PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCn- NO. 14.
SAN FRANCISCO, ;SATUEMY,;;JUNE>.14^- 1902^
PLEADS
FOR THE
CUBANS
KILAUEA SENDS FORTH
GREAT SHEETS OF FLAME
Continued on Page Two.
Norwegians on Strike.
CHRISTIANA, Norway. June 13.— The
Social Democrat says that 700 men who
were working on the ( Dunder-Landalen
Railroad have gone on strike arid that
troops have been called out to preserve
order. ,
New Yorkers Die From Heat.
NEW YOrfK, June 13.— Five deaths as
a res,ult of the intense heat were reported
in Greater New York to-day. A thunder
storm, accompanied by copious rains, re
lieved the atmosphere to-night. At 3:30
p. m. the thermometer stood at 88 degrees.
New invention by Marconi.
LONDON, June 13.— In the course of a
lecturb to-night before the Royal Institu
tion of Great Britain, William Marconi
announced that he had Invented a highly
sensitive magnetic detecter of electric
waves, by which it was possible to read
about- thirty words per minute in wire
less telegraphy.
FAMOUS LEE'S DAUGHTER
PLACED X "UNDER ARREST
Policemen Accuse Her of Having
Violated a Washington Street
car Law.
ALEXANDRIA, Va., June 13.— Mary
Custis Lee, daughter- of General Robert
E.l Lee, -was arrested to-night, charged
•with violating the law affecting the .Wash
ington/ Alexandria 'and Mount Vernon
Electric Railroad, which provides for the
separatlen .of '.white and colored pas
sengers.
Miss Lee boarded the car at Washington
and without realizing had taken a seat
in the portion reserved for, colored people.
She - was comfortably seated and being
encumbered with bundles declined
to; move to the "forward part of the car.
although the conductor explained the law
on the subject tto her and. frequently re
quested 7 her to move. , At Washington
street inthls city-she, started t,o leave the
car when she was Informed by officer*
who. had boarded it" that she was In cus
tody. '¦ ¦' • ' . ' „ ': . _„
; ' " ' -J ¦: -¦ . : ¦ ¦:. ¦¦¦¦¦ i \ : ¦ -J^-:i
superheated ;. steam,. old7lava,. ashes, etc.;
-hKvIng^been thrown out. / ;
LIGHTS STARTLE NATIVES.
'REDDING. June. v ll— Roy Frickey, a
yoiing man *of- Shasta''. County, who has
just; returned, from .Honolulu, where he
was ' superintendent for. an 'electric corii
'pany, tells; of the strange manifestations
in tho sky there and -of t the - effect \ upon
the people preceding the eruption of Mont
Pele'e/'/; ¦,¦ • \'/> '¦¦.¦:'' ¦
- ¦ For, five- or six ¦ evenings' before the de
struction of f Martinique the . sky ' above
Honolulu glowed with' red light such as
no* one; had. 1 ever, witnessed before. They
were most ? like the northern lights of the
polar, region. ; <, The lights .began to show
as, soon; as; the sun disappeared each day."
The i people were^ amazed v and the lower
classes " were dumf ounded '' at t he " strange
'phenomenon; in the' heavens. -
f Among" the superstitious natives the be
lief qulckly.i spread /that" the world -was
coming;to an-end. They* would, watch' for
the". lights to appear; arid' then would fall
upon?their.knees and; faces and pray' and
shriek. They would go into -. throes of ab
ject terror ¦ and • many would lie all night,
by theifj.'huts, feartuland immovable. The
Ughts'; in tne" sky. wepe no doubt reflected
;from the craterof Kilauea, on. the island
of Hawaii, then : :prep%rfngfor a. sympa-"
:th'etic; eruption; but-; the < people did not
suspect thl3;and.could : not' account for the
rcrnaik'able phenomenon..
Crater Increases the
\\' Activity^: of Its
Eruptions.
CARDINALS ARE NAMED \ ,
TO CONFER WITH TAFT
Dignitaries of the Catholic Church
Will Take Part in Philippine
Discussion.
ROME, June 13.— The commission ap
pointed by the Pope to discuss with Gov
ernor Taft the questions arising between
the church and state in the Philipines
consists of Cardinal Rampolla, president;
Cardinal Vannutelli, Cardinal Vives y
Tuto. Cardinal Gotti, Cardinal Steinhuber
and Monseigneur Lasparri, secretary.
All the cardinals on the commission are
members of the congregation of extra
ordinary ecclesiastical affairs.
1 SCENES ' AT j THE j CRATER
OF THE . VOLCANO OF
.'.? KILAUEA. " .
•jr ~gr ONOLULU,- June 6.— On the
jp ff night of Tuesday. June. 3,
B B . thef -volcano of Kilauea
B M broke forth in majestic fur>'.
¦^^ "^^ This", news . was -' brought
from 1 the island of, Hawaii
by the steamer Noeau, which arrived to
day; After an Intensely hot day the
set in a circle of fiery red and. the vol
cano Increased T Its outpouring of \ : dense
black smoke.' Flames burst forth \ from
the crater at 10 p. m., continued through
out the night and; had > not ceased on'
Thursday afternoon, June 5,- when the
steamer Noeau left the island of Hawaii.
On the Hamakua coast shocks of earth
quake were again felt on June .4 arid "5.
Officers and passengers could distinctly
see -the reflection of the" volcano's' fire
when at sea, and at every port at- which*
the steamer called news of the outbreak
was received by telephone. '. So far ¦. there
has been no lava flow reported, the out
burst" being limited to flames . and fire,
which- leap up from the center of ths
crater.
.There has been a peculiar ; calmness of
the sea all this week, with intense 4 heat
and heavy-atmosphere, all of- which are,
according to old Kamaainas, earthquake,
and volcanic conditions., Of course it Is
impossible to say how. long ; the outburst
will last, but indications are, from there
being no break between Tuesday and
Thursday, that Kilaueahas settled down
for a long performance. . ....
VOLCANO WEATHER.
The steamer Kinau. direct from . Hilo,'
will; bring later and more detailed; par
ticulars to-morrow morning." '
On Sunday, June 1, Manager : Waldron
of the Volcano House, telephoned to Pur
ser Slmerson of the steamer Manna' Loa
that there had been two explosions. .-.The
first, one occurred at 9 o'clock on Sunday
morning, when a large amount of j red
ashes., cindets and sulphur "were /emitted,
from the, top of the crater.. At noon; the
second . explosion occurred, the moise of
this one being much louder than the first'
and a ureater auantitv of ashes and sul-
' phur being -belched • forth.' :¦ These-, two :ex-_
plosions were accompanied by slight' trem
blings of the earth.-. . >, -
Purser Beckleyr of . the /steamer . Klnau
brought news, ; of ; two earthquake j shocks:
in.the Hamakua district; which: were: felt
strongest : at .- r Honokaa. ', • Since ,• the 'ex-J
plosions occurred on, Sunday, June 1,- Hon-'
olulu has been visited , by an 'unusual heat
wave, with; closeness /of) the
and considerable. humidity, which:is local- :
ly, known as volcano weather. .. * ', ;A
• An; unusual feature, of ICIlauea's present
activity is that \ the^ voicanois J sending up
"clouds' of red ashes. : This .has inever .been
done before, ' Kllauea- always- ivomlting,
laval'f • , i, .-"'..--' -.«•-' ': ¦/:.¦:'.., '¦¦;¦'¦¦.. •,
;VTSIT; : THE vSOUFRIERE.
' KINGSTOWN,^Island of.. ¦ St.' .' Vincent;
Wednesday,'. Junelll.— Fleet Surgcori Isaac
H. Andersonybf ;the British navy and'* the
scientific commission: .appointed , by the
Royal Society- to .investigate; the ,' volcanic'
disturbances .here .arrived i at ,. Kingstown
yesterday ( aad,; le,fti to-day for;; Chateau,
Belair, intending .. to i ascend- the} Souf rlere
volcano when possible. :' , u .; '••'•; , ¦. ¦¦" ;
The ; general .feeling' of "anxiety has ( not
abated. Therehas; been no big. eruption
since .May 30,. but the 'of the
volcano is not" reassuring. . " Theref are fre
quent emissions of, black steam. . • . -.
The ; American- scientists.. Professor Ed-
mund ;O. j Ho vey , \ assist an t curator of t he
American './of -Natural History,
New York, arid r George 'C.-; Curtis of • Har
,vard.; University, made another, ascent of,
the, Soufr.iere 1 from the east; Monday last*
'They heard the^rumbling v bf -boiling water
in the " v old:, crater, when: half a „ mile off,
waited until 'theTfog cleared - and found
the southeast; crater quiescent. , ' .The • old
iidge that used .'to run from the saddle to
the bottom of ' the crater,* remained. > There!
¦ls'rio' watertin ',thls- crater. - The'Ameri-;
cans did 'not -.venture [. to approach: the bid
crater.: .;./'- : ;. t ,' : "- -. ;• ¦; ; ; v <• '"'¦ [-,''. .' ¦:'
¦ ;" Professor ... Hovey ; says . that apparently
the .crater '- of ? .the '. 1S12 .eruption took 'no
part In the -recent^outbreak, arid:so -.far
as he and Mr. Curtis could sec no streams
of : molten rock, * 1 ike " those I which J issue
Irom' Mount .Vesuvius,' have \ flowed ; only
"HOPPERS" WILL BUY
. ENTERTAINMENT SEATS
People in Utah Hit Upon a Novel
Method of Exterminating a
Pest.
. SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, June 14.— The
residents of Ephraim, Utah, the agricuU
tural' center of San Pete County, where
the crops ' last 'year" were completely
ruined by grasshoppers, have adopted, a
novel, method of j exterminating the pest,
which is again., threatening the crops. A
series of entertainments has been ar
ranged, .the'- admission to which Is one
half a bushel of grasshoppers.
The first entertainment— a ; dance— was
held last : night \ and \ seventy-five half
bushels of {grasshoppers . were presented
to the ticket man . at the door. After
the dance the "hoppers" furnished fuel
for a bonfire to properly top oft the oc
casion. Everything possible is being done
to catch, the young insects before they be
gin to fly, 'and .the .citizens around Eph
rairii have banded together to fight them.
A standing. bounty of $1 a bushel has been
offered by. the city' officials for the young
"hoppers." ¦•.;-; 'f" u - '2-O >A >':'- \
Volcano on the Islands of Hawaii: Creates
¦ I a Great Pyrotechnic Display.
Special Correspondence of .The Call.
"My position can be plainly stated, and
I believe it to be a plain common sense
view of the situation. We are expected
to provide for; a twenty per cent reduc
tion on Cubansugar. All we ask is a
guarantee that the money Involved shall
go to the Cuban producers. Under the
pending bill there is "nothing to show that
the money involved will reach that de»-"
tir.ation. ' ' •• , "¦ -• • ¦
•'Now, if the, sugar producers in Cuba
are not to rfecetve the actual benefit of a
twenty per cent reduction and ; the price
of refined sugar to the consumer la not
Senator Elkins, leader of the Repub
lican minority, said to-night:
SENATOR- ELKINS' STAND.
President Roosevelt's decision to, send
In a message was not ' taken hastily. He
waited until the question had been be
fore' Congress about six months/ and &
half. - He : waited, until, it J became clear
that' it. was the. settled purpose of the
balance ¦ of power in the Senate ' to pre
vent legislation. Then he decjded-to send
a message couched in cal
culated not to be objectionable to any
Senator or Representative,- but which
would place before the country the ac
tual .facts fto-the: controversy and. set at
restfany, doubt as to his consistency ana
exact position.
Thespian of the administration- and
Senate leaders is to have the Cuban 'com
mittee, on Tuesday report \the bill and
then.to call a" caucus. .'. '-.
If Senator • Elkina » and - , his .. followers
should then stay out "of the caucus. Cu
ban^ reciprocity is . dead and the Repub
lican party is- rent 1 ln'twaln." If enough
of them go in to give the Republicans
forty-five votes, then the administration**
plan is saved and the party holds to
gether. The Senators on -whom the be^t
sugar men confidently count are. as fol
lows: Elkins and Scott, West Virginia;
Burrows, Michigan ; Gamble ¦ and Kitt
redge. South Dakota; Clapp and Nelson,
Minnesota; Bard and Perkins, California;
Deltrich arid Millard, Nebraska;. Mason.
Illinois; Kearns, Utah; Deboe, Kentucky;
Burton, Kansas; Mitchell, Oregon.
NOT DONE- HASTILY.
: the needs. of Cuba, the moral
effect of which will : be very ¦ great, • while
the political ' consequences may make or
mar t him as the leader of his. party. It
Is really: the first aggressive ¦ step that
has been by the administration to
bring the /rebellious Senators _wlthin the
discipline of. the party organization. It
makes- inevitable a caucus of -the Repub
lican : Senators ¦ on a ' bill making recipro
cal trade arrangements with Cuba. It"
will place. Senator Elkins,. Senator Bur*
rows and their twelve or fourteen follow
ers in a position where they must take
a final stand. Hence the- outcome of the
next /ew : days is of extteniej importance.
It will meana. triumph, of the adminis
tration on a great issue,, or party chaos.
my ALL BUREAU, 1406 O
f Tri STREET, N. W., W^H-
M INGTON, #June s 13.— President
¦L^^^ Roosevelt sent to Congress
to-day a. special message on
Sceclal Dispatch to ' The Call.
Continued ' on Page Two.
"I thank you for your expressions of
loyalty and affectio^ toward myself and
the Queen. I rejoice with you at the
thought that the victory which ; has
crowned the perseverance and bravery of
my forces will pave the way for the ex
tension to the regions newly added to my
empire of that system of government
•which, with God's blessing, will bring to
South Africa the peace and prosperity
that have in every quarter of the globe
followed its establishment. The readiness
with which my subjects throughout the
empire have borne-their part in the ardu
ous campaign now happily at an end can
not fail to draw them still more closely
together in bonds of loyalty and affection,
and I confidently believe that the good
feeling which Is being displayed by those
who were .so' recently our opponents
augurs well for the future of that vast
AUGURS WELL FOR FUTURE.
Subsequently, in response to the address
of the London County Council, the King
tpoke as follows:
"You give fitting expression to the ad
miration universally felt for the valor
find endurance of the officers and men
who have been engaged in fighting their
country's battles. They have been op
jjosed by a brave and determined people
crd had to encounter great difficulties.
These difficulties were . cheerfully over
come by steady and persistent effort, and
those who were our opponents will now,
I rejoice to think, become our friends.
Jly earnest hi/pe is that by mutual co
operation and good will the bitter feeling
cf the past may speedily be replaced by
loyalty and friendship and that an era of
peace and prosperity may be in store for
£cuth Africa."
•'I thank you in my own name and In
the Queen's for your loyal and dutiful ad
dress and the congratulation you tender
us at the, close of the war in South Africa.
I heartily join in your expression of
thankfulness to Almighty God for the
termination of the struggle which, while
it entailed on my people at home and be
yond the sea so many sacrifices, borne
v/ith admirable fortitude, has secured a
result which will give increased unity and
strength to my empire. The cordial and
spontaneous exertions in all parts of my
dominion, as well as in your ancient
end loyal city,, have done much to bring
Ebout this happy result.
PRAISES BOER GRIT.
dalc, and the Corporation, and
frcra the London County Council, con
gratulating his Majesty on the restora
tion of peace.' The King took occasion to
express his sentiments oft . the subject
more fully than heretofore, and the tact
ful recognition which he made of the
Fterliug qualities of the Boers will doubt
less- materially aid in the work of ap
peasement in South Africa.
His Majesty, surrounded by the house
hold,. received the city dignitaries in the
tbroneroom, and replying to the Lord
Mayor's-addre'ss said: ? ""." "
•w- ONDON. June 13.— King Edward
t] held a special court at Buck
// insham Palace to-day for the
[J j reception of addresses from the
-**^^# Lord Mayor, Sir Joseph Dims
FLAMES SWEEP -AWAY
TOWN'S BUSINESS HOUSES
Alexander City in Alabama* Suffers
Great Disaster and Appeals for
Food Are Made.
OPELAKA. Ala., June 13.— The business
portion of Alexander City, a place of 1500
inhabitants, was wiped away to-day by
fire, the loss reaching at least $750,000,
which the insurance will not begin to
cover.
The fire originated in a foundry and
machine works. A light wind was blow
ing and the fire spread from building to
building until the entire business section
was ablaze. The place had no water
works and all the terror-stricken people
could do was to save -what belongings
they could and then flee from the N awful
heat. The station of the Central of Geor
gia Railway was burned, with all its con
tents. The telegraph office, two hotels,
postoffice, saloons, livery stable, practic
ally all the stores and eight residences,
together with numerous law and other
offices, were destroyed. The railroad has
established its telegraph line under a tree
and appeals for help and for food are go
ing out.
King Edward Says
Nice Things of Re
cent Enemies.
Roosevelt Sends Mes
sage That May Make
or Mar Him.
ABOVE PICTURE." REPRO
-PUCED FROM COLLIER'S
. WEEKLY. IS FROM LATEST
COPYRIGHTED PHOTO
GRAPH ' BY ' CLINEDIN.ST. ,
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF ENG
LAND'S METROPOLIS, WHO
DELIVERED AN ADDRESS
BEFORE KING EDWARD
YESTERDAY.
WOMEN LEAP TO SAFETY
FROM FACTORY WINDOWS
| Tire in Philadelphia Destroys ¦ Much
Property and Many Persons
¦i -^5 *;•* ;.'ir Are Injured: — ' — - — **¦•.
"PHILADELPHIA. June 13.— Ftre to-day
destroyed the. novelty leather factory ot
M. Lothenblatt, & Co.; a four-story brick
structure,' jat , Second . and " Oxford streets
and resulted- in severe injuries to a dozen
persons. i
The John Moffett School, opposite the
leather works, was damaged, three dwell
ing houses adjoining the factory were de
stroyed and nine others were slightly
damaged. The 'rapid spread of the
flames gave rise to rumors that a num
ber of employes, had met death in the
burning factory, a but those reports proved
to be. erroneous. '• ¦
There - were many sensational and nar
row escapes, most of the 400 men and
women employed in the factory saving
their lives by leaping from the windows
into nets held by firemen. Katie Sche
dcll, aged 15 years, was carried down a
ladder by a-policeman. She was badly
Injured and her condition is reported as
serious.
Others severely injured are: George Jer
bert, aged 47, back injured; John Snyder,
aged 22, shoulder dislocated and leg frac
tured; August Schoeter,* aged 49, leg frac
tured ; Samuel Trankerman, aged 23,
burned about the body. --
Lothenblatt estimates his loss at $150,000
and the loss of " the other properties is
estimated at. $150,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDOX, June 13.— A statement by the
local Venezuelan committee is published
by the papers this morning claiming the
revolution In Venezuela has succeeded.
The committee expresses the belief that
the insurgents have already captured
Caracas.
WASHINGTON, June 13.-Secrctary
Hay has requested from Minister Bowen
at Caracas, by cable, a statement of the
condition of affairs of Venezuela, par
ticularly-with reference to shipping.- Some
time ago 'the National Asphalt Company
was considerably embarrassed in its ef
forts to provision and otherwise supply
its force of employes at La Fellcidad, by
reason of a clash between the Government
lorces and the insurgents on the coast
near that point. The Venezuela Consul at
¦tf r illemstad, island of Trinidad, refused
to clear the company's ship Viking for
the mainland because her destination was
in the hands of the insurgents and was
in a state of blockade. With a good deal
of difficulty Bowen succeeded in getting
the vessel through, it being especially
¦urged that the company's employes were
in great distress for lack of supplies.
Now the Orinoco Trading Company is
having similar trouble in operating its
ships between the Venezuelan ports
which are occupied indiscriminately by
Government and rebel forces, and the
State Department is endeavoring to see
what can be done to end these annoy
ances. . .
PANAMA. ' Colombia. June 13.— A
schooner loaded by the Jaunch Aurora |
yesterday landed 200 Government froops
at Chorrcra, fifteen miles from Panama.
A telegraph inspector left overland to-day
for Chorrera with^ the object of establish
ing a" line into' the interior.
• A flotilla of eight sailing vessels started
last night with 'reinforcements for Gen
eral Barti's troops at Pescaderias. Great
excitement prevails here and will con- |
tinue until the result of the attack on the
rebels at Agua Dulce is known.
Governor Salizar says he will send next
•week an important Government official
to construct the civil administration- of
the recaptured province, and that he ex
pects to hear soon that the revolution is
confined to Chirioui.
HAVANA, June 13.— The Board of Im
migration decided to-day that forty-three
Chinese laborers who came .to Havana on
brard the Ward line steamer Monterey
from New York and reached here last
Wednesday -would have to be returned to
New York by the steajnship company.
Heretofore Chinamen have been allowed
to enter Havana without restriction and
thousands have landed here in the course
of the last tlirce years. An immigration
law, however, similar to the one enforced
in the United States went into force last
May, and the case of these Chinamen has
resulted in the" first application of this
law. ¦ The forty-three Chinamen In ques
tion came direct from China and were
shipped in bond from Vancouver through
New York to Havana.
The Ward line has asked the privilege
of shipping the Chinamen to Mexico in
stead of returning them" to New York, as
the Chinamen themselves have requested
to be sent to that country. The Board of
Immigration has not yet given a decision
in the latter matter. Q . '"'
Major Glenn", chief of the United States
Marine Hospital Service in Cuba, says he
has no doubt that many Chinamen have
entered j the' United \ States through Cuba
during the. last three years by means of
sailing vessels running ' between Cuban
and Southern ports.
The Cubans take kindly to the new im
migration law. The colored laborers of
the Island- are especially prejudiced
against the introduction of any foreign
labor element.
Colombian Govern
ment Also Greatly
Harassed.
One Route* of Asiatic
Invasion Is Now
Closed.
Belief Is Expressed
That Caracas Is
Captured.
Havana Authorities
to Enforce Immi=
$v gration Laws.
Republic of Cuba De
nies Landing to
Laborers.
Venezuela Insurgents
Now Claim the
I/* 4-
REBELS
DEFEAT
CASTRO
CHINESE
MUST BE
DEPORTED
PRAISES
BRAVERY
OF BOERS
The San Francisco Call.• RISING SUN, .Ind.; June 13.— The towboat
Relief was sunk here by colliding with a barge.
All of the crew escaped.
SAG1NAW, Mich., June 13.— Governor
Bliss, who is at his home here, said to
day that he had received word from
Lansing that the resignation of Colonel
Eli R, Sutton of Detroit as regent of the
University of Michigan wa3 In the ex
ecutive-office at Lansing. A warrant has
been Issued in Lansing for the arrest of
Colonel Sutton on the charge of perjury
in connection with his trial on the charge
of complicity. In the State military cloth
ing frauds, and he is missing.
Begent Sutton to Be Arrested.
Fixes a Tax on Oleomargarine.
WASHINGTON, June 13.-Commlssloner
Yerkes qf the Internal Revenue Bureau
has settlld the contested question as to
whether butter or any other ingredients
artificially colored may be used in the
manufacture of oleomargarine without in
creasing the tax from one-quarter of 1
cent to 10 cents a pound by Issuing a reg
ulation wheh holds in effect that no arti
ficial coloring matter whatever can b©
used in any way in the manufacture of
Oleomargarine without increasing- the tax
as stated.
Sale of the Balaklala Mines.
REDDING, June 13.— The famous Bal
aklala group of sixty copper claims in the
Flat Creek district of this county Is to be
scld for $650,000. The property Is under
bond to Pennsylvania capitalists, headed
by Peter Klmberly, the steel manufac
turer. The development work has been
so satisfactory that the second, payment
has now been made and the sale is as
sured. This will mean another smelter
for Shasta County.
Killed by a Trolley Car.
PORTLAND, Or., June 13.— Dr. W. J.
McDaniels, a prominent physician of this
city, was run over and killed by a trolley
oar on Williams avenue this morning." He
was riding a bicycle between the tracks
and ¦ fell as he turned to pass . an ap
proaching car. A car behind ran over
him, v crushing him to death.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate: Augustus Caslmir Wolfe of
Warsaw, consul of the United States at
Warsaw, Russia": William H. Smud, In
dian Agent, Flathead Agency, Montana.
Treasury— Byron S. Waite, Michigan,
general appraiser of merchandise. ,
Navy— Surgeons to have rank of lieu
tenant commander— John M. Edgar and
Philip Leach. Passed assistant surgeons,
to have rank of lieutenant— Middleton S.
Elliott, Frank L. Pleadwell, Dudley M.
Carpenter, Daniel E. Morgan and James
C. Pryor. Paymasters to have rank of
lieutenant commander— John S. Carpen
ter, Livingston Hunt, John A. Mudu,
George W. Simpson, Harry R. Sullivan
and Samuel L. Heap. Chaplain-Sylvester
p. Borum, • to have rank of captain.
Chaplain— W. L. Reany ' and John B.
Frazler, to have rank of commander. As
sistant naval constructors to , have rank
pf lieutenant— Stewart P. Smith and Wil
liam G. Groesbeck. Civil Engineer Ulys
ses G. White to have rank of captain;
Civil, Engineer Robert E. Pearce to have
rank of commander;" Civil Engineer Rich
ard C. Hollyday to have rank of lieuten
ant commander. ' : -
Postmasters— Washington— John M. Ben
edict, Centralla. :
Nominations by the. President.
WASHINGTON. June 13.— The President to
day eigned the rivers and harbors bill.
SAUSALITO, June 13.— The transport
Rosecrans ran ashore off South Sausalito
to-day and had -a narrow escape from
being -seriously damaged.. Orders were
received some time * ago . to bring the
transports which have been lying in the
stream off San Francisco . to Sausalito,
to remain until they were sold by the
Government. One of them was towed
over several days ago and anchored in
Richardsons Bay. .•
-- This morning at 9 o'clock the tug Slo
cum towed the Rosecrans across the bay
and was preparing to bring her to an an
chorage ! off South Sausalito. The tide
was running in shore quite swiftly and
in some manner the transport sot away
frorrrthe tug and ran high up on the
beach. For a time it was feared she
would drive on the rocks, but the Slocum
succeeded in preventing this and finally
was able to draw the ship back from the
beach. \ . L „ -.
An examination showed that no uamage
had resulted. . At the present time the
Roeecrans Is anchored near by the Mc-
Culloch, where she will remain until a
more thorough examination can be made
of her hull, after which she will be an
chored in Richardsons Bay.
capes Sarious Damage Near
Sausalito.
Government Troopship Barely Es-
TRANSPORT ROSECRANS '
STRIKES ON THE BEACH
' ¦ Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Pllta
No cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where It fails to cure any case of piles
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases In elx days; worst cases In fourteen days.
Qne application gives ease and rest. Relieve*
Itching instantly. This is a new discovery, and
13 the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A free sample will be
sent by mall to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, 50c. If your druggist don't keep
it In stock send 60c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure,
Laxative Broxno-Quinine Tablets.
Piles Cured "Without the Knife.
The ' message was listened to with
profound attention by Senators on both
sides of the chamber. The attendance
of Senators was notably large. The chair
announced that the message would be re
ferred to the Committee on Relations
with Cuba. Dietrich of Nebraska and
Warren of Wyoming both addressed the
chair and the latter was recognized and
moved an executive session.
"Is a motion In order, Mr. President?"
Inquired Bailey of Texas.
'Jit Is." replied the chair (Kean).
"I had intended to make a motion," said
BAILEY IS FACETIOUS.
We are a wealthy and powerful nation; Cuba
is a young republic, still weak, who owes to us
her birth, whose whole future, whose very life
must depend on our attitude toward her. I ask
that we help her as she struggles upward along
.the painful and difficult road of self-govern
ment and Independence. I ask this aid for her
because she is weak, because she needs It, be
cause we have already aided her. I ask that
open-handed help, of a kind which a self-re
specting people can accept, be given to Cuba,
for the, very reason that we have given her such
help in the past. Our soldiers fought to give
her freedom, and for three years our representa
tives, civil and military, have tolled unceasing
ly, facing disease of a peculiarly sinister and
fatal type with patient and uncomplaining for
tltudeT to teach her hew to use aright her new
freedom. Never In history has any alien coun
try been thus administered, with such high
integrity of purpose, such wise judgment and
such a single-handed devotion to the country's
interests. Now I ask that the Cubans be given
all possible chance to use to the best advantage
the freedom of which Americans have such
right to be proud and for which so many Amer
ican lives have been sacrificed. * «
. THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
White House. June 13. 1002.
Cuba is an independent republic which has
assumed certain special obligations as regards
her international In compliance with
our request. I alk for her certain special eco
nomic concessions in return; these economic con
cessions to benefit us as well as her. There are
few brighter pages in American history than
the page which tells of our dealings with Cuba
during the past four years. ¦ On her behalf we
waged a war, of which the malnsprln" was gen
erous Indignation against oppression, and we
have kept faith absolutely. It Is earnestly to
be hoped that we will complete in the same
spirit the record so well begun, and show In
our dealings with Cuba that steady continuity
of policy which It Is essential for our nation
to establish in foreign affairs if we desire to
play well our part as a world power.
After the withdrawal of these men the
city became quiet. The 1500 troops or
dered out by Governor Klmball yester
day are still on .duty, but if conditions
warrant they will be withdrawn gradual
ly, the first installment to leave to-mor
row. There was no rioting .luring the
day. To-morrow It is proposed to reopen
the city system under the protection of
the police, assisted by the militia.
Attorney General Stearns was in con-
ands with which we have been brought into re
lations of varying Intimacy by the Spanish
War. Porto Rico an<l Hawaii have been in
cluded within our tariff lines, to their great
benefit as well as ours, and without any of the
feared detriment to our own industries. The
Philippines, which stand in a different rela
tion, have been granted substantial tariff con
cessions. * • •
PAWTUCKET, R. I., June 13.t-
Actlon which the authorities hope
means the? beginning of the end
of the rclgn of violence incident
to the street railway strike was
taken to-day b'y '1 High Sheriff Hunt
er C. White In removing hia deputy
sheriffs from the street cars. He did
this on representations made to him that
ihe deputies accomplished • no good pur
pose, but incited the crowds to violence.
LONDON, June 13.— King Edward and
Queen Alexandra held the fifth and final
court of the season at Buckingham Palace
this evening. It was raining hard and a
cold' wind was blowing and' the weather
was worse. If possible, than 'that which
marked the four inclement nights of the
previous courts. >
Final Court of. Season.
Bailey, facetiously. . . .„.
."I will not do it, but I feel inclined to
move, to refer the message to the Repub
lican .caucus." (Laughter.) :. '.. • * ...
Allison, who was sitting directly in
front of Bailey on -the Democratic side
and who had .listened attentively to the
reading of the message, turned to the
Texan and, smiling with the utmost good
nature, bowed ceremoniously to Bailey.
I "The chair is not aware,' replied Kean
"that any such committee exists.".
(Laughter.)
Then at 3:20 the Senate resumed its ex
ecutive session and at 4:55 adjourned.
The boy who was shot in the back by a'
deputy- yesterday was still aiive this
evening. . This afternoon .Mayor Fitzger
ald ordered all the saloons closed, as -a
precaution against trouble to-night.. ' ¦
The military, authorities to-day 'issued
orders to take notice of every infraction
of the peace and to arrest all who re
fused to obey their commands. Persons
found shouting, placing obstructions on
the tracks or otherwise misbehaving were
arrested at sight, and if any pronounced
demonstration was made by. the mob the
orders were to warn the assemblage and
then shoot if the injunctions were not
heeded.
imitation with the Governor to-day and,
afterward expressed the opinion that the
difficulties will be soon adjusted] ' . ' .
. When the first car of the Pawtucket
avenue line reached the city to-day it
was guarded by companies of militia and
troops .of- cavalry with machine guns
trailing: along. The car was escorted
safely pant the pits where the attacks of
yesterday were made. The crowd was'
kept online move and as soon as there
.was a sign of a demonstration arrests
w^re made, the prisoners being locked up
at the State armory and afterward turned
over to the police. After that the cars
on the avenue were operated without
further hindrance. ; ...... ;.
PROMINENT STATE OFFICIAL OF
RHODE' ISLAND 'AND THE
MAYOR OF PAWTUCKET. ' ' • ¦
LONDON.'. June 13.— There was an in-;
teresting little function at "Westminster
Abbey this afternoon, when the sons and
grandsons 5 of high state officers rehears
ed'the^lutles they wllMiave to perform
at the coronation in the capacity of. pages;
Lord - Salisbury, 'the -Premier, .drove . up
with his grandson on his knee. tots
arid-bigger bo*s, present and prospective
bekrers of" historic v titles, larrlved in
•charge of and were, shown how
to bear ' coronets and carry trains arid
otherwise! properly deport themselves In
their individual parts of the^ ceremonial;
Coronation.
Part the Little Fellows Will Play at
REHEAB^AL OF THE PAGES.
The events following the war with Spain and
the prospective building of the Isthmian -canal
render it certain that we must take - In the
future a far greater interest than hitherto In
what happens throughout the West Indies, Cen
tral America and the adjacent coasts and wa
ters. We expect Cuba to treat us on an excep
tional footing, politically, and we should put
her in the same exceptional position econom
ically. The proposed action Is in line with the
course we have pursued as regards all the lsl-
PLEADS FOE REPUBLIC.
Some of our citizens opposed the lowering of
the tariff on Cuban products, just- as three
years ago they opposed the admission .of the
Hawaiian Islands, lest free trade with them
might ruin certain of our Interests here. In
the actual event their fears, proved baseless
as regards Hawaii, and their apprehensions as
to the damage to any Industry of our "Own be
cauce of the proposed measure of reciprocity
with Cuba seem to me equally baseless. In my
judgment no American industry will be hurt,
and many industries will be benefited by the
proposed action. It is to our advantage as a
nation that the growing Cuban market should
be controlled by American producers.
The question as to which, if any, of the
different schedules of tariff ought most properly
to be revised does not enter Into this matter
In any .way or shape. "We are concerned with
getting a friendly reciprocal agreement with
Cuba. This arrangement applies to all the
articles that Cuba grows or produces. It ib
not In our power to determine what these ar
ticles shall be, and any discussion of the tariff
as It affects special schedules, or countries other
than Cuba, is wholly aside from the subject
matter to which 1 now call your attention.
Yesterday, June 12, I received by cable from
the American Minister In Cuba a most earnest
appeal* from President Palma for "legislative
relief before It Is too late and .the country,
financially ruined." The granting of reci
procity with Cuba Is a proposition which stands
entirely alone. The reasons for It far out
weigh those for granting reciprocity with any
other nation, and are entirely consistent with
preserving intact the protective system under
which this country has thriven so marvelously.
The present tariff law was designed to promote
the adoption of such a reciprocity treaty and
expressly provided for a reduction not to ex
ceed 20 per cent upon goods coming from a
particular country, leaving the tariff rates on
the same articles unchanged as regards all
other countries. Objection has been made to
the granting of the reduction on the ground that
the substantial benefit would not go to the
agricultural producer of sugar, but would Inure
to the American sugar refineries. ! In my Judg
ment provision can and should be made which
will guarantee us against this possibility, with
out having recourse to doubtful policy, sucn
ae a bounty in th« form of a rebate.
Tliis recommendation waa merely giving prac
tical effect to President McKinley's ! words,
¦when In his message of December 5, -1898, and
December 5, 169a, he wrote: - "It is Impor
tant that our relations with this people (of
Cuba) shall be of the most friendly character
and our commercial relations close and recip
rocal. • ¦ • • We have accepted a trust the
fulfillment of which calls' for the sternest In
tegrity of purpose and exercise of the highest
wisdom. The new Cuba yet to rise from the
ashes of the past must needs be bound to us
by ties of singular intimacy and strength if
its enduring welfare is to be assured. The
greatest blessing which can come to Cuba Is
the restoration of her agricultural and indus
trial prosperity."
FALMA SENDS APPEAL.
"Elsewhere I have discussed the question of
reciprocity. In the case of Cuba, however,
there are weighty reasons of morality and of
national interest why the policy should be held
to have a peculiar application, and I most
earnestly ask your attention to the wisdom,
indeed, to the vital need, of 'providing for a
substantial reduction in the tariff duties on
Cuban imports Into the United States. Cuba
has in her constitution affirmed what we de
tired, that she should stand. In International
matters, in closer and more friendly relations
with us than with any other power: and we
are bound by every consideration of honor and
expediency to pass commercial measures in the
Interest of her well-being." :
• The Penate and the House: I deem It im
portant before the adjournment of the present
session of Congress to call attention to the fol
lowing expressions in the message which In
the discharge of the duty imposed upon me by
the Constitution ' I sent to Congress the first
Tuetday of December last:
The President's message is as follows r
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Representatives Long, Payne, Dalzell
and other reciprocity advocates In the
House think the Senate will settle the
measure of reciprocity. In other words, if
the forty-five Republican Senators, or for
ty-four and Senator McLaurin of South
Carolina, unite and pass* the bill this
measure will be accepted by the House.
"It is not our funeral," said . Senator
Blackburn. "We are not called upon' to
mix up in any family row going on * in
the Republican party. The more " fre
quently the President Jectures his . party
the more .-incensed they become, so it is
not our' place to ¦ interfere. There -'jiva!
nothing new or startling in the message,
but it was simply a case of repeating a
former message on the same subject.
"The fact Is," continued the Senator,
"there are about forty Republican Sena
tors who consider themselves better poli
ticians and better statesmen than the
President, and they are not Inclined to
follow his advice on political matters.
Each of these forty thinks he would
mske a better President than Roosevelt."
Among the Democrats the Impression
prevails that the message will widen the
breach between the Republican President
and, his party instead of bringing the two
factions together. - -
VIEW OF DEMOCRATS.
to be reduced twenty per cent, where does
the money to go? If the friends of the
bill can show beyond question that the
money involved in twenty per cent re
duction will go to the cane growers in
Cuba, there will be no trouble about the
Rt publican party coming together on this
question."
country which has been added to the do
minions' of : the~ crown."
: The civic .dignitaries proceeded to and
frcm the palace In gilded coaches, attired
in their full state robes.
WASHINGTON. June 12.— Postoffice
established: Oregon, Greenhorn, Baker
County. Postmasters commissioned: Cal
iiornia—Edwin S. Pickard. Adin; Will J
Hill. Alliance. Oregon— Burton Miller
Gicenhorn. Washington— Alonzo A. Per
singer. East Spokane.
Rural free delivery will be established
August 1st at Hubhard, Marion County.
Oregon. •
These pensions were granted to-day—
California— Original— Abraham S. La
due. Henleyville. 5S; James Quirk.
BoICwrr Home, East Los Angeles,
$6; James Morden, Los Angeles, $x,
Jamts F. Hardenberg, San Fran
crsco, 58. Veterans war with Spain—
Carl Colonus, San Francisco. $6: Fred D
Moore. San Francisco, $6. Increase-
Charles S. Weismann, Sacramento $S-
Sylvester Holbrock, French Camp, $8;
Newton Coberly. Los Angeles, Sl«. Wid
ctrs—Margaret Hinds, San Francisco. $8.
Oregon— Increase— Erick From. Mvrtle
Point. $17; William Moore. Ashland," $24-
James W. Pawl. Butler. $10. Widows—
C'p.rrie McCabe.. Woodburn, $8.
Washington— Original— Alvah E. Dear
bcrn. Fremont. $6; Irvln R. Ball, Tacoma
5S. Increase— John J. Carter, Eatonsvllle.
I*; Thomas D. Smith, Olympla, $10. War
with Spain— William T. Phillips, What
ccm, $50. Widows— Julia A. Shaw, Roy, $)j.
Navy orders— Rear- Admiral f Louis
Kempff goes to San Francisco to take
charge of the Pacific coast district, ex
tending from Puget Sound to the Mexican
border.
Army orders announce that Contract
Surgeon Louis A. Molony will go from
the Department of California to Fort Gib
ben, Alaska, relieving Ralph L. Taylor,
ordered to this city.
Navy orders announce that Lieutenant
Commander G. M. Stoney in detached
from the Oregon and ordered to the com
mand cf the Dolphin. Lieutenant Com
mander A. W. Grant is detached from
the Naval Academy and assigned to the
Oregon as executive officer. Assistant
Surgeon E. M. Brown goes to the naval
hospital. Mare Island.
Washington— Original— John C. McLain.
Soldiers' Home, Orting. flO; Aionso C.
Atkins. Shelton, $G. Increase— Edward
Wheeler, Seattle, $1D; Josiah E. Vangor
dc-n, Pasco. $12; Robert W. Summerville,
Dunlap, JS.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON. June K.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced: Post
ofiices established — California— Millspaugh,
lnyo County, Almon N. Millspauph post
master; Roselawn. Siskiyou County, Ed
win C. Hart, postmaster. Or?gon—Odes
sa, Klamath County, Blanche Griffith
postmaster.
Postmaster appointed— Oregoa—H. C.
Gessner. Spruce. Tillamoolr County, vice
Henry Peters, resigned.
These pensions were granted: California
— Increase — Judson Washburn. San Diej^o.
tlX..- Widows— Minors of John Lopes. Al
nmecla, $14; minors of Wilson Slater, Los
Angeles. $14; Sarah E. Townsend, Los
Angeles. $S. . War with- Spain— Minor of
Samuel R. Langworthy. Riverside, $2.
Oregon— Widows— Catherine B. Osgood.
Olney. $6.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Continued From Page One.
PLEADS FOR THE CUBANS,
The session adjourned without the Sen
ate reaching a conclusion on the question
und no day was fixed for continuing con
sideration, owing to pressure of other
matters. Crozier's confirmation is gen
erally conceded by his opponents.
Senator Cockrell said the appointment
had been made because of the exceptional
fitness of Crozier for the position . and
that he was In every way personally. and
professionally worthy of the compliment
which the appointment implied. He called
attention to Crozier's record as an ord
nance officer and said there were many
precedents for the promotion of officers
from low rank to high, instancing the
cases of General Wood and General Bell
especially. Proctor called attention to
the fact that Generals Wood and Bell
were line officers and not corps officers,
which, he said, made much difference. '
Proctor referred at length to the ef
fect of the law of February 2, 1901, which
it. is declared makes an exception In cases
like that of Crozier. Section 20 of that
law provides that no person shall be ap
pointed chief of the staff corps who is
below " the rank of . lieutenant colonel,
but this provision is accompanied by an
amendment ¦ providing _f or exceptions. The
friends of Crozier contend that these ex
ceptions open a way for his appointment,
but Senator Proctor argued that such was
not the case and declared that under the
law he clearly was ineligible.
Proctor also referred to the fact that
Crozier is the patentee of the Bumngton-
Crozier gun carriage, and he and others
who stood with him asserted that no offic
er possessing such an interest einould be
put at the head of a bureau which con
trols the use of such patents. He also
asserted that It was unusual to go so
low as the rank of captain in selecting
the heads of staff corps, and said that
this proceeding had had no nrecedent
since the Civil War.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— The Senate
devoted the executive session to-day to
a consideration of the nomination of Wil
liam Crozier to be chief of the bureau of
ordnance. The principal speecnes were
made by Senators Cockrell and Proctor,
the former favoring the confirmation and
the latter opposing that- course.
Tillrr.an cf South Carolina presented
some advantages of supplying metal mail
boxes for rural delivery and showed to
the Senate a sample box of sheet steel
which could be purchased for 49c. Boxes
now supplied by private individuals cost
from 51 to $3 each. Such a price, he
raid, was- a serious burden upon the
farmers. Already f7,500.000 a year was
paid for rural -delivery cf mail and he be
lieved such rural delivery would expand
until it exceeded the cost of city mail
delivery.
Hoar proposed an amendment to the
resolution, providing that the committee
should inquire whether the former Queen
has any claim against the United Srates.
legal or equitable, by reason of having
parted hitherto with her title. Mitchell
accepted lhe amendment and the resolu
tion was referred to the Committee on
Pacific Islands and Porto Rico. . !
A resolution was offered by Mitchell of
Oregon, directing the Committee on Pa
cific Islands and Porto Rico to inquire
:nto the general condition of Hawaii, the
administration of affairs^ there, the.qual
ity, condition and . value of the public
lands in Hawaii; the crown lands anl the
title of the former Queen therein; with
power to sit during the recess and by
sub-committee to visit the islands if
necessary and to report at the beginning
of the next session.
"WASHINGTON, June IS.— Soon after
the Senate convened to-day the vote by
which the resolution respecting the dis
charge of Miss Rebecca. J:, Taylor from
Jbe War Department was referred to the
Committee on Civil Service and Retrench
ment at the instance of Platt of Connect!-?
cut was reconsidered -and the resolution
was made subject to the call of Carrriack
of Tennessee.
'Eventual Corfirmation Gen
erally Conceded by :
Opponenta
President's Discharge of a
Clerk Will Be Con
sidered.
Senators Desire Inves
tigation of Island
Affairs.
Senate Not Yet Ready
to Advance th9 Army
... Officer.
INQUIRY TENDS
TOWARD HAWAII
CROZIER'S CASE
EXCITES DEBATE
Street . ; Railway Strike m Pawtucket Con
tinues, Soldiers Guard the Lines, but
Reign of Violence Is Probably Ended
DEPUTIES ARE REMOVED
AND PEACE IS PREDICTED
ARMY OFFICERS
FIND A SCANDAL
UNION STRIVES
FOR STRENGTH
Disappearance of Goods
in: Hawaii Causes a
Sensation.
Mine Workers Gain
Reinforcements to
Their Ranks.
The President's Favorite
Measure Meets With
Success.
Operators Transport More
Men- to th9 Coal
Regions.
Charge Made That Govern
ment Records Were
Falsified. .
Reclamation Fund Provided
_ FrpnrthsSale of Pub- .
lie Lands.
PRftlSES BRAVERY OF THE BOERS
Section? .8- requires State 'control ' over
waters of non-navigable streams, such as'
are used in irrigation. ¦ .
• | Section 6 authorizes the Secretary to'
use the reclamation fund for the Opera
tion'and/maintenance .of • the irrigation
works. . •" I . : •
Section 4 provides for. the letting of con
tracts for the works contemplated fh .sec
tions when the necessary funds are-avail
able In the reclamation fund for such sec
tion, Section 5 provides that "no right to
the use of water for land in private own
ership shall be sold for a tract exceeding
.160 acres to any one land owner, and no
such right shall permanently attach until
all- payments • therefor ¦ are made, and no
such sale.- shall "be made to any land
owner. unless he be an actual. ?bona fide
resident on such land or occupant there
of, residing in the" neighborhood of said
land," '. : • -:
Provision is made for the; payment out
of the treasury of any deficiencies in thq
allowances to agricultural colleges .owing
to this disposition . of public lands. The
Secretary of the Interior is authorized to
examine, survey and construct the irri
gation works and report the cost thereof
to Congress at each sessions
'¦ The bill as passed creates- a reclamation
fund from the sale of public lands la Ari
zona, California, Colorado, Idaho/Kahsas.
Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico;
North Dakota; Oklahoma, Oregon, South'
Dakota, Utah, Washington and Wyoming,'
'less the amount paid to local land offices
5 per cent due the State under exist
ing- Jaws ,for educational purposes, the
reclamation fund to be used for the con
struction and maintenance' of irrigation
works in the States and Territories
enumerated. . j
WASHINGTON/ June 13.— The House
tc-day passed-the irrigation bill by a vote
cf 146 to K.V'Many amendments were, of
fered, but only one, except those offered
by ' ( the committee, was adopted. It was
bi" a. minor character. The bill has al
ready passed, the Senate. • The friends of
the measure greeted the ' announcement,
of its passage with a round of applause.:
? Continued From Page One.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., June 13.— The
campaign of the United Mine Workers
against the engineers, firemen and pump
men Is nearly over, most of these men be-
n The U union is now paying more attention
to the fire bosses, clerks and others who
have taken the places' of those who quit.
Pressure is be£ng brought upon them in
every possibles- way. Quite a number of
fire bosses throughout the region have al
ready stopped work, because they had
been asked to Wake the strikers' places
and at a meeting held here to-day about
a dozen more consented to join tne strik
ers. The Mima-s' Union Is planning to
expel from the organization n £ n f e «" s ;
firemen and pumpmen who have not yet
obeyed the strike order. They^have been
given until to-nu>rrow night to join the
8t READING, Pa-. June C-Another car
load, or workmen.* went through here : for
the coal regions ao-day. Thus far It is
said the PhiladelrCua and Reading Com
pany has secured more than 1000 men,
mostly firemen, engineers and pumpmen.
The provisions for the men are being se
cured In the largo cities and distributed
by the company to- the different operator?.
HUNTINGTON, W. Va.,' June 13.— The
strikers along the Norfolk and Western,
are losing ground lapidly^ At AJsoma,
Indian Ridge and Coopers probably 1000
miners who had been out on strike since
Monday returned to -work to-day against
the pleading of the agitators.
CHICAGO, June 13-— Likelihood of an
other strike of teamst-rs "employed in the
stockyards Increased to-day when it was
announced that twenty-one union drivers
for Swift & Co. had b>sen discharged. No
reason was given for their discharge and
the action of the firm has aggravated the
ill-feeling among the teamsters. No at
tempt was made to-day by the teamsters
to reach an agreement the packers.
GRANTS PASS. Or.. June 13. — Long: Ock. a
Chinese, -wanted at Happy Camp. Cal.. for mur
dering: one of his countrymen about two year*
ago, was arrested here to-day.
Tickets Are Sold for a Hanging.
MONTREAL, June 13. — Thosvald Hen
son was hanged here to-day for the mur
der of Eric Marotte. a nine-year-old boy,
lest autumn, in obtaining spine- change,
17 cents, which the boy was jingling in
his hand. Henson's neck was broken.
Tickets of admission to the execution
were openly sold at prices ranging frora
50 cents to $10.
Hlgginbotham stood with hia left side
to the fountain. The flying metal struck
his arm in many places. The hand was
almost carried away. The muscles were
cut through and arteries laid open.
REDDIXG, June 13.— William Hlggin
botharn was maimed for 4ife by the explo
sion of a large soda^ fountain at the Mad
ison Soda "Works at Red Bluff Wednesday
afternoon. It was only by good fortune
that he was not killed outright. Hlggin
botham was an employe and was engaged
In charging the fountain with gas. The
register worked poorly and the tank De
came overcharged: Suddenly it exploded
with a report which could be heard for
blocks. "The whole metal front was blown
out with great force.
Works.
Bed Bluff Besident Meets With a
Serious Accident in a Soda
FOUNTAIN" EXPLODES
AND INjrrjBES EMPLOYE
CHESTER, Pa.. June 13.— Captain Han
nan Roberts of Port Morris, N. J., and
Mrs. Pluma Halnes of Camden, N. J.,
rwere drowned this afternoon opposite this
city by the capsizing of the sloop Henry
S. Robbins, laden -with oyster shells.
On the boat at the tlnw: of the accident,
besides those above mentioned were Miss
Lizzie: Jones of Camden and Robert Reed
and Charles F. Burton of Port Morris.
The United States launch Cadet, with a
surveying party on boaj-d. was near at
hand and hurried to the rescue, but Cap
tain Robbins and Mrs. Haines had al
ready disappeared. The others were
taken from, the water and conveyed to
this city.
sizes and Captain and a
Woman Sink.
Sloop Laden With Oyster Shells Cap-
TWO LIVES ABE LOST
IN MABIETE DISASTER
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU; June &— Camp McKlnley
is at present having a sensation of small
but entertaining proportions. It has been
discovered that ?290 worth of goods has
disappeared from the stores of the quar
termaster, and an investigation is. now
being made to find aruj punish the guilty,
party.
: The discovery that the igoods had been
taken and that the records concerning
them had been tampered with was made
in the early part of April of this year*
;The matter was investigated and a gen
eral court-martial ordered.
The charge is that of falsifying Gov
ernment records as quartermaster. Lieu
tenant Davis,, who. made the discovery
that , was wrong, found that
the company schedules • did not corre
spond ¦with the abstracts signed by the
officers, and that the figures on these ab
stracts had been changed after they had
been signed by the officers. Clerks may
now have to explain.
An issue of importance is involved lit
a petition for a writ of habeas. corpus in
the case of Ddmingos Ferreria. His
personal liberty was demanded in the
Circuit Court of Judge Gear on ac
count of • his own decision that two
Circuit Court Judges could not hold term
sessions at the same time, Ferreria'a
commitment being made when two courts
were in session. *
Walter G. Smith, editor of the Pacific
Commercial Advertiser, has been re
manded- to Oahu jail to serve out the
sentence of thirty days for contempt of
court, imposed by the Judges of the
Circuit Court last March. Smith's of
fense was the publication of a cartoon,
being a caricature of Judge Gear of the
First Circuit Court, and held to be a
criticism of a pending criminal -trial.
J. A. Hassinger, an old-time resident
of Honolulu, died to-day. He was a na
tive of Philadelphia, 65 years of age. a
Master Mason, and a charter member
of the first Masonic lodge of Hawaii. '
The Board of Health is about to un
dertake some experiments with the X
ray in the treatment of leprosy, also
with the Copenhagen treatment. The use
of the X-ray was suggested by Dr.
George Herbert, who called attention to
the similarity between tubercular leprosy
and other tubercular affeotions of the
skin, which Have been successfully treat
ed with the ray in the Eastern States
and Europe. >
FYTHIANS TO VIEW SAN
JOAQTTIN VALLEY PBODTTCTS
Creditable Display Will Be Mada in
San Francisco During the
Encampment.
FRESNO, June 13.— The San Joaquln
Valley Commercial Association met in
this city to-day. Every county In the
valley with the exception of Stanislaus
was represented.
Contrary to expectations, Fresno's ac
tion in withdrawing from the Los Ange
les exhibition work came in for but little
comment and the visiting delegates pro
ceeded to transact their business as
though no rupture- had occurred.. Enough
•was done to. show .that the valley asso
ciation proposes to "keep up the work in
Los Angeles in spite of Fresno's action.
It-wtts" concede*! 'tfrat^vFresno still re
mained a member 6f the association, not
withstanding . its decision regarding the
exhibit, which was generally regretted.
The discussion centered around the ad
vertising question and everybody ex
pressed opinions as to what should be
done in Los Angeles and in San Francisco
during the coming encampment of the
Knights of Pythias. The valley undr-ubt
edlywill have a creditable display In San
Francisco and the Los Angeles work will
be continued during the coming year.
The next meeting of the- association will
be held in San Francisco some time dur
ing the Knights of Pythias encampment.
Training Ship Chesapeake Floats.
BALTIMORE. Md.. June 13.— The Unit
ed States training ship Chesapeake, which
ran aground on Taylor's Island yesterday,
was floated last night. She was uninjur
ed and is supposed to have proceeded on
her cruise with the first, second and third
classes of naval cadets.
DES MOINKS. Iowa. June 13. — President C.
j Fowler of Haverhill, Mass.. ; was to-day
elected president of the National Holiness As
sociation. Among the vice presidents is J. H.
Smith of Redlands, Cal. .
HOUSE PASSES
IRRIGATION BILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 14, 1902.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It promptly neutralizes the acid in the
blood, on which the disease depends, com-
pletely eliminates it and strengthens thb
syEtem against its return. Try Hood's.
"What is the use of telling the rheumatic
that he feels as if his joints were being
dislocated?
He -knows that his sufferings are very
much like the tortures of the rack.
' "What j| he : wants to know is what will
permanently 'cure his disease. •
That, according to thousands of grateful
testimonials, is / v; r
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Rheumatism
MM iff TJR I JI X0 S aa \ H A S K4 I iQ^
CATHARTIC | --|y/'
Genuine stamped C C C. Never sold in balk.
Beware of. the dealer who tries to sell -
"something: jest as good." ,
Accept no substitute for Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send
21 one cent stamps for the paper covered
book, or 31 stamps for the cloth bound
volume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo. N.Y. - \>
*• It is with pleasure that I tril yon what Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and ' Pellets'
have done for me." writes Mrs. T. M. Palmer, of
Peede, Kaufman Co.. Texas. "Two years ago I
was "taken with stomach sad bowel trouble.
Everything: I ate would put me in- distress. I
lived two weeks on millc and even that gave me
pain. I felt as though I would starve to death.
Three doctors attended me — one said I had dys-
pepsia, tr"o said catarrh of the stomach and
towels. They attended tae (one at a time) for
oiieyear. I stopped taking their medicine and
tried other patent medicine ; got no better, and
I grew so weak and nervous my heart would
flutter. I could not do any kind of work. Now
I can do my house work very well : am gaining
in fiesh and strength, apd can eat anything I
want." - • i
*The square peg in the round hole''
figuratively expresses the use of means
unsuited to the desired end. A great
tnany people who have been cured of
dj-spepsia and other diseases of the stom-
ach and its allied organs of digestion and
nutrition by the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery say : " We tried many
medicines with only temporary benefit.
It was not until we began the use of
'Golden Medical Discovery' that we
found a complete and lasting cure."
It is undoubtedly true that Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery holds the rec-
ord for the perfect and permanent cure
of indigestion and other diseases of the
stomach and associated organs of diges-
tion 2nd nutrition. It is not a palliative.
It cures the cause of disease and builds
up the body with solid healthy flesh, not
flabby f at.
DR. PIEBCE ? S REMEDIES.
jHi^hnl It vi' flirt <?
JT 'THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
the most agreeable and refreshing
water, alone or mixed with wine, etc.
Its moderate alkalinity admirably
counteracts the effects of wine and
By far
I .'California Limited^
I attendUs to yo\ir comfort aavd con-
I veraeivce so tKoroAigMy trv^J: . j
I regret tKe erid ofti\e trip.Every*
convenience oF a. fashionable Kotel -* !
Chica.90 in three days
l ' cJ * **^
j City Ticket Office * 641 -Market St. 'MYSTIC SHRINERS AND LADIES ENJOY MOST DELIGHTFUL
TRIP TO DECOTO, SAN JOSE AND STANFORD UNIVERSITY
George Filmer. . S. W. , Moores. J. W. Hum
phreys, A. J. De Lamare. J. D. Abrams, Rob
ert Ash. G. E. Bacon.. E. R. 'Bryant, W. J
Blaln, ' O. H. Boye, ¦ G. • E. Bushnell. H R"
Browne, W. T. Crossman, W. P. Filmer Fred
Gehret, R. L. Hathorn. William Glindemann
H. S. Hutchings, P." Jacobovlcs, C.- Jelllnek J*
G. Liebold. G. W. Lippman, F. S. Lafferty' J
JaegeltnsvA.* S.< Mangrum, D.-R. Martens' s!
Myrson.W.G.^ Mobley. S. W. Ottenheimen S
K. Overgaard, F.- O. Raabe. G. -H. Rathbun'
Ed Stephenson. A. W. Turpln. George Thomp
son.. Thomas Trebell." CM'. Trbppmann Wil
liam Thomas, C. H. A r an Orden and A. B
Wood. ¦
"The instrumental selections "for the
evening were:
Mrs. A. W. McKenzle. Dr. Edna R. Field,
Mrs. W. H. Titus, Mrs. T. L. Hill. Mrs. H. T.-
Graves, Mrs. John Bennett. Mra. ' H. Ashcrof t,
Mrs ' R. P Hurlbut, MrsC C. - G. Kenyon. Mrs.
B. P.. Flint. Mrs. J. K. Firth. Mrs. A. • W.
Scott, Mrs. W. Lutz, Mrs. S. Hendy. Mrs. Mar
tin Johns, Mrs. O. T. Westphal. Mrs. William
Cluff Mrsl J. M. Peel, Mrs., Theodore Relcji
art, Mrs. J. M. Spauldlng. Mrs. C. S. Benedict,
Mrs. George Armstrong, Mrs. George Graham,
Mrs. J. C. Campbell.' Mrs.- A. W. Baldwin,
Mrs. Carroll Cook, Mrs. F. W. Sumner. Mrs.
A. B. McDonnell. Mrs. George Clark, Mrs. F.
W. Marsten. 'Mrs. J. H. Bruce. Mrs. Samuel
Shortridge and Mrs. W. D. , Keysrton. j
The floor manager was C. J. Kenyon,
assisted by R. F.' Kimball, George H.
Plppy and Frank W. Marston.
All members of Islam Temple were on
the reception ¦ committee. The lloor com
mittee, composed - of the Arab Patrol
Islam Temple, was as . follows :
Excellent | music . was furnished by two
bands, one under the direction- of Noble
George W. Bennett and Alfred Ronco
vieri. The members of Islam Temple,
who had the affair, in charge,' proved
themselves capable managers.
The following ladies . acted as patron
esses of tne. ball: ... ." , . ...
The grand march was led by Dr. C. G.
Kenyon and Mrs. A. W. Scott, who wore
a gown of shimmering white silk. Next
in line was Imperial Pptentate Henry C.
Akin and • his partner, Mrs. George F.
Graham, and they were followed by Il
lustrious Potentate Charles Murphy of
Islam Temple and his lady. There were
so many couples in the march that the
lino extended . several times around the
hall. Every seat in the lower portion of
the immense hall was filled, and it was
estimated that there were 1200 couples on
the floor at one time.
PRETTY women from almost
every . State in the Union and
VNebles prominent in the Order
of the Mystic Shrine cHased the
hours with flying feet last night
at .the . grand ball given in
Mechanics! Pavilion in honor of
the Imperial Council. . It is doubtful if
Mechanics'. Pavilion ever before In its
eventful history contained such a splen
did crowd. When the band struck up the
music for the grand march fully 1000 No
bles with their ladies were in line. The
grand ' mar.ch, y with , its long array of
pretty women, gayly attired, and Shriners
wearing fezzes, made an exceptionally
brilliant scene. -The beauty of the scene
was materially enhanced by the lavish
decorations which adorned the interior of
the Immense Pavilion.
Overture, "Orpheus" (Offenbach): scenes
from "Carm*n" (Bizet); solo for xylophone.
S. Samuel; selection. "Wizard of the Nile"
(Herbert): patrol. "Blue and Gray" (Dalby»:
march. "Vienna Spirit" (Korasuk); George W.
Bennett, director.
The programme of dances follows:
Grand march and waltz; promenade. entre»
de procession. "La. Reine de Saba." (Gounoili;
two-step, promenade, "The American Patrol"
(Meacham); waltz, promenade, negro oddity,
"Black America" (Ziegel); lancer*, promenade.
Chilean dance. "-"Manana" (Missud); two-step,
promenade, medley of latest popular airs (Wit
mark); waltz, promenade march, "The- Yankee
Hustler" (Hon. Eugene. E. St-hmltz. Mayor of
San .Francisco); two-step, promenade, pizzica
to polka (Strauss); waltz, promenade, idyll.
"Mill in the .Forest" (Eilenberg); two-step.
promena.de. nutmeg dance ("Witmark):" lancers,
promenade, march. "La Fiesta" (Roncovlerl).
Pythian Knights Elect Officers.
XVILLIAMS, Ariz.; June 13.— The Grand
Lodge <jf the Knights of Pythias of Ari
zona finished its labors yesterday by
electing the following officers: Grant!
chancellor,^. W.. Aitkins, Prescott: grand
vice chancellor, Gus A. Hoff, Tucson;,
grand prelate, J. C. Evans, Globe; grand
keeper of records and seal, John D.
Loper, Mesa; grand master of exchequer.
J. Salgman, Williams: grand master of
aims. J. J. Bowen.. Bisbee: grand Inner
guard, Ed I. Gale, Flagstaff; grand outer
gvard. John Kelly, Clifton: grand trus
tees—T. H. Sabin. Mesa; E. W. Britzel,
Congress; A. E. Ealy, - Kingman : repre
sentatives to Supreme Lodge— Judge Wel
ister Street, Phoenix; George H. Schue
man, Prescott. The next Grand Lodso
will be held In Yuma.
Status of Santa Fe Strika.
LOS ANGELES, June 13.— The striking
Santa Fe - railroad shops" boiler-makers
at San Bernardino, Needles and Sellg
man have issued a statement of tho
status of the strike, accompanied by a
declaration that the boiler-makers will
not give in though tho strike is not set
tled for a year. At the headquarters of
the railroad it is givea out that the strike
is a closed incident, so far as the railroad
company is concerned: that the movement
has run its course and the strikers have
lost. The strikers, hoover, maintain
that the imported boiler-makera are fast
deserting the company and joining their
ranks and that the railroad is badly crip
pled for the want of competent men to
repair the locomotive boilers.
Rogers Held.
SANTA CRUZ. June 13.— Rev. James I*.
Rodgers, the former Baptist minister,
who renounced the Christian faith and
became a Mohammedan, was this after
noon held to answer to the charge of
arson. Sheriff Besse testified at the hear
ing that Rodgers had confessed to him
that he started the recent incendiary fire
at the Natural Bridge dairy ranch.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. June 13. — There win be
no strike of Iron moldera'ln this city, the Joint
committee of officers and workmen having
reached an amicable agreement.
\
Mechanics' Pavilion a Scene of Beauty on
the Occasion of the Brilliant Shriner
/Ball, Which Is Attended by Hundreds
•' The Republican Mutual Alliance will
organize a club in the twenty-eighth
Assembly district at- 14 Third street
this evening. Chief Deputy Martin Kelly
hints •¦at music and refreshments. ¦ •
THe. Paris will of the late Jose Guardi
ola, ' the South American j multi-inlllion'
aire' who . died j at the ¦ French capital';' a
few months ago,- was admitted ; to- pVo
bate by. Judge Troutt yesterday. Sigf
mvnd Greenebaum of the London, -Paris
Greenebaum Is Appointed.
•¦•* ; The l Merchants' '". Exchange . has .received\ad
vices that the British steamer Lady Joicey,
from ' New York for Valparaiso, ' is ashore - at
Fortesque Bay/ Straits of Magellan. The steam
er ! is believed-to- be* unsalvable.- - . ¦
Steamer Lady ; Joicey, Is. Ashore.
Captain- of Detectives "Martin -enter-./
tained, C. G. Gillespy, assistant chief of
police of St. 'Louis, ; Mo., -and' Officers
Dixpn and. Thompson and- several friends
at a. luncheon 'in; a downtown-restaurant
yesterday and a' couple' of | hours'' were
pleasantly spent.'. The three offlcers.be-'
long to Moolah .Temple.v Mystic Shriners,
and are. exceedingly gratified at the -' cor
dial reception extended to them. Th'ey
are also Knights .Templar, and will be
here at the conclave of that organization
in'1904. ,..'.. .... ,
Enter'tained at , Luncheon.
Many Interesting- Tests Held at An-
nual Session of Oral Surgeons
". ; , ';' ';•;• in This City.
The California Dental Association, which
has been in session for several days past,
adjourned yesterday afternoon after on$
of -the most successful conventions held
by. the "-association. The following, officers
were, elected for. the ensuing year :*
• President, Dr. : F. L. Platt ; first vice.presi
dent, : Dr. -L. Van Orden; second vice president,
Dr.-W.'j. Taylor of Sacramento; third vice
president. Dr. W. A. Knowles; recording secre
tary, Dr. C. E. Post; corresponding secretary.
Dr. O.' -P." Roller; treasurer, Dr. Thomas N.
Iglehart.-. . ' -., *¦.''-
During the convention many interesting
tests > were made j and new . and improved
appliances in dental science were exhib
ited. " Among those who took active parts
in: exhibiting new inventions' and late
methods were: J. Loren Pease. C. E. Post,
L. Van .Orden t Amy G. Bowen, A. F.
Merriman Jr., 'F. L. Platt, F. G. Balrd
W. F. * Lewis and A. H. Wallace. '
-•After .numerous, discussions, scientific
tests and debates,, the convention con
cluded.-with a, literary, and musical pro
gramme.- : ¦ : ¦
~ "~ A .handsome souvenir for our visitors. This
week's 'Wasp.' San Francisco Shriners' ' parade
illustrated; CO pages.: AH news stands. 25 cents.*
Tbre banquet at the Pavilion promises
to be a brilliant affair. The committee
has arranged for covers for 2000, and not
withstanding a report to the contrary,
hQndreds of ladies will be present.
Charles II. Murphy, potentate of Tslam
Temple... will act a.-z toastmasler. Henry
C. Akin, the newly elected imperial po-
The Shriner festival x:omes to a close
with the bay excursion this morning and
the banquet at the Pavilion this evening.
Many of the representatives have already
left the city and more will journey to
their homes to-day. By Monday or.Tues
day the last of the pilgrims will have de
parted this oasis for those of the East
and the events of the week will have
become memoriesr- - -~
The arrangements for the excursion to
day have, been perfected and the signs
point to a highly successful trip on the
bay. Three, boats have been chartered
for the occasion, the' Newark, which
leaves the Oakland slip at 9:30 a. m., the
San Pablo, which leaves the Santa Fe
slip at the same hour, and the Frisbie,
which will leave Mission wharf with the
members of the Imperial Council at a
corresponding hour.
The steamers will go as far as the Gol
den Gate, and returning, to Alcatraz and
Angel islands, and the navy station on
Goat Island will be visited in turn. Each
boat will have a band and refreshments
will be provided for the excursionist*.
Bay Excursion and Banquet.
Shriner Festivities Close To-Day With
END IS AT HAND.
address; the diners, on "Our Country-
There will be other speakers whose iden
tity, has not been disclosed. '
DENTAL ASSOCIATION
'. ; .COMPLETES ITS "WORK
Melish of Cincinnati will speak : on < the
subject "Mystic and . Other- Shrines."
Caleb B. Saunders of Atlanta, Ga. f will
and American Bank was appointed ad
ministrator, his bonds being, fixed at $200,
000. Bradley" & McKinstry are the attor
neys for Greenebaum, and successfully
opposed the admission of a will made 1 by
Guardiola in this city many years ago.
- Manhattan Cocktail; Bouillon en "Tasse,
Olives,- Radishes: Filet of Sole a la Marguery,
Pommes Parlslenne, Sauterne ; . Lamb : Chops
Braised aux Pettts Pols, Asparagus auBeurre;
Roman Punch; Roast Chicken au Cresson,' Ro
maine Salad, Claret; Strawberry Ice Cream, As
sorted Cakes; Fruits, Cheese, Water Wafers,
Cigars, Cafe, \ Cognac. .
The banquet of -the San Mateo Volun
teer Fire Department; given at Hotel Ma
teo on Thursday night, was a decided
success. All of the members. were present
and also the local Supervisors and town
oflicials. The banquet'- room was . elabo
rately-'decorated with, roses, and candel
abra. A number of clever speeches were
given and were enthusiastically received.
The menu was as follows: •
Volunteers and Guests to Enjoy
Pleasant Evening. >
Speeches and Witty, Remarks Help
SAN MATEO FIRE-FIGHTERS
ENJOY > FINE BANQUET
tentate, will respond • to the toast "The'
Imperial Council." ~ Samuel M. Shortridge
will speak on "California" and. William B.
Excursionists Dine at Leading Hotels iri; San Jose, and After Brief
Stay in the Garden Gity, the Shrine : rs iRfoeeed to Palo Alto,
Where an Inspection of Stanford University Is Enjoyed
SCENES WITNESSED ON -THE WISHBONE EXCURSION OF THE MYSTIC SHRINERS AND THEIR LADIES
AROUND THE BAY YESTERDAY,) ON WHICH THE 'MASONIC HOME AT' DECOTO. SAN JOSE AND STAN
FORD UNIVERSITY AT. PALO ALTO WERE VISITED. ' :>. .^' •
The Stanford University was reached at
l:4u p. m. On the arrival of the excursion
party at the campus they were met by a
The first stop was made at " Decoto,
\yhere the Masonic Home is located. The
Hhriners were greeted here by the Ma
sonic home juvenile band of twelve
pieces, the eldest of the players being
•sixteen and the youngest nine years of
age. The appearance of the lads in their
Bsttjr uniform and the spirited manner
in which they manipulated their instru
ments captured the pilgrims to' the de
61-f-e that when one Shriner suggested
that a collection be taken up for the lads,
**;" 3 - was collected within five minutes.
W hen told that the members of the band
y-ere orphans and that their fathers had
been Masons the Shriners . emptied tneir
loose change into a couple of hats and
wished the little fellows godspeed. The
money was taken m charge by Potentate
Murphy who will remit the -collection to
the superintendent of the home to-day.
, " b f n . the train arrived fit Niles it was
boarded by a committee from San Jose,
including President V. A. Schiller of the
feanta Clara Improvement Club. George B
McKee, J \\. Chase, E. J. WIlcox, M.
OBrten J. R Rucker. L. M. Spitzer. A.
H. Bettens, T c. Barnett, A. E. Wilder
and Captain A B. cash. The committee
extended the freedom of the city, to the
visiting Shriners and did all in its power
tO ? n ., de < rJ£ e «;' 1 ?i. t °l the P'terlms to the
Garden spot of the Santa Clara. valley a
pleasant one. . /
The excursionists lunched at the Ven
0ome and St. James hotels. Few took the
trouble to go up town after dining, but
xeiurned to the train and occupied their
places until the start for Palo Alto was'
made at 1 o'clock. The Santa Clara Im
provement Club had in the meanwhile
placed a box of cherries in every seat and
H-.is luscious fruit served as excellent des
sert to the Shriners.-
DECOTO IS VISITED.
The start was made at 8:30 o'clock' from
the foot of Market street. Nobles of
Islam Temple were on hand to guide the
•visiting Shriners so that no hitch oc
curred. At the Oakland mole a train of
eleven coaches and baggage car awaited
the pilgrims, and with an average of 50
passengers to the car the start lor De
coto was made at 9:10. Among ihe party
•were representatives of twenty temples,
end with their ladies they made a hand
tome showing. The Interests of the ex
cursionists were in the hands of Charles
H. Murphy, potentate of Islam Temple,
and . Nobles Dr. Frank C. Pague and
George F. Neal. The comforts of the
jjassengers were capably looked after by
I J aul Shoup. division passenger cgent of
the Southern Pacific. No detail to that
end was overlooked so that the journey
s round the bay proved to be highly satis
factory to all concerned.
superb. These qualities . con
tributed to make the affair one ol pleas
ure to all who participated therein.
THE "wishbone" . excursion
around the bay proved to be a
delightful treat to 550 Shriners
yesterday. The railway service
was excellent, the accommoda
tions ample and the weather
The excursion train arrived at Third
and Townsend streets at 6:30 o'clock,
nearly two hours behind schedule time.
All of the Shriners aboard expressed
themselves as being heartily satisfied
with their trip.
In addition to those named a committee
of Palo Alto Masons, consisting of J. W.
Roller. Charles W. Decker, John T. Bix
bee and T. H. Goodman, assisted in ren
dering the visit of the Shriners entertain
ing. The chapel was visited by the pil
grims in a body and Organist Scott
Brooke gave a delightful- organ concert.
Following this were visits to the Stanford
museum, the stock farm and other points
of interest about the universiy. The arch
depicting the dawn and development of
civilization was greatly admired and
many snapshots of the imposing pile were
taken. The building operations going on
at Stanford were inspected by the Shrin
ers, and when the train steamed away
from the place the Palo Alto folk were
cheered in appreciation of the courtesies
shown the visitors. ,
PILGRIMS AT STANFORD.
committee of the Palo Alto Board* of
Trade, consisting- of Fernando Sanford,
George R. Parkinson, J. J. Morris, A. S.
Ferguson and Marshal Black, and es
corted about the grounds. Assisting- the
committee was a committee of co-eds,
composed of the following-named young
ladies: Anna Barrett. Maud Peterson,
Jennie Roller, Chita Kraft, Emily Rey
nolds, Anna Spencer, Florence Baldwin,
Agnes Ritchie, Grace Bruckman, Jennie
Beal, Blanche Mobley and Mabel Charles.
Party of Pilgrims Numbering Nearly Six
Hundred Spends Day in a Taur Through
Fertile Counties Adjacent to the Bay
THE -\SAN-- FRANCISCO CABL, A TURD A^yrJUNE ;14, 19 ° 2 - W,
3Judge Kerrigan granted"- a \ motion for ' a
new trial yesterday in the suit of . Bertha
Coulter against the Chicago' and Alton
Railroad, on ithe ground that the verdict
of $250 damages awarded Mrs. \ Coulter
was, not Justified by the evidence.- ..**{.'
Grants Motion for New Trial.
Three horses . belonging to ' George
Howes, who conducts a transfer busi
ness from 508 Jones street, were seized'
and condemned by the officers of • the So
ciety for. the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals. yesterday. . It, is alleged by .Sec
retary Holbrook that: the animals, were
both ill fed- and abused. •
Officers Seize Abused Horses.
$40 first class, including berth and
meals, San Francisco to Seattle, Tacoma,
Vancouver, Victoria, Everett, New What
com and return, allowing passengers am
ple, time to go ashore and visit' the va
rious points of interest. For full informa
tion apply at Pacific Coast .' Steamship
Company's ticket office, 4 New Montgom
ery street^
Low Excursion Kates— 1 1 Days' Trip.
The run of the Automobile Club of T Cal
ifornia to Niles Canyon to meet the auto
mobllists of San Jose, which was set for
to-morrow, has been postponed.
Auto Bun tb Nlies Postponed.
Sam Heller, and a friend secured the
limit of twenty trout at Lake Lagunltas
some days since. ¦
Jeff ¦ Wells is settled at Boca, where he
will remain some time.
The anglers who went far afield during
the Decoration day holidays returned
with empty creels. It snowed in the
Sierras and rained in the- lower levels.
The season is unusually late at all the re
sorts. The only consolation the anglers
have Is that the trout are waxing fat in
the streams and will provide rare sport
for some brothers of the angle later on.
Fishing for smelts at Sausalito has pro
vided good sport for the men who enjoy
bay fishing. E. L. Goodman, James Watt,
T. Rothschild, George Haas and J. A.
Pariser had a successful day last Sunda/.
Mr. Goodman was high hook with fifty
five. They were all of good size and were
taken on the Incoming tide.
•M. Mattiveich has returned from a
three -weeks' outing at Sims, on the up
per Sacramento. The. first week was too
cold fo& flyfishing, but the sport has been
gradually improving. •
¦ James Watt, Sam Heller and E. A
Stacy go to "Le Moyne to-day for the fish
ing. '
Mark Goodman caught twenty- five good
sized trout at Floristan, on the Truckee
some days since. He fished from 4 pm'
to 6:30. He reports the water getting bet
ter every day. • -
While taking lake trout spawn In Lake
Tahoe recently the net of the Fish Cam
mission's deputies Included some Macki
naw trout In their haul. These fish, which
iwere planted four years ago, have at
tained a grewth of from six to ten
pounds. ..They were returned to the lake.
Seme were taken In Fallen Leaf Lake
last year weighing eight pounds.
They require* cold water, which makes
them suitable for the limpid streams of
the high Sierras. Once In the stream
they stay there, as they are pot of a
migratory habit. , *
by the California State Fish Com
mission. The members of the board have
decided to pay particular attention here
after to the development of" Eastern
brook trout. , It has been found these fish
thrive in a smaller body of water than do
any other variety now here.
MORE than 4,000,000 trout will be dis
tributed in the public waters of the
State during the next few months
7. Los Angeles in second place seems to
have, lost heart to a certain degree, but
still the Southern team is a strong one
dhd with a little more team .work and
less individual starring, should rapidly
.advance, on the leaders. If Jackson,, the
.New <• York fielder whom Morley has
signed, can bat in any kind of form, he
will be a source of, great strength to the
.Angels.'
' 6an -Francisco is showing -up better at
present than at any time during the sea
son. Team work is more apparent and
the 'boys are hlttkig better' and putting
more life and ginger into '. their work.
Shugart at second is playing a first class
game while Reilly at third is there in. old
time form, a little better, If anything.
When Shay and Parrot- arrive,; the Ponie3
are sure to be in the race.' A couple of
more series of games will ! undoubtedly
make a decided change in their percent
age. ¦ ' - ¦
. Sacramento still rides on the • end of
the. league wagon and unless something
In the nature of, a miracle turns up the
Senators will be carrying the. target for
keeps. They seem to have lost heart and
never get Into, the game with the fighting
determination which means success in the
baseball world. However, the national
sport is uncertain at all times and with
a streak of good luck and some new play
ers, Fisher's team may possibly spring a
surprise on the fans.
When old "Tacka" Parrot dons' a Pony
'uniform for the first time the fans will
have a chance to give a hand to- one' of
the favorites of the ancient days. Parrot
was once a star pitcher and first base
man. He did stunts on the Haighl street
grounds twelve years ago. .
Mike Fisher's maneuvers in the East
will be watched with interest by 'the 'en
tire local baseball ¦ world. Mike is doing
the search act on the quiet • and is said
to be offering big money to induce East
ern stars to flee to the sunny clime of
California. Mike is keeping t quite and
probably has. a sensation to spring. •
Many experts who . know the game say
that old Bill Devereaux'' is responsible
for the success of the Oakland Club.
Devereaux certainly deserves a whole lot
of credit, for without .his gingery work
and. funny talk the. team, and. in factthe
league, .would be badly off. Bill is a fa
vorite wherever he plays.-. -; ¦• ¦
' progress for'the past six weeks. The
Oaklands are still the headlines. From
indications they will retain their
exalted position for many moons to come.
Notwithstanding their crippled condition,
they play just good enough" to win and
as long as they can cut out the pace they
are in no immediate danger of being over
hauled. ¦-:-'.. . , . , . .
* I 'HE race for first honors in the Cal-
I . Ifornla Baseball League goes along
''* "at the same clip that has marked Its
Fish Commissioners Have
More than Four Million
to Put in Public Waters
E wing's Men : Retain a Big
• ; Lead, Which Will Be Most
Difficult to Overcome
TROUT READY
FOR ANNUAL
DISTRIBUTION
LEAGUE CLUBS
ARE STILL IN
SAME PLACES
Mike Nealon has sold Pat Freedom,
Fred Freedom and Parader to F. Farrar
of Butte; Montana. • . .
George Sharman has won two stakes at
Los Angeles wi.th Butte City. This grey
hound is by Happy Butte-Kitty Scott.
Julius Horn's Bona has whelped, a lit
ter of puppies to Master Rocket.
Pasha Kennels now posses ' the ' great
greyhound Wave. For the past two
years she has^ headed the list of. brood
bitches. By Skyrocket she whelped Lux
or; Young America and Candelarla. By
Emin Pasha • she ¦ had Slsqiioc, Rude
Awakening, Olita and Ripple. By Rusty
Gold she produced O'Hara, Granada," For
est King and Forest Queen. She was
mated twice with Fortuna Favente. The
first litter died and of the second there
are only two .alive. Wave Is eight years
old. - • • ;_/ •
H. H. Lyon, of Los Angeles, has bought
the big white dog Warship front George
Sharman. He also bought from the same
owner Firm Fellow, and Gold Bug,
both by Firm Friend. - ; \. .''.
Bartels Bros, have taken their kennel
from Texas to their home in Denver.
They started in twelve stakes in. the Lone
Star State, of which they won eight 'and
finished second in two others. -
A. R. Curtis has sold Wapsee by Syl
vanus-Systematic, to L. Corder of > Los
Angeles. , • '" '
Europa has whelped a litter of puppie3
to Fine Fire of which much is expected.
Europa is a sister to Dewdrop and has
.never. t>een coursed. She comes • of good
stock. Fine Fire's first puppies are show
:n«? high class form. The fact of Eurbpa
never having been- coursed is thought" to
bo greatly in her favor. '
Reserve stake— Peerless, Partial Eclipse,
Crockett Hill, Blonde Beauty, Arbacus, Aeneas,
Lavender and Rollicking Airs.
Puppy stake— Miranda, Nlobe, Vina. Conroy.
Genevleve, Consort, Cosette, Maid o 1 . the Glen,
Flora Belle, Creswlck and Chilly Knight./ *t\
Special Btake — Master Rocket, Wedgewood,
Sir Pasha, Tralee Boy, Cascade, Fenii, Sacra
mento .Boy, Santonin, Golden Garter, Narcis
sus, Rural Artist, Palo Alto, Roman Athlete,
Ireland, Silver Cloud and Homer Boy."
Class Reserve stake — Money Musk, Red Pep
per, Minnie Sankey, White Hat, i*rompto, Lit
tle Sister. Aeolus, Little May, ¦ Bad Boy, 'Pilre
Pearl, Cloud Burst, Belle- Rocket, Gambit,
Woodcock Boy, Real Aristocrat and Miss
Brummel. '
Independence Day holidays. The
chief attraction will be the Ladies' Day
Champion stake which will be decided on
Sunday, July 6th. This is expected to. at
tract all the fast greyhounds, as it Is one
of the rich stakes of the year. The pro
gramme for the meeting will be a varied
one, all classes of dogs being afforded
an opportunity to win money.
This week's special stake at Union Park
attracted, among other entries, Palo Al
to, Sacramento Boy, Homer Boy, Roman
Athlete and other fleet • dogs. Five
stakes in. all are down for decision to
day' and, to-morrow. The likely winners
in all except the consolation stake look
to be:
A THREE days' meeting has' been
planned by the directors of Union
Coursing Park to extend over the
Scheduled for the Inde
pendence ., Day Holidays
Three^ Days of Coursing
LEASHMEN HAVE
AN AMBITIOUS
MEET PLANNED
The Rev. Mr. Guthrte has played on the
local courts several times during the week
and surprised the cracks by the game he
put up. At one time he held the doubles
championship of Scotland with his broth
er. Mr. Guthrie has an English, style and
in a short time will play an excellent
game. . - , \
Reuben Hunt, the crack player of the
University of California, left for the East
last, month. Hunt will defend his title to
the championship of the Gulf States,
which he won last year.
The match between Miss Hunter and
Mrs. Kincaid of Alameda for the Gutte
Cup was postponed until next Tuesday.
Miss Hunter has already won the tro
phy twice, and needs to win but once
more. She will have to play her best to
win from Mrs. Kincaid, as she is playing
a strong game of late. • . * ¦ .
Drummond MacGavin is practising hard
for the coming events. He will play with
Smith again this year, and as the Whit
ney brothers have, played but little in the
past year the former are considered to
have a good chance of wresting the
championship honors from, the brothers.
Mrs. Kincaid, a member of the Califor
nia Tennis Club, who took part in the
Ojal Valley tournaments, says May Sut
ton, the coast champion, is the only one
>of the sisters who has shown muoh im
provement over last year. The little
champion plays more accurately and with
more speed. She is sure to carry off the
honors again this year.
The coast' championship events this
year will be by far the largest and. most
important events ever held on the coast.
This will be especially so in the women's
events. Besides the Suttons . and Sey
mours from Southern California, Miss
Dobbins and Miss Schumaker; two young
ladies equally skillful, will be on hand.
The mixed doubles tournament inaugu
rated, last year will .probably be the most
interesting event of the meeting. Bell, the
Southern California champion, will play
with Miss Schumaker, and Mr. Variel,
who with May -Sutton holds the mixed
doubles championship of OJai Valley,
will also take part. Sihsabaugh and Vio
let Sutton, the Southern California cham
pions, will compete.
The park courts are in poor condition at
present. The loose clay was swept oft!
during the. week and the courts are 'full
of holes. Instead of this method of re
pair the courts should have been
well watered and rolled and" then packed
with oil. It will be some time before they"
will be in shape, . as those in charge
seem, inexperienced in the handling of
clay courts.
The scratch singles tournament for the
championship- of the State will be played
on the 2d, 3d and 4th of July. At a meet
ing of the Pacific States Lawn Tennis
Association held last Tuesday it was de
cided the present champion would have
to play in the tournament and not stand
out as in the coast championships. As
there is no challenge cup up this was the
only course left open to the association.
The application of Golden Gate Park
Tennis Club for admission to the asso
ciation was granted. The new club has a
large membership list, which will entitle
it to several delegates. There are al
ready seventy-five members in the club,
and it is safe to say that there will soon
be two hundred. . ¦ :
ers are out of town by June and the
attendance is light, but this year the
courts are occupied most of tne time dur
ing the week. The cracks will be seen on
the San Rafael courts on Sundays from
now on. All the championship events
will be held on these courts, and as the
weather and surroundings are different
from those in this city, the players will
need considerable practice to become ac
customed to them. Collier, Crowell, Mac-
Gavin, Mitchell, Salisbury, Pratt and
Smith will go across the bay to-morrow.
UNUSUAL activity marks the play
on the tennis courts for this time of
the year. Usually most of the. play-
The Dolphins are displaying a great deal
of activity. Last Sunday Alex W. Pape
was busy coaching F. J, Sherrv In the
outrigged skiff, while W. O. Patch in
structed Frank Curry. On the 22d inst.
the races for the medals offered by Presi
dent J.S. Earls will be held. Among the
oarsmen who are practicing are Lester
Hammersmith, T. R. Keenan, Frank Cur
ry „ A. W. Pape, F. J. Sherry and W. O.
Patch.
Leander Stevenson is coaching an Inter
mediate and a junior barg-e crew or the
Ariels for the championship regatta. The
intermediate four are Charles Wilson
bow; E. J. Lynch, No. 5; Edwin Smith,
No. 3/ and Alex Keegan, stroke. The jun
ior barge crew consists of Harry Thomp
son, bow; William McKee, No. 2; Matt
Brady, No. 3, and. Edward Murphy,
stroke. The club coxswain is Eddie Flan
ders, son of Eugene Flanders, who was
one of the organizers of the club. He has
been its secretary for thirty years. Ed-'
ward Murphy, stroke of the junior crew,
has recently joined the Ariels, having pre
viously been an active member of the Pio
neer Club.
Paradise Cove last Sunday. Among the
craft at anchor were the flagship Edna,
the sloops Speedwell, Mischief, Freda,
Genesta, Fleetwingr, Truant, Belle, Pres
to, Arrigoand Aeolus; the yawls Frolic
end Nereid; the San Francisco yachts
Phyllis, Anita and Rover, and the Cali
fornia yachts A?ert and . Occident.
The California yacht Pactolus will
start to-day for a trip up ' the
Sacramento River, and will meet the
rest of the California fleet at Martinez
on the 21st. / -' .. - :
S. J. Pembroke is trying Robert Varncy
on number 3's thwart in the Olympic
barge. Several Olymplc'men were out on
Sunday at Belvedere, among them A.
Hampton, Percy Burr, S. J/Pembroke and
A. Bullion. '
The Alameda intermediate crew consists
of Roy Pollard, bow; C. G. Ayers. No. 2;
Edward Edwards, No. 3; Sydney Pollard,
stroke and Charles Floyd, coxswain.
The junior crew consists of Gfeorge Bott
schieder, bow; J. Levy, 'No. 2; George
Bchroeder, No. 3;' A. C. Webb, stroke, and
Bert Cameron, coxswain.
In the intermediate barge race at the
Lake Merritt regatta there will be. three
entries— the Ariel, Alameda and South
End crews. In the junior barge race there
will ba five entries— from the Alameda,
Ariel, South End Dolphin and Olympic
clubs. The Alameda senior crew, the pres
ent holders of the championship,' consists
of George Lewis, bow; E. ,B. Thorning,
No. 2; Jack Lewis, No. 3; F. W. Ayers,
stroke, and Bert Cameron, coxswain. This
is the same crew as last year, except E. B.
Thorning takes the place. of W. O.-Han
sen.
Permission has been granted the Ariel
and Pioneer oarsmen, who have no quar
ters, to use the South End boathouse. The
South End Rowing Club, knowing its days
at the foot of Third street are numbered,
is creating a fund for moving its boat
house. ; ' '
Nat Berger is pulling regularly in the
outrigged skiff and will probably enter the
Lake Merritt regatta. The intermediate
barge crew of the South Ends Is made up
of Ed Pallas, Sam Berger, .Frank- Pallas
and Matt Harris. The junior barge crew
consists of James P. Foley, Ed Wolff, Dr.
C. C. Dennis" and J. Pallas. Among the
recent additions to the South End Club is
Frank Baker, an Australian, who has had
considerable experience in rowing.
The South End Rowing Club will also
probably enter a crew in the senior barge
race. No crew is in training yet at the
Third-street boathouse, but several senior
men go out together practicing and are
making efforts to get a crew together. The
South End Club will hold tryouts to-mor
row of barge crews and single scullers.
The Portland, Dolphin and Alameda
clubs will be represented in the senior
barge race. The Portland visitors will
use the boathouse of the University of
California on .Sessions Basin as their
headquarters, and a barge will be loaned
them by one of the local clubs.
PREPARATIONS are jcoing on apace
for the Independence day regatta on
Lake Merritt. The event bids fair
to prove highly successful.
John Twigg & Sons, ,who con
structed the cup winner The. Challenger,
axe at work upon the new launch for T\
JL Hyde. The hull Is finished. It is of
white cedar, with oak ribs, keel arid
coaming. The model Is long and narrow,
being designed especially for high speed.
She will be fitted with a 35-borsepower
engine, and is expected to be the fastest
launch in the United States. Every bolt
in her Is of copper, and her large tank
Is of the same metal. When' going at
full speed In rough water she will be
battened down, and her steersman "will
occupy a little conning tower, as the
decks- will be awash. .Her 7 owner will
use her in the bay. He will also have her
taken down to Santa Catalina Island for
use during: a visit there.
The California Yacht Club "cruised to
Sheep Island last Saturday night; arriv
ing about 10 o'clock. Eleven boats and
more than sixty yachtsmen made the
trip. The yachts were the flagship Thel
ira, the sloops Pactolus, Secret, Jessie E,
Aloha, Flirt, Catherine, Hope and Amy
the yawl Bachelor and the launch Alert!
The yawl Gypsle cruised to the rendez
vous on Sunday morning, but did not drop
anchor. The «loop Dixie met the fleet
on Ita return. On Sunday morning: the
creek sailors enjoyed clam chowder pre
pared by the crew of John T. Carrier's
¦loop Jessie E. The fleet left on the
homeward trip about 3:39 p. m., encoun
tering light winds. The yawl Pilgrim has
once more been enrolled In the California
Club. J. Stewart has bought the new
sloop Hazel S.
At a meeting of the ; Calif ornia Yacht
Club held on Wednesday night the dele
gates to the Pacific Interclub Yacht As
sociation* were instructed to attend the
next meeting of the association, the club
being willing to contribute 4an ampunt
not exceeding $10 toward the expenses of
the annual regatta. The directors of the
California Yacht Club are disposed to re
main in the association and to- support its
regattas, though they: do riot expect to
capture the first prizes in any of the
classes.
The yawl Tramontana, with Harry
Eimpklns, W. M. Edgell and two friends,
cruised to Vallejo last Saturday, return-
Ing to her moorings at Sausalito at 9
p. m. Sunday after a pleasant sail.
The Sausalito yachtsmen are again an
noyed by large quantities of petroleum
from the tanks of the railroad company.
They are trying to get a town ordinance
passed prohibiting the company from
iouling the water. ..••'*¦¦ «¦
On the 22d Inst. the San Francisco
Yacht Club will hold a men»bers' day at
the clubhouse, Sausalito. The arrange
ments are in charge of a committee con
sisting of Commodore R. S. Bridgman,
Vice Commodore A. C. Lee, Secretary W.
M. Edgell, W. W. Haley, R. D. Noble and
A. R. Hasklns. There •will be a pro
gramme of nautical and aquatic sports.
Including swimming, tub, canoe and yawl
races, a mast-climbing contest, walking
the greasy pole, a tug-of-war between
men In yawls and a similar event with
eight skiffs at each end of the rope. There
¦will also be a blindfolded yawl race,
frith young ladies at the tillers, but with
no rudders, and matches between the cIud
rewboats, each manned by three men
•with a pair of scull3 apiece.
No date has been set for handing over
the Perpetual Challenge Cup formally to
the San Francisco Yacht Club. It is
probable the ceremony will take place on
Saturday evening, the 2Sth inst. in the
clubhouse at Sausalito. Both the San
Francisco and Corinthian Yacht Clubs
have a cruise to McNear's Landing on
their programmes for that date, but this
•will be called off and the Corinthian fleet
¦will rendezvous at Sausalito, where there
•will be a reception and an informal enter
tEinment.
The Corinthian fleet will rendezvous at
Vallejo to-night. The yachts that are not
going up the river will return to-morrow
to Tiburon. Next Saturday the fleet will
cruise to Vallejo again to meet the yachts
returning from the Sacramento. The
sloops Speedwell, Genesta, " Freda and
others will take part in the cruise.
The Corinthians start on their annual
cruise up the Sacramento River this af ter
ncon. As Commodore E. F. Sagar's busi
ness will not permit him to take the
cruise, Vice Commodore T. Jennings'
Eiocp Speedwell will be the flagship.
SAX FRANCISCO and California
Yacht Clubs have no events on their
programmes for to-day or to-morrow.
Yachtsmen Start To- Day on
Club's Annual Cruise Up
the Sacramento River
Champion/ Is Required to
Play Through-- the- Singles
Tournament Next Month
Independence Day Regatta
at Oakland Will Attract
the Skiff and Barge "Men
CORINTHIANS
| ENJOY THEIR
VACATION DAYS
TENNIS CRACKS
PREPARING FOR
MATCH GAMES
MANY OARSMEN
IN TRAINING
FOR CONTESTS
SOME ' INTERESTING INCIDENTS OF THE JUDGING OF ' VARIOUS
CLASSES AT THE DECORA i'lON DAY OPEN-AIR HORSE SHOW
(5F BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLUB, HELD ON CLUB GROUNDS.
CLEVER "WHIPS"
MAY AGAIN BE
SEEN DRIVING
Possibility of Reviving
Horse Show Functions
Is Under Consideration
* I 'HE marked success of the third an
i nual open air horse show of Bur
* lingame Country Club, held on the
club grounds Decoration day, has
revived interest in the matter of horse
shows.
The disastrous affair at Ta'nforan two
years ago dulled the interest of the
sportsmen who in other years gave their
time and their money for the -develop
ment of these exhibitions. For various
reasons the exhibition was allowed to
lapse for several years, and a fund of
$6000 accumulated. This amount would
have been ample to finance an Indoor
show in this city.
Instead of so using the money It was
sunk In the Tanfofan venture with an
other $6000, leaving the Horse Show As
sociation In debt. This debt has since
been wiped out by assessment.
The memory of this failure is gradu
ally fading away. This was evidenced
at the Burlingame show, where many
high-class horses were put through their
paces in the ring by clever amateur
"whips." Many new owners have ap
peared on. the scene during the years
which have passed since the last indoor
show In Mechanics' Pavilion, and the
time Is considered ripe for a revival of
the Interesting exhibition. It would open
appropriately the winter season of fes
tivities. .-. " . •¦¦>*•'.
These shows, whenever held, have al
ways had the effect of keeping horses
and equipages up to date. This i3 partic
ularly noticeable at San Mateo and Bur
lingame, where smart equipages are the
rule. '" „ _• , • ¦ ¦
There has been a marked Increase 'In
equestrianism and In road and speeuway
driving In this city in recent years, and
these classes should be. exceptionally
strong. - •¦ ' ¦ ". . -
That there . Is much merit In the horse
show is evldene«d from the great growth of
xhat institution in recent- years, says the
Horseman. While th« patronag? of society
has done much to place the horse show on
the high pinnacltt of success which It now
enjoy?, there must of necessity have been
a great popular support or the modern
horse show would not have achieved 1 its
present high standing, i That which haa
commanded the support and patronage of
the wealthy social circle and the admira
tion of the rank and file of healthy, sport
loving Airiericahs has been the horse Itself.
. Each successive show has had aa>educa
xional effect, with the* ¦ result that those
who originally admired th« horse have had
their regard for the beautiful equine broad
ened and Intensified. ¦ On the other hand,
those who toqk but a 1 passing interest In
the horse, who went to the show because it
was the proper thing • or from curiosity,
have developed a truly genuine interest in
man's best four-footed friend. ; ¦ And ' this
process of education is year Tby year adding
I to the ranks of horse show exhibitors and
horse show spectators. •
Fortunately for the best Interests "of the
horse himself, the promoters of the show
are not those who primarily Interested
themselves from motives of financial sain.
As a rule the directors, of horse shows are
gentlemen who took up the horse show be
. cause of their love for the horse and from
the hope that the show would prove to be *
means of interesting others who took but a
slight interest in the horse.
The style of driving haa improved no
ticeably at BuTlingame, and could be
copied to advantage by the frequenters
of Golden Gate Park. While many drive
in good, style; there are still a large
number who adopt a helter-skelter
method which is not desirable. The stand
ard has been raised at Burlingame
through the teachings of such clever pro
fessional whips as " Richard Graham.
Joseph. Dyer and Eugene Demiddeler,
HORSE SHOW GLORIES MAY BE REVIVED HERE DURING THE WINTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 14, 1903.
Official statistics show that there are
17,000,006 - children In Russia between the
ages of 6 and 14 receiving absolutely no
4NEW YORK, June 13.— Twelve hQrses
_ are : named to start to-morrow. In
I the Suburban. , They embrace the
pick of the great handicap 'horses
of the East, although many that have
figured as phenominal racers have
heen eliminated. Blue Girl - will not
start - and Water Color was de
clared out ¦ several days ago. This
leaves an even lield of - size sufficiently
limited to give every starter a chance" for
the glory of a great turf victory and the"
$8000 prize which falls to the winner."
Those to face the flag, their jockeys and"
the odds laid against their chances to
night are:
Gold Heels and Carruthers
' and Shields' Great Horse
Are the S ake Favorites
Will Decrease, the \ Chances
of Advance Guard- and
ot-^Mrs. . Farreli's Blues
HEAVY TRACK
IS EXPECTED
' FOR SUBURBAN
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
The Quickest , and most convenient way. in
and out ot the Tosemite -Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe.- If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemtte to-morrow at 5 d. m..- -•
=. Call at ¦ Santa Fe ticket , office. 641 Market
street, -" for illustrated : pamphlet" and : full par
ticulars. - ... ..,»
Polo Match Again Postponed.
LONDON, June 13.— The continued wet
•weather-, has necessitated the " postpone
ment of the third- and:flnal game of-the
series 'for .the American polo team from
Saturday,- June 14th, ; until Monday, June
16th. -1 ~-f iTFiffithfll ff l ll!frTffiflff'WHi
Root-Carter Fight Is Off.
PHILADELPHIA. June 13. -The six
round boxing contest between Jack Root
of Chicago and Kid . Carter ¦ of Brooklyn,
scheduled for the Penn Athletic Club to
night, did not take place, the box- office
receipts having been attached by : cred
itors of the club. "£¦08!
Six Thousand Dollars Is Paid by
Calve Colt.
Green Morris for a Water Cress-
NEW YORK, June 13.— The famous
Kancho del Paso yearlings owned by
James B. Haggln were sold to-day at the
Faslg-Tlpton sales and brought ?ood prices
Green Morris,, after some lively bidding
with Sidney Paget, secured the brown
colt by Imp. Water Cresse-Calve for
$0000. The chestnut colt by . Imp. Gold
finch-Connemara was knocked down to
W.-J. Arkell for $5100. The others sold
lor $500 or over were:
Bay colt, by Imp. Goldfinch- Abilene; A. L.
Aete, $1&00. Chestnut colt, by imp. Golden Gar
ter-Abrara; G. D. Wilson, $500. Chestnut colt,
by Imp. St. Gatl en- Amourette; Sidney Paget,
$2100. Bay colt, by imp. , Star Ruby- Anarchy;
G. B. Morris, $2700. Chestnut fllly, by . imp.
Golden Garter- Arnette;: K. J. Healey, $600.
Cheetnut filly, by imp. Golden Garter- Aurelia;
P. - H. McCaren, $1990. - Chestnut colt, by Imp.
BaFsett-LMvaria; Pat Dunne, $800. - Chestnut
colt, by Imp. Star Ruby-Bear Flag; A. L. Aste,
$1300. Bay colt, by imp. Star Ruby-Bedotte;
G. B. Morris, $2000. Chestnut colt, - by • imp.
St. Gatien-Bella B; Sidney Paget. $1100.' Bay
colt, by Ma^kno- Beryl; G. B. Morris;- $500.
Bay colt, by imp. Star* Ruby- Bethulia; Pat
Dunne. $1600. Bay colt. 1 by Imp.-Golden-Gar
ter-imp. Boule de Neige; W. J. • Arkell, $1300.
Chestnut colt.' by Maximo-Clay j Stockton; » G.
D.. Wilson.. $500. Bay filly, by imp. Golden
Gartcr-D A R; G. D." Wilson, $550.
HAGGIN YEARLINGS SELL
WELL IN EASTERN RING
I>0S ANGELES.
-¦ > . " '' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, e. s 4 01 04 0 0
"Waddell, p 4 .0 0 0 0 2 0
Raymer. 2b 4 0 1 0 4 2 0
Householder, C?f...3 1 2 020 O
Rellly, 3b. 2 0 0 1 2 ,5 0
Roach, r. t 3 1 0 0 1 0 0
Anderson, c .30 1 0 7 0 0
Hanlon. lb 3 0 0 0 6 0 0
Bowman, 1. t. 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals... 29 2 5 1 27 ~8 ~0
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Lawler. C. t 4 0 1 0 2 0 1
Kajran, lb 3 0 2 0 9 0 0
Unglaub, 8. s« 4 O 0 0 2 3 1
Eheehan, 3b 4 00 02 0 0
Hulen. 2b 3 0 «1 0 2 3 0
Graham, c 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Wagner, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 10
Thomas, p 3 0 1.0 0 3 0
Totals 31 0 5 0 24 10 ~2r
RUNS -'AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lob Angeles.. ......0 1 1 0 00 0 10 x— 2
Base bits 0 1 1 1; 0 1 1 O x — S
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 1 1 3 0 0 0 0 0 0—5
SUMMARY.
Two-baee hits — Householder, Thomas. Sacri
fice hit — Rellly. First base on errors — Los An
geles 2. First base on called balls — Of! Wad
dell 1. Left on base* — Los Angeles 4, Sacra
mento 4. Struck out — By Waddell 7. by Thomas
2. Double plays — Rellly to Raymer; Wagner to
Eagan. Time of game — One hour and SO min
utes. - Umpire — O'Connell.
Final Rounds of Three Contests Will
Be Bedded To-Day Over San
Rafael Course.
The final rounds In the competitions
among the members of the San Rafael
Golf \ Club for the club trophy, the Wo
men's cup, and the consolation or second
eight prize will take place to-day on the
Happy Valley. links. -
In the final match play round for the
club trophy, which . carries with it the
championship of the club, J. J. Crooks will
meet D. E. Skinner, the contest being over
thirty-six holes.. In the final round over
eighteen holes for the Women's cup. Mrs.
George Heazelton will play against Mrs.
F. . 8. . Johnson. In the final round over
thirty-six holes for the consolation prize
for m«n George Heacelton Is ¦ matched
against* E. J. Hooper. Play, will begin at
1:30 p. m. '• - ' ¦ .- ¦ ' •- ¦ .
" The second prize in the Decoration Day
handicap, against "bogey" on the links of
the San Francisco Golf Club has not yet
been awarded. H. C. Golcher, H. A.
Blackman and Dr. T. G.. McConkey tied
with 6 • down. The competition being
against "bogey" any -of the three may
play at any time, provided he announces
his intention and Is accompanied ' by a
scorer. .-•:-¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ : . ¦
Last Sunday there were several players
out for practice on the San Rafael links.
Mrs. Leslie Wright went round with Mrs.
F. H. Beaver, and T. T. Williams with R.
B. Rorison and D. » E. Skinner. E. J.
Hooper beat J. O'Connor I up. Other play
ers were Mrs. R. Gllman Brown and Miss
Hager, T. T. Williams -and . Douglas
Hardy, Frank S. and Mrs. Johnson, J. J.
Crooks and George Starr. Leslie Wright
and F. H. Beaver, J. Hillman, Dr. and
Mrs. Black. -¦)
GOLF COMPETITIONS
ON HAPPY VALLEY LINKS
.Angels Play an Errorless Game Be-
SENATORS SHUT OUT.
hind "Rube" Waddell.
LOS ANGELES.^ June 13.— Both "Wad
deli and Thomas 'pitched star ball to
day. Five hits were credited to each
team. The home team put up an error
less fielding game and shut out the Sen
ators. The nearest the Senators came to
scoring was in the third. Thomas hit for
two basest but was retired a few mo
ments later when Doyle's fly was taken in
by Reilly, who threw Thomas out at
second. Lawler singled past- Rellly and
Egan hit over second base. Unglaub
made the third out on a fly to center.
Not a single hit was made off "Waddell
after the third Inning, and only one man
got to first on balls. In the third House
holder doubled to left field, made third on
Reilly's • sacrifice and '. scored on Roach's
long fly to left field. One more was made
in the seventh. Roach hit to Lawler,
who fumbled, the runner taking second.
Anderson.' scored Roach with a single to
left. In the eighth Rube struck out Wag
ner, Thomas and Doyle. The score:
YALE'S » 'VARSITY CAPTAIN
AND HER CREW AFTER A
PRACTICE SPIN. - •-
Yale .- Crews Practice Starting
and Other Necessary Points
for Annual Competition
The officials of the Twentieth Century
Athletic Club opened negotiations last
night with Eddie Hanlon and Johnny Re
gan for a match to be held this month in
Mechanics' Pavilion. An effort is also be
ing made to bring Young Corbett and Abe
Attel together here.
This point was not reached at all" in the
case at bar, and another suit must be
Hied to determine It. The police powers
of the municipal legislative bodies are
generally recognized as one of their func
tions. Under this head comes the regu
lation of boxing contests. This did not'
come into issue, but the court intimated
that the Supervisors had the right to
limit contests to any number they may
sec fit. y\t present only one a month Is
allowed.! • _/
. The purpose of the suit was not accom
plished, however, as a decision was neces
sary, upon a constitutional issue before
they main question .was reached. The
court ; held that the Supervisors cannot
discriminate in favor of the "Pacific As
sociation of the Amateur Athletic Union,
of which^'urider the ordinance in question,
it is necessary to be a member before ap
plication for a permit for an ¦¦ amateur
fight can be , made. - Under Judge Muras
ky's ruling all -amateur clubs may, pro
mote boxingv'after complying with the
general, rules of * the . police regulation.
The permit of the association is not re
quired, as this would constitute class dis
crimination, which is proiifbited by 'the
constitution. ' ( ,
In some -way the boxing promoters who
have found difficulty in securing per
mits' for professional • contests construe
the court's decision to mean that the or
dinance covering the sport In this city is
void. * . -. ,
JUDGE MUR ASKY has rendered his
decision In a case brought for the pur
pose of testing the validity of the box
. ing ordinance.- \: - . ; .
ADDS A NOTCH
ON HIS RIFLE
annual races with Harvard was the
trial of racing starts by the "varsity and
freshman eights. The freshmen showed
a-eood deal of improvement In form, but
the work of the 'varsity. men was a little
ragged. The four-oar crew was out for
half an hour, ..taking a two mile spin.
Much of the time was devoted to practice
at the catch and in recovery.
GALES FERRY, Conn., June 12.— The
chief feature of the practice of the
Yale crews this morning for their
Customs Inspector Hol
lingshead Kills a
Smuggler. v
Heaton was compelled to spend "Wed
nesday night" under a shelf of rocks and
his suffering from pain and exposure, was
Intense. On Thursday he made his way
to the North - Fork, and remained In 'a
cabin two days. The Only food Heaton
had was a cup of flour, which he found in
the cabin.- After a tedious journey he
reached Michigan Bluff at 3 o'clock on tfie
fourth day following the accident. There
Heaton was able to procure food and at
tention. -
NEVADA, June 13.— Prospector George
Heaton, who has been endeavoring to un
cover a ledge in the vicinity of Big Oaks
Flat,. above Forest Hill, has had a nar
rb\\ escape from death. . "While en route
from his prospect to his home, Heaton
plunged headlong from, a cliff several
hundred feet high. Fortunately his body
was caught by a projecting bush, saving
Heaton from a fall to the bottom of the
canyon. His body was badly bruised and
"his left shoulder dislocated.
PROJECTING BUSH SAVES
LIFE OF A PROSPECTOR
Man Injured by Fall From Precipice
Goes Four! Days Without *•
Assistance/
TUCSON. Ariz.. June 13.— Charles Hol
lingshead, the oldest mounted inspector
for the Nog-ales custom house, has added
another smuggler to the list of those lie
has killed. On Thursday night, while
guarding the Calabasas road, Hollings
head shot Jose Narciso,.the most notori
ous smuggler operating on the Mexican
border. . - . .
Narciso was riding a burro and carrying
a load of smuggled goods when seen by
Hclllngshead. The latter ordered him to
halt, but he endeavored to escape In the
.darkness. Holllngshead sent a bullet af
ter him, and Narciso fell dead. : A coron
er's jury in Nogales found that Holllngs
head had killed the smuggler while in
the discharge of his duty. «
Narciso had always managed to outwit
the custom house officers and always said
he never would be taken alive. At one
time Line Rider Hathaway,: now dead,
lay in wait for him on a hidden trail In
the Nog-ales mountains. ~When Narciso
came along bullets flew thick and fast,
but the smuggler succeeded in escaping.
The Nogales custom house officials felt
relieved on hearing the fate of the smug
gler who had-bothered them for years.
. ¦
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 13.— Sheriff Langford
has a prisoner in his custody who is be
lieved to be Thomas Reed, who was re
leased on parole . from San Quentin last
December and whom the State authorities
are seeking because he has violated the
release law by not • reporting regularly.
The man gives the name of Robert Gair
ard. Two days ago he was given a five
day sentence ,by Justice Cobb for va
grancy. He /answers the dscrlptlon of
Heed in' all particulars. Reed was sent
to prison for thirteen years from Placer
County on October 13, 1894, for robbery.
Since his parole last December he has
reported but once— In January.;
Convict Who Violated His
] • Parole.
SANTA CLARA PRISONER /
MAY BE THOMAS REED
Sheriff Xangford Believes He Has a
SAN JOSE, June 13.— The habeas cor
pus proceedings Instituted to obtain the
release of .Charles G. Adams from Ag
news Asylurii were; to-day continued until
June 20. Adams shot and killed Dr. J. J.
Jessup in Berkeley about a year ago. He.
was adjudged Insane and committed to
Agnews. It is claimed he has now recov
ered his reason. . ¦-. -. ,
Adams Case Continued.
''PORTLAND,; Ore., June 13.— The ses
sion of the Supreme Lodge, Ancient Or
der of United' Workmen, to-day was
given tip • principally to a discussion on
several proposed changes to the rules
governing beneficiaries, the main inten
tion being to extend the list so that oth
ers besides blood relations of members
might ': become beneficiaries. - Four propo
sitions were introduced, but only one
was taken up, and this, was finally voted
down by a large majority.
.Votes Against Change in Rules.
Utah Editors Visit Portland.
.PORTLAND, Or., June 13.— Members of
the Utah Press. Association, wh& arrived
here last night,- visited the falls to-day -as
guests of W. H. Hurlbut, president of the
Portland ¦ City Railway - Company,- In
the afternoon they were tendered a ban
quet; ., at .which . Mayor-elect George H.
"Williams made a . brief . address, •welcom
ing'the visitors to the city. The excur
sionists left for Seattle at 11 o'clock to
night. ¦
1I4ZARD— Passed June . 13— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurot, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Bremen. - • -"••-=. ¦ : ¦. - '
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 13— Stmr Lu
canla, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. -. V- -
' ANTWERP— Arrived June ''13 — Stmr ¦ Zee
land, 'from New, York. , i •
NEW, YORK— Sailed June 13— Stmr Redon^
do, for. San - Francisco. ¦ . , , .,
Arrived-.-' June 13— rStmr Auguste Victoria,
from .Hamburg, Southampton and, Cherbourg • ¦
BOSTON — Arrived June 13 — Stmr Common
wealth, : from .Liverpool. ... ¦ > .' . . ¦
.-. LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 13— Stmr "= Bel
g'enland, - from Philadelphia. • . . : ' • ¦ ;
1 1 Sailed June 13 — Stmr Cevic, for New York.
' •' MOVILLE— Sailed' June 13— Stmr Numldian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal. . •
QUEENSTOWNt— Sailed June 13— Stmr Mer
ion. from Liverpool, for Boston. • * . - . • >
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed June r 13 — Stmr-
Fuerst Bismarck, from Hamburg, for New
York and Cherbour*.
MALTA— Passed June 13— Stmr Chine Wo, !
from .Tacoma, ;vla Yokohama, Shanghai, Hong
kong and • Singapore, , for London. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA, B C— Arrived June 13— Br stmr
Athenian, • from' Yokohama: US stmr Mc-
Arthur, from ; Br. stmr Cymbeline, from
Astoria; : «tmr Princess May,' from .west coast;
stmr Aztec, hence June • 8, for Nanaimo.
Late Shipping. Intelligence.
. ' DOMESTIC PORT." ' ' u
TACOMA— Sailed . June 13— Schr Compeer,
for San Francisco. v.
• Arrived June 13 — Stmr Spokane, from Se
attle., for Nome. '
. PRATTVILLE,' June 13.— Work* on the
great electric transmission system. of the
Western Power ' Company of, Los -Ange
les, involving the diversion • and storage
of the waters of the North ' Fork of the
Feather; River in Big Meadows; has been
commenced; at* several' points. • As i. many
men as can 'be handled to advantage 1 are
employed ¦ In the 'preliminary task' of
opening roads and trails.
Great Power; Project "Under, Way."
LOS ANGELES. June 13— A : five-gallon
can * of- gasoline exploded in ¦ the hands of
Mrs: James ' H. '¦ Boyer • at her - home/- 2120
South . Main ; street, to-night. . setting fire
to her dress:. Before 1 the flames could- be
extinguished ' she had received burns
which Police Surgeon Pierce says are cer
tain ; to prove fatal. In attempting to ex
tinguish ; the fire: her little daughter was
seriously • burned, but her life was saved
by. the prompt action, of .her- brother. '
¦.-' -. ¦¦" ..' . " '-"." • — r— . ¦¦.*:*¦¦
Woman Receives -Fatal Burns.
STOCKTON, June 13.— The Stockton
'Arbor Club 'was organized '¦ one week ago
for the purpose of encouraging the.plant
ing ; of trees along; highways,' on • a local
arbor ¦ day - to 'be. chosen. At^to-night's
meeting a membership list of 420 was an
nounced: The ¦¦" movement - is . creating
much ¦ enthusiasm. ; . ' -
Enthusiastic Arbor. Club.
ST. LOUIS k June 13.— To-day's sport at
.the racetrack was marred by an ac
¦\cldent in the first race, as a - result
of which Jockey Donegan will lose
his life. Balzac,* upon whom Donegan had
the mount, stumbled and fell as the field
was; "founding the. turn: Pettijohn, the
favorite, fell over Balzac'and upon Done
gan, who sustained a horrible fracture of
the skull. His death is momentarily ex
pected. E. M. Matthews, who had- the
mount on Pettijohn," was unhurt. Sum
mary:' „ ¦ . ¦_ ¦ . ¦ •
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling —
Lexington Bess won. Jack Young second, Easy
Trade third. Time. :56%." -
Second race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Ida Ledford won, Loone second, Winepress
third. Time, 1 :46. . , . ;
Third race, steeplechase, about two miles-
Very ¦ Light won, Jolo second, Terreon third.
Time, 4:05. ' / - ¦ , • '
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Nlckey D
won, ¦. St. Cuthbert second, Frank Bell ¦ third.
Time, 1:14%. • — <¦ ¦ ¦ .
- Fifth race,- seven furlongs, selling — Four
Leaf C won, Bengal' second. Lofter third.
Time, 1 :28. .. . ¦ ,
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Brewer Schorr won, I Glen wood second. Tenny
Belie third. Time, 1:45»£.
CHICAGO. June 13.— Three horses fell in the
steeplechase at Harlem to-day. Jockeys Brodie
and Lyons were painfully injured, the former
seriously. Brodie had the mount on Gllseando
and Lyons was on Redwill. ¦ Summary:.'-
First race, half mile— Topsail' won. ! Alice
Carey second. Pirate third. Time, :59%.
Second race, six furlongs — Delia Ostrand won,
Emma C. L. second, Simoon jthird. Time,
1 :21 3-5. ...
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Far
rell won. Cooley second, Helen Paxton third.
Time. 3:49 2-5. \
t Fourth race, six furlongs — If Tou Dare won,
Aratoma second. Lovable third. Time, 1:21 1-C.
Fifth race, five lurloogrs— Glendon won. Ben
Chalice second, Fillydeck third. -Time, 1:07 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Guy H won. Lief Prince
second. Peat third. Time. 1 :50 2-5. .
CINCINNATI. June 13.— Results at Latonla:
First race, half-mile, selling — Jim Gore II
won. Pompino second. Rice third. Tlme.:55U.
Second race, five furlongs — Bridal March won.
Crimersecond, Lansing R third. Time, 11*03 U*
Dinskl finished second but was disqualified for
foulinc- • . ¦-;•¦'¦
Third race, one mile and twenty yards—Man
damus won. Facade second, Bentley B third.
Time. 1:451,4. - .
Fourth race, hurdles.', full course—Brandy
wine won. Free Gold second, Flora Bell third.
Time, 2:25.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Syria won. Miss
Chapman second, Lizzie Boy third. Time, 1:15.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards — Nug
get won. Baffle second. Temptress third. Time,
1:43H
BUFFALO, June 13. — Fort Erie results : •
First race, six furlongs— Andrattus won. Sir
Kingston second. St. David third. Time, 1 :12*V4.
Second race, one mile — Radford won Benck
art second. Presgrave third. Time, 1:49%.
Third race, four and a half furlongs— Au
Fait won. G. G. Good second, Melbourne
Eclipse third, Time, 1:00. . . -
Fourth >ace, six furlongs — Edinborough won.
Filibuster second. Easy Street third. "Dime
l:20Vi. • '
Fifth race, six furlongs — Competitor won
Carrie I second. Also Ran II third. Time, 1:20.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs— Clavena
won. Maple second, Lemuel third. Time, 1:25.
NEW YORK, June 13. — Gravesend resultsr"
First race, about sir furlongs. ¦ selling — Cri
terion won, Ben Howard second,, Charles W
Meyer third. Time, 1:10 2-5.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards —
Grand Opera won, Connecticut second. Thrift
third. Time, 1:46.
Third race, five furlongs— Roxboro won, Gold
Money second, Ithan third. Time, 1 :02.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile and an
eighth — Ethics won. Vlnctor second, Hindred
third. Time. 1:54 1-5.
Fifth race, handicap, about six furlongs — Af
ricander won, Tantalus Cup second. Bob Hurst
third. Time, 1:10 1-5.
Sixth rrfce, one mile and a sixteenth— Agnes
D won, Henry Clay Rye second, 1 Prince Richard
third. Time, 1:48 3-5.
Steeplechasers Come to" Grief
at the Track at Harlem,
Three Men Going Down
A Suit Must Be Brought
to Secure an Opinion on
;the Boxing Ordinance
Horse Falls With His Rider,
Who S ustains Possibly a
Fatal Fracture of the Skull
May V Promote Fights , With
out Being Members of
the Pacific : Association
COURT DECIDES
IN FAVOR OF THE
-AMATEUR CLUBS
BOTH . Chimmie Whalen and little
Hudson. pitched great ball yesterday
at the Eighth street battle ground.
Chimmie beat the wee .one at the
finish with 1 to 0 posted on the boards.
It was anybody's game until Dunleavy
sent any easy grounder to Cap Shugart
in the last half of the final splurge. Er
rors counted for naught. The whole
game depended on the man who does
winding stunts with his bread winning
arm, and Chimmie was the man. ''hi'.
The ¦ came was full of what is known-!
as ginger. In fact there was a •triflle too
much of the spicy article.' for it cost Mr.
Bill Devereaux a five spot- and also: was
instrumental in having him sent to the
bench in the seventh. . Bill was at the
bat and tried to pass out one of his lat
est college yells at McDonald. It. seem-,
ed to remind Jim of how he' used to
whoop when his teacher landed on him
with the rattan, so he cried "Five."
Bill tried to square it by handing the dig
nified official another package, but this
time he was sent to the pines. • '
Hits and runs were scarce. They
never came in bunches. Nordyke enjoyed
the' distinction of being the only gent to
trip the paths to the plate. In round
four he walked, Shugart sacrificed and
Holly singled to right, bringing Dyke in
and winning for Uncle Henry.
Oakland really scored m tne first, but
Whalen cleverly blocked Mohler at third
when McCreedie hit a long fly to right,
which the tiny man could easily have
come in on. Dunleavy has resorted to
this trick in the last two games, and Hol
ly worked it yesterday, so the case is just
about squared. • ' :«-¦'&
Holly's hand is badly hurt and he
chased the ball in right, while Glendoh
ran over shortstop's territory. He show
ed up like an old timer with the excep
tion of one trifling error. .McCreedie
tcok Brick's place at short and. made no
mistakes. Mobler made the sensational
play of the day in the first when he rose
in the air and with one mitt took a liner
from McHale's bat which looked good for
twp bags. The score:
OAKLAND. t
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c f. 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Mohler. 2b 20 0 0 4 2 0
Streib, lb 4 0 0 0-8-1 O
McCreedie. ss. & r. f . 8 0 1 0 2,00
Devereaux, ss 3 0 ,1 *0 1 4 0
Dunleavy. 3b ...'.4 0 \0".O ,1 02
Lohman,\c 3 0 10 7 2 1
Cristall, I. f 2 0 0 0 v 2 0 0
Hodson, p 3 0 0 0 0 ' 2 0
Gorton, r. f 1 0 1 0 0 0 0
Totals 31 0 4 0 27 11 3
SAN FRANCISCO. -
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. Aj E.
McHale, 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Xordyke, lb 3 1 2 - 0 12 1 0
Shugart, 2b 2 0 0 0 1 4 0
Leahy, c 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Holly, r. f 4 0 1 02 1 0
Rellly, 3b 3 0 1 1 2 0 0
DelmaE. c. f 8 0 2 2 2 0 0
Glendon, ss 4 O 0 O'2'"21
Wba!en, p .3. 0 0 0.1 7.-0
Totals 29 16 3 27 ' 15 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ean Francisco ... 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 — 1
Base bits 0 O 1 10 1 1.1 1—6
Oakland- :"0 0 0 0 0 0 0*0 0—0
Base bits 01 0 0 1 1 00 1 — 4
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit — Delmas. Sacrifice bits—
Shugart 2/ Cristall, Delmas. First base on
errors — San Francisco 1. First base on called
balls^ — Off Hodson 4, off Whalen 3. Left on
bases — Oakland 4, San Francisco 8. Struck
out — By Hodson 6, by Whalen 3. Double play
— Holly to Leahy. Time of game — 1 hour and
40 minutes. Umclre- — McDonald.
at the Olympic Club last night.
There were only six delegates .present,
but they managed to transact matters of
Interest to amateurs.
After some discussion the Lincoln Ath
letic Club was made a member of the as
sociation. President Winterbottom of the
i.ew organization stated to the delegates
that the club numbered 164 members. The
525 fine imposed on the Ariel Rowing Club
for disregarding the rules and allowing
an unregistered amateur to box at one, of
its exhibitions was reduced to $3.
Albert P. Kothkopf , a member of the
Fourth of July regatta committee, re
ported that this year's event would bring
cut more oarsmen than, in former years,
and he believed the regatta would be a
great success.
Timothy I. Fitzpatrick was appointed
coxing commissioner. His duties are to
promote clean sport among amateur box
ers. The Pacific Athletic Club was sus
pended from the association for non-at
tendance and non-payment of dues.
Upon motion of Delegate Cadogan of
the Reliance Athletic Club the association
adopted the rule that'if an amateur wno
signs to box before a bona-fide club fails
to keep his engagement he will be sus
pended unless he can show that his fail
ure was due to illness. .
The regatta committee was authorized
to expend the sum of 525 for printing and
other necessities.
At the conclusion* of the regular meet
ing the committee appointed to look af
ter the Fourth of July regatta was called
to order. Chairman Hinchman reported
that accommodations would be furnished
the men who will participate in the con
tests at Lake Merritt. Twenty dollars was
voted the Stockton Athletic Club to pay
the expenses of the oarsmen who will
uphold the GlutTs colors at the coming re
gatta.
The. senior and junior skiff prizes were
reduced in order that a $35 prize' may bs
awarded the winner of the shell race.
This was done because the shell men own
their own boats.
Entries close for the regatta on the
evening of June 30th.
A SHORT but business-like meeting
of the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union was held
REDDING. -June 13.— Tommy Cox. the
lightweight Australian pugilist, will not
fight Billy <5e Coursey here soon, though
the articles ,had been signed and the
referee agreed upon. Cox has suddenly
changed his addrees to the County 'Jail,
where he will lodge for six months, upon
the authority of Justice W. E. Herzinger.
Cox was to-day given the limit of the law
for battery upon Theodore Jones, a 15
year-old boy. • *
Last week Cox went swimming with a
crowd of youngsters. He became angered
at young Jones and dealt him a. blow
¦which rendered him unconscious for half
an hour. Cox bolted through the brush,
but was captured at Kennet. He pleaded
guilty to batterj r . ; - - ... ¦
County for the Next Six
Months.
Tommy Cox Will Be a Guest of Shasta
PTJGIUST GOES TO JAIL
FOR STRIKING A BCTZ
GIBBS WINS IN 'I' H K EIGHTH.
STOCKTOX. June 13.— Young Gibbs of
Cincinnati defeated Kid Williams of Los
Angeles to-night in eight rounds of fast
fighting before the Stockton Athletic As
sociation at the Avon Theater. Williams
had much the better of the first four
rounds. At the end of the fourth, how
ever. Gibbs began to take the lead and
soon had his opponent at his mercy as a
result of the succession of blows on the
kidneys. , ••
The Los Angeles boy showed great
gameness. After being knocked down re
peatedly in the last half of the fight his
seconds finally threw up the sponge in the
eighth and Gibbs was declared the
winner.
George Curran knocked out Caesar At
te". in the eighth round of a preliminary.
Sponge in Stockton Fight.
"Williams' Seconds Throw TJ^ the
to-morrow afternoon. The stake will be
worth $15,0(0. A field of nine horses will
go to the post. Terra Firma is the logical
¦winner of the race. He demonstrated his
worth in last Saturday's Club Members'
handicap, when he ran second to Searcher,
and again on Wednesday, when he gal
loped away from Le Flare and Corrigan
et a mile and an eighth In almost track
record time.
ST. LOUIS. June 13.— The St. Louis
Derby will be run at the Fair Grounds
St. Louis Derby To-Day.
Boxer Harry Forbes Wins.
DENVER, June 13.— Harry Forbes of
Chicago was given the decision ' over
Mark Devaney of Denver to-night at the
«nd of ten rounds before the Elyria Ath
letic Club. Forbes had the better of the
fight from the start.
JOCKEY'S LIFE
IS IMPERILED
AT ST. LOUIS
McDonald Takis Exception
to Divereaux's Talk and
Puts Him on the B.'nch.
Lincoln Athletic Club is
Elected a Member of the
Governing Organization
Amateur Athletic Union Of
ficials Are Easy With
Violators of * Its Rules
Chimmie Whalen Outpoints
Hodson in a Clofe and
Excuing Pitchers' Fight
PONIES MAKE
ONE RUN AND
WIN HANDILY
REDUCE FINE
IMPOSED ON
ARIEL CLUB
TEST OF THE MUNICIPAL BOXING ORDINANCE FAILS OF THE DESIRED PURPOSE
"KID" LAVIGNE
GOES INSANE
AT STOCKTON
Is . Suddenly Dethroned
in -^ the, .Slough Gity
Brooding Over (His Recent
: Defeat and Successive
, Injuries Is the Cause
The"; Great. Boxer's Reason
this city. '. He is under restraint at
the Detention Hospital. Lavigne, who
was at one time the champion lightweight
boxer of the world, came to this city yes
terday with his brother. BiUy Lavigne.
to be present at a' fight to-night . between
.Kid Williams and Youns Glbbs.
In his last ring battle, which. was with
Jimmy Britt of San Francisco, he injured
his. arm. which had a. few. months pre
viously been broken. This .may In part
.be responsible for his condition. Phy
sicians are hopeful for his recovery.
STOCKTON, June 13.— At an early
. hour this ' morning George Lavigne
.. became insane in a lodging-house in
Lavigne was one of the most popular
boxers that ever entered a ring. In all
Ms long career there was never a whisper
against his honesty. His friends hope for
nis Ultimate recovery
The dispatch from Stockton to the effect
that George Lavigne had. lost his reason
came a» a shock to his host of friends in
this city. The one-time lightweight cham
pion, was about his usual .haunts here on
Thursday and beyond the fact that ho
seemed preoccupied there was. nothing to
.indicate .that. his mind .was giving way. ,
f or /-.a tin *e after his recent fight, in
which he broke his arm. in three places,
he was naturally depressed. His brother
kept him away from stimulants and he
seemed to recover his natural cheerful
disposition.
Burns will probably ride Advance Guard
as Bullman was engaped only because
Mr. reserved Burns in case he
was to start Blue Girl.
Herbert and Water Cure are the horses
mud is expected to help. The- former
ran a splendid race last week, but was
beaten by Sadie S. No one but her im
mediate following considers that Reina
can carry twelve additional pounds and
repeat her. def/at of Advance Guard in
¦the Brooklyn handicap.
The final trials of the Suburban candi
dates were made on a muddy track.
Those 'of Pentecost and Gold Heels were
the most impressive as both finished
strong. The time was: Gold Heels. 2:09U;
Blues, 2:11 1-5; Pentecost, 2:1134; Herbert.
2:11!£; Relna. whic"h has shown a dislike
for mud, 2:18; Monograph, one and a
half miles. 2:46. : V~"~V'-. -.>.
Contend is the dark horse of the race.
After breaking the record for one and
an eighth miles at Gravesend, he has not
been heard from as to work for thfe Su
burban. His tremendous speed is unques
tioned, but his ability to go a mile and a
quarter in fast company is seriously
questioned.
With the field as it stands to-night a
magnificent struggle is assured. Blues
will have little chance of meeting the in
terference his backers dread.. Still, they
are small in number compared to what
Jthey were before Gold Heels on.his first
appearance - this season after an equally
rough trip exhibited decided superiority
over Blues.- Gold Heels is the most fav
ored as a possible winner, but those who
have heard*. John Madden' s opinion of
Pentecost -give Gold Heels no chance' to
defeat the three-y.ear-old. Pentecost
works with Colonel Bill, another of Mad
den's .wonders. Pentecost, it is said, runs
away from Colonel Bill at any time and
any distance, and Colonel Bill defeated
Gold Heels in adecisive style. But there
are others who pin their faith to Ad
vance Guard. He is the sort of horse
turf followers come to love. He is always
doing his best; always "coming on" when
the winning post is near. He will prob
ably be the post favorite.
' Mud is likely to be the; footing over"
which the battle will be fought. - There
were showers £ at Sheepshead Bay to
night, with promise' of more rain. Under
the soaking of Wednesday the track of
the Coney Island Jockey Club became
stiff and hard with a. top of lumpy mud.
Yesterday it was lightning fast. A little
rain would improve it but heavy showers
will make it sfippery going. This will
decrease the chances of long-striding,
horses like Advance Guard and Blues.
Keister and Orth of "Washington Put
the Ball Over the Fence at
St. Louis.
/' NATIONAL LEAGUE.
I BROOKLYN. June 13.— Brooklyn was de
feated by St Louis to-day.. O'Xell kept th«
nome team s hits well scattered while the vis
itors bunched their hits. 'These, combined witH
Brooklyn s errors, gave them the game. At
. tendance. 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis .¦..........:.... 4 g S
Brooklyn 3 9 3
J. CNeil and M. O'Nell: Kltson,
\V. Donovan and Ahearn. Umpire — O'Day
PHILADELPHIA, June 13.— Philadclphl*
took the first (tame from Chicago to-day, shut
tins the visitors out. Both White and Taylor
were effective. The hitting was light. At
tendance, 1680. . Score:
Philadelphia * ?6 !?
Chicago -... ..,.,..,... 0 S 8
Batteries— Whits and Doom; Taylor and
Chance. Umpire — Emslie.
NEW YORK. June 13.— Cincinnati defeate.1
>iew Tjork in the first game of the series to
day in a slow tussle In which both sides played
poor ball. There was much protesting agairut
! the decision* of both ; umpires. Score :
R. H. E.
Cincinnati .'. 7 ' 10 2
New York 5 n 2
Batteries — Hahn and Bergen; Sparks. Mat
thewson and Bowerman. Umpires — Power and
Brown.
BOSTON 1 . June 13. — Boston-Pittsburg gam*
postponed; wet grounds.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT. June' IS. — Shields' good pttchhr*
was responsible for the shutout administered
the Detroit team to-day. Miller was wild
and gave three bases on balls in the first in
ning, two of which forced in runs. Attend
ance. 1733. Score:
R. . H. E.
Detroit 0 7 1
Baltimore 4 10 0
Batteries— Miller and McGuire; Shields and
Robinson.
CLEVELAND. June 13.— Errors in the. fifth,
inninpr gave Philadelphia four unearned runs
and the game. Attendance, 2S78. - Score: •
B. H. E.
Cleveland ....<. 4 8 ::
Philadelphia 6 10, v. 3
Batteries — Joss and TVockI: Mitchell and
Schreck.
CHICAGO. June 13. — The Bostons were shut
out to-day," getting but four scattered singles
off Piatt. The locals pounded Dlneen for
eight singles and two ooubles in the fifth and
sixth, when he gave way to Prentlss-. Attend
ance. ' 2000. Score :
. R. H. E.
Chicago -9 1C TO
Boston 0 4 ¦ 1
Batteries — Piatt : and McFarland; Dlneen,
Prentlss and Criger. *
ST. LOUIS, June 13.— Orth nllowed but three
hits up to the ninth inning, whereas the "Wash
ingtons pounded Donahue all . over the Int.
Keister and Orth put the ball over the rijrht
Held fence for home runs. Attendance, 1S61.
Score :
R. H. E-
St. Louis .....;. 16 4
Washington 11 13 - 1
Batteries — Donahue and M&loney; Orth and
Clark. *
CHICAGO SHUT OUT BY
THE PHILADELPHIA NINE
HEALDSBURG, June 13.— Robert Fltz
simmons will umpire the baseball game
to be played here next Sunday between
the Healdsburg nine and the Heesemana
of Oakland. Between the innings a three
round sparring exhibition by "Bob" and
his trainer, Wilson, will take place.
Fitzsimmons to Umpire.
TAUNTON, Mass. June 13.— Timothy
Donahue, a baseball catcher, who ¦ was
under contract with the Washington
American Club, died at his homa^in this
city to-day.' He played several years wtth
the Chicago National League team.
Baseball Catcher Dies.
A. W. Wilding, secretary of the Pacific
Cricket Club, left on Tuesday for a two
weeks* vacation at Victoria, B.C...-
As the Pacific eleven has already proved
victorious twice over the Alameda team,
the latter will strain every nerve to win
the match." The Pacific team will be weak
ened by the absence of A. W. Wilding and
D. Jamieson, but will have the help of
John Myers, who is an excellent batsman
and wicket-keeper. • The Pacific Club
colors will be worn by H. C. Casidy (cap
tain), C. P. Coles, John Myers. F. Ben
nlon, E. A. M. Lannowe, E. T. Langdale.
B. Kortlang, J. J. Theobald, W. Jamieson.
V.-P. Sollem and T. J. A. Tledemann. The
Alameda team ¦will ' be chosen from the
following: Arthur Dickinson, G. Harold
Ward. F. J. Croll, B. Bird. H. Bird, J,
Bird. W. G. Fortmann, V. Seebeck, A. F.
Stahl, W. J. Richter, A. S. Willis, W. II.
MdNaughton and C. Banner.
If the Pacific team should succeed in
beating -the Alameda eleven in to-mor
row's match it will have won four out of
ten matches for the pennant of 1002. and,
if it should capture only half of the re
maining six matches would be almost cer
tain to win the championship of the sea
son. Seven victories would give a per
centage of 70. Last year the Alameda
club won the championship pennant with
a percentage of 60. .
Alameda and Pacific Cricket clubs will
meet to-morrow for, their third trial of
strength this season on the Webster
street ground. Alameda.
Placed Two Victories to Its Credit
Over Its Present Opponent.
The Former Eleven Has Already
ALAMEDA AND PACIFIC
CBICKETERS WILL MEET
University Nine Loses.
DAYTOX, "Wash.. June 13.— Dayton, T;
University of Calif ornla, 5.
5
TELE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, JUKE 14, 1902.
horse. wt.:
Gold Heels....". 124-
Blues .. 124
Herbert ... 121
Advance Guard 119
Roehampton . . "117 •
Relna ..... .114
Trigger . . .-. . . . 1 102
Water. Cure.... Ill
Monograph ....' 100
Contend : 99 "
Pentecost..... 99
Sadie S.... | 98
:
Bet-;
: . Jockey. ting'.
TN'onderly .... " ". 4 '
Shaw «
Odom ¦ 10-
. Burns ........ 4
...'.. . 2o •
O'Connor .... 25.
Buchanan .... 75 .
Doggett 30
. Shea ......... 20
Cocfcran. ..... ,12 i
Redfern ...;.. : 8
McGovern ... £0
horse. wt.:
Gold Heels....". 124-
Blues .. 124
Herbert ... 121
Advance Guard 119
Roehampton . . "117 •
Relna ..... .114
Trigger . . .-. . . . 1 102
Water. Cure.... Ill
Monograph ....' 100
Contend : 99 "
Pentecost..... 99
Sadie S.... | 98
:
Bet-;
: . Jockey. ting'.
TN'onderly .... " ". 4 '
Shaw «
Odom ¦ 10-
. Burns ........ 4
...'.. . 2o •
O'Connor .... 25.
Buchanan .... 75 .
Doggett 30
. Shea ......... 20
Cocfcran. ..... ,12 i
Redfern ...;.. : 8
McGovern ... £0
ADVERTISEMENTS
€K&~*
dls slgxtAtere is on erery box of the geasln*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine T»bieu
tbr« reiaed/ that exit* a cold la on« dt»
A ear-lond of Cook Books
has Just arrived from Chicago
ttnd they are ready for dlwtrl-
ballon - nt the bmincM offlje '
of this paper. . All Call : anb-
¦crlbcrs are entitled to n copy
of this ; Brent Cook .Book nt
the» premium price of *fl£ty
'cents. " .¦ •'. ¦' :
An . additional charce of 20
cent* to pay exprenaire will
be required from out of tonn
¦abler 1 ber> ' ordering *»r . mat 1.
TWEHTIETHCENTUHYCOOKBOOKS
bur own factory
«t«t«tttt«t«t«tt«t«tt«tt*
: Hunter :
I High Ball j
• I^Bcr T made with •
I If .Hunter j
I JBL Whiskey j
m B*^^TXixw«i5h of all high *
• DS( ear w§ balls - •
• EfflV^MJffiffiE^ I* the favorite J
• uTl •?¦! jj Ifo* 1 )!) jffifl because of its *
• B gSragHAiaba * ine « ricb flavor. •
-• •
2S*2»GfcUfOTni*St.,6MiFrand V soJbaiit e
J Telephone £Uln *7X^ *A woman's college announces that It3
work, beginning with next fall, will "hv»
elude a secretarial course."
DIVORCES— Subscriber, City. So-called
divorces authorized by the Pope .were not
divorces, as the church official does not
authorize divorce or remarriage of di
vorcees under any dispensation. There
have been cases of annulment of mar
riage by reason of non-compliance with
certain, conditions laid down by the
church, or on; account of impediments
arising out of the relationship of the par
ties, which rendered the marriage null.
ULSTER COUNTY GAZETTE— Sub
scriber, City. The Ulster County Gazette
of January 4,. 1800, containing an account
of the death of George Washingtqn is an
imitation of ; the original. In the early
sixties more than a million such imita
tions were issued by an enterprising indi
vidual in the east and sold for 25 cents a
piece. In the past five years this depart
ment has received more than two hun
dred letters of inquiry : from individuals
having such copies and all under the
Impression that they had a valuable relic.
CONDEMNED HOUSE — Subscriber,
City. This correspondent asks: Is a
person compelled to pay rent while living
in a house on property which has been
condemned? The answer to , the question
as propounded is that If a party occupies
the house after condemnation of property
he Is bound to, pay rent. If the hause
suited 5 his purposes before condemnation
he would have to pay rent, and if after
the condemnation, the ¦ premises still suit
him he is in duty bound to pay the rent.
If he does not desire to - remain ¦ in the
premises he. may. move, as he cannot be
compelled to "remain there.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"I see that Mrs. Depew is coming £ome
with (twelve trunks! full of Paris gowns."
'JBut • do you really think that offsets
having a husband who thinks he is Al
ways . funny?"— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Yeast— Is your wife curious?
Crlmsonbeak— Well, I should rather say
she is. Why, i she never gives ! me , a let
ter to mail that she ; doesn't ask me,
when ; I come home at night,- if I have
mailed It.— Yonkers Statesman.
Naggus (literary . editor)— Borus* last
book : is ,! called "Blue Blood." It's awful
rot,"jbut;I don't want to hurt his feelings
by saying so. .
Mrs. Naggus— Can't you say it Is writ
ten in '¦; the author's best vein.— Chicago
Tribune.
After the young lady; left It was plain
to be seen that the dramatic reporter was
almost prostrated.
-"'."Who ,,'was'i she?" asked the horse re
porter.
"Young, woman _ from the ballet -.The
one that I said did not know how to kick.
She does.'.'— Indianapolis ; Press.
• ; Mrs. Gotham— I am. . surprised,- John, . to
hear «you say a good word for that ele
vated railroad corporation.
; Mr.Gotham-f-Why so?
, "Because 1 you' are always saying some
thing '- awful about them when you get
'."Yes;, but; I stand! up for them v nearly
every night ¦ coming • home."— Yonkers
Statesman." , v
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 639 Market
street. Palace Hotel building. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
BIRTHDAY CAKE— A. F. B., City.
"What may be placed in birthday or for
tune cake is limited only by the desire
of the party preparing the same. There
"may be placed -in the same a ring, coins,
and any article of jewelry that one de
sires. A ring signifies a wedding, money,
fortune; a thimble, industry; a pocket
knife, a sundering of friendship, arid
so on.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Californians in New York.
Oakland— W. S. Palmer, at the Astor.
NEW YORK, June 13.— The following
Californians have arrived: San Francisco
— C M. Bolton, at the Raleigh; Mrs. W.
McMurray, at the Murray Hill;*E. F.
Tuay, A: H. Wangaman, at th3 Morton;
R. R. Dunn, at . the Grand ; C. . B. Kauf
man, at the Holland; F. J. Teggart, at
the Herald Square; Mrs. G. Uhl, at tha
Union Sauare.
: Los Angeles— Miss Bushnell, at - the
Murray Hill; ' B. ¦ F. 'Field, at the. Grand
Union. • *
ONLY the early fruit is ripe and going forward
to market, and the enormous crop to follow
is still growing, when a cry .goes up all over
the State that the\jabor is not here to do the harvest
ing and marketing. .
It is the opinion of experienced fruit-growers and
handlers that half of this fine crop will rot on the
ground for lack of labor to secure and save it. This
will mean a loss to the State of about $10,000,000, too
much to lose in one season from such a cause. At the
same time that lack of labor in that field appears
there is also a dearth of household help, especially
on ranches, which adds to : the burdens of rural life.
For most of this there are certain economic rea
sons that should be understood. : The fact is that our
whole fruit 'industry in this State was founded on
Chinese labor. It requires a mobile form of labor
that, can move readily from orchard to orchard and
be available in any. part of the State on time, for
ripening fruit does not wait for anything. A sort of
skill, which the Chinese were found to readily ac
quire, 13 ... necessary in all orchard operations.'
Coupled with these characteristics * fidelity 'to con
'tract is a prime necessity in handling fruit, and this is
"one of the qualities possessed by Chinese to a greater
degree than by any other people. . These made Chi
nese the orchard and vineyard labor of tlie State, not
on account of its cheapness, but because of its ability
and its reliability.. As the experienced fruit hands get
older and exclusion has prevented the addition of
others, the quality of cheapness has disappeared, and
experienced fruit-growers would pay more for Chi
nese than other labor if they could get it, but they
cannot, j ' , , ¦
This;year is to test the matter. The railroads and
immigrant agencies are straining every nerve to sup
ply the State with labor enough to save the fruit crop.
All parties concerned look on with interest curious to
seeif'white and Japanese labor, can fill the gap. ' -
LACK OF LABOR.
TO BECOME AN ACTOR— Subscriber.
City. A person who desires to become an
actor, 'if he has tha ability to memorize
well, has good elocution and has a good
stage appearance, should place him
self under the care of a teacher of the
dramatic art or go on the stage in the
lowest capacity, acquire practical knowl
edge and work up.
Extend Thanks to Commissioners.
The members of the auxiliary of tha
San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children desire to extend their sincere
thanks to the Park Commissioners and
Mrs. HIckok, superintendent of the chil
dren's quarter, for the courtesy, priv
ileges, attention and generous lunch given
to the children at the Golden Gate Park
on Wednesday, June 11.
BARTLETT— A. ' S., San Diego, Cal.
Washington Bartlett was not clerk of any
one particular court in San Francisco in
1S68. He. was County Clerk from 1839 to
1863 and from 1868 to 1S69 inclusive. He
was Mayor, Election Commissioner, New
City Hall Commissioner aijd member of
the Board of Health from 1S83 to 1SS6.
Issues Letters of Thanks.
in recognition of the action of tha
Grand Parlor of the Native Daughters in
passing resolutions to forward In every
way the Interests and development of tha
State and to use so far as possible arti
cles of home manufacture and production,
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation yesterday issued a letter of con
gratulations and thanks, ' with sugges
tions as to how the proposed end might
be best attained.
PREMIER COMBES and his new Cabinet have
submitted their programme to the Chamber of
Deputies and have received a vote of confi
dence by the impressive majority of 329 to 124. This
is a striking proof of the excellent work' accomplished
by. the • retiring Cabinet, headed by Waldeck-
Rousseau. France has had a Government with which
a large majority of her people were satisfied. It is
from that satisfaction the present feeling of harmony
and confidence comes. Combes has succeeded to a
strong political heritage from his predecessor.' It
remains to be seen what he will do with it. \"- )} *'
The new Ministry is said to be much more radical
than that which has just closed its career, but
nevertheless it takes office pledged to continue the
former policy. Of course the pledge cannot be fully
kept. New. men mean new ideas, even when they un
dertake to maintain old measures. . We have an
illustration of that fact in our own Government.
President Roosevelt has no doubt sincerely under
taken to carry out the policy of McKinley, but he is
not McKinley, and already his. Cabinet has under
gone several changes and the relations between the
administration and Congress are not what they were.
The personal factor counts in government as in
everything else, and with a change of leaders there
inevitably comes a change in the whole situation. .
It is a safe prediction that the large majority that
gave the vote of confidence to the Combes Ministry
on Thursday will not long remain undiminished. The
very terms in which the confidence was expressed are
ominous of division and discord as soon as the Min
isters undertake to put their policy into practice.
The resolution declares: "The Chamber expresses
its confidence in' the Government to. apply the policy
of laicism, fiscal reform and social solidarity."' Now
laicism means further separation of church and state,
fiscal reform means to some people a graduated in
come tax, and 'social solidarity means almost any
thing the socialists may take a notion . to demand.
There can be no agreement among; the\ majority of
the Chamber upon plans for carrying out such a pro
gramme, and sooner or later among some o^them.the
feeling of confidence will give way to antagonism.
A summary of the programme outlined by the
Ministry states that the principal measures to '.' be
brought forward at once are the reduction of military
service to two years, the repeal of the Fallpux law,
which favors religious orders engaged in teaching,
the establishment of an income tax, the thorough
execution of thelaw regulating associations, and bills
providing for, fiscal reform; financial economy, and the
state : purchase of railroads.
; In. the debate in the* Chamber upon the programme
M. Brussiere,; speaking for.the Radicals,- urged the
Government to carry out; an extreme programme in
dealing with the church, so as to bring : abo*ut an en-
THE FRENCH OABINETv
BICYCLE RIDING— Subscriber, City.
Bicycle riders are governed by the rule of
the road "keep to the right." If one
bicyclist collides with another and at the
time he runs into the other he is on the
wrong side of the road he certainly is at
fault and an action for damages would He.
COPYRIGHT-F. R., City. To secure a
copyright on a written article, address a
communication to the Librarian of Con
gress, "Washington, IX* C. asking for a
blank. It will be sent ; to you and then
you. will have to fill out the same accord
ing to instructions and return with a fee
of 50 cents.
ANALYSIS— N. F., Brownsville, Cal.
The cost of the analysis of water depends
upon . the individual obtained to make
such, also the amount of labor involved.
There is no fixed price for such. You
should address some chemist and ask
what he will charge for what you desire.
Owing to the lack of financial support the managers
of the New York Infant Asylum have decided to dis
band. They have 320 infants on hand to dispose of
in lots to suit. It is a queer incidenfin the life of
the rich metropolis. There are millions of money for
dogs, horses and automobiles, but not enough for
babies.
A COMMITTEE'S REPORT— F. X,
City. If an organized society adopts the
report of a committee recommending the
appointment of a named individual for a
specific purpose the adoption carries with
It the recommendation, and the party
earned should be employed.
El wood Bruner of Sacramento is at the
Lick. . "
¦H. U. Hart of San Jose is at the Cali
fornia.
T. H. Ramsay of Red Bluff is at the
Palace.
R. B. Spencer of Monterey is at the Oc
cidental.
Ben U. Steinman of . Sacramento is at
the Palace.
T. C. White, a merchant of Ftesno, is
at the Lick.
J. S. Artist, an oil man of Hanford, Is
at the Lick.
Dr. G. F. Chalmers of Niles is at the
Occident al.
J. l M. Collins, a merchant of Manila, is
at the Grand.
Dan Patton. a mining man of Napa, is
at the Grand.
Henry Booksin, a mining man of San
Jose, is at the. Grand.
W. A. Mackinder, an attorney of St.
Helena, is at the , Calif ornia.
W. F. Nichols, Auditor of the Territory
of Arizona, is at the, Palace. ¦ .
P. C. Drescher, a well-known business
man of Sacramento, is at the California,
Samuel E. Darby, a patent attorney of
Chicago, passed through the city yester
day en route to Mexico. ;
E. C. Dunnavant, passenger and ticket
agent of the Pittsburg and Lake Erie
Railroad, is at the Palace. ' ¦
Samuel A. Meyers, traveling passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific, stationed
at Pittsburg, is at the Palace.
William W. Banks and bride of Port
land, Or., are spending their honeymoon
In this city. Mr. Banks was elected to the
Oregon Legislature ! at the recent State
election.- ??'.\~i*i~ .
BERSpNAL MENTION.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S MOTHER— L. S.,
City. The mother of- the late Queen Vic
toria was Marie Louise Victoria of the
House of Saxe Coburgr and the widow of
the Prince of Leiningen when she married
Edward August Duke of Kent, fourth son
of King George III. . . -: C
VOTE FOR ROOSEVELT— R. H.. City.
At the election held in the State of New
York September 29, 1898, the vote for Gov
ernor, stood: Roosevelt, 661,707: Van
Wyck, 643,921; Hanford, 23,860; Klein, 18,
883, and Bacon, 2,103.
- —1 NTOMOLOGISTS are still much in the dark
¦H about the grasshopper invasions which occur
- —^ from time to time and disappear, with as little
known cause as their coming had.
The grasshopper is always with us as a rather
harmless and lively insect, related to the cricket,
which chirps at harvest-time and was a necessary
feature on the old-time hearth. Just why, at certain
periods irregular in recurrence, this insect comes in
myriads, with the appetite of a hog, and eats every
green thing, is not yet known. It is the locust of the
East, and in Northern Africa and elsewhere is used
as food for the people.
The name locust is mistakenly applied to a Very
different insect, the Cicada septendecem, which ap
pears in fixed localities at periods of seventeen years.
It is not a hopper, but is a sluggish and slow-flying
creature, with, a rude imitation of the letter W on
its wings and a monotonous cry of "faroe," with a
prolongation of the last syllable. It is comparatively
harmless. The female deposits her eggs with an ovi
positor in the bark of trees, making a series of inci
sions for that purpose in regular rows running
lengthwise of the limb. Sometimes the smaller limbs
of fruit trees break as a result of these incisions,
which penetrate the sap, but the harm done is
very slight. These insects exist in families, or
broods, in widely separated localities. They are not
migratory. The eggs hatch and the young go into
the ground and remain there seventeen years going
through the changes of insect life and emerging at
the end of the period to frighten the superstitious,
who think that the W on their wings is a prophecy of
war, and that their cry is the name of the Egyptian
King of the Exodus, and that these were the fabu
lous insects that were sent to be a burden to the
people of the Nile.
The different families xio not all come at once, but
each has its own seventeen years period. This regu
lar and orderly recurrence eminently distinguishes
them from the true locust or grasshopper, which is a
creature of irregular habits. Just now this insect is
.prevalent in small areas in : the foothills of the
Sierras, in Fresno, Sacramento and Placer counties,
and the people are much alarmed. Their voracity is
amazing. At first wingless they crawl on the ground
and eat every green thing, their progress being about
loo yards in twenty-four hours. They strip vineyards
bare, and if an orchard be in their line of march they
gorge the leaves and the young fruit and leave it as
bare as if it had never borne fruit or foliage.
In the wingless stage they are exterminable by
using fire, or by poisoning some food that they will
eat and putting it in their way, or by putting coal oil
in troughs or ditches across which they must crawl.
For several years they devastated nearly all of Kan
sas and Nebraska and a wide strip of Western Iowa,
reducing land-owners to insolvency and distress.
During those successive sieges many devices were
brought against them and some were effective, but
just what they were is forgotten, for the plague has
long disappeared from that part of the country, and
when it comes again, as it no doubt will, in
genuity and invention will be called on to create
means for resisting it. Perhaps the entomologists
will be able to 'protect the country by finding some
way of knowing, when the insects are in the ground
in dangerous numbers and dealing with them in that
stage of their existence.
At present man is comparatively powerless in the'
presence of this small enemy, which lays waste his
fields and devours his substance in spite of all his
knowledge and his strength.
The present visitation in this " State does not
threaten an extensive district, and as soon as the in
sects get wings they may rise and fly to the moun-
In the grasshopper" years . in Kansas the flight of
the insects would continue for days, and their num
ber was so countless that they -appeared like a cloud
and obscured the sun. Since they were a burden to
Egypt they probably have never appeared in such
force as in the years when it was said they ate every
thing in those States but the rail fences.
THE GRASSHOPPERS.
. POSITION ON A SHIP— C. H. L... City.
A person' desiring a position on. board a
ship should make application to the mas
ter thereof, who will inform him as to the
mode of procedure. ,'-'• 'A.-?',
DRAMATIC SCHOOL— R. S. M-. City.
This department does not advertise any
business or profession, and therefore can
not answer your question.
TEN DOL.LAR PIECE— Subscriber,
City. A ten dollar piece of 1842 does not
command a premium.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
SUMMER has, barely begun and yet in the: East
the attention of the public has-been recalled to
tlie^ subject of -forest preservation by the re
currence of forest* fires. . One of our Eastern ex
changes says that u during the month of May "de
structive fires have broken out in Pennsylvania, Ken
tucky, New Jersey, Maryland, Indiana, New. York,
Connecticut, Minnesota, Colorado, Maine, Texas,
New Hampshire, Iowa, New Mexico, North Caro
lina and Ohio." «
That ,is a tremendous record for a single month of
springtime and gives a portentous warning of what
is to come with the" summer. Incidentally it shows
how swiftly the hot sun dries the forests of the East
when once the snows are melted and the spring
storms are over.' We in California do not look- for
extensive forest fires in May. That, however, is an
other story. The iWue now is not one of climate in
spring. or summer, but one of protecting our woods
against the ravages of fire. We in bur turn and our
season shall have fires enough to impress us • with
the lesson the East is now studying, and no section
of the State will escape.
Over and over again the question of preserving
our forests and conserving our water supply has been
discussed. An. elaborate campaign of education has
been carried on, and it is not .likely that any con
siderable number of intelligent; -;. people ' have any
longer a doubt of the urgent need of; adopting some
plan of guarding against fires/and Mother causes '."of
woodland "waste: To agree thafc>action-^$f needed and
to take action, however, are two different a things.'
Californians have long been agreed' on the subject,
but no comprehensive programme of ' action has yet
been take/i or even scientifically formulated. 'V
It is'tUiie to get to work at this problem in- ear
nest. *Pliis fall' a new' Legislature is to. be elected,
and next winter it wilLmeet. The time is propitious,
therefore, to a thorough consideration of the forest
problem, so that there may be elected to the Legis
lature men who will undertake to devise ways and
means for solving the problem. *}'-•
In several of the Eastern States a great deal has
been done in the way of experimenting in forestry,
and the general Government also has done much.
California, therefore, will not have to act as a pioneer
in the matter, though of course as our problems are
radically different in many respects from those of the
East we shall have to work out our own salvation in
many ways. Be that as it may, it is time to get at
it. The springtime fires in the East are warnings of
what we are going to have in the fall. There is no
use waiting until the fire flashes in our eyes and the
smoke is in our nostrils before we begin to think
about the issue. : It should be taken up as a part of
the non-partisan State politics of the year, and leg
islative candidates of all parties should be pledged to
accomplish something next winter for the preserva
tion of our forests and the conservation of bur
waters. • ¦ . .
FOREST PRESERVATION
The charge is made that since the death of Glad
stone the Liberal party in Great Britain has sunk
from "imperial liberalism' to provincial radicalism";
and something of the same kind of decline, has taken
place in the Democratic party in this country. It
has no longer a jiationaUpolicy on any issue, and in
the coming elections every district will have a local
buncombe platform of its own.
' SATURDAY JUNE 14, I9Q3
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
I (Ann All Cesuacaiettio&s to W. 8. LEAKS, Kanagtr.
~~ TELEPHONE,
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You "Wish.
ncULICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. 9. V.
i<i\AToni.*.i r ROOMS.. 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnirle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including; Poatag-es
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday), one year.. ...$8.00
PAILT CALL (Including: Sunday). 6 months........ 8.00
DAILY CALL (inducing: Sunday). 8 months 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month.... 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year l.JW
WEEKLY CALL. On» Year 1.00
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of May, 1902.
Hay i ......... .«;i.71O 'lay 17. ........ .SO^tiO
May I!...: <J1,27O May 18. 7O,OSO
May a «l,O20 May 19 50,880
May 4 71.O4O May 2O 00,170
May R..- <;c».r,s< ( May 21. ........ .50,500
May O. OO..10O Maf-22... 02,220
May 7 00,330 May 23 :....OO,O2O
May S. C1,47O May 24. . .V. .... .50,030
May {» 00,420 May 23 -.71,080
May JO OO.liK) May 20 . . . .00,300
May II 7O.34O Hay 27 ..'... 00,170
May 12 OO.12O May2S ; .'.-.60,030
"Kay 13 OO.33O May 2O. .... ... . .50,870
May 14 50,020 May -3O .00,000
May 1.1 .5O.52OI May 31 00,500
Slay 1O 00,200 '
Total. 1,015,880
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, J
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO. \ es -
On this ]2th flay of June. 1902. personally appeared ' before
me. V. illiam T. Hess, a Notary Public in and for the city
and county afore said, W. J. Martin, who beintf sworn accord-
In? to law declares that he -Is the Business Manager of the
San Francisco Call, a dally newspaper published in the city
and county of San Francisco. State of California, and that
Jo^-T 6 were P rtn te<l and distributed during -the month of May,"
1.KS2. one million n j ne hundred and fifteen thousand eight hun
dred and eighty a.015,8S0) copies of the eald newspaper. .
¦which number divided -by thirty-one (the number; of days of:
issue) gives an average dally circulation of 61,802 copies.
| SEAL. | -W. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed - and sworn to before me this 12th day of June, i
1902. - W. T. HESS, •
Notary Public in and for the City and County of Ban Fran
ctsco. State of California, room 1015 Claus Spreckels Bldg.
"The King's Race Horses" is now near
ly ready for publication. Judging by the
specimen of the cover In which It will be
bound it will make a very beautiful and
most sumptuous volume. The royal
quarto edition will be 3 guineas and the
imperial size 10 guineas. It gives a full
account of King Edward's connection'
with the national sport.
Lord Marcus B<*esfordt who contributes
some notes, in as extra, equerry to the
King. Edward Spencer, who writes the
general narrative, is a well-known'sports
man and authority on sporting matters.
In the first chapter Spencer deals with
royalty on the turf from Henry II down
ward.
The fourth chapter Is specially interest
ing to lovers of the turf. It describes the
scene on Epsom Downs when Persimmon
won for the Prince of Wales, as he then
was, his first Derby, to be followed by the
Ascot cup, the Eclipse stakes, the Don
caster, St. Leger and the Jockey Club
stakes by this famous horse; the winning
of the One Thousand Guineas-by Thais,
the Manchester cup by Florlzel and the
Two Thousand Guineas and the St. Leger
by Diamond Jubilee. The fifth chapter
treats of the Grand National Steeplechase
won by Ambush, with other performances
by. the same racer. The last chapter de
scribes Sandringham, with its natural ad
vantages for breeding blooded stock. The
volume Is to contain twenty plates in "
photogravure.
Lord Curzon, Viceroy of India, I have
just heard. Intends when his duties af
ford him time to revise his book on Per
sia for a new edition. The book, which
was the result of wWe trstrel la Persia,
has been out of print for *osj*'tisi*.
Lady Warwick in Kvf!Lstentl7 recovered
from her recent humlr.iz accident to be
able to work on the book which «he has
long had in view. This lx the history of
Warwick Castle from the earliest times
to the end of Victoria.'* reign. With the
story of the castle famous In English his
tory there will be linked the story of it3
owners, who alao have played a part in
English history. .The collection o? family
papers at Warwick Castle Is very fu'.l
and the information they contain will be
the basis of the book. It will be finely
illustrated. In part from old paintings, and
will be published in two volumes by
Messrs. Hutchinson during the. autumn. ¦
The last month has. according to the
publishers' reports, developed little or no
Improvement over the preceding month in
the amount of business done. The de
mand In nearly every class of literature
has been, with few exceptions, very lim
ited, although judging from the orders
which come from the various provincial
centers" it would appear that the slack
ness in the country is not so pronounced
as in London. With the coronation fes
tivities In view, anticipations of any im
mediate change are not high, though with
the war now over publishers talk hope
fully of a bright autumn. The great dan
ger, however, will be of the glutting of
the market with so many good books of
fiction which have been held up for more
than a year, waiting for more prosperous
times. There has been no great sale even,
of what are recognized as good books.
"A Way of Escape," by Graham Travers;
"At. Sunwich Port," by Jacobs, and
"Scarlet and Hyssop" have» continued in
almost constant request, but even these
have not had anything like success. Less
meritorious works have had more pros
perous times, strange as it may seem.
The fourth and concluding volume, of
the "Dictionary of the Bible," edited by
Dr. Hastings, which Is not yet out, but
will be published within the next '¦ few
days," has led to an enormous demand for
the previous three volumes. • No work of
a kindred nature has ever attained such
popularity. The demand has been almost
four times the amount indicated by the
early subscriptions. Another edition will
have -to be printed before the orders can.
be met.
If fiction and other work3 are suffering
just now the Bible Is finding . a great
many purchasers. It is not that any re
ligious wave is flowing over the nation,
but the Bible is undoubtedly the best
selling book at the present moment, to
gether with the coronation prayer book,
which was mentioned last week. There
is a very keen demand for the special
coronation editions of the Holy Scriptures
which have been issued. I have been try
ing to arrive at an estimate of how many
Bibles are sold in England In the course
of the year, but the nearest figure I can
get is from, one theological publisher,
who, while unable to give statistics, cal
culates that at least four million copies
must be disposed of by different publish
ers every twelve months. "But all
these," he remarked, "are not read in En
gland by any means. A great many go
to America, the colonies and other coun
tries."
Two charming brides-elect, Miss Clara
McNear and Miss Julia Tibbitts, were
guests of honor at a luncheon given by
Mrs. A. D. Tibbitts at her home in Pet
aluma on Tuesday.. Miss McNear*s en
gagement to Harry Leppe was recently
announced, and, Miss Tibbitts is to wed
Captain Fox. -It was a pink luncheon, a
profusion of pink flowers being arranged
about the rooms and tied with ribbon to
matoh. The table decorations were in
keeping. with the room. Covers were laid
for twelve. . Those present ¦ were :
Miss Clara McNear, Mrs. ' James Bardell,
Mrs. John ; McNear Jr.- of Point Pedro, Mrs.
Harry McWeston, Mrs. Wellington S. Bell, Miss
Margaret Grant, Mlas Maud Bralnerd, Miss
Kittle Weston," Miss Tibbitts and Mrs. A. L.
Tibbitts. '¦¦' ' -• ' :"'"-. "-.I "•.:¦•":..-¦¦-:.'.-:'
*.'¦>' + -'. : -'s*
The ; "Williams' christening on Thursday
afternoon was a .very; smart affair. Th&
"Van -Ness avenue residence of Mr. and
Mrs. T. i H. Williams was .thronged with
friends. Rev. j William Corson Shaw of
Oakland officiated, and the three
months' old .baby duly became Thomas
Hanf ord . Williams Jr. An elaborate din
ner followed the christening. The guests
were: ¦ V : -V?"
Major Rathbone, Mr. and Mrs: Harry East
Miller, Hermann ' Oelrlchs, Naglee Burke,
Colonel and Mrs. Daniel • Burns, John Ferris,
the Misses Ferris, Mrs. E. L. G. Steele, E. L.
G. Steele- Jr.,- Mrs. Charles A. Bennet, Miss
Elsie : Bennet, Charles A. Bennet, Daniel Mur
phy, Miss Tlbbe Taylor, .Mrs. David Blxler,
Alexander Hamilton, Mr. and Mrs. Stanley H.
Jackson, Thomas McCaleb, Mr. and Mrs. Adam
Andrews, ; Thruxton Beale, Colonel Felton, Miss
Florence Burnham, Miss Belle Burntiam, Mrs.
Lombard, Laurence Draper, Dr. Clinton Cush
lng,^ Mr. and Mrs. T. • T. Williams, Mr. and
Mrs. Samuel Hubbard, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Prather Clark, Colonel and Mrs. Hermann Ben
del." Miss Evelyn Bendel, Miss Johanna Bendel,
Samuel Hubbard, Charles Hubbard, Arthur
Goodfellow, Hugh Goodfellow and Colonel Kirk
patrlck. ¦
* ¦ * *
The engagement is announced of Miss
Effie "Ramsey, daughter of Mrs. M. Man
ning . of Nashville, and G. B. Jewett, a
.prominent railroad man of "this city. The
bride-elect has spent some little time
here and has made many friends* The
groom-elect is connected with the Santa
Fe Railroad. No date is set for the wed
ding. ' i • . V"-'.!-
•Peter D. Martin has been spending a
few days at Burlingame.
Ex-Senator Felton and daughter, Mrs.
Elkins, have opened their summer home
at Menlo Park.
* » •
The George. D. Toys' are entertaining
Miss "Viola Shaw of Boston at San Ra
fael. • . >;4> .
Percy King' has returned from his
Eastern trip. ¦''.,..'
• ;. •' ;, # il :•
; A delightful ping-pong party was given
by Mrs. J. J. Crooks at her country home
in San Rafael Thursday afternoon.
Prizes were awarded to Mtss Kitty Ains
worth, Mrs. Fred Beaver and Miss Ber*
tie Bruce. The guests were:
Mrs. J. J. Crooks,' Mrs. Frank Mathison, Mrs.
William Casey. Miss La Salle, Miss Kitty Alns
worth, Mrs. Fred" Beaver. Miss Bertie Bruce,
Mrs. Flechler,. Mrs. Leslie "Wright. Mrs. Vin
cent, Mrs. . Neal, Mrs. Hitchcock, Miss Bruce,
Mrs. Pond and Mrs. Black. f
The marriage of Miss Alice Frank to
Henry T. , ; Ottenheimer will take place
next "Wednesday, afternoon at 1 o'clock
at' the, home "of the bride, 2121 'California
street,vin. the presence of relatives and a
limited: number of friends. - , '
The petition of the United Railroads
Company of San Francisco for a' street
railroad franchise on Bay and Buchanan
streets came up yesterday morning be
fore the Street Committee, of the Super
visors, composed of Peter J. Curtis, John
Connor and Samuel Braunhart.
Supervisor Braunhart stated that he
vas in favor of granting the franchise,
provided that the United Railroads of
San Francisco would in turn grant to the
city and county the right to use Market
street for thelproposed municipal Geary
street road, without Questioning the right
of the city to use the street.
Joseph S. Tobin replied that the United
Railroads Company was particularly, de
sirous of obtaining the franchise for five
blocks on Bay and Buchanan streets in
order to reach the power house for the
purpose of housing the men and cars, and
of obtaining additional power.
Regarding the other 'franchises* M^.
Tobin said . the company submitted that
the same should be granted subject to
reasonable conditions.
Supervisor Connor said that if the rail
way, company would grant the use of the
Sutter Street Railway Company's rails
on Market street he would vote in itavor
of the franchise on Bay and Buchanan
streets.
• J. S. Tobin said the privilege is worth
millions. of dollars and the "United Rail
roads Company ha's an exclusive right to
operate on Market street, and that if a
concession is made in this respect it will
impair, the validity of the franchise and
would be unjust to the .company's stock
and bond holders. Continuing, Mr. Tobin
said: y. .
"I have consulted with our directors
and we do not think we can make this
concession in justice to our stockholders.
"If the Bay street franchise is not
granted we must build our power house
along the line of the present roads."
Charles "W. Reed asked that the matter
be laid over for one week in order to
offer certain conditfons in the proposal,
and it was. so ordered. . '
Applications for franchises for the Cal
ifornia Street Railroad Company and
Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
also went over for one week.
The committee was in favor of the
pas-sage of the ordinance submitted by
the Commercial Pacific Cable Company
to lay an underground conduit for a
trans-Pacific cable, and it will come up
for passage next Monday.
THE discussion of a Pacific cable in the House
brought out a. great- variety of opinions. Mr.
Dalzell* declared himself opposedio" a Govern
ment cable and also opposed to Mr. Mackay's propo
sition to lay. one. The va4ue of his contribution to
the debate may be judged by his peroration, in which
he said: ; "I want an* American cable, built by Ameri
can capital, in American workshops, by American
wage-earners, laid by American ships, under the
American flag."
When other: people' talk that way in opposition to
our manufactures Mr. Dalzell and his colleagues , on
the Ways and Means Committee get quite warm
about it Nor is he always consistent in his reiterated
and reaffirmed Americanism, or he would stand by
the rights of American farmers against the] Cuban
He opposes the Mackay cable . because he says it
will be built in England. - The fact is that no ocean
cable can be built without going to England for the
material. She owns and controls the only insulating
material that is known. Only gutta percha will insu
late and protect an ocean cable. England controls
the gutta percha suppiy of the world, and the ma
terial is worth $6 per pound. This is the reason that
England has a monopoly in the manufacture of
cables.
If Mr. Dalzell will look a little further into the sub
ject he will find that one.of the greatest sources of
supply of gutta percha is in the Mahometan islands
of the Philippine- archipelago, which we are supposed
to own.. Their gutta percha, copal gum and other
natural products' of highly concentrated value find a
market in Singapore and: go to London. When
Americans have desired to locate on .Mindanao for
commercial purposes, having been invited there by
the Mahometan. Dattos and Sultan, the American
Congress, including Mr. Dalzell, has refused them the
right, and they 'have been made the objects of public
suspicion and political abuse. The English traders,
however, circulate freely among our Mahometan sub
jects, enjoy their confidence and respect and get their
trade. Instead of traders Mr. Dalzell aids in sending
there the troops, trained in destruction by making
Samar a howling wilderness, to slaughter hundreds of
Moros without adequate cause and make all Ameri
cans the objects of hatred and suspicion. For all
this England is very much obliged, and can afford to
smile on Mr.- Dalzell's intense Americanism which
proposes to prevent the laying of any cable until it is
insulated by the star-spangled banner, while he makes
it forever impossible to lay an American-built cable
by preventing American .control of an article with
out which no cable can be' laid.
So. far, ; thanks to that kind of Americanism, we
have air the expense and all the hatred in the Philip
pines and England, is getting the most important part
of the trade and control of such commercial special
ties as gutta percha and copal gum.
Mr. Corliss, author of the Corliss bill for a Gov
ernment cable, followed Mr. Dalzell in the same
strain, except that , he wants a cable manufactured,
laid, owned and operated by the Government. If
his bill pass the Government cannot have a cable
builfin this country without robbing the taxpayers,
on the reason that the Government cannot get the
material. If that fact become known, and the
knowledge carry with it the further fact that Ameri
can merchants and traders, if allowed to do so, will
make an industrial conquest of the Philippines, which
will slay no people, create no howling' wilderness,
cost the taxpayers nothing and leave no loathing and
hatred in the .breasts of the people, and at the same
time. give us control of gutta percha and the ability
to make an American cable, the discussion will not
have been in vain.
THE PACIFIC CABLE.
BRIDES-ELECT
ARE FETED BY
MRS. TIBBITTS
PETITION FOR
FRANCHISE GOES
OVER A WEEK
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
tire, separation from the state. M.- Joiiares, speaking
for the Socialists, also urged further action toward
restricting the powers of the clergy, but he went fur
ther than the Radical leader in advocating a . reduc
tion in the military service by urging that, France
should 'take the lead in the disarmament of 'the "na
tions. It appears, therefore, that while the Radicals
and the Socialists voted with the Ministerialists for
the resolution of confidence, they. are not wholly sat
isfied. In the meantime the Conservatives are frankly
discontented. One of them declares.: "We are
threatened with* a brutal application of the law of
associations and the suppression of the liberty of
teaching. We have serious reasons for believing the
Ministry will not last three months." '
The new Premier is not widely known. He is by
profession a doctor of medicine.- He is a member of
the Senate and has served as Vice President of that
body. For a time he was the .leader of the Radical
Republicans in the Senate. He received his early in
struction at the Roman Catholic seminary of Albi,
was for a time a schoolmaster," andj> is • regarded as
one of the foremost" authorities in France on educa
tional matters.] He is described ;¦ as a cool, clear
headed, practical man with a vast store of common
sense. He has a good share of the old Jacobin spirit
of the Revolution, tempered 4 by modern ideas.
Finally, it is said he is an early riser, an indefatigable
worker and has a great faculty for making 'and re
taining friends. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLj SATURDAY, tfUNE 14, 1902.
The world [ never before:saw so many volcanoes ac
tive in the' newspapers as now. ' :
Keep looking youns and saVe your hair. Its
color and beauty with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15cts.
6
t? Going to Thunder Mountain. ??
The Northern Pacific Railway is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewiston
and Stites, - Idaho. . there are . good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which points
the trails Into thla district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELER.
G. A.. 647 Market St.. S. F. •
Call subscribers contemplating; a change of
residence daring the inmmer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to. their. .new
•ddreaiei by notifying- The Call BufneM Office.
This paper will ' also lie - on wale at all inmmer
resorts and la represented by a local agent In
all towns on the coast.
10 EUBSCR1BEBS LEAYIKG TOOT FOR THE SDMMEfi.
CHAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases has arrived and they
are now ready for distribu-
tion. All . subscribers to Th«
Call are entitled to a copy of
tbla fijreat book. at the prem-
ium rate of *1 SO. Oat of
town inbicrlbers destrlns a
copy of this splendid prem-
ium will be supplied on re-
ceipt ot fl BO. AJl mall
order* -will be abipped by. cx«
preaa at subscriber's expense.LITTLE BOY WHO WAS RESCUED FROM A WATERY GRAVE BY
FOUR BRAVE FIREMEN, THREE OF WHOM COULD NOT SWIM,
AND ONE OF THE RESCUERS.
The members of the Iroquois Club met
last evening to hear the. report of Charles
Holcomb, who has been doing organiza
tion work, in the southern part of the
State. Holcomb reported that the Iroquois
Club at Bakersfield had invited the mem
bers to a barbecue 'and installation, which
takes place July 4. The club decided to
attend the festivities. The Southern Pa
cific Railroad, it was announced, will place
a special car at the disposal of thet mem
bers' and charge but one fare, for the
round trip.-
Iroquois Club to Take Trip.
John Poggi was . tried before a jury in
Judge Lawlor's, court yesterday on a
charge of an assault with intent to com
mit a robbery. The jury brought in a
verdict of an assault with intent to com
mit grand larceny and the Judge ordered
him to appear for sentence June 21. Pogr
gl and another man who escaped struck
Walter ' Bergholtz on the hea-1 with a
piece of lead pipe in Hardy place on the
night of February 22 and were searching
his pockets when Policeman George
Douglass appeared on the scene. They
ran away, but Poggi was caught.
Poggi-Is Convicted.
A vote of thanks was tendered Mrs.
Martin for her untiring efforts toward
the success of the flower show.
The society expressed its deep obliga
tions to the Harbor Commissioners for the
office and other accommodation during
the exhibition, and tendered thanks to the
Southern Pacific Railroad and press of
San Francisco for their support.
On the motion of Mrs. Martin Dr. Harry
Tevis was elected a life member of the
society,' Dr. .Xevis having expressed his
intention to send a life member fee of $50.
The following were enrolled members: M.
Joaquin Leuth, Mrs. E. G. Crane, Joseph
Thompson, J. Elchler and Peter Thelsen.
It was shown that the receipts taken
at the box office, including- a donation of
$50 from the Cox Seed Company, amount
ed to $805 50. Bills were paid up to June
10 amounting to $757 55, leaving a balance
of $47 95. ._
Mrs. John R. Martin read the .report of
the society's show last month, explaining
the eminently satisfactory results, and
complimented all who had labored for the
success of the floral exhibition. •
Mrs. . John R. Martin (chairman), Mrs.
Emma Hodgkins, Mrs. H. D. Trlchou, Mrs. A.
R. Ounnnon, Mrs. E. T. Crane, Mrs. Austin.
Sperry, Mrs. J. Leach,' Mrs. 3T. Knell, Mr*. J.
Brannin, Mrs. ' M. McKevitte, * Mrs. C. Pest
fiorf, Mrs. C. Friedman, Mrs. H. Littleholt and
Mrs. E. H. Kittridge.
The California State Floral Society met
yesterday at 223 Sutter street. \ Those
present were:
and Leave Balance to the
Good.
Receipts at Show Cover All Expenses
SATISFACTORY REPORT
ON FLORAI, EXHIBITION
Contractor Porter, who had charge of
the repairing of the cable connecting Ju
neau. with Skagway, performed his work
successfully and on June 9 the first mes
sages between the two points were trans
mitted.' .
The low water In the Yukon is still giv
ing the river steamers - a great . deal of
trouble. At times the water rises under
the influence of the warm sun, but a fall
in temperature sends it down again.
• When the Dawson passengers of the
Princess May left the Klondike metrop
olis five cases of smallpox had broken out
among the passengers of the steamer
White .Horse and it seemed likely that
there would be a somewhat lengthy de
tention of that vessel and her passengers
and. crew. Those on . board the White
Horse when she was quarantined and the
vessel itself were detained at Dog Island,
below Dawson. . ..
It is. the opinion of th"e Canadian cus
toms officers at Caribou that much gold
dust is surreptitiously being run down the
Yukon to St. Michael. Such pold, of
course, does not pay the royalty now in
force and therefore .will never be classed
with the output of the Yukon district.
' VANVOUVER, B. C, June 13.— What
may practically be termed the first gold
to arrive from the Klondike this season
was brought here to-day on the steamer
Princess May. Approximately $150,000 in
dust came on the vessel. About $70,000
came down on the City of Seattle. Ac
curate news of the clean-up is difficult
to obtain, as claim owners keep the re
sults very quiet. ¦ ¦¦
Officers Report That Much
Gold Is Being Smuggled ,
Down the Yukon.
Steamer Princess May
Carries Klondike
Cargo.
BRINGS YELLOW
DUST OF MINERS
Two troops of the Third Cavalry, Major
Otto Heln In command, left yesterday for
6everal months' duty in the Sequoia. Gen
eral Grant and Yosemite National parks
Twenty-eight unclaimed bodies of soldiers
who died in the Philippines were buried
at the Presidio yesterday. Company I
Ninth Tnfantry, will leave for Madison
Barracks, New York, next Tuesday
News in Army Circles.
The Supreme Court yesterday issued a
writ of mandate compelling the County
Clerk to allow Ida W. Hopkins to file
notice of her dismissal of a suit for di
vorce. The lower ordered Mrs
Hopkins to pay the costs of the suit for
her husband and directed the County
Clerk not to permit her. to file a notice
of dismissal until this should be done
The Supreme Court holds that this order
was illegal. ,. .;,
Can File Notice of Dismissal.
This week. In accordance with Its an
nual custom, the San ' Francisco News
Letter has issued an outing number, with
a colored cover, and fully illustrated. It
is a perfect guide to rest-seekers. None
of the regular departments have been
neglected, and altogether it Is a number
of unusual merit. Parts of the State
where one may enjoy a few weeks'
respite from -work and . worry. It is a
complete guide for the prospective rest
hunter. In addition to this the News
Letter has its regular departments, each
one of which is fully up to the standard.
Evelyn Madison has written for this is
sue an extremely bright and entertain
ing summer resort story, "The Thief,"
which Is full of humor and satire, and
has a touch of tragedy. "The Incarnation
of the Summer Girl," by W. O. McGee
han, is appropriate to the occasion.
"The Telephone as a Means of Warfare"
is a delightful burlesque. Then there are
the departments devoted to literature,
drama, finance and insurance, all han
dled by specialists. The society depart
ment is complete, and the Looker On tells
some great stories on the visiting arid
local Shriners. The Town Crier does not
forget to show his temper; and • alto
gether It is a number of extra merit. •
To-Day's News Letter.
SAN JOSE. June 13.— The decree in the
suit of Maud L». Brown for divorce from
Milton V. Brown has been filed. It shows
a separation -.was granted on statutory
grounds, the co-respondent being a Los
Angeles woman. The plaintiff was award
ed alimony, counsel fees and a right to
resume her former name. Evidence
showed that the relations between the
couple had been of the most amicable
nature until the cause of suit occurred,
which was but a few days before the
complaint was filed. There had not been
any desertion of the plaintiff on the part
of the defendant.
Decree in Brown Divorce Suit.
SALEM, Ore., June 13.«— Governor Geer
land Superintendent Lee of the peniten
tiary to-night offered a reward of $3000 for
the capture and return, dead or alive, of
Tracy and Merrill, the escaped convicts.
This is double the amount offered here
tofore.
The officers believe it is more than likely
that they will come eventually to Port
land. At all events, they are further than
ever away from capture and the only hope
the Sheriffs have of rinding them is in re
ports that come in from along their route
when they become hungry and seek food
at a farmhouse. Through the densely
matted bushes that fill every bottom and
swale and in the fir forests a little further
up the range they could move for days
without attracting notice.
Sheriff Durbin and his forces hit the
trail of the convicts early this morning In
the bottom below Graves. The dogs pro
ceeded rapidly for a time and then lost
the scent, which was cold. Once more E.
M. Carson, who has charge of them,
pushed through the brush and urged the
hounds "on, and once more they found the
trail, but the convicts had evidently back
tracked and presently the dogs, complete
ly baffled, gave it up, and that was the
last trace of the convicts.
Where the convicts are now no one
knows. They may be walking calmly
along some mountain road in Clackamas
County, headed for the mountains, or they
may be working their way toward Port
land. They have five pounds of bacon,
sufficient to enable them to travel several
days without disclosing their whereabouts
by applying for food at ranches, and they
are undoubtedly rested by this time from
the strain of the first flight ahead of the
hounds.
PORTLAND. Or., June 13,— The hunt for
Tracy and Merrill, the escaped convicts,
has been abandoned by Sheriffs Durbin
and Cook and the State troops have been
sent home. Governor Geer has doubled
the reward for the capture of the fugi
tives, dead or alive, making It now $3000,
which may lead some one to take up the
chase again. Both Sheriffs will hold them
selves In readiness to proceed in the di
rection of any authentic report of the
whereabouts of the two outlaws, but until
such information comes, it is believed, it
will be just as well to wait at home and
allow the fagged out men and dogs to
take thfe rest which has been denied them
for the past five days.
Charles Ferrell of Reno, Nev., a brother
of Guard Frank Ferrell, who was mur
dered by Tracy and Merrill, has arrived
here and declares that he will alone take
up the trail of the fugitives and endeavor
to run them down.
Them. Down.
Brother of Murdered Guard
Will Alone Try to Run
Tracy and Merrill Es
cape the Posses on
Their Trail.
MAN-HUNT ENDS;
FUGITIVES SAFE
Judge Troutt yesterday granted permis
sion to the executors of , the estate of Cal
vin Fareo to effect a compromise with
Miss Jennie Dutrit. Miss Dutrit accepts
$9000 and withdraws her claim upon' the
estate of the. deceased liquor man. She
claimed to be his* widow. .
Grants X/eave to Compromise.
At a meeting- of the Labor Council held
last night, extensive plans were laid for
the celebration of Labor day. The coun
cil, after much discussion, decided . to
raise the boycotts on the Techau Tavern
and also the restaurant owned by Rue
dlger & Loesch. :,. •. • '
Plan Big Celebration.
RAY HAWLET, aged 9 years, who
lives with his parents at 440 Chen
ery street, . owes his life to the
bravery of four firemen, members
of the local department. He fell
into the Spring: Valley Water Company's
reservoir, which is located at West ave
nue and Holly Park, and would have
drowned had not Captain Eugene O'Con
nor, Lieutenant George Styles, Engineer
W. S. Casebolt and Hoseman Thomas
Connors plunged Into the cold waters and
savgl him. The rescue was a thrill
ing one. The four men, whose duty
it is to save property and lives at fires,
plunged into .the water with as much
nerve as they would display at the big
gest conflagration.
Lieutenant Styles was the only swim
mer in the quartet, but this did not
stop the others from plunging Into the
reservoir, which is 25 feet deep by actual
measurement. The deed the four per
formed yesterday is equally as notable as
those performed by heroes who have been
awarded the Scannell Medal. They took
their lives In their hands. Their I only
thoughtywas to save a life, and having
succeeded in their task, they feel they
have been amply rewarded.
BOY FAI/LS INTO WATEB.
Little Ray and his smaller . brother. 1 -
Jerrold, were watching the geysers that
flow, over the aerator on the Holly Park
reservoir. They were curious to know
what made the .water flow Incessantly
over the sides of the artificial waterfall
Ray, who Is an Intelligent lad, spoke to
an old man who lives in the vicinity and
the latter .volunteered to conduct the
youngsters to the spot so that they could
see . for themselves. According to the
boy the unknown man brought theni as
far as the fence and. pointed a' way by
which they could enter the grounds and
play. Once inside the water company's
property the little fellows roamed at will
They soon came to the lake and played
At the election of officers of the League
of the Cross of ; the , archdiocese of San
Francisco, iwhich took place last Wednes
day night ¦ at ; 108 Grove : street, the follow
ing were elected: • President of the board
of idirectors. Dr. 'Richard Dowdall;' vice
presidents Dr. Cunningham; treasurer, J.
Christie; secretary, James Hayes; colonel
of the First Regiment, League of the
Cross Cadets, Colonel James E. Power
Election of ; League Officers.
Shriners. Get this week'a Wasp; parade pic
tures; San "Francisco illustrated; 60 pages
Splendid souvenir. All news stands. 25 cents.*
. The inaugurators of the- Newsboys*
Union met at the Turk Street Temple last
evening when they enrolled many new
members.* Rob Wall, known to his con
freres as-Vtheking of the newsboys."
occupied the chair. He was supported by
"Bowery Red," king of the Seattle news
boys, who had come to, the city purposely
to. assist In. the organization and with
that end in view brought with him a set
of rules that guide the destiny of the
union: in Seattle. Wall also had the as
sistance of "Arty" Zellnsky, the secretary
and John Murphy and Pete Enright. ser
geants-at-arms.' It was announced' that
there are • already * 350 . members in the
union and there is every prospect that in
a few days ; the treasury will contain JBO
"Bill" Murray, the boy who had to uu
dergo the amputation of his leg, was given
a badge^ free, and -was. admitted a mem
ber of the union, free of dues for the
next year. . . .7-
union Newsboys Meet.
The brave fire laddies modestly accept
ed the praise showered on them. Little
Ray. was very thankful to the firemen
for saving his life. He says he will be
a. brave man when he grows up and join
the San Francisco. Fire Department"
Accustomed to obey, Styles jumped in
with all his clothes on. He dove and
brought the lad to the surface. Captain
O'Connor, Engineer Casebolt and Hoso
man Connors saw their comrade and the
lad were In danger of being carried off by
s the current. In an instant they grabbed a
heavy plank and plunged into the cold
water. After hard work all reached the
shore and carried" their burden to Cap
tain O'.Connor's home. The little fellow
was placed in bed and Mrs. O'Connor
worked like a Trojan to save his life. Dr.
Fritz was' called In and also labored for
an | hour. Late in the afternoon the boy
was reported to be on a fair road to re
covery. ¦: . • ¦ ; .•¦¦¦¦' . - , . ¦ .
FIREMEN TO THE RESCUE.
Captain O'Connor learned during the
run that Styles was the only swimmer in
the party.
"Lieutenant," he yelled, "jump in there
and save the- boy."
along Its bankf. Strange to re
late, the watchman was not in
sight, and their fun was not marred.
Ray suggested that they take off their
shoes and stockings and cool their feet.
With shoes and stockings In hand the.y
moved from bank to bank,, having a
jolly time. At last they came to a land
ing or chute, and both clambered down
a few feet to the ' water's edge' I and
watched for fishes. Ray lost his balance
and fell in. His younger brother began
to scream and cry for hla brother. For
tunately some one in the neighborhood
saw the lad in the water and ran to engine
house No. 32 and notified the firemen.
Without a moment's hesitation the four
brave men vaulted the high fence and
rushed through the grounds. They saw
the lad struggling in the water and re
newed their pace. When they came close
to where he fell in they could only see
his fingers wriggling in the water.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 14, 1902.
Four Members of Engine-House 32 Jump
Into a Reservoir and Save Little Ray
Hawley's Life at ; Risk of Their Own
BRAVE FIREMEN RESCUE
A DROWNING SCHOOLBOY
7
Help and Health for Those Who Now
|f Cry, "Oh ! Dear. I am Really Not'
Well Enough to Work, But I am
V/UJLlgt/U. J.U.
How. often these significant words are spoken in our great mills,
shops, and factories by the poor, girl who has worked herself to the
point whe're nature can endure no more and demands a rest! The poor
sufferer, broken in health must stand aside and make room for another.
¦' The foreman says, "If you are not well enough to work you must
leave, for we must put some one in your place."
Standing all day, week in and week out, or sitting in cramped posi-
tions, the poor girl has slowly contracted some deranged condition of
her organic system, which calls a halt in her progress and demands
restoration to health before she can be of use to nerself or any one else.
To this class of women and giris Mrs. Pinkham proffers both sym-
pathy and aid.; When these distressing weaknesses and derangements
assail- you,t remember that there is a remedy for them all. We have on
record thousands of such cases that have been absolutely and penna- S
nently cured byXydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, restoring
to vigorous health and lives of usefulness those who have been pre- :
jv3j?^ El fj FSftek &'H iv E^m^^ k« IP* Wff «4€vr^ w% t5C^ l^i r^^—\>
AMUSEMENTS.
pVT^J T?n Cf J^^ y"**V*'^^^\2^v51
Same Success as Last Year ot This Beautiful
Racing Play.
ALL THIS -WEEK.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
MB. JAKES NEILL AND COMPANY In
DION BOUCICAULT'B GREAT RACING
PLAT.
1 I 'T-TTT! I BARGAIN I
-¦- ¦*¦ -*¦ ¦ ' I MATINEE
1-T"T" I I I I THURSDAYS/
•J ¦ ¦ ¦ J^ 1 25c and 50c
Sunday Evening — C. Haddon Chambers' pow-
erful play. "CAPTAIN SWIFT."
SEATS READY. ','¦._-¦¦
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, JUNE 14.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c
; A VAUDEVILLE MECCA!
Cushmnn, Holcomb e and Curtis;
Howard Chambers; Barton and
Ashley, and the Biograph. Last
times of the Motogirl; Twin Nices;
X« Hoy and Clayton; Murphy and
Slater, and Irene Franklin.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST 2 NIGHTS- OF
MAUDE FEALY
In Jerom* K. Jerome's Clever Comedy,
"MISS HOBBS"
ftTeek Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
MAUDE FEALY
AXD
EDWARD MORGAN,
In a Macnlficent Production cf
* r Romoo and Juliet."
Pame Popular Prices — 10c 15c 25c 50c 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
Souvenir Toy Matinee To-Day
at 2 Sharp.
JBRECa THE CHILDREN TO ¦ EEE THEIR
MERRY FRIEND,
THE
Toy-Maker !
¦ TTTX AND MUSIC FOR EVERYBODY.
EEE THE GREAT TOY SHOP SCENE.
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 60c and 75o
Telephone Bush 9.!
yyLU mjQll A LEADING THEATEE
MATINEE SATURDAY.
l£$* ALL NEXT WEEK
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY MILLER,
MARGARET ANGLIN
And a SPECIAL. COMPANY. In
A. W. Pinero's Comedietta in Four Acts,'
TRELAWM OF THE WELLS
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday,
Prices— $150, ?1, 75c, 50c, 25c
June 23— "THE GAY LORD QUEX. M
» B\l RlSB BCL4SCO
B— 1 all IMtUi A THAU.
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-XIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST NIGHTS
The Heart to Heart Play of Human Interest. A
GUILTY MOTHER
A Drama of Mingled Laughter and Tears.
A Great Cast: Fanny Mclntyre. Annette
Jiarshall. Margaret Wycherly. Georgia Cooper,
Agnes Ratiken. Mabel Bowman. Earle Brown,
Jajnes Corrigan, Julius McVicker. Edwin T.
• Emery, Stanley Rosa, Elmer Booth, George
Nicholls and George P. Webster.
PQIfCe EVENINGS 10c to 50c
I niWLJ MATINEES 10c. 15c, 25c
Next Monday— "MY AUNT BRIDGET."
FlSCher's Theater.
ALL "WILL
LADY ATTEND
SHRINERS THE
MATINEE PERFORMANCE
THIS AFTERNOON.
Special feature* for the Xoble Visitors will
be introduced by KOLB, DILL, BERNARD
BLAKE. HEEMSEX, AMBER, GALLICK.
etc., etc., etc
A Matinee To- Morrow." — •
>*Ight Prices. 25c and 50c Matinees, 25c
vherever you choose to Fit.
We Will Soon Have a fit. Plerr* Eruption to
Explode Again.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND. EVENING.
ROMANY TRIO; HILL AND WHITAKER;
RAFFERTY AND ONSLAWi. ARTHUR
LANE: MLLE. LACRBbEE; THE LA-
MONTS, AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
cominctTharvey downing.
LOOPING THE LOOP!
THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY.
Admission ........... -10c Children. ....... ,8c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
EVERY EVENING THIS and NEXT WEEK,
MATINEE TO-DAY.
EXTRA MATINEE— Thursday, Jtme 19.
Appearance of the Favorite Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belacco f s Great Play,
ZAZA :
Seats Now Selling Two Weeks In Advance.
PATRIOTIC EXCURSION
TO LOS GATOS, SANTA CRUZ MOUN-
TAINS, TUESDAY, JUNE 17.
BUNKER HILL AfisnniTtntj
6ONS OF AMERICAN REVOLUTION———
SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA PIONEERS
•Special train leaves Third and Townsend sts.
8:15 a. m., stopping- at Valencia «t- Tickets,
round trip fl: children 60c For sale at depot
4norning of excursion. Music, Second Regiment
Band.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. in. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION IOo— CHILDREN 5c. -•
&£.thi&s^ Including: admission. 25c; children 20c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN" STEAMERS.
U. S. MAIL ROUTE.
' Vr™^^ SAILINGS.
\\ PRTHEM COiBIECIAL CO.
Will dispatch Its first-class steamers, carrying
United States mails, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
Aa Follows:
From San Francisco*
S. 8.' PORTLAND ...About June 20
S. S. ST. PAUL. About July 10
From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO ..—.-...July a
S. S. INDIANA „...„.. ..July 20
Connecting at Nome with steamer Saldie.
carrying United States mall, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City,
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers tot
Dawson. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
645 Market st.. San Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO-
Puget Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.
TOYO KISEN KAKflA.
STEAMERS WELL. U1AVE WHABT, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and.
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing 1 .
SS. HONGKONG MARTT
Saturday, June 23, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARTJ Thursday, July 24. 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU .7..
Saturday, August 16, 1003
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
Jiamburg^mehcan.
TWIX-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH — CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
K. Bismarck.... June 26IF. Bismarck.... July 24
Columbia ...... July 3[ Columbia ...... July 31
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE}
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Bluecher June 24 Pennsylvania .;July 8
Waldersee .....July 1 Moltke July is
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Aeents for PaciSo
Coast, 401 California St., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Paul. June 25, 10 am Phila. July 0. 10 an
St. Louis. July 2. 10 am St. Paul. July 16, 10 am
REL STAR LINB.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
"Vaderland June 21, noor. IZeeland. ..July 3. noon
Kroonlnd.June 28, noonlFrieslancl. July 12, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. , '
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.O.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
EAY AND jBXVEB CTT, ATVTRTIS.
FOB U. S..NAYY YAHD 'AND VALLEJO,
.Steamers GEN. FRISBK or HONTICELLO -
! 9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. T a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Main 1508. finding and .
office, pier 3, Ulsslon-stnet dock. KATCtl
BKOS. • V . __
When a medicine has been successful in restoring* to health
more than a million women, you cannot well say without trying?
it,'* I do not believe it will help me." If you are ill, do not hesitate
to get a bottle of Lydia E. * Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at
once, and write Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for special advice.
It is free and helpful. "Write to-day, delay may mean death. >
$RSg iCSk 40&t 4j3Sk nfllfl Rll Owing to the fact that some skeptical people
M H 21 H a td H UL HiJ fl U I I have from time to time questioned the genuine-
EU&k. EI&lEIRlHn Sli H if U IB I I ne»s of the testimonial letters we are constantly
ln| H IILII lillU publishing we have deposited with the National
a H H H H fcJ i! Citv &"**• °* Lym>> Mass., £5,000, which will
BHrHfelHSU oe V 3^ to an 7 person who will show that the above testimonial is not j
»j« %VJ§? nJv vi J§ genuine, or was published before obtaining the writer's special pennis- j
>^ 8ir i sion.— Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Company, Lynn, Man. |
" I wrote to you describing my troubles and followed your directions.- I
had doctored a prreat deal but nothing seemed to help. After using six bottles
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and four packages of
Sanative Wash I am again strong and healthy. - The Sanative "Wash cured ma
of the lexicorrhcea (whites). I would recommend your, remedies to all suffer-
ing women who need them." — Miss May Buechkkb, Middle Village P. O.,
Long Island, N.Y.
ikSSg^^£ Helped to Health by Mrs. Pinkham. - *
r^s** 1 " Dhab Mbs. PnrKHAM : — I am troubled very much with the whites, and
a bearing down of the womb. My back aches so that I am hardly able to
work. Will you kindly inform me what to do as I am suffering most terribly."
—Miss May BuEcmrEB, Middle Village P.O., Long Island, N. Y. (Mar. 17, 1900.)
" Dear Mes. PetkhAM : — I write to thank yon for the good your remedies
have done me.
Here Is the Story. of Thousands of Young Women who are
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OCEAN ; STEAMEBS.
. Pacific', Coast Steamship Co.
' ¦ Steamers leave San Fran- >
K?^.-.. cisoo as follows:
H»3§^ For Ketchikan, Juneau,
EK£yt!V*»»ta- Skagway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
E|sf$SG|g8!l m., June 15, 20, 25, 30, July
K§&%a XtAil 5, 10. 15. Chanee to com-
F8S*Cwfi§al pany's steamers at Seattle.
F**Q£8gBg\ For Victoria, Vancouver,
lit- port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
7^^*% coma, . Everett. Whatcom —
11 a. m. June 15, 20, 25, 30, July 5. 10. 15.
Change at SeatUe to this Company s steamers
coma^N t^B?": at Vanco^t" C. P. Ry.
Tor l E^ka" -tHumboldt . Eay>-l:30 p. m..
>Tor"iJ l A£%£ Port^A^es «,d
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
E^te^Tca!i 1 f oS' Thu»Say. 9 a. m.
ferey San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obisoo), Ventura, Hueneme and 'Newport
(•Corona only). - _
Corona, June 19, 27, July 6. 13.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., June 15, 23, July. 1, 9.
Magdaiena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder. .
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
ln^ICKT?r OFFICE—* New Montgomery
Etreet (Palace Hotel).
; C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Passerffet Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.^
O. R.& N. CO,-
¦ : ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Orv
And Short Rail Line From Portland to AH
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
- LOWEST HATUS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 12. 22, July 2, 12
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 17, 27. July 7
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Mong^y. S.F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vapores
To ValDaralso, stopping at" Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier. 10.. 12 m.
AREQUIPA....June 30[GUATEMALA..Aug. 11
TUCAPEL.....July lSlPALENA Aug. 30
' These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and • passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
V VVUHaV <?*<*« We 0|RECr LU(E ToTAHn £
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. /
Saturday, June 21, 2 p.m.
SS.' SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
¦ and Sydney. . . .Thursday, July 3, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. ."..'.
.... i •. .-. .-.Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. m.
J. D. SPBICIELS & BROS. CO., GMeM Ajts., 329 Harfct
Gei'I Pass. Office. 643 Maitat Si, PiEi 8a. 7. Pacific sl
COMPAGNIS 6SKEBALS TBAHSATLASTiauT.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Balling every Thursday, instead of.rf€rj53rB|
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, •3aUSfi3
North - River, foot of Morton • street. -
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN.
ADA. - 32 Broadway (Hudson ¦ building), N«w
York. J. P. :FUGAZI;*-CO., Faciflo Coaat
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets Bold by all Ralload Ticket Agents.
The old idea that dandruff is scales
of skin thrown off through a feverish
condition of the scalp is exploded. Pro-
fessor Unna, Hamburg, Germany, Euro-
pean authority on skin diseases, sava
dandruff is a grerm disease. The jferm
burrows under the scalp, throwing ud lit-
tle scales of cuticle and sapping the vi-
tality of the hair at the n>bt. The only
hair preparation that kills dandruff germs
Is Newbro's Herpicide. "Destroy th*
cause, you remove the effect" Not onlv
cures dandruff, but stops falling hair and
hair e d a res a S ing XUrIant &r0Wth V ™*>«uj
Greatest European. Authority on Skin
Diseases Says It's a Germ.,
WHAT CAUSES DANDRUFF.
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels-
Desirable location,
unsurpassed cuisine,"
unequaled ser-
vice and modern
convenience's are the
attributes that have
made these two ho-
tels popular with
tourists and travel-
ers who visit San
Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
soap responds to water in-
stantly; washes and rinses
off in a twinkling..
It is the finest toilet soap
in all the world.
Established over loo years.
Q — — — B— —B— » O
$^S Specialists
f[ 1^^1 FOR
: <^PECTAL ATTENTION GIVEN
*^to Varicocele, Contagious Blosd
, Diseases and. Acute and Chronic
'Urethral and Prostatlo Inflamma-
I tions, Consultation free- and : no
charge whatever for treatment of
any case In which cure Is not ef-
fected.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.,
, 1140 Market Street,
Opposite Male's.
gS\ CHICHESTCR'8 ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
H .~<K*"V _ Orl«ta«I and Only Oennlno.
W-f7/yj£\.BATE. Alwtrs reliable. LmHo*. "* Drnzrtrl
j& pit A
iCmtB signature is on every box of the genolai
.Laxative BromorQuiiiineT»biet*
xtxt remedy that cores a cold In oao daft
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND.
. RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats, 0 Stockton st.
- CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. 3:15
P. M. SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
BASEBALL,
A car-load. of Call Superior,
Atlanta lias arrived ' and they
are now ready for dUtrlbn-
tlon. All ' subscribers to The
Call are entitled to a copy of
this great book at the prenv
lam rate of . *1 60. Out of
town subscribers j desiring a
copy of this splendid prem-
lam will be supplied on re*
ceipt i of *1 60. All mall
orders will be shipped! by ex-
press . at subscriber's ' expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Yioualy sorely distressed, itead. the following letter.Delegates to the Grand Parlor Are Cited to
Appear Before Judge Seawell, Monday,
on an Alternative Writ v of Mandamus
NATIVE DAUGHTERS TO AIR
THEIR TROUBLES IN COURT
Ehrinere. Get this. week's Wasp;. parade pic
tures; Ban Francisco Illustrated; -60- pages.
£plen£id souvenir. All news stands." 25 cents.*
At a meeting of : Pacific . Council of the
National Union last evening Deputy
J. N. Bunting was presented with a hand
some reclining chair as -a token of their
appreciation of his work' in the.. order.
The presentation speech was made by H.
TV. Maas. . :
Chair for the Deputy.
Mayor Schmltz has addressed a letter
to the National Convention of Plumbers,
¦ being held at Atlantic Clty^ N. J., invit
ing that body to hold its next convention
in this city. • He has also forwarded
communications to the American Library
Association and the Musicians' Associa
tion, inviting them to hold their conven
tions In San Francisco.
Wants Conventions to Come Here.
Burglars Ransack Three Dwellings,
but Fail to Find Money or
Jewels.
. Three cases of r burglary were reported
to the police yesterday. . C. C. Lecy re
ported that his room at 1148 Sutter street
had been entered by means of a, skeleton
key between : 6 and 12 o'clock s Thursday
nigkt- and thoroughly ransacked, but
nothing was taken except a, razor and a
package of tobacco.' :- - : ,. v , .
Miss Hamlin, 1849 Jackson street, re
roned that about 3 o'clock Thursday aft
ernoon. she J went to "the telephone room,'
but found, the door locked. She effected
an -entrance , by •¦ another 'door and found
that the telephone box had been opened,'
but tne amount stolen she did not know.
A key was on the floor with .which; the
box had been 1 opened.. A man who-was
rt- pairing a window in the house saw a
yoiing'man leaving about that time, car
<fylng a coll of wire on his " shoulder. - V
Mrs. Veail, 2815 Devisadero street, re
ported, that shortly, after-3 o'clock yester-;
day ; morning she • was ;: awakened by,- a
noise in her room and saw a man with a
lighted candle in his hand, who immedi
ately disappeared when asked what' he
wanted.- Nothing ¦ had beenHaken by the
stranger. , -
BREAK INTO HOUSES BUT v
TAKE NOTHING OF VALUE
A. warrant from 'judge Fritz's court
•was 'issued yesterday for the arrest of G.
M. Bollard by the State Board of Baiv
bers' Examiners for changing a name
signed to a. barber's certificate.- It is al
leged that Bollard .changed a certificate
issued to A. -.M.- Pollard, and this act is
punishable by a. fine of from $10 to $100
Barbers" Bring Charges.
Presented to Alfred C. Glrard, Assistant Sur
geon General, U. S. A., on the occasion of Mr
promotion, June 8. l»02, by the medical staff
of the U. S. A. General Hospital,. Presidio, San
Francisco, as a token of the respect and esteem
in which be is beld by the officers cf .his com
mand.
Receives Handsome Loving Cup
The medical officers at the Presidio
General Hospital on Thursday evening
ina.de. a present of a handsome loving cup
to Colonel Gerard, who has justbeen or
dered to Washington for duty In the of
fice of Surgeon General Forward The
gift bore the following inscription:
' Numerous complaints are also - made of in
civility of certain officers on) duty In the City
Prison toward persons having business there.
This will be included in above order.
I have received numerous complaints lately
of discrimination being shown in favor of cer
tain attorneys and against others in regard to
the privileges of the City Prison in communi
cating with prisoners under arrest. I tak* this
opportunity., to say to you that I will not
tolerate anything' of .this sort. - The rule* and
regulations must be enforced without discrim
ination in favor of or against any person, and if
I: find any officer on duty there violating this
crder I will at once . transfer any and all of
the offenders to street patrol duty.
Persistent rumors that have been in cir
culation for some time that certain offi
cials In the . City Prison were favoring
a certain Police Court attorney to the
! detriment of other attorneys reached tho
ears, of Chief Wittman, and after making
an i'naulry the Chief issued the follow
ing ¦'-. statement fcnd order, which was
posted up In the prison yesterday:
ALLEGED DISCRIMINATION
BY CITY PRISON . OFFICIALS
, The new Italian cemetery in San Mateo
County, established by the Societa Ital
ian dl Mutua Beneficenza, is to be adorn
ed by a mortuary chapel, the plans of
Architect J. A. Porporato . having . been
accepted. The structure is to be classic
in . design and exceedingly massive. In
size the chapel is to be 30 by 35 feet' and
the material light gray Roman pressed
brick with terra cotta ornamentation. A
pair of bronze gates afford entrance and
the barred windows are to be filled with
fine examples of .art. glass. The floor
of the chapel is to be mosaic and the walls
of Rcagliola. The celling is of openwork
in California pine and the interior will be
adorned with appropriate carvings.
On either side of the chapel there will
be arranged thirty-two temporary vaults.
Structure of Pressed Brick
Has Been Designed That "Will -
Endure for Ages.
3:TEW MOBTTJABY CHAPEL
ITALIAN CEMETEBY
The suits were brought more than a
year ago for the purpose of restraining
Commissioner Clunle from canceling the
licenses of the plaintiffs. The allegation
was made that Clunle had retused to
accept : the bonds of the companies be
cause they had not paid' into the treas
ury of the city and county of San Fran
eifceo one per cent of their annual pre
miums as required by an act of the Leg
islature in 1885, entitled "An act to re
quire the payment of certain premiums to
counties and cities, and counties by fire
Insurance companies not organized under
the laws of California," said act requiring
the payment into the county treasury for
the Flremelv's Relief Fund one per cent
upon the amount of -all • premiums. The
plaintiffs contended that the act was un
constitutional and that the Supreme
Court of the State of. California had so
determined in the case of the City and
County of San Francisco vs. liiverpool
and bondon and -'Globe Insurance Com
pany.! ' . . ' ;: . —¦..
Five suits brought in the United States
Circuit Court for foreign fire insurance
companies against Insurance v Commis
sioner Andrew J. Clunle were dismissed
by United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday on motion of T. C. Coogan, at
torney for the insurance companies. At
torney Coogan had E. Myron. Wolf, pres
ent Insurance Commissioner, substituted
for. Clunie, whose, term of office. recently
expired, and after the substitution of
names had been ordered the cases were
dismissed.' • . •
cision of the State Supreme
Court as Law.
Commissioner Wolf Accepts the De-
The officers say that both Noian and
Roache were under the influence of liquor
and: that Nolan, when In that condition,
is very quarrelsome. Nolan threatens to
"break" the officers. •
Policemen P. N. Herring and A. G.
Hostetter entered a saloon at Sutter and
Polk streets after reporting off duty
Thursday night, and while having a drink
at the bar Nolan and Roache walked in.
According to the officers Nolan begvi to
make insulting remarks to them and as
no attention was paid to him he com
menced to pull Herring around by the
arm. Herring resented the undue fa
miliarity and Nolan and Roache showed
fight. They were soon subdued and were
taken to the Emergency Hospital, where
three lacerated wounds on Nolan's scalp
were stitched and dressed and Roache
had a wound on his scalp and wounds on
hlfi face and eyebrows attended to. They
were then booked at the City Hall sta
tion on a charge of battery.
John Nolan, son of the owner of the
California Stables, and James H. Roache,
a coachman, appeared before Judge Mo
gan yesterday on a charge of battery
and their cases were continued till Mon
day. Both had their heads covered with
bandages.
and Are Arrested for
Battery.
Citizens Get the Worst of the Fight
¦ m »
POLICEMEN ATTACKED BY
TWO MEN IN A SALOON
MOTHER SEEKS INSURANCE.— Mary J.
O'Connor brought suit asrainst the Grand Loaffe
of the Ancient Order of United Workmen of
California yesterday for $1000. alleged to be
due on an insurance policy issued to her son
by Harmony Lodge No. 9 of that order.
Annie A. Donaldson,' delegates • to th
Grand Parlor from Minerva Parlor, am
Annie L. Pendergast.
The entire session of the, Grand Parlor
ytsterday was taken up in the election of
erand officers. -In the morning Mrs. Ba
ker was placed t in nomination against
Miss Elixa D. Keith, but she declined.
Ihere being no other nominee. Miss Keith
was declared elected. Stella Finkeldey of
Santa Cruz was elected vice grand presi
dent; Miss Laura J. Frakes was re-elect
ed grand secretary; Amanda Hamerly
was re-ttected grand treasurer; Emma G
*oiey grand marshal, Eva Bussenius in
side sentinel. Theresa Muldoon outside
sentinel, Alana Stirling, Kathryn Mc-
OU^, '^ Aea Lander. . Anna Henderson,
Maud Wood, Mary Kaler and Rose Gne
kow trustees. A recess was taken till 7:30
o clock in order to clear up the file, as
U.e delegates are anxious to go on a trip
to Mount Tamalpais this morning. .
INSURANCE COMPANIES
WITHDRAW THEIR SUITS
Grant took passage at Seattle on the
steamer Charles Nelson, bound for San
Francisco, and gave his name as George
Roberts, When the steamer arrived, off
; Mendocino City last Thursday the steam
er. Navarro was,slghted flying signals of
distress. Captain L. J". Schage of the
Nelson ordered the steamer to the rescue,
and, while on the way in a rough sea, the
vessel pitching and rolling heavily, Grant
and several other, passengers, against the
captain's orders, climbed upon a pile of
barrels of lard the better to see what was
gcing on. -An unusually, violent lurch
caused three of the barrels to roll* over
board,, carrying Grant with them. In fall
ing into the sea' one of the barrels struck
Grant on the side of the head,
j Captain Schage ordered the boats low
ered and: called for -volunteers to re3cue
the man, whose body was tossing about
In the waves. Five brave members of the
crew responded and picked up the pass.en
ger, but he was dead,^'.
The Nelson towed the'Navarro into port
yesterday tfnd deliverSa the body and the.
effects of the dead man to the Coroner.
Deputy Coroner Median found among the
passenger's papers several letters. and re
ceipts' showing that the decedent was
Woodford M. Grant, that he was the
owner of a half interest .in fourteen,
placer claims in the Nome mining district
and that'he had visited Salt Lake, Mexico
and the Philippines on mining business.
Among his papers also was a receipt for
$1> .. from the Clallam Bay Record of
-Washington for advertising his filing -f
proof on. a tract of timber land in that
State. ,
\f "XI W OODFORD M * GRANT » a wel1
\\ ; \V / known mining man, whose
\Lt\u home is in Lynn, Mass., was
V V " accidentally, drowned last
Thursday while on the way
from Seattle to this port.
MINING MAN WHO WAS
SWEPT OVERBOARD AND
DROWNED AT .SEA.
Bill No. 646, which provides that no
franchise j to operate and maintain a
street railroad for the transportation of
passengers in the city and county of San
Francisco shall be hereafter granted ex.
cepting' that a condition is specifically
imposed In said franchise that all con
ductors, motormen and gripmen employed
in cars carrying or transporting passen
gers within the city and county of San
Francisco' shall be citizens of the .United
States, and members in good standing of
Division No. 205 of San Francisco or, some
other division of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation of Street Railway Employes ot
America, which was introduced by Sup
ervisor W. J: ,Wynn last week, was acted
upon .yesterday' before the joint . commit
tees of Streets and Judiciary and was
passed for consideration.
Richard Cornelius, Harry A. Knox and
W. G. Burton representing Division No.
205, were in attendance. During the de
bate Supervisor McClellan introduced a
resolution to the effect that no discrimi
nation, should be made against an em
ploye' on the ground that such employe
is a member of a labor union. This
resolution also was passed for considera
tion. /
Sides and Takes Matter Under
Advisement.'
Judiciary Hears Arguments of Both
COMMITTEE ON STREETS
PASSES ON WYNN'S BILL
NEW PRESIDENT . OF THE
NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF \
THE GOLDEN WEST.
Joseph Henry, agent for tha Tontine
Xroan and Security Company of St. Louis,
Mo., -who has an office in room 425 Par
rott building, was arrested yesterday on
& warrant charging him with misdemean
or embezzlement. The complaining wit
ness is Thioflo Rosa. 520% Pacific street,
vho appeared before Judge Fritz yester
day with his attorney, Henry Davis, and
cwore to the complaint.
• It is alleged that on June 11 Henry
called upon Rosa and induced him to part
¦with $50 on the promise that ! he would
deposit it in a bank for him anJ !-.c would
receive a high rate of interest. Rosa was
handed a receipt, as he supposed, for the
money, but discovered later that it was a
certificate for 50 shares in the company
represented JSy Henry. He at once com
municated with his attorney, who made
a demand upon Henry for the return of
the money, but it was refused, . hence the
warrant.
The police and bond and warrant
xrlerks say that a number -of people In
Ttosa's predicament have made similar
ccmplaints against Henry and it has now
been determined to see if the J.-iu cannot
reach him. He makes it a practice, it is
charged, to find out hardworking and 11-
Jiterate men who have saved some money
and by calling upon them Induces them
to part with it to be deposited m bank,
but instead gives them a receipt Tor
shares in.. the Tontine Company. -. /
Joseph. Henry Is Charged "With. Mis
demeanor Embezzlement by
Thioflo Rosa.
AGENT OF TONTTNE LOAN
COMPANY TJNDEB, ARREST
. The petition for the writ of mandamus
presented to Judge Seawell yesterday is
signed by Lizzie G. Shade, president of
Minerva Parlor; Mary A. Dempsey and
According to the complaint filed yester
cay, an effort was made to carry out the
Judge's instructions without success.
The fair plaintiffs claim they will not be
allowed to air their grievance before the
Grand Parlor. — .
THE delegates to the Grand Parlor
of the Native Daughters'- of.- the
Golden West have betn ordered
toy appear before Judge Seawell
next Monday and shew cause why
they should not grant the members of
Minerva Parlor a hearing on their objec
tions to the issuance cf a charter to Gen
evieve Parlor. Judge Seawell issued an
alternative writ of mandamus yesterday,
directing the appearance in court of tha
grand president of the order and the fair
delegates. An exciting time is expected.
as the Daughters have been waging bit
ter warfare ever since Mrs. G. 'W. Baker
favored the organization of Genevieve
Parlor.
• It is claimed that Genevieve Parlor was
instituted arbitrarily by Mrs. Baker after
the members of Minerva Parlor had
"black balled" the fair ones who were
enxious to secure the organization of a
new parlor. ¦.
A suit for an injunction restraining Mrs.
Baker from granting Genevieve Parlor a
charter was heard by Judge Murasky sev
eral months ago, but* the injunction was
refused, the court holding that it was a
matter for the Grand Parlor to pass judg
ment upon, and not a case to be decided
in a court of equity.
This is the first time the order has taken
a, step in this direction and -every effort
will be made to make the initiation the
greatest the Foresters of America in this
city has ever known.
The courts taking part will receive all
candidates their members secure and they
will also be permitted to retain the full
initiation fee in each case.
The meeting was addressed by Grand
Chief Ranger Wolfe, who spoke encourag
ingly of the work in hand. He offered
valuable suggestions in the line of how
the project should be carried out. '
For the purpose of carrying into 'effect
the provisions of the plan the executive
council of the • Grand Court will appro
priate a I sum of money sufficient to de
fray the , expenses and the balance will
be met by contributions from the various
courts. i-,~ -
A grand ball 'will be given.. the night
following the initiation -in" Eintracht Hall
in honor of the new members* Their, fam
ilies and the relatives of members now
in the order will be invited. , :
Syl Shaben,' grand marshal,' presented a
plan for a night parade to precede the in
itiation in Eintracht Hall,, on -Twelfth
street. He stated .that he expected be
tween 1500 and 2000. Foresters in line. He
will divide them into. five sections, each
under charge of a division- marshal and
aids. » The first -division is to be made up
of • courts from the interior and to be fol
lowed by the local courts in numerical
order, with four bands of music, red fire
and fireworks. ... • ~* .:
The chairman appointed a committee of
twelve to visit courts here and across the
bay for the purpose of arousing the en
thusiasm of the •members. . ' - •
...Arrangements were naade for the man
ner of initiating ¦ the large class of can
didates and. giving them the degfee and
secret work. >
There was a well-attended meeting last
night In the Alcazar building of the gen
eral committee that is arranging for the
monster initiation that the Foresters of
America proposes to hold in this city-Au
gust 15. John G. Chase Jr. of Court Co
lumbia presided. There are about forty
one courts located in this city,- Alameda
County and Marin County interested in
the proposition ; and an effort is .being
made to secure two thousand new. mem
bers. - . -• - ¦ • ¦ ,
.. "I do not," was the reply:
"Well, iron up your clothes ; and be on
Oeck at 7:30," Cornyn said, then left the
cell. - •
¦ Shortly after 7 o'clock last night Rev.
I. A. B. Wilson came to the Jail with a
certificate and soon after Miss Annie
Belle Nihill and her sister. Miss Kate
Nihill, arrived. The party seated them
selves in the superintendent's office and
Tiarker was brought from his cell attired
in a Prince Albert coat and a white neck-
Me and carrying a miniature warship,. the
work of his own hands. There were but
few spectators present. The attaches of
the' jail stood in one corner an* several
trusties watched intently from a stair
way in the hall. Little time was lost.
Kate Nihill and Superintendent Cornyn
signed as witnesses and after kissing his
sweetheart Barker arose, holding her by
the hand and walked to where Rev. Mr.
Wilson was standing.
The ceremony over the minister added
a little prayer.' It was that God would
lea a the couple out of their present difft
culvies and grant them srace to lead a
life of righteousness. Then the self-In
vited guests pressed forward, offering,
congratulations and afterward withdrew.'
Barker, his wife and Miss Nihill re
mained in the superintendent's room for
an hour, at the end of which the ladies
arose to leave. Then Barker presented
his wife with the miniature battleship he
had carried from his cell. It was made of
tinsel and colored flakd and was the only
wedding gift. . The woman carried It
away with her and as . she passed out of
the "door the threw a ktes back to her
husband, who was being led • by on the
way to. his cell.
Thomas A. \ Barker, charged .with burg
lary, and .Annie Belle Nihill/ , who was
found. with him in a nest of robbers, re
cently raided by the police , on : Natoma
street, were made hu3band and wife be
hind the iron doors of the, Broadway jail
last night. The wedding was one of the in
cidents of prison life. After the "solemn,
binding words", had been spoken the new
ly made vife spent a short. time In con
versation with her^husband, then left. the
jail to enjoy freedom, while he passed
back along the gloomy corridor and Into
his dingy cell to N await trial on a serious
charge that may send him to the peni
tentiary for many years. I
Barker, in company with his wife, her
sister, Joe King, | the "convict" preacher,
and^. James Hamilton, • were captured
about two months ago by. clever detective'
workjon the part ot Oflicer H. P. Braig.
Both "women were released in the police
court, but the men were held on several ,
charges of burglary and sent to the Coun-"
ty Jail. At the. time of the arrest Annie
Nihill ga\"e the name of Mrs. Barker, but
subsequently stated that she had not been
married. The couple then made several
efforts to be wedded, but it was not until
yesterday afternoon that the Sheriff and
'District Attorney gave their consent that
: the ceremony should be performed.
When the new? wag received at the
County Jail Superintendent Frank W.
Cornyn communicated with the groom
to-be. "Do you know that you are to be
married to-night, Barker?" he asked.
American Branch of Order
Wants Two Thousand
New Members. -
Bride Passes Out to Freedom,
'While Groom Walks
Back to Cell.
Thomas A. Barker Mar
ries Annie Nihill in
the County Jail.
Preparing > for Monster
- Initiation Here Next
FORESTERS ASK
FOR BIG CLASS
WEDDED BEHIND
PRISON GATES
MEETS DEATH
IN SIGHT OF
STEAMER CREW
WHEELOCK CALM
ON THE GALLOWS
Two Sons of His Vic
tim Witness the
Hanging.
Murdererof Aged Emily Mar
tin Protests Innocenc©
to the Last,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'SAN QUENTIN PRISON, June 13.—
James Franklin Wheelock wa3 hanged
here to-day for the murder of Mrs. Emily
Martin. The execution occupied just
twenty-five seconds. Among; the 200 spec
tators were the two sons of the murdered
woman.
The condemned man was led from the
death, cell 'to the gallows a.t 9:30 o'clock.
He ascended trie . steps to the platform
without assistance and on stepping up«m
the trap glanced around at the spectators
below and smiled complacently. Hang
man Arbogast adjusted the noose quickly,
placed the black cap upon the man's head
and ' the trap was sprung within half a
minute of th^e time when Wheelock left
the cell. At 9:37 o'clock the physicians
announced . that the heart pulsations had
ceased.. * ',
• Early this morning, when Wheelock was
dressing for the last time, he requested
that he be allowed to wear a white car
nation on the scaffold. This wish was
granted Z and two snow-white flowers
adorned the lapel of his coat. He ate
heartily and was at no time morose or
disconsolate. Just before time to leave
the death cell Wheelock asked for Warden
Aguirre. After thanking the Warden for
the kindness shown, him while in the
prison he said:
¦ "Warden, I am going to my death in a
few minutes with a clear conscience. I
am perfectly innocent of the murder. It
was purely circumstantial evidence that
I was convicted upon and although I am
soon to meet death I wish to stoutly pro
claim my innocence. Now I am ready
to go.
James Franklin Wheelock was convicted
of having murdered aged Mrs. Emily Mar
tin on the -night of March 3, 1900, at her
home near Orovllle, Butte County. Mrs.
Martin was found dead in her bed, having
been dealt a blow upon the head with
some heavy weapon. The convicted man
«v~ 7 y^ ar3^ ld ; He had wealthy rela
tives in New York, who worked diligently
to save him from the gallows.
PLAN TO ENTERTAIN
SUPREME OFFICIALS
of Ancient Order of United
"Workmen.
Reception. Will Be Tendered Leaders
The Supreme Lodge of the Ancfent Or
der of United Workmen is In session In
Portland, Ore., and at the close of th*.
session Supreme Master Workman Webb
McNall and a party of about twenty Su
preme Lodge officers and ladies will
leave for this city by steamer, reaching
here on Monday, the 23d Inst. They will
remain In this State about four davs It
is proposed to tender the visitors a're
ception in Oakland on the~24th inst. and
one in San Jose on the 26th inst. Dr Dun
can, chairman of the San Francisco ex.
tension committee, is arranging for a
reception at the Odd Fellows' building by
al . ! ,, 2* tn f local lodges. Every effort
will be made to make the stay of the vis
iting 1 officials a pleasant one.
E. T. Roche secured a verdict for $7727 10
against E. J. Baldwin in Judge Hunt's
court yesterday. He sued for $10,000. the
amount of a claim against Baldwin as
signed to him by Henry Hlghton, who de
fended Baldwin in the sensational suit for
damages brought against the millionaire
by Lilian Ashley.
Recognize Roche's Claim.
THE SA^FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTJNE 1^, 1UU^.
8
' An ¦ additional cbarsre of 20
cents to ' pay expreiiase will
be required front ] out of town
subscribers ordering by mall.
A car-load of Cook Books
hns Jant arrived from Chlcajro
and they nre ready for. distri-
bution. . at ; the buMinena office
of '. tUla ' paper. All : Call • «ub-
¦crlbers are entitled to a' copy
of (hia ureat Cook Hook at
tbe '¦ premium ¦ price of , &tfx
cents. . ' '. • : , " '. ¦ .¦ .
TWENTIETH CENTURYCOOK BOOKS
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE -
WilhelmaofMagdeburg
GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY
IH THE STATE 07 PBC83IA,
ON THE31ST DAT OP DECEMBER, A. D.
1001, and for the year ending on that day"
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of -the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of- the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
mlasioner.
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $750.000 00
y ASSETS. =
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,131,882 65
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 10,248 20<{ 25
Cash Market Value of all StocHs
and Bonds owned by Company} . 43,474 00
Cash In Company's Office IS 039 33
Cash In Banks 2821968 10
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans om »
Premiums In due Course of Collec* "
tion 521 11O *»
Bills receivable, not Matured, *.»«»<»
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 9 618 14
Due from other Companies for re- '
Insurance on losses already paid 1,047,996 50
Total Assets .113,305.695 2*
LIABILITIES. . .
Losses in process of Adjustment ¦
or in Suspense IS4.78S nn
Gross premiums on Marine and T «••<*» w
Inland Navigation Risks,
$ ; : reinsurance 100 percent 22 B2T ia
Gross premiums on Marine Tims —•••«»*• ¦»«
Risks, $ : reinsurance 60 :-',"*'
per cent « fi .*-. _„
A^|M^Sf^p: "."sjfg £
Total Liabilities lEo^Tii
INCOME. }
Net cash . actually received for
Marine premiums jj,- _-_
Received for Interest on Bonds * . <a ' 083 <»
and Mortgages 413 ftfin o«
Received for Interest and dlvj '.' * XJ ' W<J 88
dends on Bonds, Stocks. - Loans ¦
and from all other sources...., ro on m
Received from all other sources.. 2.405!44i «1
Total Income - v *3.359.975~21
EXPENDITURES == =^==
Net amount paid for Marine
. Losses (Including % , losses
of previous years) » t2T
Dividends to Stockholders .132 ECl il
Paid or allowed for Commission *°- £ "»*> W
or . Brokerage as R.11 5«
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other oa - lM1 z »
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 29 3R1 aa
Paid for State, National and ¦ a> '™ 1 »8
Local taxes 4 520 47
All other payments and expendl- ,
tures •• •• •• 1.668.870 69
Total Expenditures ..'. .--|2,321,084 57
Risks : and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Uei amount -of Risks " ~"
written during the
year ............... $223,674,177 $538,672 90
Net amount of Risks .
expired j during the
year ./,..:.... 225,02S,89S . B54.S21 90
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901.. 6,647.578 79,454 92
~~T .'•'¦¦. TH - DAMMAN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to "before me. this 29th
day of April. . 1902. " •
MAX J. BAEHR. tJ. S. Consul.
GUTTER FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS.
303 California Street,
_V San ' Frnnclaco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled . and ' renovated. . KING, WARD tt
CO. European plan: Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day
$5 to *S week; $3 to 920 month. Free baths:
hot and cold water every room; fire era tea la
: every room; elevator runs all night.
You Will Be Happy if
You Are Well.
Paine's Celery Compound
Bestows That Health and
Vigor That Make Liv-
ing a Pleasure.
- ¦ ¦ ' ."
If you are sick and out of sorts In June,
rt is in your power to make yourself
healthy, strong and happy.
.There Is not the slightest reason why
you should go through the hot summer
weather feeling- sickly, miserable. languid
and melancholic. To be. well and strong
means happiness and true Joy, and this is .
the season when you should be bright and
hearty and gladsome.
If you are sleepless, rheumatic, neural-
gic, dyspeptic, or have the shadows of
disease hovering over you; if you are not
as bright, energetic' and strong as you *1
were some weeks ago, the use of Paine's '
Celery Compound will tone up and fortify
your whole system, cleanse the blood,
correct digestion, sharpen the appetite,
and conduce to restful sleep. Thousands
once In a half-dead condition owe their
present good health to the use of Paine's
Celery Compound. Mr. Wm. S. Gibson,
of Pleasureville. Ky., who, through sick-
ness and suffering, was brought near tha
dark grave, writes as follows regarding
his marvelous cure: . ¦ ¦-
"I have been broken down in health ancj
strength, nervous system shattered, kid-
neys out of order, had nervous and trem-
bling spells off and on for the last ten
years. I have "taken three bottle's of your
Patae's Celery Compound, and all of the
above-mentioned troubles 1 have left me.
and I can now do a good day's work. 1 go
about my business all day long and it
don't worry me, and I now feel better
than I have in ten years. I have a good
appetite, and can eat and get around on
foot as active as when I was a boy. My
age la 65 years.*
PAHTE'S CELEBY COMPOTJNI
GENUINE
bW B w 4cJ L$i±\. Sa lift i. tk
Delivered to consumers in San .Francisco,
Oakland and Alameda by all coal dealers.
CHARLES R. ALLEN,
AGENT.
STATEMENT
--.;- '~- OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF BERLIN. GERMANY,
ON THE 31ST DAY OP DECEMBER, A. D.
1901, and for the year endlnj on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by tha Com-
missioner. - •
CAPITAL.
Amount ot CaDital Stock, paid up
in Cash $250,000 CO
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company.. $435, 4S8 80
lx>ans on Bonds and Mortgages 125.000 w
Cash Market Value ct all Stocks . ' «
and Bonds owned by Company.. SCO. -415 31
Cash In CoraDany's Office.... 16.574 Ul
Cash in Banks 154.721 i;
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,501 W
Premiums In due Course of Col- '
lection, and due from other
. Companies and agents - 505,896 63
Total Assets »1.548.599 24
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid I,
Losses in process ot Adjustment I
or la Suspense V $253.073 73
Losses resisted, including ex- |
penses ........................ J
Gross premiums on Flr» Risks
running mere than ona year. ' *
$ ; reinsurance pro rata 173,093 tt
Gross premiums on Marino and?
Inland NaYigration Risks,
s ; relnsurw.es 100
per cent r 188.M2 M
Gross nremlumi on Marina Tims
Risks. $ ; relnsuranca
BO per cent $
Liability under other branches... 259.298 39
All other liabilities... 8.982 23
Total Liabilities &S62.304 43
INCOME. ~~
Ket cash actually received for Firs \
premiums $392,839 23
Ket cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 261,603 63
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages »"••"¦••• 8,000 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 20,138 97
Received from all other sources... 427.317 52
Total Income $1,106,899 45
EXPENDITURES. ~ '
Ket amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ — • losses ot
previous years)*................ $280,269 W
Net amount paid for Marine Loss-
es (including $ . losses
of previous years)... 200.462 32
Dividends to Stockholder- 50.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •.••• 355,733 79
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes, •- 2.237 25
A.U other payments and expendi-
tures ..V 174,191 52
. Total Expenditures $1,062,899 34
Losses tncurred during the year.. $367.112 49
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ...... . . ... . . . $162,102,783 $1,783,130 62
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
**** ; 40.337.4SS 336.603 6»
Net amount In fore*
¦- December 31. 1901 8.540,205 93.942 28
CARL THIEME. Prest.
_ . .. ¦ P. SZELINSKI. Secy.
Subscribed and «wcrn to before me this 23d
«ay of April, 1902.
ELWOOD WILSON JR..
Deputy V. S. Consul.
GUTTE&T FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 California Street,
San Franclacv* - -
BBBBHBBBBBBHBBBHBBBBBa
BgaEBaBBHnagBnaBBPBBHg
SUNDAY CALL
1
. BEBSJHBBQBaBBMaEUaBnBBEBI
BEHESnHBffinanHEEaHKHBHBH
BagBsSBBHyBBHBaEBBggHBS
I ¦ I — ___ I
The Sundau Call's Special Cor-
respondent Graphically Relates
His Experience Within the
Shadow of Burning Mt.
PBRBBRSBSDSIGBHBBSEiBBBIBBBB
SR£ES£HBHBaf5B&JB138E2BBBEE!3
EBBBBBBHBBtBBBCBBBBBBB
The Outing .Season Is af Hand, I
ilus' rated Pages of Bathing Girls, Campers, the Arks ani
the Inhabitants Thereof, Yachts and Their Fair I
Crews; also the Canyon Seekers'
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
CBEBBBBBBBBBEBEaBSSBBEaS
BBEgCBnHaHBHBBHBBHHBHB
An American Girl's Experience as a
%\V: South African Baroness.
BBBBIIBBBBBBBBHBPBIBBBBB
BEHEHDnEaEZSBEflESBHHBHBB
BaBHaBBHHBHBBRgBBBBBBB
¦— ¦ "",""'¦"".'". ' ' " ¦¦¦¦¦!¦¦¦¦ II - ¦¦»— . .1 .
A Dau With a Minister.
EY BERTHA SMITH.
BHKEBCfBsnciBaafflsiaaiBMrsEa
HaaeraaaaaHOBBaQEaugBEa
BBBBBBBBgBBBEBBBBBBBBH
How to Fiirnish the Piazza fop .
Summer. .
BBBBBBBBBBBBEiiiaBBBBBBB
BBBEBBBBBBH9EBHBBBBBBS
BBBHBEBBBBBBBBKBBBBBBB
The Oakland Elks,; Magic^ Puzzles
and Human Interest Stories.
HBBBBBBBBBEBBBBBBBHBBB
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB' Handsome souvenir for ¦" *.our ' visitors. Th'a
week's Wasp; San /Francisco Shriners' ; parad«
illustrated; 00 pages. All news stands. 20 cents.*
SAN DIKGO. June 13. — William Daley, whose
home was in Boston and who came to this city
from Oceanslde a few months ago, ¦¦ dropped. d£ad
on lower Fifth street to-day. ..
STOCKTON, June 13.— Frank Wilson,
who , recently ..knocked down Wesle" '
Griggs in. thirty, and robbed" him of $2
was to-day sentenced; by Judge Jones to
imprisonment in, Folsom prison for life.
Footpad . Gets Life Sentence.
MEMPHIS, Tex., June 13.— A tornado
demolished two houses 'and severely in
lured seven persons five miles east of
here to-day. The district visited by the
tornado Is Isolated and no particulars are
known. ;
Tornado Bsmolish.es Houses.
SEATTLE. Wash.. June 13.— Terrence Ma
lone, a traveling salesman. f>!l down the shaft
of the freight elevator In E; W. Newhall &.
Co. s dry goods establishment to-day and sus
tained, Injuries that : caused his N death a few
hours, afterward. ' ' v
. SACRAMENTO. June IS.— William Waxford
for many years an expressman of Sacramento'
tnded his life at an v early hour this morning
by flrins a bullet through his brain, on the
levee at Nineteenth and Y streets. Waxford
left a wife and several children.
•SANTA ANA, June ' 13.— Baldamedo Merco
was sentenced to two years In San Quentfn
to-day for stabbinj a Mexican named Corales
at Los Alamitos a few weeks ago, while quar
reling over a gambling, debt.
SAN JOSE, June 13.— The board of man
agers of Agnew Hospital for the Insane
to-day opened bids for supplies for the'
ensuing- year. The list of awards will not
be completed before to-morrow. Reports
showed 1016 patients in the institution
Miss M.J.' Wade was elected matrpn to
fill the vacancy caused by the resignation
of Miss A. L. I-itzgerald. IsaacUpham
waa selected :to represent the managers
at; the ,meeting of the State Commission
of Lunacy at Stockton on June 20
Bids for Asylum Supplies.
The bookkeeper and the books of the
Enquirer: were the first witnesses to the
deal in undelivered county books that
w.ere demanded by the Grand Jury this
morning. The inquisitors. spent half the
morning turning the leaves and compar
ing the figures with the county's books,
and* figures.
County Expert J. M. Sabin was then
called to explain certain entries that
looked like ambiguities to the jurymen,
and 'then came the noon recess.
Sabin spent another hour explaining in
tricacies, this afternoon, and M. de L.
Hadley, business manager ot the . En
quirer, "followed him to expatiate once
more on the Enquirer's checking: system.
The Grand Jury ended the day without
arriving at any decision and .adjourned
until next Tuesday at 10 o'clock.
The Grand Jury spent to-day exam
ining the books of the Oakland En
quirer to help it get at the bottom
of the Dalton-Daniels-Stedman-Oakes
transaction.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 13.
Archie A. Alexander, Frederick M.i Allen,
Fannie H. Avery, Flora A. D. Baclgalupi, Mar
garet M. Beatty, Mary I. 'Bentley, Edith F.
Bergson. Ida Body, Grace J. Bogge, < Pranges
Viola Bralnard. Eva Laura 'Bramlet, Pearl L.
Brenizer, John M. Brewer, Agnes E. Brown,
John T. Bryan, Laura M. Bufflngton, Eva E.
Busch, Frances V. Carter.'; Judson R. Carter,
Harley P. Chandler, Helen E. CooDer, Albert
S". Calton. Annie D. Coulter, Helen E. Cooper,
Ellen i. Decker, Monroe E. Deutsch. Sallie A.
Dexter, Lou I. Deyon, John M. Eshleman. C
Calvin, O. Easterly. Alessandra J. Farno, Nina
II Farwell, Margaret L. Fitts, Ethel H. Flood
Mabel R. Gillla. Fred H. Goodsell. Emory E
Grinnell, Clair M. Hass, Beatrice V. Hagmayer
Jean M. Hahn, Harvey E. Harris, Alice f'
Hathaway, Grace A. .Hecht, Bertha Hendricks
Ellen McKay Kensel, Elizabeth A. Herrmann
Margaret F. Hill. Florence Q. Hains, Ardella
F. Jackson, Florence T. Kavanaugh. Wlnthrop
L. Keep, Florence M. Kimball. Maud H. Lank
tree. Claude H. Lashlee, > May W. Leeman,
Alfce M. Lewis. Emma M*. Long, Sara L.
Lunny, Margaret McDonald, Lena E. Martin,
George C. Mansfield, Florence M. Mayh'ew, An
nie McClelland, Mabel L. ' Mery,: Jessie'MIHi
ken. WUUs F. Minium, Emma A. Moffat. Ida
C. Woodey, Sylvia M. Morgan, Mary I. Mar
vin, Eugenia F. Mouser, Frances Newham. Ada
L. Newport. Mary E. Orcutt, 'Grace Li Pack.
Louisa M. Peters, Mary E. Rice, William D,
BERKELEY, June, 13.— The university
committee on teachers' certificates, con
sisting of Professor. L. J. Richardson,
Professor F. B. Dresslar and Professor
P. Lewisj have submitted a list of the
recent graduates who are eligible to
teachers' certificates. The list, the larg
est of the university, Is as follows:
JURY LOOKS INTO
ENQUIRER BOOKS
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. June 13.-- -A license to mar
ry was issued to-day to Edward OIney
:<t. Oakland, and Frances D. Jackson "4
Berkeley. .. . ? " -.
Members of Imperial Tong. White High
binders, will assemble in all their gor
geous attires at the corner of Park street
and Santa Clara avenue to-morrow even
ing and board special cars for Oakland.
But few people have seen the dragon
which i3 kept hidden from view in a
shed. It will require a truck to haul the
monster " to Oakland. The head of the
freak Is said to be something alarming
Its eyes are electrically lighted and its
mouth la so arranged that it will spit
sparks like a miniature volcano.
Elks and carnival colors are to be seen
in the decorations of the business places
on Park -street. ..
•ALAMEDA, June 13.— The monster
dragon that is to be the feature of the
White Highbinders parade at the Elks'
.carnival In Oakland to-morrow night Is
ready to uncoil its sinuous length and
startle spectatdf?. The finishing touches
were put ori~ the dragon to-day by Harry
Zimmerman, who designed the horrible
He was assisted by his sister.
DBAGON" B.EADY TO UNCOIL.
Courtney L.. Barham. Charles C. Chamnlln
Frederick M. Foster. Alice L. Freese, Elsie h'
Gunn, Robert H. Henderson. Emma Jameson
Annie M. Jennings, Mary F. Jeivett. Howard B
Lathrop, Alice McAllister, Alice M Rogers'
Inez Shippee, Harriet M. Stout, Annabel E -
WenzelberCer. ¦ --.
• Mabel S. Clark, Elizabeth R. Crosby Delia
t>. Fish, Isabell Frazee, Marie L. Johnston M
Mauerth, Georgle M. Sheldon, Faith Sharp*
Grammar grade certificates were issued
as follows:
Certificates were also Issued to the
following graduates of normal schools
who have successfully completed two
years' work in the university:
Root, Kdda W. A. Ryder, Florence A. Sanborn
Iiucy R. Shaeffer. Anna K. Schroeder, R A.
Service, Mabel Sharp, Gertrude A. Smith ilar
rlette W< Smith, Alfred Solomon, Rfae A.Spen
cer, Alma E. Stockwell. Emma R. Staer, Edna
L.. Stone,. Ruth I. Sweet, Alble M. Sykes Zana
B.~ Terpenning. Mary L. Thorpe, Laura L
Turner, Sharlie J. Ward;. Ruby L. Warner
Helen S. Watson, Maude F. Wildes, Ivy B
Wilkinson, John Wintler, Myra Winn, Edna F -
Wyckoff. ' ,
A trellis of vines extends over the full
length of the garden and in the pleasant
shade of the trees small tables have been
placed. An adjoining room in the school
building has also been comfortably fitted
up as a dining room. Saturday will be
"Association day," and Mrs. J. P. Ames,
the president, will be in charge. The ladies
have secured the services of a colored wo
man, who is famous for the excellence of
her cooking, and besides the regular menu
each day a dish characteristic of some
country will be served as an additional at
traction. To-morrow a delicious New
In the shadow of the High School, on
the Jefferson-street side, the, Y. W. C. A.
will conduct a restaurant and -tea garden.
ager of the Native Daughters' concession
and will>be assisted by Dr. V; A. Derrick,
president of the order; Mrs. A. L. Frick,
Mrs. F. PretU, Mrs. J. F. Joseph, Mrs.
C. B. Landregan Mrs. J. F. Rooney, Miss
Del Sisterna, Miss Mary Moore, Mrs.
Charles Taber, Mrs. Charles Spear Mrs.
Louise Eimore, Mrs. M. Coleman, Mrs.
J. Strehl, Miss, A. Meyer, Mrs. Adelaide
Baker, the Misses Dora and Winnie An
drews. ' ' .
SALINAS, June 13.— Leonlda3- H. Gar
rigus, a pioneer of California, died thfa
afternoon of heart disease. He was 'a
native of Iowa and crossed the plains ami
mountains with his parents in 1851, set
tling in the Santa Clara Valley. He grad
uated from the University of the Pacific
In Sari Jose, after which he taught school
in Ukiah. Later he engaged in the grain
business .here. In which he continued un
til his death. Garrigus was a member of
the San Francisco Grain Exchange and
the Union League Club, and also of tho
local Odd Fellows, Elks and Workmen
lodges. Hp was 55 years of age. He will
be burled under the auspices of* the .Elks
on Sunday.
Leonidas H. Garrigus.
GRAND MARSHAL AND- HIS AIDS, WHO SUCCESSFULLY CON
DUCTED .THE BIG NIGHT PARADE IN OAKLAND GIVEN IN
HONOR OF THE ELKS' STREET FAIR AND CARNIVAL.
CERTIFICATES
FOR GRADUATES
OAKLAND, June 13.— Among the ' wo
men's organizations that have concessions
In the fair are the Young Women's Chris
tian Association, the Native Daughters,
the Fabiola Hospital, the New Century
Club and the Emeryville Free Kinder
garten Association. „
Aloha Parlor of Native Daughters has
a pretty booth on Eleventh street, on
the north side of the plaza. It "is artis
tically decorated with popples and a pro
fusion of other flowers and plants, which
are for sale. The weary may also obtain
refreshment at this booth in the way of
oyster cocktails and root beer.
Mrs. H. M. Sanborn is general man-
sions Within the Grounds.
Secure Booths and Valuable Conces-
SAN JOSE, June 13.— Mrs. Catherine
Snell, one of the pioneer women of Santa
Clara County, died at her home in Hall3
Valley yesterday. She had been a resi
dent of this section for half a century.
Mrs. Snell was about 70 years of. age.
Beside her husband, Thomas E. Snell. she
leaves a family of six grown chiltlren. •
THE DAY'S DEAD.
The Mystery Booth on Jefferson street
will "be conducted under the auspices of
the Emeryville Free Kindergarten Asso
ciation. White-robed "ghosts" will be the
clerks and no buyers will know what kind
of a package. he. is getting. Those In
charge of. the* Mystery Booth are Mre.
F. ..M. Hurd. president of the association-
Mrs. C. H. Rowe, Mrs. E. I. Finch, Mrs'
Walter Homer, Miss Mary C. Heaton"
Mrs. J. P. Ames, Mrs. Frank Yearsley'
Miss Stowe. .
At the headquarters of the New Century
Club, of which Mrs. Robert Watt is pres
ident, little girls from the cooking school
of the West Oakland Kindergarten will
cook dainty waffles. Visitors to this booth
will be well repaid.
The Fabiola Association and New Cen
tury Club have concessions side by side,
just' opposite the Ferrfs wheel. In a neat
little- log cabin . prettily decorated with
palms and the association's colors— blue
and white— the Fabiola ladies will sell
fresh home made doughnuts and the
quaint tissue paper hats that are the
vogue now. Some of the hats are marvels
of millinery art. Mrs. A. A. Barton Is
general manager. Mrs. W. W. Standeford
is chairman of the construction commit
tee, assisted by Mrs. S. A. O'Neil. Mrs.
R. W. McChesney and Mrs. Oscar Lun
ing. . To-morrow will be "Fabiola day."
and among" those who will assist at ths
booth will be Mrs. Wallace Everson Mrs
Retni Chabot. Mrs. John Yule Mrs.' Wit
lard Barton, Mrs. Standeford Mrs. Oscar
Luning. Mrs. R. W. Corvill, Mrs. C. M.
Walsh, Mrs. William Clift. Mrs. C. D.
Wilson *and Mrs. Hugh Chase. !
England clam chowder will be served. .
The colonial kitchen of the West Oak
land Home is one of the most attractive
places In the fair. It Is well sneltered
from wind and sun and in the picturesque
dining-room is a wide, old-fashioned fire
place, while colonial benches and chairs
add an air of quaint comfort to the scene.
Here hot coffee or chocolate, sandwiches
or tamales may be procured at a nominal
sum. To-morrow Mrs. A. L. Wolfe will
be chairman of the day and will be as
sisted by Mrs. C. Downey, Mrs. E. L.
Dow, Mrs. John Albright, Mrs. G. W.
Peer, Mrs. W. A. Schrock. Miss Florence
Pebble, Miss Margaret Hamilton, Miss
Marian Horton, Miss Ruth Morse. Mrs.
M. W. Backus is general manager and
Miss Grace Trevor is cashier.
GEASSHOPPEB INVASION
STAETLES THE FABMERS
Vineyards, Orchards and Gardens
Down Fresno Way Suffer
From the Pest.
FRESNO, June 13.— The grasshopper in
vasion in the colonies northeast of this
city has reached such alarming propor
tions that the farmers have presented a
petition to the Board of Supervisors ask
ing their assistance in extinguishing the
pest. The grasshoppers have been at work
now for about ten days, and in many
places have done irreparable damage.
Vineyards have been cleaned of every
leaf, orchards rendered absolutely worth
less in half an hour, vegetable gardens
destroyed completely in a few minutes
of time by the millions of locusts.
Those who. have suffered from the dep
redations of the insects say that there are
so many of them that it is almost im
possible for one to breathe where they
are. Professor Woodworth of the Uni
versity of California is here and will meet
¦with the Supervisors to talk over means
for exterminating the pest. He says that
he does not believe the county has much
to fear from them, although every pre
caution should be taken.
SACRAMENTO, June 13.— The unculti
vated lands in Placer County, where the
grasshoppers have bred by the million,
are a menace to the orchards and vine
yards of both Sacramento and Placer
counties. Chairman M. J. Dillman of the
Sacramento Board of Supervisors is mak
ing strenuous efforts to bring the Placer
County Supervisors to a realization of the
danger. This morning he communicated
¦with some of them, urging that an early
l&eettag of the board be held, with a view
of declaring the burning of pasture lands
a public necessity. Chairman DHlman
also endeavored to get Into communica
tion with Governor Gage to advise him of
the gravity of the situation and urge that
the State take action.
HOMESTEAD AND OLD
ENGLAND NOT TO START
Homestead and Old England are in the
$20,000 Tidal stakes, to be run at Sheeps
head Bay the same day the American
Derby will be decided.
"I decided not to send the colts to Chi
cago," said Mr. Morris, "because I am
afraid the track will be muddy, and they
would take the trip for nothing, as
neither likes the mud. Th*n they fcave
valuable stake engagements at Sheeps
h^ad Bay next week, and I thought it bet
ter to run them here than to take a
¦chance by going West."
NEW YORK. June 14.— Green B. Morris
has declared his horses Homestead and
Old England out of the American Derby
to be run at Washington Park. Chicago, a
week from to-day. This announcement
came as a surprise to turfmen generally,
as it had befen expected that at least one
of the horses named would carry the Mor
ris colors in the Western classic.
Seen in. the American
Derby.
Green B. Morris' Horses Will Not Be
OAKLAND, June 13.— For -the
first time in the history of
Oakland there was a general
illumination to-night prelimi
nary to the opening olSthe Elks'
Street Fair and Carnival. The
streets of the city and the City
Hall were strung with electric lights,
much the same as was done in San Fran
cisco during recent celebrations. The
people poured out in thousands and lined
the sidewalks when Grand Marshal George
E. de Golia gave. the order for the street
parade to move. The turnout of the gen
eral public attracted as^much attention as
the parade, for there were fully 23,000
people on the streets.
The parade was a success. The civic
and semi-military societies of Oakland
vied with each other in an effort to do
honor to the city. The National Guard,
Native Sons, Knights of Pythias, Wood
men of the World, Modern Woodmen of
America. League of the Cross Cadets and
various club's and organizations of Oak
land all added their share to the success
of the parade and made it one of the
notable events in the history of this
city.
The various organizations that took
part in the parade made special efforts
to show their interest in Oakland by dec
orating the floats, of which there wer«?
many in line. The Native Sons had a
float representing California. The Wood
men of the World and the Modern Wood
men of America made elaborate exhibi
tions, while the Foresters of America,
Retail Clerk*' Association, Knights of
Pythias and Reliance Athletic Club had
spectacular effects.
The San Jose Lodge of Elks sent up a
delegation that was received at the depot
by the members of Oakland lodge. The
San Jose party marched in the parade,
and was afterward given a reception at
the headquarters of Oakland lodge.
CARNIVAL WEEK PROGRAMME
Music and Amusement for Every
•Afternoon and Evening.
OAKLAND, June 13.— There will be
plenty of amusement and music both af
ternoon and evening during, the fair.
Special features have been arranged for
every evening for the entertainment of
the visitors. 'The musical numbers will be
given every afternoon and evening.
The electrical illumination will be com
plete. The search lights are in place, and
more than &000 incandescent globes have
been used in the grounds.
The White Highbinders of America will
have charge of the opening night. They
will have a parade in which they will
show their dragon which is a block long.
A big display of fireworks will follow witn
a mock initiation and an imitation Chi
nese theater.
The grounds will be closed Sunday.
Monday will be Elks' day. . Oakland
lodge will have charge of the parade in
the evening. A promenade concert will
follow. This parade is expected to be the
most original and unique in features that
has ever been held Jn the State.
Tuesday will be given over to the
Knights of . Pythias. There will .be a
promenade concert in the evening and an
exhibition drill by the uniformed ranks
of the order. As the Knights of Pythias
are arranging for their grand meeting
this fall, the uniformed ranks are drilled
to a hteh state of perfection..
The Native Sons will arrange the pro
gramme for Wednesday night. The* de
tails have not yet been announced.
Thursday will be devoted to the Wood
men of the World. The local camps ex
pect to hold their big initiation Thursday
evening and they have decided to unite
this event with an evening at the fair.
There will be a competitive drill by. the
drill corps of each of the half dozen or
more camps in Alameda County, after
which they will adjourn to the Macdon
ough Theater, where the new candidates
will be initiated.-
The League of the Cross Cadets will
have charge of Friday night. There will
be a competitive drill between Company
F, under Captain J. F. Mulllns, and Com
pany N. under Captain Joseph Kennedy.
The fa5r wiH*close Saturday night with
a "Carnival Night." Everybody is ex
pected to attend masked.
The officers of Oakland Lodge of Elks
and the committees which have success
fully worked out the carnival are:
Exalted ruler, G. R. Lukens; esteemed lead-
Ing knight, H. C. Cupwell; esteemed loyal
knight. Dr. W. H. Halsey; esteemed lecturing
knight. Dr. C. L. Tlsdale; secretary, J. j. Han
inn Jr.; treasurer, W. W. Landon; tiler, J. C.
Hart; esquire, D. H, McLaughlin; Inner guard.
F. J. Johnson; chaplain, W. E. Magee; organ
ists—W. H. J. Matthews and C. Crowell;
trustees — F. P. McFeely, O. .Bemis and M. L.
Schlueter; director general — M. L. Schlueter;
assistants — C. J. Heeseman and Guy C. Smith
Ways and means — M. L. Schlueter, chair
man; H. C. Capwell, J. A. Brltton, T. Gler
C. J. Heeseman, G. W. Reed, Dr. H. P. Travl
ers. Dr. C. L. Tisdale, II. J. Keller. C. H. Haw
baker. Honorary members — E. . Stearns, Mr
Barrett.
Press — Felton Taylor, chairman; J. Cal
Ewing. P. Goldsmith, P. Struckman, M.. J
Keller, Dr. H. P. Travers, H. C. Capwell. Dr
O. D. Hamlin, R. R. Steadman. Fl H. Dorsaz
Literary exercises — Henry A. Melvin, chair-
Elks' country store — C. J. Heeseman, chair
man; J. C. Hart, D. H. McLaughlJn, H. C.
Capwell, R. B. Ayer. A. C. Hodges.
Printing — J. Cal Ewtng, chairman-; W. H.
Halsey, Frank W. Leavitt.
WOMEN TAKE PART IN FAIR.
Hotel accommodations — R. M. Briare, chair
man; F. A. Jordan, B. Wright, A. Bormuth,
R. W. Smith.
Elks* jafl and court — G. R. Lukens, chair
man: Henry A. Melvin. C. Crowell, J. G. Quinn,
R. T. Baker, Dr. H. P. Travers, F. B. Ogden.
Decorations — J. Seulberger, chairman; J. F.
Seulberger, G. F. Keece, G. A. Gray, W. J.
Keating.
Public safety — Chief S. C. Hodgkins, chair
man; I: D. Tobin, M. A. Byrne.
v Reception — F. W. Leavitt, chairman; R. M.
Fitzgerald. H. A. Melvin. G. W. Reed, Dr.
W. H. Halsey.
Programme — J. W. Matthews, chairman; A.
C. Hodges. A. F. Baumgartner. J. L. Daniels.
Boosters — G. W. Austin, chairman; E. K.
Taylor. J. L.. Callaghan, Dr. C. L.. Tlsdale, F.
A. Jordan, J. L.' Martin. H. O. Spurgeon. P.
Goldsmith. B. Dean. F. B. Cook, \V. O. War
nock.
Kxhlbits — Theo Gler, chairman^ A. T. Mc-
Donough. M. J. Keller. R. M. Briare, J.-Ghir
ardelli, D. II. Priest. J. Mitchell. M. A. Whid
den. C. J. Heeseman.
Advertising — R. Whitehead. chairman; C. H.
Hawbaker, C. J. H^eseman. II. C. Capwell, M.
J. Keller. W. O. Warnock, A. Wood.
Entertainment— G. C. Smtth, chairman; F.
J. Lra. D. H. MeLauehlin. H. A. Melvin 3.
C. Hart. C. D. Bates Jr., W. H. J. Matthew*,
Dr. J. A. Colegrove, C. F. Pugh.
Grounds and buildings — C. I>. Ingler, * chair
man; F. P, JIcFeeley. H. B. Jentery. C. F. Ott.
R. J. r-oyeV. B. C. Cuvellier, C. A. Bon. ; ~
Concessions — D. H. McLauchlln, chairman;
G.' O:' Smith, C. J. rieeseman; T. F. ScaHfon.
D. F. McWade. A. E. Peck.
Finance — J. F. Rooney, chairman; Thed/3ier,
J. W. Matthews,. T. S. Crellln; J. P. Taylor.
Treasurer — W. W. Landon.
Secretary — J. J. Hanlfln Jr.
Assistant secretaries — J. B. Dean, ! M. A.
Whiddcn.
Music — J. C. .Hart, chairman; F. D.- Ayers,
C. L. Learn. E. S. Dowdle.
Street parade— ;D. A. Sinclair, chairman: A.
V. Long, C. H. Hawbaker. J. Cal Ewing, Cap
tain W. F. Fletcher.. F. H. Dorsaz, R. T. Ba
ker. J. D. Hahn.
Invitations — A. F. Baumgar'tner, chairman;
J. L. Daniels, A. C. Hodges, L. A. Malson.
Transportation— E. Stearns chairman ', Mr.
Barrett. Theo Gicr. J. Ghirardelll, Dr. C. L.
Tisdale, A. W. Baker, A. H. Walker, O. U.
Whitney.
man; G. R. Lukens, George W. Reed, J. W.
MeClymonds, F. B. Ogden, J. J. Allen.
Lights and illuminations— W. B. Smith,
chairman; \V. Hughes, H. H. Stanley, C. J.
Heeseman, W. J. Babcock. X
INDIANAPOLIS. June 13.— The can
vassing board of the International Typo
graphical Union to-day completed the
count of the vote for national officer* of
the . organization, cast in the biennial
election. The total votes cast were near
ly 29,000, about 70 per cent of the entire
strength of the union. Following are the
officers chosen for the ensuing two years:
President, James M. Lynch, Syracuse,
N.Y.-,. first vice president, C. E. Hawkes,
Chicago: third vice president, James Mul
cahey. St. Louis; fourth vice president, J.
F. O'Sullivan, Boston; secretary-treasur
er, J. M. Bramwood, Denver. Delegates
to American Federation of Labor: Print
ers—William A. Garrett, Washington;
Max . S. Hayes, Cleveland ; Frank Morri
son, Chicago. Allied crafts— J. F. O'SuJll
van, Boston. Trustees Union Printers*
Home: Printers— Thomas McCafferty,
Colorado Springs; W. J. White, San Fran
.cisco; L. Shepard, Chicago. Allied crafts
— H. H. Rogers, Chicago. Agent Union
Printers' Home— William Kennedy. Chi
cago. - V. v
President Lynch received over two
thirds of the vote cast for president and
consequently was re-elected. His vote
was 20,621, while Charles A. Derry of Se
attle received 7144. For prlrfters trustees
of the Union Printers'. Home, three to be
elected, the vote stood: Thomas McCaf
ferty, Colorado Springs. 13,734; W. J.
"White, San Francisco, 12.621; L. Shepard,
Chicago, 10,135; John Armstrong. Toronto.
9731- E. W. Patton, Washington. 9858; Ed
L. Sutton. Atlanta. 6589; H. Stephen. New
York, 6249; William C. Trump. Norwich.
Conn, 4S59; A. J. Chramosta, Chicago, 2433.
tional Organization Completes
Counting of Votes.
LYNCH IS RE-ELECTED
BY TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION
Canvassing Board of the Intern?.-
Thousands of People Line the ' Sidewalks
and Applaud the Civic and Semi-Mili
tary* Societies as They Pass in Review
Judge Smith readily granted the prose
cuting officer's motion. After receiving
the plea of guilty, his Honor released
O'Brien, suspending sentence for a month,
whicb is only a formal way of tempering
justice with mercy. Arm In arm hus
band and wife departed and a sound of
quiet approval followed as the court
room doors closed behind them.
¦ "After a thorough investigation of this
unfortunate case, your Honor, I am sat
isfied that the accused was driven to
crime during a momentary despair tfeat
caused him much mental distress. He has
hitherto borne a good reputation. The re
duction of the charge to that of a mis
demeanor grade would be in the line ot
justice."
'O'Brien -TQad'been arrested almost In the
act ot, entering, the^ shops of the Aermotsr
Company, i First street and Broadway. In
his.,- possession were a dozen plpo
wrencta'es."' O'^rlefn. yielded to arrest and
confessed bis gatltwithout a reservation.
The.; police, turned" the ease' over to the
PrQse<u£Ing Attorney, after "W. S. Brlgga
had o sjirprn to * a complaint charging
CBriW: wj$h burglary.
. .The prisoner, reluctantly told his story.
Last Ljecember vhl3 baby died. He wua
earning „:. fair wages. - but sickness and
death: had cut sadly Into his store. Last
weekf tire, last payment fell due on ,the
funeral-bill.- Jt.was an obligation both
O'Brien andr his wife felt must be paid,
and jtheiri last penny went to settle the
account. . Heartsick, O'Brien went out
'one night last week. In a sudden fit 'of
wretchedness, the temptation seized him,
and he committed the crime.
That was the story which appealed to
the authorities. In court to-day . Prose
cuting Attorney Leach moved to reduce
the accusation to petty larceny, to which
charge O'Brien pleaded guilty. At his side
sat his weeping wife. Mr. Leach said:
¦j '¦'-': ::-l Oakland" Office San Francisco Call,
•¦y' '> x ~< r ¦ V.' /< 111S Broadway, June 13.
; T Driven/ to 'despair because he had spent
hi&'iast "cent iri v payment of the bill for
the. funeral 1 of hi» dead baby girl, William >.
O'firieh,' ]'a : ¦young' laborer, committed
burglary hfcr wife might not suffer
the pangs 6t hanger. That the despond
ent -workman was tiaved from the igno
iohiy ..of.'a felon's -'fate- is due to the clem
ency of Police Ju;dge; Mortimer Smith and
the -kindly; atrfc .©{ Prosecuting Attorney '
A. P;'X<each'of ihe police court.
Befdre ;tlie "bar at -the City Hall to-day
was 'enacted one of , -those- scenes that
touches even "tHtrlrardVnec! habitues of the
crlntimal rtedurt; -* •;.--;
Professor Smith's researches were lim
ited to the . collection of Amanites, a
primitive form of the modern Nautilus.
Of these he discovered many new and
valuable specimens. Osmont specialized
«_n the collection of the fossil boner, of
the giant Saurians, the gigantic reptiles
of past geological'ages, whose most domi
nant type, the Iguanadon, attained a
length of over thirty feet.
Mr. Osmont left this evening for. a two
months' trip in the fossil regions of
Shasta County. He was accompanied by
Eustace Furlong, an assistant in the geo
logical laboratory at the university.
Great imx'crtance is attached to the
finds of the recent exploring party, owing
lo ihe fact that all ot the fossils repre
sented belong to the middle Triassic
period, a period which has little represen
tation in the geological museums of the
world. It is thought that the ten bcxes
of fossils sent down by Mr. Osmont com
prise a larger representation of the mid
ale Triassic than all of the heretofore dis
covered specimens in America.
BERKELEY, June IS.— Vance C. Os
mont. recently appointed instructor of
crystallography at the University of Cali
iornia, returned to-day from an extended
geological tour in the fossil beds of
Nevada; with many valuable fossils,
which will be added to the geological
snuseum cf the university. In company
with Professor J. P. Smith of the geology
department of Stanford University,- ln-
Ftructor Osmont made a complete explor
ation of portions of what is scientifically
Known as the Humboldt fossil beds, here
tofore unknown to men of science, and
the results of his discoveries are in the
hands of Professor Merriam of the geol
ogy department, undergoing scientific
classitication.
Court Saves a Despairing Pris
- oner From Disgrac3 of
.^Convict's CelL
Instructor V. O. Osmont
Makes Valuable Discovery
for University.
YouDgf Workman Made
Burglar by Threat
, ened Hunger.
Rare Geological Speci
mens Unearthed in
Humboldt.
BECOMES THIEF
TO SAVE WIFE
BONES OF GIANT
REPTILES FOUND
BRILLIANT NIGHT ILLUMINATION OF OAKLAND
PRELIMINARY TO OPENING OF STREET CARNIVAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 14, 1902.
9
POSTTJM CZBEAL.
GONE FIVE YEARS.
When Coffee Left the Troubles Disap-
peared.
It is hard to make people understand
that coffee really will do business for
them if they stick to it long enough. It
is almost a certainty that some little
eymptom of disease, stomach trouble, or
kidney or heart trouble, caused by coffee
drinking, will ultimately develop Into
some fixed organic disease unless the
cause of the disturbance is removed. An
illustration may not be amiss.
A lady in Kearney, Nebr., says: "I used
coffee a great many years. Gradually
my health broke down. I had dyspepsia
and was extremely nervous.- I passed
many sleepless nights, but, like many
others, did not know what was the cause
of my invalidism.
"Finally the trouble centered Into a fat-
ty tumor just over the stomach and in the
region of the heart, causing acute pain in
the stomach and a spasmodic action of
the heart. A surgical operation was
deemc-d necessary, but after all the prep-
arations were made a good, old, honest
doctor suggested that I take treatment
a little longer and leave off coffee and
take Postum and some Grape-Nuts
Breakfast Food.
"I began on Postum and had It made
properly by long boiling and found It
delicious and drank two cups the first
morning. After two weeks I discovered
a marked change for the better. In five
months my supposed tumor had disap-
peared, my headaches were gone and di-
gestion wholly restored. My heart only
gave me trouble a few times. That was
Jive years ago. I have been a steady
•user of Postum ever since and am' a new
creature to-day. Am in strong and vigor-
ous health and know exactly how .to ac-
count for It. '
"The ignorance of people on the subject
of coffee is a constant wonder to me, al-
though, at one time, of course, I was Just
as much in the dark as any one could be,
going along year after year putting into
my body the poison that was killing me
and never knowing It." Name given by
Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
V' ADVEBTISEME2TTS.
We make no misstateniaiits
1 T abcut our gooJs. lc
is not our way.
UOLDCROW KlEi
•^Wggf^ i also cur Scotch
'j Sill t| Whiskeys are posi-
tiveiy straight,
which means the
ifRJKirk&FoJ highest possible
\ m „. , f* g-ad?. Buy only of
fc?-- """**"' -^? reliable houses.
H.B. KIRK & CO,, N. Y.
CATTON. BELL & CO.,
SCLE DISTRIBUTORS.
San HYaacteco. CaL
p^ DR. TOM SHE BIN,
iL^kMb Ctlnese Tea and Herb- Sanitarium,
fi^ j*'S Call and R»ad Testimonials
«« KEARNT STREET,
•ffefoffe* Det. Sacramento and Commercial,
Sii§al2/SJ c '* in Francisco, Cal.TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroeraphlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
June 13, 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower of the- Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th .meridian, or at, 8
p' m., Greenwich time.
» J. T. McMILLAX
Nautical Expert, in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except "when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The one hundred and twenty-seventh
celebration of the battle of Bunker Hill
will take place at I»s Gatos on Tuesday,
June 17. . This memorable day has been
regularly observed with appropriate ex
ercises for many years in this Stale and
the coming event will be a notable one. .
The celebration will Include a fine pro
gramme of literary exercises, prayer by
the chaplain of the da.yl Rev. T. J. La- !
cey, and an oration by Mayor Schmitz of
this city. It will be held under the joint
auspices of Bunker Hill Association, St.
Alban's Social and Literary Society, Sons
of American Revolution and the Society
of California Pioneers.
- Besides the regular programme of the
day, those in charge have arranged for
an outing and. picnic in connection with
the main evenL A . brass band wifl fur
nish dance musfc and dancing will be held
in the pavilion at Bunker Hill Park all
day. long. Games and athletic events
have also bpen provided for and a most
enjoyable time is promised all those who
attend.
The followhi;? committee selected from
the four societies in charge. of the cele
bration have the affair in hand: William
G. Badger, George \V. Caswell, Ernest A.
Lee, Hugli \V. Clark. Gardner Sanches.
William J. Dutton, Edwin Bonnell, A. S.
Hubbard, Walter Van Dyke, John T. Spear
and Robert Vandercook. A. S. Hubbard
will be grand - marshal and .Hugh- W.
Clark will act as his aid.
Special excursion trains -jwill be run
from Third and Townsend streets direct
to the park, where the exercises will be
held. Arrangements for excursion" rates
have been made with the railroad com
pany and a large crowd is: expected to
attend. The committee in charge requests
all citizens who own flags to float them
to the breeze on the memorable day.
The following programme will be ren
dered: >. ' .
Overture. "Grand Medley Patriotic Airs"
Second Regiment Baml
Prayer ..Chaplain of the day. Rev. T. J. Lacey
Opening: remarks Hon. William G. Badger
Song of Bunker Hill Alfred Wilkle
Oration Hon. Kugene E. Schmitz
Mayor of Sar. Francisco.
Selection Second Regiment Band
Song, "Star' Spanglod Banner"
.. : ....Miss Juliet Greninger
Cornet solo, selected H. Dlbbin
Tenor solo, patriotic selection. .Daniel Lawrence,
Closing song, "America" By the audience
Benediction By the chaplain
Programme in Honor of
Old Heroes.
Grand Outing and Literary
Many Societies to Join
in the Celebration of.
Bunker Hill.
PATRIOTS WILL
BE REMEMBERED
SATURDAY. JUNE 14.
FRQM SKATTLE.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early . mornincr tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the.
day In. the order of occurrence as to time; the
The case of Frederick B. Conway, the
defaulting clerk of Jndge Mogan's court,
chcrg-ed with errand, larceny by trick anrt
device in connection with the withdrawal
of $250 cash ball from the city treasury
in thp caFG of Jessie Holland, was called
in Judge Oabaniss' court yostorday. .The
Judge continued the case till July 26.
Con^ay Case Continued.
BUDWEISER. "the king of Bottled
JLeers," the perfect product of the An
heuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n, is preferred
V>y ail -who appreciate purity, perfection
and delicious flavor; Orders promptly
filled by E. G. Lyons & Raas Co., whole
sale dealers, San Francisco. •
Tor Table Use
The bark C. D. Bryant, Captain Colby, ar
rived yesterday, twenty-four days from' La-
Jiaina. She brought 25.5S2 bags of *uga
<:aptain Colby reports having spoken of Jun»
12 the bark Levi G. Burgess, bound Tram
Tuget Round to Callac. In coming to an
anchor in the quarantine grounds the Brvan't
carried away her mud hook and chain
Big Sugar Cargt).
Captain Tremaine Smith win make one more
trip as commander of the Pacific Mail steara
ehip City of Peking, which leaxes on Monday
for the Orient. Miss Leslie Smith the cap
tain's daughter, will be a passenger on the
liner. When the Peking returns Captain Smith
will go East to take charge of the Siberia'
row rearing completion at Newport \>ir-
The Peking win take a full carso. ->«*->•
One More Trip.
To New Zealand — «7«8 bbls flour, 32 cs boots
and «hoes, 5 jikcs bicycles and sundries, 1000
lbs beans. 443 oa canned goods, 500 . lbs cod
(ish, 12,573 lbs dried fruit, 19 pkgs dry jroodf?,
til pkgs drugs, 13 cs electrical supplies. 20,000
ft lumber, 4 bales leather, 33C4 lbs iXillstufTs,
170 pkgs metal polish, 42 pkgs machinery, 150
To Samoa — 15 bbls flour. 3656 ft lumber. 2030
Ibs millstuffs, 29 pkgs millwork. 52 pkgs beer,
823 lbs bread, 2 <s shoes, 100 lbs beans, 1225
11* coffee, 1C cs canned goods, 101 cs coal oil,
12 pkgs dry goods, 0 pkgs fresh vegetables, 44
pkgs groceries and provisions, 10 bdls. iron, 15
crts potatoes, 24 pkgs paints and oils, 136 cs
canned salmon, 5 bales 'twine, 40 cs and 82
gals wine, 3 ctls wheat.
The steamer Sierra, which sailed on Thurs
day for Sydney and way ports, carried a gen
eral merchandise cargo valued at $222,073,
manifested and destined as follows: For Hono
lulu $77,633; Samoa, $3964; New Zealand, $53,
540;' Australia, ?85,635; Fiji Islands, $761;
South Africa, $540. The principal exports were
as follows: -7\x ¦*
To Honolulu — 41,426 lbs fresh meat, 5390 lbs
butter, 2075 lbs fresh fish, 3387 lbs dressed
poultry 391» lbs bread. 6699 lbs "ham, 4000 lbs
codfish. 142 cs eggs, SO cs boots and shoes,
119 cs canned goods, 20 cs and 53 gals brandy,
1 cs and 1728 gals wine, 150 cs liquors, 109
gals and 100 cs whisky, 173 pkes dry troods,
104 pkes drugs and druggists' sundries. It
pkgs electrical supplies, 5«J lbs dried fish, 719
pkgs fresh fruits -and vegetables, 11 , cs hats.
t;o bdls and 305 bars iron, !) pkgs leather, 25
pkes machinery. 54 pkss millwork. 110 crts
onions. 710 crts potatoes, ' 02 cs and 874 gals
oil, 40 pkgs Dalnt, 20 bxs paste, &U bales and
Utl rolls i>aper, 5000 lbs rice, 00 coils rope, 5 cs
canned salmon, 10,053 lbs sulphur, '43 pkgs
sewing machlnts, 20 cs stationery, 8 bale3
twine, 157 pkgs tank • material, 0225 lbs tobac
co, 25 cs manufactured 'tobacco, 1374 lbs zinc.
4 reels wire rojie. ... - .
The Sierra's 'Cargo.
The barkentine Amelia loads • redwood at
Eureka for Honolulu and the barkentfne Tropic
Bird general cargo here for Tahiti.
The bark Kalulanl and the ship Tlllle E.
Starbuck return to Honolulu with, general
cargo. • j " ', '
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS ' OF THE \ OCEANr
Matters of Interest to , Mariners and
The steam schooner Navarro arrived yester
day from Eureka in tow of the steamer Charles
Nelson. The Navarro' s propeller dropped off
on Wednesday afternoon when about forty
ir.iles northwest of Point Arena. Sail was
made, but the Navarro made poor headway
and was off Little River on Thursday after
noon when the Nelson, from Seattle, hove in
sight. A hawser was passed to the helplebs
echooner and she was towed to port. The
Navarro was fifty-three hours from Eureka
«.nd in spite of the delay in picking up the
Navarro and the subsequent handicap of a
Jieavily laden schooner the Charles Nelson's
time from Seattle was only three and a half
<la;-s.
Lost Her Propeller.
Kirkdale Chartered-.
The British tramp steamer Kirkdale, which
arrived from Calcutta last January and has
been Idle ever since, has been chartered to
load flour at Puget Sound for China.
Sun, Moon antTTide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of "High and Low
waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
FrancUco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tho Superintendent. .,
_r«OTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street ¦ wharf) ¦ about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
The schooner J. G. Wall, Captain . Dollard.
cleared yesterday for a- codfishing cruise in
the Bering Sea. She will probably sail to
day. Captain Dollard wanted to sail yester
day, but as all hands -had been absorbing;
water front zem-zem he deemed it wiser to
anchor In the stream for twenty-four hours.
Will Go Codfishing.
The United States gunboat Manila, which
arrived Thursday night from Manila, Is ths
first of the fleet captured by Admiral Dewey
at Manila Bay to come to this port. She was
originally a British tramp and was used by
the Spanish Government as a transoort. She
was lying at Cavite when Montejo's fleet was
destroyed ajid surrendered to the Petrel. She
has been in commission as a United State*
Ehip since 1S93 and has done excellent work
In the Philippines. Twelve days before reach
ing port her high-pressure piston was carried
away and it was with the greatest difficulty
that temporary repairs were effected. The
Manila will be overhauled and repaired at
Mare Island.
Dewey Took Her.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 13— Schr Al
vena, froro Tacoma:' stmr Sequoia, from Re
dondo; stmr Olympla, from Falrhaven; schr
Meteor, from Port Blakeley; stmr Brooklyn,
from Eureka. • .
Sailed June 13— Stmr W H Kruger. for San
Francisco. * • . '
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 11— Stmr
Newbure, for San Francisco: stmr Chehali.s,
for San . Pedro. June 12 — Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for San Francisco. . ¦ . • ,. v
Arrived June 12 — Schr San Buenaventura,
from San Pedro.
UMPQUA— Arrived June 11— Schr Beulah,
from San Pedro. ' , . ¦ ,
TACOMA — Sailed June 13— Schr. Forest
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. June 13. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 26 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
Per Br stmr Gaelic — May 31,\9:05p'm, lat
33 25 N, Ion- 166 55 E, stmr Peru, hence May
17, for China. .
June 4, 9:35 p m, lat 24 24 N, Ion 163 57 W,
Br stmr Coptic, hence May 27, for China.
June 8, 6:30 p m, lat 27,13 N, Ion 148 28 W,
U S transport, steering SW.
June 0, 7:40 p m, lat 30 05 N, Ion 142 33 W,
Jap stmr America Maru, hence June ,6, for
China. ,
June 13, 2:55 a m. lat 37 27 N, Ion 124'0<J W,
stmr Sierra, hence June 12,' for Sydney. * •
June 28, lat 48 N, Ion 7 W. Br ship Tox
tcth, from Antwerp, for San. Diego. '
June 6. lat 47 N, Ion 27 W, Ital bark Nar
cissus, hence Feb 1, for United Kingdom.
June 7, lat 44 Nrlon 13 W. Br ship Metro
polls, from Shields, for San Francisco.
May 5, no position, Br- ship Glenbank, from
Antwerp, for San Francisco. ; . . ._
Per bark C D Bryant — June 12, off . Cape
Mendocino, sDOko bark Levi G Burgess, from
Port Ludlow, bound for.Callao.
SPOKEN.
> SAILED. ' ';"
Friday, June 13.
Stmr Ruth, Erickson, San Diego.' .'
Stmr Eureka, . Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, Greenwood. • .. 4
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, Santa Cruz.
" Stmr Samoa, Olsen, with schr Sacramento in
tow. > .,
TJ S stmr Alert, Adams, cruise. .
Ship^Shenandoah, .Watts, New, York.'
Schr Sacramento, Hansen, Siuslaw.' River,
in tow stmr Samoa.
Schr Jennie-Wand. • Christensen, Coos Bay. I
. , : Friday, June 13.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Schr Julia. E Whalen, Rosehlll, Honolulu:
W C Peacock. *• . ¦
- Schr J G Wall, Dollard, codfishlng, • master.
CLEARED,
' . Thursday, June 12.
U S stmr Manila, Halssy, 57 days from Ma
nila, via Guam 45 days and via Honolulu 17
days. . ........
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Schr Fortuna, Olsen, 30 hours' from "Eureka."
Friday. June 13.
Stmr. Charles Nelson, Scbage, HK-i .days from
Seattle.
; Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, 59 hours from San
Pedro. . , %
; Stmr Ruth, Erickson, II! hours from Bowens
Landing; -bound to San. Pedro; put in. for. pas
sengers.
Stmr Navarro. Devitt, 53 • hours from Eu
reka.
• Ger stmr Pentaur, Jurgensen, .103 days from
Hamburs, etc. . .' • -
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, 28 days 11 hours
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days 13%
houre, via Honolulu 6 days 12 hours 45 min
utes. - . , .-'"¦- . . — .
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, 24 days from La
baina.
Bktn CorOnado, Potter, 21 days ' from Hono
lulu. ¦ • ... ¦ . . -
ARRIVED.
-- Shipping Intelligence.
mining man and well known in this city. He
was about 64 years of age. He has* been
wealthy several times. He made and lost a.
big fortune in the Comstock days and Is
thought to have been in fairly comfortable
financial circumstances at the time of his
death. He was in partnership at Mazatlan
with a man named Hall. When in this city he
made his headquarters at the Lick House. The
only other passenger was Dr. J. C. Hennessy
of this city, who has been in Mazatlan in con
nection with some mining investments. The
Per.taur had a stormy passage. The officers
report lots of earthquakes ¦ along the South
American coast, but say the only volcano in
action was at Esalco in Salvador, and
that there the volcanic activity was nothing
alarming. The Pentaur docked at Howard
street wharf No. 3.
The Kosmos line steamship Per.taur arrived
lest evening from Han-burg and South Ameri
can ports. She had C00 tons of freight and
treasure worth $60,000. D. J. Mackenzie, a
jjacsenger. who joined the ship at Mazatlan,
died en Thursday morning of consumption His
body was brought to port. Mackenzie was a.
Pentaur Arrives.
The steamer Enterprise sailed on Thursday
for Hilo with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued .at $57,0*55. The cargo included the
following: 1225 bbls Hour, 152 ctls wheat, 476
ctls barley. 103,106 lbs bran, . 19,968 lbs mid
dlings, 351,582 Ibs rolled barley, 11.728 lbs
beans. 17U0 lbs and 6 cs meals. 83.700 lbs
rice, 546 lbs dried peas, 2S11 bales hay, 416,780
lbs fertilizer. 80 ctls corn. 2464 lbs and 8 cs
bread, 1270 Ib3 cheese, 1347 lbs candy, 3661 lbs
soda, 1U8 lbs chocolate, 690 lbs dried fruit,
1147 lbs ham and bacon, 3532 lbs butter, 2720
lbs lard. J100 lbs codfish. 4150 lbs sugar, 6500
lbs salt. 2992 lbs starch, 53 csks beer, 2420
lbs fresh meat, 10 cs eggs, . 650 cs assorted
canned soods. 63 cs canned salmon, 518 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 1009 gals wine. !H
gals and 88 cs whisky, 29 pkgs. paste, 81 cs
boots and shoes, 70 pkgs fresh fruits and veg
etables, 34 crts onions, 222 crts potatoes, 5300
ft lumber. C2 pkgs drugs, 26 pkgs dry goods,
184 pkzs hardware, '306 pkgs millwork, 12 pkgs
paper, 4 coils rope. 967 pkgs steel, 564 pkgs
iron, COO cs coal oil, 172 cs and 390 lbs tobac
co. 200 bbls lime, • 57 pkgs shooks, 11 .pkge
paints and oils, 64 cs soap, 7 pkgs bicycles, 25
sheep, I 4 hogs, 26 pkgs machinery, .229 sks
coal, 2 cs hats.
Merchandise for Hilo.
Miss Marie Aquino, Hon. A. W. Brewin, Miss
E. M. Brewin, Rev. Thomas M. Borke. F. H.
Du Cros. i W. . E. Du Cros, J. J. Dunne. W.
J. Gorham, W. Gorham, H. G. Hodsoll. D.
Forbes. Mrs. E." A. Judson, Miss C. D. Jud
son, Miss S. P. Judson, J. W. Maclaren, Mrs.
Maclaren, Mrs. S. C. Partridge. . Miss H. L.
Partridge, William Pott, Dwlght S. Richard
son, Miss Richardson, J. E. Smith. Charles
Stonor. E. \V. Tilden. Mrs. Tilden and child.
Dr. Yung Wing. P. Ballantine, Mrs. Ballan
tlne. L. W. Bristowe, L. P. Clawson, Miss
Edith Clawson, W. H. Davis, Rev. C. Good
rich, D.D.; Rev. S. E. Hager. Mrs. Hager
and four children, Mrs. H. L. Epplns:er and
child, H. W. B. Joseph. A. E. i Kaeser. Mrs.
A E Knights, J. J. Kuenzli, Tom Leung,
Mrs. Toni Leung, M. B. Miltenberscr. J. V.
Plummer, G. E. Read, Lieutenant Rudolph
Schwarz, Franz Seidel, J. Soss, F. M. Trevoe,
Miss Bjatrice Vrooman, Hiss Rachel Vrooman,
Miss Fanny G. Wilson.
The passengers were
The Gaelic called at Manila on her out
ward trip and enjoyed pleasant weather
throughout the voyage.
There were several missionaries on
board, among them .Rev. C. Goodrich,
D.D., who was besieged at Peking during
the late Boxer trouble. Hon. A. W.
Brevrin and Mrs. Brewin were passengers.
Mr. Brewin is Superintendent of Schools
at Hongkong.
Among the passengers was Mrs. S. C.
Partridge, - nee,. Simpson, .wife _of the
Bishop of Kioto. Mrs. Partridge brought
with her Miss H. L. Partridge, her step
daughter, and her purpose in this country
is to place the young lady at school. Dr.
Yung Wing, also a passenger, is a thor
oughly Americanized Chinese physician.
17 days 13 hours from Yokohama
ard 6 days 12 hours from Honolulu. She
brought 2600 tons of cargo, gold valued at
$153,000 and a full complement of passen
gers.
THE Occidental . and Oriental
Steamship Company's Gaelic ar
rived yesterday from the Orient,
2* days 11 hours from Hongkong,
rolls and 20 bales newspaper, 13 bales over
alls, 10 cs paper, 3500 lbs raisins, 9 cs rub
ber eoods. 43 pkes sewins machines, 336 cs
canned salmon.
To Australia — 27C5 bbls flour, 63 cs boots and
shoes, S10 lbs beans, 4 pkgs beer, 2 bicycles,
25 es canned fruit. 795 cs canned • vegetables,
225 cs canned lobsters. 34,082 lbs coffee, 1000
lbs codfish, 3085 lbs and 68 cs dried fruit, 47
pkgs electrical supplies, 10 pkgs dry goods,
427 pkgs drugs and patent medicines, 13 pkgs
leather, 8000 ft lumber, 458 gals lubricating
oil, 2810 lbs mlllstufts. 371 pkgs metal ' polish.
<!0 pkgs machinery, 250 rolls newspaper, 36
bales overalls, 40 pkgs raisins, 370 cs rolled
oats. 720 drums • sheep dip, 28 pkgs sewing
machines and fixtures, 200 lbs starch, 36 pkgs
scales^ 20 cs whisky, 8 ctU wheat, l»0 kegs
while lead.
To Fiji Islands — 143 cs assorted canned
goods, 68 cs canned salmon, 3 pkgs »alt sal
mon. 575 lbs dr'ed fruit, 100 lbs beans, 280 lba
codfish, 150 ibs hops, 4 pkgs groceries and
provisions. .
To South Africa— 100 cs canned fruit, 4000
lbs dried fruit. ¦ •-
AC APULCO— Sailed June 12 — Stmr Acapul
co, for San Francisco. June 7— Stmr City of
Para, for Panama.
FOREIGN ¦ PORTS,
DURBAN — Arrived June 10 — Br ship Pen
rhyn Castle, from Tacoma. ¦• ¦
PKAWLE POINT— Passed June 12— Ger ship
Henriette. from Shields, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 11— Stmr China,
for San. Francisco.
Sailed May 20— U S stmr Mohican, for Hono
lulu. • - ....
¦ NEW- YORK— Sailed June -13— Stmr Redon
do, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
Arrived June 1 — Bktn S N Castle, hence
May. 17: U S stmr Solace,' hence May 26. June
3 — Br stmr Coutlc, hence May 27 r bark Oregon,
from Newcastle, NSW. June 4— Br stmr Aor
anfrl,' from- Australia. June 5 — U.S «tmr Al
batross, from Laysan Island. June 6 — Br stmr
Gaelic, from Yokohama; stmr Alameda, hence
May -31. . _ ,
KAHULUI— Arrived May 31— Stmr Hyades,
from -Honolulu. -
Sailed May 20— Bark Nuuanu,' for Hilo. :
MAHUKONA — Sailed v May 29— Schr H C
WriKht.. for -San Francisco. "
HILO— Arrived May 29— Bark Nuuanu, from
Kahulul
HONOLULU— Sailed June 3— Br «tmr Coptic,
for Yokohama. May 31 — Bark Andrew Welch,
for San Francisco. June 3 — Bktn S G Wilder,
for San Francisco. June 4 — Br stmr Aorangi,
for Victoria: stmr Tampico, for San Francisco,
via Kahului; bktn W H Dlmond, for San
Francisco; bark 'Ceylon, for Layson Island.
To sail-June 6— fj S stmr Solace, for Manila,
via Guam;, ship Acme,, for New. York.
ISLAND PORTS.
Arrived June 13 — Stmr City of Puebla. hence
June 10; stmr City of Seattle, - from Skagway.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 13 — Stmr Na
tional City.' hence June 12.
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed June 13— Ship Ca
nara, for Cape Town.
* Sailed June 13 — Stmrs Alliance and Pomona
and bktn Mary Wlnkelman, for- San Fran
cisco. '.
SAN 'JDJEGO — Arrived June 13— Schr Dora
Bluhm, from San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW- Arrived June 13— Schr H
D Bendlxsen, from Port Gamble.
SEATTLE— Sailed June* 13— Stmr Umatllla,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived June 13 — Stmr North
Fork, hence June. 11;- stmr Alliance, from Coos
Bay. .
VENTURA— Arrived June 13— Stmr George
Loomis, hence June 12, and sailed for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA — Sailed June 12 — Bktn Gleaner,
for San Francisco. .
Arrived June 13— Ital ship Canara, from
Whatcom, for Cape Town ; bark J D Peters,
from Seattle. - ¦ • • .
NEAH BAY— Passed out June 13— Stmr
Edith, for San Francisco; Br ship County of
Caithness, from Tacoma. for United Kingdom.
• Passed in' June 13 — Schr Otella Pederson,
from Honolulu ; stmr supposed to be Aztec,
hence June S, .for Nanalmo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 13— Bktn
Aurora, from Shanghai.
Sailed June li> — Bktn Aurora,: for Che
mainus; schr Forest Home, fqr San Francisco;
schr Soauel. for gan Pedro; schr Queen, for
San -Francisco. ...
Home, for San Francisco: schr Soquel, for San
Pedro.
Sailed June 13— Stmr Washtenaw, for San
FrancUco. ¦ - ; ¦ •
PORT * GAMBLE — Sailed June 13— Schr
Queen, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 13 — Bktn Wrestler, hence
May 31.
Sailed June 13— Schr H D Bendlxsen, for
UNITED STATES" WARSHIP. FORMERLY ONE OF MONTEJO'S FLEET,
CAPTURED BY DEWEY AT MANILA. SHE . ARRIVED HERE
DISABLED THURSDAY NIGHT AFTER AN EXCITING VOYAGE.
An old-time statesman, who is familiar
v.ith affairs political in this State, re
marked yesterday: "Gage's re-election is
Impossible. Anybody could defeat him.
The single fact that he took a Chinese
highbinder out of the penitentiary and
hired him to cook in the household of his
Excellency the Governor of California is
sufficient to everlastingly damn him "in
the estimation of the laboring classes.
The working people are already asking:
'Couldn't the Governor find an American
cook, a German cook, a French cook or a
Swedish cook? Why did he employ a
Chinaman and a highbinder? If the Gov
ernor needed a first class cook, why did
he not apply to the Cooks' and Waiters'
Union for white help instead of going to
the penitentiary for a Mongolian?' The
tacts only need to be plainly put forth.
"So other issue is required. What is the
*ense of all this agitation against Chinese
immigration and the employment of Mon
golians when the Governor of the State
himself insults American workingmen by
piving preference to Asiatic labor? Of
tourse all the Democrats are shouting for
Oage and endeavoring to enlist sympathy
for the unfortunate executive. The Dem
ocrats desire -his nomination because any
body could beat him. The absent furni
ture will not count as much against him
as the paroled Chinaman, because the
•furniture on parole' . is not earning
wages."
GAGE WILL BE DEFEATED.
The machine forces of San Francisco
are in a bad plight. Burns is said to be
sulking because" Herrin persists in doing
politics with Crimmins. In the south the
Gage men are spreading the report that
the Governor, having fully liquidated all
his political obligations to Burns, proposes
to £ive the boss a grand shake. The re
port was placed in circulation before
Gage was overcome by the cloud of San
Quentin scandal. The Gageites are now
hedging and making special overtures to
bring Burns back to the camp. Martin
Kelly, who was betrayed and otherwise
shabbily treated by Herrin. Crimmins.
Burke and Lynch in the last municipal
convention, has had many olive branches
extended to him. Johnny Mackenzie, who
was counted on to stay in town and round
up the Gage push, has gone to the Mon
terey cypress groves. The chief manager
of the business administration, who re
cently exchanged certificates of lnno-.
cence with Warden Aguirre, is in Los An
geles appealing to the Democratic press
for help m obtaining Republican dele
gates to the State convention.
PLIGHT OF THE MACHINE.
From Amador and Calavoras counties
romps tlic news that despite tho urjrient
Sntistonee of iiis friends, Senator John
1\ Davis has persisted in his determina
tion net to become a. candidate for re
election to the State Senate, and a sign
ed statement that he will not be a can
didate vras published in the principal Re
publican papers in those counties yester
day. Senator Davis made a splendid rec
ord as a pood legislator, and displayed
an ability and efliclency of the highest
order. He lias pained a reputation for
unswerving integrity, infinite resourcefui
ners and untiring; energy. Two of his
Senatorial colleagues who were in town
Tvljpn told yesterday of Judge Davis' in
tention expressed keen regret, one of
them stating he would be. missed in the
Senate, and the other that California can
not have too many men as he in
public life.
It is said that A. Ilochcimer of Wil
lows will receive the Republican nomina
tion for State Senator in the Fourth Sen
atorial District. Th*> district, composed
of the counties of Colusa, Glenn. L.ake and
Mendocin-j, is regarded as almost hope
lessly Democratic, but Mr. Hocheimer
will carry the Republican standard if thb
convention places it in his hands.
Word comes from Napa that Percy
King, a young lawyer, will have strong
support for Republican nomination to the
Assembly from the new Fifteenth Dis
£,ct. In the last legislature' E. I. Web
r represented Napa County in the As
fembly.
the Political Goose
of Gage.
Highbinder on Parole Cooks
John F. Davis Will Not
Accept Renomina
tion for Senate.
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L., SATURDAY, JUKE 14, 1902;
Brings Big Cargo and Gold Treasure Valued; at" $F^3;;ooo~-Steam
Schooner Navarro Loses Her Propeller at Sea and • Reaches Port
in Tow of the Steamer Charles Nelson From -Seattle
GAELIC ARRIVES FROM HONGKONG
WITH FULL LIST OF PASSENGERS
10
Sur
Bui
Moi
rises ....................
" sets ...;....
m sets
.4:47
.7:33
.....'.0:44'
i. m.
?
s
Time Time Time
Ft. Ft. (
t> W H W : I* "W
0:03 1.8 6:55 3.D 12:22
1:47 J.3 8:10 3.9 1:10
2:33 9:14 4.0 1:55
3:20 0.3 10:10 4.1 2:30
4:00—0.1 11:00 4.2 3:20
4:39— 0.3 11:46 ".4.3 4:00
5:12—0.3 12:20 4.4 -1:10
Time
Ft.
H TV
1.8 7:10
I 2.2 7:54
V 2.« 8:34
2.8 9:13
2.0 9:47
2.8 10:18
2.810:47
Ft.
14
15
1G
17
18
in
20
B.7
5.0
5.U
5 6
6.5
5.4
5.2
Steamer.
From.
I
. Due.
Hathor Seattle '. June 14
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford June 14
Chchalis Grays Harbor June 14
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria June 14
Newburg. . . . Grays Harbor June 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. June 14
Pomona HumboMt June 14
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena. . June 14
Phoenix Mendocino City June 15
Kureka Seattle June 15
G Dollar Grays Harbor ¦ June 15
Rival WUIapa Harbor June 15
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma June 16
Kdlth Seattle June 16
Eureka Humboldt June 16
Sequoia Redondo June 16
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports June 16
Santa Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports. June 16
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 16
Coronado.... San Pedro June 17
Norths Fork.. Humboldt June 17
Alameda Honolulu June 17
Argo.'... Eel River Ports June 17
San Pedro Grays Harbor June IS
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. . June 18
Leelanaw New York vlaTanama. June 15
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria. . .j. . June 19
Point Arena. . Point Arena 7i . I June 19
Santa Rosa.. San Diego *& Way Ports! June 19
S. Barbara. . Seattle & Tacoma |June 19
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Portsjjune 20
Hongkong Ma China & Japan I June 20
Hyades Honolulu June 20
Tampico Kahulul June 2tt
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports...... June 21
Mandalay .... Coqullle River June 22
Sonoma Sydney & Way ports.. June 2-S
Corona Newport & ¦ Way Ports. | June 24
Steamer.
I
Destination.
! Sails. I Pier.
¦ |
June 14.
Arctic Humboldt . . ..* .... 10 am Pier 2
S. Monica. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Iaqua.. Humboldt 1 pm Pier 28
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. B pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
.lane .15.
Coos Bay... San Pedro &jWay.. 9 am Pier- 11
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom. 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
Jnne 10.
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Peking China & Japan ... 1 pm PMSS
Pomona Huc.boldt , 1:30 p Pier 11
Jnne 17i
Phoenir Mendoclno City\... 3 pm Pier 13
Coronado.^ Grays Harbor .«... 5 pm Pier 2
Albion Piv. Pt. Arena & Albion tS pm Pier 13
G. Dollar. .. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
G Elder, r-. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Alliance Portland & Way... 10 am Pier 16
Jnne 18. ¦
Argo. Eel. River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Lakme Portland & Way .. 12 m Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier 2
Eureka.... Seattle & Tacoma
Acaoulco. . . Panama & Way. . . 12 m PMSS
Jnne 1O.
Corona Newport & "Way Pts O am Pier 11
State Cal... San Diego & .Way. 9 am Pier 11
. Jnne 20. . . ;
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Hathor..... Hamburg & Way Pier —
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Jane 21.
GaMic China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Chehalis... Grays Harbor .;-. .. 4 pm Pier 2
Jane U-.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
yj Jnne 24.
Tamplco... Honolulu & Seattle Pier —
Jane 25.
City Puebla Puget Sound - Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay.. Coqullle River_ .... 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Spokane..... Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. | June 14
City Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports.. June 16
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports.. June 18
City Tbpeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 1J».
Farallon Skagway & W r ay Ports. June 20
Al-Ki ... Skagway & Way Ports. . |June 20
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|June 23
Steamer.
From.
I
. Due.
Hathor Seattle '. June 14
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford June 14
Chchalis Grays Harbor June 14
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria June 14
Newburg. . . . Grays Harbor June 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. June 14
Pomona HumboMt June 14
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena. . June 14
Phoenix Mendocino City June 15
Kureka Seattle June 15
G Dollar Grays Harbor ¦ June 15
Rival WUIapa Harbor June 15
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma June 16
Kdlth Seattle June 16
Eureka Humboldt June 16
Sequoia Redondo June 16
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports June 16
Santa Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports. June 16
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 16
Coronado.... San Pedro June 17
Norths Fork.. Humboldt June 17
Alameda Honolulu June 17
Argo.'... Eel River Ports June 17
San Pedro Grays Harbor June IS
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. . June 18
Leelanaw New York vlaTanama. June 15
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria. . .j. . June 19
Point Arena. . Point Arena 7i . I June 19
Santa Rosa.. San Diego *& Way Ports! June 19
S. Barbara. . Seattle & Tacoma |June 19
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Portsjjune 20
Hongkong Ma China & Japan I June 20
Hyades Honolulu June 20
Tampico Kahulul June 2tt
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports...... June 21
Mandalay .... Coqullle River June 22
Sonoma Sydney & Way ports.. June 2-S
Corona Newport & ¦ Way Ports. | June 24
Steamer.
I
Destination.
! Sails. I Pier.
¦ |
June 14.
Arctic Humboldt . . ..* .... 10 am Pier 2
S. Monica. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Iaqua.. Humboldt 1 pm Pier 28
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. B pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
.lane .15.
Coos Bay... San Pedro &jWay.. 9 am Pier- 11
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom. 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
Jnne 10.
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Peking China & Japan ... 1 pm PMSS
Pomona Huc.boldt , 1:30 p Pier 11
Jnne 17i
Phoenir Mendoclno City\... 3 pm Pier 13
Coronado.^ Grays Harbor .«... 5 pm Pier 2
Albion Piv. Pt. Arena & Albion tS pm Pier 13
G. Dollar. .. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
G Elder, r-. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Alliance Portland & Way... 10 am Pier 16
Jnne 18. ¦
Argo. Eel. River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Lakme Portland & Way .. 12 m Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier 2
Eureka.... Seattle & Tacoma
Acaoulco. . . Panama & Way. . . 12 m PMSS
Jnne 1O.
Corona Newport & "Way Pts O am Pier 11
State Cal... San Diego & .Way. 9 am Pier 11
. Jnne 20. . . ;
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Hathor..... Hamburg & Way Pier —
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Jane 21.
GaMic China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Chehalis... Grays Harbor .;-. .. 4 pm Pier 2
Jane U-.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
yj Jnne 24.
Tamplco... Honolulu & Seattle Pier —
Jane 25.
City Puebla Puget Sound - Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay.. Coqullle River_ .... 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Spokane..... Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. | June 14
City Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports.. June 16
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports.. June 18
City Tbpeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 1J».
Farallon Skagway & W r ay Ports. June 20
Al-Ki ... Skagway & Way Ports. . |June 20
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|June 23
Sur
Bui
Moi
rises ....................
" sets ...;....
m sets
.4:47
.7:33
.....'.0:44'
i. m.
?
s
Time Time Time
Ft. Ft. (
t> W H W : I* "W
0:03 1.8 6:55 3.D 12:22
1:47 J.3 8:10 3.9 1:10
2:33 9:14 4.0 1:55
3:20 0.3 10:10 4.1 2:30
4:00—0.1 11:00 4.2 3:20
4:39— 0.3 11:46 ".4.3 4:00
5:12—0.3 12:20 4.4 -1:10
Time
Ft.
H TV
1.8 7:10
I 2.2 7:54
V 2.« 8:34
2.8 9:13
2.0 9:47
2.8 10:18
2.810:47
Ft.
14
15
1G
17
18
in
20
B.7
5.0
5.U
5 6
6.5
5.4
5.2
¦:^j-^- : --- •• ADVERTISEMENTS.
riBpEUTETSEGURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
Eiear signature of /^*^^wi
j-^ — — : • , _
I Very BroaU and as e«sy
C FF F0RHEADACHL SEE
" LL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. OUU
fJTTIF FOR BIUOUSMESS. ._.......-
|Ur E D FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
M 081 LS FOR CONSTIPATIOII.
WRAPPPR W m FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPER
WKAFFtH|||^l§ .FQRTHECOMPLEXSOFi " n^r-rLn
. GEnrcnmns must k*v»$v»m*tv>ic. _
"PRINTED ~1~>N RB3D PAPER."
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTprERTTPAClRC
Trains lea*e « n « l * r *^, u « *" »«**« *t
sAN Jrx»A>^istu.
"--- ,"¦ L.(Maln Linf^J-oot of Market Street )
Lkatic — From Jcnk 1. i'J<C- — aeritb
~T00a lieniciii. SuUncu Kliutra aad Sacrar
• " men to .* 5 55p
7D0\ Vacnville. winter". Rmrwey. ....... 755p
73Ja -Martinez, San / Ramon. \ allsjo,
Napa, Callatojw. Rosa...... 8 25p
8 00* PavU.Woodland.KnUhts Landing.
Marysville. Orovlile 755p
8.00a Atlantic Exprt-«»--e.^icn and East. 3.25*
8 00* Mlesi, Lntbro?, Stoc-ktnn... ........ 725p
8 00a Xllcs. Mcadota, Banford. Vlaalii*.
. l>nrtervtlle 455P
8 30a Sh»»ta Express— .OftvU. Williams
BM (for Bariirtt Springs). Willows.
Ked Bluff, FortUnd 7.55r
8.33a San ,Io.-e, Llvermore. Stockton,
ioae. Sicramcnto, Placervllle,
Mnrysvllle. Cnleo, Red Bluff 4.25p
8.30a Oakdalc,Chinese,Sononi,Tiioliimne 4.25^
9.00a Vallejo » 12.25?
9.00a Los Anjteles Expreos— Martinez.
Tracy. Lathrop.Stoctton.Merced.
Knymond.Fresno and LosAn^elo* 8Z;4
9.30a Valleju. Martinez and Way statlona 7.55*>
10.00* Hsyward. Niles and Way Stations. t12.5a*
10.00 v The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omnha. Cblcatfo......... B25p
t1 00r» Sacramento River Sceanier» Tl i.OUp
3 OOP Benlcl*. .Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams. Willow*.
Knights Landing. Marysvll!e.
Orovlile 10-55*
3.30t Ilayward. Ni'.P8 and W»y sunlons.. 755?
4 OOP MartiDfz.SanlUmoii.Vallejo.Napa,
Callstoga. Santa F:osa .?? 3A
4 OOP N'lles, Llvermore, Stocicton, Lodl.. 12-25P
4 30i» llHyw»r^,Xlle».S»n.Io8e,Ltvermore t8.5oA
4 3Qp The O%vl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
Bakerstleld, SaiiRus <or Santa
Rsrfrara, Los Angeles 8 55*
5 00p PortCo8ta,Tracy,Lathrop.Stockton 10-25*
6 OOP Martinez. Autluch. Stockton, Mer-
ced. Raymond, Fresno 1225p
t5.30P Niles Local V?i A
6 001" Hayward. XHes and San Jose /.65a
tS.OOP Vallejo 11.25*
6C0r Oriental Mall — Ogden. Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago..: 4-25?
7.C0r San Pablo. Port Costa. Martinez
and Way Stations 11-25*
t7.OOP Vallejo 755f
8 05p Oregoa & Cailforuia Kxpress— sac-
rnmsnto. Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland, l'ut'i-t Sound and East. 8-55*
:9.10p H»yward_«nd yiles til 55a
COAST LINE Oarrow Bau S e).
(Foot of .Market Street.)
~*7.45a Santa Cruz Excnrsion :3 C5r
8.15* Xewarlc. Centerville. San Jose.
" Fi-lton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz aud Way Stations 5 50»
T2-15F Newark. Centcrvllle. San Jo»e.
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10-50*
4.15P Xewsrk. San Jose, Los Gatos t8.5O*
•4.15P San Jose. Los Gatos. Santa Cruz... <Q 50*
" OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KK AX CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 17:13 9:00 11:00 a.*. 1-00 3C0 515 P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — +6:00 t3:00
t3:05 10:00 aoi. 12 00 200 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Ua«ne). .
«Thlnl ana Townsend Streets.)
8.10a San .lose and Way Stations 6-33*
t7 00a San Jose and Way stations ..... +3-C0*
//.1C* >"ew Al-naden.. ..-~ /4.10p
i7.15A Monterey Excursion ;832?
800* Coast Line Limited— San Jose,
Gllroy. Salln&s. San Lnfs Obispo.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45?
9.00* San Jose. Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz.
Pacific Grove, Salinas. S»n Luis
ObUpo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10*
10.30*. San Jose and Way Stations 8-38*
11.30 a San Jose.Loa GatosaadW ay Stations +9. 00 a
o1.30p San Jo«e and Way Stations a7.0Qp
2.3Qp San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres
Plnos. Santa Cruz. Salinas. Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove 10-45*
t3.30p San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
t4.00P I>il Monte Express— Only stops San
Jose 1 ~t12.01*
4.30? SanJoseandPrlncipalWayStations 1.3tJr
t5-0QJ" San Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations B.30r
5-30P San Jose and PrlncIpaiWay Stations 63C?
tS.15f San Mateo. Belmont. Redwood, •
MenloPark. Palo Alto +6. 45*
G.30p San Jose and Way Station* „ 7.307
7.0QP Xew Orleans Express — Saa Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara. Los An-
geles; Demine. El Paso. Ifew
Orleans and East 10-15*
•11-45P Sun Jose and Way Stations
A for Morning. P for Afternooa.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
* Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only.
C1LIJ OBNU NORTBWESTEBN HI. CO
LESSEES
SAS -fRANCISGl) ANJ MSB- PAGiFli
IUILWAY COMPAST.
Tlbnrou Vcrry, Foot ot M&rket SU
SAX FRAKCISCO TO SAN H.4JPAEI*
WEKK DAI'S — 7:»0. 9:W». 11:00 a. m.; 12:3X
2:^0. 8:10, 6:30 d. m. Thursdays— Eitxa trip
at 11:30 d. m- Saturday* — is^ttra trips ac
1:60 and 11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 8:00, »:3O. 11:80 a. nx; 1:3#. 8:30.
6:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAS KAFAKli TO SAX FllAA'CISCO.
WEEK DAYS*— «:05> 7:35. 7:50^ »:20, 11:14
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 6:20 p.m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and tt:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:0O. »:40. 11:15 a. m.; l:t0, J:40,
4:ft5. S:03. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
Ban Francisco! May 4. 1002. ISaa Francisco
Week I Sun- I Desttna- . I Sun- I AVeeX
Days. I days. | tlcn. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:0Oa Ixnaclo W:10a 8:40 a,
8:30 p »:3t>a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
6:10 p S:UOp Kovato 6:05 p 0:2U 9
' - 7:35p !
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40*
8:30 p 0:30 a and . 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
0:00 p Bealdsburr 10:40 a
Lytton
G«yservill»
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:33 p 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8:00 a} Hopland 110:40 al 10:20 a
8:30 p( 5:00 p| Uklah f 7:33 p| 8:20 p
7:30 a I 8;00 a| Willlts | 7:35 p| 6:20~p
7:30 al 8:00 al GuernevllU I 7:35 p|10:2O m
3:30 p| B:COp[ |10:40 a| 6:29 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 0:10 al 8:Wa.
ff:10p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:03 p| 6:20 r>
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebaatopoi 110:40 a|10:20 *
8:30 p| S:0O p| • | 7:35 p| 6:20 9
Btagres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and "White Sulphur Eprtnss; ar Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; ae
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for th« Geysers and Boonevllle ; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvlUa.
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs!
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Deli
Lake v- Witter Springs. Upper Lake-. Porno. p£"
ter \ alley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerleya.
Buckncll's. Sanhedrin Heights. HullviUe OrTj
Hot Springs. Half-way House, Comptche, Cama
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Brarc
Westport. Usal; at Willlts for Sherwood. Cahta
Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cumminga. Bell's SprtnusJ
Harris. Olsen-s. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia an!
Eureka. . . •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*-.
doced rates.
On Sundays — Rotmd-tr<p tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st. Chronicle buUd»
B H. C. WH1T1NO. R. x. RTAN,
ten. Manager. Cen. Pass. A«t.
. ¦' t
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. : Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Says' la'A". -s :15 ,^,^_ |- M
VM: &&£ ::•— rrr - w5 is i. mz
11-30 A *-"-'"« kI> »T»<»ij. 4-*<Qr
iIsOp! "T»O3flFTMJW«r &oOT."ZZ
2:30 P. Op«a»ntheje»»roo!><J. R:15 p
UTUBOAtS ULl-lrsT* Tarnn >.X) p. urlnSuFrsiKtjo«ll:»r.
Ticket OScei. 621 MARKS r STREET .ad SAC3AUT0 TXiAX. . .
s ¦ • ¦¦' '¦ ¦ ¦ ¦-¦ ¦ : - ' ' - - ¦ ¦ ¦
JAKE JOSEPH, ReDresentatlvo, 300 Battery Street, San Francisco.
That's AMI
WILSON
WHISKEY
Established 1823.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FORERIJNNERS
of satisfactory laundry work arc' the
orders left for our collection service.
If you have a garment that you desire
laundered with special care sent! it to us—
we're careful in all our work, but extra
careful with delicate fabrics and colors.
NO SAW EDGES.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South *42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54- San Pablo Ave.
GOHOERHCEA AND URIUARY SISCHABSS3
A CURE IN 43 HOURS.
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
$BWSEUB OF ANATOMY^
A lC511iA223X:i.t8t.S±t7*i,3.r.Cil. k
\ \£f The Lar« nt Aeatomiul Museum in the \
B mi ill. I IT Worid. VVeakne«ie» or any contracted A
i. IBSfl disease pasltivlrcairodhythe oldest Y
0 Igia! Specialist on the Coast Est. 36 years. O
1 fl^f^g D8 « JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 0
\ a Convilution free and priratf. \
M ft jSWf i| Troatment pert;on?lly or by letter. A a
¥ ¦ w W M Fotitnt Curt in crery cmse undertaken. Y
MPU II KP w "te for Book. FHILOKUPIIY at A
W • (J I 7 * MABnMGG, MAILED FBEE. fAT
A {1 {J. raluable bc«lc for mi-n) \
" DSt. JUBDAN A CO.. 1051 Jlar'^pt St..S. P. 9
EA1XWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Lim'd
Local Mon& Local Ovrl'd
Dally Thurs Daily Dally
Lv Ban Fran 9:00 a 9:0Oa 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:lSpll:15p
" Merced .. 2:35 p l:17p 1:30a
" Fresno .. 4:10 p 2:35 p 3:13 a
" Hanford . S:5Sp 3:27 p 8:05 a
"Visalla .. 5:33p 5:00a
••B'kersfd 8:10 p 5:20 p 7:35 a
" Kan City 2:31a » 8:02 a
** Chicago 2:15 p 8:47 p
a lor morning, p tor afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Daily is Bakersfleld Local.
stopping at all points in San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
dally.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays is ths
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
> 4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. la the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
- Palace n Sleeper, which cuts cut at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. JZ !*
. NORTH SHORE RAILROAD,"
Via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing April 27, ltMti.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLB1'
— ANO.SAN RAFAEL. ll
a. W m E f K 12^. Y^^:*^4:U 4 %?i 5 ?^ 1 -^
funV^uH^Iey 0 : - *$&'.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, •9:00. •10:00. 11 00.
11:30 a. m.. 12:30. '1:30. 2:30. '3:43. tt:00.
7:80. t>:45. 11:45 p. m. ,f.v- • •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6;20. 7:40. 8 • 15/ •« -aa
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. •3:30. 4:40. 5:30 tt : *^
10:15 p. m. *
BUNDAYS— 6:00. »8:00. 9:30. 'llioo a. m
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:15. «3:30. 4Y10, »3i43 «•«*
7:30. 10:15 p. m. ' "'^^
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln. "
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. «:40. 7:45. fe£sB5 u -7£.
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 8:ao. 7au
10:15 V-' n>- ¦ ' . *
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:65. }0:05. 11:10 a. m.
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3T:45. 5:00. O^OS. 7:13, loT^u
P ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. rn. week days— Cazadero and wu
•tatlon*. . . ' '\ **
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
•tations. .
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays eicepted>—
Tomales and. way stations.
8:00 &. m. - Sundays — Cazadero and way
¦tations. .
.10:00 a. rn. Sundays— Point Reyes antt way
¦tations.
¦• Legal Holiday bop.ta and tralna wlU run oa
Sunday time. -^New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 13. — After a dull and
hecStattng: market during the greater part of
to-day, with Isolated upward movements here
and there, the market broadened in the final
•toar and moved upward quite generally with a
Butter, Cheese and Eggs are selling at last
week's prices. J Meats are unchanged.
The summer fruits continue to cheapen under
increasing supplies. Oranges and Lemons, are
dearer, as the market is not very well supplied
at the moment.
Meats, Poultry and Fish show no changes
worthy of note. •'..-•;
COAL, PER. .TON —
Canner.... $ ®13 OOiSouthfleld-
Wellington., «J>10 CO Wellington £— ©10 00
Seattle .... @ 8 50|Coos Bay.... — @ 7 00
Roslyn @ » CDGreta ...."... — @1O 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq45@50 Common Eggs...— @2O
. Do good 40# — Ranch Eggs, per
Common' 35@37 dozen .... 22%@25
Cneese, Cal . .:. .12@13 Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern. .17@2Qj pound :.15@20
Cheese, Swiss.... 20@30 1 Do extracted... 8@10
meats; per lb.—
Bacon '12%@1S Pork Sausages. 12%@15
Hams 13@17 Smoked Beef :...17®2O
Lard .*.... 150— 1 *
The San. Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation, gives the following retail • prices
for meats:
Roast Beef .... .10@18|Lamb Chops ...\13@29
Tenderloin Stk...l5@lS Spring Lamb. .12V»!y20
Porterhse do.l7%@22% Roast Mutton. 8@12%
Sirloin Steak. .12%@15 Mutton Chop* 10@18
Round Steak... 10@12% Mutton Stew .... 8<S1O
Beef Stew ...... 8@10 Roast Veal \11®2d
Corned Beef ...... 8®10!Veal Cutlets ....15ig;2O
Soup Bones ..... 4@ — I Roast Pork . lli©lS
Soup 'Meat ..:... 8@1Q Pork Chops 13S1S*
Roast Lamb ..12%@1S .
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hen3, each 50#90 Ducks, each 65c@$t
Young Roosters, Geese, each ...$1 50<S2
..each ....... ,-.75c@$l Goslings ...$1 50@2 50
Old Roosters, ea.50@75 Pigeons, pair .'...40(950
Fryers, each. . . . .50<375j Squabs, per pair. 50@C»»
Broilers, . each . . .30:350 Rabbits, each 15(820
Turkeys, per lb..20@25lHare, each — @2O
FRUITS AND NUTS-^- ' . • .
Apricots, lb ... .10@13 Pooseberries, lb.. 4@ 8
Alligator Pears. Grape Fruit, per
-each ...25@50 -dozen'.; $1@1 25
Almonds ....... .13@20 Dried Figs, per lb — (310
Apples 3@ 5 Eimes.. dozen. .. .10@l."i
Blackberries, Lemons, dozen. :.30©40
-per drawer .. .40@C0 Oranges, dozen. .3O137.1
Cherries, per lb.. 8©lO Pineapples. each.30©3O
Currant3, per ¦• Raspberries, per
-drawer..' uO@C5 drawer : 50^65
Pecans — @20 Raisins, per lb. . 5^15
Brazil Nuts ....'.20®— Strawberries, ner
Bananas, doz....20@30 drawer . ..:. ..40@73
Oocoanuts. each.. — ©JlO Walnuts, per \b..l5fkjt>
Fresh Figs. lb. .. — @50
- VEGETABLES—
Asparagus 5@10 Okra. dried, lb..— &
Artichokes, doz..l5'@40 Potatoes, per lb.. 2@ 4
Beet's, dozen 10® — New Potatoes.... 2© 4
Beans, white; lb. 6@— Parsnips, per da. 10®
Colored, 1 per lb. 5@— Radishes, dozen
Dried Uma, lb... 6@ 8 bunches lo@2a
Cabbage.- each.*.. 5@ — Rhubarb ......... 3® 6
Celery, head...... 5@ — Sweet Potatoes,
Cress, dz bnch3 . . 20@r?n per lb ........ 3@ 5
Cucumbers, dz. ..20@5O Sage, do* bnch9.25<S30
Egg Plant. lb..l2Ms«*15| String Beans, per
Garlic . ...... «@ &[ pound ........ 4@ 6
Green Peppers,lb.20@30: Summer Squash.
Green Peas. lb...2%@4|. per pound .... 6@10
Lettuce, per doz.lu«?20! Sprouts, per lb... — &
Leeks, doz bnchs.la@20j Spinach, per lb. . 5@
Onions, per lb 2@ 5, Thyme, dz bchs. .25@30
Green Onions, dz {Turnips, per doz.10® —
bunches — ® — iTomatoes, lb lfr&—
Mushrooms, lb. .. — & —1
FISH—
Carp — ®— (Sea Bass .......— @_
Catfish Vm— Smelts ;'...12%@—
Codfish . . .12%@— Soles 12%@13
Flounders . - W@ — Skates, each S@15
Halibut ......-— @V~¥i Squid — «jiiu
Herring .:...,.. ¦ — ®— Tomcod .¦.10®12Vi
Mackerel 12}4<g — (Turbot 13IS2O
Do horse ..... — @10 Trout 35<95i»
Perch :.'..¦... ....106— Brook Trout .... — @65
Pompino 50®— Whiteflsh ..10®—
Rockcod ........ — @15 Clams., gallon ...50#—
Rockflsh —#15 Do hardshell,
Salmon, fresh. .. .— @13 per pound ... S®10
- Do smoked — $2u Crawfish ........ — © —
Sardines ...:.. - . — ®10 Crabs, each - . . ..15®2C
Shrimps — & — Mussels, quart. . . — <&—
Shad 8®10 Ojsters. Cat. 10fl.40<g3*.
Striped. Bass..... — @ — Do Eastern. dz.25S4-*
Continued on Page. Thlrte«a. ..
.CHICAGO* June 13.-Rainy weather was
chiefly the cause of a very strong opening in
wheat. Cables were a little higher and closea
firm. At the start shorts . were very nervous
over the bullish array of influences at wnrUn
the pit and they covered freely. There w P r2
other bullish side issues, such as lowerArLn
tine shipments and sales to France, the flr"t
in a long time, but the main influence was' the
,constant arrival of threatening wet wpnthAr
'news in fields where wheat was ready tao.if-
The Ohio Valley,. the Central States the
vest fields of Oklahoma and Kansas! and even
.the spring • wheat fields of the Northwest re
ceived. copious rains. Private reports tol d ™f
too much water everywhere. July L.,, „' „ °j
%@%c to %@u, C higher at 72%@72U° Pe ind
soon sold up almost a cent to 72%cT st LoiTfs
shorts were good buyers. December W a 8 in
good demand; the cash business was go^d^ The
Kansas Millers' Association Issued Its final r»
P ° r 5 5 n^ the w £ eat . crop of tnat Sta e and Lti"
mated. the production at from 45 000 ooo hi—if 1 •
to 50,000.000 bushels. Harvesting^'of -Sft.JjJ'J
wheat there Is in full swing, where not ed
vented by flooded fields.- Late trading consist^"
up. so ,r72 p Kv taklns - juiy c - iosed .^Tidi%i
¦ Wet'weather helped corn much. July dn^V
steady,, a shade lower, at 63%@<53%c
!^Oats -were active and nervous Sham ««*
yances were registered, early on hurried Li"'
Ing by shorts and the pit ruled flrmtall °d^v"
July closed firm, %c up, at 40c ! **'¦
' Provisions were profoundly dull and' uiiinter
S3 n sw«a m and ¦Mii§M$s i *%
.The leading futures ranged as follows
ffiaj- - OPen:HigXl~^
July .......:......- 72% 72% 7»« ->5/
September... 70% 71^6 70% 'n*
December ........ 72 72% 71T? -ii.;:
Corn No. 2— ¦ ¦ •' 1 '» ' 2 U
July.:..... 63% (3% 6314 ftou
September; ¦...•.'....,': 58% V"5S% '58^ nsv
July. , old . . h ..... 37% ; 28 '•'• r,7% 37%
July. : new . . .V. ;•; . , 40% 40% ; 30?4 . 46^
September,- oia.-:.' 28% 29 28% *qt/
September, new." ;¦. 31 -. 31%: 30% snr'
December, new . . 31 -...'¦ 31% ¦¦ 30% 30^
Mess Pbrti. per barrel— •*>%
July/ .,'..... ........17 67%17,67%17 60 17 CO
September ,,....... 17 75 17 80 17 70*17 72V1
Lard, per;' 100 pounds— v K- ¦\t. \f*:
July /.:.......: 10.30. 10 32%10 SO 10 30
September :..'..... 10 32% 10 :57%1O 32%10 35
Short Ribs,' per 100 pounds— .
July ..;:. .......:.l0 55 10 55 10 47%10 47Wi
September ......:. 10 30 10 35 . 10 30 10 30 ¦<
' Cash quotations were : as follows.: •" . • ' , : ¦ :;: .:¦ '
Flour, , dull and steady; • No. 3 spring wheat
C0@72?4c;V No, ' 2 , red. S0<g80^c;: No.^2 oats,'.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. June 13—The Cotton market
opened quiet and steady, unchanged, closing
quiet, with prices net 4 to lOpolnts higher. •
New York Cotton Market.
English markets were a shade better with
Glasgow at 54s 2d and MIddlesboro at 49a 7%d!
There was no trading in spelter and the quo
tations remained nominally at 4%c. London
however, Improved 2s 6d,. advancing to £18 5d
The local iron market continued auiet ami
without change.. Warrants 7 were nominal. No
1 Northern foundry, $21@22; No. 2 Northern
»5&T C0: N0 ; X Southern 0^
Copper was slightly easier here, with stand
ard spot to August at $11 70@12; Lake $12 25
@12 CO; electrolytic, $12 12%@12 27% and
casting at $12 12%@12 25., At London there
was a firmer market, prices advancing 2s 6d
making spot £54 7s Od and futures £54 11s 6d'
Lead ruled unchanged and dull at 4% and
quiet at London at £11 5s. „¦¦•
NEW YORK, June 13.— The local market for
tin was quiet, but .firmer, with spot at $30@
30 50. At London the spot market was easy
and 10s lower at £130, while futures were
unchanged at £125 5s.
New York Metal Market.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope' and fair over
tie southern. Thunder etorms are reported
from the plateau and Rocky Mountain regions.
The pressure has risen • rapidly over the en-
V»re country west of the Rocky Mountains.
~ The temperature has fallen over the plateau
and Rocky Mountain regions and remained
nearly stationary in other districts.
High westerly winds are .reported from Ne
vada and Idaho.
Forecast, made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight. June 14, 1902:
1 Northern California — Fair Saturday; brisk
northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
brisk west wind.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hours ending at 5 p m.,
120th meridian time, San Francisco, June 13,
19C2:
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
.MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sack3 are as fol
lows usual discount , to the trade: ' Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
tl 75- Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal," $3 '25; extra
cream do, $4;' Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flpur, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, '$3 50; Farina, S4 50; 'Whole Wheat
Flour S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9;,m
sacks' $0 85@3 50; .Pearl' Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas," $5 50; Green Peas.. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
. Hay and Feedstuff s.
] The market is absorbing the recent heavy
receipts" of Bran from Washington, hence . there
is no weakness apparent in that product. Mid
"dlings are also quoted firm. There is 'no fur
ther change in Hay. . .-
BRAN — $18 5p@19 50 per ton.
: $21@24 per ton.
' FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@2t>; job
bing $20 50@27; Coc'oanut Cake, ?20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@32;' Cracked Corn," $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed, $1C@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50..
.HAY — New Is selling as follows: Wheat,
$S@9 50; Volunteer Wild Oat, .$5 50@S; Old ia
quotable as follows: •v-'H ¦. ¦ ' •
Extra* fine > AVheat. : $12; fair to choice
do. $9 B0<i?ll 50; Wheat and Oat. $9@ll SO;
Oat $S®10 50; Alfalfa. $7@11; Clover. $7@a;
Volunteer, $0 60if?8 50; Stock. ?0@S per ton.
STRAW-^OgCSc per bale.
* Beans and feeds'.
While Beans are'- quiet local dealers report
a steady undertone, and quotations are main
tained. - • !¦:
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 10; small White, $2 40
©2.50;! large -White, :$2 40®2 45:Pea, $3 25@
3 50; Pink, .$202 15*1 Red. ?2 50; Blackeye, ;
$5@5 10; Limas, • $3 C0@3 75;' Red Kidneys,
$3 fO@3 75 per ctl. **•> ¦-"•¦ - 1 ....,»¦
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard,' $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry. 3% c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah. 10%@
ll%c; California.: 10@10%c; - Rape,' 1%@2%c;
Hemp,.3%c per lb.'"?-,.'af- r ¦ • ~. ''¦¦'¦.
: DRIED- PEAS— Niles. $1 75@2; Green," $1 .10
@1C5;' Blackeye, ?1 75@2,
FLOUR— -California Family Extras, $3 00®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon. $2 75@3,25 per barrel for family and
?3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3@
3 50.'. :-Vi -.' : '¦ • ¦ ' ''¦:'
-, Second Session — No sales. . .
Regular Morning Session — July, new — 2000
ctls, S5c; 2000, 85%c. December — 200, 83 %c;
2000, 83%c. ;
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
83%c; 8000, 83%c. ,
OATS — Another decline i3 noted. The feel
ing is weak, and buyers are scarce. Everybody
Is waiting for the new crop. Grays, $1 30®
1 40- Whites, $1 30@l 45! Milling, $1 42%@1 45;
Black, $1 15@1 30; Red. $1 25@1 35. ; -.--
CORN — Continues quiet and - weak, but the
controlling holder is still keeping prices up.
Large Yellow, ?1 45@1 50; small round do,
S150@152%; White, $1 55@1 60.
HyE Is quoted lower and very dull at 85
087V.C per ctl. : '
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 CO per ctl asked.
Flour arid Millstuffs. ¦ ¦ .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
20,000 ctls, 83% c. . • . .
CALL BOARD SALES,
New Feed, 91%@95c; old Feed, 95@96%c for
No. 1 and 9O@92%c'for off grades; brewing,
96%@97%c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked for stand
ard;
BARLEY — There was a firmer tone yester
day, with advanced quotations. A car of good
new Feed Bold at 93 %c and a car of choice at
95c. For old Feed 96% @97%c were the asking
prices. 1 The> improvement was due to the local
demand, the regular buyers being obliged to
stock up, having let their, supplies run low.
As spot stocks are light an advance was the
result. Some operators are inclined to look
for a steadier market from ' now oh; basing
their views on their belief that the crop is not
as large as anticipated, while supplies are less
than a year ago, and the demand for export
from this State is large and increasing -every
year. >'¦; . ___
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
4000 ctla, $1 11%. ... .
Second Session — No sales.
. Regular Morning Session — No sales.. -.
Afternoon i Session — December — 1000 ctls,
$1 11%. - - . - ¦ - .:
CALL BOARD, SALES,
: Bradstreet's gives the exports of wheat and
flour for the week at 3,400,000 bushels. Chi
cago reported a good cash demand yesterday,
with the flour mills buying freely of the new
crop.
This market'was quiet and featureless at the
quotations. ¦ . . . .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ?1 10@l 11%; milling,
$1 15@1 17% per ctl. ¦
WHEAT — Inactivity - characterizes the mar
kets everywhere, and fluctuations continue nar
row. Sowing has begun In Argentina under the
most favorable conditions, the • weather being
fine. ... '. , .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Temperature at San Francisco, 7 a. m., 50
degrefrg.
Exchange and. Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60. days....'.' — : $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight. ..... — 4 88%
Sterling Cables ...A......' — 4 80%
New York Exchange,' sight. ...; — ¦ 15' 1 .
New York Exchange, telegraphic — , 17%
Silver, per , ounce ¦....'..........'— 52
Mexican Dollars, ; nominal — _ 45%
The market for evaporated apples shows no
material change. While offerings ' continue
light demand is moderate and prices are steady.
Common i to good, 7@0<j; prime, 10c; choice,
10%@10%c; fancy, lie.
The chief' Interest- In the market for Cali
fornia fruits centers In prunes. Prices are
unchanged, ranging, from 3%c to 6%c. • ¦ '
. Apricots are in fair demand. Quotations at
10%@14c in boxes and bags, 10%<g)12c.
Peeled peaches are quoted at 12@l6c. Un
peeled, at 8%@10%c.
DRIED FRUITS
: NEW . YORK, June 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,040 barrels; exports, 13,055 barrels. Held
firm at 5@10c advance. Minnesota patents,
$3 90@4 20. /
WHEAT — Receipts, , 63,200 bushels. Spot
firm. No. 2 red, 78%c elevator; No. 2 red, 79@
80c f.o. b^ afloat; No. 1 " Northern Duluth,"
81c f. o. b. afloat; No 1. hard Manitoba,
84%c ,f..o. b.' afloat. Wheat was firm and
higher from the start, deriving its first im
pulse from good foreign buying, based on bad
weather in England and S France. Showers in
harvesting districts of the ; Southwest also
helped the - market, offsetting the arrival of
new wheat at St. Louis. Offerings were light
all day and 1 especially of new crop .options.
Near the close prices eased off under realizing
and were finally %c net higher. July, 78%@
79%c, closed at 78%c; September, 76%@76%c,
closed 76%c; December, 7"%@"8c-- closed 77%c.
i I HOPS— Quiet. State i prime to choice 1901
¦Crop," 19#23q; Pacific 5 Coast, 190X". crop,~lS%#
22c'. '< '-.-.. ¦ . '. I- ;
• HIDES— Quiet. , .
¦ WOOLAQuiet.' .' ; "
COFFEE — Spot R16, quiet. No. 7 invoice,
5%c; : mild, quiet.. Futures market closed
steady and unchanged . to 5 points net" higher.
Total sales, 22,750 bags, including: July,
4.75c; September. 4.90@4.95c; October, 5c; De
cember, 5.15c; March, 5.40c; May, 5.45@5.50c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm. Fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined was firm. . . • :
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, June 13. — The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities 'for the week ended
June 12, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year: • • . . .••- - \
Percentages.
Cities^ — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York ..$1,107,403,150 32.0
Chicago 156,132,163 3.4 • ...'.
Boston 128,007,145 .... ! 6.5
Philadelphia ..... 100,296,357 .... 28.8
St. Louis 48,319,233 10.8 ....
Pittsburg 39,344,304 .... '2.0
Baltimore .... • 22,426,428 .... 6.7
San Francisco.... 22,916,446 12.6 ....
Cincinnati 23,320,600 8.2 ...:
Kansas City...... 10,403,193 7.U
Cleveland 15,753,025 8.3
Minneapolis 12,450,023 15.9 ....
New Orleans 10,540,833 6.0 ....
Detroit 9, 603,323 .... 22.0
Louisville 10,549.33!) 22.3 .;..
Indianapolis ll,0;{«,880 31.0 -;..-.-,
Providence ...... 6,326,100' ..:. 1.8
Omaha ...'. 7,707,200 7.2 ....
Milwaukee 6,772,908 10.9
Buffalo ... ,. ' 5,759,066 .... 9.5
St. Paul 5,405,470 ' 8.9 ../.
St. Joseph 4,986,124 .... 8.5
Denver 5,0U(j,078 14.9
Richmond ....... 3,703,4C8 .... 11.7
Savannah 2,708,621 17.8 ....
Salt Lake City... 2,526,689 .... 29. £
Albany ..- 3,257.539
Los Angeles 4,971,394 50.5
Memphis 3,046,124 .... 71
Fort Worth 2,970,976 14 2
Seattle 3,918,241 30.9 .....
Washington 4,007,948 4.7
Hartford 2,648,575 1 «>
Peoria 2,104,174 13 - .5
Toledo 2,697,210 16.4 ...
Portland. Or..... 2,800,826 27.7 ....
Rochester 2,647,862 0.8 ....
Atlanta 2,343,605 30.1
Des Moines. ...... 2,523,012 34.7 ....
New Haven 1,966,746 11.6 ....
Worcester 1,731,025 17.3 ..., ;
Nashville 1.799.5B7 26.3 ....
Springfield, Mass.. 1,704,264 13.3
Norfolk . 1,343,603 2.3
Grand Rapids 1,682,552 38.4 ....
Scranton 1,300,447 5.7 ....
Portland, Me...... 1,431.897 9.2 ....
Sioux City 1,800,488 50.2 ....
Augusta 728,154 .... 5.2
Syracuse 1,239,140 11.7 ....
Dayton, 0 1,530,196 34.6 ....
Tacoma 1,445,640 20.9 ....
Spokane .: 1,670,812 51.1 '....
Topeka 1,100,408 , 29.3
Davenport ....... 763,810 • 2.1- ....
Wilmington, Del.. 1,137,707 ,
Evansville ... 982,690 38.3 ....
Birmingham 1,386,041 57.8 ....
Fall River.. 887,114 .9.5 , ....
Macon ..*. 438,000 21.0
Little Rock : 793,814 52.8
Helena ., 426,339 .... 34.1
Knoxville 724,839 13.6
Lowell 543,962 19.4
Akron : . 762,000 13.3 ....
Wichita 471,449 2.3
Springfield, IIJ.... 528.559 7.3
Lexington 538,500 22.8 »...
New Bedford 535,292 3.2 ....
Chattanooga 537,484 27.2/ ....
Youngstown :.... 608,471 39.8 ....
Kalamazoo ... 508,774 ' 32.6' ....
Fargo 520,728 46.6
Blnghamton 377.300 ..... 1.3
Rockford -. 457,447 18.2
Canton ....-; 436,000 16.2
Jacksonville. Fla. 398.572 -10.8
Springfield. 0 476.505 49.6
Chester 300,622 . 7.4 ....
Quincy . 360,200 ..... .....
Bloomington i 293,151 8.0/ ....
Sioux Falls 265,723 25.5 ....
Jacksonville, 111.. , 194,908 12.1 ....
Fremont 120,974 21.6- ....
•Houston . 9,992,845 34.7 ....
•Galveston 5,584,000 1.4 .....
•Columbus, O.... 8,118,600 2«.O '
Wheeling 802,321 25.2 ...
Wilkesbarre 620,429 . . .-. 1" 4
tBeaumont 350,669 ....
Decatur "; 235,(S8 , ....
Totals, U. S.... §1,865,148,004 :... 23.0
Outside N. Y... 757,685,544 3.0
CANADA. -\
Montreal $23,529,554 32.7 . '.'.
Toronto .19,701,742 -€8.2 . ".
Winnipeg 3,229,375 ,61.2 ....
Halifax 1,769,169 ........
Vancouver, B. C. 1,567.190 38.5 ....
Hamilton ..'998,048 25.0
St. John, N. B... ' 899,50(5 10.9 ....
Victoria, B. C... 123,544 - .... 14.4
Quebec • 1.455,289 8 3
Ottawa 1,890,264 ,
Totals, Canada. $53,674,377 40.7 77TT
•Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings. ¦¦ . ¦
. tNot included In totals because of no com
parison for last year. .
New York Money Market. '..'¦¦,
NEW , YORK, June 13. — Money on call was
steady • at 2%@3 per cent; closing bid and
asked, 2%@3 P«r cent; prime mercantile paper,
4@4% per cent. Sterling exchange, was steady,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%
@4 87% for demand and at, $4 84<g>4 84% for
sixty days; posted rates, $4 85%#4 86 and
$4 S8@>4 88%: commercial bills, $4«£4%@4 85%
Bar sliver, 62c. Mexican dollars, 42c. Bonds
• — Governments, easy; States,, inactive; rail
roads, firm. ¦¦ . ¦ • . i
Condition of the Treasury.
I WASHINGTON, June 13.— To-day's state
jment.of the Treasury balances In the general,
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows : . Avail
able cash balances,' $109,449,280; gold, i $100,-
London Market. ;
' NEW YORK, June 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram s£tys:. ;
The ' idleness '. of the stock market was pro
nounced' to-day and there was little movement
anywhere. Consols closed at 00 15-16, after
having sold at 'J~%. Americans opened lower
. ' --. - - ' ' '¦ ¦¦'•'"'¦••¦ > , . ¦'- ' - : •• -¦'
crate. ¦ • ¦ ¦ . -
' APRICOTS — 40@S5c per box and 75c@$l 25
per crate; In baskets from the river, 60@75c.
APPLES — Green, 30@50c per box and 25®
35c per basket; large boxes, $1@1 25.
PEARS — Madeline, 35@50c\for small boxes:
baskets, 15@35c. ...
PEaCHES — From Vacaville and the river,
75c@$l 25 per box. • •
CHERRIES — White, 25@50c per box; In bulk,
2@3%c; Black, 35® 50c per box and 2@4c in
bulk; cartons from San Jose, 75c; Royal Annes,
50@85c per box and 5@6c in bulk.
FIGS— Black, from Yuma, ?2 per box; from
Palm Springs, per box.
MELONS — Nutmegs, from Yuma, $1@2 per
crate: >
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2@4, ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings, 50c@
2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25®i5; St.
Michaels, $1@2; Valenclas, $2 50@4; Lemons,
$1 25@1 60 for common, $1 75@2 25 for good to
choice and $3®3 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit,
$2 50@3 60; Mexican Limes, $4 50® 5; Bananas.
$1 50@2 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25
@2 fot Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The Eastern markets for fruits continue firm
at the recent: improvement in prices, with a
very fair demand for Prunes for export.
FRUITS — Apricots, »@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated ¦¦> Apples, 10@ll%c; sun dried, ,6@7c;
Peaches, 6%@8%c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums,- pitted,
5®t>%c; unpittec, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%&iic
for red and 5%@6c for white; figs, 3%&4%o
for black and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40s, 6%@6%c; 40-50s, 5@5%c; 50-60s, 4%<3
4%c; 60-70s. 4@4%c;70-S0s, 3%@3%c; 80-uys,
a©3%c; 90- 100s, 2%@2%c per. lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown, 8c; ' 2-crown.
7%c: -Loose -Muscatels. 5%c for 4-crown and
6%c for/ seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers, $1 60 per box.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 11®11%c;
No. 2, 6®7c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No." 2,
7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c
for softshell and 6©7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5ftt7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12®12%c; Pecans. • ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. ...
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for. light amber: water white . extractea. oij^
5%c: light amber extracted, 4©4%c; dark, 4c.
. BEESWAX— 27%@29c Der lb.
Provisions.
. The expected advance in Hams, Bacon. and
Lard is looked for any day now. The demand,
however, continues slow. ~
, ", CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per 'lb for
heavy. 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light,
15%c tor extra light and ! 16@17c for sugar
cured- Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14%c; Cali
fornia Hams; 13%@14: Mess Beef, $10 per bbl:
extra Mess. $10 50@ll : Family, $11 50@12;'
prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear, S23;
Mess, $18 5O@19; Dry Salt Pork, 12»4c; Pig
Pork, $25; . Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef,
Iisy>£j:l4c per pound. . < '.::'•¦ • : •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and 12%c Tor pure; half-barrels,
pure.' 12%c; 10-lb tins, 13%c; 5-lb tina, 13%c;
3-lb tins, - 13%c. . r ,
COTTOLENE — Ono half -barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10% c; one tierce, 10%c; , two
tierces, 10%c; flve tlerce3,.10%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The situation remains as before. Eyerythlng
under this head is in good shape for sellers, and
business is very fair.
I HIDES 'AND ' SKINS — Culls and ' brands sell
about l%c under quotations.,'; Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium.. 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides.
9%e for , heavy and 0c for^ light; Stags, ' 7c;
Salted Kip, Oc; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c;. Culls. 14@15c; Dry
Kip. ll@13c: Dry Calf. 16@18c; : Culls and
Brands. 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, -20®
30c each: short wool. 40®60c each: medium'
C5@75c; long Wool. . S0c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hldes.-^ salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium
$1 50(g2 for small: and- 50c for- Colts- Horse
Hides, dry, $1 76- for large, SI 50 for medium
$1@1 25 for small .and. 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted " Mexi
can, 25c: dry Central; American, 32 %c.' Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth
50c; medium," 35c. •
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c ner lb-
No. 2.'4%@5c; grease, 2V.@3%c. - - - ••¦-
• WOOL — Spring. Humboldt and - Mendocino,
15@17c;" Northern free,; 14@16c; do, defective
i::@14; fiddle County: free. ' 13@15; do. de
fective, 12@13c; Bouthern, : 12 months, 9@10c;
t > Prices of Citrus fruits show no change. -Re
ceipts are light and cut little figure In the mar
ket. The car of Oranges announced for-yester
day's auction did not come to hand.
¦> STRAWBERRIES — $9@12 i, for Longworths
and $4@5 50 for Malindas; crates from Florin,
75c@?l.
RASPBERRIES— $7@9 per chest; crates
from Loomis,- 80c@$l. ' ¦ .
' LOGANBERRIES— $4@6 per chest; crates,
75c@$l.
BLACKBERRIES-^30@50c per drawer; ' in
crates from Loomis, $1@1 25.
GOOSEBERRIES — $2 50® 3 per chest; in
bulk, l@l%c for common and 2@3c for Oregon
Improved; English, 6&7c per lb.
CURRANTS— ?2 25@4 per chest.
CHERRY PLUMS— 25@40c per drawer and
50@75c per box.
PLUMS — Clyman, 75c per box and $1 25 per
Longworth Strawberries were higher under
light receipts, only 44 chests being received.
Offerings of other Berries -were liberal and
prices showed little variation. Currants were
weaker under large supplies" of poor stock, some
of which went to the canners at the bottom
quotation. ' .....
Another crate of Nutmeg Melons came in
from Coachella, Riverside County, and sold for
$10. Nutmegs from Yuma are coming in free
ly and sell slowly.' Figs meet with ready sale
at the quotation. _ .
Receipts of Cherries continued large and the
canners purchased a considerable quantity at
prices within the quoted range. Apricots con
tinued to decline under increasing receipts. Ap
ples, Pears and other orchard fruits sell readlly
when the stock is ripe and well colored, but
most of. the offerings are hard and. green and
meet with slow sale.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Weather Report.
1 120th Meridian— Pacific Time. 1 )
SAN FRANXISCO. June 13, 5 p. m.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 13. — Consols, 00 15-16; silver,
24d; FTench rentes, lOlf 95c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California, 30s 6d; English . country.'mar
kets, quiet.
. .LIVERPOOL, June 13.— Wheat, firm; No 1
Standard California-, 6s 3%d@6 s 4d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, rain
COTTON— Uplands, 5 l-16d.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 13.— WHEAT— Steady; light
doing; blue stem, 65%c; culb, 64%c.'-, ;
Northern Wheat Market.
.'. • PORTLAND, June 13.— WHEAT— Walla
Wallah 66c; valley, 67c. ; T/ - ¦
Cleared — Br ship Specke, for Cape Town, with
152,584 bushels of wheat. , ,
OREGON,
do, 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c; Neva
da, 12(5J_15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do,
medium "and coarse,' 14@15c per lb.
HOPS— li®12 %c for fair and 13@14c per lb
for good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop being
drawn at 13@14c.- ¦.'—.'.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are quoted firm, with light receipts.
Beef and Mutton* are easy, with ample supplies
for the decreased demand usual at thl3 time of
the year.-
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates - from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 5«@6c" per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb^ .
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®S%c; Ewes. 7@8o
per lb. — r
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steers. 8%@9c; Cowa and Heifer*.
7©7%c; tMn Cows. 4&'5c per lb.
CALVES — 5@5%e per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@lc; Ewes. 3%®3%o
per lb (gross weight). * ••
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50®2 75 per
head or 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearllmrs.
:5%@4c per lb.
HOGS— Live^Hogs, 200 lbs and under 6%c
200 lbs and over, 6@6%c; feeders &£«
0%c; sows, 20 per cent, oiT, Doars 50 per cenc
eff and stags 40 per cent off from the above
quotations. '
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 5%@6c;
San Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fluec«
Twine, 7%<SSc • '
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton;. Southflcid
Wellington, $8; Seattle. $« 50: Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $3 50; Greta, «8;
Wallaend, ?S 50; Co-cperative Wallsend, $8 50;
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egjr, -; Welsh "An
thracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, S15
per ton In bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, *8 45 per 2000 lbs and S3 50
per ton. according to brand.
Oil. — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled!
78c; raw, 76c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 63c for
boiled and 66c for raw. In barrels ; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 03-
China- Nut. 57%@68c per gallon; ' pure* Neats
loot, in barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; . Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c-
Cpcoanut Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian. .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH, In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c*
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 16c:
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; In
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; la
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 71c per gallon In cases and
65c in drums and iron barrels
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflninjc Com
pany . quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c-
Beet Granulated (ICO-lb bags only), none*
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3 85c*
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 355c*
barrels, 10c more; half-barrela, 25c more
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for alt
kinds. Dominos — Half -barrels. 4.75c; boxes, Bo f
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent. , , .
Receipts of Produce. V /
FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 13.
Flour, qr sks . . 29,596 1 Hay. tons ..... sot
U'heat, ctls . 1,114 Wool, bales ... 467
Barley, ctls .... 2,550i Feed, sks ..... 15>»
Oats, ctls ..... , 990 Sugar.- ctla .... 2 63»;
Corn, ctls .... 1,175 Leather, rolls .. '41
Beans, ska .... 113 Hides No ... A" 9 "
jRye. ctls 70 Pelts, bdls .... 237
(Potatoes, sks .. 2,617 Lime, bbla .... 3(54
Btraw. tons .... 10 Wine. ' gala .... 68 S5O
Onions, sks .... l,040 r TaIlow. ctla ... '234
feran, sks : 753 Paper, * rms .... 9 COO
Middlings, ska.. 541 1 '
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. 1,230
.PORTLAND, June 13.— Clearings, , $452,666;
balances, $105,199. . ¦- ,: H '.'-. , ... . «. „
• rSPpKANEr- June 13.->-ClearIngs/-. .$228,298;
balances,, $31;448. '."/ ',:> V ¦ • . ¦ ,--;
SEATTLE, June 13.— Clearings, $645,453;
balances, $66,868.
iTACOMA, "June 13.— Clearings, $205,149;
balances, $29,565.
Northern' Business.
Failures for the week numbered 162 In the
United States, against 179 last year, and 20 in
Canada, against 23 a year ago. .
! Tardy deliveries ;of. sample - pieces . by
woolen mills have caused' complaint among the
clothiers, and fall orders are not placed freely.
Wool sells more freely. at leading Eastern.mar
kets and quotations are steady. . No change of
importance has occurred in leather. Hides are
again strong, with Texas steers leading the
market and foreign dry hides do not yield to
lower bids. •
Grain markets have shown . the .effect of con
flicting crop 'estimates and weather reports.
There continues to be a wide; discrepancy be
tween the amount of business. offered and fhe
contracts • closed ! in many branches of the Iron
and steer industry, owing to Inability of pro
ducers to insure delivery at' a ' specific time.
Contracts running well into next; year Indicate
that th« end of activity is not near.;' Pressure
is 'still most conspicuous for. railway -¦ and
structural supplies and agricultural Implement
works are. crowded with orders. - Sales of Bes
semer pig Iron at Pittsburg for delivery next
year were recently made at $16,50, while:im
mediate shipments. command about I $5 more.
Limited stocks are still the cause of steadiness
In all branches of textiles. Holders are » not
urging sales and buyers show a disposition it to
wait. Purchasers of • cotton- goods are > influ
enced by the prospect of cheaper raw material
after the new crop begins to move. ? ... ...;,, . v
> No diminution of business is apparent from
labor controversies owing to the -prosperous
condition of the agricultural sections, and the
bright outlook for this year's report. Retail
distribution of light-weight wearing apparel has
felt the stimulus. of higher temperature. Rail
way earnings in May were 8.7 per cent larger
than last year and 21.7 per cent above those of
1900. . '*, ¦ • "¦ 7 4": X
NEW YORK, June 13.— R. G. Dun's Weekly
Review of Trade -to-morrow will say:
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
The report of Edward A. Beals, section di
rector of the United States Weather Bureau
for the Oregon Crop Bulletin week ended
June 10 is as follows:
'"Light frosts the early, part of the -week
slightly injured tender , vegetation in many
rectiens. but the rtaple crops ese«>ed un
harmed. All kinds of grain contimie very
promising. Fall wheat is heading nieily with
exery indication of making good, plump ker
nele. The reseeded areas have not yet begun
10 head, but there has been plenty of moisture
rnd the plant is healthy and promising. A
tew complaints of rust and of wheat stalks
falling are made by correspondents In Linn
County. Spring grain Is growing rapidly; It is
well rooted and has an excellent color.' Farly
¦*ats, barley and rye are also heading nicely.
•'Considerable alfalfa has been cut during
the week in Southern Oregon and the yields
appear to be about the same as last year.
Range grass in the eastern section is the best
:n years, but in Southern Oregan it is not as
pood and some few reports ere to the effect
that feed en the summer ranges is Mill short.
The weather has been too wet and cold for
timothy, and this croD is not as promising as
it -was a few weeks ago. Clover is doing
splendidly. She»p shearing is nearly completed
and the clip is an average one. It. has been
the best week of the season for gardens, corn,
potatoes, sugar beets and hops, and they are
all making rapid advancement.
"The fruit outlook in Southern and Eastern
Oregon is very promising, but in the Willam
ette Vailed the conditions are so uneven that
it is impossible to arrive at any definite con
clusion as to the probable results, except in the
case of Italian prunes and cherries, both of
<£vfcich have been damaged to such an extent
X^.s to cause the yields t be considerably less
:han last year.
considerable show of strength. The activity
was attributed to the same speculative leader
who had been concerned in all recent important
turns and whose return to Wall street this
week gave immediate rise to a show of awak
ening. Whatever the motives of the buying,
the bull leadership secured, a larger foreign
lollowing to-day than at any time this week,
notwithstanding a number of developments not
immediately encouraging to a • rise in prices.
The preliminary figures of the week's currency
movement, which are usually the center of in
terest in a Friday's market, gave no promise
of a strong bank statement. To-day's crop
news was regarded as Unfavorable, owing to
complaints of too much rain in the Southwest.
Part of the strength of wheat was attributed to
an improved demand for export, but this failed
to develop fully. . The figures of the main ex
rx-rta were decidedly unfavorable from those
of May last year. Last week's exports of wheat
and flour show a continuance of the low aver
age, although the moet notable falling off is in
the corn exports. This does not offer encour
agement to the hope of an early supply of for
eign exchange to facilitate remittances for re
payment of foreign obligations. The advance
of a point or over in the Reading stocks was
an important sympathetic Influence on the late
market, but there was no news to show a pros
pect of an sarly settlement of the strike. The
increase in the demand for stock was Incon
testable, nevertheless. In some cases the move
ment was due to individual causes. Sugar ad
vanced on the oversold condition of the market
for the refined product and was affected also by
the Presidential message to Congress rein
forcing thi: recommendation for Cuban recipro
city. There were a number of very large in
dividual buying orders for Mexican Central ex
ecuted In the early market, but the buying
was not followed up. The drop of 8% points
in General Electric was probably due to reports
of a new combination of electrical manufactur
ing companies, backed by Influential capitalists.
The stock afterward rallied 4 points. Chicago
and Eastern Illinois rose 4% points further on
persistent rumors of an offer for control. The
market closed rather quiet, but steady.
There was a large demand for Wabash de
benture B's at an advance of 2% per cent; the
Burlington joint 4s were also In demand. The
rrarket generally was .firm. Total sales, par
value, $3,690,000. « l
United States 7s declined % per cent on the
last call. ¦ • - .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ' (
Stock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 12,400 Sl% -81 81%
Atchison pfd .. 1,900 99% 99% 99%
Baltimore & Ohio. . 700 106% 105% 106-&
Balto & Ohio pfd .... .... U5
Canadian Pacific... 2,000 135% 135% 135%
Canada Southern 95
Ches & Ohio 700 47% 46%.- 47
Chicago & Alton... 400 37% '37% 37%
Chi & Alton pfd... . 100 70% 76% 76%
Chi Ind & Louis.. 300 75% 75 75
Chi Ind & Louis pf 80
Chi & Eastern III.. 1,900 174% ;170% 174
Chi & Gt Western. 1,800 29% 29% 29%
Chi & Gt W A pfd 89%
Chi & Gt W B pfd 47%
Chi &.Northwesln._ 1,200^ 253%«_250Vi -•¦
Chi R I & Pac 1.100 172% 171 172%
Chi Term & Tran. 2,400 21% 21% 21%
Chi Term & Tr pfd- 1,200 39% 39%" 39%
C C C & St Louis. ...» .... 105
Colorado Southern. 1,100- 31% 31% 31%
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 71 71 70%
Colo South 2d pfd. 1,000 43% 43% 43%
Delaware & Hudsn 800 170 175 175 V.
Del Lack & West 280
Denver & R G 300- 42% 42% 42%
Denver & R G pfd. 1,200 92 91% 91%
Erie 5,200 37% 37% 37%
Erie 1st pfd 1,000 68% 08% CS%
Erie 2d pfd 100 62% -52% 52%
Gt Northern pfd... 200 185% 185% 185%
Hocking Valley 400 85% 85 85%
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 92% 92 02%
Illinois Central 1,500 152% 151% 152%
Iowa Central 2,600 48% 46% 47%
Iowa Central pfd... 500 85% 85 85%
K C Southern 1,600 34% 34% 34%
K C Southern rfd.. 1,200 C2 61% 61%-
Lake Erie & West. 65%
L E & West pfd ¦ . "" J25 ¦
Louis & Nash 2,400 138% 137% 137%
Manhattan- Elevat. . 2,200 131% 130% 131 V.
Met Street Ry..... 900 150% 150%- 150V.
Mexican" Central... 23,900 28 26% 25%
Mexican National.. -1,600 19% 19 18%
Minn & St Louis.. 1,600 113% 111% 112%
Missouri : Pacific... 34,500 104% 102% 104%
Mo Kan & Texas.. 800 26% 26% 26%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 1,500 5S% 58 58%
New Jersey Central * 100 188 188 * 18S
New York Central. 700 155%- 1S5% 155%
Norfolk & Western 1.600 " 57 . 56%' 57
Norf & West pfd.. .. ijq
Ontario & Western.' 2,300 33% 32% 33%
Pennsylvania «C0 150% 149% 150%
Reading 49,700 65% < 63% 65
Reading 1st pfd 2,400 84% 84% 84V.
Reading 2d pfd... 6,300 70 68% (59%
St L & San Fran ' qZ£
I St L & S F 1st pfd " ga
St L & S F 2(1 pfd. 500 73% 73 737'
St Louis SW 100 28% 28% 28%
bt Louis SW pfd.. 1,500 G2% 61% 02%
St Paul 27,900 172% 170% 172%
|t faul Pfd. 800 191% 191$ >0
Southern Pacific... 5,700 65% 04% C51L
Southern Railway.. 1/300 37% 36Xt- 37i£
South Railway pfd. 94% 94% ' 94%
Texas & Pacific 400 42 41% 42
Tol St L & W 100-21% 21% 21
Tol St L& W pfd.. 100 38 38 37%
Union Pacific 6,600 105% 104% 105%
Union Pacific Dfd.. 873/
Wabash 12,800 27% 27" 27%
Wabash pfd 800 45% 44% 45
Wheel & L Erie... 100 22% 22M 22
W & L E 2d pfd.. »00 35% 35% 35%
Wisconsin Central. 700 27% 27V, 27">i
Wis Central pfd... 400 50 49% 49%
Express Companies —
Adams ............ ..... .... .... 197
American .... '.".'.'. 2 9 2
United States \\\ 1J4
Wells Fargo " «j00
Miscellaneous — .
Amalgmatd Copper 2,400 69 C8% C8%
Am Car & Foundry 8,300 32% 32 31%
Am Car & F pfd.. 100 00% 90% 90$
Am Linseed Oil 300 . i26 25 3 i 26
Am Lin Oil pfd.. .... 52
Am Locomotive ,500 #33% . hl% 33%
Am Locomotive pfd 100 . 93% 9334 9^14
Am Smelt & Ref.. 300 48% " 4S% 48%
Am Smelt & R pfd 800 99% 99% 99%
Anaconda Min Co. 113 3 i
Brooklyn Rap Tran 2,200 07% CC% C7
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2,200 98% 97K ' 98U
Consolidated Gas.. 300 221% 221 221
Cont Tobp.cco pfd.. 100 124% 124% 124
General Electric... 700 317 311 316
Hockine Coal • . . . . 16i,i
International Paper ''.... • .... 21 '"
Internatl Paper pfd ' 1001^ 75 75 74V.
Internationl Power 75."
Laclede Gas - . gg
National Biscuit. .. 100 4S% '48% 48W
National Lead 600 22% 22%- 22V.
North American • . 120 "
Pacific Coast .. 65
Pacific Mall COO 41% 40% 40
People's Gas 100 102% 102% 102
Pressed Steel Car.. 800 47% 47 47%
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 87 87 86%
Pullman Pal Car .... 0^2
Republic. Steel...... 1.000 18 17% is
Republic Steel pfd. 1,000 75% 75 75W
Sugar. .23,200 129% 127% 128(4
Tenn Coal & Iron. l,?0O 64 63% (5414
Union Bax & P Co. 700 16 15% 1511
U Bag r-fd. ex div .... gO%
U 5? Leather 13^
U S Lth pfd.ex dlv. . 100 81% 84% 83%
US Rubber.... ... '. i iV
U S Rubber pfd..; 5.5
U S Stae! 9.S00 3»% 38% ' 39U:
U S Steel ofd 2.700 80% as% 891$
W.eetern Union 100 02% 92% 91%
Total sale* ..331,100 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg. ..107%lL & N unlf 4s. . .103,
Do ref 2s coup. 108% Mexican Cen 4s... 84'4
Do 3s reg 107 Do let inc .33
Do 3s coup 107 Minn & St L-4»..1O5
Do new 4b reg. 135% M K & Texas 4s. 99%
Do new 4s cou|».135% Do 2ds 84
Do old 4s res ..109% N Y Cen lsts. ..104*:
Do old 4s coup. 110% Do gen 3%g...lO8#
Do 5s rear 105 N J Cen gen 5s.. 139%
Do 5s coup 105 Northern Pac 4s.. 105
Atchison gen 4s.. 10.1% I Do 3s ......... 74
Do adjuet 4s 93%jNorf & W con 4s.l0lTi
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% I Reading gen 4s..l00 - «
Do 3%s 96% StL & I M con 5S.117-
Do conv 4s -.•... 106 St L & S F 4s.... 100 :
Can South 2ds ...IO914 St L S W lsts.'.. 99%
Central of Ga 5e . . 109 Do 2ds ........ 88 Vx
' EGGS — Ranch. 20q, with occasionally 21c for
fancy and 17%@19c for fair to good; store,
16%@17%c per dozen; Eastern, 18@19c for
firsts and 17@17%c for seconds. . , ¦ '
CHEESE — New, 9@10c; old. nominal; Young
America, 10@10%c: Eastern, 13@15c per, pound.
BUTTER^-Creamery,-21@21%c per pound, for
fancy, 20%c for firsts and 20c for seconds;
dairy, 17@20%c; store Butter,. 14@16c per
pound.
¦ Eastern Eggs are coming in with more j fre
quency and are being taken by .many buyers
In preference to the lower . grade i California
product, with , which they are now competing^
This has a tendency to weaken store Eggs. -
were 37,500 pounds, 73 cubes and 4
kegs of Butter,- 1339 cases of Eggs, cases
of Eastern . Eggs, 9400 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds of Oregon rCheese. ¦ : _ ¦
i Prices ,for. all three- descriptions under this
head remain unchanged. Both Butter' and Eggs
are more or less weak, supplies being large, and
the tendency is to sell. Stocks of Cheese con
tinue ample for all current needs. '..> -' "-" '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
i New Potatoes were easier as recepits were
large ' and • the off erines were chiefly j of poor
quality- Strictly fancy 'stock would have
brought 2c readily had there been any obtain
able. Garnet Chiles are coming in freely from
the Mission and meet with steady Inquiry at
the quotations. Old Potatoes are unchanged.
Onions showed little change, offerings being
sufficient for all requirements. :
Choice offerings of Green Corn and Aspar
agus sold well at full prices, but as usual'
there was a lot of poor stock received which
was hard to sell. The canners bought some
fancy Asparagus at ?2 per box. Tomatoes de
clined • again under heavy receipts. _ Another
car came in from Mississippi. Other vegetables
were offering freely and prices , had . a down
ward'tendency. The canners .secured some
String Beans at lc per lb. A box of choice
ripe Tomatoes came in from Winters and sold
for $2. .
POTATOES — New Potatoes. 90c@$l 10 for
the ' Early .Rose and ?1@1 75 . for Burbanks;
Garnet , Chiles, $1 10@l 20; old ,Burbank3, 85c
.©$125; Sweets, ?2 50 for Merced. .
ONIONS— Australian, , ?2@2 25, second
hands; Silverskins, $1 25; new red, 50@60c per
sack. -. , . . - . ¦ .... - •-¦ •-
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, from Vacaville,
10({J20e per dozen;, from Brentwood, 20@2oc;
Asparagus. 75c@$2 25 per box; Rhubarb, 5O@75c
per box: extra fancy, ?1@1 25; Green Peas $1 25
@$2 25 per sack; String Beans, 1%@2%c per lb
and 2%@3c for Wax; Refugee Beans, 3@4c per
lb; Cabbage, 90c@*l per ctl; Los Angeles To
matoes, $1 25@1 75 per box or crate; Missis
sippi Tomatoes, $1 50@l 75 per crate; Dried
Peppers, -10@llc per. lb; Los Angeles do, 13@
17 %c; Carrots, $1 per sack; Cucumbers from
Marysville, 75c@$l per box; from Arizona." $1
per box; Bay, $2 25@2 50 per large box;
Hothouse do, 25@50c per dozen; Gar
lic. 2@3%c for new; Los Angeles Green Peppers,'
10@12%c; Stockton do, ; Mexican do, 10@
15c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 8@l'0c; Sum
mer Spuash, 60<&>75c for small boxes and $1 30@>
$1 75 for large; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per
ton; Hubbard Squash/ $15@20.
; Poultry and Game.
Poultry was weaker as the demand was very,
light and. supplies of all' descriptions were
large.' Hens, Roosters and small chickens were
quoted lower and sold slowly at. the decline.
Hare and Rabbits .'were unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers • and 14@15c for Hens ; Geese, per pair,
$125;. Goslings, $125@150; Ducks, $3 50@4 for
old and $4 50@& for young; Hens, $4@5 50;
young Roosters, $6@7 50; old Roosters, $4@5;
.Fryers. $4@5 50; Broilers. $3@4 for large and
$2@2 50 \for small; Pigeons, $175 per . dozen
for old and $1 60@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails and- $1' for Brush. .
;ST.; JOSEPH. Mo., June 13.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts,' 825; steady. Natives, $5 15@7 60; cowb
and heifers, -$1.50@0: veals, $3 50@5 50; stock
ers and feeders,- $2 25@5 25.' •.•
HOGS — Receipts, 5500; steody. . Light and
light '.mixed, ¦ $7 20@7 50; medium and heavy,
$7 25@7 65; pigs, $4@6 50. ' ¦ ¦_,
SHEEP— Receipts, 800; steady. '
ST.. JOSEPH.
43%ifl4V>c; >No. '¦¦¦ 2- white. 47@47V v c; No. 3
white, 46M? 17%: No. 2rye," 59@C0c; fair to
oholoc majting, «3@70c ; No. 1 flax : seed, $1 56;
No." 1 Northwestern, $1,76; mess pork, per bar
rel, $17r70@17 72%; Jard, /¦ per 100 -pounds,
$10 27%; short 1 ribs sides' (loose'*. $10 42Vs®
10 52%;-dry salted shoulders ifcoxeU), 8%@8%c;
short clear sides (boxed),; $10 75;. whisky,' basis
of high wlnffg.;$l 30. ; .- : : , -.--
Articles— ; , - Receipts. . Shipments.
Flour-- barrels' .....*•...'.' 12,000 , 10,000
Wh«at, bushels , . . ....... 22,000 14,000
Corn." bushels '.'.231,000 82,000
Oats bushel's .'.... 114, COO 250, 0CO
Rye,' bushels ........... 4,000
Barley, , buihelB ;......... 7,000 1,000
' On the -Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy. Creameries, 18@2lc; Dairies.
17%@19c. I Cheese, steady. 10@10%c. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 15@15%c. '
Foreign Futures.
; ;'. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening v ..........5 10% 0 1%
Closing ....•.- 5 10% 0 1%
,;> • . paris. -
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec
Opening.;...... 22 95 20 1)5
Closing.... .....22 85 . 20 90
' Flour — : ¦•' >
Opening 28 70 27 55
Closing ¦¦..... ..:.... 28 60 . 27 45
Eastern, Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, June 13.— CATTLE — Receipts,
2500, Including 250, Texans. ' Market Blow,
steady. Good to prime steers, $7 30@7 90, nom-'
inal;poor to medium, $5<@7 25 ; : stockers and
¦feeders, $2 50@5 25;. cows, $1 40@5 75; heifers,
$2 25@6 50; canners,- $1 40@2 40; bulls, $2 25
@5 60; calves,: $2 50@6 50; Texas • fed steers,
$5@6 70. •'¦ ¦(' '-.. . i-:'i: 4 } . '.: ¦ • .• ' ' '• \. - - '
HOGS— Receipts: .To-day, 28,000; to-mor*
row, 19;000; left over, 4500. Market for good
strong to 5c higher.. Mixed and butchers,
$7 15@7 60; good to choice heavy, $7 50@7 65 ;
rough, heavy, $7 20@7 45; light, $7@7 30; bulk
of sales, ' $7 20@7- B0. -¦•::•"•¦• - : ;'
¦ SHEEP — Receipts, 6000.; sheep, heavy, lower;
lambs, spring, 10@15c higher. Good to choice
wethers,' $5@5 50; fair to choice mixed, $4@5;
Western > sheep, ?5@5 CO; native lambs, $5@
6 75; Western lambs, $5 50®6 75; spring lambs,
?7 ,40.., ,':¦.), .., ' .- ; " ¦'-.:.;¦ 'i . :*; .
Silver lower. Sterling Exchange higher.
Wheat dull and easy. Barley higher and more active.
Oats and Rye lower and dull. Corn held up, but quiet.
Bran and Middlings firm and Hay still weak.
Beans inactive, but zuith a steady undertone.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still in liberal supply.
Dried Fruits very steady in the East.
Provisions expected to go up any day.
Hops, Hides, Tallow and Wool firm.
Hogs firm, with light arrivals. Beef and Mutton easy.
Xezc Potatoes weaker.
Another car of Tomatoes from Mississippi.
Poultry declining under -larger supplies.
Cherries and Apricots xveak and coming in freely.
Citrus Fruits in light receipt and firm.
Local stocks and bonds still dull. «' ¦ .'$\ .'•."'
Do 1st Inc .... 82 San A & A P 4s. 90%
Phfs & Ohlo.4%s.lOS% Southern Pac 4&.. 92%
U » & . Alton 3%s..85»6 Southern Ry 5s.. 123%
J; t** ° new 4s - 9(! -* Texas & Pac lsts. 119
C M&StP gen 48.1151/t Tol St L & W 4s.' 82%
t. & N W con 7s.. 139% Union, Pacific 4s. 105%
J^^oo & Pac 4a --H2 Do conv , -4s.'.. .107%
CCC&st L gen 4s.lO2% Wabash lsts ....119%
Chi Term 4s .... 90 Do 2ds . . . ..'..111%
Colo & South 4s.. 95-Si Do deb B .... 77%
Denver & R G 4s. 104 West Shore 4s... 115%
Erie prior lien 4s.l01% W & L Erie 4 8 . 95%
t*P?tt S a ea 4s 88^* Wisconsin Cen 4s. 94 \
Ft W &.D.C lsts.HH% Con Tob 4s ...... 67%
Hocking Val 4%s. 110%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief . r2
Alice-... 40 Ontario ... ....7 25
Breece ... ..... 50 jOphir ... ......115
Brunswick Con . 09 iphoenix ....... 06
Comstock Tun.L. 05>>'potosl ......... 24
Con Cal & Va...l 30 " Pavage ... ..... 10 -
Dead wood Terra. 1 00 Sierra Nevada .. 12
Horn Silver ....125 Bmall Hopes .... 40
Iron Silver . 75 Standard ... ....3 15'
Leadville Con ... 05 .-. •'¦¦-¦
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— United Fruit 109%
Call Loans ,,.2%@4% Westing Com ;..107
Time loans ...4 @5 Mining-
Bonds— • Daly's West 45%
Atchison 4s v .102Vi Adventure ....... 23%
Gas lsts 04% Allouez .......... 2%
Mex Cent 4s 82 Amal Copper .... 68%
N E Gas &'Coke. 56 United Copper ..32%
Railroads — Blngham ........ 34%
Atchison 81% Calumet & Hecla.590
Do prefd 99% Centennial .;..... 19
Boston & Albany. 259% Copper Range .. 57%
Boston & Malne.200 Dom Coal 139
Boston Elev 165 Franklin 11 M
N Y.'N H & H..232 Isle Royale ..... 12
Fitchburg prefd. .144% Mohawk 42%
Union Pacific ..; 105% Old Dom ' 22%
Mex Central .... 27% Osceola 61%
Miscellaneous — Parrot 28%
Amer Sugar 129 Quincy ..130
Do prefd 119 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel.175% Tamarack 180
Dom Iron & Steel 53 Trimountain 95
Gen Elect 315 Trinity .......... 12%
.Mass Electric .. 43 y t United States ... 20%
Do prefd : 98% Utah 22
-U S Steel ........ 38% Victoria 4-
Do prefd .. 89 Winona 3%
Wolverine .;..... 55%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money N Y Central . . . .159%
• 96 13-16 Nor & West 27%
Consols for account Do prefd 02
06 15-16 Ont & West ..... 33%
Anaconda 1 5% Pennsylvania .'... 76%
Atchison 8356 Reading- 32%
Do prefd ......102 Do 1st prefd... 43 1
Bal & Ohio . 108% Do 2d prefd.... 85
Can Pacific 138% So Railway . 37%
Ches & Ohio..... 47% Do prefd 97
Chi G West ..... 30 So Pacific ....»;. 66%
Chi, M & St P. .175 Union Pacific ...107%
Den & Rio G 42% Do prefd 90%
Do prefd 94% US Steel ...... 39%
Erie •.... 37% Do prefd ...... 91%
Do 1st prefd... 70 , Wabash 27%
Do 2d prefd 64 Do prefd ...... 46
111 Central 155% Spanish 4s- ...... 80W
Louis & Nash 140% Rand .12%
Mo. K & Tex... 27% De Beers 42%
Do prefd 59%
Bar sliver — Steady, 24d per ounce. " . ¦
Money — 2%@2% per cent..
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills is 2% per cent.
• Business failures for the week in the United
States number 165, as against 153 last week
and 188 In this week last yfar. . For Canada,
12 for the week, against 17 a year ago.
Wheat exports, July 1, 1901, to date, fifty
weeks, aggregate ; 241,425,449 bushels, j against
204,248,472 bushels last season. • -'•'•'
'Labor troubles at the beginning of June re
duced the pig Iron output, but the outlook for
the month as a whole is j for a heavy produc
tion, despite the curtailment due to the strike.
Implement manufacturers' have been, free j bid
ders for pig iron ; this,, week for delivery in
the first and second quarters ' of next year and
some large contracts ¦ f or. : structural; material,
bridge work and tunnel construction have been
placed. Imports of pig' iron and steel are
Increasing. Activity is less noticeable in tin
plates sheets . and wire, . and there is . a per
ceptible quieting down , reported in some lines
of hardware. ' The Inquiry for raw : wool is
rather better and. stocks of the old clip are
closely curtailed.'," .'-¦¦¦'¦
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 3,400,314 bushels, against 4,000,055
bushels last week and 4,791407 bushels in this
week last year. • ; V' < '•'
j NEW YORK,; ; June 13. — Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: .Labor troubles cloud the im
mediate outlook,' but good crop prospects fairly
well assure future trade. .' The effects of the
anthracite, coal strike are no longer localized.
It affects distributive trade * in a wide, area
and' higher prices- for fuel reduced manu
lactures throughout the East. - Confidence in.
fall trade seemBsto be growing notably, in
manufactured goods is certainly Improving. ¦
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO: CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 1 4, 1902.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
11
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITION'S.
Holllsfr — Bartlftt pears doing well, except
ing one or two orchards.
Merced — Apricots and-, cherries coming in
.Jreely.
Palermo — P*>ach thinning about completed.
Prospect" good for large crons.
Rlvemd* — Dripping rog. Present weather
Increases black «cale.
Banta Maria — Cooling off. Weather condi
tion good for all crops generally.
Ventura — Apricots ripening slowly. Crop
looks well.
Cloverdale — Corn growing nicely. No srass
hojjpens in thie section.
Lfvermore — Fruit crop generally, will' be
heavier.
Napa— Hay about all harvested; go^d crop.
Grain doing well.
£an Jose — Fruit crcp doing finely; coming oa
faster. Grain ripening fast.
Colupa — Grain crop continues to do well.
Fruit ripening rapidly and in good condition.
Porterville — First car this year's wheat ship
r»«d to-day to Stockton. Harvesting com
mence*.. ¦ .
¦Willows — Fruit maturine rapidly. * Condi
tions rood for all crow*.
Newman — Weather condiUoriF unchanged.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
in • response' to' New- York. . . The close 'was gen
erally steady, j the \ absence of failures causing
a restoration of confidence. ...:..-;-/; : . '•
I Gold to the amount of £5000 has gone out.tc
South America.' / • • ¦" .¦ '.¦¦¦-'" • ¦
¦ Silver weakened to'2-td per ounce. New York
being a more willing seller. •., '!• - ..
10;
)XS.
c c
? ?
5
c
£_
c
cT
p
2 ' t3 ¦ <
on irrt
Clear ..
...80 f<7 .
M
Clear
. 5C 52 .
...84 58 .
...72 41 .
Clear N IS
Clear W 8
Clear W'
nd
n
..".88 64 .
. . .74 .50 .
.(K
Clear W 24
Clear S
...74 50 .
...90 54 .
...80 50 .
Clear SW 8
Clear SW . .
Clear SW . .
¦.02 M I
Clear
VJ RT i
Clear
Clear
Clear s'e" 6
,<X
...76 54 ¦'.
. . AS CO .>
.oo
Clear k" ' 12
Clear IV 6
.oo
Clear W 2t
. . .72 47 .
po'.72 C2 '.•
Clear \v" H
.<«¦.
Clear Nff . .
...SO 42 .
. . .n\j *x .'
ciear ....
...74 49 .i
r»
Clear
Clear SE
ETATJ
=3 33 aS
9 c • *
: n i
r i
; a
Clear .00
60 48 N ' :
Pt Cldv .00
i-i v_iay .uu
70 52 W :
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .<KJ
i>») O^ JN <
«_iear .w>
J>4 58 W
Clear .00
....29
80 44 SW
Clear .00
d...29.
:e 23.
'.C2
>.5«
76 58 r <
*0 €4 W* . i
Clear .22
Clear . .00
Ti. n« CTTT • ,
s. ."J.
74 56 ¦ SW i
Clear .00
...23
'.52 :
102 72 ,1W I
Clear .00
20
on
«». 48
Pt Cldy .00
M CO -SE I
Clear .00
29
>.98
Pt Cldy .00
..29
76 54 E t
Clear .00
2U,
1.48
SO C2 SW
Clear .00
«n *ui tx»
SCO. 29.
Clear .00
¦po.29.
72 52
Clear .00
itfl «n cnr
ego. .
.».Z9
I.K2
G« 60 SW
Clear .00
...29.
...I'O.
....29
1.94
i.7S
1.94
CS 48 SW
72 46 • N
58 4S W
Clear .00
Cloudy T.
Pt Cldy .00
la. .23
a .29
...23
>.8O
1.70
i.52 :
72 C2 S
Tt! 58 N
104 68 SW
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
10;
)XS.
c c
? ?
5
c
£_
c
cT
p
2 ' t3 ¦ <
on irrt
Clear ..
...80 f<7 .
M
Clear
. 5C 52 .
...84 58 .
...72 41 .
Clear N IS
Clear W 8
Clear W'
nd
n
..".88 64 .
. . .74 .50 .
.(K
Clear W 24
Clear S
...74 50 .
...90 54 .
...80 50 .
Clear SW 8
Clear SW . .
Clear SW . .
¦.02 M I
Clear
VJ RT i
Clear
Clear
Clear s'e" 6
,<X
...76 54 ¦'.
. . AS CO .>
.oo
Clear k" ' 12
Clear IV 6
.oo
Clear W 2t
. . .72 47 .
po'.72 C2 '.•
Clear \v" H
.<«¦.
Clear Nff . .
...SO 42 .
. . .n\j *x .'
ciear ....
...74 49 .i
r»
Clear
Clear SE
ETATJ
=3 33 aS
9 c • *
: n i
r i
; a
Clear .00
60 48 N ' :
Pt Cldv .00
i-i v_iay .uu
70 52 W :
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .<KJ
i>») O^ JN <
«_iear .w>
J>4 58 W
Clear .00
....29
80 44 SW
Clear .00
d...29.
:e 23.
'.C2
>.5«
76 58 r <
*0 €4 W* . i
Clear .22
Clear . .00
Ti. n« CTTT • ,
s. ."J.
74 56 ¦ SW i
Clear .00
...23
'.52 :
102 72 ,1W I
Clear .00
20
on
«». 48
Pt Cldy .00
M CO -SE I
Clear .00
29
>.98
Pt Cldy .00
..29
76 54 E t
Clear .00
2U,
1.48
SO C2 SW
Clear .00
«n *ui tx»
SCO. 29.
Clear .00
¦po.29.
72 52
Clear .00
itfl «n cnr
ego. .
.».Z9
I.K2
G« 60 SW
Clear .00
...29.
...I'O.
....29
1.94
i.7S
1.94
CS 48 SW
72 46 • N
58 4S W
Clear .00
Cloudy T.
Pt Cldy .00
la. .23
a .29
...23
>.8O
1.70
i.52 :
72 C2 S
Tt! 58 N
104 68 SW
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
nllvl llrii iJI^IjJLD
5^ OCCIDENTAL
HORSE 'EXCHANGE..
Bunker Hill Day Sale.
On TUESDAY. 17. I will sell from th»
PIERCE' S Yerba Bu«?na • Stock Farm a con-
signment of DRAFT . HORSES weighing from
1400 to 1600, alt purpose and standard trotters,
aroo.d mares and their foals: and from their
3ANTA ROSA STOCK FARM, standard anrl
•egistered trotters, including fine matched
earns, sired. by Sidney Dillon (sire of Dolly
Olllon, 2:07). On Stanley 2: 17 ',4. Frara 2:U'4.
Diablo 2:0»ii, Bay Rose 2:20%. Director 2:17.
Electioneer,. General-. Benton. etc. .Send for
catalogues. .
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock AucUoneer.
fev AUCTION SALE— 40 HEAD
3entle broke • work and driving horses, con-
signed by A. F Rooker, Stockton.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
MONDAY. JUNE 16. IX A. M. •THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ JTJl^E 14, 1902.
12
nrsi\r»« rn*\cir,s— confiniK"*. .
A — WE buy. sell or exchange all kinds ot busi-
ness. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third st. •/
A— $.100; SALOON: good trade; full value; 3
rooms; rent $15. STRAND & CO., 7S Third.
A — $125; BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
rent $10; :{ rooms. STRAND & CO., 78 Third.
A — $275; CIGAR- store; Al location; receipts
_about £10 day._ STRAND & CO.. 78 Third st.
A— $IT.O; GROCERY and bar; full value; re-
ceipts $20 day; 2 rooms; rent $20. STRAND.
7S Third st.
$?O00— HEALTH resort boarding-house in hills..
Placer Oo. ; 22 acres; timber, house and. tents
frn&hd.; spring; well: 100 bearing fruit trees;
.Ftables. 2 horses, wagon.' ccw. calf. 357, Call.
FOR sale; reasonable; patent of a flrst-clas3
linimer.t. with stock on hand. Call or ad-
| _' 3rers MRS. 'A.. 4 *5A T^lrd St.. S. F.
A — $750 — CANDY and fee cream p%rlor. Room
3C9. 027 Market St.. .bet. 12 and 1 o'clock. •
$300— RESTAURANT worth $600: must sell at
once. Address box 1001. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale at 666 Fourth st.
FOR SALE — Established 30 years; bakery; on
account of death. Apply Call office.
UOLTh in Western Addition: building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CALL. WE CAN SUIT "YOU.
. 30 rooms; first-class; north of Market: .$2400
2'J rooms; clear SS60. 200
18 100ms: just listed ." <i50
J - rooms: snap 450
SO rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clear3 $100.... 1300
100 rooms: clears $600. 0500
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
!KKi Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
SNAPS". . SNAPS. SNAPS.
$800 — Lodging-house of 33 rooms in San Jose;
rent $40; netting $70 above expenses.
! $3500— Elegantly furnished lodging-house in |
: heart of San Jose, 60 rooms; rent $125;
paying $350 per month.
$2500— A 44-room rooming-house in. San Jose;
! close in; rent $125; nets $250; sickness,
! must cell. .
WELLS & SAUNDERS, C30 Market St., S. F.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 120C Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts cf the city.
II rooms: good location; Al furnished. . .$S.">0
20 rooms : sunny; g.-od renter .*.. 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
1 1 rooms ; downtown ; good - 700
J8 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at H; per cent per month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market St., upstairs, /near Call Building.
A — big — free — list — at — my — office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
100 ROOMS'; country transient; low rent. $6500
300' rooms; corner house; for men ,5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location.. 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain fiOO
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
• Hotels, roadhouses. flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st. — (Inc.). . -Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable de%lers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances ; and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Lean money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and S Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can 1
6uit you: have bargains in hotels, lodging- j
houses?, flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts
of city. Money loaned, 1% per cent. j
BARGAINS and many choice InveFtmetit? in
; flrst-class lodging and boarding houses at all
tlrr.es; bora fide buyers are welcome to In-
; rpection: kindly call at office. •'.¦-' --— , -, r .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
»17 Market et.. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. j
I A — KREDO & CO .Connoisseurs' sale
I K rooms: name your own price.
12 rooms; Powell: clears $60 a month.
15 rooms; transient; on acct. of death; cheap.
16 rooms; Van Ness; make offer.
Many other bargains. \14 Floo** bldg.
BUY yovr houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
JC rooms; clears $40 $500
11 rooms; clears $30. $.;50
8 rooms:; clears $30 $300
And other bargains. S42 Howard et..
, SNAP— $2600, 30-room house, rent $65; $1500,
37-room house, fent-$5%~good furniture, first-
class location. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.,
7C5 Market st. • ,
A— $K00; LODGING-HOUSE^ 20 rooms. 30
beds: rent S2O: best location on water front.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26'^ Kearny st.
9-ROOM house: all light; all rented; neatly fur-
nished; must be sold; case of sickness. 266
Minna st. ; cail between Land 3 p. m.
SPIRITUALISM.
Bll6^KWAYTT^2^1lTs^r.".""neltr~F7ankiinT
. 'materializing seance; Sun., Tues. and Friday
nights, 50c; psychic seance Mon. and Wed.
nights. 25c; readings daily; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium. life reader: sir. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 11H4 O'Farrell st.. nr. Gough: Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAND — Test seance to-night. 10c;
prophetic readings: ladies 50c. 132 Sixth.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance, test medium readings
5Cc.. $1. 316 Third St.. clr. Tues., Fri.; 25c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th, nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.; 25c: readings daily.
EDWARD EARLE; 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFT PAUL i DESTINE.
THE ! FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of bu-
rr.an destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affair? of life. His information and advice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love . antl
family affairs, business trausactlons. mining,
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful in business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; ionsr stand-
ing and chronic disease that has baffled th*
physician's Ekill cured without medicine;
. there is no home bo sad and dreary, no
heart > so forsaken and lonely, no life so
hard and blighted that cannot be set right
and kept right, after a visit to this inspired
man of modern.iimes; no matter what trouble
you may have, call and ne will help you.
"Palmistry Taught. ITediumlEtic Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you from $10 to- $25 per day. Fee
within' reach ofvall; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
32C ..... O'FARRELL STREET^ 326
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~~ ~
.THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium permanently
located at. 17 Third St.. next Examiner • bldg.
Khe reads your life correctly, gives an' accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture, ir you are in trouble, discontented un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic
love or business troubles., consult this great me-'
dium and you will be told how t6 overcome
them. Valuable advice iff all affairs of life: 25j
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4"iC9.-
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and j
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St., 1
cor. Turk; private readings daily.' 10 a. m. to
•5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered. $1; full life
f5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
REMOVED— Palmero. clairvoyant' and palmist
has changed his location to 305 Jones st,, bet!
Eddy and Ellis; Palmero, recognized leader of
all clairvoyants and palmists, will give -free
test to ladies from 10 a. m. to 12 m. ; hrs. 9
to 5 daily; eve's., 7 to 8; Sundays. 2 to 5 p.m.
A— 25c— SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy arid speedy marriages; 10 to 8 daily
, 1(10 Mission st.; near Sixth. ; . :
13IE..PORTER. wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second - sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles50e
gents$l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date. , J.
MYERS, postoffice- box - 2224, . San Francisco.
MRS. DR, F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium,- permanently located at 1206 Market
Et.. cor. Golden Gate ave..- .' rooms 25 . and 28.
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor St.. clairvoyantT
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names: 50c-$l; 10 a.m.to 8 p.m.
MISS ZEMDAR." young gifted ciair. and palm.;
she has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names given; Li- 50c;- G. $1;, 217 Eddy St.- -
MME. RAVKNNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: '25c. up. -.. 6 Fourth st;
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant ' and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful, medium; truth or
¦ ,no pay; full life readings 50c. 221 Fifth st.- ¦
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately ; L. 25c ; G. 50c. 521 Edda
MME. MARCEAU. clairvoyant and card reader "
V 2^c. Moved to 1C51 Mission. - ; ..-,-. '
Mrs Reynolds, the noted life reader,* gives full
life readings for $1. 1-008'^; Market' op.-, 6th: '
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladl-s i
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.-J
¦ HELP. AyAKTED~^E^Bii.
MURRAIY & READyTT^ ..... : . 634-636 Clay st
. . . ; ...;'.... ;' . .Phone "Main 5848. .. ... . . ... . .
..Leading Employment -and. Labor' Agents.,
........... .'.Oiflce open T ia. m. ............
.". ..NEW RAILROAD WORK. . .".
......... ..-. Free, to :utah '....'..
.Boss here— Special railroad work,- come see —
.:.¦''. ".".¦.:... : ... ... Boss here .. ' ¦¦'• • .*.'•
: FREE FARE TO UTAH STATE — FREE
....... .V . .... . . . . FARE ... .'.' ".". . . :. . .
.::.;. ..2. ......Also Ship to......
Salt r .Lake . division, ¦ Moleen, - Rokeby, Iror
Point, Battle Mountain, Pallisade, Fenelon,
Wells, Carlin, Vista.iReno, Wadswprth, Elko,
, :T. '...'.. Wanted for the above : places. •.. ._.:.
750 teamsters. $2 25 day;. 1500 laborers, $S
: t and $2 25; 150'car dumpers, $2 20 day; 30C
¦ concrete men, drillers and : rockmen ; , ecrapei
holders .'.'.; 7'. . :. . .'. . . .; . . . . . .;.;:;'.-. .;. .„•....
........... SHIP DAILY FREE ...;.......
;....'. Santa Fe Co.'s works. ...........
150 laborers for section, steel ballast and ex-
tra gangs, Santa Fe Co.'s own work
•••••- • • - ••.. ... ARIZONA ...:. . . . . ..... . .
lo railroad teamsters, ?2 day; camp black-
smith x :. ......... .......:....;... ...
••/•¦• ...;.... SHIP MORN* AND NIGHT
R. R. WORK. ... ...............:
• '•*•••' *.."..:........ FREE FARC
; ' . CARPENTERS . . ....
MECHANICAL HELP. . ; . . .BLACKSMITHS
•cn Ca » penters> countr y. 'are $1 25. long job,
_.-. --jbO; o carpenters,- mine company, to build
beats and dredger.' $3 day and found, free
f&re both ways, ship Sunday. ........; . .
«Ii ight> sma11 sawmill, "married preferred,
?50. and found ;¦ woodworker, country shop,
, 53 day; 6 blacksmiths' , helpers, no shoeing;
-- blacksmiths, country • shop, ?3 day; camp
blacksmith;: cityr $45 and found; 16 other
blacksmiths; 1 blacksmith, small sawmill....
;••¦•:•••••• MISCELLANEOUS ............
Allddle-aged man work around paint store;
coachman, see boss here, $30 and found; milk
wagon driver. Eastern man. $40 and found;
10 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, $30
and $40 and. found; young man to drive mail
wagon, city;;4 men and wives; 10 men-to
clean bricks, $1 25 per thousand.
•••••••. ...BOYS ...................
.10 boys to learn trades; 3 boys for planing
mill; boys, for factories; boys for machine
shops ; boys to learn to : wait at table ; bell
boys, elevator boys; choreboys for ranches
and private places' ... .. .
-..OurvDally List of Jobs Ready 7 a. m...
..... AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT ....
HAY & HARVEST— FARMS & DAIRIES.
70 hands for hay and harvest fields, $1 25.
. $1 50 and $2. and found; 43 farmers, steady
jobs year round. $25 to $35 and found; 1*0
teamsters, large ranch. $30 and found; * 22
choremen, city and country, $25 to $35 and
found; 27 milkers, all over California. 535
to $40 and found ....;... . . .'
.'..:... . . . HOTELS. ETC
COOKS .........•........¦......;... WAITERS
- Chef cook, country hotel. $75. gee boss here;
chef cook, city, $60; ranch cook, fare SI. $40:
cook , for, sawmill. $40 and found; second
. cooks, third cooks ; 17 cooks for city and
country, hotels and restaurants ; 3 waiters,
- springs; waiter, country Louvre: waiter'ani
wife; 10 waiters, other jobs; baker, springs,
. good place, $40; 2 butchers;. 3 bakers, coun-
try shops; night cashier, city; 33 kitchen
hands, pot and dishwashers, porters; young
man to learn cooking, ¦ country ...;...
..:..... YOU'LL SUIT ON THIS JOB........
............. That Means You
......' We'll Pay Your Fare.......
.'; And Ship To-day (Saturday) ........
YARDS.. ...... SAWMILLS ....... .WOODS
347 men to work. around sawmills, yards and
woods, . no experience required ; any willing
man can fill the bill; wages $30 to $65 •& fd.
,............:.. FARE PAID ....... ~. ;.
;..7... EXPERIENCED MILL HELP . .-
.;10 crosscut sawyers, $45 and found; 4 chain
tenders, $40 and found; setter, mill in Ari-
zona, $3 day; jack screwers; shingle sawyer;
shingle saw flier; trimmer; drag sawyer;
- edgerman, $3 per day. see boss here; mill-
wright, see boss here
:.... -. s m in es
LABORERS .:........: FACTORIES
.15 miners, north, $75; 6 miners, south, $57
and found; 25 laborers, good mine, north, $40
to $50 and found ; 10 laborers, mine, south,
$42 and found; 15 laborers, • surface work,
. Napa County ....... ....V. .7........
10 laborers, factories, city, $1 75 and 2 day:
,12 laborers, ' factory." 10c fare, : $1 50 day; 50
\ laborers, city job, $2 day; 50 laborers, hear
city. $60; 357 men to do laboring work in all
parts of California. $175. $2 to $2 50 day.
S :.'...:; Get one of our daily lists of jobs
BEST JOBS : . . . ....
-"••....; BIGGEST WAGES ............
:................... AT
MURRAY & READY'S 634-636 Clay st.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT 'AGENCY, 638 Clay,
Phone 1101.
400 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen and
steam shovel dumpers, $2 25 to $2 50 day.
To Wadsworth, RoUeby, Battle Mountain.
Reno, Telepraph Point and Carlin Fee $1
300 railroad men. S. P. Co.'s own work.
For Sacramento, Western and Coast Division.
To Tracy, . Fiorin, Oakland. San v Mateo, San
* Luis Obispo and other points..... ...........
.100 laborers and miners, .ship north and
south . . . 7. ..... . . .52" to $2 50
25 men for Mendocino Co.", ship to-day, $35
to $50 and found /................ „..
1 bartender, country town. . .. . .$30 and found
¦ 10 quarrymen.. ..V..-..; Free Fare..........$:»
J8 tanbark men.'....." $2 per«:ord
10 men for hay fields.. $1 25 and found
-- 75 men ' for various classes of work, $1-25 to
CALL AND READ OUR 'BULLETINS.* " "
AT THE CAL. EM£. AGENCY, 59 Third «t.
.....Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
.;...". TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA......
' Free fare ..:.......... Free fare
......Office fee $1; no other expenses
100 teamsters .$2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rockmen ........ $2 25 to, $2 60-per.day
FREE FARE.... ..FREE FARE
Mendocino County Big sawmill
: 50 railroad Iaborers.yf26 per month and board
12 sawmill and woodsmen .....;.......•....;
:"'•• .....$26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY................ FREE FARE
. 5 concrete men, city. ....... .$2 50 per day
Cook, small place, country. .. .$50 and room
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. . 59 * Third st.
4 MILLWRIGHTS, $3 50 to $4 day and 3 plain
carpenters. $3 day. ' fare paid; carpenters,
blacksmiths, blacksmith helpers, ; wheel-
_ wrlght, miners, laborers for mines, mills,
quarries and other work ;' farmers and wives,
- : choremen, men about place, farmers, ' milkers,
cheesemakers, cooks, waiters, dishwashers;
cook and wife, $85; farmer and wife. $r>0;
and others too numerous to advertise. J.iF
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 STOCKTON ST.
•Vegetable gardener, $30; assistant gardener,
'¦'.$l.a day; coachman, country, $40; coach-
man and do chores, $35; butler. $40; saloon
porter, ?50; dishwasher. $7 a week, no Sun-
I : day work; dishwasher for springs, $20; dish-
; washer, country, , $30; barnman on a ranch,
. . $25 ; 4 - men for grading, private place. $1 a
"¦day; farm hand, $30; porter for, saloon, $50;
• .,* elevator boys, $15 to $25.
! A MEAT and pastry cook,. springs; $70* MRS.
.: M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
A MAN and wife, shampooers, baths, springs.
MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
ASSISTANT washer, hand . laundry, no expe-
rience necessary, i $30, • ; springs, , fare both
¦ways, y, MRS. >M. iE. DAY. 035 Geary st. .
PORTER, 5 summer 1 esort, ' mountains, $°0
MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st. "
A COACHMAN for country, $40. .- ".. --- •
A butler for city, $45.
A second butler. $35 .'' • u
-MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter, near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm 12
¦ Bell boy, $15; third cook, $30; waiter, $30.
WANTED— Bright boy, from 16 to IS years of
¦ age, for stock boy. Apply between S^and 11
a.v m. at HALE BROS.' , f
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman
Apply, between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' .
WANTED— Young man for office work; must
b&-good at. figures. Apply at HALE BROS.'
:.:¦.. between 8 and ; 11 a. ; m,
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 "and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
' perate habits, .who can speak, read and write
English. : For information apply to Recruit-
Ing ¦ Officer, 121 New Montgomery st., San
-; Francisco, or Masonic . building,' Sacramento.
WANTED— Trustworthy person in each coun-
; - ty to manage business; old established house;
bona fide weekly - cash salary $18 "paid each
Wednesday,* with all ; expenses direct from
7 headquarters: -moneys advanced for expenses
; Manager, 370 Caxto^ bldg. , , Chicago.
AN experienced ' stenographer, operating Smith
>; Premier typewriter for Interior lumber com-
.: pkny; - wages ,$75. L. &M. ALEXANDK1:,
.;: 110- Montgomery st.-i' -. • - \_ .
.WANTED— First-class practical cutter.- S N
'¦:-(• WOOD & CO., .718 Market st. • *
.WANTED 1 - A <good ; barber, from 10 a. m. ¦ Sat-
. iurday and Sunday; wages $5. v 1646 Polk st.-.-
WANTED— Good barber; Saturday afternoon
I and Sundaj. > 107^ Fifth st. ,.
BARBER wanted for : Saturday. 797 Mission
•street. '-¦', -.\ >. t ,.~ '. .. "' _'- . ,
UNION barber for Saturday and Sunday. 42S
..^Broadway, v ".-'..' - . ". . '
WANTEI^-Barber . to run -* furnished ?. barber
" shop, cor. 9th ; ave.* and H " st, south : of park. '
BOY wanted—HARSHALL'S, 12 kearny st. *
WANTED— First-class painters at 483 Geary
-': '¦'street.".--; :--.'-. ¦'. -..-.' -. . : . --. .... r
WANTEDV-A metal polisher to work on brass.
'^¦225'Beale St.: ¦.:¦;¦¦¦¦¦ ' ¦ % ¦.•-;.-•• ;..'. /.'.¦'--
EXPERIENCED plumbers' helpers wanted' : H '
. WILLIAMSON CO.,, 413 Sutter st. '
DISHWASHER wanted at 106 Second street. >
"WANTED— -A* waiter,' at ¦ 211 Grant avenue../,
WANTED-fA man to help in kitchen. Call at
. ;631'CIay:st. .; - ;-¦ \f \ v
' • — ' •»
YOUTH , to attend store and make Wmself gen-
.; erally 'useful: -.y Z.'Y.X.;,boxr 1026, Call. ;
BOOTBLACK : wanted. -Room. 320.' Callaghan
, -building, cor. Market and; McAllister sts. ,
'LOST ANO FOUND— fontlnned.
LOST— On Sunday, June S. on ovtrland train
Oakland boat or California-st. car iine. -
' leather valise, containing camera, toiiet ar
tides and drafts. Finder rewarded at 143.
' California st. (Wellealey Hotel). -
, LOST— A pass book with the Hihernia Savins
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In thf
name of MICHAEL JAMES KEELIN; No
250-211. The finder will please return t<
.
— _ : .
. Tl.OS'T—A passbook with The Hibernia Savings
- a/d Loan Society of ¦ San ¦ Francisco 'in t^f
name of MARY CALD'.VELL, No. 46-67.).
The finder wilj please return to bank.
' LOST — Gold locket; air.ele diamond center
monogram G. H. ; liberal reward. Adctre8^
box IW.', Call office.
FOUND — -A purse containing money; owner
1 can obtain same by proving property and
paying expenses. Address 126 2Sth st.
¦ IX-wIll Pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. need-i oM gold
anJ sliver to make new watch cases.
3LVTTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
Brass, Iron beds: mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hctter. 712 Mis3ion:tet.Maln.7T,P.
' JISDICAL.
A— ALL former patients of MRS. DR. GWTER
. will be g!ad to know she ha3 returned to San
Francsico and opened offices for the relief of
those suffering from rheumatism paralysis,
morphine or liquor nabits. Those consulting
her will be assured of careful and honest
treatment. Consultation and advice free. Pri-
vate home for patients. Hours 10 to 12 a. m..
2 to 6- and 7 to 8 p. m. Sundays by appoint-
ment. only. Phone Jessie 2131. Entrance to of-
fices. 15C4 Market st., rooms 25 to 28, City
Hall square. Over Good Fellows' Grotto.
A — DR. ¦ O'DONNELL.' world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies. . all who are sick or in trouble,
cccsult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In a*"*
' cases taken; the most difficult cases treate*;
have relieved thousands of most obstlnata
cases; free.- confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NFLL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 3th.
A— DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most important of modern principles In treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladles ail
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
¦ normal results; fee low.- 1007% Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladie«*
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home ia
confinement : hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. -
lOOS^yarket st.. opp. Bth and nr. Po~ elL
MRS. D9. ' WYETH— Well-known ladles' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience: private home in
confinement. Moved to 728 Post at., nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
ist: maternity hospital; home for Infanta
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy St., nr Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladl««"
specialist ; a private home before and durlnc
.confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kurorond is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
LADIES — "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bid*.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st., opposite
, Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
HMMANrMU^liYr^l^6^^xam7n^^dg".
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE....; ......
" ..On first and second mortgages
....Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust
. Undivided interests in real estate......
Estates in probate — Legacies
Assignment of rents ".
...Life insurance policies
..Financial problems of all sort3 and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY
.TOUC02 Examiner building
A— H. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room X
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests ia real estate.
On estates in probate.
On legacies. •
7TO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
ANY proposition^ any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor, Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY^
. Safe Deposit bldg.. 328 Montgomery »t..
• Will make loans on real estate. -
Low rate of lnt?rest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
. liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phpne Red 1603. -
• ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st.,room 36.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on 'their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON -furniture, pianos; no removal ;money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
nocom*.;strictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
: $10 TO $10O loaned salaried people without s#JX
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy paymenta. Drake, 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or. piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse-
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
' tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonem.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn..
without removal; conflden. • 935 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal:
strictly private. E.W.LICK.116 McAllister at.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture;'?5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg..
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
BUSINESS man wishes to meet private~party
having money to loan en collateral securities.
Box 250. Call office.
¦¦•-¦"¦* ¦¦'-' MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ALL -makes and grades handled: largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Stelnway $95 to $2S0
2 Knabe $85 to $llf>
» 2 Fischer $75 to $lo5
1 Bourne : ..840
Over 5000 Heine pianos in S. F. Agents, lor
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents °it<
installments $2 up.
. HEINE PIANO CO., Heine Hall. 235-237
Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly . advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
effer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers.'
ccr. Kearny and Sutfersts.,' & F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
AS a special offer this week we will mark down
the price of a number of flrst-class instru-
ments to a point where no one can afTcrd t»
buy elsewhere. We carry Wlssner. Bau-
' meister and other choice makes. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 760 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us take;: back any tim*
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy %
piano from -us. "KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st. ; established 15150.
A CHICKERING— AVOSE— A STERLING.
. A Steinway — A Fischer — A Pteck
And ten others from $60 up.
All uprights, easy payments.' fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR planes, the leading makers ; prices $luu
. upward; values best in city. PIERCE" 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
ON sale— A larjte Stelnway upright: good as
new; , must sen. 237 Geary st.
$3 ' PER', month — Best renting pianos In city.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co., 500 Hayes st. ;
Person departing for Germany sacrifice superb
new C- pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
? leO-^ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
menta. 16 McAllister St.. nest Hibernia Bank.
THE,WILEY.B. ALLEN CO.. 331 Market at.—
Steck; Everett, Ludwig" and other good pianos.
SNAP— 2 only, new $450; high-grade uprights.^
dropped from catalogue,$250. Bruenn,208Post. |
BYRON : MAUZY. 30S-31 0-312 Post St.; Sohmer
' and: other pianos and pipe organs. '
SUPERIOR violin*. ' zithers. ' old - and n«w. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
' ' ' : .. " ~. ¦;; FINANCIAL/. •; "¦ - ? .,. . '-'
> COMPANIES I incorporated and financed ; stock
>-; and. bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
¦ •_;. r old : - stock / accepted for - services. ¦ -. Send 5 for
; Pacific ¦ States Investor.' PACIFIC STATES
i MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 320 Post.
WANTED— $35,000 \ building loan;- on, water
front: brick warehouse. .Box 4622. Call.
.TO LET. . . ' - . \~,:X
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth; sunny flats; Just
completed;: modern -improvements; -rent rea-
<¦ sonabie ; convenient to Twenty-fourth ¦ and
- Castro-st.s cars.' . , .-
FINE corner flat ' of 6 rooms, bath, storeroom.
'1211 McAHister^st., cor. Fillmore.
I $18^jSUNNY I upper flat, 5 rooms and bath.
1137 Hampshire st., near Twenty-fourth. '
$12 50— UPPER flat of 6 rooms & bath to fam-
ily of adults only. 3883 20th St.; , nr. : Church.
HAYES,. 1747, • nr. , park— Modern sunny lower
flat, 5 rms., porcelain bath, $20: water free.
$20— SUNN Y corner . flat. 6 rooms, . bath. 2053
. Fifteenth st.. near Market. ' )
FINE flat of 7 rooms, bath. 458 Hayes st.;
inquire 26 Turk st. *
FLATS TO. LET-— FURNISHED.
$10— FLAT, 2 rooms f*f urnlshed^for~housekee^
ing. 436 Jessie st., off Mint ave. *^ ¦;••.:.•
$16—4 ROOMS, partly, furnished; bay-window.
. 2S West Mission, bet. Twelfth and Brady.
-~~™£F Rlv i3! URE FOR SAL>E *
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 B0. wlth^No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE and . some new' carpets for sale,
-.. cheap. 300 Page st. ; no dealers.
_J^__^_JP]UR^niTyRE_AVANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A..WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for eecond-hand furnltute; tel. Red 1354.
yUKJ^ITURE^ AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and . good work in~maklng over
I furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
- 411 and 413 Powell st.; tel. Bush 421. 1
;-'.•¦ | *
TRY. Danlcheff One Dollar ~Glove; yoa wil
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave
WASTED FEMALE. ¦
AT C. R. HANSE~N"&^oJs7ipiwne*^}7anTl8;
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Laundress, summer resort, fare paid. .$30, $31
2 waitresses, Contra Costa Co., springs.. $2(
a waitresses, : springs, Sonoma CO.', fare
here . '; . . ..."..; .$2:
Waitress, Mendocino Co., fare paid .$2£
Waitress, small country place. . . . . . : ..«2«"
Mar^-and wife, waiter and, waitress. . "V. .^i5t
Lunch waitresses, dinner waitresses. .... .50c
Woman to wash dishes in pantry, resort.
fare one way, nice place. $2*
Fancy . Ironer, resort, short distance.. $T!(
2 more, waitresses, Arizona, free fare.... $21
14 waitresses, country hotel. ,$2i
.2- waitresses, south, fare paid. .......... .«2f
Chambermaid to.wait, same place. ...... ,$2(
.Woman for general work, light place, small
-. hotel,' country, fare paid, near coast... $2?
Cook, ¦ country hotel, fare paid...' ..$3?
: FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
We have some nice places for house.girlt
who want to go to the country, most of the
parties can be seen here, fares paid, $15-$25:
German or Swedish woman wanted as cook,
flrst-class family, - San Jose (4 other ser-
vants), $35: ranch cooks, nursegirls, house-
girls, highest wages paid.
¦ C. R. HANSEN & CO., 420 Bush St., oppo-
site California Hotel, between Kearny : st,
and and Grant ave. ' . ' •
A — HEAD waitress, first-class . hotel, - stead)
; position, year round, $35, see party here. "
MRS. M. E. DAY ....... 335 Geary st. .
A — 3 WAITRESSES, springs, .$25; chamber-
maid. ?20. ;
MRS. M. E. DAY...... .335 Geary St.
A— 2 WAITRESSES; mountain resort, $25.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary St..
25 WAITRESSES, commercial and city hotels.
MRS. M. E., DAY. ......... ..3.'t5 Geary St.
WOMAN shampooer, baths, springs, I $20 and
: percentage. ' , -• -
MRS. M. E. DAY... k . ...335 Geary st.
WANTED — Cook, small resort, $40; good bread
' baker, $30; 10 waitresses for springs or re-
. sorts, $25; G . second girls, $20, $25; parlor
maid and waitress, $30, see lady at office 1C
-- o'clock: ¦ 2 ¦ laundresses, $25, $30; cook, no
wash, San Joee, $35; and a great number ol
girls for general housework, city and country,
$25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st. ¦
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORKyGOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & 'CO... 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR.lDAVIS.y
WOMAN from 25 to 35. to do light housework
and - care for child; wash given out; sleep
home; Sundays oft; wages $10 per month.
Call 194 Linden a've.,\ corner Franklin.
"WANTED — Experienced presser on ladies' wool
"-"and'' silk waists. San Francisco Mfg. Co.,
523 Market st. . .
"WOMAN accustomed to handling country trade;
• must have fair education and business train-
ing. Box 1024, Call office.
WANTED — Two mangle girls; wages $7 per
• week. Columbia Laundry, opposite Calif or-
n la Hotel, Bush st. ; .
YOUNG. lady compositor; steady; state wages
and experience. , Box 388. Call : office. y
MIDDLE-AGED woman, care for 1 child and
light housework." 021 Sacramento st. ,
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth and Valencia streets.
iO WOMEN for concert hall. Southern Califor-
nia. Call 233 Powell, \ room 5; hours 2 to -5.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do light hswrk. and
'cooking; white or colored; $15. 745 Guerrero.
PROTESTANT girl for general | housework ;
good home; light work; $15. 3674 Sixteenth.
—————— _______
WANTED— Waitress at 204 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
gents' white shirts. '535 Valencia st. • '
WANTED— Good waitress. 76 Third st. .
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles', wrappers,
ekirtB, etc. ; work home. 338 Fell 'at
GIRLS for road show. Address box 1028. Call
office.. . . . :
$4 50— HAIRDRESSING. manicuring, mas-
¦sage, hair work taught In 2 weeks; positions
guaranteed In stores and with private cus-
tomers, $50 and . $75 . per :' month ; ¦. class day
and evening. College 233 Geary st., rs; 13-15.
PACIFIC College, 1236 Market st., r. 94— Halr^
work, hairdressing, marcel wave, manicur-
• Ing, massage,', etc. ; positions guaranteed ; , $12
to $35 wk. ; day.eve.classes; course 2 wks.,$5.
LADIES to . learn, barber trade; ¦'¦ only '. two
months required; special offer -this month;
halrdressing taught In four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER. System- College, 635 'Clay «t.
WANTED— A. girl for general housework; some
' washing; five- In- family; , wages .'$25; refer-
, enocs. 4020 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
I WANT immediately a trustworthy • woman
of fair education for business position; mar-
. rled woman preferred. '.; Box 390. Call. v ;
; WILL teach a few smart girls on ladies' silk
¦and- woolen waists -N good pay; steady work.
-¦• SAN FRANCISCO MFG. CO.. 523 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS " finishers on Jackets. . BARON,
22-24 Grant ave. - •
.WANTED— Girl. 16 or 17 years of age for of-
fice work. Address box 1003. Call office.-;
"WANTED— Young girl , to ". help do light : house-
work ; good home ; can go to school. 040 Sutter.
APPRENTICE for hair business. G. LED-
JERER,, 123 Stockton st. .','
MILLINERY/ thorough course. $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 ; Stockton. ; room ' 13...
WIGMAKER. hairdresser and manicure. : Wal-
j* *<|prf /- Hair ; Dressing Parlors. 241-243 * Geary. ]
A— SHIRTMAKERS - and finishers, EAGLE-
SON;& CO.. 535 Market st. :
WANTED — Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
'& CO.; 27 Geary, st.' ¦ ¦¦, .
WANTED-— Women and jeirls to work, on fruit.
¦ 1731 Foisom Bt. - --.¦'- ¦ ,;,- ¦ . i -,- .•:.•«¦..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
..subscriptions . has : been j established at 1096
>-| Valencia'Bt."- : . "^- ¦ -..¦•;-. "-,.¦„.¦¦¦.
HELP WANTED~MALE.
WANTKfc^-By E. B. "& A. L. - Stone Co*;' team- 1
¦ sterS; and' laborers 1^ for railroad work; in Ne-
.;vada;^free;fare; ship'at 5:15 Monday, Wed-
. nesday and Friday. . ............. .... ¦ .... .
4-horse skinners. ........ ..$2 25; per day
Laborers '..'. ... . ..' .... ....... .$2 per day
-Board. ......;...-; ...:.;..:. $5 25 , per week
. Report with blankets- at 900 i Broadway,'
/.Oakland . . . . .'. ... .-.-.?, ..... . ....:. ..-.."; . .¦;*;¦
Laborers ; for; ' concrete ( work, wages '•' $2 .'per
. day, > 10 • hours'i work ;, board $4'50;per week;
'long .'Job.; -Report- at Napa. Junction. ; " ...
$75— -WANTED-^Steady;r man ; as 'partner *¦ in
/ cigar, store and ; laundry. office ; good transient
- trade ; f ull ¦ value ', In : stock ; given ;• cheap < ren t:
Particulars, cigar factory, 257: 4th, nr. Foisom;
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
urtil 12 o'clock eve^ right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9;30 p. m.
SO0 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«^59 McAllister etreet: open until 3:30 p. m.
£15 Larkin street: occn until U:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
1*261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until a p. m.
306 Eleventh street; cpen until 0 p. m.
1C96 Valencia etreet; oi>e'n until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner 'Twenty-second and Ken-
tutky streets-: open until 9 p. m.
I'-JOO KSIImcre street: open until 9 p. m.
_ CHIRCU^ SERVICES.
FIRST United ' Presbyterian Church, corner
Cioldtn Ciate ave. and Polk st. — Preaching Ui-
•norrow at 11 a- m. and 7:45 p. m. by the-
pastor, H. H. Bell, U.li. ; morning theme,
sseeona in serits *,n "Farewell Address";
ewnitig theme, "A Vital Question." ivabbath
school xti y:4o a. m. C. E. societies at 5:30
and H:w p. m. htranaers cordially Invit.td
10 all services. Pews free.1 Courteous uthot».
Come and bring your friends.
' ' MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDKN GATE Ur.campment NoT~l7^I
1. O. O. F., ¦ lioyal Purple degree •>/*
THIS (SATtKDAl) EVKMXG. y\
t\ E. HIGGl.N'S. C. P. • \
KXCELS1OK Ut-Kice I^idge No.
2, 1. o. O. F. — Keguiar meeting *§gJ_iCS^
THIS iSATL'HDAI) EVKN1NG
First decree.
WM. B. CURTIS. D. M.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club.— .
fcjjocial nuc-Uns THIS (SATUR- 3 1 - SS
DAY) EVENING. at KnUcruKy
Hal!. .'J^' O'Farrell ft ¦ "*^Wfc
JOHN ti. MclNNES. Royal Cu.tl.
GEOROE KULLEKTUN. Recorder.
JJOT1CK of xueetmj; of stockholders lor pur-
pcte ul vctiiig on Issue ol bonds. Office of
Associated Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
V£rd building, corner ot California and Mont-
gomery fcts.. San i''rancisco, Cal. April rs.
iaui. — Notice is hereby given that pursuant
to a resolution of the board of directors of
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously
adopted on the 2Sth day of April, 1&02, at a
rtguliir meeting ot said board duly held ia
the city and county of San Francisco. State
cJ California, whereat more than thrae- '
fourths of 10* directors or said board were j
preceat end voted, a meeting of the stock- ;
bolder* of said corporation will be held at .
the office and principal place of business cf
•aid corporation, to wit: Eleventh floor :
Hay ward building, corner of Montgomery ¦
fcr.d California streets, in the city and county
' cf Sad Francisco, State of California, said I
building beins the building where the board
of directors ot fcaid corporation usually meet,
end said place being the place in said build-
ing where the eiockholders of said corpora-
tion usually- meet, xjn Monday, the 7th day
cl July, iy02. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
cbject and purpose of then and there con-
sidering and votinz upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebfedness of said As-
sociated OH Company, in the sum of five
million dollars, payable In United States gold
coin, and to secure said bonded indebtedness
ea proposed to be created by a mortgage
upon, or deed of. trust of ali the property I
cf said corporation now owned or hereafter j
to be acquired by it during the life or term
of said mortgage or deed of trust. By order
cf the board of directors Associated Oil Com-
pany.
«Seal) By O. SCRIBNER. Secretory.
FUNERAL Notice— Members of Pacific Parlor ;
No. 10 X. S. G. \Y.. will assemble at N. S. !
G. W. Hall. 417 Mason St.. at 1:20 p. m.. j
SUNDAY. June 15, to attend funeral of our
deceased brother, PAUL SCHOENWALD; ,
cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery- By order.
ROLAND M. ROCHE, President.
JOHN MILLER. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
TWO experienced agents for country. Apply
at once. Royal Portrait Co.. 143 7th st. |
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. i
R. \V. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
CIS; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections, 1
*tc. ; legal papers drawn; consultation free; 1
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE Sree; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market Bt.. cor.-, Stockton.
ADVICE free; phone Mint 803. 819 Market st.
J. M. THURSTON; olflce open every even-
ing; private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE free; no charge unless tuccessful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson. 027 Market, j
JOHN R. AITKEN. attorney at law. . Rooms
¦-W9-10-11. Ciunie bldg.. 503 California st. I
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 327 Mar-
);»t Et. : consultation tree: no fees in advance. '
BICVCUSS For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
bt-fcre buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. K05 Market, IOCS to 1974 Page.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE family would like a child to board,
$S per month. Phone Polk 279T, 1610 »4 Bush.
; BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS ct &U kinds bought; libraries liirch&sedT
_H. C. Hclaes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard mtf.
6_ Bl'SINKSS CHANCES.
A — CORNKR grocery • and bar in best part of
Xhe city; owner wiil sell at invoice price as
he must leave, for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant; rtnt ?25; with 5 rooms. $35-
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $1300; SALOON established many years,
dcing a good business ; clearing at least $150
per month; a good Investment. Call R G
WILKE. 1!6'^ Kearny et. ' *
A— 57XKJ; PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; article sold in every grocery store;
big money in sight. Call R. G. WILKE
26 Kearny Et.
A— $250; OYSTER and chop house on Larkin
St.; rent flti; good location and kood busi-
ness. Call R. Q. WILKK. S6^ Kearny st.
A— $650; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
witi. 3 living rooms; rent $:5; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare -chance for
man and wife. It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $550; CANDY, ice cream and notion store
with 4 living rooms; rent $15; a. tplendid loca-
tion and good paying business In Western Ad-
dition. See R. G. WILKE. 26 y, Kearny st.
A — $500; CORNER gTocery and bar with Hv-
ins :voms: rent $1:.'; beet location on Leav-
«n worth st. ; good paying. Call R G
WILKE.. 2t>Va Kearny st. .
Al2<;50; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
bldg.; rent $.0; a nrst -class paying business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. SB\j Kearny st.
A PATKON Invested $100 v.ith us; his averace
dividends were *5 17 a week; in less than
nve months he had drawn as much in divi-
dends, as his principal; why not do the same
yuUKelt? We guarantee you against loss;
cividcnds are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
loss; we accept accounts as low as $10- divi-
dend for week ending June 7. $4 &&;' write
or call lor interesting literature. AMEKI- i
Si J k N V CO " OPZttATIVfc; ASSOCIATION" suite
CIS. Emma Spreckele building.
<A 7;o :^ 0 T M . oney " lr ' ELiin^ b - bakery,3 rms.,$12 r
1 irJtZ^- i' acy ' grocery, bakery. 4 rms., $15 r!
i^~V- andy - Eta "oneri-, notions, 3 rms..$20 r.
$2jO— \ariety store. 2 rooms. $15 rent
Atk Heggt^jiOl^ua Parrott bldg., 825 Market.
*"*?°. C «f5- r 6tands . Prices *75 to $2000; rent^
?° \° S125 monthly; profits «i to $7 daily. Abk
*- L - Hedges. 4C1-4<E» Parrott bld«.. 825 Mkt.
DENTISTS— A fine opportunity to secure a
pood practice: fixtures complste; fine offWs; |
SS?*2n loc: ?i lon: owne «- leaving the city,
and will consider a reasonable offer '
o ,_ ¦ 9- WV SCHWEINHARD.
91 <- Market st., bet. 5th and Cth.
A r*™ : , JTh A^ TXE^ " fta n^ < l for plain office
«ork and do collectinsr In old established
»ue.ne SS ; clears $3C0 per month; with well-
knoA-n. practical, responsible man; investi-
\vc a** r^ A PP ly p - S. DE I
LLCA & CO.. 21% Kearny st.
$350— PARTNER wanted in ilarket-st. saloon'-
_^faj^g_j!50 month. BROWN. 1221 Market! •
$350— RESTAURANT on Market st - clearing
S100 month; sickness. BROWN, iril M**ket
FOR sale— Small grocery and bar on account of
cot^Tweff^ SCHAEFER ' 5S rXmst°!
WA N'TED— Gentleman; good business praposi-
¦E1» S : «t mOne> ' riRht Party - Ca!I 5: *8-
FOR sale — Good-paying watchmaking and iew-
elry store In good location; rent cheap In-
QUlre at 254 Third st. liquor store .
»750-PARTNER'wanted; prr,flts~$'250"nToluhV
i£3r%fr\ffi\^jx3i v jr™*-
PAYING fruit store for sale; good location
¦; 243 Fifth et. " ,
DELICATESSEN" and branch bafcery and pork
store for sale cheap. 29G7 Twenty-fourth st.
$8500— Commercial hotel on leading buclness
ttreet. clearing $G50 monthly net: -whole or
half Interest: partner going to Europe; no
acente. nox 275, Call office.
$100 — WANTED — Partner for pool and billiard
parlor, cigar store and laundry office.' See
.party CM Fourth et.
$*frf»— RESTAURANT south of Market St., mid-
6!e machine phop district: doing good • busi-
•»«».'. Bex 1022, C* I! offlce-
J I CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.'
¦ WHEN you become disgusted, with poor work'
send to SPAULDING'S. Pioneer vCarpet-beal-
j ing.- Works; 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
• IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular. peo-
. I'le. A. G. Klelnert. 1512 Polk: : tel. East 725.
• Karison Karpet-Co — Cleaning 3%c yd ;upholster-
| inp. 121." Market, bet.Stb&nth;tel.Howart^ 2012.
. ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter. St.;
tel. Main ::94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.; Prop.
, RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price3
j reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
,. CONKLIN'.S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
: 3,-j.t Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126. '
' I TRY Hopke.Bros.' excellent carpet cleaning. -,
-411-413 Powell St., „ phone Bush 421. .,-.;¦¦'
! J. n.MITCIIKLL Carpet-cleaning. and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th Ft: tel. Mission 74.
1 COLLECTION OFFICES.'
: GEORGE W. 71<ELTiY^~Agency^-No charge
' unless Fucoegyful. . Room 310. 927 Market st.'
COTTAGES TO LET.
A FURNISHED cottage of 3, or 4 rooms; large
yards; modern improvements. 3874 Seven-
teenth et.. near foe. '¦*¦
DENTISTS.' 11 -^
A GRADUATE specialist in each department:
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
. . detected from the natural gums and will not
Jail down when eating: lowest prices in S. F. :
painless extraction. 60c: open Sundays \and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR\ E
W. PERKINS. Pres.. 969 Mission at.. SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done paln-
ltKsly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crewns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
>up; office hours. 9 a. m. to V p. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
I EASY Dental Parlors. « Turk St.. cor. Mason —
1 Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
. EON. D.D.S.. proprietor and
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5. full set; all work rainless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; flllings,25c.
SET of teeth • without plate. DR. H. G.
YOT'NG. 1841 Polk st. -
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
FASHIONABLE dressmaker— MISS LAURA V.
' CLARKE, 1123 Powell St.; orders promptly
attended to. : .
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterrs cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ' ¦
A — IF Gregg stenographers are- not fast writers,
hew do they all get positions and hold- them?
Si positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
tict s College. 1236 Market ,st. ;'
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.:
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
. Echool lor the university, ¦ law and medical
colleges: references, .President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. '
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
j conducted by experts; best combined short-
< hand and commercial course to be had; in-
| dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
et. t for. their new catalogue; It is free and the
uicest in the State. Life scholarship. $50. ¦..'•:,,
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864.- Van
der Naillcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
. associated with theatrical agency securing po-
eitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin & banjo taught in a
ciass; $1 mo. 426 O'Farre^; phone Gsary 562.
.SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market st. -
LEARN ad. writing: terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL. 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Fittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day " or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Gth.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission ; . instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S.F.;
founded 1K63: new 80-pase catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
OUPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
r.<se help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish mewt
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.: tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A WOMAN wishes position as 'steady house-
keeper or as a ladies' nurse; city preferred. |
523 Howard st. . • , |
SITUATION' wanted by respectable girl, light
housework or care of child; wishes to at-
tend night school. .Address 228 Lily ave. . .
SWEDISH girl, who does not speak English
very readily, wants housework. Address box
1025, Call office.
SMALL girl wishes light work. 214 Clipper
St., bet. 25th and 26th, off Sanchez; Castro-
street cur.
A RELIABLE woman wishes washing to do at .
• home or go .out by the day. 24 Lexington'
ave., near Eighteenth st. . ¦ ,
— — • ¦ -— — , » .
NURSE or housekeeper. 30 San Carlos ave. ',.
JAPANESE ' girl wishes situation to do cook-
Ing and housework or school girl. 1728 Fill-
. more Et.
¦WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
kct — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry,
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister. St.- '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ - . , .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
EMPLOYMENT as gardener by Swede who has
followed this occupation in- Sweden for 13
. years and 2 years ¦ in Cleveland, O., and 4
months in California; good recommendations.
Box 303,. Call office.
1 BOY wants a job in country to do chores and
take care of horses ; not afraid of work ; 17
years old.*.' 1562 Turk st. "...
COLORED man wishes offices to clean bv day
or week. 1326 Pine st. - "
BARTENDER,- young man, wishes "position-
references' if required. Box 1027, Call.' ;'
SITUATION wan ted -by German, 40 years of >
age; handy with blacksmith and carpenters':
tools; knows the care of and poul-
try; can do plain cooking; -would like'ulace .
as choreman.- Address ' P. '- ROTHER ¦¦ box
1021, Call. ¦ - _.- . .'
A ' GOOD salesman ¦ wishes position -• with flrst-
class bouse on commission; has horse -and
buggy;. requires no advances. Address A B
C, box 387, Call office. - . ¦ - . •. . . . -
A ¦ MIDDLE-AGED married man desires posi-
- tlon as watchman; references'." Apply B H r
726iWashinston st. \ . .' . •)'¦-,-¦
ELDERLY gardener . wants work on I private
place; sober,' . ; industrious; no horses; - can
- milk. .Address box 1018., Call. r
YOUNG man would like porter work or -drive
¦ -delivery. -. Address C. H.. 629 Noe st. ¦
COLLEGE graduate -in chemistry 'desires posi-
¦ tion as analytical" chemist; excellent; refer-
ences. AddreEs E. L. . HALL) 1613 Gough st.
ELDERLY, man," 1 sober, and reliable, desires sit-'
•uation as gardener; on private place, or any
light work. Address- N. ANDERSEN, «->0
' Washington st.', -room 19. — . -.
A STEADY, reliable man,, two years in present
position; desires , work In -wholesale { or. com-
¦-. mission house. • with chance; of advancement- •
fair. wages. Box 393, Call : office.;. • . '.
j FIRST-CLASS* florist I and gardener desires sit-
uation on , private placeor nursery;} can give
. Kood- reference; 12 years in California. Box ;
377,- Cal I ; office, v ", ; - '
JAPANESE; couple want situations in^private
¦; family; man ; is good icook; wife;ls 'waiter;
. both have good experience. -Address . K. i M. , i
18. St. Mary place. , . . ; ., ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions ; has been . established' at- 108a •
- Valencia st ' ¦ \
: HKLP WAKTEn— WAtE— Cow.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 429 Bush st
2000 R. R. men. Nevada.... $2 to $2 5O,da3
, 100 tunnelmen for Nevada .$2 to $;t daj
r. . FREE FARE. .... ........ SHIP TO-DA1
500 tunnelmen. Chatsworth Park, Cal.. $2 tc
$3 day-. ............':--••
FREE FARE...... .:....... SHIP TO-DA1
100 'aborers, pick and shovel, near, city ...'...
$2 daj
30 hay makers. '.'...'. ...°.$1 50 day and found
" 30 farmers '. $35 and founO
10 milkers.; ......;... $35 and found
6 blacksmiths, country. $3 dav
country.......' $50 and found
6 ¦ bridge carpenters. .$3 a day
4 machine drillers and helpers in tunnel.....
..........; $2 50-$3 5t
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Steward and head waiter....; SIO*!
. Kitchen steward, country hotel ....$4C
2 head cooks, country hotels;. .-.••• ••••'• .*7tj
Baker. $50; head waiter $40
Fryers.- broilers, second cooks ..$50-$73
-Potwashers, springs and city $25 and $3fi
Omnibuses, $25; laundryman, country hotel
• •-• '. $50
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ....... .429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel, bet. Kearny st.
and Grant ave.)
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
-S navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of jrnod
character, between the ages of 21 and 35;'not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply . at • the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Franciscot
WANTED — Experienced stock clerk in whole-
sale crockery house; give reference and wages
¦ expected. \Box 1016. Call.
WANTED — For Honolulu, a flrst-class window-
dresser for dry goods, fancy goods and millin-
ery. Address box 4286. Call office. Oakland.
TWO first-class married agents for country
- trip, $10 per week and commission; call to-
day only. .826 Sixteenth st., Oakland. )
NIGHT cashier to make himself useful. . 29
• Stockton st. •
FIRST-CLASS porter - Royal House Barber
Shop. . Apply at once, 126 Ellis st.
WANTED— At 408% Sixth St., a good barber
for Saturday and Sunday. • .
DETECTIVES WANTED— Applications will be
. received for positions as special detectives
' and: watchmen for Chinatown; monthly sal-
ary $80; must be .experienced and capable;
good references and bond required; no others
need apply. Address Chinese Consul General,
San Francisco.
WANTED — A flrst-clasd non-union plasterer;
man with family; one who wishes to start
in the contracting business: - have lots of
work all the time; a good chance for the
right man. Call 6 p. m. at 1243 Park St..
1 ' Alameda, Cal. ' * 3 -/-^
WANTED— 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St._Improvement Co.
WANTED— Head of department with city ex-
perience In ladies' hosiery, gloves and under-
wear. Address with references, F, box 1020,
Call office.
WANTED— Steady man, with $125 cash; will
pay $16 to $18 per week; plain, light work;
experience not required ; • permanent place.
1016 Market st., room 10.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young ma,n
to take charge of lace, fancy goods- and na-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. • Box 213, Call.
MEN to learn barber' trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert Instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno -House proprietor st'H
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per. week.
— Bussers and polishers for brass
work. Apply Superintendent THOS. DAY
CO., 725 Mission- st.
FEEDERS wanted for cutting and scoring
presses. TONNER, DUEHRSEN & CO., 25
x - Market st.
— Head of department with city ex-
' perience in cloaks and ¦ suits. Address with
references; E. box 1019. Call office.
WANTED— First-class wide awake solicitor for
coal business; state qualifications, experience
and salary required. Box 254, Call office.
WANTED— Bookkeeper, general office work;
must have best references; good salary. Ad-
dress box 379, Call office.
WANTED— Honest single- man. with $75, to
take cash and assist in restaurant; $40 mo.;
no experience. Brown, 1221 Market st.
BARBER shop. - 2 chairs, new furniture In
. Western Addition; bargain. DECKELMAN
• BROS.'. 1CB EUla st. -
WANTED — Young man who is a first-class
floor walker; state age.' experience and salary
expected. Address box 374, Call office.
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs; good location;
parties going in wholesale business; $150.
Box 4ttS. San Jose. Cal. /
BARBKR. shops ¦ and rooming-houses supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yosemite Towel
Supply Co.. 708 McAUlster; phone Kate 26.
WANTED — Iron grill workers. Apply S. F.
Novelty & Plating Works. Bay and Stockton.
GOOD home for man and wife, to cook for 3;
room and board. 4137& Seventeenth st.
PANTS maker for \ country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter et. ,
600 PAIR new and " second-hand army shoes;
• size 5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 id.
WANTED— Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A;- Bullis. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Oeo.H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
BOO MEN to buy new .and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; gollng 20c up. , 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and ]
Australia, HERMAN'S. 2«t Stenart at.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. "563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts-.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. ' 663 Mission st.. pet. 1st and 2d «ts. -
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
' kt-t— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; fre»
• 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
FIFTEEN : sound, well-broken, all-purpose
horses, including four well-matched teams;
fit for grocery and delivery wagons; guaran-
teed as represented. . Occidental Horse Ex-
change. 246 Third st. . v ¦
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — 1000 stock cattle in lots to suit -high
- grade Durham Hereford bulls always on
hand. ROCHE & BRYAN, 234 Montgomery.
AUCTION Sale— 40 head gentle broke work and
driving horses, consigned by A. F: ROOKER"
Stockton. ; STEWART'S Horse Market Mon-
day.<iJune 16, 11 a. m. - -•
70 HEIFERS; can be seen at Baden station-
. San Mateo electric cars stop at Dlaoe"
JOSEPH LEIPSIC. .'^-r - "° P aCe-
HANDSOME sorrel buggy mare, 7 years old-
drives single or double. YEARIAN 623
Grove st., .' • • '
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap.. Occidental Horsa
- Kxchange. 24C Third st. . ;«
FOR salo. Santa Rosa Salesyard— Just arrived
several fine -road and business horses new
b.uggies and harness. 1409 Market, cor.' 11th.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard sur-
rey.harnesswork.drtving horses. 15th& Valencia.
'AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp.
" Ing wagon for sale cheap. »32 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
PRINTED^lsTT^eT^
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Monjgmerv.
, 1225 FILBERT— 7 rooms and bath- rent SIR-
large yard ; water free. * "
_J«O^JSES_ J JTO^L^T--FURXISHED.
FURN. or unfurn.,not less than 1 yeaV^oTwiili
sell at sacrifice; elegant home. 12 sunny rms
ot'V^ 11^'' ad 2 Pted f° r two famines-.
lot 80x114; ; garden; fine view; reasonable •
, Mission warm belt. 120 Liberty, near 20th*
TO lease for year or. longer. 10-room furnished
house, corner Green and Flllmore sts. Apply
•; bet. 1 and 3 p.m. to MRS H S 1IAPKET
Nordhoff Hotel, r 930 . Bush st" - KET '
'^JJ^JJS LOST AXD FOUXD.
INFORMATION wanted Thir^wuTlieTp^fuiTan
) old Spanish-made barber's, brass basin- an
v heirloom ; only valuable - to - advertiser ; siiit-
fffniai^onffr ~ : A "** W ' * 01 Ca^
JJ 2 S Ir~ On McAllister, or •¦Powell-st.' car. about
3: u 0 p. m.. on June 13 i 1 dozen each o' sil-
ver forks, ¦ teaspoons and tablespoons and one
fancy berryspoon; all ; marked • F. ; suitable
reward if, returned -to; 1362 Webster st.
LOST— Will party. who took by mistake a drab
overcoat on 1 p. m. Berkeley boat. Thursday,
please return same, to 137 -First st. and re-
; .celve his own.*. "
LOST. on Wednesday night, 12 p..m., black silk
eton coat, between Louvre : and 408 Ellis st.
; Return to Hotel Touraine. '408 . Ellis ; reward.
LOST— Black . fur boa. about Eighth and Mar-
'. ket.- Please return 621 P York st.: reward.¦ Esther I. and'Esther Grennan toVFelldte
Dubs (single) and. Madeline Dubs, lot on E line
of Sanchez street, 235 S of Thirteenth; S 25 by
E 125: $10. • - . 7 :
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Joseph
and Antonle Pokorny, lot on N line of Twenty
first street, 150 E of Castro, E 25 by 'N 114;
$900. . ,, r . ; . - V ¦
Peter . E. Waldeck to Ida Koenlg (wife of
Thomas Terry to Walter F. Terry, lot on
E line of Buchanan street, 108:9 S of Green
wich, S 20:7% by E 85:6: $10. I ','--
Thomas K. and Esther F. Noble to? Alice' B.
Talbot, lot on NE corner of Sacramento and
Steiner streets. N 28 by E Wl:9; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to A'dam
Andrew, lot on NE corner of Pine and Pierce
streets, N 87:0 by E 25: $ — -.
Same td Carmellta M. Wynne, lot : on 1 SE
corner of Eddy and Scott streets, E 137:6 by
S S2:6;-$ . ' .
Jemima Lundy to Marcus ' Getz, . lot on N
line of Eddy street. 113:6 E of Devisadero, E
27:6 by N 137:6; $10. .
Estate Ludwlg Altschul(by Richard Altschul,
executor) to ' G. L. Bresse, lot on NE corner
of Post and Broderick streets, E 206:3 by N
137:6; $20,500. . ' .
Bessie M. Crittenden to Catherine Nugent,
lot on W line of Boyce street. 537 N of Point
Lobos avenue, N 25 by W 120: $10.
Oscar C. and Anna E. Cappelmann to Isabella
A; Andrews, lot on W Jine of Belvedere street;
108:9 S of Waller, S 25 by W; 120; $10.
Crocker Estate Company to Henry and Ru
dolph Marquard, one-half Interest ln lot , on
SW corner of Waller and Shrader streets, S
30 by W 100:3; ~?10.
William and Aggie E. Corbln to Continental
Building and Loan Association, lot on N line
of McAllister street. 81:6 W of Parker avenue,
W 25, N 98:0. NE 25. S 00:5; $10. - • ¦-
Manuel Breslauer toRlcka Breslauer, lot on
E line of Valencia street, 224 . N of Twenty
flreC'N 24 by E 90; $10. . . , -
Maria R. Norrls (widow) to" Martha W.
Caughlan (executrix estate of J. M. Wood), all
Interest- In, lot on N line of- Dorland street.'
114:0% E of Church, E 24. N 100, W 24. S
157:0; $10. • '
Estate Joseph M. Wood <by Abpie R. Wood
and Martha W. Caughlan, executors)' to Charles
A. Mohaupt, all same; f 725.
FRIDAY. JUNE 13,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY, June 13—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha. 02 03 Justice 02" 03
Alta .....05 07 Kentucfc ..... 01 02
Andes 02 03 Lady Wash .. — 04
Belcher 13 14 Mexican 46 47
Best & Belch 13 14 Occidental . 1. 11 13
Bullion 02 OS.Ophir 125 130
Caledonia. ... 87 88 Overman .... 34' 85
Challenge Con 14 15 Potosl 21 22
Chollar : 11 12 Savage 12 IS
Confidence ... 60 65 \ Scorpion' .... — 04
Con C & Va.l 40 1 45! Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. — V2. Sierra Nev .. 15 IB
Con N Y — «2{ Silver Hill -.. 49 61
Crown Point. 05 06 St Louis — . C«
Eureka. Con..' 18 — Syndicate ... — 07
Exchequer ... .01 02 Union Con ..19 20
Gould & Cur 07 '€8 Utah 01 02
Hate & N'orcs 49 50 Yellow' Jacket 17. IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
100 Con C & Va.l 401 500 Overman ..... 34
200 Mexican 47] . 400 Potosl ....... 22
200 Mexican 4«S SftO Savage ...... 12
200 Ophlr 1 25l 500 Utah ........ 02
300 Overman . . . . • Z3f •
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch 141 200 Ophir .1 25
ICO Caledonia ... 87 -800 Overman .... 32
100 Con C & Va.l 45| 200 Potosl 2*
300 Gould & Cur «7 110O Potosi 21
200 Mexican ...... 48 400 Silver Hill .\ , 49
300 Ophlr 1 27^i 2C0 Yellow Jacket 17
Morning Sassina.
Following were the sales ln the Pacific Stock
F.xchange yesterday: .
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Con C & Va.l 451 200 Overman 33
200 Gould & Cur 07 200 Potosl »
200 Justice 02 100 Silver HIU .. 90
300 Mexican ..... 48 50 Tejlow Jacket 17
200 Ophlr ...1 25
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia .... S9 200 Overman .... 34
100 C C & Va..l 40 30O Potosl 21
ICO Confidence ... CO 280 Savage ...... IS
100 .Crown Point. 05 200 Savage ...... 12
300 Mexican 48 450 Union 20
100 Occidental ...-111
Morning- Session.
Board — 1
500 Four .;...: •' ..;.. 5.1
100 Monarch of Arizona IA
SCO Monarch of Arizona ., 17
50 Peerless, b »0 9 00
1000 Sovereign
100 Sterling ITiO
Afternoon Session.
100 Home T. 3 3.1
10 Kem 4 no
200 Lion OH
100 Monte Crlsto 1 SO
800 Sovereign ..- 25
20O Sterling :... 1W
1OO Sterling, b 30 1 C5
100 Twenty- Eight 130
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 158 50
$6000 Market-st R R con 5s. 120 50
$21x10 Oakland Water 5s 104 0*
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 American -Bank & Trust Co 112 50
' '15 Giant Powder Con... .' 69 50
SB HutcMnson S P Co 12 SO
15- S F Gas & Electric Co 44 25
$5000 Oakland Transit 5s 114 00
$3000 Oakland Water 5s 104 00
$7C0O S P of Arizona (1909) 113 75
$9000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 60
Street —
Mornins Session.
Beard — - • __
120 Spring Valley Water 89 , j
$3000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge). 101 00
$6000 U S 3s (coup) w 10< 23
$2000 Bay Counties Pow«r Co- 5s 108 all.
$r00O Los Angeles Ry 5s, b 3 119 CO
$7000 North Shore 5s. 100 75
Alasks Pack.158 I6O I Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac C Borx.163 —
Cal Wine As. — 100% Par Paint ..26 —
Oceanic S Co — 25
MISCELLANEOUS.
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humbwjdt . . — — Security Sav.340 ' 390
Mutual Sav.. 80 85 Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U..525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — I Market 99»;i01
Geary — — " 1 Prestdlo -. . . . 39 —
POWDER. . . .
Giant — 69-&{VIgorit 3% 3%
SUGAR.
Hana "... 4 — Kilauea — 10
Hawaiian .. — 40 Makawell ... 23 —
Honokaa ... 11 12 Onomea 23% 24fc
Hutchinson . 12% 13 Paauhau 12 13
SAVINGS BANKS
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 — ,
BANKS.
Am B & T..110 — I First Xationl — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90Vi' L P & A 168%170
Bank of Cal. 435 — | Mer Ex (llq) 2« —
Cal Safe Dp. 122% — S F Natlonl.MO —
Cent L & P. .2% 3% Pac L Co 4S 80
Eqt G L C. 3 — Sac E GAR. 39% —
Mutual ...... 4% 571 S F G & E.. 44 44%
OGL&H. — VI SFGL Co. '5% 5%
Pac Gimp.. 37% 40 Stktn G&E. 8 • —
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Contra Costa 75% 77 (Port Costa.. 63% «8
Marln Co ... 59 — ISpring Val.. 89% 89%
WATER STOCKS.
Do 5s .121^ — c xntd 5s.. — . .—
N Pac C 5S.110H — Do stmpd..lOO^J —
NCR 5s.. 112ft — SP BrCal 83.140 141
N S R R 58.100% — S V Wat 6s. lilt; 112
Oak Ga3 5s. — 113;:. Do 4s 2dm. 102 103
Oak Trn 6s. .125 • — Do 4s 3dm. lot 102
Do 1st c5s.113Ts115 Stkn GAB «sluo-\101'i
Ala A W 5s. 91>4 — • Oak W G 5*.103% —
Bay CPC 5s.lO8V» — Oceanic S 5s. 07%100
C C G&E 53.105^106% Omnibus 6s.l27%l.T0
Ca»-st 5s 119 — Pac G Im 4s 97 100
C Costa 5s.. — lliv; Pk & C H «sl07%110
Ed L & P 69. — — Pk & O R69. ~r 125
Fer&C .H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — ' — Sac EGR 5s. 99 ino : i
H C&S 5&S.102 — SF & gJV 5s.l22'.;iC2' j
Do 5s .... — — Sierra Cal 6s — 116
L Ang R 5s. 118^119 S P of A «9
L A LCofis.lOSVs — (1909) 113%114
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 114% —
Do gtd 58.104 S P of C 6s
L A & P r.a.UC'i — (1905)Sr A. 106% —
Do lem 5s. 106 — <19O5)Sr B.lOTVfr —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 128^i (1906) lO&^i —
Do lem 5s. 120 120^ (1912> 120% —
N R of C 6s. — 113 SPof Clrt
* MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
. • " Bid. Ask. I BId.Ask.
4s qr t coup . . 1 10 Vi 1 11 Us qr cp(ne w>135 % 1S6 «£
4s qr reg 109^110 1 3s qr coup. ..107 107^j
• UNITED STATES BONDS.
FRIDAY, June 13 — 2 p. m.
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The following quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received ye«er
day from New York by Bolton. De Ruyter A
Co. j Common stock, $23 87Vje24 25; preferred,
$«5 75@64; bonds. $90 37%@91; •subscriptions.
$102 12^@103. Sales of preferred stock at
$03 75 and of subscriptions at $102 12%.
Local stocks and bonds continued neglected
on the morning sessions, with no fluctuations
worthy of note. On the Oil Exchange Sterling
was dull, but firmer at $1 50.
In the afternoon Alaska. Packer* sold 'at
$1 58%. Sterling Oil advanced to $1 65. ¦
THE STOCK MARKET.
Farmers' and Merchants' Savings Bank to
Clemens B." Martin, 'lot on S line of Thirty
second street, 115 W of West, S 140 by W 50.
lot -8. "block 2028, map Rowland Tract," Oak
land; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Champion
street. 59.50 S of Palmetto. S 50.- E 120 76 N
50. W 120.88. lots 7 and 8. block B. Map re-
Rubdivision block .B, Prospect Hill -Tract
Brooklyn Township; $10.
..William and Aggie E.Corbln (wlfey to Con
tinental Building and Loan Association, lot on
E line of Ninth street, 532.91 S of Channinr
way. S 50 by E 130, lots 5 and 6/ block 137
Map Haft Tract, Berkeley • $10. .
Annie Foley (widow) to / Roman Catholic
"Archbishorj of San Francisco (a religious cor
poration . Wle). lot on W .fine of Peralta street.
92 S of Lincoln, S 10 by W 100. block j 712
Boardman Map (deed made fn satisfaction of
contract dated June < 5, 1899, 751 D. 3) . Oak
land;. $10- .' \ ' ... ,
Myron S. -Pelton to Urile Whidden (widow),
lot on NW line of Locksley avenue, 100 NE of
Summer street. NW 100 by NE 50; lot 24 Map
Locksley Square Tract ' (said tract formerly
known as block . G, Map Vernon Park) Oak
land; $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder (wife) to Rob
ert Hughes, lot on S line of Thirty-ninth street
2fi9 E of West, E 79.50, S 122.58 W 795a
N 122.52. lots 16 to 18. block D, Map Major
Given Tract, Oakland; $10.
Llla R. ¦ Havens (wife of Frank C. to Sarah
E. Goulrlin (widow), lot on NW line of Adams
street, 532:10 NE of Lee. NE 188:25 by NW
120, lots .70 to 32 and NE 38:2. lot 29. block
E, Man Lands Oakland View, Homestead As
sociation, being a portion ftf Walsworth Tract
of 100 acres, etc., Oakland: $10.
Charles R. Chldson to Noxah Chldson, lot on
S line, of Hanover avenue, 214 W of Newton
avenue, W 35, S 125.15. E 35. N 120.90, por
tion of lot 1.1. block <E. map Peralta Heights,
East Oakland: also lot on E line of Myrtle
street 103:6 SW of Fourteenth street (since
widening), S 40 by E 125, 'portion lot 9, block
B, ma? Oakland Central Homestead Associa
tion, Oakland; gift.
Jennie P. and B. W. Robson (husband) Sa
rah Caroline and I. Willard Bean (husband),
William J., Virginia. Emily C. and Victor H.
Metcalf to G. Mounlcot. lot on NE corner of
College and Vernon 3treets. N 345, E 535:10,
S 320, W 665:1%, lots 16 and 17 and 21 to 23,
map White Tract. Oakland; $10.
' Julia E., or Juliette, and Albert Chase to
Mabel G. Quayle Mitchel. lot on N line of Moss
avenue, 45:6 W of Ruby street, N 118:5, W
45, S 11:5, E 45:6, lot 45 and portions lots 42
and 44, map Oakland Railroad Homestead, be
tween Telegraph avenue and Broadway. Oak
land; $10.
Allen Corey Burdlck (single) to Mrs. Sarah
C. Cleveland (wife of J. A.) lot on W line of
Magnolia. 313 :« S of Twenty-sixth, S 50, W
133:3, N 50.. E 133:3 (133 3-13). portions lots 14
and 15, block Q, Boardman's map Northern
Extension of Oakland; $475.
Ellen G. Lafterty (Fisher) and Owen Laf
ferty (husband) to Sarah Jane Lafferty, lot 24,
block 8. Kellersberger's map. Oakland; gift.
. Lucinda Babbitt (widow). May B. Gilpin
(wife of Z. .T.) and Hattle. B. Owen (wife of
E. W.) to George Schmidt, lot on NW corner
of Onlverslty avenue and Sixth street, N 150,
W 100. S 50, E 25. S 100, E 75, block S6, map
Sisterna Tract, Berkeley: $10. --
. -Jane E. Myers (widow) to James P. Myers,
lot on NW corner Of Maple street and Pied
mont way, said'Doint on N Maple 597 E oi
College avenue, W 100 by N -134:2, lots 11 and
12, block A; map portion Prospect Hill Tract.
Berkeley; also lot on S line of Delaware street,
190 W of Walnut. W 53 by S 133.71. portion
lots 9 f.nd 10, block A, same map, Berkeley,
subject to morUage for $2000; $10. .
James H. and Lou Brooks (wife) to Wil
liam E. Rudell, lot on SE line of Twelfth ave
nue, 125 SW of East Sixteenth street, SW 25
by SE 100. block C6, Clinton, East Oakland;
$.10.
- Louts D. Reeb (single) to John Biller, lot on
SW line of Nineteenth street, 368.S7 N W of
Fourth avenue. NW 40 by SW 147.9, being the
SE 40 feet of lot IS. block B, map Peralta
Heights, East Oakland; $10.
Matthew Arnold (single) to M. E. Jaquillard
(feme sole), lot on S line of Simpson avenue
(now Twenty-third street), 650.90 TV of Tele
graph avenue, W 00 by S 106.33, lot 16, map
Simpson Tract. Oakland; $10.
John and Francisca Phillip to Manuel Var
gas, lot on W line of Helen or Morton street,
200 S of A or Thirty-second. S 25 by W 100,
portion lot 10. block U, map lands Peralta
Homestead Association: $100.
Antonio S. Sllva (single) to Frank and Emily
de Freltas. lot on N line of First street. 125
W of Webster, W 25 by N 100, lot 25, block
8, Kellersberger's Map, Oakland; $10.
Rodman B. and Hannah N. Ellison (wife) to
Jerry Teles, lot having frontage of 25 feet on
SE line of Vine utreet, being lot 36, block F.
map Melrose Station Trdct, Brooklyn Town
ship; $200.
James W. and Louisa M. Watson to Mar
gareta Elizabeth Anderson (wife of Edward),
lot on. N Jine of Blake street, 160 W of Mc-
Gee, W 40 by N 127. lot 14, block 2, map Case
Tract, etc., Berkeley; $10.
William H. and Ernest C. Webster and Nel
lie E. and Frank C. Clarke to Sarah A. Web
ster, lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 75 N of
East Twelfth, N 40 by W 125, East Oakland;
gift.
John Hagerty to Alice Ha^erty (wife), lot on
N line of Eighteenth street. ISO W of West.
W 25 by N luu. portion block S, map Barnes
Tract, being the E 25 by 100 feet of land de
scribed in 40 ii. 4C8, Oakland, quitclaim deecU
Alameda County.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Arthur and
Kate O'Leary, lot 3. bloak 4, Subdivision 1,
Castro-street Addition; $10.
Joseph W. Tharp to Amanda C. Tharp, lot
on-NW line of Loulsberg (Spring) - street, 178
NW of Mount Vernon avenue, NE-44 by NW
103:6, lot 14. San Miguel Homestead; gift..
Philip. William, Catherine. Thomas and Mar
garet Millerick to James Wyrsch, lot on NE
corner of Old Hickory and Gates streets. N 25
by E 70. lots 509, 511, 513, 515 and 517, Gifl
Ma? 2; $10. - ¦ -.
William and Aggie E.Corbin to Continental
Building and Loan Association, lot on SW line
of. Sixteenth avenue, 225 NW of P street, NW
25 by SW 100, lot 15, block 332. ffN. & H.
Tract; $10.
John T. Collins to Oscar Heym'an, lot 517,
Gift Map 1; $10.
Masonic Cemetery Association to Mrs." Annie
Beatty, lot In said cemetery: $360. •. . -'
Theodor and Sophie- Binner (by Lloyd E.
Comegys, commissioner) to J. E. Manetta, lot
on N line of K street. 70 E of Fourteenth ave
nue, E 25 by N iOO;. $316.- / ...
Solomon and Dora Getz to Richard B. Good,
lot on W line of Tenth avenue. 100 S of L
street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Frank
M. Greenwood, rerecord 1845 D. 2S3 and 1S52 D
84, lot on W line of Fourth avenue, 250 S of
Lake street, S 50 by W 120: also lot on N line
of Jackson street, 50 E of Maple, E 50, N 155.
thence W and S 5, S 50, S 155; also lot on E
line of Fourth avenue, 142 N of California
street, N 50 by E 120; $10.
Frank M. and Nellie Greenwood to' Henry W.
Applarlus, lot on W line of Fourth avenue, 250
S of Lake, S 25 by W 120; $10.
W. S. and Lucetta A. Spinney to Ada E.
Burnhelmer, lot on W line of Pennsylvania ave
nue, 175 N of Twenty-second (Sierra) street, N
25 by W 100; $10.
Real Estate and Development Company to
John and Catherine Mooney, lot on E line of
Missouri street. 150 N.of Eighteenth (Solano),
N 50 by E 100; grant.
Mary A. "Reardon to Thomas L. Henderson,
lot on NW line of Jessie street, 36tt NE of
Sixth, .NE 23 by NW 80; $10. ;
$ state and guardianship of Margaret A. and
Genevieve R. McShane, minors (by Catherine
E. Corrlgan, guardian) to Frank A. and Ange
lina Pinelll, lot on NE line of Boardman place,
225 NW of Brannan street. NW 25 by NE
117:6; $1500.
Same to Clarence W. Doane, lot on E line of
Hyde street, 103 :G N of Clay, N 34 by E 137:0;
$10. . . . .
Charles and Cordelia Le Gay to Susanna E.
Doane (wife Of Isaac Y.). lot on E line of Hyde
street, 68:9 N of -Clay. N 34:9 by E 137:6; $10.
Western Savings and Trust Company of San
Francisco (by Henry L. Davis, receiver) to
Charles Le Gay, lot on E line of Hyde street.
CS:9 N of Clay. N 68:9 by E 137:6; $1. r
Same 'to Clarence W. Doane. lot on E line of
Hyde street, 106:3 N of Clay. N 34 by E 137:6.
quitclaim deed; $1.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Susan
na E. Doane, lot on E line of Hyde street, CS:9
N of Clay. N 34:9 by E 137:6, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Amelia A. D. Kuhn to Maria Mascherini
(wife of Faust E.), lot on W line of Mason
street, 60 S of Greenwich, S 20 by E.68:3; $10.
Dorothea M. Klumpke to Henry B. Berry
man, lot on E line .of Drumm street, 100 N of
Jackson, N 20, E to East street, S 20, W to*e
ginnlng (State title); $350. \
Henry B. Berryman to R. Dunsmulr*s Sons
Company (corporattdn), same; $5.
¦ .: Mathias and Jeanette Meyer to- William II.
and Anna J. Morrissey. lot on Nllne of Array
street, 50 E of Dolores, E 24:10 by N 76; $10.
¦ Alpheus and Mary E. Duffee to James J.
Sullivan, lot on S line of Jersey street, 205 E
of Castro, E 25 by S 114; $2250.
Louis), lot on N Jine of Elizabeth street, 250 E
of Guerrero, N 28. E 100. S 28:3, W 87:7>A; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO; OALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 14; 1902^
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
E. Peterson (owner) with William L«tle
(contractor), architect T. Paterson Ross — Brick,
carpenter work, stairs, plastering, painting,
electric work and glass for a two-story frame
building (store and flat) on lot on E line of
Ninth street, 25 S of McLea- court, 20 by S3;
$3175. ¦-¦'¦¦-'.
Sherwood W. Fuller (owner) with Felrx Mar
cuse (contractor), architect none — All work for
a two-story frame building on "lot on 6 line" or
Frederick street, 53 :1& E of Clayton. E 25 by
8 106; 53438. ' • .
Builders' Contracts.
13
I REDUCED. I
[III GENUINE I
j For Sale by All Reliable Dealers. J
i $10.00 Per ton i
,,.. PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS. • .
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
'.{ no operation: -no detention from business; all
' 'private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free." Drs. Forden & Porterfield. 0 Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of flee and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. .
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073& Market.
SPECIAL NOTICES. V -¦:;'
NOTICE to hunters— For rent for hunting and
fishing. purposes, about 240 acres of tule
land on the Sacramento " River. Apply to
L. P. MARSHALL, Collinsville, Solano Coun-
ty. Cal. - ;
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
¦ city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 3-10: tel. 5580.
• STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.-, of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. -571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
- Mission st:;'tel. Howard »41. F. W. Zehfu*s.
BEKINS Van and Storage* Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates..
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
_TJ^P^V1^^RS_AND^SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS~_W~e
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53« California; telephone Main 260.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome
'^j*^3»^j^^;M»M^OjgRAPHiyG.
EXPERT typewiting, 4c folio: copies, 2c; mini-'
eor.raphing. 927 Markt, rm.305;. Howard 1539.
VITAOPATHY~ ~~
DO" yoif suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
ailments or trouble of any kind? .Try "Vlta-
opathy." ivan Mclaughlin, 1104 Mar-
ket. rooms 11 & 12; free treatment Wednes.
MABEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday : .
Martin Hunt, 28, 348 Fourth street, and
Mary Lyons, 2(5, 040 -Post street. -.-
i Harold K. Goldinz. 26. J)54 Pine str.eet, and
Lillian D. Mead, 19, 960 Oak street.
Will S. 'Gllniore, 26, 419 Devisadero street,
and Helen Kruse* 24, 3141 Twenty-third street.
Rosendo F. Muniz, 25, 535 Vallejo street,
and Fellcltas Navidad, ¦ 31, 535 Vdllejo street.
: Ellas' Leibovlch, 23, 247 Harriet- street, and
"Annie Rosen thai. .22, 1145 Harrison street.
Edward W. Davis, 20, 425 Seventh avenue,
and Millie I. Hardesty, 18, 425 Seventh ave-
Thomas A. Daffy, 21, city, and- Mary H. :
Sheridan. 18.? city. . .- » ' •.-»¦¦.¦.
John Tassett, 20, city, and Frances Hirsch,
18,. 1123 Broadway.
Michael F. Ernst, 29, city, and Laura B.
Long, 38, city. .
\ BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
i . ; T . ' ¦ ,
Birth, marrlase and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and ba
indorsed with the name and residence of- per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HARRIG.VN— In this city, June 13, 1002, tc
the wife of T. F. Harrisran, a son. •
LEWIN— In this city, June 8, 1902, to the wife
.of Marcus Lewln, a daughter. . •
WOLFE — In this city, ' June 12, 1902, to the
wife of S. F. Wolfe of Watsonville, Cal., a
¦ son. ¦• ¦ • :' -;¦ -.¦¦ ' . •¦ . ..
— — — _____________ __.
CLARK— ECKHARDT— In this city. ' June 8.
1902, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church, Wil-
liam W. Clark and 'Cornelia L. Eckhardt,
both of San Francisco. .
HEIMAN— HALLECK— In this city, June 12,
1902, by the Rev. Arthur H. Briggs, pastor
of Central. M. E. Church. William J. Heiman
of Pleasanton an5 Maud L. Halleck ol
Sightly, Wash. ¦
DIED. ~
Althof, Laura . McLellan, Elizabeth
Bowman, Gertrude Macpherson, Robert
Bruse, Caroline Marye, Mrs.
Cannon, Henry M. •- -¦ Mitchell, Ada ¦
Connor, May Montgomery. Aitken
Corr, Frank "Mullen, John H.
Cox, Nellie Nash, Mary J.
Daly, Maurice Nugent, Alameda B.
Douglas, D. C. O'Brien, Terence
Ewinir, Annie Pharo, Eunice B.
Ferral. Robert J. Reid, Hannah
•Furty; Delia . -«•« ' Schoeawald/ Paul v
Goldberg, Hannah - ; Smith, Leopold L. R.
Guenther. Carl B. ; -Vacckro. Agostino
,. Gunning. F. Marlon; Wall; Mary T.
' Hayward, Cassie" ' ;• Wilson, Agnes D.
ALTHOF— In Oakland;' June 12, ioO2, Laura,
.. beloved. wl(e -of Hermann Althof, a nativfl
of New "York.' aged -47 years and 21 days.
(_""Funeral services will be held Sunday.
..at 2 o'clock, at the family' " residence, D50
Linden street. Oakland. Interment private.
. Kindly omit flowers.
BOWMAN— In this city, June 13, 1902, Ger-
trude Bowman, daughter of J. and E. Bow-
man, a native of San Francisco, aged _0
years and 3 days.
G7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ' services
Sunday, June 15, 1902. at 3 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1620 Post street, thence to
'Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BRUSE — In this city, June 12, 1902, Caroline,
beloved M wlfe of the late Christian Brus?,
beloved, mother of Fred. Minnie, Harrv. and
Elsie Bruse, and sister of Henry Muller,
Mrs. William Slerks, Mrs. H. Hohn, Mane
Muller and Detlef Muller of Stockton and
the late Mrs. Lebmann of Stockton, a na-
tive of Dellstedt. Holsteln. Germany, aged
41 years 2 months and 22 days.
ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1512 Leavenworth street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CANNON — In this city, June 12, 1002, Henry
Maurice Cannon (Fat Man), dearly beloved
- husband of- Julia Cannon, a" native of Ger-
many, ' aged 52 years 4 months and 12 days.
A member of California Schuetzen Club.
'' "ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors cf
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. •
CONNOR— In . this city, June 13, .1902, May,
beloved daughter of Patrick and Mary Con-
nor, a native of San Francisco, aged 11 years
¦ and ,<i months. ! ¦
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday}, Irom the residence of her parents,
*5S HaiKht street. Interment private • Holy
Cros3 Cemetery. ' ¦
CORR— In this city. June 12, 1902, Frank
. Corr, beloved, father of Nellie, Josle and
.' Barney Corr, a native of Ireland, aged 50
years. . .
E?Friends end acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
. lors of McGinn Bros., . 224-22C McAllister
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. r
COX— In this f clty, June 12, 1902, Nellie Cox
; a native of Ireland, aged 62 years. ¦ '
DALYt— In this city, June ia. 1902 Maurlre
beloveG husband of Mary Daly (nee Buck
• ley); father of James, Margaret and the late
Nora -A. and Cecelia Daly, brother of Thomas
'Daly, and brother-in-law' of Mrs: B Dinan
. and . George Manning, a native of County
Qork, Ireland, aged 33 years. y
THE members of San Francisco Council No
7. Y. M. hi are hereby notified to attend the
>.funteral -of our -deceased brother Mnnri,-,.
Daly, at his late residence, 1703 Grove street
Sunday, June 15, 1902, at 12 o'clock sharp,'
Fines for non-attendance will be strictly
enforced. By order of "»-."f
. S. A. -WHITE, President
GEORGE M. KELLY. Secretary '
DOUGLAS— In this city, June 10 190" • D C
. Douglas, a native of Ohio, aged 33 years* '
EWING— In this. city, June 12. 1902 Annie
beloved daughter of John and Annie Fwin?
-and. sister of John. Daniel. James, Robert
. and Katie Ewine, a native of San Fran-
cisco. , ¦ -. .- -. , .......
C^Frienda and accualntances are resnori
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ to-dav
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S14 McAllister street, thence to S-
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
'.hlghjma.ss Will be. celebrated for the reDore
of her soul,- commencing, at 9:30 o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERRAL — Entered Into rest, in New Vnri,
,'PUy,,-I"J'.e-7. 1902 Robert J, Ferral, beloved
son of Robert apd Frances. G. Ferral a. na-
- tlve of San Francisco, axed 21 years' *•
' cyFrlend* and acquaintances are resn«rt
fully i nvited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, at 2 o'clock, at the family residence
85C Halght street. Interment Cypress Lawn
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
... (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher i
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
s .20 . Fif ta^ «t., opposite Lincoln School. \
..-. y ., Telephone South 80. ¦
Mt ¦;,'¦ Olivet; Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office; 916: Market Street.
.•''.' .' ,. Telephone Bush . 367. :
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
'.'-' Eaniuel Mct'adden, IS years ¦ manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 10
years; P. F.* Green,' late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at' 1171 Mission St., between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone . South 44. "
REAL STATE— CIT 'Y—~ FO R SALES.
FOR SALE BY THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
1 $25,000 — North side of street in one of ths
most aristocratic portions of the city; fine
large residence with about 14 rooms, btlhs,
.etc.; street work all done; close to well culti-
vated rublic square.
$13,oOO — Webster St., close to Pacific
Heights; 2-story house, together with attic
and basement; lower floor has reception hall
And dining-room (finished in cak). living icom
• finished In curly redwood, beamed ceilings und
hardwood floors); billiard-room, -kitchen and
butler's pantry: three large bedrooms on sec-
ond floor, 4 bedrooms in attic; basement has
stcteroom (fitted with bottle racks), laundry,
furnace; heater throughout house; good r.tlgh-
lorhooa; street work all done. • • •
$12,000 — O'Farrell street, on north side, ever
50 feet front, with good 1 -story and bas»ment
louse covering part of lot; fine lot for large
home or would pay splenaidly with first-class
flats; th:s place can be either an investment
or a home.
$11.000 — Sacramento st. ; 2-story house, con-
taining 9 rooms and bath, together with base-
ment; n-->rtl. side of street; basement has
cement floor and plastered ceiling; street
bituminteed, artificial .stone sidewalk; 50 feet
front. *v
$9250 — Laguna st.; In best portion; 26 feet
front; 2-story house, containing 12 rooms, 2
taths; modern plumbing, furnace; thoroughly
modern and In .fine order; also has finished
attic and basement; a key lot and gets lots
of sun. ,
SftOOO— Washington st.. north side, close to
Alta plaza: very good 2-stDry and basement
residence; built about four years: house has
S rooms and' bath; attic full length of house;
entire basement has concrete, flooring: street
bituminized and accepted by the city; cars
on both Jackson and Clay sts.; first-class
neighborhood.
$K2oo — Fine Presidio Heights residence with
lot 27 feet front; house contains 14 rooms, to-
gether with attic and basement: everything
ln modern and , first-class style ; neighborhood
a rapidly improving one; good surroundings;
convenient to car lines.
S. L. COOKE..26 Montgomery sL.J. L. COOKE
San Francisco «.
...Great Bargains, Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
An sizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity.
Secure a home.
Special Bargains Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can get It cheap.
Leave your address with me
and I win find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will
purchase you a home.
Don't forget to call on or
address J. L. COOKE. " r^
26 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
Cut this out and save address. .
XEW cottage residence, 5 sunny rccms. bath-
rtom. butler's pantry, large basement; on
sunny tide of street; lot 25x107:6; pretty ma-,
rine view; stone pavement; street bitumlnlz-'
ed; a few steps from cable cars; fine loca-
tion, near Broderick; everything rented as
6oon as built; new houses going up all
around and property changing hands fast at
advancing prices; only S575- down and easy
installments; j>riee $3175; will take a lot
as part payment. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st.. Savings Union building, bet.
Montgomery and Kearny.
A MODERATE-PRICED residence wantel to
purchase; north of Broadway, between Scott
and Franklin. W. J. GUNN. 530 California
Ft.. Savings Union building.
LOTS wanted to purchase: north of Vallejo, I
from Van Ness ave. to Lyon. W. J. GUNN. :
MO California st.. Savings Union building, ;
between Montgomery and Kearr.y sts.
$6750 — AT a sacrifice; corner lot and Improve-
ments; on 13th st., near Folsom; -consisting
of store, flats and two 2-story .houses; eize
of lot 50x80: renting low for $58: can b? In-
creased to $75. ' Apply R. McCOLGAN l 24
Montgomery St.. room 3.
YOU will never secure a suburban home In
sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now: cot- ]
tages and building lots at a barealn. THIS- 1
TLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View. i
$50— FRONT ft. 35x120; XV, blocks from ],ark
entrance; north «ide. Address box 1023, Call.
$1500 — COTTAGE 4 rooms and lot; Mail Dock.
Box 4621. Call office.
$1700 — COTTAGE 8 rooms, barn; marine view.
HAYES, corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
$2200— TWO flats, near Mail Dock. HAYES,
i corner Greenwich and Hyde 6ts.
FOR sale — Just completed, elegant 7-room cot-
tage. San Jose ave., opp. Valley st.
POIXT RICIIMOXD) REAL ESTATE.
CTTY~OF^lCHMOjrrX r "~
CITY OF RICHMOND.
The coming city of the West, situated on the
east side of San Francisco Bay, adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminus "of the Santa
I Fe and- Southern Pacific R. R. Cos.. location
of the Standard Oil Co.'s refineries and Union
1 Iron Works. -Thousands of men will be em-
ployed. Think what the City of Richmond !
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to invest? Do you want to make
moi-ey? Don't hesitate while you have the
chnnce to buy lots in the City of Richmond.
FROM $380 UP.
S25 DOWN. $5 PER MONTH. .
SEE THESE LOTS!
Prices will advance July 1. -
I Streets graded and macadamized.
1 Electric R. R. franchise passes through the
! property.
Railroad Depot at each end of tract —
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
Send for official map; mailed free.
RICHMOND LAND CO. Cine).
Room 182. -Crocker building, S. F.
JtE>jO^REAJL ESTATE.
R. d. cranston'&^ons'"™! -—•'<——
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
RENO LOTS RENO
$75 ...; TO ...:..... $400
In the choicest section of the city of Reno,
Nev. One of the most progressive and prom-
ising cities of the West. Each lot has a
frontage of 50 feet ajid an average depth of
140 feet. The best opportunity ever offered
for small Investments. A chance to double
your /noney ln one year. Andrew Carnegie
has recently given Reno a free library to
cost $15,000. and by an act of Congress a
public building and a new courthouse are ti
be built. The Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany's new shops are 'also going to Reno
Lots going like hot cakes. Ge£ yours now
For further particulars apply to
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS,
/ 114 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.'
WANTED — To rent a ranch on shares In coast
county; not far from schoolhouse; will pay
cash for necessary stock, eeed and farming
tools. Address Farmer, box 371. Call office.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley
Ads. R. dark. Agua Callente. Sonoma Valley'.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, rent or exchange — An elezant 8-
room modern house, all conveniences; fine
corner lot; best locality; a great bargain;
$4000. :
Must be sold; a large 8-room house: lot 60x
150; near Chestnut st. station. See the above
thi« week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park «t.. Alameda.
MODERN cottage or 5 large rooms and bath,
mantel, hall. 7-foot basement, good' brick
foundation, fruit trees and fine lawn; corner
lot, 56x125; street work all done and stone
walks laid; sunny frontage; choice location.
For particulars apply to owner, 1925 Park st.
Alameda. ¦ .
$350— LOT 40x108. near Park «t.; will furnlslC
lot and build 5-room 1*6 story cottage on
came for $lS00. J H. YOUNG builder
1243 Park st.. Alam^a .
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR rent, furnished or unfurnished, for term
not less than one year. 10-room house; mod-
ern Improvements; sunny location- unfur-
nished $35. 1448 Caroline &t.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— An offer; splendidly built hous«
of 12 rooms; cemented basement; large attic-
house cost $9000; 1 year old; lot 70x160; must
be sold.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Berkeley station.
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc; easy payments. MURDOCH. 514 Pine!
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAAD ROOMS.
TO let— 3 sunny unfurnished room* for house-
keeplng. Apply 1307 E.llth St.. Oakland.
OAKLASD FPRMTURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this lnonthT'_/
ECHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
' . Cemetery, by : electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets. • • . » . j " >,-
FUREY— In this city, June 12, 1002, Delta,, be-
'.' loved wife of Terrence Furey, and mother of
; Harry, : John,/ Terrenqe, Joseph and . Edwin
.Furey and Mrs. Agnes Wessllng, a native of
County Ko.scomnion, Ireland, aged 73 years.
. .(Madison. Wis., and Portland, Or., papers
please copy.) v. : .•
1 tt^The funeral will take place to-day
.^Saturday),- at 8:30 . o'clock, from her latt
(residence, 13 Douglass street.' thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul- at 9 o'clock. . - Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦„ < '. -;
GOLDBERG — In this city, June 12, 1902, Han-
1 nah. beloved wife of Max Goldberg, and de-
voted mother of Garrett, Reuben, Walter and
Lillian Goldberg, a native of New York, ageti
44 years and 8 months. •
E7"Frlend3 are invited to attend the fu-
nsral services Sunday,' June 15, 1902, at 10
o'clock, at her late residence, 1288 McAllis-
ter ' street, thence to Third and'Townsend
streets by 11:30 o'clock train. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery; .
GUENTHER — In this city, Carl Bruns, be-
!. loved husband of Charlotte Guenther, • a na-
Ji tlve of CIra, Germany, • aged 42 years 7
' months and 2 days.
E5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 14, 1002, at 2 o'clock, from Leitch's un-
dertakinsr parlors, corner Eighth street and
..Broadway, Oakland. Interment Mountain
¦ View,. Cemetery. : - .
GUNNING— In this city, June 12, 1902 F.
Marlon, dearly beloved daughter of John and
Regina Gunning, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 7- months. ' : -.
ICrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend • the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from' the resi-
dence of the parents, 457 Tenth street, j In-
. terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAYWARD— In this city, June 12, 19C2, Ca»-
sle Hayward, dearly beloved mother of
. James, Mary. Cassle, Edna and George Hay-
ward and Mrs. L. C. Gregory, a of
. St. Johns, New Brunswick.
tC^The funeral will take jplace to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock/ from hep late resi-
dence, 81» Polk street, thence to St. Mary'«
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 :30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth, and Guerrero streets.
Friends are Invited to attend. . .
McLELLAN — In Steee, Contra Costa County,
June Mi,, 1902, Elizabeth Jane, wife of B. B.
•McLellan, a native of Vermont, aced (50
• years and 5 months.
MACPHERSON— In this city, June 11, 1902.
Robert Comstbck Macpherson, dearly" beloved
husband: of Cordelia L. Macnhexson, and
. father of Mrs. L.' A. Steiger and Blanche E.
and Grace L. Macpherson, a native or Buf-
falo, N. Y., aged- 63 years 1 month and *i
days. ¦ . .
C^Funeral services will be held to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 900 Broderick street, corner McAllls-
• ter. Funeral and interment strictly private.
MARYE — In this city, June 9, 1902, . at .the
residence ot Christian Reis, - ; 835 California
street, Mrs. Marye, widow of the late George
T. Marye, and mother of Colonel W. A.
Marye, U. S..A., and Mr.. George T. Marye
Jr., a native 0? Baltimore, Md. (Richmond,
Va., and Baltimore pacers please copy.)
ICyNotlce of funeral hereafter. ' ' -
MITCHELL— In this city, June 13, 1002, Ada,
beloved, wife of W. W. Mitchell, and mother
of Walter, Robert and Alice Mitchell, a na-
tive of California-, aged 40 years 8 months
and 6 days. (Los Angeles and Sacramento
papers please copy.) . ¦ .. . .
ICTFriends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1521 Vi Market street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
MONTGOMERY — In this city, June 12. l»02,
Aitken Montgomery, beloved husband of Han-
nah JMontiroinery, and loving father of Mrs.
Annie Muir and Mrs. Florence Rlngen, a na-
tive of GlasBrow, Scotland, aged 70 years 2
months I and 25 days." A member of Unity
Lodge No. ,27, A. O. U. W., and of Triumph
Legion No. 1, Select Knights of America.
C_*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. June 15, 1902, at 2:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, S01 Bay street, corner Hyde.
Interment Laurel HIU Cemetery.
MULLEN— In Oakland, June 11.. 1902, John
H. Mullen, beloved husband of Mollle Mul-
len, -and brother of Mrs. G. Selft, Mrs. G.
F. Taylor and Daniel Mullen, a native of
Salem. Washington County, N. Y., aged A'i
• years- 1 month and e days.
_*" Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 14, 1902, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
Residence, 1179 Sixteenth avenue, comer of
Fifteenth street, thence to St. Anthony's
fj Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
NASH — In Oakland. June 13, 1902, Mary Jane,
beloved wife of Jonathan M. Nash, a native
of Pr'nce Edward Island, aged 72 years 5
months and 1 day. . :¦•:
NUGENT— In. Haywards. June 13. 1902, Ala-
meda B. Nugent, wife of Hugh Nugent, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 73 years 8
-months and, 21- days.-- ><• . ; -•-,-¦¦
¦'• ILJ*" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral at the
Haywards Congregational Church, Sunday,
at 1:30 o'clock. Interment private. •
O'BRIEN— In this city.' June 13, 1902, Terence
O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged CO years.
E7Kemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission streetl Notice of
fureral hereaf ter>--. . • .- '¦ . ' - ¦ ¦ •¦ ¦
PHARO — In Oakland, June 11," 1902. Eunice
B., beloved wife of Joel H. Pharo. and
mother of Isaac F. Pharo, Mrs. John A.
Hyde and Joseph A. and James E. Pharo, a
native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 72 years 2
months and 11 days.
j E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 15. at 2 o'clock, from Brooklyn Pres-
byterian . Church, corner Twelfth avenue and
East Fifteenth street. East Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery,. Oakland.
REID— In San Leandro, June 12, 1902, Han-
nah Reid, beloved mother of Mrs.' Celestlne
Sllva, Emma McKenile and William' J. and
Charles Reid, 'a native of Llveroool, Eng-
land, aged 64 years and 4 months.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, June lii, at 2 o'clock, at the Pres-
byterian Church. Interment San Lorenzo
Cemetery.
SCHOENWALD— In this city, June 11 1902
at his residence, 2221 Geary street, Paul
Schoenwald, beloved son of Louise and the
late Albert. Schoanwald, , a - native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 8 months and 22
days. . . ¦ ..
IT7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, rrom Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason\ street,' where services .will
he held under the auspices of Pacific Parlor
No. 10. N. S. G. W. Interment I. O. O, F.
Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. June 13, 1002, Leopold L.
R. Smith, a native of Dalesford, Australia,
aged 28 years 4 months' and 2 days.
VACCARO — In Ukiah, Cal.. June 13. 1902,
AKostino, dearly beloved husband of Rosa
' Vaccaro. and loving father of Victor. En-
rico and Rosallna Vaccaro and Mrs. Mary
Schivo. a native of Italy, aged 56 years I
month and 3 days. (New York and Phila-
delphia papers please copy.)
WALL — In this city, June 13, 1002. Mary T.,
• beloved dauehter of John and Mary Wall,
v ajid sitter of Florence V. and John M. Wall.
a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years 10
months and 27 days."
CTTrlends and acquaintances are'respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her. parents, 14% Decatur street, thence to
St.- Jcseph's Church for services^ Interment
I Holy Crors . Cemetery. * .
WILSON— In this city, June 13. 1902. Agnes
D. Wilson, daughter of the late Marcillna
Baraty, ! a native of Mexico, aged 39 years.
• cyFriends and acquaintances are resoect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
June 15, 1902. at 1. o'clock, from the parlors
of J. . S. G.>deau, 305 . Montgomery avenue,
thence to French Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery;- . " . ¦
,_J«Sl^LJ^*^E^VS--^R^ALn.
B 9i^ Eri6> •'nsines. 2d-hand machinery McInT
TOSH & AVOLPMAN'. 105-f*T Fremont «..
TEXTS— TENTS— TENTS. ~~~
.750 to 100c new *md second-hand tents to rent
and for pale. Apply ROSS McMAHON's
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 2CS Dtumm.
r-*- — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinerv cn"l
Sines, toilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*
. _rtc^ WH1TELAW, 253-2S5 Spear st. "
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments; billiard
an>l poo) tables; <>asy term*? or rented The
EC\ unswick-Balke-Collender Co.. «52 Mission.
— 'jew and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos
motors, pumps, wood and iron workinc ma.
chim-ry. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale °tf
AN ideal rampins wagon tor tale at 13"° r»*-
\isadero tt. "
rpR SALE— Horey bees. 230 Lee avenue.
* : ™ 1 £ ES - boiI f r | 2 - T l| > tnes - r'^nprs. second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
"^P^^SfJS?*; a I. half P«** or for rent. PL
E. SKINNER & CO.. 416 Market st.
SECOND-HAND lumber. Fasr.es. blinds, doors
and torioks for sale. Valencia st.. cor. 15th.
B bake^T^Tmilton. 18 carrled ln stock -
Edison phonographs, records, supplies moyln?
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE ?ngines. all *izes. new and 2d-band
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 4(i Fremont st.
94£f£ri&*Z an4 second-hand. The HEr"-
MAN SAFECO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
FOR 2<3-hand machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMasters. SE. cor. 2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, eoid. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market ft.
•MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. Bl'LLARD & BRECK. 131 Post 6t.
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln th«
1 nited States or Canada one year for $1,
T*wta.gf raid.
MISCELLA\EOrS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Oifice. 25 Stockton St.; phene Bush 4S*.
WANTED— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes,
any condition. Farnsworth Electrical W_.
1S5 Jessie st. * !
I WILL pay good cash prices for old. sealskins •
tend postal: will ca!l. Box 4900. Call office.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stonei
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St. '
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
MINES A N D MINING.
6_ALL gold mine, with mill; will pay from
the etart; only small capital required: easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. 137
Moctgcrcery et.. S. F.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET. !
LARGE ttore with high basement, fronting on
2 Fts.: below Kearny st. 636 Clay St., room 1.
PALMISTRY.
—ME. G. L. N EERGAARD^reads T^Tt 700
Post rt.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
M. JEROME FOEELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor Et.. bet. Geary and Post:tel.Black 561.
PERSONALS.
IF you hair is falling, send for DR. G S
i MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer the only
remedy known to step fcair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads-. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
cf th« world; call or send for circular DP
__G. S. MOORE. 332 OTam-il St.. S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
115; with these EUits we make an extra, pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. _ LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
LADIES — Come where you cet real bargain" •
stylishly trimmed hats. 51 up; fine Tuscan
straws. 45c; trimmings sold at cost; hats
trimmed, 2oc; pressed and cleaned, 2J»c. New
_ 'store. 23S 4th Et., bet. Howard and Folsom.
ELECTRIC light ln every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. neac Market; 700 rooms
£5c to fl 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tb* ferry.
FREE, curt for stomach and bowel trouble;
—ore like a _iracle than a medicine Is what
curefl people say. Address REUNER GOU-
LET, Sacramento. CaL
FIRST-CLASS hair goods only; switches and i
v.-igs; hair dressing. 25c; shampooing; 60c;
n™«»rin£. 25c Xi. LEDEilEB, „ tHock-
A— WHAT do you think? O BERMAN 48 I
Eliis. makes colored ehlrts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HOMi: treatment for mothers and daughters;
booklet free. The VIAVI CO.. 2304-6-S Van
Nt£s ave.. San Francisco; phone East 282.
SEI.'NTCENNESS. morphine and all drug dis-
«>_es positivelr cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1S3& Polk St., S. F. ; consultation free.
WHITE tnarael irca beds, single three-quarter
cr double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING \
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway. 1
SENSATIONAL— Book for men; amusing tny>- j
tlfying. instructive. Two cents for postage *s«- |
cures oce. WUliamB & Co.. 140 Geary rt... S.F. j
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & P.OMAN'S. Fifth and Market et*.
NOW ready— June etyles Standard Patterns;
til the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market Et.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trouse— at CHARLES LTONS". London
tailor. 721 Market fft.
_0XEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver.
filamcnas,' pearls and precious ctone.s bought
et W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth rt.
LIQUOR habit — A new, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patieDt, Ad-
— eeg P. O. box C52, Ean Jose. Cal.
ECPERFLL'OUS hair *.nd mcles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hat*. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery fit.
DIVINE HEALER SCHRADER can be seen'
daily at 51S Eliis Ft.; ground floor.
ANDERSON, theatrical coetumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades supplied. 20 O'Farrell.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
yeare' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna 6t.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Sold by A' VIP A CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. l»th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.42C Butter.
RUPTURE cured: no operation, oaln or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 &0; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Cloth in* Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC needle enecialist: miperfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mre.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Sirs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 253.
SUPERFLUOUS hair ana moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market
ALKREDUMS E«ryptlan Henna: restore* eray-
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURS
!2£tantly: 10c ar.d 25c AH drutrgiets.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C- H. ROWAN'. North Milwaukee, Wis.
MASQUERADE costume?, play books, wlc«;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
UR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of JEAN*
BAPTISTE LEBLANC. also called J. B. LE-
L'LANC. deceased. Notice _ hereby given by
th« unaer^igned. JOHN FARNHAM. Admin-
istrator of the Estate of JEAN BAPTISTE |
LEBLANC. also called J. B. LEBLANC, de-
ceased, to the creditors of, and all persons
having ciaimj; against the said deceased, to
exhibit them with the necessary vouchers,
within four months after the first publlca-
• tion of this notice, to the said administrator
st room 7M. Chronicle Building, the same be-
ing his place for the transaction of ' the busi-
ness of the said *-stat.e ln the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco. State of California.
JOHN FARNHAM, Administrator of the Es-
tate of JEAN BAPTLSTE LEBLANC. also
called J, B. LEBLANC. Deceased.
Dated et Kan Francisco. May 81. 1902.
FRANK McGOWAN, Attorney for Admin-
istrator. Rooms 75. 79 and 80. Chronicle
Building. i.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— E*tate~of ANNA"
STEIN, also called ANNA EMILIE STEIN,
deceased. Notio= is hereby given by the un-
dersigned, JOHN FARNHAM, Administrator"
of the Estate of ANNA STEIN, also called
ANNA EMILIE STEIN, deceased, to the
creditors of. and all tjersons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers, within four
months after the first publication of this no-
tlct- to the raid Administrator. *t room 70,
Chronicle Building, the same being his place
for the- transaction of the business of the said
ectate in the City and County of San Fran-
' Cisco. State of California. JOHN FARN-
HAM. Administrator of the Eetate of ANNA
6TEIN. also called ANNA EMILIE STEIN.
«Jecease<l.
Dated at San Francisco. May 31, 1902.
CARLTON W. GREEN. Attorney for Ad-
ministrator. Rooms 76 and 79,' Chronicle
BullCiag.
REAL ETSTATE— COUXTR Y— For Sale
-FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO -
Small tracts, $(J0 to ?90 per acre, on Rancho
Cctatl, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
it The Cotatl Co., 302 California st., for
. pamphlets and information. '• *»• - •
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties; land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg.,
San Francisco.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber, mines. EMMONS & SON, Mills bldg.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
list of bargains In fruit and chicken ranches.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market
j ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and. pleasant home for housekeeping;
euite nf furnished sunny rooms; all complete :
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts. ' . y - -.
BIRCH ave.. CIS, bet. Laguna and Buchanan —
$7; 3 housekeeping rooms.. ..
ELLIS. C51 — 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms
to let.
FELL, 222—4 neatly furnished rooms, $22.
FILLMORE. 2219, near Clay — 5 sunny fur-
nished rooms; bath; nice yard; housekeeping.-
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1202— Four furnished
rooms, first floor; gas range; laundry.
HARRISON, 731— FoSr rooms furnished for
housekeeping; $16; bath. . ¦ •
RINCON place, 28, eff Harrison, bet. First and
Second— 2 sunny furnished front rooms, with ;
use of kitchen, for man and wife or 2 gentle-
men: view of bay.
ROOMS for housekeeping; reasonable. Apply
514 Minna et., near Sixth.
STEINER, 1433 — Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping. /
STOCKTON, 1206— Model house; newly fur-
nished: gas, bath and sunny; front and house-
keeping.
TAYLOR, 24«, cor. Ellis— 3 sunny connecting
housekpg. & single rms.; phone Howard 1777.
TEHAMA, 44 — Two front housekeeping rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, near Dolores — i nice
rooms complete.
VAN NESS ave,, *02 — Entire upper flat; 3
. rooms; neatly furnished; gas stove; bath. )
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
If-ncla st. .
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unf urn.
ANGELUS. .NOW OPEN
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms- and suites ; marine view. 530
Stockton st., bet. -Bush ahd Pine. \
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNS WICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 por night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night..
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
F'fth St.); rooms 25c. 50c. $l.*$1^50 night.
$1 50 to $10 per week; house open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No.. 1364)-^Fur-
nished'rms., suites, single; also unfurnished..
CLIFFORD; 204 Ellis, cor. Mason—Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY.- 118 — Sunny nice furnished front, suite;
cheap; other rooms, $«> to $8 month;. no trans.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 00 night; $1 60, $6 week; open all night
FOLSOM, 820, near 4th— $1: per week, furnished
rooms.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 weefc; reading room.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— Furniah-
cd rooms, $5 per month.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; dec, lights; day, week, mo. '
O'FARRELL. 402. corner Taylor — Nice sunny
suites or in single; running water.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par- j
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 CO; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
. floor; rooms with hot and cold. water; baths..
SEVENTH,; 28 — Nicely furnished, rooms. -$12, 1
$10. $6; also housekeeping. — •.
SEVENTH. 145 — Nicely furnished pleasant'
room, suitable for 2, $S; gentlemen; no sign.
SHERMAN" . Apartment House; 28 Eighth St.,
near. Market— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 023. bet. Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth — 3 rooms; bath' and 4 closets.
STOCKTON. 603 — Nice sunny furnished rooms,
single suite; aleo housekeeping rooms. -
TAYLOR. 238 — Newly furnished house; ele-
gant sunny front rooms, $10 up; also beau-
tiful housekeeping suite.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. •
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new, strictly
' modern, first-class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises: electric lifint and elevator: private
baths; single and suits; hot and cold
water; eteam heat; telephones on every floor.
THE McALLJSTER. SOS Van Nets ave.; jus;
opened; elesantly furnished suite or ' single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny front suite;
piano; every convenience; references. 316
Eddy st.
CALIFORNIA. 607 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH," 312 Eddy St.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices.
LAMBOURNE. 42» Eddy — High-class house;
furnithed suites or tingle; steam heat.-- . - 1
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
I suites; single rooms: first-clao tahl(» board.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
A DROP-HEAD SEWING MACHINeT$16"so!
$10 50 buys new improved drop-head; -oak
woodwork; improved attachments; agency for
all the leading sewing machines; phone How-
ard 3264. 145 Sixth st.
ALL kinds bought, sold rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
SUMMER .RESORTS. ™~~
$8^5^tr"cru2"coUageTT7T; nr." beach? depoY;
60 ft. HAYES, cor. Greenwich and Hyde.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted— Notice It hereby given that
•ealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13. 820 Sansome st..
Ban Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.
SATURDAY, June. 14, 1902, and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering, quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
trans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvtlle), for six months, commend n»
July 1. 1002, and ending December 31 1902
Schedules with information and instructions
lor submitting bids will be furnished upon
application. by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow, the conditions of the sched-
. ules, and no bid will be considered unless it U
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certltled
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of th«
amount 'of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a coed and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. Tha
• board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
cf Directors of» the Veterans' Home of Call*
fornla, room 13, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of. Direct-
ors. ,J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
SAN FRANCIsdO, Cal., Juno 10, l»02 — Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received heru
until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, June- 20, 1002
and then opened,, for Grading. Building
Roads, Drains, etc.. at Fort Rosencrant,
Cal. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids, in. whole. or in part.
Preference Klven to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding ln the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being, equal, and such
preference given to articles of American pro- -
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex.
tent of consumption required by the pubiio
eervice there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to D, D. WHEELER, Deupty Quar-
termaster General, Chief Q. M. . "
OFFICE of C- Q. M., . Vancouver Barracks'
Wash.. May 30, 1902. — Sealed proposals ln
triplicate, will be received at the office of
the Deoot Quartermaster, Portland, Oregon,
until 2:30 p. m.. June 19, 1902, and then
opened, for tbe construction of a steamboat
, ln < accordance with the plans and specifica-
tions on file ln the Depot Quartermaster's
Office at P«Ptland, where full Information'
will be furnished. , Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked: "Proposals for
Steamboat," and addressed W. A. BETHEL,
Q. M. ••..-. . .;¦ .¦..-:¦More than one hundred careless drivers
have been arrested on Market street dur
ing the past week for disobeying the
speed ordinance at crossings. Chief Witt
man Instructed Captain Spillane of the
Southern sta on. to have all patrolmen
keep a sharp lookout for offending per
sons and wholesale arrests have been the
result. Yesterday, a chauffeur pivlng his
name 'as H. B. Taylor was arrested for
whirling his automob'le along at too
great a rate of speed. Ho was taken to
the Southern police station and released
on depositing $10 cash bail.
Careless Drivers Arrested.
Voorman Estate Is Appraised
j-iiu- icpun ui me appraisers appointed
ic aetermine the vaJue of the estate left
by the late Henry Voorman was filed
yesterday, showing: that the capitalist
left property worth $62S,6S1 95. The estate
consists of $73 429 in cash, promissory
Jiotes for $46.3^9. stocks and bonds worth
57? ,273, real estate worth $30,740. and stock
in the \ oorman Company, worth $407 ICO
Among- the promissory notes Is one for
540,000 t^curod by a mortgage on property
in San Rafael owned by Mary E. von
Xo. C. Gilroy— Mrs. R. ntzferald. Mrs. R.
21. Ryan, Mrs. T. Klckham, Miss K. Cullen.
No. 7. Stockton — Mrs. D. R. Laoger. Mrs. J.
J. Xunau, Mrs. M. Kellman, Mies M. Daley.
Ko. S, San Francisco — Mrs. T. Peckham
Miss J. Mitchell. Mrs. M. Fortune, Miss M
fchelly.
No. 0. Berkeley— Mrs. J. F. Elwell, Mrs. J.
JDoran.
No. 10. San Francisco — Mrs. M. Byrne. Miss
K. LHllon.
No. 11, San Francisco — Miss M. Spilman
Jilts M. Garety. Miss K. Tully, Mrs. E O'NelL
No. 13, Santa. Cruz— Miss A. McSweenev
2&J: J ' Dorn> Ml£S M - McAvoy - M «- j ;
No. 1?. San Francisco— Miss F. Graves Mrs
C. Hagan.
No. 19, San Francisco — Miss E. Fitzpatrick
Sirs;. 5. J. \Vhite. '
No. 20. San Francisco — Mrs. II. J. Gallagher
Sirs. C. Galvin. Miss B. Deane. Miss K. SuddIc'
No. 21. Hollister— Mrs. L. W. Dice. Mrs i"
Dooling. Mrs. M. J. Brefn. Miss M. Sullivan '
No. -22. Santa Rosa— Mrs. J. Ketgan. Mrs
P \- To^ y '^ lrs - , M - Sar^ant. Mrs. A. Heal^v.
¦»^°\r^ Mrs - °;, A - Kenniff - M rs. M. Smith,
JIiss M. Nunan. Mrs. F. Rajo.
Grand officers — Past presidents. Mrs Mar
Caret Deane. Miss Julia H. Weber; grand presi
dent. Miss Mary Carr: grand senior vice presi
dent. Miss MarceMa Fitzgerald; junior erand
vice president. Mrs. E. J. Thomas; grand sec
retary and treasurer. Miss Mary ConUn; grand
Mi.-;s Mary Atkinson; grand djrecforl-
JJiEs M. Carr, Miss M. Flynn. Miss E. Horn
Mrs. A. Humphreys. Mrs. J. J. Nunan MNs
A. O-Leary, Mrs. M. Moore, Mrs. O'SCarvH
I)r K. Lynch. Mrs. William Toner. Mrs M
r:i.:' ...
The total amount disbursed in ca=h nro
v ISI ,°^ s^ m = edicine - fuel and new clothing
by the different branches during the past
June months was $4739 14 p
No. o. Alameda — Mrs. M. T. Halton.- Miss
M. Robjiifcou, Mrs. V. G. de Lorme, Miss M.
The fifteenth Grand Council of the Cath
olic Ladles* Aid Society will open next
Tuesday at Santa Maria del Mar, Santa
Cruz, with solemn high mass. The society
is one of the bestrftnown charitable organ
izations in the State and has always been
conspicuous for its efficient work among
the poor and needy. The members meet
at Santa Cruz each year to make arrange
ments for conducting^and extending their
good work. Following are the names of tlie
delegates elected from the different
branches of the society:
branch Xo. 1. Oakland— Miss E. McLaren,
Miss K. Mahcr, Mrs. »S. Coleman, Miss> J.
Ncsbitt.
». 2. £an Francisco — Miss A. O'Dwyer, Mrs.
T. Pendergast. Miss SL Monahan, Mrs. M. F.
Griffin.
Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety to Meet in An
nual Session.
WILL CONVENE
AT SANTA CRUZ
A list of the newest books will be mailed
by Cooper. &. Co., 746 Market street. ••,
The Board of Electricity held a meeting
in the Police Commissioners' room yester
day afternoon and heard witnesses as to
the charge against ,. William Wedemeyer
for striking Arthur Uglow last Tuesday
because he, had. assisted Benjamin Brown
in fixing the electric wires round the fig
ure on top of the dome of the City Hall
Wedemeyer's suspension by Chief Elec
trician Hewttt was confirmed and it was
extended till June 20. , -
Wedemeyer's Suspension Conflnn'ed.
Shriners' parade illustrated. This week's
Wasp, a souvenir for our visitors. Street scenes
in San Francisco. ' 25 cents at all newsdealers.*
Bids were received yesterday at the
Board of •Public Works for the repairs of
public streets. The contract was awarded
to the City Street Improvement Com
pany, their offer being $19,7S0, which
is within the amount ($20,000) appropriated
by the city. Bids were also accepted for
the paving of "Van Nesa avenue from the
north line of .Fulton street to the south
line of Hayes street. This contract was
also awarded to the City Street Improve
ment Company, its bid . being 59SS7 75
Other bids received were those of Flinii
& Treacy. $11,193 25; J. A. Darling, $11,933 60-
W. C. Ralsch, $11,100 37, and the Union
Paving and Contracting Company, $10 -
85S75. BBHEBMBBHataBH
Receives Street-Paving Contract.
RICHELIEU STOCK IN
SHERIFF'S POSSESSION
Everything Movable Jin Saloon Is
Carted Away to Satisfy an
Attachment.
The row over the possession of the
Richelieu saloon still goes merrily on.
Several of Sheriff Lackmann's deputies
pounced down upon the cafe yesterday
forenoon and with a moving' van they
packed away all the stock and, in fact,
everything movable in, the place. This
was done as a result of the attachmert
placed on the stock of the saloon Thurs
day by Contractor Marks.
Herbert Choynski, who has been in pos
session of the, place for the last few days
refused to raise the attachment and al
lowed the law to take its course. Soon
after the Sheriff's men departed with the
"wet goods" and glassware and other sa
loon fixtures, another big van moved up
to the door and commenced to unload case
after case of liquor until the saloon was
completely restocked. -. -¦ . ,
These goods, so Choynski claims, were
simply, consigned to him by - different
wholesale houses and cannot in any way
be attached by people who have claims
against the firm. Whether or not this
contention -will hold good remains to be
seen. :'''.'— -",- .
Architectural Club Entertains.
• The San Francisco Architectural I Club
held its monthly entertainment last
evening at 14 McAllister street. Music and
songs made the 'evening a pleasant one.
The most important feature of the even
ing was a lecture by Ralph Werner Hart,
He lectured on the building 6f steel struc
tures, and spoke principally on forms of
steel columns, and methods of wind brac
ing. V The lecture was not completed last
night, so Mr. Hart will continue it at the
next meeting. The members of the club,
will take a pleasure trip to Palo Alto to
morrow, and will be guests of J. D. Mc-
Gilvray at his home in that town. -
Stable Burned to. the Ground.
A stable, belonging to C. F. Hornung and
situated in the rear, of his residence, 422
Church street, was totally destroyed by
fire yesterday afternoon. The blaze was
started by several children who wer«
playing with- matches. A strong wind
was blowing at the time and when the
firemen arrived they found the building
had burned to the ground. •
r - Distiller Jasprizza in - Trouble.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday re
turned an indictment against' John. Jes
prizza of San Jose for selling brandy by
wholesale without having paid the special
tax required by the revenue laws. - There
are fifty counts in the indictment,' each
one charging a separate sale on a differ
ent date. Jasprizza's bonds wew fixed at
52000.
Pioneer Woman Injured. »s
Mrs. William Jarvis ; McCormick of 10S0
Dolores street, treasurer of .' the "Associa
tion of Pioneer Women,' met with a pain
ful accident Thursday night while at
tempting to board a Valencia-street car.'
The car started suddenly, throwing Mrs.
McCormick -to the ground .'and' causing
the fracture of one of her ribs.
About three years ago Dr. Wing, while
staying at New Haven, was called upon
by a countryman. This man claimed he
bore letters appointing Dr. Wing to a
high government position if he would re
turn to China. Dr. Wing and the China
man left for China from this city on the
steamer Gaelic. On the arrival of Dr.
.Wing" in China he .was arrested
and charged- with- being a sympa
thizer with the revolutionary movement
to dethrone the Emperor. It is generally
supposed, however, that Dr. Wing was
arrested. at the instance, of Prince Ching,
who" thought that he would pay a big
ransom to • secure ¦ his freedom. Dr. Wlnjf
was placed in a temple and there terribly
tortured.- He bribed one of his guards to
take a message to an American friend in
Peking. This friend, dressed as a Chi
naman) went to the- temple and at the
pistol point compelled Dr. Wing's guards
to release him. i .
Dr. Wing would: not discuss his arrest,
and to all questions replied that he was
too ill to be Interviewed. He will leave
for the East this week.
Dr. Wing probably is the best known
Chinaman in the United States. He was
admitted to American citizenship in 1852.
He has made great efforts to educate the
better class of Chinese In American ways.
With the assistance of the late Li Hung
Chang, he collected one hundred and thir
ty-five young men from the best families
in China and brought them to this coun
try to be educated, "the Chinese Govern
ment defraying their expenses. He es
tablished for these boys a magnificent
home at Hartford, Conn., and they were
soon deep in study. A new Chinese Em
bassador was appointed to this country
and Dr. Wing acted as his assistant. A
Dr. Wu was sent from China to take care
of the boys, but it is said that he caused
trouble on his arrival. The students went
home, most of them not even waiting to
graduate from any of- the eastern col
leges. v , ~s '
He has been In China for several years,
although he considers Hartford, Conn.,
his home, where he has a handsome res
idence. He says he is here on a private
mission, whether on behalf of the Chinese
Government or not, he refuses to say.
Among the arrivals at s the Occidental
Hotel is Dr. Yung Wins from the Orient.
He has the distinction of being the first
Chinaman to receive a degree from an
American University, |je having gradu
ated from" Yale in 1S54.
Well-Known Chinaman
Back From the
Orient.
DOCTOR WING
RETURNS HOME
JW LEATHERS, a cigar-dealer,
had a desperate battle for his
life with a highwayman about 11
O o'clock Tuesday night." The
struggle took place in front of
Leathers'- home at 410 Third street.. Al
though Leathers is quite an, elderly man
he pluckily disarmed the robber of a re
volver. By his bravery, Leathers saved
$500 in-coin and several hundred dollars
worth of valuables that were in his pos
session. T,he attempted holdup was re
ported' to the police.'
Leathers closed his - place of business
about 10:30 o'clock, and with, J500 in coin
and several rings, studs and a watch in
his pockets, started for his. home in the
rear of a millinery store conducted by his
wife at 410 Third street. As he stepped
. PLUCKY CIGAR MERCHANT
WHO SUCCESSFULLY BAT
TLED WITH BOLD FOOTPAD.
Bessie Browne Stilson is suing Edward
J. btilson for divorce on the ground of
failure to provide, alleging that ever since
their marriage in May of last year she
has been compelled to depend upon the
chanty of her friends and relatives
p£?- Ce <- Pea J. ce is suin S Sherman S.
Pearce for divorce. She alleges he de
serted her and has failed to provide for
her since October, 181.8. They P were mar
Annie L. Place was granted a divorce
from Edward R. Place by Jud?e Graham
yesterday on the ground of cruelty. Mrs.
Place testified yesterday that her husband
turned to her as they were leaving t|fn>
church where they were married and
said. "Well, I'll be hanged. Wi:at made
me marry you?" On many other occa
sions, said Mrs. Place, her husband great
ly humiliated her in the presence of
friends by remarking: "I do not know
why I ever married you."
W. H. Dibbleeis suing Lottie Dibblee for
divorce on the ground of infidelity. H"
names Jake Herrman as co-respondent"
The Dibblees were married April 1897
A suit for divorce on the ground of
failure to provide was brought dv Freder
lcka L. Clodius against August K. Clodius
yesterday. Mrs. Clodius alleges that her
husband, who is secretary of the Laundry
Workers' Union of Alameda, has not
provided her with the necessaries of life
189" laSt year ' They wererma rried in
Derrick denied these charges and claims
that his wife has brought the action in
order that she may be free to wed.Car
michael.
Derrick is a veterinary surgeon and
well known throughout the State. Some
months ago his wife brought suit for di
vorce on the ground of cruelty, but failed
to present sufficient evidence of Jier hus
band's unkindness, and a decree was re
fused her. A few days ago she com
menced a second suit, alleging in her
complaint that Derrick beats and abuses
her and insults her daughter by a former
marriage, who lives with them at their
home on Mission street. • • • '
Derrick alleges that Carmichael made
love to Mrs. Derrick, and by maligning
the plaintiff during his absence caused
her to cease loving him. The actions of
the -State's employe, Derrick alleges, have
caused him great mental suffering and
driven him from his home tfKbecome a
wanderer.
Frank P. Carmichael, purchasing agent
of the State Board of Harbor Oommis-.
sioners, was made the defendant in a
suit for $50,000 damages for alienation of
affections filed yesterday by F. W. Der
rick, who alleges that Carmichael deliber
ately planned and schemed to deprive
him of the love, esteem and society of
his wife, Estella Derrick.
F. W. Derrick Carries His
Matrimonial Troubles
Into Court.
SAYS HIS WIFE
LOVES ANOTHER
The city and county suffered a heavy
loss by the' fire. Registrar of Elections
Walsh was on the scene and watched the
destruction of election booths that were
stored in back of the burning building. A
great effort was made tdxsave the lumber
used in building the voting houses, but
the department was only partially suc
cessful. Mr. Walsh is now worried about
the coming primaries, as it will be diffi
cult to~t>uild new booths in the short time
intervening.
CITY | SUFFERS LOSS.
For a time there was a well defined ru
nr.or that Foreman Keyser had lost his
life in the flames. Keyser used to occupy
a room in the building, but fortunate'ly
ho had given it up some months ago. He
made his appearance at the fire during its
progress and every one felt relieved.
Marshal Towe's theory is that the fire
started in the shoddy which was stored
on the second floor on the Folsom street
side, near Eighteenth. He said the build
ing was a regular tinder box and he was
not surprised at its destruction. He al
ways considered it a menace to surround
ing property. .The adjoining building
Henry Friedrich's furniture factory, 2147
2169 Folsom street, was saved.
By the destruction of the plant 150 men
and girls are thrown out. Of employment.
The structure was a two-story rambling
affair 275 by 500 feet. In the rear was
stored the lumber used in the manufac
ture of furniture. This was also destroy
ed. The company had considerable work
on hand and keenly feels the loss.
The lower floor was used in the manu
facture of wire mattresses, and the sec
ond story for upholstering and the mak
ing of mattresses. The property was own
ed by John Center, and was not covered
by insurance. j;- >;
For a time the new Seventeenth Street
Police Station was menaced by firer'Cap
tain Anderson stationed his men on the
roof with buckets and they wet the build
ing thoroughly. Captain Anderson 'gath
ered all his books and papers together,
sent the prisoners on his hands to the
Central Police Station and then went out
with a big squad of men and kept the
streets clear.
STATION IS MENACED.
During the progress of the fire Joseph
O'Brien, a hoseman of Engine No. 29, was
severely burned on the hands and face
and was sent to the City and . County
Hospital for treatment. His injuries, al
though painful, are not dangerous, and he
was able to go to his home.
Residents in the vicinity were rudely
awakened from sound slumber and rushed
from their homes with valuables thinking
they were in danger. Householders poured
water over their homes to save, them from
being ignited by the fierce flames. Glasses
were cracked and paint peeled off by the
heat, but otherwise the 'structures "were
not harmed.
Within live minutes after the fire was
discovered the building was a mass of
flames. It was impossible to save any
part of it and the firemen devoted their
attentions to preventing it from spread
ing. . . .
John Belfrage was in the yard when he
first saw the flames. He said they covered
the roof, in the direction of Eighteenth
street. He started to give the alarm, but
was unable to get out of the yard, the
gate being locked. Officer Murrin of the
Seventeenth-street station, which Is close
to the destroyed property, was on his way
to the station to report off duty when he
saw Belfrage trying to get out. .He
promptly broke down the gate and was on"
his way to turn in an alarm when the en
gines began to arrive.
WHERE FIRE STARTED.
W. A. Schrock, owner of the plant, was
apprised of his loss at an early hour this
morning. He said the building and con
tents were covered by a blanket insurance,
but it would not cover'the loss he has sus
tained. He valued the contents at $15,000.
But for the splendid work of Chief Sul
livan and his men, surrounding property
might have been destroyed, as a . heavy
wind was blowing, but the firemen poured
heavy streams on the burning building
and lumber from all sides, confining. the
conflagration to the one point.
The plant of the California Lounge and
Mattress Company, Seventeenth and Fol
som streets, was destroyed by fire short
ly before midnight - last night. Three
alarms were turned in from box'149, and
the fire department turned ' out in force.
The flames threw -a reflection in the sky
that could be seen for many blocks and
hundreds of people hurried to see the
rapidly consuming building.
¦ . ¦ ••
Election. Booth 3 Burned and
Registrar Walsh Is
Worried.
California Lounge and
Mattress Plant a
Total Loss. .
FIRE DESTROYS
A BIG FACTORY
PLUCKY FIGHT
OF CIGAR MAN
WITH A ROBBER
DE VRIES HERE
FROM NEW YORK
Former Congressman
Greets His Many
Friends.
General .Appraisment Work
Calls Him Officially to
California.
United States General Appraiser Mar
lon de Vries, formerly Congressman
from the Second District of California, ar
rived in this city yesterday morning from
New -York and took apartments at the
Palace.
He is here on official business and will
take testimony on about fifty appeal
cases at the Federal building. To-morrow
evening he will. leave f8r Los Angeles on
general appraisement work and will then
return to San' Francisco to finish his busi
ness here. \ : „
He is accompanied by United ' States
Consul A. H. Washburn and Secretary
J. E. Dorsey. .' '
Appraiser de Vries was warmly wel
comed by his I many friends. He is in
splendid. health and is. glad to return to
California. On the contusion of his offi
cial work he will spend a short vacation
at Lake Tahoe. In an interview he said:
-In my official capacity I am compelled to
travel over the United States. I arranged with
The other members of the beard to take the
testimony in the cases in California, as I
wished to spend by summer vacation here.
"A general appraiser visits all the ports in
the United States, deciding the merits of ap
peals of importers who feel that they have been
vharged too high a duty by the Collector of
the Port; --We do -not decide the case- at once,
but wait until we return to New York, where
the case is decided by the entire board. Should
this decision, not meet -with the approval of
the importer I he can appeal the case to the
United States District Court, but there are
only about 2 per cent of the cases ever ap
pealed to this tribunal. .
into the entrance way, -which is sided by
two large showcases, a robber - placed a
revolver at his head and ordered him to
pass over whatever money he Tarried, at
the same; time . cautioning him not to
make an outcry. For a moment Leathers
stood speechless and undecided as to how
to act. When a second command to make
haste was made Leathers jumped for
ward and seized the robber by. the wrist.
A struggle ensued and although Leathers
battled against heavy . odds . he bravely
clung to the robber and prevented him
from using .the revolver. The robber,
who was strong and heavily built, cursed
Leathers .roundly and tried to turn the
barrel of the revolver on him.
The struggle lasted for a short time and
as Leathers was breaking the robber's
grip on the revolver the latter remarked:
"Let me have the gun and we will call
it - square." Leathers • was taking no
chances, however, and continued' the bat
tle, v .
' The noise of the struggle attracted the
attention of Mrs.. Leathers, who was read
ing in a room in the rear of the store.
At' the sound of footsteps approaching
the door, the robber hesitated for a mo
ment and Leathers, taking advantage of
the opportunity, knocked the revolver :o
the ground. The highwayman immediate
ly made a dash for the. street and Leath
ers, without waiting | to ¦ recover the re
volver, gave chase.
'Leathers says several men were stand
ing in front of a saloon near by and many
pedestrians were passing -along tlie street
at the time of the holdup. . "I would have
called them to my assistance," said
Leathers, when he exhibited his skinned
knuckles at police headquarters, "had it
not been that the daring of the robber
took my speech away. A sudden impulse
prompted me to seize his pistol hand and
after that, realizing that he was trying to
murder me,. I thought of nothing more
than to battle for the possession of the
i weapon. Several men and a policeman
Joined me in the chase after the fellow,
but ire lost tracK of him on Bryant
street." . ' . ¦ '
Bock . Island Route Excursion s
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday and
Sunday, via Klo Grande and Rock Island Rail
ways, and via Los Anceles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Rock Island Railways, for Omaha. Kansas
City. Chicago and all points East. For further
information address Clinton Jones. General
Agent Rock Island Railway. (324 Market st. •
14
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALLj SATURDAY, V JUNE 14^ 1902. -
We Close at G o'clock-Remember,
Sale Kid Gloves ¦"
At 80 Cents
winds up to-night. Wigh we could give such a valu< right
along. Wouldn't .we 'do a big business? That's too much to
expect. A newspaper might offer an inducement for the first
month's subscription. They couldn't afford : to keep it up every
.month. They expect to give you such -a» good.! paper that you
w-on't want to quit it. . : '
So do we with kid gloves.
We know these will give such splendid sen-ice you'll
think more of us— and maybe come back to buy other gloves.
They are • ; ." j
Imported Lambskin Gloves.
•Soft and pliable— new and fresh, with the earmarks of style plainly stamped.
SOc a pair—Every shade. As fully guaranteed as any glove we sell. You
see we have faith in it. ¦'
Brushes of All Kinds.
AH new— all good— all pure bristle— all under the market price.
This large factory sent us their samples— not many of one style, but
hosts of' styles {even advanced styles). /
Many of them are under to-day's wholesale cost.
. Hair Brushes > Path Brushes Nail Brushes Tooth Brushes
"Hat Brushes • Hand Brushes Clothes Brushes Shaving Brushes
Good Tooth Brushes at 8c. Others at 15c, 20c, 25c, 35c, 40c, 50c. Bone
and celluloid in fancy shapes. . .'./.
50c Bath Brushes 25c. Clothes Brushes 15c.
Other equally good values at 50c, 75c, Cherry backs,' black bristles.
HAH?' BRUSHES-35C SOc. 65c. 75c. 0 - t 1 "'-
¦ 91.OO. fl.25, with solid backs, genuine **£">• ¦*£-££ KrL\Jl 7 and r03ew^.
bristles, ebony, olive, fox or rosewood. solid backs, best bristles. - ; . .
KEEP CT,EAN BRUSHES-t5Oc, 65c, 85c, HAND BRUSHES— tOc, 25c. SOc, 5Oc,
up to .8 1 .5O. - 75c, solid backs, hard bristles.
SHAVING BRUSHES— lOc, SOc. 25c. 35c, _-.„._„ TtrtrsHl^S— 4«*o
5Oc, «5e. 85e. BONNET BRLSHES — 4SC.
NAIL BRUSHES— 15c, 20c, 4Sc. HAT BRUSHES— 25c, 50c. 75c.
e . n^ w ... P Floppy Hats
Chiffon Veiling. 22 cents.
J -It's that bright, fresh, grassT T Imitation tuscan hats— another lotT
rrrfrn th<* late*;* thinjr ¦ with of them ready this mornlns. Suit-
green— tne latest tning wiin ab , e for women or chjldren ior
fashion Covers. . country or vacation wear.
We've just received some from They have the shape and effect
New York women like so well this summer.
*>"io .»•;¦ __j •;«„ J.I.- V--J • 'Last time we had them they were
-uc, ooc and oUC the yard. gone by noon. Tried to get enough
So much for the new — now for 1 for every one to-day.
the economy side. c— — — — — — — — — — — O
50c Chiffon To=day's Candy
Veiling at 25c. Tr*,T
** We plan to do something out of!
On sale this morning for the first the ordinary every week,
time— some 750 yards— all the man in 1 n ¦/«-««
Key^ Si ; Peppermints lac Ib
Some of it is solid black, some ; ' Also striped peppermints— hard.
black on white, some white on new This peppermint candy Is the kind
. blue. All stylish and in the height that sells regularly at 23c— buy
of its popularity. Half price this what you want of it to-day for 15c
. morning— first time— 155c yard. pound.
6 — — — . — o o — . — 6
j Market Street, | /! gk ®jor>9 j Market Street, j
A Opposite Golden I J$Bf — ' -^*^^^ I Opposite Golden I
Gate Avenue. J^ '^^ rOOn'i X Gate Avenue. -I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' Weak Eyes Strengthened.
Falnrm or Inflamed eye» (a-
nantly relieved with GKOitaa
fi5&£X& MAYERLE'S German Ex,
'./'fVV: it. TeL South 5T2. Non» K aa<
Vi, ulao wiUiout this tradeouutt.
LACES. EMBROIDERIES.
£| Ribbons. SATURDAY] RibbonsTTs
*2 Fancy Corded 35c Liberty Silk _i
12%c Wash Rib- >¦ * Wash Ribbon. 72
> bon. To-day • £-> wr*. gr- fy m » m £y To-day V s
£ ££~ 8PLCI4L8. joe -|
PETTICOATS.
AT Afir WOMEN'S 65c MUSLIN PETTICOATS, made - with • full tucked
* l .iuW flounce. _
AT Q'Tkf WOMEN'S $1.25 CAMBRIC PETTICOATS, made with hemstitched
*** tft#W tucked flounce with ruffle of wide embroidery.
AT $%\ WOMEN'S $2.00 CAMBRIC PETTICOATS, made with deep .'
«* %p l*K9*J flounce — three clusters of tucks — two rows of linen lace inser-
tion — ruffle of wide linen lace. p; -•.;.- . •' " • ¦ V:
° HOSIERY. T VEILING. ?
lOV , For WOMEN'S 20c RIB- , OCTr» Pe «" yard for regular 60c
'^Sv BED or PLAIN HOSE. iOC per yard CHIFFON VEIL-
1Q r For WOMEN'S 25c FINE IN'G— Latest effects— newest : col-
I »C : HERMSDORF HOSE. \ ™>^ Pcr yanJ f(jr reguIar 33c
KAr. For WOMEN'S ELE- ZOt and 40c per yard FANCY
O,y W G A NT . 75c; BLACK ' LACE -. NET VEILING— newest designs
" HOSE.: 4 J t 1— swell effects.
tSHIRT WAISTS/ "" ° %
CiBZr' ¦". 1* the special rrlce to-day .for WOMEN'S $1,00 STRIPED ZEPHTR O
¦'. VJ<JV^,- SHIRT WAISTS... Excellent values— all sizes, Jj
Q^Lr*' Is the special price to-day for WOMEN'S $1.50 TUCKED "WHITE ~
VW, V LAWN WAISTS: full pouch fronts of allover lace— all sizes. HI
Si 1 f>O Is the special i price to-day for WOMEN'S $1.7* SILK CHAMBRAT
<Pl»^.\J .SHIRT WAISTS— beautiful colors— all »izes— hemstitched, tucked ~<
and inserted with, fine 'Valenciennes lace. • — "
g _ CHILDREN'S CAPES. ¦ il
J3 : : THESE STYLISH GARMENTS ARE MADE OF' FINE WHITE PIQUE—
"j FULL DOUBLE CIRCULAR CAPES— LINED WITH MARSEILLES— THREE
$ RUFFLES OF WIDE. EMBROIDER^ . /
DC - fl«35 TO-DAY FOR REGULAR $2.00 CAPES. •
UJ - ¦ ¦'¦ .-.-• - ••¦' $2J85 -TO-DAY FOR REGULAR $3.00 : CAPES. -~ : /
i OUTING SKIRTS.
QQr». For '.WOMEN'S $1.60 LINEN or NAVY BLUE or BLACK POLKA
wOv . DOT DUCK SKIRTS— single full flare flounce. .
'— JKlVQCr For WOMEN'S STYLISH $2.50 WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS— embroidery ¦
¦jy <I>I»«/O Inserted — new \ flare effect.
O- — — . — O Q — — — -O
T BELTS. J . NECK RUFFS. •
TWa'7n»»o Rolf , ' 2 BIG BARGAINS IN' <
I lie Z.3Z3. OClt accordion plaited liberty m
r»T ' :> -._l ¦•>--¦.,_, ,• ' ~~ SILK and CHIFFON NECK ZZ
• To-Day.45CtO$2.25 RUFFS, in Frenchy; combinations JZ
--¦/¦,--.• ' • • of black and white.' -
. ' ~ - . ' —To-day $1.00 for $1.75 NECK
|R r For .regular, -25c • fine . .¦¦ RUFFS. - - ¦-.-¦¦¦.. • C5
*«^ ..¦¦' grade-., PATENT . LEA- ¦ S2.5O for $4.00 NECK
THER BELTS.' , *: , RUFFS.
0 — ; — o c— r- — r. ; — : — - — — — o • .
YOUR MONEY. BACK or a NEW. PAIR OF CORSETS if, after SO days' wear,
•. a pair of corsets purchased 'it'our store proves unsatisfactory.
" • 05c TO-DAY FOR $1.25 CORSETS, all styles, all sizes.
. ?1.4O TO-DAY FOR' $2.00 CORSETS, all styles, all sizes. i
WOMEN'S .KNIT UNDERWEAR/
12%c FOR 20c ; :UNDERVESTS, all colors;' sleeveleso.- 1
1 Hci FOR, 25o COTTON LISI^E UNDERVESTS. , all colors, sleeveless.
.. 45c FOR: ECRU RIBBED UNDERVESTS, lone sleeves. -
08c FOR FINE MEDIUM WEIGHT $1.50 WOOL UNDERVESTS, trimmed with
fyZ ¦¦ narrow ribbons — fancy silk stitching— rlone^ sleeves — all colors— all sizes.
g WATCH FQR OUR REMOVAL SALE.
1 1 Ribbons. MfKfiKS Ribbons. I
~p Satin Taffeta H -^ Kl •fif"HASi > French Import-
er Ribbon. newest B| H1lJE» ' ed Wash Ribbon, -_
—> shades — 40c qual- Ira, *^T ' '•5^® " 19 B H\glw 3'^ inches wide,
-^^>< 1212-1214 MARKET ST., 1H^ e ["
S l^L^fl±- 'Between Taylor' and Jones. ;' per yard.
1 OPEN TO-NIGHT: UNTIL I I O'CLOCK. J'
a ELEGANT: NOVELTIES IN ; LACE: COLLARS. °
Are a new, tasteless, odorless, economical substitute for the celebrated liquid Cuticuba.
Resolvejtt, as vrell as for all other blood purifiers and humour cures. Put up in screw-
capped pocket vials, containing 60 doses, price 25c. Cdticuka Pills are alterative,
antiseptic, tonic, and digestive, and beyond question the purest, sweetest, - most
successful and economical blood and skin purifiers, humour cures, and tonic-digestives
yet compounded.
Crnrr«A Rekziuis «t *old tbrcrarbont e vorld. Poip, Jie., Ormosjrr, 50e., Pins. 2Jc. Britiih Depot!
r:-35. Chtrwhouu t>g™ London, rrttdi Depot: f But de U Fiix, ParU. Pottsb Beco asd Cam. CoxK.
£i* Prep*., Jfcv.cn, U. S. JL
GUTIGURA RESOLVENT CHOCOLATE COATED PILLS 25C.
Assisted by Ccticuba Ohttmext, for preserving, purifying, and beautifying
the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the
stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough,
and sore hands, for haby rashes, itchings, and chafings, and for all the pur-
poses of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Millions of Women use Cuticuba.
Soap in the form of baths for annoying irritations, inflammations, and
excoriations, for too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes
for ulcerative weaknesses, and lor many sanative, antiseptic purposes which '
readily suggest themselves to women, especially mothers.
MILLIONS USE GUTIGURA SOAP
Bathe the affected parts with hot water and CUTICURA
SOAP, to cleanse the skin and scalp of crusts and scales, and
soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing, and
apply CUTICURA OINTMENT freely to allay itching, irritation;
and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and lastly take CUTI-
CURA RESOLVENT PILLS, to cool and cleanse the blood.
This pure, sweet, and wholesome treatment affords instant
relief, permits rest and sleep, and points to a speedy, perman-
ent, and. economical cure of the most torturing, disfiguring,*
itching, burning* and scaly skin, scalp, and blood humours,
eczemas, rashes, - and irritations, from infancy to age, with
loss of hair, when all else fails.
Hale's.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
, DRIN*
war M*a w!i>f\W Uim K'J w^L
Best NATURAL Alkaline J Watcn
330 BROADWAY. K. T.
IBPjafiyggt jum r >ikIVKI\ V* J
«ff^ Balsam i ;
i Promotes tie growth, of tHo hair and ! !
giTeslttlieluatreaiidsUldtoessof youth. *'
When. too hair Is gray oriadeatt< !
BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOB: V
It prevents Dandruff and hair tailing J !
and keeps the scalp clean and healthy i
NO POISON
Has Ever Been Found
in the Enamel of
AGATE NICKEL.STEEL
KitdieiiUtensils
The BLUE LABEL
Protected by Decision of United States Court
Pasted on Every Piece
PROVES IT. i
If substitutes are of fered, write us
This trade-mark is on every piece
of genuine A sate Ware.
Soli by First-class Department and House-
furntahlng Stores. Send for new Booklet.
LALANCB & GROSJEAN MFC. CO.
JTlWTOnE BOSTO3T CHICAGO
I Compare the * i
\ \ Little Cigar I
I -with any other brand j
I and you -will find that 1
1 its quality is unequaled I
§ and that it is also the I
I biggest little cigar I
ADV Ei&TISKWETT TS.
Hale's.