SAN FRANCISCO^ MONDAY, JUNE 30, 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 29.— In a dis
patch from Port Arthur, the correspond
ent of the Novoe Vremya blames the Sap
tain of the British vessel Hinan for the
recent epidemic of cholera at that, port,
which has caused the death of over 400
persons, nearly 500 of whom were Euro
peans.
Blames Sea Captain for the Cholera.
: PARIS, June 29.— The French* hail the
renewal of ; the triple alliance' between
Germany, Austria and Italy, which was
effected by, the signing of a treaty. In Ber
lin - yesterday, morning by the Imperial
.Chancellor of. Germany and "the Austrian
and Italian Embassadors, with equanimi
ty and express the belief that the strength'
of the alliance has been much enfeebled
¦by dissensions; in regard to the tariff
questions. The press considers,' more- ;
over, that . the ; existence of a Franco-
Russian alliance deprives the triple alii. <
ance of its originally aggressive charao
er r' • . ¦ ¦ ' .- ••; .''• ¦
France Is Not Disturbed.
"La. Guaira.
COLON, Colombia, June 29.— The French
steamer La France, which has arrived
here from La Guaira and Puerto Cabellb,
Venezuela, brings reports of much unrest
at those ports. . ;
The Venezuelan insurgents are said to
bo in the vicinity of Caracas, and . the
overthrow of the Castro . Government is
believed to be likely at any moment.
There are three foreign warships at La
Guaira, two American and one German.
Two American, and One. German War
ships Are Now Anchored' at
VENEZUELAN INSURGENTS, .
ARE NEARINO CARACAS
• OMAHA, ; June 29.— There has been no
change In the situation of the Union Pa
cific machinists', strike to-day. Each side
is waiting: until Monday, ; when. the effect
of the strike 'can be noted. Th'e company
officials declare; the strike will, not affoct
the smaller shops of, the road and that
only, men; at 1 ; Omaha/'i Cheyenne and Arm.
Btrong.\Kans.,l will obey the strike order.
The .executive" committee of I the : strikers
declare that ; every, machinist on, the \ road
will- refuse to iwork to-morrow morning;'?'.
Committee Are Making Con
; - ¦ flictingr Claims. "
Railroad Officials! and ; the Union
UNION PACIFIC STRIKE.
WILL COMMENCE TO-DAY
KANSAS CITY, June 29.— Jesse James'
body, which has been buried for twenty
years in the dooryard of the old James
homestead, near Excelsior Springs, Mo.,
was disinterred . to-day and * buried in the
cemetery at Kearney, Mo., beside the
bodies of his father ; and wife.' Mrs. Zer
ada, Samuels, mother of Jesse James;
Frank James, his , brother, and Jesse
James and Mary, his son and daughter,
attended the " ceremony. A funeral ser
vice was held and the pallbearers were
comrades of Jesse James when all were
members of Quaritrell's band. When the
skeleton of his father was dug up, Jesse
James. Jr. picked up the skull and pointed
outithe hole made by the bullet from Bob
Ford's pistol. .Besides relatives and close
friends of the James family, only a small
crowd attended the exercises. •
the Family Attend the
Ceremony.
Only Close Friends and Relatives of
BODY OF JESSE JAMES
IS REMOVED TO CEMETERY
For about a month he has been in San
Jose \ and engaged in picking cherries on
the ' Keesllng ranch in^ the Willows. Of
late his conscience, has been rebelling
over the killing of the Filipino and he has
been unable to rest. - Finally thlsjcondi
tion became unbearable , and McAllister
says he decided s to give himself up, stand
trial and take such punishment as will
be meted out to him. f .
' Chief Kidward'. does not know .what . to
do with . McAllister, : as the case is an un
usual one. He will hold the man until a
thorough , investigation can be made. No
trial can-be had here, as • the crime was
committed'; in the Philippines,' and being
during. a war ''period the only ; punishment
could : be by court-martial, and probably,
not at 'all,; as : McAllister's term has ; al
ready expired, r. The army officials will be
informed..' : . 'C. ¦" '•' -?..'.. ¦ ;
In May, 1900, McAllister says he stole
away from camp and met: three Inoffen
sive Filipinos. He raised his* gun 'to ' his
shoulder, and '"'shot one of them dead. ; On
April 3, 1901, McAllister, was mustered lout
of. the service and he produced his dis
charge papers" to show he is a Philippine
veteran.
The case is a peculiar one. McAllister,
who. is 30 years of age, comes from
Wheatland, 111. He enlisted in the army
during the Spanish- American war and
was sent to . the . Philippines in Company
K, Thirtieth United States Infantry. The
man claims to have seen much hard serv
ice and finally became hardened and pos
sessed of an insane desire to kill a Fili
pino single-handed. This preyed upon his
mind and he watched every -. chance to
satiate his wish for murder.
SAN JOSE, . June 29.— With a desire to
ease his conscience' of. the crime of cold
blooded murder, William F. McAllister, a
Philippine veteran, walked into the" police
station. to-day and surrendered himself to
Chief of Police Kidward.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
* "All right," laughed : the Ohio Senator.
"I will not mention it to-day, but I am
coming to «ee you to-morrow about it."
This sally of the President - caused a
hearty, laugh at "the expense of Senator
Hanna. who; has been giving considerable
attention to the charges which have been
preferred against ' Professor Leach,
Senator Hanna is reported to have said
to the President:. .
"I want you to take hold of the canal
matter now and get the canal under way
before the next national campaign. I
want you to get. the; credit" for. It arid I
stand ready to do . everything I can to
strengthen your hands."
j The [canal bill , was signed by the Presi
dent; last night *-~ .
. "There Is one topic,: Senator Hanna.
that I would like to bar so far as you are
concerned," said the President, as he took
his seat at the table.
"What is that?", asked Hanna.
VThe appointment of a collector for
Cleveland." ; : . -;.%.>*
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G 'STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 29.— Senator
Hanna held the final session of his "Sum
mer Bachelor Club" at the old Don Cam
eron House, fronting Arlington square,
this morning. Since the departure of Mrs.
Hanna and her daughters, Senator Hanna
has been seeking diversions in the enter
tainment of fellow statesmen whose wives
are but of town. He has had stag din
ner parties every night for a week and de
cided, to-day that his festivities for .the
brightening of a very dull wind-up of
Congress should end in a gale of hilarity
at the usual corned-beef -hash Sunday
morning breakfast. He had as his guests
President. Roosevelt, Secretary Root,
postmaster General Payne, Attorney Gen
eral Knox and Senator' O. H. Platt of
Connecticut.
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
For several : weeks Policeman Giles has
been detailed to McLean's place. He is
always dressed in citizen's clothes .and
walks about the grounds, seldom, if ever,
leaving, them: ¦'.••.. . . ,
_ Threats were made «mout a year ago
by a discharged employe either to kid
nap the boy or. do him bodily harm. The
police learned of this and drove the man
away from Washington by threatening to
place him under arrest.
The McLean country residence, Friend
ship, is about five miles from this city.
It is one of the handsomest places in or
around Washington. About a year . a«o,
a big. strong. man named Ash was en
gaged to look after young McLean. He
occupies the ostensible position of valet,
but is. charged more with the safety of
the young man than anything else. "He
accompanies his charge wherever he goes
and is generally spoken of by acquaint
ances of the family as a bodyguard.
NEW YORK, June 29.-The World has
the following from Washington: Unus
ual precautions taken by the police force
to guard the country home of John R.
McLean have led to a report that they
are for the purpose of protecting from
.kidnapers Mrs. McLean's 18-year-old son,
Edward. . "*?,¦»
Special Dispatch to The Call
Other distinguished men, representing
the factions which have disturbed the
unity of the party since 1896, will be "in
vited to make speeches during the cam
paign. ,,'i./. "
If Mr. Cleveland remains of" the same
mind after the State convention he will
be asked to make a number of speeches,
not only in New York, but in other locali
ties. The campaign managers' say _there
Is every reason to believe thaf he will con
sent to do so. •'
NEW YORK, June 29.— The staff corre
spondent of the World " wires from Al
bany: Ex-President Grover Cleveland,
who made his reappearance in politics at
the Tilden Club in New York the other
night after ten years of inactivity, prob
ably will consent to be one of the star
speakers of the coming Democratic cam
paign in New York State. After the Tll
den Club meeting, Mr. Cleveland, In con
versation with ex-Senator -illl and other
Democratic leaders, expressed his will
ingness to assist his party in any way to
reclaim the State of which he was once
Governor. He did not wish the fact gen
erally known, but to a number of his
friends he has expressed the belief that,
with proper management of the campaign,
the State can be carried by the Demo
crats. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Ra3 was making a tour of the world.
He is himself an expert musician, and he
declared that the young Italian's voice
was one la a thousand— that Its range,
power and sweetness were wonderful. So
impressed was he with it that he offered
to pay all the expenses of a trip to Eu
rope and such schooling as is necessary
to preperly train Abresi's voice. His phil
anthropy has a practical side to it, how
ever, for he exacted a contract from the
young man that he 'would permit no oth
er person to act as his manager after he
had finished his course in some European
school. The pair departed for New York
yesterday. Raff having purchased a com
plete new wardrobe for his protege and
given him more money than he ever had
before.
I/DS ANGELES, June 29.— Philip Abresi,
born of Italian parents In San Francisco
twenty years ago. is en route to Europe.
With him is Herr Frederick Raff, a
wealthy German, who intends to place
tfce young man in one of the best Euro
pean schools of music and then tour the
tvorld with him. Two weeks ago Abresi
was a common laborer, working where he
could find employment, his last work be
ing on a railroad construction gang. He
spent his Sundays in this city with other
Italians, and a week ago Herr Raff, who
was walking through the- portion of th*
city known as Sonora Town, heard a par
ty of Italians singing. Above their voices
Coated that of a full, clear tenor, and the
wealthy German seeking out the pos
•easor of this voice found Abresl.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
McLEAN'S SON
IS IN DANGER
OF KIDNAPING
CLEVELAND'S
AID PLEDGED
TO HIS PARTY
HANNA URGES
EARLY ACTION
ON THE CANAL
liner; France by reason of the fact that
Raves is a citizen of. that country, and will
appeal to Paris for redress, while Mexico
and Cuba are, of course, the principals in
the queer international entanglement.
The United States will be drawn into the
controversy through a protest that wilkbe
filed in Washington by the captain of the
ernment, decided that the couple could be
arrested and held.
CUBA'S SECRETARY AND UNITED STATES MINISTER AT HAVANA
WHO- FIGURE IN THE FIRST INTERNATIONAL COMPLICATION
¦ INVOLVING THE GOVERNMENT OF THE NEW-BORN REPUBLIC.
PORT AU PRINCE, June 28.— The elec
tions for Deputies have commenced here.
The city is calm -and the electors are
voting freely, j In the other cities of the
republic, however, military, supervision of
the elections has been imposed and the
people are very much. excited.
Great excitement prevails here this aft
ernoon, and as this dispatch is being sent
the firing in the streets continues.
\ Deep regret Is expressed that no war
ships of a foreign power are in the har
bor .to afford protection to foreign resi
dents. • ( "
LEADER OF HAYTIEN FORCES
AND THE AMERICAN MINIS
TER'TO HAYTI.
ADMITS CRIME
TO EASE PAIN
OF CONSCIENCE
At the moment of filing this dispatch
the foreign Consuls, under the protection
of their various flags, are with General
Firmin and are about to embark on the
Government gunboat. Pierot. They are
under a rather heavy fire and- in much
danger. The foreign residents of this
port are at present exposed to the law
lessness and savagery of the combatants.
In the meantime the vessels under the
command of Admiral j Killy were bom
barding Cape Hay tieh. This action was
taken without previous notification to the
foreign Consuls here. There has been a
lively rain of shot down the . streets of
Cape -'Haytlen all day long. The flrlnc
was particularly heavy between noon and
2 o'clock and between 4 and 5 o'clock this
afternoon. . . . v . ,
Several machine guns were set up. in a
commanding position by General Firmin's
force and an attempt ; was made to drive
the men from the north from' their posi
tions. Notwithstanding the fire from the
machine guns, detachments of the north
ern revolutionists made several attacks
on General Firmin's followers, and the
latter were eventually dislodged.
tien fleet, disembarked a fur
ther detachment j of troops and a large
quantity of ammunition at 4o'ciock this
morning for the better protection of Gen
eral Firming one of the candidates for the
Presidency of the republic. Since 6 o'clock
this morning there have been several llve
ly\ engagements^- between^ th<T men 'from
the fleet and the revolutionists from the
north.- ' '.¦¦¦' r -,-'.'. ¦ ¦• ' . : . . J_ ',•'¦ .
HAYTIEN, Hayti, June
' ff ' 29.— There has been much
H ¦ fighting here to-day and great
la. ? ' <J ' excitement prevails. Admiral
Killy, commander of the Hay-
FINDS A RARE
TENOR VOICE
IN A LABORER
Minister Squlers' report on the arrest of
'Amadeo Raves and Isabelle Lacavallrie,
the alleged elopers, on board a Ward line
eteamship in Havana harbor, probably
will arrive in a day or two, and the State
Department will then decide what action
to take, if, indeed, any . action by this
Government is necessary. While the
charge preferred against Raves by the
father of Senorita Lacavallrie was one of
embezzlement, the young lovers declare
the disgrace of arrest was brought upon
them simply because they ran away from
home to marry. The fair senorita's
father, a wealthy citizen of the City of
Mexico, where for some time Raves has
resided, cabled to the Mexican Consul in
Havana to cause the arrest of the elopers.
They were taken from the Ward liner de
epite the" protest of the captain, who ap
pealed to Minister Squiers to interfere.
The American representative declined to
assume any responsibility and Senor Zal
do, Cuban Minister of Foreign Affairs, de
spite the fact that there is as yet no ex
tradition treaty with the Mexican Gov-
ternational complication. The
flag of the new-born nation had scarcely
been hoisted before there has arisen a
controversy into which Mexico, the
"United States and France have been
dragged. It is expected that the affair
¦will J'rtjbe settled amicably, and it may
nave the effect of teaching the Cubujis to
be conservative in their treatment of the
subjects of foreign Governments.
ALL BUREAU. 1406 G
/f r STREET. N. \Y., WASHING
tj TON. June 23.— Official Wash
fe\ V 1 ington is greatly interested in
the Cuban republic's firta in-
Judge ¦ McMillan went to New Mexico
more than three years ago for the benefit
of his health. Prior to that time he had
served in the New York Senate and had
been an attorney for the New York Cen
tral Railroad. He had been in New Mex
co about a year when he became a candi
date for appointment to the Supreme
bench.' There was considerable opposition
to him on the ground that he was a "car
petbagger,", but he was appointed by
President McKinley. He is a man of pro
nounced legal ability, and has conducted
his court in a manner satisfactory to
most of the people in New. Mexico.
JURIST OF ABILITY.
Judge McMillan heard several weeks
ago .that : charges were to be preferred
against him , by certain persons in New
Mexico, and he at once started for Wash
ington. Since arriving here he has ascer
tained the nature of the charges. He has
as yet made no formal answer, but prob
ably will do so this week. It is under
stood that Judge 'McMillan explains one
of tho points at issue by stating that the
way the charges . arose concerning his
traveling in company*with a woman over
his circuit was that a certain woman vis
ited him when he was holding court at
Lincoln, N.M., for the purpose of learn
ing whether or not he could assist her in
getting transportation for her children to
come to New Mexico. This, Judge Mc-
Millan said, was the only time he saw
thu woman while on his • circuit. The
persons who have filed the charges, he
says, are relatives of men whom he, dis
charged from a jury for incompetence
and unreliability. .
WOMAN IN THE CASE.
The charges are of a serious nature and
directed at Judge McMillan's morality.
They have been filed*, together with nu
merous affidavits, within the : ; last few
weeks by persons whom Judge McMillan
says he does not s know. ..\Orie\pf: the alle
gations is that Judge* McMillan in. follow
ing the judicial, circuit: to which he lsas
signed.was accompanied by ?nwo.man not
his- wife. -PI«i lives. with 'hia-iif^-aiid fiTm-"
ily*at'*Socorro, N..M. ...... . ' .
CALL BUREAU, 1406 'G. STREET, NJ
SVY, "WASHINGTON, June 29.— Judge
Daniel II. McMillan of the Supreme Court
of New Mexico will this w^ek mako an
swer to charges which have been filed
against him in the Department of Justice!
He came all the way from New Mexico
to disprove the charges, has been in Wash
ington for a week and left this afternoon
for Buffalo to attend the'' wedding of his
son, Ross McMillan. Not oven his closest
friends in this city and those who have
been associated with him in Now York
politics are aware of the /act that hi3
political _ opponents in New.; Mexico are
endeavoring by every means' in their
power to impugn his character so that
his removal from office wHK result and
they will be able to secure the $3000 posi
tion which Judge McMillan now holds.
Special Dispatch to '.The. Call.
His Removal If or Al=
leged Immorality
*v Is Asked.
Daniel H McMillan
Must Defend His
Character.
Republic May Have to
Answer to France
and America for
. Assisting Mexico
New Mexico Supreme
Court Jurist Is
Accused.
Arrest of an Eloping
Couple in Harbor
of Havana Stirs
Four Governments
FOES PUT
JUDGE ON
THE RACK
CUBA GETS INTO HER FIRST
INTERNATIONAL CONTROVERSY
Northern Revolutionists Dislodge General
Firmin's Followers; Despite the Resist'
ance of Forces Landed From \ the Fleet
SHELLS ARE RAINED
UPON ISLAND CITY
KILLY'S WARSHIPS BEGIN BOMBARDMENT OF CAPE HAYTIEN
WITHOUT PREVIOUS NOTIFICATION TO THE FOREIGN CONSULS
SEEKS
DEATH
BY FIRE
Tragic Act of De
mented Mother in
. Italian Quarter.
Appears to Her Fam
ily a Living Cross
of Flame.
Drenches Her Gar
ments With Oil and
Applies Match.
Wrapped In flames from blazing kero
sene and with . her arms outstretched,
Mrs.' Ignacio Gerardi, an aged woman,
mother of twelve children, appeared be
fore members of her family and friends
late yesterday afternoon. She emerged
from a small closet and paused on the
threshold of a door leading into the din
ing-room, where husband, sons, daughters 1
and friends were assembled. , Her expla
nation of her tragic plight was simple
and given before the startled spectators
could make a move to her relief. " .
"The flames! The flames !** she shrieked.
"Now they have me. I have given my
self to them. They have been, calling mm
for three months."
' The fire, writhing upward, then stifled
her. She stumbled forward and sank to
the floor. Rescuers came quickly. First
among them was Officer James O'Connor.
He smothered the blaze, then tore thb
smoldering clothing from the unfortunate
woman's body and sent her to the hos
pital. Respite from horrible agony cams
soon in death, and the blackened corpse
was removed to the Morgue.
HER SONS SAIL NORTH.
The shocking story' of Mrs. . Gerardi 1 •
suicide was soon told throughout the"
Italian colony. She had become demented
from worry over the . absence ¦ of ; three
sons," who are: in Alaska.-^Recently lier
dementia brought strange hallucinations.
She . imagined a reunlon ; ,wifh her son3
could be accomplished •' throush ' lite asczt
cy of fire. She told her fancies to her
neighbors, and her threats to burn her
self to death have been frequent. But
those to whom she confided them, never
dreamed of their awful consummation.
Yesterday she quietly left a table at
which her family had assembled and en
tered a closet. She drenched her gar
ments with kerosene and applied a
match. Then she appeared to them for
the last time in life, wrapped in flames,
her arms outstretched, a living cross of
fire.
Mrs. Gerardi was 50 years of ago and
resided with her husband, a crab fisher
man, at 104 Vandewater street, where the
tragedy occurred. Her eldest daughter.
Mrs. Maria Glllotti, Is about 21 years of
age. There are eleven other children,
ranging in age from 2 to 19 years. Early
In the spring three of her eldest sons
went to Alaska in company with- their
brother-in-law, Gillottl. Since no word
has been received from them. Neighbors
told the mother of the perils of the frozen
north and caused what had only been
suspense to grow to an all-consuming
fear. Day after day she waited for word,
but none came. Then she began to act
strangely, and no one could pacify her.
As time passed she talked of her boys,
and then of fire. She said she bad seen
flames and that they beckoned her on
ward. Visions of flames became more
frequent. Finally she said they haunted
her and that she must go.
MAKES MANY THREATS.
On occasions when she became morose
and said she would burn herself to death
her auditors tried to soothe her fears,
but never guessed the Import of her
words. Even her daughter and her hus
band failed to heed her threats.
Yesterday afternoon the dinner table
bad been cleared of a simple repast and
her husband and seven of her children.
Including Mrs. Gillottl, assembled for a
game of cards. Some other occupants of
the house came in and before long the
party numbered nearly thirty. There
were present little children, mothers with
babes in their arms, men and youths. The
merriment began* and no one saw the de
mented mother slip from the room. Intent
on her awful purpose. Soon she emerged
in flames.
Efforts to extinguish the flames were
futile until the arrival of Policeman
O'Connor. Mrs. Gillottl fought desperate
ly to save her mother, and her hands
were so badly burned that she also went
to the hospital. O'Connor after smother.
Ing the fire carried the woman to the
sidewalk. There he tore her garments
from her and covered her body, which
was frightfully burned from head to foot,
with oil, and wrapping her In a blanket
sent her to the Harbor Hospital. Dr.
Armistead treated her, but she died in a
short time. " .
ABSENCE OF JUNE RAINS
CAUSES ANXIETY IN INDIA
LONDON, June SO.— A dispatch to the
Daily 'Mall from Bombay says there la
great anxiety In Western India because of
the continued absence of a monsoon— the
heavy rain which usually comes early In
June. The non-appearance of the mon
soon is traceable to the eruption of Mont
Pelee, on the island of Martinique.
The condition of the province of Gujerat
causes Intense anxiety. If the rains fall
unspeakable distress will ensua . there.
Meteorologists declare, says the corre
spondent, that the eruption of Mont Pe
lee deflected the monsoon a thouaaai
miles to the westward.
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCII— NO. 30.Unprecedented Bale 'of cameras. .For
one week only we offer a ¦ discount of 50
per ..cent from list prices , of Graphic,
Premo, .Poco, Korona and Al Vista cam
eras. Kirk," Geary & Co.; 112 , Geary st ' *
. Rate ' $72 40, account N. ' E.' ' Al ' tickets sold
July 1 and 2, Rood to ; return; until, August iH.
Via. Salt Lake and ; Denver if desired. . -Time > of
the Overland Limited less tb»n .three days. Call
at General Office, 1 Montgomery st.,"S. F. ;•
3&i *oA«E»ttifuVi2K8 ~°" fi ' — 'i i^i ¦ it " 1 — irTi ¦iivn- Arrn- 'irf-Tirh tifMT
The Overland Monthly for July Is one
of the .most readable publications of the
month.- ' The leading article is "The Build
ing of a Battleship," profusely Illustrated
,ty- George William Dickie: all the war
vessels- built In this city are Illustrated,
and some of the Illustrations appear In
print for the first time. ' •.* •'¦
Overland Monthly for July.
LOW RATES VI A UN ION PACIFIC R. R.
TO M INN EAP0LIS AN D RETURN.
. The idea of appointing- O'Gorman apos
tolic delegate in the Philippines appears
for the .present at least, to have been
abandoned, although a suggestion 1 for this
appointment .was uttered by^ the Pope
himself when he first received William H.
Taft, civil Governor of the Philippines.
ROME, June 29.— Right Rev. Thomas
O'Gorman, Bishop of Sioux, Falls, S. D.,
when he returns to the United States
will ba the bearer of a letter and a mag
nificent gift of a "view of the' - city of
Rome from : the Vatican studio,' done in
mosaic, from the Pope^o President Roose
velt. - : .•¦- • ' .:-- ¦..-¦ '¦ : '. ¦¦ :¦ ,—
the Bearer of a View of Rome
Done in Mosaic.
POPE LEO SENDS A QIPT ,
- TO PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
Bishop O'Gorman of South. Dakota Is
ANNAPOLIS, June 29.— The cruiser
Brooklyn, which is to convey the remains
of Lord Pauncefote to England, arrived
here to-day.: The remains of the late
British Embassador will arrive from
Washington i Tuesday, July L^jffi v
'An escort consisting of two - companies
of marines from the naval academy and
one company of marines and two com
panies of blue-jackets from, the Brooklyn
will meet the funeral train. The officers
stationed at the naval academy will also
assemble at the railroad station and ac
company tho funeral party to the acad
emy grounds. There will be no service
here. A salute of nineteen guns . will be
fired as the tug Standlsh with the remains
aboard leaves thq. wharf. It is expected
that the Brooklyn will sail at 6 p. m. on
Tuesday.
Cruiser Brooklyn Beady to Sail for
England With Remains of
v Embassador.
LOED PATJITCEFOTE'S BODY
WILL BE BEMOVED TUESDAY
RUSSIA IS NETTLED.
Why Sympathy Has Not Been. Ejc-
tended to King 1 Edward.
bt. Petersburg; June 29.— The fact
that no representative of the court of
the Ministry has called at the British
embassy here to offer the sympathy of
Russia in the matter of the Illness of King
Edward has occasioned much comment
and is generally attributed to Russian
chagrin on account of the conclusion of
peace in South Africa. It is said upon ex
cellent authority that Count Lamsdorf
the Minister of Foreign Affairs,- admitted
that this peace had upset Russia's calcu
lations, which were based upon a much
longer continuance of Great Britain's dif
ficulties in South Africa.
- Count Lamsdorf is reported to be par
ticularly nettled because Great Britain
did not consult the Boer delegates In Eu
rope in regard to peace.
A notice was issued from strike head
quarters to-night that all - union miners
should keep away from .Fernie, B. • C,
where it "is" said a strike is in' progress. *
An attempt will be ¦ made to start at
least three mines in the "Wyoming region
to-morrow.- ¦ The ¦ Wyoming •_ Bilk, mill,
which has been idle for some time, will
resume to-morrow morning. The mill em
ploys 1100 hands, mostly girls. The strike
was a' sympathetic one. : . ' '•.} ,v :,
While a number of coal and iron police
men who are guarding the Nottingham
mine of the Lehlgh and , Wilkesbarre
Coal Company at Plymouth, were clean-,
-ing their firearms this morning one of the
guns went off and a bullet struck Benja
min A. Kerr in the. side, inflicting a very
serious wound. .- ; .r
WILKESBARRB, Pai, June 29.— The
beginning of the eighth week of the an
thracite miners' strike shows no change
in the situation. At^President Mitchell's
headquarters National , Board Member
John Fallon, who is in charge ; during
Mitchell's absence ' in . . the "West,
said to-night that the.;, miners
were just as determined as. ever, and un
less there was arbitration the strike is
destined to- go on indefinitely.. The na
tional member also denied that there was
any. suffering among the strikers.
The local operators seem to be a unit
In Baying, that a break in the- strikers'
ranks may come any time now. j This be
lief is based on reports which the opera
tors claim to have received from many
sources that the families of many. of the
strikers are in want. • /.;
STRIKE OF COAL MINERS
SHOWS NO SIGN OF ENDING,
Exchange cf Messages Resulting
From Torpedo Boat Disaster.
KIEL. June 29.— King Edward's tele-
. KAISER ANSWERS KING.
WASHINGTON, June 29.— Tha Presi
dent has appointed the following cadets
at large to the United States Military
Academy:
James M. Lockett, son of Captain James
Lockett, Fourth Cavalry; Reynolds Hayden,
son of Lieutenant Commander Edward K. Hay
den. U. S. N. ; Frederick T. Dickman. son of
Captain Joseph T. Dickman. Eighth Cavalry:
Jonathan M. Walnwright. son of Major R. F.
Watnwright. Fifth Cavalry; Walter' M. Teat
man, son of Major Richard } T. Yeatman.
Twenty-second Infantry; Marcellus H. Thomp
son, son of Captain John T. Thompson, Ord
nance Department: Henry B. Claget. son of the
late Major J. E. Claget, Second Infantry; W.
C. E. Nicholson, son of Captain William J.
Nicholson, Twelfth Cavalry; John S. Pratt,
son of Major Sedgwick Pratt, artillery corps;
and Henry W. -Torney, son of Major George H.
Torney, surgeon. U. S. A.
The cadets have been ordered to report
at. West Point on July 25.
at the Military Academy on
July 25.
Order Is Issued for Them to Report
'RESIDENT APPOINTS
CADETS TO WEST POINT
?'Every officer and man of the fleet,"
said the Emperor in his message, "is pro
foundly sensible that the first act of our
new admiral' should have been such a
kindJy worded message. They beg to ex
press their eincerest thanks for your
communication and join me in prayers
for the complete restoration of your pre
cious health." '
gram to Emperor William, expressing his
regrets with regard to the accident to
torpedo-boat No. 2 of the German navy,
which was run down and sunk by a Brit
ish steamer on June 24 at the mouth of
the Elbe, and of which King Edward said
be had just been informed, has been re
ceived. King Edward also expressed his
appreciation of the fact that the last or
der of the commander of the torpedo
boat, who was drowned, was that the
Englishmen should be saved first.
The Emperor replied to the King, eay
ing he was deeply touched by the sym
pathetic message, which had immediately
been signaled to the fleet.
SANTA ROSA, June This city was
!n the throes of the most bitterly contest
ed school election yesterday in its his
tory. Two tickets were in the field— one
opposed to the present management of
the schools and opposed to the retention
cf many of the teachers, and the other in
favor of present methods and teachers.
The terms of J. P. Overton, R. C. Moodey
.and C. W. Savage are about to. expire,
i and the election was to select successors
to these gentlemen. There were 857 votes
oast and the old board was re-electe<L
The vote stood as follows: Overton 521,
Savage 406, Coltrin 477, Laughlin 352,
Healey S50, Martin 313.
Santa Rosa School Election.
The naval officials generally have
shown a good deal of discretion and for
bearance in keeping these facts quiet.
Here was a plan of Congress to show
how much better outsiders could do than
the naval constructors' had done. The
builders paid the best men in. the profes
sion to draw designs. Some of the de
elgns were bought in- Europe. Yet" in
nearly every case the boats have proved
disappointing. In time ¦ these boats will
be replaced with better ones and the old
ones will be sent to the junk heap. They
cost from $160,000 , to $250,000 apiece and
they will be worn out probably feefpre the
next naval war comes along.
It is not the fault of the department that
the boats have shown up so badly, but the
department is the only one to blame for
their acceptance. Secretary Long was
told by Congress to give the contractors
a chance to draw their own plans, for
there was an idea in Congress at that time
that the outsiders could do better than
the regular naval designers and construc
tors; so the bidders put in their own plan3
and did all the work. The department had
nothing to do but carry out the wishes of
Congress.
As for the builders, most of them have
lost money on their- contracts, because,
after building the boats, they have had
to put out thousands of dollars on alter
ations, repairs, new designs for machin
ery, etc. i '
Before Secretary Long left the depart
ment many of the builders went to him.
and admitted the fact that they could not
meet -their speed contracts and that they
had gone into this business ignorantly.
Thoy wanted the Secretary to get Con
gress to make up their losses. Secretary
Long had the claims investigated, so that
they were reduced to the bare statement
of the money actually paid out, not
counting the cost of plants or anything
like that, and the facts will be put before
Congress next winter. But Secretary"
Long did not and Secretary Moody will
not promise any action by the depart
ment, except as Congress itself shall di
rect. . • .
More startling, however, is the an
nouncement that out of the twenty-eight
torpedo-boats and torpedo-boat destroy
ers launched during the past two yeara
only three— and those three built in Bath,
Me.— have met the Government, require
ments for speed, varying in .the several
cases from twenty-eight to thirty knots
an hour. The greater part of these boats
successfully passed the builders' test, but
were unable to meet the requirements of
the department. They have been, with the
exception of the -Boston-built boats, ac
cepted by the department, ¦ and nothing
has been said of their failure to show the
speed contracted for.
The fact that the four Boston-built tor
pedo-boats and torpedo-boat destroyers
have not been accepted by the Govern
ment has not beea made public, although
rumors to that effect have been circulated
in naval circles. Inquiry by The Call cor
respondent confirms these rumors.
BOSTON, June 29.— Through Congres
sional interference with the affairs of
the Navy Department the department
itself now faces a grave condition, ani
the Government is practically a loser of
from $4,&00,000 to $7,000,000. These sums
represent the amounts paid for torpedo-'
boats and torpedo-boat destroyers.
Dispatch to The Call,
OROVILLE. Jun© 29.— E. H. Gale, who
has been missing since a week ago last
Friday, was found dead this afternoon. He
had evidently attempted to descend ami
cross a deep ravine known as Sucker Run,
where he had fallen and in his weakened
condition he lay there and died of star
vation. GaJe' owned a large livery stable
in Oroville and a large ranch near Biggs.
His property is valued at about $20,000.
He Falls and Lies
Helpless.
While Attempting tor Cross a Ravine
KICH OROVTLLE MAN
DIES OF STARVATION
The captain, £ohn Little of Port Huron,
his wife and two daughters arrived at
Kellys s Island in a yawl early Sunday
morning. When they reached shoal water
near the .island the yawl capsized and
the occupants were -thrown into the
water. heavy seas washed them
ashore, and people who were watching
took them in charge. So far as is known
the four who reached Kellys Island are
the only survivors.
The Dunbar is a steams barge. 140 feet
in length. It cleared from Cleveland Sat
urday morning with coal for Alpena.
Captain Little ia the owner of the boat.
Captain Little devoted most of his ef
forts to saving the lives of his family.
He did not see the crew after leaving the
ves&el and is of the opinion that if they
took to a raft they must have perished,
because no small craft could live in the
&ea that was raging at the time. ' ..
SANDUSKY, Ohio, June 29.-The steam
barge George Dunbar went down in the
storm early Sunday morning ten. miles
east'of Kellys Island. The barge carried
ten persons. Six of them are still unac
counted for. They are: Mate Myron Tut
tle of Cleveland, Engineer Johnson of
Buffalo, Wheelman Eck of Sheboygan,
Fireman Charles Washie and two men
whose names are not yet learned.
Five hundred feet: of the north wall of
the Varied Industries Palace i at" the
World's Fair grounds fell last night as
the result of the storm, the water Under
mining the : foundations when the wind
was at its height. In places the World's
Fair grounds are covered with water. ;
One of the most disastrous floods in the
history of Alton, III., and vicinity result
ed to-day from the heavy rains of Fri
day and Saturday. At -4 o'clock this aft
ernoon it was estimated that 10,000 acres
had been covered with the overflow of
Wood River, which is three to six miles
wide. Moat of • this : land is either occu
pied by manufacturing interests or plant
ed in crops. The greatest single disaster
caused by the flood was the destruction
of the plant of the Stoneware PipeCom
pany at East Alton. The loss is esti
mated at $40,000.
In-Kansas, Iowa, Missouri, Illinois,. In
diana, Ohio and Pennsylvania the rainfall
during yesterday and to-day averaged from
one to 'two inches. About an inch on- the
average fell in the States north, while in
those in the south the rainfall was slight
ly less.
Much damage, the total estimated at
$250,000, resulted from the wind that ac
companied the rain.
Last night the wind attained a velocity
of almost fifty-five miles an hour, blow
ing, down trees, telephone, telegraph and
trolley poles and interfering with com
munication of all sorts. At least" 1000
shade trees in various parts of the city
are reported on the ground. From the
country surrounding came reports of de
struction to crops and the washing out of
railroad tracks and bridges, causing much
delay, to trains. •• •. .; \. -*
ST. LOUIS, June 29.-This cit? and vi
cinity is the center of a rainstorm of un
precedented severity that has prevailed
almost incessaptly since Saturday morn
ing. According to the" local weather bu
reau reports 5.45 inches of rain fell here
between 2:30 a. m. Saturday aiyl 8 p. m.
Sunday, and the end is apparently not in
sight. At times the storm equaled" a
cloudburst in severity. - .
The storm is the most widespread^ that
has been experienced, in this . country for
many years, according to weather bu
reau officials, extending from the Rocky
Mountains to the Alleghenies,:
Storm Extends From the
' Rocky Mountains to
Alleghenies.
Twenty-Five New Craft
Fall Far Below the
Requirements.
Captain Manages to Save
His Wife and Two
Daughters.
OROVILLE, June 29.— The five grain
and forest fires which swept through
parts of this section yesterday and last
night during a strong north wind caused
much damage. Two hundred tiers of
wood owned by Hood Grubbs, barns of
hay of William Bills arid George Snyder.
a house and barn of George Simpson, two
large barns with eighty tons of hay and
Htock sheds of William Dunstone were
lost. Other losers were John Watkina.
G. W. Miller, Scott Whipple and Jacob
Mansfi&ld. The loss is about $7000, with
partial insurance. Two hundred and fifty
men, women and boys fought the lire to
prevent it burning their homes. The fire
was caused by men having a tar kettle
ori - a pipe line. A region four miles wide
and six miles long was swept over.
Another fire, started from a steam
driller near Oroville. swept over 200 acres
One hundred acres of barley, ready for
cutting, was owned by Thomas McGee.
Fred Faul had a cow in pasture and could
not get her out in time to save her. H©
shot the animal to save her from burning
to death. " -
stroyed and Farmers Are
Heavy Losers.
Many Barns Filled With Hay De-
FLAMES NEAR OBOVILLE
BUIN MTJCH PROPERTY
WIND MD RUM
I CAUSE BIG LOSS
BARGE FOUNDERS
IN HEAVY STORM
•?-¦¦¦-; . •-•«• v - -, .,);¦¦ r
tains, for a month. Dr. Black will join
them there later on: • ; '
. SALLY SHARP.
us remember as Ethel Cook of Belvedere,
is still in th« city .with her husband/ and
I am glad to hear that they have de
cided to stay; in San Francisco for a year
or two. They will .probably do a good
deal of entertaining in their Sacramento
street houee, • and as Mrs. Postley is a
most beautiful woman and an exquisite
dresser their drawing rooms will be more /
than popular. : : ;-; ; .,.• : —
Miss' r Eteika;.wniiar and Miss Kathryn
Robinson are .having ; a summer in Ar
cadia of their own, tucked away in Wild
wood ; Glen, -o,n -HowelKMountaln, chap-',
eroned.. by th« Matter's sister, Mrs. S. s S.
Then er.. 'who Ctiraps, there each year witb.
her f f amlly. f ? ¦'¦' •.-.'.¦¦- .
'¦'."¦¦ *J?V*; ¦¦• '--.¦¦' ¦;-,-
Mrs. James A. and- Baby; Black, have j
left Hotel Rafaeland gone to the moun- ' '¦
SOCIETY WOMAN WHO IS
WORKING /IN BEHALF OF
CHARITY. '
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 29.-The Star
says: The largest cotton mill In the
world is to be built within twenty miles
of Kansas City.' Ten million dollars is
to be invested, $3,100,000 of which has al
ready been subscribed by Eastern and
Western men. "W. B. Smith Whaley.
president of the Olympia and Granby cot
ton mills of Columbia, S. C, is to be
president and general manager of the
enterprise. The mill will have 500,000
spindles and 32,000 looms. It will employ
4S00 operatives and have a pay-roll of
$2,450,000 a year. The capacity of the mills
will be 170.000 bales of cotton per year,
with an output of 75,000,000 pounds of fin
ished cloth. The value of the annual out
put will, it is estimated, amount to $12,
750,000. Electricty -will be used as the
motive power, and several new devices
¦r|11 be installed. There will be four mill
buildings, covering an aggregate of 2000
acres of gTound.' •
Th€ mill was promoted by Witten Mc-
Donald, formerly a banker in Kansas
City and later editor of the Kansas Cllv
Times, who recently has been interested
in mills at Mammoth Springs, Ark.
vested in a Plant in
Missouri.
Ten Million Dollars Are to Be In-
WILL BUILD LARGEST
t COTTON MILL IN WOBXD
Those who paid tribute to the memory
of Mr. Cummings were Messrs. McClellan
(D.) of New York and Foss (R.) of Illi
nois, Cannon (R.) of Illinois. Sulzer (D.) of
New York, McCall (R.) of Massachusetts,
Meyer (D.) of Louisiana, Clark (D.) of
Missouri, Dayton (R.) of West Virginia,
Goldfogel (D.f of New York, Lessler (R.)
of New York and Hooker (D.) of Mlssis
s>iPJ?L .. .:- . .. ..
Eulogies were then pronounced upon
the late Representative Otey of Virginia
by James Jones (D.) of Virginia, Jenkins
(R.) of Wisconsin, Flood (D.) of Virginia,
Lanham (D.) of Texas, Hay (D.) of Vir
ginia, Morris (R.) of Minnesota, Swanson
(D.) of Virginia, De Armond (D.) of Mis
souri, Rhea (D.) of Virginia, McCall (R.)
of .Massachusetts, Graff (R.) of Illinois,
W. W. Kitchen (D.) of North Carolina
and Lamb (D.) of Virginia. . . -
Then, at 3:25 o'clock, as a further mark
of respect to the memory of the two de
ceased members, the House adjourned
until 11 o'clock to-morrow morning.
MEMBERS WHO SPOKE.
But what of the other sid« of the river?
Revelation and faith tells us that we need not
go there alone, for we enjoy the universal de
sire that is to be found In each human unit
from the beginning of the race to the present
time for the life beyond this life. The univer
sal protest against extinction is the strongest
kind of evidence that our respective individual
ities are not to be wiped out, and ail hope and
believe that somewhere in the great beyond,
under universal law, we will each one continue
to achieve the place in the infinite existence
that we are entitled to occupy. .. • * ;
I trust when I shall cross the dark river that
I may arrive at that place in space or condi
tion where I ; shall meet such men as Amos J.
Cummings, and those with .whom I have served
that have crossed the river — Samuel J. Ban
dan. Benjamin Butterworth, S. S. Cox and
many others I could name — and tn thai'condi
tion I shall be glad and content. : • .
In order to find a precedent for the ses
sion to-day the House managers went
back to 1811. when the House held a ses
sion on March 2 because of the pressure
of public business two days before the
flnal adjournment, March 4.
Cannon, in his eulogy of Mr. Cummings
to-day, concluded his remarks as follows:
Frequently in times past the House has
met on Sunday and especially at the close
of a short session, but such sessions al
ways have been continuations of the leg
islative day of Saturday and the journal
on Monday showed no session on Sunday.
In this case, however, the Journal of to
day will be that of a regular legislative
day.
Although services have been held in the
House on Sunday on previous occasions,
notably the death of Henry Winter Da
vis, this was the first time in ninety-one
>ears when Sunday was made a legisla
tive day and the House met with a
Speaker, clerks and all the paraphernalia
that accompany the actual transaction of
legislative business.
REGULAB LEGISLATIVE DAY.
The widows and families of the de
ceased occupied the Speaker's pew in the
gallery and delegations from Typograph
ical Linion No. 6 of New York, the Letter
Carriers' Association and' the New York
Illots' associations came here to honor
Mr. Cummings' memory. The public gal
leries were filled. The eulogies were ex
ceedingly impressive,* especially that de
iivered by Cannon of Illinois, the veteran
chairman of the Appropriations Commit
tee, who paid a tribute from the heart to
the manly, honest character of Mr. Cum
mings.
WASHINGTON, June 29.— The House of
Representatives had a session to-day to
p&y tribute to the memory of the late
Representative Amos Cummings of New
York and the late Representative J. Otey
of Virginia. By special direction of Sec
retary Moody the marine band was in
attendance in the lobby in the rear of
the hall and rendered an appropriate mu
sical programme.
Owing to some friction between the In
dian and the Colonial offices, there will be
two separate reviews of the Horse Guards
parade. The colonial troops will be re
viewed on Tuesday and the Indian troops
on "Wedsesday... The Prince of Wales will
-attend on both days.
Joseph H. Choate, the United States Em
bassador; Joseph Chamberlain, Colonial
Secretary of State: Mrs. Chamberlain and
some cf the colonial premiers now in
London, were guests of the Honorable So
ciety of Grays Inn at luncheon to-day and
emended a service of Intercession for the
recovery of the King at the quaint little
chapel of the society.
Several postponed functions are being
arranged. Lord and Lady Lansdowne an
nounced that their reception would be
held on July L The King has commanded
that the Prince and Princess of Wales
shall represent their Majesties at the In
dia Office's reception to be held on July 4.
Lord Cranborne authorizes the following
statement:
King Edward is rapidly getting better and
th« moment, therefore, stems most appropriate
for public rejoicing. As chairman of the
bonfires committee, I suggest that bonfires
throughout the country b& lighted Monday
night.
Buckingham Palace has worn a gayer
appearance to-day than for a week past,
and the constant coming . and going of
royalty and streams, of carriages bore
testimony to the increased confidence
that the King would recover. In the aft
ernoon the Prince and Princess of Wales
paid a long visit to Buckingham Palace.
This evening the Queen and the royal
ladies dined in sight of the public through
the windows in front of the palace, many
thousands of persons being gathered in
the space before the building.
The King was again successfully trans
ferred from his bed to a movable couch.
GAYETY AT BUCKINGHAM.
Sir Francis Knollys, the King's private
secretary; Sir Dighton. McNaghten-Pro
byn, keeper of the private puree and ex
tra equerry to the King, and almost the
entire royal household attended the eer
»-ices in Marlborough House chapel. The
Queen, who had not previously left the
precincts cf Buckingham Palace since the
King was stricken, received a sympa
thetic greeting. The public was delighted
with evidence of the King's continued
improvement.
Throughout the United Kingdom all re
ligious denominations made a similar in
tercession for the sovereign's recovery.
Monseigneur Merry del Val, the Papal
Envoy to the coronation of King Edward,
conducted a service in Brompton Oratory
this afternoon, his congregation Including
Sir Wilfrid Laurier and Lady Laurier and
other Canadians.
Queen Alexandra, the Prince of Wales
and all the other members of the royal
family now in London attended a similar
morning service in Marlborough House
chapel, while there was a large gathering
of peereses and peers at a service held at
noou in the Chapel Royal at St. James
Palace.
Sunday has again been a day of in
tercessional service throughout the king
dom for the recovery of King Edward
Jn the morning a vast crowd of tht» gen
eral public gathered at St. Paul's Cathe
dral. There were present a representaf
tive gathering of Government and colo
nial officials and uniformed colonial offi
cers. The Duke and Duchess of Coo
naught and their children and Lord and
Lady Lansdowce sat under the dome. An
impressive service was conducted by the
Bishop of Stepney and Right Rev. Cosmo
Gordon Lang, and at its conclusion the
whole audience sang "God Save the
King.".
PBAYEES FOE THE KING.'
This bulletin was not expected until 10
o'clock, consequently the few persons
who were passing in the neighborhood of
the palace were the only ones attracted
to the announcement. When the footmen
h&d posted the notice, however, the
crowds soon increased, early churchgoers
•topping to read the latest news and pass
ing on with expressions of thankfulness.
A bulletin posted at the palace at 4
o'clock this alternoon said the King's
progress was in every way satisfactory
and that the local discomfort had de
creased. The physicians announced at
twenty minutes to 10 o'clock to-night that
the royal patient's condition was entirely
satisfactory and that no further bulletins
would be jssued to-night.
The Klr^r feels (Stronger, in spite of some dis
comfort trom the wound. Nothing has occurred
to disturb the satisfactory progress he is mak
ing.
LONDON, June 23.— Last night passed
with lwss incident at Buckingham palace
than any other night since the operation
was performed upon King Edward. There
¦were fewer watchers outside the palace,
the public apparently having accepted the
announcement that the King has passed
the point of immediate danger. The fol
lowing bulletin was issued at 9 o'clock
this morning:
COPENHAGEN, June SO.— Queen Alex
andra has invited the deputation of Dan
|gh Hussars to return to London at the
er.d of September for the coronation of
the Kinc •> . ',=
tney wouiu not vote ror mm.
"That San Pedro criminal libel case i3
being talked of all over the State, and
the only sentiment I have heard express
ed is that Gage, in taking the case to San
Pedro, sought to vent personal spit© in
stead of to secure justice. The people
cannot understand why he took the case
to a point remote from San Francisco.*
where it might have been speedily^ tr!tu
and decided. By those with whom n con
versed his action in taking the case to
San Pedro ia regarded as an effort to play
politics and not to secure a» vindication.
He has not helped himself by this action.
"In Sacramento Flint will divide the
delegation with Gage. In spite of. the fact
that Gage ia claiming the entire Sacra
mento delegation I know that he will get
only about half of It. Four-fifths of the
delegates thus far elected have been in
structed fcr Flint and others will receive
similar instructions. We will go to the
. state convention from Los Apgeies Coun
ty with at .least 40 per cent of the dele
gates and we hope to have 60 per cent.
I consider Gage already beaten, but the
Flint supporters will not cease work until
the nomination has been made."
LOS ANGELES. June 29.— Former Stata
Senator Robert N. Bulla returned to-day
from Yosemite Valley, where he ha3 been
with Senator Thomas Flint Jr. and Sen
ator Belshaw.. He has been in the cen
tral portion of the State for several
weeks, making a study of the political
situation with reference to the guberna
torial contest. He has been prominently
identified with the candidacy of Senator
Flint for Governor ever since it was an
nounced. Aaked what hi3 views of tho
situation were he said to-night:
"I am surprised at the unanimity or
sentiment in the central portion of tha
State, the San Joaquin Valley and north
of it, against the renomination and re
election of Gage. The Gage forces had
been claiming that part of the State, and
I went into it to ascertain what basis
existed for their claims. I was agree&bly
surprised at the result. ?
"I did not go only to anti-Gage men
but among men in politics whom I have
known for years, and asked them confi
dentially as to the situation. Almost in
variably I received replies that indicated
an almost universal sentiment against
Gage, or not so much against Gage per
sonally as against the boss rule and ma
chine domination which has so marke-i
his administration.
"At Fresno I learned of two Govern
ment employes, one of them a deputy un
der Revenue Collector Lynch and another
a Deputy United States Marshal, who
made a tour through several counties on
business and incidentally asked those
about them what they thought of Gage.
They reported that out of twenty-six in
fluential citizens to whom the inquiry was
put twenty-five stated that they hoped
Gage would not be renominated and fur
ther asserted that if ne is renominated
they would not vote for him. _ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Careful Survey. of the Political SU
uation/Fumishes Abundant Evi
dence of tha Governor's Far
Fall in Party Estimation.
Pay G1J)wing Tribute to Memory of
the Late Amos Cummings of .
New York and J. Otey
of Virginia.
King Edward Continues to Improve
and Buckingham Palace As
sumes an Air of
Gayety.
Representatives Pronounce
Eulogies Upon Two Who
Have Died.
Danish Hussars Are Asked
to Return to London
in Autumn.
Tells of Significant
Remarks.
Former State Senator Balla
Percy F. Miel Had many warm friends
here. His former wife and two children
reside with Mrs. Miel's father, ex -Judge
Sullivan of Alameda. A recent decision
of the court here In some mining litigation
gave the deceased $6000. Only a* part of
this had been received by him, and just
how much remains for the widow and
children is not known.
In response to a telegram sent to the
brother this morning, the Rev. Mr. Miel
telegraphed to have the body embalmed
and sent at once to the north. It will be
shipped to-morrow at noon.
Miel had lived in Los Angeles about four
years,- coming here from San ' Francisco.
His father, a very old man, is a retired
clergyman of the Episcopal church and
lives In Philadelphia. An elder brother,
also connected with the same organiza
tion, has for several years been rector of a
leading church in San Francisco. Some
years ago, while in spiritual charge o,f a
Sausallto flock, he was elected and served
through one session as chaplain of the
State Senate.
¦ Now it is discovered that the man's real
name was Percy F. Miel, and the reason
for his false registration is' more or less
of a mystery to his friends here.
•In the afternoon he had chartered a
.boat for a row. They had been paddling
about the bay for some time, when sud
denly he fell backward into the water
and there floated, face down and some
little distance beneath the surface, until
brought up a few minutes later by th*j
boatmen who came at once to the rescue
on hearing the woman's cries. All ef
forts at resuscitation proved unavailing
and the death was apparently not caused
by drowning. The. woman who passed as
his wife stated that he was subject to
epileptic fits, and that one of these was
probably what caused his death.
LOS ANGELES, June 29.— Last Friday
a man calling himself P. F. Turner of
Bisbee, Ariz., died in $he bay of Avalon
under very peculiar circumstances. He
had come from Los Angeles that morn
ing with a woman whom he said was his
wife.
Special Dispatch .to The, Call.
Invitation Extended by
the Queen Reveals
New Plans.
Goes Back Ninety-One
Years to Find a
Precedent.
Sentiment Against Re
nomination Almost
Unanimous.
Deep Mystery Shrouds His
Effort to Conceal
- : Identity.
Man .Drowned in the
Bay of Avaloin Was
Percy F. Miel.
- i ¦ ¦ ¦ •
TORPEDO BOATS
SHORT OF SPEED
Mrs. Sterling Postley, whom most of
We have been known in the . past to
consider the~color scheme! in selecting our
summer wardrobe, but somebody seems
to have gone mad this season. The milli
ner sent forth the flat for the bluest and
greenest of veils, and we obey her dic
tates blindly, although our better -sense
tells us the combination Is unpardonable
and the artists rail at the glaring anrt
inharmonious effects. Still we call ours a
free country. - . - .
Our milliners may know why we have
both blue and green chiffon loaded upon
our summer hats. I do not. :
The church was beautifully decorated.
Their Imperial Highnesses Comte and
Ccraptesse d'Eu and their suite, including
the Baron and Baronne de Muritiba, were
among the first to arrive.
A pretty wedding took place far across
the sea in Paris at high noon on June 11
last. Prominent people from many coun
tries were present when Dr. Charles J.
Koenig, an American physician, and
Mile. Luiza de Araujo were united ' in
marriage. The bride's family is very well
known in Brazil, where both her grand
fathers successively occupied the post of
Regent during the minority of Dom Pe
dro. Mile, de Araujo is a charming young
lady and moves in the best French soci
ety. Dr. Koenig, who has resided for
some years past in Paris, is the son of
Anton Koenig, so well known in the
United States.
Little Lord Faunticroy is with us again.
This time we have no paper imitation,
but the one living originai— the genuine
article— in the personage of Vivian Bur
nett, who has come to this city for a
brief stay. If Mrs. Frances Hodgson
Burnett were to write a sequel to that
charming story, with her son as the hero,
would. she still go into raptures over his
curls or come down to plain facts and
say that he is even getting bald? How
would we accept the change? In private
life we may fall in love with
men whose lack of hair seems their one
limitation; in fact, we almost go out of
our way to appreciate their good points,
but in book lore— where ideals scarcely
vary a hair's breadth from perfection—
never! However, Mr. Burnett is doubly
interesting out of the book, even though
he bears not tha faintest resemblance to
the erstwhile Little Lord Fauntieroy.
This lord of to-day is exceptionally
clever, having inherited the literary
tastes of his gifted mother. Mr. Burnett
is being much entertained in San Fran
cisco's littie world of letters, where he is
adding many strong friends and admirers
to his coterie in the East. Mr. Burnett is
associate editor of McClure's Magazine.
ADMIRING attention is attracted
to Mrs. Josephine Morris tie
Greayer, so faithfully has she
worked since her brother's
death to establish a reading
room for j the . adult blind at the
Free Public Library. Mrs. de Grea
yer is one of the few society
women who find time for constant active
philanthropic work. She is not satisfied
with simply subscribing. This room,
which Mrs. De Greayer has been working
these three years to establish, could have
been opened ere this with private sub
scriptions, but she had the future of the
room at heart and wanted it to be in the
library and under the control of the trus
tees for all time to come. Within ten
days it will be decided whether the base
ment room of the branch library at
Fourth and Clara streets, offered by ex-
Mayor Phelan, shall be accepted..
Mrs. de Greayer' s well-directed energy
stems to be bearing fruit. Her co-work
ers are: Mrs. W. B. Harrington, Mrs.
Ralph C. Harrison, Mrs. John F. Merrill.
Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, Mrs. George J. Buck
nail, Mrs. I. Lowenberg, Mrs. Albert Ger
oerding, Geraldine Bonner, Mrs.
Isaac Belcher. Mrs. George E. Billings,
Mrs. Walter M. Willett, Mrs. B. F. Ndr
ris, Mrs. Charles H. Wood, Mrs. George
Bowman, Miss Mary Very, Mrs. Colin
Bcyd, Mrs. J. O'B. Gunn, Mrs. John H.
Loosley, Mrs. W. P. Redington, Mrs. Ed
ward Wright, Mrs. J. M. Curtis, Miss
Laura McKinstry, Mrs. John F. Swift,
Mrs. Kate Bulkley, Mrs. Austin Sperry,
Mabel Ayer, Mrs. Harry N. Gray
and Miss Kate Gunn.
HOUSE HOLDS
A SESSION ON
THE SABBATH
CORONATION
IS SET FOR
SEPTEMBER
2
STRANGE DEATH
PUZZLES FRIENDS
HOW SOCIETY WOMAN FOSTERS
MERITORIOUS PHILANTHROPY
GAGE "GOME"
IN CENTRAL
CALIFORNIA
THE SAN PBANOISCO CALL, MONDM, JU^E 30, 1902.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
KILL THE DAITDSUTP GERM.
Ct Your Hair Will Tall Out Till You
Become Bald.
Modern science has discovered that
dandruff is caused by a germ that digs
up the scalp in scales as it burrows down
to the roots of the hair, where it de-
stroys the hair's vitality, causing: falling:
hair, and, ultimately, baldness. After Pro-
fessor Unna of Hamburg, Germany, dis-
covered the dandruff germ, all efforts to
lind a remedy failed until the great lab-
oratory discovery was made which re-
sulted In N'ewbro's Herpicide. It alone
of all other hair preparations kills the
dandruff germ. Wifnout dandruff, hair
grows luxuriantly. "Destroy the cause
you remove the effect"
XT^x VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
4t2~ySL MORMON BISHOP'S PILJ^S
P&Z&S-.Srk *> ave teen In use over fifty
ftSF|rV»25sii years by the leader* of the
r**5jg»iS JESl Mormon Church and their
fc£?>t \£ V -3 followers. Positively cure the
EvtttlYvllQl worgt cases in eld and young
Hk^rA Bra arfslns from effacW of Eelf-
MmlfHB abuse, distlpation. excesses or
TraHfca&tfir- clgarette-emoking. Cure lost
Manhood,_ Impotency, Lost
'lUHmSG* Power, Nlgfat Lose«8, Insom-
Bla. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back
JCervous Debility. Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
' i-y, tioss of Semen, *r» Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner «^ (I vous Twitching cf
Eyelids, Effects are £Z.JZm Immediate. Im-
part vifjor and pote *"» /I • • ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand.
Restore email, undevelooed organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; COc a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to curs or
u;oney refunded with 6 Voxw?. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. « Eills tt..
Ban Francieco, CaL GRANT DRUG CO 38
and 40 Third t*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good enough
Havana Filler \
** FL0R0DORA" BANDS an
cf same value as tags from
"STAR," "HORSE SHOE."
"SPEARHEADS-STANDARD NAV7"
"OLD PEACH & HONEYr
•• SA WLOC" " OLE VARCINY" '?
£t "MASTER WORKMAN" Ttccce. I
8 ' 1 1
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
IHUSEUU OF ANATOHY*
¥ 9 i:amszK3T.i«t.ca*?i, S.J.W. A
\ ¦ !t{ • The 1 - ar * est Anatomical Museum la the \
B iiiV-^ Worid. Weaknesses or any contracted A
Z. W?m *««»«.I»»»««»»«re.r,4n,th e oJ < leit T
O /SmEJ SpwWiit on the Coasc list jS yean. Q
4 flflSf DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MSH $
\ 1 6i??J; Consultation free and stii<-t!y prlnte. \
A I jShT I Treatment personally or by latter. A &
\ 1 W h f*">^>* Qir« in e»«rycasB undertaken. \
US Ul i w nte for Book. PHI LO«)Pnl,l A
T * II 1 " MAW«IA«K. MAILED FXSS. {AT
A Ct IP valuable book for mm) \
V DB.JOBDA5 A CO.. 1051 Mar!r»t St.. 9. F. V
_JCf^ El cl ' Rig \A fa 1 ft4 - fiL^
%J& FAVORITE
pSCRIPHON
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN. .Robertson Walks Into Jail.
SALT LAKE CITY, June 29:— Alexander
A. Robertson, member of the City. Coun
cil and paying teller in Wells-Fargo's
Bank, who disappeared yesterday morn-
Ing and whose accounts" In the bank
showed a shortage of. between $85,000 and
$90,000. gave himself up to the police late
to-night and is now in the County Jail.
The quickest and most convenient way In
and out of the Yocemite Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 8 a. m. on the 'California Limited you
are In Yosemite to-morrow nt 6 p. m.\
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, 641 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. . « •
Yosemite Via ¦ the Santa Fe.
STILL UNABLE TO AGREE.
Conferees on Philippine Government
BUI Hold Sabbath. Session.
WASHINGTON. June 30.— The conferees
on the Philippine Government bill were
In session a large part of the Sabbath.
They met in the forenoon at Senator
Lodge's house, breaking up about i
o'clock and reassembling at 9 o'clock.
After the conference took a recess at 4
o'clock It was stated that no agreement
had been reached on the coinage and Phil
ippine legislation branches of the bill, but
that indications were favorable to an
agreement.
The night session of the conference last
ed until 1:30 this (Monday) morning. It
was not conclusive, an arrangement being
made to meet again at 10 o'clock this
morning. It was stated by the conferees
that there was little doubt that an agree
ment could be reached at the session to
day' in time to be reported to Congress
during the day, thus assuring a speed/
adjournment of Congress. The questions
still at issue relate to coinage, a Philippine
Legislature and land matters.
The session on the Philippine bill to-day
was one of the Republican conferees, the
Democrats not being united pending an
agreement by the majority.
BERLIN, June 29.— The Boerse had an
extremely, dull look last week, and many
prominent securities were misquoted for
some days because of the lack of trans
actions. All departments scored declines,
especially coal shares and Irons, and ma
chinery shares were unusually heavy.
The present tendency of speculators is
to : close | out*'engagements for the sum
mer vacation,, believing that no improve
ment Is probable In the immediate fu
ture, and that the forthcoming yearly re
ports will prove, disappointing. Another
disquieting factor is found in the latest
•reports of the; coal and iron industries.
The recent improvement in the coal situa
tion- seems to have been reversed. The
coal mines not belonging, to the syndicate
are increasing their competition, with tha
syndicate, h^nce the stocks of coal- of * the
latter are beginning, to accumulate at "the
mines. .The coke syndicate intends to.in
crease the restriction of the coke output
for the. month of July to 35 per cent; Re
ports published last week represent th»
iron situation as weakening. - Buyers are
less Inclined to give orders and are reslst
ingprlces," which are already too low for
profitable work. ;r ;. .-....- •;
; Bank stocks were all , lower last- ; week,
LONDON. June 29 —With, .only three
days. of business last week the' stock ex
change shows little that is worth record
ing. King Edward's illness - flattened
everything, prices falling in anticipation
of sharp selling, but no sales o£ import
ance were made. Quotations revived,
however, and the decline on the week
proved generally small. The demand for
money was strong, the holiday settlement
and the turn of , the half-year all falling
together. The market was forced to go
about £10,000,000 in debt to the bank, but
there is an expectation of easier rates dur
ing the coming month and talk of gold ex
ports from New York. The general feel
ing- is that there is good business ahead,
barring a serious relapse' in. the condition
of the King. . ,
ILLNESS OF KING
AFFECTS PRICES
notwithstanding a number of bond and
stock flotations from which goocl earn
ings may be expected. The monthly set
tlement is passing off much more favor
ably, for news than is usual.
Horse Trainer Is Found Murdered.
DENVER, June 29.— George Meyer, a
horse trainer who has been living in a
tent in the bottoms near Zang's brewery
with Cornelius Dailey, a peddler, was
found dead at noon to-day, with his head
beaten to a pulp. Dailey ia missing, as
are Meyer's belongings, and the police
are working on' the theory that the ped
dler , murdered hts companion. Meyer was
last seen alive last Thursday. '
ing has been done all over the State and
Elks from the various cities have prom
ised to attend. From San Francisco an
excursion will be run. An attendance of
15.000 at the two performances Is count
ed on. ¦:
has.lt. The sawdust ring will be there
with gayly caparisoned horses and daring
riders, while the crack of the whip of the
ringmaster and the joke of the clown will
be heard. On the elevated stage In the
center society men will do their stunts
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE ORDER OF ELKS IN SAN JOSE,
WITH SOME PRELIMINARY GLIMPSES OF THE PARTS THEY
WILL PLAY IN THE GREAT CIRCUS.
The unveiling was attended with simple
ceremony, in the presence of some of
those who had helped the dead President
execute the will of the people. Well
known men added their tributes toj.the
solemn melodies of the choir ¦ In' making
the occasion a memorable one. The Amer
ican flag that concealed the. tablet was
drawn aside as the congregation sang
with deep feeling "Nearer, My God, to
Thee." The tablet occupies a position on
the north wall of the main auditorium,
midway between the two entrances to the
church. President Roosevelt and Secre
tary Cortelyou were present. Addresses
were made by Rev. Dr. Frank Bristol,
pastor of the church, Senator Fairbanks,
Representative Grpsvenor and Represent
ative R. W. Taylor of Ohio, who repre
sents the district in Congress formerly
represented by President McKinley.
WASHINGTON, June 29.-A small tab
let of white marble bearing in letters of
gold a brief of the life and deeds of Wil
liam McKinley. the tribute of his friend.
Judge Thomas H. Anderson, formerly' of
Ohio, but now a member of the District
bench, was unveiled In the Metropolitan
M. E. Church here to-day.
Ceremonies Held in Metropolitan
M. E. Church, Washington.
President Roosevelt Attends Simple
McKINLEY MEMORIAL
TABLET IS UNVEILED
Fourth of July. Never before has
anything created such a furor with the
people, and the Elks have promised that
it will exceed any show ever given in the
Garden City. The three-ring, all-rail
shows of Forepaugh and Barnum are to
be outdone, so the promoters say. Jack
son Hatch, the general manager, and Dr.
D. F. McGraw, the advertiser, have se
cured a list of attractions that cannot be
beaten. Not only has Santa Clara County
and the State been drawn upon for ex
hibits, but many of the outside States
will be represented. I
For the past month the Elks have been
preparing for tho circus. A tent to cost
$2000 has been made to order. This will
he pitched in the lot at the corner of
Sixth and Santa Clara streets to-morrow
uipht. The canvas is 200 by 200 feet and
will cover 10,000 people. Around this are
to bo six side shows and their exhibits.
Everything will be as the real circus
SAN JOSE, June 29.— All San Jose
is on the tiptoe of excitement in
anticipation of the great circus to
be given by the Elks on the
Of the appropriation bills only the gen
eral deficiency and the naval bill remain
to receive the finishing touches. There
are still some points of difference on each
of these measures between Iho two
houses, but none that cannot be har
monized whenever tho Philippine bill
shall be out of the way. Neither house
will attempt much other business. The
Senate calendar contains a number of
measures which can be discussed, and
there Is an understanding in the House
that the militia bill shall be used as a
baBe of discussion to fill in the time when
conference reports are not at hand for
consideration. There is also an under
standing that the London dock charges
bill shall be taken up under a suspension
of the rules after the adoption of the res
olution fixing the hour for adjournment.
Both houses will close the session with
exceptionally clean calendars and with
the feeling on all sides that it has been
a session of important achievements.
WASHINGTON. June j 29-Tbe exact
time when the political sression of Con
gress shall come to a close cannot ba
foretold. There is no definite information
as to when an agreement will be reached
upon the Philippine civil government bill.
However, the consensus of opinion places
the adjournment on Tuesday, or at the
latest Wednesday. This prediction in
volves the opinion [ that the Philippine
conferees will be able to conclude their
work to-morrow. That they can do this
is quite evident, in view of what has al
ready been accomplished in the way of
harmonizing the differences on that bill
and on account of the probability that
parts of the measure will be dropped in
case it should appear that no agreement
can be reached except through a pro
longed exchange of views. Neither house
is disposed to extend the.sesslon for more
than a day or two for the purpose of ob
taining an agreement on all the features
of the bill, when it is felt on all hands
that the preservation of no one feature
of the bill is necessary to its success as
a whole. It is not believed in any quarter
that either house will consume a great
deal of time in debating the conference
report when reported, but lest the debate
should run longer than -is expected the
resolution fixing the time for adjourn
ment will not be brought in until the
Philippine conference report shall have
been made to and accepted by both
houses.
Congress Will Adjourn . on Wedncs-
day at the Latest.
ITS WORK NEARLY DONE.
There have been several Investigations
during the session which have attracted
much attention. An investigation of con
ditions in the Philippines, conducted by
the Philippines Committee of the Senate,
has led to the examination of many wit
nesses high In the conduct of civil and
military affairs on the Islands. Another
Senate Inquiry has related the condition of
affairs in Cuba, especially as to sugar.
In the. House sensational charges made
in connection with the purchase of the
Danish West Indies led to an investiga
tion, which disclosed the groundless na
ture of the. charees.
Cannon also omitted contract- for fu
ture expenditure included in the omnibus
public building bill, the omnibus claims
and various other bills, aggregating a
large amount. This will carry the total
for the session, figuring in these future
amounts, almost, if not quite up to the
billion dollar mark. The appropriation
bills have contained little extra legisla
tion, being confined generally to the regu
lar needs of the various branches of the
Government. The naval bill provided for
an addition of two battleships, two ar
mored cruisers and two gunboats to the
navy, and a provision is still in contro
versy as to whether one of each class of
these ships shall be built in Government
yards.
BILLION-DOLLAR MARK.
priations a few weeks ago he made the
total up to that tjme $691,445,000. Since then
the canal bill has passed, carrying a pres
ent appropriation of $40,000,000 for the
franchise and enough more for the rlghi.3
of Colombia and for beginning the work
to carry the total up to $50,000,000. The en
tire cost of the undertaking is, approxi
mately. $184,030,000.
DENVER. Colo., June 29.— Toronto ..av
ing been selected as the meeting place
of the next triennial • convention of the
International Sunday School convention
in 1905, the world-wide convention in 1904
will be held at Jerusalem. At the last
world-wide convention in London in 1894
the executive committee was empowered
to select the next meeting place, a prefer
ence being expressed for either Toronto
or Geneva. A quorum of the members of
that committee are here upon interna
tional convention business and they have
already practically agreed to hold the
next worldwide convention at the Holy
City.
Place of the World-Wide
Convention.
Select the Holy City as the Meeting
SUNDAY- SCHOOL WORKERS
WILL GO TO JERUSALEM
MANILA. Jur.e 29.-A detachment of
United States marines and a force of the
native constabulary have had an engage
ment with a large body of ladrones- in
Monong Province, Luzon. One marine
and seven ladrones were .killed.
The board which Inquired into the
charges of cruelty, etc., brought by M»-
Jor (JorneliU3 Gardener, Qdvernor of tho
province of Tnyabas. against American
officers and soldiers, being desirous of
completing its sittings, held a session to
day. The recorder objected to the admis
sion as evidence of addresses from Fili
pinos on the ground that these wero
merely buncombe and not worthy of con
sideration. He said that every regiment
was deluged with such addresses, tho
worst regiments getting the most praiae.
He said that Major Gardener should
have called the affiants when he was at
Lucena. in Tayabas Province, and tha;
the court would personally undertake to
obtain 600 affidavits regarding conditions
in Tayabas. The Filipinos, said the re
corder, are designing and past masters
in the act of affidavits and addresses and
the board had allowed the affidavits pre
sented by Major Gardener, but refused to
receive more.
Major Gardener, continuing his testi
mony, said he had considered his original
report to be strictly confidential and for
Secretary of War Root, and that since
he wrote this report and during the pres
ent investigation he had heard testimony
¦which he presumed to be true, which, had
he heard before, might have caused him
materially to have altered his report. Ho
said that insurgent troops might have
been temporarily disbanded and hidden
and no one except themselves cognizant
of their existence. Regarding the al
leged, cases of outrages committed by five
scidiers. Major Gardener said he did not
desire to bring these cases before the
board and that they probably were not
true, although he had made his report in
good faith, as the original affidavits
proved. I
Regarding the charge that American
soldiers in the summer and fall of 1901
had administered the water cure to na
tives. Major Gardener said that he re
ceived information to that effect from,
deputations of citizens from towns near
which the cure was said to have been
jdven.
Brigadier General George "W. Davis, In
command of the American forces at Zarc
boanga, Mindanao, has been ordered tu
Manila to take command of the Depart
ment of the North. <
Brigadier General Samuel S. Sumner will
succeed General Davis at Zamboanza.
According to official reports there have
been in Manila up tp date 1740 cases of
cholera and 1385 deaths from the disease.
The same reports for the provinces show
9444 cases and 7038 deaths. Lieutenant
Colonel Louis M. Maus, the Insular Health
Commissioner, says that there probably
have been 2000 deaths from cholera In tha
provinces of which it has been Impossible
to get records.
COLORADO 8PRINQS, Colo.. June 29.—
At 10:10 this morning an excursion train
on the Colorado Midland Railroad, com
ing down Ute Pass from Cripple Creek,
struck a broken rail and seven cars piled
into a shapeless *heap. One man, Francis
M. English, a prominent musician of tins'
city, was instantly killed and about forty
passengers were more or less seriously
injured, three or four probably fatally.
The dead:
FRANCIS M. ENGLISH, Colorado
Springs.
The Injured:
Mary O'Rourke. aged 13, 100 Portland ave
nue, Victor, left arm torn off, face cut and In
ternally Injured; may tile.
Dr Estelle Lewis, 124 UVst Carr avenue.
Cripple Cre.-k. eight ribs on right aide broken,
left wrist fractured, bruises and Internal In
juries.
* James Green, 105 West Eaton street. Crlppla
Creek, leg broken, face bruised.
Frank Guyer, 311 South Eighth street. Crip
ple Creek, collar bone broken •
Mary Klntsell. Goldneld, cut Up and cut and
bruised.
Mrs. Vander-Weyden 316 Irene street. Crip
ple Creek, face badly bruised.
William Vander-AVeyden, Cripple Creek lei
sprained.
Vander-Weyden. baby daughter, face
bruised.
Charles Carlson, Buffalo Springs, face cut
badly.
D. H. Smith, Cripple Creek. all te«th
knocked out. mouth and thumb cut.
Mrs. Simon O'Rourke. neck sprained.
O'Rourke, htr son, face cut and
bruised.
A. E. Parker. 223 Main avenue. Cripple
Creek, leg sprained, head cut.
Parker, his son. head badly cut.
J. R. Weymar, Bid South Nevada avenue,
Colorado Springs, head cut.
Henry Pickens. Woodland Park. back
sprained.
Mrs. George Powell. Omaha, leg broken
George Turnage. 441 Colorado avenue. Crip
ple Creek, badly shaken up and bruised. ¦
. L. E. Disque of Tompklns Supply Company,
Cripple Creek, knee badly cut cannot walk.
R. R. Hadden. Goldfleld. bad scalp wound.
F. Baker, Cripple Creek, scalp wound
C. Cotton, Cripple Creel: cuts and bruises.
H. Cutler, Denver, cut and severely shocked.
H. J. Olds. Cripple Creek, cuts and bruises.
H. M, Parker. Victor, cuts and bruises.
Mrs. White. Cripple Creek, cuts and bruises.
Rose Redford, Cripple Creek, cuts and
bruises.
H. Hellenblne. Victor, cuts and bruises.
G. A. Grant. Victor, cuts and bruises.
B. M. Chamberlain. Divide, cuts and bruises.
; Rachel Martz, Goidfleld, cuts and bruises
Mrs. M. Klntsell. Goldfleld. cuts and bruises.
H. Holstrom. Goldneld. cut about the head.
. Oscar Peterson, Cripple Creek, back sprained.
5 John P. Connon. Goldfleld.
Colonel J. S. Chlray, Cripple. Creek, badly
shaken up.
The wreck occurred at an abandoned
station known as Culburs siding, one
mile above Cascade, in Ute Pass, and
twelve miles from Colorado Springs, a
passenger rate war .that had been In ef
fect for seven months between the rail
roads running from this city to Cripple
Creek had been called off, the rates to
go up July 1, and as a result the train
was crowded by excursionists who want
ed to take advantage of the cheap rate.
The cars that left the tracks and went
over the embankment contained 371 pas
sengers, and it is almost miraculous that
the death list was not enormous.
The second 'car on the train," a day
coach, was crushed to kindling wood, be
ing turned completely over on its end, so
that the rear end of the coach was for
ward. The third coach- plunged clear
through the second and it was in the for
ward end of this car that Knglish waa
killed. His neck was caught between
two seats and he strangled to death be
fore help could reach him. He was com
ing to Colorado Springs from Cascade to
play the organ at St. Stephen's Episco
pal Church, where he had been organist
for several years.
• A relief train went to the scene from
this city and returned at 1:30, bringing
the dead and injured here. The injured
were taken to ' St. Francis Hospital,
where all are doing as well as could be
expected. The little O'Rourke girl is ex
pected to die at any time and Miss Ea
telle Lewis, a dentist of Cripple Creek, Is
in a very critical condition.
Dr. H. P. Packard of Gillett, Colo., who
was en route to this city, was the only
physician on the train. He did most he
roic and efficient service before the physi
cians and relief supplies could be sent
from this city.
The location' of the wreck was such
that there is. no delay to traffic. The
track is torn up for fully 100 yards, but
it is an old siding and the sidetrack was
not blocked. This fact facilitated the
work of clearing the wreck.'
'. Engineer J. B. Stephen and Conductor
Ben Beynon were in charge of the train.
TRAMWAY CAR JUMPS
TRACK ON SHARP CURVE
Eleven of the Passengers Are Badly
Injured and Four of Them Are
Expected to Die.
DENVER, Colo., June 20.— Eleven per
sons were injured, four of them fatally,
last night by the wrecking of a tramway
car which was returning to the city from
Elltch's gardens. The injured: Mrs. F.
E. Wessel, 3030 Mead street, concussion
of the brain and neck injured; Mrs. W.
F. Rogers, 625 Twenty-fifth street, head
cut, shoulders bruised and severely shock
ed; Lena M. Houghtonel, 260 South Broad
way, back and shoulders badly bruised
and internal injuries; Celestia Dozler. 260
South Broadway, concussion of the brain
and severe scalp wound; Mrs. S. A. Per
kins, -1724 Vine street, deep scalp wound:
August Blllinger, scalp wounds; C. K.
Van Northwlck, 315 South Eleventh street,
scalp wound; George Penerie, Ninth
street and Broadway, nose mashed and
head hurt; Mrs. G. E. Saner, 307 Meado
street, badly shaken up.
There were about seventy-five passen
gers on the car, which was derailed and
overturned on a curve at West Thlrty
flfth avenue and Perry street. Rain was
falling in torrents and the track was
slippery. The accident was caused by too
fast running.
Steamer Returns to Port on Fire.
. NEW YORK, June 29.— The Wilson line
steamer Hindoo, which sailed from this
port for Hull yesterday, returned to-day
on fire, but with the fire under control.
Tct&l of the Authorized Appropria
tions Is Expected to Reach "T
the Billion Dollar
The amount of the appropriations for
the session will run unusually high, owing
In part to the amount required to build
the isthmian canal. When Cannon sub
mitted a general estimate of the appro-
Among the other important measures
cf general legislation not heretofore
r.amed, which have finally been enacted
8S laws, are the following: To prevent
the sale of firearms, opium and intoxicat
ing liquors to the natives of certain of
the Pacific Islands; to promote the effi
ciency of the revenue-cutter service and
to provide for the retirement of Its
officers; to refund the duties paid In Porto
IUco on articles imported from the United
States during the military occupation;
appropriating 5200,000 for the relief of the
volcano sufferers at Martinique; author
izing the erection of Young Men's Chris
tion Aesociation institutions on United
States military reservations; regulating
the introduction of English game birds for
the purpose of propogration; providing for
the, protection of game In Alaska, such
as caribou, moose, etc.; refunding: the
zzatHznt of legacy tax paid by charity,
benevolent and eleemosynary Institutions.
Another financial measure was the Hill
bill, providing for the coinage of subsid
iary coins and the retirement of the pres
ent standard silver dollar, which passed
the House but has not been acted on by
the Senate.
The Fowler bill probably was the most
Important financial measure which has
been brought before Congress. After
much discussion and several conferences
It has gone over for consideration until
next December.
FINANCIAL MEASURES.
The bill defining the meaning of con-
Fplracy in injunction cases passed tho
House of Representatives, but has not
made much progress in the Senate. On
the other hand, the Senate passed an Im
portant measure, creating a department
of commerce, to be presided over by &
Cabinet officer, but it has made no prog
ress in the House, not having been re
ported from the Committee on Com
merce.
Another bill of Interest to the commer
cial world Is the pure-food measure which
was drafted by the Pure-Food Congress
end after extended hearings was reported
from the House Committee on Commerce,
but not passed. ."¦¦
The bill to establish a cable between
th* United States. Hawaii and the Philin
pl £u s ?'??, mIred by def eat in the House
The bill for the election of United States
Senators by direct vote of the people
passed the House by practically a unani
mous vote, but in the Senate has received
little attention and Is not likely to pass
The House passed a bill relating- to the
immigration laws, codifying and amend
ing: these laws to Important changes It
has been reported to the ¦ Senate, but
there is not much prospect of Its passage
at this session. , ¦ ¦*,
The ship subsidy bill obtained early at
tention in the Senate, but the end of the
session has come without the measure
being reported to the House. As it passed
the Senate the bill grants graded sub
sidies to steam and sailing vessels of
American build. In the House it has been
deemed desirable to let the subject go
over until the short session, when it is
expected that a subsidy bill will be
reached and urged to passage.
A bill passed by the Senate and likely
to become a law changes the marine hos
pital service to a national health bureau
and gives the bureau larger powers and
facilities for co-operating with the State
health authorities in quarantine and
health affairs.
SHIPPING BILL GOES OVER.
A bill giving statehood to Arizona, New
Mexico and Oklahoma, known as the om
nibus statehood bill, passed the House
r.nd the Senate has determined to take it
up early in the next .session.
Aside from these important laws there
are a number of measures of general im
portance which have passed one or both
houses, but have not progressed to the
final stage. These Include the anti-an
archy legislation, which grew out of the
assassination of President McKinley.
Bills restricting anarchy and throwing
safe guards about the President have
passed both houses, but it has been iro
pobsible to reach an agreement in confer
ence, so that the subject goes over until
rext December.
The irrigation act is of special Impor
tance to the development of the West. It
creates an irrigation fund in the Treas
ury Department, Into which is to be paid
the proceeds of the Bales of public lands
:n the arid States. This fund in turn is
to be used in storing water and establish
ing irrigation systems,* the irrigation sec
tions to be open to homesteaders, who are
to be charged a proportionate share of
the cost of the improvement.
The Chinese exclusion law continues ex
clusion "until otherwise provided by law,"
mid also applies the exclusion "to the isl
er.d territory under the jurisdiction of
the United States."
The Philippine tariff act imposes 75 per
cent of the Dingley tariff rates on arti
cles coming from the Philippines to the
United States, and also imposes on arti
cles -entering the Philippines from the
United States the rates of duties estab
lished by the Philippine Commission.
The oleomargarine act results from sev
eral years' agitation. It places a tax of
10 cents a pound on substances colored to
imitate butter.
• The repeal of the war revenue taxes re
cuced taxation $73,o50,000, and is said to
be the largest single reduction of taxa
tion ever made in this country. By this
etep the last of the taxes imposed at the
beginning of our war with Spain are
v.-iped out.
REPEAL OF WAR TAXES.
Among the other important general
laws are those repealing the war revenue
taxes; extending and making more ef
fective the Chinese exclusion laws; es
tablishing a tariff for goods to and from
the Philippines; extending the charter of
national banks for twenty years; estab
lishing a permanent census office; re
stricting tne sale of oleomargarine by
placing a high tax on imitation butter;
providing a consular and diplomatic ser
vice for Cuba; establishing an extensive
system by which the Government will aid
in the Irrigation of the arid sections of
the West.
Notable among these larger measures
is the isthmian canal bill, which consum
mates the efforts of a half-century to
link together the waters of the Atlantic
and tht Pacific. Aside from its national
and international importance, This bill
probably involves a larger sum of money
than that covering any other single un
dertaking other than war expenditures.
The Pnilippine civil government bilL is
another measure of far-reaching import
ance, extending to our remote Pacific
possessions a system of internal govern
ment, together with coinage, currency,
banking, corporation, timber and home
etead laws.
WASHINGTON, June 29.— The work of
Congress is now practically closed, so
that it is possible to sum up the record
vt what has been accomplished during
the past seven months, which constitute
the first session of the Fifty-seventh Con
gress. The session has been marked by
exceptional business activity, with many
quctions of far-reaching general interest
engaging attention. With the exception
at the Cuban reciprocity bill most of the
larger subjects of general legislation have
bc-en enacted as laws or will become such
before the session closes.
Important Questions Affecting
the National Policy Are
Dispcsed Of.
Two of the white men finally got a rope
on Muchache. and after tying him secure
ly took him to Fall City and locked him
up for the night. Next morning Constable
Kinyon-took his prisoner to breakfast, and
the Indian, watching his chance, broke for
the brush and is still at large. The othi-r
Indians were subdued, but much blood
was shed.
REDDING, June 29.— Word has reach
ed Redding of a big fight among the In
dians in the Kail River Valley, In the
northeastern corner of Shasta County.
About twenty Indians of the Modoc tribe
indulged in a considerable amount of in
toxicants and proceeded to the Zumwalt
ranch, where some of them were employ
ed in the hay field. There they got Into
a flght, and knives, guns and cluos were
used 4/lth old-time vigor. Johnnie Mu
chache, a semt-eivllized Slwash who waa
a member of the gang, proclaimed his dis
like for the Modois, and began to exter
minate the crowd. He seriously cut In
dian Kellogg and two or three other red
men.
The melee brought out a party of
whites. Malcolm and Greely McArthur,
two members of a prominent mercantile
firm of Fall City, were badly cut and
bruised In the light while attempting to
pacify the Indians. For a time it seemed
the Indian band would do wholesale kill
ins.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In the, six side shows will be all kinds
of attractions. . A bearded lady, a Maori
Queen, the half lady, a wild man and a
living skeleton wtll.be shown. .The main
side show will be opened on the evening
of the 3d of July, so that the people may
see just what they may expect. Advertls-
City Treasurer Tom McGeoghegan will
do • a mechanical bareback act and also
ride a wild bull, which Is to be adorned
with elk horns. "Jack" Gllkyson of the
telephone company will do a bareback
act, Ed Jobson will ride "a horse that has
never saw man." and Gus Mullen has en
tered a mule that can do everything but
talk. The whole show will conclude with
hippodrome races.
All the Elks are on the programme, too.
The Lion brothers— Henry, Emlle and
Ernest— merchants, are scheduled for an
act. ' Oscar Stern, manager of the Fred
erlcksburg brewery; Al Eaton, banker; C.
W. Knox, banker; Dr. McGraw, dentist,
and District Attorney Campbell are
among the clowns. Jackson Hatch, and
Major Braslan are to be ringmasters; Su
perior Judge L.orisan will sell peanuts;
Judge M. H. Hyland, circus lemonade:
Justice J. T. Wallace, lemonade, and Jus
tice. E. M. Rosenthal will spiel for a side
show.
The outfit secured by the Elks Is the
most complete owned by any society out
side.or the big circuses. in the world. An
Kik circus .hereafter Is to be an annual
i. flair In San Jose, and no expense was
spared in arranging for this show. The
most gorgeous trappings and paropher
n.'illn have been purchased.
The Hnn Jose t-lks* lodge includes over
200 of the most prominent people in the
(Jarden City, and each is Interested in
making: the show a tremendous success.
Opening with the big parade in the morn
ing, Juiy 4 will be one long day of fun
unu pleasure. The usual free performance
of tight- rope walking and other shows
will follow on the grounds after the mon
ster street pageant. Two performances
of the circus will be given, afternoon and
evening. Thirty-five clowns will amuse
the spectators. There will be trained
horses and dogs and wild and tame ani
mals. A drove of twenty trained elks Is
also announced. A human pyramid, acro
batic feats of all kinds, a marvelous slide
for life, knife-throwing, fancy shooting
and balancing; are on the programme.
OUTFIT IS COMPLETE.
arid overhead artists will be constantly
performing on swinging trapeze and bar.
One Passenger Is Killed and
Nearly Two Eccra More
Are Injured.
Examining Board Resumes Its
Investigation Into the
Cruelty Charges.
Attempts at Pacification of
Reds Result Rather
Disastrously.
Review of the Work of
the Fifty-Seventh
Congress.
Report of Another En
gagement in Monong
Province.
Seven Crowded Coaches
Are Thrown Over an
Embankment;
Modocs Filled With
"Firewater" Make War
in Shasta.
Circus Programme of Remarkable Variety and Merit Is Prepared by Members
of the Order in San Jose and All Records of Former Events Are
to Be Crushed, Comminuted and Macadamized in Rapturous Festival
LUZON LADRONES
ATTACK MARINES
EXCURSIONISTS
IN BAD WRECK
MANY NEW
LAWS FOR
TIE NATION
WHITES BATTLE
WITH INDIANS
FROLIC OF THE GARDEN CITY ELKS
WILL DELIGHT VISITING THOUSANDS
.-¦¦¦.. ¦• t
THE SAN FRANCISCO MONDAY, JUNE 30, 1902.
3
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
A HELPIM HAND
Im Gladly Extended by a Snn Fran-
' Cisco Citizen.
There are many enthusiastic citizens in
San Francisco prepared to' tell their ex-
perience for the public ffood. Testimony
from such a source is the best evidence,
and will prove a "helping hand" to scores
of; readers. Read the following state-
ment:
• Mrs." B.' Carrington, of 163 Linden ave-
nue, (B. Carrington, packer), says:
"Reading a paper qne evening I chanced
to notice that Doan's Kidney Pills cured
backache and other incidentals due to
1 either excited or. weakened kidneys. I
was subject to pain in the back always
more acute If I , caught cold or over-ex-
erted . myself. At the time' I noticed the
advertisement I was actually suffering I
think more than usual,', and procured a
box of. the Pills- at the Owl Drug store.
1128 Market street. The treatment stopped
tho last attack.- Other members of my
.family 'have:; used Doan's * Kidney Pills
and' received i as undoubted benefit. Mv
advice ; to; anyone '¦ troubled with kidney
complaint In any of its ¦ forms is to • use
Doan's Kidney Pills." •¦
•. For. sale r by . all dealers, price 50 cents
a box.- Foster-Mllburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y
sole agents for the United States. •
..Remember the name— Doan's— and take
no other.."- • •
— ......
FOR
Bilious and Nervous Disorders
Sick Headache and Constipation.
TAKE
_^^^a^SBw vSmrbBSI ¦^¦^^^^ JBrtiif "^1 »W MM Bet i vf wS9w •» '
•JSKaKjCa *£9f^^ tlkJ904 raff MqRSb k5i ; 1 * ¦'! tMH^^Bftk.
a. & EEC J& M ' S PILL ? taken M directed, will quickly restore ftmales tn £^Li ?
health They promptly remore any obstruction or irre^ritvTfthl tocomplefcy
quickly help a WEAlf STOMACH, IMPAIRED Dii^^O^m&ESSTLnrSS 1
Prepared only by THOfllAS BEECHAM. St. H.lea,, Enr.. and 365 C«nal SU, N«w Yo** '
Sold everywhere la boxes, ldc. and 23cT Yortu
If S FUN TO RIDE ON THE
RicKly finisKed eleci*ricriig;Kted
__ coaLerves ; SMpeirb ser-vice <\.rvd ".sr -^
*^ cviisirve; .bak. < tK.,b&r > bex*,'b\i.PPei:. -^ : : &
I^xcii e,s' drawing* room co^lcK- V
all conveniences— ma^ke travelirkP"
on the California Limited delightful.
CKicagb iivtKree day>s
City Ticket Of Pice 641 Market StThe sheepmen of the State have won an important
victory in the courts. Can this have any indirect
bearing upon affairs political or is it simply, sent 'out
to deceive a confiding public? ¦ '. :-.
The local Grand Jury seems to be burdened with
an overdose of time and. nothing, to dictate its, use.
The worthy inquisitors are amusing' themselves by.
an investigation of the charges flaringly displayed by
The- new King of Saxony is.; said to be chiefly
noted for his military tastes and his considerate treat
ment of private soldiers during his thirty years' ser
vice in the Twelfth Army Corps; but as it is added
that he is a good musician and likes to give musical
parties, at which he entertains his guests by! playing
duets with his daughter, it -would appear he is not
so considerate of his friends as he is of his soldiers.
; : Probably none of the things Governor Gage
has .'done • will hurt him so much' among the
people, especially, the laboring men, as his rec
ord wfth tho Chinese convict. It appears" that
the Board of Prison Directors were, about to
parole a Chinese convict when Gage pardoned
him and took htm : td ' his ranch, - where he ' Is
employed as a cook. The Governor's enemies
claim that the Chinaman Is working for the
Gpverhor without •' pay, but ; Mr. , Gage says he
is, paying him $25 a month.' It makes but lit
tle difference to the voters whether .the China
man Is paid or not. The employment of Chi
nese labor by the Governor, especially of a
convict pardoned by him, -will no^ |j e approved
by the -laboring- men, without whose . . votes
Henry T. Gage '.' cannot be elected : Governor.
This is another mistake; it is worse. It Is a
blunder. ' TfiWJOI'Wit^i IBltifflni^llTWIilKin;
HUMBOLDT STANDARD i
VIS ALIA DELTA 1
: Henry T. Gage was a much happier man
when he .was practicing law' tor a . living . and
raising horses for amusement than he is as the
Governor of California at a salary of $6000 per
year — Aberdeen (Wash.) Republican.
. And the people of the State of California
were much happier, too. •
These sentences Jn which he described Bryan and
Bryanism,' without naming either, are masterpieces,
and one can feel them cut into the quick of that spec
tacular and thespian person: "Let us not forget,
however, that it is not in the search of new and gaudy
issues, nor the interpellation of strange visions, that
a strong and healthy' Democracy displays its splcn-
The tone committee of the party waited for the
Nebraska blizzard to subside and then took advan
tage of the opening of the new quarters of the Tilden
Club in New York to bring all the separated brethren
to bite and sup together. Many came and listened
to a speech by Mr. Cleveland that will be forever
remarkable amongst the political utterances of Amer
ican statesmen. In it were no personalities, and he
made no attempt to do small or. smart politics. His
admonitions were addressed to the party which he
recreated and led. His characterizations" of that
party were quite ideal and there be many who wish
it were worthy of his ascriptions, . for then it would
be worthy of public confidence and American politics
would recover their wholesome balance.
It was interesting, that in that same connection
he accused Major Henry Watterson of being a re
organizer, a come-onter and a political cutthroat,
who would bear watching. i
THE Manhattan Club dinner in February was,
cooked and eaten in the interest of Democratic
harmony. Good digestion had hardly waited
on appetite when Mr. Bryan attacked that dinner
from soup to coffee. Tapping his abundant vocabu
lary of vituperation, he spilled it all and singular
upon Hill, harmony and the dove of Democratic
peace, until he made the scene look more like a fair
at famed Donnybroqk than a feast for forgiven
prodigals.
MORE HARMONY.
.The attempt^of Governor Gage to bring his
critics hundreds of -miles away ; ,from their
place of business and from tho evidence, to be.
sat upon by his own chosen Dogberry, can be
looked upon only in the light of a retreat — and
not a "masterly retreat" either.
SACRAMENTO BEE:
It is said that there were never before so large a
number of San Francisco people out of town as at
this season. Prosperity has enabled an unusually
large number to take a holiday and they are making
good use of the opportunity.
COLUSA SUNi
We have never admired the course of the
Governor, but when he . got down so low as to
misrepresent a committee ot farmers and go
off In a long tirade •inorderXe catch the votes
of a multitude in San Francisco, we became
thoroughly disgusted. ¦ A Governor of a ' great
State like California ought to have -some dig
nity, some regard for the amenities of life,
some regard for the truth. -Our dislike. did not
come from any political differences, because
we like many Republican officials. We have a
warm personal regard for Attorney. General
Ford, for State Superintendent Kirk, and even
for the man who ran so far behind his ticket.
C. F. Curry; In short, we protest that politics
has never influenced In the least our likes. and
dislikes. . We like . a good officer of whatever
party, and If one serves the • people well - we
are willing to give him credit.- "We do not know
the Governor personally, and hence all our op
position has grown from his official acts.
'::-¦}•¦ '-. . . — : » " —
SAN DIEGO TRIBUNE t
Governor Gage's .action In bringing suit
against the San Francisco Call at an out of the
way place like San Pedro, a little town on the
coast five hundred miles from San Francisco,
is not likely to impress unprejudiced people
with the belief that the Governor's most sin
cere motive is : to ; have the case tried on its
merits. Such persons will not escape the con
viction that "something" .•' is back of such a
move. If.. Gage had desired a . complete and
public trial of those against- whom*- he has
brought suit, at the place where an action, at
law could be had with as little expense to the
State as possible and with consideration for
facility of access to the evidence In the case,
there appears no reason why he should not
have sued The Call In the city where it is pub
lished. Surely the courts of San Francisco or
of. Sacramento, his home, are not less capable
of restoring pristine beauty to a damaged repu
tation than those of Wilmington Township, on
the borders of San Pedro Slough. Governor
Gage will not be held unaccountable to the pub
lic in his -new method of spending its money.
The witnesses and the evidence in this suit, if
it shall be brought to trial in Wilmington
Township, must be brought and returned hun
dreds of miles. The records and the controll
er's office at San Quentin will furnish the evi
dence for both sides. San Quentin is about live
hundred miles from Wilmington . Township.
But the "little seaside resort chosen by Gaze
for the revelation of his aforesaid pristing
purity is in the county of Los Angeles, where
reside his particular, fronds and cronies.
It remains to be seen whether the State must
pay the expenses of this vagary. of Its unde
sirable adornment in the gubernatorial chair
FRESNO DEMOCRAT!
XMOt nearly, enough has been said relative to
the attempt Governor Gage is making to vin
dicate his character by resort to the ' courts.
It appears to have escaped the attention of the
newspaper writers that the Governor, In re
sorting to the Justice court • of Wilmington
Township, Lbs Angeles County, is defeating
the object he-claims to have in -view the vin
dication of ; his character . before ¦ the' mass of
the people In .whose ¦ presence It- has : been as
saile<l.'toriHKllPB40 *VitiRMMP*'Q£kBPBns>B&M |
-Where was the libel printed? In San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles? Where would it aD
pear; most . natural that it should be ¦ refuted ?
In some hole in the corner down by the sound
ot; the ..tide or In the courts of San Francisco
or, Los Angeles? It might be . logical ; to pros
ecute ¦ the ; Times ; at San Pedro, : but " there can
be ' neither ' wit nor • logic In taking * proceeding
The reason given by Governor Gage for bring
ing his criminal libel suits against the news
paper men at San Pedro, a village way down
in the southern part of the State — that it is
purely one of - sentiment, - as it was ¦ there that
he. began his career . in California — appears to
the public to be a very poor reason. It means
a heavy expense to. the taxpayers in having to
take witnesses, records, etc., to such an obscure
place, when the suits could Just as well have
been brought at Sacramento or near the San
Quentin prison anywhere. The people are in
terested in knowing- ¦ about the case. We do
not believe the Governor is guilty of. the petty
criminal i acts with which he is charged, for
pilfering from the. State, but he should not put
the State to any more expense to prove his in
nocence than Is necessary.
HANFORD JOURNAL:
With what seems peculiar unanimity, the an
nouncement that "Gage's nomination is con
ceded by shrewd San Francisco politicians"
has appeared in a whole lot of papers. And
still more peculiar and singular it Is that a
majority of these papers are either Democratic
or of strong Democratic leanings. Guess s the
shrewd Democratic politicians are doing ' all
they can to get Gage nominated. What for?
You guess.
REDLANDS CITROGRAPH:
The esteemed morning contemporary seems
quite alone in the defense of Governor Gage in
his. effort to. create a large bill of expense in
compellng principals and witnesses to go to San
Pedro to attend in a court of Justice In case of
criminal libel. The taking of testimony in a
preliminary examination could be had in Marin
County, where the prison is located, or at Sac
ramento, where the law says the Governor
must reside, as well as in the town of San
Pedro, five hundred miles away. It will not
be denied that the action of the Governor In
the preliminary Work shows a' weakness at
least. It is a fact that Gage vetoed several
claims at the last session of the Legislature, a
matter of economy, eo claimed, but he forgets
this question of economy in the interest of the
people when vindicating his personality.
MARYSYIIXK DEMOCRATS
Because Governor Gage cannot be re-elected
— if there were no other, reason — his nomina
tion would be the acme, and the ultimate of
political folly. Unless a political party can
go 'into a campaign with a fair assurance of
victory, It cannot hope to maintain ! in any
practicable way the principles which it pro
fesses. The Republican party, if It would elect
the next Governor, of California, must not
weight itself down with a candidate who . al
ready stands in the shadow of certain and In
evitable defeat. ".'
FRESNO REPUBLICAN :
It will not be much trouble for anybody to, exer
cise that much of care, and the property at stake is
worth the care it entails. In San Francisco we have
never had such disastrous fires as have- swept large
cities in the East, nor are we likely to have, for our
summer climate and our. building material are not
so conducive to fires as are those of Eastern, cities.
Nevertheless we -will surely suffer heavy losses
sooner or later if we are careless. The suggestions
of the underwriters' bureau should be followed. ' Let
us try to have a. Fourth of July whose celebration
will not be marred by any accident to \ person or
property.
A word of warning to property holders has been
issued from the Fire Underwriters' Inspection Bu
reau, and should be given due heed by the people
generally. Among the precautions suggested are
these: "If you have private fire apparatus, see that
the hose, fire pails and extinguishers are in service
able condition. If you have asmall hose attach it
in the most available place. Many kinds of business
require the use of pails, tanks and barrels. These
should be filled with water and distributed advanta
geously during the dangerous period. All rubbish
should be removed from basements into which grat
ings open, and all outside doors to basements should
be securely closed. Wooden sidewalks and planked
areas should be kept wet. Remove all packing boxes,
goods in cases and rubbish from sidewalks, areas and
roofs. Boxes that are necessarily, left outside should
be 1 piled snugly and no packing material left ex
posed."
WITH the approach of the Fourth it be
hooves the people ' to take precautions
against 'the probable outbreak of disastrous
fires.' The liberty and even license which American
custom and patriotism permit in the use of fireworks
for the celebration of the day invariably result in
danger to life and property. , In former, years Amer
ican cities have suffered heavily from Fourth of July
fires, and while of late there has been, a more care
ful regulation, of the use of fireworks, the day is still
one of more than usual peril to property, and vigil
ance is needed to guard against the danger.
BEWARE OF FIRE.
After all Whitelaw Reid is to come home without
having a chance to wear his • coronation breeches^
but he has the satisfaction of knowing he can l^ave
them to his family as an heirloom.
On the Pacific Coast everything is serene. We are
still enjoying a profusion of almost everything,
money included, though this, latter '"statement will
hardly be indorsed by the average man.
The Eastern money markets are expecting a fine
windfall on the first of July in the form of over $120,
000,000 in interest and dividends, of which the rail
roads will pay in dividends some $22,000,000 and in
dustrial concerns over $26,000,000, the aggregate div
idend list reaching $55,000,000. Interest on the va
rious bonds, private and governmental, will amount
to about $69,000,000. All of this money coming into tha
market will probably give further ease to the finan
cial situation. A noteworthy feature of the dividend
showing is the decrease in industrial dividends, as
compared with July, 1901, the loss being ascribed
to the changing of the dividend dates of several cop
per companies, and in fact to the reduction in the
copper dividends themselves. —
The important cereals, such as wheat, corn
and oats, have lately shown more life at the Western
tradiqg centers. Rains in Texas and Louisiana have
improved the cotton crop prospects along the Gulf,
where a serious drought has been prevailing for some
time. The boot and shoe business seems to be look
ing up again, as the manufacturers are reporting a
larger volume of contracts for early fall delivery.
Leather, however, is dull and accumulating, with
some closing down among the tanneries, though
hides arc still active and steady. Wool is firmly
held, but at quotations which tend to restrict the de
mand. Provisions are also so high that buyers are
purchasing only from hand to mouth, and hogs are
higher* than at any time this year, with continued
light receipts at the Western packing centers.
The first half of the year, just closed, to employ
the phraseology of cne commercial authority, has
had few equals and no superiors. While profits have
not been as large as for the past year or two, taking
all lines and the whole country into consideration,
the volume cf business has been larger. There has
been less speculation, but more legitimate
in goods. These conditions bid fair to continue.
The crop prospects of the country are fine, and all
agricultural sections report good times. The iron
and steel trades, while no longer feverish and boom
ing, have all the business they can carry, and the
consumption of steel is so large that manufacturers
find themselves obliged to import it from Europe,
owing to the congestion in the order books of the
American mills. There has lately been a quieting
down of the retail lumber trade along the Atlantic
Coast, however, and several of the minor metals,
such as copper and tin, are lower.
The coal strike, however, is still a serious derange
ment and check along the Atlantic seaboard. Pro
duction and consumption alike are materially reduced
by it, and those railroads which are more or less de
pendent upon the coal mining industry are suffering.
Aside from this particular strike, however, the in
dustrial situation is reported rather better, as a num
ber* of strikes in other lines and regions have been
settled. The railway earnings thus far in June show
ca increase of 4.6 per cent over the same period last
year. The movement of general merchandise is re
ported large all over the country, while orders for
fall delivery in the great grain-growing regions of
the West are unusually heavy for .this time of the
TRADE apparently improved somewhat last
week, and for midsummer was rather above
the average. The loss in the country's bank
clearings was only 8 per cent, compared with the
corresponding week in iooi, whereas the decrease
has lately been much more than this, and the aggre
gate clearings exceeded $2;ooo,ooo,ooo, which is also
a larger showing than has been the rule of latc. f The
failures also made a better exhibit, being 200, against
for the same week last year. Thus, as far as
these statistics go, business made a better showing.
SAN DIEGO UNION:
Was It injury to the gubernatorial reputation
or to the gubernatorial "mug" that caused
Governor Gage to flee to the watery wastes ot
Wilmington slough, to have his grief ground
through the Judicial mill at that newly-found
asylum for the bruised In spirit?
This query Is one that will suggest itself to
most people who have perused the ponderous
complaint to which the Governor made oath
as a preliminary to haling a San Francisco
newspaper proprietor and his manager before
the rather remote tribunal by the surgi'ig
slough. In that remarkable document, guber
natorial grief is set forth in most lugubrious
terms. .But it Is when the complaint reaches
the artist's portrayal of the gubernatorial
countenance that the business grows really
serious. This alleged wrong, is depicted in th»
darkest colors, and the gubernatorial complain
ant seems to be^repeating: .-; i
' "Black as It was. I'd blacken it still more.
And make It blacker than it was before." .
One might suppose that the Governor is
really more troubled over his face than over
his reputation. Possibly, however, this exces
sive sensitiveness about the former is not un
natural. - It has been the custom of news
papers that support tie machine of which the
Governor ¦ is the head, always to picture hia
face as/a delightful blending of beauty and
brains-^the commingled countenance of an
Adonis and a Webster. The executive "mug"
has been so often presented in this delightful
way that ita possessor may have been shocked
to see It portrayed differently. ' ¦ In any event,
he has come to the- conclusion that Its por
trayal in an unflattering manner la "against
the peace and dignity of the people of the
State of California," and although those same
people have not, so far as known, made any
very loud protests against their "peace and
dignity'' being thus outraged in the guberna
torial countenance, the legal assistance of the
temple of Justice at Wilmington slough has
been Invoked, and the result will be watched
with bated breath.
In the meantime It may be suggested that
while the people have not made any violent
demonstrations over the alleged pictorial as
saults on their "peace and dignity,"- the tax
payers may say some unkind things to the
Governor should he succeed In his Old Ballsy
tactics and put them, to tha expense of a pre
liminary trial at a place remote from every
person and paper that will be needed at saca
hearing.
• • •
Although the Gage shouters have been de
claring that the farmers are in favor of him,
the returns, so far as received, flatly contradict
the claim. Six of the great grain-growing coun
ties — Tehama, Colusa. Tulare, Madera. Stanis
laus and Gleniv— have already chosen delega
tions to the State convention, and not a stngls
one of them has been Instructed to support
the Governor lor renomination. Four of the
counties pledged their delegates against m™.
and two did not instruct for any one.
And yet it was confidently claimed by th«
machine that the alleged reduction of taxes by
the Governor had made him so solid with Ut«
horny-handed sons of the soil that they would
support him to the end. What can have mads
the change? Can it be that there Is a "con
spiracy" among farmers, as well as among
newspapers, to down the Governor? This is
certainly a plausible explanation, from the
gubernatorial standpoint. Because several pa
pers which represent the political sentiment oC
their respective communities have ventured to
say that Gase's renomination would be a
calamity, the Governor promptly discovered
that they were in a conspiracy against him.
And now that the farmer counties have turned
him down.' why is it not equally reasonable to
suppose that they, top. have conspired to pre
vent him from again getting the office upon
which he seems to fancy he has amortgags?
- -It really looks as If the entire Republican
party of the State were getting implicated la
the "conspiracy" which the Governor so bit
terly denounces.
SACRAMENTO BEE I
This attempt on the part of Gags to bring
men hundred's of miles away from their horns
to ajiswer to a libel — If any libel there has
been — which was perpetrated in San Francisco,
does not seem very much like seeking a vln
dlcatlon.\ It looks more as though Gage was
determined not . so much to vindicate himself
as to put his critics to all the expense and
trouble possible. If Gage shall be permittel
to sue J. D. Spreckels and W. S. Leaks out
side of San Francisco, the suit should be com
menced in the city or Sacramento, which, ac
cording to the statutes. Is the official residence
of the Governor. .
' But then the statutes can hardly count la
this matter, for Governor Gage has frequently
shown that he is not amenable to them. An
other pointjn this connection: Why doea Gov
ernor Gage bring that suit hundreds of miles
away from the evidence? The Controller's
office and the records at San Quentin win fur
nish the evidence for both sides. The—Gov
ernor has not helped his case by getting away
from the evidence.
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend'**
¦ » ¦
Townsend's California glace fruit, Wo a
pound; in artistic fire-etched bozea. X nice
present for Eastern friends. 633 Marr -
street, Palace Hotel building. « *
Special information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by th.j
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call,
lornia street. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Out of 1.00O.COO soldiers of the Civil War
whose. heights were recorded, 3613 wera
over 6 feet 3 inches in height.
What you pay for extracts is Important, bul
what you get is ten times more Important Bur
nett's VanlUa^ostsmorebecause it's worthmore.
Cheap Bates to Minneapolis, Minn.
>.,>.. E. A. Convention. $S4 90. San Francisco
to Minneapolis and. return, goins direct lines
returning Northern Pacific Railway.. On sale
July 1 and 2. Rood sixty days. Only requires
six days for entire" trip .through Yellowstone
National .Park. Just the season to visit "Na
ture's Greatest Wonderland." The Northern
Pacific train •-'North Coast Limited." 1* unex
celled by any other> Seeing la believing T
K.' Btateler, general agent, WT Market «, k P*
TRADE GAINING AGAIN.
The San Francisco Call of Thursday makes
extracts from State records to show how these
shining lights of the Los Angeles machine have
been cared for in the distribution of funds:
Ben Febneman, of local notoriety, also - has
profited handsomely in his allegiance to Gage,
who appointed him, and there are many other
members of- the "push" who have gained com
fortable allowances through the laxity with
which the purse strings of the State have been
pulled. '
One of these appointees was a man named
Bryant of San Jose, who received an appoint
ment as "inspector" from the State Board of
Health; and who came to Los Angeles without
credentials to "investigate" the conduct of the
local Health Department. Bryant received f 200
per month and expenses for doing practically
nothing, and his appointment is charged to an
effort on the part of the machine to obtain the
support of several organizations of old soldiers,
of which Bryant was a member. Bryant left
Los Angeles hurriedly after .the "Job" was
shown - up in the Times. '• ¦
- But the "graft" strikes closer home.
Walter Moore, the disgraced fire chief
of this city, has bt en named- as the chief
beneficiary of the "bubonic plague" fund, and
during his sojourn in San Francisco he has held
various positions under the present adminis
tration, as "water expert" and in other capaci
ties, for all of which, he is said to have re
ceived goodly portions of the State's money.
Ever since the appropriation of the $100,000
"bubonic plague" fund over a year ago, the
taxpayers of the State have wondered who
got it. Reports have been received from time
to time that the money was spent by the ad
ministration in one_ manner and another for the
good of the "push," and examples were cited
of numerous appointees of the machine who
were drawing down good salaries for alleged
services.
LOS ANGELES TIMES:
It would seem that If Governor Gage has
been so grossly libeled he would have de
manded an Investigation and not run 'way
down to a Justice of the Peace in a far-off
county to file his complaint against J. D.
Spreckels and W. S. Leake. The city of San
Francisco is where the crime, if any, was
committed and there would have been tha
proper place to file his papers. The actions of
the Governor are not in keeping with his pro
testations of honesty.
WILLOWS DAILY JOURNAL:
MODESTO HERALD:
Party leaders elsewhere will do well to mark
th» sentiment In the San Joaquln Valley re
garding the candidacy of Governor Gage for
renomination. The Republicans of . threa of
the eight counties have met in convention so
far, and in each Instance Senator Flint ha»
been Indorsed for Governor. We genuinely
doubt If the Governor will receive even on»
vote from the San Joaquln Valley delegation,
representing one-seventh of the counties of tha
State. "*-;;
MONDAY JUNE 30, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
litTtts All CoEnucications to W. 6. LEAKE, Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL # ROOMS.....217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnffle Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage: .
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year : $G.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SfXDAY CALL, One Year 1.50'
"WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions. -
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to giv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE '...1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS,
Ku&gtr Foreign Advertising, Mareoette BoUding, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2019.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building;
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murrey Hill Hotel. .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
rremoni House; Auditorium Hotel. ;, v _ '£*- '/.'.''¦'¦..
¦WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE 140C G St., N. W.
31ORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
1JRAACH OFFICES— -S27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 3:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 0£t
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. C15 Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1006 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 0
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
State officials who will be called upon to tes
tify to great inconvenience and the State to
unnecessary expense. He has also created a
suspicion that he Is In no hurry for a vindica
tion. His blunder has given his friends a
surprise and his newspaper enemies a distinct
advantage, which they will use for all It 13
worth. . ,
WOODLAND DEMOCRAT:
The Governor made a serious blunder In se
lecting the place whera he would swear out a
warrant for the arrest of the proprietor and
manager of The Call. In selecting tha remote
little town of San Pedro he has subjected tha
Where, was Governor Gage libeled, and where
should he be most anxious to secure a vindi
cation? The Call, which was the head-libeler.
is published and largely circulated In San
FYancisco. It is not believed that it has a
large circulation in San Pedro, Lcs Angeles
County, for none of the San Francisco papers
have. The Chronicle, the chief assistant ybel
er, is also a San Francisco paper, and The
Times is published in Los Angeles. It might
be logical to prosecute The Times In San
Pedro, but we can see neither logic nor wit
In the decision of the Governor to seek his
vindication "from San Francisco slander in the
little seaside town on the southern "coast. As
we understand it, the Governor's object _ in
prosecuting is to prove to all the people that
he has been falsely vilified, and we should
suppose he would seek to do this in the largest
forum in the State, not in a hole or a corner.
In other words, San Francisco, where the of
fense was . committed, and where there are
more people than in any other town to witness
the refutation, * is the place of all places where
the refuting should be done.
OAKLAND ENQUIRER:
Governor Gage has commenced his libel suits
against Spreckels and Leake of The San Fran
cisco Call and General Otis of tha Los Angeles
Times. If this doesn't kill Gage for renomina
tion It will be a wonder. He probably had
some show before, but he certainly has con
siderable less now. Conservative men In. the
party will want no such load as Gage win t>e
to carry through a campaign, and they win
evidently look for a safe man to nominate.
No Oregon methods for California, please.
CORONA COURIER*
becoming dignity will take any pride Inttils
act of pettishness. A trial of the !««"**?"»
out delay by an Impartial court Js what Gov
ernor Gage should desire, what he should de
mand If he has been slandered by The Call,
or Its editors, they should be punished, and
there are courts in Marin County, at Sacra
mento and in San Francisco, either of which
would give the case an impartial hearing ana
do justice by Governor Gage. .It is to be re
gretted that he was not broad enough to com
prehend the situation and wise enough to do
the right thing in this case. He has made a
serious mistake.
against The San Francisco Call or Chronicle
in that out of the way place.
It would seem reasonable to think that tha
Governor If he be really desirous of clearing
himself from the charges made, would resort
to the widest forum available. Of course ha
may rely upon the account . of the proceedings
being printed In full wherever they are had,
but it would have been more manly, more in
keeping with a desire to have his vindication
made openly and above board, if he had taken
resort to the courts of the State's metropolis,
where they might have been witnessed by th«
puBlic, interested in knowing whether th«
State Executive is as bad as he is painted.
POMONA PROGRESS:
If there is anything more humorous in Cali
fornia journalism than what 'the Gage organs
are publishing just now about their candidate's
chances, it does not come to the Progress office.
SANTA ASA HERALD:
The courts will be left to decide whether
Governor : Gage has been libeled . by the San
Francisco Call and whether the Los Angeles
Times injured the Governor's reputation 5100,
000 worth in republlshing The Call's charges
as a matter of news. . The Republicans of Cali
fornia, however, are confronted with the far
more Important matter of nominating a man
for Governor, who can unite the party and be
elected. A man who is always looking for
trouble as a rule has little difficulty in finding
it, and Henry .T. Gage- is just that sort of a
man. The Republican party of California usu
ally has troubles enough of its own on gub
ernatorial years without shouldering a lot of
Henry's. As an Individual Mr. Gage has the
inalienable and undisputed right to antago
nize everybody he chooses, but as the repre
sentative of a party he- has not. He was look
¦ Ing for trouble when he came to Los Angeles
as a guest of the Republican clubs and rudely
assailed his own personal enemies there; he
was looking for trouble when he addressed th-j
letter announcing his candidacy for renomina
tion .to the ..State League at San Jose, and
again. used the • opportunity to attack his own
personal enemies. The Republican party of
California Is. too big and of too much Im
portance to be dragged Into the personal fights
of . nnv man no matter what his attainments
may be. Bigger men than Henry T. Gage nav e
been left on the outside to cool off on account
of their bullheadedness and pugnacity. Henry
has been looking for trouble ever since he was
• elected Governor and he has generally found
it. He really ought to have all of his time
to devote to • that sort of thing and not be
tied down. in Sacramento as Governoc
'V: Sari Joaquln, Alameda and San Francisco the ma
chine manipulators are working under cover to obtain favor
from other, candidates. "The push places its chief reliance on
Democratic votes^at the primary election August 12. The
hope of succor from Democratic sources is all that keeps
Gage m the field as a candidate for another term. The San
Joaqufn Valley' country, has already repudiated Gage, Kevane
WATSONVIIiUE PAJAROSIAN: v
.The articles which appeared' in the San
Francisco Call relative to lax method* at' San
Quentin Prison . in . purchase of supplies and:
allowance of j claims therefor 1 have; had an
effect aside ' from- causing ' Governor Gase to
commence libel suits 'against the proprietor
and manager of* The Call. ; The Call charged
that bills had been; substituted for claims,
filed so - as to show lists of . goods differing
from those purchased, and. that these substi-.
tuted claims were not, written by employes of
the firm,- delivering ..the goods, but were the_
work of skillful convicts. Fac similes of sev
eral claims were printed by .The-Call, and such
houses- as ¦ Levi Strauss & Co. and H. S.:
Crocker & Co. denounce them as base forgeries
and not in keeping with the claims they had
filed, i Evidently the Prison Directors agree,
with these irate wholesale merchants, as on
Saturday last they passed the following reso
lution:. •'..-•¦-.• - -
"Resolved, That hereafter no claims be al
lowed by this board that are not made out in
the handwriting . of the . claimants and • upon
original billheads of the creditors of the prison..
No original bill shall be made out in the hand
writing of any convict, and all necessary cor-,
reetions shall be made on bills in red ink in
such manner" as not to obliterate the original
words or figures." - .
That' resolution will be construed by the
average' citizen as being an indorsement of
The Call's inyestiKations. The Call charged
that bills were being made out at San Quen
tin-by convicts in place of claims which had
been made out « regularly by prison creditors.
If The Call's charge as to such a condition
was untrue, the resolution quoted above was
unnecessary, i The resolution is a good one; It
should have been in force long ago — but better
late than never. The -Call brought the mat
ter to the attention of the Prison Directors
and did the State a* good service in doing so.
It is now in order for the Prison Directors to
fully, carefully and moet publicly investigate
the charges made against the management of
our State prisons, and let the blame (if any
mismanagement is found) fall where it will
without regard for. politics or pull. If the
prison management Jn all branches has been
and is honest and straightforward and In ac
cord with the law,* Governor Gage will have
the best wishes for success of all people In his
suits against the editors. In justice to Gov
ernor Gaee and to all persons connected wich
our prison management ! the Investigation
should be made soon and exhaustive.
f ¦ nHE leading Republican newspapers of California are
nearly unanimous in the proposition, that the nom
ination of Gage for Governor would result in the
; ~ defeat of the Republican party, in November. Los
Angeles is. the only" county in which the Gage sup
. ¦ »- / . porters .are making an open fight for delegates. In
and Aguirre. In Northern California nothing has happened
to bring a ray of comfort to the" push.
The Governor's retreat to San Pedro for the purpose of
bringing action against The Call is generally accepted by the
press of the State as a confession of weakness upon the part
of the accused executive. If he had desired an immediate
judicial investigation of affairs at San Quentin prison _he
would have instituted proceedings at Sacramento or San
Francisco. It is now becoming clear to the public mind that
the Governor is skulking to avoid the real issue. The Gov
ernor's reputation as a "fearless fighter and astute criminal
lawyer," which was very dear to the^push, has not been en
hanced by his flight to San Pedro. The comment, of the press
on his retreat is quite interesting:
Comments of Leading Republican and Other Newspapers of the
State on the Governor's Method of Procedure in His Libel ,
Suits and on His Efforts to Retain Party Leadership. ; \
As we have said before, no people has ever yet
been led to and taught self-government. Governor
Taft, then, has a task never before undertaken by
mortal man.\ We wish him' well, and so do all his
countrymen, tut there is not a vivid condition of
interest in his work or in any of our operations in
the Philippines. The people sometimes think of the
Philippine trilemma — are the islands to be States
of this Union; are. they to be made independent and
take their place amongst the nations of the earth;
or are they to remain subordinate, to be our per
manent colonies, their people unequal with us, and
held as our subjects? One of these three policies
must be the outcome. Which will it be? Let us
hope that in the next of his noteworthy public ad
dresses the President will give the country a lucid
statement of his view.
In discussing the very worthy service of Governor
Taft the President strongly pictures him "leading
the Filipinos up the stony path toward self-govern
ment." In that task he has all the sympathy and
support of the nation. These go to him in all the
generous measure set by the- President. In all the
Harvard address it is the only reference to matters
of policy or principle, and it is vague and uncertain.
Does the President mean that Governor Taft is lead
ing the islands forward into the union as States, arid
their people as citizens of the United States? If so
the American people should know it, as there is well
nigh universal aversion and opposition to such an
outcome of this afflicting business. If the President
mean that when the end of the stony path is reached
the islands are to be made an independent, self-gov
erning nation, their ten millions of people to be cit
izens of the Philippine commonwealth, then the Fil
ipinos should know it, for it will help them over the
stony path in shorter time and with fewer bruises.
It is all right for the President to stand by the
general administrative acts of Wood and Root, but
nothing he may say will at all advance them toward
the list of public benefactors. He says that they are
attacked. That is true, but to be attacked is no sign
of merit or demerit in this country. Nobody had
to tell the people that Grant and Sherman, were great
and had rendered transcendent service. The people
knew it as they beheld it. No one had to tell them.
But Grant and Sherman were abused, and since their
day every small man who has unworthily attempted
a large thing, or, while exercising an august func
tion, has belittled it, has smugly patted his own head
and answered all criticism by placing. himself in the
class of Grant and Sherman because he is criticized.
As far as General Wood and Secretary Root are
concerned there is abroad a feeling that' is some
thing, more than negative. It is not merely lack of
recognition of trie merit of something which they
have done, but it is a recognition of things done by
them which the people do not like and do not in
dorse. The payment to Gomez and the use of many
thousands of dollars by General Wood, approved by
Secretary Root, to influence, legislation by our Con
gress, are not approved by the people and are re
garded as anything but creditable to American mo
rality.
While the President had no intention to disparage
our countrym.en, it, is quite- in order to say that they
are not 'indifferent to high merit or great achieve
ment. But these must be apparent and not depend
upon repeated statement and ascription. If Wood,
Taft and Root complain of indifference, it is because
their service, doubtless well intended and conscienti
ously rendered, has not been of the arduous or useful
character which , impresses the people. It is not recog
nized as a service needed and necessary, or as .'in
volving the personal risk which gives even unneces
sary and useless service the glamour of courage; and
sacrifice. We say it is not recognized, but that does
not mean that it is i:ot worthy, high and necessary,
useful and extremely honorable service, but only that
it is not so regarded now, and that it is not is proved
by the President's persistent effort, in nearly all of
his. public addresses, to secure the recognition that
is at present lacking^
THE addresses of the President continue to be
upon partisan yor military subjects, and are
read and studied with interest. His frankness
puts the country under obligation to him, though it
runs mainly to a discussion of persons and personal
ities, rather than of principles. His most recent ad
dress .was an elaborate and flattering -indorsement, of
General Wood, Secretary Root and Governor Taft,
only one of whom is a Harvard man. The President
gave it as his "opinion that these three have done
things which place them alongside General Kitch
ener and Lord Cromer, and compared the great re
wards bestowed by the British empire upon the lat
ter with the indifference of the American people to
the former.
GAGES WANING CAUSE AND HIS
QUEER FLIGHT TO SAN PEDRO
Why, then, should Major Watterson hark back to
this death-bed gritting of .Mr. Tilden's teeth at Cleve
land?*- The only interest felt by the country in the
matter is in the fact, now apparent, that Mr. Bryan
can be trusted to discipline Major Watterson when
ever he gets too harmonious, and ithat both can be
trusted to fall foul of Mr. Cleveland and his friends
whenever they walk abroad with the. olive branch.
Unless the law provide a pilose season for the dove
of Democratic peace she will be shot, stewed and
eaten before 1904.
He recalled with tearful bitterness of feeling that
Mr. Tilden died with expressions of aversion and dis
trust of • Cleveland upon" his lips. This is news.in
deed. Mr. Tilden might have been in better business
in the solemn hour of dissolution than cussing. Mr.
Cleveland. If Watterson tell the truth Democratic
inharmony is older than Bryanism. - It is no Ken
tucky fairy tale, told to'' tickle the ijink ear of .the
star-eyed goddess of reform/' that Horatio -Seymour
had certain unfavorable opinions of Mr. Tilden, but
was too well bred to mix them in with his dying. San
ford E. Church had heartburnings against both Til
den and Seymour, but carefully excluded them- from
his judicial decisions. Great men .have bitten their
thumbs at each other before, and in Kentucky, where
they take pot shots at Governors, "the incendiary
parts' of speech, the very nitrates and picrates of the
language are overworked to satisfy the desire of such
to express their mutual aversion and distrust.
The first knight-errant of distraction to lower his
visor and put his quiU'in tilt, and let go at , -.-it v was.
Major Watterson. With the riotous exuberance .of
the leader of a lynching party, the deep, dark. spiriV of
moonshiner and the -unreasoning .desire to shoot
something that" 1 overcomes a feudist, he jumped' on
Mr. Cleveland and all his works and words, and made
the dark and bloody ground -howl again, while -he
chopped harmony with a club, and warned the; whole
country that if it doesn't lock the door and keep its
hands on its pocketbook Mr. Cleveland will ¦ again
break into the Presidency and proceed to do the un
utterable. He gave free rein'to his alarm, and also
to his in memoriam regards for Mr. Tilden; 10 that
his, effort, considered as a panorama, is a mixture of
runaway mule and stolid hearse team. ' ' ¦ •'¦¦•;
This, is probably Mr. Cleveland's last speech on'po
litical and party issues. No doubt it was intended to
present some common ground upon which the dis
tracted organization could meet , and take its place
as one of the* great parties in a free society/wherein
parties are necessary to the social health. But the
spirit in which it was* ..received by those for whom it
was intended shuts out any. hope, of its effectiveness.
did power. .. Another party may\ : thrive on. the ever
shifting treatment of the ever-shifting moods of pop
ular restlessness, or by an insincere play upon un
reasoning prejudice and selfish anticipation." Then,
sketching his own conception of the creed of the
party, he continued: "What but infatuation with the
visage .of -defeat Han explain the subordination of
these things by Democrats when they .prepare for
battle? Our people are too much on the alert .to ac
cept political deliverances they do not understand,'
and the enthusiasm of the rank and file does not thrive
on mystery." No 7 description of his issues and his
methods could be more galling to Mr. Bryan, and yet
who knows but he was more hurt by omission of his
UNCERTAIN POLICY.
* THE. SAN FKASTCISCQ; CALL, -; ; MONDAY; '• JUNE 30, 1902;
Now that the Panama or Nicaragua^ question is
cp to Roosevelt, the country has a right to expect
to tee things moving at once.
William Jennings Bryan- Has/ again -unloosed his
tongue, this time to froth and foam at Cleveland/ In
a study of comparisons no one yet - J has objected to
a creature baying at the moon,: -V
4
EUREKA DAILY STANDARD:
•;- The arrest of the editors of The Call or the
filing of, the complaint at San Pedro has done
the Governor .; no " good. .4It shows a - pettiness
that ; the Governor should not possess, if The
Call has i libeled . or, slandered Henry T. Gage
it' has j done " so'- in his '.' capacity, as ¦ Governor,
and the trial" should take place at or near San
Quentin, . where the records and the. witnesses
can be secured. To drag the . defendants and
the witnesses V-: down.;, a to - : San- - Pedro/
400 miles : from the records : and " the wit
nesses,: is certainly an outrageous procedure.
The Governor's : home," his legal" residence,"' is
at Sacramento, • and :. consistent with the » dig
nity of his great 'of flee, he might, have brought
suit. in Sacramento.",:. He ' HveB a large share of
the time at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco'
and he might : have | brought suit I before one et
the Justices j or: Judges of that ' city; but to an
noy and vex and ' delay the : trial;, so -it seems
to i us,' he brought ', suit ; in ¦ an . obscure town '. In
Los Angeles ¦ County.' *. ¦ Nobody r. who cares T to
aee - the chief - executive • deport I himseir k with
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYISG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating; n. change of
residence daring: the Rammer months can have
ihclr paper forwarded by mail to their new
nddrexne* by notifying; The Call Business Office.
Tills paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent in
all tovrns on the coast.
' "
¦ ;VESSEL WHICH PASSEu
WITHIN ;Z0NE:/0F: MONT
PELEE 1 S ERUPTION.
— ' FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Senator...... Nome July 1-
Oregon Nome & Teller . . . .• July 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July 2
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. July 3
Roanoke..... Nome & St. Michael... July 3
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. July 6
City Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports. July S
Ohio :.. Nome & St. Michael July 8
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. July S
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. | July 8
United Slates Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
, Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent: ¦
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes , later than at Fort Point
the height of tldo is the same at both places
Sun, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY, JUNE 30.
Sun rises 4-50
sun sets ; T : 3 5
Moon rises ¦ 0:34 a . m>
a Time Time Time Time
2. Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
s>_L W H W s L W H W
30 0:51 1.3 7:21 3.0 12:12 ~2A 6^46 54
1 1:49 0.4 8:45 3.8 1:10 2.7 7:34 5.0
2 2:42-^.2 0:47 4.0 2:06 2.8 8:33 6.8
8 8:33—0.7 10:43 4.3 3:02 2.8 9:15 6.0
4 4:22—1.111:32 4.6 3:57 2.8 10:08 6 0
5 5:10— 1.2 12:19 4.8 4:51 2.8 11:01 59
6 5:57-i-l.l 1:05 5.0 5:48 2.7 11:54 5.7
Movements of Steamers.
PANTELLARIA — Passed June 29 — Stmr Kal
eow, from Seattle and Tacoma, via Yokohama,
Shanghai, Hongkong and Suez, for London.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 20 — Stmr
Cymric, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
Sailed June 29— Stmr Etruria, from Liver
pool, for New York.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 29— Stmr Moltke,
for New York, via Southampton, and proceeded
from Beachy Head June 29. '
NEW YORK — Arrived June 29 — Stmr La
Bretagne, from Havre; stmr Potsdam, from
Rotterdam and Havre.
ST JOHNS— Arrived June 29— Stmr Livon
lan, from Glasgow and Liverpool, for Halifax,
N S. and Philadelphia. .
LIZARD — Passed June 29 — Stmr Vaderland,
from New York, for Antwerp.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 29— Stmr South
wark. from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GUAYMAS— Arrived June 29— Stmr Luella,
hence June 21. ¦¦
FOREIGN PORT.
UGASIK BAY— Arrived May 17— Ship Lu
clle, hence April 16: bark Himalaya, hence
April 16; bark outside, thought probably to be
bark Agate, hence April 23, for Bristol Bay.
TACOMA — Arrived June 29 — Stmr Tacoma,
from China and Japan. " . ¦
Sailed June 29— Bark Holywood, for Queens
town. ; • .-.• ¦.¦« :• ¦;'¦
NEAH BAY — Passed in June 29 — Stmr
Mackinaw, hence June 25, for jSeattle; schr
Espada, from San Pedro, ,for -Seattle; stmr
Anna Barron,- from Astoria, for Seattle.
Passed outward June 29 — Br bark Holywood,
from Tacoma, f&r United Kingdom; Br stmr
Oceano. from Vancouver, for • South Africa.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 29— Stmr
Noyo, from San Pedro. ¦ ¦
SEATTLE — Sailed June 28 — Stmr City of
Seattle, for Skagway; stmr Dolphin, for Skag
way; stmr Spokane, for Sltka. — " '¦ •¦ • .
REDONDO— Sailed June 29— Schr Azalea,
for Eureka. -.;;-.•¦•"
Passed outward June 29 — Ger stmr Pentaur,
from Seattle, for San Francisco and Hamburg.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 29— Stmr Alca
traz, from Greenwood; stmr Corona, hence
June 27; stmr Pasadena, from Eureka. ¦
Sailed June 29— Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco; schr Alvena, for Port Townsend; stmr
Marshfield, for San Francisco; stmr Brooklyn,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 29— Schr
Columbia, from Honolulu, for Ballard; Br stmr
Cymbeline, from Tacoma.
Passed Inward June 29 — Stmr Tacoma, from
Hongkong ;.barse John C Potter.
Sailed June 29 — Schr Excelsior, for '• -: Br
stmr Cymbeline, for Cape Town; schr Com
merce, for Guayaquil.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, June 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 18 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
» ¦ >•¦<?- TO ARRIVE.
; Steamer. j . From. Due.
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma" ....'. June 3tf
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... June 30
G. Dollar. : . . Grays Harbor June 30
Pentaur Seattle June 30
Brooklyn. . . . San Pedro Juno 30
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 30
Edith. ....... Seattle ' June 3D
Ban Jose..... New -York via Panama. June 30
Abydos. Hamburg v. West Coast. June 30
Ban Pedro... Grays Harbor July 1
Arcata. ....'.. Coos Bay & Port Orford July 1
Eureka. Humboldt July 1
tmatilla..... Puget Brtnd Ports ....July 1
Corona:...:. Newport & Way Ports.. July 2
Santa Rosa. .-San Diego & Way Ports July 3
Point Arena. . Point Arena . . : July 3
Chehalls..... Grays Harbor .......... July 3
Arab Nanalmo July ;t
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... July 4
Coronado.... San Pedro ....July 5
Doric......;. China & Japan July 5
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports July 6
Newburg.... San Pedro ..-. ...July. 6
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports ..... July 6
Australia. . . . Tahiti . : July 7
Mandalay:... Coquille River ' July 7
North Fork.. Humboldt July 7
Zealandla. . . ¦ Honolulu July 8
Newport....? New York \via Panama. July 8
Great Incohonee Edwin D. Wiley, the
supreme head /of the Improved Order of
Red ; Men, will arrive here July 18 on an
official visit to the reservation of Califor
nia. - Prior to coming . here : he will visit
the reservation of Oregon. .Great Sachem
Boyes of the;Californla jurisdiction will
meet the visitor -in Oregon. Here he~ will
visit. the local. tribes. A reception will be
tendered him and it is probable there will
be a x banquet in : his honor. ; n ¦
Great Incohonee Coming:
Seventy-Two Dollars and Forty Cents
To Minneapolis and return/ On July, first
and second ( the'' Santa . Fe will sell tickets
at this low rate," account the annual meet
ing of the National 1 Educational Associa
tion. '-, Return limit August 31, 1902. Special
side. ride rates to the Grand Canyon will
be granted • to ' holders of these tickets
Call upon or write to the Santa Fe ticket
agent, 641 Market st., tor lolder ana xuii
particulars. — :
'<¦;':.' .J TO SAIL. ,,
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
-¦ - June 30.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 16
Despatch... Seattle-Fairhaven ".. lpm Pier 10
Arctic...... Humboldt ......... 12 m Pier 2
Brooklyn... Point Arena ....... 2 pm Pier 2
Lakme ..... Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 2
Argo... .... Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Rival...... Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Queen.... >. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier. 19
" - . -. ¦ •¦ July 1. . .¦ ¦:¦: . .- •¦,.' .
Pomona.... Humboldt "..'. .|l:30 p Pier 0
C. Nelson.. Seattle Sc Tacorna. . 5 pm Pier 2
Albion Rlv. pt. Arena & Albion C pm Pier 13
Coos Bay.. £an Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt ..Bam Pier 2
Arequlpa... Valparaiso & War.. 12 m Pier '10
July 2.
Columbia/. Astoria & Portland: 11 am Pier 24
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
July 13. •
Arcata. . . . • Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Eureka.... Humboldt. ......... 0 am Pier 13
Rainier. . . . Seattle & ' Whatcom ¦ 5 pm Pier 8
StatnCal.. San ' Diego & Way. D'amPlerU
Sonoma.... Sydney & -Way:;.: 10 am Pier 7
Pentaur...- Hamburg & Way.*; 2 pm Pier 27
• • • July\5.
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier • 2
Corona..... Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Coronado.. Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Chehalls... Grays Harbor . 4 pm Pier 2
Umattlla... Puget 8ound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
. July 6.
Phoenix..'.. Mendodno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Newburg... Grays 1 Harbor- ;.... 4 pm Pier 2
. r '.z July 7.
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
July 8.
China.. .... China & Japan..'. . ,1 pmPMSS '
Colon. . . . . . N. Y.' via '- Panama. 12 m PMSS
Curacao. . . . Mexican Ports ..... 10 am Pier 11
July 1O.
City Puebla Puget .' Sound :• Ports 11 am Pier 19
St. Paul..:. Nome & St. Michael 2 pmlPler 31
Mandalay.'. Coquille : River V.V. 4 pm|Pier 2
¦— imnr— rfln ir i i mi i itii rnnwi»>iiiim rnHnn rr miMtmm
%.., Sunday, June 29.' ,
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Eureka and
Astoria.
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg..
. Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Santa Rosa,' Alexander,' San Diego.
¦Fr bark St Anne, Rollier, Queenstown.. -
Bktn Coronado, Potter, Honolulu. . , J ' '.
• Schr ' Challencer, Anderson, Port Townsend ¦
• gchr H C Wrights Nielsen, Mahukona. - .
SAILED.
¦:'¦-•. ; Sunday, June 29.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 25 hours from' Moss
Landing and way ncrts.
8tmr Rainier, Hansen, 75 hours from Port
Hadlock.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 44 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 24 hours from Eel
River.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, 12 days from Guay
mas and way ports, via Knsenada 48 hours.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopander, 75 hours from
Newport and way ports. .
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 16% hours from Eu
relca.
Stmr Ruth, Johnson, 61 hours from Port
Los Anseles.
Stmr Despatch, Levlnson, 62 hours from San
Dleso. •
Stmr Nevadan, Weeden, 61 days from New
York, via St Lucia 53 days, and via Coronel
22 days. . -
Barge Santa Paula. 62 hours from San
Pedro, In tow tug Monarch. . ,
Schr Free Trade; Fergesen. 4 days from
Sluslaw River.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. ' '
Schr S Danlelson, Larsen, 15 hours from
Fish Rock. :
Schr Gem, Nygran, C2 hours • from Coquille
River.
Schr San Buenaventura, Holmberg, 7% days
from Grays Harbor, v-
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The torpedo-boat destroyer which was re
cently completed at the Union Iron "Works,
made her preliminary trial yesterday with Cap
tain George Harvey In charge and Engineer
Gardlneer on board, representing the company.
Captain Harvey stated that the trial was sat
isfactory in every respect.
Preliminary Trial Satisfactory.
Yosemlte Council of the National Union
and a number^ of Its friends went on a
bay excursion yesterday on the steamer
Monticello. • The excursionists, a most
congenial aggregation of people, were
taken "along the city front to Hunters
Point and then to the south shore of
Marln County, through Racoon Straits,
and thence to El Campo, where they
were allowed . to disembark and remain
ashore for an hour to partake of , lunch.
The trip was then resumed and the boat
passed close to the western coast of Con
tra Costa County to give the excursion
ists an opportunity to obtain a full: and
satisfactory view, of all points of inter
est within the range of observation. Aft
er passing Selby's smelting works the
steamer continued, passing Crockett,
Port Costa and on the turn slcirting close
to Benicia.>-She then proceeded past- the
navy yard at Mare Island and the va
rious war /vessels at anchor, after which
the Tun was continued to V allejo, where
the vessel remained 1 for an hour to give
all who wished an opportunity -.o, go.
ashore . and see . the city. A . brass band
played popular airs during the trip. -
This excursion was one of the "most
pleasant given this season by a fraternal
association. It was under the direction
of H. Beaver, R. P. Rumpf, J. Petz H
Baugh, W. W. Peck and H. Baum.
NATIONAL UNIONISTS
ENJOY BAY EXCURSION
' Sixty men of the Naval Reserve from the
U. S. S. Marlon, In charge of Captain Nerney
and Commander George W. Bauer, and under
the auspices of the Naval Reserve Social and
Outing Club, started out early yesterday morn
ing in the steam launch and two boats for a
clambake and outing at Paradise Cove
The boats were well stocked with provisions
and drinkables and the boys enjoyed the ex
cursion.
Naval Reserve Enjoys Clambake.
Captain Peterson, formerly of the Dispatch,
who did such good work in bringing oft the
survivors . of the shipwrecked Walla Walla
some time ago, will shortly take command of
the Hermosee, plying between Ban Pedro and
Catalina Islands.
Captain Peterson to Take Command.
NOTE— In tho abovo exposition of tho tldea
the early morning tides are given in tho left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ..in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted ; from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Chief* Wittman received a dispatch yes
terday morning that the officer from
Springfield, Mass., with the papers for
the extradition of J. B. Black, ' of many
aliases, would arrive here this morning.
Black is wanted there for swindling a
bank out of $385 by means of a worthless
draft. The two cases pending against him
In Judge Conlan's court will be called
this morning and will probably be contin
ued to give the officer from Springfield
time to get his papers signed by the
Governor. Thirty-eight hotel-keepers in
the East, who are members of the Na
tional Hotel-keepers'. Association, are
also anxious to have Black tried for
swindling them.
Black's Nemesis Nearing Here.
The Nevadan's time from New York to
this port was sixty-one days, fiom St
Lucia fifty-three days ¦ and from Coronel
twenty-two days. She will .remain in
dock for three weeks, and In the mean
time she will be changed from coal to an
oil burner. In the future she will run
between this port and the Hawaiian Isl
ands, and will have a sugar carrying ca
pacity of 5000 tons. Sir*:
Captain Weeden, who is now in com
mand of the Nevadan, was formerly In
charge of the Eureka, running between
the Sound and the islands.
The Nevadan is 2857 tons and built on
the latest freight pattern. She has short,
thickset, turreted masts and a steel boom
capable of lifting forty tons. . She' makes
her own ice and has 600 tons of refriger
ator space.' and special fittings and ap
pliances for livestock, and can carry from
eighty to one hundred head on her upper
deck.
The captain brought a sample of the
ashes with him. They have the appear
ance of a very fine pumice stone.
Some of the crew stated that on the 7th,
toward midnight, they heard two reports
that sounded like the firing of heavy
guns. The deck was strewn with ashes
and the lookout, when he came down,
looked like a. plaster cast.
Two days out from St. Lucia, on \ May
8, the/ captain of the Nevadan reports
the vessel ran into a storm of ashes. He
said that at 3:30 a. m. on that day the
ashes grew so thick that the fog 'whistles
had to be sounded, and at 4:30 a.' m. they
got so heavy that It was impossible to
look to windward. At 8 a. m. Lhe water
became very thick and much discolored,
and remained so during the forenoon. The
only forerunner of this ash avalanche
was a few thunder claps and flashes of
lightning. .
The captain went on to state that on
May 5 they were thirty miles from Marti
nique, and reached 'the island of St. ' Lu
cia on the following day. Here they re
ceived news from a" small French steam
er of the first eruption of Mont Pelee.
The Frenchman had recently returned
from Martinique, bringing in some of the
injured. The captain reported a sad in
cident that had occurred during the lava
overflow at Martinique. A father and
son had been out walking and were soou
made to realize the danger they were in.
They tried to escape from, the lava that
was racing toward them, but the- aged
father was unable to get away quickly
enough and was swallowed up in the fiery
stream. The son, more fortunate, made
good his escape.
later steamed slowly up the bay
to" her moorings at the Steuart-str.eet
dock. Captain H. F. Weeden, who had
charge of her from Coronel, where Cap
tain Delano left her to return to New
York to bring out the sister ship Nebras
kan, which is now nearly ready for ser
vice, stated that he had encountered
head winds part of the voyage, but he
was well content with the time, which
was sixty-one days from New York.'
j - ¦'¦¦- '' ".'J
THE American-Hawaiian Steamship
Company's new boat Nevadan
dropped anchor off Meiggs wharf
early yesterday morning and
No. 32370 draws first capital prize of $60,000.
sold In Memphis, Tenn., San Jose. Costa Rica,
St. Louis. Mo.
No. 71630 draws second capital prize of $20.- J
000, sold in San Francisco, Cal., Brenham
Texas, New Orleans. La. • .
No. 053S draws third capital prize of $10,000,
sold In Tezlutlan, Mexico, Portland, Me.. Gal
veston, Texas.
Nos. 317B8. S5009, 80142. 60452 and 605S8
draw each $1000. sold in Philadelphia, Pa.;
Chicago. 111.; Altoona, Pa.; Mexla. Texas;
Canpeche Cam; Mexico City; New York; Sher
man- Texas; New Orleans, La.; Havana Cuba-
Panama. Colombia; St. Louis, Mo
JOSE M. DE LA VEGA. Treasury Dept.
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
JUAN B. CASTELLO. vice Apollnar Cas
tillo, deceased, intervenor. ¦ •
TERMINAL, PRIZES. -~ ;
709 numbers ending with 70, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60,000— $20.
700 numbers ending with 30, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20.000— $20.
100 numbers from 32320 to 32420 Inclusive, be
ing CO numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $60,000— $60.
100 numbers from 71380 to 716S0 inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each «lde of the number
drawing capital prize ot |20,0OO— $40.
100 numbers from 8483 to 938S inclusive, be
ing 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10.000 — $20.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
President. J. J. <5e Freitae; vice president, J.
P. Martin; secretary, A -I*. Quaresma; treasur
er, Charles Fuller; trustees — J. I. Bello, J.
Baptlste and J. Coelho. - .
The association has a membership of
250 and was formed to aid the sick among
tho Portuguese colony. It has $10,000 in
the treasury and expends hundreds of
dollars annually for charitable purposes.
Its officers are:
Floor manager (lower pavilion), Manuel Gar
cia; assistant floor managers — John Rafael and
John P. Martin.
Floor manager (upper pavilion), J. E. Betten
court; assistant. M. Madeircs.
Arrangements — J. Coelho. (chairman), A. S.
Martlnho. A. T. Bettencourt. F. Sousa and
A. L. Queresma.
Reception — N. Veira, F. Sousa, F. Saraiva,
M. M. Amarante and J. T. Santos.
The thirty-first annual picnic of the
Portuguese Protective and Benevolent
Association was held yesterday at Shell
Mound Park, and the affair wes a big
success In every detail. More than 1500
pleasure seekers gathered at ths grounds,
and enjoyment was the order of the day.
Both dancing pavilions ! were crowded
¦with the picnickers, who danced to the
music of excellent bands. The upper pa
vilion was devoted to the Azorean style
of dancing, for which a stringed band
was especially provided. The committee
and floor managers were as follows:
Games— R. M. Locke (chairman), L. I.
Marks. J. C. Murphy, Ed Long, J. J. Larkey
and Frank Tyrrell.
Raffle— T. B. Mahoney (chairman), I. C.
GroEE. W. H. Murphy. D. Cameron and W. J.
Hanekamp.
Gate — Ike Holz (chairman), C. McAuliffe,
James Haedrlch andtharles Seeburt,
POKTUGTTESE MAKE . MERRY.
Benevolent Association Holds Thirty-
First Annual Picnic at Shell Mound.
Arrangements — T. B. Mahoney, chairman; I.
C. Gross, vice chairman; J. J. Hughes, secre
tary; L. E. Bolvln, treasurer; W. H. Barry. H.
R.- Hoffman, W. H. Murphy, George Ahrens,
B. F. Wigginton, W. J. Hanekamp and D. A.
Cameron.
Floor — W. H. Barry, manager; assistants —
B. F. Ames and George Ahrens; James Mul
hern, J. H. Kingston, L. Etrasser, George
Schnepple, F. W. Fahrenholz, J. E. Welsh, H.
M. Locke, Thomas Mclntyre. H. H. Bishop, I.
Springer, C. W. Dunn. H. H. McGowan. C. A.
Britain. R. D. Barton and J. W. Bennett.
The attendance was the largest record
ed by the organization at an outing simi
lar to that given yesterday. The merry
makers journeyed to the park in special
trains. In the morning three long trains
carried the nicnickers, and in the after
noon another train brought Its thousands.
The day was ideal and the members of
th« fair sex wore their gayest gowns. The
rearers of the gray laid aside their uni
forms for outing costumes and entered
into the pleasures of the day with keen
appreciation. The annual outing was a
huge success and was due to the efforts
ot the following committees: : :~.*
Uncle Sam's letter carriers took a need
ed rest yesterday. The members of the
San Francisco Letter Carriers' Mutual
Aid Asociatlon, with their families an'l
friends, repaired to Schuetzen Park and
enjoyed a delightful day. They danced
and roamed over the pretty grounds,
lunched and played games, and had as
much fun as a small boy on a vacation.
Schuetzen Park Is Thronged
by Letter-Carriersand
Friends.
Thousands Attend Picnic
and Delightful Day
Is Spent. •
American-Hawaiian Company's Vessel Arrives From New York and Reports
Having Encountered the Blasting Breath of the Volcano 500 Miles
From Martinique— Curacao Brings Survivors of Wrecked Eliza Miller
ASHES FROM BURSTING MONT PELEE
ENVELOP THE STEAMSHIP NEVADAN
POSTMEN ENJOY
ANNUAL OUTING
No. • Prize. jNo. Prize. |No. Prlz*.
69929 100 69041..... 40170006 ' 10*>
70016 20 70043 20 70199 40
70278; 100 70428 100 70507..... . 20
70601 20 70676 .: 20 70718...".. 20
70731...... 2070748 4070818..:.. 40
70854 20 70987 20171006 20
"1007 207102.1 20171137..'... 40
71141 20171165 40J71424 ~ICO
71464 2071527. 20|71570 40
71630 2000071652 20 71669 40
71671'..... 2071690 40
71983..... 20 71091 40(72085 20
72124 10072128 20 72287 20
72387..... 20 72424 20 72458..... 2<J
72683..... 20 72729 40 72740 - 2t>
72S22 20 72S71 20 73259 20
73333 100 73365 40 734S5 40
73625 40 73767 40 73777 20
73920..... 2073950 20 73987 20
74091 40 74244 20174267 100
74445 20 74480 2017465.1..... 40
74674 4074961 40'74977 2O
75005 20 75133 20|7524tt 10O
75304 20 75402 20175428 20
75755. .... 20 75813 . 20173840. .... 100
75860.,... 20 75902 ." 20173977 20
76061 40 76114..... 4017(1116..... 20
76121 - 2076155 20 76190 100
76222 2076418 40 76422 200
765S6..... 20 76645 20 7e7S5> 20
76S05 100 76830 20 76050 "100
77043 20|77159 20 7717ft 40
77195 20 77218 20 77356 ICO
77583.,... 20 77815 20 77817 20
77S20 20 77944 40 77962 20
78010 2078154 40 78188 2»
78225 40 7S329 100|7S3.15 100
78397 20 78566 40|78815 4O
7861« 40178662..... 40)78798 40
7SS79 20 78008 40179005 10O
7DO07 20 79124 40179179 40
79253 20|702tt) 20179312 20'
79314 40179586 20179720 20
79922 20179996 100
THE SAN FKi^STCISGO ; CALLV MONDAY, JUNE 30^ 1902.
NUMBERS
— OF THE —
Beneficencia Publica
(Class "F.")
City of Mexico, June 26, 1902.
No. - Prize. JNo. Prize. INo. Prize.
401 450 40 611 100
700..... 40| 726 40| 740 20
744 20| 7t5O..... 600 1063 40
.1107..... 20|1112 . 20 1414 20
1448..... 2!0| 14tW..... 20 ' 1499 40
1023, 20 1643..... ¦ 20 11)04 20
1005..... 600 1955..... 40| 2142..... -20
2419..... 20 2421 . 20 1 2553 20
: 2788. . .-. . 4U| 3007 . . 20| 3102 40
3128..... 40| 3147..... 20j 3700 100
3U98 ' 20| 4047 1 201 4100 20
4139 100| 4164..... 40| 4347 40
4410..... 20 443(5 200 1 4444 20
4447 100 4503 40| 4605....... 20
4610 40 4782 20| 4829 . 40
4860 20 4059 20 1 505)3 "20
5220..... 20 5251 2OO|5327 100
6712..... 40 5725..... 40| 5818 20
5939 20 6023 40 6125 40
6261 100 6401..... 40 6552 20
6642..... -200 6661 20|bTJ7 100
6743 20t 6773 40| 6796 ' 20
6814 2016823..... 2016897..... 40
6915..... 200| 6063 40 7002 40
7110 40 7153 20 7159 200
7164 200 7196,.... .20 736« 500
7535....; 40 7614 20 7681 20
7694 20 7738..... 20 7921.:'... 40
7924 20 7953 20 8129 20
8132 20 8234 . 40| 8267 100
-8276..... 40 8*97 20| S621 40
8S44 20 SU2tt 20| 8976 20
0094..... 20 9110 40| 9149 40
92C5..... 100 9310 20| 0339 20
9357..... . 40 9406 401 9456 100
0462 40 9476 40[ 9538.....100C0
0500 40 9612 20| 9682 40
9748 20 9888 20J9903..... -40
0978 100 10008 100|10169 40
10217..... 40 10267 20110544 £0
10665 20110768 20|10777 20
1085(1..... 40111038....'. 100111060 100
11118 20(11369 20(11571 ¦ 20
11573 100J11606 20|11617 100*
11673 20111752 20|11802 20
11849 20 11986..... 100|12051 600
12125..... 40|12143..... 40|12165 20
12167 40 12409 40|12865 2W
f»26 20 12931 100113063 2O
093.;... 100 13131 ( 20|13155..... 40
355 . 2013460 20U3527 20
13555..... 40 13728 40 13854 . 40
14121 40|14197 2014204 / 40
14230..... 40114427 20 14486 40
14578.,... 40J14580 100 14680..... 40
14745 100 14975 20|15066 40
15387..... 20 15523 20|15532 2O
15610 100 15681 20115723 20
15826..... 100 15969 20115973..... 20
16110. .... 201C641 40)16649 20
16684 100 16726 . 40 16777 20
16803..... -40 16927..... 40 17023 20
17150 100 17264. .... 40|17340 100
17409..... 40 17453 20J17514 20
175S2...... 20 17866 100 18007 100
18114 20|18160 40 18188 40
1S248 20|18253..... 20 18400 40
1S555 40118626 20 18077 20
18001 40 19293 20|l»299 40
19346 20 19405 20 19664 40
10608 . ¦ 20 10710 20 19998 20
20320..... "' 20 20459..... 20120478.;...- 4O
2O4S2. ¦ 4020586 20|20«46 20
20804 40 20819 20120934 2O
20900 20 20065 20120993..... 20
20009..... 200 21044..... 20|21047..... 40
21161 -40 21188 2012120O..... 20
21325 40 21375 20J21519 20
21623..... 20 21766 20121837 20
22068 20 22130 40*22307 40
22588 20
22598 40 22707 40 22762 20
22773 40 22870 20 22968..... 20
23210 10023281 20 23205 . 2CO
23369 100 23460 20 23530 20
23543 20 23730 20 23762 20
23969 202406a. 100 24199 ¦ 40
24217 . 2024242 40 24537 20
24611 ". 2024690 2024751..... 40
24760 2024784 20 24786 20
24790 20 24852. 40 24932 40
25435 20 25932 . 40 26011 100
26058 . 20026103 40 26126 40
26320 4026404 20 26450 -20
26504 2026523 20 26690 20
26887 4026996..... 20 27022 20
27050 2027053 40 27105 20
27285 . 4027507 20 27689 20
27692 . 4027706 100 27742 20
28097..... 40 28123..V.. 20 28227 20
28360..... 40 28369 200 28493 20
28629 100 28702..... 40 28803 200
28922 2029148..... 20 29255 -40
29365 4029374 20 29485 20
29628 20 29698..... 20 29707:.... 20
29731 4029807 20 29945 20
30035 10030095 40 30105. 20
30202..... , 40 30296 20 30308 20
30325 2030398 2030709..... 20
30731..... 40 30737..... 20 30945 100
30883 100 30940. .... 20 1^0063 100
31020 4031195..... 20 31243 40"
31270 100 31295..... 40 31323^... 100
81421..... 20 31541 20 31623 40
31675..... 4031765 . 40 31766 1000
31892 10031927 40 31968 20
32058 40 32175 '. 20 32316 '. 20
32370 6000032413 20 32553 20
32677..... 200 32722. .t.. 20 32748 40
32814....*. 2083168.'.... 20 33239 40
33290..... 40 33622..... 20 33697 40
33846 2033878 . 20 33881 20
34079..... 20 34083 20 34193 40
34208..... 20 34432 40 34506 200
34548 . 2034763 100 35035 100
35009 100035105 20 35249..... BOO
35256 , 2035363 20 35381 100
35432 ' 20 35689..... 20 357W 40
3584.1..... 4035958 . 2035064..... 40
35065 40 3611R . 40 36224 20
36307 20 36369 20 36693 20
36498 . -20036626 ; 10036054 20
36776 2036817 4036947 20
37448..... 20 37611 20 37716 100
37724..... 100 37734 20 37750 40
37876 20 37970 .20 38117 40
38141 20S8298 20 38373 40
38407..... 40 38429 20 384B2 40
38594....; 20 38648 100 38671..... 40
38688....^ 4038825 4038872..... 20
38940 . 20038987 20 39039 20
39257 20 39280..... 40 39471 20
39608..... 200 39921..... 200 39993 40
40406 4040409 20 40437 600
40658. .... 40 40718 40 41048 20
41083. ..7.1 10041214 10041226..... 20
41432..... 2041441..... 40 41653 40
41751 2041897 20 41958 20
41963..'.., 40 42081..... 20 42142 2O
42250 4042334 40 42494 20
42512 2042648 20 42779 100
42849 40 42964 40 43055 100
43149 40 43305 40 43518 20
43554...., 20 43631..;?. 20 43722 20
43918 20 43990..;.. 100 43999 20
4418.8 20 44410 20 44834 100
44993 2045011 20 45061 "500
45070..... 2045164 20 45281 100
45336 2045339 .. 20 45412... •.. • 40
45518..... 40 45605..... 20 45668 40
45740 2045832.:.:. 40 45896 20
45993 2046013 20 46035 40
46049. _20 40073..... 20 4C252...\. 20
46388 ' 20 46546..... 20 46704 20
46800 20 46871 . 20 46873 20
4B899 t 2046011..... 20 47102 . 100
47265 4047273.:... 20 47625 40
47630..... 2047762 100 47784..... 100
47823 20 47829 20 47877..'... 200
47929 2048293 .40 48294 20
48302..... 20148409 20 48446 20
48521 20148541 20 48571 200
48-733..;.. 20 48822 20 4R844 200
48857 20148909..... 2049125..... 20
49174..;.. 20h»18t. 40 49187 20
49B51 100149733 2O|40S»24 20
5CO03..... 20150014 . ; 40150096 20
50142. . ... 1000150163. .... .40150527 20
B0544;.... 20150698..... 20150733 200'
51009 40151011 200151043 20
51079 100I510S4 20151153 100
51203..... 20151240..... 20151279 40
51282 40(51304 - 40|!U309 20
51373..... 40|51fi33 100 51759 20
51806..... 201519.18..... 20 51083..... 20
52095 40152114..... 20 52152 20
52374..... 20152375..... 20152415 40
52581...:. 40152626 40152641..... 20O
52663 . 40I52C73..... 40152729... \.. BOO
52841 . 100152856 40153143 20
63370....; 40183484.,... 40153764. 20
63843 , 40153022..... 100IR.194S..... 40
63968..... 20154251..... 20 34252.*... 20
54270..... ' 40154412 . 100154421 20
54438 100154484 40154543 20
54614..... 40|54707. 20154727 200
54824..... 20154869 20154905 40
55045 100155070. £0155086..... 20
55460 20155495...... 20I6C552 100
65049 40155707 . 20165760 BOO
65021 40155937 20|5«002 20
56042 20I5KW3 20157169 20
57171..... 20157311.;... 20157370..... 20
67460..... • 20157622..... 40157681 40
57827..... 20157846..... 40|57899 40
57937.....' 20IM171....V 20158244 20
5S253. .... 40158274 20I5S348. .... 40
68421..... 20158426 40|58652 40
68580:;...-" 20158612 20158728..... 100
5S741 20158867 100158909 40
50103..... 20159178..... 40159413..... 20
50348..V.. 100159594 20159714 20
59745.-:... : 100159895..... 20160107 100
60192 .' 40 60226 40160452 1000
60502 20 60667 40|6058S 1000
60615..... .40160627. 20160W6 20
60701..... •',' 40160810..... 20|60820 40
6097U.... / 20161127..:;. .40101145..... 40
6127H..... 40161325 20|«1423..... 4a
81532..... 100161534..... 20)61834..... 20
61932..... 20161933:.... 20161976..... 40
62035:.... 20162104 40 62122 . 20
62256..... 40162264 . 20 62633 20
62712..... 20 62714..'... 20|fi2SS6..... 40
62906 40162936 . 40|63160. .. .. 20
63381..... 20 63427 40163403 40
63R83 V 4016.1704 -20I83707 20
83760..... 100163828..... 1COI64115. . ... 20
64258..... 20 64321..... 10O|64.168..... 40
64468...:. 10064601 40 64842 20
(M850 . 40 64936/ 40 65323 . 40
65365..... .40 65491..... 40 656CO..... 40
B5672..... 20 66716 100 66137 40
86287..,.? 2O|6B319 20166624 , 20
66674..... 40166926 20166977 20
87057..... 20167180 100|67224 «o
57281..... 20|67372: -40 67405. loo
67447.".... .40167471..... 20 67CS9..... 20
B7785..... 20167799 .1 20 67911. 20
67097..... ~ 20168018..... 20 68076... 20
68469 4068622...... 40 68748 20
68766...... 40168797..... .20 68930... 40
B8994.....' 20169020. 20169082 50O
B036B....: 100169518..... ' 20169550.. r.. 40
69699.....'- -20 60759.:... 20169859..... 40
5
AMUSEMENTS.
\ BIG JUBILEE BILL!
Eussell Brothers and Company;
James Thornton; Lenton and Mc-
lntyre; A very and Hart; Hallen
and Fuller; Mr. and Mrs. Water-
ous; Sisson and Stewart; Dave
Lewis, end the Biograph.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony. 10c; box seats
and opera chairs. 50c
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
COME AROVND AND CATCH THE BEAUTI-
FUL GUTTER OF
THE
IDOL'S EYE
HEAR THE FCNNT LINES and the Famous
i "FAIRY TALES."
¦ POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT! ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
EXTRA MATINEE JULY 4 (FRIDAY)
The Great New York Melodramatic Success.
SBMS J! NIGHT
See the Great Cellar Scene on the Banks of
the River Thames, etc.
PRTfF^ Evenings 10c to 60c
1 lUWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next— "SUNSHINE OF PARADISE ALLEY."
(f*ni i liUilSl A SAB FEMiRSCO'S
if il jE$i M LMiSG THEATEE
Curtain rises evenings at 8, matinees at 2.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAS Presents
HENRY MILLER;
MARGARET ANGLIN
And Special Company.
Last 6 Eiffhts and two matinees of Arthur W.
Pinero's comedy,
( THE GAY LORD QUEX
Y After its run of 400 nights in London.
Next Monday— HENRY MILLER. MAR-
GARET ANGLIN and Special Co. in Anthony
Hope's Romantic Comedy. "THE ADVEN-
TURE OF THE LADY URSULA."
Seats Ready Next Thursday.
FlSCher's Theater.
Ou Sec«*
Sensation *V111U111.
A GREAT TRIPLE BILL.
"Pousse Cafe,"
"Antony and Cleopatra,"
"A Royal Family."
Presented by all the famous artists who have
ceptured the town. KOLB, DILL. BERNARD
ELAKE, HERMSEN. DE FORREST. MAUDE
AMBER and CHARLOTTE VIDOT. An aug-
mented chorus. We simply cannot tell you ail
the many novelties that you will howl at. •
EPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE FRIDAY.
July 4.
Usual Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Week.
MAUDE FEALY
And
EDWARD MORGAN
tei a grand ecer.lc and electrical production of
Goethe's Immortal Play,
., "FAUS T."
MAUDE FEALY as MARGUERITE.
EDWARD MORGAN as MEPHISTO.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
>.'«« Week— MAUDE FEALY and EDWARD
MORGAN In "THE CHRISTIAN."
TO-NIGHT— FOURTH WEEK.
Matinees jcly <th and Saturday.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Eupported by WHITE ¦WHrTTLESET,
In David Belasco*s Great Play,
Z.A.Z.A.
texts now selling fcr all this and next week,
la Preparation — "AS YOU LIKE IT."
THEATER PACKED TO THE VERY WALLS.
A SYMPHONY OF DELIGHT.
FVFRY FVKN'IVfi Matinee Saturday.
ETCttI ETCmnU Thursday Matinee.
£:15 EHJ.RP. Special Matinee duly 4.
The Eminent Actor,
MR. FREDERICK
WARDE
Supported by the strongest company ever
CTgaclzed for the classic and romantic drama.
Presenting an elaborate scenic production of
"FRANCESCA
DA
ri RIMINI."
- Trk* list suspended during WARDE season.
SEATS NOW SELLING. ,
22S CHUTES!
MODLRS VAUDEVILLE LVERY AFTERNOON
A\D LVENLN'G.
3CELLY AND VIOLETTE; CARROLL
BROTHERS; HIT.L AND WHITAKER;
TWIN EISTERS MEREDITH; TWO LIT-
TLE PUCKS; MURPHY AND SLATER ;
WEBBER AND TSLLIOTT. AND NEW
MOVING PlCTt'IlES.
f Daily acd Nightly! Don't Fail to Ssa
Eardy Downing Loop the Loop
GRAND FIREWORKS FOURTH OF JULY!
Admission 10c Children Sc
Phone for Seat* — Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Oj>en dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. ra.
Eathlng from 7 a. ra. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, 5c
l Bathing. Including adrelrglon. 25c: children. 20c.
* the" weekly call
¦351 per Year,
-
AD VEBTISEMEMTS.
yVu. Havana Filler
" FL0R0D0RA " BANDS en
of same value as tegs from
" STAR," " HORSE SHOE,"
"SPEARHEAD."" STANDARD NA V7."
•' OLD PEACH & HONEY,"
" SA W LOG." " OLE VARGINY"
.. or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
6 ,||,|||||||||||||| •'lIMlfl
D*ll*ir»/a Desirable location.
I dlUvC unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled scr-
nrtd V1CC ? nd modern
' ullU conveniences are the
attributes that have
i\r*ini\ made these two ho-
II 1 UllU tels popular with
tourists' and travel-
Hotels FAncti ¦** SM
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SCOTTISH UNION
AND NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
Of EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND, ON THB
flst day ai December. A. D. 1901. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the-
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by Company. . . . $243,462 18
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . . . 1,134415 30 J
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.192,803 60
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 2,600 00
Cash In Company's Of See 875 33
.Cash In Banks 260.973 10
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans' 25,14i> 87
Interest due and accrued on Bonds • ¦
and Mortgages 12.367 38
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection .027.588 S3
Total Assets ..$4,404,937 33 '
LIABILITIES. . . .-~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $132,813 15
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 113.323 75
Losses resisted, including expenses. 21,581 45
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,421.-
817 73; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 710.6SS S«
Gross premiums on Firs Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,- '
919,749 48: reinsurance pro rata. 1,006,925 49
All other liabilities 192|815 47
Total Liabilities $2,178,323 IT
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $2,067,464 63
Received for interest on Bonds.
and Mortgages 48,964 40
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 84,071 21
Received for rents ............... 1.833 08
Total Income ....$2,202,333 31
EXPENDITURES. '• =
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including* $190,936 44, losses of
previous years) .$1,380,909 83.
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ;... 440,764 59
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 95,320 78
Paidtfor State. National and local
taxes. 80,189 57
All other payments and expendi-
tures 114,714 64
Total expenditures ..$2,121,898 97
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. .$1.408.866 18
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums* .
1 Net amount of Risks
« written during the
year $403,582.380 $4,058,033 80
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .«? .
year .' «S1,142,296 3,607.337 99
Net amount in force ...
December 31, 1901. > 367.690.544 3,341.067 21
Subscribed and sworn to before mo this 7th
day of February. 1902.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER. Notary Public.
JAS. H. BREWSTER, United States Mgr.
T.'J. A. TIEDEMANN, General Agent.
Pacific Coast, Hawaii and British
Columbia Department
439 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL&
1 Eyeglasses and, Spectacles I
ffil Are supplied only of the if
|-| finest quality, jruaranteed Kg
Kg to fit and give perfect com- |-j
8 PRICES MODERATE IS
H Tiotory oa primiMf. Plus* Ktia 10 U
%J 64 2 St. tp
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
. The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. - Sells on Its own merits
NABKR, ALFS & BRUNB. Agents. _ .
323 Market st.. 3. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
W. T. HESS;
KOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNKT-AT-LAT.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013. Claus Spreckels bids.
• " Telephone Main 083. ¦
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell.
Residence Telephone, James 1501.Each club was represented by six riders.
One of these started In each group, and
made one complete circle of the triangle,
eight and one-third miles-.
The San Francisco Wheelmen were un
fortunate, four of their riders sustain
ing falls. No one was badly Injured. The
official table shows the time made, by each
rider. E. Hearther of the Oakland Wheel
men is credited with having made the
fastest time. He covered the course In
22 minutes and 15 seconds. The official
table:
D. Williamson made the last relay for
Oakland. Owing to the good time made
by his clubmates he received the packet
he was to carry nearly two minutes ahead
of his nearest competitor. Although each
of these covered the course In faster
time than he rode it they were unable
to cut down all his lead. He finished 1
minute 25 2-5 seconds ahead of E. A.
Mitchell of the California Cycling Club.
He, In turn, beat A. L. Knox by one-fifth
of a second, hardly more than a wheel's
lene^h.
The race Is an Interclub affair, which
will be run annually hereafter.. It is lim
ited to the Oakland Wheelmen, San Fran
cisco Wheelmen and California Cycling
Club. This bars the powerful teams of
the Garden City Wheelmen and Bay City
Wheelmen, and will have the effect of
building up the weaker organizations. Tho
clubs will subscribe each year for a sil
ver trophy, which will be won outright.
The contest yesterday was well handled
under the racing and record committee of
California Associated Cyclists. This Is
made up of C. I* McEnerney. (chairman),
A. E. Berg, A. W. Morganstern, K S.
Upson and H. L. Delaney.
Under the rays of a too ardent sun the
relay riders of Oakland Wheelmen won
the first of a series of races yesterday
over the historic San Leandro triangle
course.
Hearther. Makes tho Fastest
Circuit of Official
Course.
Win Interclub Cycling
Contest on the San
Leandrb Road.
OAKLAND RIDERS
ARE VICTORIOUS
Cholera Appears in Tokio.
TOKIO, Japan, June 29.— Cholera has
appeared here. • :
PARIS. June 29.-Th*e recent Investiga
tion by the jockey club of the conduct on
the French turf • of American jockeys
who. It was intimated, had attempted to
prevent the English \ jockeys riding with
themfrom winning races, has resulted in
the exoneration of the. Americans.
American Jockeys . Exonerated.
. The 'Pacifies then went to the bat, but
Kortlang's bowling proved so deadly, that
the whole team . was out for 39 runs,
Kortlang taking nine wickets for the ex
ceedingly small total of six runs. In
•A team of ten 1 men from the Union Iron
Works, captained by B. Kortlang, com
pletely crushed an eleven of the Pacific
Cricket Club yesterday on the Alameda
grounds. B. Kortlang won the toss and
went to the wickets. . After two. wickets
had fallen for four runs Kortlang and E.
G. Sloman got together, and knocked the
bowling all over the field, Kortlang retir
ing when he had made 102 runs and Slo
man with 55 to his credit. None - of* the
others offered much resistance to \ the
bowling of Bennion and Casldy, : and the
Inning was declared closed with the loss
of nine wickets for 172 runs.
PACIFIC CBICKETEBS
SUITER FIRST DEFEAT
George F. Whitney was. captain of the
run and set a good pace. On reaching
Mission San Jose the San Francisco and
Oakland automobilists were met by a
large body of members of \ the San Jose
Automobile Club. Luncheon was served
in the Gallegoa place, and the idea of re
turning in time to catch the 4 p. m. creek
ferryboat being abandoned, there was
plenty of ' time for leisurely enjoyment.
The following made the trip from. San
Francisco and Oakland: W. H. and Mrs.
Kellogg and Miss Estelle Kellogg; Dor
vllle Libby "Jr.,; P. F. Rockett; R. H.
Hoag, Mrs. and Miss Hoag; Mrs. Brine
gar, H. T. McKnight and Dwlght Porter-
H. S. Jerome. C. A. Hawkins and Stan
ley Postley; Byron Jackson and son; Cal
vin C. Eib; Gordon Grant and R. McMul
lin; J. Holle and Miss H. Barner; Charles
Linegar and John 'Little: William and
Mrs. .von-Voss; J. G. Moffitt and Mrs J
Henry; Lew Andrews aha S. Hewsori; E.
Courtney Ford, S. E. Hartwell E P
Bringegar and Ellis Parrlsh; D. D a'
Stapler,, Mrs. Stapler and children.
In the San Jose contingent were Dr. and
Mrs. W.'.H. Crpthers; Captain .Frank
Coykendall and. Lieutenant Olenson- C
H. and Mrs. Letcher; R. E. Connolly-
Raisch and Mrs. Ralsch Coykendall ¦¦WI1-"
bur J. Edwards; A. H. Marten; Judge W
H. Hyland, Dr. C. C. Marckres J; R. and
.Mrs.vwelch; John S. Benipe; B. D? Mer
chant;. C. R. F. Martin of St. Louis- S T
Nichols of Indianapolis; Edward T'-Ster*
ling; W. H. and Mrs. Hunt and daughter-
Harry. and Mrs. Bercovlch;-A. J. and Mrs'
Salazar and children; H. A. and Mrs r
Gabriel: Le Roy Livermore, Lew Black'
E. Knickerbocker and Dr. Wislocki There
were, some slight mishaps, but nothing of
serious , importance marred the 'outine
which, was agreed to be the best the club
has had. * " ¦¦¦¦¦' -.¦-¦-
The members of ' the Automobile Club
of California enjoyed a pleasant 'run yes
terday to Mission San Jose. The auto
mobillsts crossed the bay by the Oakland
Creek ferryboat, leaving San Francisco at
9 a. m., and on reaching the other side
were met by the Alameda County chauf
feurs.
. Two battalions of the Naval Reserve
from the United States steamer Marion
had a picnic yesterday at Paradise Cove.
The First Battalion was under the com
mand of Lieutenant C. Schilling, and the
Second Battalion under the command of
Captain Thomas Harloe.
The yawl Gypsie has returned from a
cruise up the Sacramento River, on which
she was accompanied by the sloops Cath
arine, Pactolus and Secret, all the boats
reaching Sacramento. The California flag
ship Thelma made Freeport. The sloop
Pactolus returned to Oakland Creek on
Saturday, and the Secret made her moor
ings off the California Yacht Club house
yesterday. The trip up the • river was
Eleasant, the weather, being fine and there
elng no mosauitoes.' . "
The California Yacht Club was repre
sented by the - yawl Gypsie, the sloops
Mascotte, Occident, Espy, Secret and
Catherine. < >
Later the yachts cruised up through
Raccoon Straits and dropped anchor- in
Paradise Covfe. Among the yachts under
way were the- flagship Thetis, the schoon
er Chispa, the yawls Phyllis and Royal
and the sloops Queen, Cygrius, Rover and
Anita of the San Francisco Yacht Club;
the flagship Edna, the sloops Emma, Fre
da, Belle, Harpoon, Speedwell, Aeolus,
Presto, Truant, Merope, Cupid, Emelle,
Genesta, Phoenicia, Nellie, San Souci,
the yawls Spray, Wave, Arcturus, JTrolic
and Nereid of the Corinthian Yacht Club.
The combined fleets of the San Fran
cisco and Corinthian Yacnt clubs made
sail and got under way yesterday morn
ing, most of the yachts making for the
channel, where a strong breeze was blow
ing.
AUTOISTS ENJOY
A COUNTRY RUN
' . Bowler— ' ;" Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wckts.
C. Lewis....:.....' 44 •-¦ 25., 2, 5-
E. G. Sloman .42 26 ' 1 4
. Lewis ' bowled < two wldes.
SUMMARY/OF BOWLING.
• .Total both. Innings... ..:..'. :.."......*;:'.. 08
'Runs' at the' fall : of each' wicket— One for
2, two. for 6. three for 12. four for 19/ five for
33, six for 88, seven for 40, eight for. 45, nine
for*59. \ -- . ... :::¦ :¦.. . ..- .¦¦•¦.•-.- .- ...¦•'.¦.. .*¦
¦ , : ¦-<. : NINGS.
T. J. A. Tledemann, c.Bray,- b. Lewis.....'. 0
J. Hopklnson, b. Lewis.. 0
E. H. M. Lannowe, b. Sloman. ...»».. +¦...,.. 12
D. Jamleson, b. Sloman.. :0
H. C.'Casidy, c. and b. Sloman .10
W. Jamleson, b. Lewis..... ...;......'. ...... 8
F.'Bennlon, b." Sloman.*. ;v..:.-.y.'.....;....'l
T. W. Tetley, not out. . '. ... . .'.v .10
1 G.;T. Coles, b. .Lewis.. .'. .............'. 0
V. P. Sollom, c. eub.,b;. Lewis .......10
H. - N. . Storrs, absent .......'... ....•: . :—
Wldes, 2; leg byes, 3; byes; 3 S
Total second Innings..........'.'. .....;.'. CO
Total first Innings. . . . r. . . < 3-j
Bowler—, • Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wckts..
B. • Kortlanff ..... 37 .6. 1 9 ..
J. Triplet......... 36 27 1 1
Triplet ' bowled ' one wide. • •
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB— SECOND IN-
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Total . .............¦..........;.. : .39
Runs at the fall of each wlcket-^MDne • for 7,
two' for' 1, three' for. 15," four for 15, five - for
15, six for 20, seven for 37, eight for 39, nine
for 39, ten for 30. ...
. SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wckts.
D. Jamleson...... 42 24 0 1
V. P. Sollom 42 , 27 2 ' 1
H."»N. Storrs 30 18 1 0
W. Jamleson..... 42 14 ' 0 0
H. C. Casldy...:. 84 BO 1 t 2.',
F. Bennion ........ 66 25 . ,2 2
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB— FIRST INNINGS.
E. H. M. Lannowe, b." Kortlang... 6
W. Jamleson, I. b. w., b. Kortlang.*. ........ 0
F. Bennion, b. Kortlanff.... 0
H. C. Caaldy, L b. w., b. Kortlanff 1
T. J. A. Tledemann, b. Kortlanff 0
T. W. Tetley, b. Kortlanff.... ....'3
H. N. Storrs, b.Kortlang. ...... ............ ¦.-.. ;5
D. Jamleson, b. Triplett : 15
V. P. Sollom, b. Kortlanff .;..'.;..;... ,2
G. T. Coles, b.Kortlangr l
J. Hopklnson, not out .....'... 0
Wlde,<l; leff byes, 2; byes, 3 '.. a
1 Total for nine wickets. ............... .172
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 0,
two for 4, three for 142, four for 145, five for
150, elx for 167, seven for 168, eight for 170,
nine for 172. , '
UNION IRON WORKS.
T. Dewhurst, b. D. Jamleson.... 0
J. Triplet, b. Sollom 2
B. Kortlang, retired. :... ..;... 102
E. G. Sloman, retired.... 35
C. Lewis, run out ; 0
W. Bray, b. Casldy 2
J. Jdhnstone. b. Bennion .-.. 5
R. Scott, b. Bennion...'....'. 1
G. Hoffman, c. W. Jamison, b. Casldy. ..... 0
J. H. Dyer, not out o
Wide, 1; byes. 4.... 5
their second Innings the Pacifies did a lit
tle better, Lahnowe scoring 12 and Cas
idy, Tetley and Sollom 10 each, Tetley be
ing not out The Innings closed for" 59
runs.. Lewis took five wickets and Slo
man captured four. The full details fol
low:
EXPERT TRAP SHOTS ' WHO
PERFORMED YESTERDAY AT
INGL.ESIDE GROUNDS.
divided among Knick, G. L. Barham, Pi
sani, Fllskinger and Blemer. The scores
follow: • . ¦
Hanson 2 2 2 2 2 0—5
McCutcheon 0 1,2 1.1 1—5
Cooper .0 1 2 12 2—5
Murdock 1 11 2 2 2—6
McConnell 2 1 1 x 1 2 — 5
G. L. Barham 1 2 1 1 1 1 — 6
Fish 12 0 1 2 x — 1
Knick .;.. ....2 1 1 1 1- 1—6
Plsani .2 2 2 2 2 2 — 0
Eggers 1 2 10 0 1—4
Jackson 2 10 11 1—5
Iverson 0 0 1 1 0 2 — 3
Walsh ... v 2 1 111 x— S
Donohoe ..2 1 x 2 2 0 — I
Sylvester. ...1 0 1 2 1 2—5
Herring .x x 2 -.1 1 0—3
Hutton 0 0 111 2 — 1
Bonner ....2 0 1 2 2 2 — 5
Flicklnger 2 2 2 2 2 2 — 6
Blemer 1 2 2 11 1—6
2— Second barrel. ' x — Dead out of bounds.
I In this event high guns won and the
money was divided among G. L. Barham,
Cooper and McCutcheon. Debenham also
made a clean score, but he was not en
tered in the pool. The scores made In
the twelve-bird shoot follow:
Fish 2 2222 2 2 1012 1—11
Hutton 0 10 0 0 2 2 1 2 2 1 1 — 8
Debenham 11202111202 2 — 10
Iverson 12120122102 0 — J>
Bonner 2 1121111122 1—12
Sylvester 112111x1x11 2—11
Donohoe ....2 1122112221 2 — 12
McConnell \.2 1111122212 2—12
Hoyt ; . 111101x01200—7
Plsani ..0 2 2 1 2 0 2 2 1 1 2 1 — 10
Burns 0 22x0112x21 1 — 8-
Walsh 1021x212111 1—10
Walpert 0 2 0 11 2 2 2 1 1 2 2 — 10
McCutcheon ; 2 111101212X 1—10
Hanson 2 20 22011212 1—10
Knick 1 211211212 1.2—12
Bemer ...1202 12x1102 1-0
G. L. Barham 2 1111212121 2—12
Cooper ....1 01122210022—9
Burnell 0 0000200201 2 — 4
Lewis 0x122000x20 0 — 4
C. M. Wollam 0 1122211202 — •
The final event was a six-bird pool shoot
in which high guns won. The money was
William Hanson 0 2 2 11 1—5
W. J. Iveraori 2 2 2 2 0 2—5
Edward Donohoe x 2 1 2 2 1 — 5
W. Murdoch 1 x 2 11 1—5
P.J.Walsh x 2 2 0 11 — *
A. Bonner 1 0 2 1 0 0 — S
F. Knick - 1 0 1 2.2 1 — 5
G. Sylvester 0 Z X 2 1 1—5
J. Burns .: 1,0 11 1 0—4
R. Cooper. 2 12 2 2 1—6
E. G. McConnell 0 1' 11 2 2—5
C. H. Blemer 0 1111 2—5
G. L. Barham..:.: 1 12 2 2 1— «
F. Waloert 2 lxll 0—4
SAILORS ENJOY
CHANNEL CRUISE
G. L. Barham, an expert shot and a
member of Chico Gun Club, shot as a
guest of the Union Gun Club. He suc
ceeded in grassing twenty-four birds
without a miss. C. H. Blemer of Sac
ramento Gun Club also took part in the
tournament as a guest and did some fine
shooting. The scores made in the first
event, a six-bird race, follow:
Harry Hoyt 1 1101 2— ft
C. W. Debenham ....1 1112 1 — 6
J. B. McCutcheon 1 2 1 12 1 — 0
J. A. D. Hutton 0 2 2 0 1 2—4
\V. O. Shreve 0 1 l'l 2 1—0
Thomas L. Lewis ...x 0 0 10 0 — 1
The tournament .consisted of three
events. The , first and third events were
six-bird races and high guns divided the
money. The second event was a twelve
bird race and the money was distributed
to three classes. In the 'twelve-bird race
Knick, Bonner, McCormell, Donohoe and
G. L. Barham made clean scores and di
vided first money; Fish and McCorinell
made eleven each and divided second
money; Sylvester, Plsani, Walsh, | Wal
pert, McCutcheon, Hanson and Wollam
divided third money.
unusually large number of gun
ners. Excellent sport was enjoyed and a
surprising number of high scores were
made. Many of the experts, such as Fred
and Otto Feudner, C. A. Haight and
Clarence Nauman, we're conspicuous by
their absence.
THE live bird tournament which
was held under the auspices of
the Union Gun Club at the Jngle
side traps yesterday attracted an
VIENNA, June 29.— The Paris-Vienna
automobile race was won by , Marcel-Re
nault. He* covered •: the . distance from
Paris to Vienna in 15 hours and 22 min
utes, an average speed of about 51. miles
an hour. Zoborowskr was ; second. Mau
rice Farmon third, Baras fourth, Edmond
fifth and' Hemery sixth. 4 Baron de For
est, who was seventh, was disqualified on
account of » an accident to his motor car
S.. F. Edge, an Englishman, - waa the
twentieth ' to' arrive. He - denies reports
circulated to the effect that he waa dis
qualified and cites as proof that he -was
declared winner of the James Gordon
Eennett cup. ... .
High Speed of an Automobile.
In doubles E. R. Armsby and Dally beat
G. N. Armsby and George Whlpple 6-1,
6-2, 6-4 ;- Dr. Noble and W. F. Bull beat -A.
Worthlngton and W. Kllnk 6-2.
The drawing for the State championship
singles tournament will be held Tuesday
night. ' The tournament committee an
nounced that it would be held at the Ho
tel Rafael, but this course has not met
with the approval of the majority of play
ers. The best players live in the city and
are anxious to be present when the names
are . drawn: * The drawing will probably
be protested unless held in this city. •
The final match between Fdley and Tou
chard brought out by far the best' play
In the class. Touchard started well, win
ning the first two sets easily. At this
point it seemed he would win in straight
sets, but Foley fought desperately and
pulled out the next two sets, making the
score two sets all. In the last set Tou
chard, who had eased up, braced and took
the final set easily.. The complete score
in favor of Touchard was 6-2, 6-3 5-7, 4-6.
6-2. This is the third tournament, and
each has developed a new winner.
-Several of the California Club cracks
practiced on the San Rafael courts yes
terday and some good matches resulted.
W. B. Collier and Hi W. Crowell furnished
the best match, in which the former won
by a small margin. The score was 8-6,
6-2, 4-6, 7-6. The winner also beat Harry
Haight, the score being 6-2, 6-0, 6-5.
Haight beat Frank Mitchell 6-3. Mitchell
beat Sidney Salisbury 6-4, 6-0. Percy Kahn
beat Gus Sutro 6-2. Haight beat Kahn 6-4 r
C-l. Kahn beat E. Well 6-3, and M. L41
enthal 6-4.- In the doubles Kahn and "Well
beat Lllenthal and Somers 6-4, 6-2.
Few of the cracks appeared upon the
California Club courts yesterday, but the
lesser lights furnished some exciting
matches. Walter McGavin showed great
improvement and beat Professor Dally In
straight sets. The score was 6-4, 4-1. H.
E. Punnett beat Charles Kuehn 6-2, 3-6
8-6; G. N. Armsby beat E. R. Armsby 6-1,
6-2, 6-1; A.,Melrose beat Dr. Noble 6-0,3-1,
and M. Cerf 6-1, 6-3.
The class singles tennis tournament
commenced on the park courts last Sun
day was completed yesterday. The only
remaining matches to be played were the
semi-finals and the final of the second
class. The four contestants were Foley,
Black, Griffln and Touchard. The latter
proved his superiority, winning his
matches In clever style. FWey beat Black
easily, the score being 6-1, 6-2. The match
between Griffln and Touchard was ex
ceedingly close and was pulled out by the
latter when he appeared to be hopelessly
beaten. Griffln won the first set 6-4, and
had a lead of 3-1 in the second when his
opponent braced and won out handily.
The score in Touchard's favor was 4-6.
6-4, 6-2. .
Wielders in the Second
Tournament.
Proves Cleverest of tho Backet
TOTJGHABD WINS TB0PHY
ON PARK TENNIS- COTTBT
FIRST GROUP.
I ~ Actual
• RIDER. I - Club. Riding
. ¦ • ¦ -^ I Time.
George Kroetz S. F. W. 20:05
W. Street O. W. 26:06
Earl Pfelfer C. C. C. 26:30
SECOND GROUP. .
Actual
RIDER. Club. Riding
. : . Time.
A. T. Smith O. "W. 22:52
N. B. Borree S. F. W. 22:54
F. McNulty C. C. C. 23:32
THIRD GROUP.
! Actual
RIDER. I Club, Riding
I ¦ : Time.
E. Warren C. C. C. 24:13 .
J. Cavanagh O. W. 25:58
G. Cushman S. F. W. 26:02 ,-.
FOURTH GROUP.
¦• '*¦• Actual "
RIDER. Club. Riding
- - ¦ .. ¦ ¦¦ .-- ' Time. ' •
E. Hearther. O. W. 22:15
E. P. Allen S. F. W. 23:09
W. Brown ,.. C. C. C. 23:56
FIFTH GROUP.
RIDER. Club. ' Riding
__^ Time.
W. Lane •¦ O. "W. 23:29
A.Carl -. a C. C. 23:33
C. Miller S. F. W. 24:11
SIXTH GROUP.
Actual
RIDER. Club. Rldlne
. ; Time.
E. A. Mitchell I C. C. C. I 23:40 2-6
A. L. Knox.. J S. F. W. I 23:40 3-5
D. Williamson | O. W. | 24:29
AR R. BH. SB. Pa A. E.
Doyle, If • 6 t .1 0 2 0 0
Casey. 2b 5 1 3 0 3 2 0
Eagan. lb 6 12 0 9 0 1
Sheehan, 3b ¦* 12 0 111
Unglaub, s* 4 1 3 1 3 20
Stricklett, p '. 4. 0 10 04 0
Hogan. c 4 0 1 1 43 1
Morrow, cf 4 0 0 0 1 1 .0
Wagner, rf 20 0 0 1.0 1
Cutter. rX 2 0 10 0 10
Totals 39 5 14 2 24 14 4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.*E.
Nordyke. lb 3 1 0 0 12 ' 1 .0
Parrott. If 4 1 2 0 2 0 1
Leahy, c 4 1 2 0 1 1 1
Shay, es .3 11 3 2 3 0
Shugart, 2b 3 0 0 10 0 0
McHale, If 30 1 0 4'0 0
Delmas, cf 4 1 1 OC 10
RelUy. 3b 32 10 12 0
Meredith, p .3 11 2 0. 2 0
Totals 30 8 9' 6 27 JO ~2.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 4 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— 5
Base hits 5 2 1 1 11 \ \ !_ 14
San Francisco 3 2 0 0 0 2 10 a— 8
Base hits 1 2 1 0 2. 3 0 0 x— 9
SUMMARY.
Three-base hits — Casey. •Rellly. Two-base
bits — Eagan, Leahy, Shay, Delmas. Sacrifice
hit — Shay. Flrtt base on errors — 8an Fran
cisco 2. First base on called balls— OfT Strick
lett 5. Left on bases — Sacramento 7, gan
Francisco 4. Struck out — By Stricklett 5, by
Meredith 2. Double plays — Delmas to Nordyke •*
Nordyke to Shay to Nordyke. • Time of game-'
1:50.'Umpire—O'Connell. v -
SACRAMENTO.
SACRA"MENTO, June 29.— It was the
same old tale again. Hopelessly out
classed in their outfield, the Senators
proved easy victims for the Ponies, who
won as they pleased by a score of 8 to 5.
Stricklett walked five men, but it waa
not his fault that the game waa lost.
Score: . : - "
Ponies and Lose, as Usual.
Struggle Hopelessly ; Against the
SENATORS ABE OUTCLASSED.
The members of the Olympic Athletic
Club and of the Reliance Athletic Club
Joined forces yesterday in a sixteen-mile
walk across country. Despite the heat
seventy-five men participated in the af
fair. The men took the road near Pied
mont and walked over the ridge to Mora
ga Valley. Luncheon and an impromptu
entertainment occupied several hours.
The return journey was made over the
same road. The Kellance men were so
well pleased with the outing that they
will hold a series of them. Later in the
year the clubs will have another Joint
outing. Captain George James headed
the Olympians, while Captain Elsie led
the Reliance men. •
Reilly. Time of game — 1 hour and 45 min
utes. Umpire — McDonald.
Athletes Tramp Across Country.
Second payment of $2 50 on greyhounds
entered, in the California Futurity must
be made to-morrow.'
Second round — Liberator beat Cloudburst,
C-l; Jingle Bells beat Little Sister, 5-4; Cas
cade beat Haphazard, 4-3; Fontenoy beat Sir
Pasha. 4-3.
Third round — Liberator beat Jingle Bells,
9-6; Fontenoy beat Cascade. 10-4.
Deciding course — Fontenoy beat Liberator,
10-4. .
Consolation stake, first round — Liberator beat
Sempronius, 12-7; Cloudburst beat Brutus, 12-8;
Little Sister beat Old Ironsides, 3-1 ; Jingle
Bells beat Real Aristocrat. 2-0; Haphazard teat
Lcyal Lad. 10-1; Cascade beat Yellow Tall,
5-1- Sir Pasha beat Mayflower, 6-0; Fontenoy
beat Fannie Hughie, 10-0.
Third round — Wedgewood beat Roman Ath
lete, 3-1: Santonin a bye; Narcissus beat Fair
Caks. 12-7; Ttalee Boy beat Full Moon, 7-2.
Fourth round — Narcissus Deat Wedgewood,
3-1 ; Tralee Boy beat Santonin. 5-0.
Deciding course — Narcissus beat Tralee Boy,
11-9.
Second round — Roman Athlete beat Ireland,
6-1; Wedgewood beat Roy Hughie. 5-2; Flying
Fox beat Regal Attire, 17-9; Narcissus beat
Silver Cloud. 3-0; Santonin beat Golden Garter,
3-0; Fair Oaks beat Rural Artist. 10-7; Full
Moon beat Vandal, 2-0; Tralee Boy beat Mose,
6-2. "
Special stake, first round— Pasha Kennels'
Roman Athlete beat P. Doyle's Liberator. 4-0;
E. Geary's Ireland beat Chiarini Brothers'
Sempronius, 9-4; E. Geary's Roy Hughie beat
J. Charlton's Cloudburst, 6-2; F. . Jones'
Wedgewood beat J. P, Thrift's Brutus, , 7-4;
Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire beat A. B. Cur
tis' Old Ironsides. 18-3; A. R. Curtis'. Flying
Fox beat George Shar man's Little Sister,. 5-0;
A. R. Curtis' Narcissus beat J. Dempsey'a Jin
gle Bells. 9-4; C.O. Peterson's Silver Cloud
beat -Pasha. Kennels' Real Aristocrat. 3-1; P.
M. Clarkson's Golden Garter beat C. O. Peter
son's Haphazard, 4-2; Chiarini Brothers' San
tonin beat J. L. Ross' Loyal Lad, 7-2; Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist beat J. Carroll's Cas
cade, 6-1; E. Geary's Fair Oaks beaj P. C.
Blick's Yellow Tail. 6-4; T. J. Cronin's Vandal
beat J. L. Ross' Mayflower, 7-1; T. J. Cronin's
Tralee Boy beat George Sharman's Sir Pasha,
8-6; C. O Peterson's Full Moon beat E. -Geary's
Fannie Hughie, 7-2; Tosemlte Kennels' Mose
beat J L Ross' Fontenoy. 4-3.
Third round — Menlo Prince beat Prompto,
15-12; Matters Much beat Miss Brummel, 10-4;
Glaucus beat Motto, 7-5; Tom Hurlick beat
Gold Hill, ll'-2; Belle Free beat Pure Pearl,
C-:»; Charming Thought beat White Hat, 3-2.
Fourth round — Matters Much beat Menlo
Prince, 4-2; Tom Hurlick beat Glaucus, 2-0;
Belle Free beat Charming Thought, 5-2.
Fifth round — Matters Much beat Tom Hur
lick, 4-0; Belle Free, a bye.
Deciding course — Matters Much beat Belle
Free.
Class reserve stake, second round — J. Regan's
Menlo Prince beat A.R. Curtis' Miranda 8-7;
P. M. Clarkson's Prompto beat J. Shea's
Shadow, 22-S; Aeneid Kennels' Matters Much,
a bye; P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel beat
E. Thuener's Black Cloud. 21-10; F. . A. Mc-
Comb's Motto beat M. C. . Delano's Consort,
<i-2; J. F. Rogers' Glaucus beat P. J. Horgan's
Peerless, 12-0; \V. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick
beat A. R. Curtis' Orlando, 8-ti; J. Seggerson's
Gold Hill beat C. O. . Peterson's Lady Xelhe.
10-4; A. McLeod's Pure Peart beat J. Regan'b
Flora Belle. S-l: W. Raughfs Belle Free beat
T. Maher*s Piker. 12-8; Chiarini Bros.' White
Hat beat J. Hurley's Sugar Cane, 10-14; J.
Charlton's Charming Thought beat J. J.. Ed
n-onds' Morning Glory. 14-7.
The Sacramento puppy, Belle Free, was
the runner-up. The splendid showing
made by the Fetter Free youngster in
Saturday's' going Installed her an easy
favorite. . In the deciding course her back
eis gave freely 2 to 1 that their choice
would outpoint her opponent, despite the
fact that Matters Much had shown phe
nomenal speea over every nound she had
met.
The deciding course was a true test and
from a spectator's point of view was a
sensational atfair. Matters Much took the
same advantage of the favorite . as she
had of her otner victims and led Bella
Free a good three lengths. The hare tool<
the two youngsers over the field and beat'
them to the escape. When the flag was
raised Matters Much was on the long end
of a 16 to 7 score. •
The victory adds to the credit of Fine
Fire as a sire, giving to his three living
get stake honors whi.e --et in the puppy
class. Matters Much and Belle Free are
candidates in the rich Futurity stake.
A. R. Curtis' campaigner, Narcissus,
won the special stake, with Tralee Boy
as runner-up. Narcissus was piaced on
the short end by the talent and . this in
the lace of his Known winning propensi
ties when in a final. Tralee Boy led, but
was outworked. • - - ¦ ¦
Fontenoy beat Liberator In the conso
lation stake. . " " '
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Matters Much, the. Aeneid Kennels 1 fast
greyhound puppy, captured first honors in
the class reserve stake yesterday at Union
Park after making a sensational showing
against a fleld of seasoned coursers.
Narcissus Outpoints Tralee
Boy in the Special
Stake. '
Wins the Class Reserve
Final at Union
Park.
MATTERS MUCH
A FAST HOUND
TOW MORE GAMES
FOR THE ANGELS
Morley's Stars Outclass
Cal'Ewing's Nine
Wonders.
Hanlon Makes Sensational
Steal From Third to the
Plate. •
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Played. Won. Lost. Pet.
Oakland «« 44 22 .607
San Francisco ... 05 36 2* -55»
Los Ansrlts t5U 30 'M .£•!>
Sacramento *>3 14 .49 .—
Reilly's clean-shaven front Is keeping
up its reputation as a good luck steeret.
It made the Angels run according to the
wise dope on Saturday, and yesterday it
cfiused the Oakland whirlwinds to do the
honors as rear guard to the southerners
in both little arguments. Tbe score In the
morning game at Oakland was 10 iO 2,
and at Recreation Park i to 0.
Reilly thinks all the credit is due to the
crop of hair he has concealed in a bottle
somewhere, but the fans say it is all up
10 the swell way of playing the game
which the Angels have lately become
jerry to. They simply played the leaders
to a standstill, and always won out when
Oakland was standing still. If the
champs once got a heavy start Morley's
punchers wouid not have a chance.
Oscar Jones and the noble Byron Hart
well have rightfully landed all the glory,
honor and credit, and should be handed
& raise in salary. Both of these unas
suming youths of the south pasted out
the elusive horsehide in a manner which
made the leaders' batting averages look
like Chinese money in tiie Unitetl States
mint. Oakland was always guessing, and
the longer they guessed the more they
had coming.
Recreation Park resounded with the
hearty cheer and noisy kick of nearly
10,000 wild and rabid luns, who taid un
kind things to the umpire because they
liad no one else at whom to kick. The
game seemed to hold their interest to a
certain degree, but whenever it became
at ail elow the sun gods and their more
exclusive brethren who held down the
« hair6 in the stand would begin to say a
lew things to the ruler of the field.
It was a brilliant game of ball, but the
result was never in doubt. If belonged
to Los Angeles from the fourth on, and
although they did not have a big lead the
Oaklandcrs could not connect wxth Jones'
curves in enough bunches to bring in
runs. Cristall for the first time since his
appearance was hit hard and often, and
but for the magnificent support he re
ceived the Angels would have bummered
in about a dozen tallies.
Ail the runs were the result of timely
hitting until the ninth inning was
reached. Then the sunbeamers resorted
to strategy, und it worked in admirable
style. Bill Hanlon was the main strate
gist. In the ninth, when he was on third
and two gone, he made one wild dash for
the plate. It unnerved Cristall to such
an extent that he threw wide. Hanlon
scored amid the frantic cheering of the
delighted populace.
Oakland tried time and again to get a
man over the jumps, but all Its efforts
met with the same result. Xo one could
hit Jones safely to any damaging extent j
and the Angel players refused to make
ajiy errors. As a. result the suburban
¦wonders were blanked for the second
time this week.
OAKLAND,
The real exciting bit of play came to
Phfs in the Angel portion of the fifth.
iianlon v,as running from second on a
single by Lawler, and Lohman received
Gorton's throw just before Hanlon ar
rived. It was a trifle wide, but Lohman
reached over and apparently touched the
runner. McDonald called Hanlon safe. A
great uproar prevailed for a few minutes,
the crowd all yelling for Oakland. Pro
tests were in vain and the run was al
lowed. Lohman had his hand badly cut
by Hanlon's spikes and was forced to re
tire In favor of Gorton, Schmidt going to
center field. Roach was also injured in
the eighth and Anderson took his place.
The score:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohier, 2b 4 0 0 0 7 6 2
Lohman. c 1 0 0 0 1 0 0
Streib. lb 4 0 2 0 11 1 0
McCreedie. r. f 4 O 1 01 0 O
r>evcreaux, 3b 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 4 0 1 O 1 0 0
Francks, es 3 0 0 0 4 7 1
Gorton, c. & c. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Cri«tall. p 3 0 2 0 13 0
Echtnldt. c. f........ 2 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals 30 0 6 0 27 17 ~3
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss 0 0 2 2 3 3 0
Lawler, r. f ;.... 8 0 1 1 3 0 0
Jackson, L( 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Householder, c. f.... 4 1 3 0 1 0 0
Rellly. 3b 4 0 2 0 3 1 0
Raymer. 2b 4 0 10 0 2 1)
Roach, c 3 0 0 0 3 1*0
Hanlon. lb 4 2 2 3 12 0 O
Jones, p.... 3 0 1 0 O 2 0
Anderson, c 0 10 1 0 0 0
Totals .....30 4 12 7 27 9 ~1
RUNS AN'D HITS BY IXNIXGS.
Los Ang-eles 0 0 0 1-10 0 0 2 — 4
Base bits 1 10 3 2 2 2 0 1 — 12
Oakland 0 00 0 O 0 0 O 0 — O
Base hit* 1 0 0 11111 0 — 0
SUMMARY,
Two-base hit* — Rellly, Hanlon. Sacrifice hit
— Devereaux. First base- on errors— Oakland 1.
Los Anceles 2. First tk.se on . called . balls —
Oft' Cristall 1. eff Jones 1. Left on bases —
Oakland 5, Los Angeles 7. Struck out — By
Cristall 1. by Jones 3. Hit by pitcher—Loh
man. Double ¦ slays — Francks to Mohier to
Etrelb; Mohier to Francks to Strelb (2); Roach
to Rellly: Hanlon. (unassisted); Mohier to
Strelb. Time of srarr.e — 2 hours. Umpire — Mc-
Donald. ' ! '
MORNING GAJffE. ..
The morning struggle at Oakland looked
like the genuine stuff until j the sixth
round, when the pride of Oakland began
to ignore, Hodson's splendid i box work
and make errors of the costly variety.
The >.n(tls took advantage of the chance
end gotMnto ' the score for ten runs be
fore the fusillade" ended.* — —
OAKLAND,
Hartwell pitched grand ball and had
Peter's twinklers in the underbrush- all
tbe time. Householder repaired his lopg
lost batting' optic and got all on the cal
endar—a single, a double, a triple and a
home run; McCreedie hit one over
Householder's head in the fourth, making
a home run T>y a fine show of fast foot
work. The score: .• •.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Mohier. 2b 4 o 0 0 4 2 0
Lohman. c ' 4 11 ..0. 6 ' 2 0
Strelb, lb 4 0 0 0 6 0 1
McCreedie, r. f 3 1 2 O'lO 0
IJevereaux, 3b 4» fl, 0 . 0 0 0 3
Dunleavy, I. f 3 0. 0 0 6 0 1
Francks, 6s 3 <J 0 0 2-2 1
Oorton, c. I: 3 ,. 0 O\ .1 -2 0 1
Hodson, p.... 3 0 0*0*0 3 0
Totals .. ?M* 2 J 1 R 1 1
LOS AICGELE8.
AH. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, t» fi ,1 1 u 4 5 0
Lawltr. r. f I 4 .. 2 . l_.0_. 1 0 . 0
JackEon. \.~t 5 3 10 4 0 0
Householder, c f. ... 5 24 01 o'o
Rcilly. 3b 4 1 10 2 11
Rsymcr. 2b...-, 4 110 12 0
Anderson, c ,-....': 4 ; »'¦ 0; 0 "4 ' o- 0
Hanlon. lb 3'0 0 O 10 0 0
Hartwell, ri ...4 0 1 00 1 0
Totals ........38 10 JO 0 27 9 1
ItUXS AND HITS BY IXNINGS,
Los Angeles 2 0 0 0 0 2 0 4 2 10
Base hits 1 0 110 2 12 *2 10
OtkUmd 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 2
Bane hits 2 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—3
SUMMARY.
Home runs — Householder. McCreedie . Three
base hits— Jackson. Householder. Two-has-
Bits— McCreedie, Householder, . Raymer To
man. First base on errors — Oakland 1 Lou
Angeles 4. First b*«3 on called balls— Off
Hodeon V., off Hartwell 1. Left on bases--
Oakland 3, Lo* Aneelf-s 4. Struck out— By
UoCboh 5. by Hartwell 3. Hit by pitcher—
MANY PIGEONS ARE CLEVERLY GRASSED
BY EXPERT GUNMEN AT INGLESIOE TRAPS
Clean Scores Are Made by Five Men in the Twelve-Bird Race at Union
Gun Club Shoot, While Unusually High; Scores Prevail Throughout All
the Events on the Card—Members of Out-of-Town Clubs Do Good Work
NEW MAN SCORES
FINE BULLSEYE
Von Husen Makes Fifty
on Regular Ring
. Target.
Weather at Shell Mound Is
Favorable for Good
Shooting.
John von Husen of the- San Francisco
Schuetzen Xjereln made the best bulls-"
eye of the year yesterday at Shell Mound
rifle range. The marksman has Just
joined the club, and his score of 50 on'
the regular ring target came as a pleas-*
ant surprise.
A. H. Pape, in the monthly medal shoot:
of Company C, First Infantry, National
Guard/of California, made three succes
sive perfect stores on the man target at
200 yards. This feat • is also something
out of the ordinary. The weather was
the best of the season and the scores in
.general were extremely good.
The other organizations represented
were companies A. E, G and H First In-'
fantry. National Guard of California, and
the Germania Schuetzen Club. The day's
scores follow:
San Franciaco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
bullseye shoot — J. von Husen 50, F. Koch 323.
D. B. Faktor 334. John Utschlff 347, Loui» Ben
del 380, T. Brandt 436. E>. Salfleld 437, F. P.
Schuster 446. Aueust Jungblut 483. J. C. Wal
ler 483. F. Gocss 495. H. Zecher 499. Andrew
Mocker 602. K. Stettin 668. John de "Wit 695..
S. Heino 623. J. Gefken 683. August Fape 879.
H. Lillcendey 947, N. Ahrena 973.
Company C, First Infantry, National Guari
of California, monthly medal shoot — Corporal ,
C. Maasberar 30, F. Luisse 35, R. Powers 23,
A. EhrenDford 38. T. M. Feutrsn 33. O. H.
Seyden 45. F. Stolzenwald 37, C. J. Carroll 20,
C. Dohrmann 29. L. Tavares 25, E. W. Rld
dell 30. H. Deituch 25, H. Levy 20, Charles -
Riddell 33. ¦ • "
Company A. First Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — Captaia
George T. Balllnser 34, Sergeant W. Kay» 24,
Corporal W. Brown 43, Thomas. Lund 25, J.
Mllsner 21, J. Tomsky 16. H. Ford 41, C.
Laufter 43. W. Herbat 28. F. Delamater 17.
"W. Deasy 9. O. Welk 47. M. Grovera 13, J. J. ;
Hardie 35. W. Williams 27. J. J. Hubbert 13.
Company E, First Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — Sergeant
E. Finneean 30, Sergeant J. Murphy 35, Corpo
ral J. H. Jordan 42, W. Cormack 21. S. Brown
21, N. Marlowe 34, T. Dwyer 25, T. Graham
22, Corporal Tully 36, Corporal O'Reilley 33.
H. "Wyckoff 36. Corporal Bulsoff 31. G. Beck ;
23, L. R. Stodolskl 31. Sergeant Brady 42, Ser
geant Freer 41. H. Housebrouck 36. J.
Dower 39.
Company G, Frist Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — Captain
William Wall 45. Lieutenant F. Neubert 39.
Lieutenant- L. Graham 34. Sergeant E. Noyes
30. Quartermaster Sergeant E. C. Stroth 41,
Sergeant W. Phillips 31, Sergeant F. Owens 30.
Corporal Albert Ames -34. Corporal H. Stead
man 37. Corporal Arthur Sutherland 35, James
Dolan 47. Edward Dolan 20. H. Spllman 39,
William TuRgy 39. Edward Nickel 20. J. Car- .
berry 35, M. J. Lyons 44. Leon Ayhens 30,
JohnSehath 26, TX Weir 20. Edward Johnson
22. E. Duffy 32. W. Spilman 31.
Company H. First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly ¦ medal shoot — Captain
Costello 43. Quartermaster Sergeant Mullaly 38, ¦
Sergeant Forbes 30, Sergeant Swift 35. Cor
poral Robrecht 24. Musician GuerRW 36, J.
Alves 10, H. Caasius 15. G. Relmer 19. H.
Smith 10. J. Smith 13. C. Sollstoh 20. J. Stolr©
31. J. Kelley 30. C. Peckham.30, J. Mengel 25.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseys
shoot— F. Brandt 202, F. E. Mason 324, J. Gef
ken 423, N. Ahrens 470. G. H. Bahrs 472, 9.
Heino 638. O. Bremer 682. X>. E. Faktor 737. .
Trophy shoot — F. E. Mason 225. A. Gehret 223,
D. B. Faktor 221. John Utschlg 221. F. P.
Schuster 220, O. Bremer 209. Competition for
cash prizes — F. E. Mason 72. T>. B. Faktor 72.
F..P. Schuster 71. A. Gehret 71. D. Salfleld 71,
Louis Bendel 71, A. Jungblut 69.
Peachmark, the Famous Setter, Dies.
Sportsmen will learn with deep regret
of the death" of Peachmark. the pride of
W. "W. Van Arsdale's splendid kennel of
English setters and the greatest of tho
breed on -this coast. "Peachy," as she
was known to her familiars, won the all
age stake in the Pacific Coast field trials
three times. Her progeny are also dis
tinguishing themselves on the field. Ot
these Lady was first in the derby in 1301
and second in the all-age stake the same
year. Peach Blossom was second in the
derby to Lady and won the all-age from
the latter. Peachmark was of most aris
tocratic bearing and was a picture, when
in the field, to delight either artist or
layman.
YACHTING, CYCLING, COURSING, SHOOTING, BASEBALL, TENNIS AND OTHER SPORTS AFIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- MONDAY. eJUN*E 30, 1902.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ; ; : ~%
Good enough
for anybody!
Havana Filucr
" FLORODORA " BANDS erw
ef same value as tags from
"STAR," "HORSESHOE."
*SPEARHEAD.""STANDARD NA VT.'*
' •• OLD PEACH & HONEY,"
•• SA WLOCr " OLE VARClNr": £
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
BADWAY'S READY- RELIEF has stood
unrivated before the public for 50 years as «
Pain Remedy. It. Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
{or Malaria and all Bowel Palis. All dru^slau.: A Leeds', policeman has.hadva picture
accepted", by the ; Royal v Academy.
INDIANAPOLIS, June , 29. ' — William
Betterman, a prominent business man of
this city, died to-day at Sacramento^ Cal.
He was one of the best known florists in
the country and one of the most active
members of the National Carnation So
ciety.
William Betterman.
Woman Found Dead in Bed.
. OAKLAND, June^ 29.— Elizabeth Hayes,
37 years old, the wife of Frank Hayes, a
peddler, was found dead this morning in
bed at their .residence, -2306- San' Pablo
avenue/ The .woman had been complain
ing of pains In her head. The-Goronei
took charge of the case. . ¦ .;
JAMESTOWN, June 29.— Nathan Smith,
colored, while working on a prospect on
Preston Hill, was killed by being caved
on some time during yesterday. He. did
not return at dark, and a search was in
stituted. His body was found under
twenty tons of debris. •
Falling Earth Crushes Miners.
. OAKLAND, June 29.— The body of a
man,', apparently, about 65 ~ years of age,
was • found .this ;*mornirig r floating in San
Leahdro Bay at ¦ Landing. - The
remains were taken to the branch morgue
at San Leandro'ttf be held for 1 identifica
tion. : < Deceased ...was ¦-. 5 '.feet* 6 inches- tall
and wore a gray beard and mustache, ¦.
Man's Body Found in Bay.
.OAKLAND, June 29.— Steam andElec
tricaKEngineers' Union Local No. 67-' has
elected the following officers:- P. J.vWha
len, president; t C. U. Morton, . vice ; presi
dent; George E. i Manes, recording secre
tary : J. '• McEwen, I financial secretary; ¦ A.
Gallagher, treasurer; Victor Land,- guard;
P.' J. Williams,: conductor: Joseph Ray
craft, C. W. Morton and P. J. Williams,
trustees.. .'¦¦¦,, : '" r .~. '• . "' .'" "¦.'. ¦ ..'V
Engineers Elect Officers.
LOS ANGELES, June . 29.— Durinff a
general fight. In which four or five Mexi
cans participated at midnight last night,
Steven Rodrlgue* wan stabbed and prob
ably fatally wounded by another of tho
combatants, whose name is unknown.
The wound is near the heart. He may
recover.
Mexican.' Receives Knife Stab.
Delinquent Tax Sale.
. BERKELEY, June 29.— The auction sale
of the property of 'about - 300 delinquent
taxpayers will '.begin at 10 o'clock .to
morrow morning in, the office of the Town
Treasurer." The taxes remaining unpaid
for which the - property is to be sold
amount to $1530, representing a .property
valuation of about J105.000.' The number
of delinquents last year was only, about
200. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦'¦ ¦ .¦¦' ¦•• - : "?-'"•¦•:" ••¦ -. •¦•••
TACOMA. Wash., June 29.— The North
ern Pacific liner Tacoma, Captain Dlxon,
arrived to-day from Japan and China
after an uneventful Voyage. She brought
a full cargo from the Orient, chiefly tea,
of which she has about 9000 . packages
from Amoy, Shanghai and Japan,', being
thn largest tea consignment brought
across this year. She also has e. consign
ment of matting and raw silk and gunny
aacks. Her total cargo. numberB 11,192
packages, and is consigned, to the princi
pal cities of the United States.
Immense Tea Cargo Arrives.
OAKLAND, June 29.— The Fourth ol
July ¦ celebration committee requests all
authors of poems sent in competition for
a choice to give consent that their verses
shall be published in a souvenir pamphlet
to be distributed on the Fourth. The lit
erary committee has no Way of ascertain
ing : the authors, as the names are - in
sealed envelopes not yet opened. So meri
torious are the contributions that a deci
sion as to the best one has not yet been
reached. Authors should communicate by
Wednesday morning with Wilbur Walker,
Merchants' Exchange, Oakland. B»
Want Consent to Publish Poems.
Without .'seeing the; Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without
seeing Paris. It is, a leading feature of
Ban Francisco. It Is a marvel of beauty
and elegance and . is unquestionably, tha
most magnificent Jewelry emporium in
the world— the splendid conception of a
master mind, a controlling genius. Artis
tic taste and skill ; challenge* .competition
here. To be appreciated it must be seen t
Every visitor and resident should go and
examine the » marvels of genius . at 221
Montgomery street.' A. ; Andrews., proprie
tor. •¦¦ ¦¦ •¦¦ "-- ; ' - '¦ ' ' ¦•¦¦
To Visit San Francisco
ST. PETERSBURG. June 29. — Captain
Krivetsky has been sentenced to impris
onment for_ two years and six months by
a court-martial which was held at Pol
tava for having accepted bribes to free
recruits from military service. Six" of
the captain's accomplices have been sen
tenced to three years' imprisonment and
six others have been 'given various terms
of penal servitude. - < £-/
Captain Krivetsky Sentenced.
CHICAGO, June . 29.— The threatened
strike of the Chicago Job printers has
been averted by the Chicago Typothetae,
the employers' association' acceding to
the demands of the men. Beginning next
Tuesday, all union printers employed in
the book and Job printing offices in Chi
cago will receive a" material advance in
wages.
Threatened Strike Averted.
HAVANA, June 29.— A meeting Of the
negro. element in Havana, at which Juan
Gualberto Gomez presided, was held here
to-day. It was declared that this meet
ing represented all the negro organiza
tions in Cuba, Speeches" were made de
nouncing exclusion of the negroes from
the Havana police force and demanding
equal rights with the whites in all mat
ters.
Havana Negroes Want to Wear Stars.
'RICHMOND. June 29.— The Southerr
Pacific Company's line that is to tap the
potrero'of San Pablo has been practical
ly located. The surveyors have been at
work all week, and the lino has been rut:
through the pass to the oil works. From
there it will run around the point and
back to the Southern Pacific's main line,
making a loop around the potrero.
The people of Richmond are wondering
whether the Southern Pacific Company i:
contemplating the moving of the wheat
business of Port Costa to this place, an<]
they are. watching the developments verj
closely.
Richmond* Thinks That Port Costa
Wheat Business Is Coming
Its Way.
/The night of the shooting_George Lamb,
the aged uncle of the. man" who met his
death at Middleton's hands, swore venge
nnce . on his nephew's slayer. The old
man, who is past 70 years, was crazed by
the affair and has since raved. in a seml
delirious manner; constantly trying to get
away, to carry out his threats. -The crime
has so preyed upon Lamb's mind that his
relatives are compelled to guard him, lest
he break away from his home and cause
trouble. Lamb lives' with his sister/Mrs
M. Yeakey, mother of the victim of the
midnight affair of two weeks ago. .
REDDING, June 29.— There may be an
other, chapter to thestory of the killing
of John Yeakey by William Mlddletoii. -
to Kill Slayer of His
Nephew.
Aged George Lamb of Redding Wants
UNCLE OF YEAKEY ".''
THREATENS VENGEANCE
Commissioner Meyer of the State 'Labor
Bureau recently notified the managers of
the Emporium that all or their | help un
der 18 years of age must hot work over
fifty-four hours a . week. Commissioner
Meyer received a communication from the
management of the Emporium yesterday
stating that in the future not only the
employes under 18 years,- but all the help
would work less . than fifty-four hours.
Under the new rules the Emporium -will
open at 8:30 daily and on. Saturdays the
store will close at 10 p. m., instead of
10:30 p. m. - . •
Emporium Shortens Hours.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S
LINE BEING LOCATED
KAMLOOPS, E. C. June 29.— About
midnight last night fire broke out in the
J. A. Maras store, next door to the Cos
mopolitan Hotel. When the alarm was
ttirned in the whole of the Maras build
ing was ablaze and was quickly setting
fire to the Cosmopolitan Hotel.' The esti
mated loss is" about $SO00. A guest of the
Cosmopolitan Hotel named .William Bar
low, a young Englishman, lost his life in
the fire. It is believed the fire was In
cendiary.
Hotel Guest Dies in Fire.
CHICAGO. June 29. — Chicago and Detroit
tried to play a double-header to-day, but rain
Interfered after the first game. Attendance,
TOGO. Scor,: £ H E
Chicago .' * 10 2
Detroit 2 6 1
Batteries — Callahan and McFarland; Mullln
and Buelow. .
CINCINNATI. June 20. — Leever succeeded In
shutting the Cincinnati out to-day. Attend
ance, 3500. Score:
K. H. E.
Cincinnati ....0 6 ; 1
Pittsburg G 7 0
Batteries — Thielman and Pletz;- Leever and
Smith.
ST. LOUIS. June 29.— Both St : Louls-Chl
cago, National League, and St. LouIs-CIeve
lanrt, American League, games were postponed
to-day on account of the rain.
Pittsburg Shuts Out Cincinnati.
/The first practical work by the recently
organized corps of. engineers, a volunteer
organization acting with the National
Guard, will be performed in Napa in a
time. Last Saturday Captain DIs
borough, commanding that organization,
issued an . order • detailing Lieutenant
Cruikshank and sixteen men to proceed to
the site near Napa City that. has been se
lected for the' camp for the /First Regi
ment of infantry and lay out the camp.
It will be the first time that a' camp of
the National Guard has been laid out by
an organized corps of engineers.
First Regiment Camp.
OAKLAND, June 29.— The final shoot oi
the Elks' Gun Club for the loving-cur
offered by Jack Matthews took place this
morning at the grounds on Alameds
Point, frhe cup was offered for a shooi
to extend over several months, and at th<
conclusion- of the general contest it was
found that W. ' W. Landon and State Sen
ator F. W." Leavitt were tied, with a scon
of SO out of 100 birds.
It was agreed that the tie should b<
shot off to-day, each to try twenty-flv«
birds. - In this contest Landon def eatec
Leavitt by breaking sixteen .' birds tc
Leavitt's fourteen. Leavitt had the bet
ter of the contest' until the last, whei
Landon broke ten straight.
Tied With Senator Leavitt in a Spe
cial Contest, He Wins by
'¦'j7'i .;" Two Birds.
LANDON . WINS ; ELKS'
CUP FOR ROCK SHOOTING
DENVER, Colo., June 29.— The drought;
which threatened to do the most serious
damage In Colorado which the State has
known for years, has been broken by a
rain as general in extent as it was co
pious in quantity. Though the storm was
in places accompanied by hail which did
much damage, this loss is but a drop in
the bucket in comparison with the value
cf the crops that have been saved by
the rain. Snow feli^to a depth, of eight
inches in Leadville and many other places
in the mountains.
Dry Spell in Colorado Is Broken.
PJLWTUCKET. B. I., June 29.— Street
cars Trcre stoned and obstructed by eym
rathizers of the striking conductors and
motormen in this city and Central Falls
to-day. Twr> Btnset railway men were
hurt by tnisRllcs. After running ten cars
during the day the traction company took
fill eff at dusk. /
Strike Sympathizers Stone Cars.
This evening at S o'clock at the First
M. E. Church, Powell street, near Wash
ington, Bishop Hamilton will address the
Men's League , in . the interests j of local
'Methodism. Several - laymen also • will
speak briefly, as the most important fea
ture of the evening will be the inaugural
work of the l'tw society called the . Men's
League of the Methodist Churches of San
Francisco. It will be an aggressive and
progressive oi ganlzation along social and
church cxttp&ion: lines. All men interest
ed are ihvitto to be present, Including
those in sympathy with this work wheth
er members of Methodist churches or not.
Address by Bishop Hamilton.
Henceforth police officers doing street
duty must walk their beats instead of
hopping on and off street cars. The new
order as issued by Chief Wittman does
not find favor in the eyes of the men, aa
they claim it gives evil doers an opportu
nity to spot their movements.
Patrolmen Must Walk Beats.
LOS ANGELES, June 29. — Burglars
entered the house at 1507 Maple avenue,
which had just been vacated by the family
of J. W. Putnam, and made the richest
haul that housebreakers have made In this
city for several weeks. Putnam was pre
paring to move to San. Francisco and had
sold most of his furniture. The most
valuable portion of .his property had been
packed in trunks and left in the house
while he secured rooms for the night In
a neighboring residence. The burglars,
breaking open the trunks, stole clothing
and jewelry to the value of nearly $500.
Burglars Loot the Trunks.
V NEW YORK, June 29.— The Holland-
American line steamer Potsdam, which
arrived here to-day from Rotterdam and
Boulogne, brought to port Captain M. A.
Jveilson and ten men of the crew of the
Norwegian bark Bishop Brun, who were
reecued from their vessel, which was
abandoned in a water-logged condition
and on fire on June 25 in latitude 43 SS de
grees norsh, longitude" « <S degrees west.
Brings Shipwrecked Crew to Port.
Cyril Martin, a stableman, got into a
dispute with a friend in front of J. C.
O'Connor's saloon at Twenty-second and
Mission streets last night, and Martin's
friend stabbed him in the arm. Martin
was attended to at the City and County
Hospital by Dr. Mackelroy. The polica
are looking for Martin's assailant.
Stabbed in an Altercation.
OAKLAND, June 29.-Mistaking Shell
Mound Park for the Golden Gate base
ball grounds' nearly cost Edward Nell,
aged 17 years, his life to-day. As it was
he lost half his left foot, which was i
crushed by the wheels of the Berkeley
local train. Nell- resides at 51% Tehama
street; San Francisco. He left the city
•with a valise and baseball bat this noon,
intending to go to Golden Gate to play
ball. • As the train neared Shell Mound
Nell thought it was his destination and
went out on the car platform. He lost
his balance, and fell off the rapidly mov
ing train and barely escaped being thrown ]
under the coach. His left foot did now
mis& the car wheels and was so badly
injured that partial amputation of the
memter was necessary. The Injured
youth was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital, where the operation was performed
by Dr. R. T. Stratton. j
Of^the Berkeley Local at
x Shell Mound. "i:f -r
Youth Loses His Balance and Slips
VIRGINIA CITY, New, June 29.— A fire
tc-day destroyed Virginia and Truckee
tunnel No. 2, between Gold Hill and Vir
ginia. The blaze was caused by sparks
from a train. In a short time the whole
length of the tunnel (600 feet) was a roar
ing furnace, and in three hours the in
terior was ruined. Clouds of 'smoke rose
to a great height, and the spectacle was
puch as might have been caused by a
volcano. The loss is over $75,000. Reno
carnival traffic Is Impaired. ' . v
Smoke Rises as if From a Volcano
and Great Damage Is
Done.
FAST FIRE DESTROYS
TUNNEL IN NEVADA
¦*-^ ERKELEY, June 29.— The mem-
bers of the Young . Woman's
Christian Association of the Uni-
K JJ verslty of California, together
with the wives of a number of
the college professors, have made elabor
ate preparations to entertain the wom
en of the university summer! school at a
reception to be given at Stiles Hall to
morrow evening. The idea of introducing
the social side of college life into the sum
mer session was first suggested at the
recent Y. W. C. A. convention, and this
is the first time that any such effort has
been made during the annual vacation
school.
The musical programme will consist of
several vocal selections by Mrs. J. M.
Brings Crew of Eliza.
The steamer Curacao, from Mexican
jiorts, reached this city last night. On
Board were j Captain Brammer and the
rest of the crew of the- schooner Eliza
Miller, which was wrecked on a reef on
the northern bar at Altata, Mexico, on
the night of June 13. Captain Brammer
i and his men took to their boats as soon
! as the schooner struck and succeeded in
: reaching Altata after rowing about twen
j ty-flve miles. The Eliza Miller left this
¦ port on May 28 with a cargo valued at
$15,464 and consisting chiefly of dynamite.
i She was bound for Mexican ports. The
I vessel will be a complete loss, as no at
: tempt can be made to float her because
j of the highly explosive cargo with which
she is laden. She was owned by J. Chris
tiansen. - ' T
FALLS FROM A TBAIN
AND LOSES A FOOT
The voting contest for the most popular
lady to represent the Goddess of Liberty
on the Fourth closed last night. Sixty
five thousand votes were cast, and Miss
Jennette Grieg was declared the winner.
Miss Grelg is the daughter of William
Grelg of Mare Island.
VALLEJO, June 29.— The drill contest
held here last evening by many lodges of
Maccabees was witnessed by a crowd of
delighted spectators. The prizes were two
silk banners donated by State Commander
Hall. The result of the competition was
as folJows: Vallejo Lodge first, Napa
Lodge second, Benicia Lodge third and
Santa Rosa Lodge fourth.
Vallejo Lodge Wins Honors.
MANILA. June 29.— Brigadier General
Jacob H. Emith, formerly in com
mand cf the American forces In the isl
and of Samar. v/ho was recently tried by
court-martial on charges prejudicial t3
good order and discipline, left here to
cay for Ban Francisco on the United
States army transport Thomas. A large
cumber of persons assembled to bid him
farewell. All the newspapers of Manila
have printed eulogies of General Smith,
and even the Filipino papers say that the
most cruel methods of ending a war are,
in the long run, the wisest and most hu
mane. The Twenty-fourth Infantrv also
called on the Thomas.
General Smith Sails From Manila.
New Century Club No. 513, Companions
of the Forest of America, gave Its first
annual picnic at Buena Vista Park, Saus
alito, yesterday. There was a large and
merry attendance and dancing to the
strains of a very admirable band was
kept up the whole afternoon and well
Into the evening.
The arrangement committee consisted
of Mrs. A. Drendell, chairman: Mrs. H.
L. Lemme, secretary; Mrs. S. Beversen,
treasurer; E. Garabaldi,- auctioneer; Mrs.
E. H. Zeising, floor dlrectqr; Gua Lillie.
assistant floor director, and Mrs. M. E..
Wilkins, Dr. William A. Hansen .and
Charles J. Abraham, floor committee.
New Century "Club's Outing.
D. T. Day, a member of the United
States Geographical Survey, Is at the Oc
cidental, accompanied by his wife. *
I' Captain Burnham, manager of the
American and Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany. is at the .Palace.
PERSONAL.
J. C. Bull, a banker of Eureka, is at the
Lick.
Judge T. B. Bond of Lakeport is 1 at th«j
Grand.. j "':¦¦? "' >- : " <-.-:.. ¦¦- <-¦'; ,
• Dr. T. R. Heintz of Salt Lake is at the
Palace.. "
;H. T. Power, a. mining man of, Auburn,,
is at the Grand. . , . . . ..; :-. -'-.
•'W. D. Tupper, an attorney of Fresno,
is at the California. •
. W. H. McClintock,. a mining man of
Sonora, is registered at the Lick.
According to Mrs. Cator,. he. was In
Oakland a few weeks ago, and, represent
ing that he owned a rich mine in Lassen
Ccunty, succeeded in obtaining from her
$2000 for an interest. She says he got
$1500. from two men in Oakland. Before
Montgomery left Oakland, according to
Mrs. Cator's story, the two men from
whom he had obtained the $1500 made him
pay the money back, they using revolvers
to emphasize their demand. Sirs. Cator
has now come to Shasta on a like errand
and says if necessary she. will use liko
methods to compel ¦ Montgomery to give
back her money. She has gone to Pla
teau. , :% r -;•>¦ ¦.-
REDDING, June 29.— Mrs. Cator, who
four months, ago secured a divorce from
her husband, Thomas V. Cator, arrived
in Redding yesterday, bent on finding
Silas Montgomery, a prominent resident
of Western Shasta, who, Mrs. Cator
claims, swindled her. Montgomery lives
at Plateau, about fifteen miles east "of
Redding.
Mrs. Cator Goes to Shasta County to
Recover Money by Force,
if Necessary. , ,
SEARCHES FOR A* MAN
SHE CALLS A SWINDLER
The reception committee from the stu
dent body ? ' will be composed of the fol
lowing named: • • - ? ¦ - . •
Miss Grace Barnett, Miss Lillie Janes,
Miss Rose Hermann Miss Agnes Stowell,
Miss Kate Foster, Miss Ethel Jones, Miss
Grace Avery and Miss Mae Bentley.
Various plans, have been made by the
officials of the University of Cali
fornia summer school to offer en
tertainment to the students at the
session who come . from inland and
eastern localities. Dean - L. J. Richard
son has in view many novel and enter
taining diversions wherewith to enliven
the summer session for the students, in
cluding . trips to Mount Tamalpais, the
Presidio and points of general
around the cities of the bay. Besides
these, activities among the students in
the . line • of the organization of archery,
boating and baseball clubs will be fos
tered. The summer students are to have
full privileges of the college " athletic
fields, and courses in gymnasium work
for both men and women will be given.
Pierce and Mrs. .R. C. Brooks, to be fol
lowed by classical numbers on the violin
by Miss May Walker. Mrs. Elsie Lee Tur-.
ner, one of the directors of the Women's
Alumnae Association, will deliver, an ad
dress of welcome to the visiting women
students. .
T&e following ladies of the faculty will
assist in 'receiving::: .„ L-V
Mrs. M. L. Cheney, Mrs. L. J.™ Richards
son, Mrs. S. B. Christy, Mrs. George C.
Edwards, Mr». .* Fryer, Mrs. W. A. Mer
rll, Mrs. C. M Strat^on, Mrs. Irving
Stringham, Mrs. H. K. Shilling, Mrs.fW.
43. Magee.^Mrs. J. N. Le Conte, Mrs. A. 8.
Eakle and Mrs. F. V. Paget.
TWO OF THE MEMBERS OF RE- !
CEPTION COMMITTEE OF UNI
VERSITY SUMMER SCHOOL.
. The result of their investigation is that
an unfavorable report on the canal will
be made. The cost is estimated at $10,-
OXt.OOO. They consider that such a canal
would cause an overflow of the low lands
at Denverton.
SUISUN, June 29.— Public Works Com
missioner Frank D. Ryan, accompanied
by Frank Miller, president, and the ex
ecutive committee of the Reclamation and
Drainage Association, visited Sulsun this
afternoon after a trip along the Sacra
mento River and over the route of the
proposed drainage canal from Yolo Basin
to Denverton.
Biver and Doubt Expediency
of Drainage System.
Officials Traverse the Sacramento
CANAL PLAN FAILS
OF FAVORABLE EEPOET
,:At Plymouth Congregational Church this
morning services were conducted by the
Rev. T.\M. Van Emery. '
The Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of
the First Congregational Ohurch, has rt
turned from an Eastern trip in connection
with the Jetting of a contract for a new
church organ, which will cost about
$12,000. . • • -
The Rev. J. D. Hammond and the Rev.
E. ' B.- Winning conducted • services to-tlay
at ; Chester-street Methodist Chuch; >•-"-.-
"A Welcome to the New Library" was
the subject of a discourse which the Rev.
Benjamin Fay Mills delivered this morn
ing at the First Unitarian Church. Dur
ing July the Rev. George W. , Fuller, the
assistant minister, will preach during the
morning services. .
The Rev. N. Maynard. of Tennessee, a
returned missionary from Japan, preach
ed to-day at the Tentltavenue Baptist
Church. . . ' - :
OAKLAND, June 29.— The Rev. S. D.
Chown of Toronto, Ont., occupied the pul
pit to-day at the First Congregational
Church.
SUNDAY SERVICES IN
OAKLAND CHURCHES
Several Visiting Clergymen Among
Those Who Occupied Pulpits
for Sabbath Worship.
A trash fire at the ocean's edge on tba
line of the steam car track caused con
siderable uneasiness among the house
owners of that district yesterday. The
brush, ¦'vhich is quite long on the land
Just north i-nd east of the steam car sta
tion, took fire presumably from a loco
motive spsrk and for a time gained such
headway as to endanger the Merchants'
Exchange lookout station. By hard work
the Fire Department got the blaze under
control. ¦¦ ¦
Quite a large crowd visited the beach,
the weather being ideal.
' There was a .large crowd at the pars
music stand and throughout the great
pleasure resort. Paul Stelndorff's music,
charmed the listeners as much as ever.
¦aint in the City of Mexico. One hun
dred 2nd nineteen bars were shipped
through >,"""ff day, making a total of GltS
bars sinee»*i^Bt Saturday. The average
weight of the bars is seventy-five pounds,
so the total number of pounds is 46,20}.
These ore shipments will pay no en
trance duty. The Mexican Government,
It is understood, some time since - granted
the American Smelting and- Refining
Company the right to Import 5.000,000
ounces of silver bullion that has been ex
ported from Mexico. This bullion will be
coined free of charge in the Government
mints, and under the ruling rate of ex
change will permit of a large profit.
LAREDO, Tex., June 29.— Large ship
ments of pure silver in bars have been
made through this city every «lay since
last Saturday. It is from New Jersey
and is going to the Mexican Government
ment No Entrance Duty "Will
Be Charged.
Through Concessions of the Govern-
!EW JEBSEY IS SHIPPING
PTJBE SILVER TO MEXICO
James H. McGettigan, for many "years
agent of the Renters* Loan and Trti*t
Company of Vallejo, died yesterday at
the residence of his parents, 7C3 Clayton
street, this. city. He had been ill but four
days, his death being due to stomach
trouble.
The deceased was one of the most trust
ed employes of the company he repre
sented, having been- in its service for
more than six years. He had great busi
ness tact and engineered many larga
deals in realty in the navy yard town. Ho
was very popular, counting among hla
friend3 a great many people of • prom
inence, not only In Vallejo, but through
out the State.
The deceased was a native of vallejo.
38 years of age. His father, E. McGetti
gan, at present in Nome, was at one time
a prominent political leader. - Dr. C. D.
McGettigan of this city is a brother of
the deceased. _
EB.TJSH FIBE CAUSES
EXCITEMENT AT BEACS
in Navy Yard Town, Passes
at Mother's Home, r- .; J
James H. McGettigaa, Well Known
to the woman's right wrist was a small
valise containing a bundle of papers,
from which all the names had been torn.
For several hours the body could not be
identified, but at the undertaking estab
lishment to which the remains were
tf.ken a picture of E. Percivalc Baker
found, .ind the recognition of tills
¦ a to the identification of the- woman's
¦Mr.
This was her third attempt at suicide.
With her husband she went to a cheap
lodging- house on Main street on April 15.
and after writing a joint note, in which
they stated that they had determined to
<Lie together, both took chloral and mor
phine in quantities sufficient to kill sev
eral persons. Baker was dead when
lound, but his wife's life was saved.
She then declared that she would join
her husband, and three weeks later she
t\ent to another lodging-house and after
i losing all the cracks around the doors
£nd windows turned on the gas. Again
siie was discovered before life was ex
tinct and again her life was saved. Since
then she had been watched by friends,
but Saturday night she slipped away
lrom them, and although they searched
for her all night the could not be found,
tahe went to the end of the pleasure
vherf at Santa Monica and leaning over
the water Fhot herself through the head
#nd her body dropped into the ocean.
Baker was a man of brilliant mind and
(was for several years employed in the
Chinese inspection service at 6an Fran
cisco. He was a contributor to all the
leading magazines and spoke eight lan
guages fluently. In his efforts to secure
iht- photograph of the bound foot of a
Chinese woman here he represented him
self to be a United States officer, and for
ihis he was indicted by the United States
Grand Jury here. His conviction was
certain, and knowing this he ended his
hie. His wife stated several times that
1-efore her husband'e death he had made
her swear that she would follow him, and
she repeatedly asserted that she would
keep her oath.
LOS ANGELES, June 29.— The body of
Mrs. Natalie Baker, widow of E. Percl
vale Baker, who committed suicide in this
city April 15, was found this afternoon
f.oating in the surf in front of the North*
Beach bathhouse at Santa Monica. In
the right temple was a buliet hole. Tied
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Cicily meantime had lost five min
utes more in Jibbing.' All the yachts -with
t.'.eir spinnakers boomed out on starboard
then started for the second mark, seven
miles away. The Meteor rounded the sec
end mark a long way ahead of the other
yachts, and when she started on the
homeward leg of eleven miles it was al
most completely calm. All the excursion
steamers left the racers at this point. The
yuchts were drifting hopelessry.
The sailing committee has decided that
If the Meteor beats the Cicily the latter
yacht shall be given a special prize, in
view of the complications which arose
from the change of orders.
The Friday race has been awarded to
the Cicily. In this contest the Meteor
Unished 7 minutes 22 seconds ahead of
the Cicily, but under her time allowance
tnc English boat won by 1 minute and 11
seconds.
Acting under these instructions* the
Cicily rounded the mark and started for
home; but Emperor William objected to
this change of the course because the
Meteor was coming on the reach, which
would show her best points. The sailing
committee countermanded its previous in
structions.
As the wind had dropped a good deal,
the sailing committee decided to shorten
tho course by one side of the triangle
and to instruct the yachts to come home
direct from the first mark. The com
mittee consequently borrowed all the
available steam launches in the neigh
borhood and, with a member of the com
mittee on board each, the launches start
ed to intercept the yachts and inform
them of the decision before they rounded
the first mark.
The wind was dead ahead for the . en
tire distance to the first mark, twelve
miles from the starting point. At the end
of an hour the Meteor worked out ahead
of the Cicily, which had already distanc
ed the other contestants. Tne Cicily
challenged the Meteor for the weather
berth, slowly passed her and lengthened
her lead. The time at the first mark was
as follows:
Cicily, 3 hours 24 minutes 40 seconds; Me
teor, a hour* 2» minutes SO seconds.
The yachts, carrying full light-weather
canvas, crossed the starting line at 11:35
yesterday in the following order: The
Lacsa, the Clara, the Cicily, the Iduna,
the Nordwest and the Meteor.
KIEL, June 30—9 a. m.— Emperor Wil
liam's American-built schooner yacht, the
Meteor, the Cicily, owned by Cecil Quen
tln of England, and the other yachts
which started in the schooner race to
day are drifting toward home. The Me
teor is in the lead and the Cicily is sec
ond.
This is not Dr. Soldan's -first visit to
the coast. He has attended meetings of
the National Educational Association,
which have been held In San Francisco
and Los Angeles. -
BERKELEY, June 29.— F. Louis Soldan,
LL.D., Superintendent of Instruction of
\hp Public Schools of St. Louis and
acknowledged as one of the foremost edu
cators of. ice' Middle West, Is in Berkeley.
He has come to conduct courses in peda
gogy In the university . summer school,
which opens" to-morrow. . ..,
The presence of Dr. Soldan in the de
partment of education of the vacation
school at Berkeley lends a large amount
of importance to that branch of learning,
for his theoretical Knowledge of the sub
ject is backed by a record of thirty-nine
years' active experience in every branch
of the School Department of St. Louis.
Dr. Soldan first made a nsyne for him
self as director of the St. Louis Normal
School, one of the largest institutions of
its kind in the country. After holding this
position for twenty-four years he was ele
vated in 1S96 to the office of Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, which position
he now holds* Besides this he is a lec
turer at Washington University and at
the University of Missouri.
The St. Louis educator's wide experience
in school affairs will make his lectures at
the summer session of the State Univer
sity authoritative. His two courses of lec
tures here on "Practical Education" and
"School Administration" will embrace
questions concerning the administration of
public and - normal schools, functions of
school boards and the curriculum of com
mon schools and high schools.
Dr. Soldan has much to say in praise
of the school system of St. Louis.
"We feel that we hold a unique posi
tion among the ' school systems of the
country," said he, "because It was at St.
Louia - that the system of public kinder
gartens was first established-, "twenty
seven years ago, and there they have
reached the highest degree of efficiency.
Out of eighty-eight public schools, seventy
have a kindergarten department attached.
Every new schoolhouse erected includes a
special room for kindergarten work.
"Our system of school administration is
unique and during the six years of its
operation ha3 . been eminently successful.
All executive work is in the hands of the
heads of departments. The Superintend
ent of Instruction nominates all teachers
and school employes and their names are
accepted or rejected by the Board of Edu
cation. The same holds for all textbooks
used in the schools." ;
It seemed as if every person in Santa
Cruz was at the closing service held at
the armory this evening. It commenced
at 6:30 o'clock with a vesper service, con
ducted by the Rev. Francis Reed of Paso
Robles. The devotions were led by Dr.
Sara- Wise of San Francisco. The ad
dresses of the- evening were on "Soul
fcktving," by W. A. Kling, secretary-of the
Oakland Y. M. C\ A., and the convention
sermon, "Not I, but Christ," by the Rev.
W. H. Scudder of Berkeley, The closing
consecration service was led by Giles Kel
logg of San Diego.
While the junior rally was in progress
a mass meeting was held in the armory.
A temperance address on "The Law vs.
the Saloon" was given by \V. P. Neth
erton.- An address on "The ¦« Power of
a Noble Life" was- given' by the Rev.
Harry Hilllard of San Luis. Obispo, who
was followed by the Rev. H. F. Briggs.
P'ollowing the mass meeting was a big
street meeting on Pacific avenue and an
other meeting in Chinatown. ...¦-"- *
The Rev. Francis W; Reid of Paso Ro
bles was at the Presbyterian church in
"Watsonville, and at the Watsonvlllo
Christian church the Rev., M. I*. Yager.
The Soquel Congregational pulpit was oc
cupied by Miss Esther Smith or San Fran
cisco. . J. E. White of San Francisco
preached. at jHay Valley.
This afternoon the juniors in large num
bers gathered • at the Congregational
church for a .rally, the superintendent,
Miss "Jessie Flook, presiding. The speak
ers were Giles Kellogg of Ban Diego and
Lionel Rodgers, who is in' charge of a
junior, society of 156 members at*Berke
ley, • ¦'.•¦¦. . *
This feature of the meeting was' more
impressive than all that had; preceded it.
In the brilliant midst of "a fire of flowers
arid glowing gr^ss" the singers stood and
rendered " most , v melodiously ' the : sacred
songs. Then on the stretch of sand be
low, at the very edge of tho "image of
eternity," they knelt and prayed. An
earnest address on "The Inducement for
Power", was delivered by the Rev. Harry
Hllliard of San LUis Obispo.
The; pulpits . of the various churches
were occupied by delegates. The j Con
gregational by MIbs Anna G. Fraser of
Santa Monica and Dr. Sara E. Wise of
San Francisco; the Methodist by the Rev.
Herbert Briggs of Central M. E. Church,
San Francisco; the Christian by the Rev.
J. J. Evans of Red Bluff; the Presbyte
rian by the Rev. Edson D. Hale of thu
Congregational church, Niles; the Bap
tist by Giles Kellogg of Coronado; the
German M. E. by the Rev. B. F. Sargent
of- the North Berkeley Congregational
Church. . ..-¦•-
SANTA CRUZ, June 29.— The- mighty
diapason 'of the ocean, breaking on the
beautifully shingled shore beyond the
Cliff road, Berved this mornlng'as an in
spiration and accompaniment for the 500
Christian '., Endeavorers who gathered
there to inaugurate their , day's work
with the singing of hymns and chanting?
of prayers. - . . > ' • ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO BUSINESS MAN
DIES IN SAN FRANCISCO
Eden Parlor, Native Sons, la enthusias
tic over the project and has appointed- th«
following named as members of a com
mittee to investigate and report upon tho
probable expenses of launching and con
ducting a street carnival and the receipts
that such an affair may be expected ti>
yield: C. H. Heyer, J. E. Geaxy, Georget
A. Oakes. M. B. Templaton and Dr. H.
Powell. Haywards Parlor. Native Daugh
ters, will at Its next meeting name a com
mittee to act with the Native Sons. ¦-
. Two sites are available for the carnival
grounds, the Plaza and the baseball park.
The former is centrally located, but \z
chosen would have to be fenced in. The'
ball park is already enclosed and for tnis
reason undoubtedly will be selected.
No definite time has been fixed for th»
carnival season, but the first week in Oc
tober is favored by many and in all HlteU
hood will be chosen.
HAYWARDS, June 29— Inspired by the
big success of the recent Elks' Carnival
and Street Fair In, Oakland, the Native
Sons and Native Daughters of Haywards
are planning to arrange a similar event
for their town. The object is to raise $40CO
with which to pay off a mortgage for that
amount~now on Native Sons' Hall.
Session of the* State Organi
zation Ends at Santa
Cruz;
Object Is to Raise Funds
to Pay Off Mortgage
on Hall.
Conflicting Orders of Com
mittee Aid American-
Built Meteor.
Shocls Herself on a Wharf
and Drops Into the
Water.
Is a Member of the Faculty
•¦ of University Summer
School.
Lack of a Breeze Mars
Race of the Craft
Head of St. Louis Schools
to Give Courses on
Native. Sons Arranging
to Hold Big Street
Fair There.
KEEPS AN OATH
BY ENDING LIFE
Santa Monica Woman
Finally Succeeds in
Suicide.
Christian: Endeav6rers {
Render Melody on
the Shore.
KAISER'S YAGHT
IN THE LEAD
FOR CARNIVAL
FOR HAYWARDS
SACRED SONGS
SOUND SEAWARD
GO-EDS OF UNIVERSITY SUMMER
SCHOOL WILL BE ENTERTAINED
Members of Young Woman's Christian Association
and Wives of College Professors Prepare to Give
Reception to Special Students in Stiles' Hall
DOCTOR SOLDAN
IN BERKELEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 30, 1902.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
kills, not necessarily suddenly,
but SURELY. It preys upon the
intellectual powers more than
we realize. It consumes the
vitality faster than nature can
replenish it, and we cannot tell
just what moment a temporary
or complete aberration of the
mind will result. Headache and
pain should be promptly re-
moved — but properly. Many
pain cures are more harmful
than the pain. Beware. If
you would be safe, take
*%.• Pain Pills.
"As a result of neuralgia I lost the
sight of my right eye, and the paini
havo suffered is incomprehensible, be-
in* obliged to take opiates almost con-
tinually. A friend pavo me one of Dr.
Miles' P*in Pill* and £ promptly re-
lieved me. I then purchased a box and
a&wiar tro-ible is ffcae. Ther have
also ccred my daughter of nervous
IheVdaclS and' I fc^^?^^
them to others."—W. J. CoUJEY. Bre-
mead, Texas.
Sold by Druggists. 25 Doses, 25c.
Dc MUS& Medical Co., Bkhart, Ind.
Good enough
,y\LL Havana Filler
- '•• FLORODORA '": BANDS an
: o/ same value as tags from.
I/- " STAR." '•• HORSE SHOE.':
"SPEARHEAD."" STANDARD NA W
' •' OLD PEACH & HONEt"
" SA WLOC" " OLE VARCINY'*
er "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobeeeo.
i 2__ i __^_^__ '.._THE SAN FBAOTOISCO CAL,!^ .:M(X^pAT, JUNE 30, ,1902.
8
KAGLE-
HELP ' WANTED— MALE — Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S......429 Bush st
NO OFFICE FEE.
NO OFFICE FEE.
.. Free fee, free shipment, free fare
For Palisade. . ; . . ..-.'. Gerald '. • • .Carlln
Elko»..... ..... Peacock .....%.... Fenelon
1000 teamsters and laborers. $2 to $2 25
I 600 concrete men. plowholders. dumpers. $2 25
....ABOVE IS FREE..
200 teamsters, Luclne. Utah..' $2. $2 23
., A track gang, Nevada $2
500 tunnelmen Chatsworth Park, Cal..$2. $.1
Ship Monday. .........;......• Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO... ...429 Bush at
. (Bet. Kearny and Grant ave.)
C. R. HANSEN, 429 Bush st.. bet. Kearny
st. and -Grant ave.
4 steam shovel engineers $125
4 cranes men • $90
See boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.
BARBERS — Half interest 4-chalr barber shop
for sale; snap. WILL & F1NCK. .
CHEAP good-paying barber shop; must be
sold immediately; party going East. 215 6th.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
8. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the. ages of 21 and 33: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert Instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special Inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and' mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 largo
rooma: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS— Half Interest in good paying shop
in one of the best towns In country. DECK-
ELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st ' >
FOLDERERS, boys and girls. Apply Amer-
ican Can Co.. factory Seventh and Townsend
i? sts.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Experienced mala and female cut-
ters for factory, on women's wrappers and
overskirts. Apply, box 1116. Call.
A— FIRST-CLASS butler, $50. MISS PLUN- |
KETT. 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
GENTLEMAN roommate; large room; central;
cheap. Box 401, Call office.
WANTED — Flrst-class wagon blacksmith;
¦ steady Job. 637 Brannan st. _^^^^__^,
WANTED — Boy for wholesale house. Address,
stating age and experience, box 1288. Call.
RELIABLE boy for printing office; state wages
and experience. Box 1241. Call office.
COLORED Janitor, t with reference. Apply at
M. SIMINOFF'S. 1228 Market St.
BOY to assist in exchange for good home. 649S
Telegraph ave.. Oakland. '
TO let — Furnished barber shop; small rent
Twenty-fourth and Alabama sts.
SAMPLES and misfit suits from $30 to $50;
will sell $16. to $22. 104 Second st.
GOOD carriage blacksmith and woodworker.
O'BRIEN'S. G. Q. ave. and Polk st.
ELDERLY confectioner to assist In bakery.
Box 1221. Call office.
60 QUARRYMEN and rock drillers. $2 and
$2 25 per day. Apply 212 Ninth st.
600 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
'' S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post O.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
6Cc up: soltng 20c up. 923 Howard at..- nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 2So
to 50c. 663 Mission at. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission St.. .bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at. - • . '
JJ ! j l'?- ItSES . -^P-, w Ap_ oxs '.. _
CO HEAD at auction — One carload Modoc
horses, consigned by James McCabe; also
one carload thoroughly broken high-class
driving horses, at Stewart's Horse Market,
721 Howard st.. near Third; phone Main 1150.
Monday. June 30, 11 a. m.
FOR Sale — A number of fine driving horses tn
use In this city every day; broke single and
double; guaranteed perfect In every way:
prices low. Occidental Horse Exchange, 246
Third st.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
HORSE. $15; buggy. $15; wagon. $20; phae-
i ton, $40; double harness, $12 50; single, $3;
lady's saddle. $7 50. 70 City Hall ave.
FO SARLE— 1 heavy draft horse, sound and
gentle; price. $50. Apply at 2410 Harrison
st, bet. Twentieth ond Twenty-first.
1 CARRIAGE team; 1 work team. $150; bual-
ness snd saddle horse. DALZIEL. 605 G.G.
STYLISH bay mare; young: fine saddle and
buggy horse. S. BONN, 300A Clementina st
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MAUKET.721 Howard. '
FOR SALE — New and 2d-hand surreys, bug-
gies, etc. 100 Golden Gate ave. «
FOR SALE — Fine canopy-top surrey: also, fine
open surrey, at Nucleus Stable. 187 Stevenson.
FOR sale — Spiral sprtns; top road buggy cheap.
Inquire of JOHN WIREN. 113 William st
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness. work, driving horses. 15th&Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
• Ing wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission ft.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTF.D list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
MODERN house; 7 rooms, bath. $12 60 to good
tenant. S07 Faxon ave.; call 354 Geary st.
MODERN house; 7 rooma, bath, $12 50 to good
tenant. 807 Faxon ave.; take car to Ingle.
side/ ¦
2-STORY house; north side. Call at 2026 Bush
¦ St.. bet. 0 and 12 and 1 and 6 p. m.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Irish terrier dog; red and gray wire-
haired; tall docked. Reward paid If returned
to 1812 (touch st, near Sacramento.
LOST — Heart-shaped locket: Initials A. H. H.
Return to 400 Post St.; receive reward.
LOST — Friday morning, between Flllmore at.
and Ocean Beach, gold pin, skull and cros4
bones. Finder return to box 1219, Call office.
. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— Brown water spaniel; reward. 1232
Valencia . st. ¦
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JOHN O'NEILL SMITH. No. 220-
668. The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are. sick or In trouble.
. consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
rases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence, 1018 Mkt., op. 6th.
A— DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most Important of modern principles In treat-
Ing and curing female complaints; ladies, all
-who are sick or In trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential
to normal results; fee low. Moved from 1007 U
to 993 Market st. :>
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladles-
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement. 1008 H Market at., opp. Fifth.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladles' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home in
confinement Moved to 728 Post st, nr. Jones.
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero— Graduate Royal
University:: 25 -years* midwifery experience;
takes ladles before & during conflnemt. ; terms
reasonable: Infants adopted. Tel.' Blue 411.
MRS. DR. GUYER. office aSid residence, City
Hall • ave., ; over Goodf ellow's Grotto rooms
25-28; telephone Jessie 2131.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladies' '
specialist;. a private home before and daring
confinement: best medical < care; low fees.
Mrs. Dr. Wegener." formerly G. G. are.; now 210
Eddy at. — Home for patienta: babies adopted.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment .1126 Market
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & aure; never falls;
. , : price $2. Gleason'a drug store. Clay& Kearny.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton if, opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs. ¦
CARPET BEATING' AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-857 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. Q. Klelnert 1512 Polk; teL East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning 2%c yd ;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market.bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st; ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. TVALCOM & CO..' Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
COTTAGES- TO LET.
CAPP, 019 — Cottage 4 rooms, bath; basement,
suitable for bottling beer; with or without
barn. , ____!__
$14— 5-room cottage on Cottage Row, nr. Bush,
bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire 2111% Bush st
DENTISTS^ jS _^__^^
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7 Flood bldg.: extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth'without plates our speclalty:gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free.$4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m.' to 9 p. m.; Sundays, •
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st. cor. Ma&on—
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
; SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; nlllngs,50e;
plates, $5, full set ;all work painless and war-,
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
THOROUGH work guaranteed by The New
York Dentists, DR. PERKINS, president,
corner Sixth and Mission sts. : .- . .¦
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns.$2 up; fillings, ->5c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. -......'¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking ahd Millinery School;
corset-making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
H^AXD^^«?o7)L'7jF^LECTmcX£r^Ni5l^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ' '- '-
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
00 positions since April 1: Ellis bookkeeping
makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Business Col-
lege, 1230 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S.F.— Thorough- courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining I
engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law -and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had: in-
dorsed «by official court reporters.l3S2 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping,- etc., with "Golden
Gate Commercial College. 530 Golden Gate.
Address Avers' Business College, 723 Market
St., for their new catalogue; It Is free and the
nicest !n the State. Life scholarship, $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ARTISTIC singing and piano; rapid method;
$5 mo.; 2 lessons wk.- Box 999, Call office.
PIANO and singing; p'aris professor: children
specially; Ies. home or studio. Box 13C3, Call.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $0 mo.
Harpist, only teacher Wcst.deslres pupUs.Mme.
Carusl. Hallet School Acting.120 O'Farrell Et.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 M!sslcn t nr.6th.
VIOLIN. Mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1003 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. ST. F..
founded 1S63; new SO-pape catalogue free.
A WEEK'S news for ft cents — The Weekly Call.
. 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese holp. 42(1 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5073.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock,
ton; tel Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 621 Bush St.: tel. Bush 616.
JAP reliable houaecleanlng, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page at.; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
EM PLOY31ENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN to do general housework; city or
country: Is a good cook. 794 Folsom st.; call
personally.
RELIABLE woman wants washing or house-
cleaning by the day. Apply ISA Oak Grove
ave.. off Harrison St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
SWEDISH girl, short lime from Sweden,
wishes to do general housework; $12 a month,
tn McAllister *l.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman; good cook and
housekeeper; neat and economical; good city
reference; wages moderate. 613 Bryant st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing,
Ironing, houKecleantng. $1 and car fare. MRS.
SIEBOLD, 77 Natoma st. ¦
ELDERLY woman wants work In small fam-
lly; small wages. 204U Tehama st.
RESPECTABLE trustworthy woman, all alone,
has no Incumbranccs, would like a good home
In a small American family where she can
make herself useful; small wages; In the
central part of the city. Box 1321, Call.
AN experienced nurtte wishes engagements;
surgical or confinement cases; city or coun-
try; references given; reasonable. Call. or
address MRS. MERR1TT, 127 Seventh at.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work wash-
Ing or housecleaning; $1 76 per day; refer-
ences. Apply 612 Treat ave., near Nine-
teenth. . ' . ...
POSITIONias cashier or cloak saleswoman ile-
slred by^svornan of refinement; experienced.
Box 12U7. Call.
STRONG Swedish Klrl wants work by the day
- washing and houisecleanlnic; $1 10 and car-
fare. Box 1258, Call.
LADY will read to Invalid afternoon or even-
ing. Adilrp.su 12UI. Call.
WINCHESTER HouVe. 44 Third st. near Mar. •
kct— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50
to $U week; convenient and respectable; fr«e
bua ond baggage to and from ferry. -
WANT ads and rubscrlptlona taken for Th»
Call at Katon'» Hasaar. 0.19 MaAUlater at
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
»ubfcrlptlcns has been established at 1090
Vtleticla st. •.¦.'.
KMI'LOVMiaXT WANTED — MALeT"
YOUNG man wishes situation as apprentice In
carpenter shop. Bex 1311, Call office.
A MAN, steady and sober, wishes situation on
private place to do gardening, ¦ care * of
norst-ft, cowt>, and understands how to run
gasoline enslne; best of references. Box
1255. Call office. '. - .
GARDENER and florist, thoroughly- competent,
desires situation; first-class references from
• the East. 12urope and California. ; Address
box 1304. Call office.
YOUNG man living home with parents would
like a place to learn plumbing trade. Sl'Jii
Larkin st. ' ,.
YOUNG man, single, desires position as butler
and valet In small private family; wages $50;
Al New York references. Box 121S, Call.
GOOD cook wants place In small . boarding-
house or ranch; first-class references.' Call
68 Third ft, rooml60.v r ,
COMPETENT Chinese, cook wants situation;
Is a good dishwasher; city or country. Ad-
dress JOE TEE P.. 753 Clay st. ij.ffj
WANTED — A I position as engineer, steam or
gasoline. Address box 12C5. Call office.-
WANTED — Painting nnd paper hanging: city
or country;, at low figure. Box 1163, Call. -. ;
JAPANESE wants position as school boy in
/small -family. Address GEORGE TAHAHA-
* SHI, 1329 Pine . st. . —
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call , advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st . -,¦¦¦-¦¦ .
COMPANIES incorporated and 'financed; stock
' and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
• sold: stock accepted ¦ for services. «.-, Send ¦ for
Pacific ¦ States . Investor. .•» PACIFIC- STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 328 Post.
FURNITURE AND .MATTRESSES.
LOW' prices and good work In .making over
;¦ furniture and mattresses.-. HOPKft • BROS
411 and 413 Powell, st.;. tel. Bush 421. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
BARGAINS;. GENUINE SNAPS.
The following houses must be sold within 5
days; will sell on easy payments:
9 rooms; rent $50; down town; transient
11 rooms; rent $30; -mixed furniture. x
16 rooms: rent $77 50; fine furnishings.
27 rooms; rent $140; fine transient.
85 rooms; rent $65; mixed furniture.
' SCHWEINHARD,
, No. 917 Market st. bet 5th and 6th sta.'
TO buy a lodging-house, boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917 Market st. bet. 6th and 6th.
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
12 ROOMS; elegant: flrst-class ;clears $170.$1200
20 rooms; clears $95; only.... 800
12 rooms; corner: clears $50 .i 325
45 rooms: clears $200 2200
. 18 rooms; just listed 650
30 rooms; clears $250; Investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market: clears $100... 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
11 rooms; clears $35 • 350
. RETSLOFF-McMILLEN: phone John 531.
906 Markets cor. Ellis (upstairs, rms. 7-8).-
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st/
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city,
n rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; ¦downtown ; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 60; -make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
23 ROOMS; good furniture; rent $35; newly
painted and papered; -new plumbing: owner
occupies 6 rooms; Income $07: price $1600.
50 rooms; new building; new and elegant
furniture; new carpets; rich velvet and body
Brussels; fashionable location; electric ele-
vator and all modern conveniences; full of
first-class roomers; clears $200 per month: 5
years' lease. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Mrkt.
A— SPECIAL. SPECIAL— A .
Must sell in * days; prominent corner north
of Market: 26 rooms; fine furniture; rent $90:
lease if desired; clears $90. and. owner uses
5 of the best rooms; positively the best prop-
osition in the city; see this early and make
offer. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st;
phone Jessie 2211.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market St.. and 8 Stockton St..
Rooma 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; we have bargains in
hotels, lodging-houses, all sizes and prices:
no trouble to show houses. Carriage at door.
Money loaned, 1% per cent
HOME Realty. 873 Market; phone Folsom 1207.
$1500 — 3S-room housekeeping: snap: low rent
JP.r.OO — First-class; 34-room bay-window ele-
gantl}- furnished house; must be sold at once.
$2500 — 26- room house: fine furniture; paying.
$1650 — 21-room house; central; low rent; full.
$900 — 14-room house; clean; paying house.
Large Market-st. house; about CO rooms.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. ~~~
S50 Market St.— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent$6500
SOO rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner: fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, madhouses, flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
21 ROOMS on Kearny st; 22 rooms near Kear-
ny. only $600; 12 rooms, Turk; 10 rooms. Ma-
son; 30 rooms. Grant ave.J 76 rooms, Howard
ft. ; 15 rooms. Market st, $C50, and GO more
houses. Kindly ask for information. Money
loaned. McBRiDE & CO., 765 Market st.
RYAN & O'ROURKE moved to 7C5 Market st.
16 rooms; forced sale; all light $550
14 rooms; clears $48; sickness 450
10 rooms; fine .location; other business.. 650
500 houses for sale. "_ • ,
CORNER house; 11 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251% Mis-
sion st., cor. Ninth.
A SMALL Bum will give you a partnership in
a business that will clear $1CO per week. 842
Howard st . . .
$90 — NEWLY furnished and renovated. In-
quire 842 Howard st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MATERIALIZING wa^^^iTnday nlg-htT^S
o'clock: skeptics invited: admission 60c. DR.
AUGUSTUS FOSTER. 123 Turk st; read-
Ings dally.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis st, near Franklin;
materializing seance; Bun. Tues and Friday
nfehts. 50c; readings Bally; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clatrvoyant. bus. me-
dlum. life reader; sit. $1: letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell St.. nr. Gouch: Ellis car.
KATIB HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th, nr. Guer-
rero: circle Friday eve.: 25c; readings dally.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance.test medium ireadlngs
50c. $1. 316 Third st: dr. Tues.. Frl.. 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and Thurs.
"clairvoyants. •
PROF. PAUL~DifsflNE^
The First Registered, as Well as the First
Graduate Palmist and Clairvoyant
Ever In San Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted dally on all
affairs of life; his information ami advice
on marriage, divorce, separation, love and
family affairs, business transactions, law-
suits, mining, etc., are accurate and truth-
ful; he reunites the separated, settles lovers'
quarrels, causes speedy marriages, makes*
you successful and prosperous; locates hid-
den treasures and mines; settles old estates
and accounts that time and circumstances
have placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness;
long-standing and chronic dlaeasea that have
baffled the physicians' skill cured without
the use of medicine; there is no home so
sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
lonely, no life so hard and blighted that can-
not be set right and kept right after a visit
to this inspired man of modern times; no
matter what trouble you may have, call and
he will help you or charge nothing for his
services; "palmistry taught, medlumlstic
persons developed"; learn a profession that
will bring you from $10 to $25 per day 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.; fee reasonable.
326- ¦ O'Farrell Street 326
MME. M. BERNARD." ~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays evente to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, .discontented un.
happy or not satisfied tn life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult thin great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45(!0.
Your life clearly revealed by Miss Zemdar, the
young and gifted clatr. & palmist I have aston-
ished thousands with my wonderfully correct
horoscope of their lives, past, present and fu-
true: 1 correctly treat your love affairs, domes-
tic troubles, business and financial success;
namf-s given; ladles, 50c; gents, $1; hours 10-9.
217 Eddy st.
A— I6MAR, the Egyptian gypay clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
¦ cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
6 p. in.; readings by mjll as satisfactory at
In person: 3 questions answered. $1; full Ufa
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
RETURNED— The eminent palmist and clalr-
voyant. PROF. MONTAGUE. Is at the Ed-
inburgh. 239 Powell st., cor. Geary, rooms 1
and 2. and can be consulted on all business
affairs, lov», marriage, etc.; hours, 10 to 12
1 to 5. 7 to 8 dally and Sunday 2 to 6.
A— 25c; SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader: advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makos
happy and speedy marriages In 9 days. 10 to
8 dally. 1010 Mission St.. near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readln»;ladles50c.
gents $1: palm, and clalr. nit $1 50. 128 Turk.
DON'T be deceived by large advertisements;
call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palm-
Ist; readings by mall. ¦ 1016 Market st.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; vend dime & birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor. St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions: full names; 6Of-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
WYLLIE, photo medium; skeptics, bring cam"
era and plates; do your own developing. 309
Turk st
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently, business
advice; names given: 25n up. 5 Fourth at
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; carda & tea .leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 5Oc. 6211$
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst-
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk et
MME. WALTERS, great card reader, la. 23c-
gents 50c. 051 Mission, near 6th; tpen Sun.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant and palmist; truth
or no pay; 25c up. 1149 Mlrslon. over store.
OLDEST palmist and card reader In city; la-
dlea 25c; gentlemen, 50c. 1032 Market st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant can) reader; sit-
tings dally. 448% Jessie st. bet Bth& 6th.
M LV S> BRO<W *N. clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; reading* dally. 132 Sixth st.
CJ ;' AI k RV &T a , n i t - card reader.' 25c: hours. 11
to 8. . C25 Minna nt. - . ¦
. •¦ COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free— Columbian 'Law anoTcollection
Agcy.. r. 85. 9tC Market st; phone Bush 19*.
GEOHGB W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st ,
aiATTRESSES A3fP PILLOWS. *
METAL beds, bedding, camp goods, window
shades HOTTER. 712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MINES ASP M'SIXG.
BEST hydraulic mine in Calitornla: thoroughly
prospected and tested: now ready to turn on
water and begin taking out gold; large dlvi- I
dends guaranteed from the start: small 1
amount more money necessary. to start up;^j
chance, for few days, to get in on bed rock.
The Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery su.
San Francisco.
FOR 3AXE-__
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1'j7 Fremont st
TENTS — TENTS — TENTS.
750 to 1000 new and second-hand '.ents to rent
and .lor sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'S
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
A — BUYS. sell3 or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers,, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St. ,
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; blllianl
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunawlck-Balke-Collender Co., «53 Mission.
FIFTEEN hundred stock cattle for sale. $22.
calves thrown in: SOO marine bucks. $12-
ROCHE & BRYAN. 234 Montgomery st.
SINGLE, double, treble and 5 stone diamond
rings, pins, ear studs. 078 Geary St.. roam
21. 2 to 6 dally. ___
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and Iron working ma.-
chtnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beala st.
" HAMMOCKS
At half price. 102 Clay st. -
SAFES— Carey Safe Co. E. B. BECK & CO..
Agents. 103 Front st .
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 130 Beale st. (
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doorj^
and bricks for sale. Valencia. St.. cor. 15tr«
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter* (air»
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, row boats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. " ¦
Edison phonographs, record, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, ali. sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. The HEP.-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-42^ Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought "sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pie-
tures. BULLARD &¦ BRECK. 131 Post St.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
BIG prices paid for seilskln coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush- 4S4.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENICEL. 817 Market st
MONEY TO LOAN. -
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bldg.
......$4,500,000 at less than bank ratea. ......
LOANS MADE *
On first and second .mortgages t
Life Interests In estates *
Property being held In trust. ........
Undivided interests In real estat*.....*
Estates In probate — Legacies. ,«
Assignment of rents :..«
Life insurance policies -•«
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money ....•(
See HERMAN MURPHY *
601-602 Examiner building
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st, room i *
Loans any amount at lowest rates. ,
Deal direct with lender. B£$
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages. J
On third mortgages. . l
On undivided interests In real estats. ; . ¦
On estates in probate.
On- legacies. * /
NO DELAY. ' ;v
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
ANY proposition any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In nro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undlvi3*Jj-
Jnterests, securities, manufacturing and.. !taer-« t
cantile interests, corporation loans. ISroms Ji.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEOIp5-,g. OLS1.V.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUtf?^COMPAN Y.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 32S Montgomery St..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low'rata of interest.
Long or short term. . .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. ,840
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant av«.. sear
Geary at.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or Snd mortgages and en
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
. . people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bhlg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal imoney quick:
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage:
reliable party. 1170 Market st. room US.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; loweat
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery at.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlrat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
$500,000 ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st o» i
2d mtgs.,und'vd. Interests, estates In probate./
life Ins, policies, etc. Harper. 4S0 Parrott bid.
14 FIFTH. Mills bids.— Trust funds to loan. P«
Masson Smith, atty.^'and Com. Yukon T*r.
ON furniture, planes; Wwest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.118 McAllisters'-.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal*
Phone Black 1709: room 81. 6 Kddy. Boor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security,
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. l-
CASH loaned salaried people on not* without
lndoncr. MORRELL, 600 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $12«)0 on country town vacant lots;
Interest 12 per cent; principals only. Q. Y..
box 123D. Call office. *
WANTED — $B00O loan at 3 per cent on good
city real estate from private parties; first
mortgage. Particulars K. a., box 1233. Call.
Mi;MCA^^JXSTJR^K.vrs.
ALL makes irni grades handled; largest va-
riety ai.d largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Stelnway $»S to $2SO
2 Knabe $>» to tUO
2 Fischer $75 to $153
1 Bourne • .....$ 10
Over 500">' Heine pianos tn S. F. Agents for
famous o V< Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
fnntallnw.ts $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. He In* Hall. 233-237
Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon planoa. pltaae bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but cart
offer exceptionally fine pianos and Largest
assortment of best makes to choose from
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers!
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. V. ; Broad*
way and Thirteenth st, Oakland.
A SAVING OF FROM $75 TO $100. - "
An elegant,. Chickerlng. used 8 months: *
fine Voae, mahogany case, like new; 2 Stela- *
ways, fine order, cheap; 1 Sterling, uaed 10 >
months; 2 Pease, new styles, cost $400" \ ,
Chester, used 6 months, a snap; prices from
.$190 up; all uprights. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell at
ANY piano sold by us taken back any ttm«
within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'Farrell it.; established 1850.
WE are cleaning house and will sell several
odd styles at great reductions. Pianos as low
as $30. and In good condition. Call and »•*»
our unsurpassed line of new goods as well
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC. CO.. 789
Market at. -
OUR pianos, the leading: makers; prices $100
upward; values best In city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A LOT of hlgh-grad'e pianos for almost a sonar
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st
PARTY need of cash must sacrifice handsom»
upright piano account death. 488 Eddy st. •
ON sale — A large Stelnway upright; good &¦
new; must sell. 237 - Geary, st
i » , _
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos In cltr
Scott-Curtaa Piano Co., 660 Hayes st
$160— ALMOST new 3-pedal uprtffht; easy pay.
menta. 16 McAllister at., next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market at -Z i
Steck. Everett. Ladwlg and other good pianos | h
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights! 1J
dropped from catalogue. $250. Bruenn,2Q8Post* *
BYRON MAUZY.- COS-310-312 Post sf. Sohraep
and other pianos and pipe organs. ¦
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new 'b
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham DlaoZ
__-_ ',. '.'FLATS -TO, ,LET. ; ;.-' : ; - 1
NEW," elegant corner flat of 8 rooms and bath;
Inlaid ttoors; electric lights free; rent reason-
. able; NW. 1 Page < and Broderick. Apply G.
H.; UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
NEW. elegant flats of 7 and S rooms and bath
each; everything up-to-date; Nos/-, 1S64-1S6C-
,1868 McAllister st, near Baker: rent Is very
cheap. : Apply G. H. UMBSEN &- CO., 14
. Montgomery st.' . -.',¦;*
6 RMS., nr. 6th.... $10 6 rms.. . Hatjcht...'.*2S
V 5 rms., Howard.. $15 17 rm«... Webster.. .$25
6 rms.. Ellis.. $18 10 rras.. Bush... $47 50
SPECK & CO., J107 Market St.
AN - elegant upper flat, • (J sunny i rooms and
basement; Just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sts.: half block from Market
_st. ; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth: very desirable
flat of 5 sunny rooms; Just completed; modern
Improvements; convenient to Twenty-fourth
and Castro st. cars; rent reasonable. -¦¦'¦
MASONIC ave.. bet. Halght and Page— Sunny
flat ? 7 rooms; up-to-date; Just completed.
Key at premises. •. . • •
MODERN flat; 6 fine sunny rooms: bath: base-
ment; yard; reasonable. 1933-1935 O'Farrell.
PARTY to take furnished flat, 6 rooms, and
. board man and wife:, refs. 2084. Market st.
HAYES, 1751. near' Park — Modern, sunny up-
per flat: 5 rooms, bath; $20; water free. -.
MCALLISTER. 637-^-3 nice ¦ large sunny room3
and bath; ; rent reasonable; no children.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. Mperyear.
.FLATS TO LET FURNISHED. f \
GOLDEN
garden: $25; lower flat. 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4.
F^R XITI^^ ITOjR S ALB. /
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 Market.
4-ROOM furnished for rent or sale: easy
terms. Call at 723 Howard, at.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale; bargain.
3815 Seventeenth st . ¦ -¦
FURNITURE WANTED. '
OTTO MAX. 1420 California st.. pays highest
price for houses, flats, stores, etc. ;. auction
estimates made. Phone Larkin 956. i
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days ; special
reasons. S/J. WAUOH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT.<773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354..
GLOVES.
TRY Dantcheff \ One Dollar Glove; you \ will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant'ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. rT^ANSEN^CO.'S.: Phone Grant 1&3
' HOTEL DEPARTMENT". ....
2 chambermaids, flm-class .country . hotel,
free fare :...'.... $20
fare ;............ ...$20
Chambermaid, city .-... $25
Chambermaid, to wait,- resort free fare.. $20
Chambermaid to wait, plain country hotel. $20
Cnambermald, Santa Barbara, fare advanced
;. $20
Fancy Ironer, springs, free fare both ways:
.$35
Starch ironer, country laundry $10 week
4 waitresses, Bartlett Springs, free fare both '
ways '. ; . . $23
2 waitresses, Byron Springs ; .$20
2 waitresses, Pacific Congress Springs, fare
one way $25 !
2 waitresses, Shasta Springs, fare paid.... $20
3 waitresses, same summer resort, fare paid
....$25
2 waitresses, Arizona, free fare.'.... $25
Laundress, j plain place, country, fare paid
..$20
Waitress, cafe, city, nice place ...$30
60 waitresses, country, city and resort hotels
....*. ..$25
Bookkeeper, restaurant, found and $20
German girl, wait on bakery. San Rafael. »25
...FAMILY DEPARTMENT
j Cook, small American family, country, 4
, others in help, party here 10 a. tn. Monday,
- .$35; ranch cook, party here, $30; housegirls,
San Mateo, Mountain View. Capltolo, Hay-
wards, San Jose and city, $20-$25; cooks,
housegirls. nurseglrU, second girls
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.) I
A— PLEASE TAKE. NOTICE— If you are a
waitress, or. a chambermaid, or a chamber-
maid who can wait on table one meal, and
want work we can give it to you in any part
of the State, whether it is in a resort,
spring, commercial hotel, country hotel or
for the city; therefore call and see us; nigh-
I est Wages paid and fares paid to the coun-
try ! —
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Bet. Kearny st and Grant ave.)...-...
C WAITRESSES, Lake Co.. fares both ways.$25
4 waitresses. Congress Springs, fares pd..$25
1 8 waitresses, Santa Cruz Mts., fares paid. $25
' 18 waitresses, different springs, resorts, etc.
.".71 $25
j 2 waitresses. Pactflc Grove ...$25
12 waitresses, commercial hotels. $25
Girl to wash napkins and assist dining room
: $25
Starch troner, flrst-class, springs.. .. ... .$.15
FREE FARE BOTH WAYS
MRS; M. E. DAY 335 Geary st
FOUR good waitresses for Santa Cruz, $25,
fare paid both ways; 2 waitresses for Bart-
lett Springs, $25; 2 waitresses for Napa Soda
Springs, $25 and fare paid both ways. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st. near Powell.
A — GOOD, strong housework girl, small family,
In country. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 8utter
st., near Powell.
' t NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SETJJ OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. '
WANTED — A competent second girl; German
preferred; must be good waitress and seam-
stress. Apply 2014 Webster st., near Cali-
fornia, Monday and Tuesday from 10 to 12
a. m. ..
GIRLS from 15 to 13 years old wanted to work
at Fourth of July celebration In Stockton.
Call at SHREVE & BARBER'S, 611 Kearny
St., from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
WANTED— Flrst-class waitress. $8 per week;
0 days a week. Apply 7o Third st, Breuss
Cafe. '
NEAT young girl for upstairs work and sew-
Ing. Cull 2520 Vallejo st. before 1 o'clock.
WANTED— Experienced cook: small family;
good wages. Apply 28 Kearny st
WANTED — Competent second girl. 2600 Cali-
fornia st,
WANTED— Neat girl to help In dining-room,
restaurant 200 McAllister st.
5 GIRLS to learn to watt on table; 'start with
good wages. 824 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted, $8 a Week.
631 Clay it.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes Up. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
HAIRDHESSING, manicuring, massage, hutr
work taught in 2 weeks, $4 60; positions guar-
anteed In storea and' with private customers,
$60 and $75 per month; class day and evtsn.
Ing. College 2.'13 Geary st, rooms 13-15. y '
WANTED— A few , brleht women to form
classes for study along Intereatlns; line of
thought: can be made remunerative. Box
1238, Call.
PACIFIC College. 1230 Markit. cor.. Jones and
McAllister; learn for $5; hAlrdressIng, mas-
sage, dyeing, manicuring, switches, ; etc. ; po-
' sltlons guaranteed stores and prlvate;day,eve,
YOUNG girl to learn to be developed . as a
medium. Call or. write 850 'Market, parlors
1-2, 1 to 5 and 7 to 9 p. tn.; no fakes need
- apply. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ , • ¦ / ' : - : " .
LADIES to Jearn barber* trade; only two
months required; special offer this month;
halrdreitlng taught In four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay: st.
WANTED— Able woman for Important' position
. for six months; permanent If satisfactory.
Box 1214. Call office.' ; '. ¦ -
A— SHIRTM AKERS and . finishers. KAGLE-
SON & CO..' 635 Market st. ¦
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO &.
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st. , . '
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st. ,
STARCH work Ironer; . steady work. Standard
Laundry. 1 '; 114 Hayes st. ' ¦ ¦'. '. ,
GIRL to run body Ironing machine. 'Standard
. Laundry, ;' 114 . Hayes ;. st. ' ' .'. '
GIRL to assist In housework.'! S51 Fulton st. ¦;
A GIRL for general housework; wages $20.
Call 411 Golden Gate ave. « w ,
GIRL to press children's wear; . one- who carl
, sew. . 220 Sutter, st., room 25. .
OPERATORS and ' finishers : on gents*. ; white
shirts.'. 'ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st
A '.LADY- piano - player: ',*. country roadhousa;
, • gos»d .wages. ' M. J.,box-26, St. Helena.
MILLINERY, thorough ' course. ' $1 per.. week;
- day and even.', class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
WANTED-^ Women and girls to work on fruit
- 1731 Folsom it. .:;¦ ; , ¦'-« - . ¦'-¦?> f .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and I subscriptions
received at Callibranch office.' 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call 'advertisements and
" : subscri ptlona * has •% been - established • at 1096
.Valencia st '. : -,", . :.; •;: >;•. ,
SAK FRAX CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
I BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. tn.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. xn.
315 Larkin ctreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. xn.
2361 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
cntll S b. m.
JC6 Eleventh street; open until 0 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; cpen until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOT1CES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. _ +. _
T.. S Post Et. — Special assembly THIS TEg*
(MONDAY) EVENING. at 7:30 JC3
o'clock; Order of the Temple; all fra- W
ters courteously Invited. By order of. '\^.y\;
the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and m
A. M 1839 Fillmore Bt. — Third de-
prf-f THIS EVENING at 7:30 7KX
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR, Sec. /^F'
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15, ,. I
American Association of yXaaay^,^
Masters end Tilots— Officers IBSrigTHBMaafc
p.nd members are hereby no- \$sg^^&^^^^
tilled to attend a regular If*'^^
meeting of the harbor l
THIS (MOXDAT) EVENING. June 30. Busi-
ness of importance.
W. M. RANDALL, Captain.
R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary.
MARINE Engineers' Beneficial Association No.
35 — Special meeting will be held June 30. 8
p. m. Matters of importance. All "members
must attend.
J. J. MORIARTY. President.
L. B. LISTER. Sec.
JVLY 4 FRIDAY . JULY 4 v %T
21st frrand gathering and games of 3t u£l
the San Francisco Scottish Thistle "vjCki*
Club at Shell Mound Park. Berke-
ley; all the amateur and professional chanv
plons cf the coast: pipers, dancers, vaultera.
jumpers, runners, hammer and saber throw-
• ers. quoitlng match; grand tug of war con-
test, Oakland vs. San Francisco; 4 events In
charge of the P. A. A., vaulting with pole,
half mile race, broad Jump and -350 yard
dash, for elegant and costly medals; sword
dance, reel of Tulloch, Highland fling and
grand Highland reel; men in costume; Irish
jig and reel, sailers' hornpipe; great two-
mile bicycle race and numerous other inter- .
eetlng events.
Grar.d display of fireworks at night; set
pieces, bembs, rockets and many other pieces;
the best dienlay that can be had from the
California Fireworks Company, the day"s
F.ports costing the club 5300th Buy your tick-
ets Tor Shell Mound; adults 50c, children 25c.
for flay and night; see programme. ;
GAMES COMMITTEE.
AGENTS WASTED.
EARNEST, reliable stock and Investment sales-
man to present hlgh-clasa investment to mid-
dle and better class of Investors: liberal ar-
rangements to right man. Box 1318. Call.
$5. TO $10 day easily mads selling celebrated
Perfection Flavoring Powder; agents wanted.
Call or ad. Long Bros.. 950 Broadway, Oakld.
A L/AINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream;
easily digested; a dinner however plain Is
made more enjoyable by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets. or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1206 Sutter St.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
Iso charge without success; established ltf yrs.
G. W. HOWE. $50 Market st?, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; phone Mint 865. 819 Market st.
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
<ng; private divorce a specialty. '
ADVICE tree; no charge unless successful; all
cases; cpen eves. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market
JOHN R. AITKEN. attorney at law. Room*
-09-10-11. Clunie bldg.. 503 California st
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ct. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
UK \ CLJ£> — lor Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has beet bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 3o5 Market. 1968 to 1974 Page.
&OOKS of oil kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; teL Howard 1946.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — A child to board In a private fam-
ily: references furnished. 571 Bryant st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
1 block from Market st. ; established years;
clearing above $300 per month. Call R. G.
WILKK. 2Ut$ Kearny st.
A — $365; BLACKSMITH and horseshoeing shop
acrutt- the bay; rent $12: good paying; plenty
work. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A — $350; RESTAURANT and chophouse on
O'Farr*ll st. ; good business; rent $75. Par-
tlculart. R. G. WILKE, 2t>H Kearny st.
A — $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
St.; 4 living rooms; rent $45; place estab-
lished years; in short, a good business. See
R. G. WILKE. 2(JVj Kearny st.
A— $1300; SALOON established many years,
doing a good business; clearing at least $150
per month; a good investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26U Keamy st.
A — $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny 6t. ; rent $75; a place established for
10 years and clearing at least $250 per month.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^j Kearny st
JOSEPH STRAUB! ~~
A — Mechanics' hotel: 20 rooms; rent $55; 5
years' lease; clears $150 to $200 per month.
Old established saloon and lodging-house; 14
rooms; never empty; good location.
Partner In good bakery: large trade.
Branch bakery in good locality.
Grocery and bar; good corner In the Mission.
Lodging and boarding house on Pine et.
Good paying restaurant; one block north cf
Market; on account of ill-health.
Saloon and merchants' lunch house in whole-
sale district.
Delicacy store; neighborhood of Powell and
Geary sts.
JOSEPH STRAUB. S50 Market at
I1C5O— RAILROAD hotel, 40 rooms; 3 years'
lease; rent $100.
$2500-— Saloon and 31 rooms, near Market* 2
years' lease; rent $117.
$*3J00 — Saloon, coffee and chop house 16 fur-
niched rooms; 4 years' lease.
$U.*00 — Kfeloon. fine corner, south of^Markct-
2H years' lease. ~Y^ ¦ '
$1400— Lodging house on Kearny/near Mar-
ket; 21 rooms.
Kaloon. North Beach, near large factories
Particulars. 91 ti Market St.. room 18.
$2700 CAEH buys leading delicatessen and res-
taurant in (Sacramento; location center of re- '
tall district; tiade steady and select; refer-
ences exchanged; income and reasons for sell-
ing on application; a splendid opportunity for
man and wife; correspondence solicited be-
tween now and 1st of August. Address "A,"
P. O. box MO. Sacramento. .
A 7**£ : . "ESTAURANT In one of the finest
localltlei 1 In the city: cause of selling, slck-
ness. LOONEY & CO.. 14 Third at. •
$4OO-DEL1CATESSEN .tore; must be sold'
cause of selling elcknesn; this Is really a
sacrifice. LOONEY & CO.. 14 Third Vt.
A 7fi^ : , PARTNER w * nle<1 » n >'*ht business
•ulted to plain, steady man satisfied with $18
t. a week: too much work for one to look
after. 25 Geary st.. room 4.
A 7«?r^nT W 5 bu i^ Mlt CT exch ange bust-
ness of all kinds. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third.
$350-A FIRST-CLASS Delicatessen store for
**J« On T* CC ? unt °' * lckn «««: a sacrifice; worth
$600. Inquire at 320 Sixth st.
OLD estabilvhed corner grocery and bar- Una
, flx 5 Ure "i 2 c " h «K'«tcrs: must It
fold by July 1; a bargain; owner going East-
no agents. 1122 Harrison Ft. '
l7B^. PAnT *\ E1^ wanted : Profits $250 month-
good clean business; also one-half Interest In
Und""^ A1<DEN CO - 1118 Broadway. Oai-
ROADHOUSE. 12 rooms and /bath for sale
chea». Apply M. ROTHENBERG. 423 i Kea£
FOR SALE— An old established liquor bual-
ness; good location; large stock; owner re-
tlrlng; eary terms. P. Q. box 5, Frultvale.
WANTED— 2 saloons, north of Market st • not
over $1200. 91C Market st.. room 18. '
FOR SALE — Agency of Call at Santa Cruz In-
gulre A. BODEMAN. 25 Otis at. SanU Cru°.
VANTED — 1 saloons and groceries, from $300
to $1500. 016 Market St.. room 1§. WW
ItOUTE In Western Addition: building up <iu-
trict; reasonable. Box 1782. Call.
WANTED— 1 day saloon in wholesale district-
not over $1500. 816 Market St.. room 18. '
OYSTER and chop house. 344 Third et; must
be Bold on account of departure.
WA J£7 ED — 2 saloons and merchant lunch, from
$600 to $700. 916 Market st. room 18.
T/ ANTED— 4 branch bakeries and 2 small clga~
storea. ¦ Call 010 Market st. room 18.
rx>n w>:e or rent — Restaurant with established
trade of $26 a day; owner sick. Call office.
WANTED— 1 grocery store, without bar: not
'ivcr $1200. Can 916 Market st. room 18.
TV ANTED — I laundry route and 2 coal and
wood yards. CaU 316 Market et. room 18. i
WANTED-^-9783 ......;........
...-......':.. MEN AND BOYS
. All classe of work - in all parts . California.
Utah, Nevada and Washington ;;:
." ........Wages, if.25 to $125 and found
MURRAY* & READY'S. . . . .'.634-636* Clay Vt!
............. phone Main 5848 .
..Leading Employment and- Labor Agents..
. V ...SPECIAL TO-DAY ...........:
'.'.*¦,: - : Special shlDments to-day, r- ,,'
..*.: 50UU MEN K. R. WORK
UTAH i FREE "..... UTAH
• NEVADA .........FREE NEVADA
. ".."..." Ship Free To-Day . . -
UTAH :.... .STATE .NEVADA
-• 600 teamsters, see boss here, $2 2o day; 750
• laborers, see boss at our office, $2 25 day; 600
rock men, | car dumpers, drillers, scraper
'¦ holders, etc. ; camp cook, • R. - R. Nevada, free
fare, '$(50 and found..
...........'.. - yt ........ .'.'." .
Utah.' Salt Lake Division; Reno, Vi's'ta.'wads-
worth, Cluro. Wells. Carlln, Fenelon, Lucin,
'.Clark, Rokeby, . Asti, Iron Point .....*..
'.:.....:. Free To-day. . :
Gold and Silver.. .MINES, . .Gold and Silver
Copper and Coal.. MINES.. Copper and Coal
• 8 miners,' layer , geld . mine," see boss here,
• 1 $82 50:. 3 miners, cinnabar mine, see boss |
';¦"; here, $75; 5 ' miners, south, $75; 4 miners,
shaft work,- gold mine; miner, sharpen steel.
; ,$75; 3 carmen; gold mine, north, $60; 10
- muckers, good / mine, .$75; 4 laborers, mine,
' .south.. $40 and found; 25 laborers, no experi-
ence .repaired, to work around mine, $40 to
', $50 and found; 3 laborers, good mine, no ex-
•. perience required, $C0; assayer, gold mine, see
boss here... ."f". ••••
..... ..... MECHANICAL ....:
• CARPENTERS MILLWRIGHTS
3 millwrights, sawmill Co., see boss here. $4
; day; 3 carpenters, ranch, long J6b, fare $1,
, $3 day. and found;' 6 carpenters, plain work,
country, $3 50 day; "4 carpenters, Nevada,
$90, fare: returned; 4' carpenters, city, $3 50;
, 6 boxmakers; 15 blacksmiths, shops, camps.
j ranches, sawmills and . factories, $3 day, $40
¦ -to $60 and found; blacksmith helper/ranch,
$35; blacksmith helper, sawmill, §40 and
- found; e other helpers; harness maker, ranch, j
$35 and found; 2 harness makers; ' engineer,
runVbarley thresher, « ranch, $40 and found; '
cooper, oil Co.; molder, sash weights.
•••• FRUIT PICKERS
• FRUIT PICKERS.. ;...... FRUIT PICKERS
25 men or strong boys to pick fruit no expe-
rience required; call early $26 and found
10 men and boys to cut apricots in packing
house. 18c hundred. ."
6 experienced dry yard men $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
•• Here's a Job for You
Stableman, private, ' country, $35 and found;
stableman and milk, private, see boss here,
$30 and found ;<porter, city store, $35; stable- [
man, city livery, $40 and found; gardener,
country. $30 and found; 6 young men for
planing mill. $1 60 day; coachman near city,
$35 and found; young man to drive bakery
wagon; 4 farmers and wives, $35, $45 and
found; married teamster, country. $45 and
house; 12 stablemen, hostlers and buggy
washers; IB boys to learn trades, work In fac-
tories
795 laborers for different Jobs In all parts
. of California; wages $2 to $2 50 day
10 laborers, factory.... $175. $2 day
67 teamsters, city and country.$2 to $225 day
.... AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT ....
75 hay and harvest hands. $1 25. $150 to $2
day; 33 farm .hands, steady jobs, $30; 0 team-
/sters, fruit farm, $30 and found; hay balers:
. 12 teamsters on one of the largest farms in
' California, steady Job, $30 and found
73 milkers, $35 and $40; 6 milkers. Northern
California, $35, fare paid; 3 milkers. Ore-
gon, fare paid; cheesemaker, . $40 and found:
cheesemaker, factory; man to learn to make
cheese....... ¦
32 choremen. $25 and $30 and found; 16 chore-
boys; boy to drive power for press, $32 and
found -.
...' ... . TO THE MOUNTAINS
Healthy climate Good wages
FARE PAID
• Sawmills Yard Woods
760 willing men to work in sawmills, yards,
ahd woods, piling lumber, icarn to run ma-
chines, legging; no experience required,
You'll do... .Wages $3Q to $60 and found....
25 lumber pliers, $40 and ..found; 67 Jobs for
experienced sawmill men
, HOTELS
BAKERS CAMP COOKS
Camp cook, railroad, Nevada, free fare. $60
and found; 16 camp and ranch cooks. $35 to
$50 and found; 15 cooks, hotels and restaur-
ants, $40 to $C0 ' and found ; second cook,
¦ mine, $40; cook. Arizona, fare paid; 25 wait-
ers, $25. $30 and $40 and found; 37 kitchen
hands, dishwashers, etc. ;. rorters*, bellboys,
elevator boys; 4 butchers: 3 bakers, hotels;
5 bakers, country shops, $50 and found; third
bakers, country shop; bakers' helpers
, rs Get one of our daily lists
Issued every mornln* 7 a. m
MURRAY & READY 634-C36 Clay st
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE UTAH AND NEVADA
600 teamsters and rockmen, $2 25 to $2 50 day
FREE FREE
SPECIAL SHIPMENT FREE FARE
FREE FARE TO MENDOCINO. CO.
100 men for sawmills and lumber woods, $26
to $05 per month and board;. 50 railroad la-
borers, big sawmill co. ; free fare, to-day....
5 carpenters' helpers, country. .$2 25 per day
10 lumber pliers $40*per month and board
20 woodsmen. $40 to $(50 per month and board
- 20 concrete men, near city. ...$2 25 per day
5 men to hoe beans $125 per day
10 hay and harvest hands $2 per day
3 men to cultivate beans. .. .$32 50 per month
3 general ranch hands ..;... $32 50 per month
10 fruit pickers $1. per day and board
Man and wife, man 'general ranch work, wife
to cook for 5 men, full charge, steady year
round $45 per month
Graphite miner $2 50 per day
4 cut-off sawyers, city mill . .'
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third st
LAUNDRYMAN for Institution. $40 and found;
6-hor8e teamster, $50 and found; 600 labor-
ers for different kinds work, $1 75, $2 and
$2 50 day; 4 woodchoppers, $1 50 cord; 10
milkers. $30. $35 and $40 and found; stable-
men; can washer, $30 and found; 4 black-
smiths. $45 nnd board and $2 60, $3 and $3 60
day; blacksmiths' helpers, $40 and board and
$2 25 day; men and wives, $40 and $50 and
found; and many others; and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramenro st.
2 COOKS and wives, $15 and $U5; cook,
country hotel, $50; 3 waiters and wives for
hotels and resorts. $40 an I $50; baker. $11
week and found; extra waiters for 4th July,
hotels and restaurants; waiters, dlshwushurs,
second cooks, kitchen mon and-othen. J. F.
, CROSETT & CO., IS2S Sacramento at
AT C. R. HANSEN & c6T'S 429 Bush st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Crew, summer resort, 1st, 2d baker. .... .$180
-Baker and pastry cook, summer hotel.... $60
- Head cook, aprlngs ..*75
Head cook, country hotel $70
2d and 3d rook, eating house, Arizona. $o0-$:!0
2d cooks, broilers, fryers $50-$70
- Dishwashers and kitchen hands.. $35-fU0-$'J3
Restaurant steward $tto
2 restaurant waiters, country $lo
6 waiters, country hotels $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 429 Bush st.
Opposite ' California Hotet, bet. Kcarny and
Grant ave. ¦ • ¦
ANDRE'S Office, 31B Stockton st— Gardener,
plain work, country, $."0 and found; stable-
man and milk cows, $30; iarmer. $30; man
tc do chores, wtfe to cook, private placo,
country, $45; driver for grocery wagon, $.15;
German barkeeper, $36 ¦ and board ; porter,
$25; glnsn pantryman, $26; washer, sttam
laundry. $35; etc. . .
A— HOTErToAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12
Clerk, $15; bell boy, $16; waiter. $30.
WANTED— By E. B. & A. L. STONE CO. team,
sters and laborers for R. R. work In Nevada;
free fare; ship at 6:15 p. m, Mon., Wed. and
Frl.; four-horse aklnners, S2 25 per day; la-
borers, $2 per day; board, $5 25 per week. H«-
port with blankets at 9uO Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED Immediately— Young, experienced
man us entry clerk In wholesale commission
house; state experience with references. P.
O.box 2187. city. . . ,
WANTED — Competent bookkeeper; references
required of being thoroughly reliable and
trustworthy. Apply Tho Royal Shoe Store,
' 60 Third st. \ .'
ERRAND boy"! R. J. WATERS & CO.. 3
"Hardle place, -off Kearny st., bet Sutter and
Bush. .¦ " . ¦
WANTED— Steady, reliable man In real estate
. office; one % ho han h«u. aome experience pre-
ferred. 1.UND1N & CO.. 31S Kenrny st.
WAITERS wanted tn small restaurant. '310
Third »t, ¦•¦¦'-
RESTAURANTS, waiters, cooks, butcher, por-
, ters, dishwashers; no fee. 520 Montgomery st
WANTED — Honest man with $75; take cash In
restaurant, . *50 mo. BROWN. 1221 Market.
WANTED— Reliable man with ! $125; cigar
store. $60 mo.; no exp. Brown, 1221 Market.
BARBER— Good steady man. 307 McAllister
.'; street. ¦'¦¦:?. y. ' . ; . ' : . • . \_
2 LUNCH waiters wanted. 434 Fifth st.
WANTED — Young man to make himself useful
In an • oyster , house. 2801 Folsom st.
A GOOD night cook wanted. 134 Third ; st.
WANTED— A lunch waiter and a. dishwasher
,'.:at 560 Howard st. .. ;¦¦ ~._... , .
NIGHT cashier to make himself useful. 20
¦Stockton st. - . • ¦ : . - .
STRONG young man to work In furniture store
1123 Market st; references; $9.' ,
VEGETABLEMAN wanted. . 631 Clay et
WANTED— A young man as beer tapper. 1C53
-Market st. . - ¦ ¦ , ¦ •
YOUNG man in ' grocery and !to drive • delivery
.-wagon. .435 Third st. r corner Silver. , :
WANTED — Young man who Is an ¦ experienced
¦:• dryi goods! wrapper. •> Apply bet.' 8 and 11
a/a/m. at HALE BROS'. ;. :,
WANTED-^A'i practical printer to take . charge
¦ of -department In stationer's
¦. store. ¦ : Box 1217. s Call office.
-..¦¦¦-.¦¦¦ J .- ¦ .9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUKE 30, 1902,
RE AI* ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
¦ Oscar Heyman to Leon Snyder, lot on NE
line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 125 SE . of P
street, SE 50 by NE' 100, lots 18 and- 19, block
P21. Haley Purchase; $10.
• Home Building Company to Continental
Building and. Loan Association, slot on E line
of .Victoria' street, 200 N 4 of Palmetto (Railroad
avenue), N 50 by E 100, lots 13 and 14, block
40, City Land Association; $10.
I ' Peter W. Blum to Lizzia' A. Merralls, lot 25,
block 41, Sunnyside; $10..
Charles' E. and Matilda Geiger to John B.
Kleebaucr, lot on N line, of Flood avenue, 125
E of Detroit street, E 25 by N. 112:6, lot 13,
block 35, Sunnyside Homestead; $100:
: McCarthy Company (corporation) to Robert
L. and Rose T. Logan, let on E line of Steiner
street, 100 S from Union, S 25 by G 118:9; $10.
: William A. . Frederick to Mary J." Claasen,
lot on NW corner of Seventeenth 'and Sanchez
Streets, W 30 by N 91:6; $10.=
George J.; Wagner to Henry Sipple, lot on W
line of Diamond street, 60 N from Twenty
fifth. N 24 by,W SO; $1100.' . V : " ¦'¦'
Jay Lugsdin to Jane M. Lugsdin, lot on S
line of O'Farrell street, .112:6 E from Powell,
E 25 by S 137:6; rift. .
. Elizabeth W. Humphrey (wife of C. F.) and
Loretta and Henry Macdonald to ¦ Robert Gib
son, lot on N line* of California street, 75 E
trom Lai-kin. E 25 by N 71:10; $10.
- Jacob Heyman Company to'li. B. Kimball.
lot on E line of Forty-sixth avenue, 150 S
from K street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
; Carl P. and Grelte . Peterson to Edward F.
Payne, lot. on SE corner of Powhattan and An
derson streets, E 70 by S 25. lot 284, Gift Map
1; $10.
Alfred T. and Lottie B. Pannell to Fred J.
Fargo, lot on SB corner of Brazil and Moscow
streets, E 100 by S 50, block 82, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Bartholomew Welch to Mary Hurley (wife of
John), Catherine Brice (wife of George).. Jo
hanna German (wife of Frame) and Elizabeth
Relnhardt (wife of Alfred), lot on NW corner
of Noe and Laidley. streets, N 118:111,4, W
lll:6iA. SE 163:0%,. lot 1, block 23, Fairmount;
gift, " ¦ . ¦..-¦-
Jacob Heyman Company to Esaias E. Ny
lander, lot on S line of Alvarado street, 240
E from Hoffman avenue, E 25 by S 118, lot 8S,
Heyman Tract; $10. /
BuildersV Contracts.
Julius Radston. Julia Lauter and Llllie Ash
er downers) with Petterson & ; Persson (con
tractors), architect William Mooser —^All work
except plumbing, gasfltting, sewering, heating,
painting anfl electrical work and elevator for a
flve-story and basement brick building on. N
line of Turk street, S7:6 E of Leavenworth, E
25 by N 137:6; total, $23,730. . ¦ , ¦--.".
¦ Same owners wjth H. Williamson Company
(contractors), architects I same — Sewering,
plumbing and gasfltting for saroe on same; to
tal. $2100. .
Same owners with Electrical Engineering
'Company (contractors), architects same — One
passenger elevator oh same; total, $2200.
- . _-¦ » ? ¦
Weather Report. -
"(120tli Meridian— Pacific Time.) — ;- Ht
3AN FRANCISCO, June 20—5 p. i m.
' THE COAST RECORD.
W " • ¦"- S S o • . a ,.V J
; STATIONS. .||| 1| ft |° I
'i ¦'• ¦ . • C C .»»••..• s
-. • n ¦¦**•'¦' • '
I o o i ¦ . . , \
Astoria '...;-. .30.12 68 .'. NW , Pt Cldy .00
Baker' ...29.82 70 54 NW Cloudy .00
Carson .......29.98 78 44 W Clear .00
Eureka' ..29.06 60 54 NW Clear .00
Fresno .29.50 102 62 NW ' Clear .00
Flagstaff .....29.70 80 38 SW Clear » .00
PocateJlc, Ida.29.72 74 48 S Pt Cldy T.
Independence 29.54' 92 60 E Clear .00
1»9 Angeles.. 29. 80 76 68 SW Clear .00
Phoenix ......29.58 102 66 N Clear .00
Portland 29.98 72 56 NW. Clear T.
Red Bluff 2f>,62 3 v 96 74 N ' Clear;. '.W
Roseburg . .. ..29:90" 74: '5d' w NW "Clear^* .00
Sacramento ..20.62 frl 60 SW Clear ,00
Salt Lake..... 29. 70 78 48 S Pt Cldy .00
Ban Franclsco.29.72 72 54 SW ¦ Clear .00
S..L. Obi»po..2».82. 74. 43.' S- -' Pt Cldy- . 00
San Diego 29.80 64 : 60" SW Pt Cldy .00
Seattle .30.04 -68,54 N Pt Cldy .08
Spokane .... .29.80 r74 5S NEl Pt Cldy .02
Neah Bay.... 30.04 60 52 W - Pt Cldy .08
Walla Walla. .29.80 78 60 W Pt Cldr .00
Wlnnemucca .29.64 82 50 NW Cloudy .00
Yum;: ...29.58 102,. -70 S ., Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a."' m.,' 54 degrees. .,-
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
j Generally cloudy .weather prevails over the
northwestern portion of the country; els'ewhere
fair weather prevails. Light showers have
fallen in - portions of Washington and - Oregon,
and a thunderstorm is reported at Spokane. '
The pressure has risen along the northwest
coast : and fallen over the plateau region. An
area of low pressure overlies Southern Nevada
and Southeastern California. An area of high
pressure Is central off the Washington coast.
The temperature has risen over, the Rocky
Mountain and. plateau .regions and fallen ia
Eastern Washington. In other districts the
changes have been slight.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June SO":
Northern . California — Fair Monday; fresh
variable winds In the interior, brisk ivesterly
winds on" the coast. *
Southern California — Partly cloudy Monday
fresh weet wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday
brisk westerly wind; probably fog ' 'Monday
night.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
.'.- . . ¦ — • ? ¦ ¦ -
HOTEL ABRIVALS.'
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J , Thorp. Spokane
O F Delhi. Vallejo .
J C Gribblin. Vallejo
J Vierra, . Monterey .'
J Mulroy, Ingleslde ,
fl E Chick, Wyoming
M H Maly, Manila .
J W Knopp, Vallejo
G W Haddan, Vallejo
J W.Wlldman, Indiana
C R Joyner, Indiana
T W McLean party.
Eureka
G W Condon & dau.Cal
W C Morgan, Ptland
F F Smith, Arizona
J Wakon,- Indiana
W L Cherry, Sacto
J W Dumas, Fresno
REAL ESTATE— CIT V—FOR SALE.
EASTON/ ELDRIDGE^A CO..
* MARKET STREET.
AUCTION.
Auction,
auction.
TUESDAY ... v .....: ....Julyl. l'J02
At Our Salesroom, \No. W3S Market tjtreet.
A% VI OJclock Noon,'
GRAXD'BUSlKESS CORNER.
¦ Northwest corner 18th and Guerrero utg. ; cne
of the bc-Et transier .corners in the city; -i
stores und 2 fiats, v-is rooms and batU ; rents
flboo under leave; '<te_ant • pays the water;
lease rues for 3J$ y^ars; lot 27xS0 feet. ¦
MODERN' WESrfEiiN ADDITION FLATS.
South _r.1(i«C Ovos. 212»-S11*«^) Ueary St., 100
feet eas.t of DeyisadeixA Bt. ; 'i substantial ex-
tra well built Hate of i; moms bath and high
basement; rents *7»a per unnum; lot 2«xiaV:0
lueu
SILVER STREET FLATS.
Northwest side (Nos. fc-10) Silver st., 60 feet
southwest of Und st. ; improvements consist of
4 flats, which at a email expense could be made
to pay big; key lot from ind st. 52x70, more
or less. .' _T ¦-_ "
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
North side (No. 2314) Clay St., 200:8 feet
west of Buchanan St.; an elegant dwelling. 8
rooms, porcelain bath, basement and attle; but-
ler's pantry, pantry closet; modern plumbing;
lot 27x127 :S»i feet.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East elde (No. 3241) Mission St.. 176:7 feet
south of Fair ave. ; house 5 rooms, at the Junc-
tion of Valencia and Mission sts.; large lot,
«3:llxlS3;ts feet.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 24) Doriand St.. 208 feet w.st
of Guerrero st.; modern, well-built bay-window
lesldenee of 8 rooms, bath and large basement,
etc.; rente ?3G0 per annum; lot 25:8x115 feet to
• ear ptreet. >¦ .'' '-v
HAIGHT STREET RESIDENCE. .
South line (No. 1011) Haight St., 120 feet
west of Broderick st.; modern residence. S
Urge sunny rooms, bath and finished basement;
lot 25x120.
KEARNY STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Southwest corner of Kearny and Greenwich
ets.; 9 houses renting for $10S0 per annum;
erand lot. 87:6x112:6. with L 25x50 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS. V ; :'
North line of 24th et.. 240 feet west of Cas-
tro Bt.. 6 extra wide building lots in one of the
test portions of the Mission; 24th st. frontage
is prospective business property; entire size of
lot S0x22S, through to Elizabeth St.; 24th-st.
electric cars pass the property.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT.
West line of 2nd ave., 250 feet south of Clem-
ent st. ; fine large lot. level and ready for build-
ing; large lot, 32x120 feet
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET STREET.
(4850— AT a sacrifice: lot 20x124 feet: on Oc-
tavia et.. near Vallejo; Improvements mod-
ern 2-stcry house of 7 rooms and bath: on
sunny side of street; marine view; owner
will sell at the above low figure to get out
• of debt; mortgage S3200 at « per cent to
bank, which can stand. Apply R. McCOL-
GAN, 24 Montgomery St., rocm 3.
fl250-^COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath.; large yard.
(2300 — New cottage, 4 rooms atad bath; one
block from cars. : ¦ I
$800 — Cottage of 4 rooms on *ar line. '
AH on easy terms. Inqu/re D. COFFIN.
3303 Mission st. -^.~\.
LOTS" wanted to r_?chase nortl\ of Vaalejo to
b " d r y>'Wforn Hyde to LyVsj sts. W..J.
P,^ % 'jxXO California st. (Savings Unica
t>iag-)t Montgomery and I^earny.
A <~OR5f ER wanted to purchase, on V'allejo,
GreenT Union or Filbert, between Vah Nes3
?.V?i-r nii Lyon tt ; Improved or vacant JW- 'J
G .^ N N'. M0 California st. (Savings ,X r nion
P>ogp. between Montgomery and Kegfrny.
¦^^J^IDENCE wanted to purchase. t north of
£ ro *idway, of moderate price, between Van
£t/s ave. and Lyon st. W. J. GUN'N. 530
_yilfoinia st. (Savings Union bldg.). j
*X>U will never secure ! a " suburban • noise in
/ sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
r tages and fcnildlnp lots at a bargain THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
NEW 7-room cottage for sale; all modern im-
prcvements throughout; must be sold: elec-
tric lights. Apply 233 Prectta ave.. Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pottage paid.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For "kale
CHANCE TO BUY RIGHT .
on the peninsula. . . J Jl.~ •
We are authorized to sell
the rich acres of Redwood Farm.
| Pretty 5-acre homes
amid great oaks. ' .
i Five minutes' walk from new depot
at Redwood City. San Mateo County.
Near Stanford University.
5-acre lots only $1250 to $1375.
lH-acre lots $340 to $450, all corners.
Double track electric road -. ¦¦:.-¦;
now building. ¦ .< -
In 20 years you have- not
heard of such a chance
to get such* property.
The kind of property you ought to own. "
Buy now at firet cost.
Urge your friends to. also.
- This Is a snap. - ' ¦
Terms half cash.
Call or eend for catalogue to-day.
WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOMERY,
C34 Market street '
A GOOD opportunity to secure a fine, country
home, % mile from Sonoma City, Cal.;
32% acres, all Improved In grapes, fruit, hay.
grain, etc.; everything to go with the place;
will be sold at a bargain to close estate.
For full particulars apply to owners, M.
JOOST & BRO.. 600 to 618 Gough st., San
Francisco. Cal.
• FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO — —
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.. future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for
pamphlet and information.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties: land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Hayward bldg.,
San Francisco.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim- I
ber. mines. EMMONS & SON, Mills bldg. ' :
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster, Whitton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
Write Wells, Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
list of bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in tie
United States or Canada one year for fl.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — A good improved stock ranch, con-
taining 40<X> or 5000 head of cattle. Ad-
dress box 1220, Call office.
TO buy or lease — Poultry farm or a suitable
site in San Mateo Co. Box 1302, Call office.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
• ty. 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark. Agua Callente. Sonoma Valley.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^;
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, rent' or exchange — An elegant 8-
room. modern house, all conveniences; line
corner lot; best locality; a great .bargain;
S-KKM). ...
Must be sold: a large 8-room house; lot 60x
150; near Chestnut-st. station. See the above
this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY, 1500 Park st., Alameda. N
$1000— HOUSE No. 317 Central ave., near En-
clnal staUon, narrow gauge, 4 rooms and
bawsment; lot 25x148; key at No. 915; terms
$100 down, $15 monthly. CHAS. A. BAILEY.
322 Montgomery St.. S. F. • • • -.
BERKELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. > ;
LOT. cor. King and Prince sts., 80x120; cheap.
Call at 506 Castro St., S. F.
COTTAGE— « rooms, modem convenience, bath,
etc.: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
OAKLAND ADVERTiSEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE. ¦' ~ *
$3000, mortgage $1000, two-story cottage, nine
rooms, bath, laundry; easily, changed to two
tenements; shop; pleasant grounds; near
school, churches, .cars; good neighborhood;
lot 64x125; north side street, . Inquire at
• premises, 1622 Ninth et., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LBT.
4 FURNISHED rooms and bith. 1G08 23d~ave^
E. Oakland; references exchanged.
O^KLANIJ_FUUNITCRjB^FO|r SALE.
FURNITURE- good -and chean this -month. - H.
SCHELLHAAS, 105 Eleventh St.. Oakland. .
¦ Mrs. G. '. Brlce, Mrs.'- F. . Gorman ' and; Mrs. ;A.
; Relnhardt, a native, of Ireland, a$ed KJ
: years.- ¦'¦ .'-....- • '•"•¦ ¦¦'.-. ._;.-.. . : ' : -
'-; CTFrlends.and acquaintances are ".respect-.
. fully - invited to ! attend the • funeral .to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, : from the residence of
his ¦ daushter, Mrs. 'F. Gorman. -3562' Mis-
sion "Street, thence to St. Paul's Church for
¦services at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Crpss Cemetery. .
CARD OF THANKS. .
STREHL — We herewith desire to express our
-heartfelt- thanks and .appreciation to the
many friends for , their kindness and com-
: '. fortlng Bympathy extended to us In the sad
hours .. of . our bereavement of . lovlnK wife
and "mother,* Mrs." Mary Strehl.' . .
: CHARLES STREHL- AND FAMILY.
. OCEAKT .TRAVEL.
U. S. mfllL ROUTE,
ipP*^ - SAILINGS/ -
:^ NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch^ its first- class steamers, carrying
United States , malls, for. •
NOME and ST. fVIICHAEL DIRECT
. , Ab Follows :
From San Francisco-
S. S. ' PORTLAND ..:...... About July 5
S. S. ST. PAUL About July 10
From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO ............................July 2
S.:S. INDIANA. ........... July 28
- Connecting ' at - Nome * with steamer Saidie.
carrying United ' States mall; ' for . Teller and
Candle Creek; and steamer' Dora for Bluff City,
Golovntn and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael .with the company's river steamers for
Dawson, Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
; For freight and baggage apply -to
:'.;.- NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
¦ 645 Market st., San Francisco.
' . Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Puget Sound -, Agent, Seattle, Wash. .
im KISEN KAISHI
STEAMERS -WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m •
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <HIogo), Nagasaki and." Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. - - '¦' . .
SS.*^ HONGKONG , MARU ...:..'.....,.
.... . . . :..... ... v; .Saturday, June. 28. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU ..'. Thursday, -July 24. 19O-'
SS. AMERICA MARU. .. ... :...:... .... .. - "
- .' . ." .". ........... .Saturday, -August 16, 1002
Hound-trip"- = tickets* at reduced \ rates. For
freight , and passage apply : at . company' s office,
<21 Market street, corner ' First. N <
V, •¦¦:¦.:':; W. H. A VERY." Agent.. -
BS. SONOMAj for Honolulu,' Samoa, Auckland -'.
•¦•' and; Sydney. .'..Thursday,' July 3, 10 a. m.
SS.' ALAMEDA/f or Honolulu ......";....... ... .
' .:..;..•..•. ...~v. .V. Saturday,;- July 12..2 p. m
SS.' AUSTRALIA) ; for Tahiti . . .:...;
" '..;.;. ...... .....Tuesday,; July 15,10 a. m.
J. H^5PRICmS &BR0S.C0.,&3HSral A2J3.-, 329Mamt
Ba'l^ass.' Office.; 643 Market SL.'Pier Ho. ; 7. Pacllteit '.
¦TRETTY Ktore to \et\ 3 living rooms! 153(1
¦k Church si.; call afternoons; take Mission
____ > nd Twe&ty-ninth-st. car.
_Hfr.GE Ftore with high bsFetn-fit. fronting on
mf. 2 tU.: txlow Kearny Et. 130 f fay st.. room 1.
Ilk PALMISTRY.
HllOOL of Paln>tr>-. S18 Taylor et. ; readings
¦|allr. J-5; free demonstration every Tuesday
¦¦¦cver.ing 8 o'clock.
G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. TOO
ft., corner cf Jones: phone Polk S3".
1T~ I'EllSONALS. "
I li- your fcalr is falling, pend for DrT G^ S.
: MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
r>,- remedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to prow on bald heads - A positlva
cure for foitffia; preparation sent to all parts
of the world: call or Bend for circular. DR.
k G. 6. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell et. S. F.
* . AN elejrant line of remnants for suits to order
MS $15; with these euits we make an extra pair
»*»of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
i menu. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
f fc «t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
,*£LECTRIC light in every room— Wincheiter
• Hrtei. 44 Third ft., near Market: 700 rooms
25c to fl 50 per night; $1 60 to (6 per week;
free "bus end baggage to aad from the ferry.
WTGS, switches and all kinds of hair work;
hair dressing. 25c; shampooing. 50c; scalp
___^_tmenty. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton et.
A ~ W HAT do you tijlnk? O. BEHMAN. 4d
«-i.i«, rnskfs colored shirts to order; $1 each;
. ca g*€ as »-hiU 6hirts; selection .TOO patterns.
MONEy to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
cittnonds, pearls end precious t-toncs bought
I J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
¦_KUXKENNE£S. morphins and Ml drujr dlf-
__»aEes pofcitlvely cured by The Willow Bark
¦l^^lSSa Polk gt.. S. F.: consultation fre«.
HBKITE ecam»I iron beds, single, three-quarter
WMf* ficuble. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
Stockton 6t., near Broadway.
¦ OV»" ready— June styles Standard Patterns;
\f ?»'» t ' lc newest designs for summer goods. J.
jLJ!lLji VAys . :(C1 Market ft., near Sixth.
AT j 'es then c<^st. uncalled-for cults, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoc
taller. 721 Market st.
__-*PERfxa;oL"S hair and moles destroyed with ,
g^^5_tric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter «t.
¦fT* 3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
m '*r Price Hatters. S3Q Kearny gt.. ntar Pine.
K^iE SUITi. S10; drees pants. ?2 75. MISFIT
gU-OTmy" PARLORS. 457 Montsogiery eU
RexsatioXAL book free for men; postage 2
cents. ¦ WILLIAMS & CO.. 140 Geary St.
( ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
W^f__if£ls: masquerades eupplied. 26 O'FarreK.
F^f^'A restores the eyes and ears to health.
Ig2l d _ by A-ViDA CO.. 7C3 Valencia, cor. 13th.
__UPERFLVOUS hair, mcles. etc., permanently
y re -noved. electric needle. Mrs.Cook.42C Sutter.
RUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fi-jcllty Rupture Cure, 2C% Kearny.
TAILOB-MADE euits, 57 50; dress pants, $2 50.
JTjif^t Clr.thiag Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupost.
J^- E P TR IC needle tpeclallst: superfluous hair
a.r.d moi* y gestroyed. Mrs.H.Ea.ton.427 Sutter.
I'ie Brings — Superfluous h2:r. moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 253.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mcles removed by
«!ectric r.eedle.Pr.& Mrs-Traverse. 1 1 70Ma rke t.
*K5fK5? Egj-ptian Henna: restores gray
_ h|lr u> -its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ON 4 MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
-.r.ftantly; 1Q C and :>X-c. All druggists.
»r' SP ti :P »^- a ; n^ ccnsUpatlon cured; box free.
| c - "• ROTtAN. North Milwaukee. Wl>.
, MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wig*-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, tht
bet-t ccrn cure. 25c: all drue-glsts.
PHYSICIAAS AXU SCBCEO^S.
RUPTURE and piles curedT'no pay until cured-
nc operation; no detention from business* all
private- diseases treated succeesfully; consul-
t«.:lon free. Drs. Forden & Porter6eld.6Tuiy
K52Si;S ODOXNELL— Office and resident
k^C^.u, Market st.. bet- Sixth and Sevent_^ e '
c^ curtd by absorption: rpcta'V!"^
»^utcperatlon. Vr. Ball.__aiff«fT i .*
j^^ — — — _ ._ fKTZ l n Market st.
9_k,
r*r-*-ived at the Bureau of
¦Vccounts, Navy Department,
\ '"•• until 12 o'clock noon.
BBnd publicly opened immedi-
_ , I to furnish at the navy yard,
\ .. a quantity of nuts, rivets,
Hfinfrs. iiardware, wire, locks,
HnSSleathr-r, lumber, drills, braas,
HVcft lead, steel, tin. millboard,
Mnf\ zinc, ehellac. oil, pipe fittings,
j ->, oars, Etatlonery, tools, sand-
Hnge5. projector, generating sets,
B^ steel pluteg. machine tools, floor {
'} \ j labor and material for crude oil '
: , I r.t. Blank proposals .will be fur-
¦"¦ t : application to the bureau or to
BP'ay Olflce, San Francisco. Cal. A. j
_IL Paymaster General U.S.N.tt- 17-02
EH or Subsistence Supnlles: Offlco
; | ir.c Commissary, San Francisco,
¦'¦ JlO. 1902 — Sealed proposals for fur-
IHkl delivering of such Quantities of
¦ euppliea, delivered at such wharf
HBreliouses in San Francisco, Cal.,
HO Jar to be seen at this office, will
¦P^a hers until 11 o'clock a. m., Tue3-
1. 1302, end opened immediately
BBfreafter in presence of bidders. Speclfica-
Hons, general instruction to bidders and
Hank form of proposal will be furnished to
dealers on application to W. ¦ H.
¦PaLDT\"U> t . Major. Commissary, U. 6.
rXnay. Purchasing Commissary.
Y~'- DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
OFFiCE of the HIbernia Sai-lngs and Loan
', Society, corner Market, McAllister and
; Jor.« sts., San Francisco, June 27, 1902. — At
r a regular meeting of th* board of directors
tf of this society, held this day, a dividend has
B_>ieen -Jeclared at the rate of three and one
HWK^hth <.'i : 4) per cent per annum on all de- '¦
Mrpos\xs for the six months ending June SO,
_# 19C2, free from all taxes and payable on and
9 after July 1. 1902.
' ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
y_— ' — ¦ — .
_E_t\*INGS and Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
_H|t., corner of Sutter — The Beard of Directors
HZdeclared a dividend 'or the term ending June
H.'iO, 1902, at the rate of three and one-eighth
Hu3U) Per cent per enirum on all deposits, free
HiM taxes and payable on and after July 1,
Dividends not called for are added to
L and bear the same rate of dividend as the
principal from and after July 1, 1002. CY-
RUS __. CARMANY. Cashier.
CALIFORNIA 6afe Deposit and Trust Compa- '
ay. corner cf California and Montgomery sts.
.—For the six months ending June 30. 1902, \
dividends have been declared on deposits in
the savings depart -tent of this company as
rollow»; On term> deposits at the rate of i
. . 2 6-KTper cent per annum, and on ordinary ,
f deposits at th* rate of 3 per cent per annum,
free of taxes and payable on and after Tues- :
day. July 1. 1902. Dividends uncalled for are
added to the principal after July i. 1902. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
Bean francisco savings union. 87fJ>y-
~ fornia et.. cor. of Webb — For the ha'lfS»«.ar
fc ending wjth the 30th of June, 1902, a dlvl-
I Cecd has been declared at the rate per an-
\ nua cf three and forty-two one-bundredths
I (3 42-100j per cent on term deposits, and
( three (o) per cent on ordinary deposits, free
< '. taxes, payable on and after Tuesday July
- )L 1902. LOVELL WHITE. Cat '.*r.
'?IVIDEND XOTICE — Security Savings Bank,
' T22 Montgomery Et.. Mills building; for ti.e
.¦half year ending June 30, 1902, dividends on
[ 'term deposits at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on
J ordinary deposits at the rate of three (3) per
Sr <<r.i per annum, free of taxes, will be pay-
S__t".e on and after July 1, 1902. '
_y FP>ED W. RAY, Secretary.
KnDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
B Baa Francisco, 33 Post Ft. For the half
J year ending June 30, 1902, a dividend has
I been declared at the rate of three (3) per
I cent p«r annum on all deposits, free of taxes,
\ payable on and after Tuesday, July 1, 1902.
W GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
Uhl German Savings and Loan Society. P26
x California st. — For the half year ending with
T June 30. U02. a dividend has been declared
K.et the rate of three <3) per cent per annum
* «n all a«-poeits, free of taxes, payable on and
f efter Tuesday, July 1. 1902. GEORGE
—1 TOURN'Y. SecrcUry.
RoNTINENTAL BulldinK and Loan Aesocia-
f Ucn. No. SOI California Bt.. for the year end-
| Ing June 30. l»02, has declared a dividend
¦ of 5 per cent on ordinary deposits, 6 per cent
'¦¦\ <^» term riepoeits and 8 per cent on install-
j ent stock. WM. CORBIN. SecreUry and
¦ - eneral manager.
1 "MBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
j .Jeary et. — The directors iiave declared a
i dividend of 3 ner cent per annum on its de-
» " oslt£, payable on and after July 1, 1902.
¦ * '\ ERVT wi»»vt>.. Secretary.
I MRKET-ST. location; floor 45x120. H.
J yiTH. 25 Market St.
i .¦AIARKET-ST. location; floor 45x60. H.
I X. EMITH. 25 Market ct. - - -
T VPE Wit ITE n S AND SUPPLIES.
HHEAT EXprGTlX^"TN^TYPEWRITERS^W^ '¦
¦J etll better machines f*r less money than any
¦ hotse in the city: rentals $3. Th« Typewriter
B|"")i urn n California; telephone Main 266.
Blfc.ii HA N'D ty;>ewriteng sold, rented, repaired.
Ijjgycbfti-.r Tyr^.-'-.-rlif-r Inf.^o. Co., 200 Sanrome.
J^2_K UTl ITI
EXPERT typev.ritlne. 4c folio: covtem^ic:'m\m-
B^eocra^biag. «h_ 7 u_ r k t^ rm.SOo; Howard 1533.
¦ beloved husband of Rosa Arendt, 'and father
of Jerome H.; and Alfred Arendt. a. native
- of Germany, aged C(>. years l; month .and, 24
days; • ¦ ¦ ";• •- • ' ; ¦; \ .-. . , ¦ \ . . -. .- >.•
' \ C Friends and'- acquaintances are respect-
fully,invltgd tc( attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),- at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Timple, corner Poet and Montgomery streets.
. Iuterment Home of Peace Cemetery, by .11:30
. ; o'clock ¦ train from Third, and TownsemT
'¦ streets.' , . .-;. ¦ . • ¦ ,
BUCHANAN— In". the Citv and .County Hospi-
tal, June 29, 1902, John M. Buchanan, a
¦-native of New York, aged 46 years.- '• .'
DALY--In thlB city, June 29, 10O2, "James M.,
dearly beloved: son of Mary. A. Daly and the
late John C: Daly, and -brother of John C.
and .Frank J. Daly. Mrs. H. Groth and
Kitty, Maggie and Lena Daly, a native of
: San Francisco, aced 26 years 7 months and
...14 daj-8. ;¦ -,;,-..¦ / '. - • "' • V '
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), .at 8:30 o'clock, from his "late
residence, 45« Bryant street, thence, to St.
Brendan's Church, -where a solemn requiem
.mass will. be celebrated for the repose of hia
•oul,- commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
•Holy Croes Cemetery. . . •' . .
DAZEY— In Oakland, June SO.r 1902, Medora
D., beloved. wife of G. A. Dazey, and mother
of Frances Medora' Kendal and Anna IJ-
Dazey, a native of Nashville, Tenn., aged 47
years 1 month and 20 days. • •
FLYNN — In' i Oakland, June 29, 1802, Liicy
: Flynn, beloved. ' -yrife '.- of . the late Andrew
Flynn. and' mother of Mary, Lucy, Andrew,
Fannie . and . La^Tence Flynn, a native pf
County Wicklow,' Ireland, aged 50 years. ¦
(C^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 1, 1903, at 9:30 o'clock, from- her late
residence, 1405 Eleventh street,' "thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem . mass
wfli.be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St,
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
FOLEY— In this city, June. 29, 1902,' Nellie
Foley, beloved daughter of the late John and |
Margaret Foley. and sister of- Eugene Foley
and the late Mrs. M. Hewitt and John, Pat-
rick, Michael, William and Frank Foley, a
native of- San Francisco. : ¦ : . -
E7"Remains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street.
FREESE-^-In this city, June 28/ 1002, Walter
A., beloved son of A. C. and Catharine M.
Freese, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years' 1 month and 10 days. . -
ICT'The funeral will take place from the
family residence. 812» Fell ' street, Monday,
June 30, at 1 o'clock. Interment ¦ private.
GARDANOWSKY— In this city, June 29, 1902,
Edwina Marian, beloved infant daughter of
Albert and Mabel Gardanowsky,' a native of
San Francisco, aged 11 months and 7 days. •
GREELEY — In, this city, June 28,' 1902. Hono-
ra, beloved wife of the ¦ late John Greeley, j
• mother of Mamie, Dora, John, Nellie, Thomas :
and William Greeley, sister.' of Thomas
liodgerson and the late Bridget MoDermott,
Maria Jordan and Michael Rodgerson, and
aunt of Tomas. Katie and Bernard McDer-
mott and Michael ( Rodgerson, a . native of
Castle French, parish of Kilrone, County
Galway, Ireland, aged , 48 . . years and 9
months. (New York papers please copy.) - :.
iD^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. ¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). -at 9 o'clock.! from her late resi-
dence, 539 - Howard street, ' thence to St.'
• Brendan's Church, corner Fremont and Har-
rison streets, where a solemn requiem high
• mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
' soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦ - ,' .
HANSEN— In this . city, June 29. 1902, Cap-
tain Thomas Hansen, dearly beloved hus-
band of Lena Hansen, and father of Thorne-
• lius, Anna M. and- George W. Hansen, a
native of Norway, aged 35 year3 1 month
' and 11 days.' .
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter. ¦
JACOBS— In this city, June -28. 1902, Matthew
H., dearly beloved and youngest son -of Na-
thaniel and Aldanlta Jacobs, and brother of
: Edward L. and Frank J. Jacobs, a. native
. of California, -aged 19 years 1 month and
5 days. . ¦•¦¦•¦.¦ ,
ICFuneral services Monday, June SO, 1902,
at 2 o'clock, at the residence, 540 Lyon
;' street. Interment private In Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
McGETTIGAN— In this city, June 29, 1902, at
j his residence, 769 Clayton street, James H.
McGettigan, beloved son of Edward and
| Mary A. McGettigan,' - and brother of Sister
. ,-M. Dominic. Dr. Charles D.. 'Edward T.,
. Frank J., Louis P., Marie and Rc«3 McGet-
.' tigan, a native of Vallejo. Solano County,
. aged 3S years and 8- months. ,
t?"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tht. funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from St. Vincent's Church, Va-
• llejo, ¦ where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at " 10 o'clock. Interment • Carqulnea
¦ Cemetery. • .
MCLAUGHLIN— In this 'city. June 29, : 1902,
- at the parents" residence, 325 Langton street, i
Ralph Michael, beloved eon of • M. J. and
' Margaret McLaughlin, a native of San
Francisco," aged 1 month. . -,>-~i
MAHAUT— In this city, June 28, 1902, Emma,
beloved mother of Clara Mahaut, and sister
of : Mary A. and Eliza Green,, a native of
Cambridge, • England, aged 70 years 1 month
• and 28 days. ,- . .
' ¦¦¦¦ .(n?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully "invited" to attend" the ¦¦"fuh*«t_I<. Monday.'
June 30, 1902, at 10:30 o'clock, from" the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
j taking Comsany. 2475 Mission street, near
• Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by. carriage. , , • •
NEILSEN— In this city. June £8. 1002, Charles
E., beloved husband of Annie Neilsen, a na-
tive of.' Denmark, aged 70, years.
[Cf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the-* funeral, to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resl-
, dence, 673^ Harrison street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. .. ...•
QLMAS— In" this city, June 28, 1902, Emma
: M.;. beloved daughter of Ruperta and tha
late Antonio Olmas, and lovlns - sister , of
• Mrs. S.' P. White and the late Mrs. -Annie
Sherman, Mrs. Laura Gonzales and Samuel,
Albert, Lottie and Antonio Olmas, a native
of San Mateo County, Cal.; aged 24 years.
C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), . at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thehce . to St. . Mary's I Cathedral
for services at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'ROURKE— In this city, "June 29, 1902, Mar-
garet Ursula, beloved daughter of John and !
Mary O'Rourke, and sister' of Alleen
O'Rourke, a native of San . Francisco, aged
• 4 years and 1 day.
E?"Fr!ends and acquaintances are! respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
•(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 2S5 Clementina street. - Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦.;?;-
PRYAL— In this city, June 29, 1902. Violett
. M., beloved daughter of J. A. and Lillian
Pryal, a native of Oakland, aged 5 years 7
•. .months and 10 days. .
RATTO — In. this city. June 29, 1902. Paolo,
dearly beloved husband of Luigia Ratto,
¦ loving: father of G. B., Joseph and Lilly
Ratto, and beloved brother of Giovanni, An-
tonio, Giuseppe and Carlo Ratto, Mrs. Dom-
• enica Cuneo. Maddelena Ghlrardelli and Rosa
Raggio, a native of Italy, aged 37 years.
REED (nee McGONIGLE)— In this city. June
29, 1902, Annie Reed % (nee McGonlgle),
dearly beloved wife of J. Albert Reed, loving
. mother of Allie and Eddie and the late Ruth
and Eleanor Reed, devoted daushter of. Cor-
nelius and the late Ellen -.McGonigle. and
Oijly elster of Mrs. Bernard Ward, a native
of San Francisco, aeed 36 years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral to-morrow
- (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from, her late resi-
dence, 41 Natoma street, thence to ; St.^ Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high 'mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
> at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, i • ¦ ¦-• • ; ; j
STEPHENS— In this city, June 26, ,1902.
Minna Stephens, beloved daughter of Mrs.
Emille Steohens of Marshfleld, -Or., a na-
tive of Oregon, aged 29 years and 5 months.
TOBIN— In this city, June "" 20, ' 1002, at ' the
residence, 1375 Masonic avenue, Sarah Tobin.
beloved mother of Mrs. W. ' T. : . Martin and
the late Mrs. Alice Wilcoxoni',
1 icyintei-ment Marysville. Cal.
TURNOCK — In. this city. June 28, 1902. Sarah
Turnock, a native of England, aged SO years
and 8 months. ¦ ' .
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to attend . the funeral, to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of G. W. Smith, 025 Grove street. Inter-
' ment I. O. O. F.' Cemetery. ' - ; -
WELCH — In ¦ this city, June 28, 1902, Bar-
tholomew, beloved' husband of the late Cath-
erine Welch, and father of Mrs. J. 'Hurley,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER 'CO.
. (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) '
• DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.; opposite Lincoln. School.
Telephono South 80. ¦:
Mt. Olivet^ Cemetery,
C NEAREST [;. THE CITTC ' ¦ .-, \
Office, 916 -Market Street.
. -. - Telephone Bush 307. " - -
NEW FIRM OF; UNDERTAKERS.'
' Samuel McFadden,' 18 years manager for '•
the United Undertakers'. Association; :M. J.
McBrearty, with ' the . same company for 10
. years ;'E^,F, .Green'.; late with J, C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have -opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission vst.,. between = Seventh
and -Eighth. Telephone South 44. ¦-¦¦¦
The Odd FiJlows'tCemeter^
¦ Funeral Conductors
(FOR "CREMATION ONLY).'
Funeral: rooms--429 .; Golden "GateV ave.; tele-
"•/• phone South 334.' -^:\) * ¦ " ¦ • v.-j» '
'• .Oakland « of flee— 1004* ' .Broadway: ¦'• telephona
" Clay 701. r . ¦ i ., .-*¦-¦. .
¦ Main .office at cemetery,- Point Lobos' ave...
,-.•:•; Ban.. Francisco: .telephone" West'896. : "; *-
• . •-¦: Prices; of •' cremation— Adults .over 15-yeafii
of ¦ age, $25; • children' under > 15 years \ of age,-
$15. Circulars- mailed - to • any ' atldress ¦ on ¦ ap-
plication." -..-V • GEO. T. BOHEN, Pres.
- r -CED; PENLINGTON. Sec ;'.;.-• .;;¦;--;
ROOMS^POR^IIOIJSEkEEPISO.
A WUIET aad pleasant home for housekeeplnic:
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
¦gas, bath free; near ' school: and park; rent
reasonable. St. James,' McAllister and La-
guna gts. ¦ ' :.''.-.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Sunny front bay window
room and kitchen, complete; ( bath; readon-
able; phone. '¦
CENTRAL ave...C2. near Haight— 3 or 4 un-
- furnished rooms for housekeeping; no chil-
dren; give references.,
EDDY. 039— Floor of 4 rooms; bath, gas range,
yard, phone; fine location; reasonable; no
children.
ELLIS, 51(1 — Large sunny room; also • larg«
: room with housekeeping If desired.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping, 3, $14;
2 beds. 3. $20; 2 beds bath, 2, $15; single, $4.
FOLSOM, S34 — One single housekeeping; 2 sin-
gle furnished rooms with -closet and bath;
H 50, $1 25, $1. ' -
FOURTEENTH, 4S5. nr. Valencia— 2 or S fur-
. nlshed rooms for hkpg. ; also_ single room.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny bay-window
flat of 3 rooms; yard and laundry; furnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847, _ opp. „ Jefferson
square — Furnished front suite housekeeping;
also single room. -
HAWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison— 2 or 3
pleasant sunny convenient rnis.; reas.; ref.
HYDE. 412— Sunny front basement suite; coal
or gas stove; yard, laundry; also iront al-
cove suite. -
MINNA, 2^— Sunny furnished front hou*ekeep-
ing and single rooms:-7oc and $1 per week.
MISSION, 1251^— Sunny corner house; houss-
keeplng rooms reasonable. . '. ..- .
MISSION, 1427B— Housekeeping rooms with
bath.
MODEL house, newly furnished, 1206 Stockton;
. free gas, housekeeping rooms $5 to $10;
sunny; bath. ., . • -
POWELL, 415%— 2 unfurnished rooms suitable
for housekeeping, in rear.
VALENCIA, 200 — 1st floor furnished. 4 sunny
rms.; cook and gas range; telephone, bath.
VAN NESS ave.. 410 — Sunny corner housekeep-
. Ing rooms; also single room; bath, gas.
phone; no children. . ¦ . -
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrs.
ARGYLE Hctel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant.,
gunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, lii Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; ?1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. \
AT "The. Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Et.); rooms 25c. 60c', $1. $1 50 night,
$1 50 to $10 per week; house open all night.
BERNICE, 25, bet. 12th & 13th, nr. Harrison.
Nicely furn. rm. for couple or 2 men; single.
BURNETT. 142S Market (old No. 13&D— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished. :
'BUSH. 1220— Nice room, private family; par* |
lor floor, with use of front room; reasonable.
CAPP, 5 — Stables to let; also single front room
to let.
CLAY, 1026^-4 unfurnished rooms, bath, in
good order for housekeeping, $13.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny -rooms ; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 31ft— Swell eunny front suite; suitable
for refined couple; piano; every convenience.
ELEVENTH, 120— A eunny furnished front
; room for respectable gentleman; $1 25. week.
ELLIS. 321 {Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 35c,
; $1 50 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night. ;
EXCHANGE— Elegant furnished rooms, $30
mo., for merchandise. Box 1133. Call office.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
GUERRERO. 1150— To let. two nicely furnish-
ed rooms in the warm belt of the Mission.
HARRISON, 2410, bet. 20th and 21st— To let. 2
. furnished front ¦ rooms.
MASON, 611 — Sunny rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room; $1 per week; transient. ;i
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh— Single front
room. $1 25; room for 2, $1 50 per week: - |
NEW and bright, airy and light rooms and i
suites at the new Angelus, 530 Stockton st. \
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and:
offices; elevator; clec. lights; day. week. mo. \
POWELL, 932, near Clay— Newly furnished
front suite; private family; free bath,' phone.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, ?2'
to $S; month, SS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
RENT $5 — Fine double furnished room. Ill
Perry st., near Third. .
SEVENTH, 28 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
$10, $8, $6; also housekeeping; phone, .bath.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth, near
Market — For respectable ladles & gentlemen.
VALENCIA, 1232 — Sunny front parlor; nicely
furnished; gas, bath; near depot; $10.
VAN NESS ave, 1409 — Sunny unfurnished
rooms for rent.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. .¦¦¦'¦ /-
ROOMS AND BOARD. )
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new. strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened. July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem- i
ises; electric light and elevator; private i
baths; single and suits; hot and cold
water; 6team heat; telephones on every floor.
HOTEL Dartmouth — New family hotel, about
completed, will be ready for -guests July 1;
strictly modern house, first-class in all its ap-
DOintments: can be inspected now; "will be
conducted in strictly select and first-class man-
ner. 8C5 Post st., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde,
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
A SUNNY suite, with or without board; also
single rooms. The Lake, 268 Turk st.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy — High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS WANTED.
room. Box 1253. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following: children nave been received at
the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children
blnce Jan. 1. 1002: Thomas O. Merrltt, half-
orphan, 10 years of age; Fern Bowman, half-
orphan, Ellsworth Bowman, half-orphan,
twins, 6 years of age; Grace Buchanan, half-.
' orphan, 0 yearn of age.
FREE trial treatment cure for dyspepsia and
constipation; more like a miracle than medi-
cin<^ send stamp. REUNEB GOULET, Bac-
ramento, Cal.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
SEWING-MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
A NEW drop head 5-drawer latest improved $75
sewing machine for $16 5G. 145 Sixth et.,
phone Howard 3264. ¦
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; rs-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
_ STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEiN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission gt.; tel. Howard 041. V. W. Zehfux.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., £30 Market bPk
tel. Main 1810; shipping at cut rates.; ¦ ¦
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone ¦ Jackson 281.
\ BIRTHS— MARRIAQES—DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices' ssnt by
mail will not be inserted. They mast be handed
in at either of the publication offices . and be
indorsed with the. name and residence of per-:
eons authorized to have the same published.
MAREIED. i
BANGHART— DAVIS— In this city, > June 29.
1902, by the Rev. . Dr. John -A. B. ¦ Wilson.
Jacob W. Banshart of Placerville and Edith
M. Davis of San Francisco. ,
DIED.
Arendt, Harria - McLaughl in, Ralph
v Buchanan. John M. Mahaut, : Emma, .'
, Daly. James M. Nellaen, Charles E.
Dazey, Medora D. Olmas. Emma M. - •
Flynn, Lucy, • O'Rourke. Margaret
Foley, Nellie ' Pryal, Violett M.
' Freese, Walter A. ¦ Ratto, Paolo
Gardanowsky, Ed- -Reed, Annie
wina-M... " ' 'Stephens,* Minna" ' f
. Greeley, Honora Tobin, Sarah
Hansen. Cast. Thos.* Turnock. Sarah
. Jacobs. Matthew H. "Welch, Bartholomew
' McGettigan, : Jas, • H. ,; -.. • ••/
ARENDT— In this city. June 20. 1002. Harris
jS^J^-W-W----8-MH-W_-_HHBSWMHB
AUCTION SALE!
Wait Till Thursday .
-—WE WILL SELL— —
30 Head of Gentle Broke Work-
ing arid Driving Horses,
Weighing from 1000 to 1400 lbs. consigned to
as by the Smith Ranch of Merced, at
Grove-St. Stables, Grove St.,
Bet. Polk St. and Van Ness Ave.
MADIGAN, O'NEILL & CO.'.' ". ;'.
Livestock Auctioneers.
50 BEAD AT AUCTION.
ONE CARLOAD MODOC HORSES
Consigned by. James McCabe.
Mso one carload thoroughly broken h:sh- class
DRIVING HORSES at- STEWART'S
HORSE MARKET. •
721 HOWARD STREET. Near Third.
Phone Main 1150.
\ MONDAY, June 30, 11 a. ro.
,&* 5V
Some GENTLE DRIVING AND WORK
HORSES cheap at ¦¦
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
721 HOWARD STREET. '
A CARLOAD OF BROKE AND UNBROKE
HORSES weighing 1200 from Hellbron &
Melss' ranch, Sisklyou County.
FRED H. CHASE & CO., 1732 Market st.
y£P> __^
THE ENTIRE CAMPING OUTFIT of the
Russian gypsies, consisting of eight camp
wagons, harness and horses; also a large as-
sortment of draft and -driving horses, at 1140
Folsom et., Tuesday. July 1, 11 a. m. , ,
OCEAN" STEAMERS. ~
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fc__ . Steamers leave San Fran-
pS^tt^ ciscd as follows:
i¥g|sgS*; ' For Ketchikan, Juneau.
|*E»C_yVi_ Skagway, etc.. Alaska— 11 a-
ll^^_5(^^ m., June 30. July 5. 10. lo.
P?*S^^1 Change to company's steam-
H^S^l *'ers at Seattle.
l'^^^^M For Victoria, Vancouver,
p or t Xownsend. . Seattle, Ta-
' - tH coma, Everett. Whatcom —
11 am. June 30 July 5. 10, 15. Change at
Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-,
ka and G. N Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P, Ry.; at Vancouver to C. V. Ry.
For Eureka- (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
July 1, 6, 11. 16. ,: .
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. " m.
State of California, Thursday, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port ITartford <San
Luis- Oblspo, Ventura. Hueneme and 'Newport
(*Corona only).
¦ Corona. June 27. July 5, 13.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., July I, 9.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia,
Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. July 8.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OF1PTCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Uen Agents.
C. D DUNANN, Gen. Pass. Agt.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP* CO.
. . FOR - —
LEAVE SEATTLE:
VALENCIA....... ............ .9 P. m., July 3
SENATOR, /..;9 p. m.,_Jnly 16 (about)
And fortnightly, thereafter during the season.
The new and elegant steamships Senator and
Valencia made ' regular : trips to Nome last
year, landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
and Nome folder apply
TJC T - OFFICE— *' New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
CD. DUNANN, Gen. Pass Agt.,
' ¦ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & TV. CO,
( R ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, ' all Rail or Steamship and Rail, ai
ajOWEisi 1 3«-akrx*:E2s.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. .June 22. July 2. 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 27. July 7. 17
Steamer sails. from foot of Spear-st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt...l Mong*y,S.F.
PAGiFlO STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
Arid Cia - Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
AREQUIPA ...-.July l|GUATEMALA...An« 2
PERU .July 23! COLOMBIA.... Aug. 19
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California st.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen.. Agents.
COMPASNIS/ 6ENSRALS TRANSATLAHTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -__ '
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <*3vf_y?»
Saturday, at 10' a. m.,' from Pier 42, '•SSJhbBS
North . River,, foot of Morton street. " -
First-class to Havre,' $70 and upward. Second-
class to Havre, $45 and -upward. GENERAL
AGENCY- FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 ¦ Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. . F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, . 5 Montgomery avenue, San . Francisco.
Tickets sold by all. F.aHroad Ticket Agents.
'AMERICAN " LINE.
NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
Phila July 9, lOamlSt. Louis. July 23. 10am
St. Paul. July 16, 10am!Southwk.Aug.5, 7:30am
¦",'¦¦•. ¦ . ' UED STAR LIXE.
' -> NEW. TORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
Zeeland;..July 5, nobniVaderland.July 19, noon
Frlesland..July 12,noon|Kroonland.July 26,noou
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION C*O.,
CHAS. P. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montpom'y st.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
Steams GEN. FRISBIE or MOMCELLO
'9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p." m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday." Sunday, ; 7 a. -m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. ' Telephone : Main - 1508. • Landing- and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. ¦•¦'¦¦"¦ ¦--" - -
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.^
Via- Sanxnllto Terry, ' .
, . Commencing April 27, I&02. * •
£fiM SAN J«-^ISCO a TO MILL VALLET
SUNDAYS— 7:0O, < 8:00*9:00, 10:00. 11:00
ul30 a: in:. 12:30.. n^, 2:30. •3:45. B:CO. 6 00
I -30. 9:45, 11:15 p. m. • •
Trains marked (.•) run to San Quentln.
FK wT E K^Af
11:00 a. m.. I*:- 1 *. *:!•». >>'-o0, 4:io, 5:.>0. ums'
WEEK DAYS— 5^40 «:4O, 7:45, 8:25> V: g
11 :10 *.\nu?iVZ :35. 2 :45. 3 :50. S :io, 6:20. 7;iu,
Sunday's— 6:30, 7:55/ io : o5. ii.io,«. m
l2Tl5"l:20. 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. «:05. 7:15, l™u
°' ;m */'. THROUGH TRAINS. . . f
7:45. a. m. week. days — Cazadero and way
stations.- ' . ' - _' ¦ •
.3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-.
•5:15 p. m. week days. (Saturday s'excep ted)—
romalesand-way stations.
8:00 a., m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta- '
(ions. iiB(fllWWPfB?^IWFil ' "'" WITHTji , _»' "i*r"aJH»
-10:00 a. m. Sundays-^-Potnt Reyea and way
jtatlons.-
r - Legal -Holiday boats and trains ' will run ¦ on
Snnday time. ¦
BAIL WAY TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains teav«»ua »r»du«to«rU#»!
»AN FKA.X CISCO.
(Muln Llae, Foot of Market Street )
L«aV» fgOM JUX»--?».m>3. — AKKlV
~7,00a Uenlcla. SuUua, Eliali* »uU 8#cr»- b
memo • 5'2? p
7.00a V»emviiie, Winter*. Rumsey........ 7.65*
7.33a Murtlnc*. Sna Kamoa, V»UeJo.
N»p», U«lU(uga, Sttma no»« a-25*
8.00-v DhvU.WooUUuU. KnlahU Lauding,
M«ry»\lllc. Orovllle -•••• £%i r
8.00-1 AtlautlcKxprci*-05tlenandEa«t. b-Z^A
8.00a N|lcf,JL*thrup,tUo(;Kii>n r 7?5*
8.00a JCIIct. Memlota, Hanford, Vlsalla. -
l'orterviiio ••••• *o J *
0.30a SU«»u Expres*— Pavl», WlllUm*
(for Bartlett Springs), Willow*. _
Ued tlluir, l»i>rtl«nil., ?• 7-63'
8.33a Sun Jose, Llveruiorc. StocKton.
lone, SaenunuBto. PlnccrvlUe, •
iUrysvllle, CUici>. Ued Bluff T??*
8.39a Oakdsle.CUlnese,Soaur«,Tuolnmn8 *-2aP
9.00a Vallejo..; ...,.: 12.25*
8.00a Los Ansele* Express — Marctue*.
• Tracy. LBthrop,Stockton,itercea. ¦
liaymoud.KrcsnoandLosAneeles 8.23 A
9.30a V»lle]o, Martinez aad Waj btatloni .7.6a»
10.C0a Hnywitrd. Nllci nnil W»y Stations. t12.6»»
10.00a TU<! Ovsrlnn-i Limited — Ogu«a.
Dt-nver. Umnha, Chicago. ..5-SS*
ti-OOP S«crament» UIv«;r 8ie»ui<?r» til .00*
3. OOp Bcn!cl<i. Winters, Sacramento,
Wuodlana. Williams. Willow*.
KnlstUts Laaaiiiff. Marj»ville,
Orovllle I"??*
330 p Ilsy warti, N lies and \V*y aUtloui.. 7 6a*
4.00P Martlnez.SanRamon.YaneJo.Kapa,
Call(tos>t. Saata Kas» 9 -?5 A
4.00r UUei.Llverroore.dtoclitoQ.Lodl.. 12-25*
430p nayward,Nlles.S»nJose.Llverinore t8.C5A •
430r The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
BakersflslJ, Sauxti* for 8anta
Barbira,Los Aujeles «5 lB f A
5.00P PortCosta,Tracy,LatUrop.Stockton 10 23 a
5-OOf Martinez. Antjoch. Stockton, Mer-
ced. IUymond.'ifresno.. '?-?l p
B.30p tflles Local 7.2gA
COOr Mayward.Xllesaad Saa Joi«.....:. 7.65a.
6.C0p Vniiejo 11.25a
6.00p Oriental Mall — Osden, Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago 4.25*
7.00* San Paulo. Port Couta, Jiartiata
aad Way Stations 11-?5a
J7.00p Vallejo 7.65*
. 8.05* Oregon & California Espress— Sac-
ramento. Marysvtlle, Bedding.
~ Portland, Puget Sound and E*»t. 8.55a
?3.1 Qp Hayward and Xllcs.. t11.55»
COAST LINE <!»arr«m Caaje).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17.45a Santa Cruz Excursion 18-05*
8.15a Newark, Centerville. San Jose,
Felton, Bouldej Creejt, Saata ¦_
Cruz and Way stations 5 50'
t2.15* Xewart, Centervllle. Saa Jose,
Sew Almaden. Felton, Boalder . .
* '.' Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 1050a
4-15* Newark, Saa Jose, Los Gatos....... t3.50A
64.1 5r San Jose. Los Gato*. Santa Cruz... cS.BOa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN t'KAN CISCO. Fool of Market St. (Silp 8»
— 17:!5 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1.00 500 515 P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of BroaiWty — t6:0O J3:0l
tS:05 10:00a.m. 12 CO 2 03 4 00 P.M. .
COAST LINE (Broad Uanne).
¦ <Tnlrd ana Townsend Streets.) t
610a San Jose and Wny SUtioas 3 630*
t7.00A San Joss and Way Stations 7.3C*
/7.00a New Almaden /4.10*
' }7-15v Monterey Excursion .....'. t330»
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose, :
Gi!roy,Ho11ister,Sal!sas.S»nLalJ
Oulspo, Santa Barbara. Los Ang-
les and Principal Intermedlato
Stations 10 45*
i 8.00a San Jose. Tres Plans, Santa Crnz;
PaciiiQ Grove, Salinas. San Luis
Oblspo snd Principal Iatermedl- ;
ate Stations ..... >....;.......... -4.10*
10.30a San .lose and Way Stations 8 38 a
. 11.30a SanJose,LosG«tosandWaySUtlO!U 5.30*
o1.30p San Jose and Way Stations a7-00*
t2.00p San .lose and War Stations......... - tS.CQA
t3.00p Del Monte Express— Only stops Ssa
Jose ....t12.Q1»
3-iSOP San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
Sanla Clara, San Jo;e, Tres
Plnos, Santa Crnz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Padac
Grove , 1045a
4.30p Saa Jose and PrlaclpslWayStations 1.30*
ta.OOf San Jose, Los Uatos aad Prlocipal-
Way Stations HJ.OOa
5-33p SanJ<»eandPrlnclpalWaTStaUons 10.00 a-
tS-15p Saa Maceo, Bnlmont. Kedwood, M^S
McnloParS. Palo Alto...... jtfffif
: 6.33? Saa Jose and Way Stations MM
7-00* New Orleans Express— Saa LnlaJB
Obtspo, Saqta Bartiant. Los A^B| ;
pe'Rs. Demlnjr. Kl Paso,
Orleans »ud East jBt c
«11.45p Palo Alto and Way Stations. Mm ¦ v '
«11.45p San .Icne and Way Stations. J*mw- ¦—--'-.'
A for Morn! is. P fur ' -5 "
t Sunday cxeented. t Sunday^g.,: i.:
a Saturday only. c Moada4saj ¦ • ; :• " >-
6 Siturday aad /TutnyB:;-;, ,-.
Sunday onjy. 5J5*!1*«S "
Santa FM
Train s-dS| -
Leave Market- Street K*|l ':'-'': -' ¦' i ¦
— — j— ¦ — os»||fri|l ?*
Local Mcn&^H
. Daily Thura^H'l;,.-
Lv San Fran 9:00 a 0:00 »d^B
Ar Stockton. 12:10 p 11 :1X a H
" Merced... 2:35 p 1:17 p .«|
" Fresno... 4:10 p 2:S5p . .1B@
" Hanford.. 5:5S p S :27 p . . .T^HHl^^
V Visalia... 5:38 p ; ......7"6:0O a
."B'kersf'd. 8:10 pi 5:20 p j 7:35 a
. "KanClty 2:31a .[8:02 a
" Chicago 2:15 p| ...... I 8:47 p
a lor morning, p (or afternoon.
0:00 a. m. Daily i3 Bakersfleld Local
stopping at all points In San Joaqula Val-
ley. Corresponding- train arrives at 8 a. ra.
daily.
8:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays is th©
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dinins Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation - of loral flrst-clas3 passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing tr&Jn Arrives at 11:00 a.' m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleejvera and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
. Offices — 641 Market street and ia ITerry
Depot. San Francisco; . 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. .
CALIF OfiNIA NORTBWESTEHN IL C8
lessees .:|fiEfiS£
SA.il ffiANCiSGQ ANJ K03TH PAGiFli
m BAILWAY COMPANY.
'liboron Ferry, Foot at JlarUf t S L.
SAJT FIJAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-i7:30,-9;t)O, U:00 a. m.; 12U».
3:30, 5:10. (S:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tri»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips as
1:50 and 11:30 p. ra. »
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. '11:00 a. m.; 1^0. S:30U
6:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAX 11AFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, 11:13
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 6:00, 5:20 p. ra. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:33 p. xn.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. ,11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:55. 8:05, 0:25 p. m. _ i ___
- Leave I In Effect I . Arriva '
San Francisco) May 4, 1902. |3aa Frandsca
Week I Sun- | Destln- J.Sun- i Week
Days. I days. | tion. [ days. J Day*.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ignacio 6:10 a 8:4O»
3:30 p 9:30 a ' and 10:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 p 5:C0p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
¦ 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p. 6:20 p
~ ¦ '. "^Fulton ,
7:30 a * Windsor ' •' ¦ 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburs 10:40 a
1 Lytton
¦ ' • . Geyservllle
3 ;30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p 6:20 p
"7:30 a! 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a]10:2a a
3:30 p| 5:00 Pi Ultlah | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:0O a| WlUits* | 7:35 pi W.20 p
7:30a| 8:00a| Guernevllla \ 7:33pll0:20a
3:30 p| 5:UOpl •' ___4C_______>
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al S:i0a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7-30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| [ 7:35 p| 6:20 g
Stage3 connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservtlle for Skagsa Springs; at Cloverdalo
for the Geysers and Boonev tile;. at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvilic.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda - Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs ; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel _)«11
Lake, Witter Springs,- Upper Lake. Porno. Pot-
ter Valley. John Day's Riverside. Lierley'*.
BuckneU'a, San Hedrin Heights, HullviUe, Orr's
Hot Springs,- Half-way House, Coraptche, Camp
Btevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Willits for Sherwood. Cahto.
Covelo,' Laytonville, Cummings, Bell's Springs,
Harris. Ola«a's. Dyer, . Pepperwood, Scotia and
Eureka. ','.. >¦• •¦ -,
Saturday to Monday round- trip ticket* at r «-
duceii rates. '.- - »-;
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. ti50 Market St.. Chronicle build-
l °H. C. WHITINa. r! Xi RTAN,
Gen, Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
nOUNT T)yMALPAI5 RAILWAY ,
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry ' Arriv?
San Fran. Foot of Market St. ' San Fran.
9:30a. 8:00 a. - „__« i^.^, », 7a o lil» P- 9:15a.
t:lop - SSa -*.»-X— »• ' JSr* 0MT '
::::z";I?p: -ttjuftiuipiit. 5;55p::::z:
.....™; 2:30 p. '<>?•»•"•'>•/««««»*• 8:15 p. .„._».
tlTlflUAtSflilT i«T«T«w»»»sa>-^«»T<^a_iyi»_iM»m»n
S_>t 0ae«, «31 XiUIC STKUT vA & ACSAUTO riUl. .The Police Commissioners will at their
meeting to-morrow night appoint i twenty
four ¦ patrol wagon « drivers, which' .will
give the ; Chief of Police eighteen men for
patrol duty; who are * at present, driving
wagons. The drivers will .be subject' to a
civil service examination, and any of
those who } will "be {appointed : to-morrow
night that J do. not pass the
will have to retire for those ; who do. The
drivers will; be under! the orders of .the
Increase in Assessment
Roll Gruaran t e es More
OFFICERS LOOK
FOR PROMOTION
Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, BOc flask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay. •
SCENES AT CONFIRMATION;.
OF CHILDREN BY ARCH
BISHOP RIORDAN.
keep God's commands and ever remember that
the sacrament brings you close to God. To
live with God In time and eternity is the des
tiny of man; -" . • -. '
To make this ' union close our master sent
the spirit of his son to comfort us. He came
to the apostles and gave them cheer, and by
this confirmation you come In contact" with
the spirit of, God. It can only be driven from
The report that the Chief intends to re
organize the detective department is
characterized by. him as utterly false. De
tective Dillon was surprised yesterday to
learn that he had stated he was to re
sign, as -he has no intention of doing so
nor - had ' he- expressed such intention to
any one. - ,
, The additional captain, five lieutenants,
eight i corporals and ten ' patrolmen will
not be appointed tillafter the City Aud
itor receives the assessment roll from the
Assessor, probably, about July 10, as the
increase was made conditional on the as
sessment roll exceeding a certain figure*
According to the Assessor the figure has
been more than exceeded, so that the in
crease is certain. The eligible list for
patrolmen is., however, exhausted, and
nothing can : be done in the way of ap
pointments - till another examination for
patrolmen is held, probably this week, so
that the- vacancies. caused by the promo
.tlons can be filled. Lieutenant Mooney.is
the only one . eligible for ' promotion to
captain, ¦ and. the- sergeants eligible for
promotion to the five lieutenancies are
Colby, McManus, Burnett, Ayers and
Conboy.* . ¦ . . ' •
Chief the same as patrolmen, and will
have to obey the rules laid down in the
police manual. • -.
The services closed with the benediction
pronounced by the Archbishop, the chil
dren, marching out of the church in pro
cession singing a joyous hymn.
give to all a crown of victory ! for their
faithful services as children of Christ and sol
diers of the Catholic church.
The Archbishop and clergy then knelt
in prayer before the altar, while the choir
sang "O Salutaris," the singers including
Mme. Cadenasso, Miss Richards and Mlsj
Artiguez.
The collection was made to the singing
of a solo by I Miss Wadsworth, accom
panied by organ and violin, played re
spectively by Messrs. Artiguez and Kehr
lein. '¦ - ' - ' , ¦ ' .. . . :
URGED TO OBEY GOD'S LAW.
¦ "We can have no life without God, for Christ
said "Without me you can do nothing." The
union of confirmation. Is perfect. We live with
God . and will do so as long as we obey his
commands. . Tf. we break, them we shall bs
separated from God and .our fouls -will be In
danger. Thank God for all his groodness and
may you, dear children, grow up in the spirit
ual life and be good and moral citizens, know
ing God's law and keeping It every day.
When the battle is over and the . general
shall call his soldiers ¦ to him our Lord will
you by violation of God's commands. It will
strengthen you' by divine grace and uplift you
in . the trials and tribulations of the present
life. Tou will be his children for all time and
his companions forever. . Be not separated
from God, for the union with Christ is one of
the greatest blessings of religion.
This week's programme at the Chute;
is a splendid one, including Kelly anc
Violette, the fashion-plate singing duo
the Carroll brothers, comedy bicyclists
Hill and /Whitaker, in their refined musi
cal Interlude; the two little i Pucks:
Murphy and Slater, colored:- comedians;
Webber and, Elliott, t.the : Vmusical wiz
ards." and new moving: pictures by -tht
anlmatoscope. ¦ Hardy Downing loops the
loop on his wheel every; afternoon and
evening.- On Thursday night the regular
amateur performance will take place, and
en Friday: the Fourth' of • July, a grand
fireworks display will be given-* / .
S^SBBH . ¦ •'¦¦..-¦ :< : ¦¦¦•'•.•
Another • strong melodrama, I entitle*
"Sins of the Night." will be put on at th<
Central Theater: this week. It Is, full o
thrill and picture and will be elaboratelj
staged and strongly cast. ?:
At lastithere is ' to be a change ai
Fischer's Theater. To-night the :seconc
of the series of popular burlesques is to b<
presented .with the entire splendid - casi
and the addition of some new people whe
have been brought here play some par
ticular parts. The burlesque will. have ar
elaborate stage setting, as will also th«
two travesties which ar© to follow
"Pousse Cafe"— "Antony and Cleopatra'
Ei:d "A Royal Family."' Quite a numbei
of novelties are promised. There will b«
a special matinee on July 4. !
' "Zaza's" fourth week begins to-night,
with a. tale of undiminished. success. The
houses are still excellent, and the produc
tion goes on ballbearings. The sale shows
full houses for all this week. - ¦ .<
"Tho Idol's . Eye," with its smart new
settings and pretty music, is going better
than ever at the Tlvoli.' Time seems only
to add to its popularity and audiences are
found to - enjoy its . second hearing more
than' its first. Hartman. Cunningham,
Webb, Cashman, Annie Myers, Frances
Graham and • Sybil • Page are among -it3
headllners, and Mr. Steindorff at the desk
holds : everything, together. , in ¦ excellent
shape. ... . . .". . -
Very dear people and beloved children, those
of you who have been confirmed have partaken
of one of the greatest benefits of our church.
You are now soldiers of Christ and your obli
gations are most, solemn. ,As . members • of
God's church you will now have many respon
sibilities to undertake -and carry, out- and -you
must faithfully obey. your orders. You. must
"Faust." The role, always a favorite "one
with actors, may happen to suit this fa
vorite player more than a little. . Mr.
Morgan (theatricaly speaking) rejoices In
a grievance, and who 1 with so • large
grudge coming as the enemy of mankind?
He should look the part very handsomely,
and the presentation .will doubtless be in
teresting to theater-goers ¦ in • an-y case.
Maude Fealy is billed as Marguerite and .
should make a da'nty figure in the role.
The stars will be supported by the' Grand
Opera-house stock company. The man
agement, as usual, will give a very hand
some and elaborate setting- of the : peice;.
that affords perhaps unparelleled . oppor
tunities in the matter of mounting. -The
Brocken scene will introduce many start
ling electrical effects, wild, weird and
wonderful, and the rest will be up to the
high standard the house has set for itself.
Next week "The Christian" will be \ put
on. .¦¦¦
Garbed in the robes of his office, with
mitre and golden crozler, the: Archbishop
then administered the sacrament of con
firmation to the boys and girls, the prel
ate anointing each communicant with
sacred oil.
DELIVEKS ELOQUENT ADDRESS.
Following the confirmation Archbishop
Riordan advanced to the altar rail and
addressed the children and their friends.
He said, in part:
The Archbishop and the clergy entered
the church after the children's procession .
arrived, the voices of the little ones blend
ing In a hymn with the strains of the or
gan. .
After the rendition of Lombardi's "VenI
Creator," sung by Miss Wadsworth, Sig
nor Cortesi and J. A. Fogarty. the chil
dren were addressed in French by Rev.
Father Hamet. The priest eloquently
dwelt upon the sacred obligations that
the communicants were about to take and
exhorted them to lead pure lives and be
faithful to their vows.
The children formed in procession in the
Sunday-school In the basement of the
church, and, led by the parish clergy,
marched in procession to the street " and
entered the church by the main doors. .
The altar of the church was a glowing'
mass of flowers and lighted candles, and
the attending clergy wore their full vest
ments.
Archbishop Riordan was attended by
Bishop Julius Chartron of Osaka. Japan;
Rev. Father Ramm of St. Mary's Cathe
dral, Rev. Father Caraher of St. Francis,
Rev. Father A. Hamet, pastor of -Notre
Dame des Victoires, and the assistant
clergy. Rev. Fathers J. Gulbert and J.
Dreyer. ' . . . -
The boys were dressed in • black suits
and wore white gloves and ties, while
the girls presented a very pretty picture,
being gowned in complete white, with long
veils and gloves and wreaths of blossoms.
The interior of the sacred edifice was
crowded to the doors by the relatives and
friends of the children, and the service
of confirmation was very impressive.
ONE hutidred and fifty boys and
girls were confirmed yesterday
afternoon by Archbishop RIordan
at the Church of Notre Dame des
Victoires on Bush street, near
Stockton. .':?"£
E. J. Morgan will have something of a
chance this week at the Grand Opera
house with the part of Mephisto - i n
This Is the heydey of the dramatic sea
son In San Francisco. A company like
that now foregathering at the Columbia
Theater would make heydey anywhere.
Henry Miller promised us a good com
pany, and he has magnificently fulfilled
hifc promise. Each new performance I ex
hibits the band of players in new. de
lights, and no one Interested. in dramatic
art' at its best can afford to miss the
Miller people in anything they do, once
at Iea6t in each play presented. Take
"The Gay Lord Quex," the week's bill,
for example. There is Miss Anglin as the
manicurist, Sophy Fullgarney, a quite
new figure on the stage and one striking
ly foreign to any character that the gift
ed young artist has before assumed. Miss
Anglin has drawn a portrait of the cock-
ney girl that is incarnate humor, touch-
Ing it in with an intuition that is simply
extraordinary. Not a gesture or glance
destroys the illusion; the Identity be
tween actress and part is absolute. In no
net Is this so evident as in the big scene
with Lord Quex. when the contrast be
tween the shallow, pert, pretty but genu
inely sweet and heroic Sophv and the
suave, polished man of the world is splen
didly effective.' Mr. Miller's Quex seems
to Improve with every performance, gath
ering conviction and strength nightly
That it is eminently polished and elegant
goes without saying. Then there Is D'Or
say, whose malarial dandy from the West
Coast of Africa, with his "very alluring "
is a delicious bit of characterization And
Grace Elllston, the "creamy English
beauty," and Ethel Hornick. the hand
some and "mannered" Lady Eden and
Mrs. Whiffen's charming old lady all add
fine pages to the story. The play has
been enthusiastically received, and Its
second week's success is already ¦ assured
The Russell brothers and an aggrega
tion of clever people appeared. at the Or
pheum last evening after an absence of
four years. They produced "A Romance
of New Jersey," a playlet that is ex
tremely funny. The Russels are clever
comedians and their work was highly ap
preciated. They make the most of every
line, and during their presence on the
stage the audience was convulsed with
laughter. James Thornton, "the man who
set the world a-singing," according to
the theater's press agent, lived up to his
title. He has a sweet voice and his songs
went with a swing. His stories and jokes
are new and will be repeated. Linton
and Mclntyre do a clever turn and re
ceive their meed of applause. Avery and
Hart are two colored comedians who rank
with the best. They sing and dance to
perfection. The holdovers are Mr. and
Mrs. Waterous, society comedians; Dave
Lewis, the inimitable German comedian;
Sisson and Stewart, successors to the
right, title and interest of Barnes and
Slsson, and Hallen and Fuller, who pre
sent a skit entitled "A Desperate Pair."
The biograph ends the excellent bill.
In Judith Berolde Mr. Warde has a very
strong addition to his company. Rather
over-queenly, too mature for the fragile
Francesca, in all else Miss Berolde was
found to be' not wanting. She is a beau
tiful woman and a highly intelligent and
fluent actress. Her reading is distin
guished and strongly sympathetc, and,
holding in check & full gamut of wider
emotion, her Francesca is admirably del
icate and restrained. Miss Berolde will
doubtless, however, be better seen in
stronger roles. Miss May Warde plays
the maid, Ritta. with a quaint touch, and
the rest of the cast fills in well. The
piece Is conspicuously well mounted, the
church picture, with its flaming altar and
fine quartet and picturesque setting, be
ing of the very good things In church
scenes that have been done here. ".;-"
The Pepe of Barry Johnstone, who had
not quite the hang of the house, and
therefore was not always easily audible,
was a lithe, and clever effort. Its malice
Is not quite sufficiently accentuated, but
Mr. Johnstone has a firm grip - on the
humor of the part. His scene in the gar
den, where the licensed giber discovers
Paolo and Francesca's love, is admira
bly handled and affords a -welcome relief
to the gloom, of the story. As Paolo Law
rence Hanley was at first a disappoint
ment, and, indeed, did not show his met
tle until the fifth act. But the Paolo who
stood like a wooden Indian at his lady
love's wedding, end to t his own
crippled brother, roused ' in the
garden scene to «a properly ardent
lover, indeed with a very pretty
poetic sense. Quite as delicately man
aged was Mr. Hanley's final scene, and
possibly there was reason good for his
earlier flatness. Charles D. Herman and
Francis McGinn were a very weak and
mild couple as the warring lords of Ri
mini and Ravenna.
From the Lanciotto of Frederick Warde
to the Francesca of Judith Berolde, in
Boker's "Francesca da Rimini," given
last night at the California Theater, there
seems to be every reason- for reviving .{he
old play. The audience,' a large one, en
joyed it thoroughly, cheerfully hissing
the unlucky commuter who made an un
timely exit during the hush of the 'last
act, and giving rapt attention and hearty
applause to the whole performance. Mr.
"Warde was hailed in the customary
noisy fashion and made his usual speech
in his usual apt manner. Other members
of the company also achieved rapid favor,
and, take it all In all, the Boker play is
possibly the most comfortable thing In
the Warde repertoire. The edition is the
Lawrence Barrett one, still further, and
to ita vast advantage, blue-penciled into
bounds. There is yet another bit of blue
pencil needed. Almost all of that which
follows the jester's death in-the Jifth act
is superfluous and weakening. Ten words
would tell the story and> immensely
strengthen the situation. But the play
as It stands is highly picturesque and ef
fective, and it goes.
Mr. Warde's Lanciotto lacks some
what the bitterness, the stern ttber, the
gloom that one has been apt to associate
with the character. It is a sweeter, more
lovable Lanciotto he paints, the victim of
high Providence, but little warped in na
ture. Sympathy is immediately created
and perfectly held for the character by
the actor in its. sad and simple nobility.
The conception Is further marked by a
thorough consistency and balance, and Is
notably free from the staginess •" that
sometimes mars Mr. Warde's work. As
always with this actor, the part is richly
read, the sonorous and well-modulated
voice being a continual pleasure to the
ear. Perhaps the church scene leaned
slightly to rant, but the scenes with the
malicious jester on the eve of the crip
ple's marriage with Paolo in the first act
where he cries to heaven in his sorrow,
and more than all the last scene with his
helplessly sinning wife and brother, tlie
actor's efforts were luminous with reserva
and measure. . j
Work on buildings on which brotherhood men
•ire employed will come to a standstill. Con
tractors who are under bonds to complete con
tracts within certain periods will find them
selves seriously handicapped.- Scarcely a con
tractor but has brotherhood men in his employ
•uid the enforcement of the resolution means
tnnoyance, if not positive loss to him. A
meeting of the contractors probably wlil be
fceld to-morrow, at which time some definite
action will be taken. In my opinion the reso
lution will be repealed and the carpenters in-
Jonned that the contractors will recognize and
employ all bona flde union men, be they affil
iated with the Euilding Trades Council or not.
There was considerable activity at the
headquarters of the district council of the
brotherhood last night. The officers of
that organization said they were prepar
«d for Uie fight to-morrow, . but they did
not expect there would be much trouble.
The opinion was expressed that the con
tractors would go back on their resolu
tion because any other course must end
In disaster to them. It was said that sev
eral contractors had officially Informed
the council that they would refuse to car
ry out the resolution and that If such ac
tion was demanded of them they would
resipn from the association.
mr^VB^w^' a ? a rule, inclined to assist
that "organization in its battle against
the brotherhood men, they are not dis
posed to do so at their own expense. That
tlie proposed lockout will prove a costly
experience many of the builders are
agreed. A leading contractor, in discuss
in? the situation yesterday, said: - '.- '
The resolution to ignore carpenters who are
not supplied with the working: card of the
Building Trades Council was adopted under a
misapprehension. Many of the builders did
sot fully understand its Import or they would
Siave voted it down. The builders are not In
clined to discriminate against any union men.
be they affiliated with the Building Trade*
Council or the United Brotherhood of Carpen-
Ttrs and Joiners of America. When they were
eeked to use their best offices to bring the dis
pute between the rival factions to an end It
was believed by some that radical measures
were necessary. The resolution to ignore the
brotherhood men was therefore submitted and
adopted.
Nearly all who voted in favor of the proposi
tion now realize that its enforcement means the
tying up indefinitely of thousands of dollars'
•worth of work. Since the trouble began dozens
«f jobs which were to have been begun were
held in abeyance pending a settlement of the
dispute. Sow that it Is proposed to carry out
a. policy of discrimination against brotherhood
carpenters the investment of capital In build-
Ings necessarily must be diminished.
Ksatistied members of the
rsierday over the adoption
h of policy as regards the
des Council. While the con-
=!?
The Builders' Protective Association is
es a house divided against itself. The reso
lution recently adopted by that body pro
tiding that after to-day no carpenters
¦who cannot display the working card of
the Building Trades Council will be re
fused employment is responsible for the
trouble. If this resolution is carried out j
the brotherhood carpenters to the num- I
ber of 1S00 in this city will be locked out,
¦with results to the building Industry
¦which it would be hard to foretell.
In -anticipation of trouble the City Front
Federation has appointed a committee of
five to act with like committees of the
Labor Council and Building Trades Coun
cil. A joiiit meeting of these committees
Is scheduled for this evening, at which
time the situation will be canvassed. The
action. > be taken will be necessarily de
pendent Mpon the course to be followed
hv the contractors, who, it is said, are
also to hold a special session this even
tag.
The brotherhood men are curious to
know what action the Labor Council will
Take in the event of a lockout of the car
penters. The loyal unions of the brother
hood are affiliated with the Labor Coun
cil and not with the Building Trades
Council. A member of the Labor Council
eaid last night that if it became neces
sary the unions along the water front and
especially those having connection with
g&m^ building Industry will be called out.
mean a serious crippling of
¦Mustry at the most prosperous sea
: B:he year and at a time when bulld
l^knever more active .than it is at
BfcVith the possibilities the future
;V : \pre the developments of the
flftys will be watched with ex-
JMLnterest by all connected with
jB|ndustry.
Haters of the association op-
Bk^ed lockout and it is known
Bfcventeen of these have an-
to resign from
K|f it is attempted. All of
Jah have many large build-
Hgind all must be finished
EHk periods. To lock out
HBould necessarily involve
rations and the conse-
BfJney, with possible suits
|Vutract. This is a contin
j le builders are not dis
¦-ith equanimity, and they
Pi kicking over the traces.
Ur considerable caucusing
Revival of the Old Play
Draws Big House to
California.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ .
Three Committees of Men
Interested to Meet
MAY ARBITRATE
CARPEHTEBS' WAR
WIRDE PLEASES
IN "FRANCESCA"
Church of Notre Dame des Victoires on Bush Street Is Filled by French
Residents of the City Who Witness Sacred Ceremony and Hear
an Eloquent Address Delivered by Distinguished Catholic Prelate
SOLEMNITY MARKS THE CONFIRMATION
OF MANY CHILDREN BY ARCHBISHOP
10
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, ../MONDAY-, JUNE 30, 1902.
OQWESmH
Pine a p pi
Singapore— reg'fy 25c 2j lb •/;,'' '&
can — whole I i<
Florida— reg'ly 25c 2 lb
can— sliced ;
Glace' f r^u i vjB
French — assorted— also pine • 1 1 *
apple — reg'ly 50c lb [, ?**."*•"«¦
Shoe polish
Acme-yf or men— women bottle in. ¦ S
and children's shoes
Rye w h i s k y "m
Old Mellow— ¦
reg'ly ti bottle— *
>4 gallon r ;^
M alt w hi s k S
Wm. Penn— reg'ly $1 bottle ) '¦¦M
Duffy —reg'ly 85c bottle J 7 i t|
Sweet w i n e 5 J
Imported— sherry— port — 7 £?'•**
Madeira— reg'ly $1 bottle * w "¦
P o r ter ale
White label— Guinness porter— < - ., ,
Bass ale— reg'ly $2— $225 dozen
P o 1 a n d vy a ter
Pure— natural— alkaline pints $j^^? |
mineral water— pints and * *" *" *
quarts still— h gallons quarts 2 :< »
sparkling— reg'ly $1 60— ¦ q
50— $10 dozen \ gallon "
Holland cordiai ¦¦ ¦
Oolgaard— curacoa — stone <j >-
bottJe— reg'ly Ji 75— assorted " ,
flavors— reg'ly %i 50 glass bottle I • •
Am e r i c,a n so h .^j
Cologne Bouquet— " • v| lffl
reg'ly 25c box of 3 cakes : "". V.jH
Cold c r c a"' m
Pinaud— reg'ly 40c jar— 2 for % Vr" J
quick relief for sunburn ftgjg - -J|
Catalogue free X
432 Pin* 232 Suttsr 2800 California V
t»an Francisco vg
Thlrt»»nth and oiay otroats Oakl-.f.- \':
SB fiHqBSV * l^S tfBkJfl W IBm " w I ''
r I r .* IeV hESBH| JJ3I J\ f BST'H^ i m^i
("'1 1; r'VJj t' 4 '*BVt 'Jt-^H I
\m . ¦_ — ««. B «d». Chaira. Storea. v. W
I j /I III r "<» Sportln* Goods. 6.- M
%J r% jf I 8 tor Catalogue. SHRT"---JB|
; VA^llll BARBER CO., 7^ »
I St.. and 511 Kcaray '-^M
Weekly Call, $1 per Y«M
BQ WEISS
CD
Food supplies for the yacht
— camp — country home —
shipped to arrive safely
and just when you want
them
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tab 1 e butter
Creamery--reg'ly 40c square— 35c
E gg s
Selected — guaranteed doz 2OC
M a c a r o n i
¦ Also spaghetti— vermicelli— 2 lbs 2 cc
letters and numbers— LaFavorita ?
— reg'ly 15c Ib,
C h u t n e y
Genuine Bombay pint -20c
condiments — 12 kinds —
rcg'ly 40c— 6cc quart 5 OC
M u sjiro o m s
F. Lecourt— fine quality— 2 OC
reg'ly 25c can— wholesale price
P a s h a c of f ee :
You'll like it— reg'ly 35c lb 2 lbs 55c
Sa r din es
French— fancy boneless fish— 2 r c
reg'ly 30c large can **
S u ceo t a s h
Sea Foam— Tn/ »
reg'ly 1 5c can 4
dozen $1 15
H o 1 Ian d c o co a
Van Houten— finest in the world « n o
—reg'ly 95c Ib— i lb— J Ib— 1 Ib can° C
G c 1 a tin c
Knox— sparkling— . Toc
reg'ly 12JC package ,
Sweet pi ck 1 es
Pin Money— 8 varieties pickles enr
— reg'ly 6oc— 70c— - ~
quart bottle ¦ , ' mangos t)OC
Gr e oil e r ice
Fancy Carolina— - 5 lb carton
reg'ly ioc lb — cooks
white and whole-^ 10 lb carton 9 OC
ORLAN : CLYDE CULLEN,
Counselor-at-Law ,-'\
U. S. Supreme Court. Registered Attorney
U. S. Patent Office, United States and For-
eign Patents, Caveat*. Trade Marks and
Copyrights.
> No. 700 7th Street. N. ,W.
Opp. U. S. Patent Ofnce.^ashH»9ton, D.C.
b ia> r\ r e ;
y^^lftt^) Of Impostors. THJC OSVUIME
Mayprle's Glasses cannot be had
%^afflpf from travelins ortlclana; muit b>»
- ¦ • ordered DIRECT from . the OR-
IOINAIi GEQRqE : MAYERIiE, ion Market
I street, near 7th apposite HibernU Bank). G«-
I [man Eyewater S#c. ; Telephone South 672.
25 lbs Sugar $1
ri-tra fine try jrrar.ula.ted pore cane; with
orders only.
BUTTER Extra nice, qc p
UUMLn, per square %JOb
Eaaple free at etore, creamery kind.- _•' :
CfiRQ Fancy selected kind, f)1) n
LUUO, per dozen ZUG
neceivci dally from Highland Poultry
rarm. Reg- 25c .. *
P0TAT0ES t E c^. f g 1 nc C e er90c
Nice eize and good cookers.
COFFEE, •""»£*«»,*,., 25c
Our epecial Wend, ground ¦while you wait.
PANCAKE Fl0Dr,SS3SSS 25c
Each package contains 2 pounds. Very
,nealthv, *
SOAP, K!5 6 cakes 25c
Very easy on the hand* and clothes.
MAGARONj, „& 5.. lbs 25e
Vermicelli or Spaghetti. Made from the
»«ry beet Flour.
T.H. Corcoran & Go.
THREE-DAY SALE.
1201 Valencia St , Cor. 23d.
SELEFHOXE MISSION 0.
SPECIAL SALE
, ( —CDF"—
¦ - . I. ¦ ¦ ' .
175 pairs Irish Point, Re- 50 pairs TAPESTRY PORt^
nalssance and Paris Point TIERES, with YerE hand-
lACE CURTAINS, in White, some fringes, good assort-
Ecpu and Arahian shades, ment of colors and full
all latest noveltn designs, length and width.
$3.5O Pair. S3.5O Pair.
60 pairs Extra Fine NOT- 75 Tapestrn TABLE COV-
TINGHAM CURTAINS, hoth ERS, two nards sauare and
White and Cream, in two, reversihle, heavn knotted
three and four pair lots, fringes and all good colorr
all this season's lmporta- ings. .
tion. . To dose SI. 75 Each.
$3.00 Pair, 175 dozen Bleached Damask
2 cases satin Marseilles DINNER NAPKINS, In a
BEDSPREADS, in White great varletu of designs and
onlu, full slzs, hemmed and Yeru heavn nuailtu or linen,
good assortment of patterns. S2.OO Dozen.
$1.50 Each. one case (20 pieces) 72-Inch
200 dozen Extra Large Loom Bleached Satin TABLE DA-
HUCK TOWELS, alpeadn MASK, extra heayu and
hemmed, onlu red horders Yern nanasome designs.
(Irish manufacture). $1.00 Yard-
Si. 75 Dozen. Napkins to match damask,
2 hales All-Wool GRAY 24 inches sauare.
BLANKETS, extra fine $3.OO Dozen.
aualltu, size fop three- One case (40 pieces) Checked
guarter Deds. This Blan- GLASS LINEN, Irish manu-
ket is veru deslrahle for facture and 18 Inches wide,
camplnc purposes. -iv assorted colors.
$3.OO Pair. I2!c Yard.
We will also offer this week a large assortment ofr.
GENUINE FRENCH PRINTED SATEENS, 32 inches Wide,
at. ... .\ lOc per Yard
Our M^ft— Qpler Department Is most complete. All
opdecsr fop saft^lej or goods filled and snipped sar>3 .
j TaW^ eu ar . e
, III. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 FOST STR&S* JJM
APVEBTISBSIEirrS. ¦"
Gibson's Observations No. 17
P**WiaHe<l bar "Y*>«r Bosom Friend,** every onco in a -wHilo
[ | I Most folks never remember that they need a night
I shirt until they are ready to go to bed. Now, they'-e :
i "a mighty handy thing to have once in a while, but I've
about 300 more than I really need. Some are my size,
some are bisKer, and a few are smaller. So I want to
( sell 'em. They are in the window, they're well made '
\ and they're plenty big, like mother used to make.
> 'Phone for a couple to-day.
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend."
Furnishings for Gentlemen.
1202*1204 Market St. 'Phone South 850
';} RARE BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY!
-"¦''¦ " .'-¦-¦ ' - '* "^ "¦ ."¦ *'" ' . ; ¦ ' *¦ . " ' , ¦ " '
The Weil-Known Wholesale Shoe House of -
ROSENTBE, EEfiER & Ga
y Are Retiring From Business
'Arid Offer Their Stock for Sale in Bulk;
, . ; The stock will invoice about! $100,000..' It is new, up-to-date,
and-splendidly assorted. .; Thel shoes are- of the hiRhest class—
...;. grades; that: sell at' 1 $.1.50 "•to $5^ a Lpair.! Any reasonable offer for
stock, and fixtures 'will/ be respectfully, considered: ; '
For further particulars apply to ;- ' -
ROSENTHAL, FEDER & CO., ,
, 9 and 11 Sansome Street.