PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUaiE XCI— NO. 124.
SAN FRANCISCO, THT7ESDAY, APRIL 3, 1902.
Aguinaldo 9 s Captor Talks on Philippine
Question Before Ohio Society.
FUNSTON FIGHTS SHY
OF THE CONTROVERSY
"The suit that was brought to-day will
not hold a minute. I can beat my ac
cusers on the merits of the suit alone. In
the first place I never O. K. the prices
of work that comes into ray office. My
chief clerk, Thomas Robinson, always
signs the receipts, but admitting that I
am responsible for the acts of my depu
ties, it has no effect on me. because none
of us ever vouched for the correctness of
>ears ago, when they tried to hurt me
by getting ihe Grand Jury to investigate
an alleged destruction of records in my
office. They were defeated then and they
will be defeated again.
James E. Crane Begins Suit Under Penal
¦ Section Agajjnst Alameda Assessor.
ACTION IS BROUGHT
TO REMOVE DALTON
"I want to repeat a remark I made two
; weeks ago, that not a single Filipino lead
er, from Aguinaldo down to the lowest
"For two years there followed a ver
itable reign of terror. It Is estimated that
between 2000 and 2000 Filipinos who fell
under suspicion or who refused to make
contributions for the support of these
bands of guerillas were put to death.
AGUINALDO ADMITS CRIME. 5
General Funston outlined soriie of the
campaigns that followed and said that In
November of 1899 Aguinaldo and some of
his chieftains held a conference and de
cided to abandon organized - resistance
and disband their forces, the men to be
assembled' later into guerrilla bands and
make war upon the Americans and all
natives who should be suspected- of be
friending them. Continuing he said: ¦'.',,
himself for advancing- after being chal
lenged and had been tried by court
martial he would have gone scot free. If
any man is looking for excitement I would
advise him to try shooting the rapids . at
Niagara rather than running down an
American soldier on euard duty."
ASSESSOR* OF ALAMEDA COUNTY WHOSE REMOVAL FROM OFFICE
IS DEMANDED ON THE GROUNDS THAT HE ILLEGALLY RE
TAINED MONEYS AND ACCEPTED BOOKS INFERIORLY BOUND.
Continued on Page Thxs«
Continued on Page Three.
"In view of the statements contained: in
the letter 'the City Council ' has decided to
write to "Carnegie stating, that' it" will give*
the , site': andvwill v do what . it "/can toward
providing $25,000 a. year,- but the' . law does
riot .allow- the municipality;:to^bind^suc
ceeding ones in'matters of annual endow
ments. '¦' : "
' _ HAVANA'; April . 2.— Lieutenant . Hanna,
Commissioner, of \ Schools, has written to
the Mayor of Havana ; that ; he has seen
Andrew 'Carnegie's ; secretary, '.who told
him Carnegie was disposed to give $250,00)
for^ a '.HbraryJn* Havana, provided the city
would guarantee' $25,000; a 'year; for keep-!
ing it up and give a site for the building.- - :
HAVANA:; HAS DOUBTS >; ¦.';. jv
' ABOUT [THE LIBRARY
"Few will dispute my assertion that; the
Filipinos are not yet fitted for. absolute
self-government.. They are ready for the
sort of partial self-government given them
' "If we will drop that sort of discussion—
I • mean . intemperate ; discussion " of an In
flammatory character, for I do not con
demn' temperate discussion of Philippine
problems/arid whether the Philippines
ought, to have been taken or ought to be
held— if . we will hold : this thing off for; a
.few months longer the war willbe.ended
and we will be able then to.decideVas .to
the final disposition of the islands. ¦
DROP, INTEMPERATE TALK.
"In January of 1900, after the conference
of^Aguinaldo^and his chieftains, the, war
would have ended. except for the encour
agement lent from this country! Agori
clllo • was here and . the Junta was • active
and : the anti-imperialists were making
speeches that were harmless enough here
but when" cabled out by the Junta and
spread broadcast led to the belief that
this- country was on the verge of civil
war. ., """. - -¦..¦¦.- . .. .-¦ ¦ . . '¦¦'- ; ¦
VThe insurgents are almost entirely un
der the influence of the leaders. Few of
them have their heart in the struggle. ' I
have questioned . many and. few of them
even . knew they were fighting for - inde
pendence. \ '¦'-»" '
"The blood of those two or three thou
sand of murdered Filipinos cries out for
vengeance, but it will never be possible
to punish all who committed the crimes.
We picked out about 200, who were tried,
sentenced and hanged, the worst speci
mens that ever disgraced God Almighty's
footstool. We can't attempt* to punish all,
for if we did we could never pacify the
islands.
chieftain, was free from the stain of such
crimes. Aguinaldo admitted to me with
out reservation that he had caused the
assassination of General Luna, because
Luna was so brave and able that his own
supremacy, which he deemed essential to
Filipino success, was-in danger. He made
the same statement to^Lieutenants Haz
ard and Mitchell and f to others. Indeed,
that he caused Luna's assassination Is not
questioned at all in the Philippines.- I
do not care to run Aguinaldo down either,
for personally I owe him a great deal. I
will say this for him, that he treated
American prisoners, and Spanish "prison
ers, too, with great humanity whenever
they were under his immediate eye. But
horrible atrocities were committed by his
subordinates.
NO REPLY TO CRITICISMS.
The speaker did not touch upon the
criticisms upon his methods, in effecting
the capture of Aguinaldo, except to assert
that the Filipinos had no distinctive uni
form, they having taken for themselves
the Spanish uniform. Ergo, it Is to be in
ferred, it was no offense against the rules
of civilized warfare to dress four of his
own soldiers in that attire In order to
carry out his plan to capture the Filipino
chieftain. Finally he had no criticism for
the Taf t Commission, but approved The
partial eelf-grovernment given the Fili
pinos ' by Taft and his associates, thus
again arraying: himself with the adminis
tration.
Whitelaw Reid \ras also to have been a
guest of honor, but the distinguished dip
lomat sent a diplomatic note of regrets—
lira. Reid had made a prior engagement
Governor Gage was also Invited, but he
tel last night. In response
to the insistent demands of the ban
queters, from which, as he put it. he saw
there was no escape, he spoke at some
length on the Philippine question, but
skillfully avoided some of the reported
assertions that made his recent Lotus
Club speech a national sensation. ;
The captor of Aguinaldo placed respon
sibility for the continuance of the insur
gent struggle after the breaking up of
Agnlnaldo's army Into guerilla bands, in
January, 1900, squarely upon the should
ers of the anti-Imperialists at home. He
said their Intemperate utterances led the
insurgent leaders to believe that the
United States was on the verge of civil
war and that they had only to continue
the Etruggrle until internecine strife
ehould break out between the two par
ties in America. But while General Fun
ston spoke approvingly of the hanging of
some 200 Filipino bad men, he did not
even hint that sundry gentlemen of Bos
ton were equally deserving of stretching
hemp.
The war hero avoided for the most part
the Questions that brought him under fire
from the press and la the Senate, j He had
nothing to eay of the right of petition,
though he asserted that he approved of
temperate discussion of the problems cre
ated by the acquisition of the new . pos
sessions and whether the Philippines
should have been taken and whether
they should be kept.
E N E R A L FREDERICK
E] _J^ FUNSTON was the guest of
§M Eg honor at a banquet given by
B the OhI o Society in the ma-
pie room of the Palace Ho-
. "Then . came the - memorable and . fatal
night of February 4. A. Filipino lieu
tenant and . three \ men . approached an
American sentinel and refused to. halt
when he challenged. The sentinel chal
lenged three times and then fired, as was
"his duty, killing two of the Filipino.sol- %
diers. If he. had shot an .'officer of ; the
United States army, a", commanding gen
eral, or the President of the United States
Continuing, General Funston spoke in
part as follows:
"I know you do not want me to Bay any
thing about the Philippine question, to
leave a bad taste in the mouth. So, with
your permission! I will, to use a slang ex
pression, "go way back arid sit down.' "
And Funston sat down, but > th'e ban
queters demanded that he continue, and
after some hesitation he '] proceeded. He
Epoke at some length of the conditions
that prevailed after the destruction of the
Spanish fleet and the . responsibility that
rested with the United States to protect
the defenseless city against . the . insur
gents. He described conditions following
the surrender of Manila, with a line of in
surgents drawn about the city, parallel
ing the . American forces and practically
besieging them. He said the Instruction
from General Otis was to let no taunt nor
insult or even overt act precipitate trouble
and 'the "men endured - with ¦ remarkable
self-control the constant taunts and abuse
of the Filipinos. '• 1 *<
BEGINNING OF THE STRUGGLE.
"Gentlemen of the Ohio Society: I am
somewhat in the condition of a certain
distinguished member of Congress who
used to say, 'Gentlemen, where are we
at?' I don't know, whether I should be
classed as an Ohioan, a Kansan or a Cal
if ornlan. I was born in Ohio, but found
I could not support my parents there, so
when I was two years of age I took them,
out to Kansas with me. Then the fortune
of war brought me to California, and
here I did the smartest thing I ever did
in my life, and that was to marry a Cali
fornia girl.
STARTED LIFE IN OHIO.
General Funston began his speech as
follows:
sent regrets, and also George A. Knight,
who was to represent him. But just . as
W. H. Jordan, president of the Ohio So
ciety, concluded a neat speech of intro
duction It was understood that his Ex
cellency by proxy had left the banquet
hall and he did not return.
Rear Admiral Glass, also a guest , of
honor, responded with patriotic ardor to
the toast, "Our Navy."
"Politics I.i back of the whole thing.
This ; is almost : on the verge of election
and these suits are being brought at this
time to hurt me politically. My political
enemies • have . resorted ;to the courts " to
harass me. ' It's the same thing ' as ' two
Mr. Dalton made this statement:
"As for the books, Mr. Dalton certified
that they were properly bound for the
years of 18C8 and 1S99 when they were not,
arid the' coiirity was injured to the amount
of $120 for each year. ; The County Auditor
and county expert in-lS99, assisted by the
Supervisors and the Grand Jury, forced
the rebinding of the books, while those of,
1898 still stand 'in the canvas binding in
stead i of the" leather binding .required by
the specifications. ' At ; no . time i did Mr.
Dalton order, the books rebound. -
"This suit 1 has : nothing to do with the
litigation that is now pending over the
Oakland Enquirer. I am not connected
with that litigation in any way and have
paid' but little attention to it. This
action . is ; entirely independent and does
not _ concern ; the troubles between the
stockholders, in that newspaper."
BOOKS IMPROPERLY BOUND.
"As, to the. law, I do not see how Mr.
Dalton can ; escape.* The section of the
Penal', Code rounder . which . this . suit is
brought requires a trial by the court and
does not permit of an appeal to the Su
preme .Court. Judge • Ogden has decided
that. Mr. Dalton o illegally.', withheld the
poll' tax commissions, .and that ho was
only entitled to. his exact expenses in
making up the city, assessment rolls.
These expenses were fixed- by Judge Og
den at, $2100 for two years, but we believe
that this -work was done by Mr. Dal
ton's deputies while under pay from the
county, arid that the county is entitled to
those fees. We think that this can bo
shown. " ' - •
"This matter has been under investiga
tion some time. -Mr. Crane informs
me that for two years he has been keep-
Ing watch. He decided to await the deci
sion of Judge Ogden in the matter of Mr.
Dalton's fees.* As it supported Mr. Crane's
position,', he instructed me to file the suit.
Attorney de Golia said:
<: "I have been watching this matter for
nearly two years, and when the decision
*of Judge Ogden was rendered I communi
cated'with my' attorney, and as he da
cided that 'the law was correct I have
sworn '.to the complaint. -I believe that
Mr. Dalton has committed acts that bring
him under the law which demands his re
moval." ' . ¦
Mr.: Crane said in regard to the action:
sions- for but two years were involved,
while, in "the Crane suit the commissions
for -three years 'are included, which ac
counts for the difference In figures.
Mr. Crane's accusation then seta forth
the facts that for 1S99 Mr. Dalton collected
12,596 poll taxes at $2 each, amounting to
$23,132, of which amount he only turned
into the treasury $21,413 20, retaining: for
himself $3778 SO. In the same year he col
lected 103 delinquent poll taxes at $3,
amounting to $309, of which he turned
$262 G5 into the treasury, retaining $46 35.
In 1S03 Mr. Dalton collected 12,283 poll
taxes, amounting to $21,536. of which
amount $20,855 60 was paid into the treas
ury and $3580 40 was retained. In the same
year there were 199 delinquent poll taxes
collected, aggregating $537, of which
amount $507 45 reached the treasury and
$83 S5 was retained. In 1901 the number of
"Comes now James E. Crane, and for
himself, and in the name of and In behalf
of the people of the State of California
presents and files this his verified accusa
tion in writing against Henry P. Dalton,
respondent above named, and charges and
alleges as follows, to wit."
The complaint is an unusual one and in
volves many points of law that are not at
all common. It took much research to
frame it. The document begins with this
statement:
"As to the retention of the commissions,
that was done under the advice of my
attorneys, and under such advice It Is not
an act against the law. My attorneys ad
vised me that I -was entitled to this
money and I retained It until a suit cov
ering the question could be settled. At
the time that I retained this money there
had been no decisions from any court
upon the question, and I certainly had
color of legality for my action. As there
13 no way of getting such money out -of
the county treasury after it Is once de
posited there I had to retain It or lose
It altogether, and I agreed to leave my
regular salary undrawn until a determina
tion of the suit In order to protect the
county.
"My political enemies are after me, and
that Is all there Is of it."
prices of work. All we look out for la
the number of the articles delivered Into
our office.
"It Is altogether the duty of tho Board
cf Supervisors to pass upon the correct
ness of prices and the quality of mer
chandise. We are not experts on books
or paper or bindings that are brought to
us. They charge that I O. K.'d some as
sessment rolls that cost $2 more than
they ought. "Well, that' 3' not my fault.
It's the fault of the Board of Supervisors
for passing such a Mil. I received the
goods and receipted for them and my
duty ended there.
HELD MONET UNDER ADVICE.
:. ¦ ¦ ' ' • " ¦ . ¦' .,'''.-. >¦ ¦¦ ' J
NOTED SOLDIER AND DISTINGUISHED NAVAL OFFICER WHO WERE GUESTS OF HONOR AT A BANQUET
GIVEN LAST EVENING BY THE OHIO SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA IN THE MAPLE ROOM OF THE
PALACE HOTEL. N* . -
[ There is apparent difference between
the. 'amount involved ln-this suit and that
involved in the case just .^decided by
Judge Ogden. -The suit brought yesterday
Is .based upon that which was decided ny
Judge ; Ogden, but in . the latter coxnmis-
'¦• The ¦ suit for : removal is based upon the
decision of Judge Ogden,, which; was de
livered Monday; the decision of ythe Su
preme Court In the case of Assessor
Washington Dodge of this city, whlch'de
cision formed the basis of Judge Ogden' s
action/ arid the ; Investigatlon^of; the de-.
functJr.Grand-- Jury, into the-, quality, of
printing. and bookbinding done for "Asses
sor Dalton's ;<flHce,V: Which i. work; the "As
sessor certified 'to was properly done..
Judgments have. Just been rendered
against; the County Assessor by ¦ Judge
Ogden for tho polltax commissions for the
years of 1899 and 1900 and for the fees re
ceived'from the city, of Oakland,' less. the
cost of. preparation of j the city, rolls, for
the'saine years^ " The binding of * the .as
sessment . books was- once, the ( matter of
Grand Jury Investigation in this'county,
and the ; county expert, County ; Auditor
arid Supervisors all united in forcing the
rebindlng of . the books according to the
schedule adopted by : the; Supervisors. '
WAITED FOB DECISIONS.
It is claimed by Mr. Crane and;hls at
torney that any one of these three counts
is sufficient under the Penal Code to cause
a removal. . • -.¦'-•"•' !';<
Three charges are made in the com
plaint, all of them involving the financial
relations .of County Assessor Henry P.
DaRon with the county of Alameda*dur
ing the -last three years -of his office
holding. The first is the withholding* of
polltax commissions; the second the with
holding-of thV fees for making the duplir
cate assessment rolls for the city of Oak
land,'arid the third, the certifying to the
correctness of bills of the Enquirer '¦ Pub
lishing : Company when - that
bound the S assessment books of 'Alameda
County : In canvas instead ! of . leather,
which latter material the specifications
provided for. It, is asserted .that > in: the
aggregate the'eounty of Alamed'a has been
defrauded out of $17,129 40 in these 'three
transactions, and it Is demanded -that Mr.
Dalton return", to the county, this 'amount;
out Of which Mr. Crane asks his costs and
the $500 allowed by law and that Dalton
be removed from his position as 'County
Assessor. .-' .--. '. V"? v ->
The suit. Is a civil . action, though
brought under a section of the Penal Code,
and . it was assigned to ¦ Judge ; Hall's -de
partment of the Superior Court. As Judge
Hail is at_ present absent and Judge Ells
worth is ' sitting *In his place, Mr. de
Golia appeared before the last named anil
asked that the matter be set for hearing.
After a showing had been made Judge
Ellsworth placed i the matter uoon his
docket forVhe morning or Friday, April
11, when Dalton will make his appearance.
/" The proceeding is brought under a HttleV
used section of the' Penal Code, which
permits a: taxpayer, to bring suit "against
a county official to remove him 'should
that taxpayer be able to prove malfeas
ance in office.' Under this section ; of >lhe
code trial must be had by the courts and
It is one of the few cases In which appeal
to the Supreme, Court is not permitted.
It is in the nature . of " a public prosecu
tion and the informer is allowed 1500. ;.¦'¦:-.
' -^^ was Drou Sht yesterday in
% " t^-^>' the Superior V; Courts of . -. Ala
'^J|^ r I .County, tot h ? ve A V s - es ? or
v^^^%A : Hexiry P. Dal ton of thai coun
t^^^j : ~:/,iy':. removed jj from office. ¦ The
\i-V "¦ .suit was/brought in the" name
of James'E. Crane, formerly County Clerk
of'Alameda, arid was flled ; by George E.
de Golla, as his attorney. ,
Several months ago a British " steamer
was badly damaged by an. explosion while
It was ,being loaded with supplies for the
British army ;ih South Africa. It was
declared in many quarters at the' time
that the explosion was the work of Beer
sympathizers, ; but the*matter was. never
Investigated. " • • .•¦¦: "..".-
Several, weeks ago General Pierson,.the
Boer leader, visited this city and held a
conference with the Louisiana State offi
cials. He created no little comment by
his public declaration - that he was ready
to lead a force 'of armed; men to attack
the > camp. He was defiled permission to
do' this... "'/. .' . {,
CHICAGO, April 12.— A 'special from
New Orleans says: Governor Heard ot
Louisiana has reported to the State De
partment at 'Washington that in his opin
ion the British Government is maintain
ing a military camp within the territory
of the United States. The camp in ques
tion is the one located a few miles below
this city for "the transhipment of horses
and mules .to South. Africa, there to be
used by British soldiers In the war against
the Boers. '
BRITISH CAMP IN AMERICA.
PRETORIA, April of the
train wreck show that, after leaving Bar
berton the engineer lost control of the
train on the down grade and for. three
miles it went at the rate of eighty miles
an hour. The engine jumped the rails, at
a sharp curve with five trucks filled wiih
soldiers. A terrific smashup followed and
the boiler of the engine exploded. The
engineer, and fireman were killed. Six of
the Injured soldiers have since died."
The column commander, Colonel = Law-,
ley, detached the Dragoons with the ob-_
ject of surprising a Boer; laager, , reported
to have been ten miles east of
Boschmanskop. The Dragoons found the
Boers ' strongly • posted and the burghers
were subsequently, largely reinforced with
the result that the Dragoons had to fight
a hard rear-guard action in order to re
gain the main column. The heavy firing
called up Colonel Lawley and his troops,
who drove off the 'Boers. The latter' s loss
is reported to have been heavy. ..
WBECK AN ACCrDENT.
It has been, suggested that the train
wreck near Barberton, Transvaal Colony,
March 80, resulting in the death of thirty
nine soldiers and the wounding of forty
five others, nearly all of whom belonged
to the Hampshire Regiment, was caused
by the. Boers, but Lord Kitche"ner reports
that it was accidental. The train was de
scending a steep grade when the engine
and five trucks jumped the track and
turned over.. - .
Lord Kitchener, In a' dispatch -from Pre
toria, made public last , night, announced
that the Second Dragqc*» Guards'? dtukht a
shj^^ear-guar^a?tion^/^r-^pscrimans
kop < during* "thei/eveniiVg^ 'of- MarqhTih,
Four officers, are "known to, have. been
wounded. " • .• - ''."¦• ' •
BOERS FIGHT -DRAGOONS:
Continuing, the- Morning Leader says a
German missionary a few miles distant
from the scene of \ "executlon'% | heard \ of
the. affair. Lieutenant * Hancock, „ one of
the ./ Australians " concerned, : fearing he
would divulge • his 'Information,* shot ..the
missionary dead. This shooting/ eventu
ally led to a complaint " by"! the German
Consul to Lord Kitchener, who proceeded
to court-martial the Australians. ., >'¦
Actuated by cupidity, the Australians
stopped the Boers," tried them by mock
court-martial and 'ordered all to be shot.
This was done by ¦ a' squadron of the sol
diers after some of .the non-commissioned
officers had refused to carry, out the death
sentence. ¦ The officers then '.ransacked'
the Boer wagons and were disgusted upon
finding that the £20,000 was". In Transvaal
paper money. ... . ,¦ ¦ • :¦' •
MURDERED FOB; MONEY.
The newspaper, asserts v that several of
ficers of this particular; irregular"! corps
shot natives like rabbits,*, and that they
are even suspected -of 'murdering men of
their own command;'; against .whom they
had grudges. The incident; which" led to
their court-martial was the cold-blooded
"execution" by those officers of ten Boers
who vilre journeying to Pietersburg^ with
the object of surrendering. \ It i was sup
posed these Boers had £20,000 with "them.
IX)NDON,«Aprll.3^-The Morning Leader
publishes the alleged story o f the , crimes
which led to the"court-martlal and'execu
tion of two Australian, officers In South
Africa, which Is Just : now, exciting keen
indignation in Australia. -
Details of thei Awful
Deeds of the Aus^
tralians.
NativesAre Also Shot
to Death Like
Rabbits:.
British Troops Slay
Boers? in Cold
Bloods
COMMIT
BRUTAL
CRIMES
The San Francisco Call.WASHINGTON, April , 2.— The War De^
partment Is .advised of the- death; at :Ma^
nlla on. April. 2 of First Lieutenant Bert
H. Merchant, Eighth Infantry, of dysen
tery! and liver: abscess. :He:was born/in
Michigan and was; promoted" from'; the
ranks in 1897.- ' ..... .-< . •¦ . • -. •..,•
Lieutenant, Dies in Philippines.
Talks to. Root of Aguinaldo.
WASHINGTON. April 2.— Captain George
Detchemendy, formerly, of trie .Twenty
second j Ififaulry. | had a talk with Secre
tary Root td-day with a view of securing
some official recognition of the important
part taken bv his command in : the" cap
ture of -papers- which resulted in the'cap
ture of Agu'ualdo by General Funston'a
party. . - ¦¦ - ¦, • -..v- ¦ .; ; . .;¦ *,.. .r
The Speaker and the House managers
will do everything possible to bring. about
such changes, as they consider it unfor
tunate that these three Territories should
be admitted as States In one omnibus bill.
There were a number of bills of this char
acter introduced at the beginning of . the
session and all were referred to the.Com
mittee on Territories. The committee gave
. CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 2.— The admis
sion of Oklahoma, Arizona and New Mex
ico as States, reported from the House
Committee on Territories yesterday,
promises to became one of the big issues
in the House at this session. Speaker
Henderson and the older Republican lead
ers are opposed to the bill, but It is a
privileged question, and the Committee on
Rules nas no power to prevent its consid
eration. [•¦.
• The Committee on Territories Is one of
the committees having the privilege of
reporting to the House at any time and
to have a report brought up for consid
eration by the Houbc
The Territorial Delegates, Dennis Flynn
of Oklahoma, B. F. Roder of New Mei
ico and M. A. Smith of Arizona, have been
energetically canvassing the House for
the support of such a measure since this
session began. They have been so suc
cessful that they now count in support of
the bill the entire Democratic vote of the
House and ninety Republicans. This sup
port will Insure the prompt passage of
the bill, unless a great many of the Re
publican members can be induced to
change views and renounce their pledges
to the Territorial Delegates. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦CALL' BUREAU, ; 14O6 G STREET, N.
W., ; WASHINGTON, -i April 2.—Repre
sentatlve'Grosvenor, who, - wlth : Repre-"
tentative Littlefield. of -Maine,' will* lead
the contest for the shlp_ subsidy bill in the
House, will endeavor to' have the measure
reported by -the Committee, on Merchant '
Marine and Fisheries to-morrow.' General
Grosvenor Is chalrmanVof this committee
and a special, meeting has been called
for the consideration, of the bill. Friends
of the measure have no doubt thatlt.wlll
be reported by the committee, but .there
¦will be a, "strong , minority j report against
its passage. - '>'-¦' •- .-. ¦.' ¦••-.- • ' , ; ; ¦
, Representative Minor': of Wisconsin Is
leading the; fight against the bill in 'com
mittee. Opponents In the House now. say
that it will not be brought :up for con
sideration during the present session.' Tho
House sponsors of the: bill when asked aA
to their intention about bringing ;. it for
ward this spring refuse ,to make any pre
dictions. -: It seems to t bo -the general feel
ing, that I bo far as ' the | present j session Is
concerned' the bill has; little chance of
consideration," to say, nothing of passage,
] Advocates of ship- subsidies' were;. very
much surprised at such a general expres
sion of opinion against the bill" this morn-
Ing, and they do not deny that this oppo
sition : is growing. "¦ The feeling -among
:Western- Republicans is that if the House
should pass the bill at the present' session
it would, have a very serious effect on the
coming •; Congressional ,"f elections. '. Thisy
have repeatedly told the steering commit-'
tee of the f House that It should . not 'be
brought : .up until! the short: session; if :at
all.': Their appeals appear* to have^ had
effect, and it is quite freely said now 1 ; that
the bill Is practically dead for.thepresent.
Arizona, New Mexico
and Oklahoma May
Become States.
House Is Not 'Likely to
0 Act on the Bill at
1 1 . ' i This Session.
MAY POSTPONE
SHIP SUBSIDIES
-One of the arguments against the pas
sage of this bill will be that it increases
the power of the Senate over, that of the,
House and enables the Senate to control
all legislation. This old argument:, is to
be presented in a new form by the oppo
nents of the territorial bill. £ They have
been studying the census report: for. 1900,
and find there are fifteen States with a
population combined of 1,064,000 voters.
These States are Idaho, Delaware, Mon
tana,, Nevada, North Dakota, Utah and
Wyoming, with one member each in ,the
House of Representatives, and Colorado,:
Florida, New Hampshire, Oregon, Rhode
Island,: South Dakota, Washington and
Vermont, each having two members in
the House of Representatives. These fif
teen States, with a. voting.- population r of
less .than • that of - either. New York' or
Illinois, have only twenty-three ' members
of the House, but thirty United;. States
Senators., In the House they have no un
due proportion of power, but in the Sen
ate they represent one-third of that body
and are able to exercise great power in
all legislation. It is the fear, of Increas
ing, this power In the Senate- that is Im
pelling House leaders to oppose the ad
mission of these- three. -v. Territories, as
States. . ¦:.' . v ¦ '. •¦
tho Speaker a surprise by combining the
bills and bringing in the measure reported
yesterday that admitted all three Terri
tories as States. It is doubtful if the" Sen
ate can be relied upon to defeat this bfll
if it passes the House. If it is to be de r
feated it must be by a vote in the. House
of Representatives. ;
i Washington— Original— John M, Core,
Harmony, $12. Increase— Henry , Well, Spo
kane/ $12; Lewis C. Killam, Tacoma, $24."
<Army orders 'announce that Contract
Surgeons William ;E. Hall and Arthur C.
Stokes and First Lieutenant Eugene •" R.
Whitmore, assistant surgeon, are ordered
to the Philippines via, San Francisco. A
recent order directing Lieutenant' Colonel
Benjamin . C.\ Lockwood, 1 Seventeenth In
fantry, to join- his regiment on Its arrival
at San Francisco,, Is revoked.. v ; ..
WASHINGTON, April 2.— The FostofBce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: .'.: Postoffices. established: California-
Stagy, San Bernardino County; Oregon—-
Drew, Douglas County. Postmasters com
missioned: California— Alice' M, Ellcdge,
Hesperia: Bertram C. Hlgglnson, Stags'.
Oregon— Howard Velzlan, Drew. Post
master appointed: Oregon — B. "D. Jones,
Empire, Coos County, vice F. C. Getty,
resigned.' : ' ' • ¦ •
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—Henry H. Libblng. "San
Francisco, $6. War with Spain— William
A". Blxmar, Taylor. $6; Michael J. Gard
ner, Los Angeles, $10; Maurice R. Sweat,
Sierra Madre, $30. Increase— Guadalupe
Berryessa; Alviso/ $8.- Mexican War-
Samuel J. Richardson, ; Tulare, $12. .Wid
ows—Flora E. Hinman. Palo Alto, $8;
Mary E. Powers, Sacramento, $8: Cather
ine N. Eubauer, Sau Francisco, $S.
Oregon — Original —Washington Jone^.
Mountaindale, $6. -Increase — Stephen J. E.
Arharl,.Middleton, $8; Jacob Gerber, S&l
wood, $12. '¦ '¦'¦¦'. . ¦ " .
and More New. Pensions
¦ Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal. Service
OF ' INTEREST TO PEOPLE . ;
> OF " THE PACIFIC COAST
STOCKTON. April 2. — General W.D. Sny*
man - addressed a' large mass meeting here? thi*
evf nlns in behalf of the Boer . cause. Many
prominent, citizens served as vica presidents. .
GREAT FALLS,. MonW April. 2.-^-Johh
Conway, a miner employed In themlne.3
of the Cottonwood Coal Company,, was
killed by. the premature explosion- of dy
namite .to-day. ... ;...'V : v- -->¦
Dynamite Kills a Miner.
WASHINGTON,- April 2.—Representa
tive Patterson Tennessee to-day intro
duced a ¦ bill to abolish slavery in the
Philippines and to invalidate the treaty
between General Bates and the Sultan of
the Sulu Islands. • ¦ . . •*• : •
Bill to Abolish Slavery.
The pall-bearers for Colonel Pope were
Colonel Glrard, Colonel O'Reilly,. Colonel
Hall-, Major Rafferty and Captain Rumbo.
For- Mrs. -Pope the • pall-bearers were W.
T. :Veitch, Captain James O. Bradford,
JbhnWlghtman, Captain John Stoferand
Dr.- von Radeskl. The. caskets were .low
ered into the grave by six stalwart young
sergeants of. artillery. . ,
The escore; stood at present while the
caskets were carried out and placed, the
on6'on,lts caisson and the "other. in. its
hearse. Then breaking into a column. of
fours and headed by the Artillery
Band the escort led the way to the ceme
tery. The Hospital Corps followed the
bodies, and behind it there came a num
ber;ofarmy carriages and private equip
age^,, bearing, the. relations and army
people. Among the latter. was General
Shafter. . : : .. " . :
: The' quartet sang "Good-night, I" Ai
Going Home." .' ...V : '¦''',
her, that she was soon to go to the great.be
yond. ¦ There were no tears, no , regrets Iron
her,-- The sea was rough and stormy, but hei
soul was at perfect peace with God. . Amont
her; last words as she looked up at me wen
theser. "Feed, my , lambs." . And, the prayei
was on my lips,* "Let me die the death of tht
righteous and let my end be like hers." '•
I - admired him for his sterling qualities ' as
a Christian gentleman, his skill 'as a. surgeon,
his devotion to the welfare of the men placed
The Knickerbocker Quartet sang "Gath
ering Home." Chaplain MacComber, U.
S. A., retired,' who served at 'Angel Isl
and four years with Colonel Pope, read
from the Holy Writ and the quartet sang
"Lead, Kindly Light." : :r j
Chaplain Esterbrook; who returned from
Manila on the transport that started with
one dead and arrived with two, read the
service" for the dead. Miss Rawles,
daughter of the Presidio ¦ commandant,
sang "Resurrection Morn." * '*, ¦ ¦. ¦'¦*';¦ ,.:.
Chaplain MacComber spoke .of the long
service of Colonel Pfcpe and outlined his
military record through -the Civil; War,
the Spanish War, during which he was
chief surgeon at Tampa, and with the
army of invasion at Santiago. He said of
deceased: • .' . .- ; •.-
The caskets rested side by side in. front
of the altar, arid altar and caskets were
almost hidden beneath offerings of beau
tiful flowers.
and retired, now in San Francisco, and
their wives and sons and daughters. were
in attendance, and in addition many from
3ivil life.; • : ¦ ¦¦>••¦ - - -, ., v
Talmage's . Condition Is Unchanged.
WASHINGTON, April 2.-At the resi
dence of the Rev. T. de Witt Talmage it
was stated to-day that his condition tot
the last two days has remained un
changed, t He is said to be still a very sick
man. and his physicians have Informed
the family that if there is to be any im
provement at all, it will be very slow.
IMPRESSIVE SCENES AS -BODIES OF COLONEL BENJAMIN F. POPE
AND HIS' WIFE WERE CARRIED TO PRESIDIO CEMETERY AND
.LAID SIDE BY SIDE IN, THEIR LAST RESTING PLACE. .'.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— After consult
ing Chairman Dalzell of the special com
mittee to investigate Captain Christmas'
charges in connection with the transfer of
the Danish . West Indian Islands, ' Secre
tary Hay has indicated* to the committee
his intention to appear in person before it
as a witness. He probably will go to the
Capitol to-morrow. , ',¦¦..-¦.¦
Secretary Hay to Testify.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— The President
to-day sent to the Senate the following
nominations: ¦ ¦ • . . ¦
Secretary of legation at Buenos Ayres,
Argentina— Edward Winslow Ames. ;¦•
Postmasters— California: George M.
Francis, Napa; Nelson B. Stanton, Ava
lon: Roy B. Stephens, South Pasadena. .
- Navy — Assistant paymaster, with -rank
of ensign, Walter A. Grecr of Missouri.
Assistant surgeon, with rank of lieuten
ant junior grade, Dr. Francis M.- Munson
of Delaware. . • .
Presidential Nominations.
WASHINGTON. April 2.— The plan of
building warships in Government yards
was considered by the House Committee
on Naval Affairs to-daj 1 , a large delega
tion of labor representatives being pres
ent In support of it. The delegation In
cluded James McConnell, president of the
Machinists' Association, and several ship
building experts from Norfolk, Brooklyn
ajid other points having Government
yards. ¦ .
McConnell made the main presentation,
urging that the Government had millions
invested in plants • which- should be- used
for construction as well as repair of war
ships. When Representative • Dayton sug
gested that Admiral Bowles,' chief of the
Naval Bureau of Construction, had stated
that he would not recommend the build
ing of ships in Government yards unless
the navy-yard wages were equalized, with
those of private yards, McConnell . said
the idea of lower wages could not have
been made seriously, at a time when the
tendencies were toward higner wages. He
argued that in the Interest of the public
Government construction would be bene
ficial and that incidentally the labor In
terests would be much benefited.; . . •-.
FAVORS CONSTRUCTION .
BY THE GOVERNMENT
FIGHT AGAINST
THEIR ADMISSION
After the sorrowing relatives had been
left alone with the dead for a brief fare
well - the doors were opened and the
quaint little chapel was quickly filled.
Hundreds stood about the . entrance an-1
hundreds' more of friends and acquaint
ances of the deceased wended their way to
the cemetery to await the services there.
Practically all the army officers, active
Music and Eulogies in Chapel.
The military escort consisted of four
companies of Coast Artillery, under com
mand of Major.. Randolph. During ' the
services ¦ in the little chapel the escort
stood at rest In battalion front along the
lane that passes the chapel.
Soldiers of rank were pall-bearers ' for
Colonel Pope. There was an . escort of
an entire battalion, as prescribed by" the
regulations Xor ±h£ f uneraL of a. .colonel.
Army chaplains read, the simple services
for the -dead used at military- burials. A
flag-draped caisson bore, the body of the
husband. Volleys were fired over the
grave by the entire escorting battalion,
and a bugler sounded "taps" at the close
of the service. . - ' * . "
The pathetic story of the death in mid
ocean of the brave but heartbroken wife
and mother, who was escorting homeward
the body of her husband, softened the
hearts of all who heard the service or
saw the funeral cortege, whether they fol
lowed the coffin-laden .caisson and the
hearse to the cemetery or simply stood
in soldierly. a.Uitude_wJth uncovered head's
and watched the sad procession wind up
the road to the soldiers^ burying ground.
Cemetery, where they were laid
yesterday afternoon with the military
honors due the rank of the husband and
with the tribute of grief of a thousand
friends. Seldom separated during the
Boldler husband's long years of military
service, the veteran and his helpmeet
sleep together in the grave to which one
was led bv arduous duty and the other
by her great love.
THE bodies of Colonel Benjamin F.
Pope and his wife rest side by
side in a grave cut into the grassy
slope of the Presidio National
An amusing colloquy then followed be
tween-the two Senators as to the mean
ing 1 of -the words "paramount" and "pri
mary." ; . • ¦' " .
.The' Senate at 4:55 p. m. went into ex
ecutive session,' and at 5:10 p. m. ad
journed. ;•>.¦¦:•'.-•-.:••- •'-. V
"But- is it. (the' raising' of revenue) the
paramount object?" Inquired Stewart* Of
Nevada. " • . ¦• "
• "It is the primary , object,'* replied
Spooner. _¦.>..
"But not the paramount object?" per
sisted the Nevada Senator. : : !
"I say. that the object of this b'll Is" to
raise-revenue," replied Spooner. "In other
words: -I- say tlmt- in • the i exetcise'of the
discretion which the ronstitutlon gives ua
we . select this' article as an' object of
taxation." ' ' ' ' . .
"Will the Senator from Wisconsin Fay."
inquired Bailey, "that the object of the
bill is to raise revenue?" - \
At the conclusion • of Depew's remarks
Bailey and Spooner became involved In a
colloquy as to some legal phases. of the
bill. •
To Raise Revenues.
Bailey sharply arraigned the creameries
and cheese factories of the country, the
former of which, he said, was the real
backer of the legislation proposed. He
could understand, he said, the Republican
policy of protection of industries, but this
new policy to legislate for the destruction
of Industries was entirely incomprehensi
ble to him. In the pending measure.
Bailey said in conclusion, the majority of
Congress was endeavoring to settle a con
tention among competing manufacturers.
j Depew to the Rescue. •
' Depew spoke in supfJort of the bill. He
said he never heard a speech which had
so fired his fancy, so appealed to his im
agination, and bad had so little effect on
his judgment as 'that of Bailey's. He had
been taught that competition was the life
of trade, but competition ought to be
/honest. If a merchant deceived his cus
tomers • by foisting on them ;a fraud he
believed that man ought to be reached by
law, because S every man when - he pur
chased an article had a right to get what
he paid for. ; • --
In the course of his brief speech De-.
pew, referring to' an allusion- made by
Bailey, said that the American girl had
been put in a wrong; position before the
people of the United States.
, "I forgot at the moment," interjected
Bailey, "a recent.. occurrence in the life of
the Senator from New York, or I should
not have made the allusjon." (Laughter.)
"And but for that occurrence," retorted
Denew, laughing aja he spoke, "I.shoujd
have, left- a younger man .to come to the
deferiseof the American girl. .It wajs'thk
Senator's youth and beauty (great laugh
ter) which, astonished me when he made
that remark. If he had been soured and
disappointed "in love> or if the sex, had
treated him in some way that would lead
to remark about it like that, I should
have understood him. But no one can
meet the Senator, no one can see him so
cially, or In his grave 'and dignified posi
tion, no one can see his photograph on
Pennsylvania- avenue, wlthout.recognlzlng
that his geniality, his happiness, his elo
quence, have come because the American
girl has admired him and loved-him."
(Long-continued laughter.) ¦ ¦ . . ; ¦
"And he never ought to have gone-back
on her to-day by saying she is a fraudu
lent specimen of living oleomargarine."
(Laughter.) .
Bailey conceded' trie right of Congress to
enact the proposed, bill as a revenue
measure, and every Senator who support
ed the measure to raise revenue was en
tirely within his conscience and his oath
of c.Tice, but if any Senator should vote
for it to suppress the oleomargarine in
dustry he would "do violence to his sense
of duty and to his obligations of office."
He declared that the purpose of the bill
ij'as not to raise revenue, and in support
of ills assertion quoted the statements of
the principal proponents of the pending
measure.
"I undertake to say," said he, "that
there is not a man in this chamber who
either intends or expects to raise revenue
by this measiS*:-." -• . ; •
He maintained that the propsed bill con
tained a palpable and even a wicked vio
lation of the/constitution In the placing of
a tax on Sn article manufactured and
sold within a State.
Talks Against the Taxi
WASHINGTON, April 2.— Discussion of
the oleomargarine bill in the Senate 10
day was relieved by two or three brijjht
colloquies between Senators. Ealley of
Texas concluded his speech begun yester
day in opposition to the measure, occupy
ing most of the time devoted by the Sen-^
ate to the billts consideration. His argu
ment was brilliant and at times eloquent,
and attracted the careful attention of
Senators on both • sides of the chamber
and of the occupants of the crowded gal
leries. He was followed by Depew of New
York In a bright and witty speech in sup
port of the measure. Depew matched his
wit with that of Bailey on the subject of
the American girl, and the sallies of the
two Senators were greeted with shouts o£
laughter, both on the floor and in the gat
lerits. The Texan's keen reference to the
recent marriage of Depew was most hap
pily fenced by the New York Senator in
his reference to the love and admiration
excited in woman by "the youth and.
beauty" of Bailey. ; ¦
At his own request. Colonel E. Van Ars
dale Andruss, Artillery Corps, has been
retired. He is from New Jersey.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— The President
to-day appointed Brigadier General R. P.
Huf hes a major general and Colonel
Isaac D. de Russy, Colonel Andrew ri. '
Burt and Colonel M. V. bheiidan to be!
brigadier generals in the regular army to •
lill existing vacancies caused by j
ments. " ' ,„
General Hughes entered the military :
service as a private of the Twelfth Perm- '
Eylvania Volunteers, April 25, 1&6L He
tose during the progress of the Civil \<ar
lo be lieutenant general and in ls>63 en
tered the regular army as a captain. He
was appointed a brigauier general or. vol
unteers at the outbreaK ot the war with
Spain ana a brigaaier general in the reg
mar army on .February i of last year
when the army was reorganized. Hughes
was brevetted coionel of volunteers tor
gallant and meritorious services at Fort
tjregg, Va., and brevetted a major in the
regular service for gallant service against ,
the Indians. He served as provost mar- i
shal of Manila and subsequently com- ;
manded the Department of tue Visayas. J
Colonel Andrew Burt was born in Ohio (
and entered the volunteer service as a ser- .
geant in the Sixth Ohio Infantry in April, ;
N 186L He was appointed a lieutenant in the
regular army on May 11, 1S61, and rose to ;
the second ranking colonel in the line of
the army. During the Civil War he ¦
served in the Eighteenth Infantry in the j
Army of the Cumberland, subsequent to ;
which he was almost continuously on I
frontier service from Montana to Arizona !
until the outbreak of the war with Spain, i
He was apointed a brigadier general of i
volunteers on May 14, lisyS, and command- ;
cd the First Brigade, Second . Division, {
Seventh Army Corps, during the war with !
Spain. After his discharge as brigadier ;
general of volunteers he accompanied his :
regiment to the Philippines, where he has ;
since been on duty. He was orevetted for
gallant and • meritorious services in the
battle of Mills Spring, Ky.. in 1S62, and ¦
also for gallant and meritorious services .
during the Atlantan campaign and espe- j
cially in the battle of Jonesboro, Ga. :
Colonel Isaac D. de Russy was born ¦
in Virginia and appointed from New York 1
as a second lieutenant in the First In- '
fantry. April 26, 18G1, and has followed ;
the fortunes of the regular army, rising ,
through the grades to be senior colonel in :
the line of the army. He served through- j
out the Civil War with the regulars. At ;
the outbreak of the war with Spain he ac- I
companied his regiment to Porto Rico,
where he remained until December, 1903.
He went to the Philippines in April. 1901, j
and is at present on duty in tjiose islands. I
He has served continually in the regular j
army for more than forty years. ;
Colonel M. V. Sheridan was born in j
Ohio and entered the volunteer service as j
a second lieutenant of the Second Missouri >
Infantry, September, 1S63. He was ap- j
pointed to the regular service in Feb
ruary, 1866. He was brevetted for gallant
and meritorious service -in the battle of
Opequan and in the battle of Fishers
Hill. He served as brigadier general of
volunteers in the war with Spain. In
the Civil War .he had an unusually active
battle record, having served in a great j
number of fights. . He also participated in |
a number of Indian campaigns. He served
ss adjutant general- at Camp Thomas,
Chickamauga Park, durincr the organiza
tion of the 75,000 volunteers in the war
with Spain and also participated in the
Porto Rico campaign. Upon bein.? re
lieved from Porto Rico he was sent to
command the Department of the Lakes at
Chicago.
Sallies of the Two Senators
Brighten Argument on
Oleomargarine BilL
. : How great was the shock when we heard he
had been called to lay down his armor on that
distant battlefield'. The army has lost a brave
officer and the country a true patriot.
I The strain was too much for the wife's frail
body, and in midocean her spirit took wingsr
¦ to join the beloved husband. I am sure all
will Join in . the prayer that the Great Shep
herd in ' whom Ehe trusted will ! temper the,
wind to the shorn lamb | and will comfort, as.
He alone • can the bereaved children, j ¦
Chaplain Tells of Wife's Death. .
Chaplain Esterbrook spoke briefly. He
said In -part: •
- In tho truest sense we can say of those
who have been taken from us, "They are not
dead, but sleepeth." They were in the land
of . the dying, mow they are in the lanu of the
liv.ng. So are we reminded of the great dif
ference between the transitory and. the eternal.
. When we started from Manila the bereaved
wife seemed physically fit for the trip. But
grief bore Her down and in . spite of all skill |
could- do. it pleased God in His infinite mercy I
to join them together. It fell to me to tell
tn his care and his great love as husband and
father. . ' .
Hughes Is Awarded the
Honor of a . Major '
Generalship.
Depew Arouses Much
Mirth in Replying
; toBaiiey. /
Colonel Benjamin F. Pope and Mrs. Pope Are Laid to Rest in the
National Cemetery With Impressive Military and
With Tribute 6i Grief From .Many • Sorrowing Friends
Army Officers Receive
Promotion for Good
Service.
PRESIDENT SETS
STARS IN STRAPS
DEFENDS FRIB
AMERICAN GIRL
ONE GRAVE ON THE PRESIDIO SLOPE
HOLDS SOLDIER AND DEVOTED WIFE
THE SAN : THUE^AX, A piiIJ HL 3 » 190 ".
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day
I Take Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabjets. : .All
i drursrists refund the money -If -it' fails to "cure,
i E. ¦ W." Grove' b signature Is on each box, 25c. v
Its least: virtue is- that",
it lasts so. ,-.. •-, \ :
Soap is for comfort- and
¦ cleanliness..
. .Pears' soap cleanliness-T-
perfect cleanliness .; and
comfort. ' v - •
Sold all over the world. : .
7v> a rwi iiAU/ U/Ani/ THROUGHTHE
ICAN NOW WORK ~^inOont^
Without Feeling Fatigued, Peruna Has Given
Me Perfect Health.
ROSALIE A. GOULDING. Washing.- :^^^^H)l '•
ton. D. C, is Chief Vice Templar. jfe*wiHil (
Acme Lodge No. 3. I. O. O. F., Blr- I )
mingham, Ala., also Secretary of the Pan- *£f^P%}Rr^&Z^ffl!a\ W \l \\ Hi \
American History Company, writes: *^^^^\S^^^f*p^\' W "'»iJ»» \
"Continued literary work and closi (
application at my desk last spring (
seemed to affect me. I soon found my \
usual menial and physical force giv- ' \
ing way and realized that my brain ¦*H?^Tgp» 1^
fivlfy, while my appetite was on the " i
decline cnd'my general tons showed -^-~— —^-^T^ : — w *"^*^ s< 7 -^*"
me that I needed a chanqe which my feelings ana perhaps acquiring a fatal
, .., ., , n ..i ..•_ disease can find themselves .in a3 excel-
OUSy life would not allow at that time. lent spirits and health as at any 'other
''I decided to take a tonic and 0 ! i^Tr Peruna when the first
asked a friendly druggist What he languid feelings make themselves- ap-
s,/i .,<.,//» ..os/ /An A.W nnH ha nnvmnnoH Parent in the spring. Take it according to
considered the best and tie answerea, £ he directions n t he bottle, continue this
Peruna is the one that never fails. treatment through the first months of
_ _, . . , . ¦ ¦, , .,i spring. This course of treatment i3 not
"For three weeks I used It taitlt- experiment; it is as positive in its result*
fulffandwas-nr^mucWeasedto ftffi^lffiSBSSSiSKS'ffi^Sii?
find that it brought mo Strsngth. runa is positively the best spring medicine
"/ can hew work for hours without y< £ Seat'Sa^Tyirara of extensive trial
feeling fatigued and : am . enjoying -^JgLn""^ &*&&&*£*£-.
perfect health, and am thoroughly are no failures.
nnnvinnaH ihnt Parana is a osrfsctlv If vou do not derive prompt and satls-
convmcea mat raruna is a psriacny factory resu i ts from t h e: use of- Peruna,
reliable remedy. ¦ . write at once tof>r. Hartman. giving a
• -•- - one/trie a rr.tn rumr fu U statement of your case and he will
tfUoALlt M. bUULUIftU. be pleased to give you this valuable ad-
Any one can escape entirely the 111 ef- vice gratis. ' :.
fects of spring weather, and instead" of Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tho
dragging drearily through weeks of bad Hartman" Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio."
ADVEBTISEMZNTS. j
g ' ' g:
I Deservedly The § |
I Renowned Whiskey I !
I of the World s|
<* - ¦ .§¦
' - v
pS53 5
*3« • I '' jT ** « "¦
I The American Genflemao's Whisk ey |
§ and for ladies obliged to use a §
g stimulant this is THE Whiskey. X
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
"¦'¦¦¦ jr-s. ° Strictly Reliable.
f^ Dr. Talcott & Co.,
'\ itlPS^ Practice' Confined to
¦//^^^h^s. .Contracted and Functional '¦•-'¦
fWf Disorders of- Men :
"WEAKNESS" i/^
¦ That condition commonly known as • 'weakness'.* is In reality one of the most slm-. .¦
',' - pie of" men's ailments, and one that yields promptly and completely to correct treat-
ment. For generations past physicians have been handing down a moss-grown, theory
. '.to the effect that prematureness. loss of power, etc., are due to nervous derangements ._
brought on through dissipation, and to this day the ' treatment commonly employed.by " "
moat physicians and specialists is a nerve-stimulating one that excites . the organs,
to temporary activity, but which in the end cannot fail to aggravate the real dla- '
order. "Weakness" is nothing more than a symptom resulting from a tender, swollen
and Inflamed condition of the prostate gland. This prostatto disorder is "most . fre- .
quently due to early dissipation or to injury caused by some contracted disease. My '
treatment is a local -one entirely, no stimulants or tonics being employed, and' Is
¦ in every Instance promptly effective In ¦ restoring the prostate gland to Its normal -
state. ' As this is accomplished full and complete strength and. vigor return. , Such
a. cure is absolute and permanent and by no other method can a like cure be effect- '
ed. Colored chart of the Organs sent upon application,: .. '.....
; , . F. L. Taloott, M. D., or Dr. Talcstt & Co , 997 Market Street, Cor. Sixtk'
See Picturesqjje America^
The "picturesque Places arid the Picturesque PeoDle of I
this Picturesque country/-^ ,\~ » *"^"»
are passed bj^ tK & CAIJFORNIAlLIMITEDContinued From -Page One.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 2.— William Mc-
Cormick, one of -the best-known horse
trainers 6n the coast, while under the in
fluence of liquor late this afternoon,; shot
and mortally wounded a stableman named
Thomas Culled , The tragedy occurred at
the racetrack of Rancho del Paso, | the
famous stock farm of James B. Haggin,
near Arcade. Cullen reached.! the county
hospital at 9 o'clock to-night ' and died
two hours later. McCormick was locked
up in the county jail. .
- McCormick has for several months been
employed at Rancho del Paso. He. came
to Sacramento this morning^en horseback,
and while here indulged in ! considerable
liquor. Late this afternoon he droye.up
to the stables in a buggy obtained from a
local livery stable. He was seated next
to a'boy leading a saddle horse. A num
ber of men were at work about the
stables, including .'Thomas Cullen, who
was engaged in. currying a horse. '; Ac
ccunts differ as to what McCormick said,,
but one of. the ..' stablemen : says he
shouted: • - ' \ . ¦'-'¦ ;'
"Look out, boys, I'm going to blow."
In any\ event, he- alighted from the
buggy, drew his revolver and began ¦hoot
ing at Cullen, the others . having fled to
shelter. One of the four shots fired struck
Cullen in the abdomen. He had the"
strength to grapple with- his assailant,
however, and, wresting the smoking pistol
from JklcCormlck's hands, belabored him
soundly on the hea.d with it. ¦ Dazed by
the blows and still under, the Influence of
liquor, McCormick staggered into., one • of
the stalls, crawled into a manger, spread
a horse blanket over his: body, and there
lay in a stupor until several? hours: later.
Under Sheriff Reese and' Deputy Schwilk
placed him under arrest and started with
him to this city. >.. ¦ V- ; "> -
Dr. W. H. Baldwin was summoned from
Sacramento to attend - Cullen. ! He pro
nounced his wound, fatal. The wounded
man was conveyed to the county hospi
tal, where it was found the .bullet had
pierced the intestines, lodging In tne back.
He was conscious for only, a few
McCormick and Culleh were - close
friends, and absolutely no explanation Is
offered for the deed other than that it was
the caprice of a drunken man. < At the
jail to-night when asked about the, shoot
ing McCormick, whose ;head showed sev
eral ugly bruises/muttered that. he knew
nothing about it. • ¦ . ¦ ~ r
Cullen made an ante-mortem statement,
in which he said that McCormick shot at
him four times without uttering a worcj,
and that there was no cause for. the act.
Cullen worked . on the rancho two
months. He- had one sister,' Mrs. Marv
Clare," at Brighton Beach, ¦ N. -Y., and an
other, • Mrs. -Jane Marlow, at Yonkers,
N. y. -- ¦ - . ..*.. .;. . -. .- •. . ¦_
McCormick is one of .' the ' ablest .horse
trainers on ' th€\ Pacific Coast, if not In
the United States. He was for" many
years the trainer for Theodore Winters,
the turfman of California and Nevada.
Two of his notable achievements. in Win
ters' service were the development of El
Rio Rey, the great two-year-old, and of
the three-year-old filly, Yo Tamblen, he
appearing with i those and' other famous
horses on Eastarn tracks." At different
times he was employed In a similar capa
city by .Superintendent John Mackey of
Rancho del Paso. 'He -is /about 43 years
old and unmarried.* Cullen was about '30
years old and .unmarried. ..z., r ..... j
ACTION IS BROUGHT- TQMREMOVE;*
Drunken Man's Caprice Re
'eults in the Murder of
Thomas Cullen.
Wm. McOormick Kills
a Rancho.del Paso
Stableman.
NOTED TRAINER'S
WANTON CRIME
Grand Parlor's Programme.
SANTA CRUZ, April 2.— The committed
has completed the programme for the en
tertainment of the Grand Parlor, Native
Sons of the Golden West. The delegates
are to arrive on Sunday. April 27, and will
be met by the reception committee. On
Monday, at 10 o'clock, the Grand Parlor
will convene. In the evening a reception
will be tendered at the Ocean House Hall
by citizens. Tuesday will be excursion
day and will be given over to- pleasure.
On Wednesday there will be the big clam
bake at the beach and. in the evening the
ball at the armory. On Thursday, the
last day, an excursion will be run from
San Jose under, the auspices of the par
lors of that city and another excursion is
to bo run from Watsonville. There will b«
a parade and in the evening a banquet
will take place in the Sea Beach Hotel.
SCHIiOTTERBACH'S CASE
IS UNDER ADVISEMENT
Santa Rosa's Marshal Gives Sensa-
tio'nal Testimony on Closing
Day of the Hearing.
SANTA ROSA, April 2.— The examina
tion of Attorney Peter I* Schlotterbach
was brought to a close this afternoon in
Justice Brown's court and the case was
taken under advisement until 2 o"clock to
morrow. City Marshal C. H. Holmes was
on the stand this morning and told at
conversations he had had with "Doc"
Cozad in regard to the latter's meetings
with Schlotterbach. The witness had
concealed himself in some brush In a va
cant lot where Cozad had told him he
and the defendant were to meet. While
there, Holme3 said, he heard Cozad say
that $1000 wa» not enough for the job. for
the . money was to be divided between
Schlotterbaeh, Churchill and himself.
Schlotterbach replied that $100 was
enough for Churchill.
Holmes told of the eavesdropping of
himself and Cozad at a window of Schlot
terbach's dwelling while Churchill was In
conversation wfth the attorney. Marshal
Holmes said that he considered his course
proper, as he was an officer of the law,
and that he had kept District Attorney
Webber Informed of what he learned.
All Union Barbers of the Cap-
ital City About to Go
on Strike.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO. April 2.— The art of
shaving oneself Is gaining new devotees
daily, in view of the almost certain strike
of all the journeymen barbers in this
city. The breach betweenythe Master Bar
bers' Union and the Journeymen Barbers'
Union has widened to such an eitent that
both sides declare it cannot be bridged
and that a walkout is inevitable.
The trouble arose over a proposition to
keep the shops closed on Sundays. Thi3
was agreed to by the Master Barbers'
Union, representing the employers, and
an agreement was accordingly entered
into to this effect, in which it was pro
vided that the minimum rate of wages
should be $12 a week. The Journeymen's
Union afterward met and increased tha
minimum wage rate to $14. The master
barbers, many of whom were not desirous
of closing their shops on Sundays In any
event, declined to accept the new wage
rate and announced in positive terms that
they intended to keep open on Sundays
up to the noon hour. In the face of this
action the journeymen have announced
their -determination not to work on Sun
days on and after April 13, and they de
clare they will fight the employers to a
finish.
Sacramentans Are Prac
ticing at Shaving
Themselves.
PRIVATE RAZORS
BEING STROPPED
Joint'. Smashers" Again Abroad.
LEXINGTON, Neb., April .; 2.-f Twelve
women, followers "of Mrs. Carrie • Nation,
all heavily veiled, raided aV'joint"; at Ed
dyvUle last night, smashing the large mir
ror \nd : other furniture , and destroying
several cases of liquor. .James Ham
mond; with , keeping the = place/
was, given twenty-four \ hours^ to 'leave
town or. receive a coat of tar and feathera.
Offer to Carry Sugar Free.
; LONDON. 'April . 2.— Telegrams : from
Liverpool? say -that the Elder Dempster
Company.'. ; announces that" it ; Is willing
to i carry : sugar from , Kingston', • Jamaica,
to-'Avonmouth," England, , free of ... charge,
in crder.to help the West Indian planters
tide over the period until -the sugar.boun
ties are: cboHsntd, and to cultivate trade
i between Jamaica and England.
Alameda as aforesaid, and , the < same was
.thereafter, because of ' the, indorsement
thereon and ; approval , thereof, ,t made % by
saidrDalton r as aforesaid,' fully pald'-by
said, county of Alameda/ all of .which said
Dalton k then - knew, and i this . complainant
alleges ithat^ in so -approving said claim
rsnd demand against said county andper
; mlttlng the ¦ same to ; be paid pro
test' from l him, said , Dalton,' said ¦ Daltor
did .' neglect ', to .-.perform '.. an official ¦ dutj
pertaining to his said office as said Coun
ty i Assessor; as ' aforesaid."
HORSE STRUCK BY ENGINE,
WAGON BY < ELECTRIC CAR
Judge Irwin Stratton Dangerously
Injured in Peculiar Collision in
San Bernardino.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 2.— In a col
lision here late this afternoon Judge ,Ir
wln-Stratton, proprietor and owner, of the
Nil'-Sed Optimus stock farm of Kansas,
was probably fatally- Injured and-Norlih,
one of the most famous trotting stallions
of Kansas, was killed.. The Southern Pa
cific Company's tracks and the tracks of
the electric street railway ¦ parallel each
other, on E street. Judge Stratton waa
driving south on E street and at. the same
time- the - electric car and the Southern
Pacific train, were coming north, .i Strat
ton's horse became frightened and jumped
sideways across the two tracks. The
train struck /the horse, killing • It, while
the street car- struck the wagon, smash
ing it to pieces and throwing Judge Strat
ton beneath the car. When rescued from
the debris the Judge .was suffering from a
broken thigh, two fractured ribs and seri
ous Internal injuries. -
This camp is In such keen demand that Boise
and • 6al^ Lake promoters are on the ground
and paying spot cash for the cheaper claims.
They pay from $1000 to $3000 cash on larger
properties for thirty and sixty day options. No
miner in this camp will give an option on any
terms. -
SPOKANE, April 2.-The first letters re
ceived In more than a month direct from
Thunder Mountain, the new Idaho gold
district, have arrived, coming out in four
teen days by way of Warren and Weiser.
F. A. Hobbs writes:
Buying Up the Gold
Claims.
Miner Says Syndicates Are Eagerly
WBITES OF THE RICHNESS
OF THUNDER MOUNTAIN
PHOENIX. Ariz.. April 2.— News has
been received here of an important cap
ture made last Friday at the Old ranch
on Blue River, in Eastern Arizona, by
Deputy Sheriff Parks of Graham County
and Pollard Pearson, an Arizona ranger.
The man in custody Is John Smith, who
has been going by the name of Sam Bass.
He was a partner of Cook. Neil and Rob
erts, who were arrested three weeks ago,
and Is wanted for participation in the rob
bery of a New Mexico postoffice. Smith
has been taken to Solomonvllle to await
the coming of the New Mexico officers.
Arizona Outlaw Captured.
by the Taft Commission. There, is no
doubt in my mind that In a year the army
in the Philippines can be reduced to one
third Its present size, and that in five
years It can be reduced to 4000 or BOOC
men, who, with the aid of native police,
can keep the islands tranquil." -
SHOBTBIBGB SPEAKS.
Samuel M. Shortrldge spoke In happy
vein of Ohioans. He said by way of in
troduction:
"Whatever may be determined as to the
constitution. California canned goods and
Kentucky wet goods follow the nag. Per
haps it may be said with equal truth that
wherever* a plum hangs luscious on the
political tree there is an Ohio man ready,
able and willing. to reach out for it, and
that he generally gets it.
"The ubiquity of the Ohio man H
unique. He Is, indeed, everywhere—par
ticularly in the civil offices. He so loves
his .country that he cannot bear to see
her affairs conducted by any one- except
himself. 'Take the wings of morning and
the Barcan desert pierce,' yet the Ohio
man is there, filling with credit and dis
tinction the post of Consul."
Judge Hunt responded with his usual
felicity to the toast, ."Our Judiciary."
Among those present were the following
named: •
'General Frederick Funston, Admiral Henry
Glass, Judge Hunt, ¦ Mayor Schmltz, S. M.
Shortrldge, ¦ William H. . Jordan, v J. W.
Richards, John ' H. ( Ware, C . W. - Bronson, SI.
D.; Dr James W. Ward,- A. Ruef; Henry
Michaels,"- C. F." Michaels.-!*. R. Arter. John
Hoyt. E.H. Hart, A. W. Col ver, James H.
Mo (Tat t. E. L. Baldwin, John W. Merrlck, H,
H' Colby, TV. .V.^Lamme, -P.'R. Deremer, Dr.
F. Cornwall, N. A. Whlteslde.- J. A. Mc-
Dougald,- Marlon Harris, W. B. Gelser. TV. S.
Stltt.- J. ' A. : Erwln. • J. C. ' Campbell, Byroa
Jackson. H. Hurtdleston, E.- Dunn., Dr. E. F.
Gloser. M. E. Baker, F.'-TV. Trower. W. E.
Boyer, G. A:..Scheer. E. ' H. Mozart, Edwin
Bonnell, TV. L. Maubo. M. R. Krigbaum.-W.
E. Shepman.' ,C Ar Malm, A. C, Henry, G.
"A: Dougherty. -A'. F. Stevens. H. ; W. ¦.Throp,
C. B. Throp, R. B. Treat. S.B. Goldberg. H.
M.. Goldberg. Mlenry Frohman, C. C.f.TVads
worth/ G."H. Cunningham, C..R. Johnson. H.
Li v Cochran, ' Tr--ti." Johnson, Ralph J.; Harding.
C. Pi Wright._F. Grass.. I... ;M. Kaiser. Henry
HUp. ; David- Bush. Rolla V. Watt, J. A. Mor
gan, J. Goldberg andA.'F. Gross.-
Continued From Page One.
FUNSTOH FIGHTS SHY.
"Every effort is being made by the Mex
ican military forces to check the out
break which now seems certain. The In
dia/is move in large bands, stealing cat
tle, raiding ranches and obtaining am
munition and arms wherever possible."
McDonald says the Americans are leav
ing that portion of Sonora as fast as pos
sible, .^v
"A. regiment of soldiers is now sta
tioned at La Mesa," said McDonald. "It
has surrounded all the water holes in the
mountains bordering the Yaqui Valley,
and hopes by this means to keep the In
dians back. At Terra Mecuca a few
days ago sixteen Mexican cowboys were
almost surrounded by Yaquis and had a
narrow escape. Only by hard riding did
they get away from the Indians. The cow
boys were armed with six-shooters, but
the band of Yaquis numbered several
hundred and the cowboys were afraid to
fight them.
A. C. McDonald and a number of other
American mining men arrived in South
ern Arizona to-aay.' McDonald rays the
officers tola him that serious trouble was
expected and a general outbreak was im
minent. "
ittrCSON, Ariz.. April _ 2.— Mexican
troops are being mobilized to check the
Yaqui rebellion, which seems to have
broken out anew, and Americans have
been warned by military officers of the
Mexican army to leave the mountain dis
tricts of Sonora.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Resolved. That we do recommend and urge
the passage of said bill and recommend all
associations and persons in Southern Callfor
r,!a interested in fruit culture, or water for Ir
rigation, to use their influence for the passage
of said bill Introduced by Senator Bard and
Representative McLachlan.
¦^'hereae, Tbore has been Introduced Into the
Senate of Uie United States a bill by Senator
Perkins cf California, known as Senate bill
3711. which, we believe, if passed, would
greatly injure the citrus fruit industry of
£outh*>rn California; now. therefore, be it
Resolved. That we, the Southern California
Fruit Exchange, representing the combined
fruit exchanges of Southern California are
strongly opposed to said bill and firmly against
Its passage. a.nd T/e recommend all associations
and s-ereons Interested In fruit culture of any
kind and in any water right-!, or water used
tcr irrigation purposes, to use their Influence
egsiiict the passage of eald bill; and
Whereas. A certain other bill has been in
troduced into the United States Senate by Sen
ator Bard and known as Senate bill 3374, and
In the House by Representative McLac'hlan.
and known an House bill 10.390. and which'
we believe, -will protect the Interests of the
¦uem of water and lrrigators, and If passed
and becomes law will fairly and justly serve
th« Interests of all parties concerned; there
fore, be It further
LOS ANGELES. April 2.— At a meeting
to-day of the board of directors of the
Southern California Fruit Exchange the
following- resolutions were adopted:
Favor Measure Introduced
by Bard.
Southern California Fruit Exchanges
DENOUNCE THE B3XL
PRESENTED BY PESKINS
LONDON. April 2.— A dispatch to tVe
Morning Post from Bagdad. Asiatic Tur
key. say6 that an Australian millionaire
named Darcy has secured an important
concession to work an oil belt in southern
and southwestern Persia. Darcy pro
poses to lay a pipe line from the head of
Kerkhah Valley to Mohammera. These
oil beds are believed to be very valuable
and to yield pure oil. s
Will Seek Oil in Persia.
poll taxes collected was 12,436, amounting
to $24,872, of which $21,141' 20 was turned in
and $3730 80 was retained. This. year the
delinquent poll taxes numbered 132,
amounting to, $386, of which $336 60 was
paid into the treasury and $53 40 retained.
The total amount of poll tax commissions
thus retained for the three years amounts
to $11,385 30, and the accusation upon this
point reads: i- ,
"That the aggregate amount of the
money so retained by said Dalton as
aforesaid, and which he should have set
tled for with the Auditor of said county,
and should have paid into the eounty
Treasurer's office of said county for tno
years 1899. 1900 and 1901 as aforesaid, is'
the sum of $11,385 SO, none of which has
been paid, by said Dalton to said County
Treasurer in violation of, and in neglect^
of the performance of the official duties
of him, said Dalton, as^ said County As
sessor, and in violation of, and in neglect
of the official duties so pertaining to his
office as said County Assessor of said
county of Alameda as aforesaid.
"That demand has been made by- the
District Attorney of sale county of Ala
meda, of and from v said Dalton.- as said
County Assessor, to account to -the Audi
tor of said' county for. and to pay into the
County Treasury of said county, all said
sums so retained "and withheld by said
Dalton as aforesaid, and so aggregating
said sum of $11,385 30 as aforesaid, but said
Dalton has willfully and fraudulently,
failed and neglected and refused and' still
Willfully, fraudulently, unlawfully . and
with intent to defraud the county of Ala
meda out of said sums^and of the aggre-»
gate thereof, as aforesaid, failed, neg
lected and refused to account' to said
Auditor for said aggregate sum or to pay
the same into-the said County Treasurer's
office, or any of said Bums, or any part
thereisf." ,
PAID BY COUNTY.
The preparation of the duplicate assess
ment rolls for the city of Oakland in. 1899
Is then set forth, with the fact that'Mr.'
Dalton collected $1934. . This is followed by
the 'charge that Dalton and his deputies
were paid for this work ,by the county,
and he kept the. fee,s. The complaint con
tinues:" . . . . ¦ . ... . .
"That at all the times herein mentioned
said Dalton, as said Assessor,,was draw
ing and receiving- from said county of
Alameda a salary allowed to \him as such
Assessor as fixed by law.
"That on October 4, 1899, said Dalton did
file -with the County Auditor of said
county of Alameda. a written instrument,
verified by said Henry P. Dalton, marked
'County Assessor's Statement,' In which
he declares, and this complainant alleges
the fact to be, 'that ¦ upon demand . from
the city of Oakland he furnished for the
fiscal year of 1899-1900 the assessment roll
for the property situate in the city of
Oakland, county of Alameda,' and that
the deputies in his office prepared said
roll aforesaid at an expense of $1416 66 2-3,
and that the parties In said statement
named so preparing said roll were, 4 and
complainant so alleges ' the fact to be.
'affiant's ' (said Dalton's) deputies. 1 and
were paid under the provisions;- of ¦. the
county, government act; -some.-; $100 ' per
month, some $125 per month and one $150
per month.' '. ; ' ¦ : ¦'
"Complainant alleges that the : salaries
so paid to; said deputies as aforesaid, who
prepared said roll for said city as afore
said, was paid out of and from the "county,
treasury of said county of Alameda' and
not by said Dalton as said Assessor,' or at
all."-; / :-"¦ ¦¦¦¦••; •¦--"¦ '¦'¦': ¦¦¦' -y'-:-- ¦ ¦
. The same allegations are made for the
years 1900 and 1901. and also that he failed
to : turn over' to . the county I the t total I fee
or ¦ difference between the - amount .re
ceived and the actjial cost of making the
books.. . •(•".•<*-'-
ABOTJT THAT BINDING.
. The allegation in ; regard ¦ to', the binding
of the books Is much; longer. It declares
that part of the duty of , the r County. As
sessor, is to approve accounts and • certify
that supplies are properly delivered: that
im-1897 , and 1898 , the j Enquirer. Publishing
Company^ bound the assessment f books In
canvas -instead ; of . "extra russia,". .as re
quired ; byythe .printing .schedule, which
made -the* work 'cost .the < company^ $2- a
volume ' less, no rebate being s allbwed
and that this - Mr. Dal ton- certified a3' be
ing correct. ; The actual charge upon '.this
point ; reads :. V .."¦ : / .. ; - ..
: "That no , rebate, i discount or allowance
was . ever made -i upon or -on^ accounts of
said claim so filed by said Enquirer. Pub
lishing: Company ¦- acairist said : county of
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, April 2.— Nature is doing
her share to dress the orchards in their
robes of bloom, and Santa Clara Valley
is taking on a snowy whiteness. The
warm weather of the last week Is causing
the buds to break, and when the floral
festival opens all the orchards will be at
their best. Peaches, apricots, almonds and
pears are in bloom and the prunes and
plums are just beginning to flower. The
entire valley is reaolent with the perfume
of the fruits. . The thousands who attend
the blossom fete will see a sight that no
other section ' in America can produce.
For miles and miles, as far as the eye
can reach, thousands of acres of full
blooming orchards stretch out in every
direction.
Next week promises to be a gala one
in the history of Santa Clara County. Big
preparations have been made for the fete,
ana from every section of the State come
reports that the majority of Eastern tour
ists now in California have their eyes
centered on San Jose and its environs. It
is estimated that between 15,003 and 20,000
visitors will spend the week in the valley.
The Santa Clara Improvement Club has
arranged a programme that will give the
visit&rs a chance to see all parts of the
county. Monday, April 8, is to be a sort
of a general reception day throughout the
valley. On Tuesday the celebration will
begin at Saratoga. There will be a pic
nic and exercises amid the foothill or
chards and at the Congress Springs, under
the auspices of the Saratoga Improvement
Club. Los Gatos will be the scene ot
Wednesday's programme. The Los Gatos
Board of Trade will take the visitors in
hand and show them about. Thursday
will be Campbell day. A picnic and other
festivities have been arranged by the
Board of Trade of that place. In the
evening there will be a concert in St.
James Park in this city. ;. . ' •
San Jose will supply the programme on
Friday and Saturday. There will be ex
cursions to Santa Clara's old mission,
Alum Rock Park and Mineral Springs,
Palo •Alto, Stanford University and other
points of interest. On Saturday there will
be trips to Mount Hamilton and Lick Ob
eervatory.
• ¦ ¦¦• . -• .-. / •-.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 2.— The Republi
can Slate Convention tnis afternoon nom
inate! the following ticket:
Governor— W. J. Furnish, Umatilla
County.
Justice of the Supreme Court— R. S.
Bean (renominated).
Secretary of State— F. I. Dunbar (re
nominated), f^'-^/xij;
State Treasurer— C. S. Moore (renom
inated). '
Superintendent of Public Instruction—
J.H. Ackerman (renominated).
Attorney General— A. M. Crawford,
Douglas County.
State Printer— J. R. Whitney, Linn
County.
Early this morning, before the conven
tion met, Governor T. T. Geer and C. A.
Johns of Baker City, both of whom had
announced their candidacy for the Gov
ernorship, withdrew from the race, leav
ing W. J. Furnish of Umatilla County
and H. E. Ankeny of Jackson County
the only candidates. It took but one bal
lot to decide the contest,, the vote result-
Ins: Furnish 248. Ankeny 92. . *- . .
The nominations of Justice of the Su
preme Court, Secretary of State and State
Treasurer were all made by acclamation.
The vote on Attorney General was: A.
M.- Crawford 177, A. S. Hammond of Jack
jjon County 163. On Superintendent of
iPubllc Instruction it was: J. H. Acker
man 222, W. C. Alderson 119. "
W. J. Furnish, the candidate for Gov
ernor, is a banker of Pendleton.
The platform declares that the sov
ereignty of the United States should
be maintained in the. Philippine Islands
under such local self-government as the
people may be, or may become, fitted to
participate in, and opposes all proposals
looking to the retirement of the United
States from the islands. On the subject
of trusts the platform says:
In the war which President Roosevelt has
Inaugurated against the gigantic combinations
of Incorporated capital he has the united sup
port of the Republican party of Oregon.
The passage of the Mitchell-Kahn bill
for the exclusion of Chinese and of the
oleomargarine bill is demanded.
. The platform favors the creation of a
Department of Labor, in charge of a Sec
retary with a seat in the Cabinet; the
protection of industries still in their in
fancy or unable to compete with foreign
productions; the plan for the irrigation of
arid lands proposed by President "Roose
velt; the election of United States-Sen
ators by" popular vote, and the initiative
and referendum. It opposes the leasing
of public lands either to individuals or
corporations. % > :; ¦
The speedy opening of tlie Columbia
River between. The Dalles and Celilo and
the clearing of the river of all obstruc
tions, from Its mouth to the head of nav
igation, are urged.
Strong resolutions favoring the pension-
Ing of Indian war veterans of Oregon and
.Washington by the National Government
were passed. \
Republicans Name Uma
tilla County Man' for
Governor.
Santa Clara Valley Red
olent of Blooming
Orchards. >
Americans Are Warned
to Leave State of ~
Sonora.
AN DIEGO, April 2.— President
(C^Lv Harriman and his party spent the
C^S) ; entire day In San Diego and
&*30r seemed to thoroughly, enjoy every
- , - . minute of it. Plans had' been
made to take the visitors on a trip which
would. include a drive over the heights or
both 'sides; and a sail on the bay, but Mr.
'Harriman.-yetoed - them," the party~T5Oins
¦ Instead 7* '.to j: Coronado Hotelr where: its
members to put in the time .as
best - pleased • each.-. President Harriman
knd J.C.Stubbs spent most of their time
hi the salt water plunge! _
After-, luncheon Harriman; Huntlngton,
Stubbs, * Kruttschnltt and Herrln ad
journed, to the offices of ¦ the: San Diego
Eastern ' Railroad committee/ where an
hour was spent looking at the profiles and
maps of the survey as far as it had been^
finished. Mr. Harriman asked that the
committee supply him with data regard
ing curves and gradients, with the reporc\
of the consulting engineer as soon as it
was ready, remarking, "And it won t do
your project any harm."
Mr. Harriman was_chary of newspaper
men's questions, prefacing his statement
with the remark that it was his habit to
neither affirm, nor deny any reports re
garding railroad changes and plans; He
made that his definite answer to questions
YAQUIS JOURNEY
ON THE WARPATH
FURNISH HEADS
OREGON TICKET
TREES REFLECT
NATURE'S SMILE
about the rumored purchase of the Rock
Island, the rumored consolidation of the
Oregon Short Line with the Clark road
and the reported intention on his part to
retire from the presidency of the South
ern Pacific and place President Felton of
the Chicago and Alton road in the chair.
In this connection the fact that Mr. Fel
ton's private Chicago and Alton car Is
a i>art of the special train might be con
sidered significant.
To a question regarding the raoorted in
tention of the Southern Pacific road to ex
pend millions of dollars in this section,
Mr. Harriman talked freely.
"Yes. that is true," said he. "unless you
mean this section of Southern California
alone. This money will be expended all
sflonsr the line." ..
"Will Southern California get any con
siderable portion of it?" he was asked.
"Oh, yes. That is our intention. "We
will make extensive improvements in this
end of the State." \
- " Will the improvement* include any ex
tension of your lines?" ' . •
"No, the money will be expended in im
proving the system as it now exists."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THtJRSDAYy APRIL 3, 1902.
3
HARRIMAN SAYS HIS COMPANY
WILL SPEND MILLIONS IN WEST
Improvements , That Are to Be "Wlade
Along.the Lines of This Railroad System
President of Southern Pacific Talks of Vast
RAILROAD PRESIDENT "WHOSE
COMPANY WILL. SPEND MIL
LIONS IN Ili PROVEMENTS.
Established 1823.
•*AKE JOSEPH. ReureEentatlve, 200 Battery Street, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , _ . . ¦_ ___ _\ - _ 7
- Health ivill come with all its blessings to those -who know the way, and it is mainly a ques-
tion of right-living, with all the term implies, but the efforts which strengthen the system,
the games which refresh and the foods which nourish are important, each in a way, while it is
also advantageous to have knowledge of the best methods of promoting freedom from unsani-
tary conditions. To assist nature, when nature needs assistance, it is all important that the (
medicinal agents used should be of the best quality and of known value, and the one remedy
which acts most beneficially and pleasantly, as a laxative, is— Syrup of Figs— manufactured by •
the California Fig Syrup Co.
¦'''¦¦ With a proper understanding of the fact that many physical ill3 are of a transient char* .
acter and yield promptly to the gentle action of Syrup of Figs, gladness and comfort come to
the heart, and if one would remove the torpor and strain and congestion attendant upon a con-
stipated condition of the system, take Syrup of Figs and enjoy freedom from the aches and
pains, the~colds and headaches and the depression due to inactivity of the bowels. In case of
any organic trouble it is well to consult a competent physician, but when a laxative is required
remember that the most permanently gratifying results will follow personal cooperation with
the beneficial effects of Syrup of Figs. It is for sale by all reliable druggists. Price fifty
cents per bottle. , zL -*
The excellence of Syrup of Figs comes from the beneficial effects of the plants used in the
combination and also from the method of manufacture which ensures that perfect purity and
uniformity of product essential in a perfect family laxative. All the members of the family
from the youngest to the most advanced in years may use it whenever a laxative is needed and
share alike in its beneficial effects. We do not claim that Syrup of Figs is the only remedy of
known value, but it possesses this great advantage over all other laxatives that it acts gently
" and pleasantly without disturbing natural functions, in any way, as it is free from every ob-
jectionable quality o» substance. To get its beneficial effects it is always necessary to buy the
genuine and the full name of the Co^-California Fig Syrup Co.— is printed on the front of every
package.
San Francisco, Cal. '
Louisville, Ky. N eW York, N. Y.
: nothing succeeds * a: "^ ::^^S^^^^^ /
' like success. This >£g5^5^£l^
can be readily applied to our made-to-
il order department. One satisfied cus-
1 tomer brings another— we are making
J more of these $ I o made-to-order suits
r every month. Judging from the busi-
.; j ness done in March, Everything points
I to more orders for April, and we are
I fully prepared for this expected in-
fl crease. ¦
| Our $10" suits are not confined to
|r-. any oneiine of cloths or patterns, but
I constitute a variety representing almost
I every man's taste. We would be most
I pleased to give you some samples;
j Every suit we make bears our guarantee —
Fl money's-worth or money back- — and you are
§1 the judge.
fl Out-of-town' orders for made-to-order clothing fiffgd—
H satisfactory fit assured, through sour self-measuring system—
I write for samples. ..
\ 718 Market Street and
; Con Powell and Eddy Streetsfirst crime In Judge Cook's
court yesterday. While awaiting sentence
for the robbery of Mrs. Ellen J. Foote,
the divorced -wife of General Lucius H.
Foote, on the night of December 28, 1901,
she consented to take the stand for the
prosecution and to testify against Thomas
Galvin, her alleged associate in the crime.
She told the etory of the robbery in a
plain, straightforward manner, but every
effort of the defense to extract from her
information as to the residence of her
family proved unavailing.
"I have a mother and sisters," she an
swered, "and I don't propose to tell you
where they live. I won't disgrace them."
Attorney Barrett, ,who represents Gal
vin, sought to obtain an answer with the
aid of the court, but Judge Cook declined,
WITHOUT a tremor. In her
voice, boldly and defiantly,
Anita Clark, a comely woman
of 21, told the story of her
Dr. Muller is a polished gentleman of
striking appearance. He wears the full
beard typical of the Free Staters.
I will be in America only a ehort time longer.
I came to California from Salt Lake City,
¦where I etopped off to interest the Mormons
in our cause. I spent much of my time in In
dianapolis, where much good work was accom
plished. I lectured at Harvard University sev
eral times and spoke in Boston olten. America
is a grand country — the best in the world — and
although I landed in California only two days'
ago I believe this is the grandest State in the
L'nion. With what I have seen of San Fran
cisco I am inclined to believe that I will like
It better than any city I have ever visited. I
•will travel all over the State, but will make
very brief stC2s.
The shooting of prisoners is inhuman. Com
mandant Scheepers. for instance, was shot be
cause be was wrecking trains. That is modern
warfare. A couEin of President Steyn was
shot the other day because he was captured
wearing a khaki uniform. We wear khaki uni
forms because we have no others. Most of our
clothing has been used up and when we capture
Britishers we take theirs.
Wanton Killing of- Captives.
This war trill do great harm to South Africa.
Even afterward it will be some time before
everything will be peaceful. It has brought
tremendous disadvantages to England in the
Tet East and has handicapped her. She can
not <3o anything, as her hands are tied, and
the conflict will last two or three years longer
at least. President Steyn and General Dewet
are disposed to fight it cut and both have as
fTteiJ to me that they will do it if only fifty
uicn are left in the field. My prediction is
that when the end does come, no matter which
Tray it coes. England will- be no better off.
I am not a young man. but I believe I will'
livp to see our freedom.
One vital point with us Is that we need doc
tors and need them badly. We have no more
doctors left. This fact has been known for
some time and we have had many applications
from private physicians to go to South Africa,
but they are not allowed to pass the English
lines. We want the United States to send Red
Cross doctors to us. Ever since 1SU4 it has
been a common custom in modern warfare for
all wounded to be attended, even though it had
to be done by the enemy's surgeons. In the
present struggle no interchange of doctors has
been allowed. Modern warfare is not murder.
It is to prevent by force another faction or
nation getting something it wishes to get and
which cannot be obtained by persuasion. The
Ia.ct of the English shooting prisoners is an
other subject for civilization to deal with. The
Boers always turn English prisoners loose and
they get a Back of tobacco, too, when they go.
We take their rifles and ammunition and some
times their uniforms. They are always well
treated. In consequence they will surrender
many times. There is one regiment that has
surrendered no less than five times, until now it
has been nicknamed "Dewet's Own."
The Enfflish are a fine people and it is a pity
that they have been led into this war. 1 be-
Uev«? thpy arc sorry it was ever etarted. They
would like to see it stopped %k>w, but their
pride urges them to cee it to the end. The
Boer war Is by no means at an end and will
not Yjc for e^veral years. Why. it has only
lasted two and a naif years- now and' look
whax a loss it has beefa to England ! You Amer
icans fought seven and a half years to gain
your liberty but you finally obtained it. Tour
cause at issue was your all and so it is with
us. The loss to Great Britain of America was
a far greater loss than South Africa could
ever be.
Britons Weary of the War.
SAN RAFAEL, April 2.— Dr. Hendrik
Muller, envoy of the Orange Free State,
is in California for the first time and is
visiting William Bug in this city. Dr.
Lfuller has been in America since the first
cf the year and is here in the interest of
the Boer cause. He has visited most of
the principal cities in the United States
and has addressed many large assem
blages throughout the country. When he
first arrived in the country the doctor
traveled incognito in order to the more
easily become familiar with the ways of
the American people as well as be con
vinced of their feeling toward the Boers.
The preponderance of public sentiment in
favor of his people was so evident that
Dr. Muller soon had no hesitation In de
claring himself. He visited President
Roosevelt and had several conferences
with him. and also conferred with Sec
retary Hay. # Dr. Muller said to-night:
I am here solely in the interest of the Boers.
I am from the Oranse Free State and it is
my first visit to your country. I came here
net to denounce the British, not to ask the
aid or mediation of the United States, or to
discourse harrowing tales of the oppression of
our unfortunate people, but simply to give
to the people of this country conservative in
formation in regard to the status of affairs at
the o*>at of war and enlighten them as to the
niciits cf our cause.
¦
Talks Interestingly of His
Mission and the Cause
He Representa
Dr. Hendrik Muller Is
Now a Guest of
San Rafael.
NOTED BOER
ENVOY VISITS
THIS STATE
4
v T. felt very drowsy when I reached my room
and I could hardly move my limbs. Anita as
sisted-me-to disrobe and Just then I. observed
Galvin in the room. I told him to ' go put
and he did, but returned In a few minutes. I
then felt the woman tugging at my. stocking,
and at that moment Galvin hit m£ twice in the
Jaw. He followed' this up- by choking me. I
begged him not to kill me. When they got all
my money and valuables they left the room.
When 'I recovered sufficiently to do so I gave
the alarm. ; •• • •¦ • . . • . • •
The witness was seized with hysterics
during her recital and "was forced to leave
the courtroom for ten minutes. Her cross
examination developed nothing of impor
tance." When asked if she could identify
the man who had assaulted her the wit
ness arose and pointed to Galvin as the
man. . ¦ • ••..'¦-.- - - '¦¦..'..• j
Dr. Harry M. Sherman . testified as- to
the nature of the wounds sustained by
Mrs. Foote. These consisted of two frac
tures of the lower jaw. In his opinion
the fractures were occasioned by severa
blows. • • .
Anita Clark,, who confessed herself
The prosecution: then closed and the
matter went over until this morning.- It
is' expected the case will go to the jury
to-day. • ' ' . • :
W. L. % Clayton, a hackman, identified
Galvin as the man whom he took to the
Elysium in company of Mrs. Foote' and
Anita Clark. General Foote then took the
stand and testified that Mrs. Foote visited
his office in the Academy of Sciences
building on the day of the robbery, and
that on discovering she had so mu^ii
money with her he chided her for hor
foolishness. . , .
'.'I didn't plan anything," was the reply.
"I saw the woman's money and I 'made
up my mind to get it if I could. I wanted
help and I got Galvin to go with me."
The witness was extremely irritable and
defiant. When asked as to the place of
her residence prior to coming to this city
three years ¦ ago she replied that she
didn't know what that had to do with the
robbery of- Mrs. Foote. "You can't drag
my family into this," she went on pas
sionately. "I won't .disgrace them if I
can help it.". * ¦
Attorney Barrett sought to secure from
the witness a statement that she had
been promised leniency by the District
Attorney for testifying against Galvin,
but she steadily denied that her testimony
was prompted by any hope of reward.
His question whether she was not a pro
fessional pickpocket was ruled out. The
witness said this was her first crime.
"Then you deliberately planned the
robbery of Mrs. Foote?" ..
No Hope of Reward.
few. minutes, however, and I said to him to
hold the : woman while I took her money. 1 We
turned out the light, and while Galvin held
Mrs. Foote I took the money bag from her
stocking. We went downstairs and got into a
hack. I gave the money to. Galvin, together
with Mrs. Foote 1 s watch, and he gave me a $20
.greenback. | This was found in my trunk by
the detectives the next day. when I was ar
rested. . ¦
• I went to ' the Palmerlee to get Galvin to
help me. I was sure to find him there. I told
htm that I had a woman with money and that
he should go .with me. He came down and we
three went to the Fulton House. After leaving
that place for the Elysium Galvin stopped
downstairs while Mrs. Foote and I went to her
room. While I was helping her to disrobe Gal
vin came in and said the hackman wanted his
money. Mrs. Foote Baid for him to call the
next day and Galvin left. He returned in a
guilty of robbing Mrs. ! Foote, . took the
fatand at the opening of the afternoon ses
sion of court. She told how she met Mrs.
Foote, and on observing that she had. a
large sum of money concealed about her
she made up her mind . to secure posses
sion of it if possible. Continuing her con
fession, the Clark woman said:
WOMAN WHO CONFESSED .SHE
,'FLANNED ROBBEftT AND MAN
: SHE ALLEGES AIDED HER.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— Secretary Hay
and • Mr. ; Raikes, j secretary of "the. British
embaBsy, to-day sigped a i treaty extend
ing . to the British . colonies ; the provisions'
of the original treaty between the, United
States and Great Britain for the protec
tion of Industrial property.-:- •... •• . ¦;
Extended to British Colonies.
After, some further I debate jj by -Crum
packer of Indiana against . the -bill, and
Lessler. Ryan and, Goldf ogle of New York
in favor of, it, the 'House; at 4:55 p.- m.,"
adjourned. ' . ."¦ •*.¦•¦¦ . ¦ ": -•.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 2— Jn reply
to the representations of the Embassauors
6t the powers regarding the insecunty of
Christians in Macedonia and Albania, thc-
Porte alleges , that' the revolutionary ac
tivity is due to the Macedonian, commit
tee's importation of arms and dynamite.
The Porte. has communicated to the diplo
mats the instructions if has Issued con
cerning the protection of the inhabitants
of the disturbed districts. . --
retirement of naval or, army officers he
would have antagonized it. •¦ " . ¦'¦
LONDON, April 2.-The Vienna corre
spondent of the Central News cables that
the Neue' Frie Presse of that city pub
lished, a startling report, current in Bel
grade; lo the effect that the famous'Al
banian chief, Issa Boljetinac, with '.300
followers,- has .crossed the Turkish j fron
tier into the sub-province -of NovibH^ar.
where he is terrorizing the" Turkish popu
lace and threatening. a general massacre!
The correspondent says the report lacks
confirmation. ' . v ¦ '."¦•.¦ ' ' -
Sulzer of New York, Adamson of Geor
gia and Bellamy J of North Carolina fa
vored the bilL Loud of California said he
was opposed on principle to - the retire
ment with pay of employes of the Gov
ernment. Had he been a member of Con
jzress when;th* law was enacted for the
The appropriation for , the defense of
suits before the Spanish Treaty Claims
Commission "was increased on motion of
Cannon from JCO.000 to $112,000. Without
further amendment the bill was passed.
The House then resumed consideration
of the Senate bill to promote the efficien
cy of the revenue cutter • service, . which
was Interrupted when the sundry civil
bill was taken up. . . . :.--.. ;
"No portion of the foregoing sums for
national parks shall be used during the
fiscal year lbo3 for the payment of more
than one Commissioner for . service . irf
connection with each of said parks, under
the direction of the Secretary of , War, nor
shall more than 10 per cent of the sums
for either of said parks be expended for
the salaries of clerks or for other • em
ployes." .';.•;-,.-.. . . >
The items relating 'o national parks. led
to some discussion, during which Parker
of New Jersey raised a point of order
that this subject was properly under the
Jurisdiction of the Military Affairs Com
mittee. The point of order was sustained,
whereupon Cannon offered the following
provision, applying to the appropriations
for the national commissions, and it .was
adopted:
WASHINGTON, April 2.— The House
to-day passed the sundry civil appropria
tion bill. This is the eighth of the regu
lar annual supply bills which has passed
at this session. Only a few unimportant
amendments were attached to It.
Boyetinac, the Albanian,
'Said to Have Invaded
Turkey. : '
House Disposes of the
Sundry Civil Appro
priations.
FAMOUS CHIEF
PLANS MASSACRE
University Men Are Suspended.
LAWRENCE, Kans., April 2.—Twenty
eight members of the freshmen and soph
omore classes of the University of Kansas
were to-day suspended for thirty days for
participating in a recent corltest over
class colors. Other members .of both
classes had- threatened to quit school if
the suspensions ¦ were made, but up to
noon had not done so.'
FBESIDENT PABDONS
VOLUNTEEBJ LIEUTENANT
Mac Who Was Accused ofEmbez-
zling Government Funds
Goes Free.
MATTOON, 111., April 2.-Former. State
Senator Isaac B. Craln has received ad
vices from Washington stating that Lieu
tenant Oscar F. Durfee has been par
doned,-. -.; <¦- ¦;! --'-. ;; ¦ . .
Durfee, a lieutenant of volunteers in the
Spanish- American war, was appointed
manager of the San Fernandino and Ju
caro Railway in Cuba. Christmas night,
1900, he was arrested, charged with em
bezzling $4200 of Government funds in his
capacity as manager of the military road.
He protested his innocence and Crain,
United States Senator Allison of Iowa ana
others carried the case to Secretary of
War Root, who ordered the evidence of
the trial forwarded from Puerto Principe
and Durfee's pardon followed. He has a
wife and four children in this city.
Fence Causes a. Fatal Quarrel.
VIRGINIA CITY, April 2.— John Bellis
of Cherry' Creek, eighteen miles east of
Norris, was fatally shot last night by
Alfred J. Sheldon. The men had quarreled
over a fence . dividing their property It
Is alleged that Bellis was shot while he
attacked Sheldon with a club. . . ¦¦ ¦
STOCKTON, April 2.-A largely attend
ed and enthusiastic mass meeting was
addressed this evening by General W. D
Snyman of the Boer army, who was dele
gated by President Steyn of the Orango
Free State to make a tour of the/United
States and place the cause of the Boers
In its true light. He delivered an inter
esting address and assured his audience'
that the Boers would never give up, but
would light, until they were exterminated
or had disposed of their foes. Miss Hilma
Buttlar recited two Boer poems and quite
a sum of money was raised in a collec
tion.
EIGHTH SUPPLY
BILL IS PASSED
Mrs. Foote was the first witness called
to the stand. Her head . was swathed In
bandages, and it i was apparent she was
suffering physical and mental torture. She
told of her arrival from the Orient De
cember 27 last and of her appearance at
the Hoffman cafe, where she met Anita
Clark. . She said she had some jewelry
and. greenbacks to the amount of $400 in
a satin bag secreted In her stocking. She
took several drinks with Anita and then
accompanied her to another saloon, where
more drinks were ordered. Anita wanted
to send a message to her sister about this
time and the women got into a hack and
were driven to the Palmerlee on Ellis
street, where Galvin joined the party.
They then went to the Fulton House,
where Mrs. Foote took a. drink which
made her ill. She demanded to be taken
home and Galvin and Anita accompanied
her to her room in the Elysium on Geary
street. Continuing, Mrs. Foote said:
saying that as the witness was already a
prisoner awaiting sentence the court was
powerless to force her to answer.
MONTEVIDEO, April 2.— The British
steamer Athenia, Captain Jones, was to
tally wrecked on March 22, 220 miles north
of . Cape Pilar, Chile. Eleven survivors of
her crew have been landed at Punta
Arenas. The captain and the remainder
of her crew were drowned. The Athenia
was ¦ a steel vessel and was built in 1898
at ' Sunderland, England. She registered
2190 tons net and hailed from Liverpool,
She . belonged to the Athenia Steamship
Company, Limited; ¦ .
Skipper and Seamen Are Drowned
VIENNA, ' April*, '2.— Washington dis
patches-received here say- that the State
Department is in some doubt as to
whether the proposal to raise the Min
ister of Austria-Hungary at Washington,
Ladislaus Hengelmuller von Hengervar,
and the United States Minister to Aus
tria-Hungary, Robert S. McCormick, to
the rank of Embassadors, will be carried
out, as Secretary Hay has heard nothing
on the subject . since Hengelmuller's first
communication. The Austrian Govern
ment regards the matter as already set
tled. The -consent of the, dual, P&rllament,
which meets in May. is necessary, but it
is certain that it will be obtained.
To the correspondent, the Austrian For
eign Office to-day renewed its expressions
of pleasure that this important step is to
be taken and expressed the hope and be
lief that it will have good results in both
countries.
Hovrever, That Ministers Will
Be Promoted.
Authorities in Vienna Feel Assured,
DOUBT IS EXPRESSED
ABOUT ' EMBASSADOBSHI?
"His resignation took effect on April 1.
I presume that the letter to which he re
fers is the one I wrote to the clergyman
of. that diocese who sought my advice.
The Bishop was attempting to get him
out of the church and I advised him to
call upon the civil law to sustain his
rights. A clergyman may always claim
legal protection from a tyrannical Bishop.
•We have sent Bishop Nichols of Califor
nia to act in Hawaii until the next meet
ing of the House of Bishops, when we
shall elect a Bishop of Hawaii."
"The worthy Bishop of Honolulu," he
!« quoted, as saying, "must be out of hl3
jiind. This is the kindest interpretation
to put upon his conduct. When Hawaii
•was annexed it became at once apparent
to every one but him that the Episcopal
church there must pass from British to
American control. It was of course ex
pected that he would resign. We learned
to our surprise that the Bishop intended
to remain. The church was theoretically
under the care of the Archbishop of Can
terbury, but the Archbishop actually did
not have power to remove the Bishop.
The Bishop's salary was paid by the So
ciety for the Promotion of the Gospel in
Foreign Lands, which served notice x>n
him that his salary would be stopped in
six months. . ' ¦
Bishop Potter was quoted by an after
noon paper to-day as giving an explana
tion of the situation in Honolulu.
"Should this fail of realization," writes
Bishop Willis, "the cause of the failure
will be the unholy, uncanonical interfer
ence of the Bishop of New York, whose
letter to the clergyman in this diocese has
been published, urging him to take legal
proceedings against the Bishop (Willis)
for no other purpose than to prevent the
allegiance we have already promised to
your branch of the church going inta
eftect."
. The Honolulu correspondent of an aft
ernoon newspaper has sent an open let
ter, in which Bishop Willis, writing lo
Bishop Dudley of Kentucky, says that he
has been in his position for thirty years
and that when there were disturbances
on account of the transfer of the Islands
to the United States he did all he could
to promote unity.
NEW YORK, April 2.— Bishop Willis,
who looked after the interests of the
Anglican church in Hawaii, has at last
tendered his resignation and in doing so
has a parting shot at, Bishop Potter,
whom he accuses of "unholy interfer
ence."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.BUTEE, April 2.— The strike of the
hoisting engineers in the Amalgamated
mines, whereby nine of the principal pro
ducers of the big copper mining company
are tied up and over 3000 .men rendered
idle, with the prospects that as soon as
the supply of ore has been exhausted, the
smelters will be closed down and thou
sands of men will be thrown out of
work, shows few signs of an early settle
ment. The stationary, engineers are de
fiant and propose to make a determined
.light for an increase in wages.
ANACONDA, April 2.— The Anaconda
and Washoe concentrators were closed
down at 11 o'clock to-night, throwing
about 1500 men out of employment. This
action was made necessary by the strike
of the hoisting engineers of the Amalga
mated mines in Butte. The smelters have
a limited supply of ore; enough, it is
thought, to last two or three days, when
they, too, will be forced to suspend, throw
ing an additional, 2000 men out cfwork.
CHICAGO, April 2.— A .strike of hod
carriers and building laborers was begun
to-day, Herman Lillien,. the agent, being
.Compelled by the men to j repudiate an
agreement he made yesterday with the
employers' organizations. Yesterday .an
advance from 30 to 35 cents, to be effective
June 1, was agreed upon. Lillien agreed
not to call a strike until the men had met
and 'ratified or repudiated the agreement.
When the men learned of the treaty to
day. 1000 went out. ¦
Several i small - contractors signed the
scale and 100 of the strikers returned to
work late this afternoon. ¦-. ¦ ¦
Notices were posted at the Euffalo,
Rochester and : Pittsburg Railway car
shops in Dubois to-day ordering the clos
ing of the shops, until the strike has been
settled. This will throw 400 mechanics
and laborers out of employment indefinite
ly. Besides this a number of railway
crews have been laid off.
The miners of • the Buffalo, Kochester
and Pittsburg Coal Company are "well or
ganized with much financial strength be
hind.them and express confidence in their
ability to put up a long fight if neces
sary. ,
, ALTOONA, Pa., April 2.— Not a mine of
the Rochester and Fittsburg '. Coal and
Iron Company was worked to-day. Presi
dent Golaay, Secretary Herbert and na
tional officers McKay and Kice were in
conference at Cleartield to-night. They
telegraphed for National President Milch
ell, but he answered. that he was unable
to visit this district at: present. Several
the large operators have failed to sign
did not attend the Altoona convention and
wiic do not feel bound by the action of
the large operators, have failed to sign
the scale. The miners propose to give
them a time limit at the end of which,
if the scale I is not signed, the men will
be called out. Three hundred men em
ployed in a mine at Hastings quit work
yesterday because the operator, James L.
Mitchell, refused to sign the scale unless
the check-oft clause was eliminated.
DUBO1S, J^a., April 2.— All of the bi
tuminous coal mines of tne Rochester and
PHtsburg Iron and Coal Company are idle
to-day. The resolutions declaring for a
strike were obeyed by ail of the men and
10.00U miners are idie.
• '.this order' is a result or the decision
by the Manufacturers' Association to light
the union. It means that if the stnkt.
goes on in the King mill every mili in
Augusta, Graniteviile, Aiken," Warrenville,
Vaucluse and JLangiey will . be closed,
throwing 10,000 operatives out of work.
Union leaders insist tnat the strike w:li
take place Monday, aitnough many oper
atives are opposed to it.
"Owing to demands made upon , the J.
P. -King Manufacturing Company for an
advance of 10 per cent, accompanied by
a notice that if not granted its operatives
would refuse to. work arter Saturday,
April 5, and said demand having been re
fused, notice is hereby given to the em
ployes of this company that should such
a strike be inaugurateu this mill will close
indenmtely on tne evening of Tuesday,
Aprii 8." • ' - .
AUGUSTA, Ga,, April 2.— The following
notice, signed by the president of the mill,
was put on the bulletin board in every
mill in the Augusta district to-day:
Many Mill-Owners in Georgia
Threaten to Close
Down.'
Charges Are Made and an
Answer Is Given in
New York.
Thousands of Men Leave
Their Work in the
"Foot"
Episcopal Affairs in Ha
waii Reach a Cul-
LLJliiCiiulUlJ.
STRIKERS PLAN
A BITTER FIGHT
BISHOP ENTER
A CONTROVERSY
¦ ¦..¦¦• .-¦¦•¦•..• .- .-. - • ¦ i ¦¦.-.¦¦¦.¦¦'¦ v. ¦¦¦:¦.¦¦¦ ¦ •-. '¦:.. ¦ ¦¦-• . ¦ . i >-,.;.- .. . ... ¦ • .-• - ¦¦ ; ¦ •' /:¦ -¦ *,;. .-..;.¦
THE SAN FEANCISCO^ CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1902.
Young Woman * Who Is , AwaitingJ Sentence flakes i the -Witness-
Stand and Gives Some Damaging Testimony Against Her
Alleged Accomplice;, Thomas Galvin, Who Is on Trial Now
ANITA CLARK CONFESSES TO JURY
THAT SHE HELPED TO ROB MRS. FOOTE
ADVEBTISEMEUT5.
i-ositivsly cured by tfacso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dyj-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
femaJl Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
CLOTHES DO MAKETHE MAN
and If his linen Is as comfortable as the
maker Intended it, he's at ease wherever;
placed. Our laundry methods bring out
all the comfort that's in a shirt and en-
case his wrists and neck with a soothing
comfort in cuffs and collars unapproach-
able by any other means than ours.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
. Office 1OO4 Market Street.
'.^ t Telephone— South 4-2O. ,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave,
4visrr DR. JORDAN'S grzat4
5HUSEUH OF AHATOHY*
i £B l: '- 1 siKsr z '- lz "- s - i?i &* •- 2
T fcy^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the *
0 „.«¦[<¦¦ Wotid. Weakneises or any contracted M
VT CSgBSJ *sease positively eared by the oldest T
© J ' -j t"» 1 Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. 0
4 ilfftfi ° 3 ' JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN d
\ S Sir^ H Consultation free and strictly private. \
A t jjofjl Treatment personally or hy l~tt-.-. A A
\ 15 r MB JPotitn* Cvn in every case undertaken. T
h P I (10 Write for Cock. FBlLO«OPni!«( A
* If 1 33-4RIIIAGE, J1AII.2D F&XS. (AY
X it I JL valuable book for m.-n) \
V »B. JORDAX & CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. F. 9
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARSr
I ANGLO AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WIISSLOWVi tOOTHLNG SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTY YEAR3 by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS forthelr CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PE.CIFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD, SOFTEN3
the GUiI3. ALLAYS all PAIN; CUPJE3 TV^o
COLIC,- and . la the be3t remedy ror ULo-ft-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists in every part ot
the world. Be *ure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYBUP
• AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
* Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle-
SDR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1SS1. Con.
sultation and private book
free at office or by m3lL
Cures guaranteed.
731 Market St.
___ SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
TO THE PUBLIC.
. > ftei3ftK. j I have been wonder-
fully cured of fits and of -
CS^ifiy;-] hip trouble by the fa-
. fjgjfc) moua herb doctor, Wong
*>35S^fc f Him, of 115-H7 Mason
I B/ S ~ J it., S. F. I was nearly
' Y*-' eJS / dead when I came to
/•"<£»* / him and the St3 I had
jfSj^fe-. /\_^ . were dreadful, but I am
> >rere^w s **^.J35^ik. *njoylns perfect health
now. I can tell any one
<taM|M Wi > °t tne wonderful cures
**S8tijj>:JC.N»* he has made for me.
1 came from Meridian, Sutter County. Cal., to
Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me of all my
ailments. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTT.
Meridian, Sutter County, Cai.
January JO. 19C2. v -
SAN FKANCISCO. Oct. 6. 1900.— To whom
it may concern: This Is to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason st-. San Fran-
cisco, has . cured ma of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly hones:
in every sense of the word, and an honorabla
man in all his dealings.- DR. C. A. CA*.
Dentist. 9C2 Second avp.. Seattle. Wash.'
December 15, 1000. — This is to certify that 1
was suffering: for fifteen years from Bright'*
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
side. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies -without affording me any relief. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
i 115-117 Mason at., San' Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this in my
! appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other
1 sufferers may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this in person to any ona that may
call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN ALLANSON,
Orchard ave.. Elmhurst. Alameda County. CaL
Isft- (rSJanir JO CM Bi^^^jS
59 Wk Iff Kn BmaM tdm ' ' WBrna i& V 1£l
THE WEEKLY CALL
oi It Publishes the Cream of C3«
News of the Week and
©? MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c^ ORiGlNAL FEATURES
°\ IT IS THB BRST WEEKLY
CX PAPER ON THB
J PACIFIC COAST
•3 The Best \. /Mining
Telegraphic y News That
°\ Service oa /\ b Accurate
ex. The Coast V X&uptodats
&l ¦'¦ ,' ; . [I-
SNot a Line of It Sensational
or l ; aky, and Not a Line c*
tt Dry or Uninteresting.
I ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
Means bad air, and whether it ESB^StSM $$& S^^gSHHh
c - - 4 j - •^^¦¦# mm "mmn^ mm <af mm Yw i mkmw mm mm ***£* m£rmimm VI Or at
comes frcni the low lands and ... : ¦ w.~ -
; marshes of .the country, or the filthy sewers and drain pipes of the cities'
and towns/ its effect tipon'the human system is the v same. - ... .
These atmospheric poisons are breathed into the lungs and taken up*
¦ by the blood, and the foundation of some'long, debilitating illness is laid.
Chills; and fever,; chronic dyspepsia, torpid and enlarged* liver, kidney-
troubles, jaundice and biliousness are frequently, due to. that invisible foe,
(Malaria.; /¦ Noxious gases and unhealthy matter collect in the system because
the liver and kidneys fail to act, and are poured into the blood current until
it becomes so polluted and sluggish that the poisons literally breakthrough,
the skin, and carbuncles, boils, abscesses; 1 ulcers and various eruptions of an
indolent character appear, depleting' the system, and threatening' life itself.
The germs and poisons that so oppress and weaken the body and destroy
the life T giving properties of, the 'blood, ; rendering it thin and watery, must
be overcome and carried out of the system before the patient can hope to'
get rid of i Malaria and its effects. ' , :\ -/
i^i^^iJ^'^mm^^^^'. ,hS. S. S. does this and quickly 'produces an entire
. n^*H i lC^ (O^ c^ an & e * n^ e blood, reaching every organ and stim'u-
"i'V^\: ; -Vjjj\.".-V^v bating '.them to vigorous, healthy .action. ,S. S. S.
.^^J fc^/ b^V possesses .1, not only purify ihg; but 'tonic properties,
-p****^ ' Vw^. and the general -health -improves, and the appetite
increases almost from the first dose. , There is no Mercury, Potash, Arsenic
or other mineral in S. S. S. It is strictly and entirely a vegetable' remedy..
* . : \Vrite us about your case, -and our physicians^ will gladly helpydu by
.. their, advice to'regain your health. ., Book on blood and skin. diseases sent
;;free.;'- ¦ y . THESWXrTSPECIFICCO.,A«aata,Ga.;
ADVEETISEMENTS.
No Appetite, Feel Tired,
Can't Sleep, Nervous. In
other words Spring Fever.
Take a few doses of .the Bitters.-
lt will stir up the stomach and
liver and make ycu feel better.
J$$^0&, FIVE DOLLAR I
|^^^?^ ELECTRIC BELT
<l "«*^|gj}S3 B - 11 *'^ $20. Guaranteed
iy-W * genuine. Power-
3?<?=» current.. Latest lm-
ylspN? P'ovements. It ¦ cures
... without medicine. tint
sold by agents or druggists. No discounts
Free by mall on receipt of price. Circulars
£&•» As ?,, or n tbe ;? r - A1<Jen eSSSS
Belt. Call or address the PTPTir-F?
ELECTRIC CO., 2O« Post, st . s. F?
COKE! COKeT
Cheap, Clean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces and_Cooking.
tJ[&!EL! B ?° fuel that wiU compare with coke.
d » n any quantity. Country orders
solicited. P. A. McDONALD. 813 frolsom st. ,
i& iiALL'S *• EINY.GORATOR^O^
Stops all losses in 2i hours. Five *k3cp""fcteS '
hundred reward for any case we £22 uSZ\ i
. cannot cure. This secret • rem- $) f »
edy cures Emissions, Impotency. «3fl KSb
VaricQcele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. ¥3? . R*R
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- ilL • U!vj
hood .and all other wasting ef- KMbS Ki&
tects of self-abuse or excesses. * xi \Z~VL\t-
Sent sealed, 52 bottle; ,3 bottles. *3; guaranteed
to Cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. >S55 Broad-
way. Oakland." Cal. Also for sale at 1073^
. Ma=ket St.. S. F. Send for free book.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GHANGEJjf LIFE,-
Some Sensible Advice to Wo-
men by 2Irs. E. Sailer.
"Deab Hes. Peseham: — When I
passed through what is known as
* change of life,' I had two years' suf-
fering-, — sr.ddcn heat, and as quick
rriiils •would pass over me ; my appetite
was variable and I never could tell for
5IES. E.' SAILKR,
I President German Relief Association,
Los Angeles, Cal.
a day at a time how I would feel the
next day. Five bottles of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
changed all that, my days became days
of health, and I have enjoyed every day
Bince-^now six years.
" We have used considerable of your
Vegetable Compound in our charitable
work, as we find that to restore a poor
mother to health so she can support her-
self and those dependent upon her, if
such there be. is truer charity than to
give other aid. You have my hearty
endorsement, for you have proven
yourself a true friend to suffering wo-"
men."— Mbs. E. Sau.eii, 756^ Hill St.,
Los Angeles, Cal.*— $5000 forfeit If above tes-
timonial ft not genuine.
JSo other person can give such
helpful advice to women who
are sick as can Sirs. Pinkham,
for no other has had such great
experience^ — her address is Lynn,
Mass., "and her advice free — if
you are sick write her — you are
foolish If you don't.Oakland Enquirer:
- 1% Is . probable that Washington " leaders,
though not Informed of all the. details of Cal
ifornia politics, have observed | several facts,
viz: First, the three leading Republican papers
of California — The Call and Chronicle of San
Francisco and the Times of, Los Angeles — are
bitterly opposed to the renomination of Gage;
secondly, a majority. of the, Republican papers
which stand In the second class, such as the
San Jose Mercury and Fresno-- Republican, to
mention but two out of half ~ a dozen, are
equally opposed to the Governor's renomina
tion; thirdly, the contest has taken on the
aspect of a machine and anti-machine fight.
This antagonism between an organization and
public opinion is nothing new, the situation be
ing repeated from time to time In many States
but wherever It may be found It Is ' a bad
condition for a political party to get Into and
It Is not strange If the national leaders In
Washington, who care nothing about either
faction In our State politics, but who desire
party success, should be somewhat alarmed.
The supporters of Governor Gage admit that
the» antagonism exists, and when they, are
candid they confess that the Governor cannot
hope to : poll the entire . Republican vote but
Ft 1 11 they insist that he will be elected, if re
nomlnated. because they believe he will get
a lot of ¦ Democratic '¦ votes. This is a claim
which Is uncertain at best, and s even : If It
should be allowed It . would not ; Improve I the
situation for the rest of the ticket. When: a
party becomes demoralized * through Internal
dissensions the common result Is the abstention
from . voting of many party members, and it
is easy to see what this means. Supposing
that Governor Gage should: repel a large frac
tion of the Republican voters, who would stay
away . from ; the polls on election day, < and
should . attract enough Democratic- voters:, to
give him a plurality, and elect him; the Dem
ocrats who . would vote for Gage for Governor
would be. very unlikely to vote for the rest
of the Republican State ticket or to go for
Republican members of the Legislature. .They
would' follow. their party in these matters, and
the consequences would be the possible election
of: a : Democratic State' ticket andv a": Demo
cratic I^jlslature."i r^^cSirafe»flHSBSi*iJWSfN3^fl3fl' t fi
This Is the danger .which national leaders In
One of the most shameful acts of Governor
Gage's career of maladministration of State
affairs is the appointment, a few days ago.
of "Johnny" Mackenzie of San Jose an a Har
bor Oommifeloner at San Francisco. The term
ts for four years and the salary is $3000 a year.
The position Is one requiring honesty; energy
nnd business and executive ability of a high
order. To his credit be it said Mr. Mackenzie
cever has made any pretense of assuming any
of these attributes. He has been content to be
merely a local ward heeler, then a city political
toss in San Jose, contenting himself and his
followers with such pluckings from the tax
payers as might be had from time to time
through the City Council and the Board of
Education. Lately he has aspired to control
Santa Clara County, which has long vied with
San Francisco as a hotbed of political chi
canery. But Governor Gage, grasping des
perately at every apparent chance to strengthen
his machine, throws all sentiments &l honor,
decency and propriety to the winds. He is
determined to secure a renomination to the
high office which he has so steadily disgraced,
and his appointment of Mackenzie la an Indica
tion that he will scruple at nothing In the fur
therance of hl» schemes to fasten himself and
his political pr-rasltes upon the people of Cali
fornia for another four years. If by any In
excusable mischance the pledge-breaking Gage
should be returned to the executive office | at
Sacramento the unspeakable Dan Burns . would
again be found reaching out and clutching with
his unclean hands at the Senatorial toga. Do
the voters of California want a repetition of
that sickening drama? .
San Diego Tribune:
, In view- of such a prospect it .was positively
cruel for the H. H. . I* push to Induce th«s
Governor to turn: down the labor unions' can
didate for Superior Judge. Ever, since Mr
Gage gave. the push such a bad Jolt in the mat
ter of the - appointment of ¦ managers of the
Stockton State. Hospital, the local machine has
been waiting for-a chance to hit back If tlie
appointment of Mr. - Buck as Superior Judre
causes the , introduction of. some squeaky notes
into the melodious rhapsody which the Gov»r
nor's; chief musicians are -preparing • to -ren(I»r
under the- title, '.'Who Ended: the Strike?'!
many local Republicans will be delighted with
the discord," and If that ¦ appointment should
result In the. retirement of the chief executive
to the quietof his' Los Angeles home the II
H.Mi. push will be almost as happy as It would
be If the editor of the Independent 'should hep
pen not "to get , the i Stockton , postof flee. ¦ ¦'¦:
•." Now, If there is one thing more than another
which Governor Gage desires to have: pro
claimed from the housetops -it is that he is
a friend of the labor unions. Didn't he settle
the great strike in San Francisco? • Just how
much . he did for i the ;. laboring t men In s that
affair . will \ probably hot be j known .-until his
partisans begin- to reveal great' mysteries of
state upon the stump after the Governor has
been renomlnated. Then the other men who
have ¦ been fancying that they - had - something
to do with bringing that great contest to an
end will find out that ; they were mere puppet3
In the hands of Henry T. Gage, .who mesmer
ized . the Employers' Association into - giving
tlie , strikers their positions again. When it
comes to telling how much the laboring men
got out of the settlement, beyond the privilege
of going' to -work again, as a; result of"the
Governor's intervention, we. - may expect • some
modest ; statements on the part of the Gage
orators, ¦ but there , is no doubt that ' the Gov
ernor's part In the settlement of the San Fran
cisco Btrike will be one of .the principal themes
to inspire those who are. getting, their bugles
ready to sound his praises in the coming cam
paign.- ¦. !.. N ¦. • • v /¦.' '¦ .- • : ' ..... ..;-
- While no one can say a word against the
Intellectual and - professional qualifications of
Judge Buck for the distinguished office to
which he has been appointed, lit is well known
that the labor unions had a decided preference
for Mr. Fairall and a I decided antipathy for
Mr. Buck. ";•¦ . ¦ . — ,
' Governor Gage was probably very much sur
prised when he learned ¦ the • facts brought out
by the Mall yesterday in regard to the way In
which the H. H. L.. push tricked him In the
matter of the appointment of a Superior Judge
for this county. It has been a long time since
the push carried a scheme to a successful ter
mination, and the Mail takes pleasure In con
gratulating the organization upon the fact that
its right hand has not forgotten its cunning
nor has its tongue cleaved Uo the roof, of Its
mouth. Life in Stockton without the push
would be Improved in some respects, but it
would ¦ lose much of its excitement.
Stockton Mail:
B.y . the appointment '• of Mackenzie of • ' San
Jose for Harbor Commissioner Governor Gage
has incurred the displeasure of a very large
number of the leading Republican papers , of
the State. It Is claimed "by the recent ap
pointment that ihe Governor has betrayed him
self and the Republican party into the hands
of the boss element. The San Francisco Call
and the 'Los. Angeles Times - are among" the
number . of ' newspapers that are j paying ; their
respects to Mr.' Gage.
Lompoc Journal :
Telegraph Operator Dies.
George Senf, a pioneer telegraph op
erator of this State, who for a quarter of
a century was in the employ of the "West
ern Union Telegraph Company, died Tues
day at his late residence. 293) Pine street.
Senf was born in Germany In 1835 and
came to California in 1852. He commenced
as a messenger boy in the service of the
Western Union and worked his way up
until he became Teceiver for the company
in this city. Funeral services will be held
this afternoon in the chapel at Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery. . .:, v->
The great body of Republicans say no. Their
party is representative of the county, and they
do not propose to permit a handful of manipu
lators to make it appear that a mob represents
the party, or that It is under the dictatorship
of corrupt men. The Republican party is not
corrupt, in spite of the appearance of corrup
tion given It Saturday; Its leaders are not cor
rupt. In spite of the assumed leadership of
corrupt men. The great body of Republicans
are not corrupt, they despise corruption; they
stand for good citizenship and for the best in
terests of their city, their State and their coun
try, and fcr this reason will not follow the lead
of hoodlums, placed in undeserved power by
hoodlum methods. These hoodlums have
brought confusion upon the Republican party
of this valley, a condition which local Repub
licans can and will correct. .•- -a.
The majority of Saturday's meeting was not
representative of the Republican party of Santa
Clara County, no more than the inmates of the
County Jail are representative or its citizen
ship. They can yell, however, and carefully
coached and under the leadership of designing
knaves their yells can silence In a small room
the voices of better men, but is the voice of
the Republican party of Santa Clara Valley
to be lost In the yells of hoodlums?
Thanks to the activities of John D. Macken
zie and the lieutenants who do his bidding the
Republican party of Santa Clara' County is in
a condition bordering upon chaotic. Saturday's
meeting of the Santa Clara County Republican
League but increased the disorder, and unless
the course of the disturbers be stayed and Its
cause removed the handsome majority of over
2U0U that the party had in this county is des
tined to be wiped cut. The question before the
Republicans of this valley is: Are you to suf
fer party defeat at the hands of spoilsmen who
have made the party machinery of this com
munity a by- word?
San Jose Herald:
Ontario Record Observer:
One of the best Informed men in Central
California writes that . "there is going to be
a fight over the Republican ¦ nomination for
Governor which may beat the Republican party
next fall; it will surely be beaten If Gage Is
nominated." And the Pomona Times adds:
."Every Republican . on . principle wants his
party to win in the coming election, but there
are thousands of Republicans on principle who
would welcome defeat with Gage the nominee
for Governor." ; "
And It must be said that this Is not simply
the sentiment of one or two men, or any little
clique of men who may have become dis
gruntled at eome fancied wrong. It is the
prevailing sentiment,, all through this end of
the State. Gage at the ' head of the ticket
this fall will swamp the party. The rank anil
file will have none^of him — they have had too
much already and simply will not stand it any
longer. ' ¦ , ¦
Locally there seems to be no strong sentiment
in favor of any particular man, but you can
not go out on the street and find one man in
ten who will say he wants another term of
Gageism. The Republican party Is patient and
long-suffering in many respects, but it will
not ptand another four years like the past in
this State.,
Give x\b a "man" for a leader or there will
be no . followers. . . ,
It is coldly a question of good Republican
politics, 'about which there should ! not be any
honest differences of opinion — this question of
California's choice for Governor. A vast ma
jority of the better element of the Republican
party is not with the Burns-Gaze push. We
want no more machine-made Governors; no
more autocratic demagogues and bitter par
tisans. - And this kind of a Governor we will
not have If- Burns and his henchmen can be
prevented from subverting and demoralizing the
Republican State organization.
Lodi Herald:
The mere mention of the name Bernard D.
Murphy as a probable candidate for Governor
on the -Democratic ticket has caused a flutter
among the Gage supporters. The fact of near
ly one-half the Republican papers in the State
condemning Gace has maSe no impression, so
there must be something in the name of VBar
ney" Murphy. Mr. Murphy was before, the
convention that nominated James .Budd : for
Governor and made quite a lively race for the
place. ':•¦'-. . • . . *_• '
Willows Daily Journal:
August Forsell, a laborer residing at
318 Ritch street, visited his brother at 162
Hyland avenue yesterday afternoon, ¦ a"nd
while alone in a room cut his throat with
a razor. He was taken to the City and
County Hospital by Sergeant "Wolf of the
Seventeenth-street station. The physicians
sewed up the wound, but believe Forsell
will die, as the windpipe was completely
severed. No reason is known by For
sell's relatives for his action.
Severs His Windpipe.
Judging from present indications there will
be many strange alliances this year. There is
no disguising the fact that the Examiner will
be behind Gage In the next fight — or, at least,
as long as Gage has a possible show of win
ning* At the last election in San Francisco
the Examiner at the inception of the cam
paign came out for Tobln, the Democratic can
diate. for Mayor. Then its support got luke
warm,^ drifted to the frigid mark, then ceased
altogether. The so-called "monarch of all the
dallies" twigged the move that the Labor
Union candidate Schmitz flood the best chance
of winning and directed Its policy accordingly.
The Examiner started Tobin and
concluded by taking the biggest slice of praise
for electing Schmitz.
Auburn Republican:
•. The Examiner says Prepton Is the Spreckels
candidate for ' the Republican nomination for
Governor. If this be true, it means aspllt in
the- opposition to Gage in the south. The op
position to Gage Is likely to have trouble In the
San Joaquln Valley, too. Short's friends seem
determined to send a delegation favorable to
him from this county and there will undoubt
edly . be Short men In the delegations . from
other valley counties. Short is very friendly
with Gaste — he has ' stated, in fact, that he
would not be a "candidate against him — so it is
not -likely that his followers will go over, to
Flint If they see there is no chance for. Short.
The opinion is growing here that neither Gage
nor Flint will ba nominated.
Fresno Mirror:
Governor Gage has been diligently digging
his own political grave for three years, and
when he appointed John D. Mackenzie for Har
bor Commissioner he fell into it. Next fall the
people will gently cover him over and- write
for his epitaph: "Peace be to his ashes. May
we never see hie like again."
San Jose Crucible:
Fire Protection for Richmond.
At a meeting of the P6int Lobos Im
provement Club held last night a com
mittee, consisting of George R. Fletcher,
H. A. Jaudin, G. A. Blank, Edward Grin
ley, John J. Cassidy, H. Munter and Dr.
H. A. Neimeyer, was appointed to wait
on the Board of Supervisors and the Aud
itor and request that provision be made
for the erection of a schoolhousc in the
Richmond district, that a site be secured
and an engine-house erected, as the need3
of the locality demand these improve
ments.
"The politicians assert that the Slough City
triumvirate has led the Governor into a trap,
as Buck is on the blacklist of the Federated
Trades In that city. It is further claimed that
Gage's blunder Is all' the more serious for the
reason that he is said to have promised the
appointment to C. H. Falrali, attorney for the
Federated Trades, and also to ex-Judge Ansel
Smith. The Governor's plans have been to cur
ry favor with labor organizations - wherever
possible, but this blunder, it is claimed will
not help his cause with the laboring classes."
r A dispatch. from Sacramento says: "It ap
pear* that Governor Gage has been handed a
delicately gilded briquette by his political ene
mies in Stockton by appointing George F. Buck
to fill the unexplred term of the late Superior
Judge Budd of San Joaquln County. ! The ap
pointment was made last night upon the recom
mendation, it is said, of Alexander Brown,
chairman of the State Board of Equalization,
•who went to Stockton to feel the public pulse
there regarding the preference for the sev
eral aspirants for the position. The story
comes from Stockton that the appointment was
made to placate Dr. Harkness, chairman of the
County Central Committee;. Orrln Henderson,
chairman of the Board of Supervisors and ex-
Congressman J. A. Louttlt, who have been
particularly active and bitter in their opposi
tion to the Governor. . . ' •
Martinez Daily Press:
Senator W. M. Cutter, secretary of the Re
publican State Central Committee, has gone
back to- his . stenographic . work in Marysville,
saying he would enter the fight for re-election
aa.Sta-te Senator. . Seemingly his visit, to San
Francisco convinced • him that the anti-Gage
element would overlook him in his guberna
torial anplratlons and take up Preston or Flint.
Before he went, however, Cutter declared him
self in warm words against- the. renomination
of Gage, and he is going to fight In the State
Central Committee against, the appointment. of
delegates from ' any county to the State
vention. ¦•-..'•¦ . '
Marysville Democrat:
There is ro more propriety in folding hands
now and lettirs the ring name Its man than
there was two years ago, when the same boeees
attempted to disgrace the State by choosing
Dan Barns one of Its Senators. The fight then
If honest Republicans are prepared to' make
the shameful admission that a corrupt ring of
tricky political bosses can dictate this nomina
tion against the opposition of the decent ele
ment of the party, then let the latter give up
the fight, hold its nose and permit the ringsters
to do their work, which will give California a
Democratic Govrmcr. But if the rank and file
of the Republican party are not willing to con
cede any such disgraceful weakness, it is time
they were up and doing. The Gage gang has
not yet "fixed" things for him. but it is show
ing a pernicious activity in strengthening the
machine all over the State. It Is not too late
for the party to b*at the bosses and avert dis
aster; it will be too late when the ring has
fastened Us tentacles on £very county and
bound the party hand and foot.
it is quite unnecessary to give in detail the
reasons why the renomination of Governor
Gage, even if it were possible to re-elect him,
would be a mistake. Every intelligent Repub
lican is familiar with them. No Governor ever
chosen in California has so shamelessly be*
trayed the confidence of those who supported
him as has Henry T. Gage. When he was
tlected there were men of his party who, while
confident that his administration would be a
clean one, uere inclined to doubt whether it
v.ould be particularly strong. They were not
<3Uite certai4ttbat a practitioner at the criminal
Las, however successful in his long career in
that not veVy enviable calling, would necessari
ly have tlie qualifications requisite for the ex
ecutive of a great State. But whatever mis
givings there may have been on that score, no
body ior an instant imagined that, once in
otSce. Mr.- Gore would turn his back on his
pledges, throw" himself into the arms of the
most notoriously corrupt political ringsters and
obsequiously obey the behests of the hired men
of the great corporations that do politics In
California. All this Mr. (Jage has done, and
more. And noir. utterly indifferent to the sen
timents of the decent members of his party —
and they are in overwhelming majority — he
purposes to force upon them his renomination,
and he seeks to commit this outrage through
the same ur.clean instruments with which he
has coEEOited ever sinct- he took office. It re
mains to be seen whether Henry T. Gage and
his malodorous machine are stronger than the
llepublican party of California.
Henry T. Gage cannot again be elected Gov
ernor of California. The question that \ now
confronts honest Republicans Is: Will the po
litical machine, of which he is an Important
part, prove strong enough to force his renomi
nation and bring disaster to the party? And
this is an issue that cannot be faced too- soon.
San Diego Union:
It is not a matter for marvel that news
paper gentlemen comfortably ensconced In'
postoffices should not find much to criticize In
existing political methods. There never was.
a reform of any sort inaugurated by sleek,
well fed and prosperous gentlemen who are
sleek, well fed and prosperous by virtue of the
good office of some political patron. Never
theleEs. and despite the semi-conscious condi
tion of a portion of the political press, the
politics of. California. Republican as well as
Democratic, Is founded on confoundadly low
ideals of civic virtues and are susceptible of
being improved. Personally, Henry T. Gage
is a cleaner and a better man than James H.
Budd of questionable notoriety, but his poli
tical methods are little If any higher. He Is
a push politician and has filled public offices
with much the same breeds of political cattle
that mussed the stalls under the regime of
his predecessor. It ' Is true enough that Re
publicans have no occasion to apologize to
Democrats because of such appointments be
cause we have been treated to years of Demo
cratic precedent of the same quality, but the
Republican conscience of California is strenu
ously opposed to the push political
which Governor Gage has been pleased to em
ploy, and desires to give California an admin
istration upon a higher political plane. Now
that we have a Republican National admin
istration of an unwonted elevation of political
ideals, it would be an opportune time to af
ford California just such another if the . right
man to lead It can be found. Henry T.' Gage
is not the man the better element of the party
is looking for.
Tulare Register:
The friends of B. D.' Murphy of San Jose
have started a movement to nominate. Mr. : Mur
phy for Governor on the Democratic •; ticket.
Should the noted San Josean consent ~tq run,
ex-Governor James H. Budd has said "that he
would be willing to take the chairmanship of
the State Central Committee and make a great
fight for him. In 1894. .'when Budd. was elected
Governor, - Murphy -contested the ! Democratic
nomination with him.' and was only beaten -by
a very slight majority." -Mr. Murphy has lost
ncne of his old-time popularity all over the
Btate and there are reasons why he should
have 'a particular strength this year,'
Martinez The County Paper:
Arrayed against Gage j are many able foes,"
among them a - large number v.of '¦ Influential
newspapers ; : tho v independent 5 voter, - who ";ber
lieves that machine politics is wrong;',the anti-
Burns crowd; the lrrlgationlsts. who wanted
the Governor to sign the bill asked for by the
Water and Forest Association a year ago, and
thousands of others all over, the State, too
numerous to mention.' VS. . , -.;.-.;. ;
Democratic newspapers; thus : comment
on affairs in the Republican. camp: ¦
San Diego Sun:- v
THE DEMOCRATIC 5 PRESS
The Ga?e organs are ¦worried over the Gov
ernor's indifference, not to say hostility, to
the agricultural interests of the State, espe
cially with reference to his refusal to approve
a fertilizer bill passed by a large majority of
the Legislature, and favored by the brightest
and most successful fruit growers In the
gtate — a body of men of whom four -out of
five are better fitted to be Governor than
Gage.
Every Republican on principle wants hl»
party to win in the coming election, but there
are thousands of Republicans on principle who
would welcome defeat with Gage the nominee
for Governor.
Pomona Times:
One of the best informed men In Central
California writes that "there Is going to be a
fight over the Republican nomination for Gov
ernor which may beat the Republican party
next fall; it wiU eurcly be beaten If Gage la
nominated."
Gage took weeks to make up his mind In tha
matter and obviously In the appointment has
done what he considers the best for Gage But
it requires no political sage to figure out that
the Governor has materially injured himself.
So far as San Joaquln Is concerned, it matters
litttle, for the Governor stood no chance of se
curing any help from this section of the State,
but the appointment has been made note of
elsewhere, and the enemies of Gage will use it
against him . effectively. It will serve as an
illustration to show Just how far -petty poli
tics dictate the Governor's actions. It will be
an object lesson that will Impress itself upon
the people. . . • •.
The Governor's attitude in the matter would
ba reprehensible under any circumstanced, and
in connection with any appointment, but it is
all the more so in the matter of a judicial
position, which should be as far removed from
political influence as possible. . .
The degree to which the scheming politician
overshadows the statesman in - the- Governor's
makeup is well exemplified in this particular
Instance. The Governor listened eagerly to all
sorts of overtures which might redound to his
political benefit. In fact, he was frank to a
dogrco In his talks with those who went to see
him in connection with the appointment. He
bluntly wanted to know what they could do
for Gage.
In the ' character or judicial qualifications of
the man appointed the people have . no just
grounds for. complaint. But they have cause
for indignation and shame in the' Influences
which controlled the Governor In making an
appointment. Legal attainments, judicial qual
ifications, personal character, integrity, were
all weighed in the balance as against political
influence and found wanting in the Governor's
scales. • ....... .. . .- . . :
After weeks of delay, with his ear close to
the ground to catch the faintest tick of wire
less political influence, - Governor Gage has
made the appointment of Superior Judge in
San Joaquln County to succeed the late Judge
Budd.
Stockton Bally Record:
•was between honesty and corruption. Honesty
won. It will win next autumn- if the Republi
can p"arty of California is true to itself. .
Alameda Argus:
A virile writer In the Stockton Mall thinks
that Tirey L. Ford Is the coming leader of
the Republican hosts. The hosts have no
leader now. and the correspondent's suggestion
Is one that is not so very unreasonable. Ford
is of the better class of politicians. He has
been favored with a high and responsible of
fice, and has made good. There is something
to him. The great syndicate which purchased
the Market-street railway system found In him
the man they wanted to look out for their
Important Interests. If Ford should desire to
take a leading part in the campaign he would
not be likely to find much difficulty In break-
Ing in.
Washington perceive, and \ it Is -quite 1 natural
that they should be apprehensive and should
desire the selection • of - a . candidate • for , Gov
ernor who can be elected by tha Republican
vote and who can help to elect a; Republican
Legislature and a Republican. United States
Senator. In other words, as these leaders see
it, the party ' should : have a candidate , who
will aid In pulling the rest of the train and
not one who will ditch it at the first curve.
Santa Ana Herald:
There i3 no special reason why Governor
Gage should ask the great favor of renomina
tion, and there are many reasons why he should
not. -. ¦¦; '.¦¦¦¦ .
lead to his present elimination from local af
fairs. ' . ' ' . - v :
THE leading Republican newspapers of California are decidedly opposed to the renomination of Governor Gage.
In truth Gage has very. few supporters outside of the office-holding brigade of the State. Most of the talk in
his favor comes from Democratic programmers, who sincerely hope that his nomination will be forced on the Re
publican party by the railroad push and the boss machine. Nearly all of the leading Republican speakers who were
foremost in the State campaign of 1898, when Gage was at the head of the ticket, are against his nomination
for another term. Gage has " contemptuously treated many prominent Republicans who gave their best efforts to
win the victory for the party in 1898. He regarded the party's victory in that campaign as his . own personal tri
umph. He sought the first opportunity to offend U. S. Grant Jr., and went out of his way to insult Senator
Perkins at the San Pedro celebration, where the Senator was a guest of the county in which- the Governor re
sides. It is true that the Senator is not the biggest or broadest-minded statesman that the State has ever produced,
but in contrast with the Governor he looms' up. Gage was so chagrined over the defeat of Burns that he could
not show the scant courtesy of attending Senator Bard's reception at the Golden Eagle Hotel, Sacramento. There
surely is a widespread, all around impression that Gage is too small a man for the high office of Governor of
California. The talk of his supporters about his independence and firmness of character is nothing but cheap
laudation. He did not have the firmness to resist pressure or the independence to assert his own judgment when
Burns insisted that Mackenzie should be appointed to the post of Harbor Commissioner
Here is what some of the leading newspapers say of Gage:
Napa Eegister:
Assemblyman Melick of Pasadena gave sev
eral columns of space in his News the other
day to a review of the administration of Gov
ernor Gage. He aims at an Impartial presen
tation of facts and does not omit giving credit
v.-hure he thinks credit Is due. but he says:
••Juet so sure as Governor Gape's renomination
is forced by the aid of boss rule, so sure will
the Republican party be defeated at the polls."
«LL over- the State enthusiastic party, workers are. preparing for the great convention of the LeaRtte of Repobli- |
can Club's to be held at San Jose onthe 14th and 15th inst. < The Santa Fe and Southern Pacific Railroad com- -
"pannes have agreed to Rive a round trip rate of one fare, which settles the transportation problem for the dele- ;
: gates. - At the Garden City preparations are under active way for the reception of the visitors. . 1
. ¦ i From every part. of the State are being sent lists of delegates from Republican organizations. In some of j
the larger interior, cities every ward will be represented,' while small towns all over California are alive to the impor- .
tanceoftthegathering, and> most of them will have delegates present. V-~- -^ - v - !
•:> Large "delegations will be in attendance from, San Francisco, the many extensive Republican organizations of the
metropolis having named long lists of representatives. Los Angeles is also ready to send delegations in keeping with
her importance as a city. One of the most interesting, enthusiastic and important political gatherings ever held in ;
California' will be the result of the great interest shown. J:^ \ ;'• .' , . -^ . ,
: V v Jn addition to the lists of delegates previously published the following have been received by the committee of ar
rangements; the headquarters of which is in the Palace Hotel:
isan Frank P. Kelly. H. W. Fraser. David
Meeker. Harry Angelo, R. S. Falconer. An
drew-J. ; Martin, Captain John Daley, Thomas
V. Carter. Henry P. Filgate. F.'L. Morehouse,
Andrew. Branch. J. N. Fitzgerald. William H.
R - McMartin. John A. McKenna, Patrick Ker
rigan.- Fred Wallace.. ;N „ ._ . -
i German- American Republican Club or San
Francisco— Delegate at large, John D. Spreck
elr; president Captain Robert" Wieneke; sec
retary . Carl W. Mueller; treasurer. William
Plageiinann. Delegates— C. B. Rode. E. C.
Kalben, H.. Bendlt. Dr. A. E. Bruhe, Oscar A.
Tolle, Philip Kiefer, Emil Wcenne. Charles
Bundschu. John Lackmann. Joseph -Scherer. F.
P -Plagemann. George H; Bahrs, Alfred Fohr
man, Charles Drescher. H.- Raschen. William
Lcewe, John . D. Slebe. George Alpers. Louis
Hoake, E. S. Solomon. F. Koment. D. B. Fak
tor Fritz < Gercke, Fred Eggers, John L. Kos
tcr, A. B. Spreckels, H. L. Joachirasen,
Charts Alpers, E. A; AlgtelUnger, CTarles
Samuels Aug Hagedorn. Alternates — Henry
C. Droger, Sam Blbo. Chris Dunker. Thomas
Frahm F L Guntz, Charles Green. Albert
Hcyer," C. 'Schulte, . George S. Miehling. Frank
Schmitz, E. J. I Ercig, Carl Erb, Phillip
Funcke, Adolph Glootz. Hugo Herxer, Henry
Harms. Charles Kuss. C. H. Neuhaus. Charles
Trautner, William Bogen,. F. H. Maas, Louis
Ordensteln, Dr. George I. .Drucker. F. Franx,
John Fleischman, Henry Giele. Charle3 Heinz,
H. KIstenmacher. Sam Levy, Henry. B. Russ,
William Wertsch.. ..
Fremont Republican Club, San Francisco —
President. Percy V. Long; secretary, Frank D.
Macbeth; treasurer. R. C. Van Fleet; delegate
at large, W. M: Abbott.. Delegates— E. F.
Treadwell, L. S. Beedy. Cecil Mark. Dr. F. G.
Baird, L. A. Gibbon. Luther Elkins, J. T.
Williams. Ralph Hathorn. J. T. Gibson, W. S.
Brann. Alternates — Olln Berry. J. C. Peters,
R. W. Dennis, C. H. Holton. Leon Prescott. A.
W. Lyser, J. R. Daniels, M. M. Garoutte, W.
C.Hubbard, F. Lund.- .
Stanford University Republican Club — Presi
dent, Herbert C. Jcnes; secretary, Arthur M.
Free; delegate at large. F. A. Lelb. Delegates
— E. W. Rice, J.. G. de Forrest. F. W. Doan,
David Cowden, H. C. Lucas. Alternates — Rich
ard Lockey Jr.. W. B.-'Barnhisel. B. P. Oak
ford, Claude Winans' C. A. Cantwell.
Roosevelt Republican Club. San Francisco-
President, George R. Wells: secretary, E. G.
Knapp. Delegates — W.' J. Ilerrin, Henry P.
Sonntag, J. D. Hanna. E. N. Ayres. T. J. Mor
ten. S. N. Mitchell, P. M. Gopchevltch. W^. N.
Hall.' Alternates — C. E. Thurs ton. Joseph Car
roll, Johnson Elliott, Peter Connors, W. S.
Hamilton. G. W. Lewis.
Republican Mutual Alliance, San Francisco —
President, L. Vincent; secretary, W. L. Rey
nolds; treasurer. M. Gallick;. delegate at large.
P. E. McCarthy. Delegates— <J. Muller. D.
¦Becker, • H. - Loy", T. Philipps, A. Simon, F.
Grimes, "J.C.. Johnson, T. F. Bryant. J. H.
Paige, M. A: Smith. Charles Alpers. T. H.
Hausman. A. G. -Merrill. A. C. Berthier.
Charles Mayers. C. R. Frankllng. J. J. O'Con
nor,. J.. Graham. Martin Kelly. 'James H. Daly.
Thomas Gosland, J. P. McMurry. S. S. Shaben,
H^'.V. Morehouse^ C. S. Laumeister, Percy Mc
baum, John Daly, C. S. Laumeister, Percy Mc-
Klnley. G. W. Lewis, J. E. Elkington. Dr. J.
G. Crawford, Martin Fragley. Jerome Basslty.
D.vW. Erwln; G. W. Hubble. Thomas Barry,
D. Brandley Plymire. Louis Hultz, A. W. Cllls.
W. H. Nolan. Charles de Voll. C. G. Nagle.
Dr. F. F. Lord, Dr. F. W. Harris. Donald Mc-
Clay, Charles E. Kline, J. Cavanaugh. E. L.
Marshall, H. Bennet. M. GallecK, W. L. Coles,
Thomas Bird. C. H. Van Orden. J.' Lynch. Abe
Fromberg, C. Green, J. McCarthy, James J.
Murry. Nathan Blbo, Maxwell McNutt, I. Gold
man,...George W. McAllister. Alternates —
Thomas' Sheehan, A. T. Neagle, Frank Cuneo.
Thomas H. Lindsay, John F. Crowley. J. H.
Clausen, Philip Mclntyre, J. J. Malcolm.'Wil
liam Hoelscher, Charles Green, Charles Mc-
Clain. A. J. Hotaling. Frank W. Cloyes. Nell
rBassity, Charles Easton, Louis Grange. William
T. Howe, John - J. Sullivan. Daniel Sklllen,
George J. Rtpley, H. - W. Goocli. Dr. M. New
man, A.S. Paige, William M. Conklln, William
F. Kibbler. Dr. P. A. Kearney, Morris Bchan,
Julius A. Hult, Albert Hauser, W. E. Darneal,
John J. Bahrs, James H. Gates, Milton Davis,
J. P. Howell, Daniel Foley, George Sharp, W.
Cohn, T. W. Harris, John B. Carson, George
Nellsen, E. A. Henderson, Louis Haake. John
Tuttle, George H. Seyden, E. K. Patterson, A.
H: Menne. T. Erragori, D. Rimllnser, Rod Mc-
Donald, J. F. - McCarthy, C. P. • Lyons, F. J.
Meincke, George A. Hensley, J. C. Henderson,
A. H. Doyle, William H. Tilson, James Dhue.
James Fitzpatrlck. Harry Cousins, W. J. Hol
land, Charles Engleke, J. A. Beardsley, J. E."
Sllnkey.
Continental - League,' San Francisco — Dele
gates—E. H. A!geltinger, Asa R. Wells, J. M.
Troutt, P. L. Archibald, Emile Bauer. George
H. Bahrs. W. H. L. Barnes, C. H. Ball, Dr.
F. G. Balrd, Paul Barblere, Amos Currier, J.
C. Campbell,. D. T. Cole. Charles F. Curry. Dr.
W. D. Clarke, Colonel J. C. Currier, Dr. Wil
liam Condory, Frank D. Macbeth. Thomas
Flint Jr., H. S. Llnnell, Tirey L. Ford, E. D.
Peixotto, John D. Spreckels, Frank A. Vail,
John H. Steok, Adam Smith, August Stolz,
Robert Ash. W. D. Sanborn. Gustave Schnec.
C. S. Laumeister, John Hunt Jr., L. A. Gib
bons, A. S. Hubbard. Wrisht H. Peck, J. M.
Thomas, H. L. . Joachimsen, .Charles W. John
son, 'J. LTKoster, E. G. Knapp, John C. Lynch,
: George W. Lewis. Marshall B. Woodworth. T.
C. Masteller, Wlllis_fi. Dodd, Colonel George
Stone, B. P. Flint, Hamilton J. Rigglns, M.
H. de Young.. C. J. Paton, M. D.; William H.
Pratt, A. Ruef. Samuel M. Shortrldge, Dr. A.
S. Adler, Charles H. J. Truman, I. J. Truman,
Thomas B. Uptcn. Frank D. Worth. A. J.
Vining, A. P. Van Duzer. R. H. Webster. E.
Myron Wolf, Aaron H. Brown, P. J. Enright,
B. F. McKinley, B. L. McKlnley. M. F. Tay
lor, William A. Treadwell, H. G. W. Dinkel
splel, Jacob Steppacher. James E. Field, C. M.
Nichols, George S. Graham, J. W. Perry. Sol
Shipper. Frank P. Deering, George H. Plppy,
P. N. Lilienthal.
Fortieth District Republican Club, San Fran
cisco—Delegate at large, R. H. Webster. Dele
gates — Hamilton A. Bauer, H. F. iPeart, John
Henderson, B. D. Pike, A. C. Rulofson. S. D.
Davis, W. H. Robinson, Sol J. Levy, Lucius
L. Solomons, L. E. Prescott. J. L. Frisbee, D.
M. Fletchep, J. G. Gtesting, F. W. Hubbard,
F. 'J. Bauer, Daniel T. Cole, Thomas P. Wood
ward, ¦ George H. Dyer, Sanford Felgenbaum,
D. A. Ryan, Charles Sutro Jr., Samuel Me-
Burney. John D. Schroeder. Edward Kelly.
Santa Ana McKlnley Club No. 1 — President.
James McFadden; secretary. E. S. Wallace;
treasurer, F. W. Mansur; delegate at large.
Professor J. P. Greeley. Delegates — J. W. Bal
lard,. Frank Vegeley, E. T. Langley, J. W.
Klng,;W: T. Fritz, Linn L. Shaw, William
Scott, Frank Ey, Dr. W. M. Bruner, G_ W.
Angle, R. Y. Williams, Z. B. West. James
Irvine, Dr. C. D. Fall. Alternate at large. Cap
tain J. H. Hall. Alternates — H. J. Forgy. J.
E. Bunker. Dr. W. H. Hill. E. M. Smiley, C.
H. King. W. A. Beckett. N. A. Ulm, H. B.
Keeler, A. Y. Wright. . F. G. Taylor, W. M.
Smart, George' S. Smith, G. Campbell, George
E."' Robinson.
' Fifth Ward Republican Club, Sacramento—
President,- W. S. Simmons; cecretary, P. T.
Johnston; delegate at large. A. J. Johnston.
Delegates-^George W. Jackson, W. S. Simmons.
Joseph Arnold, J. P. Kelly, Walter Hllbert,
J. jW. Johnston, F. T. Madeley. Webster Lalng.
J. L. Flanagan. C. A. Bliss. F. W. Carey, P.
T.' Johnston. William N. Lamphrey. Emmet
Phillips, J. Christie. Alternates — Fred Zeigler
A. E. Robinson. Samuel Jennings, Vernon Wat
son, Frank Hlckman. William Jenks. Carl Sea
mans, . Henry Lohman, Lester Russell, William
Lampert. C. W. ' Fitch, C. , B. Harris, Joseph
Steffens. ,
'•¦ Ala'meda ' Veteran Republican Club — C. L-
Metzger, G. E. Clarke. H. H.Todd and G. C.
Babcock. Alternates — G. R. Miller, S. J. Loop
an3 r T. 1 Elsfeldt.
;-'Yo«o County — E. H. Archer. R: Clark. Georgs
Pierce. { Davinville : Otto Schluer. F. H. Owen,
Winters :» Henry Simmons. W.F. MIxon, Cap
tain B. B.vTuttle, Plalnfleld; E. C. Webber, W.
S.~-. Allen. Dunnlgan; . James Kieth, Graf ton;
George Hoppln. ¦ Yolo; George Scott, Madison;
S. Hlnsdill. Clarksburs; W. A. Cannedy ami
Phi! Dahl, Winters; President .Wall and Sacre
tary Huston of tha Yolo Republican Club.
. -California 'has .-thirty-two camps of ihe
Army, anil Navy Republican League, all
of which are , to be represented. The fol
lowing, have already, selected delegates:
s Lcland Stanford Camp No. 2, San Francisco —
Colonel, M. S.' Blackburn; adjutant, J. S. Gra
ham; delegate at large, J. Murray Bailey,
adjutant general A. N. ;' R. L. Delegates—
John • L. . Boone. C. Mason Klnne. William AI
berber,~R. H. Warfleld,"S. W. Knowles, George
A. Fisher." C." P. Welch, William Irelaort. G.
H. A. Dtopfel, P. M. Belton, John Heffernan.
Abraham Emis. John Hope. Adjutant Joseph
Graham. Colonel M. S. Blackburn, Mose Was
sennan. N. P.> Chipman, Bert F. Miller, Mat
Harris, George Mollintore. Henry Dibble. L.
Van. P. M. Archibald, James A. Plymtre, J.
B. Marvin, R. R. Bigelow, Frank McGowan,
E. B. Griffith, F. C. Masteller. William -H.
Whorff, E. L. ilerrlman, R. L. Deverell, J.
C. Bowles. William J. Ruddick.
Ateer Camp No. 4. San Francisco^ — Colonel
W. F. Howe; adjutant G. W. Albert! : delegata
at large, Leon E. Jones. Delegates — W. H. L.
Barnes, J. B. Fuller, W. R. Smedberg, Charles
Ellis. H. Burdell, R. E. Whiteneld, J. H.
Soper. C. H. McCausland. M. Harris, J. C.
Currier. E. A. Bullls. T. K. Stateler. W. H. H.
Hart. T. H. Goodman. A. J. Vinlng. E. R.
Merrlman, I* C White, J. Mackey, L. D.
OHn. W. W. Freeland. E. W. Woodward. II.
M. Bryant. M. Schlaudecker. N. P. Chipman.
J. T. Dare, J. A. Whlteside, C. H. Jenkins.
H. T. Smith. J. Tuttle, F. Hanson, C. P. Bar
bee, J. Denning, G. H. Arnold, Georgs Webb.
Sampson Camp No. 21, San Jose — Colonel, D.
H. Bryant; adjutant, H. B. Fisher; delegate at
largs. Dr. M. A. Southward. Delegates^ — Coio
nel D. H. Bryant. Adjutant H. B. Fisher, C
L. Burdlck, Ralph Waldo, Charles Ashworlh.
James Looze. W. H. Anderson, Quartermaster
W. G. Cooper, T. J. Stone. T. J. M. Mc-
Geoghegan, H. H. Nichols. J. T. CKeefe. H.
C. Brown, A. I*. Brower. J. S. Gage, W. C.
Brown, W. H. Brown, H. L. Partridge. Al
ternates^ — W. A. Coulter, G. B. Burdlck, John
Lefner, George Owsley, W. C. Bailey, W. H.
Jones, Sylvester Sampson, George Kldder, R.
P. Gllbreath. J. J. Porter, Thomas Delehanty.
Moore Briggs, Charles Hogg, G. A. Murray.
J. E. Halllday, Perry Newberry. G. Q. Barlow.
W. T. Wiggins. Samuel Close. R, L. Wlthrow.
Lincoln Camp No. 7. San Francisco — Colonel,
E. H. Herrick: adjutant, C. F. Knerr; delegato
at large. S. M. Snyder. Delegates — F. W.
Newbert, John F. Plumbe, Charles M. Cook.
T. H. Smith, Charles Schroff. E. J. Lee, E.
A. Grant. W. L. O'Dell. R. V. Frederick. P.
W. Commlns.
Camp Myers No. 15, Fort Jones — Delegate at
large, Andrew G. Myers. Delegates^ — John
Crawford. Harry Mathewson. E. B. Edson.
Alternates — H. J. Llghthill, Sanford Crawford,
Abram Erno. George Lighthill.
Camp U. S. Grant No. 5. Sacramento — Dele
gate at large, Truman Reeves. Delegates — K.
L. Hawk, G. W. Ficks, C. E. Adams, A. IX
Miller, C. H. Haskins. A. D. Hurd. J. 3i
Milllken, C. W. Anderson. F. L. Jones, J. S.
Esterbrook. Alternates — J. Jf. Herr. M. E.
Gates. Louis Geltner, O. P. Dodge, T. V.*.
Sheehan, N. N. Denton, Scott Ennl3. J. II.
Measure, W. II. H. Willey, E. L. Richards.
J. W. Lindner.
Watsonville Camp No. 32^ — Colonel. B. A.
Osborn; adjutant. H. C. White. Delegate — W.
H. Hacabout. Alternates — G. Goeltly. T. L>.
Trueworthy. Charles Beckhart.
Occident Camp No. 23, Occidental — Colonel,
Luctan Bruce; adjutant, John SI. Candles;
delegate at large, Frank Bruce. Delegate — D.
N. Craig. . . _ '
Veterans', Republican Club of Vallejo— Presi- ,
deht. F. A." Helter; secretary. C. B. Butler:
treasurer, William* Street. Delegates — Stephen
Finnell. H. J. Bucttfng, Charles Hughes, J.
Fleshman , and John Kpellman. Alternates —
S. D. Dasher, A: Reinoenl. A. Noack, W. P.
HaiTisor. 'and J. . L. Voorhees.
•Pomona Valley Republican Club — President,
'E. C. Blchowsky; secretary,' Ira A. Lee; treas
urar, J. T. Brady; delegate at- large, A. T.
Currier; • Delegates— S. M. Haskell, Dr. E.
Henderson, H. A.';Broughton, Charles Schman,
E. C. Blchowsky. F. A. Molyneux; I. F. Wire.
JL5 : C: Meredith,- C. B. Messenger, ." Frank
Raynes, E. .J. Fleming, E. W.Schuler, Ira A.
Lee, M.- M/ Dewey. W. A. : Johnston, S. N. An-.
drews, E. E. Swanton, AV.M. Avis, 'John Web
ber. -Wx ¦ H. Schurman, 3. T. Brady, B. F.
Summers and .D.-H. Collins. Alternates— W.
B. Stewart, J.~ S. •'- Bennett, G. P. ' Robinson, J. !
A.' Dole, :'A.; J. Cook, C P. Wilson, Stanley
Bates, W. A. Bell, J. H* Cowdeiy.. C. M.
Coates, C. C. Johnston, S. F. Owen, W. D.
Ellis, A. H. Tufts, J. A. Steffa, W. H. H.
Scott,- Steve Alden, A. M. Zole, J. J. Henry,
A. P. Nichols, Salve Soto, B. Torrey and D. R.
Knull; ¦ •:.¦¦• ¦•*"•.'• .. '¦ • ¦ V .
Long -Beach Kenublican Club— President,' L.
G. Perce:' vice -president. -.F. M." McCutcheon;
secretary, Fell B. LiKhtburn; treasurer, C. L.
Heartwell." Delegates — J. B."v Heartwell. R.
Klncald, A. M. Goodhue." J. W. Wood, G. H.
Bixby, W. P. Wilson, C. J. E. Taylor. B. C.
Kenyon and \V." P. L. Stafford. Alternates—
Charles E. I Mitchell, T. - Stovall. E. • W. Me-'
Cutchegn, V3. C. .Craw, J..E. Shrewsbury. F.
B. Ives. E. C. Denio, George T. Hirsch and R;
H.-Trlpp.v. ¦•¦,¦¦- - . ¦ •-¦¦¦¦ ¦ - - ; •"
First Ward Young Men's Republican League.
Los Arsreles— President, George Weeks; secre
tary, - Cbarles^.0. Winters: treasurer, W. WV
Stockwell; delegate at large, - Motley FUnV
Delegates— Harry F. Stafford, D. C. McGarvip.
Frank. McDanlel, Fred H. Houser and William
HT Pierce; r - . -• - - • ¦ -¦ • ;¦
Cupertino Republican Ctijb — President, J.^R.
Johns; secretary, It. V. Ganod; treasurer,* J.
D. Williams; delegate at large, B. Grant Tay
lor; .Delegates— W. E. Stevens iand Ai J.
Loyet. Alternates— -3. P. Crossly Jr. : and C.
Baldaesinl. ;¦• •• V* ' " ' . - "•'
-rMcKinley Club of Covlna — President. F. M.
Chapman; secretary, " E. B. .Carrier; treasurer,
J -C. Hutchinson Jr. ; delegate at large, C. F.
Parker; alternate at large, . H. ES Chesebro.
Delegates — J. C. Houser, Clarence Allison. W.
F. Snodgrass, J. L. Matthews. Alternates — C.'
E..Bemls. Austin Warner, L. J. C./.Spruanc*.
C. W., Potter, J ¦ -
• Republican ' Leacue '. Club of -Paso Robles —
President/ E. Ladner; secretary. C. A. Farnum;
treasurer, P. C. Glassman. Delegates — Dr.- J.
H.- Glass, A; R. Booth. E. A. Ferry. Alter
nates — R.'D. Jarmey, J. E. Cliff. E. F. Young,
A. Monteith. •,..;-• ; ¦ . :: • „
£ a- Luis Oblspo Republican Club — President.
Charles A. Palmer; secretary, W. N. -Ent;
treasrurer, John Kelshaw; delegate at large. E. .
T. 'Ferguson. Delegates — Albert Nelson. John
Whicher. J. W. Smith. Warren M. John. John
F. Fiedler, Benjamin Brooks, Victor H/: Woods.
Stephen D. Ballou, Otto Slnshelmer.v Alter
nates — Louis Enos, Charles Kaetzel, "Joseph
Lacsy, William Sandercock. Charles A. Young
love, Henry E.Hoff, Judson Rill. F. W. Vet
terllne,'William Shipley, Paul; M. Gregg. H.
C. Fry, H. E. Steinbeck. R. L. Dempsey.
Cambria .'Republican Club — President. Alex.'
Patterson; secretary, J.-'D- Campbell; treasurer."
John H Eubanks. - Delegates — C. K." Bright,
Jasper Gne?a, John- Taylor, Earl Van Gorden. .
B. H. Franklin, at lanre. - Alternates — AV.- A-
Shang, P. Mas-ettl. P. H. Murphy, Solon May
field and W: H. Hamilton.
State Capitol McKlnley Club. Sacramento^-
President, W. O. Swan Jr.': > secretary. Charles
H. Clear; treasurer, Charles' E.' I3romp; : dale
gate -at large, 'W. W. Douglas. ..Delegates —
George W. Scott, Dan D. Sullivan, Charles ¦W*
Vickery, D. A. Moulton. Walter • L. Rickett,
Charles Waymire, Frank E. ¦. Wright. Daniel
Kevane, Charles . H. . Holmes. Alternates — J. .
T. Stafford L C. Streining, Frank J. Pender-
Bast, Frank Mauricio, H. C. Herrill, J. N.
Fitzgerald, Raymond C. Waring, Charles J.
1 Willey R. P. Roper, Thomas McDermott, J.
C. Scroggs, L. W. Matthias. William Preston.
. Second. Ward Republican Club. Sacramento—
¦President, W. Leitch; secretary, . C. A. Root;
treasurer, Edward Nathan: delegate at large.
Ed.McErwen. Delegates — T. Flahlve, J. Mar
tin. J. A. Perry, J. Thomas, A. H. RemicH. J.
C. Vogelsang. . • ,. . ...
Third I Ward Club, Sacramento — Delegates—
J. L. GIlIIs. J. B. Klelgel, Fred Turner. A. S. :
' Baker C. - W. Paine, J. A. Moore, J. A.-\Green.
W H. Hamilton. C. A. B. Brackett. A. C.
Clemm, W. H. Lugg, W. R. Hall, C. J. Cooper,
E.. B. Jackson. W. H. Hugo, Carl .Reuter.
James McCaw, J. J. Casey, A. - Nygreen. .
¦• : Sixth Ward Republican Club, Sacramento —
President,' D. J. Long; secretary. James C.
Conway: treasurer. John Well; delegate at
large, E. C. Roeder.' Delegates — J. ' N. . Hig
gins S. Stone, F. M. Egan. H. C. Muddox,
Georpe - C McMullcn, Elwood Bruner. James>
Seadler, J. C. Boyd. Alternates — H.-N. 'Stick,
D McLaughlln. L. W. Kevane, S. B. Smith,
Ira Conran, I J. . W. Haley, J..H. Heltman. W.
K. Johnson. M. A. Howard, W. J. A. O'Brien.
Ferguson Burns, Frank Mead. '' . ¦.
; 'Seventh Ward Republican Club, - Sacramento
—President, George Murray; secretary, J. J.
McKinnon: treasurer, M. W. Dunbar; delegate
at • large, - C. T. Jones. Delegates — George . B.
Stack, R.' T. Devlin, L. P. Williams, C. W.
Baker, W. H. . Govan,' • F. D. • Ryan, Harry
Rodgers, Florence J. O'Brien, M. M. Drew.
Alternate at large, L.'D. Collins. Alternates —
A. J. Gall!gan, J. Hickey. H. T. Harper, E. A.
Cronch,'- A>- J. Wilson. C. H. Beesley, 4 F. J.
Johnston,^ C. H.Rott. J. Riley. \ .
Eighth Ward Republican Club, Sacramento —
Delegates — C. - M. Popt, at large; George Bul
lock, Harry George, E. E. Panabaker, William
Lovell,' " Thomas ¦ James, H. C. . Vadenburg,
¦Charles J. Chenu, L. Dwyer, S. G.i Hess, Peter
F. Ruman. .Thomas H. Berkey,' John C. March,
H. O. Buckmahl '• Alternates — W. J. Davis, at
large; Fred Schneider, C. C. Cemares, Edward
Cox Sr., James Morris, John Clauss, George
Trelchler, ! J. ¦ L. Orr, J. . P. Callendlne, C. . E.
Hook. P. J. Lannon, '< George Wittenbrock, J.
J. Monteverde, A.:G. Labhard. v ;
' Gait Republican Club — President,' John
Brewster, secretary: O. N. ~ Bartlett, '¦ treas
urer, .'P. H. Harvey;, delegate at large, J..J.
Campbell. Delegates— J. W. Angrave, M. A.
Sparks. " . . .
lone Republican Club — President, C. H. Mc-
Kenney, vice president, G. E. Waddell; secre
tary. Dr. E. , G. Woolsey; treasurer, Frank
Frates ; . delegate at large. Dr. C. B. Reddick.
Delegates — C. G. Noble, Harry Peck, Dr. L.
A.t Frary, W. W.' Carlisle. Alternates — G. Er
Waddell, L. ,T. Eaton, Oscar F. Burris, Joseph
Sibloe. Edwurd Scott.
Colusa Republican : Club — President; " L. L.
Hlcok; secretary,". E. C. Barrell; treasurer, : T."
Harrington: -delegate at - large, ; T. ' O. Arens.
Delegates— F.' E. Wright, J. ' L. : Allison, Ernest
Weyand. Alternates^— G. W. Tuttle. J. P. Mnl
ters"bach, J. Morris Johes, A. B. Tenent, G.' W.
Farnsworth,.J. F. Campbell. .
.¦ Santa Rosa Republican Club— President, . R.
L. Thompson ;' secretary pro tern, J. H; Brush.
Delegates— A .• G. Burnett, L. A. Jordan, W. F.
Price, W. T. Brush, U. G. Peterson. . J. T.
Butts, "•¦ A: B. . Lemmon, Victor • Pleazi, . Somers
B. Fulton, W. J. T. Orr. L. V. Hitchcock, H.
M.'Le' Baron. O. O. Webber, E. T." Woodward,
E. C.Merrltt. C. E. Haven.
-' Mountain View Republican Club-^President,
George Taylor: secretary, F. P. Beverly: treas
'urer,-C.¦¦Whelan; delegate at large. William
Sloat/ - Delegates — W. A. Clark, F. L. Cutter,
T. , F.^ Grant, C. P.', Berry, W.-T.' Wright, Fy
' Daniels. V- Alternates— J. S. Enright. A: W. i Bu
chanan, : E."- Darmlon, . A. 1 ' W. ¦ Ehrhorn/- P:
Klein. G. North, B. F.; Gates. ! i, '
Union ; League Club. San . Francisco — Presl
' dcr.t,"v George , H. v Pippy : secretary. . .1. . B. . Ful
ler- -treasurer. I. W. Hellman Jr. Delesrate? —
W'illam M.~ Abbott.-- E. Coleman. H.. G. W.'
DinkMsplel. G. ; H. Gray, S. H: Kent. F.. Mc-
Gowan. S M.: Shortrldge,'.'G. H. Umbsen.' G.
H.-.Pahrs.' A. K. Daggett.J J." H. Doollttle;
G. -F. Hatton. ;Thomas Kirkpatrick," J.;H.
Nfff J A Simpson. \\V. C. - Van' Fleot; D.. T.
Colo' "E. F:; Delger. TIrey L. Ford> O. K.
ITinz. I. "W. Lees, H. T. Power. E. J. Smith,
U •" S. '¦ Webb. _-.-; ¦ -¦ - -" g 1 " "f I jy*t'^'*rag*tW6E
'Pboenix • Republican Club, * San Francisco —
President. '¦ • Thomas ..-D. - • Riordan; •* secretary.
Thomas. F. O'Neill; delegate at large. Char'es
F. - 1 Curr>*. '-'. Delegates — Joseph ; C. Campbell,
.Tames Baclgalupl/ Frederick Danforth." William
S' Wood.? Henry H; Lynch.* George A." Knight,
Thomas C. Maher. John B. Irish. William M.
Howe/ A; *A: Fiindlander, Thomas V. Eddy.
SaimieHM.\ Shortrldge. M., H.. Smith. Joseph
King. ' Thomas '--Eeran. Alternates — Hon.
Charles F; Low, George T. ; Covey. J. J.'Hour-
Additional List of Delegates Chosen to. Attend the League.
" Convention of Republican Clubs at San Jose.
I; Railway Rates Are Fixed.
Wherever the Governor Is Best Known the Opinion Is Most
Freely Expressed That He Is Too Small a Man for
the High Office He Holds, - Siiltl
VIGOROUS PROTEST OF INFLUENTIAL NEWSPAPER AND LEADING MEN AGAINST
RENOMINATION OF GAGE FOR GOVERNOR BY REPUBLICAN STATE CONVENTION
THE SAN CALL, THURSDAY, 3, 1902.
THE machine forces are
vexed over the refusal
of Harbor Commis
sioner -Kirkpatrick. to
accept ; th'e push pro
gramme. '-The bosses have
given orders that certain
changes must be at once
made. Kirkpatrick has
given leading men of
this city positive, as
surance that the af
fairs of the board, so far, as
he is concerned in their cli-;
rection,- shall be conducted
to conserve the commer
cial arid industrial inter
ests of the" city and State.
The scheme of the bosses
to use. the patron
age to boost Gage at the
August primary election
may fail.
' HUMBOLDT SCHOOL ' GRADUATES.— The
graduates ;, of • the , Humboldt Evening School
hav-»>. oitranizedi'an • alumnus association and
electod : the. following, officers: : President," Allan'
H. < Browne;" vice 1 president.- E. 'Wallace ' Bor
ough; secretary, Wallace M. Hussey.
Indignant protest was only restrained by the
hope that the appointment of .VWhlsperinfr
Johnny" to a place upon the water front would
When the Governor of , California, a week or
more ' ago, appointed John D. Mackenzie to a
place upon^the Board of Harbor Commissioners
the decent* and self -respecting: people of this
community' felt obliged to hold their breath
and bite tneir lips in order to keep down their
disgust at the unfit and unsavory appointment.
An Immediate - and unmistakable outburst- of
San Jose Mercury
5
the eyeball bas returned to its normal size.
I wa nt to say to friends and sufferers of eye
diseases that Dr. Coffee's Adsorption Treat-
ment is tbe greatest discovery in the world.
Don't wait and trust other doctors, but -write
or eo to Dr. Coffee at once : be will treat you
richt and never deceive you. He will cure you
Quickly and at a very small expense." *
The severest cases of cataracts, scums, films
ton tbe eyeball, wild balrs. gran-
ulated lids, ulcers, in fact any-
thing: but complete paralysis'
of optic nerve can be cured at
home at small cost, by Dr.
Coffee's mild Absorption Eem-
edics. No matter bow your
eyes are afflicted write today
for tbe 80-pasre free book. It
may show you or eome friend
the way to sight. Address
JR. W.0. COFFEE, S26 Good Block. Des Moines,'l».
MRS. S. J. BLACKBCnN.
Mrs. Blackburn's husband bad spent nearly
*H his earnings tryinir to have bcr slsrht re-
etored. But Dr. Coffee cured .her at small
expense. She sars :
"I went uuder Dr. Coffee's treatment and
my eyes betran to improve from tlie first, and
in just ten days I trot enough sight to see bis
features. I have steadily improved since, the
scum and white spots came off the sight, the
¦wild Lairs Gradually quit proving; the granu-
lation cot well and now I can see to read a
rje\vf;pa;)cr four feet away; sicht is perfectly
clear ai;d I bave not a pain in my eyeball since
The remarkable e-perience of Mrs. E. J.
Blackburn of Des Moincs. who was cured of
blindness by Dr. Ooffcn. after being treated by
thirty-six doctors, is told in her own words in
Dr. Coffee's fkle >«-pog-« book. " New System
of Treating Diseases of the Eye," The book
is &, veritable encyclopedia describing every
eye disease, with photographs la colors of
cases l>r. Coffee bas curcd.
Sight. Read Her
Story.
ftlrs. E. J. Bfzckburn Was
Treated by Thirty- six Doc-
tors and Got No Help.
Dr. Coffee Restored
Her to Perfect
Blind Eleven Years.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SB. PIEKCE'S HE33LEDIES.
ITMAKESS3 -#¦¦!
Up pip ppA* e V}& I
Goiden T% I
:ffledi&ai m)m
Discovery Ml \
Gives ";¦ M
* Working m
Strength. W
" I know you expected a letter from me
some time ago; but I will state my rea-
sons, plainly, why I did not write before
this," says Mr. Joseph Grass, of Brewer,
Perry Co., Mo. «It was because I did
not wish to deceive any one. I wanted
to be sure that your 'Golden Medical
Discovery » had benefited me and it took
time after I stopped taking the medicine,
before I ; felt sure I . had realized perma-
nent results from its use. After taking!
six bottles of ' Golden Medical Discov-;
ery V and one vial of . your ' Pleasant Pel-;
lets' am able to do a day's xvork with\
any man. I cannot express in words the;
good your medicines have done me."
Di*m Pferco's Pleasant Pal-
lets cure > constipation*ARTFUL WORK OF BUSY CUPID
BRINGS DAY OF MANY WEDDINGS
The quektion is: Will Miles retire, or be retired,"
or will the President get tired ?
; Faversham, the. actor/ seems to be inspired with an
¦aiio'gether unnecessary purpose to' reveal, his charac
ter to the public. : Common decency should j suggest
cven|to suclvas he that his marital 'mysteries' are not
"affairs in which, reputable .people ;'are concerned *.-,
It is announced. that, the children. of Marion Craw
ford have obtained/ from court permission^ to V adopt
"i\larion- Crawford" as* a family name, so as to dis
tinguish 1 them from any ordinary family of Crawfords/
but it is to be hoped the precedent, will not be fol
lowed by all our aspirants for; family distinction: It
would;be rnuch more American for any one who
wishes a ; distinguished name to getin and make one
Each and all of those counties have how an oppor
tunity, in co-operation ; with San; Francisco, Jto share
in a movement of great energy and wide scope. It
is to be hoped there is not a single county that has not
within it a sufficient number of progressive, enter-
In discussing the work before the committee and
the State Board of Trade 1 President Chipman said at
the meeting on Tuesday :, "There are fifty organized
counties, north of the . Teliadjapi Mountains/Every
one of these counties shpuUT be shown the impor
tance to it of affiliating with the Cali
fornia' State Board of Trade.. : There is not. a
county in the entire group that. diJes not offer some
inducement to the homeseeker, or'does not desire tb ;
reinforce its population and capital, or that has not
one or more industries that may attract the immi
grant or the capitalist.. And yet it must be admitted
that the naturar resources and attractions of many of
these counties are as yet but little known outside of
their, borders."
The enthusiasm with which the movement has
been started, the rapidity with which it lias grown
from comparatively small beginnings to its present
magnitude, and the character of .the men who have
consented to advance it, not only by, contributions of
money but by serving it actively, ought to be enough
to assure even the most skeptical that a golden op
portunity is now afforded the /people of Northern
California to begin a new .era in the history- of the
development of the rich resources of their counties,
and to promote all their industrial enterprises Every
county where the people are desirous of achieving
"big things" within the immediate future should be
represented in the movement. Not one can afford to
stand aside and leave it for some neighboring county
to do the work. It-is a time when the principle of
one for all and. all for one should be applied as a
matter of business as well as of sentiment.
•During the discussion of the financial prospects of
the organization it was stated that what is desired is
not a large contribution at first, but an assurance of
regular monthly contributions, so tljat the directors
may know what revenues they will have to count on
in carrying the work forward. Trie monthly income
need not be large, but it ought to be certain.
WITH the election ' of Andrea Sbarboro,
president, and T. C. Friedlander, secretary,
and the appointment of the necessary com
mittees, the organization of the body which, in con
nection with the State Board of Trade, is to take
charge of the work of promoting the interests of
Northern California has been' completed. The next
step is to provide the revenues required for the suc
cess of the undertaking, and that should not be diffi
cult of accomplishment.
PROMOTION AND PROGRESS.
in American cities the nuisance is the more danger
ous by reason of the highly, inflammable .materials of
which the fences.are constructed and. ; the) liability of
the ordinary American building ;¦ to catch fire. Every
high wooden fence is a distinct menace to the com-;
munity, as well as being unsightly in itself and a place
upon whiclKto, display- posters 'that are more un
sightly-still. .San Francisco suffers from the nuisance
as "'much as iif- not more than the average ;Ameri
can city, and it is. therefore highly important to abate
it at ; once. There should be no grant of two years',
freedom to. commit what is recognized as anevil by
the very ordinance itself. There may be differences
of opinion asto the. best means of suppressing nui
sances,-hut there should be none as to the time "when
the suppression^ should take ; place.
The issue involved in the restriction of high. fences
is one of the most serious that now confronts Amer
ican municipalities. In well, nigh every city in the
Union an agitation for the suppression of the nui
sance has been going- on for some! time. V In many
cities fairly satisfactory ordinances • have been
adopted, and some of the worst evils, abated. Still
even in the communities that are best regulated in
this regard there remains much to be done. A' similar
condition prevails in some parts of Em ope, so that
the fight against high ' fences, 'dangerous • signs,
hideous bill-posting and other forms of this nuisance
is almost as wide as Civilization. ; The one country
that seems to have found a ; completely satisfactory
method ; of dealing with it is France, where a graded
tax is imposed upon all poster advertising. '.That
method, brings^ the whole subject under supervision
and. provides for. its proper regulation.'; . ;.
ONCE more the Supervisors are engaged m an
effort to provide a means of abating the high
fence nuisance. Two ordinances ' designed
for that purpose have been passed to print. One of
them, however, m-ight be more correctly termed an
ordinance to continue the nuisance, for under pre
tense of conserving the, interests of- bill posters it
postpones the operation of the provisions against the
nuisance for two -years/ By that sort of compromise
the men who profit by the eyil would get liberty to
continue it until some time in 1904, and then of
course they could, come in and make a fight, or a
plea 'for a further continuance.
HIGH-FENCE NUISANCE
The Philippine self-government measure recom
mended by Republican representatives has at least
one powerful recommendation.. In baiting the Fili
pinos to lay down their arms so that they may in
augurate jaw warfare in * : legislative assemblies the
proposed bill follows the'-line of least resistance in
human tendencies.
/Recent developments in the office of" the County'
Clerk^indicate that prize-fight managers might look
further and fare worse ' in seeking^ attractions' for
theirshows. The County Clerk and-his* chief deputy
are overlooking an opportunity.' •• '-^ •: ¦ •
after which they* will take apartments at
the St. Nicholas. until their home on Jack
son street is completed. .
Miss Marie Robblns and Mr. Christian
H. Hilbert were united -in marriage yes
terday afternoon at the residence of the
bride's sister Mrs. John G. Sutton, 1314
Washington street. Bishop Moreland of
Sacramento officiated. The wedding was
a very quiet affair, only the immediate
family and a few. friends of the bride be
ing present. 'After a wedding trip East
Mrr-and Mrs. Hilbert will reside in Ross
Valley.' The groom is -a member of the
firm -pf "'Ullbert Bros. In San Francisco.
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
R. D. Robbins of Suisun. Solano County.
Miss-Matie C. Hart and Mr. Charles J.
Bass wepe • married last ' evening at the
residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Hart, 9 Scott street. .The-wed
ding .was .very, quiet, only- the immediate
family being rpresent. Rev. Mr,: Lion of
St. Stephen's performed the ceremony. Af
ter two weeks' absence- in -the south".iMrl
and Mrs. Bass > will take . apartments at
the .Palace Hotel* for the remainder of the
season.' ' The groom* is' connected with the
Bass-Hueter Company of - this city. •
* Miss Mae E. Blennerhasset arid William
Tlernan were quietly married yesterday
afternoon at St. Mary's " Cathedral, . the
Rev_ Father Ramm officiating. The bride
waa- attended by Miss Madge Collum and
Judge A. J. Fritz acted as best man.
After a wedding trip southward Mr. and
Mrs. Tiernan will reside at Ashbury
Heights. -
The benefit for the Sailors' Club house,
in which Captain and Mrs. McCalla are
Interested, takes place this evening at Na
tive Sons' Hall. Many of the city's best
known society women are assisting In
making the affair a success and it will be
largely attended, in fact the boxes are
now about sold out. The tickets for the
main hall entertainment are $1 and re
served seats are $2. while' admission to
the international cafe and unique vaude
ville entertainment downstairs is 50 cents.
Miss Sallle.F. Lennon and Mr. Fred L
Ruddick were married last evening at
Mission; Dolores. Church In- the- presence
.ofimore than: 200^" guests.; Archbishon
Patrick W. Rlordan officiated. ¦; The bride
was attended by her ma-.c of honor, Miss
Ella > Lennon,; and two 'bridesmaids, Miss-
Ethel Hopkins and Marguerite O'Calla-r
han. :; The best man. was Daniel Murphy
After the , ceremony , there .were | festivities
at the home of the bride's parents, Mr.- and
Mrs.? James E. Lennon, 527 Church street.
Mr. J , and '¦ Mrs. Ruddick will enjoy, a wed
ding trip to Monterey and other points,
i. Miss? Salisbury is the pretty and attrac
tive •¦ daughters, of .-Mr. and Mrs. ¦' Monroe
Salisbury, who' are well known in society.
The groom-elect t is the son of. 'Mr. "and
Mrs. G/orge. Boardman. ) He is a member
of the real estate firm of Boardman &
Boardman.: /The . wedding . will probably
take place in .the fall.
Mrs. Alexander .D. Keyes gave a <tea
yesterday afternoon 7 at her. residence, 2619
Devlsadero street, at which Miss Mar
garet Salisbury's engagement to Danforth
iioardman- , was "announced.: The draw-
Ing ¦ rooms were prettily . - decorated,
and 'the guests were given, a delightful
afternoon. r The bride-to^-be was showerod
with good I wishes from loving friends,
many of whom have known and . admired
her'-ior several seasons.-' Mrs. Keyes wa.i
assisted . in receiving by Mrs. Chauncey
Boardman, Mrs. George C. Boardman,
Mrs. 'James Otis and Mrs.' Monroe Salis
bury. The charming members of the
young set - who served ;. the' guest3 were
Miss Ethel Cooper. , Miss Sophia Pierce,
M'bb Olive Holbrook, Miss J3ernle Drown,
Miss , Leontlne I BlakemanJ . Miss • Luclo
King, Miss Edith Simpson and. Miss Char
lotte Ellinwood. ; . - .'.:.-.
The bride Is tall and handsome and. a
clever musician. -She was born in Chlco,
where she is connected with -one of the
oldest and most respected families. Her
parents are well known In the -Mission,
where they have" resided for a' great many
years, "and have always been prominent in
choir and. church circles. Dr. "-King was
for a long time secretary of, the State
Dental Association. ¦
|g The groom is a prominent young lawyer
of Oakland, and is' with the well known
firm of Reed & ' Nusbaumer. He is a
popular member of the Elks. ¦ -,;¦ -V
The bridesmaids, Miss Marian Barring
ton . and Miss Florence McCoy, were
gowned '. alike in dainty pink organdies
made over pink taffeta and trimmed with
alternate rows of ribbon and tucks to
givo-the popular apron" effect; . « js'|
The gown worn by. the brides mother
was of gray wool-canvas over turquoise
blue silk. The. shirred yoke and under
sleeves were of gray mousseline de ¦ sole
and the bodice was trimmed with rainbow
tinted lace appliqued. r
Miss Nettie King was maid of honor,
and wore a dainty gown of pink accordion
pleated chiffon over , white satin. The
neck of the bodice .was^cut slightly low,
and the—half sleeves ended In a wide
pleating' of chiffon. Miss King wore- a
bridesmaid veil of pink tulle and-also car
ried Easter lilies. ; . :
/-""fT. JOHN'S Episcopal Church .was
the scene of a. beautiful wedding
• last.evening, the principals of which
were Miss. Flora King and Percy
Clay Black. The church was lavishly
decorated lilies- and foliage. The wed
ding march from "Lohengrin" was ren
dered by Fletcher Tilton... The . bridal
party. was headed by the ushers, George
Edgar Jackson, "William. Hume,, Dr. H. P.
Travers and Clarence. Crovvell;- then the
bridesmaids,- »Mis£ "Florence McCoy and
Miss Marlon Barrjngton, and the. maid of
honor.; Miss Annette. Klngi each. walking,
alone."' They were" followed by the flower
girl, little - Marial Hyde; then came the
bride : on the arm of. her father, Dr. W.
Z. King. The groom awaited them' at the
altar with his best man, Mr. George King,
and the minister. Rev. L. C. Sanford, rec
tor of St. John's Church. Nine hundred
invitations were- issued and nearly that
number cf people were present to witness
"the impressive ceremony. ' " ,
' Two hundred guests attended the recep
tion at the home of the bride's parents
at 521 Capp "street, where the usual fes
tivities were enjoyed. The drawing rooms'
were lavishly decorated with foliage. The
couple received congratulations beneath
a canopy of smilax and pink tulle. . •
The bride's gownr was an exquisite crea
tion" of white chantilly lace over cream
satin, cut a la princesse. The trailing
skirt was finished with many small ruf
fles cf white mouselihe de" sole, giving
a wide flounce effect. - The transparent
yoke was tucked and finished at one side
with 'a chou^of mousseline de sole with
iong ends caught up with orange blos
soms] , The long veil was also, held in
place with, orange blossoms, and the bri
dal bouque't was of Easter lilies.
THE BRIDE AT A BRILtlAJ^T
CHURCH WEDDING ANI> HEk
FOUR ATTENDANTS. >
/There is no extra charge for ref reslrmenta
and they will be served by society girls in
costume.- • ¦ . \ ; . ; ;*- -:-;.•<¦""• .¦¦
Mrs. "Elizabeth -Satrnderg. the > well-re
membered actress, will be 83 years of age
to-morrow and -will bo happy to> receive
her, friends at her residenceAslO' Capp
street, v ¦ : "" - • ... -\ •. ; , .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Ex. strens hoarhound candy. Townsend'a.*
Notice— Best eyeglasses, specs, 13c to 60c.
Look out 81 4th (front barber & grocer). •
Special Information supplied dally, to
business houses' and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. /Telephone Main. 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit. 60c a
l)ound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap. ba*«
kets. A nice present for Eastern rrlen.i*.
C39 Market sL, Palace Hotel building. •
In a recent lecture on "Russian Expansion" Profes
sor Grosvenor of Amherst said: "Nations, like in
dividuals, have instinct, and the instinct of a nation
never errs; as a plant turns to the sun, so does a
nation stretch out toward the sea." Then, reviewing
the progress made by Russia toward the sea, he said:
"No other country has been so conspicuously an
evolutionary country. She has waged many wars,
wars of conquest and wars ending in defeat, but
whatever the results of these collisions with the rest
of the world, she has gone on steadily expanding and
as steadily absorbing. She, has grown great not by
wars, but by quietly yielding in an emergency; and
later, when the crisis was passed, doing the thing
which a preceding generation found it impossible to
do. In i860 she obtained full claim to the' western
bank of the Amur without firing a shot."
When due consideration is given to the course of
Russian history and the practice of Russian states
men, in contrast to the merely verbal opposition of
the advocates of the open door, it will appear that in
agreeing that China may have a free hand in Man
churia "after evacuation," the Russian Minister has
given .the Chinese Foreign Office a very large and
very slightly gilded gold brick.
Russian diplomacy is not likely to be disturbed by
a mere academic opposition to her advance in China.
Moreover, her statesmen are not likely to commit
the blunder of committing an act which would pro
voke war. They know how to wait. The past ex
perience of their onward march across Asia has
shown them that by exercising patience and trusting
to time opportunities will come to them to attain
quite peaceably many advantages that were once de
nied them under a threat of war. It is that fact that
gives so much significance to the Czar's desire for
peace. His empire is growing more rapidly than that
oT any other European sovereign. Peaceful aggran
dizement is more advantageous to him than any pos
sible war could be. All that Russia netds is peace
and time. Given these and it is an easy prediction
that in the course of another generation the mighty
empire, secure within its vast territory, can defy the
world about as safely as the United States herself.
Germany will not antagonize Russia. Austria and
Italy, the other parties to the Dreibund, will doubt
less follow German lead. France is the ally of Rus
sia. Great Britain and Japan, while allied in defense
of their mutual interests in China, are not likely to
interfere so far as to attempt to force Russia put of
the positions she already occupies. The United
States will be equally conservative. Such being the
situation, how long will it be before the Russian
evacuation takes place?
It was announced from Washington not long ago
.that just before the visit of Prince Henry to this
country the State Department sounded Germany as
to how far she would go in maintaining the "open
doof" in China. The inquiry was not made as a mere
.formal interchange of views, but was intended to
¦elicit a clear presentation of what might be expected
of Germany in case ~ny nation should assert exclu
sive possession or control over any "part of Chinese
territory. It is reported to have resulted "in obtain
ing from the very head of the German empire the im
pression that Germany, while willing to take an iden
tical attitude with the other powers for the open
door, would not in final instance oppose anything
that- -Russia really desires. This is the first principle
of Germany's exterior policy, and it applies fully to
the East Asian question."
A DISPATCH from Peking announces that the
Manchurian convention recently agreed upon
by the Russian Minister to Qiina and the Chi
nese Foreign Office piovides that China may miin
tain whatever force she deems necessary in' Man
churia "after the Russian evacuation of that prov
ince." As the dispatch is dated April i, this would
.be regarded as something of an April fool joke were
it not that diplomacy is always serious. It is now
for the nations to guess at the time when Russia
will evacuate and China be permitted to resume con
trol of the disputed territory.
THE MANCHURIAN PROBLEM.
VT]" jeL» _^ w fill -^5V_* //liT h( H
THURSDAY .......APRIL 3, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. /Proprietor.
kitntt All CemmcEkitioiu to W. 8. LEAKE, Kiciger. .
M AXACKIfS OFFICE. ...... .Telephone PresN 204
PUBLICATION' OFFICE:... Market and Third, S. F.
.. 'Telephone Press 201. .. ~! '¦'•-'.'
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered l»y Carriers, IS CentR Per Week. \
Slnsrle Copies. S Cents.
Terms by Mnil, Inolndintr Postages
DAILY CALT< (Including Sunday), one year Sft.OO
OAILT CALL {Including Sunday), 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month '. 65c
EUNDAY CALL. One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample ccples ¦will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kccager Foreign Airertislng, Xarqnette Bnildin;, CLie*j».
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAULTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Trlbnne Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: v
Ehonr.au House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., If. W.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Morray Hill Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «K
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
8:30 o" clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. m.
The people are sober-minded. iThey bear much
before, acting,, but when the end of endurance is
reached -they act. It is not wise, nor well to test their
forbearance too far, and therefore it is necessary; to
raise the warning -that General. Fimstoj}, is. capering
close-to the limit*'- ; * - y/ -i %i&?t&z> t ?. ' 41 \ T
;But' all- this is /disagreeable to the militant Fun
ston. He has an opinion, and all Americans, no mat
ter of what 'eminence, who do not .agree with him
should be hanged. What./- could/ better illustrate
Taft's regret that we had anything at all to do with
the Philippines? If, in. addition to the delicate and
difficult issue's in the islands, which in their solution
call for all patience and : all wisdom, and,' above all,
for.a united sentiment at home, we encourage officers
of the army like Funston to insult the very class of
our citizens whose assistance is most desirable, ( we
have not only the vexations that are upon the islands,
but have taken into our : body politic at home. an
issue of the most serious nature. do not need
to indorse nor repudiate the petition itself. "That is
not in issue. The question raised by Funston is the
right of Americans to petition their Government
without the consent of the army. •
1 That is the. reasonable ...larigluage. of a patriotic
American, who. soberly/, contemplates a grave duty. 1
It is a declaration that, brings us 1 - all. together, united
in the/purpose to do the/best we- can. It is common
ground/for all: .Upon = it; may /meet those who have'
military ; plans -.. and those who- have civil; plans, and
tjio^e who think that . peace ¦•will be advanced by
treating the; Filipinos as -we have often treated our
red Indians- and'asking "their leaders to come here;
and confer. ;." t , .....' * • '
'". The country agrees with the reasonable view of the
Philippine affair given , under 'oath | to the Senate
committee by Governor Taft, -President McKinley's
head of thi Philippine Commission.-. Governor Taft
said: /'.'It would have been better- for the United
States: to Juive'had, nothing to do with the Philip
opines.' -But, being /there, we must -do the best we
can.":-".. <•* ''¦./.;.¦•¦. * -'V-' :-
Why this- explanation if it were' right to wear the
enemy's uniform, at all ? ¦ If. it were ..wrong, the use
6i only .four uniforms did not make it- right.
GENERAL FUNSTONj" flings defiance at the-
Eastern' press. In' fact,., jnc flings- several
kinds of defiance thereat..; One sort is by way;
of . denial -that by, using forgery and the;enemy's uni
form to entrap Aguinaldo he violated the articles of
war. ?We are perfectly aware that a civilian must
tread softly 'about the . articles of war, and the East
ern press of all parties! which has criticized Funston
omitted to do if stocking-footed. But, recurring to
his remarks, the General says that everything is fair
in war except the use' of .poison and the misuse of
the -flag ,of truce, and he adds "that, anyway, "only
four.;of ¦my. -men wore^ the enemy's uniform, and the
rest : were dressed as Filipino peasants." - '
PRESS
. The local female fiend who connived at the ' at
tempted murder and/ robbery of her. father may es
cape punishment. Some means should be found to
involve, her in an infamous category bl ! her ; own and
to i make her pay a penalty even for horrifying the
city.' , .;v ; ''*\.V/ ¦ ';•
•It is against that machine and the schemes that the
machine supports" that the. press <jf both parties is
now protesting. While the issue concerns the whole
people of the State, it is especially ;a matter of con
cern to the Republican ' party, 'since the plan of the
allied bosses is to use the Republican convention to
renominate their candidate.* The rank and file of the
party are called upon to combat and defeat that in
famy. Gage cannot be re-elected, and the Republican
party should not be exposed to the disaster his xe
nomination will render inevitable.. *
Never before has the spoils system of. politics been
carried so far in California. Gage has hardly left a
single State institution or department of the admin
istration free from the control of the railroad hench
men. Even the Normal Schools and the charitable
institutions of the commonwealth have been made
subject to the greed of corrupt politicians. # By these
unscrupulous tactics Gage has enabled Herrin to
build up a formidable machine in both parties, and
men pretending to be Republicans are working in
combination with men pretending to be Democrats
to bring about the re-election of the man who has
made the Governorship of California an office for the
distribution of patronage to the .railroad bosses and
thus enable Billy Herrin to pay his hirelings out of
the State treasury instead of out of the railroad treas
ury. • . ¦¦''.,
No man ever entered upon the office of Governor
of California with better opportunities for: rendering
high service to the State than. Gage, and no other
man in that office ever so abused his opportunities
or mocked at the expectations of the people. The
settlement of the claims of the Government against
the railroad closed the long controversy, over 'the
railroad debt and left the road no further reason for
active participation in California politics. There was
then a chance for the ; elimination of railroad inr
fluences from political affairs. Had the .Governor
been fair and honest in his pledges to the people
he could have put the railroad and its Democratic
boss out of politics altogether, for there was not a
single issue before the Legislaturesthat gave the rail
road any excuse whatever for sending a lobby to
Sacramento, or in any way interfering with legislat
tion. Gage, however, made an opening for the' rail
road. He joined with it in striving to force the'elec
tion of Burns to the Senate, and since that time4iad
done his best to build up the railroad political ma
chine by giving Billy Herrin virtual control of all
State patronage. .. . '.'.-.
It is gratifying to note that against this shameless
campaign for plunder nearly the whole press of the
State has risen in protest.' Notwithstanding the fact
that Billy Herrin is a Democrat, the majority of the
Democratic press of the State refuses to accept. his
man Gage as an aspirant for the Governorship, arid
notwithstanding Gage pretends to be a Republican,
the strength of the Republican press repudiates his
pretensions and denounces him as a political tool of
the bosses of both parties, but the representative of '
neither. -.
WI^EN Governor Gage was a candidate.be
fore the people he was loud in declaring he
had no alliance with the railroads nor with
the bosses who do politics for the spoils. The people
believed him and he was elected. ¦ Scarcely had hel
taken his seat than he showed himself an ally of
Herrin in an effort to bully the Republicans of/ the
Legislature into the election of Dan Burns to ..the
United States Senate. Since that time he has never
tried to conceal the falseness of the pretensions and
pledges upon which he made his first campaign, and
now he is a candidate for re-election as the open and
avowed tool of the bosses, the advocate of the spoils
system, ready to ally himself with Democrats of the
stripe of Billy Herrin, or Republicans of the type of
Martin Kelly, so long as he may share with them the
spoils of corruption.
GAGE AND THE BOSSES.
prising men- to -wheel it into > line with ., the , rest.
Southern California has shown ¦ how miracles of suc
cess cah be* attained by gerseverance and harmony of
effort, .arid now f Northern ' California, in putting into
practice; the lesson thus taught, should aim to sur
pass the teacher by achieving still greater results: -¦
¦•:¦¦¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ ¦- ¦>.'"¦•-,'¦-'.¦!>¦-¦¦: .-¦:¦:;:¦ ¦¦¦¦-*im&m
THE SAN /FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1902.
6
AJttUSEHENTS.
Fischer's Theater— 'Xlttle Christopher."
California— Al. a Field Greater Minstrels.
Tivoll— "The Serenade."
Central — "The Sleeping City."
Alcazar — "Brother John.**
Columbia — "The Christian."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Empress Theodora."
Eherman-Clay Hall — Concert.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
Forty Pupils Selected From the Grammar Schools Enter a
Memory Test for a Prize. Parents and Pupils
Will Be Interested in This- First
Installment Next Sunday. \
Consignor Antonmi, Stall Secretary to Pope Leo XIIL 1
The Life Story of Cecil Rhodes. j
.•What to Do and What Not to Do at a Wedding/by
Mrs. Eleanor Martin.
V A Night on a Patrol Wagon, by Allrcd DezsndortV
The Hermit j ol Land's End lives in San Francisco. !
Read the Romance of His Life.
The Mothcrin the Home— APlainTalK by Rev. F.K. BaKcr.
Supplying San Francisco With Fish. !
Home Magic— Funny Tricks You Can Do by Following !
¦&¦'&]] I he Directions. \
The Sunday Call Prints/More Western Stories Than All |
Oihzr San Francisco Sunday Papers Combined. •New; Diamond -Trophy Is Incentive Which
Moves Them ; to Give Demonstration of
Their - Proficiency ¦ in -Military .Tactics
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS
PREPARING FOR ANNUAL DRILL
COMMANDER OF LEAGUE OF THE g
CROSS CADETS WHO WILL DI
RECT COMPETITIVE DRILL."
will last three times as long if the edge la
bound with an S. H. & M/ skirt binding.
Look on the back for the trademark S.
H. & M. •:"-? ,-¦
Your New Short Skirt
Diphtheria. 2; scarlet fever. 1: typhoid fever.
3; tuberculosis, 96: cancer, 40; old are, 15;
alcoholism, 9; cerebral apoplexy, 20; diseases
of the heart, 60; pneumonia. 79; violent deaths,
¦37; suicides, 15; homicide, Xi
1 Nativities — Pacific Coast, 211; other States,
118; f ore! en, 305; unknown. 6.
Statistician Edward Coffey filed his
monthly report yesterday with the Board
of Health, showing that the total number
of deaths during March were 640J The
total births registered were 458. These
figures show a large increase over those
for March. 1901, when there were 595
deaths and "49 births. Of those who died
372 were males and 268 females; 240 males
and 218 females were born. The principal
causes of death were:
Report on Vital Statistics With
Health Board.
Statistician Cofley Files His March
XASGE INCREASE IN
BIRTHS AND DEATHS
PLYMOUTH. Ind.. April £— The Democrat*
of the Thirteenth District nominated for Con
gress Frank E. Herring: of Notre Dame Uni
versity, South Bend.
The Philhistorlan Debating Society of
St. Ignatius College held its annual da
bate and entertainment last night at tho
college hall. "Resolved, that the fifteenth,
amendment to the United States consti
tution should be repealed," was the sub
ject of debate. The question was ably
handled by both sides. The decision as
to the winner was left to the audience.
The following programme was rendered:
Selection. "Florodora," college orchestra: re
marks by the chairman, James B. Feehan:
reading, Frederick J. Churchill. Debate — First
affirmative, William A. Breen; first negaifve.
Joseph Fairy; (march. "Alda." college orches
tra); second affirmative, Joseph W. Beret ta;
second negative, William A. Kelly; waltz.
"LTEsprlt d' Amour," college orchestra; essay,
Edward J. O'Day; march, "Anniversary," col
lege orchestra.
Brilliant Young Orators of St. Inga
tius College Give Animal Enter
tainment to Friends.
PHTLHISTORIAIT SOCIETY
DEBATES ON* SUTFBAGB
THE SA1ST FRi^TCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1902.
Concert and , Picture Show
ToL-night at the . Mark Hopkins ' Institute
of Art, from 7:30 ,: till 1 10. -Fine ¦- musical
programme. - r . Spring : . ;, Open
daily. Including Sundays.- Admission 25c*
¦ .The Contracting ; Freight Agents' • Asso
ciation of San Francisco will hold I Its ' an
nual banquet next-Saturday evening.- The
association is , composed of ; the general
commercial, ¦ contracting and; traveling
agents of the several. transcontinental and
trunk lines having, offices in this city. ""
Annual • Banquet of Freight Agents.
'- ¦ InvocationosRev. B. H. ' Avej-y," D.D. ; : address
j of welcome, Mrs. E. ¦ G. Denniston; responses,.
' Mrs Hugh A. Moran, Palo Alto; greetings from
I other boards; sinsingr by Chinese children; re
ports by recormng : secretary,' Mrs. E. • Q.\ Fris-\
bie • : general corf esponding secretary. ' Mrs.", li. 1
A. Kelley;; State secretary, Mrs,' L.M.tCondlt; 1
Young People' s ' secretary, ; Mrs. '• George:S.;.Gra
ham: foreign corresponding' secretary,' Mrs. D.
W. ¦ Horsburgh; • special object « secretary. - Mrs/.
H."-C* Morris; -Young People's Soclety,,of Chris
tian : Endeavor, .* Miss ' Jennie • Partridge ; ; secre
tary of ' literature, Mrs. H. '\ B.'v Pinney; : treas
• ufer/. Mrs.' E. G. ¦ Denniston; assistant treasurer/
Mrs. H. I* King. . ®^^^S '
The twenty-ninth annual meeting of the
Woman's Occidental Board of Foreign
Missions opened yesterday afternoon at
the Presbyterian Mission House,' 920 Sac
ramento street, Mrs. C. S. Wright in the
chair. There was a large attendance J of
delegates from the various societies af
filiated with the board, nearly every sec
tion of the State being represented.. '!y
The various officers of the board made
reports of their work from March 25,:19O1. 1
Mrs. E, G. Denniston, treasurer, -sub
mitted a'lengthy report covering the re
ceipts and j expenditures during the past
year ' The "report showed that the .mission
work In this State is progressing very fa
vorably. During • the year the sum ( of
$14 976 84 - was received from various
sources and all but $85 62 of that amount
was expended in missionary work. "
Mrs H. L.- King, assistant treasurer of
the board; read a report showing that the
finances . over .which-, she • has^ control,
which are derived in a measure from the
general body in New York, were in ;a
flourishing 1 condition. ¦ ¦ , ' '... rz..^ *
At ' the conclusion of her report - Mrs-.
Dennieton. called attention to the 'fact
that several of the out of town societies
were rather ' dilatory in remitting .; their
finances.. She stated- that just : after j3he
had complied her. annual : report, • which
she first , has ¦ to submit to ;. the general
treasurer in-New York,- she received j sev
eral , small sums , of ; f rom' interior
S -Mrs H ' C.~ Morris made a, brief address
in which" she stated thafthe call for help
this vear is more urgent than it has ever
been before, v Mrs. H.: B. .Pinney, secre
tary of literature, reported her depart
ment in' a flourishing condition. Mrs. L.
M Condit, State secretary? of the board,
submitted an interesting" report, in which,
among other things, she called- attention
to an increase in membership of 500 during
the last year.'- She stated that the socie
ties in . Los • Angeles- showed : the largest
eain and ' that ¦ San Francisco * had gained
an entirely new. auxiliary.' All of .the old
societies showed a gain of many members
during, the year- *'. - :_ ' -.:¦: j v
The i meeting. will be continued to-day.
The concluding session will be held Friday
af ternoonA •- - : ---'- '¦'*.-•'¦¦' : - -'"'•"-- " : ~ \-. '','•'
-*¦¦ The - programme yesterday was as fol
lows:.. ¦-¦*"' ¦' . -¦•¦•'¦' ¦""'¦¦¦^¦i ' v " : '-':_
Woman's Board of\ For
eign Missions Holds
Annual Session.
command of Captain Joseph Kennedy,
will give a fancy drill, which Is said to ex
cel anything of the kind ever shown in
this city.
A most Interesting feature will be the
building of a military bridge by Company
M, under command of Captain J. A. Rid
dell. The bridge is supposed to span a
river, the position of which will be indi
cated, and is to be built from both banks
at the same time. The company Is enthu
siastic in its drilling and the members
expect to equal the record time for this
work. -During the building of the bridge
a skirmish attack , and charge will be
made by Company \D, commanded by
Captain Frank McCarthy. ; The - brjdge
will be defended by Company H, Captain
Thomas Eccles, and a thrilling sham bat
tle will result in the repulse of the at
tacking force. The entire regiment will
then march across the bridge, after which
it will be removed by its builders. Major
John P. Duffy is directing this part of the
programme, and is untiring in his efforts
to make it a feature of the evening.
Another interesting, part of the enter
tainment will be the representation of a
"Night in Camp' by a picked squad from
all the companies. The proceedings will
be enlivened by singing, music, joking,
guard running and other Incidents copied
from actual experience of life in the tent
ed field. , \
The regiment will then be reviewed by
a. prominent United States army officer,
and his Grace Archbishop Riordan will
present the trophy to the winning com
pany. ...
The regiment during its maneuvers will
be commanded by Colonel Daniel C.
Deasy. • The following committee f has
charge of the arrangements: Lieutenant
Colonel I. D. ; Dwyer, chairman; Captain
Frank McCarthy, secretary; Walter E.
Dorn, treasurer; Rev. Philip O'Ryan
Colonel Daniel C. Deasy, Major John P
Duffy, Captain Frank Grimley, Lieuten
ant Frank Colligan and James Coffey. '
Consider Site for Encampment.
The board of officers of the League of
the Cross Cadets last night considered
propositions from the citizens of :San Ra
fael, Santa Cruz and Stockton regarding
the annual encampment of the regiment.
Each place presented many Inducements,
and the matter was referred to a commit
tee. The^date for -the encampment has
not yet been decided upon, but it 1 will
probably be held during the month of
June. .
REVIEWS WORK
OF PAST YEAR
. .-. . . : •
-~>^r N Friday night th» various- com- |
ft \l panies of the League of the'Cross
Vl It w111 have a competitive .try out
drill in order, to determine which
. * three of them will take part in
the, annual competitive drill of the regi
ment, to be held Friday, April 18, in the
Mechanics' - Pavilion. Prominent United
States army officers will Judge the merits
of the competing companies.
. The board of officers, has presented to
the regiment a splendid new diamond tro
phy, which has been named the "Colonel
Edward J. Power trophy" in honor of the
late colonel of the regiment. The com
petition among the companies for its pos
session is very keen, and every company
Is expected to enter the tryout.
* Several new and interesting features
have been added to the programme this
¦year. Company N of Oakland, under
The second Heinrlch. recital will- :] be
given this evening at Sherman ;& Clay
Hall, when an excellent programme' will
be given. Max Heinrich.in his particular
line. Is inimitable. He sings delightfully
with his whole heart and soul, and has
his audience completely under sway from
his first mellow note and holds' them* to
his last. * Miss Heinrich :' has the sweet
contralto • voice that her earlier
promised and sings with. much' taste and
ease. The Heinrichs should by all means
be heard by the lovers of song. ; - .
The Orpheum's good bill is ; attracting
the usual crowds. Mr. and Mrs. Sidney
Drew, in a clever farce, "A Model Young
Man," and Homer Lind and his company,
in the delightful, sketch, -: "Gringoire "
head the interest. Papinta also pleases;
Stuber, the banjoist, 1 does a wonderful
stunt; Frank Lincoln's character sketches
amuse, and the Melani trio are among the
favorites. •
The sale of seats' for "Fiddle Dee Dee,"
the new burlesque at Fischer's Theater,
in which the new members of the com
pany, who have just arrived from .the
East, will first make their, appearance,
begins this evening. "Fiddle - Dee ; Dee"
is the first of a series of Weber and Field
burlesques that are to be given, and is
said to be of the funniest.""*" Maude .Am
bes, C. W. Kolb, Max M. DIM and Barney
Bernard are the new burlesquers and are
all Weber and Field favorites.
\ The Central audience 13 enjoying . "The
Sleeping City" this week. Next comes
"In the Land of the Living," a favorite
melodrama by Frank Harvey, with the
usual full measure/of startling situations
and exciting climaxes. - ,
The dainty Japanese playlet, "Madame
Butterfly," that created a sensation on
its first appearance here last year, will be
produced on Monday night next at the
Alcazar, with Juliet Crosby in her origi
nal role of Madame Butterfly and almost
the same cast as on its first giving. "The
Great Unknown" will take up the re
mainder of the evening. "Brother John"
goes well this week. .
The excellent productions that are
being given at the Grand Opera-house
are attracting the large houses they de
serve, and this week's bill, "The Empress
Theodora," is no exception. Melbourne
MacDowell is very well suited in his role
of Andreas, that he plays with force and
intelligence, and is cleverly supported by
Miss Florence Stone in the " name role.
Herschel Mayall also does good work as
Marcellus, and Gardner Crane and Mar
garet Terry lend strength to the cast.
The staging is very handsome, and the
lions, Nero and Juno, add considerably
to the picturesqueness of the production..
"Gismonda" is announced for next week
i - ¦ • . » • .
"The Serenade" will be heard for the
lajt time on Sunday evening next; when
it iwill end a triumphant run ci ¦ five
weeks, having been one of the distinct
successes that the Tivoli has put on. An
other Alice Nlelson triumph, "The For
tune Teller,',' will follow.
On Sunday night comes that hilarious
combination of colored loveliness, "Wil
liams and Walker,- probably the funniest
colored team on the boards. Mr. Williams
is the author of "Goo-goo Eyes," "You
Ain't So Warm" and many other ragtime
classics, and with his partner, Walker,
and a big company will probably break
records at the California. Their enter
tainment is called "The Sons of Ham "
and is full of catchy music and songs.
It Is Elks' night v at the California
Theater this evening. The local lodge
will pay tribute to Al G. ' Field, grand
esteemed leading Knight of the Order of
Elks. The minstrels are furnishing good
fun this week. .
"The Christian" is in its last days at
the Columbia Theater, its flrtal perform
ance to be given on Sunday evening next.
On Monday evening comes E. S. Willard,
the famous English actor, who makes
his reappearance here, after several
years, in a new play by Louis N. Parker,
entitled "The Cardinal." Mr. Willard's
visit will be for three' weeks, during
which time he will present "The Profes
sor's Love Story," "Tom Pinch" ..s and
"David Garrick." ./The actor will be well
supported, his leading lady being the tal
ented Ellen O'Malley. Seats range down
from J2 for this engagement.
• • • •*•¦-,¦:
English Adtor -Opens at
Columbia on Mon
day Next.
WILLARD COMING
HERE ONCE MORE
Residents, Through Mayor Schmitz,
Prevail on. Board of Education
to Take Action.
A delegation of sixty residents of the
Sunnyside -district waited on Mayor
Schmitz yesterday for the purpose of so
liciting his aid in inducing the Board' of
Education to purchase a school site on
Flood avenue, between Edna and Forest
streets. The delegation, through its
spokesman, Gustav Schnee, represented
that the lot was the most centrally locat
ed of several that had been offered for
the purpose. It could be purchased for
$5200. while another lot in a less favored
locality would cost much more.
The members of the Board of Education
were present, and after hearing the dele
gation en the subject agreed to select the
site recommended, on which a school
house will be built if an appropriation
therefor can be secured in the next
budget. The purchase of the lot was left
to Director Woodward. "Woodward him
self favored a lot in the Fairmount dis
trict.
Yotmg Greorge Sclmoor's Demise Will
Be Investigated by Coroner
Leland.
Coroner Leland will hold an Inquest
over the body of young George Schnoor,
who died at the City and County Hospi
tal yesterday. Deceased was a teamster
by occupation. During the recent strike
he was doing "picket" duty at the corner
of Folsoin and Fourth streets and "was
struck on the head by an unknown po
liceman. The blow had a fatal effect-
Schnoor suffered loss of memory and vio
lent headaches. Up to three weeks ago
lie was nursed by his parents at 914 Har
rison street. He then became Violent and
was sent to "the City and County Hospi
tal for observation. Schnoor's * condition
gradually grew worse until death ended
his sufferings.
Chief Wiitman has taken the matter In
Jiand. but it is doubtful whether he will
be able to find the officer who wielded the
club, as many heads were tapped during
the strike.
BLOW FROM POLICEMAN'S
CLUB CAUSES HIS DEATH
BECOMMEITD SCHOOL SITE
IN STTNNYSIDE DISTRICT
7
V U LU Iwi S3 i M .tmociB theath
Powell Street, near Market.
LAST 4 NiaHTS— MATINEE SATURDAT.
LIEBLKR & CO.'S IMMENSE PRODUCTION
Hall Calne's Great Play.
THE CHRISTIAN.
EDW/MFfcD fflORCAN
As John Storm (his original role).
Seats for The Christian. $1 50. $1. 75c. SOc, 25o.
Last Time Next Sunday Night.
RXTRA ! ReappearoQce in
*-'W 1 rK.J^X I Sao Francisco
IB, E, S. WILLAHD
- MONDAY, April 7. *
In a New Play Entitled
THE CARDINAL,
By LOUIS N. PARKER.- -
Seats fcr Willard encasement. $2, $1 B0. $1,
75c, SOc, 25c.
NOW READY.
t^dlA. tS/ 4^B H fj 0^"A ~V Al^| A |^^^^C09U
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAT, •
AL. G. FIELD
GREATER MINSTRELS
60— PEOPLE ON THE STAGE— CO.
Next— SUNDAY NIGHT— Two Weeks.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAT
Williams & Walker
And Their Gilt-Edged Company.
Seats Now on Sale for Sunday Nlght v and FInt
Week.
Following Comes the Favorites. Mr. JAMZ3
NEILL AND THE NEILL COMPANY. .
PACKED LAST NIGHT AS USUAU 1
Wonderful Success of Our $1000 Star. |
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In - Sardou's Grandest Spectacular Play.
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
Introducing Ferocious Lions In the Hlppodrom*
Scene.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES lGc. 15c. 23c. SOc. 73o
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
NEXT WEEK , "GISMONDA"
JFISCHER'S THEATER
O'Farrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231.
TO-DAY ; IS THE- DAY I
Sale of Seats Commences for ' •¦
"FIDDLE DEE DEEJf
Ths Great Weber & Field Borlesqae.
No Advance- in Prices.
Our New Company Will Prove a Veritable Sen-
sation.
They Are All Famou3 Without Exception.
"LITTLE CHRISTOPHER"
Will Conttmie Until the End of the Week.
, Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Reserved Seats, Night, 25 and 50 cents: 25
cents wherever you like at Matinees: 10 cents
only for children at Matinees.
MAX HBINRICH, #
JULIA HEINRICH,
i Tonight = = = Song Recital
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
FAREWELL SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
j Brilliant programme', including 12 Richard
I Strauss' novelties.' Seats 33c, fl, $1 50, at
| Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. ¦ •
K BAJA CALIFORNIA -
I Damiana Bitters
4S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. ' .
The ir.ojt wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for (he Sexual Organs, for both sexea.
- The Mexican Remedy for Diseases ol the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sell3 on lta own merits.
NABTCR. ALFS & BRCNE, Agents.
I 323 Market st.. S. F.— <Send tor ClrcularaJk
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALWAYS OPEN.
The> famous health \ and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Fines! waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDXEY. MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. . Every - comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving- Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "Email hotel". $10 per week
Two persons In room, "small h;rtel".$18 per week
One person In room, "cottages". ..$11 per week
Two persons In room, "cottages".. $20 per week
One person in room, "MAIN HOTEL"
$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL"
$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
Call on Hotel Gazette Office, 26 Montgomery
st. ; call on The Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery
Et.. or The Bulletin Bureau. 10 Montgomery St.,
San Francisco, Cal., or write direct to CRAIG
& WARNER. Msrs.. Highland Springs, Cal.
r\ rs (i o/in HOT springs, sonoma
SKUHHS COUNTY; only 4% hours
I UA/jUWw from San Francisco and
. . but 0 miles' staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural hot mineral water bath In State; boating
' and swimming in Warm Springs Creek; good
j trout streams: telephone, telegraph, daily mall.
¦ express and San Francisco morning and even*
I ins papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
j STAGEj-fiERVICE; both morning and afternoon
I stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or
3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References,' any g^iest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office, 121 Phelan bldg. Also at" Traveler of-'
flee. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal. , ¦ . '
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian ' Grove" ;
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Addre&s
C. F. CARR, Manager, Russian River station,
via Duncans Mills. Cal. . ¦;
FOREST HOTEL,
ALMA.
i Santa Cruz Mountains. , Good trout fishing,
j Rebuilt end reopened. B..BOHME. Prop.
! VICHY SPBINGS-3 miles from Ukiah.
! V. Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters,
I champagne baths. Only place In the world of
1 this class of waters having continuous flow of
I natural warm water direct from , springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds. "fishing, hunting. Crys-
i tal Springs. - Accommodations; table first class,
j J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props. - : ;
KING'S RANCH — Six miles from . Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among: the - redwoods.
Hunting, fiehirs.- Terms. $10 a~ week; < family
rates. Address \VM. KING. Cazadero.
GRAND CENTRAL . HOTEL. Guerneville,.
Cal. — New manacement: thoroughly • re-
| fitted arid improved. ' Headquarters ¦ for hunters
j and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Guernevllle. , Cat.-,
LOS GATOS— Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.'
First-class rigs. Reasonable prices. -:
SANTA QUU55— San Lcrenzo Stables. ¦.¦Styl-
ish rlss.Y Reasonable prices.
Bartlett Springs!
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
to health and make your vacation use-
ful as well a* pleasant. After a short or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how It was possible to feel so well,
etrong and vigorous.
Ri2%. drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance,
exr'm bathe walk over mountain path*.
amuse yourselves In hundreds of happy
•w-aye. Ttme never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Send for booklet-
Call or Address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office, Bartlett Springs,
2 Butter St.. S. F. Lake Co., Cal.
o — — Q
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3%\ Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments "impossible elsewhere: nlnUi sea-
m n; three months on CataJina Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fishine and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats* and Aquarium; Boating.
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of -Yachts
and Launches; Ideal CamiJ Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages: Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis. Bowl-
ine. Music. Dancincr. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY. 222 South Spring street, Los An-
peles or E. C. PECK. Tourist Information
Bureau. 10 Montgomery street, San Fran-
cisco. Cal. -
CAMP CURRY!
2"Xi sueets in • J|33
410 guests tn '• "**'
715 guests In JjjjJ. 1 ,
1C00 estimated fcr l-*"-
Opens about May 1st.
Office at 10 Montgomery St., with Peck's
Free Information Bureau.
YOSEMIT'E.
• EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel in Rus-
usa IUvcr Valley. Excellent huntlne, fishing
and Vis'.ir.c: fine Bcenery: pure spring water;
newly renovated ' new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. ProDrietcr. Duncans Mills, Cal.
CONCRESS SPRIKCS.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mts.;
2 hours from San Francisco; delishtful cli-
RULte; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
paased: beemnineral -water on the coast; open
all the year. A. 6. OL.NEY. Manager.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Health report: Sonoma County; open year
r^und; Tiburon ferry, 7:30 a. m., 3:3(1 p. in.
Fare, ?2 40. SO" Sutter at. Telephone Sutter
2371. A. V. MORSE. Mani^er City Office.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
£OS GATOS.
- Under vex? tnr.Tia~ement. Now open for
tecinesc. Rates, fS to JU» i>er week.
Palace
arid
Grand
hotels
* Desirable ¦ location,
unsurpassed . cuisine,
u n'e q u ale d ser-
vice , and \ modern
conveniences are ' the
attributes' ; that ; have
made these .two ho-
tels ~i' . popular . with
tourists and "4 travel-
ers .who visit San
Francisco.
AMUSUiEUTTS. '
rJOVELTlES"GALORE!
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney "Drew; Homer
Lind and, Company; Fred Stuber;
Papinta; Gorman and Keppler, Rid
theBiograph. Last times of Frank
Lincoln; Simon, Gardner and Com-
pany, and the Milani Trio.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, SOc.
HKXT WEEK-ENGAGEMENT EXTBAORDIHARY!
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And Cow in "THE LADY AND THE Cl^OCK."
mr. widmrsTsIdneydhew,
Presenting "THE YELLOW DRAGON."
, EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
GET IN FOR THE WIND-UP I
THIS WEEK THE LAST OP
— — THE- -
Serenade!
MONDAY. APRIL 7.
Ths Great Alice Nellsen Ooera.
"The Fortune Teller^
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. SOc and 75c.
' ' Telephone Bush 9.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
- MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate .. Production — the Great' Comedy-
Drama, the
SLEEPING
-A^Ynr^TiT Beautiful Scenery,
I I I V Startling Effects,
1 j| I I _ Plenty of
. ¦^ : -~ '. T Wholesome. Comedy.
DDIPCC -Evenings 10c to 60c
rKlLtO Matineea 10c, 13c, 23c
., Next Week— "The Land of the Living."
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
WNIGBT AND ALL WEEK,
Martha Morton's Successful Comedy,
"BROTHER JOHN"
">,'a Charming Play New to This City.
Surpassing Alca2ar Stock Cast.
MATINEE : SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .
PRICES— 15c. 25c. Soc. SOc and 75c.
Seats on ; sale . six days In advance.' ~
Next — Extraordinary Double Bill, "MME.
BUTTERFLY," and "THE GREAT UN-
KXOWN." \ _,
iil^b RAGING
?•<"*' *^ !^* Every Week Day—
Her- Rain or Shine. '
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
: OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races startat 2:15;p. roC sharp,
yerry-boat leaves San Francisco at x2 m. and ¦
12:30, J, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with . trains - stopping at the entrance to tha
track. . Last two cars on x train reserved ¦ i Jr
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your"
I terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains Vi a
Oakland mole connect with San - Pablo avenue
I electric* cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak
! land. " Also all traln3 via . Alameda mole con
' nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
1 and Broadway, Oakland.' These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen , minutes. -
I -- Returning — Trains leav# the • track - at 4 :ij
I and 4:4ft p. ta. and Immediately after the last
\*° THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
1 CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Msr. .
There are many men who wear their
hats Practically, all, the. time when awake
and are ' blessed with a heavy shock of
hair; yet if the scalps of these same men
once , became infested : with dandruff
germa/ the ' parasites would multiply all
the quicker," for lack of air.. Baldness
would ensue as the final result Newbro's
Herplcide kills these-germs and stimulates
unhealthy_.hair " to abundant : > growth.
Herplcide "Is - a pleasant hair dressing as
well as 1 a dandruff cure and contains not
an. atom "of -injurious substances.
Propagates Dandruff Germs.
The Constant Wearing of a Hat
XEEP, YOUR HEAD UNCOVERED.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
| . s _¦ , > .. . ..-.•¦
0 The ftrst of s:x car .cads of fine Bedroom Suits, Chiff enters and odd Dressers frcm the 'Globe Home'' Manufacturing 2
9 Company, "ff/ghpoint," L'orlh Carolina, crrivsd, and are now on exhibition at 16th and Mission streets at prices never before Q
* quoted in California. * 'v-- L ' .-'/'-' %
© Wi'.h chesp ma'.eriaf, fcres's ef fne oak tress and low freight rates, the Sou'.hern makers of furniture can undersell the $
® Northern manufacturer at least 25 per cent. - '•* ¦¦¦'-' ¦'• ' ®
0 We give en il.'ustraton of ONE of the cheaper suits, but we have others in solid oak at $17.50. $20.00, $30.00, $35.00, § I
J *fti v$40 00. $50.00 and up to ©
• B /££§$&& /k u ' ' ' $275. CO for the best— about J
© ra^^ i Ek'~ '^^^^^^ HO d.fferent patterns. Q
O '.be above Bedroom Suit, in genu ns solid oak, is one of the many bargains we offer in high-grade Furniture. The pic- © !
0 iare represents the suit in every detail, being photographed en our flzor by our own artist. The bed is full sizo and has S
© heavy carving on top of headboard. The dresser is 74 inches high, 43 inches wide and 20 inches deep. ' @
g The top drawers are swelled. The beautiful shaped French pate mirror is 30 inches wide end 24 *|*\r OO a
O inches deep. This suit is a marvel at the price. Bed, -dresser and washstand .'. . .1 .. \\J** S -^*^J\* j
: • '___ : ; __^ >' • • ¦'¦ .-''¦'. ¦ ©
S f^^U/C D'AY CDCIPUT^ Iso PackMd ship goods I I ITS^ MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED WHEN AC- 2
u l^r yyj. hK^|kH | free of charge within 100 CO^IPANIED BY CHECK OR MONEY ORDER PAY- •
2 ' 1IUIWI1 - miles of San Francis ;o. ABLE TO PATTOSIEN CO. , "; --. -^r ©
© I . , _i . . 1 : 9
' "¦ '-. x - ¦ '.'¦¦'•©¦
1 Corner Sixteenth A P T EF |™ S |^^Tp|^ Jif f^O Corner Sixteenth I
ooe©©©©©©©o©©o©©©s©c©Q©©ee©oo©o©o©©e©©o©©©©©e©©©©©©©©©©©©c©o©@asoQ0 |
ADVERTISEkENTS. , _._[' \
corraMMT tit* it thi mooTiR * o*«iit eo. cihckduti
SWEET RESTORERS.
f 1 JLEEP cannot be imitated except in
appearance, neither can Ivory Soap.
1 There are other white soaps that
look like Ivory Soap, this is a penalty which
it pays for its great success. But you are
not deceived, there is only one Ivory," the
others are imitations of its perfections. ,
99«*i£ PER CENT. PURE.
|N| Perfectly Fitted Eyeglasses
B ¦J ¦ Should not droop. - ¦• • M
f&ffl , Should center correctly. g£a
Ip -^3 Should, rest comfortably.
¦ ¦¦•¦'¦¦•' Should; set Tlose. to ¦ the "¦
jk.-A eyes and should be neat ..M
K-3 and becoming. Ml
y!^ ; Our. glasses are made on *w
E %J MOCUE- KING m
fT% - OPTICAL COi; Ti
211 Post St., above Grant m.SANTIAGO DE CHILE. April 2.— The Chil
ean Congress will meet in extraordinary ses
sion April 7. It will discuss financial matters.
RACING ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Memphis and Bennings Meetings A to
in Full Swing.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.'. April 2.— Montgomery
Park summary: ;
First race, selling, five and a half furlongs —
Drum monoS won. Lee Nutter second. Kins
Tatius third. Time, 1:09%.
Second race, six furlongs — Waring won, Toah
second. Death third. Time, 1:144.
Third race, selling, four furlongs — King's
Lady won, Phllo second, Kerrville third. Time
:49Vi.
Fourth race, Gaston Hotel stakes, four fur
longs — Mallory won, Dr. Walker second. Poor
Boy third. Time, :40%.
Fifth race, selling, one mile and a sixteenth
— W. B. Gates won. Trebor second, C. B. Camp
bell third. Time. 1:4»%.
Sixth race, selling, five and a half furlongs—
Lady Wadsworth won, Harry Wilson second.
Cadel third. Time. 1:00%.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— Benntaga sum
mary:
First race, six and a half furlongs, pursa
$400 — Gold Fox won, Fonsoiuca second. Hamp
shire third. Time. 1:24 3-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, purse
$400 — First Chord won. Agio second, Aurlfer
third. Time, :58%.
Third race, hurdle, short course — Tamartn
won, Farrell second, Gould third. Time 2 55.
Fourth race, seven furlongra — Calgary won
Fablus second.' Woodchuck third. Time '1*23*
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Meistersinger
won, Carroll D second. Imperialist third. Time,
1:13.
Sixth race, one mile and 1 100 yards, purse
Orontas won. Lamp o' Lee second, Ohnet third.
Time. 1:32 1-5.
Morton Is accompanied by his wife, T.
P. Shomts, one of the owners of the In
disna, Illinois and Iowa Railroad; J. J.
Byrne, general passenger traffic manager
of the Santa Fe:-E. Chambers, freight
manager, with headquarters in Los An
geles, and J. S. Bannington, Morton's pri
vate secretary. The party 'will remain
here ecverar days.
Paul Morton, second vfee president and
traffic director of the Santa Fe Railway,
arrived here yesterday and Is at the Pal
ace. He has been visiting Southern Cali^
fcrnia, and while there met President
E. H. Harriman of the Southern Pacific.
Morton says that there Is no truth In
the rumor that the railway magnates of
this country are opposed to President
Roosevelt and that they will try to de
feat him should he run for another term.
In reference to the case that is now be
lr.g tried in which the railroad men are
charged with violating both the inter
state commerce and the Sherman anti
trust laws, Morton says that they f «el
that they should be allowed to pool busi
ness should they so desire. He says that
the Santa ;Fe is anxious to secure an
entrance into Oakland, as it feels thit
business would be increased materially by
the move.
to_ Secure an Entrance Into
Oakland.
TRAFFIC MANAGER MORTON
OF THE SANTA FE ARRIVES
Says That ' the Company . Is Anxious
Open, stake, sixty- four entries — J. H. Mc-
DulTy'B Sally Brass vs. J. Vlnal's Little Ful
lerton; Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire vs. E.
Geary's Fenli; T. Cox's Crockett Hill vs. M.
Dillon's Challenger; G. JJethercott's Hickory
Dick V3. T. Jolley's Toronto: J. H. McNeil's
Blackhawk vs. P. M. Clarkson's Miss Broir.
meI;'C. G. Whallon's Miss Shirley vs. J.
Trade's Cosey; L. Lagomosino's Boney Boy vs.
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson; W. C. de B. Lopez's
Eager vs. J. Carroll's Lady Menlo; A. R. Cur
tis' Candelaria vs. W. C. de B. Lopez's Pepita;
J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs. O. Zahl'a CHara; J.
Sheridan's Tim Murphy vs. F. A. McComb's
Royal Rofcue; -Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs
vs. L. L. Lagomosino's La Belle; M. Mlchilik's
Strayaway vs. A. AIcLeod's Royal Friend; J.
Dempsey'a Jingle Bells vg. E. Geary's Little
Jim: W. Cramer's Onward vs. E. Geary's Bon
nie Hug-hie; J. Manning's Doreen vs. S. H. Wil
son's General Dewet: Kelly & Hanley's Fearful
Ship vs. P. C. Blick's Advance Guard; Yo
eemlte Kennels' Mose vs. Sterl & Kownles' Ice
man; E. Ready" * Full Moon vb. Sterl &
Knowles' Olita: Chiarini Bros.' White Hat vs.
P. M. Clarkson's Prompto; J. J. Keenan's Lun.
din Links vs. Pasha Kennel?' Real Lassie;
Ohiarinl Bros.' Sempronius vs. A. R. Curtis'
Dragon Fly;.E. Laswell's Stylish vs. T. Sulli
vants Vagrant; C. Pickard's Bright Gold vs.
ChtarinlBros.' Santonin; J. M. Ray's Doris vs.
G. Sharman's Sir Pasha; H. Pechner's Kear
targe vs. A. R. Curtis" King Cotton; R. A.
Fink's ..-Fiery Friend vs. C. Glock's Alameda
Lad; J. Hurley's Sugar Cans vb. .A., R. Curtis'
Fly by Night; R. B. Kay'a Hawker vs. E.
Geary's Fannie Hugbie; E. F. Gascon's Bernal
Boy vs. D. Toland'a Pleasant Girl: Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Archer vs. J. Carroll'* Cascade;
H. Perigo's Belfast vs. E. Geary's Dathy.
Special stake, 32 entHes— A. R. Curtis' Fly
ing Fox vs. A. R- Curtis' Anchor; W. J. Leon
ard's Tom Hurlick vs. A^ R. Curtis' War Eagle;
F. Jones' Wedgewood vs. H. H. Gray's Rona:
G. Xethercott's Red Rock vs. T. J. Cronin's
Vandal; P. M. Clarkson's So£ala vs. P. Doyle's
Liberator: Chiarini Brothers' Uewdrop vs! E.
Geary's Fair Oaks; A. R. Curtis' Rector vs.
D. Welsh's Sacramento Boy: Sterl & Knowles'
Freeze Out vs. B. S.lva's Master Rocket; Chi
arini Brothers' Tame Tralee vs. C. O. Peter
son's Haphazard; F. Jones' Hanean Gladys vs.
T. J. Cionin's Tralee Boy; P. ilullarky's Mamie
Pleasant vs. A. R. Curtis' Vulcan; A. R. Cur
tis' Lest Chord vs. Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete; A. P.. Curtis' Narcissus vs. A. R. Curtis'
Leola; A. R. Curtis' Luxor vs. A. R. Curtis'
Wapsee; Pasha Kennels' Rocker vs. E. Geary's
Roy'Hughie; G. Nethercott's Floodgate vs. J.
Sheridan's Forest Queen.
Reserve stake,. 10 entries — Chiarini Brothers'
Bona Hagnifica vs. R. B. Kay's Schilling's
Best; T. Coleman's Cotton Ball vs. J. Segger
son's Gold Hill; W. J. Browning's Little Jack
vs. E. Pratt's Glenbrook; Kelly & Hanley's
Lusmagh Lad vs. J. W. Fahey's October Lad;
J. I. O'Brien's Little Bob vs. T. Jolley's Little
May; T. Jlillenck's My Selection vs. W. C.
Badger's Alert; J. Connolly's New Moon vs.
M. Xealon's Port Freedom; J*. C. Mack's Delia
M vs. M. Nealon's Fred Freedom.
At a special meeting of the California
coursing committee last night at Pythian
Castle an added incentive was offered the
owners of greyhounds to enter their dogs
in the forthcoming show of the San Fran
cisco Kennel Club. »
It was decided to offer two stakes, to
be decided at Union Coursing Park, open
only to greyhounds exhibited at the bench
show. This will afford an opportunity of
seeing the dogs in the ring and on the
coursing fleld_ No entrance fee will be
exacted.. The owners of greyhounds were
urged to make liberal entries by President
J. H. Rosseter of the Interstate Coursing
Club. L. A. Klein, manager of the bench
show also addressed the meeting. It Is
hoped to secure an entry of one hundred
greyhounds.
The draw for this week's coursing at
Union Park was held last night. There
are three stakes up for decision on Satur
day and Sunday. The draw resulted as
follows:
The marriage of Loretta Newhall to
Fred S. Newhall was annulled by JudgQ
Hebbard yesterday. Mrs. Newhall, I who
was a Miss Loretta Hall, said 'that when
she married Newhall In thi3 city In 1899
she was but 15 years of age and consented
to become his wife without first having:
secured the consent of her parents.
Anne T. Herve was divorced from "W. A,
Herve yesterday on the ground of extreme
cruelty.
"W. B. Handy3ide, who was married to
Alice Eva Handyside at Sevenoaks, Kent,
England, In 1SS7, brought suit for divorca
yesterday on the ground of desertion. He
alleges that his wife left him at London.
England, In 1S32.
Mary L. Angel", is suing George Angelo
for divorce for i*!lure to provide. They
were married at Antioch in 1893 and have
four children. Mrs. Angelo. alleges- that
in July, 1300, her husband deserted her
and that since that time she has had to
depend upon her own exertions for the
support of herself and children.
Suits for divorce were also filed yester
day by John J. Reilly against Marie Reil
ly for desertion: Louise Palmer against
Arthur B. Palmer for inndeiity and Ida
Bruskey against John Bruskey for failure
to provide. Jette G. Johnson Is suing for
the annulment of her marriage to Martin
J. Johnson, a saloon-keeper at 113 Jack
son street. She alleges that her husband
is also her uncle and that he has beaten
her severely. They were married in 1SD0
and have one child.
Wife Left Him in London.
Rodgers, according to his wife's com
plaint, was not very choice In his selec
tion of expletives. He called her, she al
leges, "a fool," "a miser," "a she devil"
and v a tight." He also told her on nu
merous occasions, she alleges, that she
"was an old good-for-nothing."
Mary Sullivan is suing Jeremiah Sulli
van, to whom she was married in May.
1900, at i Alameda, for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. Mrs. Sullivan charges
her husband with telling her "to pack her
trunks and go" and with saying to her,
"You will go out of this house a dead
woman if you don't do as I say." Mrs.
Sullivan further charges her husband
with refusing to chop wood for her when
she was 111.
Mrs. Rodgers further alleges that on
that occasion Rodgers attacKed the- ser
vant girl for interfering in her behalf,
struck her and threw her to the floor. On
another occasion, she alleges, that while
they were dining at their home he humili
ated her by calling her names in the
presence of a guest and by throwing meat
and other victuals around the room.
i Mrs. Sarah A. Rodgers, relict of
"Ducksy" Rosenbaum, yesterday com
menced her threatened action for divorce
against Harry A. Rodgers, an advertising
agent. The marriage was celebrated last
November and was a great surprise to the
friends of the contracting parties, for the
couple had met but a few days before the
wedding. Rumors have been rife concern
ing family difficulties since the first of
this year and the suit for divorce has
been expected for many days.
Mrs. Rodgers' compalnt is a recital of
alleged conversations In which Rodgers
evidently got the better of the talk, for
she alleges that his language caused her
great mental anguish. Mrs. Rodgers al
leges that while at the St. Nicholas Hotel
her husband, in the presence of her sister,
Mrs. Teresa Parks, humiliated her by
yelling at the top of his voice. This hap
pened on the night of January 2, and on
the night of January 12. ailege3 Mrs.
Kcdgers, he repeated his offense at their
home at 2lo7 Vallejo street.
Threw Servant Girl Down.
High Class Entry for This
Week's Card at Union
Part V
Matrimonial Venture.
baum Tires of Her Second
Widow of "Ducksy'* Rosen-
Owners of Greyhounds
Are Shown Its Many
Advantages. .
Mrs. Sarah Rodgers Com
mences Suit for a
Dxvorce.. ;
URGE SUPPORT
OF BENCH SHOW
SAYS HUSBAND
HUMILIATES HER
SPORTS OF THE BOXERS, ANGLERS, TRAPSHO0TERS, COURSING MEN AND ON THE BASEBALL DIAMOND
CRACK BOXERS
AFTER BRITT
CHARLESTON CLUB
MAKES NEW BID
Young Corbett, Parker,
Erne, Lavigne Among
Those Mentioned.
Guarantees Thirty -One
Thousand Dollars to
ths Fighters.
Ariel Club Presents an Ex
cellent Card for To-.
Niffht ¦¦•^'
Threatens to Match McCoy
Against Fit zsimmons on
Saturday.
The crack boxers of the lightweight di
vision are buzzing about Jimmie Britt
like bees on a honeysuckle vine. Young
Corbett, Frank Erne,, Kid Lavigne, Kid
Parker, Willie Fitzgerald and apparently
every boxer with any pretensions to
"class" seems after the Californian.
With all this talent available it is im
possible to get down to the vital point of
signing the bonds that bind. Kid Parker
seems willing to agree to any condition to
get on a match. Billy Lavigne of the
Acme Club, Oakland, has promised to pro
vide a date on which to hold it.
Manager Morris Levy of the Hayes Val
ley Club would bring Britt and Kid La
vlgne together.
The Californian is after the big men of
the East and it seems difficult to get them
At Woodward's Pavilion to-night the
Ariel Rowing Club will present its first
amateur boxing exhibition at popular
prices. The card is an inviting one, there
being two excellent matches and five
promising ones. W. J. Leonard, the
Olympic Club's crack, will meet Paul
Martin in a special match. Ted Wolfe
and Charles Peterson are both clever box
ers and should provide an exciting bout.
The other bouts are between Mike Ma
tier and Barney Driscoll; Lew Powell and
J. McDonald; J. Curley and Fred Land
ers; Al Young and J. Richards; Joe An
geli and Joe Carter.
NEW YORK, April 2.— Differences of
opinion regarding the battle ground may
result in the proposed heavy-weight
championship battle between Jeffries and
Fitssimmons being declared off. Jeffries
insists upon the bout being decided in Los
Angeles, while Fltisimmons favors
Charleston, S. C.
Fitzsimmons asserts bis belief that the
champion has some ulterior motive in
holding out for his (Jeffries'), home city.
He argues that Charleston is neutral
ground and should be given the prefer
ence.
The new offer of tne Charleston club Is
& liberal one. It allows each of the prin
cipals $1000 for training expenses and
gives a purse of $31,000.
The Charleston club's original offer was
75 per cent ot the gross receipts, with a
guarantee of $26,000. Since then the Los
Angeles club has offered a purse of $30,
000. The Charleston club has gone the
Californians $1000 better.
J. C. Jaudon, Eastern representative of
the Southern organization, says his club's
offer will remain open until Saturday. If
by that time Jeffries fails to come to time,
the club will endeavor to match "Kid"
McCoy against the former heavy-weight
champion. McCoy, who has Just returned
from Europe, says he will gladly take Jef
fries' place. McCoy weighs 190 pounds,
twelve pounds more than he ever did be
fore. He will begin taking light exercise
•at Muldoon's farm next week.
RESULTS OF WEDNESDAY'S RAGES AT THE OAKLAND TRACK
THE CALL'S R,-A.OI3STG- FORM CHART
TELE SAJST FRANCISCO CiVLL, THURSDAY, , APRIL 3, 1902.
OAKLAND BACETBACK— Wednesday, April 2.— Weather fine. Traekjieavy^
S533. FIRST RACE— 6% furlongs; selling; maidens; three-year-olds and up; to* first, $325.
j j "~~ T Betting.
. Index jHorae. Age. Weight. St. U. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. \
3529 Uxmlnster. 3 105 10 816*4 21 11 W. D. Randall... JackBon 7-5 7-5
{El Pllar, 3 105 4 11 22 1 >i 29 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 2 7-5
31S5 ICanderos. 5 ..107 ft SI 1^32 31 Jennings & Co.,.1.. Oaly 5 12
S407 iBillisis. 4 105 C Ch 7 \<* 4 V4 * h X. H. Bradford Prior 10 30
S415 Maratine, 4 108 1 4 »£ 4 »>, 5 H r. >i O. H. Ellis. .W. Narvae* 10 20
3413 La Calma, 4 105 » 92 95 72 01 Elmwood Farm...Winslet 10 3«
3173 B&ltest. 3 102 2 21 3h 82 7h B. 6chrelber..W. Spencer 50 CO
3476 Syce. 3 102111 10 2 51 6^85 J. D. Lucas... Fauntleroy 50 200
3473 Tibs, 3 1C5! 3 5 b 8 % 9 lo » 10 McDonald & Dunlap..See 00 80
3401 Headstrong. 3 105,12 12 10 1 10 4 10 5 A. B. Spreckels.JBrodien 50 200
2327 Road Agent, 4.... 107 8 115 115 11 11 Covington & Co..Vlckery 15 . 25
3501 Alado. 5 109; 7 7 1 12 Pulled up F. J. Todd Conley 20 15
Time — V4. :24Vi; ¥1. :5C; $J. 1:17; 0%f. 1:2*. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third •
dri\-ing. Winner, W. D. ilandall's br. c. by K'.nBSton-S:lverdene. Had Ransch on El Pllar
gone en about his business Instead of rating behind Canderos he could have won .Axmlnster
is apparently a slow begimftr. Baltert cut off on stretch turn. Scratched — Discovery 105.
a.~:U. SECOXD RACE— Four furlongs; two-j ear-olds; to first, $325.
j j ~ '¦ Becting.
IndfrxjZIoree and Weight. St. ft. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
::51(T;Hlgh Chancellor.. 113 1 ... 2 14 1 n 11 Chinn & Forsyth..Conley 1-5 1-6
3474 |Tom Mitchell 110 2 ... 12 2 2 2(5 G. P. McNeil Ransch C 0
.34(59 IMontezuma 113 5 ... 4 1 3 1 3 4 Capps & Long Hafley 20 30
i Leo Nolan 108 4 ... 6 5 14 4 n S. McXaughton. ..Tullett 20 CO
jEstoy LiEto IOC 6 ... 5 % 4 h 5 2 El Prlmero Stable... See 20 (JO
IHoraet Kttl 3 ... 3h C C H. Gottung...Waterbury 40 100
¦ Time — V*. :25; ',4, :50. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, Chlnn |
& Forsythe"6 b. c. by Odd Fellow-Lsonatue Mare No. 2. Flat-footed when barrier went up, .
Chancellor waded through his field. Leo Nolan beat the gate, but was Inclined to run out.
Scratched — Sylvia Talbot 115.
3533. THIRD RACE: — Seven furlongs; selling; three-y*>ar-olds and up; to first;" $325.
. - , Betting. '
Index Horse, Age, Weight. ISt. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
S52G iBernota. 4 10* 8 8 61 12 12 Burns & Waterh*.. Ranch 7-10 7-10
3472 lOur Llxzie, a 1C5 2 71 8 2 >¦£ 2 ] K Ted Hayes L. Daly 7 20
S521 iCaptivate. 4 102 5 53 51 41 3n P. Hlldreth Ransom 10 30
3479 jMid. Chimes, 5.. .105 7 6 17 1 5 2 4 n Joseph Ma'den.. Jackson 10 20
3514 [Decoy, 5 107 6 4h 4h 31 52 Geoi-ge Miller Hoar 10 20
31*« iMountebank. 6....10fl 4 3h 3h 61 0 10 Miles Flnlen Vlckery 6 8
3425 IDevereux. 5 107 3 13 In 7 1 7 1 S. Merrtwether...Fauntly 30 4O
34>2 IDoll. Welthoff. 6..1O9 1 2n 2 1 8 S D. Lees Troxler 6 11-2
Time— %. :24%; %. :49%: %. 1:17%; %. 1:30%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. g. by Take Notice-Berna. Iiernota pounds
the best. Our Lizzie ehowed improvement. Mountebank cut off on backstretch. So was
lJoUlc Weithofl. Scratched— Evea G 9^ Barnato HO^Lomond 110. Vasallo 03.
¦3o3tt. FOURTH RACE— 1% mll»s; Monte Vista handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $400.
' i I Belling.
-Index JHorse, Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
SC24 jposition. 5 108 2 4 3 % 2 h 1 % D. S. Fountain Hoar 3 16-5
T:."524 Col. Ballantyne. 4.100 4 11 2 1V4 3 15 2 Vi James Wilson Ransch 7-2 0-2
3524 Janice, 4 110 1 2 % lh lh 3 25 G. B. Morris Jackson 4-5 7-10
S524 Bragg. 3 033 3n 4 4 4 Curl & Co W. Knapp . 6 10
Time— M. :26; 14, :51%; %. 1:17; m, 1:44: lVCm, 1:56. Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner. D. S. Fountain's br. g. by Racim>- Pottery. Position best and nicely Vidden.
Janice has gone back in form. . Bragg no speed.
3."37. FIFTH RACE^ — Six furlongs; selling; thrc-e-year-o!ds and up; to first, $325.
;' I I Betting.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. |St. 14. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
34S3 Botany. 3 98! 4 1 2% 1 3 1 2H 1 1 E. E. Ed wards .. Ransch 8-5 &5
(?4S5) Isaline, 8 103 2 4 2 3 1% 4 h 2 1%'C. Lind Jackson 2 13-5
8333 Jacqueminot. 3 .. 92 3 21 2 % 2 3 3>£ J-ennings & Co.Winslette 6 7
3498 IWyomlng. a 110 5 6 6 3 n 4 10 Brown & Co Troxler 2 11-5
|Har. Thoburn. a.. 105 1 3n 5 1 5 4 5 3 L. Levy Donnelly 60 40
O701)'Florinel II. 5 105J 6 52 42 6 6 |O. F. Johnson Stuart 30 80
Time — \4. :24; %. :48%: %. 1:15. -Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third 'driving
• Winner, E. E. Edwards' br. g. by Watercress -Pensa. Nothing bothered Botany. Jackson
or. Isaline made a very late move and Raved no ground. She can do better. Jacqueminot
rated to poor advantage. Wyoming did not run his race. Scratched — Rubus 97 The
; Pride 107. - '
S'SS. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-yar-olds and up; to flrat, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Wetght.'st %. 14. Str. Kin. Owner and Jockey. Op!" 11 ?!*.
850S Antole*. 4 110! 3 4 3 4 5 12 12 D. A. Honig.... Troxler 3 11-5
3J«03 Redwald, 5 104 6 31 3n 2 Y 3 2 h Jennings & Co..L Daly 6 10
3512 Horton. 6 104 4 51 6%42 3 ns J. McGovern Ransch 2 3
S5O6 Impromptu. 4 103 5 21 2n 33 45 Montana Stable. Fauntly 4 Vrt:'?
S524 Dr. Bernays. a. .101 1 63 6%61 61 J. Conway Hoar 6 It
(3503) Dorian, a 104 7 7 7 7 6 1 O. B. Morris. .. .Jackson 10 20
350P |Jlm Hale, 4 103 2 11 1 1% g 1 7 W. L. Stanfleld. ¦ .Etuart 4.6
Time— «4. :26%; y,, :51; %. 1:17; mile. l:42»i. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, D. A. Honig't b. m. by Lcttoon- An voile. Antolee probably best. Some
of the others did not like the going. Scratched— Nilgar 104, Grand Sachem 101 Quadra 83
Galanthug 97. Mission 101. Diderot 100. ':,«¦¦¦.¦:.:¦.
Vanderbilt Horses Win inSParis."
PARIS,^ April ¦;' 2—W...K. Vanderblif s
. ATLANTA, Ga.. • April 2.— Frosts were gen
eral last night in portions of Mississippi, Ala
bama. Georgia and the Carolines. The (dam
age-to the fruit crop in Georgia, '.if any,, was
ElUht. •
Sheridan .With American Leaeue
CHICAGO. April 2.— "Jack". She,ridari
the - umpire; . has ? signed for ' the
season -..with : the -American Baseball
League. ' ''^WjWaSftSaSBH&BSBg^f - '
The registration committee, of -the. Pa
cific Association of ; the! Amateur /Athletic
Union met last night in the Olympic Club
The case of Tody Everett apd Paul Boiler,
charged ... with • boxing * • -.under 'assumed
names, was i discussed: ; Both boxers | were
summoned to appear, before the committee
at. its next meeting. •j\ . ". " ¦¦:.- -¦
' Fitzgerald Is Overweight.
PHILADELPHIA, ..April . 2.-The six
round ' go between Dave Sullivan and Wil
lie* Fitzgerald, which^ was" scheduled ' to
take Dlace:at;the Penn. Athletic Club to
night, failed to • come off ' because Fitz
gerald was overweight. (
Fourth Race-^Escalante, Sister Jeanir, Glen
dennlng.
Fifth Race— Plan, El Mido. Marshal Neil.
Sixth Race — John Peters. * Bernota,' : Sir
Hampton. .' . . • , ' v , ' : ' r ..
Selections for .To-Day.
First Race-7-Morlnel, Tufts. Lento.
Second Kace — The Weaver, Lass of Langdon,
Narra G. . ' : . . < ; ". :,..¦ '
Third Race— Rosewar. Flo Culver. Nonle. . '
Boy Escapes Being Shanghaied.
Charles Jensen, a sailor boy, : living at
647 California street, secured a warrant
yesterday, for the arrest of John H. Her
man;' proprietor of a sailors' boardine
house at 26iBteuart : street. on a charge of
misdemeanor embezzlement. Jensen al
leges that Herman offered to get a berth
for him^on; a whaler going to Alaska and
collected from the owners $50 of ' the
money i that would . be due Jensen after
the : voyage. When he discovered what
Herman, had done he refused to go on
the ': ship and : on .March 10 Herman and
two^ other, men tried 'to force him into a
boat- to Hakej him to the vessel,: but ho
struggled and fought eo hard ¦ that Her
man let him go. ¦ . \
Johnstone,. president of the Railroad
Board, concluding his report with a warn
ing against .the, condemnation ;of Ameri
can locomotives because these trials have
been unsatisfactory, points out that the
Egyptian engineers and firemen are ! not
so muscular or- intelligent. as the Ameri
cans, ahd.that alterations had to be mad**
to, enable them to. operate the locomo
tives I satisfactorily. , He » says . he i knows
of railroads i where a suitable American
design ; has been ; selected : and where . the
difference of coal consumption is very
smalL .: '- ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ .r • ¦•••..-•¦' V..-.V; '. ¦¦¦¦:'¦:
JtiONDON, April 2— A Parlamentary pa
per issued to-day gives correspondence
respecting the. comparative merits .of
the American, -British and Belgian Ioco
' motives now in ' use In Egypt. In a dis
patch to the] foreign Secretary, Lord
Lansdowne, December 3, covering a num
ber of reports > received from railroad 'offi
cials, the British Diplomatic Agent | and
.Consul' General in 'Egypt, Lord Cromer,
draws the general -conclusion that- the
main reason why so many orders for rail
way plants have been recently given to
the Imited; States is that the American
'firms are able ito execute them with ex
#aprdinary. rapidity, due largely to the
system ; of standardization,
'win respect to; price, Lord Cromer finds
the ; British firms can hold their own
where "special designs have to be execut
ed. With respect to the quality of Brit
ish work, It is; at least equal and often
superior to American and Belgian work,
while in consumption of coal the British
engines have a decided superiority over
the /American, though not over the Bel
gian engines. The British manufaclur
ers' weaK point -is" delay in executing or
ders. . . ; : :, -• ".. •¦ . • • ¦'
What is termed the "educated division"
backed Botany off the boards to capture
In the. seven-furlong selling affair Ber
ncta, the 7 to 10 favorite, ran circles
arcund his field. Away last. Ransch
threaoc-d his way to the front with the
brown gelding and then won hands down
from Our Lizzie, a 20 to 1 outsider Can
tlvate. another despised one, took show
honors. • , •
Only Janice broke the slate. Green Mor
ris* useful mare with 110 pounds and Lee
Jsckson in the saddle, received steady
support at 4 to 5 to take the mile and a
furlong handicap. She ran third after do
ing her best. .
Johnny Hoar rode a nicely timed race
on Position, the second choice, overhaul-
Ing and beating Colonel Ballantyne, the
pacemaker, with something to spare by
less than a length. Bragg, the only othe
starter. piloted by "Bill" Knapp could
not raise a respectable gallop.
El Pilar, the highly touted maiden from
the Burns & Waterhouse stable closed
equal favorite in the betting on the oDen
lng sprint with Axminster. Jackson on
the latter horse did not get away w*»ll
and then got up in time to beat El Pn'nr
a length. Canderos ran third, after cut
ting out all the pace. cut
With Barney Bchreiber's filly BvW\-,
-Talbot, out of the way, High Chancellor
went to the post a 1 to 6 favorite for the
two-year-old scramble. The favorite wt
flat-footed when the barrier went up ™t
outclassed his company, scoring with ease
fiom Tom Mitchell: Montezuma finished
choices crossed the bar on
time and dropped anchor. The track was
heavy, but it caused no serious inflec
tions In form. The ring was especially
hard hit over the wins of Botany and
Antolee. Previous to this Axmlnster,
High Chancellor and Bernota by their
successive victories had contributed
greatly to lightening the bank rolls of
the people quoting odds.
/ * / f=^ UT-IN" day proved a disas-
VO// trous one for the book
1L . makers at Oakland yester-
d& y. as five heavily laden
The Board of Public Works has decided
to recommend to the Board of Supervlso-3
that an appropriation be made to reduce
the width of the sidewalks on each side
of Third street from nineteen to fourteen
feet. The board assigns as a reason for
the recommendation the Increased traffic
on : the thoroughfare. Some time' ago it
was . proposed to .' remove the- buildings
several feet back from the sidewalk, but
the cost would be immense". By reducine
the sidewalks the congestion tan be re
lieved in six months. The cost will
amount to about $100,000. - -
The Board of i Works will also recom
mend the purchase by the city of its own
teams for street sweeping. The first cost
°? -""Proposition, including the purchase
of 250 horses and the erection of building!
on. a site owned by: the city, will be be
tween $100,000 and $125,000. The eitimafed
cost of maintenance is $50,000 per annum.
Board of Works Recommends That
Appropriation Be Made to Relieve
Congested Traffic.
Lord Cromer Explains
Why f We Provide
Loc:; motives, v '
FAVOBS WIDENING OP
THIBD-STKKET EOADWAY
RAPIDITY WINS
FOR AMERICANS
. No one stream has a monopoly of the
good fishing. Trout " are reported numer
ous in all the streams frequented by the
anglers from this city.- .
W. J. Street ana W. J.Hynes spent the
; OFering day of the- season on a stream
near Glen Ellen. ' Their joint catch waa
14. fish of fair average size. .
: W. W. Richards caught the limit of
fifty fish of good slze^ in Aptos Creek,
.their "spinner" or, "spoon" in some. dark
pool and wllldart at It when It is deftly
cast into the water on. Saturday. .
Sixth Race — Six and a half furlongs, selling;
three-year-olds and upward: .
V""'- Rey" Hooker ..107- 350S Huachuca ..:.100
S525 Sir Hampton..lCO 3526 Snn Venado. ..110
3021 Frldolin ..... 07|(349fl)The Singer -;. 107
3472 Parsifal 10(l,<3408)Oo!onlal Girt:. 9 I
340R John Peters.. .102 3459 Klckumbob v.107
3C09 Bagdad 107 1 (3535)Bernota .". ... 104
: Fifth Race — One and an eighth miles, selling;
thiee-ycar-olda and upward: > . .
(3JW2)ElMldo .....112 3518 Royalty ..... 09
3526 Plan 1C2 3532 Free Lance ..117
3526 Marshal Neil. 113 2774 Anthracite ... 108
Fourth Race — Six furlongs; the Buena Vista
handicap ; three-year-olds :
(353l)SIster Jeanle..ll2 3537 Botany .!..... 110
2510 Glendennlng ..110 3518 Escalante . : , . 110
3536 Bragg ........107 :: '
Third Race — Five furlongs, selling; three
year-old fillies: . . •
3523 Rosewar .....112 3486 Im. M. Schultzll2
3511 Jennie Hughesl! 7 3511 Cathello .....117
3511 Satchel 117 3272 Dlvlna .112
3497 Ishtar 117 32R2 Nonle ........117
3497 Swlftllght 112 3520 Pirate Maid ..112
(30Cl)Flo Culver ..112 3158 Torso Maid ..112
the six-furlong run, fifth to be decided.
From 13 to 5 the odds were rubbed by
degrees to 8 to 5, and the Watercress
three-year-old led from start to finish.
Jackson on Isaline, made a late move.'
arriving at the wire in time to dispose of
Jacqueminot for second place. *
Dan Honig's mare, Antolee, trained by
his son, "Peach," was made the medium
of another plunge in the speculating on
the closing race, a mile selling event.
Trcxler waited with the mare to the
stretch, and then cutting loose, assumed
the lead, winning by two . lengths. Red
wald in a hard drive led out Horton a
bead for place honors. "•
Following are the entries for this aft
ernoon's events:
First Race — One and an eighth miles, j sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward v
3514 Tufts 101 3505 Whaleback ...102
3527 Morinel 105 3527" Gold Baron... 107
3117 Ulm ....107 3475 Elmer L. .' 101
3014 Matilda O ..90 3B20 Lento- ...... ..100
Second Race — Six furlongs, selling; three
year-oldg and upward: . .
3523 Bubino ..... .107 3470 The Weaver... 110
8517 The Hoodoo... Ill 3*68 Chandoo 110
8527 Marineuse -..11:* 3445 Golden Light. .11:5
3025 Narra G ....116 3519 Mllas ...... .;110
(84(J8)Koyal Ro«rue..l07 3479 Mont. Peeress.105
(SOU) Lass Langdon. 105 3517 Dawepn ......107
p.'m g«J HE ardent anglers who were un
1 able to visit their favorite trout
1 stream on the opening day of the
UL season were not sorry to hear of (
' the heavy rainfall on Wednesday.
While every man who was out secured
excellent results, the catch would- have,
been nearly doubled had weather condi
tions been more propitious.
The absentees are congratulating them
selves that some of those fish which were
not caught are awaiting the sheen of
Illinois II and Bat won . respectively firct
and second place in the race for the Prix
la Grange, the principal event of the
Malson Lafltte meeting .to-day. Rigby
(American) on Levengeur won the Prix
a Orgival.
LONDON, April 2.-At the Royal Wind
sor race " to-day Martin, the
American jockey, took three firsts out of
six races in which he had a mount.
M. Mettivech hooked two striped bass,
one weighing four pounds and the other
six, some days since at Railroad Point.
Both fish were hecked at the same time.
Ar,other one was hooked and, after being
played an hour, made off with the
"leader." .
near, Santa Cruz. It rained hard almost
throughout the day, all the fish being ta
ken before the rain set In. Owing to the
heavy rainfall the swift streams soon be
came muddy. There are fish In abun
dance, and the prospects for the season
are excellent.
WELL KNOWN ANGLERS WHO BRAVED THE ELEMENTS ON THE OPENING DAY OF THE TROUT SEASON
AT POINT REYES AND WERE REWARDED WITH BIG BASKETS OFFISH AS WERE ALL WHO WET A
LINE IN PAPER MILL CREEK . . , '".;....
ANGLERS ARE BUSILY PREPARING
FOR A DAY AFTER GAMY TROUT
8
ADV^KTISEMaENTR
A Sweet Stomach
comes only by having a perfect
acting liver and good .digestion—
both can easily be had by using
Beecham's
Pills
Sold Everywhere— In boxes 10c. and SSe.
ji | V^# CJ .aSr §J
y Cleveland |
Snell or
Tribune Bicycles
$30, $40 and $50
Bargains in second-hand bicycles
List mailed for the asking
LEAVl rT& BILL
\ 807-309 Larkin Street
r rttcie«~Lei l&gelM, Baa Jose, Cikltsd.
H3 5i£SiC^aiiv»rai*i'' T 'ffiIli51 llp$l$i
I At e you a weakling? Are you one of those imfort u- g
I nate young men who, through ignorance and bad com- R
I; pany, have contracted nervous spells; weak back, varico- g
|| cele, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and ambition. Jm
|U loss of confidence, bashfulncss, despondency and weak*- §S
El ness? Dr. McLa«-ghlin*s Electric Belt will cure you. O
£3 Are you a midvJlc-aced man suffering irom v.nricocele. nrema- rel
la ttireness: indicestidn. constipation. rheumatism, lame back, etc.? Dr. rj
Sj McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure vou. M
HI Are vou an old man. declining before your time, having lost K'
B all ability to eniov life, with prostatic trouble, lost strength, debil- BE
B8 «ty.' pains "and aches, ami ceheral decay of organic powers? I. can Eg
fa ¦'¦" cure you with Dr..McLauKhlin*s Electric Belt with free supensory fe
HI for weak men. »; \ R
Ml ¦¦¦-: 1 will send you. sealed, free, my beautiful book telling about it wm
Dpi if you will send this id. Send for it to-day. gg|
g ur. m. o. Mclaughlin, ™ Ma^;^ *«"¦»• I
BH9 ¦ -¦ - -¦ ' ' xl ours™ S &» m. to 8«3O p m SuiYcIii s 10 to " 1 hvcv..VIENNA, April 2.— At V. conference of
Austrian and Hungarian ; Ministers to dis
cuss the budget it was announced that as
a result of the unsatisfactory te3tsof,the
new guns the manufacture of new artil
lery .for the army had -again ¦been post
poned. • ,. f ¦ * l
Austria Postpones Gun-Making.
'KINGSTON, Jamaica* April 2.— The
Government has' abandoned its new, taxa
tion plan just in time to' avert a crisis^
A section of the community had refused
to pay the increased rates when the aban
donment of the scheme was announced
Public speakers say 'the incident proves
the need of the extension, of. representa
tlcn Jn the Legislature.; ...
Crisis i Is Averted in Jamaica. :
¦WASHINGTON, April 2.— Confirmations
by the* Senate: . ;. . . .- " ¦
Civil Engineer Mordecai T. Endlcott/to
be : chief of the ; Bureau of -Yards- and
Docks,', U. S. ; N.' • . ¦ ,-:.;«».-;
J. G.;. Wood,. receiver of the Land Office
at Topeka, . Kans. "< . .... ••'¦S¥S«S^®s^P l ?2«*SS»
' ¦ Charles H. Titus, register, of ; the : Land
Office at -. Topeka. • Kans. -.
¦.Postmasters:; Hawaii— William Madeira,
Ililo.- '. :-¦ •;'¦ ;¦ • ¦;-.¦¦:¦-;.¦¦: -.,- !
Confirmed by the Senate.
Phi Kappa Psi Men .Meet.
PITTSBURG, Tipril; 2. —The Grand Arch
Council of the^ Phi Kappa Psl College Fra
ternity met here Uo-day with nearly. 500
members .from- all parts of ;the country.
The j3rder x was founded fifty years ago and
the semi-centennial . exercises* at ' Canons
burg,.'Pa.\ the ; scene of the founding, of
the . fraternity, 1 . are responsible j ' for the
large attendance. ,r . ,, ¦
LONDON, April 2.— The crew . of the
British ship Maxwell, from San Francisco
for Hull, which sank .yesterday eight
miles southwest of Duru-encss Lighthouse,'
has been landed". ot Bremerhaven^by .the
German steamer Patagonia, .from iiahia.
The Patagonia 'collided with and sank the
Maxwell, In a 'fog and succeeded In taking
off thelatter's crew before the ship sank.
Grew of the Maxwell Landed
CHICAGO, April 2.— Information .was re
ceived from "Rome - to-day by' th^ Very
Rev. John: Kasparzyski, provincialof the
Resurrectionists Congregation of Priests,
that the Pope and the Propaganda have
approved the congregation for permanent
existence. The congregation of the
Resurrectlonislts, which was fnundpd by
several: Polish - Roman Catholic priests
about sixty years ago.' extends with;it3
missions and educational , institutions
throughout the. world and had been :On
probation sixty years. St: Mary's College,
in Kentucky, and the college at Berlin,
Canada. ' are both under the supervision
of the Resurrectionists priests. ,
Pope 'Approves Resurrectionists.
'ASTORIA, April 2.- T Carl Miller, one of
the proprietors of the Standard Music
Hall at this place, died or was killed
about-4'o'clock thi3 afternoon in his place
of business. He was found, dead In a
chair In the hall. It is claimed by the
barkeeper that Miller struck 'at a woman
in the place, and, being intoxicated, missed
her and fell to. the floor, striking his head
against the hard boards. -Another story Is
that ;hc was striking at ;the woman and
that some one; gave him a severe ,/blow,
sending him against an iron railing' and to
the floor,'. causinc his death..
Accident or ; . Murder P
MANILA, April 2.— At to-day's session
of the trial by court-martial of Major
Littleton W. T. Waller 8f the : marine
corps on the charge of killing natives of
the island of Samar without trial Private
McGee of the marine corps testified that
twelve men were shot,; eleven on one day
a.nd one on the next day. When called
upon to clear up certain points of testi
mony McGee refused to answer on the
ground that it might incriminate him.
The ; court will await the arrival here of
General Jacob H.- Smith, In command on
the- Island of Samar. before hearing any
more witnesses.
PRIVATE IS FEARFUL
TO TELI- THE STORY
SAN JOSE, April 2.— Julian Condol, un
til recently Western representative of the
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company,
was arrested here this evening by Officer
Humburg on a' charge of .obtaining money
under false pretenses from John Held of
San Francisco. Up to January 13 Condol
had an office In Stockton, but, irregulari
ties being found in his accounts, he was
forced to resign. Two months ago he
went to San Francisco and set a rapid
pace in certain society circles. .He still
represented himself as manager of the
Metropolitan Company.
A" few days ago he obtained $20 from
Held, who is a guest at the St. Nicholas
Hotel, as the first payment on a life pol
'icy. When the latter found he was
bunkoed, he charged Condol with defraud
ing him. Condol ; will be taken to . San
Francisco to-morrow.- •
Having Bunkoed a San
Franciscan.
Former Insurance Man Accused of
JULIAN CONTJOI, ARRESTED
ON CHARGE OF FRAUD
! WASHINGTON, April 2.— The Pcstofllce
Department has under consideration the
question of placing on one of the postage
stamps of the new issue the head of some
woman who is connected with the history
of the country. No particular person has
been decided on, although there Is no
doubt that Martha Washington will be
the woman no honored. This will be the
first recognition of women upon any of
the Government securities issued by that
department. -,
Woman's Head on the Stamp.
MONACO, April 2.— The eleventh annual
Peace Congress was opened here to-day In
the presence of the Prince of Monaco.
Except -foT the Italian and French dele
gates the attendance to-day was smaller
than at last year's meeting at Glasgow.
Many prominent delegates, including Dr.
Trueblood and Bdwln Mead of Boston,
were absent. The principal speakers to
dav were Green, ah American delegate,
and Moscheles, a delegato from Great
Britain. The Prince of Monaco held a re
ception at the . palace this evening in
honor of the congress. >
Peace Congress Meets at Monaco.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— Representative
Adams of Pennsylvania to-day presented
the report of the House Committee on
Foreign Affairs in favor of the bill re
forming the consular service on a -civil
service basis. The report points out the
great growth of our commerce since the
consular service was organized in 17&0,
and the present need of a system that
will assist in developing United States
commerce abroad. The interest of com
mercial-bodies throughout the country is
ret forth and an appeal made for an ef
fective and up-to-date business system.
Reform of the Consular Service.
BAKERSFIELD, April 2. — Ah Tong. the son
of a Chines* butcher of this city. ha« been
arrested on suspicion of being guilty o* th«
ifcurder of Chuey Tun Get. who was recently
dho? to death in his cabin on Jewetts lane. •
SAN DIEGO. April 2.— The gunboat Whe«l
ing arrived from the south this afternoon.
From here she will proceed to Honolulu,
whence she will go to Samoa to relieve th«
Aberdeen, which vessel will . proceed to New
York.
BAKERSFIELD, April . 2. — James Peel, an
employe of the Southern Pacific Company at
the gravel plt3 near Pampa. was assaulted and
robbed about 12 o'clock last night In r the
waiting-room In Kern City. He was knocked
senseless by his assailant. RlMB
AUBURN. April 2.— John Riley and George
Morph»»ad, two young men mining at Bath,
near Forest Hill, were entombed by caving
earth last evening. Their bodies are under
thirty feet of earth and it will be several days
before 'they can be extricated.
LOS ANGELES. April 2. — George Surbeck,
aged 18 years, who had been employed in the
Santa Fe Railroad shops at San Bernardino,
died at the Sisters' , Hospital in.thts, city from
the effects of an injury received yesterday
afternoon. Surbeck was run down by an en
gine-. MSB
SALINAS. April 2.— Preliminary steps w«e
taken at a mass meeting last night to form | a
Monterey County Improvement Club to , ex
ploit the resources of this county. The new
club has elected Mayor T. Renison temporary
president, and M. R, Merritt temporary secre
tary. ISKtomHHHBfl
LOS ANGELES. April 2.— Justice Morgan
to-day sentenced Aldine Edelman, a handsome
young woman, to ninety- days In the City Pris
on on -a charge of petty larceny.: The girl
who . says ahe is 19 years of a«e, came hare
from Naco, Ariz. She pleaded . guilty to the
charse. .
SAN JOSE. April 2. — Thirty-two suits were
brought in the Justices' Court to-day against
the defunct Union Savings Bank stockholders
to enforce the payment of the $50 assessment
levied by the bank directors. This action i«
taken pursuant to the decision recently ren
d'^red by the Supreme Court.
April 2.— Tsabel M W»ek n^
administratrix of the estate of the late CvSrU
AVyckoff. has filed notice of appeal, from tS
order of Judge Dorn of : the Superior CW
granting tho defendant in the case of wWklw
vs. Pajaro Valley : Railroad Company a «f5
triat. The suit in question .* grew out of IT
accident in which Cyrus Wyckoff w U killed.
I.OS ANGELES, April 2. — R. C. Guln. al
leged to be a deserter from the United States
army, stationed In Arizona, was captured . this
morning at his father's house on Twenty-fourth
stJ eet. . .
LOS ANGELES. April 2.— United Statei
Marshal Osborne haa been notified of the cap
ture of several Chinese at San Diego who ar»
supposed to have crossed the line recently from
Mexico.
MONTEREY, April 2. — Judge J. K. Alex
ander of Salinas was yesterday appointed
guardian of Julius FruJaJs. the Insane man re
cently captured in the mountains near Point
Sur. ... .. ¦ -.
STOCKTON. April 2. — Detective Walker ar
rested Robert E. Ford this evening. He says
Ford Is wanted at Florence City, S. C, for for
gery.
RENO Nev.. April 2. — George S. Sawyer,
a lawyer from Lincoln County, was found dead
In his bed at the Clarendon Hotel this morn
ing.' :--,-.- . • ¦ v ' - ¦
SACRAMENTO, April 2. — 8even ear» of a
westbound freight train were derailed near
Blue Canyon this afternoon. Nobody was hurt.
ALONG THE COAST
BERLIN, April 2.— An official note just
published announces that Emperor Wil
liam will be represented at King Edward's
coronation by Prince Henry of Prussia
who will be accompanied by Vice Admiral
Baron von Seckendorff, Field Marshal
Count von Waldersee, Vice Admiral von
Koester and Count von Seckendorff, the
chamberlain of the late Empress Freder
ick. Prince Henry | will be accompanied
by his wife, on, the special invitation of
King Edward. ¦ .
Prince Henry Will Be Present.
Newspaper Writers . Indicate Their
Desires in Matter of Federa
tion Action.
-BOSTON, » April 2.— The newspaper
women of- New England, at .a meeting
hereto-day, took decisive action on the
color question. The following resolution
was adopted:
Resolved, That . the New England Women's
Press Association instruct ltn delegates to the
biennial meeting. of the General Federation of
Women's Clubs, to be held In Los Angelea, Cal
In May, to consider, in all discussions and leg
islative acts of the convention the necessity of
maintaining the rights' of our colored club
women as of paramount importance. • To this
end they shall vote for reorganization , on State
lines, according to the Massachusetts plan if
given opportunity; or for the best substitute
for this measure approved by the, leaders of
the State delegation at the time, preserving the
unity of the State's vote and influence by con
certed action with other delegates.
NEW ENGLAND WOMEN.
ACT ON COLOR ISSUE
Delegates Representing Eight States
and as Many Parties Meet in
y Louisville.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 2.-The move
ment for the formation of an allied party
comprising adherents of all parties op
posed to the. Republicans and Democrats
or, as the call for the meeting stated, "a
union of reform forces against pluto
cracy," took definite shape this afternoon,
when a convention attended by about 2C0
delegates representing eight States and
as many different parties was called to
order at Llederkranz Hall in this city.
The work to-day was or a preliminary
nature, a temporary organization being
effected, and committees appointed to pre
pare for the permanent organization.-
The convention adjourned at 4:30 o'clock
this afternoon to meet again to-morrow
mornmg.
ADVOCATES OF REFORM
WAR ON PLUTOCRACY
Beats His Dying .Victim.
' PRESCOTT, Ariz.,' April 2.-J.;W. Ward:
i a traveling 'sign painter, aged about 35
I years, who drifted into SPrescott, a /'few
weeks ago.was shot and- killed last night
by Simon Alderete,' a Mexican; Both were
drunk and had a fight on the street. When
.Ward fell mortally., woundedihis. assailant
beat him 'on 'the head ¦ and face with -'his
six-shooter 'until bystanders interfered;-. ;
.' MANILA, .April 2.— Up to noon 111 cases
of cholera had, been reportedLand seventy
three deaths from the diseasa had oc
curred. '¦ ¦". .' "¦'¦¦'. . '
¦WASHINGTON, April 2.— In order. to ex
pedite the : return home, of troops in ithe
Philippines the Secretary of War has di
rected J that', transports , sail .from San
Francisco for Manila according to the fol
lowing, schedule: Kilpatrlck, ~ April -10:
: Sherman,*' April 16; Crook, April 29; -Logan,
-May 1. " '-¦' "-'¦'¦¦ ." - '¦ - ¦ ' :¦-: ¦¦--;¦'
\Vith the transports already, at Manila
! or. on their, way; there from San Francisco
jit is calculated that 'all the troop3 that
have been In the Philippines since 1833 will
be i back ' in * the United . States or' on their
way home by.'June 1 next. One reason for
hurrying these troops home is the preva
lence of- cholera- in; the Philippines.' ¦ '
CHOLERA CAUSES ALARM
IN THE PHILIPPINES
American Troops Are to B a Hurried
Home to Escape the
Disease.
ELY, New, April 2*-After wandering
about In the sagebrush hills without food
and water for several days, District At
torney ft.. T. Stearns of White Pine
County was found -near Tecoma on Mon
day: Ho was In an extremely weak con
dition and had almost perished. He was
taken in charge by friends, was examined
later as to his sanity and' was committed
to the Reno Hos.pital for Mental Diseases
by/District: Judge Talbot, in, whose court
he lir.s been prosecutor. : /-;,;.:
Stearns.was at one time a principal in
the btate University, and Is well known
in this section. Last v/eek he visited Elko
and while there acted strangely. He was
supposed to have left. Elko and to have
gone to Rene, > but when word was'- re
ceived from the latter place that he was
not there a search was instituted.
JUDGE COMMITS PUBLIC
PROSECUTOR^ TO ASYLUM
Tho District Attorn ay of White Pine
"County m Nevada Loses His
: Reason.
CAPE TOWN, April 2.— A private ser
vice for" his family and friends was hel'l
over the remains, of Cecil Rhodes at
Grooteschuur last evening. 1 The body was
brought here at midnight last night and
deposited in the vestibule of the Parlia
ment building. The coflln is draped with
a tattered union jack whlchjaelonged to
Rhodes and which he regarded with pecu
liar veneration,' and with a tattered flag
of the British Chartered South I Africa
Company, which went through the fight
at Massikesl. On these two flags rest the
cap and gown which the deceased wore
when he took his degree at Oxford.
Cape policemen are grouped in the cor
ners of the chamber as a guard over the
remains. A beautiful wreath of flowers
from Queen Alexandra has been placed at
the head of the bier. Rudyard Kipling
will take part in the furteral procession. .
Alexandra's Tribute Has .a Place
. Near the Coffin of the Dead
. .Statesman. .
WREATH FROM A QTJEEN
RESTS AT RHODES* BIFR
H. D. Mathews, a real estate man, was
nominated for Councilman at large, beat
ing W. A. Campbell for the place. Pat
rick Murray, a blacksmith, was named
for Councilman in the First Ward and
Al Hubbard, a lumberman, for Council
man In the Fourth Ward. The offices of
City Clerk and City. Treasurer were not
filled and this was left to the executive
committee, as was also the preparation of
a platform.
REFORM FORCES NAME
CANDIDATES FOR OFFICE.
George D. Worswick the Anti-Mac
kenzie. Nominee for Mayor of
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, April 2.— The reform element
held a convention at Turn Verein Hall
this evening and selected George D. Wors
wick as its standard-bearer in the Mayor
alty fight. About 600 citizens were pres
ent. The Republican" Good Government
League and the^ Jeff ersonian Democracy,
a reform Democratic organization, were
prominent in the gathering. George D.
Worswick and W. D. McDougall were
placed in nomination for Mayor. Wors
wick got 255 votes to McDougall's 99 and
was declared the nominee.
It has been decided to make the office
of president and secretary-treasurer sep
arate. The latter office will, according to
the best information, be tendered to N.
E. Young. Mr. Young s.iid he would ac
cept the office. " -.
Freedman was. opposed to .the selection
of any president until such man had come
before the meeting and" announced his at
titude and the nature of his policy.
"There has been a lot of talk," said Mr.
Freedrr.an. "about taking my club away
from me. I want to know w.haf you-pro
pose doing: about that. Does anybody
want to take my club away from me?'.'
One of the Spalding followers disavowed
any and all intention pf so doing.
Freedman and" his followers contended
that Spalding 'had never been elected
president of the league and therefore
could not resign the office. The matter
was solved by a mptlon to simply declare
the "incident closed." ' .
"Conditions have arisen which in my
opinion make it impossible at this time to
carry i out all the .principles embodied .in
the platform I put forth last- December,
and as no compromise nor modification
of these principles will be satisfactory to
me I have decided to discontinue further
efforts in this direction and hereby tender
my resignation a3 president of the Na
tional League and respectfully insist that
it be accepted without delay." • \
NEW YORK, April 2.— The National
League baseball war Is practically ended.
A. G. Spalding has resigned his claim R3
chief executive of the^ big organization
and the office will be tendered to William
G. Temple of Pittsburg.. There -will bo
no further contest in the 'courts. . Mr.
Spatding's letter of resignation was pre
sented to the magnates at the second
day's session of the peace conference at
the Fifth Avenue Hotel. The letter was
presented by James Hart, president of tha
Chicago Club, and says in part: .
of the National
League." ;
' i-' < ¦¦ \ ". ' ¦ ' ¦-.••
Retires as President
At the close of to-day every one of the
six Grand American Handicap winners of
the past who are participating this year
had lost one or more birds, making It al
most certain that a new man will be
champion this year. M. O. Feudner of
San Francisco failed to make a straight
score. J. A. R. Elliott. Fred Gilbert and
W. R. Crosby, the three thirty-two-yard
men, killed all their btrd3. Of the three
women only Mrs. S. J. Johnstone of Min
neapolis had a straight score. Miss Lil
lian Smith of California missed three
birds and Annie Oakley, Buffalo Bill's
star, missed two. Among those who had
clean scores to-day were J. Ed Vaughn of
Bakersfleld and S. R. Smith of Riverside
., KANSAS CITY, April 2.— With 493 en
tries and 456 competitors the Grand Amer
ican Pigeon. Shooting handicap opened at
Blue River Park this morningr. At the
end of the day 143 wins shots had a
straight score of eight birds. There will
be eight rounds each day until the list
of withdrawals makes it possible to shoot
more. If there are two or more men. with
a straight score after the twenty-fifth
round the high guns will shoot off alter
the round to decide the race.
Live Bird Championship— Otto
Fendner Misses.
Vaughn and Smith, Still in Line for
CALIFORNIA TRAPSHOTS
MAKE CLEAN SCORES
Two Thousand Persons Leave St.
. Paul to Find Homes on
New Lands.
ST. PAUL. April 2.— During the past
twenty-four hours 2003 settlers have left
St. Paul for Northwestern points along
the Northern Pacific, the Great Northern
and the Soo lines. The number includes
those who have been delayed • In the city
because of the floods around Bismarck
and those who poured into St. Paul to
day on the early trains from central and
southern points.
The number of settlers who will pass
through the St. Paul gateway on Thurs
day will in all probability be larger than
that of to-day. The tralnloads of'emi
grant movables and livestock which have
been held at Minnesota transfer because
of, the blockade commenced.to move for
ward last night, and the congestion of
business at that point is largely broken.
SETTLERS ARE CROWDING
INTO THE NORTHWEST
In her affidavit the plaintiff says that
between 1885 and 1893 she loaned Olcott
517,000. Of this he had paid back $625 up
to the time they separated. .
actor's former wife .
wants" coin she loaned
Mrs. Cora Olcott Sues the Well-
Known Player for Sixteen
Thousand Dollars. - •
NEW YORK, April 2.— Mrs. Cora
Stryker Olcott, who was divorced- from
Chauncey Olcott, the actor, • in : Buffalo
about five years ago, has begun action
against her- former husband for $16,375,
which she says she advanced to him from
time to time while they were married and
which he has failed to repay.
Mrs. Olcott was a chorus girl in"Pepita"
many years ago. Olcott was the tenor of
the company. On May 10, 1884, she was
married to Joseph. M. Stryker. On June
25 of the same year he was drowned. On
January 17, 18S5, she received a settlement
of $31,000 from the estate of her husband,
and on May 21, 1887, she and Olcott were
married after an evening performance.
Later came a divorce and Olcott remar
ried.
CUBA' WILL BECOME ,,.- ?
SIMPLY FOREIGN ~ SOIL
Postmaster General Informed by tliu
Secretary of War of New
Conditions. . ;
WASHINGTON, ' - April 2.— The ' Post
master General . to-day ; received a -com
munication . from the Secretary of War
officially notifying him that in May next
Cuba will become a-, foreign. country anil
that upon; the .withdrawal o f the, United
States nheref romf &n . that" date* there' will
I be no statute or postal regulation by which
mail can be transmitted for domestic post-
I age or carried on the existing money or
der system between the United States and
the island. ¦
Secretary Root states that : it is desir
[ able in the interests of the business whicn
already exists and for the promotion of
further intercourse between the inhabi
tants of the two countries that there
should be no interruption to the present
basis for the conduct of business. He also
states that it is fair to presume that the
diplomatic representatives- of the two
countries will at an early day address
themselves to the framing of a postal con
vention similar in general character per
haps to mat which the United States now
has with Mexico, but in the meantime he
suggests that Congress be asked to au
thorize a continuance of the present busi
ness, upon the agreement of the postal
authorities of the two countries. The Post
master General will take steps to have the
matter put in proper shape." .
The very conspicuous change In Marconi's
views, as contained In his letter published in
New York, Is something I regret very greatly.
SLABY.
"I trust that it will not be thought that I de
sire to minimize in any way the Importance of
Professor Slaby' s work."
I never omitted to" mention and at every op
portunity nave acknowledged that I partici
pated in the experiments carried on in May,
1897, by:, the English Telegraph Department,
under the direction of Sir William Pre.ece, with
the Marconi apparatus of that day. ~ But the
present system of attuned telegraphy, as Mar
coni knows, has hardly anything in common
with those primitive beginnings. The Slaby-
Arco system is not based on those early experi
ments. On the contrary, as Marconi well
knows, it is founded on discoveries that I pub
lished In December, 1900. to which Marconi re
ferred In his. address before the Society of Fine
Arts In these words:
BERLIN, April 2.— Prof essor A. Slaby,
the electrician, haa issued a written reply
to \ William. Marconi's statement that he,
Slaby, learned from him what he knows
about wireless telegraphy. The professor
says:
Telegraphy Has Little in Common
With Early Beginnings.
Says Present System of Attuned
PBOFESSOB SLABY
REPLIES TO MARCONI
STOCKTON. April 2.-<3eorge E. Mc-
Leod and Miss Sadie Levy were married
to-day by Rabbi Margolis in the banquet
hall of Madden's cafe. Colonel Gus G.
Grant acted as best man, and the bride
¦was attended by Miss Agnes McLeod and
Miss Rose Marks. Little Miss Ruby Gil
bert, niece of the bride, was flower girl,
and Master "Sanford Moose bore the ring
to the prettily Improvised altar. The
rroom was engaged in newspaper work
here for several years and Is now pro
prietor of the Carters New Era. The
bride is accomplished and popular. The
couple met friends and relatives at a
bridal breakfast and then departed on the
afternoon train for their future home in
the mountain town.
McLeod-Levy Wedding.
"I took this action," the Commissioner
said, "because it seemed to me from the
«vents of the last few days that the men
In • plain clothes were not as active as
they might be. In my judgment some of
the men. who have been doing duty in uni
form are quite as competent as they who
do plain clothes duty."
Police Commissioner Partridge to-day
ordered the five "plain clothes" men of
the precinct in which the "revolt" start
ed to be remanded to patrol duty, and df
rected that five men to take their places
be selected from among the patrolmen
who made eighteen excise arrests on Sun
day. .
No patrolman or police omcer. Mayor
Low said in conclusion, would ever be al
lowed to suffer by his administration for
doing: his duty. The situation referred to
in the Mayor's statement is one that has
grown out of what has been termed a re
volt by the patrolmen of the Thirty-sev
enth street station. These men declared
that they would enforce the excise law
and all other laws regardless of the atti
tude of their captain. After the patrol
men took this stand District Attorney
Jones said he would prefer charges
against the captain of the Thirty-seventh
street station.
"The present situation is the direct out
come of the perfect understanding and
complete co-operaticn between the Mayor,
the Police Commissioner and the District
Anorney of New York County."
MAYOR LOW ENCOURAGES .
THE DUTIFUL POLICEMEN
New York's Executive Satisfied With
the Patrolmen Who Attend
to Business.
-.NEW YORK, April 2.— Mayor Low made
a statement to-day concerning the police
department and Police Commissioner
Partridge in which he said Colonel Part
ridge had his unabated confidence. In
the Mayor's opinion "the whole system of
blackmail in the police department is
nearer the legal destruction and over
throw as a result of his (Partridge's) pol
icy than it has ever been before." Con
tinuing the Mayor said:"
.•'CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.\ WASHINGTON, April 2.-If Major
Rathbone former director of posts of
Cuba, who is now under heavy sentence
In Havana for : complicity with Charles
Neely in the Cuban postal. frauds. Is re
leased on bail, it" Is expected the bond
will be 'furnished -by,, or through Senator
Hanna.';.The amount, qf bail has not been
flxed^n-adyance of the .prisoner's applica
tion for'temporary release, but dispatches
from Havana have indicated that it may
be $100,000. Nothing could better denote
the degree of Hanna's confidence in Rath
bone than his willingness to assume the
guarantee of the major's appearance for
retrial, providing the Supreme Court of
the island grants his motion of appeal.
Senator Hanna stated that he believes in
Rathbone and feels certain he had -no
hand in any criminal actions. He seems
to be pretty well satisfied with the results
of his efforts In behalf of the prisoner
thus far, and is very hopeful the latter
will finally be given what he regards as
a" just trial and. fair opportunity to make
his defense. . -.::¦.,
Convicted Official by Taking
Big Risk..
Senator Likely to Show His Faith in
HANNA MAY FURNISH \
.. BOND FOB, RATHBONE
SPALDING IS OUT
OF THE FIGHT
MANILA. ' April '2.— At a meeting ~tQ
night of the Chamber of Commerce," at
which all -the members were present,', it'
was decided to send a cablegram to Presi
dent Roosevelt urging Congress to take
immediate action concerning the currency
question here, which, owing to the present
depreciation of silver and the ratio of ex-;
change of $2 27 Mexican for $1 in gold,
fixed by the United States Philippine
Commission for theensulng quarter,- has
caused an"' immense '.loss of -'business and
a great increase in the local prices -of
-necessaries. .'Many' articles - now, \ cost' 30
per cent more -than ''they, did last-Decem
ber. ; .- : \'.-. v\ ¦¦ „ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ~;7-:: ' .
Manila Merchants Make Appeal
Captain Phelon' was Ja; Nan tucket man
and early engaged in the whaling indus
try, makingmany. a trying voyage around
the Horn. .He was wrecked In 1S48 off the
coast of Peru and taken to San Francisco.
From that city he made voyages, first as
mate, then as captain. Later he engaged
in the California coasting trade . and be
came prominent, not only in the coasting
trade, but among forty-niners, serving on
the Vigilance Committee ia the troublous
days of early San Francisco. Captain
Phelon offered his services to the Federal
Government at. the outbreak of the Civil
War and served with dlstinction'as execu
tive officer - of the- gunboat Victoria and
commanding officer of the gunboats Com
modore Perry and Monticello. , .; ¦ - ,'-.. "•
BOSTON, Mass.", April 2.— Captain Henry
Augustus Phelon of Springfield, inspector
at the Boston ; 'Custom-house, died sud
denly at his rooms to-day of heart disease.
a California Vigilante, : Passes
¦ -Away Suddenly. !
Henry Augustus Phelon, Who Was
FAMOUS OLD CAPTAIN ' : ;
SUMMONED BY DEATH
J SANTA ANA;, April 2.— Superintendent
pf Schools J. P. Greeley of Orange County
has announced himself as a candidate for
the office . of State Superintendent of
Schools at the coming State convention.
He-'-has-been- for -fourteen years Superin
tendent of Schools in Orange County, was
secretary of- the State Teachers' Associa
tion for five years and was president of
the .Southern California; Teachers' Asso
ciation* for the term •¦' '1838-99. He is a.
prominent figure In local Republican poli
tics and has the indorsement of his home
•county in his candidacy. 1
':. The Republican State Convention will
hot be obliged to send but for candidates.
The following \ message . .from Orange
County-shows that-there-is'somethlng do
ing in that region:
Orange County Heard From.
> Senators Perkins and Bard joined Rep
resentatives Loud and Kahn in recom
mending the reappointment.' Mr. Montague
is a well-known merchant of high char
acter. No protests against his adminis
tration of postal affairs in San- Francisco
were lodged in the; department. The
statement was i made some months ago
that: he did not desire another term as
Postmaster, . hence ! the delegation con
sidered: the advisability of deferring rec
ommendation until the merits of aspirants
for ;. the place could be received. There
was political 'gossip to the effect that .Al
bert Gerberding was an applicant for the
office and that the Senators were inclined
to favor ; his application. * •
V The death: of Gerberding a week ago, of
course,.- disposed of agitation in that re
spect. : Presumably Mr. Montague signi
fied willingness . to serve for another
term. No great political significance at
.taches to- the reappointment,' but Inci
dentally it is remarKed that Senator Per
kins is turning away from the Burns-Gage
machine,/ as Montague is known to be an
independent, anti-boss Republican.
. It has been generally conceded in politi
cal circles that the clean, business-like
administration of postal affairs under Mr.
Montague's regime would surely prompt
the President ¦ to reappoint him. During
Postmaster. Montague's administration,
which began 'four years • ago upon the
death of former Postmaster -Frank Mc-
Coppin, many important changes have
been made. In addition to bettering the
service in many ways, Mr.* Montague has
established fully forty additional sub-sta
tions, many of 'which are in the outlying
districts.; The news of Postmaster Mon
tague's reappointment will undoubtedly
be hailed with. delight by the employes of
the local service, as' his fair -methods of
recognizing ' efficient services have won
him hosts of friends among; his subordi
nate's. = ....,- •' .'
dence of Mrs. Hearst's opposition was
found in every city that she visited on the
coast. When asked what motive could
prompt Mrs. Hearst to take this attitude
toward her Mme. Davenport explained
that when she was in San Francisco some
time ago she took occasion to severely
criticize Mrs. Kincaid, the well-known in
structor, and a warm friend of Mrs.
Hearst. The latter did not take kindly
to these strictures and requested Mrs.
Davenport to desist. This she refused to
do, taking every possible occasion to
"haul Mrs. Kincaid over the coals" In
her public lectures and in the homes to
which she had been invited. Mrs. Hearst's
influence was felt at once, says Mrs. Dav
enport, for she left San Francisco with
out making a dollar.
Mrs. Davenport declares that friends of
Mrs. Hearst prevailed upon Rev. Mr.
Forbes to do his utmost against her while
in this city, making representations to
him which were not true. In view of this
she does not feel as bitterly toward Mr.
Forbes as she otherwise would, for sh«
feels that he has been imposed upon.
However, she is outspoken In the opinion
that Mr. Forbes would have been much
better off had he attended strictly to his
own important affairs.
A story that Is almost startling In its
nature i3 told by Mrs. Davenport in ex
planation of the causes leading up to her
arrest a few days ago. She declared that
It was the purpose of Mrs. Phebe Hearst
to drive her out of California, and that
she could produce documentary evidence
to prove it. She claimed that Mrs. Hearst
recently signified her willingness to ex
pend several thousands of dollars In order
to make good her threat and that evi-
SANTA BARBARA, April 2.— It now
remains for the District Attorney to say
whether Mrs. Davenport shall be brought
to trial next Tuesday on the charge of
obtaining money under false pretenses,
preferred by Mra. Dunshee a few days
ago. Mrs. Dunshee has expressed the
wish that the case be dropped. She does
not wish to prosecute Mrs. Davenport.
The flag of truce was set to the breeia
this morning when Mrs. Dunshee called
upon Mrs. Davenport at her lodgings on
upper Anacapa street. Concerning the.
interview which took place at that' time
the latter said that Mrs. Dunshee ex
pressed the deepest regret that the diffi
culty had ever arisen; that while she At
first felt that she had paid more for tne
instruction in physical culture than she
could afford, sne would never have al
lowed the affair to get into court had she
not been urged to do so by Rev. F. S.
Forbes. She said that she had called
upon District Attorney Squier and re
quested him to dismiss the action, and
finally she had asked Mrs. Davenport's
forgiveness, which was freely and
promptly given.
Mrs. Dunshee was seen at her residence
on Bath street this afternoon. She ad
mitted that it was her desire to drop the
case and that the decision now rested en
tirely with the District Attorney.
"If he will consent to dismiss it," »hs
said, "the matter will be dropped at
once." ¦ : -1. "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The. Republica also urges Venezuela to'
demand anf indemnity from Great Britain
for damages resulting from; operations of
the Bolivar and cites, the "Alabama", case
as a precedent for such 'action. ¦.;'.,
The Republica urges the 'Venezuelan
Government .immediately,, to 1 , adopt re
prisals against Trinidad by excluding, all
vessels from that island from the eastern
ports of Venezuela and by the imposition
of an additional duty of 30 per, cen ton all
goods brought to .'Venezuela"- by: British
steamers-touching at Trinidad. : V- -
.CARACAS, -April 2.— The" Republica, a
semi-official newspaper, has recently pub
lished' several indignant articles directed
against the authorities* of 'the British
island of Trinidad on account of the hos
pitality, shown the Matos' revolutionary
steamer Bolivar, formerly the Libertador
and the Ban RIgh, in permitting 'her > to
enter the harbor of Port' au: Spain and; to
coal and repair there, notwith"standing ; the
fact that friendly relations exist between
Great Britain and Venezuela, ; - ¦
Coroner Hoye, immediately after the
autopsy had been completed, ordered Miss
Trewella released from custody. The un
dertakers received a telegramurom Jones'
father in Oskaloosa, Iowa, directing that
the remains be shipped to that city for
interment. : . . .• ' s *•:'-. , _s . .
I have known Mr. Jones for about three
years. He once boarded for a time with the
family with whom I live. I da not know what
caused his death, but I do know that he was
a frequent victim of spells such as seized him
yesterday. I gave Mr. Jones.no medicine, saw
him take nor.e and he made no statement to
me which would tend to reveal the drug.. If any,
that he took. I am . certain, however. ¦ that he
did not end -his life Intentionally. ' .
I saw Mr. Jones on three different occasions,
on Saturday, again on Monday, and the last
time Rt 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon. At that
hour I went to his room and found him Buffer
ing from a severe headache. He told me that
he had purchased medicine at a neighboring
drug store In an effort to obtain relief, but
that he believed It would be necessary for him
to go to a hospital. He requested me to no
tify the management in order that they might
summon an ambulance or patrol, wagon, at the
same time suggesting the propriety of my leav
ing the room Immediately. After proffering
his request to Mrs.-Landis. I returned to the
room to see If I could render him any assist
ance, and he again requested me to leave.
which I promptly did. I had Intended comlns
to the city again to-day to Inquire about his
condition and knew nothing of .his death until
Informed of It by the officer - • -'
Detective Lane located Miss Trewella,
who is- a stenographer, by the fragment
of a letter found in the stove in the room
occupied by Jones. He brought her to the
police station and after obtaining a short
statement from her, delivered the young
woman into the custody of the police ma
tron. Miss Trewella said:
Had Miss Trewella remained at his bed
side or communicated with the police it
is probable ¦ that she would have set. at
rest all speculation as -to the manner of
Jones* death. Constrained by a desire to
avoid an embarrassing situation, she dis
appeared, leaving the officers of the law
under the impression that 'she was Jones'
wife and laid herself open to the v sus-'
picion which the surgeon's knife has now
cleared away. -¦••.¦
Anna Trewella, the mysterious; woman
in the case, whose sudden disappearance
from the hotel while Jones was lying un
conscious led to the original theory of foul
play, was brought to the police station
to-day and her statements tend to. con
firm the results of the examination of the
body. Jones had' long been ¦ a sufferer
from attacks exhibiting all the symptoms
which were apparent during his last ill
ness. . . ' ¦
SEATTLE, April 2.— Benjamin .F; Jones,
the guest of the York Hotel,' who died
suddenly last night under circumstances
which led the Coroner, poHce; and others
to believe that be was murdered, expired
from natural causes. An autopsy held to
day established' this fact beyond a, doubt.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Devine was not present. He refused to
attend after invitation by Deputy Coroner
Quellen. Attorney M. C. Chapman, In De
vine's behalf, was in attendance for a
short time.
A Coroner's jury to-night charged
Thomas Devine with the murder of John
J. O'Connor after hearing the testimony
of a half-dozen witnesses who were about
the scene of Monday's tragedy at Shell
Mound. The jurymen were Fred A. Lew
is, foreman; A. F. Smith, Charles Achard,
John-E. Daly, C J. Twomey, G. Church,
John J. Coughlin. Louis F. Le Protti,
Harold Lancaster and Howard Prentice.
Justice of the Peace James G. Quinn,
acting Coroner, conducted the inquest.
Coroner's Jury Charges Murder.
Devine was taken before Justice James
G. Quinn this afternoon for arraignment
on a charge of murder, but that formali
ty was continued until 10 o'clock to-mor
row morning, when the date for the pre
liminary examination will be fixed.
The shocking nature o* the killing and
its attendant cirenmstances has pros
trated Mrs. Devine. She was unable to
leave her home, but at a later day may
come to Oakland.
They had not desired to send him to an
asylum, believing that he would not get
beyond their control. • • .
Furthermore, it was learned, that^De
vine's dementia could be traced to an
hereditary cause, one nephew now being
confined in an insane hospital, and fur
ther back could . be traced a taint of
mental disturbance in the family.
The young woman, despite her parent's
protests, at once retained attorneys to
take charge of the defense. The old man
will be represented by Chapman & Clift
of this city and W-. H. Jordan of San
Francisco. There was a short conference
of the lawyers with Miss Devine to-day,
and some of the facts concerning the im
prisoned murderer's hallucinations were
given publicity.
Miss Devine explained to counsel that
her father has been afflicted with period
ical spells of insanity of a homicidal ten
dency.- Mis mania, however, had not_ al
ways been directed against the 'man " he
killed, but was manifested in ' a desirer to
do away with others/ The. family had
tried to check the tendency, she said, and
each recurring spring, when the out
breaks occurred, woyld do their utmost to
ease their father's mind.
With the arrival to-day of Miss Josie
Devine, who came from Edgwood to at
tend her father's case, - fresh light was
thrown upon the circumstances surround
ing the cause for the shooting of John J.
CyConnor on Monday last by his old-time
friend and companion, Thomas t)evine.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 2.
In their desperation the passengers
broke open everything in the train's
chest and In the conductor's b<Jx found a
telegraph instrument. A young man on
the train, an electrician, faced the bliz
zard and tapped one of the wires and at
tached the instrument. He knew a little
about telegraphy and notified the opera
tors at Mlnot and Williston of what had
occurred. From each place a snowplow
was started in front of an engine bearing
a surgeon. The one from Minot, after a
hard night's work, reached the siding
early the following morning and the
wounded man was removed on the first
train to St. Paul, where he was cared for
at the City Hospital. He will probably
die. The almost famished passengers,
who had suffered from the cold and ex
posure, were given food and warm berths
in the first train * pushed through the
drifts.
Monday evening Professor Colgrove of
the University of Washington, who was
en route East on a vacation" trip and who
had been despondent and morose, at
tempted to commit suicide by cutting his
throat with a razor. There was a phys.i
cianon board the train, but he had na
facilities for performing the necessary
operation and it was absolutely necessary
to eet into communication with one of
the neighboring towns.
There was an incipient riot on the first
day. The second-class passengers insisted
that they must have as much or more
food as the others, and as they were in
larger numbers and had more ravenous
appetites it was difficult to confine them
to their quota. Many were not willing,
as the first-class passengers insisted, that
the women and children should be fed
and taken care of first, but, after some
argument they were prevailed .upon to
subside. • • - .
ST. PAUL, April 2.— Passengers arriv
ing to-day on a Great Northern train due
last Friday tell of being snowbound for
four days and five nights on the prairies
of North Dakota in the worst blizzard the
Northwest has known in many years,
with only food enough for two frugal
meals a day, and with such a small
amount of fuel that the women had to
wrap themselves in blankets and the men
to wear their overcoats day and night to
keep from freezing.
Late Thursuay afternoon the train
picked its precarious way out of .Wil
liston in the hope of being able to reach
Minot, fourteen miles to tne east, before
night. Almost midway, at a little stop
ping place called Ray, where there is'oniy
a siding, a water tank and a coal shed,
the train was stalled. The engineer
thought he could run the engine back to
Williston and get aid, and, taking the
conductor with him, started on the trip.
The lone engine was stuck in a drift in
a cut a short distance out of the town
and had to be abandoned. This left the
train of eight coaches and about 250 pas
sengers alone on the siding and with all
communicatioircut off. Then started the
long siege, during which the cold had to
be borne and hunger stifled.
One of the most magnificent presents
received by the bride was a solid gold
salver sent by J. Pierpont Morgan. The
groom's present to the bride was a hand
some necklace of beaded gold, set at in
tervals with rubies and emeralds and with
a large emerald pendant from the circlet.
This gift and a rope of pearls were the
only jewels worn by the bride.
Following a custom established at the
time of the weeding of Miss Hill's elder
sister, the father allowed the bride to
eeiect any picture she preferred from his
splendid gallery of paintings. The bride,
among other presents, received $230,000 in
bends from her father.
The out-of-town guests included Mrs.
E. M. Beard, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Tay
lor, Will Beard and Mark Roves of New
York, Mr. and Mrs. Eric B. Dahlgren of
New York, F. H. Rawson of Chicago and
Count Matsukata, the Japanese states
man, and his suite.
-t of wedlock. Following the ceremony
-~i elaborate wedding breakfast was
•erved.
Miss Rachel Hill wore a simple but very
pretty gown of pink chiffon and carried
flowers, intermingled with a bit of green.
The ceremony by the Archbishop was
very impressive. Before the service he
spoke briefly upon the spiritual signlti-
C£ ce of marriage rites, of its separate
-" s and distinction from the civil con
The bride's gown was of plain white
6atin, very heavy and very rich, but plain
almost to severity. It was fashioned with
the conventional high bodice and long
Bleeves and court train. The only garni
ture was the point lace, which was draped
about the yoke and was appliqued upon
the skirt. The tulle veil completed the
costume. She carried no flowers.
Archbishop Ireland, accompanied, by the
aged Monsignor Oster, who officiated at
the marriage of the bride's parents, and
the Rev. Thomas J. Gibbons, the bride's
pastor, entered first. Following the group
of ecclesiastics were the groom and his
best man, Eric Dahlgren. Then came
Miss Rachel Hill, walking alone, and fol
lowing her the bride with her father.
8T. PAUL, Minn., April 2.— At. noon to
day, in the family residence oh Summit
avenue, occurred the wedding of Miss
Ruth Hill, daughter of President James
J. Hill of the Great Northern Railway
and Northern Securities Company, and
Anson McCook Beard, an attorney of New
York City, t One hundred and thirty
fc-uests were* invited. The bridal proces
sion was extremely simple. As the guests
stood about in conversational attitude
the music of the bridal chorus from "Lo
hengrin" was heard from the music room
tcross the hall. There was no music ex
cept that of the pipe organ, George H.
Fairclough, organist at the Church of St.
John the Evangelist, being the performer.
* WASHINGTON, April 2.— The President
to-day, nominated W. W. Montague for
Postmaster at San Francisco.
Mysterious Woman \ Is Found
and Promptly Removes
•; Suspicion,
Travelers Suffer Severely and
One Attempts to End
Latter Claims She. Is Victim
of Plot to Drive 1 Her
From the State.
Too Much Hospitality Shown
to a 1 Revolutionary :
Archbishop John Ireland
Officiates at the
Ceremony. .
Tells. Them of the Homicidal
Mania Which Has Af
fected Him.
Orange County Offers Oandi
j date for Superintendent
of Schools.
Mrs. Dunshee Resolves
Not to Prosecute Mrs.
Davenport.
Venezuela Paper Act
cuses Trinidad of
Misconduct.
President Roosevelt Re
appoints Him Postmas
ter of This City.
Daughter of the Mag
nate, James J. Hill,
Is Married.
Passengers on Snow-
Bound Train Be
come Mutinous.
Death of Benjamin F.
Jones Due to Natural
Josie Devine Engages At
torneys to Defend
Her Parent.
NOT THE VICTIM
OF A POISONER
MONTAGUE WILL
R ETA IN OFFICE
DAUGHTER COMES
TO FATHER'S AID
HEAPS CENSURE
UPON BRITAIN
BONDS AMONG
BRIDAL GIFTS
PERIL AROUSES
THEIR WRATH
EAGER TO HAVE
SUIT DISMISSED
THE SACNT FRANCISCO GAXLy THURSDAY, XPRIL. 3, 1902.
MANILA, April 2.— Private .; Healey of
the r Twenty-sevenlh Infantry, was hanged
to-day for the'nmfder of Sergeant More
land "in ¦ April, 1901- <-,-•,
Private Healey. Is Hanged
BALTIMORE, April 2.— Mrs. Robert
Garrett and . Dr. Henry - Barton Jacobs
were married in this city to-day, in Grace
Protestant Episcopal Church, in the pres
ence of only a few intimate friends of
the couplo. The marriage was a complete
surprise. Hrs. Garrett was the widow
of the farmer president of the Baltimore
and Ohio Railway Company, who died in
liJ3. Dr. Jacobs was the late Mr. Gar T
rett's physician.^SlSJSSpffiSfBtiEEk
Wods the Family Physician.
9
GBAPE-NUTS.
A TEARFUL BABY
Wanted to Write a Letter.
A man came upon his little girl in - a
grievous and tearful condition because
ehe had been restricted in her allowance
of Grape-Nuts. The father says, "I am
little at home and I hardly understood
vhy the absence of one particular food
should excite her grief, but upon inquiry
ditcovered that she had taken such a de-
cie'ed fancy to It that she was refusing
meat and almost every other kind of
food. . :
"Since she has bc-en using Grape-Nuts
a serious condition of constipation of tli'e
towe!s has been changed to a i .'roughly
normal condition and her fiesh is an
fcolid as a rock.
"I quieted her grief by agreeing to let
her write a letter, or I would write If she
would tell, n-.e what to say, so here It If*:
'My Dear Mr. Grape-Nuts: Mamma will
no:, cive me all the Grape-Nuts I want.
£be says I must eat some beef, and I
don't like it; I juft like Grape-Nuts
better than anything else, with cream on
them. Mamma used to soak them In
water, but now I just eat them dry with
cream on them. If I had ten dollars to
buy Grape-Nuts with I would fill the
big pantry fchelf, then mamma would
give me more. I am six years eld.
With love, and thanking you for making
Grape-Nuts. D. L. F.' "
Her father adds: "Right here I may
gratefully give credit to Grape-Nuts
(which has Jargely taken the place, of
rich, indigestible food in my own, case)
foj curing a distressing catarrh of the
cumach." This father and little girl live
in Truro, \Nova ScotJ'a. ..Name . given "by
Poelum Ct>:.* Eattle Creek, Mich - :f
ARMY TRANSPORT CROOK, WHICH ARRIVED HERE YESTERDAY
FROM NEW, YORK BY "WAY OF MANILA. SHE ONLY STOPPED
HER ENGINES ONCE DURING A VOYAGE OF 20,000 MILES.
-. • . ' r
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Ualted States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official - au
thority of the Superintendent. -
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city , front (Mission-street ' wharf), about
twenty-flv* minutes later than at Fort Point;
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. \
• '¦J'-?. :'.. Wednesday, April '. 2.
Stmr Ruth, Reed, 42 hours from San. Pedro.
.Stmr Navarro, Devitt/- 10 hours from-Stew
arts,. Point. ¦ ' . - • -. -
Strnr Coos Bay, Smith, CO hours ' from - New
port, etc. • . . •-. .
Steamer. , I For., i* _; j Sails.".
Humboidt.... Pkacwav & Way Port*. • A,pr. -4
City Topeka. Skagway & Way! -Ports. | Apr. 6
Farallon Kka»\vay as Way t J utlx.iA. i >r.- : ft
City Seattle. . Sk3gway &>\'Vay ' Ports.fApr. 0-
AI-Ki.. v Fkatrway ft "VVnv Tort*. I Apr'. 1*
Dolphin ...'..'> Skagway & Way Ports. J Apr. . 9
Diilgo ... Skagway &,- Way, Ports.) Apr/ 12
Bertna. ...... Cooks Inlet & Way fts. Apr. lfi
Santa Ana... , Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 15
! Cottage City. ; Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.15
' The schooner Fearless Is chartered for lumber
afFairhaven for Guayznas. '
NEWS OF THE OCEAU".
The Harbor Commissioners at the - meeting
held yesterday afternoon approved the pay roll
for the month of March. It amounted to
$22,273 Co. This Includes $2114 25 for sweepers
and $375 for Janitor eervlce_ln the ferry depot.-
The board also ordered th& payment of $C40C 70
to varioun contractors lor work completed.
R. P. Hale of 410 Minna street, while en
gaged yesterday afternoon in attending a steam
hammer at Chestnut and Montgomery streets,
was struck in tie face by a sliver of steel. His
nose and upper Jaw were fractured and his
right eyeball punctured. His injuries were
treated at ths Harbor Hospital.
The loss of the British ship. Maxwell was yes
terday confirmed In a dispatch received by th»
Merchants' Exchange. She was run Into oft*
Dungencsg by the steamship Patagonia. She
went down almost instantly. The crew was
saved.
The bark Abby Palmer is reported at Algoa
Bay. Her decks had been swept, her deckload
washed ¦ overboard, her bulwarks stove in and
sh« had lost and split a number of sails. She
was from Port Gamble*. I
The steamship Montlcello is at Hay &
WTicht's shipyard being overhauled in prepara
tion for the sun:mer-«*r<-ur>lon business.
Reinsurance on the - Britirh ship Red Rock
wes yesterday advanced to 25 per cent. She is
now out 125 days from the Fraser River for
Lordcn.
The eteamship Centennial cleared yesterday
f«r» Cocks Inlet. She carries 300 laborers for
the canneries.
The whaler Bowhead yesterday cleared and
will start on her cruise as soon as she gets
a crew. ; • -
Captain Christopher Johnson has been trans
ferred from the schooner Alcalde to command
the new steam schooner South Bay. I
Fifty-seven shipowners, representing 510 ves
sels, yesterday Joined In a petition to the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners, asking that
body to retain in the office or assistant chief
wharfinger George H. S. Dryden, the Incum
bent, whose term expires April 7. The ship
owners' petition was indorsed by the water
frort committee of the Chamber of Commerce.
The petition and indorsement, which were
ordered filed, read as follows:
'To the 'Honorable State Board of Harbor
Commissioners, Ferry Building — Gentlemen:
We, the undersigned shipowners of the port- of
San Francisco, recognizing that efficient and
Intelligent handling of vessels on the water
front of this city, especially during the present
congested condition, is a matter of vast Im
portance to the State and city, reflecting credit
upon your regime, expediting the dispatch of
vessels ar.d thus effecting a saving to ships
doing business at this port, respectfully peti
tion your honorable body to retain in office the
present assistant chief wharfinger. George H.
S. Dryden. We have had experience with Mr.
Dryden in his present position and recognize
him as the meet able assistant chief wharfinger
that we have had upon the water front: His
familiarity with vessels and his knowledge or
the wharves insures the economical and satis
factory handling or our interests, especially in
these times of extreme activity In this port.
"For these reasons we strongly urge upon
your honorable board the continuance of Mr.
Dryden in his present position.
"We. the water front committee appointed
by the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
heartily Indorse the above petition for the re
tention In office of George H. B. Dryden.
"JOHN DOLLAR (chairman),
"ROBERT DOLLAR,
"W. H. MARSTON,
"EDWARD E. KENTFIELD."
water Front Rates.
Shipowners Want Dryden.
THE United States army transport
Crook arrived yesterday after a
fast passage from Manila with
part of the Seventeenth Infantry
on board. She brought thirty-two
cabin passengers and had in the steerage
642 men. The majority of the latter be
long to the Seventeenth. The remainder
are casuals, discharged men and Invalids.
The Crook left Manila March 6. arrived
.at Nagasaki March 11 and sailed from th-;
Japanese port for San Francisco March
14. She took quite a southerly course
home and encountered summer weather
throughout the voyage.
This is the first visit of the Crook to
this port. She is a large vessel and has
on board the happiest and - most con
tented company that ever manned a
troopship. Her commander. Captain
Morgan Walcott, is a young man, but only
Captain Lafflin of the Burnside and Cap
tain Willson of the Meade have beeu
longer than he In the transport service.
Walcott has a reputation for courtesy,
that has made the Crook a favorite ship
both with passengers and subordinate
officers.
The Crook was built In 1S83 by —Denny
of Dumbarton, and at her launching was
christened Primrose Hill. She was the
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrograpbio Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Frchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
April 2. 1902.
The Tim» Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charg*.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE. ..
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, APRIL 3.
NOTE — In the above exposition of iho tides
the early morning tides are given In th« left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
additioH" to the soundings cf the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the cherts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
From Manila — A. G. Rose, Mrs. J. F. Cooper,
Miss Cooper. Mrs. A. H. Appel. Miss Appel,
Captain W. C. Wren, Captain L. L. Durfee,
Captain D. P. Cordray, Lieutenants J. E. Bell.
W. H. Clendenin. J. R. Thomas Jr., Betah
Smith and A. R. Balkam, «Dr. C. L. Baker,
Mrs. D. P. Cordray. J. W. Rellly, Mrs. W. H.
Cook. A. L. Upson. Benjamin Smith, Mrs.
Shewbridge, J. Speier. M. Bloomington. E. R.
Talton, Mrs. Leora Day. James Hunter, George
Curtis, Mrs. H. A. Hegeman and child and
G. W. Cannon.
From Nagasaki— Thomas P. Price and Mrs.
F. V. Fisher.
She left New York for Manila Decem
ber 5. After arriving in Manila she was
used in the coasting service until the
beginning of last month, when she start
ed for this port.
Her average speed from Nagasaki was
about twelve knots. Captain Walcott
pays a high tribute to Chief Engineer
Williams." The Crook has compound.en
gines of an old-fashioned type. Under the
careful nursing of Williams they have
been stopped just once, and then for
but five minutes, in a voyage of 20.0D0
miles.
"I always want to say something nice
about Williams." said Captain Walcott,
"he's a marvel."
The cabin passengers who came home
on the Crook were:
The Crook carried her share of fighting
men to Cuba and brought from there the
bodies of the American soldiers killed
during the war. She also brought to
America the Cuban schoolteachers who
spent three months at Harvard Univer
sity, v
first of the twin type and did not
suit the parties for whom she was built.
A syndicate styling Itself the Primrose
Hill Company ran her for awhile between
Glasgow and the Cape. Then the Allan
line bought her, rechristened her Rouma
nian and put her on the run between Liv
erpool and New York. She was engaged
in this trade when Uncle Sam purchased
her, fitted her with new boilers and trans
formed her into a trooper. She has been
in active service ever since.
'BREMEN — Arrived April 2—^Stmr ." Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse. from New York, : via " Ply-
¦HONGKONG-^-Arrlved prior '¦ to ; April 2—
Stmr ¦ Klnshul : Maru,'; from Seattle, via Yoko-'
harna. -.- ¦'¦'-':-¦:-. .••-•; _^ v . •"•'•',' -; '","-. . ¦¦'¦
BRISBANE— Arri\'ed»orlor to April 2— Stmr
Miowera, from > Vancouver, - via - Honolulu, ¦• for
Sydney.'- NSW.;; ¦:.¦-... ¦,;, ¦ •-.-;> :-,..:, • -. .
NEW YORK— Sailed April 2— Stmr St Paul,
for Southampton;; stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool;
stmr Friesland, for 'Antwerp. '- '-
ROTTERDAM— Arrived April 2— Stmr Maas
dam. > from . New .York, via Boulogne-Sur-Mer. "
: SOUTHAMPTON — Anlved April 2— Stmr
Philadelphia, .from; New York. .' ¦
OCEAN' STEAMERS.
, QUEENSTOWN— Arrived 'April 2— Stmr Teu
tonic, .--from New York, for Liverpool, " and pro
ceed gd:tiWK*«aMgS^Wa£aBagBCt<IBi'<^l«|MMilhiga|j
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived March 10— Br
ship Dimsdale, from Caps Barda, to load for
Orecon.. -. - " ' •
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 2— Br ship'
Anglesey, hence Dec 22.
.Sailed April 2 — Ship A G Ropea, for Blrken
head. • ¦¦ . •" : ¦ ' .' -
Arrived .-April 1 — Br ship Clan Buchanan,
hence Dec 18.
. VALPARAISO— Sailed March >. IT — Ger stmr
Herndrt. 1 for 'Hamburg. ' ' •.
BRISTOt^--In roads April 1— Br shlp'AIIer
ton. henco. Nov. 1. for Sharpness. • :
FALMOUTH— Arrived. April 1— Br «h!p El
llsland. hence Nov. 17.. »--. " ¦
NAPLES — Arrived: March 28— Br. stmr Ar
irvll, from Astoria.; ; . . ¦
SAMOA— Sailed r March' 8 — Schr . Winchester,
for San - Francisco. ¦ ' . •
HARWICH — Arrived March ' 30 — Fr bark Col
de Villebois. henre Nov 4: March 31-^-Br ship
Clan- Mackenzie, hence Nov 16. >-.' : % •
CORONEL — Arrived prior to March ,31 — Br
stmr Lady Joirey, from New, York.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to "April 2 — Br stmr
W.lllowdene, • from Suva; Br ship Falls of
Garry, from Manila. * . : . .
' LIZ.ARD — Passed. April 2 — Fr bark Pierre
Lot), honce TJec 7, for Queenstown.
ACAPULCO— Sailed March 28— Stmr New
port,, from Panama.- March 30 — Stmr Aca
pulco, for San Francisco. • . :
CAPE HENRY— Passed in April 1— Ship
Paul Revere, from .Yokohama, for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 1— Br stmr Co
flac. for Valparaiso.
Sailed April . 2 — Stmr American, for. §an
Franci.sco. . / •
EASTERN -PORTS.
¦ ."Wednesday, April 2. ,
Stmr State^ of California, Thomas, "San
Diego.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Coronado, Johnton, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Procreso, Sears, Seattle.
Stmr Argo, Hughes, Port Kenyon.
. Stmr Westport, Erickson, — — .
Stmr Luella. Olsen. ..
"Whaling stmr Beluea. Bodflsh, whaling. \
Bark Martha Davis, McAlman, HHo. /
- Bark Carrollton, Gordon, Port Townaend.
Schr Marie E Smith. Nllsen. Puget Sound.
Schr H D Bendixeen, Olsen, Port Blakeley.
Schr Marlon. Topfer. Tacoma.
SPOKEN. \
Feb 9. lat 21 .S, .Ion 10 W— Br ship East
Indian, from' Oregon,, for Queenatown.
March 12. lat 12 N, Ion 29 W— Ger bark Oc
tavia, from Hamburg, for Santa. Rosalia.
Per stmr Umatilla — March 31, lat: 45 10 N,
Ion 124 80 W, Br sealing schr Beatrice, with
90 sealskins.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Anril 2— Bark Abby Palmer at
Algoa Bay, from Port • Gamble, reports lost
deck load, decks swept,, bulwarks itove ana
lost and split sails. <¦ ¦ '
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 2, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind south, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived ADrll 2— Bktn Chehalls,
hence March IS; schr John A, hence March
22; schr Lizzie Vance, hence March 24.
Sailed April 2 — Br stmr Adato. for Manila;
Br bark Earl Cadoran, for East London; Fr
bark Gen Faidherbe, for Queenstown.
NEW "WHATCOM— Arrived April 2— Jap
stmr Shinano Maru, from Vancouver.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 1— Stmr
Sequoia, hence March 29. ¦¦: , . . • ' .
¦ Arrived April 2 — Schr Henry "Wilson, hence
March 20; schr Llllebonne, hence March 16;
tchr Dauntless, from San Pedro.
I EVERETT — Sailed April 2 — Schr Allen A,
for Makaweli.
BANDON — Arrived April 2 — Schr Coqullle,
hence March 11; schr Conflanza, hence Mar 19.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived April 2— U S Btmr
"Wheeling, hence March 23. ¦ " -. *
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 2— Schr Geo W
Watson, for Fort Blakeley. - »
Arrived April 2— Schr W J Patterson, from
Grays Harbor; Btmr Fulton, from Portland, f
Sailed April 2 — Stmrs Homer, Santa Bar
bara and Iaqua, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived April 1 — Schr Ida Mc-
Kay, hence. March 21;. April 2 — Stmr Santa
Monica, hence April 1; schrs Lottie Carson and
Bertha Dolbeer. from San Pedro; schr J B
Leeds, hence March 25.
Sailed April 2 — Stmrs Newsboy, for San
Francisco. , .
NEAH BAY— Passed In April 2— Schr Wm
Alsen.-hence March; 16. for Puget Sound.
.. Passed out April 2 — Stmr Aztec, from Ta
coma, for San Francisco: Ger stmr Hermon
this, from ' "Seattle, for San Francisco; stmr
Chico, from Tacoma, for Albernl; Br ship M
E "Watson, from Puget Sound, for Callta; bktn
Amaranth, from Vancouver, for Taku; schr
Allen A, from . Sverett, for "Makaweli: schr
Okanosran. from Port ¦ Ludlow, for Hushagak.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 1— Ger^ stmr Her
monthls, for San Francisco. .
Sailed April 2 — Stmr Santa Ana, for San
Francisco.
COOS BAY — Arrived April .¦ 2 — Schr Jennie
Wand, hence March ID. ¦ ' . \
Arrived April 2 — 'Schr Eliza Miller, hence
•March 24; schr John F Miller, hence March
23; schr Gem, hence March : 21 : schr /Glen,
hence March -17: schr Western Home./ hence
March 21; schr Free Trade, hence March 20;
Fchr Emma Utter, from San Pedro;- schr Ivy,
hence March 2."$. - !
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed outward April
2 — Bktn Amaranth, for Taku; schr Okanogan.
for Nushagak; Br shfp M E Watson,- for Cal
lao. ••¦ •
BO WENS LANDING — Arrived April 2 —
Stmr Redwood City, hence April 1.
TACOMA — Arrived April 2 — Stmr Charles
Nelson, from I Seattle.
Sailed . ADril 2 — Srmr • Mackinaw, for San
Fcftncisco. ..
Arrived ADrll, 2— Stmr Selkirk, from Van
couver; U,S stmr Pawtucket. from Port Or
chard; ship Dashing Wave, hence March 15.
. "Wednesday, April 2.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. . .
Stmr Centennial. Strand, Cooks Inlet; Paci
fic Packing & Nav Co.
,- Stmr Columbia, Doran. • Astoria; ¦ Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co. . . -
Whaling stmr Bowhead, Cook, whaling; J A
Cook. .-.-¦• ¦• - "
Sch>- Araco, Mclntosh, codfishing; Lynde &
Hough Co. ---V»' ¦ i*
\ SAILED. '
CLEARED.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 61 hours from vic
toria.
Stmr Melville Dollar, Gow, 28% houra from
Santa Barbara. -
Stmr Coqullle River,' Johnson,'. 20 hours from
Fort Brass. V"-- .
U S stmr Crook, Wolcott, 28 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 20 days.
Schr Mary Buhne, Danneviff, .4 days from
Eureka.
¦.• ., ..-. r --. .
Developments on the Comstock lode are
expected to receive a new impetus as soon
as the new pumping apparatus is in
stalled. The lode, which has led the world
in its adaptation of new processes in min
ing, will be the first in which pumping
,by electricity at such a depth. or on so
huge . a scale has been 'attempted.' The
order for the >. new machinery was | given
some weeks ago. The apparatus will be
delivered "at" the mine about the middle of
June, and by August the big pumps will
be at work. ,
To empty the main shaft to the 2150-foot
level a pipe of that length, discharging by
a jet into a pipe 500 reet long with one
outlet - into the Sutro tunnel, has been
successfully used. The normal flow of
water in the mine, 3000 gallons a minute,
has been easily controlled. It is now the
purpose to extend the pipe from the sur
face down to the 2500-foot level, and to
Install at the 2150-foot level three .duplex
double-acting Reidler pumps, each with a
capacity of 1500 gallons a minute, and all
three discharging through a fourteen-inch
pipe 4500 gallons each minute into the
Sutro tunnel. The twelve-inch jet pipe
will gradually be extended until the base,
of the shaft is reached. The water at
thi3 level will be discharged into a tank
at the 2150-foot level, where it will be
handled by the pumps. v
The electricity i for hoisting and pump*
ing will be supplied by the Truckee River
Electrical Transmission Company plant,
thirty miles distant from thevmine. The
cost of the new pumping apparatus will
be about $50,000. '
Three Giant Machines to Be
Electrically Driven Are
x on Way.
New Pump3 to Lift the
Water From Deep
Levels.
Brings Remainder of Seventeenth Infantry.From the ; Phil
ippines—Trooper Has a Record for Important Service
Rendered on the Atlantic Side During Spanish War
FOR DRAINING
THE COMSTOCK
TRANSPORT CROOK ENDS LONG TRIP
WITH SWIFT VOYAGE FROM NAGASAKI
THIRTY MEN SINK
WITH A SEALER
Victoria Schooner Zillah
May Capsizes Off
Flattery.
Special ' Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA^ April 2.— The ; government
telegraph operator at . Cape ' Bgale wired
this morning that Indians arriving from
Neah Bay, on the American side, brought
news .that the sealing schooner. Zlilah
May, of this port, • had capsized off Cape
Flattery w and that eleven hands had been
lost. The disaster was reported at Neah
Bay by a pilot boat. The Indians at Uclu
let are greatly excited over the news, as
the crew* of the schooner was shipped at
that place.
-The accident, according to the Indian
story, is supposed to have occurred nine
or ten days ago. ; The Zlllah May was
owned by the Victoria Sealing Company,
and was in command of Captain Harry
Balcom, a brdther of her former owner,
Captain S. Balcom. She carried a crew of
seven white men, including the captain,
and twenty-one . Indian hunters. j
DAMAGES AWARDED FOR
A MARITIME COLLISION
Against j Steamship Columbia by
Several ' Thousand Dollars Assessed
Commissioner Morse.
United States Commissioner George E.
Morse filed his report yesterday in the
United States District Court In the mat
ter of .the claims of certain persons
against the steamship Columbia tor dam
ages sustained ; by them in a collision be
tween the- Columbia and the schooner J.
tipplnger, on July 2,. 1898. The Commis
sioner appraises the .value of the Eppin
ger before the collision -at $5500 and her
value after she was. abandoned as a
wreck' at $65. He makes the following
awards: , ' • .
To J. ¦ F. Colstrup and H. A. Richardson,
owners ' of the schooner, $0660 04, which In
cludes Interest; to Colstrup for loss of personal
property, $473 77; to Hans Olsen for personal
property. $132; to Hans Laraen, ditto, $396 33;
to Conrad A. Schellpepper, ditto, $54 82; to
Matts Brander, $83 01, and to Arthur Jensen,
$103 08. - s, .
Benefit Entertainment for Church.
The i parishioners of St. A&nes parish
•will give an entertainment for the benefit
of the church this evening in. the Alham
bra Theater. It 13 intended to move St.
Agnes from Us present location
on'Masonic avenue to a new position on
Page 'street, adjoining the parochial resi
dence. : :
mouth and Cherbourg; stmr Rheln, from New
ANTWERP— Arrived - Auril 2 — Stmr Switz
erland, from Philadelphia. „„,.,•
BOULOGNE— Sailed April 1— Stmr Palatia,
from Hamburs, for New York, and passed
SC LIVERPO0L— Sailed C Aprll 2-Stmr Buenos
Ayrean. for St Johns, N F. Halifax and Phila
delphia. : ' . :
Notice to Mariners.
COLUMBIA RIVER BAR,
Notice is hereby given of the following
changes in the buoyage of this district, which
affect the List of. Beacons send Buoys, Pacific
Coast. 1002:
Columbia River— Ship channel across the bar
as far as Aetorla, Oregon, pages 50. 51 and 52.
North channel— The whistler, outer buoy.
("M. S.") and bar buoy will be Ieft-ln their
present positions and will not be moved to the
northward and placed An range with Cape Dis
appointment light, as was Intended when notice
to mariners of February 7, 1002, waa issued
from this office.
Inner buoy, a black and white perpendicu
larly'striped first-class can was moved March
20 into thirty-one feet of water to mark the
turning point in the channel for vessels enter
ing by either the north or south channel on
the following bearings: Cape Disappointment
Lighthouse. NNE. % E (easterly) 2Y* miles.
Point Adams Lighthouse, old tower, BSE. %
K (easterly). North Head Lighthouse. N. by
W. (northerly).
Clataop Spit buoy No. 8, a red first-class nun,
was moved March 19 into forty-five feet of
water, and marks the northern edge of Clat
sop Spit, which is growing to the northward,' on
the following bearings: Outer end Fort Colum
bia wharf, xENE. % E. Fort Stevens wharf
post light, ESE. % E. Cape Disappointment
Lighthouse. NW. % W. (westerly).
Turning buoy, a black and white perpendicu
larly striped first-class can was discontinued
March 20 as being no longer needed.
WASHINGTON.
Willapa Bay. main channel across the bar
and up the Willapa River, . page 68. Outer
buoy, a black and white perpendicularly
striped, first-class can marked "W. B."- In
white, is reported March 24 as having gone
adrift from its position. It will be replaced
as early as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY.
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
THE SATSV FRA1TOISGQ CALL, THURSDAY, AFK1JL 3, 1902.
10
cuii x wca • •
Sun sets
Mocn riecs ..2:33 j
D Time Time Time ITlme
»¦ Ft. Ft. Ft.
« L W H W L W H W
3 1:20 2.9 7:0C 4.3 1:40 1.1 8:46
4 2:09 2.5 8:]:» 4.4 2:30 1.1 9:20
0 2:55 2.0 0:10 4.7 3:14 1.2 9:52
C. 3:30 .1.5 10:02 4.0 3:51 ' 1.8 10:24
7 4:21 O.it 10:54 r-.O 4:341 1.5 10:58
8 5:051 0.5111 :4fi 5.11 5:14! 1.7111:20
0 5:49] 0.1112:40 4.91 ,5:551 2.11
• G:34
i. m.
Ft.
4.7
4.9
6.1
5.3
B.4
I 5.5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Empire Coos Bay .JApr. 3
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 3
Point Arena.. Point Arena Apr. 8
Iaq'ua 'San Pedro .'. Apr. 4
Aztec ...iTacoma Apr. 4
Hermonthis.. {Seattle Apr. 4
Pleiades , Seattle Apr. 4
Sta. Barbara. San Pedro Apr. 4
Mackinaw... Tacoma Apr. 4
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 5
Edith Seattle Apr. 5
Hong. Maru. China and Japan. Apr. 5
G. W. Elder. . Portland '& Astoria. ... Apr. 5
Bonita Newport & Wav Ports.. Apr. 5
Colombia.... Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. 6
Tltania. . . . ~« Nanaimo Apr. 0
State of Cal.. San Diego & ,Way Pts. Apr.' «
Chehalls Grays Harbor ... Apr. tf
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 0
Santa Monica Humboldt Apr. 6
Arcata , Coos Bay & Port Orford. Apr. 7
Kureka j Humboldt .....: Apr. 7
Alliance (Portland & Way Ports. Apr. .7
G. Dollar Grays Harbor I Apr. .7
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports... . .(Apr. 7
Acapulco.... Panama <<fc Way Ports. 'Apr. 7
Rival WIHapa Harbor .. .|Apr. T
Sequoia Grays Harbor. Apr. ; S
Coo* Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 9
North Fork.. Humboldt Apr. 1Q
"Columbia Portland & Astoria Apr.'ll)
Corcnado Grays Harbor Apr. 11
Rainier Seattle Sc> Whatcom ....Apr. 12
Nev/Uurg Grays Harbor ¦. Apr. 12
Quec-n Puget Sound Ports. .... Apr 12
Steamer. 1
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
April 3.
Phoenix.... MendocirA Citv '.. *3 paj Pier 13
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J.S.Kimball Seattle «Vc Tacomu.. 10 am Pier -
April 4. .
Lakme A&toria A Portland. 0 am Pier 2
Empire.... Coos . Bay .....12 m Pier 13
Mandalay.. Coqullle River...;.. 10 am|Pler 2
Xorth Fork. Humouldt '. u annPler "¦
Eureka.... Humboldt 0 am | Pier 13
Coos Bay.. San Pedro ¦& Way. u ami Pier 11
' April. 5. i _|
Iaqua Humboldt |10 am|Pler 28
Ho. Arena., roint Arena j 2 l'lnit'ier z
Eureka...'. Honolulu t. Seattle.) P'pmlPler '
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul] 3 pm|Pler 20
April <t.
Spokane... Pan Ol*en *¦ Wnv.J <\ am'Plor 11
L'inatllla Puget Sound Ports.|ll amlPler 8
April 7. i i
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30 p|Pler 9
Curacao... Mexican Ports ;... 10 amlPler 11
April 8. I
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m|Pier 13
lionlta Newport &. Way i^tai a amiPier 11
G. Elder.'.*; Astoria &' Portlandlll am|Pler 24
Gaelic •. China & Japan | 1 pmlPMSS
City Sydne> Panama & Way Pts|12 - mJPMSS
Hermonthla Hamburg & 'Way. [Pier ¦
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 5 X 5'pm|l'ler -2
April 1). >" r | . i
G. Iiollar.. Grays Hcrbor....:. 5 piTj|Pler 2
Ulval Wlllapa Harbor...-. 5 pm|Pler 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. 0 am | Pier 11
Aiiidiict.-. .. Portland & Way r'ts ..;.". . Pi e r
April 10. /
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 - tn|Plfr 10
S;erra Sydney & Tv'ay Pts. 10 am Pier- 7
Santa Ana. Seattle *¦ Tai-oraa.. 10 am Pier 2
. April 11. - .
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
April i;i.
Corcnado. . Grays Harbor; . .... 5 pm Pier , 2
Steamer. 1
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
April 3.
Phoenix.... MendocirA Citv '.. *3 paj Pier 13
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J.S.Kimball Seattle «Vc Tacomu.. 10 am Pier -
April 4. .
Lakme A&toria A Portland. 0 am Pier 2
Empire.... Coos . Bay .....12 m Pier 13
Mandalay.. Coqullle River...;.. 10 am|Pler 2
Xorth Fork. Humouldt '. u annPler "¦
Eureka.... Humboldt 0 am | Pier 13
Coos Bay.. San Pedro ¦& Way. u ami Pier 11
' April. 5. i _|
Iaqua Humboldt |10 am|Pler 28
Ho. Arena., roint Arena j 2 l'lnit'ier z
Eureka...'. Honolulu t. Seattle.) P'pmlPler '
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul] 3 pm|Pler 20
April <t.
Spokane... Pan Ol*en *¦ Wnv.J <\ am'Plor 11
L'inatllla Puget Sound Ports.|ll amlPler 8
April 7. i i
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30 p|Pler 9
Curacao... Mexican Ports ;... 10 amlPler 11
April 8. I
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m|Pier 13
lionlta Newport &. Way i^tai a amiPier 11
G. Elder.'.*; Astoria &' Portlandlll am|Pler 24
Gaelic •. China & Japan | 1 pmlPMSS
City Sydne> Panama & Way Pts|12 - mJPMSS
Hermonthla Hamburg & 'Way. [Pier ¦
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 5 X 5'pm|l'ler -2
April 1). >" r | . i
G. Iiollar.. Grays Hcrbor....:. 5 piTj|Pler 2
Ulval Wlllapa Harbor...-. 5 pm|Pler 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. 0 am | Pier 11
Aiiidiict.-. .. Portland & Way r'ts ..;.". . Pi e r
April 10. /
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 - tn|Plfr 10
S;erra Sydney & Tv'ay Pts. 10 am Pier- 7
Santa Ana. Seattle *¦ Tai-oraa.. 10 am Pier 2
. April 11. - .
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
April i;i.
Corcnado. . Grays Harbor; . .... 5 pm Pier , 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Empire Coos Bay .JApr. 3
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 3
Point Arena.. Point Arena Apr. 8
Iaq'ua 'San Pedro .'. Apr. 4
Aztec ...iTacoma Apr. 4
Hermonthis.. {Seattle Apr. 4
Pleiades , Seattle Apr. 4
Sta. Barbara. San Pedro Apr. 4
Mackinaw... Tacoma Apr. 4
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 5
Edith Seattle Apr. 5
Hong. Maru. China and Japan. Apr. 5
G. W. Elder. . Portland '& Astoria. ... Apr. 5
Bonita Newport & Wav Ports.. Apr. 5
Colombia.... Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. 6
Tltania. . . . ~« Nanaimo Apr. 0
State of Cal.. San Diego & ,Way Pts. Apr.' «
Chehalls Grays Harbor ... Apr. tf
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 0
Santa Monica Humboldt Apr. 6
Arcata , Coos Bay & Port Orford. Apr. 7
Kureka j Humboldt .....: Apr. 7
Alliance (Portland & Way Ports. Apr. .7
G. Dollar Grays Harbor I Apr. .7
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports... . .(Apr. 7
Acapulco.... Panama <<fc Way Ports. 'Apr. 7
Rival WIHapa Harbor .. .|Apr. T
Sequoia Grays Harbor. Apr. ; S
Coo* Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 9
North Fork.. Humboldt Apr. 1Q
"Columbia Portland & Astoria Apr.'ll)
Corcnado Grays Harbor Apr. 11
Rainier Seattle Sc> Whatcom ....Apr. 12
Nev/Uurg Grays Harbor ¦. Apr. 12
Quec-n Puget Sound Ports. .... Apr 12
cuii x wca • •
Sun sets
Mocn riecs ..2:33 j
D Time Time Time ITlme
»¦ Ft. Ft. Ft.
« L W H W L W H W
3 1:20 2.9 7:0C 4.3 1:40 1.1 8:46
4 2:09 2.5 8:]:» 4.4 2:30 1.1 9:20
0 2:55 2.0 0:10 4.7 3:14 1.2 9:52
C. 3:30 .1.5 10:02 4.0 3:51 ' 1.8 10:24
7 4:21 O.it 10:54 r-.O 4:341 1.5 10:58
8 5:051 0.5111 :4fi 5.11 5:14! 1.7111:20
0 5:49] 0.1112:40 4.91 ,5:551 2.11
• G:34
i. m.
Ft.
4.7
4.9
6.1
5.3
B.4
I 5.5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
211 Montgomery St., S. F.
.1 el. Main 87.
WYCKOFF^ SEAMANS& BENEDICT
1 "^"^^"^"^™ ural interest In
the reputation of our machine.' .
Good work and
prompt service
guaranteed by
our superior fa-
cllltiesand nat-
*X Per month
'.'. % s, and up.'"-
Remington
typewriters
ON RENTAL
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are especially valu-
able for catarrhal colds in children because they
are pleasant to the taste and may b« used
freely to break up severe colds and croup at
the very beginning.
Dr. Wair-wrlgkt says: "I never hetitate to
prescribe Stuaifs Catarrh Tablets for catarrhal
headaches and catarrhal deafness because I
know them to be perfectly rafe for cbild or
adult and have s*en many remarkable) curts
resulting from their regular daily use; because
they are advertised aqd sold' in drug stores- it
no reason why any eood phyrician should "not
use them because we should wize uj on the
means of cure wherever found."
Dr. Eamsdell. in commenting on catarrh
cures, says: "I can heartily recommend
Smart's Catarrh Tabiets. because they contain
no cocaine nor other dangerous drug found in
eo many advertised catarrh cures. 1 have
known of many cases of Ions standing catarrh
of the head ar.d throat completely cured
by the daily use of there tablets for several
weeks. One case in particular, which I could
not reach with an inhaJsr or spray and where
the catarrh caubed daily headaches and a
noticeable loss of hearing, was entirely cured
by this harmless but effective remedy."
Stuart's Catarrh Tabiets is the best remedy
to remove catarrha! secretion, whether In the
ncse. throat or stomach, because they are com-
• posed of wholesome antiseptics. Blood Root,
Red Gum from Eucalyptus tree, etc. When you
ut-e thete tablets you kffbw what you are put-
tir.g Into your system and are not taking chances
with cocaine, opiates cr similar poisons found
In so many catarrh cures and cough medic! ik-m.
Nearly all cheap cough mixtures and throat
lozenges contain opiates; these cheap medlcinefc
give a temporary relief, especially with little
children, by destroying: nerve sensation; the
irritation in throat, which causes coughing, is
temporarily removed, not by removing the
cause, but by deadening the nerves of feeling
the irritation !b not felt although It is still
there and will promptly return.
Catarrh Tablets, which they sell at 50 cents for
full sized treatment, is th« safest, most ef-
fective and popular of all catarrh remedies.
A Simpl3 Internal Remedy
Makes Remarkable Cures
of Catarrh.
People who have used sprays. Inhalers, salves
end Tvashes for catarrh and have found how
useless and inconvenient they are, will be
agreeably surprised at results following the
use of a pleasant, internal rsmedy in tablet
form; druggists everywhere adroit that Stuart'*
Surprising Results
PAINE'S CEIiERY COMPOUND.
The Dregs and After- Results
i of Terrible Gripps
Lead to Consnmptlon and
Other Fatal Troubles.
Paine's Celery
Compound
Saves a Former Member of the
Indiana Legislature.
This is the Season to Use
the Great Medicine if You -
Would Banish the Seeds
of Disease Prom the
System.
On every hand we see men and women
who at .this season should be active, hale
and strong:, losing: flesh and weight, look-
Ing pale and languid. We hear them
complain of weakness, pain in the chest,
I backache and sideache. Their friends
note with alarm the pale cheeks and
sunken eyes; the color of the skin gives
evidence of blood impurities.
Ah! reader, these are all indications
that the deadly dregs of grippe have per-
meated the whole system, distributing
poisons and impurities In blood and tis-
sues. ' ¦ . /
Act at once with wisdom and decision;
you cannot afford - to lose precious time
experimenting with medicines that have
no reputation, that have no positive vic-
tories to their credit. .
Heaven help you to use the life saver
that rescued and saved Mr. Stephenson.
While in a perilous condition of health
providence truly directed Mr. Stephen-
son to make use of Paine's Celery Com-
pound. The first bottle produced a -mar-
velous and happy effect; his life blood
was being freshened and enriched; his ap-
petite was improved; strength was taking
the place of weakness, and the. ruddy
tinge of health was apparent in the once
pale face. Mr. D. T. Stephenson of Pilot
Knob, Ind., writes as follows:
"Some years ago while serving as a
member of the Indiana Legislature I con-
tracted a severe case of grippe, and was
run down and completely out of sorts and
found but little relief from any remedy
until I tried Paine's- Celery . Compound.
The first ¦ bottle did me wonderful and
marked good, and its continued use,for a
short time restored me to my usual vigor
and freshness. Tour Paine's Celery Com-
pound has been used by my family since
then for general prostration of the sys-
tem with the most gratifying results.
Paine's Celery Compound Is a great quiet-
er and restorer of the nerves to their
normal condition: indeed, its action on
the " nerves and nerve centers has been
most gratifying In my case."
fliamnnrl Rwpq color anvthIn * anv color - 1
UldlUUIIU UjCO Simple, durable, economical
Eye Glasses are fitted with fl
iOUBLE GRIP 6UAR0S i
<Patented.) ' Kj
Which - never slip nor tilt, m
and do not wound the nose U
V 642% arket StvV
BAIIWAY TBAVEL.
Sahta Fe ~~~~.
I PamS— Daily.
* Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local' Llm'd Ovrl'i Local
Daily Dally Daily Dally
Lv San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 8:11 ft
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35p 3:15 a 10:30 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
"Vlsalla... 3:39 p 5:00a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
"Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago..! "2:15 p 9:00 p
a tor morning, p tor aitemoon.
u:CO a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace- Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation nf
local flrst-class passengers. No second-
- class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. ually.
: 4:20 p. m.\is Stockton. Merced and Fresm
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m daily. ' - . . . '
'8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: aUo
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding traip arrives at 8:00 p. m.
• 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
' Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
•Depot. San Francisco;- 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. . " ¦ ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
\^ . Via Sausailt> Fzrr/
Commencing September 20. 1901.
FROM SAN, FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
I -¦ AND SAN RAFAEL. N
1 WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. *9:30. 11: iOO" a. m ,
! *1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15, »6:15. 0:45 p. m.
i EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
tiat 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. .
1 SUNDAYS— *S:0O. 9:00. *10:00, '11:30 a. m
•1:15, 3:16. "4:45, 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
¦! -Trains market (*)"run to San Quentin.
, FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
! WEEK DAYS— •5:25.«:27. 7:45. 8:35, 10:15
: a. m., '12:25. 2:15. *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. v
I EXTRA ' TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
i and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m. \
*, (SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00, ,*10:00, »11:45 a. m.
t »l:40. *3:15. 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
1 Trains markefl (•) start from San Quentin.
! FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
a WEEK DAYS— 5:45. (1:45,- 7:55, 8:55. 10-30
| a. m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m.>
| ..EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. .Wednesdays
! and Saturdaj-3 at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
¦ SUNDAYS— 8:C5. .10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2-15
3:30. 5:C0, 6:45 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAILS.
. ,6:55 ar'.mi week days — Cazadero and way
stations. • . _:. .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
j 8:00 a. m.' Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
I stations.
! Fairfax, Sundays — S:00. 0:00, 10:00, 11-30
j a. m. - .
j Legal Holiday boats and trains, will run on
¦ I Sunday time. ¦ '
j nOUNTy TAMALPAI5 KAILWAV
; Leave ¦ Via Sausalito Ferry ~Amve ~
¦'!• San Fran. Foot ctf Market St. Sm Fran.
¦ F»™. S«n Ft«3rf«r« t<- Summit «nd IUh.ro. II SO.
. ° TWut OflcM, «U UA&XET 2TXKIT wd &AOSAU10 max.
I ; y^*^ r » Gibbon's Dispensary,
ffl^gJffl 62t) KEAKXY ST. Established
fiH«^^*SjKMivIS34 fortlie treatment of I'rivnte'
' j ffliMB? P. 1 "* »^ K - '•"¦"t JJaiituHXi. Debility or
- TjlllllfiifM.IIKft' 1 '***"*'* wearinron body anil mlnrt and
: : Diseases. Tlie Doctor cures when '
n( hers fail. - Try him. I'luirgcn low.
v**i«iaH*4£f)L£B<'Mi"^» eunrnnlrrd. L':ill or wriie.
Dr. J. F. tilBBON, Uan Francisco, Cal.
BAH.WAY TBAVEEfc
¦ 1^^ g|
Solid Comfort
CHICAGO
TO
NEW YORK
Three
Trains
Daily
Enquire of year nearest Railroad
TIcket.Ajent or write
OEO. A. CULLEN
Cen'l Western Pass'r Agent
. 103 Adams Street, Chicago
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrlTe at
SAN JFRAN'CISCO. .
(Slain Line, Foot of Market Sfrect )
hate — Fbom Mabch 30. 1S02. — aicritb
7.00a BeoiciA, Suisun, Elmira and Sacra-
•— -- n»ento 6-55r
7.00a "Vacavllle.. "Winters, Rumsey 7.56*
7.30a Martinez, San F.aunon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga. Santa Rosa 6-ZSr
800a. Davis, Woodland, Knights LanAlng,
Marysvllle, Orovllle 7-B5*
8.00 a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a NUes, Lathrop, Stockton.. 7.25*
800a NUes, Memiota, Hanford, Vlsalla,
PortcrvlUe 4.55*
8- 30a Shasta Express— Davla, Williams
v (*or Bartlett Springs), "Willows,
> Red Bluff, Portland 7-5&P
8 30*. San Jose, Llvermore, Stockton,
i lone. Sacramento, Placervllle, •
, A- BlarysTillc. Chico, Red Bluff 425f
8.30a Oak(lale,Chlnese,Sonora,Taolumne 425p
9.00a Vallejo 12.25?
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced,
Fresno and Los Angeles 825a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7-65F
MO.OOa Hayward. NUes and Way Stations. tl2-55*
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha, Chicago B.ZSf
t1-00p Sacramento IHver Steamers tH-OQ?
3-OQr B*nicia, Winters, Sacramento,
"Woodland. " Knights Landing.
Maryavllle, Orovlilc... 10.55a
5-30p Hayward, Nlles and "Way Stations.. 7-55p
4 OOp Martlnez,San Karaon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga, Smta Rosa 9.25a
4007 Xilcs, Livennore, Stockton, Lodi.. 12.25?
4.30p IIayward,Nilc!.SanJosc.Llvermore t8.55A
4-3QP The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
BakersSeld, Saujius for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
6-OOp PortCosta/l'racy.Lathrop.Stockton 10.25 a .
6.00P Martinez. Autlucb, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno.... 12-25F
t530p NilesLocal 7.25a
6.00p Hay ward. 21 lies and San Jose 7.55 a
tS.00r V»ll«:Jo 11.25a
G.CQp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Lonis. Chicago 4. 25?
7.00? San Pal>lo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
J7.00p Vallejo : 7.65*
8.05r Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, MurysvUie, Redding,
Portland. Fugei Sound and East. 8.65a
t9.10r Ilayward and Nilea ...-. J11.65A
j COAST LINE Oarrow Gauge).
(Foot ui MurSret Street.) '
, 8.15a Newark, CectervUle, Ban Jose.
I .. Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and "Way Stations 6.507
[ t2-15P Newark, CenterTllle. San Jose,
I • . ' New Almaden, Felton, Boulder :
! - Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
; 'Way Stations 10.50a
| 4.1 5p Newark. Saa Job* 1 . Los Gatos....... t8.50A
! o9.30r Hunters' Tr i!u — San Jose and "Vnty
; __ J: Buttons '. t7.2Qy -
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KKANC1SCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
« — t7:15 9:C0 11:00 a.m. 1X0 3X0 5.15 p.m.
| From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:00 $8:00
tS:05 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 2C0 4-00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Hanife).
(Third ana Townscnd Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and AVuy Stations 6.40a
7 C0a San Jose and Way Stations +8-C0a
7.00a New Almaden /4.1O
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Gllroy, Salinas, San Luis Obispo.
Sitnta Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-45*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz,
Pacinc Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Obispo end Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations .-..; 4.10y
10.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 8. 38 a
! 1130a San Jose : and Way Stations 9.48a
t2.45r San Matco, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, ban Jose,
Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, '.¦>.•¦-;-.
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Urove 110.45a
3-30p San Jose and Way Stations 1.30?
*+4.15p San Jose and Principal Way Station* 5.30*
4.50 p Sunset Llmlunl— Monday, April 7th. "
14th. 21st, for Los Angeles. El
Paso.New Orleans and New York.
Last train leaves New Orleans
April Htn 10.15a
tS.OOP Ssn Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
. Way Stations . ...T>>v^. t900A
5-30p San.Jovi>ndPrir.cipalW»>Statlon« 630p
i 6.30P San Jose and Way Statlons..>v 7.30F
7. OOP New Orleans Express — San Luis
Obtspo, Santa Barbara. Los An* -
geles. Penitnst, El Paso, New
Orleans and East 11.30a
«11.45p San Jose and Way Stations 7. 30t
" ~ A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
I t Snnday excepted. t Snnday only.
i q Satorday only. /Tuesdays and Frtdaya.^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FBANCISCO AHD NORTH PAC1F13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Markat SS.
Gan Francisco to San Rataa!.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
. 3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thuxsdays^ — Eitr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays^ — Extra lrlt«
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
STJNDAYS-^8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:36u
&:0O. 0:20 p. m. y
b.an t^afacl t~> Snn Francisco.
WEEK DA Y&— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.1
12:45. 3:4a 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extr»
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m. - . . .-¦¦¦-
Leave 1 la Effect j Arrlva
San Francisco. J Apr. 2S. 1001 1 Saa Francisco.
1 Week I Sun- I - I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination | days. [ Days.
7:30am] S:00am| Novato. 10:40am| 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30axn( Petaluma, 6:05pm'l0:25aa»
6:10pm[ 5 : 00pm |. Santa Rosa. T:35pm| 8:20pra
, Fulton, 1 ~ ~~
7:30am Windsor, - 10:23am
6:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geysorvllle.
S :30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25ara
3 :30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6 :20pm
V:30am * 10:40am 10:25am
8 :00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm e:20pm
~7 :30am 8:00ani Sonoma 0:15am 8:40ara
and
£ :10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am) 8:00am) ! : -', \ |10:40amll0:25an»
3 :30pm| S:0Cpm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm( 6:20pm,
,~Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lyttoa for Lytton Springs; at
I Oeyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdafo
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
| Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. CarU-
[ bad SprlnK3, Soda Bay. ¦ Lakeport. and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs. Bltae Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights." Hullville. Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. . Westport, UsaL
Wtllits, Laytonville. Cummins. Bell's Sprlnjal
Harris. ¦ Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rates.'viBiWwMBMpI
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of flee, «550 Market street. Chronicle
building.' -'WNHtaj ' :
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYA1T. ..
Gen /'Manager. G»n. Pass. Axt.
Weekly Gi 11.09 ser Year
A Miraculous
JFeat. ;..¦¦¦'
"It seemed that nothing short
of a miracle could save my little
daughter from an untimely:
death," says City : Marshall A.
H. Malcolm, of Cherokcc.Kan.
" When two years' old she was
taken with stomach and bowel
trouble and despite the efforts
of the best physicians we could
procure, she grew gradually
worse and was pronounced in •
curable. A friend advised
iutek* Nervine
• and after giving it a few days
she began to improve and final-
ly fully recovered. .She is now"
past five ; years of age and the
very /picture of health."
Sold by- all Drueslsts.
Dr. Miles Medics] Co.. Elkhart, IntJ.EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO.'' April 2. — Many things contrib
uted to the strength shown.. in; wheat. ,.- North
western receipts were small,: the weather was
coM and the interior' and , Northwestern ele
vators reported decreased stocks. There wera
also some doubu existing as to the, outcome
of the winter crop. Seeding was reported back
ward, and the freezing weather has been par
alysing the growth • of : wheat.. Cables,. were"
much lower. There was a" slight dip- In prices
after a fairly" firm opening. , Both the' North
west and Southwest were higher and bought
liberally here.'- There was additional buying
by tho bull crowd that has been' manipulating-
July corn. Cash trade was improved and sam
ple people reported that indications pointed tb
,v/nrd a resumption of export business. ¦ May
opened V4®%c higher at 71 % ©71 %c. eased to
71%c and- then'rose to 72%c. .May closed firm,
%ifr%c up at 72c. ' , - - ¦¦¦: ,
Corn '.trade was disappointingly slack. . The
big manipulators in July options were not In
evidence and the market settled into its nor
mal condition. .Cash .conditions .helped -the
market , materially, though ¦ -? cables
were odmowhat depressing." May - closed " firm,
%6 up, at'COVic. • , . \>,j. .: ;• , ,
Oats were' dull, but fairly, steady. : Cash
strength ''arid the tone of .the. : other- pits In
fluenced better buying than" selling. 3j May ' sold
42c and 42 %c ; and • closed : firm,'%c
iip at the latter figure. . ; .. • '¦ . ¦ • . '
': Provisions' were fairly active- to-day,';' and
showed • marked strength. A .large 'cash'busi
nccc at .Western points was reported and* paok
>rs \ bought 'liberally; of- lard tind trlbs.'f- As ;of
late pork was . the v v most^actlv.e 11 ,' product -and
showed the . best tone. May pork closed 17%c
, Exchange arid Bullion^
Sterling Exchange, CO days ..... — $4 8G%
Sterling Cables, sight .::.'. " -^ 4'8S%'
Sterling Cables ...,......' — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight..... .'¦ — 12%
New York, Exchange, telegraphic — - 15
Silver, per ounce — , 53%
Mexican" Dollars, nominal. ..'...' — " "45%
Wheat and Other Grains. • "
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed. Ilttla
change. Acconling to Broomhall's- estimate
BrltiEh stocks were 6,000,000 bushels less than
at this time last year and Continental stocks
2,500,000 bushels' less. Chicago reported that
Interior warehouse' stocks in , the Northwest
were now only about 2,225,000 bushels, • a- de
crease of 3.COO.00O in March.-.'-';'-
The Government Weather and Crop Bulletin
for Ma'rch reported : a marked improvement in
winter wheat during the month. I Minneapolis
reported heavy trading in Flour. I The Chicago
market was firm, with the Northwest buying
freely. ' Otherwise there - was nothing new. ¦
• In this market futures-were firmer, but cash
wheat was unchanged.. • ' ','
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10; milling,
$1 11V4@1 13%, per- ctl. i -• < ¦ •. •
CALL BOARD SALES. v ..-
Informal Session-*-9:15 o'clock — No sales.
¦ Second Session- — No sales. . :
Regular. Morning . Session — December— 22,000
ctle, $1 08V4. May— 12,000, $1 09%. : , •
Afternoon Session — No sales. ¦ • . --v .-. ¦
BARLEY — Tho market continues its slow ad
vance and the best feed- brought 97%c yester
day. Stocks are light all-over the coast, as al
ready mentioned. ¦ ..' • . ,' - - . - ¦ ¦ •
¦Feed, 96V4@97%c for No. 1 and 92%@95c for
off 'Grades; brewing and shipping grades, 98%c
@$1 ; Chevalier, 05c@$l 20 per ctl..,- ; •
:-. . -U CALL BOARD SALES. •; tf-3.-.
-Informal Sesslon-^-9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second ¦ Session-^No sales. ¦,- ,. ¦ ;,
Regular Morning Session — December-^4000
ctls,.78%c; 2000, ,78%c; .4000,' 78%c. May— 6000
03%c. . : . '.:•..¦.¦¦ •,-.-;. .:.- . ¦ - v •
• Afternoon Session — No sales...
OATS — Rather more demand is reported, at
firm but unchanged prices.. ¦ .. , ;: „.-
Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites. $1 30@145; Sur
prise. $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@132%; red,
$1 30@l 42% per, ctl. . . .-. .*>:,.;
CORN — There is nothing new to report in thia
market. - ?¦''-**"•"' "' '¦¦¦'. ¦ •£¦*;¦'-.¦ '-¦-. •-.
. Large • Yellow, $1 35@1 45; email , round do.
$1 35@1 50: white. $1 35@1 45 per. ctl. -
RYE — 92%@95c per ctl: ;:.". - . .
; BUCKWHEAT-^uoted . at ¦ $1 65@1 75 per
ctl-v. ¦ . .".' : .""'¦' - ¦., , ,- i;. .¦¦.¦-,:
¦Flour and- Millstuifs. ¦ ¦
FLOUR-^-California' Family ' Extras, $3 50®
3 75, j usual terms; , Bakers' 3 Extras, I $.14003 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25; per; barrel : for family; and
$3@3 50 'for Bakers';'' Washington^ Bakers',' $3
@$3 50. "•-. —:. ;• '•-":. r .'.- -.:¦' ¦'-: •,...-.-.:-.¦
;."--,. MILLSTUFFS^-Prices . in sacks .'are 'ps j fol
lows, ~''j usual -, discount- to 'the trade :~~i Graham
FIour,"$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; 'Rye Meal,
$2 75;,Rice Flour,: $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream- do, ! $4; Oat ; Groats, $5 25; Hominy,' '-$4©
4 26;/- Buckwheat • Flour, . $4 50@4 75;'. Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; .Farlna, , $4 50; '.-Whole ' Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled ' Oats : (barrels), $7 35@9; In
sacks,' $6 8508 50;- Pearl -Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $500; Green Peas., $0 50 per.100 lbs.v. iv -:
'i. j : i: : Hay}diui} Feedstuff s'.y:
Everything remains, as previously quoted.'
WHEAT — Receipts, 39,000 bushels; exports,
77,477 . bushels; spot, firm; j No. 2 red, 83%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 87% c. afloat; No, 1 North
ern Duluth. 81%c.f.o.' .b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba. 84% c ' f.' o.'b. ; afloat. The wheat
market had a steady advance, up to the last
hour on covering. Very 'small receipts "-at all
Western points, higher cables and strength In
the Southwest : was . the leading , bull motive.
The advance' shut out' exports. ' Last prices
were %@%c .net '¦> higher." May, 77%@<'8%c,
closed at.'iSVic; July, J7%@78 7-10c, closed at
78%c; September, 77 ,7-l<i@78c, closed at 78c;
December, 79V»@7958C. '• closed at'79%c i
HOPS— Firm. ,".'••... .
WOOL— Steady, "¦ -< ''¦¦''. . * ' -
HIDES— Dull. *-"¦•¦.;•.. •.-. '¦: -.:• .-, •
COFFEE-ri?Pot Rio/ -quiet; No. >"7 invoice
5%c; mJid.i.quIetr.-Cordbva,. 8%@12c-
closed quiet, net unchanged; -total' sales, 10,500
bags, inoludlng May, $5 35 ;•" September, $5 75;
December.' $5,1)5;. January, $6@6 05 •
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair. refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 9(5. , test,'. 3%c;' molasses suear. 2%z;
refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
There were few. buyers in ¦ the" evaporated
apple 'market' and though .-holders asked • full
prices the lower qualities could be had prob
ably for a little less. Export demand was
very light, business being montly for buyers'
account. State, common to good,.7@8%c; prime
U@9Vic; choice. -9% @10c; fancy, 10%@llc. In
prunes there was a moderate, jobbing- move
ment within the quoted range for new fruit
In old there was little , doing." . - Apricots • and
peaches were firmer, on better grades and
moved well. Prunes, 3%@7c. Apricots^— Royal
10©12c; Moorpark, 11%@12%c. Peaches
Peeled, -14@18c;' unpseled, 8@10c. -
New York 'Cotton Market. I
NEW YORK, April 2.— Cotton opened steady,
with prices 2 to 5 points higher, and closed very
steady, with prices net 3 to 7 points higher.
; NEW YORK. -April 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,000 barrels ; exports, 4588 barrels; "market
fairly active and firm at old prices. " ..- ¦¦
Northern Business.
; PORTLAND. April 2.— Clearings, $359,025;
balances. . $51,200.. . . < - ¦ , . ,
.SPOKANE,- April •-. 2.— Clearings, f 298, 699;
balances, $59,094. t ¦ . : . , . .; . ,.
. TACOMA. April. 2.— Clearings. $321,053; bal
ances.' $27,805.,
Butter; Cheese and Eggs.
Mutter still keeps up, but dealers say that it
has got to, go down a couple of cents before It.
can be packed, on orders and from 2%c to 4c
before they can pack It to hold till fall. There
13 plenty of it on the market and receipts are
liberal, but' there is no congestion thus far.'
There ls.no further change In Cheese.". •
.Eggs "are. as previously quoted, though con
ccrrlons are being made " to buyers of second
giadc ranch, which are the weakest 'grade at
prtepht:; fAll kinds are In good supply.- v - Some
dealers are disposed to get a little more for
fancy I ranch ' If possible, but buyers thus far
refuse to pay over the top quotation. '• .
Receipts were 44,200 pounds and, 5 tubs of
Butter, 1702 cases of Eggs. 23,800 pounds of
California Cheese, •— : — pounds . of Oregon
Cheese and'-^- — pounds of Eastern Cheese.. '
• BUTTER— Creamery, - , 2lc per ¦ sound ¦ for
fancy, 20c fo,r firsts and for seconds:
dairy, 17@19c; store Butter, 16@17c per
pound; :'¦¦¦:• ;
CHEESE— New, ¦> 9@10c; old, 9@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13® 15c per pound.
EGGS- Ranch, ; 14@15c; store, 13@14c per
dozen. • ' ' • ' .-..¦¦•¦
Northern ' Wheat Market.
*;"¦*;.'¦ -^i-OREGON.' ..'•-;. ..-,..
PORTLAND,; April -. 2.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, C4@64%c; valley, 65%c; blue fc'tem, 6Cc.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, April , 2.— WHEAT— Quiet; un
changed. . Blue stem,' 65c; club, 04c,
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 2. — Consols, 94%. Silver,
2i 13-16d. French rentes, 100f 87%c@100f 90c.
Cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; 'cargoes
No. 1 Standard Calfornla, 29s 6d ; cargoes Walla
Walla, 28s 9d; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, April 2.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
.1 Standard California; 6s 2%d@«s 3d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet;"French coun
try markets, dull; weather m England, • fine. '
QOTrrON— Uplands, 4 27-32d.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
• Receipts of Oranges continue light, owing to
the steady shipment East from the producing
districts.... At the auction sale yesterday fancy
Navels .were scarce and ¦ offerings of choice
brought better prices in consequence. . " . Four
cars were sold at the following prices: Fancy
Navels, $1 80@2 80; choice 'do, $1 65@2 55;
standard do. 80c®$l 55; Standard Seedlings,
80cW?l 35. In the open market all - grades
wcte reported steady at. 'sustained" prices.
Prices of lemons were ' unchanged and • fancy
stock sold for $2 25 at . the auction. There
wore no Strawberries received, 1 but some are
expected, to-day. . .
Honolulu , Bananas were offering again.
APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 : 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for . or
dinary. " : ; .-¦:•
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Orances, $1@1 75
for standard, $2@2 50 for choice and $2@
2 75 for iancy; extra fancy, $3; Seedlings, $im/
I 75; " Mediterranean" Sweets, $1 75@2; Tan-"
gerines, In quarter boxes, 75c©$l and'$l 25@
1 50 in half boxes: Lemons, 75c@$l for com
mon and $1 2501 75 for good to choice and $2
@2 75 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1@3, including
tseedlers; Mexican Limes; $4@4 50; Bananas,
$1 75@2 50 per. bunch for New Orleans and $1
@2 for'Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 2.
Alexander and Alice M. Warner to Herbert
E. Law, lot on S line' of Lombard street.
110:8% E of Van Ness avenue, E 25, S to
100 V lot 21. SW to a point, N 156:2%; *10.
Same to same, lot on S5E corner of Van
Ness avenue and Lombard street, E 110:8%,
S to 100 V lot 21. SW to Van Ness avenue,
N to beginning; also S corner 100 V lot 21.
S alons Van Ness avenue to intersection 100 V
lot 22, NE to a point, N to SE line of 10O V
lot 21, SW to beginning; $10.
Louis and Maria Hoeckele to Toby Schussler,
lot on NE corner of Franklin street and Ask
avenue, N 32 by E 82:6; $10.
Julian Theme to Chauncey R. Wlnslow, lol
on S line of Pacific avenue. 137:6 E of Oc
tavla street, E 34:4% by S 127:8%; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Pacific ave
nue, 100 E of Octavia street, E 37:6, S 127:6,
W 50. N 40, E 12:6, N 87:6; $10.
Michael L. and Margaret McBride to Auguste
and Eliza Lacroix, lot on S line of Union
street, 137:6 W of Steiner, W 27:8 by S 137 :ts,
$10.
C. W. and Elizabeth C. McAfee to George E.
Bates, lot on N line of Union street, 250 E
of Baker. N 137:6, E 11:3, SE 156:5, W 83:0;
$10.
George E. and Emmellne L. Bates to Jere
miah T. Burke lot on N line of Union street
78:9 W of Broderick. W 24:3. N 44, SE 47; $10.
C. H. McLenathen. to same, lot on NW cor
ner of Union and Broderick streets,- 2i—*i,~ W
10.1, SE 47. E 78:9; $10.
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to same, lot on SW
corner of Greenwich and Brodertck streets. 1 1
27:6 by W 78: $10.
Alfred Shephard to John A. Hoots, lot on TV
line of Tremont avenue, 385 S of Frederic!
street. S 25 by W 80; $10.
Job D. and Maria C. Wilson to Bertha II
Taussig (wife of Hugo A.), lot on N line.o!
Fulton street, 201:9 E of First avenue, E 3t
by N 137:6; $10.
Peter and Mary E. McIIugh to. George H.
Robinson, lot on S line of Washington street
221:8 W of Cherry, SW 48:8. E 8, N 4«; $10.
Helen C. Dixon to William F. Laumelster
lot on SE corner of Twenty-second and Chwrcl
streets, S 27 by E 75; $10.
Alta Building and Loan Association to Jamei
R. McKee. lot on N line of Elizabeth street
02 E of Sanchez, N 65 by E 25:6; $10.
Gerhard and Katherine Rodenback and Al
fred Fuhrman to Marinl and Carlo Eluro. lo
on N line of Lombard street. 198:6 W o:
Powell, W 30:8 by N 137:6; $10.
William Fries to California Fruit Canners
Association, lot on S line of Bay street. 91:!
E of Taylor. E 22:11 by S 60; $ . .
Theresa L. Doran (single) to Herman Som
mer. lot on S line of Pacific street, 115:« V
of Mason, W 22 by S 68:9; $10.
Samuel , and Mary A. Foster to Callaghai
Estate Company (a corporation), lot on- NTi
line of Howard street. 45:10 SW of Steuart
SW 45 by NW 137:6: $10.
Thomas E. and Etta N. Haven to WHcoj
Realty Company (a corporation), lot on NT\
line of Minna street, 95 SW of Third, SW 2t
by NW 70; $10.
Ellen F. and Marcus M. Meherin to same
same, quitclaim deed; $1.
George H. and Mattle H. Bew to Ruth (3
Campbell, lot on SE line of Howard street
225 SW of Fourth. SW 25 by SE 80; $10. ,
P. M. or Peter M. James et al. to Henry -E
Bothin, lot on SE line of Howard street, 27!
SW of Fifth, SW 26 by SE 80; $7600.
Fernand and Louise Laplace to Frank A
Soniera." lot on NE line of Seventh street. 25(
SEof Bryant. SE 25 by NE 85; $10.
Henry Geffke to Wilhelm Buchhorn, lot oi
SAV line of MariDOsa terrace (Ellen). 10O N^
of Harrison street, NW 20 by SW 50; $200.
Owen Casey to Annie Ell wood. lot on E lin
of Sixteenth avenue. .24.1:6 N of C strset. f
25 by E 140: also lot 16, block. N.- Ballroai
Homestead No. 2; irant.
Samuel J.. William J. and JameaM. Eva
Eliza M. E. Beretta (Eva) and Thoraailne V
E. Fleissner (Eva) to Charles Canney, lot oi
W line of Pennsylvania avenue. 50r. N of. Nine
teenth. N 25 by W 100; $10. < ¦ . '
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to-. Anna E
Scrlmger (single),, lot on E line of Goettlngei
street. 100 N of Henry (Felton)... N r 85 by I
120 lot 80. block 17. Railroad Avenue Home
stt-ad Asseciation; $10. .,
Same to Rudolf Stuessl. lot on E line o
GIrard street, 100 N of" Felton. N 50 by E 120
block 2, University Mound; $10.
Estate Francis S. Spring (by John R. Spring
executor) to John'H. and Charlotte B. Spring
lots 1 to 8. block 2, University Mound;- $2250
. -Builders' Contracts^
F. B. Norton (owner) with William Llttl
(contractor), architect . Maxwell i, G. . Bugbee-
All work except shades and gas fixtures for
two-story attic and • basement frame residence
on NE corner of Jackson and Locust street:
E 36 by N 127:SV4; $0250.
Sophia EggCrs (owner) with John R. Munste
(contractor), architect Arthur T. Ehrenpfbrt-
All work except plumbing, painting and electri
work for a two-story frame building, with part
ly finished basement and attic, on W line o
Steiner street, 55 S of McAllister, S 27:8 b
W 105; $6000.
. George H. Luchsinger. Mrs. A. L. . Summei
hayes, Mrs. A. Goodrich, Mrs. R. A. Bucking
ham (owners) with Ralston Iron Works (con
tractors), architects Meyer & O'Brien — Ste«
and cast Iron work for a five-story and bast
ment hotel building, on S line of Eddy streel
75 E of Mason, E 62:6 by S 137:6: $0754.
. Robert Ward . (owner) with S. B. Kress (cor
tractor), architect A. Albert Schroepfer — A!
-work except mantels, shades, gas fixtures an
finish hardware tor a two-story and basemer
frame building, on ?* line of Olive avenue, 12
E of Laguna. E 25 by N 120; $3200.
James C. Smith (owner) with William Plar
(contractor), . plans by owner — All work for
one-story frame cottage, with basement and at
tic, on W line of Diamond street, 173:8 S <
Seventeenth. 3-2-1:8 by W 125, H. A. 208; $232»
Emile Boesch (owner) with Hansbrough .
Johnston (contractors), architect Oliver Evei
ett — All work for a two-story frame butldini
on S line of Howard street, 220 E of Second,'!
25 by S S3: $2454. -. . ¦
¦R. Marks (owner) with J. Wenderlng (cor
tractor), architect PhiUpp Schwerdt — All war
except electric .work, plumbing, tiling,, paint
ing, gas fixtures and shades for a three-stot
and basement frame - building (flats), on SI
corner of O*Farrell and Steiner streets, W 02:
by S 25: $7825.
Same owner with Bertram Bros, (contractors'
architect ¦ same — Sewering, plumbing and ga
fitting. for same on same; $1085. •
r Abraham Wolfe (owner) with Hansen & Wa
len- (contractors), architect J. Francis Dunn-
All work except mantels, gas fixtures, etc.. f <
a- : two-story and basement frame ' bulldln
(fiats), on E line of Devlsadero street,- - 112 :
U of Fulton. N 25 by E 137:6; $48.19.
Ann Clark Hart (owner) with R. C. Andn.
(contractor), architect Newton J. Tharp — Brie
and carpenter . work, tinning, galvanized ire
work, . plastering, electric wiring, granite, cor
Crete sidewalks, fire escapes, roofing, mill worl
cementing, setting of alt Iron work and glazin
for a four-story brick . store building, on St
line of Tenth street. 175 SB of Market, SE A
by SW 140. M. B. 6: $20,033.;-
There was nothing new In local stocks and
bonds on the morning session; but on the Oil
Exchange there was a flurry in Petroleum Cen
ter,. 29,000 shares changing hands at 7® 9c.
In the afternoon California Fruit Canner«
sold up to $103 and Spring Valley Water was
firmer, touching $93.
Assessments delinquent yesterday were the
Kern River Oil. 50c and the Pittsburg Oil, lc.
I Omnibus Cable Railroad was ex-coupon yes
terday of Its 6 per cent bonds. 1918, semi
annual, amounting to $CO,000. . . • ¦
The following quotations for the United Rail
ways of _ San Francisco ..were "received yeater
day from New York by Bolton. de Ruyter &
Co.:. Common stock, $24@24 12%; preferred.
$62 50@62 62%; 4 per cent bonds, $sy@S9 50;
subscriptions, $101 87%@102 12%.
The Pacific Lighting Company wilt pay a
monthly dividend of 35 cents per share on the
5th.
The Alaska Packers' Association has declared
a dividend of $1 per share, payable on the 12th.
The California Wine Association has declared
a dividend of 60 cents per share, payable on
the 10th. ¦ - ¦.:'.-•-
STOCK AND BOND , EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, April 2—2 p. m,
: , Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s ar coup.. Ill 111% 4s qr c (new)139V4139%
4s qr reg. ...Ill 111% ts qr coup.-.109V4110
UNITED STATES BONDS,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Ala A W 5s. 78%103 Oc SS Co 5s — 101
Bay CPC 5s.l07%108% Ombus C 6s., — —
Cal-st Gs ...117 119 Pac G Im 4s. 96% —
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk& C H Os.107 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk& O R 6s.ll7 120
Fer&C H 6s. — — Pwl-st R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 5s. — . — .. •Sac EGR 5s. 9S%100
H C&S 5%S. — — SF & SJV5S.121V4122
Do 5s..... 97—^ Sierra Cal6s.llO — /
L Ang R 5s.ll8% — S P of A 6s ~
LALCofis.. --. — (19CO) -....113% —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1010) ....114 ft — .
Do Jrtd 5s. — 103Vi <1905)Sr A.10t»% —
L A & P 5s. 102% — . (1905)Sr B.107% —
Do lem 5S.100 — (1906) ....109V4110
Mkt-st C es.126% — . (1912) 119%121
Do lem 5s.l20% — S P of C 1st
N R of C 63.112 . — c gntd 5S..120 —
Do 5s — 121fe Do stmpd.111% —
N Pac C 5s.lO9% — SP Br Cal6s,137 —
N R Cal 53.115 — S V Wat 6s.lll 111%
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% Do 4s 2dm. — 103%
Oak Trn 6s..l23%125 Do 4s 3dm.lO2% —
Do 1st c5s.112% — Stkn G&E63.102 104
Oak W G 5s.l02%104
WATER STOCKS. '
Contra Costa 75 77% Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co.... 60 . — Spring Val.. 92% —
1 GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 2% — Pac Light:.. 45 " —
Eqt G L Co. 3 3% Sac E G&R. 28 —
Mutual — ¦ 4% S F G & E..42% 43%
O G L & H. 57 57% S F G L Co. 5% —
Pac G Imp.- 34 T& 35 Stktn G & E 8 ' —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — . 275
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ; . 89 ' 90% LP&A....16B 170
California ..422% — Mer Ex (llq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.117% — S F Natlonl.137% —
First Nationl — —
. SAVINGS BANKS.
German i.;1990 ' — : Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt . ". . — '— Security Sav — 340
Mutual Sav. 80. • 86 Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U..520 ?.— .
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 175 IMarket .....100 —
Geary — 60 (Presidio .... — 40
• POWDER.
Giant 79 [ 80 JVIgorit .....— 4
Hana ....... 3% — jKilauea .... — — -
Hawaiian ...34 jMakaweli ... 22% 23V4
Honokaa ... 10% 11V4 Onotnea .... 23. . — .
Hutchlnson .12 — 'Paauhau .:. 11% .11%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.160% — Pao A F A. 2%, 3%
Cal Fruit As. 102 - — Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine "As 99%100 'Par Paint... 18 —
Oceanic S,Co'-.; "35 I
Mornlnc Session. . •
Bor.rd — • • -. " • -....¦
10 California i Wina Association .... 09 75 •
25 Equitable ; Gas * . . 3 25
205 Hutchinson S P Co..... 12 00
• 15 Hutchlnson. S P Co .;... 11 75 :
: 25 Oakland Ga3 .......... ...... 57 25
5 .Pacific Gas Imp 35 00
. 25 8 F Gaa & Electric Co...... 43 00
e5 Spring Valley Water 92 75 "
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per ct.107 75 I
$5000 Bay Co Power Co 5 per ct. cash.107 62^
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5 per cent.. 07 00 '-
$10,000 Nor Ry of Cal 5 per «cnt bonds.121 75
$1000 Sacramento EG & . R 5 per ' ct. 9S 50 '
S2O00 S F & S JV bonds..... .121 60
$1000 S P of Arizona (1910) . . . . . . . . . .114 62 Va
. Afternoon Session. " . .
: Board — ... . . iv v. ;¦
10 California Fruit Canners ....... .103 CO
50 California Fruit Canners ... .102 50 .
60 Cal Wine Assn 99 75
100 Makawell ...:.... .:...........-.. 23 CO
45' Pacific Gas ' Imp i... .'...".;. SS 00
50 Pacific Gas Imp " ."...;. 34 75
100 Spring .Valley Water 92 75
• 677, Spring Valley Water ..Vr.*;:r;'.~ 93 00
Street— .. -'
$10,000 California St Cable bonds...... 119 00
$10,000 Sacramento E G & Ry 5 per ct- OS 50
$'.CCO S P of- Arizona. (1910)..:. ...... 114 62%
$22,000 S V 6 per cent' bonds.. .ill 00
$2CC0 S P of C C per ct ¦ bonds ¦ (1905. - -
Series B) . . . . . . . . . .;. 107 50 '
PRODUCERS 1 . OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
4500 Bear Flag 04
•-.6CK) Four -."... ;.. •.¦.".. :..:.'....... 52
¦ fUKi Monarch of 'Arizona-.'. ..*.". ."..:."..¦•• .18
' 100 Monte - Cristo .". . 1 12%i
,'lOOMonte Cristo (b 10). ...:..:.;."..-... '1 42%
.600 Occldentalof West Virginia;......; r. 1S'<
5000 Petroleum Center - 07 -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots, 9@llc for .Royals and
10@13c' for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8@9c; sun • dried, "5c;
Peaches, 6Vi@8%c; Pears.. 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
5(gCo; unpltted. 1%@2%c;. Nectarines, 5%@6c
for -red- and 5%(g-Sc for . white; .figs, 4%c for
black and 5%@t5c for white. - .
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, CV4@0%c; 40-50' s, 5@5 Vic; 50- 60' s, 4%
@4 % c ; 00-70' s. 4@4 Vi c ; 70-SO" s. 3 Vi @3 % c ; 80
00's, S®3V4c; U0-100'8, 2%<&2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown,6Vi
@7%c; Loose Muscatels,. 6%c for-4-crown and
5 1 ,4c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c: 2-crown, 5%c:
Seedless • Sultanas. 5%c for unbleached and 7<Q
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3;.De
hesa," $2 50; "," Fancy, $1 50; .' London ; Layers,
si 25@i 35. '¦;. .' - • . • - ; ' •-•¦;
NUTS— Walnuts, No.' 1 softshell, 9%@10c;
No. 2. S@8 1 /i'c;'No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2,' 7c;
Almonds, 10%@I2c for, papershell, ,9@10c for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts. 5@7c
for Eastern; -Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts,
12(ffil2y.c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
Provisions.
- HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for 'light ..'amber; jj water - white extracted,- 5@
6c;' light amber extracted, 4@5c;,dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Chicago was strong, but prices stood about
the same.- ¦ .The . cash demand was Improving,
but \ receipts, wero; large. . .' . :, •
; .This market stood about tho same, being. dull
and unchanged.' ¦ ; : . • :
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12%c per Ib : f or
heavy, ,13c for light medium, 14c for light,
¦15c for extra light and-15%c for sugar-cured:
Eastern, sugar-cured Hams, 13%c; California
Hams,\12%@13c; Mess Beef, ?9@9 50 per bar
rel; extra Mess,- $10@10 60; Family, $11@11 50;
prime Mess Pork, $16; extra clear, $22 50®23:
Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Fork, .$11 50@12 50;
Pig 'Pork,' $25;: Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb.,'; ; . / ' ¦ -
1 LARD-^-Tierces quoted at 8®8%c per lb for
compound- and-ll%cr for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c;10-lb tins, 12c; 5-lb- tins, 12V»o;
3-lb tins. 12%c.'V ' ;. ---,.:,:.::".
¦jCOTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces,. 9%c ¦ per lb.
' Hides ; Tallow, ¦; Wool and Hops:
HIDES ' AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under j quotations. , • Heavy. :' salted
Steers. 10%c;* medium,', 9©9%c;" light, -'8@8%c;
Cow' Hides, ;0c • for. heavyi and 8c for. light;
Stags, C@ti%c; Salted "Kip, :8c; Salted Veal, 0c;
Salted = Calf,; 10c; Dry Hides,, lticv Culls, , 14c;
Dry. Kip. 13c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins,, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
;Wool, : • .10@60c •'¦ each;- • medium, .-' 60@75c; Ions
Wool. - 80c@$r 10 each;. Horse Hides, salt,- §2 75
©:> for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium, $1 75
«@2 ¦ for small ; and i 50c for. Colts ; * Horse Hides,
dry, $1 75 lor large. $1' 25® 1 50 for medium, $1
f}l 25 for, small and. 50c for. Colts. Deerskins —
Summer "or "red: skins,';- 35c;'. fall , or 'medium
skins," 30c; "winter- or.' thin /skins, 20c.- ¦ Goat
skins—^Prime Angoras,'. 75c; ' large .' and smooth;
50c;tmedlum, 35c. • '¦¦•- . " " ¦ - , .: -¦
'¦¦:. TALLOW— No. 1 rendered." 5%<g6c per, lb;
No. ,2, 4%@5c; grease; 3@3%c. < ¦-.-•. -..
..- WOOL^Spring Southern,: 12 months, 9@10c;
SHEEP^-Receipts, >. 13,000; market strong;
lambs weak to. 10c- lower. Good to . choice
wethers, §5 25@5 75; fair to choice mixed. $4 50
©S; Western sheep. $3 40#ti: native lambs,
$4 50@C 65;, Western lambs. $5. 25@U 0C.
HOGS — Receipts- to-day, 28,000; to-morrow,
25,000; left over. 7000: markf-t opened strong;
clot-ed 5@10c lower. . Mixed and butchers. $0 50
@« 95; good to. choice ' heavy, $« 85*17; rough'
heavy, $6 00@0 80;.- light, $6 4000 75; bulk of
salts, $0 C0@6 85. . • .
CHICAGO; April . 2.— CATTLE— Receipts,
ir>, 000; strong; 10c higher. -Good to prime
steers, $0 75@7 50; poor' to medium, $4.50®
6 50; stockers and. feeders. $2 50@5 25; cows,
$1 25(S5 60; heifers. $2 50@6 25; canners, $125
<f?2 40; bulls, $2 60R5 25; calves, $2 50®5 75;
Texas fed steers, $5@G. ...;-.. ¦• ,.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Flour, qr sks... 5,976 Hay. tons 331
Wheat, ctla..:.. 24,170 Wool, sks 268
"Barley, ctls 55,K',7 Pelts, bdl3 1,474
Beans, sks..... 2,050 Hides, No:;.... 675)
Corn, sks 30 Leather, rolls... 90
Potatoes, sks... 1,074! Wine, gals 27,560 '
Onions, sks 324 1 Lime, bbls 273
Bran sks 1.0SO, Tallow, ctls 23
Middlings, sks.. 33'
AUSTRALIA. '
Onions, sks ..... 1.961
FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2.
Receipts of Produce.
'" ¦:'¦.: LIVERPOOL. '¦ ¦;
Wheat— . '•¦¦'¦ May- July-
Opening ; • 6 11 ; 5 10%
Closing 5 11% .5 10%
PARIS. ' .
Wheat— April. Sept.-Dec."
Opening . . V • 22 00 20 40
Closing ,......'-..- 22 00 20 40 -
Flour —
Opening 26 G5 . 26 35
Closing ¦ 20 00 20 35 " •
[New, York Metal Market. • : [.
NEW YORK, April 2.— A slight gain was
noted in values for tin at New York with spot
closing at $20 40@2G 75. . . . .
At London a net gain of £1 10s was estab
lished, with" spot at £119 10s and futures at
£117. 10s. \
COPPER — Was steady, but quiet and' un
changed at New York. At London prices were
marked up 7s fid, with spot closing at £53 5s"
and futures at £53 7s Cd.
New York prices were 12@12%o for Lake and
12 %c was still asked for electrolytic and cast
ing.
LEAD — Was unchanged at home and abroad.
New York closed a.t 4%o and London closed at
£11. 7s 6d.- •;.¦".".
SPELTER— Was steady, but unchanged here,
with $4 35 quoted, and London, closed 2s 6d
higher at £17 15s. '":. : ...
IRON — Was steady but; unchanged at New
York." Pigriron" warrants were nominal: No. 1
Northern, . foundry,. ,:-$19@20;:. No. 2 foundry.
Northern," $18@19; No. 1 foundry, Southern,
$17 50@18; No. 1 foundry,. Southern, soft, $17 50
@18.- ;¦ '
. The English markets were higher at 53s for
Gkisgow and 47s at Middlesboro.
The Situation in Wall Street.
CONDITION OF THE MOXET AND SHARE
MARKETS. WITH FUTURE PROSPECTS.
The New York circular ©f Henry Clews says:
"Easter holidays have restricted operations
on the etock exchange and deprived the mar
ket of any support that might come from ad
ditional activity. Increased - firmness of the
money market and a further contraction of
loans were also unfavorable to stock specula
tion, although the market continues to show
an undertone of strength resulting 1 from strong
support. The banks have been losing funds
through both the interior and Sub-Treasury
movements, much of the first named drain be
ing due to the usual preparations for April
tettlcniente. The latter demands, however,
will soon be over and by the middle of April
currency should be again moving in this direc
tion. • The money market is in a comfortable
enough condition, so long as no undue pres
sure appears; but in the present low condition
of the bank reserves any urgency in demand
¦would materially stiffen lending rates In this
market. Until the reserves have been replen
ished, cither through a contraction of loans
or through an Increase in the reserve items,
the money market is likely to remain in a
sensitive condition; and it may be Borne weeks
before any expansion in the loan account, such
aa would be necessary In a rising market, will
be permissible. No help seems likely from
national bank circulation, which is showing a
steady diminution; the high price for Govern
ment bonds, induced by Treasury purchases,
tempting: their sale and the calling In of cir
culation.
"'The railroad situation continues satisfac
tory, earnings Ehowing no signs of diminution
and the outlook being for good traffic for some
time to come. With average crops this year
the railroads ought to continue to do well.
The market, however, v.ill be chiefly influenced
by ihe delay or progress In the merger plans
of th* big leaders, the outcome of which is a
mystery. The big leaders, of course, believe
In their ultimate success. What they will do
if the Northern Securities Company Is declared
illegal remains to be seen. While this import
ant uncertainty hangs over the market a pro
longed vigorous bull movement is out of the
question. Good railroad shares are, however,
sj firmly held that frequent upward spurts of
a manipulative character may be readily ex
pected. The industrial shares are in a position of
ir.uch less strength than the railroads. The com
munliy-of-intere*t idea, which in the industrial
world took the form of trusts, is much less
•successful than in railroads. New competition
btea«3i!y prows, and as profits are cut down
by lower prices or decreased sales the burdens
of nveix-aiiitalization — the price paid for sur
render <jf individualism — are distinctly felt. A
number of unsatisfactory annual reports on
the t-rfcat industrials have been filed during
the last six months, and more are likely to
follow. Not a few of the industrials are sell
ing at considerably lower prices than existed
a year ago. The principal exceptions are the
*te«>J fecurjUes. -which have been sustained bx
the extraordinary activity ia the Iron and steel
trades ¦Those from the new uses for steel and
the ;»•¦£* amount of new construction going
en and promising . to continue during the re
mainder of. the year. When this demand
afc&tes and trade comes uown to normal pro-
Portions it will be interesting to observe how
ihe*» concerns carry their load of inflation
"OutfUJo of the features alluded to the gen
eral situation is satisfactory. Labor troubles
are Jlkely to exert a temporary depression but
hel L f th t Se ,^ are i£?f lt J s quUe Possible 'that
tHe big .holders will endeavor to infuse fresh
life and activity Into the market as soon as
monetary conditions permit. This mav affoid
better trading opportunities than for "several
months; Etill. as we have said before, caution
and discrimination will be necessary on the
long Eide. ••-. -
Weather Report.
(120 Meridian — Pacific Time )
SAN FRANCISCO. April 2. 1902—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In the last twenty
four hours; .
;, Last 24 * This Last
Stations — Hours. Season." Season.
Kureka ..» Trace 44.50 42 74-
Red Bluff ............ 0.60 28.39 ">2 *»°
Sacramento 0.00 15.56 17 48
San Francisco 0.00 17.14 18 94
¦Fresno 0.00 «.22 10 28
Independence 0.00 4.13 5 61
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 19.82 27 62
Los Angeles Trace 10.37 14 11
San Diego q.qi b.ss pll9
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
60: minimum. 45; mean, 52.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston C2-40 Kansas City. .... .48-34
Cincinnati 36-32 Omaha ..44-28
Philadelphia 49-36 Chicago 36-32
Washington «4-36 Duluth 34-30
Jacksonville 66-46 St. Louis 42-36
.New York 44-381 Salt Lake City.. .02-44
THE COAST RECORD.'
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
i. FORECAST.
The preesiire has fallen elowly . during the
t»»n twelve hours along the coast from Cape
Uissppointment to Point Conception. Condi
tionj. are favorable for showery weather along
the coast north of San Francisco.
The temperature has risen slowly except in
California, where It still continues
•> dfgrf eg below the normal.
Fort-cast made at fian Francisco for thirty
hours ending ml<!r.lsht, April 3. l»02:
-Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Thursday, with showers; warmer;
rrp£h southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Thursday; warmer; freeh westerly
Nevada— Fair Thursday; warmer; fresh
r.esteriy winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy. Unset
tled weather Thursday: probably light ehowers;
wanner; ircch southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
¦ tX.'-- Forecast Official.
self an illuminating commentary on the char
acter of the market. United States Leather led
the list, followed at a considerable interval by
Amalgamated Copper. The dealings In Colo
rado Fuel fell to insignificant proportions In
comparison with the recent trading. . Sugar
was well up In the ll^t of active stocks. Of
the prominent railroads only St. Paul and
Louisville and Nashville showed a notable de
gree of activity and the fluctuations did riot
reach as much as a point in either of " them.
The extreme range in the United States Steel
stocks was % for the common and % for the
preferred, and both closed at a shade under
last night, in spite of the extraordinary earn
ings reported tor the year or the company's
business and the official assurance given of
the success of the plan lor providing $j0,ouu,000
additional capital. Many of the usually promi
nent stocks did not open at all before the
middle of the day's session and not a few \vill
be found with no sales recorded. The price
movements or any consequence are almost in
variably among the less known stocks and the
reasons advanced were very % obscure. St. Paul
and Omaha rose 6 points on a few. transactions
and the preferred 6, but Pere Marquette
dropped 6 on only one sale. The Hocking Val
ley stocks were active and strong, the common
rising 4 and the preferred 2. Rumors were
revived of a plan to retire the preferred stock
at par. The Wisconsin Central stocks and the
Toledo, St. Louis and Western stocks were
bought, apparently on the strength of their .
strategic position in the competitive field. The
New xork Dock stocks rose In an erratic man
ner on the supposed sudden realization of the :
valuable equities In. the property. The move
ment In the Leather stocks was on the assump
ttoD that the preferred stock and Its claims to
differential dividends to be closed up In some
way by a bond issue. The losses, which were
liberally sprinkled through the list of stocks
of a similar character," had no other foundation
than they had previously advanced on rumors
which have not been confirmed. The weakness
of Rock Island was associated with the an
nouncement of its additional stock issue. The
decline in the Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburg I
stocks was doubtless due to the coal miner*'
strike in its territory. The movement in the
general list was insignificant. It is true that
prices were at one time advanced a fraction,
but no other cause was apparent than that they ,
declined yesterday; The crop report by the
Government weather bureau had some influ
ence upon sentiment, but the present grain
markets are regarded as under the artificial
influence of large speculative operations and
are, therefore, distrusted as an Index of actual
conditions. The statistics of the copper trade
and rumors of an approaching agreement as
to the output and prices -were I given some cre
dence. Future money market shipments are
still awaited, the easing tendency of money
here being counterbalanced by the expectations
of early gold exports. The market closed dull
and heavy on the taking of profits by, room
tradere. • " ; " - -j
There was a very good demand for bonds/
which wag. tetter.. distributed than. J- of:! late.
Total sales, par value, $2,480,000. " ¦ . ¦-'
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST:
i j Sales. Hi;h. Low. Close.
Atchison ... ...... 3,000 ,77% -77 771
Atchison pfd 1,200 97 96% 97'.'
Bait & Ohio 1,500 10« 105 >M 100 '
Bait & Ohio pfd .. 300 95% 95% 93 J
Canadian Pacific .. 2..100 113 112%" 112%
Canada .Southern .. .300 87%' £87% i 87 Ci
Chesap & Ohio ... 100 43% 45% -45%
Chi. & Alton ....... 300. * 35% \ 33% ; S5%"
Chi & Alton pfd ". . ' .".'.". ' ....-./..'¦ 75%
Chi Ind & Louis.. 1,000 C5% 65% 65U
Chi I & L pfd.... .... .... .... Tjlt
Chi & E Illinois ... - . . . . ' . :: ¦¦¦ ¦.... 157
Chi & G Western. 31,300 24% 23% 23%
Chi & G W A pfd. 200 87 87 86%
Chi & G W B pfd. " 44%
Chi & N W .5.200 234% - 233 ¦ 234%
Chi R I & Pac... : 2,300 178% " 177% 177%
Chi Term & Trans. 300 18% 18% 18 'A
Chi Term & T pfd. 200 35% 35% 34%
C C C & St Louis. . 300 102 101% 102
Colo Southern 2,200 28% 27% 27%
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 71 70% 70%
Colo South 2d pfd. " 100 41% 41% 41%
Dela.& Hudson ... 100.172 172 171
Dela Lack & West. 1.000 28S 285 287
Denver & Rio G... ¦ '.... 42%
Denver & R G pfd. .: 100 91 91 90%
Erie ... ... 4,800 - 36% 36% - .'36%
Erie 1st pfd .^... .. : 700' 68% «8% ;68%
Erie 2d pfd 300 54% 54% 5t%
Great North pfd .. .... . ..." 184%
Hocking Valley ... 10,100 78 74- . 77%
Hocking Val pfd.. 2,700 89% 87% , 89V»
Illinois Central ... 1,100 141% '141% 141%
Iowa Central 100 49 49 j 48%
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 84 84* 84
Lake Erie & West 66%
Lake Erie A W pfd "' ....' 129
Louis & Nash 15,600 „ 100 1O5',4 "105%
Manhattan L ....- 3.100 133% 132% 132%
Metropolitan St R. 3,200 1C3% 163 103%
Mexican Central . . . 4,800 30% 30 30%
Mexican National.. 500: 1S% 18%' 18%
Minn & St Louis .. 200" 109% 109 108%
Missouri Pacific .. 1,100 99% 9S% 99%
M K & Texas 000 24% 24 24
M K & Texas pfd. . 100 54% 54% 54
N J Central ,., ....ijQO-
N T Central....... . 400 103 162% 162%
Norfolk & West... .... 56%
Norfolk &• W pfd. "..90
• Ontario & Western. 1,000 32% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 3.050 150 149% 149%
Reading 11,700 57% 5G% 06%
Reading 1st pfd..., 1, 300 81% 81%. 81%
Reading 2d pfd.:.. 11.900 08% 67% '07%
St Louis & S F.... 7.500 (» 08 68%
St -L & S F 1st pfd 200 8.1-.-. .83*.. 8»%
Bt L & S F 2d pfd 5,000 3 75% ' 74% 75%
St Louis S W 800 -27% '27%". 27%
St Louis S W pfd. 700 V 69% '59% 50%
St Paul 22,400 165% 164% 165%
St Paul pfd 100 187% 187% 186%
Southern .Pacific... 2,700 65 64%' 64%-
Southern Railway. 800 32% 32% .12%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1.100 04% 93% 94
Texas & Pacific... 1,500 40% 40% 40V4
Tol St L & W..,. 1,000 22 21% 21%
Tol St L & W pfd. 4,100 39% 37%' 33
Union Pacific :. 3,600 100% 93% 100%
Union Pacific pfd.. . 300 R« . 87% 87%
Wabash 200 23% . 23% 2.1
Wabash pfd 700. ~ 42% 42% ,42.
Wheeling & L Erie. :. R00 19% 19-19
W & L E 2d pfd.. ' 5ftO 31% 31% - 31
Wisconsin Central.. 5.700 2.1% 22% 2-1%
Wis Central pfd. ... 4,300 , 40, 44% 45%
Express Companies —
Adams 195
American : "... " 22!j
UniUd States 108
Writs Fargo ...... .... 195
Miscellaneous — -, •
Amalg Copper 29,400 Crt 64% 65
Amer Car & Fndry. 6.000 29% 2J> . 29%
Am Car & Fdry pfd 1,000 90. 88% . 00 i
Amer Linseed Oil.. ..-. .... 2-1%
Am Linseed Off pfd ..:.. 53
Amer Locomotive.. 3.000 31% 31% 31%
Amer Loco pfd 200 94% 94% 94
Am Kmeltg & Refg 200 47 47 • - -«T
Am Sm & Rfg Dfd. 1,500 98 fl7 fi7%
Anaconda Min Co.. 700 11» linvi liK
Brooklyn Rapid Tr. 600 64% 64% 64 ,
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 11.200 103% 102% 102%
Consolidated Gas... 5,400 225% 22.1% 224%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 200 119% 119% lia%
General Electric... 300 32.1 322% 322U
Hocking Coal .. 6,400 22% 20% 21%
International Paper I0O 21 21 - 21 -
Inter Paper pfd.... 200 75Vt 74% 74%
Inter Power........ 3,400 97% •. 95% 9B%
Laclede Gas...... 89%
National Biscuit. . . 700 fil % :; MV. 51 v t
National Lead 400 18% 18% ; 18%
North American.... 400 124 12.1 , 12.1 '
Pacific Coa«t. 100 7.1' • 7.1 ': 7.1%
Pacific Mb II 500 4*V t . ; 42% '. 42%
People's Gas..- 100,102% 102% 102%
Pressed Steel Car. . 400 42U " 4i\,
Tress Stefl'Car pfd 400 S3 84% - . 84%
Pullman Palace Car ". .... ....-2.15
Republic Steel 700 17T4 17% • 17-V t
Republic Steel pfd. 1.200 74% .73 74%
Burar ...r..;.'..... 20,100 1.1.1 -Ml - 13?%
Tpiw Cnal& Iron.. 1,900 70% 70% 70%
TTnion Beg & Paper ...... .... .... in^
T'n'on B * P pfd.. ..... .:., .... R0%
TI R Leather....... 50.R00 14>V:V 1-1% -1-tiA
TT S leather prd... 22,<*^X) ¦ Sfl% RUi ¦-. \&W
US Rubber.. .. . 500 17. .16%: 5(1%
TT P Hub>>er pfd ..... ....... • iltfU .
I 1 S fited........:. 0.*00 4SU-, 42%. ! '42<4
US Steel D'd...... ".O^O J»4-S 04% -'xtU%-
Western Union..... '¦-,., ZOO 90% . 00>l -;.:.00J4
Total sales... ..'.110.700
¦ Articles — • ¦ ¦' ' . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 86.0HO 4D.000
V/heat. bushels .'...... ...207,000" 84,000
Corn, bushels ......... . . . 203,000 * 1 24,000
Oats, bushels ......... ...3l:s,000" 221,000
Rye. bushels ...17,000 . " 40,000 .
Barter, bushels 17,000 .8.000,
" On the, Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creameries, 20(S'27c; dairies,
20@20c- Cheese, ' firm, 10@13c. Eggs,, steady;
fresh, 14c. • ' "
• SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes . as follows, . per. pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes A, Crushed and Fine ¦ Crushed;
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy- Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Find, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bass only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c:
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, . 3.65c; "D."
3.55c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more:
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes,
5c Der lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
¦ -COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
13%c; ¦ Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocerfe.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15%c;
in cases, 22c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; In cases,
21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In cases.
26%C. - . : . , -. ¦• -'¦ - ;
r TURPENTINE — Is lower at ! 70c per gallon
In cases and «4c In drums and Iron barrels. ',
OIL— California Castor OH, In cases.
No. 1, 70c; . pure, $1 20; ; Linseed . Oil,
in barrels, boiled, :70c; raw, 74c; cases,
5c more; Lucol. ttttc for boiled and 64c Cot raw
in barrels; Lard Oil, extra "winter strained,
barrels, 90c: cases, 95c; China Nut, 57%@«Su
per gallon; pure Neatafoot, In barrels, 70c;
cases, 75o; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale Oil. nat
ural white, 40@50c per gallon; Fish Oil, barrels.
41%c; cases, 47%c; Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%o
for Ceylon and 58%c for Australian.
• COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Vv'ellingtdn, $9; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $8 50;
Koslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $S; Walls
t-nd $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50;
Cumberland, ?12 in bulk and ?13 25 In sacks;
I't-nnsylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh
Anthracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mount
ain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50
per ton. according to brand.,- !
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July. 6c; San
Quentin, 5.55c: Wool Bass, 32©35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@Sc. . , . . ,. .
General Merchandise.
GAME— Hare," . 75c; Rabbits, $1 25 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $2 50
(tii\ White Geeee, 75c(g$l 25; Brant, ?1©2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3(^4; English Snipe, $3;. Jack
Snipe, $1 CO. " ¦¦¦¦-¦ ..¦¦.,
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14©l5c for Gob
blers and 15«j>10c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
VI 5«!Cfl T5; Goslincs, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $5®
$5 50 for old and $7@8 for younz: Hens, $4"$
& r.O; young Rooster3, $<i@7 50; old Roosters.
\i 23(84 50; Fryers. $5®5 50: Broilers, $4 50®
5 for large and $2@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
|l 50@l 75 per dozen for- old and $2 50@2 75
!or Squab?.'
The poultry market was firmer, as receipts
of local stocks were light a.nd there was no
Eastern offering. All descriptions sold well
with the exception of small Broilers, which
were still weak.- One car of Eastern will be
placed on the market to-day.
Game sold better than on the previous day
under lighter receipts.
Poultry and Game.
•• VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy, 6@
8e per lb. $1 75(g2 50 : per box for No. 1 and
$1 1'5@1 50 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 75c@$l 25 per
box; extra fancy,- $1 50; Green Peas, lrom'Los
Angeles, 3@3%c; Bay Peas, '4@5%c; String
Beans, from Los : Angeles. -8"@15c, including
wax; Cabbage, 40c per ctl; Los Angeles Toma
toes,.$1@1 25 per.' box, and. ?1@^ 50. peri crate;
Mexican Tomatoes.'. 75c@$l 25' per "b'ox, 'includ
ing repacked; Dried . Peppers," 10@llc per lb;
Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Dried Okra. 12%@
20c per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers. 75c(g$l 25 per dozen for small and
$1 50@2 for large; Garlic, 1%®2%c; Los An
geles Green- Peppers, 12Vi@loc; Mexican do,
8® 10c; Egg Plant, from Los Angeles, 20@25c;
Summer Squash, from Los Angeles, $1 25@1 50;
Marrowfat Squash, ?10@15 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $10@15; Mushrooms, nominal.
ONIONS— Oregons. ¦ $2©2 15 for the best and
$1 75® 2 for . lower, grades; Australian, $3 50®
3 75; Green Onions, 4O'@6Ocptr box.
POTATOES — New Potatoes, 3@4c per lb; old,
$1 25@1 40 for Burbanks . from the river; Oregon
Burbanks, $1 35® 1 C5; Oregon Garnet Chiles,
$1 50@l 00; River Reds, $1 50@l W); Early Rose,
for seed, $1 Will 70; small Burbanks, for seed,
$1 10@l 30; Sweets, $1 85@1 90 for Merceds.
- ¦ Asparagus and Rhubarb stood about the
same. There'was considerable shipping demand
for both. Peas ; did a little better and n?w
Potatoes met with ready sale at sustained
prices. Receipts were .1178 boxes Asparagus,
72<i boxes Rhubarb, 168 sacks "' Peas and 91
packages new Potatoes. Los Angeles Peas were
weaker, but other Vegetables from that section
continued to bring good .'prices. The market
is overstocked with Mexican Tomatoes.
¦^ There was no change In the Onion : market.
One car came in from Oregon and the Austral-
Ian steamer brought up I2C0 crates and ' C80
sacks. • . ¦ '. "
. There was a steady inquiry for choice Oregon
Burbanks, but ; second class stock was rather
dull. Receipts of River Burbanks continue
light and what few come in are held, firm at
the quotations. • There was no: change in seed
Potatoes. ' Another car of Sweets .was placed
on the market and sold readily at slightly bet
ter -prices. •¦:.:.; . -• " r ~ .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Cash quotations were as follows : ' Flour,
steady; No.' 3 spring wheat, ><>0%@71%c; No. 2
red, 7(i%c; No. 2 oats, 4.1c; No. 2 white, 44%@
40%c; No. 3 white, 4ii 1 A@-^>c; No: 2 'rye, 57 %c;
fair " to choice malting barley, 62@CGc; "No. 1
flaxssed, $1 6S; No. ' 1 Northwestern, .$1-75;
prime timothy seed, §7 10; mess pork, per bbl,
$10 IS5016 70; lard. i>er 100 lbs. $0 77%@!> 80;
short ribs sides (loose),- ?S !)0@9; dry salted
shoulders (boxed),' 7%@7%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $9 30@9 40; - whisky, basis- of hiph
wines, $1 oO; clover, contract grade, ?S@8 10.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
IV heat futures firm. Cash Wheat quiet and unchanged.
Barley continues to advance under light stocks. ",% :
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Hay easy, Bran, Middlings and Rolled Barley fink.
Beans quiet and weak, with Limas and whites declining.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still in liberal supply.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions still firm, but inactive.
No further change in the Meat market.
Potatoes steady. Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Market overstocked with Mexican Tomatoes.
Poultry end Game firmer under lighter receipts.
Oranges in small supply and firm.
Local stocks and bonds featureless.
Turpentine marked down 6c. .'
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. . . .103 ' Hock Va! 4%s. . .110
Do 2s coup lt«) L & N Uni 4s. ...102%
Do 3s regr...;..108 1 ,i Mex Cent- 4s..... 85 -
Do 3s eoup.....lo!)Vi Do 1st Zinc :..'.. 34%
Do new 4s reg.. 139 Minn & St L 4s.. 103%
Do new 4s coup.l3«tt M K & T 4s.. ....100%
Do old 4s reg... Ill Do 2ds. ...82%
Do old 4s coup. .111 N Y Cent lsts...:iO4
Do 5s reg.. 106 Do gen 3%s.. ..108
Do 5s coup 100 N J Cent gen 5s. 139 %
Atchison gen 4a.. 1O3 T^ Northern PacSs.. 74^
Do adj 4s tUVi N & AV con 4s... .102
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103 Reading Gen '4s. . 99%
Do 3%s. ...:... 90% S L & I M con 5s.117Mi
Do conv 4s 107 Vi S L & S F 4s.... 99Vi-
Canada Sou 2ds..lO8. St L SW lsts ; 93%
Cent of Ga Ss...!!©'^ Do 2ds. ........ 80%
Do 1st inc 78ViiS A & A Pass 4s.' ni 7 i :
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 108% Southern Pac 4s.. !)4%
Chic & Alt 3%s.. 84ij Southern Ry 5s...l22Vi
C B & Q new 4s.. «(% Tex & Pac lsts.. .120%
C M&St P gen 4s.llt Tol St L & W 4s. S2%
C & N con 7s.... 139^. Union Pac is'.... 105%"
C R I & P 4s....U2Vi Do conv 4s.....lO(i%
.CCC&St L gen 4s.lC:Ji/. Wabash lsts .....120
Chic Ter 4s 83 Do 2ds. .. .. . ...Ill :
Colo & Sou 4s... »4 Do Deb B.... .. 74%'
D & RjiG 4s 10.1% West Shore 4s 11::
Erie prior lien 4s.lO<)>/, Wheel & L E 4s.. 91 Vi
Do Gen 4s S7V4 Wis Cent 4s. 91 Mi
F W & D C Uts.. .112^ Con Tob 4s .. CGV4
. .NEV/ YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...... 25 Little Chief ...... .1 15
Alice 55 Ontario ...8 00
Breece 50 ; Ophir ........ 95
Brunswick Con.... 12! Phoenix :.. OC
Comstock Tunnel. . OSil'otosl r . . . CO
Con Cal & Va 1 20JSavage 04
Dead wood Terra... 50 j Sierra Nevada.... '22
Horn Silver 1 40,Kmall Hopes 45
Iron Silver. ... 7.11 Standard 3 35
Leadville Con 05i •
BOSTONSTOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — : i Dopfd...> .94
Call loans 4@5;Westngh Com ... 97^
Time loans 4@5 Mining-
Bonds — Adventure 22 ft
Atchison 4a 10.1 Allouez p3%
Mex Cent 4s 82% Amalgamated ". ... 54%
Railroads — Baltic 54
Atchison 77Vs'Bingham 28%"
Do pfd !Hi% I Calumet & Hecla . 600 .
Boston & Albany. 2ti4 Centennial . . . : 21 v
Boston & Maine. .104% ] Copper Range ... 7!i
Boston Elevated . . 160 1 Dom Coal .-.....'. 129
N Y N H & H... 214 y.f Franklin- ; 12
Fitchburg pfd.... 147 (Isle Royale .....'-Hi ;
.Union Pacific .;.. 100% Mohawk .....;.. .35
Mex Central .;... 30 I Old Dominfdn ... 22%
Miscellaneous — Osceola ...60-
Am Sugar 132 Parrot 28 '
Do pfd H»Vi Quincy 125 :.
I Am Tel & Tel 175% Santa Fe Copper. 3' *
Dominion I & S.. 57V4 Tamarack ........178
Gen Electric 322 Trinity 14V1
Mass Electric .17 United States 19
Do pfd <M% Utah 22Vi
N E G & Coke.. 6% Victoria .' fl%-
United Fruit ,101 Winona IVi
U S Steel 42 Wolverine ..: 52
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 94%|MK & T. 24
Do for acct.... 94% Do pfd.... 55
Anaconda 6 NY Central: .V. . .168
Atchison 78% Norfolk" & West. 57%
Do pfd.. -9»Vi Do pfd '.:...' i)2
Bait & Ohlo......lOS% Ontario & West.. ."»3 r
Canadian Pac ...11S% Southern Ry ...,.33
Ches & Ohio 4«%l . Do pfd. . . ...i.. 96
Chic G W 24% Southern Pa ..... 66%
" Chic Mil & St P.. 108% Union Pac 102%
D&RG.. 43% .Do ,pfd.<.. -;.... 89%
Do pfd .'. 93% U S Steel........ 43%
Erie 37% Dp pfd 06%
Do 1st pfd 70% Wabash ..'....... 23%
Do 2d pfd 50 Do pfd 43%
111 Central ......145 Spanish Fours ... 77%
Louis. & Nash. ..108%, • ., i -¦.:.' •,
¦ Bar silver, steady, 24 13-16d per ounce. J
Money, 2%@2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent. •-• • -
.- The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK. April 2.— The Commercial- Ad :
vertlser's London- financial -cablegram- says:
The stock market to-day was idle, but ;cheer
; ful, particularly Kaffirs, in the last' hour, al
though nothing definite regarding peace-nego
tiations has been received. It is. regarded as
somewhat significant that houses with South
' African connections are buyers. I ¦ American
issues were stagnant; Rio Tintos touched-43%
and Anacondas ¦ 0, in sympathy with ;.the ad
vance of %-in copper tor £53 5s the ten. and
on the refusal of Calumet to sell under- 14c/.
The Government is 'disbursing, but thei market
debt is'- so large that no monetary -ease,, is ex
a pecfed.V ' v v* .', " . ,'. ; :. . , .;. • .- ; -- ¦ .;' ~ ' : '
. -Neiv -York Money Market. /- '.
NEW YCrRK, April 2.— Monex^n call, steady
at 3%@4 per cent; closing and asked,,' 3%@4
per cent. Prime mercantile 1 ' paper,; 4%g5. per
cent., Sterling exchange," firm,- with' actual
business in bankers' 'bill at" $4 87% ; for demand
and at $4 85% for sixty, days. ¦: Posted rates,
$4 86 and $4 88%. Gominercial bills." |4 84% @
4 85%. Bar .silver, 53%c;- 'Mexican dollars,"
43c ¦' ' •' ¦¦ .- " - .:. •".' ¦...-. •¦ : -»- •
Government bonds,' steady ;¦-. State" bonds,' In-'
active ;, railrdad .bonds; ( \flrm. ." ''. ( •.-''.. '.: ' r
Condition of -the Treasury.
j WASHINGTON, April 2. — To-day's, statement
of the treasury ' balances : ' Available 'cash bal-'
ance, $178,475,867; gold,' $95,434,682. '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Exchequer... — 01 Utah 05 07
Gould & Cur. 07 OSi.Yel Jacket... 14 IS
Hale & Nor.. 23 24! .
S0OO Petroleum Center (b 90) . . 08
4000 Petroleum Center Q9
50»>0 Petroleum Center (cash) ........ OS
50CO Petroleum Center (b 90) _ . . 0T>'
1000 Petroleum Center (a!K)) OS
M San Joaquln Oil & Dcv 8 BO
ICO Sovereign (s 90) 30 v
450 Sovereign ..¦..'..*.. 30 *
20*>O Sterling 145
150 Sterling: ••- - 1 *i\i
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 Cala-SUndard • IT
200 Tour . .52,
300 Four , '51
JHXKI Junction .- 20
. 100 Junction ; 21
200 Monta Crtsto 1 42V4
50 Monte Cristo « 1 45
1000 Petroleum Center ............... 00
SOOO Petroleum Center O> 90) Oft
100 Reed Crude .' 3S
600 Sovereign 30
200 Sovereign (s 90) '30
1000 Sovereign - 31
450 Sterling '. 145
2500 Sterling (b 90) . 1 50
1CC0 Sterling (b 30) 1 47V4
MINING STOCKS, ?
The following were the sales In'the San Fran.
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
ilornins Session.' i^fJI^jflffSroS
5C0 Alta 07 600 Mexican ..... 44
200 Best & Bel... 26 SCO Ophir -. .95
1000 Chollar 12 500 Overman .... 08
CCO C C & Va 1 30 600 Potosl • 15
1000 Crown Point. 03 200 Savage ...... 05
600 Gould & Cur. 08 400 Silver Hill... 49
900 Hale & Nor.. 25 300 Silver Hill 50
200 Mexican ..... 43 ICO Union Con... 28
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 05 500 Potosl 15
500 Hale & Nor.. 25 100 Silver Hill... 47
20O Mexican 44 1000 Silver Hill... 4«
100 Ophir ;. 05! 100 Union Con...' 28
100 Ophir. 941
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
¦ ; • Mornlns Session.
COO Belcher ...... 05 700 Ophir .". 94
500 Best & Bet... 2t> 200Potosi 15
- 400 Chollar 11 100 Sierra Nev.... -24
200. C C & Va 1 30 200 Silver Hill... . 4»
SOO Confidence ... 61 400 Union Con... 28
300 Mexican ..... - «
."";*., Afternoon Session.
500 Andes .04 SOO Ophir 93
200 Beat & Bel... 2tt 200 Potosi ' 15
200 Caledonia ... 40 200 Sierra Nev... 24
200 C C & Va 1 30 800 Silver Hill... 80
200 Confidence ... CO 200 Silver Hill... " 4»
30O Gould & Cur. 08 SOO Silver Hill... 43
400 Hale & Nor.. 21 300 Union Con... 2tt
100 Mexican 44
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS. . ;
WEDNESDAY. .April .2—4 p. m.
" " Bld.Ask. * ' Bid.Ask.
Julia — 04 Justice. 08 09
Alpha. ..02 03 Kentuck ...... 01 02.
Alta* ........ 06 07jLady Wash.. — 04
Andes ....... 04 05-Mexican 43 44
Belcher 05 C6 Occidental .... 08 10
Best & Bel... 25 27 Ophir 94 95
Bullion 02 03 Overman .... 06 08
Caledonia ... 4(5 4SiPot6sJ :......" 14 15
Challenge ...-.IS 20 Savage .. 05 06
Chollar 11 • - 12i Scorpion . . . .\ ' — 04
Confidence-..: 60 «K!;Seg Belcher.. 01 03
C C & Va 1 25 1 30; Sierra Nev... 24 2B
Con Imperial. — 01 Silver Hill... 45 48
Con N Y 01 02St Louis..... 09 —
Crown Point. 03 04 Syndicate ... — 08
Kureka Con.-. IS — j Union Con... '25 27
Beans and Seeds.
A further, decline in Lima and large ; white
Beans is ' reported. ' These sorts are more'de
pressed'than'the others, but a feeling of weak
ness pervades the whele market, while the de
mand Is light. ' ¦ !
BEANS — Bayos, $2 40@2 CO;- small White, $2
@2 50; large White. $2 10@2 25; Pea, $3 50@4;
Pink. $1 80@2 10; Red, $2 00; Blackeye, $4 50©
4 75; Limas, $3 75@4; Red Kidneys, $3 50@4
per ctl. .¦
i SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 G5; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Canary,
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%@llc;
California,: lQ@10%c; , Rape," l%@2Vic; Hemp,
3%c tier lb. :¦¦¦¦'
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60@2; Green, $100
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
Hay is easy and Bran, . Middlings , and ¦ Rolled
Barley are firm. ¦ . , ... - ov"
•¦' BRAN— $16@1C 50 per ton. '
' MIDDLINGS— 519 5C@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@2(J; jobbing,
$26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, . $20@21 ; Corn Meal,
$29@2U 50;- Cracked Corn, $29 50@30; Mixed
Feed <$10@17; ¦ Cottonseed Meal, $2B 50."
HAY — Wheat, : $D@11 50; Wheat and Oat,
$S50@ll; Oat, $8@10 50; Alfalfa. $S@11; Cio
ver, $7@9; Volunteer. $0 50@S 50; Stock. -$C©8
I STRAW— 4C@C5c per .bale.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There i3 no further change to report;
DRESSED MEATS. .
! Wholesale rates .from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.. . •
VEAL— Large. 8@8%c; small, SVs@10o per
pound. ' '
MUTTON— Wethers, S%@9%c; Ewes, 8®SVsC
per poucd.
LAMB— Yearlings. 9@10c per lb; Spring
Lamb, 11%@12%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
. LIVESTOCK . MARKET.
- The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, S%@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin C0W3. 4@5c per lb.
"CALVES — i%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%@4e per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 50©2 75 ptr
head or 5%@0c per lb llveweight; yearlings,
4%@5c Per lb. - .
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6&
©6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6Vi@6%c; feeders,
5:£<j§t;i,ic; sows, 20 per cent oft: boars, 50 per
cent off, and stags 40 per cent off from the
above quotations.
do.' 7-months. 9<gllc; Foothill, ll@13c per lb.
HOPS— ll@12c for. fair and 12%@13%c per
Ib.- for -good to choice, 4 first i hands. . '
up at $10 72%; May ]ard closed 2>/.c ! higher a'
$9 SO. and- May ribs .7 %c higher Sat $8 07%.
v The leading futures ranged, as 'follows:; < '. •
THE SAN EKANCISGO Oi^LL, THXJBSDAY, APRIL 3, 1902.
Foreign' Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
. LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Stock Market
KEW YOlhc, April 2.— The naming of tli«
tntml active etcck.in to-day's market is In it-
11
Articles — " Open. = High.
Wheat No. 2—
May. ........... : 71% ¦• 72%
July ..-......:..;• 72%/ . 7:i
September ...'.".¦• 72% .¦ 12 Ta
Coin No. 4 2 — ,.-... ¦":'.. ¦
May Cl/% 00%
July 01 Ji «1 Ms
September ..... 50 5!)«4
Oats ¦ No. 2—
May. -42 42%;
July 3-H4 31%
September 2'JM, 2'J^i
Mess Pork, cer bbl^
May .. ....:;.. .10 63 16 SO
July ........ ...10 SO- IB 05
I^ard, cer 100 lbs— :•¦ • .: •:
May ........... 0 85 ' 9 00
July 8 87^ 9 05 .
September ..... 9 97% 10 05
Short tube, per 10O lbs
May ............ S 00 . 8 97%
July' . ...... 0 02J5j 9 10
September ;....O 15 J 17%
i.
i
i
. »Low. Clcs».
.7114 72.
'\72^; 72%
. '.t'i'2% ; 72%
•60 .' ' . CO^i
eo«i oi%
- 50 59?i
42 42%
29% ;29y 3
16 65 " 16 72%
16 SO 16 85
9 80 9 80
ft 87 'A 9 90 .
0 07%. 10 00
• 8 90 .8 97%
» 02% 0 07%
;.O 12 %. 9.17%
STATIONS.
B
e
I
n
t
E S
e? is
? ?
o
ft
a
E*
sr"*
n
I
o"
Aetorl* Z .29.86
Baker 29.88
Cirnon 29.86
Kureka 2».&6
Fresno 30.00
Flagstaff ....VH.'iS
Pocatello, Ida
Independence.. 29. 88
L<os Angeles.. 30. 04
t'hoenix 29.66
Portland 29.86
Red Bluff 29.88
Roseburg ,...23.80
Sacramento . .29.98
Bait Lake 29.88
San Francisco.30.02
S. L. Obigpo..a0.08
Ban Diego 30.02
fieatte 29.82
Spokane 29.94
Neah Bay 29.JS8
Walla Walla.. 29.8S
Winnemucca. .29.88
Yuir.a .29.88
58
ho
50
D8
62
51
58
€2
74
M
&8
«0
«0
50
GO
<U
58 •
S4
46
SO
60
60
7<J
42 S Cloudy T.
40 W Kain .08
32 W Clear T.
42 S Cloudy T.
42 SE Pt Cldy .00
36 SW Ooudy .00
28 * T.
32 SE Pt Cldy .00
44 W Cloudy T.
CO NW PtvCldy .00
_40 NE Cloudy .24
42 SE Clear .GO
36 6W Cloudy .02
42 S Clear .00
44 NE Clear .01
44 SW Clear .00
36 W Cloudy .00
50 NW Cloudy .01
.44 NE Pt Cldy .02
42 SE Rain .20
44 E Cloudy .10
44 S Pt Cldy .16
30 SW Clear .00
50 SW Cloudy .00
Temperature — 7 a.
m..
40 degrees.
STATIONS.
B
e
I
n
t
E S
e? is
? ?
o
ft
a
E*
sr"*
n
I
o"
Aetorl* Z .29.86
Baker 29.88
Cirnon 29.86
Kureka 2».&6
Fresno 30.00
Flagstaff ....VH.'iS
Pocatello, Ida
Independence.. 29. 88
L<os Angeles.. 30. 04
t'hoenix 29.66
Portland 29.86
Red Bluff 29.88
Roseburg ,...23.80
Sacramento . .29.98
Bait Lake 29.88
San Francisco.30.02
S. L. Obigpo..a0.08
Ban Diego 30.02
fieatte 29.82
Spokane 29.94
Neah Bay 29.JS8
Walla Walla.. 29.8S
Winnemucca. .29.88
Yuir.a .29.88
58
ho
50
D8
62
51
58
€2
74
M
&8
«0
«0
50
GO
<U
58 •
S4
46
SO
60
60
7<J
42 S Cloudy T.
40 W Kain .08
32 W Clear T.
42 S Cloudy T.
42 SE Pt Cldy .00
36 SW Ooudy .00
28 * T.
32 SE Pt Cldy .00
44 W Cloudy T.
CO NW PtvCldy .00
_40 NE Cloudy .24
42 SE Clear .GO
36 6W Cloudy .02
42 S Clear .00
44 NE Clear .01
44 SW Clear .00
36 W Cloudy .00
50 NW Cloudy .01
.44 NE Pt Cldy .02
42 SE Rain .20
44 E Cloudy .10
44 S Pt Cldy .16
30 SW Clear .00
50 SW Cloudy .00
Temperature — 7 a.
m..
40 degrees.
Articles — " Open. = High.
Wheat No. 2—
May. ........... : 71% ¦• 72%
July ..-......:..;• 72%/ . 7:i
September ...'.".¦• 72% .¦ 12 Ta
Coin No. 4 2 — ,.-... ¦":'.. ¦
May Cl/% 00%
July 01 Ji «1 Ms
September ..... 50 5!)«4
Oats ¦ No. 2—
May. -42 42%;
July 3-H4 31%
September 2'JM, 2'J^i
Mess Pork, cer bbl^
May .. ....:;.. .10 63 16 SO
July ........ ...10 SO- IB 05
I^ard, cer 100 lbs— :•¦ • .: •:
May ........... 0 85 ' 9 00
July 8 87^ 9 05 .
September ..... 9 97% 10 05
Short tube, per 10O lbs
May ............ S 00 . 8 97%
July' . ...... 0 02J5j 9 10
September ;....O 15 J 17%
i.
i
i
. »Low. Clcs».
.7114 72.
'\72^; 72%
. '.t'i'2% ; 72%
•60 .' ' . CO^i
eo«i oi%
- 50 59?i
42 42%
29% ;29y 3
16 65 " 16 72%
16 SO 16 85
9 80 9 80
ft 87 'A 9 90 .
0 07%. 10 00
• 8 90 .8 97%
» 02% 0 07%
;.O 12 %. 9.17%THE SAiN; CALL, ; THXIKSDAY^ AJb^lL 3, 1902.
12
nPSIJfESS CHANCES— Continued.
NOTICE. to buyers — It will pay you to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO., 313 Kearny st, room 1. • . ¦ • ¦
A to buyers and sellers: John Lun-
dln is not Jn my employ or connected with
my office in whatever business he may trans-
act P. S. DE LUCA. SIS Kearny st.
$S00— CONCERT hall on sporting location, with
an upright Gillman piano, new cash register;
rushing business; positively clears over $300
month; fixtures alone woath the money; rent
$40; great chance; don't miss It P. S. DE
LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny Bt., room 1. ' . -
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand investiga-
tion. P. S. de Luca & Co., 318 Kearny, r. 1.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
fc50 Market st. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Azent
Property Bought find Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business '
, " Asent.
GENTLEMAN or. lady who can reach people
with money to Invest in a company owning
a mountain of low-grade gold-bearing ore
; superior to Tread well mine or Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or Invest in a paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
$300— PARTNER wanted in established busl-
ness; $18 to $25 week, with chance to In-
crease; no experience required. 25 Geary
st. room 4.
A PROTESTANT Christian man or woman
with $2000 or more to back up a new busi-
ness should investigate my proposition. Ad-
dress box 4677. Call offlce.
$125 WILL buy a coffee and chop house; doing
nice business. Apply 796 Folsom st,
FOR SALE — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10,000 inhabitants with monthly pay
loll of $120,000; stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will Invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165, Vallejo, Cal.
A FIRST-CLASS meat market doing a good
business; owner has other interests and
wishes to retire from business. For particu-
lars inquire at this office.
W — $125 BUYS $250 cigar stand; best location;
fine business. Call at '245 Third st
INVENTOR wants partner. 2 Golden court, off
Sacramento St., near Leavenworth.
PERSON wants to exchange city paper route
for country route. Box 4602, Call offlce.
FOR sale — Good paying restaurant. 416 3d st.;
living rooms; owner going_north.
FOR sale — $1200; grocery and butcher com-
bined. BOX.4GC1. Call offlce.
CANDY store and factory for sale at half its
value; bargain. 147 Sixth st ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Ca\l advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
LODGlVG-HOUSCS FOK SALE.
ANY of the following on monthly payments:
25 rooms; clears $125 '.$1250
33 rooms; near Market; snap 2100
125 rooms; clears $450; only 7000
30 rooms; clears $150; payments 1500
9 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only. • 375
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. 3500
I 20 rooms ; clears $75; only 350
40 rooms; clears $108 -. 800
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
900 Market st. cor. Ellis.
$500 — 8 ROOMS: clears $100; big transient
trade. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
___________________
1026 MARKET ST.— 102G MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms, rent $22, good furniture, only... $350
20 rooms, rent $50. income $135 950
24 rooms, rent $55, central....: 1650
38 rooms, rent $80, money-maker 2250
31 rooms, rent $100, just listed. 2100
45 rooms, cheap rent a sacrifice 2500
500 other houses on our list to select from ;
telephone Jessie 2211.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
650 Market st— {Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. .
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses* to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-bouses or business
to sell, list with us ; buyers call ; we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats: all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
A — Near The Call building.
• . Telephone Black 1-8-0-3. i
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
•»^ MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market — Some bargains:
t-650 — 15 rooms; Market st.
$375 — 19-room house, Jackson st
$200 — 7 rooms; rent $15.
$3000—30 rooms; and CO more houses. "
Some good bargains. Only honest trade.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-housts, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 120« Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 < pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SFIR1TUALISJ1.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits steak lace, to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J; J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1; -
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
GRANDEST benefit materializing seance ever
given by C. V. MILLER: friends only admlt-
ted; 8 p.m.;$l. 1084 Bush; phone Larkin 4133.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HODGSON'S test circle to-night, 10c- sit-
tings daily, 25c up. 21(5 Golden Gate ave.
PROF. GEE, 8*4 G. G. ave.— Readings. 50c-$T;
' $1 readings in circle Tues.Thurs.Fri. night,25c
MADAME CAPELLE, clear-seeing life reader!
122 Taylor st.. room 5.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335~ilcAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all trvnlght: 10c.
ii CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. EERNARD* '
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bidg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life," or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4580.
A — 50c and $1; PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist/ card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
eettlrs lovers' quarrels, reunites separated
tells whom you will marry; how to win man
or woman you love; mail $1; send date birth
lock hair. C questions. 1007^4 Market, nr. Oth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARICE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et, cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; fend trtamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
IS VAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op-
pcslte Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. ra.
to 5' p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. . •* ,
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c.
gents $; palm: and clalr. git $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 320 A Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MRS. HANSEN, clairvoyant card reader and
palmist; 25c. 148 Sixth st. room 14. -
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
road accurately L. 25c. G. 50c. 521 U, Eddy.
A — Mrs. • Mel vill. wonderful clairvoyant water
reader, has returned. 11 6th; German spoken;
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c : from 1 to 8. 262 Minna Et, nr. 4th.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st. room
22, second floor: horoscopes caet'by mall.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
. spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c
MRS. BROWN. -clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c. gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CHIROCODISTS. ' ~~~
'¦ DR. WM. LECK~105^Enisr^ooms r~2^Corns
. extracted, painless; ingrowing nails cured.
COLLECTION OFFICES."
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No' charge
unless successful.- Room 310. 927 Market St.
. COTTAGES TO LET. •
MODERN cottage, 4 rooms and bath; rent $20
,218 Locust ave., bet Van Ness and Franklin.
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISHED.
A FURNISHED residences and flats In all
parts of the city, $30 to $350; call to see us;
we can suit you. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms and bath; rent
$20; furniture for sale cheap to tenant 672
- Harrison st. .
;¦; . HOUSES FOR SAIjE *
NEW house, 7 rooms; sun all day: fine resl-
'dence district; Portola st. oft Waller, ket.
Pierce and Steiner. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.
IXVEST.1IEXTS.
IF you have money to Invest let THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY. 137 Montgomery st,
S. F.. know It. Call or write for particulars.
LOST AI«D FOOD.,
LOST— On Gough st, bet. Turk and Golden
Gate ave., leather purse containing owner's
card, gold pencil and small change. Return
- to 730 Gough st. and receive reward. :
LOST— Carved leather purse containing - small
' change and diamond ring; ring valued as
"keepsake from dead mother. Liberal reward
offered If returned to 941 Filbert at. Oakland.
LOST — Smith & Wesson 38-caliber. pistol, 5-
lnch barrel. • and scabbard at the Oakland
racetrack; $4 reward. Return 1708B Waller.
LOST — Sunday, plain gold locket. Initials M.
B. M. NORTON. 122-132 Sutter st
LOST — Sunday. . on Market st., gentleman**
fob; name on back; reward. F. A. BUR-
DEN. 1106 Van Ness ave.
$50 — LOST on leaving steam cars at Cllft
House Sunday afternoon, a diamond stud.
Return to M. H.. 2134 O'Farrell st. and r«-
celve reward. ¦ •
LOST— Cocker spaniel dog. black, white lln»
on breast: tag number 4057. Return to P. E.
HASLETT. 2298 Baker st; reward.
LOST — Silver beaded purse containing letter
- with address. Reward at C23 Market at.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the. Calif or-
nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and silver to make new watch eases.
MATIiniOMAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. H 1SS7: reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellla.
MATTRESSES AMD PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows: wlndo— r
shades. J.F.Hotter,712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
M1SCE-LAXEOPS— •FOB •SAXJB.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st
35 H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable
boiler complete 1300
40 b. p. Heine safety tube boiler 150
40 b. p. Atlas engine 22S
30x8 feet return tubular boiler 18O
48x16 return tubular boiler... .......... 350
8 h. p. upright boiler 73
- 10.000 feet water pipe, all sizes: belting till
you can't rest H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $65. Port-
land Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton st.
$10 — DOMESTIC sewing machine in good order.
1571 Market St.. near Twelfth. .
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd and Erannan.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d eta.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines' and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ¦
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg-y.
MAGIC lanterns new and 2d-hand moving pic-'
tures. BULLARD & BEECK. 131 Post st.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine:
good order; comi»iete; . cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes.- new and 2cl-han<l
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission at.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.T 417-423 Sacramento st
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1..
MISCELLANEOUS WA.VTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Offlce. 25 Stockton at; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — A good upright piano; must ba
very cheap for cash. Address Upright, box
4610. Call offlce. 1 [_
I - WILL pay good cash prices for old sea'-"
. skins; send postal; will call. Box 4337. Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectricalWk3.,41STurk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2851.
- MOXEY TO LOAN.
A— HERMAN~15u'R^»H^rriM-602 : ExamlneTDds
...$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates.........
¦ m On First and Second Mortgages
,.,.....On t Llfe Interests in Estates
..Property Being Held In Trust
' V.. . .Undivided Interests In Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates -in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY...
.See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5'i and 6 per cent in sums to suit:
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. - Manhattan Lean Co.,
Tel. "Red 5024: 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages. ...........
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate. .
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere-
; .R. McCOLGAX
.24 Montgomery st, room 3. ........
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates., legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
.HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
t liberal advances - on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 849
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
: ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st, room 7, opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT C per cent. In sums to suit In city;
$150,00O~on large ranches at fair rates; *ec-
! ond mortga. R. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON realf estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture" or pianos: jxo removal; any. amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st. room .itt.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furnl-
' ture pianos: no removal: low rates: conflden-
1 tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market
• S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salariel
t people on their note. '
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON. furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6S.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
' party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. SOI Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianoa.
furniture, etc., at 2% without removal; no.
brokerage charged: confidential ; open eves.
: O. A. LANE. M:Us building, will loan sums to
I suit: Interest low;. also easy payment loans.
• $10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.; private
; party. St. Ann's bldg.. <5 Eddy, rm. 72, 4th flr.
' Private party; confidential; lowest rates: pianoa
• m & furniture; no removal. Garthel3. 208 Post
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each*
' $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. L
• Money loaned salaried people without security.
' . HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Eic. 431 California.
; CASH loaned salaried peopl,- on. note without
indorser. MORRELL. f09 Examiner bldg:
! 3% ON furniture and planes; $15 up: no re-
moval. Phone Black 17C9. Room SI. 6 Eddy.
• ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
. strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
'. IF you want a home-I will loan you money to
r buy It. A. E. RUDSLL. 222 Sansome st.
. LOANS money on ralary: no indorser:-Eastern
. . plan. Western Lean Co.. SO Phelan bMe.
'A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
. - 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing: t\ p»r year.
- • 3IOXEY WANTED.
: YOUNG man with good enterprise wishes I to
borrow money; good reference*. • Box 4C01.
; HELP'^WANTEp— -FEMALE-— Cow.
WANTED — ' " ' ' ' "' ' ' '" — "
'¦; Experienced : operators on • men' s -' fine - shoes ;
¦ skivers,:, vampers; • stitchers, '- folders; '¦¦- good
wages; steady employment.: - - ','-•-;" ' ' . ;
Apply ROSENTHAL. FEDER &. CO., '
;134 Main st...
EXPERIENCED waitress;- also bright, active
girl to learn, y 725- Market- sf .'•- - : >.'--: ¦¦ '
STRONG young woman to assist in ' ? restaurant
: pantry 3 hours for lunch.\ -725 Market -st -„.
GERMAN, girl for 4-year-old boy;, good wages.
,Call to-day, 1305 Van Ness ave. ; ¦¦,.".';
YOUNG girl ; for light housework. - 1053 Market
St., upstairs. -,-., . ¦ '/. ¦.;/'¦'--.'¦ - ¦
WANTED— First-class talloress to -help on
pants and vests. . 439 Bush st. ;. .' "..- .. '.
WANTED— Girl for light ., housework. 1515
Grove . St., . near ' Baker. • ¦....'-'.-¦¦ ¦ •¦ ¦
¦•; ¦. ! " T"^ ¦ ,¦¦¦-. . . .- ¦ ¦-- ¦ -..: ; :
PANTS finishers wanted at 225 Natoma st
WANTED— An experienced : waitress. Apply
20 Third st. •¦,,,- ; . ' ¦-', -i- \
WANTED— Skirt and waist hands. Apply. 706
.; Sutter st. <¦¦ .
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit altera-
tion hand. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS'. ;.: •-'.''¦ "V-
FINISHERS on coats and - pants, stealdy work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
. Market rst. . . ¦••-•: '¦ * : '
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
'¦¦ Market st. ¦ ¦ . . -y-'. ." "-¦.'' ,;.-'.. .-¦. :¦¦
WANTED^ — Respectable Protestant • girl ¦ or wo-
man of middle age, competent to do . house-
work and cooking In family of two aged peo-
ple, ¦ short distance In country; \ a good | and
'.', permanent home ; wages ¦ $10 to $12 month.
P. O. box 62, Centervllle. Alameda Co.. Cal.
WANTED— 3 girls to learn halrdresslng. maa-
sage. manicure, switch, wig making, in 2
vrks. ; take charge of ' private customers; as-
eured $50 per mo.; course $5; day, eve. class:
bring ad ;worth $1. College.233 Geary, r.13-15.
WANTED — Experienced examiners on shirts;
also girls to fold; paid by the day. Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO.; 29 and 31 Battery st.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces- 1
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont |
St.. MR. DAVIS. :..:'
GIRL for general housework;: small' flat: 3|
adults; $15.' 911 Devisadero St.. . near Me- j
Alllster. . . -.' .
WHOLESALE house desires services of self-
reliant woman of pleasing address for a po-
j sition of trust. Box 4633. Call offlce.
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32% Fremont st, MR. DAVIS. -
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' silk waists;
steady work: good pay. S. . F. Mfg. Co.,
. 523 Market st. .'¦..--.. ¦ -, — —
At PaclficHalrdressingCollege.Murphy bld.,r.94;
halrdresEing.massage.manicurlng, wigs, switch,
etc. ;course,$5;2 . wks;posit!on secured ;day;e>e.
GIRL who understands bookkeeping; apply be-"
tween 9 and 10. B5t> Mission st. third floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' wear to work in fac- j
tory. C5ti Mission St.; third floor. . *
GIRL who understands stock keeping, j 656
Mission St.. third floor.' - .' - • ¦¦¦.',:.•¦
FRENCH-SPEAKING dry : goods : saleslady
wantetf. Box 4648. Call offlce. - . .-
OPERATORS on shirt waists; steady work;
good pay. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome.
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty |
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.,.32> / 4 Fremont st, MR. DAVIS. • 1
YOUNG girl to assist with housework small I
.family; call mornings. 1440 Buchanan st. i
WANTED-^GIrl for general housework . and j
7 plain cooking; small family. 3823 Nineteenth. 1
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker wanted;;
wages $12 to $14 week. 500 Kearny. r. 2. ,
WANTED— A girl to' do second work and as- !
slst with baby. Call 116 Broderlck st.
APPRENTICE gl>ls 'on coats; paid while learn-
lng. 1020B Folsom St. . j
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32>£ Fremont
St., MR. DAVIS. - . \ •
GIRLS 14 to 17. for factory work: apply at
once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Experienced apprentice on : vests;
'-, paid while learning. 504 Eddy st
GIRL i for general - housework , and plain cook-
1ns in small German family. - 1444 ¦ O'Farrell.
CHAMBERMAID, wanted- at .the Manhattan
House, 8i'5 Battery st. >r ., -¦ ¦..,. .- ¦ ' - ¦-
EXPERIENCED operators ¦ on ' ladles' silk
Vi'alsts. 050 Mission st..." third -floor, r . 1
EXPERIENCED bookfolders • and I apprentice
wanted. BUSWELL CO.. 530 Clay st. . j
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
TYPEWRITING taught, $5 full course; short-
hand speed class. $2 mo. 927 Market r. 305.
CLASSIFIED advertisements. and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been - established at -101)0
Valencia st. .-.."..-'-¦ - '. '
. HKL1', WAM'ISO— HALK. .
MURRAY &: HEAD Y ....... '..Phone -Main- 5S4S !
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. .
034-636 Clay St. ' :
Office Open 7 a, m. ¦
FOR NEVADA
State of Nevada...: .....'.: Free fare
COO Railroad Men.
Gang of teamster*. ..-..Gang of -drillers
Gang of laborers Gang of rockmen
Extra gang. ..¦..........'.... ...Section gang,
1 Wages $2 to $3 50 per day . !
Free fare • '..Ship morn and night !
Wagonmaker, camp ... '. ..'....'. $3 day
2 carriage painters; -carriage blacksmith.... !
2 miners, north, 8 . hours' work. $75
Miner, shaft work;; bench hnnd. r.'.
4 laborers,- no experience, mine.. $42 & found
2 laborers, gold quartz mine .' '. .$'50
3 muckers ; $00; , navigator, .bay launch;
buggy washer, $60; 3 stablemen; 25 laborers.
• city and short distance in country, $1 75 and
?2 day; 5 2-horse scraper teamsters, $27.50
. and found'. ......... ....:.....
..:....,.. FOR AN ORCHARD.
6 handy ¦ men for a large company's orchard
' to make themselves generally, useful, later oa
fruit plcklns ............ :...«-.';... .......
SAWMILLS AND YARDS ;. . . .....
Id laborers.' no experience required, to work
in .yards and mills .......... ,$2G and found
.......... . . MISCELLANEOUS . ."
32' farm, orchard and' vineyard ..hands.- $20
und $30;; 15 milkers.' different places; $30 and
$35; milkers,! $35. fare paid: 3 dairymen; 2
. grafters for vineyard; , gardener, : ;$30; 17
choremrn and boys ; 50 woodchoppers. cheap
-......!!!* HOTEL ' DEPARTMENT - V. '. '. X ;'.'.
' Chof cook. 'country hotel. $7f«; 16 cooks, city
and country;. German second cook.' $40; % 3
vegetablemen. $7 and $30 and found;
baker, country shop; second .baker, near city;
elevator boy. -etc. • If you want .work call
( and read our bulletin boards. ...............
MURRAY & READY... .. .634-636 Clay st
4 MINERS, $2 CO to $2 75 'day; electrical en-
gineer; $35 to $40 and beard; porter 1 for bar-
ber ' show. $T to $10 .week; :: carpenter, : $2 50
day and board: 8 -laborers for mill. yard. $26
- to $30 -and "board: . carriage .blacksmith. $3
to $3 50 day; : carriage painters. $1 50 , to
$3 50 1 day; •; carriage . wood ¦ worker,' $3 to ' $4
day; • chee«e . maker, $35; 2 " milkers, fame
ranch, $35; ' farmei s, $:S0; . young man for. dye
works, $2 day and jfound; lronmolders,' core-
makers* men and 'wives and others. J. F.
CROSETT &• CO.. 628 Sacramento st
RESTAURANT second cook, - $63 ; night cook
and .waiter, ¦ $40; •. chODhouse cook, country,
' $40 to : $50; 2 dishwashers for .country, $20
and found; waiters and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO..' C28 Sacramento st
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
59 Third st. near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
.;.:., . . r. RAILROAD LABORERS . . .......
• ..FREE FARE...... FREE FARE......
500 teamsters ...... ~. $2 to $2 50 per day
• Gang of laborers..... ... $2 to $2 25 per day
.-..' - Ship Daily, . .'. .../....
10 laborers, quarry \.. ...... V.. \$2" per day
15 ranch hands. $26 to $30 per month
Milkers and plowman ... $30 , to $40 per month
2 band ' sawj'ers. .' ....;.;.... .$5 ¦ per ' day
.".20 lumber ' pliers ¦;'.'.. '.".%'. '.$2 to $2 50 per day,
Single-hand quartz miner. .;.. .$2 00 "per: day
ANDRE'S 'Offlce. 316 Stockton St.— Fry .cook,
$60; : cook. country^ hotel, $50; 'hotel waiter,.
$:'O : ¦ 3 ; dlshws shers,' .' $25, i $1! " and •. $7 a week :
. silverman, • $25 ;^bedmaker, $5 a week; waiter
' . for- mess,- Institution. ; $25: elevator boy, $15;
bellboy.'. $15: [ second butler.f $45;^2 butlers,
$50 and $40: French cook, $30., ¦
ANDRE'S "Offlce. '¦- 316[: Stockton .'st.^— Carriage
-¦ painters,'- i carriage ¦ woodworkers, ..carriage
" blacksmiths .-, and , helpers ¦ for factory, • coun-
!:• '.try; 'best Swages paid." according • to ability;
j • .correspondence solicited..;. , •'- .;. '.*'.. ;
' A— HOTEL'G AZETTE. 20 Montgomery, rm.. 12.
; Dishwasher and . vegetable : man,? $30 ; . second
I •: cook/. $60; » head " cook; : $50; i 2 waiters, " $30;
1 -..r country, hotels.*.' -; -• . - '¦%• % ' /
I .WANTED— Cooks," <-' .waiters, ,waitress?s, - dish-
washers, > vcsetablemen, - porters: : also kitchen
help : .; no S foe. •: Apply -: Independent ; Employ-
. . raent ; Bureau,". 526 ; Montgomery 2 st.,' room j 1.
MAN ; that :; will * loan • $200 to 1 ea rn • barber's
trade; board; room and tools 'furnished.; Box
4640. Call offlce. '
A ; GENTLEMAN J of : indomitable '- energy and
push ; - good - opportunity^ for . right > man. 'F.
PERSON, ; room i 412, ¦' Parroti . building."" TV- f,
EMPLO^rsiENT WANTED-— MALE. :
COMPLETE^ first v and-:. well-experienced • gar-
. dener .- in , all the .various branches i of : horti-
culture and, pleasure-grounds decoration, who
" shows • the •• best - references, needs . situation ;
' . private place .-. preferred, v 'Address : LOUIS
: - • KNOAF, : St. .Helena. Sanitarium. Cal." . ¦. ¦_'
SOBER; f steady,' middle-aged ¦ man, - German,
wishes a place . as silverman,' porter or . night
: watchman; : best of: references. -• Address G.
: MYER.;(i21 California Et.V , - -:¦.¦-¦ ¦: '¦':''¦•;.¦
GARDENER, first-class, strictly! sober and re-
y liable,;- can , furnish the • best /of •- references;
wishes position "private -place, or. Institution.
Address.S. P.,. box 4669,;Call.
POSITION as cook for 24 students or a ranch,
a camping or surveying party. Address box
v. 4600. Call offlce. - - , ¦ ; . :
COLLEGE graduate in mechanical engineering;
3^ years' experience In electric work; willing
¦ to work up. Box 4067. Call of flee.-: \ ; .
BARTENDER— Neat and competent young bar-
tender^ wants-position; city or country. Ad-
dress box 4C53. Call office. . •'¦'-'•.'. ¦"'¦ ' :
GROCERY . clerk with city experience and ref-
erences wishes ¦position; vrages : no; object
Address^ box 4029. Call office. . . '
WANTED — By an experienced gardener, a po-
- sition. Address FRED EHLE, general dellv-
ery, San. Francisco, t. .... ;
SITUATION wanted by. competent laboring ex-
/ tract maker. -Address A. B., Postofflce, sub-
statlori No. 29. ; :. . .
COOK wants. position cooking- and general
housework; city or country; references. Box
4650. Call office. . : . . -r ' . - '
A RELIABLE and trustworthy person wants a
.position as night watchman, etc.; has Al ref-
' erences. Address E. J. BRUL. 324 Bush st.
COACHMAN ; wants position with private fam-
• ily. city :or- country;- references.-' Box 4660,
Call office. ,.: i ; ' " ' v
INDUSTRIOUS gardener, understands care of
horses, buggies, cows, . vegetables, lawn, flow-
ers; In private family;' willing and obliging;
references; country preferred.' Box 4642, Call.
OFFICE man wants i position ; foreign experi-
ence; banking, commerce - correspondent In
several languages; bank references. • Address
box' 4655,, Call office.., .
JOBBING blacksmith and shoer. married and
steady, • wishes a- situation; city, or country.
Atidress F. A. M., box 4643, Call offlce. .
YOUNG German i swishes position as assistant
bartender or work of any kind by day time.
: Box 4591. Call offlce. . ; V ::
A FIRST-CLASS restaurant ' and merchants'
lunch cook,. steady man; would like to get em-
ployment ¦ 535 Minna st. •
EXPERIENCED Chinese cook wants position
in private family; $35. per month. -Address
CHONG WING. 902 Clay St.
LANDSCAPE ! gardener i and . florist wants po-
sltlon. Box 4(344, Call. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ,has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ' :.- - .
' FLATS TO LET. ¦ '
A— SEE the , elegant newTflats on " "Vvashlngton
1 st.;- near Lyon: 7 rooms, bath, marine view.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market St. - ¦ ¦
A— BRAND new flats. 4 to '8 rooms; 539, to 547
Frederick st. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A — CALL and see us for new flats, cozy^cot-
tagea, houses.. SPECK & CO.; 667 Market st.
FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new 6-
room flat; all rooms with bay windows open-
ing on park; sun all day; 10 minutes to City
Hall on Halght-st cars. 47 Portola st. cor-
ner- Duboce , Park. '.first corner west from
Steiner and Waller sts. -', ¦
ELEGANT . new flats ; low . rent ; 755-707 Sixth
ave.; McAllister, Geary, Sacramento and Sut-
ter st. cars to door. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st .^-'
NICE cozy, flat of '4 rooms ; stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $18. : 11 81 A Howard St. x
' FLATS* TO •- I.i<:T— t-LK\ lAiiMU.
FURNISHED 7-room flat for sale. .413 El'.ls
.st; no ' dealers." '. ¦ :
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation ;, new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
-.'-or address main of flee. - 1507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
, and bonds sold; good projects wanted: inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 326 Post
FUR.XITUllt; FOR JJALE.:,
PARTIES going East will sell furniture of two
r rooms and kitchen cheap; nearly new; rooms
¦' can be rented. 1021 Valencia sty room 3.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50. wlth'No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.""
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. WAUGH. "r. 415. Examiner bldg.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st..: payB highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
'"•-¦ GLOVES. ¦•¦•¦".¦
D: & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
warranted; kept In repair. ¦¦ 121 Grant ave.
:. IIKLIV WANTED KK31ALK.
¦A^^"R^^XNSEN^_Tco'. ; ¥r.".Vhone^ranTlS5
. . . . . HOTEL DEPARTMENT .
3- waitresses,. Arizona,^ free fare ........ .$25
50 waitresses, city, country, spring," resort "
hotels . - ........: $20-$30
3 • chambermaids, country hotels - ?20
Chambermaids to" wait '. . . .$20
. Laundress, counted hotel ........... .$25
Chambermaid, same place, short distance.. $20
2 waitresses, commercial hotel. ¦ south, | see
party here, fare paid •.......:..'... ....§25
; . • FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Swedish second, girl, -American lamlly of 2,
~ country, see ; party here, $25, very choice
place; houseglrl, , nice place, Berkeley,, see
-party here, ~ $30; -plenty- of others, $10-$30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. Will
open up ready for business Monday- morning,
the 7th of April, In our new othce, 4fct» liubii
st. between Kearny and Grant ave., opposite
. California . Hotel, where .we shall -be pleased
to see all our old patrons and the public in
general. C. R. HANSEN & CO. •
WANTED— First-class laundress,' private fam-
. ily, $.'J0; .2. ironers,_$9 -week, .country; good
.marker, $9 week fori laundry; cook, summer
resort, $40; French- cook, $30; German nurse, '
$20; 8 second girls, $20-$25; 8 ; cooks, plain
wash, $30; 20 girls, general housework, city
:. and country, $25-$30; 4 waitresses, country
hotels, $25; 6 chambermaids and waitress for
country resort, ¦ $25 ; 6 restaurant 'waitresses,
¦ $7-$8 week; pantry. 'girl; also a dining-room
girl for institution, country, $20 each; girl to
assist in delicatessen. $20. Apply to J.' F.
CROSETT & CO.; 334 Sutter st ."
MRS. M. E."j)AY & CO Phone Main 1575
.. ........ HOTEL DEPARTMENT :......
Hotel housekeeper, commercial . hotel. $30; 6
waitresses, . first-class ' springs. $20; 4 wait-
resses, commercial hotels, $25, fares paid;
- 25 other ' waitresses, city and country,. $20-
$25; 2 restaurant waitresses. $7; waitress,
short watch, $5 60...: ........ ..............
.- FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....
3 cooks, $30; • 2. second girls. $25;, 15 hou.«e
girls, " city - and country, $20, $25 and ; $30;
many very choice reliable ¦ positions .........
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... '..;.. 335 Geary tt.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
.Bookkeeper and cashier, • city restaurant
EXPERIENCED operators on golf 'and nsg-
ligee fronts;, highest*. prices' paid. D; C.
HEGER; 723 Market St. • - .
FINISHERS wanted *; on * custom coats. , 110
> Olive; ave., off - Polk st, -between Ellis and
O'Farrell.
EXPERIENCED , apprentice wanted on gentle-
. men's first-class coats. 105 Ellis et., rooms
. 22 and 23. .. ¦V, ----¦, : , -¦-'-. .-. '.;
2 PIANISTS to play In exchange ; for lessons.
* Hoover University of Physical Culture. 132T
Market' st.- . . • •. '. , .-.;. . .
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion ; good : opportunity . for ¦ right party.
F. - PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
GOOD - maker wanted , In millinery store at ' 692
_ McAllister, st.'. '.:¦". • ',- .-
GIRLS to work on. Incandescent lamps; no ex-
-' perience '. needed.- ; 509 Howard ' st - : -. ;
YOUNG i woman -for flight housekeeping; I $12
: .month. •' Call or address 710 Lombard st. -
COMPETENT glrl. ; - housework and cooking for
* 2; : cottage. .7 Apply- mornings, »1922 Baker, st
WANTED— Milliner's apprentice; ; one that can
sew.' 1003 Flllmore et. •-. ., .. ., -;.:* ;• '
BRIGHT I young ¦ girl to I press children's wear.
-220 Sutter st, room. 25. ,. ; -\..^
FINISHERS on coats. ' s 344 .Tehama st. .'.."'
EXPERIENCED waisti'trlmmers and finishers,
¦ also sleeve finishers, wanted." COX,' 1514 Pine.
GIRL 'to assist : In taking . care . of baby. • Call
2414 .Webster stw-f -.* ;¦ < v - ¦ .
GIRL ¦': for « general ¦'.:., housework; '¦¦¦ Apply -' i 3775
•> Twenty-fifth st.,. bet. 'Fair Oaks and Dolores.
NEAT, girl ' for 1 general fcousewtyk ; ; small j f am-
: Ily; -wages $15. ,"1786, Sutter^ st. .- -.
WANTED— Finisher 'on : custom 'coats; also ex-'
i •: perlenced button -holej. makers. ; ." 14 ,i Harriet.
GIRL" for general 'housework,'! Los Gatos; wages
$25.- -2010 Laguna 8t..-.bet.*l and 4 p. m.
WANTED— 2 .waitresses, i. Call early ; at 1734
Market ; st.; ; opposite Eleventh.' : .
GIRL" wanted to , assist' in 1 light -housework. 4
> Central court, ; off ;Octavla/r near Haight'
HELP WANTED— -MALE— -Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..... .104 Geary st
. . . . . . . . .WANTED ' FOR NEVADA.
.........WANTED FOR NEVADA.'. .......
.".2000 R. R. laborers, teamsters.... ..... $2 day
500 rockmen, muckers $2 and increase
, 10 blacksmiths. .... .V. $3 a day
Steam-shovel engineers and cranemen. . .'.'. . .
..$90-$100 and found
2 cooks . -. . . .-. . . . . ..'. -SCO
• 2 carpenters $3 a day
5 more quarrymen, plug & feather work.$2 50
FREE FARE.. SHIP DAILY. .FREE FARE
100 tunnelrr.en for two new tunnels. $2 to
- - $2 50 per day; 50 outside laborers around the
tunnel, $1 75 a day.
...'.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
S 2 hotel' clerks and bookkeepers.- cooks, -wait-
ers and kitchen help; 6 omnibuses; young
man to learn waiting, country hotel, $25. and
free fare.' .'¦¦'¦¦.
C. R. HANSEN. & CO ....104 Geary st
WILL be ready for. business in our new offlce,
Monday, April the 7th, at. 429 Bush st, be-
tween Kearny and Grant ave.. opposite Cali-
fornia Hotel, where we shall be pleased to see
all our old patrons and the public in general.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.
WANTED '—— '¦ —
Experienced operators on men's fine shoes;
skivers, - vampers, stitchers, folders; good
wages; steady employment.
Apply ROSENTHAL. FEDER & CO.,
134 Main, at
P-ELJABLE," experienced man for wine house;
understands tending bar and selling indoors;
only one with recommendable references
need apply; German-speaking preferred. 13
City Hall square. . - -
A FIRST-CLASS carriage painter. $3 60 per
day: also good boy in carriage shop: refer-
ences. Address box 4552. Call offlce. - ,
WANTED— Steady man as partner with $150;
must be satisfied with $18 to $20 & week; no
night or Sunday work. 36 Geary st. room 1.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man as partner to
attend cash counter in restaurant; guaranteed
$75 per month. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third.
BARBERS— Want to sell a half-interest in a
good paying country shop - and baths. Ad-
dress, box 7948, Call offlce. : ¦-
CARRIAGE ' body maker and painter.
O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave. and Polk st
CUTTER who Is also a coatmaker for coun-
try. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter.
BOY- to learn pressing on coats. BELASCO
6 HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
4 PAINTERS at Washington wharf Thursday
morning.
TAILOR on coats. 344 Tehama st
YOUNG man who understands bookkeeping.
Apply bet. 0 and 10. C56 Mission St.. 3r floor.
CLERK for small corner grocery; wages $25.
• Box 40C8. Call. -. .
- . l i 1 — •
BOY wanted. Ill Clay st
2 . OPERATORS. 1 bushelman; good wages.
2821 Greenwich st. . •
YOUNG man with references for grocery store;
German preferred. 2401 Bush st.
WANTED — Shoemaker at 611 Bush st; good
wages. ¦ ..'¦¦
GORDON pressman. PERNAU BROS.. 543
Clay st.
AN all-round tailor wanted Immediately. "210
McAllister st
BLACKSMITH apprentice . or helper. 2220
. Folsom st. \
GOOD paying 2-chair shop for $75 at 2308 How-
. ard st
WANTED— Walter at 207 Third st.
STEADY waiter that can speak German. I Res-
¦ taurant, 511 Montgomery st . . • -
WANTED— Second waiter for Park Hotel. 26
Turk st.
BOY in tin shop to learn trade. 533 Mission st.
WANTED— A young cake baker at HALKEN-
BERG'S. 1205 Polk st
WANTED — First-class night cashier. Apply
Cal. Dairy Kitchen, 761-7t>5 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on ccats wanted; good
wages; steady Job. S. N. WOOD & CO.,
27 Geary st.
SHIPPED 'free every day — Four-horse scraper
. men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract, Wadsworth, Nev. ; wages, $2 per day:
; board, $5 25 per week;, $2, deposit required;
company will refund same after 26 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 900 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. ,, " v
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch : able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
. Offlce, 40 Ellis' st. San Francisco. ,
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE.; C35 Clay st.
i WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs . Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
A FIRST-CLASS barber wants Job for Satur-
j day and Sunday. Box 4632, Call office.
STATE and U. S. vol. soldiers entitled to extra
pay. Call at 630 Market st. O. E. HOWE.
FRENCH speaking dry goods salesman wanted.
Box 404S. Call offlce.
WANTED — Elderly man to milk 10 to 12 cows.
6U50 Shattuck ave.. Oakland.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD.
624 Markt.: Dast com. Watterson Post,G.A.R.
BARBERS— 3 Archer barber chairs for sale.
Apply 325 Grant ave.
100 MEN for steamers going north; must be
over 21. At HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
SAILORS — Green hands fox all parts. of the
J worlfl.- . Apply at. agents. 213 Broadway.
I WANTED — Young, man who is an experienced
j dry sroods wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.*
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, room 40, Phelan
* big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
A Jdress box 4525. Call offlce.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.", 24 Sutter.
j WANTED — 60 men to take lodging in Catn-
! I bridge House, SA'i Howard; changed hands.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
, 50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
- to 50c.- 563. Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 2C0 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been', established at lOUii
Valencia st.
: HORSES AJTD WAGONS.
NOWHERE. • .'::.""_".;. / . _^, ;.¦;-
2O horses from 11C0 to 1700 lbs; 1 Electioneer
. ly Don Manren; three by Nutwood Boy,
record 2:22; also 1 Norman stallion. SUL-
LIVAN'S Hay. Barn, Mission road, above
• Courtland ave.
A I.OT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st ; also buggies, wagons.
harness, etc : auction rales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
GOOD /second-hand light closed carriage
leather top surrey and phaeton, bike cart and
Bailey pneumatic buggy; cheap. O'BRIEN'S
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st. * * *
! CONSTANTLY on hand and for -sale or trade
I well-lroken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
I ing horses of all grades, size* and style
\ Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st
' WELL-MATCHED black team; single- double-
young : sound ; gentle ; 10CO lbs each • cheap '
j suitable surrey or buggy.. 123 City Hall ave!
j SAN Francisco Veterinary College Fourth aea^
I . sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
I M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 510 Golden Gate avel
i FOR sale, Santa Rosa salesyard^-Just arrived,
j several fine / road and business ¦ horses : n*w
• buggies and harness. 1493 Market, cor." 11th.
I Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, blackboard, sur-
! rey.haraess.work.drtvinK horses. 15th& Valencia
\aN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 5:g Mission. '
, TO LET. -
A— PRINTED list houses^oneTr^end~foT*cir^
; cular. , G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
j APfTBURY 727— $40; ~e"l7gant 0-room house:
i finished basement; fine neighborhood; near
I . PArk / Panhandle, i Owner, box 4652. Call.
( WASHINGTON.- 3810. near " Central ave. — 12^
I ¦ room dwelling: sunny exposure; newly deco-
ratedanci painted: $70.
' [GOUGH, 1120. near O'Farrell— Pight rooms;
! newly painted. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
I Emmery, gt.
! $.W-HOUSE y S ; roonw : also ltirge yard and
Jr-.r basement 1615 Bush st. near Franklin.
C^LRJPJB^BEATINO A^p^JDLEAKINO^
WHEN you become disgusted -with poor* work
send, to SPAULD ING'S- Pioneer Carpet-beat-
I Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Et ; tel. South, 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. jupholster- ,
ing.1213 Market, bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating -Works^-Cleaning,' 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel: Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel; Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.:. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works ;. prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.-
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. ; G.' H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st; tel. Mission 49.7
CONKLIN'S Superior.. Carpet-cleaning Works.
353 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 120. .. ;
J. E. MITCHF.LL Carpet-cleaning and . Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74. '
A-r-DR.~T. S. HIGGINsTo27 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold ¦ fillings, : $1 60: other
fillings, §1; sold and porcelain crowns, , $5
up: plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up. .
Painless extraction. .:'»';
\ I do first-class work" only and guarantee . It.
EIGHT prizes 'for best crowns,' plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or tilling, by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; ' prices
cheapest . and . guaranteed; lady . attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions don? pain-
lessly; teeth without plates-our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free,' $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p..nu; Sunday**,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager".
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st, cor.^Mason —
Expert painless extractors;- skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant R.'C." ANDER-
SON, D. D. S., . proprietor and manager. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; - fillings, 50c;
platea, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at
SEE my new pink* ivory plates; -see my' new
unbreakable bridge: both warranted lifetln-e;
crowns. $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown. 51 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of .teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.— Expert
workmanship only: reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
; MEYER, 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk St.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist'
SET of teeth without olate. DR. H. gT
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School;
corset making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggist*
or at the Hospital. - 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S \ OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free. - ¦ . :
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
' engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions in March; rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College. 123G Market
A — THE -LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or. any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50 r catalogue.
GOLDEN Gate College, 530 Golden Gate ave.,
San Francisco — One month free to those en-
tering for six months; bookkeeping or short-
hand course; positions soon as qualified.
ACTING, elocution, specialties;: Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency j securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hal!.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for allgraduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
SPANISH,French,etc.Prof.De Fllippe'sAcademy
of Languages.320Post;estab'd l$Jl;ablest nrofs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class. $1 month. 1S3C Eddy; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
. etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery, st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 100S Mission; Instruments selected.
$5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
Expert, 302 Van Ness ave. • ¦ . - . . • : .
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION — Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.'
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE - reliable house-cleaning7~cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. . Geo.
Klnoshlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years. •
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help..
JAPANESE and Chinese best, help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 13o.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. 51C-.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-AlapaneseT ChN
nose help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYtlEST WASTED— FEMALE.
EDUCATED North German girl competent to
teach her language and also experienced
r.nrse and seamstress, wants position to take
full charge of small children; highly, recom-
-lended: wages $30. Box 4665, Call offlce. ,¦¦
DRESSMAKER of high ability and experience:
/ fitting and trimming perfection; gowns ren-
¦ cvated; latest styles; price moderate in fam-
ilies. Address J. P., 82C Eddy st, room 19.
WOMAN wants housework ; good cook and
laundress; no objection to short distance in
country. Address three days. 325 Fourth st
RELIABLE lady stenographer and "typewriter
desires permanent position; experienced. ; Box
. 4678. Call office. |
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook; "un-
derstands German and Spanish cooking; best
of . references. Apply 524 , Stevenson st. .
COMPETENT girl wants housework ' with
American family; is a good cook; wages $20-
$25. Please call 319 Golden Gate ave. .
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation to do
second work; good ¦ reference; country • pre-
ferred. 441 O'Farrell Bt' '¦
EXPERIENCED working housekeeper In fam-
ily of adults; good cook and laundress. Ills
East Seventeenth st. East Oakland. Cal. ;
A WIDOW wishes a -position to work part of
the day. Call or address 255 Clara st. .. «... ¦
GIRL wishes situation general housework and
cooking. 344 Harriet st, off Bryant,' nr.' Oth.
WAN TED— Work by - good seamstress with a
dressmaker.' 1053 Mission st. j
WANTED — By a young lady, a position to do
housework: no heavy washing: -,, wages $15.
940 Railroad ave., South San Francisco. ¦
SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER by lady - of
experience. Call S<34% - Mission st.,- ; room ,7.
WANTED ; by - competent -woman, position as
housekeeper for summer resort, family hotel
or family. Address -box 4594, < Call offlce. ¦
SINGLE lady wants position as housekeeper In
the mountains. Box 4257, Call of flc/, Oakld.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $150; per night; $160
to $6 week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage . to and from - ferry. . -
WANT " ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar.- 03'J McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has . been established at ; 1000
Valencia fit. . . . ¦. .^
EMPLOYMENT ' WANTED MAX.K.
SITUATION by middle-aged single man ( about
private place ; good - driver: good :, gardener-
can milk; handy; good references. Box 4G54
-Call offlce. ¦ , . . ; . . '
SINGLE man and sister, want positions, care
of ' farm, ranch or private .- place, ¦ or . some-
thing; experience, and- reference.. "Address
¦'CHARLES DALE.tlM Iftth •> ' Dolrion^ r-=i
SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
O_1L comer of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3S» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p.m.
S16 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntii 9 p. xn.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1090 Valencia street; open until 9 p. nx.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
~ MEKTISG NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of Terba pi
Buena Chapter No. 1. Rose Croix, I
A. and A., Scottish Rite of Free- _J_J__J
masonry, will be held in Com- *W
mandery Hall. Masonic Temple, n
on THURSDAY EVENING. (
April 3. 1902. at S o'clock. P
Election of officers and instal- »-»
lation.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — ~m
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _£\_
EVENING, 7:3o o'clock. Koj-alTHr
Arch degree. By order of the H. P. / >
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
California Lodge No 1. f. and a. a
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) -j#V_
EVENING. April 3. at 7:30 o'clock. jZJt
Stated meeting. By order of the /^^»
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. jk
M. — Stated meeting THIS (THURS- «_#%_
DAY,' EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By T? 3f
order of the W. M. /Vi
FREDOUCK BARRY. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9. F. and A. M.— •
Offlcers and members are hereby notl- _#%_
fied to attend the funeral of -our de- Tff if
ceased brother, JOHN GEORGE *V »
CARR. from the hall of this lodge, on FRI-
DAY, at 1:30 p. ra. By order the W. M.
R. E. ALLAN, Secretary-
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— m
Stated and special meeting THIS _/\
(THURSDAY) EVENING, April 3, "fV
1902, at 7:30 o'clock. Third degree, /^r >
Master Masons are Invited. By order of the
Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. <g_fiffi__r"
O. O. F. — •'Increase Meeting" ¦£j*2*_33cii
THURSDAY EVENING. April
S, 1902. Everybody welcome. -^y/lw J * r
Refreshments. Surprise guaranteed.
WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS. N. G.
TV. TV. CROSS. Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. J. Challen and John A.
Tucker In the Topaz Centennial mine, near
Quincy, Plumas County, to deposit tailings
behind the dam of the Quincy Mining and
Water Company, in Wauponsie Creek, and
from Louis W. Clark and B. D. Dobyns, in
- the Golden Needle mine, near Brownsville.
Yuba County, to deposit tailings in Dry
Creek.- gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 94, Flood building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on April 14, l»02, at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the members of the
Society of Procressive Spiritualists will be
held at their office, S322 Seventeenth st.
SUNDAY. April 13, at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose oi electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such business as may
come before the meeting.
JOHN KOCH. Secretary.
ENGROSSING. :
Resolutions, ptc.. In flrFt-cla«s manner. J. W
GRIFFITH. Kcald's Bus. College. 24 Post 5t.
AGEXTS \VAXTED. ~~~~~~
AGHNTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ASTROLOGY;
HOROSCOPES cart; future predicted: readings
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st
ATIHORXEYS AT LAW. "
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
C13; a*, cases; damages, estates, wills, rnort-
Eagis, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc. ; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick ;qulet;
no charge v.-ithout success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HO'.VE. fC-0 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every ex'ening; low fees; !
all c»fos. J. M. THURSTON. 613 Market st. |
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckelsf"Wdg.. 027 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in advance. |
ItluVcXKi— b'or Sale or lixclicinsc ¦
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell- ;
e«-t thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch, oth-
«.rs; repairing, bills, pumps. 301 Larkin st
.^ .95*!-|. JgTC. ;
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song.
;aiking ond fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquarium:-; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market 6t..betStht9th.
IJUOlvfc MiW A Mi OLD.
BOOKS r.t all kinds bought libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1910.
¦ —————. j
ULSi.NfciSS CUAACt-S.
A— -$1200; RARE chance; notions, cigars, can-
dy and variety More, with telephone an<l
laundry otnee: la booming town across the
nay; place clears above $230 during 8 months
in the year; investigate at once. R. G.
WILKE, 2G>i Kearny st.
WANTED — A partner with $CO'J to act as
cashier in a business; guarantees $150 per
month; references exchangea. Particulars
R. G. WILKIE, 26% Kearny st
RARE chance and great If taken at
once; saloon close to 4 theaters; money
maker; price $750. Particulars it G. WILKE.
2«»4 Kearny et. ftV.^ii
A— ?lt'OO; UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying
establishment on Devisadero st.; rent $25, at
v least ?SUO stock on hand; good business;
sickness cniy cause of sale. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C'/j Kearny st .
•w $300; SALOON with 9 furn. rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $25; great bargain; must be sold at
once. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st
$1500 — ROAD house with grillroom; choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $50, including 4
furnished rooms; a Qrst-class paying propo-
sition. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 20Vi
Kearny st '
$2500 — CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; c. first-class located and
paying business; good and responsible man
win find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE
2ti>£ Kearry st.
A-^2»; BRANCH bakery, dairy produce and
delicatessen; good location; low rent; sjre
busiuets; any one can run it and clear $60
per month. K. KENNY, 73 Third st ,
A— *300; CIGAR store: fine business corner;
low rent; laundry agency pays all expenses;
doing a cigar trade of $10 to $12 per day;
positively clearing $70 per month; best reas-
ong for celling K. KENNY. 75 Third et
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other leglti-
¦ mate business or want a partner in any tair-
paying business see K. KENNY. 75 Third st
Cash customers watting; established 1SCS.
A— CIGAR Stands'. Cigar Stands! Cigar Stands!
30 busy money-making stands, $75 to $20 : J0;
I tell cboice. well located stands only I
Hedges. 4C1-4C2 JParrott bldg.. 825 Market
A — VERY profitable hotel and bar; long estab-
lished; best town this State; 45 rooms; low
rent; 3 years' lease: this house makes big
money. Ask HEDGES. 4Cl-4«2 Parrott bldg.
A — SALOON; busiest corner wholesale district;
always busy; low rent; short hours; price
right to genuine buyer; fullest Investigation
asked; old-est-.bllshed place. See HEDGES
4C1-4C2 Parrjtt bldg.
A — $l£0; PARTNER wanted In old-established
business on Market st. clearlnr $75 per
month to each; duties plain and easily
learned; must have help. Apply 765 Market
et, room 3.
A — $200; PARTNER wanted in established
business; $1S to $25 week, with chance to
Increase; no experience required. 7C5 Mar-
ket st, room 3.
A — IF you have a business or lodging-house for
eaJe we can sell It for cash; established 14
years. Pacific Business Exchange, 765 Mar-
ket st.
A — SALOON on Third Bt, close to Market; 2
rears' lease: fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A— BAKERY and delicatessen in Western Ad-
dition; 4 living rooms; rent $15; clearing $125
month; bargain; $450. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — PARTNER in boxwood business; well es-
tablished; 4 wagons; 5 hnrses; 3 men em-
ployed; bargain; $325. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
$300 — BARBER shop; Fourth, nr. Market: pay-
ments; laundry office pays rent D. McRAE
827 Mission et.
$300 — RESTAURANT: opportunity seldom of-
fered; Ellis Bt; rent $35. D. McRAE. 837
Mission st
ALL kinds of real estate for sale and exchange;
lodging-houses, stores, restaurants, hotels
saloons and many other business chances for
»ale. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st. .
WANTED — Wholesale liquor store or first-class
saloon: must clear over $300 month. Ad-
dress with . full particulars box 4701, Call.
ON account of leaving State, good paying small
business for sale. 717 Mission st
RESTAURANT tor sale. 150 Second et; no
triflers.Union Give Smoker.
Laborers' 'Protectite Union No. 8914
gave a smoker and entertainment at K.
R. B. Hall, 1133 Mission street, last night.
The hall was crowded with member* and
their friends. A 'delightful programme
of .impromptu speeches and vocal and in
strumental music was rendered. Refresh
ments were served and an enjoyable time
was had by all who attended.
Says Brilliant Assaulted Her.
: Charles Otterson filed a suit 'for $10,000
damages : against B. Brilliant, an employe
of the • T. Brilliant Furniture Company,
yesterday. He alleges that the defendant
assaulted his wife, Elfrieda Otterson, and
Inflicted "injuries of -such a nature that
she 'suffers much pain from. them. i ',vi'--
HOTEL i AERIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Smith; Cal -
J D la Mungon, Utah
J Gibson, wf.Stkn -
F Bush, Aurora ...
N C pennis. Seattle
P E Flamnred, Los A
Rev-G B Grey, Merced
Mrs J Carter. Oakland
E P Simmons, Ark t
G W Zohmobeland^ '
.' mother/ Monaca. Pa
Mrs B Soden,' Chicago
W Y Drew. wf. Kans
Mrs ; B D Smith. Cal
C Davidson, Cincinnati
R J Arnold, Monterey ¦
H CBruner, Pontlac
J W Bruner, Pontiac
Mrs G M Doane. Sta M
Mra M Mattocks. StaM
C Keena." Auburn •
Late Shipping Intelligence.
. • ';; .'">., ARRIVED. . -. . :\- r .
1 '¦ -' V . Wednesday, Aoril 2..,
Stmr -Eureka, Jeseen. . 28 hours from Eureka
SAILED
.Wednesday, .April 2.
Stmr National City, Johnson, . Fort Bragg.
..'¦¦';-¦"¦; ¦"- DOMESTIC PORTS.
;-L ASTORIA— Arrived April 2— Ger . ship Osta
fa,' from Santa Roealia: ! off the bar,* and was
ordered to proceedt to Cl'.emalnus. •. -. '.
•"••Arrived (April: 2— Schrs John . A and Lizzie
Vance", '; from *? San -.'Francisco; i'bktn ,- Cbehalis,'
from' San' Franclrco. -' - . -
r, Sailed ! April 22— Stmr Adato, for . Manila :
bark'- Karl Cadogan, for East London; -bark
General** Faidherbe, .' for ~ Queenstown.- ¦ . . -
.PORTLAND — Sailed .April • 2 — Stmr. George
W Elder.; for, San Francisco. VTjCjjjgBMMigiBteJ
; Arrived' 1 April- 2— Stmr. Charles' A. Wilson
Monday)
"A PORT ¦; BLAKELEY— Sailed April 2— Schra
F r S ; Redfleld * and bktn ¦ John' Smith,- for ,' San
Pedro.T^&i^gJiSgSBBBHSMMBttMiBiflABtt
i Alex: Pape was the, best man, while (a
niece of the bride was the bridesmaid.
John "A. Hammersmith, George James and
all the Olympic Club Instructors were in
attendance. 'Among the guests were- Dr.
Keck. Miss O'Connor, Miss Holcomb, Mr.
and Mrs. Crane, Charles Rohrhand and
the bride's relatives.
Sydney St: L. Cavill, the well-known
swimming. instructor of the Olympic Ath
letic-Club, and Miss Lottie E. Sharpe
were married last night, the ceremony
being performed by Justice of the Peace
Dunn, at the. home. of the bride's parents,
325 Guerrero street. L
Sydney St. I*. Cavill Married.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh— H. L. Harris, Los Angeles; H.
Shiels, T. Shucking and wife. Willard—
R. P. Schwerln, A. Y. Ferry, San Fran
cisco. Arlington— G. F. Ellis, A. Knowl
ton and wife, W. M. Knowlton. San Fran
cisco. National— J. Mcllroy, E..B. Wll-
Ilston, Miss F. E. Chatfield.
Californians in Washington.
-Carl Schiffer, a'fruit and produce mer
chant at ' 111 Sacramento street, surren
dered himself at the City Prison yester
day afternoon to answer a charge of fel
ony embezzlement. He was at once re
leased on furnishing $1000 bonds, The
complaining witness. Is Leon Brock, an
importer from Shanghai, China. Brock
went to the Klondike, and while going
through Chilkoot Pass" he was afflicted
with snow blindness'. On his . return to
this city he employed Schiffer as his con
fidential secretary. Brock 'claims that it
was while ; Schiffer was acting in that ca
pacity that he embezzled $500 intrusted td
him. , Schiffer denies the charge.
Accuses . Merchant of Embezzlement.
Santa Clara and St. : Mary's College base
ball teams will clash this afternoon at
Recreation Park, Eighth ¦ and Harrison
streets, to decide which nine Is entitled
to the amateur championship of the State.
Both teams are in superb form and are
undoubtedly ' the cream of the- amateur
talent. . Each team has demonstrated its
superiority over the two universities.
Flynn and Ryan will do the battery work
for. St.' Mary's, while Keefe and Kennedy
will, be In the points for the men from
Santa Clara. A large crowd of rooters
from both colleges is expected and the
affair will be a typical college game.'- Jack
O'Connell of the California League will
umpire. Game will be called at 2:30 p. m.
College Men will Play Ball.
J. E. Schwab, accompanied by his wife,
two 'children and a retinue of servants,
is at the Palace. He is the brother of
Charles M. Schwab, president of the
United Steel Corporation.
F. W. Swanton, manager of the electric
light plant at Santa Cruz, is at the Grand.
Frank H. Buck of Vacavflle is at the
Palace.
C. E. Swezy of Marysville' is at the
Grand.
• T. W. Mather of Napa is at the Cali
fornia.
J. L. Doak of Riverside is at the Cali
fornia.
Former Judge F. D. Nichol of Stockton
is at the Lick. . .
O. McHenry, a banker of Modesto, Is
at the Occidental.
G. A. Daugherty, an attorney of Sali
nas, is at the Grand.
G. "W. Payne, a mining man of Trinity
Center, Is at the Grand.
J. M. Gardiner, an electrician of Los
Angeles, Is at the Grand.
PERSONAL.
There was a legal tournament yester
day in the United States Circuit Court, in
which Judge Morrow broke the record for
the volume of business done in a single
day's session. There ,were three jury
trials, resulting in three verdicts for the
Government; a fourth suit in which judg
ment'- was entered by j compromise, judg
ments rendered by default in the fifth
arid sixth and the seventh/ a patent'ease,
that of Holmes vs.. the Harbor Commis
sioners, placed on trial before a jury and
still in progress. •
In the two cases of the Atlantic, Gulf
and Pacific. Company vs. the Central Irri
gation District of Colusa and Glenn coun
ties, judgment by default was entered for
the lull amounts sued for, respectively
$75,770 and $38,202. The suit was brought
December 31, 1900, to recover the value of
certain irrigation bonds and coupons pur
chased from the defendant by the plain
tiff. v
¦ By agreement of the attorneys on both
sides of the case of Thomas A. Keogh vs.
the Southern Pacific Company, a judg
ment for $2500 was entered in favor, of the
plaintiff. Suit had been brought to re
cover damages for personal injuries sus
tained in a railroad accident. .
¦Three civil actions,. brought on behalf of
the United States Government to recover
the value of timber cut and removed from
Government land in Siskiyou County,
were tried by jury, the Government win
ning .in each case. - Assistant United
States District Attorney E. J. Banning
fought the cases for the Government and
was successful in each instance. The first
was . that of the • United States against
Joseph B/. Le Due to recover $5688, the
alleged value of timber taken: off Town
ships 46 and 47 north, range 9 west, and
worked up into lumber in the Le Due saw
mills between the years 1873 and 1898, the
market price at the mill during that per
iod being $20 per thousand feet. The jury
split the difference and returned a verdict
in favor of the Government for $2500. The
next case was that of the United States
against George W: Magoffey, who bought
the Lie Due mill afterward and followed
in the sawdust tracks of his predecessor.
Judgment .was rendered in favor of the
Government for $4230. The next was that
of; the United States against Eugene F.
Maltby, .a partner of Magoffey." "X.* ver
dict', was . rendered against Maltby. for
$1098. ., .
Transacts Large Volume
of Court Business
in One Day.
JUDGE MORROW
BREAKS RECORD
. W. H. ¦ Mills suggested that trees such
as are in Golden Gate Park should be
planted on the grounds of the St. Louis
Exposition. He believed that permission
could be obtained from the St. Louis
management, and as it is probable that
the exposition will be postponed there
will be time for the trees to grow. The
plantation, he said, would indicate the
semi-tropical climate of this section and
prove an excellent advertisement.
The matter of installing an exhibic at
Ogden was referred to the committee on
exhibits, with power to act.
The following were selected as "the per
manent sub-committees of the promotion
committee:* .' .
Ways and means — -Charles Bundschu, A. R.
Briggs, W. A. Bissell.
Colonization— W. H. Mills, J. A. Barr of
Stockton. N. P. Chipman.
Employment — A. A. Watklns. T. C. -Fried
lander, E. F. Sweetzer.
Advertising — Rufus P. Jennings, C. M.
Wooster, E. O. McCormlck.
.Manufactures — A. Sbarboro. V.'A. Scheller.
Exhibits— W. H. Mills, J. A. Barr, C. M.
Wooster.
This committee is representative of the
banks, real estate, hardware, machinery,
grain and flour, silk, canneries, groceries,
boots and shoes, coffee, tea and spices,
crackers and biscuits, confectionery,
glass works, powder and chemicals, cor
porations, oils, lumber, coal, wine, insur
ance, hotels, breweries, drygoods and
other leading interests of tne city.
P. N. Lillentbal, 'A. ' H. h. Schmidt, George
Tourney, E. B. Pond, Robert J. Tobin, Thomas
Brown, I. W. Hellman Jr., G. W/ Kline, S.
G. Murphy, Homer S. King, J. A. Donaho«>,
A. A. Smith, H. M. J. McMichael, David Rich.
George D. T6y, Fred Magee, Hermann Shain
wald, Charles Miller, Andrew Carrigan, Wake
field Baker, W. R. Wheeler, Thoma3 Rickard,
W. T- Garratt, S. J. Hendy, Willis G. Dodd,
William Thomas, H. Fortmann, H. J.
Knowles, George W. McNear Jr., James Hogg,
T. J. Parsons. E. B. Cutler, T. H. Wheelan,
T. R. Blnny. J. P. Currier. H. D. Loveland.
William Haas, M. Ehrman. Samuel Sussma...
W. B. Wellman, Andrew Dunham. S. Nick
elsberg, George T. Volckman, E. R. • Folger,
John Dunn, L. Saroni, Hugo Rothschild, A.
Heunis^h, Julian Sonntag, J. Berminghanv W.
C. Peyton, A. 'Borel,- A. H. Payson, A. J.
Hlchman, Walter Castle, Clarence Coburn, W.
P. Fuller," Charles M. Yates, James Tyson,
W. W. Van Arsdale, E. K. Wood, Charles R.
Allen, P. C. Morgan, C. E. Bowen, W. J. Dut
ton, Thomas C. Grant, Charles T. Mullins.
C. Kirkpatrick, R. H. Warfield, George Hooper.
Thomas Alton. Charles E. Hansen. Joseph D.
Grant, LIpman Sachs, Lev! Strauss.
The committee that will be recommend
ed to get together the money for the im
migration work is as follows:
Two decisions ' of importance were
reached by the executive committee of
th> Promotion Committee, which has un
dertaken to bring desirable immigrants
into the counties north of Tehachapi. The
first was to recommend to the Promo
tion Committee, which will meet this aft
ernoon, that a large committee, represen
tative of the material interests of San
Francisco, be appointed to solicit sub
scriptions for the work. It was also de
termined that the size of the fund to be
raised shall be $2000 per month for a pe
riod of one year. A resolution was adopt
ed that the money so raised shall be re
garded as a special fund to be expended
under the direction of the Promotion
Committee. President Sbarboro appoint
ed the subcommittees of the Promotion
Committee.
Mrs. Bell also has something to say
about the payment of $5000 to her attor
ney, and the payment of rent for the of
fiC3 now used by the estate. The various
items regarding which an explanation is
demanded are explicitly set forth, the
reasons for the particular action in each
case being given.
Attorney Leicester filed a contest
against some -very small item3 incurred
by Mrs. Bell In the attempted sale of cer
tain portions of the estate. These Items
ranged from $2 50 up to $23.
The various legal propositions involved
will be threshed out on Tuesday next at
11 o'clock, when a preliminary move will
be made to discontinue the family allow
ance of $100 per month now granted Mrs.
Bell. This will be followed by the main
contest over the settlement of her ac
count as special administratrix.
. In her account and answer filed yester
day Mrs. Bell alleges that the opposing
attorneys. Drown, Leicester & Drown,
have gone out into the highways and by
ways and solicited the prosecution of
claims against the estate upon a com
mission basis. She alleges that contracts
have been made agreeing to accept from
15 per cent to 50 per cent of the amount
recovered for claimants against the es
tate.
Among the claims mentioned as. being:
In this category are those of wakelee &
Co.; $220 50; Davis, Schonwasser & Co.,
$2000; Parrott & Co., $345; Goldberg,
Bo wen & Co., $553; Kast & Co., $724;
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association, $1000;
Daniel Sheerin, $12,000.
Mrs. Teresa Bell filed her answer in
Judge Coffey's court yesterday to the
contest of her final account in the estate
of Thomas Bell, deceased. She was rep
resented by Attorney T. Z. Blakeman,
while J. M. Leicester of Drown, Leicester
& Drown represented -the opposition.
There was an. exchange of a lot of docu
ments, reiterating many of the issues
heretofore raised, but presented in new
iorm.
Another Step Toward Bring
ing People to California
. Is Taken. m
Wrangle Over Sundry Items
Promises to Cause Big
Legal Battle.
Sub- Committee Named
to Raise Coin for Pro
motion Work.
Mrs. Teresa Bell Files an
Answer to Contest
¦ to Claimants.
FINAL ACCOUNT
IS IN DISPUTE
ASKS BUSINESS
MEM TO HELP
THE SA^' FRANCISCO CALIi, THURSDAY; APRIL 3, 1902;
13
MAEEIED.
SMITH— EIB— In this city, April 1, 1902, by
the Rev. Frank S. Ford. Ezra Peter Smith
and Louisa May Elb.both of San Francisco.
GROVE, 425% — 3 large nicely furnished rooms;
stove, sunny yard; garden; $11; German
¦ ¦ family. • . . • .
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 2, $10;
2, $15; 3, $20; single, $4 to $7.
(E7"Frlends and .acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, April 3, 1902. at 1 o'clock, from the
residence of his mother, 1605 Dupont street,
thence to the Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason
street, where services will.be held under the
auspices of San Francisco ¦ Parlor No. 49,
N. S. G' W. Also a member of Seneca
Tribe No. 104. I. O. ; R. M. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage^
ItyNotice of funeral hereafter.
WEBER— In this city. March 31, 1902, Charles
- J. Weber, beloved son of Katharine and the
late George Weber, and brother of Henry
¦ and Peter. Weber and Mrs. J. - Krehmke, : a
native of San Francisco, aged 28 years a
months and 25- days. - '
! Ernestlna Smlthi a native of Chicago. 111.,
. aged 23 years and 4 months.
TICKNER— In the City and County Hospital.
April 2. 1902. - John Tickner, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 66 years. ¦ ,
VAILES— In ! this city. . April 2, 1002. Lucy
¦¦ Marie, beloved daughter of James and Laura
Vailes. and brother of Harold Valles, aged 5
- months and 27 days.
WALTJEN— In this city, April 1. 1902, "Wil-
' bert ' Waltjen. beloved . son . of Diedrich and
Margaret Waltjen,' and brother of Alfred
Waltjen and Mrs. Frank Derby, a native of
• ' San Francisco, aged IS years 10 months and
28 days. ' '
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., oppoelt*
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MRS. DAVIES, ladies' specialist, at old office,
122S Market Et. ; no branch office.
DR. ROSEN, ladies' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist. 1007^ Market; avoid delay; $10.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market et.. S. F.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny front parlor with kitchen;
front. basement. suite 2 or 3 rms; yd.; laundry.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle building.
$1000. $1750. $2500 to $3500— Modern cot-
tages; all bargains; choice locations; easy
terms.
$400 to $800— Unexcelled Richmond building
lots; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., near H st.
$500 to $1000 — Beautiful Sunset lots; splendid
view of Park and Ocean; all graded ; on easy
Installments.
$100 to $400 — Graded Ocean Boulevard lots;
all bargains; $5 monthly.
We excel in Prices and Locations.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTa
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 25
years* successful experience in 8. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market st.. op. 4th; fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market-^Reliable ladies'
special 1st: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
Mil years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O Farrell, near Taylor.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University,
Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladles before
and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment, $15; room and board. $5 week; infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private resi-
dence, 606 Guerrero St., nr. 18th; teL Blue 411.
X DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are eick or In trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. O. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 101S Mkt.. op. 5th.
MEDICAL.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
Shanahan Florist Co.
J->i ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.ncarELUS 2S£ 5056
SEVENTH, 28 — 2 sunny furnished rooms, house-
keeping, $16; others, S12, $8, $6; bath, phone.
SEVENTH, 17S — Large cheerful -connecting
housekpg rooms; large yard; stationary tubs.
STOCKTpN. 1206— Model house; single, dou-
bla housekeeping rooms to let; $4, $0, $10;
free gas; stove; bath; sunny. ¦ • ¦ ' •¦
TEKAMA. 478, near Sixth— Two sunny, front
housekeeping rooms; no* children; $9. .
TWELFTH. 40 — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished
for housekeeping.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
Valencia st. ,.
ALTHOUGH "many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
Bssortment of best makes to choose from.
fHEHUAN, CLAY & CO.. Eteinway dealers,
cor. Kearoy and Sutter sts.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
POWELL, 1005, cor. Clay — 2 sunny rooms, $10;
8 connecting. $30; all complete for housekpg.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54. Chronicle building.
Mr. Allen Smith, local agent, 450 Edin-
burgh St., will show lots Sundays.
Get off corner Mlsison st. and Brazil ave.,
walk up to Madrid st.
Don't miss seeing them to-day.
Near Mission st. and electric cars.
Best purchase In this city.. 60 level building
lots; all fenced.
No grading. Spring Valley water.
ONLY $250— $250 EACH.
$25 DOWN, $5 AND $10 MONTHLY.
PINE, 1300, cor. Hyde — Sunny corner furnished
room; gas stove; running water; $10.
PAGE, 14}£ — Sunny front room and kitchen
complete for housekeeping; bath and gas
Etove.
A — EPECIAL sale and special discounts on 100
standard makes, including: 1 Knabe. $98;
1 Haynes, $190; 1 Conover $215; 2 Chlcker-
ing. $1S5; 1 Heine, $290; 4 Steinway. $185:
Rents. $2 up; Installments, $3 up. Over 5000
Heine Pianos are in use in San Francisco,
and not one can be had outside of the com-
r*ny"8 warerooms. All the leading musi-
cians use and indorse the Heine Piano.
Come soon; sale will close on completion of
the new Heine nail 235-237 Geary st.
W LSI CAL INSTRUMENTS.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Nicely furnlshe'd rooms, sin-
gle or en suite; suitable for housekeeping; 10
minutes' walk from center of town. .
MISSION, 2533 — Sunny furnished . modern
rooms; private; first-class In every respect.
MISSION, 945— Nice front room, folding. bed,
complete for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 937, lower — 3 completely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, $12 50.
MARTHA PLACE, 3. oft Geary, near Mason —
Large sunny housekeeping room furnished
complete; $7 per month; call between 2 and
3 p. m. . . ¦ ' -. .
A. E BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomej-y. room
11. Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
$41,000 — Good investment;. Mission, nr. Sixth.'
$43,500 — Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, fiats, etc.
$2375 — A snap; north side Clay st., near
Lyon; fine location for flats.
$17,500 — Three very stylish new sunny flats, 8
rooms; choice location: rents $150.
$10,500^ — Good buy; store and flats; Larkln st.,
near Geary; rents $70.
$5250 — Fine 5 and 6 room flats; on Stevenson
6t., near Thirteenth; rent $45.
$1650 — Dirt cheap; NW. corner Sanchez and
Alvarado sts.; 26:6x105 feet.
. HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM ...REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery st., room . IL
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
JESSIE, 310-7-2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
complete. " . : '
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfura.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; SI 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; cci?ts you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell -st. : established 1850.
A-*— FREE, list furnished rooms to let;, with or
without board ; we save you walking the
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 Montg'y.
WE are the only company paying each contract
in 60 days; others require 20 months, or near-
ly 2 years to pay the same amount; our plan
has been examined and Indorsed by the best
contractors in the city; monthly payments
before maturity $1 50, receiving credit for $1;
monthly payments after maturity. $5 50, re-
ceiving credit for $5. Office 497-38 Parrott
building. Open from 9 a. m. until 9 p. m.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-band upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BEXJ CURTAZ &
SON, 1« to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
A GOOD piano is a source of constant delight
ttnd no one can afford to deny himself or the
family euch a pleasure when a piano can be
secured from, us so low and upon such easy
terms. Our stock embraces the Decker &
6on, Wissner. Baumelster and Stodard. THE
I^NO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. ' - '
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents collected. .
DEALERS, big profits saved on unredeemed
pianos; selling for storage and advances; up-
rights, $37 up (wonderful). WILSON'S Stor-
age, 1710 Market st.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
35c. $1 SO night; $1 50. $6 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS, 6S5. cor. .Larkln-!-Large alcove •bay-
-window, mantel, closets; very desirable.
Telephone Bush 367.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
- ! NEAREST THE CITY. ; .-' *
Of f ice, 916 Market Street.
;-"¦ .(Successor to Flannagan& Gallagher.)' -
. : DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. .,
. -" ' \ Telephone South SO. ". ¦;-¦.¦
HENRY J: GALLAGHER CO.
•\v AlcGUVlV BROS..
FUNERAL . DIRECTORS '- and EMB ALM-
ERS, to 224;and'226.McAlll8ter st.".. (For-
merly of 31 Edd" st. Tel. South 252. )J
REMOVED!
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Associa£ion; M. J.'
McBrearty. 'With: the same company for 18
years; P. . F.' Green," late .with J. ¦ C. ' O'Con-
nor & ¦ Co. ,"'¦ have opened I new Funeral • Par-
lors -at .1171 i Mission ; st.',- - between Seventh
and'Elghth..: Telephone, South. 44. .• .-;„>•¦
surgeon, at
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALH
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St., Oakland. .
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ¦ - , ¦ ;
Bernard J. • Gallagher, 29, 220S Geary street,
and Katharine Kelly, 24, 13^ Beideman street.
Andrea- Parola, 46, 460 Union street, and
Anna M. L. Macchi, 40, 4C0 Union street.
William J. Tiernan, . 25. city, and Mae E.
Blennerhassett, 24, city. - -
Charles' H. Pohlman, 31, Buffalo, N. Y.V and
M. Alice OaKes, 30, Newark, N. J. . .
Henri Laficlottes, 33, 1567. Jackson , street,
and Marie Mouret, 32,-1023 Washington street.
William W. Hart, 34, ; city, and Susanna
Reilly, 30. city. . '
/ Ernst Velrs. . 28. Santa Rosa, " and Elma • M.'
Wilson, .22, Uklah.v v - .
Harry V.- Saurman, 24, New York City, and
Clemence Amedee, 20, 419 Green street. ' •
Erlon L. Gibbons, 24, 219 Lexington avenue,'
and Esther E. Corden, 20, 27B Morris avenue.
Hermann F. Laumeister, 43,' 911 Polk street,
'and Phoebe A. Follett, 42, 649 Point Lobos ave.
Louis Ducato, 29, city, and Loul»3 Mlchelettl,
30, city. • . ..'.,. ' --¦".' ¦'-•. ¦ ¦*t~*$i£!ffMk
Samuel O. Eperry, 34, city, and Mary . E.
Llnehan. 27, city . ,. .;'. -.,
William -I. Smith, 34, . city, and Ruth. E.
Morsan. 24. city. . .
* Percie C. Black, ' 28. Oakland, and Flora
Kinsr, 21,- city. .' ¦ _-¦ ¦
Eugene A. Ancel, 33, 509 Pine street, ' and
Josle M. Denis. 33, 852 Broadway. •
William Schor-pleln,<21, .117 Green street.'and
Guadalupe -Mills, II",. 317 Green street: ¦"-.*".
¦ F. -Benson- Donaldson, .27. ; Presidio," and 'Jo-
sephine V.' Ruiz, 19, ,014 Van, Ness avenue.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
New pretty homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all mod-
ern: prices moderate; vacant 40- foot lots; $?00
to $1000; elevated above the street and includ-
ing street work complete; on Merrimac or
Twtnty-elghth St., between Telegraph ave.
and Grove st. ; choicest and cheapest property
in Oakland; close in and handy to schools
and churches. See W. T. HARRIS on the
premises or GEORGE W. AUSTIN, ,
460 Tenth st.. Oakland.
IX)OK THIS UP TO-DAY.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.: A dividend. 'No. 40, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has - been declared
payable at the office of the company, I rooms
202-204-206 Hayward building, San Fran-
cisco, on April 10. 1002.' Transfer books close
April 3. 1902. at noon. J. R. LEAVELL,
Secretary. • .
DIVIDEND NOTICES
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 200 Sansorae.
TYI'EAVUITEUS Afiil SUl'l'LiK"*.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
• sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 206.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
OAKLAAD KRAL ESTATE!.
$. r .0C0 — CHICKEN ranch; once in a while we
get eomethlng good, but here is better, a
gem: 12% acres immense trees, loads- of
shrubbery and flowers; house of 8 large
rooms; large barn, brooderyand brooder?,
chicken houses, 20CK) capacity; incubator, all
modem; 1000 Al Leghorns. 200 ducks. «O0
pigeons, 200 chicks; contract on hand for 1600
ducks per month; all that can be raised is
sold readily on premises; close to electric
cars and fine driveway, adjoining East Oak-
land; this Is a model chicken ranch: price
in all fSOOO, balance remaining 0 per cent
per annum. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh st_, opposite Broadway station, Oak-
lar.d; carriage free. H. Z. JONES., land
owner.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. ! 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
plE^C^R^D^)LPH^sTo7agT^n7 > M^vlng~Co^
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
t>R. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, tht
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE of the . Sierra Railway Company of
California' 229 Crocker bldg.. San Francisco.
Cal. April 1 1902 — Coupon No. 10, duo April
12 1902, from first mortgage 6 per cent bonds
of' the Sierra Railway Company of Califor-
nia. wlll.be paid at the fiscal agency of this
company, the Crocker- Wool worth National
Bank of San' Francisco.'. Cal., on and after
that date'. S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer. •
tailor-made cult*. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ONE MIXUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
6UPERFLUOUS hair and molet removed by
electric needle.Dr.tMrR.TraverBe.1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
bair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
Electric & clectrlc-light baths, mae«age, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal co« turner. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. Ray. 457 Minna st.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021 14 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician' and
R4 Valencia, st ¦ hours' 10 to 8. -
RUPTURE and piles cured; no p«y until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, ¦ fix-
tures, etc.', all go; opportunity given for in-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511, Call.'
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
ELECTRIC needle EpeclalUts; superfluous hair
& moies destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call ot
Dr.G.E.Moore,S32O' Farrell: send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A cchool to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MIES A.V. DOYLE.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double, $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
MONEY loaned at low Interest ; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious etonea bought
«t W. J. 'HESTHAL'E. 10 Sixth «t.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trouoers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market Bt.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley,1702 Market.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; (1 each;
came ts white fhlrts; selection 300 patterns.
carpet twine, in back or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
chenille-wove rues, ellk portiere*; dealer in
KAG carpets wove to order and for sale
ELECTRIC licht In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Et., near Market: 700 room*;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to t'i per week;
iree 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
TVHY euesr ? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns end The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS, Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr.6th.
cf pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
tt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
$16; with these cults we maka an extra pair
AN elegant line cf remnants for suits to order.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing;. lowest rates. Tel. Green 14-t. 205 4th.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU.......
.Tuesday. April 15th. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May Oth. 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU i
Wednesday, June 4th. 1002
Hound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W.H. AVERY. General Asent
jftamburg-<#merican.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Deutschland ..April 17 [Columbia May 8
F. Bismarck. .. .May 1 JDeutschland . ..May 15
TWIN-SCREW PA«SE'CE ! «ERV1C=.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Waldersee April 12 1 Pretoria ...... April 29
Pennsylvania .April 22|Moltke May 6
Ham'-'UT'ft-Anienicnn Line. 37 B'wiy. N. Y.'
HERZOG & CO.. General Agenta for Pacific
Coast, '401 California st.. San- Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana th Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard -8. pier 10.. 12 m. .
COLOMBIA ..April 10JGUATEMALA. Apr
TUCAPEL ...April 10IPALENA May —
.: These "steamers are built expressly for -Cen-
tral ' and South American passenger service.
(No change at. Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & ¦ CO., Gen. Agents.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
' « » land and Sydney. .Thurs.. April 10. 10 a.' m
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu : -
Saturday. April 19, 2 p. m.
SS.- AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
..........Sunday. May 4, 10 a. m.
I.D. SPRECKL3 & BEOS. CO., General Azts., 329 Marfcet
Gen'l Pass. Offlcs, 643 Maifcet st, Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St.
PANAMA R.R. m S.
TO NEW- YORK VIA: PANAMA -DIRECT.
' Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free. ¦
S. S. Argyll ........Sails May
S.'S. Leelanaw/.'.... .'....•...:.. .sails May
From Howard-street Wharf, Pier 10, at 2 p. m
Freight and- Passenger -Office. "330 Market st.
,- F.F. CONNOR. -Pacific Coast Ag«nt.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
I WANT two more parties to go to Alaska,
where I made a good strike last summer;
lr.urt have at least $400 to defray your ex-
ix-ntes. For particulars address CHAS R.
KAISER. Kottl Chicago. West Berkeley. Cal.
BAD tenants ejected for ?4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10;' tel. 5580.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; high base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
A THOROUGHLY well built house of 11 rooms,
bath, etc., on the sunny side of street and
near the university and Head seminary; lot
100x130; a gentleman's home. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
EVERYBODY says. Mr. Lederer, your hair
dressing is the best In the city and you
only charge 25c; shampooing, 5uc; hair diied
in 10 minutes; manicuring 25c. G. LED-
KRER. lli'J Stockton st.
ri^RSO.NALS.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
' suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
JOHNSON, The. 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
VAN NESS, 607 — To a refined couple; large
sunny parlor, with board, in private home.
HUE. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4.
Post et.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME "FOSELLI. scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor »t-. bet. Geary and Posf.tel. Black 561.
NEW 5-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
sewered: corner lot, 40x100; Golden Gate.
$1700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
sewered; lot 50x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train.
$1750 — $550 cash, balance flat loan. Pacific
Home Building Company, 39 Nevada block,
San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors it and 10, The Vendome, 1104 Market
st.; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; horoscopes cast
by mail. $1; palmistry taught.
1'ALMlhTRY.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny ''' front rooms ;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ROO3IS AND BOARD."
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
FiKST-CLASS work: low rates; get figures, j.
C. ROMAINE. CJO G. G. ave.: tet. Polk 1423.
PAPERING room, walls. $3: painting, $1;
whitening, 7">c. Samuelson, 315 Golden Gate.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
PilMEUS AXD DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 352J.
Vendome, 1104 Market— Changed hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
Grand 1461
Alameda.
CALL and see the Alameda Land Company.
Great bargains offered this -week. $2150
buys a new modern 5- room cottage; lot 40x
120; a snap. Will build, rent and sell you
on easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SUTTER, 1022%. nr. Hyde — Large double par-
lors, furnished; sun all day; phone.
OIL.
OIL. tacks. £cd-hand. in good order; all sizes;
theap. H. E. "WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
Large store with barst.. front. Clay-Merchant,
above Montgomery; lease. Keys «36 Clay.r.L
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market S. F.. & San J.
$24 — LARGE Etore. 1C56 Howard; good place
for any business; best business block.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lends to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
POST, 835 — Large sunny furnished room; gas;
bath; 1' or 2 gents; references.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
EMMA 6PRECKELS building. 927 Market st- —
Light, cheertul offices. J10iif$25 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day. week, mo.
OAK, 125 — Furnished room; bath and* gas; $7;
call after C p. m. '" '
FOR SALE NEAR EAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. I Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 .California et., for
pamphlets and information.
NEW ARLINGTON, "1015'Market— Nicely f ur-
nished rooms: $2 a week up: 35c a day up.'
OFFICES A AD STORES TO LET.
PROMINENT store; corner McAllister rt. and
Van Ness ave.; suitable for drug store or
any first -class business; rent reasonable.
Apply BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery Et.
MINNA". 667. cor. Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, » $1 per week; .transient.
MASON, 307 — Front parlor, newly furnished;
'other rooms; very reasonable.' ¦
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 rages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 51.
postage paid.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H,
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place,
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites:
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
BARGAIN, great eacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
JESSIE. 363. nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms. $5 and $0 per month. ".
A DELIGHTFUL country place, 160 acres;
elevation 2000 In mountains; 4 miles south
Mountain View; within 3 hours of Sa i
Francisco: grandest "panoramic view in
State; attractive surroundings; 3 fine springs;
a perfect health home; small cottage; excel-
lent stable: necessary outbuildings; 4 acres
assorted orchard; 4 acres bearing vineyard;
must sell; great bargain. See owner from 0
to 11 a. m., 238 Montgomery, FLINN, HAH-
RINGTON & CO.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
3 LEADING pianos — Steinway. Chickering,
Weber; other makes, at FAY'S, 1729 Mission.
IN the Mission, to an elderly gentleman", a nice
home in small family; terms moderate, v Box
4647. Call office. - • ¦ ; '• . s
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; rent $60 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.
PARTY going to locate in London must sacri-
fice handsome upright piano. 811 O'Farrell.
GRAND SOUTHERN " Hotel. 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single*, elevat.
SUHIRBAX REAL ESTATE.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $S5 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
SS500 — PAGE-ST. Investment; double frontage,
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms In a first-
class family- hotel. Address L. H. C, 26
Montgomery St.. room 14.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 060 Hayes st.
15500— MUST be paid; $3000 cash only; rents
$C0. Apply on premises, 2623 Sutter St., near
Lyon.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
EMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; square pianos, ?35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut csse, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th st.. Ivers & Pond agts.
ELLIS, 802 — Large sunny front j room; rent
reasonable. . ' : ... \
APPRECIATED If seen; new. elegant sunny
modern cottage: 6 large rooms and bath; San
Jose ave., near Valley st., bet. 28th and 29th;
Guerrero-st. cars pass door.
EOHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos;
Letter pianos; Spiehnann pianos; Cecilian
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 30S, 310,
312 Post Et.
r<:. ¦.«;.. OCEAN TRAVEL. /¦
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Steamers leave Broadway
SSs^. Wharf, San FrancUco:
t&£vS*J». For Ketchikan, Juneau.
KSmJ' 3^—. ' Skagway, etc., Alaska — II
fiy'^S-VJa a. m., April 1. 6. 11, 16. 21.
! |tfXJ5^1""0M pany'3 steamers at Seattle.
JWEWBjmjH For Victoria, Vancouver.
1 *" Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
."**5*^ coma, Everett, New What-
com— 11 a. m.".' April 1. 6, 11, 16, 21. 26. May
1. Change at Seattle to this company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or
Tacoma to N. P. Ry,; at Aancouver to C. P.
R Y -¦*¦'¦"'
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
April 2, 7. 12. 17. 22. 27, May 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara, Port' Los Angeles and Redondo
(Los Angeles) — Spokane, Sundays, 9 a. m. ;
State of California, Wednesdays,' 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Hj>~*ord
(San Luia Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Ventura.
Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport ('Bonlta only).
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. April 4. 12. 20. 2S. May 6.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. April 8, IS, 24, May 2.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of eaca
month. - j.«-}«a5.
For further Information obtain folder..
Right Is reserved " to- change steamers or
sailing dates.
TJlT H "RT OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel.)
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10- Market st.. San Franci3co.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
Only $60. including meals and berth, for ths
round trip, on board the Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving SAN
FRANCISCO APRIL 7th. duo back April 27th.
calling at ENSENADA. MAGDALENA BAY.
SAN \ JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS. Mexico.
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel), or 10 Mar.
ket street, San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA ...:, JUNE T
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 2tt and May 31. re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. , Tha
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Noiqe last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. • For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace- Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS St CO.. Genl. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OR, & W. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to Alt
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWKST 3E:*.^V1''E:!S*.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails April 3, 13. 21
SS. GEO. W ELDER Sails....
Mar. 29. April 8. 13. 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S. F.
MAMT7 N.A.T.&T.Co:s
INUItIJI- Steel Steamship
ROANOKE
* . r -
Sails from Seattle- about ' June 1st
San Francisco passengers and freight trans-
ferred free to Seattle. „„.__ .
. Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE, Agents,
(30 Market St., S. F. ¦
C0MPA65IE G3NSRALS TBAN3ATL ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of fgfijXXm
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. » il"™ rrn
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to -Havre $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES , and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York' J F FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coaat
Agents IS Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket AgcnU.
ft mnw"a.iCAJir XjX.lV.Jb3.
NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
St Louis. Apr. 9.10 amiSt. Paul. .Apr. 23. 10 am
Pliiladel .Apr.ltS.10 amlSt. Louis. Apr. 30.10 am
NEW YORK — ANTWERP — PARIS. ';
Southwark.Apr. O.nooni Vaderland. Apr. 16,noon
Pennland.Apr. 14.3 pml ¦
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
Chaa. ,p. Taylor. G. A. P. C. 30 Montgomery.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 6:30 p. ra., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9 :43 . a. ' m.. 8:36 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.,' 12:30 noon, 0 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
bkos. mfflSGEmmttmmmnam
¦ :
$1400 — TWO new modern cottages, $1400 each;
bath, closet, sink, nlco yard, fence; 28 min-
utes', ride to Third and Market sts. ; $400
cash, balance $14 per month. WELLS &
SAUKDERS, 630 Market st.
ELLIS, 310 — Newly furnished sunny front room
reasonable. . , . ..'•
LrUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co., 931 Market
et., B&n Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished -sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
BARGAIN — New house of 6 rooms and bath:
all modern improvementi*. besides store and
living-rooms in lower floor; cheap; easy
terms. See owner on premises NW. corner
Chenery and Falrmount sta.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ALL choice neat tunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
* (C7"The funeral will ¦-, take place to-day
(Thursday); at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 122 Turk street, between
Jones and Taylor. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' . ..
SMITH — Entered into "rest, . In this city, > April
2,. 1902, Amanda, beloved daughter of Mrs.
. '¦• C3*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, 1 at the
chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery. .
SMITH— In this city, April 2, 1002, ViviaW
Smith, dearly beloved daughter, of William
an-a Lilly Smith, and beloved sister of Lloyd
Smith, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years 6: months and 7 days. ¦ ¦•• .....
E"TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 190U
Mission street., between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by carriage.
RADKE — In this city, April. 2, 1902, Ruth E..'
beloved child of A. F.and Grace Radke, and
sister of Frank, Ellolse, George, Hazel, Rob-
ert and Harold Radke. a native of Califor-
nia, aged 3 years 11 months and 2 days. ; »
ROSENSTOCK— In this city. April .1, 1002,
t Samuel W.. Rosenstock, beloved husband of
Sarah Rosenstock, and father of Mrs. J. ¦ R.
. K. Nuttall, aged 70 years 1 . month and 7
days. (Baltimore papers please copy.)
(CyFuneral private to-day (Thursday), at
1:15 o'clock, from 1819 Jackson street'
SCHNOOR— In this city, April 2, 1902, George
H., beloved son oC Anna and the late John
D. Schnoor, and brother of John F., Christ,
, Sophie,' Lizzie, Richard and Annie Schnoor,
' a native* of , New York, aged 21\'years 2
¦months an.l 28 days. ¦ . ¦-" ¦ -.. ; ....
SENF— In this city, Aprlll, 1002/ George
Senf, beloved husband of the late Lizzie A.
Serf, and stepfather of Leon S. Qutmby and
' Eva E. Senf, a native - of Germany; aged 67
years and 1 day. . (Sacramento, Cal., and
Virginia City,; Nev., papers please copy.)
¦ "rJ7"Notlce of - funeral hereafter. ' Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137
Mission street, , between Seventh and Eighth.
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 1. 1902, Jere-
miah' T. O'Brien, beloved brother of the late
Cornelius, Michael and Bartholomew O'Brien
and Mrs. Catherine Kingston, a native of
Clonakilty, County Cork, Ireland, aged 62
¦ " years." . J . „ ¦' ¦¦'..',¦¦
¦ crFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street,
between Eighth and Ninth, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
. maps "will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, . commenclnz at .9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ,' •
RITTER — In this city, March 31, 1902. John
Rltter, a. native of Vienna, aged 35 years.-
dearly beloved daughter ot. Edward and Delia
McKibbin, sister of the late William Mc-
Kibbin. and niece of Mrs. P. Carr and Mrs.
G. McCann, a native of San Francisco, agel
4 years 3 months and 2 days. .
MADDEN — In this city, April 2, 1902, Eva.
' dearly beloved • daughter of Patrick and
.Catherine Madden, and devoted sister of Mrs.
G. H. Swain and Tessie and Rose Madden,
a native of Sacramento, aged ; 19 years 3
months .and 18 days. "
. E^-Nottce' of funeral ¦hereafter.'.- - ' ' ,-
McKIBBIN — In this city. April 2. 1902, Mary,
-E7"Frlend3 and: acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 548 Ash avenue, thence to • Sacred
Heart Church, . Where a solemn requiem. mass
will be celebrated for the repose of/ his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. ; Interment ¦. Mount
Calvary Cemetery. - , - •-'• r, "•• :¦': '-.-' '
McGillicuddy— in 'this city. -April 2," 1902,
at her residence, 1016 Sanchez street, Alice,
beloved daughter of John and Mary E.- Mc-
Gillicuddy; a native of San Francisco, aged
11- years 2 months -and 19 days. • is
""¦"TTTiends and acouaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, services
Friday. April 4. 1902, at 2 o'clock, at his
' late residence, 1063 Union street. .Interment
' private.. -- ; .',.-.- •"¦: • '¦"'¦
KAMPS— In this city, April 1, 1902. Catherine,
.beloved- widow, of -the late. Frederick Kamps.
. beloved mother of George W.*. Edward A. and
¦ Amanda C. Kamps, . a- 1 native ¦ of Germany;
aged 65 years 4 months and 4 days.
(""¦"TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited • to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from ' the family
residence, 1533 Castro : street, near Twenty-
fifth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery," by
carriage. - ¦ -• ' - .:..-'
LYONS — In this city, April 1. 1902, Michanl
Joseph, beloved husband- of Bridget Lyons,
and f ather "of Rbse,' Katie" ancTRobertTTyons,
Mrs. J. Nagle and the late Mrs. Annie Scho-
fleld,' a native of Athlone, County Roscom-
mon, Ireland, aged. 76 years. • .. ¦'¦''-..
CyPlease omit .flowers. ¦ ••":.; : .
LEISER— In. Indlo, CaL, .March.31,.1902.. Fred-
erick Adolph Lelser. a native of San Fran-
cisco, ased 39 years. ¦ ' . ¦ . .. •
from Third and Townsend streets. . : '
HALL— In this city, , April 2, . 1902, : Albert
Smith Hall, beloved husband of Matilda H.
Hall, father of Clara Hall Brown, and
brother of Harvey Hall of Livermore; a na-
tive of Nobleboro, Me., aged 79. years and 5
press Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 "o'clock train
CTFrlends and acquaintances ' are'. respect-
fully' Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his- late resi-
dence, 36 McAllister street.- . Interment Cy-
"¦"¦yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- services
to-morrow (Friday), at: 1:30 o'clock, 1 af Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Twelfth and Washing-
ton streets, Oakland. ¦ Funeral under . the
auspices of Live Oak Lodge No. 61,' F. I and
A..M. : R.. W. MEEK. ,W. M.
FAY — In this city, April 2, 1902, Maggie, be-
loved wife of Frank Fay, a native of San
' Francisco, aged 29 years. • .-...•
GRIMM— In this city, April 2, 1902, Adam,
beloved husband of Anita' Grimm, and father
of Clarence Grimm, -a native of Germany,
aged 64 years . and 26 days.
(""'"¦¦'Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of A. W. Martin, & Co., 310
O'Farrell street. • .- ¦:¦¦, ¦¦.;¦¦
DALE— In Oakland, April 1, 1902, Captain
David R. Dale, ¦ a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 84 years. A member of Live Oak
Lodge -No. 61, F. and A: M.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission Masonic
Temple 26SJS Mission -street, under the aus-
pices of Mission Ledge No. 169, F. and A.M.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, ¦ via elec-
tric funeral car from Twenty-third and Guer-
rero streets.- Remains at the funeral parlors
of Bunker & Lunt, 2660 Mission street, near
Twenty-third. , / ..:'.
COLLINS— In this city, April 2. 1902, Russel
¦ F., beloved son of Conway and Hannah Col-
lins, and brother of Mrs. J..' Johnson and
William, Gertrude, Owen and the late Mag-
gi-s Williams, a native of San Francisco,
ased 4 years. ' .
CONNESS— In this city, April 2, 1902, Pearl
; " L. Conness, daughter of Mrs. David B. Con-
nets, a native of Oakland, Cal., . aged 21
years 11 months and 16 days.
DIED. * ; ;
An~eli, Felix ' ' . ' Madden.- Eva
Bassillio. Viola M. . O'Brien. Jeremiah'
Carr. John O. •¦•,.. Radke.Ruth E.
Collins, Russel K Ritter, John
Conness. Pearl L". Rosenstock. Samuel
Dale, Capt. David R. Schnoor, George H. .
Fay, Maggie • ¦. Senf. George •
¦ Grimm. Adam- , Smith; Amanda . ¦
: Hall. Albert S. Smith, Vivian-
Kamps, Catherine Tickner, John
Leiser, Frederick A. Vailes: Lucy.M '
Lyons, Michael J. Waltjen, Wilbert
McGillicuddy. Alice Weber, Charles J..-
McKibbin,, Mary - .¦'-
ANGELI- In this city, April 2, 1902, Felix,
' beloved husband of Louisa Aneeli, a native
¦ of Italy, aged 55 years 5 months and.
• days. ' V ' "¦ . .' /. '.
BASSILLIO— In this city. April 1, ' 1002, Viola
•' M., only daughter of J. F. and Annie M.
Batpillio, aged 3 years 3 months and 8 days.
CARR— In San Rafael, April 1, X002, John
George, beloved husband of Belle ¦ Carr, and
father of Ida G., Florence and G.' Stanley
Carr. a native of New Brunswick, . axed 51
years and 2 months. ' , -. ,
BELL (The). 1773 Market— Sunny suite, with
' grate, gas and kitchen, $20; telephone. -
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
, grill room In California attached. . ' ' . -
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, 1124^ — Desirable, sunny, well furnished
room; water; reception hall; phone, lawn, etc.
CALIFORNIA, 1406— To let, 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms.
GORDON— In this' city, March 27, 1902, to the
wife of J. Gordon, a son. v '.'
REED"— In Berkeley,' March 30; 1902," to the
wife of Samuel ' B. - Reed, ; a son.
TRADE— In this city, April 2. 1902, to "the
wife of the late William H. Trade, a son-. .-
Birth, marriage and death . notices . sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same. published, f
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES--DEATHS.
EDDY, 445 — Rear 4 furnished sunny' rooms;
large sunny yard; rent $17. " . ¦MAYOR SCHMITZ DECIDES TO JOIN
TH E ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN
Business of ?tne^S||^d:^D|i^sf Session of
the Grand Lpdge-- 1 Flrop6sitioh^tO: Create
/ Office, of "'Commissioner of Extension Work-
Attorney Reuben H. Lloyd represented
the business men who made the offer of
$300,000. and Attorney W. H. Chapman
represented the San Francisco Construc
tion Company. Lloyd opened the proceed
ings by renewing his offer of $300,000.
Chapman raised him $300. which was fol
lowed by a bid from Lloyd of $332,500. the
appraised value of the land. Chapman
then offered $335,000 for the tract, which
figure was raised to $336,000 by Lloyd.
Chapman then bid $340,000, to which
a mount Lloyd added $1000, "Just to get a
rm'le from the court." he said.
The smile was forthc r.ing, and so was
a raise of $1000 from Chapman,- followed
by another from Lloyd. The bidding at
this time was exciting, the bidders in
creasing their offers $1000 at a time. L'oyd
Several weeks ago the property was of
fered for sale by the executors of the Su
tro estate. Louis LJpmann, Sig Stern and
Isaac Liebes. representing several busi
ness men, bid $300,000 for the land, and
their offer was accepted, by the executors.
When the question of confirming the sale
came up in court Attorney McEnerney
objected, claiming that if the sale was
postponed for a few days a much higher
price could be obtained. A week's delay
was granted, and when the matter came
up yesterday the courtroom was crowded
with persons anxious to get the land, and
the bidding which followed showed that
the attorney's contention that the land
was worth more than $300,000 was true.
Attorney Garret TV. McEnerney'e objec
tion to the sale of twelve blocks of land
near the Affiliated Colleges belonging to
the Sutro estate for $300,000 has resulted In
a gain of $61,000 to the Sutro heirs. The
property was old for 5361,000 yesterday in
I>epartment 9 of the Superior Court to the
San Francisco Construction Company,
after a contest in which the keenest com
petition was displayed. -v.
Increase of $61,000 Is
Obtained in Bids
for Land.
SUTRO HEIRS
ME ENRICHED
-.The North i Central, Improvement, Asso-;
elation" petitioned .the * Board ' of Supervis
ors yesterday. to appropriate $100 JBOO to re-"
pave' streets in the .business district , now
paved-wlth cobbles.' The .association also
requested : an 'Increased', appropriation for
street -sweeping and. that the project ¦ to
tunnel Telegraph .Hill. : openings up Mont
gomery.; street, < from Market to the bay,
be I consumma t eA ¦¦¦"
Wants Business Streets Repaved.
Major^ Charles v Richard -' of the ; United
States army medical department has been
ordered to leave, for Manila on the'trans
port': Sheridan,';"'whlch'- is scheduled'to sail
on ¦ April 16.^j^88iS^H8SBi#yWteMlBte^B
Joseph- Mayo, Company. K, - Twenty
ninth • Infantry, 'has-been found guilty, of
absenting himself .without leave and sen
tenced', to: dishonorable discharge and -im
prisonment »--: at •"' Alcatraz ' for w one f year.
Thomas McFarland; Company L.'-Twenty
ninth Infantry,' found guilty of. the same
offense, has been sentenced to dishonora
ble discharge and three months' imprison-
News in. Army Circles.
Your j First ' Duty ¦ to Yourself
Is to look i after , your own comfort , The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Boad," Chi
cago to New -York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public. JAY-W. ADAMS,
P; C. * P." A.', 37 Crocker building, : San : Fran
cisco,- Cal. ¦- ' ¦ ' _:' ; .•.¦¦-. '
Mechanics' Institute Committees.
The following named committees of the
board of directors of the : Mechanics" In
stitute have been appointed by President
Taussig:
Finance — Mead, r Bull. Heald. • Building and
repairs— Wagoner,' Day, Lyons. Library —
Beanston, Wallls, Spauldlng. Lectures and
classes — Von Geldern, Heald, Beanston. Print
ing, and advertising — Spauldlng, Von Geldern,
Day. Pavilion — Neal, Mead. "Wallla. New
library building — Irving. . Mead. Clark. Beans
ton, Spaulding. ¦ Membership— Bull. Lyons,
Wagoner.-- Constitution and by-laws — Clark,
Beanston, . Irving. Management — Lyon3. Bull.
Wagoner, Heald. Clark. Exhibits — Wallls.
Irving, , Von G«ldern. Machinery — Day, Wallis,
Mead. Art — Heald, Neal, Spaulding. Musle —
Neal. Von Geldern, Bull. Tickets and admis
sion — Irving.- Clark, 'Day.
A proposition to 'create an "emergency
fund for . the r benefit of members. .more
than 60 years. oL age,' so, that- their assess
ments-could be paid. by* the. lodge and de
ducted from the amount to be paid to the
WAE IN ; BUELBIITG H- TRADES k), ft
IS ¦- GBOWINO*'.. MORE
Three Prominent i" Organizations ; ;-Iie
cide : to ; Continue : Fight .; Aigainst • i '¦
c Carpenters' JJni6n;NoA?183.;v^;
The District .Council Tof Carpenters has
issued aVreply to trie j statements! recently
issued by W. D. .Huber,,preslderit;;of;the
governing board of -.the
tlon, and W.-.F/^Grinies,' his<lotalv repre
sentative, accusing: them, and '•other mem
bers of the board of being. in'..' contempt
and holding office in direct: violation -of
the constitution of > the National . Brother
hood of Carpenters and Joiners of Amer
ica. The members of the District Council
claim that- in suspending" that body- and
Carpenters' Union No. 22 ;' these • officers
have - violated all their pledges . and s are
wasting the money of the brotherhood.
The resolutions are signed by^H.; A:- But
ler,, president, and J. F. Macdonald, sec
retary. .-¦.-¦¦-. ¦¦:, _,¦¦",- . . . • ¦., •
The Journeymen . Plumbers' 'Union has
adopted resolutions, of a similar 'tenor.-: •• It
is claimed therein that Carpenters' * Union
No. 483 has been endeavoring by dishonest
means and false statements ¦ to ¦; confuse
the public. mind by circulating ;ruraors> to
the effect" that the Bricklayers,. Plumbers
and Structural Iron Workers are > in sym
pathy with the tactics of this union. •• -
The action of Carpenters'. Union. NoJMSS
is . . denounced. • The members ,-.- decided
unanimously; not to • work i on ' any job ; 6n
which a ; member: of Union No. '4S3 .might
be • employed. - . ' . ','".-. ' '•-.'¦; ."
Similar, action : was taken ; by - the San
Francisco Bricklayers'. Association and
Electric Workers' ' Union No. • 6/ . .:
' - Carelessness with a match in the store
room of G. C. Sweeney's plumbing shop,
at. 116 Ellis street, caused a double alarm
of fire yesterday morning: about 10:30
o'clock. One of the employes dropped a
lighted match into a quantity of oakum
and dense volumes of smoke soon. rolled
out-from front and rear. As the fire was
a blind "one and the buildings in the vi
cinity-are-old and inflammable. Chief Sul
livan summoned extra engines, but their
services were , not needed. A hatter
named_J3ailey, whose store Is above tfie
plurffbing shop, had his stock slightly
damaged by 3moke. The total damage
will scarcely reach $500. Police Officer &I.
Murphy, while attempting to control a
fractious horse, had his knee sprained
and was removed to the -Receiving Hos
pitaL>4j*B8^SBS3E8HK9@BS9fi8S8fii
Big Smoke but Little- Eire.
Mooser assigns as his reason for giving
up the position the fact that his private
business was suffering because "of the in
roads which the duties of public office
made on his time. Back of his re=,. o 'na
tlon, however, lies another story that
Mooser did not like the unfavorable crit
icism to which he has been subjected re
cently.
When the last budget was adopted pro
vision was made to pay Mooser $250 per
month as City Architect," with the under
standing that he was to devote his entire
time to the duties) of that office. This
Mooser agreed ,to do, but he did not keep
his promise. His dereliction In this re
gard was made the subject. of an inves
tigation by Mayor Schmitz, and it Is said
that Mooser took the alternative of relin
quishing his position voluntarily rather
.than explain why his office hours were
from 9 to 11 a. m., notwithstanding that
the charter requires a public official to
be ' in constant attendance between S:30
a. m. and 5 p. m. Again, it has been al
leged against Mooser that he was using
his public position to advance his private
Interests, .but no proof was ever devel
oped-on that point.
• The Board of Public Works will accept
Mooser's resignation and will appoint an
architect in his place who will be required
\o ..comply with the provisions of tha
"charter. Mooser is Interesting himself In
the candidacy of Matthew O'Brien, who
may. get the place. O'Brien has done
much work for the city which it is
claimed should have been done by
Mooser, but O'Brien drew the money for
the work. T. J. Welch is another candi
date for the place.
City Architect William Mooser will pre
sent his resignation to the Board of Pub
lic Works this morning. Mooser has held
the position during the past fiscal year
at a salary of $250 per month Previous
to las't July he received a salary of $100
per- month, but was not supposed during
that period to devote his entire time to
the duties of the office.
. "I i went ¦ into the -church," she. 'said,
"because I was tired walking, and could
not resist the ' temptation .to take the
purse. I- suppose the, other "thefts there
wlllbe blamed, vpon me, but'I.was never
In the ¦ church before . except ' once, .- and
that was some weeks ago. "lam a cham
bermaid and work* at different places." .
Detective Reynolds was detailed by
Captain Seymour to examine the woman's
room in the hope that articles stolen from
the .church might- be found there. ¦ She
has- been .arrested for > drunkenness and
vagrancy, --but' no other charge was ever
made against her.- She was at cne'time a
chambermaid In the 'International - Hotel.
Declares It to Be First Offense.
She lifted her books and umbrella, hur
ried to- the. door and saw a woman-run
ning west on Bush street toward • Stock
ton. She told some ladies who were stand-
Ing at the door that she believed the,flee
ing woman had stolen her purse, and they;
advised her to run after her. > She did so
and saw the woman throw a purse into
the | street. , She picked it up find recog.
nized it as hers,' but' it was empty. She
continued her pursuit of the woman, who
crossed the street and ran down to Grant
avenue. She turned Into the Baltimore
House, but was caught , by . two soldiers
and held till Miss Byrne appeared.. Miss
Byrne accused the woman of stealing her
purse, • and one of the soldiers; notified
Policeman Brady,, who placed - her .under
arrest. and took her to the' City « Prison,
where she was charged with petty lar
ceny. ¦"¦.-., r ' . . ¦ ¦ ..¦¦.','
. She gave the name of Agnes Kenny and
said ' she lived at ; the Carroll House on
Sixth street. She denied at first • taking
the purse and said she thought it- was a
prayer book- which she wanted to study,
but admitted later that she was guilty.
Bhe had $155 in her pockets, and said she
had dropped the other 60 cents in; her
hurry.
"Woman Pursues Woman.
-For several weeks worshipers at the
French- Catholic church Notre Dame des
yietoires, on Bush street, between Grant
-avenue and Stockton, have had their
purses and other articles stolen and one
of the priests missed his gold watch. It
was suspected that the thief was. a
woman,' but she committed the thefts. so
deftly that no clew could -be found as to
her identity until yesterday afternoon,
when she was not quick enough and her
arrest- followed.
Miss E.'.H. Byrne, a young lady living
at 1088 Union street, went into the church
and took a seat in one of the pews. She
had two books and her purse and um
brella with her. She placed the books and
purse on top of the pew and her umbrella'
on the seat and knelt In. prayer. She
heard the rustling of a dress and instinct
ively felt that some woman in the pew
behind her had hurriedly takenher de
parture. When she raised her head she
discovered that her purse, which ! con
tained ?2 15, had disappeared. -
finally made an offer of $360,000, and gave
every evidence that this amount was as
high as he would go. Chapman evidently
thought so also, for he promptly said:
"I bid $361,000 for the land." ,
Lloyd pondered for a moment and then
consulted with his clients.' After a brief
conversation he turned to Chapman and
said:
"The property Is yours, Mr. < Chapman.
Take it and our best wishes."
Edward I. Walsh and John Coghlan,
who ran for the office of Supervisor as
Union Labor party candidates last No
vember, but who were defeated according
to the official count of the votes cast,
were declared elected by Judge Murasky
yesterday. Both Walsh and Coghlan con
tested the election, and the decision of
yesterday Is made on the findings which
followed the recount of' the votes cast.
Murasky's decision unseats George Alpers
and Fred Eggers, both of whom were
shown by the recount to have received a
less number of votes than Walsh and
Coghlan. Judge Murasky also declared
Fred Bent and Horace Wilson elected
members of the board. Bent and Wilson
were shown to be elected by the official
returns, but as they were among the
number of -Supervisors whose seats were
contested they were compelled to go
through with the recount.
The motion of James M. Wllkins to be
declared elected Supervisor as an inter
venor in the contest was denied by Mu
rasky. Wilkins, who did v not enter into
the contest, claimed his seat on the
ground that as he had more votes accord
ing to the official returns of the election
than either of the eight contestants he
was entitled to the office.
Both Alpers and Eggers will take an ap.
peal to the Supreme Court.
Mooser Decides to Re
linquish the . Cares of
Public Office.
Agnes Kenny Is Pursued
by the Owner and
Captured.
The report of LorettaF. Donnelly, the
grand recorder, shows a net gain of 60S
members - during the "past term, making
the total membership 2817. . . •
The • reports of the : several officers were
.given to the committee on distribution,
and in the afternoon there was an exem
plification of the work of- the order by
;Martha Lodge, of E^resno.
.In the evening there was a' reception in
Pioneer Hall by the: lodges of this city,
Oakland and Alameda.
•'The presiding 'officer/presented her re
port, -which gives in - detail her official
work. during her term. She recommends
thaf the special deputies be kept; that the
ritualistic work be practiced in the
lodges; that more. schools, of ¦ Instruction
be established; that district deputies be
reimbursed for; traveling, expenses when
going to a distant point to install officers,
and that the salary of the grand recorder
be increased.
= Credentials — Mrs. • Phoebe - Brooks, Mrs.
Esther A. Lovejoy, Mrs. Minnie F.HollIs; dis
tribution — Florence . Morrill, Ethel i M. Owen,
Ella M. * Grossman; press — S.M. Steel, Nannie
Brown. P. Guell; welfare — Evelyn F. Mayon,
Viola S. .Norman;- Nellie J. Masters.
The -Grand' Lodge "of '.'the Degree of
Honor was ';. called . to order ; yesterday
morning In the Memorial Hall of the Odd
Fellows' building. • 'There ' were besides
Mrs. j Flora'.. J. ' Nay, the grand j chief of
honor, and the other grand officers, sixty
eight delegates at roll call., . -
• 1 The ¦ following | committees ¦ were named :
Grand . Lodge 'I Is - Convened, S^xty
'T^' Eight . Delegates 'Appearing. "
DECISION GOES
TO CONTESTANTS
Final Action in Recount
Unseats Eggers and
Alpers.
CiTY ARCHITECT
WILL RESIGN
The j corporate directors were Instructed
to furnish information to Supreme Re-,
corder Sackett relative. to incorporation. .:
The statistical" tables 'presented by the:
grand recorder were referred , to him for|
verification of . the -figures, before publica
tion In the proceedings.; ; . . . ; . ;
A motion that- the' grand officers be pro- - :
vided with new badges of .office was lost; 1
An amendment- to. the' effect- that a can
didate.-for reinstatement : after final ;sus-V
pension -be rejected if two black balls ap
pear in thebox was defeated. . • .
Driir.Teamsj Give; Display.
The report of the grand receiver and the
financial report of. the grand recorder, as
presented, were adopted, as was also that
of the corporate directors. :' . ¦ .<
Chairman. Dunton of the good of. the or
der committee. and Chairman". Bahrs of .a,
special committee each presented a- report
in which plans were offered 'fpr ; ,the»bet-;
ter carrying, on' of extension* work.. '.The
report of the latter contemplates the ap-'
pointment;by" a'vote ofislx of .the-cor
porate directors of .a- commissioner of ex
tension, at ' a salary . of . $300Q ..a -year, \ who
shall- have : full ¦ charge . of, the extension'
work, with power .'to appoint deputies- to'
assist him. ..•¦.•.«: ¦ ..:•,; j *i- -T^
At the afternoon session the. grand mas-,
ter workman, announced that Aiayor E.rE.
Schmitz had filed, his application ito" be
come-a.membef'of Alt a Lodge, : and it was
decided to initiate • him %in". the • Grand
Lodge to-night for the lodge named. - '•>:-'
The Grand Lodge will send Grand RS-'
corder;Spencer to the next session of the.
Supreme, Lodge, in "Portland, Or., in the'
interest of the order. '¦..¦.''"; :.:
Grand Officers' Reports.
v Recently the Supreme Court •• decided
that the (divorced wife of a. 'deceased
member was the beneficiary, in this, that
she was his wife at. the time- of the is
suance of the certificate; that no. change
had been made, and that his second wife
was not entitled to the money. To ob
viate this the supreme representatives
were requested to bring about legislation
to prevent the payment of a certificate to
one not a blood relative or one not wholly
dependent on the member. V ..-¦ .•
Another resolution was that the su
preme " representatives seek to, have . the
supreme body enact a law authorizing the
Issuance of $500 certificates. . ? -
THE second day's session \ of . the
Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen was - opened
at 10 o'clock yesterday by. Grand
Master Morrison. \. ;>•;
"Vallejo Lodge presented a resolutlonrto
the effect that in the interest of labor ajl
Government work of whatsoever k>fid
should be performed by the Government,
and not by private contract, and request
ing the representatives to the ¦ Supreme
Lodge to use their best efforts •; to have
that body send a strong memorial to
Congress asking legislation to carry out
the purpose of the resolution. ¦•"
SNATCHES PURSE
IN CHURCH PEW
DEGREE OF HONOR.
beneficiaries, was ; lost, as it would inter
fere with the general, assessment plan.
In the evening the drill team of Martha
Lodge of Fresno and- that of. Alida Up^
church Lodge of San Jose appeared before
the Grand Lodge and j each gave an ex
hibition drill, which was a pretty feature,
and - the ladies -were applauded to the
echo.. This was followed by the exempli
fication of the degree work of the Work
men b> three teams from the interior for
the Grand Lodge trophy.
physician' who .will. 1 be
chosen medicali • examiner
FOR A.O. ;U.VW. .
14
THE SA1ST FRAKCISGO CAI^L, THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1902.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.'. .' •-¦.;¦
===== —
New Embroidery Allovers
We will show to-day choice Nainsook, Swiss and Cambric
Allovers for waist coverings, yokes and sleeves, and will offer
' in conjunction with the exhibit
These Exceptional Values
Fine tucked nainsook allovers, 21 inches wide, per yd... Abe
¦ Hemstitched nainsook allovers, 21 inches wide, per yd... 65c
¦) Fancy tucked swiss allovers, 22 inches wide, per yd... $ 1.15
1 Allovers of Valenciennes inserting and nainsook, per yd... $1.55
Tucked 'grass cloth allovers, 20 inches wide, per yd... $1-40
: Handsome novelty colored allovers, 22 in. wide per yd... $2.75
• .VUggioni, Trefousse, Reynier, Perrins and Fownes p £ r P a ' r
•¦• make the best gloves in the world for ladies, we have all shades «pl.t)U.
Stylish Wash Waists r
The waist department with its hundreds of newest 1902
* styles and fabrics, opens up the season with such tempting
values as these :
,- New Pique Shirt Waists, New Chambray Shirt Waists,
with black, red and navy in solid gray, ox blood and blue,
blue polk a dots , (£i orr' with stitched tucks (|>i otr
special at Cpl.ZD back and front, at... Cpl.OD
B e a u t i f u 1 R i b b ons
At 25c a yard
Hundreds of yards of All Silk Satin Taffeta Ribbons,
4 inches wide, in white, cream, rose, blue, maise, lavender,
cardinal, old rose, navy, brown and black — Special at
25c per yard. y£-S,
Swiss Toilet Sets
Two special values in our Art Needlework Department.
Embroidered and dotted Swiss toilet sets prettily
swiss toilet sets, with ruffled edged with imitation batten- /
edges; lined in blue, pink,yellow berg lace; lined in different
and green, exceptonal / t?' colors, special valuertn rye
value, set C. OJC at per set..... Cpi.ZJ
Just received latest designs in j Cushion Covers — Cfl -
Price for top with back piece t/Uv
— fl Kearnp and Suffer Sts. ||
Adams' Sarsa^arilla Pills.
I A spring ¦ medicine / for - constipation, .. Impure
blood, : pimples," sallow complexion;; 10c, '25c. • '
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
RANCH EGGS/2 dozen. ......... 33c
The very choicest. . - ' * "
CREAVEKY BUTTtR, 2 squares. .75c
StricOy fancy^
MAPtE 6YRUP BLEND, qt can. . . .25c
A delicious table syrnp
for serving with hot cakes. ' 1 * - ?
PANCAKE FLOUR, 3 pkgs. ...... 25c
Uncle Jerry's famous brand.
Regularly 10c a pkg.
WHITt FIGS, 4 lbs 25c
Choice California Figs.* "•***•**¦
Regularly 10c a lb.
ITALIAN RICE, 3 lbs 25c
A fancy Head Rice.
Imported from Italy.
Regularly 10c a lb.
Bourbon Whiskey, bot 75c, gal $3.00
The celebrated "Chicken Cock."
10-year-old straight goods.
Regularly $1.00 and $4.00.
FRENCH VERMOUTH, bot ,50c
Noilly. Prat & Co.
Regularly 60c.
CIGARS— Key West—
•I'm* de Santiago." «ach 12%e box of
25 $Z75; a six-Inch clear Havana c^ear
Regularly 3 for 50c and $3.50 a box.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE IDEAL. COFFEB
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLJCITED. CATA-
LOGUE FREE. -.».*.«».
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market
tem:phone main 1 5522.
We Build
Mouses
for...:
$5.50 Per Month.
We Charge No Interest.
Call and See Vs.
PACIFIC HOME CO-OPERATIVE CO.
100 ul Ml Ctllagku Bnildiaft
1312 MARKET ST.
Q -A
A WABNIHQ TO THE PTTKLIC.
Mr. George Mayerle. the German Exsert
Optician, has no connection with the so-ca.ll«<*
"Mayerle Co.," which has Just opened next
door to his long-established optical businesT
. 1/OTICE-When wishing
,.«.*- to consult MT» »iirr.-t«'i. .
V^^- Ji^AXS^E 'look for a
ilfeAr£Mg& CROWISI on every window
gg^p^rjrjarq^g (Maycrle'a Trade Mark)
To avoid mistakes, look for
th« full name. G"KOTIO"E TVT A.YT'.liT^K. and
the CBOWN (nte trademark) on every win-
dow; also the number——
1O71 Market Street.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best, NAT URAL Alkaline] Water*
220: BROAD WAT. N. T.
The Weekly Cail
61-pcp.Ycap--
; ; To-Day's Waist Special,
nr» F ° r WOMEN'S CHAM-
UW/> BRAT." WAISTS," neatly
\jiJr%mr I hemstitched;- front and back
'. .. . : 'trimmed- .with/: clusters,., of
%. tucks; button -front orrback; comes
¦'/ In '? red, ,¦ gray,' .blue ¦ and - ' pink; all
v sizes; rregular$l 25 ' quality. . "
v
?fV\" : For WOMEN'S J HEAVY
h\\f* MUSLIN GOWNS, sailor
collar "or- high 'neck;'- collar
. ¦ . ; ¦¦¦¦"¦ .; . : hemstitched ; or : edged with
' ruffling. of:.torchon;lace;yoke of wida
,.;' embroidery; «regular. value 65c.
? Td-Day's DresS'Skirt Special,;
. ti^'n'^'w : A ' For '('¦¦ ' 5 FASHIONABLE
'V\« :-M J :¦ DRESS :¦¦ SKIRTS, made
-•JJ*/»*xV.-.'of;the'new, spring mate-
'•' :%:-. •.•••¦'•.; rials; full flare ¦ flounce,
-•-neatly; trimmed- with '• > satin bands;
:' seams tailor, stitched;, extra value at
¦To-bay's^Womeh's Vest Special.
; /i'iX : '- : : ?.Fbr- WOMEN'S BALBRIQ-
I \hn> \. GAN ! VESTS. .' long , sleeves;
:17V • .medium, weight; silk. stitched
neck" and front; our regular
" 25c\value." ¦, :_'.] . ; , . . ,'
fp-Day's Pique Cape Special,
d«i 'in '.J For"' .. 'CHILDREN'S
T^ I Wk ' -WHITE PIQUE CAPES,
>JJX»' m &\J ' lined -with -Marseilles
.'*- ¦ ¦:*:. ..-.flannel,-: daintily :trln1med
• with 3 rowarof.flne,wide:embroldery;
„ ¦ large rolling r collar; military ; effect ;
• regular ?2 25 Rvalue. •
1212-1214^ MABKii^ST;-
; '. •'¦•. . . ; 'BeWeen>Tayl6r,'and{JonB3. ,
\ WE 'CLOSE , AT f 6 O'CLOCK, r
. Hale^s. | Hale's. | Hole's.
Ours is the largest *7W Big Black Silk sale
mint u° r on r the d coast" contiriues - Silkssold
Orders invited. " '£& /MiU^ v~--g^^^e^g^ under present*cost.
; .' .y y -<*ga*32®&& GOOD^^'^ " " — -
New jewelryi
A new and elegant collection of - hatpins, brooches, BEADED CHATELAINES— Cut steel— new, clever, ele-
"stick-piris, bands, pearl necklaces— the latest ideas only gant designs — and such value as you are not accus-
gi|l .....:.......,....................,. 2SC ||||||;1||?« and ?2 .=0 ;
Visit the T ¦jaa.'-- Wraooers ° Visit the
'¦¦• ¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦ ¦'¦¦' ¦ Wi%f^\ vvi appwio
Third Ffnnr W^W& The illustration is of our 7J5C wrap- 11111(1 TIOOl.
lllllu llUUlt '^* &g- per — best wrapper we have seen this _
*i\ ' year under a dollar. In fact, in mate- Fancy Plates — Aus-
Probably you don't N>-^[ • r^ an<^ workmanship it is as good as ' tf ian china — as-
, . . \. nn - n r~A J&M&k^ what we had last season for Q3c— sorted decorations,
nave to De convinced • ,—^IftMttfep^ bought them largely and most oppor- lace gold effects
of the value-Rivins /^^^S^&^K tunely to be able to sell at such a and gold lines— o}4
propensities of the >7Wi^TO3P^^< price - Material is a good, quality inch size— each .._. .^
departments on the >TO^*\\lt^^wlw^ percale in blues, reds, black and white. loC
3d floor-but if you If 111|1 J he , re . is a ™ ffl . e ro " nd the , the Oatmeal Bowls _
do, this sale of china g r^m))M : £££ . . :.^±.^ &£.¦ fe cS£
should be sufficient: lM\ sMI!M!i&%X$W At '^ 1 *- 5 — Wrappers. Fancy stripes, bad China, floral
v Ytf^v /^M^^mr^ with an ? xtra detp . ruffie - ed ff ed th spray decorations
Dinner Set — New WlPW fancy finishing braid, which runs over and jr O id lines—
. . /// iW W tlle shoulder and forms a yoke, deep worth $2 00 dozen
nne semi- Y / /jfi I? M gathered flounce, very full loose front, each. 10c
porcelain cottage • I; i i| '*¦ ' fitted back. «**«"**
dinner set, with Mia || @| 7*i At •? 1 « 5 °— Wrappers: Percales in Toilet Sets — _ io
imnricnmpiv' n n A J S SIS** polka dots, blue, red and black, ruf- P 1 ?"?' ca^ pjec . e
handsomely ana bj ¦ fl e trimmed, also pointed embroidery full sue and practi-
tastefully decorated / : tm \ IB on the collar, top of the flounce and cal— assorted color
light blue border — iffil || \ belt. decorations — blue,
suitable for $ per- Ml| I j ||| ||\ Other "Wrappers up to $4-05— Light brown, greets" etc.
-„'„•« npr tP t ' iWm S »1V percales and lawns, elaborately trim- — per set 9— »*>
sons — per set bJeiiK 1«1 itn , m « x. n a.
S4 OO 1 2l\w II 1!1\ m • Toilet Sets — n
¦-*; "^ ' « flTOA 1 \11\Sl T/:<«. A «./vn pieces, complete,
'- :: '-- ; - r ' ifl^ffl II 11»V l^imOnOS * with covered jar-
Tea-. Cups and Jj SSBB11 4 ffill^S There is style in our 75c Kimono. fancy shape, large
Saucers — Choice, (fl IlMv^l WHSS^ And how dainty-how well made— T . oIIcd f e , djr . e l ? asin -
thin lieht trans Mrlill^S.ffi^W' how well-fitting it is. Made in white decorated in large
thin light trans- /^Hj^^^^gm^. ] aw n, edged with deep band of pink fl . oral 5^^ s ' ?**'
• parent,. Car sbad /If 5 »|^^1\^^ or blue figured dimity. sies - ro ? es - ctc -~
¦ china — o v i d e • Wj IjTOSWJ^™^ And another charming style is of every piece gold-
- shape — plain Xing \\ \ I fi\\\w^tT| llW^ white India Linon, with wide dimity "nea
white— set of 6. ... £&R^®M^^I*^^ ' b ? nd on collars, cuffs and front— in To-morrow for first
a'n' lyjyr Tj^aipaJ*-^ - : pink, light blue or lavender J>5cJ time, $4.69 for
Notion Bupremacy.
You know the goods, you know the Mohair Brush. Binding— silk finish, Darners—black, enameled, each. .2c
regular prices and you know the No- excellent quality; .. tan, brown, red. Fancy Prilled Hose Supporters—in
tion supremacy of this store r.. .If jou : green, per yard ......:......... 7c black, red, blue, pink, orange, lav-
don t, came to this sale and, get ac- Finishing Braid— Various feather- ender' per pair ..:...... lOc
¦SSS^S&g*^SSoi^o^ard stitch designs, s yards to the pig, H oo k -on Supporters-Good sirong
-spools-good quality-, spools "for. a^c^^ieeislG^d' i^c" iracer. K^^^SSeftS
Daridnff CottonllVs' va'rds'to'a'soool enameled handle, each 5c pa ir 15c
Perfection Hose Supporter-fancy
brown, red. .... . . .3 spools for 5c ' 2 > 2J4 and 3, per dozen. 3c frilled side elastics, with sateen or
Good Stockinet Shields^-per pair 5c Brass Pins— good quality, will not satin gored belt attached, all colors,
Queen Collar Form— adjustable, rust, per package 3c per pair 25c
with attached steel spring, all sizes. Cube Pins— 100, jet head/ good steel Bubber Cuffs— for keeping shi*t
.each ............. .,..;..... V-lOc; _ pm , per cub e> 5c waist s i eeves cIean> can be sp d
Garter Elastic— Fancy frilled, in Popular Hairpin— 30 to the package, off; per pair. 25c, • also checked
nearly all colors, per yard.... 7j^c straight or waved, per pkg 2c ones at, per pair 10c
1 F. F. WRIGHT & SON, f I
I fiare Comfort I
I Always to be had with a Walk-Over Shoe. |
I In the first place, there's a shoe and size for I
I every foot that crosses our threshold — or 1
1 there's no sale. 1
I No "malpractice 11 fits ever leave a Walk- I
I Over store. No hurry-to-get-to-the-next- 1
I customer "regardless'.' is permitted to find I
I lodgment in a Walk-Over salesman's brain. I
| A sale that doesn't bring you bacic and 9
I make of you a Walk-Over customer is a sale I
I that never should have: been made. Every I
I man and woman influences at least one 1
I other. That's the Walk-Over's plan of selling. 1
SPRING MODELS /t>O H A 1
NOW IN. rhri'rll'f I
lOO STYLES-ALL AT.. *P Vf • W |
! Walk-Over Shoe Store; J
924-926 Market Street. I