KING AGAIN
SINKING, IS
THE RUMOR
T* JEW YORK, June 27.-— A
/^Ll •Journal «pcclal from
/ ¦ yf London says: A very
uneasy feellns: is pre
vailing in Fleet street
. parly this morning and there
is eKnfn a belief that the
filncr has groirn irorac slnee
the last bulletin.
At 5 o'clock this morning?
v it .is reported that a tele
fcranx was sent to Lord Lis
ter summoning: him to the
palace.
It Is reported in Fleet
street that the special envoy
of a great republic notified
his Government ' after mid
night that the condition of
. the Kins: had ncaln become
so graTe as to have necessi
tated summoning; physicians
for n consultation.
EpeciaJ E>1* patch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 140S G STREET,
N". W.. WASHINGTON. June 26.—
President Roosevelt now has com-
plete power in the matter of an
American canal across the isthmus from
the Atlantic to the Pacific. With only
eight dissenting votes the House to
day accepted the conference agree
ment on the Senate bill. But it is
worthy of note th*at this action was only
taken after Representative Hepburn, by
¦whose name the House bill wag known,
stated his firm belief on the floor of the
House that the President would fail in
his negotiations with the Panama oom
paiiy and find the legal and diplomatic
difficulties too great 'to be set aside and
that the canal would finally be built by
the Nicaragua route. Hepburn also said
that be would not have signed the con
ference report had he not reached the
conclusion that it was the Senate bill or
no canal legislation whatever.
In presenting the report to tho -House
Congress Passes the
Negotiations to
President
AGREES
ON CANAL
QUESTION
The • King's courage and good temper
are remarkable, and to-day he personal
ly wrote several telegrams and one or two
notes.. 1 'As evidence of the King's per
sistent refusal to efface himself from
his connection with state affairs and In
corroboratlon of the statement that ths
physicians 7 aro satisfied with their pa
tient's.: condition, the- Associated Press
learns , that .'besides personally opening
telegrams "Wednesday night | King Ed
ward, then insisted en a full inspection of
the honor; list.. There was one appoint
ment of much importance which had not
been definitely decided at" that time. The
King approved this nomination, and gave
; the final -order to the department inter
ested, -thus saving one .of the recipients
of honors ,from bitter disappointment.
j. To-night King Bdward ia better in every
Continued on Page Two.
No Hore Bulletins Until Morning.
LONDON*, June 27.— Buckingham Pal
ace was closed for the night rather later
than usual. It is • understood, however,
that the King's strength and progress axe
maintained, and it Is not anticipated that
there will be any necessity of issuing an
other bulletin before 10:30 this morning.
Special Dispatchi^YThe^Call.»^r^
m TEW 5 YORK. June . 26.-Startling
• / \f charges of- callousness and heart-
JL T less cruelty in neglecting to relieve
the inhabitants of St. Pierre,,Mar
tinique, after the city had been swept by.
the outburst from Mont Pelee, ware made
to-day byll'de Meduil, a member of the
French Chamber of Commerce, who had
been in the island assisting in the dis
tribution of relief, supplies. He asserts
that the wretched inhabitants were. left
in agony for two days after the first erup-;
tion, while Acting Governor l'HeurreJ.4 a
negro, was electioneering to - prevent -thW
success at the polls of a candidate of the
white men'^ party for Governor. He adds
thXt^ln^it.lM^tdistrlbution of Eupplles.the
neiro- p'op^atlbiiVhas had ths lion's share,
.whUeV-theyld^litute ' whites have been
¦ne%lectea.||'^^' \- 7
¦ x .•.'Contjrary / toVall * that has been said on
' tho^ubje^t.'r^te'wsaid,-, '.'the people of St.
•PterVeVdMihot die-instantaneously. Choked
andl' f bur^|d; .-5>naiiy v' of- .them were Jef t
WTlth|n^'tw^.vday8 in-, the streets , of • the
¦ cltypciyliite^ t or^help^ . that j dld^not come.
|,the V' authorities; af ter^ the
eraptiori.'i^t^iesrnost^abominabie feature
of i thb'iwhoiejafj^air.^ Men who entered the
cltyith^reBdaxisiiafter the catastrophe have
i^Continued on"7Page T "a.
ALLEqES SHOCKIN^f<i^il^NITY : ' : ¦'
. TO THE VICTlM$6WM0NT* PELEE
SDecial Dispatch to The Call.
T T 7ILLEMSTADT. Curacao,-' June
I/I/ 26.— A train carrying Mrs. Bow-
V v en, the American Minister; ths
Spanish Minister, Senor Ayala.
and. his wife and others, who
were. going from Caracas to La Guaira
to take breakfast on board the United
States cruiser" Cincinnati, was held up
and searched by armed revolutionist?,
who captured several of President Cas
tro's high officers and important docu
ments. William H. Russell, secretary : of
the American legation, conferred with ths
revolutionists, who guaranteed absolute
safety for Mrs. Bowen and -her party an<l
six American officers, among .whom was
lieutenant Commander J. C. Gilmore of
Philippine fame. .
On the arrival of the train at La Guaira
the captains of the Cincinnatkand Topeka
raised the Spanish ensign and pave an
official salute to the Spanish Minister.
Exciting Experience
of Americans in
Venezuela.
REBELS
HOLD UP
A TRAIN
POSSIBILITY
OF ANOTHER
OPERATION
Y OytiOy. June 2O.— Tie
¦ m flrst bulletin not al
§ together * encouraging
* in Its character since
; "-,:J"i the King's illness be
»an trni Issued at 11 o'clock
and though not in itself
nlnrmlnc. it caused gloom
everyvrbere. All during: the
. evening: disquieting; rmnon
vrere circulated In the lob
bies of the House of Com
mon's, and a tew minutes be
fore 11 o'clock an official
statement .-was ! telegraphed
from Buckingham ! palace
vrhlch stated that the Kins;
had passed a fairly comfort
able day and has sustained
his strength; that there vras
. a return of desire for food,
which w«i to be very care
fully given. . But the alarm*
fnjsr portion of it xvas that
there had been a return of
the pain in. the nonnd. The
fact that there Tra« pain vrni
taken In some quarters a*
an Indication that a second
operation " mlsht -hare -,to be
performed- Closely follow-
In c: this announcement came
another that further advices
from the pnlaee mleht be Is
sued ahnat 1 o'clock In , the
inornins.
It warn subsequently learn*
ed that the- pain had un
doubtedly been caused by
the fact that liquid food had
been crlven to the King. One
of the symptoms of 'the dis
ease Is a cravins: for non r
lshment. Hospital -patients
usually believe- irhen food Is
dented them that they are
starring: to death.
The afternoon bulletins
had been more cheerful in
tone.' and: the change in. the
erenins came as a great dl»
. appointment.
Continued ' on Page Two.
¦w- ONDON, June 26 (midnight).—
B Those around King Edward
S . continue to be astonished at his
MB -. rapid recovery. .The" slightly,
¦Jit-m^& annoying symptoms mention
ed in the -bulletin - issued
at"; ¦11;' o'clock to-night 'are .quite
inconsequential compared- to ; the . fact
which 1 the Associated . Press > has learn
ed; that -his Majesty "again took food
to-night and was afterward allowed - ¦ to
smoke a clear. .;
' Queen Alexandra cat with her husband
air the evening, and only left him after
he had fallen into a peaceful sleep..
Mention by the King's doctors of the
care with which food fa' administered to
the j royal ( patient and_ the return {of . pain
in the ¦•wound -can safely 'be "taken." as
merely ..in "earnest of ; their conscientious
intention'of making public i the slightest
adverse symptom, however unimportant.
THE LA TEST BULLETIN.
, LONDON, June 27.— A bulletin issued from Buckingham Palace
at 10:15 this morning says: "His Majesty had a fair night and
has had some settled sleep. His appetite is improving and his
wound is much more comfoftablc. On the whole the King's con
dition is attended with .less anxiety;- '<
(Signed) "LISTER, TREVES, SMITH, LAKING, BARLOW."
; CATHEDRAL IN .WHICH PRAYERS^ WERE 'OFFERED FOR THE KING'S
r • . RECOVERY; MEMBERS 'OF : THE'ROYAI. FAMILY; ; NOTED ' CHURCH
j '-/.. MEN WHO PARTICIPATED IN SERVICES ; LORD MAYOR OF LONDON.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
VOLU3IE XCII— NO. 27.
SAN.-FBANCiS^ 1902. \
I ONDON, June 27, 5 A: M.— Rumors are being freely cfr since the last bulletin was
*-** issued, at 11 o'clock last night It is \alsq asserted thai L ?'a ; secoi^ipperation may be necessary, j
RUMORS THAT KING GROWS WORSE
AND SECOND OPERATION IN NECESSARY
The San Francisco Call.ALLEGES SHOCKING INHUMANITY
and moving for its adoption Hepburn
said that he had not changed his opin
ion in any degree on the main points
of difference between the Senate and the
House bill. In regard to the route, he
still believed in Nicaragua, and In reg'ard
to the construction, he still believed in
what he called the central idea, that in
the building of such a great work, far
removed from the American borders, all
the power should be placed In the hands
of one person Instead of a commission.
He thought that possible scanaal and
corruption could . be better avoided with
centralized power. In regard to the
route he said he did not think that the
new Panama Company had anything to
sell which the United * States ought * to
buy: He was very emphatic in his be
lief that the President would never find
his way clear to construct the canal by
the Panama route. After a brief, debate
the roll call was ordered on the adop
tion of the. conference report and It was
j accepted by the House by a vote of 252
to 8. Those voting In the negative were.
Ball (Texas), Bell (Colorado), Hay (Vir
ginia), Jones (Virginia), Clatude Kitchen
(North Cardlina), Loud (California), Ne
ville (Nebraska), Woods (California).
Senator Morgan later made a report to
the Senate and It was accepted in less
than a minute of time. The bill now goes
to the President for his signature.
.» t » • t t » » » ••••••......... _
told me that they heard cries of the dying
even then. Two soldiers from Balata
have told me personally of entering the
city on May 10 and hearing the shrieks
of the unfortunates who had been crip
pled by falling- stones or timbers or buried
alive. ..
"St. Pierre was the stronghold of the
white party. Elections were to be held on
May 10 and the officials were so busy In
suring their own election that they had no
time for relief measures. The central
committee in Fort de France, which re
ceived the requests of the northern towns
for relief, /divided themselves Into two
classes on the basis of whether they had
returned a majority for the'black or white
ticket. The towns which voted for white
candidates were blacklisted, while the
negro towns received all the flour and
other supplies they could use. If the
white towns were helped at all it was
grudgingly and after long periods of wait-
Ing.
'•'In Fort de France itself the. white ap-
. BATTLE CREEK, Mich., Juue 25.— The
Malta- Vita Pure Food Company Is flood
ed with orders. The popularity of this
food is phenomenal. -The factory is run
ning i;Ight and day. The capacity has
been doubled several times. Another large
building Is just nearlng completion. They
hop* soon to have the output equal to all
demands. .
'^v'c'-^C Orders. •
Special to The San Francisco Call.
Twenty-Three Car Loads Behind
MALTA- VITA BOOMING.
plicants for aid were kept standing in line
for hours, while negroes were helped to
what they wanted again and again. In
some Instances the requests of the whites
were disregarded. If they asked for bread
they received a pair of shoes. This treat
ment became so intolerable that many of
the white sufferers refused to present
theinslvea at the relief stations."
One of the most important difference?
between the Senate and House '.bills is-
that.relating to coinage. The Senate pro
vided a silver standard somewhat In ex
tension and perfection' of that now in ex
istence. %The House measure provides a
gold standard system, with the gold dol
lar of the 'United- States as the standard
unit of value for the Islands. The main
coin is to be the peso, made in sliver, but
of gold value;, and this is , to be divided
into .subsidiary pieces of. money bearing
devices emblematic of American- sover
eignty.. Provision is al$o made for a sys
tem of paper currency, banks; and for a
complete financial system, the details be-
In?, different from those- Jn the Senate
measure, although following the • same
general: lines.'. In dealing with the grant
of franchises,, the substitute places many
more restrictions on such grants than the
Senate bill. In" this respect restrictions
provided by the House follow the lines of
those provided for Porto Rico. Both bills
provide for acquiring the friar lands and
for the issue of bonds sufficient to pay
for. the ¦ lands, ; the Senate provision . mak
ing the interest rate 4Va per, cent, the
House 5- per cent. Both measures contain
extended provisions relative r to timber
lands, harbor ' and Internal improvements
and for two delegate commissioners chos
en by . the Filipino people to represent
them in'Washington and to have the privi
lege of the floor of - the House,
The House substitute amplifies "the h\\
of rights" enumerated in the ' Senate
measure and adds to the number of issue
which can be appealed to the Suprem
Court of the United States. The Hous^
measure also defines, with greater detail
thanthe Senate, the rights of citizenshii
of those residing in the Islands, and pro
vides that all residents shall receive the
same protection from the United Statey
in respect to their relation with foreign
Governments as is accorded to citizens ol
the United States. ¦ ' v - •
The Senate .bill contained- no such pro
vision. The Legislature- is to be chosen
after the "existing insurrection in tlit
Philippines shall have ceased and com
plete peace shall have been established
therein and the fact certified to the Presi
dent by the Philippine Commission."
The debate during the day was at times
of a lively character. The Democrats of
fered a multitude of amendments, but all
were voted down, including one offered
by Patterson of Tennessee to prohibit
slavery or involuntary servitude in the
islands. ;* The most Interest attached to
an amendment offered by McCall to the
end that the bill-declare the policy of the
United States to be to develop the capac
ity of the Filipinos for self-government
and pledging the faith of the United
States to grant them self-government. He
supported the amendment in an eloquent
speech, and the Democrats '¦ challenged
their political adversaries to declare their j
future policy. - Grosvenor of Ohio and
Cooper of Wisconsin said it would be un
wise to mortgage the future by making
such a declaration now, and the latter
quoted Governor Taft as saying that such
a promise now would tend to prevent the
pacification of the islands. The amend
ment was lost, 89 to 128. It was a strict
party vote, except for McCall and Little
field of Maine, who voted with the Demo
crats for the . amendment.;
The. 'substitute for the Senate Philippine
civil government bill differs from . the bilr
as it passed the Senate in many minor
particulars, but principally in the follow
ing:-' ' ¦". ¦ ¦ ¦•¦¦¦-•¦¦
The House substitute provides for a
complete system of civil government, with
a legislature to consist of two houses, one
of which shall be a popular assembly
elected by the Filipino people.
WASHINGTON, June 26.-At 8 o'clock
to-night at the end of a nine-hour session
and of a debate lasting night and day for
a week, the House passed the Philippine
civil government bill practically as it
came from the committee. It wajs a party
vote— 141 to 97, with the exception of Mc-
Call of Massachusetts, who voted with
the Democrats. The minority substitute
for the establishment of a temporary gov
ernment In the islands and their perma
nent independence as soon as a stable gov
ernment could be established, was defeat
ed by 95 to 1S6.
House Measure for Civil Government
of Philippines. *
PASS A.BEL BY PARTY VOTE.
They '.were * assisting us "and '.at "the same
time fighting their own battle.-/ I had- In'; my
mind In . deal|n{r - with Jhe .Filipinos;.tbe..asslst
ance that the negroes , haa given the Federal
forces during, the Civil .War. ' We . availed our-
TAKING OF SUBIG BAY.
: When I permitted Aguinaldo to go ashore
I did not know. that the United States troops
would be sent. I was a long way from home
and I was meeting. emergencies- as they- arose.
Whatever I did, I did according' to- my best
Judgment at the time. Later 'I said to •Agui
naldo: "There is. the. enemy: you pursue your
course-and we - will pursue "ours." -\ 1 •, think
that is the wisest thing I ever said.' ¦'¦¦ '¦". : '.
The Filipinos were our friends and they
were doing our work. I believed • that • they
were so delighted to get rid. of the Spaniards
that they would accept us with open • arms.
Even when Aguinaldo was at the height of his
power at Molalos. Admiral Seymour of the
British navy had told Aguinaldo that he should
tie to the Americans as they were. their best
friends. The Filipinos were then our frietida
and were helping us. We had no troops to
Jand. and I knew that the more closely- the
city was invested the easier, it would be to
take it when our own '.troops should ¦ ¦arrive.
Still I think we could have -got on as weil
without them. It was their own idea. We
all know that hindsight; Is .better than fore
sight. Looking back. I would, not have ha4
the Flljplnos join v me. but I thought :they.
would be friendly; and I think they were. very
ungrateful to turn against us. - •• '•<¦¦ ¦¦"¦'-.¦
Senator Carmack called Admiral Dew
ey's attention to the fact, that he had
given arms to Aguinaldo, notwithstand
ing the Governor General had told him
that he would surrender the city at. any
time, and asked why he had. done bo in the
face of that understanding.. The reply
was. to the effect that he cQnsidered..it a
proper military act. Continuing, the. ad
miral said: . ¦ . , • ¦ i %••-.
"I did. and still think so." .
FILIPINOS ARE UNGRATEFTJI/.
When asked in cross-examination if he
had not repeated his original statement
to the Navy Department that the Fili
pinos were more capable ot Independent
government than the Cubans, Admiral
D6wey replied in the affirmative, saying:
The Hongkong Filipinos" had not, he
added, told him of any insurrection in the
Philippines and he -had consented to see
them on the same principle that a man
gives money' to a man to get rjdof him.
Indeed, he himself had given Aguinaldo
the first Information the latter had re
ceived that the Filipinos were assembling
near Manila. . .' • ., ..
Rsturning from his departure from
Hongkong. Admiral Dewey repeated that
he had left for Manila without Aguinaldo,
saying he tfiad left as early as he did
largely because he wanted to get rid of
him and the other "little brown men,"
many of whom- were constantly coming
aboard the flagship.
"I was very busy," he said, "getting
ready for battle and they were -after
me constantly, taking up my time.' . None
of them went with me to Mirs Bay, for
various reasons. One of them failed to do
so, because he did not have his tooth
brush with him." • •.
"He was Consul General of the United
States," Patterson of Tennessee* sug
gested, and the witness replied, "Yes, but
he had nothing to do with the attack on
Manila." " • ; '
Admiral Dewey added that he was
pleased to supply the committee with this
history. It had, he said, never' been
printed and he had been reserving it with
the view of writing the story himself. He
had copies of some of the communications
received by him, made because of this
purpose, but none of those from Pratt, as
he regarded him as a busybody, devoting
much time to interfering with the busi
ness, of other people. . ¦
GREW TIRED OF AGTTINALIX)!
The Spaniards were very fearful of the re
sult of such a course, and, therefore, ther
surrendered to me in advance. That was all
arranged, and there was no need for the loss
of a man In the capture of the city. It was
to be done at a signal, and no gun need have
been fired by us but for the desire -of 'the
Governor General, who said his honor de
manded that a few shots should be fired. So
that I had to flre and kill a few people, but
the Spaniards did not fire because of my warn
ing that It would be disastrous to the city
for them to do so. They had In the city 15,000
troops and forty -seven rifled guns.
WHY . HE FIRED , ON 5 CITY.
When Senator Lodge; askeid the admiral,
"Did you recofenize.the Filipino -republic?"
he replied: ,.. , - ,<.'
1 did not.' I never gave the' 'slightest recog
nition. I had no authority to do so, and,-be
sides, did not consider, it! an organized, gov
ernment. There was a reign of terror, and the
Filipino forces were riding roughshod over the
community, committing many acts of cruelty.
I sent word to Aguinaldo that he. must treat
his prisoners kindly, and. he replied that be
would. . . _ - . •. .
"What would -have been the. e'ffect- of
permitting the Filipino force to enter Ma
nila when our troops, entered?", asked
Senator Lodge. . Vi
pinos. The . admiral,' going into details,
said: ¦ • . ...
That proclamation was the first Intimation
I had received of the aspirations of the Fili
pino people for an Independent government.
Aguinaldo had never told me that the inde
pendence of his people was his aim. . But
when the proclamation came I thought noth
ing of it. Indeed. I attached so little import
ance to it that I did not cable it to Washing
ton, but left its transmission to the mails.*
After this time, on July 15, Aguinaldo
sent, to him from Bacoor tils flrst.procla
mation of the Independence of the Fili-
The admiral said that after. Aguinaldo
got his forces organized he ; occupied
Cavlte, but when he • (Dewey) learned that
American troops were expected to arrive
soon he asked • them to retire. ' They at
first demurred, but ' ultimately consented.
The Governor replied that if I, did not fire
on the city The shore batteries would remain
eilent. The Spanish flag was not taken down
but white flags were raised in token of sur
render and if I had Had with me 6000 troops
with which to occupy the city I could have
taken it and held it. I anchored my ships un
der his guns. 2000 yards away and lay - there
twenty-four ho-urs. During that time the Gov
ernor General sent word to me, several times
that he wanted to surrender to | me — to the
navy, j I could not entertain his proposition of
a formal surrender because of the lack of
troops to take possession of the <jjty,
Admiral Dewey said he had written the
Navy Department that the Filipinos were
more capable of self-government than the
Cubans because he saw that Congress
contemplated, giving independence to Cuba
and he knew that the American people
had little information concerning the Fil-
Jpios. - • .
In explanation of his statement that the
city of Manila had surrendered on the day
of the destruction of the Spanish fleet
Admiral Dewey said that during thenaval
engagement land guns had been fired at
him by the shore batteries and that aa
soon as the Spanish sauadron was de
stroyed he steamed toward the city, send
ing word to the Government that if an
other shot was fired from the shore he
would fire on the city. Continuing, Admir
al Dewey said:-.
SURRENDER OF MANILA.
Admiral Dewey then said the Spanish
Government wanted to surrender the city
to him after the destruction of the fleet
and that he (Dewey) would have accep
ted the formal surrender if he had had
5000 troops to garrison the city. He told
about Agulnaldo's arrival, saying that he
put him ashore and told him to organize
his people. Aguinaldo came back dis
couraged and wanted to go to Japan, but
the admiral told him to continue his ef
forts. The admiral said he paid no at
tention to Agulnaldo's first proclamation
of independence of the Filipinos. Speak
ing of Aguinaldo's military operations,
he said he did wonderfully In whipping
the Spanish.
Admiral Dewey said emphatically that
he never had recognized Aguinaldo's
Government, nor did he salute Agulnal
do's flag, he never called Aguinaldo "gen
eral," but addressed him as Don Emlll».
The admiral said he had not given the
Filipino Government the slightest recog
nition, that he had no authority to do
so and did not consider it an organized
government. He said the Spaniards wero
fearful of the Filipinos entering Manila
and therefore surrendered to him in ad
vance. He said there was no need for
the loss of a man in the capture of the
city. No gun would have been fired, but
for the desire of the Governor, who said
that his honor demanded that a few
-shots be fired, "So I had to fire and kill
a few people," said the admiral, but the.
Spaniards did not fire because be (Dew
ey) had warned them not to do so.
He did not believe the Filipinos could
have taken the city unaided, but the
Spaniards were ' greatly dembrallzed. The
admiral said he never received a letter
from Consul ,Pratt telling him he must
co-operate with Aguinaldo. He added that
Pratt wrote a number of foolish letters
about that time.. 1 ..
I then heard that there were a number of
Filipinos who desired to accompany the fleet
to Manila. All of them were young and earn
est. I did not attach much Importance to them
or to what they said. The day before we left
Hongkong I received a telegram from Consul
General Pratt, located at Singapore, saying
that Aguinaldo was at Singapore and would
Join me at Hongkong. I replied, "All right,
tell him to come, aboard," but I attached so
little importance to the message that I sailed
without Aguinaldo and before he arrived.
Th'.** -were then many promises as to what
t/:e Filipinos would do. but I did not depend
upon them. Consul Williams assured me that
upon our arrival and the firing of the first
gun 30.000 Filipinos would rise. None did
rise, and I frequently poked him on this point.
AGUINAI/DO'S PROCIiAMATION.
The admiral was questioned by Senator
Ledge. He said ho had first heard from
Aguinaldo and his friends about April 1,
1S9S, when it became certain that there
was to be war. Continuing, he said: -
WASHINGTON, June 26. — Ad
miral Dewey made a state
ment before the Senate Com
mittee on the Philippines to
day concerning the early op
erations at Manila, when he was in com
mand of : the American naval forces In
Philippine .water^VJCChe admiral's state
ment contributed *"tfn" important addition
to the history of the surrender of the city
of Manila. This consisted of a positjve
statement, by the admiral to the effect
that the" city had been surrendered :'tp
him a£ ? th'e time' thit the Spanish fleet
was sunki and that '.when the city did
surrender it was in pursuance of a defii
nito understanding between himself and
the Spanish Governor General.
A letter was submitted from 'Secretary
Root* 'inclosing a' cablegram, .irom General
Chaff 4e.*relatiYe : to, the-olt-denied report
of . the^shootlngj of .'1W&- Filipino prisoners
at IroSin:i~:GeneraI Chaftee' shows that the
matterchad -been thoroughly investigated.
Admiral.' Walker," who was said to have
written 'the letter containing this, charge
to his father in Massachusetts, denies it
and all- of the command deny it Details
of the operations of the troops are given
to show- that the report is untrue.
The admiral "was Mill on the "stand when
the committee adjourned until -to-morrow.
His .reason for taking' possession of Su
big Baywas because he "did not want any
other ¦ power to interfere.'.'. ¦;,;... s..:
selves of that assistance, and I thought would
accept the aid of the Filipinos in the same
way. • The one idea was to get rid of the
Spaniards, and I believe that if on May 1.
before the Insurrection was* organized, we had
had there a few American troops, the Filipinos
would have i accepted us and that ¦ they would
have remained loyal. ¦ ¦ ¦ -. ;
ADMIRAL DEWEY THROWS NEW LIGHT
ON AMERICAN OPERATIONS AT MANILA
Pope Is Distressed.
ROME, June 26.— The Pope was .much
distressed when, he -heard of King Ed
ward's illness, and immediately telegraph-
LONDON, June 27.— The Daily Mail
says: "We understand on excellent au
thority that the progress of the King con
tinues to be most satisfactory. Indeed,
his recovery is now. humanly speaking,
regarded as practically certain. The
greatest relief is felt in royal circles. We
are pleased to be able to state that the
Queen, who visited the sick-room several
times during the day, is experiencing the
keenest satisfaction. The King himself
is answering every expectation of his doc
tors. His general condition is excellent.
There are no organic troubles of any kind.
He is "now able to see members of. his
family, peruse newspapers and open most
of his own letters and telesrams. He is
taking the keenest interest in what is be
ing . said and done in " the • world
outside. He is now permitted to smoke.
He is also able to take substantial nour
ishment, such as beef tea, .milk and other
light forms of diet."
PROGRESS IS SATISFACTORY.
cess of Wales, who were present and re
mained in the gardens with their little
guests for a couple of hours.
ed to Mgr. Merry Del Val, the sped;
papal envoy, to convey his expression <
sorrow to his Majesty and to keep tl
Pontiff informed as to his condition.;'
American Etobassy to Scatter.
LONDON, .June. 26.— Mr. and Mrs.
Whitelaw Reid, after services at St.
Paul's: to-day, were entertained at lun
cheon at the residence of Lord Lans
downe, the t Foreign Secretary, when Mr.
Reid formally took his leave as special
embassador. The only remaining formal
ity is his official leave-taking of the
Prince of Wales, which will probably be
arranged for to-morrow. Thereafter the
American special embassy will dissolve,
Mr. and Mrs. Reid and General James H.
Wilson, who was to have represented the
army of the United States at the coro
nation, and Mrs. Wilson going to the Con
tinent and the other members of • Mr.
Reid's suite scattering. They will return
later to London In' their private capacity.
Russian Troops Being- Withdrawn.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 28.— It is said
that the Russian troops.have already been
withdrawn' . from, Moukden, Manchuria,
that Kerin will be evacuated by 1903, and
that the Shan-Kai-Kwan railway will be
restored to its owners by October. The
Manchurian railroad guards will number
30,000 men. '• . ¦ .: . •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
All the newspapers print conspicuously dispatches
from various parts of the world/ showing the universal sor
row for the stricken King and his" people. But tlje most
gratifying to the court and th6 public at large are the evi
dences of good will and sympathy from the United States.
for himself and for the Queen, and. air the royal family,
in this time of sorrow and anxiety. He has repeated' his
earnest wish to minimize in every possible way the disap
pointment which has been occasioned . his illness. With
this object, the King told the Prince of Wales that he de
sired .that the list_of honors which was. to have ' been pub
lished on the morning of the coronation, and the publication
of which, it was announced, would be postponed, should be
issued as previously arranged. , • •
-T ONDON, June 26. — King Edward is deeply touched
/ yhy the universal sympathy which, has been manifested
KING IS DEEPLY TOUCHED
BY UNIVERSAL SYMPATHY
Prayers for the Recovery of the Afflicted
Sovereign Are Offered at St. Paul's
and Other Churches.
Continned From Page One.
.--. ONDON, June 26.— At the hour
W when the King should have
fir been crowned, a great and dls
n tinguished gathering, almost
B with that which would
"^^"^^ have sat in Westminster Ab-
bey. gathered In St. Paul's
Cathedral. The approaches were lined by
sliest throngs, through which drove peers
and peeresses, Colonial Premiers, foreign
envoys, embassadors and members of the
House of Commons, all in somber clothes.
In the chancel were Joseph H. Choate,
United States Embassador, and Mrs.
Choate; Henry White, secretary of th«
embassy, and Mrs. White; Whitelaw
Held, the special embassador of the Uni
ted States to the coronation, and Mrs.
Reid; Mr. and Mrs. J. Plerpont Morgan
Jr., and the leading members of the no
bility.
GET PROMINENT PLACES.
Presld^nt Roosevelt's sisters, Mre.
Douglas Robinson tind Mrs. W. Shef
lield Cowles, accompanied Mr. and Mrs.
Reid to St. Paul's and the members of
this small party were given the moot
prominent pis.ceis in the Cathedral.
In the .nave about a thousand of the
Westminster Abbey ticketholders, main
ly women, were seated.
Shortly before the big western doors
v.ere swung open, sunlight streamed in
and the Duke of Cambridge, leaning-, on
the arm of an equerry, walked to the
chancel.
A* 2 o'clock struck there arose from the
far end of the nave the clear notes of the
opening sentences of the litany, chanted
by four of the cathedral clergy. Their
tones were in such unison that they seem
ed to emanate from one powerful voice.
The choir took up the responses. At
each supplication the procession, with the
cross at its head, advanced a few steps
and then stood still until the response was
completed. Through the kneeling congre-
BBITill'S QUEEN ENCOURAGES
gatlon the choir advanced to the chancel
steps. A score of the clergy followed, and
behind them were ten Bishops in gorgeous
robes. Then came the Most Rev. Wil
liam Dalrymple MaeLagan, the Arch
bishop of York; the Most Rev. Frederick
Temple, the Archbishop of Canterbury,
and the Lord Mayor, Sir Joseph C. Dims
dale; the corporation, in full state dress,
bringing up the rear. With radiant feel-
Ing the choir sang the three psalms of
intercession, after which the Right Rev.
Cosmo Gordon Lang, Bishop of Stepheny,
read the lesson. Isaiah, chapter 38, verse
10. "I said in the cutting off of my days,
I shall go to the gates of the grave; I
am deprived of the residue of my years.
READS THE PRAYER.'
The Right Rev. Arthur F. W. Ingram,
Bishop of London, from the altar steps,
read the prayer: "O Lord, save the
King." His voice rang out to the furthest
recesses of the dome and brought a whole
souled response from the choir and the
congregation. -
The anthem and the singing of the
hymn, "Thine Arm, O Lord, in Days of
Old Was Strong to Heal and Save," and
Psalm SI concluded the «ser\ice, where
upon the Bishop of London, surrounded by
the Archbishops and Bishops, from the
altar steps, impressively pronounced the
benediction.
For a few moments complete silence
reigned and all heads were bowed in
prayer, after which the almost blind Arch
bishop of Canterbury was carefully led
down the steps, the procession re-formed
and the congregation .went into the sun
light, gladly discussing the wording of the
latest bulletin from Buckingham Palace.
Simultaneously a similar service was
conducted at St. Margaret's Church,
Westminster. It was largely attended by
Cabinet Ministers, peers and members of
the House of Commons, and was conclud
ed with singing "God Save the King."
From India, Australia and Africa, ev
erywhere that Britons congregated, tele
grams announce the holding of impres
sive, supplicatory services.
night along the Strand was thronged
with crowds of people who usually con
fined themselves to taking a farewell look
at the decorations gradually disappear
ing from -the front of Buckinghanv Pal
ace.. Only a slim gathering awaited the
night bulletin and when that was posted
the royal residence, save for a few strag
glers, became deserted.. .
Inside ..the palace the members of the
royal family spent a quiet evening and
•the number of callers was smaller than
any night this week.
With the favorable progress of the
King there Is much discussion as to how
the coronation, will eventually be effected.
While nothing has in any way been def
initely settled,. it appears that King Ed
ward is likely to .celebrate this event
very quietly .and with merely the cere
mony that attends the opening of Parlia
ment. .
This consists of a drive direct to West
minster Abbey, accompanied by a small
escort, and a speedy return to Bucking
ham Palace,' and it is rumored that no
foreign princes or envoys will be espe
cially invited for the occasion. All this,
Oi course, is quite in the air, but it forms
one of the chief topics of London's daily
conversation.
Hundreds of visitors to . London, espe
cially Americans and people from the
country, flocked to Westminster Abbey
to-day and until late at night curious and
miner awe-stricken crowds of spectators
i l «S? fM? ins at the place "wfcere King Ed-
v ard VII should have been crowned. The
artificial coronation annex, which is one
of the few parts of the abbey not hidden
by stands, attracted special attention.
Providing Kins Edward maintains his
present rate of improvement London will
soon be emptied of its^ holiday crowd and
the proposed coronation will be looked
tcrward to as an occasion for thanksgiv
ing bereft of pagjeantry.
SING "GOD "SAVE 'THE KING.''
Delegates at Sunday School Conven
tion Show Sympathy.
DENVER, June 26.— The tenth interna
tional Sunday-school Convention opened
its first session at Trinity M. E. Church
to-night. The auditorium was decorated
with American and British flags. The
greater part of the time was devoted to
welcoming speeches and responses. A.
B. McCrillis of Providence, R. I., presid
ed in place of President Hoke Smith of
Atlanta, Ga., who was detained at home
by illness.
I s - H. Atwater, president of the Colorado
State Sunday-school Association- ex-
Mayor Henry V. Johnson, chairman of
the local committee, and Rev. B. B Ty
ler, president of the Ministerial Alliance
of Denver, welcomed the delegates Re
sponse was made by Vice President i Mc
.Cnllis.
After the announcement of the nomin
ating committee, Hon. F. F. Belsey
chairman of the Sunday School union of
London, was introduced. As he stepped
upon the platform the audience rose and
Sa .?vF V£ od S , ave ,. the KJn g." following it
with America. The compliment was
gracefully acknowledged. •
A committee consisting of Mr. Belsey
and J. J. McLaren of Ontario and E K
Warren of Michigan was named to frame
a cablegram of sympathy to King Ed
ward to be sent tc-morrow. The session
closed with an address by Dr. John
Potts of Toronto, Canada, chairman of
the lesson committee, on "Why We Have
Come to Denver."
SUFFERS PAIN FROM WOUND.
Last Bulletin Concerning the King's
Condition.
: LONDON, June 28.— The following bul
!etin was posted at Buckingham Palace
at 11 o'clock to-night: i.V'
"The King has passed a fairly com
fortable day and has maintained his
strength. There is a returning desire for
food, which has been very carefully
given. There has been some return of
pain in the wound.
"TREVES, LAKING, BARLOW."
Emperor William's Offer.
LONDON, June 26.— Acording- to the Bir
•mingham Post, immediately after hearing
of the King's illness, Emperor William
telegraphed to Prince Henry of Prussia,
who was in London, setting: forth how he
was moved by the news and offering, to
come immediately "to London" to see his
uncle if there was any immediate danger
Prince Henry Is said to have replied with
a reassuring message.
Dinner for Little Ones.
LONDON', June 26.— The arrangements
for the MarlborougH House entertainment
of children were carried out to-day in spite
of the postponement of the coronation.
About 1300 youngsters enjoyed the dinner
provided for them by the Prince and Prin-
People Who Throng to the Palace Gates
in Quest of News of the King Are
Reassured by Bulletins.
In. -the medical profession there are
nor wanting opinions which, so far from
appioving the course of action taken by
the medical men in attendance upon the
King, criticize it severely. In the first
MEDICAL MEN DIFFER.
One incident of the night was furnished
by an . elderly and respectably dressed
woman, who, just before daybreak, came
walking slowly up the Mall. When oppo
site the palace gates she dropped on her
knees in the attitude of prayer. Cyclists
came early to make inquiries, but -at 9
o'clock there was only a small. crowd of
people outside the railings. -.People
and went during the'day, but manifested
more curiosity in the distinguished yisit
ors and ; their carriages than I in what
might be happening inside the palace.
Princess Victoria drove out about 9:30,
remaining about an hour. Perhaps the
crowd outside the palace was the great
est between 10 and 11 o'clock. When one
of tho servants, bearing baize-covered
boards\con taming bulletins, came out of
the palace doors, a rush was made for him
and he was eagerly questioned, but he
gave no heed and quietly hung up the bul
letin board. The man who put up the
board of royal news in. Buckingham Pat
ace road was almost mobbed as he pro
ceeded to his destination.
The Prince and Princess of "Wales,
Prince and Princess Henry of Prussia, the
Duke of Cambridge and most -of the for
eign envoys called during *the day. It
is generally understood that should his
Majesty's health permit the coronation
will undoubtedly take place toward au
tumn, only, most probably, under quieter
circumstances. -/<
KNEELS IN PRAYER.
Different in many respects • from that
of the day before was the scene about
Buckingham Palace. Throngs of -¦ people
were out early to learn what progress the
King was making, but the reassuring
character of the early bulletins sent- most
of them on their way with lighter hearts.
Pall Mall, Piccadilly, ' the Strand and
Fleet street were jammed - and congested
with vehicles of all description, from, the
cart of a gibing costemonger to'the state
ly coach of royalty, with pompous ser r
vants in red coats and powdered wigs. .
tion of ..the King. .lit.. was _a
trifle warm, but a cooling breeze rippled
the flags and bunting 1 and threw refresh
ing sprays of dancing mist from tl>e foun
tains in Trafalgar Square. -,% r
¦y ONDON, June 26. — London
B never looked brighter or gayer
B- in the dazzling sunshine than
a j it did to-day, which had_ been
set apart • for the "corona-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Continued From Page One.
place, It is asserted that they knew at
least ten days ago that there was no
probability that the King- would be able
to undergo the ordeal of coronation. Had
public notification been made at the time
it would have saved thousands and thou
sands of pounds which have been spent
in useless decorations and preparations.
But this afternoon several practitioners
were even more severe.
According to well authenticated reports,
the .King has been allowed to sit up in
bed and read the .'newspapers; also that
besides the Queen, who is In the sick
room-a great part of-the time, his Majesty
had seen and talked to the Vrlnce of
Wales and his three- daughters.
' "If this is true," said one practitioner,
"it is running the greatest risk. For forty
eight hours, after such an operation it is
vitally important that the patient should
He as motionless as possible and see no
one except the surgeon and nurses.
"According to a patient of Sir Fred
erick Treves, who was operated on for
appendicitis, for two weeks previous to
going under the knife, he lived a life of
the utmost quietness, lying down the
greater part of the time, eating light
foods and having- for sole exercise daily
drives. Railway journeys, especially, he
v/as told, must be avoided, and with all
this, the . greatest care must be taken
to insure regularity and avoid chills.. In
a fortnight's time he was operated upon.
VIOLATES THE RULES.
AGREES ON CANAL QUESTION
"Even assuming that the King did not
drive about at "Windsor, It would seem
he did not carry, out the rules which
were indispensable if he were desirous of
averting the dangers of peritonitis. The
idea of visiting Aldershot in wet weather,
of entertainments, dinners and a railway
journey would not have been allowed to
be entertained by any of his Majesty's
subjects suffering from the same com
plaint. Yet it was allowed to'the King.
"The crisis is generally reached within
the first forty-eight hours and is wholly
detected by means of temperature and
pulse. Heightened temperature and high
pulse indicate the formation of pus and
may necessitate reopening the incision."
".To a., satisfactory note in yesterday's
bulletin,'.' says the Daily Telegraph, "3
welcome echo is found in medical cir
cles. The general opinion may be sum
med up in the. observation of one gen
tleman that, although there is every
reason for grave anxiety, . there Is none
for, actual fear. Everything turns upon
the possibility of .a recrudescence of the
septic conditions in the ¦¦, wound,, and it
is needless to say, in such hands as
those who have charge of his Majesty's
case, all that human skill can do will be
done to avert such a mischance."
INSTEAD OF GATHERING FOR BRILLIANT CORONATION CEREMONY
DISTINGUISHED PERSONS ATTEND THE SUPPLICATORY SERVICES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTJNE 27, ,1902.
By the King's personal desire the royal
pardons of offenders in the army will go
Into effect just a* if the coronation had
occurred. The last Intimation suitably
brings to a close the day which was to
have been notable in English history and
which, from the viewpoint of the public,
bas passed In that mediocrity which is at
tached to all things that are neither
wholly good nor bad., r 'jV."-
The most striki&gr featurfe'-.ol corona
tion day. as it Is still called, was the
universal substitution of services of in
tercession for those of rejoicing. The
services occurred throughout the country
and on board the great fleet that lies
tmreviewed in Portsmouth harbor. Yet
even these lacked pathetic and dramatic'
elements. In the face of to-day's favor
able bulletins, tears and litanies are ob
viously out of place. The crowds that
packed the streets of the metropolis untii
mldnigrht to-night evidently appreciated
this; they did not "Maffick," but there
was a general sense of rejoicing. All
PAEDOira OF OFFENDERS.
¦way than he was lasf night or this morn-
Ing. The return of pain m his wound is
not accompanied by any appreciable In
crease of temperature. In fact. King- Ed
ward's doctors are inclined to regard the
patient's pain and his appetite as healthy
symptoms, although, with the reserve
they have maintained throughout, they re
frain from commenting thereon.
To these hopes of a favorable issue of
the King's illness no less an authority
than the Queen gives encouragement.
¦Writing to the Lord Mayor of London,
Sir Joseph C. Dimsdale. to-day, to thank
him for his expressions of sympathy of
- .ttte city of London. Queen Alexandra say 3
through her secretary: • . . • - -
"The Queen rejoices to think that the
bulletin of this morningr gives a favorable
report of the King."
Following the expressed desire of the
Prince of Wales, the arrangements for il
luminating the city, which .involved the
cosily erection of. set pieces for electric
and gas lights, win be allowed to remain
and will be utilised "immediately it Is an
nounced that the King is out of danger."
Continued From Page One.
2
718 Market Street
Duck and
Crash
Pants
We start a special sale of
them to-day. They come in
good quality duck and linen
crash, and are cut ¦ like trou-
sers, not like overalls; they
have a tapering style to- the
legs and are the proper
thing; this sale comes \at an
opportune time— just wlien
you are going away to the
country and want- to take
along some light summer
pants; we have them in all
waists, measures and lengths;
every bit of the material is
shrunk before being made up
The pants are worth $1.25
and $1.50; on special sale at
' 31, OQ
Out-of-town orders' filled— write us.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OK TUB
WEST. — 24 Post et., 6*n Francisco. Cal.
Established nearly 40 years. Open entire year.
Wrif for 80-page catalogue (free).
THE LYCEUM,
As' ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL,
for tho university. Saw and medical colleges;
rcf^r*nc^e Pree't Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fracor. Phelan Big. L. H. Grau,Ph.D., Principal.
C H TT TV I? I? Expert Accountant,
<7 • 1 1 • 1 rtlviV guarantees a better
knowledge of i ockUeeplng in 8 weeks than any
college can giv in 8 months. Mall course $5.
knowledge guaranteed; country customers so-
licited. My pupils in the most responsible posi-
tions. 239 Parrott building. San Frajjciseo.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
£21 Butter et.— Osteopathy offers finest pro-
lesclonal life known to ambitious young men
tad women. Write for announcement and
any particulars.
HAML1N SCHOOL
AND VAN NESS SEMINARY,
J 843 Jackson St., cor. Gough, S. F. Boarding
tnd day school for girts. Accredited by the
leading colleges and universities. Reopens Aug.
11. UXJ2. SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
College of Notre Dame,
SAJ* JOSE. CALIFORNIA, confers degrees.
grants diplomas, college preparatory; accredited
by State University; Intermediate and primary
claesee for youns children. Studies resumed
August 5. 10C2.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND DAT SCHOOL FOR
younp ladies and little girtt. 2126 California
»t will reopen August 4. 1001. Accredited to
tho Universities. REV. EDWARD B.
CHCRCH. A. M.. Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY, ,
Irvlngton, California. A fclrh grade military
KT-hoc.1 for a limited number of boys of good
character. TCext term begins on August 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON.
HlfCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
XMAS TERM WILT, BEGIN AUGUST 18.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE,
"A THOROUGH SCHOOL."
Progressive, exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
Illustrated catalogue. SOS Larkln st.
R. L, DURHAM. President.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S s S^SSiv?
U>2 Montgomery St., fan Francisco. Cal. !
SKORTHAND TAUGUt BY MAIL ANp
perconally; "best teacher, best eystero."" ;
TRINITY SCHOOL, 2203 Central Ave.,
Opens- Monday, Ang. 4. For Information or cats-
tecu* address the principals, LYON & ROGER.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
{fi\x Havana Filler
" FLORODORA " BANDS en |
cf same value as tags front 1
. "STAR." *' HORSE SHOE:* I
*SPEARHEAD.""STANDARD NAVfC* g
•• OLD PEACH & HONEYS £ |
"SAWLOGr^OLEVARGINY" 4
sr "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco, |
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE,, INVIGORA-
1 tor And Nervine.
. The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Sped*!
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys, and Bladder. 8ell3 on Its own merits.
NABER. ALF9 & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market at.. 3. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN,
CounscIon-at-Law
TJ. S. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney
U S. Patent Office. United States and For-
eign Patents. Caveats. Trade Marks and
Copyrights.
No. 700 7th Street, N. W.
( opp. u. s. Patent office. Washington, D.C.
I DR.P1ER€ES
GOLDEN
. MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
• <• FOR THE
I BIOOP.LIVER.LUNGS.
•nt>TTOTJT7O FOR BARBER3. BA-
DilijOliljO kers . bootblacks, bath-
vaiwwaiuw houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers printers, painters, shce factories,
stablemen, tar-roofera. tanners, tailors, etc
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
VA/. X. HESS,
B0TAEY PUBLIC AND ATTOKNET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels bldg.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone, James 1501.
KEEP YOUR
STOiACH WELL
Everything depends on th.e
' stomach. Horsford's Acid
Phosphate CURES habit-
ual stomach "weakness, im-
proves appetite, digestion
and nutrition, and removes
the cause of headaches and
¦wakef ulness. It is a splendid
TONIC for all weak condi-
tions, quickly improving gen-
eral health. Insist on having
Acid
PKospKo^teWASHINGTON, June 26.— It is learned
that the additional articles to the Mex
ican extradition treaty, including bribery
in the list of extraditable offenses, which
was signed^ in Mexico yesterday by J_.n
ister Clayton and the Minister for For
eign Affairs will not operate against
Charles Kratz. late alderman of St.
Louis, charged with having accepted a
bribe. Earnest representations were mace
to the Mexican Government by the State
Department with a purpose to make the
clause retroactive. But while desirous of
meeting our wishes In that respect, the
Mexican Government felt it was inhibited
by the Mexican constitution from doing
what was desired.
Alderman Kratz Is Safe in Mexico.
CINCINNATI, June 26. — Unusually
heavy rains fell last night along, the Up
per Ohio River and in the Slmms Creek
Valley, causing much damage. At Galll
opolis, Ohio, three bridges were swept
away and at Ripley the Methodist Church
was wrecked. A cloudburst at Polkadotte
MARIETTA, Ohio, June 26.— In the tor
nado last night William Severns was kill
ed. Mrs. John Drayer, Mrs. Styer and
John Bay were dangerously injured. Mrs.
Henry Becker was severely injured.
Henry Becker and his two childen and
several others were badly injured, all of
Marietta. The total loss in this city is
over half, a million dollars.
SIOUX CITY. Iowa, June 26.— Reports
to-day from the storm-swept section of
South- Dakota and Northwestern Iowa
confirm the first reports of damage done,
the loss being placed at $500,000. Stories of
heavy loss of life at Alcester. S. D..
proved unfounded. The damage was
heavy there, but no one was hurt.
the wreck at McCordsville. A conserva
tive estimate of the total damage is
$1,000,000.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 26.— The
tornado that swept across the State
yesterday was the most destructive
storm* that has visited Indiana since
1877. The path of destruction extend
ed for about fifteen miles and varied in
width from three to six miles. Factories
were wrecked and houses were blown
frcm their foundations; windows and
dcors were crushed by the force of the
wind; thousands of acres of growing
crops were destroyed and barns were de
molished. Cattle were killed and injured,
machinery was wrecked, trees by the
hundred were laid low and telegraph and
telephone poles were snapped off.
, Great as the damage was and intense as
-was. the fury of the storm, it is remarka
ble that only two persons were killed—
James Van Hoy, a young man of 22 years,
crushed in a falling barn at Pendleton,
and James Bailey, a farmer, caught in
washed away two stores, a warehouse
and the postofHce.
LANCASTER, Ky., June 2G.— A tornado
last night wrecked a dozen farms near
here, including the $20,000 residence of Mm.
Joseph Daniels. Five persons were in- -
jured, one fatally. '
Tornado and Cloudburst Combine to Destroy Property Valued
at Millions of Dollars, Leaving Homes Wrecked, Fields Dev
astated and Causing the Deaths of a Number of Persons
DESOLATION MARKS THE TRACK
OF STORM IN EASTERN STATES
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS
WHO ARE PROMINENT IN
SANTA CRUZ CONVENTION.
This afternoon a missionary conference
was conducted at the Congregational
Church by Miss Esther Smith, the State
superintendent of missions. A number of
returned missionaries and missionary su
perintendents were present One of the
most pleasant features of the convention
was the meeting of the Veteran Associa
tion. Only those who have been Endea
i vorers for ten years or more or who have
held office in the State, county or city
unions can be members. Two hundred
¦were present and over 120 signed the mem
bership rolL TV. G. Alexander of San
Jose presided and the following were the
adresses: "The Veteran Association,
What It Is and Its Work," Miss Jessie
Flook of Santa Ana: "Advanced Christian
Endeavor Work," Giles Kellogg of San
Diego; "The Strenuous Christian Life,"
Miss Anna Fraser of Santa Monica;
"What We May Do for the State Chris
tian Endeavor," Leonard Merrill of Los
Angeles; "Reminiscences," Herbert G.
"Wylie of Los Angeles.
The officers of the Veteran Association
elected were: President, W. G. Alexander,
£IISSIO:N"AB.IES MEET.
A letter was received from the Rev. Fran
cis E. Clark, president of the worldwide
Christian Endeavor movement. It was
from Venice. -Jtaly. -In part he wrote:
"In the Quiet Hour and Tenth Legion
California leads all other States. I have
lately been to Sweden, Norway, Finland,
Russia, Bohemia. Hungary, Bulgaria and
Macedonia, as well as to Italy, where
there are societies and a large prpspect of
growth in the Immediate future."
Miss Florence Montgomery of the Young
Women's Christian Association at the
Bt«X« University, Berkeley, who attended
the student volunteer convention at
Toronto, told of that great gathering of
college students who have volunteered
their lives for the foreign fields. She was
followed by the Rev. James C. Perkins,
for many years a missionary of the Amer
ican Board la India. He contrasted Hin-
Culsm and Christianity in that country.
The last speaker this morning was Miss
Esther R. Smith, who told of the Chris
tian Endeavor debt. W. G. Alexander of
Ban Jose then announced the committees
appointed by the State president as fol
lows:
Business — "W. G. Alexander, San Jose; Leon
V Shaw, Los Anffeles; J. H. Janeon. Banta
Cruz; Leonard Hill. San Luis Oblapo; H. S.
Blaclrwell. San Francisco. -; •
Auditing — Paul R. Brown, Los Angeles;
Theo. IV. Wrlsht, San Jose; Mrs. Edwards,
San Francisco.
Resolutions — Herbert G. tVylie. Los Anpe
lea- Anna G. Fraser. Santa Monica; the Rev.
J. J. Evans, Red Bluff; illss Kdlth Spragrue.
North Berkeley; Mrs. A- A. Andrew. Bakers-
Place of next convention — Francis "W. Reid,
Paso P.obles; tie Rev. R. Rathbone, Grldley;
Miss Helen Marcus. Watsonville; Fred Mc
ilirm. Santa Rosa; Mrs. H. H. Morrow. Los
Anreles. ¦' <>¦
Xomlnatlnc — Leonard Merrill. Los Angeles;
A. B. McPherson, San Francisco; Robert Haw
ley. Berkeley; H. Ray Fry. San Jose; John A.
Clark. Stockton; C. H. Short. Penryn; Fletcher
Hopkins, San Dlesro.
WOBE OP STUDENTS.
The remainder of the morning was de
voted to missions. Miss R, Esther Smith,
the State superintendent, presided. She
reported that a year ago when Bhe took
the Buperintendency there were only six
county superintendents. She has been
able to organize seventeen counties with
a county superintendent in each. She
Bent out cards and received 149 responses
from the societies. These societies gave
during the last year to foreign missions
52498 S6 and to home missions $2836 9L
Other societies gave 5225, making a total
of 55659 77 to missions. The number of
young people who give 2 cents a week
each to missions Is 705; the number of mis
sionary reading circles. 18; the number of
societies that have substitutes in foreign
fields, 6. The societies support work in
India, Siam, China, Egypt, the Philip
pines, Burmah, Korea, Alaska and Persia.
The Chinese Presbyterian Society in San
Francisco gave last year $200 to support a
native preacher in China.
The Christian Endeavorers have always
been active In their Interest for the spirit
ual welfare of Bailors. It was on this
theme that Miss Emma Llvermore, the
superintendent, was to have spoken, but
In her absence the address was made by
the Rev. Mr. Moore of Santa Barbara.
He told of the work done by the Endeav
orers of the seaport towns. Miss Anna
Fraser. the Tenth Legion superintendent
from Santa Monica, gave a stirring ad
dress on the duty of Endeavorers in the
matter of devoting one-tenth, of their In
come to Christian work.
SAXTA CRUZ, June 26.— The Chris
tian Endeavorers, In session here,
have a marvelous capacity for
work and they demonstrated it in
no email degree to-day. At S
o'clock this morning they gathered at the
Congregational Church, where the Rev.
W. H. Seudder. pastor of the Park Con
gregational Church at Berkeley, conduct
ed an hour of prayer, praise, song, medi
tation and a Bible study.
Mills to Close July 5.
The members of the San Francisco Plan
ing Mill Owners' Association have decided
to dose their plants on Saturday, July 6.
SACRAMENTO, June 26.— In/ order to
give the people, a, day 'of, rest after their
Fourth of July hilarity , ; the Governor to
night issued a •- proclamation declaring
July 5 a legal holiday. It is claimed the
proclamation- was issued- at the request
of : many citizens throughout* the State.
Declares July 5' a Holiday.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 26.— The
steamer Dolphin arrived this- morning
from Skagway, bringing down from Daw
son $1,000,000, most of which was taken on
to Seattle.
A systematic search is being made for
new placer fields in tbe Yukon Territory.
Operations have been commenced on the
Hootalinqua River, and if unsuccessful
there, the search will continue on down
the Yukon River below Five Fingers and
prospect the streams flowing north from
that ?oinL .
North With a Cargo of
Treasure.
Steamer Dolphin Comes From the
DAWSON SENDS DOWN
ONE MILLION IN GOLD
WORK OF REBUILDING
MERCUR IS COMMENCED
Fifty Business Houses and One Hun
dred and Twenty Dwellings
Are Totally Destroyed.
MERCUR, Utah, June 26.— The work of
rebuilding the section of this town de
stroyed by yesterday's great fire was be
gun early to-day. It is the opinion of
the most prominent citizens that the
town will be rebuilt better • and with
more adequate protection against fire. • •
Provisions' enough to last for several
days arrived last night and to-day and
those made homeless have been provided
for.
None of the mining property was dam
aged and the mining industry will pro
ceed without interruption."
A careful estimate made td-day places
the total loss at $300,000, with Insurance
of $85,000.
Fifty business houses and one hundred
and twenty dwellings were destroyed.
Fourth of July," said Colonel Thomas
O'Neil. commanding the First Regiment,
last' night. "All I know is that I have not
yet received orders to parade. General
Warfleld is at the camp of the Fifth In
fantry at Ukiah, and Colonel Fred Bur
gin, adjutant of the 'Second Brigade, told
me that he was going to meet the general
and will return, when orders will be is
sued for either parade or no parade. I
am awaiting orders and if I am ordered
out my. regiment will.' go. To-day a com
mittee of three, with Mose Davis as
spokesman, called on me and wanted, to
know if the regiment: would turn out a
union band, ; and. I told him that I could
not give him any- answer as I had not re
ceived orders , to • parade.'.'
VICTORIA; B. C, June 26.— Colonel G.
H.. Hays, formerly of Portland, and man
ager of the Nahlnlnt; mines at Alberni,
was arrested this morning on a warrant
sworn out by Captain John Irving of this
city,, charging him with obtaining $1000
r.nder false pretenses. He was released
on $2500 ball. This afternoon a second war
rant was issued by Captain Irving, charg
ing Hays with obtaining $24,000 under false
pretenses. •,. •
The allegation is that ColonelHays ob
tained the money from Captain Irving to
purchase shares in "the Nahinint mine,
held by certain Portland capitalists for
Captain Irving, and that he converted the
money to his own use.
priation of Money.
rested for Alleged Misappro-
Former Portland Resident Is Ar-
MANAGER OF MINES
ACCUSED OF FRAUD
Yosemite Via the • Santa Fe.
'. '-The 'quickest : ; and/most convenient '.way In
and * out of the • YoEemlte "Valley ; is , by way ;of
the Santa , Fe." If you leave : San Francisco to-'
day. at 0 a. rn.:.on,th« California 'Limited; you
are In- Yoaemlte to-morrow •¦sit -6 p.' -m.' • -
> Call ' at - Santa :. Fe r< ticket office. _ 641 Market
street, ". for ' illustrated pamphlet and' full par-,
tlculan. ' •
The major said he felt it was time for
patriotic men to withdraw when ¦. trades
unionism stepped In and attempted to in
terfere with the celebration of the great
national holiday and practically dictate
what shall or shall not be done. - . ¦-"¦¦}
The major further stated that the mili
tia will parade by themselves . on the
Fourth and will take no' part , In the,
plans of the local committee,' as a result
of the refusal to pay non-union men in
the regimental bands. The law provides
that the Guard shall parade on' the
Fourth and on Decoration Day,- but it
does not - prescribe when and where tho
parade shall take place., . : . ; ."'
"I do not know If the National Guard'
will parade in this city or: not on • the
Major W. A. Desborough said that he
had resigned the ' chairmanship : of the
Fourth of July parade committee because
of the way the National Guard. was being
treated. .
J. A. Vaughan, assistant secretary of
; the Fourth of July committee; stated that
matters were very much in the same con
dition as they were yesterday, except that
he had received a report from the Musi
clans' Union of the resolutions passed at
tbeir afternoon session and that he had
sent out a special call for the parade,
finance and music committees to meet at
3 o'clock to-day at the California Hotel,
an hour in advance of the regular meet
ing, to see whether something could not
be done to harmonize matters. - '
Davis was asked if there would be any
objection to the bandsmen of the Guard
being paid for their services out of the
funds appropriated by the city for the
celebration, but he declined to give an
answer, and said that the matter of pay
ing the bandsmen was for the committee
in charge to decide.
Sam Davis, secretary of the union, said
that while the union was breaking one of
its rules In walking in line with non
union men/ he deemed the members too
patriotic to interfere in any way with the
success of the Fourth of July parade.
Mr. Davis further said that the Fourth
was the day that the" union musicians
looked forward to fo reap a little benefit,
and he did not see why, If the militia mu
sicians were so patriotically inclined; they
should not be willing to get out and play
for nothing.
After some discussion the directors
adopted a resolution that there would be
no objection to the enlisted musicians be
ing in line of the parade, provided, how
ever, that the bands paraded ahead of
their regiments.
The board of directors of the Musicians'
Protective Union held a meeting yester
day to consider the question of allowing
members of the organization to parade
oifl the Fourth of July with non-union
bandsmen of the National Guard.
Union Musicians Consent
to Parade With En
listed Men.
The first ' elopement occurred three
weeks ago, the couple being pursued by
Cameron and the Sheriff, and were cap
tured at Magdalena, Sonora. The girl
was taken back to the ranch and on the
second night of her return eloped with
another vaquero, who guided her to the
place where her first lover was .awaiting
her. Tbe girl is beautiful, possesses a
large number of cattle In her own name
and was educated In the schools of the
East. Colen Cameron, her father, with
ex-Senator Don Cameron of Pennsylvania
and Senator Quay of Pennsylvania, owns
the famous San Rafael ranch of 100,000
acres in Santa Cruz County, Arizona.
TUCSON, Ariz., June 26.— Jean Cam
eron, the seventeen-year;old daughter of
Colen Cameron, a rich land grant and
cattle owner of Santa Cruz County, Ari
zona, who twice eloped from her father's
ranch with a young Mexican vaquero
working on the ranch, and who has been
pursued by her father and an armed
posse through Sonora, was overtaken yes
terday by her father in Hermosillo./So
nora. The girl refused to leave her Mex
ican companion, but was forced to do so
by her father.
WANT PATRIOTS
TO PLAY GRATIS
Father and a Posse Make
Jean Cameron a
' Prisoner.
When -Middleton came into' court 7 with
Constable Eldredge he was pale and for
the first time showed nervousness. Mid
dleton's father, mother and other rela
tives were present and Cassie Clawson,
at whose home the shooting occurred,
was a conspicuous .attendant. As Middle
ton prepared to leave the room he threw
his arms about Cassie Clawson and kissed
her. * J: '¦'¦¦.'¦¦:''.. ¦*'¦:'. ¦. ¦ : '•:*«'.- .
REDDING, June 26.— William Middleton
wlllnot be tried for the murder of John
H. Yeakey. He was discharged from cus
tody this morning by Justice W. E. Her
zinger, who had the matter of binding
him over for trial under consideration for
twenty-four hours. .
in Quarrel Over a Girl
Exonerated. .
Young Man Who Fired Fatal Shots
JOHN YEAKEY'S SLAYER
IS GIVEN HIS FREEDOM
. NEW YORK, June 26.— Owner of two
yachts and member of the New York
Athletic Club, Edward S. Dfx is locked
up in the Tombs, having been indicted on
the charge of stealing $500 from Julian
G. Buckley, president of an advertising
agency and owner of considerable real
estate. Buckley alleges that a large sum
is missing from his rent roll. The al
leged shortage was discovered in the
course of a damage - suit by Buckley
against one of the Rapid Transit con
tractors for encroachment. The court
demanded figures showing the income
from the building alleged to Jiave been
damaged. Dlx, who, Buckley alleges,
had entire control of the property, was on
a yachting trip. The books were exam
ined and alleged discrepancies were dis
covered which 'led to the arrest of Dlx.
in the Accounts of Edward
""'S. Dix. ¦*¦''" '.¦¦¦¦
Shortage Is Said to Have Been Found
NEW YORK YACHTSMAN
IS ACCUSED OF THEFT
RUNAWAY BELLE
CAPTIVE AGAIN
At 4:30 o'clock at the Christian Church
the San Diego delegation held a reception
and asked for the convention of 1903. Miss
Belle Sumner Angier, who was sent here
by the Chamber of Commerce, presided,
and President Crowhurst of the count,y
union. Giles Kellogg: of the city union, and
the Rev. Mr. Hoick of the Lutheran
Church made addresses.
The devotional services at the Armory
this evening: were conducted by Miss Jes
sie Minor of Arcata. The addresses were
by the Rev. Levi Gregory of the JTriendt.'
Church of San Jose, on "Secret Service,"'
and by the Rev. W. D. Moore, D. D.. of
Santa Barbara, on "The Present' Need for
Loyal Endeavorers." The chorus of 100
voices sang Mozart's "Gloria in Excelsis."
The closing prayer service was by the
Rev. E. B. Hayes of Placervllle.
San Jose: first vice president, Giles Kel
logg', San Diego; second vice president.
Miss Belle Angler, San Diego; third vice
president, L. T. Hatfield, Sacramento;
secretary, the Rev. Francis Reid, Paso
Robles; treasurer, Leonard Hill, San Luis
Obispo. j:
WASHINGTON, June 26.— The record of
the court martial proceedings in the case
of Major L-. W. T. Waller of the marine
corps, who was acquitted of the charge of
illegally killing Filipino prisoners, was re
ceived at the War. Department to-day. It
will be considered by Secretary Root In
connection with the review of the testi
mony and findings of the court martial
in the case of Brigadier General' J. H.
Smith. The charges upon which both the
officers named were tried arose out of the
same transactions in the .conduct of the
Samar campaign. The Waller case was
closed witn the approval of the action of
the court martial which acquitted him,
but the Smith case is still subject to the
action of the President. Judge Advocate
General Davis Is now preparing the casa
for his action. It is generally under
stood that the court found that the
charges against General Smith were not
sustained and acquitted him. Owing to
the prominence ' of the case and the at
tention it has received in Congress in the
debates on the Philippine bill, the action
of the President in the matter is awaited
with more .than ordinary interest. The
impression prevails that he will improve
the opportunity to express his views on
the conduct of military affairs In the Phil
ippines. ¦ . ¦
ings in the Waller Case Reaches
Washington.
Record of the Court Martial Proceed-
SECRETARY ROOT WILL
REVIEW THE FINDINGS
Yocum went to the grave of his wife,
who died about a year ago, and spreading
a newspaper on the ground, knelt.upon it
and remained'' several minutes, apparently
In prayer. Rising to his feet, he drew a
revolver, and placing the muzzle to his
etfr, fired, faling dead across his' wife's
grave.
Among his -effects was found a note in
which he declared that recent sorrows
and bereavement had crushed him utterly
and that he was not capable of continu
ing the struggle. He feared insanity and
an asylum. •
Yocum was 70 yeass of age and attained
the rank of captain in .the Civil War.
L»ater he studied law and was admitted to
the bar. For many years he was a special
agent "of the Treasury Department at
Omaha, Nebr. He came to Pasadena six
years ago and began the practice of law
with the late William E. Arthur. He lost
the savings of a lifetime in an untortu
nate land investment within the last year.
PASADENA, \Tune 26.— Captain A. D.
Yocum. prominent in G. A. R. circles and
at the Los Angeles County bar,- com
mitted suicide in a dramatic manner this
morning in the Mountain View Cemetery.
He was seen to enter the place and his
peculiar actions attracted the attention of
J. R. Giddlngs, superintendent, of the
cemetery, who watched him. , r »5-.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Destruction.
Fear of .Insanity Impels Prom
inent Man to Self- , ¦
Pasadena Lawyer Com
mits Suicide in a
Cemetery.
TAKES HIS LIFE
AT WIFE'S GRAVE
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTOTE 27, 1902.
Members of the California Organization " Hold Numerous Sessions
at the Seaside City and Hear Reports of Advancement
During Past Year in Missionary and Other Branches of Work
ENDEAVORERS AT SANTA CRUZ
DISCUSS THEIR SPIRITUAL WORK
3
TJOAIT'S XED1TEY PIXLS.
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-MIlburn Co.; Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the name— Doan's— and
take no substitute.
Erery Claim I« Backed by Local
Testimony.
If the reafier wants stronger proof than
tho following statement and experience
of a citizen here at bome, what can It be?
Charles E. Schwartz, paper hanger,
decorator, painter and "whltener, residence
1731 Eddy 6treet, shop 310 O'Farrell street,
tays: "For at least twenty years I have
been subject to kidney complaint but for
the last twelve the attacks were much
more pronounced and of much longer du-
ration. When a man has been laid up
eeveral times so that he could not leave
the house, when he used everything on
the market which came to his notice from
reading newspapers or which he was ad-
vieed to use by his friends, when he has
Invested In the most expensive electric
belt procurable, when he has worn flannel
bandages over the kidneys for months,
when some of the attacks were so severe
that he fell on the street and had to be
taken home, when the pain was so great
that It .actually caused nervous chills,
when the secretions from the kidneys
were dark brown, scalded and robbed him
of many a night's sleep from their fre-
quency, when that man has become so
weak that the least exertion wearies him
and causes his back to ache more severe-
ly he naturally becomes enthusiastic
about the means he employs to get relief.
I used Doan's Kidney Pills,- getting them
at the No Percentage and the Owl drug
etores. If the first box had not given
undoubted Improvement I never would
have spent the price of a second, because
I had lost faith in medicine to a certain
extent. You are at liberty to tell resi-
dents of San Francisco that I am more
than pleased to recommend Doan's Kid-
ney Pills and that I will repeat In a per-
eonal interview what I have stated
above."
IN SAN FRANCISCO
on Application
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price List3 Mallei
DIRECTORY
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRPX.
Jr VL'n CrtV Jf> Til Ba «ery Street.
• L- V ILjUII ff V»l-. Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TIC PflVPC * TO Shipping Butchers, 10*
JAb- Lt'lti CC C'J Clay. Tel. Main 129*.
OILS. - % ,-
LUBRICATING OILS* LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front »t-. B. F. Phone Main 1710.
. v PRINTING.
E- & HUGHES* til Sansome rt.. S. V.
STREHL— In this city. June 27. 1002, ' Mary.
. beloved .wife of Charles Strehl, . a native. of
Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 68 years 7
months and 11 days.
DEED.
Referring to our $9 suits, acustomej who bought one and then took a trip
to the, country, writes as follows:
Messrs. S. N. Wood & Co.: San Francisco. June 2i' 1902.
GENTLEMEN — I bought a moderately priced ready-made suit of clothes from you a few days ago and
after I had bought it gave you a similar suit of clothes which I had purchased from you last August to put in
good condition for me once more. The old suit was mended and cleaned so nicely, and without additional ex-
pense to me, that I feel impelled to write you this letter to express my appreciation. \ I believe few people care
to express their appreciation when they are treated nicely, but a good many are apt to'be heard from if things go
Sincerely wishing the firm good luck, I am, yours very truly, iT!^; B G r-r- »
This is a purely unsolicited letter and we publish it, as it hits the keynote of
our way, of doing business. We try first to please the customer with the dotnes
themselves and also the price; then as long as he is wearing our c'othing we allow
him the privilege of any necessary' repairing free. This feature of our business
alone warrants your trading here. But we have other inducements. Our clothing
isTnade by us in our own workshops and is sold direct to the customer at but one
fair profit. Every garment bears the union label, which is a guarantee of cleanliness
as well as good workmanship.
fi>- We would like f to have you make a trial purchase if you hive never bought
here. You. run no risk — you can hive your money back if you are in the least
disappointed.
Try one of the $9 suits; they come in blue serges and light patterned tweeds
Men's striped trousers, worth every cent of $2. Co, on sale for $I«95«
: '''^£9ik Sailor Safe Ends Saturday
\ w^f^^" % '^w ie sa^ or sa^ e at $ 2 -°° w iM em l to-morrow night. If your
\^^ 'J*W$r: boy needs a suit and you appreciate saving considerable when*
W/^£«&A^ ** purchasing, we suggest that you come in at once ; . remember the
sale is much more lively toward the end. and you run risk of dis-
¦^^^^^O!^B appointment by waiting.
l[ Mm The. suits are stylish sailors in ages from 3 to 12 years;
v^^^PffiS A11 SOrtS ° f outin & t0 £ 5 for vs at al1 P rices -
)*>i^\\| I ISn^lW-- Imported Mexican hats for children, boys and ladies, 15c,
'\ Imvy li \!I» Baseball and bat or. explosion cane free with e/ery boy's suit.
; ! S# \BJl/i _ To mothers free: — Set of six beautiful pastels.TO SAIL.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at . Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent:
NOTE — The high and low : waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flv* minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tido is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Nautical Expert, in charge.
Branch Hydrographle Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco Cal.,
June 26, 1002.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building waa dropped exactly at Boon to-day,
1. e.. at coon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 28— Stmr La Sa
voie, for Havre; Ktmr Fuerst Bismarck, for
Hamburg; stmr Frlederieh der Grosas, for
Bremen.
, LIZARD— Passed June 26 — Stmr La Tou
ralne. from: New York, for Havre.
GENOA — Arrived June 26— 8tmr Lahn, from
New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 26— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 25— Stmr Noord
land, from Philadelphia.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
• VICTORIA— Arrived June 25— Danish bark
CImbria, from Acapulco. '. •>-
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 23— Br ship
Plnmore, for Havre.
SWANSEA— Sailed June 24— Br ship Afon
Alaw. for San Francisco.
COLON— Sailed June 24— Stmr Advance, for
New York. * • . ;
Arrived June 24— Stmr Alllanca, from New
York. • ...
- BREMEN — Arrived June 25 — Fr bark Fran
cols Coopee, from Astoria.
VALPARAISO-^Salled May 26 — Br stmr Co
lombia, for San Francisco, via Panama.
ISLE OP. WIGHT— Passed June 25— Br ship
Clan Macpherson, hence Feb 2S, for Antwerp.
NEWCASTLE, Au«— Arrived June 26— Ship
John Currier, from Cape Town (30 days).
HAMBURG — Arrived June 26 — Ger stmr
Luxor, hence Feb 27. '
MANILA — Arrived June • 25 — Bktn Koko
Head, from Eureka. * ..
MAZATLAN— Sailed June 24— Stmr San
Jcse. for San Francisco. .
VANCOUVER— Arrived June 26— Br stmr
Klrkdale, hence June 21.
Sailed June 20 — Nor bark Antigua, for Fre
mantle.
BALTIMORE— Arrived June 25— Ship S P
Hitchcock, from New York.
EASTERN PORT.
W F Jewett, for Tacoma; stmr Santa Bar
bara: barse Santa -Paula. In tow tUK Monarch,
for San Francisco. ¦
ASTORIA— Sailed June 26— Br stmr Oceano,
for South Africa: stmr Sequoia, for San Pedro.
Arrived Jne 2U— Schr John A, hence Jne 26.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 26— Schr Sadie, for
Umpqua; stmr Despatch, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived June 26— Schr Lottie
Carton, from Newport: bktn Katie FUcklnger,
hence June 17: stmr Alliance, from Portland,
via Astoria and Coos Bay. • • ¦
Sailed June 20— Stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro; stmr North- Fork, for San Francisco;
stmr Arctic, for San Francisco. •
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 24— Schr
Wawona, from San Diego: schr Chas R Wil
son, hence -June 9; schr Halcyon, hence June
12. June 25— Schr Jennie Stella, hence June 5.
NEHALEM RIVER— Arrived \June 22— Schr
Monterey, I hence June 10.
a EAST SAN PEDRO — Sailed June 26 — Barge
Santa Paula, for San Francisco, in tow of tug
Monarch. ;¦-»
FRIDAY, JUNE 27.
Sun rises ;.. 4:49
Sun sets ..7:SS
Moon rises ......'....11:22 p. m.
FROM SEATTLE.
CLEARED.
V.Vi- Thursday, June 20.
Strar Corona. Gielow. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr -Pomona,- Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. • - - - .
Thursday, June 28.
Stmr Wc»tport, Smith, 33 hours from Cres
cent City.
Btmr Point Arena. Hansen, 12 hours from
Point Arena. •
Stmr Queen, Hall, 56 hours from Victoria,
etc.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlin, 71 hours from Til
lamook; bound to Redondo; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr Eureka, Jeesen, 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 44 hours from
Ean Dlesro and way sorts.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 80 hours from Monte
rey. . - .
Schr Allen A, Iversen, IS days from. Maka
weli.
Schr John F Miller. Hansen, 11 days from
Tacoma.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The steamer City of Puebla 6ailed on Wednes
day for Victoria with an assorted cargo des
tined for the principal British Columbian
ports, valued at fl4.1S0. The cargo included
the following produce and merchandise: 3054
rkgs fresh fruit. 2S pkgs fresh vegetables, 274
pkgs potatoes. 122 pkgs onions. 2950 lbs rais
ins £500 lbs dried fruit, 41,185 lbs malt, 20,000
lbs soda, 1344 lbs chocolate, S00 lbs hops. 1021
lbs cheese, 200 lbs beeswax. 604 lbs butter, 182
lbs coffee, 469 lbs bread. 50 cs table meal, 18
bbls balur.fr powder, 301 pkgs paste, 15 cs can
ned fruit. 12 pkgs groceries and provisions, 26
Merchandise for British. Columbia.
The bark Carrol lton has been substituted
tor the bark Sea King, previously reported to
load lumber for Melbourne at 40s.
The barkentines S. G. 'Wilder and W. H.
Dlmond return to Honolulu with general cargo.
The schooner O. W. Watson will load gen
«ral cargo for Honolpu.
NEWS OF THE OOEAU".
Captain Bendegard. formerly of the steam
Schooner Signal, has taken command of the
steamship Mandalay, temporarily relieving
Captain Batchelder. Captain Batchelder re
cently fell from a coal bunker and sustained
Injuries which will necessitate his remaining
ashore for 6ome time. The crew of the Man
dalay walked ashore yesterday, refusing to
work unless more liberal arrangements were
Bia.de for paying them for overtime.
Takes the STandalay.
Captain Woodsiie, who was in command of
th» fhin May Flint when ehe went down in
Mission Bay, has been mad* captain of the
•chooner Alumna. This is Captain WoodBide's
first command elnce the May Flint disaster.
Command for May Flint's Skipper.
The latest addition to the rapidly growing
Sleet of wooden sailing vessels owned on this
coast is the barkentine J. C. Meyer, which has
Just been launched at Tacoma. Ehe was built
for Sudden & Christenson and will be used
Jn th« lumber trade. The four-masted schooner
Marconi, ¦which was launched June 10 at Coos
Bay, was built for the Simpson Lumber Com
pany. She will be commanded by Captain
"Bob" Lawson.
Mew Vessels for Coast.
superintendent cf the army transport service,
has rone to England on a visit to relatives.
Barnesoa was the victim of a serious accident
m. few days ago and started on his journey
with two very badly sprained hands. He was
riding a. spirited horse. The animal put a
'foot in a hole In the ground, fell and precipi
tated the mariner over bis bead. Barneson fell
en bis hands asd in addition to a shaking up
sprained both hands and wrists.
Captain John B&rneson. formerly marine
Thrown From. Horse.
The steamer National City, which left here
e. few days s*o for Fort Bragg with the barken
tine Willie R. Hume In tow, arrived at her
destination yesterday without her tow. She
parted comp&ny with the Hume at 3 o'clock on
Thursday afternoon off Point Reyes, a heavy
norther r"^"f a separation necessary. The
Sud« is expected to make Fort Bragg in about
ten ¦Cays.
Arrives "Without Her Tow.
Uncle Sam has owned a fleet of
ormy eteamships. She carried a fairly
big cargo, consisting of military stores
end Buppllea, but no passengers. 1 . There
Y.-ae no good-by delegation on the dock
end the big trooper's whistle of warn
ing as she moved Into the stream was
the »olo demonstration. The Warren goes
to Seattle, where 450 soldiers and Govern
ment employes are awaiting transporta
tion to St. MichaeL The Warren will
carry them to the Alaska port and from
tbero bring home the j men chat have
completed their - service - In the. froren.
north. TWa will be tha Warren's last
voyage as a trooper. Upon the return to
Seattle from St. Michael she will be, con
verted into a freighter and will be used
between Puget Sound and San Francis
co to carry military supplies.
THE army transport "Warren, Cap
tain Barneaon, sailed yesterday
afternoon for Seattle "and It was
the quietest transport sailing since
NBAH BAY — Passed In May 26 — Br bark'
Antlope; hence June 6, for Ladysmith; bktn J
M Griffith, hence June 5, for Port Hadlock; Br
ship Thlstlebank, from Santa . Rosalia; ship
8 D Carleton, hence June 3, for Tacoma.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 20 — Stmr Marsh
fleld, .from Eureka; Btmr Santa Barbara, from
Redondd. -,. . .
. Balled -June 26— Schr Anita, for Columbia
River; schr Meteor, for Port Townsend; pchr
PORT LOS ANGELES-^Salled June 25—
Stmr Noyo, for San Francisco; stmr Ruth, for
San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived June 26—
Stmr Scotia, hence June 24.
, WHATCOM— Sailed June 24 — Br ship Sena
tor, for Alsoa Bay.
Arrived June 20 — Schr Albert Meyer, from
San Pedro.
TACOMA — Arrived June 26 — Schr J M Col
man, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 26 — Stmr Dirlco,
from Skagway; stmr Homer, from Astoria.
Sailed June 20 — Stmr Edith, for San Fran
cisco. June 25 — Stmr Nome City, for Nome.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 28— Stmr Na
tional City, hence June 24.
¦ SOUTH BEND— Arrived June 26— Bktn
Araco, hence June 5. •
Arrived. June 26 — Schr Volunteer, from San
Pedro. ; ' ;
. UMPQUA— Sailed June 25— Schr Loulae, for
San Pedro. \
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived June 26 Bchr
Salvator, from i San Pedro.
Arrived June 26 — Schr Wempe Bros, from
Redondo; bark Vllette, from San Pedro, for
Tacoma.
Arrived June 28 — Br schr Alexander,' from
Guayaquil; schr- Gamble, from Naknek; 6Chr
Maria E Smith, hence June 7, for Port Gam
ble.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed June' 28— St
Rainier, for San Francisco. '
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed inward Ji
26— Stmr Cottage City, from Skagway; b;
Alex McNelll, hence June 15.
STEAMER AND HER TOW THAT
PARTED COMPANY OFF POINT
REYES DURING A NORTHER.
NOTE — In the abovo exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there 'are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. ¦» The heights given are' in 1
DOMESTIC PORTS.
•COOS BAT— Sailed June 20 — Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco. . . . 4" ¦
POINT LOBOS, June 20, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 40 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
April 24, lat 46 S, Ion 67 W, Br ship Clav
erdon, from Hamburg, -for San Francisco.-
SPOKEN.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Xav Co.
Stmr TamDloo,* Reed. : Seattle: Glob'e Navi
cation Co.
SAILED. a
. J ... Thursday, June 20.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Stmr W H Kru*er. Ahlin. Redondo.
Stmr Phoenix, Ordland, Mendocino.
/ Stmr Gualala, Webf r, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Tamplco, . Reed, Seattle.
U S stmr Warren, Barneson. Seattle.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Nanalmo.
Bchr Mary C, Campbell, Point Reyes and
Bodega.
Schr Corinthian, Olsen, Coquille River.
' Bchr Wm Olsen, Roovlclc, Port Townsend.
Low Excursion Rates — 11 Days' Trip.
$40 first class, including berth and meals,
San Francisco to Seattle, Tacoma, Van
couver, Victoria, Everett, New Whatcom
and return, allowing passengers ample
time to go ashore and visit the various
points of interest. For full Information
apply Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
ticket office, 4 New Montgomery street.
Captain Johnson, master of the steam
er Coquille River, filed with the United
States local inspectors yesterday his re
port of an accident which befell hl3 boat
on June 22. He reported that at half-past
5 o'clock on the morning of that day the
steamship ran into a hidden rock off Fort
Bragg and carried away one of the- blades
of the propeller.
Steamer Strikes a Bock.
Rate $72 40. account N. K. A. tickets sold
July 1 and 2. good to return until August 21.
Via Salt Lake and Denver if desired. Time of
the Overland Limited less than three days. Call
at General Office. 1 Montgomery it., S. F. *
LOW RATES VIA UNION PACIFIC U.
TO MINNEAPOLIS AND RETURN,
Customs Collector Stratton has request
ed the United States District Attorney to
bring suit against the Japanese Steam
ship Company for $1000 penalty for allow
ing IJr. Yung Wing to escape from tha
Hong Kong Maru last week. .
The doctor had resided in New Haven.
Conn., for forty years and was return-
Ing from a visit to China. He wore the
American style of clothing and Bpoke pure
English without a foreign accent. For
that reason the customs Inspector at the
gangplank did not suspect him of being
a Chinaman and allowed him to pass out
with the white passengers. He came in
the first cabin and was manifested under
his true name. He had taken out na
turalization papers, but these are value
leas.
Collector Holds It Responsible for tha
Landing of Dr. Yung "Wing,
STEAMSHIP COMPANY SUED
FOB A HEAVY PENALTY
As a matter of diplomatic courtesy the
Collector will hold tha Chinese seals un
til h« shall receive advices from Washing
ton. ¦
Dear sir: I am Informed that some lots of
stone Imperial Chinese seals and tablets are In
the possession of the customs office at this
port (some of which. I believe, are in the Ap
praiser's department of customs). As these
articles are undoubtedly official property of the
Chinese Government and that they are un n
lawfully in the possession of the persons who
brought them Into port, I beg to herewith put
In' my protest against delivering them up into
the hands of any persona whomsoever until
their absolute rights and status have been
proven. We will on behalf of our Government
put In our protest and application for their re
turn also with the department at "Washington.
D. C. Of course it will take us time to properly
produce our evidence as to the status of thsse
seals and tablets.
Ho Yow, the Imperial Chinese Consul.
General, has protested against surrender
ing to their owners the jade tablets and
seals found in the baggage of United
States military officers returning on Gov
ernment transports from China and tha
Philippines. He caused the following note
to be delivered to Customs Collector
Stratton yesterday:
Belong to Hi3 Government
and Are Loot.
Consul General Declares That They
HO YOW ASKS FOB THE
CHINESE JADE TABLETS
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precede* the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1902.
STEAHSHIP WARREN SAILS FOR ST. MICHAEL ON HER LAST TRIP AS A TROOPER
Movements of Steamers.
cs and 417 gals wine, 1 cs shoes, 8 bales leath
er, 8 bales hose, 100 slabs tin, 16 pkgs wagon
material, 4 steel beams,' 21 bars Iron, 1 pkg
machinery, 4 pcs Iron pipe, 11 pkgs paint.
TO ARRIVE.
4
Steamer. |
From.
I
Due.
Crescent City Crescent City June 27
H^MSV-".: '; * Humboldt June 2T
Q. Llndauer. . Ban Pedro .fc June 27
~ vaJ - Wlllapa Harbor Juno 27
Arequlpa.... Valparaiso & Way Ports June 27
rw^?«? NewTork June 27
Curacao Mexican Ports ......... June 27
J^i""* Portland & Way Ports. June 27
8. Monica San p edro June 27
a » p *k • San Pedro June 23
8. Barbara... San p edr0 June 28
CoronadO Grays Harbor June 28
Coos Bay.... San Pe( j ro & -^'ay Porte June 28
S^S'^lli*"" China & Japan June 28
£, orth r 0 , 1 *' * Humboldt June 23
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma June 28
W elllngton. . . Oj-ster Harbor . June 23
Aifo Ee i River Ports June 23
Rainier Whatcom ' June 29
O. Etollar. . . . Grays Harbor June 20
Pentaur Seattle June 2fl
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 29
Pomona Humboldt June 29
Btate of Cat., san Diego & Way Ports. June 30
Edith Seattle June 30
San Jose New York via Panama. June 30
Abydos Hamburg v. West Coast. June 30
Arcata ... Coos Bay & Port Orford July 1
Eureka Humboldt July 1
Umatilla Puget S«nd Ports July 1
Corona Newport & Way Ports.. July 2
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor July 2
Santa Rosa. . Ban Diego & Way Ports July 3
Point Arena. . Point Arena July 8
Chehalls Grays Harbor July 3
Arab Kanalmo July 8
a. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria July 4
Doric China & Japan July 6
Kewburg.... Ban Pedro July 6
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports July 6
Australia Tahiti ......July 7
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Jane 2T.
Acme Sluslaw River .... 3 pm Pier 2
Westport... Hear Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
O. Elder. .. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Jane SS.
S. Barbara. Astoria & Portland. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
H. llaru... China & Japan.... 1 pm PUSS
San Juan.. N - Y - vl * Panama. 12 • m PMSS
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
June 29.
Despatch . Seattle-Falrhaven -.12 m Pier 16
Santa Rosa' 8an Diesro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 10
June 30. . , •
Lakme..... Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 2
Arsro Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
*Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier lt>
Jnlj- 1.
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 11
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 2
Albion Rlv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier IS
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Arequlpa... Valparaiso & War.. 12 m Pier 10
July 3.
Arcata Cooa Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
O. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
J>ily 3.
Rainier.... Seattle St Whatccm 4 pm Pier 2
Stat«Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way.... 10 am Pier 7
Pentaur.... Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
July 5.
Coronado. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 18
July 6.
Newburgr. . . Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
July T.
Curacao. . . . Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier It
Steamer.
I
Destination.
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Seattle. . Skag-way & Way Ports. June 28
Bpokane Skagrway & Way Ports. June 23
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. June 2S
Senator...... Nomt July 1
Oregon Nome & Teller July 1
Cottage City. Skajway & Way Ports. July 2
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... July 3
Farallon Bkapway & Way Ports. July 6
CityTopeka.. Skapway & Way Ports. July 5
Ohio ;... Nome & St. Michael July 8
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pt«. July 8
a Time Time . Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
°_ H_VV __ L W . H;W LW
27 3:00 4.0 0:30 1.3 4:40 "ITo 10-53 Ts
28 4:22 8.7 10:22 1.8 8:17 6.111:51 20
29 6:55 3.6 11:16 2.2 6:00 6.2
LWHW LW HW
SO 0:51 1.3 7:21 3.6 12:12 2.4 6:46 6.4
1 1:49 0.4 8:45 3.8 1:10 2.7 7:34 G.O
2 2:42—0.2 0:47 4.0 2:06 ¦ 2.8 8:33 5.8
8 3:33— O.7|10:43 4.3 3:02 2.8 9:15 6.0
Steamer. |
From.
I
Due.
Crescent City Crescent City June 27
H^MSV-".: '; * Humboldt June 2T
Q. Llndauer. . Ban Pedro .fc June 27
~ vaJ - Wlllapa Harbor Juno 27
Arequlpa.... Valparaiso & Way Ports June 27
rw^?«? NewTork June 27
Curacao Mexican Ports ......... June 27
J^i""* Portland & Way Ports. June 27
8. Monica San p edro June 27
a » p *k • San Pedro June 23
8. Barbara... San p edr0 June 28
CoronadO Grays Harbor June 28
Coos Bay.... San Pe( j ro & -^'ay Porte June 28
S^S'^lli*"" China & Japan June 28
£, orth r 0 , 1 *' * Humboldt June 23
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma June 28
W elllngton. . . Oj-ster Harbor . June 23
Aifo Ee i River Ports June 23
Rainier Whatcom ' June 29
O. Etollar. . . . Grays Harbor June 20
Pentaur Seattle June 2fl
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 29
Pomona Humboldt June 29
Btate of Cat., san Diego & Way Ports. June 30
Edith Seattle June 30
San Jose New York via Panama. June 30
Abydos Hamburg v. West Coast. June 30
Arcata ... Coos Bay & Port Orford July 1
Eureka Humboldt July 1
Umatilla Puget S«nd Ports July 1
Corona Newport & Way Ports.. July 2
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor July 2
Santa Rosa. . Ban Diego & Way Ports July 3
Point Arena. . Point Arena July 8
Chehalls Grays Harbor July 3
Arab Kanalmo July 8
a. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria July 4
Doric China & Japan July 6
Kewburg.... Ban Pedro July 6
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports July 6
Australia Tahiti ......July 7
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Jane 2T.
Acme Sluslaw River .... 3 pm Pier 2
Westport... Hear Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
O. Elder. .. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Jane SS.
S. Barbara. Astoria & Portland. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
H. llaru... China & Japan.... 1 pm PUSS
San Juan.. N - Y - vl * Panama. 12 • m PMSS
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
June 29.
Despatch . Seattle-Falrhaven -.12 m Pier 16
Santa Rosa' 8an Diesro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 10
June 30. . , •
Lakme..... Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 2
Arsro Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
*Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier lt>
Jnlj- 1.
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 11
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 2
Albion Rlv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier IS
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Arequlpa... Valparaiso & War.. 12 m Pier 10
July 3.
Arcata Cooa Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
O. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
J>ily 3.
Rainier.... Seattle St Whatccm 4 pm Pier 2
Stat«Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way.... 10 am Pier 7
Pentaur.... Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
July 5.
Coronado. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 18
July 6.
Newburgr. . . Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
July T.
Curacao. . . . Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier It
Steamer.
I
Destination.
a Time Time . Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
°_ H_VV __ L W . H;W LW
27 3:00 4.0 0:30 1.3 4:40 "ITo 10-53 Ts
28 4:22 8.7 10:22 1.8 8:17 6.111:51 20
29 6:55 3.6 11:16 2.2 6:00 6.2
LWHW LW HW
SO 0:51 1.3 7:21 3.6 12:12 2.4 6:46 6.4
1 1:49 0.4 8:45 3.8 1:10 2.7 7:34 G.O
2 2:42—0.2 0:47 4.0 2:06 ¦ 2.8 8:33 5.8
8 3:33— O.7|10:43 4.3 3:02 2.8 9:15 6.0
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Seattle. . Skag-way & Way Ports. June 28
Bpokane Skagrway & Way Ports. June 23
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. June 2S
Senator...... Nomt July 1
Oregon Nome & Teller July 1
Cottage City. Skajway & Way Ports. July 2
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... July 3
Farallon Bkapway & Way Ports. July 6
CityTopeka.. Skapway & Way Ports. July 5
Ohio ;... Nome & St. Michael July 8
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pt«. July 8
To say that I am surprised at their action will convey but a slight idea
of the value I set upon Ripans Tabules. I derived immediate benefit and
to Ripans Tabules am deeply indebted for feeling as I do to=day. If the
people of this country knew^ the efficacy of Ripans Tabules for stomach
and head troubles they would be relieved from manv afflictions
At Druggists'. The Five-Gent packet is enough for an ordinary occasion.
Tiie mmily bottle, 6 Q cents, contains &. supply for a v©"£ir.Any lady calling at S. N. Wood & Co.'a,
718 Market street, will be presented with
a set of six beautiful pastel3. being faith
ful reproductions from water colors by
Artist Francis Day of New York. •
Trimble Is Given the Decision.
SACRAMENTO. June 26.— Jim Trimbl*
of Los Angeles to-night secured the de
cision at the end of a twenty round bout
with Dave Barry of San Francisco. The,,
fight was a hard one and the decision*
popular.
Hegerty Defeats Silly da Coursey.
PORTLAND, Ore.. June 26.— Tim Heg
arty of Australia knocked out Billy da
Coursey of California in the ninth round
to-night .at the Pastime Club. Tho flghc
was scheduled to go twenty rounds, but
the Australian was entirely too fast for
the Callfornian. knocking him down in
almost every round.
Neill and Gibbs Matched.
LOS ANGEtiES, June 26.— Manager Mc-
Carey..of • the Century Athletic; Club has
matched' Al Neill and Young. Gibbs for a
twenty-round "bout in this city July 1^.
For 50c a Pair.
Come to-morrow. Saturday, at 9 o'clock,
if you want good shoes cheap. Remember,
ladies' ? high or low ¦ shoes, black • or tan,
for 50c a: pair; all sizes; also children's
shoes' (good ones), same price. Busy Beo
Shoe Co., 1029 Market street, above Sixth.*
RANALD IS FIRST /
IN SPINDRIFT STAKES
Mile and a Furlong at
Sheepshead Bay.
Leads Out Cunard and Slipthrift at a
NEW YORK. June 26.— Sheepshead Bay re
sults: » . •
First race, six furlongs— Pretorious won Tha
Musketeer second, Sadducee third. (Time,
1:14 4-5. . '¦¦•:. .
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Al
fonso won, Boutonniere second ¦ Clarion third
Time, 1 :07 3-5. •
% Third racp, six furlongs, on turf the Pansy
stakes—Sergeant won. Squid second, Joe Cobb
third. Time, 1:16 4-5.
Fourth race, the Spindrift stakes three-year
olds, handicap, mile and a furlong— Ranald
won. . Cunard second, Slipthrift third. Time
1:54 1-5. . .
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— Moor won
Philippine second, Swamplands third. Time
1:51 4-5. ' -
Fifth race, mile and three sixteenths— Ar
gregor won, Tom Kenny second, < Blues third
Time. ' HO. IlXir^imUl'lll
BUTTE, Mont., June 26.— Summary:
First race, seven- furlopgs — Montana Peeress
won. Ned Dennis second, Tufts third. Time
l^'O-li. '
Second race, four and a^half furlongs— Naboc
won, Gladys Bell second. Tamm third. Time,
:&"%. ¦ . '
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Miss
Breeze won. Jenny Hughes second. Sir Claus
third. Time. 1:10%.
JOE GAITS IS FAVORITE
OVER GEORGE McFADDElT
Bettors Fail to See Where the Latter
Has a "Look In" Withthe
Lightweight Champion.
Joe Gans^ the lightweight champion
boxer, is an overwhelming favorite in the
betting on his fight to-night' with George
McFadden in Woodward's Pavilion. The
prevailing odds last night were 10 to 5\4-
His recent easy victory over • Frank
Erne shows he is the best in his class and
the wise division, cannot see where Mc-
F.?.dden has a chance. - ' •
Both men will find it almost an impos
sibility to make 133 pounds, the light
weight limit. Phil Wand will referee.
. Jimmy Britt, the *t>oxer, returned from
Harbin Springs. last night after ; a three
weeks' sojourn at Champion Jeftrioa'
training camp.
NEW ORLEANS, June 26.— The Gulf
States tennis championship match was
played to-day by R. G. Hunt of Alameda.
Cal., and A. W. Seguin of this city. Hunt
won: This makes him the permanent own
er of. the trophy, he having won It twice
in succession. ' ;
Hunt Is Tennis Champion.
Goodflow second, Swlftllght third. Time,
1:16.
CHICAGO, June 26. — Washington Park sum
mary: B
First race, one mile and fifty yards, selling —
Peat won, John McGurk second, Annie Thomp
son third. Time, 1 :47 2-5.
. Second race, four and a half furlongs — Dick
Wells won. . J. Sidney Walker second. Foxy
Kane third. Time, :55 1-5.
Third -race, the Englewood stakes, for three
year-old fillies, one mile — Wainamoinen won,
TJacrimea second. Hoodwink third. Time,
1:44 3-f». . '
Fourth race, handicap, one mile and a six
teenth — Prowl won. Barrack second. Frangible
third. Time. 1:60 4-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Federal won. Bronze
Wing second, Herodiade third. Time. 1:16.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards, selling —
Vincennes won; Boaster second, Barbara
Frietchle third. Time. 1:47.
American Yacht Wins.
KIEL, June 26.— The American yacht
Uncle Sam, owned by Francis R. Riggs,
won the first of the international special
class races here to-day, the stars and
stripes crossing the line eight minutes
ahead of all other flags. The Wande was
second and the Tilly third. Both these
yachts are owned by Germans. The CIs
II, owned by Cecil Quentin of England,
was fourth. The breeze to-day was light.
The Uncle Sam was handled by J. Hop
kins - Smith and George B. Reeves, third
secretary to the United States embassy
at Berlin.
' Fourth race. Miners' Union stake, $1000, one
mile — Wolhurst woi\ La ' Calma second, Kitty,
Kelly third. Time. 1 :43.
Fifth race, six' furlongs — MacFlecknoa won,
Watusa second. Chappie third. Time, l:16Vi.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Aurora B won,
Jerld second. Hurtle! third. Time, 1:0194.
ST. LOUIS, June 26. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, six : furlongs — Helen Print' won,
Okla second, • Herodes - third. Time, . 1:15%.
Second race.^flve and a half furlongs — Pathos
won, Christine A second, Helen Hay third.
Time, 1:09%.:
Third race, one mile,' selling — Larry Wilt
won Taby Tosa second. Little Arrow third.
Time, 1:43%.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, purse — ;
Joe Doughty won. Oudenard second, Brewer
Schorr third, lime, •1:49%. •
Fifth race, mile and three-sixteenths, selling
— Kunja won,' Gilbert second, Little Master
third. Time, 2:03%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — G&Uantrle won,
Sweet Dream second. Nearest third. Time,
l:29i£. ,. -
.BUFFALO. June 26.— Fort Erie results:
First race, seven fUrlongs — Mattle Spencef
won, Easy Street second, Duvall third; Time,
1:35%. '
Second race, five furlongs— Reservation won,
Dick Dashaway second, Dot Wisely third.
Time. l:06>4.
Third race, one mile — Bean won. Obstinate
Simon second, y Senator 'Be verldge third. Time,
1:47. ••'¦¦' ¦ • • r ¦'•
Fourth race, five furlongs — F. G. Goode won,
Her Letter second. Hallucination third. Time,
1:08. •
Fifth race, six furlongs — Nobleman won. Gold
Fox second, Fonela' third. Time. 1:19. .
. Sixth i race/ handicap. . steeplechase, short
course — The " Esmond won, Yasodhara second,
Hand Vice third. Time, 3:14.
DENVER, June 26.— Results at Overland
Park: . <
. First race, pacing — Agnes Le May won In
three straight, heats. Time. 2:13ii. 12:15%.'
2:15>A. Thornberp. Ed Bennett. Orval Wilkes.
and Jack L also started. :-'-,-'
Second - race, - trotting — Charlie Mac won in
three straight^ heats. Time, 2:15'4, 2:14,
2:20V*. Porto i Rico and Nancy King also
started. . ' : ¦
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Cerro
Santa won, Antonlus • second. Comet third.
Time, 1 :0S. ' .
Fourth race, one mile, hurdles — Fearful won,
Ilesralons second.- Havre B third. Time 1:53.
• Fifth race, seven, furlongs— Bulgarian ¦won,
Frank Pearce /second. Pilot third. Time,
l:23Vi. ¦(¦••/.-•
Sixth : race, six furlongs — Morven won, Dick
Clarkson second, Mr. Uobson third. Time,'
1:16. .
" Seventh race, six furlongs— Gold Baron won.
REDDING, June 26.— Because his "min
ing partner, D. G. Wheeler, accused him
of paying too much attention to -Mrs
Wheeler, D. F. Smith ' attacked Wheeler
with a club this morning at their claim
on Beegum Creek, in Shasta County,
about ten miles from Harrison Gulch.
Wheeler drew a revolver, fatally 'wound
ing Smith.
This is the story of Wheeler, who drove
to Harrison Gulch and gave himself up to
Constable Lowell Snively immediately
after the shooting. Wheeler had proposed
that if Smith would pay him for work
done on the claim he would leave wife,
mine and all other possessions to Smith.
This was the immediate cause of Smith's
anger. , .-'-. ;
The first two shots struck Smith in the
left shoulder. Smith ran for the cabin,
150 yards away, where there was a shot
gun he hoped to use. The now enraged
husband secured his rifle from a nearby
tree and fired eleven shots at the fleeing
and badly wounded man. One ball struck
Smith below the knee of the left leg, shat
tering the bone. Smith gained the cabin
however, and securing the gun, took a
seat near the door awaiting a further at
tack. -->;r^:
Without harming his wife, who had
been a silent witness of the shooting,
Wheeler hitched his horse to a cart, drove
to Harrison Gulch and surrendered. Dr.
R. H. Pitts left immediately to attend the
wounded man," but found him dead.
Wheeler has always borne a good reputa
tion m this county. He once lived in San
Francisco and in Oroville, working at the
carpenter's trade.
Harvard's oarsmen were •) all • literally
pumped out at the finish.
. In the freshman race the Yale eight got
Sensational Shooting Oc
curs at a Shasta
- Claim.
away at 34 strokes, Harvard at 36. The
Yale boys got the better of the start and
held it Harvard's time for the mile and
a half was 7:27 and Yale's 7:29. Harvard
was now almost a length ahead, the crim
sons' eight put their stroke up to 34. The
Yale boys held theirs at 30. The boats
zigzagged between the strokes for the
next minute until they were almost even.
Yale weakened a little, but soon she re
gained control of her boat and once more
the shells were practically even. ! The
Harvard boys put their stroke up to 36
and Yale raised hers to 32 in one of tho
grandest flghts ever seen on any river be
tween fre. • men crews. The flags at the
finish df • .: and no one could tell whioh
had dror-i, v lirst. The watches made it
a dead heat In 10:13, and a moment later
the judges announced the race a draw
The Yale freshmen rowed the two miles
In two seconds slower time than the Yahs
versity. -r ; _.-^
The four-oared race was easy for Har
vard from the start. The Harvard four
got the lead at the crack of the pistol and
never lost it Harvard's time was H;19%.
1 ale 3 11:2%. ...-..- -i-;»
»»?-H -i : 1 1 1 1 : i ; ; : 1 1 1 :¦¦; ..h.^. #
KILLS PARTNER
IN HIS WRATH
CAPTAIN OF YALE'S "KIGHT."
WHICH WON A BRILLIANT VIC
TORY YESTERDAY.
NEW LONDON. ComC, June 26. —
Rowing within ten seconds of
record time the Yale Varsity
crew this afternoon lowered the
colors of the fastest "eight"
Harvard has yet produced. Yale won by
rour boat lengths in 20:20. Harvard's
time was 20:33.
In the four-oared race the colors of
Harvard were borne to the front. The
Cambridge four won by two and a half
lengths. In the freshmen race Yale's
crew led over the last mile until within
a few feet of the finish, where the Har
vard crew, by a magnificent spurt,
jumped their shell up even with the blue.
The judges decided the race a dead heat.
Twenty-flve thousand spectators saw
the Ells row to victory in the big var
sity race. TVhlle the crowd was great it
was the presence of President Roosevelt
which made the attendance unique In the
history of Yale and Harvard races. The
President saw the finish of all three
races from the deck of the Dolphin,
•which wa* anchored Just above the fin
ish line. He declined the Invitation of the
regatta, committee to go aboard Cor
nelius Vanderbilfs launch, the Mirage,
preferring to remain on board the Dol
phin, where he could be with his family.
iiore yachts than ever before Un the
Quarter of a century of Yale-Harvard
races on the broad Thames were- an
chored along the last mile and a half of
the course, forming a solid avenue and
feeing the river from bank to bank with
a. glorious tinge of colors. These above
the blue waters of the Thames made a
beautiful picture against the cloudless
e*y.
f?H K"rTR.ff GBEET r ''HH OABSHE2T.
Filled from end to «nd the two big ob
servation trains bearing more than 6000
people were bright with the gowns of
pretty women and the color* of Har
vard and Yala. Mighty cheers resound
ed Timing th« green hills of Montville and
Gales Ferry as th» Harvard eight rowed
over to the start, five minutes before 6
o'clock,
By 6:07 both crews were at the stake
boat. At 6:09 the pistol was fired and the
big shells leaped away. Harvard got the
better of the start and in ten strokes had
the nose of her shell a Quarter of a
length la front of the blues. The crim
e>on had the best water over the first
quarter- rnlle and her men made all out
cf It they possibly could.
Harvard started at 36 strokes to the
minute and Yale at SI At the end of the
first half-mile Harvard had dropped her
stroke to 34, while Yale still held hers at
22. At the half-mile flag the boat* were
dmost even.
Over the next half-mile th« race was
a desperate struggle. The boats rig
sragged for a minuta and a half and then
the blue shell began to creep ahead. Yale
reached the mile flag In 5:04, two seconds
before Harvard. The Elis were two
thirds of a length ahead. Yale had
<iropped her etrcke to 31 per minute and
Harvard let her* down to 32.
On toward the two-mile flag; the power
ful eight* swung with mechanical preci
sion at tremendous speed. Harvard
dropped her stroke back to 32,. and now
the two strokes strung In exact unison.
But all th« while the Yale shell kept
creeping & little bit ahead. At the two
mile flag Yale was leadlng-by four seconds.
Yale's time, was 10:11, Harvard's 10:15.
Vale eased up a bit in her stroke and
dropped it down to SL Harvard, seeing
Yale relax, Jumped hers up to 31 De
epite this spurt Yale picked up another
eecond between the two-mile and the two
end a half mile flags. Yale's tlm© for the
two and a half mile* was 12:12, Harvard's
12:17.
TTATtVABJP COXSWAIN- EEES.
It was now a spurt for the last half
mile of the race. Yale raised her stroke
to S3 and then to 34. Harvard held hers
lit 34 for a minute, but had to drop it to
22. The Harvard coxswain made a bad
ness of his steering: over the last mil© of
the race. Long: before the crews reached
the three and a half mile flag- it was ap
parent Jackson eteered his ei^ht almost
squarely into the flagr post, so the oars
banned against It and the boat lost the
benefit of two or three seconds of time.
Harvard was plucky, despite the fact that
ehe was far behind, and gradually her
men struck their pace again and rowed it
out. McGraw was reeling in his seat an-i
Jackson again and again dashed water in
his face. It was only a question of how
nmny lengths Yalo would have at the fin
ish. Suddenly the flajr dropped for Yale
the blues' time was 20:30, just ten sec
onds slower than the record made by the
famous Yale crew of 18SS.
Just as the finish flas fell and Tale's
pen stopped rowing:, Daly, in the Yale
boat, dropped limp over the Bide of the
¦phfelL It looked as though he would fall
overboard before Daly, at No. 2, could
tlircw water en him and revive him. He
really rot Into his seat and rowed over
to the launch with the rest of the men.
Wearers of the Blue Lower the Colors of the Fastest "Eight"
That Has Rowed for v the Crimson in a Quarter Century of
Intercollegiate Competitions— President Roosevelt Attend
YALE WINS FROM HARVARD
IN THE RACE AT NEW LONDON
THE SM FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1902.
5
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORITTM.
THE EMP0BIT7M.
THE EMPORIUM.
I .: ¦pSA^cn's and Boys' C loth in$§^WM
In mi Begins To-Day. AWim
$[ ft 7i , V |^ffyn*^**fj Tn= Grctt S.-mi-Annual Sa'e of ready-to- wear clothing now ccm- Lfc t| A, I wi / i'vU •'
«f / /ij O I mKgJi'p!:-' !jj mencss. More than 50 odd lots of men's snd boys' Spring and Summer VJ' jjjp . r^^\-.<}iij IvH *;\-'
If HA ;, \lyLfl|$r"^ Su!t3 (many hundred suit3 in the entire collection) are placed on the sales- **~\\ w. § i'\\\\ %\
if \ ft l**y !—^mWt ta blts in'the big main floor Clothing Department for the- first time this morning at a reduction \k\ ifiJ |\\\rl l\\\"
K- V '4— °n-m of iwantypzr cent from regular prices. ¦ ' ; jj\| Iwx^ t|||. E
* \ >\ / /{ 'jli' The lot includes our entire stock of light and medium we" ght sack suits for men now re- jfll /// t;
K ' , ~ \ V JrM /lilf maining after three months' vigorous selling, men's outing suits and many fetching styles of ¦ ja \ j lfi[i ,'^^^£25*-
i* -S . -V _^yj^ Jff$i\ ¦ nil boys' clothing. The men's' suits are in the nobbiest and newest weaves of pure all-wool j Jl |/M
i" Mw\lfe^ / ill worsteds^ cassimercs and striped serges. They are stylishly cut, perfectly tailored, have broad jtj\ M -^^r^-,-
• \ ~\i llal /f' -^ an d-paddcd shoulders and lapels and self-retaining fronts. Even if you have a' ready bought \\\\ w =-i ~
Jl \ a rl hi - I' your summer suits, ycu will want another whsn you sec these beauties at a fift'i.fes* 1ha n Ji\\
K I Jf //'/(/ I'' they laze been sellinz for all the season until to-day. The ac- £^§h ffto i '^at^^jjj^^
J. ' . tual cut now from our regular prices (which are afways as low as b& JSr B **&
** , any rcliab'e housj sells for in the United States) is , /$8fi8 %*gJ0 & ££
* Men's $10.00 Spring and Svmmer Suits now . ' ., . . ,' $8.00 j . . .. discount
{(Men's $12.50 Spring and Svmmcr Suits now ...... SSO.OO Men's $20.00 Spring and Summer Suits now. .... .&1G.OO
| Men's $15.00 "Spring and Summer Suits now; .....$V2.QO Men's $25.00 Spring and Summer Suits now S2O.OO
* nrlffl 1 ntc kstlg* Mcns - <S0 Outin^ Suils » 5 s - 50 — In Boys' Vcstec Suits, $2.98— For ages 3 Men's Fedoras— In soft hats; pearls
jk UUU LOIS &aiG dark an'd light striped^flannels. The trousers to 6 years only; the materialj handsome all- Wth either black or pearl bands, and Derby
S Men's and Boys' 1 ! ¦- «-* **- - '-*.=-.«
t" ruiwijefif'nff Pr]ce ' ¦' ' * ' * ' • ¦ 99.&U vests, many difFsrent patterns to choose from; the lot :—
» rurntsninff zxooasm Boys , Wash s^j^sj^ 69c— Come «w"»ir *s« «d «6.oo ; | 3 . 3 5 Hwnow. . st.77
J We enumerate but a few of the many' odd sure to-day for thes:, for there are only ioo Wd Lou Sale Pries . . . .&*?.&& 13-35 Hats now ........ $2.52
1! ¦' £2*XSi*i5?SS i*- WMW>^WM¥- W p >** Itol » "— s«iu. Odd Lot Sale
J. these as ancient shop-worn goods. They are /to OSfC $4.83 — For ages 3 to I O years; charm- flffl&n*S SAT3iS Prtyc'
d,e short lots of th:s season', best thing, in Saturday NfgHt Only; Mill's ing ,uitt, made by the best manufacttirers, in O F .^.^.«^ 0*.^^
S Furn^ngs. . g;^ , . . v $3.00 PanlJ $1.69-Strictly a.l WO 3 1; the newest styles and coloring,. The assort- Summer ShOeS.
•£ Men's $1.00 Underwear, 72c Medium well cut,' good patterns, every pair warranted; ment includes refs, h!u;s, browns, greens, Many Styles ol Men's $2.53 and $3.50
tf xveight gray merino, well madr, a nice weight to «ze« of waists 31 to 44, lengths 30 to 35; • royal blueani fancy mixtures; regularly Summer Sh<KS— Including : —
Jf wear all-the-year-round; regularly. $1.00 a from 7 until 10:30 to-morrow, f |7.S°; the Oid Lots Sale __ Tan CaJf Lace Shoes, with welted extension
S ']¦.;+ garment; Odd Lots Sale Prce . . _ o . P alr '•¦•.. OJ Prlce ...-....,. m TmOU io ' Uf \ n a n £ ZTS and w ytj, s .
)? . . . • ......... mZG -- , ._ ., ... „,, . . _ ,-,,:-« t . . \c« -r.. Black Vici Kid Lice Shoes, hand-welted exten-
5 Men's Handkcrchicb — Full size, nice Boys' Pleated Bosom Shirts, 69c— The sion sole, and new Kyle to«, in aU rzes and
* Men's Camd'S Hair Underwear, 77c — A soft Hntn finish, corded edges; now latest styles in b!ues and reds, made cf good widths.
J good weight for all-the-ycar-round; finely fin- .'.... • If© quality Chambray; regularly |!i.oo; —,q And perhaps a hundred pain of drummer't tam-
|f i$hed garments that would be cheap _ ¦ Men's Silk Handkcrchicls — Hem- Odd Lots Sale Price. . . ... . O%9V pies, in all styles, sizes 7 and 7% only; all
J. at $1.00; Odd Lots Sa!eP4e .* ##C sftched, full s ; ze, two lines, now cut ta ¦ ¦ marked at the closing out •
*, '' : ii ¦: ¦ • • O7 A ammrt O7/i : pne: for ths Odd Lots Sale, tig's &&>
$ Men's 7Sc Underwear, 47c— Medium •; ' • ' ' * ' 2 /° * n *- 3 *° n ... - « . - pair. .... . .' &t a &&
«f weight Baibriggan, in a nice shade of blue.pret- Men's Ncckwcar — S.-veral hundred Olid Lots Sale Yovlhs' Fin= Call Shoes, 9Sc— 86 pairs
I tily finished; Oid Lot, Sale Price, odd, and end. of . « 5 c and _ S oc Ties, in band nff en >> s ang f ROVS' odds and ends, of these good lace with
I g«ment */C |h,eW ; bows and bat ties; Odd _ IUm S SMI UOyS medium coin toe and exLsion soles, in sires
1 Men's $1.60 Golf Shirts, 69c_Madras Men's iloolloTes,' 73^-0^ quality Summer Hats. gggg & - gj*gr I»S«-
5 and Percales, a large variety of patterns, also of dogskin, well made and well finished; The small lots of dozens of Styles of 95C
£ plain and white, several lines in pleated and Odd Lots Sile Price . . . . . . . 73o Men', and Boys' Summer Hats are now Boys' Fine Call LaCC ShOCS About 78
5 ¦¦¦¦'n££r?ri e ? U '" 1 °° 5 ° dd 69O Boys'GolI ShirtS, 47C— Made of good m^ tO ,, ClOSe ? ut r whi!c *ZRO/ pin, with new coin toes and extended wlrs,
- Lots Sale Pnce. . . . . . . OVO Percale, with cuff, to match; a good th«e "e^ll months of wear /(| in „«, 4 ., & ca]y> regu]ar ,
J MctfS StiH Bosom ShirtS, 69C- Good LrtLnt of patens; Odd Lo-.s „ ahMd ' atareductl3a of - •• < I1.50 and fx.6 3i «le price f
«f quaUty Percales, in a nice assortment of patterns' Sale 1 Price . .•&TG Men's and Boys' Stylish Straw Hats: — - y>;- • • • &tmB*J
J and all ,zcs; regularly |i.oo; Odd ff _^ Mcn ' $ p ancy Hasicry, 18i Pair— In 45« Straws. 343 $ x.oo Straws. . 75O O r «\ J .1,, ' n
j _ Lou Sale Pn«, CSC tJn and bl J poja' dots, good q ua,i t y 75 cW, . . 5 7o^^. . 9*C Si
J - Men's 22C Fancy Hosiery, 12^C— Good yarn,, very jtyjsh; Odd Lots Sale j-*j J1.50 Straws . $1.13 '-. 'heels, some with spring heels, all have ex-
g weight Maco Yarn, ribbed, perfect fitting, in Pnce, pair .. . . .. i; -. ; ". ". . *Ofc M en », High Grade Stylish Straw Hats:- " tenrion welted so'w an i new modern toes ;
2 all the latest combinations of colors; instead Plain Tan Cotton 25c Hose, now . . . 12O , „ P **-.«* c *>* ~r, "es from 9 to I3>< in all widths; instead
Z> ofascthe pair, Odd Lots Sale' _ , Plain Pufp'e (the Shawknit) 25c Half Hose, $ l *S Straws $1.39 $2.03 Straws $1.50 of |r.co per pair\"odd Lots '
* Price ...... . . . •¦¦ IZfrG now ;." . .-¦ y^,. r? . ,. it .\ . ¦ . 13O Straw, .. $1.88 y Sale Price f . 77 . .... $1*18
S Furniture Samples t^^ss ss^ Another Great Veiling Sale. RifopQtl Vests 8c*
i At Clean-Up Prices. ' Half Price To-Day* For Friday r —^
ft $16.00" Extension Tab'es $10.70— Neatly t^^^^p^W 3000 yards of Novelty Tuxedo Vei in?, with' plain or fmcy mesh, with Qttlv [ Wm1°
fc - polished top, supported with heavy flufed V^^^f^f^^ or without dots, this swsoa's most becoming meih:s; in Q^^ wiajfrn n \ ¥ • »^t
*; legs, bfst easy -moving 4* « gm ' >mtfm ¦ black, white and all colors; 25c valuis; Friday only . . . . &C The biggtst Underwear V| \>X «^
J, slides; cut to close out /. &MU.JU X'^^S^^ 2000 yards of Novelty Tuxedo Vei ingi, black ground, with fancy Talu = = v « ° ff «= d ! " *e S^^ 4%^
&* $6.00 Pedestal $3.90— For bow window or Penian dots, suitable for the face or hat. trmmings, a 50c tfft _ big store; ladies* Rxhelieu /V*»^V
If hall, made of- highly polished oak,' a heavy, JZ§?$^^ value-' Friday only, yard . . ........... . . &G • Cotton Vests-L. N. N. Y | wJ j \
£ durable piece of furniture; _ 5 w fl .^fT IOO dozen all-silk Black Pattern Veis, with ch iC i!le spot \^"^ Ji* .T PLi \
If closing out pnce &J.&W .... and border, regu'arly ' 3S c each; Friday only. ..... U*&O jh> / / '^P\
K $85.00 Bed oom Suit $56.50— Golden oak, ¦ ¦ - ' * ' i5 - COO 5 * hlte i, ¦ » to «. /, W \ I
K hand po'ished, quarter sawed, 3 pieces, ~~^ ~ ~~Z1 ~^Z ¦ - - serviceable well made and «» I I j
% dresser 50 inches wide, 24 inches deep, with Last Day Of RCmttattt SalO finished undervest; to-day/ \JJ
S •rZTtJr^T:^^*^' Black and Colored Dress Goods. . my « fe.. V
S '"' : out sale price . .... g-*r>~ir* e-n Your choice to-day until dosing tim: of fully 2000 Black and Co'ored Remnanti- of this season's _^ -¦%*%* Vi^...., _-
J m m '-'best all-wool and silk and wool Dress Fabrics. Every one of the remnmts in thij. accumulation — —. ——— _—
** SI200 Parlor Table'' $7 75— Hand polished is a bargain at the marked remnant price, but to close out the mist of them during the day, we QuSGiTt Skirt Supporters
Jf" -top, 28 inches riquare;: legs 4 inches in , make a furthir reiuctioa of OnC-QUantOr Off. -.:.•, : A TO-Day1Qc Set.
•? diameter, with heavy eagle claw feet; your ~~ . . . ~" .- ! .-•..-.¦ ¦ . . - ~ : " Gair's Queen Skirt Supporten, in silver and
J choice of cither mahogany or.^_ _- 9lA/«fc«^-.^ ll~~U-S^~~*i\ OrQB37iary BlittOr, • enameled finishes, 3 sizes— 19 to 25, 24 to
f oak, now .. *^'.,... .&7.7S* WBOSter'S Unanriagen ¦/«•••# J?Ae#- ' * 9 tO 33 mchw -^ adjusuble to any
»: $14.00 Upholstered Roman Chairs $8.90- Dictionary BSltl _."' ST^^Sl S J' :f t ?o« m ?* "^ 6 , $k |! t " tcheS ' U J sh for three
t Fght different designs, a'l covered with best «#-»«*##«».«'#? 7 « Don t m«s. the b>g Friday event m the Grocerv. dresses; regularly 25c a set; Friday
»¦¦•¦ £lt« and vriours- closine out .©«ail» #Of" Om £ 9 . Department.: If you: are going to put up only, set BUG
* ¦ S T: °" s . $8.90 UjitilJulylstOriy. ?^"^!^^«f.^;-*« Q ..
y . .P Iltc •.•..*.•..•»'.>•:• •/**^^ T.t' £ . • f. .. - , -,. . butter will get dsarer from now on. . ¦/•" y v "<?
Jf $1.50 Axmlmter Ru 5 s 9«C-^eavyouaIity, For pmiculars of this unsurpa^d Dictionary - Best cream 6 buttcr mad ia full tlze iKi Firelilihf CFMarS
£ large variety of pattern, and colorings; Friday offer inquire in Book Department on at th e big store . Friday, only, LTLjSm." Tm!r .^
J • and Saturday only, each. . . . . q^ \ q : "»"««>'. " ' square '. .-. ,. . . . .V . &&G All ThlS Week
y Thousands of Copies of the best stories, by su:h -¦ 'fTr^f' jt^^^*\ it iff ~'S ' fWb i'^9^. Ls^?*- M & M &'jf-ff MA K^fntlHtiV SZ2JG
V famous authors as PjiuI L-iccitcr Ford, M»x -rf J& /£/£ 3m &/£ >rB / M* f^f7*T£ & M ff J&ItM fnf Fb*mH^\M finlxr
*>: Pcmberton, Gertrude Atherton, Gaorge W. W^^Mj/JTJK yMsA^itk /LJ AsM^S^MS &A riUay UlJly.
J. Cable, 'etc., books that when first issued were J» S —^am^ MMaiSrM^S w &r tr 1^ Itr £3 M V\^ ij I^eal Panoche Cream and Delicious Roman
ft $i.z$ and $1.50, in good stamped cloth "CALIFORNIA'S LAftGEST" M ¦ iii'MhlMff*^^^^^^^^ -'Caramels — Two of our most popular confec-
H binding, on sale in our book department, _, vmyiiS^^^^^ tions; fresh from cur own factory on premises;
f while quantity lasts, «ch. . . . -aa^^^^^^^^AMERrCA'SlSRANDESTlSTORE; ""^^^.^'.^^Se
San Francisco. Friday, 27 June, 1902. '
Enameled iron, $5.50
{ The above picture shows the design of a white
enameled iron bed which we are selling in both double
and three-quarter size for $5.50. The corner posts are
I ornamented with brass knobs, and a brass rosette sets in
center of both head and foot pieces. Measures 54 inches
high at head and 44 inches at foot. Fifth floor.
Our assortment of couch covers is the most tempting
in town. Handsome Oriental effects 60 inches wide by
3 yards long at $3.50 each. Then at $5.00 each there
is a heavy double-faced tapestry in a rich Navajo pat-
tern, same size as above mentioned. You'll look a long
time for a better value. Third floor.
Linoleum — for a little less than you've been able to
buy it for before— and just as good. The patterns are
I even fresher and;. more taking than a good many we
have sold for more money. 50 cents the square yard.
< Second floor.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. j
i NOT A DOLLAR TO BE PAID 1
UNTIL A CORE IS EFFECTED I
, We mean this emphatically
?VARICOCELE — Is an , 9 ° SvEAKXESSES— In most 0
enlargement of the vl- ¦ "~ £1 cases are due to a dam-
tal blood vessels. It is El \ aged prostate gland. As
a common disorder. 0*;. 1 this gland is the veiy ,
Mcst men are afflicted %& center of the reproduc-
wlth some : staue of ' 34 **^ *^j tive system. proper t
this disease. • "We can , \f» r\ I treatment means lm-
cure Varlcocele in one , IS^^^SJs? mediate benefit. Our
week at our office. Ml? 5^** Dr. Talcott treats each t
Over 3000 patients ro**%y ' rase personally and of- ?
have been cured by us . j V^W&rSv 'era an experience of i
•without a failure or an y7 vts.»//lV • over twenty years de>-
J^ unpleasant result. J^ JjV (/iKsOJgSflX K^ \ voted to this specialty.^
HaleY* 6 DF.-TZllCOtt 5 CO. MARKET 'STROT j
Men Exclusively.Burnett's Vanilla Extract U the flxecj stand
ard of excellence. Has outlived criticism. Is th«
finest, purest vanilla extract that can be bought.
Mayor "Schmitz has evidently been made aware
that it is not the'easiest thing in the world to drive
loafing, politicians from their" troughs in the muni
cipal treasury. The chasing of money-changers from
the temple was once considered to be a miracle:
Congress has decided that it will admit no new
States to the Union at this session. This is one way
of teaching our younger brothers that men do not
grow to manhood in 3 day. Anyway, Uncle Sam has
trouble cnouch now with his familj. \
, Ulverston, " England, has a "Two-
Glasses-a-Night Club," with a member
ship of about 200, all of .whom are pledged
.to drink no more than a couple of glasses
of beer during any , evening. No limit is
placed, however, on" the quantity of non
intoxicants which may be consumed.'^
¦ Oakland politics, steaming, storming, and sizzling
in various degrees of explosion, seems not as yet to
have reached its normal stage. Nobody among the
interested partisans ;has been accused^ of murder, an
indication that something has been left undone.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
An Irish member of Parliament was sent to jail by
an Irish Judge the other day for contempt of court.
The reports do not indicate who was the better
pleased at the outcome, the Judge or the jailed. . The
situation seems to show that the contempt in the af
fair was mutual.
Townsend's California glace fruit, I-jc a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxe3. A nice'
present for Eastern friends. §33 Marl- .
etreet, Palace Hotel building. " •
"The. United States Senate is still fishing with its
rod of inquiry in the ill-smelling pool : which has
gathered over the sale of the Danish West Indies! It
seems as if we 'can neither buy nor win territory
without an internal domestic row, as a consequence.
Reduction, genuine eyeglasses, specs, 10c
'to 40c. Note 81 4th, front barber.grocer. •
The municipal authorities are seriously discussing
the expediency of waging war upon the toy pistol,
which has already done various damages upon young
America. The pistol seems to warrant a change of
the adage that boys will be boys into boys are im
minently in danger of. becoming angels.
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
, A party of Americans has set on foot a project to
colonize Prince Albert province, Canada, with peo-*
pie from the United Slates. The gentlemen should
be encouraged; it is seldom that such an easy way
of ridding the country of incumbrances presents it
self.
The Oakland political situation seems to have
reached what is technically known as the sizzling
stage. This may invariably be recognized by the
interesting fact that everybody in the political pot
calls everybody else names which would justify the
incarceration of them all in a penitentiary.
The Governor of North Carolina has offered a re
ward of $30,000 for the apprehension of the lynchers
of a negro who was" guiltless of- crime. This of
the Governor is probably to be construed as the
post mortem joke in the crime of the unknown as
sassins.
No advance agent for dime novel literature, even
in his wildest dreams, ever pictured such good luck
as was contained a few days ago in a dispatch which
stated that a twelve-year-old Texan lad had killed
eight Apache Indians. Our youthful heroes will
have to be guarded against an emigration to Texas.
That was the best Illinois could do toward pre
senting a policy for Democrats to uphold. Down in
Tennessee the party convention 'did a little better. It
declared: "We demand that this Government at
Another 'strong faction was opposed to making any
declaration at all concerning the Philippines, but
finally the convention agreed to declare: "We are
opposed to the British system of colonization, by
means of which powerful, selfish interests are enabled
to employ the resources of the people to enslave in
ferior races and to enrich themselves. We are in'
favor of true American expansion, such as untier
Democratic control has been achieved in the past,
and by means of which vast territories have been
dedicated forever to equality and freedom. We,
therefore, denounce the various measures adopted
by the Republicans for the government of the Phil
ippines as monopolistic and autocratic and danger
ous to liberty at home as well as liberty abroad."
Up to this time the fashioning of the new planks
has been carried out with trembling hands amid dis
cords and faction fights in almost every State. In
Illinois, for example, a- faction of the convention was
in favor of adopting a platform declaring adherence
"to the fundamental principles of the Democratic
party as laid down in the Declaration of Indepen
dence, the constitution of the United States and our
last national convention." The majority of the
convention refused to accept that declaration and
amended it by substituting "past conventions" in
stead of the last convention!
DEMOCRATIC State platforms adopted this
year are more than usually interesting, inas
much as it has devolved upon the State con
ventions to formulate the policy of the party, upon
new issues. The complete collapse of Bryan's pres
tige and the impossibility of making any further con
test on the silver question render it expedient to
reaffirm the last national platform of the party:
A new platform is therefore necessary, and as the
party leaders in Congress have not formulated one,
nor shaped an issue to submit to the people, the task
of hewing new planks has fallen to the lot of the State'
DEMOCRATIC PLATFORMS. '
IS. D. Kilpatrick, one of the best known
railroad contractors of the West, is at the
Palace Hotel. His headquarters are at
Omaha. .-.'¦- .
, C. Borgera, a mining man of Campo
Seco, is in the city for a few days and
had made his headquarters at the Lick.
Jesse H. Stanton, a prominent business
man of Auburn, N. Y., is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
D. F. Jack, freight traffic manager of
the Plant system of railroads, is at the
Palace.
Cal. glace frutt 50c per lb at Towr3end's.'
C. T. Wright, principal of the public
schools of Adair, Iowa, Is at the Cali
fornia.
O. S. Lovedale, a hardware merchant of
Sacramento, is registered at the Califor
nia. .
Dc. C. L. Ray of Gold Hill, Or., is at the
Grand.
Governor John J. Brady of Alaska is at
the Palace. ¦ '
The Rev. E. C. B. Barker of Kenwood
is at the Lick. >; -;
C. Jesse Titus, a banker of Mountain
View, is at the Palace.
Mr. Van Arsdale, a lumber man of Mc-
Cloud, is at the Palace. • •
T. B. Waker, a lumber dealer of Minne
apolis, is at the Occidental.
C. W. Waldron, editor of the Sentinel
of Santa Cruz, is at the Grand.
R. H. McKalg, a mining man of Salt
Lake, is among the arrivals at the Grand.
Dr. C. E. Reed of Petaluma Is at the
Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The New York^stage is to be elevated at last. The
Actors' Church Alliance in that city has organized
Bible classes for chorus girls of the comic operas,
and the stage is to be used Sunday afternoons for
class purposes. One of the promoters of the move
ment gives a curious reason for it. He is quoted as
saying: "Many of the chorus girls come from Bos
ton and they find it hard to make church affiliations
in New York."
For the direction taken by his metaphor Mr.
Bryan is responsible. He concludes that as long as
Mr. Cleveland is seen and heard at Democratic gath-.
erings there can be no harmony. This conclusion is
right in line with Bryanism. Cleveland represents
the only successes of the party since the Civil War.
Bryan represents the worst defeats in its history, and
he prefers defeat and virtue to the stagnant pools of
victory. Republicans approve of Mr. Bryan and his
green scum and malaria ideas.
Mr. Bryan then reaches back into classic history
and brings forward that unpleasant affair in the
family of the late Mr. Virginius of Rome in order
that he may accuse Cleveland of etabbing the Demo
cratic party to prevent its return to virtue. From
all this the public is left to infer that Democracy
strayed from the path of virtue by succeeding at the
polls and getting the power to establish an ague
breeding pond which it passed off on the people as
a national administration. In this view of it the way
to keep that party virtuous is by keeping it out of
power. So, when the sleuth of logic is turned loose
on the tracks of Mr. Bryan's figure of speech the
conclusion captured is that the Republican party is
doing reform work of the highest character by
keeping Democracy in the Magdalen asylum of de
feat.
ministration to do the stunt of a stagnant pool, B but"
to add to this the emission of foul' vapors is trying to
the patience of the Board of Health.
Mr. Cleveland's speech is as keen a piece of de
scriptive sarcasm as appears in American politics. It
hit its mark,' out in Lincoln, and Mr. Bryan claps
his hand on the place where he is hurt and screams
with anger. He introduces some new metaphors into
political discussion by describing Cleveland's admin
istration as "a stagnant pool, from whose waters, foul
vapors rose, poisonous to those who lingered near."
That is neat, if nasty. It is bad enough for an ad-
MR. BRYAN follows Major Watterson in de
nunciation of Mr. Cleveland, his speech, his
two administrations and all his ways and
works. Mr. Bryan has reached that stage of decline
where he is no longer visible to the public unless he
stands on something. This is the stage that follows
after the plan of keeping in sight by jumping up and
down. He has practiced that method until people
looked the other way when he bobbed up, and now
he has to wait until somebody like Mr. Cleveland,
who commands public attention, says something or
does something, -when he jumps on to him and makes
snoots in the public eye. • .
Of course the regulation of the sale of fireworks
is but a small part of the general work of prepara
tion for the day. The Fourth of j July finds the East
parched and dry. A wooden building is hardly bet
ter than so much tinder. Fires are easily started in
such an- atmosphere, and when once started they
spread rapidly! We have no such dangers in this
city. We have neither- the dry air nor the inflam
mable timber. Most of our buildings are con
structed of redwood and burn so slowly that there is
comparatively little danger of any great conflagra
tion. Nevertheless, there. is always some, and it will
be worth our while to guard against it. The Fire
Department and the police of course always take
precautions and do extra duty on that day, but the
whole task of guarding against danger should not
be left to them. With us, as with the East, it. is
time to begin to think of making our preparations
to celebrate the Fourth in such a way that the gen
eral joy will not be marred by any serious accident,
disaster or loss. . ' •¦-,'_•
We have ne'ver suffered the disastrous fires that
have taught the East to watch the coming and the
going of the* Fourth" of ''July with airhoist as much'
anxiety as patriotism, i Nevertheless, we have had
here and there' throughout the State some lessons
that were costly. It is therefore worth our while to
follow the example, of the Eastern cities in that re
gard and look out a little as to what is likely to hap
pen if we are too careless in our manner of celebra
tion.
.-It has been decided by the officials of New York
that the rules relating to the sale of fireworks shall
be enforced this year not only in the city proper but
throughout the whole area of Greater ' New York.
Under the rules no fireworks can be offered for sale
in frame buildings within the fire limits, nor in such
buildings outside the fire limits unless isolated from
other structures, and in no case shall more than one
permit be granted to a block. As the rule cuts off a,
business that has been profitable in Brooklyn and
other boroughs now grouped with the big city a
good deal of opposition to it has been manifest, but
public opinion seems to sustain the action of the
authorities '
AT this season of the year the larger cities of
the East begin to make ready for the. Fourth
of July. Their preparations are not so much
in the way of providing for the celebration as making
provisions and adopting safeguards against the prob
abilities of disaster. Ample experience has taught
the people of that, section -of the Union that the
small boy with firecrackers is ¦ likely to make the
glorious Independence day an occasion of trouble
that may amount to calamity.
HARMONY RAMPANT.
STANDING ON GUARD. /
The local Board of. Education is at last engaged in,
a surprising endeavor to perform a genuine public
service. The board is rescinding its rules for the ap
pointment of teachers as worse than useless. It is re
modeling its scheme of instruction and displaying
generally a deep seated conviction of the unworth of
its own principles of educational policy. There ap
pears to.be some congratulation" in 'the fact that any
new rules which the board may adopt cannot be
worse than the old.'
The committee then laid over tempora
rily all applications for street railway
privileges.
The committee also reported In favor of
the passage of two ordinances relative to
the maintenance of signs, as ,the present
ordinance has been found-to be imprac
ticable. - .
"We will file a proposition next Mon
day," said Newhall, "in which we will of
fer to sell our property to the. city. This
is in response to- the resolution of the
board soliciting offers from existing street
railroads in connection with -the acquisi
tion of the Geary-street road by the mu
nicipality. We do not wish to withdraw
our application, as it was made In good
faith, and we propose to build the road if
we secure the franchise."
, The committee, after a hurried consul
tation, decided' to recommend that the
United Railroads be granted leave by the
board to withdraw the applications with
out prejudice. Then Goerge A. Newhall,
president of the Presidio and Ferries
Railroad, made his offer to sell the road
to the city.
"These applications were filed by our
predecessor,' the Market-street Railway
Company, without our consent," said To
bln.. "In good faith we felt compelled to
ask the board that they be granted. In
view of the fact that municipal ownership
is the end in view at' the present time we
desire to withdraw all the applications.
Had we been consulted in the first place
the petitions would never have been filed.
We acted later at the request of property
owners who desire the service of the new
lines. We now formally ask permission
to withdraw our applications without pre
judice. Regarding the city's request that
we grant it the use of five blocks on Mar
ket street, consider that proposition at
an end, owing to our withdrawing the pe
titions." ' \ '
': The cause of the withdrawal of the pe
titions by the United Railroads lies in the
fact that the committee has "all along
tacitly imposed a condition that in return
for the franchises asked for the corpora-^
tion should concede to the city the right
to use five blocks on Market street' to
connect with the proposed municipal road
on Geary street. , No satisfactory answer
could be obtained from $he United Rail-r
roads a.nd it was plain that its directors
had not the slightest intention to make
any concession to the city or to comply
with what they termed an onerous con
dition. This was, demonstrated when-Jo
seph S. Tobin, attorney for the big cor
poration, asked leave to withdraw the pe
titions.
. The second surprise was -the offer of
George A. Newhall, president of the Pre
&idio and Ferries Railway Company, to
sell the Union-street road and its
tranches to the city. The last offer will
be v formally made next Monday.
Two surprises were sprung at yester
day's meeting of the. Supervisors' Street
Committee. The first was the formal ap
plication of the United Railroads, as suc
cessor to the Market-street Railway Com'
pany, to withdraw the applications of the
last named corporation for a grant of
franchises for roads covering nearly all
streets not controlled at present by the
monopoly. . . : • '
DECLARE THEY
DO NOT WANT
THE FRANCHISES
The groom was attended by. Allen
Wright as best man. " The ushers were St.
John McCormlck, Cary Van Fleet,
Thomas Van Ness" and George Hooper.
The ceremony was performed by Rev.E.
J. Lion, rector of the church. The bride
was beautiful In a heavily embroidered
white crepe gown, 'made en- traine. The
veil ; was fastened with orange blossoms
and she was attended by a bevy of pret
ty .girls. ' .-, l
'Miss Alice Willis of Sacramento, a
cousin of the bride, was "maid of honor.
Her gown was white silk mull over white
taffeta and she carried a wreath of green
tied ' with long green streamers. Tlfe
bridesmaids Srere Miss Gertrude Buckley,
Miss Jeanette* Hooper, Miss Marian
Wright and Miss Jeanette Wright. They
were attired in electric green silk gauze,
heavily trimmed with white lace. They
each carried bouquets of white lilies sent
by a f rien$ residing in Oregon.
ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH was
crowded with friends and relatives
of Miss Alma Beatty, the charming
daughter of Chief Justice William
( ; A. Beatty of. . the State Supreme
Court, and Brooke Maynard Wright, a
promising attorney of this city, who were
united in marriage last night. The in
terior of the sacred edifice was beautifully
decorated for. the occasion.
The method he has chosen is that of the juggler.
He has gone as far as possible from his- friend the
Warden, after the two had investigated each other,
and away in San Pedro stands with a fork in his
mouth to catch the turnip, reputation, which he ex
pects the Warden to toss down to him.
All this the Governor has miserably failed to com
prehend. No sooner was "the dirtiness at the prison
disclosed than. he jumped into it up to his neck. Then,
realizing that it had damaged him, he seeks repair.
With the offenses of Warden Aguirre it is totally
different. They are public offenses, which the Gov
ernor of California cannot condone, compound nor
compromise. They are against the people.
Mr. Gage, might wink at the peccadilloes of his
friend Aguirre, as men do wink at those things and
will, world without end. But the Governor of Cali
fornia cannot wink at the act of the Warden' in mak
ing by prison labor and perhaps material not his own
gifts of luxury for a scarlet woman. Nor can one
official overlook in the other the manipulation of
accounts, forging of bills and corruption of public
records beyond recognition for what the law intends
they should be.
The Governor has throughout the affair acted as
if his relation were that of a private individual, with
no element in it beyond his private will, wish and
preference. As an individual he may overlook what
he pleases in his friend. Martin Aguirre may spit in
the face of his friend Henry T. Gage, who may-wipe,,
it off with his coat tail, if he choose, and forgive the
expectorant attention of his friend. The two may
quarrel,' quit "and make up, and it concerns none but
themselves.
The Governorship cf California is not a personal
possession. It is an official trust. The Governor,
as a private individual, could not procure the ap
pointment of Aguirre to the wardensh.ip, no matter
how close and affectionate, their friendship. He did
that as Governor. The relation of private friend
ship ceased when thek entered into official relations
with each other. Thejvwere the holders of public
trusteeships, and their friendship became official en
tirely. Their private friendship was subject to rup
ture by the violation of the conditions upon which
it existed. A breach of friendly faith, trading on
personal credit, abuse of confidence, an act of dis
honor, would dissolve personal friendship. The offi
cial relation of friendship is based solely upon fidel
ity to the public trust, held and administered for the
people. Not the individuals Gage and Aguirre are
concerned at all, but the public officials, the Gov
ernor of California and the Warden of San Quentin
prison.
Just, why he injected himself into this prison scan
dal at all no one can find out. After everything on
which he bases his suit had been published, he . d.e
clared in an authorized interview published in his
Los Angeles official organ that it did not affect him,
that he was not attacked, but that the impact of the
exposure fell upon the Warden, in whom he ex
pressed the greatest confidence. From the point of
view taken in that interview it was plainly the duty
of the Governor to at once request the Prison Di
rectors to make an. investigation of the prison and its
management by Warden Aguirre, to the end that
that officer might be vindicated if deserving of the
confidence the Governor had in him, or condemned
if guilty and outlawed from that confidence.
All fair-minded men see at once that if he heartily*
desired to be shown blameless and abused he would
have sought the most prompt and convenient means
to that end. Had he done so, and, as the law per
mits, brought his criminal suit at a point convenient
to the scene of the alleged offense and accessible
readily to the evidence by which he must be justified
or condemned, the examination would now be far
under way, and the people would be getting the facts,
judicially heard and sifted. ;Vrr
. . . . ,
rnpHE Governor of California is a juggler of no
I mean attainments in some branches of the
'¦¦*¦ business. But there are some things' that can
not be juggled. Among these is his pretense of a
fervid desire to be vindicated in the San Quentin
matter, and his flight to the* v judicial wilderness of
San Pedro in search of it.
WILL HE CATCH IT?
DAUGHTER OF THE CHIEF JUSTICE
WEDS AT ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH
At the close of the ceremony about 100
guests attended the reception held at the
bride's home at 240$ Octavia street. The
large drawing-room was prettily decor
ated In green and white and the dining
room was In rose and green, while the
reception hall was in white and green.
Trailing sweet peas and bamboo were
also used in profusion.
The young couple were the recipients
of many numerous presents. They will
depart to-day on their honeymoon and
¦will return In three .weeks and take up
residence at the California Hotel until
they commence housekeeping.
«¦.-., * • •
Dr. Walter Bernard Coffey. chief sur
geon of the United Railroads of this city,
will be married to Mls3 Laura E. Terry
of Sacramento on "Wednesday. July 9. at
the residence of the bride's parents, 1230
N street, Sacramento. Miss Terry 13 tha
daughter of a well-known California pio
neer. Dr. Coffey Is well known In this
city. He has an extensive practice and U
looked upon as a rising man in, his pro
fession.
Mr. and Mrs. Willard V. Huntlngton an
nounce the -ngagement of their daughter.
Miss Edith Marie Huntlngton, to John D.
Spreckels Jr. ;-*
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
DAUGHTER OF CHIEF JUS
TICE BEATTT, WHO WAS
MARRIED . LAST EVENING.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
CATALOGUE OF COINS— A. F,, Corn
wall. Cal. The Call does not publish a
catalogue of the value of coins.
NO PREMIUM— City Subscriber. No
premium is offered for a dime of 1S53 nor
for five-dollar pieces coined after 1834.
STREET CAR POSITION— H. J. B.,
City. To obtain employment as a grip
man conductor on the Market street
system you must file your application at
the olHce of the company.
Nearly sixty works of fiction were pub
lished between May 13 and June 15. but
less than that number will be tha out
come between the latter date and July 13,
the book trade being, as already mention
ed, practically at a standstill.
One of the few notable writers publish
ing 13 Bernard Capes, whose book, "Tho
Mill of Silence," is to be issued very
shortly by John Long.
I hear that Mr. Rudyard Kipling's vol
ume of stories. "Just So Stories for Chil
dren,", which Is to be published in tha
autumn, will be entirely illustrated by
himself. .Kipling has long been noted for
his omniscience, but It will be a new
sensation to regard him in any other
capacity than aa an author. The author
artist is, of course, a comparatively rare
phenomenon. Blake and Max Beerbohra
are two that may be mentioned, but
perhaps the best known popular writers
who have illustrated their own books ara
Thackeray, Du Maurier and "W. S. GU
btrt.
The authoress of "Red Pottage" has
completed a new novel which ia a story
of contemporary life and character. Mlsa
Cholmondeley is a most careful writer
who revises and even rewrites her manu
script extensively. The novel, I believe,
will first appear serially.
In this most dull of dull time3 there Is
only one more work which is of any in
terest at all coming out. That is a very
much needed volume which may be called
a personal handbook to London and Lon
don society. It is to have the title "Lon
don and Its Leaders" and -has been com
piled by Douglass Sladen. The letterpress
includes tables ~x>t the royal family, the
Cabinet and ehief government officials,
and gives lists of foreign embassadors
and consuls in London and members of
the Houses of Lords and Commons, and
the leading hostesses are noted. There
is also a record of the American colony
in London. ¦ London itself, meaning public
Institutions, hotels and theaters, is very
fully dealt with." The jwork has many il
lustrations.
Soldiers Thank the Call.
MOSQUITO— W. H.,City. The name of
the annoying insect, the mosquito. Is not
derived from that of the Mosquito coast.
The word is the diminutive of the Span
ish word mosca, a fly.
SCHOOL OF CORRESPONDENCE— A
Stranger, City. There Is a correspondence
school in this city where all branches are
taught, but this department cannot ad
vertise such, as. it is a private concern.
PROPERTY— A. S., City. If a man had
certain property at tho time he married
a second wife he can dispose of the same
by will as he gees fit, it being his separate
property. He may by will allow his wife
the use- and income of the property dur
ing her lifetime.
Editor San Francisco Call: \ For the do
nation of late papers to the enlisted men.
of the Ninth Infantry I wish, in their be
half, to thank . you most heartily. Ta
our men, who have be«n camping in the)
Eamar,, where papers from tho States
were six weeks in reaching them, th*
privilege of reading these papers is a rare
treat. "With thanks.
ERNEST P. NEWSOil.
Chaplain Ninth Infantry, U. S. A.
-June 25, 1902.
N. E. A. Convention. $84 90. San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, groins direct lines,
returning Northern Pacific Railway. On sal*
July 1 and 2, good sixty days. Only requires
six days for entire trip through Yellowston*
National Park. Juat the season to visit "Na»
turo's Greatest "Wonderland." The Northern
Pacific train "North Coast Limited," 19 unex
celled by any other. S«elng is believing. T.
K. Stateler, general agent, 647 Market at.. S. F.
Cheap • Rates to Minneapolis, Minn.
SNAILS— M. H., City. One of thfe best
methods of getting rid of snails that In
fest - a flower - garden is . to - put cabbage
leaves at dusk In the places where they
are most, and in the morning before sun
rise turn the leaves and the snails will be
found clinging to the inside of the leaves.
It is then an easy matter to destroy
them.
That is the best Democracy has done in platform
making thus far. There is a chance for the Democ
racy of California to distinguish itself.
The South Carolina platform is perhaps the best
of all. -At any rate it is the only one that has. been
approved outside the convention that adopted it.
The approval was given by \. the Democratic
convention in Indiana, which also adopted it.
It declares: "The Filipinos cannot be citizens with
out endangering our civilization; they cannot be
subjects without imperiling. our form of government;
and as we are not willing to surrender our civilization
or to convert the republic into an empire, we favor
an immediate declaration of the nation's purpose to
give the Filipinos, first, a stable form of govern
ment; second, independence, and, third, protection
from outside interference." ;
The Oregon Democrats said: ;: "We believe that
the true policy is to prepare the people of those isl
ands (the Philippines) for self-government as speed
ily as possible,, and when so prepared, to grant them
independence, retaining such coaling stations and
ports as may be' necessary to -protect those islands
from foreign interference "and to maintain our trade
relations in the Orient:"
That plarjk makes a showing of a policy, and while
it lacks definiteness it is at least intelligible. , The
Filipinos are to be permitted to establish a govern
mentf'when peace is restored," and they are to be
given independence when their government becomes
"stable." Such propositions may be vague, but they
are preferable to the, Illinois plan of merely de
nouncing every thing, the Republicans have done.
' The Kansas Democrats perpetrated something like
a joke in declaring*: '^"We indorse the po§ition s taken
by- the Democratic of the National Con
gress with respect to the duty of the Government of
the United States toward the Philippine Islands and
their people." The humor of. the declaration lies in
the fact that the .Democrats,. of Congress took no
position on the subject, and their views range all the
way from one extreme to' the other. --
once announce. to'; the^people ;of the Philippines that
when peace is restored they shall be allowed to es
tablish ? government of their own, and that \yhen
such stable government is established they shalFbe
given their independence:"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1902.
FRIDAY ...........JUNE 27, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS,, Proprietor. ."¦
/ iitttt 111 Ccttjccaittticiii (0 W. 8. LEAKE, Miug:r.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You T\ lib.
fTBLICATIOJf OFFICE... Marlcrt and Third. S. F.
I DITOHIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTeniOB St.
Delivered t»y Carrier*. 15 Cent" Per Week.
Blnsrle Copse*. 5 CentH. .
Term* T»r Mail, Including Postasrei
CAILY CALL (lncluflinf Sunfisy). one year $6.00
DAILT CALX, flnclufilnr Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAILT CALL. Oncludlnar Sunday). S months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Eln*le Month «5o
fCNDAT CALL. On« Tear 1-80
RXEKLT CALL. On« Tear »-00
All pomtmantcrm are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
6*mple copies will be forwarded when requested.
¦fall robeertbers m ord^rln« cha: -e of addreto should' be'
rarUcslar to elv* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
(AIvLAXD OFFICE 1113 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kt&igcr fereiga AAvertiimg, Mtrjnetts Building, Chittgi
OLocr Distance Telephone "Central 2C19.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHEX B. SMITH oO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAJR.LTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria. Hotel; A. Brent ana. SI Union Square;
l-'urrsy Hill Hotel. :' \
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherm&a Roaee; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
fresxa&t Bouse; Auditorium Hotel.
XrASHIJfGTOjr CD. C> OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., If. W.
BXOR.TOI7 E. CR AXE. Correspondent.
B&AKCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 0:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «3"»
McAllister, cpes ortll 9:80 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open ur.til
9:30 o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. ¦ 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-6econd and Kentucky. c>sn
until 8 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
6
Call subscriber* contemplating m. chance of
residence dnrlnc tbe summer months can nave
tJieir paper forwarded by mall to their n.*vr
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper vrlll also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent In
all towns on tbe coast.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYERG TOIH FOR THE SUMMER.
OOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO'
OOQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOO ~T* r -__^ —1
*^^P^^5^^ - ooq o o 00 o o ooooooo 00 o o o o o 00 00 00 *Tr*BsVJ5S^
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 'feSSESSffifc
\,^^ ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo "^'^^\
' ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo I
OOOOOOOOOOO O|^"^ — — — —^ — — — — — — . mf) OOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOC r • - '. ' 3QOOOOOOOOOO
00000 00 00000 ti(XT ID f fil T I\fnT A M 00000 ox> 00000
oooooooooooc UvXv vUL vlTlolx\ 20000000.0000
oooooooooooo As Foscd by San Francisco Women. aooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOO * QOQOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooo • oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo -PL. Storv n? 177A a* Tnld
oooooooooooo * lie tJlUl y VI K (V a) lUIU 00,0000000000
oooooooooooc Drfnrr Ihr fjimprn nf 1Q0? oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo BClUrC 111C vaUltTa OI lyJC. oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo This Is Interesting. See It. oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo . oooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOC nii\A*»«<PCi¥t *vn « i » «- * • OOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooo A TfiO vSSCAv OF nALr A oooooeoooooo
ooooooooqooc rKMTIlDU kt*t\ - oooooooooooo
ooooooooqooc % l/CN 1 UKY AuvJ. oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo . . oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo — - oooooooooooo
06000000000c Xu6 Ola ooldier at noms and oooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOO OOQOOOOOOOOO
aooooooooooc How He Lives Ovzr Adafn oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc "uwuvnuwwTw «*guiu oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc fkn l)av« nf 'ni oooooooooooo
0000000000 bo me UayZ VI Ul. aoooo ooooooo
independence Edition
Out June 29//?.
..—.-. j.. ¦ .-..1. so— 3B»s«B»ansms3s—^ag^—i^BMBc»^paas^M^—— «b—— ¦
OOOOOOOOOOOC •.. , JQUOOC OOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOC THE' FOURTH OF JULY fiTDT OOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooo luuiuviMMUl JULI U1KL oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc Fu! Page Sketch in Colors by J. A. Cahill. oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo 1 ¦•¦:'•— r- — oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo "Under the Flag" and "Miss oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc .. T *»,«—*..»» oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo nqpQH JLlDerty oooooooooooo
SSoSSooSfoSS ™ P*S< Ph°to, Worth Cutting Out for a - o o o O o O OOO oooo
oooooooooooc Poster, oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc FftlJRTH AF TUT V FYAniK oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo ruv/tiin ur July EAU1JU3 oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc FROM SAN FDANCTSCft oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc HVAJm^An rKAriCJUMA) oooooooooooo
ooooooooopoc A Composite Photo_by Parmentir. • oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc GETTHE INDEPENDENCE DAY EDITION iiHHoHooo
oooooooooooc v OF THE SUNDAY CALL 0000-00000000
ooo°^o 0 ooooo°c C Price 5 Cents/ - THce 5 Cert,
OOOOOOOOOOO c) OOOOOOOOOOOO
0000 ooooooo 0-0 00000000000000000 oooooooooooo 00 00000000000
OOOOOOQOOQOOOODOOOOOOOOOOOOOD OOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OO OO OO OOO OOQ OO OO OOOOO OO OOO OOWOOO OOO OOO OOOOO OO OOO OO 00 OO
' ¦ ¦ONE of the attractive features of
the Pythian week next August
will be the appearance ; of the
membership of the Dramatic Or
der of the Knights of Khorassan,
which, to the order of the Knights of
Pythias, is what the Shriners are to the
Masonic fraternity. The work of the
Khorassan is very similar to that of the
Shriners and the palaces in which it con
ducts its ceremonies have been designated
the fun courts of the Pythians.
The members wear a uniform composed
Jacob Stern brought .a suit for.' $5000
damages against James D. Phelan yester
day.- He alleges that he has suffercl
damage to that extent by Phelan's claim
ing a piece : of ¦ nroperty at Seventh and
Market streets.
Sues Fhelan for Damages.
Charges Against Policemen.
H. P. Goldstein, who is employed in
the Tax Collector's office, preferred
charges before the Police Commissioners
yesterday of battery,' intimidation and
unofflcerllke conduct against Policemen
W.-W. Wilson and G. F. Mulcahey. Clar
ence Lawless, a stepson of Goldstein, wa3
arrested on the night of June 11 by Po
licemen Wilson and Mulcahey and book
ed at the City Prison on a charge of
vagrancy. /The case was disposed of
on June 21 by the 1 Judge dismissing it on
Lawless* promise that he woujd leave the
city. Goldstein saw his stepson arrested,
and remonstrated with the officers, when
he. alleges, they committed the offenses
charged.
Alexander Sharp, a teamster, died last
Tuesday at his residence, 511 San Bruno
avenue, from blood poisoning resultin
from injuries received several days nre"
vious by the crushing of one of his feet
He was in the yard of the freight deDot
of the Southern Pacific Company en
gaged in loading a fly wheel upon his
truck. One of the men who was assist
ing him let Blip hto hold on the wheel,
and it fell on Sharp's foot. Sharp was
a native of Scotland, 54 years of age.
Death of Teamster Sharp.
Each coupon wijl bear the Initials in large
colored letters, M & F, on the face of • the
ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by THE LOTTERY OF THE BENEFI
CENCIA PUBLICA COMPANY:
Drawing June 26, 1902— No. 82,870 wins
$7500; sold In San Francisco, Cal. ¦ No. 71 630
wins J2500: sold In San Francisco, Cal. No
0538 wins $1250; sold in San Francisco Cal.
Nob. .31.7)36, 35, 099, • 50,142. 60,452 and 60.5S8
each win $125; sold in Sao Francisco, Cal. The
following capital prizes were paid by the above
company for the May 22. 1002, drawing-
John M. Hartmann, 510 Second St., San Fran
cisco, Cal.. $3760; Jamea Clarke, 607}$ Natoma
St., San Francisco, Cal., $3750; Frank H
Smith, 308 Munich St., Excelsior Homestead
Ban Francisco, Cal., J1250; paid W. P. Oakes'
mo Market St., San Francisco, Cal., for client'
$1250. • J
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BENEFICENCIA
PUBLICA COMPANY OF SAN FRANCISCO
ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER, 1803. ¦
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from time to time we
would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to see that their tickets read
as follows :
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
The Original Littje Beneflcsncia Pub
lica Company of San Francisco— J
Organized September, 1893. f
OFFICLAX.
u S £' t l, JO *i®'JW G 26 --A-fine automobile
belonging to Millionaire C. A. Baldwin of
Cupertino was stolen last night and mali
ciously wrecked. The carriage house had
been broken into, the machine taken and
used and then sent racing into a fence at
full speed on the road between Baldwin's
ranch and Santa Clara. The machine was
one of the I finest on the coast and was
imported ffcom France at a cost of several
thousand dollars. ¦ '
Baldwin lost no time in getting into
communication with the police about the
bay, and he hopes to recover the machine,
unless the thief shall get out of the State
The, loser Bays the, auto is a specially
built mountain climber.
The Oakland police were advised of the
theft of the machine- to-day, being re
quested by Baldwin to watch diligently
for the fugitive "chug chug" and the
burglarious chauffeur, who is cupposed
to be headed for this city.
According to. the 'mobile owner's com
plaint, he was awakened during the night
at his country residence by a suspicious
noise in the automobile house. Going to
his bedroom window, he was almost
paralyzed by the sight of his valuable
machine speeding down the highway it
disappeared northward. The owner pur
sued his investigations, and discovered
that the thief had picked the lock on tho
barn door and was truly an up-to-date
thief, for the 'mobile was gone sure
enough. . :
The man who stole a red hot stove
would turn green with envy if he could
hear the story of the burglar who pur
loined a $1200 automobile from C. A. Bald
win of Cupertino, Santa Clara County
last night. . '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 26.
Loser -Asks the Oakland
Police to Search for
Machine.
BURGLAR STEALS
A BIG 'MOBILE
The Knights of Khorassan will act as
escort to the Imrierlal Temple and will
take part in the grand paraded It is ex
pected that they will have a night parade,
with fireworks, illuminations and floats.
Royal vizier, D. V, Gelder, Oakland; grand
emir, J. C. Lohmeyer; venerable shlek, H.
Schaffner; mahedl, G. S. Bachman; mokanna,
Godfrey Rueger, Benlcia; joe, James A. Wilson;
menial, A. P. Codlngton; sahib, W. C, Loh
meyer.
The following are the officers of Zerin
Kapi Temple, who will act a3 hosts to the
visitors:
Imperial prince, Frank H. Clarke, Detroit,
Mich.; imperial basha, John H : Holmes St.
Louis; imperial kadi, W. D. Hadfleld, Peorla,
111..; Imperial secretary, H. W. Beldlng. St.
Louis; Imperial treasurer, C. B. Fraser, Garden
Grove, Iowa; Imperial adool, D. F. Summcy,
Charlotte, N. C. ; imperial trustees, H. Schaff
ner, San Francisco: C. A. Poland, Columbus,
O.; W. A. Fraper. Dallas, Tex.; Imperial ifklr,
William Beatty, Toledo, O.
of short jackets of bright material, either
of velvet, silk, satin or plush, trimmed
with gold lace and studded with gold but
tons. Their wide, flowing trousers are
made of bright colored cloth and the tur
ban is the head dress. They also wear the
sash and carry the scimiter. The order
was instituted six years ago at Mil
waukee and has flourished ever since,
having at present eighty temples with 18.
000 Knights in the United States, which
are all under the jurisdiction of the Im
perial Palace, the supreme body of which
will hold its biennial conclave here in
August
The local temple is called Zerin Kapl
and there is one at Los Angeles called Al
Borak, each having a good membership.
The Imperial Temple will be in this city
during Pythian week and will hold its ses
sions in the Palace Hotel, where its head
quarters will be established. The follow
ing named are the dignitaries of the im
perial body:
MURASKY BREAKS
DIVORCE RECORD
Severs Bonds of Six
Unhappy Couples in
Sixty Minutes.
Six divorces in sixty minutes is now
the record at the City Hall. It is held
by Judge Murasky, who,, between • the
hours of 11 and 12 yesterday sev
ered the bonds uniting twelve unhappy
husbands and wives, and made them free
to try once, again a voyage on the some
times stormy matrimonial sea. The
grounds on which the divorces were
granted were desertion and neglect, the
charge of desertion being made by the
husbands, and three wives pleaded.ne
glect.
Divorces on the first mentioned ground
were granted to Christian F. Larscn from
Nellie A. Larsen, Frederick R. Collins
from Louise M. Collins and Charles H.
Devoll from Beatrice J. Devoll.
¦ The charge of neglect waa the means
of freeing Athena Constantine from Cos
ma Constantine, Ella Pepperdlne from
Silas M. Pepperdine and Juliette Roberts
from Eugene Roberts. • . .
Judge Hebbard granted Harry J. Hutt
a divorce from Emma A. Hutt yesterday.
. Judge Sloss made an order directing W.
F. Hopkins of the Hopkins Investment
Company to pay to Ida W. Hopkins, who
is suing him for divorce, $100 a montn
alimony pending the result of the suit.
The order also provides for the payment
by Hopkins of $100 counsel fees and $25
costs. .
J. M. Wallace, who alleges that she
was deserted by E. C. Wallace last June,
filed a suit for divorce yesterday. They
were married at San Jose in August, 1888.
FOUR OF THE OFFICERS OF THE DRAMATIC ORDER OF THE KHOR-*
ASSAN, KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS, WHO WlfcL TAKE PART IN THE
CEREMONIES NEXT AUGUST.
"Very well," said the court, "vou can
have until July 16 to prepare your fur
ther evidence." * ¦ • ,
¦ "If the court pleases," said Savage "I
can provide further evidence. I would
like- to have leave to amend my com
plaint. These so-called, friends of Mrs
Anthony seem to be anxious to force me
to extremes. It seems to me that the
condition of this couple at present is due
to meddlers." ;
"He comes here upon his release be
fore a year is up, visits her and on the
very day the year is up brings a suit
for divorce. I fall to see how, under the
laws pf this State, you have proved de
sertion. I do not know that Mrs. An
thony's mind is unsound. The mere fact
that she visited me and told me she did
not wish to contest the suit is not proof
that she is insane, and I do not think her
refusal to appear gives you a right to a
decree by ' default. I think there are
many divorces granted I by default that
would not be granted were opportunity
to investigate offered."
VISITS -HIS WIFE.
Attorney Savage rested his case upon
the conclusion of Mrs. -Men-Ufa testi
mony, saying to the court:
"I think we have provided prima facie
evidence of desertion, your Honor."
"I don't think so," responded Judge
Hebbard. "As near as I can make out
this man goes to the steamer to see his
wife start for this country with his chil
dren, their destination being hia sister's
home in this city. He insists upon pay
ing their passage>-He Is afterward ar
rested on a, charge of treason and is only
saved from death through his wife's ef
forts and money.
"Why are they there?"
"Well, it is the best place for them.
My brother and .his wife were always
having trouble at my house and I sent
them there." \
HAD FBEQUENT BOWS.
"Where are the Anthony children
Mrs. Merritt?" asked Attorney Savage
"They are with my mother in Sonoma
County."
Anthony also came to this city after
his release and wnile here frequently
visited his wife and children at Mrs.
Merritt's home, where Mrs. Anthony had
returned after securing the interference
of 1 the United States Government in her
husband's behalf.
The suit for divorce was brought after
he had taken his wife to the hospital.
Mrs. Merritt's testimony was corrobor
ative of that of her brother, in so much
as it referred to the visits of the doctor
to his wife, and the efforts of Mrs. An
thony to save her husband from the
death of a spy. She said Mrs. Anthony
received several letters from Anthony
while he was in the land of the Boers.
"What effect had these Ietter3 on Mrs.
Anthony?" she was asked.
"She was always sick after she got
them," replied Mrs. Merritt.
"Do you know what they contained?"
"No, I do not She very often read a
few sentences-from them to me, and on one
occasion tore a letter up and thew it
into the fire. She always got angry when
reading her letters." •
He admitted that Mrs. Anthony spent
her own money in her efforts -to save
him, finally succeeding, and returned to
this city.
USED HEB. OWN MONEY.
Continuing, Anthony told how his wif3
left him in South Africa, admitting that
he partly paid her fare, and how he went
to the steamer to see her off. She came
to this city and took up her residence
v;Ith his sister, remaining there all the
time, except when she went to Washing
ten to save his life, he having been ar
rested on a charge of treason by the Brit
ish and sentenced to be shot.
The strange part of the entire affair is
that Mrs. Anthony visited Judge Hebbard
Wednesday and informed him that she
did not. wish, to contest Anthony's suit
and appeared perfectly willing to allow
Anthony to obtain a decree by default.
This action on the part of Mrs. Anthony
led Judge Hebbard to believe that there
was something queer about the proceed
ii gs and in consequence he refused to
grant the decree on the testimony offered.
Dr. Anthony was the tirst witness ex
amined. He denied using force in taking
his wife to the sanitarium, and in expla
nation said: "I took my wife to thq sani
tarium because she was suffering from
nervous prostration some time before the
occasion mentioned by her friends. She
ts-caped from there and came to the home
of my sister, Mrs. J. T. Mer
ritt, where I and our two chil
dren were residing, and I could do noth
ing else but take her back to the sanita
rium, as she frightened the children. 1
used no force."
SEES JUDGE HEBBAHD.
Pr. Richard S. Anthony of South African
fame failed to prove in Judge Hebbard's
court yesterday that his i wife, Christina
J. Anthony, had deserted him and the di
vorce proceedings brought by him were
pyt over until July 16 to enable his attor
neys to produce other evidence, which
they claim they are able to do.
The case is an interesting one, owing to.
the prominence of the couple and the'sen
sational charges made by several friends
of -Mrs. Anthony, who accuse the doctor
of attempting to get rid of his wife by
confining her in a sanitarium.. Affidavits
to this r effect were made by D. J. 3.
Michau, Mrs. Marie Michau and Dr.
Frederick L.utz. These affiants averred
that the efforts of Anthony to secure a
divorce constituted a deep-laid scheme
avid that his wife's confinement in a pan
itarium was but part of the plot. Mrs.
Anthony, they said, when they saw her at
the local branch of the St. Helena Sani
tarium, whither she had been taken by
Anthony, was v prostrated and very ner
vous as the result of her husband's treat
ment. She told them at that time, they
said, that her husband had used force in
bringing her there, and told her that he
Intended keeping her in confinement for
six months. ,
Judge Hebbard Refuses to
Grant Him Divorce on
Showing Made.
South African Doctor Is
¦ Given More Time to.
Gather Evidence. ,
ANTHONY CASE
IS CONTINUED
THE SAJST FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1902.
KNIGHTS OF KHORASSAN WILL
FURNISH FUN FOR PYTHIANS
L
7
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
tfL Steamers leave San Fran-
wgMfcs-, cisco as follows:
wSaaggfis. For Ketchikan, Juneau.
R«V&1 vjftl Change to company's steaxn-
' IBOar^cS&ai ers at Seattle.
r*^B8&Bm For Victoria. Vancouver.
Po rt Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
T*» coma. Everett. Whatcom —
11 a m. June SO, July 5. 10, 15. Change at
Seattle- to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to
N P Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
July 1. 6, 11, 16. , ,
For Lo** Angeles (via Port I>os Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursday. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port ITartford (San
Luts 'Obispo. Ventura, Hueneme and 'Newport
(•Corona only).
Corona. June 27. July 5, 13.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 1, 9.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. July 8.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or tail-
ing dates.
TICKT7J! OTTFTCE — * Ncw Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen Agents,
C. D DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agt..
' 10 Market St.. San Franclsca
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
LEAVE SEATTLE:
VALENCIA 9 P- m., July 5 (about)
SENATOR 9 P- m.» Ju!y 16 (about)
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
The new and elegant steamships Senator and
Valencia made regular trips to Nome- last
year, landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
and Nome folder, apply .-.?•-..
TT(rK"FT CFTPTCE— * Ne w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen Agents,
C. T> DUN ANN. Gen. Pass. Agt..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R.& N. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or..
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, as
LOWEST Ja-ATES.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
ES. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 22, July 2, 12. 23
6S. GEO. W. ELDER Sails. .June 27. July T. 17
Steamer sails from toot of Spear-st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S.y.
XJ. S. m/%IL* ROUTE.
¦
llPP*^ SAILINGS,
\\ KOBTHEBK COMEROECO.
"Will dispatch its first-class steamers, carrying
United States malls, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows:
From San Francisco
S. S. PORTLAND.... ...About July B
S. S. ST. PAUL About July 10
From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO July «
S. S. INDIANA July 28
Connecting at Nome with steamer Saldle.
carrying United States mail, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City,
Golovnin and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
DawBon, Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and baggage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.",
645 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
. Puget Sound Agent, Seattle. Wash.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana ds Vapora;
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m. .
AREQUIPA July. lfGUATEM ALA... Aug 3
PERU July 23'COLOMBIA AugTlS
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
" (No change, at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. SI 8 California st.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., cen. Agents.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney.'. ..Thursday. July 3, 10 a. m,
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. July 12, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday. July 15. 10 a. m.
1. 1). SPEECIELS k EEOlCa. GfiHSral Id, 329 MIX
Gea'l Pass. Pica, 613 mat SL, Pig Hi 7. Paclls n
COaPAQNIS GENERALS TSANaATLAirnWS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <35L5jCa
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42," *irira™»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second-
class to Havre. $45 and upward-. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FoF^rr^iAw^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE ; or M0NT1CELLQ
8-45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 6O
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS-
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
It Is an accepted fact, a proven fact,
that dandruff is a germ disease; and it is
also a demonstrated fact that Newbro's
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ. With-
out dandruff falling hair will stop, and
thin hair will thicken. Herpicide not only
kills the dandruff germ, but it aiso makes
hair as soft as Eilk. It is the most delight-
ful /hair dressing made. It cleanses the
scalp* from dandruff and keeps it. clean
and healthy. Itching- and irritation are in-
stantly relieved and permanently cured.
At all druggists'. There's nothing "just as
good." Take np substitute. Ask for
"Herpicide."
druff Germs, and Makes Hair Soft.
New Scientific Treatment Kills Dan-
HAIR SOFT AS SILK.
Mellin's Food does not
overtax the infant's stom-
ach with insoluble, indi-
gestible or unsuitable ma-
terial. Mellin's Food is
nourishing and comforting.
/ SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OF MELLIN'S FOOD.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
ADVEBTISSMUNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Solid Oak Rocker, with
genuine leather seat, $2.
Entire houses, flats and ho-
tels furnished. Credit and
free delivery within ioo
| miles. :_v-
I T. BRILLIANT
I FURNITURE CO.
1 338-343 POST STREET,
a Opposite Union Square.
Vl¥m H H Si 11 V n^ffijffijlffl
Oppression, Suflbcatfoa, Neuralgia, etc., enred by
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES.orPOWDER
Paris, J, ESPIC ; New York, E. POUGERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL. DRUGGISTS
yO^ VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
4£3r*^l& MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
»P*S^Mi<8?i»\ years by the leaders of the
KgW?.fS t K>'g[ Mormon Church and their
EsgSKSsyjJSsl followers. Positively cure the
E-VWi'iftis&Ss ¦worst cases in old and young
K&l arising from effects of self-
Vv^jftlfi^Sf abuse, dissipation, excesses or
T&ct&y&Jr cigarette-smoking. Cure lost
\£&b&£? Manhood. Impotency, Lost
TmniiTr' Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back, Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, ._. Varicocele or Con-
stipation, ¦ Stop Ner **> 1 J vous Twitching: of
Eyelids, Effects are iwi^r* Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *» D ™ * » ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis fct..
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
and 40 Third st.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great &
Museum of anatohy^
0 M0 ¦ ' 1551 UA22SI 27; *«'• 6:i47th, S.P.Csl, >
\ $4. ,,, T1 >e LarrestAsatotnical Museum in the \
0 mmnteim. Z Otl<L w «»kne«»e$ or any contracted A
%. K§£W * S "«»»" I "'- I 7 wed by the oldest?
O /|»jE3l Specialist on the Co«t EstsSyeais. ©
$ SIIkJlI DSm J ORDAN-D1SEASES OF MEN A
\ lW99H Consultation free and ittictfr private. \
9 1 iv<X B l! eitment pe"onilly or by l-tt«r. A A
\ 8 S n B Pontne """•"»e»erjr case undertaken. T
OF I llW ' <v 'ite fir Booit, PHlLO.sUI'n Y ef >
\ H II BiRBMCE, HAILED FKE2. ( A. V
A (S . u< valuable book for men) \
r DSt. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
HSigJjK. WONG WOO. ¦
i^JKB CHINESE TEA AND
JL -iv HERB SANITARIUM
'HP 3 7C4rC6 Clay St., S. P., CaL
IV»» 7 BERKELEY, Cal., June 6,
¦j>m4sm&k~ Dr. Wongr Woe— Dear
•^xSW'MSv Sir: With Pleasure I tes-
*£w8jM!jffly tlfy to yout marvelous
""*"••' i skill and knowledge, hav-
ing been a great sufferer from rheumatism
for more than four years. My case pronounced
incurable by several physicians, I was per-
suaded to try your remedies. Four months'
treatment resulted in a complete cure, and a
gain In weight of seventy pounds. I attribute
my good health entirely to your medicine. Cor-
dially yours, MRS. N. J. ABBOTT. 2122 Cen-
ter street. ¦ -
All diseases cured exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours
9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
JPdSMSkW&gJI remodr for Gonorrhoea.
£¦'£?'' s P°rmatorrhoea,
Mmr CUntS Whites, unnatural dis-
firaS/ in 1 to 6 cUts. xn charges, or any infiamma.-
««»¥ Qa»r»nteca to w tion, irritation or olcera-
f» «¦ PrtTeot coamloa. tion of mucous mem-
KSItheEmns Cheu.calCo. "goTJ'by d^SS"
*fflS&CINCMNATI,O.J|gg or Bent , n pU , a wrappcr>
JJEgSffck. u - 3- A ">4«2si b 7 expreas. prepaid, tor
I 1 .- 00 '. 0 * 3 to" 168 . &»•
a B Circular seat on request.
OCEAN STnAMEBS.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 d m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), I Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on dav
of sailing. - T
SS. HONGKONG MARU
.Saturday, June 28"* *1902
SS. NIPPON MARU... Thursday, July 24* 190^
SS. AMERICA MARU f . . 1JKr ~
......... ......... Saturday, August l«"l9Q2
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freight and passage apply at company's "office
421 Market street, corner First. ««"ce,
W. H. AVERY. Agent.
AMERICAN LIKE. ~—
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON
Kensing*n.July 1, 2 pmlPhila July 0 10 am
Bt. Louis. July 2, 10 ami St. Paul. July 16. 10 am
ltEU STAR LINE.
.' :. NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Zeeland...July 5. noonlVaderl'd, July 10. noon
Friesland.July 12, noonlKroonl'd. July 28. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
CHAS, d; TAYLOR. O.A.P.C.,80 Montgom'y Bt.
Fischer's Theater.
ONLY ( TIMiBS
5 mORE
I OF 1
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Then comes the great triple bill of burlesques.
"POUSSE CAFE,"
"ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA"
And "A ROYAL FAMILY."
First evening** entertainment NEXT MON-
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
" No Advance In Pricea.
A VAUDEVILLE BREEZE!
Eailen and Fuller; Mr. and Mrs.
Waterous; Sisson and Stewart;
3>ave Lewis, and the Biograph..
I<ast times of Eleanor Falk and
Her Chorus of Ten Girls; Bedini
and Arthur; Loris and Altina, and
Swan and Bambard.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony. 10c; box Beats
and opera chairs. 50c
Evenine* at 8 eharp.
Matinee Saturday at 2 sharp.
'•TALK ABOUT TO 1 LUCK."
It'e sure to come to s - ou if you see
THE
IDOL'S EYE
"KOOTT moN.'»
A WORLD OP MIRTH AND MUSIC.
NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
TOPULAIl PRICES— 25c, JSCc. 75c.
_ Telephone Bush 9.
Powell street, near Market. •
THIS SUPERB PRODUCTION WILL BE
CONTINUED FOR
ANOTHER WEEK.
ilatinees Wednesday and Saturday at 2 sharo
CHARLES FROHJIAN presents
Henry Miller, Margaret Anglin
And a SPECIAL COMPANY in Arthur W. Pln-
ero'a four-act comedy,
THE GAY LORD QUEX
After its run of
¦ 4OO NIGHTS IN LONDON. —
Seats for the second week of "The Gay Lord
Quei" now ready— Prices $1 50 to 25c.
GOOD-BY WEEK.
FAREWELL MATINEE 'SATURDAY OP
MR. JAMES HEILL AND COMPANY
Presenting the Funny Farce,
"NIOBE."
SUNDAY EVENING —^
MR. FREDERICK W4RDE,
Assisted by the strongest company ever or«n-
tzfed for the classic and romantic drama.
PresenUng on an Elaborate Scale. ;
"FBANCESCA DA RIMINI."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
TO-NIGHT- ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In David Belasco's Great Play.
Beats new tellinff for all this and next week,
including-
MATINEE FRIDAY. JULY 4.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
MA UDE FEA L Y
EDWARD MORGAN
In an Elaborate Production of
The Two Orphans.
The Greatest Melodrama Ever Written..
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15e. '25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
—NEXT WEEK—
Maude Fealy and Edward Morgan in "FAUST."
a Hvl li Ir^f aJk § bclasco
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE 6ATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
•The Thrilling Melodrama which S«nsationalized
Greater New York, THE
ROAD
TO RUIN.
Eee th« Great Underground Railway Scene.
The Sensation of the Season.
I DTrCC Evenings 10c to 60c
1 Kltt J Matinees 10c. 15c 25c
K«xt Week— "SINS OF THE NIGHT."
M CHUTES!
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVER* AFTERNOON
AAD LVEMNG.
TWIN SISTERS MEREDITH; TWO LITTLE
PUCKE; WEBBER AND ELLIOTT; NEL-
LIE MONTGOMERY; KELLY AND KENT;
MURPHY AND SLATER, AND NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
Dally and Nlsrhtly! Don't Fall to Se«
Hardy Downing Loop the Loop
And MME. SCHELL'S PERFORMING LIONS.
Admission 10c Children 5c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND eATURDAY, 3:13
P. M, SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vsTIoS ANGELES.
RECREATION PA RFC.
Eighth and Harrison ets.
Advance Sale or Scats, S Stockton et.
nil II 111 lUlln-r™ r^
t^lu Havana Filler
w FL0R0D0RA " BANDS an
ef same value as tags front
" STAR." •• HORSB SHOE.'"
"SPEARHEAD.""STANDARD NA Vf"
•• OLD PEACH & HONEY."
"SAW LOG." " OLE VARGINY"
cr" MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
\ .8 l.i_i_. J— .„ mil mm m*
Pal ana Desirable location.
LUIUVW unsurpassed cuisine,
uncqualed ser-
qtiA v ' ce . an( * modem
dliii conveniences are the
attributes that have
CtfrtnA made these tWO 1 ?°"
UrdllU * els popular with
tourists and travel-
Hotels &„£». vUit San
Beds, Chairs, Stoves, Etc.
1 Vff TV Tents for Rent and for Sale.
I A fl/B I 9 G.uns.Rifles.Fishing Tackle
I /| 01 B-* nrt<i Hportins Goods. Sftn<1
li Lm lllS for Catalogue. SHREVE &
WXJLJLI.M.M. BARBER CO.. 7JU Market
et., and 511 Kearny Bt.
PATENTS* 3
330 MARKEfsT. S iJR^aSS^
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from < a. m. to 11 p. rr..
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADM1SIS0N J0c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing Including: admission 25c Children, 20c,
AMTTSEJffENTS.
OCEAIT STRATffEBS.Temperature at Sen Francisco st 7 a. xn..
50 decrees. .^
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Then* -lias b»«?n bot little change in pressure
durirp the past twenty-four hours on the Pa
cific rslope. A marked depresffon overlies Utah,
Arizona and New Mexico, and will cause high
msterly winds generally ov«r the southern lialf
of rhf Pacific fflope'.
Th<? temperature ha« remained ' nearly *t«-
ISonsry and in t*»* Rreat valleys of. California
is fclijrhtly h^low the rormal.
Forepart ma<3» at San yrar.cir.ro for thirty
hours '-n<iins ir.i<2nirht. June 27. 1902:
Northern Cailfoniia — Fair Friday; light
ncuthfrlj uin-J* !r. the interior; brisk to high
Tvr>£twly winds on the roast.
. Sovtlwra Cali'cmia— Cloudy Fridjty: brltk
•>cuthw»st ivind*.
>:n-aca— Fair . I-V.day: brisk , to-, high west
wiads. ....
Exchange and; Bullion. \
Sterling Exchange, 00 days....' — 4 S6'i
Sterling Exchange, sight. — 4 8S?i
Sterling. Cables ¦ — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight..... — ' 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic , — 17%
Silver, per ounce '. . — V.v'. 5^94
Mexican; Dollars, nominal ~ - 45%
! Wheat and-Othcr Grains.
-..V'""-
WHEAT — Paris futures were higher. It waa
a holiday at Liverpool. j
Chicago was %c -higher, but featureless. The ;
professionals were buylnsr. one house taking;
l,Of>0T00O bushels Septembrr. • .
The facts ' regarding the scramble for wheat
in the San Joaquin Valley are slowly coming
out. It now appears that a large district, here
tofore the particular field of a powerful Inter
est, Is being invaded by shippers, who are over
bidding the old Interest . In order . to . get ' the
grain. The farmers are getting the benefit of
this flEht, as they are recel\*ing away over the
normal quotations for their holdings. As pre
viously mentioned, as high 1 as $1 20 has been
paid, whereas the current quotation for No. 1
shipping Is $1 12%. Choice milling Is In de
mand everywhere/ with sales near by San
Francisco at $1 20. Futures rule dull, as will
be seen below. ¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping., $112^4; milling. $115
©1 20 per ctl. ¦ • - ¦: .
, . , .. CALL BOARD SALES. . .
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— -No. sales. ¦
1 Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning SeEslon — No Bales. >
Afternoon" Session — December — 2000 - ctls.
$1 14 Vi.
BARLEY— The San Francisco market con
tinues dull and not materially changed, but as
In -the case of wheat. San Francisco buyers are
paying more in the country than In this mar
ket. Some sales of brewipg' grades as high. as
$1 02% have been made in the interior, said to
be for" shipment. ,' This figure ' Is . out ¦ of th?
quo.ition here.
New F^ed. JiOSfOSsic; ¦ old Feed, -95@9614c:
brewing. e«U@07%e; Chevalier, $1 20 asked for
standard. . - . • , ' • . ' • . ¦-'.:
CALL BOARD SALES.
"informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
. Second Session— No sales'. . Y ;
Regular Morning ' Session — December — 2000
ctls,.S3%c. ; •> ; . ¦>'¦:;¦
. Afternoon Session — No sales. •
. OATS— Offerings of new Reds are steadily ln-
TUB COAST RECORD.
There was nothing new on the exchanges,
trading In all classes of stocks being dull.
' The French^Savlngs Bank has . declared a
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 3 6-10 per
cent* per annum on term deposits and 3 per
cent on ordinary, payable July 1.
The governing committee of the New York
Stock Exchange has decided that it can take
no action in the controversy between the buy
ers and sellers of the bonds of the United
Railroads of San Francisco, as they, are not
listed on the exchange, and the committee
has no Jurisdiction over the curb, where the
transactions took place. It further says that
the matter is one for the courts to decide.
The Thirty-Three- Oil Company will pay a
dividend of 10c on July 7. and Imperial Oil
one of 20c on the same date.
The Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion has declared a dividend for the year end
ing June 30 at the rate of 5 per cent per an
num on ordinary deposits. 6 per cent on term
deposits and 8 per cent on installment stock.
The Potosi Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 5 cents. ..
The following quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York, by Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co.: Common stock. $23 62%@24 12U- Dr «.
f erred. $03 50064 25; bonds. $1)0 bid for $100
000. or. any part. cash, or sellers' option- sub
scrlptlons, $102 50. , ' uo
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
''.-.* THURSDAY. June 20—2 p. ¦ m.
UNITKD STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I' -\ Bid Ask.
4s qr coup.-llOvMlll^, 4aqrcp(new)135 ia«
4s qr reg....lO9!<sllG\ 1 s «s qr coup. ..107 los
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A.W 5s. OHi — Oak W G 5s. 10411 _
Bay CPC 5s. 108% — [Oceanic S r»s.-97ij _
C C G&E 5s.lO5% 106% (Omnibus 6s — im
Cal-st.5s....ll9 — PacGIm4s. 9S __
,C Costa 5s.. Ill 111*, Pk & c H«s.l07<-'.lir>
Ed L & P Csl29% Pk & O ROs — -ii%
Fer&C H 0s. — 123 Pivl-st R 6s. — _
Geary-st-5s.. — , Sac EGR 5s. — mil'
H C&S 5%s.lO2 : — SF & S JJ"5s. 121 3i J o-x*
-Do- 5s .....: 97 — , Slertar'cal Cs iTa 71
L Ang R 5s.U8%119%rs P|of A Cs '
LA L. Co 63.103!, — . (If<j9) 1145; _
DbgtJ 6s. — — ' (TOIO) . '. ...Hsu! :
Do gtd 5«.lC3!i — JJ-P of C »»s
L A & P Ss.lOOVi :(190rOSr A.107 — .
Do lem 5s. 100% " (1905)Sr B.107« ' T
Mkt-st C t>s.l27y*128}i \ (1906) . ..vIllO —
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLE
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, June 26.— WHEAT— Unchanged
Bluestem, 65%c; club, 64%c. -
. OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 26.— WHEAT — Valley,
66%@67c; bluestem, 67@CSc: Walla Walla,, 66c.
Northern . Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. June 25. — Clearings, $368,084;
balances, $85,776.
TACOMA, June 26.— Clearlnsrs, $215,039; bal
ances. 520,080.
SPOKANE. June 26. — Clearings. $262,999;
balances, $2«,H9. ' :
SEATTLE, June 26. — Clearinss, $744,S32;
balances, $ns. 139.
Northern Business.
FLOW OF BIVERS.
t Tna following table- rives a comparattYa
statement for several years of th» estimated
flow of .'certain California rivers in cubic feat
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California, miner* a inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures ara by
J. B. Llppincott, hydrographer of United States
Geological Survey:
nSOtb Meridian— Pacific Time.)
RAN* FRANCIECO. June 26. 5 p. m
Weather Report
••The weather hae bwn favorable for fruit
c.i a.11 kinds, and the only complaints this week
are from Douglas County, where It is re
ported that peaches are dropping badly. Straw
berry shipments from Hood River have nearly
ended."
"Correspondents generally report -that while
the crops have made rapid advancement and
have not yet been injured by drought, more
rain is needed, and the indications are that
tie showers in the Willamette Valley, which
began Monday (after most of the correspond
ents had mailed their reports), will spread to
the eastern sections of the State by Tuesday,
and be of great benefit to spring grain and
ail late crops.
"Fall v.heat continues filling nicely and the
bulk of the crop is now too far advanced to
be injured by hot winds. Spring-sown grain
is maktr.g excellent progress. The grain n.phis
ie reported as having done some injury to fall
wheat in portions of Linn County, but all
crope £O far this year have been unusually
free from insect peets. Oats are heading rather
short in some sections of the Willamette Val
ley. Barley is beginning to ripen • and turn
yellow.
"Thp first crop of alfalfa has been harvested
and the second crop is growing nicely. A
large amount of clover wac cut and safely se
cured during the week. Pastures and range
eras* ar» drying up, but the condition of stock
is excellent. Corn, hops, potatoes, onions,
gardens and cngar be*t« continue doincr welL.
The report of Edward A. Beats, section
director. United States Weather Bureau, for
the Oregon Crop Bulletin, week ended June
24. is as follows:
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
NEW YORK. June 26.— The day wan ob
served as a holiday in the London metal mar
ket.' The New York market for tin was easy
in tone but- not quota bly changed, with' spot
New York Metal Market:
WASHINGTON, June 26.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $204,806,718; gold, $100,751 .
S25. lfrfr"~l¥lT'iii'>l l irBlll>lfili I
Condition of the Treasury.
¦ NEW YORK. June 26. — Money on .call,
steady, at 2 %@3 per cent; closing bid and
asked, 2%®2»i . per cent. Prime mercantile
paper, 4%S'5'' per cent. Sterling exchange
steady at recession, with actual business- In
bankers' bills. at $4 S7fi' for demand and at
%i 85'.i for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 8«@
4 S8»A and $4 SS%<S/4 89. ' Commercial bills
$4-S4i:4@l 85%.- Bar silver. 52?ic. Mexican
dollars. 42%c. • : Government-- bonds, easier-
State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, firm. • '
Nciv York Money Market.
Prices rule from.3?ic to 6%c for all grades
Apricots in boxes are quoted at 10%@14c and
likbags at 10%@12c. ' Peaches are slightly more
actite.'" Peeled 12@16c and unpeeled 9%@l0c
The market for evaporated apples Is quiet
and without quotable change.- Spot supplies
are firmly held on the basis of 7@9%c ¦ for
common to good and 10c 'for prime; choice, at
10%@10»4C and fancy at He. •
In California products prunes continue fairly
active, chiefly for export account, though there
Is a moderate Jobbing -demand noted.
DRIED FRUITS
SUGAR— Raw, weak; fair refining, 2 13-16c;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3 5-16c; molasses sugar,
2 9-10c. Refined was unsettled.
• Futures closed firm and 5@10 point higher
Total sales 22,000 bags. Including: July, 4.75
@4.85c; September, 4.75c; October, 5c; Novem
ber, 5.10c; January, 5.30c; March, 5.40c; May
5.50c. ...-.-. . / , .
WHEAT — Receipts, - 127,300 bushels; exports,
99,445 bushels. Spot, firm; No." 2. red. 79%o
elevator; No. 2 red, 79%@80T&c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 81?4c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, S4%c f. o. b. afloat.
After a brief opening setback due to fine
weather, wheat developed a strong undertone
and advanced ¦ all day, chiefly on September,
the crowd getting out of July and Into that
option. Just at the close prices yielded a little
to realizing and July left off -%c lower, with
other months V4c higher.- July, 78 13-16@79^ic,
closed 79c; September,' 76%@77%c, closed
77%c; December, 77%@78 ll-16c, closed 78%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Dull. . J
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot -Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5'4c; mild, steady; Cordova, ¦ 8@U%c.
NEW YORK, June 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
40,082 barrels; exports, 24,780 barrels. Market
quiet but steadier. • -.*¦* -¦ 'j ~:
NEW YORK, June 26. — To-day's market was
still duller than that of yesterday, and except
for the large dealings In St. Paul and the con
siderable activity in Missouri Pacific and
Amalgamated there was almost nothing worthy
of note. The approach of the month's end,
which ¦ is also the end of the fiscal year Tor
many corporations, and the extra requirements
upon the money market incident to the period
were undoubtedly an Important factor in re
pressing activity. The Stock Exchange cus
tom is for loans made on Friday to carry over
until Monday, so that to-morrow is looked for
ward to with some solicitude. ¦ The call money
market was quite active to-day, but was free
from flurry and what was regarded with still
greater sati traction, foreign exchange receded
a fraction. Bankers' loan bills were In the
market thus replenishing the supply, while the
holiday in London and the cessation of the
dribbling liquidation of stocks from that source
lightened the demand for exchange.' The fear
of gold withdrawals was thus removed. Al
though the London market was closed the en
couraging news regarding the condition of the
King of England has some influence In keep
ing the local market firm. The feature of the
day was the demand for St. Paul, resulting in
a rise of nearly 2. The movement was osten
sibly based on the good reports of ' spring
| wheat prospects. The buying was attributed
¦ to the Western speculative element, but there
were. Indications of some further diversity In
the sources of buying. ' The fact that a full
supply of preliminary literature was in circu
lation this morning indicated that the move
ment was under professional -guidance. - St.
Paul was the only sustaining force of the mar
ket, although there was a collateral movement
in Union Pacific The contract of the Penn
sylvania Railroad and the Postal Telegraph
Company for the use of the former rights of
way seemrd to have a depressing effect on
some of the stocks In a decline of 1% in
Western Union. There was eome strength in
Amalgamated Copper, without* any news bear
ing on trade conditions to explain the buying
The coalers were almost entirely neglected"
and Reading closed with a small loss. The
coal operators give decided dentals to rumors
of measures of conciliation with the miners
and of arrangements for the early reopening:
cf the mines. The order of the curtailment of
mining in the Western Pennsylvania bitumin
ous region was put in force to-day
The .May statement of earnings of
Erie and New York, Ontario and Western
ehowed. the -. effects of' the strike .In large
decreases in earnings. The. Chesapeake
and Ohio statement for the third week in June
showed the name - force at work- to lessen the
earning power of the Virginia and West Vir
ginia soft 1 , coal carriers. The market closed
dull and heavy, but generally higher than last
night. • - &;'*»
The bond market was firm. Total eales, par
value. $2,070,000. United States 3s declined
>i per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. T>'. ; |
* Stock— Open. High. ' Low. Close.
Atchison 7,200 82^i 81% 81 «i
Atchison pfd 7.200 101 100»i 100%
Bal & Ohio 500 10CH 106U 105H
Bal & Ohio pfd .... 95*
Canadian Pacific... 6,300 133?« 132% 133
Canada Southern... 200 92 l>2 90
Ches & Ohio £00 47".J 46% 46»i
Chi & Alton S00 ?,8 37U 37 it
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 75 75 - - 74i<!
Chi, Ind & Louis i\iZ.
Chi, Ir.d & L pfd.. 300 86"A 8€>4 so'-"
Chi & E Illinois... 700 189 1S5 1S3«4
C & G TCest 3,400 2»*i 2fl*i *>«u'i
C & G West A pfd. 100 90 90 00#
C & G West B pfd. 300 48% 4S 47J™
Chi & Northwest™ 1,700 251U 250 "50U
Chi, R I A- Pacific. 500 172^ 171% 171??,
Chi T*rm-jfe T ..„ »nU,
Chi Term & T pfd. 200 37% S7U ?,- t ii
O. C. C & St Louis ... iojii
" Colo So 200 31 30»i 30*1
Colo So 1st pfd TAJ?
' Colo <5o 2d pfd 42tf
Del & Hudson 100 176 I7<?" 17414
; Del. L & West 100 278 ' 27S "78
Dep & Rio G *4"
Den & Rio G pfd.. 3.300- J>3»-{, 02% 03
; Erie 6,000 36'* ;;0«i yr.i;
¦ Erie J*t pfd 100 «7ii (!7>| (571?
Erie 2d pfd 100 52% G2"2 52'i
. Great. Nor pfd .... COO 18714 187 1S7-
Hocking Va» ...... COO $U% 8i% 85%
Hocking Val pfd . gj
¦ lilinofs Central 3.400 157«i 157 ] i/ 157>i
Iowa Central ."500 45*' 4S*i 48-1;
lt.wa Central prd.. 1,100 88 Rfi ' <s6»i
, K C Southern 600 3t«l 3314 Vji?
K C Southern pfd. . .... " rA^r
: Lake E AW ['.
i^akr E & W pfd .... j«>5
. Louie & Nash 000 J3."»5i 135%;. I3T.U
Manhettan L 9.300 132 . . 131 . 131 "
New York Stock Market.
j EASTERN MARKETS.
ST. JOSEPH
ST, JOSEPH, Mo., June 26. — CATTLE Re
ceipts, 1100; steady. Natives, $4 S5@8; cows,
and heifers, $1 75@6 50; veals, $3 5O@6; stock
ers and feeders, $2@5 50. •¦:¦¦ :¦
¦ HOGS— Receipts, 8000; light and light mixed.
$ i 45@7 60; medium and heavy, $7 55@7 SO
pigs, $4.25@6 75. ¦ - * W '
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000. Steady. Lambs,
choice, steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 75
@4 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 50@4; Western
sheep. $2 75@4;- native lamba, $4 70@6.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 33.000; to-mor
row, 25,000; left over, 70C0. Slow. 10@15c lower
than early Wednesday.- Mixed and butchers,
$7 25@7 70: good to choice heavy, $7 70@7 85;
rough heavy, $7 30<g)7 CO; light, $7 25@7 45;
bulk of sales, $7 35117 70.
CHICAGO, June 26. — CATTLE— Receipts,
6500, including 250 • Texans. '. Prime beeves
steady, all others lower. -Good to prime steers,
$7 6O@S 40; poor . to medium, $4.75@7 60;
stockers and feeders, $2 50@5 25; cows, $1 40®
4 60; heifers, $2 50@C 50; canners, $1 40@2 50;
bulls, $2 25@4 75; calves, $2 75@4 50; Texas
fed steers, $4@7.
CHICAGO.
Eastern -Livestock Market.
Receipts. were 39,500 pounds, 73 cubes and 2
kegs of Butter. lbs of Eastern Butter 1238
cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs,
27,600. pounds of California Cheese and
pounds of Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20@21c per pound for
fancy, lfHic for firsts and 19c for seconds
dairy, IS^IO^c; store Butter, leiglSc per
pound. -
CHEESE — New, 9® 10c;. old. nominal: Young
America, 10@10^ic: Eastern. 13@15c per lb
" EGGS — Ranch. 18@18>4c for fancy, 17@17}£c
for good and 16%c for fair; store, 15@lt>V{iC per
dozen; Eastern Eggs, nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
This market was very weak, with receipts
of Berries and deciduous fruits heavy. There
was but little Inquiry for shipping and local
trading was Indifferent. There was an abund
ance, of poor stock and only choice, ripe offer
ings brought top prices. The canners pur
chased large quantities of Berries at the bot
tom quotations and bought up most of the
loose Cherries at prices within , the quoted
range. Currants in good ¦ order sold promptly
at full figures, but there was some poor stock
sold at 52 25@2 50 per chest.
A few crates of Tragedy Prunes came In and
; sold at $1 per crate. Figs were suddenly plen
| tlful .and prices had a sharp decline. The
prices quoted below, are for regular size draw
ers and-do not' include the offerings from VI
salia which are packed in small boxes and sell
from 20c to 60c per box, according to size of
the box..
Apricots In bulk were sold to canners, who
paid $15020 for the large yellow and $10@12 50
for the white.
There are a lot of poor Lemons coming in
that sell', slowly .at ' unsteady prices. Choice
ar.cl fancy : offerings meet with ready sale.
Orange? are. moving slowly.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 for Longworths and
$2S4 for'Malludas. •
RASPBERRIES— $3@7 per chest; 'crntes. 50
@60c. -> , ' ' .'
LOGANBERRIES— $2@4 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES — $2@5 per chest; In crates,
25@00c, according to size of crate. •. <- •
GOOSEBKRR1KS— 25@35c per drawer.
CURRANTS — $3ig'4 f>0 per chest.
PLUMS— Clyman. 25<SJ>r?5c rer box and 35<3>
50c per. crate;, baskets. . 15^30c;- Cherry Plums,
20@:'.0c ppi drawer and 35<gi40c in larger pack
ages; Plums. : in bulk boxes, 60@75c. ¦ -
APRICOTS— 25@3.-.c per box and 30@40c per
crate: in baskets, 25@35c; bulk boxes, 50@75c.
APPLES— Green, 20@30c per box and 2y<§>
40c per basket: large boxes. 50c@$l.
PEARS — Madeline, '15@25c for small boxes;
larpe boxes. 50ffi7f>c. '. ¦. •.. ¦'
PEACHES— 25® 50c per box or basket; bulk
boxes, 50@G0c. > /.- \
CHERRIES— White. 25#40c per box; In bulk.
l^@8c: Black, 20@D0c per box and l^^.THc In
bulk; Royal Annes. 40<fj;e5c per box. and 4@0c
In bulk: cartons from San Jose, $1.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, from- Yuma, $lft2
per crateiifromlndlo, -$2@2 50 per crate; Wa
termelons from Iudio. 20c each. ¦',. • -
GRAPES — Thompson's seedless from Indio,
$2 per crate: from Yuma, $1 50@l ,75 per crate.
FIGS — Black. 50@75c for 'single ¦ layers and
$1@1 50 for double layer boxes; White, 60@75c
per drawer. . ¦ •"--"¦
CITRUS " FRUITS— Seedling Oranges. $1@2;
Mediterranean Sweets. $102 50;. St. Michaels.
$1@3; Valenclas. $1 25@3 50; Tangerines; $150
in half -boxes : Lemons. $1@1 50 ; for common.
$1 75©2 50 for 'choice 'and .$3@3 50 for fancy:
Grapefruit. $2(33 50;;Mexlcan Limes; $5@5 50;
Bananas, $1 50®2 per. bunch for New. Orleans
Eggs are weak at a slight decline. Sellers
are offering them freely, and though they make
concessions are unable to sell all their hold
ings, .hence are continually putting some into
stoi'e. Stocks continue large.
Cheese stands as before,
There is a good demand for store and the
cheaper grades of dairy Butter, both of which
are selling better than the upper grades, as the
bakers are now active buyers, and there are no
other cheap kinds in the market. It is report
ed, however, that some Eastern ladle-packed
will be on the market to-day. The range in
quotations between cheap and fancy Buttsr Is
now remarkably narrow. The market Is weak,
as receipts continue heavy and stocks are lib
eral. Storing is still being resorted to to keep
dewn the surplus.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per- pair,
$1 25; Goslings. $1 25@1 50: Ducks, $3 50@4
for old and $3@5 50 for young; Hens, $4@5
young Roosters, $5 50<ffi6 50; old Roosters, $4 50
@5: * Fryers, $3 50@4 50; Broilers, $2 50(g:j
for large and $2@2 25 for small; Pigeons.
$1 75 per dozen for old and $1 50 for Squabs.
¦ GAME— Hare, $125 per dozen; Rabbits,
$1 50 for Cottontails and 75c@$l for Brush.
.Game, was "in light receipt and met with
ready sale. Hare and Brush Rabbits were
higher. :
There is nothing, new to report. In Poultry.
Receipts are moderate, but the demand is light
and prices show no change.
Poultry, and Game.
'¦W-heat — ... .^- '.,•.¦ July.-. Sept.
Opening ..,. ,';..;:. «..,.. .ti. Holiday -..-.•
Closing cr::. ¦.:;.::';',.:..";.*. j Holiday . ¦-
-. '- ¦-!•;: paris. ; .-.¦¦ .-..-:¦¦
Wheat — ¦' '-• . .'i, July. ' Sept.-Dec.
Opening 24 00 20 75; -'
Closing 24 05 * 20 70
Flour — . i ..,•"'
Opening ................... 30 30 27 40
Closing rr '...;•... 30 40 . 27 30
Foreign Futures
LIVERPOOL.
FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 29.
Flour, qr ska... .16.553 Middlings, sks.. 2S5
Wheat, ctls .... 1.600 Bran, sks 1,080
Barley, ctls .... 3.620 Sugar, ctls .... 2,528
Oats ctls 3,353 Pelts, . bdls . 69
Beans, sks 749 Hides, No 777
Corn ctls 165 Tallow, ctls ... 305
Potato.es, sks . . 2,807 Quicksilver, flks 70
Onions, sks 755 Lime, bbls ..;. ' \. 91
Wool, bales .... • 439 Leather, rolls ..- 24
Hay, tons '351 Wine, gals .... 53,100
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 9,676 [Wool, bales .... 1
Potatoes, eks .. t\ u *.t •¦.-.
Receipts of Produce.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 60
6%c per lb; "Vvlilte j Lead. 6@6%c, - according
to quality. ' „
SUGAR— -The Western Sugar Rrflnlnjr Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4 50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35- Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), . none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra. C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes 60c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxea, 5c
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water. White Coal Oil; In bulk,
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c. Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 16c;
In cases. 22%c: Benzine. In bulk, 14Vac; in
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; In
cases, 26%c. ~>-:...,.
TURPENTINE — 66c per gallon In cases and
60c in drums and iron barrels.
• OILS — California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled
73c; raw. 71c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c fcr raw, in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $105-
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, -.70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
t!5c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42^c; cases, . 47^c:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63^c for Ceylon and
5SV-C for Australian.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton: ' Southfleld
Wellington. $8; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant. $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay. $5 60; Greta, $8;..WaU
send, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $S 50;
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, — ; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $8 £5 per 2000 lbs and $8 50
per.ton, according to brand.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6 Is c; San Quentin, 5.55c;
Wool Bags, 32@35c;. Fleece Twine, 7^@8c.
General Merchandise.
• :On the Produce Exchange , to-day the Butter
rhorket was steady.';- Creameries, 18@22c.
Dairies, ; 17 1,£ @20c.i Cheese,- steady, 10@llc.
Eggs, steady; fresh, 17c- /. . > ..
¦ Articles — . . i - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17,000 9,000
Wheat, bushels ........; 53,000 222,000
Corn, bushels ....... ...16.000 184,003
Oats, bushels .....188.000 • 166,000
Rye, bushels ,:. r 3,000 28.000
Barley, bushels .......;. -10,000 2,000
Hollister — Sugar beets growing nicely, but
light s»and.
Riweide — Foggy mornings.
Stockton — Grain arriving, large quantity,
quality good; early fruits and vegetables con
tinue well.
Palermo — All crops as before reported.
Porterville — Harvest general; grain being
shipped right along.
Willows — Grain harvest continues; crops
turning out well.
Hanford — Apricots being dried, peaches do-
Ing well; hay being cut; pasturage poor.
Colusa — Grain continues to turn out well and
of good quality;. fruits, all doing nicely. „
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged. /
Ventura — Foggy morning; beans doing we/1.
Napa — All crops doing well.
Newman — Harvest progressing favorably.
Merced — Barley being chipped; apricots good;
decreased acreage sweet potatoes this year. -
Chlco — Harvesting started; grain good.
Cloverdale — Fruit conditions unchanged.
San Jose — Fruit crop doing excellent; early
peaches and apricots beginning to turn.
King City — Fruit and grain in good condition
and ripening fast.
LIvermore — Crop conditions unchanged.
A. G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS,
Do lem 5s.120%121% (1912) ....121 —
NRofC 6s.ll2% — S P of C 1st
Do 5s 121 122 c gntd 5O..120 122%
N Pac C 58.110 — Do »tmpd..U0 —
NCR Bs...ll2%113% S P BrCal6«.14O —
N S R R 5s.l01%102 S V Wat 6s. Ill HIS
Oak Gaa 5s.ll2%113% Do 4s 2dm.lO2 102T.
Oak Trn 6»..125 — Do 4s 3dm. — 102%
Do 1st c5s.H3%115 Stkn G&E 6slCO%101%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Colta 75% 76%]Port Costa.. 63% 68
Marln Co 69 'Spring Val.» 83% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC. *
Cent L & P. SV* — Pac L Co.. 4SU BO
Eqt G L Co. 3 — Sac E G&R. S9% 41
Mutual E L. 4% — S F G & E.. 42H *2^
O G L & H. 61% — SPOLCo. 5% 5»4
Pac G Imp. 35 — Stkn G&E. S ¦ — . .
'- V;, IN'SURANCB.
Firem'B Tnd. — 280 /
BANKS.
Am B & T.112% — First N&tlonl — . '.—
Anglo-Cal ..88 90 LP&A 18« —
Bank of Cal.447% — Mer Ex (Uq)*27 > — :
Cal Safa Dp.l24Vii — B F Nation!. 140 —
_ : SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....2015 — Bav & Lo"- — 2*
Humboldt .. — — Becurlty 8av.83O 400
Mutual Sav. 80 — ! Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U.535 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — ' [Market W%101
Geary ...... — — iPresidlo .... 89 _—
POWDER.
Giant «0 69%/Vteorlt ...... S% 3\
SUGAR. .
Hana 3% 4 Kllauea .... — 10
Hawaiian .. — — Makawell .. 23 23t»
Honokaa ... 10 11 Onomea 23 Jl 24^
Putchlnson . 12 12% Paauhau ... 11% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.159%160 Pao A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As 98 102 Pac C Bont.165 —
Cal Wine As 90% 100 & Par Paint ..25 —
Oceanic S Co 17% 20
Morning Session.
Board —
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per ct.103 75
100 Equitable Gaa 8 12tf
20 Oakland Gaa, cash 63 00
$0000 S F & S J V bonds 122 0O
10 Spring Valley Water 88 50
Street —
$4000 Contra Costa Water bonds Ill 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Hana Plantation Co 8 87%
7 S F Gas & Electric Co (fi 50
5 Spring Valley Water 83 50
Street—
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 159 75
800 Oakland Gas 62 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
•*--' Board—* ¦
100 Monarch of Arizona. 1$
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Sterling 1 49
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
' ~ .r i Mornlnc Session.
100 Caledonia ... 88 100 Sierra, Nev... 27
100 Caledonia ... 89 200 Sliver Hill .. 48
200 Con Cal & V.I 40 100 Sliver Hill ..47
500 Mexican 53 700 Union Con .. 23
500 Ophlr 1 40 100 Yellow Jacket 14
Afternoon Session.
600 Andea 06 300 Crown Point. 04
500 Best & Belch. "12 100 Occidental ... U
100 Caledonia ... 90 100 Ophlr 135
500 Caledonia ... 88 2C0 Overman .... 30
50 Caledonia ... 89 500 Potosi 21
100 Chollar 09 600 Sierra Nev... 23
The following were the sales In ! the . PadSo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
. . . Mornlnr Session.
100 Best & Belch. 11 800 Mexican '..... 54
. .100 Best &, Belch. 13 200 Mexican 60
100 Caledonia ... 83 200 Mexican 40
200 Challenge Con 14 800 Mexican 53
100-Con Cal & V.I 35 800 Ophlr t 40
500 Gould & Cury 06 200 Ophlr 132%
200 Mexican ..... 55 200 Union Con ... 21
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 12 200 Hale & Nor.. 40
500 Caledonia ... 90 200 Mexican 61
500 Caledonia ... 88 200 Ophir 135
200 Caledonia ... 95 200 Overman .... 31
200 Chollar 09 200 Union Con ... 22
700 Chollar 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. June 26—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 07 OS
Alta 05 06 KentucJc .... 01 VI
Andes 05 07 Lady Wash .. — 04
Belcher 11 13 Mexican 50 52
Best & Belch. 12 13 Occidental ... 13 14
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 1 SO 1 S3
Caledonia ... 97 98 Overman .... 82 33
Challenge Con 11 13 Potosi 20 21
Chollar 09 10 Savage 08 09
Confidence ... 55 59 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40 Seg Belcher.. 05 0«
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 25 26
Con New Yrk — 02 B liver Hill ... 43 50
Crown Point. 04 05 St. Louis .... — 08
Eureka Con .18 — Syndicate ... — 07
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con ... 21 22
Gould & Cury 05 07 Utah 0O OS
Hale & Nor. . 40 44 Yellow Jacket 13 IS
Julia ;.. — 01
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6&6%c; feeders, 6@6i;c;
sows, .20 per cent off, boars 50 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: j..
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%®4c; Ewes, 3%©3%c
per lb (gross weight). , , ¦
LAMBS — Suckling . Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head, or 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearlings,
3%@4c perlb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
•MUTTON— Wethers, 7%©8%c; Ewes. 7®8e
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lambs, 9@9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
BEEF — 6@7c for Steers and 5®6c per lb for
Cows.
DRESSED. MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
Previous prices rule for all descriptions, with
a light demand. - , *
San Francisco Meat Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, from Vacaville.
$1 25@1 75 per sack; b_ay Corn, :$1 75@2; As
paragus. $1@2 50 per box; Rhubarb, 50© 75c per
box; Green Peas, $1@1 75 per sack for common
and 2@3c per lb for Garden: String Beans, 2%@
3%c per lb and 3@3%c for Wax;
Refugee Beans, 3@4c per lb? Cab
bage, 90c@$l per ctl; California'- To
rr.atoes. 50@75c per box or crate: Mississippi,
75c@$l per crate; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb;
Carrots. $l*per sack; Cucumbers from Marys
ville, 35@50c"per box; Bay, '75c@$l per' large
box: Garlic, 2©2%c for new; Chile Peppers.
10@12%c; Bell, 20@30c; -Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 8@10c; Summer Squash; 40@60c , for
small boxes and 85c@$l 25 for large; Marrow
fat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash,
$15@20. ¦•;¦'.• -- ~ •;¦•¦"• -'¦ ' ¦
POTATOES— New Early Rose. 60@75c In
boxes and sacks; Burbanks, , 40c@$l 60, with
some fancy higher; Garnet Chiles, 90c@$l;
old Burbanks. 50@75c. -
ONIONS— Australian. $1 50@2, second hands;
new Red. 50@65c per sack; Yellow, $1 per ctl:
-With the exception of Green Corn and Pep
pers, all vegetables were in free supply ¦ and
prices were, cenerally lower.
Green Corn was in limited supply and high
in the morning, owing to the Vacaville train
being delayed, but weakened upon the receipt
of fresh supplies, which came to hand late in
the day and had to be carried over for to-day's
market. Chile and Bell ¦ Peppers sold readily.
The latter were scarce and higher. Tomatoes
appeared from the river in large boxes and sold
for S2 25.
Old. Australian ..Onions continue to drag, al
though dealers' are offering liberal concessions.
New .Yellow : are weaker under liberal supplies.
Red are unchanged.
Receipts of Potatoes were large, and as there
was very little Inquiry for ] shipping • offerings 1
of poor; stock " dragged at lower prices. The
market continued firm on fancy stock, but it
was in limited supply. :
Potatoes, Omons: and Vegetables.
2>».o t. o. b. coast four-size basis in bags oil
sjai:ta Claras. Occasional busines is noted en
this basis for interior account, but large job
bers enow no dispcsitloa to make purchases at
the moment. Ccast holders, on th» other hand,
are steady in their ideas. Apricots and peaches,
spot cr luturcs, are without feature of im
portance. TSiere is a stronger feeling and
higher market noted in thelled almonds. Sales
of Sicily shelled are reported at 'J3 %c with
seme holders quoting up to 24c. Sicily filberts
are also stronger on the spot, with one holder
Quoting S r 4c. Some interest is noted in wal
nuts, with Toulouse old up to SUc. Brazil
auts are firmly held and in fair request"
fcr 40-OOs in 25-1 b. boxes on Sar.ta Clara fruit.
Sales are reported at this figure. Spot stocks
are getting reduced, and some little buying
from the coast is heard of on the 2"«c four
size basis for shipment here. On 1SMJ2 crop
uk« we hear of nothing offering under the
Mall advices from New York say: "In
raisins epot stocks of Malaga and Valencia
layers arc practically exhausted, and quota
tions are nominal. California loose 3-crown
grade is heid at C"£c and stocks are- light. In
seeOed a fair Jobbing movement is noted with
come firmness shown on choice and fancy in
l-'.u. cartons." Spot prunes are steady with a
moderate buying interest both for export and
domestic trade. Holders quote a basis of 6',-jc
Dried Fruit in New York.
'"Market buslnees Is hindered by the fact
that dealers now havj their hands full with
the receut arrivals, but stocks are going sat
5<nctorily bn» consumption, and prices are
finr.!y maintained. Tails especially are strong,
supplies of good trades being scarce. Tlie
Beechdale is reported to be coining into dock;
she brings 57,000 ca*ee of Fraser River eal
mon. in Liverpool the inquiry is good and
prices a little firmer, particularly for 1-lb.
taJls of the best quality. There is a large
consumptive demand from the country. Cali
fornia lruits meet with a moderate demand at
steady prices."
r.i* salmon
Mail advice* from Lcail
situation:
Fruit and Salmon in England.
•Sicel is scarce, and it Iook3 as though we
ehall have to Import for 6ome time to come."
says the Iron As?. "In the heavy lines,
notably in steel rails, beams, structural mat
ter and plates, the mills could run full to the
end of the year, and In some lines well toward
the middle of next year, in order to deliver
ail th?y have sold. In steel rails they v/111
certainly carry considerable work due in 180
into 3903. Thev are now selling quite liberally
for 1903 delivery, considerable additional sales
having been rade in the last week. The same
is true In an even moro pronounced degree of
Eiructural matter, and largely, too. of plates.
Steel Scarce.
Beans continue quiet, but firmly held. Quo
tations show.no change. : ;
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 05; small White, $2 35
@2 50; large -White, $2 35@2 45; Pea, $3 25®
3 60; Pink, $2 05@2 20;, Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
$5; Limaa.-.?3 50@3 75; Red Kidneys, $3 50®
3 75 per ctl. .
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 60@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry, 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah, 10%@
llJ4c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@2%c;
Hemp. 3%c t>er tb. ».« ¦ v - • ;
DRIED. PEAS— Nlles. $1 75@2; Green, $1 40
@1 65; Blackeye,. $1 75@2. " •
Beans and Seeds.
FRUIT AND WEATHER BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four -hours ending 5 p. m
120th meridian time, San Francisco. June 26.
$1,213,972. against $5,822,354 for the corre
epcr.ding period in 1901. During the nret five
months of 1901 there were imports of $2.6^>.7Bo
from Japan and $1.47!».416 from Australia,
wbc-reaE this year only $0700 was received from
.1iipi:n and nothing from Australia.
The imports or treasure at this port in May
amounted to $245.G2S. of which $102,716 was
rold and $142,912 eilver. These Imports com
pare w'.th $377,524 in May, 1901. The imports
for th» first five months of 1902 amounted to
Imports of Specie.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
brisk to high westerly winds.
AIEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official. !
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about ¦ l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium. 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. ¦ 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides. 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip. ll@13c; Dry Calf, 16@18c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20®
30c each; short wool, 40@60c each; medium.
65@75c; long' wool. S0c@$l 20 each; Horss
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 50 for medium.
$1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can. 25c; dry Central American. 32 %c Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%©6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c.
WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Mendodno,
16@lSc; Northern free. 14@16c; do. defective,
13@14c; Middle County free. 13@15c; do. de
fective. 12@13c; Southern, 12 months, 8@10c;
do. 7 months, 0@llc; Foothill. ll@13c; Ne
vada, 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse. 14@15c per lb.
HOPS— 12@12%c for fair and 13@14e per lb
for good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop being
drawn at 13@14c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 74@74%c;
No. 3, 73%@73%c; No. 2 red, 7Sc; No. 2 yel
low corn, 67%©68c; No. 2 oats, 45@51%c; No.
2 white. 52%@53c; No. 3 white, 51%@53c; No.
2. rye, 59%@G0c;. good feeding barley, 67@69c;
fair to choice ¦ malting. 60@71c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 75; No. 1 Northwestern, .$1 55; prime timo
thy seed, $5 75; mess pork per barrel, $18 30
@18 35; lard, per 100.1bs..$10 62%@10 55; short
ribs sides (loose), $10 70@10 80; dry .salted
shoulders (boxed). 8%@8%c; short clear sides
(boxed). $10 75@10 87%; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Cash quotations . were as follows
Articles— Open: ; High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— -
July ' 73% 72%. 73 73J4
September 71% j 72% . 71% 72%
December ...... 72% 73% 72% 73
Corn No. 2— • "
July... 68 69 67% ' 68%
September t!0% . 61% '. 59'i 61
December 46% 47% ,46% 47%
Oats No. 2 —
July, old " 38% 40 . 38% 39%
July, new 42% 44% 41% 44%
Sept, old 29% 30 Vi 29% 30%
Sept. new 32% . 33% 32% ,'33%
Dec, new 32% 32% 31% 32%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July 18 15 18 30 18 15 18.30
September .....18 40 18 57% 18 37% IS 65
Lard, per 100 pounds — - -
July ...10 55 10 60 10 52% 10 60
September 10 55 • 10 65 10 55 10 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July ...10 62%- 10 75 10 62% 10 75
September .....10 67% 10 67% 10 57% 10 65
Provisions dipped early on a weak market at
the yards. Packers -soon supported the mar
ket and it closed firm, September pork -7%c up,
lard unchanged and ribs 2V.@5c higher.
.The leading futures ranged as follows:
Oats were the strongest of the grains to-day.
Contract stocks were almost cleaned up. July
closed strong at 44%c.
i;- ; ; ¦ ; •»
CHICAGO, June 26. — Wheat had a number of
bearish influences early in liberal . Northwest
ern receipts, new wheat "coming into the, mar-'
ket and ' favorable v weather V for harvesting.
Added • to this was j the absence of trading for
the rest of the r week In the English : markets.
Both liquidation' and short selling brought an
early weakness; in the . leading "grain, • although
September held up better than July. Both op
tions started %@%c lower, July at 73%@73%c
and getting down to 73c, and September selling
to,71%c. .After the bears had gotten fairly in
the trading led by some selling by elevator In.
terests, the big corn bulls bought over 1,000,000
bushels of the j September option. Then came
word of rain in the Southwest and grasshop
pers in North Dakota and disappointing thresh
ing returns from Ohio and Indiana. July 6old
to 73%c and September to 72%@72%c. July
closed weak, .% c lower at 73\ic and September
firm, %@%c higher at 72%@72>4c. Traders
credit the mixed conditions of the wheat pit to
manipulation. .-..
Corn had an active, heavy trade, with the
greater interest centered in September. There
was liberal buying of this option by the bulls
after an early break and prices advanced sharp
ly. There, was not much in the way of news.
July closed firm at 68%c. September closed
strong, %c up, at 60%@Slc. ¦• '
Continued dullness in local stocks and bonds.
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Wheat and Barley selling higher in the country than here.
Oats weakening under steadily increasing supplies.
Free sales of new Rye in the San Joaquin. Corn still' dull.
Beans and Seeds' continue inactive.
Hay and Fcedstuffs as before quoted.
Cheap Butter in active demand. Cheese unchanged.-
Eggs a fraction lower and weak.
Provisions continue dull everywhere.
Xothing new in the Meat market.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables plentiful and zeech.
Poultry and Gante quiet, with ample receipts.
Fruit market well supplied and easy.
Decreased imports of Specie *&w year. -
Steel scarce, with continued imports necessary.'
Canned Salmon very firm in England.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 26. — Cotton opened steady
with prices" 1' point higher to ,1: point lower
and closed net 7@12 points lower, with the tone
quiet and steady. • ' -j.^.- : ' _ ¦ .
Metropolitan St Ry J.700 14S-4 148U 148',s
Mex Central ...5,600 28?! 28Vi -28^i
Mex National 4C0 18% IS 1 /* 18>a
Minn & St Louis.. 100 114'i 114ii 114
Mo Pacific 27.300 109% IOSVj 109%
M. K & Texas -1,200 27»i . 207« 27^«
M, K & Tex as pfd. 1,000 59 58% 57%
New Jersey Cent... . .... .... 180
New York Central. 400 155% 155 % 155
Nor & West S00 5«:<i 56% 5G%
Nor & West pfd .... 91
Ont & Western 900 33 >4 3V 32?i
Pennsylvania . 5,000 151 %¦* 151. . 151 V t
Reading 700 67V4 «50% C«%
Reading 1st pfd 400 S4>i 84 83%
Reading 2d pfd.'. .. SCO .71 70% 70^
SL&SF • C8*4
S L & S F 1st pfd I „ 82%
S I, & S P 2d pfd. 300 72Vi 72Vi 72%
St Louis So W 1. 100 30% oO 30
St Louis So W pfd. 3.000 66% 6Cvi 65%
St Paul ...20,800 175% 174 174%
St Paul pfd 700 191% 190 Vi 1&0
So Pacific 4,200 MYt 64 CAY S
So Railway ....... 30<> 3V%' %»% SB
So Railway pfd.... «00 05 V> 95'^ P5!4
Texas & Pac 1,300 43% 42>i 43
T, St L & W 100 20% 20% 20V1
T. St L & W pfd.. 100 37 37 36%
Union Pacific 1.500 105H 104% 105
Union Pac pfd ; 2,000 S9 8SJ,£ 88%
Wabash 3,100 30% -30% '--30%
Wabash pfd 300 46% 46 46 Vi
Wheeling & L E.' .... 22.
Wisconsin Cent 800 27 26% 26%
Wis Central pfd... 200 49 tf 49 Vi 49
Express Companies — ¦ •
i Adams .... 197 '
, American 225
United States .... 114
Wells Fargo 135
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 15,000 64% 63% 64%
Am Car & Foundry 1,700 32% 32& 32^4
Am C & F pfd »0%
Am Linseed Oil 23%
Am L Oil pfd. 50%
Amer Locomotive.. 400 32% 32% 32
Am Loco pfd 93%
Am Smelt & Refg.. 1,000 47% 47% 47Vi
Am S & R pfd 200 98% 9S5» 98
Anaconda M Co . . 100 108 .108 106%
Brook Rapid Tran. 2,100 67% 67%
Col Fuel & Iron .. 3,000 90 89 89
Consolidated Gas . . 500 220 219% 220%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 100 121% 121% 121
General Electric ..... 300
Hocking Coal 200 17 16% 10
Internati Paper '. ..0 .... 20%
Intematl Paper pfd 73
Internati Power . . 200 75 75 75
Laclede Gas 85
National Biscuit 48
National Lead 200 21% 21% 21%
National Salt pfd.. .' 15
North American .... 121
Pacific Coast ,65
Pacific Mall 200 41% 41% 41%
People's Gas - 500 101% 101% 101
Pressed Steel Car. . 000 46% 46 40
Pressed S Car pfd. 200 85% 85% 85
Pullman Pal Car .... 232
Republic Steel 900 17% 17 17
Repub Steel- pfd... 700 73 73 72%
Sugar 11,000 126% 126 126%
Tenn Coal & Iron - 62
Uuion B & P Co.. 600 15 15 14%.
U B t P Co pfd 81%
U S Leather 400 12% 12% 12%
U S Leather pfd.. ...- .84
U S Rubber 14%
U S Rubber pfd ¦¦ 61%
U S Steel 7,800 37% 37% S7%
U S Steel pfd 9.100 89% 88% SS%
Western Union .... 5.S00 90 88% 88%
Total sales ..... .293,400 shares. . _'
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO7% L & N Uni 4s... 103%
U S ref 2s coup.. 108% Mexican Cent 4s. 84 -.
U S 3s reg 107 Mex Cent 1st inc. 32%
U S 3e coup 107 Minn & St L 4s..lO5k ;
U S new 4s reg:. 135 Mo, Kan' & T 4s.lOO
U S new 4s coup. 135 Mo. K & T 2ds.. 84%
U S old 4s reg... 100% NY Central Jats.104%
U S old 4s coup.. 110% NYC gen-3%s:.109
U S 5s reg ..105 N J Cent ffen*5s.lS9
U S 5s coup 105' N Pacific 4s 105 f
Atchison cen 4s. .103% N Pacific 3s..*... 74%
Atchison adj 4s.. 94% N & W con 4s....101«'b
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s...lOO%
Bait & Ohio 3 Us. 96% B L & I M con 5s.llG%
B &. O conv 4s...lO«% S L & 8 G 4s 100
Canada So 2ds...lO9% S L Swstrn 1st!.. 99%
Cent of Ga 5s 109 S L Swatrn 2ds.. S6%
Cent Ga 1st Inc.. S1T6 S A & A P 4s... 9li
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOS% So Pacific 4s 92%
Chgo & Alt 3 Vis. 85Vi So Railway 5»... 123%
C B & Q new 4s. »6% Tex & Pac lsts..H0%
C M & S P gen4s.U6V, T.-S^L-.&VVVvis.-. $2%
C & NW con 7s.. 136% Unicfn.#Pac.-4« 106V*
C R I & P 4s 112 rfU.-P t:onv'4s,'.... 107^
C C C & ELgeu 4s-10l% AVabash, lsts 119%
Chgo Term 4s SO Wabash 2ds. .....112 ¦
Colo & So 4s 96'i Wabash deb', B... 76%
Den & R G 4s.. 104 .West Shore 4s.. ..115%
Erie prior Hen 4s.l0l W & L'E 4s..... 94%
Erie sen 4s 89 - Wis Cent 4s 93%
F W & D C lsts.li:f% Cons Tob 4s 66%
Hocking Val 4%s.lll
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams 20 Little Chief. ; 11
Alice 40 Ontario 7 75
Breece 50 Ophlr 135
Brunswick Con.... 07 Phoenix 00
Comstock Tunnel. 5% Potos'l r 1 . i~
Con Cal & Va....l 35 Savage 06
Deadwood Terra. .1 00 Sierra Nevada 1C
Horn Silver 1 25 Small Hopes. 45
Iron Silver 85 Standard 3 OU
¦Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . U S Steel pfd.... 8S T 4
Call loans 3%@4 JVestlnghs Com. ..105
Time loans I @5 Mlnins —
Bonds — Adventure 2%
Atchison 4s 102% Allouez 2%
Gas lsts 95 Amalgamated .... 64%
Mexican Cent 4s. 82 Daly West 50
Railroads — Bingham 31%
Atchison • 81Ts Calumet & Hecla.593
Atchison pfd 100% Centennial 17%
Boston Sz Albany.260 Copper Range.... 54'
Boston & Maine. 201 Dominion Coal. ..13r>%
Boston Elevated. .104 Franklin ...... iov;
N Y, N H & H..230 Isle Royale...... 12
Fitchburg pfd 143% Mohawk 43
Union Pacific 104% Old Dominion.... 20
Mexican Central.. 28% Osceola 60 'A
• Miscellaneous — ¦ Parrot 27*
American Sugar. .126 Qulncy .130
Am Sugar pfd 118 Tamarack .-. 175
Am Tel & T«l lT7Vi Trlmountain .... 05
Dom Iron & Steel. 51% Trinity-.... 12
General Electric. .300 United States.... 39%
Mass Electric... 42% Utah 24
Mass Elec pfd.. .. 97% Victoria fl
N E Gas & Coke. 3% Winona 5
United Fruit 111% Wolverine 54
U S Steel '. 37% .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Chicago was higher, but holders showed more
disposition to realize. The goods are so high
that buyers operate only from hand to mouth.
This market continues dull and unchanged. •
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12^@13c per lb for
heavV 13&c for light medium, 14%c for light,
15iAc for extra, light and It5@17c for sugar
cured- Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15c; Cali
fornia Hams. 14@14%c; Mess Beef. $10 per bbl;
extra Messf $10 OOfll; Family. $1150012;
Prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear. $23;
Mew $18 50@19Y Dry Salt Pork. 12%c; Pig
Pork! $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef.
LARD Tierces quoted at 8%o per lb for
compound and - 12%c for pure; half-barrels,
pu™. 12%c; 10-lb tins. 13Uc; 5-lb tins. 13%c;
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half -barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; live tierces, 10%c per lb.
Provisions,
and $1 25® 2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $1 000
3 per dozen. . ' _J_______
Dried Fruits, N tits and Raisins.
FRUITS— New Apricots, future . delivery, 6©
7-y.c; old Apricots. 7@8c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moornarks; Evapo
rated Apples. 12@12i,4c; ¦ sun dried. C@.c;
quoted as follow:
"oSta ? CUttflSc: 40-503. 5@5i-ic; 50-608. 4%®
SViCiVHc; 70-SOs. 3£®3%c; 80-9Os.
3®3i4c; 90-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown.
7%c? Lcose Muscatels, 5%c for 4-crown and
oVic for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers. $1 60_perb6x . .
tv-ttts Walnuts Na 1 softshell. ll@ll%c.
No2 6@T™i. hardahell. 10@10%c; No 2.
7c" Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell: 9@10c
fof' sottshell and «@7c for hardshell: Peanuts.
5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c: Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$ °HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted. 6®
B'-ic;' light amber extracted. 4@4&c; dark. 4c.
'BEES WAX— 27 %@29c per lb.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Bran and -Middlings are very firm, but un
changed. Some variations in Hay will be ob
served. The demand for Hay continues light,
as previously mentioned.
BRAN— $18 50@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22 50@24 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake -Meal at the mill, $25@26; Job
bing. $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20® 21; Cora
Meal, $31@32;. Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed. $16@17; Cottonseed ! Meal, . $26 50.
, HAY — New is selling as follows: Wheat,
$8@0 50; Wheat and Oat, $8@9 50; Oat. $7@9;
Barley. $6@7 50; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@S 50;
Alfalfa, '$'J@10. Old is quoted as follows:
Extra fine Wheat. $12@12 50; fair to choice
do, $9 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat. $9@U 50; Oat.
S9@10; Alfalfa.- nominal; Clover, $7@9; Vol
unteer, f<5 50@8 50; Stock, $6@8 per ton.
STRAW— 40@50c per bale.
Hay and ¦ Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75, usual term's; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3@
3 50. '. ¦¦'¦','
' MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, nsual discount to ¦ the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100, lbs; Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75" Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra.
cream do,' $4; Oat Groans, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25- Buckwheat Flour, $4 5C@4 75; Cracked
Wheat," $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@9; in
sacks, $6 S5@S 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. |
Flour and Millstuffs.
RYE — Liberal transfers of new Rye are re
ported at Stockton at 80c. while some sales for
Port Costa delivery at Soc are reported. Old
crop is unchanged at S5@87%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
creasing and the market is weakening propor
tionately, as will be seen by the quotations.
But the lower prices do not tempt buyers, who
are holding off. Thus far there have been no
sales of the recent Invoice of C000 ctls from
the north, and they are still held at $1 oO
per ctl. /
New Reds are quoted at $101 15 for common
to choice and $1 17&@1 20 for fancy: old
Oats ar» nominal as follows: Whites, $1 2o@
I 30: Milling, $1 30; Black. $1 16@1 25 per ctl.
CORN — Previous prices still rule, with not
much trading.
Large Yellow, $1 45<S1 50; small round do.
$1 50@l 52Vi: 'White, $1 50@l 55.
Copper was easy. A sale of 1250,000 pounds
electrolytic for August delivery was made at
$12 12%. Closlns prlees .were $11 50@ll SO
for standard EDot to August, $12@12 25 - for
lake, $11 90@>12 10 for electrolytic and $11 S5
@12 for castlns.
Lead was steady at 4\ic. Spelter was a
shade ¦ higher, closing at 5c. ¦'*--- ¦ ¦-¦ ¦'¦¦ iV-'-J*
Iron ruled firm and higher. Warrants were
nominal. No. 1 foundry Northern, $22@:23:
No. 2 foundry Northern, $21@22; No. 1 foundry
Southern, $21@21 50; No. 2 foundry sflft, 522
@22 60. - ' ¦
standing at $28 25 and $2S 50. There -was a
sale of five tons for July delivery-' at $27. C7 5 ,;!.
THE SAN JfKANCISCO UAiJIi, ITLUJJAr, d ,UJS K 27, 1902.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
I 3
c
¦ Es
¦r c
I 3
. e
S ? la I
• o • -. .. o
a
Aetoria 30.00
Baker 29.S6
Oarron iS>.72
Eur»ka 30. <H
Fresno 23. «S
Flattest I 29.52
Pocalclio. Id..29.70
Independence
I>».- Aneeles-.23.T8
Pfcoenix 2!».G2
Portliin<3 23. »8
R^-ni-jnr.....2n.72
RnscburR 29. 9S
Sacramento . .29.7tf
S*!t Lake 29. .V?
Ban Francisoo.29.*M
San t,. ObtBpo.29.86
Ran Diepo 29.78
Seattle 2O.J>«
ppokase 29. S6
N>ah iia>- 29. PS
W"8!Ia Walla.. 29. S6
Wlnneraucca .2fi.CS
Yuma '.29. C2
CA
cr,
74
GO
76
7S
IOC
70
KH
70
RO
«2
72
C4
O<?
70
7*
7<5
100
52-
40
44
r.4
<*>o
¦S2
54
«6
60
78
.'4
C2
C2
r«
82
W)
44
00
r.o
M
r.o
so
sw...pt aay .12
xn pt a<iy .00
W Clear .00
N Clwir .On
NW Clear .00
fiW Clear .00
W Cloudy T.
W " Clear* "66
W aear .00
W Qoudy .04
sn <1ear .00
N Clear .00
S Clear .00
N Clear .00
XT Clear .00
W Clear .00
KW Cloudy .00
TV rt CWy T.
RW Pt CIdy .00
¦VV Cloudy .OR
RW near .00
SW Cloudy .00
S Ciear .00
STATIONS,
' 5 ' 5
la S3
PP
I I
x
I
m
o
a
in
2 %
job?
Chico 02
Cloverdale ...... 83
Colusa S4
Eureka CO
Fresno 92
Hanford 97
Hollister 78
Independence
King City : . SO
Llvermore 76
Ix>s Anrelea ... 78
Merced 91
Napa 87
Newman 91
Palermo . S3
PortervHle 94
Red Bluff 88
Riverside 93
Sacramento .... SO
San Diego 64
San Francisco.. 62
San Jose 76
S. L. .Obispo... 72
Santa Rosa .... 8+
Stockton £5
Ventura 77
Willows S3
62
67
61
54
60
09
48
C6
48
50
60
52
52
59
58
54
62
55
56
•ill
50
44
44
46
CO
53
50
.00 Clear S
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear N'
.00 Clear KW
.00 Clear
.00 Clear W
".00 Clear", N*'
.00 Clear ....
.00 Clear W
.00 Clear N'W
.00 Clear SW
.00 Clear ....
.00 Clear S
.00 Clear ....
.00 Clear SE
.00 Clear
.00 Clear S
.00 Cloudy SW
.00 Clear- . "W
.00 Clear
.00 Clear W
.00 Clear ....
.00 Clear
.00 Clear V!
.00 Clear EE
20
10
io
k
i-t
ii
6
— S
io
ACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRT.
. I Second Feet.
1901.
1803.
June 1. ....................
June 2 *.
June 3
June 4
June 5
June 6...*
June 7
June 8
June 0.'
June 10
June 11 ........... .........
June 12
June 13
June. 14
7265
7000
6750
6300
6300
6500
6265
6030
6030
5810
6590
5380
5380
53SQ
12.500
11.000
11.300
10.400
10.400
10,400
10.100
• 10.700
10.700
10.400
10.400
• 0.800
9,500
9.600
Second Feet.
1901.
1802.
une 1 10.927
une 2 11.567
une 3........... 12 -2?J
une 4........ 12,207
une 5.... H.-8S7
une 6..V....... 10.2S7
une 7.......... 11.247.
une 8..:... 10 -°2I
une 9 10,927
une 10... :..... 8.687
une It ......a e -Q°t
rune 12 • «°°i
rune 13 5.«£>
rune 14 5.102
6,413
4,805
4,810
5.470
6,415
7,070
C.415
7.400
10,280
9.010
8.6NO
O.32O
S>,O<X»
7.400
Second Feet.
DATE.
¦ « m
1001. 19C2.
—^— — — — • I
j un . i 15,440 B.71*
June 2 II 17.930 5,71 *
June 3." Ill II II M^O *2«0
June 4 IIIIII.... ".I** ».5W
Jure 5 S 0 - 530 *.«n
June 6 - 21-1*0 8.9W.
June". 20.KS0 11,770
June S... 19.880 U.I'n
June 9... 15- W0 1:< 24 rt
June 10 -••• 13.240 : 12.740
jun» tl 10.400 ¦ 10.400
June 12 '¦&*£¦ 12 - 710
June 13.V.. - "«.22O 1J240
June 14. ¦• 7..J0O 9.200
Second Feet.
DATE. -
DATE.
• I *
1001.' t 1002.
: --
I ,wr-
. . -. . ¦ . ., . :
juno l... .' ;......:
June 2
Juno :» r £•'."
June 4
June »> "....••...'.
June *S.....i ...'.
Jnne "..
June S
June '.»...-.
June 10 ...:
June It
June VZ\..
June 13.. '
June 14...............
-408 324
408 20S
".cr» 2?::
X'.H .T2t
:«i cos
• 12-t 27-!
2nS 27:|
™ I ." » II * » 1
SM 2:«
:»• 2i»
• 249 21» i
228" 1 20* .
I 3
c
¦ Es
¦r c
I 3
. e
S ? la I
• o • -. .. o
a
Aetoria 30.00
Baker 29.S6
Oarron iS>.72
Eur»ka 30. <H
Fresno 23. «S
Flattest I 29.52
Pocalclio. Id..29.70
Independence
I>».- Aneeles-.23.T8
Pfcoenix 2!».G2
Portliin<3 23. »8
R^-ni-jnr.....2n.72
RnscburR 29. 9S
Sacramento . .29.7tf
S*!t Lake 29. .V?
Ban Francisoo.29.*M
San t,. ObtBpo.29.86
Ran Diepo 29.78
Seattle 2O.J>«
ppokase 29. S6
N>ah iia>- 29. PS
W"8!Ia Walla.. 29. S6
Wlnneraucca .2fi.CS
Yuma '.29. C2
CA
cr,
74
GO
76
7S
IOC
70
KH
70
RO
«2
72
C4
O<?
70
7*
7<5
100
52-
40
44
r.4
<*>o
¦S2
54
«6
60
78
.'4
C2
C2
r«
82
W)
44
00
r.o
M
r.o
so
sw...pt aay .12
xn pt a<iy .00
W Clear .00
N Clwir .On
NW Clear .00
fiW Clear .00
W Cloudy T.
W " Clear* "66
W aear .00
W Qoudy .04
sn <1ear .00
N Clear .00
S Clear .00
N Clear .00
XT Clear .00
W Clear .00
KW Cloudy .00
TV rt CWy T.
RW Pt CIdy .00
¦VV Cloudy .OR
RW near .00
SW Cloudy .00
S Ciear .00
ACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRT.
. I Second Feet.
1901.
1803.
June 1. ....................
June 2 *.
June 3
June 4
June 5
June 6...*
June 7
June 8
June 0.'
June 10
June 11 ........... .........
June 12
June 13
June. 14
7265
7000
6750
6300
6300
6500
6265
6030
6030
5810
6590
5380
5380
53SQ
12.500
11.000
11.300
10.400
10.400
10,400
10.100
• 10.700
10.700
10.400
10.400
• 0.800
9,500
9.600
Second Feet.
1901.
1802.
une 1 10.927
une 2 11.567
une 3........... 12 -2?J
une 4........ 12,207
une 5.... H.-8S7
une 6..V....... 10.2S7
une 7.......... 11.247.
une 8..:... 10 -°2I
une 9 10,927
une 10... :..... 8.687
une It ......a e -Q°t
rune 12 • «°°i
rune 13 5.«£>
rune 14 5.102
6,413
4,805
4,810
5.470
6,415
7,070
C.415
7.400
10,280
9.010
8.6NO
O.32O
S>,O<X»
7.400
Second Feet.
DATE.
¦ « m
1001. 19C2.
—^— — — — • I
j un . i 15,440 B.71*
June 2 II 17.930 5,71 *
June 3." Ill II II M^O *2«0
June 4 IIIIII.... ".I** ».5W
Jure 5 S 0 - 530 *.«n
June 6 - 21-1*0 8.9W.
June". 20.KS0 11,770
June S... 19.880 U.I'n
June 9... 15- W0 1:< 24 rt
June 10 -••• 13.240 : 12.740
jun» tl 10.400 ¦ 10.400
June 12 '¦&*£¦ 12 - 710
June 13.V.. - "«.22O 1J240
June 14. ¦• 7..J0O 9.200
Second Feet.
DATE. -
DATE.
• I *
1001.' t 1002.
: --
I ,wr-
. . -. . ¦ . ., . :
juno l... .' ;......:
June 2
Juno :» r £•'."
June 4
June »> "....••...'.
June *S.....i ...'.
Jnne "..
June S
June '.»...-.
June 10 ...:
June It
June VZ\..
June 13.. '
June 14...............
-408 324
408 20S
".cr» 2?::
X'.H .T2t
:«i cos
• 12-t 27-!
2nS 27:|
™ I ." » II * » 1
SM 2:«
:»• 2i»
• 249 21» i
228" 1 20* .
STATIONS,
' 5 ' 5
la S3
PP
I I
x
I
m
o
a
in
2 %
job?
Chico 02
Cloverdale ...... 83
Colusa S4
Eureka CO
Fresno 92
Hanford 97
Hollister 78
Independence
King City : . SO
Llvermore 76
Ix>s Anrelea ... 78
Merced 91
Napa 87
Newman 91
Palermo . S3
PortervHle 94
Red Bluff 88
Riverside 93
Sacramento .... SO
San Diego 64
San Francisco.. 62
San Jose 76
S. L. .Obispo... 72
Santa Rosa .... 8+
Stockton £5
Ventura 77
Willows S3
62
67
61
54
60
09
48
C6
48
50
60
52
52
59
58
54
62
55
56
•ill
50
44
44
46
CO
53
50
.00 Clear S
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear N'
.00 Clear KW
.00 Clear
.00 Clear W
".00 Clear", N*'
.00 Clear ....
.00 Clear W
.00 Clear N'W
.00 Clear SW
.00 Clear ....
.00 Clear S
.00 Clear ....
.00 Clear SE
.00 Clear
.00 Clear S
.00 Cloudy SW
.00 Clear- . "W
.00 Clear
.00 Clear W
.00 Clear ....
.00 Clear
.00 Clear V!
.00 Clear EE
20
10
io
k
i-t
ii
6
— S
io
AUCTION SALES
50 HEAD AT AUCTION.
. ££¦ . ..- # 5^-
ONE CARLOAD MODOC HORSES
Consigned by James McCabe.
Also one carload thoroughly broken hlsn-cla»
DRIVING HORSES at STEWART'S
HORSE MARKET.
721 HOWARD STREET. Near Third.
Phone Main 1150.
MONDAY. June 30. 11 a. m.
A &* £*
Some GENTLE DRTVTNO AND WORK
HORSES'cheap at
STEWART* S HORSE MARKET.
721 HOWARD STREET.OAKLAND, June 26.— Licenses to marry
.were issued to-day to Samuel .B. Ames
Jr., aged 22, and Annie C. Spies, aged 21,
both of Oakland: John 8. Ross, 25, and
Mabel H. Whitney, 22, both of Berkeley;
John W. Silva, 27,Bolinas, and Grace K.
Weeks. 24, Oakland; Charles S. Kleln
claus, 26. and Henrietta Culbreth, 20, both
of San Frantlsco; Ole Hill, 4L and Marie
M. Peterson, 26,' both of Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
California Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West had a ladies' night In the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' building 7
last evening, which was attended by more
than 300 ladles, who were relatives and
friends of the members. For their enter
tainment there was an instrumental duet
by Messrs. Coret and Kelly, sentimental
songs by J. Crowley of Hesperian Parlor
an Interesting and instructive lecture on
"Life- In the Philippines" by T. C. West
who spent two years In the islands during
the war; vocal selection by Miss Sadie
Davis, humor by Lloyd Spencer, and in
strumental music, after which all the la
dies were treated to ice cream, cakes and
lemonade, after which there was dancing.
The committee in charge consisted of
John P. Linehan, John F. Mitchell and
E. G. Schultz, with E. Myron Wolf as
master of ceremonies. This parlor has ar
ranged for a grand bay excursion on the
Fourth of July on the steamer Amador.
California's Ladies' Nig-ht.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the Thirty-ninth Assembly District will
meet this evening at the corner of Post
street and Central avenue. The. club will
perfect its organization by the election of
an executive committee.
Thirty-Ninth District.
The Republican Mutual. Alliance of the
Thirtieth Assembly District held Its first
meetins at Teutonia Hall, 1320 Howard
street, last night Among those who ad
dressed the newly formed club were Sen
ator H. V.' Morehouse, George W. Lewis
and £•. Vincent. The officers of the new
organization are: J. T. Nichols, presi
dent; A. H. Cousins, vice president;
J. M. Wiley, second vice president: C.
Cottle, secretary; E. Rabjohn, treasurer;
Ed F. Hunt, sergeant-at-arms. District
organizers— Thomas - Desmond, J. J.
O'Connor, J, Brockman, Robert Buller,
T. R. Mann. Executive committee— D. J.
Curtis, George Bortfleld, William J. Hol
land, William Glidden. G. Wooiack,
Michael Rosenberg, H. C. Shultz, S. Ly
ser, James Casey. Phil Taussig, "William
McCarthy, N. S. Alexander, Joseph Mc-
Grorry, S. Cunningham, M. Marks, Fred
Butler, O. KIrschner, P. Corkery. in
dorsement—J. F. Nicholls, president; C:
Cottle, secretary. •
Alliance Is Formed.
Thirtieth Assembly District Mutual
NEW BEPUBI/ICAN CLUB.
CLIMATE OP SITKA
SHOWS QUEEB CHANGE
SEATTLE, Wash., June 26.— On June 21
the thermometer at Sitka registered 113
deprees. Never, the oldest Russian inhabi
tants say, has such heat been experienced
Jn the supposedly frigid climate of Alas
ka. The weather, of the entire preceding
¦week had been unusually warm, but the
maximum vas reached on the 21st. The
old rssidents say the climate at Sltka has
l-een gradually growing warmer for-tha
past twenty-five years. Each . summer
there appears to be less rain and the win
ter seasons are correspondingly milder.
Supreme Court Calendar Changed.
The Supreme Court has decided to con
tinue its calendar until August 11, in
stead of July 23, as previously announced.
The change has been . made in order to
£ive Justices and attorneys a better op
portunity to take a summer vacation.
The members of the Gage-Kevane-Agulr
re machine continue to receive the most
discouraging news from the interior. The
latest Intelligence .of a depressing nature
came from Sonoma County to the push
camp. ; Recent efforts to- awaken a little
enthusiasm In that county for Gage's
candidacy utterly failed. There are many
indications that the Republicans of North
ern California, following the example of
San Joaquin Valley Republicans, will send
to the State convention independent citi
zens of high character, who will not take
orders from the machine managers.
In Kern County strenuous exertions
were put forward to establish a Gage
club. After weeks of rallying and round
ing: up, it was found Impossible to get 'a
hundred voters into the camp.
The Republican County Committee of
San Francisco, which -was created by the
convention that nominated Wells for
Mayor and Fisk for District Attorney,
was counted on as an organization which
might be induced to take up the Gage
fight, but the committee practically
throws up the sponge and declares Gage
a beaten candidate. No doubt the ma
chine henchmen will resort to all kinds of
strategy to get a few Gage men on the
various Assembly district tickets, but the
voters will carefully scrutinize all the
names proposed and thus Identify the un
der-cover Gagelings. "The Gage cause is
so weak In San Francisco that his polit
ical advisers have not the courage to put
forward a straight-out Gage delegate
ticket in any district of the city. It is be
coming obvious to the leaders of the ma
chine forces that the people of California
will not tolerate an extension of the Gage-
Kevane-Aguirre administration.
Utter Failure Awaits Efforts to
Arouse Gag-e Enthusiasm. .
3XL-TIDINGS FOB PUSH. •
SEDRO "WOOLLEY. Wash., June 26.—
As the time draws near for the San Fran
cisco officer to arrive the man Bennett
grows uneasy. "When a policeman entered
his cell this morning to conduct him to a
restaurant for breakfast Bennett re
marked that he had no appetite and did
not care to go to eat. He complained
that the people stared at him too much
and for that reason he preferred not to be
seen on the street. He has appeared
v/orse and cast down during the day and
refused to talk or answer any questions.
Yesterday his demeanor was very differ-.
ent_ He talked and joked with the jailor
and the reporters and evinced no feel
ing whatever when the warrant charging
him with the murder of Nora Fuller was
read to him. In the loneliness of his cell
Bennett is evidently doing some deep
thinking and frequently remarks that he
•wishes he had not made a fool of himself.
He inquires as to the probable time of the
arrival of the San Francisco detective and
eaid to an officer to-day, "Well, if that
'Frisco cop don't know me, my conscience
will be clear any way, for I'll know I did
ray duty."
Whenever Bennett says anything about
the case he reiterates his former remarks
and Is positive In his statements that he
knows ; all' about " the ¦ murder and that
when he iells his story in court people
high in San Francisco society circles will
be implicated. He claims to possess- a
partly-used meal ticket on the"8an Fran
cisco restaurant outside of which "he met
and became acquainted with Miss Fuller,.
but in spite of all persuasion he refuses
to show it. Yesterday Bennett appeared
very anxious to employ legal talent to re
sist extradition but to-day he said he
¦would make no tight but would go back
to the scene of his alleged crir»e. The
opinion Is gaining gropnd here that the
man is either crazy or working for noto
riety. Detective Gibson is expected here
early to-morrow.
the Arrival of Detective
Gibson.
Ja&a in Jail at Sedro "Woolley Awaits
BENNETT NOW DECLINES
TO ANSWEB. QUESTIONS
Martin Kelly proceeded to enlighten the
meeting as to- the numerical strength of
the Fourth Congressional District com
mittee, appointed by the State convention
held at Santa Cruz. Chairman Riordan
thought that Kelly's information was not
of much value in guiding- the committee
on the matter of apportionment of dele
gates to the local convention.
The question of apportionment of dele
gates was not decided and the commit
tee having the matter in charge was
given further time to report.
, Resolutions that a petition be filed with
the Registrar calling for an official place
on the ballot for the primary election,
and that each member of the County
Committee be urged to use every effort
to secure registration of Republican
voters, were adopted. •¦¦-..•
The meeting adjourned to meet again
on Monday evening next at ~ the same
hall.
The committee suggested the formation
of Republican clubs in each Assembly
district of the city, to be maintained ' as
Independent organizations; that each club
shall nominate and select its own dele
gates to the convention, and that the
aelegrates shall remain unpledged. The
report was adopted.
K. M. Buckley, chairman of the com
mittee on apportionment, was not ready
to report and asked for further time. He
said- that the committee was not. quite
sure as to certain legal points.
Chairman Riordan explained that the
question to be decided by the committee
on apportionment was whether the num
ber of delegates to- the local, convention
be the sam£ as fixed for the State con
vention by the Republican State Central
Committee, or whether it be doubled.
John S. Partridge favored one set of
delegates for the local convention and an
other set for the State convention. P.
H. Prendergast and M. B. V. Taylor also
favored doubling the apportionment of
delegates. >
Ralph I* Hathorn, chairman of the
committee to draft a plan of permanent
organization, presented a report based on
the lines suggested in the letter men
tioned. The report deplored the dissen
sions In the Republican party of San
Francisco, and said the lack of harmony
was due to petty jealousies, factional dif
ferences ana personal ambitions, and that
there was no reason why the party should
not work as a unit.
The Republican County Committee met
last evening at Shiels Hall, 32 O'Farrell
street, for the purpose of hearing reports
of the various committees recently ap
pointed by Chairman T. D. Rlordan. For
ty-eight members answered the roll call.
The proceedings were monotonous.
Secretary C. McClellan read a communi
cation, signed by J. C. Campbell as chair
man of a recent meeting of Republicans,
recommending to the County Committee
that clubs be formed in each Assembly
district, that should be- dominated by no
one man or set of men or corporation,
and should be absolutely independent.
The communication also suggested that
the mottoes of these clubs should be "no
bossism," "clean politics" and "home
rule. ' The letter was received and placed
on tile.
Miss Clemmons is a familiar figure on
the streets of this city because of her
acentric dress. She. always wears sev
eral strings of large rosary beads around
her waist.
Detective Coleman says Miss Clemmons
has magnificently furnished rooms in
•which are an altar and many valuable im
ages. At the front gate of the house she
has an image of the Sacred Heart and
there are rosary beads hanging on the
post.
Yetterday Miss E. M. Clemmons, sister of
Catherine Clemmons, the former actress,
now the wife of Howard Gould, admitted
that the box was her property. She was
seen early yesterday morning by Detec
tivs Coleman to go up to the box and
after hastily scrutinizing the contents
walk up Sutter street. Coleman Im
mediately stepped up to her and requested
that she go to Captain of Detectives Mar
tin and give an explanation of her col
lection of alms in such a peculiar manner.
Miss Cltnimons was very candid with
Captain Martin. She explained to him
that she was anxious to convert all the
Chinese and Japanese boys possible to the
Catholic faith. She said she conducted a
small mission at 660 Pine street, and
though it was not indorsed by Archbishop
Rlordan she would wait on him to-day
and explain her work. She also consent
ed to take the box down.
The owner of the charity box decorated
•with rosary beads, a crucifix and an
American lias, and attached to a tele
graph pole at the corner of Sutter and
Kearny streets, has been found. As soon
as the article concerning it appeared in
The Call. Captain Martin detailed Detec
tive Thomas Coleman to investigate.
Oriental Boys at Her
Residence.
•¦ -..
Is Conducting Mission for
Question of Apportionment
of Delegates Still Un
decided.
Little Mamie • Perry Exhibits
the Pluck of a Genuine
Heroina
Unfounded Suspicions
Against Mother.
Children Tell of Father's
ALAMEDA, June 28.— Because she did
not want to frighten her mamma, little
Mamie Perry, who was injured by being
flung from a train this morning, refused
to ride in the city ambulance to her home.
She sat on the seat of the vehicle with the
driver and when a block from her par
ents' house asked that the ambulance be
stppped so ' that she could walk the re
mainder of the way. Her request was
granted and the suffering child, in com
pany with the driver, walked painfully to
the .front- door of her home. Her head
was wrapped in bandages and her body
ached, but she was happy in the thought
that the "ambulance did not "scare
mamm;v" . •
Little Mamie lives with her parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Perry, at 2530 Bland
ing avenue; She was sent early this morn-
Ing to deliver a quart of milk in the vicin
ity of the Morton-street station." After
doing so she boarded the train going
toward the mole to ride to the pier with
her father, who was on his way to work.
The child left her milk can in the station
house at Morton street, intending to get
it when the train returned. On the return
trip .the train did not stop at Morton street
and Mamie attempted to alight- while It
was under fast headway. She was hurled
to the street and rendered unconscious.
Her scalp was badly lacerated and she
was eut and bruised in numerous places.
After being - carried into a near-by resi
dence and given . treatment, the child T»
galn«d consciousness, told where the lived
and the ambulance was summoned to tak«
her there.
j The twenty-first grand complimentary
musical and literary entertainment of the
San , Francisco Scottish Thistle Club will
take- ¦ place at the Metropolitan Temple
th{s evening, when the - following pro
gramme will be presented:- *
Selections on the bagpipes. Champion' EJ
Ross; address, Hon. Mayor Sehmiti; special
ties. Miss Hazel Aubery: song, "Whistle and
I'll Come tg You. My Lad," Miss Daisy Kean:
sword dance. Master d'Arcy Williamson: bary
tone aolo, »'True Till Death." E. E. M. Htbb«rt;
Irish . hornpipe. Miss Alma Bohn; tenor solo.
"The March of the Cameron Men." Robert
Howden; the favorite- contralto. Miss Minnie
Huff, In her great singing; specialty: basso solo.
William -McDonald; musical sleighbell3. "An
nie-Laurie." Mls3 Nellie B. Waters; Knicker
bocker quartet; sailors' hornpipe. R. Rlntoui;
"Oh. That We Two Were Maying" (Nevm),
Mis* Rose Broderick; specialties. Arnold Gra
zer: tenor solo. Herbert Williams: top-boot
dance, Anderson and Aubery; "Auld Lang
Byre." by the audience; under the- leadership
p£ Robert Howden: accompanist. C. H. Reed.
Thistle Club's Musicals.
Funeral of Theodore Hosmer.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. June 26.—
The funeral of .Theodore* Goodman H.os
mer took place to-day at the family home
In Palo Alto. The services, .which were
attended by the parents, sister and about
seventyrflye friends of the deceased, were
conducted, by Bishop Nichols of San Ma
teo, assisted by the .Rev. Mr, Galway of
Menlo Park. -¦ ¦ ; ¦'¦'- : -<-. .-",
The Supervisors' Committee, on Artificial
Lights reported yesterday in favor of
awarding the contracts to light with gas*
the various public buildings to the low
est bidder, with the stipulation that wher
ever a lower rate is furnished to prlvata
consumers the city shall have the benefit.
Contract for Public Ligrhting.
Seventy -Two Dollars and Forty Cents
To Minneapolis and return. On July first
and - second the Santa Fe will sell ticket*
at this low rate, account the. annual meet
ing'of the National Educational Associa
tion. 1 Return limit August 31, 1902. Special
side ride rates to the Grand Canyon will
be granted to holders of these tickets.
Call upon or write to the Santa Fe ticket
agent, 641 Market St., for folder and full
particulars. . ~;"i7- -
John D; "Wheelock and his. wife, Lizzie
J. Wheelock, filed a suit for $3000 dam
ages agalngt-Dr. P. I* Talcott yesterday,
alleging that Talcott ruined the halrdress»
ing business which they, with J. F. Clark
and his wife,, conduct at 11 40 Market
street. Talcott, it i3 alleged, raised their
rent from $80 to ,$150 per month in order
to compel them to vacate the premises
so that he .could occupy them. They were
damaged to the exent of the amount sued
for. they allege, by a large sign placed
on the building announcing that Dr. Tal
cott would occupy the premises on June 1.
Sign Ruins Business.
J. B. Black, the man. of many aliases,
appeared ' in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday and was . Instructed and ar
raigned on the new charge preferred
against him bv C. S. Scott, cashier -of
the Western National Bank, of making 1
and passing a nctictious check for $S0O
pn the Citizens' Bank of Santa Clara,
signed "G. A. 'Graves." The attorneys
for the defendant said they were ready
to proceed, but at the request of Assistant
District Attorney Weller a continuance
was granted till to-morrow. The Judge
refused to reduce Black's bonds. ,.''•¦
Black Arraigned on New Charge.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June" 26.
¦ Thomas Devine, the slayer of John J.
O'Connor, .against whom he nursed a
grudge of twenty years' standing be
cause of an imaginary injury, was put
on trial to-day befbre a jury In Judge
Melvin's court, ¦ where his sanity will be
determined.
•The trial of Devine on a charge of in
sanity is a novel proposition. In the case
of the Rev. Charles G. Adams for the
murder of Dr. J. G. .Je.ssup, the former
minister was first tried for homicide, and,
after acquittal, was tried by a jury on
a charge of insanity and^ declared In
sane. In this case the authorities have
decided to first try Devine by a jury to
determine his sanity.
Deputy District Attorney Samuels and
Attorney M. C. Chapman of defendant's
counsel did not haggle much over the
qualifications, and in less than an hour
after beginning this morning they had
the necessary twelve. These were: M.
Laingi.G. F. Leon, Gottleib Zeh, A. A.
Graves, E. H. Clawiter, C. D. Hayes, A.
B. Clark, Joseph Davis, Colby Collins, E.
A. Moody, J. B. Baxter and D. E. Bor
tree. ¦¦¦-¦.
DAUGHTEB TESTIFIES."
Miss j May Devine, the defendant's
daughter and a student at the State Uni
versity, first told of her father's weak
nesses. She remembered his unannounced
departure for Ireland in 1884, after hav
ing accused hia wife at their then home
in San Pablo of intimacy with O'Connor.
The wife was Jeft destitute, but she man
aged to get funds and follow him and
bring him back to California: She related
Instances of hysterical conduct, and
expressed her unqualified belief in his
insanity.. ... .• .....-•
Devine's eldest daughter. Miss Joseph
ine, who teaches school, tola of the insane
delusions her father entertained regard
ing her mother and O'Connor. She said
there was not the slightest suspicion
against either of them. She heard him
say often that he would die 'for O'Connor
some time, and his imaginary enemy's
name was ever on his tongue.
"He thinks he ought to be hanged, fqr
the killing," she said. "He shows no re
morse for the crime. I think he enjoys
the prospect of hanging. He thinks there
is something wrong because he has not
been hanged already." ' ,.
EXPERTS GIVE TESTIMONY.
Dr. A. M. Gardner of the Napa Insane
Hospital, J. W. ¦ Robertson of the Liver
more Sanitarium, Dr. O. D. Hamlin and
Dr. J. P. Dunn all offered expert testi
mony, all asserting their belief in De
vine's mental incapacity to realize the
enormity of his crime. ¦
j Jerry Savage and Michael Sullivan, sec
ttion men. who worked under Devlne,' r and
Neal Devine, his son, testified that they
believed him insane. All heard . him
make threats against O'Connor, and' stat
ed that he seemed to be preoccupied at
all times with thoughts, about- the man
he killed after twenty years' delibera
tion.
During the conduct of the case Devine
sat in a chair, apart from his counsel
and spoke not a word. He was more
indifferent of the proceedings than the
most casual spectator in the. courtroom.
At recess his children ¦ gathered . around
him. but he ¦was not concerned about the
consultations.' He seemed annoyed -when
his daughters tolrf'the jury that they be
lieved him tp be insane, because he holds
that he is. positively sane. '¦•':• ¦. • -. ."*-.. .--.,'•.'
The case win. be .concluded to-morrow.
SYNDICATE ACCEPTS \ ,
. THE BID OI MOREOW
Captain of the Challenger Becomes
the Owner of the "Winner of
Perpetual Cup.
A meeting of the syndicate of members
of the San Francisco Yacht Club owning
the racing yacht The Challenger was held
Wednesday, night at the Merchants,' Ex
change for the purpose of- determining
the disposition of the winner of the Per
petual Challenge cup.
After some discussion it was decided to
accept the bid made by W.- G. Morrow,
into whose possession the . yacht will
shortly pass. , The outstanding claims
against the yacht, which amount to about
$950. will be paid and the surplus will be
divided pro - rata among the - subscribers
to the fund for the building of the yacht.
Great satisfaction' was. expressed' by
those present at the meeting at the fact
that the speedy craft' will be owned by
the yachtsman who sailed her to victory
in the cup race. ,' " .
Pound Deputy Arrested.
Arthur T Murphy, a .deputy- poundkeeper,
was arrested yesterday ( on a charge of
battery and was released 1 on $20 cash bail.
He is accused of knocking down and beat
ing Pike Clough, a man over .70 years. of
age, on Golden. Gate avenue, near Jeffer
son Square,. Wednesday morning while
taking a pup from the old man. Clough' is
confined to his bed and the warrant was
sworn' put "by ¦ his daughter, Mrs. A; A.
Powell^ 1001 Natoma street. ..." . % .
Plans Are Formulated by
Republican County
Committee.
Howard Gould's Sister
in-Law Claims the
. Charity Box.
Injured Child Refuses to
Be Taken Home in
; Ambulance.
J. J. O'Connor's Slayer
oh Trial Before a
DESIRE CLUBS
INDEPENDENT
DEVINE'S SANITY
UNDER THE TEST
PREVENTS FRIGHT
TO HER MOTHER
MISS CLEMMONS
IS THE OWNER
H. P. DALTON AND G. A. OAKES
ARE ELECTED FOR INDICTMENT
¦¦¦'. ¦-¦,i.\ . ¦¦,.¦:. ¦« •-¦;•.;••- .'-•"- :; -:.''* - -• '- ¦¦,• .. V:-: i . ¦-/ -.¦ ' - ¦. : ¦ ¦, ., .;,- , ¦ , ¦ : . . ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, FIIIDA:Y, JUNE 27, 1902.
. EVERETT, Wash., Junp 26.— The GJ A. R
'Encampment decided to hold next year's meet
ins at Spokaiie- '. ' ,.".. V, . ' '.
Yoscmite Council' No. 39 of the National
Union has arranged for a bay. excursion
on the ' Mpnticello on, Sunday next. s The
excursionists will be takenlto the Union
Iron Works, pass Alcatraz, stop at El
Campo for an hour, then go to' Point
Pedro, Vallejo, Martinez, '.: Benicia and
Army Point. " •
Yosemite's Bay Excursion.
Mysterious Burning of Freight Bepot
BEAUMONT, Texas, June . 26.— Another
of the freight depots' of the * Southern
Pacific Railroad here ' was burned this
morning in identically the same manner
and at almost the same hour as the first
one destroyed six weeks ago. The. com
pany's agents declare that they -have no
explanation to offer for' the fire, which
totally destroyed the $10,000. freight depot
and from $50,000 to $100,000 worth of freight
stored therein.
• .' VICTORIA— Sailed June 26-r-Stmr Tees, • for
Skagway. "¦" .Vi* : . .: • ¦, ¦•;•
•'¦"Arrived June 26— Ship Paramito, hence Juno
3; Br. stmr Klrkdale, Jienpe June, 21.
FOREIGN PORT.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 20— Stmr Oeeano, for
Caps Town: stmr Sequoia, for Ban Francisco.
Arrived June ' 2(5 — Schr ' Xohn " A, from' San
Francisco. " ,~ -¦ . • .
PORTLAND— Sailed June 20— Stmr Oeeano
for Cape Town;- stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco. ¦ , ' • - ".
' BE ATTt»E-^Sailed June 20— S. tmr Excelsior,
for .Valdez. ~ **-\" • . ' • ¦
*.' Arrived June 26— Stmr Dolphin, from Skag
way;-bark. Alexander McNeil, from San Fran
clsco;.fltmr Cottage -City,; from Sltka. -
• TACOMA— Arrived' June 20— Schr Anna Lar
sen, '. from " San ¦ fedro ; - schr '• Luzon, from San
Pedro; -bktn Portland, from San Francisco. -••
Sailed' June 26-^Schr Hayden Brown, for San
Pedro \ Am^ bark Gatherer, for San. Francisco;
Ger stmr Pentaur, for Port Blakeley; Am atmr
Edith, for; Seattle; : stmr .Victoria, for Hon^
kong. ¦?',••'¦''-¦• ¦*¦ : ~- -¦- ¦ .¦;<%...
DOMESTIC PORTS.
, . ; , Thursday, June 26.'
Schr Parkersbursy. Elllngsen, 6 days from
Coquille River. " ,v-i ¦•
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The ¦,, Supervisors' ' Police , Committee
granted , permits yesterday for amateur
boxing permits to the San Francisco Ath
letic 'Clulv on. July. 2 and to the. Lincoln
Athletic Club on July 15.
Grants Boxing- Permits;
These pensions were .issued to-day—Cal
ifornia — Original — Mexican [ war — John
York, St. Helena, $12. 1 War with Spain-
William J.D.' 1 Kramer, Redding, $6; Delan
cy Cleveland Jr., . Kenwood;. $17. \ Increase
— John.W. Lecwis, Campb.ell, $10;. Charles
Schenk.'j California Veterans'. Home, Napa,
$10; j Alexander Selover, Santa Barbara,
$14;; Henry Roach, Soldiers' Home, Loi
Angeles, $6; ¦ Moses H. Bliss, Pasadena,
$12. Widows— Anna A. McMillan, Sar,
Francisco, $8;: Susan Fletcher, Oakland,
$8; Susan A. Volkmar, Pasadena, $35. <
Oregon— Original — Charles F/ Knowles,
Mist,. $8;" James B. Burns, Plush, $8,
Increase— Narnrad, Wall, ¦ Sllverton, $12. .
Washington— Original— War with Spain
— Edwin J.Mlnnich, Aberdeen, $6.
Army ' o'rders— First Lieutenant "Robert
B. GVubbs, . assistant ; surgeon, is "ordered
from- the Philippines to San Francisco,
to await further orders. .Captain Ed
ward L.' Munson, assistant surgeon, goes
from this " : city .to San Francisco: thence
August 1, to the Philippines.
Washington— James Ewart.v Colfax;
Irene Robinson, Kerns; William A. Spain,
Monte Crlsto; Fields M. Halsay, Lake;
Henry Belden, Ozette. Appointed—Cal
ifornia—L. F. Bennett, Schneider,-Siski
you County,' vice Margaret Johnston, re
signed. '•..'¦' . -'.
Oregon— M. : M.' Babcock, Althose, Jo
sephine County, vice M. E.- Leonard,
removed; G. O. Powers, Blue River, Lane
County, vice S. C. Sparks, removed;
Jacob Krebs, , FarmlngtQn,-: Washington
County, vice John Boge, removed; G. W.
Beatty, Rossland, Crook C6unty, j vice S.
M. Findley," removed.. ' . : '
1 Postmasters commissioned— Calif ornia—
Thomas J L. Dargie, I Oakland ; ! Austin
Young, Randsburg; '..'William J.-Hill, Sal
inas; Stephen ' F." Kelley, San Bernardino;
ArnoH.. Wilson, Atlas. \ ¦
: -WASHINGTON, . June 26.-Postofflc<
establlsHed-VWashlngton— Ozette. Clallan
County. •¦.-.'.•_ ¦ '..'.;..
Postal Service and New Pen
sions Granted.
Several- Changes Are Made in th<
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF* THE PACIFIC COAST
.MADRID, June 26.— A gunpowder mag
azine at tlje encampment of Carabanchel,
five miles from here, exploded this..m6rn-
Ing.' Two men were killed and fourteen
were injured. The shock was felt for
mUes. Scores, of, houses were damaged,
the doors of the royal palace were thrown
open by the force of . the explosion and
many windows were smashed. The King,
accompanied 'by the members of his
household,, joined the crowd whicM hur
ried to the scene in drder to ascertain' the
extent of the damage.: ¦',
Outside the City Blows Up Kill
ing Two Men.
Gunpowder Magazine Five Miles
ROYAL PALACE AT MADBID
IS DAMAGED BY EXPLOSION
The wedding ceremony was performed
yesterday afternoon by. the Rev. Dr. Kid
der of St. Ann's Church, Boston, and the
couple kept it secret until' last evening,
when they arrived at the Bellevue Hotel.
The actress bride met and married Al
Webber shortly after she appeared With
the Rice extravaganza "Pop," . but di
vorced him a short time later. » r
NEW YORK, June 26.— Irene Perry! a
beautiful actress, known to the public
through her long- association with Au-.
gustin Daly's dramatic company and her
leading parts in "The Crystal Slipper,"
"The Circus Girl" and "The Runaway
Girl," has been won as a bride by Harvey
Wil8pn Bell, one of the wealthiest young
society' men In Boston.
Mias Perry has recently been with "The
Defender" company, now playing at the
Columbia Theater, Boston, and her im
personation of Mrs. Jack Gardiner was
one of the catchiest hits of the town.
The company was thrown Into a flutter of
excitement by the announcement that the
young actress had suddenly left the com
pany and it was not until this, morning
that any but the closest friends knew. the
real reason. .
Irene Perry of Augustin Daly's
Company.
Harvey "Wilson ' Bell Is Married to
SOCIETY MAN OF BOSTON j
"WEDS A POPULAR ACTRESS
The session of the Grand Jury to-day
was exciting. Some of, the members want
ed to bring in other indictments, and it
took the inquisitorial body from early
morning until late in the; afternoon to fln-
No action was taken upon the charge
against G. B. Daniels of the Oakland En
quirer, and a general impression, with ap
parently some foundation, that Daniels
will not be brought under the ban of the
Grand Jury is growing. (
the District Attorney to draw up
at least two and possibly more indict
ments. Two men who found a majority,
of the Grand Jury against them are Coun
ty Assessor Henry P. Dalton and George,
A. Oakes. When the Grand Jury meets
again on Saturday final action will be tak
en and true bills formally returned.
OAKLAND, June 26.— The drand
Jury voted on several indictments
to-day and finally adjourned af
ter instructing its secretary and
The public report of the Grand Jury will
not be made until Saturday morning, but
the votes were, taken to-day upon nearly
all of. the cases that are before them.
The reason for the failure to include G.
B. Daniels in the list of those for whqm
indictments are being prepared is said
to.be owing to the fact that Daniels did
There were . no witnesses called before
the Grand Jury to-day, the only person
to go before it being Distrjct Attorney J.
J. Allen. Mr. Allen had a long Bession
with the Grand Jury in the morning and
another in the afternoon. After the Grand
Jury adjourned John W. Tompklns, the
secretary," was closeted with the District
Attorney in consultation over the prepara
tion of the papers ordered.
NO WITNESSES CALLED.
ally make up Its mind. Because of this
the story found currency that indictments
of two other members of. the Enquirer
staff had been ordered prepared. Whether
these other cases will come up for consid
eration on Saturday next is not certain,
but no conclusion was reached to-day.
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton re
fused to discuss the matter to-night, tak
ing the ground that he would say nothing
until the report of the Grand Jury was
formally filed. , '¦¦¦'.-" •¦
Emil Nusbaumer, who first made the
charges against ) Dalton and Daniels to
the District Attorney, said ' to-night that
if both of "the men against whom he had
brought the charges were not indicted he
would swear j to warrants . before a-'Jus
tice of the Peace and force them to" trial.
This left the onus of , the transaction
upon ', Dalton, Oakes and Stedman; and
there were some of the grand jurors who
wanted to involve all in the deal.
As Stedman originally made the affida
vit upon which this action is based, this
turn of affairs has 'been a surprise to
many. who have been watching the inves
tigation. Threats have been freely made
that Stedman and possibly others would
be implicated before the investigation was
finally concluded.
It is believed that the Grand Jury is go
ing to make some comments upon the sys
tem of ordering supplies and paying there
for that will permit books being ordered
and payment made for them' without their
beine delivered. ; '•
DANIELS ESCAPES ONUS.
not receive any of the money that was
drawn from th« county for himself, and
that he testified before the Grand Jury
that 11500 was turned: over to County As
sessor Henry P. Dalton. Mr. Daniels, It
Is said, disclaimed any knowledge of the
transaction, except the'mere transfer of
the money to the County Assessor. ' He is
said to have denied any knowledge of the
preliminary order for books upon which
the checks were Issued, and; this, he said,
was in the hands of Russel. Stedman.
TWO MEN WHO MAY BE INDICT
ED, AND THE "MAN WHO PRE
¦ FERRED THE CHARGES.
C
9
' We have just received from 'Ecuador, South America, another • |j
shipment of -genuine Panamas, v as pictured above. , They come : : in j|
. swell shapes and are nicely! trirnmed. V They are genuine Panamas \ ||
" and we are ready to immerse any of the hats for three hours or '1
more in water to prove to any doubter, that the hats are: genuine. • [I
.Water makes an imitation .Panama turn black, but does not af- )|
"'"<•': feet a genuine^in the least. ....•• -. ||
- Panamas as good as-these are selling about town for. $12.00 fj
- and $15.00; . our price : is '-. ||
-:>,'• ' m7 \ Ja Jr \ Jr " " II
¦v- -.Anybody not satisfied with. a hat after purchasing can have his B
money back.. The quantity' is limited— come early. I
Good enough I
A \X Havana Fi ller
" FL0R0D0RA" BANDS en&
cf same value as tags from
" STAR." *' HORSE SHOE,"
* SPEARHEAD:'" STANDARD NA V7."
"OLD PEACH & HONEY."'
"SAW LOG." "OLE VARCINY'*
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
ftTHE SAN iFRANGISCq, GALLj FRIDAY, JUISTE 27, ;19p2.
10
LODGING HOTJSRS ' : FO R SALB~Con.':
12 ROOMS; elegant; first-class; clears $7O.$12O0
20 rooms; clears $05; only. ............. S00
12 rooms; corner; clears $50 325
45 rooms; clears $200 2200
20 rooms; clears $60 200
18 rooms; Just listed ....'. - 650
30 rooms; dears $250: Investigate 3200
"20 rooms; north Market; clears $100 1300
100 rooms; clears 5600 .........'. 9500
RETSLOFF-McMILLEN; phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rms. 7-8).
A. CAMERON & CO., ,
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 323.
' If you have hotels. -rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
6ult you; have bargains In hotels, lodfflng-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to
. chow houses. Carriage, at door.
Money leaned, 1% per cent.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.$6500
300 rooms: corner house; for men 6000
1C rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain.... ".. .600'
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st — (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances ¦ and real estate, --r
We furnish vacant houses and' .
- loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every "day. ..
New houses to lease.
$150 CASH, balance in mortgage, will buy a
. rood located 12-room lodsrlng-house. . Mc-
; BRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
$100 CASH, balance mortgage, for 7-room lodg-
ing-house. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
CORNER house; 11 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251^4 Mis-
sion Et. cor.. Ninth; '
$75 WILL put you in a house newly furnished
clearing $25 r-er month. Inquire 842 Howard.
SPIRITUALISM.
DR. A. FOSTER, famous spiritualist trance
and materializing medium; free test meeting
every night; spirit messages; sittings daily.
123 Turk st. . :*.•-«--
BROCK WAY. 1052 Ellis st, near Franklin;
materializing seance; Sun. Tues. and- Friday
nights. 50c; readings daily: phone Polk 245G.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY," clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium. life reader; elt $1; letter $2; examines ¦
ore.. 1164 O'Farrell st. nr. Gough: Ellis car.
Attend Mrs. Harland's circle to-night, 10c; pro-
phetic readings; ladies 50c; gents $1. 132 Cth.
Mother Sadie: materializing seance to-day, 12
o'clock. 50c. 1084 Bush; Phone Larkln 4133.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance.test medium reading's
50c, $1. 316 Third st: cir. Tues.-, Fri.. 25c.
MRS. HAUSER, ; wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; 60c 2S Sixth st, room 1. A
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thura.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ;
~~ PROF. PAUlTbESTINEr
The First Registered, as Well as the First
Graduate Palmist and Clairvoyant
Ever In San Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may .be consulted daily on all
affairs of life; bis information and advice
on marriage, divorce, separation, love and
family affairs, business transactions, law-
suits, mining, etc.. are accurate and truth-
ful; he reunites the separated, settles lovers'
quarrels, causes speedy marriages, makes
you successful and prosperous; locates hid-
den treasures and mines; settles old estates
and accounts - that time and circumstances
have placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness;
long-standing and chronic diseases that have
baffled the physicians' skill cured without
the use of medicine; " there is no- home so
sad and drear}', no heart so forsaken and
lonely, no life so hard and blighted that can-
not be set right and kept right after a visit
to this inspired man of modern times; no
matter what trouble you may have, call and
he will help you or charge nothing for his
services; "palmistry taught, medlumistlc
persons developed"; learn a profession that
will bring you from $10 to $25 per day; 10
a. m. to S p. m.; fee reasonable.
326 —O'Farrell Street 326
MME. M. BERNARD. '
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past," reveals the present hap-
, penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great me-'
dium and you will be told ¦ how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up: satisfaction guaranteed. TeL Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?" "
PROFESSOR MARCO.
Reunites the separated.
Causes speedy marriages;
Advice given on any subject;
Mediums developed (guaranteed); '
Palmistry taught:
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS. .
Office, 412 Post st. — 412.
Dally, 10 to 12, 2 to 6. 7 to 9.
Sundays, 2 to 5 p. m. '.-;•;;.
- Readings by mail, 3 questions $1 00. -
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered, $1: full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A— 25c; SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs ; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages in 9 days. 10 to
8 dally. . 1010 Mission st. near Sixth:
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 60. 126 Turk.
DON'T be deceived by large advertisemeRts;
call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palm-
lst; readings by mall. 1016 Market st.
TOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes' true; send dime & birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. JACQUES. 1035 Market St.. Tel. Folsom
34 — Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant: read-
ings dally this we»k. 25c and up; hours 10 to 9.
WYLLIE, photo medium; skeptics, bring cam-
era and plates; do your own developing. 309
Turk st '•-.:.-
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up." 5 Fourth st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant and palmist; truth
or no pay; 25c up. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. HAXSKN, clairvoyant, reads card and
palny; 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 6th. r. 14.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards A tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 60c. 621 V» Eddy.
OLDEST palmist and card reader In city; la-
.dies 25c; gentlemen. 60c. 1032. Market st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card readeirTsIt-
tlngs dally. 44SH Jessie at. bet. 5th & 6th.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant andi high pnychUt;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. BROWN, -clairvoyant card reader; ladies
23c; gent* 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATTING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Can>et-beat-
Ir.c Works. 353-S37 .Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. O. Kleinert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 723.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleanlng2%cyd;upholster-
Ing. 1213 Market,bet8th&9th;teI.Howard2012.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'8 Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. r
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno*
vatlng Ca. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74>
COLLECTION . OFFICES.
ADVICE free — Columbian Law and Collection
Agcy.. r. 85. 918 Market St.; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. JCELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO liET. . .
$14 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage Row, • near
Bush, bet Sutter and Bush. Inquire 2111 H
Bush st.' ' ' . - -
A GRADUATE specialist in each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected lrom the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices in H. F. :
painless .• extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. • E.
• W. PERKINS. Pres., 969 Mission st, SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651*.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC,' 809 Market' cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our speclalty:gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions f rec,$4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p.. m.; Sunday*.
9 to 2. J..W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
' EA8T Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R.,C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break:
.warranted 20 yrs.: crowns. $3 50; flIlIngs,50c;
plates. $5. full eet;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental ' Parlors. 24 Sixth st.'
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearr.y, cor. Bush— »
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns.$2 up; fllllngs,25c.
SET of teeth without rd***. dr.". h.'. C
YOUNG.' 1841 i Polk ar
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
_____'_____' EDDCATIONAL. - '. _
HEALD'S^^'sHrTOL^bF^L^CTRicAir^NiGI^
NEERING— Theory. • demonstration, ¦ construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
;: practical: day and night 24. Post ¦ st; S. F.;
catalogue, free. ,. :: .- ,
A— IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
- how do they all get positions and hold them"
80 positions since April 1-" Ellis bookkeeping
makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Business Col-
-. lege, 1236 Market st. " ' . '¦ '
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
" all subjects pertaining . to mining and mining
' engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for : the university, law . and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or. any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.. '.'. -v.v
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined Fhort-
liand and commercial course to be had ; ln-
- dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt.
OTHER ' students, graduates and teachers take
- penmanship, bookkeeping,, etc., with , Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
sf, for their new catalogue; It is free and the
nicest in the State. Life. scholarship. $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec..minin§:,mech.,sur-
• vey. assay, cyanide;- day. eve. ; est. 1S04. Van
der Naillen School; 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
' associated with theatrical agency securing
. positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
LADY pianist requires engagements;' pupils
wanted for mandolin and piano. 2755 Bush.
Chicago Business College. 1435' Market, nr.lOth;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Herpirt. only teacher West.desires pupils.Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School ActIng,120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve.; $3 mo. 1021 Mission.nr.Cth.
VIOLIN. Alandolin. guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
' teacher. IOCS Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F-,
founded . 1SC3 ; new SO-page ' catalogue free. •
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
. 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock- i
ton; tel' Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 621 Bush st; tel. Bush 616.
JAP reliable housecleanlng, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st.; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED young lady desires position as
saleslady In bakery or cashier In restaurant;
ref s. Call or address 113 Cedar ave.
COMPETENT infant's nurse . wishes a situa-
tion; can give good reference. 211 Minna st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German s lady
wishes a position as housekeeper in widow-
er's family or small family. Address L. H.,
or call at 246 Third st, In the forenoon.
COMPETENT young woman, . speaking French
and English, hospital nurse and ¦ assistant
-bookkeeper, desires position. • MISS ..H. G.,
1259 O'Farrell st. • . , ¦
MIDDLE-AGED . German lady would like to
I have a position as housekeeper for widower ,
¦with 1 or 2 children. Please call from 2 to
6 p. m.. 937 Mission St.
. .<
WOMAN wants work by the day washing, iron-
ing or housecleanlng. MRS. B., 49 Clemen-
tlna-£t ¦ . '-
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. nsar Mar-
kct— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per. night* $1 80
to $C week; convenient and respectable; frea
' bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT' ads and subscriptions tSken for The'
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and.
;, subscriptions has been established . at 1093
Valencia st.
WASTED— MALE.""
YOUNG man desires., position- In, -doctor's of-
fice; :>',4 years' experience iri "hospital work;
good education: excellent recommendations.
Room 11, Grant ave. -. '
POSITION in real estate or business office by
man of 22; reliable, energetic, experienced;
money no to commence. Address
C. F.. 1414. Turk st. -
SOBER young man | wishes work as choreman
about private family; can milk, care . for
horses and do inside work; have references.
Box 1074. Call office.
SOBER young man wishes steady work in a
I general blacksmith shop to learn trade; some
experience. Box 1225, Call.
BARKEEPER wants situation; city or coun-
try; speaks German and French. Address
Barkeeper, 625 Clay st. ; , V '.:>' »'V
GARDENER, flrst-class. can milk a cow; ref-
erences. Address box 1232, Call office. ,
WANTED — Situation as cook for small board-
ing-house; good on pastry; German: in coun-
try. HEINRICH-. .58 Third st, Winchester
House.
BUTTER maker wants position In creamery or
as foreman of large dairy; understands separ-
ator and all modern machinery. Box 1202,
Call office." .
POSITION as cook wanted; a steady, indus-
trious man wishes to cook for students or
camping party or on a ranch. Box 1189, Call.
SALESMAN wants first-class line of goods to
handle on sal, or com. ; Box 1208, CalL
BOOKKEEPER or assistant bookkeeper- de-
sires position with some good firm; best of
references. Box 1161. Call.
STEADY, sober young man wishes to drive
team or do porter work. Box 1198, Cal.
A YOUNG Irishman. 22, would like to learn
bartending trade; some experience. Box 1157,
C«ll- . . . •.
WANTED — Position as bartender, by a compe-
tent ' man ; country preferred. Address box
4R88. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Painting and paper "hanging: city
or country; at low figure. Box 1163. Call.
A, YOUNG man. 22, desires a position as night
clerk In hotel: city or country. Box 115S,Call.
JAPANESE- wants' position as school boy In
small family. Address GEORGE TAHAHA-
SHI, 1320 Pine st.
COMPETENT Chinese cook wants, situation,
city or country. Address JOE TEEP, 763
Clay frt ¦ . ¦. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109G
¦Valencia st. -
_ JfircAXCi al.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific • States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 320 Post-
SOUD investment;' safe as biggest bank: pro-
fitable; sure; money back when needed' like
bank; big local men in it; sums $10,000 down.
Inquire to-day, box 1200, "Call office.
$2000 WANTED: safe Investment. For.par-
tlculars address box 1211. Call. ' .
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant upper . flat, 6 : sunny rooms and
- basement; just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sts.: halt block 'from Market
Bt; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
1422 GREEN. 5 r.. .$20; 1355 Geary, 7. r... $37.60
1109 Page, 4 rms.. $1512957. Jackson, 8 r....$."3
SPECK & CO.A 6C7 Market St.,
SACRAMENTO, 3430 — Nice new upper flat,
;6 rooms, bath and washroom; $25. MADISON
| & BURKE. •¦.••;.• '.¦"."¦"' .••."•:''
MASONIC ave.'. 'bet; Haight and Page— Sunny
flat. 7 > rooms; up-to-date; lust completed.,
Key at • premises, r.'
TO let — Two 4-room. flats: -rent $12 50. 714
Natoma St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
UPPER cart of house. 6 rooms and bath; rent
$17 50. 0 Elgin Park. :.
BOWIE . ave.. -5. off Elevcnthfst.— Flat .of 3
rooms.; cheap rent to a small family.
$10— COTTAGE . of ¦ 4 - sunny rooms. : 132 i Rose
¦ ave., between- Gough and Octavla sts.~ ¦ :
BEAUTIFUL modern,' Bunny : flat, ' 7 rooms and
bath; renf$27 50. 834 Page st., near Scott.
A MODERN flat of. 5 rooms and bath, Rlncon
Hill. 161 Hawthorne St., near. Harrison.,
CARL. 258 — Yard, . basement; . sunny, ¦;. front ;¦
. beautiful view of park;' just completed.
TWO new sunny flats of 7 and 9 rooms; north
. side. 1112-1116 Fell st. . . ..... ' y
GOLDEN GATE." 1517 — 1 rms.. blithTgaTrange^
"-•- garden; $25; lower fiat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE.
EDDY, . 1040— Elegantly furnished flat, 6 rooms
; 'and bath. Apply on premises or G. H."UMB-'
BEN & CO.', 14 Montgomery st. - J
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
METAL beds, bedding, camp goods. M w l nd ° w
shades HOTTER. 712 Mission: tel. Main 73q
? MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE^^
BOILERsTengTnes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
- TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS.
750 to 1000 new and second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROS3 McMAHON'3
Awning, Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers. ' water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear' st.
BAR fixtures: big stock; Installments;. billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick^ Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
3 BEAUTIFUL English thoroughbred spaniel
pups 7 weeks old, $5 and $7 50. 1»43 Fol-
som st, near Tenth.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers/engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st. -
GENT seeking 5-»»on* cluster diamond 1 ring
call again 376 Geary st I have one now.
THE public is warned that the, old firm of
" Uncle Harris has retired from business.
A BARGAIN— A 35 H. P. distillate engine.
never used. Address box 11S7, Call office.
NEW motor. 3 H. P/. 220 volt, complete; cheap.
400 Battery st. -
, PIPE — % to 6 in. : screw, flange or lead Jplnts.
brass and iron flttmgs. Thompson. 40 Main.
" . .-_ HAMMOCKS
At half price. 102 Clay gt. ¦>
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand »
machinery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale, Valencia at., c< * 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters^ (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. HO Montg-y. .:-_
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
" BAKER & HAMILTON. •
Edison phonographs, record, f 0^ 11 ? 9 '-™ 0^*
picture machlnea, films. Baclgaiupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, alt sizea/new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
S *.FES — New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boiler"
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 619 Market st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. lol Poat at.
~~ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. >
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 484.
"WANTED— A buzz planer that will do rabbet-
ing. 2335 Pine st ¦¦....
TILTON wants good second-band clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st ; tel. Jessie 2851.
OLD gold silver diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market at.
~ MONEY TO _j*P_ As _^ ,. n^_._^
HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bldg.
$4 500. 000 at less than bank rates
* . LOANS MADE i
.On first and second mortgages.......
' Life interests In estates .«
Property being held In truat. ........
Undivided Interests In real estate......
Estates In probate— Legacies. .......
......Assignment of rents. .... .......
.-...Life insurance policies *
..Financial problems of all sorts and slses.,
If you need money... «
."." See HERMAN MURPHY.. ,
601-602 Examiner building
X R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery St. room 3.
Leans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
' On first mortgages.
On second mortgages, j
On third mortgages. . "•
On undivided Interests In real estate. .
On estates In probate.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 6516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
ANY proposition any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms lfi,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 328. Montgomery st.
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rata of interest.
Long or short term. ,
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. .Baldwin Jewelry Store. 340
¦Market st; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Thlnl.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
•Geary st; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st . or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any. amount;
lowest rites. BECKER. 36 Geary st. room 36.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOU3LEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ;money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms;- no brokerage;,
reliable party." 1170 Market st. room 68.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner bldg: loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;• strictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
$10 TO $1CO loaned salaried people without se-
? curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
' rates; easy payments. Drake, 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery at.
LOWEST" rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
$500,OCO ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st o'. '
2d mtgs.,und'vd. Interests, estates in probate,
life Ins. policies, etc. Harper. 430 Parrott bid.
ON furniture, planes: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.11G McAllister st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 17C0; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on "note without
- Indorscr. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Ca. 300 Phelan bldg.
ALL makes and grades handled: largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Stelnway $95 to $280
2 Knabe $S5 to $110
2 Fischer $73 to $133
1 Bourne $40
Over 5000 Heine pianos In S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and,
Installments $2 up. -
HEINE PIANO CO., Htina HalL S3&-23?
Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of price*
. I and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to chooie from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor.. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth st, Oakland.
A SAVING OF FROM $75 TO $100. .
- An elegant Chlckerlng, used S months; a.
fine Vose\ mahogany case, like new; 2 Stein-
way a. fine order, cheap; 1 Sterling, used 10
months; 2 Pease, new styles, cost $400; I
Chester, used 6 months, a snap; prices from
$190 up; all uprights. BENJ. CURTAZ *
SON.' 16 to 20 O'Farrell st. "
ANY piano sold by us taken back any ttxn*
within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; 'costs you only 20c a day to buy «.
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st. : established 1S30.
WE are cleaning house and will sell several
odd styles at great reductions. Pianos as low
as $30. and in good condition. Call and ses
our unsurpassed line of new goods aa well.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. , 760
Market st. ' '
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best In city. PIERCE' S
PIANO FACTORY, Market. 14th and Churca.
A LOT of hlsh-grade planoa for almost a song
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
PARTY need of cash must sacrifice handsome
upright piano account death. 4S6 Eddy st
ON sale-rA large Stelnway upright; good a*
new; must sell. 237 Geary st. :'.¦ •
$3 PER month- -Best renting pianos In city.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
$160— ALMOST new 3-pedal upright: easy pay-
ments. 10 McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st.-^
Stegk, Everett Ludwig and other good, pianos.
SNAP— 2 only^ new. $430; high-grade uprisrhts.
dropped from catalogue. $250. Bruenn,2OSPost
BYRON MAU2Y. 308-310-312 Post st: Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new! HV
¦ MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac*.
• OIU "~~
McKENZIE & CARLSEN. members Producers*
Oil Exchange, buy & sell oil stocks, land* *
Investment securities. 137 Montgomery si
:^^^PURyiTroEJFOR:5A'LE._ ¦-.'' ._ ;
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co. , > 1127-1131 Market.
[;¦'-'_:_ y FURMTURia^^VANTED. :
OTTO 'MAX, 1420 California St.; pays highest
: ' price ¦ for - houses,' flats, v stores, i etc. ; • auction
.estimates made. ; Phone Larkin.956. '
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. \ S. J. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE ~j AND MATTRESSES. , :
LOW prices and good- work-in" making over
furniture and mattresses.. -HOPKE" BROS.,
411 and 413 , Powell st. ; tel. , Bush 421;
••• '-' y GLOVES. -;'
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
' never wear others ; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
II12L1' "WAN'l'EU— -FEMALE.
AT C R. hTnSEnITcO.'S.. Phone Grant 185.
_ - . HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head pantry woman, J springs ...'..:... $35
Housekeeper, 10 days', work, lst-class hotels.'
. . — r. ......... ..:: : . . ... ;$2 day
Bookkeeper, • restaurant," found and .$20
¦ 2 chambermaids, same hotel, country.. $17 50
Chambermaid,' city,' no' board. ........ ...$25
Waitress, • nurses' • hall, - city ............. .9-0
Waitress, cafe,- no Sunday work. "•'. .$7 50 wk
Fancy ironer, ladies' clothes, country. .$10 wk
Laundress,- country, party here, fare paid. $30
Waitress, country, all expenses & tare paid,
party ' here ¦•'." ......•.....'.... .... . . .$30
Laundress, , waitress, ¦ chambermaid and as-
-. slstant waitress, same country., hotel, fares
'¦ paid, will take friends, or mother and daugh-
• ter or sisters, etc. . '.'.". :.¦.:.; :.......:...;
Chambermaids to wait. Pacific Grove, fares
paid ......:................ .$20
60 waitresses, springs, resorts, country and
city hotels ; ..-.;..... .$20 and $i!0
.'..'••¦- FAMIL.Y DEPARTMENT.
Man and wife, man for general work, woman
to cook, $50; country housegirl, three family,
San Jose, $2»; ; housegirl, Hay wards, party
here, $25; ranch cook, $30; cooks, housegirls.
nurse girls, 2d girls, city and country, best
¦'¦ of wages; call and see us . '
• C. R. HANSEN & CO. 429 Bush st, oppo-
site California Hotel.; bet. Kearny and Grant
avenue. . ¦ ... -.¦--. tStSUStSSSIt
WANTED— 2 cooks, country, no washing, $30,
$35; 2 laundresses, $30, city and country; 4
chambermaids, $17 60, $20; 4, chambermaids,
wait one - meal, • $25,-, $20; 10 waitresses for
springs, $25; 4 ironers for laundry, city and
country. $9. $10 week; kitchen helper, private
family $25; waitress, coffee parlors, $8 week;
cook for children, . $25; bookkeeper for res-
taurant,' $20, room : and board ; . 44 Kirls for
nice housework, small families at good
. wages. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., I
334 Sutter st. . ;
25 WAITRESSES, flrst-class city and country
. hotels, $25 ; 18 waitresses, flrst-class springs
. and resorts, $25; 2 waitresses. Pacific Grove,
fares paid, $20. MRS. M. E. . DAY. 335
G«ary st. " . • -
STARCH ironer. springs, fare both ways, $30.
MRS. M.' E. DAY, 335 Geary st. ,
FIVE extra waitresses, 9 days' work, $1 60 a
day, free : fare both ways. MRS. M. E.
DAY, 335. Geary st .
FIRST-CLASS laundress, $30; an Ironer for
plain place. $15; cleaner for Institution, $20;
nurse for 2 children, $20; a German nursery
governess. $25. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sut-
, ten st.. near Powell.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
• HOW, TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE '
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
' LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST. ; MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG woman as housekeeper for family, of
three; light work in lovely home' In country.
Apply box 1224, Call office.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework
and mind baby, $8 per minth. Call at 170S%
Sacramento st. bet. : 4:30 and 6. p. m.
WOMEN to sew on buttons." HEYNEMANN
& CO., 700 Guerrero st; ¦
PRE3SER wanted on children's wear. 220 Sut-
. ter, . room 25. .
BRIGHT, active, to learn table waiting; small
restaurant. 669 Ellis st.
WANTED— Girl for general hvork in bakery.
336 Third st. ¦ . . '. - ¦
: WANTED — Girl for light housework: good
j wages. 421- Noe.st, bet. 17th and 18th.-
BOOKKEEPER. 29 Stockton st.
; HAIRDRESSING,' 'manicuring, massage, hair
work taught In 2 weeks, $4 50; positions guar-
anteed In stores and with, private customers,
$50 and $75 per month; class day and even-
ing. College 233 Geary st, rooms 13-16. ;
LADIES to " learn -barber trade; only two
months required; special offer this month;
halrdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College," 635 Clay st.
PACIFIC College, 123C .Market, cor. Jones and
McAllister; learn for $5; hairdressing, mas-
sage, dyeing.- manicuring, switches, etc.; po-
sltions guar. in stores and private; day,- eve.
MIDDLE-AGED or elderly Protestant woman
to assist light housework in small family;
excellent home; moderate wages. 61 G Haight.
WANTED-^Young lady to do T lacquering on
brass 'work. Apply » Pacific Metal Bedstead
Company, Bay and Stockton r sts. ,
REFINED middle-aged woman. for responsible
. position. Box 1209. Call office.
GIRL — Housework; 2 adults; good home; must
cook; $10. Cal\ afternoons. 2476 Post st
WANTED — Two good lady -barbers; 70c on $1;
at. Lady Barbers. 428 Sixth st.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 635 Market »t. ¦/_
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LED-
ERER'S. 123 Stockton st. ,.
FIRST-CLASS sewers ladles' wrappers, tennis
gowns, etc. H. FRIEDLANDER. ' 338 Fell.
TA1LORESS. finishers, apprentices on cui.tom
coats. . 921 Howard st.
WANTED — A glrK for general ' housework ;
, wages $20. Apply 514 Devlradero st. >,,"-.
WANTED— A German girl for light house-
work. 2314 California st. ;
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO &.
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st. .
FIKET-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st
MILLINERY, thorough course, -$1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room -13.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st. . . ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• ircfived at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia «t. .' ¦ . ¦.•...
uw HELP :^^ _^_ [
4 WAITERS for Fourth *of July, $3 day < and
. fare paid; Scotch or American baker, country
shop, $14 week: and found; janitor for club.
, $:<5 and found ; nurse for Institution, $25 and!
found; night., cook, and waiter, $35 and
.found; night waiter, $10 week; restaurant
cook, $14 week; and other hotel and restaur-"
ant help at good wages." J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. U28 Sacramento st. ', :
CHEESE ' maker for Oreson. $G0 and found,
fare . paid : butter maker, $40 and found ; 10
milkers, $30, $35 and $40 and found; 2 chore-
men,> $25 and $-'10 and found; man about
"place. $30 and found:' stableman .and can-
washer, $."!5 and found; 2 milk wagon drivers.
$35 to. $40 and found; teamsters, $1 25 day
and ¦ board ; stableman for count ry, ' $35 'and
found, and others. J.F. CROSETT, & CO.",
¦ C28 Sacramento st.' ' . .'. ' :
20 RAILROAD laborers ¦ for Humboldt County.
$2: day; 10 laborers and teamsters, $2' and
$2 50, free fare; 200 laborers . for mines/
mills, quarries, brickyards- and other work,
$2 to $2 25 day; ,4' blacksmiths, $2 50; day.
and ¦ $45 * month and $2 75 • and $3 50 ", day;
blacksmith helpers, . $40 and found .and $2
day: 0^ stout boys for brickyard, $1 25. day;
- 2 . woodchoppers, $1 50 cord,^ and others. J.'
. ', F. CROSETT & CO.;, 628 Sacramento st.
WAITER 1 and- wife, country hotel. $50; cook
; and wife, small resort. $50;> 2 s farmers' and
wlvos, S40; milker and- wlfo.-SOO. J." F.
CROSETT & CO.', 628 Sacramento st.
AT -THE CAL. .EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
.59 Third St., nr. Call Bl«g.;, Phone Bush 405.
•FREE FARE. .."..... UTAH AND NEVADA
500 teamsters and rockmen, $2 25 to $2 50 day
FREE. . . . ; . .NO i OFFICE FEE. . .... '.FREE
' FREE FARE : ;. ....:. r. TO MENDOCINO CO
•100. men, for sawmills and lumber woods. 520
, to $66 per month " and . board ; ¦ 50 railroad la-
borers, big sawmill Co.;; free, fare,; to-day...'
5 carpenters' -helpers, country. .$2 25 'per day
• 10-lumber pliers. ...$40' per month & board
20 woodsmen... $40. to $00 per month & board
. . 20 ¦ concrete ! men,"* near . city .". : .$2 25 • per • day.
2 men to cultivate beans. . :.".".". ."TTt. ."VTrrH-
............. ..$32 50 ~per month i and' board
Hundreds : of other >¦ good •• positions ; ¦¦ come;
'. read '„ our .. bulletin '. boards. ". 59 .Third : st. "«¦ ' ;¦.-,
A MANcookifor^worklngmen'scamp, $50;^ a
.' dishwasher for same camp. $30; also a scrub-
man. $25." MISS PLUNKETT/ 425 Sutter St.,"
near .Powell. ¦ . - .. - . ¦ ¦ - ; '¦ - ;
| TWO ' young ' men to do/ general ¦ work i about ' a
wholesale house; $7 per-. week. MISS
¦• PLUNKETT,"; 425 , Sutter' et., near- Powell;
A FIRST-CLASS ' butler,' $60. MISS PLUN-
¦iKETT,- 426 Sutter st, near Powell. . - J
HELP WANTEP—MALE--C<>w.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... 429 Bwsh St..
Between \ Kearny st. and Grant ave
Opposite California' Hotel ,. v .\..
.We Ship Free , To-day
.........:...... TO NEVADA
•Free office fee .'...* ". '..'.'- Free 'fare
Free office fee .'. ................ . Free fare
" 2000 teamsters, laborers, ' rockmen, concrete
men, machine men and ' muckers ............
Wages . .V. .... $2, > $2 25. $2 50 and $3 a day
FOR UTAH
Free fare. ; .... '.."..'. Free fare
500 teamsters $2 and $2 25 a day
SHIP TO-DAY -•%••••
i FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tur.nelmen, headers, "drillers, muckers and
laborers :..... .....;... $2 to $3 a day
Free fare ."Ship dally ...... Free fare
2 ' engineers to run compressors at railroad
tunnel. $30* and $35 and found, free fare;
planerman, country sawmill. $50; 10 farmers,
¦ Santa Clara County. $30; 10 orchard hand a,
$26 and board; 50 laborers, country sawmill.
$2 to $2 75 a da%- 10 muckers. $2 50; 20 la-
<"" borers, ¦ $2. ' for large mine ; 6 " blacksmiths,
¦ country, $2 50 to $3 a day; 2 • millwrights.
$3 50; 6 carpenters, $3; 10 milkers, $30 and
, $35; gardeners and men about place, $25; 100
laborers, near city. $2 and $2 25V. ..........
.....:... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook, springs, $75; cook,.
country hotel. $60 to $70; 10 second cooks.
fryers and broilers.' $50 to $70: vegetable
cook, country, $35; baker, springs,. $45; 30
' : dishwashers and kitchen hands for restaur-
' ants and -hotels, resorts and springs. $35, $39
and $25; hotel clerk for summer, resort, $40;
store room man, summer resort, $30; mas-
i seur for an Institution, country. $40 and
found; 6 bellboys. $15 and $17 50; 10 waiters,
country hotels, $30; assistant confectioner, :
¦ country hotel. $30 and fare paid
;¦: C. R. HANSEN & CO... 429 Bush st
FOR sale — Barber shop, country town, near
city- fine climate; !• chairs and baths; at a
bargain. Callat WILL & FINCK'S.
'¦ WANTED — Molders. machinists and draughts-
man. Address or. apply Benicia Agricultural
Works. Benicia. Cal.
YOUNG man wanted for the butcheij business,
'.; to solicit and deliver orders and take care of
horses. Inquire of C. F. TIETJEN, 3035 Sac-
ramento st.
— Recruits for the marine corps. ,U.
:;.-"S. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
.character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over C feet 1
. inch; able to speak ; and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Elite st. San Francisco. ¦
EOLDERERS. boys and girls. Apply Amer-
ican Can Co., factory Seventh and Townsend
sts., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
- months; constant practice and expert Instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System ' College. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
.that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st ; 1 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — A young • man, single, to fill the
position of bookkeeper and stenographer;
must have experience. Address Box 1182,
Call office.
WANTED — Experienced male and f:male cut-
ters for factory, on women's wrappers and
¦ overskirts. Apply box 1116. Call.
2-CHAIR barber 'shop for sale. 1119 Folsom,
bet. 7th and Sth; rent $3; price $85.
WAGON smith wanted at 316 Railroad avs.
South. \ •
SWELL dressers, examine our $35 to $75 misfit
suits for sale at $16 to $25. 104 Second st
50-QUARRYMEN and rock drillers, $2 and
$2 25 per day. Apply 212 Ninth st .
COO PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. MCDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st."
PENSICN atty.. E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan-
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
S0O MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. £23 Howard st. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st %-'
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.'
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
" ket — 200 rooms, 25e night; reading-rooms;
. free • bus and baggage to and from ferry.
. H° n SE S -**[?; ¦J VA GO * ' ?* " ' -^_
60 HEAD at auction — One . carload Modoc
horses, consigned by James McCabe ;- also
one carload thoroughly broken high-class
driving horses, at Stewart's Horse Market.
721 Howard st., near .Third; phone Main 1150.
. Monday, June 30. 11 a. m.
FOR Sale — A number of fine driving horses In
use in this city every day; broke single and
double; guaranteed perfect In every way;
prices low. Occidental Horse Exchange, 246
' Third st. " • •¦'.¦.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
. ket, 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
*. ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
25. SHETLAND ponies for Bale:, call before
¦ Monday, . Emeryville Hotel, corner Thirty-
seventh st. and San Pablo ave. IRA PHER-
'¦ SON. • . ¦ '. - ; v
FOR sale— Saddle horse, 6 years old; thorough-
bred; can be driven as well: gentle and kind;
price, Including saddle, bridle." $100. Can be
seen at 507 Jessie st., near Sixth. .
FINE' sorrel saddle horse. 17 hands; weighs
• 1050; horse's name. Gilt Edge, sire Patriot,
-dam Isabella. PETERS' stables. 1314 Grove.
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.721 Howard.
BLACK mare for sale. § years old; gentle;
cheap. 2040 Greenwich st.
FOR SALE — New and 2d-hand surreys, bug-
gles. etc. 100 Golden Gate ave. ..
FOR SALE — Fine canopy-top surrey: also, fine
open surrey, at Nucleus Stable. 187 Stevenson.
FOR sale— Spiral spring top road buggy cheap.
Inquire of JOHN WIREN. 113 William st
3 CARRIAGE " teams, five good saddle horses.^-
DALZ1EL. 605 Golden Gate ave,
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harne3s.work.drlvlng horses: 15th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, singles also light camp-
- Ing wagon for sale cheap. 532. Mission st .
HOUSES TO LET..
A— PRINTED list of housesTto let ; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
- " LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — Wednesday, June 25,' a brooch consist-
ing of a ring of white pearls set in gold. $10
reward if returned to office of the White
.' House, Post and Kearny sts.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of : San - Francisco. In the
• name of JOHN O'NEILL SMITH. . No. 220-
6G8.- > The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Wednesday afternoon. - gold bar breast-
pin, emerald setting; keepsake from dead.
Return to ' 31S Jones , st. ; reward. ¦
LOST — Irish terrier, dog; red and gray wire-
haired; tall docked." Reward paid If return-
ed to 1812 Gough st, near Sacramento.
LOST— In Ross Valley, a black and white spon-
lel. Return to MISS HART, Ross Valley;
' . reward.
¦ - • •
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist — Ladles.' all- who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints:
: menstrual . female complaints positively , cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated-
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential ad vice on all subjects
* of a delicate nature. DR. O. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. ¦ 1018 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS.? DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladles'
'.specialist: Instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement 100S%. Market st. opp. Fifth.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience: private home In
confinement Moved to 72S Post st, nr. Jones.
A— DR. ROSEN : . this : specialist exercises the
most important of modern principles in treat-
; ing and cur*ig, female complaints; ladies all
who are /sick or In trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
. normal, results; fee:low. 1007 %\ Market st.
MRS. SWEET 606 : Guerrero — Graduate Royal
University; . 25 years'- midwifery : experience;
takes ladles before & during conflnemt. ; terms
reasonable; Infants adopted. . Tel. , Blue < 41L
MRS. DR. GOODWIN. , ladles' reliable speclat-
lst; maternity' hospital; 'home tor Infants
free; fee low. Moved to 113 Eddy at.nr.' Mkt
MRS. D. ALLEN; 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement ; best ' medical care ; ¦ low : fees.
Mrs.- Dr. Wegener, formerly G. G. ave.,- now 210
Eddy st — Home for. patients; bablea adopted.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
¦ original method 'of treatment. " 1126 Market
. LADIES— Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.ClayA Kearag.
DR." NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.' '
SAX FRA.VCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market, and Third streets; open
tctil 12 o'clock every eight in tne year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street.
eorcer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SGO Hayes etreet; open untjl t»:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
. 1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m."
2261 Market Etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
cnti! S p. m.
3C6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. rn.
- JC06 Valencia Etreet ; open until 9 p.m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sti^eets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillicorc street; open until 9 p. m.
MEET1XG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commander!' No. J, K. _
"". No. 8 Post sU Regular assembly TBJ*
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 Eg.
o'clock. Order of the Temple. All ym
fraters cordially invited. By order of
the commander. HIRAM T. GRAVES.
Recorder.
REMOVAL notiee.^Presldio Lodge -vtUQ,.
Xo. oZi, 1. O. O. F., has removed
to Friendship Hal!, Odd Fellows' : ~§^»S=^
Building. Seventh and Market """t**-
me. Double inltlaUon THIS (FRIDAY)
EVENING. June 27. Visitors^iordlally in-
vited. W. H. EHARPE. Secretary.
JOHN HAASE. N. G. .r.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. .<^S5S3&V
IS, K. O. T. M.— Review tSfjZ-SvK.
THIS (KHIDAT) EVEN- W$| -fttSS
ING. at 8 o'clock. Plonew K^fiJ "Wl Mjl
Hall. 24 Fourth et. li^ /jr. XyjgtJ
II. H. CASTLE, X^C^S^y
Record Keeper. X^^gjr
KOTICE TO THE PUBUC.
A regular summons meeting of all carriage
owners of San Francisco was held on Tues-
day evening, June 24, 1902, and the follow-
ing resolution was adopted: That on and
v efter th.e 1st day of July. 1902. rates of car-
riage hire tor parades will be as follows:
* For a carriage drawn by two horses. $6. and
lor a carriage drawn by four horses. $12.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the State i
of Ctdlfoniia will bold a special examination !
in the State Normal School building. Los
Angeles, California, commencing July 8, at 10
a. ci. -
AGEXTS WANTED.
$5 TO $10 day easily made selling celebrated
Perfection Flavoring Powder; agents wanted.
Call or ad. Long- Bros.. 950 Broadway. Oakld.
ALLADIO CREAM CHEESE.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream;
easily digested; a dinner however plain 1*.
made more enjoyable by its use ; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets, or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1206 Sutter at
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: phone Mint 865. 819 Market et
3. M. THURSTQN; office open every even-
Ing; private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE tree; no charge unless successful: all
cases; open evgs. W.W. Davidson. 927 Market
JOHN R. AITKEN. attorney at law. Rooms
SCS-10-11. Clunle bldg.. 503 California et
L. E. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. !)27 Mar-
ket ft. ; c-T.suitat ion free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkm. 305 Market 196S to 1974 Page.
BOOKS— SEW AJiB OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes, 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — S350; RESTAURANT and chophouse on
O'Farrell st; good business; rent $75. Par-
ticulars R. Q. WILKE. 2C^3 Kearny st
$550 — COAL and wood yard on Howard et; es-
tablished 25 years; two wagons, horse, etc;
a good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
2ti^s Kearny st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
et. ; 4 living rooms; rent $45; place estab-
lished years; in short, a good business. See
R. G. WILKE. 2t>>4 Kearny st.
A — $1400; SALOON on Geary st.; choice cor-
ner; card and club rooms; nice fixtures; a
well-patronized - and good-paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kfcarny st
A — CORNER grocery and bar in best part of
the city; owner will sell at invoice price as
he must leave for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant: rent $25; with 5 rooms, $35;
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— *C50; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
¦with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; rood paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26i§ Kearny.
A — $1300; SALOON established many years.
doing a good business; clearing at least $160
per month; a good investment. Call B, G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny 6t; rent $75; a place established for
10 years and clearing at least $250 per month
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st '
EOME GENUINE BARGAINS BY BROWN
& CO.
Grocery. Market Ft, at Invoice price... $375
Partner. Market-st. saloon; $100 month. 300
Partner In restaurant, take cash 75
House and lot; sunny side; $100 down.. 1000
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market St.; est. 1S86.
HOME Realty. 673 Market: phone Folsom 1207.
$7U0 — Restaurant to exch. for lodging-house.
S200 — Cigar stand: central: bargain.
**00 — 9-room lodging-house; near Third st.
(1500 — 3S-room housekeeping; snap; low rent
A— $450: EST. tailoring bus.; choice location;
rent $12: at Invoice. Kredo & Co.. 14 Flood bg.
$1100— GROCERY. Oakland; $40 day; stock
worth the price. KREDO & CO.. 14 Flood bg.
C20A— BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery; new
oven; good business; large cellar suitable for
any bakery; 3 living-rooms. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$125— RESTAURANT; lunch counters, boxes;
nearly new; fine place and location. D Mc-
HEA F. CO.. S27 Mission st.
GOOD located livery stable. $1500. CaH en
McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market st
S27C0 CASH buys leading delicatessen and res-
taurant in Sacramento: location center of re-
tail district: trade steady and select: refer-
ences exchanged; income and reasons for sell-
ing en application; a splendid opportunity for
man and wife; correspondence solicited be-
tween r.uw and 1st of August Address "A/-
P. O. bcx 520. Sacramento.
OLD-ESTABLISHED, well equipped barber
chop for sale on account of Ficksess of owner
Address immediately The W. A. Macklnder
$100 — HELP atart legitimate bi* paying busT
ness by young coHejre man; will see you In
person. Box 1190. Call office.
ALL for $200— Branch bakery and delicacy
store and furniture of 2 rooms: good loca-
tlcn; good business ; rent $15. 395 Sixth st.
SHOE shop for eale. Inquire 209 Mason st
FOR BALE— An old established liquor busi-
ness; good location; large stock : owner re-
tiring; easy tern:«. P. O. box S, Frultvale.
A '^?, e0 £iJ ::A . N *? T and lce cream par lor. Room
30U. 927 Market st., bet. 12 and 1 o'clock/
f 1200— A BUSINESS clearing $1M per week at
a sacrifice; investigate. M2 Howard at
LAUNDRY route for sale; 100 'customers; new
wagon and harness; $275. Box 1200. Call?
TOR SALE—^ Agency of Call at Santa Crur. In-
/ <utl * A - BOUEMAX. 26 Otis st. EtnuCrol,
l:OUTE In Western Addition: building up dis-
trict; reasonabie. Box 1792. Call.
BARGAINS; GENUINE SNAPS? ~T
The following houses must be sold within S
days; will sell on easy payments:
?> rooms; rent $50; down town; transient
11 rooms; rent $30; mixed furniture.
1<> rooms: rent $77 50: fine furnishings
27 rooms; rent $140; fine transient.
85 rooms; rent $«5: mixed furniture
SCIIWEINHAUD,
No. 917- Markft st. bet. Bth and '6th sts.
21 ROOMS; rent $115; clears Siso month: cor-
r.n; trice $2550: 2 floors; apartment house;
roomers care for their rooms; oak and cherry
furniture; rnoquet capcts.
15 rooms; central; ¦ respectable: corner:
o;ear» S80 month: owner will swear to It
before notary public; will sell for $750 snot
cash. ,
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call Bid.
MITCHELL & HORNLeTn. 1200 Market rt.
We have rooming -houses of all slses and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $S50
20 rooms; sunny; good renter '. 950
8 rooms; 6unny flat; corner ............ 200
1 1 rooms ; downtown : good 700
18 rooms; rent $:{7 50; make offer 000
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
TO bay a lodging-house, boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and eecure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-e*tabMshed efflce of
G. TV. 6CHWEINHARD.
No. 817 Market «t. bet Oth and Cth.
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
KYAN St O'ROURKE moved to 765 Market st
16 rooms; forced sale; all light $550
34 rooms; clear* $48; sickness..". 450
16 rooms; fine location; other business.. 650
tOO houses for sal*.
HELP, WANTED . -
A— MURRAY &. READY.... "..634-636 Clay st.
... ....V. ...."Phone Main 5S48 : ........
' . '. Leading Employment and Labor Agents ; .
..........:. ..vOpen 7'a. m. ". •...;. .v.
..."....:..'. SPECIAL SHIPMENT ..........
... ...:.....'..... TO ..V.
; '.V.. '..... r. UTAH AND NEVADA
.......-..: FREE .. ............
UTAH." STATE -UTAH
FREE. .*. . '. . . .::".. FREE . . .'. .......:. FREE
.....'.WE SHIP TO UTAH' TO-DAY
........... .ALSO TO ..:....
Nevada . . . . . .:.... ~Reno ......... Wads worth
Salt Lake Division, - Wells, Palisade, Rokeby,
' Carlin, Lucin," Fenelon .....:
~t :-. . ...... FOR RAILROAD WORK . .... • • "•
3 carpenters, concrete forms, free fare, $3 75
, a- day ? :..:..;. .".. — .
• 1000 teamsters.:" 75 car dumpers
. 600 laborers ..'.:;.. ."V.'.r.vr.T .'.'.. .50 drillers
750 concrete mixers. .......'. ....50 rockmen
::..". .... WE SHIP FREE ..:.." ....
UTAH. . :.:.-: ..CALL EARLY. .... ... .UTAH
............ MISCELLANEOUS ......."
Young man to drive bakery wagon, city, $30
: and 'found .....'....'...........' .'.
"¦; Night cashier," restaurant,. city V. .*.".
: Coachman, . good . place . ....... $35 and found
Farmer and wife,- small ranch; .$45 and found
Married teamster, country; boy to drive small
milk'waffon," city:, choreman, make butter,
, private place. $30 and. found; . 6 hostlers, $35
' and .$40 and: found; 1 : 4 stablemen, . country;
farmer and • wife, small vineyard and . '_ easy
job,. $35 and found; 4 .men and .wives, other
.'; places ; 27 boys to learn trades and ', work -. in
: factories; '3 handy men tin ranches, $30 and
found" .... ...-......:.. .....':..'..:.."...
', ........ : . MECHANICAL ....:...
". .". MACHINIST "...
'¦; It carpenters to build concrete forms, Nevada,
free fare. $3 75 day; 2 carperttefs. Marin Co.,
$3 50 day;. 3 carpenters, city job, $3 50 day;
¦ 10 carpenters, ¦ company ¦ work, -country, fare
',.?2, $:j 50 day; 5 carpenters," country, $80 and
; * found ; ; 3 ; carpenters; ranch, $30^ and found;
. machinist, all-round man, country shop, $3 50
' day; . blacksmith, sawmill, ; $00 and found;
sticker hand, city, $.'{ day ; planerman. coun-
' try sawmill. $50. and : found; millwright, see
boss here, country, $4 day; millwright, mar-
' ried, see boss here; 2 carpenters, rough work,
' Nevada, . 'face returned, $90; cooper, oil com-
pany;, cooper, pickle factory, $40" and found;
planerman, .sawmill,, see" boss here, $50 and
found; molder foreman on sash weights; sheet
iron worker; carriage painter, $40 and'lound;
¦ 0 blacksmiths, . wagon shops, $3;-. 11!' black-
smiths,' shops and camps;. ranch blacksmith.
- steady job, '$50 and found; 7 blacksmiths',
¦helpers; woodworker, .city Job; blacksmith
helper, sawmill. $40 and found; blacksmith
¦ helper, ranch, $;{5 and found; harness maker,
ranch, fare . 25c, ; $30 ' and found;, cut-oft
sawyer ' . s . .
. LABORERS. .BIG .WAGES
'25 laborers, city, work, boards home, $1 7u
day; 14 laborers, near city. §00; 12 laborers,
/city factory. $1 75. to $2day: 25 laborers for
• iron work, steady job, $1 75 day and up; 0 '.
¦ laborers,, ranch, $30 and found; 4 laborers for
-mine, south,. $42 a,nd- found; •' 26 . laborers.
mine, no experience , needed, $40 to $50 and
, found; 275 laborers, other jobs,: free fare...
. . . ; .AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT. :
341 men to work, in" hay and harvest fields,
" furms, orchards and vineyards, steady jobs, <
$1 25, .$1 50. $2. .$2 25 day and found. " $S0,
$35 and $40 and found; 5 laborers for ranch,
fare 50c, $30 and found; 76 milkers and dairy-
men, some fare paid, $30 to $40 and found ;
cheesemaker for factory; 6 teamsters, big
farm,- $40 and found ; cheesemaker, see boss j
here. $40 and found
.;.. FARE PAID .....'....
............... SAWMILLS ...... .
950 milling men to work In 67 different saw-
mills; ' woods and yards, no experience rt-
qulred, wages $30 to $60 and found, we pay
your fare; 30 swampers, , large lumber com-
pany, fare paid; 20 lumber pliers. Santa Cruz
County, $40 and found; planer man.' see boss
here, • $50 and found ; 5 swampers. San" Matco
County, $40 and found . i. :
Setter, sawmill, . see boss here.'. . .".". . ;$3 day
:............... SPECIAL ........ ...'.
¦ Bookkeeper and stenographer, ranch ...".::. •"
• .List 6f jobs ready at 7 a. m.......i
HOTELS ;...::.' ..•.."....... BUTCHEKS
<i cooks, country hotel, $50 and found; cook,
fare paid, country hotel. $30 and found; cook,
city . restaurant, $50 and found; 20 cooks.
'. other jobs, : camps, ranches, 'etc.. $25 to $60
and found;, butcher shop. no. slaughter. $30
• r and f ound, - see boss here; butcher, country
shop, $30 and found; cook, Arizona, fare
paid, $50; third baker, bread, country, $35
and found; butcher, shop and wagon, -city;
second cook, mine boarding-house, $40* and
found; baker, country shop. $50. and found;
second baker. $35 and found; pastry baker
country hotel, fare $2. $50 and found; pas-
try cook, springs, fare $1 50. $45 and found;
waiter. : officers' mess. $30 and increase; 10
waiters, other jobs, $40, $33 and $30 land
found; 29 kitchen ¦ hands, dishwashers and
porters •.-.„•
. ......Get Our List of Positions.!!!!.".*!!
MURRAY & READY. .... .634-636 Clay st
E. B. BODGE, sawmill setter, please report.
MURRAY & READY.: 634-636 Clay st. •
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
¦-'.¦;.• 638 Clay st.
., : Phone Main 1191.
1000 laborers, teamsters, concrete men,
rockmen and steam shovel dumpers..
..........:..... ...$225 to $2 50 day
Free fare; ship to-day; all parts of Nevada
200 R. R. men, section and extra gangs,
coast division, Redwood City, Metz and
. King City .......:...;..
¦,:300 R. R.' men. section' and extra gangs, *
- Sacramento division ......:
Free fare; free fare; S. P. Co.'s own work
20 muckers .......... .r.Saa'' Luis Obispo Co.
10 muckers..... ........ ..San Benito Co.
-20 tan bark peelers, Mendocino Co.. $2 cord
.15 tie makers, Mendocino Co., 12c to 18c each
6 wood choppers....-.-.. .........:$2 50 cord
2 men to clear land ...$30 per acre
5 milkers, city and country.... $35 and found
Blacksmith helper, city ..$2 day
Gardener, country; see boss here ..$25 and fd.
Many • other positions. ; Call and read o\ir
bulletins. .
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 STOCKTON ST.
Washer. . steam laundry, country hotel. $30' '
gardener; $65; young man to help coachman,
$20; stableman. $20, etc.-
WE have openlns for young man about 18
years of age; must live at home; be steady
and reliable; $9 week and Increase. MRS.
. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st. - ¦ .
A— HOTEL GAZPJTTB. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Third 'cook.' $30; bar porter. $25; clerk. $25.
WANTED— By E. B. & A. L. STONE CO. team-
sters and laborers for R. R. ; work in Nevada:
free fare; ship at 5:15 p. m. Mon., Wed. and
.Fri.; four-horse skinners, 82 25 per day; la-
borers. $2 per day: board. $5 25 per week. Re-
port with blankets at »00 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED — A young man as assistant book-
keeper; must -have had 2 -years' experience;
.quick and accurate at addition; salary $50 to
splendid : opportunity: large .. house*
good system. • Address box 1230. Call.
WANTED— 3 men to put on timber claims for
"themselves; worth $500 in.70 days; legitimate.
Address 'box 1228. Call.
WANTED— Bright boy who resides with his
-. parents to assist in charging room of a'
"wholesale 7 house; state age and references.
Box 1221V Call. > • . :•;¦;¦
WANTED — A reliable .young man with $125
cash for plain .office, work: will pay $65 per
month" to a good man; short hours; permanent
place." Apply 1010 Market St.. room 10.
WANTED — Young' man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. ~ Apply bet. S and 11
. a.m. at HALE BROS'.
.WANTED— In • planing ' mill, good man on fit-
tings and dressers. W. J. 'LITTLE CO.. 560
. Brannan st.
WANTED^-An experienced, miner as partner
in travel; 1 willing to work for his share.
Uox 1222, Call. . . ¦ ',•¦..;
WANTED — Man. small ranch, care horse ¦ cow
and poultry. $35. W. ¦• CLAUSEN, room 6,
. 1115 Broadway, Oakland. .
GOOD union barber " from 10 a. m. Saturday
Sunday; wages $5. 1640 Polk st.
GOOD barber for. Saturday and Sunday. 600
Union st. .--.-•
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
., 40S>/j! Sixth «t. ' ¦ .-
BARBER ¦ wonted . Friday, Saturday and Sun-
day. CC2 Clay st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady job. Apply at
¦ , once. ¦ 221) Fourth ¦ st
BARBF.R for Saturday and Sunday; wages $5.
105 Tenth st. ' .
A"> STRONG* boy .to. learn 'trade. 211 Ellis st.
RESTAURANTS; waiters, cooks, dishwashers,
.kitchen help; : no fee; \ 520. Montgomery st. " :
.WANTED— Porter. ¦ saloon, . 1837 Flllmore st.
Apply, after 12 m.'- ->
BOY' about 16 with some. knowledge of type-
• writing; Insurance offlce.^Box 1223,' Call. '
OFFICE boy wanted. ¦ Apply" box 1227. Call. :.
EXPERIENCED bedmaker. $9 per week. Ad-
". : dress box 120-1, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carriage painter wanted; state
wages: steady: job. Box 1231, Call.
WANTED— Dishwasher; wages $15.. 104 First
". street." ¦• ."*'-¦ -.» '¦ ¦ .;• ¦.¦ -.t
WANTED— Porter who can do some cooking In
u. saloon. ~57 -Third st. ¦
GOOD bootblack wanted ;- good wages. ¦ 12 Sac-
. ramento , at. ;. : ,' - ¦;.-¦.¦. % ¦ , • , ¦ . . ¦
WANTED— An all-round man: in bakery. 330
"Third, st: "»¦';¦" ,-,.". %•:....¦
YOUNG man to drive milk .wagon; good wages.-
: 1507 Broderlck ' st.V near Sutter.-. ; . «
WANTED— Young " man for » liquor store, with
references., BROWNSTONE, 331 Ellis st.'
WANTED— Honest : man with $75; take cash."
• : restaurant.- $40 month.- BROWN.' 1221 Market.
PHYSICIAN— Young graduate - to assist In a
physician' 8 office. Address . box '¦ 1205, • Call. • ¦
PLUMBER' S helper wanted. ; 2987 Sixteenth st.
¦ WANTED— Flrst-c^ss bootblack."- - 324 Mont-
gomery* st.R Cadlgan, ChlcaRO Miss L Elliott. Texas
B Thomas, Rio -Vista MtssG Gaines. Texas
R Alexander, III ,; - J S .Brown & w. Lodi
D Arnold, San-Jose F L- Heath, Denver '
E Arnold <kw, 3 Jose C M Bennett & w.Cheg
C Perry, Cincinnati J W Reid. Chicago
H Marion.^Manila i. - J H Reid, Chlcaso^
S HlgKlna, Manila":. E O Reid, Chicago
J H Ayers & s, R Vsta H W Peters& w.Hldbg
M H Donahue. Portlnd D Grant & w, King Co
Levi Seass, Illinois S ,Vol Rels, Omaha .
JT) Edwards, N Mexr , . - ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
In the semi-finals Miss Neely defeated
Miss Atkinson after a hard 'struggle and
Miss Jones won over Miss Chapman in
straight sets, leaving Miss Neely and Miss
Jones to meet in the finals. Summary:
Women's singles, semi-final— Miss Neely
beat Miss Atkinson, . 8-6, 3-6, 3-2; Miss
Jones .beat Miss Chapman, 6-1, 6-0.
Only four players, remained in the
women's singles— Miss C. B. Neely, Chi
cago; Miss Juliette Atkinson, Sta ten Isl
and; Miss Marion Jones, Nevada, and
Miss Helen Chapman, Philadelphia. -
, Philadelphia; June 26.— a recor<j
breakinir crowd witnessed to-day's events
in the ' women's national championship
lawn tennis tournament, which is in pro
gress on the -grounds of the Philadelphia
Cricket Club. . ' "¦¦„.
Tennis Tournament TJp to the
Present Time.
Defeats \ All . Her Opponents in the
MISS JONES OF NEVADA
IN CHAMPIONSHIP i FIN AL
BOSTON. June 26.— Brooklyn hit Plttlnger In
costly bunches to-day and won easily. Newton
held the locals to one single for six innings, but
was batted in the seventh and eighth innings.
Attendance, 2400. Score: *
•:.-¦". R. H. E.
Boston ..... 3 ' 6 -5
Brooklyn .7 11 3
Batteries — Plttlnger and Moran; Newton and
Ahearn. Umpire — Cantillon.
CHICAGO. June 26.— Pittsburg played with
out an error to-day and pounded Menefee all
over the field, while Chesbro held the locals
down to four hits. Attendance, 1100. • Score:
. R. . H. E.
Chicago i 1 4 :;
Pittsburg ...\... .8 - 12 ' 0
Batteries — Menefee and Kling; Chesbro and
Zlmmer. . '. ¦
ST. LOUIS, June 26.— St. Louis-Cincinnati
game postponed on account of rain. .
PHILADELPHIA. June 26.— Up to the ntnth
Inning to-day Philadelphia had the New York
team shut out. ¦ A single, a base on balls and
a wild pitch then gave the visitors their only
run. The Giants fielded miserably. Attend
ance, 1500. Score:
R. H. E.
New York . .... .7... 1 ¦ 5 6
Philadelphia ••• * 8 0
Batteries — Evans and -Jaeger; Fraser and
Jacklitsch. Umpire— Emslie. " :¦
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
AR. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Noidyke, lb' 3. 10 0 7 0 0
Parrott, rf ...4 2 ," 1 2 0 0
Leahy, c '...52 3 1 2 0 0
Shay, ss 5 1 1 1 5 4 1
Shugart, 2b ...4 o .1 0 3 2 0
McHale, If 3.11 0 3 0 0
Delmas, cf 3 0 2 0 2 0 0
Reilly, 3p 4 0 ' 0 1 2 1 0
Meredith," p 4 O'OO 10 O
Totals 35 7" 11 4 2T' 7 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle," If ..4 1' 1 0 ' 2 0 0
Casey, 2b *... 3 1 10 33 t)
Eagan, lb 4 0 1 1 12 0 1
Sheehan, 3b .'4 0 0 0 2 8 1
.Unglaub. ss ..4 .0 1 0 13 l
'Hogan, c & cf..;... 4 - 0 ; 1. 0 3 2 0
Cutter, rf ...30 1 0 00 0
Wagner, cf & rf. ... 40000-01
Stricklett. p 4 1 1 0 1 10
Graham, c 1 00 0 3 0 1
Totals". ..35 3 7 1 27- 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. :,*,,:
San Francisco 3 2 1 0 00-00 1 7
Base hits. 4 1 110 0 1 1 2—11
Sacramento .....JO 0 3 0 0 0 0.0 0 3
¦ Base hits 0 14 0 10 0 0 1 — 7
.SUMMARY. :'S. : [.'ti
¦ Two^base hits — Leahy. Shay, Casey, Parrott.
Sacrifice hits — Parrott, Delmas. First base on
errors — Sacramento 1. First base on called
balls — Off Meredith 1, off Stricklett S. Left on
bases— San Francisco 0, Sacramento ft Struck
out — By Meredith '. 1, by Stricklett 3. Time of
game — One hour and forty minutes. Umpire
O'ConnelL. ¦
SAN FRANCISCO.
SACRAMENTO, June 26.— The Ponies
played all around the Senators in this aft
ernoon's game and won easily by a score
of 7 to 3. Stricklett presented a splendid
sample of twirling 1 , but was "poorly sup
ported. He was hit frequently In the first
two innings and the lead made by the
visitors was too great to overcome. Gra
ham 'had his finger split in the third in
ning and retired in favor of Hogan, -who
caught a splendid game, but was inaccu
rate in 5 throwing • to bases. Casey, • the
new acquisition to the Senators, broke in
the game, despite the fact that he had
just come from a fatiguing railroad jour
ney. He showed himself able to deliver
the goods. He is as fast as Mohler and
nils the vacancy left by Hulen in good
shape. Score:
Great Acquisition.
Casey, Who Takes Hulen's Place, Is a
PONIES DEFEAT SENATOES,
Chicago 2 7 1
Detroit • 3 8 " 2
Batteries — Piatt and McFarland; Mercer and
Buelow. .,.;.,.
CLEVELAND, June 26. — Cleveland outbatted
and outflelded St. Louis to-day, but lost, as the
hits were kept well scattered ' by Donahue.
Wright was very wild. Score:
¦ - Rf " H. E.
Cleveland 2 10 0
St. Louis :...... 5 8 . 2
Batteries — Wright and Bemis; F. Donahue
and J. Donahue.
WASHINGTON,/ June 26^— Boston outplayed
Washington at all. points of the game and; aid
eel by loose fielding at times, won to-day's game
handily. Attendance, 3518. Score.
R. H. E.
Washington 2 .63
Boston ."..... 4 11 0
Batteries — Carrlck and Clarke; Adklns and
Warner.. ,.
R. H. . . E.
Baltimore :. 7 7 4
Philadelphia 3 4 4
Batteries — Cronin and Bresnahan;' Waddell
and Powers. _ '
CHICAGO, June 26. — Mercer carried off the
honors tc*-day In a ten-lnnlng game. Attend
ance, 2G00. Score : ..
R. H. E.
BALTIMORE, June 26.— The; Baltimore
American team won the last of; the series with
the Phillies this afternoon. "Rube" "Waddell
pitched his first game for the losing team.
Score: ' w
Waddell "Wastes Ho Time ; (Jetting
Into the Game in the Ameri
can League. '
" AMERICAN LEAGUE. . :
"RUBE" PITCHESv : tQSIN"G j' '
BALL FOB PHILADELPHIA
Three-base hit — Cristall. Sacrifice hit — Cris
tall. First base on errors — Los Angelea 3.
First base on called balls — Off Cristall 5. Left
on bases — Oakland 5, Los Angeles 6. Struck
out— By Cristall 1. by McPartlin 2. Hit by
pitcher — Householder, Gorton. Double plays
Devereaux to Mohler to Streib: Mohler Jo
Francks to Streib; Reilly. to Hanlon. Passed
ball — Lohman. Time of same — Two hours.
Umpire— McDonald. ¦
SUMMARY.
Los- Angeles .0 00 0-0 0 ; 0 0 0— "0
Base hits ¦ 0 0 110 0 0 0 0 0—1
Oakland 0 0 0 0 2 > 2 0 0 x I
Base hits 1 0 2 0 2'3 1 0 x— 9
totals ..........29 0 1 1 24 13 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, 2b Si 0- 0 0 5 5 0
Lohman, c . . . . : . 4 02 0-4 2 1
' Streib. lb 4 1 I 0 6 10
McCreedie. rf .:..;. 4 1-1 0 2 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 4 0 0 0 3 1 1
Dunleavy,. If . .v. ...3 I 2 0 '2 0 0
Francks, ss 3 0 0 0 3 1 1
Gorton, cf ......... 2 1 1 0 1 0 O
Crietall. p' .....2 0 2 0 V 12
Totals 29 4 9 0 27 11. 5
LOS ANGELES.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss 2 0 r— 0 0 2 0
Lawler, rf. -4 0/0 0 2 0 0
Jackson. If .:. 3 o "0 1 2 1 0
Householder, cf .... 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Reilly, 3b ...'3 0 0 0 3 5 0
Raymer, 2b :. 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Anderson, c. 3 .0 0 0 6 1 0
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 8 1' 0
McPartlin, p ... 3 • 0 0 0 1 2 0
OAKLAND
The sixth . finished the run-getting and
also furnished some excitement. Streib
hit- past first. McCreedie's hit, aided .by
Householder's error, put Strel)? on third.
Bill Devereaux nearly duplicated Cris
tall's smash, but Jackson made a great
run and picked it off the ground. A
moment later, Dunleavy sent both men
in on a clean single to left territory.
Reilly played phenomenal ball at third.
Mohler's work at second was the same
as usual. Gorton shared the honors with
Jackson by robbing Bill Hanlon of a two
bagger in the seventh by a great burst
ol: speed. The score:
Oakland did all its profitable business
in the fifth and sixth. In the fifth, Dun
leavy and Gorton singled and the versa
tile Cristall lined a three cushion drive to
left which scored them both. It was a
peculiar, hit. Jackson was playing in
close and made a run for the ball which
hit a few inches in front of him. It
continued on its meteoric course and
reached the fence. Cristall, tore., around
the bags "and" nearly* made a' borne run
on it, being thrown out a few feet from
the . plate.
Many an Angel made fruitless passes
at 1 the weather yesterday afternoon at
Recreation Park, or else hit the ball and
made a hopeless sprint for the Ilist sack.
Sometimes after landing there on an er
ror or- a free pass, the luckless runner
¦waited* vainly for a delivering base hit
¦which came not. For nine innlnga. the
muscular lads who are fighting to' uphold
the honor of the South, made many an
agonizing attempt to ride safely on one
of Crlstall's special brand, but Toman
was the sole Angel who was there.
, Toman, like Rip Van Winkle, is a lucky
man. He took on a pained expression in
the third and then sent the ball scurry-
Ing over third base for the only safe
bump made off the mysterious southpaw's
deceptive shooting. Several Angels were
shamefully robbed of hits, but :hat was
not Cristall's fault; it was his clever
support. The game started in a listlfess
way. In the first two innings the lead
ers made five glaring errors, two going
to Cristall. Prospects looked exceedingly
bright ; for several southerners racing
easily to the plate. • That stonewal infield,
¦however, always delivered the goods in
the shape of a few timely double plays,
which safely brought Cristall out of some
of the tightest places any pitcher got Into
this season.
McPartlin Proves Easy for
Oakland ;When -Runs
Are Needed.
Only One Hit Made Off
Clever Southpaw's
Delivery.; /
CRISTALL SHUTS
OUT THE ANGELS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 1 RIDAY, JUNE 27, 1902.
11
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
KCRTH SHORE RAILROAD.
'•" Via.' Snusalito Ferry,
Commencing April 27, l!Xi2.
FROM SAN JKANC1SCO a TO MILL VALLEY
6:45. 9:45. rl:45 'p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7 :00, 8:00, •0:00, *10:00, 11 -no
llT30 a. m.. 12:30. 1XO. 2:30. »3:45. 5:C0.":^'
7-30, 9:45, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
1 ; %F&ras a .g°8.
1U0O a. m.. 12:25, 2:13. -3:30. 4:40. 5 :&, T^
10 SUNDAYS— G:00. 0:30, 'UrOO a. m
?12:00 m.. 1:00, 2:15. •3:30...4:15. «5.45. «;«*
7-30 10:15 P- n»- - - ¦
'Trains marked (*) 3tart from San Quentin
liao a. V, 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. $720. tIiJ
1O BUNDAY'S^:3O 7:55, 10:05.^11:10 ,a. m.
12:15, 1:20. 2:30, 3:45,-5:00, 6:05. 7:15.io7ii
, P> m ' THROUGH TRAINS.
: 7:45 a." m: week days— Cazadero and way
stations. : . ¦ ' "
3:15 p. m." Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. •
:. 5:15 p.m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . ¦ .."¦-'••'•
10:00 a. m. Sundays-f-Polnt Reyes and way
stations. ' ¦ \
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time, _
ItOC'MS TO Lirr — I.'urn. nntl Ilnfarn.
POWEI.U O.'PJ. n<>or Clay — Newly furnished
front suite; private family; freo bath, iihonc.
11OYAU jToun*, 120 lCllld— Incnnilcmrnt Hunt,
roadlnit-room, nmoklntJ-i'oom nntl lndltm 1 par-
lor: room*, per nlxht, :ir>o to $i r.iij week, *'-'
to ?>; month, *H to f.'IO; «<lcvntor on ground
floors, rooms with hot And cold water; bathx.
S1I1CRMAN Apartment Douce. i!S High t It. near
Mnrkft — For respootnble Indies & gentlwnicn.
TURK, 210— Sunny front room for gcntlmnon.
CLABHIF1ED nrtvertlsrmmtn and HubfcrtpUons
received nt Call branch office, 22U0 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office Tor Call advnrtlsomcntB nnd
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia nt. ¦'
1 *??- -AftP- '¦ 1 -V t * J * L . I ?'P'
ATLANTA Hotel." 452 Ellis— This new, strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened July
l!0; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises: el«?etrlo light and elevator; private
baths: single and suits; hot and cold
' water; steam heat; telephones on -every floor.
HOTEL Dartmouth — New family hotel, about
completed, wJH be ready for guests July 1;
strictly modern house, first-class in all Its ap-
uolntments : can be Inspected now: will be
conducted In strictly select and first-class nian-
ner. 80S Post st.. bet. Leavcnworth and Hyde.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
A BUNNY suite, with or without board; also
single rooms. The Lake, 268 Turk at.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— Hlgh^class house;
furnished suites or single; eteam heat. "
VAN NESS. 519 — Handeome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class . table board.
— — , , ..
ROOMS ATtD BOARD WANTED.
SINGLE gentleman visiting city wishes room
and board in private family. Box 1212.: Call.
. SPECIAL KOTICES.
THE following children have been received nt
the S. F. Nursery fof Homeless Children
since Jan. 1, 1002: Thomas O. Merritt, half-
' orphan. 10 years of age; Fern Bowman, half-
orphan, Ellsworth Bowman. ., half-orphan,
twins, 6 years of age; Grace Buchanan, half-
orphen. 6 years of age. . ¦ .
FREE trial treatment cure for dyspepsia anfl
constipation; more like a miracle than medi-
cine; send stamp. REUNER GOTJLET, Sac-
ramento. Cal.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. ¦ 15580.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
A NEW drop head 0-drawer latest Improved S75
sewing machine for $16 50. 145 Sixth St..
phone HowirW 3264. .
ALL kinds bought. Bold, rented, exchanged* re-
.- pairing; lowest rates. TeL Green 144. 205 4th.
, i
PIERCE-RODOLPH StoragTXMovinTco^^f^
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571. '
GOLDE.N WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st,; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st. •
tel. Main- 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
__Pgny J _2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
TO LET.
.^Fs^giuSa^ 8 floor 45 * i2 °~ 5:
545 — MARKET-ST. location; floor 45x60. H.
A. SMITH. 25 Market st. ' |
_ O^P^^«TERS^AND_S UPPLIES.
GRE ,AT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRirERs"-^\^
sen better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53b California; telephone Main 2GU.
2I^ ANn typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
¦W ebster Typewriter Inspec. Co.,209 Sansome.
2fjKl^> VRITI^_'^Jgj™g^>GRAPHIXG.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies. 2c; mlm-
eographlng. 027 Markt. rm.305; Howard 1530.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ¦
CONT?>n^T|^^
tion, No. 001 California st., for the year end-
ing June 30, 1902, has declared a dividend
of o per cent on ordinary deposits, 6 per cent
on term "deposits and 8 per cent on Install-
: gSaf m^ag!r M - C0RBIN ' B « a *"7,,"?.-
SAVINGS and Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
st., corner of Sutter— The Board of Directors
declared a dividend for the term ending June
30, 1002, at the rate of three and one-eighth
(3%) Per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes and payable on and after July 1,
1902. Dividends not called for are added to
and bear the same rate of dividend as the
principal from and after July 1 1002. CY-
RUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Compa-
ay. corner of California and Montgomery sts
— For the six months ending June 30. li*02."
dividends have been ' declared on deposits in
the savings department of this company as
follows: On term deposits at the rate of
3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum
free of taxes and payable on and after Tues-
day. July 1. 1902. Dividends uncalled for are
added to the principal after July 1, 1002 J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
BAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Cali-
tornla st., 1 cor. of Webb — For the half year
ending with the 30th of June, 1902 a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate' per an-
num of three and forty-two one-hundredths
(3 42-100) per cent on term deposits, and
three (3) per cent on ordinary deposits free
of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday July
1. 1902. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
Ban Francisco. 33 Post st. For the half
year ending June 30, 1902, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes
payable on and after Tuesday, July 1 1901*
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society 526
.California st. — For the half year ending' with
June 30, 1902. a dividend has been declared
at the rate of three (3) per cent per annum
on all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
• after Tuesday, July 1, 1902. GEORGE
•TOURNY. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st. — The directors have declared a
. dividend of 3 per cent per annum on its de-
posits, payable on and after July 1, 1902.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Frederick Goosen, 21, Cordelia, and Kath-
eryn Pinkham, 18, 689 Frederick street.
Charles E. Wright, 28, Fort Bragg, and Ger-
trude F. Wintzer, 27, Fort Bragg.
Alexander Crew, 39, city, and Jennie Judd,
35, city. ' •
-William F. McLeod, 24. 110% Silver street,
and Mary Graff, 21", 567 Howard street.
Thomas J. PeterKen. 22, -Berkeley, and May
Striker, 19, Berkeley.
William F. Kruse, 21. 578 Howard street,
and Mamie Minan, 19, 417 Union street.
Peter Waltexs, 21, city, and Blanche V.
Carrlnston, 19, city.
Augustine F. Gallndo, 21, 1321 Pierce street,
and Margaret M. O'Leary, 18, 3 Kate street.
Charles Washburn, 21, Selma, and Mamie
Magglna, 18, Sanger. °
Charles H. Donovan, 24, 208^5 Fourteenth
street, and Gertrude A. Dunnlgan, 20, 270U
Harriet street.
John H. Morgan, 24, 2818 Greenwich street,
and Mabel A. McCarthy, 21, 949 Mission st.
Frank B. Houghton, 22. 585 Geary street,
and Susie A. Walker, 19, 249 Fifth street.
Patrick H. Murray, 24, city, and Catherine
O'Nell. 19, city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, "' marriage and death notices , sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at I either of the publication offices . and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CARTAK — In this city, to the wife of Charles
A. Cartan, a son.
GOLDMAN— In this city. June 18, 1902, to the
wife of Albert Goldman, a son. ' > .
KAHN— In thia city, June 20, 1902, to the
wife of Lee Kahn, a daughter.
WILLIAMS — In San Blaa, Mexico. June -11,
1902, to the wife of G.. A. Williams, a
. daushter. . _ ',/¦--.
MARRIED. — —
BERCOVITCH— LEFKOWITZ— In thia - city,
June 22, 1902. by the Rev. M. S. Levy,-
David Bercovitch of Oakland and Bettie
Lefkowitz of San Francisco.
BRICK— SILBERSTEIN— In this city, June
25, 1902, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Alexander
Brick and Minnie Sllberstein. both of San
, Francisco.
CREW — JUDD — In this city, June 26, 1902
; by the Rev. Frank K. Baker. Alex Crew and
Jennie Judd. both of San . Francisco.
GILBERTS— ROTH— In tills city, June 23
1902. by the Rev. I Dr. E. Nelander. pastor
of the First English Lutheran . Church, Er-
nest C. Gilberts and Emma Roth, both of
I San Francisco. :
GRAUER— HARRIS — In this city, June 22
; 1002, by the- Rer. M. S. Levy, Robert
Grauer and Minnie Harris, both of; San
Francisco.
GRUGGEL— NELSON— In this city, June ' 25,
1002, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelancler, pastor Of
¦OFFICKS ASP WggLJSt~!J?£'
.LIGHT loft. <sxlW. tlo'wjth elevator: also
l.ulldlnK sixOQ, »35! 3177 17th ml..; Inqulr. of
OSTETEB & CO.. «CM Montgomery >t.
ILAKGK Ktor« with hlirn hnfeinrnt. fronting «u
a i.f.; bilow Krmny ri. o:i» «'lny »t.. mum 1.
r almi sTnv.
4MM 12. ~ a ''C N EEKG AA IU> r«*ds 1 to 4. 700
l'o*t «t.. corner of Jone»: phiin* Tolk 837.
IT. JnROMB~KOSELLI. •clentlflc palmlit. 015
Taylor »t.. brt. Geary end Po»t;tcl. Black 5U1.
ri£RSO.\ALS.
IT Is not claimed thut Vlavl can cure the In-
curable, but thousands of women who had
jrivon ur> (.11 hopp of <>ver obtaining relief
hnvr bo«-n reKtortii to health and strength by
tlx> Vlavl treatment: booklet for mothers and
daughters nmilcd rrw. The Vtavl Co.. 2304
V*t» N«ss ave.. Pan Kra.ncUeo ; tel. East 2S2.
IF your hair Ii falllnjr. eend tor DR. O. S.
NOOHE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
>n::r h.iir to grow on bald heads. A positive
euro for i.tum; preparation cent to all part*
or the world: call or i tJ for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrgll «t.. 6. F.
AN i !• pnjit line of remnants for suits to order.
fi'<: with these cults we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge ; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS 1117 Market
ft., bptween Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC Hcbt m every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms.
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 p«r week:
free 'bus end baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white 6hlrts; selection 300 patterns.
KOR the best private detective in America ad-
dress J. W. FORBES. 1111 Bryant et.; hon-
orable and persevering.
best hair dressing, any style. 25c only;
shampooing. 50c; ewltche*. wigs- hair dye-
Ing by artists. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Bt.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1839 Polk et.. S. T.; consultation free.
TTHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. 52 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
ICOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
e'.l the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market ft., near Sixth.
AT less than ceet, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trouser* at CHARLES LTONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
Sl'PERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress &ants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery «t.
CDOGH Easy Consumption Cure means Just
what it says; try it; 25c at your druggist's.
SENSATIONAL book lor men; postage 2 cents.
WILLJAMS & CO., HO Geary et.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private tae-
atrica'.s ; masquerades supplied. 26 O'Farrell.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
6UPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
reajoved, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
Sl'PTURE cured; no operation, pain or loet
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suite, $7 50; dress pants. $2 60.
Miefit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
I ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; teL West 259.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric rteedle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll'OMarket.
ALFREDMUS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee. Wis.
MASQUERADE coptcines. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
bet-t ccm cure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIAAS AJfD gCaCEOIfs!
ECPTt'EE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
pri\-ate diseases treated successfully; consui-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld.6Turk.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and "residence.
1021 Vs Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh. -
Cataracts ?ured by absorption: rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Bull. 1073>4Market st.
ASSESSMENT JVOTICES.
HONOLULU PLANTATION COMPANY — As-
sessmert Notice. — Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, location of principal place of business,
San Francisco, California — Notice is hereby
given that at a meeting of the Board of
Directors held this 19th day of June. A. D.
1802. an assessment (Number 4) of One
Dollar ijl.00) per stare was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable im-
mediattly to the secretary of tlie company
at the office of the company, 327 Market
street. San Francisco. State of California.
Any stock upon which this assessment 6hall
remaift unpaid on the 30th day of July, 1902,
¦will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment is
made before, will be sold on the l»th day of
August. 1902, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with expenses of sale.
H. W. THOMAS.
, Beeretarr of the Honolulu Plantation Company,
I 327 Market street. Pan Francisco. Californla.
riEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
Chance to buy right
on the peninsula.
We are authorized to sell
the rich acres of Redwood Farm.
Pretty 5-acre homes
ernii great oaks.
Five minutes' walk from new depot
st Redwood City, San Mateo County.
Near Stanford University. .
r.-acre lots only f!250 to $1375.
IV -acre lots $340 to $430. all corners.
Double track electric road
• new building.
In 20 years you have not
heard of fiuch a chance
to get such property.
The kind of property you ought to own.
Buy now at first cost.
Urge your friends to, also.
This is a snap.
Terms half cash.
Call or «end for catalogue to-(Say.
WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOMERY.
«»4 Market Btreet-
ORCHAED Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on Los Gatos and Saratoga aves.;
beautiful location: climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' <Jrive from station; neighborhood
desirable; 40 acres, all of which is in tr-
( ha id; 22 acres in bearing; balance will bear
fruit next year; there is a crop of fruit, es-
timated at f2000; agricultural implements
and tools, fruit boxes, drying trays, wagon*.
etc.. included.
The residence is one-story, - contains 0
roctns, in perfect condition, modern finish;
rood stable, tank-bouse, tank, etc.; good
wtll water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
flowers: a beautiful and bealthly home, and
j-rcntable; urlce C16.OO0.
Address JA21ES A. CLAYTON & CO..
24 West Sa&la Clara et., San Jose.
fl5,000 — OWNER refused $20,000 few years
ago, but is now ojd and sick; good investment
I and producer: delightful location ; elevated,
cool, but frostless; early crops, best prices;
corn for second crop; <5C acres rich foothill
land; family orchard, including oranges,
lemons, etc. ; modern 9-room house (sewers),
Rood barn, tank, springs; half mile from
R. R. and school; near electric line; few
miles from Oakland; tenants ready if de-
sired. Particulars A. W. BELL, 417 Parrott
bldg., near west elevators.
— FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^-
Hmalt tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
<'otatl. Sonoma Co.. future value assured, as
Ssaii F.randscn is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California. St.. for
pamphlet and Information.
$300-tA SNAP bargain in «0 acres of land,
close to town, in Lake County; house, barn.
orchard, allaJfa; abundance of running wa-
ter; cost *14<»0; must sell. C. F. /MOORE,
*J^5 Market St.
UVERMORE Valley vineyards for sale. $3500
up; Email cash payment, balance 6 per cent;
profits better than fruit; climate -unsurpassed.
K. P. FLINT. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
j.rop<-rti<ie: land <Jer,artment. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Hayward bldg..
San Francisco. - , •
EAUSALITO— Auction Saturday. June 28. 1
o'clock, 30 choice lots. Turney Tract; a snap.
GEO. V. SHEARER, Auctioneer.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber, mines. EMMOXS & SON. Mills bldg.
1AXD bargains: new catalogue sent free.
Wooster.-'Whitton & Montgomery, «>Ji Market.
"Write Wells. Eaundcrs & Co.. Petaluma, for
list of bargains In fruit and chicken ranches.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
JC i-iares, in wrapper for mailing. Ji per year!
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ra'sch?* in Sonoma Valley
Ad«. U. Clark, Agua Caliente, Son-Jma Valley
The Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery Association.
Funeral Conductors
(FOR CREMATION ONLY).
! Funeral rooms — 429 Golden Gate ave. : ¦ tele-
phone South 934.- . ;
Oakland office — 1004 Broadway; telephone
Clay 701. • ?\ .
Main of flee at ' cemetery, Point Lobos ave.,
San Francisco; telephone West 896.
Prices of cremation— Adults over 15 years
of age, $25; children under 15 years of age;
815. Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. GEO. T. BOHEN. Pres. .
GEO. PENLINGTON.' Sec. '
tluv Klmt TSnirlUl) ¦LiUherati .Church, Oacar
1«. GruKicel nml J:iln A. -Nelson, both ot Ban
I'Ynnclscu, . ' . .
PINCU8— KALLMANN— In thla city*. Juno 22.
1UH2, by thn Ki-v. M. H. Levy, Solly IMncua
nml Annie Kiillmimn, both of Ban KrancUco,
ritiks-TiiiKssKN— in iiiia city, Jiin« sn,
•1U0S, nt St. l'tinl's Uvanitctlcnl Churdi, by
the llev. l'uul Urnnko, Ohnrles 1>\ Trlfi» nnd
Kiinini TlilcKurn, both at San Franclaco.
8ANDKHH— UOSlCNniima— In thta .-Ity, Jun«
U2U, 1002, 'by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Loula
Snmicra nnd Kin ltoannberv, both of Snn
Kriuu'lseo.
Bl»niNC!KR—MICirA10L8~In \ thla city, June
22, 1002, by the Itov. M. B. Lovy, Joseph
Springer' and Addle Mlclmoln, both ot San
KrnneLaco. . '. .
DIED.
r Altocano, Alice ¦ McDermott, Edward
- Arnold, Mary McKenzle, Georxo
Drodelc, Quatav ' O'Keefe, Abigail
Coney, Catherine O'Leary, John D.
Cone, Henry ¦¦ . O'Nell, Mary C.
Coonradt, Florence Quinn, Qeortro A.
Corr, Ann Rich, George C.
Delehaitty, John M. ¦ Rodgere. Arthur
Kuyw, George A. Ratto. Maria
Ge(f«e, KUen - ' ' Hush, Adolphun G. '
. Hobbs, J. K. C. Tallant, John D.
- Holland, Harry O. Tobln, Sarah '
Kennedy, James S. Waleh, William
. MacWhinnle. Nina Wilson, Leo A.
McConnell, Ablcall
ALTOZANO— In thla city. June 23. 1902.
Alice • Altozano, dearly beloved ¦ mother of
Mra. M. Ban Pedro and. Mrs. R. M. Agulrre,
a native of Dundalk. Ireland, aged 82 years.
G7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 28, at.8:ao o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2000 Taylor street, thence, to the Span-
ish Church of Nuentra Senora de .Guadalupe,
Broadway and Mason street, -where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
• of her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crcaa Cemetery.
ARNOLD— In this city. June 24, 1002. Mary
. Arnold, a native of Germany, axed 72 years.
BRODEK— In this city, June 26. 1002, Gustav.
beloved husband of Sarah Brodek, father of
Mrs. W. Kllnger. Dr. Henry Brodek of Ma-
nila; Mra. . A. T. Barnett and Isidor Brodek,
and brother of Mrs. R. Harris and Samuei
and R. T. Brodek, a native of Prussia, aged
liii years G months arid 0 days. .
ItyNotlce of funeral hereafter. . . • ' .
CASEY— In this city, June 25, 1902, Catherine,
relict of the late James Casey, and brother
of Mrs. D. Casey, a native of Ireland, aged
• 73 years.
HT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1432 Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
seph'a Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing . at » o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery.
CONE— In this city, June 24, 1902^ Henry
Cone, cousin of William H. Cone, a- native
or New Tork. aged 5» years.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, June . 27, 1902, at 11:30 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment ¦ Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek route
boat. . . ,
COONRADT— In Oakland, June 26, 1902, Flor-
ence A., wife of Irving A. Coonradt, a na-
tive of California, aged 42 years ti months
and 2 days. • •- •
CORR— In this city, June 25, 1002, Ann Corr,
beloved* sister of Margaret Merkle' and the
Lite Catherine Johnson, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 52 years.
CT'The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 10:15 'o'clock, from the parlors
of Hicrailden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
• for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock .train 'from Third and
I Townsend streets. A requiem muss will be
celebrated Monday, Junq 80, at St. Patrick's
Church, for the reDOBe of her soul, com-
mencing at-0 o'clock.. ..
DELEHANTY.— Friends are invited to attend
a month's mind masa to-morrow (Saturday),
for the repose of the soul of the late John
M, 'Delehanty. at St. Ignatius. Church, at 0
o'clock.
EAYRS — In this city, June 20. 1902. George
Alfred Eayrs, dearly beloved husband of
Mary Eayrs, father of- Raymond, George,
Oliver and May Eayrs, son-in-law- of T.
' Scully, and brother of Mrs. B. Lundy and
Mrs: H. Ley, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years 8' months and 17 days. A
¦ member of- Court Sutro Heights No. 136, F.
• of A., and of Aerie No. 5, F. 'O. E.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from his late residence. 471
Hickory avenue, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where services will be held, com-
mencing at- 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GEDGE — In Berkeley, June 26, 1902. . Ellen
Gedge. eldest daughter of the late Admiral
John Gedge, R. N., a native of England,
ared 92 years.
HOBBS — At sea, June ' 11,- 1902, on board
steamer Frlederich ? - der . Grosse,- J. K. C.
Hobbs, beloved husband of Henrietta N.
' Hobbs, and father of Elvira W. and Clar-
"ence W. Hobbs, .a" native of 'Boston, 'Miss.;
aged 55 years 10 months and 7 . days. • '.
EXFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend* the funeral Sunday,
at 1:30 o'clock, from Golden Gate. Hall, 625
Sutter street, under the auspices of Golden
Gate Commandery No. 16, K. T. Interment
private. • - • - . ¦¦•.. .¦- ¦
HOLLAND— In El Paso, Texas. June 21, 1902.
Harry G.V beloved husband of Meta Holland,
father of Ruth' Holland, stepfather of Mil-
ton Schroeder, and son of Caroline and the
late Ellison Holland, a native of Kansas'
aged 25 years 9 months and 15 days. A
member of Golden Gate Camp No. 64, Wood-
men of the World, and -Court Lincoln No.
8517.. A. O. of F. (Lodi papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully. Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 29. at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. tlSJ Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by . electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
KENNEDY— In this city, June 21, 1902. James
. S. Kennedy, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
72 years. ¦ ' • -
ITJ" Friends and acquaintances artf respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 10 o'clock, from his late residence, 2922
California street. Interment ' Cyuress • Lawn
Cemetery, bv electric . funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. "•
MacWHINNIE— In this city. June 26, 1002.
. Nina G. MacWhinnle. daughter of the late
John Wallace MacWhinnie. . and sinter of I.
. "Wallace- MacWhinnle of Woodland. Cal.
E7Funeral at the mortuary chapel at the
' Odd Fellows' Cemetery at 2:iS0 o'clock, Fri-
day, June. 27.
McCONNELL— In this city, June 25, 1902,
Abigail McConnell, beloved . wife of John A.
McConnell, a native of Ohio, aged 57 years
2 months and 30 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 822 Diamond street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, via electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
McDERMOTT— In this city. June 26. 1902, Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Mary McDermott,
¦ and father of James, Michael, Nellie,
Charles, Willie. Thomas and Kittle McDer-
mott and Mrs. J. Finn, a native of the
parish of Movjlle, County Donegal, . Ireland,
. azed 05 years 0 months and 3 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 404 Ninth street, thence to St. Jo-
. Beph's Church, where a requiem high mass
¦ will be' celebrated £or the'reDose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
. tery. Please omit flowers.
McKENZHS — In this city, June 26, 1902,
George, dearly beloved son of James F. and
¦ Lizzie McKenzle, and brother of Harry, Jen-
' nle and James McKenzle, a native of 8an
Francisco, aged 10 years 4 months and ti
days. . - .
O'KEEFE — In this city, June 2r>. 1002, Abi-
¦Eatl,- beloved -wife of Daniel O'Keefe. -and
mother of the late Patrick, Michael 'and
' Daniel O'Keefe, • a native of Glanmlre,,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 52 years.
' ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock," from her late resl-
: dence, 9 Hunt street, off Third, between
Mission and Howard, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
O'LEARY — In this - city; - June 26. 1902, John
D. O'Leary, dearly beloved son of the late
Margaret and Denis, O'Leary, and brother of
Anita, Emma and William A. P'Leary, Mrs.
J. C. O'Connor, Mrs. M. ¦ S. Leon, Mrs. Wil-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. ' (Successor to'Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80.
Mt. OHvet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITT. ¦
Office;. 616 Market Street.
.'. • ' Telephone. Bush 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden,-/ 18 years manager for
the United '.Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBreartjv with the same company for 10
-years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
. nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st:, .between Seventh
and Eighth. " Telephone_ South 44.
1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
(• 27 nnd 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 167 1
. JD FUNERAL DIRECTORS 'AND EMBALMERS. J.
- £ finest: Equipment .Motjcr»te^RBite%. %
I JAMES McGINN, I
Formerly with 1 McGinn .Bros., has opened I
new Funeral . Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet. I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 876. ;>.* I
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* l«t»v««iitl wrwtlii* tt» arrtv* mt
»AN t'l'.AXilMlo.
(Muln Ltn«, Kuut »f NUrKi-t Street )
ti»T» '-m . | Irian J ujk ¦ au,'tuuj. — A*n>*iT
"""7.Q6**"uVi7l"t!i, Suliuii, l.lmlr.imil sUcra-
munto loot*'
7.00v VncnvtitB. Wlntrri. Kmnn-y 7.65?
7.53* Murttora, 3»u ttaiuuu. V«llcjo.
Nh|>\, rmWtniSH. S,m!:> Ro«* C 23f
8 00-v t>Kvt».\Vuu.U,i'..l. U»Ulit« l.*u<llu{,
kUryavilie. Oruvtiu 7.B5*
8.00* Atlnutlc K«pr<!»«— O«it<>n »nil Eii«t. $>29*
8.00a Mil'*. Liiilirui., ht"< -wtuti 7 23*
8.00a Mi''*. Mtuiluia, Haaroru, VUaIIii,
rortrrvilltt 4 D5»
8 30* Sb»iU Kxpreia — l»«vU, \\"iuuni«
(fur lUrtlftt *pi'l»s«), Wliiuwi, '
ltcil lUurr, r-ortMii.l 7.6&P
8.30* S«a Ju*e. Llvcrmuru. Stuukton,
lune, b*cr*mrnto.' IMiiccnrlllc, ¦
;...¦. suryiviiii*. Cliicn. Kc*i WuiT 4.25i»
8.30* 0«lciUteXulae*e.Sun<>ra,Tuoittinne 4.25p
8.00a Vallcjo 12.2Sr
0X0* Lot Aiut!<« l-;*|ires»— Mnrtlncx,
Tracy, Lithrup.sJtocitton.Mf n:i«d.
'» Kayuvoud.KreiaoModLosAnKrlft 8 25*
9.35* VallfJwMartlneStauUWajrMiHlona 7.6§r
10.00* llxywunl. NllfsmulWny.sutliini.tl2.55r
' 1 0.00a T be' Overlnmi Limited — O£deu, •
Utmrer. uinnha. Chicago.. .. v ... 8.25*.
tLOOr S»crsm«ut<> Illvrr Sto*m«fr« tli.00?
3430P B*nlct»." Winers. Sacramento,
-•• Wo»Kil«nd. Williams. Willow*,
.Knl*ht» Uadliij:. Mary»vlllc,.
Orovllle 10.55*
3.30p Haywsrd, Ntle»anU\V»y Button.*.. 7-W
4.00P Martlnex.S»HK.imon.ValIeJo,Nnp*, "~-i
¦• ' Cil!.«t<r;», SiiiitH Ui>«» 9-25*
4001* Nllc». UtcTiiiore, Stockton. Lodi.. 12.25*
4.30P Hnyward.Nllna.Sna.lose.Ltvennbre 13. o5*
4-30P The Owl Limited— Kretno. Tulare. i
. i BstcersQeld, Saac>i» (or Santa
J Barbara, Lo» Augttte* 8.55*.
* BH)0p Port Co«»,Tr»nr,L«throi>.Stoclcton 1Q.25a
SJJQr- Martina. AntlucU. ttoctton, Mcr-
— ? ' c«i, KaymoQil, Fresaa 12-2aP
5^0r Kile* Loc«l \ 725a
6.00P*H».vwtrd.> J l!cs»ad'San Jose 7.55a
6.00>. V>!iejo - 11.25a
6.00P Oriental Mail— Osden, Denver,
Omaha, St. LonU. Chlcairo 4.25r
7. OOP San Pablo, Tort Costa, iiartluei
and Way Stations . 1125a
*7.00r Vallejo .I.&br
8 05p Oregon * California iSxpres*— Sac-
' riimento, Mary«ri!le, Uo'Min?.
Tortland. Piuri-r Sound and £a»t. 8-53 i
43.10F Harwardanrt Nll«»s. ni-55*
COAST LINE (narrow «aujej.
(Foot of Market Street.) '
17.45* Saata Cru» Excursion J3.05*
8.15a Newark, Centervlti«". Saa Jone,
Felton, Boulder Creek. Santa
Cruz »oJ W»y Srmlom 5 50*
t2.15r Xewark. CenWryllle. San Jo*#.
¦ . • Xew Almaden. Felton. BouWer
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Station* 1050*
415p yejr»rlc, Ssn Jose. Lo« Gato« t3.50*
M.ISf Saa June. Lo« listoit. S«at«Crnz... c8-50*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN K KAN CISCO, boot of Market St. (Slip 9
— +7:1-5 9:l») 11:00 A.M. 1.00 300 S.ISr.M.
From OAKLAND. Koo» of Broadway — tb:0O J3:0*
+3:05 IO-.uOa.m. 12 00 2.00 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad «aji ? e).
( I'lilrd ana To^mscad Streets.)
6.10*. San Jo«e and TVay SMtiona 6. 30?
t7.C0* San Jose and .Way Stations 7.3OT
//.00a New Alrruden /4.10»
t7.15*.-Mouter»«y Excursion J3.3C*
: 8-00* Cokm- LId« Limited — San Jose.' . " .
Gl!roy,HoIllgtiT,SaIlna«,SanLois
. Obiapo. 3»nta Barbara. Los Ange-
les and Principal lncermedlate
Stations 10-489
9.00* San Jose. Tres Plaos. Santa Cruz.
Paciflc GroT*. S^llnai. Ssn Lnl* *
Oblspo and Principal Interraedl- • •*• -'
ate Stations 4.10>
10.30* Saa Jose and Way Stations ... 838a
11.30a SanJose.Lo«GatossndWayStatIoas 5.30.» j
a1.30p San Jose and Way Stations ,.. a7.00v
. t2.00r San Jo»e and Way Stations t8-00A
t3.00P Del Monte Express — Only itops Sxn
Jo»e t12.01r
S-SOp -San Mateo. fiedwood, Palo Alto.
Santa, Clara, San Jose. Tres
Ptnos, Santa Cruz, Snlla.i«, Del '
Monte, Monlerey and Pacific - - «.
Grore 10.45a
4.39p Sn n.Juse nnd Principal Way Stations 1.30?
t5-03i' San Jo»e. Los Uatos and Principal
Way Stations 00*
533p San Jo«e and Principal Way Stations 10.00a
tS.15P San Matno. Belmont. Redwood,
Menu. Park. Palo Alto........:.. t6.48A
6.30P San Jose and Way Station* 6.33a
7.00? New Orleans Express — Sao Lnls
O&tspo. Santa Bariiar*, U)S An-
trelen. Demlnu. El Paao, Xew
1 Orlenns and East.... 10.15a
n11.45pPalo Alto and Way Statloni +945F
«i11.4Sp SHn.Io«e and Way Station* t9-45F.
A for Morn! ii:. P far Afternoua.
'¦ t Sunday excen'-ed. t Sunday only.
a Saturday onU'. c Monday only.
. b Saturday and ./Tuesday and KrfdsT.
Sunday only. n Pally except Satnntoy.^ -
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Lim'dl
. 7. Local Mon&| Local OVrl'd
DaUy Thurs | Dally Daily
Lv San Fran 0:00 a 0:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton. 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:18pll:15p
" Merced... 2:35 p 1:17 p ...... 1:30*
" Fresno... 4:10 p 2:35 p 3:15 a
" Hanford.. 5:58 p 3:27 p :..... 8:05 a
•• Visalla... 5:38p «6:00a
: '¦ B'kersfd. S:10p 5:20p 7:S5a
" KanCity I 2:31 a 8:02 a
" Chicago ..|2:15p : 8:47 p
' a tor moraine, p for afternoon. ~
9:00 a. m. Dally is Bakersfield .Local,
stopping at all points in San Joaqutn Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at s a. m. .:
dally.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to. Bakersfield for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11:10 p. in. Tuesday and Friday.
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing-train arrives at 11:00 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. la the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m..
Offices — 841 Market street and la Ferry
Depot. San Franelsco; , 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. '^ — —^^—^— .— — — —.
CALIFORNIA KORTBWESTERN KL -8
LESSEES '
SAB FRANCISCO' AM H03T.4 PADIFIiS
RAILAVAY COMPAJTjr/
Tiboron Kerry, foot ot Market St. "
SAX FftAXCISCP TO SAX JRAFAJBlto .
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:W. ll:0O a. m.; 12:35.
3:U0, 5^10. U:30 ». m. Thursdays— sEartr* trli»
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at .
1:50 and 11:20 p. a.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:3O. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
i 5:00 and 6:20 p. m.
1 SAX HAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:05. 7:35. 7:50. 8:20. 11:13.
a. m • 12:50 3:40. 5:00. 5^0 p. m. Satur-
days—Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4 :S5, y:05. -^28 .P. m. '
. Leave I In Effect { Arrive
San Franclscol May 4, 1902. |San Franct3C3
Week I Sun- | Destlii- J Sun- I Week .
¦ Days. | days. \ Uon. -. [ days, f Day*.
7-30a 8:0Oa Ignaelo • 0:10a 8:40a
•3:30p 9:30a and 10:40a 8:40a
i 5:10 p 0:00 p : Novato 6:05 p 8:20 j>'
7:35 p ¦
7-30 a 8:00 a Petahima 10:40 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9-^0 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
¦ 6;10p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p «:2Op-
" : Fulton
7-30 a ¦ Windsor - 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburs 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservllle
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:35 p C:20 p
"7-30 at 8 00a| Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a :
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
¦7:30a| 8:00 a| ""willita | 7:35 pi 6:20 p;
7-30 at 8:00 al Guernerllle 1 7:35 p!10:20 a
3:30pf5:C0p| ll0:40a| «:20p.
"7:30 at 8:00 af " Sonoma \ »:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:0S p| 6:20 p
7-:«>a| S:0Oa| Sebastopol 110:40 aflO :20 a*
aj30pj_5j00 p| - ¦ - . -. [ 7:35 p| 6:20 P
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton'
ior Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers and Boonevllle; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvlllc.
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
i Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Pot-
j i er Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*«.
Bucknelfs. San Hedrln Heights, Kullville, Orr"a
Hot Springs, HaU-way House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bras?.
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Sherwood. Casto.
Covelo, Laytonville, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsen's, Dyejr, Pepperwood. Scotia and
| Eureka.
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at 're-
duced rates. . ¦
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. t>30 Market St., Chronicle build*
°H. C. WHITING. R. X. BY AN.
¦ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. .
_ _ - ______
T1OUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
! Leave Via Sausalito Ferry ' ' . Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- ».,„*».„,.»-«._ Sun- Week
Days- days. %uam « TmTOT , f r^. Days.
9:30a. 8:00 a. -j. - ntoni u t« w „ T >» 12:15 p. 9:15a.
! 1:30 p "unn of TiuttPis- 5:55 ,; ZZZ
t |:l""!.' 2:30 P. Qp«m«»«>»^««"«-*-. 8:15 p. ...._-.
1 $»TUI15Jl'<S"tillf— 1»«™ T»«r» 9=3" '¦ >nlv.S.iFml«>ll:*k
f ¦'. Skktt OOcw. KX KSX&tt STlUSEt M<J JAVSAUTO IBIUl.. .
E7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral- services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10 o'clock," at the
latfe residence, 1502 Pacific avenue. Private:
CyFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
J): 45 'o'clock, from his late residence, 1059
Madison street. Santa Clara, thence to St.
Claire's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose. of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, at 1 o'clock, Saturday..
WILSON— In Alameda. June 26, 1902, Leo
Anthony, belqved son of David and Mamie T;
Wilson, a native of Alameda, Cal., aged 10
months and 17 days. ¦
E7 Interment Marysville, Cal. '
WALSH— In Santa Clara. Cal., June 26. 1002,
William Walsh, beloved husband of the late
Abigail Walsh, and ' father of Mrs. I Richard
O. Gaynor, a native of Rock Mills, County
Cork, Ireland. " A member of San Francisco
Lodge No. 4. A. O. U. W.
lC?"Friena3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 2 o'clock, from his late - residence, 2211
I Washington street. Interment private. . j
T0B1N— In. this city, June 20, 1902, at the
residence, 1375 Masonic avenue, Sarah Tobln,
beloved mother of Mrs. W. T. Martin and
the late Mrs. Alice Wlleoxon. • .. ;- .
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the ' funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer : Hall.'
¦ where the services will be held under the
auspices of the Society of California Pio-
neers. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PU-ase omit flowers. . _ . ¦ ,
TALLANT— In this city, June 26, 1902, John
Drury Tallant, beloved husband of Eliza-
beth W. Tallant, beloved father of Elsie and
. John D. Tallant Jr., and son of the late
Drury J. Tallant, a native of San Francisco,
a^ed 43 years. ¦ v ¦ ..
E3Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,'
June 2S, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents), 2010 Mason . street, be-
tween Greenwich and Lombard. - Interment;
Italian Cemetery, San Mateo County. . ' .
RICH — In the City and County HosDital,' June
2«. 1002. Ceorare C. Rich, a native of New
York, aged 87 years. ¦ \ . ;
RUSS— In this city. June 24, 1902, Adolphus
G. Russ, dearly beloved father of Mrs. L.
Bruckmann, . Mrs. *H. W. Weatphal and Al-
bert H.. Robert R. and Gustave Adolph
Russ, a native of Germany, aged 7G years
and 5 months. ¦ .
ETFuneral and Interment' private. .
RATTO— In this city, June 25. 1602, Maria
. Ratto, beloved dauebter uf Maria and An-
tonio Ratto, and loving sister of Giovon
Batista, Antonio, Carlo, Steve, Joseph, Rosle
and Charlotte Ratto, u native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 months and 22 days.
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-.
' fully Invited ' to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:.".O o'clock, from the parlor*
of McFadden, McBrearty. & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where "a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of ¦ his bouI at 0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cro«« Cemetery. j
RODGERS— In Auburn, June 24, 1002, Arthur,
beloved husband of Elizabeth A.- Rodcera.
and father of Millie Rodgera, ' a \ native of
Tennessee, aged/ G3 yeara 10 months and IS
days. .
C7Frlvnda and acquaintances are rospect-
fully tnvltcd to attend the funeral Saturday,
nt m:.".(i o'clock, from, hla lain rfNldfincQ, lit
Hoymour avenue, oft Golden Clato imnue,
nbove Bcott ttreot, . thonce to Holy OroM
Church, where n rcqulmn high mnaa will bo
rolebmted for the rtpone ot hla noul nt I)
' o'clock. , Interment Holy Oroaa Cemetery.
O'NEIL— In South Han KrancUco, Juno 20,
. 1002, nt th« residence of her parents. ' tstVT
Kirt-Mitli avenue aouth, of diphtheria, Mary
C. O'Nell, dearly beloved daughter of Henry
and Annie O'Nell, loving ulster 'of Gertrude
o'Nrll, nml niece of Mra. M. Caaey, Mm. J.
O'Connor, Mrs. J. Flanagan, Mr«. R. Fur-
long, Tlmmna Heley and M. Uelcy, a native
of Ran Francisco, uged II yeara U .months and
11 .lUj'K.
QUINN— In this city. Juno 24. 1002. George
A., beloved apn of Michael and the late Mar-
garet Qulnn, and brother of Charles 7.' and
May Qulnn and Mrs. W. P. Itlley, a native
of Snn Franclaco, aged 25 yeara 7 months
nnd 2 day*. . .
Hum ll. • Harvey and Mm. T. <1. Berkeley,
ft native of Hun Kranelaco.
IIRAI, KftTATTO— . CITY— FOlt ¦ l! 1 * 1^.'
yon balk uy thomajTmagkis & bons.
HEAL E8TATK AGENT8.
n MONTUOMKUY STREET.
... ~^ A <-"OlC12 INVESTMENT.
$35,000— lJlRht natB.on Tell nt. und 3 flats on
Ktivct In rear: total rent* over $220
.i month; lot haw over 75 foet frontasit
.iini run* hack to war utreet; nil street
work done: i>nya nearly 8 per cent; a
tin* Investment uh thin property nl-
wuys keep* rented. 1m»ihk cloto to town.
•A FIN13 HOM15.
513.DO0—Near )>ncina HelRhts; tln« two-story,
nttto and basement house, BnKllt.lt
architecture; splendid marine view;
lower floor han reception hall nnd din-
inr-room, both finlnhed In oak, and
solid oak sideboard In dining-room;
living room and bllllard-room finished
in curly redwood, beamed ceilings and
hartlwood floors; kitchen and butler'k
pantry; second floor has three large
bedrooms and flnely tiled bathroom:
two rooms In attic: basement has
Ktoreroom (fitted with bottle rnckn),
laundry and furnace; heater- through-
out house and gas grates; gas and
electric fixtures; good neighborhood;
all street work done.
A CHEAP LOT IN MISSION.
$2,000 — On Mission St.. 25xS3; street bltumln-
ized; granite curbing; electric cars
pass roIhk to ferry and San Mateo
County.
COLLEGE HOMESTEAD LOTS.
$1,700 — Four lots, two facing on Silver ave.
and two on Marshall St., each 30 feet
front; price Just reduced. ¦
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO BUT.
$1.200 — Seventeenth ave.. between H and I
ets.; six lots, level and ready to build
on: these lots are offered at a sacri-
fice as the owner. wants to sell; Just
reduced from $1800. '
LOTS wanted to purchase north. of Vallejo to,
Lombard and from Hyde to Lyon Bts. W. J.
GUNN, S30 California st. (Savings ¦ Union
bldg.), between Montgomery and Kearny.
A CORNER wanted to purchase, on Vallejo.
Green. Union or Filbert, between Van Ness
ave. and Lyon et. ; improved or vacant W. J.
GUNN. 530 California St. (Savings Union
bldg.), between Montgomery and Kearny.
A RESIDENCE wanted to purchase, north of
Broadway, of moderate price, between Van
Nes6 ave. and Lyon et. W. J. GUNN, K»0
California st. (Savings Union bldg.).
CORNER Paclflc and Mason; floor of 7 rooms
and bath; all frost rooms: two toilets; mod-
ern plumbing; rent $35. BURNHAM &
MARSH CO.. SO Montgomery Et.
TOU will never secure a suburban home In
sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a. bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL JP^jp^FJ?: __
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
The Leading Real Estate Firm.
Sensational offer in Real Estate ior one week.
Astonishing values offered. Be sure
and Purchase.
200x150. on best street in Alameda; sur-
rounded by choice homes; only $12 per front
foot. This Is a genuine offer; cost $50 per
foot; compelled tq sell and will be sacrificed;
will sell any number of feet.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
Take advantage of the price and purchase a
lot.
$1000 — HOUSE No. 917 Central ave.. near En-
cinal station, narrow gauge, 4 rooms and
basement; lot 25x148; key at No. 915; terms,
5100 down, $15 monthly. CHAS. A. BAILEY,
322 Montgomery St., S. F.
ONE of the finest homes In Alameda at a
bargcin; exceedingly easy terms. The In-
vestors' Agency. 137 Montgomery st., B. F.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS,
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT! ~~~"
OWN YOUR OWN- HOME.
Our plan enables you to' buy your own lot
where you please, build according to your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan offered by the Berkeley
Equitable Building Association is the easiest
and beet plan ever introduced to the public.
See our tables and convince yourself; only $8
per month pays for your home; no interest.
Home office at 2131 Stanford place, Berkeley.
Branch office Lorin P. O.. and room 30, Ne-
vada block, San Francisco. . W. C. MORAN,
secretary and manager. Agents wanted.
I HAVE for sale a splendidly built bouse of 12
rooms; fine cemented basement and large at-
tic; completed one year ago; lot 70x160; 'flne
view; street work all done, and' connected with
bath, gas and electric lights; 6ny one want-
ing a thoroughly good house can get a bar- I
gain in this. JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
$3750 — A WELL-BUILT house of 7 rooms (4
bedrooms), gas and electric lights; lot E0x
157; very convenient to electric cars and
station. JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
LOT. cor. King and Prince sts., 80x120; cheap.
Call at 506 Castro, st., S. F.
COTTAGE^ — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc; easy payments. MURDOCH. 514 Pine.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALiE FURNISHED COTTAGES.
FURNISHED cottage, 6 rooms and bath. In
Frultvale. Inquire at ticket office, Fruit-
vale station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAJfP REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE.- .
*3000. mortgage $1000. two-story cottage, nine
rooms, bath, laundry; easily changed to two
tenements; shop; pleasant grounds; near
school, churches, cars; good neighborhood;
lot G4xI25; north side street. Inquire at'
premises. 1622 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FPRjnrrURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and chear> this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. Et. James, McAllister and La-
tuna sts.
CLAY, 144C — 3 connecting rooms, completely
furn; hkpg.; gas range; bath; select locality.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622^ — Sunny bay window
suite of 2 front rooms; gas range, bath, etc.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847. opposite Jefferson
cquare — Furnished rooms; housekeeping; refs.
HOWARD^ 2381—2 or 3 well furnished sunny
rooms for adult. $10.
JONES, 614 — Sunny front and back parlor with
kitchen; also sunny single room. •
MINNA, 2S1, corner 4th — Furnished housekeep-
ing, very cheap and convenient. . -
MISSION. 1251% — Sunny corner house; house- ;
keeDinc rooms reasonable. -
NINTH, 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
use of bath; reasonable.
POWELL, 415% — 2 unfurnished rooms suitable
for housekeeping, in rear.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has bees established at 10SXJ
Valencia st. -
KOO.MS TO LET — Fnra. and Unfnra.
ARGYLE Hctel.
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister- cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week ' and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ANGELUS— New brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished sunny rooms and suites; marine
view. 530 Stockton st; bet. Bush and Pine.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth St.); rooms 25c. 60c, $1, $1 50 ntght,
$1 50 to $10 per week ; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1220 — Nice room, private family; par-
lor floor, with use of front room; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210— Double and single rooms to let
from $6 up; transient solicited.
EIGHTH, 228% — Nice sunny' room in private
family, suitable for two.
ELLIS. 321 <Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms S5c
- $150 night; $1 50. $0 week; open night.
EUROPEAN HOTEL. 830 Market St.. opp. Em-
porium — Opened for permanent guests June
"Oth; new management; refurnished; strictly
firs*, class; will giv« special inducements -to
parUes securing rooms during this month;
rates per month; elegant bay-window suites,
Market-st. side, $30; smaller suites, nicely
furnished. $20; Elngle rooms. $7 to $10. Phono
Main ltBS. . • .
Grand Southern. 7th *& Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 60. night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day,- week. mo. '
- - ¦'*"¦¦¦.¦¦Attorney Mclsaacs of Marin County,
who was. present', at the Inquest, is nol
Coroner Eden of Marln : County was
called to Angel Island to hold aji Inquesi
and take charge of the body of Beck
Harris was called "Upon to testify and h<
stated during his examination that he hac
been given strict orders to allow no boat
men to land on the dsland. He said h«
saw Beck and his companion make a
landing and he called upon' them, to halt
but they paid no- attention to his orders.
He stated further that when he, called
upon them to halt the last-time they broke
Into a run and gained their boat . and
started --to pull toward their schooner.
Then he fired the fatal shot. ;
TARDY I MEDICAL 'ATTENTION.
Hasmussen was allowed to depart after
promising x the military- authorities to re
turn the next.day'and make a statement.
He did not appear at the inquest. The
shooting, which occurred near the camp
of the discharged soldiers, created no end
of excitement. The military authorities
seemed disposed to treat the matter light
ly. They say that they have been both
ered considerably of late by- people smug
gling whisky on the island and every sen
try was cautioned'to keep a sharp look
out for trespassers. .' . _.
SENTRY MAKES . EXCUSES.
weak from the loss i of ¦ blood . and '¦ the
s';ock. He died at 1 o'clock yesterday,
mcrriing. ."
entirely satisfied with Harris* explanation
of how the shooting occurred, and he in
tends to. hold a more, searching investi
gation into the facts.. Captain Culp, post
surgeon at the Fort McDowell Hospital,
where Beck was taken after much delay,
admitted on the. witness stand that the
wound which caused Beck's death was
not necessarily fatal. He. expressed tho
opinion that the wounded man might have
lived had. he received • medical attention
more promptly. Lieutenant Guittard and
Sergeant James Sweeney, both, of whom
are connected with the post medical de
partment, testified in the same strain.
The Coroner's- jury brought in a verdict
that Beck came to his death from a gun
shot wound at the hands of Louis Harris.
Harris, who is a- member of Company F
Twenty-fifth. Infantry, . is now under ar
rest at the reservation. He will be court
martialed, but the probabilities arc that
he will be acquitted. •-.
The deceased was a native of Denmark
aged -43 years. He was ¦ unmarried and
lived at 848 Folsom street in this city.
Inquiry at Angel Island yesterday after
noon developed the fact that the military
authorities are quite reluctant to discuss
the details • of what some of the officers
choose to term "a bad piece of business."
SCENE OF THE SHOOTING ON
ANGEL ISLAND, .THE VICTIM
AND HIS SOLDIER SLATER.
A special meeting of the Police Com
missioners will be held this afternoon to
eligible list. It is also probable that the
Commissioners will appoint twenty-four
patrol wagon drivers so that they can
bp ready to report for duty on July L
To. Appoint New Policemen.
John Braesch, janitor of the building at
40 Bills street, was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Mogan yes
terday on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. Last Monday night he
had a dispute with J. A. Flshelbrand of
1725 Bronte avenue, Berkeley, and struck
Flshelbrand on the head with an iron
cuspidor, inflicting an ugly wound.
Business men can be properly served
with lunch at the Cafe Zlnkand. Ber V a
Braesch Held to Answer.
Any lady calling at S. N. Wood & Co.'s,
718 Market street, will be presented with
a set of six beautiful pastels, being faith
ful reproductions from water colors by
Artist Francis Day of New . York *
Xarge Structure Is Placed in Ferry
Euilding to Attract Attention
of Strangers.
The State Board of Trade is erecting a
large structure in tbe-nave of the ferry
building, where it will face the people
'¦who enter the city when they pass
through the building on the second floor
a* 5 they come from the boats. In the
structure will be exhibited an assorted
jot of the products of the several coun
2&? th u^. are affilIa ted with the board
The exhibits will be agricultural, horti
cultural and mineral.
i t e structure to be employed for exhi
bition purposes was formerly, owned by
a large commercial house, and was takpn
to Chicago and to Buffalo, where it : wm
ocrtwplcaocta in connection with the goods
-u-Mch it contained. It is adorned with
columns, showy glass casee and manv
ornamental features. It has been nece£
%£&££*** a PlatfOrm f0r lts P ro Pe'
By all odds it is the handsomest outfit
% T J> ur P° fee s that the State Board
of Trade has yet procured. It will b?
an advertisement for the large county
ooHections on the next floor above in
the exhibition hall of the board Sacra"
icento and Fresno counties are consider-
Sc fiaW € SSSt a ° f theIr eXhlbita *
Daylight Excursion, to Stockton
Or to Antioch and return EOc. Tha steam
er Columbia will leave Clay-street wha7f
Transportation Co., phone Mala 6»f •
Acceptance of Bonds.
District Attorney Bylngton, In view of
the decision of Jude© Sloss that the Bond
and Warrant Clerks must not accept bonds
in felony cases, has Instructed them not
to accept bonds in misdemeanor ca^es
* lth 1 r ' 5° tha £ lf necessary the quesS
can be determined by mandamus proceed
ings In future the Bond and Warrant
Clerks will accept r-nly cash balL
Bekins Van aad Storage Co. will «hlp your
goods at reduced rates. C30 Market street. •
Spain has an average of 3500 hours of
sunshine a year.
The five thugs charged with the murder
of Policeman Eugene Robinson at Six
teenth and Valencia streets last January
were subjected to the Bertlllon system of
identification at the Hall of Justice yes
terday. The operators were W. H. Lev
ings of the Bureau of Identification and
George Kelly, police photographer.
James Courtney, alias "Leadville
Jimmy"; Frank Woods, alias "St. Louis
Frank", and William Kennedy, alias
"Yellow," were taken from the County
Jail in the van. Louis Kauffman, alias
"St. Louis Fat," and William Henderson
have been kept in the City Prison.
¦Their cases will not be called in Judge
Cook's court for a month yet, when a time
will be set for .their trial. Kauffman,
Courtney and Henderson have demanded
separate trials. - . ..•;¦/
Policeman Eugene Robinson
Are Examined.
SUBJECTED TO THE
BERTTLLON SYSTEM
Five Men Charged. With. Murder of
STATE EOAED EXTEN3>S
EXHTBITCOir FACILITIES
"There is no reason why the Board of
Education should not increase some sal
aries," said W T ebster in discussing the
matter. "There will be $1,350,000 clear to
expend for the maintenance of schools
next year, and I believe the teachers
should reap the benefit. There never has
been so much money in the school fund
and I certainly will endeaver to have sal
aries raised wherever it may be possi
ble. I would be in favor of raising the
salaries of all teachers, but this will be
impossible with the funds at hand. How
ever, some salaries should be raised, and
I believe the members of the board are in
accord with the plan." -
Superintendent of Schools Webster is
in favor of the plan, and to that end will
introduce at the next meeting of the
board a resolution increasing the salaries
of teachers of the seventh and eighth
grades and principals of the .primary
schools. The resolution also will provide
for higher wages to be paid to Janitors
of school buildings. Webster thinks that
teachers of the eighth grade should re
ceive not Jess than $90 per month, where
they arc now receiving 5S3, and teachers
of the seventh grade, he thinks, should
receive $85 per month. Webster is also
of the opinion that principals of the pri
marj' schools should be increased 'by at
least $10 per month, an.d that the janitors
should have better wages in some in
stances.
There is a movement on . foot in the
Beard of Education to raise the salaries
of some teachers and principals in the
School ' Department. The matter has
been discussed behind closed doors by
the School Directors, but no conclusion
has been arrived at as yet. i '
police say that Jensen's account
o«. the occurrence is somewhat shadv he
Suik li 0^ a number of stories. They
Son Sn bThaT 11 * C ° mplete lnvesti^-
Scharf was found in a car at the foot
of Green street with a fractured skulL
Up died soon afterward. When an in
vestigation was held it was found that
Cs?car Larsen had been in tho victim's
company just previous to tho fatality
and he was soon taken into custodv
Larson admitted having had a row with
focharf in a saloon at 122 East street, but
t?ays the latter left shortly afterward Jn
the company of Jensen.
Jensen, ln his defense, claims that he
went to sleep in the box-car with Scharf
after the row with Larsen. He says that
after a short period of slumber both left
the car and seated themselves on a side
walk nearby. Jensen claims that a
stranger then came along and struck
Scharf over the head with a board. Jen
sen left shortly afterward, while, he
eidew £ WaS StU1 sittIn * on tfa e
Yesterday .afternoon Detectives Ryan
and Bailey arrested John Jensen and de
tained him at the City Prison en sus
picion of having caused the death of C.
Bcharf, a marine fireman who was found
fatally injured In a box-car Tuesday
morning. The police department now
have two suspects under arrest, but be
lieve that Jensen, who is a sailor, knows
more of the occurrence than any one
else.
Police Think He May Be
the Murderer of
Schar£
Board of Education Has"
the Matter Under .
Consideration.
MAY INCREASE
TEACHERS' PAY
JENSEN'S STORY
IS NOT BELIEVED
Palladium is employed in the making of
astronomical instruments at a cost of Us
a pound, being more precious than gold
One-half of the residue of his fortune
the decased leaves to his widow, Henri
elte Norris Hobbs, and, the other half to
& 1 , 3 *y'O\oMldrtn. Elvira \W. and Clarence
W. Hobbs of 132 Leaven worth street
The will is typewritten and bears* date
of August 14, 1901. The executors are
Mrs. Hobbs, C. E. Dugan, W. H. Jordan
and James H: Bruce. ;
To Charlotte H. S.- McAllister, a niece, S1000*
Lorenzo C. Kelton. a nephew, and his children
$500 each:' Mrs. Amanda J. WllliBton, *2000 :
Mrs. E. C. Davles, 423 Ellis street. $1000- G N*
Perkins,' brother of deceased. $3000, the Income
from which is to be used for the support of
Perkins' mother; eight cousins residing j n thp
East, $500 each' Matilda Llljeblad. deceased's
wife's maid. $500; M. H. Gllmore, $500- Golden
Gate Commandery, Knights ' Temolar 100
shades of stock In the Golden Gate HalL Asso
ciation; Second Unitarian Society, $1000- Horn
eopthtc Sanatorium, $2000; King's Daughters
$1000; Sar r Francisco Nursery for HomeTess
Cnilaren, $ouu.'* . •- — **• t**i 3 ¦¦-¦_¦ • ¦ •
The will of former Supervisor J. K..C.
Hobbs, who died June 11,. while en route
to New York from Buenos Ayres was
filed for probate 'yesterday. '-'His 'estate'
which is estimated to be worth fully half
a million dollars,' is divided as follows*
timated to Be Worth Half a
'£ .. " Million.
Former Supervisor. Leaves Estate Es-
WILL OF J. K. C. * HOBBS .
IS TILED FOR PROBATE
Beck uttered an unearthly Bhriek of
mingled pain and terror and fell in a',
heap into the bottom, of the boat. ,Ras-'<
mussen, becoming frightened, rowed back
to the shore and gave. himself up to the
sentry. In the meantime Beck's life blood
flowed freely from tho terrible gash In his
arm. ¦...-.•.
There was the usual amount of red tape
in reporting the matter and it was -fully
an hour before . the wounded vsailor was
taken to the hospital. When he was
finally given; medical, attention he was
Harris claims that he ordered the men
to halt fully ten times from the time they
landed on the beach until they started to
pull back toward their, becalmed craft.
When they were a few feet from the
shore the negro raised -his rifle and,' tak
ing aim, sent a shot after Beck and his
companion. The • bullet - struck . Beck ln
the left arm just above the elbow shat
tering it completely ¦> and i tearing a • big
gash in the flesh.
Beck and a fellow sailor, Lawrence Ras
musscn, became becalnied. .in. the brick
schooner off the island shortly, after dusk
and they landed to gather firewood. Har
ris saw them leave the schooner, and when
they rowed close to the shore in a small
boat he'hid behind a clump of bushes and
waited for them, thinking, as ho claims,
they were members of a gang of sharpers
who have been preying on the discharged
soldiers at the camp. .
The two sailors went about their task
of gathering wood Innocently enough and
when they had each picked 'up an armful
they went back to their boat. ¦
NICHOLAS BECK, a sailor em
ployed on the- Patent Brick Com
pany's scow schooner -.James
'Burns, was fatally shot last
Wednesday night on Angel Isl
and by Louis Harris, a colored sentry.
Witness Has Defaulted.
When the case of Milton Hechheimer
cigar dealer. O'Farrell and Powell'
streets, charged with forgery on com
plaint of John D. Spreckels. was called
in Judge Fritz's, court yesterday the
Judge was notified thai Alice Norton, 23S
Powell street, an important witness VC^
dently had left the city. Triie ?Judgt con!
tinued the case and issued an attachment
for her arrest.
Meet for Temperance Cause
The Woman's Christian Temr>erane«
Union held its monthly meeting at tw!
First Baptist Church yesterday MrV
Alice B. Bradley in the chair. Mrs' Marv
K. Teats of the purity department -^t
has lately done V much Sj^ ks Jn
evangelist, spoke on the condition^ nt *t
cities she had visited with regSS * tlihl
drinlcquestlon. She said that o7em»i?^S2
far ahead of California in its tem^r^f
sentiment. Mrs. Maria FreemlS En?
the department of peace deHvered an ad
dress ln support of arbitration and urwrt
all present to use every influence in the
cause of peace and the banishment of wa r
by all nations. The following named Ve?e
Mrs. A, E. Bradley, Mrs. Mary Teat, rr—
A. W. Aflen, Mrs. D. S. Spencer, Mrs 6 kJ*'
rlgan. Mrs. L. -W." Eckley. Mrs. T? I' Va^ift"
Mr». S. M. Woodhian. Mrs.- Marian Grav m~
L. T. Williams. Mrs. G. R Vmilams Mrs t
A. Morrison, Mrs. Clare Southard - Mrs p4ri™
Howard. Mrs. H. P. de Wolfe i of sSi^S~%
and Mrs. Berry. La Granie. 111. Dlec °
Dr. Carlton to Be Head of Dental De
¦ - partment of University of
California.
When Dr. C. I-Goddard resigned th»
office of dean of the dental department
of, the University of California at Uia
close of this year's work, in May, there
was much speculation as to who would
succeed him.
Dr. Goddard, who has* occupied tha
chair of dean and professor of orthodon
tia for many years, was obliged to re
sign on account of failing health
Dr. Harry P. Carlton. a graduate of th»
college in the class of .'86, was elected bv
unanimous vote of the faculty to succeed
the former dean.
. "LP 1 "- ¦' Carlton has been connected with
the college during nearly his whole ca
reer as a dentist, first as instructor •?n
operative dentistry and. later as professor
of that^chair. He is an able^ecturcr
Br. Charles A. Litton, for many years
superintendent of tne college inflrmary
.will.be the lecturer in orthodontla. Be
sides the placing of Dr. Litton on the
faculty there will be no changes in it!
The factulty at present is composed of"
Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Ph. D., president
of the university and ex-offlcio Ull dint
of the faculty; L. L.Dunbar, D £ ¦ a
emeritus professor of operative dentistry
and dental histology; T> r . Charles AT it
ton, D. D. S., professor of orthodonUa*
Maurice J. Sullivan. D. D. S orofPsW
of dental pathology, theraJeuUcs and
materla medica; WiUiam B.Lewtt M
"»"¦»' ««»"¦>¦; W. F. Sharp. D. D s
NEW DEAN ELECTED TO
SUCCEED DR. C. L. QODDABD
¦ Sacramento-street 'line— Last car will leave
Ferry at 1:14 a. m.; last car will leave Cen
tral avenue at 12MS am
.Jackson-street. line— Last car will leave Mar
ker street at 12:50 a. m. : last car will leave
California street at 12:22 am
Polk and Larkin streets 'line— Last car will
leave Brannan street at l:00-m. m.; last car
will leave Devisadero street at 12:33 a m -
\ S , ut j£ r ' street 1'ne— Last car will leave Ferrr
nua'kTlS^L 1 ™! Car Wl " leaVe C f ntral ™'
F^'nt^fn 1 Iine ~ }-* n wVwill leave the
»- .7-h 1 * a » m ,- : laHt car wm leave.Twen
ty-sixth street at 12i"wy. a. m
_ Valencia-street line-Last car will leave tha
Ferry at 1:15 a. m.: last car will leave Twen
ty-eighth street at 12:41*4 am ;
Powell-street line— Last car will leave Mar-
SSSSSSifSfej m - : •"* ,«r -¦" leavo
Kearny and Miss-Ion streets line— All-night
cars will be run as follows: From Twenty
ninth and Mission streets to Kearny and Wa?h
ington streets, from 1 a. m. to 2 a. m.. on fif
teen minutes' headway; from 2 a. m. to 5 a, m
on thirty minutes* headway. ¦
Ellis-street line— All-night cars will be oper
ated as follows between the park and depot at
Third and Townsend streets: From 1 a. m to
2 a. m... on fifteen minutes* headway; from 2
a.^m. to 5:30 a. m., on thirty minutes' head
>~f U l TO i 1 l } l e ~ X^ st car from Sutter street to
n^acn, 1:30 a. m. .Last car from beach con
nectins with Eddy and Fulton streets line -at
bixth avenue and Clement street, at 2 a m
Sutro and Park (Eighth-avenue line)— Last
teV SSJBSftSife m ' LaSt C " from Sut -
Eddy and Fulton streets line— All-nljcht cars
"w II be operated as follows between Eddy. Pow
filvf* PuHon streets and Eleventh avenue,
leading Eleventh avenue and Fulton street at
liavi' 1: A?* 2:15 ' 3:15 - 4:15 and 5:15 a- m
? « VJ- B J he corner ot Eddy and Market streets
VvL : ' * : H; 2:4lV 3:45 - 4:45 and 5:45 a - »"•
? k tt . J after Monday night, June '30 19C2.
the United Railroads of San Francisco will
operate later cars at frequent Intervals, on the
various lines, as follows: , «" iue
SrtT.fM:^.^ T " WUI leaV6 the
ir. M^ Vll l 8t f r ;oV >ect »n"e— Last car will leave th,
Par^at t 12:3S./a m m : ""' leave ""
T~r{7 f,J : ? a - m '' la8t car wl" leave the
Ifirk at V2:?.* a. m ¦ . .
A car will be operated on Devisadero street
between Sacramento and Jackson, transferring
easterly on Jackson street and northerly on
Devisadero street. -
• Eastbound cars will issue transfers to south
bound cars on Flllmore street at the corner of
Turk and Flllmore streets.
: Cars* leave corner of Fulton street and Elev
enth avenue at 12:45, 1:15. 2:15, 3:15, 4:15 and
8:15.a. m.- ¦
Jn addition to the transfer arrangements
Heretofore existing, westbound cars of the Eddy
and Fulton streets line will receive transfers
liom northbound cars of the Fillraore-itreet
line at Eddy and Fillniore streets.
Westbound cars will issue transfers to east
bound cars of the Sacramento-street line at the
corner of Devisadero and Sacramento streets.
Eastbound cars of the Eddy and Fulton
streets line will receive transfers from. west
bound: cars on Sacramento street at Devisadero
and Sacramento streets.
Cars leave corner of Eddy and Market
streets at 1:15, 1:45, 2:45. 3:45, 4:15 and 5:45
a. m.
On.', and after Saturday, June 26, 1902, the
Turk and Eddy streets line and the Sacramen
to and park line will be operated as a through
line, from the corner of Eddy and Market
streets. Devisadero,, Sacramento, Lake street
and Sixth avenue to Fulton street and Elev
enth avenue, returning over same route, sub
stituting Turk for Eddy street.
An all-night service will be provided on this
The street car management stated yes
terday that improvements in the time
card of all the electric roads not already
mentioned In the circular were being, dis
cussed and that within a month, many
other improvements would b*e announced.
The new time card follows:
Later cars will operate also on all the
cable lines, which will be of great bene
fit to the theater loving public and club
men. On the Kearny, Mission and Ellis
street, lines, between the hours of 1 l
m.' and 2 a. m. -the cars will be run
every fifteen minutes and not every half
hour • as at present.
; The management of the United Rail
roads considers the "owl" car. service a
great success and yesterday announced
many more j Improvements in the time
card. The most important order la to
the effect that on and after next Satur
day there will" be an all night car service
on the Eddy street line.
All Cable Lines Will Run
Later Oars Beginning
. Monday.
United Railroads Make
Improvements in
Time Card.
WILL RUN OWL
CARS ON EDDY
THE SAN FB AIsCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1902.
• olas Beck, One of the Grew of a Becalmed /Brick Schooner,
Is Killed by Louis Harris, a Colored Soldier Duty
¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦¦ . . , . : ¦ . _ - •¦ . . . • >•; . •-. . «
While Gathering Wood : on Beach of the Military Reservation Nich-
HARMLESS SAILOR IS KILLED
BY SENTRY AT ANGEL ISLAND
12
•^KnitflJsl? Of- Impostors.-.. THE GENUINE
Mayerle's Glasses cannot be had
from traveling opticians; must -be
.¦' ordered:' DIRECT from the OR-
IGINAL GEORGE ' MAYERLE. ; 1071 Market
street, near 7th (opposite Hlbernla Bank). Ger-
man Eyewater 50c. ¦ Telephone South 572.
Solving the Problem—A
Little History and What
Is Being Done-How
Pommer-Eilers Music
Company Can Afford to
Sell Fine Pianos Cheap'
Other stores at Sacramento;
Portland and Spokane. > -
653 Market street, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
POMMER-EILERS
MUSIC COMPANY,
If we can't convince you that
it will pay you, and pay you well,
to do business with Pommer-
Eilers Music Co., it must be be-
cause you prefer to disregard
every law of economy and sound
business sense— which is almost
unthinkable.
We are here to do business—
to sell pianos— and we can af-
ford to meet any reasonable
proposition half way; . we take
used pianos, used organs in ex-
change,' or we let you rent a
brand new piano— your pick of
our establishment— for a small
sum per month, and at the end
of a week or a month or a year
you can purchase that piano if
it is entirely satisfactory, and we
allow you as part payment on it
what you have paid us for its
rent, less simple interest.
But the fact that we wish
you to thoroughly understand is
this: We can sell better pianos
for less money than any other
house on the Pacific Coast can
afford to do. We are demon-
strating it every day. We demon-
strated it in April and May, when
we sold more pianos and organs
than any other piano house in
the United States did during the
same time. If we could not sell
pianos—better pianos— for less
money than other houses do, we
could not have attained this re-
markable record. You know
that. It is simply common sense.
LET US HAVE IT UNDERSTOOD
We want to have a word with
the man or woman who is on the
lookout for a first-class piano-
and who does not want to pay
more for it than it is really
worth. We know a few things
about buying and selling pianos.
We have made it our business for
years to find them out. We know
that/the piano business has been
run in an old-fogyish sort of
way — pianos selling fo£ twice
and nearly three times what
they were worth? simply because
dealers bought pianos as if they
were white elephants. They
were afraid. Now right from
the start we concluded that the
piano business could be run as
any other modern business is.
That meant up-to-date methods
—a revolution in the business.
Instead of buying a piano here
and one there, we ordered
pianos in carload lots, and we
made this end of the business in
the way of selling facilities cor-
respond to our extensive orders.
We reduced prices so much that
"old school" dealers gasped, and
we adopted such an easy pay-
ment plan that any one in very
moderate circumstances can get
a first-class piano from us and
not be in the least inconven-
ienced financially^:
If you Have a piano — have an
old one that you would like to
exchange for a new one, or any-
thing of that kind— you wil! be
interested in what we have to
say here. If you may need a
¦piano .this will interest you. If
you don't care for music, quit
reading now.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Sdd-ooljrfa 45*?pt3tmti>fnm NevrYort U San Frtndieo *n4 London. Also by null
SAN FRANCISCO STORfc
S. W. Corner Stockton end Geay Streets.
Gibson's Observations No. 16 1
Published by "Yo-ar Bc.om rrie^d." everyone. i n « while
•h^n^n* 2e , nt J eman L w f 'king past just now withr his
hands all curled up— holding up his cuffs— sleeves about
2 inches too long. . ¦ '
•wWW m, e n e 'l " M S l nsc '" that-therc's no : reason
When I r^^^ l° ld S Sh5rt that don '* fit.
•SoJ JL™1 ome [<f>™s here we start ri K ht in with a
tape measure We don't sell shirts by necks-our
I Stht everybody everywhere. That's.one reason why
1 ought to own your trade— I've others. '
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend/'
Furnishings for Gentlemen. '
1 12O2.12O4 Market St. 'Phone SoUth 85O
fYOU CANNOT GATHER
FIGS FROM THISTLES/^
It costs as much to make a $Z50 shoe as a "
$3^50, by the same process*
It costs as much to retail iU
It costs more\to finish it, so that ft will
resembfe some inferior $3*50 shoes!
The dollar difference thus comes out of the...
leather-out of the very life of the shoe* :/ r \
No shoe which sells for less than $3*50
can posses wear enough to justify the cost of
fine finish*
• No $3.50 shoe,-4>ut the REGAL,-can have
a wire-wear "Live Oak sole" and a "King
G&" upper-because no other is sold direct
from ** Tannery to Consumer " with only one
profit from.the Maker to yotu
Stylo Book tolls man.
Good enough
for anybody!
Havana Filler
¦; ' " FLORODORA "BANDS <»/»•;
of samt value as tags from
_ " STAR," •• HORSE SHOE," ,
"SPEARHEADr-STANDARD NA Vf.'\
'"'" OLD PEACH <fi ? HONEYS' 1
. "SAW LOG." "OLE VARCINY"
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
RELIABLE:: <&y
• Are ; the two - : fun- * . 'tu'^liji'/n? ( ¦
; damental .principles jij 1 tftij\yUJ
¦ of \ the 1 .-, success of !i- : i'/|yAi : ¦
. our tailoring ...de- V . '.Jfi'Viv.
' partment. -LChoico li/fl »"n ;
..-! stock of fresh suit- •"•¦ if •» II 9* :
: injrs. to select from. ' " I., i'lllj
Call and see them. i| I'li'j' '
..— , We ;.will.i make : J I ..lit : £
you a. suit .to or- ¦ . j J II :l
der for' .¦• ¦•.,¦..-¦¦ • ' f ' Vl
One Dollar . If;)!
a Week
. And you may wear It while pay-
ing for it. "
,428 ELLIS ST.V above Powell,
. . San -Francisco. ,._ .¦/-" .. "'
•'¦•¦¦¦¦ ' ; ' ¦ ' v; ' " J ' '
ADVERTISEMENTS.