no_textThis Is the white outing girl; and If
she prefers a pale pink waist, or a light
blue one of cheviot, cotton, or heavy
lawn, it takes nothing away from her
smartness. The white skirt with the
colored shirt will be worn not a little
this Eummer; and It Is pleasant to learn
that the very pretty and always much
admired Miss Pauline Astor wears such
a skirt, with a colored waist. This is
her rig for afternoons at Cliveden, that
country estate upon the Thames, where
the garden parties are given to the royal
princesses, and where smart gowns are
swn,
And, by the way, how stupid it is for
young people in London now. What with
the King coming out against "the young
girl in society": what with the daughters
of the King all grown up and married
or In a hopeless state of unmarriedness:
what with the little ones of the Wales
family too small to be out of the nur
sery; and no young princesses anywhere
available, it Is Indeed a season when the
young girl in London can pity herself
profoundly.
Yet she manages to have a good time.
Miss Astor wears a white suit, when in
London, in ctamine. Etamine is such a
very fashionable goods this year, and ia
capable of such a variety of treatment.
If you want It made up with ruffles and
lace, as a summer dress, then all right.
There are plenty of models. But it is
so much smarter to tailor It.
A tailored etamine was made upon the
long sheath lines just as plain as can be.
But there were panels of stitched etamine
put on down each side of the' skirt. Each
four inches wide, each stitched along the
edge, each used as a wide strapping. Tha
stuff was doubled so that it appeared
more like a panel of cloth, solid, than one
of open texture.
Can Tou Wear White P
There is a white zibiline. very light in
weight, but one must not invejn in it un
less one has many gowns. Those white
tloth dresses are apt to prove a sr.are for
the girl who must be economical. They
so soon soil, and when soiled they are
soon gone completely.
There are two. classes of women who
took very well in white. One is the big
fat woman, with plenty of figure. This
woman finds in white a merciful friend,
softening her outlines and making her
appear graceful.
The other woman is the very email
woman, she whom one calls petite. White
?ives her height and dignity and assists
lier in the matter of a "presence." It also
gives her that fairy like look which is the
privilege of the small woman.
The White Outing Girl.
1.N spite of the fact that cold winds
are 6till blowing the ambitious and
beauty loving woman insists on tell
ing us that summer is here.
She rushes the season, this pretty
creature, and in May she shows us June,
and in June she forces July and August
vpon us. Anything for a change Is her
motto in dress, and no matter how much
ihfc change may cost her. in time, in
money, and In personal wear and tear,,
she must have it.
There is a legend that no woman is
ever happy until she has worn a white
dress. Through the whole of the gentle
spring she awaits the day when she can
put It on; and, when, in the first blush
of flowering summer, she actually does
den it and sally forth, her joy Is com
plete.
A white dress, the perfectly smart
pedestrian one. consists of a skirt of
white duck or drill, and a white shirt
waist. It is quite swell to wear a hat
crowned with colored flowers with this,
and tan gloves.
Self-Trimmed Goods.
The white crepe goods will always be
liked because they make up so dreaslly.
In selecting there are many pretty and
new fabrics from which to choose. The
white cotton goods open up a great field
and the lace stripes, the linen stripes, the
satin stripes and the beautiful little
stamped white figures, all make variety.
economy if she have small pairs of shoes
to buy and as many complete summer
outfits. To the economical woman, there
fore, a word— wear white!
cotton linings, just as one would with a.iy
other gown; but these linings do not show
up well and they add nothing to the
beauty of the dress.
it you cannot aftord to line well, then do
not get , a transparent dress, so "the
modistes adviser and they send their cus
tomers back to exchange dress patterns
White, since it is ibfe color of Bunuherj
Js the one to bo advised to all who would
dress wel!. There Is something about it
which makes it ever appropriate and one
does not wonder that public women, like
Mrs". Roosevelt and ihe wom^n of the
Cabinet, choose while In preference to
yellow or grtmn or even turquoise blue.
Airs. Roosevelt is an econonjical dresser.
Her famous pronunclamento. in favor of
dressing en $300 a year, started an inter
national controversy. She chooses the
pure color because it js becoming and be
cause !t is cheap. No woman not the wife
oJ' a millionaire can neglect matters of
jo trim them there are very neat hem
fctUchinss that can be bought by the
yard; and there are goods that come with
a little cording running through them.
It looked at the first of the' season as
1 hough none but the martyrs and the mil
lionaires could enter into the fashionable
worjd. All gowns were so elaborately em
broidered, so intricately appliqued with
lace, so profusely tucked and so wonder
fully squared eff, with the insets made
out of the daintiest linen bits, that it
seemed as though a woman's whole time
would be spent upon the making of one
gown. To achieve even one creation it
The question of a lining is a perplexing
one to the woman 'who' dresses in whltp.
tor the lining costs more than the gown '
ar>d to line a 15-cent cotton means some
thing when viewed from the standpoint of
the pecketbook.
.As for the lining, it is a matter that
cannot be ignored. All or very nearly all
of the summer goods are transparent and
the lining Is distinctly visible, painfully
so .sometimes.
Of course it is possible to use the plain .
While wh'itc is made up with all sim
plicity, it is a sort of studied simplicity,
which is by no means plainness.. ,
The dee'i flounce around the foot is in
plain goods tucked at the top and released
at the botom to make, the necessary flare
and there are little bands of goods at the
head of the flounce with hemstitching
along each band.
Lace is used more elaborately in some
cases, than it need be. There is a wide
girdle of it, pointed top and bottom, -front
and back. The neck shows a band of lace
and 'ti lace point comes down to the bust.
The sleeves are finished with an elbow
puff -with a band of lace at each side of
the puff. ! , • •: ¦'•
Lace Trimmings.
The daintiest of summer gowns is made
from a material that is _a pale yellow,
the color of old lace. It has a cording
running through it and is soft and crepey.
At wide intervals there is a little puff of
the goods. All this is in the material it
self. It requires no other trimming ex
cept the little bit of lace, which goes on
all things.
One lovely bit of goods, just a plain
white cotton, .costing not much, shows
tiny rows of pin tucking with machine
hemstitching set in between the group of
tucks. Such a material is already
trimmed and Is all ready to be made up
into a waist.
looked as if she would have to work inter
minably week in and week out.
But all perplexities disappear before the
softening fingers of Time, and so with
the dress perplexity. As soon as the-ac
tual' summer goods came in and were
spread out upon the counters, one began
to notice the abundance and beauty of the
machine-made fabrics.
that show the lining too plainly.
But the prettiest gowns for the house
and many of the best gowns for the street
do "show through," and the lining ques
tion must be tackled boldly.
The Lining Question.
Here Is the advice of a very fashionable
dressmaker, who designs and executes for
the wives of millionaires:
"I begin at the very beginning," says
she, "and make my linings first."
"Mrs. A," mentioning the wife of a fa
mous multi-millionaire, "will noFbuy silk
linings, and one do«s not blame her, for
in the summer they are not durable, and
a substitute that looks just as well must
be provided.
"For this woman and for many others
among my patrons I make very stylish
and wholly beautiful linings of the finest
of lawn. The waist is low in the neck
and is made like a corset cover, sleeve
less. It is elaborately trimmed with lace
and would do for an evening waist. It
cashes nicely and is made separate from
the gown< |
"For the skirt I make not. a petticoat,
but a perfect fitting, perfect hanging
dress skirt. It has its flounce, which is
very full, and it has its sweep length. It
would do very well indeed for a gown.
"When the dress is to be put on the
lining is first donned and hooked up, the
ekirt is now put on and hooked. Then the
dress is put on, bodice and skirt. "A per
fect fit is secured and the effect is lovely.
"I make up linings in all colors of tha
finest of lawn and in wash mull, and In
the thin goods, following always ona
mcdel, and my patrons have four and six
of them and often more, according to the
size of the wardrobe.
"The secret is in making both waist and
skirt so that they look like gowns, not
like corset cover and petticoat. My
patrons could attend a dinner In a lining.
Of that I am positive."
The Ethereal Gown.
The ethereal girl is the one who dresses
in the fairy goods. These come delicately
soft and thin, yet crisp, and they are de
signed for the making of afternoon and \
piazza, gowns.
There is quite a fad now for the gown
that is stiff and starchy, not soft and
clinging, and the mulls and linens seem
designed for this sort of treatment.
While the esthetic and artistic gown—
the "slinky" one, that twists around one's
feet and gives one height— Is In fashion,
it is undoubtedly true that tha crisp,
sheer one is also In style, and tha after
noon maiden can see them both and tak«
her choice.
It is generally agreed among those who
make dress and its designing a life study
that the stiff, crisp linen and the delight
fully perky lawn, with Its starched effect,
are both meant more for country wear!
for hotel piazzas, when one can keep
one's self in picture attitudes, than for
the street.
These little dresses are trimmed with
Valenciennes usually, or with the softest
and finest of summer laces, and are made
with the lace set in the skirt and with
lace set in the. waist. There is usually a
baby-like yoke upon such a waist, and
this is completed with a juvenile ruffle ot
lace. Around the foot is a dear, crisp lit
tle flounce.. The elbow sleeves are fin
ished with a. little lace ruffle. !
Miss Simplicity will dross in white this
cummer, with the white waist buttoning
down the back; she will have a yoke, bor
dered with a lace ruffle, and her stock
will be little more than a lawn band with
lace along each edge. Her skirt will be
very simple and rather full. It will ba
finished with a very fluffy little lace
flounce. And she will wear a sash.
The Home Dressmaker.
It is a fine summer for the woman who
wants to do her own dressmaking, for In
the newest of dress fabrics are seen those
that have lace set in, after the most dell
cate ways.
There are the mulls— though they are a
little bit expensive— that have really nice
laco set in to form a sort of design, large
irregular diamonds and little swirls of
lace. You have to pay the price but
think, of doing the work yourself!
The foulard asserts itself summer after
summer, and you fall a victim, though
you don't know why. Foulard is never a
ver\- dressy goods, and it is never very
cheap. But it is, oh! so very ladylike. In
a summer foulard one can face the world
if it is made up prettily. /
There ' are foulards and foulards and
many ways of making them.
A certain elegant importing establish
ment of Gotham makes a specialty of
them. They are in Chinese blue, old cold
tobacco brown, navy blue, black, and in
many shades of green, making a gre'at
variety. All show the figure upon a white
ground, or the white figure upon a col
ored ground— tht; ; unmjstakable foulard
sijjn.
A Hundred Dollar Foulard.
These gowns are beautifully made, and
none costs less than $100. It is ahnost
a commentary upon the beauty ot the
gowr,3 when you know that the" firm has
difficulty in filling its orders at 5190 each
Now, here is a $100 foulard, just such a
one as was purchased by Mrs. -Clarence
Mackay— and perhaps the very same one:
The foundation was in two shades of
tan, light tan pebbled on a deeper tan .
ground. Green clover leaves connected by
The Very Large Hat.
The large hat. meanwhile, la enjoying
an unrivaled popularity. It is big and it
sets upon the hair in certain approved
ways. It must tilt a little, and probably
there is a bow at the back; that seems to
be necessary.
The Lord Kitchener hat has its boa.
It is in white chiffen. while the top is
startling in the intensity of its brilliant
red flowers. They are large and very
red, its leaves are large and very green.
It used tu be thought not nice to v/ear
a brilliant hat in the street, ami women
of the best taste sought the black hnt^
with its ribbons and plumes and itsr
rhlnestoiie ornaments.
But this season you see hats made all
of glaring red geraniums, and you see
them built cf violets very bold in hue and
of pansles that are not at all shrinking
but that force themselves in all their
color, upon you.
If a "loud" hat Is becoming to you, by
ail means wear one, for it will be in good
taste, sanctioned by the best dressers in
the world who put on their flower gar
dens and sally forth complacently.
The true boa of summer is built of very
thin goods, chiffon preferred, with silk
muslin running a close second. It i3
dotted with silk lozenges, and it is fin
ished along the edge, with the tiniest of
little ribbon ruffles.
One can spend a great deal of time and
some money on this summer boa and be
•well repaid in the matter of looljs. The
length just bow is to the waist, and the
boa must surely match the hat. Falling
this, it should be in white, made of white
silk muslin and little satin ribbens. There
are loves of boas, charming enough to
grace any occasion and any gown.
It is just the time of year when one ia
winding up one's preparations for the
summer. One sees many things that have
been left unbought. Prices are down and
the temptation to purchase is great.
It is a great compliment to our native
wares that American women are buylne,
their goods in this country, and even jw^
the ,vast numbers that have gone ov e f
this/ year for the coronation very few
nav* made any plans for bringing home
a wardrobe. Uncle Sam's clothes are good
enough for them. '
Stout women find this smooth front a
positive godsend. And again is the llttla
woman suited, for, with the plain, softly
trimmed front, guiltless of button or
seam, she becomes positively babyish.
There is something in her petite pretti
ness which takes at once to the waist
that buttons down the back. So It is
well to compromise with one's friends
and one's family, and to make arrange
ments to be buttoned up with regularity
and care.
" The front forms a fine field for the dU
play of jewelry, and at a luncheon,
very dressy one, to introduce a muaicaih
relative of Somebody-or-Other to society,
the ladies looked as though decorated
with all the orders of the United King
dom. There Is always the locket which
hangs from a slender invisible chain, and
there ia the dangle which hangs from Its
long chain.
Lovely sets of pins coma now, four
beautiful, clear pearl ones, looking Ilka
mother-of-pearl and a. large oval pin to
match. AH these are for the front of tha
seamless waist and are to outline tha
yoke and trim it. They are set along at
intervals, with the big one In the middle.
The big hat grows bigger and tha little
hat grows smaller as the season warms.
The latter is for matinee and for very
nice reception occasions and for special
events. But it can hardly be called a
street hat. Indeed, many do not own tha
tiny little hat; and really draw no medi
um between the big hat and none. at all.
For a tiny hat, if wear one they must,
women compromise upon a coiffure or
nament which consists of a feather, an
aigrette, a few gems and a bow of vel
vet ribbon, the whole bearing a wavy
look as though it were a thing of air.
Everything is done to add to the light
ness of the hair ornamented, to Its fly
ing" qualities, so to speak. The orna
ments are perched on spirals that they
may dence and the flowers are attached
to wiry stems to make them sway; tha
aigrette- floats, from very lightness, and
the ribbons are perched in very perky lit
tle wavs.
The Closed Front.
Many of the handsomest new gowns
are closed in the back and this style
is becoming to all. It is youthful and
graceful, and the fact that it is a nuis
ance is the only argument against it.
.Many o'f ihe s.ik Dodices axe made witn.
the postillion back. But for this it is al
most as well to make the tails of silk to
match the gown, and attach them to a
belt to form a postillion belt.- Then ona
need not always wear the little rear
tabs. That they are becoming there is no
doubt and that they give height and slexx
derness is undisputed. Yet it is pleasant
to be able to do without them.
The woman who studies the fashions
and designs her own gowns is as a rula
the woman who gets along on a cloth in
the spring, a summer siik, a little blazer
coat, a few skirts and as many shirt
waists as she can get. It is well witn
such a wararobe to have each garment
made along the conventional lines in
stead of trying a fashionable extreme.
The rurHed skirt, gather*^ \>ifvthe band,
the "tub" skirt it has been nicunamed.
may be here next winter. It was o*ica
fashionable in the ballroom and may ba
again; but for one's summer silk It is
not well to be too progressive unless one
has a dress or two to spare.
There are Eugene skirts creeping lnt©
the fashionable shops, and llttlo glimpses
of the Eugenie modes are given now and
then. But the woman wno wants to fcw»
on the safe side will not. just yet. ruf.I'i
her skirt to the top, nor will she make it.
very full and round.
There is one model to which Dum
Fashion is faithful. The plain, dose-fit
ting skirt with the foot flounce. True,
she varies the flounce and makes It a
Spanish ruffle, deeper In the back, or ah*
points it along tho top. or aha side plaits
It, or she takes It and sets a fluffy ruf
fle under it. But on all the new gowns
you will see this volante, or on so many
of them. • ¦
Dame Fashion Faithful.
Those who keep up tha pretty practice
of paying calls each summer before going
Into the country can Invest in one of the
summer silks and make It up convention
ally.
Poulard has been called the church
grown. So It Is, and the summer calling
dress, and certainly the one for coolness
and comfort. It wears well, does not
muss, and Is not apt to look rundown
until it is all worn to rags.
If you do not care to go quite so high—
and there are those who would look at
$100 a Ions time before spending it on on«
foulard— there are Just as pretty things
with lace and velvet, all done along faah
ionable lines, but Involving not much labor
nor much fine lace.
The waist had a yoke and stock of chif
fon, with black velvet running through th«
¦tock, and thers were applications of
duchess upon the vest and at the top of
the sleeves. Beautiful tmdersleeves.
trimmed with lace, completed tho gowir>
There was a black velvet sash. I
Such a dress as this, counting the eosft
of the goods, of the lace, of the velvet and
of the time to make It. was worth, the
money.
There was a foot flounce which grew
very wide in the middle of the back; and
heading this foot flounce, there was an
application of beautiful duchess lace wit,h
the foulard cut out underneath. Parts' of
the lace were lined with black velvet.
The hips have application of duchess
with the foulard cut out in the same man
ner, and black velvet was set under here
and there. In little stray patches.
stems were scattered all over the mate
rial.
THE SUNDAY CAliL.
2
THE WHITE
COWN
IS NOW THE
FAD
In spite of occasional blasts
the smart white duck, the
gauzy afternoon gown and the
handy and ever-ready foulard
are In our midst— Why Mrs.
Boosevelt dresses in white.
What Pauline Astor and other
Anglo-American beauties ara
¦wearing—How to get up your
gown to look as though it cost
one hundred dollars— Cheating
the public i:i matters of lace
and summer silk.THE SUNDAY CALL.
3
and moonlight and nights without a lamp
To break'the heavy clouds that hang above their silent camp,
And days when all the hours are gray in slant of falling rain,
When in the shivering, tossing boughs the weary winds complain
SiSark days and bright days, days of" bud and bloom,
Ah, not to them is grief or joy, who slumber in the tomb
Long since the clash of arms forgot, the old swords rusted red,
And, they who strove so gallantly, safe- with the peaceful dead.
* ". - . ' . ' » ¦' ¦' i . ' »¦«¦¦* ' . . ..
SUue" coat or; gray coat,, moth possess it now K V r ~
.'Up an^ down the sentries' tramped; -today men guide^rie plow-
Other men, and other times, song and, feast and shout '.
Where fiercely raged the battle and dreary was the rout/;
Hilt to hilt and foot to foot> stubborn foes were they
Who fought on mount and meadbw in that far iheroic d&y,
I Banner waving o'er their graves, we count you with the cost,
For freedom is your trophy, and no brotherhood was lost. ,
"¦ ;.-,. . ¦ . .-.;-;; ' ' . .; : .-/ .^_v ¦;.'¦; •. ¦ ;,;
nave We to give the brave, who once were so alive;
Quick with loVe and quick with hate, stern and swift to strive?
Tears? Nay, they need them not; rather smiles and praise •
Swoet with the fragrance of these shining forest days,
May wreathes the upland and the valley is abrim <
With flower-scent and color, and the glad winds sing a Kymn.
Flowers on the lowly mound, let the children bring
Largesse of their beauty on these beds to fling.
to you, valiant ones, here at rest who lie.
While above your pillowed heads the marching years go by
COPYRIGHT !902 BY A J^RESCOTT
MEMORIAL
DAY" 'Xc,' replies Dan, 'that's what I says.
She ups an' lives with Shoestring. Which
if shed jumped the game an' abandoned
Shoestring now, it wouldn't have been so
reedie'lous bad."
".'An' whyever is it sech a misdeal?'
afcks Dave Tutt. 'Liz don't leave him,
does she?'
" 'An' 1 pauses to rtate,* says Dan, 'thar
them maritals breaks is the crownin' er
ror of Shoestring's c'reer.'
"We-all is idlin' about tne r'ar ware
room of the New York store at the time—
the same bein' after the Red Light a
mighty pop'lar resort of Wolf ville first
circles — appreciatin' the liquor an' feelin'
happy an' onengaged to the verge of
bein' dissoloote. Final, Texas Thompson
says somethin' concernin' Tucson, an' that
brings Dan Boggs to the center with the
news that when he's last in that metrop
olis he cuts the trail of Shoestring Tan
ner, an' Shoestring's dene got wedded to
Eigfoot Liz.
"But speakin' of Colonel Sterett, it's
trooly worth your while to listen to him
relate about the Sterett family. That
outfit from the days of his grandfather
down don't have nothin' but adventures.
An' when the Colonel exhausts his imme
diate relatives he branches out onto cous
ins an' uncles an' aunts. It's cne evenin'
¦when he tells us of the dooel a cousin of
his don't fight none, an' the causes whioh
results in this onseemly peace.
"An* do you know," he went on, follow
ing a Wolfville word or two, "I allers al
lows I contracts my habits of talkin' from
Colonel AVilliam Greene Sterett. Not that
I deplores bein' garotflous. neither; for
next to nose paint there's nothin' like
a talk to revive a gent an' put him in
humor with his destinies.
The talk became discursive and sought
subjects in far corners. At last, how
ever, as was generally the case, my gray
friend pot back to Wolfville, where his
memory and his fancy seemed ever most
at home.
Eced." Here he nodded by way of
emphasis and as though to fix the status
of his favorite black servitor even with
himself. Tom was about the rooms the
moment before to see after the wants of
his master, and I had remarked on the
amiable integrity that stood apparent on
his face. My observation drew forth my
friend's endorsement. "Which, of
course," he continued, after a smoky In
terval, "thar's weak links in Tom's moral
nacher, that a-way. Now, if we-all was
to leave Tcm onmolested 'round a jug of
Valley Tan, most likely he'd up an' tam
per tharwith. An' onder certain condi
tions I wouldn't trust no chicken alone
with Tom onless it's got a chaperone.
Eut them's fallin's common to all Afri
cans; white folks foresees and guards
agin 'em. With said exceptions, I repeats
Tom's as honest as thar's any call."
S~*y HORE, Tom's honest," confirmed
the Old Cattleman, at the same
V J time tapping the ash from his cigar
F* 1^ with dexterous finger. "That's to
say, Tom's as honest as thar's any
Copyricht, 1902. by Robert Howard Russeh,
cousin decides that further delay Is dan
gerous an' resolves to have his detrac-
" ' "Which the river's a mighty sight
more dangerous," says my cousin, speak
in' in defensive explanation, "than the
passel of measly poltroons who's on my
trail. I takes to the Ohio as the greater
of two perils an' to show how much I'd
desperately dare for principle, that
a-way."
" 'Thereafter a editor person over to
Looeyville alloodes to the eepisode in a
sperit of barbed facetiousness an' sort o'
derides my cousin a heap. My cousin at
this la'nehes into a second speech, where
in he deescribes this editor as, a rattle
snake an* calls attention to his own serv
ices to the commoonity. "Which it's
shore a pore return," says my cousin as
he puts the cap-sheaf on his eloquence
by way of peroration, "when a gent who
has contreebuted as much as me to the
good of Kentucky is assailed by sech
footless reptiles as this yere Ink miscreant
of Looeyville."
" 'In the next paper that editor jeers at
my cousin. "He contreebutes," says the
editor, while considerin* my cousin's bluff
as to what he does for the public; "he
contreebutes to the good of Kentucky
what we at the age of seven contreebuted
to our dad's hayln'. An* all we does on
that agricultural occasion is to ride out
to the field on the wagon an* ride back
on the load." Then this Journalist ex
hausts himse'f in malignant epithets ag'in
my cousin, of which, most likely, the least
objectionable is "hoss thief."
" 'It's jest at this yere pinch that my
deadfall a whole lot myse'f.' '
}' 'Which I'd give a stack or two,' goes
on Colonel Sterett. He don't heed Texas
buttin' in with his loogubrious bluffs, it
bein' a "W T ol£ville custom to ign'ore 'em as
much as ever we can, so's not to augment
Texas' gloom,— 'Which I'd^ give a stack or
two, I says, if you 'all sports had a-knowed
my cousin. His name is Darlington Bad
minton Sterett; but thar's sech a air of
command to him he's called captain by
common consent. Not that he's a cap
tain neither, now nor yeretofore. He's in
the late war, troo, but the part he plays
is conceded by the Sterett fam'ly as dis
graceful— for he lights on the side of the
Fed-rals— an' is never mentioned unles
the household's hand is forced. My cousin
up an* declar's for the Union— he inherits
the impulse from that Andy Jackson
grandsire, I tells you of— the moment we
hears of Sumter; an' havin' defined his
p'sition, he gets strategic an' crosses
the river over into Ohio. It's as well he
made the shift, top, as Kaintucky senti
ment is some fervid on that subiect of
the Union. As it is, ca'm, dispassionate
people who ain't in the chase at all says
my cousin den't beat public opinion to
the river's bank by more'n twenty yards;
an' that even then if it ain't for the mis
fortune of him bein' able to swim like a
fish, he'd shore been lynched. No; my
cousin's all right now; Kaintucky feelin's
ain't so feverish as former; it's on the
simmer a lot; an' to-day, he infests the
fam'ly stampin' ground in the heart of the
Bloo Grass, an' is more or less loved an'
lucky as one discerns in the fact that he
jest now capers altarward with No. 3.
" Well do I recall,' goes on the Colonel,
as he assists himse'f to a drink— the bot
tle bein' handy an* invitin'— 'when my
cousin returns to Kaintucky on the heehs
of that war. He don't say nothin': he
sort o v goes to vptin' the Dem'crat ticket
like he's never once left off; an 1 - as hot
even Morgan's men could do "more, he's
accepted by the pop'lace as a prodigal an'
endorsed as sech. He goes on an' on im
provin' in his politics, ontil he's sent to
Frankfort as a legislator. It's then—bar
rin* them constantly rceurrin' weddin's—
that ray cousin's troubles might be said
to have begun.
" 'Its one day when my. relative intro
dooees a bill, makes a fiery speech in it-s
support, an' is tliarupon walloped outen
his moccasins by a four to one vote. At
this, a long, lean mountain gent gets up
an' p'ints his finger at my cousin an'
says a heap tauntful, "The folks who sent
you yere to this Legislature might as well
have writ a letter." Then he goes for-ard
an' become disdainful about my cousin's
swimmin' the Ohio River that time.
forms me he's jest through bein' married
for the third time. "It's a great game,
Bill," writes this cousin. "I've gone
ag'Inst it three times, an* it turns ace
deuce-ace for me. I win twice; lose once."
'You see,' explains the Colonel, 'my cous
in's second -wife nacherally scolds the
ha'r plumb off his head. Good woman,
but talkative* in a acrid way; an' that's
v/hat my relative means by "deuce." '
• "'You can gamble,' says Texas Thomp
son, kind of doleful— he's tninkin' of that
Laredo divorce his former wife gets her
mark on— 'you can gamble you don't have
to diagnose your cousin's message none
to me. I saveys what he means by
"deuce"; I've been caught in a. sim'lar
"COLONEL STERETT'S
COUSIN."
"'But my cousin shakes hla head; he's
beginning to lose heart. "No," he says,
"If I can't get this author's ha'r without
shellln' the camp or lnauguratin" a com
mon vulgar riot, why then! let fcim
escape. The fates Is as' in me. But! Bwr,
this yere failure should be a lesson 'to
you. The next time you're reetalned to
aid an' abet a klllln', don't x go romancin'
'round, askln' advica none, but jest
prance in an' slay an* skjsh an' say no
more about it." * "
" "This attack takes the tuck outen Bill
an' he begins to feeble down a whole lot.
At last he confesses that feelin" how little
he saveys of the code, he asks the clerk
of the tavern. That gent puts him In
commoonieation with Colonel Blood, as
the Bloo Grass Co't of last resort In ques
tions of honor. Nacherally, the colonel
does the rest. ."But I'll tell you. captain,"
concludes Bill with a gleam of hope In his
eye, "I'll tell you what we-all can do.
We can have a street fight easy. We
merely sends this outcast word to heel
himse'f, select a pard, an' be at sech a
place at sech a time; an" tharupon me an"
you Is present framed for war an' gaily
shoots 'em up."
Bill!" roars my cousin after glarln'
at him a bit, "who've you-all been talk-
In' with? You don't understand no more
about dooels than you do about college!
Whq*,ve you been talkln' with? I propose
to know."
" 'In two hours. Bill is back, an' he's
walkin' jaunty an' confident an* accosts
my cousin with airs of patronage. "Cap
tain," says Bill, "we can't proceed with
this. I learns that last evenin' you char
acterizes this party as a blacklais an' a
villain. Havin' subjected your method of
resentin' his slanders, captain, you are de
barred a dooel. You can't call a gent a
blacklal? an' a villain an' then haul him
to the field of honor. An* besides, if he's
a blacklaig an* a villain, he's beyoind
the notice of a gent an' is a heap o.©?it
to come." When Bill rattles off this, he
surveys my cousin like he's shorely
lookin' down on him from some soopreme
heights of knowledge.
haughty, an' buttonin' his surtoot starts
out to look up the victim. Meanwhile my
cousin sinks back contented an' comfort
able; for now, with Bill on the warpath.
an* him ignorant of rools, he reckons he's
goin* to get action. That's where he losei
ag'in.
Xj©Wli/»
WOLFVILLE STORIES
FOR THOSE WHO WOULD PLAY THE FASCINATING GAME OF WHIST
BY MRS. E. P. SCHELL.
THE rotary discard was first sug
gested by P. J. Tormey in an ar
ticle published in the January num
ber of Whist, 1S95. In the rotary
the fall of a single card gives your
partner exact information, so that he can
lead you the highest card of the suit and
does not take any chances with little
cards to be caught by the adversaries.
The usual form of the rotation of the
suits is spades, hearts, clubs and dia
monds, but the one in xnost general usage
in our local clubs is the alphabetical ro
tary- I think perhaps the reason of this
is that alphabetically it Is easier to re
member. The alphabetical rotary is clubs,
diamonds, hearts and spades. The first
step In the case\jf the "rotary" is for
th« partners to arrange their cards in the
following rotation: Clubs, diamonds,
hearts and spades, remembering always
to eliminate the trump. If your suit is
diamonds you should discard a club, or if
it is hearts you discard a diamond. Spades
being your suit you should discard a
heart, if cluo% a spade should be dis
carded, and so on around the circle. Now
to make It clear about the elimination of
trumps, let us say hearts are trumps and
spades your suit; the discard should be
a diamond. Hands frequently occur
where the necessity of following'lts exact
and literal demands would' cause the sac
rillce of a card too valuable to be parted
with, of a guard to an honor, or worse
still, of an honor Itself. This rigidity
has prevented the general adoption of the
rotary as an Invariable discard by the
better whist players, although in a limited
form it can be most advantageously com
bined with the old discard \ of strength
and weakness according to the trump sit
uation, and it la in this limited form-that
is now generally advocated.
The limited rotary discard is so called
because its use is confined to cases where
partner has opened trumps as the original
opening of the dealt and is still in , the
lead, the trump suit not having been dis
continued at the end of the trick where
the discard card takes place. If the
trump lead has been interrupted .and one
of the opponents has opened his suit there
is no need for a rotary discard, as of tha
iwo remaining suits the*' discard should
be from weakness.' All whis.t '-: players
know from experience how troublesome
the old discard was. When you were lead
ing trumps, partner followed two. or
three times, how desirable it was that
the one discard he would make should
give you exact information. It was in
such situation that the old discard was
lacking, while announcing that as the
discarder's weakest suit gay© not the least
information as to which was the stronger
of the other two remaining suits. :
Cases arise .every • day .where another
lead, of trumps: is either extremely dan
gerous or absolutely Impossible. It Is In
just such ¦ situations as this that, the ro
tary is useful. When the two are com
bined, the rotary to be used in the limited
form and the discard of strength and
weakness, according to trump situation In
all other cases, we have *the most {Satis
factory system . of - discard yet suggested.
. : Spades trumps, leader west. .
THE DEAL.
North..
H.— A. Q, 10, 6,8. • ;
?T~-^t *E» Q» *• ' S.— 7, 6.
W~a '£ / ~ H.-9.8, 7.
tV a' & e • " C— 10, 8, 7, 8.
D.— A, K, 6. 2. , • D.-J, 10, 7, 3.
. . South.
S.— J. 6, a.
H.— J, 4, 3.
ifc& $;£'*'
L Kg* *2s 6s Is
I KdV : Id 3d *6d
5- Ad* M ;7d 8d
• |. * »" |p
mm p & is
10. 4o 10h« 9h . Be
•11- 6d 6h* 8c 9c
12. Qc« 6c 10e Jc
13. -Ac* 2o ¦ ., Jd Kc
Star Indicates winning card.
West takes out three rounds of trumps,
at trick three East gets a discard, dis-
... _ -~
carding the three of clubs, Indicating dia
monds as his suit.
' Trick 4. With, West's strong hand and
eleven trumps gone, he would have prob^
ably played better to have led diamond
two, - Instead of the king, but not know
ing the strength of partner's diamond suit
was afraid of blocking it.
Trick & North discards hearts, show-
Ing his strong suit."
Trick 7. South gives partner jack of
hearts as a strengthening card. West
must cover with king, thereby losing his
re-entry In 'hearts. '.
Trick 8. North takes West's nine of
tramps and goes down the line with the
hearts.
The last" two tricks fall to West" s ace
and queen of dubs.
The fifth annual congress of the Wom
an's Whist League has Just closed, after
a most sucoesaf ul tournament, at the Ho-
tel Somerset, Boston. There was an at
tendance of between three hundred and
fifty and five hundred at all meetings.
and the greatest interest and enthusiasm
was displayed by all the participants.
The play, for the three trophies and the
Philadelphia cup were the most Interest
ing. The Washington trophy match, the
senior event of the tournament, was won
by the Baltimore Woman's Club— nine
and a half matches plus thirteen tricks.
This trophy becomes the property of the
club winning It at the twentieth annual
congress. By a score of six matches plus
twenty-one tricka the New Amsterdam
Club of New York carried away the To
ledo trophy. The Cavendish trophy win
ner was the Cavendish Club of Boston
with three matches plus nine tricks. Tbe
gold medal for the highest indivtaXi
score went to Miss Hooper of the Caven
dish Club, with plus eight. The Herod
Club of Boston secured a win for the
Philadelphia cud by a score of 10 4-10.
THE SmSTD A Y CAX.L.
'IT'S AT THIS YERE PINT IN THE GOSSIP OVER SHOESTRING AN' BIGEOOT LIZ COLONEL STERETT DRIFTS INTO '»'H K HERD."
the reptile editor's life, an" tharupon him
an* Colonel Blood shakes hands. "An' I
prefers rifles," concludes my cousin;
"rifles. Colonel, at forty yards, is my
idee."
"'The Colonel applauds rifles, an' says
if he can coax, the enemy into that seelec
tion, he will. Then him an' my cousin
plants themse'fs across table from, each
other where the bottle is within . common
reach, an' proceeds to draw a challenge.
This yere formality takes two hours; for
the Colonel is as particular . as if it's a
deed to real estate; an' each phrase has
to be weighed like a bullet an' polished an"
sharpened like it's the blade of a bowle.
At last, when the challenge and the
whisky is both finished, the Colonel stands
up slim an' straight an' gray, an' says,
"Captain Sterett, I will now go about my
dootles. You shall hear from me to-mor
ry: an' onless I mistakes, I'll preevall on
the opp' sitlon to call, it Winchesters at
forty yards." Then the Colonel t goes away
like a ramrod on two laigs. . - , . .
" 'It's that evenin* out to a round-up at
the Fountain, my cousin Is reelln* off a
speech that would make Cicero lay down
his hand, when a gent in the audience ad
verts to the articles in that editor's paper
wherein he sets forth how my cousin is a
ness thief an' sundry ' other things. My
relative retorts spiritedly that the editor
Is a blacklalgr an* a villain an' that he aims
to acquire enough of his hide to make a
pa'r of boots before he quits camp. It's
this outburst, nacheral though it be, that
comes between my cousin an' his ven-y
geance an' thwarts him. out of his prey.
. " 'it's later that same evenln* when my
cousin is back to the Gait House. Colonel
Blcod comes into the barroom where he'a
reposln' hlmse'f an' reorganlzln'^his facul
ties followin* his labors at the Fountain.
The Colonel looks plumb grim - an* dig
nified. ¦ . .
"'"Did you tree him,- Colonel?" asks
my cousin, mighty suave that a-way.v
" ' "Captain Sterett." says the Colonel,
an' his tones is severe, "this cannot pro
ceed. You characterizes this person in
your speech this evenln' as a blacklaig
an' a villain. Captain, you have chosen
your method of- redress. You can't onder
the. code tradooce a party an* then bring
him to the field of honah. No, sir, Cap
tain, you can't do both.* Moreover, if this
editor is a blacklaig an' a villain, he's"
beyond the consideration of a' gentleman
an* not entitled to the privileges of the
dooel." . . ...
" 'At this the Colonel looks mighty truo
yoolent at my relative like he's a half
notion of challengin'. *im himself for frlt
terln*. away this yere chance of a fight.
My cousin don't say nothin'; he sees It's
no use, an' him an' tha Colonel says
"Adlost" plenty stilted.
" 'But my cousin has kind o* set his
heart on klllln' off this Journalist, so he
sends back to his own country for a b/ar
huntin' pard of his whose name Is Bill.
This Bill is a exyooberant gent, an' pre
fers -trouble to money every, time. My
cousin's message reads: Tm goto* to
have a fight. Come at once." It's need*
less to. state .that this Bill Is present at
Looeyville all spraddled out by second
drink time next day.
"•"Whoever is It?" asks Bill, all «n~
thooslasm.
" ' "Set down, an' don't open yewr
mouth," retorts my cousin, a heap stern,
for he saveys he's goi to curb Bill. "Vtvm
take that pen an' write what I tell you."
" 'The iron-bound airs of my cousin
subdooes Bill a lot; an* tharupon reoel
lectln* as well as he can the Colonel's
challenge, he repeats It over to BUI, who
writes It down. "An' now." says my
cousin, "go an', find the wretch, give him
that message, get the name of his friend,
app'lnt time an* place for hostilities an*
see that you comports yourse'f with 'style.
Don't, you-all go grlnnin' about like one
of these yere bob-cats arrangin" this
¦laughter. If you do, folkVll see If s your
first dooel."
•••Bill at this reproof gets grave an*
" 'Once my cousin is ensconced In his lair
at the Gait House, he sends a tracer for
this Colonel Blood. It's mebby fifth drink
time in the afternoon, say 4 o'clock in
hours, when the Colonel is ushered into
my cousin's presence. The latter shows
the Colonel, his credentials, orders' up
the licker, explains how he hungers for
tor's skelp. Bein' he's shore enough chiv«
alrous an' likewise seein' " he's confident
if ho downs the editor in any other way
he'll shore be pounced on by the pop'lace
an* strung up all pei.sive to some saplin',
n>y cousin decides on a dooel. To make It
ccme easy, an' also because he prefers to
have his expenses to Looey ville borne by
the party at , large rathgr than pay 'em
himse'f, he arranges so's the Central
Committee in the campaign then ragin'
assigns him to make a couple of eloquent
speeches in Looeyville. An' as he's Ignor
ant, utter, of. the punctillios of the code,
he packs along in his warbags a letter of
introduction to Colonel Blood. This gent
is a past master of dooels, whether with
six-shooters, rifles, or that excellent
wcepon the knife; an' he has as principal
an' second founded rich foonerals to that
extent . that the local ondertakers in ac
knowledgment of his services has already
give it out that they will bury the colonel
for nothin' whenever he chooses to cash
in personal. s ' ¦
Another page of the dncmnOTt Is ruled
oft Into spaces la which are to be fQled
the various amounts drawn. Still «j»«*^yr
page Is devoted to a list of banks in dif
ferent cities and towns In the world at
which suoa a letter will bo honored. This
letter Is not merely an assurance that Mr.
Jones Is "good" for the amount i^H.
but that he Is a proper person, from a
social point of view, to receive such a
letter. This is oa* of the otd-fashloned
features of benktng. which Is not based
entirely on a donar-and-cents basis.
Mr. Jones most famish assurances to
the hfip^^f house, la ease he is personal
ly unacquainted with any of the persons
conducting It. that ho is not only finan
cially sound, but socially so; otherwise
tSe letter is refused him, He can buy a
bill of exchange oa the basis of dollars
and cents, but not a letter of "credit.
With this letter of credit Mr. Jones may
travel to any part of the civilized world,
without taking with him a cent of money,
and always feel sure that his financial
¦wants, within the limits of the sum named
therein, will be supplied. Before leaving
he must place under the control of the
T^wMwg house the amount named in &e
letter, either la cash .or its financial eqmK
alentd— Boston Herald. «*
After arranging: his itinerary and sat
isfying himself that he can afford to ex
pend the amount ho has estimated the^trlp
will cost him, Mr. Jones betakes '«p
self to a banking house in this city -riEcJi
Issues letters of credit and obtains such
a document. It Is usually a Laxra folder.
On the first page Is an engraved letter of
Instruction. The banker, addressing hi*
correspondents la whatever part of the
•world thay may be, begins* by formally
-taking the liberty, «to. M et tntrcdadn*
Mr. Jonee and certifying that his cx»<m U
equal to the •am of 123,000. At the foot
of the page Mrt loses sign* his name. •
To illustrate a typical case, let us intro
duce Mr. Jones. He decides that he would
like to spend a year in travel, and. after
mapping out an itinerary, he makes an
estimate of the amount of money it will
be necessary for him to spend. He fixes
the amount, say, at $10,000. The average
traveler doea not care to load himself
down with any such sum, because, in ad
dition to the inconvenience of handling
it, be makes himself a possible target for
thieves In case they learn of his posses
sions. He can, of course, divide this sum
into smaller amounts by drawing bills of
exchange, payable on certain banks in
certain cities throughout the world, but
the latter of credit affords a much more
simple and satisfactory method of keep
ing himself supplied with funds.
ONE of the most interesting features
of the business substitute for actual
money, and a substitute that is
used by nearly every trans- Atlantic
traveler, is the letter of credit.
LETTERS OF CREDIT
"It's at this yere p'int in the gossip over
Shoestring an* Bigfoot Liz that Colonel
Eterett drifts into the herd. 'An' men
tionin 1 marriages,' remarks the Colonel,
eeizin' on the discussion as handy an* ac
kerate as any cow gent could throw a
rope, 'I gets word from a relative ef mine
—he's a cousin, this party is— an* he in-
" They shore lets each other In on the
ground floor,* says Dave Tutt; 'that's
whatever! "When me an* Tucson Jennie
fronts up to become man an* wife you
can gamble we begins plumb sumptuous
compared to that'
" The tame beln' all the more to her
credit,' declares Enright; "when Liz ups
an' shuffles her appetite's for a newer,
soberer deal. No, sir; I applauds both her
an* Shoestring for hookin' up. An' that
they sticks an' etays with the game
shows them nuptials ain't no ha'r brand,
but Is burned Into their > souls with the
hot brandln* Irons of love itse'f. "When
me an* Liz Jinea forces," eays Shoestring
that time he's confidln* to me about It,
"thar's no gent who can say- we weds
each other from sordid motives. All I has
la a* crooked deal box an' a deck of
kyards, while Liz's entire trowsoe is made
up of two blankets an' a string of
beads." '
*' "Liz shore lives down a heap of whis
ky In her day,' observes Texas Thomp
son, in meditative tones;
" 'Dan. you-all's a heap too severe,'
says Old Man Enright, sort o' remon-
Etratin' "with Dan: 'I pow-wows with
Shoestring as to his prospects, an' he's as
contented an' pleased as a burro over a
pack of beans. Shoestring is dealing
mcnte in the Bank Exchange an" workin'
every night. Him an' Liz has a wickeyup
cut on the aige of camp, an' he tells me,
confidenshul, that Liz is a troo he'pmeet
that a-way, an* as industr'ously livin*
flown her past.*
4g£ Ids oodmsjid, t***f'*"it^* h# does) not t'^t
slly prodooa •> good Impression at first.
Ha Is vary mseh Ifksd by Filipinos oa ac
count of Ids ceremonious """""^ which
are calculated to Impress them. '
**E# Is «ppro«>e!hs>bla and shows Interest
In their attain. Ha im relentless la tha
pursuit of tha enemy, but when tha dis
trict Is once pacified (as in Northern Lu
zon) ha devotes himself earnestly to Im
proving tha condition of tha people.
• "If he errs It Is from •xoess of zeal oa
behalf of the Inhabitants rather than
through neglect. He has had great suc
cess in bringing 'to Justice bands of rob
bers and assassins. More than thlrty
fivo were hanged In his district, after due
trial, between April, 1900, and 1901.
"While in Northern Luzon ha had great
success in' organizing civil municipal gov
ernment, and especially In establishing
and maintaining an efficient and loyal na
tive police force.
"In February, 1300, after accepting an
invitation to a fiesta, or native entertxln
ment, s in his honor, he received informa
tion that .bis assassination was intended.
Instead of staying away, he went, with a
small and apparently inadequate escort.
But he sent a company by a roundabout
way and was able to capture or kill most
of the band which lay in wait for him."
I am told that - General Smith was
deeply offended because Agulnaldo ftnti
offered a reward of only jsooo for his cap
ture* .
Of the material In my possession X
have reproduced only enough to satisfy
ot them gwntla te penea yet terrible in
war."."'.
, "Ha Is greatly liked by officers and men
Another West Point graduate who Is ex
cellent testimony writes me that General
Smith "was second, in command of the
Second United States Infantry in the San-
General Smith entered the army at the
outbreak of the Civil War, In 1861, and has
had an honorable record covering more
than forty years of service. He was
breveted for gallantry at the battle of
Shlloh (1862).
General Smith Is not a West Point
graduate, and therefore I quote by pref
erence the language of graduates as being
presumably more free from prejudice in
his favor. . '^ k '/;.
"All officers who have served with him
are unanimous In saying- that his work at
Samar was excellent. He has great
bravery and coolness in action."
I have been latterly making Inquiry re
garding him among his fellowssoldiers.
Here is what one of them says:
By thus dwelling: upon Isolated passages
It is easy for those of us who conduct
war from the cozy corner of a fireplace
to picture General Jacob Smith as another
Alva or Tilly — a black-hearted monster.
crossing. They dispersed quickly, going tow
ard the east. I cot word to a battalion that
¦»ras In position to Intercept them, and a few
of them were killed, but they scattered like
birds, and we saw or heard nothing more of
them.
olons axe In my possession. Z hold them
as a trust on behalf of thoaa who cannot
be quoted while they hold a Government
commission. One writes to me: "General
Smith is a strong character! knows what
he wants to do and- does It, and requires
hla subordinates to pay strict attention
to their duty. He holds their respect and
generally their affection. Ha surrounds
himself with efficient men of good
Judgment." -ov > ;4%;'.;v
Of his tenacity I have received thla, by
way of Illustration: "In August of 1899,
when colonel of the gallant Seventeenth,
he occupied and held the town of Angeles
against a superior force. General Otis (so
it was assumed) became nervous and tele
graphed General MacArthur several time*
for Smlth-'s opinion as to whether or not
he could hold Angeles. To the first dis
patch Smith replied that he thought he
could; to the second, he. was sure he
could; to tho third, 'I am prepared to hold
the town till hell freezes over, and then
1*11 stay on tha Ice!' **
Other warriors have commanded pic
turesque language; General Jacob Smith
Is credited with a disposition to live up
to his sentences. He Is described to me
as "very ¦ small and slight, but wiry,
though not strong in appearance; nerv
ous, energetic restless, a stickler for or
ders; fond of picturesque expressions.*'
From this terse picture we Imagine soma
thing of a cross between Lord Roberts
and the old Field Marshal Blacher, both
Angrast. IS. 8:80 p. n.. 18*4.
Major General Sheridan, Winchester. Vs.: .
If you can possibly spare a division of cav
alry und It through London County to 4*
¦troy and carry off the crop*, animals, negroes
and all men nnder 00 years of a-f » eapabla at
bearing anna.
All mal» citizens under M oan fairly b* aeMU
prisoners of war; not as citizen prisoners. •'
Xa this way you will get many of M©»by*s
mm
If not already soldiers, they will tx» mmA»
so th» moment t ho rebel army g»ts hold of
them. ,,
(Sljrned) IX. 5. GRANT. Iittrtenant Oeneral.
From Grant to Sheridan. August 28, 13(4:
City Point. Va.
• • ' • Do all tha damage* to the railroads
and crops you can. Carry off stock of all de
scription and negroes, so as to prevent fur
ther planting:
If the war is to last another year we want
the Shenandoah Valley to remain, a. barren
wuti.
(Signed) XT. S. GRANT. Lieutenant General.
To this Sheridan said (p. 43, vol. I): "I
Indorsed the programme in all its parts."
Stripped of its phraseological mockery,
these letters, in effect, tell the soldiers to
go ahead and "raise hell" on all sides. In
such campaign there la little time to pull
out tha ten commandments; ™^n gets
down to the level 'of a savage very rap-
Idly.
us that we aro dealing here with a JhfCfl
type of the American soldier, honorable •
and efficient In his relations to his breth
ren in arms, terrible as a fighting: force,
humane and progressive In his dealings
with the natives within his Jurisdiction.
Yet it Is of this gentleman that a repre
sentative In Congress speaks when he
thus plays hide and seek with history:
"I have read of Timour the Tartar. I
have read of Achilles. I have read of the
Saracen scourge. But I thank God that
since the tragic scene on Calvary It has
taken eighteen centuries to produce a
Smith!"
It is possible that the pressure of public
opinion may cause^he war authorities at
"Washington to censure General Smith In
order to make the people believe that the
administration is opposed to the methods
which he has employed. We often need a
scapegoat, and politicians like the present
adjutant general sadly need to draw oft
popular attention from their affairs ta
those of their rivals.
For Instance, about the middle of April,
1902, Mr. Root, the Secretary of War.
placed in the hands of the Senate Com
mittee on the Philippines several reports
from our officers In the field.
Gen. Bell's Retaliation Proclamation.
Here are a few words quoted from a re
port by General J. F. Bell, commanding
the Department of Batangas, a believer
in concentration on the Weyler and
Kitchener plans:
"The brigade commander therefore an
nounces for the information of all con
cerned that wherever prisoners or un
armed or defenseless Americans or natives
friendly to the United States Government
are murdered or assassinated for political
and this fact can be established.
It is his purpose to execute a prisoner of
war under the authority contained In sec
tions 59 and 148. This prisoner of war will
be selected by lot from among the officers
or prominent citizens held as prisoners of
war, and will be chosen, when practicable,
from those who belong to the town where
the murder . or assassination has oc
curred."
We read to-day the private lives of
Grant, Sherman, Sheridan— we admire
them for the domestio virtues they culti
vated, for the human sympathies they
awakened on all sides.
But their Joint opinion of pacifying the
Southern States was well epitomized In
the words, "War Is hell!"
War may or may not be that— we shall
I know all about It some of these days— but
of war It is safe to say that all human
testimony unites In condemning It as th»
nearest approach to what our Imagination
delights to picture as the opposite of
Christian endeavor.
Sheridan was a witness to many battles
In the Franco-German war, and spoke In
sorrow of German retaliation at Bazeilles.
What will a German say Who reads the
account of bis operations In the Valley of
Virginia In 1364? In the fall of that year,
hearing that one of his lieutenants had
been murdered— let ma quota his own
words, "I ordered an the house* within an
- area of five miles to be burned."
Sheridan does not inquire whether the
alleged murderer lived within this terri
tory, or whether It was fair that hundreds
of innocent women and children should ba
turned oat of doors In the face of an ap- /
proachlng winter. It was war. and the
more hellish war could be mad© tha bet
ter.
General Smith, who to-day excites tha
simulated indignation of politicians, can
console himself by reading In the memoirs
of General Sheridan the following letters
from General Grant, written within tea
r days one of tha other:
City Point. ?¦».
I heard three volleys from .the cavalry, who
were to the right, and south of the railroad
In a few minates after reaching here we dis
covered about two or three hundred insurgents
coming up the railroad tracks from the south,
waving a flag of truce. I made my disposition
to receive them warmly.
When we see this In cold type, dated in
the twentieth century, in the name of a
war for the spread of civilization, we
hardly know which most to admire— the
honesty of the confession or the spirit of
our national policy.
Flag of Truce in Philippine Fighting.
On November 11, 1899, this same General
Smith, then a colonel, made a report from
Capas, in which he remarks:
The energetic hard work of those who have
proper ideas of their duty to God and our coun
try Is rapidly putting the. fear of the Lord Into
the blood pumps of the misguided creatures,
who through fear and fanaticism are opposing
the best government in the world.
enemies, and those who live near our sarri
cens do so only to give assistance to the armed
ones In the mountains. And It seems almost
Impossible to impress this fact upon our of
ficers and soldiers who have the love for the
"little brown brothers" engrafted In their na
tures.
None of the natives haa any love for the
Americans, but rather secret hate In their souls
for anything pertaining to the United States,
save food. They obey the wishes, orders and
requirements of Lukban through fear, a feel
ing which we must Instill Into them by making
"war heU.V The word ¦-"amlso"'- Is used by
them only to decive officers and soldiers — the
white flag is an emblem of treachery. It is a
fair rule to go by that the first five stories of
the Saxnarite are lies, and the truth only to be
obtained when it is to his interest to gain the
confidence' of a soldier or officer in order to be
tray his confidence at the first opportunity.
Poultney Bigelow" tells just
¦why it must bs so, and believes
that General Smith is a "fine
type of the American soldier,
honorable and efficient in his
relations to his/ brethren in
arms, terrible as a fightine
force, and humane and pro
gressive in his dealings "with
the natives within his juris
diction."
It did pot take long before it was quite fiat
eat to any observer that only tfa* ••flre-and
•word" policy coald succeed In bringing- these
people to understand that they must coma un
der the complete and absolute control of the
VnlUA States. Th« Inhabitants are all oar
I found the troops scattered over an Immense
territory, and with only the coaat towns gar
risoned and by barely sufficient number of sol
diers to protect themselves from raid* of the
mountain hordes. Little or nothing had been
done owlzur to a feel Ins of security and con
fidence which had been engendered by officers
who love tiie "little brown brother," and im
agined that the natives were angels and only
needed wings to make them perfect.
Just now our press is in a violent state
of indignation against General Jacob H.
Smith, who. in the Manila Critic of Feb
ruary i, 1302, published the following over
his name. This account refers to his
campaign in Samar:
A German officer who had served with
distinction in 1570-71 told me seriously that
It was well that the war closed when It
did (for Germany); that the moral de
terioration of his men was apparent; that
they were growing ominously familiar
with the practice of bullying peasants
helping themselves to what they liked;
that the bonds of discipline became per
ceptibly lax as the weeks of war
dragged on.
In Ernest Crosby's recent satire, "Cap
tain Jinks," is a delicious psychological
Etufiy of a gentle, honest, courageous
farmer lad, v.-ho ends by treating the
slaughter of men, women and children as
a necessary. If not praiseworthy) feature
of progressive Christianity. There is some
cf this change working in every soldier.
He enters the ranks with a shudder at
the eight of blood; in a few weeks he
finds his appetite unimpaired by a pile of
corpses at his elbow, and he ends by re
garding his enemy with the complacency
cf a Chicago pigsticker.
Let us believe that the visit of Ger
many's sailor Prince to the United States
has caused this mellowness of feeling— let
us pray that the understanding so pleas
antly established reflects a growing sentl
jr«nt of good will throughout both em
pires—but let us be honest, and therefore
let us not allow ourselves to appear more
humane than we really are.
How is it that, while Germany turns so
a light upon the veldt, she draws
"a Eoftening film across the glass that
points to our operations for the civiliza
tion of the Eastern archipelago?
We Americans are strong on sending
missionaries to the alleged heathen, an!
when we made war against Spain we
based our action on the ground of human
ity. General Weyler was depicted as a
eavagc, who starved and insulted women
in camps of concentration. Kitchener is,
by German account, charged with doing
the sajne in South Africa. We now prao
tice in the Philippines the same concen
tration tactics.
So far as my experience and observation
go no war within my memory has been
conducted with more regard for humanity
than this one of England for the unity
of South Africa. I may be wrong; I
Epeak only with reference to 'the testi
mony so far presented.
I have not yet seen or heard of a Boer
prisoner in English hands so ill cared for
as *the average soldier of the United
Slates at Tampa or Manila during the
war v.ith Spain. I know personally many
men and ollictrs righting on both sides in
South Africa; • I cannot discover from
either side a confirmation of what Is im
piied in the German appeal here re
ferred to.
South African Warfare Is Humane.
This appeal avows the purpose of sav
ing Boer women from a horrible fate
awaiting them at the hands of their Brit
it h conquerors. It depicts the Briton as
a brute, who makes war not merely upon
men, but upon the honor of the women
fstlfng into his hands. An appeal is also
directed to English women adjuring them
to ttop this barbarous war. The appeal
uitere refuge to Beer women in Germany.
For Instance, I have just received from
Berlin an appeal signed by a congress of
ladles representing some of the most emi
nent names In Germany. These ladies en
title themselves the "Frauenhilfsbund fur
die Burenfrauen und Kinder," or. In our
language, the "League for the Rescue of
Boer Women and Children." This appeal
is echoed by no less a paper than the
Nation of Berlin, whose editor. Dr. Barth,
has, by his life work, shown that he is a
fearles* critic of his own Government. In
thi!#matter we may be sure that he voices
not enly his own convictions, but those
of a very respectable proportion of the
educated German community.
German Women. Appeal for Boers.
ster— when, a work of American biography
could be searched In vain for a reference
to Germany. And equally true It Is that
German literature of the corresponding
period was then as little Influenced by the
•whole of North America as It is to-day
by that of a Korean province. Let us as
sume that Germans, like ourselves, seek
tna truth, and that their judgment of our
selves has been twisted by statements
which will not bear historical analysis.
Time was— In the days of Daniel 'Web-
It Is Idle for us to protest that what
we do Is none of their business; the world
is too small now for that plea to have any
validity. And, besides, it Is the plea, of a
coward. Let us tell the truth, justify our
acts when possible, disavow them if nec
essary; but. In any case, be grateful for
the manifestation of human interest
which, criticism of any kind implies.
uncommon rapidity, and that we can do
.nothing that is not Immediately seized
upon as legitimate food for comment by
our friends abroad.
a storm in the Mississippi Valley, a
coronation in Lcndon. the arrest of a stu
dent in Warsaw— we cease to ask where
the ovent took place: it is enough that
something happened that affects us as
human creatures. At once the missionary
spirit in us rises and we discuss the affair
with our neighbors with vigor.
We certainly have strong leaning toward
minding other people's business. But just
now I have no mind to moralize, merely
to note that we are making history with
IT is a cheery sign in our day that a
pin cannot prick in one continent but
Mood will b,e eeen in another— the
fate of a prisoner In South Africa,
Author cf '•(-fclMren of the Nations," "While
MaaV Africa." 'History of the German
struggle for Liberty," ,etc.
EY POULTNEY BIGELOW.
. "Few orders were received, and in some
places the natives were our little brown
brothers. At the same time they were
furnishing aid to active insurgents In
various places. -
"In, other places the natives were not
so gently treated. General Smith at" onco
gave instructions that such a. campaign
as would make the natives anxious for
peace be begun by all independent com
manders. Combined efforts were made
in the north part of the island to capture
iTukban, the insurgent leader. ;
"A severe war was carried ' on, which''
brought peace within four months, Luk
ban having been captured in February.
'-During the campaign natives iwould
always attack from ambush or run upon
the approach of troops.
"As no unifonns were worn, ( the troops
had nothing to do but shoot to kill so long
as^ an enemy was in sight. .
"If General Smith ever gave orders to
kill It was to kill under such circum-^
stances as here indicated, and under such
circumstances most officers did not wait'
for such orders.
"General Smith did not intend that pris
oners should be killed. He waged a war
which, while severe, was for the good of J
the natives. They were suffering from '
lack of food and shelter,'*, aad peace, w.. Y
a blessing'to all who were fit to live."
The above was written to me by an I
officer just home from Samar, who knows
what he Is talking about — one of that
large body of \ silent regulars who axe
paid mighty small wages for a service
whose principal feature is having their
bodies perforated and their characters
battered.
The letters on which T base my condu-
''Until 'the arrival of General Smith' in
Samar, In October of 1901 the war haa
been carried on in this Island practl^all>
according to the nature and desire of each
post commander.
He went to the Philippines* In 1899 and
has since been in active service. From
a trustworthy brother officer I quote:
tiago campaign, was severely wounded on
San .'"Juan Ridge, but In spite of : his
wound, persisted in remaining on duty
with his regiment in the trenches for sev
eral days, until he was peremptorily or
dered to the rear by the com
mander."
5
THE SUNDAY CALL. . ,
"WAR IS HELL" SAID GENERAL W.T. SHERMANWHO knew Bret Harte?"
"1."
And what did you know about
him?"
Xo answer.
They are ready enough with their "I'fa,"
these old residents who watched the name
of Frank Bret Harte, only thrice capital
ized, prow to FliANCIS BRET HARTE,
<apita.!:zc<J froin end to end. within the
pages of San Francisco's directory: They
are ready enough, those who have watch
ed that r.arae arise to stiil bigger letters
in America's literary muster. They are
all ready enough, with the exception 'of
now and then one who ruflies and asks in-
Ciguar.tly, "Uo you suppose 1 date back
to Bret Uarte'a time?"
Hut when you ask these ready "I's" to
prove their claim to acquaintance, alas
fcr their meiucyies.
The truth of the matter is, nobody ever
kr.i-w LJret Harte.
Afck tne people of London's literary col
ony. Harte spent his late years in Eng
land, where he lived as a m^n of literary
distinction. Surely he must have been
known in London. He must have had
lime to be known there, living in the
iuxury of laurels won.
"JCo." they answer, the London folk.
"Why didn't you ask us about somebody
else? We know other literary peopk
thtr^, v.'e know the American set, bu
Biet Harte— oh, he was different."
Ask the people of the' mines. They wen:
the material upon which Harte built h'j
fame and fortune. Surely there vust hi
miners of the one-time who knew him.
Hi must be remembered somewhere 'U
i he rtgion of Poker Flat or Roaring Cam;i
cr Red Dog or Port Wine.
Ask.
"Xo," they answer, the miners of tin
one-time. "\Ve never k^ew Bret Harte.
Don't believe he ever came here."
And yet these are the men of whom
he wrote.
Ask the white-haired populace of San
Francisco. They are all ready enough to
remember him, but pin them down to
facts and they will tell, you that. "Harte
always kept a goodVdeal to himself."
Harte did. He never liked people. He
was never the good fellow. The men who
worked beside him in the same office, who
lived beside him on the same street, never
knew him.
Bret Harte put up a wall around himself
and drew himself within it and stayed
there to his dying day.
Was he happy?
adopted London ways. and went the Eng
lish one better from the turn of his trou
sers to the cut of his hair. He was' too
poor here to dress smartly, but . when
he managed to raise enough to, invest in
anything new and swell he would put
It on with careful elegance, and start
down the Montgomery street parade In
It. A huge overcoat with a great as
trakhan collar that lay high against the
neck and turned over with a great show-
Ing of fur was one of his sources of pride.
Montgomery street, the then fashionable
line of march, the Kearny street of yes
terday, saw him wear this. ~He seemed
to delight In being observed, • but he
scarcely ever stopped for a friendly word
¦
Nc-boa: mi«i>r-we can only guess, lew
lonely men are happy. .' , ..
Perhaps he wanted to break down the
v.alL But he never will be given credit
for wasting too. Instead, he will go down
In history recorded by the generous as a
cold man, recorded by the less kindly a
snob. •
If he was a snob he was an intellectual
one. Money and what It buya were never
a source of vanity with him. In fact, h*
never was known to have any of either.
Bret Harte's life in San Francisco was a
hard luck story.
Not that he didn't make money. He did.
There was a time when he was drawing
three comfortable salaries at once: On*
hundred and fifty dollars from the Mint,
an average of twice as much from the
Overland Monthly and a good round sum
from old Trinity Church on the Plaza, In
which his wife, formerly Miss Grlswold,
sang.
And Harte has been known to borrow
iconey for a new hat. •""/¦'"•.*,
He made the most of the hat. He was
always fond of dress.. This never showed
particularly until he went to England.
lines save professional ones— a wall
flower. .. .
. He 'never liked sports; he never liked
roughing it. He did not hunt, nor fish,
nor ride. When . he went, to the country
he stayed indoors and read and wrote.
He. and Anton Roman built a cabin In
the Santa Cruz -Mountains one summer —
somewhere near the spot -that is now
Wrights. It was a rough and picturesque
place, lonely and romantic. The Harte
and the Roman families used to join
forces and go to this mountain spot every
week,' to get away from the world for a
Saturday to Monday. The place would
tempt a man to be out of doors if any
thing would; but Harte spent most of
his' time j inside ' the rude walls poring
over, books and manuscripts.^ On Monday
morning -he could be seen returning to
town, his arms full of copy ready for pub
lication. •
¦ Afterward he moved to San Rafael, for
the sake, so he said, of living nearer na
ture; and he still carried his copy back
and forth and wrote like a clerk while
hs was over there. He carried his proofs
and manuscripts in a mail bag, and ev
erybody .knew- him by that bag.
There was one short period when he
was' able to live In fairly smart style—
for then^ That was when Swain made him
his secretary at th« .Mint. The Mint was
on Commercial street, where the Treas-
by and none of the promised letters from
him arrived. Harte forgot Californiaris. !
Those 'rare .ones who did know him In
armors or less informal way never found
him a great talker. . He was a listener.
He liked to; hear, miners talk, and those
who knew -the mines, for from such peo
ple he drew, the' sources of his stories.
He knew, little enough of the mines at"
first hand.' ;;/... • '
, He was- not gifted as a conversational
ist. 'He never: attempted to be witty. Joe
Spear remembers him as he, along, with
"Old .Zander," used to come Into Spear's
store, on California '.'street and sit there,
afternoon in and afternoon out, joining
little in ithe. talk that went on about him.
He sat back and watched people and lis
tened to them, studying character in his
own quiet way. ,-.-•¦ ','-.' .
He never joined men in their ordinary
amusements. In the old . Occidental,
¦which was frequented in those days as
the clubs are now, he used 'to. stand back
from the table and watch from a distance
while others played billiards. He never
seemed particularly interested in the
game. Mark Twain, ready to mix in any
thing there was going,' played a great
deal and well, and Harte would accom
pany him to the billiard-room, then— he
would make a wall-flower of himself.
That -was what Bret, Harte was in . all
he got Westphalia ham at, home after KV
married, but he must have missel It If
he did not. However, he never left home
for the sake of It. George Merrill, on*
of the few men In town who has a tnxly
friendly word for the lonely genius, says
that he was a domestic man, > keeping
closely at home, where he read and wrot*
persistently.
Harte was by no means a religious man
in the usual sense of the word. ; Ha was a
thinker and a philosopher, but h« had
no use for churches. What his real creed
was nobody seems to know.' Ha wu far
from orthodox, at any rate., 1
Even his old friend of California. Hark
Twain, was estranged from him. Mark
and he had shared a pipeful of tobacco
when they could not raise the price of
two; they had dined together over on*
loaf of bread when the price of It was
all they could afford; and after that the*
learned to forget each other. The differ
ence'.was finally adjusted when Fred
Stocking, a mutual friend, went East.' met
Twain and brought the two together. But
taken throughout his life. Harte had little
ability for making friends, and still leas
for keeping them.
He was alone even to the last. In his
English country home he lived In seclu
sion.
The best known of all California's 11*.
terateurs was" her least known
sew in fluttering pages for him when he
would be away. She never did this with
out bringing down a storm upon .her own,
devoted head, for it was a law which ho
tried to enforce that no one should ever
enter his sky parlor but himself, not even
for the purpose of cleaning. He never
thought of such a thing as sweeping
there himself, so in sheer desperation' at
the drifts of dust that would emerge from
his door when the wind blew, she occa
sionally took a broom and entered. ¦¦ She
always found so many things in need- of
her good' care that when he returned he
was bound to detect her. ... ' : ',
Later on the two of them moved to an
other house in. Oakland, what^Charles
Warren ' Stoddard— Charlie, as he' always
was to Bret Harte— called a bungalow. It
.was , built ¦¦¦¦ by Stoddard's father. . Harte
took an interest in the place ' and tried
to improve It. building '" a fence around
It with his- own' hands. l~- . . ..-
His later dwelling places In San Fran
cisco, were scattered from one end of the
city to the other— those ends being nearer
together than they are . now. » He lived
on Folsom 1 street and on Silver street,
both in the southern . part of , town. . At
another; time he .lived, over toward the
North Beach, on Greenwich street. 'After:
he was married he occupied a house long,
since torn' down at the corner of Bush and
Hyde: streets!!' / ' ' i ,
Hyde street was pretty remote in those
days, being decidedly western— about what;
the Western Addition is" to us : now.. It
was so far outas -to-be of the distant res
idence district. The funerals-going to the
western "cemetery used to pass, that way
as a regular thing, and Harte; s children
took to playing funeral. .This amused him'
Immensely, and :at times* he played- with^
them.' ' ¦ '¦'. ¦ ¦"; '
"I'll be, the hearse," he used to say, ancl
down he would go on his hands and knees
and march at the head of the impromptu
funeral procession, with a feather dus
ter fastened upright on his back to rep
resent the plume of a 'hearse.
But only a..very few Intimates ever knew
that Bret" Harte unbent, even ; In the
bosom of his' own family. His real friends
might' have been counted upon his two
hands, and almost if not quite ten sub
tracted from that number after he left
here, i For those few, who had believed
in his friendship when he went East had
to grow skeptical of it when time went
with any of those whose admiration he
coveted. He managed to get a ' peep at
their eyes out of- the corners of his,
enough to let him see if they were look
ing.
But there was a large part of the time
when he was lucky if he could keep from
being actually shabby. He never was
sloppy, like his friend, Mark Twain,- be
cause he hated untidiness, but he was
often threadbare. He lived with nothing
lesp than frugality, and the wonder of
the thing is what he did with his money.
His homes — the- man ; moved', at ; 'least
jnce a year— were always simple In the
extreme. He . didn't spend his money in
their adornment.'" . ' .,/ ....'--,•' ; •
His wife and children lived; and dressed
limply. His money didn't go in that
way. ¦" . i; '. . - ¦¦¦"_. : ; .
He had no dissipations, so say both his
friends and enemies. He. did not drink,
he did not gamble, he did not care for
women. His money did not go in those
ways. ', ¦ . • ¦¦¦¦. .'; . .
' Most certain of all, he never caved. That
was the thing most, remote from his mind.
If he made out to live from day to day
he was doing very well— for Bret Harte.
And yet he always lived in a scrap of
a house, had no more furniture than was
absolutely necessary, and was in need
of borrowing from one week's end to the
other..; . .
When he first came to California in 1854
he brought his mother, and they went to
living In ; a mite of a house In Oakland.
It was near the water front, almost fac
ing the Alameda marshes. His room was
a little box at the top of the stairs,
lighted ;only by, a sky window. It was
hardly big enough for a bird cage.
He used to get into that bird cage and
bury his nose in a book for hours at a
time. He could, not then afford to buy
books outright; he used to get them on
the installment plan from a bookseller
who took an interest in him. He bought
several volumes of Dickens In this way,
paying 10 cents a week. The (bookseller
grew so -Interested In him and his love
for literature that at last he advanced
him the remainder of the set/some half
dozen volumes and let Harte pay for
them at his leisure. !' .
Harte had something of a knack for
carpentry, and he built himself a shelf In
his sky parlor and thereon ranged his
library. He used the volumes until the
leaves were loose. His mother used to
ury is to-day, and he was given apart
ments across the street from hi3 place of
business.
It happened In this way: Swain dis
covered him. took an interest in him and
said:
"You ought to have some kind of a
snap (that is if they called : it snap then)
which would provide for you- while you
write according to your inspiration."
So he got him the place in the Mint at
a salary of $130 per month and fitted up
the apartments ntar by so that none of
his precious time should be lost in going
and coming. It was popularly said that
he got $150 a month for signing his name
once a day. At any rate, the place was
easy. He wrote poems at his dtsk in the
Mint, and he wrote poems in his com
fortable apartments across the street and
he wrote poems all the time.
His rooms were well furnished, but he
soon made them look as disreputable as
the true genius is supposed to do. He Ut
tered them with scraps of written and
rewritten literature. There were days
when he did nothing but write and de
stroy, when his paper could not get prom
ised copy • from him, but still Swain had
faith In him and furnished him with the
needed wherewithal.
¦ One day Harte received a visit from
some swell English acquaintances. Ha
went to Swain and asked for money to
entertain them with. Already he had- a
touch of the Anglo-mania that developed
so -greatly later in life.
"I've 'spent all my salary," Harte said.
"Can't you advance me enough with which
to entertain these people?"
"How much do you need?" Swain asked.
"Five hundred will do."
"Five hundred is yours."
Harte took the amount and sallied forth
to attempt sociability. He was nothing
of a good fellow, but he was determined
to make a bluff at being one for the once.
The next day Swain met him making tho
rounds with his ¦ smart Englishmen.
Harte. cut Swain" dead.
It was such things as this that caused
him to' be remembered as "not one of th*
boys."
"He was always so terribly sober," on*
of the old-timers said, "in those days
you had to go into a saloon now and then
to be popular."
Harte was not a teetotaler, though. It
he was asked to have a drink he would
not refused He simply was not the kind
to treat or be treated as a common thing.
Occasionally he was to be seen usually
drinking alone at Barry & Patton's, the
popular resort on - Montgomery street,
where drinks were twenty-five cents and
mixed; to the liking of a prince. But no
body ever knew of Breti Harte' s drinking
enough to. be happy. • *&& was always
silent with strangers and scarcely mora
with acquaintances.
His favorite restaurant was SsVVtnan's,
the old place on California streetiSept by
August Saulman and Fred Lauenstein.
Many of the good fellows of old San
Francisco used to gather there at meal
times. Tte place "was famous for Its
caviar and Westphalia ham and Harte
was violently addicted to Westphalia. For
the sake of this he used to go there for
his meals, and like-wise for the sake of its
mild prices.
He would go there for breakfast and
come away. only 25 ¦"¦cents the poorer. Old
Snulman. rosy and..,German, stood at thf>
counter in front. I Harta had a regular
system ; he wonldt.go to the counter, say
"good . xnorain'^Vj inVn grudging wey to
Saulrran- take two 1>1g Ge-man roil-5 from
the basket on the* /counter, help himself
to a big piece-, of Westphalia, then
take a seat at-thq most remote table in
the room. The 'waiter would add a cup
of coffee to this and Harte would eat
alone and silent, while others in groups
chatted and made merry near him.
That breakfast of German rolls, West
phalia ham and coffee was a steady habit
for a long time: Nobody can tell whether
¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦• ¦ ¦¦¦¦-..¦¦'-'.. ¦ ¦
,THE SUNDAY CALL.
Was Hrk^asV
BRET HARTE'S EARLY DAYS
IN SAN FRANCISCO
6THE SFSIDAiYv C&LI;;
7THE Sunday CAJLlI
8no_textshoulders or that the stage has awaited
her coming with frenzied Impatience she
will probably encounter no difficulty."
At that time Miss Fealy was the bright
particular star of her own mother's dra
matic school of acting In Denver, Colo.,
and was more than passing clever; and
winsome in such roles as Juliet Parthe
nia, NIobe, Galatea, Virginia and the
whole range of Shakesperean heroines.
When Daly first beheld her she was fresh
from her first triumph as Juliet to
Blanche Walsh's Romeo, an assumption
of a masculine part that won fame for
Miss Walsh and, incidentally, a new re
nown for both in the metropolis of the
Rocky Mountains. " ' ' • . "
This was all' the more noteworthy be^
cause' for years the dramatic critics had
been lamenting the non-appearance of an
ideal Juliet. They had always declared
that the adipose, middle-aged lady who
1 generally plays the; part in the greatest
love drama "ever written is not the fair
young child of innocence that Shakespeare
drew. And so it was that Daly found In
the pretty little Denver maid a positive
novelty, whose youth alone was her great
est and strongest advertisement, 1 though
there was an elusive charm in her fresh.
Innocent face, the lack of the
look In her eyes "and . the convincing ex
pression she gave^ to the most , dramatic
scenes in her repertoire of plays.
But It was ' here that the long list of
laudatory press notices for her youthful
talent suddenly ceased, for Augustin Daly
fell Into the last sleep that knows no
awakening, and then It was that the
pretty little child prodigy found; herself
stranded in New ¦ York. ¦ The . great • and
glorious ,- international :l career she had
looked forward to was seemingly coma to
an Ignominious end." ~ "' .*. *
But it was at this point that Richard
"How did you know that?" asked Mis3
Fealy in a startled tone.
"There Is a certain something in your
manner," the Interviewer began.
"What is it? An evidence of indolence?
No, call It by its right name— laziness. la
that it?"
The interviewer protested
"You needn't deny it," protested Miss
Fealy, trembling under the excitement of
the ordeal as the criminal might quake
at an awful sentence. "It's true. Most
Southern girls are indolent, or lazy. But
you mustn't forget the Southern climate."
"Then you are a Southern girl?"
VYes. I was born in Memphis, Tenn.,
though since my mother married a sec
ond time and went to live in Denver I've
always claimed to be a Western girl. You
know the California girls are famed as
the best actresses. jj So It's too bad that
mamma did not go to San Francisco In
stead of Denver. Then I should have been
ever so much greater. What! Is that all
the Interview? Really, I had expected
something quite dreadful."
It was Just about this time that . the
startling though gratifying news "was
sent broadcast that William Gillette had
engaged pretty . little Maude Fealy for
his new leading lady In "Sherlock
Holmes."- She had reached her goal In
one sudden *bound, though, as sha said,
"it seemed bo funny to hear myself so
constantly spoken of u th* youngest
leading lady en the stage.
"Mr. Gillette hadn't seen xn« wtien Mr.
Stohman decided to engage me, and when
he «aid I looked too young I hurried
much of a chance; but it was a notable
circumstance that in both the New York
and the London run of the play pretty
little Maude Fealy divided full honors
with the author in every scene.
The Englishmen liked her because sha™
looked so very girlish in her simple little
frock of white crepe de chine, high necked
and pouched, the skirt tucked and the
bodice relieved by a lace yoke. She wore
her hair parted and rolled Into a bun at
the back — such a head being quite re
freshing against modern overdressed coif
fures.
Added to all this Miss Fealy has al
ways been wise in selecting a good and
obedient photographer, one who never
makes her look as young as she really Is.
"I didn't know that great secret," she
says, "until I was 17 years old and left
tho stage to go to school, only appearing
in stock companies during my summer va
cations. Then jit was that I found some
difficulty In getting engagements. Man
agers said I was capable, but too young;
and oh, how I longed to- be five and twen.
ty! And that was less than three years
ago. I can scarcely realize that It is
not all a dream even yet"
And this. In a sketchy sort of way, is
the new star who went from the West to
rise In the East, and who now comes to
San Francisco for the first time to prove
to us that she Is a brilliant of the first
order. She has certainly had a meteor toy
career during the past three yearaj
which cannot be altogether due to youth,
beauty and skillful advertising, which
makes her engagement doubly rich la
premise.
Mansfield was attracted to her. He had
heard how she j had first appeared a wee
little tot as the angel in the ascension
scene in "Faust," when she had asked of
her jiother' when ., the red light was
thrown upon her, "Do I look pretty, mam
ma?',' and laughed over; the story. But he
sent for her, was charmed by her youth
and Impulsiveness, gave her the part of
Roxane to rehearse and lost her only be-"
cause a better ¦ opportunity was offered
her, by the Ueblers to create the role of
Eunice in "Quo Vadls.''
She' was now, just turned 17 years old
and this was - her first . chance to make a
real metropolitan furor, such as she had
always^ dreamed of. She wasted no pain3
over.lt ' She gave to the part a wondrous
beauty hitherto \ undreamed of, but when
she was interviewed after her first suc
cess her childish ingenuousness most apt
ly, contrasted with her • sudden rise - to
fame. '
/•/The critics, praise my performance en
tirely, too much," she said, with' the air
of gravity of one three times, her age.
Then she laughed and added t "But I
like It" .
"You see," she went on again seriously,
"that, although I'm only 17 and ; this is
my first Interview, I : have 'become most
horribly practical and human. I love my
art and am ambitious to succeed. I sup
pose I ought to say. that Most actresses
do; don't : they ? But ¦ I know that I have
much to learn and that beautiful I parts
like Juliet require , a great deal of stud jr."
'.•You are a Southern : girl, 1 are you hot r *
asked ' the Interviewer Irrelevantly.
"I have never believed In tendering un
limited assurance of future greatness to
young people who possess talent. Too
often it ruins what otherwise might have
proved a successful career. But in the
case of little Miss Fealy one's arguments
in this strain are somewhat disarmed by
her own excellent lack of self-conscious
ness. She has everything in her favor at
present— youth, beauty, talent, opportu
nity—and if she only sails to the wind
ward of the idea that the future of dra
matic art rest upon her own diminutive
All of which is very flattering, but it
played absolutely no part whatever in
Augustin Daly's judgment of her talents
when he said, after engaging her for five
years:
"The lines promise excellent health, and
the life line indicates many years' of suc
cess. The right hand shows the develop
ment of self-confidence over a naturally
sensitive, retiring nature. The upward
lines from the life line are strongest at
about the age of 25, and at that age also
the fate line shows a decided strengthen
ing. The line of brilliancy or fame is
well pronounced in the right hand, and
the full Mount of Apollo promises marked
success along artistic lines.
"Lines of travel are numerous, and the
hand promises an eventful life."
"Imagination is well-developed, as is
also the Mount of Venus, showing love of
beauty, harmony,, music and art.
"The thumb is particularly well balanced,
combining a quiet but strong determin
ation with tact, logic and reason. The
lingers have enough of tne conic type to
give inspiration and intuition, but not im
pulse. This hand will never rush into a
situation recklessly. It will carefully an
alyze a character before attempting to
portray it. The thumb shows decided ex
travagance and liberality. The band
does not promise the accumulation of
money, although there is the ability to
make it.
"When one . considers that this is the
hand of a mere child— a young lady but
sixteen years of age— It is surprising that
it should show such decision of character.
Like the hands of so many Western people
of prominence, this palm belongs to the
spatulate type. This gives the necessary
originality and independence of character,
enabling the owner to develop a distinct
individuality, which is particularly de
sirable in the pursuit of histrionic fame.
This rather extraordinary girl has been
acting since she was a little tot of three
years old, but her real success, strange as
it may seem, has been built on her su
perstitious faith in the prophetic belief
in the palmfstry analysis of her hand by
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall. He said:
Now, the same slender, gentle maid,
grown to nineteen years old, returns to
tlie West from the conquest of stageland
—from the success the world loves as the
Englishman loves a lord— from interna
tional fame In New York and London— a
eta;-. Such in brief is the career of Miss
Maude Fealy, the youngest Juliet and the
strangest stage favorite In histrionic his
tory. She opens an extended engagement
at the Grand Opera House as "Babbie"
in "The Little Minister" to be followed by
"The Two Orphans," "Romeo and Juliet,"
and possibly "Shylock" and several other
classic and standard plays, with E. J.
Morgan as heading man, just to show hen
versatility.
" —JT XEMPLIFYING that peculiar fact,
_/ out of the West less than
I f three years ago. a little girl—
* W a slender, gentle maid with a soft
voice and great, wondering, sadly
pensive eyes— went to the conquest ol
staceland.
It was a hazardous undertaking for such
a w« bit of a girl, and the anxious friends
and an admiring, hopeful mother In Den
ier followed her progress with fear and
trembling, but when Augustin Daly, the
Krohraans (Charles and Daniel), the Lieb
crs and Mansfield, and finally William
GUlctte took her up. the end was assured.
As was said before, that was less than
three years ago, and the gentle
fe-irl was but little more than sixteen years
uld.
Xt it were done, when 'tis done, then
"Twere well it were done quickly.
— Shakespeare.
downtown and grot my first long skirt.
"When next I saw Mr. Gillette my hair was
den© up* for the first time, and I wore
h!gh-heeled slippers, so that I looked a
good deal more of a woman. He laughed
and said I looked lota older, but- I know
I didn't.
"I will never forget that skirt. It.
didn't fit me— it didn't begin to. The
amount of trouble I had to try and make
it presentable would only be appreciated
by a woman. However, I firmly believe
that that skirt got me the position, and,
as I consider myself a very fortunate girl
in getting it, I naturally cherish my first
long skirt."
In her new role of leading lady sh«
learned the art of doing nothing and do
ing it so well that her part acquired a
new Importance never designed by the
author. .
"Sherlock Holmes" early introduces the
audience to the home of James Larabee.
a crook of the 'flash' order. Larabee and
bis wife are holding a young girl, AW«*
Faulkner (Maude. Fealy) a prisoner.
wants to be revenged on a nameless iurtsA
tocrat who has betrayed her sister, and
has some documents which are supposed
to incriminate this titled but nameless
\ personage.
Of course, after all manner of stirring
Incidents, In which Gillette, aa the de
tective, comes out victorious, he escapes
from the clutches of the villain with th*
fair Alice, with whom, during the action
of the play, he has fallen in love.
It Is a star piece, most assuredly, and
outside of the principal actor no one had
story of the
youngest
Star; on '
the stage-
1HB SUNDAY CALL.
10
MAUDE FEALY'S
RISE TO
FAMEmon look about it. While ruffles are all
the rage and while they are just as
dainty as they ever were— still there Is
no denying It that they have been used
almost since the time of Eve.
The sleeves are long and tight fitting,
and are, of course, made of the all-over
lace that forms the yoke. In; place of a
fancy collar or a piece of ribbon the laee
itself has loeen boned and pressea into,
duty. • .
Then only one thing remains to be fin
ished—the waist line; Just at present
ribbon and sashes are quite the proper
caper and really what . could ; be; prettier
or. more girlish?: Do not bone the ribbon
in : front. Just take about five ~ ards of
soft taffeta or a double-faced satin and
People generally think that all white
Is necessary for such an occasion. But
that idea is . fast being relegated to the
past. Black ribbon in the hair is much
prettier than white. For instance, these
days two bows are considered ¦ quite
necessaryi one at the top of the , coil
and cne at the nape of the neck. Now a
white bow looks awkward and a black
velvet one chic.'* If you are going to wear
one at all why not select the one that Is
the prettiest?
And it is exactly the same with slippers
and hosiery. White is bound to make the
feet .look larger, not' to mention the an
kles., Black has just the opposite effect,
making .them look very small and dain
ty.; If the: frock is long enough the feet
show very little; in fact every step pushes
the skirt just a wee bit in advance of
the foot, and the boot Is of little or. no
consequence, so far as color is concerned.
However, if you really want to stick to
the good old rule, select what is known
as the colonial tie and get it of undressed
kid. Those come with a very' high heel —
such a heel as Is generally used on the
stage and that gives a swell arch to the
instep: The' buckle, either of gold or of
silver, is a pretty addition, and a new
one that Is very popular, so you will make
no mistake in wearing them. Once In a
while you will see the white slippers with
a black buckle, or an oxidized one, but
draw It about the waist. Draw it tight,
Just as snug as you can comfortably
stand it, for that will make you look trim
and neat. Incidentally, if you have held
the ¦ribbon in f ront in a V-shape - it will
stay there witli little or no persuasion.
Draw it up on.thehips and up in back as
'high as possible:- That gives the dip that
everybody is trying to get these days.
Then tie the ribbon and do not make long
bows. Just as sure . as you do the entire
effect of the frock will be ruined. Tiny
stiff ends are what; is wanted. Naturally
the remainder of the ribbon falls here
and there just as it feels Inclined and it
is never stiff, you may : rest 'assured.
What if it does fall longer than the
skirt is on the sides? That does not make
any difference to you and It does make
a vast one to. the person, behind you. For
you and your gown ought to look just
about as swagger as they make them.
. It is strange how some slight thing will
alter a frock for the , better or the worse.
A clever notion has been adopted lately
with sheer frocks and it serves admir
ably. Corset covers are out of the ques
tion, when the yoke is cut very low and
when the sleeves are transparent as well.
The strap across the shoulders looms up
most decidedly.
Naturally the waist is lined, and that
lining is perfectly plain. But it need not
be' that' way.' J.Madame' Modish thinks that
JAPAN has some marriage customs
that are at variance with our
Western ideas on the question. In
the first place, love doesn't enter
into the contract at,alL
The primary purpose in a Japanese girl's
marriage is to get her placed where she
will be well connected and ¦ well cared
for. No mother In all Japan would for a
moment be so foolish as to think of giv
ing her daughter in marriage to* a young
man who had no home ready for her re
ception. He must have the necessary
means to care for his wife and he must be
able to show a creditable family tree-
Without these essentials he might love
the girl to desperation and she might re
gard him with equal ardor, but he would
never get her.
The Japanese maiden in any. event does
not choose her own husband. It would no
more occur to her to do such an auda
cious thing than to have chosen the name
given her at birth. An interested friend
of the family, known as a "go-between,"
attends to this matter.
When a girl reaches a marriayeabla ace
this "go-between" casts about for a hus
band for her. When he fldds a young
man who meets all of the requirements
of the family and fortune he arranges for
a meeting with the girl and her mother.
Another way ia to arrange for a meet
ing at the house of a friend. Of course,
the matchmaker will pretend that It Is
quite by accident, although all of tha
party understand perfectly that It Is by
design. , f ; „¦ r
The girl is very shy and hlde^her face
behind her fan as she bows low many
times. Then she retires, blushing and
nervous, behind her m&ther. The young
man at this meeting locks her over and
decides whether he will wed her. If he
agrees, the negotiations are carried to a
finish. He pays for the trousseau and the
bride's father provides the entire fur
nishings for the house which the newly
married pair will occupy.
body had the craze and adopted a fright
fully ugly length. Its only recommenda
tion was that it was truly comfortable.
But just because the French failed to see
anything artistic in it and it continued to
trail a foot or more behind them the craze
lost its sudden popularity.
And let me whisper something into your
ear right here. Look at a French woman,
or, for that matter, a woman who is ab
solutely chic. Look at her hard and see
wherein she differs from yourself. She
does, and if you are clever enough to dis
cover exactly what makes the change,
you may copy after her in the twinkling
of an eye and with practically no ex
pense.
Notice that her skirt fits tightly about
the hips. It does not bag about the knees
and it does not flare much about the feet.
And it Is not all In the cut by any means.
The secret is this— she. does not wear
starched petticoats nor silk ones for that
matter. If she is compelled to wear one
at all the softest silk that she can .pos
sibly find will be her selection. A surah
or a China— anything that one can hold
In the palm of the hand and still have
room to spare.
When she turns about her gown will
cling and the lines of her figure will
show to the best advantage. Her skirt
is long enough to cover her feet complete
ly, but when she raises it at a crossing
no color is visible. Such dressing Is an
art and it requires study.
But how does she do this? you ask. It
is simple enough. You have seen woolen
tights, but probably thought they were
meant only for an actress— that is, if you
thought at all. But such is not the case.
They are clinging and delightfully warm
and answer to^ all intents and purposes.
If the skirt is" lined with silk, or better
still, is made with a drop skirt, what is
the earthly use of carrying about any
more clothing, especially when one looks
a hundred per cent better for it?
And that reasoning comes in to. good
advantage with such a frock as a gradu
ation one would necessarily be. Let there
be ample fullness about the feet— the more
the better, but that can easily be supplied
from the knees down and still give that
clinging appearance that is absolutely all
the rage.
And the waist. Almost always they are
made»with a yoke, but some wise people
have two of them made for the one skirt
and then their ingenuity must work to
the very best advantage. A smart one,
however. Is made with a very low yoke
effect. There are clusters of tucks in the
lawn and then a row of the insertion and
that way all about the waist, front and
back. Instead of ruffles to take the bare
ness away, a piece of the insertion is
laid on, but not put on in a full fashion
in the slightest. The zigzags fit in pret
tily and, besides, there is not that com-
taffeta, or something that Is rather stiff,
something that is white, and at the same
time that will not look coarse, is dainty
when edged with Valenciennes lace. Ruf
fle after ruffle is put on, and just as
clo3ely together as possible in order to
make them stand out prettily. *The true
way to appreciate what a difference it
makes is to try one waist with and one
without the ruffles and see which you
really like the better. The great conso
lation is that it takes only about half an
hotir!to put them in and your waist lines
will be Just alike when it comes to fluff.
wnile tney are smart tney will not an
sv-er the purpose any better than" the
darker ones, as the main idea is to keep
strictly to all white.
White stockings, by the way, are com
ing in more attractive forms than they
used to. The plain hose or the drop
stitch were the only ones buyable, but
to-day you may choose from any number
of boxes, and finally go home with as
elaborate a pair as you may like or your
pocketbook will allow. On account of
the summer girl suddenly taking it into
her head to wear white the price has
gone way up, and it may hurt to pay a
fancy price for something that will not
be worn commonly— so you think; but
take them away with you on your vaca
tion, and you will not begrudge the money
put into them.
And another thing to consider: That 13
the present part of graduating. Father
has probably told you that if you "get
through this term" he will do something
nice for you. Now everybody knows that a
dinner Is forthcoming, so do not bother
your head about that part of it, but quiet
ly make out your list and hand It to your
mother. She will understand— ten to one
has been wondering how she could find
out whom you really would like to have,
. Books are awfully nice thing3 for girls
or chaps to give to their friends. They
are not expensive, but they are always
acceptable and well liked, as they will last
for years and be all the better for the
lasting generally. .
Hut jewelry is what pleases the heart
of the girl. Anything that sparkles or
glistens will win. her over quicker than a
complete library. Frequently the family
decides upon a diamond ring as a reward
for years of honest .toil and sometimes a
trip to Honolulu or perhaps to Japan ia
offered in lieu of the Jewel, but at any
rate graduating is well worth the time
and work expended, so, girls, make the
most of your opportunity, for another
one will not come until you are married,
and such thoughts should be far, from
your mind. Whether they are ox not Is
another question.
•^rRADUATION time is drawing near.
/ / That-iSme of all times when a girl
wY thinks" she is all-important and
quite-' grown up. Her skirt is long
. and in. many cases has a beautiful
train that trails about in a delightful
fashion after, her.
In other wbrds she is a young lady
fully out of the detested schoolroom. She
may come and go to all sorts of enter
tainments and not hear those words that
have been her nightmare for years: "No
girl who is not out of school should do
that." At last the much-dreamed-of time
is at hand. She is on the ragged verge
of "coming out." After that one night
when she dons her new Trock she may
not be shut up in a stuffy room and left
to pore over Latin when sister is spinning
in the park. No, life is just" com
mencing— so the graduating girl fancies.
"But, what to wear?" is the next ques
tion. Something not too much grown up
yet something that will speak for itself.
Certainly not a silk nor yet a cashmere.
Something that will be fresh and girlish,
but very, very dainty withal. Something
that will be appropriate for the occasion
and yet not too commonplace.
A soft silk mull is one of the nicest
things that can be suggested, but that
material requires the finest of trimmings
end yards of it. The very softness makes
it clinging and exquisite, but In some in
stances it Is by far too expensive, as all
the findings must be of the best buyable
quality. The entire effect of the gown is
ruined if a taffeta lining is not forthcom
ing, and it is also utterly spoiled If the
¦ilk Is not the exact shade. The mull is
seldom a pure white and it is not nearly
as pretty when it is. More frequently it
Is a delicate cream or has the faintest
tint of yellow. When such is the case
the silk must be a deep cream to carry
out the tone. So, you see, unless your
nibdiste is one of the very smartest she
nine times out of ten will make a bobble
of your materials and all that will be left
to say Is "It might have been."
If you want to be a little unlike others,
a very little, you may choose white ba
tiste, but while it makes a stunning frock
you are very apt to be just enough un
like others to have stepped over the
boundary and reached the ridiculous side
of it.
Lawn is the smartest thing possible.
plain white lawn, but it comes in
a fairy cobweb that it looks like a
veil and is extremely lovely. This exqui
site stuff is obtainable in certain high
class shops tjiat make specialties of ex
clusive fabrics, and it Is not so terribly
high-priced. Fhat is, as a rule it is double
width, and the amount needed Is conse
quently not bo great.
There are all manner of fashions of
making up such a frock. But the pret
tiest of all ways is just like the picture.
The skirt is tucked on the bias and there
is a seam directly down the front of it
About a foot from the hips a band of zig
zag insertion about four inches wide en
circles the skirt and is fastened to the
lawn eeain.
But not the plain material, however.
For this time the tucks are perfectly
straight and the fullness Is soft and fluf
fy These latest tucks run almost to the
knees and then gradually die away. While
that may sound terribly fancy, the skirt
is not finished by any means. In fact,
that is just an excel'ent beginning. An
"^jjWicr row of the same Insertion makes
*'fself known, and then the lawn comes
between it and anotht r piece, just to keep
them from fighting, as It were.
It is need lets to .«ay that the skirt is
very, very long. A short while ago every-
and styles
Fop Pafp
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
THE GRADUATING
GIRL
AND HER FROCKSennacherib Is envious of Judah's
wealth and power and is plotting against
Hezekiah, using as tools the reactionary
idol worshipers, still strong In Jerusa
lem. Naphtali is enamored of one of the
Assyrian conspirators, Miraone, a mar
velously beautiful woman, .who has been
proscribed in Jerusalem for playing the
. "The Gate of the Kiss," by John W.
Harding, is a Biblicai story dealing with
one of the most eventful passages in the
history of ' Judah— the war. between Heze
klah, the King, and Sennacherib, the ter
rible ruler of Babylon. The prophet Isaiah
Is one of the conspicuous figures. But th*
hero Is a younger man, a poet and soldier
of noble lineage, Naphtali, a favorite at
court and a friend of the King, altogether
a fine type of Jewish manhood.
The Grate of the Kiss.
Thomas Bailey Aldrlch will contribute
to the June Century "A Note oa
•IVAJglon," " calling attention to a curious
resemblance between the "Wagram battle
rield scene in Rostand's play and a pass
age in Victor Hugo's description of Wa
terloo in "Les Miserables." Mr. Aldrtch
also relates his own impressions on the
latter field. Illustrating the spell of tho
historic event there enacted.
"Motors and Motor Driving," in the
'Badminton Series of Sports and Pas
times," which Little. Brown & Co. have
just published in this country, is a 450- 1
page book written by Alfred C. Harms
worth, with contributions by other emi
nent Englishman. The book describes
fully the various kinds of automobiles, is
finely illustrated and contains a glossary
o£. terms.
"The Brook Book" is making its timely
appearance from the press of Doubleday,
Page & Co', with many beautiful illustra
tions. In it Mary Rogers Miller under
takes to give a first acquaintance with all
sorts of wild life and things that exist
or center their life In and about the
streams of forest and meadow. The nar
rative begins with May and follows the
changing year with tho never ending va
riety and fascination of real out-door life.
Tho book consists of three parts: Part
1— The accession and proclamation, etc.,
of the King, including various impor
tant matters incident to the first year of
his Majesty's reign. Part 2— The gra.nd
event of the coronation itself. Part 3 —
The rite and ceremony in' St. Peter's Ab
bey Church of Westminster. The author,
Charles Eyre ' Pascoe, predicts that the
old form as practiced in 1838 will be fol
lowed as nearly as possible. This is add
ed in a fourth part. or appendix to the
volume, in which is given "The Form and
Order of the, Service and Ceremonies Ob
served in the Coronations in the Abbey
Church of St. Peter, Westminster." The
price of the book is $1 40. .
A most timely book has just come to
us frcm the press of . D. Appleton & Co.,
New York— "The Pageant and Ceremony
of the Coronation of Their Majesties
King Edward the Seventh and Queen
Alexandra*' The volume will be found
equally valuable to those who are fortu
nate enough to see the coronation and to
those who must content themselves with
written accounts, for it forrns a complete
compendium of the coronation rites and
ceremonies and state pageant. The
author has had unusual* facilities for
making it authoritative, so it will prove
quite valuable as a handy work of refer
ence. The colored illustrations will be
found especially "useful in giving the
proper idea of the regalia. \
The Coronation.
James B. Connolly, the son of a New
England skipper, who went to the Greek
sames and won a first prize, will have an
other of his graphic sea sketches in the
June Scribner's, this one describing a trip
"On a Baltic Sea Sloop." Mr. Connolly
has now pictured the three great groups
of rishermen— Gloucester, North Sea and
Baltic.
Literary Notes.
"All but Jimmy Powers. . He stopped
short in his tracks and threw his battered
"Jimmy Powers, Archie Harris, Long
Pine Jim, Big Nolan and Mike . Maloney,
the brother of Bryan, were in the worst
case. They were, as has been 'said, en
gaged in "flattening* part of the Jam about
eight or ten rods below the face of : it.
When they finally understood that the"*
affair was one of escape, they ran toward
the jam, hoping to climb out. Then the
crash came. They heard the roar of the
waters, the wrecking of the timbers, they
saw the logs bulge outward In anticipa
tion of the. break. Immediately they
turned and fled, they knew 'not .where.
"Scotty Parsons, Jack Hyland, Red
Jacket and the forty or fifty top men had
reached the shore. By the wriggling ac
tivity 'which is a riverman's alone, they
succeeded in pulling themselves beyond
the snap of death's jaw. It was a narrow
thing for most of them and a miracle for
some. . .-.- '
"Then the flood hit square. It was the
impact of Irresistible power. A great
sheet of water rose like surf from the
tail of the jam; a mighty cataract poured
down over its surface, lifting the free
logs; from either wing timbers crunched,
split, rose suddenly into wracked promi
nenceV twisted beyond the semblance of
themselves. Here and there single logs
were even projected bodily upward, as an
apple seed is shot from between the
thumb and forefinger. ¦ Then the jam
moved. \ '
"Even in the railroad rush of those few
moments several things happened. Thorpe
leaped for a rope. The crew working on
top of the jam ducked instinctively to
right and left and began to scramble to
ward safety. The men below, at first be
wildered and not comprehending, finally
understood, and ran toward the face of
the jam with ihe intention of clambering
up it. There would be no escape in the
narrow canyon below, the walls of which
rose sheer.
Down the bed of the stream from the
upper bend rushed a solid wall of water
several feet, high.- It flung itself forward
with the headlong impetus of a cascade.
Even In the short interval between the
visitor's exclamation and Carpenter's
rapid gesture, it had loomed -in sight,
twisted a dozen trees from the river bank
and foamed into the entrance of the gorge.
An instant later it collided with the tall
of the jam.
Below we give an excerpt from Stewart
Edward White's latest story, "The Blazed
Trail." In it is described the bunting of
a log jam and it is a fine example of the
forceful writing in which Mr. White
shows himself such an adept. This novel,
published by McClure, Phillips & Co., New
York, is one of the remarkable books of
the year. It gives a splendid picture of
frontier life: the struggles of the pioneer
woodsman in the forest
Aside from the attraction in the general
character of the work there is the added
interest of a single strong theme in the
adventures of Harry Thorpe. Young
Thorpe suffers from, a visitation of the
sins of the father upon the son. He has
been driven from civilization to a life in
the wilderness to seek seclusion where the
fact of his father's crime of embezzlement
has not reached. It is the usual 'story of
perseverance finally crowned with suc
cess; but so well told that it* comes to
the reader as a field refreshingly «ew.
Here is the selection from it mentioned
above: .
The Blazed Trail.
The faithful Vashti, whose unrequited
love for her lord is the most beautiful ele
ment in the. story, saves him and herself
from the tortures by entreating a kiss as
•her last favor from Naphtali, when, with
a vial of poison concealed in her lips, she
releases both from the terrible ordeaL
(Published by the Lothrop Publishing
Company, Boston. Price $1 50.) . •
voted Vashti to Babylon, where he kills
Miraone In the presence of the King.
The major part of the story is laid In
the State capital and among politicians.
The author is at home there, having had
extensive experience as a member of the'
New York State Legislature. The plot is
well-defined and sustained to the end. It
has many dramatic situations. The inner'
workings of .the "machine" are clearly
depicted. (Published by the Lothrop Pub
lishing Co., Boston. Price $1 50.) x ~
"Margaret Bowlby," by Edgar L. Vin
cent, might well be named "The Politi
cian," for while it is a story of love it is
also a story of politics. The hero, Robert
Kemp, is a young mine superintendent,
who has grown up from poverty. He is
eager to improve the condition of his men,
and, seeking a nomination for the lower
house of the Legislature, is beaten in
caucus by his employer,. Captain Bowlby,
the owner of the mine. Captain Bowlby
has a daughter, Margaret, who Is in love
with Kemp, and, out of sympathy with
him for his defeat, secures Robert's nomi
nation for the Senate. In the Senate Rob
ert succeeds in defeating the machine, and
leads a fight against it for the election
of United States Senator. It is a long,
hard struggle. The machine men get hold
of : Captain | Bowlby and cajole him into
supporting the machine candidate. Money
is brought Into use, and a trap is laid for
Robert's undoing; but his side finally
wfcs. Robert is rewarded by Margaret's
love, a partnership with the captain and
an election as Governor of the ' State.
Margaret Bowlby.
" ?So long, boys,' they heard \ Jimmy
Powers' voice. Then the rope Thorpe had
thrown fell across a caldron of tortured
waters and of tossing logs."
"It was an instant's impression— the ar
rested motion seen in a flash of lightning
—and yet to the onlookers it had some
how the value of time. For perceptible
duration it seemed to them they stared
at the contrast between the raging hell
above and the yet peaceable river bed
below. <They were. destined to remember
that picture the rest of their natural lives
in such detail that each one of them
could almost have reproduced • It photo
graphically by simply closing his eyes.
Yet afterward, when they attempted "to
recall definitely the impression, they knew
it could have lasted but a fraction of a
second, for the reason that, clear and dis
tinct in each man's mind, the images of
the fleeing men retained definite atti
tudes. It was the instantaneous photog
.raphy of events. , • .'.
eld felt, hat defiantly full into the face of
the destruction hanging over him. Then,
his bright hair blowing in the wind of
death, he turned to the spectators stand
ing helpless and paralyzed, forty feet
above him. .'
t • . ¦ - %
respondent of "The Lyre," and becomes
at once the "boom child" of that paper—
6n all occasions his name is well to the
heald of the columns of that megaphone
sheet. Finally Jinks returns home with
all his boom popularity gone and is left
to die in an insane asylum, going over
his past glories with a collection of
leaden soldiers. Dan Beard has done the
illustrations in a very creditable and
characteristic manner. The book-is pub
lished by Funk & Wagnalls Company,
New, York. Price $150.
and Massinger. Professor Saintsbury's
contribution to the first " volume is on
Dryden. Professor Hume Brown has
written on James I. Knox and Buchanan;
Mr. George Nellson on Huchown, and Dr.
T. S. Law on the Scots Wyclifite Testa
ment and Archbishop Hamiston's Cate
chism."
"In this first volume old English lit
erature as a whole and all the writers
who used to be called : Anglo-Saxon —
Caedmon, Baeda, Aelfred and the rest —
are dealt with by Dr. Stopford Brooke.
Mr. A. W. Pollard has charged himself
with Middle English and almost all the
writers, down to Reformation times—
'Layamon, the Ormulum, the Chronicles
and Romances, Piers Plowman, Chaucer
and bis successors, Wyclif, Mallory and
the Morie d' Arthur, the Miracle-Plays,
Heywcod, Udall, Wyatt and Surrey.
There are essays from the pen of Mr.
Gosse on the Elizabethan Sonnet-Cycles;
as also on Sir Philip Sidney the poet,
Spenser, Webster. Ford and Shirley. Mr.
Gosse has also revised, as amended and
retained from the old edition, the articles
on Ben Jonson, Donne, Wither. Carew,
Herrick, Lovelace, Suckling, Crashaw,
Vuughan, D'Avenant and Cowley. Shakes
peare is by Mr. Sidney Lee." To pr. Sam
uel Rawson Gardiner we owe the discus
sion on the Puritan movement. Mr. A.
K. Bullen has described for us the Res
toration literature, and has revised Beau
mont and Fletcher, Middleton, Marston
To quote from the preface of Mr. Pat
rick will give us an Idea more directly
concerning this first volume Just issued:
Judging from the character of the first
volume, if the two that are to follow keep
to the standard made by their predecessor,
the set will prove an invaluable one. The
selections are all of the very best, and be
sides Illustrating the work of the writer
under consideration are in general worth
many readings Tor themselves; so these
books fehould really constitute a library.
Of course in a work of this kind it can
not be nor is it the intention to give, a
perfect knowledge of the author under
discussion. This encyclopedia is, as it
were, a finger post to point out the av
erage achievement of the man, to • give
his weak points as well as his good, and
also to direct a line of reading*that will
form an acquaintance with the least pos
sible waste of time or energy.
It is now sixty years since Dr. Chambers
began work on the first, and many things
have happened in the world of letters. In
the present edition, of which this volume
is the first to appear, it is announced that
the essential plan will be retained, but In
a more broadened and perfected way.
As time advances tue need for a guide
and help becomes more and more neces
sary; such a one was devised and suc
cessfully carried into effect when Dr.
Robert Chambers compiled a "Cyclopae
dia of English Literature," the first of
its kind in Britain. The plan for this was
laid In 1S41, and Dr. Chambers was as
sisted by his friend Dr. Robert Carruth
ers of Inverness. The work appeared .;n
two volumes in 1844 and was brought
down to date and reprinted in 1858. It was
revised and extended under the charge of
Dr. Carruthers in 1876; and a fourth re
issue, again incorporating new matter,
took place a dozen years. later. But a
keener interest in the older literature and
a fuller knowledge of It, new facts, new
theories and new light on a thousand
pcints, the increasing supply of new ma
terials for selection, the continued activ
ity of accepted authors, the rise of new
and brilliant stars, and all that is im
plied In the unabated continuity of the
literary life of the nation, have rendered
necessary a . much more thoroughgoing
revision and reconstruction. This new
edition Is Intended to supply this want.
There is no doubt that English literature
has accomplished more than the sword or
the machine, and, covering as it does a
period of over 1400 years, it is no
email task to familiarize ourselves with
even the flower of it; still, considering
relative importance it is a study that is
deserving of the deepest attention.
Edmund Gosse, Sidney Lee, Andrew
Lang, Samuel R. Gardiner. A. H. Bullen,
George Saintsburv, etc.
STRANGERS AT THE GATE— By Samuel
Gordon. The Jewish Publication Societ;rv ot
America. Philadelphia. 4»
COMPREHENSIVE GUIDE BOOK TO
NATURAL HYGIENIC AND HUMAXB
DIET— By Sidney H. Beard. Thomas Y.
Crowell & Co., New York. $1.
WHAT IS RELIGION?— By Lyof N. Tol
stol. -Thomas Y. Crowell A Co., New Tork.
60 cents.
WILLIAM McKINLEY— Memorial address
by John Hay. Thomas Y. Crowell & Co.,
New York. 23 cents.
KRAJ»CE — By Pierre Fondn. Edited and
translated by H. H. Kane. A.M.. M.D. The
International Publishing Company. New York.
CHAirBERS' CYCLOPEDIA OF ENGLISH
LITERATURE — New edition by David Pat
rick. LL.D. J. B. Lippincott Company, Phila
delphia. $3. "" •
DANIEL WEBSTER — By Samuel W. Mc-
Call. Houghton, Mltflln & Co.. Boston. SO
cents.
TO THE END OF THE TRAIL — By Frank
Lewis Mason. Houshton, MixOln St Co.. Bos
ton, fl SO.
CHIMMIE FADDEN AND MR. PAUL— By
Edward W. Townsend. The Century Company
New York. $1 60.
A HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES
NAVY— By Edjcar S. Maclay. A. M. New
edition of Vol. IIL D. Appleton & Co.. New
York. ?3.
HERALDS OF EMPIRE— By A. C. Laut.
D. Appleton & Co., New York. $1 CO.
A HISTORY OF ENGLISH LTTERATUR3B
*— By William Vaughn Moody and Robert
Morss Lovett. Charles Scrlbner** Sons. N«w
York, fl 25.
AT SUNWICH PORT— By W. W. Jaoob«.
Charles EcribneKs Sons. New York. $1 BO.
THE RESCUE — By Anne Douglas Sedffwlck.
The Century Company. New York. $1 50.
AARON BURR— By Isaac Jenkiiwon. . M.
Cullation & Co.. Richmond. Indiana. V
AT THE BACK OF BEYOND— By Jtna
Barlow. Dodd. Mead & Co.. New Tork. %1 80.
BUELL HAMPTON— By Willis George Em
erson. Forbes & Co., Boston. $1 B0. !
THE RUBAIYAT OF OMAR KHAYYAM
JUNIOR— By Wallace Irwln. Elder & Shep
ard, San Francisco. 60 cents.
A LAY THESIS ON BIBLE WINES— By
Edward R. Emerson. Merrill & Baker New
York.
LOVE'S COMING OF AGE— By Edward
Carpenter. Stockham Publishing Company,
Chicago. ?1.
DEEP SEA PLUNDERINGS— By Frank T.
Bullen. D. Apple ton & Co., New York. $1 50.
THE SERPENT — By Charles Macknight
Sain. AdoIIo Book Company, Chicago. 75
cents.
T* BACCA QUEEN— By T. "Wilson Wilson.
D. ADDleton & Co., New York. $1.
LIFE OF THE REV. T. DE WITT TAL.
MAGE — By Charles Eugene Banks. The Bible
House. Chlcaso. 111.
VAN BERGEN'S STORY OF CHINA— By
R. Van Berxen, M. A. The American Boo!t
Company. New York. 60 cents.
MON ONCLE ET MON CURE— By Jean de
la Brete. Edited for school use by Elizabeth
M. White. American Book Company. New
York. 50 cents.
DOROTHY VERNON— By Charlei Major.
The Macmillian Co., New York. Price $1 5(X
Books Received.
The Smart Set for June opens with a
novelette by Gertrude Lynch, entitled
"The Fighting Chance." This story is »a
Interesting as It is valuable It presents
a vivid picture of a phase In the Ufa ©1
an honest statesman, and the theme ia
treated with great skill by an author
whose personal experiences enable her to
write luminously of department llf* In
Washington. The love interest in the
story Is fascinating, while the plot Is ab
solutely distinctive, as original as It is
satisfying. Beyond all this there Is the
charm of very clever dialogue which per
meates the novelette.
The short stories ax© of great varJ-rt^/
but all very human and all of th« jj&t
literary standard. A notable story of tha
most romantic type Is "The Tree cf
Love,'* by Justus Miles Forman; "An In
discreet Divorce," by Walter E. Grogan,
Is a most diverting bit of humor, whils
"Madame Bo-Peep of the Ranches," by O.
Henry, Is a pure love story, altogether
delightful; there Is also a most striking
Btory by John Regnault Ellyson, entitled
"A Swirl of Dust." Caroline Duer con
tributes a remarkably clever play in one
act, "Mr. Shakespeare at School," an!
there are articles that entertain and in
form in equal measure: "The Troubles of
the Prince," by Alfied Henry Lewis, and
"The Power of Woman," by Henry Col
lins Walsh.
44 'Kate Boon*? wan set Intended as as
historical novel nor as a burlesque upon
one, but tome of its main characters and
Incidents belong to the history of the
piratical days of the early part of tiu
eighteenth century."
"You are mistaken in supposing that
Captain Steve Bonnet of Barbadoes was a
fictitious character. The story, as related
In history, la even more out of jb'^yay
and surprising than I have mad4?tt:Aciy
book. Hla daughter Is a younjr'fWWian
of my own creation, but BonneHwas a
real character.
- The pirate Blackbeard was also a real
personage, and many of bis acts were fax
too wild and fantastical to be embodied
in fiction. His seizure of Bonnet's vessel
Is described In the annals of the times.
where his subsequent connection with
Blackbeard, as I have related it, may be
found. The battle In the Cape Fear Rivet
between the three grounded vessels is *lo
scxlbed In the historical records of South
Carolina.
The late Frank R. Stockton, replying to
a correspondent who criticized his last
novel, "Kate- Bonnet," said:
Mr. Irwin's "Love Sonnets of a Hood
lum," that was published some time ago,
made a great hit both here and in the
East, but It requires no prophet to fore
tell the popularity of Omar Khayyam Jr.
Here is a verse from Omar:
Upw with a loaf of bread beneath the bough,
A flask of wine, & book of verse — and thou
F. ; k> me Fir.ging In the wilderness —
And wilderness Is paradise enow.
Xow comes Omar. Jr. with the follow
ing:
A grand piano underneath the bough,
A CTarnaphone. a Chinese gong, and thou
Tryir.g to sing an anthem off the key —
Oh, paradise were wilderness enow!
It is quite Interesting in this connection
to compare the work of Omar Jr. with
that of Omar the old. Mr. Irwin takes
the original verse and gives a twist here
end a twist there, keeping the meter,
sometimes a line or two, sometimes the
sense for a while, and then, presto! a new
Etanza .is turned out that pleases the
fancy mightily and— you read on to the
next. i-v •
Mr. Irwin's verses have all the zip and
go to them of perfect spontaneity, and
yet If you take the time and thought to
examine them you will Bee that they
were written with the greatest care and
painstaking. "Easy reading is generally
hard writing."
"While the Volcanic Singer was seated
one day in the shade of a banyan tree,
fresh cigars and abandoned stumps sur
rounding him like the little hills that
climb the mountain, he nodded and fell
•usleep. still puffing lustily at a panatella,
sweet end black. Now the poet's beard
was long and his 6leep deep, and as the
treed grevr shorter with each ecstatic
puff the little brand of fire drew closer
end closer to the beautiful hairy mantle
that fell from the poet's chin. That day
the Island was wrapped In a light gauze
cf blue mist, an exotic smoke that was a
blessing to the nostrils. It suffused the
whole island from end to end and re
minded the happy Inhabitants of the
cigars of Nirvana, grown in some Planta
tion of the Blessed. When the smoke
had » passed and our heads were cleared
of tb* narcotic fumes we hastened to the
spot where our good master had loved to
tit; but there naught remained but a
great heap of white ashes sitting among
the pipes and cigars that had Inspired his
ecr.g. Thus he died as he lived, an an
cient smoker."
The end of Omar Jr., as described in the
Introduction, is as beautiful as he could
himself have wished.
"Borneo was the island to which the poet
fled, and here the historian finds him
some years later prospering In the world's
poeds and greatly reverenced by the in
habitants. Although Omar Jr. was un
doubtedly the greatest man that Borneo
has yet produced, he must not be con
fused In the mind of the reader with the
Wild Man of Borneo, who, although him
eelf a poet, was a man of far less culture
than the author of the present Rubai
yat."
Omar Jr. Is a Jolly Cog, whose phil
osophy of life comes to him through the
bluish mist of tobacco smoke as he sits
back in his easy chair and courts the
Goddess Nicotine.
Read a little of the Introduction and
meet the young Omar through his his
torian:
"Omar Khayyam died in the early part
of the eleventh century, having sold his
poems profitably, with the proceeds of
which he established taverns throughout
the length and breadth of Persia. Omar
died in the height of his popularity, but
shortly after his death the city of Nai
shapur became a temperance town. Even
yet the younger Omar might have lived
and sung at Naishapur had not a fanatical
sect of Sufi women, taking advantage of
the increasing respectability of the once
jovial city, risen in a body against the
house of Omar and literally razed it to
the ground with the aid of hatchets,
¦which were at that time the peculiar
weapon of the sex and sect. It is said
that the younger Omar, who was then a
youth, was obliged to flee from the wrath
of the Good Government Propagandists
and to take abode in a distant city. For
some time he wandered about Persia in
a destitute condition, plying the heredi
tary trade of tentmaker, but at length
poverty compelled him to quit his native
country for good and to try his fortunes
in a land so remote that the dissolute
record of his parent could no longer
hound him.
Mr. Irwin brings out his verses with all
the pompous seriousness of a clever
humorist He ¦writes an Introduction to
the poems narrating In learned style the
story of the discovery of the manuscript
of Omar Khayyam Jr., and giving a criti
cism of the verses themselves. Consid
ering the introduction and the notes which
have been added to clear away the fog:
of abstruse passages It Is hard to tell
which la the better humor, the verses or
their explanation— fortunately we are wel
com* to both, for one would not be com
plete without the other.
This edition, that will be placed upon
the market to-morrow. Is very attractively
and appropriately bound and the Illustra
tions are In that quaint style that mark
the efforts of Oelett Burgess.
There have been imitations of the Ru
baiyat time without number— Mr. Wal
lace Irwin's work, however, is not an
Imitation, but to the contrary It la quite
origins.!.
that if old Omar could have
looked from his garden seat down through
the vista of ages and studied the "Junior"
he would have enjoyed it just as fully
as it will be enjoyed by the people of
to-day. It is Just that kind of a produc
tion. Entirely aside from the laughable
humor of the present verses there is really
a lot of good philosophy- of the practical
sort to be gathered from the lines.
WALLACE IRWIN has surpassed
himself in his latest book of
verses. "The Rubaiyat of Omar
Khayyam Junior." I think
whose article on the subject appears in
the Youth's Companion for May 15. Stand
ing in his own right at the head of th«
Scottish aristocracy, brother-in-law of
King Edward through marriage with the
Princess Louise, familiar by reason of fiv.i
years in the Governor Generalship of Can
ada with the American point of view, he
not only has a firm grasp of facts, but
sees their significance to the American
public.
THE SUNDAY CALL,
£cr|dUct<2d by
There could hardly be a better man to
write about the coming coronation of
King Edward than the Duke of Argyll,
The May number of the Patriotic Re
view cannot fail to please all members of
the various patriotic organizations— as it
gives reports of the annual meetings of
most of them— notably those of the S. A
R-, D. R. and M. O. F. W. It also con
tains a suitable Memorial day article on
"Our : Honored Dead" end sketches of
General Stark and Jefferson Davis. The
half-tones are exceptionally fine, one be
ing a very, recent portrait of Mary A.
Livermore. M. H. Brazier & Co.. pub
lishers, Trinity Court, Boston, Mass.
Many of the articles in the volume are
covered by copyright and are from the
r>ens of such well-known writers as Stop
ford 'A. Brooke. Alfred William Pollard,
A work of the greatest practical value
to the student and the general reader as
well is "Chambers' Cyclopaedia of Eng
lish literature," a new edition of which
has just been issued under the able editor
ship of David Patrick, LL.D. As its sub
title suggests, it is in every way "a his
tory, critical and biographicid. of authors
in the English tongue from the earliest
times till the present day, with specimens
of their writings." Volume I has just been
published. From the press of W. & R.
Chambers, Limited, London and Edin
burgh, and the J. B. Lippincott Company,
Philadelphia. Price 55.
Literature.
Chambers' Cyclopaedia of English
We have before us numbers two and
three of "Les Arts," for March and April.
They will both be found valuable to those
Interested in the treasures that the gal
leries hold and in the works of the old
masters and the later lights as well. "Les
Arts" is published in France, but the
American edition t Is v provided with Eng
lish text for the benefit of those who are
not familiar with the foreign tongue.
Messrs. Manzi. Joyant & Co. are to be
complimented upon the excellence of their
publication. Price, 50 cents per number
Dodd, Mead & Co. will publish, early In
the fall, a new romance by Marie Corelli,
the manuscript of which ia nearly com
pleted.
The story ia said to be a singularly
powerful and striking one, dealing with a
subject which has never before been
treated in fiction and intimately touchin*
on certain topics which have been for
some time uppermost in the minds of
many people. The title IS at present with
held. ; /"¦•'• v i':-
Captain Jinks.
Ernest Crosby is ; the author of a bit
of satire presented in novel form under
the title of "Captain Jinks, Hero." Mr.
Crosby takes the subject of war as a tar
get for his shafts, and devotes , himself
particularly to the recent Spanish-Ameri
can difficulty. The author makes I some
very telling hits in more than one in
stance, and his book has already awaken
ed considerable discussion. He rides over
the staff of a military system roughshod,
to say nothing of sending some well-aimed
shafts after political corruption and
methods „ crbokdd and dishonest. There
is no particular effort on the t part of Mr.
Crosby to confine himself to the ethics
of literary style; . but -he hammers away
right royally and with good effect, which
Is probably all that he hopes for. Sam
Jinks is . the hero • of the story. " From
earliest childhood-his dreams are to be
come a soldier, and when he finally gets
into "East Point" is good chance
for . the author ' to give the old ' question
of hazing a warm greeting. Later,
Jinks goes to war with his friend, a cor-
. of Ashtaroth at an Idolatrous orgy.
She adroitly blinds the Jewish noble to
her ¦ real character, and he is surprised
while making love to her at a. rendezvous
by one of his comrades, Talmon, a mili
tary officer, to. whom Miraone's real na
ture and purpose have bfeen revealed by
Vashti, one of her servants. , This maiden
has fallen in love with Naphtali and tries
to save him from Impending disaster.
Talmon is killed in. the struggle which, en
sues, and Miraone is saved from captiv
ity. Naphtali Is blind to the truth and
bears her to his house as his wife. There
she has every advantage to continue the
plotting against Judah, and in a great
battle the Assyrian hosts defeat the King
and Sennacherib encompasses Jerusalem.
Meanwhile Naphtali has been deathly ill
of a fever, and | recovering learns from
Vashti, the servant, who loves him, .the
true character of ., his wife. , Miraone es
capes to Babylon, becoming the j favorite
of, the. King . there. Naphtali swears
vengeance, and proceeds with the de-
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
Y PSiSiSiSfl
J KHAYYAM gj
llH junior t| |
3 *¦&' » &MM»»W.) OIKW ««l«"*" VM H
P& by Wallace Irwia \&
i v*o wrote U
I aT * Love Sonnets - ' Hoodlum"!
iV ELDED AND SHEPABD |
Kw^'V San fruicisco M\-witu him Uhvb confessed. Ha planrnai
the crimes and executed them. In fact,
his whole prison .record shows that he haa
always been a leader among criminals.
He was constantly stirring them up to re
volt. And lie is all the more dangerous
because he is ko clever at deception. He
hesitates at nothing:. The way he assault
ed Barker in the courtroom shows Ms
caliber."
"Why. the vtscyvwayin which tnerob
borJes charged against King were bun
pied." declares Air. Montgomery with
cfjual emphasis, 'joiasht to be the strong
est evidence of his innocence. King was
altogether too shrewd and too well versed
In crime to be guilty of such trivial thefts.
Why. the few trinkets stolen were not
vGrth. altogether, more than' $2 50. No,
tiiey were not worth fh«t 7*1"^ Besides,
I ¦ " , - .
them down to ignorance rather than vice"
If I am mistaken— if he Is really guilty
he Is the most consummate scoundrel in
the world. But we cannot give up the
fight for his soul— no, not even if he Is
proved guilty— while it i3 possible to con
vert him to Christianity.
"Kins 13 a consummate scoundrel," an
swers the Rev. Mr. Rader. "He Is a crim
inal because he Is proud to be a criminal
He told me himself that he had conceived
the idea while serving his last sentence in
prison of committing wholesale burglaries
under the cloak of religious zeal
as soon as he was released. He
even boasted, 'I committed sixty bur
glaries In" sixty days before they sent me
to the penitentiary last time, and I'm' as
proud of it as you are of your sermons.'
It is King's very boldness that makes
mm so dangerous. The robbery at the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
shows how he carried out bis scheme. I
nave been speaking against him wherever
and whenever I could."
j., lt !l L the robbery at the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union which the police
declare best Illustrates King's newly con
ceived methods, which were to locate the
easiest places to plunder while lecturina
and then send the members of his gang tc
carry off the swag while he posed as a
reformed saint.
As the police explain It, King went to
the Woman's Christian Temperance - Un
ion several times and was kindly treated
by the ladies in charge. One day he called
with Hamilton, whom the police say is
one of the worst all-round crooks in the
State, and later Mrs. Spencer's trunk was
"It was King who stole the trunk," de
clares. Mrs. Barker, wife of one of the
men who .is said to belong to King's
*ang, if gang he had, ,and who was ar
rested with him. "It was he who planned
all the robberies and carried them out.
He brought the trunk *o my home and
pried it open with a chisel, and gave ma
and my sister the clothes that' were In
"Barker and his wife and her sister ar«
trying to swear away my liberty," says
King. "They committed all the robberies
and now they're trying to palm them off
on me. But nothing was found In ' my
room. All the stolen goods were located
in Barker's room. Of course/appearances
are against me, for I had no right to be
caught in a house with stolen goods, and
If the police will reduce the burglary
charge to that I'll plead guilty and tak«
six months." '- , ,, :
"However, I'm' dead, socially, no matter,
how the case goes. I couldn't do anything
stolen. Mrs, Luse, one of , the leading
members of the union, believes King ia
innocent, but Mrs. | Bradley and Mrs.
Spencer have both testified for the prose
cution. .' ¦• •
"King is innocent. Of* that I am sure,"
replies the Rev. Mr. Ford, "because I be
lieve he is sincere in his reformation. He
was invaluable in his work among- crim
inals, for he knew their mind and their
ways and \rzr? best to reach them. As
proof of his sincerity I know — personally
know— of cases vrhere he spent his last
es>rit to feed and clothe hungry and home
less convicts, while he himself is still
wearing the suit of clothes given him
¦when he was discharged from San Quen
tin. He was indiscreet in going among
criminals agrain. Indeed he was warned
against such a course, but he was striv
ing earnestly to save others. Why, if
he was not sincere, why didn't he use
the sympathies of the church.- to his own
advancement? I know there were glaring
inconsistencies in his speeches, but I set
"Thieves never reform," says Captain
of Defectives Seymour. "Whenever one of
them professes religious reformation in
the spectacular Way that King did, we
always watch him the more closely, and
it is only a question of time when he
is caught red handed and landed in pris
on again. And, strange as it may seem,
for all that King is bold, clever, master
ful and resourceful, the crimes for which
he has been convicted have all been triv
ial. The wonder is that he could risk ¦ so
much for so little. He is scarcely out of
the penitentiary before he is back again.
He was sentenced to Folsom first in 1895
for burglary, and released on February
4, 1S9S. Three months later he was again
caught after a petty theft, convicted and
sentenced to San Quentin. Only four
months passed since his release last De
cember before he was again caught in
the midst of plunder and lodged in jail.
Other criminals may reform, but burglars
— never!"
"And as for being dangerous, why.
there wasn't a knife or a pistol found
among the whole crowd. King has never
professed to be an evangelist. His lec
turing was all done for the California
Prison Commission, and ended only ten
days before his arrest. In that ten days
lies whatever doubt can be cast upon
him, but I am sure he has reformed. If
Judge Mogan thinks he is not guilty we
will employ the best lawyers in the city
to defend him.
.what motive could King have for stealing
such baubles? He had all the backing he
wanted to enable him to lead an honest
life. He went to the house where he was
caught to arrange with Barker, whom ha
had known in San Quentin, to start a
chicken ranch, and some charitable ladiea,
whose names I am not free to mention,
had promised to supply/ him with incu
bators and other things necessary for the
enterprise.
•There ;sn"t the slightest doubt of
King's-- suiit." declares Chief of Police
'Vittman with emphasis. "He was not
only caught in the house with the plun
titr. b'Jt the two women who were caught
The police, however, have thrust aside
all consideration of spiritual ethics and,
iolloy.-irig the straight and narrow path of
rriminoiogy. are reasoning: from cause to
effect T«ith King's past record as a basis
tnd at cumulating evidence to send him to
prison for Mfe.
And over this question of his guilt or in
nocence some of the most prominent di
vines in California have taken issue. The
Rev. Mr. Ford represents one extreme
that believes explicitly in King's com
plete conversion. The Rev. Mr. Rader
voices the opinion of the opposite ex
treme, who are convinced that King has
been boldly masquerading under an as
sumed contrition' and is therefore doubly
oangercus as a thief.
In the four months that elapsed be
tween those two portentous events the
police declare he concocted and partly
executed one of the most daring schemes
of robbery ever devised in California. It
was nothing short of wholesale theft at
the head of an organized gang under the
cloak of religious reformation.
On the other hand, Charles Montgom
ery, the millionaire- philanthropist and
president of the California Prison Com
mission; Rev. Frank S. Ford of the First
Christian Church, Mrs. Luse of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
and many other prominent people con
nected with religious and reformatory in
stitutions are stanch in his defense and
declare that in his present trouble King
Is simply the victim of his own spiritual
zeal in attempting to reform other crim
inals who were in San Quentin with him,
but who have been active in their chosen
profession ever since leaving the peniten
tiary. There were four others arrested
"»1th King, but the amount of plunder in
volved is not worth five dollars. It is,
therefore.- a battle royal between the
church for the soul of one reclaimed, who
is falsely accused, and the State for the
principle of good government against a
convict who hae not only lapsed into his
old habits, but led others into crime.
Just a month ago he was again locked
up behind prison bars at the Hall of Jus
tio», charged with the same crime.
YT OE KING, the "Preacher Convict,"
1 is the most remarkable criminal in
\ all the West just at present.
QJ On December 29, 1301. he was dis
charged from San Quentln after
serving a. five-year sentence for
burglary. »
But for all the triviality of the plunder,
the story of. the capture of King and the
four others with .him reads like a chap
ter from Sherlock Holmes. Many bur
glaries were bein^ committed, but the po
lice could not locate the criminals whose
operations grew more extensive every
month, though they never succeeded In
making a large haul in any of their raids.
Before King was released his plan to
operate under the cloak of religion be
came known to the police. Whether or
f ¦.¦-••.-¦•¦
rian In Salinas, the Methoairt In Watson
vine, the Baptist In Winters, the Congre
gational in Martinez and also In Benicia,
tho Presbyterian in Vallejo and th* Meth
odfst in Antioco.
"But no matter where I lectured I could
ret them a-crying" whenever I wanted to.
While I was talking the tears would run
down their cheeks like German doughnuts
and when you can make people cry like
that they're easy to touch. No. I was
striking for something higher than a
rake-off like that." ¦ - >_ . _ .
"I lectured In a score of churches all
over the State: in the Howard-street
Methodist, the Holly Park Presbyterian,
tha First Congregational, the First Chris
tian churches and the Y. M. C. A. in this
city; the Trinity Methodist and the Pres
byterian in Berkeley, the Methodist Epis
copal in Alameda, the Central Methodist
and the T. M. C. A. in Stockton, the Meth
odist and the Y. M. C. A. in Sacramento,
the Methodist in Los Gatos, the Presbyte-
"As for not being sincere in my refor
mation, the police are all wrong. I didn't
make a cent out of my sermons in the
churches. I didn't try to. Now, If I was
only playing a game, would I play it that
«*ay? No. I'd get everything there was
in it and it would have been dead easy.
socially now even It I was acquitted, and
If I'm cinched this time it means life. Oh,
I know it. They'd send me up • for good.
But I'd rather kill that fellow Barker and
swing for It than- let him swear my life
away. I did knock him out to-day at the
preliminary hearing In court because he
swore falsely.
' "I have studied the criminal as only one
who has been a criminal can study him.
I left prison as a representative of those
I left behind. I have lectured In many
of the principal churches here and else
where in an effort to ameliorate the con
ditions of the man leaving prison.
"I have felt the public pulse, and I
know that the general public is indiffer
ent."
"We are having, always have had and
always will have the criminals that we
deserve, inasmuch as we produce them.
Every man Is of the spirit of the age in
which he is raised, and by our theological
notions, false standards and cruel meth
ods we have made it very easy for men
to do wrong and very hard for them to
do right. Every man is indirectly respon
sible for the condition of every other
man; this is an indisputable fact, for
the 'brotherhood of the race is a fact In
nature, and we are all Integral links in
a chain of cause and effect that stretches
from eternity to eternity and binds the
past with the Infinite present. This asser
tion rests for Individual support upon
the twin pillars of science and religion.
"We have been praying for the last 2000
years, 'Father, thy will be done on earth
as it- is in heaven." That the answer haa
been so long delayed is only seeming.
When man catches the-tdea that every
bcuI is a single thread in the warp and
wcof of the vast fabric of human prog
ress; when he begins to realize that the
responsibility of human progress rests tm
human shoulders, and when every child
born into the world has an e<iuai oppor
tunity to be good, then that prayer will
have been answered.
"This dogma of despiar, 'Once a con
vict always- a convict' is as unjust as it
is untrue.
"Those there are who will pronounce all
talk of human treatment of this class as
a waste of sentiment. They say thes«s
fellows are beyond recall— they are abnor
mal creatures. Once a criminal always a
criminal. The reclamation of this class
is a function of Government, and is out
side the scope of individual responsibility.
"Such assertions are ill considered; for
wherever any organized effort has been
made in assisting discharged prisoners it
haa always returned gratifying results.
Babbl Levy, who meets all Jewish pris
oners at the gate, informed m« that not a
single Jew had ever returned to prison.
"Mr. Charles Montgomery, the" philan
thropist, who has devoted hi3 life to tha
prisoners, claims that nearly half of the
men could be reclaimed. Personally I
know of many who have settled down and
through their honesty and industry have
won the confidence of those about them
and are a* credit to the community in
which they reside.
"The unfortunate 'politician who hap
pens to get the appointment of Warden
for four years is not responsible for the
condition of our prisons; it is the method
or system. Men are sent there for fixed
and unconditional sentences, which is
without consistency or justification, be
cause one man will get one year for a
given offense, while the next man will get
forty years. If the avowed purpose in
sending men to prison i3 reformation,
how Is the Judge to determine when this
man will reform? Consequently Instead
of making the sentence for the man they
endeavor to make it fit the crime. Every
man convicted of a felony should be sen
tenced for life, and when he haa shown
by his conduct and character that he la
worthy and capable of taking part in the
affairs of men let him out on probation.
"It was stated at the last prison con
ference, that you might as wen send a
boy to the pesthouse for the toothache
as to send him to prison for the purpose
of reforming. We often hear some one
say, 'Ob, yes, a year or so over there will
do Johnny good." If they were to say a
year or so over there, and Johnny wllj
never be any good, they would be neare;
the truth. Th* old and the young, the
black and the white, the hardened ol
fender and the novitiate are all thrown
indiscriminately together, and teach a con
dition cannot but be productive of evil
results, i don't care how pure the bay
may be, he will leave prison with con
tagion he did not take in with him, for ha
cannot help but assimilate some of tha
Infectious moral germs rampant in sucb
an environment.
"In tha first place we would do well to
remind ourselves that all men in prison
are not criminals. A great majority of
them are young men. who through' want,
temptation, opportunity or drink, have, we
might say, inadvertently wandered into
prison. But taking them as airhole, I would
say that the effect is bad, very bad. Our
ablest authorities upon penology admit
that our prisons fail of their purpose, in
asmuch as they do not accomplish the
desired result, i. e., the reformation of the
criminal and the protection of society. Of
course society is protected while the
man Is In prison, but "when he leaves he
Is very apt to be more clever and desper
ate.
"I have often been asked what ef
fect does confinement have upon crimin
als."
not he was sincere in bis reformation.
they kept him under surveillance as much
as possible. He entered into his new
work with a zest. The pictures, on this
page for which he posed to illustrate his
sermons when he first appeared in the
pulpit last January show the startling
contrasts in his career. Before the cam
era he showed how Quickly he could/
transform himself from a pulpit orator
to a burglar— "the genuine second-story
worker," as he was pleased to identify
the character— by simply tying a blaclc
handkerchief over his face, turning up hU
coat collar and pulling down the brim of
his soft felt hat. The metamorphosis was
terrifylngly complete and convincing.
About two months ago the burglaries
became most numerous, and the police
were ordered to take extra precautions.
Thus matters stood when one night Po
liceman H. B. Braig saw two women on
Geary street wearing raglans that fitted
the description of property stolen in a
recent burglary. The identification was
complete enough to justify instant arrest,
but Braig shrewdly suspecting that the
two women were only part of the gang,
risked the chance of losing all of them
by shadowing them along the brightly
lighted streets, attired as he was in full
uniform.
The developments of the next few min
utes proved that Braig was right in his
suspicions. The two women were joined
by two men and the chase led down Powell
street and by devious ways south of
Market street, to tha house at 835A How
ard street, which the whole party entered
by a rear door on Tehama street.
Feeling sure of his quarry now. Braig
did not take any chance of losing them
by trying to win the glory of a lone
handed arrest. He called Policemen T. C.
Murphy, C. D. Staples. C. F. Skelly and
E. W. Eskew, and had them keep th«
house surrounded while he entered the
place.
As he had expected, there was a wild
rush to escape as soon as he knocked on
the door, but no matter which way Kins.
Barker and his wife and sister turned,
they were confronted by a policeman
armed and waiting. After all four were
handcuffed, the house was searched and
the plunder of several burglaries wua
found concealed In one of the rooms-
Later, Hamilton, in scanty attire was
caught as he tried to escape from a closet.
With these arrests the Ions series at
burglaries ceased, and now the cas<9 awaits
upon the final trial to prove which is
right— the church or the state. •
So far as the difference in opinion in
the church goes, however. King in his
sermon wrought Ingeniously in his own
defense. In on* of his sermons be said:
THE SUNDAY CALL
13
MORAL OF THE PRECHER
CONVICT'S
LAST DOWNFALLSlobbs— Are you troubled with your
eyes.
Blobbs— What did you think I was going
to wear them for— bunions?— Philadelphia
Record.
"If you don't quit eating so much, Wil
lie, you will be sick." "Won't it be time
enough to quit then?"— Indianapolis News.
"Why do men flock after the widows?'"
"Because," explained the sweet "young
thing, not without a touch of bitterness,
"the average man Jacks confidence in his
own juugment, anil in thf case ofawMow
he feels that he r -is merely backing the
judgment of another man."— Modern So
ciety.
Madge— She says she would rather be a
brunette than a" blonde. Marjorie— She
ought to know. She's been both.— New-
York Sun.
"Wasn't that an. odd thing for the minis
ter to pay just ¦¦ as we were leaving?"
asked the Chicago bridegroom of his
bride. '\ don't think I noticed what' he
Blobbs— I shall have to wear glasses.
"My wife says she wishes I would learn
to play poker," said Bliggins. "I thought
ehe objected." "No; she says she wishes
I would either learn or quit trying."—
Washington Star.
Husband— How did you suspect that I
had beer drinking? Wife— By your polite
manner.— Detroit Free Press.
"Are you coming down?" "Yes!" "Well,
hurry up!"— Punch.
said." replied the bride; "what was it?"
"He invitod us to come again." "Oh,
that was just ordinary politeness. He al
ways does my marrying.."— Detroit Free
Pressi
Casey— Don't say, "I ain't .done/noth
in'." " Cassidy— Phwy ¦ not? Casey—Be
kase that's not good English. Cassidy—
Nayther am I.— Philadelphia Press.
First Suburbanite— I spent $50 on seed
this spring. Second Suburbanite— Did you
get results? '.'Yes, my chickens are too
fat to walk."— Philadelphia Record.
He (after listening to her playing— I
should think you would get one of those
attachments to the piano. She— Why?
"Any one can play that."— Detroit Free
Press.
Mistress (after heated discussion with
argumentative cook)— Are you the mis
tress of this house? Cook— No, ma'am, I
ain't, but— Mistress (triumphantly)—
Then don't talk. like an idiot!— Punch.
"What did Naighbol) say when you told
'mmmmmm PICKED HERE; THEI^mE"" EVERYWHERE
To build our little musical instrument we
need a common but clean cigar box. We
Insert little tacks in both length sides at
even distances, as shown in illustration.
Span thin wire from tack to tack across
the top of the cigar box and push a
sharp-cornered smooth piece of wood
(A— B) under the wires to the left of the
top. To get the correct scale we push
small squares of wood under each wire
and move them to and fro until the har
mony is reached.
All we need now .are two thin staffs of
wood, with a cork (C) on one of the ends,
and after a little practice we can show
(so we hope) very satisfactory results.
The holes In the nuts are best bored
with the help of a redhot piece of wire to
avoid breaking the walls of the nuts.
Place the walnut with its pointed and ma
the cork of a bottle, whereby th» urbol*
system will be balanced. Pour a t***
stream of water in the walnut; the water
will run through the Ions pieces of the
straw and the hazelnuts, coming out of
the two small pieces of straw. Hereby
the whole apparatus will com© to a turn
ing motion, as the water exercises a
pressure on the side of the hazelnut lying
opposite the opening of the small pieces
of straw.
For the performance of this experiment
we need a straw, a walnut and two hazel
nuts.- Part of the broad end of the wal
nut is cut off and the contents removed.
Near the pointed end two holes are bored
of the diameter of the straw. In each of
the two hazelnuts- two holes are bored, as
shown in illustration, and the contents of
the nuts are carefully removed with the
help of a nutpicker. Both hazelnuts are
connected with the walnut by two pieces
of straw of even length (about thres
inches), as shown in illustration. In the
side holes of trie hazelnuts two pieces of
straw of one inch length are stuck.
below, with the simple request to find
the "Turkish Girl's Sweetheart."
Sweethearts are not always easy to
find, but then this case is a little dif
ferent, although it may puzzle you at
first. Now, all attention! Turn the
picture over until the upper part of
it becomes the base and then look at
the scarf as it hangs upside down to
the left of the girl and there you will
see the sweetheart just as plain as
life. He has* a high forehead, a
Dewey mustache, a flashing eye. and
p. slight attempt at a goatee. Try the
others and see how well you can do.
BELOW are six fascinating puz
zle pictures iJpon which you
can test your cleverness of eye
Did you try those of last week, and
also those in the first installment that
appeared two Sundays ago? If you
cid you already know how much fun
there is to be had in spending a littlo
time on them. They r.re all just as
simple as. can be^-that is, when you
havo discovered the missing picture
and have nothing to do but to sit and
watch the other fellow try his hand
at the game. Look at the one directlv
MORE INTERESTING PUZZLES.
penetrate every particle of it. After three
or four minutes the contents of the ege
will apparently be hard, so that the egg
can be opened and pressed as hard-boiled.
It goes without saying that the egg is not
warm, as the alcohol has only made the
white solid. The egg does not taste bad
only strongly of alcohol.
Open a raw egg a little xm both ends to
allow some of the white to run out. Take
first-class alcoholof high percentage and
pour it in the openings. Close the two
openings with your fingers, as shown in
illustration, or with little pieces of wax;
shake the egg well, so the alcohol can
BQTU AN EGG WITHOUT FIRE
cl °s ed - . Then place the hair in the hand,
Z «! J? e no i In such a position as shown
in figure, and close the hand.
thA fHntV 118 the h / ndl a S aIns * the knee
n™n ?»? t • aused bv th e hitting will
open the knot so far that a pin can be
alto?et£er7 * IS W tO ° pen the * n °*
To open a knot made from human hair
£ be difflcult for even Alexander,
who opened the Gordian knot. It seems
?h? r« U> , lndeed - open such a knot in
*5ii«^F 5« way > but lt Is e&s y when the
following directions are given: Wet the
left hand near the little finger where a
groove appears when the hand is being
A KNOT DIFFICULT TO OPEN THE SPINNING WATER WHELL
"I SEE A RACCOON." WHERE IS TTP
FIND THE TURKISH GIRL'S SWEETHEART.
"COME HERE, UGHTPOOT." WHERE IS THE DOGf
FIND THE SEAGULL THE BOY IS TRYING TO SNAPSHOT.
WHO IS GOING TO THE WOMAN'S RESCUE P
"ATT1JTIE, DO YOU SEE THE EIB25P" WHERE IS ITf
the Sunday call.
TO MAKE A LITTLE MUSTCAL INSTRUMENT
him you wanted to marry his daughter?"
"He didn't absolutely refuse, but he im
posed a very severe condition." "What
was/ it?" "He said he would -see me
hanged first."— Pearson's Weekly.
Stinger— Oh, well, I suppose you regard
me as a perfect 'fool. Beck— My dear fel
low, I have long. ago given up looking for
perfection in this imperfect world. — Bos
ton Transcript.
Judge— Have I not seen you twice be^
fore under the influence of liquor? De-
fendant— If you were in that condition,
your Honor, you probably did see me
twice.— Philadelphia Press.
"How's this?" asked the customer in
the bookstore- "Last week the prices on
Bacon and Lamb were only $1 23 and now
you have marked them up to $3." "Well,
you see," explained the bookseller, "since
the meat trust began cornering sup
plies " But the customer hurried away
to secure matinee tickets for "A Texas
Steer" before the prices went up at the
theater also.— Baltimore American.
PUZZLE PICTURES
CAN YOU SOLVE THEM?
14
HOME MAGIC¦•¦•.. over her J shoulders.' Her, headdress was
r. the; sensation of: the ' evening. » As one aii
mirer- expressed 'It,- "She. was a replica of.
\ ¦ the bridein the famous picture, The Rus
-\Elan -Marriage Feast.'." . •¦ - ... . -
• > • "This ¦ picturesque Idea -¦ of . the Countess
• Casslnl.' has caught the .'smart -people of
s& this city,, and headdress parties are,' In
: .consequence, quite. inJvpgue. >Ladies are
...vying with..- each' other - to discover, the
most-!startllng. and ' becoming • headgear.
: . The ..photographs /shown: to-day are by
•way of .: suggesting', to 'those who are con
-templatlng" -giving or ? attending a head
*-: dress, party >-; .,¦;.:, "•.; .
52 • Tkliss .. Helga Howard, who - posed for the
j pictures, resembles '.the ..Countess Cassinl
"-to a degree.' jf Her Russian - b ride headgear
gives a very good;ldea of the picturesque
• effect'ef-the-Wa»hington belle's clever
conception.- -. , ; . "
An Indian princess coiffure Is exceeding
ly simple to arrange and most startling
and dramatic in result The hair is parted
not exactly In the middle, but squaw fash
ion, a trifle on one side, smoothed and
brushed down without a suspicion of
wave. A scarf of brilliant silk Is bound
tightly and severely around the head. This
forms a support for the feather which
towers above the head at the back in true
Indian fashion.
The Du Barry snood worn by Mrs. Les
lie Carter la destined to bo a great favor
ite for summer wear, not only at head
dress parties proper, but also at dances
and receptions. It 13 particularly appro
priate for girlish faces, and Is easily made
of two strands of twisted ribbon going
half way about the head and finished
at each end with a tiny chou or rosette.
The square mortar board effect of a. Ro
man peasant's cap lends itself with
charming results to certain types of faces.
It may be fashioned from a Roman sash
or a square of vivid silk, carefully folded,
and stiffened with a bit of paper or crino
line. With' it the hair Is worn In two
Ions braids. •
Blanche Bates showed us In "Under Two
Flags" the fascinating possibilities of a
fez. If; you have a father, brother or
sweetheart In the Mystic Shrine, borrow
his fez.- incrust it with jewels and leaves
of cloth of gold; and wear it to a head
dress party. You will make a hit.
Should you wish something rather more
mythological In effect try adorning your
loosely flowing tresses with grapes and
leaves, a la Bacchante, or autumn, or
daughter of the vine. Poppies and>wfieat
are also very effective used In ar'careless
wreath fashion, while a garland of old
time button roses is positively charming
on a blonde head.
A huge Alsatian bow makes & remark
ably stunning background If it la Titanic
enough in proportion. A small Alsatian
makes no effect whatever.
The possibilities of the Egyptian yash
mak are 'limitless. In all ages woman has
understood the coquettish value of veil- jj
Ing. No diatribes of physicians can Induce
her to '.forego so formidable a weapon. The
alluring and'- repelling forces of veiling,
the concealing and revealing of illusion
. and lace are too thoroughly understood by
the sex. They, need -no recommendation.
The yashmak can be very cleverly simu
lated by the turban-llke swathings of lace
around the head and shoulders. But the
softest, finest, sheerest silk illusion should
b« employed to veil the chin, llpa and tip
of the nose, leaving only I the- eyes of the
wearer to get In their deadly work.
/¦yOl'XTESS CASSIXI. niece of the
f / Russian Enjbassador, is nothing if
I /^ not startling' "and novel in her en
\lj tertainments. All Washington is
\^ continually agog over this pictur
esque young woman's audacious
and fantastic ideas.
Quite recently the Countess inaugurated
an original function. She gave a dinner
to her young women friends,, the belles of
Washington's smartest set, stipulating in
her invitations that each guest should
wear, in sharp contrast to modern dinner
gowns a fantastic headdress.
At this function the beautiful hostess
herself appeared wearing the towering
headdress of a Russian bride, made of sil- .
ver cloth, thickly sewn with pearls. Long
loops of pearls made an admirable setting
for her Slav beauty, and the thick massive
braids of her luxuriant hair were entwined
with the same milky gems. From the
lofty crown a veil of. silver tissue floated
HEAD
DRESS
PARTIES
NOW THE VOGUE
IN SMART SOCIETYTHE SUNDAY CA^L;
16BILL. FOR GOODS OBTAINED
BY,: FRAUD . AND FORGED
. STATEMENT." :•¦,•.¦•;/ .'
. Tlie goods ' were ; paid for . by
the State, but the money was ob
tained from the treasury^"by,,for
gery and fraud. A bill purport
ing to be for. cloth for [convicts'
clothing was forged by the | con
vict' clerks^ certified to by .•Corn.-,
'missary: 'Foley. • and . Warden
Aguirre. and'- foisted upon tl|e
prison, directors, ; the | State Board
'troller;-. '• ':¦'¦)-.:.; .c'\\ y '-. ': '..*'•:',''¦'.!
• The; money obtained; by^ the
forged -bill /sent 1 to Sacramento
was used \ 0 pay^ for-' the r articles
that were,:' ordered on:: July 9^
1901: ,^In (: the at San
Quentin prisoiV ; is, the bill of July
¦9, - receipted for : by'Iieyi' Strauss
Board of Examiners.
Gage is the beneficiary.
In justice to tHe^ unfortunate
convicts who have been -used by
the San Quentin ring to forge
bills and records, arid .falsify
books, The Call refrains from
mentioning their names. -The
convicts were forced by prison
officials to perform the work and
commit crime, otherwise their
lot would be of the hardest kind!
• It required the of men
convicted of forgery and fraud to
carry out the details of the plot!
That is why Aguirre used the
services of the convicts who
keep the books of the commis
sary, department, while Francis
Foley has posed as a mere fig
urehead of- the same. Foley is
an old man, who sits in an office
thair. while the convict, clerks
vork upon -the books and rec
ords, committing forgeries/and
friuds at the instigation of their
guardians.
In July of last year the firm of
Le\t Strauss & Co. of this city
shipped a bill of goods to San
Quentin' prison. The articles
were not ordered on a requisition
blank\ b'ut ,i were ordered by word
of' month. . The parties "who or-
By the use of coriyicts,
skilled ihthe work of for^t
ingf/documents, a forced
statement was mailed from
Warden Aguirre?s office to
the State officials at Sac
pamento. The statement
was pasted -to; a; billhead
of Levi Strauss &C6., cut
f pom one of theip genuine
bills. Itf piippopted to ;tie
goods by .
carried out.
-fraud was . cleverly
" The matin er in which '• the
members ' of the ; San Quentin
ring of went [ to work to
defraud the State and obtain
& Co. on September 1 7, 1 90 1 . -
-At the time that the-; goods
were . ordered from Levi A Strauss
& Co. members of the Gover
nor V family were guests o£ War
aen Aguirre at Sari Quentin. A
son 1 of Governor Gage called at
the office .of 'Commissary - Foley
and inquired if the goods had ar
rived. He was informed thaV the
articles .had not 'reached the
prison: The .next the goods
arrived,- . and were opened,
checked - at. the commissary and
sent to the Warden's house. . A
Defrauded the State.
Herewith facts and figures,
compiled from the public rec
ords at Sacramento and San
Quentin prison, are presented,
as a sample of the criminal plot
that implicates -Warden Aguirre
and of which Governor Henry T.
The work' of investigation by\
The Call has taken many months,
and to present all the evidence
secured would require many edi
tions of this newspaper;
Convict Forgers Used.
In accusing Warden Martin G.
Aguirre and other officials of the
prison as being the instigators of
the criminal plot, The Call this
morning presents proof of their
deep guilt, and also shows that
Governor Gage and his : family
were ..the beneficiaries ..of
Agnirre's felonious acts. A
/N charging that the finan
cial affairs of San Quentin
prison are in the hands of a
corrupt ring and that its
members have been guilty of
fraud, deception, obtaining goods
by false pretenses, falsification of
records and other crimes, includ
ing forgery, The Call is fully pre
pared to prove its assertions.
These goods were delivered
to .Warden Aguirre's house and
by the aid of convict clerks- the
transaction was covered up in
;the books of the prison and> a
forged bill foisted, upon the
Prison Directors and the State,
1 The goods were duly shipped
to . San Quentin prison and
charged to the penitentiary ; ac
count. . .: .
The . good^s . shipped by Levi
Strauss & Co. on July 9, 1901 ,* to
San. Quentin prison were as fol
lows: .
2 Pc. Peq. 44. blue. S8tf . . .^$2 32 $20 T4
1 Pride of .'West.. 60. ..."....C.iz 00 8 28
. j. •- ..¦•-•. . _ ¦ . ....__. •. _ .
2_Tc5cels ............;....... Z 00 ; 6 66
2 Toweli .':.........'..'...;,... 6 50 ,' 13 00
4 Towels ...........¦...;...'... 3 25 ' ' 13 00
2 Doylies ". ............;... * 80 1 60
3 Doylies 2 60 7 50
1 Damask. 28 ............... 85. ;24 01.
1 Crash. 50 ................. 12% 6 25
U, N'.jhtahlrt* ' 8 60 4 25
«4;Nlght*>hlrti« "............... 15 CO • 7 60
' ''"-" '. ' ¦;.¦-'- 'f. . -u ;¦ . \. : \- ¦.'-¦¦¦
¦ Total ....;..... .................... $112 13
Foisted Forged Bilk
dered the goods were not offi
cials of San Quentin prison,' but
were ladies related to, Warden
Aguirre.
and third items that appear on
the forged statement. The origi
nal bills of the shipping firm and
their books show that the second
item was one for $13286. On
the forged statement the true
amount was reduced by 7 cents.
This was done in order that the
forgers at San , Quentin might
balance accounts.
The bill of goods for towels,
.^doylies, table cloths and night
shirts was for $112 13, and it was
covered upon the forged state
ment By an item of 7 cents
larger.'
The State Board of Examin
ers and the Prison Directors
would never have passed a bill
for. night shirts and costly towels !
and table cloths, and they were
deceive~d' fyy the forged docu
ment purporting to be for au
thorized prison clothing.
On September 12, 1901, the-
State Comptroller was instructed
to pass a number of accounts for*
San Quentin prison. These inr
eluded the forged statement for
$391 ¦ 81. Among the checks .
drawn on . September 14, 1901,
This forged documenr was
certified to as 'being correct by
Commissary Francis Foley and
)Varden Aguirre. ¦ , ¦
. The first item in.- the. bill for
$11220" was never shipped by
Levi Strauss & Co., and there is
no record of it on their books or
on the stock books of the* prison.
The forged item was put in the
statement "under instruction- by
a convict -clerk of Warden
Aguirre to cover upthe- purchase
of the • bill of goods of July 9,
1901, for $112 13, -jvvhich in
cluded, costly towels, doylies/ ta
ble cloths, dress goods and. night
shirts, by forgery and
fraud for the benefit of Governor
Gage and his family.
Levi Strauss & Go. did sell to
San Quentin prison . the second
for authorized prison sup
plies and was as follows:.
Contract: ¦ '
July 1. 1001—' / -
S. P. casslmere. 116T4 • .06c $112 20
July 0. 1901—
1 bale S. P. Flannel. 474tf 2Sc 132 79
July 18. 1901— . /
2 bales S. P. Flannel, 524% • • '- 146 82
Total ;... $381 81
Continued on Page Nineteen.
bMmmmmaammaam*kmMmmiemtWiMiam&£l}
Governor Gage and Friends Enjoy Luxuries
Criminally Secured From State by Aid
of Convicts Employed as Bookkeepers
AGUIRRE CERTIFIES TO FORGED BILLS
AND OBTAINS GOODS BY GROSS FRAUDS
The San Francisco Call.
Pages 17 to 28
Pages 17to28
/N presenting proof of some of ' the criminal acts of the ring that controls the financial affairs (of San Quentin, prison The 'Call asks for an immediate investigation of its charges by the State-Board of Prison Directors. \* -^
Warden M. G. Aguirrc last evening telegraphed from Los 'Angeles to Ms brother, J.A. Aguinc, the,, acting Warden of the prison, stating that any-ciiisen of California is welcome to an inspection of the prison records and ask"
ing that The Call fix the time for such inspection. ... \\i- / % **'"[,"• •* j -*. "7" '¦*.,',.» -¦.' -~/? \ v \. .'¦¦..'<. -.- -i
The Call has nopoiver to fix the time^for an investigation. That matter rests .with the Board of '¦' Prison'- Djra:tors f '\and. when 'those 'oM-cials order an investigation The Call will be fully prepared to prove its charges and at
the same time furnish convincing proof that Warden Aguirrc and other officials of San Quentin -prison have been guilty 'of obtaining goods' by fraud and forgery and tacit Governor Gage and his friends have been the beneficiaries of crime.
Not until The Call had exposed the scandal at San Quentin prison did Warden Aguirre consent to a tlwrpujj^ two days representatives of this paper, were denied access to. certain docu
ments by Acting Warden J. A. Aguirre. On Friday, when an order was prcscntcd-to the °f tne P^yon board, authorizing The Call's representatives to see all the records of the prison, the
order was treated with contempt. Acting Warden Aguirre refused to produce the records and stated .that he must \telegraph to his brother, the Warden, for permission. - ( ¦ j
Warden Aguirre did not answer the telegram and no word was received from him until the piiblicationby The Call. of its charges. ~ * j
WARDEN SAYS RECORDS MAY ON M BE INSPECTED WHEN HE IS PRESENT.
Hotisehold Articles and Personal Apparel
Guise of Authorized Prison Subplies
VOLUME XCI-NO. 176.
SAN FBANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1902— FORTY PAGES.
PRICE FIVE ' CEI5TS.Victim of Guatemala Temblor.
SANTA. CRUZ.' , May, 24.— Mrs.: Skinner
of this city -has - received ¦ news ' that • her
> Sustained as has been the 'building era for
several years, the, past few months have
pcllpsed all records, and th« result Is a demand
for carpenters to largely In excess of the sup
ply that' it constitutes a most serious problem.
Several hundred more experienced .builders
could' and , -would be .put ; at; ti-ork at once If
they could be found. There. are scores of • un-
Rkllled workmen employed in building: aijd they
are. drawing carpenters' wages because. of the
bhortase. ,¦ " . ' • • ... .: ¦
LOS ANGELES. May 24.— The Times to
morrow will . print an exhaustive sum
mary' of the prosperous state of Los An
geles industrial affairs.' On i the . subject
of building* operations and the scarcity of
labor it says: .' « .. ¦¦ ..'„.
Great Scarcity of Skilled
:i>£y£>>; : 'Labor.' v:-
Lbs Angeles Builders Complain of ths
DEMAND FOR CARPENTERS .
IN EXCESS OF SUPPLY
. The Chinese -was arrested and fined $30.
Having no money sentence was suspended
and he was driven out of town. In the
future Chinese will be barred from Whit
ney. ¦ ,' . • • •
I! TACCMA. May: 24.i-Excitement was at
fever heat at Whitney, Or., on Thursday,
arid » hanging was narrowly averted. The
young daughter of a prominent citizen
was. attacked on the street by a Chinese
armed with "a large butcher knife. The
men* of. the town pursued the Chineso'and
after a long chase succeeded in capturing
him. A rope was placed around his neck
and the other cud thrown over the limb
of a tree. Just; as he was about to be
pulled up. the constable arrived and stop
,ped the proceedings. , ¦ • • -
Men of an Oregon-Town Try to Harder
Chinese Who Attacked a
/White Girl.
ARRIVAL OF CONSTABLE
• . PREVENTS A LYNCHING
GIVE. LITTLE CREDENCE
.TO THEORY OF STJICID2
Relatives and Friends of Ernest G.
Brown in Healdsburjir Mystified
> by His Death.
IIEALDSBURG. May 24.— Mr. and Mrs
Judson Brown, the parents of Ernest G
Brown, wlio is-supposed to have commit
ted suicide in San Francisco on Thurs
day morning, do not believe that theii
son killed himself. They say there was
absolutely ho reason for the act. Thi
youngr man was in no financial difficulty
He owns a residence in this city, and his
home life was always pleasant. He was
not addicted to the use of strong drink.
llealdsburp: residents who know th«
young man scout the idea of suicide and
believe there is a part, of the story tha:
remains untold. y
The body wa3 brought* to this city la«:
night and the funeral will take place to
morrow morning under the auspices o;
Court Sotoyomc No. ¦ H& Foresters o;
America, of which Brown was a member
Goldberg 1 Takes His Seat.
NAPA, May. 21.— Max Goldberg, the San
Francisco politician', who was recently
appointed a manager 'for the -Napa asy
lum, took his seat, at a meeting of the
board to-day. Nothing unusual "marked,
the proceedings.. W. . V. Staff ord did not
put in aii appearance to officially take his
seat.
Wheaton Will Retire.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— Major Gen.
cral Lloyd • "Wheaton, who is about t«
start homo from the Philippines, will b«
retired July 13 next by operation of law
on account of age. It was merely to glv«
him a short. vacation. before the close o:
his active military career that ho was
relieved from • command of the Depart
ment of North Philippines.
SAX JOSE, May 24.— From reports that havt
come in from various parts of the valley. th«
fruit crop will be up to the average and in ex
cesa of that of last year.
Prosecuted for Blasphemy.
BERLIN. May_24.— The Saxon Govern
ment is prosecuting a .Leipslc . pubtlsher
named Diedrlches for blasphemy and de
faming churchly institutions through the
publication of Count Tolstoi's answer to
the Holy Synod's excommunication. The
indictment includes the translator direct
or. Lowenfeld. of the Schiller Theater.
Berlin. The prosecution has aroused in
dignation and caused a movement look
ing to the abolition of the blasphemy 1
SANTA CRUZ, May 24.— Most of the in
candescent lights were off duty in Santa
Cruz 'to-night, for the reason that the Big
Creek Company has ceased to supply the
Electric Light and Power Company with
power, as the former has entered the field
itself. The Electric Light and Power
Company has a plant that has lain idle
for some years, but it will now -be -put
into use. The competition will result in
cheap lights.
Shuts Off Electric Power.
stepdaughter, Mrs. Kildare. formerly -re
siding here, was killed during the earth
quake in Guatemala by falling walls while
trying to escape from her house. ' 'Her
two children were saved.'
After an early dinner, a drive of four
miles was taken through the orange
groves to the north and east of the town.
From the heights of the Frost orchards
a charming view was had of the town
and»,the groves surrounding it. Th»
Williams grove of 110 acres oC Washing
ton navels, six years old. one of the
most beautiful young orchards - In the
State, and others equally beautiful,
though smaller, were visited, • until the
excursionists had a generous conception
of Portervllle's 1500 acres of citrus fruita.
In the evening the Porterville band
played in front of the hotel and at 8
o'clock a reception was held In Ackerman
Hall: J. F. Boiler, for Mayor Mentz. wel
comed the visitors and A. H. Vail re
sponded! A musical programme followed.
The hall was bright with floral decora
tions, arranged by the women of Porter
ville, and each excursionist was provided
with an orange blossom boutonniere. "
The party will go to Dlnuba to-morrow
morning and will be. driven thence across
country to the Santa Fe at Sultana At
the request oMhe Fresno Board of Trade,
a stop of three hours will be made In
Fresno, and the party will continue bv
the regular Santa Fe limited instead of
the special train, as first intended, ah-1
will reach San Francisco at 7:20 o'clock
on Monday morning.
F. E. Woodley and G. R. Lumley. The
Board of Trade as a whole, consisting of
•seventy members, acted as a reception
committee '
' May It *erre to remind others of our affection
for our professors, of our gratitude to th»
foundrr*. who have eo wl«]y and so generously
placed the means of education within the
reach of all, and of our loyalty to Stanford
Claeemates, some of you I may hsver «e«
a-gain. May your future yearn be ' fllted' with
sweetness from these past four, and slnfce to
be truly loved is more than, all the brilliancy
of empty honors, may the. years to come be as
Accept, therefore, on behalf of the unlver
fjty, this nJate, bearing tb* numerals of our
class, as a memorial that may *erve to recall to
$"°,?i.5 n . er * e arc * one our appreciation of jour
faithfulness toward uh. £vo
May It serve to remind you.*Prasident Jordan,
of our regard for you. It Is not In mere com
pliance with custom that, in behalf of ¦ the
clase. I tender you our .sincere gratitude tor
your helpful and sympathetic relations with us
in the, yep ra now cloning. In a university of
these numbers It Is impossible that there should
be frequent personal contact between president
and individual student, but ever *lnee vour
warm word* of welcome and eounsel, given up
when we first assembled here, down to the
present moment, we have felt that In you we
had an accessible friend and adviser who took
a vital Interest In us. • -'¦
We leave this plate, not in a spirit of boast
fulnexs, but simply as a tablet laid in the en
during pavement to remind others of the ptrt
we have played.
After the reading of the will, the crowd
strolled, from the chapel across the
"quad" to the Memorial Church. A' block
of cement had been removed from the
pavement in front of the church and the
'02 bronze plate was laid in place.
Herbert C: Jones, intercollegiate debat
er and class orator, delivered the presen
tation address at the plato laying and
President Jordan" responded, accepting
the plate in the name of the university.
The presentation speech was full of deep
feeling and well expressed, the sentiments
of Mr. Jones" classmates'. Said he: ¦
LAYS THE '02 PLATE.
The class will, composed by R. J. 1 Stcr
rett, was read by R. A. Hamilton. It was
written In a remarkably witty -vein and
its personal allusions provoked continual
laughter. . ¦> _ ..
The four rears of our college life are ended;
the last lecture is over; the last "ex" has been
taken; our days as undergraduates are num
bered. The years we have spent here have been
wonderful ones. We saw the ground broken
for the library and the assembly hall and saw
the massive arch builded stone bv stone. We
have watched the Memorial Church as It grew
from its very foundations to a completed
whole. And In after years, when the magnifi
cent outer quadrangle enclose* the Inner we
*hall remember all these things.- and, remem
bering, feel ourselves both a part of the new
and a part of the old university— a part of the
old when we think that in our first days there
wae no arch, no church, no outer quadrangle.
Just the "quad." with Its memories and asso
ciations coming down from pioneer days; &
part of the new when we realize that it waa
during our college life that new. deeds were
wrought, new plans conceived and a greater
university begun.
CLASS HISTORY READ.
The address by the class president was
followed by the reading of the history of
"'03" by Miss M. E. McDougald, the class
historian. The history was cleverly writ
ten and Miss McDougald was frequently
interrupted by the applause of the as
sembled Students. She said in closing:
Seniors are thought to appreciate most high
ly their own feRrivities. but in this we are
greatly handicapped. It is not possible for us
to ignore altogether the fact that this week Is
the la«t of our college life — a life which has
many pleasant, as well as unpleasant, associa
tions connected with It. During these few days
that are lett we must bid a lingering farewell
to all the old familiar places about which ao
many pleasant memories have grown up. We
must also say good-by to professors and in
structors and to our closest friends and associ
ates. Our impressions of Stanford University
as we shall leave it have been given up by these
people, and it Is with rtgret that we shall leave
them. But we have every confidence in- the
future of our alma, mater and we are glad to
know that the men to whom this future is In
trusted are worthy of that confidence.
In behalf of the seniors I welcome you to
this eleventh annual commencement. Whether
faculty, alumni, students, friends or sympa
thizers, you are all Invited to participate in the
enjoyment of this senior week's programme.
President Frank Hinman of the senior
class delivered the opening address.' In
part his remarks were as follows:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Hay 24.—
This was class day at Stanford— the third
day of commencement week— and the sen
ions and their friends assembled in the
chapel this morning to celebrate the oc
casion.
Special Dispatch The CalL
Stanford Seniors Lay
the '02 Plate on the:;
Q aadrangle.
EAK DIEOO. May 24.— J. G. Martin *as
badly burned last night at La Jolla by an ex
plosion of gas from a larg« oil tank he was
filling. He had lowered a lantern to see how
much oil was in the tar.k.
GIVE FAREWELL
TO ALMA MATER
BERLIN. May 24.— Seaside bathing in
Germany has hitherto required careful
separation of men and women. The au
thorities of the various resorts, at a con
vention Just held, have decided to make
German bathing more attractive by per
mitting the use of a common beach, thus
getting German patronage which hitherto
has been going to popular Belgian and
French resorts. The lighter weeklies are
making fun of German prudery.
German Rise Against Prudery.
To-night the senior reception occurred
in Encina Hall. The pleasure of the even-
Ing was marred by the refusal of Man
ager .Charles G. Lathrop to al.low the hall
to be used for dancing. Lathrop has fur
ther decreed that the senior bal\ on Mon
day night shall not last after 12 o'clock,
if given in Encina.-' The students." partic
ularly the seniors,, are very indignant at
this action. It has .been customary here
tofore for the senior ball to last past the
midnight hour. The ball committee will
decide either on giving the dance in San
Jose or in beginning it at the absurdly
early hour of 6 o'clock. Probably the
latter course will be adopted. •
He recalled a few memories of recep
tions tendered him by Stanford men and
women whom he had met by chance in
foreign lands. The plate was': formally
accepted and the exercises closed with
the singing of the "Plate Song," written
by Miss Hazel Hope Webster, '02.
"The world. is not large ¦ enough," said
President Jordan, "for Stanford men to
be lost or the Stanford spirit to be hid
den." ' • *-*.. :
In response President Jordan* spoke' of
what the plates represented to him—
"each one representing 200, more or less,
of young men and women full of force
that will make them in the future."
DR. JORDAN'S RESPONSE:
full of affection as these hare been. From the
bottom of my heart I wish you godspeed. ' \
Progress of Rescuers.
' T. C. Thompson, commercial manager of
the Crows Nest Coal Company, at Fernle,
said to-day:
"We expect to have most of the bodies
out by to-morrow. ,The mine ventilation
is improving hourly; fans are-. working
well and the prospects are very favorable.
There are no present indications of flre.
T. R. Stocket, general superintendent, and
Archibald Dick, Government inspector ot!
mines, are -pushing the rescue work as
rapidly as possible."
- The. expioslon was due to dust. 'A Gov
ernment inspector of mines -was. here
when It occurred. All of No','2 and the
right of No. 3 tunnel are affected. £ •'
The Inquest 1s. ad3dUrnedi fpt a week'
Gas overcomes the rescuers often. A great
corps of doctors is. working night and day.
There are many heartrending scenes: All
work and business Is suspended.
The manager of the Canadian Bank of
Commerce is treasurer of the relief fund
and to him contributions may- be sent;
The Board of Trade is organizing relief
measures for the families of the victims.
Eltven hundred dollars was contributed
on the spot. It 'will ask assistance of
the provincial Government and the largo
cities. It has also arranged to co-operate
with the coal company in any measure
of relief the latter may offer. Colonel
Prior is expected to at once obtain re
lief from the Government for the many
destitute families.
The English ..-church is being used as a
morgue, in which the bodies aro placed, in
coffins. There was a public funeral at
C o'clock this, evening. Several days will
elapse before all the bodies will have
b«**n recovered and some may never be
reached, as they are buried deep in debris.
The coal company Is arranging for the
funerals.
Church Used as Morgue.
The following is a partial list of the
dead, including most of those whose
bodies have been, recovered from the
mines. Steven Morgan, Joe Sengala, Wil
lie' Robertson, V. Johnson, J. Leadbetter.
Frank Salter. John McLeod, Thomas
Fearfull, Thomas Johnson, W. Brearley,
Joe Tulsa. John; Korman, Ronald Jone,-«,
Walter Wright. Andrew Hovan, Thomas
Glover, James Cartlulye, Owen j Homes.
W. Ferguson, M. J. Fleming. Sam Han-1.
T. Stephens. John Hughe?, John Cardiff,
James Mclntire, Harry' Wilson, George
Housby, Tony Mutzeo, William Neace,
William McPhail, John Zeolonski, T.
Fairfleld, Joseph Welsh, Amos Buck.
Rescue work is proceeding slowly on
account of the presence of gas. The report
that the mines were on lire delayed op
erations for a time yesterday, but it
proved to be incorrect. Many rooms in
the mine. have not j-et been reached. So
far forty bodies have been recovered
from the main shafts. Some were killed
by falling, rocks, some by fire and others
by afterdamp and gas. Many of- the
bodies arc badly scarred.
FERNIE, B. C. May 24.— First reports
underestimated instead of exaggerated
the extent 1 of the disaster In the Crows
Nest Coal Company's mines on ThjUra
day. It is now certain that 150 men were
killed by the explosion or succumbed to
the poisonous vapors that quickly filled
the drifts, while the. number of dead may
even exceed 175.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
rernie Board of Trade Organizes Re
lief Measures and Will^ Appeal
to the Government \
for Aid. '. \
PORTERVILLE'S WELCOME.
At Porterville the party was met > by
a cc.mmlttee on general arrangements—
J. W. Davis, E. L.. Scott. A. S.. Mapes,
The excursion car, which had been run
down from Exeter, was freighted with
bouquets by the women of Lindsnv. A.t
4 o'clock the train left for Porterville, the
visitors giving three cheers for their
Lindsay hosts.
The early hours of the afternoon were
spent in a drive to the groves south of
Lindsay. A visit was paid t.5 the pumping
plant of the Lindsay Water Development
Company and the 'strangers saw a stream
of water. SO.000 gallons per hour in vol
ume, gushing forth from the well's 12-inch
pipe, electricity being the lifting power.
Measured in other/ terms, the stream's
volume was about 157 miner's inches. A
hundred miner's inches is sufficient here
to Irrigate BOO acres, v '
The Lindsay citizens were ready for the
excursionists when the carriages arrived.
Among those who helped make the visit
pleasant were Charles J. Carle, H; W.
Dockham. George F. Whltmore, Dwfght
Whitmore, Basil. Prior and. R. M. Gra
ham. Luncheon was served in the hotel,
the dining room of which was a bower of
blossoms. A short speech of welcome was
made by II. W. Dockham, Pditor of the
Lindsay Gazette, and A. H. Vail respond
ed, relating a few stories for which Gen
eral Barnes has begun to apologize and
expressing the appreciation of the visitors
for the reception accorded them.
. The Bonnie Brae tract of 70Q acr.es has
some fdar-iintlM^ of dement flumlng.'* The
water^has/jto be pumped to the, heights
by >;lectric power, some of' it being lifted
500 feet. George Frost., the former River
side grower, has 'a large grove in ' this
tract. When the Mount Whitney power
plant was established on the. Kaweah
River, a magic wand was waved ove.r-this
region of sheep pastures that caused the
desert , to become an oasis. Pumping
plants with electric power are owned by
many of even the smaller growers, lift-
Ing water from a depth of forty to sixty
feet. ' ,. •.
ELECTRICITY IS UTILIZE!).
The citrus industry around Exeter and
I.lndeay ; is on an immense scale that
st&ggers one who, is familiar with ,the
five, ten and forty acre orange groves of
Southern California. The notable sight
of the morning's drive was 'the Bonnio
brae tract, two miles from Exeter. Here
700 acres, of citrus fruits, mainly oranges,
ar<5 growing. All belong to large owners.
Three hundred and twenty acres aro
owned by the Merrimans, the millionaire
lumbermen- of "Wisconsin. The groves
skirt around the sides and extend over the
top of a ridge that stretches out into the
valley, shutting off Round Valley from
the plain. The drive led over this hill,
and the view from the ranch houses, at
the summit held the excursionists spell
bound. . . ¦ _ ',;..
A half section in one orange grove, with
other-groves almost equal in size'adjoin
ing Jt.rlay at the feet of .the. -visitors.
Back of them stretched the great plain
and beyond the hills in front of them
towered the snow-capped peaks of the
Sierra. &JVJ • ¦;,.-'. ' £ .'/¦¦•'. ' . .
Starting from Exeter about 8 o'clock,
the excursionists were given a twenty
mile drive, lasting until noon and ending
at Lindsay. The latter town is but seven
miles from Exeter, but the route taken
wound southeastward, in and out along
the hills, where the fringe of orange
groves is being* widened and lengthened
j car by yedr, until the sanguine residents
see near to them in time the realization
of the dream that their groves shall rival
In beauty and expanse tne famous groves
of Riverside and Rcdlands, o£ Pomona
and Pasadena.
Exeter is eleven miles east of Visalia,
on the extreme edge of the San Joaquin
Valley. It is well known to tourists as
the railr.oad station affording the most
convenient starting point for Kings River
Canyon and all the notable Sierra attrac
tions to which the canyon is the gateway.
AMONa THE 0RA2TOE GROVES.
At Exeter the excursionists were met
by the officers and executive committee
of the local Board of Trade, of which H.
R. Stephens is president, Henry Newman
vice president, Thara Ostrander treasurer
and Fred Page secretary. The executive
committee consists I of H. R. Stephens,
C~\W Preston, D. R. Griffith, J. P.'Fire
l>augh, E. S. Balaam. B. F. Teague, J.
F. Duncan and J.- E. Buckman. Carriages
were ready, supplied in part by the Exe
ter people and the remainder by residents
of Lindsay. :
The start for Exeter was made at half
past 7 o'clock. J. F. Hixson Of Fresno,
division freight and passenger agent for
the Southern Pacific, whose care, for. the
comfort of the excursionists has left
nothing to be desired, was still in charge
of the party.
P0RTERV1LLE, , May 24.-The Tulare
Ccunty citrus .'excursion put In a busy
<lay, starting early from Visalia, whose
hospitable citizens, had done themselves
proud in the entertainment of the guests,
and traversing during the day by train
and carriages some thirty miles of orange
country. The -groves of, Exeter, Lindsay
apd Porterville were inspected with con
stantly growing admiration. . ¦
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Bodies of Forty of the Un
fortunates Are Recovered
From the Drifta
Explosion Victims Num
ber One Hundred
and Fifty.
Exeter, lands iy and Porter
ville Entertain the
- Tourists.!
Excursionists Visit the
Vast Groves of Tu
lare County.
CROWS NEST
MINES' DEATH
LIST GROWS
SPEND THE BAY
IN ORANGE BELT
THE SAN FB Ay CISCO X^L t wSUmY, MiY 25;, 1902.
18
ADVEETISSMENTS.
Save Six Per /Cent.
When you have bought your groceries
»ask for our coupons to a like amount.
We will; pay you six per cent of their fac:
value in cash. Ask for them when you
buy your hats, your clothing, your shoes
or your dry" goocls. Six Per Cent is
the savings bank interest on Two Dol-
lars for a year/ Is it not worth saving?
ay rf**' '¦ "¦
Pacific Brokeraqe to.
Spring Humors
Cause s many troubles— pimples, boils
and other eruptions, besides loss of
appetite, that . tired feeling:, fits of
biliousness, indigestion and headache. .
The way to^get rid of them and to
build up the system, that has suffered
from them ig to take
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
forming in combination/ the Spring
Medicine r par "¦;' excellency :¦'* unequaled
for purifying' the blood, as,j..shown by
radical and permanent curcsJbf . ¦-•-.
Scrofula Salt Rheum
Scald Head - ...Bolls, Pimples
Ail Kinds of Humor Psoriasis - •
Blood Poisoning Rheumatism
Catarrh "Dyspepsia, Etc.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed en
request. C, t. HOOP. CO.; Lowell, Mags.
Missouri Pacific Railway
; ', Through service^ daily to
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic-Route. New
observation caje cars.
Meals a la carte.
I Personally conducted excursions, to Kansas
City, St. l/oute." Chicago, New York, Boston
and air Eastern points. For full loformation
address .
i- >; ' L.. M. FLETCHER, v
¦ - - .. Pacific Coast Ag-ent,
¦ 1C6 California St., San Francisco, Cal. ¦••
n Favorite Prescription " has the testi-
mony of thousands of .women to its com-,
plete cufe'of fwomanly diseases. , Do not
accept an unknown and unproved sub-
stitute in its place. ' ! : v ' .,
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are a
ladies', laxative. No other .medicine
equals them for gentleness and thorough; '
neSS.",- V : ,'.V:V fc':/'/ -"¦'.' ... -TS5' -."..¦..'"'.. -'-•'.
REAL ENJOYMENT.
The woman who reads this will under-
stand to the full what Mrs. Tipton meant
when she says: - W I am enjoying good
health." It takes
a person who has
been made
wretched by sick-
ness to under-
stand the joy of
health. ,
There are very
many women who
suffer .as did Mrs.
Tipton.who might
be -cured as she
was by the use of
Dr. PierceV Fa-
vorite Prescrip-
tion. < It estab-
lishes regularity,
dries the drains
which weaken
women, heals in-
flammation and ulceration, and cures
female weakness. It makes weak women
strong, sick women well...
¦*It is with pleasure I recommend Dr. Pierce's
medicine," writes Mrs. Nora Tipton, of Cropper
(Cropper Station). Shelby Co.. Kentucky, "yon
remember my case was one of female weakness
and weak lungs. . I had no appetite and would
often spit blood ; was confined to my bed almost
half of the time and could hardly stand on my
feet at times for. the pains through my whole
body and system. • My husband had to pay large
doctor bills for me, but since I have taken four
bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov.
cry, four of ' Favorite Prescription ' and I three
vials of 5 Pleasant Pellets ' we naven't paid any
more doctor bills. It had been seven months
since I stopped using Dr. Pierce's medicines and
I have been enjoying good health all the time.
I can never praise these medicines too highly,
for I have received so much benefit. I prav that
many who suffer as I did will take Dr. Pierce'*
medicines. I am sure they will never {all- to
cure when given a fair trial. Everybody tells
me I look better than they ever saw me. I am
sure I feel better than I ever did before." ' >> '¦< <
SB. FIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
DOES YOUR BACK ACHE?
Thomas S* Rcath, President Detroit Traveler sV Club, says
Warner's SaleCure permanently cured him of kidney disease,
malaria and indigestion. A trial bottle of this great k.drey
and b.adder cure sent absolutely .ree to every reader of this
paper who suffers fromkidney,liver,&adder or blood disease.
IT'S YOUR KIDNEYS
If you have pains in the back, rheumatism, rheumatic gout, uric add poison,
diabetes Brignt's disease, dropsy, «cze ma. Inflammation of. the bladder, atone in
the bladder, torpid liver, scalding palua when you urinate; or, if a woman, faint-
ing: spells, painful periods or
>>., so-called female weakness,
t J frVliu. fliflTfflf/IJn f f f ' ' ' \ 7. '' > r our kidneys are diseased.
J jW.Wii'.. —ft j'^ffllfrffi 3 v//sy You should lose no tim« In
I lijiill H m Ti~-z/~ V#?] »1 liCrirf^ \r///s sondinigr for a free trial bottle
I in n ft i^rvKSW I iXlX *** *^ Wi,,, '1'r/TT.i.iTirr'- Safe Cure. If
| J IWF^&\ vv K W^&^///// th * free tdal - get , a Mc bottle
LJi-J^^p , \ \ • \>c4f4fi iliclM^fcVAA^ relieve you at°once and effect
it r ~~~ ) ''k^r^ \ft /* \rT%»* tt ) ) *. rmanait cure.
L\ %^AVf W "^^W 1HIS TEST WILL TELL.
HiV \fixk . /Cv^^Av^v wh V^ii^%- V". i Put some morning urine in
l\\ llHS J /V>O|>^rN w ¥/// S a glass or bottle; let it stand
\ Wh^-^J^X^r^^^^^t^J'//^ ' *z^z=x— -_. for twenty-four hours. If
lllflf /"*^>a sS^Uf r* ~~ contains a reddish brick-dust
HfllB f >V^VyJUTVJ^* W - sediment, or if particles of
Jj'l I J I * f it " ** w germs float about In it, your
[jjjl f F 1 ill m kidneys are diseased, and
W&W Ba/I \ 1(1 [~ I I - you should begin to take
\VS~iJn It \ if III "Warner's Safe Cure to arrest
TllwlnvL 11 II \'~Yu I III a - M thcee unnatura - 1 conJi-
gSj^^^^B*: f It \ ' 1 fflj No. 1S4 Piopclle. Street. De-
r-'^^^^^Ty^l^aRiteSB^Sink. fl ' 'I I 1 1 I " trolt, Michigan, November
"Z^^j^^^j^SSSSS&HSB^BeS I -— Gentlemen: A year ago T
* ."* jT_ r ¦ IT! i '!?V** *^* a *^g. 1 » ad a bad attack of malaria,
- ' AM i .~^W^ . . which affected my kidneys—
in iact my entire system. I
WARN ER'S SAFE! CJLJ RE
was troubled with excruciating pains In the back: I lost my appetite, became
irritable, nervous and unable to attend to my duties. My doctors could do noth-
ing for me. Fortunately for me. a friend on whom I called had a bottle of War-
ner's Safe Cure in the house and gave me a. dose to try it. I felt the effects im-
mediately and I ordered a Jarge bottle and took it faithfully. I kept on improving
and before the third bottle was used I was well and felt as though new life and
¦trength had been given me. My old vigor and enthusiasm had . returned aa did
my appetite. Your Safe Cure is. indeed a true' friend to suffering humanity, and
better than any other medicine I know of. Yours gratefully,
THOMAS S. REATH, President Detroit travelers' Club.
Thousands of letters like Mr. Reath's are received dally from, grateful pa-
titnts who have been permanently cured by Warner's Safe Cure.
CURES KIDNEY DISEASE
Warner's Safe Cure is purely 'vegetable and contains no narcotic or harmful
drugs: it is free from sediment and Is pleasant to take; it does not constipate: It
is a roost valuable and effective tonic, and is a stlmirJant to digestion and awak-
ens the tcrpid liver, putting the patient into the vc' w <' best receptive state »for
the work of the restorer of the kidneys. It prepares the tissues, soothes inflam-
mation and irritation, stimulates the enfeebled organs and heals at the same
time. It builds up the body, gives it strength and restores the energy that is or
has been wasting under the baneful suffering of kidney disease: it kills the di?-
f&Sff germs. Warner's Safe Cure has been prescribed by leading doctors for 25
years, and used 1n all prominent hospitals exclusively. Warner's Safe Pills taken
with Warner's Safe Cure move the bowels gently and aid a ppeedy- cure.
WARNER'S SAFE CURE Is now put up In two regular sizes and is sold by
all druggists, or direct, at 50 CENTS AND V A BOTTLE.
Refuse substitutes. There Is none "just as good" as Warner's. Insist on the
jrcnuine. which always cures. Substitutes contain harmful drugs which injure
the system.
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE,
To convince every sufferer from diseases of the kidneys, liver, bladder and
blood that Warner's Safe Cure will cure them, a trial bottle will be sent abso-
lutely free, postpaid, to any one who will write Warner's Safe Cure Co., Roch-
ester. N. Y.. and mention having seen tnis liberal offer in this paper. The genu- •
ineness of this offer is fully guaranteed by the publisher of this paper. Our doc-
tor will send medical booklet, containing symptoms and treatment of each dis-
ease, and-mariy convincing testimonials free to every one.
mBBBKr V'^jPflnii
B. KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. |
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANGISCO.
Keeping Them Moving
When summer comes you must
have summer styles; you must
dress acordlng to the season, and
for a lady what is more becoming
or appropriate than a swell Tan
KM shoe? This week we offer a
bargain^ and no mistake. Ladies'
Finest Imported Tan Vici Kid But- ,
ton and Lace Shoes, new coin toes
and tips, hand turned soles and
French heels, and the price— well,
we have reduced it to $1.15 a pair.
Thev formerly sold for 53.50. Sizes
3 to 7H; widths AA to D. ¦
This Style Is All Right
Most men are hard on Fhoes and
rrind them out, but when offered
a bargain they generally grab it.
jind especially if some one calls
their attention to it. This week our
special offer: Men's Calfskin Lace
and Congress Shoes, narrow coin
toes and tips and solid soles. Re- ,
<3uced to $1.53 a pair. Sizes 5'£ to
10^; widths C to EE.
QC CENTS
OO A PAIR
FOR MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S
Finest Pebble CaJf Button Shoes,
with broad toes and spring heels,
rh^ toes being protected by the A.
B. T. cole leather tip. Price re-
Juced to f~> cents a pair. Sizes 10
to 2. •
We do not guarantee to fill coun-
try orders on sale shoes.
Men's Oxford Ties, French Calf
jnd Patent Leather, French toes;
jdd sizes. Reduced to $1.35.
Kew illustrated catalogue just
out. Send for one.
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 1
fO THIRD STREET. I
San Francisco. 1
. , ADVERTISEMENTS. '-¦_...
"I HAD BACKACHE
MOST QF THE TIME."
i - .... . ¦
: 'M l :\ "Pe-ru-na is a Woman's Friend,"
Writes Miss Lindsay, -J^.- j^V^
of Marinette, Wis fflfej|W r_J> • """I
Tired Women, Run t\KjP^^ if
would advocate it so that ether suf- \ !k $Q£&n$s * ¦ I«I 2f
fering women should know of it \^^s\ \l %Eb*s&^^ MlSS f
"I havd been in parted health for \fl\v\ V iJtv^Sl Tsf"^* T TF=> j7
one year. I enjoy work and pleasure l^^li \ UAY^^^. T ("*
bscause in such fine health, and no • i : :V, * L . ]\\\\^^^ LJHhDEzPZl-^^t
trouble saems too heavy for me to j | f*V\'t§" / :| ' lUvf^^^^
bear when I have good health. J-j jJrRss^Pf U.l\\\
"Peruna- has simply been a house- -™^?O^^Mi : lMwW t££$\ A Grateful
hold blessing, and I will never be w,th- JiiH 11x11%^^ W^ U i rateTUI
out it again." MRS. KATE MANN. WM ) |||O VWyJp^b^ G^l S Letter to
. Miss .Olive J. Fitts, 520 S. Broadway, VvL *A\\i V$C SjT^'J -^
Los Angeles, Cal.. writes: . &&&%$& A>f T\ r Huffman
"About a year ago I was troubled with *-H» lldrlllJcin.
a severe attack of nervous debility and -*lh- ¦¦.¦-.
pr a o S porti d o U n C s ed , ifiy^Aen*!. ~ 'SSSl ™l Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio: '. : " ~ °
Gentlemen:— "My experience with Peruna has been such that
:Usrof ap^u c La b^c r lmmenaed f am wyglad indeed to be able to recommend it About two
"Ttook perhaps three botties am 'Y^sdgo my health began to fail, I lost my appetite. f had back-
n°ow a mJch ' i^ighYoTv^i/rm^ht 8^ ac^ e mo^ °^ ine time, and any over-exertion would keep me m
ea xJ ed !? \" ,It oli vlf r j. Jfitts. bed lor a week or more. I needed a good tonic to bring me back
_Mrs. Colonel E. J. Gresham. Treasurer . , ... ,, ,, , , . . *J . ,, U i ,
Daughters of the confederacy, and Pres- to health end strength, and / did not know which would be of
ident Ilerndon Village Improvement . r. r> i j ' x j i
society, writes the following letter from - benefit, Peruna was \ recommended as a woman s friend, and
Herndon, Fairfax County, Va.: , . # . # > l u.' L ' L ' j j\ '
Herndon, va. such it proved to be, for six botttes have been used and I am re-
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, O. . j 1 l jL " ' * klCI I IC I tune A V
Gentlemen- i cannot speak too stored to health. NELLIE LINDSAY,
5n!t. Iy i of ow h e e SKSg p t e o ru i? s a - J5.3SSS! - Marinette, Wis., 30 Hattie Court
merits._ I suffered with catarrh of the p ' " 1
head and lungs in its worst form, until "it took six bottles to cure me, but If you do not derive prompt and satis-
the doctors fairly gave me up, and I de- they were worth a king's ransom to me, factory results from the use of Peruna.
spaired of ever getting well again. • i talk Peruna to all my friends and am write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving s
i 5?, d >; ou r advertisement and _the a true believer In its worth." n i full statement of your case, and he wll
splendid testimonials given by people MRS. COL. E. J. GRESHAM. be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
who had been cured by Peruna, and de- Write for a book entitled "Health and vice gratis.
termined to try a bottle. I felt but little Beauty," written especially for women Address Dr. Hartman. President 01
better, but used a second and third by Dr. Hartman. Sent free. Address The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
bottle and kept on improving slowlv, Dr. Hartman. Columbus, Ohio. Ohio.PRISON DIRECTORS TURN SEARCHLIGHT
UPON POLICY OF FOLSOM'S WARDEN
In rebuttal Warden Wilkinson testified
that recently he discovered seventy-two
pieces of clothing in an old shack in the
Major J. W. Kyle, general overseer,
gave some rather spicy testimony. He
swore that some of the men were "without
clothing' and that he was unable to pro
vide them with sufficient clothing on ac
count of the Warden's ruinous economy.
Kyle testified that out of 110 requisitions
he put In for convicts' coats he succeeded
In getting only fifty-seven.
Warden Wilkinson was recalled, and
during his testimony provoked the Ire of
Commissary Fitzgerald by saying that the
commissary fixed the amount of meat
given each prisoner. Fitzgerald, who is
a brother of the Prison Director, Jumped
to hia feet and exclaimed that Warden
Wilkinson was 'mistaken.
Dr. B. A. Plant, prison surgeon, Bald
that as far as he had observed the -food
supply In the prison was all right \
Warden Wilkinson admitted, under the
cross-examination of Director Devlin,
that the bread used on his own table was
made by a private convict servant.
oners Warden Wilkinson / testified that
they were given all they wanted to eat,
that they were allowed to help them
selves to everything on the table and no
restrictions were put on their appetites.
Warden Wilkinson submitted several
bills of fare showing the variety of food
dealt out to the prisoners at each meal.
He v said that the prisoners were given
milk in their coffee. When called upon
to explain his method of feeding the pris-
Director Devlin suggested that they
first take up^the charges as to the mea
ger food supply at the prison. Director
Fitzgerald Informed the board that he
had instructed Clerk Smith to prepare a
tabulated list of the principal articles of
food used In both prisons. Smith was
called upon to testify, and said that he
had received from the commissary of
Folsom data as to the amount of food
consumed by the prisoners during the
last year of Warden -Aull's administra
tion, and a similar table' showing the
consumption during the presjnt adminis
tration. The table itself, twhich was
placed In evidence, showed that every
prisoner In Folsom received/' thirty-nine
solid pounds a year more than did the
prisoners in San Quentin, and the di
rectors seemed to be willing to accept
Smith's table as sufficient proof that
Warden Wilkinson was feeding the men
under his charge properly.
HIS CONVICTS HIGH LIVERS.
Aguirre was claiming most of their at
tention, and the alleged sins of Wilkinson
did not look as black as they. did before
the expose of the methods of the San
Quentin ring.
Contfnued from T&ge Seventeen-
The books show that where goods are
Issued from the commissary department
to the Warden's house they are charged
to "W. F. & F." -These letters stand for
"Warden's house furnishing and flx-
The commissary stock book shows that
In July last year an entry was made of
"bed furnishings" received for $112 13.
This item was credited on the same line
as "Issued to furnishings and fixtures,"
on July 22.
Commissary Foley was perfectly incap
able of explaining any entry, but he call
ed upon the convict clerks to explain.
Both Foley and the men who work: under
him were well acquainted with the fact
that the bill of goods referred to. was de
livered to the Warden's house.
In the past few days, representatives of
The Call have examined the jumbled and
falsified books at San Quentin for the
purpose of tracing the bill of goods
bought on July 9 of last year, which In
cluded table cloths, doylies and night
shirts.
Books Falsified.
to be sent ,to Sacramento, so
that they might appear as com
ing from the well-known whole
sale house.
amount to $399 19. The bills
are made up of the goods bought
on July 9, 1 90 1, consisting of ta
ble cloths, doylies, dress goods,
napkins and night shirts.
The receipted bills are as fol
lows:
July 8. 1901— f
Sundry goods, including nightshirts.. $112 13
Item for July 1 for bunting and duck
written on the bill by a convict 7 88
July 9, 1901—
1 tale S. P. flannel 132 86
Item written in by a. convict as follows:
2 bales S. P. flannel 146 82
Total $399 19
The reason that some of the
items of accounts were written
on other bills by convicts was for
the purpose of securing the bill
heads of Levi Strauss & Co. on
which Aguirre's criminal assist
ants might forge the statements
In exposing this one
transaction of .-the" goods
purchased on July 9of last
year, Warden Aguirre and
his cronies are guilty of
fraud, forgery, obtaining
Of the frauds carried on at San Quentin
prison by the ring in control numerous in
stances can be cited. - '
Guilty of Crimes.
There are dozens of men in San Quentin
prison, known by, numbers and wearing
felon's stripes, who received punishment
for similar "errors" of which the leading
members of the San Quentin ring have
been guilty and In which they have been
detected.
When Foley and his convict assistants
were asked to explain why the goods had
been charged to "furnishing and fixtures"
and not to the "Warden, furnishing and
fixtures," the answer forthcoming was
that "it was an error."
tures." The criminal transaction on the
part of the San Quentin ring in obtain
ing goods by fraud and forgery was
covered up in the commissary books by
charging the item to "furniture and
fixtures."
"Copper color! Say, I never noticed It.
He'll have to let copper alone In every
form or send in his resignation." — Cleve
land Plain Dealer. ,
"Our; cashier has grown very dark
since he went away on his vacation trip.
Ho must have roughed it in the wind a
good deal."
"Yes; I wonder where he picked up that
copper color?" ,
The folly party given In "Native Sons'
Hall on the night of the 22d inst:" by Red
wood Circle of the Women of Woodcraft
was a very pleasant affair that attracted
a goodly number of people, who were at
tired In fantastic costumes and ¦made up
a grotesque combination when they
moved in the grand march. It was under
the direction of the committee of arrange
ments, composed of Mrs. F. A. McMahon.
Mrs.' A. Steineart, Mrs. T. T. Wilder, Mrs.
A. R. Corhnehl, G. Sweinhard and A. Ko*l
ter. Dr. McMahon, who was attired as
an Eastern prince, was the floor manager.
WOMEN OP WOODCBAPTi ~
On the 18th inst. California Lodge of
the United Moderns entertained its mem
bers and friends in its lodge room with
a delightful programme of music, songs
recitations and vaudeville numbers. There
was a goodly attendance and the evening
passed most pleasantly. After the serv
fe o iss3 jsaft Stsss-sa sss
a?\s h^xt W rn r e k et!Sg. the inlUatOry ' de5r!e
San Francisco Lodge at , its last held
meeting admitted several strangers Into
the order, through the Initiatory proews.
UNITED MODERNS.
and officers recently hav» about closed
up their business and the reports that
were presented were decidedly favorable
The Prison Directors, the
Board of Examiners and the
State Comptroller believed that
they were paying the following
bills, certified to as being correct
by Commissary Foley and War
den Aguirre:
July 1. 1901—1 bale cassimere $112 20
Ju!y*lS, 1901—2 bales of flannel 132 70
July 18. 1901—2 bales of flannel 146 82
July 1. 1901— Bunting and duck 7 38
Total $399 19
At San Quentin prison in the
office of the clerk are two bills,
receipted for by Levi Strauss &
Co. on September ly, 1901, that
was one for $399 19 in favor of
Levi Strauss & Co.
Accounts Balanced.
prison yard, upon which the prisoners had
been treading, he claimed, for months.".
SOME FORMS. OF TORTURE.
Captain Murphy, a stout, florid com
plexioned little man, was called to testify
about the methods of punishment in
vogue in- the prispn. He admitted having
"triced up" a prisoner and also admitted
that there were several offenders who
claimed to have been crippled by being
put into a strait jacket. Captain Murphy
explained' the solitary confinement
process, and ended his testimony by say
ing that all processes of punishment were
carried on. under the supervision of the
prison surgeon. Murphy was disposed to
make his explanations as mild as pos
sible. He was not pressed for explicit
answers as to the result of his methods
under Wilkinson's orders.
Major Kyle was asked to compile a
table showing the amount of clothing fur
nished each prisoner last year, and also
during any' year 8f Warden Aull's admin
istration. He was instructed to have this
table In readiness for the next meeting,
when the charges will be again taken up.
In reference to the charges, involving
Warden Aguirre of San Quentin In the
looting of the State treasury by appro
priating goods to his own personal use
and that of his friends, Prison Director
Fitzgerald said:
NOT UNDULY LOQUACIOUS. •
"I read the charges made in this morn-
PROOF PRESENTED THAT WARDEN AGUIRRE CERTIFIED TO FORGED BILLS PREPARED BY CONVICTS
tm OLBOM, May M.-Th* State
U Board of Prison Directors met
B Y to-night in Folsom Prison and
// commenced Its Investigation
into the charges of alleged ln
competency and mlsadminls
tratien of affairs under Warden Thomas
"Wilkinson's regime. Directors B, M.
Fltzgertdd, R. T. Devlin and W. R. Por
ter -were the only members present. Direc
tors Wray and Wilklns not attending. .
The air of unrest and uncertainty that
has hung over the prison eince the ac
cusations against Wilkinson were first
made was rather relieved to-day when
The Call published the more sensational
charges of forgery and theft against
Warden Aguirre of San Quentin prisoi.
A* eoon as the startling facts of Warden
Agulrre'e conspiracy to loot the State
treasury became noised around Folsom,
the oSlcers, guards, and In fact every
body connected with the prison, lnclud
lag Warden Wilkinson himself, almost
forgot their own troubles.
When the Prison Directors announced
that they were ready to proceed with the
Investigation B. F. Bmlth. clerk of the
board, handed to Director Fitzgerald a
rather bulky report, which contained a
comparison of the amount of food staples
used In San Quentin and Folsom.
03SXY A MEAGEB, INQUIRY.
Director Fitzgerald said that as all. of
tha members of the board were not pres
ent only a superficial Investigation would
be attempted. It was plainly evident that
the serious charges against Warden
The directors went into executive ses
sion after closing the Wilkinson inquiry
and when they adjourned it was announc
ed that they would meet again on June
2L In meantime it is quite probable
that they will investigate the published
charges, of corruption against the San
Quentin rlng.^ The directors will also
consider at their next meeting an affida
vit by Dell Carm, a discharged guard,
who makes some very serious allegations
against Warden Wilkinson.
Ing's Call very carefully. I am disinclined
to believe them. I am satisfied that
nothing will be done concerning the
charges until they are properly
brought before, ois. I am quite
satisfied that the Governor and War
den Asruirre will demand an investi
gation and have the matter sifted to the
bottom. I do not care to discuss the sub
ject any further, as I have no cognizance
of the charges except what I read in The
Call. I do not know what the disposition
of the re"st of the board is in reference
to the charges against Warden Aguirre,
and until I discuss the matter with them
I would rather not say anything on the
subject." \\ /
"I do not believe there is any truth In
the charges concerning Warden Aguirre,"
said Director Porter.. '"I never heard of
them before until I read them in The
Call. ' I do not know what the board in
tends to do. I have not had time to con
sider the charges."
Director Devlin spoke ' In the same
strain.
The committee ' that had charge' of the
reception to the Supreme Court delegates
'At a meeting of the Board of Deputies
of t/he local courts of the Independent
Order of Foresters there was an interest-
Ing address on '; the subject of j Forestry
and the recent Supreme Court session
held » in this city, by Supreme Treasurer
Collins. The supreme officer will remain
on this coast for some time and will visit
courts in this city and in the lower part
'of. -'the 'State, after which he will return
to this/ city to. attend the session of the
Imperial Temple of the Shrlners, of which
he Is a member.
INDEPENDENT FOBESTERS.
There was large attendance at the folly
party given by Sherwood Circle, Compan
ions of the Forest, in the social hall of the
Ancient Order of Foresters' building, and
there was^a well arranged programme of
dances under the direction of the commit
tee of arrangements, consisting of Samuel
Severance, chairman; Lillie Severance,
Mrs. M. Al O'Brien, Mrs. Sullivan and
Mrs. Elkus. The prize winners were:
First 'prize, handsome silver tea set, for
best dressed lady, Mrs. Raymond; second
prize, glove order, best dressed lady, Mrs.
H. Jingels ; third prize, most original lady
character, dentistry .work, Miss Emma
Follk, ivy leaf dress; gents' most original
character, Irishman,. George Monk, fancy
ccat hanger; best sustained lady's char
acter, Mrs. Emily Webster, Aunt Jemi-
ma: best,' sustained gentleman character,
J. Horsfeld, soldier. 1 This circle will give
an apron aijd necktie party on the 7th of
June.- > - ..'"
COMPANIONS OF THE FOBEST.
J. Alva Watt, at a meeting of the Re
publican State Central Committee yester
day, took lip the matter of The Call's
charges against Governor Gage and the
administration of the State Prison of San
Quentin and introduced a resolution call
ing for a special committee of five mem
bers to investigate the charges and re
port thereon at an adjourned meeting of
the State Central Committee .to be held
at Golden Gate Hall on Saturday. June 7.
The committee decided to take no action
in the matter.
Watt Asks for Prob
ing of the Charges-
Against Gage.
DEMANDS
INQUIRY
What has Warden Aguirre done with
dozens of napkins and doylies in a home
which is that of a bachelor? The Call will
explain this later.
Can Warden Aguirre explain how it
happens that he has enough towels
charged to his house to give him one new
towel per day and dozens of officers and
guards have had buf a little more than
half his. supply?
In the past fifteen months Levl Strauss
& Co. have supplied the following articles
to San Quentin prison, the same being
paid for by public funds:
Towels, Napkins, Doylies,
Doz. .. Doz. Doz.
To Warden's house.. 30 12 13
Commissary Depart
ment, for use of of
ficers, guards, etc.. 17 • 5 S
Jute mill account.... 1 .. . .
In presenting the first installment of
proof of its charges The Call asks War
den Aguirre and. his bosom friend. Gov
ernor Gage, to explain the following
proposition. '
rlnjr, of which Warden Agulrre is the
head, of which Governor Gage is the bene
ficiary.
• The Call will furnish the people of the
State of California with further proof
of the criminal acts of the San Quentin
Will Furnish Proof.
Governor Gage and his family have been
frequent residents at the Warden's home,
and they have been the beneficiaries of
stolen property. They have, including
Governor Gage, slept on sheets obtained
by.fraud and forgery; slept in night robes
filched from the State and obtained by
forgery and fraud; eaten food stolen from
the public stores and charged to prison
departments and sidewalk repairs, and
quaffed costly wines secured by the aid
of convicts in a felonious manner.
Warden Aguirre, who is a single man,
certainly had no use personally for the
property obtained last year by felonious
acts. The law allows him a salary and
the sum of $100 per month for subsistence.
Food supplies, wearing apparel, household
goods, etc., have been secured by forgery
and fraud by the San Quentin ring and
traced to Warden Aguirre's residence.
goods by false pretenses,
misappropriation of public
funds and malfeasance in
office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 25 1902. -
General Overseer Kyle Testifies That Many Convicts Are Without
Clothing and That His Requisitions Are
" Not Honorec
19
HE. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
\\\l isii^SF iwElllfiBr I SU '** e sai ' or * s the . most pop ..lar garment ever devised for boys' \WM^-^^®
ln«8J^OT uiffl Eml S3. 50. The extreme value makes them unusual. S.:ch bargains are
111 i filial I 11 \ hIIfIikII 1 liecl an( * t - oe Jlosicr >' > * ast bJacl< » sizes 6 to 10, button on side, ages 3 to 8 years, 50c a suit. U^W^^P^^wl
\rm T^0' \\\ \ 1\ VK/^al'AVi Boys' straw hats, different shapes, 50c to Shetland wool underwear, natural, ages 6 to W^' iPaH ' ' ¦'
'$$$£&/ lustrattdcatalogue, f\ Tk T » A lf\ /"\ W~\ ' - ow n or- Mm^^IW^\\
"Attire for man and v^'Aj'Wl/fl B| || | /? fi flB ders filled for men's /Ssr tliisk
Four Specials for
This Week Only.
Solid oak parlor table, twenty- "
four-inch top. ... $1.40 I
Guaranteed solid oak chair,
brace arms, cane seat.80c-
Solid oak sideboard, French;
plate mirror, swell front 1
drawers ....... ...$12.50
Single or j£ white enameled >,
iron bed $2.50*
We give you liberal credit.
IT. BRilLlANT
FDilNITURE CO.
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.
WHAT A SAMPLE BOTTLE
OF SWAMP-ROOT DID.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-
Root, Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
. May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
i I 7 ' F ; Lohnes j a Prominent business man of Springfield, Ohio, writes the fol-
kidney remedy - swam *- Root ' « ** «*-
.,„ . . . " . .. ,.. Springfield, Ohio, Feb. 20, 19GL
hv Jiw 11 ! h t ar * d £ at x7n U co ? ld ~ P ro « u re a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, free
by mail. I wrote to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton. N. Y.. for a sample bottle and
'toThf JK?? 1 "* y Sen 5f J Was %° P lease , d after trying the sample bottle that I sent
to the drug store and procured a supply. I have used Swamp-Root regularly for
some time, and consider it unsurpassed as a remedy for torpid liver, loss of appe-
tite and general derangement of the digestive functions. I think my trouble was
due to too close confinement in my business. I can recommend it highly for all
liver and kidney complaints. I am not in the habit of endorsing any medicine, but
In this case I cannot speak too much in praise of what Swamp-Root has done
ior me. '
- (W. F. Lohnes) jf /t C\jf*f-/£ \m A
43% West High Street. r i '* <S VrZ/lSLxL^y
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-fammi* i/t^ now _„,» vi-^j««
wTn&u?cur^^
well they will help all the other organs to health. A total wVco^vlncl anyon?
v Y , ol f may h& l e a sample botUe of t* 13 wonderful remedy • SwaS?Root^S2St
absolutely free by mall, also a book telling all about Swamp^RooTa^ containing
many of the thousand? upon thousands of testimonial letters received f-ommen
and women who owe their good health, in fact their very lives, to thlgr eat c™r^
Mve properties of Swamp-Root In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. »£w£2toS It
Call SUFC ay y ° U ™ generous offer In The San FranclscTsSnaay
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need von can '
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug rtowS
- everywhere. Don't make anyjnlstake, but remember the name. Swamp-Root.^)r
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address. Blnghamton, N. Y. on every bottleTRENTON. N. J.. Mav 24— John A. Ropb-
UnKs Sons - Company to-rlav announced . an In
crea«* of wagres^r* Its 4000 . employes . av«rasr-.
Ing 10 per cent. ¦> The Mncr^as* was made, as
exr>1alDed- by- OharleB G. Roeblin*. "In con
sequence of the Increased, cost, of ¦ Hv<n«r :td
which our employes have been • subjected.*: -- r --t
Decoration day this year will be a mem
orable one for those who Join the p*rty
leaving here at 8:00 a. m.' next Fridaj/for
Lake Tahpe and' its ' beautiful resorts
Those who. go will only lose half a-dj'y on
Saturday, as the. party returns to/ San
.Francisco .on Sunday" evening. at 7:2?/ ':".
¦ Rate. Including > trip around the/ lake,
$5 50. Secure leaflet. at Southern Paciflc
Information Bureau, 613 Market street, a
Opening Excursion to Lake Tahoei
Miss May Walker of Berkeley played
the violin during the afternoon, and also
aroused much laughter and applause by
imitating some of the mannerisms of tha
leaders of the convention. * -
i The event of the afternoon was an ex-
( trayai?anza, written by Miss Agnes Fri
*sius and Miss May Bentley and contain
ing many clever jokes and some beautiful
scenes and .music. Next a grand march
.brought every one higher up the glen,
.and-college singing and yells took up tha
rest of the afternoon. The Northwest
girls combined their voices and gave some
vigorous yells -{or their colleges, while the
'few young women from the San Jose Nor
mal made up for their small numbers by
-their determined spirit in singing and
"yelling." The singing of the Stanford
girl? was especially good. . .
A serpentine march and much good-na
tured ravalry In displaying banners com
pleted the afternoon's pleasure. .
CAPITOLA, May 24.— The delegates ft£
the Young Women's Christian Associa
tion spent this afternoon in celebrating
college day in Glen Beulah, a beautiful
little glen not far from the hotel. At least
400 persons were present, for all of tho
girls attended, together with a consider
able number of residents of the neighbor
hood. To display the college colors the
girjs had purchased quantities of bright
hved cheesecloth and made It Into cos
tumes of all kinds. The variety of hue
and the beauty of the glen combined In
an efteetice picture. • . .
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Doctors testified that Mrs. McCarthy's
death was caused by one bullet wound
over, the left ear, two in the throat and
a fourth through the .right shoulder.
There was -also an abrasion above the
left temple,, made with . some blunt in
strument.. ,- • .. -..: 1
Cornelius McCarthy;>-after telling of
having left his wife and son -eating dinner
together, described the scene that met
his sight on his return only ten minute3
later. His wife was dead and his. son had
fled.. - ¦; :¦ ¦ .. "•' , . • .. . .. .. , ,'
-Constable Mclntyre testified that, young
:McCarthy.had told him that he had shot
his mother four times, s /
*¦ During the examination the matricide
interrupted one of, the doctors, asking: !
"Did she speak while- you examined
her?'.' ' ". . ¦ ..¦ . ,.-•/- '. . • , ¦ . -.j ., .-,
. Of his.. father he asked :r;,VAre- you -sure
.. SALINAS, May 24.-John McCarthy, the
Castroville matricide, was arraigned" be
fore Judge Clark this afternoon. To pre
vent any attempt at escape or self-de
struction, the prisoner was handcuffed.
In company , with Sheriff Keef and one
deputy he was rapidly driven,. to Castro
ville and taken at once Into court. Here
the matricide was suddenly ushered into
the presence of his father, but was not
in the least disconcerted. • .
"Hello, how are you, father; how've you
been?" he asked, . coolly.
•When court opened the prisoner expos
tulated against detention, claiming he wag
not under arrest, as no warrant had been
served upon him. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Robert AVirsching was cut. his upper
lip being laid'open and several teeth loos
ened. Florence Parke, daughter 1 - of a
liquor merchant,, was slightly injured
about the head. -Marie Ganley of 128 Al
ison street suffered a" bad contusion on
the head, the result of being -thrown
against the side of the ; car. Gus Halver
son is believed to have been injured rn-'
ternally. His physician says that two rib«
are broken. A painter .-named. Rudiksr
complained . of injuries to his leg. • -.-. 7
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— In a rear-end
collision between two cars of the Los An
geles Railway Company to-day five pas
sengers were injured. .-"A Brooklyn ave
nue car. was making the switch to turn
from First street into Los Angeles when
the trolley slipped off the* wire,' bringing
the car to a stop on the curve. Immedi
ately behind, was one of the large new
cars of the. Boyle Heights line, coming
down the grade at high speed: Before the
motorman could bring it to ¦ a stop It
crashed into the car in front. •
on a Los Angeles Street
Railway.
Five Persons Injured in an Accident
REAR-END COLLISION
OF TWO MOTOR CARS
Christian Young Women
Celebrate College
Day.
John McCarthy, the Mat
ricide, Glories in His
Notoriety. •
MIRTH RESOUNDS
IN GLEN BEOLAH
BRAZENLY FACES
HIS AGED FATHER
that when you left I . was with her eat
ing? Was no one else there? Now do
yCu know I shot her. Did you hear the
shots? "Why did you go away when yau
did so suddenly?" n
The prisoner was held for trial in the
Superior Court, bail being denied him.
During the drive to Castroville and re
turn McCarthy spoke rationally, the dis
course being upon crop prospects and
other topics. Once he asked at what time
the trial would probably take place. He
has apparently dropped the insanity de-
Pi-- rHA"V t> - tci^a vpt nmlrman.
Attest: p ~~ ~~ .? ¦»""' .* T T <"»~retary.
Bible by them may be immediately put in
force after their adoption by seven directors,,
as these amendments provide, and not be post
poned or nullified by a holdover board (or lack
of a quorum, we would place in nomination be
fore-you at this time for directors the follow
ing seven persons and most earnestly urge upon
you that you cast your ballot (in person or
by mall) at the annual meeting, not only for
these amendments, but also^or these seven
directors and no more, viz: Thomas Jacob of
Tulare County. J. B. de Jarnatt of Coluba
County, W. E "Woolsey of Sonoma County and
F N Woods W E Stevens. O. A. Follett
and G. C,' Rodell of Santa Clara County. For
while at 'the next annual' meeting, acting un
der the old by-laws, the eleven receiving the
highest number of votes cast will probably be
declared the duly elected directors, your com
mittee yet hopes that the . directors, with a
strong sense of their obligation to make im
mediately effective the changes approved by
themselves and desired by the majority, of the
members, so many of them as are necessary,
will resign, so as to leave the seven receiving
the greatest number of votes at the annual
meeting to be the seven directors .to make
operative as soon as possible the new by-laws
and policy. .
This ticket, as you will notice, nominates
three candidates from districts outside of Santa
Clara County, all of whom have pjevlously
served as directors, and nominates four can
didates from Santa Clara County, one of whom
haa served previously whH*'. three others, are
named whom your committee believe to ' be
mm of integrity and business ability. This
ticket retains part of th« former rboard. : with
their valuable experience during these- two past
years, while yet bringing in, new men and new
ideas. So uniting upon one such ticket: of
seyen f directors offers the only feasible.. hope
of. accomplishing the desired result. / ; ,
If you have alrpady' forwarded your ballot
to the. secretary and desire to recall it you
may send In your : new ballot to him. request-
Ine him to return or destroy the 'old'ballot.
depositing your new ballot as your final ballot
for directors. This 'may be done up to the
tlrr>«. the poll* -close at the annual meeting.
Tour committee Intend no- reflection -in the
Klle-htest ¦ upon anv of ¦ th« -directors wh^se
names. are. not. on this new ballot, but H-ileve
thlp to be the onlv poMlble- wav -that an
el»rtlnn mnv be had. , and. couplnd with*' th»
«d>nt1np'of t>"» hv-iaws that ft'nuorum may
be nr*«»nt. Ttesnoct'nl'v snhmUt.od. ¦ • .
JOHNSTOWN, Ohio, May 24. — A score of
business buildings and residences in this city
were destroyed by fire to-<1ay. A rainfall if?
all that saved th? town from total destruc
tion. Loss, $100,000.
To avoid the annoyance of being called
by persons with whom they have no de
sir* to talk, many fashionable families
in New York do not have their names in
the telephone directory. Of course they
have telephones in their houses, but the
number is made known only to their
frierds and others with whom they de
sire to communicate. " '
ARKANSAS CITY, Kan., May 24.— Alex
Carr. a farm hand living near here, was
drowned while trying to save cattle from
the high water. Stephen Warner was
drowned while taking driftwood from a
swollen creek. Neither body has yet been
found, '.-¦¦-¦ . • • - - ¦•
Dies While Saving Cattle.
GUTHRIE, . O. T., May 24.— Charles
Jamison was drowned jn the swollen
river at Perry, O., T., yesterday, while
attempting- to ford it. All efforts to re
cover the body have been fruitless. Th»
Oklarfma rivers are receding. The total
damage of the floods throughout the Ter
ritory is estimated at over a million dol
lars.
Million Dollars the Damage.
According to the Chicago Daily News
the old practice of adorning the vessels of
the navy with figureheads is to be revived,
and the cruiser Cincinnati when it went
into commission on December 1 has 'been
the first of the modern vessels to return
to the old and beautiful custom. This
vessel now displays a life-size figure of
Liberty in steel and wood, standing
straight out from the well curved stem
It is understood that Rear Admiral
Bowles, the present chief of the Bureau
of Construction and Repair, Is responsible
for this return to the old ways, and that
the figure for the Cincinnati was con
structed at the New York Navy Yard un
der his direction when he was in charge
of the construction workshops there
When the cruiser Olympia is placed in
commission: at the Boston Navy Yard
December 16, it will be adorned with a
new figurehead of Victory holding in her
outstretched hands an American eagle.
Old Naval Custom to Be Bevived.
MISSOULA, Mont.. May 24.— A wreck
occurred or.e mile east of Heron, Mont.,
a station fifty miles west of this city,
near the Montana-Idaho line, this even
ing, in. which Engineer A. R. Bell was
killed and Fireman Lasall and Brakeman
Finnegan were injured. A work train
wes standing on the siding on a curve,
when an extra west-bound freight in
charge of 3ell crashed into it. -A.n engine,
caboose and flatcar were demolished.
Engineer Bell Is Killed.
The articles of incorporation have not
been filed because the principal ¦ place of
business, which must be stated, has not
been decided upon.
A remarkable feature of the organiza
tion is the fact that nearly every railroad
owner or promoter in the State is a stock
holder and not one of them has given an
inkling of the formation of the enormous
enterprise.
For more than a month the formation
of the company has been under way, !but
the plans have been kept- secret; owing
to the fact that Henry E. Huntington is
holding out for Los Angeles and .D. O.
Mills wants the plant to be installed in
San Francisco. Ten days ago it was
practically decided that it should go to
the Northern metropolis, but Mr. Hunt
ington remained loyal to Los Angeles and
has succeeded in inducing Mr. Mills to
look more kindly upon this city. To a
large extent the railroad competition here
is supporting- his plea.
The heaviest stockholders are Henry
E. Huntineton of Los Angeles and D. O.
Mills of New York, and every share in
the wire company's stock has already
been subscribed.
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— Five million
dollars is to be invested in either this
city or San Francisco in . the establish
ment of a wire plant. The concern is to/
be one of the largest in the country and
fully 100 men will be employed. The lo
cation has not yet been selected.
Esecial Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 24.— A private letter re
ceived in London from Vryheid, South
eastern Transvaal, tells of a curious story
of General Botha's passing through there
about a month ago. when the peace con
ference commenced. The British com
manding officer went out -to exchange
courtesies with the Boer commander, .and
en being presented to Botha's secretaries
found they were Jacobus Dewet, who
spent three years at Oxford, and Louis
Eslem, also an Oxford graduate. Without
waiting for formalities both Boers askej
in the same breath and with evident anx
iety, "Who won the beat race?" referring
to the annual boat race between crews
representing the universities of Oxford
and Cambridge. - y
"You are perfectly correct -in ¦ insisting
that everything is practically settled and
that the war is at an «nd. .It may be,
however, that several weeks will elapse
before a definite announcement can be
made. We want to give the Boer leaders
every chance in their conferences with
their followers and that takes .time."
LONDON, May 24.— The developments in
the South Africa peace negotiations to
day brought out all the details cabled yes
terday. A member of the Government
said to-day:
Official Announcement of
Peace Will Be De
layed.
Huntington and Mills Or
ganize a $5,000,000
Wire Company.
TIME IS GIVEN
BOER LEADERS
SEEK LOCATION
FOR BIG PLANT
Your committee of eleven has Just mailed
you, with the copies of .the proposed amend
ments sent out by the board of directors, , its
recommendation asking that you vote for such
amendments. ' And in order that the newly
amended by-law s and the changes made pos-
SAN JOSE, May 23. 1002.— To the- Members
of the California Cured Fruit Association
Gentlemen: This is a special communication
published through the courtesy of the press of
the State, to each member of the California
Cured Fruit Association by the members' com
mittee of eleven, appointed at the mass-meet
ing of members • of the association, held im
mediately after .the nominating convention
May 2, 1902. to discuss and consider the af
fairs of the association and to report to tha
members thereon. ' /
The ballots which have been sent out
for the: annual election, which occurs on
Junei 4. contain the names of the old
board of directors, and this latter 1 body
was averse to any member losing his posi
tion. The growers' committee has issued
the following circular, which. explains Us
side of the controversy, and 'which con
tains the recommendations -the directors
refuse to send to the, members:
CIRCTJLAB TO MEMBERS.
And your committee believe that the abov«
objects, so much desired,- may -be accomplished
by these amendments and changes In methods.
And we do most earnestly urge every, member,
whether intending to withdraw , or -not, to at
least vote for these amendments, which In the
opinion of your committee make It possible,
under proper management, .for this association
to do all the business it .was formed to do, in
a practical business manner, retaining its
packing plant, its brands, its selling connec
tions and. the benefit of its advertising and the
strong moral influence on the market and price
that the union of so many • growers has and
produces, on a co-operative basis, with small
and limited Individual liability for* those who
remain with it, while freely allowing those to
withdraw who wish to withdraw.
-.Fifth— That the delivery of .his : iru!t to the
association be left optional with each member,
who should, however, give due 'notice to- the
association of his intention in advance of; crop
harvest.
' Fourth — That the directors be allowed to
borrow money on ; the security . of the fruit,
after it is actually "placed in- their hands, to
make advances to the contributors — a much
needed change.
Third — That any member be allowed to vol
untarily withdraw from the. association at any
time on an, equitable basis, thus removing one
source- of antagonism, by allowing any to with
draw who may wish to do so.
Second— That the president and vice presi
dent be elected by -and , from the number of
directors, so as to be in fact the executives
of the business policy. of the board.- ..-.
First — That the number of directors be re
duced from eleven to seven, and all salaries
(while yet limited) be placed in the control of
the directors, so that all salaries may be- im
mediately reduced by them when . need re
quires or the size of the business may demand.
Second — We. however, do believe it can b«
continued as a practical working business ma
chine, and with the support of a large enough
number of members to make it of great bene
fit to the prune growers by such changes in the
by-laws and business methods as would make it
possible to accomplish the following results:
First — We do not believe the association can
be continued In any successful manner under
present by-laws and business purposes and
methods. ' , •',
Both the growers' committee and the
directors agreed on the" following •recom
mendations: . • ',
CHANGES AGREED UPON.
At the nominating convention on May>2,
President Woods ruled discussion of asso
ciation affairs' out of order, and the meet
ing, which/was attended by a large num
ber of growers, at once resolved itselt
into a conference, to see what steps' could
be taken to perpetuate the association by
making a number of changes. A.commit
tee consisting^ of the following was ap
pointed for the purpose: Charles D.'Bla
ney (chairman), F. H. Babb, J. O. Hayes,
E. T. Pettit, S. H. Shelley, W. H. Law
rence, F. W. Crandall, J. T. Dunn, G. I*
Tarleton, Daniel, Snlvely and B. Quesne.
Several conferences were . hejd with the
directors of the association, and the latter
promised to send out any report the grow
ers' committee may have adopted. This
they afterward failed to do. The commit
tee charges that the directors have not
only refused to send out its side of the
question to the growers, who number
about 3700, but at once began to send out
that portion of the changes in the by
laws which all agreed . to, omitting-' the
recommendations of the committee. .As
the directors are the only ones having a
list of the members of the association,
this left the commi tee -without means of
making its 1 report public.
Furthermore, Chairman Blaney says
that the directors agreed not t& give the
results of the conferences to the press
until both sides could be presented at the
same time, but that late -last night the
directors gave their report to the local
press. . . ; » .
SAN JOSE, May 24.— The growers' com
mittee of eleven, appointed by the Cali
fornia Cured'Fruit Association to suggest
a pian of reorganization, and -the direc
tors of the association have locked horns
over a" report of . the ! proposed changes.
Charges have been made against the di
rectors of suppressing, part of the report
v to> further their own interests and to keep
the present board in office. This is all
because the growers believe ln'reducing
the' number of directors from eleven to
seven.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Charges That a Portion of
, Its Recent Report Wa3.
* Suppressed. \.
Cured Fruit Association
Committee Issues
Circular. •
SAYS DIRECTORS
BROKE PROMISE
THE SAN ....; FBAJSf CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, CM AY 25, 1902.
20
DRS SHORFS & SHflRFS Ex P crt (Third nW) Wiley B. Allcn^vildmj;
U1IJ. OHUttLJ tt OllUflW, SDecialists, 933 Market St, San Francisco, Cal.
Of flee. Hours— Week Days, 9 a. m. to 4 p.m. 6 to ,8.'. Sundays. 10. a. m.':to 12 m. „
APPLY AT ONCE. "
After you have had your case diagnosed FREE, if you want to be CURED, Drs
Shores' prices and terms are- within the easy reach of all — $5 a month for all catarrhai
chronic diseases, medicines free. . ¦ «»"•«
THE 'BRONCHIAL TUBES.
T hen catarrh of the head or throat is neg-
lected or wrongfully treated it extends down
the windpipe into the bronchial tubes, and
after a while attacks the lungs. '
"Have you a cough?"
"Do you take cold easily?"
"Have you r>a!n in the side?"
"Do you raise frothy materials?"
"Do you spit up little cheesy lumps?"
"Do you feel you are growing weaker?"
CURE IT NOW.
THE HEAD AXD THROATi
• This form of catarrh is most common — result-
ing from neglected colds— quickly cured 1 with
little cost by Drs. Shores* famous treatment.
"Do you hawk to clear the throat?" • -
• "Is your throat dry in the morning?" •'
"Do you eleep with your mouth open?"
"Is your nose stopped up?" .
"Does your nose discharger'
.. "Is your nose sore and tender?" • ' *'
' "Is there pain in front of head?"-
Tou can b« easily cured now— don't let it
run into complications.
OF THE STOMACH.
1 Catarrh of the stomach is usually caused by
swallowing poisonous mucus.. which drops down
from tho head and throat at night. Quickly
cured at little cost by Drs.s Shores' famou«
treatment. ¦
"Is there nausea?" ", v .' -- -''
"Is your tongue coated?" •• ' ¦ ' ¦:
"Do you bloat up after eatlng? r >
"It there constant baa-taste in thVmouth?"
Now is the time to be permanently, cured...
If You Live Out of Town
nrniTr Drs - Shores & Shores for their new
W HI I r symptom liet and set " their advice
II *»* t t.f ree . . ; . . ._
Difficult and obscure cases especially invited. ' . -
This free expert examination to all who apply during- May is given by Drs. Shores to
inipre«s upon the sufferer the importance of correct diagnosis in the cure nf
chronic diseases. • . ' *-•**= ui
Drs. Shores' free expert examination and rfree dlag-nosis ot disease
offer closes May 31, and will not again be renewed or extended,, so if you are a victim
of catarrh or any complicated nervous, chronic or private disease and want to >- know the
"cause" of your ailment and whether or not you can be enred, apply to Drs
S>hore« & Shares before Jane 1. **x-i».
You Must Apply This Week>
If yon are ailinsr with denfnew, catarrh or any complicated chronic
or nervous dl«ea B e, why not come to Drs. Shores & Shores? TheV offer
you each week direct testimony from people who live right here in the city: people
yon can hoc and talk with. They tell you Drs. Shores' treatment is effective:
ether doctors and specialists may claim that their treatment Is "Just as good" as Drs Shores"
treatment, but if they offer no evidence of their skill you have good ground to doubt their
ability to cure you. The cure of chronic dUeanei requires not only education on the
part of the doctor, but actual experience. Experience counts iiv medicine as in
everything else • Dps. Shores & Shores arenot only graduates in medicine from America's
leading medical colleges, but in the treatment of deafnees. catarrh and chronic disease" they
IOC? 000 oases exnerience v D ™-' sh °res in the past fifteen years have treated over
d octo£ h or^a£e SSeS ZU£&jM D ° »«t>»«iment with inexperienced
If your case is curable, Drs. Shores can cure yon. ¦ ¦ '.
Is the Safeguard of the Sick and Afflicted.
The Doctors Who Cure Your Friends and
' Neighbors Can Cure You.
THE WEIGHT -OF TESTiMQNY
¦.Mr. Sterling says: "I am a machinist by
occupation and Hv'e'it' fll5 Clay et., this city.
I bad malaria la^t summer in Sacramento, and
-It left rne in a very bad condition. I would
(et up in the morning and hawk and spit un-
til (sometimes I would become nauseated.
'Although I tried everything recommended to
me for my terrible eouprh, I could not rid
myself of : it. I was very short of breath,
and when I would ' take cold I could
scarcely breathe. . My xtomnnti then
"became affected, and vfter eating tn the even-
Ing I would bloat op badly. This condition
ccntinuM until I was very -weak and run
flown, t lost twenty pounds in weight.
- . "I was in thig condition when I besan Drs.
Shores' treatment two months agro. I can say
tbeir treatment helped nie from the start:
t have trained - fifteen' pounds In
•veigrbt and- feel i>etter and stronger in everv
»ray.
1 "I take pleasure . in - recommending- Drs.
Shores & Shores to all. Any one doubting this
"testimonial is at liberty to call on me, and I
irill gladly v,erify to the^truthfulness of the
.«Une. <SU?nea> AV. W. STERLING.
"1115 Clay st., San Francisco, Cal." ¦
ASTHMATIC BRONCHITIS.
>W. W. STERLING,
1115 Clay St.. San Francisco. Cal
Sleeplessness
jflMft~ results in debility, lack of energy, makes you de-
jtfi==;~*\ epondent and nervous.
«-a"2*>w V No wonder, when you think how your nerve
n^©|rX7V force has been taxed beyond its limit; you have
yVW/_i J^\. - worried until your digestion is ruined and your
whole aystera has become deranged. These are
Y^%^ \ \"^ times when the over-wrought system needs as-
S | vL \ sistance. ¦ »
M^^k DUFFY S PURE
ff will bring you refreshing sleep, and you will be-
# come full of* energy -and vitality. It cures ner*
/ vousness and' indigestion, gives power to the
f brain, strength and elasticity to muscles and
J richness to the blood. It is a promoter of health
V- ' and longevity. Makes the old young, keeps the
j young strong.
Couid Not Sleep— Gained 35 Pounds.
Gentlemen: Six weeks ago I commenced --'— --
taking your Duffy's Malt Whiskey. Pre- >^^PwB.E A/^^.
vlous to that time I was completely run •' j^l\J^ *^>^X<^^.
down in health from want of ¦ sleep, poor J0%&^^'
appetite, and weighing only 121 pounds. yyVxS^X •
Since then my restoration to health has ff^ji sd****^ \OJv^
been wonderful. I now weigh 153 pounds, 7 O/ E*3 V*^E^^ X^VvV
sleep well and have a good appetite. I //^5/ vSa TSyggay X^fiVl
rever felt better in all my life. I have /iCa/ . iCU
recommended your whiskey to several of \\Z2l vMs^^Hk^LSV lull
my friends and they have used it with II I /s*\ V^VvU^»«^^»*k!k I (2 '
234 Division Street, New York. U \^h\ II
CAL-TIOX-TTe wish to caution our pa- >\ \,JK SzfflSllMMWmm II
trons against so-called "Duffy's Malt A H»&ll^SN^™^5r /I
"V\'hlEkey" Bold in bulk and unsealed bot- xECcgggrSE^S^-^cHy //
ties. Duffy's Pure Malt TVTiiskey is sold JZ
In sealed bottles only. If offered for sale xjy*y ]I^ t Jr
la bulk or unsealed bottles it is a fraud. . >Ss£l/l fc» -^ k&>5^
Insist on getting the genuine. Refuse ' vn.&£^P^
substitutes. . ¦
FREE— Two game counters for whist, euchre, etc. Send 4 cents In stamps to
cover postage. If 3*ou are sick write us. It will cost ' you nothing: for advice.
Medical Booklet sent free to any address. Duffv Malt Whiskev Co Boch.es-
ter. N. Y. -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
p Silks That Are Worth $2.00, $1.75, $1.50 and $1.25 Yard, Your Choice at ff% ft 3
•£2 To-mo-rrow's Remarkable Silk Offering will eclipse any former Silk Sale ever held. Over 3000 yards of HIGH-CLASS > ffi\ I Sj
t: NOVELTY SILKS go on sale— Silks of a superb character, that until' recently sold as high as $2.00 a yard. The quality, styles and I | **
gs: colorings are of such rare excellence and the price ; so marvelously low that they are bound to go in a hurry, and we therefore ad- | | ¦ | Yorrl "^
SCI yise early attendance. Included, are the choicest weaves of the season, Silks well suited for Waists, Petticoats and Linings, to' be of- \^? 1 3l Q 12
to-morrow -at the-unprecedentedly low price of -;......? =^
ENORMOUS SALE OF SILK GRENADINES ATTRACTIVE BLACK GOODS SALE. =s
S= '. 1800 Yards $1.25 Quality,- Monday . - ; Our aim is to make this the most interesting and attractive sale wehavej ever ¦ to*
£¦• Again a most exceptional buylmr opportunity came tous: an offer- ft f\C ? epartm .? lt -^n tM^itv^ Thi'StSTyiS know^he 'wSS NSe mor^we wel!
g=. ing that we could not allow to pass by. These exquisite Grenadines V \Jv> possible for you to see in this city. Thi better you Know me uoooa u
g- "ere closed out far below the regular value, and there is a *reat va- f %J y.-3 come a comparison. o--«i-,,« Vr.ln«« -^
*gZ riety to choose from, in checks and satin stripes: a very fine and lustrous Iara -, Monday's Offering Will SufaSS All PrOVlOUS VaiUOS. -^j
•^.quality, fully 44 inches wide; well worth *1 25; Monday 7»c yard V *. i nc h>-- wide* worth Jl 25 Cl flfl Yfl US
g CUARAVTSED BLACK TAFFETA.Worth SI.IO,Mor,day J&yffp'ilS'KiRSPT"' "" • ¦£» ]]• 2
•»- An extra heavy lustrous Taffeta, 21 Inches wide, a rrada which we -_, /-• ¦"¦ ""¦"¦^ — -^ — 45 an <i 50 inches wide; worth VI .% Yfl
, absolutely guarantee for six months, therefore a safe Taffeta to buy for Q tT 0 CANVAS ETAW INE AND -. Jl 75. Monday VlifcU lUi -—
. any, purpose; only 600 yards to be offered for Monday, at the special Q rJ ir 1' WOOL C'EPFDF CHINE =2
...I ....'......... 85o yard v/ tr Yard WPUL o EFE UE a beautiful material now so
£H 85C EUfiK P.'AII fiF SfllF.FOR 69o YARfl 400 yards Black Peau de Sole, a good SAWS IT E CLOTH AND much In vogue with those Cl Kfl Yfl =55
.^ OJl* DLRUIv H.AU UC OUICTUn O^CtlflnU. wear i ne Quality , "of a superb finish. ECLIONNE - who keep in close touch Q|,JU IUiIS
g- grand value at 85c; to-morrow at .....69c yard fcCI-IPNWE. with all that's fashionable.. --»
I | GREA TeW^f" ALL WASH GOODS 5ALES. \ i
%¦ I 12,000 Yards Mercerized Swisses and Nove'ty Batiste, Worth 40c, 35c and 25c, for 3
SHI H This is the climax of all offerings in Wash Fabrics made this season. We have .waited for the moment when a leading JJ BJ^'ifJ f% "ZS>
g— R wholesale house was willing to let go of their CHOICEST WASH GOODS, in order to close up their season's business. So EEj if a fl £ 212
SZ B cheaply, did we secure them,' that we are now enabled to present the MOST PHENOMENAL, WASH GOODS BARGAIN //I > — *•
g- m of the entire season— a vast variety of exactly, the styles the public is demanding. THIS GREAT PURCHASE of 12.OOO t J If I I [
ZZ. H YARDS goes on sale bright and- early to-morrow morning, AT LESS THAN HALF PRICE, embracing the choicest and fl B U — •
gT- H most exquteite hemstitched effects in MERCERIZED SWISSES and SATIN, STRIPED BATISTE— a soft and sheer fabric, si H US
ZZ. H in colors of Light Blue, Pink, . Lavender, Tan, Green, Red' and Black and White, in all sorts of pretty designs, as scrolls, [1 fl •# j — •
f£Z ¦ N figures, 'dots and stripes. ALL ARE CRISP and FRESH— goods that are positively worth 25c, 35c* and 40c yard, to-morrow's |] fl Yarn "ZSm
w- H sensational price of.............. .: 17c Yard ¦ H IUIU —m
fc I CRASH, SUITING 9c YARD. CANVAS LINEN SUITING. 25c YARD SALE OF WHITE 0B8ANDY. " SALE OF SHEETING t 3
SZ ¦ H A special Monday offering: — 1200 yards The most desirable and scarcest mate- ;We have made special preparations ., MONDAY* *;
"»— B Linen Crash Suiting: for Skirts and rial for Outing Suits and Skirts; shrunk for big "White' Goods selling to-morrow, m.«**i»i»« tnr *^
SI ¦ - y Suits. Regr. value, 20c yard. ; . . i Canvas Linen in a nice dark natural therefore exceptional values. -An opportunity to buy Bneeuw lor _^
Eg " '¦:¦¦ ¦ • color; special value at yard 25c 30 pieces 70-lnch "White Organdy, the less than the present manufacturers
2T* B llinDIO 7CDUVB P1UGU1UC IHn Vn ;- : regular 50c quality. Monday — yard 3D u price. I
JC= B MAUnAottrflln UlnDnAmd IUC TUi U/UITC PHRnPn nnil- IQf» YARfl FNfii l^H iMlR PlfiTH 2500 ytfrds 81-lnch bleached Sheeting. --.
ZZ 1 A great assortment to choose from: WHITE -CUHUtD HQU- I9C YAHU. tNbLI^H tUHb bLUIH. a well-known brand; regular vmlue 24c;
•— ' m Ginghams that are good value at 15c— 600 yards on special sale, of a' heavy- B0 pieces, the sort that always retails Monday ....... yara asc
H • in pretty stripes and checks, in the Dest weight /Whit* Pique; the regular 25c at- $2 50 a piece (of 12 yards each). 1200 yards 45-inch Pillow Casing.
Sn B^ colorings; special value yard lOc grade Monday yard 19c Monday ;. piece $1.05 worth 13^c; Monday only yard 10c -— j
I IMPORTANT EVENT IN SEPARATE SKIRTS AND SILK ETONS. 1
5"" Opportunities come thick and fast "in our immense Suit Department. Such values as we give you rightly Justify people in pronouncing this the most popular price »tort US
g~ i in this city. Another important Skirt. event here to-morrow In PEAU DE SOIE, and CLOTH DRESS SKIRTS — 300 of the latest and best Models in Skirts that we secured much — *
under regular value. The price concessions given us we now give to you. ;!>„*• • ¦ ¦ •• . ¦. , , r -* 32
I $22,50 and S25.Q0 Peau de Soie f3k^ Silk Etons and Blouse Jackets, i
fc= ««rl T«tf«l« Pl,!^ f n , ¦^-^ffirSBF rr Worth $10.50 and $12.50, for
"*" Jinn I 3TTPT/I \KIiTn TOI P\ At nc> future time will the saving advantages be
SX UlIU IQIlUlQ UlllllO IUI ;A/ /K*I so "eat on high class iip-to-date garments, aa there ff% ¦"¦¥ fT/\ -^
•»-. _. , . „ , u , ci,.-* a- t '• ¦• ' -..-'.•'.- LAf f VT^/C ¦ ls on these to-morrow. There are PEAU DE SOIE. IJ* r / Hi I ~"2
Charming and swell looking - Skirts made of iJn^JJ^>£j ' MOIRE SILK and TAFFETA ETONS and BLOUSE 3^ £ •*J\J Z^
&Z the best Peau de Sole and Taffeta, very attractive fl> J f* C\\\ ' DIP JACKETS, very nobby effects, lined with white %XJ B «„_,, t
fc ! 1 ,^ 1^ SSP^iJito^tSZ Ion ' S K ; H^^i *^«UU . yj^'^U ** tin - Perfectly cut and stitched, actually worth V fl Ea C&
fc- their hang. Skirts that are grand value at 522 50 """ I y\ W /\. v -
!^™.,.. »^ , v^Ak Handsome Dress Skirts, $fi.95s
\flip nf Wfl^h rlrPQQ \kirta at \\ 7h Fa / w ° rfh *«o.oo-. for \p\j Each
ZZ OCllG Ul If dull LflGOO OIVIIIO Ul UHllV I-US / . choice of SO Dress Skirts, in Cheviots, Venetians. Broadcloth and -—
ZZ An unprecedented bargain of a choice lot of Ladles' Wash Dress Skirts. U Alpaca made ™£™™^'*™*™*^™%jM* .^f, 3 f n <» =^
TIT mai^p nf a- nvirt nuaHtv Polka Dot Duck In Black and Navy also of Grass * tucks, finished In the new kilted full flare or graduated effects. In all sizes -^»
£ Linen °cA^iWe.a^h^t^Mn<^^^^^^^ latest /&*. £? d J ength9 ' *" 8eld0ln » alteratlon necessary-^n these a great bargain
•-_ graduated Spanish flounce; they, are great leaders, and are well worth $2 50; /L, *^^^ Monaay f«.i>5 Each--*,
9ZZ on sale to-morrow at $1.75 Each //Ho t\ i f% t\ B O • J m I t% l n ¦¦¦ ¦ • ""••
1150 Silk P.Bttic»ats;''»sa? $5.95 Ea.^C^^' 00 MercerKe i B J5H a J« en PettlMats - 1
gt: • '; .-•• The biggest, of Petticoat values, that you must see to appreciate, have W //^^4 '• • .^=^3 • A - very exceptional offering— better Skirts than we g%\ A ff f\
*Z" Just been expressed to us by our New York buyer. . They are made .of fine. I. U Ifegai^ \ ever before offered at this price. Made of a fast Black W^ /m ill I "*?
fc: . rustling Swiss Taffeta, with graduated accordion plaited flounce and extra >>^. Jr:.S ,.-. \, - ,-^y ..Mercerized Sateen, finished with two ruffles, and daintily 2?^ I • w \^ -^
wZ dust ruffle, in all the new spring colorings and Black. Skirts that are ab- T.'- — 4 ' 'Y trimmed with hemstitching and tucking; good value at fjj 9 Fnr>h ~^*
»— eolutely worth ?8 50 on special sale to-morrow $3.95 Each ' • .. • .'."¦ . ?2 23, on sale at .........,'...... ..i*l.oO Each *•»*<** -^
llftl- I 2000 PAIRS OF iiM GLOVES FOR MONDAY [«£& |
fc^'*" ' ' ' fa For to-morrow we will hold. the Greatest One-Day CJl6ve< Sale that -lias; occurred... . ¦ EgSB dS^jk 4% H
SEZ A great variety, in Ej here in months and months. We have bought at less than the Importer paid for Mr gT SQ y The newest effects In rS
the most | effective H them a very large quantity of Women's Prime Italian Glace Gloves, made with' B gj eJ a ' S ™«t Leather and -*•
styles, at H two consolidated fasteners and fine embroidered backs. Every pair is abso- « 1»dx ft J « s h a op 6 C0 71? t —
n fl»C Cft tfC nn U 1 lutely perfect and was manufactured to sell at $1.00 a pair; in the following color- S 1^ g priced for to-morrow =2
SOiOUi $OiUU 10 H lngs:,Tan, Brown. Red, Mode and Black; sizes 5^ to 7. This entire purchase will B _ tj , 9 a t
'?^ '-. « «« o •» H be placed on sale for to-morrow only, and remember that we will guarantee every - £¦ rmT I nr r , z^
SIOiUU 3 SUIli El P alr - e y en at the astonishingly low price of....... "/••""•""""I""'!" 7 ' 90 pair M tSClli Z2J
I MAGNIFICENT OFFERS IN LACES AND TUGKINGS 300 PIECES 35c SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON MONDAY |
Another great Lace transaction that will cause some lively , selling here this we'ek. . A great Ribbon Offering for Monday, of the finest quality 4- inch Satin -^ -^ -. —m
«»~ n.» ar» lust the Laces you will want every day for dress trimmings and underwear. Taffeta Ribbon, of an elegant finish, in fashion's favorite tints. Including 1 1 *J I, -^E
Tney areguBi ine * unnwr*' *' innn rtn,™ T7 A T V "NT C T T 1*1 ¦pi *J S White.^^ Cream, Light Blue. Pink. Nile. Lilac.. Mais, Cardinal. Turquoise. £irSZ, ,^
•— POINT BE PARIS EDGINGS 1000 dozen V A. Ij ±j X»l t. X *« J^ Xil *i & etc .— every yard worth 35c, for Monday only at 23c yard. 6U\J Yard —
'S^' AND INSERTIOTTS In the choicest I/ACES, the prettiest and daintiest, de- ¦* - * ,* . - *«*»* _^»
•" patterns at 8 l-3c, 12i5c, 15c and 25o • signs, at 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c and" 65c > ' ;
E ""black chanwllt oa. "all over laces a™ tuck. SALE OF LININGS MONDAY IN THE LEADING COLORS 3 ,
"LOONS all silk, in dainty effects, at INGS, a great variety at 25c, 39c, 50c The most popular of all Skirt Linings, a very lustrous Taffeta, 36 Inches wide. «•„ — • 1
•*- 12%c. 15c and 20c yard. t. and 75c yard. /. . in colors and black; regular value 15c. Mondayat Yard .lit I
E ANOTHER SILK WAIST SALE. 300 NEW WHITE LAWN AND COLORED CHAMBRAY WAISTS. %
% Th ,w a , t s.K t^^A?oc^ h .i. 7^ f °L^ ,__.: $1.50 Values. Monday's Eitraordlnari!, Low Price oJ 3
•^" ishment and we therefore decided to repeat it. In this lot rf% £\ Ul] Here s a Shirt "Waist special destined to create a bustla :¦ ¦' "~2
fc: : are o\-er 500 new arid fashionable .Gibson Waists, made of M**j/ AM to-morrow in our bargain square. These smart and correct ft\ A Ar
<^- p»au de Soie and Taffeta, in all the pretty spring colorings and ¦^»-r>V # *-' *^ summer Waists are made of White Lawn, dust .• tucked and I I il """•
*— wnoit m all sizes Waists that we bought for less than half %YS\S TTopS Insertion, have tucked Collars and Cuffs. Also Chambray I '• V^ Z3
C^ orlcerto be offered for to-morrow at the marvelously low t^ . *¦• «"»-*. and Gingham Waists In beautiful stripes' and" colorings. CL> A P..I. -^
•*- price of ?3^0 each. (On sale on the new second floor.) . Regular $1 50 values to be sold for to-morrow only at "^ ««»*» -^»
' ' ¦ ___- — I — -i , COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION Vj ¦ =5!
E Aj L- WOOL j^$? / ih* U/h- a SPECIAL UNDERWEAR VALUES. 3
I VOILE D'ETAMINE gj.00 gSm^mM^AffyW ' HWS\
E, Special Value 'at Yard .BwfmWBB^ 3
to-morrow. A very popular and soft Ig&p* LISLE HOSE ZOO PAIR* i^j
gr- fabric, in shades of Pearl Gray, iBrown, ' <- *^^0^ Ladies' fast Black All-Over Lace =S
m Champagne. Cadet, Reseda; New Blue. ' Lisle Hose, extra length, in pretty Z2
S-- Tan. and Rose. A leader at $1.OO Yd > ''^ ¦ ..- patterns, grand value at 2Sc Pair
juitwuiiuu" \ iiumuiiUn»uaiUiajunummiwTiiiiKRochambeau left this. Tcountry cro.Wn«d iWth
the laurels of success and the bearer of ev«ry
token of recognition which a greatful Country
could bestow. If- he ? were 4 permitted Tta • rt-*
turn to earth, he would see in the matchls**
prosperity of the. country »an ample vlnd-lca-
tion of the" principles of government for -which
the battles in America were fought. He would
find that the thirteen feeble. colonies, had grown
to forty-five vigorous States, that the 3,*000,000'
dure as a symbol thereof "in the eyes of the
generations to come./ . ¦¦ • . | - ., J
GENERAL -POBTER SPEAKS. *
Following the' French Embassador,'Gen
eral Horace Porter,-; United Stat^s'.;Em
bassador to : France, was j Introduced.
eral Porter dwelt upon the nobillty.bravery
and modesty of r Rochambeau' s character
and the cordiality which marked the're
latlons! between j him. t and .Washington.
Saio he:;. , ¦ \ ' . '; '' .;,.'.. \
those" idfals of Justice and liberty for. Which our
fathers uf ought and,; Wed together *120; years
since had really 'borne fruit In the hearts' of
men. .--i.-il: ,vri •> <-,<y f - . •'•.«.
, It is , a happy cpXncJdence.; that r even~ while I
.am 8pealtlng here,' the youthful- and generous
sovereign' who had summoned the ! peace con
ference at :The Higue and- the President Of the
French Republic art together. In St. Petersburg
Thuswernay behdld' everywhere, even in the
'remotest 'reirions'-.df -the | earth";* a manifest ex
pression, of •> the same - sentiments of /union by
and. between the- highest and supreme -repre-'
sbntatlved of nations. ¦-«¦:¦ -• ... , . ., ..
• Nor art; these mere barren manifestations.
The world, gradually. aftloliig, In. self -consclouss
ness, begins to frown more and more severely
on- those , who seek to disturb • its peace, and
when we jneasure.'the: work; accomplished and
the advance : made ; since, _Washlnrton . and
Rochambeau : f ou £ht .- together for : the good ' of
humanity, .we • may ' well : conclude that- they
have - riot- combated in« vain. .This 'monument
shall bear witness: to this, fact and shall en-
.' Tou have shown by this act that - something
new had taken birth between the nations, that
they might be united by a bond of disinterested
sympathy and of mutual good will, and that
command: they bend in one common chord the
national hymns, and in celebrating their com
mon'glory they give the world an example of
fidelity and friendship.
THANKS ALL AMERICANS.
This friendship you have proven to ¦ us.
The French Antilles have Just suffered the
shock of a traffic ,e vent, of a catastrophe the
like of which the 'world had not. witnessed for
twenty centuries. The President of the United
States, Congress and the American people have
vied/ with one another In 'promptness to send
relief to our stricken countrymen. Permit me
to avail myself on this solemn occasion to
thank publicly, in the' name of my Govern
ment and country, you yourself.'Mr. President
and the entire population of these ; United
States. ,:•.-.'¦
elon which Is headed by the most eminent of
our general officers. General Brugere.
Rochambeau was a strict' disciplinarian, a
severe and courageous commander. Careful of
the lives of his men, he was wont at times to
remark to the young men around him that dur
ing the long course of his military career 15,000
men had died under him, but that he could
not reproach himself with the death of a single
one of these. Thus, he earned for our army
the esteem of your people and won for himself
the affectionate devotion of your great Wash
ington. -
Hence It Is that this monument, which In -
'appearance seems only destined to evoke the
recollection of warlike deeds, becomes by the j
character of the struggle which It recalls and
of the man whom it glorifies a monument and
pledge of union between two nations. • To-day,
last as they did 120 years ago, the soldleri and
sailors of France and of the United States
stand side by side; they surround this monu
ment; they- march under one and the same
It to i very great honor for mo to speak
her« as the Embassadir of the French repub
lic, and to express to you all-to-day, who rep
resent here the Government, the, magistracy
and the Congress of the United I States, our
appreciation of the homage which you are now
paying to tb« man who carried to their dos
ing triumph the fleurs-de-lis of ancient France.
T»-da.y th« French republic tends you a mis-
As the President closed his remarks the
Countess de Rochambeau drew aside the
veils enveloping the figure, bringing into
view the massive bronze proportions of
the famous French commander, standlnr
proudly erect, with arm outstretched, di
recting the fortunes of war on the field of
Yorktown. A great cheer went up from
Frenchmen and Americans alike, and at
the eame instant the marine band broke
Into the inspiring strains of "The Mar
eeillaise." As the French national hymn
<Jied away Embassador Cambon escorted
to the front of the platform the youthful
sculptor. M. Harnar, who executed the
etatue. Then the Embassador. speaklne
In French, delivered a brief address. He
said in part:
STATUE IS TJNVEH^D.
I am sure, my fellow citizens, that you wel
come the chance which brings It about that
this embassy of the French people should
come to our shores at the very time when
¦we, In our turn, have done our part In start
ing' on the i»ath of Independence a sister re
public — the republic of Cuba. (Applause.)
Mr. Embassador. the American people, pe
culiarly because they Are the American pscple
ana because the history of the United States
has b«en bo interwoven with what France has
done for us; also because they are part of the
whole world which acknowledges and must
e\ f er acknowlege In a peculiar degree the
friendship of France, among so many lines In
the march of progress and civilization — the
American people, through- me, extend their
thanks to you and In their name I beg to ex
press my acknowledgments to the embassy
that has come here and to President Loubet
and all of the French nation, both for the
£? v u, f ? r the magnanimous spirit of friend
ship behind the deed, and I thank you. (Loud
Applause.)
Mr. ETT.ba-SEador, and you, the representa
tives of the mlgrhty republic of France — I ex
tend to you on behalf of the people of the
united States the warmest and most cordial
greeting;. We appreciate to the full all that
la Implied !n this embassy, composed of such
men as those who have been sent over here
by President Loubet to commemorate th-i un
veiling of th« statue of the great marshal,
•wbo, with the eoldlers and sailors of Frar.ce.
etruck the decisive blow in the war which
etarted this country on the path of Inde
pendence amons the nations of the earth.
(Applause.) I am sure that I rive utterance
to the sentiments of the United States, of
every American to whom the honor and the
rlory of our republic in the past, as in the
present, are dear, when I say that we prize
this fresh proof of the friendship of the
French people, not only because It Is neces
sarily pleasing- to us to have the friendship
of a nation so mighty In war and so mighty
In peace as France has ever shown herself to
be. but because it is peculiarly pleasant to
feel. that, after a century and a quarter of
Independent existence as a nation, the French
republic should feel that in that century and
a. quarter we have Justified the sacrifices
France made on our behalf. (Applause.)
At its conclusion President RooBevelt
stepped to the front of the platform and
extended a generous welcome to the
French guests. The President spoke as
follows:
As the President concluded his address
the Countess de Rochambeau caught up
the cords of the flags enveloping the
statue and the massive bronze rigure
emerged from the folds of red. white and
blue. At the same instant the boom of
an artillery salute came from a battery
of heavy guns near by, and the strains of
the trench national hymn came from the
marine band. It . is an inspiring mo
ment, and, led by President Roosevelt,
the vast assemblage joined in cheering.
Another demonstration occurred at the
ciose of General Brugere's address, when
with characteristic French vehemence he
gave this pledge, of undying Franco-
American friendship: "Entre vous, entre
Jious; a la vie. a la mort" (Between you
between us; in life, in death).
Cardinal Gibbons was to have opened
the exercises with an invocation, but in
his unavoidable absence the Rev. r>r
Stafford delivered an impressive opening
prayer.
E00SEVELT»S FORCEFUL WORDS.
UNDYING FRIENDSHIP.
PfiOMINENT MEN ATTEND.
Within this amphitheater were gathered
representatives of every branch of the
Government, including the .President of
the United States and members of his
Cabinet, the Chief Justice and Associate
Justices of the United States Supreme
Court, the lieutenant general of the army
ai-d the aainirai of the navy, Senators
aud Representatives. Not less alstin
tjuifched was the representation of France
uesigt:aic-d by President l^oubet and in
cluding Oent-raL Brugere, the highest tteld
officer in the .t'rench army; Vice Admiral
Fournier, inspector general of the French
r.avy; the venerable General Count Chal
andar. the descendants of Rochambeau
end Lafayette and others distinguished
in French military, official, artistic and
literary life. With them were the French
KmbafcEador, M.. Cambon, and the entire
etafi: of the French embassy, all in bril
liant diplomatic uniform, wnile the diplo
matic corps was represented by the Ger
man, Russian, Italian and Mexican Em
basfc-acors and the Ministers from many
foreign countries. President Roosevelt
ard the members of the Cabinet were es
corted from the White House by a file of
m;nute men dressed In the uniform of
Continental days. The President noted
the appropriateness of the uniform for
tLis occasion and made a brief compli
mentary speech to the escort. When the
Piesidtnt arrived at the Presidential
stand the entire assemblage arose and
greeted him with lusty cheers. After an
impressive invocation by Rev. Dr. Staf-
Icid, who took the place of Cardinal Gib
bons, President Roosevelt delivered the
aadress of welcome. He spoke in strong
voice and with great earnestness, pausing
frequently at the outbursts of applause
The ceremony of the unveiling occurred
at the southwest comer of Lafayette
s>uuare, almost directly opposite the W'nite
House, where the massive statue of the
French general has been erected. Sur
rounding the figure were great stands to
accommodate tne many distinguished of
ficials and guests invited to take part in
the exercises. On every hand the colors
of France and America were blended, one
f.iac being hung with great folds of red,
another with white and still another with
blue.
WASHINGTON, May 24.-Amid the en
thusiastic demonstration of a great con
course of people the superb bronze statue
of General Count de Rochaxnbeau, who
brought the forces of France across the
sea at the hour of greatest peril in the
American Revolution, was unveiled to
day. Seldom has an event presented so
many brilliant features of military,
pageantry and at the same time gave oc
casion for the manifestation of the strong
bonds of friendship existing between the
French republic and the United States.
For the first time in its history the na
tional capital witnessed the sight of rank
upon rank of French seamen swinging
through Pennsylvania avenue ami
mingling their cheers with those of the
American bluejackets and soldiers, while
at the same time the French tricolors
were entwined with the stars and stripes
aud the sound of the "Marseillaise" was
heard along with "The Star-spangled
isaiiner."
President Roosevelt and Other Dis
tinguished Men Pay Tribute to
the Compatriot of Wdsh-
ington.
Forces of the Two Republics
At Unveiling of Rocham
beau Statue.
Significant Scenes and
Speeches at Nation's
Capital.
STRENGTHEN
FRIENDSHIP
FOR FRANCE
THE SAN FB^^B^yfiSffill^iJBXY; MAY 25 1902.
of p«6j}l» had been swollen to S5.000,COO,> that
the population r had been- strengthened * by ' an
inWrwefcvlnS of: the- stoutest fibers of other na
tions, arid nurtured -by the best llootf of many
landa 1 1 ytMamRTil^-wWclT oncetitrUBffled for
bare existence in ar few, AU*ntic <; States .- had
moved -across, a: vast continent and hod been
•planted even' in the opposite end* of the -earth.
He. would find here all' things «han*ed except
Vl**'.**^"^ 8 ' Of ; P*" 1036 tot. his «erUcel
1 '.l*i 'Ti'^i • v e«as«nK-.' Living, he dwelt
in- the Affections • of his .American comrades;
dead,, he lft enshrined in the hearts of their
poateritjr.Vfof the friendship of .the fathers is
a txfcio ui lemcy_to the jons_ an j • a" common
herltafe* ; af an ancient (rlory whfch can never
be divided. .,¦ , . :¦._'_.. t - , -.,4 J
Thi« itatu« ' is.riot simply to .'comrnemorate
war.'but;to typlry;g6od will between the new
est republic ; of * the Old Woria and 'the - oldest
republic , of . the New.' "World. . . . -
was Senator
Eodge, of Massachueettfr.-who* began his
address as the French band concluded
a selection. As Lodge closed the French
band played "The Star-Spangled Banner."
The closing remarks of the day were by
General Brugere, of the French army.
¦ Bishop Satterlee brought the ceremon
ies to a close with benediction and the
French and American' forces passed in.
review before the President.
A proposed ball on the French man
of-war Gaulois. while in New York wat
f ers has been abandoned because of the
{Martinique disaster. The reception was
[ Intended to be given by General Brugere
I. oh the 28th inst.- However, in view of
the appalling loss of life and suffering of
'the people of Martinique, It was deter
mined to dispense with the proposed ball.
I' Fortunate Is tbo bride who la wall
•groomed. • ; ?-3.ft-.f- .
21
THE 3MP0RIUM.
K THE~ EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
?THE EMPdiatJM:
THE EMPORIUM.
| .' A Great Special Sate of '¦ ' J\- > ' ¦ ¦¦¦ A Great Spatial Sale of
| Pretty and Seasonable Lvces, |^fei^^ / , * Beaded Oha el ine Bags, SUOO.
v Beginning Tuesday Morning r we shall offer at /o^U^'-tU't - i — - ' *- u ,» «
| spec*! sal? on- 6ur counters in the main aisle, more %p£14&^^ Be *.!!L»i?M Tuesday corning we shall offer
J than 800 dozen yards of Point de Paris, Normandy " CAUFORNIA ' S '^^^f$i_^/^ at^^pecial. sale a .large consignmrnt of arge size Chate-
j: Valenciennes, and Torchon Laces and Insertions; this * ; lail1e B^\ witH ful1 beaded front, fringed edge and
Jf lot consists entirely of pretty Ivasi laces, in an immense variety of new and rj ¦ jjl.JT^^^^W. • "Xlfi » RICA S °f AP * DEST S "!"°7^ haridSOme OXydized frames 'tl a TieW and Uniqil£ de-
S pcaaing patterns; for trimming summer dresses and underwear. Th-y range y S^^^to®^^ sittn-^thP h*P cK*m^ lin-H ,nH rhamniQ hirlt ak
X r -A \- ;; T/ . , 6 ,fr ... . . • . ¦ . town OvwJt.da\tacnpiioimince...Amon*ihe oms ,o b >u e bv sign— ine. ... Dag cnamois Unecl and chamois DacK — as
j in width from, to 4> < inches; anJtf we had bought them m the regu ar fk > Bernaidsm^WeekMSii^o. Be.-m% n and Von T >' 's l*tit a<fotfvaii&aS ai.V.?2.Ooba* Shown heretofore— hicrh-
* way. wcrid have to be sod at 8#c. ioc and i*%c p:r __ ''JilW L-'/' \ t^t Hd£le , Hv In; &¦ Co ' 's -^aJ hit "Just °^} dIiy,. r .OO DJ O SnOWn n.reiOTOre nign
J. yard. Ycur unrestricted choice of the entire lot, -beginning £&££ P~MhdkY\:.^ CiaSS-., desirable nOVeltie-5 beginning £%4j ffi fS
Tuesday; per yard j. "*" v:cWS. . Eoe.jjibur '/*> ih-io a.m. utiil 5 />'. in. AJmision Free. . . Tuesdav, each..::. ..<.......... " *pB*+f*J
* . r : i : -• ' • .*•• \.-\. .:>.*- '¦'-<¦ ' ¦ •• - - - • '-••' '••>,• 7| t -¦¦¦- • • ¦ • ¦ r
I . Jkm&zlmsg Silk '-^i^^^i^hsseB^ Qiierlngs fair Mohtiay*
I Two more of those master ..strokes' 'j ri". 'nfi^' re Ijdn'disi ng .>y,h ich 'have .'rriatiej tHlstpjoss^i store the bargain center
I of California. - Two great business-brin|i rig salfes for us—two great mone^aviril "s&fes for you.
I j Safe B&autliul lmp&B*i®£$ .Silks S&l® Po^tieroSp Go\?&ir&, Tapssti+ies*
I Worth Upt® $3.0O--lfapnd&liB%$$&^ Manufaciurer$' About Mill Cost
\% We have purchased from a New York Importing House the greatest collection of fine Monda y on 'y '*si&M'$* bi e * io «'wki f«eth e irivjig e bf>hb«$!n«rr.rn 5 oo rDiiisrmpes of th=cho; c «t effects in Porterts, Tab: e corcn
|« Nove:ty Silks thst 1 ave ncr ben «nci<d at srccial :z.c n S ? n Frar.cisco. 16 this .are sbrre o' tne htest Paris and Fum.turc T* rts trie, that wre m^hctn^forthi-stKoijtiefos at a quzn.or tUf the lowest regular
;» . , , n .. ,, , „ • , . ,-. „ „ . . : -I'-'i ; . » ¦ PGtaii pt*lc & ihey cculd be toM f.r. The latttt rnent lie udif :.'... .
! K nove ties, such s s the Do.,y Vaiccn, Pcmp.dour aud DcBarryt fleet;; aho a-; args in f.ncv Armurfs, 2 (0 Por kres a'd v cuch (.oxers - Dout»6-(a«d r«p. trill*. tubtiVth rmafl pa-tetnt, aso har.d st m S flcial d«gns. Oriental and Bagdad effects,
j J. Peiu de Soic.% Satin Meivcilleux and Satin criccts — ali r ch Co or ccmbina ions. X.hsre are^ Si k», for street weir and m.-rceriz.d fabrics, et.., that >re 3 y.ir^s-org, ; 50 Iflfi's Wtde» ahdViH'be * Id each . '„ . . . . 6S0 to $6,25
£ silks for the evening, silks !or shirt wa'ss, unde: skirts, lin ngs, ruffl ngs, etc. - Not ay«rcfin ; the '. - • 50,,Ta h I ft^t'oy i xa^dtAq wre^^W^ tapi^^r^ r n«^«^^ Ik^ 1^^^ -— 1.^ 1 "** 1 • 6 in to $1,7O
i entire co lection "worrh lew than $1.25— th: most ot t worth irom to 53.00 cer yard;' begin- JJ7^T» oj ft 1 f W * , Ccv F eri T. a ua /?' lrin .6 cd "'« 'tvenibV, whcli'are hitilcea tp sejl 5 rcm . - - • • • • S1.13 io $1.88
*t «, - 1 t • •¦ mi. l -1 l . /. . . ° . ,. .. j UP M MM 200 ?arnples Furrilue Tape. tries — in 1 ahd \*A yard .en jthsj in satins, cot ons, broc»t£ls, wool, in tact trom the cheapest to the best qualitiei
S mng Mcnd?y, the Empornm wi.j sell the te superb M.ks at the sstonishingly .ow special price — per yard T^ .*^ marked to sell - each : '" - 5" : •'. r - mnpat » uc o«t qraiiDt^
fit - ¦ ¦ -' ' ¦ - ' •¦'¦¦••.¦ ** * * * • * •;•'"• • •*... •_ r . m ' • , • X- '''.'.'¦' ' ' ' ' ' ' * ' * " ' ' ' **fO TO Ow*WV
if Glove Sale* gP%0jg JF llSlfip'S^; '.+ ¦££'.:<. '¦* 'jp^I^^-m'""- '- : '-
\^ * \^«sSQ\ 'r'-U' -: '.>: . •':..• :^ : ' \ .^ l *"v Blankets at remarkably low
!j: back and white, tan?, reds and f6wi^ iSfek ' - ' jtfS&L '- ' .'• ' " ' '.• " ; ' ¦ ' *j| " ¦ \ ¦ I V.'/ '¦ P^CeS.
!?. grays, with a neat one-row self and rtV'laffll aXLl : W$m ''AMflfiwKBi " /ftt\ . — s. X^N. L^O '. '¦-".••'¦- ' 4 Gray Blankets; cotton warp; pr. 53
| J which wr guarantee, offered as a */0*^f'»ii , juii j^^ t Cf>, S yC^\ j' 'f-^^pP^ 1 — — v_\*\^ Jf\ fi \JtJU^ «i_^O <jjft ' \**<%vi n-4 White Blankets; 7a in. wid:; pr. $2*38
|J special fcr Monday cn'y, -q • . '' W^n '^^^^S >Kn9 \* ' ' " '^U^T B st 7 lb. WLit: Wool Blanket; pr. $6,95
S FsbHo G QVeSm y v "ft* 4^/miV' '\&' l 'Muy!\ ¦ /vJt-'/iX /^>J^\ /Cc?. l 'v8v !^SSrS r '" ¦ ' Q^VW-*'' y.Wte^ns«n thenal twilled jean; ths best
% Wcmsn antl Children. / ti - >^5^s#%fp5%®w¥ IVraM^I #^d=vX J^^K^K $W% yStiS "M P\ : ¦«**;""*&* "<*> p £™' dra ™£ tt^i
. ,,.-,,• / .,f / -• . ¦¦ \; > ; \ > ¦¦ \ J t jUbm&l\\ ¦ V VH^S 0.1 I '¦¦ 1*. f '¦>>'• a\ :x«-«\ .i *-Of* A' 4 ~^1t.**.X^ CA f *V i«V«\' A'/h • UV?'\ ¦ manutacturcM by the \V amsutra Mills: 16
i r N ew « t «;I«, best qua ity.^test colorings. 0y£ J?\ jTt 07/7^ i.WAl li'JPPi fSJ^TW^I M^^^&J ffifi t^^ ' inches wide;bsLd or ,2^c yard '
l Ghadrcn, Two-clasp Lisle Gloves-Cok^ | \^\^ J^^B ' M^^^^^ kS^^^ l^'^ly IS^
* Children's Two-clas? Silk Gloves— Whites and ' " ¦-*' '*" '¦'¦.- :':' ' ' .. :\]y ;: ; - '' :• - • g A. -- , ' ' / - ; C last Line-', a good grade;' f « woven seWedfefJ
i wcmea'-sTwo-dasp'^ic'diom-cokf arfd Folks wha are Panning vacation trips; or are arranging to depart for their summer, horri^ should cut ! »fjjg!; wide j asso « ed chccks ' «_{«-
J bhek 350 out this part of our announcement and paste, it in their scrapbooks.- It "will be' a guide ali'sunimer. as to what - r;y IO °
J Women's Two-clasp TaffeU Gloves— Fast t0 buy and where to buy it. *•"• '. ¦¦¦ \ $y . ¦': " : ' :i xr\ r y, \ .; . I " • ' ,-. <' : :';.rV. ; " Fum'iturB BsrOSinS
it Wom=nV Twc-clas*p Fcwnes' Lisfe Gloves— * This Store is headquarters for Outing Godds. Everything to wear, to eat and- to drink, for Sports and for PastirriW, a^-lowest-prcs th t : f/Sond^V^^ Weelfm
t •( Colors and black. S5c good qualities can be hpnestly sold for. ¦ . . . -'. . ; , '-.,, r -¦' . v* . . • . ¦ , " ' "" 1 ' J ' *""?— ¦"¦¦¦. -— — «~ .• Jf the
\x Elbow and shoulder length Silk G.oves, " *< '£ '-'¦ ' :'%''. "- • ft *. •:;* ¦¦ ' v ; ¦ ' ' : / >; ;*,. pj&ty , . - /g5t !having Stand or
j m pmt, u*« lauMder.wK in* b.ack. $1,50 Books $1.08. . On Social Sale Monday, Handy Notions. l l]nMi SJ''?2SS s 5Sl
I M Latest Fiction. ' Fabrics tor Evening Party and ¦ : . Dress shs«^ ft r &\n Waists^r. : .250 \> » A\ uwedgoideniakorma-
ar Mercerized Sateen Haifa dozen goO d books to take with y o U; re- Graduation Dav Dresses* ' ' ¦ Ho *- s "?fa* t **«'< t -***r*i-*°*K.-.-.2tic ¦ . M jp\ ionized birch, with
!JS C mom S-* S «.rf Id. ~ +£ cently issued and now beine largely read- they - • .. ""> m^* m JT . m " 1799*S9m __ ; Safety Pini,a«orted *>cs, book. .:. . . & , /j # ,L French plate mirror,
* a* i&C j/r&ru, areal published at $1.50; our. ' v Several hundred of charming Satin Strip: Batiste, in 'the linen, colored Ladies' Leather Be is . . K 3 Qo an J 2Bo " Jm=^===ML rc<Juccd from *"-oo
X I aoo yards B'ack Mercerized Sateen; 33 ; inches cut price, Mor, day only '.-. StmQS ground pplainiahd,Brodc WOvJn, with rich CO. ored Stripes; a " beautiful material Curling _ Irbrt?,' eich. , '. , \ „ .." 7.'. ,/i"# ' mW^*£Z"iZSSt^^ fcr this week . . . .
it wide; guaranteed fast color; soft sitia like fin- »N O n e but the Brave"-Hnmblen Searr. fcr. summer Presses, f«hiohab!e and uselul, a 20c va'uei Monday only, ab !"' t ; ; H ' ir P . inj ' 100 P !ns -f O fc^^^f' . . . $7,25
» isn; and having all the appearance otreal "Audrey:'-Mary Johnston. v ' ! '^->> ' ' ' ' c V ".-J ¦ ' ' ' #^» i Shell SiteXomb.s,.ptir ..,...,., . .fSo lhre--FI c- Parlor
* satin; on special sa!c Monday only: --- ' "The Man From Glengrarry"— Connor, ' -"?T .......*.. .V. .....; ............^ .....J4j Back Combs, ntw ihapes, e»ch . . . .kSC HS^S^H^^li <..;? w »»»•- ~JL
|5 . yard..-. T. .. f . I'IGC cha^Ln^
Jf . "The Thrall of Lelf the Lucky'^Lll. rect maerul for Ladles?* and Children's D esses, Waists, etc.; the + *%'A Shoe Lace*, lUck»nd tan, p»n. ..... O gp^ Rocker- urholstVred
5 Summer Undorw ear lencrantz - -., t^O.l tt ?^lK^^ ts -- u - : --ssq^ f f wilh spr!ngs> aad
J Ladies' Richelieu Ribbed Eeyptian Cotton Vest, '. JT Of^ £ fc//,/« M . . ¦ P]^^^ . ... ! """* " **"" "
f —Low neck, no slcevesr plan and tutiran- -. -T - '' "f"*** 5 " Linen BatVe-j* inch e$: wldej ;direct frdfn Belfast; yard. .. . . . ...V. . . . . . 2\i6 " ">'-*'' "r * ' : ' ' ; ' "' ' ' ' '* K Tcours of d fferent col-
%' daily trimmed around neck and armholes; TO T3KQ iO COUntrV. Mercefited Charribrays— Rain, lolid Co'ors, fine weave; yard . . . .'.;.... . . . 2*: Q WSShib O N otiW^at* \ oti i fotmci] Y $>p-°°M
*: colorwhite. t2%O Croquet Set . . . 75c Brownie Cameras . 8)c' ' B1icOTajh~GFe&drnT^^^ . . . 2&C J^,\ X -^ ' A 'w^r^ Ii' ' '¦ **"
J> Lad.es' Rcheiieu R-bbed Maco Cotton Vests— Tennlf Racquets/.' 75c Fishing Rod ... 85c ¦ 'v - . . . '. * ' . 5* ~ » : V^-^^/fe 3^^ meat Ii *KdK S ..B2O.OO
X: Low neck, no sleeves; well finished ia every Tennis Ball. ... 25c A Good Reel .. . 10c ' y^i? X^^ ' -'*Boy&* ¦ M^Si'S QutiltU * UltSm G6 * Madri* Wash \ Ladies' Rocker —
* way; white, p:nk. and sky . . . . . tSC Jumping Ropes . . 5c Fish Basket 75c fCffi '/f^ \Al~c-U Men's Crash Su ts— A 1 lben, crash that will \^<* *tft.^ ..' Neckwear in white L.^^TTT?^a With brace arms and sillc
Ladie*' Richelieu Ribbed Lisle Thread Vests— Wagons and Car;s. 25c Bucket and Spade. . 5c "f" ¦. ¦ not shrink or lose color when washedj.we V^S! W^" M/ and frncycolorlnffs ' P^ -^aj tapestry seat, hand poish-
tt Low neck, no s'eevrs; finished as above; col- Garden S;ts ... 25c Sand Toy Sets. . . 25c J Jiuttigm" guarantee a perfect fit and satis fictory wear] W U '.'»'i- t « this most SI ed, mahogany finished,
Jf crs whitr, ecru, } ink and sky . . . 25c Wheelbarrows. . 25c Stout H.mrnock. . 65c ' Lj^^//?^' ' • -^ / .- '¦ ¦ ' J»-9S to . . . ..;... : $6i5$ \k U "' correct neck dress l*\ UK well made frame*; special
J Ladies' Swiss Ribted Cotton Vests and Pants— Reins .. 5c, 10c, 25c Air Rifle. .-. . .75c /V^%( On ; special sale -Mon- Men's Flannel Outing SltttH— V? »J - ' ink for womw- I- • W for this week . . . .
|jf Vests long or shcrt sleeves; pants knee or Butterfly Nets . . 25c aa-CaUber Rifles.$2.75 / ,)'. /YV ¦ dSv 'and ' Tuesday Al'-wcol flanne's, in the new sniped tffecti; j \ ; 'V^ i Ascoti «toc'-s' V « 1*& SS
K ankle length: color ecru and white . . 25c ' / " ; V( V) - C ''* - T' * V ' in blur, ol.ve and gray,' coats th: tound-cor- * 'vb-'Hi. ' *''" 'hun M r'h «•"« * * *
£ Ladies' Jersey Ribbed LUle Thread Combination O->#if i—~ 4 ..£««» V^lv YsJ S . ZtS ' 3 to IO ;.y ea "«v. nered sack style, trousen with trt rmlhert '•&«.. w!? lin A m Gold, n Oak Sideboard ' - V&f&T 1
J Suits— Low r.eck, no sleeves; white, ecru, BUMmng %, UlSS, X^^Jy^f ¦? made .of •absolutely > and turn-up at the I ottom, stylishly designed; ' •¦•»•'"'••• mbneScaris — Superb make and jj filfagte
g pinkandsky BOC MICH'S OJ* ' V 7 ' ' iastColor Madras handsome Outing Suil.;f 4 9S to $10.00 \ /' twice arcund the - finish; sample, only; "te * '"
i CP\\ lVrmp«^ V // / • and . percales, a l so Mens I icyclef US- Sr/ict)y .all-wool C aJ.- : \/ - . n*ck, ready-tc-tle sold formerly at 111! t\
| Folding Go-CartS. KpV 1^ S ' ¦'. Wi. , P- &» -shes, all ™^^^*!%tf£ **. > white and coior^ ? , J* ~iJJ I ||
V Don't tire Bathing Suits for men or - I U > V hrndscriieiy. trimmed : **-«« . ........ ¦ •„¦ • 35? and 5OC t. oc \. Tc^ ci to || ¦¦ \* 'M
5 y—f carry. 'S^S^S; M ¦ ' r< g . Dp ™™ n **>^ Fdr the GMs, cc ii^^-| Mi
\ \ ing the baby. Mk Y or double piece. -- W v- U arly for .... USfit. StOfQ PriCeS. ujj MS44t^ ..$26.50 « |» S'l
5 \ \\ These light rm \\ Boys' from . \V • . \ - • ' ' • ' $lk47 ! J'O". =>re going. ' ; , Uiff aPO Little, I Bd !?' ¦ \ '
** V^A folcine carts I NS^ 'Jj\ ' • 51.00 to $2.00 ' ' "' — '- V ' ,. camping this sea- ,-<;<q^ f " ' G i r 1 s ' OV.ralls- /¦?>. Thr:e - Fo'd Screen— Bj \\l ':] i
*: W''\ , ' u V^V^X Men's from '- ' • - ,i m . , .. <- d r 0i^ M ¦ \ :;. c . son or " eed a ' £&W7y7?fc~, ¦ brown Khaki ;. &®C\ ' , Oak or mahogany \\\ j ;! ;
t te-V'/A _- only -weigh 7 /^S\ \ \\ . .$1.25 tD $4-00 ' OutMO SMHSm new tent for any . . . :.S0o 3| " *-T ' finished, frame cot- l\U u ; ' H $
** \"1^5\ ITrLr^Z < l *M Bathlntf «uit— ' Grass Cloth SkiVt,, deep graduated 1 flounce, P Ut P <SC ' " /V W//// t /^A . Ladies' . and, Chil- F' ered «i:h fancy col- W?% I $%,
* W%t\- on^et'" I \X sVl asb^ictL navy 'tr,m^^^^ dren;s : Sun Ban-^ ¦". * > ored slkobes; special |j
i TT* SH 8 *2> A± The'iBiggs"- T TheiatestiKa P ew6odb«.5ro ' &> e$ Gild PlM ExifJ. . - Tenni. '; Fl.fl n \t\ of el.gaat deigns and colcnng, special th.,
| C g S2-4S ' M^ s Boys ,
| J UWmmpmsmti Chozp pinner Sat |&|iig^|§^ |^^^^^
J 5e Cigars . for Summer Horn?. • /. ¦¦¦v';. 1 M V'^:"^ V? %uaHt y Perc,! e y , with cuff, to match, % n d Si^m :.,.:¦..-. . . . .5Co ""****'
i 10 tOr 25C. S^W'^fj*^*'.^^ wteniive and nicc select: ° n of P attirn «J Children'. WasfiDreweJ-yerypretiy ones. . > S5O
S 'By the b0X 5 O $1.2 5 . p^a&in^^ HSS^Soft; comfortable shS .Surnr^r 'c^-««^Eatiste. .' [ lol d^ 5R ****
S - -. - • 8e t o fc"Uc«for S 7D^^ .ummer, -with cuffi to match; in a careful Fascin«brt fcr .vefiing w«K . v . ..7Si» * week i P«' ?««».-'• r OO«
% JameS LlCk ;" lirl v !T« -MZSLTriZ, £3.99 Teniiii.-B.lb. 23C, 3SO and4»C section of the newest patten, and c^l6r Short Skrti-O^ white tambrk .....© C , m^ % p \" ' .' "•¦• *••.• .' **£
I 10c Straight iSde^WSSm^ W^^M^^ S? |§1 " I ?*?" $ !\*l Conet l^t^^ e $M& :^&£&&£ Z'Eim
i Cigars L % §M$^^0^M H^|^S \ : S 2 ll '";- Sf ' 2 $
ft jm f ** *%*~ tumblers to match, on hammered si verine QCCtSl-0 tfS JOT. ln€ ¦game jO) '„ letlM!, ¦ ff , A.' "• ..•>••<¦ . .a - . ~~", itair Oil Llcthj remnants from oae to eight
S <; -I nW*'** r^ C '-' taJi W ° rth ilO ° 5 M ° nday ° nly #?Q#» and Ahe.pTOper.'ClOlhing f*r pliers,: HeS/TmSed, Cotton . . . . , BOO ' TrUhkS aiM B-ffS. : • yards; Monday or.ly ;P er yard. ...
$ I. Special all this week at these prices. j ... . .... . . 69C ma j e Q , ¦ fa ai g t v W ,, : ,..--'; " MadrL and Cheviot at ..'. . f Sb '¦ - f.C^ Trunk*,' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' 5O
it C • ° l« Cream Set— Fine imitauon cut glass, ix • ' __^_ — __-!_ . , ; S i k Stripe Madras. . . $f.OO, S1.3O \ 15^^^^^^^%! to stoFe'youV f3*»#/o». Qaf A
5 inch tray and «x square ice cream dishe. to ¦;, R&Rlpb* II << S.Ik and Wool ..;... ......... fc^^^^^SH i clothes and- trir.: _ JfOgiar&aiO
$ Liquors, Monday. mtch i the set $1.10 ; "f « / ** » B $1 si, $2,00, $2.50 KSglsriClJ kets •^ w Ma« tn Grocery Dept.
X H,c'< Swi %! 1 J TWn Bl0Wa W£t:f Tumb'tM-Rose color, J 8 !^ ¦*?*> *^ h T '$<> / O f2'?5 M « n '» Hardkerchiefs- A ipecbl-ialeYor Mia- . ..P^«S8£gaCgS awayinthewm. A Dollar nerer.went further in fint clan
* d v on 75C ? ' iS n " ¦ g °' d CdgC ° r irid " Cent With^ te 't &^r '• M [th frr)| , ' " *« p <O $& .UO day only; soft finished Japanot, full ,:re..wth [T . JT^fcg m^ Largest,: high grade Groc.rie, than it will in the big sto"
If M *?• 6 *y- • 45O of6. SI 0O Fled " " G OVCS {r °? • tO $3.33 embroidered initial in comer; only ... 8d 1 Jttr^ft 16-inch . on .Monday'
$ • H.TB^^Nfh^^l.^Bro^ ™« *< W 3 & imitation of c ut " """ '* i^O to** 30 & jJjI^mB WW^Q 3 ° C lb} V? nn
l «i Monday, per gallon. ,JPJ?.#.l „ „ Dg , anon ¦¦^¦,- -J ~-\ : . [..- . " ~. J^ . ¦ ... . BDC,73o and $1.OO covered, itrorg^ou'nririgs, bon bottom-. .. , ; . - . .^T . . / . . . .' .SUOO
i l«lplgpfe m^m^^sMBi ipg^pgp w§^m^m ¦ . W®to$$&&sfe ssifefi^M^s
X r,* 'nt' V. • • • • • -$3.60 entire country; ioo do«n of; the best styles, The jiunty> k.hd, for seaside, mountain .or city the thing to save clothe, during the summer t ..vji-iflfh . .-. 14.50 . Wheatine inSW^5 %Faln
* Ce^ P^ f P^- C " be / rankh0t0r o C ° d ' ""^ofehMSm with pretty borders,!^ and - .-^.*, 3 ply bnms,. 7S c va£ation , pair ... . .. . ... . 2 SO rrosSult. tin-Made ot rubber dcth, steel Fa. CV TttS-UiJ.£rf w'bdA BreaS
£ D S g c°K A I ' ' »!r ? B ° A ya u- S l \ " ther ' iM ° r With Chenillc ' *W>W&t*f°- ' ' • • $2.5O Men's Summer Unrfrvear-In a light weight n <ram*, B ,«s leck and ' .atche.,- very- lighten fS Oo"ngor G^ntSiL. $ jloO
i 2 J" S^ err y- G<)o<1 Wten* Mo^ y ' 5 'f 01 ' f' * ck ' magple ' br ° Wn and r °y al Cra$h r H£ti-In.white and fahcy.color, : -. . of soft finished :yarn, color, . blue. : weight; I'gZZXUct co*o?;- prKe-fofthe 24^ Rice-Fancy Loan whoVr^ins- ailbsS/IoO
5 b ° tde$ - • ' • StMU blue, each. . ........ S r) o ...._._ ..:2S.C, ,5? O, 7S O pink or ecru, garment ...» . . SOO i inih i|«\. i., ............ .$t.6B frunes-Extfa large; 13!^ ... . $1.00This bit of wisdom comes from, China:
"There are things which can never be
Imagined, but thera is nothing which may
not happen."
me trails into this district ar« moat accessible.
For-ratea. etc. addreas T. K. STATEI^at
G. A.. 647 Market it.. S. F.
PP Going to Thunder Mountain P?
The Northern Pacific Railway la tS» test.
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewiston
and Stltes. Idaho, there ara good wagon roads
tn either Warrena or Dixie, from which points
Townsend's California glace fruit. Boo a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends
£39 Market St.. Palace Hotel bulMi^g?**
Special information supplied daily ts
business houses and public men by th«
Pi ess Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call.
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend**.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend*s.«
A CHANCE TO SiMILE.
Sad Havoc— "Western Man— "We had a
terrible conflagration in Dugout City last
week. Only seventeen houses left stand-
Ing.
Eastern Man— My goodness! How many
were there before the fire?
Western Man— Nineteen.— New York
Weekly.
"Hello! Where are you going with the
gun?" inquired Gasaway.
"Gunning. Where do you suppose?" re
plied Brightly.
"Perhaps not, but I could hit a darn
bore, and I might be tempted to do It any
moment." — Philadelphia Press.
"Huh! You couldn't hit a barn door."
"No. sir," said Mr. Meekton, "I don't
want any 'no seat, no. fare bill.' "
"But you would like to see some ar
rangement by which everybody who rides
in a street car can sit down?"
"Not a> bit of it. I'm too polite. I would
not deprive a lady of the satisfaction shs
gets In glaring a man out of his seat for
anything in the world."— Washington
Star.
The young pig could reach the swill well
enough by putting its snout over the aid*
of the trough, but it was not satisfied
with that. It proceeded to get all four
of Its feet in the trough.
But the mother of tha pigs thrust th«
greedy young monopolist to on» Bids.
"Get out of that, you selflsa, graspin*
thing!" she said. "Ton remind me ao
much of human- beings!" — Chicago Tri
bune.
has been doing splendid work. The com
pany has been greatly strengthened by
Earle Brown and Julius McVicker.
Sol Smith Russell's great comedy suc
cess, "A Bachelor's Romance," will be
presented at. the California Theater this
week. The opening performance is sched
uled for this evening. The leading role is
played by James Neill. and critics say it
is the best thing he has ever attempted.
Maude Fealy, a clever actress, opens at
the Grand Opera-house to-morrow even
ing in her version of "The Little Minis
ter." She will be assisted by the thea
ter's excellent stock company. Miss Feaiy
comes here highly recommended. Thi3
will be her initial appearance in this city.
WELL-KNOWN ACTRESS WHO
WILL BEGIN AN ENGAGEMENT
AT THE COLUMBIA TO-MORROW.
McKinley was doubtless right in refusing even to consider Carnegie's offer. of $20,000,000
for the Philippines, but if Mr. Carnegie will : make it again the people might now be found will
ing to make the bargain and give him a beavy discount for cash. >
The powers have decided that the Chinese indemnity must be paid in gold, and as a con
sequence oi the. decline in, silver the burden upon China will be much' heavier than was expected.
Still the powers are acting for China's good, and perhaps , in the end China may be able
to reciprocate. . . "_¦ ¦ . \\ W:& : y ., Vt&MtfP ¦¦ . \ ¦ - : ""' : : : ' : ' ¦' r .
A, New York dispatch of May 23 says: "There were four heat victims in this city to-day.
A sudden rise in the temperatuie and' humidity from 70 to 76 caused the prostrations." If that
be the kind of weather "gentle spring" distributes in that locality what will' the summer do when
she turns her dog days loose? ..'••'-
The seventeen-year locust has returned to the East, and has been seen thus. far over a re
gion of country extending from -New Jersey to South Carolina and as far west as Michigan. It is
stated that as the pest appears at such long intervals the native birds do not seem to be aware
that he is good eating, but the English sparrow has got on to him and is devouring him ,at a
great rate. This js one case where the sparrow makes friends, and before the locust season „ is
over the country may be advertising for more sparrows.
The Rev. H. P. Thorton of England,
who is touring the coast for pleasure, ac
companied by his wife, is registered at
the Occidental.
J. N. McKlnley, attorney for the Hunt
ington streetcar systems at Los Angeles,
is a guest at the Palace.
F. N. Chlttenden, a prominent resident
of Fresno', is at the Grand, accompanied
by his daughter.
Dr. A. L. Tibbetts of Petaluma Is a
guest at the Grand.
R. D. Hatch of Novato is^ spending a
few days at the Lick.
I. Dannenbaum, a merchant of Vallejo,
Is registered at the Grand.
j H. B. Cline, an extensive grocer at Los
Angeles, Is at the Palace.
Dr. C. S. Sargent of Stockton is among
the arrivals at the California.
J. W. Knox, a prominent attorney of
Merced, is a guest at the Palace.
F. W. Miner, the well known young
turfman, leaves to-morrow for Chicago.
PERSONAL MENTION.
And colonial styles of picture frames In
gold, some admire the quaint shapes in
Flemish, old Dutch and ebony; but all
who have seen our stock agree that we
have the prettiest, most varied and most
reasonably priced picture frames ever
seen in San Francisco. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. '. • •
Some Prefer the Oval
"W. S. McColIough, a farmer, residing in
Red Bluff, Tehama County, filed a peti
tion in insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $22,045 and
has no assets. Nearly all the liabilities
were contracted in the Eastern States
principally Ohio. '
An Insolvent Farmer.
Mrs. H. W." Hyers, a most charming
woman of New York City, is esconsed
for the summer in a cottage on the hotel
grounds with her husband, a maid and
a number of pets which she has brought
with her. You can practically tell a Goth
amite by the way she wears her clothes.
Mrs. Hyers is particularly striking in a
batiste linen color, made -over green taf
feta. Skirt and bodice alike have ver
tical insertions of batiste lace, which is
effective over the green. A chou at one
•Ide of the bodice is of white chiffon,
ttfied in green velvet baby ribbon: it la
Urs. J. K. Armsby of Chicago Is one
cf the most attractive women at the
hotel. She Is always gowned In the best
cf taste. She has one unusually attrac
tive dinner waist that is unmistakably
Parisian. It is of pale blue taffeta with
a transparent yoke of white net on which
is appliqued leaves of blue silk, embroid
ered in white. The white net collar Is
trimmed with tiny bands of blue velvet.
• i ¦ • ' •
Among the pretty things worn so well
by Mrs. Fred Jacobs is a pattern bodice
of richest blue silk, embroidered all over
in white, with touches of gold. The vest
is of handsome cream Escurial lace with
collar of the same with a few bands of
black velvet baby ribbon to give It char
acter.
One of the prettiest girls at Hotel
Mateo is unmistakably Miss Mary Lee
Henry cf Kansas City. She is spending
the summer at the hotel with the Jacobs
family. Mrs. Fred Jacobs is her sister
end is also greatly admired. Miss Henry
should be classified as a wild rose sort
of beauty. Bhe has hair like the 6un
eblne and It is of the fluffy sort so pleas-
Ing to artists and everybody else, in fact.
She has such good color, too, that she
looks as fresh as a rose every time you
see her. Her figure, too, and her gowns
are stunning. Some girls who met her
at a function given some time- ago at the
Jacobs' new home on Pacific avenue con
firm everything I Bay.
• • •
The Drews have come and gone, taking
with them the «best wishes of many
friends they left behind. John Drew was
hospitably entertained at Burlingame and
by Mrs. Martin, and had many more in
vitations he was too busy to accept. His
daughter, Miss Louise Drew, who has re
cently Joined the. company, met a lot of
dear girls at Elsie Tallant's luncheon at
the University Club on Friday. The girls
expressed different opinions on the way
home. Some were completely carried
away with the young actress and pro
nounced her perfectly dear. Others mar
veled at her Eummer gown and hat, lay
ing particular 6tress upon what it meant
from a commercial point of view. Others
lamented her lack of beauty, but assured
each other that her father's reputation
would be her saving grace. Everybody
agreed, however, that she arranged her
hair beautifully. She wore it in a fluffy
pompadour effect about the face, and in
the back It was done low— very low. The
low coiffure exactly suited Miss Drew's
lines.
• • •
AMONG a number of distinguished
guests at Mrs. Merrill's tea on
Friday vas Mrs. Herman J.
Hall of Chicago, who always
tries t» avoid attention, but
cannot help attracting admiration. She is
most enthusiastic in the cause she repre
sents, and her attractive personality
draws friends to the work she cham
pions. Mrs. Hall has been a patroness of
art for many years, but the outdoor sort
occupies most of her attention latterly.
Bhe brings very practical -ideas to 'is
along those lines, and expresses surprise
that nature does not get up and run away
because people get up floral combina
tions that make their grounds look like
crazy quilts instead of arranging the
grounds in such taste that a house will
not look as if it were carried along and
dropped somewhere by accident. The
walks, flower platB and trees should con
form in color tnd shape with the "lay"
of the grounds and the house as well, she
says. Mrs. Hall insists that California
has wonderful possibilities, as we have
euch abundant working material, and be
fore going back East she will organize a
woman's auxiliary of the American Park
and Outdoor Art Association in this city.
Mrs. Hall is president of such an aux
iliary in Chicago, and very practical work
is being accomplished. The ladies of the
California Club have offered their rooms,
in which a mass meeting will be held on
Wednesday afternoon of this week at
3:30 o'clock, at which the Park Commis-
Eioneri!, the Major, public school teachers
and many others are expected. All are
<nvited. I believe Ossian C. Simonds, who
for twenty years has been laying out
parks and streets, will make the plans
for San Francisco without expense here,
as the main association in the East will
assist the branch. It will be remembered
that Mrs. Hall was one of the judges for
the Chicago Tribune when that paper of
fered prizes for the best amateur gardens
and window boxes. The fact that she
drove over 800 miles to see them all Is the
best proof of her energetic perseverance.
Notice to Passengers.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One .trunk (round
trip) 50 cents.- Morton Special Delivery,
408 Taylor street, 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot •
WITH stately ceremonies befitting the occasion, the statue of the Comte de RochanA
beau has been unveiled at Washington and dedicated as a memorial of the aid given
by France to the American colonies during the struggle for independence. By a
happy coincidence this monument, which reminds us of the time when we were weak
and needed foreign help, is dedicated almost simultaneously with the inauguration at Havana of a
free government, called into being by our arms and inspired by our example. The torch of lib
erty which France helped us to keep aflame during the darkness of the War of the Revolution
has no| burned for ourselvesf alone. France herself has been guided. by it in many a dark period
of her history, and now Cuba looks to it as-the beacon that has brought her after years cf des
potism and oppression to the full freedom of an independent, self-governing nation.' •
The man whose statue has been chosen to stand as a symbol of the great historic friend
ship between France and the United States is not unworthy of the honor. He has not filled the
place in song and story and in popular imagination and affection that Lafayette holds, but none
the less his services both to France and to the United States were of the highest order. If he
was not so picturesque a figure as the rich young Marquis who at the age of 19 left his wealth and
the attractions of the most splendid capital in Europe to hasten to" America* and 'offer his sword
to Washington, he was a much more useful ally in trie struggle. He brought with him a formid
able force, and was moreover a general of large experience, well fitted to command and to direct
his force so as to render it most helpful in the war.
It is to be remembered that Rochambeau on one occasion showed a devotion to the
American cause that proved to be of *he highest value at a most critical time. When Washing
ton was on the point of moving southward for the purpose of intercepting Cornwallis, the army
had been without pay for a long time and the colonial treasury was bare of money! In that emer
gency the Count advanced $20,000 invgold out of his private fortune, and means were thus pro
vided for the march which did not end until Cornwallis was shut up in Yorktown and forced to
surrender.
The chief credit of the support given by France during the Revolution belongs, however,
not to one man nor set of men. It is not to Rochambeau, Lafayette, the King nor his coun
selors that America owes the debt of gratitude for help in her hour of need. That credit is due
to the French people. It was the popular enthusiasm for the American cause that carried the
court along with it and may be said to have forced the Ministers to ally themselves with the
colonies and become a partner in their struggle for independence. The Rochambeau monument,
therefore, will be a memorial of the union of two .great peoples in the cause of liberty, and it is
gratifying to know that at last the French have secured a liberty for themselves, founded like our
own on universal suffrage and guarded by a republican form of, government.
THE ROCHAMBEAU MEMOiRlAXi.
held in place by two short bands of white
velvet ribbon, embroidered in gold.
A number of the fair sex went down to
Stanford a few days ago to see their
friends "tread the boards" as full-fledged
Creeks. I understand that some of them
who did not know a word of Greek
worked like Trojans for weeks learning
their lines and the choruses— all this be
sides the work of costuming and acting.
But the girls were very proud of them
and said they looked and acted just as
the Greeks did in days long past, and of
course the girls know. At any rate, we
are glad it was an unqualified success.
The senior ball and promenade will be
a delightful affair, as it is every year.
Not only are the students and their
Iriends present, but many old graduates
make a large part of the brilliant assem
blage. s The girls are" making up little
I arties to go down. Miss Jacqueline
Moore and Kathryn Robinson will go
v.ith Mrs. Bert Stone. \ .-
Jack Spreckels entertained his frater
nity, the S. A. E., last evening by giving
a banquet at a downtown restaurant.
Another pretty girl has felt the fatigu
ing results of popularity. Miss Adelaide
Murphy has been entertained nearly to
death and must now retire from every
thing mundane and take the rest cure.
Since Miss Murphy's return from Wash
ington some weeks ago no function has
been complete without her presence.
Sweet, lovely and thoughtful as she is,
she did not have the heart to say no
when invited by her girl friends who were
devoted, but did not think she was wear
ing herself out. Her pretty little informal
t^a on Friday last^complimentary*to Miss
Louise Drew # was the last entertaining
she is likely, to do for some time. Every
body hopes she will gain strength rap
idly. We will certainly expect to see her
sunny face at the fall festivities.
The Spinners' Club entertained yester
day afternoon for the last time this sea
son. The informal teas given now and
then by the literature, music and art sec
tions have been charming affairs, serving
to bring the teagoing public nearer to the
well known artists who modestly call
themselves "Spinners."
SALLY SHARP.
CHICAGO PATRONESS OF ART
WHO IS VISITING IN SAN
FRAXCISCO. |
ONE of the distinctly notable
events of the present theatrical
season is the engagement of
Kathryn Kidder, who will ap
pear in "The ' Country Girl"
at the Columbia to-morrow evening.
Miss Kidder has occupied a high
place in the hearts of local theater
goers since her unquestioned success
in "Madame Sans Gene," several seasons
ago, when she captivated the city by her
inimitable impersonation of the humorous
French laundry woman. No actress who
has visited this city has met with more
popular favor than Miss Kidder and this
fact should insure 'an audience of large
proportions when she comes here on Mon
day evening as the frolicsome Peggy in
David Garrick's immortal English com
edy. "The Country Girl" is one of the
oldest plays in existence, haying first
been produced over two centuries ago.
It is acknowledged by authorities to be
one of the classics of the stage and en
titled to rank with such comedies as "She
Stoops to Conquer," "A School for Scan
dal," "London Assurance" and "The
Rivals," etc. So far as humor and mirth
provoking situations are concerned, "The
Country Girl" is certainly at the head
of her class. Whenever it has been re
vived It has met with much favor and
the announcement that so distinguished
an actress as Miss Kidder will produce
the play this season has been received
with general approval. The actress has
never before essayed the role of Peggy,
though her friends have always consid
ered she was eminently suited for the re
quirements of the character.
The characters in "The Country Girl,
to be satisfactorily played, require the
set vices of actors of recognized merit, and
a glance at the company associated with
Miss Kidder proves that they are of the
necessary standard. Prominent on the
list is Norman Hackett, who for several
years has been connected with leading
Shakespearean productions. Another
well-established favorite Is Robert V.
Ferguson, who has several times been
seen in San Francisco, and always to ex
cellent advantage. Mr. Ferguson has a
high place among the legitimate comedi
ans of the present day. Other players
who will be associated with Miss Kidder
are: T. C. Hamilton, Seymour Stratton,
Munroe Salisbury, H. I* Davidson, T. C.
O'Erien, Marion Ashworth, Olga Fllnck
and Ellen Armond.
Peter F. Daily opens at the Orpheum
this afternoon. That- he will be accorded
a warm reception is beyond question. No
comedian ever gained more popularity
with local audiences than versatile Peter.
He has not been here In many a year.
When Jast here he was a member of May
Irwln's company. He made good then
and is sure to renew his previous success.
Daily will present a comedy and will be
assisted by clever people. He will ba a
whole show In himself, for as a funmaker
he stands supreme. The Orpheum has a
number of good acts in addition to some
holdovers who scored heavily last week.
"The Singing Girl" continues on her
merry career for one week more at
the Tivoli Opera-housei She has been
greeted nightly by delighted audiences.
Her confreres have also i assisted in a
marked degree to furnish a delightful en
tertainment, and their efforts in this di
rection have been amply, rewarded by
public approval. The Herbert music has
been much admired, particularly the fine
ensemble numbers, and the' principals.
chorus and orchestra have done them full
justice. The topical numbers go for
numerous encores, interpreted by fun
makers Hartman, Webb and Cashman,
and much good singing is done by Frances
Graham, Arthur Cunningham and Harold
Gordon. Annie Myers is delightful as the
singing girl. "The Toy Maker" comes
next with a. finer' cast than, ever, new
songs and new verses.
"Fiddle Dee Dee" continues at Fisch
er's. The burlesque has broken all rec
ords in this city and bids fair to estab
lish a precedent that other plays will
have bard work to equal. Kolb and Dill
are irresistibly funny as German come
dians. Their dialect Is good and their
"business" is funny. Barney Bernard im
personates a Hebrew without giving -of
fense. He causes laughter whenever he Is
on the stage. His walk and mannerisms,
coupled with. his bland smile and dialect,
make him one of the best men In his line
that local theatergoers have ever seen.
The balance of the cast Is very good.
"Hands Across the Sea" is the next of
fering at the Central Theater. Miss Fan
ny Mclntyre. the new leading lady, has
scored a brilliant success.' She gave evi
dence In "Woman Against Woman" that
she - possesses talent and versatility.
jfiecuqde Cooper, the popular soubrette,
THE MODOG VElSrDETTA.
fHE acquittal of the Modoc lynchers, who in a cowardly way murdered five human
beings, one of the victims being a helpless old man and the other a young boy, has been
followed by a vendetta against" the witnesses who refused to perjure themselves to shield
the guilty slayers : - ,
These witnesses have been compelled to flee the county and some of theni do not feel safe
far from the..scene of the crime, but keep in hiding wherever they are for fear that the venge
ance of the murderers m'av find them. • '
Some of these fugitives were of the party /of murderers when the crime was committed.
They saw the killing of the gray, old mail and the young boy's gallant but ineffectual struggle for
his life. They saw law and justice perverted by the connivance of officers charged with the duty
of protecting life, and the) witnessed/the participation by such officers in five murders committed
un^er the most cowardly and cruel circumstances. Some of these witnesses did not find their
consciences quickened until long after • that night of horrors. Then they told the truth to escape
the further pursuit of remorse. But. they made a mistake. They thought the jury would appre
ciate their desire to purge their minds and memory of that night of crime and cowardice. They
now know why the jury was unsympathetic. It. was because every member of it knew that a ver
dict of guilty meant death or exile for him; They, feared the vendetta, and no Sicilian or Cor
sican ever knew better than they the price which each must pay if he kept his oath. Had that
jury found a verdict of guilty it is probable that not a single member of it would be living in
Modoc County now. Those who would not go into exile would be in their graves. '.
What can California do about it? Nothing at all. ! That county has deliberately written
itself down as a place where murder is no crime and the law cannot be enforced. Men who per
jure themselves to protect murderers are honored as' representative citizens; while those who tell
the truth are compelled to flee for their' lives. Murder and perjury being at a premium and
truth at a discount in Modoc County, there will be a general regret that it was not left in the
hands of the Indians to be governed from their stronghold in the lava beds. Captain Jack, Scon
chin and Scar-Faced Charley would have been only living up to their lights if they did, midnight
murder, and their crimes would not have disgraced the decent white people, nor have given Cali
fornia an ill flavor abroad. . :
We have said the State can do nothing about it. That is not intended to mean that the
State cannot make some provision against like affairs in the future. The Legislature may pro
vide that the State shall have a change of venue in criminal cases where fear of murder prevents
or obstructs the administration of justice. We have not heretofore been inclined to favor such a
radical change in our criminal statutes. . The right to a change of venue now rests with # the party
accused of crime, when he cannot get a fair trial on account of prejudice against him in the com
munity in which his alleged offense was committed. Removal of the case is provided for in the
interest of innocence, or to give even guilt all its rights under the law.
Such a case as that of Modoc Count), does not often occur. It is .apparently a universal
sympathy with crime, with the highest crime known to moral and statute law. In the eye of the
law the people of that county are accessories to -the crime of murder, some of .them before and
the rest of them after the fact. There is no , reason to believe that murder or any other 'major
crime can ever be punished there. If punishment be attempted it must depend upon evidence,
and all who can testify have been in a common and general conspiracy v to conceal murder and
protect murderers from punishment. Is it likely that this unholy compact .will be broken? We
think not. If witnesses who testified to the truth were not being hunted out of the county like
wild beasts, we would be inclined to let punishment come upon Modoc in the form of a crim
inal notoriety which would cause it to be avoided by all law-abiding people. But we are not sure
that the future should not be provided for by giving the law a chance through permitting a
change of venue to the State. There will be more murders and infamous crimes in Modoc
County and more juries there to consult personal safety by foi swearing themselves. More wit
nesses will be compelled to sacrifice their property and save their lives by flight. The remedy
will be to bring some of Modoc's representative citizens and murderers down into some civilized
county and convict and hang them. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUKDAY, MAY 25, 1902.
LOCAL WOMEN TO WORK
FOR BEAUTIFICATION OF
PARKS AMD STREETS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN DSf. LCKEL^, Proprietor *S.T^ >¦ ¦ . . ¦ Address Communications to W/b. LEAKE, Manaqer
SUNDAY . .'. :~:'.y. '.-. : :wi.'i\v.: ... MAY 25, 1902
Publication Office. ;. '. .:. . -^<5^iS§lp|£> • '. Market and "Third S. F.
LOCAL THEATERS HAVE
NEWBILLS TO PRESENT
DURING COMING WEEK
22
phi
Makes Skins Lighter. Clearer. Purer i
ANTIDOTtS BLEMISHES 1
The clear, firm complexion of youth H
f c °a*ed back" by Anita Cream. H
Applle/l at nisrht and removed in B
tne mtrning. thus Imparting the full a
benefits of Us medicinal nature. Re- B
move* Tan, Freckles, Muddlness. B
Pimples, Moth and Liver Spots. «
Directions with each Jar. 50c of M
druggists or of xa, prepaid. H
ANITA' CREAM & TOILET COMPANY §
. Lew Angeles. CaL II
iDATE SET FOR TRIAL— The trial of the
suit filed against H. E. Huntlngton by the at
torneys for the Delinquent Tax Collector has
been set for June 16 in Judge Slogs' court. The
eult is to recover $15,562, due as a tax on
money and solvent credits, and for 92334 30
penalty for failure to pay.
The Irish ' fair, with all its brilliant
throng of merry lads and lasses, : its
music and its graceful dancers, its srayly
decked castles and towers and Its bril
liant illumination, now exists only as a
pleasant memory. The great festival was
brought to a close last night. lAlthough
a great portion of the general public
would have been glad to have it continue
for at least one week longer, those who
have worked so faithfully at the booths,
in the Irish Cross Road Dancing School,
the museum and at the other attractions
were glad enough when the end arrived.
A month of continued festivity is almost
enough to satiate. any one's love for ex
citement. [
Although the free list was suspended
last night the ¦ Pavilion was crowded to
its full capacity. The visitors consisted
chiefly of men. There was no regul ¦ e
programme and the booths were given an
opportunity to auction off the remainder
of their stock. In front of every booth
an auctioneer was stationed and articles
of every description, from a lady's bonnet
down to a paper of pins, were put up for
sale.
Professor Allen's Iroquois band did not
confine itself to the main platform, but
visited the attractions in various parts of
the Pavilion, thus assisting in distribut
ing the crowd and in giving every one of
the visitors a chance to enjoy the music.
The band, under the competent direction
of Professor Allen, rendered commen.l
able service during the fair.' As on the
previous evening the concert was com
menced with the playing of Mayor
Schmitz's thrilling march, "The Yankee
Hustler," which has won great popularity
at the fair. Visitors frequently requested
the band to play it.
The fair was open' about twenty-five
days and nights and during this time it
is estimated that about 150,000 people vis
ited the fair, an average of 6000 each day
and night. On next Monday morning a
drawing will be held in the Pavilion for
prizes on which tickets were sold. All the
different committees will be in attendance
at this drawing. On the following day
Superintendent Tidball, to whom a large
portion of the credit for the success of
the fair Is due. will commence to re
move the decorations.
Vast Throng Witnesses
End of the Greg,t
Festival.
CURTAIN FALLS
ON IRISH FAIR
Sans Souci's Fund for the Sick.
Sans Soucl Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West has had such an
unusual drain upon its fund for the relief
of the members who have been placed on
the list for the relief of the sick, that It
has decided to ask its friends to assist it.
It has decided to give a first-class vaude
ville entertainment, with professional tal
ent only, in Scottish Hall, on next Wed
nesday night. The programme will be fol
lowed by v dancing.
Letter-Carriers' Picnic.
The Letter Carriers' Mutual Aid Asso
ciation will give its annual picnic for the
benefit of the sick and death benefit fund
at Schuetzen Park on Sunday, June 29
The following constitute the committee
of arrangements: T. B. Mahoney, chair
man: I. C. Gross, vice chairman; J J
Hughes, secretary; L, E* Bolven, treas
urer: William H. Barry, H. M. Locke
William H. Murphy, George Ahrens, B.
F. Wigginton. D. A. Cameron and William
J. Hanekamp. There will be many valu
able prizes distributed.
Bequest for Flowers.
The following self-explanatory letter
has been sent to The Cajl:
The general Memorial day committee earn
estly desires the pastors of all the churches
In this city to announce from their pulpits at
to-day's services the need for floral tributes
to be used in decorating the graves of the
country's dead on Memorial day"
In the various cemeteries about San, Fran
cisco there are nearly 5000 soldiers and sailors
burled who at some time rendered service to
the country, and for the purpose Intended
there cannot be too many contributions of
flowers. The children or the public schools
chureh congregations and our citirena generally
are urged to send their tributes to the heroic
dead to lower Metropolitan, Hall, Fifth street
(entrance on Jessie), as early as possible on
Thursday morning, the 29th inst.. where the
loyal women of the various Relief Corps, the
Ladies of the Grand Army and other patriotic
ladies will make up the material into bouquets,
wreathes, etc., with which to decorate the last
resting places of those who offered themselves
as a patriotic sacrifice for the land they loved.
The invitational concert given last even
ing in Metropolitan Hall by the pupils of
H. B. Pasmore and their pupils was well
attended. Seated on the platform was a
chorus of 150 young- men and women who
had received their musical education from
Mrs. Blanche Ashley, Mrs. J. Bardilinl,
Oakland; Mrs. Edith Scott Basford, San
Francisco; Miss Lida Benedict, • Napa;
Mrs. J. Lee Burbank, Watson ville: Miss
Kate Byrne, Berkeley; Mrs. Luella Wagor
.Coplin. Oakland; Miss Zueletta Geery, Mil
waukee. Wis.; Miss Beulah George, Oak
land; Miss Virginia Graham, Seattle;
Mrs. Mary Louise Carr Moore, Seattle,
and Mrs. Hillnmn Smith, Ban Jose.
The programme rendered was classical
and greatly appreciated. It wa* as fol
lows:
"Treasures of the Deep," H. B. Pasmore;
(a) "Rltournelle," (b) "Sliver Ring" (Cham
inade), MIbs Florence Warden; (a) Page's Song
from "The Huguenots" (Meyerbeer), (b)
"Sapphic Ode" (Brahms), Mrs. Edith Pbelps
Collins; "Santa Maria" (Faure). Miss Alice
Gussefeld (pupil of Mrs. Smith), violin obligato
by Miss Grace Barstow; Wolfram's first song
from "Tannhauser" (Wagner), D. G. Maclean;
Inflammatus from "Stabat Mater" (Rossini),
Miss Mlldreth Spencer (pupil of Mrs. Smith),
and chorus; (a) "The Only Voice" (first
time) (W. J. McCoy), (b) "Summer" (Cham
inade), Mrs. Mary Bardilinl; "O That We Two
Were Maying" (Nevlin); "Obstination" (Fon
tainelles), A. E. Nowlan, cello obllgato by
Dorottay Pasmore; aria, "Ocean, Thou Mighty
Monster," from "Oberon" (Weber), Miss Llda
Benedict; part songs, . "O Hush Thee, My
Baby" (Sullivan), "Spring Song" (Weill, class
of Mrs. Smith; bell song from "Lakme ' (De
libes), Miss Beulah George; (a) "Von Ewigen
Liebe" (Brahms), (b) "My True Love Hath
My Heart" (Randegger). (c) "My Heart at Thy
Sweet Voice" (Ealnt-Saens), Miss Adelaide
Blrchler; "Should He Upbraid" (Bishop), Mrs.
Charles C. Hughes; "May Night" (Brahms).
Thomas W. Nowlan: "Ah lo so!" "Gli an gui
d'inferno," from "The Magic Flute" (Mozart),
Mrs. Florence Wyman Gardner; "Fair Ellen"
(Max Bruch), Miss Anna Moore, Will Lr. Smith
and chorus.
the ocean and bay In memory of departed
naval heroes of the civil and the late
Spanish-American "wars. At the same
time an appropriate salute will be flred.
Memorial services will be held this
evening at the Starr King African M. E.
Church on Stockton street. D. E. Mc-
Klnlay, Assistant United States District
Attorney, will deliver the address In
memory of the Union soldiers who per
ished in the cause of human liberty.
Carl Schilling has been commissioned
lieutenant Junior grade of the naval mili
tia and assigned to duty on board the
Marion.
Henry Peterson has been recommended
for the position of gunner that he may
complete his course of instruction.
Lieutenant Howard of the third division
of the naval militia has made application
for extensive repairs to the boilers of the
Pinta, at anchor in San Diego Bay.
A formal application has been made to
the Navy Department at Washington for
a modern vessel for the use of the naval
militia at this port, to take the place of
the Marlon, which belongs to the obsolete
class of United States vessels.
±Jr\,; B * Le la n<i. executive officer of
toe Marlon, who will shortly leave for the
Last, has applied for a leave of absence.
Pasmore Invitational
Concert Proves a
Success.
CHORUS RENDERS
CLASSICAL ARIS
Mr*. Alice B. Chlttenden, the talented
local artist, was tendered a farewell din
ner, on Saturday evening, May 17, by the
alumni - of the California School of D»
slgn of Mark Hopkins 'Institute of Art.
, The dinner was a most delightful affair
in every way. The table, with covers laid
for twenty-five, looked cheery and beau
tiful in its color scheme of red. Red
roEea, red carnations and hawthorn wero
the > predominant | flowers, • Intermingled
with maidenhair and asparagus ferns.
Red candelabra :' and red name cards
completed the pleasing effect •:
A "silver loving cup engraved on its three
sides waa presented to the guest of honor,
ToastB were given : and responded to with
much feeling, of _good fellowship. Mrs.
Chittenden goes East for rest and study,
expecting after a year's absence to return
to her home in San Francisco, -• -
Tendered a Dinner.
Knights of Honor Reunion.
The several committees of the Knlghta
of Honor that have bad in charge the ar
rangements for the grand excursion to
and picnic , at Camp Taylor In Maria
County on, the' 80th inst hare completed
all the details for that event. From tha
work that has been done and tho returns
that have been received from the different
lodges In this city it looks as if this will
prove the most enjoyable outing that has
been given by the membership of this
organization for many years. It Is to be
given under the direct auspices of Liberty
Lodge, assisted by all ' the , other local
lodges of the order. Liberty Lodge has
during the past year; had an unusually
large number of members on Its sick list,
and th*e weekly payments , to such mem
bers has reduced the fund very. much.
To replenish It, the Idea of a picnic was
suggested. .
The Order of Railway Conductors gave
its annual picnic . at Glenwood Park, in
the Santa Cruz Mountains, yesterday. A
special train left the Oakland mole on the
arrival of the 8:45 boat from the city,
carrying a 'large crowd of railway men
and their friends. At Glenwood the crowd
enjoyed itself until late in the afternoon
with games and feasting. The excursion
was one of the most successful ever
given by the conductors.
Railway Conductors'* Picnic.
8 AN DIEGO, May 24 — The King's Daughters
formally dedicated their new hom« in this city
last evening. A feature of the event waa tho
sale of a beautiful pillow cover given to the
olub by Mrs. Theodora Roosevelt. Tha buyer
donated it to the club again.
ASSOCIATION WILX< PICNIC,— The Bunker
Hill Association will hold their annual gather
ing and' picnic at Los Gatoa on Tuisday, June
17.
Provo the Most Skillful in the Cham-
pionship Doubles Tournament,
Defeating Berkeley.
-Polytechnic High School again carried
off the honors on the tennis courts yes
terday. Last week William Geary won
the singles tournament and yesterday he,
with Horace Mann, won the champion
ship doubles. In the latter the matches
were' much closer than In' the former and
in the final the Polytechnic men won by
a small margin. This match was by
far the best of either tournament. In it
Geary and Mann, of Polytechnic, were
opposed by N. Esterly and Clinch.
In the first A set the Berkeley boys out
played their opponents and won without
difficulty, the score being 6-2. Geary and
Mann were unable to handle the accurate
cut strokes of their opponents. In the
second and third sets the Polytechnic
men played a more aggressive game and
won easily. The fourth set after a long
struggle went to Esterly and Clinch. In
the fifth set the Berkeley boys were tired
and their opponents finished them off
handily. The complete score In favor
of Geary and Mann was 2-6, 6-1, 6-2, 6-7,
6-L • '¦
In the first round Geary and Mann beat
Hinds and Smith of Oakland High School.
The score was 6-3, 6-3. At the same time
Alec Beyfuss and John Cassell, of Lowell
High School, disposed of C. Lewis and M.
Epstein, of Alameda High School. The
score was 6-2, 6-2. Esterly and Clinch of
Berkeley High School beat Henry Mills
and G. Ridley of Trinity. The score was
10-8, 6-2. In this round Lick High School
had a bye. . ¦
The semi-finals brought out some clever
play. In both matches three sets were
required. In the first Harry Gorhara
and Leonard - Cutler, of Lick, were beaten
by Esterly and Clinch, of Berkeley High.
Tho score was 6-3, 4-6, 6-3. Jn the other
match of this round Beyfuss and Cassell
were beaten by Geary and Mann. Tha
former after winning the second set look
ed to have a good chance of beating their
larger opponents, but the final set went
to Polytechnic without the Ios3 of a
game. The score was 6-3, 5-7, 6-0.
In the finals Geary and. Mann won
three sets out of five, which gives them
the championship for 1902. Geary will re
ceive two medals, one for winning the
doubles and one for the singles. Mann
will also, receive a medal. •
In the afternoon many of the clubmen
were out and figured in the following
practice matches: George Whitney beat
Will Allen 6-2, 6-8; Al Kenyon and James
McKenzie tied, each winning two sets;
Alden Ames beat Archie Duncan 3-6, 6-0
6-1; Allen beat Eacret 6-4, 6-3; R. N
Whitney tied Allen 6-1, 1-6: G. Kf. Armsby
beat L. E. Wood 6-3: Beyfuas beat Lewis
4-2; Gus Sutro beat McKenzie 3-6, 6-4 6-3
In the doubles George Whitney and Joe
Daily beat Bob Whitney and Will Allen
6-3; Allen and G. Whitney beat Dally and
R. Whitney 6-4, 6-2, 2-6; Douglass Grant
and L. Wood beat Armsby brothers 6-2
6-3, 6-7; G. Armsby and Grant beat Wood
and Eacret 7-6. 7-5. - -
There wlll.be a class ¦ singles tourna
ment on the park courts to-day. Play
will begin at 9:30 sharp. . .
POLYTECHNIC SCHOOL
TENNIS PLAYERS, WIN
DISINTERMENT OF BODY
LEADS TO THBEE ARRESTS
Widow of a I»ate Vallejo Resident
One of a Trio Charged With
Misdemeanors.
VALLEJO. May 24.— Former City Mar
shal P. J. Murphy appeared before Jus
tice Genty to-day and swore out warrants
for the arrest of Mrs. Dorothy Williams,
H. E. Wilder and Michael J. Regan,
charging thein with mlsdemeators. Tho
trouble arose over the removal of the
body of Richard J. Williams from St.
Vincent's Cemetery on May 20 and Its
shipment to San Francisco. Williams was
buried in the cemetery last November.
P. J. Murphy was Williams' stepfather.
Mrs. Williams, the widow of the de
ceased, is charged with illegally having
caused the body to be disinterred; M. J.
Regan is accused of having illegally dis
interred the body of a dead person that
bad not been buried for a period of one
year, and H. E. Wilder Is charged with
having illegally moved and transported
through the streets of Vallejo the body
of a dead person and shipped it to a
crematory company -in San Francisco.
Mrs., Williams and Mr. Wilder will appear
before Justice Genty on Monday and en
ter their pleas.
Through some misunderstanding a dls-
Interment and removal permit was Issued
by the health department of this city, but
It Is now found that the department has
no jurisdiction as far as St. Vincent's
Cemetery is concerned, as it is outside tho
city limits. J
The annual dinner last night in honor
of the anniversary of Empire day under
the auspices of the British Benevolent So
ciety of California at the Merchants' Club
was successful in every way. Courtenay
Walter Bennett, C. I. E., British Consul
General, presided, and William Greer
Harrison acted as toastmaster. The chair
man in his opening remarks alluded to
the love felt by the whole British people
for the late Queen and the regret occa
sioned by the death of Lora Pauncefote.
The following toasts were proposed:...
"KingEdward VII," by the Consul General;
President Roosevelt.'i by* they. Consul, General ;
"The British Benevolent Society of Calilornia,"
responded to by Dr. F. W. D" Evelyn and F.
D. Brandon: "The British Empire," responded
to by Dr. H. DIgby Johnstone; "The Land We
Live In," response by the Rev. J. Nleto; "Sis
ter Societies," response by J. S. Webster; "The
Press," responded by Arthur H. Barendt.
The musical programme follows:
"God Save the King," by the orchestra and
company; "The Star-Spangled Banner," by
S. Homer Henley and company; "Rule Britan
nia," by- J. C. Hughes -and company; "The
Red Cross Banner," by Alfred Wllkle; "Co
lumbia, the Gem of 4 the Ocean." by the- or
chestra; "St. Bodolph," by S. Homer Henley;
"Annie Laurie," quartet, by Ben Clark. A.
Wilkie, J. T. Fleming and J. R. Jones; "Death
of Nelson." by Ben Clark; "The Minstrel Boy,"
by Alfred Wilkie; "Champajjrie Song," by the
quartet: "For He's a Jolly Good Fellow" and
"Auld Lang Syne." >,
About eighty gentlemen were present.
Among them, ih addition to those already
named, were:
C. F. Mulllns, "W. A. Sabln, -C. W. Bennett,
S. P. Holden, C. B. Sedgwick, G. C. Wood
ward, W. Leslie Comyn, A. F. Chambers, B.
J. S. Cahlll, W. W. Tomlinson, W. B. Chap
man, A.' E. Acklom. Vincent Neale. Cantain
J. Metcalfe, G. A. Wrlcht; C. T. Williamson.
H. W. Tomlinson, Douglas H. Thompson. Stu
art E. Mlddlemas, Captain McAllister, H. O.
Alsop, J. H. Forster Johnston, H. Ulrich Jones,
A. R. Baum, T. J. A. Tiedemann, Henry
Hlghton and Captain McNelll of the Corunna.
One of the pleasantest incidents of the
evening was the recital of a short poem
on the union jack, originally published in
the Halifax Chronicle of Nova Scotia,
Consul General Presides
at Annual British
Dinner.
BRITONS FEAST
ON EMPIRE DAY
MEMORIAL DAY
ORDERS APPEAR
Second Brigade Guards
men to Take Part in
the Parade.
Orders were issued yesterday for th«
two divisions of the naval militia to take
part in the Memorial day parade. The di
visions will parade with four guns.
At .7 o'clock on the morning of the 30th
Iesl the steam launch of the naval mili
tia, having on board Captain Nerney and
6taff and a delegation from the Grand
Army of the Republic, composed of naval
veterans of that organization, will steam
to a point outside the heads for the pur
pose qf strewing flowers on the waters of
During the last week the companies of
the Fifth Infantry have been Inspected
and all made a good showing, numerically
ar.d otherwise.
After the Inspection of Company .D of
the Fifth Infantry, Captain Cheeda com
manding, at San Rafael the company was
presented a handsome trophy awarded
for the best scores at 200, 300 and 500
yards. There were present at the cere
mony Colonel Whitton. Lieutenant
Co! on el Hayes and Majors Julliaxd and
Smith. After the presentation there was
a social hour and the serving of a colla
ticn. The company to hold the trophy
must win it three times.
A general order has been issued for the
various organizations of the Second Brl
grade to take part in the parade on Memo
rial day and to report to Major Sime.
An election has been called for captain
and first lieutenant of Company A of the
Fifth Infantry, N. G. C. for June 2S. .
More than five hundred people attended
the entertainment given last night In Odd
Fellows' Hall by U. S. Grant Council of
the Junior. Order of American Mechanics
and Martha Washington Council of the
Daughters of Liberty. The decoration of
the hall was in the tricolors, surmounted
by the emblem of the Juniors in electric
lights, and added to by a profusion of
American flags. The programme present
ed included a fancy dance by Miss Hazel
Dugan; soprano solo, Miss Nichollson;
recitation. Miss Tryphina Prltchard; dia
lect stories, Rollin C. Ayers; violin solo,
Charles Robson; contralto solo. Miss Lo
gan Tooley. After the last number Fred
C Pattison, master of ceremonies, intro
duced Mayor E. E. Schmitz, who paid a
tribute to' the American flag that was so
liberally displayed, saying:
That banner which stands for the lofty prin
ciples of our advanced civilization, which rep
resents the defense ! of the right and the un
doing of the wrong, which typifies honor and
freedom and upholds the equal rights of all
men before the law, is an inspiration and an
inducement to the highest thought and the
noblest aspiration. •
After speaking of the principle of the
American people, which is equal protec
tion for all, he spoke of the public
schools. In part he said:
I have favored liberality and even generosity
in the treatment of our local public schools. I
have done this not only because of the senti
ments which I have already expressed to you,
but because the American public school is to
nje the truest republic on earth.
It is a leveler of classes, it is the promoter
of equal conditions, it is the greatest factor in
producing our American homogeneity. . It
takes the child of our foreign Immigrant and
transforms him almost with the wand of a ma
gician Into an embryo American citizen, and It
takes the children of our native born and de
velops them along the line of truest citizenship.
I favor the American public school system
because it promotes tolerance and equality of
social condition.
I favor the American public school system
because it gives' the wageworker the hope of
advancement for his childen; .it -gives him
something to look forward to and to live for. It
1a bis hope in life. It has made the American
laborer the most Intelligent and efficient wage
earner on earth. It opens to him every avenue
of aspiration and of ambition. It places him
on an equal footing with his wealthier neigh
bor. . It gives him a standing and a place in
the empire of intellect. It gives him an equal
chance in the world. It makes him a man.
The Mayor's address was frequently and
loudly applauded, and after he retired
there was a programme of fifteen dances
under the direction of the following:
Floor manager, F. C. Pattison; assistant
floor manager. Miss Mina Kitel; floor commit
tee — Miss Evelyn Moore, Miss Amy Droust,
Mlsa Esma Stewart, E. L. Smith. F. Thomason.
R. C. Greenlnger: reception committee — Mlsa
Maggie Raleigh. Miss Gertie Deemer, Miss
Hannah Grey. C. T. Qulrey. H. A. Moennlng,
R. F. Jenkins.
Organizations Give Entertain
ment in Odd Fellow j'
Speaks Before the Juniors
and Daughters
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
MAYOR'S THEME
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1902.
Resolution to tt>-ti«ti.
There will be a meeting this forenoon
In the Fidelity Hall of the- Alcazar build
ing of the general relief committee of the
Foresters of America, at whlob Vyy*
there will be presented to Fast Grand
Chief Ranger John Heenan a set at en
grossed resolutions In appreciation of ser
vices In connection with the orsaunlzsLtLon
of the committee.
Trunks and Valises.
We have a larger and better trunk f*>mn
the $7 50 special offered last week. It la
made of genuine basswood. brass
trimmed, with two straps, two trays and
cloth faced, at $3 50. Also a sola leather
suit case with shirt fold and steel frame
for $8 50. All trunks, valise* and leather
goods lettered free of charge. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
COTJNTESS BBHTGS SUTP
AGAINST GENERAL BB00KE
From Conducting a Slaughter
House.
Charge Hade That He Prevented Her
NEW YORK, May 2i.— Suit wu en
tered In the United States District Court
to-day by the Countess of Buona Vista
against General Brooks of th» United
States army for $250,000. Tho countess
alleges that General Brooks abrogated
rights held by her through inheritance.
to the privileges of conducting the
slaughter house at Havana and to tho
distribution of meats and the- collection
of the fixed charges for said nfflt^ Tha
countess claimed these privileges by vir
tue of a royal decree from taa Tcfnw of
Spain, dated 1704- .
23
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkards
Cured Secretly
Ajay Lady Can do it at Home— Costs
. Nothing to Try.
A new tasteless discovery which can be glvsa In tea.
toffee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. C. T. C. and afl
temperance workers. It does its work so silently and
surely that whll. the dtroUd wife, lister or daughter
look* on, the drunkard Is reclaimed even agalott his wilt
and without his kno wledare. Send your na.mea.nd address
to Dr. J. W. Haines,3349 Glenn BIdp., Cincinnati O and
be will mail a trial' pack.*, of OoT<fen 8pS?lnc'fre^S
ihow how ea»Uy It If toture anulo ivb wtth thU remedy.
Full-sized boxes of Golden Specific are for
sale in Ban FrancUc© by J. R. Gates * Co.,
ill EaMome «t
Are you happy, or are you in an exhausted
condition and suffering from headaches, back-
aches, whites, monthly irregularities or weak-
ness, all of which render you petulant, lan-
guid and extremely nervous?
All of these ailments will in time drag down
the system, drain the strength and produce
untold infirmities upon the human body. •
Do not be discouraged or downhearted i be-
cause all tonics and sarsaparillas ; have failed
to benefit. you. There is a cure without tha
aid of a surgeon's knife. A fair and impar-
tial trial of Kemp's Suppositories, which is a
local treatment, will convince you that there
is a remedy without the aid of instruments of
any kind.
Kemp's Suppositories are put up only by the
K. S. C. MEDICAL. CO.. and contain neither
cocaine, morphine nor opium.
$2500 offered any druggist who can U prove
that the above statement is not true.
SAN FRANCISCO.
K. S. C. MEDICAL CO. .
Dear Sirs: Although it is Impossible in
such a limited space "to fully describe how and
what your Suppositories did for me, I must
confide at least a word of encouragement to
ladies suffering from female disorders of .any
kind, particularly married ones like myself.
After the birth of my first child I seemed to
decline altogether, and felt I must accept my
fate and remain an invalid while I lived.
A^lady friend who had an experience similar
to mln« finally prevailed upon me to at least try
your remedy. I yielded, feeling: indifferent
about it. as I did in my despair of everything
else. Having been* attended by a skilled phy-
sician. I felt that I was Incurable, as he could
not relieve me of my sufferings. 1 return
heartfelt thanks for my relief and permanent
cure after four months' use of Kemp's Sup-
positories. With sincere appreciation.
MRS. E. E. ROGERS. 1207 Mission st.
- $1000 offered any person who can prove that
the above testimonial Is not genuine.
SO Kemp's Suppositories, $2.. If ypur drug-
gist does not sell them, call at.'offlce, or w«
will send them postpaid on reoelpt of above
price. Send for circulars and testimonials. .
K. S.C. MEDICAL CO.
1236 Market St., cop. Jones;
, • ' Phon» Howard 1305. ¦'_•
'¦¦'. Hears — 9 to 8, 6 to 7:30 p. • m. Sunday 11
a. -in. to 1 jx m.
Us« KEMP'S • SUPPOSITORIES 1 month,
and It result Is not satisfactory, return box
and w« will ul&diy refund your money.
LADIES!
MISCELLANEOUS.
AD VEKTISEHENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nigh Grade Suits Reduced
ws?6$T* < $^§^& dniSi^ °^ our $ 2O » $ 21
€5§||| 'll^r 'vTcT an< * § 22 -5° cheviot and
' } jJkT/L /f'^W' broadcloth suits in black
mMt\ Yri? A i '• or ue ' to e closed out
h\ i 1a'*/ A\l k. 5*v to-morrow— 8 styles to
(y^/lvwy>fL 1\ \^r\*^ii choose from, in sizes 34.
031 'fen I to 42 — Peplum and Eton
~^l iA [*—> I Jackets, trimmed with
/ ||\ / 'A V V m oire and peau de soie
ill V JmV s^ s anc * net * w^h ta *~
(jf A!vC J*f\^ ikf feta — fi msn ed with a
P\ \<^y Vv 338^? new fl° unce effect —
\ %^^Sv / \ \} sl i/ trimmed in silk to match
V—- :^T"^ v-*-"" s — ' .. • the waists — new collars,
sleeves and jacket effects — 48 suits in the lot and all guar-
anteed to fit perfectly — these suits could not be dupli-
cated by a dressmaker for less than $30 or $40 — now on
exhibit in the windows and illustrated above — sale begin-
ning to-morrow ...... .' ,. :. ....$15.25 Each
Black Moire Velour Silks-
Very fashionable and very much in demand — the moire effects in this
line are exceedingly handsome and very different from the usual run
of these goods —
The $1.00 value on sale at 70c yard
The $1.25 value on sale at.. 95c yard
The $1.35 value on sale at 1 $1.OO yard
' The $1.50 value on sale at 1 $1.25 yard
The $2.00 value on sale at $1.5O yard
Wash Taffeta Silks—
A new weave entirely different from the usual wash cord silks— colons
are decidedly handsome and the: patterns are very new and noveL These
fabrics are on sale nowhere else in San Francisco but at our stores —
just the thing for summer wear ¦. 6Oc yard
A Sale of Wash Waists—
7 Now is the time to get your waists for summer wear if you want to
get them cheap — a big line goes on sale to-morrow — plain mercerized
madras and canvas in linen effects — Gibson and other up-to-<iate styles
— all sizes—
Lot No. 1, regular $1.50 grades, at 9Oc each
Lot No. 2, regular $2.50 grades, at $2.OO each
Lot No. 3, regular $3.00 grades, at $1.60 each
:oeoccoocococo*eoeooe©oo«o®«9oco5©o©ooooeo<io©«e©o»©oocoooo©o©©ooc«>00C5O©oo®o00®©©o©o©©©o®©«
Money-Saving Redactions on Bedroom Suits I
Hgh-grade goods from all ihe leading manufactories. Most complete assortment of fine Mahogany, Birdseye 1
Maple and Oak Bedroom Su ts, Chiffonier^ ad odd Dressers. This lot of three carloads of finest furniture: was J
especially selected for our "OAKLAND BRANCH/' and among them are some of the choicest and newest pa terns J
of elegant Bedro: m Furniture ever shown or. the coast../ For those contemp'ating housekeeping there is no p!:ce at i
the present time in San Francisco where every wish can be gratified at such extraordinjrv low prices as we are <
selling our entire stock for. , * «
'^s^^^^^^^^sssoBss^sJt /^^^^^^ . iv $ t0 s ive y° D an idea of the man y I
- mF^^mi bargains, we have illustrated one of them. <
%^^^^^mt^mW^i ! Sp \ The picture is correct in every detail. We j
||^r= } f | frf lave forty of this particular suit. \
\ I V \l I S0ME: 0F THE 'OTHER" BARGAINS^ \
J \~--i'-rr—sZr^r -r-^- ~Jr-~^£ '^y* 'ft I ' \ M ' . Regular $25.00 Solid Oak Bedroom Suit ' J
\^^^-y-^^Z-i--C^-'-~—^J-- Z -^JJ^J l I \ \ ' for......; $18.50 J
ig>- " =t =- ~~~t t. r= *z-~JZ-^~~~ je z= gr Z-f^-* , ; [i I |\ I |i\ Regular $37.50 Solid Oak Bedroom Suit <
; \'<T~---~S~---^i^^^-- ----^SSt H • // : I X s • v } (A . for $2T.5O i
'¦£'-_ "— -~ — —- .. ¦ ~~"~ — ~=l« k v\^\l i L» Regular $45.00 Golden Oak Bedroom J
It ZJr^S~^Z^J^^r~*~~^.-Z-Z: l fl i\ % Suitfor.r.- $31.00 J
/.-.}--" -' - — "'- - --»-- —--r—:-----' y-- Ife v\,, ,„,,—• ._ ¦y^^'Al? Regular $65.00 Finest Quarter-sawed , <
'^V 3!2r^^^ ! *^W^ IS^^^ > JP JIS^^ " T^^^Snft Oak Bedroom Suit for ......: $48.00 <
| f^^^&W^^^^^^^ill -^^^^^I^ZLZ^S^ RCgUl r a oom 6 Su?t°for irdSCye MaPle 50 '
' ~^$ E FfP^=?^l! : [I '""r^^^^^^ Regular $75.00 Fine Birdseye Maple <
•-i "^ - ~^~ I « ' i^>te/^ S^3£§&5; 'I Bedroom Suit for $62.00 <
1 fr-^V- ¦^*^^^^^^^^*^ " !." J. $ \ 1^ J r _ ~ ' "' jjl JO _JZ J* -1^ ' Regular $85.00 Solid Mahogany Bed- . J
g ir—nr.^^Krr',, t 1^ ~ ~~Vk I :r"l!s§£ d^ :| ' Regular $125.00 Solid Mahogany Bed- <
Y-^f^i^ij^^^^^^jfAtj^^i^z^]^ i ~- «rrfj^g^ .^, __¦ ~i 7" r __ J~3?g j\ room Suit for $85.00 j
| 'I BED AND DRESSER. $38» ,*' W ¦ WORTH S55 ' ¥P& fin 1 111 1 E* iml !
* This Dresser is made of finest quarter- I HH B H ILP %JS § Baa 1 wl %$ '
The Bed pictured above is of a massive and sawed oak; the top is 24 inches deep and 48 r -"^" (
imposing design- It has beautifully carved head inches wide. The large beautiful French _ ... *«••' r. !
and foot boards. It is 7S inches high. The above plate mirror is 28 inches wide and 40 C (\r iMh flfifl WliCCIAII KtC
illustration is absolutely correct. inches long. VUlt lUlil dllll lUlpMUll Old* J
TEETH
LOW RATES~iYlREXLER.
Full set Best Plate $4.00.
$10.00 Gold Crowns for $3.00
and £ $5.OO Gold Fillinfrs for
$1.50. Only purest fcold used.
All our dentists are New York ex-
perts — not students.
Drexier Painless Cental Co. of N. Y.
S. F. Parlors 1104 Market, cor. Turk.
Open evenings and Sundays 9 to 2.
Send for our free book, "Care of
the Teeth."
a// List of Specials.
W Because we sell drag store goods cheaper than tho smtU
. M druggist can buy them fa the reason yon should be interested j&
( 'M la our prices— cut rates— rates far below what you usually p«y If
M you don't come here. This list good until Saturday night. Mar |\
j-Jjt 3}» ,'9 O2 * Telephone orders delivered free— South 356 fin
jL CIwchilFs and Cuticura Soap True Blue Tar Soap— i\\
hi- ¦— I cake each 25c 2 Ciifctf 15c 111
H Kegvlar •rieaefeseh 15c The regvlar' price la ioc. cack,tha CVS
P Carter's Peroxide 15c '«ge« «*= of t« io. P »U l|i|j
Rf This u th» tmaii dze which we Quaker Bath Cabinets $3.50 tM
IJS leneriflj nil for ioc . The regain $$ nMnci fTiti 1* t Wl
\|| Sheffield's DentJfrlce— 2 for 25c SuSiV ™ilViri!£ ** bl * Wa M
¦I WsU-knov» fkt the teeth— regular 15c ¦ r\ • /• • • '* • ' s 13 n
mi Olive nil i*r UrcssinS Combs ' 5e mi
TR vmivc vu ooc A comb that u ,eBi ttI ersfrvhsx* fl|
t« ; Imported Tnicia oil idling erery- for ioc. «f il
ill. , where for 50c a bottla D ¦» if li •»' fall
\li\- A delljhtflil, refrethlnj preparation cria»e» weight-dpzen tMjweeklx.7* £}(
\\\\ * or '"• blt^ — «»o*l price 15c. • -• • - * fi . _. , _ _ VJ mill
m Soda Phosphate— Ib. 20c Dandruff Cure 65c Ml
Am* 1 «...'. .It ki i ¦¦ The regular doIUr riae whleix »• if/I
VS^_ »t»e 5c on thu, thb week omaUy iell for S5e. ////
> ' •' -
// You can rely on the tec-
l ommendation of your grocer
II "if he tells you that the finest
1 of all
% PRESERVES
1 are LONG'S.
J] Long's Preserves have
a gained a National reputa-
! I tioa as being the superior of
I! any similar product, either
if American or Foreign manu-
I facturc
It Try them — You'll like them.
I All grocers — All varieties*
mm t i^i 'iC*»t." M *y '&^*tiik
H Long Syrup Refining Co.,
H H 6th end* Braonaa Streets.
J San Francisco.
Ag^^&k Phone South 486Captain Braastad shows a stone weigh
ing several pounds which fell on the Hel
ga's deck. - .
Fort de France on Tuesday when
the city was menaced by the "renewed out
break of Mont Pelee. The ship was in
great danger of the tidal wave which ac
companied-the land disturbance. The Hel
ga will discharge the rest- of her car£9
here. In an interview Captain Braastad
of the Helga said:
"It Vas 5 o'clock Tuesday morning
when a tidal wave parted the .Helga's
hawsers and the steamer went adrift, but
was brought to anchor quickly. The
heavy fall of volcanic matter compelled
the crew to seek shelter, .and the tidal
waves recurred rapidly,' causing great
danger." ; ¦ ¦ - ;
ST. THOMAS, W. I.,- May 24.— The
Norwegian steamship ;Helga ar
rived here to-day from- St. Lucia.
She was discharging a cargo at
From the Special Correspondent of
The Call and the New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company.
Captain Tells of the
Danger at Fort
de France.
Steamship Helga Is
Menaced by the
Tidal Wave.
MAP SHOWING THE LOCATION OF LA SOUFRIERE AND THE TOWNS ANDi TERRITORY ON THE NORTH
ERN PORTION OF THE ISLAND LAID WASTE BY THE VOLCANO. DURING THE ERUPTIONS THE
TRIBE OF CARIB INDIANS WAS EXTERMINATED, AND IN ALL SOME 2000 PERSONS MET DEATH
PARIS, May 24.— A dispatch received
here from Governor l'Huerre, dated from
Fort de France, Martinique, yesterday,
reports that there is no change in the
situation there. . It is impossible to en-
St. Pierre.
Impossible to Enter St. Pierre.
pital at Kingston; eighty more badly
burned, to come. Four thousand receiv
ln ?. food - A^ steamer circuits the 1 island
daily." •
"Cincinnati made a circuit of St. Vin
cent and Is now going to Fort de France.
One hundred and thirty Ire in the, hos-
WASHINGTON. May 24.— The follow
ing cablegram has been received at the
Navy Department from Captain Mc-
Lean of the Cincinnati, dated St. Lucia,
to-day:
Relief at St. Vincent.
that she will never recover from the blow
which has fallen upon her.
soph's Hospital in a state of physical and,
it is feared, mental collapse. Mme.
Louit's only sister, her husband, two
nephews and two nieces perished in the
St. Pierre disaster. She hoped against
hope for some word from them after the
news of the catastrophe, but none came,
and the strain ended in her complete
breakdown. She declared that if she
cculd only hear for certain one way or
the other It would relieve the suspense,
but she has been unable to get any word
whatsoever. It is feared by her friends
BANTA KO6A. May 24.— The directors of the
Fourth Agricultural District Fair Association
have decided upon Banta Rosa an the place
tor the fair thla year, during the week besin-
Cla* September 2S. \
•
In its inception the plot to borrow
money on the estate of a fictitious New
York millionaire was one of the boldest
on record. Its operation extended over a
period of twenty years, during which
those participating lived In such a lavish
manner that it is not believed they car
ried away much of their gains
The air of excitement about the French
consulate, where several clerks and rep
resentatives of a law firm were engaged
for hours in drawing up the papers, leads
to tho belief that definite knowledge had
been secured as to the hiding place' of the
alleged swindlers.
While the sleuths of two continents have
been watching every port of arrival and
departure since the fiasco which exposed
the affair occurred in Paris not the slight
est trace of the participants is known to
nave been secured.
NEW TORK, May 2t— Surrounded with
great secrecy, application is said to have
teen made before United States Commis
sioner Shields in this city by French Con
sul Bruwaert for extradition papers bear
ing the names of the participants In the
recent enormous alleged Humbert-Craw
ford swindles in Paris and London by
which the perperators are said to have
netted nearly 512,000,000.
Alleged Swindlers Are
Thought to Have Been
Located.
FRANCE ASKS
FOR FUGITIVES
Loss of Belatives at St. Pierre Preys
Upon Mme. Louit's Mind.
STOCKTON, May 24.— Mme. Louise
I.ouit, a teacher of French, who has re
sided in this city for some time and num
bered among her pupils some of the best
known people of the city, is in St. Jo-
COLLAPSES XJTfDEB STRAIN.
The Emperor of Japan has subscribed
iO.000 francs to the Martinique relief fund.
PARIS, May 21.— The Russian Minister
of Finance, M. Witte, in behalf of the
5nf^r an c Government, has telegraphed
france to the Martinique relief
fund.
Russia and Japan Subscribe.
WASHINGTON, May 24.-United States
Consul Ayme. now at Fort de France,
to-day cabled the State Department that
he had visited Admiral Servan on the
flagship Tage Friday afternoon. The ad
miral requested him to officially inform
the Government of the United States
that there were now sufficient supplies
m the colony to feed every one needing
help for four months, and therefore sug
g^ted that nothing further need be sent
This suggestion was accompanied by ari
expression of thanks. The Governor ha«
sent a similar cable to the French Gov
ernment.
Supplies Are Sufficient.
The Herald's relief boat, the M E
Luckenbach, and the United States
steamer Dixie are expected back from St.
v incent to-morrow.
Louis Ezle, a well-known naturalist of
this city, says that as the result of the
eruptions of Mont Pelee more than 20,000
fer-de-lance, the most poisonous snake
known to the world, have been killed!
Specimens of the mongoose were im
ported into Martinique two years ago, and
they and their progeny had driven the
snakes into the mountains, most of them
to Mont Pelee. The mongoose continues
to kill the snakes, and the island, he says
will now be in great part free from the
pest.
flagship Page. He said: "The
city of St. Pierre must never be rc
1-uilt. The danger from eruptions by
Mont Pelee may continue for centuries.
Fcrt de France must not be allowed to
grow any larger. I shall use my influ
ence to have a new city built on the wind
ward side of Martinique, either at Trinite
or Caravelle, which shall be the capital
of the island. I shall also advocate hav
ing all the French possessions in the
"West Indies put under one Governor.
Thank the Herald for its assistance to
the destitute. Ask the American people
to stop all relief. The supplies here are
now ample for .our needs."
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique,
May 24.— The Herald correspond
ent had an interview to-day with
Admiral Servan on the French
Prom the Special Correspondent of
The Call and the New York Her
ald- Copyright, 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company.
Asks the Americans
to Stop Sending
Supplies.
Admiral Servan Will
Recommend New
Location.
In the last ten years the Government
has built in its own yards four vessels of
19,389 tons at a cost of $7,200,000, and all of
these were laid down more than a decade
ago.
Electricity has increased the power of
sea coast lights to that of 3,000,000 candles.
The mineral oil lamp of the "Doty sys
tem," which was in almost universal use
previous to the introduction of electricity,
did not exceed 54,000 candles in the
strength of its Illumination.
The text of the treaty between the three
powers forming the alliance would not be
published, Premier de Szellsaid, it hav
ing teen mutually agreed to maintain sec
recy regarding its details.
BUDAPEST, May 24.— At to-day's ses
sion of the Hungarian delegation, Pre
mier Coloman de Szell made a long speech
in defense of the triple alliance. He said
he could not share in the view that the
understanding with Russia rendered the
alliance superfluous, but he thought
rather that it was the continuation of the
alliance which promoted the entente with
the ,Rusian empire.
Replying to questions, the Premier said
it was untrue that at the • conference at
Venice between Signor Prinetti, the Ital
ian Minister of Foreign Affairs, and Count
von Buelow, the German Imperial Chan
cellor, it had been determined to continue
in • its entirety the commercial treaties
with Italy, especially the clause relating
to wine duties.
New Treaty of European
Nations Not for the
Public.
ALLIED POWERS
GUARD SECRETS
SAN DIEGO. May 24.— A sharp shock of
earthquake was felt at the quarantine station
at 8:10 o'clock last night.
ELK CITY. Okie.. May 24.— The worst hail
storm of Rogers Mills County prevailed last
night. Growing crops are reported destroyed.
ATCHISON. Kans.. May 24— A strong
windstorm passed over this section this
morning, doing much damage. In North
Atchison several small buildings were
blown over and many trees were uproot
ed, while in the country northeast of
Atchison outbuildings, barns and win
dows , were demolished and several
churches were partially wrecked. At the
Soldiers' Orphans' Home the roof of the
main building and one wall of the hos
pital were caved in. No one was injured.
The wind was accompanied by a deluge,
which washed out several small bridges
and damaged crops.
FREMONT, Neb.. May 24.— A series of
funnel-shaped clouds swept around this
town this afternoon and moved toward
Hooper, twelve miles west, giving the
people a bad scare. The storm which fol
lowed their appearance was terrific and
blew down several barns and small build
ings, but so far as learned no lives were
lost or any person injured. Communica
tion with outside towns was cut off for
some time by lightning interfering with
the wires, and led to alarming but un
true reports being sent out from the rail
road offices.
Funnel - Shaped Storm
Destroys Some Small
Buildings. #
CLOUDS SCARE
THE NEBRASKANS
There- was a ' discussion • of the next
meeting place of the General Assembly.
Invitations came from Los Angeles,
through the Emanuel Presbyterian
Church of that place, and from Cleve
land, Ohio. The invitations were pre
sented by the Rev. Dr. Roberts, the
.stated clerk, who is also chairman of the
committee on meeting places. Dr. Rob
erts explained that to take the trip to
Los Angeles would cost the 1 General-As
sembly in mileage alone $70,000 and to
Cleveland $24,000, while all that the Gen
eral Assembly has in its treasury that is
available for . mileage and expenses for
the ensuing year 1b $30,000,, so that if the
assembly were to decide on Los. Angeles
for , Its . meeting, plac* ; next . year . Dr. . Rob-
CITIES IN RIVALRY.
The Rev. Dr. Amos Boyce conveyed to
the assembly the greetings of the Presby
terian church of Mexico, , where the work
was begun by the board of home missions
of the Presbyterian church, United States
of America. He said the church of Mex
ico might adopt the revised creed.
The Rev. George D. Matthews, In con
veying the greetings of the eastern sec
tion of the Alliance of Reformed Churches,
spoke about the persecutions, of Protest
ants in Russia. The Rev. Dr. William H.
Roberts conveyed the greetings of the
western section of the Alliance.. •:.">;.;-.
Senator Beveridge said in part:
"I have always felt that denominations
are a good thing. Denominations give to
men of different temperaments an oppor
tunity to work in spheres congenial to
themselves and to focus their efforts on
the same aim. As to its civic side, the
Church is a great conservator of public
morals. Destroy the churches and you
will destroy the Government. The flag
and the cross are alike in one respectr-'
they never retreat. You may temporarily
close a church here, a flag may be with
drawn there,. but only in order to advance
more permanently their interest. They
have one common purpose— the cross .to
advance Christianity, the flag to make
this Christian country the greatest power
on earth."
Dr, Buckley, : the first speaker, was re
ceived with great applause. He reviewed
the history of the Presbyterians and the
Methodists, and laid great stress on the
doctrines they held In common.
"Times are out of joint," Dr. Buckley
said in closing. "Protestantism cannot
be maintained in our age except by great
organization; but I say to you that the
Presbyterian church and the Methodist
Episcopal church in the United States
hold within them great potentiality for
the extension of the doctrines of evan
gelical Christianity. Let us stand as
neighboring rocks against the growing
evil of agnosticism that is brought to us
under modern' names and under new
guises, and against the doctrines dissem
inated by the followers of the old man in
Rome, and, not the least, against the cor
rosive fluid— the materialistic spirit of the
age."
VALUE OF CHURCHES.
NEW YORK. May 24.— There was a full
attendance at the Presbyterian General
Assembly to-day when United States Sen
ator Beverldge of Indiana and the Rev.
Dr. J. M. Buckley, editor of the Christian
Advocate, came to convey to the assem
bly the good will and greetings of the
Methodist Episcopal church. Vice Mod
erator Noyes occupied the chair. : • :
Methodist Episcopalian
Speaks to Pres
byterians. ;
URGES UNITED
CHURCH ACTION
Louis H. Severance, an -elder from
Cleveland, said that Cleveland had not
had a General Assembly, in twenty-eight
years; that it had been eighteen years
since there was a General Assembly held
in the State of Ohio and that it was
well nigh time one^was held there. The
Rev. Dr. Samuel Speyer of Cleveland also
spoke In behalf of his city. The question
went over until Monday and the assem
bly adjourned.
The Rev. Dr. William B. Toung assured
the Assembly that they would be hand
somely cared for if they would visit Los
Angeles. E. E. Baker, an elder from
Oakland, Cal.. also spoke in behalf of Los
Angeles for the next General Assembly
and said that Los Angeles would pay all
of the expenses.
erts said it would necessary to increase'
the assessments.
The Japanese was eventually plucked.
The same day he packed his luggage and
left Strassburg in high dudgeon for home.
Some time after the professor received a
letter from a youthful relative of the
Japanese, informing him that the family
of his late student was unable to support
the humiliation that the professor had
brought upon it, and that on a certain
day, which he named, they would put
an end to their existence. They therefore
called upon him to do them the satisfac
tion of committing suicide on the same
day as themselves. Later information
from Japan shows that the family kept
their w,prd, but the professor sees no rea
son why he should follow their example.
New York Mail and Express.
German papers relate the following ex
traordinary Invitation to suicide: A young
Japanese had attended the lectures upon
jurisprudence for several terms at the
Strassburg University, and finally pre
sented himself as a candidate for the doc
tor's degree. The professor, who did not
consider the young man sufficiently pre
pared, tried vainly to dissuade him. from
prematurely attempting the examination.
Japanese Idea of Mak
ing Amends.
But He Does Not Fall Into the
GERMAN PROFESSOR ASKED
' to' commit hara-kiri
The Most Rev. H. T. Simar.
COLOGNE, May 24.— The Most Rev.
Hubert Theophyle Simar, D.D., Arch
bishop of Cologne, died last night.
"He looked up at the sky and commenc
ed talking about seeing dragons and
great bears, and a lot of things, till I
took the liberty of telling him that peo
ple who can't use things in moderation
ought to let 'era alone."— Washington
Star. ,
"Why?"
"I'm worried about that young man,"
said Colonel Stilwell, confidentially, to tho
hostess, who had introduced him to a ris
ing young astronomer.
"My aunt Is awfully fussy since she
joined the "Woman's Reform Club."
"In what wav?"
"She scolded me roundly for giving up
my seat in the car to a woman younger
than myself."
"But how were you to tell about their
ages?"
"That's what I asked my aunt."
"What did she say?"
'.'She told me not to get up at all."—
Cleveland Plata Dealer.
ROME, May 24.-Mgr. Tarnassi, * who
was Papal Nuncio at The Hague at the
time of the Peace Congress and who left
the legation as a protest against the ex
clusion of a representative of the Pope
fiom the congress, is dead.
Monsignor Tarnassi.
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— Henry Heap,
who was born in Manchester, England,
in 1819. and who saw the first locomotive
steam out of that city on Its trial trip
to Liverpool, died at his home here from
blood poisoning. He had been a resident
of this city for a year. ¦
Henry Heap.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAYy MAY 25, 1902.
ST. PIERRE WILL NEVER BE REBUILT BECAUSE THE DANGER
FROM MONT PELEE'S ERUPTIONS MAY LAST FOR CENTURIES
24
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEA2? TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ftk. . Steamers leave Broadway
¥&!*_. Wharf. San Francisco:
ggSsfe^. For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
EE?!PP^H'u_ Skagway, ets.. Alaska — 11 a.
ISfttg*§fe m.. May 11. 10. 21. 26. 31.
(KS»_b3V!\3 June 5. Change to cora-
HBar^i—gii party's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
« Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom—
11 a. m. May 11. 16. 21. 28, 31. June 5. Chang*
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
May 12, 17. 22. 27, June 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aad
Redondo), Bant Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 0 a. ra.
State of California! Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles Tvla San Pedro and East
6an Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Oblspo
(via Port Harford). Ventura. Hueneme and
.•Newport ('Bonita : only).
'Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. May 14. 22. SO. Jun* 7.
Bonita 9 a. m.. May 10. 18. 28. Jun* 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymaa . (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamen or sail-
ing dates. ¦ ¦
TICKFT nvPTCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
„„¦ C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS _ CO., Gen. Agents.
i 10 Market st.. San Franclsoo.
O./?.« TV. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... May 23. June 2. Vi. 22
SS. UEO. W. ELDER Sails
May 18. 28, Juno 7, 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. 11 a. m.
P..W. HITCHCOCK. Pen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. 8. V.
AMERICAN LINE!.
9 NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON; LONDON.
St. Paul.. June 4, 10 amlPhiladel.June 18. 10 am
St. Louis. June 11, 10am I St. PauL June £5, 10 am
RED STAR LINE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PABIS.
Zeeland. . .June 4, noonlSouthwrk.June 18, noon
Frlesland. June 11, noonlVaderlnd. June 21. noon
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. TX TAYLOR.O. A.PX.,30 Montgom'y st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Insures Love and a Happy Home for
All.
' How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varlcocele, etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send ~ your name and address to Dr
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull building, Detroit
Mich., and they will gladly send the. free re^
celpt with full directions so any man may
easily cure himself at home. This is certainly
a most generous offer, and the following ex-
tracts taken from their dally mall show what
men think of their generosity:
"Dear Sirs:. Please accept my sincere thanks '
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a bo»
and you cannot realize how hnppy I am "
"Dear Sirs: "Tour method worked beauti-
fully. Results were exactly what I needed.
Strength and vigor have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sirs: Tours was received and I had
no trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfully say it 1b a boon to
weak men. I am greatly improved In size
strength and vigor." *
All correspondence .is strictly confidential
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
is free for the asking and they want even
man to have It. ¦ ,' *
OCEA-f TRAVEL.
TOYO KISENIaJsE
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets at 1 n m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG", call&c^t
Kobe Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No cargo, received on board on day
SS. AMERICA MARU....
S8. HONGKONG \ MA-RU?. 1 ™* 7 ' Jun « '«."«*»
6S. Nipp6N-MARU:.Thu U rsday: & %''\%&
Round-trip tickets at reduced rkfesT ' ; Foi
J5i *«* t n * paMa K e a PP'y &t company's office
421 Market street, corner First. -C/*T '¦" Ola ' x '
¦ •;•¦ -, W. H. AVERY. General Agent
N^&ve'rV 1^ Sf-MSrTon^reit^ 81 "
e iZ^*to C iffU? ! T0 and "Pward. Second
Th@ Baldwin JsWsfpy Co.
have opened their
el utter «) tr66t ntcntiGii
where they will be pleased to show the public new and
exclusive designs in high-class Jewels and Silverware,
having purchased the entire stock of the San Francisco
Diamond House. v >
\ 1 2Z5 suttee st^eet^
Between Kearny and \Qrant An. 1
Pacific Coast Steamship Col
' -^— FOR
NOME ¦»
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR 9 P. K.. JUJIB X
VALENCIA 0 P. M.. JCNB f
And fortnightly thereafter daring the «««jon. .
Steamships CITT OF PUHSLA and QXTKSN.
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 81 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Tk*
new and elesrant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without Iocs.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Ifom*
folder, apply TICKET OFFICE. * N«w
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel). s
C D. DUNANJJ. Gen. Pass. Axent. V
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. G«n. Agents, ™
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican; Cntral
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
PALKNA Juno TlTUCAPEl, July 19
AREQUIPA ...Jun« 27!0UATEiIALA .Aug. «
These steamers ar» built expressly for Cen-
traj and South American passenger service,
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
an 2 . P T a S^?.^ r £ f , fl ££ S18 California street. -
BALFOUR. GTITHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
oceanic S.S.CO, ss&sy
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
„_ •_•»_*«**»« Sunday, June 0. 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. June 12. 10 a. m.
I D. SPE_(ms_ BH0S.CO., General Aits., 329 Marfct
Gen'l Pass, omeg. 643 Mamt St., Plsr Ho. 7. Mis St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
sirirriA 1^!^ and smm^
Steamen GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO &
»:45 a. m..' 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sua»
f*y.r Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Imm
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. «xo*pi
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Tw M
cent*. Telephone Main 1508. _-adl&t and
tSSa. Ptor •* MUslon-str^t dock. HATCS
RUPTURE.
§| New Cures Ev:ry Week
' I was ruptured six years, dur-
\ ing which time I took treatment
1 twice, and after suffering much,
j received no benefit. This year I
\ took the Fidelity Treating,
which was almost painless, and
am apparently completely cured.
3^ 011^ J^m a hay- baler by occupation.
4- nsor - o "SOLOMOiN HIRSCHY."
I write to advise you of my complete recovery
from Rupture after suffering twenty-two years. I
am 82 years old and* was cured by you in six weeks
without pain or loss of tim?. y
Yountville, Cair D. M. FRAME, Notary Public.
We have cured every case undertaken. We
YOU PAY NOTHING UNTIL CURED.
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE, 261 Kearny St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I San Francisco, Sunday. 25 May, 1002. n
Extension table, $6.50
1 .• • The best dining table yet offered for the price.
Better than most tables that are sold for a fourth more
money. Built of oak finished the popular golaen brown.
Top 39 by 42 inches. Extends to six feet. First floor.
, A" few more rolls of that 20 cent linen warp matting
left. There were about 60 rolls to begin with when it
arrived several days ago, but like all good things it was
wanted by the people. Second floor.
* Scotch grenadine in perfect imitation of stained
glass. Something quite unique ' and new for hall
windows and doors. Price $2.50 the yard. Third floor.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue, jDEATH ENDS THE FAMOUS CAREER
OF THE DIPLOMATIST, PAUNCEFOTE
LORD JULIAN -PAUNCEFOTE,
DISTINGUISHED DIP LOMAV OF
GREAT . BRITAIN, WHO DIED
YESTERDAY AT WASHINGTON.
The shortest, and now the most elegantly
equipped, line is the Lackawanna Railroad,
¦which traverses the most beautiful scenery the
Allegheny Mountains, afford. Through trains
are operated via thl^ line from Chicago. Kan
sas City and St. Louis to New York. It will
be to the Interest of passengers to Inquire of
local railroad agents or write Geo. A. Cullen,
General Western Passenger Agent, 103 Adams
street, Chicago. •
by the German press and Ministers of at
tempting in 189S to engage the European
powers In an effort to intimidate this
country and so keep it from declaring war
against Spain. The charges were an
swered by Lord Julian and his Govern
ment and for lack of further substantia
tion the matter rested.
From Buffalo to New York.
At the Studebaker the basement was
flooded so that the chorus girls were com
pelled to flee to the stage floor, and manj
lost portions of their wardrobes. All th<
downtown hotels were inconvenienced bj
water in their basements. The Palmei
House was compelled to shut down lti
electric light plant, and for twenty min
utes "the hotel was in darkness. Th(
Weather Bureau announced that 1.H
inches of water; had fallen in an hour.
Chorus Girls in a Flood.
CHICAGO, May 24.—A thunderstorm oi
marked severity passed over Chicago to
night. The rainfall was one inch in a lit
tle less than forty. minute's. In the sub
urbs* and parks many trees were blowr
down, nearly all the downtown theaters
suffered greatly during the storm, theli
basements being flooded. :-At the Granc
Operarhouse the members of the chorus
were caught in their-rooms and-were un
able to get out. Some of them were car
rled out by the stage hands, the mer
wading through two feet of water, . -
ARKANSAS CITY, Kans., May 24.-
Frank Wilson to-day shot and seriously
wounded his . wife, killed Abner Cantei
and then committed suicide.., Wilson waf
jealous of Canter's attentions to his wife.
All three had lived on a farm In the Ter
ritory across the line from here. Wilson
had threatened to kill his wife and they
separated, the woman moving to Arkan
sas City yesterday to the home of hei
mother, Mrs. Sarah Favorite. . .
To-day, while Canter and. Mrs. Wilson
were at work in the yard, Wilson fired
at Canter without warning, killing him
instantly, and. fired two shots at his wife
one bullet breaking her forearm and the
second, striking her in the back and go-
Ing entirely through the body. Then h€
shot himself in the mouth, dying Imme
diately. Wilson was a farmer and Can
ter had worked for him as a teamster.
Wilson was 28 years old, his wife 25 and
Canter was 30.'
Ending His Life With a
Pistol.
Farmer Commits Two Crimes Befor
MTJB-DERS HIS TEAMSTER
AND WOUNDS HIS WIFE
"I' cannot prove- it absolutely, but I am
morally certain that In the last election,
Mark Hanna, representing the Republican
party, of which I am a member, formally
agreed with Ireland, representing a mass
of voters, that in consideration of turn-
Ing over these voters to . the Republican
party the Roman church would be given
concessions in Indian schools. And when
Issues arose thereafter and Indian offl-'
dais were inclined to oppose the claims
of the Romanists with regard to the In
dians they were told by higher authority
that the bargain had been made and must
be carried out." , , ¦: . •
It was the most' sensational . utterance
during the anniversaries of this week, and
was made In the. presentation of the re
port of thet executive board. The state
ment was commended .by Dr. Kittridge,
the following speaker. . ¦ ,
Frank R. Hathaway, treasurer, report
ed that last year $670,731 was collected for
missions, but that the society was still
$13,000 in debt. ,- ¦ ; , .
ST. PAUL, Minn!, May 24.— "Archbishop
Ireland wields a tremendous power -In
•politics, which he Is using for the/Roman
church," declared Rev, T.' J. Morgan,
corresponding secretary of the Baptist
Home Mission Society, at the opening ses
sion of that organization to-day. He was
discussing the obstacles to mission 'work
in America and linked together "Roman
ism, Mormonism, heathenism and Chris
tian Science as the greatest hindrances
to progress and the greatest, menaces to
Christianity and the nation." He stated:
Sensational Utterances Before
Baptist Home Mission
ary Society. • , 1
Minister Alleges Conces
sions Concernino; In- :
. dian Schobls.'
DECLARES HANNA
MADE A BARGAIN
The Right Honorable Lord Julian Paunce
fote, G. C. B.. G; C. M. G., was born at
Munich, Bavaria. September 13, 1828. His
father. Robert Pauncefote, Esq.. of Pres
ton Court, Gloucestershire, traveled much
on the Continent, and' young : Julian .was
educated at Paris and Geneva and later
at Marlborough College. . ¦
He studied law and was called to the
Late Embassador From Britain.
Eminent Services Rendered bythr
CABEEB- OF THE DIPLOMAT.
• ¦ BERLIN, May 24.— Several responsible
papers reassert that J. P. Morgan, during
the negotiations with the navigation syn
dicate tried to get the • German lines . to
merge their identity therein, offering
Herr Ballln, the director general of the
Hamburg- American line, a salary of a
million dollars a year to act as president
of the company.
Offered a Million a Year.
American. Poloists Win.
LONDON, May 24.— The American polo
players defeated a Hurlingham team to
day by 6 to 2 goals. The Englishmen.
Hazeltine. Shepherd, Thaime and Rob
son.-proved a weak aggregation. After
preliminary games between Hurlingham
ar.d Rockhampton. C. Nickalls. P. Nick
alls. W. H. Buckmaster and Charles Mil
ler have been selected as the pick of Eng
lish poloists to compete •with the Ameri
cans for the international cup.
After the church services, the remains
will be conveyed to Rock Creek Cemetery,
escorted by a military procession, the de
tails of which have, not yet been arrang
ed, and at the > cemetery they will be
placed in a temporary receiving vault.
At first it was suggested that the re
mains be permanently interred here, but
the wishes of the family of the deceased
were otherwise, and it is the present In
tention to have them conveyed to Eng
land. It •will be determined before that
time whether or not a United States
warship will carry the remains to Eng
land. - . • •;„ ...-¦•
Mr. Raikes, the Secretary .and Charge
of the British embassy, called upon As
sistant Secretary Hill to advise with him
respecting the funeral crrangements and
finally these were entrusted to Hill in
their official features, A tentative ar
rangement has been made, which must
be approved by Lady Pauncefote before
being put into execution. In brief, this
provides that the remains of the late Em
bassador shall be taken from the embassy
at 31:45 next Wednesday to'. St. John's
Episcopal Church, where he worshiped.
The honorary pall-bearers will consist of
the five Embassadors in Washington, Dr.
von HoHeben, M. Cambon, Count Casslni,
Senor Aepiroz and Signor Desplanches,
Secretary Hay, Senator Frye, president
pro tem. of the Senate, and Speaker Hen
derson of the House of Representatives.
President Roosevelt drove to the Brit
ish embassy as soon as he had become
disengaged from the ceremonies attend
ing the Rochambeau exercises. He was
received in the drawing-room by the First
Secretary of the Embassy, Raikes, who
now becomes British Charge d' Affaires,
and by. some of the ladles of the house
hold. The President expressed . his deep
sense of bereavement at the death of the
Embassador, not only in -behalf of the
Government, but also for the people of
the country, to whom Lord Pauncefote
had become endeared in many ways. Sec
retary Hay and the other members of the
Cabinet also called at the embassy, leav
ing their cards and expressing their con
dolences. The foreign Embassadors and
Ministers also left their cards.
FRESIDENT AT EMBASSY.
Having dispatched his.mesage the Sec
retary of State proceeded to attend the
ceremonies connected with the dedication
of the Rochambeau statue. At first there
seemed to be an incongruity in this, but
it appeared that an act of Congress re
quired the statue to be unveiled on this
date, and although there was every dis
position in official circles and on the part
of the French embassy to defer the cer
emonies until another day in deference
to the memory of the deceased, yet they
felt bound to carry forward the pro
gramme. . .' ...
As soon as it became generally known
that Lord Pauncefote was dead flags
were half-masted over the different em
bassies and legations. At the Arlington
Hotel, where the visiting Frenchmen who
have come to witness the Rochambeau
statue unveiling are stopping, the French
flag was placed at half-mast.
Secretary Hay after a conference with
the President proceeded directly to the
British embassy, where he made a formal
call of condolence as the personal repre
sentative of the President. Then return
ing to the State Department Hay dis
patched the following cablegram:
"DEPARTMENT OF STATE. WASH
INGTON, May 24.— The Marquis of Lans
downe, London: Permit me to express
my deep sympathy and sorrow at the
death ot Lord Pauncefote. His Majesty's
Government has lost an able and faithful
servant and this country a valued friend.
"JOHN HAY."
FLAGS AT JHAUf-MAST.
Tf TT 17 ASHINGTON, May 24.— Lord
)\ / Pauncefote. the British Em
\L/VU bassador to the United
V V States, died at the embassy
this morning at 5:35 o'clock.
The improvement which had Deen noted
In his condition during the past week re
ceived a sudden check about 6 o'clock
last evening, when it was noticed that
j he was experiencing difficulty In breath
! ing. Dr. Jung, his physician, was imme
: dlately sent for, and he decided upon a
! consultation with a local physician, in
the meantime telegraphing for Dr. Osier
of Baltimore. In his stead came Dr.
Thayer of Johns Hopkins University, ar
riving about 2 o'clock this morning.
• The patient's pulse was still good, and
when Vr. Thayer left the embassy at 3,
o'clock, for Baltimore the Embassador j
was resting so comfortably that a cable
gram was senfto his son-ln-iaw, Broa
ley, in London, that there was no im
mediate danger. ,
Soon after i o'clock a distinct weakness
of the heart developed and his pulse be
gan to collapse. He died so peacefully
that it surprised even his physician, who
feared that the asthmatic affection would
prove troublesome when the end came.
1 At the bedside when the distinguished
diplomat passed away were Lady Paunce
fote, the Hon. Maude Pauncefote, Miss
Sjbil and Miss Audrey Pouncefote, Dr.
Jung and Clerk Radford af the embassy.
Coming to "Washington when he did, on
the heels of the egregious "faux pas" of
Lord Sackville-West, Lord Paunce
fote so conducted himself and the busi
ness of his office as to gain the great re
spect of our own Government and the en
larged confidence of his own, especially
that . of the Premier, Lord Salis
bury. Many delicate pieces of diplo
matic negotiation with this Gov
ernment were handled by him,
notably the Bering Sea Commission, the
Alaskan-Canadian boundary convention,
the Anglo-Venezuelan boundary arbitra
tion and the recent Nicaragua canal
treaty. Of his finesse and ability In these
instances, and, in fact, in most others, his
own Government most certainly could
find little fault. , .
Lord Pauncefote was lately accused
In 1892, In recognition of his eminent ser
vices, ho was given the Grand Cross of
the Bath, and in 1393 was raised to the
rank of Embassador Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary to the United
States. On November 21, 1894, during a
visit home he was sworn as a member of
the Privy Council.
In 1899 he was one of the delegates from
Groat Britain to the Peace Conference
held at The' Hague. In August of this
year Sir Julian was elevated to the peer
age.
In 1888 on the recall, by request of the
United States Government, of Lord Sack
villc-"West, .Sir Julian Pauncefote succeed
ed him as the British Minister at Wash
ington, which position he continued to nTl
until his death with an ability second to
none of his predecessors since Lord
Lybn's tenure during the days of our
Civil War. .
In 1880 he was created Companion of the
Bath, also K. C. M. G., and in 1882 suc
ceeded Lord Tenterden as Under-Secre
tary of State for Foreign Affairs. In 1885
he received the Grand Cross of the Order
of St Michael and St. George (G. C. M.
G.). '
In 1873 he was appointed Chief Justice of
the Leeward Islands, and in 1874 Legal As
sistant Under-Secretary of State for the
Colonies. In 1876 he was made Assistant
(Legal) Under-Secretary of State for For
eign Affairs.
bar at Inner Temple in 1852 and then
joined the Oxford circuit. In May, 1865, he
was appointed Attorney General of Hong
kong and in 1869. and again in 1872, acted
as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
He received the thanks of the executive
and legislative councils of Hongkong for
his services to the colony and was knight
ed in recognition thereof in 1874 by letters
patent. /
Abbey 25 guineas are asked for seats.
Ovei" 500 coronation bonfires already have
been arranged for In the provinces.
A curious precedent in celebrating King
Edward's crowning has been set by the
corporation of the city of London, which
has decided to make a personal gift of
£5000 to the King to use as he sees fit in
token of the continuance of the corpora
tion's ancient loyalty to the sovereign.
This Is exclusive of the appropriation for
decoration and entertainment or for the
King's hospital fund.
Among the guests not having admit
tance by right of rank, but who were spe
cially invited by the King to attend the
services, is Mrs. Arthur Paget. daughter
vt the late Mrs. Paran Stevens of New
York and wife of Major General Paget of
the Scots Guards, ilrs. Paget will preside
over a huge coronation ball July 2, in aid
of the King's hospital fund, it will be
held at the Crystal Palace, where 12.00'.
sauare feet will V»e laid out in parquet
flooring, the largest area, it is said, ever ,
laid down ior dancing. All the members
of the royal family are expected to be
present.
The royal celebration night at the Grand
Opera, Covent Garden, June 30. is expect
ed to break all box office records. The
stall will cost 20 guineas, which means
10,000 guineas for royal visitors. Cabinet
Ministers and other high personages.
Hundreds of seats already have been al
lotted. Such boxes as are not taken by
the court will cost from 60 guineas- to 100
guineas. Many of these already are sold.
It Is estimated that Covent Garden will
hold that night £1S,000. Jean de Reszke
and Madames Melba, Calve, Nordica and
other stars will take part in the pro
gramme, which will include scenes from
"Lohengrin," "Siegfried." "Tannhauser"
and "Lucia di Lammermoor."
Among the ante-coronation festivities
the Ascot meeting bids fair to be the
most popular, though this year the King
will have a stand to himself. The rush
of applications for admittance to the
royal inclosure, where King Edward for
merly watched the races, is unprecedent
ed. The Lord Chamberlain, the Earl of
Clarendon, with only 1500 tickets at his
disposal, has -been obliged to disappoint
hundreds, among whom are many distin
guished persons who have previously
benn accustomed to mix in this exclusive
gathering. The price of tickets also has
•been raised to 4 guineas.
"Almost a fairy city," is the way one
writer forecasts London's appearnce dur
ing coronation week. Arches and fes
toons, planned by municipal and artistic
committees, will be erected in every quar
ter of the metropolis. The preparations
for these, however, are anything but
fairylike. Each week sees London more
hideous, with countless half-finished
stands, many of them shutting out the
light from houses and all reeking with
the smell peculiar to rain-soaked pine. In
the maze of stands going up around the
. houses of Parliament and Westminster
Practically all the invitations to the
coronation service ; have been . sent . out.
The dowacer Peeresses will-sit with the
reigning peeresses and fwear similar
robes and coronets. In this way. It Is
pointed out, many celebrated women who
have been separated by bitter family
feuds will be brought together for the
first time in many years. The eldest sons
and daughters of peers will occupy sep
arate seats, which rather complicates
matters from a family view. .
The presents which King Edward will
give to foreign envoys are -now ready.
Whitelaw Reid, the American Special
Embassador, and his associates will re
ceive Dins and brooches of gold, mostly
in the form of the initial "E" set with
1-;ubies and pearls with a gold enameled
i .-own above. In a few cases, perhaps,
'.ostlier presents will be made to the
. heads of special embassies.
LOXDOX, May 21.— Lewanika, King of
Barotaeland (Northwestern Rhodesia),
the only King who will be present at the
coronation of King Edward, arrived from
South Africa to-day.
Dowager Peeresses Not to Be
Ignored at the Coro
..*¦"¦ nation.
His Majesty of Barotzi
land a Visitor to
London.
AFRICAN KING
BRITAIN'S GUEST
Closing Out Odd Lots
Of framed pictures at one-half the regu
lar prices. ' Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
Ket street. *
Personally conducted , excursions to Kansas
City and Chicago, leave 'San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m. via
the 'Santa Fe. Cars used are the wide-vesti
buled improved. Pullman tourist sleepers of the
very latest pattern. If you are contemplating
a trip East, you should first call upon or write
to the ticket agent of the Santa Fe, 641 Market
street, San Francisco, for illustrated pamphlets
and fuir particulars. :' \ •
To the East in a Tourist Sleeper.
LONDON, May 24.— A wealthy woman
named Sllva recently died at Lisbon and
left her entire property to a rooster. She
was a fervid spiritualist, a believer in the
transmigration of souls and imagined that
the soul of her dead husband had entered
the rooster. She caused a special fowl
house to be built and ordered her .servants
to pay extra attention to their "master's
wants. . ..; ...
The disgust of her relatives over the will
caused the story to become public, and
a lawsuit might have followed had not
one of the heirs adopted the simple ex
pedient of having the wealthy rooster
killed, thus becoming himself the neat of
kin.
ualistic Calculations of a Rich
Woman.
Heir to Property Upsets the Spirit-
KILLS THE ROOSTER
: : .":'' AND GETS A FORTUNE
The Government regards the departure
from Colombia of Generals Uribe-Uribe
and Soto as evidence of the hopelessness
of the Insurgent cause In the interior of
the country. \ ,-"
COLON. Colombia, May 24.— The United
States .gunboat Machlas, which arrived
here this noon, reports a battle between
the Government and insurgent troops at
Chiriqui Grande, In which General Luis
Gomez, military governor of Colon, I is
said to have been killed. No further de
tails of the fight are known here.
Commander McCrea of the Machlas
•went to Panama this afternoon and with
Consul General Gudger boarded the
cruiser Philadelphia, where a conference
will take place this evening.
General Salazer arrived In Colon from
Panama this evening and will go to Bocas
del Toro In the Colombian gunboat Gen
eral Plnzon as soon as she returns. She
will carry more troop3 from Colon to
Bocas del Toro. .
The Colombian Government received
yesterday information that the insurgent
generals Uribe-Uribe and Fodon Soto
had arrived vat Port of Spain, Trinidad,
thus escaping the pursuit of the Govern
ment forces commanded by-General Pom
pjllo Gutierrez. A dispatch from- the
Colombian Consul at Port of Spain con
firms this report.
Special Dlssatch to The Call.
The;' Irish Times, the Government or
gan, expresses the hope that som« satis
factory explanation will be forthcoming
for "on the face of it, the Prince's treat
ment of his fellow-countrymen compares
very unfavorably with the almost undig
nified affability he ¦ displayed during his
visit to the United States:"
"One would naturally have expected
that as in New York, one of the first
thoughts of the Prince and his captains
would have been to shake hands with
countryment domiciled In Ireland."
The address of the Germans included
the signature of Count von Stolberg'and
two well-known German artists, while
the professor ot German at Trinity Col
lege, Dublin, acted as chairman.
One of the members of the delegation
is c.uoted as saying: ;--- *
,LONDON. May 24.— The visit of Prince
Henry of Prussia to Dublin and his re
fusal to receive a deputation of. Germans,
created a rumpus, it is said, which shows
no siens of abating.
Auguste finally left the legation with
United States Minister Powell in a car
riage over which an American flag was
held.
When on the point of leaving the- United
States legation, where he sought refuge
at the time of the disturbances which fol
lowed the resignation of President Sam,
a crowd made a hostile demonstration
against him and a detachment of troops
was sent for to escort him to the wharf.
PORT AU PRINCE, May 24.— Tancrede
Auguste. the former Minister of the- In
terior and of Police, left here to-day on
the Paloma for Jamaica.
Germans in Dublin De
nounce the Kaiser's
Brother.
Killed.
Governor of Colon Re
ported to Have Been
Former Minister in Hay ti
Has a Very Narrow
Escape.
PRINCE'S SLUR
EXCITES WRATH
AMERICA'S FLAG
SAVES HIS LIFE
GENERAL DIES
IN THE BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STtfSTDA Y, MAY 25, 1902.
Great Britain's Ejnbassador to the United
States Passes Away at His Residence
in Washington After a Severe Illness
25
GRAPE-NUTS.
I ¦ Wili^^^^K Miles and Miles of Embroidery. *
i^&s/A If I l \)^^^^ : "^ J K*^*i^S-». Bought from onejof the largest and finest Swiss embroidery man-
W*^^ !J »i>0^lA / ft\l!?\S'1fcV! ••) tifactturers his entire surplus stock. It was a lucky catch for us. We
''^P%^'''-J!y m^fi/m!W k • v^itrt 1^ bought them for less than the cost of labor. They are aU made on th*
% <^ r yjir-lllnl\l&^^B^^' ' ''¦ flnest nainsook and cambric foundations. In Irish Point, Bow Knot,
Wwr/ulif ' Jr!?tt'-\ ' ' ! 'Guip^e,' Butterfly and Blind effects. Also Beadings and Insertions
nWOll/ yrlm'IM^l^K'iyV^' ' to match.' Every piece is finished with extra fine and strong button-
'¦WMl'rXi 1 1 iLrf f§ t > 1 V^ ' hole the'kinVTthat'will wash.
»%W ; l ; ¦ I'/^S^^i^i**^^^ ¦ ¦-'¦ T1^ e y are the finest Embroideiies we've ever had and we're selling
Wl* '£J } ||L//^ them at the lowest prices for the qualities you've ever seen.
ItfrtRJC fc4A %'W*P^ .; Note afew.of the prices: .
»»L-</\ * T • .ijf^v "' 12c qualitynow.... .......... 6c 25c quality now 15c
H '& I ' : 2Oc ualitv >ow'.......,...... 12c 50c quality now 29c
H **!Jll fj^ ' '"•'*" il\*W*ii*»\N '• -^nd many others in higher and lower price.
B ''WjrWl 4 \ V » » * h$ ' Come here,' in' justice to yourself and us, and see if this is not the
I \ Uu\W\u0001^i^ -^^^ Are Yon Going Away for the Summer? Another Sample Line.
H \.\ ilWlulnl ilM W T •\\v.A^^J^ ' If so here is a chance to buy WASH One that means money
B H\\\\\\\\\"n/-'« JAT *yWT^. : SUITS AT LESS- THAN THE COST j^l in your pocket if you pur-
Hi A\\\\\\\mu^ f WS^ ;^*t^AvC 5 ~ OF MATERIALS. ' It is another sample £$$fl chase one or these elegant
Ki \\\\ \\\\\\\\\\\w'v -i* k H\^ J» *^> bought from a • drummer who, having u j\*f silk waists. "We bought
n \\\\ Vv\\v\w S*tLi.H ' *\ *!JSttsiL. concluded his business here, was willing <a^^OTTSTTv them at 65 cents on the
H H\\ \^)^ l i^^Jrk^Ek1^W^^>^.' to sel1 h 13 samples at any price. We \^VV\M|la dollar and will sell them
k3 \\\ bought his entire line at a great dis- AnTttvPwy the same way. The
cl \^l^^a^^iJjyj^*^ l^^^Ni?iv^^ count. The line consists of the flnest i~J^Sx->^ drummer would rather
\M made garments of best materials, yj lose on them than pay
H J<^W///MllM\mW^m^^^^^^ perfect-fitting, well finished, in new f \ ++ freight to take them back
M—^^^^sKaw/w 111/' TO W^^P2»^8^^- Gibson effects or tucked and hem- Eaat. They are all made of finest taf-
la^i§«5Kia«»%ab^W stitched or lace or embroidery inser- feta silk, peau de sole and louisine,
18 lV0Gw2Kv»raMK3!r tion trimmed. They are made of tucked and hemstitched back and front,
Ig - Madras, mercerized zephyrs, lawns and buttoned back or front, new sleeves,
S3 percales. Sizes 34 and 38. Remember fancy adjustable collar, lined through-
gj /^*\^SlaW^*«k^ ' onl y one of a klnd - Cheaper than you out, tailor made, perfectly fitting, aa
Hi ¦ N^wfltt ?¦ could make yourself. they are made by one of the foremost
pi -^ ¦ ' j?tfCT| ' ' '. Just glance at these prices: waist manufacturers in the United
p| . i'> $5 00 suits 9*** ft 8 States. Example th© way we will sell
to . . v yf^ "^ ' i J7 50 suits **"** u^'aa $6.00 waist! sample price S3. OS
IUI ' ,,¦ •••••• •.^.•..tp«.w $8.50 waist; sample price 3S5.5O
An Weal Form for Yery, LitOe Money ' Fine for Country Wear. "^ -"^ ""*" C St ' 5 °
, By wearing the new ; WHITE PIQUE GOLF SKIRTS made R1DD0HS. RlDDODS.
/jK^^ SHIRT-WAIST EXTEND- o t qua lity shrunk pique, finished We find that we are overstocked In
?$£&* ER. It is made of ruffles of with neatly stitched band bottom. BLACK VELVET RIBBONS. We have
f €g» light ¦"weight grenadine, inverted pleat, well made, perfect fit- made great reductions to lighten our
i ST sewn together and made to, «nf. Just the thing for a tramp skirt, stock.
J X fasten tn thp rorset hv Within every one's reach $1.35 It is the best FRENCH VELVET
J&ffl\ means of smaU safe™ -pli' 1 AND ANOTHER-LADIES" SKIRTS. RIBBON, linen back, full nap-
im&tt \ light and sanitary and in- ! made of best quality linen, all-over Width 1, 10 yds to a pc 20c PC
\< dispensable to women of tucked, full flare flounce braid trimmed. Width m, 10 yd3 to a pc 32c PC.
JRSBSr) ) slight build as it sives a inverted back, well made, perfect hang- Width l^, 10 yds to a pc 35c PC
Bsl*//^ full low bust effect, so es- Inff- Best jskirt ; money can buy. Width 1%. 10 yds to a pc 49c PC
f^y\ sential to the nresent style; Only $1.75 Width 2, 10 yds to a pc 54c PC
/ -• \ of dress. Effective and in-' _ _ , , _ , M _ ..
sale o e '?aTre\?st v entrance " 23c All That Is lei and Svdl in Neckwear Are Yon In Seed of a Corset ?
Dale KJ JT ell reil— St. oltrance. . . wc - cr\ v/mt oACETwcrnr'Tc *m uu
r ; ; : You will find at Joe Rosen- "* so » « OB ROSENBERG'S THE
rTnn^PlfPPTIPrQ AttAntl'nn j^s^V* berg's, always at the lowest STORE.
nUubC&etJpClb, AllCUUUU. £§&&* prices, too. /Si The NEW MODEL ERECT
H LADIES' KITCHEN APRONS, made ftgfS/ Tn i 3 week we have fif|\ FORM CORSET-The very lat-
Hof good quality gingham, full length,: $F*W LADIES' NECK RUCHES . J&&> est creation. It Is mad© of th©
Hgpod width, good strong and durable.: &kb ht £ . . fntde of best quality^Liberty GP^' quality fast black Italian
N in brown and white or blue and white X " 3^HJ27 Silk good fast black full -^^\ cloth. It has extra pieces at the
| check. Cheaper, than you can buy goods. .^^ Se, with full "cordion f*g/ ¦Wes to cover and fit over the
BOnly...... 12V4C *| plaited ends. Equal to any Jf hips, producing a perfectly
BI _,¦_., ~, . . _ .¦ _ , . f-vjra. $1 ">(> r«ph<» Onr nri<*«» *"l /* jS i smooth. efTect. Just now very
I The Latest Styles in Hosiery , Direct .». . K<\ Sf h i h ?2S S*«S r SK'ia T SK
0 yi^t From France ?& ? i ,f 5? i? and dress ' must wear ihia cor -
U ¦*?&!&&. riailtC. *v ES at about one-half. set . tj.^ Sixe b , as cut> hand gored
H ONE OF THE MANY STYLES.' $3.00 Ruche, now.... §2.00 equal if not better than any made to ar-
il LADIES' FANCY HOSE 550 ° Ruche, now $2.98 der corset. The manufacturer compels
1 made of best French lis^; *™° Ruche. now.........$3.5O as to withhold the name, otherwise h©
H W white • eround black fleiire- * would not have us sell them at this price.
I I doubfe heels^and^toesf^full l^t and CMC INTRODUCTORY PRICE «I.OO
i I length, very elastic, good mfU auu vulOi TJ«,™ T«, M « W »«
3 • " French dye; best value money jf^ The NEW ALICE ROOSE- f OTBl UnpiOYeiS.
Kj can buy 50c VELT COLLARS, made of THIN PEOPLE MADE FAT by wear-
fi , . .' x TTT TTTni. m 3 n a \*F be st quality white lawn, Ing the new MELBA BUST FORM.
§ Important tO WOfflen With Tender Feet JgL with colored mercerized or FAT PEOPLE MADE THL\ by wear-
I LADIES' HOSE-Made of extra fine #f|% gg" VF^S^'^fiZJ* SASET NEMO ° r VAJESTY
I Peruvian Cotton warranted fast black; «i|pW rlety of color, at prices to fjtted free. mtttng
I •iSa a Se i sSicisa sfwssaW^a -u a n .. ... 2uc rooma on the maln floor>
|r^SfeV < a^for^% I S?SSS!- 10c Instead of 25c. Closing Sale of Our Eiderdown Jackets
Bfort. The price is low, but these stock-' LADIES' TURNOVER - COLLARS. - just thf pinkc im
Hlnga have no equal for health or, com- made of best quality linen, hand-em- g3 rhifbiprt
Q fort ...... *.. ............. 25c broidered, with best wash silk, in green, • tt*Y BLLBS LEFT.
H black, blue or red. 2?S&-v They are made of good
1 Are You Handy With the Needle? q £g> Ta u w R n NO^?h R SS£f^S,aiS (« SSSSSi StSS
I If so, here is your opportunity. We ove^r collar edVed^wlthflnll J^orniain /'A : l\^ of fine German yarn, silk
| have a lot of sample ends of CHIFFON inltead of' 25c now P \fu. W* m trimming th<» front.
H AND SATIN ALLOVERS. with chiffon ansieaa 0I c « now lOe W^[ These sacques sold for $1 all
¦ roses and gilt or sliver braid trimming, >' ¦ ¦ © "1 season. Our closing price..
| 9 to 12 inches long 18 inches wide, suit- Jn OttT BUCilO Department • 5 59c
B able for fancy collars or-hat trimming - */v[/uiimuufc
H or fronts of dresses. These allovers sell We have a line of BUCKLES that will KMTlPthiM KPW ;
H at $7 50 and $10 per yard. Sample pieces surprise you when you see the quality J ° , ixT? 1
§ only Vj 35c and 50c and our prices; made of very best metal. THE IDEAL COLLAR FORM— It is
y ' oxidized or gilt; warranted untarnish- made of "light weight grenadine and
i' Ifnct PAliflhlp Maria able; In fleur de Us and cupid or floral boned throughout with best feather
JflUbl Reiidl'iC OIUCIU fllaUe. designs, in the new dip shape. Our sur- boning, light weight and cool; the moat
It's the OMO. It Is made prise price .....;..: 50c perfect form to tie ribbons over yet la-
k A of a vegetable compound that vented. Our introductory price 10c
Dg£i SnSSS^S o r d u°b r b e e s r?. Ill In Ow Shell Goois Department . Attention.
\~*y r^Ta^w^Th^ir^Nain 8 We , h f ve ladies' combs in every style and LADIES' VESTS-The Merode Brand.
shields. Unequaled in quality teetn that won » t pu ll or scratch the with a crochet silk »dge run through
P nce —oc head. Broad band, looks like the real with a silk ribbon. Joe Rosenberg's of
Be Instead of 12c. ' S^^^jwS%f^S^^ course - for BUCh low prIce9 S1 * 00
pearl buttons., best quainy peari. ¦ The Stout Woman's Friend. •
extra heavy, 2 or I hole. 16 to. 20 line; flU tflfl Kag6. THE ABDOMEN REDUCER. THE
card of one dozen, now oC THE NEW STEEL| BEAD HOOK ON HOSE SUPPORTER, mad©
Vn » Tit #-i- id BAG OR CHATEiiAlNH with a corset clasp attached to th© ab-
A Box of Pins for lc. '/V m°ta??.Si!3SeiS£ as^.^^^. pr^ en ( S l tl ff ul 1I 2r
-ftim 3^Di p Y EC L A A Ii Di F E o P a b »i«. 1^^.S^..!5!r.fflB
Agents for the Renowned Kwp-Clean jam cHATELAiN^BAG^Ma^ • indispensaDIe for Conntry Wear.
Rrnsh. Xfigttr beads, Suede foundation, The NEW KNIT DRAWERS, made
... . . . ... ' "yr- . leather lined, riveted frame, of superior knit fabric, soft velvet
' pL. ,,m Made of best quality g ood , strong oxidized chain finish, with ruflle of knit lace; saves
(gggggarr^'f* genuine hog bristles. and f ancy chatelaine hook, fancy oxi- time and labor a3 they don't require
WrnfflSSSP w i l ,\ aluminum face, dlzed flora i top. Sold elsewhere at $1 50. starching; band made of good strong
>^HUm»»^ which is non-tarnishing For Monday's selling 98c muslin; equal this prlc« If you can. 23c
Ki a..v. >.aiy to keep clean, solid wood back, ¦ ' ~
|[SJgWSK e 85.t l S5 d S?riSj le "^ IflC DHOCMDCDP 816 MARKET STREET,
iff^ffte^Sa^^er^^^^ R U O t 8 1 0 t SI U . tunning ihrough to 11 O'Forre,!.
U only brush cleanly persons should use. . ¦ -ki~\-\ c\ v a*v<z CSniinitAi PHPT AW Ttnu mrn
H Our price is always lowest 50c '¦-}¦ ¦ fflaU UraerS aOllCll^a. rrlULAW BUILDING.
"I sincerely believe that practically all
of our nervous troubles are caused by
Imperfect nourishment. It was fortunate
for me that I could get such a food as
Grape-Nuts.. You" can use this letter, but
don't publish my name, please.'"- Name
tfven by Postum Co.. BatUe Creek/Mich.
"He explained to me that Grape-Nuts
contains a goodly portion of phosphate of
potash, a nerve and brain food, and that
the food being partially digested the
sj stem could make use of it easily. At
any rate I got well and both the doctor
and myself know that Grape-Nuts made
it possible.
"He put me on a certain line of. treat-
ment and Insisted that I use three or
four teaspoonfuls of Grape-Nuts each
meal. I was under his care for several
months. I steadily improved until now
I am fully restored to both mental and
bodily vigor.
.. "Jt was the same old s'tory. I was dosed
with medicine and massaged and bathed.
Finally I left there and went to another
specialist, who told me I would only live
a few months. This rather frightened
me and I placed myself under Dr. .
He said the stomach was at fault and
probably I had not been giVen the right
kind of food.
A gentleman in Baltimore Bays: "About
two years ago I began to experience a
peculiar depression, occasionally with
pains in the back part of my head and
down along the spine. Gradually my
eyesight began to fail and " my memory
grew poor. A general nervousness set in.
I used all the will power I could com-
mand to help myself, but was forced to
give up a good position and seek the ad-
vice of the family doctor. He said neur-
asthenia and sent me to a £reat nerve
specialist. So for four mmiths I was
massaged and dosed with medicine, but
all to no benefit; then I went . to New
York and consulted Dr. . He sent me
to another great specialist, and he in turn
sent me to Sanitarium, where I stay-
ed for a long time.
"What a hades some people go through
because their food does not supply the
right kind of nourishment to the body.
Take the following for example.
JUMPED ABOUT
TTrtll He Found the Bight Food.
JOE PvOSEUBERG'3.
JOE B0SENBi,KG'S.
JOB EOSENBEEO'S.
f Friedman's Furniture j
I We will send a man .
i| To Measure Your Rooms; Sew, Line and Lay these Carpets.
f| Right Out of Our R.egula.r Stock, «.t These Prioes-All You Need
U do is Come and Choose the Pattern — And that's more of a Diver-
H sion tha.n a task, here. Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley, same service— \ .
| 3 Selections of Smith's Axminster 90c a. yard
I 4 Selections of Wilton Velvet ¦- 95c Cl yard
1 5 Selections of Body Brussels - 1.1O a yard
H Many of the "Discontinued" 50. 60, 70c. Tapestry Brussels -here yet*
1 You can use 20
|f Yards of Matting any time, but this is the time you want it most, in
H town or country. Thick, bright, woven pattern, alike on both sides, that ;.
H would cost by the yard $5.50— dainty green and white, 20 yd roll 3.35; ;
i Pretty blue and white, worth by the yard, $4.00—20 yard roll— 2.9*5
I 30x60 Two-Sided Smyrna Rugs, .' $1.00
H Bright, Oriental desig-ns, in all colors. Fringed ends. .
i ¦LuiH!"i'!Likmiiiin hjwjjl.- Here's An Example
I of useful, decorative simplici-
I ffl Fi \. ty no; one can help admiring;
I 4-# iw i\ 1 anc^ t0 admire is to desire—
I I lLJL.ll.'' This Tabourette
1 **¦ comes * n Mahogany finish
I ' sSw^^\- and Golden Oak. 15 /inches ;
I ' ! n \ £i - accross top, 20 inches high;
JH !|||:gg : fg 65 Gents || ;
I "?'T$* Credit House? Six Stories Hi^h.
I 233-23i?-23r Pdst Street Phone Private £x y? ¦ ;Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
The heirs of George Gordon, owners of
South Park, offer to sell the property to
the city for $75,000. The property Is 625x90
and the owners say they will relieve the
city from all liability for Its occupancy
of the land during the last four years
Would Sell South Park.
Marshall's Fountain Pens, $L00. A. A.
"Waterman- Fountain Pens, $1 60. "Water
man's Ideal Fountain Pens from $2 50 to
533 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar
ket street. . •
From One to Tliirty-Five.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. TJ. S. M., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 24. 1902.
The Time ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
L e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant. TJ. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Second Engineer A. Anderson and Fifth
Engineer Lubbock of the steamship Coptic have
left the White Star sen-ice to take positions
ashore. A. C. Bramwell and W. J. Blackmore
have arrived here from Liverpool to fill the va
cancies.
Changes on Coptic.
The battleship Wisconsin sailed yesterday
for Bremerton navy yard, where she will go
on the drydock to have the grass and barnacles
gathered during her recent cruise in southern
waters removed.
Wisconsin Sails.
The Japanese steamship America Maru Is
not expected here until the beginning of June,
having been detained in quarantine at Yoko
hama. She Is bringing an unusually large list
of passengers, among whom are a number of
British civil and military dignitaries from
India on their way home to attend King Ed
ward's coronation.
From India for Coronation.
tain Sllovlch lost a daughter Just a year ago,
and has now only one child left, a daughter
of 10.
BRITISH SHIP, WHICH AR
RIVED IN BALLAST YES
TERDAY FROM HONGKONG.
f
— In tho above exposition of tho tides
the early morning: Odea are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of to*
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights grlven are In
addition to the soundinss of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a "»ln^i^ ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
riven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun sets t-«»i
Moor. ri3e 3 '.*.'.'.'.'.»';»' p. S.
Diver Brings to Surface Last of Two Hundred Pieces
of Heavy Artillery Equipment That Went to Bottom of
the Harbor Off Point Bonita in the Storm of April 6
UNCLE SAM RECOVERS BATTERY CARS
FROM MUD OF DAVY JONES' LOCKER
TO S^LlI..
*J^ S P ALM^S— Arrived May 24— Stmr Ma
thilda, i from Tacoma, Callao, etc
HONGKONG — Arrived May 24— Stmr Ta
com ?T > mJ,% orn Tacom a. via Yokohama.
m NEW YORK— Arrived May 24— Stmr Meno
minee, from London: stmr Philadelphia, from
Southampton and Cherbourg
• Sailed May 24— Stmr Minneapolis, for Lon
don: stmr • Stendam, for Rotterdam, via Bol
logne; stmr Aller, for Naples and Genoa: stmr
Hawaiian, for San Francisco; stmr \AnJhorta?
tokShXt t tm l S am , Danla> for Liverpool.
Qt™?^ ? , AMA — Arrived prior to May 24—
fo?HS?ikSn« rOm - aim ' :Franci " co> Via Hon °l«l«.
j^ssr^s^^' May 24 - stmr B ° vic -
S CHFRBm y ip^ S 1 tm i Lucania; for New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived May 24— Stmr Kait
chu, from New York, .for Hamburg- stmr
Bt S n »^t (i: 0m o N ew York, for Bremen '
«SS f^Ne^o^ St PaU1 ' fr ° m South 
i^Z^Zr^z 1 May 24 - stmr ™«
fo?^ E Y-o^! led May 24 - Stmr
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 24— Stmr Ul
bo r t 1 h a> fr f o°m? ( re 0 r pool tmr f ° r NeW Y °^
toV^°Y^ iled May 2^- Stmr Minnehaha/
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SHIELDS— Arrived May 22— Nor bark Ida.
from Vancouver.
DUBLIN— Arrived May 23— Fr bark La
Tour d'Auverirne. hence Jan 8.
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived May 23— Br bark
Marion Fraser, hence Dec 31.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 24— Br «hlp
Ley land Brothers, hence Jan 9.
Sailed May 24— Br ship Cambrian Chieftain,
for ban . Francisco. •¦
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 24— Br ship Red
Rock, from. Victoria, i ¦
'PORT SAID— Arrived May 24— Br stmr
Richmond Castle, from Norfolk, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG— In port May 12— Br ship Rlv
erside,/-for Oregon.
Arrived May 23 — Fr bark Engenie Fautrel,
from Oreson. • -
HONGKONG — Sailed May .23 — Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN — Sailed May 23 — Ger stmr Ha
thor, for San Francisco/
Sailed May 20— Stmr Curacao, for San Fran
cisco. \*'-t
VALPARAISO— Sailed* May 23— Ger stmr
Numantia, for San Francisco. • -
NAN AIMO— Sailed . May 24 — Nor stmr Tlta
nia, for San Francisco. '
VENTURA— Arrived May 24— Stmr Pren
tlss, from Hueneme.
GRAYS HARBOR— AVrived May 24— Schr
Carrier Dove, from Vancouver. A
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived May 2#— Stmr
John S Kimball, hence May 20, for Seattle.
Sailed May 24— Br ship Scottish Hills, for
Melbourne. .
REDONDO— Arrived May' 24— Stmr Lakme,
hence May 22.
NEAH BAY— Passed In May 24— Stmr Uma
tilla, hence May 21, for Victoria; stmr J o
Kimball, hence May 20, for Seattle.
Passed out May 20 — Nor stmr Tellus. for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 24— Stmr Alliance,
hence May 17. . •• •
Sailed May 24— Stmr Geo WjElder and schr
Chas R Wilson, for San Francfeco; schr Mary
Dodge, for Mahukona,* Br stmr Ventnor. for
Port Arthur: Br stmr QOeen Mary, for Taku.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived May 24 — StmrJScotia,
from Eureka: stmr Melville Dollar, from Port
Los Angeles; schr J M Colman, from Olympia.
Sailed May 24 — Schr Maggie C Russ, for
Eureka: stmr Prentiss, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 24— Stmr Fulton,
hence May. 22. > . • •
Sailed May 24— Schrs Arctic, Marshfleld and
Pomona, for San Francisco. i •
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed May 24—
Stmr Ruth, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived May 24 — Schr Louise,
from San Pedro. , •
Sailed May 24 — Schr Falcon, for Coos, Bay.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed May 23— Stmr
Mandalay, for San Francisco. '
Arrived May 24 — Stmr Crescent City, hence
May 22.
TACOMA— Arrived May 24— Schr John A
Campbell, from Port Blakeley; Ger stmr Sera
pis, hence May 18.
SEATTLE — Sailed May 24 — Stmr Queen, for
San Francisco; stmr City of Seattle, for Skagr
way; Jap stmr Kinshui Maru, for Hongkong.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived May 23— Stmr
Meteor,- hence May 22.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 23— Stmr Se
quoia, hence May 23. '. ,
COOS BAY— Sailed May 24— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco. ¦ * . -
ISLAND PORT. • .
HONOLULU — To sail May 13 — Bark Alden
Besse, for San Francisco. May 15 — Stmr Eu
reka, for San Francisco, via Kahului. May
18— Stmr Calif ornlan. for New York, via Ka
hului.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT T.OBOS. May 24, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
May 21, lat 47 N. Ion 13 "W— Br ship Red
Rock, from Victoria for Liverpool.
April 28, lat 6 N, Ion 30 W — Br shin Scot
tish .Lochs, from Tacoma, . for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
Schr Albion. Larsen, » Coqullle River.
Schr Pearl, Soderholm, Unea- -- .
Schr Ida A, Campbell. Bodesa.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Baa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front .{Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places
SUNDAY, • MAY j 25.
Sun rises •"..'.... . ..'.....'....."... 4 : 51
Saturday, May ,24.
Stmr Santa . Cruz, NIcolson, San Pedro. •
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Ohio, Boggs, Seattle.
Stmr Navarro. Devitt. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendocino.
* U 8 «tmr Wisconsin. Reiter. Port Orchard.
Schr. S Danlelson, Larsen, Siuslaw River.
SAILED.
Saturday, May 24.
Stmr Ohio, Boggs, Seattle; Northern- Com
mercial Co. . ¦ ;¦¦-. ¦ ' '. .-.-•;;
~ Stmr Bonita. Nopander, San Pedro; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Whaling stmr Bonanza, Smith, whaling
cruise; H Liebes & Co.
Br shift Wavertree, Peterson, Port Eliza
beth; Balfour, • Guthrie i. & Co.
Bark Santiago, Entails, Hilo; J D Spreckels
& Bros Co. ' •
Bark Diamond Head, ' Peterson, Seattle; Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.
" Schr Barbara Hemster, Benedikston, Nome
and Golofnln Bay;. Williams, Dlmond & Co.
CLEARED.
Saturday, May 24: .
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 64 hours from
Grays Harbor. . . *
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlln, 39 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 34 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hlggrlns, 24& hours from
Eureka. • " .
Stmr Arco, Dunham, 25 t hours from •' Eel
River. - •- *— ¦
Stmr Grace Dollar, Hansen, 77 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Br shiD Leicester Castle, Feattle, 45 days
from Honskonff. * •
Schr Coqullle, Anderson, 3 days from Co
p,uille River.
¦Schr" Ivy, Samuelson, 3 days from Coos Bay.
Schr IJzzie Prien, Anderson, 3 days from
Coqullle River. - ! • _ /
. Schr Guide, Olsen, 3 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Annie M Campbell, Larsen, 6 days from
Olympia, . .
Schr Free Tiade, Ferguson, . 60 hours from
Rozue River.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The British ship Wavertree was cleared yes
terday for Port Elizabeth, South Africa, with
71,605 ctls wheat, valued at $89,500, and 42,000
feet lumber as dunnage, valued at $630.
Wheat for South Africa.
' The French bark Jacques i la chartered for
wheat from this port to Europe at 23s 9d and
the British ship Spekc wheat from Portland
to Cane Town at 27s 6d. The new schooner
Polaris will load lumber hero for Sallna Cruz.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Bed Bock Arrives.
The British ship Red Rock, which. has fig
ured on the reinsured list almost ever since
she left the Fraser River, arrived yesterday
at Falmouth.
The British ship Leicester Caetle, Captain
Peattie, arrived yesterday forty-four days from
Hongkong. She Is in ballast. Orders were re
ceived yesterday for her to proceed north,- but
she was in and anchored before they could be
given to the pilots. John Curttn, a boarding
house runner, fell overboard from the launch
Jennie C while alongside the Leicester Castle
and had a narrow escape from a dreadful
death. The tide carried him between two
smaller launches which were banging together
in tb/s swell. Curtln avoided a crushing by
diving, and when he came to the surface some
one grabbed and pulled him out of harm's
way. Curtin made up for his uncomfortable
experience by taking off two of the Castle's
crew. .
Arrives From Hongkong.
The wife of Captain John Bllovich of the
Epreckels tug Relief died yesterday at her late
residence. C4 Bhotwell street. Mrs. Bilovich
recently contracted a severe case of poison
oak. Erysipelas developed, and death came
after eeveral days of intense Buffering. Cap-
Mxs. John Silo-rich Dies.
These 200 pieces were parts of mortar
battery car* and weighed all the way
from a few pounds to fourteen tons.
They were shipped from the East and
represented a large outlay of good Gov
ernment money. Not only were they
valuable, but they were very necessary
to the completion of the fortlcation work
In the^neighborhood of Point Bonita. To
have duplicated them .would . have in
volved a long delay as well as a heavy
expenditure. Olsen did his work quickly
and thoroughly. The last piece, weighing
seven tons, was pulled to the surface yes
terday, and within a few weeks the re
covered hardware will have been installed
according to original intentions. v
April 6 'went to the bottom off
Point Bonita, In a storm. The scow con
taining the equipment, was completely
wrecked and at first it was thought that
the cargo was gone beyond redemption.
The services of Tom Olsen, a diver, were
secured and under his direction the 200
pieces that made up the cargo have been
recovered.
UNCLE SAM yesterday recovered
from the bottom of the bay the
last of a valuable cargo of heavy
artillery equipment that on
3. Twigs & Eons will on June 15 place lV.
the water a forty-seven-foot gasoline launch,
¦which la now almost completed. It is being
built according to "epeclal designs furnished
by Thomas Crowley. and will be the flagship
of the Crowley fleet. It will be equipped with
a fifty horsepower engine and hydraulic steer
ing gear. It will be the largest "launch on the
bay. Searchlight Is the name the new craft
will bear.
Big TjfiTrnrh. for Crowley.
O. Collier, a machinist, 65 years of age, and
living- on Jessie street, near Third, jumped from
the ferry steamer Bay City yesterday morning
with Bulcldal Intent. Captain Bradley stopped
the vessel, lowered a boat and frustrated Col
lier** intention by picking him up. He was
pumped dear of salt water at the Harbor Hos
pital and placed between hot blankets, where
he remained until the effects of the chock had
passed. Collier had filled his pockets with
pieces of iron pipe, but the density of the
water and the promptness of Captain Bradley
rendered the sinkers of no avail Collier was
formerly in good circumstances. Adversity and
ill-health, he eays, were responsible for his
desire for death.
Weights Did Mot Work.
The British eh!p Garnet Hill has been towed
to Martinez, where she will lay up to await
the new grain crop.
Hind, Rolph & Co.'s new schooner Maka
weli •will leave Tuesday in tow of the Defiance
for Eureka, where BhS^will load lumber for
Australia.
The Eteamship Ohio sailed yesterday for
Seattle and Cape Nome. She carried more than
100 passengers.
The new Eteam schooner Albion. River has
been equipped with oil furnaces.
The British ship Wavertree will sail to-day
for Port Elizabeth.
The steamship Xewsboy for Golofnln Bay
will not get away until noon to-morrow.
Water Front Notes.
THE SAN FBANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1902.
26
Steamer.-
From.
Due.
llandalay. ... Coqullle River ..". May 25
Santa Monica Humboldt May 25
Arctic Humboldt May 25
Pomona Humboldt ..." May 25
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria May 25
Edith Seattle May 26
G Llndauer. GrajM Harbor May 20
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May 28
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. May 26
S. Barbara... Seattle May 27
Eureka Humboldt ¦-. May £7
Newburg...; Gray3 Harbor May 27
Alnmcda..... Honolulu \ May 27
Curacao Mexican Ports : May 27
.Quten Puiret Sound Ports .... May 27
Wyefield Nanalmo May 27
Crescent City Crescent City May 27
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports May 27
Phoenix Mendocino May 27
M. Collar.... Redondo May !S
Albion River. Albton May 28
NerthiFork.. Humboldt V..... May 28
Hathor :. Hamburg & "Way Ports. May 28
Titania Nanalmo May 28
Sequoia WlUapa Harbor ." May 29
Point Arena.. Point Arena May 29
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 29
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May 30
Pomona Humboldt May 30
Pleiades Seattle „ May 30
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. May 30
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan May 30
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... May 30
Chehalls Grays Harbor May 30
Eonita Newport & Way Ports. May 31
American.... New York June 1
Acme... Siuslaw River June 1
Australia Tahiti V June .1
Uir&tUla Pujcet Sound Pcrts June 1
Serapls Seattle June 1
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2
Palena. Valparaiso &'Way Ports June 3
Peking China & Japan Juno 4
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... June 4
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
J. S. Klmball
K.vcelslor....
Discovery....
Uirlgo.......
E. Thompson.
Centennial. . .
Dolphin......
Cottage City.
Senator
Garrone.
Koanoke
Nome direct . .......... May 25
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 26
Golof nln Bay direct. . : : May -26
Skarway ¦& Way Torts, May 27
Nome & St. Michael..: May 27
Nome direct ...:•..•..... May 20
Skagway & Way Ports. May 29
Skanway & Way Ports. May 30
Nome June 1
Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Nome & St." Michael .... Juno 1
Steamer.
I
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
Albion Rlv.
Acnu*.
Santa Rosa
C Nelson..
Olympic...
Netvsboy...
Argo
Rival......
Bonlta. . .
City Puebla
Valencia. . .
Pomona....
Rainier. . . .
Coptic
Phoenix.*...
Arccta
Mnndalay..
Arctic
G. Dollar. .
Coronado..
City Para. .
G. Elder...
May 25. |
Albion direct ... ...f 5 pm Pier 2
Eiuslaw River . . , . 3 pm Pier 2
San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 26.
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
Whateom & Falrhvn 5 pm Pier 2
Nome via , Golofuln 12 m Pier IB
Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
"Willapa Harbor ... 3 pm Pier 2
Newport & "Way... 9 am Pier 11
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 27.
Nome via Seattle. . 11 am Pl<»r 9
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Seattle & Whatcom. S pm Pier 2
China & Japan..... 1 pmPMSS
May 28.
Mendocino City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Coqullle River .... 2 pm Pier 2
Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor ..... 10 am Pier 2
Panama & Way... 12 m PMS3
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
May 292 :
Humboldt . ..i.'. ... 9 am Pier IS
San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 3O.
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 31.
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Puget Sound- Forts. 11 am Pier 9
Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
June 1.
San Diego & Way.'. 9 am Pier 11
Nome via Golofnln. ...... Pier
Portland & Way Pier
June 2.
Grays Harbor ...;. 4 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
¦_•¦ . Jane II.
Nome & St. Michael .../.. Pier
Kureka
State Cal. .
Coos Bay. .
Pt. Arena. .
North Fork
Alameda...
Queen
Sequoia....
Santa Rosa
C. Nelson..
Alliance...
Chehalls...
Columbia..
St. Paul...
°_ H W L, W H W I. W
25. 0:16 4.8 7:24 0.1 2:58 4.4 7:09 30
26 0:45 4.7 8:00 O.3 3:39 4.4 8:04 3*O
27 1:20 4.5 8:38 0.5 4:17 4.5 »:09 3 1
28 2:09 4.2 9:211 0.8 4:86 4.7 10:20 3.3
20 3:15 3.9 10:111 1.1 6:35 4.9 11:29 2 8
SO 4:40 3.711:081 1.4 5:15 6.0
L. "W HW Z. V? HTV
31 0:30 2.3 6:131 8.7 12:03 1.8 6:51 Bl
1 \ 1:20 7.7| 7:33| 3.9 12:54 E.I 7:31 5.3
°_ H W L, W H W I. W
25. 0:16 4.8 7:24 0.1 2:58 4.4 7:09 30
26 0:45 4.7 8:00 O.3 3:39 4.4 8:04 3*O
27 1:20 4.5 8:38 0.5 4:17 4.5 »:09 3 1
28 2:09 4.2 9:211 0.8 4:86 4.7 10:20 3.3
20 3:15 3.9 10:111 1.1 6:35 4.9 11:29 2 8
SO 4:40 3.711:081 1.4 5:15 6.0
L. "W HW Z. V? HTV
31 0:30 2.3 6:131 8.7 12:03 1.8 6:51 Bl
1 \ 1:20 7.7| 7:33| 3.9 12:54 E.I 7:31 5.3
Steamer.-
From.
Due.
llandalay. ... Coqullle River ..". May 25
Santa Monica Humboldt May 25
Arctic Humboldt May 25
Pomona Humboldt ..." May 25
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria May 25
Edith Seattle May 26
G Llndauer. GrajM Harbor May 20
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May 28
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. May 26
S. Barbara... Seattle May 27
Eureka Humboldt ¦-. May £7
Newburg...; Gray3 Harbor May 27
Alnmcda..... Honolulu \ May 27
Curacao Mexican Ports : May 27
.Quten Puiret Sound Ports .... May 27
Wyefield Nanalmo May 27
Crescent City Crescent City May 27
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports May 27
Phoenix Mendocino May 27
M. Collar.... Redondo May !S
Albion River. Albton May 28
NerthiFork.. Humboldt V..... May 28
Hathor :. Hamburg & "Way Ports. May 28
Titania Nanalmo May 28
Sequoia WlUapa Harbor ." May 29
Point Arena.. Point Arena May 29
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 29
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May 30
Pomona Humboldt May 30
Pleiades Seattle „ May 30
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. May 30
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan May 30
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... May 30
Chehalls Grays Harbor May 30
Eonita Newport & Way Ports. May 31
American.... New York June 1
Acme... Siuslaw River June 1
Australia Tahiti V June .1
Uir&tUla Pujcet Sound Pcrts June 1
Serapls Seattle June 1
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2
Palena. Valparaiso &'Way Ports June 3
Peking China & Japan Juno 4
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... June 4
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
J. S. Klmball
K.vcelslor....
Discovery....
Uirlgo.......
E. Thompson.
Centennial. . .
Dolphin......
Cottage City.
Senator
Garrone.
Koanoke
Nome direct . .......... May 25
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 26
Golof nln Bay direct. . : : May -26
Skarway ¦& Way Torts, May 27
Nome & St. Michael..: May 27
Nome direct ...:•..•..... May 20
Skagway & Way Ports. May 29
Skanway & Way Ports. May 30
Nome June 1
Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Nome & St." Michael .... Juno 1
Steamer.
I
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
Albion Rlv.
Acnu*.
Santa Rosa
C Nelson..
Olympic...
Netvsboy...
Argo
Rival......
Bonlta. . .
City Puebla
Valencia. . .
Pomona....
Rainier. . . .
Coptic
Phoenix.*...
Arccta
Mnndalay..
Arctic
G. Dollar. .
Coronado..
City Para. .
G. Elder...
May 25. |
Albion direct ... ...f 5 pm Pier 2
Eiuslaw River . . , . 3 pm Pier 2
San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 26.
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
Whateom & Falrhvn 5 pm Pier 2
Nome via , Golofuln 12 m Pier IB
Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
"Willapa Harbor ... 3 pm Pier 2
Newport & "Way... 9 am Pier 11
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 27.
Nome via Seattle. . 11 am Pl<»r 9
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Seattle & Whatcom. S pm Pier 2
China & Japan..... 1 pmPMSS
May 28.
Mendocino City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Coqullle River .... 2 pm Pier 2
Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor ..... 10 am Pier 2
Panama & Way... 12 m PMS3
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
May 292 :
Humboldt . ..i.'. ... 9 am Pier IS
San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 3O.
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 31.
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Puget Sound- Forts. 11 am Pier 9
Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
June 1.
San Diego & Way.'. 9 am Pier 11
Nome via Golofnln. ...... Pier
Portland & Way Pier
June 2.
Grays Harbor ...;. 4 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
¦_•¦ . Jane II.
Nome & St. Michael .../.. Pier
Kureka
State Cal. .
Coos Bay. .
Pt. Arena. .
North Fork
Alameda...
Queen
Sequoia....
Santa Rosa
C. Nelson..
Alliance...
Chehalls...
Columbia..
St. Paul...
§ DR^ GOODS COMPANY.
I Colored Dress Goods
i STERLING VALUES IN THIS
8 SEASON'S MOST POPULAD . -
I NEW SUMMER WEAVES
I ALL-WOOL FRENCH CHALUES.
3 A fresh shipment of this dainty summer material showing its 50c
g peculiar artistic designs and colorings <a yard)
I ° SUIT PATTERNS.
S ALL-WOOL CREPE DE CHINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH VEILING
» —16 specially attract- ccjc Splendid wearlnsfabric en nn
g Ive shades (sulti +D.CJ In an shades .JTM/u
« SILK AND WOOL CRYSTAL FANCY BORDERED DRESS
iS CREPE— A stylish and *7 en — novel ma : en en
iOt attractive novelty •pt.JVJ terial for summer wear •P»£» J l/
s o • o
I SILK AND WOOL CREPE DIRECTOIRE.
;-; NOTE— All the remaining suits in this most stylish and season-
o able material in cadets, tans, grays, resedas and browns— (worth
i3 S1O.5O a suit) will be closed out at
§ $6.00 a Suit
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS ' COMPANY
o • Geary and Stoctton Streets, Union Square.
/\N ANNUAL EVENT.^
...SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE...
"AT SLOANE'S."
GREAT REDUCTIONS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT.
; LAST WEEK OF SALE.
CABPETS... -^te
. BEST QUALITY TAPESTRY BRUSSELS—
h Regular price. $1.00 per yard
R-ducei-o 75c per yard
HIGHEST GRADE BODY. BRUSSELS—
_ Regu.ar price Si. 25 and $1.50 per yard
Reduced t<\. . S1.12 T A *ni SB 1.25 per yard
HIGH PILE AXMINSTERS- LARGE LINE—
~n Re;duceJ o S1.00 per yard
SEWED— LINED— LAID.
T\TJ/T*C*
HIGHEST GRADE WILTON-
Size 9^12. Rcgu.arly v O ld at each
During «=ale ..&32.5O each
IMPERIAL SMYRNA— H
Size 9x12. Regula.ly sold at $35.00 each
D irin? sae &28.5O each
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS-
Size 8.3x12. Regulariv sold at $15.00 each
During sale ....; ..... 2B12.OO each
CARPET REMNANTS...
Fnm \% yard to 10-yard lengths. To close at HA LF f*RICE.
LINOLEUM REMNANTS...
For covering Closets, Pass Pantries and Small Kitchens.
Reduced ONE- HA Lf* regular valne. x \
Bring measurements.
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT...
HAND-MADE IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS—
Excellent value at $5-5operpalr
Reduced to S4 OO Dirpair
ANOTHER LEADER- •
£V---Y $7-75 Per pair
Reduce f to.. «sa nn pe r oalr
MUSLIN BEDROOM CURTAINS— ">
S.^ 5 ™^ r. Excellent value at $5.50 per pair
PATT ERNS. Reduced t 0 «o SO Ser pair
SPECIALLY HIGH CLASS CURTAINS- * PP
Regularly sold at I4. 65 per pair
Reduced to &3.SO per pair
PORTJERES... '¦¦;-¦.
50 pairs. Regularly sold at $7.50 per pair
50 pa... gSfcat v.v.v.v - v.v.v.v.v:.* Jll SS ?|
FURNITURE DEPARTMENT. * 3 ' 7S f s **
The product of the highest class factories in the country. '
Well made and highly finished.
. At reductions of 25 per cent to 40 per cent from Regular Prices.
A comparison of stock and values earnestly solicited before
purchasing.
W. &~J. SLOAN E & CO.
CARPETS— FUaNtTUaE— UPHOLSTERY
114, 116, 118, 120, 122 Post Street
SA N 1?RA NCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Enormous Gain in ImportatloflB
;' : 'v durin^OOl of
1VIOCI/ o(!
Champagne
Over a Quarter of a Million
Or, more accurately, an ' Increase of 252,482
bottles over the year 1900, equal to mar*
than 100 per cent of the combined increase
of all the other Champagne houses. — Ex-
tract from Bonforfs Wine and . Spirit
Circular, fanuary io, 1902.
Gkaftdtiri}
"WHlT£ f SEAfe"and BRUTilMPEltfAi
Of the celebrated vintage of 1893. Pro*
nounced by tha Bon-Vivant and Coanoissear
the Acme of Perfection. Dry, Delicate, De-
licious.
¦ WILLIAM WOLFF.* CO.
216-218 Mission SU S.F.' Pacific Coast Agents
. • ... ¦
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
MUSEUM OF ANSTOHy!
9 W& 10 SlVlSSZTSS.tet.6^«7>h,S.7.Cal.i
A wlilrf L^ eS £ An»t«nie»l Museum in the \
t i*&lk DR# J0SDA "-DI3EASES OF NEN A
A IV&yB T,^?r ltition free Ind iai <*7 l» riT »«e- \
¥ " a IT m *»'? T J%£' *¦»«••¦•*«» •» 1
A A it Suable book for ntu)^ »««* I*T
Radways
- 1 Pills
Purely Vegetable, mild and reliable. Causei
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity..
For the cure of all disorders of th« Stomach.
Uver; Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female* Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness.- Con-
stipation. 'Piles and all derangements of tha
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by mail. BAD WAT & CO.. Ne"W Tork.
SENT FREE; JO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men. '
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to AH Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka'
bio remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had batl
tied for years against the mental and
physical sufferings of lost ¦ manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute fre«
trial packages to all who write, it i,i a
home treatment and airmen who suf-
fer from anyjforrn-of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak tack
varicocele > or emaciation . of parts can
now cure themselves , at . home. .. "
Tho remedy has a peculiarly "grateful
effect of warmth and • seems to act di
rect to the desired location, givinV
strength- and development just where it
Is needed. It cures. all the ills and tiou
bles that come from years' of misuse of
the natural functions and-has been an
absolute 'success In all cases, a request
to the State Medical Institute, 328 Eiek
iron building, Fort Wayne, Ind., silt
Ing that you desire one of- their free trial
packages, will' be complied with prornnt
ly. The institute is desirous- of reachine
that great class of men who are un
able to leave home to be treated and
the free samples will enable them to see
how - .easy .it Is: to ,be- cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed in a i/aln
package, so that its recipient need have
no fear of ,- embarrassment or publicity
Readers : are requested to write without
delay., ; ..-_ .-. ¦-, ; , - : . - ¦ ,
ADVEETISEMENT3.
ADVEETJSEMENTS.
¦BBHEHBBBBBHDBBBBlHBBBBBHBBBBBEBBaDBBBBBBBD
HSf Rllffi \\M/ I
v<=^j UUIO \^vHvU7 i
ar,S'll 4 ;,Z2%J£- T l Si v; broken <* ow * fr °m dissipation, hard work or worry, from 5
fSLl P »ch has sapped his vitality. • Let him follow my -advice for S
of his *£?£ 6 Wmas vigorous la every respect as any man ¦
K,r iJJ^L 11 ? 1 E romIse t0 n 1 / 1 "* a Hercules of a man who. was never intended- ¦
by nature to be Etrong and sturdy. Even that man I can make better thin I
maK S^^yS"!^^ * tTOnS "* h ** l0St ** Strength l can •¦
hv+IJL** 1 elve back to any man what he has lost bv violation of the laws of !
" 3 1 uT€. -. . Hi \
«,^.^i^ "^b» is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly. ¦
asgff sSrirBStuSfiS. 4116 asami eiectricity wmch the Dr -i^ s
¦. e ,^* hol « t orce of vitality In your body is dependent upon your animal 5
B^ISF^^Zl^XreX^ 5 the SyStem ID any manner my 5
h. ly^^^^^VlJ^ Angeles. Cal.. writes March 7th: "I am more than pleased to £
™£2iS?,£}J^ th . a ! after wearin K your belt but one month I was completely cured ¦
e i le t a f ttraceof my .old trouble remaining, and It is my opinion that ¦
S? t^m^?o «S, 8r^i eS Vi medy extant - 1 "^re you that It will be a great pleas- B
ure to me to recommend the belt whenever I can. for it has saved my health." n
m^Jf t^J^^ t 5f t * tel Ji. a * tory w \t lch m« a ns a.great deal .to a sufferer. They I
do*ctorS C °I gefsu^h^ttfrf eSfe S^y. dlscour^ ed *™ *>**£ \
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves It braces "
—I Se^n e \^ec?A^^dy^liI n^ S^^ST^^Z S
rCPreSent g t0 »*.«* J WlU Lcommend It' to |
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles J 9
i^hVt, i 9 1 SSS nd " S ni, PaIns « ln ms shoul ders. chest and sides, ffit lcl ?n H
%• rf?'«f'iif^iS'n 16 " 111^ 11811^ ?" or pain, and my Belt will poi? ¦
the oil or life Into his aching- body and drive out everv Klirn nf «.i« T^i ¦
pain can exist where my Belt is worn!/ every sign of pain. No jg
J. F. Grisby. Columbia, Cal., writes March 23 19ff>- "In rerarrt .„ _v , ri
Belt has done for me. I am glad to be able to^ll you lilt It has completely cure/mv H
bark and other troubles for which I procured it. I besan to fe* bVtter befort T h^H m
"Z™* U, t^V£ ekB :, and , noW feel » ke * «e^ man. I have been telun" all my friend S
what the belt has done for me. You may use this testimonial uttir irT «- i. M H
you wish, for I am glad to recommend the treatment to "£? 'one to nWd ot ft - manner ¦
They come every day from everywhere. There Is not a town or hnmi-t ¦
In the \country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlln's ElecT?lc Bel^ H
J^ B a^^ 00 * f0 , r women as for men. Worn whlll you sltep It causes no C
trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from inconstantly but no- 5
6tlng, no burning, as in old-style belts. ¦ Dut no I
Call to-day, or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes
to read If he wants to be a strong man. I send It sealed, free, If youlnclose i
P A TTTTflTJ B f *m r * O tF} cdl t? 1 c ?» ccr n« of f*lna "Electric Belts Free" or for S
LAUilUH. c 0 .n;TSpo^ou°C f S:D !S W^e\1> t ro l e^or 0 oJ 0 e^ S
Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, 9O6 .gi l R gEetK BBT -: I
Office Hours— € a. m. to 8:30 p. m. . Sundays, 10 to 1. n
NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES OR AGENTS. fa
aBBBS3BnBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBHBBBBflBBBBBflBBBBBBS
"HEflu The sick"
THE OXYGENOR KING
Is the greatest boon to mankind ever dis-
covered. It stands 'WITHOUT A RIVAL
as a curative agent,: and- possesses, com-
plete mastery over ALL. CURABLE dis-
eases .without the use of nauseous or poi-
sonous drugs. • Free catalogue and infor-
mation at our office.: It cures with the
OXYGEN of the air. If any of your
family are; sick Investigate this: AT
ONCE. California -Oxygenor Co.. 214 Cal-
laghan Building. Office hours lfl to 3. •
BARRY,, 111., Sept. 9, 1899. '
E I have used the Oxygenor King for four
years; and consider It a" very valuable
remedy for many diseases. I would not
be without one in my family. ¦
:' " / V (Rev.) J. L. BENNETT.
AGENTS ; WANTED. 'ST. LOUIS,' May. 24.— The plant of the
Mitchell Clay Mnnnf a c taring Company anii the
f<»ed store of H. W*. Beck & Son were destroyed
by : fire I to-day, t causing.-- a • loss of - more than
Mr. Brosiua was 65 years -of age. He
came to America when a young man. Sa.n
Jose I had ) been his home for more than
twenty ' years. : A : wife and six children
survive him: . He was a big-hearted gen
tleman and had many friends. • w ,
SAN JOSE.'JMay 24.— Henry C. Brosiua.'
a. pioneer ;bookbinder of this . city, died
this morning after a, lingering illnees. For
a year he. has been awaiting death,' which
physicians . stated was certain ' to | result
from : an" accident - ho had met with. Two
years ago he visited . Germany, the land
of his, birth. One day. while riding on a
hay wagon he- slipped, and r fell - to the
ground. , One.of his- ribs was broken and
physicians say the fractured bone Injured
the heart to the extent that aortic anuer
ism. developed. •. -The best of medical ser
vice was of no avail. . ' " - \
Succumbs . to the - Effects of aa Acci-
dent of. Two Years k Ago."
HENRY C. BROSIUS DEAD.
> STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 24.-
Rca Everett Smith '99 and Jean Jacques
Van Kaathoven '00. two Stanford gradu
ates of the physiology department, have
achieved signal honors In the University
of Pennsylvania medical s'hool. In a
class ot more than 200 Smith graduated
with first honors and Van Kaathoven with
second.
Stanford Men Win Honors.
in the Invasions by Chinese hordes in the
past.
Kearney denounced the methods of the
State officials as corrupt from beginning
to <nd. He said he had refused $350,000
to defeat the, new constitution. Kearney
said if the people, of the State had any
gratitude, they would offer him any posi
tion in their gift, but he wanted no of
fice. He advised laboring people to vote
for legislative amendment No. 28 .when
it comes up next fall, as it regulates pub-
He utilities. Kearney said he intended to
speak at intervals from now on and in
tended to go on the statre.
Oats for British War Horses.
PORTLAND. Or., May 24.— The British
steamship Osk* Hall, a 6000-ton carrier,
sailed to-day from Coronel for Portland
under charter -to -load- 300,000 bushes of
oats for the British Government in South
Africa. This will- be not only the largest
cargo of oats ever put afloat at a Pacific
Coast port, but the first full cargo ever
shipped from an American port on tbe
Pacific for South Africa.
EUGENE, Or., May 24.— The control of
the immense tract of land of the Oregon
Central Military Wagon Road Company
changed hands to-day, the property being
purchased 'by the principal stockholders
of the Booth-Kelly Lumber Company. The
Krant embraces more than 1,000,000 acres.
Much of it is covered by heavy timber of
fine quality. It is said that this transac
tion is a step in the progress of the pro
posed railroad from Salt Lake to this
coast along the Oregon Central route.
Buys Million Acres of Land .
FIVE HUNDRED
NEW LODGEMEN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. May 24.-The Wood
men of the World owned Sacramento to-
Capital City Woodmen
Initiate a Big-
Class..-
night The order is very strong in this
city and was given the additional
strength of 500 new members, who wera
initiated to-night. More than 2000 visit
ing members came to the city to-day antl
were met at the station by the commit
tee of entertainment and a brass band.
In the procession to-night, in which
were four bands, the Woodmen marchci
four abreast and the line was a nil!')
and a half In length. While the Wood
men were marching the streets were
ablaze with rockets and red fire. Great
crowds lined the sidewalks to witness the
parade.
Belgian Steamer Wrecked.
AXIM. Guinea Coast. Africa, May 24.—
The Belgian steamer Stanleyville, from
Antwerp about May S for the Congo,
has run on the Hoeven Rock off the Gold
Coast, and Is a total wreck. Her sixty
passengers, mostly from Antwerp, and
her crew were taken off by the steamer
Sobo. . - -
Obviously one cannot reply to mere vitupera
tion, and I now give up* the attempt to obtain
a clear statement of the cause of my dismissal.
I have Bfmply to say that the tone and sub
stance cf your letter do not In the least cor
respond with our previous 'conversations, with
various letters. to me of which you doubtless
have copies I and which I therefore need not
quote, or with statements reported to me by
polleagues and others as having: been quite re
cently made by you to them. It is true that
you once made criticisms of the work of- my
department in which you would not be sup
ported by any Latinist in America,' and which
you subsequently withdrew with the explana-
STYLES IT VITUPERATION.
"It is now optional with you either to ten
der your resignation to take effect at the end
of the current academic year, or • to accept
this letter as a final dismissal from the uni
versity to take effect on July 31. 1002. Very
truly yours. ¦ .
"DAVID S. JORDAN. President."
"I have been thus explicit with great re
luctance, because I had hoped that the matter
might be adjusted by your withdrawal with
out the necessity for the use of this unpleas
antly plain language.
"While I have not been favorably Impressed
with your Ideals of departmental success, I
should probably not have brought this matter
to a final l?sue on this ground alone.
"No better illustration of the ground of these
objections can be eiven than is shown by your
recent attempts to appeal from the appointing
power, with which reets also the power of
removal, to others whose relation. If any, is
advisory only, and who are in no position to be
judicially cognisant of the facts in a case
of this kind.
"I have stated that in . my judgment the
Interests of the university demand a reorgani
zation of the department of Latin. The strong
est reaeon for this belief is that your person
ality Is such that I, as executive officer of the
university, cannot get along with you. I havo
found an Intense selfishness controlling all
your relation* and I ha\-« been constantly
aware of efforts to accomplish results by in
direction and lntrlgrue. Your department has
been repeatedly torn by dissensions for which
you have been largely to blame. I cannot re-'
tain a professor, however able, if I cannot
respect his character; nor will I be responsible
ifor any man whom I cannot personally trust.
"Professor E- M. Pease. Stanford Univer
sity. — Dear Sir: Referring to. your request of
April 22 that I should assign explicit reasons
for my request for your resignation, permit
me to add to my letter of the same date the
following :
"Office of Hie President.
"STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 13. 1902.
covered after so long a time, or -because I
did not your policy last year. -As a
result of all thepe Instrumentalities you- write
me as follows: • <
PROFESSOR E. II. PEASE,
WHO HAS BEEN DISMISSED
FROM STANFORD.
DENIS KEARNEY TALKS
TO A STREET GATHERING
Former Sand. Lot Orator Announces
Himself as a Champion of the
Cause of Labor.
SAN JOSE, May 24.— Denis Kearney,
after an absence from tbe stump for
nearly fifteen years, addressed a large
j crowd of worklngmen at the corner of
Market and Santa Clara streets to-night.
Kearney announced that ho intended to
take up the light where he dropped it on
the sand lot years ago. and would cham
pion the cause of organized labor. The
•sand lot speeches, he declared, had be,en
I the cause of the hijjh condition which
! organized labor had readied. He con-
I demned bosses 'and bossism. and said labor
had intelligence enough to direct itself.
The laboring people should not be led bv
politicians, but should retain their individ"
uality in politics. Through bossism the
same dangers might menace them as lay
I STANFORD UNIVERSITT, May 2-T 1902
President David S. Jordan. Stanford Univer- !
¦*W CaL — D * ar Slr: Acknowledging yours
or May 13 dismissing me from the faculty of
tbn university to which I have given eleven of
the btst years of rry life. I have to eay that
Fir.ce I haw known that you had decided upon
that course I have regarded it as a dutv due to '
my piof.ssion to obtain. If it could be'done, a
plain statement of the reasons for my dis
r-iisFal. This is the moral rijrht of a professor
who ha« boers the head of an important depart
ment for «a many years, especially In \1ew of
your a-n statement in a circular letter to
members of the faculty that appointments In
tno university "are far life unless connection
vltn the 'jniversltp' is severed, by resignation,
recrement or- Wmovair"" rr my "dlsKilgRal Is
*5ue to lark of scholarship, of ability as a
tracher made manifest by a "trial of eleven
years, it is desirable for the university at this
particular juncture, however unfortunate for
me. that that fact should plainly appear. If,
on the contrary, as I know that some believe,
my removal is due to your determination to
roo^ out of the faculty every man "who did
not," as you expressed it to one of my col
leaeues in referring to me. "stand by us in
our troubles of last year." then that fact,
too. should be made plain in order that others
who may be apked to come here may know to
¦what hind of a place they are invited.
In this matter I dli not act wholly on my
own Judgment., but upon that of many whose
advic* I asked, and whose opinion, in sub
.ptance. Is expressed in the following extract
from a letter addressed to me by a distin
guished Latinift in one of the greatest Ameri
can universities:
"It certainly I? not in the interests of the
university that th» president should be. per
mitt«l_Jx> thus indulge his personal prejudice.
In your C5>s<» I should not resign, but shoul-i
court inquiry and a fair hearing, and I be-
U«V« in this matter 1 voico the sentiment of
your fellow-teachers throughout the country.
The credit of Inland Stanford hs* already suf
fered severely throughout the country by the
arbitrary action of Its president."
With this object in view. It is true that,
as you Intimate in your letter to which thin
is a reply. I have sought through some of the
trustees, and by all other m^ans in my power,
to bring the matter to such a clearly stated
Issue that all concerned may Judge whether I
'¦ am dlemissed for personal deficiencies <21s-
PEASE IS INSISTENT.
Office of the President.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 29, 1902.
Professor E. M. Pease. Stanford University —
Dear Sir: For reasons which must be manifest
to you from our previous Interviews and cor
respondence on the subject la the past four
years. It seems to me necessary that I should
row effect a reorganization of the department
of Latin. I therefore ask your resignation of
the chair of Latin, to take effect at the end
of the present academic .year. Very truly
yours, DAVID t?. JORDAN, President.
STANFORD UNIVERSITT, April 23, 1302.
PresMent David S. Jordan. Mariford Univer
s-ity, Cal. — Dear Sir: I wish to acknowledge
the receipt of your letter of March 29 asking
for my resignation of the chair of Latin.
After a service of more than ten years it
seems to me but fair, and m accordance with
professional courtesy, that I should be given
the reasons' which have led you to make this
request. I therefore would respectfully ask
for a definite statement of. these reasons. Very
truly yours. ¦ . E. Mi PEASE.
Office, of the President.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 22. 1002.
Professor B. M. Pease, Stanford University-
Dear Sir: In response to your note of April 23,
permit m« to say:
All phases of the matter, in question have
been discussed between us in the past four
years. I must therefore decline to give further
formal roasons for my action, other than to
repeat that I . am convinced that the interests
of the university Tviil be served by a reorgani
zation of the department of Latin. Very truly
jours. DAVID S. JORDAN. President.
FIBST EXCHANGE OF NOTES.
to resign his chair or consider
himself dismissed from the univer
sity. Professor Pease has held the chair
In Latin since the founding of the \xn\^
versity, but for the past four years his
relations with the president have been
anything but friendly and his dismissal
was not unexpected. He is much es
teemed by his students, who deeply regret
that euch a. course as that adopted by
President Jordan has become necessary.
Professor Pease is a graduate of the
University of Colorado, where he took his
master's degree in 1885. Before accepting
his present position at Stanford he was
an instructor in Latin at Smith College
and professor of Latin at Bowdoin Col
lege, and he ranks as one of the leading
classical scholars of the country. He was
ajv ardent sympathizer with Professors
Ross and Howard when their dismissal
j was found necessary last year. The re
lations between Professor Pease and some
of the other members of the Latin de
partment have been strained, and thi3
seems to have influenced President Jor
dan in a measure to take his present ac
tion.
The correspondence that has passed be
tween President' -Jordan - and ¦ Professor
Pease in regard to the dismissal is here
given:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May
24— Professor E. M. Pease, head
of the department of Latin, has
been asked by President Jordan
Army orders announce that First Lieu
tenant Christopher C. Collins assistant
surgeon. Is to go from the general hos
pital. Presidio, to the Philippines on the
arrival at that hospital of First Lieuten
ant Theodore C. Lyster. assistant-sur
geon. Colonel Peter D. Vroom. Inspector
general from, Governors Island, New
York, is ordered to proceed to San Fran
cisco as inspector general of the Depart
ment of :.CaIifbrnia, "relieving -Lieutnant
Colonel John 'L. Chamberlain, ordered to
duty as inspector general of the Depart
ment, of the, South Philippines.' Contract
Surgeon Georgo'B.' Jones is ordered from
the Department of California to. the Phil
ippines. .' '; -.-¦,. "
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—Samuel O'Brien, Visalia, $6:
Ross Cunningham. Sawtelle, $G. Increase
— Charles Leonhardt, San Francisco, #10;
George W. Rowe,* Los Angeles. $10; Nel
son A. Larnard, Los Angeles, $10; Leon
ard B. Pratt, Elsinore. $14; William Sell.
Ontario, $8; Charles H. Wade, Milpltas,
$8; Marcus S. Plant, Los Angeles, $12.
Mexican War— William H. Funtleroy,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12. ,
Oregon — Increase — William H. . Haraerf,
Portland. $10; William Snow, Park Place,
$17: James Savage. Galice. $12.
Washington— Increase — Joseph W. Pome
roy, Redmond, S12; AdamS. Christman,
Burton, 18.
"WASHINGTON, May 24— The Postofecc
Department to-day announced: Postofllca
established: Washington— Norwalk, Che
halis County, Robert Y. Wright Postmas
ter. Postmasters appointed: Washington—
W. H. Colbert, Dragoon, Spokane County,
vice W. T. Guyer, resigned : C P. Klm
ball. Bremerton, Kitsap County, vice Y.
J. Acton, removed.
and Store New Pensions
Granted. >yN
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACITIC COAST
As to the views of Eastern professors. It can
only be said that these gentlemen have de
rived their Information through Professor
Pease. DAVID STARR JORDAN. President.
This statement, with the reasons given
in his letters to Professor Peaae, shows
clearly the stand taken by President Jor
dan.
The removal of Professor Pease was under
consideration in 1806.- or earlier, and his resig
nation was first asked for on December 18,
1S97,. long before the culmination of the Rose
episode.
President Jordan when Interviewed In
regard to Professor Pease's dismissal and
the reasons for it gave out the following
signed statement: • • . . n .
For myself I accept my dismissal as an act
of arbitrary power, and I do so protesting that
the reasons offered were conceived to meet a
certain emergency, and that they never even
in your mind had a concrete basis. Very truly
yours, E. M. PEASE.
The original of those letters can be seen
upon any occasion grave enough to warrant
the Introduction of the writers into the out
spoken criticisms of this university. 1 1 have
withheld some for their Anglo-Saxon plain
ness of speech. The contest which I have been
making Is largely at the instigation of Ameri
can scholars and for the dignity of American
scholarship. \ I regret that I have failed to
bring Into plainer view the real issues In
volved. ¦ ..
ACCEPTS HIS DISMISSAL.
. "It Is a pity that Mrs. Stanford's great gift
should be so mismanaged. Is there no way of
showing her that such methods react immedi
ately upon the good name of the university?"
"If this sort of thing is to be done, we must
tell them (the young men who are thinking of
Making university teaching . their profession)
that men with brains and consciences had bet
ter go into anything else In preference, and
leave university professorships to those who
are born to be time servers, and who will oc
cupy themselves, not m manly work In the line
of their ideals, but In. trying to. find out what
the- president- wants. President Jordan has
dealt a severe blow at, university life In this
country In general."
"Jordan will probably. demand your resigna
tion In writing: but he will assign false rea
sons—reasons which he conceives will put you
to a disadvantage, if yon make them public.
He did this in a case last year — one that I
may not mention more specifically."
"Surely the annals of the universities in this
country can show no case of euch flagrant vio
lation of the principles of justice and. probity
as this.". • • . ¦ , ¦¦¦¦<.,.. ¦ .
"Every university man feels that you are
fighting his battle as well as your own."
'••"If scholars are men of spirit and Indepen
dence of mind, they will surely hesitate to In
trust their careers to an institution In which a
request for a resignation can come for reasons
sn ill-defined as seem to be those alleged: in
your case."
"Acquiescence In the attitude of your uni
versity must lead in the long run (and not so
very long, either) to a distinct deterioration in
the. grade of men who will submit themselves
t.) a" career so precarious." ¦ t
. "I had hoped thafthe odium which the action,
of President Jordan last year brought upon the
university in the eyes of all right-minded peo
ple would have prevented him. or. If not him,
at least the trustees. - from allowing any such,
action to again disgrace the-in»titution." ¦
"But what is Jordan thinking of? He is act
ing bo that ¦self-respecting' men will . presently
prefer to dig dirt In the streets rather than go
to Stanford University." ' ' -
"I hesitate to Intrust to ink and paper my
estimate of the injury that such persistence In
what is certainly an evil policy must have on
th« institution. Nothing but an emphatic and
very public reversal of the policy can save it."
Jf any defense were needed, I ' could cite the
resolution of my colleagues in view of your
criticisms passed in offering me the presidency
of the Philological Association In testimony, as
they expressed it. of "our, loyal friendship, . of j
our cordial fellow-feeling, our. high esteem of
his character and our sincere respect for his
scholarship and scholarly Ideals." .' .
I am persuaded that if I had meekly accepted
your dictation as to details in the conduct of
roy department upon which I am competent to
judge and j'ou are not, and especially if I had >
been one of. those who "stood /by" you in the
Ross'matter 1 should not have been disturbed,
as I confess I should have preferred not to be, j
having come here at your invitation and set
tled myself, as I supposed, "for life." Possibly I
I err in this.- but the gradual but . effective i
weeding out of the "Ross sympathizers" from ;
the university has produced such an lmpree- ,
sion, not only in my own mind, but In univer
sity circles^ - I have been- made aware of this
by ¦ recent correspondence with university men
from jvhom I asked advice. I find the feeling
to be that there is not In the university such
academic freedom in any direction as self-re- j
specting and competent professors expect In all
universities. That this feeling is general may •
be Inferred from some extracts from recent let- I
ters to me from university men of the highest
standing: -
QUOTES EASTERN EDUCATORS.
tlon that you had. not understood what we were
doing, as Indeed your, letters made manifest.
It. Is true that. you once attributed eome fric
tion which then existed In my department to
me, but you subsequently explicitly and em
phatically acknowledged your error, confirming
the same by your letter of May 25, 1900. It Is
true that upon vour ; representation that Mrs.
Stanford felt injured at some alleged remarks
of mine in" connection with the Ross case I
called upon her, only to discover that she had
never thought of such a thing. As a matter of
fact my criticism was not of her but of you.
As to other vague allusions, I have no Idea to
what -you refer. .-"'.'.' . . .
The Deposed Head of the Latin Department of the Univer
sity at Palo Alto Charges President David Starr Jordan
With Reopening the Unfortunate Ross-Howard Affair
PROFESSOR PEASE IS DISMISSED
FROM THE FACULTY OF STANFORD
THE SAN fcRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY- 25, 1902.
27
Isn't it too bad that so many people, when they get old, get
cranky and rickety and mean, and don't feel right towards themselves
or anybody else; yet it need not be so.
I \. .1 ;•• • y*^ "Catcarets make me feel bo light-hearted aad Urely, th«%
; >~*i V though I hare seen three aoore and three, a few nor*
jOE* J /%' »core» I yet may see."— -Jamea 8. Millar, Villa Park, CaL .
j£$r/C^r ' "For many years I have been troubled with constipation.
/KSSr f^ffffa- A ' used one 25c and two 50c boxes of Cabaret*, aud thoy have
lf*gtj/7S<Df%!- -~ <d» \ *>ffocted a permanent cure. Sln^i iny di«char«r« from th«
t£dtwjf//l Kfrfffr— "^i* I army la 18S5. I hare never before found a lasting remedy."
SEmif/a i&>H&' r w?£^ I ~~ H " J " Mcriwern ' 813 Chaplin© Street, Wheeling, W. Va.
Rtl^MlIiSSM/r'^-^T]^ \ " l Tr " troubled with something thnt baffled the skill of
Aw5^/w/'/TeSj!f /J> \ physicians for 35 years; I used Gv«> boxes of Cascarets and
M^y fwFfM&nllf vtf^»WTfcV.« * m ln * )etter b**^! 1 than ever before." *
WnfAt^^AsirwlL^k^^^ \ h\ "SI* month's «eo I took Casearetn for constipation con-
V&rlltJ VjTO , / \ \ A traeted dnrine th« War of the Rebellion. The result it
*ffWiL*y HR*b9 A* JVl ironderfaj ana I advise Ml old soldiers to try them."
*i|Si 1 %^SCfy^r V7 f » —Jas. Pntman. late Capt. 53rd 111.. Haney, Wi*.
?u£**Ki/J$<Vlf&^* x Z2&' > If "'• ' w ' 8 feeHne had. loslnt; flesh, had dull headAChe, cold
H **7 \ m ' x f»«it, and couldn't sleep well. I took CascsretK. and in four
n^irf^Afr " U weeis rained 15 pounds. Am feeline fine now." ¦ .
A " V —A. B.Btory, veteran Meiicaa and Civil Wars, Epworth, la.
/SfL •>S^~~^'~~^ J it!>\. "I have been using Cascarets for some time for
JpZjfnL. IT—— -^«^8Twa constipation, and their ereatett benefit has been to
f&^SjK R^rSJ^^SSSflT&aSs!* cure me of asthma. I o in my 86th year and ha4
i JXmlRsBik. ' ' BSrafg&ACgNiasSSw been sufferinc with asthma for years."
><*§j&igH|L Cf^^BrnfffnTT^nfrifc -' • "" —T. M. White, Bob Lee. Gcorsla.
yJS^a'BWW^ *Mm "Belne now in my 79th year. I had suffered fot
jR llT^HjorltlBn;: mmEM wK&BBBNBBr* * T « ye*" <rom kidney trouble, disordered stomach,
\j*fl^SsS3^ indigestion, do appetite, twineeii of rheumatism.
7^ VP^Hv -' ISfflr After fire weeks taking Cascaret*. all the above
x5»i' «r^»^ ' bodily annoyances were drlrenfrom my system: I
i - ' ¦¦ , -^w\ now feel able to dance a break-down." » • • ¦
, ¦% " xN " —Frank p. Uahoney. West Side, Hannibal. Mo.
All old people's muscles get weak and flabby, and it's the same
with the muscular walls of their intestines as with the ciuscles of their
arms. When the bowels grow weak; the aid folks get constipated,
bilious, sick, helpless, irritable,, arid that's the chief cause of their/
death. Old folks shoulditake Cascarets Candy Cathartic bowel tonic,
keep their liver lively, their bowels regular and strong and live to be
a hundred. ¦' .
//JrsrtATinlrv Best or f>e'B»wI». *-il druggists, ioc, a$e, soc. . Never sold la bulk.
LfJtJaAwUlJVACV*) Thft genuine tablet ••.t*-3ip;d C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
%g^ w ww W^1Z^ back. Sample ano btn-klet free.. Address , ._. • , .-, . \. : r .u/J.
; ¦iiffc'iiiy'-^^^ ¦"." Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. IS
Constipated Old Age
| Lo.... T0 CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. f e# "* I
I o©o©o0ooo®oo0©o©0oo©o©©o9eo®«o©««oo©o«o©oooe© $
* Every person contracting to take The CaU for six (6) months can secure a $15.00 SET OP •
I "OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE" {
5 | r ror ©
I / Books will be expressed to subscribers upon receipt of $3.20. Expresaago at subscriber's expeme. ]
) '' Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $15. .V •
\ AN INVALUABLE ADDITION TO EVERY LIBRABY! J
I . AN ORNAMENT, TO ANY DRAWING ROOM! *
I ' £ SOURCE OF INSTRUCTION AND ENTERTAINMENT for old and young, yielding tb. a da> |>
* lights of travel without its inconveniences. . ' , • §
I THE GALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. |
\ AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. |
9 INTRODUCED BY 4 J
1 MAJOR=QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, S
J . UNITED STATES ARMY. %
i •• With Special Descriptive Matter and Narrative* by # x J *
I JOSE DE OLIVARES,; {
j ; . \ The Noted Author and War Correspondent. O
• Author of -The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The La»t of The Anguilles," and other West Indian g
9 Stones. X
• EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE O
S PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII •
9 K \KD THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- «
9 TIONS HOMES OF THE PEOPLE. THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- f
I PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, r
1 RIVERS. VALLEYS, HILLS : AND MOUNTAINS. SO COM- "v--; Z
1 PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- S
§ -XSi- ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE O
Jr PICTURED PAGE. • •
J With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor. S
5 ,Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with condition* a* ©
n ' they -now exist. .'¦*¦. ¦ o
| "ih Edited and arranged by . %
I /WM. S. BRYAN, S
I v Author of "Footprints of the World's History?' "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Ha-J
§^ ¦.-•:• : 1 PHOTOGRAPHS BY %
| AVALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED. W. FQUT» GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. %
% COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. ' O
| ' REGULAR PRICE $15.00 PER SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. J
8 'Superbly, illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes aod new Colored Mapi •
5. \ctn.B— Only, subscribers to Daily Cajl are entitled to these books at premium rate. All mail orders 0
ii'must be accompanied ' by $3-2O, and /books. -will be shipped by express, the cost of transportation to be paid by Q>
> -'subscriber; at destination.' . ; • 2 :
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ailHHBHH
NTOMAf H fOMPI A I NTS I
| CAN BE CURED. |t ]
a \l $k P There are hundreds of people to-day who n
S ffPlM are suffering from Stomach Complaints because S
| JBllOi they believe there is no cure for them. How- |
I ever, there is one medicine that will positively g
m IS i| :%^EiTM^§Si$ ) \ cure stomach ills and that is g
| -'/ElpPffil^ v Hn^TFTTPD'<s
I Wfr&BBlB9 Stomach Bitters. 1
I iSi A^^^^SSiP Jt contains only such ingredients as will be fj
i helpful to the stomach and no matter how long g
| |m standing your complaint the Bitters will surely i
i WB fefe^^S?^S heIp you * We ur^ e you to try it# !t Ilas cured °
§ these people and will not fail you. §
BB ¦ - - - * B^
| ¦ - ¦ . . •, - - . , H
|| . Brooklyn, N. Y. . I | - Brooklyn, N. Y. | g
H | Dear Sirs -— I have been troubled g «. Dear .Sirs— I have used your Bitters g ¦
1 U with Indigestion and other stomach ' £} § and found it an excellent remedy for g |
B | complaints and your Bitters has been my g X- Indigestion and other* stomach trou- g h
| S only remedy of relief. I cheerfully recom- | | bles. I heartily recommend it to every | g
a § mend it. * THOS. W. CHRISTY. | | one - E - T - TROTTER. | g
g OUR PRIVATE STAMP IS OVER THE NECK OF TH: BDTTLE. |
SHBBBigaHBnHHHBiiHBBgaHBaaHHgaHHaBaBaHHBaHaiigBBBHaHBHnaBBnHHiaaaHgBBgBaa
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j
I Men's Diseases I
H Certain Treatment I
r i O. C. JOSLEN, M.D. | i
lj The Leatiinc Specialist. M t
G O | *
Several of those aliments peculiar to H 1
»nen are very complex. To the ordinary M I <
physician they are entirely perplexing:, ja ! ¦
He must make the theories of others H •
ro as far as they will, then must do H •
the r«=t of th« jruesEinc himself. And B i
Ills treatment fails. Perhaps he ex- fa
P^cts it to fall. But be always doea E3 ,
i Ms best, doubtless. The average spec- H
ialist may do his best and do no better. Eg :
I have no theories an<J I do no gTiepsing. H
1 always do my best, and my best is H
tlie beet r>c«F5ibl»». When I have tt« S
f I amlned a case 1 know to a certainty El
If .lust what I win be able to do. If it lj
jl 6 a rase that T oan cure soundly and R
II permanently I will say eo. If I have E
Lj doubts I will r^fus*. to treat It By H
IJ never experimenting, never suessiug H
f I and never attempting more than I have H
ti done thousands cf times in the raft I §3
I ! make no mistakes and disappoint none ™
I of my raticats. Q
T " "Wckness." ? §
I! My treatment for functional E4
11 weakness is original with me, and lj
I] is • the only solentiflc and certain O
j| method being employed. It is based H
J' upon absolute knowiedre as to un- R
1] derlj-irg conditions, and conforn;s lj
f, to every requirement essential to lj
H a thorough an>l lasting cure. Cou- fj
1 1 trai-j' to the ivjpular belief, weak- fj
} f ness is not a. n«r\ - ous ajlrnent. but H
j * is a result of disorders purely local. §3
U Its fucc»ssful treatment calls for c|
|J utmost skill and the most delicate H
[j prescribingr. I employ no electrical H
J i or mechaniaal contrivances, nor do K
II I excite functional activitv by the El
H use of stimulants or tonics. I treat H
p by a local process, such as no other (3
1 3 phj-F]>ian employs, and one that R
|.j cannot fail to restore the full dc- EJ
If X pree of strength an<l vigor.. 0
i Contracted disorders. j |
3 Every contracted disease i s at- H
! tcr.d«"l by prave dangers that noth- H |
1 ing less than a tnorough a,nd abso- B !
I lute cure ce.ii remove. To taSce M
| even the slightest chance in such. M
i <*fe£ is to invite lilelomr miserj-. *!
Men do not realize this as thev 1
should. A partial cure is followed G
by a chronic stage with all its hoi- I
rcr 6 the same as though the disease S
had not l*en treated at all. I pos- £
itively arOl not dismiss a patient fj
until every possibility of relapse is t
renkoved. By my system of treat- I j
! ment every patient is soundly cured E {
and made as free. from disease taint E '
. as ho wa« before the ailment was ti I
' contracted. f j j
! P -C I
>o o I
s Vancocete.- - w
¦ This most prevalent of all <Jis- H i
eases of men is also the most neg- & '
>cted, either through dread of the H i
: ;. hiirh methods o f treatment com- fl '
IS monly employed, or through is- I
".'¦'' B noranc* of the grave dangers that | ,
•'H a'.oomrany the disease. As vari- §:
¦ H cx-ole interferes directly with the J;
li circulation and process of waste | i
H an-i repair throughout the gener- 1
U situe organs, the necessity of a | J
B ' rrempt and thorough curs, cannot 1!
be too forcibly ernpha*ize<i I cure 3 i
nrfesede in one week by an ab- I j
| aotately painless proeeus. My cur*s j ¦
pre thorouffh and absolutely penn- 9 |
anent and are accomplifhtd with- 1
out the use of knife, ligature or I
In j -> I
Stricture. |
Mj- treatment for stricture Is ca- I ;
tirely independent of surcery. A i •
con-.pete cure is ac-ximpllshed with- I j
oct cutting; or dilating. All growthe I ;
sn<1 obstructions in the urinary I ,
passage *re dissolved, th» mem- I !
brands cleansed and all Irritation I j
or congestion removed throughout 1
the orra.ns involved. L j
c a j j
pedtic 81 od Poison I i
My treatment for Specific Blood | '
Poison neutralize*; and eliminates I J
the very latt taint of virus from I
the 6yFtem, and all this Is ac- 1
complished without the us< of ¦ : H
dangerous minerals. I afford you E
I a complete and permanent cure. X I
-- Write for my pamphlet. * # L.!ve • B
jl All Vour Tears a Man." Mailed I H
n fre« upon application. Oonsulta- I N
M tion and advice free at office or by I H
y DR. O. C. JOSLEN, §
rj 1049 Market Street, H
lj Dlaecnally Opposite Hibernla Bank, ji
«M CNICHC«TCR*S CNSU8H
PENNYggy^Citl.8
WfsQLpSfiATE* Alw»Tire'.l»bl« JyXtle*. m> PntCT*
ArtS^i. *» CHICHESTER'S l^iGLISH
&*s*rwR&\ |B HED and Gold mruUle brxo. m:«4
15l -*VW 61m rlbbom. Tot « to othfr. Rrfana
4M 9% wj* D»tecrom f»«b*Ut»Uo*» «nd lmlta>
I' I ~ ()f ttonifL. Boy >f yo«r Orvcflst. or tni An- la
I <m- Jr mubbc for Psrtlealmns Totlmoiii&lc
I "D» I? <"« * # R*M«f Tar l.*<Ht*."*n irtttr,** r*-
.X P ion. M .11. 10.0«lO*.«t:n«ni»l-. E«l«b|
»r, iTBfjlfw. ChIebr«UrCbej le»IC*_
KaUos Oil j»p«r. ti*iSft fequmrti, VUL. A* V£*
DR. HALL'S£EINY.GORATOR «T5»
Htcps all losses in 21 hours. Five. \3&F M £$l*J>
hundred reward for any case we jj*"* ¦*%
cannot cure. This secret rem- fl y
>£y cures EmleElons, Impotency. «&1 E33,
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. frfS Tff
Etrlctures. Drains. Loet Man- ULbi XjL
hrxsi and all ether wasting ef- BBffl gSr
fects cf p^lf-abuse or excesses, tuofcciwi . Tit 1
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; S bottles. $5: puaranteed
to cur« any case Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55 Broad-
way. Oakland. O«J. Also for *ale at 1073 IJ
Market tt.. S. F. Send for free book-
d£^v WONQ WOO,
k^y CHINESE TEA AND HER3
• &J f SANITARIUM.
JSgK. '€4-66 Clay St., S. F., Cil.
rf&jfWw&Sy A lA ' DISEASES CURE1»
f&'fJr'.tLm*^ r\- fxclusively by Cbines«
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours,
3:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to Z and 7 to 9 p. ra.
T\ D TT O U 17 C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
rjKlJoil£iO "-«• bootblacks, bath-
U11UUX1UW houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, randy-makers, cannex*.
dyere. flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, ehoe factories.
rtablcmca. tar- roofer*, tanners, tailors, etc
Brush Manufacturers. 633 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTBL.
KEARNT AND Tl'ASHlXCTON STS.—RE-
mo/jeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
• "O. European plan. Rooms, S0c to $ I W) day;
f5 to %*> wrek; *8 to $20 month. Free bath*:
hot snd '•old water every room; fire grates in
every room; elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call, $1 per' YearBesides the attraction of the games
there will be dancing In the pavilion
from 11 a. m. tiU 8 p. m., : Fairgrieve's
band supplying the music. The pavilion
wll be In charge of Frank MacDonald,
Charles MacDonald, Gus Mclntyre. Wal
ter Reed, Joseph J. McKlhnon, Ray Elder
and George McDonald. The tent con
taining refreshments for the guests of the
club will be under the charge of First
Chieftain J. A. McLeod and able assist
ants/ ¦" . ¦¦ - " , ¦ - ' ;'
The. thirty-sixth'' annual gathering and.
games, of the Caledonian Club will \. be
held .at Shell, Mound Park' next Friday
and everything points to the most sue-
cessful event in the history of the' club.
There are forty; events on. the programme
and. with the exception *of, nine' they are
open to all comers. A- special feature will
be the bagpipe ' competition for a gold
medal valued. at; $200 and already entries'
have been received for the event from
different parts of the. coast. Te medal
is a maenificent piece of work. . ¦
giamme, Including ' Bagpipe
. ", .Competition. -
There Are Forty - Events on the Pro-
CAiLEDONIAHS ABE EEADY
: '•-. FOR THE •, ANNUAL; GAMES
•A^ varied and select line of cameras and
photographic supplies at v Sanborn.V &'
Vall's. 741 Market street.: . /•
.-¦ . . Mr. . A. Iyorabardo.
*'Offenbachiana" ;........ .."..;. C. . . . .Conradl
"Prophet March" ..;.¦,.:. ...•.'....;.¦... Meyerbeer
Selection, "II Trovatore" ... ...... .'.Veriil
. * :: " ' "Hall Columbia." ¦¦¦¦•¦-¦:¦,'¦¦-- *.•-„.,..
The following programme will be ren
dered by the Golden Gate Park band, this
afternoon: •¦':> • ; •'¦¦; ¦
"Star-Spansrled Banner." x ''¦>* ' '
March, "Fiddle-Dee-Dee" . . ...... .y.Stroiriberk
Overture. "Fesi" . ........ ... . . . .Leutnor
"Pan AmeHcerna" (first time). ..-.-.. .'...Herbert
."Southern", Reverie".' ...'... .. ... .Bendlx
Grand fantasia, ."La Boheme". (by request).
7_ I-,;- /••••,; ....:. ;Pucclnl
O% - erture, "Zarapa .Heroid
Flute solo, "Carnival of Venice" .. DemerBmann
Music at the Park.
. • Small, deHclous chocolate-coated pellets for
conbUpatlon, biliousness, • sick, headaches * dvs.
pepsTa. 10c. 25c- . : . .¦ .. ¦'• i
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
OTiiseiett. 00c flask. Richard ft-Ca. 406 Clar.
The ninth annual picnic of the Jewish
Association, Chevra Refooah Shelelmo, in
aid of Its furfd for the relief of the wid
ows and orphans of ¦ the association, ¦¦ will
be given in Glen Park to-day. Valuable
gate prizes will be distributed during the
afternoon. - . ¦
To Aid Widows and Orphans.
The lodges of the Ancient Order of
Ignited Workmen located in this city have
decided to have a grand reunion and pic
nic at Glenwood ' Park- in the Santa ! Cruz
Mountains on -Bunker 'Hill day, June 17
and all: arrangements to the carrying out
o£ the idea have been looked after" - The
following are hhe committees that have
been named to carry out the plans: ¦
General cofnmlttee— M. J. Blackman" of Val
ley Lodge, president ; H. H. McPhereon nf
Prosperity Lodge, first vice president- "c P
Shea of Yerba Buena I^odge, second vice presil
dent. Frank J. McGulre of Friendship iidle
E> A - SmUh ° £ Har «n°ny Lodge
JB^kk.™™'"- Fmnk J - Maguire; R :
p P Xk 0 .T 11 '^ EldrWse ' d
iSHSii?* M -- Lawton - L i c - cu ». "b. f.
Souvenir proerammme — G. O. Jones ir V
Kenr.y, J. J. Wales. . Jones ' F - T.
F1 Badges— K. H. McPherson, J. Rose, c.
E.^Af'siun 1 !" 3111 J- Rya °' R - H - M cPher£on,
There has been prepared, a long list of
races and games, for which prizes will be
awarded, and there will be many gate
prizes. - . 6dLl -
the Santa Cruz Mountains
in June.
Preparations for a Grand Reunion in
OUTING OF THE ANCIENT
ORDER OF WORKMEN
- Call at Santa Fe ticket office. 041 Market
street, for Illustrated pamphlet and -full par
ticulars. . 1 •
The quickest and most convenient way in
and out of tbe Yosemite Valle/ is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave ian Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are ln Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. in. *
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
As a result of the meeting the Southern
Pacific has made a one fare rate for the
round trip to all those attending the Re
publican State Convention that meets at
Sacramento on 'August 25. . ¦
A committee from the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento consisting of Presi
dent I* F.Breuner, General Manager II.
A. French and R. D. Stephens', the well
known fruit grower, had .a conference
with the passeng-er traffic officials of the
Southern Pacific. —
5 Ticket at Request of Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce.
Southern Pacific Grants One-Fare
REPUBLICAN STATE
CONVENTION BATE
The following named members have been
nominated to constitute the board of'di
rectors of the association for the ensuing
year: C. S. Benedict, Foster P. Cole. An
drew M. Davis. Walter E. Dean, "W. J.'
Dutton, R. B. Hale, E. J. Koster, A. J.
McNlcoII. Charles M. Plum, A. J. Rich
JVC Rossi, Robert H. Swayne. A. H.
Vail, Frank J. Symmes and F. H. Whee
l&n. r
Representatives of the draymen and the
teamsters, aside from the members of the
association, will address the meeting on
these matters.
The annual election apd meeting of the
Merchants' Association will take place at
the Academy of Sciences Hall on next
"Wednesday evening. The subjects an
nounced for discussion are the paving
of Bryant street, from Main to First;
paving of First street, from Bryant to
Braim&n; lowering of the grade on Beale
street, from Folsom to Bryant; extension
of Brannan street to Beale, and the
widening of Third street from Mission to
Towntend.
ment cf City Streets.
Discussion Plans for Improve-
merchants' Association Presents for
ANNOUNCES ITS ANNUAL
- ; MEETING AND ELECTI01-I
On the evening _of.tho 9th of June Dr.
A." Florence Temple, a prominent member
of the Native .Daughters of the Golden
West, /will tender/ a reception, to Miss
Laura J. Frakes, the grand secretary of
t:i»r order, in the Maple Room of the Pal
aoe Hotel. The following named will act
as the reception committee and assist the
hostess: lizzie Shade of Minerva Parlor;
Jda M: Kervan of Alta Parlor, Margaret
1. Smith of Oro Fino Parlor, Millie Tiet-
Jen of Golden State Parlor, Lillian Ver
siilovich" of. Fremont Parlor. Mattie Fer
r -, s L < J f La ? Lomas Parlor, SHsie>Kalthoft
of \csemite Parlor, May Boldem-ann of
Ln Lstrelia Parlor, Agnes Lunstedt of
Buena Vista Parlor, Minnie F. Dobbins of
Sans Souci Parlor, Agnes Me Very of Cal
averas Parlor, Kathryn McGough of
Danna Parlor, Nora Monnemann of La
Vespero Parlor. Jennie F. Leffman of Las
lorrossas Parlor, Lillie Borle of Gene
yieve. Parlor. Lillie O. Reichling Dyer
founaer of the order. Invitations to take
part in the reception have been sent to
Past Grand Presidents Tina L. Kane
Minnie Coulter, Cora B. Slfford Mae k'
Wilkin, Carrie L, Durham. Mariana Ber
tola M.D.. Elizabeth Spencer? LoufJe
Morris, Ema Gett, Clara K. Wittemever
Bfclle WIngfield Conrad. MolIeB. Johnson
and Mary E. Tlllman. and the^ f oHowirte
grand officers: Genevieve W. Bake
president; Eliza D. Keith, vice president 1
Amanda Hammerly. treasurerf Harriet
S. Lee marshal; Annie Henderson Inside
tion in Honor of Miss Laura
¦ . J. Frakes. *•¦ . I . r '\
2r.'A. Florence Temple to Give Func-
.Pavid M. Pfelzer & Co.. of CJiicago, the
largest clothing, manufacturers of that
city, have assigned to Mr. P. C. Kelly, as
signee of the Boston, 773 Market street,
$SO,000 worth of clothing-. The above firm
sells to all the leading clothiers' in the
United States. Their clothing is known
as the D. M. P. clothing and; so adver
tised in the- monthly magazines. Their
men's suits, and. overcoats range in price
from $12 to $20. - At the assignee's i sale
here the price will be $4 65— no. more, no
less. For fit there are none superior. The
quality speaks for Itself. These are. brand
new goods," arrived here .Friday. They' are
now being unpacked," ready for this com
ing Wednesday. . Now, if morifcy. or style
in . a suit is an object, then everybody
should wait. Opportunities like this do
not come often. The Boston has in the
last two years sold more men's suits than
any clothing house In San Francisco. Yet
it is nothing tq compare with the clothing
assignee 1 sale that will start Wednesday
at 773 Market street, near Fourth. •;;-••;
This City an Immense : Cloth
ing Stock. .
A Chicago Clothing Firm Assigns to
IMPORTANT ANNOUNGEMENiV
NATIVE DAUGHT?ES WILL '
7 RECEIVE GRAND SECTRETAB-Y
The new district council of the United
Brotherhood of : Carpenters and , Joiners
met last night and considered the proposi
tion of the Builders' Protective Associa
tion relative to a. declaration of peace be
tween -the unions of the" brotherhood and
the' Building- Trades Council. The nature
of the proposition was not disclosed,. but
it is understood the builders urged that
tHc council- settle, the dispute by with
drawing from the Later Council and. re-,
affiliating with, the Building Trades.Coun
cil.'. As. this j course necessarily • Involved
the acceptance of section 3 of the consti
tution.- of- the Building Trades Council,
which prohibits any affiliated union from
belonging to any other central body, and
for the repeal: of which the \ brotherhood
is now fighting, the district council de-,
clined to. accept the. proposition. < .
An_answ,er will be returned to the build
ers to the effect that if the objectionable
section be repealed the brotherhood un
ions will rejoin the Building .Trades Coun
cil. >In' this way alone can 1 peace be "se-r
cured,, and until such action be taken "the
brotherhood men declare they -will never
recede* from f the- position they have as
sumed.' " -I.-. . . '',. . . - .¦ •-.,-.-' .
Brotherhood! Men Exactly 'Define
Their Position in the Existing' ;¦
. ': Troubles. .
CARPENTEBS REJECT
BUILDERS' PROPOSAL
If you will take my advice you 'will
Instruct your attorneys, to commence' suit
against that man for pay for youc serv-.:
kes.as housekeeper during all the time
you -were with hUn on Stockton street"
We came back here and I disposed of
a cottage at 37 Beaver street, which was
my own, and helped him start a lodeine
house at 332 Stockton street. A week or
su ago he tired of me and tried to make
me leave the house, and when I refused
he took legal steps.- He told me I was
pnjy a servant ana not his wife, and that
lie had a right to discharge me whenever
he pleased." • . ¦ •. • -
After granting the injunction the Judge
said- to Mrs. Mixer: . -.- ~..-.c- -..-. ¦ ¦ .-
"He would not wait and pr availed upon
mf to consent to a marriage at Reno. We
started for Reno, gaing to Sacramento
and Stockton first. He used the name
of Fuller on his travels, though I object
ed. He prevailed upon me to take some
medicine In -Sacramento, and ¦'¦ I immedi
ately became ill and dazed. When we left
the capital we rode for several hours on
the train and then got off at a small sta
tion which Mixer toid me was in Nevada
"He left me at the hotel to go. and get
a license, as he said, and that is all I re
membered until we started to return I
was dazed and incapable of thinking, and
believed him when he told me that we
had been married. • ¦ 1 - ..
Mrs. Mixer was the only witness in the
suit, and she told the following tale; •
"I was married to Mixer In 1882 and
lived with him until 1898, when I got a
divorce because of his cruel treatment.
He went East after the suit was decided
and remained there for several months,
having, as he told his friends, a very, good
time. He came back here and hunted me
up and told me that he still loved me and
atked me to remarry him, promising to
deed me half .of his property. I consent
ed, but asked him to wait until the year
the law requires should elapse after a
divorce. - ¦ • - >
Unfortunately the law is on his side
and adds to the burden of . woe. already
borne by the little woman. ¦. :-
Judge I^ebbard thus rebuked George H.
Mixer yesterday after granting him an
injunction restraining his divorced wife
Nettie Mixer, from Interfering with him,
lii the conduct of a lodging-house at 332
Stockton street. • - : - '' • * 4
The rebuke was a deserved one, for
Mixer, after finding that the suit for an
injunction had been decided in his favor,
displayed a -great anxiety to get rid' of
Mrs. Mixer, arid asked the court to direct
her to remove "her belongings before next
Friday. /
The Mixer case is one of the most pecu
liar that has been heard at the City Hall
for some time, and' through it all it is ap
parent that Mrs. Mixer has been. the suf
lerer. . Believing herself to be , the ..wife of
Mixer, she has tolled and slaved to 'make
a success of his venture as a lodging
house keeper, and just when matters ap
peared to be running smoothly Mixer in
tormed her that he had not married her
and appealed to the law to get rid. of her.
"I want you to understand, Mixer, that
in rendering judgment in. your favor in
this suit I am not granting you a license
to annoy that little woman. If I hear of
your causing her any annoyance I shall
declare her a tenant of your house and
you will then have to resort to legal pro
ceedings to remove her."
"Mrs. • Ezeta shows base- ingratitude,"
says Schumacher. "Why,- 1 advanced her
money, and fed her children when
they had nothing to eat. When. I asked
for the money owing on the jewelry she
sneered at ( me. But ' Ezeta is a gentle
man. If he had money to-morrow he
would pay air his obligations."
Carlos Ezeta, " deposed President of
Salvador^, and at one time worth millions
of dollars, was before Justice of the
Peace Daniels yesterday dn an order of
examination to show cause why he does
not pay a judgment for a laundry bill of
$65. / Ezeta's wife was also a defendant in
the action, brought by the'-Rauer Collec
tion Agency. .^ When Ezeta was put on
the stand he acknowledged that he owed
the bill, but pleaded that he was the pos
sessor of no real or^ personal property
whereby, the judgment could be satisfied.
Ezeta testified that his property in
Salvador had been confiscated and that
whatever property 'he ever had in this
country had been lost in ventures in Ala
meda County. At this; point "Jake"
Rauer produced a document purporting
to be a lease of some jewelry from H. G.
F. Schumacher, a jeweler in the Palace
Hotel, to Ezeta, to the effect - that ! after
the sum of $205 had been paid thereon,
the jewelry was to become the property
of Ezeta. - Ezeta stated that the jewelry,
consisting, of a watch, diamond ring, and
watch' fob, belonged to. him, but he had
pawned it to meet some pressing necessi
ties. - It developed that' the jewelry was
in the .possession of James M.. Ellis, .a no
tary public at 323 Montgomery -' street;
who had advanced Ezeta a sum of money
thereon. After Ezeta and his wife had
taken the pauper's oath Judge Daniels
discharged them .-from custody. -, .-
Schumacher, who sold the jewelry, says
that.it was not to be Ezeta's until the
latter had paid the sum agreed upon. The
first named knows nothing about the
pawning . of the . jewelry, but has placed
his bill in the hands of Thomas Mulligan
for collection. ,\ . . . ;
Tells Her She Is Not His Wife
. but Merely a Hired
Servant.
Deposed /President % Buys Jew
elry Which He x Pawns
. Afterward. .
Tells Judge Daniels He
Cannot Pay Laun
; - - dry Bill. v
Orders Her Out of Home
She Helped Him to
Make.
MIXER DECEIVES
TRUSTING WOMAN
CARLOS EZETA
IS A POOR MAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO tSI^DAY- - MAY 25, 1902.
28
. Almost double as much business so '^?^^^
far this month as for all of May last^JMjPW
year. You could have no better,^^^
proof of the growing popularity of
Walk-Over Shpes. vl*?P?\
This store has furnished a liberal C^Sr )
education to hundredsof heretofore /V^ ' ~~Jk
careful, discriminating buyers of f ¦¦¦jmBk
shoes— a boon to thousands of in- (¦¦JjSfflm
We put into our shoes that individ- V
uality and style that for years young
men and women felt they could only SbSS
get from the high-price stores. /^\ I^SI
Sixty kinds of. leathers and n^ >«
shapes .and '.weights, and 5 JiUU
every pair made for. San U^Z
Francisco men and women. Le8s - gr^miSB
You can pay more, but you cannot
get better leather, nor better wear, fiSSpPS
nor more comfort, nor smarter styles.'
V There's a meaning in their every line and
curve. And- they're money-back shoes, too-
good wear, or a new pair. . . : .: r
Why pay Five and Six Dollars?
WALK=GVER SHOE STORE
F. F. WRIGHT & SON. \
.ffl-g?gag°ig' 924-t>6 Market Street. ¦££$3!&
Bargain Days in
Cloaks ana Suits
The wearing days for summer ¦ :^^^^jv
clothing are just 'beginning, but
the selling days are fast clipping >"^^K^
away; so. vve have taken time by 0K/&L
'••'.the forelock „ and reduced every ;. : 10$ ffV^
garment: in: stock to a quick- V :^&nn^Q\
selling price.' Tlie prices are not ,,;\
only the lowest to be found, but \ J X Wi
..the assortment is composed of "- " /* '. AV .
the best selected stock. Here are • - /|
•y the values': ; . ; , 'C , /&% ' fu
$25.00 tailor suits for.... ../... $15.00. ;y^r. Jl .. '' ..
16.50 silk Eton jackets f?r. . .V^IO.OO ,- . |||l\^^K V
5-oo golf skirts-for .....' ?3.5O 7)/XgWl\
, 6.00 and $7.00 dress skirts for $5.00 \
2500 long silk coats 'for...... $18.00 \l
: 7.50 cloth' jackets for. ....:.. $6.OO . VJ^V \-^_3^'
20.00 silk dress skirts for. . .'. .$12.50 y^K^j^-^y^yi
More Shirt Waists Black Silk Waists.
. To-morrow we will offer in our base- To-morrow", we shall have a sale of
ment salesroom another lot N of those nearly," two. "hundred handsome black
pretty shirt waists tbat sold so quick- I affeta and. peaudeeoie silk waists in
. ¦wh J S C^Sk,r^ O fawnf dimmed an^: a^alf dozen good styles;. sizes 32 to .44; :
percales, in all the season's styles- the -y represent \-alues of 56.00 and $7.50;
values $1.00 and $1.25, sale.- price.. 69c I the sale price: will be............ $4.50
;^fe : : : ¦; •Sale::^ot : , Hosiery,
y^S> pwn!^-.'-- .We still have enough!. hosiery^left for. a two days'- selling
[i|-S^>' - tetore the assortment becomes, broken. The hose comprise
' «" ; '*#' ; fast black Jace; effects for. women and children; they are
M*' '-j'yi such stockings as you are in the habit of paying 50c for,
. . ', M ¦: "but while they last ,we shall- close every pair out for v 0
And every Distressing Irritation
of Skin and Scalp Instantly
Relieved by a Bath with
And a single anointing with CUTICURA, the great skin
cure and purest'of emollients. This treatment^when fol-
lowed in severe cases by mild doses of CUTICURA
RESOLVENT PILLS, to cool and cleanse the blood, is
the most speedy, permanent, and economical cure for
torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, and pimply skin and scalp humours, ' with loss
of hair, ever compounded.
TJSE CUTICURA SOAP, assisted fcy Cutkura Ointment, for
preserving-, purifying, and beautifying- the skin, for cleans-
ing- the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping- of
falling hair, for softening, whitening', and soothing red, rough,
and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchin gs, and chafings, in the
form of baths for annoying- irritations and inflammations, or too
free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative
weaknesses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily
suggest themsdves to women and mothers, and for all the pur-
poses of the toilet, bath, and nursery. CUTICURA SOAP com-
bines delicate emollient properties derived^ from CUTICURA, the
great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing, ingredients and the
most refreshing of flower odours. It unites in ONE SOAP at
ONE PRICE, the BEST skin-and complexfcn soap, and the
BEST toilet and baby soap in the world. . ' . . \
COMPLETE EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOUR,
' &** X* Consisting of Clticuka -Soap, 25c, to cleanse the ekin of cru«la
SBlf^PSl'PfS scahee. and soften the thickened cuticle; CuTicnRA Oikt-
AH&£VU£ 41 **?!: **- to icstant * a "ay itchtar. inflammation, tod Wtltion
an<i soothe and heal; and Ccticuka RE€onr E ?rr Pills, 25c to'
The Set. SI ??1*Z ddM ?J blood: A awf»te is often imd^at to
&n e Zv , a »J i ' Jn k nort. torturing, dl 6 fi g urii, R , ltchi n? ,• bnrnte R , nnd fcaly
RUPTURE r
H'^^^^Ky^—^thinglikeit. Comfort &J*
B"~^•fiK&r* security! A Perfect Retainer, jks
H : /Afl\H-does the work! SSrCallor^
• Wl "" /as V write today for ' 'booklet so. 1* safe
- * Address: Magnetic E.Trass Co, -fissl
206 Post Street, San Francisco, CaUfflgg
Or 33W.24thSt^KewYoxk,X«stleatUir^«BSmi
A New and Good American Word.
ErRU-SAUS. THE. LATEST WORD^ADDED
• to the English language; its true meanlngis
certainty,? and Is. designed -to mean all that la
expressed by the slang phrase "aure tljing." •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_j^^EXPERiOPTICIAir. -
Trick
To Deceive the Public and to Rob
a Man of His Hard-Earned
Reputation.
*¦'¦'.. N ''.•¦'¦.' : " ' ¦ ' '' .-..*
C 'T?* ? ity A rgus," one cf ' the brightest
ft y , J< ? urnals of San Francisco. Joins the
other leading newsrapers In strongly denounc-
hig such dishonest motives : . .
There Is nothing more contemptible !n
business than the. effort of rivals to steal the
success of those who by their ability and square
dealing have gained. the confidence of the peo-
Plo. An atrocious Instance of this character Is
found In the attempt of certain characterless
people to rob Geo. Mayerle. of 1071 Market j
street, ot his reputation as the most prominent
optician in this city, and Mr. Mayerle has
earned this title by> the superior work, he has i
tone, and the numerous testimonials received
by him from, the most prominent people on the
coast prove that his work Is unexcelled. It Is
not surprising that imitatdrs should endeavor
to rob Mr. Mayerle of his laurels.,;- :.' .
Dogs bay at the moon, but rob her of none
of her beauty. T ' • . . ¦ ¦ ¦. :
And fo with the crawling things that seek to
injure Mr. MayeYle. they only add to his prom-
inence in the community.. / ¦ •
K • . ¦• 'yy-Y ¦", ..) i-mitatibns.
Georjje Mayerle's German Eyewater strength-
ens weak eyes and gives instant relief 'for pain-
ful, watery, itching" or Inflamed eyes or eye-
HdK. The Genuine can be had only of George
Mayerle.-- German Expert Optician. Ip71 Market
street, San Francisco. ¦ ; -
-:¦;¦• 'NONE-GENUINE
Without the Trademark — An Eye with a Crown.
George Mayerle. German Expert Optician,
¦ Charter Member American Associate
• Opticians.
4Sfc B Warning
* SE^ TO THE PUBLIC.
The ORIGINAL. GEORGE MAYERLE. Ger-
man Expert Optician, who has been established
at 1071 MARKET STREET nearly rive years,
Is in no way, connected with a party who open-'
ed next door him and calling themselves
"Mayerle & Co." Remember, GEORGE MAY*
ERLE has : not moved. He Is still at- 1071
MARKET' STREET. When wishing to consult
the Original Mayerle LOOK FOR AN ETE
WITH A CROWN (Mayerle's Trademark) on
every window, and remember the ENTRANCE.
1071. Telephone South 672. .. . J
: Neglected Eycelght r Affects the Brain. ¦
GEORGE MAYERLE'S GLASSES Strength-
en the Eye and Brain. CUT THIS OUT. ;
We call particular attention
to the following lines of NEW
GOODS, which we will place
on SPECIAL SALE commenc-
ing Monday, May 26th. Upon
inspection they vyill be found
better values than anything
we have offered this season.
SCOTCH WOOL CHECK CHEVIOTS, in mixed color
effects. iThese. goods are full 54 inches widej corns
In darK, medium and light Graus, medium Browns
and Bluesj5ape .Yeru desirable fop tailor-made and
; r. v = outing, sults,^ were formerly sold at $1.50 nard.
S .Price to close...... 65c Yard
-: ¦'-¦' fy~ •¦ ¦ •¦¦. • . ¦ .'¦ ¦ .. ¦
"43-INCH ALL-WOOL SUITINGS, in Granites, Crash
Cheviots and Chalk-line effects. These are all new,
seasonable goods, and are^lna great s Yarletu of
coloringsj were Imported to sell at 75c and 85c per
uard. We will now sell the entire lot at
...............................:. 50c per Yard
GENUINE IMPORTED WASH FABRICS/ consisting d
French Ginghams, Scotch Zephurs and Egyptian
Tissues. These goods are in assprted stripes and
latest colorings, such as BluesV Reds, Maize, Laven-
der, Pinks and Grausj were imported to sell at 25g,
, 35c and 40c yard, They will all he now sold at....
.....:¦../..... .......;......,.... I5c Yard
" We will i also continue this /week our special sale of
-FRE.NCH PRINTED SATEENS at . . . . . . . . 15c Yard
Samplesof ahove goods will Jbe sent free to any address,
and our customers are asked to write for them at oncet \
¦ ¦ \V.:V-.;:= : t , .... . - : li
j,: -A III. 113. 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET. ,
,-'¦'.'..'¦¦ " ¦ ' .
i .-
-,Are you going to take the children ln the country this summer, and don't
you think they will enjoy a trap of this kind? "We have this trap, as well
as dozens of others. Ask for catalogues. -
1902. WORK ALL. HEBE.
OF CAJUJFOXfcJSnLV. *
MARKET AND.IOTH STS., sXSi FRANCISCO.
THE J, NOON AWFURNiTURE CO., 7» c .
• ; __r— -'' -' ¦-¦ ¦
, " DA VENPiORT BEDS. ¦ - ' —
Adjustable top and .bottom Sofa Bedsf $32.50 up. In mahogany and
oak^ handsomely upholstered; plain or figured, up to date in every item.
Don't take up much room; an ornament and a comfort almost a luxury.
Another carload of beds in this week. You ought tof see our prices.
Never have we. bought so. low.. Never sold at such low figures. Our
gain is yours; weygive \you the full benefit. Don't borrow any money, but
come to us. we own our own building— we pat no rent.
Free Delivery to Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., iM.
- IG17-1023 Mission Street, above Suth. San Francisco.
, WE CLOSE AT 6 P. ftl. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY,
j| has a p r of e s s i onal;|
8 frame fitter to keep m
B your glasses in^shape B.
W |at absolutely no charge B
W 64 2^Market ST.^y.
a •nTrp r y.7 r fpy f f^ y, n ts,Yielded No One
Benefit
Asserts That Changes
Confesses He Comit=
ted JSerious
. Error.
ENGINEER LOTT D. NORTON
ADMITS TO COMMISSIONERS
HE ALTERED SPECIFICATIONS
1 Pages 2P to 40 1
¦ - -- ¦ ¦¦ " - " - •-¦ .",: ¦;¦:, . V- ¦ ¦/-¦ ¦-¦¦ SJkV-v- *:<¦.-.-' :.'. • • ; -:\;- ••'•" *'. <>-"'¦;' '¦' - : :¦ .- '¦¦ '- ¦¦ :' ¦ ' ' ' '-
Pages 29 to 40?
MEMBERS OF THE HARBOR'
COMMISSION^' AND THE
CHIEF ENGINEER.
The twenty-third annual excursion and
picnic of St.- Paul's parish will be neid
at Mirabel Park on Tuesday, June 10. The
boat will leave the Tiburon ferry at 9
a. m. and the returning train will leave
the park -at 5 p. m. •
St. Paul's Parish^ Picnic.
Your- First Duty to Yourself
Is I to ; look after, your own comfort, j . The com
fortable : trains of the : NlckeLPlate.'<ioad, Chi
cago to New ,Tork and Boston,. carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars. In which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public."- JAY W; ADAMS
P. O. : P. A.; 37 Crocker ' building, - San . Fr&n
clsco, Cal. ¦ ¦ ¦ •- ¦: ' ' /..¦¦¦.:¦:.-.: -...¦„: ..-. .- .-.• —
The Sunset District Improvement Club
petitioned the Board of Supervisors yes
terday to appropriate $11,480 for grading
and bituminizlng the -city's portion of H
street from • First to Seventh avenues*
$8500 for grading and macadamizing H
street from Seventh avenue to Twentieth
avenue: $5000 for a sewer In H street from
Seventh and Tenth avenues, and $4000 for
the. grading of Nineteenth avenue from
Trocadero Gulch to Ocean avenue through
private. lands. The Sunnyside Improve
ment Club has Indorsed the proposed spe
cial tax of Vfz cents for school purposes.
Ask for : Improvements.
Alonzo Smith, motorman on the San
Francisco and San Mateo line, residing at
30 Twenty-eighth street, has been missing
since March 4 of the present year.
Smith's wife reDorted this fact to the
Morgue officials last evening. Mrs. Smith
fears that her husband has committed
suicide. • •
Motorman Is Missing.
•/Eleanor. M.'.Hoyland, who was' severely
injured by the falling of a porch at 973
Washington street, Oakland, has filed a
suit for $2500 damages against Mary and
Arthur -Dewing, owners of the\building
She alleges that the accident was due to
the negligence of the: Dewlngs In failing
to keep the porch in repair. : - . . :.
Alleges Negligence of Owners'.
is the manufacturer's sale of shoes. Reg
ular J4 shoes for $2 15.' -You can choose
from calf, kid or patent leathers; for la
dles as well as men. Aristocratic In looks
hand-sewed and Goodyear welt; military
or French heel for ladles; Columbia or
Newport toes for men. All stylish, regular
$i shoes: $2 15. will buy them .at -the Bee
Hive, 717 Market street, near Third. •
Now in Full Blast
Charles Newman, proprietor of the
Richelieu, who ' is being sued for an ac
counting/ by Herbert Choynski. who
claims a half Interest In the resort, hied
an answer and cross-complaint yesterday.
Newman alleges that Choynski is merely
an agent; of G. L. Carroll, from whom he,
Newman, purchased- a. one-half . interest
in the saloon, and avers that to the best
of his knowledge and belief Choynski is
not his partner. He alleges further that
he is entitled to possession of the business
by virtue of a lease executed on May 1
1902. by- which the building In which the
Richelieu is located' is leased to him in
dividually. The litigants were given a
hearing | by Judge Hebbard yesterday,
when the suit was continued until next
Tuesday. ¦ - -¦*,•¦¦}'• -
Says Choynski Is Only Ag«nt.
NEW. YORK. May 24.-K. IL. Harri
man. who has been away for two months
h'Specting the Union Pacific, Southern
Pacific and Mexican Railways, is hasten
ing home to attend the meetings of dlrec
to lf ot several railway companies of
which hs is head, called for the middle
of this week.
A^ mei 5 ber of the Harriman syndicate
said to-day that as a result of Harri
man s <rip $75,000,000 would be spent in ex
tensions and improvements of the roads
In the Harriman system.
used in Extending and Im
proving Railroads.
Enormous Amount of Money to Be
HASBIMAN WILL SPEND
SEVENTY-FIVE MILLIONS
June 3 and meantime asked the police to
arrest all the other men of the same class
as the defendant..
Annie Quinn, an autit of the late Thom
as W. Maloney, filed a contest to' the pro
bate of the deceased's will yesterday", al
leging that when he made his will he was
of. unsound mind.. .The will was" recently
admitted to probate In Department 9 after
the/ trial "¦of a contest filed by an uncle
of Maloney. Under the will. Maloney's
estate, which is worth- about $30,000,- goes
to Frank Conklin, a friend of the de
ceased. ': ' ' "•: ' .'. ¦ •
Files New Contest.
Singer Alfieri Discharged.
The case of Frank Alfierl, charged with
obtaining money by false pretenses by
passing a worthless check for $60 upon
William Rice, saloon-keeper, CO Market
street, was dismissed by Judge Cabanis*
yesterday Bell. 8 who had
charge of the case, announced that he
had been unable to procure the attend
ance of two - material witnesses ffom
Fresno. Alfieri was a member of the
Grau Opera Company, and has for weeks
while confined in the City PHson'
charmed the officials and prisoners with
his singing.
Friends' Supreme Lodge.
The annual session of the Supreme
Ledge of the Friends of the Forest will
be held in Red Men's Hair In this city
commencing on Tuesday, June 3. It will
be in session for three days. The several
committees are. busy arranging for tho
event. The reports to be presented will
show that the order made progress durine
the year/having added two new lodees—
/Magnolia and Oak Leaf.. loqges-
Something New
Is always happening in a poker game
two duces take the pot, etc. We have
al! the latest novelties In play lne cards
poker chips, counters, dice and the cheap
est line of Pretty tally cards and. prizes
in the city. Sanborn, Vail & Co. 741 Mar
ket street. '"'•'. i .':;"¦«¦' %
Burglars at Irish -Fair.
The police were notified' yesterday that
burglars had broken into the Mechanics'
Pavilion Wednesday night or early'Thurs
mornlns and stolen , five character wisrs
from the Irish museum. The wiea' »««
valued at $40. The burglary was reported
by J. C. O'Donnell. 2740 Folsom street.
Looking at: the Moon.
If you have not seen the moon close to, take
a chance at it some Saturday night by. climb
ing Mt. Hamilton and seeing -old Copernicus
and Keppler through the big glass of the Lick
Observatory. - Hotel Vendome. at San Jose, is
the headquarters for Lick Observatory tourists;*
Plenty of fine men's suits for every
body. . To-morrow .750 men's all-wool sin
gle or double breasted suits, Scotch mix
tures, cassimeres . and . fancy effects
Hirschman Bros, of New York make
worth $15, for $5 85. 'Also overcoats the
same grade, the same price. At the man
ufacturer's sale of clothing of ' the Ly
ceum, 915 Market street; opposite Mason *
Come Right Along.
isntng of the work made by me is based oi
tne following clauses in the speculations whici
tun*: . t - . . . • •
'"All work must.be done under the super
vision and to the 'satisfaction of the cmef engi
neer of the board, and an questions and uis
putes with reganl to the intent ana interpreta
tion of these specifications, and the estimates
and measurements of materials ana work, snail
be reierred to mm and his , decision tnereon
shall be nnal.
"The board shall have the right to increase
or diminish the ' work described in these speci
fications, and in such case an allowance or
deduction will be made which wnl bear the
same proportion to the total contract which
the work added or diminished snail beau to
the whole work, the said allowance or deduc
tion to be fixed by the chief . engineer of the
board. * - , • ¦
"Should any -question arise as to the conduct
of the work or. the intent or interpretation of
thet>e.Epecincations or should furtner explana
tion or details be required, the contractor must
apply to the said engineer, .allowing him a
reasonable time to mane the decision or fur
nish the required Information or directions and
shall abide by and comply with the same." •
Also by precedents set by your former engi
neer.
Being a representative of the board in these
matters, i supposed I was empowered to act.
Respectfully submitted,
LOTT D. NORTON, Chief Engineer.
Commissioner Kirkpatrick remarked af
ter (he. reading that the report did not
give .the hnancial oata. demanded by the
resolution of the board. In otner woras,
it did not give the .Commissioners the in
formation as to the values of the changes
made in the specifications. He aid not
doubt some of the changes were 4in the
nature of improvements, but what he
wanted to know was the savings, cost
and et ceteras concerning the cnanges.
"If any one has been benefited by these
changes the board ought to know." was
Kirkpatrick's summing up. •
"It is clear from the report that "the
specifications were changed as charged "
remarked Kilburn. "The question is as
to the authority of the engineer in order
ing changes made without the sanction
of the board."
Attorney Budd, on being appealed to for
his opinion, said It was a matter of record
that no specifications could be changed
without the' consent of the board. ' This
was held when a former engineer maue
unauthorized changes. The engineer was
the absolute judge as to the necessity for
making changes/ but the board was the
absolute judge when it became necessary
to order them. • • - .
. Kirkpatrick expressed the view that the
board ought to have further data con
cerning the changes. He therefore de
manded that Norton file a supplemental
report showing in detail the difference in
expense, saving, etc., consequent upon the
changes made by Norton's order. -
Engineer Norton took the stand in his
own behalf. He said he had ordered cer
tain changes in the specifications, but
that he did so in order to improve the
character of the work, which was Buffer
ing by reason of faulty specifications. "
. ,"I now know that I was wrong in do
ing eo without consulting this board," he
admitted blandly. "I have given orders
that the work must proceed In future ac
cording to the specifications, no matter
what the results may be."
"You. should \ not have,.- ordered "any
changes without notifying this board of
your intention to do so," remarked Kil
burn. .
Norton went on to say that he was ig
norant of the responsibilities of *ls act
until The Call reminded him of the>inter
pretation'that might attach to his unau
thorized, procedure. ;¦.'- He . believed, the
changes made r were " of , benefit ¦¦ ¦ to
the State and certainly no 'one
CHIEF ENGINEER LOTT D.
NORTON, 'an appointee, of
Governor Gage to a responsi
ble position under -the State
Board of Harbor Commission
ers, made the humiliating con
fession at the meeting of the
board yesterday that he had changed the
specifications of certain wharf construe- j
tlon as charged by The Call, but asserted ,
that he had done so because the character |
of the work was improved thereby and
that no one connected with the work had
been financially benefited. . *
Norton tiled an evasive report, which
gave the members of the board little in
formation as to the cost of the changes
made by him without the slightest au :
ihority, and he was directed to prepare
a supplemental report giving the data re
quired. His admission that he had
changed the specifications, after denying
the fact on a previous occasion, was an
admission that the expose by The Call
of the loose methods of doing business on
the water front by the State officials was
justified and not barren of results. Nor
ton promised to change no more specifi
cations in the future of his own volition,
the board quietly intimating that the au
thority to do so was vested absolutely in
it ae a legally constituted body. ¦
There were present at meeting yes
terday President Kilbutn. Commissioners
Kilpatrick and Mackenzie, Secretary
Bnglish and Engineer Norton. After the
transaction of routine business the chair
man called for the reading of Norton's
report. The report was couched in the
following language:
To the Honorable, the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners. — Gentlemen: I have the
honor to submit the following report in rela
'tion to the construction of the cylinder pier
wharves Noe. 19. 2i. 23 and 25. The two
former osm have, been finished. No. 23 is
under construction and pile drl\*ing in No. 25
Is now under way. These wharves have been
built as per plans and specifications adopted
by the board, with the exception of a few
minor details, namely: the length of piles
called for was found, when the. work of con
struction was commenced, to be too short:
they did not reach a foundation that would
sestain the load the wharf was required to
carry, therefore, longer piles .were substituted
that would give a safe and proper foundation.
TW« has been done in the wharves so far
built.
In the middle portion of pier No. 21 it. was
found the cylinders as called for In the plans
were too long and could not be driven without
Injuring the -cylinder. At this place they, were
made shorter and a deduction for the amount
of same made in the contract price.*
In pier No. 23 it was found that the length
of the cylinder as called for was too short, and
it was necessary to lengthen them to make
them available.
The -fcpeciflcations called for filling the
cylinders within twenty-two feet of the top
v.-nh sacks partially filled with concrete from
that depth up; they are pumped out before
filling with loose "concrete. I found the method
of filling: with eacked concrete did not fill the
-v olds between the piles and sacks caused seams
in the concrete which in my Judgment is unsat
isfactory and unsafe construction. Therefore,
this method was Improved on by putting forty
to fifty partially filled sacks of concrete in the
bottom of the cylinders to' shut off the mud
from mixing with the concrete, then a trim
mer was placed in the cylinder and the con
crete deposited in the bottom of the cylinder
through the trimmer, thereby doing away with
the sacks except the number placed in the
bottom to shut out the mud. As the expense
of using the trimmer is equal to the cost of the
concrete in eacks there was no saving by the
contractor in making this betterment. -
The specifications call for eighteen feet of
rxpended metal cylinder placed two feet be-
Itw the top of the cylinder extending, down.
In placing the lower portion of expanded metal
'after cylinders were pumped out twenty-two
feet) it was found in many, cases (owing' to
the irregular driving of the piles in the cylin
ders) that there was ' not room to place the
expanded metal cylinder and then have suffi
cient ep*ce left to tamp the concrete. The
workmen la.- an effort to get the concrete in
place would Jam the limber metal in a way
that caused \olds and unfilled e paces '. In the
concrete which resulted In a class of concrete
that destroyed the value of . the ¦¦ cylinder pier.
This, in my Judgment,, was too Important to
be allowed to continue. In cases of this kind,
the lower metal cylinders were omitted. From
extreme low tide to the top. of the- cylinder
Hers the expanded metal has been put in,
this portion of the cylinder being exposed to
the bumping and chafing of drift logs and
the portion that would derive , benefit by the
reinforcing of the expanded met* I.
The unused expanded metal is the property
ct the SUtte: the contractor would- not be bene
fited by ttje portion that was not. used. in
plw? Nos. 10 and 21. in the interior portion
of the wharves, the water was shallow,' 'and
to obtain a depth of two feet belpw the mud
line did not require but a depth of eighteen
to twenty-two feet in the cylinder, and in these
«nou«h sacked concrete was used to I prevent j
" the mud from mixing with the concrete, and :
th» cylinders were pumped dry and filled with
concrete a« per plans and specifications.) ~ -
The authority for the increasing a8* dlmln-
Overture. Hyne's orchestra; tenor solo
"A Rose In Heaven," Mr. J. Harris. "A
Modern Proposal." .dialogue in one act
cast: Eleanor van Dyke, Miss L. Herzog :
Nelson Robertson. Robert Lawler; time
the p/esent. Barytone solo. Oscar M*
Frank; piano solo. Miss Evelyn Jeanson;
soprano solo, Mrs.'' M. ' Warshauer.
¦ The Alumni Association of the Lincoln
evening school gave, its .first, grand en
tertainment and dance last night at Gold
en Gate .Hall. The hall was prettily
decorated .with blue and white bunting
A large crowd enjoyed the evening. Danc
ing followed the entertainment. The pro
gramme was as follows: " . ...
Lincoln Alumni Dance.
.- Beginning on June 15 next will Inaugurate a
new limited train service between Chicago, New
York and Boston, ¦ leaving Chicago at 10 :30
every morning and arriving . in • New York at
3:30 the next afternoon, with a Boston sleeper
reaching there the second evening. Travelers
going East wili find in this train everything
that comfort and luxury can suggest or de
mand — Pullman drawing-room sleeping cars of
the latest type; jinequaled dining-car service
with meals at popular pH»es; fast time over a
track made perfect with rock ballast and made
mzc by the operation of the block signal and
interlocking system. ' : ¦ '
If you have not seen the beautiful valleys of
the Susquehanna and Delaware rivers tra
versed by the Erie you have missed one of
the most delightful sections of the East
Be sure that your iickets read via the Erie
Railroad. . ,
The Erie Railroad.
Two trains were necessary to convey
the families and "friends of the. Employing
Printers' Association to Mirabel ¦ Park,
Sonoma County, yesterday. It was the
annual picnic of the organization, and,
like previous outings, was marked by an
orderly attendance. All those . who at
tended enjoyed themselves. Nothing hap
pened to mar the day. Games were omit
ted this year,. and the picnickers devoted
their leisure to dancing'and strolling over
the beautiful, grounds. ...
The reception committee was composed
of representatives. of the following firms:
Dempster Bros.,, Frank Eastman & \Co
George D. Graham, W. C. Hartle, Horwlnskt
Brtte., E. C. Hughes. W. E. Heinlcke. John
Kitchen Jr., J. R. Lafontalne; M. V. Lacaze
W. E. Loy, L. Lacaze. Mutual Label and
Lithograph : Company, Martin & • Martin. R.
Munk. Meyer ¦ Printing -Company, • Frank ! Mal
loye. C. Marzo & Co.. C. W. Nevin & Co..- R
R. Patterson.. Payne .Art and Printing Com
pany, W. R. Phillips, Pacific States Type
Foundry. T. K. Phillips, J. W. Roberts, Reed
& Goodman, Stuetzel & Co., E. J. Shattuck &
Co.. -Joseph M. Torres, Union Photo-Engraving
Company, J. ; S. W'andewater. Wilcox & Co
Yosemtte Engraving 'Company and Zellerbac'h
& Sons. • <
bel Park Is Largely, At
tended.
Theii Third Annual Outing at Mira-
EMPLOYING PRINTERS :
HOLD A FAMILY PICNIC
"I felt that my reputation was at stake,
and that the changes were an absolute
necessity," went on Norton. "As I have
pointed out, the work -was unsatisfactory
and I deemed it to be my duty as engin
eer to improve it if I could. In order to
prevent improper work from being done
I ordered certain changes in the specifi
cations. I now admit I was wrong in
doing so, and I assure you that it shall
not happen again."
With the filing by Norton next .Wed
nesday of his supplemental report giving
the data demanded by Kirkpatrlck the in
quiry by the board will probably end.
Both Kilb'urn and Kirkpatrick said after
the meeting that they ascribed no ulterior
motives to Norton in making the changes
pointed out by The Call, but that he had
simply erred in failln? to notify . the
board: Nevertheless, the cost and saving
effected by the changes would be rigidly
scrutinized, and if it were found that any
one profited by the changes summary ac
tion would be taken by the board. The
Commissioners will meet again next Wed
nesday mornlner.
. '. ¦ ' • -¦ -•¦ m ¦ ; ¦ -¦¦ U '¦ •V'^
• ... ¦ - ' ¦ ' .*-'-«.-. - 11 **-
reaped any " financial , benefit ~ thefe
from. Where the piles ¦ were short
ened, the contractor was required to
make suitable allowance, and where piles
of greater length than was called-for -by
the specifications j/tte used the con
tractor, was to be Wowed the excess of
cost over the price allowed In his bid-
Taking one with another, the cost- of the
work was not increased by the changes,
but on the contrary a saving to the State
was effected, not to speak of the #im
provement in the character of the work.
This brought J. Alex Watt to his feet
In a hurry; He said that this resolution
was a deliberate slap at Mr. Loud, who
had represented his dictrict in Congress
and had its support for many years; that
Mr. Loud held the respect of every one
and had been head of postal affairs in
Refolved That the secretary notify our Con
gressional delegation, also Hon.' J. B. Hender
son. Speaker of the House of Representatives
Sera tor Loflge ar.d Representative William Al
den Smith of the action taken by this body
Whereas, Senator Lodge of Massachusetts
and Representative William AldenSmUh of
«4 c . hl^ n have introduced bllla in the Senate
JtT , 6270) Providing for the Increase of
tha pay of letter carriers; therefore be it
Rfcsolyed.-Thatwe. the Republican State
Committee, indorse said bill and ask for its
speedy passage. -
THE LOUD INCIDENT.
th^olloSing^ J - Smlth lntr^«ced
Resolved, That the Republican newspapers
of C a ,y fornta be, and *hey are hereby each
and all requested and urged to bring the mat
ter of registration to the attention of their
%?2MnS5F t0 £ reSS Upon them the necessity
of giving the matter prompt attention.
Resolved. That . all Republican clubs and
particularly those affiliated with the national
league, be, and they are hereby respectfully
invited to Join the county committees or to
proceed on their own behalf In the endeavor to
Induce an. early and full registration through
out the State.
Resolved, That the various county commit
tees be requested to take up the matter of
registration in their sevrral counties and to
put forth energetic and diligent efforts to In
duce the voters to secure without delay the
right to cast a ballot at the coming primary and
State- elections.
Resolved, That it be and is hereby made the
duty of. every member of this committee to
give the matter of registration his immediate
and . earnest attention.
Whereas. This committee recognizes that the
work of its executive committee in bringing
the matter of registration to the attention of
voters has resulted in considerable Increase in
that direction, yet it is apparent that a more
extended effort is required; now, therefore
be it
Whereas, The State Central Committee of
the Republican party of the State of California
regards with well-founded apprehension and
anxiety the lack of registration on the part of
the voters of the State; and
W. S, Wood introduced the following
resolution touching registration, which
was unanimously adopted:
TOUCHING REGISTRATION.
W. M. ' Cut?er, In reply to Mr. Watt,
stated that the committee did not want
to take away the rights of any one; that
the call .was. purely a recommendation
and should be passed 'as a whole in order
to .place the committee right.
Atter long 1 arguments by Watt. H. C.
Dibble, C. M.' Belshaw, v Edmund M.
Burke, T. C. Hocking and A. B. Lem
meit the call as recommended by the ex
ecutive committee was adopted. The text
of the document was published in yester
day's Call. t : ". ...
to the State convention from each Congressional
district shall respectively meet for the organi
zation of a Congressional district convention of
said city of ' prior to the final ad
journment of . said State convention, and nom
inate : a: candidate tor Representative t in Con*
Kress, and . provide f or, , the selection of a. Con
gTesstpnar--dlstriQt-'trominittee or ¦ -adjourn ta
su'cii other .tipie and place as may ,be v .deter
mined upon for ' that purpose; - ¦: ¦'¦ -.'•?•.• t
George C. Ross of- San Mateo had th#
?hT/wirr no \ s a^^i-ar^pS
wa? e c£3ed n WaS IOSt ' and thC resolu «on
to do politics I will give you a resoiuTior7
thereupon he Introduced the following-
Revived. That a special committee of flva
Governor, and the administration otthe Stfti
Prison at San Quentln and that said eomnfit
tee be directed to report at anidjotnied m^t"
ins of the State Central Committed "™ b- kTm
at this hall on Saturday June ? 1^ at «
ocJock.p. m. ¦' "^ Bl *
On a motion this resolution was placed
on the table and the-meeUngon a quick
adjourned.^ (?1 McKln . ley ot **>* MS3
A. B. Truman considered that the reso
lE U ?^ was PJ°P« rl y before the committee^
that it was right, and that the Republican
party as the friend of the laboring classes
should declare in favor of the increase
Tax Collector Smith, who had presented
the resolution, said he had not introduced
the resolution as a -slap at Mr Loud i a«
he esteemed him highly, but a["thf desire
StatfiAiSt 01 " 1^" of the T *«** !
Watt replied that the secretary himself
wasout of order and concluded by saylnr
that the resolution should not be adopted
tS w^ 3 ?J, akln S P oIItl cs against one roan.
k H- ¦-& ,P ibble s ai d h e felt that it had
been bad policy to introduce the resolu
tion, but that It would be worse to turn
it down. He quoted the resolutions • that
had been passed lately in San Jose and
considered that the letter carriers' pay
was entirely inadequate. In the coursi
of his remarks he intimated that a pres
sure to protect the allowance \o railroads
wh»n C h a « r t y !5f . th f. mail s was the obstacle
which stood in the way of an increase or
pay for the letter carriers.
C. M. Belshaw maintained that the res
olution ought to be referred to the Stats
convention, as the committee was no
place for Its consideration. He was in
favor of increasing the pay of the car
riers. The convention at San Jose had
expressed the sentiment of the party S
favor of Increase. v<"ijr »n
WARM DISCUSSION.
Watt was again stopped by Secretary
Cutter calling him out of order.
Mr. Watt, however, continued to ex
claim that the resolution had been intro
duced to bring prejudice against Mr.
Loud through the press, and that the com
mittee had no right to entertain such a
resolution. -*
,The chairman considered the point well
taken and warned Mr. Watt to stay with
in his province. •¦ ¦ - ¦
Congress for a number of years, conduct-
Ing that legislation with exceptional abil
ity; that he had been elected to Congress
.five times, only^o get a slap in the face
from this committee. . . • ,
Ed Smith at this point rose to a point
¦of-^order^.aixi.satd that the matter before
the .house was not against Mr. Loud,
whom he esteemed highly, but was In
troduced, to benefit the overworked letter
carriers.* •¦ . ; : •
Judge Fritz yesterday instructed the
police to arrest all men who live off fallen
women In Bacon place and said from the
bench that the people of the. city would
derive, great. benefit if that class of men
were all driven out of the community.-
He. woultl be, prepared at -any.' time to
sign, the warrants for their arrest on
charges of vagrancy, he-Fald.
The judge's action arose out of the cans
of. Michel Guillaume. arrested by Police
man. Peters on a charge / of. vagrancy.
Peters testified that the defendant, lived
off .the earnings of Mary Duboce, a wo
man in Bacon place, and that there were
about thirty others of the same kind. At
torney > Van Nostrand while cross-exam
ining Peters ! asked if the arrest was not
caused bv the fact that the defendant
had refused to give Peters from $3 to $5
peKweek any longer, to: which Peters
gave an indignant denial,. saying he had
never received any ! money from the ' de
fendant. " ¦ :¦:; ¦'¦ - ¦::. - :
'The- Judge asked the 'defendant If he
had ever \ paid money to -Peters or any
other officer and under instructions of his
attorney he to- answer, as it
might incriminate, him. The Judge thought
¦ in justice to -.the officer", the I statement
should ,. be • made ¦ now,' but the attorney
said it « would be tlme'enough when the
case came "before a Jury. ¦ ¦' ' .-- •
- .The Judge ; then* continued the case " till
POLICEMAN DENIES THAT
HE ACCEPTED A BRIBE
judge Fritz Wants a Certain Class of
. -""^, Men Driven Out of the
.>: ' ¦ . ¦ City. '. '¦ ' '¦ ' ¦.
That in view of the redistrlcting of the State
into t eight Congressional districts, and there
being no Congressional district committees
which represent fully the. new districts it i«
recommended that the delegates to the State
convention shall constitute the Congressional
district conventions for the nomination of
candidates for Representative " in Congress for
their respective districts as provided in section
1361 of the Political Code, and^sald delegates
The committee was called to order by
the chairman. George Stone, at 2 o'clock
at Golden Gate Hail, and after v lhe roll
call of the executive and State Central
committees the secretary, W. M. Cutter.
I proceeded to present the text of. the call
for Republican .State and district conven
tions, which included an amendment
pouching the Fifty-second Assembly Dis
trict, wherein, by . . mistake, Alameda
I County, and the town of Berkeley were
given. two delegates and all that portion
of the city of Oakland lying within said
Assembly District was given eight,
whereas they, should have been consoli
dated and given ten.. This amendment
was carried during the reading of the call
As soon as the secretary finished, W. S
Wood moved that where the space was
left- vacant for the date of the convention
the 25th of August should be Inserted and
Secretary. Cutter moved that Sacramento
should fill 1 in the blank left for the city
where the convention should be held.
Both of these motions were unanimously
carried. . ' *
A. B. Truman then made a motion that
the- call' as amended should be adopted
ar.d .here the first hitch occurred. J a'
Watt of San Francisco wanted that part
of the call as recommended which reads
as follows stricken out: . \
The meeting of the Republican State
Committee called many of, the well known
public men to the city. There was the
usual number of proxies at the commit
tee session. Max Goldberg, was repre
sented in the person of Henry C. Dibble.
Judge McKinley of Los^igeles had a fine
bunch' of proxies, but ne did not bring
Ms rapid typewriting machine into action.
A. B. Truman had the proxy of J. C
Bull of Humboldt. .
George A. Knight has just returned
from Humboldt County. He remarked
yesterday tnat he had but one political
fight in view, and that one was In behalf
of -George C. Perkins' re-election to the
United States Senate. Knight said:
"There is not an iota of foundation for
the story that 1> intend to get into the
fight for Governor. I have no political
ambition, and I would not accept the of
fice under - any consideration. I am f pi
Perkins for the .Senate, and you can say
so In The Call:; and you'ean say that I
an . not— a ; candi*t«..f.Qri<5avenior-»-<or~any
other "Office. Neither am--l> a candidate
for chairman of ; the' Bepubllcan ' State
Convention,- and if chosen -I. -would: not
preside." ' '•' -¦ . ;" ~. ¦ "-. -
There was quite a throng of well knov/n
Calif ornians in the Palace Court yester
day. Among the onlookers were- Senator
Corlett of Napa, A. J. Johnston" and Frank,
D. Ryan of Sacramento, J, \V. McKinley;
C. W. Pendleton and/Robert D. Wade,
Recorder. Los Angeles; Harold T.' Power,
Placer; B. C. Voorheis v and - John F.
Davis, Amador; Assemblyman Dunlap,
Sar. Joaquin; Charles T. Elliott, Stanis
laus; J. W.-Rea, Santa Clara; J. R.
Knowland, Alameda; Major Frank Me-
Laughlin, Santa Cruz; Daniel Kevane
and W. H. Davis, Sacramento; W. M.
Cutter, Yuba;- A. - Hocheimer. Willows;
A. B. Lemmon and W. F. Price, Sonoma;
CM. Belshaw, Contra Costa; Stephen
Kelley,. San Bernardino; Edmund M.
Burke, Santa Barbara; George T. Ross,
San Mateo; Dr. Thomas Flint and Thom
as Flint, Jr.. San Benito.
KNIGHT'S FIGHT.
It Is practically settled, moreover, that
the - Republican citizens who , are now
waging . a battle for clean government
and honest administration of State af
fairs will organize the convention by
electing as chairman the Hon. Jacob H
Neff. of Placer. The despondent and de
moralized supporters of the Gage ma
chine may not put forward, an opposi
tion . candidate. The indications are - that
Gage's candidacy, will be an Incident of
the past before the, convention as
sembles.
The retirement of Gage, however, will
not signify (the utter collapse of the ma
chine. The 'scattered Gagellngs will prob
ably rally around some ottier aspirant in
the boss camp. Last night the report
was . current., in political circles that
Johnny Mackenzie had been assigned to
the duty of managing the flght for the
machine forces in Sari Francisco. It was
said that Dan Burns had- positively re
fused to manage the Gage fight in this
city. Another version of the story was
that Burns had not declined to manage
Gage's fight, but that the Governor's ad
visers had strenuously objected to tne
Burns management, and therefore the
selection of Mackenzie to rally .the push.
vThe immediate friefhds and counselors of
Burns are extremely bitter against
Herrin. . '
- . -. ' / • can State. 'Committee at
Golden Gate Hall yesterday provides that
delegates shall be chosen 'ay primary
election. The scheme of the bosses to
pack the convention with appointed del
egates received its quietus. The ¦ right
of- Republican voters -to a voice in the
management, of party affairs is recog
nized-by the governing body of the party.
"fT-^v ¦ ELEGATES to the^ Republican
Mr . B "State Convention will assem-
B Hi bIe at Sacramento ou Monday,
B M* ¦ August 25, at 2 p. m. The
SL^^^ call adopted by the Repubil-
Albert Albright, a grocer's clerk, who
almost lost his life when Walter Johnson
was drowned, told a graphic story to the
Coroner'^ jury yesterday morning In
which he described the most thrilling
episode of his experience. . ...
He was taking a walk, he said, along
the seawall on the . evening of May G
when he saw a naphtha launch, the
Scout, at a landing place about to start
for a vessel in the stream. Walter
Johnson, a nineteen-year-old boy, was
engineer, and the other • occupant was
captain of the British bark Socotra, which
was' then lying in the stream. Albright
asked them to give him a ride, and/they
consented. When the launch was within
one hundred.', yards of the ship the en
gine broke down and in response to their
signals of distress a boat put out from
the Socotra and took oft the captain and
his luggage. Johnson and Albright
begged the captain to help them on
board or send a boat, to -land them ashore,
the launch being unmanageable, but the
captain heartlessly refused. Finally .they
hauled up the anchor and paddled toward
the wharves, but they made but little
headway and were* obliged to let go the
anchor again. Albright warned Johns Dn
that the launch was lying' directly in the
track of the Sausalito ferry-boat, but
Johnson Insisted that he ! was mistaken
and refused to hoist the anchor. ' Shortly
afterward Albright saw the lights of the
steamer Tamalpais bearings down . upon
them and he tried to attract attention by
burning a newspaper,' but the wind blew
out his matches, and -there being no
lights on the launch, the steamer struck
the frallcraft upsetting It and throwing
it aside. Albright had not had time to
take off his coat or shoes and sank sev
eral feet below the surface of the 'waves.
Being a good swimmer he rose again and
caught hold of the bottom of the launch.
At that moment the paddle wheel of the
Tamalpais struck the launch, and broke
It into a thousand pieces. Johnson was
.hanging on near the engine -at the time
and must have .been struck by the wheel,
for Albrierht never saw him again.' Al
bright held on to a floating piece of wood
until rescued by a boat that. had put out
from the ¦ steamer. . . ; .
The jury -rendered a verdict of-acci
dent.. .. .";..;. -,. - i • i KV-. ¦ ¦ --¦L.-\.- ¦
¦::• In the cas».oli£jrnest Bro/wn.vwho^was
f ound«;deair: at^ fe^iai&Allisfer^stfeeiron
May 22i;-^ith,a/)uHet 'woundHrt^hls left
breast; 1 a verdict of .-suicide, was rendered.
Brown' had raised vhia'uiidershirrv and
placed the muzzle of the revolver against
his nak_ed breast.- ¦¦._>-.: .-.: \ - . v .;•
Launch Scout Struck
and Broken Into
Kindling.
Letter Carriers 9 Pay
-^Causes Slight
Scare.
Describes Johnson's
EndinNight'sDark* :
] ened Waters. r
All Delegates Must
Be Elected by i
People.
Recites Thrilling Tale
of Collision on
the Bay. \
SOME WELL-KNOWN POLITICIANS WHO WERE VERY MUCH IN '
EVIDENCE YESTERDAY. AT THE MEETING OF THE REPUBLICAN
STATE' CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
CALL FOR THE CONVENTION
AT SACRAMENTO IN AUGUST
ADOPTED BY REPUBLICANS
ALBRIGHT
TEIMS OB
TRAGEDY
SAN FRANCISCO, SU3s T pAY, V MAY 25, 1902.no_textno_textno_textno_textGeneral Oliver O. Howard says that "of
the twenty-seven commanders of the
Union armies during the Civil War only
two survive— General Schofleld and him
self. ¦" ¦•¦ ¦ ¦ '„ ¦ .'¦ ¦¦ :-;
Myers for the price, which has been re
ported at $65,000, but the true considera
tion is believed to be considerably less.
This property was bought by Mr. Davis
about eight months ago for $58,000. Burn
ham & Marsh Company were the brokers
to effect- the sale. The- same firm has
also sold to A. . D. Carvlll for account of
Mr. Layng the lot 46x120 on the south line
of Fell street, and 137:6 west of Buchan
an with three houses renting ,for $90 per
month, for $10,000: also the -22:11 by 120
on the south line of Bush street,. 130 feet
west of Grant avenue, for W. W. Thomp
son to William Wankowski for $10,000;
also. the residence on. the south line of
Post street, 113 feet -east of Webster, for
,Mrs..M. S. Smith to Mrs. A. C. Brouch
oud for $5500. . ,". - ¦ ; .
On account of increased business A. E.
Buckingham has been compelled to en
large his office space. by taking the ad
joining room, . No. - 10, 26 Montgomery
street. - - • ¦ .. • .....•-
Easton. Eldrldge & Co., announce their
next. semi-monthly .auction sale- of city
properties for Tuesday, June 3, 1902, at
which desirable properties will be offered.
A full list of the same will be found m
the real estate columns of this issue.
Sixty, years ago Paris had only one post
offlce.. . :._; , • -..., -. ,' ../..„. , .- ¦ •
On one of his trips he , was the compan
ion of ¦ Joe Meek, the well-known his
torian. ¦ . ...-
Mr. W. M. Campbell,, the eldest son, by
a strange coincidence, left Honolulu on
the day of his father's death for the pur
pose of meeting his father in Seattle and
was only apprised of the sad fact of his
death on his arrival in San Francisco by
receiving a telegram at the Grand Hotel,
where he is now registered.
Mr. Campbell was married .January 6,
1854, to Miss Jane Matlock. They had four
children, Hector L., William M. (twins),
Frank W. and Herbert H. Mrs. Camp
bell died in 1866. Mr. Campbell was mar
ried again in 1869- and his • wife survives
him. , Th& children of this, marriage are
Callie B., Thomas M., George C. and An
nie J. Mr. Campbell for years was con
nected as civil engineer with the State
Surveyor's office of Oregon, and surveyed
a large portion of that State. He was
later elected County Surveyor for seven
teen consecutive terms. He was 'also
chief engineer of the first railroad built
through Oregon from Portland to Ross
burg. Mr. Campbell spent . the laat two
years of his life in the preparation of his
autobiography, that when published Is
bound to prove most interesting, as dur
ing the forties he crossed the plains -three
times and had many thrilling experiences
with the Indians and buffalo.- -'
He and his brother William left home
for the far Northwest in April, 1846. On
October. 10 they arrived at the mission of
Dr. Whitman in the Walla Walla Val
ley. He was very Intimate with- Whit
man and was present at the well-known
massacre of the Whitman family. He left
Oregon City in April, . 1847, for Massachu
setts, where he arrived September- 16 of
the same year. In 1848 he piloted his
father's family to Oregon,, and had most
thrilling experiences and hairbreadth es
capes. , '. ¦•¦¦...•
Mr. Campbell was born February 3, 1824,
in Chester, Hampden County, Mass. He
was the seventh son of Hector and Olive
Campbell, who were natives of Scotland.
The family consisted- of eleven children.
His . father served as Probate Judge I for
many years and had much to do with the
making of the laws of Oregon. At the
age of 20 Samuel Campbell graduated
from the State-, University of Massachu
setts' and began teaching ' in district
schools.' . • ; .
t ' ••* * " • ' S ;
Samuel' L. Campbell, one of the oldest
and most prominent of the pioneers of t,he
Northwest, died on Tuesday at the res
idence of his son, George C. Campbell, in
Seattle. The disease to which he suc
cumbed .was cancer, from, which he had
been suffering for the past two years.,
in Seattler
S. L. Campbell, a Companion
I of Wnitman; Expires 1
DEATH OF PIONEER
The flowers that are not In root will be
taken to-day to the Presidio Hospital and
distributed among the soldier invalids. : .
Before the closing of the exhibition Mr.
Smith distributed the prizes and' offered
a few words of congratulation and en
couragement to the successful competi
tors.
In view of the threatened and ruthless
extinction of the wild flowers of Califor
nia, Emory E. Smith, president of. the so
ciety, gaye out last evening the determin
ation of the officers and members to en
courage the children of the State to care
for and protect the meadow and moun
tain flora. The first step in showing ap
preciation in that important direction was
taken last evening when little Miss . Lou
isa Dorothy Bestery received the society's
ribbon and clasp for the school children's
wild flower exhibit. Furthermore, next
year it is the intention of the society to
offer the children special prizes for wild
flowers. Mr. Smith, Mrs. J. R. Martin,
Mrs. W. S. Chandler, Mrs. L..' O. Hodg
kins will take that special matter in
hand and the exhibit, it is hoped, will be
one of the main features of future flower
shows. ' ¦ :
There were many regrets expressed last
night when the annual ' spring exhibition
oi the. California . State Floral Society
brought its fine show tp a close. The
ladies, however, who have been indefati
gable in their efforts to present the city
with a floral display that could not be
excelled in any part of the world,
breathed a long sigh of relief as the last
notes ¦ of "The . Star-spangled Banner"
were played by the band of the Pensa
coia, tor it meant to them a : respite for
a year from those arduous duties attend
ant on a public function of such magnl»
tude, and^ responsibility. v»- ! .
The crush aurinsj the day spoke the ap
preciation of the citizens; the attendance
of those connected with the public schools
and institutions was testimony to the im
portance of the remarkable show from in
educational standpoint, and the presence
of so many engaged in the study of bot
any was evidence of the usefulness and
value of the varied display. ¦ • :¦¦-,
Though it was the lasi day there were
ihcse who felt the exhibition of so great
hnportance as to send further exhibits for
inspection. Among the late senders was
Dr. Harry L. Tevis, who exhibited an ex
quisite lot of Spanish iris. The doctor
¦was rewarded with a silver medal for the
dainty arrangement and variety of his
exhibit. A diploma was, awarded Paul
Morris for Mariposa County for the
llowers sent, and Mrs. J. Cook of Yosem
ite Valley for her rare exhibit of wild
flowers also received the. '.society's di
ploma. George B. Jones of Sausalito won
a diploma for a vase of beautiful Captain
Christie roses, and a certificate of merit
was awarded Mrs. Joseph Sexton of
Santa Barbara for her exhibit of outdoor
grown tropical fruits and flowers.
The - northwest i corner of Sutter street
and Grant avenue with lot 30x40, and > the
four-story and basement brick building,
has been sold.. by ; K- A. Davis to Henry
The balance of the property has been
subdivided into lots averaging 25x100 feet
each, and there are. 120 lots of this size.
This will give a great opportunity to per
sons of ' limited means to secure bargains
in lots, either for home purposes or,
speculation. : The Aehbury : street line of
the- San Mateo electric road passes in
front of the property, and the Masonic
avenue and Haight street lines are only a
few blocks away, from it. . Arrangements
have been made with the • Hlbernia . Bank
to lend one-half of the price at which the
lots are sold ¦ to purchasers, and' the ab
stract of title has been submitted to To
bln & Tobln, attorneys for the bank, who
will issue certificates of title to purchas
ers at the rate of $5 per lot. ;
The • property belonging to the Arctic
Oil Works, consisting of Potrero blocks
Nos. 422 and ' 423, having a frontage of
400 -feet on the easterly line of Illinois
street with a depth of 400 feet Into Central
Basin, has . been placed in the . hands ; of
Baldwin & Howell, with instructions ' to
sell at a price approximating ;/ $300 ,609.
There are fine concrete warehouses on the
property, and it has great value -by .rea
son, of the fact that it: is situated. on, the^
line of ; the Santa Fe road and-the South
ern Pacific ralllroad and has a most»ad
vantageous water - frontage. ,,
Baldwin &, Ho well report a number of
inquiries for the unsold lots In San Mateo
Park.- The last sale was made to Tax
Collector E. J. Smith, who paid . $1200 \ for
lot No. M. nrontinr on Poplar avenue near
the county road.\ . ...•;.,
J 'DAVIS BXTsrS PBOPBIITY.
PK.0PEETY BTTBDIVIDED.
Surveyors have completed the survey of
the 197 ¦ lots belonging to the estate of
Adolph Sutro. which are to be sold at
auction on Thursday, June 5, 1902, .by
Baldwin & Howell -under instructions
from Dr. Emma L. Merrltt and ; W. H.
Adamson, the executors of the estate. It
has been decided to sell two pieces of. the
property as a whole instead of offering
them in subdivisions. One of the pieces
consists of thirty lots fronting on Six
teenth street and Upper. Terrace, and the
other, tract contains forty-four lota which
surround the statue of liberty presented
to the • city by the late Adolph Sutro .in
1887. . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ .' .. ' i .--¦¦¦'¦'
A year ago H. E. Law bought the south
west corner of Mission and New Mont
gomery streets. Ah eight-story steer of
fice structure is now being erected on that
site, which will be second to no building
west of Chicago. Mr. Law's brother, Dr.
Hartland Law, seeing that there was a
keen demand for offices in this section,
has just purchased the old Wells-Fargo
building, on the northeast corner of Mis
sion and New Montgomery streets and
running from Jessie street to Mission
street, 160 feet front by a depth of 140
feet. This building was erected by Wil
liam Sharon for the Wells-Fargo Express
Company, which formerly occupied it.
Wells, Fargo & Co. before leaving tried
to buy this property, but failed: Before
Mr; Huntington"s death the Southern Pa
cific considered the purchase of this prop
erty for their general offices. Now Dr.
Law has secured the property, and he
proposes to add two stories immediately
and turn the building Into a class A
building for offices, •
New Montgomery street appears to
these gentlemen to be the Dearborn street
of San Francisco. It is the natural con
tinuation of Montgomery street and of
Post street; and its legitimate name is
Montgomery street South. These gentle
men believe that it will be Just such a
street as Montgomery street in the char
acter of the business that will be carried
on there.
DEMAND FOB OFFICES.
25 by 120 on east line of Ninth avenue, 200
feet north of I street, for $1200; 25 by J20 on
E line of ¦¦ Eleventh avenue, 275 feet south of
Point Lobos avenue, for $800; 75 by 120 on ea;jt
lin- of Forty-eighth avenue. 100 feet north of
J street, for $1350; one-story cottage and lot
on southeast line of Lisbon street. -between
Brazil and Persia avenues, in the Excelsior
Homestead, for $1400; 25 by 100 on N line of
J street, 107:6 feet east of Forty-eighth ave
nue for $450; 25 by 120 on east line of Eighth
avenue, 17R feet north of K street, for $850:
150 by 100 on Lisbon street, in block 17 of the
F.xcelslor Homestead. $1500; 100 by 100 on
Edinburgh street. In block 37 of the Excelsior
Homestead, for $1000; six. lots in O. L. block
726 for $1200; lot 27:3 by 137 :« on north line
of Sutter street, between Buchanan and Web
uter streets, with two-story house of -2 flats,
from Mrs. 8. Asherson to Mrs. J. Bernstein,
for $9250 " :
Marshall- Pomeroy. of San Jose. has sold
to Mrs. Mary-r.' Barron-his<-property on
the north side of Market street between
Mason and j Taylor -and fronting . twenty-
Ave.feet on Market street by an average
depth. of 133 feet back to and fronting
twenty-nine feet three Inches on Turk
street, with two-story, frame buildings,
for 1160,000. / . - . t , .
The purchaser owns the adjoining" lot
on Market street, and the purchase of
this property adds to the frontage, and
gives her a very desirable investment. . .
As the property is under lease the pur
chaser will not improve the property.
Thomas Magee & Sons were the real es
tate agents who made the sale.
The Palace Hotel contemplates the ad
dition of two stories in the | immediate
future and changing all of the new Mont
gomery street front. When 5 the street
is renewed and the bridge across New
Montgomery street removed and this
first block modernized New Montgomery
street will be an important thoroughr
fare. Thomas Magee & Sons were the
brokers.
Sol Getz & Brother made the following
sales: , ;
MANY SMALL SALES.
For account Mrs. L. B. Moulder, the lot an.1
residence on the north line of Bush street. 165:0
fe»t west of Mason street, 40:9 by 137:6 feet.'
for $18,000; for account Louis Leiser, lot and
building consisting of store and two flats, on
the north line of McAllister street, 197:6 feet
east of Webster .street, 30 by 137:6 feet, for
$12,000; for account L. B. Radgesky, lot and
improvements consisting of ' four flats, north
line of Twenty-second street. 215 feet west of
Valencia street. 65 by 114 feet, for $10,000; for
account F. F. Ryer. lot on south line of Jack
son street. 00 feet east of Octavia street. 47:6
by 127:8 Vi feet, for $S650;.for. account the
Anglo-Callfornian Bank, the lot and Improve
ments on the north line of Broadway, 115:6
feet east of Taylor street, 22 by 62:6 feet,
for S2500; for account Hobart Estate Company,
lot on west line of Guerrero street, 90 feet
south of Fourteenth street. 25- by 131:9 feet,,
fori$2200; for account Pacific States Savings,
Loan and Building Company, lot and cottage
cn south line of Clipper street. 229 feet west of
Sanchez street, 24:6 by 114 fe*.t, for $2100; for
account estate Samuel Lewis,, deceased lots
on north line of Sacramento street. 112 feet
west of Laurel street. 25 by. 127:814 feet, for
Sl!)00: th* purchaser. W. H. Bagge. will build
two handsome modern bay-wndow flats as soon
as the sale is completed; for account W. S.
Spinney, lot on west line of Pennsylvania ave
nue. 175 feet north of Sierra street, -25 by 200
feet, for $1500; for account Mrs. M. "H. In
wood. , lot on north line of Greenwich 6treet,
ISO feet west of Larkin street, 25 by 137:6
feot, for $1000. . ¦ .
This has been a very busy week for ¦ the
lease department of Shainwald. Buckbae &/Co.
They have negotiated a lease of- the El Mor>
tercy apartment house which Is being. con»
structed on the north side of Pine street, be
tween Leavenwortb and Hyde streets, on the
Bite of th« old Garnlas residence.. s\ This Is to
be a model building of its kind, of fireproof con
struction and containing 183 rooms in addi
tion to grill; etc. The lease Is for ten years
from date of completion and the rent Is $1200
per month. The same firm, has also negotiated
a lease ot the Woodwards Garden Pavilion to
Belarco, Thall et al.. for a period of fifteen
yea re. Extensive Improvements are contem
plated and in a short time this will be a prom
inent amusement center.- In addition- to the
above, the same, firm has leased the last re
maining floor In the Bishop building, 645 Mar
ket street formerly occupied by W. &• 3.
Sloane. to the Pacific Micro Materials Com
pany for a period of five years. .
The activity in real estate circles con
tinues. During the last week many im
portant sales were recorded by local deal
ers. Property of great value changed
hands and reports of improvements are,
made in many quarters of the city.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. report the
following sales:
Two More Stories May Be
• Added to* tHe Palace
Hotel. •
Dr. Harry L. Te vis Among the
Exhibitors Who Win
1 Medals.'
Big Crowd Attends Last
Day of the Spring
Carnival
Local Dealers Record
.; Many Important
Sales.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET ACTIVE
BIDS GOOD-BY
TO FLOWER SHOW
¦•-.:-- ¦ ¦•.'¦•;-¦¦...¦• -. . ¦ ¦ • ,' ' . ¦ ¦ - ¦ •'.--¦
t SA^ FCANGISGO CAili, SUNDAY,;; 25, M 1902.
32
NEW I ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAXLWAY TBAVEL.
¦'¦ ' Via Saunallto Ferry, • . ../
• *• Commencing April 21, iyo2 f ¦
FROM VB^Cgft™™*. VALLEY
ss^to'iai $&M ¥w¥&M PI
SUNDAYS— 7:00. ¦ 8:00 ! no.'OO, Jlioo.
11:80 a. m., 12:30, »l:30> 2:30, »3:45. 5:00 8 00
7:30, 9:45. 11:45 p. m.^ - ' !""'
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln ¦
FUOM SAN RAFAEL TOSAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3 :20 »6 :20, 7 :40. 8 .15, •9'3o
llToo a. m.. 12:25. 2:16. *3:Z0. 4:40. 5tl6. 1:45
10*15 P. m. ¦•¦.-¦••• :, --.:... ¦) ¦„¦ , . ,. - . •
SUNDAYS— 6:00. *8:00. 9:30. •11:00 *. m"
•12:00 mT. 1:00. 2:10. V3:30. 4:15. .5-45 6?43 #
7:30, 10:15 p. m. .. - ¦ '
Trains marked (•) start from San : Quentin .
FROM MILL VALLEY. TC | SAN. KRANCI8CO>
WEEK DAYS— 6:40. 6:40. 7:46, 8:25 9^is
11:10 a.' m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 6:1(5. s^rf..?;":
"bUN DAYS— 8:30, 7:65, 10:05. 11:10 a. mi
12:1V 1:20. 2:30. 3:46. 5:00, 6:05.. 7:15. 10 U0
P ' :^' THROUGH. TRAINS. ."..*
7:45 *. »• week . days— Casadero and ' way
stations. '• - ' '¦" -¦-¦'¦' ' ¦ ¦• ¦- . " . -, .- ¦
¦ 8:16 p, m. Saturday*— Casadero : and way
rtatlons. . >. j ¦¦'• '„¦¦-¦'¦,„ •• — ¦¦'•:.: . •¦
6:15 p. m. week . days (Saturday* exoepted)
—Tomales and way stations. ' . .. .
"'• 8:00 v a. m. Sunday* — Cazadero 'and war
trtaUon*. ;..•- • :¦• , ¦ {¦¦¦¦• ¦•.. ,; S .-„
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point) Reyes and Way
stations. 'V .:' ¦¦ •¦., ¦ .v /¦'.'•',>'*,¦¦- ¦¦
Legal Holiday boat* and. train* wiUrun on
Sunday time. . ' • ~- . • , . r
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Santa Fe .
Trains~Dauy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lima | Ovrl a L.ocal
Daily Daily 1 Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12 :2 r .p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05'a
" Vlsalia... 3:3:) p 5:00 a
" Bakersttd I 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a ......
"- Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p ......
a for morning, p (or afternoon.
9:C0 a. m. train Is the California Limited,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick,
eta are honored on this train. Correspqnd-
ine train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. .
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and | Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakeraneld Local, stopping
at all points, in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN fit CD
LiESSBBS ¦'•"- '¦'< V •¦¦-¦
U:i fF/NCISCt) ANJ rtilrfn PAGlFJi
RAILWAY COMPAJTY. '.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAA FRAXCISOO TO SA»l RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:80. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.J 12:35,
1 3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:50 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip* at
1:90 and 11:30 p. m.
BUND AYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 8:30.
6:00 6:20 p. m. . .
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35. 7:60. 9:20. 11:1ft
a. m.; 12:60. 3:40. 6:00, 6:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:65. 6:05. 6:25. p. m.
Leave { In ESect 1 Arrive
San Francisco I May 4, 1902. I San Francisco
Week I Sun- I DeEtina- I Eun- I Week
Days. I day*. 1 tlon. [ days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ignado 9:10 a 8:40 &
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:4 r a 10:20 a.
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:u5p 6:20 p
7:35 p|
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 0:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rot* 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:80 a Windsor 10:20 a
0:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
v Lytton
N GeyserviUe
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p 6:24 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland . 110:40 al 10:20 a
8:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a| WlUlts | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al GuernevlUe I 7:35 p|10:20 a
3:30 p| 6:00 p| |10:40 a| 6:20 p
7 :30a| 8:00^1 Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 6:00 p| Gkn Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 6
- 7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 6:00 p| I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for AHruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at GeyserviUe for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Boonevllle: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo.
Pctter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's
BuckneU's. Sanhedrln Heights. HullvlUe. Orr's
Hot Springs. Half-way House. Comptcbe,
Camp SUvens, Hopkins, Mendodno City, Fort
Bragg. Westport. U6al; at Willits for Sher-
wood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cummings,
Bell'c Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka. . ¦¦. . "
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at
reduced rates. ! .
On Sundays — Round-trip yckets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
.Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronlcls
building.
,-H. C. WHITING. ¦ , R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. ! Gen. Pass. Agt.
ICH/CACO
IK LESS TMAtt .'..'.
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 10 a, m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Pullman fourteen-section Drawlng-Koom
and. Private Compartment Observation
Bleeping Cars, with Telephone. Electric-
reading Lamps in -every Berth. Compart-
ment and Drawing- Room. Buffet, Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with • Barber and
Bath, Dining Cars — meals a la carte.
Electric-lighted, throughout. •-
Daily Tourist Car Service at 6 p.' 1 m.
and Personally conducted Excursion* every
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a, m. from
' San Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. Gen. Ag»nt Pacific Cot»t
Palace- Hotel ¦ 6an Francisco. .
IEEl[FCEt
i $1 per Year. .
commencing MONDAY NIGHT,
Every Night; including Sundays.
Matinee Saturday Only.
KATHRYN K1DDER,
In a Notable Revival of David Ganiclc's
"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Management of George H. Brennan.
Specially Selected Cast, Including- '
T 0 ?^™^^ 1 - Robert V. Ferguson.
T. C. Hamilton, i Marion Ashworta.
Monroe Salisbury. Olgu Fllnck
Seymour Stratton. Ellen Armond.
T. C; O'Brien. v H . L. Davidson.
Prices... ......" T.'.-yi BO. SI. 75c. BOc. 2Sa
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OT '
"OLD LAVENDER;"
Week Beginning: .TO-MORROW, (MONDAY
EVENING. •. *»Y« vaij
Notable Starring Engagement ot
MA UDE FEA L Y
- ¦ In the Original Version of
"THE L| jtLt MINISTER."
Founded on J. M. Barrle's Charming NowL
First Time on Any Stag* at
POPU^R PRICES...... 10c. 15c. 25c. BOc, TSo
Good Orchestra Seats. All Matinees. 25c.
TU-WIU11T— MATINEE SATURDAY.-
l^AT?N^THURSDAY-|gg &<>
Mr, James Neill & Co.
—BY SPECIAL REQUEST-
A- BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
' '• SEATS READY.
Next— SUNDAY. JUNE 1
XHE REDKNIGHT
By George ;H. Bro.»dhurat. : -•'
.- H r- ¦ ;: SEATS THURSDAY.'
|FISeHER?STHEAT E
; O'Farrell, bet. > Stockton and Powell St*.
, .; . -•-. Telephone Main 231.
THERE '••¦.:.*-r : T WHEN -
ARB TIMES I ONE IS
>AT A LOSS TO : KNOW WHAT TO DO
I-- ' JHAT IS.THE CASE WITH US. ' . ;
" FIDDLE DEE BEE''
¦Begin* the' Seventh -Week To-Morrow NlWht.*'
GENTR^Al^ ' theatre
¦— ' l * !^0mM@. Belasco.S- Thall.
MARKET ST.. NEAFJ 8TH. Phone South 1 B33. ¦/ ¦ * ;.
MATliNEE TO-DAY. TO-MCHT LAST TIME OF -
WQM /V1N /\G/\I1NSX WOM/\N.
To^-Morrow Evening, Every Evening Next Weelf. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
. SPECIAL MATINEE DECORATION DAY (NEXT /FRIDAY.* r
Elaborate Production of the MAipdramatlc Success of Two' Continents . -
HANDS ACROSS THE SEA
WITH A STRONG CAST— SCENIC ; .EFFECTS*OF RARE ¦••'.- ¦ '. '
: ¦ .\ ' PRirF^— BVENINGS-IOc, 15c, ?5c, 3£c, SOc.
, ¦ B%iVyl-O MATINBES-rlOc. I5c; 25c. : -¦ -.:. •• ,-X? .: - t >; .-;
.,_,., ... . •,.¦¦-. .• '; ¦ ¦ . ' ' ¦ The HoniEf of Farrco*' "
' TO-DAY^Matine? and.Eyening/and 111 Next (2d and Last) : Weefc . ; "
Special Matinee Decoration Day, Friday, May 30. :
LONDON. NEW TORK AND SAN- FRANCISCO'S BIGGEST FARCICAt HIT. ;
"BRIXTON BURGL 4RY/4
o .' ...... "- 1 — — - — -~ • ; * ¦••>•-¦ Cl
To-mom>w . Night and Ail '- Week— SPECIAL FEATURE-^BOTHWEIJl. BROWNE'S : ~
..ORIGINAL JUVENILE RAG iIME FLOhObOKA SEXTET
.. THE MOST NOVEL AND ENTERTAINING MUSICAL SPECIALTY THIS TEAR.
rKl^CQ mflTlNEp-lSc, ,a 5c . 3Sc and SOo
" '•" AMXTSEKTENTS.
15 Week Commencing THI3 AFTKR- C
q NOC'N. May 23. J
t 2 1 *! MATINEE FRIDAT, DECO- 9
j • RATION DAY.) • •
I VAUDiviLlTTviAGNATis I
© : . ¦ — — : — ' — : — a
q . America's Most Original Comedian, %
| PETER F. DAILEY - •
m And' Cgmpany. Presenting "A Dress o
|-'S ' . Rehearsal.'? *T
I STUART BARNES, |
0 Monologlst and Parodist. 0
I The TWO LITTLE PUCKS I
O America's Cleverest Juvenile Artists. %
S t SAGER GERTIE S
• MIDGLEY AND CARLISLE I
© Ins New Skit. '.'After School." #
I '^nA^lSfolirr !
• v "The Quaint Country Olrf." •
lifijnLTELsiEi |
• #¦';":";" Tbe American Jjotta*. 0
fioWISrfclSf |
q •'"-.- Blackface Comedians. 0
1^ SFinOGRAPH^ |
q Showing the Latest Noveltlea. 0
o -~- -n -^-^- — r^"^ —^t — "**?-. •
Q La3t W«lt of ta» O
1 8-PIGGHiANI SISTERS-8 |
q " '".- v Acrobatic Marvels. ' . O
O — s. .,«
8 Parquet, any Beat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; O
¦ Children. 10c. any part except reserved, a
A - A few front -Orchestra rows, resenred. X
X 50o; front rows of Balcony, reserved. *?
O-23c ; >;-.r. , . . ¦•• o
• : :- '¦:. - - ' I o
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP— MATINXB SAT-
tlRDAT AT 2 SHARP. ,
HOME OP "AMERICA'S REPRESEliTATrVB
; , CQMIC -OPERA COMPANT.
MONDAY, May -. 28. LAST VTEEK. of the.
Charming Muelcal and Comedy' Bit.
THE
Toxr ynijL, certatnlt regret it, w
tou :let these last chances go by
and do not call on thb singtng
GIRIa ¦- ™-i ' . ' - ¦ ¦
AN ENTERTAININO PVBNDTQ ASSURED.
MONDAY. Jnae M. COMES THB GREAT
TjTNrVERSAI. rAVORZTB.
The Toy_ Maker.
POPULAR PRICES— 23c, SOo and I5ou%jr ¦'*•
Telephone Bush 9.
UNION COURSING PARK.
JNO. QR1CZ, ftdgt; JA3. T. S51C3, BUjjm.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY - - . . MAY 25
Champion Hounds
In Two
Classic Events.
88 -; NOMINATIONS--88
.* TBAIN SKRVICB. ' /
Leaves Third and Townsend street*. 20:13
a. m.. 11 a.:m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia street* five minute* later.
¦Returning "at 4:43 p.- m. .anJ after tlw last
coarse. Saa Mateo electric cars every sU
minutes.
ADMISSION 23 CENTS. LADIES TKESL
THE CHUTES,
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenna.
YADDEYILLE EV5F AHERNOON 1ND
EYENiNG.
CAKSAR AND LEWIS: THB SISTERS
LEWI3; BACON AND VANE: BYRNE AND
WEST; MAUDE AND OLADT3 SOREN-
¦ !^ : p/ct^bU m^ s - :V* new Sov -
A Host of Attractions ontha Grounds.
RIDE THE MILE SCENIC RAILWAY.
Admission .....10c Children...'. So
Phone for Seats — Park '23.
P/ii/ICP ;\> Desirable location.
1 UlUVv unsurpassed cmsine,
j a^n equaled ser-
51 fin ?ice • and modern
u 11 U • conveniences are" the
~ t attributes that have
ll T 51 11/1 made these two ho-
lilUlIU te i s popular with
IT j t tourists and travel-
HATPiC ers who visit. Saa
llUlWld Francisco.
KEEP YOUR HEAD UNCOVERED
The Constant Wearing of a Sat Pro-
pagates DandrufE Germs.
¦ There are many men who wear their
hats practically all the time when. awake
and : ; are blessed with a heavy . shock of
hair,. yet If the scalps of these same men
once became Infested .with • dandruff
germs, the • parasites would multiply all
the • quicker , for lack of air... Baldness
would ensue as the final result. Newbro's
Herpldde kills these germs and stimulates
unhealthy , hair. • to -abundant growthl
Herpldde, Is a pleasant hair dressing as
well as j a dandruff -.cure ; and . contains not
atom of Injurious, substance. "'¦¦¦¦'¦
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
is AN FK AN CISCO.
(Miln Line, Foot of Market Street.)
i.«ati — From Apbil 20. 1902. — a Burnt
7430a Benlcla. Salsuo, Elmlr* s.nd Sacra- ~"
racisii ; 6J55r
7.09a Vacaville, Wtnter*. Bnmeey;. 7-SBp
7-SOa Martinez, San Ramon, vallejo,
Napa. Ca'.Istopa. Sucta Rosa 625r
S-OOa Davis, Woodland, Knlghta Landing.
Marytville, Orovllle ¦.-. 7.55^
8D0a Atlantic Express— O^den and Eut. 8.25a
E-COa Niles, Lathrop. Stockton 7.25j»
EC3a X:!cs. Mendota, Hauiord, Vlsalla,
Porterville 4.E5r
. 8.50a Shasta Express — Davis. Williams
(for Bartlett -Spring*), Willows,
Ked Bluff, Portland ; . 7.55*
6 30a San Jose,- LI rermore, "Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placerville,
Marysvllle. Chic«, Ked Blnff 4.25?
6.39*. Oakda'.e, Chinese, Souora.Tuolutnne 4.25p
900a Vallejo^ 12.25r
9.03a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,-
Tracy. Lathrop,Stockton,Merced. ' . . ¦
Kayniond.Freeno and Los Angeles 8.25 a
S-30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.55P
ti 0.00a Hey-ward, Sliet and Way Stations. t!2-55r
10-COa Th$, Orerltnd Llmlteo — Ogden,
Dcaver. Omiihi, Cnicaeo 5-25p
II .OOp Sacramento Ulw Steamerg tll.OOr
ZJDUr Benicla. Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
. Marrsvllie. Orovlile 10.55a
5-50p Hayward, Slles and Way Stations.. 7.55r
<.02r Martlnez.Sau Ramon. V&llejo,Xapa,
CaUccopa. Santa Rosa 9.25a
4-OOp Klles, Llrermore, Stockton. I/Ofll.. 12.25*
4.30P Hayward.2kUes.EanJose.Llyennore tB.SSa
4.30p The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare,
Bakertfcid, Saugus for £anU
Barbara, Lot A'ngelei 8.55a
6-OOp Port Cost vTrmey.LaVhrop, Stockton 10-25a
6.02p Martinez. Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced; Baymond, Fresno..,.....,.; 12-25*
tS.SOr KUes Local 7.25a
6-COp Hsrward. 2**Ue» and San Jose. 7.55a
rG.OOr Vallejo „ 11.25a
6.C2r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Omana, St. Louis, Chicago 4-25r
7 OOP S»n Pablo, Port CoiU, Martinez
and Way Stations.......... 11.26a
iJJDOr Yallejo 7.55p
8C5p Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle, - Rf.ddlnK.
Portland, Prpet Sound and East. 8.65a
t8.1 Op Hayward and yues..;... $11-55a
COAST LINE (harrow Gange).
• (Foot ot Market Street.)
17-45a Sanu Cruz Excursion :805p
8.15a Kewark, Cecterrllle. 6an Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz aad Way Stations 6-BOr
t2-1Br ZTewark, Centervllle. San Jose,
Kew Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Crui and Principal
Way Stations 10 50a
4.16p KewarlcSan Jose.Los Gatos......'. -8.&0a
¦ M.15P 8bti Jofe. Los Gatog. SantaCrgz... c8.60a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Froin SAX FRASCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— tT:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1.00 3 00 6.16 P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot cf Broadway — **:00 iSid)
10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4 -OP p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Gauge).
(Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
t7 00a Ean Joac and Way btatlons t8.00A
7J)0a Ifew Almaden /4.10p
:7-15-v Monterey Excursion ;8-3Dp
EOOa Coast Ltne Limited — Ean Jose,
Gllroy. Salinas, fian Lnls Oblspo,
Sacu Barbara, Lot Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45r
8 -CO a Ean Jose, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grere, Salinas, San Luis
, . Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations ..:.....: 4.101-
1030a San Jose and Way Stations......... 8.36a
11.50a Ban Jote and Way Stations. 8.48a
«1.50p 6*n Jose and Way Stations... a7.CC*
t24Sr San Mateo, Sedwood, Palo Alto,
Sanu Clara, San Jose, Tres
Piaos, Ssnia Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Orore .........t104BA
SS3p Ban Jose, Bel Monte, Pacific Grore,
San ta Crn2 and Way Stations .... 7.307
+4.1 5p San Jose and PrlncipalWayStatlons B.SOr
tSAOr fian Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
W*y Et&tloDs.. tS-COA
5.3Cr Ban Jose and Principal Way 6 tatlon* 6.30p
6.30p San Jose and Way Sutlons 7.5fir
¦ 7-O2r Kew Orleaoi Express — San Loll
Oblspo, 6acta Barbara, Lot An-
relee, Demlnc. El Paso, Kew
Orleans and East.. - 10 50a
- *11^<5p Ban Jose and Way Stations.... ....
A for Morning. P for Afternooa-
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
• Saturday only. . c Monday only.
• Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday taiT.
jjrw^-. "Follow
4vwi the
'yt^xx Trio/*"
?KD-'TOTJ DO NOT-PATs
excess fJ&r,:e
TO NITW TORK CITT.
Ask Acents tor Parttculan. •
WabashLine
They bave tbe finest tourist car service fro»
Chics-go to Boston and Kew York points.
C B. CRANE, G. P. & T. At, St. Louis: Mo.
BOSS C. CliNE. P. C PVa!. LoVAnte-
les, CaL .
J THE WHITE PASS AND*;
I! YUKON ROUTE ;
1 ' Bhorteet and Quickest route to At- <
1 lln, BIk- Salmon, White Horse. ! <
' Hootallnaua- . Stevrart Hiver, . ,
- 1 1 Klondike, Koynknk and Yn-
. <>: kon Mlnlnsr Dlstrlctn. .
, ONLY DIRECT LINE TO DAVVS^N '
' , TEIf DAYS SAX FRAJfCISCO TO '
,, DAWSQN. • • '
For fall information apply to . '
3. FRANCIS LEE. S. P. BROWN. '
Traffic MgT.. Seat- Gen. A«*nt. CS« - '
' Ue. Waeh.; 6ka«. Market etJ T San '
1 vm.7, Alaska. Francisco. ' •
• •••••• > « ¦ ¦ i s ¦ s a >
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave I Via Sausalito Ferry"]" Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
*TL TLo. i»J±. »**!:
, 1 1 H-W A. — — — - *-¦*" P ,,
, LM , i:80 p. ««niBFniiirer- 6-60p —
UTlSUTS(UU.T-UM.&>«»:so..»i n E.p» M u«>n s »»K~~
.. » tht* 0Saa> Ml KAKXS eiBXZZ sal UVUUX0 mil.
lHSil^i|^^^P^!P . Ill
S 11 T B i J IV B 4' I
I .•; "V •¦TV- "¦¦¦:'.;¦• ; • .¦ : • " ." _ I
.bV-:- ; >' ':- •¦-¦; . . '¦•"¦; ;' :: - \ ' : ¦ " ; " : : - .'¦¦
rs " ' c *¦••. . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ' * * n
¦ :- ., # -x „. : ._ . . . . ¦ g
¦ ¦ Although the season is only half over we have decided to cut prices a
La on our splendid selection- of high NOVELTY SUITS and JACKETS, g
| B ; As many are only one of a size an early call will be necessary. s
gv $37.50 TAFFETA SUITS, beautifully j tailored, silk-Hned throughout, s
};| . CUT PRICE : :. ......... .....:¦..: B
D $3750 BASKET CLOTH and VENETIAN NOVELTY SUITS, rich g
! H tailoring, with extra quality TAFFETA SILK DROP SKIRTS. 2
|g ¦ CUT PRICE .......;....,.. ,....v....... $27.50. g
1 sa $30.00 fine quality , COVERT CLOTH SUITS,, .silk-lined. - CUT : g
|1 PRICE •¦•¦...'.•.¦.;. :;..:...-..;.... ...!^.. ..:.... §22.50 g
i I $20.00 STORM SERGE and VENETIAN SUITS, with satin reveres. 3
g .CUT PRICE . . ....... . .'. . ..'-. $15.00 H
H '$18.50 PEDESTRIAN SUITS, newest, shades, perfect fitting." : CUT '- : ¦¦¦
'g PRICE ..........;.......... ?13.50 ¦
¦| $15.00- BLACK VENETIAN- SUITS, with silk. reveres. CUT PRICE- Q
g :..........:........ .:....., n
g $13.50 NOVELTY MOIRE- BLOUSES, silk-lined: CUT PRICE g
g ..;...... .... ... . . . ; $10.00 g
m $6.50 BLACK VENETIAN ETON. JACKETS. CUT PRICE ?5.OO S
g $7.50 TAN COVERT. JACKETS, satin lined. "CUT PRICE. . .$5.OO |
¦ $30.50 BISHOP COATS, 55 inches long, made' of -.broadcloth, satin lined Q
m throughout. CUT .PRICE.. -.....................¦...,.......: $22.50 B
g: $10.00 TAN KERSEY JACKETS, silk- lined. .CUT PRICE. '. . .$S.5O g
B 35O Dress Skirts at Cut Prices. §
H BLACK AND COLORED. PLAIN AND , FANCY; TRIMMED, at S
£3 .$2.50, $3.00. $3.50, $4.00, $4:50 and $5.00 Q
g ALL ;• MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S LONG AND SHORT COATS ¦
g ¦ ;. ; : ATCUT PRICES. -¦ " , : |
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
H ... ,- '¦ • - . ...,_ -.. ;-. a
BHBBBBBBBBBBBBnHBHBBBBBBHBBBHBBHBBHBBBBBBBBBB
i "
Dry Goods ¦^J£gj£tp Company
I Ladies' Linen Handkerchiefs.
ANNUAL SUMMER SALE.
Our line of these exclusive makes Is classed among the
i foremost in any city, and If you will Inspect our styles and qual-
5 itles for the prices, you will find them positively the strongest and
I most meritorious to be found. •
£ X .
f LADIES' PLAIN LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS-J^-lnch hem are the
I best values that have ever been offered, good grades and care-
t fully made.
I Prices 10c, 12 15c 20c nnd 25c Each.
S e»fl!k L lTil, N A-. h HA^ D HAND EMB'D INITIALS on
! EM B 'D I NITIALS-In twelve SHEER LINEN- In a dozen
i different patterns, each 25c different syles. each... -5Oc
; SHEER LINEN HEMSTITCH-.
i ED and EM B'D. - or LACE LACEEDGE. orHEM-
; EDGE-Dainty and choice. STITCHED and EMB'D-On
; each % 26c fine sheer linen, each. ...SOc
; CONVENT EM'BDTlNETrrTE^S^TTT^HED^HANDKERCHIEFS—
[ Prices 15c and 25c Each.
: sPEOAiTiiAff^oziSnLbf s.
; HAND EMB'D INITIALS. HEMSTITCHED, sold only In half dozen
I lots*
t Prices 60c, 75c and 90c lor the Hall Dozen.
; Youcouldpay doutle any of these prices and not improve on the
: values.
: CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary and Sto:kton Streets, Union Square.
Delivered free cn receipt of P 0. or Express Konry Orders-
Iadvektisements.
AUVEBTISElilENTS.
EAIIWAY TBAVEL.
AMUSEBEENTS.
IP/THE MASK OF TIMEll
Wffw that . hides the beauty or HEj
fflSF many faces. ¦ The com- dh
. Of plexion changes, resulting Syf
w from exposure, improper cos- . QS
B me tics and age, etc., are Bh
a quickly removed. The im-Jll:
if' "movement is '¦ rapid. 'THERE U
if -j -VIS PURITY, ' In - - the very .- H :
» : ' touch .. of Creme -> de Lls. It ' '-> « :
¦ . .imparts .the .health-glow of «.
¦ youth. , Removes tan ; and ; I -
¦ . sunburn quickly. BOc a bot- B
I\ tie at drug: stores, or dliect • ¦
MX ' ¦ from ns. - ¦ size, " post* ' " ':¦ [a
|% B. B.- HARRINGTON & CO., 'fl
¦ L|OS Angeles, CaL • flWhen, the case of F. W. McWIlliams,
alias Crotbers, charged with grand lar
ceny; was called in Judge Mopan'i court
yesterday ex-Judge -Low for the defend
ant said that Mrs. Elizabeth 3. Darling
was still unable to appear and testify as
to the alleged attempt of Policeman L.
L. Levlngs to extort $150 frpm her to
"square" the case. He -would therefore
submit the case, and urged that the
charge could only be obtaining goods by
false pretenses. The Judge -said he would
render bis decision to-morrow, i
Mrs. Darling Unable to Testify.
An annual cyclopedia for 1901 places
the total gifts and. bequests in the United
States last year at $107,360,000. : ; -
DUNCAN SPRINGS.— The following are the
recent arrivals From San -Francisco W. J.
Meagher, Mrs. M. F. Noeh. Mrs. H. C. Whiting
Mrs. C. J. Parsons; Master Eddie Stark.: John
Sroufe. W. M. Starr. John Boyle.' M.' A. Maher,
Mrs. Dounet, H. F. Mann and wife. 1 Ed Gibson
D. A. Finn. Samuel Duncan, William C Neu
rnyer, A. Rudolph.. George H. Fein. M J. Con
boy, J. J. Tillman, J. H. Tyrrell. From
Ukiah — F. W. Broback.- Miss Alice Broback.
Miss Opal Dunwlddio. From Cloverdale— J. W.
Carico. Miss Carlco. From Berkeley — Wftltor
Howell. From San Rafael — Matthew ' Kava
nogh. From Portland. Or.— Z iP. Dermorarz.
Fiom Clncinratl. O.— Mr. and Mrs.'E. Coombs
From Whitehall. Cal. — James H. Byron. From
AT THE SUMMER RESORTS.
The Old Lady (In a railway carriage)—
I Tobject. to smoking! The Navvy — Quito
right, mum. It's a bad habit for ladles o'
your time o' life.— London Tit-Bits.
We give special attention to prevailing
forms and engrave .visiting cards, wed
ding invitations and announcements cor
rectly and reasonably. Monograms, crests
and address dies made to order. Sanborn,
-Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
"Wedding Invitations.
PARA1SO SPRINGS— "-San Francisco-:— J. 1 «H.-
Hcndy wife : and * daughter, with nurse:'-.'WJl
liam Morgan, F. H.' Morton and niece,^GeOrfe
Jones, CrG. Sawer. : Sam Schwarti, .wife.jcnfid
and nurbe; Thomas '. Refcan and wife.fEdfcar:
Rezan '. Mrs. O'Neil and* niece, J. F. r White,
Fred Cox, a: fHellwlg and wife.; J. .C~ Dun-'
Dhv A W. Blow,* Mrs. Washington DtJdffe and
son Miss Susy Wells.;, San Jose— Alice CM.
Pace S." N. - Rucker." Mrs. > M. E. Snook. .Wf, K A:
Snook Los- Angeles — Mrs. W. Dieterla and
son B.' Moller.vkov. and: wife.-- Berkeley — Mrs.
Jane Blrdsall, MUs* Kr- Birdsall, ' C. Wi'iWoo-'.
worth ¦ and '. wife. ;. , Oakland — L. L. Brom^ell,
wifa • and daughter; ¦ James, White. -. Salinas —
C. • Nellson,: Charles , Francee,- James -Bard In,
J . A. • Bardin, . Mrs: r M. < Jensen, .Mrs. ¦¦ Henry
Menke and ¦¦ daughter. . ' Gonzales— M. • C. Clark.
Monterey — Thoma« Field, \ M. ; Chambet's^ Miss
M.' ;Doud. - Frank u Doud,\- Mrs.- Pardee. 1 •' ,Wfct
sonville—J.TJ. Mortey • and wife. Otto RflLphi.*!.
J. P. Kennedy ..Willlani Smith. D. F. Le^ayand
wife* • M ••• Tropes." r-. Chular — Ci" C. ¦ Plhl, ;¦ 8. t Eno
woldson : and - wife.' H, • J.efftrson. ¦[>_ Santa Crtl* —
Mrs.. C. Hottman, Mrs. .. Miss - Whltt
• ¦ ' ¦*' •* ' " ' ' ' "
W. , Rosenberger. F. Sulger. Frank O Brlen,
Stephen Emery Jr./ Mathew Holloway. From
Oakland — D. K. Pauus. Miss Josephine THomas,
O. A. Webster. .Leonard . Devereaux. ; : From
Alameda — Stephen Bromley. Charles Anderson.
B. L. Chalmers. .Anson.McCormick." Joseph J-
Frledlander. Miss Kate Frlodlander. George
Borchert. \ From .Vallejo— Miss Ida Green and
maid *.'¦ '. • ' *¦•.¦¦-'" ; j '
SEIGLER SPRINGS.^LAKE COUNTY.— San
Francisco— S V. <Bunner, - wlfe-and child, vV.
Lyons John Duane. Mrs. T. W. Williams,
Matt Tierney. Dave Sullivan. J. Q. Attrldge,
Jack Crowley. J. J. Cotter, J. -Walsh, J \V\
Moore, F. Fahrenbotz, Charles Webb. '
Dooiejv William- Eajcan; J_ B. Hlckey, W. t H.-
Cameron Captain J. H;.Dever. J..J. Rowlands,;
W J Kane. Albert Hall., Mr. and Mrs. HI V.
Mann Charles French. Ed Mitchell. P. Lucy.
Oakland— J. W.-M&tth6ws, .Mrs. , Dlxon. Miss
Lally Miss Lacy. M: H. McGowan. wife and
children. ". Santa Rosa— R. D. ? Dixon, Fred
Smith. .Vallejo— P.' Rlley. J. Costa. F. Snelh'
•Uklah— H. H. Elliott. ; Jackson— G. P." N Mur-
P WHITE SULPHl'R bpRINGS— Adam Mil
ler SanlFrancisco; A. A. Gardiner and- Wife,
Veri Gardiner, Mr«. O. H. J. Schlott, Helen
Schlott and Captain. Hall, Napa; Mra^C. J.
Grccr. Callstoca: Mips M. T. McOlinn aftd
Dr C R. Sabin. San Francisco; Miss ;fl ; * E.
Spiirr. Miss F. B. Smith and Miss:M. .B.
Caujthev Santa" Rosa;-. T. . Shanahan. -,>Napa
State Hospital; Mils Josie McGrath, Oakland;
J. T. Lewis, Vallejo." r . ,. Ii! ijjvfct
- RIVERSIDE .'kOTffiL— James Smith r"ahd
George P. Neppert,, San. • /Francisco; .flaihU«l
Pogue and wife and .Mrs. Sarah Cronlti)|er,
Cincinnati, Ohio; 1. M\ Van' Ness, Mrs. =Ch Aries
W Treman. W.-J.^Barse, wife and Child, : «tld
Mrs H B.< Wheelock and two childr^tii Chi
cago. .111.; Mrs. George 13.- Gardner. MrsVIK D-
Shcar Miss L. Kespohl and Miss. C.;.Keapoht
Oklahoma. O. T. ; Mr«/<W. J.Usrey and Miss
E G Usrey. Decatar. ' 1IU 5 ', Mrs. Eli Plumttlef,
Lincoln, Neb.: Mra. :.M:- J. Mtnnette,- Omaha;
Neb • Mrs. Draper Smith, ; Omaha, > Neb:;. Mrt..
Julia B. Harris, i Jersey^Shore, Pa.; Mrs.'CyrUsf
E Perkins and 1 Mrs. ' J/ H. Campbell. •• Gmnd\
Rapids. Mrs., Frank E. Lake. Lincoln,
Neb.: Martha Keeb Sltlclalr. New. York; City;
\ H. Flynn .andjCamllyr-San Francisco j Mrs.
I'n-ima H. Miller -and .Mra. H. E. i Hahjtt,
Rochester, N. T.:^Mrs. C.. A. Shaver aniM^.
L" Jonas. St. Johns, {Mich;; \ Mrs. E.»>I..iai
i Penatiere, Mrs. . G»orire E.. Rlcker, MfK^'-F.
' Rice and "Author ! Mason .-.Smith.-" MlnneAtuills,
[Minn.; Mrs. A. E-rKlnSey and, d.aU?htefs,!
Dowagras, Mich.; . Mrsi* E.; M. Heldenfilrtn.
Elthhurst." 111. ; MrtrH- C. i'Franzen and i'Mary
I M iMflville. Sandusky*. ,?. Ohio; 'Mrs. ,;y*.S.
1 Monnett, Columbus,' Ohio; Mrs. J. M. Gormley,
Buevrus, Ohio; J. I. Lynn. Colorado Springs,
Colo • Miss Martha Hall .and Misa Allot} B.
Warden. St;- Johpsbure, Vermont.^ j •~i\s>*>
ICLAMATH HOT , SPRINGS— F. H^ ,Bu9h
nell and-wife, W. F. Bdgart and wife. M1£»,M.
McNamar, F. Laeoste, F. > Webster, W. Kn*pp,
Dr R. W: - Murphy and wife and 'Gilbert
I Elliott, San Francisco; -Thomas J. , WHUomS
'and wife. Eureka; ¦ Lewis ,- M. Foulke" Jr.' ahd
E B Edson, iGaaelle; 8.:L. McNaughten, *und
Mr ¦ Graham, . Ager; John E. Corfin.. ; D«an
Mason W. W. West and wife, Klamathon;
John Golarte.- Scott .Valley; Guy -Patefson; :J.
! x " Walden,' J. 'W, »Embody,. F. -I*. ; Fisher; S.
! S - Ktlles. M. B. Rosenberg and C. '¦ L. .. Clark,
Portland; N. ! E. ; Brltt, •. Newberg. Ore. : A: | E.
¦ Weiland, ¦¦ Yalnax,- .Ore.: -R. -E.- Hunsaker. -R.
I W 'Marple, C. R.< Marjile, ,Joe FtoVd
; Brandenburg. A. L. Leavlttand L. F.-Wllllts,
i Klamath Falls. >^-!r~'>-;-r , - -v*--.- i
O" Cor, nor of San Francisco are guests of
Shasta Springs.
• The Misses Birdie and Mattle*. Jacobson
have left the Berkshire Hotel for the
rummer months and are residing at Kent'
Elation. Marin County.
Mrs. S. Scharff and Mrs. J. Bressler
Mr. and Mrs. Tom Maguire and family
have closed their city home for the season
end are now at their country residence,
Hawthorne cottage. Eastland. Miss V.
Gtrtrude Lynch will be their guest for
the summer and they will entertain their
many friends there. * .
Mrs. Isidore Jonas and her daughter.
Miss Lucille Jonas, will leave on June 1
for Camp Taylor. They will be accom
panied by Miss Rose Keene and Miss Ger
trude Jonas and will be away unj.il after
July 4.
Mrs. J. A. Hampton and Mrs. Dr. J. H.
PERSONAL.
HOTEL. MATEO — Mrs. A. Fletahhacker.
Mortimer Fleishhacker, Mr. and Mrs. Haden
feldt, George E. Crothers, F. G. CKane. J.
House, Miles H. Bafrd, J. Thompson and wife.
K. H. Lanse and wife. Mrs. J. C. Ohlandt.
Fred A. Jacobs and wife, Mrs. O. C. Booth,
Mrs. A. E. Dunn, W. H. Payne. W. D. Rog
ers. A. P. Wetterane, Mrs. Aronstein, Herbert
Parrlsh. F.-H.- True. E. H. Benaon. San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs. W. F. George. Sacra
mento: H. W. ¦ Hyer, wife and maid and C.
Morous, >!ew York: J. H. Lunson and C. H.
Crump, N'/.v Zealand; William Bennett. Van
couver, Wash.; D. T. Bedell, Snokane: "Wal
ter Christian, Tacoraa; George L. Brown,
Boise, Idaho: Carl Fisher and wife, M. Falk
Gjedsen and wife, 1/ "Warner and i. C Wel
set, Minneapolis". Minn.
Hofen. A. F. Hofen, Earl B. Tenney, "William
Hemminxa, Harvey Hemminga, F. R. Robin
son, John Panella, L. Prevrati, Henry J. Gel
m). B. Blaaett. Georze Connors. Henry Staeg
lich. San Francisco: .Justin H. Underwood,
Bcston: Dr. F. J. Inen. Kansas City. Mo.: J.
M. Wlllard. Oakland; P. P. Chamberlain, Red
wood City: D. H. Wood. Palo Alto.
The following Calif ornians sailed on the
Hamburg- American t line fast express
steamship Auguste Victoria from New
York on May 22 for , London. Paris and
Hamburg: Mrs. W. P. Morgan, Miss
Ella Wilcox Morgan, Miss Therese Mon.
pan. Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Taft.-Miss Clara
Taft. Miss May Burdge, Mrs. Frank J.
Moffitt, Miss . Josie Bloomingdale, Miss
Frieda Bloomingdale, Miss Bertha Bloom
ingdale, Mr. and Mrs. S. Kahn. Mr. and
Mrs-. Gustav Marcus. Otto Hubbe, Hugo
Gcldsmith, Emil Goldsmith, H. Lohlein.
In-. .Frank G. Enge'.hardt, H. T. Butter
worth, Mrs. A. Gevertz, Miss Lillie
Gevertz, Mrs. K. Stahlgren, Fred Schieck;
On the Hamburg-American line twin
screw steamship Graf Waldersee, which
failed from New York for Plymouth,
Cherbourg and Hamburg on May 20, were
the following Caflfornlans: Mr. and Mrs.
Oscar Fischer, Mrs. Marie Eberhardt
Master George Eberhardt, Mrs.. Auguste
Bufcse, Mrs. C. Fisher, Miss Elsie Fisher,
Mrs. Anna Splelmann, Miss Dora Kllian
Jchn Hunder.
The reception to be given by Mr. and
Mrs. Gerson Bernstein In honor of the
fiftieth anniversary of their wedding will
take place next Sunday afternoon at their
residence, 1326 Ellis street. Mrs. Harry
Preccott and Mrs. Mark J. Barnett will
assist their parents in receiving.
' Mr. and Mrs. George Osborne gave a
breakfast for Mr. and Mrs. Ashton Ste
vens and Mrs. Gertrude Atherton on Fri
day at thelr^artlstic home, 2327 Clay street.
The day was delightfully spent.
Mr. and Mrs. John Leechman have lef£
the Hotel Baltimore and will spend the
summer In Berkeley.
Miss . Eleanor Joseph, the well known
pianist -and dramatic soprano, will spend
the summer In Paris, where she Intends
to etudy singing with Madame Laborde,
CsJve's teachar.
- Californlans who departed from New
York May 24 on the steamship Campania,
Cunard line, for London, England, were:
Mrs. Walter McGinn, 'Mrs. C. C. Probert,
Miss E. Bowen, George Milnes and Wife,
Miss M. Byrne, P. Mulligan and wife,
Miss A. Brown and A. Coddington.
Mr. and Mrs. N. Levi, 912 Capp street,
announce the barmltzvah of their son
Melville Saturday, May 31, at the Bush-
Ftreet Temple. Will receive June 1, be
tween 2 and 5 o'clock.
D. Frank has left on a visit to the Yo
t>f.mite Valley and will return in about
three weeks.
/Mrs. Charles Oswall Butler (nee Fisch
beck) has left San Francisco for New
York, where she will remain until July.
Mrs. Max Sammer will be pleased to
Fee her friends next Friday afternoon at
1507 O'Farrell street, prior to her depart
ure for Europe.
Mrs. B. F. Meyer of 1322 Fulton street
has gone to Palo Alto for the summer.
Mrs. P. Abraham of 1426 Fulton street
Is sojourning In Palo Alto. •
Mrs. M. Myers has removed from Bush
street to 1625 Post street. At home
Wednesday of this week.
have changed their residence from 716
O'Farrell street to 978 Geary street, be
tween Larkln and Polk.
man. Uti.; Kron. : • Mr. '.Stark, t C. M. ~\ N«el • and
wife,-* J. -U.V.Mathe'Ws. MrA . Flores'and 1 daugh
ter, ', Mrs.- Sylvia,? Mrs.j Sfmas,' .W. K. Brown,
J: N; :p&>&jt:\Vt;.is ._.;-.-¦.•;..-..*.:.< ft - '-'
S,hareSi'-Mot*Sprin»5J,' --fipnorria i Obunty — San
Francisco— -Thomas Mdrphy, ¦ Jtr. ' and '-Mir*. H.
Wintefi».t JdhusA-; t*lhleiter. ; Frtd.C. 1 Pet»rs.
F.-I«>Ptlttihar4. Hw* Xt.PrlWhird.'Marr Mc-
Dermqttf < Samuel -I;.* J«hnson, . ;Loulfi Cranz,
John • BtMlven j, ' A:., P. ¦ Matron. ; Frank Gilbert,
F.- Merrlolt add vwlfe, Mr,- and iltp. 'G«}fge
FritchnMrt,- TiouiseBerrtman, F, B. iWlKrew.
1^ D.-Rade^sky:ariff wife. H. B.r Cha/idlerv Mr.
and-Mrt.a.H/I?.-ManH^ J.cB,-RelnK*rdt. Miss
a. v-A. j Cradddfck. -.Cj W. and wife, , D.-
Thonida and-,*rHe,!J.. Thomas. JivA.-iMasterson
and *fff»;,K.tC Bachrodt. and wife". Mr. .and
Mri.*:;p..Iiivinsst{in, t Waltdr ft. \WeJehi W. A.
Sullivan, AViUUni, "Welch, Mr. and Mra^ M. E.
tobln. MtM- UoUise Pon. Miss Marie Kerserot.
Walt«r Cox,-; K. Rice.-- ,- Oaklahd— A. i L." Wliite.
C' S.fBbdtfii-JfvH. Davis.:. Steward' sjPolnt—
Oliver Wlluatnsvan.] wife. -Santa Uos.i— J.
Berricket.V^anaM; J. •SummerHeld. ¦ Healda
bUri- r -I^ il >BatUnK U- John ; Sherrlbs. Mlsa
Parker, -. TV^UIiTin, '; V. Mitchell. Benson
hursf. - ,N..lTl-^pbbert -Fltsslmmons. Mrs.
Robert Kltisimmohs. Robert Flteslm
moris. Btfth . Beach^N. T.— Clark '¦Ball. :New
York.;;!?. .i Y,~W; ;p. ;SqUires.: Oej-sirville—
Mf.' and MrJi.'i'.H.i flsrrlet. n PitalMma-^Fred
Kuhjile. W,..DoU(tla»s.. Alameda—
Mrs.: Frank MeLaufeHn.-E»<»b«th W. Ros«et«r.
j.~ H.* Liebftfcht. ';Katt#as CIt>-<— G. .W.*. Mc-
Knlfht. S»>ha*triboV— W. . \V. Monroe. 1 ,* -.'
TiA , kONDA— Mrs. . E: J. Tirkin*
toli aii*;twcf ehlWrtn,< Mrs. Carrie C. 'O'Nell
defaid D'Nell,iM>s.<^W. H. -Lange andnson.
B. A.»rBerhhitrd, 1; pi.C.: Lennle, "'A. Pjw«ttea
n*r.». H. * Howe\; Ci i Evans. B. . Hammond, P. .
Harrigan," F/ H Stfarratt, E.' T. Henhiftf.iW. E.I
Mr. and Mrs. Goeppert entertained the
Gracioso Club Friday Evening, May 23 at
their residence, 2132 Green street. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Goep
pert, Misses M. Bruse, Meyer,
Gladys Meyer, Mary WalliSrAnna Mason,
Kremser, Rohrbacher, D. Shultz, M.
Shultz. E. Shultz, E. Arps and A. Arps
and Messrs. Bruse, F. Dettman, Froh
boese, George Goeppert, Carl Goeppert,
Lloyd Goeppert, F. H. Jones, Kries, F. A.
Mundt, Bert Oesting, Rohrbacher, Thom
as Prlng, Shultz, Joseph Seminario, Leo
Sominario, Alonzo Mason, Mr. and Mrs
P. Muller, Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Wells. Mrs.
Kremser, Mrs. Mundt. Mrs. Shultz, Mrs.
I'ring, Mrs. NIclas and Mme. Seminario. '
On Thursday evening next at Sherman-
Clay Hall the Trehle Clef Club will give
its annual concert, closing for the season
the fourth year of its existence. This
concert • forms a fitting climax to the
year's work and is given for the enter
tainment of the friends of the club, with
a view toward exemplifying the beauMes
oi ensemble work. The programme will
be one . of unusual excellence; i consisting
of general concert numbers in part first
and concluding /in part second with the
beautiful cantata "King Rene's Daugh
ter." adapted by Smart from Henrik
Hertz's drama. The story is artistically
tola through the introduction of the prin
cipal characters In solos, duets, trios and
quartets, being reinforced and brightened
by a maenificent chorus. The Treble Clef
Club wtS organized about four years ago
and numbers among its members some of
the most accomplished, vocalists in the
city, having an actrVe membership of about
sixty ladles. The club has for its object
the study of high grade vocal work, and
has attained considerable prominence lr
musical circles, being the only organiza
tion of this character in the city. This
concert mark* the close of one of the
most successful seasons in the history of
the club and Is given under the leadership
of Robert Lloyd, to whom great credit Is
due. Mrs. F. C. Gutterson, as pianist. Is
thoroughly artistic in her work The
president, Mrs. Nathan Frank, . to ' whose
superior intelligence., executive ability
and untiring efforts the club is largely in
debted for its high standard of excellence
enjoys the respect and admiration .of the
entire membership. , "
CLUB PABTIES.
The Burrows . Musical Kindergarten
class, under the direction of .Miss Char-
Ictte P. Ebbets, will give its first exhibi
tion at the Sorosis Club auditorium, 1620
California street, on the afternoon of
May 31, at 3 o'clock.
A most enjoyable surprise party "was
given to A. J. Amiot at his residence,
3417 Twenty-sixth, street, on Saturday
evening. May 17. Those who"attended
were: Misses M. de Sparr,.M. Benson, A.
Meyer, J. Fernandez, T. Fernandez, B.
Fernandez, J. Amiot, A. Ahernj J. .O'Neil,
L. Amiot, Mrs.' Lippi, Mrs. De. Sparr;
Messrs. A. J. Amiot, J. Kamna, R. De
Sparr, F. W. McDonald, L. F. Biani
hmi, C. Lippi, J. Ewing, J." Lippi, A.
Lippi, A. Ewing. F. Pape, L..Barieau, W.
F. Miner, J. O'Leary. J. P. O'Leary, C.
Boyd, A. Amiot, Mr. De Sparr.-
Mrs. Luclan E. Helm gave a whist
party Thursday evening for her mother,
Mrs. William S. Patterson, of Larkspur,
who is visiting in AlamedaP "Miss Gertie
M. Stoddard won the first prize and Mrs.
Charles Greely the booby. The players
were Mr. and Mrs. William Patterson,
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Sprariger, Mr. and
Mrs. Dave Bole. Mr. and Mrs; Charles L.
Hill, Mr. and Mrs. Louis ClauSsen, Mr.
and Mrs. Van Zande, Mr. and Mrs.
Muhlner, Mr. and Mrs. F. V. Denis, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Greely, Mr. and Mrs.
Horace Jackman, Miss G. M. Stoddard,
Mrs. E. B. Helm and : Mr. and Mrs. L.
E. Helm. "
A most enjoyable reception was held
last Wednesday at the home of William
Colligan in commemoration of the. twen
ty-sixth anniversary of his birth. The
town residence of Mr. Colligan at 20^
Glover street, was tastefully decorated,
the principal flower being the California
violet. Vocal aj*d instrumental 1 music
entertained the guests; after Which a re
past was served irf the dining hall. About
fifty guests were prese'nt. , .,
A surprise party was tendered Miss
Louise Brooks last Sunday evening by her
numerous friends in honor of her eight
eenth birthday at her home, 3128 Twenty
first street. The house was beautifully
decorated for the occasion and a bountiful
repast was served, after which music,
dancing and singing was ¦ enjoyed until
midnight ¦•'-¦-. ' .; , -' .
On Saturday evening. May 17; a delight
ful surprise party was tendered Anthony
Kornmayer in honor of hisbirthday at his
residence, 232 Twenty-eighth street. At 11
o'clock supper was served.- An enjoyable
evening was spent, all wishing many
happy returns of the occasion. Those
present were: Miss Carrie* "Norton, the
Misses Minnie and Annie" Meinberger, the
Miss Alice and Emily Zecher..Mlss Estelle
Elliott, Miss Lulu Nichelson* Miss Cassie
Fuendelinsr, Miss Sophie Palmer, Mrs.
Palmer, Miss Eva Konrad, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Konrad, Mr. and Mrs.L. Wagner, Mrs.
Hammer, Miqs -Hattie Kornrhayer, Mrs.
Kornmayer,- Ralph Meinberger, George
Norton, Will Hammer, George Ahlborn,
Anthony Kornmayer and Willie Palmer.
A very pleasant evening was spent on
May 18 at the home of. Misses Sophie and
Lizzie Beckmann at 1317 Steiner street.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Elmers, Mr. and Mrs. Schatzer, Mr. and
Mrs. Kolter,. Mrs. Kilcogn, Mr. and Mrs.
Grace,' Mrs. Doris Beckmann, the Misses
Sophie and Lizzie ¦ Beckmann, , M. and K.
Kolter, M. McKay, N. Moltzer,.R. Zuem,
Josie Ross, G. Grieves, A. -and L.
Thatcher and Miss Close. The following
g-entlemen: Allen, Grace, Reed, Peltier,
Van Brunt, Bruckner* KilcoghY McRoby
and Senger. ¦ ;_•.,¦.;
An enjoyable party was given Saturday
evening, May 17, at the residence of Miss
Aneta Johnson of West Berkeley. After
singing and dancing : supper was served.
A delightful walk to the beach followed.
HOME PARTIES.
y seashore and the mountain
resorts are still claiming the
[\ I city's populace, but despite th«
V \^ \ j exodus there were several en
'.-^v. J , tertaining social ! functions In
town during the week.
. (All notices intended - for this column must
be vouched for by the name and. address of a
member of the family sending such communi
cation.) '¦
AETNA SPRINGS.— The season at : Aetna
Si rings.- was operted on May. IB .with a* grand
ball. - ".Thl* ;-pot»ular. health Tryort is now ; un
der the management, of Edward' L. SanfordH
The ' grounds and " building > weri beautifully. '
deccrattd for.Uhis ;eVent;With : flags and ferns. |
Hundrfds r of JaparitSe lanterns were hung along i
the rriialtt drives and paths.; producing a pleas- I
Ant.-. and !fairly-lilte.tseene. .; The .fine 'weather J
with ; the .clear: moonlight night drew hundreds .
of vl«Jtors ..froni'! adjoining, towns, some driv
ing: as-.far as, fifty ¦tnUes^.ta attend the oren
ing.'\Th« daties .waB, held in the , new bottling
di-iiarttncht, 1 locatW near- the, i>ola&sltim,epf ing
About, sixty, couples riarticipated.Jn the grand
march. Music -. wda -lurhlshyd ( by.- Thompson's
Oiche«tra,,of Napa.:;Amonkitho"as whd assisted
in rriakfnr the otfefcMqnati enjbi'rflile on^ were
tli<* .rcilftwtni?; v Hi , MortenBen,- j.- p MoManus
J. ¦ Baunigarten.;/^. :D.« Halloweli Mfs T -/ K
Irv/ln. -Mrs. : H. S. ;Huss,- San* Francisco; iohn
M. Rofc-e. David DlmlaiJ, John Coke Ml* Buth
Clark N>f,^ AV. ColUnj;- Hlw -IJoj if Walter? T
T. Thornton, • F£ Gibbs. ; £ Moore. ¦ Q. Dubwy,
F. ;^Parker/-. Mri.'-Turtpn, " Miss B. Walters
MltojN. .Overhulny./Narar Jud^j j S'
. IV. O. -Schmidt, .W..;E.: Cottohs^d- wife- Vf" \
Mackihder * a*rid '"wife, ' A. N s " RN1 ' n n,i
wjf* ( : : ,tt; ,r arahatn ' and ..* wifV **& a M d
S.'^^i.Hf y ard ;H n . d^ wi^- ¦-'*»"- Loiter and wife;
E iv ' ftt , kfns .^ Vo i t^ Metzner.vj.. o. X siitt.r
N. .pverhiHser.rDor4.|Hangr^ C;fB.5Sti>VMrSt
gelena;- Mlef S^ Cbok^Mt*<3, M.-'Klmhfllii w.
R.r Cook.\J.;K.' Co'oft, Oall«tosa;'j i j -iWaUeM
MaMlh-Ha^inKMrs:'^. SairiSelsr'F Yr Ken
Geotet; awfltxinieri ahd wife' ii 'Mait- V
SamU*J^TN. r Sftmiiels. PaUllna^raug S%aV H
Ual! n d«;: Gcortfevriho^- Popb" A^all^Hcari
Ovr rhuiBer.t: Aetha> mltte ; r R. .IV ;nelh Sahta
?ismte#S> r4iVj m. qu"£
ley, S M driletOwnr/Anitc'tfo .-.Tychibtt >.^Ahgw n •
• Oat HlU:*Mlfis A.li(ie;Qteenlea Qat mil- .Mss
vlsvUle; .Pfil^hb aon^riHoritUul^^tfi^Ang
wIn^. Angwin : Laufsnte; Aritt win? f An*-*in tt
AV.^L, B|6dgc.H;i C)kt'«i^TD.'mu:
yall. wl/e and; daughter. L!<1M/:'M ReedJoat
Hill; .Elmer Ifwin.-Aetnft Ar>ht!gtj J^iii^V
*H0WELL' MOUNTAIN— : Arrivals i't \'Ui"r'
land- Hotme: , : tola* ;«M.j Leef oakilrid-- ifS"
ThursWn; Edward^Sal^ - R>J Smyth "kr and
Kroner. , Fj;om :Al»fcta4--Mrt.='-A^j??xewS"
L. ; .L. Russell. • Frohi ulthland Sprinesi-A F
Julien. H ¦ From -^I^ati^ •" Ky — Wank
Pleta Creik werelmor* thahftatlBfactof-v t.^.
R'e^MTTife^
CM s \K- > V.^vi, Fort ' l( * Horton. Mrs.
rnani.from Auburn^-8. P.*Hopk h7 r n ays "
Worce»ter.,Ma6s,i B. Blakfmah^rtJ f\i?J! r «* tti '
Entlean. Thomas. McMurraV Mn*?h»^ F; . 3:
mgBM
Mr..<:L. r o." D.inlM; .irtJK" | . H J°." "J
Thomas Demmin*. .- Miss - VKmmintc i'nH wS;
, GEYSfiHS MOT»L.4-San !^nS*JCS?P'Pw
Mr»..-:Joeephrn»»yde :.di-eay«j- - fcatc^ c iZn
licrtle Brute. ;;Mh ; And Mrs.' Joh,* b • j wnJSS'
R.r.B.-Enton/and^f^Mrs.U-^.LfiA-MJS'
H. O.-,WymAn. J Ch«Hk-A/Klncaid arid fam
ily., Captain Murphj:and wif P ., A ,be rt M Kowl
berg; ,J.,W. .Thomas.^,, A. Thorrta.,- L. ; David
\jton Geoffrey,., A/..D<iach.;,M. ,B. Tobltt- and
wifc>. Kfy -W. ' dlis^hv &rid wl B#5S W "Siria n
and wi;e.^.SA^RaMel T Frhhk f /j. cSy
Oakland'-Cr.;>f B. j ..H.V: tVooltt«yr - Martinez—
Willlam i .MeC»hrf. V James i-Rankln,- •Clara . i.
Mtii*. r-Xvirn,* llam^.r.^ Aidmtai-c; &.
Alexcndat- andjwlfft^C-V.ictorifl.-.B. 4 . C.^-Qertrudd
Rethrtt:^'i)*nvfth'Cilo.^H: i B.VOe^^v*"™
botJNTY.—
Erom-: San >FrariclscO-^H. \ ,TV r ..' 'H6lil» ••' Henry
W.eilmani ' t».- DilfRdh find 'wife; Sara ¦' L' t Du/
gan.~ Harry.'.Ditelafl^D. .' Pieiljkrif Ci isW.i: Buck
Atlss. ChHstlne s \V>ndt. ; A.. ,E.; WhltehiM/and
wife.^jAm*s- pavtilson^ Mis* BllA McOdUrh c
• ¦'¦¦¦ .'.¦¦¦: -¦-..'¦'<¦• :)"':* •' ¦'.:•¦¦ i ¦¦" . i-Si'r ,
Now Bedford, , Mass.— Mrs. Howland, * > Miss
How land. ,-¦ • *,-. v • .-* .. " -; •; , ¦•<•¦'¦ I-*;*
SOCIETY EVENTS
THE FR ANt)iS€P .JALL,;.^^!)!^,^^^^; 25, 1902.
33
Brahman Toilet. Cream
CUKES ECZEMA, P0IB0N r OAK AND UAN-
DRUFT. Sold by J. S. Potts Drug Co., loitf
Market street, and other druggists; also at of-
tice of Dr. A. W. Traverse, , 1170 Market street.
RFN 1 F VY -ft C(i :^M&Mm
8 i j\Ta rrak* tHJs saie a!sjitc<bs }*tt have reduced some of our best values in
aj^TijfjSr^^ such new and stylish
5~ {dots Ify \6fy py ced: . . A 'f ew.'ct the leaders are: ,
: ALtr^iy0pL ETON 8U ITS. iiLike. Cut) $13.50.
1 •'• -' tHitJsiiitflk T" we Jl. tailored ; and made "of good quality of all-wool Venetian
- ' ; cioth,'ilnTan,. Oxblood, ..Blue^Gray and a guaranteed Black. Jacket in
; ' ; Xsatih-llned, .^rith velvet collar^ and peau de sole faced, revers. double
'cHteVjOT BLOUSE SUITS $17.50.
S; ';^inf I Jght'Grajv. Blue -arid. Black. V
8 NOVELTY GIBSON EFFECT SUITS (Like Cut) $22.50. fp^
S < -'';feiaboritaly- trimmed 1 ' with silk tailor stitched band3 In Royal Blue and. -
§ SILK, BOX; COATtyS--
S;.. /,.' Blhfck liiolre Box .Coatsj' bell .^sleeves/ 87.50- _
«;.- - . Mlaclf Taffeta silk lined through. Kimona sleeve, SI 2.50
g ' L, ; Black,P*aU-dejSole,-haJf, fitted back, white faced revers, 815.00- *
S v .$7.50 (Jiiallty DRESS SKIRTS, in 3 Styles. Sale Price $5.00
o V * 7' .V One {rrrnnied wi£n" 3 taff eta^ bands, another nicely corded, and a good
O^ black cheviot with graduated flounce. >
Who steal your money by forcing upon
you a dangerous counterfeit;powder when
you ask for the v genuine, i Lablache
Povrder. Give your trade to; honest: and
reliable dealers who will -^ell' you- the gen-
uine Lablache Face Powder, the stand-
ard toilet powder, which Is In general. use
by the best and most difitlnguished women,
not only in America, but also! in London,
Paris, Dresden, Hongkong, % j Shanghai,
Japan and Manila, and, in fact, every-
where. Its virtues have been • sounded : by
Sarah Bernhardt, Mme. Emma Eames.
Mme.. Emma Calve, /. Mme. ',« Suzanne
Adams, Mile, Rea. Mile, de Lussan, Miss
Maude Adams, Miss Marguerita Sylva and
by fccores j of other famous j wdinen of the
stage and in private life. The genuine
Lablaclie Pace^^Po'tfder.' ,1s a pbeltive
bfeneflt; 'toj thie. j! sltiri.:vlt:ffeshens* cleirs,
beauililds.Y i v*R*lsW'rj4i' \ and> prdser^egi' the
naturals sdftheisY^f^the . sklti,-; while", the
counterfeit ' ; mjur« l the cbrn-
pieiian;- We, feekV^lMat iever^'-lady HSIm
LablaoheTaiJi 'Po^aSr.Wlireiaminb the
label:faf;the ; bb*-eftrfeially;aha tMnVdftubt
as «t6?tMfe g*rtilihert*Ss;crf .: theypoWdef, -send
UB-the circular fer4Hfe«6ver,bf tfa» boi.to-
gether-wlth: thd'^l&tiieidtf the^dealer-from
whom k -the-p6waef^asvpuf chased., and if
itis-the .cbunterfeit,' she ttvill^fa*' advised
by^retUniim&il,^8 r 6nh4t;sHe 'caii dimand
that heV;mbney. ; lire and wh6ever
sold It *Hl ( ,b6 5 pr6s«ciited^td; the full ex-
' teiit bt: the law; i~ titty.: cetiis . per ; box r - of
airreliabl«' druggists' of ,by 'mall. - :
Ladies, B£ on, ;^|o|||||ii|i[ !
¦ * /denounce; liiiUmiilii- 4 *
2 19 Grant Avenue
IIS TH& STORE.'
If this offer doesn't bring you here
bright and early to-morrow morning
then you must be bargain proof. The
Paris models dictated the styles and
the hats are so recently from the
work-rooms that the first bloom of
their loveliness hasn't had time to
rub off. No use to attempt a descrip-
tion—their beauty and daintiness baf-
fles type. But the pleasure of a sur-
prise awaits you when you come.
* THE FURRIER**
Millinery • Cloaks •Suits-
TRIMMED HAT
FOFZ ANY
S7.5O
APAAA REWARD. — We have deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000,
VT L% 1 1 1 1 which will be paid to any person who can find that the abore testimonial letters
¦ f» IE are not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
VV VV V mission. Ly dia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, JMLaca.
"Will not the volumes of letters from women who have been
made strong- by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound con-
vince others of the virtues of this great medicine ?
When a medicine has been successful in more than a million
cases, is it justice to yourself to say, without trying it, "I do not
believe it would help me"?
Surely you cannot wish to remain weak and sick and dis-
couraged, exhausted with each day's work. If you have some
derangement of the feminine organism try Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. It will surely help you. •
**. Dz^&B Mks. Pixkuam : — I have suffered for four years with pain in my
back, and a terrible bearing--down feelinjj in the lower part of my bowels, and
at times the abdomen seems to swell and. becomes very sore. I have terrible
sharp pains in my ovaries and am very nervous, also troubled with leucorrhoea
and irregular menstruation. I have started to take Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, but I do not feel much better, so I thought 1 would
¦write and ask you what to do. Please answer soon, as I am a great sufferer
and long 1 to g«t relief." — Mbs. Richard Dixon, 11 Farewell St., Newport, K.I.
(Jan. 11, ii>00.)
" Dear Mes. Pixkham: — I want to thank you for your letter of advice. Since
taking- your Vegetable Compound, Liver Pills, and using- your Sanative Wash,
as directed by you, my backache and terrible pains in ovaries have disap-
peared. I feel that your Vegetable Compound should be used by all weak
women." — Mbs. Richard Dixox, 11 Farewell St., Newport, R.I. (April 11, 1901.)
Mrs. Richard Dixon wrote to Mrs. Pinkham when she was in great
i trouble. Her letters are here printed.
— === (prfi^^^ — —
. Thousands of/ya^ and Black Bands, Galoons and
Edgings for. eyej- y. pijrpbs^yqL can JfKl Hk jl a r^ jbelng^ $? c rificed , some at half price, some at
less— in fact there are goods .1 if this^ffirjrig^^^tHree times-lhe price we ask. r'^
t|e*j^;^ offered .
Black Ghantilfy Galoons|,£ream'Nihtde Ll^rlFestb6nsand dream Net Top Laces-3 inches
wide,: usually sold at 35c Mtyc MMBfflMfflt^ %r$: :.::..... : ........
yCrearn §H^ jjffi jiilc. . E$jl]L|'r}|{~lJ«i}ftl : . B^^i ii|| ."^f Ij&V^h ftH\>i ly*.^_® ijSorisi"' C ream^ Venise and Oriental Qf) r
liace Edgirtgs,4.t6:5 inch<*s^ at . vA/L,
Cream Net Top Ofient^.^iihgS,*?BJfe'"4H|fe^curial^ Festoons in white
and butter color j 5 to 8 incn^wld^/i'wdHh'dotvtq at. . . ¦'tUC
Black PiireSilk Noveltjl^flfef'lGrla^in;^^ Lace Edgings, 6 to 10 LZL r
inches wide, regular $i.co^i;2^^ip^.^ffe^d;^t>^:J?.; ;.\.: U^ L
Cream or "Ivofy Fancy Sittiste \^cllP6\hl^CTh^m^'nd Gb\6 Applique Laces, Black Pure <t"1 fjA
Silk VeniciaivLfce Points/ 6Ub^ y a^d, now. . . . »4>l»vA/
; Extraordtnai^l^ Values
* Do you. need Like .GurliinsVr/W^fihftv^plart^ for all who
do— An irrimense^urtainpjufch^ now offer them in two special lots — The
Curtains are all fine and Vriew, /'^h'dyafe^'^tisolutely^e^best \curtain values ever brought to
.your attention :• f ]¦_ .• ' ¦yV'^y • • ' : '.» '}$'- V ""¦« --^r i^l^i^Fl.'-'^
LOT NO. .1 — White^ and Ecru iNoitihgharri: \';Epfv Nb.; 2 — White and Ecru Nottingham
Lace Curtains, 52 inches wid6) \y/* n yjl^i Jon^, 'jh- Lace CurtftiriSi full size, in specially fine patterns,
a great many choice designs; ;wW dining rooms; CO.fjn
$2.25 per pair— special at j .^. . . . . • .^^4{*"v^ji j wortli $3.(Sp pair, special at qX^VJU
Immense derm uslins
Finest Values In theKh^ndsbm^si :flrid.> daintiest^ of Undergarments are now being
offered— There is a greatei^^Fitftj^t^a^ are finer and better —
Trtmminjjs are rich and beaJtiful. NoU^e.AvindOw "display:. ;b ;
Drawers ......l.\ V. $ .25, j 156,.^ '.90^ I1.25, ji.50 up to $ 6.50 pair
- :.Xheiriise3 ...... .^.'... .5O^^|tQj,lff^$d,K ; i-! I 5» 1V40,. 1.65 up to 5.00 pair
v Skirts /. . . ).. ...... 1.50, . 2150, 2.75, piVsi 4-6^ 6.50 up to 17.75 each
Gowns...... ....... .65/; -j. 75, .90, ; 1.25, i!45, 1.75 up to 6.50 each
Corset Covers ..... .56,^^75;; V.85J .1.00, 1.25, 1 65 up to 4.50 each
|^j|^|^|g||S|p|jJS3^Sl^] Reduced
\ Closirig.out broken Jiries of Ladies' ;Firie;Irnported Lisle Thread Hosiery— Positively the best
assortment of stylish hosiery - ever dffered, at /the price— Novelties in Funcy Strip-es, Van /y/m
Dyke patterns and Lace^ dTpenworki cfesigns^in richelieu anij-rembrandt ribbed^ all new, -^Ar^
•rich and extremely fashioriable— rejgUlrfr 5bt p^r ;prijr, all reduced to. ...'..... ts U V
-' • - -. ". ¦ • " JL JL • . »^_ T(' fc*,\^a. p JI . .'.1* \Jf **/ VI i-/ \ ' K*J C% X
. Yards and yards of Fancy LAWNS are On sale to->moirr&\y— The prettiest and sheerest of wash
fabrics, in this season's choicest deslghs^FJoWered; Polka Dbts and Fancy Stripes in the-g^v
.•newest colorings, .also ii _larg*ii*ssor.tf^ent of: black and white effects — all offered art -the special filr*
saie price of, per yard". . . . .1'. . ....;.!:.. . . i'.^!* 1 ..'. :: -\i. '.**.'.* '. t'l': :i .\ /.'. ¦'. . ;. ivW
;;¦ ;.;; : ; : •L.ajdi^-Vg^hlngrSuits ¦ 5||i| ;
¦- Another big value, tof Monday'^Lad^el^BritHihg Siiitsi made of excellent quality Alpaca —
Suits corned in black or haVy blUe^— with^whiJ^'or/niyy'blfieisailor.collarsr;— entire tf* A C\tt
suit handsomely* trimmed "^ViUi white r 8l p ald~riqtHirig ]ike it eyef. offered at the price. ¦.•
Other -style'' Ladies' Bathing Sujts^ kt isM,-UM t $5.00, $6.00 andup to $12.00.
Interesting
Something, New'— ''The THrle-ih-On^ 'Bei^'.-'-holliS' and Oxidized Eelt Buckles, in a large variety of
skirt up; AvajST' down and "gives th6 ' lent; w|i.<tfcd ; <de^l|[h>. aLi^ shapes; formerly 50c each— reduced to 23c
effect— Price .,::.. .-;.• . /.. . .. . . . .v.T. v . . ;[ '.iff- shell cbmbs-for the back of the hair-dosing out
Feather bone stock collar foundations .'." .-. /. . . .-.7i (5* putiZeAch:';) . i*. ." 10c
Flashskins for polishing metals .". . .'. .'. : :.5:Av5y: :]i I0i; ; ilnjt^ij»»'-Shell Hair Pins, per dozen 20c
Double covered Dress shields /pr-shirf-'\vHi*ts-~speciai'* ¦'.¦"¦ 'Fart£y.EI;istlc Hose Supporters to hooi< on the corset
at ger pair .. . ..... — ..'.....'. .' ; : ... . . : . ; . . &&1 -". llfcV .ekelierityaluc dt per pair , 25c
j ... , ._•'..: ,..!!¦ . ..' , - ., . ; ?.„''* - "* 'rlr/%f>*i^.i': 'i 7 i*"*"' ¦•***•.>-? I)'*' •]¦¦¦'¦{•¦: -'-i*.- ¦ <
ADVEBTISE3EENT&
If there is anything in your case about which you would
like special advice, write freely to Mrs. Pinkham. No man will
see your letter. She can surely help you, for no person in America
has such a wide experience in treating- female ills as she has had.
Address is Lyun, Mass. ; her advice is free and helpful.
No woman ought to arrive at this terrible state of misery , because
these symptoms are a sure indication of womb troubles. She must
remember that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is almost
an infallible cure for all female ills, such as irregularity of periods, which
cause weak stomach, sick headache, etc., displacvments and inflammation
of the wombj or any of the multitudes of illnesses which beset the
female organism.
One day she is wretched and utterly miserable : in a day or two she
is better and laughs, at her fears; thinking there is nothing much the
matter after all; but before night the deadly backache reappears, the
limbs tremble, the lips twitch — it seems as though all the imps of
Satan were clutching her vitals; 'she goes to pieces and is flat on her
back. .
How much harder the daily tasks become when some derangement
of the female organs makes every movement painful and keeps the
nervous system all unstrung ! > ,
The ordinary eveiy-day life of most of our women is a ceaseless
treadmill of work. . '
Should Beware of a Serious Organic
Break-down. Take Heed in Time.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho*
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
26-20. with the electric* needle without pain or
scar; permanency ruaianteed; hour* 1 to 4 p. m.The three-stamD mill of the Golden Gate
mine in Antelope Valley will be started about
June 1 for the summer's run. - Two new led«s
have recently been opened up, making five in
all of different Krades and widths from wh'ch
ore is being taken. The upper cyanide plant
of the Standard Consolidated Mining Company
No. 2. at Bodie, which now treats tallln<i
pumped directly from the mill, is to be torn
down and moved to the No. 1 site Thu
capacity of the latter plant will thug be doubled
and all tailings to .supply It will be hauled
<rom the pond. The practice of treating the
tailings direct from the batteries will be d'«
contlnued. The steam engine which was to be
used In scraping the tailings pond being found
unsatisfactory an electric motor scraper is be
ing put in, with which lt , is proposed to do
the work of- twelve horses under ordinary qlr
cumstanceg and to scrape out the sHmes In
'places where horses cannot stand. •
MONO IS DEVELOPING.
A pow.er plant is being placed to run
the Golden Trout mine In Butte County
near Lumpkin. by electricity. ¦ . '
The Cosumnes copper mine, in El Dora
do County, near Nashville, has been sold
to the Rio Vista Copper and Gold Mining
Company, and development work will be
carried on largely. J. H. Smith of Santa
Rosa has bought the Omo mine Ma
chinery has been installed for prospect
ing the Little Joker mine, near Pilot Hill
Work has been resumed on the tunnelof
the River Hill mine at Placerville
The Mining and Scientific Press reports
that machinery for the Arondo Mining
Company, in Inyo County. Is being taken
in from Johannesburg. The plant will in
clude nine cyanide tanks, a combination
crusher and rolls and a large gasoline en
gine for power. The plant will work 100
tons per day. The same Journal also -e
ports concerning Mono County the fol
lowing:
W. Knox of Columbia the F. B. Gaudy acd
Blue Bucket quartz mines, north of Rawhl.ie.
John B. Eldridge is negotiating a bond on the
Hazel Kirk mine from Conlln and Pownall of
Columbia. Bernard Pacholka. and Frank E.
Jasper have sold to Henry S. Barrett a three
fluarter interest in the Pirate quartz mine and
its rorth extension, situated two miles east
of Sugar Pine. H. J. Dykes is having the
Adjax mine on the Major ranch pumped out
for the purpose of having lt Inspected. T F.
McAvoy of Berkeley and Andrew White of
Vallejo have agreed to sell to E. C. . Holmes
the Hard Tack group of mines, consisting of
the Hard Tack. Hard Tack No. 1 and the
Reward mines, situated on Hunter Creek five
miles southeast of Carters, together with ma
chinery and appliances. The price of the prop
erty is, $40,000. payable in four equal install
ments within two years, the first one of $10 000
: to be paid July 1. next. The purchaser is to
commence work June 1 and pay to the owners
25 per cent of the gross proceeds during the
i life of the agreement.
In the several Eastern oil fields last
month there were completed 679 wells,
bringing in new production amounting In
the total to 6140 barrels. In the month of
March there were completed 514 wells and
these added to the production the amount
of 6336 barrels. •¦ .
There is one oil well in the Kern River
field that is controlled by a single in
dividual. This is the Grossmayer well on
section 31-2S, 2S. Grosmayer has a tract
of ten acres under his control in the dis
trict. His first well is performing all
right and he will sink a second one.
It will be the largest in the field. The diam
eter of the pipe will be six inches. The com
pany putting it in will have & storage capac
ity of 2o.ooo barrels at the railroad. The
route to the railrt>ad will be changed if pos
sible so as to have St. Paul connect with the
line. The promoters expect to have the line
rtady by November. Fresno, San Francisco,
Philadelphia and San Francisco. York, Coal
inga and other oil companies are mainly inter
ested in putting In the line.
Concerning the new pipe une from the
Soilthwest Coalinga field the Fresno
Democrat says:
Adjoining the Maricopa holdings are some
of the best producers or the Sunset field, and
it is said that many have already agreed to
co-operate In the new enterprise.
Several attempts have been made to con
solidate the feunset operators In a proposition
for the erection of a refining plant. None has
been succestful, but theie Is still hope. An
other eflort ie being made to consolidate. This
Is dine by Dr. O. B. Bachman and others, who
hope to be able to establish a. , plant on the
property of the Maricopa Company. Dr. Bach
man has been lu the city obtaining figures from
local firms on the cost of erecting a plant that
will have a capacity of 450 barrels a day. Un
der present terms lt Is believed that the greater
part of the capital will come from Minneapolis,
although Sunset operators will be interested.
Oil drillers will soon be working in the
district southwest of the Sunset field and
in the country lying between the San
Joaquin and Santa Maria valleys, 'iwo
concerns are ready to put up rigs. The
tendency to branch out into new Holds
and to consolidate is manifest. The gen
era", reason is that the conditions look Get
ter on the whole j than they did some
months ago. The surplus of the Los An
geles field has been diminished by fully
50,000 barrels by orders for fuel oil placed
in the "Arizona mines. Consolidations
have been effected that lessen the compe
tition and take away some of the dangers
that beset the market a few months ago.
While the prices for oil are low", no one
believes that they Will hold as low as now
in the immediate future. The consolida
tion of interests of the Summerland dis
trict is reported to be in sight. . * .
There are two stories of some import
ance in circulation in Bakersfield thfit af
fect the interests of the Kern County oil
fields. One of these is that promoters of
the proposed electric line to the coast
ircm the Sunset district have made con
tracts with parties who have oil to ship
to give them a rate of 15 cents to tide
water with an additional charge of IVi
cents per barrel to San Francisco or Los
Angeles by steadier. The other is that at
least two schemes are on foot to establish
oil refineries in the Kern River fleld. One
of these is reported to be promoted by T.
r. Spiers and the other is the King re
finery project, which has reached the
stage of selecting a site near the railroad.
The producers of the Sunset field may
unite to put up a refinery in the field.
The attempt has not been abandoned,
pr. O. Bachman and others are working
on a plan for combination. The Los An
geles Times says:
Preparations for actual dredging at La
Grange are being rushed by Messrs. Doq
little, "Wiltse. Brown and others. S One
steam drill is running and two others
wiH be put at work. The company has
bonded 1400 acres of gravel. There will be
I7Vz miles of ditch, carrying 5000 inches of
water. An electric power plant will be
constructed at La Grange". The Tuol
umne Independent reports a rumor that
the Jumper mine is. about to be sold. Con
tinuing, the Independent says:
W. H. Beynon of Rawhide has sold to Charles
PROJECT IS I<ARGE.
A deed executed May S for record Koes to
tnow that a company has been formed to
handle the Spread Eagle group of copper
claims in Flat Creek district, wes-t of rnnlev
The company i s called the Shasta. Mountain.
Copper Company.
The Bridgeport Chronicle Union reports
that Messrs. Chambers. Jarvis and Ner
rill will work their mine in Nope Valley
Alpine County. • '
The Plumas Independent reports that at
no time in many years has the prospe-'t
for mining in Plumas County equaled that
of the immediate future. In Onion Vallev
and along" the Slate Creek basin miners
are preparing for the early run. The Plu
mas alining Company is making arrange
ments to start up its old mill on custom
rock and also to operate largely on it*
?u~ n -r1 r . e :, °P era «ons are progressing at
th Zj h £ tl JL- Claybank and Chicago claims.
The Redding Searchlight says:
The new dre<lge at Teat's Flat was seti in
operation Monday and later was closed down
for a few n-.irior repairs, resuming operations
yesterday. The Risdon lion Works will run
the machine for several weeks before it is turn
ed over to the Syndicate Dredging Ccmpany
for which it was built. This makes the third
dredge operating hereabouts, and another is
now under construction. The dredge has ca
pacity about three times that of the one now
operating at Mississippi Bar. The size of the
hull of the boat If 86x30 feet. Electric power
will be used to operate the machinery, there
being six motors, consuming a current of 200
horse-power. Three shifts of three men are
required to operate the boat and fifteen men
will be given employment.
The Flacerville Xugget says
DREDGE IS OPERATING.
According to the Yreka Journal, an Ore
fron company has taken out $45,000 from
the old China Oak claim at Happy Camp
Fiskiyou County. McBride & Stewart are
prospecting the Williams mine on the
north fork of the Humbug. All the placer
mining companies at Hawkinsville will
rir.ish ground sluicing directly and begin
to clean up. An old river channel is re
r/orted to have been struck at Greenhorn.
The Baltimore mine near Forest Hill "a
running with fifteen men at work says
the Colfax Sentinel. The main working
tunnel of the Bob Lewis gravel mine had
been extended to 1330 feet. •An Eastern
company, under an agreement to pur
chase, is developing the proprty.
The Arnador Ledger says that Ballard
&. Martin have bonded a tract of land
north of the Bay State mine to Hay ward
& Lane for mining purposes, whicn em
braces about 160 acres and takes in one
rsile of the lode line. Men are working
tnd wlh sink a shaft. Forty of the sixty
stamps at the Oneida mill have been
working. Large bodies of low grade ore
are in sight in that mine, but the Ledger
rays that they are of too low grade to
be worked profitably. The South Spring
Hill mine has recently changed owners.
The mill has temporarily suspended op
erations. The company will be reorgan
ized.
The Redding Free* Press says that the
Great Western Gold Company has filed
deeds ehov.ing ownership of the Liberty
group of claims at Copley, and has also
1 urchased a site for ..e purpose of erect
ing a smelter.
Since 1S96 there had been scarcely any pro
duction of v chromite in the United States, until
1901. when California produced 3CS long tons,
\aJued at $o790. The imports of chrome ore in
1601 were 20,112 long tens, valued at $305,001.
*s compared with 15,793 long tons, valued at
I2S4.825. in 1900. The domestic production will
probably increase considerably in the immeci
ate future.
PKOPEKTIES .CHANGE OWNERS.
Chromite has been found in quantity in
Penntylvania. Maryland, North Carolina and
Caiifomia. The North Carolina deposits are
near Burnsville, Vancey County; near Dark
Riose trestle, on Dark Rldg:« Creek, Jackson
County; and sixteen miles northwest of Ashe
ville on Big Ivy Creek, Buncombe County. The
California deposits are luund m Alauwda, Ca!
aveias, Del Norte, Fresno, Mendocino, N'apa,
Placer. San Luis Obispo, Santa Clara, Shafcia,
Sierra, Sonoma and Tehama counties. By far
the greater jjart o£ the ohromlte used in the
United States is brought directly from the de
j)O6:t6 in Asiatic Turkey. The New Caledonia
deposits are beginning to be worked to some
considerable extent; the Canadian chromite de
posits in the Black Lake region of the prov
ince of Quebec, and the deposits of Bluff Head,
en Port aoi Port Bay, west coast of New
foundland, are also producing. The value of
chrome ore depends upon its percentage of
chromic oxide. The standard ore contains Oti
per cent of oxide, and increases in value from
75 cents to $1 per ton for every unit above 0O
per cent, the price decreasing in much greater
proportion for every unit below 50 per cent.
Copper continues to hold Its full share
«i public attention on the Pacific Coast-
California prospectors are out In many
counties looking for the red metal and
the maps and registers of the State Min
ing Bureau are bringing notice to many
cections. According to the Shasta County
papers, the Mountain Copper Company
has made a great success during the last
year, even taking into consideration the
demoralized condition in which the cop
per market has been. A new discovery
of importance is reported to have been
made in Alaska at the head of the Tanana
River, in the Nutzotin Mountains, where
there is a copper belt that is reported to
extend a distance of something like forty
ir-iles to the head of the Nabesna River.
No one imagines that the copper possi
bilities of the coast have been realized in
even the most remote degree.
Something of interest to the copper
miners of the coast appears in the forth
coming report of the United States Gco
lceicai Survey on the mineral resources
of the United States, in which Dr. Joseph
Hyde Pratt deals with ihe chromites oi
California, which, he thinks, shouid be
made of value in the copper districts of
this ccast. Dr. Pratt writes In part as
follows:
Geological Survey Finds Use
for Chromites Upon
Coast
Various Frcmisihg Schemes
Bid Fair to Soon Become
Realitiea
Search for Oil Is to Be
Pursued in a New
Field." Kv^
Copper Belt Forty Miles
Long Located in the
North. /
WILL EXPLORE
BEYOND SUNSET
MANY SEEKERS
FOR RED METAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, 'MAY 25, 1902.
34
If you wish to know where the finest min-
eral springs on the Pacific Coast are, so
that you can select the one^most desIr T
able for you, get "Vacation.
If you wish .to camp In some mountain
'; dell. ' or on the bank of some limpid
stream, get "Vacation. 1902."
I* you prefer a hotel -or a private home In
some beautiful town, get "Vacation.
1902J"
•¦ ¦"'•.¦'¦ ' ¦.* ' • ¦ ¦.. • i
If you prefer the free life of a farm, get
'/Vacation. 1902." /
This little book, "Vacation. 1902." is-
sued by the California Northwestern
'Railway. Company, gives complete In-
formation for any kind of an outhigr.
To be had at ticket offices of company, 630»
Market street (Chronicle building:), and
Tiburon Ferry, or at the General Office,
Mutual Life building, corner Sansome
and California streets.
Call or write for a copy.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN;, Gen'l Pass. Agt
WITTER
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. . LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases: Works
wonders In all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading physicians. Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R.; stage from Uklah.
Call or address
WiTTER P. O.. Lake Cp., Cal. .
Main office and water depot, 016 Market
street, room 64, city.
R. McCORMICK, Manager.
" CHANT'S.
Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming and fishing, xroquet grounds, hammocks,
etc. One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. First floor, one person in room, $9 per
week; two in a roqra, $16 per week. Second
floor, one person in room. $3 per week: two in a
room. $14 per week. Will also furnish tents to
•those desiring. Single person In tent. $6 per
week; two in a tent, $10 per week. Buy tickets
to Grant Station. Address Mrs. A. F. GRANT
Healdsburg, Sonoma County. Cal.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., 26 miles by
stage w»st of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 14S
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
Including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Prdprletor. i
r.I: TOCALOMA M £g: N
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m.
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E.. MANLOVE &- WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
¦ Leach). Proprietors.- ' .
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove":
now management; all refitted. . Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure: hunting, fishing, boating ; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager, Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect ; 16 miles from Truckee. in an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler office 20
Montgomery «t., or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS
Truckee, Cal. ¦
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F.. 2% hours- 5 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cure rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing.
Dancing pavilion. *10 & week and up. Free
bus to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
JOHANNISBEHG
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS', NEW HOTEL-
large dining-room; exhilarating air: hunting.'
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKEXBURG
JR.. prop.. Oakvlll*. Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery st. a
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town^Home. Sonoma, will meet guests>
Pleasant location. Plenty shade: nice drives;
rt'i I Sri !n . g: o frults: " ** r we€k - HENRY PEL-
LISSIER.- Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal.
WHITB SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA POSI-
tive cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all tralrs. Board, including baths, $8
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena, Cal. : • - "»
For rest and healthily fHESIERPAti
?? l !f.P ol i5f °?,°- p - R R Elevation Ju"sVright_
2h Oft —138 miles from San Fr. No.tiging^Eood
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds js.oo a week. Send foi
booklet Orchard Springs, Colrix, C*l
THE CEYSERsT"
; (Sonoma County). New management; rooms
plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
new, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
round: white help only; best livery: cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
HOTEL LYNDON,
Los Gatos. First-class hotel; large grounds.
Lawn tennis,' croquet and. popular amusements..
I Opposite depot. MALPAS & COSGROVE.
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE. |.
¦ t Near the ocean. \ Fishing 1 in only ' mountain
trout stream In San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. $2 per day. . C. P. MOSCONI, Prop..
Purissima, San Mateo. Co., Cal.' t
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer trie Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
AT
golf, tennis and ping pong are among
' the many diversions.. Johannsen's Or- .
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching ifrom the hotel •
throughout the valley.
GEORGE P. SNELL., Manager.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
PASO RUBLES H
_ A — Nature's own selec.
HI I W tion for a health and
. "X vJLV ¦ pleasure resort r bc-
__' , _ I_ w _ cause of the curative
Hp A ¥ TH properties of its mud
AlJLtJriJLi X JL1 and Fulphur baths for
rheumatism, insom-
.' A Kill nla - sout, neuralgia,
f\lllJ liver.kidney and blood
\ diseases. Has every
f\T C A CT7TVC natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C M. ARNOLD, «0 MarKct, S. F, A|L
ftyron Jfot Springs
•^ CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.— Fine
hotel, modern improvements, perfect ap-
pointments. Suites with mineral baths.
These wonderful waters and hot mineral
and mud baths cure Rheumatism and Ma-
laria without fail. Address Manager, By-
ron Hot Springs, Cal. . Call on Lombard &
Co.. 36 Geary st.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
. The largest and best appointed hotel in Rus-
sian-River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishlntf
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new " furniture. R. c. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. ; Duncans Mills. Cal. For
information and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery St.. or write R. C. Cal-
hour:, _ Proprietor. ¦ ." .. - ¦
. THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
.HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
_ School will be open to summer
JYIENLO guests during June and July.
rtA n t r Superior climate, excellent
HAKh. table; reasonable prices.- Ad-
" dress . IRA G. HOITT.
I Lake Tahoe Ry. and Transportation Co.
Lv. Truckee (Rail) 7 a.m. Ar. Tahoe City S a.m.
• ¦¦ ¦ Breakfast at Tahoe Tavern
Lv.TnhoeClty(Steamer)9a.m. ArTahoeCityOpm.
. * Bupper rt Tahoe Tavern
LvTahoeCltytR?il)«:30p.m. Ar.Truckee7 :20p.m.
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE ' BEST. BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open tor guests June 12th. Said
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains,", Try it and form your own opinion.
During June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
II you want to. . ¦¦¦
For folder giving full descriDtlon call at the
S. ' P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN, TAHOE CITY.
CAL. - "; /
THE TALLAC,
LAKE TAHOE, OPENS MAT 15TH.
With many additional attractions, among
them the SPLENDID NEW AMUSEMENT PA-
VILION. RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. .
Tallac. Cal.
Note — Positively j no consumptives taken.
BRCCKMY, LAKE TAHOE,
I , OPEN JUNE 1.
To avoid disagreeable waiting 9 for narrow
gauge and steamer, take ¦ " ¦
" THE BROCKWAY TALLY-HO
Over our short -cut.^It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays..
~~~ LAKE TAHOE.
Lakeside Park. Now open.. Hotel, cottages
and tents. Delightful camping grounds near
steamer landing; furnished tents to rent. For
descriptive circulars and terms address'E B
Smith & Co., Statellne P. O., El Dorado Co., Cal!
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake /shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for partlcu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
I ¦ :rubicon park.
¦ Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. - . Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
day, or $10, $12, $14 per week Postoffice f tel
A. L. Frost. Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal.
D E^R P'RK INN AN > C OTTACES
6 miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place; 6507 . feet , elevation. , Mineral springa
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet."
J.B.- SCOTT. Deer-Park. CaL" ' oo °*«t.
ITS FUN TO RIDE ON TttE
RicKly rir\isl\ed eiecl*ric ligKled
coaicKes : s\ipet*b service ewivd =V -if
eviisirve; bsvl-K.bajrbef; bYxPfetr, V< ,
Indies' drawing" room co^cK- >^ %?
2lII conveniences- make traveling
on tKe CaLlifbrma, Limited delioKtFm.
CMcagb iiv tKree d^s
City Ticket Office 641 Market St .
I G0R0NAD0 TENT CITY
1 Coronado Beach, Gal. -
i- /BATHING, FISHING; BOATING,
| GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE,
§ PING-PONG^ DANCING, BOWLING
§ and all other amusements, with one of the finest bands in the West and f several fine
W ; orchestras.- Economical, . comfortable and amusing. .
&. Round trip tickets from San Francisco, including ground and water rent,
So . now on sale at: . '.,"'¦ '' ¦'.¦*', • ['':'' .•¦' :..' . ."/ ¦,-' ' "•¦ *'"'¦¦', ¦ .' ¦¦¦ . '.'•\i' 1
g Atchisoii, .Topeka & Santa Fe.Ry.' Co., 641 Market St.. .$24.50 -'.'¦¦
q ' Southern Pacific Ry. Co.. 6t3 Market St. .......'..; .$24.50
££ Pacific Coast " S.S. Co., 4 New Montgomery St. ............ X . ... . . .$23.00 '
n ; , Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets
O over the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship Co. are not
8 charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this,'
8 as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer of
£5 150 pounds o? baggage. . ; . . ",
« Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion
8 tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per! month ground rent, which includes free
Q use of water. •• ¦ -" : ' : '. '¦•>¦' ¦ '¦ V : ' ' \ : ; ;: ¦..':.' '. • ¦
5 V' Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings at the following
8 : prices per week: ;y. ¦ ¦ ¦;¦ ¦. .„ ¦' . ¦ ' :¦;.•:. ' ¦' : ¦' . . ¦ ' • - .•¦ .¦ *..
g .. Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress, $1 25;" cot,' single. 25c; sprlnc
g cot, double, '50c u mattress,' single, 20c; mattress, double. .50c; pillows, Sc; blankets
» 2^c; f comforters, 25c; table, 25c;- campstool.. lOcj.'chalrs, 25c; rocking chairs, 30c*
w gasoline stoves,' 50c; oll.stoves, 25c; washstands.; complete,, 35c; cooking • utensils for
». three persons, 75c; lamp, with ¦oil,. 25c. : ¦¦-¦•i. .'r ,./'¦' ' . •*•* ;.
Q. per month double the .weekly '-.rates.' • i ' ", . ' ., . v^ . ¦
Q • . • Furnished tent for one oerson. $12 per month. For two persons, $20 and each
g .. addlti6nai person $5 : ; per ¦ month. Furnished tent ' comprises ;beds, bedding tables-
•ft 1 '- TI*? stands . rocking, folding and camp. chairs, clean linen, towels, water, dally care
O •¦; °r tent_and laundry of tent: linen. ',*. Tents 'electric .lighted.-. Perfect seweraice.
Q For pamphlets and full particulars call on i ¦ "
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
.ALWAYS OPEN.-
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. . Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER. KIDNEY, MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET. TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley. , ¦
NOTE' SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". .$10 per week
.l"o persons in room, ••small hotel". $18 per week
One person in room, "cottages" $11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"
_ •• ..$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL" ' ..¦
_ • - - .$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
.Families desiring to remain by the month.
For Illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' -Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office,
20 Montgomery st., or write direct to CRAIG
& WARNER, Highland Springs, Lake Co., Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3K Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catallna Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fishmer and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed ~ Boats arid Aquarium; Boatinsr,
Bathing:; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets at Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camp Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights;' Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Danciner. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY. 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, cr E. C. PECK, Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau, 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal.
Of/ m s%r%r\ hot springs, sono-
mSK MlfttS MA COUNTY; only 4V4
V#l/iWw hours from San Fran-
. cisco and but 0 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath In State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from San- Francisco
only $5 50. ' Take Tiburon ferry at 7 :30 a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. . References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. / Information at San Francisco
office, ,121 Phelan bldg.; Tourist Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery St.; also at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery St., or of . J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal. . .
/ETNA SPRINGS
NAPA COUNTY, )
Is ket>t scrupulously clean. Table and
hotel service metropolitan. 800 acres of
¦•-beautiful Park, Trails and Mountain
Roads. Well equipped Livery.
Watch arrivals published in dally pa-
pers. Your friends may be among them,
if not. write for Pictorial Booklet. .
EDWARD L. SANFORD, Manager.
iAPITOLA
' The seaside resort of Central California— T
enlarged and imp roved— rates per day ft and i '
upwards— open May jut — fine orchestra. I
Address for hotel, R. M. Briare. For cottages, I '
F. Reanier, Capltola, Cal. For general Jnfor- I
matlon, Peck's Information Bureau, 1 1 Mont- I
gomery Street, San Francisco, Cal. |
CD QDDIh!f}Q NEW MANAGE-
otluLtn ornlliud™>t ; -Ho.t bath3
. & mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, 'dancing. Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave., or
Seigler . Springs, Lake Co.. H. McGOWAN, prop.
WHITE COTTACES.
Howell Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; air,
pure and dry; delightful family resort; daily
mail; croquet; reg, bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $8 per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwln. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS. :
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. ' Climate perfect' On Klamath River.
Ratee. $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per
week. Call Traveler'Offic*-, 20 Montgomery St.,
or. address EDSON BROS., Beswlck, Siskiyou
County. Cal: - ' . , . : . . ¦
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
. A charming resort In the Santa Cruz Mt6. ;
2 hours from San' Francisco;- delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed; beet mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. A.'S. OLNEY,, Manager.
I ) UNCA SPklNCJS.
Two miles . from. Hopland;. best 'medicinal
waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL; Hopland. Mendocino Co.. Cal..
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. May 30, 31.
BULIN6AME HORSE bHQW.
ILLUMINATION AT HOTEL MATEO, S"AN
- . MATEO. . . . ' . -'
'\ Come and Stay^ Over Sunday. -."^
Adams
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
i For stomach, liver and kidney troubles-
positive cure for constipation. New kitchea
and dining-room, under the supervision of Carl
Raymond and Hans Mortensln and assistants.
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Five n<*:»
houses. Room for all. We have mor» testi-
monials from people cured than all other
springs combined.
For further information address
DR. "W. R. PRATHER.
Adams Springs.
in Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mile
From Big Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Camtras Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write THOS. L. BELL, P. O.,
Felton, Cal. Opens June 1st.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAC.E
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumna
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2V& hours first afternoon ard
9 hours next day, arriving at Tcsemlte Vallsy
5 d. m. Send for illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE. Gen'l. Agent, 630 Market St.. opposite?
Palace Hotel, S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
flMP T A VI (IB HOTEL. camp cottage*
WAilll lAlLrUA and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains
at Hopland. 1-cave HoDland at 12:30; arrive at
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs ar
7:30. New 6-horse 14-rassenger tourist wasona.
made to order for this stage line, with all th*
most modern Improvements. Passengers for
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Ticket* can b«
had at office Cal. Northwestern Ry., 630 Mar-
ket St., or at Tiburon Ferry.
. MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
X/^CWY SPHD7GS- 3 miles from Cklah.
» Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, flshln?. hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations: table first-class.
J. A. REDE MEYER & CO.. Props.
PIOHAKDPON'S SP^TTXGS —Ten
¦ » miles from Chlco. Cal. Ncted for being a
?ur« cur« for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia.
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. R1CHARDSOX. Prop.. Chico. Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable in Laka
Co.; contain sulphur, iron, magnesia and
arsenic: wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip tickets. S. P. office.
$3. J. A. HAYS. Prop. ¦
BEAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL— The original
Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room In county: new myrtle cottage; hunting,
boating bathing, marine toboggan, new livery,
croquet." tennis, bowling; free team* daily to
our mineral springs. 15 kinds. E~DURNAN.
Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE, 13 miles from Caza-
dero Grand redwood and mountain scenery:
good trout fishing: plenty of fruit, cream and
milk Dally mall, stage from Cazadero. Through
fare R. R- and stage. $3 50. For particulars
apply J. Luttringer. Sea View. Sonoma Co.. Cai.
UOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Cruz Mts.
ii Among the grand old trees; board $8 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 50. M. S.
COX. Laurel, Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
t! SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— TB 13
homelike resort is located in th» Santa
Cruz Mountains, 8 miles from Capltola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB, Soqael. Cal.
THE LIERLY RANCH— Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery beautiful. Wild gama abundant.
Good fishing. Best deer hunting in the State.
$7 to $8 per week. Jerry Lierly. Potter Valley.
THE OAKS & favorite summer resort oa
Branciforte drive, 0 miles from Santa Crus; •
dally mall, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA SMITH MILLS. Santa Crua. '
A-MTT A T>AT E ' FARM. SANTA CRU3
MOUNTAINS, cottage* and rooms to let, fur-,
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. EEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postoffice. CsJ.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose, CaL
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every;
variety of water treatment, electricity, ma*-'
sage, X-ray. Write for literature.
BELLEVUE HOTEL. — El Verano. Sonoma
County, Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouailhardou, Prop.
R~~ IVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 rms.;
Santa Cruz. 6al. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Long dlst. phone. Fred Barson. Prop.
fNG'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 12CO feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, flshin*. Terms. $10 & week: family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
RAND CENTRAL HOTEL. Guernevllle.
Cal. — New management : thoroughly re-
fitted and imoroved. Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Guernevtlle. Cal.
SISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Par-
ticulars "Information Bureau." 20 Mont-'
gomery st.. or MR3. L. M. SISSON. Slsron. CaL
BERGHEIM— Two miles, from Loa Gat03.
Ideal place: home cooking; $S per week.
P. DISQUE. Los Gatos. Cal.
TO LFT FOETFE SITMMER-FuT:
nished cottage in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery »t.
STAGE LINES AND LIVERIES.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO— Through tha
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward"s. Wurr's.
Belivale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R.
R. ticket* to Redwood City, 9 a. m. train. 04
and Townsend sts.: 9:20. a. m. from San Joae.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.
FAfil F STAR! YS Uklah. Tourists, camp-
CAULC JIAOLCO ers. hunters. Write to
H. A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescadero
¦ stage line, via " Halfmoon Bay and San
Gregorto. dally all year; twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. J.,vs. San Mateo 10 a.m. & 4:13 p. m.
- / ASHIO^ ' STABLES. UKIAH AND WIL^
¦» ta — Tourists, camcers. hunters*, writs J.
H.. Smith, Ukiah. Smith A - Taylor. Wlllits. for
. any kind of turnout.
urfjTTi'B.. *». Arn?K_short route to th«
. VF*. 73 *™ ' 3 ho v™' staging. First-class livery
stable In connection. C. E. Humbert. Clcverda'.e.
r>lLRO? Fashion Livery; eood service: reas.
v» rates.; Ofc. Gllroy, Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
LOsTgATOS— Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
¦Fftrstj-clare rigs. Reasonable prices.
SANTA CRUZ-rSan Lorenzo. Stable*. Styl-
ish riss. Reasonable prices.
•|...NAPA...| Na P a . Cou!lt y'
, I SODA SPRINGS I Cal -
j COR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
~Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet
; above the Beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and
j Cold Soda Baths. Shetland Ponies and Burros
for Children. Two trains daily, 7:30 a. m. and
4 d. m. Address
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs.
¦ G — ; ." . 'O
BARiLETl SPRINGS
i Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
i .Strength; also, have a. pleasant vacation. .
• RATt-C -Hotel $10 to $15 per week. House-
j HA 1 CO. k Mp icg CotUgei $3 to *15 per week.
Send for Illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse- ,
! ments: Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
t week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
i quet; Billiards. Shuffle-Board. Ping Pong,
; Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank. 20x80;
! Hot Water. Vapor. Tub. Mineral and Ro-
man Baths: competent Massaglsts: Guides.
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O-. Bartlett Springs,
Or No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
o- .... - — -o
CRAG VIEW
(SHASTA REGION.)
Sets best table in the north (no Josh), $12 per
week; tenting for housekeepers.
H. O. WICKES,
•¦ Castella, Shasta Co.. Cal.
CAMP CURRY!
•Gives special rate to nobody, but gives value
received to all, as is shown by its 1400 guests
the past three seasons, more than one-half of
which were In 1901; 1000 guests are expected
in 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st. ; open May 1.
YOSEMITE.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
TlbtiTon ferry, 7:30 a. m., 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE. 807 Sutter st. [ Phone
Sutter 2371, 11 Montgomery st, : or A. V.
MORSE. Lytton, Sonoma County, , Cal. I
ftl ||_|___^ Napa County. The most
XT HOI OH 9 charming spot In Califor-
Oil nUlDlld d n eal 'rTrlVs^o'ver
picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good hotels.
. Summer resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday,
$2.50. Take boat foot of Market street 7:30
a. m. and 4 p. m. ,- .
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
" Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral spring*. Our famous
"VVl;ite Sulphur Springs ar« known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Midlake
P. O., Lake County, or call at office of C N
W. R. R. Co.. 650 Market st.
HOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S
. Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
pur week. Address WOOD WORTH /& MUL-
LER. St. Helena. Cal.\ '
KOWdUlCnildll Craz Mountain,, y«
• near enough to the ocean
'or a daily i»lt water swim. Redwoods and sea breezes
—a wonderful combination. SouvenJrjboolclet free.
Peck'i Information Bureau, n Montgomery Street,
S. F.,or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
OWN A HOME in t1 b f e u a l u CAMP MfcEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill'
depot, store, postoffice. Sausalito ferry, $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.,
ACUA CALIENTE.
Also known as California Hot Springs \ So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry or S
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendld-
tsblc. Come Sundays and try It. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many Improve ments: S12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, ' Proprietor"
Agiia Callente, Cal. , '
fill lAV T . SPR 1 NGS — Water,
III t<lt f climate, scenery unsur-
hl massed. .. Camping prlvl-
Jlk ' W | leges now. Trains from
I — - m.mmmm^m ¦¦¦ ¦ Third and Townsend st*..
Ha. m., 2:40 p. m. Literature on application
R. ROBERTSON. Gllroy Springs. Cal.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Sisson. Address H.- McGulnness. Prop.
I EL MONTE HOTEL, sisson, Cal: Expe-
j t-ienced guMes at hotel.- ¦
HOfPIN SFRINCS.
These Mineral Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside immediately adjoining the well-
known Bartlett Springs, Lake Co., Cal. Hotel
Pleasant View is again run by the owner.
MRS. HOPPIN. J - . u ! l * v >
"THE GROVE,"
Lake Tahoe, .half mile east of.Tallac. ;. Rates,
$2 per day, ,.$0 per week; meals, 50c; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery: boats" free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor.
Tallac P. O., Cal. f
! SARATOGA SPRINGS
I Better than ever this year. '..' Booklet and full
Information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st.; or
! R. R. office, 650 Market, or ' John Martens.
Bachelor. P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal. v
I MOUNTAIN HOME.
1 At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point In Santa.
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, bunt-
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. ' Stage at Madrone . Monday, Wed. v and
Sat. Train leaves S. F. 8 a. m. datly.^ Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas, Cal.. Prop.
j 10 fD COVIIORT HOME %£T%o l t
altitude. No fog; climate delightful, i Large
orchard, vegetable garden. •• Hot, cold baths
Spring wate»i Rates, $7 week up. Stag* meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN, Napa, Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS. >
Under new management. Now open ' for
business. Rates. $8 to $15 per week..
1 FOR £ST HOTEL,
I . r . ; alma.- ¦. ¦;• j
! Santa Cruz ' Mountains. Good trout fishing.
i Rebuilt and reopened.. B. BOHME, Prop. ;i ¦ , \
HOTEL LA HONDAS j -
W ITUATED IN THE REDWOODS.' GOOD
trout fishing. . Season now open. - Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. I. J. . SEARS. . La. Honda,
San Mateo County. Cal. -. J " ;. ¦' . ¦
TROUT FISHINC.
Vi Best in State at BOCA,, CAL. ! . J -
-V For Information, address ; Boca': Hoteh ' Boca,
Nev. Co.. Cal..-«n TRUCKEE RIVER, -j : "Butter, '. Cheese and Eggs.
There was no change in Eggs or Cheese,', but
Foreign Markets,
LONDON, -..May. 24.— Consols. ', 96%@96 3-16;
silver.- 24%d ; ! French" rentes/? lOlf , 10c; ;' wheat
PORTLAND. , May : 2*:— WHEAT— Walla
Walla; 66c; > blue, etem,' 67c. ¦.'. .
V. TACOMA, : May, ; 24.— WHEAT— Unchanged •
blue etem, 66%c; club. 65%c. . . , : .*^
OREGON
Northern' Wheat Market.
state of affairs nor did the bank t tat cm en t.
There is a disposition to await definite results
In South Africa and a feeling that there might
be a bitch that would again delay the decision.
NEW YORK. May 24— The only feature of
Importance In to-day's market was the buy
ing of Canadian Pacific, which has been in
evidence for several days past and which was
halted by the President's statement that the
general prosperity of the company was all he
knew of to account for It. The price reached
a record figure to-day at 128%. . This move
ment helped to keep the general market steady.
There were a number of special movements
**?¦¦¦ leas Important stocks, but the list as a
' v.hole was inert and closed at small changes
either way. The hopeful views of the peace
outlook In South Africa .did not alter this
New York Stock Market.
SEATTLE. May : 24.— Clearings, $601,794;
balances. $86,424. rv--. >-?. -i
¦ PORTLAND, i May j 24.— Clearings, - $301,897;
balances. $24,019.- ¦'¦ »."!"" '-* .'.: ; - :
SPOKANE. "May. 24.— Clearings, $199,166?
balances. $19,856. .. . '
Northern Business,
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, .May 24.— The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for this week were valued at $9,524,749. -
Exports of specie' from this port to all coun
tries for this week aggregated $403,421 in silver
end $2000 gold. :,-.:. v. •»¦-;:-¦• .:,.:-.¦
The Imports of specie this week were $23,623
gold and $2500 silver. : .--•• .:• ••. ~- "=
Exports and Imports.
COFFEB-^Spot — Rio. quiet; -No.- 7- Invoice
5%e: ¦ mild, quiet;. Cordova, 8@ll%c. Coffee
futures : ojjsred \ quiet „ and unchanged to '/ 6
•WOOL — Quiet; domestic fleece. 25@29c
' PETROLEUM— Steady ; ¦. refined New 'Ycrk.'
$7 40; Philadelphia and Baltimore. $7 35; do
in bulk, $4 85. . ... '•; ¦ . ¦ : . '
HIDES
18c; Call
dry. 24 t
-Firm; Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds
ornia, 21 to 25 pounds, 19c: Ttxai
25 pounds, 18c, ••;.¦,
- HOP&— Firm; State prime to chofce 1901
crop, 10®22c: 1900. crop, 14®16c. old 5«8c-
Paclflc Coast, 1901 crop. 17%®21c; 1900 ctod
] 4016c, old 5@8c. ; -™- p>
WHEAT— Receipts, 68,850 bushels; experts
247.264 .bushels. Spot, steady; -No. 2 red Kt*
elev8t.-r;-No. 2 red, 88% c f. o. b.ifloar'-No
1 Northtrn Duluth. 81% f. 0. b. afloaf No i
hard Manitoba, -80% f. 0. b. afloat. A sharp
decline occurred In wheat this morning due
to. the bearish crop, report figures. Liquida
tion was also helped by. favorable weather
news and lower cables. : Later, however, prices
rallled'a little on covering and foreign buy
ing. The close was steady at a partial V,c n»t
decline. Mty. .79Vi@79%c. closed 79«c- Julv
78^ / &'79^c. closed 70c; September, 77%®7T« C '
closed 77%c; December, 78%@79%c? closed
4C7zC« . - ¦ ' ,¦', ¦¦¦'.'
NEW YORK. May ,24— FLOUR— Receipts
15.0T-5 barrels; exports, '62,725 barrels. r.>uli
and easier. Winter patents, ?4®4 25; winter
Ftralghte. $3 85@4; Minnesota : patents, $40)
4 20; winter txtraa, $3 1503 40; Minnesota
ra^cnts, $-14*4 20; winter extras, $3 15®3 40;
Minnesota bakers, $3 15@3 65; winter 'low
gra-Jes, ?2 95©3 20. inter low
BAGS — Grain. Bags. June and July, 5%@6e;
San Quentin. 8.65c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine.. 7%®8c. < •
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $(5 60:
Koslyn, $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta,' $8; Walls
end. $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend,-$a 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannfel, $11 per ton; Coke, sis per
ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain ¦ descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $d 60
per ton, according to brand.
OIL— California Castor Oil. In cases, No l
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels boiled'
78c; raw, 76c; cases, 5c more;' Lucol, 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw. In barrels ; Lard oil
extra .winter strained, barrels. $1; cases. $1 o.V-
China Nut, 57%®08c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels. 70c; . cases.-. 76c; Sp«rm. pure
65c; Whale Oil, natural .white, 40®«0c j>erWal
lon; Fish .Oil.' barrels.. 42%c; cases. 47%c-
Cocoanut Oil. ibarrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
6SVic for Australian.
COAL OIL— Wftier White Coal Oil in hulk
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 20c; Astral 20o-
Star. 20c; Extra 8tar. 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.'
22o; deoJorUed stove Gasoline. In bulk 16c
in cases..- 22%c: Benzine, ' In bulk/ 14^e> in
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c- jn
cases. 26%c. -
- TURPENTINE— 69c > per gallon In cases a'nd
63o In drums ' and ¦ iron barrels"
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes • as : follows. , per pound. ; In 100-lb
bags : . Cubes, • A. ; Crushed and Fine Crushed
4.60c: Powdered. 4.35c; .. Candy r. Granulated'
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated ¦ Coarse, - 4.25c; Fruit • Granulated i 4.25c:
Beet Granulated ; (100-lb , bags , only)j none;
General Merchandise.
New York Grain and Produce.
LONDON. May 24.— The offerings at the weol
auction sales to-day were 12,245 bales. Com
petition was spirited and prices | were firm. A
good supply of superior combing was sold at
extreme rates. -Merinos sold weU at full. rates.
London Wool Sales.
WASHINGTON.. May 24— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balance In the general
fund, exclusive of the $160,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption.- shows-
Available cash balance, $188,650,679; gold,
$95,657,261. ...
Condition of the Treasury.
The temperature bas risen from 8 to 10 de
grees over Northern California and Nevada.
- Conditions are favorable for pleasant weather
FuBday generally through California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 25:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, warmer:
light northerly winds In the interior, brisk
tj-eeterly winds on the coast, with fog In the
morning.
Southern California — Fair, warmer .Sunday:
freeh <^iorth*ly winds In the Interior, westerly
winds on the coast.
Nevada — Fair Sunday, continued | warm.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday
vlth fog In the morning and at night; light
northerly winds, changing to brisk westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
the western half of the country
The pressure has fallen elowly along the
cosLSt and has risen over the Rocky Mountain
region. There are no marked depressions over
WEATHER CONDITIONS AICD GENERAL
i FORECAST!
San Francisco, temperature 7 a. m.. S2 degrees.
NEW YORK. Msy 24.— The metal .markets
were unsteady to-day, with a moderate Job
bing trade going on... Tin was quoted at
$29 05@30 25. . <. • •• -
Copper was quoted at 12c for standard, ppot
to August $12 55@12 65. for lake, electrolytic
$12 £5012 50,;and casting $12 12%®12 37%. • .
Lead stsnds at 4%c.
Spelter is quoted at $4 75. '
Iron was , steady and unchanged. :
New York Metal Market.
The sum of £37,000 srold in -bar* has been
received, us well as £60,000 from Australia
and £50.000 from Batavla. ' •"*
NEW YORK, May 24.— The CommercUl A4
vertlser's London financial cablegram says :
The sanguine sentiment is general, the strength
of the market | fair, the activity j centtrfcd
mainly in mines. Consols advanced to 98 !M6c
Americans were stagnant. Numerous calls
expire en Monday, but they will not disturb
the market as prices forbid It. "
London Market.
large 'and $1 50®2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75
®2 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for. Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 . for Brush. .;. ¦'-:
of Poultry, were .light and the quo-'
tations were unchanged.; Hens were dull owing
to ', i the ' large "- receipts " of , Eastern during , the
week." .There was a fair demand for good -sized
young stock,' but on everything else the mar
kef was dull. V , ;•:'.
Thereiwas'no change in Game." .
. POULTRY— Live ' Turkeys. 13@14c for ' Gob
blers and -14015c '.for Hens;- Geese; L per .' pair
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 5001 75; Ducks. $404 60
for. old - and - $4 5006 for young; Hens,- $i@5;
young Roasters. - $6 0008 ; old" Roosters.'- $4 26@
4 50; Fryers, $3 50®4 50; Broilers, $3@3 60 for
'Poultry and;. Game.
large; Garlic, '2@3c; 'Los Angeles ; Green "Pep
pers, ¦ 12%c;- Mexican- do. lD@2Oc; Egg, Plant,
from Los Angeles, «@Sc; Summer Squash, from
Los Angeles, 00c#$l; from Marysville, 76085c;
Marrowfat Squash, ' $13@20 - per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $15@20. ¦
New Potatoes had a further decline, as re
cctfpts were heavy and large portion were
green and poor. : There was a steady Inquiry
for choice lots for shipping, but as such offer-
Ings were scarce, there was little movement in
that direction. -. Old continued to drag and
prices were unchanged. ¦'..., . ¦
Supplies of ¦ onions continued plentiful and
prices showed little change. -
The usual quantity of Asparagus was re
ceived and sold easily at the quotations. Rhu
barb and Peas were unchanged, and. 'the can
ners bought a considerable quantity of the lat
ter, paying 50c per sk- for the. common and lc
per lb for the Garden. ¦ Other vegetables moved
off well at steady prices. A small shipment
of Wax Beans arrived from the river and sold
at 9c per lb. .' • " ¦ . •'.;
POTATOES— New Potatoes, $1500175 In
Backs and ?i 40@l 60 in boxes; old, $1 25®1 40
lor Burbanks from the river; from Oregon and
Washington. ?1 4001 60; River Reds, $1 30®
1 50; Oregon Burbanks, i for seed, $1@1 30;
Sweets, — -. ¦ *' :¦'<
¦- ONIONS— Australian.'- $3 60 ©3 75, second
hands; new : red, " 40@55c per sack; Bilverskins
4uffi50c per box.-. ' . ' ' . . ¦; -
(VEGETABLES— Asparagus, extra fancy,
$2 25@2 60 per box, $1 ,75@2 for No. 1 and $1@
1*50 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 40® 75c per box; extra,
fancy, j 85c®$l ; Green Peas. ; 50085c per sack :
Garden Peas,, $1@1 25 per sack; String. Beans
from Los Angeles, O0Cc per lb; from Vacaville
6@7c; Wax, - 6@7c for Los. Angeles . and 8c \ for
Vacaville: Cabbage, 75®9Oc per ctl; Los Ange
•les Tomatoes, | per . crate ; Mexican - Tc ma
toes, $2@2 50 per box'; Dried Peppers, 10@llc
per lb: Lob Angeles do, 13@17%o; Carrots. $1
per sack ; Cucumbers . from Mary s vllle, $2 60@3
per box; frum Arizona. $1 per doien; Hothouse
do, 40075c per dozen for. small and $101 25 for
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HOGS — Hive Hogs. 200 lbs and under 6Kc
200 lbs and over. 6<96%c; feeders, e®*^
bows 20 per .cent off, boars 50 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations. .- . ;.
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs, $2 6002 75 per
head or 4%@5c per lb live weight; yearlings 4
©4%c per lb. - . .
• The following quotations ¦ are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: -
CATTLE— Steers. 8%«9c; Cowa and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4®5c per lh.
CALVES— 505 %c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4@4%c; Ewes, 3®3%e per
lb (gross weight). : .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : ' ; ¦
BEEF — 6%g-7%c.for Steers and 6@6%c per
lb tor Cows. • ' :.-:..- ¦
VEAL — Large, 7©8c; small, 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@3%c; Ewes, 7%@
8c per lb. - • - •
LAMB — Spring Lambs/ 9010c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs/\7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. . . -
DRESSED MEATS.
The retail butchers have revised their prices,
as .will be seen In the first column. Otherwise
there is nothing new. The market is well sup
plied with all descriptions, and the feeling is
rather weak than otherwise.
San Francisco Meat Market.
ST JOSEPH, Mo.', May 24. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 125. Steady- Natives, , $5 35®7 35;
cows and - heifers, $1 5006 60:^ veals, $2 75©
6 30; stockers and feeders, $2 2505 35.
HOGS — Receipts, 5000. Steady. J Light and
light mixed, $6 96@7 £2%; medium and heavy,
$7 1507 37%; pigs. $4ff6^ -
CHEEP— Receipts, 1100. Steady. Colorado
lambs, $6 90.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, May • 24!— CATTLE— Receipts,
200. Nominal. Good to prime steers, $707 66;
poor to medium, $5@6 75; stockers and feed
ers $2 75®5 25; cows. $1 5006; hellers, $2 50
GX! 25: canners. $1 50@2; bulls, $2 5005 60;
calves. $2@-7; Texas fed steers, $5 60®T 25.
HOGS— Receipts: Tc-day,'. 13,000; Monday.
33 000; left over. • 5000. Steady. Mixed and
butchers' $6 90®7 30: good to choice heavy.
S7 15(37 30; rough heavy, $n B0©7.10; light.
$0 75S6 05; bulk of sales. $6 95®7 15.
SHEEP — Receipts. "1500. . Sheep and Iambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $5 50<@7 25;.
fair to choice mixed. $4 7505 50;' Western
sheep $5 25@6 25; native lambs, 5 $5@ti 90:
Western lambs. $5 25@6 90. " .
Eastern Livestock Market.
Beans and Seeds.
Local dealers quote a quiet market for Beans,
with a slight decline in large whites. ; No
other changes.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 10; smajl White. $2 40
©2 50; large White. $2 20@2 30; Pea, $3 25®
3 50: Pink, $2 0502 20; Red. $2 50; Blackeye
S4 90@5; Limas, $3 t>5©3 75; Red Kidneys
$3 B0@3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $2 5002 65; Yel
low Mustard,' $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50-
Canary. 3 %c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah
10%@ll Vic: California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%^
2Vic; Hemp, 3%c per lb. .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $l ; C0<Sj;2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, ; nominal.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about .l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy and 9c for«llght; Stags 7c"
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf"
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip. 11® 13c; Dry- Calf. 16@18c: Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings 20©
30c each; short Wool, 40©60c each; medium
65@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium. $1 50®2 for small and 60c for Colts-
Horse Hlde«, dry; $1 75 for large, $1 50 for
medium. $1®1 25 for small and 50c for Colts
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central . American, 32%c
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth, 6Cc; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6%®6c per lb-
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease. 2%®3%c.
WOOL — Spring, Northern free, 14016c; do
defective, 13@14c; Middle County free, 13015c
do, defective, 12@13c; Southern. 12 months, a@
10c: do, 7 months. 9@Uc; Foothill. 11013c;
Nevada. 12@15c per lb.
HOPS— 12o for fair and 13@14c per 'lb for
good to choice.
Hides, Tallow, Wool antj Hops.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
6AN FRANCISCO. May 24—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
/l*ratures were rexwrted from stations 1- Cali
-A '. omla to-day : '„ l i~, ';
\Eureka 56-50 Los Angeles 72-48
Red Bluff 90-53 Sacramento 62-50
Mt. Tamalpals .. 70-44 San Luis Oblspo. 70-40
Fresno 88-48 San Diego 64-52
Independence . . . SO-48
San FranclBco data: Maximum temperature
60, minimum 50, mean 55.
Weather Report.
Bran and Middlings continue very firm. Hay
shows no change, but the market is \ less firm
than for several • days back. ,' r ¦
BRAN— $18 50@10 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21<g23 50 per ton. t
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@22 per
ton; Oilcakfe Meal at the Mill, $25@26; Job
bing. $26 50S27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed, $1«@17; Cottonseed Meal, $2B 50.
HAY— Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do, $9 50@ll 50;; Wheat and Oat, • $9@11 60-
Oat, $8(310 50; Alfalfa, $7@11: Clover, $7@0;
Volunteer. $6 50@8 50; Stock, $6®8 per ton.
STRAW-r-40@tS5c per bale. *
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The -Financier says this week: The state
ment of the New York Associated Banks last
week showed an Increase of $4,825,200 In cash,
or $1,019,200 less than the amount estimated
on the basis of the traceable movements of
money during the week. The discrepancy would
seem to indicate that, the statement was made
upon rising averages for cash. The loans were
reduced by $8,546,600, making a reduction for
the two weeks of $31,454,700. At the corre
sponding period last year, it may be noted, the
banks reported a decrease of $14,700,000 in
loans, making for the fortnight $38,900,000. At
that time the loss in this Item was due prin
cipally to liquidations following the crisis early
in the month; now the loss seems to have been
largely due to the transfer of collateral to Eu
rope, the loans by domestic bankers based. there
having been paid oft and ¦ settlement effected
with London or Continental houses. It appears
ftuite possible, however, that the decrease in
oans last week was in part due to the payment
by Investors of loans upon securities which
they took out of the market, intending to hold
the properties until a. more favorable oppor
tunity occurred for. realizing thereon. The de
posits of the banks decreased $4,410,900. The
loss of loans, less the gain In cash, however
called for a- reduction of but $3,694,400. conse
quently' the statement Is somewhat out of har
mony. The required reserve was reduced $1,
102,725, which added to the gain In cash makes
an Increase of. $5,954,925 in surplus reserve
This item now stands at $14,301,450 against
$21,288,955 with the corresponding date last
year. The week's clearings show* decrease of
$142,000,000. following a reduction of $115,000 -
OOO-tn the previous week, reflecting In a great
part the smaller volume of transactions on the
Stock Exchange. Th« most important changes
in the items of loans, compared with the pre
vious week's statement, were by four of the
lioTof ba $ti6o.Mo kh tosether 8howed a re4uc -
Surplus. $14,301,450; increase, $5,954,925.
Circulation. $31,701,870; decrease. $2400.
Legal tenders, $75,316,200; Increase, $1,755,
000.
Specie, $171,923,000; increase, $3,097,200.
Reserve, $247,239,200; Increase, 54,852,200. ¦
Reserve - required, $232,937,750; decrease $1,
102,725. ,
NEW YORK. May 24. — The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows: - • ¦ -• '
Loans, $870,4S3.300; decrease, $8,546,600. •
Deposits. $931,751,100; decrease. $4,410,000.
Associated Banks' SCathnc'nt.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, urcal discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat. Groats, $5 25; Iiomlny, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50®4 75; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25- Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; in
sacks. $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 60; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. ,
FLOUR— California " Family Extras, -$3 50@
3 76. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for: Bakers'; 'Washington Bakers',' $3g
3 50. • ' •"•¦..' : ¦
Flour and Millstuffs.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half -barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces. 10%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels
pure. 12%c: 10-lb tins. 13*ic; 5-lb tins 13*,c
8-lb tins. 13%c. • . v *'» c "
"Market was a shade higher and firm Re
ceipts of Hogs, 37,000, against 68,000 last year
The strength was on this and on the support
of buying by prominent local packers. Cash
situation continues moderate in every respect "
. CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per lb tor
heavy,- 13%c for light medium, 14%c for lleht
15%c for extra light and lb'@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14%c- Cali
fornia Hams 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $10 per
bbl: extra Mess, $10 60@ll; Family, $U 60S
12; prime Mess Pork. $15015 50; extra. clear
$23; Mess.' $18 50019; Dry Salt Pork, 1214o
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef
13%@14c Der lb. '
' This market continued dull and unchanged.
Chicago was firmer, with packers liquidating
recent holdings. ¦
The Chicago report of Bolton, de Ruyter &
Co.- said:' .'..-, .. • . ....
Provisions.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: winter patents. $3 90@4; straights,
$3 40@3 80; clears, $3 20&3 60: spring spe
cials. ?4 Z0@* 40; patents, $3 50@3 80: No 3
spring wheat, 70@73c; No. 2 red; 80Vi@S0%c;
No. 2 oats. 43@43H: No. 2 white,^44U@4r.V«c;
No. 3 white, 44®44%c: No. 2 . rye, 5t*yj)6t)c ;
good feeding barley. 69@70c; fair to choice
malting, 70%(5"2c: No. 1 flax seed. $1 59; No.
1 Northwestern. $1 76; prime timothy seed.
*6 30: mees pork, per barrel. $li^l< 05; lard,
pe- 100 pounds. ?10 17%?»10 20; short- ribs
sides (loose). ?» 60®9 70; dry salted shoulders
(boxed) 8@8%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$10 20^10 30; whisky, ba.%Js ot high wines,
$1 30; clover, contract' grade, $8 35..
Articles — •/• Receipts. Shlpnients
Flour, barrels' 11.000 -11,000
Wheat, bushels. ........... 20,000 30,000
Corn, bushels 89,000 . 8(1,000
Oats, bur.hels .228.000 209,000
Rye. bushels 2.000 V 4,000
Barley, bushels 14,000 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Flutter
Market was steady. Creamery, 18f21 %c.
Dairies, 17@10c. , Cheese, easy, ll%@12%c.
Egrs,' steady; fresh, 15c.
Articles— Open. . High. Low. C'.cce.
De^r N °: 2 ;W «S& T3*\ M
July :::::::: 8 S8§ P^ls!
September .. 72 Vi 72% .72 , T2%
Corn No 2- ¦ . , •- • . fi -
July ::.::::: ei% 62% ei% .. «2*
September .'. 59% 60% 50 Vi "OVi
May^'Avfr?.^ 43% 43% $:«$
July, old .... 34 % 35% -. 34% ft . 35^
July. new. r. "37 — - ¦¦-- S7%- — 8«%- ¦ -3i%
Sept.. old.... 28% 29 28% 20
Sept.. new... 30% . -: 30% ., 30% 7 .. ¦-?. 80%
Mess Perk, per barrel — ¦ , ¦ , ¦_
Julv 17 00 17 07% 17 00 17 07%
September ..17 07% 17 22% 17.07% 17 20
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July ... . . . . .10 17 Vi 10 20 10 17% 10 20
September ..10 15 10 22«i - 10 15 10 22%
Short ,Ribs, per 100 pounds— . _ ¦„
July ...... 9 53 9 62% 9 55 9 02%
September : . 9 60 . 9 65 9 60_ 0 65
"In the western section It wa* too wet and
cool for rapid growth of anything except grass
and clover. On the uplands potatoes have
grown fairly well. Potato planting is not en
tirely finished on lowlands. The fruit outlook,
which has been very promising, is. no longer
60 good. Prunes, cherries and pears have been
dropping badly. The Injury is ascribed to the
cold raips. ,
•'Fsr'.y fruits have gone out of bloom and
apples are now coming Into bloom. Gardens
are backward.
"The correspondents of the eastern counties
r«?port that all crops ar making satisfactory
progress. Wheat has stooled out well and
rooted strongly. In come localities fall \rheat
ie six to eighteen Inches high and in seme
places it is "in the boot." Alfalfa Is about
six Inches hlg-h and growing finely. In Lin
coln and Adams counties, where there .was
moEt injury to winter wheat by freezing, that
•which was not resowed will probably be half
a crop: that rwowed will be considerably bet
ter. In general, the prospect for wheat crop
is excellent.
"After the first two days the weather be
came quite cool for the season. In the eastern
section showers were frequent anl copious,
while in the western section there was too
much rain. It fell every day of the week ex
cept the last.
The report of G. K. Salisbury, section direc
tor of the United States Weather Bureau, for
the Wjishirxton Crop B.ulletin. week ended
May 20. is as follows:
Washington Crop Bulletin.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr reg 110%lUH *s qr cp(new)138J-il37>4
4s qr coup.. llO^lllH 3s qr conn.. 107 «41CS>/i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oceanic S 5s — tm^i
Bay CPC 6a.l08%10S% Omnibus 63.. — ISO
1 C C G&E 53.105Va106 | Pac G Im 4s. — 100
Cal-st 53 ...119% — Pk & C H 6s — lUi
C Costa 5s.. — 111% :Pk & O R 6s — 125
I Ed L & P 6s — — Pwl-ut R 6s. — —
! Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Sac EGR 5s.l01% —
: Geary-st 5s.. — — SF & SJV5s.l21 —
: H C&S 5%s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 6sll2 lltfti
i Do 5s 97U — S P of A 6s
i L. Ang R 5s.ll8%tl»% (l:>09) 113^,111
I L A L Co 6S.103 103 (1910) ....114% —
I Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
I ' Do gtd 6s. — — C1905)Sr A.106%107%
I L A & P 53.104 — (190ft)Sr B. — —
: Do lem 58.103 — (1006) ....110 —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 129 0912) ;...120% —
Do lem Bs.l20Vi — S P of C lst
1 N R of C 6s. — — c xntd 6s. — —
! Do 5s — 121% Do stmpd.lO9«411OJ4
N Pac C 5s.l09%110% SP Br Cal 6sl39%.141
NCR 5s... 114% — S V Wat 6s. — —
1 Oak Gas 5s. 113 113% Do 4a 2din.l01% —
i Oak Trn 6s. .124% — I Do 4s 3dm.l01%102tJ
Do lst c5s.H3%115 Stkn G&E63.102 104
Oak \V G 5s.l03%104%'
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76% 77 Port Costa.. 6.1% 6«
Marin Co ... 5D — I Spring Val.. 90% 9OV4
GAS AND ELECTRia
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac L Co... — 50
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 37% —
; Mutual 3% 4% S F G & E. 44 45
¦ O G L&H. 62% 64 IS F G L Co. 5% 5*
Pac G Imp.. 38^40%| Stktrt G & K 8 —
[ INSXJTtANCE.
j Flrem's Fnd.260 — (
I Ain B & T..110 — First Natlonl — - —
Auglo-Cal .. — 90% L P & A 168 170
I Bank of Cal.425 429 Mer Ex (llq) 23 —
1 Cal Safe Dp.121% — S F Nationl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
- German ...1990 Sav & Loan. — '90
: Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.340 390
. Mutual Sav. 84 ¦ 90 Union Trst.1330 —
: S P Sav U..525 —
, STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — IMarket 99%101
Geary .J-.-- — r"- IPresldlo .... 39% —
POWDER.
Giant 73% 74 JVigortt 8H 4
SUGAR.
Hana 3% 4% Kilauea .... — 9%
Hawaiian .. — 37% MakaweU ..23^2*^
Honokaa ... UYt, 12 Onomta .... 24 25
. Hutchlnson • 13 — . Paauhau .... 12% 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.150%160 Pae A. F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 102% Pac C Borx.,165 —
Cal Wine As.100%101 Par Paint . • 26 —
Oceanic S Co 30 —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con '.. 74 00
10 Paauhau 8 P Co 12 50
$8000 Sacramento Eleo Gas & Ry 5s. ..101 75
$2000 S P of Artaons^b 5s (1909) . . . . . .113 75
45 Spring Valley Water 9O 50
Street —
JSOOO Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge).. 103 CO
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
.Board —
150 Imperial i« 00
2050 Monte Cristo • ._¦.. .......... 1 35
600 Sterling 1 82%
100 Sterling, b 90 1 87%,
MINING STOCKS.
The- following were the sales In the San Fran
clxco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha Con. . . 03 300 Mexican - 59
200 Best & Belch 24 450 Ophir ..155
. 200 Caledonia "... 8i 200 Silver Hill .. 45
200 Caledonia ... 80 SCO Union Con .. 2B
100 Con C & Va.1 W 7C0 Yellow Jacket 22
500 Justice 05
The following were the sales In tha Paclfl :
Stock Exchange yesterday:
I Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ... 82 200 Mexican ..... 67
100 Caledonia ... 81 200 Mexican £9
300 Caledonia ... 79 600 Ophir .1 55
500 Caledonia ..." 73 2C0 Ophir 1 62%
200 Caledonia ... . 78 500 Ophir 1 6i»
200 Chollar ...... 18 300 Overman .... 25
200C C & Va.l 47% 1200'Poto8l 35
2000 Con New Y. 01 100 Sliver Hill... 44
' 800 Hale & Nor. 22 200 Union Con ..26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
, . SATURDAY. May 24—12 in.
• Bid. Ask. Justice ...... 04 05
Alpha ....... 02 OSjKentuck 01 02
Alta ......... — 05 Bid.Ask.
! Andes ....... 03 04 1 Lady Wash .. «vt
I Belcher 06 .08'Mexlcan 57 58
Best & Belch 23 24 Occidental ... 23 2*
Bullion ...... 02 03 Ophir 145 150
Caledonia.... 76 77 Overman 26 27
Challenge ... 16 18 Potosi. Stt 37
Chollar ...... 17. • 10!Sava*e 15 16
Confidence ... 60 fS5 Scorpton ..... — 04
Con C & Va.i 45 1 50 Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. 01 P2 Sierra Nevada 22 74
ConN Y...-. — 02 Silver HH1 .. 43 45
CTOwn Point. 06 08 St Louis .... 04 —
Eureka Con.. 13 • — Syndicate .... — C8
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con '.; 25 26
Gould & Cur. 13 14 Utah 01 ' Of?
Halo & Norcs 22 25 Yellow. Jacket 21 22
Julia ..." — 04
• - ' ? '
The new by-laws of the New York Board
of Education provide that the marriage of
a woman teacher in any of the boroughs
shall be ; equivalent to a resignation.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. May 24-^12 m
Stocks continued quiet and featureless In all
the boards and prices showtd no change
worthy of note.
Sales on the Oil Exchange last week were
57.113 shares, valued 'at $63,619, the leading
sales being as follows: Junction. 9900; Kern.
1100; Monte Crlsto, 2200; Occidental, 2600; OU
City Petroleum. 8100; Reed, 9413; San Joaquin
Oil and Development, 1450; Sovereign, 3100;
Sterling. 17.100.
The Producers' Oil Exchange has voted not
to adjourn on Saturday next. May 31.
The following quotations for the United
Railroads of San Francisco were received yes
treday from Naw York by Bolton. De R-.jyter
& Co.: Common stock $25 12%@25 50; pre
ferred. $63 50@63 75; 4 per cent bonds, $01 @
92; subscriptions, $103 37%@103 50.
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket. .
• FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 10@ll%c; sun dried. 6@7c;
Peaches. 6%@8»4c; Pears, 6e9c; Plums, pitted
5@ti%<:; unpltted, 1%©2%c; Nectarines. 5%®6c
for red and 5%@6c for white;, figs, 3%££4,44c
rcr black and 6%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-408, tiU@e%c; 40-508, 5@5%c; 5O-60s. 4%©
4%c; 60-70s, 4@4%c: 70-SOs, 3%@3%c; 80-9ot
3@3%c; 90-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown.. 8c; 2-crown. 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c: 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached and 7®
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials id-
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers'
$1 25@1 35. *
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. ll%c: No
2, 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c- Al
monds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c for soft
shell and fJtl'Tc for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%e; Filberts. 12@
12%c. Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c, for bright and 9@llc
for lleht amber; water white extracted. 5<a
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark 4c
BEESWAX— 27%©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The following retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association:
BEEF— Prime rcast. 15@18c; Porterhouse
Fteak. 17%@22«.c; Tenderloin steak. 15@18c;
Sirloin steak, li^^l^: Top r"und steak, 12%c;
Beef Etew. 10c; Cornea Beef, SSlOc; Soup
bones, 4c; Soup meat, SglOc.
VEAL — Loin roast, 15Jj20c: Shoulder roast.
12U«flfic: Chops or Cutlets. 15@20c.
MUTTON — Leg. 12V>c: Fore-quarter. S@10c;
W f tew, gSlOc: Prime chops. 15@lSc; Shoulder
-#tr!iops. 10ifl2%c
SPRING LAMB— Chops. 15#20c; Leg, 15?
l&c: Fore-quarter, 12%c.
PORK— Loin roast. 15(fl6c: Leg roast. 12%c;
Shoulder roast. ll<S12%c; Chops, V><$ 18c.
These j-rices do not cover the cheapest
trades, as it is impossible to quote regular
prices on ttem.
Retail Meat Prices.
In the preparation of this r*port all proper
¦weight has been given to the reeentlj* pub
lished census report of the crops of 1699.
Statistician Hyde of the Department of Agri
culture has issued the following report of last
year's wheat, corn and oat crops. Th« esti
mate of the wheat, crop is much larger than
was expected and considerably above commer
cial estimates.
Wheat, acres. 49.895,514; bushels, 748,460,r
218; value, $467,550,160. Corn, .acres. 91,549.-
P2S: bushels, 1,522.519.891; value. $921,555,768.
Oats, acres, 28.541,476; bushels. 736,805.724;
value. $293.65S.777.
Government Crop Report.
FOR SATURDAY. MAY 24.
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks.. 5,300 Bran, sks 1 wxt
Wheat, ctls ... 79,593 Middlings. An.. - 4l5
Barley, ctls ... 8,120 Tallow, ctla ... 222
Oats, ctls 5d Pelts. Mis .... 47
Corn, ctls 2,310 Hides. No .... 2fil
Rye. sks 490 Leather, rolls .. QH
Potatoes, sks .. 2.C92 Wine, gals .... 86, SW
Onions, sks .... 750 Lime bbla .... 27s
Wool, bales .... 170 Chicory bbls... 3S
Hops, bales ... 145 Paper, car .... 1
Hay. tons 240 Sugar, ctls ... 1875
rHTCAGO May 24.— Wheat suffered materl
waToverb^ld on beautiful weather talk. Kansas
fine 8 wfth prospects o" 35 to 60 bushels to th«
r>«nsna Tlureau there was no neea to De irignt
encd ovfr It Even though It showed the crop
was 748 460 000 bushels, estimates of.eonsump
tloS- based 'on the same figures showed that
lh«re had been absorbed something more than
aU last year f s production. After, the market
had weakened on stop-loss orders coming out at
movVnTent. "ly worked up_to 73 % @73%c and
CK^r d n fl w?s by^the
Government report and there was a break of
We Traders eventually rejected bearish gos
sip' and figures on a crop that was past and
gene and null sentiment was injected into the
pit. July rallied sharply and doped %c up at
62 Oa C ts were dull and uninteresting. 'July cfosed
8t p^vi.U h , ad recovered aV stme^from yesterday's
decline Tne run of hogs at the yards was
smaUer than had been estimated, yet prices
»wp lower In spite of this and the grain
weakneu prices opened early slightly . easier
and upon the development of a good packers
support advances were made. July pork closed
6W%" higher, lard 5@7%c up and ribs 5c
futures ranged as follows:
There has been a quiet speculation in stocks
this week, as is natural to the season and the
various factors of uncertainty in the situation:
But with the exception of a period of positive
weakness during the first two hours of the
week's trading the undertone of the market
has been firm and unevenly strong. Prices are
quite materially higher for the week. This is
in large part due to the easier condition of the
money market, which has shown the results
of the attraction of the funds from our domes
tic centers and from foreign money markets by
the recently prevailing high rates for money.
The rates for call loans have settled down for
the week to below 4 per cent, and contrary
to the general expectation the rate for foreign
exchange has not responded with any material
advance. It was feared that the flret show of
east in the local money market would lead
to the withdrawal of funds placed here to take
advantage of the more profitable interest rate.
The fact Is that the large demands made upon
Paris and Berlin for New York account made
an insignificant impression upon money rates
at those centers, and there is still sufficient
profit to keep foreign loans in this market.
The pressure upon speculative buyers In the
securities market has been relaxed and the
process of weeding out undesirable collateral
in loans has apparently been completed. The
memory of this process still remains and is an
element of the animation which is manifest
in the character of the trading. With the ex
ception of the anthracite' miners' strike gen
erai conditions have been bo favorable that the
provision of better credit facilities has en
couraged the confident holding of stocks and
has made the market sensitive to light demand.
The damage done by the suspension of work
in the coal mines and the restriction of sup
ply is undeniable. The effect is perceptible,
especially in the iron and steel trade, and has
caused the iron and steel stocks to ehare to
some extent, in the depression of the coalers.
The heaviness of the United States Steel stocks
was associated also with the protests entered
oy some of the minority stockholders at the
meeting to ratify the stock conversion and
bend issue plan. Speculative holders of these
stocks were alarmed on Monday by rumors of
tne. formation of a powerful bear party and
by the sharp break in the quotation for the
new bonds when issued, which are dealt in on
the curb. Support was forthcoming, however,
and a steadier tone developed. The news from
the crop regions is attentively studied and has
not been unfavorable to stock values. The
stocks affected by the copper industry have
led . b y Amalgamated- Copper on the ad
vancing tendency and reported increasing de
mand for raw copper. The firmer tendency in
the silver market has also benefited some of
l^r rp™ C t° mpanleS - , Eur °Pean markets, how
nm-V* "? d a sr° wln S confidence In the ap
prosch of peace in South Africa. This has
been an . occasional Influence in stock markets
for a long time, but It is expected that It"
actual consummation must awaken some de-
CTee of epeculattve activity in many directions
Business in bonds has not been largl. bu{
4s declined 1. the old 4s «4 the 3a 3£ thin.
K Per cent below the closing last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST "
Sggft % S 6 % %• C1 8^
Atchison pfd 1,400 98% Isu fi*ii
Chesa&Ohlo 100 4694 4«<K 4«V
c A™t?X- 20i ?>] "* U
CM 4 Eastern 111.. 100 165* * 165" 164V.
Chi & Great Wertn. 700 29« 29 29U
Chi & G W A pfd. 100 89% 89% in
Chi & G W B pfd. tOO 49% 49 I*
Chi &. Northwest™. 200 250 249Si 24fl«
Chi, RI& Pacific. 100 174 174* 173*
Chi Term & Trans. 200 22 21% 21 .v
S W c T c & & T S t P^uiV. .™ 38 \ S M
ctls fcTi^pfd:: Jw^H-MH $
Colo Sou 2d pfd 4 o\/
&ia.laci ud l on w:: ** s?5&SS & 6
Denver & R G ' " ' "^S
Den & R G pfd ...'. It
Erie 500 37 37% 37
g£Sy$ ::::::: ..^ f? 67T - ij*
Great Northern pfd 184
Hocking Valley .. 100 82% 82%' 82 8 i
Hocking Val pfd.. 100 90*i 90% 90
Illinois Central .... 400 154% 153% 154%
Iowa Central 100 45% 45% 45
Iqwa Cent pfd * ...* 83«
L Erie & Westn.. 100 65% 65«i 65
L Erie & W pfd ::.. 125
Louisville & N 100 139% 139% 139
Manhattan L .... 41,000 133% 133 133
Metropolitan St Ry. 3.000 150% 149% 149%
Mexican Central .. 400 27% 27% 27%
Minnea & St Louis. 112
Mlfsourf Pacific ... 900 100 '99% 99%
M. Kaa & Texas.. 300 , 25% 24% 25%
M, K & T p'd '300 56% 56 55%
N J Central ¦. 190
N Y Central 2,200 157% 156% 157
Norfolk & Westn.. 800 57U 569i 57U
Norfolk & W pfd .... ..„ 89
Ontario & Westn.. 400 33 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 2.100 149% 149% 149^
Reading 3.400 62% 62% 62%
Reading lst pfd .... .... g^*
Reading 24 pfd ... ,400 68%. 68% 68%
St Louis & S F 600 6S'A 68 67%
St L & 8 F lst pfd /. S3
St L & S F 2d pfd ..I] 71a/
Et Louis SouwGtn ' 27%
6t L Souwstn pfd. . 100 59% 59% naS
St Paul 700 171% 17l2 17l2
6t Paul pfd .,* 189
Southern Pacific ' . . 800 C5% 65 65 ¦
Southern Ry .. 1,300 37% 37 37
Southern Ry pfd.. ' 84 ri
Texas & Pacific ... . . " 4ns?
Toledo. St L & W. . 200 21% 21 W 21
T, St L & W pfd.. 300 87% 37% 37%
Union Pacific 9,200 105% 105% 105U
Union Paclflc ofd. . 11,000 87% 87% 87%
Wabash 1.SO0 27% 27% 27
Watash pfd 1.400 44 Vi 44%. 44%
Wheel & lake Erie .... .*.* |l U
W & L E 2d pfd 34S
Wisconsin Central. 900 27% 27% "7V,
Wls Central pfd... 1.400 44% 44% 3S%
Express Companies —
Adan Y> •;• 200
American ., 205
United States 115
Wells Fargo ..,-, 205
• Miscellaneous —
Amalgxmat Copper. 7,800 71% 70% 70%
Am Car & Fndry.. 3.500 ~ 30% 29H 30?
Am Car & F Dfd.. 2,900 91 -90 00^
Am Linseed Oil 600 26% 26M. 2«'.
Am Lin Oil pfd .... ... gg
Am Locomotive.... .600 32 31% 31%
Am Locomotive pfd 200 93% 631? 83
Am. Smelt & Ref.. 7,200 49% 48V* ' 48
! Am Smelt & R pfd 400 97% 97% 0714.
Anaconda Min Co.. 1.200 119 us liR^i
Brooklyn Rap Tran 13,300 «*% 67% t«w
Colo Fuel ir. Iron.. 6,500 102% 100% 102
Contolidated Gas.. 900 223% 223 22*> V>
Cont Tobacco z>fd ..... iooVj
General Electric... .... 316
Hocking Coal 10
International Paper 100 21 21 21
Internl Paoer Dfd.. .... 74,;
Internatlonl Power. 7514
K C Southern 400 84% 34 31%
K O Southern Pfd. 3,000 62 61% 61%
Laclede G*» , .... L.... 88
National Biscuit '... . ' 47«
National Lead 4.00 23% 22% 22%
North American... 100 122 122 122%
Pacific Coast..... .... .... ea
Pacific* Mall..:.... 700 42% 42 '41
People's Gas .... .... 102%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,200 45% 45 45-
Pressed S Car Dfd: 700 85% 85 -85%
Pullman Pal Car.. .... 235
Republic Steel 700 '17% 17% 17%
The outcome of the coal strike Is also awaited.
The report that the control of Louisville and
Nashville, and, in consequence, the Chicago,
Indianapolis and Louisville, are, in a measure,
contingent and dependent on holdings under op
tions and FUggest possible complications. The
weather map was construed as favorable to
crop prospects, although showers in the North
west are not dried at this time. The bank
ftatement shows an encouraging recuperation
of reserves, but neither the increase in cash nor
the reduction in loans was fully up to the ex
pectations formed by the street. The effect
on the market was, therefore, scarcely per
ceptjble. The market closed about steady.
Confectioners' A." 4.23c;. Magnolia A. 8.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c- "T>." 3 55c :
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more
boxes. 50c more: 50-lb baes. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos— Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxen.
5c per 1b. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent.
The local bank clearings durings : the past
week were $21,359,788. against ?19,92S.546 dur
ing the same week last year.
Bank Clearings.
•* ' ~ LIVERPO 01 * ' * ':••! ' -
o wheat- ./«-£ ;•-%-; ;,?&
.\,,u , • .May Sert.
¦Wheat—. .„ .-22 00 20 05
Opening «....••••-• 80 20 55 '
Closing ' '
Flour— 28 95 . 26 50
Opening • •••"¦*¦;.. 26 95 26 00
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orangea, Jl@.j 50.
according to size and quality; Seedlings, $1 50
@2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, |1 25®:: 50; St
Michaels, $1 50(32; Valencias, $2 50@3 50; Malta
Blood Oranges, $1 500. 2; Tangerines, in quar
ter boxes, 50c@$l and $1 25@1 50 in half boxes;
Lemons, 75c@$l for common and $1 25@1 75
for goo'd to choice and $2@2 75 for fancy; Grape
Fruit, 75c@$2; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Ba
nanas, $2 25®:t per bunch for New Orleans and
$2@2 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen. . V ;<
CHERRIES — White, 3S@75c per box; in bulk,
3<g5c; Black, 50@85c per box and 5@6c in bulk.
There was no change in Citrus fruits. .
STRAWBERRIES— $6®9 per chest for Long
worths and $4 50@6 for Mallndas: crates from
Watsonville, ; from Florin, 85c@$l.
RASPBERRIES — $l<g>l 25 per drawer.
GOOSEBERRIES— 20@25c \ per drawer and
!%@2%c In bulk; English, per drawer and
In bulk.
CURRANTS— $1@1 25 for large drawer and
60@75c for small drawer.
APRICOTS — From Yuma, $2 75@3 per crate.
APPLES — $1«2 50 per . box, according to
quality. *
Boms extra choice brands of Black Cherries
sold as high as $1 and some poor stock as low
as 35c, but the most of the offerings sold with
in the quoted range. Receipts were large and
the market was well cleaned up at the clow
of business.
The first Logan Berries of the season came
in from Fresno, four crates being received.
Each crate contained 24 baskets, which were
offering at 20c per basket, but found few buy
ers, as the berries were received too late in
the day. Raspberries from Loomia arrived late
also, and were not sold up to a late hoar. ,
There was a brisk demand for all kinds of
fruit yesterday, as is usual on Saturday.
Strawberries were firmer and the market
cleaned up at an- advance, but only strictly
choice lots brought the top quotations.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Foreign Futures.
Con for money. 96 3-l'5 N Y Central. ... .161
Consols for acct96 3-16 Nor & West 58V4
Anaconda «>^:Nor & West pfd. 92
Atchison «2>^;Ont & West 34
Atchieon pfd 101 Vi' Pennsylvania ..:. 70%
Bait & Ohio 10951 ! Reading 32%
Can Pac 138% j Reading 1st pfd., 42%
Ches & Ohio 48 (Reading 2nd pfd. 35 H
Chi Gt Western.. 3014 Southern Ry .... 38%
Chi M & St P... 175*; Southern Ry pfd. 07U
D & R G 43% Southern Pac ... 66%
D & R G pfd 93 Union Pac .....;1OSV»
Erie 3S^i Union Pac pfd.. OOVl
Erie lst pfd 69% U S Steel 41%
Erie 2nd pfd 54 US Steel pfd M%
Illinois Cent 157 Wabash 27%
Louis & Nash 142 Wabash pfd 4i{
M K & T 26% Spanish Fours .. 78
M K & T pfd... CO
Bar sliver, quiet. -24%d per ounce.
Money. 2i4@2% per cent. , ¦ . *
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% r>er cent.
The rate of discount in the open market, for
three months' bills is 2%' per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
®r£list..~H* 2s 'ino-, Hockln S Val 4% 6 .110
dn^rn" 4 -— 108 ' 4 L & Nash un ' 4s. 103 &
2° | oup JOS% Mex Cent 4s..... 83
do ™,n e 107% do lst lnc - • • • • • 32 %
2° 5°VP. 107 fc Minn & St L 4s. .105
do" ™ 4a re «--J36% M Kan & Tex 4s. 101
5° C ° U P •• 136G do 2ds 83.'
d« ™ S "S-'-lloft N Y Cent lsts.... 104%
S« £° u £ * "0% gen 3% S .....1O8
do ™,£* 10 * V * N J Cent * en 5s.. 138%
A^hi™ P •••;•• • 1 °5W North Pac 4s. ...104%
Kal? i ™f '•:¦•'• 22 % Norf & W con 4s. 101%
dn fizP hl ° 4a --102}i, Reading gen 4s. ..100
. 22 S J!V; 08 »t L & I M c 5s.. 116
Gar, S * 8 - • • • • 107 st L & San Fran . 98
£"V S ° u «? 2ds .... 109 Rt-LSW lets .... 98 Vi
h« i ? *?¦¦ Bs * • • - 10H 'i d( J 2d8 ..••••.. 84
ni,»o /Vi n , c> V • • ¦ 85^ 6 A & Ar Pass 4s. 00
Ohf s . & O hl ° 4J4s.lO8'/4 'south Pac 4s..... 05
r n^^ 1011 3^ 8 - 84% ; South Ry 5s,....1289i
£f* « new 4s. 05% Tex & Pac Ists...l21
C- >? St^ 1 P Tol St L & W 4s. 82U
r w-^yS 011 I 8 * •"*" Union Pac 4s.... 100
r on £ o P ? C is . • ¦ ll2V * d0 conv *¦•-..• 107%
C C&StLg4s.l04 Wabash lsts ....120
C-ni Term 4s g[» <j o 2da ; 110U
?r.1 & f- G ,, 4s ---1«»^ West Shore 4s:...114^
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% Wheel & L E 4s:. 93%
d ? S^s 87% Wisconsin Cent... 94Vi
Ft W & D C lsts. 115% Con Tob 4s;...... 66%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKa
Adams Con ...... .20| Little Chief .,... 12
¦AUce 45 Ontario ' 7 75
Greece 50 Ophir ..../..:.::. 1 40
Brunswick Con... 10 Phoenix ..... -on
Comstock Tunnel. 45% Potosi aft
Con Cal & Va.... 1 45 Savage n
Deadwood Terra. . 1 00 Sierra Nevada. ... 20
Horn Silver 1 30 Small Hopes 40
J ron . SJver -3 Standard ........ 3 25
Leadvllle Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Mrtney— U S Steel ....... 40^4
Call loans ....5 @6 U S Steel pfd.... 90V*
Time loans ...4%S5 Westinghouse cm.107%
¦ Bonds— • Mining— ¦ . .71
Atchison 4s 102»<i Adventure ... 23U
Gas lsts 94% Allouez ., 32$
Mexican Cent 4s. 81 Amalgamated ... 70%:
N E Gas & Coke. 54% Blngham 37H
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.565*
Atchison 80% Centennial 20
Atchison pfd 98% Copper Range ... 5S%
Boston & Albany. 261 Dom Coal .......135
Boston & Maine. . 198 Franklin n
Boston Elevated.. 163 Isl»Royale .....13 '
N Y N H & H...233 Mohawk 42%
Fitchburg pfd..,. 145 Old Dominion 21
Union Paclflc io5% Osceola 62
Mexican Central.. 27% Parrot .......... 30%
Miscellaneous — Quincy 130
Am Sugar 128% Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Am Sugar pfd 118% Tamarack ...170
Am Tel & Tel.. ..179 Trinity 13%
Dom Iron & S 55U United States ... 21
Gen Electric 314 Utah .. 2*2%
Mass Electric ... 44 V4 Victoria . .... 414
Mass Electric pfd 96% Winona 3V4
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Wolverine ....;.. 55
United Fruit 108 United Copper.... 36%
CLOSING BONDS,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— No sales.
-'Second "Session — December — 10,000 ctls, 84c;
12,000. 84%c; 2000, S4%c; 10.000, 84%c; 10,000.,
S5c; 6000, 84 %c; 2000. 84 %c.
' Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls. 84%c. . \
OATS — The local market was more active and
firm yesterday, though quotations showed no
advance. The Chicago letter of Bolton, de Ruy
ter & Co. said: "Market very quiet and steady.
There is still some uncovered short Interest
in May and the local operator to whom these
deliveries are due controls the cash property
and is in complete control of. the situation.
We see no object therefore In standing out on
short sales for this month's delivery. The July
option has a fair local speculative support, and
this has the encouragement of a good cash de
mand." l
Grays, $l'£7i£@l 45; whites, $1 35@1 50;
milling, $1 50©l 33; black. $1 25@1 35; red,
$1 32%<3!1 45 per ctl.
CORN — The market remains dull anl un
changed. Chicago .reported that the. Gates
party was supporting that market. The Chi
cago letter of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. said:
"The Government report increased its esti
mate of the total crop to 1,500,000,000 bushels.
The effect of this on the market early, was the
same as In wheat. There was some selling
pressure at the opening, but later the. market
turned strong. Speculative operations continue
on a very moderate scale, however, and the
movement Is so small as to have little effect
upon prices either way. There is no change in
local speculative conditions." • ' ¦ • .
Largo Yellow. SI 47%@1 £2%: small round,
do $1 30fil 50; White, fl 60@tl 62%.
¦RYE — 0l)@05c per ctl. :-¦.,-
BUCKWHEAT — fl 75 .per ctl and nominal.
In formal Session — 9«15 o'clock — December —
20.000 ctls. $1 12%. . ' . •
Second Session — December— 8000 ctls, $1 13;
12.000, $1 13%; 36,000, $1 13%; 14.000. $1 13%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$114%; 2000. $1 14; December — 18,000, $1 13%.
BARLEY — The market was a fraction higher
en the spot,' and also higher, with increased
activity, on call.
Feed, $1@1 01V4 for No. 1 and 97%@98>ic
for off grades; brewing and shipping grades,
$l@l»02 1 / 4; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool . futures ' were lower. Th«
French markets were unchanged.
Chicago opened weak on the Government re
port and fine weather, for the crops. The Gov
ernment report made the crop figures generally
larger than expected. Snow's report estimated
the winter wheat crop at 400,000,000 bushels.
The quantity remaining in farmers' hands is.
normal. Minneapolis stocks decreased 980,477
bushels. There was a good snipping demand,
and New Yort reported 60 loads taken for ex
port. • ¦ ' . ¦' ¦' ¦¦ v ' • - , -
The Chicago letter of Bolton. de Ruyter &
Co. said: "Market here opened weak. The
increase in the Government's estimate of last
year's crop induced a good deal ¦ of realizing.
Later, however, the trade was ' more disposed
to modify their feeling In regard to the re
port. The second judgment is that the In
crease Is a relative one." The department is
manifestly trying to harmonize the basis of
Its estimates with the basis of the Census Bu
reau. If they originally underestimated this
crop, they have, by the same process of figur
ing, been underestimating previous crops. It
naturally follows all this that if production has
been underestimated, consumption has been
underestimated also. The market turned firm
later on this conclusion, and' also on reported
liberal export demand , at ihe seaboard, with
the large clearances for the day. The weather
continues in the main favorable for this crop,
the Southwest reports inci easing farmers' de
liveries, and some sources in the Northwest also
indicate an increase in the movement there.
Tho closing was on the whole strong." t
This market was firm, at an advance..
' Spot Wheat — Shipping, }1 13%@1 15; milling,
§1 ieV4@l 17% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Weekly bank clearings show the usual gain over last year.
Local stocks and bonds very quiet.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures firmer and spot Barley higheir.
Oats firm, with increased activity.
Corn and Rye as previously quoted. ¦"¦'•'¦
Hay easy. Bran and Middlings firm. \'
Beans inactive and rather weak.
Dairy Exchange ceases to establish quotations. . ;^; :
Butter slightly higher. Cheese and Eggs unchanged. ;
Nothing new in Dried Fruits. J i
Provisions continue dull in all positions. \
Retail butchers revise their price lists.
New Potatoes continue to decline. Onions plentiful. . .
Nothing new in Poultry and Game.
Brisk Saturday demand for Fresh Fruits.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight. — 4 88 .
Sterling Cables'.. — 4 89;
New York Exchange, sight — - * 15'
New York Exchange, telegraphic 17%
Silver, per ounce '...; — 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ — 45%
Exchange and Biillioti.
Republic Steel pfd. 700 74tf 74 74%
as&va .-=« -a* ¦& ¦/a--
We S stern el u P nion:::: : ??* *°* , gg
Total sales....... 227.000' share.. >
- LONDON. May 24. — Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard 'California,' 6s 5%d@6s 6d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, quiet and steady. "
cargoes on passage, depressed ; No. 1 standard
California. 31s; Walla Walla, 29s l%d; English
country markets quiet. -¦•'¦;
- . DRIEP FRTJIT6.
Evaporated apples continue firmly held, ow
ing to the small ; offerings,' but slow. Prices
remain about' as last quoted. '¦• State, common
to good, 7J/-9Vio; prime. 9%®14c: choice. 10W.
@]0%c; fancy, 10% ©lie. .
;¦ Prunes are steady and for new fruit In fair
jobbing request, chiefly for large sizes.. Apri
cots and peachea are without feature and quiet
and steady. Prunes, 3%@C'4c.
APRICOTS— Boxes, 10% @14c; bags, 10%®
12c. . • ¦ ¦ - ¦:..'.
PEACHES — Peeled, : 14@16c: unpeeled, 814®
JlC. . ¦ ¦.•'¦•_•¦.'."'
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining: No. 2,
2T$c: ¦ Centrifugal, 96 test, 3 7-16c; molarses;
2 1-16c; refined, steady;. NO. 6, 4.10c: No. 7,
4.00c; No. 8, 3.90c: No. '9, 3.85c; No.. 10,
3.80c; No. 11, 3.75c; No. 12. 3.75c; No. 13.
3.70c; No. .14, ,3.70c; standard A, 4.45c;-con
fectioners' A,- 4.45c; . mold : A, 6c; cut leaf,
5.15c: crushed, 5.15c; powdered; 4.75c; granu
lated, 4.85c; cubes. 4.90c."
points ¦ lower, after which | there were unim
portant ¦ changes • with ; speculation almost en
tirely of a local professional character. Closed
steady and net ¦ unchanged to ¦¦ 5 ; points lower.
Total sales were 18,500 bass, including June
at" $5@5 05; July, ?5 10; -September, ._£5 25®
5 30; October, $5 35; November, $5 40; Decem
ber. $5 60; March, $5 70@5 75; April,. $5 80. :
EGGS — Ranch, . 18%@19c- for fancy and 16®
18c for fair to good; store, 15@16%c per
dozen.
CHEESE— New. 8%©9%c; old. 9011c: Young
America. 8f210c; Eastern, 13<S15c per pound.
• BUTTER — Creamery, 20@21c per pound for
fancy, 19@19%c for firsts and 18@13%c for sec
onds; dairy, 16@19c; store Butter, 14@16o per
pound.
Receipts were 66,400 pounds, 5 barrels. 8 kegs
and 277 tubs of Butter, 1296 cases of Eggs.
cases of Eastern Eggs, 7150 pounds of Califor
nia Cheese and pounds of Oregon Cheese.
Butter was firmer, dealers quoting 21c for the
best creamery- Stocks of Butter are now lower
than for some little time, owing to the packing
and the few outside, orders already mentioned.
The Dairy Exchange did not make Its usual
quotations yesterday, and will not probably for
some time to come. , Indeed, there are hints
that ¦ it will not make any more at any time.
There were also reports that a number of
houses would resign from the body, but these
rumors could not be positively verified. Inquiry
among 1 the members elicited ' the Information
that some of them have for months been dis
satisfied with doing business on fixed quota
tions established by the dairy trade as a body,
and desire to buy and sell on their own indi
vidual prices. Be this as it may, It is certain
that the condition of the exchange is one of in
decision at the moment, and what it will do
in reeard to the future is very uncertain. An
account of the matter appears in the local
columns.
THE SAK FRANGISGO CAiLL, SUNDAY, MAY; 25, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
LOCAL MARKETS,
Chicago Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
THE COAST RECORD.
35
1 III! i I!
STATIONS. £ 5§ *g : § g"*
: c c : - :
l •* 2
7
a
I
Astoria. ...30.08 62 60 NW Cloudy
Baker 30.04 68 38 N Cloudy
Carson :...29.S4 74 40 N Clear
Eureka 30.02 56 50 NW Clear
Freeno ,29.60 88 54 NW Pt Cldy
Flagstaff 29.82 72 54 S Clear
Pocatello. Ida. 29. 94 70 48 EW Clear
Independence.. 29. R2 80 48 S Pt Cldy
Los Angeles... 29. 66 72 48 W Clear
Phoenix 29.68 96 56 XW Clear
Portlaad 30.04 70 44 VW Pt Cldy
P.ed Bluff 29.74 M 56 K Clear
Roseburg- 30.00 76 42 NW Clear
Eacramento...29.62 62 50 S Clear
6alt Lcke 29.96 70 4fi N~W Clear
Ban Francisco.23.94 64 48 W Clear
6. L. Oblepo...29.92 70 42 W Clear
Ban Dleso 23.S8 64 62 ?TW Clear
Seattle 30.10 66 42 N Cloudy
Spokane 30.06 68 46 8 Cloudy
XeahBay 30.08 64 48 NW Cloudy
Walla Walla.. 30. 04 72 48 8 Pt Cldy
Winnemucca. .29.94 74 38 N Clear
Turn* 29.68 »4 62 W Clear
.00
.00
•.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.CO
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
1 III! i I!
STATIONS. £ 5§ *g : § g"*
: c c : - :
l •* 2
7
a
I
Astoria. ...30.08 62 60 NW Cloudy
Baker 30.04 68 38 N Cloudy
Carson :...29.S4 74 40 N Clear
Eureka 30.02 56 50 NW Clear
Freeno ,29.60 88 54 NW Pt Cldy
Flagstaff 29.82 72 54 S Clear
Pocatello. Ida. 29. 94 70 48 EW Clear
Independence.. 29. R2 80 48 S Pt Cldy
Los Angeles... 29. 66 72 48 W Clear
Phoenix 29.68 96 56 XW Clear
Portlaad 30.04 70 44 VW Pt Cldy
P.ed Bluff 29.74 M 56 K Clear
Roseburg- 30.00 76 42 NW Clear
Eacramento...29.62 62 50 S Clear
6alt Lcke 29.96 70 4fi N~W Clear
Ban Francisco.23.94 64 48 W Clear
6. L. Oblepo...29.92 70 42 W Clear
Ban Dleso 23.S8 64 62 ?TW Clear
Seattle 30.10 66 42 N Cloudy
Spokane 30.06 68 46 8 Cloudy
XeahBay 30.08 64 48 NW Cloudy
Walla Walla.. 30. 04 72 48 8 Pt Cldy
Winnemucca. .29.94 74 38 N Clear
Turn* 29.68 »4 62 W Clear
.00
.00
•.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.CO
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SHE
i^> £?» JS^j
NEXT TUESDAY,
May 27th, at 11 a. m.,
— -I Will Sell
FORTY FINE HORSES,
Weighing; from 1000 to 1300, sired by Almonl.
tlon 2:24%. Bay Rose 2:20%. Beau Brumma)
2:16% and Alonzo Hayward 2:30. out of cholc«
Trotting Mares. They were bred at th» Alisa,
and' San Marcos ranches. Santa Barbara. an4
include many fine drivers, as well as well-
matched teams. All of these were raised m th«
mountains and have the best of constitutions.
Just the kind that will not wear out. Send foi
catalogue.
OCCIDENTAI. HORSE EXCHANGE.
WM; G. LAYNG. Auctioneer. 246 Third st.
Auction Sale
Of the Seas:n at 1140 Folsom St.
TUESDAY, MA Y^27,
V~ *" 5L' I . wlU , se11 t** entlr « contents of th«
San Francisco Horse and Buggy Exchange,
consisting of all styles of camp, express, ped.
dllng and grocery wagons, carts, rubber tira
top and business buggies of all styles, and ovei
fifty sets of single and double harness 20 cheas
horses, suitable for camping and peddling: alsu
two carloads of the best all-purpose horses thai
ever were offered at auction; all sound and gen-
tie, bo don't miss this sale; one chance in a
lifetime to get Juat what you are locking foi
for a little money.For Employment Wanted, Etc., 8—
Page Thirty-Eight.
THE SAN; FEMCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1902.
36
SAN FRANCISCO CALL-
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets; open
trrtll 12 o'clock: every nirht ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
BOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
639 McAllister street: open until 8:30 p. m.
£15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. .
19<1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m,
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m,
1C6 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m. " "
2^00 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES, t .-
CENTRAL Church, Mission St., between Sixth
and Seventh — Pastors, Arthur H. Briggs and.
Herbert F. Briggs; 11 a. m.. sermon and
sacrament of the Lord's supper; 12:45 p. m.,
Sunday-school. Koila V. Watt, superintend-
ent; C:15 p. m.. Societies -of Christian En-
deavor; 7:30 p. ra., concert by choir and
orchestra. Programme — Selection ¦ (Auber),
orchestra; anthem, "Spirit Immortal"; violin
solo, "Confidence" and "Spring Song" (Men-
delssohn). Charles E. Robson; vocal solo.
Miss Logan Tooley: S p. m.. Rev. W. W.
Case. D.D., presiding elder of the San Fran-
cisco district, gives an address on "The Holy
City," based upon his recent trip abroad.
Choirmaster, Mr. Louis William Weer. The
seats are free and the people are welcome.
UNITARIAN Church (First),- southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt niini6ter; Charles A. Murdock, supt.
of Sunday school. The Sunday school Is at
10 o'clock. The morning service is at 11
o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavitt will preach;
subject, "Unconscious Influence." Special
music by choir, H. 'Bretherick organist and
director. Last meeting of Sunday school be-
fore recess. Prof. Jordan of Stanford Uni-
versity will occupy the pulpit next Sunday.
All are cordially invited. There is no even-
Ins eervice.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth Bts. — Rev. E. F- Dinsmore,
minister. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock.
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills will preach at 11
o'clock. Subject "The Religion- of Jesus."
The musical programme will include an in-
strumental quartet "Andante Cantabile"
(Mendelssohn) ; a vocal trio, " 'Twas Ever
So" (Beethoven)); a cello 60I0, "Traumerei"
(Schumann), ty William Wertsch Jr.. and
a bass solo. "Cast Thy Bread Upon the
Waters" (Lily), by William Strunz. Seats
are all free and strangers welcome.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett st,
near Twenty-third — Morning service, 11
o'clock. Subject. "Gaining the Victory."
Preacher, Rev. J. George Gibson. Evening,
7:45. Subject, "Heroes." Tenor solo. "King-
dom of God" (Lloyd), by Otis M. Carrington.
Barytone solos (1), "Hide Me" (Davis), (2)
"Prince of Peace" (Hull), by Rev. Dr. Glb-
son. Organist Miss Lotta Underbill.
THE ladles of Emmanuel* Church will hold a
rummage sale, commencing Saturday, May
31, at 734 Greenwich Et., corner Montgomery.
All contributions thankfully received.
HAMILTON Square Baptist Church. Post and
Steiner ets. — Rev. L. J. Sawyer of Seattle
will preach on Sunday, May 25, at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. You are cordially Invited
to be present .
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Poet and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D..
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. ro... topic. "Estimates of Christ" At
7:43 p. m., a memorial service commemora-
tive o£ Decoration day. at which George H.
Thomas Post, G. A. R.. will be present in
a body. Special music by the choir; Samuel
D. Mayer, organist and choirmaster. Ser-
mon by the pastor. Topic, "Remember the
Days of Old." All are cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st.,
liear Webster — Rev. F. B. Cherington, D.D.,
pastor. 11 a. m., children's day exercises
by the Sunday school. 7:15 vesper service.
Memorial day address by pastor. Old sol-
diers especially invited. Sunday school, 9:30
a. m.. Morris Marcus, superintendent. •
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento et. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie, pastor. Morning sen-ice at 11- ser-
mon by Rev. Mr. Guthrie. Evening sen-ice
at 7:45. Lincoln, Garfield and Meade Posts
and Corps. G. A. R.. will be in attendance.
Rev. Mr. Guthrie will preach a memorial
sermon. Sabbath school at 12:45 p. m
Senior Bible class, led by Mrs. Berry-Good-
win, 1 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 p. m.
Grayer meeting on Wednesday evening at 8.
AH are cordially invited.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough Bts
—Holy communion, 7:30 a. m. Sunday
school, 9:30 a. m. Morning service with
holy communion, 11 a. m. Sermon by Rev
Clafton Muron- Special musical eervice at
people's one-hour service at 8 p. m. You are
cordially invited. (
EEVEKTH Day Adventist Church 914 Laguua
Et^. bet. McAllister and Golden Gate av-
Preaching this evening at 7:45 o'clock by the
pattor. Elder W. S. Sadler; subject. "Ques-
tion Box^'; all have an. opportunity to ask
practical- questions on Bible subjects. A
cordial invitation is extended to alL Seats
FI^ S I * of Christ - Scie ntlst Central
block, 223 Sutter et., between Kearny and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at il
a. m. ; subject of lesson-sermon "Anclejit
and Modern Necromancy, or Mesmerism and
Hypnotism." Sunday-school for children at
the same hour. Wednesday evening meeting
at 8 o clock. Free reading-rooms 206 Kearny
Et., rooms 509-510. All are welcome.
A G RE AT mass-meeting for men will be held
this Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock at the
Young Men's Christian Association Audi-
torium. Mason and Ellis sts.; address by
Rev. J. Henry Smythe. D.D.. of Philadelphia-
B S fcJ^V.' LIfe What We Make "" No man"
should fail to hear this distinguished divinu
Seats free to ail men. H. H. Barnhart will
sine.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS will deliver an es-
pecially interesting lecture on "The Transient
and the Permanent in Christianity" at
Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter St.. at 8 o'clock.
Mrs. Emily Cocklin Lucey will sing. The
lecture will be siven under the auspices of
the Unity Club, but the admission and all
seats will be free. Doors open at 7:30.
THE TheoBophical Society (Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott president founder). Pacific Coast head-
quarters. Odd Fellows' building— Public lect-
ure to-night by Mr. W. J. Walters, subject
"Earthquakes and Cataclysms"; lecture Il-
lustrated by stereopticon views: the lending
library for theosophlcal books open daily from
1 to 4 z>. m.
THEOSOPHICAL Society' (under leadership . of
Anna Besant) — Free popular lectures every
Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood building, 809 Mar-
ket st Subject to-night "Reincarnation."
by Dr. Jerome A. Anderson. Bibte class 11
\ a. m.. conducted by MIs s M. A. Walsh. In-
quirers' class. Thursdays. 2:30 p. m. Theo-
Bophlcal discussion Saturdays. 8 p. m. Li-
brary and reading-room open daily. 1 to 4,
ana Saturday evenings. *
MEETINGS-^-SPNDAY. »
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture
this evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle.
909 Market st.; subject "The Evolution of
Science"; followed by beautiful views of an
American pilgrimage; free tickets will be
distributed lor X-Ray exhibition at Sani-
tarium Tuesday evening. Remember the
Question Box. Special music.
AT 117 Larkin st to-night Dr. C. E. Wheeler**
Inspirational spiritual church meeting; all sin-
cere workers & mediums Invited; good music;
•ong. Miss M. Trade; conference meeting;
messages by workers; admission free.
AA— REGULAR. "Now" monthly lesson lecture
upon "Suggestion" by Henry Harrieon
Brown. Demonstrated with several fine hyp-
notic subjects; good music Odd Fellows'
bldg-. 8 p. m.; seats 23c. .
•THE Woman "Who Controls Men"— Free lec-
ture to married women only, by Mrs May
\an Auken, followed by free readings of
S-*^ 1 *- . face » *** hands. Monday eve., 330
Ellis: doors closed at 8:15.
M ?«V ¦^ >^ FOT ? : ' wortd ren °' ra ea rapping and
test medium; lectures and gives tests every
Bu fv day r£,' 7:30 ' at Maccabee Temple. Elev-
enth and Clay sts.. Oakland.
E *?i!^ Ari lDroof positive test seance to-
night 2^c; Mon. night phenomenal seance.
SOc: encage seats, tel. Polk 2456. 1052 Ellis:
A— SPIRITUAL test 909 Market: 11 tnT-
others 00 " WUson - NUlsson. Wdtoan! Cast'
MRS BTODDARD— Convincing tests to all-
circles. 10c. Sun., Tues.; reads dally. 278 9th:
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night 605 McAllister. 10c; come. skepMc?
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-nlghf best tests-
10c: readings daily; ladles 6of 132 Sixth si'
MARY EVANS" circle to-night 10c: every even-
ing except Friday; readings dally. 120 6th.
TESTS— 009 Market rear; 11, free; 2 8 10c-
Swan. Maxwell, McKee. HMggpn; SebllckT'
W. G. KEEGAN, test seance every night exceot
Saturday. 10c; sittings dally. 148 Sixth st
1084 Bush St.. SOc; phone 4133 Larkin.
E 22S L fm«^? 1< 2!ki ate " WrlUnS B * anC * t °- nl ** t -
A^ R^f C ; H Cffl ? for CaiX "Iwtisements and
VaT° f established at 1006
SUNDAY LECTURES.
WALTER THOMAS MILLS will epeak at Met-
ropolitan Temple, 2 p. m.; subject, "What Is
Socialism, and How to Meet the Issue "
Music by Prof. Bchoen. the /Brown Family
Orchestra and vocal solo by Madame Del-
xnara. Admission free. '
Progressive Spiritualists to-night, Odd Fellows'
Hall. 7th & Market Mrs. R, 6. Lillie; free.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 429 Bush St
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT • - -
10 waitresses, springs fare one way *«>
Chambermaid, springs • *;"
3 waitresses, resort hotel.... ;~>
. Waitress. Napa ... J*5
Waitress.. watering resort, party h ere......|£»
' 2 waitresses, mining towns, fare pald....*-o
Waltres .Waitresses V> altresses
Waitresses .'. -....'».... • • • • • • ••
Woman, general work, country hotel, fare
here |-^
2 waitresses, south, fare paid vfsX
Chamberm. to walVjame place, fare paid.s-u
Mangle girl. Institution, city.... v ;*i*i«
city li 11 ',^
2 laundresses, summer resort, fare paid...*ou
Man and wife, laundry work, resort JW
Cook, summer resort, fare paid *"»
FAMILY- DEPARTMENT ........
Call and see us If you want work in this line;
we have all kinds of places < for second girls,
cooks, houseglrls. nursegirls; etc, either city
or country: good wages •••
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 420 Bush st.
Between Kearny st. and Grant ave.
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured. $15 to ?25
wkly. Home Correspondence School. Phila.
I AM desirous -of engaging a business woman
who can earn $12 a week. Box 410. Call.
GOOD hand at dressmaking. 782 Geary St..
between Hyde and Leavenwcrth.
Halrdressing, manicuring,- massage, bleaching.
dyeing, halrwork: splendid position in stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
• weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1230 Market, r. 94.
WANTED — Girl or woman to assist In house-
work; willing to stay ln country during sum-
mtx; steady place. 1649 fest s».
CATHOLIC girl to do housework ln family of
two. Call 795A Clayton st.
WANTED— Saleslady. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED waitress; also active young
girl to learn waiting at table. 725 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced shirtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
_/' HELP; WANTED— •MALE.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
59 3rd St., near Ca!l bldg.; phone Bush 405
.... Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
Offlce f ea ?1
To all points ln Nevada and Utah — Salt Lake
Division.
Free fare .' Free fare
300 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per day
200 laborers $2 25 per day
250 rockmen »2 25 per day
150 concrete men $2 25 per day
Free fare... Offlce fee $l...No other expenses
12 saw mill and woodsmen. $26 to $65, per
month and board; 10 R. R. laborers for big
lumber Co., $2(5 per month and board
SHIP MONDAY FARE ADVANCED
FOR LUMBER WOODS
2 barkers $40 per month and board
2 crosscutters $40 per month and board
2 chain tenders $40 per month and board
2 jack screwers $40 per month and board
2 head tree fellers.. $50 per month and board
6 swampers $35 per month and board
I FOR SAW MILL
' 1 fireman ." $60 per month
1 stationary engineer $75 per month
2 head setters $3 per day
10 lumber pliers $40 per month and board
10 men to grade on skid road.. $35 mo. & bd.
• 6 carpenters' helpers $2 per day
5 carpenters $4 per day; fare paid
6 haymakers $1 25 per day and board
Man to milk 18 cows.. $30. per mo. and board
10 fruit pickers $1 per day and board
10 laborers and teamsters, city $2 per day
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
50 Third st
A— PAC. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
Phone Main 1191
400 teamsters, concrete men. rock men, steam
shovel dumpers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
Free Fare
To all parts of Nevada and Salt Lake division
Ship direct; fee $1
200) railroad men; S. P. Co. and Santa Fe...
30 boys to learn trades $4, $9 per week
G carbuilders m $3 per day
5 cabinetmakers y $3 per day
4 shoemakers; country $2 per day
. 7 laborers; mine $2 per day
5 carmen; north .....$2 per day
.3 miners; south $2 50 per day
25 quarrymen $2 per day
4 restaurant waiters; country.. $30 and found
Cooks, waiters, etc.; city $10 to $60
6 tie swampers: Mendocino Co.. $35 and found
1 tie sledder; Mendocino Co.... $40 and found
10 tlemakers; Mendocino Co Top wages
16 farm laborers $1 25 and found
4 boys for drug store .$3 week
1 apprentice boy for optician
1 blacksmith's helper: city $2 per day
17 laborers and miners, San Benito Co
.$2 to $2 50 per day
. Many other positions. Call and see our bul-
letins ' : '....:
Asst. treas. theatrical comp'y..$20 wk. & fd.
Offlce open Sunday from 9:30 a. m. to 12.
A— TO-DAY.. SUNDAY
' To-Day. Sunday
To- Day, Sunday
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush St.
.'. New Railroad Work
FOR NEVADA
2C00 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and con-
crete men $2 and $2 25 a day
Blacksmith $3 a day
Foreman for steam ehovel gang
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and outside
laborers $1 75 to $3 per day
*.. Ship To-Nlght
Free Fare » Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN ,& CO 429 Bush st.
COOK for springs, resort. $S0, and second cook,
same place, $G0, see employer early Monday
morning: cook and wife for Nevada, $65. fare
advanced: 2 hotel rooks, $40 and $50: night
cook for laborers, $40; chophouse cook, $45;
restaurant cooks. $70; 2 waiters, country ho-
tel. $30 and $25; dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r.12./
Second cook. $60; barman. $25 and found; 2"
waiters, $30; head waiter. $45.
WANTED — Two pad grooms fo»* riding ciub;
; must understand saddling horses and car* of
. saddles and bridles; must be good riders;
retired cavalry soldiers or new arrivals pre-
ferred. Call or address The Riding Club,
Pcclflc st., co.-ner Polk, city.
ENERGETIC man can make money distribut-
ing samples of merchandise, etc. -We secure
advertising matter for distribution through-
out the -Country and want ..men to do the
work. Good pay. Horn Ass'n.. 1193 Broad-
way. New York.
WHOLESALE- men's furnishing goods house
requires stock clerk: give real name. age.
experience and references. Address box 424
Call offlce.
WANTED — A reliable man for light, genteel
- work ; will pay $75 per month ; experience not
necessary: steady place; must have $150 cash.
Apply 765 Market st.. room 3.
WANTED— Boy 16 or 17 years of age for drJft-
Jng room; grammar school education; chance
for advancement GEO E. DOW PUMPING
ENGINE CO.. 170 First st
TRAVELING specialty salesman: strong prop-
osition to retail trade; established firm.
FREDERICK EMMONS. 21 W. Atwater. De-
trolt. Mich. •
$22 WEEKLY salary «nd expenses for men
with rigs to intrduce poultry compound. Im-
perial Mfg. Co.. Parsons, Kans., Dept. 10.
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yosemlt* Towel
Supply Co.. 708 McAllister; phone Kate 26.
BOY about 15 to learn wholesale stationery
business: wages $15 per month to start- ref-
f rences required. Box 588. Call offlca.
WANTED — A thoroughly competent and expe-
rienced salesman for retail boys* and chil-
dren's clothing. Address box 415. Call.
WANTED— Young man about IS years old for
furnishing goods- department' Apply S N
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st
TWO . solicitors f or » official organ of Eagles
, Monday 9 a. m. HINTON Printing Company
B16 Commercial st v"'*,
$22 a week and all expenses for men with rigs
to Introduce poultry compound; straight sala-
ry. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept. 10. Parsons, Kan.
COPPERSMITH apprentices wanted; age 14
to 16 years; pay to commence with. Box
499, Call offlce. >
WANTED — Good steady man with $100 who is
• . willing to work and satisfied with $75 per
'month. Apply 710 Howard st.
BOY, about 16 years, for general work ln
,' wholesale house. L. SAMTER & SON. 6ia
Market st
EXPERIENCED agents for country; big com-
missions. Apply Royal Portrait Co.. 143 7th.
YOUNG man to feed Jcb presses and cylinders.
16 Fremont st. .
1 »V KOHLBE^
COATMAKERS and basters ; good pay. 641
Market st. upstairs.. .
W A I ?i T ? I> ~ Mecha . nIci ' ¦«ents and solicitors.
Call Inventors' Mfg Co.; 137 First st
T 'Ma / k RS want ? d - BE LASCO & HARRIS. 841
WANTED— Light comedian and character
comedian; must do specialty. Roi 381. Call.
YOUNG man to learn the shoe business; must
be steady. Intelligent. . 1418 Larkin st
T Y° b^??«i o » rub ln for Monday morn-
¦ : »«&• ." I0O0 Howard. Bt.
WANTED— First-class salesman watch and
Jewelry store; rets; Box 602. Call of flee.
$300-PARTNER; rare chance: lady or rent:
for medicine tent show. Box COO. Call?
1 BOOTBLACK wanted at 4 Sacramento st
'&~:~J, SPIRITUALISM^ _^ _^^_
PROF. HOLTM AN, medium " and gifted healer :
' . all diseases cured by ' his .; marvelous . astro-
: psychic power; advice free. " 1228 Market st.
BROCKWAY'S proof positive test . eeance.
Sun., Wed. and Fri. nights; every one; re-
celves test; 25c; readings dally. 1052 Ellis st.
MRS. J. I J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
; life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car. !
BROCKWAY'S Droof positive test seance to-
night, 25c; Mon. night.- phenomenal seance,
50c; engage scats, tel. Polk 2456. 1052 Ellis.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. 'medium; tobacco
habit cured' or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th., nr. , Guer-.
* rero; circle Friday eve., 25c; readings daily.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
"teyer; sittings daily: test toall to-night; 10c.
____ _ CLAIRVOYANTS. _'_•_¦_'_'_ j_'_'_ _
$10,000 .$10,000
¦ CHALLENGE.
$5 READINGS FOR $1.
MME. J. J. LYONS.
1016 MARKET ST.' and 11 EDDY ST.
THE WORLD'S GREATEST SEERESS.
HAS A STANDING CHALLENGE OF
$10,000 FOR ANY MEDIUM
WHO CAN EQUAL HER IN HER .
MARVELOUS REVELATIONS.
Calls you by name, tells what you called for;
the only American "veiled" white mahaima;
the world's eminent clairvoyant and trance
medium; the Huldah of the present age; gives
you full name of your friends and • relatives,
both living and beyond the grave; life and en-
.tlre future without asking a question.
DO YOU WANT MONEY? -
This lady, through her own Inborn gift, has
gained her own fortune; guides you to success
in all affairs of love, marriage and divorce;
gives you the full secret how to control, fas-
cinate and charm the one you love, also those
,you meet; how to make a person at a distance
think of you. ...
Husbands who have been*drawn frqm their
wives by the stronger Influence of other women
or wives who have left their husbands wll! be
reunited by this talisman of love, and girls
whose \ lovers have sought other faces will be
happily reunited by the same strange power;
if you have lost faith and given up to .despair
because of former failures take courage now.
She comes bringing success with her; has
traveled over two continents and astonishes
the most skeptical, changing failures inti suc-
cess, filling dreary homes with sunshine and
joy and gladness and making sad hearts leap
with delight; your complete destiny is plainly
seeftvby her.
¦ She Is a graduate of the celebrated Chelro,
arid oan tell all the affairs of your life, talents,
hopes, joys, sorrows, success, failures. Your
hand is an index of your life from the cradle
i to the grave; the hand is the chief officer of
the soul. Palmistry can be read by you as
well as I. Palmistry is the latest art. It re-
veals wonders. All classes are deeply interest-
ed. . Some dishonest and very ignorant people
call it, as well as almost everything else, a
fake. Keep your eye on them. Have your
hand read while an expert is here in the city.
Character and talent, success or failures, lov-
ers and marriages, deaths, divorces,- etc., in-
tegrity, and hundreds of other most vital
points are all told. Travels and voyages.
Your hands show if you are romantic, unset-
tled and usually the success that attends those
changes.- Your hands are full, of signs and
wonders. Have them read.
THE MAGICAL HANDERCHIEF.
During a sojourn ln Egypt I met a native
maiden by the name of Ne-Fru-Ari, whom I
showed many little favors. She seemed to
filow a great regard for me. She told m». of
her wonderful secret, about her possession of
a rr.aeica! handkerchief. She showed me to
my astonishment and amazement the controll-
ing influence over others by any one possess-
ing- this handkerchief, and in parting with
her 3he insisted that 1 1 carry ilcng with me
as her great token of regard and love for me
a quantity of these' handkerchiefs, with the
secret of -this Egyptian maiden.
. Remotes evil influences; satisfaction guar-
anteel; consultation strictly confidential: full
j reading by mall, $1; ask as many questions as
you like; send date of birth; indorsed by the
leading men and women of the Nation.
7 OFFICE HOURS,'
\ TO-DAY (Sunday) and every day during the
week, from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MME. J. J. LYONS,
; 1016 MARKET ST., OPP 5TH.
and, 11 Eddy st. Phone Jessie 942. . .
50c,' 50c". ...320— O'Farrell st— 326. ...50c, 50C.1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE, O /
- The first registered as well as the first ; s
¦graduate palmist and clairvoyant ; -'
ever in San Francisco. .
PAUL DESTINE is, beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific- practicing clatrvoyant
nnd palmist In the world to-day: extraordinary
clairvoyant power, combined with his superior
knowledge of occult forces, enables him to read
human destiny with unerring accuracy; his in-
formation and advice on marriages, divorce,
separations, love and family affairs, business
transactions, law suits, etc., are accurate 'and
truthful; he reunites the separated, settles
lovers' quarrels, causes speedy marriages; lo-
cates hidden treasures and mines by a new
method; advises you as to whether or not you
will be successful in mining or in business;
oftentimes, by good advice, he gives you back
your lost nerve and energy, no matter what
trouble you may have; call and he will help
; you/. Palmistry taught, mediumlstic persons
developed : 5 questions answered by - mall, 50c.
\ 326— O'FARRELL ST.— 326.
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
1104. Market st. Corner Turk.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside -the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand ln hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible were it not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; .if you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult Ismar. for she Is a prophetess of
world-wide fame, and her name has become a
proverb ln thousands of homes made happy by
her aid and advice. Ismar can be consulted
daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays from
10 to 12 a. in., at her of nee, 1104 Market st.,
corner Turk.
SPECIAL — Ismar' s readings by mail are
fully as satisfactory as those given in person;
three questions answered, SI; full life reading,
$5. Send date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD,
. THE > FAMOUS £&¦. ¦ ; \
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., ' next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented,' un-
happy or not satisfied ln life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. , Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 20c
up; satisfaction guaranteed; Tel. Black 4569.
REMOVED! REMOVED!
MISS WILLE. the wonderful clairvoyant
crystal Eeer. can be consulted on all affairs
of life; Miss Wllle guarantees an honest, re-
liable, satisfactory reading; tells . everything
; you wish to know; "tells your name, who
your friends or enemies are: advises you on
. important affairs, . whether , financial, domes-
tic, social or. love: readlnsrs,- 50c and $1;
hours. 10-8 p. m. • 514 Taylor 'st.
A— COc— 50c— NO HIGHER. ~~ "
For this week only, advice on love and at
business affairs; reunites the separated and
causes speedy marriage; .names, dates and
facts given when .others fail., Call on the
world's greatest medium and palmist, MME.
J. LYONS, 1010 Market st, parlors 8 and 9.
A— ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,.
' cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
¦ in person- 3 questions answered. $1; full life
$8; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
; reader, \ born with , double second sight;
-. diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies BOc,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 120 Turk.
FOR a limited time, Mrs. Reynolds, the famous
. 1 life reader, will give her marvelous full life
readings for $1. 11008% Market hours 10 to 5.
YOUR fortune ' told from cradle to grave. What
. I tell comes- true: send 1 dime and birth date.
' PROF. J. MYEKS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
.medium, permanently located | at 1206 Market
st., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor'st. clairvoyant,
crystal seer;. reads your life correctly without
¦^ questions; full names :50c-$l;10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
25c— SPECIAL— $2 readings one week for 25c ;
.' ¦ clairvoyant, palmist.' astroligtst, card . reader;
10 to 8 daily. 1010 Mission st. near Sixth.-.;.;
MME. RAVENNA Veads life fluently; business
,; advice; names given: 25c up. ;. . 5 Fourth, st ¦
Mme.- Mareeau. card reader & clairvoyant; la.
6 gents 25c. 1601 Mission; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. WALTERS, great card ¦ reader, * la. 25c;
gents BOc. ' 951 Mission, ; near . 6th ; , open Sun.
¦LINCOLN — Clairvoyant : and >V high ¦ psychist ;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. . HOUSER, wonderful , medium ; . truth or
no pay; full ; life . readings SOc. . 704 ; Howard:;
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant' card reader: ladies
.-¦• 25c; gents 60; readings dally. . 132 8lxth st
A* BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been ¦: established - at * 1096
••Valencia' st. •¦•¦:¦:.. -' ' ¦¦- * ¦; ' ;; ..
j,; COUNTRYy BOA RD | JVANTE^ . '
BOARD wanted in country, 'with good care for
¦boy of 7 'during vacation. Address MRS.
.DONLEY/.736 Georgia st, Vallejo, Cal. .
n^'; n MEETING jW^TICBS. '¦'-¦-
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. -
—Officers and members are hereby no- Lsm -
tlfied to attend the funeral of our de- jTJ?
ceased brother, WILLIAM JAMES *^^
BURT. from the hall of this lodge. THIS
(SUNDAY) AFTERNOON, at 1:30 o'clock.
By order of the W. M.
R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
T"O the Officers and Members of ..afcHBgfr.
Excelsior Lodge No. 310. I. O. S-£*ZS3&
0. F. — The funeral of our late
brother. WILLIAM J. BURT. fVA*^~
past Krand and past district deputy, will
take slace from the lodeeroom, 2310 Mission
Et, SUNDAY. May 25, at 1:30 p. m.
S. SCOTT. N. G.
J. N. NISBET JR.. R. S.
THE ninth grand annual day
and night picnic and bar- _^
becue of the Croatian ' Be- j^SLt^JB^.
nevolent Society Zvonimir B^SfckS**'^*
No. 61. N. C. S.. will be Aj^^^vA
held NEXT SUNDAY. June JS^^SCfPiffi
1, at Glen Park. Barba- &?jM2£&1ll
cue (kastradine i kupusa) 2l/-S?\^j/
from 12 m. to 3 p. m. W'ArmrYlm
Dancing from 11 a. m. to i^fefaffirf/E,,
11 p. m. Over 200 cash N
pnzes will be raffled at U Jkr%iW&
p. m. Mission (yellow) and
San Mateo cars direct. Ad-
mission. 25c; children free. Games, fun and
enjoyment for all. Bring your friends with
you. . COMMITTEE.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE— Fif- £¦??$$?
teenth annual picnic will be VaW
held May 30, 1902. at Glen- "^W^Ov **V"*
wood Park, Santa Cruz BfO^w^T**^
Mountains. Boats leave IJ V. W jriyT
ferry at 7:45, 8:45. Tickets, X VoSsSsaLW
adults, $1; children, 50c.
THE Caledonian Club will hold its . «y >.
thirty-sixth errand annual father- JL ujj
in;j and games at Shell Mound
Park, FRIDAY, May 30, 1902. The '*sCTT
, most renowned athletes from the East and
Paciflo Coast will compete. Prizes amount-
ing to over $3000 will be distributed. In ad-
dition to the above, a Kold medal, valued at
$'250, will be awarded to the best player on
the bagpipes of Scotch national airs, con-
sisting of Dlbrochs, marches, strathspeys and
reels. Highland dancing on platform by
.lads and lassies ln costume. Over 40 exciting
events on the programme! Get one. Full
band for pavilions. Dancing until 8 p. m. A
Scotch welcome extended to all. Buy round
trip tickets to Shell Mound Park. Admission
to grounds, adults, 50c; children. 25c.
A. M. MacPHERSON, Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union — The funeral
detail commencing with Ed Malloney anil
ending with John Marks will, assemble at
their hall. C03 Front St.. TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
at 12 :30 p. m. to attend the funeral of our
late brother. WALTER JOHNSON. By order
P. F. WHEARTZ. President.
HUGH McKEVITT. Rec. Sec. V
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the offlce of
the company. 327 Market St.. San Eranctsco.
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 26th day of May.
1902. at' the hour of 3 o'clock p. ra.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16. 1902, at 3 o'clock v. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco. Cal. ',
HERMETIC Brotherhood — Open meeting
THURSDAY EVENING at 8. 509 Van Ness.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS to sell our buggies and surreys; we
pay liberal commissions; one of our agents
last week made $57 50; write at once for our
special proposition. LOUIS RASTETTER &
SON, Fort Wayne. Ind.
ABLE salesmen to represent us; city, country;
50% com. and expenses; no competition. 8-10
a.m.. Western Fire Appliance Co., 916 Market'
AGENTS — Do you wa.nt something more profit-
able and easier to 6ell than books or Insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. '.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
_^etc. ; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening: low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k*t »t.: consultation free: no fees ln advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has beet bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market. 1068 to 1974 Page.
BIRDS. DOGS, ETC. ~~
ROBIEON'S BIRD STORE— '
338 and 337 Kearny st
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
Largest and bent appointed place ln the country.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS OHAXCES.
A — $550; OYSTER and chop house; clears $150
month; bargain. STRAND. 1007% Market.
A— $1250; CORNER grocery and bar; fine stock;
2 cash registers; good trade ; 3 rooms •
4 years' lease. STRAND, 1007^ Market st.
A— $325; BRANCH bakery and variety store; 4
rooms; cheap rent. STRAND. 1007^ Market
A— WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & CO., 1007% Market st.
A— $200; CIGAR store; rent $10; will sacrifice
for $75 to-day. STRAND, 1007% Market st.
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale: also
city and country real estate for sale or ex-
change. Call or write for our free list. HEA-
LY & CARR Realty and Mining Co.. 713
Market et, room 406; tel. James 4121.
BARBER shop, country town, good business
bargain price, $150; delicatessen store,
monthly business $600. good fixtures, price
$450. G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market
St.. bet. 5th and «th; phone Mint 1911.
A — WANTED: reliable, active man to take
State or county pattern rights in one of the
most profitable and salable articles In exist-
ence; small capital required. P. S. DE
LUCA, 318 Kearny st. room 1. . .
A— ?300; PARTNER wanted ln light business;
$18 to $25 a week; no night or Sunday work;
duties light and easily learned; trial given
before buying. 25 Geary st.. room 1. !
PARTNER wanted; saloon: receipts $30 a day"
good cor. Cal. Business Assn., 8b"5% Market.
A PATRON invented $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 15 a week; in, less than
five months he had drawn as much in divi-
dends as his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against loss;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
loss; we accept accounts as low as $10; divi-
dend for week ending May 24, $5 08; write
or call for interesting" literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
615, Emma Spreckcis building.
$17 80 PROFIT on each $100 last week by our
new progressive method: shares $10. For
circular address SOLLITT & 90.. 123 Cedar
Bt, New York. . :
OUR method of turf speculation nets 18 Der
cent weekly to investors; $10 acceded for
trial. Address SOLLITT & CO.. 123 Cedar
St.. New York.
$22 90 PROFIT on each $1CO, fifteen days end-
Ing May 1; shares $10 each; new plan of in-
vestment; send for circular. WHITE &
CO., 88 Pulitzer bldg.. New York. (Mention
paper.) SWTwS; V^V-'i^ "
.\ .¦: , — C>; \ 1 -,;
FOR sale cheap — 200 books, 500 circulars. 200
addresses, electrotypes, book entitled "The
Adviser," or how to successfully conduct a :
mail-order business, and letters from leading
mall-order houses, with confidential prices;
first come, first served;^ snap. For full
particulars address I. A. M.. box 216, Ven-
tura. Cal.
50 PER cent average monthly profit under our
new system of turf speculation; shares $10
each; dividends paid- semi-monthly. Send
for circular. WHITE & CO., 88 Pulitzer
building. New York. (Mention paper.)
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
''with money to Invest ln a company owning
a mountain of low-grade, gold-bearing ore
superior to Treadwell mine of Alaska; divi- s
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or Invest in a paying proposition ; address
room 412. Parrott bldg., San Francisco. Cal.
ESTABLISHED 1896. INCORPORATED 190L
Handsome dividends paid weekly; safe' sure'
legitimate. Send for sworn affidavit and 1 in-
teresting literature. CO-OPERATIVE INVEST-
MENT ASS'N (Inc.), 557 Parrott building San
Francisco.
TOBACCO and cigar store, with living rooms
and furniture; price $80; must be sold. 140
First Bt. ; . ¦ . ¦ . ¦ -..
FO * H ' f al £^ A e£ ou .5. try ' ta «° r »n« establishment
Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
A «^ OO i ) P lumbln K business; a good chance to
t he , : ri8ht party. Inquire Emma Spreckels
building, room 007, M. H. RODMAN. prevK ? 1B
HELP WANTEj^MALE-— Con.
A— MURRAY 3c READY Phone Main 5848
634-63U Clay St
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
SPECIAL TO-DAY. SUNDAY
Of nee Open 8 a. m
. To Nevada ....Free Fare State Nevada
SHIP R R. MEN TO-DAY 7?
SUNDAY '
To Reno, to Wadsworth. to Elko, to Iron
Point to Ditha. to Vista, to the Salt Lako
division. Moleen. Rokeby. and all points la
• Novada ....'
350 teamsters, free .$2 25 to $2 50 day
175 rockmen. fare $2 25 to $2 50 day
375 laborers. Nevada $2 25 and $2 day
Gang of laborers for steam shovel
..? $2 to $2 25 day
Gang of men for concrete work...^.^.
Car" du"mpe"rV.'freo".".'. '.*.'.*. "...52 to $2 50 day
10(1 drillers, fare. Nevada --;"* 2 50 da^
Engineer for steam shovel ..$125 por month,
Blacksmith for railroad camp. Nevada. ...
§, .....' $60 and found
..lisANTA FB RAILROAD CO. WORK
Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld. etc.....
150 men for the Santa Fe systrtn. different
gangs. $1 75 day. free fare.' ship daily. ~ . . .
'..FARE IS PAID TO 114 DIFFERENT...
SAWMILLS
•.•.•v.v.v;. w^ D .lv.v.v.v.v.YARDs
47» men to work "in sawmills, woods and
yards, piling lumber, running machines ana
making yourselves generally useful; wages
$35 $30 $30. SM> and found; no experience
needed; 'you'll suit FARE PAID
3 barkers. $33 and found; 3 crosscut saw-
yers, $35 and found: 4 lumber graders. $io.
see boss here; 10 lumber pliers, north. $40
and found; 4 carpenters, sawmill company.
*75 and found Humboldt County.. Sawmlll3
T CHEAP FARES
• 20 men to pile lumber. Humboldt County;
15 laborers to work ln woods. Humboldt
. County, $40 and found; wo have very cheap
rates for this Job ;'V™W™
MECHANICAL HELP ¦,.
10 carpenters for big sawmill company $p^
and found: 3 carpenters, rftugh work. loiKf
lob country $2 75 and found; 7 carpenteft.
mine company, fare $2. $3 day. blacksmith,
sawmill company. $45 and found; black-
smith, country shop. $75; blacksmith coun-
try. $32. and found; ranch blacksmith. $50
and found ••• •••••••• •«••*••
Blacksmith, country shop, see boss here to-
day Sunday; engineer, steam shovel, Neva-
da -'free fare $125: cooper, see boss here. $40
and found; carriage painter: sticker hand.
$3 50 a day: 2 brick moidera, mine. $75
"."..'..Gold and Silver *.
QUARRIES
IS* miners, gold quartz mine. $2 75 day; 5
miners, shaft work, 8 hours. $3 day; 3 min-
ers good mine. $75; 4 miners, north, $S2 50;
25 muckers, good mine. $75; 20 laborers for
different mines. $30 to $42 and found; 23
quarry men, $2 25; 15 laborers. $60
....... .... LABORERS
....Factories, end others............
5 laborers, factory, $1 75 day: 6 laborers, city
factory, $1 50 and $1 75 day: 10 laborers,
manufacturing Co.. country, $2 day; 15 la-
borers, city. $42 and found; 6 laborers,
board home, $2 day:' 23 laborers. 12 miles
from San Francisco. $60, free fare; 10 labor.
ers. near city, free fare, $42 and found
FARMS
Haymakers Fruit Pickers
10 men to run mowers, $40 and found; 15
haymakers, $1 50 day and found; 127 hay-
makers, all counties, $1 23 day and found;
hay balers; 157 farmers for- steady Jobs on
fruit farms and vineyards; 75 milkers, but-
ter makers and cheese makers; 15 men to
pick fruit, pack fruit, work ln packing
houses, etc., $30 and found: 7 men to pick
and pack asparagus. $28 and found —
MISCELLANEOUS
Coachman, see boss here, $30 and found:
choreman, private family, $25 and found;
milk wagon driver, city, $40 and found; 4-
hcrse teamster, lumber wagon city. $13
. week; roustabout ln factory, city, $1 75 day;
boy with some knowledge of machinery, $1
to $1 25 day: 5 teamsters, city, $C0; 5 stable-v
men, $60; 3 buggy washers, $60; hostler, nea A
city. $30: stableman, country stable, $33 aoT^
found; 15 boys, city factories, $7 week; boya
to learn trades
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cooks Waiters Kitchen Help
' Cook, good country hotel. $45 and found:
cook, camp, $35; IS cooks, other places; 3
ranch cooks; 25 waiters: 34 kitchen hands.
' $20, $25. $30, $35 and found; butcher, country
shop, $30 and found; second baker, country
shop. $40 and found
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL,.
2 camp waiters, mine Co $34 and found
1 vegetable man, mine $30 and found
To-day (Sunday)
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
WANTED — First-class vest and pants makers;
steady work for right party. VALENTINE.
347 Bush st.
OUTSIDE man. $30 per month. Box 420, Call
office.
Wanted — Trustworthy person ln each county to
manage business established house solid finan-
cial standing; bona fide weekly cash salary;
$1S paid each Wed., with all expenses, direct
from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
penses. - Manager, 359 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
WANTED — Man of good address to present
proposition of Investment in building and
loan stock; good salary. Add. box 414. Call.
WANTED — A steady young man as assistant
janitor: must have' references. . Apply room
40, Donohoe building, 1170 .Market st.
FIRST-CLASS 2-chair barber shop for sale In
San Jose. Inquire G. DRAGVEITCH. 140
Fowell St.. 8. F., or of STOLTZ.
WANTED — A wrapper. Apply to superintend-
ent of THOMAS DAY & CO.. 725 Mission St.
2 LATHERS wanted on Fulton St.. near Stan-
yan. Come ready to work.
CABINETMAKERS wanted: steady work; good
w^ges. Bush & Mallett Co.. 6th & Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted at 463 and 467
Valencia st.
FOR sale — A three-chair barber shop; must b«
sold at once. 215 Sixth st
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced!
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 1»
a. m. at HALE BROS.*
WANTED — Young man from 16 to 18 years of
age to learn the dry goods business. State
age. experience, if any, and salary expected.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at ttat.-b}
ENERGETIC workers in every locality to dis-
tribute circulars, samples, booklets, etc;
good pay; permanent occupation. Distribu-
ters" League. New York.
CIVIL Service Government Position*— M89 ap-
pointments last year; probbaly 10,000 this
year; only common school education required
for examination: catalogue Information £rae.
Columbian Correspondence CoUes^.Waao.r>.CC
Engineers, -firemen, machinists, electricians—
New 40-page pamphlet ?mtalning questions
asked by Examining Board Engineer*; sent
free. Geo. Zeller, Publisher. St LouU, Mo.
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured. $13 to $23
wky. Home Correspondence School. PbCa.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable «n«rcy aa4
push; gocd opportunity for right man. 9.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Man and wlf« for two or thrw
months to care for residence, grouadi. eta.,
during absence of owner and family In coun-
try. Write, stating references, experience^
age, etc., addressing box 453. Can offlo*.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to taxyw
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Bonn proprietor, mtilt
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 larx*
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per we*i
MEN to learn barber trad*; barbers ta &+¦
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools 4oBstedi
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
COATMAKER and pants and T«st maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. A CO- 24
Sutter st.
WANTED— 100 laborers at Hunters PotatTtt
per day. City .Street Improvement Co. >
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith and helpatv S37
Brannan st.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wanted. Apply at It
Post st.
A GARDENER to take chajga *t r .r«~. T ~4
grounds at Belvedere. Box 438. Call ofnc*.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damared. *»i» ]
price. B63 Mission st, bet 1st andSd itaT^ '
WANTED— Boy of 16 or IT years, residing
with parents. Box 174S. Call offlca/ *~""°*
"WANTED — Young men to learn barber trad*.
-- S. F. Barber College. 741A I How^rdsT
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoe* for
sale cheap. . McPONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelaa
big. Past Com. Qeo. H. Thomaa Post O.AJU
WOMEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
BOc up; soling 20o up. 923 Howard st.. nr. Oth.
WANTED— Recruits for the marina corps. V.
5. navy: ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recrultla»T
Office. 40 Ellis st. Saa Francisco.
EARNEST young man willing to work for a
. business education. California Business Col-
lege. 305 Larkin st. __
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23o ,
to BOc. 663 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; fr»e
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUImore. ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and 7
subscriptions has i been established at 10W
Valencia st ¦
BUSIVRS8 CHANCES— Continue*.
JOSEPH STRAUB'.'. ..... . . .850 MARKET ST. ;
. A — Saloon and lodging-house, kept by pres-
ent owner for over 20 years;, doing a good
business; the only- reason for. selling on ac-
count of death ; a good bargain ; lease to suit.
• • • Country peddling outfit, , complete ;
will be sold at actual cost; full particulars
of route; good opportunity for any one. • • •
Very good saloon, near the Chronicle build-
ing; day and night trade;, lease. • • •
Good paying restaurant, one block north of
Market St.; sold- on account of. sickness;
lease; Investigate.. • • •. Partner in a pay-
ing manufacturing business; no experience
needed. • • • Bakery, baking 8 barrels
dally; good store trade; horses and wagons;
fine opportunity for a baker. • • • Old
established saloon near Hall of Justice;
owner retiring. • • ' • Email restaurant,
' south of Market ' st. ; clears over $S0;,rent
- $15. ¦ • • • Good paying grocery and bar,
south of Market St.; well stocked; good -bar
trade ; cheap rent. » • • • Fine saloon, north
of Market st. ; well patronized by a good
class of people; good stock; dally receipts
$50; investigate. ? • • Partner ln a saloon
south of Market st". or will sell whole; owner
has other business to look after. • • • Old
established wine and liquor store; large bar
and outside trade; horse and wagon; owner
retiring; investigate. • • • Call on JOSEPH
STRAUB, 850 Market st
ROADHOUSE yv at terminus of electric cars ;
large grounds; 17 rooms and bar; rent low;
horse, wagon, cow; in fine running order;
$2000. EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
GROCERY store in the Mission; rent $12 50;
price $300.
Fine grocery in South San Francisco; will
sell at invoice, about $000; prominent corner.
Cigar stand, with billiard and card rooms,
for $400. '
Furnishing goods business In country;
terminus of railroad; good mining country;
fine trade; for $1000.
• Tea, coffee and spice business; new stock;
fine store: $560. • V
Large list of groceries, cigar stands and
general business propositions. , EITEL &
CARROLL. 103^ Market st.
DIVINDENDS and how to get them; New
York Turf. Syndicate, incorporated under
New York State laws; capital $50,000; char-
' tered for breeding and operating thorough-,
bred race horses and all truck privileges; we
offer limited amount capital stock at par,
$100 per share; will accept subscriptions $50
and upwards to operate on track in our co-
,' operative, pools, paying semi-monthly profits
amounting to more than yearly Interest by
savings banks. Write for prospectus N. Y.
TURF SYNDICATE, 1008 Home Life Ins.
bldg., 257 Broadway, New York.
WANTED — Sec. and treas. for a large mfg Co.
in this city; must be able to take $1000 to
$20(10 In stock, which will be taken up at
expiration of term. Address Mfg., box 475,
Call office. ". s' :
A — Hardware, paint and oil business in' very
bast town this State; nets $250 mo.; Invoice
my stock: no good will; snap rent. See
Hedges, 401-462 Parrott bldg., 825 Market.
WE have cash buyers for real estate of various
kinds; lodging-houses, grocery stores, sa-
loons, cigar stores, rooming-houses. The
Coast Real Estate Co., 783 Mi Market st.
OUR new system of turf speculation pai^ 35%,% !
semi-monthly dividend on Morris Park meet-
. ing; explanation free. N. S. HAND, Expert
Handlcapper, 804 Park Row bldg., N. Y.
AN excellent opportunity for an active man
with a few . thousands ' to buy out an old
established business dealing ln staple mer-
chandise. Address box 503, Call office. . ;
A FIRST-CLASS saloon half a block from i
Market St.; clears easily $250 a month;
owner wishes to go into other business; price
$3000. Box 592, Call.
$1000 — PARTNER in manufacturing business,
wholesale and retail: purpose, to enlarge fac-
tory; no agents. For particulars, box 505,
Call office. ¦ ¦ .¦
A MONEY-MAKING proposition; Point Rlch-
mond lots. Send for free maps or call Rich-
mond Land Co., 182 Crocker bldg., S. F.
WANTED— A good steady man with $100, who
is willing to work -and satisfied with $75 per
month. Apply 716 Howard st.
GOOD saloon on Market st; $1900; fine stock
and fine fixtures; lease 2 years; doing a good
business; owner going East. Box 498, Call.
PRINTING OFFICE — First-class location;
cheap rent; excellent chance for good printer.
Call or address Printer, 1009 Broadway, Oak.
$10 — THE Investment of ten dollars will secure
an ample income. For particulars address
Bona Fide, box_478. Call office.
CASH grocery and bar, south of Market; price
$3900; big stock: fine fixtures. Box 4S9. Call.
A— CIGAR stand: Market st: must be sold im-
mediately; sacrifice; sickness. Box 5D3, Call.
FOR sale — Good paying saloon, account other
business. Address box 004, Call office.
BARBERS, notice— The best stand In the city
for sale. -Address- box- 405,- Call.- ¦
PARTNER for business paying $400 per month.
, 842 Howard st. '
NOTION and crockery store; fine stock; good
location ;\low rent. 396 Sixth, bet. 9-12 a, m.
Store, with large basement, below Kearny, suit-
able for bowllDg. games; lease. 636 Clay, r. 1.
ROUTE in Western Addition; building up dis>-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792, Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A SPECIAL NOTICE.
• Call on Retsloff.
He has the bargains.
8 rooms; 525 cash, bal. monthly $200
20 rooms; clears $60 -. 200
18 rooms; Just listed (550
12 rooms; snap 450 i
15 rooms; owner sick, must sell... 1000
10 rooms; corner; bargain. 750
30 rooms; clears $250: investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.. 1K00
25 rooms; Geary st. ; clears $125 1400
100 rooms; . clears $000 9500
50 rooms; rent $150; clears $450 : 4200
40 rooms; $1000 cash, balance monthly.. 2200
CALL. WE HAVE MANY OTHERS.
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis v (upstairs, rooms7-8).
A. CAMERON & CO., ~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
. Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyerp, call; we can
suit you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-
houses, flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts
of city.
Money loaned, 1% per cent. • •
I MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses, 'all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter.. 950
8 rooms; tunny flat; corner.... 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Mcney loaned at 1% per cent per month.
100 ROOMS: country transient; low rent. .$6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location. 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain..*... 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 77jo
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, G to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. ~
860 Market st. — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable ; dealers ln rooming-houses, hotels,
. business chances- and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
;.; Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
| New houses to lease.
LODGING-HOUSE. 20 rooms; rent $65; price
$000; terms. MORRISON & CO., 26 Montg'y.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous
sacrifice. MORRISON &«CO.. 23 Montg'y, r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSE, 80 rooms; rent $75; eleva-
tor; all outside rooms; sell on easy terms;
investigate. "Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery.
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times. Bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly, call at office: - . .- •
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St., bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1811. '
BUY your houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments'. . . \ ¦¦ : f - !
16 rooms; clears $10 '."..........'......,$500
11 rooms; clears $30 '.."........... .$350
8 rooms; clearfe $30 ..:. .....$300
• And other bargains. . 842 Howard st. - i
FINE bay-window ! corner house; 28 rooms";
good transient business; good furniture; earns
• $150 monthly; will exchange for property;
price $5000. j .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
¦¦ 017 Market st. bet. 5th and 6th.
WE • have a number of the most centrally lo-
cated and best-paying rooming-houses ln the
city for sale; If you want a bargain call and
see our list. TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis
Bt. (Glasgow block), room 10.
MASON St., 10 rooms, $700; 8 r., $475; 22 r..
$1400; Kearny st, 18 r., $1700; 21 r., $1400.
. These are all good« paying places: 70. mow
houses, south and - north. ' at al 1 < prices ; we
tr«at all customers best and honest as possl-
ble. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st. >,-¦¦--
MARION GRIFFIN, -
' 719 Market st. (upstairs), near Call building;
" good titles; easy terms; telephone Green 468;
big list hotels and lodging-houses. . . - ,
FOR sale— A • newly furnished house; would
. mf.ke a . good quiet ¦ transient ; house; no
agents. .Address box 560, Call office.
HOTEL of 120 rooms -for" sale; clears '$1000 a
month; fine bar trade; long lease. California
Business Association, 865% Market st. ¦•
A — WE have 400 lodging houses for sale; prices
- $125 to'$5000. 8trand &. Co., 1007% Market;
SOLD on easy payments at 842 . Howard — 16
. rms./clears $50, $600; 9 rmsJ, clears $30, $300.
75 ROOMS ; best paying transient Kearny-st
' lodging-house; 3 years', lease. : Box 586, Call.
CARPET \ BEATING "AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send tp SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
: . ing works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
, pie. A. r G.-Klelnert. 1512 Polk; tel. Eaat 725.
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning 3%c yd ;upholster-
lng.1213 -Market.bet.8thft0th;tel.Howard2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. -GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RCDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
- reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
' STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J E." MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
- COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KEIiLY'S Agency— No charge
unless 'successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
• 4-ROOM cottage, • furnished or unfurnished.
cheap; : chicken yard; flower garden. 1764
Nlntlvave., south of Golden Gate Park.
COTTAGES AV ANTED. f
DESIRABLE cottage or flat, furnished, for
quiet family of three; can give references.
Address box 150, Call office.
HRALD'S SCHOOL , oFeLeCTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory, and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F.:
; * catalogue free.
j A— IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers.
I how do they all get positions and hold them?
\ 34 positions in March. 32 In April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
! ness College. 1236 Market st. ¦ :
I GALLAGHEK-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
¦ conducted by experts; best combined short-
I hand and commercial course to be had any-
, where: indorsed by official court reporters.
1392 Market st.
HEALD'S ECHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
E. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
i A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
: colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
DANCING pupils prepared for the stage; v/altz,
buck and wing, clog, jigs, reels, skirt, song.
Private lessons dally at IRVINE'S, 421 1 Post
St.. between Powell and Mason. ¦
Address Ayers' Business College. 723 Market
st., for their new catalogue: k Is free and the
nicest ln the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.. S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg.. penmanship; posit' n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st -
ACTING, elocution,. specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
LEARN ad. writing: terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL. 234 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, guitar, -mandolin, banjo taught ln
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free: mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo.
-by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve.; <5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 18C3: new 80-page catalogue free.
WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — 2 .waitresses for summer resorts,
$25. fare paid: 4 hotel and restaurant cooks.
$30. $35; 3 cooks, little wash. $30; 2 parlor
maids. $25; nursegirl. $15, $20: restaurant
waitresses, $7. $8; 4 ranch cooks. $25. $30;
3 chambermaids and waiting. $20; family
hotels: housework in Oakland. $25; Alameda,
'. $25; waitress, country hotel, $25, and large
- number of girls for cooking and housework in
' city. $20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
OPERATORS and a number of bright girls will
be taken for instruction on overalls, with a
stated amount guaranteed to beginners. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, ccr. Gough and Grove sts.
LADIES,- you can earn $8 to ?12 per week In
ycur own homes working for us; call . any
' day this week. TORCHON LACE CO.. 38
Metropole, 0 Turk st. . _ f
WANTED— Young elrl under 14 years, of age;
good permanent home; clothes; can go to
school. Call Sunday and Monday at 1477
Twenty-first ave.. East Oakland. ¦
OPERATORS, experienced: also learners; paid
while learning. G. W. REYNOLDS' muslin
underwear factory, 597 Mission, cpr. Second.
YOUNG lady to pose ln costume; must be a
brunette; no others need apply; state age'
and pay expected! Box 583. Call.
WANTED — Lady office assistant; one familiar
¦with figures .preferred; give reference and
wages expected. Box 423, Call office.
WANTED — Capable woman of experience to
have charge of small rooming-house; now
, running. Address box 406, Call office.
WOMAN to keep house; 2 grown people, boy
6; excellent home for right party; city refer-
ence. Box 490, , Call office.
A FEW- operators on ladies' underwear; begin-
ners paid while learning. / BAUER BROS.
CO., 21 Sansome st. -
GERMAN girl for housework and cooking; 3
in family; references required. Call Monday
from 10* to 12 at 1410 O'Farrell st.
'A NEAT young girl to assist with lijht house-
work; wages $15. Apply Monday after 12 at
530 Broderlck st.
GIRL to assist in light housework. Call Mon-
j -day morning. 2003 California st
WANTED— Chorus girls at Fischer's Theater.
Apply to-day and to-morrow. before 11 o'clock.
WANTED — Lady piano player for country
roadhouse. Box. 924, Call office.
WANTED — Girl to learn to ' wait •- at table;
. wages paid. Restaurant. 52 Eighth st.
¦WANTED— First-class trimmer for fall season.
Apply MULLER & RAAS, 033 Market st.
BUTTONHOLE maker on Recce machine. 541
! Market st., upstairs.- \
FIRST-CLASS ' operators on pants. 541 Mar-
ket st.. upstairs. •- . j ¦•¦
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. 541 Market
st.. upstairs.. -
A VEST hand wanted. Apply. 13 Mason st,
room C.- . . ¦¦ :¦:'.. j ...;
WANTED— Lady piano player; call Sunday.
MOORE, 697 Ellis st. '
WANTED— Young girl apprentice: wages after
first four week3. Hair Store, 112 Eddy st.
GIRL for light housework and trip to country
Apply immediately. 225 Laguna st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking, paid; also
\> good seamstress. 135 Geary St., room 129.
WANTED — An apprentice for dressmaking;
paid while learning. 1111 Van - Ness ave.
A YOUNG girl for light housework; no wash-
ing. Call mornings, 1830 Sutter. St.. .
NO EXPERIENCE , NECESSARY . TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW 0VERALL8; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OK CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
I i LEARNING;* STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT.
I .'. LEVI : STRAUSS It , CO.. 32% FREMONT
j ST.; MR. DAVIS. V
WANTED— 6 girls to learn hairdresslng. mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
• required; bring ad; -costs only $3 60; 3 post-.
I tlons waiting; private - customers assure $50
.to $75 per month: day and even.' class; beware
; •: of imitations; ours first and only college of the
"kind on Pacific Coast. 233 Geary st., rs. 18-15.
WANTED— An experienced cashier 1 for a re-
. tall .dry goods ¦ house;, references required.
- Address L. R. St CO.,, box 450, Call office.' ,
LADY oT indomitable energy, possessed of self-
s csertlon ; good • opportunity for right party.
P. PERSON. ; room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — Saleslady- for . silk y waists, eta
CAILLEAU'S. . 114-116 gearny sf . ' y -'" .
WANTED— First-class saleslady for suits and
cloaks. .CAILLEAU'S. 114-116 Kearny it.
GOOD vest operator. Apply S. N.- WOOD &
CO.'S , factory. ' 27 Geary ¦ st '.' top . floor." ...
PANTS .operators ' wanted "by 8 ~ N WOOD • &
* CO. .Apply, at factory.. 27 Geary stFor Additional Classified Advertlit-
meats See Page Thirty-elfhfc
THE SAN FKAKGISCp GAUL, SUjSDAY, MAY 25, 1902.
37
REAL ESTATE^—ciTY— -FOR. SALE.
MADISON & BURKE. ¦ '¦¦ ¦
• . -:--..' (Established January, 1858.)
¦ - ' - REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery st, opposite Lick
House. .-
— INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10.000— O'Farrell st, near Polk; large house;
lot 22:11x120 to rear street; this Is an Improv-
ing location.
HOWARD STREET.
$8(500 — Very cheap; store, flat and rear house;
rent $70; lot 25x90; .Howard, bet 10th & 11th.
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$16,000 — Market-st. gore lot, intersection of
Ridley st, 99 feet on Market; covered with
stores; this is a bargain.
• $14,000— Stockton st, near Sutter; 8-story
brick ' building paying good Interest; new and
substantial Improvements.
$15,000— Large property on Minna st, near
6th. holding Mission-st. frontage; building suit-
able for factory; lot 60x75.
Flats renting for $26; on Seventeenth st. nr.
Castro; lot 25x100; price $3500. >
$5000— San Jose ave.. near Twenty-ninth st,;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 36x81. '
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st.
near Eureka; modern; 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75.
$5000 — Turk st, near Stelner: good 8-room
house, with stable in rear; lot 25x137:6; large
yard. • , .
LOTS.
Only $8000—100x125; east line Castro st. be-
tweeen 17th and 18th; cheapest lots In this lo-
cation; street work all. done; Market-st car
system passes. , ¦ , .
$1200 for 2 lots 25x90; near 17th and Market,
$3000— Corner Twenty-fifth and Alabama
sts.; 60x100; a good corner to Improve.
$2760 — Hayes at; north line, near Central
ave.; 25x137:6.
$1250 — Twenty-second st, near Florida, 25x
104.
$2500 — Stelner st..' near Waller J a choice
building lot; cheap; 25x91:6.
. Lots on Twentieth ave.. between Clement st
and Point Lobos ave.: a choice line of lots,
$550 and $600, on easy terms If desired.
~'*X MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st _
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY— Kor gslev
McAFEE BROTHERS.
• 108 Montgomery st.
MUST BE SOLD.
150-acre ranch, - one and a half miles from
Sonoma; mostly fruit and vines; good modern
house; finest site In Sonoma County: crop,
stock, 'furniture and farming Implements go
with the place; price only $8000.
FINEST BARGAIN IN THE STATE.
' 174-acre fruit and stock ranch; Sonoma Coun-
ty, about 30 miles from San Francisco; 20 acres
Bartlett pears will clear over $2000 this year;
balance of ranch rented for cash; plenty of
water; fine deep soil that will grow anything:
situated on Petaluma Creek; house and farming <
implements go with the place; price $15,000, or
-will sell orchard separately; best of reasons for
selling. • .
FARM 75 ACRES." '
2 miles from Felton, 10 miles from Santa
Cruz; 40 acres cultivated; 25 acres choice ap-
Sles, balance pasture; bard finished/ dwelling;
rooms, barn, etc.; running water piped; will
! make a flne home; crop- this year about 4000
boxes apples; trees Just coming Into bearing;
price $5000.
50 ACRES. NEAR REDWOOD CITY.
Finely improved; good income; price $10,000;
half cash, balance mortgage; make offer.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
MONTEREY COUNTY BARGAINS IN LAND:
$7500 — 2SS acres of good land near Salinas; 20
acres young orchard on same; all fenced;
' well watered; near school house.
$6500—320 acres .of land; 10 acres bearing
orchard; good large house, barn and out-
houses; fenced; good neighborhood and
adjoining school bouse.-
$6000 — 60 acres of land, in a growing section
In the fruit belt; 12% acres In bearing
vineyard; house, barn, wine cellar; well
watered by living springs: flne climate.
$6000 — 92 acres of land near- Salinas; good
house; large barn and outbuildings;
.. . windmill and tank; all 'fenced; will
- make a flne home. ,
$800— A butcher shop business In a growing
¦ town; fixtures complete; good trade.
Acreage land near Salinas and farm
and stock ranches for sale throughout
Monterey County. Apply to "
F. H. LANG. Salinas City, Cal.
THE' AMERICAN GUARANTY AXD TRUST
.. »CO., ¦- -. -- -- . >.--'- -' —..-.- - _..,.
"> '[ ''-¦""¦'¦" 820-1-2-3 Hayward building.
Farm Lands. Stock Ranches,
Fruit Lands, ': Dairy Ranches,
-Timber Lands, - Orange Groves,
Poultry Farms. < '-''. Vineyards.
Prices to .fit any purse; . ¦ <
. Call or write for our list ¦ ;
$3000 — STOCK ranch of 150 acres, near Niles.
Alameda County; house-, barn, fruit trees and
running water; will exchange.
$4000—8 acres In Fruitvale, all In fruit;
new cottage, barn, windmill, tank, chicken
houses, brooders, etc.; will exchange.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
460 Tenth street Oakland. Cal.
$1770— A FINE home* of 8% acres, fruit and
poultry farm, at Uklah; good climate, good
water; 3 acres in fruit, 4 in grain; nice 6-
room cottage, store and wood house, horse
barn, cow barn, poultry buildings and yards;
all in fine condition: paying well; includes
new farming tools, top buggy and poultry: a
bargain. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 607
California st -^ ¦
GOOD opportunity to secure a flne country
home. & mile from Sonoma; 32^ acres all
Improved In grapes, fruit, bay, grain, etc.;
. everything to go with the place; win be sold
at a bargain to close estate. For full par-
ticulars apply to owners, M. JOOST & BRO..
600 to 618 Gough st, San Francisco, CaL
2-STORY brick building. 70x100, on- the best
corner in Santa Cruz, paying now 9 per cent
on $22,C00; with some alterations can be mail*
' to pay 7 per cent net on $30,000; this property
- can be bad at above figures and on vtrf
favorable terms. Box 390, Santa Crua.
¦ FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
- Cotfttt. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
- Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Co tat I Co., 302 California, st. for
pamphlets . and information. -
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands In
large and small tracts In Alameda, Ban Joa-
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list HEALEY & CARR. Realty and Min-
lng Co.. 713 Market, r. 406: tel. James 4121.
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about IB acres.
San. L^sndro road, Elmhurst; electric cars
pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, 'barns, chicken-house's,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of finest
semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY, owner, Elmhurst
$1300— A^ SNAP . in a flne little. 25-acre home
in Lake Co.. overlooking Clear Lake and
. close to town; 8 acres In hay; 3 acres In
alfalfa; family orchard; fine residence of 5
rooms, barn , etc. ; windmill and tank. C. F.
MOORE. 935 Market'st
FOR sale / or exchange^ — One of the best fruit
ranches In Sonoma County; has cost present
owners $28,000; 92 acres; 80 acres In fruit
and vineyard; all first class, with farm Imple-
ments and stock. Address J. R. LITTLE.
Berkeley, Cal. ¦
ALTA PUNTA Tract, on San Pablo ave. ; on
electric road to Point Richmond;' acreage,
small tracts, $180: to $250; .selling rapidly;
look at tbie land now; free carriage. G. W.
HAIGHT. 401 California st. S. F. ''
FOR SALE — Small chicken ranch; flne; fully
equipped; within V» mile of Sonoma; must
s*n : . cheap for cash. .Writ* to C. R. WIN-
: i FIELD, Sonoma. ; Cal. ¦¦-¦¦-..--.
SANTA CLARA County; 4-room house: lot 212
x258: 1 cow; 1 horse and wagon; 60 pigs;
250 chickens, all sizes: 100 laying hens; all
for $1500. A. C. BERGER. Gllroy, CaL
$5500— A 20-ACRE fruit ranch In Santa Crus
Mountains, near school, church and station,
for ". sale or . exchange for S. ' F. property.
> 443 Caatro at.
FOR SALE— 88 acres good level valley land
j cheap; 1 mile west of Rutherford. Particu-
lars at the place. Box .93, St. Helena, Cal.
Santa Clara Valley. San .lose and Peninsular
properties. See . WOOSTER. WHITTON *
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. A San J.
COLONY tracts, estates,' ranches, ranges, tim-
ber, mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills . bldg.'
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
| Call, 16 pages. ' sent to ¦ any . address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
* : ;. REAL ESTATB WANTED.
WANTED — A . piece of; property with three or
more tenants; must be In good repair and
reasonable price for cash.- Address with par-
. ticulars, box 487, Call office. .._¦-¦
WANTED — Berkeley real estate for cash: make
the r price catch my money.-: Y. E. .N.. box
• 448. Call office. j . ¦ • . '
WANTED — A modern cottage or house of 6
" ; rooms: Mission preferred."' Box 416. Call. •
WANTED — To rent email milk ranch: good lo-
¦•*'- cation; or poultry. -Box 440. Call office. ¦'
''•¦!'.^'-'.'----^^' T - E . l ?."' 1 ' O - f kEASK.
A 8 OR 4 story. building, about 23 to 30 by CO
to 80 feet, located south of ; Market and be-
tween 3d and 8th sts., city. . Address Mission,
. 641 Commercial st, city.
REAL ESTATE—.ciTY~FOR SALE.
LYON & HOAG. :
v 116 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$12,600— Devlsadero-st. flat's; rent $110: -8 fine
. '.new flats of 7. rooms and bath each;
i .',- . modern in every respect; a good
- ¦ ¦ building and a goc . location.
$18,000 — Rent $175; 3 brand "hew • elegant flats
in- the best portion of the Presidio
. . Heights District; contain 8 rooms and
' bath each and every modern conveni-
ence;' expensively finished In the best
of , taste; lot 35x125 'feet; magnificent
-¦"¦" marine - view. - .. . *. . • '
$4,850— O'Farrell st, near Stelner; 2-story
.-; -. ¦ ' house of . 7 rooms a^d, bath and good
stable; lot runs through to rear street
$15,750— Rent $135; nearly all under long lease;
: ' , -. splendid modern 3-story building con-"
;-'¦-' talning store and -flats; large corner
lot on one of the best business streets
. . in the Western Addition. :-.--' '
$2,500— Florida . at. near 25th; . 25x100 feet,
with i. 2-Btory bay-window , house of •: 6
"-, '..'¦'•-. large rooms and bath; brick founda-
, tion;. also stable for three horses.
Send for our complete printed list of proper-
ties for sale in all sections of the city.
" HANDSOME NEW FLATS.
$5,500— Two flne flats; Bartlett near 26th; all
: , .. -. latest conveniences: big basement: lot
25x125: offer wanted. . . ,
IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
$25,500-^-Howard st. near 2d: 40 feet front,
• . .. ¦¦;. through to . rear street; an excellent
• ; buy; bljr Increase soon, j -
$2,600— Lot 55x120, with 2 frontages; rent $26;
• •- : --. Lombard, near Steiner; only \i of lot
Improved; big bargain; to close estate..
. $7,600^-Large cornnr, 50x80, on 13th st, near
. Folsom, with erood building, contain-
ing store and fiats above; also 2-story
- house of 6 rooms and bath, rent $58 60;
¦could be easily Increased to $70: good
investment; mortgage can remain. -
$6,000 — Oak st; near • Fillmore; two flats of 5
and 6 rooms and bath; rent $47 50;
'. lot 25x137:6.. ...• .- ,
$14,600— Rent $160; Washlngton-st flats;
.'brands new. containing. 8 rooms and
- .. ; . bath each; large lot; this is a splendid
•"¦ . - investment in swell neighborhood.
$7,000— Rents $65; two brand new Waller- st
flats, 6 rooms, etc.. each; key lot;
"-' good light and sun; splendid bargain.
$13,500 — Rent $110; Bush, near Grant ave.:
. 4-story : building; • brick foundation;
' ' : new plumbing ; same tenants for
¦~- years; large lot ¦ , •
, ' LYON A HOAG,
• - ¦•¦¦-¦.- '¦- ~ 116 Montgomery st.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. -
22 MONTGOMERY ST.
' LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
$7,000— Rents $54; 4 houses of 5. rooms and
' . • bath each; large lot 80x60; bank mort-
gage ,of $4000 can remain.
HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD. :
$6,500 — House of 10 rooms and bath; new
plumbing; rent $40 per month; a choice
Investment upon which a large profit
• • should be realized. •
.»; ',. " POWELL-ST. BARGAIN.
$6,500— Rents $47 30; 3 flats near Bush et.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CbRNER RESIDENCE.
$3,500 — Large, handsome corner residence on
. best part of the Heights; large lot;
every room sunny. ' ; -
•«»<va PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
*2,600— Store and flat of 6 rooms: In flne con-
dition; near Fourth and Folsom.
.«« CHEAP LOTS.
.. 1850— Church, near Twenty-third; 25x75. • ¦
?I'lTO — Seventeenth, near Diamond; 29x75.
#O *'52— Seventeenth, near Douglass; 25x85.
|2.600— Haight, near Baker; 25x100.
$2.250— Folsom. near 25th; 25x122:6. .
._-_.. HARRISON-ST. BARGAIN. .
• $5.000— Lot 50x75. with coal yard, house and
t stable: rents $30: lot alone worth $7500.
«t *«£ LA J" ST - CORNER RESIDENCE.
$7.600— Fine house of 0 rooms and bath; large
lot, 30x110.
•1 a iui« t» WEBSTER-ST. FLATS.
$13,600— Rents $110; tenants pay water; 3 new
¦"'¦' loo' T rooms and bath each; lot 27:6
MAGNIFICENT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RES-
$30,000— Elegant mansion of 15 rooma and all
latest appointments; only Just com-
.. pleted; magnificent marine view; par-
ticulars at office.
._¦ . CHEAP RICHMOND CORNER.
f2,700— Corner of California st and 4th ave.;
• 64x100; a snaD.
¦¦--.^ PRESIDIO HEIGHTS FLATS.
$7,000— Rents' $822 per annum; 4 flats "of 3
and 4 rooms and bath each; always
rented; lot 32:7x137:6. . ¦ :• .
ml .glLLMORE STREET INVESTMENT.
$6,500 — Rents $556 per annum; 3 houses; lot
48x81:3. .
¦SACRAMENTO-STREET RESIDENCE. I
$5,600 — North side-, near Devisadero; lot 27:6x
127:8; 2-story and basement house of
\, .;*¦ 7 rooms and porcelain bath. .
FINE SIXTH-STREET PROPERTY.
MO, 000— Rents $225, can b« Increased: lot 77x
75. covered with 8-story buildings: 5
stores and 6 flats: make offer.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
$15.000— 45:10x137:6. . on Fremont, near Fol-
som; renting at prerent.for $76.
•-.,•¦¦ ¦-¦¦¦...¦- :¦¦¦•¦ O. P. BALDWIN. & SON. "
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO, (Inc.).
*r : 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$12,760— McAllister, near Steiner; 25x137:6;
2 modern flats; rents $116. . '
, $10,600 — Page, nr. Laguna; 27:6x120 to rear
Btreet: house of 8 rooms and bath; .
$10,500 — Third-st. corner; pays 10 per cont
$10.000 — Flllmore. hr. Pacific: 30x112:6; house
of 8 rooms and bath; rent $65.
$8250— Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
street; house of* 9 rooms and 2 rear flats;
rents $64. •- ' »- •
$8000— Bush, nr. Larkin; 22:11x137:6; 2 flats;
rents $55.- - - - -
$7600 — Union, nr. Dupont; 23x69; three-story
bouse; rents $75. . '
$7500— Clay. nr. Baker: 27:6x85; 2 bay-win-
dow flats; rents $55. /
$6250 — Vallejo. nr. Mason; 98x137:6, with L
39:6x60; flats and cottages; rents $96.
$6000— Post 1st. near Baker; 41:3x137:6.
$6500 — Lombard, st, near Jones; 27:6x100;
2 flats; rents $32.
$4500— Bartlett, nr. 24th; 26x117:6 to rear
street; 2 bay-window flats; rents $38.
$4500 — Clara st; store and flats; rents $48.'
$4500 — Cor. Geary and'. Broderick; 25x92; 4
flats : rents $34. r ¦ .
$3750 — Liberty st, near Guerrero; 25x114;
2-story bay-window residence; rent $20 50.
UNIMPROVED.
$17,000 — Sansome, near Green; 83:6x137:8. .
California, near Webster; 25x137:6.
$9500 — Corner Gough and' Filbert; 137 :6x
107:8V4- "- . . .. . .
S5C00— Green, near Polk; 60x113.
. $7000 — Cor. Turk and Devisadero; 27x86:11.
$6500— Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10x137:3.
$5250— Corner Jackson and. Locust;. 37:<ix
I02:8V4- ' ' : V
$3500— Devisadero, near Union; 85x100.
$2500— Union, nr. .Webster: 34:4V4xl37:6.
. $2100 — Cor.. 21st arid Hampshire; 25x97:6. *
S2000 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:8x114.
S1400 — McAllister, near Willard; 23x100.
, $1300 per lot— Bryant ave., near Twenty-
sixth; 2 lots, each 26:8x100. _,
S1000 — 17th. near Uranus; 25x100.
$1000 — Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105.
$900 per lot— York, near Twenty-sixth; 2 lota,
each 26:8x100.
• $85 a front foot— Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
. 400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes. •¦ ' ¦ - ¦ -¦•¦ ¦ . ¦ ; f,
CENTER & SPADER, -
11 Montgomery st. i (Lick House Block).
Larkin st. near O'Farrell; flats and stores;
rents $275; large lot. Call for par-
• ticulars, . . ' •¦¦-.: .r
$5,750 — Large corner lot on. Folsom st; 35x
122:6; old Improvements; rents $42 50.
$6,600— Sixteenth st, near .Howard;, lot 2Sx
-.¦ 110; good improvements; r,ents $30.
$16,000 — RentB $1740; new flats; in Western Ad-
' dltton;. lot 25x132.
$2,700 — i5x80: on De- Long ave., near Fred-
.: •, ;erick et ••- .-', ¦ -¦•- - ..
$5,500 — Rents $600 per annum; modern flats on
' Twenty-second " st, near Valencia, 5
,, { and 6 rooms; never vacant; lot 25x114;
: : . this property must be sold immediately.
$15, 000 — Rents $1460 ; Buchanan st. ; Just fin-
ished; 3. up-to-date, flats,. 7. 8 and 8
. rooms ; porcelain tubs ; patent wash
i ' trays: electric appliances, etc.; lot
'25x110. ,
$6,5OO- : -$72OT3er annum; 6 flats; always rent-
¦ -..- ' ed ; .•' large - lot, 44x80 ; Clara s St., near
: 'Sixth.'-- •.-'¦ ¦¦•-. ¦¦ -¦ -••• --. i
Block on Folsom and Twentieth sts. and Treat
¦ave., in subdivisions of 25x122:6 and 25x
. 95; one-third cash, 6 per cent interest •
streets paved with bituminous rock
' -and cement sidewalks. ,
$12,600— Choice ¦ N.E. corner, Howard , and
:. Twenty-fourth sts. ; modern building-
; . - .-fiats and stores ; rents $110; lot 05x92
$7,500— Howard st, near Twenty-fourth; .two
2-story houses; rents $45; Jot 60x92*
.30 feet unimproved; very cheap. '
$6,000— Rents $63 v- Clementina st, near
• Fourth; Btore and. flats; lot 25x80-
¦ ' r enap. ¦:,-." - ' , .
,' $6.000^-Oak st, near Flllmore: 2 modern bay-
W-; .;• .-, window flats; rents i $"47 60; .lot 25x
137:6. ¦ ' ; -- . - . ¦ . • - -
$1,600— Florida st, near Nineteenth; cottage
; . stable and outbuildings; 25x100; cheau
. .-- / . "CENTER &. SPADER.
j. r. plumbe. . ".. .'¦,.:.¦,¦¦ - :
v '' -i^vo -.r , '. RBAL ESTATE.
1402 Valencia, st. '
BARGAINS.
$2400— Cottage.' 6 rooms and bath; lot 32x100-
Twenty-sixth st. .. ¦¦' '• ; , ¦ f .
$1350^-CoUage.' 6 rooms; lot 25x114. ( 27th
St., near ¦. Dolores. '•'¦*.' ... ,
. $1500— Cottage. 4 t rooms; lot : 25x100; offer
wanted. L' Sanchez st; near Valley.
, $1400ACottage, 4, rooms; lot 25x80. Folsom
st,: near. 28th. ; •¦;-..¦'¦ ,* ...-:-..¦-
y $650— Lot 25x114.' Duncan st; must be sold.
$4500— TO prevent * foreclosure, at* a sacriflce:
.... lot 25x90; Improvements ; two-story house of
••! 8 • rooms - on - Fillmore st, ' near corner ¦ of
> Haight , Apply R. i McCOLGAN.V 24 ' Mont-
gomery 8t.;room 8/. - - --.y..-
FOR Sale — A» a whole or In subdivisions, 50-
vara lot, south line Union «t; 137:6 feet east
: of : Pierce.-. lx)t, -' northeast corner ; Green ; and
.Pierce 1 sts., 103:6x137:6 --feet. ' Inauire . of
¦ CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker,
v 824 Montgomery st. -. : .- .r . - ; , .
$6600— NEW flats near ' park. THE McCAR-
; THY COW 849 M** 6 * •*• '
• CITY OF RICHMOyP.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
The coming city of the West, situated on ths
east side of San . Francisco Bay, adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminus or tho Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific R. R. Co.'s. location
of the Standard Oil Co.'s refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of men will be em-
ployed. Think what the City of Richmond
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to invest? Do you want to maka
money? Don't hesitate- while you have the>
chance to buy lots in the City of Richmond.
FROM $180. FROM $180.
$3 PER MONTH. $3 PER MONTH.
EEE THESE LOTSI
SEE* THESE LOTSt
O*ver 400 sold In tbe last sixty days. Boms
of the best corners and Inside lots left.
Streets graded and macadamized.
Electric R. R. franchise passes through th»
property.
Railroad Depot at each end of the tract-
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe. .
Send for official map; mailed free.
RICHMOND LAND CO, (Inc.),
- Room 182. Crocker building. 8. K.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE}.
$5 A MONTH, ~~~
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
POINT RICHMOND LOTS
Are In the
SANTA FE TRACT.
ALL LEVEL. STREETS GRADED.
ALL STREETS WIDE.
* NO NARROW STREETS.
The Southern Pacific R. R. Is also golag to
make this a TERMINUS.
McEWEN BROS, 118 MONTGOMERY,
SOLE AGENTS.
. REA1 ESTATB TO EXCHANGE.
$3000 — STOCK ranch. 150 acres, between Sunol
and Nlles. Alameda County; house, barn,
fruit trees and running water.
$3500— Cost $6600; S acres In Fruitrale; new
house; windmill, fruit trees, chlcksn-housesw
etc.; no mortgage.
$6600— Fins residence, downtown; 10 roomsj
lot 48x125; choice location.
GEORGE! W. AUSTIN,
460 Tenth st. Oakland.
FOR exchange— Some ' flne bearing lemon
ranches. San Diego. Q. Newton. 758 Market,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AtAMKPA RBAIi ESTATB.
ADMINISTRATOR'S RHAI. E3TATB
AUCTION SALH j
of ths I
CHOICE BUSINESS AND RESIDENCS
PROPERTY I
. ' Of th« Late Airs. W. A. J«nn*r.
Sale on the Premises.
SALE— SATURDAY. May 81, at 4 p. m.
The first piece of property that will b* sol4
is situated on Santa Clara ave., between Oak
and Park sts.. lot 75x150, with two houses oa
same; will be subdivided to suit purchaser.
The second piece of property that will b«
sold Is a house of stx rooms, with lot, lo-
cated on Webb ave.. near Park st
This is a grand chance to get a fin* plec*
of Alameda business property. Ths earn*
must and will be sold to settle up th« estate.
EDWARD B. LYMAN. Administrator.
A. F. ST. SURE, Attorney for the Estate.
J. A. MUNROE & CO.. Auctioneers.
Office. 1501 Park st. Alameda, Cal.
f, Tel. Grand 178i
BARGAINS! BARGAINS I BARGAINS.
Foreclosure properties for sale this week.
1 ' .' Some exceptionally good values.
$1500. $1800. $2450, $2500 purchases fin*
homes; largo lots; best locality; near trains
and schools.
$2750. $3500. $4500. $5750; elegant and modern
homes: very desirable; choice locations.
The above must be disposed of this week.
Homes for sale in all parts of Alameda.
Furnished houses and houses to let
Homes built rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st. Alameda.
Tel. Grand 1461. Correspondence- solicited.
$1800— 6-ROOM modern cottage, close to sta-
tion and school: large lot; owner selling on
account of -departure.
$3250 — Fine seven-room cottage In finest
location In Alameda; almost new; larars lot;
V. terms. HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
- . 2328 Santa Clara ave.
HOUSES, cottages and lots for sale near
schools and stations; also for rent, furnished
and unfurnished houses. ' Apply to CHARLES
- ADAMS & CO., Bay Station, Alameda.
j ALAMEDA ROOMS.
SUNNY furnished room in Alameda, suitable
for couple; board. Box 4231 Call. Oakland.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRWTYALE REAL ESTATE.
A— W. E. RUDELL, Frultvale Ave. and Wash-
ington. St, Frultvale, Cal.
$800— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; high basement: attlo all
floored; good brick foundation: barn and
chicken houses: abundance of flowers;
lot 40x137; 3 blocks from electrto car
line; see this for a bargain; easy terms
If desired. ;
$1250 — New cottages of 4 rooms and bath; all
grained in oak; stationary washtubs;
• ' - city water: lot 87x175; $200 cash, bal-
ance $12 CO per month: a bargain.
$1700 — Modern house of 6 rooms and bath;
sewer and city water: lot 60x167: $100
cash, balance $19 20 per month; 8 blocks
from Fruitvaie a.ve. and car lin».
1X800 — Now modern cottags of S Ian* rooms
and bath; mantel, etc.; high baseman*,
half floored: stationary wash tubs; goo4
brick foundation; large lot, situated oil
sunny side of street: only one block
from local station; $300 cash, balanoa
119 per month.
$1800— House of 6 rooms and bath i seww an4
city water; lot 60x120; fins location; oa*
block from Frultvale *v«.
52700 — New two-story house of T rooms; peeesi
lain batb; reception hall; all modeara tav
provements; gas and electrto fixtures {
beautiful view; only one block from
eleetrio car line; lot 60x168; $500 cash,
balance $28 per month.
$6500 — Beautiful residence of IS rooms and
* bath; steam heaters; manteL fireplace
and marble washstand In each bedroom:
electric bell In each room; stable for 4
horses and carriages; cexnsnt plate for
washing carriages: larg* corner lot, 130
xl40 ft: with decorated garden*- tress
' and flowers In abundance 1 an Ideal plaos
for sanitarium or doctor's home; reason-
i able terms If so desired.
$1400 — Cottage of 6 rooms: bath; mantel: hot
and cold water: large stable; lot 47x101 j
' only two short blocks from Frultval*
'¦' station; $200 cash. bsJance $14 40 per
month; must be sold within 3 days; an
' opportunity worth investigating.
$3400— Fins business opportunity; two-story
bouse, with large ,• store and two rooma
downstairs; 7 rooms and bath upstairs;
good well, windmill and tank; also city
water; corner lot 73x128; fruit trees.
etc>, situated on Fruitvale av*., in the
best part of Frultvale. .
W. E. RUDELL. Fruitvale are. and Wash-
ington st. : of flea hours, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m_. Sun-
days Included. '
$3500— COST $6500; an Ideal home; 8 acres all
. in fruit; fine chicken ranch; new cot*
tage; fine well, tank, plenty of water J
stable, chicken house* and brooder*.
$3300— Cost $8500: beautiful suburban hornet ]
acre; new house, of 8 rooms and-bathl
all in fine condition: • enclosed drive-
way; fruit trees; outbuildings; chicken
houses and brooders; shrubbery, flow-
ers; live aviary; 2 fountains; near eleo>
trie line.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
¦ -¦ 460 Tenth st, Oakland.^
PRETTY cottage of 8 rooms; lot 50x140: fntit
and well: reasonable. Inquire on premises)
Sundays or evenings after 7 p. m.. first house
west side Fremont ave.. near Fourteenth st
$4500— A COMFORTABLE house of 10 rooms.
In choicest part of Frultvale; 5 minutes' walk
from station: lawn, flowers, fruit and orn*«
mental trees: lot 200x100. Apply on premr
lses. cor, of 28th ave. and East 12th st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
1« pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
T» jo; xnX 9uo »p*unQ ¦"> samg paiiuq
Mill Valley Advertisemepts.
MILL VALLEY. REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL MILL VALLEY.
Forty Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
We have subdivided Into lota the finest prop,
erty in Mill Valley, known as the Sunnyslde
Tract; the streets have been graded, and will
be sewered" and macadamized; the tract com-
mands splendid views of Mount Tamalpaia and
the bay; the North Shore Railroad is about to
expend $1,000,000 to perfect an - Ideal ferry
and electric Una system to Mill Valley. Send
now for plats and prices and go and look at
the property. M"AFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco. Cal.
REAL, ESTATE—CITY— -FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., ; . '
- ¦• :¦• "038 MARKET ST.
AUCTION
\ ,,. auction.. ' . .;-_••¦
. AUCTION.
TUESDAY .June 3, 1902
At our salesroom.' 638 Market et. . ,v
. At 12 o'clock noon.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER. ,
Southwest corner of 17th and Church sts. —
Two stores, with 2 and 4 rooms, renting for
$4S0 per annum; mortgage $5000 can remain at
« per cent; lot 55:6x100 feet . -
¦ ¦ ¦ ' • • > ¦ .- , also. - ¦ . :
South side (Nos. 3 1 H-J713-3715-3717) . Seven-
teenth st, 55:6. feet west of Church st — Four
modern flats of 5, 5, 6,- 6 rooms and bath each,
renting for $828 per annum; mortgage of $3500
can remain at 6 per cent; lot 44:6x100 feet.
[ CALIFORNIA ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
North line (Nos. 1448-1450X California St.. 35
i feet east of Larkin — Two tv*p-Btory houses of
j 6 rooms, bath and basement and store; present ~
income $702 per annum; lot 40x70 feet
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. N
Northeast side (Nos. 219 to 225) Langton St..
225, feet southeast ¦ of . Harrison— Four front
houses of 4- rooms each and three rear houses
of 4 3, 3 rooms in • good condition and renting
for. $6S4 .per -annum;. lot 50x80 feet
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
North side (Nos. 3422-3424) 19th St.. 105 feet
west of Mission — Two nice well built houses of
6 rooms and bath, with separate basements;
present Income $42 per month. '
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 925) Haight st, 125 feefwest
•of Devitadero— An . Imposing well-built resi-
dence, : 7, rooms. -.bath and basement; cement
walk; lot. 25x137:6 feet.
TWENTY- SIXTH~~ST. HOMB SITE.' •
South side of 26th St., 216:3% feet west of
Castro — A.< flne lot, only a short distance from
Castro st. cars; sewered and macadamized; lot i
38:2^x114 fee.t.
BROADWAY PROPERTY.
North line (No. 1080) Broadway, 44 feet
east of Jones — A two-story house of 0 rooms
and bath, renting for $300 per annum; mag-
nificent view; lot 23:6x77:6 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION IMPROVED PROP-
'. ERTY.
West line (No. 1415) Lyon s^., 87:6 feet south
of Sutter — A two-story house. 8 rooms and
bath; desirably located: lot 25x119:6 feet.
UNION ST. LOTS.
South line of Union st. 137:6 feet east of
Baker— Four flne large building lots, 27:6x137:6
feet each. . . . •
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Rlx fine building lots on the north lino of
27th st..- 160 feet east of Noe— Two of 25x114
feet, three of 26:8x114 feet and one. of 80x114
feet; also nine large lots on the south line of.
Army st.. 236 feet east of Noe, 26:8x114 feet
each.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
¦¦:' 638 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
' ¦ • MARKET STREET
- . HIGH CLASS BUILDING SITES.
$75,000— Corner on Market St., near 12th; 76x
• -V.y> 124 ft. ; three frontages.
$45,000 — Sutter. near Stockton; 37:6x100 ft.
$30.000— NW, comer on Battery st ; near post-
¦ ' .office. - 3
$27,500— N. side of O'Farrell st, near Mason;
, .,« 27:6x137:6 ft. •-
$11.500 — Three modern well-built flats of 5-6-7
; ' rooms and batb, on Jackson st.' B of
van Ness ave.: sanitary plumbing,
etc.; rents $1290 per annum. ¦
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATB.
MAKE- OFFERS AT ONCE. .
Appraised for $4500; Stevenson st.. between 3rd
• - - and 4th sts. ;¦ present Improvements
rent $510 per annum; lot 20x70 ft;
¦ ¦ similar property In this block has sold
within the last month for $325 per
. . - . . . . front foot. . . . .
Appraised for $7625; 4th st, near Harrison;
. ... . three-story building, renting for $900
per annum: -Jot 26x73 ft
Appraised for $4750; a corner with 112:6 ft.
frontage on^Kearny st; Improvements
• i? ?l ts " y^ich, if put In condition,
would rent for $120 oer month, i
Appraised^ for $6376: 5th st, near Harrison;
three-story building; rents $540 per
annum; lot 25x82:6 ft.
These, properties must be sold this week; in-
vestigate at once. • • .
Reduced .^rom-WIW; Jnu.t be, sold at once;
- , , . price, $4250: handsome modern bay-
. : . . window house of 9 rooms and bath, on
,. .,.-. Sanchez st. near Waller; property in
this neighborhood has Increased 60 per
cent in the last year; lot 25x120 ft
$5.000— Vallejo st. near Water Front; three
flats and a rear house, in nne condl"
£i.mi ttlk* TB rented : new • plumbing;-
rents $540 per annum; lot 25x80 ftfi-
$7.250— Reduced for Immediate sale; an ex-
his own home and Is flrst-class in
every respect; lot 25x92 1:4% ft.
$8,200— NW. corner on 17th St., containing
ann^mfio? %&?% ™'» *»
¦ BASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO
L 638 Market'st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG. ~~ ~~
Rents Conected. §££ - E £™? *HS
Charge Taken of Property
1RAftftn __ - «« MARKET ST. , '
$60,000—2 full water lots; size Sl-SxlST-n 1
SiVif^j2, H0Ward and Steuart st. . 87 ' 6
$175,000— Close to Powell and Market sts •
SE rinW75^r b mon?h ent
nS^tw^S^TSir^a °Va 8 n*N d es,
num. and norUl r -^ M «ket: VenTs $K*60pe r an!
$15.000— California st. near Mason; lot 63 -8
x6»t feet, with improvemenu WWJn> l0t M>0
$18.000— Lot 67:6x60 feet; improvements con-
\ %£ thr 1 '- e - 8t0 " r buildings; dose to Mason
« d O^Farre" «ts.: rents $135 per month.'
$20,00O-Geary st. close to Powell; good 8-
story building; rents' nominal.
$21.000— California St.. near Gough north
line; an elegant 13-room residence, 2 baths and
fln i5 h !JL ba8ement: lot 34:4%xl37:6 feet "
$16,000— Octavia st. near Ellis; 3 new up to
date flats; dome ceilings, .gas and electricity;
tinted walls: marble steps;.? and 9 rooms and
bath; income $130 per month; lot 25x110 feet
$5500— Howard st. between 17th and 18th-
8 rooms and bath: lot 25x125 feet; rent $29 per
month. • , .
$1500 — Summer st. off Howard near Eighth-
cottage of 5 rooms: lot 25x58 feet ,'
.$7000— Pine st. near Broderick; modern resi-
dence containing 9 rooms and bath; open
plumbing; percelaln tubs and sink; lot 25x
lE7iO feet. - • .
$8000— Pacific ave.. near Octavia; flne resi-
dence of 6 rooms and bath; -large basement
and billiard room. .
$6000 — Folsom st. near 20th: 2 modern flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $52 60 ner
month: lot 25x05 feet
$3750 — Twelfth ave., near Point Lobos: lot
50x120 feet; cottage of 6 rooms and bath; large
stable; rent $22 50 per. month. ¦ ¦
$025 — $425 cash needed, balance can remain
on mortgage at 6 per cent; flne 8-room cottage,
modprn In exery respect; In Richmond dlBtrlct'
100 feet from car line: lot 25x81:3 feet; the
prettiest and cheapest place In Richmond dis-°
trict. • • |
$6500 — Sutter St.. near Br<«lerick ; 2 „ choice
flats of 6 and 7. rooms and' bath; lot 26x110
feet; north line; rents' $47 50 per month. •'
$7000— Post st.. near Baker; 3 substantial
flats of 5 and 0 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x110
feet: rents $70 per month. " ¦-:, , i
$750 FOR 5 lots, .fenced, : 4-room bay-window
cottage, at Ingleside; .$100 cash, . $7 50 a
month. OSCAR.HEYMAN, 14 Post st. ; •
$15 PER month buys a new 4-room bay-window
. cottage, porcelain bath; street graded and
sewered: 2 blocks, from Mission st. OSCAR
HEYMAN. 14 Post st. ;
$5 A MONTH; level building lot on'llth ave.,
1 block from Kentucky st OSCAR HEY-
'..MAN, 14 Post st . ....
$20 A MONTH buys an . elegant cottage "' 5
rooms and bath; 1 block- from 22d»st cars.
. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st. ¦ . ;
$5. A MONTH secures you a leveL building lot.
graded and sewered, from $200 up;- 1 block
from 22d-st. cars. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14
Post ft .. ..'¦ -¦ - ; : -¦-."-, - .~;.,...-.
LOTS in. the Potrero.' near Union Ironworks'-
level and ready to - build on, $5 ( monthly
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st. • ,
$100 CASH and $7 60 a month buys a neat 4-
' room cottage, near Cortland ave.; price $725*
'a bargain. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post ' stT^ ]
ONLY 2 left of those large, level building lots
• 125 feet from Guerrero-st. cars; $5 monthly'
OSCAR HE YM AW.' 14 Post st. ' ' •'
$4S^0 — AT a eacrlflce to prevent foredoWre*
-lot and 2 flats of h and'5 rooms; near corner
- Twenty-flrst *and- treat ; ave.: this property
• must be sold. ' Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24
• Montgomery st, room 8.' . - - -. ¦;
WE will sell you house and lot or. build you
, bouse to suit on easy payments; same • as
, . rent. DONALD INVESTMBfNT CO.. 850
' '-..Market St. ;'¦"¦'-;'-.-. •'¦ *;¦:' .?. ¦ :¦ • V- ..- . .;' V |:
$2000— Twa cheap, flats.- small street near Hyde
and L*rkln; .646 Market it THE McCAR-
THY.CO.-" •;-;• -J _ ; .'¦/'; ¦¦,'!•¦
¦ A SNAP— Cottage of 4 rooma:' modern lmpfovi. .
raents; terms same as paying rent- Comer,
i - Bhotwell and Stoneman sts. -• ., ,
REAL ESTATE— CITY-—FOR SALE.
G. H. LMBSEN & CO.. v
No. 14 Montgomery st ;
$51.000 — Rents S415 K#r month: 7 newly con-
structed, and elegantly appointed flats. !
near Satter and Hyde sts. ; larg* lot •
40x137. :
$37.600 — P.ents 5230 per month : Ellis st, near |
Taylor et. ; substantial building oi 36
roomE, under lease. I
$2:>, 000— Rents 580 per month; Van Nesvave.
corner; substantial bay-window resi-
dence if 10 room* and hath; 35x1 0U. I
$22.500 — Kents $100 uer month, which caa be
readily increased: close to Kearny and i
Poet ets. ; good brick building; ttrad- '•
tly rented: Rood buy.
$21,500— Rents $102 50 per month; choice cor-
ner on McAllister st. ; new improve-
ments; consists of 5 flat* of 5-6-7
rooms and bath each; elegantly fin- ;
iehed; 37:6x9'i:10. >
$20.000 — Make offer; California Et. near Jones
st; good eubEtantlw building, with I
large lot; 50x137:6; must be solJ by I
order of the bank.
*16.5OO— Rents ff»S 50 per month- Ellis St., rear
Hyde eu ; 3 modem flats of 6-7-8 rooms
and batli each; 26:luxS7:6; this iirop- i
*,«» ~w, y wUl rea<J ily enhance in value.
$12,000— Rents ?S9 per month: corner on 10th
et. : substantial Improvements: consists
«, - Sf 2 etorea aa< i * flats; 30x100.
f 10,000 — Rents $105 per month; McAllister st. ;
8 modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath I
t,A«™ £* ch: just 25x137:6. I
UO,000^-RentE «92 5o per month; Masonic ave.:
3 newly completed flats of 6-7 rooms
**"* bath each; subtUnUally buUt;
wdxlO6:3.
$10/>00 — Rents $95 per month : McAllister st.
near Octavia st; good improvemeivts; ;
consists of 2 houses of 9 rooms and i
bath each, and cottase on rear street: j
steadily rented; brick foundation, etc.; '
**>«™ 27:6x120: two .frontages.
$8,500— Rents 581 x>er month; Jackson st; S
modern flats of 7-8 rooms and bath
each; 25x127:854.
$7,600— Choice corner on Broderick st: well-
built 2-story house of 8 rooms and |
bath; in perfect order; commands a
nice view; 25x100.
$6,500— Rents $47 50 i*r month: Lyon st..
near Park Panhandle; 2 flats of 6-7
rooms and bath each; in good order;
_ 25x100.
$5.600— Rents $45 per month: corner on 23d
st; new building, containing store and
2 flats of 4-5 rooms and bath each;
25x100.
9*.dOQ — Rents $31 per month: near Folsom
and 21st st«.; 2 modern bar- window
flats of 5-6 rooms and bath, each;
: . • brick foundation, etc. . I
?*i*00 — Rents $31 per month; near Valencia
and 20th sts.; 2 modern flats of 6 !
rooms and bath each, and rear cottage
25x80 room *' brlck foundation, etc;
$3.100-»-Wann belt of the Mission; modern
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; conservatory, stable and car-
e*/«^ riage. bouse in rear; 60x90.
$3,000— Rests 526 per month; Hayes st: 2
flats of 4-5 rooms.
$2.500 — Choice buildine corner on Geary st.
near Central ave.: 41x100. !
Call or write for our Real Estate Qecord.
containing a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city.
O. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
No. 14 Montgomery st
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP LOTS! CHEAP LOTS!
— $1000— Eighteenth st. In Mission; cars pass;
very cheap.
$1750 — Clay st.. near Maple; cheapest lot In
PreEiflio Heights; 25x102:8; must sell this
¦week. - r
$1500— AEbjBury st. near 16th; large lot. 37
xSO; cars pass.
$3500 — Northeast corner 15th and Shotwell ;
broadside to sun: flne for flats; 30x85; streets
bituminized.
$1250— First ave.. near Fulton and Golden
Gat*, Park: lots 25x120.
52750— Scott, near McAllister; 25x106; for
Hats.
$1500—30x110; Pacific Heights; corner; ma-
rine view. j,
S1KO0 — 50x114; 20th nr. Sancb.es; subdivide;
ready to build on. f
$750 — Fourteenth ave., near Clement; 20 lots;
25x127 each.
$000 — Alvarado. near Sanch.tr; 60x114.
S2200— Fillmore, nr. Waller; 24x81:3.
$10,750 — 61xl£7:6; flne Pacific Heights lot;
commanding a marine view.
MODERN FLATS.
Three fine fiats in Ashbury Heights; rent
$37; price $»750; key lot; north side of street
ONLY $4000.
New modern house of 7 rooms and bath on
College Heights; most picturesque location;
sheltered from winds and fog;' lot 28x150; this
la a bargain.
TO EXCHANGE.
Nice home in Western Addition; seven rooms
and both; lot 30x110; too large for owner; will
¦ ictkcge for lot or cott/*je; price $5500.
XEW FLATS. - -
- Tils clde of Van Ness ave. ; five and six
rocms; rent $57 50; price only $6000. ' f
BROADWAY.
Fine marine view lot; 61:9x137:6; with house
of nine rooms; one of ..the few remaining choice
marine view lots; will sell 28:9x137:6 for $10 -
000. McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st
HOTEL SITE. ? — "
Beautiful location for a summer and winter
lesort; we offer for sale five acres of land In
eunny Mill Valley, Cal.. within 2 minutes'
walk of Mill Valley depot For particulars
call or address McAFEE BROTHERS,
IPS Montgomery st
SPECK. & CO.. 6C7 Market st, opp. Kearny,
Real Ewtat«i Agents and Rent Collectors.
SELECTED BARGAINS.
$67,600— Brick building, stores and offices; lot
70x108; two frontages: rents $576.
$50.000 — O'Farrell-st. corner: inside of Larkin;
70x77:6; rents $2S5; mortgage, $24,000.
«*«p remain. ¦' -
$33,000 — McAllister-et corner- 85x98; good Im-
provements; rents $220; east of La-
g-usa.
tSS.000 — Baneome-st. corner; 70x130; rents $257.
$50,000 — Fine business corner; 8 stores and 6
flats; building -cost $25,000; lot 68:9x
71; rents $2450 per year.
$3S,000— Geary Bt.. nr. Jones; flne improve-
ments; rents $185.
$25,000—70x100 feet and residence of 21 rooms;
opposite plaza; suitable for sanitarium
or hotel.
$22,600 — North Beach core corner: 76x110;
stores and fiats; rent $216.
$20,600— O"Farrell-st Investment; east of
- Leaver. worth; lot 84:4x137:6; fine Bite
• for apartment or lodging-house.
$18.009— Ellli st, near Larkin; 2 frontages;
rents $140, «.
$18,000— Bansoms-st. Investment; 45-foot front-
age; want offer.
1 12, 500— Thrt-e sew flats; doss to Park Pan-
feandle; rants $113 CO.
t3, SCO Rents $103; lot 60x80; down-town In-
vestment. ¦ •
$3,200— Geary-et. corner; tt feet frontage; half
of property Improved: a cheap buy.
$2,500-3 fiattirrenU $581; l£ blocks from Hl-
CO.. 667 Market st '
HTADQUARTEBS FOR PARK LOTS.
Kb one can. beat our offering*.
$500 to $1000— Graded Sunset lots; $10
deathly. _¦ * ' .
$100 to $450 — Ocean Boulevard lots; $5
&ostbly.
$400 to $800— Richmond lots; all bargains.
Sunset Branch Office— Ninth ave., near H st i
$150 AXD $250 EACH.
Don't miss eeeing our Excelsior Homestead
lots; near Mission-et electric cars.
Level; no trading; Spring Valley water.
Ride to comer Mission st and China or
Brazil aves.
$1000. $1500 to $3000— Modern cottages; beet
locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ ft BROTHER,
Room 54. Chronicle building. '
A— JOSEPH ETRAUB '..850 MARKET ST.
RENTS COLLECTED.
.$2500 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
basement and attic; half block from cars.
13000— Two flats on Folsom et., near Twenty-
eecona; lot 22x115.
$3000 — TVo-story house of 6 rooms and batb;
on Clementina st. near Sixth; lot 20x80.
$3500— Filbert st. near KUlmore; 2 cottages;
lot 26:6x120; two frontages.
J5000 — -Washington et, near Mason; modern
brick house of 9 rooms and baths; -basement
$GOO0 — Buchanan st ; 2-etory house of 6
rooms, bath, basement, etc.; lot 25x92.
$7000— Harrison st, near Fifth; fl flati; rents
$60; lot 25xS6.
$8500— Jrxkson *t. near Baker; 3 modern
flattr: rents $«l 50 per month.
$10,000 — Scott et., near Geary; 3 modern flats;
rente $1000 per annum: lot 27:Cx96.
$12,500— P«ge Bt.. near Aihbury; 3 new flats:
rents t J12 60 per month; lot 25x107:6.
$35,000—12 flats and a residence In the Mls-
elon; pays 9 p*r cent dear; part cash.
M1 lL^ ley "^ Cot l a^L of 4 room »' furnished;
lot 126x300; price $2000.
Shasta County— 640 acre* of' white oak.
JOSEPH ETRAUB, 850 Ifrrket st
A - E - BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
£6 Montgomery et. room 11.
: Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$43,500— Cor. CO-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
-..„ -™ l?? at i? n J or house, fiats, etc.
112,500— Washington, nr. Webster; 50x127-6:
desirable residence lot
$30,000— Webster, nr. Washington; 60-ft front;
suitable for physician. ¦
$10,000 — 3 eunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park; grand view; rents $105
$2,S7S — Cheap: north Bide Clay st., near Lyon-
fine adjoining lot 27:6x100. for $3000
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS. •
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts.. nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 2« Montgomery, room
UL Branch office. Sunset. 1216 Ninth ave.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. V
. HEAL ESTATE AGENTS, •
:, ;, . 218-220 • Montgomery . st.
$11,000 — McAllister st.. 1 . near. Fillmore; store
and two floors" above; two • tenants;
1 ' : rent $S5; lot ; 25x100 ft. ; $6000 casK
. and balance 0 per 'cent will buy this;
. inquire at once. '_ - ¦ ¦ . ,
. $5,500— Twenty-sixth st.,' near Mlssisn; . 2-
' '-. - / ' story hotel, 28 rooms: rent $48; lot
¦' 43:6x100 f t;. elegant' investment-- *-.~
$7,000 — Union st. near.-: Broderick; ¦ marine
; ¦ . view; flats just built, 6-7 rooms; rent
$50; lot 27:6x137:6 ft.
$14,000 — Laguna-st. corner, near Vallejo; grand
¦ ••, - -marine view; 12 rooms, bath;, lot. 28x
' . ¦-• ' 107 ft. and all modern improvements;
'•'•¦ a" bargain. -. ' > . •
$12,000 — Willard st. near Carl; flne residence;
¦ -. ¦ , 6 bedrooms: lot > 75x106 ft. •
$9.000 — Sutter st. near Devisadero: lot 67:3x
. x 114 feet, with large old-fashioned resi-
.. ._ denceand stable; cheao. ; ~ '
$5,600 — Church st. nr. 16th: three cottages;
rent $37; U>t-5Oxl06:3 feet •
I $3,000 — Clay st, near Lyon; key lot; ready
to build on; 27:6x100 feet;a bargain.
?3,500— Washington et, near Cherry; grand
v marine view; lot 35x118 feet; a posl-
"tive barrain. .- ¦ -if
$6,750— Leaven worth St., near Broadway; four
\ \ 2-story houses In good condition; rents
$54; Jot 80x60 feet.
$4,750 — Clay St., near Fillmore; good 2- story
• ' house of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
10a:b%; best section . in . the Western
•¦¦- • ' Addition. -. ¦ , . •- .
$2,300 each— Dolores et, near 15th; lots
23x05 feet each; ready -to build on.
$25,000 — Mission st; near Sth; lot 39xlC0 feet '
- to rear street: imDrovements brick
building and 2 frame houses in rear;
- - fine investment. . .
$6,500— Haight st. near Pierce: flne residence
: of 10 rooms and bath; owner would
stay as tenant at $45 per month on a
' lease: lot. 25x137:6 feet-^
$1,200 — One-half of outside land block; 212x
240 feet Irregular; a bargain for an
investor.
$2,750— Twenty-fourth st. nr. Diamond; cat-"
,.„„' tase O f 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
$2,800 — Folsom st, near 15th; • lot 25x122:6
feet; a" bargain. , • ';
$3,000— Hayes St.. nr. Webster: a flne build-
ing lot, 24:10x137:6; ready to build on.
' Get a copy of our printed list of properties
. ¦ SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.V
• 218-230 Montgomery st", Mills bldg.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.. . . '' .
W.cflL&SS'fgK: fot l5 P x D i20 M1^o r^Ts?--
store and 3 flats; 3 blocks north from
Market st: - - -
$8,000— Rents $10S0; new modern building,
. store and two fiats; lot 25x122-6 •
$5,250— Two attractive, bay-windowed flats of
0 and 7 rooms and bath; north side of
Turk st. . ' ;
$6,250 — Rents $804; four new. modern flats;
, . porcelain tubs, tiled mantels, etc. ;
.lot 27:4xS0: dose to Park Panhandle.
$13,300 — Rents $1350; 3 new, modern flats;
north side McAllister st; lot 25x137:6.
$6,000 — Two very attractive, modern flats 5
. : and 6 rooms and bath; near Park Pan-
' • handle. - ¦
$4,000— Rents $504; never Idle; 4 well-built
flats near Eighteenth and Valencia sts.
$1,200— Snap; cheapest lot in city; Elghteenth-
¦ ¦•" -¦- st. cars pass. •'¦ •-¦
$4,750 — Two attractive, bay-windowed flats. 5
and 6 rooms and bath; rents $510; 18th
¦ st, near Howard.^ ' ¦ ,' -.
$5,600 — Two new Park Panhandle flats, 5 and
6 rooms and bath.
$8,000— Rents .$912: 3 handsome bay-window
flats on Pierce st. .' ' . ¦
$5,250 — K»w, modern residence; 6 rooms and
bath; electric lights, etc.; baiy-wlndowa
' ; Hunt and rear; Pierce st.
$5,260— Rents $672: close an estate; 40- foot
frontage; 5 flats, near Fourth and Fol-
som sts.
$e, 000— Rents $776: three bay-window flats, 6
rooms and bath; never Idle; Powell-st.
' cars pass. ': ' . ¦.. *
$5 000 — A bargain: lot 25x120. to rear st: 2
houses on front and 1 on rear street;
near Halsrht and Fillmore sts.
14 600— Rents $504; two flats, 5 and s 6 rooms
and bath; rear houso;. 30x100; Julian
ays., near Sixteenth at. <
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO., .
. - 205 Montgomery st, opp. Mills Bldg. ¦
N. H. LANG & CO.. .'
BANK SALE— BANK BALD.
I 1 -¦••¦¦ " -1 I-
- FOURTEENTH BT.
* I , ¦ 1 J— —
*. SO • 25 25 80
g $4,000 "g* vj| ' |®
a $8;6oo ". $1,660.' a
|S 5 --_ — -• ; ¦" : ' ¦• g •'¦
82 8 $3,600- $1,600. 9 2
;. : i : --'- '¦ ¦ - • -- - t ¦•¦.-•
.3 g $3,600 $i.6oo.- -8 fj :.
w $3,600 $l,50a H
w so 80 N
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
Greatest "slaughter of business lots ever of-
fered for genuine sale. Adjoining lots in blocks
north, south, east and west of tbU heaviest
transfer corner of the United Railways are held
and being sold for at least 25 to 60 per cent In
advance of. the figures shown in above diagram.
\The old buildings are now being removed and
lots ready for building; all the three streets are
sewered and accepted by the city; corner cross-
ings and stone curbing all in. also stone side-
walks. :, >" __.
N. H LANd & CO.," 40 Montgomery st..
Corner Sutter. : Phone Grant 123.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and .Entire Charge Taken
of Property. i
$6000— North side Lombard st. near Hyde;
10 rooms; nice garden; sheltered from winds;
fine view; lot 6( xl37.
$16,600 — Corner on Devisadero; newly im-
proved, up-to-date every way; rents $1680 per
annum. • . ' ¦ •• '.¦••- :
$14,000— Lot on Dramm st, near Market,
22:11x70; only $610 per foot; new building go-
ing up adjoining and another designed to go
up soon; will pay -well', to improve. • ¦-• ,
$2600— Pays big interest; $3t>0 rents per an-
num; Zoe st..- near Third and Brannan* in good
$3500 — North side Sutter st, between Baker
and- Lyon: good house. 7 rooms and .bath.
-. $10,000 — Large corner lot, Twelfth ave.: and
B st, between park . and Point Lobos ave. ;
240x225; good investment.' j. ,
$4000— Lot on Leavenworth st, near Green;
50x60; close to Hyde or Union st cars; will!
pay well if improved.
$4500— Lot on Chestnut st, 'near Stockton;
68:9x137; street accepted: wlllpay well to Im-
prove; will divide in three lots If desired.
$6500 — Lot S. side Jackson st.. near Walnut;
60x100; near cars and Presidio. - -. :
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st .
R D. CRANSTON & SON8. ." ' ¦ . . : " ...
.. ¦ .-. , - 114 MONTGOMERY ST.
$2500— Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; cheap. ¦
I $3700— 2-Btory residence (new), 6 rooms and'
bath; fine view. ¦•;¦ • ' ' ; .-•<•':
(4000 — 7-room residence . on Geary st,. near
Filliaore.' ¦¦ ' " ¦ ¦ - 1 ¦¦¦ '
$5000 — 2-story house of 8 ropms and bath;
near Park. •••¦ ,": -. i- . ¦ '
$5500— Golden Gate ave., near Pierce; 8
rooms and bath: 25x137:6. '
$4000— Rents $37 60^2 flats.
!i5250*-Rents $540 per annum; near -Park.
'.•¦< ;t;000— Two • fine flats: rent '$600. ' - :
117500 — 6 and 7 rooms; rents $810.- •
' $14,500—3 new flats of 8 rooms; rent $150 per
month; key lot . ' ; - ...'¦- .-
'. $23 .000— Beautiful home of 11 rooms; Inside
of Hyde st; lot 30x137:6. : ; : . .
. $1600— Lot 30x85; flne; view; near Park. ;
$2250— Belvedere, near Waller; 25x121:10%. .
$2100 each— 2. lots, 27:6x100; north aide; ma-
rine view; near Fillmore st.' .
$2250— North Hide Fulton st: 25x137:6. . '
$0000 — 30x112 :«:• northeast corner on Haight
st: bituminized streets;- cement sidewalks.- ..
$7500 — 80x100; corner in Panhandle. , . .'
':¦ $30.000— Corner Post and Fillmore; '4' lots.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO., ¦ ' 0
-Room -2, 7th Floor. Mills Bulldlmr,
$15,000— Northwest corner. Pine, st. ; 2-story and
. ¦ -' ' basement residence of 10 rooms; every
• - room sunny and light .¦••':/•
$11,000— O'Farrell-st. corner; stores and flats;
.-: annual • rents . $1032; a flne .property. •
$10,000 — Folsom, :- near 1 6th; . stores and rooms;
• ¦'•' - : annual rents $960. . • -¦ . - . .--
$7,750— Broderick, 'near - McAllister; i modern
•; residence of " 12 rooms, furnace; very
¦¦¦ ; ; ; "''•'¦'' desirable,. ' ¦.', .,'• ¦¦¦ .- -;:¦.-. •
$7,600— Washington st., -near Soott: 27:6x
, 127 :8V4 : residence.' 8 ¦ rooms, . billiard-
:, ' - - ,'. room; plate srlass front '¦
$ 6, 830— Soutlieas 1 1 corner Green • and Fillmore
¦*¦¦¦- . -... sts.j «8:9x87:6.' -v :¦....;:. , ,.-.., -•
- $5,000 — 21 st, near Noe; 7 rooms and attlo
$4.600— 21st near - Noe: 2-story i dwelling of
• ¦¦< .-¦'¦•¦ ¦¦-" 7 rooms-and attlo. ¦ ¦
$3,100— Welsh st, near 4th: 5 flats. 1 - '
' $i,750— Corner Turk and ; Central ave.. 27'Bx
-. - 110, -.¦"'• v •¦'•¦¦ " ¦-¦¦',.¦¦ -.',. .
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & i, CO
:':':>:¦ •¦.¦-..-...¦ :..- . — . •;-;.-.". Mills Building. '. .
$7000— 30x12246 : -- E - line Mission. N .* of 18th •
¦ double two-story, 8 rooms and bath each. ¦•
. $2250 — 25x75 ; . two houses : 17 . Harrison ¦¦ ave. •'
rents $25.' :••.*.¦-'. ¦ -¦¦¦¦_¦. ¦¦...-,. :i -... ... .
$1200^-61x114; N • line ' EHxabeth.*- 178 ' ft, ' E
of Noe; 'cement sidewalk; a snap, • . • .
.--, $160 each; Park lots. 22d ave., near M; easy
; terms '¦¦'•'.¦¦ ',¦,"¦' ¦,¦.;¦¦:'.'.', .-.;---. :'..'¦¦¦.
, $500—25x87:6; N line 17th, near Clara ave.
; : '-;-" ' .NICOU 410 Kearny st. ¦; ,
REAL ESTATE—- CITY— FOR BALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, • ,. '
„ 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
$..Cno— Hayes st. nr. Webster (north nlde); I
. eplendid building of 3 separate flats;
,._, ' rents $68 per month; lot 27x137:6.
si— o^u — Haight-st business corner : .store and 2
flats in splendid condition; ,lot 25x100;
,,,„„. rents $1080 per year. . , .} ¦
5J1.000— Hayes st. (north line) not far from
van Ness ave.: lot 40x120- to . rear
street: Improvements consist of stores
S' vv» V nats: rents $142 P er month. '..:
Farren ave.. nr. Ellis and Pierce sts.;
new modern building of two separate
S5 •>rm_2.M t . 8: rents * 52 SO P« r month.
$2.500-Eiliott Park. nr. OTarrell and Stelner
V 2 .£T parate flats ot 4 rooms each;
*sq <w> £?} s * 23 S 0 Per* month.
$.58,000— Eddy st.. nr. Larkin: lot 62:6x120 to
rwir streeet; residence and flats; 9 and
iz rooms and bath each ; rents $130 per
". month.- ...
$9.000— Carl st.. nr. Stanyan; new modern
building of .1 flats of 6 rooms and bath
*ii /w>_J!? Ch: lot 23*137 :6;>,rents $00 per mo. I
511,000— Hayes • sc. nr. Buchanan; lot- Z7:«x
120 to rear street; Improvements con-
sist of 4 Feparate flats; rents $900 per
• annum. .
$5,250— Carl st. near the Park; 2 flats of 6
rooms and bath each; rents '$42 50 per '
month: lot 25x137:6; terms can be ar-
ranged. ¦ • ¦ '
$8,000 — Montgomery court, nr. Broadway and
Montgomery st.: frame building of 25
*i «w»' 5; om8: rents S 90 D « r month. . i>
51.200— Florence ft. nr. Broadway and Jones;
*< /vu» h ° U! e °t 5 rooms: rent $10 per month.
»*,uuo — Fiancisco st. nr. Dupont: store below
and 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
„ _.„ 3ot 3°*™: rents $36 per month.
52, .50— Dupont-st. corner, nr. Greenwich;
aouse of 5 rooms and bath; cottage of
•« cm i rooms in rear; rents $25 50 per mo. '
$5.S50— Rents- $46 per month; Clay st. nr.
Taylor; 3 separate flats of 4 and 5
„„ .- rooms and bath each.. ...
$22,500— Rents $186 per month; vicinity of Sut-
ter and Taylor sts. ; new modern build-
11 _^ »ne of 22 rooms and 3 baths. :
$3,300 — Devisadero st, nr. McAllister; lot 25x
: .'= _ 100; splendid location for flats. .
$4.800— Corner on Gough st: sire 30x110; ex-
cellent site for residence or flats.
$25,000 — Washington st.. northwest corner of
Baker: lot 56x102; modern residence
containing 5 bedrooms. 2 baths, rnuslc-
rcom, conservatory, etc
$20,000 — Golden Gate ave., nr. Van Ness; lot
42x120 to rear street ; splendid improve-
ments, consisting of separate flats;
rents $144 per month.
$12,500 — Golden Gate ave.. nr. Van Ness; must
be sold to close an estate: lot 25x120
tq rear street; 2 separate flats of 7
rooms and bath each: cottage on Elm
', ¦ ave.. In rear: rents $£7 60 per month.
\ BALDWIN ft HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
SUNSET LOTS— ~l
Belling fast; only 36 lots left out of 164;
easy terms; Seventeenth. Eighteenth. Nine-
teenth aves. (boulevard) and Twentieth av»». ;
also a few lots left facing the Park. 'near
a!l Park attractions; lots level (and remem-
ber, on official grades) ; gas and -water connec-
tions: on car line. Go out to-day (Sunday)
to our branch efflce. corner H st. and Ninth
ave.; wo have horses and buggies to show
you the property. . - •
Installment homes, cottages and flats at rea-
sonable prices on ea3y terms. ' '.. •
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$15,750. Reduced from $18,500.
Eplendid business corner on Devisadero St.,
rented under lease at $136 per month, $1620
per annum: pays 11 per cent net; large lot
22:Cxl00; splendid new three-story ' bay- win-
- dow building, store and 5 rooms and bath be-'
low; 2 upper flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath
- each; Investigate this at once.
TWO FLATS CHEAP.
$1000 Cash. Rents $52 60 per Month.
Two new modern flats. Juat completed, con-
taining 6 and 6 rooms and bath each; elegant,
ly finished and decorated throughout! splen-
did marine view; Hydc-st. cars pass tne door;
rents $52 60 per month; price $6000: your
monthly Installments are paid by the rents;
full particulars at the office, j . '-
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
$4000— Two flats on Church st. near Twen-
ty-sixth- newly renovated and good as new;
rents $32; lot 28xS0: open Sunday for Inspec-
tion. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
. 10 Montgomery st
EXECUTOR'S BALE ¦ .
EXECUTOR'S SALE /
EXECUTOR'S SALE ... . .
EXECUTOR'S SALE ,. ,¦ . . . - , \-\
'¦ EXECUTOR'S SALE" v ¦- ¦ . ,
EXECUTOR'S SALE - , - .. ...
EXECUTOR'S SALE -- , . .
EXECUTOR'S SALE AT AUC TION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION,
' : . AT AUCTION.
- -- : — -¦'--. AT- AUCTION.'
BY ORDER OF THE ~ - : -
EXECUTORS OF THE
T*^TA.TE OF*
ADOLPH 6UTRO.' DECEASED.
THURSDAY. JUNE 6th. 1902,
AT 12 a CLOCK NOON,
AT SALESROOM, 10 MONTGOMERY 8T.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS. !
ASHBURY HEIGHTS/ i
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
197 MARINE VIEW LOTS
FOR HOME SEEKERS, -
BARGAIN HUNTERS
INVESTORS.
MUST BE SOLD
TO PAY DEBTS.
SUBJECT ONLY TO
APPROVAL OF
PROBATE ' ¦ • .
COURT. - . * ' n * ¦ \ • .
• ™™^_™^ - - \
THESE BEAUTIFUL
LOTS FRONT ON
ASHBURY. CLAYTON.
SIXTEENTH STS. AND
TREMONT AVE.
LOOK OUT FOR
BARGAINS.
SAN MATEO ELECTRIC CARS ALONG
ASHBURY ST. PASS THE PROPERTY.
MASONIC AVE. AND HAIGHT ST. ,
LINES ONLY A FEW BLOCKS DISTANT.
UNSURPASSED VIEW OF OCEAN.
PARK, GOLDEN GATE AND CITY.
TERMS CASH.
HIBERNIA BANK * '
WILL LEND
ONE-HALF OF SELLING PRICE
TO BUYERS.
DON'T FORGET THE DATE. •
THURSDAY.
JUNE Sth. AT 12 O'CLOCK. -\
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
• 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOST up-to-date houses In the city; If you are
looking for a swell residence or flats for In-
come, eee the beautiful buildings I am just
completing on Union and Stelner sts.; 13
foM, only 3 left; large' reception halls and
living rooms; brick mantels, hardwood floors,
j marble stairs, flne plumbing; the finest colon-
ial houses In the city; -also- a residence of 6
rooms; N.W. corner Twenty-fifth and Dia-
mond sts.; lot 35x80; price only $3700; also
good income property. No: 4079 24th st; great
snap; price $7000. For terms apply on prem-
ises or 26 Montgomery st, room 8. S. A.
BORN, builder and dealer in real estate.
F. R. GRANNIS.
/teal Estate, 322 Montgomery st
$7,250 — Reduced for immediate sale;. Clay nr.
.Broderick; 57:6x127:6 and two cot-
tages; $5000 can remain on mortgage
$5,000— Modern cottage 7 rooms; lot 25x112:6'
Walnut, nr. Clay; marine view.
$11,000— Elegant flats; Presidio Heights; rents
$75; beautiful marine view. '
$6,750 — Richmond Investment; 3 good cottages
and lot 60x120; rents $52; never va-
cant; Third ave., -nr. Clement
F. R. GRANNIS, -
" ' '. . Real Estate, 322 Montgomery st.
PAGE st, near Octavia— & flats, 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; lot 25x120 to rear .street.
Elegant residence on Howard st; 7 rooms
and bath; lot 34:10x110 to rear street
$1100 — Cottage 4 rooms, bath; lot 25x70 *
$2750—1613 Dolores; 7 rooms, bath; 25x100
$2600 — Two flats, 5 rooms and bath each'*
let 25x75. ¦ . ¦ - ¦ , . , '
Several flne business corners, cheap.
$2250—926 Park et., Alameda; cottage 6
rooms, bath:' lot 60x148:6. ' w " a « e °
40 acres choice orange land near Riversidf
snap. '
Pine st. between Taylor and'Jones; lot 37-ij
x75; improved.
PATTERSON A CO.. 11 City Hall square.
$600 — EASY terms; flne level lots on Clement
. st: cars pass. the property; ready for build-
ing. - (
$10,000 — A very desirable purchase in the
northern' part of the city; near Powell and
Broadway; pays over 1 per cent per month;
always well rented. . .-.-•-
$4>5O— Western Addition lot; on Greenwich
st, near Scott: can be bought at a bargain.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st •
$3250 — TWO -flats,' Hyde St.. near Union; good
condition; rents $80. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st; - "¦.•--:-¦¦¦ ¦-• .,'.-¦.,
SACRIFICE— House of -8 rooms. $1400; terms'
- same as 'paying rent Apply BE. corner
Alabama and Montclam.THE SAN FB ANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MAY 25; iyOz.
38
.¦;V;-^- -¦-¦¦.' , ; r " GLOVES. -_ __-.-'- ' '¦' ;/__'-
TRY Danicheff One " Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others : .warranted. 121 Grant ave.
-~i~~^2^ SES AND "WAGOVS^J^r^
THREE well^rnltched"stylish carriage' teams,
average weight 2500 pounds: perfectly traln-
l ed: two coal black teams, stand 16:3 hands,
average weight 2450; six work horses, average
weight 1400, and six fine large driving horses
Just , from the country: these are all t well
broken: trials given Call at OCCIDENTAL
' HORSE EXCHANGE. WM.-G. LAYNG .• Pro-
prietor, 243 THIRD ST.. formerly 721 How-
ard st. • -¦ .• ¦¦ . . ' ' - - -'-'-.¦ ¦¦'-•'.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-'
H ket, 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHNJ. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
YOU can find what you want In the horse line
r at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
¦¦' st.. near Third; phone^Main U50. '¦; ¦-..-
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
a> several fine road and business horses, new
¦x buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9 Catalogues by applying to
-"M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale^-2 well broken saddle horses; quiet
and safe.- See Mr. CLEMENTS, at Riding
Club, corner Pacific and Polk sts.. city.
Largest etock 2d-hand wagons bu'ekboard, sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th&Valencla.
BIG ranch. horse $30, double harness $15, har-
ness $6, buggy $40, pole $6. 79 City Hall ave.
LARGE, handsome bay horso for business or
; surrey; safe for lady. 507 Jessie st, nr. 6th.
ALL kinds ¦, of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc;, , cheap.' - EG AN & SON. 2117. Mission st
ANA1 express, wagon, single; also light camp-
, ing w-agop-Tor sale cheap. 632 Mission st •
2 LIGHT - business buggies; also 1 light top
buggy. 1370 Turk st. ¦¦.. /
CHEAP f must be sold; roadhouse in good run-
ning order; parties going away. Inquire at
¦ Call office. ¦«
HOUSES TO LET, .
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
- cular.- G.~ H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six rooms: 9 ¦ Ewer place, off
¦ Mason, between Clay and Sacramento.. Ap-
ply 10 Ewer- place.
FILBERT," 1221— Rent $18; 7 rooms and bath;
'-large sunny yard; water free.
4-ROOM house; chicken-houses; $6 per month.
Apply 418 Larkin st -
-HOPSESTO LET— FURNISHED. _
TO let — Completely and 'well furnished home, 6
' • rooms and basement, for 6 weeks from June
6; terms very reasonable; piano; references.
430 Fair Oaks st, near Twenty-fifth.
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms and bath. Park
Panhandle. Apply MADISON & BURKE,' 30
Montgomery st.
WANTED— Suitable tenant for a nicely fur-
nished-house of eight rooms for six months.
Inquire 2824 Pine st. at premises. ' >
FURNISHED house to rent for months June
and July; piano and telephone; rent reason-
able to responsible parties. 2526 Washington.
PAGE, "443 — Sunny furnished house, 9 rooms;
piano, large- yard, excellent neighborhood.
HOUSES TO LET — COUNTRY.
AT Startford University, for 'June. July/ Au-
' gust, house of 10 rooms, furnished; cool and
pleasant; wide vine-covered porch and shady
garden ; $30 per month. Address box A,
Stanford -University. ¦ "
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms,
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
SHBURBAK RESIDEyCES.
TO rent for three months, from June 1st, two
new, modern residences, 15 rooms each; newly
furnished; at Stanford University, on campus.
'Inquire of CHAS. C. BEMIS, 824 Montgom-
ery st. real estate broker. \ .-
; '_ -;__.' /INVESTMENTS. .__
RICH mining . claim at Nome; too good to
miss; 'terms very reasonable. The Investors'
Agency, 137 Montgomery St., S. F.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — May 4, 2 butcher account books. Re-
turn A,. B. Treadwell, 633 Kearny;. reward.
LOST — 2 English setter puppies, white and
lemon; reward. 1519 Masonlo ave. 7
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
¦ : Watch Case Co.." 220 Sutter at,. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases. , , -
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS."
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
, stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 410 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421. »
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter.721 Mlsslon-.tel.Maln 730.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult ¦ the . specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken ; the most difficult cases treated ;
have - relieved . thousands of - most obstinate
. cases;, free, confidential advice on all subects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence, 1013 Mkt, op. 5th.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known, reliable' ladies'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. ¦
1008% Market st, ipp. 5th and nr. PowelL
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known ladles' special-
ist; 30 years' experience; private home in
' confinement. Moved to 728 Post st. nr. Jones.
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th et, a
graduate, of Royal University, 'Berlin, has 25
I years' experience In midwifery cases; all who
are sick or In trouble consult me beforo going
elsewhere: takes ladles before and during con-
finement; best motherly care; Infants adopted;
.confinements, $15; room & board- $5. week;
2 to help for room and board. Tel.' Blue 411.
MRS. ; DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market st, opp. Emporium.
MRS. D, ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
-confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & eure;\never falls;
- price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Kearny.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market st. near Sixth.
' treats ladles only; relief In all cases taken.
LADIES — "Neverfale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator, $2. Pasteur Med. Co., 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
¦ original method of - treatment - 1126 Market.
DR. NG ¦ TOY KEE, 210 Stockton 'St., opposite
Union Square ; all diseases cured 1 by herbs. ¦ -
•_ MINES AMD MININQ. *
SHASTA County gold and copper mine— I have
500 shares of stock for sale in a very promis-
ing property; will take $100 for them; will
be worth twenty times the amount - in less
'.". than a year hence. Address box 591, Call.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enKines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
¦ TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st ..•
COLLEGE kennels has 8 head of dogs, which
must be sqjd for board; also a fine stock of
dogs and pups of all descriptions; can | bo
: bought on your own terms. - 115 Hatght St.,
-'¦-¦phone -Fell. 6811.' . . '. .
A— BUYS,' sells or. rents gear, machinery/ en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock: installments; billiard
and pool tables: - easy terms or rented. • The
, Brunswick- Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
NEW. and 2d-hand boilers." engines, dynamos,
: motors, pumps, - wood and iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st. .-¦¦)-'
FOR sale— A . 50 horse power j traction engine
and two narrow-gauge locomotives. Apply to
F. H. LANG. Salinas City. Cal.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$250, will sell If taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 38. Box 1728, Call office. -."/ ;.• v -¦ >¦..--
FOR sale — 6 mantels, 1 . 300- weight of : tiles, 700
- feet of molding. Call from 5 to 7 p. m., 1214
*l Steiner. st ~' : .-•:'.'¦'. "V •/-• .'¦: ",:¦ ,,. • "...
LOTS of : hard "old ' bricks on hill ; • Waller .' and
Buchanan; $5 CO per M. : • • ? >"'.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters ; (all
¦ makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110-Montg'y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
:. machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. ¦
TWO 'dental', chairs 'and I complete? outfit at a
: great bargain. Address box 452. Call office.
"•FOR sale — Diamond ring lnV pawn for $73 ;
¦ .ticket $15.' 723 Market st. room 11.
'5 DOLLARS — Singer sewing machine; good or-
¦ der. : 15711 Market st; near . Twelfth. - . ¦ ¦ • :
1 1
BARGAIN— 2 , good "• bicycles, . high -gear; also
: rooming-house,- 6 rms., Tall rented. 874 Howard.
BOATS, launches/ rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER ¦&; HAMILTON. :; v :.
Edison - phonographs.' records, . supplies, f moving
¦ picture machines, films. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt'
GASOLINE enelnes, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. -.- J. B. DOAK, ; 46 Fremont st
SAFES— New and i second hand. > THB HSB- •
. MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento at. ~: ¦
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D. J.McMasters, SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -FEMALE.
LADY would like- plain washing and barbers'
washing to do at home. Address MRS. MAK-
•TIN. 304 Third st. ¦• / -
AN elderly lady. American, would like a place
in the country to help in aJ family; $li) a
month; good .home. Address . E. C, lUi-i
Howard st. '>¦ ¦ ' - ¦ I
GERMAN girl, | Just over, desires position as
cook or general housework: no washing. Call
228 Linden ave.. between the hours of 9 and 5.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; tree
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. <x)9 McAllister st ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.,
EMPLOYMENT -WANTED— -MALE, r
A — $50 I WILL give any one who will secure
me a permanent position of not less than
$40 a month as clerk, packer or any position,
wholesale house preferred; am good penman,
quick and accurate at figures; first-class ref-
erences. Box 477, Call office. ¦ ¦
RELIABLE young man wishes position as trayl
eling salesman or anything; is familiar with
all large Eastern cities. Box 422, Call office.
! RELIABLE young man wishes position as por-
1 ter or anything; Is handy with tools and can
drive horses. Bex 421, Call office. • '
SITUATION wanted: young man;'flrst-class on
horses or other kind of work; can milk; city,
or country. Box 417, Call office. ' .
AN honest reliable man desires work in private
family: can milk, take care or drive horses,
do garden work or lawn mowing. Address
470% Seventh 6t. room 20, Oakland. ¦• ;
MAN 46 as a Janitor, watchman, porter; used
to nearly all kind saws, hand and press drill;
security to prove faithfulness; you will -get
a good one: try me. Box 4292. Call office.-'
YOUNG man with two years' experience as
painter. Address J. W.. 522 Larkln st. ;
YOUNG married couple want Job taking care
of 5 or 10 acre fruit ranch; best city and
country references. Box 413. Call.' -I
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position as
bartender; city or country; Al references.
Box 454. Call. . . - -
AN experienced custom shirt cutter desires en-
gagement; Is ' a good man on ladles shirt
waists. Box 590. Call office.
FARMER and wife want positions of trust oh
ranch; thorough fruit man; good references.
Box 407. Call office. ,, ¦.'.¦¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ .
PRACTICAL electrician. - thoroughly up to
date in all methods of wiring and operating
alternating and direct current mining and
transmission plants; Eastern and Western
experience; best of references furnished; will
go anywhere. Box 451. Call. . '
SITUATION wanted by expert mechanical
draughtsman; 20 yrs.' experience in the East;
designing, building & perfecting machinery;
in or out of city. R. M., box 828, Call office.
WANTED— Position in office by trustworthy
. man of good education; can work typewriter;
understands bookkeeping; good atvflgurea;
moderate wages. Box 458, Call .'office.
CHINESE, experienced first-class cook, wishes
position; hotel, boarding or private family;
I good references: satisfaction. Address C. F.,
639 California at ' ' '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦¦'¦'.
EXCHAltGE. ,.^.
HOUSE and lot or vacant . lot, ' valued from
$1000 to $2500; will exchange copper mining
stock for a desirable home; no objections to
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley. Address box
491, Call office. ¦ v -
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold: stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
$35. $37 50. $40— EAST ' side of Bartlett st.
near 22d; handsomest flats in the Mission;
T." 8 and 9 .rooms and bath each ; Just com-
pleted: Janitor service. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st.
$20 — FIVE unfurnished sunny rooms, bath and
laundry; modern Improvements; 221 Bartlett
Bt., bet. 23d and 24th. MRS. GREEN, before
8 a. m. or after 4 p. m, .;
$15 — 423 HARRISON st., 7 nice clean rooms;
separate yard: tank closet. -....-
$8 50 — 18 West Mission st, 4 rooms; new-
• ly papered and painted. NICOL, 410 Kearny.
$25 — NEW modern flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; west side of Capp st., near Eighteenth;
electric lights, etc SHAINWALD, BUCK-
BEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st ,- m
BEAUTIFUL new flat 6 rooms; gas & electric
lighted; modern; Mission- warm belt Noe Sc
Elizabeth Bts. Mission aud^24th-st. cars pass.
NEW flat: $22 50; nicest fiat In Mission; 6
rooms, bath; -modern. 1330 Alabama st,
between Twenty-fifth and \Twenty-slxth.
GOLDEN Gate ave., 975, opp. Jefferson Sq. —
Upper sunny modern fiat of 5 rooms and bath.
HAYES ,1 73 \ near Part — Sunny lower flat, S
- rooms; large high basement; rent $11. .
NEW sunny flat of 6 rooms, ' large yard and
basement 2323 Bush st .
NEW sunny furnished flat, 6 rooms and bath,
$35; 5 rooms, $30. 526 Hayes st.
O'FARRELL. 1933— Modern flat, 6 sunny
rooms, bath, yard, basement; reasonable.
THREE sunny flats. 4 • rooms ; recently reno- '
vated; $14. 714 Natoma st, near. Ninth.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2829 Washington st. '
TO let — Lower flat of 4 rooms; nice large yard.
Inquire 43 Fulton at. near Polk.
TWO nice new sunny flats. 1112-1114 Fell st,
• near Scott; north side street.
UNION, 1350 — Upper sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath; beautiful view ; rent reasonable. - . -
UP to date brand new 6-room flats; fine marine
view; yard; basement. 2935-2937 Pierce st.
UPPER 4-room flat and bath; no children; rent
$15. 336 Tehama et. .
UPPER sunny modern flat 6 rooms and bath,
$25. 4169 Twentieth st..near Castro. -
UPPER flat of three sunny rooms I rent $11.
1331 A Stevenson st. .¦••-'. '....•-;¦•-
WALLER, 220— Sunny fiat, ,6 '. rooms, bath;
pleasant location; rent reduced.
2 FLATS of 4 large rooms, bath and laundry-
349 Liberty et ¦ ' ¦'-
$18 — NEARLY new lower flat., 5 rooms, bath,
yard. - 230 Chattanooga st. near 23d.
*oq 50 NICE flat: 6 rooms and bath; choice
location.- Ill Liberty Bt. nr. Guerrero.
$35— UPPER sunny corner flat 0 rooms and
bath. 218 Van Ness ave. .
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
FLAT 1104 Eddy st. — Furniture, carpets, etc.,
for sale at a sacrifice on account of depart-
ure; call 9 to 11:30 a. m. ~ y
BEAUTIFULLY furnished ; modern ¦ flat 5
rooms. . bath; newly renovated. 1228; Treat
avenue. ¦ >': ' f '
BEAUTDTULLY furnished sunny 7-room flat;
piano; garden. . 2833 Washington st.
GOLDEN GATE 1517 — 4 rms. ; bath ; gas range;
garden: $25; lower flat, 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
VALENCIA, 715, between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth — Sunny 6-room flat, comfortably fur*'
/nlshed fpr Bmall family. : •
NICELY furnished, flat or five rooms, and bath,
with every convenience, -from .June 1. •• 204^ .
Ninth st. ;¦¦.' ¦ :. ¦".:'- r
FURNISHED flat of 6 sunny rooms and bath;
rent low; north Market . Box 442, Call office.
FOR sale — Fine sunny furnished 7-room flat; no
agents. 355 Polk st. . ' -
"- FLATS t WANTED! ; .;_.: ) .'
WANTED-^-To rqnt good modern flat of 6 to 8
rooms; rent-must be reasonable; no agent.
.' Address box 492. Call -office. , . ..¦'..
, FURJSITURE^FOR SALE. , *~
S J3UNMY rooms and bath;' hot and cold water
/and gas (furnished) and occupied ; ¦ wishes : to
Bell immediately; a good chance to ' whoever
' it will suit; will be sold cheap. 174 Perry st.
ELEGANT furniture, 8-room . modern flat,.
Ellisi st, bet Franklin and- Gough; 'cost
$1400; must be sold Tuesday; one making
highest offer.wlll get it. Box 408, Call. .-; .;-.¦-,
NEW & ' up-to-date ' furniture & carpets of ¦ an
8-room modern sunay - flat £ near Van : Ness
ave., on Eddy st; rare chance. Box 403, CalL
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms in 7-room flat; cheap;
::no dealers. Box 412,. Call.".-".;- I
FURNITPRE^ WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons.: S.- J. WAUGH. 1 r.' 418.' Examiner, big. ,
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. : pays : highest
."..- price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
_9 AKLAX D_ REAL ESTATE.^
$10,000— FLATS, 3 blocks, from 14th and
Broadway (business center). A guaranteed
income for 3 years, under lease at 9 per
cent net on the Investment; property has a
- business prospect and should be worth $20,-
000 in one year; stores now under construc-
tion adjoining this property. J. S. MYERS,
.1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$1800— NEW DUTCx. COLONIAL.
£) rooms and bath, double parlors, a perfect
' house; lot 02x140 (note size of lot); all full
shrubbery, flowers, etc., outhouses; an
ideal home and an ideal spot; near- Tele-
graph cars; house cost to build $1600. and
the lot is reasonably worth $1500. but it
must be sold this week; terms only $400
cash, balance mortgage; best bargain ever
offered in Oakland ; seeing is believing. J.
S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$2300 — ORIGINALLY SOLD FOR $4000.
Large cottage of 5 rooms, summer dining-
room and kitchen finished in basement; large
barn; tirst-class neighborhood; convenient to
the business center; not far from the local
trains; terms §500 cash, balance on mort-
gage; this property has merit and should be
• 6een\ in order, to be appreciated. J. S.
MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2250— SWISS COLONIAL.
New; the very latest in architectural design
'and finish: open and nickel plumbing; 6 j
rooms and bath; an ideal beauty in e\ery
way; only $400 cash; this property should
sell for $3000, but my instructions are to sell
at once, hence the reduction in price; first
come first served; positively no reserve. J.
S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
WEBSTER STREET. NEAR 20TH ST.
2 new bouses of 7 and 8 rooms, - Colonial
style, plate glass windows, finished in curly
redwood; the most handsome and best con-
structed houses evr offered for sale; 6 sold,
only 2 left: terms easy and the price is low;
seeing is believing: call and be shown this
property; only 3 blocks from the business
center and narrow gauge train. J. S. MY-
ERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$2500 — MODERN cottage of Z rooms and 3 fln-
; ished rooms in basement; lot 50x125 feet;
! east front; lawn, flowers and shrubs; in Ther-
mal Hill; close to good school and car line.
$1400 — New modern house of 6 rooms; lot
50x100 feet; house cost $1800; right In line of
improvements and growth of city; must be eold;
easy terms.
! $1100 — New cottage of 5 rooms; tank house;
[ east front; one block to Telegraph-ave. car line;
I lot 50x100 feet; the Improvements are worth
i the money.
i $2250 — A northwest corner on Claremont ave. ;
I modern cottage of 5 rooms; large basement,
I barn; plenty of fruit for family use; lot 60x150
feet; cheap.
$2500 — New modern house of 7 rooms; ' good
location; lot 40x150 feet; easy terms.
Bargain — Corner on 14th st., between Broad-
! way and Market, at $S0 per^oot; worth $100.
$3000 — New modern 6-room house on 8th et, •
near iladison; a -neat home; property will rent
for 10 per cent on $3000; close to local; flue
neighborhood; cheap; easy terms.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO., 1016 Broad-
way, Oakland, and room 32, second floor. Mills.
building. San Francisco. ' _^^
$300 CASH, $6 monthly; cottage of three rooms;
good barn, chicken-houses, fine well of water,
assorted orchard; three fine lots, 75x100;
street macadamized: school, church, townhall
and observatory and two grocery stores; over
100 families now located; sandy loam soil; no
fogs nor raw winds here: two blocks from
boulevard -and electric car line; adjoining
East Oakland; has a fine grand view; price
in all, $800; a fine bargain. Call or send for
circular, 455 7th st. opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free.
\ H. Z. JONES, Owner.
$1250 — MONTHLY payments: cottage, 5 rooms;
700 Sycamore fit, near San Pablo ave.
$2750 — New "Bungalow" Just completed; 5
rooms; 40-foot lot: complete in every detail;
557 Merrimac or 28th Et, between Telegraph
ave. and Grove st.
$2000 — Modern Eastlake cottage, of 6 rooms
and bath, high basement; &unx>y side. 1180
ISth st, near Adeline. • ¦ . -
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. -
v 460 Tenth street. Oakland.
FOR rent — Unfurnished large 8-room residence,
in East Oakland; situated on the lake shore;
beautiful garden, 80x150; rent reasonable to
right party. ' Inquire of B. . H. WELCH &
CO.. Fifth ave. and East Eighteenth st.
$2500 — IN West Oakland: good business cor-
ner: store; six rooms; easy terms;' or would
exchange for residence property. 2114 Clin-
ton ave., Alameda.
LIVERY stable, doing good business. Apply
P. W. ANDERSON, 28 San Pablo, ave., Oak-
land^ | ¦
OAKLAND FURNITURB FOR SALE.
FURNITTJP.E good and cheap this month. * H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 -Eleventh Et. Oakland.
l^~~J.~ ____JOE!lfTISTaL_ ___^_
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crown? $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;,
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. : crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns; $3; fillings, 60c.
SET of teeth without plate. DJL H. O.
YOUNG. 1811 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AKD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
fits pupils for business; we teach everything
from basting to finishing and present pupils
with our famous drafting machine; 2 weeks
in sewing dept. free to those entering . first
week -May; latest patterns cut. 1019 Market
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corsct-maldng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch st. .nr. 7th & Howard.
EMPLOYMENT. OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell, nr. Sutter. ;tel.BlacM6072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'FarreU st; teL East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 616.
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
TeL Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 8188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day for
¦washing, ironing and housecleaning. Call at
150A Tehama st.. near Third. •
YOUNG Swedish girl, wishes situation general
housework; cannot speak English. 1029 De
Haro st, bet. 22d and 23d; no postals.
THOROUGHLY competent lady with grown
daughter would like charge of a home for
parties away for the season ; terms reason-
able; references exchanged. Box 507, Call.
ENGLISH governess wishes situation; has
teacher's, diploma. Box 402, Call office,
DRESSMAKER, late of Fletcher's. Fifth ave..
New York, will sew in families; $3 per day;
perfect fitter; quick worker; ladles' tailor.
Box 419. Call office.
COMPETENT Englishwoman desires situation
an nursery governess; -highest, references;
take entire charge; town, - country or travel-
lng. F. E.. 1259 O'Farrell irt.
EXPERIENCED woman desires work by the
day; thoroughly competent; will - do most
anything; strong and willing; good worker.-
106% Third St., -up 1 flight of stairs, room 14.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation to do
housework; city or country; can give good
references; no postals answered.' 319 Minna.
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires work in convent,
hospital or institution or car4 of invalid lady
M. MEYER, 1434 Broadway. ;~
A COMPETENT Swedish girl desires a posi-
tion as a first-class cook, with first-class ref-
erences; city or country. Box 582 Call office.
STRONG American woman wants work .by the
day washing, ironing- or housecleaning;
$1 2S. Apply box 508. Call office. . - . ¦ :
YOUNG -woman goes out by the bay, washing,
lronins and housecleaning; $1 a day. . 1103
Powell st. .
A MIDDLE-AGED lady with a child wishes
; place to ' cook for men; country preferred,
s Box 684/ Call. •;
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position;
salary moderate. C. 8.. 211 Haven st, Oak-
land. ¦'-..; ' ...
YOUNG lady wishes* home' in refined private
family; young couple preferred. Box ." 589,
: Call office. , . ,
' YOUNG lady,' graduate stenographer and typ«-
. writer, would like position. Box 587, Call. '
A SWEDISH lady wishes position as working
• housekeeper; city or country; -best of refer-
} ences.. Box 427. Call office. —..-. v
LAUNDRESS wants to work by day. 743 Fol-
; -som Et,. upstairs; no postals. ' ¦ .
t JAPANESE girl wants situation to do cooking
. : and housework. TAKA, 1724 Fillmore st -
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEHKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A EPECIAL LIST OF HOUSES.
t$1000 — Good 4-room house; paved street
¥1250— Six-room house; 5 blocks of U. C.
$1300 — Lot 90x100; 6 rooms; barn; fruit
trees.
$1000 — Nice 6-room cottage, nearly new.
$2000— Two-story 7-room house; nice place.
$2350 — Five rooms; nice; east of Shattuck;
•well located. .
$2400 — Large lot; 6 rooms; trees , ana
flowers; close In. , , ' •
$2500 — Two-story; 8 rooms; new; good lo-
$2750 — Six rooms; nice location; close In;
cast of Shattuck. ' . ,
$3000— Substantial house, fl rooms; east of j
$3750— Nine rooms; nice location; close In.
$4600— New; 9 rooms; fine location; Jdose
•(4650 Elegant; 9 rooms; handsome
grounds; near U. C. -
$4750 — Nearly new; 14 rooms; nice; close
In; fine for roomers.
$0000 — Very nice; 0-room house; choice lo-
cation.
$11.000— Elegant mansion; large grounds;
choice location.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center st
EPECIAL BALE.
-— °^™-, Xtadctios
SO Choice Residence and - Business Lots
80 Choice Residence and Business Lots
In
HOME PARK TRACT.
WEST BERKELEY.
Opposite
Tie Paclfio Coast Furniture Factory and
Corbln Station.
Saturday. May 81. 1902. on the property.
Lunch at 1 p.m., 6erved free. Auction sale
Terms— One-third cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser. To reach the sale: Leave San Fran-
cisco at Market-Et ferry, broad-gauge, at
10. 10:30 or 11 a. m., 12 m. and 12:30 or 1
p xn.
Buy ticket for West Berkeley, change cars
at Shell Mound. Transit time direct to the j
trs*t Is about 45 minutes. v.-- \
For maps and particulars apply to
D PRATT, manager and general agent
Office. Pacific Coast Hotel, on the tract.
* Or WOODWARD-CUBHMAN CO.. 11 Mont-
gomery et.. San Francisco. CaL .
NEW six-room bay-window cottage; porcelain j
bath; pentry; tiled sink; folding doors; man- |
tel: electric lights; high basement: • brick ;
foundation; wash trays; lot 45x135: price, j
$2200; terms, $150 cash, balance $20 per |
month; this house will rent for enough to
make payments. Open Sundays. O. A. Rli-
POLPH. Lorin. '
FURNISHED house for rent— 9 rooms and
bath; modern in every respect; 1 block to unl- j
versity grounds; will lease to responsible
party for term of years; rent $60. including
water. Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin.
HEW 6-room cottage; modem and complete;
good location; close to station, school, stores,
churches and electric cars; price, $1900:
terms, 5100 cash, balance $20 monthly. I
have also new 7 and 8 rooin houses, which I
can sell on eame terms. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin. Open Sundays., -.
FURNISHED HOrSES FOR RENT.
Two-story house, 0 rooms," completely fur-
nished; very central location; June and July.
Seven-room house, furnished; Channlng,
near Fulton; reasonable to desirable tenant;
for one year from July 1.
Several very desirable furnished houses to
careful tenants for two to three months.
Choice properties for sale.
Apply to FRANCIS FERRIER, Real Estate
Agent. 2121 Stanford place. University sta-
tion. Berkeley, CaL
$500 — $200 CASH, bal. $5 per month; 3 large
rooms; high basement; good well and pump
en back porch; only 3 blocks to cars; patent
closet; all sewered. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1800— $100 cash. bal. $20 per month; 5
large rooms, new, ready to move into; beau-
tiful mantel and sideboard: stationary tubs;
porcelain bath and sink; three blocks to sta-
tion; lot 40x100. W. C. MORAN & CO..
Lorin station, or C. C. Emslie, Aehby station,
Berkeley.
13250— A VERY pretty cottage of 6 rooms and
bath in the Daley Scenic Park; large lot;
fine view; a bargain. JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley Station.
JOSEPH J. MASON, real estate aad insurance
agent; choice property a specialty. Berkeley
Station. "~
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK. B14 Pine.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATK.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
903 Broadway. Oakland.
$50 PER FRONT FOOT.
Four beautiful building lots on east side Fil-
bert et. between 14th and 16th; 34x125 each;
easily worth $C5 per foot.
A neat tiome on north side of 29th st. near
Grove; lot 50rl40; house of 7 rooms and bath;
good buy. v- •
$35 PEE FRONT FOOT.
170 feet on Tvett side Harrison st.. near Du-
rant; 150 feet deep: any size lot desired; noth-
ing else in this location for less than $S0 per
?oot . . ' ?/ r-
$20M.
Cottage. S rooms and bath; lot 25x103; north
Bide 16th st. near Market '
¦!"— " '.''¦¦'' $75 PER FRONT FOOT.
Alioe-Et lots: choicest residence property in
Oakland, between 13th and Durant Ets; any
elze lot desired. .'¦¦*' ¦
$4000.
A bargain on north tide 11th Et., between
Jackson and Alice ets.; lot 50x100; house of 9
rooms and bath; lot alone easily worth the
• money.
$16 TER FRONT FOOT.
A few very choice lots left at this price;
street work all done; on 33d, 34th, 35th and
36th £te., between West and Market sts. ; the
Santa Fe depot will be at 40th and San Pablo,
only B blocks from this property; any size lot
desired; will surely double in value.
$5000.
Home on Myrtle st.. near 10th; house of 9
rooms and bath; lot 50x125; very easy terms If
desired.
$4550.
One of the finest lots In Oakland, on west
Bide of Oak et. between 13th and 14th; lot
70x100; adjoins handsome homes.
MANUFACTURING PROPERTY
FOR SPECULATION.
To close estate — roust be sold.
25 acres frosting the new canal on the Oak-
land side; has over 1000 feet frontage on (he
canal and over 600 feet on main thoroughfare;
full particulars at office.
P WOODWARD, WATSON A CO.
_- 903 Broadway. Oakland.
STEWART & CO.. ~ "
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$950 — Good 5-room cottage with bath, etc
lot 25x140 feet; north clde of street; easy terms-
Hast Oakland.
$1450 — £naj>; 8-room cottage; good condition-
large lot; 1 block from broad gauge local sta-
tion and electric cars; look this up at once.
$1750 — New house; 6 rooms and bath- on
good street, near San Pablo-ave. electric car
line; good elze lot; eaey terms; look this ud
at once. ,
$2600 — New house, 7 rooms and bath- large
lot; nice location; near Telegraph ave.- street
work ail done; very easy terms; investigate
this bargain without delay. esusaie
$3300— Best bargain In Oakland; new mod-
ern house and etore; 5 rooms and bath* large
corner lot; good well water; nice neighborhood-
• near broad gauge local and electric car linest
$12000 mortgage can stand; street work all done-
lnvestigate this Quick. *
E. J. STEWART & CO..
- - : ¦ -». 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
EXCHANGE. ~~
A GOOD 40-acre raisin vineyard in Fresno
County to exchange for Oakland -property.
? flne 0-room modern • house; large lot-
street >'ork all done; fine view; sightly local
tion ia Oakland; trade for small ranch- well
Unproved. What have you?
110-tvcr* ranch in the famous fruit belt
I Santa Clara County; 20 acres in full bearing-
mostly^ prunes; 2 good houses; large barn-
plenty fruit: stream living water through the
ranch; trade for good Oakland or Berkeley
reddened.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
.-' 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
6. M. DODGE- & EON, ~ "
1160 Broadway.
$850 — Modest little home In Frultvale; near
electric cars, church and schools; 4 rooms
baro, chicken-bouse; 50x120; see this.
$3S0 for lot 85x184, In East Oakland, near
23d •*•. station. . - .
$3.6,000 — Elegant home In Alameda; large lot;
everything th« finest; send for sample photo
a M. DODGE & SON. /
1160 Broadway. /
HEW modem 5-room cottage; fine, location;
street work done; lot' to suit; owner next
Coot; make offer. 122S 25th ave., E. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Con '
NINETEENTH, 3824, near" Church st. — Nicely
furnished cottage; 5 rooms; bath; rent, $30.
OCTAVIA, 1259, cor. O'Farrell — Housekeeping
suite; elegantly turn. ; gas and coal range.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Large bay-win-
dow. with gas stove. $10; front room. $7.
POWELL, 722 — 2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; private -family; references ex-
changed. . '
SAN CARLOS ave.. 355. bet. 20th and 21st.— 3
sunny nicely furnished housekeeping rooms,
with large yard; also use of piano; rent rea-
sonable. . __^
STEINER. 1325. corner Elite — Two large sun-
ny corner rooms; modern conveniences; gas
stove, etc.; $18 per month.
STEVENSON. 650, near Seventh— Furnished
rooms, cheap; light housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 1206— Model house, newly fur-
nished; free gas. bath; housekeeping; $1O-$12.
THIRD. 418B — 2 furnished rooms, housekeep-
ing; gas, bath; $11. Call to-day.
TO LET — Twp sunny well furnished rooms in
best part of city. Address box 501. CalL
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•inscriptions has been established at 1034
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Pnfara.
ANGELUS Open June t
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine "view.
530 Stockton St.. bet. Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — Now, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth— Room*. "\
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, aal I
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. I
ARTIST'S studio, furnished. Apply 610 Mont- '
gomery at., room 40.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phon*. 832 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CENTRAL HOUSE. 62 Second— Furnished
rooms, $1 25 to $3 per week.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnlfhed sunny room*: prices reaaonabla.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely fura. rooms. 35o,
$1 B0 night; $1 80. $3 week; open HI night.
ELLIS, 653 — Elegant parlor suitai new mod-
ern house with phone; also housekpg suite.
FIRST, 807 — Flat, 8 sunny rooms, half fur-
nlshed; Rincon Hill; snap; rent $12 month. :
FOLSOM. 2410. near 20ta — Furnished or un-
furnished room, with or without board, ta a
refined private family; ail horn* comforts to
right party; stable for hone; terms. r*aa*M.
FULTON. 1375 — Nicely furnished lunny front
rm.; bath; suitable for gent; rent reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed sultee and single; travelers accommodated.
GBART, 35S— New house; beautifully famished
apartments; slngls or en suit©; strictly first-
class^. .
GEARY, 1377 — Newly furnished rooms in a n«w
fiat; modern conveniences; privaf family.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 989. opposite Jefferson
Square — Party Just furnishing up an elegant
new home would like 1 or 2 gentlemen room-
ers; no signs. ' .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1050— Wen furnished
sunny room; private family; free telephone.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 85o to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HICKORY Ave.. 215— Neatly furnished front
room; suitable for 1 or 2 gents; private.
HOWARD, 923% — Single sunny room for gen-
tleman; gaa; bath; private family.
HYDE, 717 — One sunny furnished, room for 1
or 2 gentlemen; references. .
l JONES, 814— Two neat single rooms; $5 and $3
per month. . •>
I*ARKTN, 804 — Sunny front room nicely fur-
i nished for gent. $7 and $4 50; front house-
keeping suite, $13.
LEAVENWORTH, 1114A— Newly furnished
parlor suites; bath; gas; phone.
i MCALLISTER. 895 — For rent; nice sunny room
in upper corner flat; furnished or unfurnished.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
CFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 805— Comfortable furnished
rooms; gas. .and bath; $5 and $7. :
PAGEl 1324 — Sunny bay-window room on Park
- Panhandle;- furnished- or unfurnished; v>rl-
vate family. _¦_"¦__
POST. 702 — Single room for gentleman; quiet
. location; 702 Post St.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, . smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN CARLOS avev. 264 — Sunny front room,
suitable for lady; phone; bath; prtv. . family.
SEVENTH, 28 — Nice sunny furnished rooms,
by day, week or month.
SHERMAN Apartment Houss, 2S Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SXTNNY bay-window rooms two blocks from
Call office. Address box 409. Call office.
SUTTER. 717 — Nicely furnished sunny room
with bath.
VALENCIA, 1232— A sunny front parlor; nicely
- furnished for 2; near depot. Call to-day.
WEBSTER, 2319 — Large sunny bay-window
room; gas; bath; no other roomers; no sign.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscripOqns has been established at 109*
Valencia st. -
ROOMS A~P BOARD. ' L
THEM'ALLIS'rElCeoa Tvaa New Lw%S Jut
opened; elegantly furnished salt*' or stnxte
rooms, with or without bath; rrownent tablet
references.
CORBIN. The,. 830 Butter st, eorae* lisa* so
worth — Nicely . furnished rooms [ smgle aasl
suits; all sunny; table first elan.
CALIFORNIA. 807 Qtevensoo Mansion) jtisesj
family hotel; exceptional table; popclar ratuL
"HEATH." 812 Eddy st— Select family astaftg
exceptional table; popular prices,
VAN NESS. SIS — Handsome, fmulsbed pc any
suites;, single rooms; first-class tail* board.
IRVINQDALE, 628 Eddy— Bmmj rooma, ta
suite or single; good table; reasonable,
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— Hlgh-oUss kfloavj
furnished suites or singlet steam heat.
ROOMS WANTED.
WASTED — By lady and adalt sotk. 9 wxftns.
nlshed hooaekeeplnff rooms: dasjraW* sod
reasonable. .Address MRS. X JL ft, UU
Hyde rt.
WANTED— By young? oooptei 4 anfurnished
rooms; north Market st. Box 50a, Call offloa,
WANTED— 2 sunny well-fnrnlshBd was ia
best- part of city. Box 801. Can.
1 LARGE or z smaller uafamished room tM
housekeeping; reasonable. Box 428. Call.
SPECIAL yOTICEfl,
BAD tenants elected for Hi eoU J *5 ttw "L »**•>
city or country. PACIFIC CpmcCTIOJl
CO..* 415 Montgomery, rooms t-lOi tet BMP.
SEWING MACHINES A2TD SWPUKS,
ALlr kinds bought soli rented, exchanged; rj-
- pairing; lowest rates. TeL Green 144. 205 4tg.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, jo.'. »J»|rtas;i t
lowest rates; phone Howard 3284. 145 Sixth. 1
THEOSOPHICAIi IJLTERJLTPRBy
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Patft «aoathly>.
The New Century (weekly) jwrite for sampl*
copies and book list to the Theosophlcal Pub-
lishing Co.. Point Loma, Cat., international
headquarters of Universal Brotherhood and
¦Theosophloal Society.
TO LEASE. (
• ¦ r-
FOR rentr-1800 acres ef good farming and
dairy land. 2% miles from creamery: will
rent for a term of years. Apply to 7. H.
LANG.. Salinas City. CaL
TY^PEWRrTERS 8PPPL1BS.
OREA1MBARGAIN3 rN^JITvii WKTTBRa—VrZ
ceU better machines for less money than any
bouse In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 836 California; telephone Main 288.
I 2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITIXG A MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies. 2c; mlm-
'-. ecgraphlng. 927 Matkt. rm. 305; Howard 1539.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAN. FRANCISCO. Cal.. May 21. 1902: Notice
-, — As to-day the pool expires on all promoters"
stock in THE BALSAM MINING £ MILL-
ING CO., the public is hereby warned against
purchasing any stock claimed to be owned
.by. one A. , A. NICKERSON JR. Any one
purchasing such - stock - do so at their own
risk, as said A. A. NICKERSON JR. is not
entitled to any stock In said company. By
'order of the board of directors of the Balsam
.Mining & Milling Co. •"
M. H. RODMAN.* Secretary pro tea.
( PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTETJ — A partner in brandy distillery deal-
Ing. 437% Fifteenth st. nr. San Bruno road.
i PHYSICIANS AND SURGEQXS^
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention frcm business; ail
; private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dra. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073% Market.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLIPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tcL/Prlv. Ex. 671.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. 840
Mission st : tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st;
tel.. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.. ~-
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st : phone Jackson 281.
_::'_ -^PERSONALS.
A RUPTURE truss made of steel or elastic
webbing has failed- to cure 10 per cent, but
has succeeded in torturing 90. Why does suf-
fering humanity continue to buy them?' It
is not from choice for there are no others on
the market HUNTER'S new lever rupture,
holder with flexible pad has made It possible
to cure 75 per cent with our treatment Also
a new- combined rupture . holder and abdom-
inal support for either sex;. for corpulency it
can be used separately; for health and com-
. fort they are a blessing. HUNTER'S Sani-
tarium is provided with first-class medical
and surgical attendance. 1206 Market st.
ABOUT your hair— Torestor« gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
edy Is superjor to all other tonics and restor-
atives. It Is clean and healthful, -is not gum-
¦•¦ my or sticky; no grease, no stain; never fails.
Sold by druggists hairdressers or our office.
3S5 Geary st The Star Remedy Co.
A— MRS. E. R. DUNLAP of 34 Kearny st has
reopened her hair and scalp parlors, and add-
ed a new department for hair dressing, mani-
curing facial massage, chiropody, etc., where
she will be pleased to see those desiring only
skilled work. .'¦-.'- - ¦
VIAVI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years; it cured hundreds of ailing women in
Its first year and has cured thousands of suf-
ferers every year since; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed, free. The Viavl Co..
2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 282. San
Francisco. ¦ ¦'__
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we mak* an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st., between Seventh and Eighth. •
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
, $1 week; ladles' tailor made suits, skirts.
shirtwaists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
• suits, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
our new store. C F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove ruge. silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. .Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
BRING your, goods and we will make and trim
a suit in any style for $12 to advertise
our work. MASTEN. the tailor, 701 Geary
St. corner Leavenworth. . . .
WORKINGMAN. 34. stranger In city, would
like acquaintance of good girl who would
appreciate home; object, matrimony.' Box
476. CalL ,__
A — WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis; makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAlft dressing, any style. 25c; shampooing.
. 50c; manicuring, 25c; switches, wigs and
front pieces. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. . EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying. Instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co., 140 Geary st, S.F.
ENGINEERS ami railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & F.OMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2.
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
pald. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st. S. F.
NOW ready— June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market St. near Sixth.
AT less than cost uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
¦ tailor. 721 Market st .' - ¦.-.¦:. %
MONEY loaned at low interest: gold; sttver.
' diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10. Sixth, st
LIQUOR habit— A new, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of paUent Ad-
drees P. O. box 552, San Jose, CaL
A — $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS.- $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc, permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs. Cook, 426 Sutter.
SPANISH lessons and translations. 513 McAI-
Uster st - - - - .
RUPTURE cured: no operation, pain or lost
xtime. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 28% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
1 and moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair,, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical cob turner. . 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURB
j Instantly: 10c and 28c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mitt
DR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists. -:-.-.
ROOMS F OR^BOVSEK^WPTSQ. _
ARIElTand . ¦oTar'flats. B23-531 Turk— Hot"and
cold water baths, electiio llghta free; fur-
nished or unfur.: tel. East 312. Sutter 41.
BELL (The), 1773 Market— Sunny suites, with,
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20.
BUSH, 727— Sunny furnished room; gas, >>g*>>
BUSH, 2311,' nr. Stelner — Furn. rra. to let: sult-
: able for two; no objections light housekpg.
CLAY. 1446 — Two connecting rooms furniehed
complete - for housekeeping; select locality;
marine view; no bill.
EDDY. 468— Housekeeping rooms; water fre«;
fine accommodations.
ELEVENTH. 120— Large sunny front and back
parlor; unfur.; light housekpg.: no children.
FIFTH. 363 — Furnished housekeeping: 8 «•><>•
2. $15; also single. $4, $6 to $& ' - '
FOLSOM. ; 620— Larje furnished rooms on first
• floor; large grounds for families with children.
FOLSOM. 834— Bay-window and kitchen, bath-
¦. also three furnished; separate* or all together!
FOURTEENTH. 485. nr. GuerrercJ— Newly fur^
nlshed rooms for housekeeping; slngto room.
FULTON, "435, near Octavia— 3 furnished
-.-> housekeeping rooms. .
GEARY, 1012. near Van Ness avt>._ 4 .unny
;- connecting furnished rooms ; telephone. T^
GROVE. .104— Nicely furnished front suite
rooms with gas range. 7~ ¦""*
HAYES. 136. corner Van N«as ave -Larr.
sunny room; rent $9. , *«**
HAT , ES ' B2ft ~? unny parlor floor. 8 to 6 rooms;
bath, gas, phone; rent cheap; dean andnew
f^^^afso-inX^ -»*•¦*»
EI f l * ntl3r ¦' *«mMM« ; ' wnny
reasonable? or en » u "»i rent very
MARTHA place. 4, off Geary, bet Mason and
' Taylor— 2 , sunny furnished rooms.
MASON. . 41B.- The -NavUlus— Three newly fur-
nisned sunny connecting housekeeping rooms;
. other suites. ',*3t%£3MS&aflMfiSsGg9|
MCALLISTER. 636— Sunny front parlor $12,
..suite $<; gag range, laundry, bath, phone.
MINNA. 23— Sunny furnished front' houaekeep-
lng aad single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
M E*£ A t <J25A> n p«rtalrs— Furnished . rooms for
'-..:¦ light housekeeping ; - cheap. 1 ; • i -. y -J
MISSION.-^ 862. near Fifth— Sunny bay-window
. furnished housekeeping suite; gas stove; $18.
NATOMA. ' 217— Neat. ..large sunny • housekeep-
ing room, gaa. closets, baths stove; for two
¦ JH°*-Jf dlea ' or '•spectabU wbrktngman aad
his wlfej/ - J
MISCELLANEOUS FOR /. SALE— -Con.
CIGARS : at less ; than auction '" prices : • reliable
,, goods; •>¦ money back . if not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO., 209 Battery/st. San Francisco.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boiler*
. bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st
MAGIC lanterns. ,new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. B/JLLARD & BRECK. J31 Post st
';_¦•;;•¦ MISCELLANEOUS r-WAJiTS.^^
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
. full dress and Tuxedoi suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st?. phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay gopd cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
HIGHEST : prices paid for diamonds ¦ and seal-
, skins; will call:. confidential. Box 468. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all -sizes, any
, condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWks..418Tnrk.
__^^MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW. SPECIAL PRICES OF 'USED PL1NOS
< • FOR THIS WEEK. .
; ¦ 1 . Symphony square ."......¦..... . . $75
1 Hallett & Davis square.... 100
¦1 Steinway square ...................... 125
- 1 Decker Bros, square........ ...^125
• 1 Weber square ................".. 150 I
1 Chickering square ....150
1 Herz upright 75
1 Biddle upright r... 150
-.1 Fleischer upright 175
1 Draper upright ...........:......:.... 200
1 Lester upright 250
1 "Weber upright ; . . 275
1 Byron Mauzy upright 350
1 Sohmer upright .400
I 1 Steinway grand .... 350
1 Sohmer grand . 600
ORGANS, $25 to $150.
. ¦:¦ The Byron Mauzy Piano Factory has orders
-enough ahead to run all summer.
We are prepared to do all kinds of repair
work in our factory. .Have your piano done
over while you are aw%y. We have a special
room for the storage of pianos, $1 per month,
dusted every day. • .-
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st ,
AS there are many makes of pianos on the
market, you must remember there is but
ONE HEINE, and in order to. make room
1 for the 10 carloads now en route we will
¦ offer the foll6wlng bargains: —
3 Steinway .. .....$95 to $280
2 Knabe .....................$85 to $110
3 Weber $65 to $150
5 Hallet & Davis.. .............. .$80 to $105
2 Fischer ."... ......$75 to $155
1 Bourne «40
3 Haynes .........$235
1 Kittle ......:...$2S5
They all must go; easy payments if desired.
- - HEINE" PIANO CO..
¦¦•¦"*: Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not, only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
arsortment of best 'makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts/, S. F.; Broad*
way and Thirteenth , sts, Oakland. |
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS I
Second-hand upright pianos from $30 m.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up
Second-hand organs from $25 v up; hew up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ CURTAZ
6 SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell st; Chickering
Mason & Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
DURING this week we can supply, while they
last, squares from $25 upward; uprights from
$125 upward. In new instruments we can
. sell you fine Wissners or Baumeisters. Pay-
ments If you desire. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
f MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. ¦"¦"»•" va*»
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
1 lowed on a net/ peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
. O'Farrell st; established 185C.
$150— ELEGANT large size Fischer upright
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
FISCHER piano, good as new, will be sold to
highest bidder this week. SICKELS, 6 Geary.
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post
YOU may want a piano -for rent SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. ffa) Hayes st
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st
¦ Steck, Everett Ludwlg and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must b«
sold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st ¦
A FINE Steinway upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237- Geary .st
SNAP — 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
' dropped from catalogue,$250. Bruenn,20SPost
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st; Sohmer
, and other pianos and pipe organs. * *
SUPERIOR violins, cithers, old and new. H.
' MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bldg.
¦ $4,500,000 at less than bank rates I
LOANS MADS.
...... .On llrst ' and . second mortgages. ......
.....Life -interests in estates...
....... .Property being held In trust
......Undivided interests In real estate......
' Estates in probate — Legacies
'¦ .....Assignment of rents
Life Insurance policies
- ..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
......If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY
- 601-602 Examiner building
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st, room X
Loans any amount at . lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages. ,-'
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate.
On. estates In probate. ' '
On legacies. . .
1 NO DELAY.
Telephone Main ' 651 9.
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st: room S.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6% and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property:
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terest* in real estate and legacies; will pur-
• chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING. -
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
• second and .third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 1«.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN 'AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg., '328 Montgomery st,
Will make loans on real estate.
Low. rate of Interest.
Long -or short term. . -¦;-
MONEY to loan in eums to suit on real estate,
¦ household furniture, ': etc, at lowest rate of
interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 105 Ellis st. room 10 (Glasgow
• block). 1 :..
HIGHLY respectable private place > to obtain
liberal advances . on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest' rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
- • Geary st ; ' phone ¦ Red 1603. ' ¦
ON real estate, 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake.- 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
Jre Montgomery st., room 7, opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE: party loans any amount on furnl-
¦ ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; conflden-
" Ual. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's), 1710 Market
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
. people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO... 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture,' pianos; no removal: money quick;
- lowest •- Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. . 1170 Market et., room 68. ¦¦;
LOWEST '. rates on ' furniture, etc, by; private
¦ party; I no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
I no brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos,-- f urn.,'
.. without . removal ; conflden. 035 Market,, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
'. strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st
• 3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal."
¦. . Phone ¦ Black 1709. , room 81/ 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people witnout security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
-. $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.r. 1.
CASH loaned ¦ salaried ' people ; on ' note without
} : indorser. Y; MORRELL; -609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; ' Eastern '
' • f>lan.- Wentern Loan ' Co.. '¦ 800 -Phelan bldg. «s.
\ OF FICES >AND STORES ; TO 1; LET.
STORE. • 30x30, fronting on Natoma st , bet
Fremont and Flrst.l with ¦ good dry elevator
basement • 40x90. Inquire 143 First st.
BUILDING to let; suitable for store or office*.
.¦:-, No.- 205 -Post st.. -near Grant * ave... DAVID-
}' BON A LEIGH. 219 Montgomery st 1 j. ¦'-'¦ ¦¦*::
':^7',; - r^:.^^ A i L^ s J?T?- ; :V-';': ¦¦ :'¦'• "•'-' -- ;
¦ MMB.1 O:lT'JNEERGAARD V reads 1 to 4. > 7<X>
v. :. Post st. corner of. Jones ; : phone Polk 837V
H. JEROME FOEELLI, scientific 1 palmist. 615
%, Taylor st, bet Geary and Post; tel. Black 66L*PYTHIAN ANNIVERSART.
Golden Gate Lodge No. 3 of the Knights
of Pythias '; will, on the 28th inst.. cele
brate the thirty-third aniversary of Its in
stitution by tendering a reception in
Pythian Castle to McKinley Company of
the Uniform Rank and Temples No. U
and No. 70 of the Rathbone Sisters. 'The
reception will bo followed by a pro
gramme of dancing. ,
>;« Golden ; Gate" Camp of ; the '.Woodmen • of
the .World will elect the "camp officers and
delegates ' on the : night • of. the 26th inst. 3
7s All of the local , camps are still working
with i " zeal i for; 'i the monster - initiation
that.isito take place in Woodward's Pa
vilion onthe:night of the 21st of June.'
¦t. Golden / Gate drill n team of • Golden : Gate
Camp ; gave ; its first ball in Native ' Sons'.
Hall on. th« 10th -inst.", J and it was a suc
cessful • affair. •; There\was a good attend-"
'V:'' ;% '. y y i : 'y ?.''-r'-c m *?:">*¦ ''•y:K'''\\- : fl i ''\ [?!¦'.' : y-i' *"¦'?•
A The v Choppers'- Friendship . Club of - the
,Woodmen ,< of ) the 'World - held ; a \ meeting
recently,;, when ' sub-committees ; were . ap
pointed to take charge of the picnic. to be
given' by the club on. the 29th of June.
WOODMEN OF.; THE .WORLD.
..On; the night of the, Uth inst ,Alcatraz
Parlor of the Native Sons of .the Golden
West t«ndered a banquet to James L. Gal
lagher, one of Its members, in celebration
of his -election to the -position* of third
grand .vice president of the order. Henry
Lichenstein was the : toastmaster. ;He in
troduced the following named, who re
sponded to toasts: W. E. Morton, presi
dent •• of the parlor; Grand President L.
F.Byington. Grand Outside Sentinel Em
met . J. Hayden, Grand Trustees James
A. Devoto and J.- R: Knowland, Judge
Carroll Cook, Merton C. Allen. Charles
I fc Weller, E. P. E.Troy and James L
Gallagher, the guest of the evening.
•-.' Sequoia Parlor, had ' a most enjoyable
high Jinks - last -.week. : Thp^e was an in
teresting programme." which Included spe
cial features by members of the Columbia
minstrels..- There were unusually good
tobacco and cigars and a good I collation -
/with light refreshments. <
The following is the programme of the
entertainment - that is to be - given on
Wednesday evening next by the Native
Sons Literary : and Social Club in '¦ Native
Sons' -Hall." That ", will be the initial en-
NATIVE SONS.
Kornbeck commanding, will, on the liteht
of the 31st inst.. giv^a military ball and
confer the decoration of cnivalryon sev
eral chevaliers for services rendered - tn
the Order of Odd Fellows. ITie fStloS
will be In Odd Fellows', Hall "^r 1 "
On the evening of the 22d a team from
Apollo Lodge visited WestenTAddlUo™
Lodge and conferred . the first. degree oS
several candidates. , ¦ » .*"•?"
H?a « ght tea . ms from. Apollo Lodge
visited Napa, where they conferred^ the
degrees on candidates for. Napa Lodee
Oriental . Encampment on, the 17th inatl
conferred the golden rule and purolft dp
gre 9 : °2 A he 2°,^ Wildey Encampment
conferred the golden rule and last ill-lit
Golden Gate Encampment conferred tha
patriarchal and golden rule degrees '
On the 27th inst. Parker Lodge -win hava
work in the initiatory degree.
Western 'Addition , Lodge has-been
awarded the handsome gavels offered bv
District Deputy .Grand Master John vT
Gibson ¦ for {he lodge in his districts • that
would during his term make the greatest
number < of- initiations. J. C. Williams of
Morse Lodge was • awarded the -Jewel of
fered by the deputy to. the member. of hl3
THE ODD FELLOWS
Great Sachem Boyes and;F. D. Ritchie
of Awashte "Tribe instituted' Konocktl
Tribe No. "121 at^Watsonville on- the 3<1
inst. with ''forty-six 4- charter : .-' : members.
Leon Enmeak of Bald Eagle 'Tribe has
been appointed' instructor of floor - work
for this trlbe.^ ¦¦¦¦ ' : • • % \ ..
. Great Chief of Records Bliss and. Or
ganizer P. S. Seymour Instituted "Mojave
Tribe at Los Angeles on the 29th of April
with: fifty charter members. The degrees
were- conferred by r a .team of Cocopah
Tribe. -On the 3d Inst. the/ same • officers
instituted a tribe at.Hanford with forty
two members. This, will be .known^as
Umpquah. Tribe. . During the visit I of the
great ¦' chief of. records ft in 9 the / southern
part of the State, from which he returned
last Monday," he laid, the. foundation for
a number of new tribes. ¦
¦L Past Sachem Ernest ; Flagler of Nana
who is credited < with having - done . excel
lent work ¦ in ' the preservation | and > build-'
ing up' of Otonkah .Tribe in.Napa, was Jn
this city . last • week and visited the ; office
of the great chief N of records. -"-.-:¦. ,.,
-The entertainment and smoker that was
given by Altahmos Tribe of the Improved
Order of ; Red Men in celebration of the
accession of sixty-eight new members was
attended ? by &¦ about-, 400 members of - the
order-in-the banquet hall- of the;. 'Red
Men's building, r; There were ; short talks
by ; the following named who. were present
as honored guests: i: Adam Geoger; P ,Q
;S.. of i Colorado, great raishenawa of "the
Great Councll-of- the estates; Dr
H. J. Smlth.P.-G. S.of Colorado;. James
Boyes, great; sachem-, of this, reservation;
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
The American Guild has decided to
start an active campaign in this State,
and for that purpose has sent Special
Organizer George A. Marsh to this city
to work up the order, not only here, but
throughout the State. . lie proposes to
visit the different guilds, have a heart ; to
heart talk with the members and arouse
a degree of, enthusiasm so as to bring
the order more prominently before the
public.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
¦', Britannia . Lodge of, the Orderrof the
Daughters of St. George celebrated the
thirteenth anniversary of its Institution
by giving an entertainment and dance to
its members and friends in .the 'Pythian
Castle . on | the ; 6th inst '. .Tha programme
was. made up of the following numbers:
Instrumental soloV T. ¦ Nowlans ; barytone
solo." H. Gerrans; tenor solo. -Mrl Walker;
recitation,. Miss Ethel Cotton: soprano
solo. Mrs. William ¦• Clark: ; tenor : solo, T.
Nowlan, and soprano solo, - Miss Florence
iFteauford. .Tho evening closed with danc
ing.- .;. .:" '-¦• V .;"¦¦¦•' . ' .;'¦"¦ ¦¦ ¦¦; . ; ¦ .:
recently Empress -. Victoria Lodge,
Order of of St. George,
held -ia ; ~ the Union Square Hall
Its first anniversary entertainment
and- ball '.... in aid of', the . -.widows'
and orphans' fund. The executive com
mittee consisted > of Mesdames W. Witts,
chairman;,"- E.>J.. Williams, - -W. P.; p.;
S..E. Johnson, W. P. P.; Helen Williams,
W. P. P.; -A.; E. Creba, W. P. P.;. n. j!
Stickney.W. P.: E. Harries. W. V. P.;
8. - Atkinson. W. P. -P.; P. A. Williams.
W.rP;. p.; E. Harrison. R., Craumer, R.
Fisher. J.* Putney and Miss Ethel Atkin
son. "The reception committee consisted
of : Mesdames N. J. StickneyvE. J. Will
iams, 8/ E.. Johnson,." A; E. Creba, E.
Harries. , E. - Harrison, ; R. . Craumer and
Miss ; M. • : Barber. The . floor » .committee
consisted ; of '(Burnaby) ',. Messrs.. "-P.,. c
Woodhouse, ' floor manager, W. G. John
son' and 1 G: E. Fisher; (Pickwick) Messrs.
6. Creba,? H. ! J: Ford; and J. 1 H.; Coates.
There waa. a- very Interesting programme
of :. music and. song • and . recitations and
fancy, dances.' rt •¦- ¦ , : . • ¦ ¦•
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
Court Independence had a social last
night in Union Square Hall, and the.sama
night Court Justice had an ice cream so
cial in Alcazar Social Hall.
H. Haab. P. C. R. of Court Barbarossa.
has offered two prizes to- the two member*
who will make the best showing a3 to
the number initiated during a stated tlm».
Hubertns Club will picnic at Green Val
ley Park on the Sth of June.
On the 21st inst- Court Richmond ini
tiated eight candidates.- -.
The Social Club of Court General Law
ton will have an outins at Harbor View
on the 20th of July.
Court Palo Alto celebrated Its thirteenth
anniversary in the headquarters of tha
Elks on the 22d inst. There was a large
attendance of ladies and gentlemen, who
enjoyed a fine programme of dances. Dur
ing the evening Samuel A. Bryer, tha
chief ranger, ori behalf of the court pre
sented a handsome gold watch to D. Co
hen, the court deputy, for the excellent
work he has done for the court during
the past nine years. Subsequently, Grand
Chief Ranger Wolfe, who was one of tha
guests, was publicly asked to continue
the deputy in office, and be granted the
request. The court treated its membera
and guests to an excellent collation.
• Considerable progress is being made in
the line of the great initiation that is to
be " held in this city on Foresters' day.
The general committee meets every Fri
day in the. Alcazar and arranges for tba
event.
Grand Chief . Ranger Wolfe has named
the following standing committees of the
Grand Court: Auditing— Julius Caiman, J.
B. Reboli,> J. S. Meyers; transportation—
T. Webb, R. Stelnmann and E. J. Cof
faney; arbitration— J. E. Ennis, Morris
Levy, H. D. Hanseu, J. T. Murphy. T.
Donohue. Joseph Millmoro and G. W.
Whyback.
Court Justice has arranged for an Ice
cream social on the 24th inst.
Last week Court Golden Gat© was vis
ited by the membership of Court Jam?3
G. "Ulaine. At the last held meeting of tho
visiting court it was addressed by Past
Grand Chief Ranger Fred D. Hensley and
Past Chief Ranger George D. Goldman.
At a meeting of the general committee
held last Friday plans were discussed for
the monster Initiation to be held in thia
city on Foresters' day, the 13th of Au
gust.
Court Sutro Heights tendered Its hall
to Seven Pines Circle for ona night, so
the next meeting will be In Marshall Hall
ofc the Pioneer bulldine.
C. E. Rogers haa been elected financial
secretary of Court Eclipse of tho Forest
ers of America to fill a vacancy.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
On the occasion of the banquet given
by the " Veteran Rebekahs, all ladies
there were about seventy-five present.
After the menu had been discussed Mrs
M. H. Swain, the retiring president, in
troduced Mrs. Samuels, her successor,
who made a short address, after which
she called upon. Mrs. Nellie Michell. Miss
Fannie Benjamin, Sarah A. Wolf., Mrs
Katzensteln. Mrs. Minerva Karsner. Mrs
C- North and Mrs. Mary A. Hawley.
During the evening a handsome jewel
was presented. to Mrs. Swafri, the retiring
president.
" The banquet of the Veteran Odd Fel
lows at. the California Hotel during the
session of the Grand Lodge was a memor
able event In the history of that organiza
tion. The. report of Secretary W. H.
Barnes shows that there are 1196 names
on tho roll of membership, thirty-three
haying been added during* the year. Dur
ing that period the association paid a
fraternal visit to Unity Lodge and at
tended a reception given by Oriental En
campment.' Eight deaths occurred during
the year.* At the banquet one of the most
interesting addresses was that delivered
by Past Grand J. N. Young. Owing to
the absence of genial: "Bobby" Burns the
sontf be was to have sung had to be
passed, but bis place was filled in a very
acceptable manner. by Secretary Barnes,
who entertained the assemblage with mel
odies that pleased, and then he added a
most eloquent address.
VETERANS BANQUET.
There was an unusually large attend
ance at the meeting of the San Francisco
Cabinet of the National Union o»- the 22d
inst. in Red Men's 'Hall. The announce
ment was made that Dr. Inrrian had been
appointed as the physician for . Mission
Council. .1. J. Truman Jr. was seated as
a delegate to the cabinet from ¦ that coun
cil. The committee on fbjder reported
that the names had ail been eet up and
Jbat as soon as the proofs had been read
tho matter would be placed In the hands
of the binder, and that, in a short time
the folders would be ready for distribu
tion. The extension committee reported
that Mission, the new council, had at the
previous meeting forty-three names on its
roll, that It would have five candidates
to initiate at its next meeting and that
there were fourteen applications on the
secretary's desk. The cabinet' will pay a
fraternal and official visit to El Dorado
Ccuricil on tho 6th of June,, when E. H.
Hills will be tho principal speaker. A K
Kingsford of California Council suggested
the idea of forming a first class degree
team to confer the degrees, and also sug
gested the getting up of a grand patri
otic entertainment in one of the large
halls. .The cabinet . appointed a commit
tee- of one from each council to make ar
rangements for a suitable entertainment
to be given some time in September to
welcome the return of the representatives
to the senate of the order and also to in
vite the membership ' of tho councils in
the vicinity of the city, this committee to
report at the next meeting. . ,
On • the night of the 23d inst. the San
Francisco Cabinet paid a visit -to Union
Council, on which occasion a team com
posed of A. K. Kingsford as president
Senator Cuthhert as vice president, Jo
seph* A. Wilson as speaker, J. R. McGuf
fick as usher, J. Thompson as chaplain,
H. W. Maass as ex-president and M.
Clark as sergeant conferred the three de
grees in the amplified form in a manner
that was a revelation to many of those
present/who had never seen it given' with
9 o much impresslveness before. Tho
members of the team were,'warmly/con
gratulated after jthe-work, and the- hope
was expressed that such work -would be
WheneVCr there
t El Capltah Council, has completed all
ni 8 *ht r f,- n f, era6 E t8 for the * rand El Sta"
night it ¦has been preparing for. It will
be in Native Sons' Banquet Hall.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Recently .Golden; Gato Council No.'
3 i of tho Daughters' -.of Liberty
was- instituted- in Mission Opera
Hall by State Deputy Councilor MlS3
Gertrude Deemer of Martha. Washington'
Council No. 2, assisted by Miss M. Raleigh
of the same council. -There were. eighty
signers to the petition for a charter, and
despite tlie fact that there wero no street
cars at that time • all were present but
four to receive the fraternal baptism.
That was a good showing on the part of
those who desire to, fill the ranks of this
strictly American: patriotic organization,
v/hich- is composed • of members ' of the
Junior Order of United Americans Me
chanics, their mothers, wives, sisters and
lady friends, provided such are* native
born. The institution of the new council
was admirably conducted -and tho.Insti
tuting officers were heartily congratu
rated. Since the institution there have
been presented a number of applications'.'
and if the rush . continues 'Golden Gate
will become the banner council - of tho <
local ones. The officers of the ne.w subor
dinate are: Mrs. F. J. -Williams, ; coun
cilor; Miss Ethel M. Fletcher, associate ¦
councilor; Miss Margaret A. Thomas
vice councilor; Miss Eva Hawley, 1 asso
ciate vice councilor; T. H. Nolte, record
ing secretary ; C. E. Hamilton, financial
secretary; Mrs. N..M.. Holt, treasurer-
Mrs. Carrie Ewing, guide; Miss Mas
Nolte, inner guard; Miss Anna Cardoza,
Jr Ex.: C; Miss Hattle Blumdell, assist
ant Jr. Ex. C; F. C. Pattison, Miss M.
Fisher and Miss Edith Stone, trustees. On
tho night of the 24th the membership of
Golden Gate and a number of speclallv
invited guests, numbering In *all about 150
persons, celebrated the institution of Nt>
3 at a reunion in the banquet hall of the
Mission Opera Hall.
Tho good of the order committee of Cal
ifornia 1 Council No. 1, Daughters of Lib
erty, has made arrangements for a car
riage, ride to Lake Chabot, Alameda
County, on Sunday, May 25. " This is for
members \ only and ¦will be under the di
rection of Emily Lewis. . Christine O.
Ketels, Clara Bowman, Laura Cantus and
W." M. Susan. To-morrow the swimming
plub of the council will have a practice
match at one of the prominent natato
rlums. The council is still' adding to Its
membership..- : . .
DAUGHTERS OF LIBERTY.
- The degree team of San Francisco
Tent of the Knights of the Maccabees ia
working hard to become letter perfect In
order to meet contesting teams in Loa
Angeles next August, at wblch the su
preme commander, D. P. Markey, will
be present, to see how the ritualistic work
is carried on in this State.
The two teams of San Francisco Tent
are still working hard to gain the prize
offered for the one bringing in the great
est number of members during a stated
period. Up to date Captain Greenbere
of the red team is in the lead. •
The ladles of San Francisco Hive, after
the close of business at their last held
meeting demonstrated that they are
first-class entertainers by the manner in
which they entertained the Sir Knights
of San Francisco Tent. They arranged
a. -pleasant programme and all had a
jolly good time.
ANIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
Since the organization of: the I. O. R.
M. general committee the ' tribes have
come closer- together, and under the lead
ership of Past* Sachem F. J. Bima the
ties of fellowship are being closely bound.
On the 13th inst. Seneca Tribe adopted
three palefaces in the presence of a large
number of visiting brothers and after the
work the tribe was entertained with short
talks by Past Sachem Astig of Winne
mucca, Sachem W. J. J. Weeks, Charles
Gay, Dr. Creagh and J. McCarthy.
•On the 13th inst. the team of Altahmos
Tribe conferred the • adoption degree on
six palefaces for Blazing • Arrow Tribe.
To-morrow night the degree will be con-
After^ .the close ' of , the session
the council entertained - the new
brothers and those of j" Altahmos
Tribe with a spread; During the even
ing J. Harry Hutaff, D. D. G. S., on be
half of 'Great ; Sachem Boyes, presented
to Sachem David Becker of Blazing Ar
row , an emblematic badge in recognition
of his services in building up the tribe.
Yo3emite Tribe will, on the 17th of Aug
ust, give a grand picnic, and on the 20th
of July will have its members and friends
fo on a tally-ho ride. -. G. J. Granz, G. H.
teln.W". Goldman and Dr.. J. J. Keefe
compose, tho committee that willarrange
for both events. .- .
Emilio' Lastreto, great sannap- of Cali
fornia; and Francis J. Blma-of Alameda;
also by James G. Smith, P. G. 8.; "Fred
Brandt, P. G. S.; S. Goldman, D. D. G. S.;
Dr. J. H. Josselyn, I. Mayer, :J. Kutsch,
E. P. Mclntyre. J.F. Whipple, Professor
Carl Sawvell. F. Harmon, Dr. F. B.
Petrie,. Dr. . W. F. Barbat and ' District
Deputy Great Sachem J. .Harry. Hutaff.
There was a good programme of music
and song contributed, by J. .J. Christian,
A. Davis. E. W. Alexander, Professor
Carl- Sawvell, B.C. Graniss. E. Lastreto,
William Allman/Charles Gay, L. F. Klein,
Thomas Rogers, -K. Khourse, Gus Had
shedee, H. Glick, H. E. Holt, Harry Haw
kins. H. L. Adams, E. Wessling, R. L.
Apple and H. F. Ofdenkamp. George W.
Balttc, the sachem of the tribe, was mas
ter of ceremonies. The affair was directed
by R. F. Kane, Frank Hardy, D. H. La
coste, J. L. Sanders and A. E. Wessling.
• The tribes of Alameda County have
work at every council. Recently Pawnee
Tribe had rive adoptions, Tecumseh three
and Cherokee, Ahwanee and Comanchc
two each. , .
On the night of' the 20th- inst. Young
Ladies' Institute Nol. 20, which has estab
lished an enviable reputation for social
functions, entertained about one hundred
and fifty ladies and gentlemen at a thea
ter party in the Alcazar. This affair
proved to be one of the most enjoyable
ones that the institute has ever given.
The affair was under the direction of tho
general committee, composed of the fol
lowing named energetic corps of officers
of the Institute: Past President Mrs. An
nie Devine. President Mrs. Moore First
Vice President Mrs. Flannagan, Second
Vice President Mrs. McHugh, Recording
Secretary Miss M. Mooney. Financial Sec
retary Mrs. Kaunitz, Treasurer Miss Bes
sie OXeary, Marshal Mrs. O'Donnell and
Trustees Mesdames" Galbaly, McKay and
Cleeves. Thia institute has of late paid
out a large sum of money in the assist
ance of members who wero on the sick
lifet.
YOUNG SADIES' INSTITUTED
'TWO ACTIVE OFFICERS OF
THE . YOUNG LADIES' IN
STITUTE NO. 20. ¦:¦
New .Century Circle, at its last held
meeting, had a good attendance and after
the session there was an Icecream social.
. At the meeting of Robin Hood Circle on
the 21st Inst. '<Miss Alice Tlcoulet. G. C. C.
was elected chief companion, Miss Hilken
sub-chief, Dr. W. A. Atwood recording
secretary. Miss Kanitz right guide, Rufua
Miller left guide, Mrs. Leeman inside
guard and Mrs. Erhardt outside guard.
After the election there were remarks by
Deputy Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Emma A. Harrington, who announced
that her term as deputy would expire dur
tng the early part of next month. Tha
circle- decided to ask the next grand chief
to continue her in office. There was also
an address by the grand sub-chief, Mrs.
H. Worms.
Cxcelsior Circle had an up-to-date party
on the 14th inst. in the social hall of the
Alcazar. During the grand march each
participant was presented a neat packago
on which was printed "Up-to-date party;
this is the date." The packages con
tained each a small box of dates. Tha at
tendance was large and the programme
pleasing. It was managed by Cordelia
Tucker, Mrs. Shumacher. J. Simpson. L.
Baker, Mr3. Keeney. Mrs. Dippel, Mrs.
Linden, Stella Smith, Mrs. Cutler and
Mrs. Barber.
Last week Grand Sub-Chief Companion
Mrs. H. "Worms visited goledad, where
with the assistance of Grand Right Guide
Miss Augusta Roggo and twenty-ono
members of Santa Lucia Circle of Salinas,
she Instituted Violet Circle No. 612. with
twenty-seven of the thirty-three petition
ers who signed tho application for a .
charter. After the Institution ot the cir
cle and the installation of the officers,
there was a banquet to the grand ofllccrs
and visiting companions and thia waa fol
lowed by a ball. Tho instituting officer j
was greatly pleased with her reception'
and the assistance rendered her by tho
members of Santa Lucia Circle.
AMERICAN COMPANIONS.
On the evening of the 18th Inst. ¦ San
Francisco- Chapter of the Order, of the
Eastern Star received two petitions for
degrees and closing the chapter business
at an early hour had an, "at home" for
the entertainment of its members and a
number of visitors from other chapters,
among them Mr. and Mrs. Dowling of
Ruth Chapter, North Bend/ Neb. " There
were several ! delightful musical numbers
by the talented artists. Prof. William P.
Warren and Prof. George L. Leroml.
Their enchanting performances were en
cored, still the audience did not seem
to be satisfied after each response. Light
refreshments were served and there was
dancing. It was a most delightful soiree
and the chapter proposes to have a num
ber like it before. the close of the year. -
• District -Deputy Grand Matron! Mrs. A.
M. Johnson will on the evening of the
26th last. pay. an official \ visit to Olive
Branch Chapter in Elks' Hall and on the
following nlgrht she .will- pay a likp visit
to Ivy -Chupten-.-KacU-has mada-exten
sive preparations to receive the grand
officer. ¦- ¦" ¦ ,¦ ->¦¦•¦ - . . ¦-
ZASTEBN STAR.
/Prospects are that- the theater party to
be given in the Tivoll Opera-house bti' the
night of the 2Sth inst. by Mission Re
bekah Lodge will be a -decided success.
The members and their fri«nds will, oc
cupy a largo part of the house on that
night. • , ¦ . . :
Last, night Templar Rebekah Lodge had
an apron and necktie party in its hall
that was attended by a large number of
the members and their friends and all
hail a glorious time.
California Lodge- had; a very '- pleasant
party, including an entertainment and
dance on the evening of the 23d inst.
.Loyal Rebekah Lodge will give a nov
elty party in the banquet, hall of the Odd
Fellows' building to-morrow night. - r
' Gabriel Grcss of Jubilee Rebekah Lodge
has been appointed deputy president of
district No. 5, which includes ; all the
lodges of San Francisco, except Walhalla
Lodge. .'¦:.¦' .-.¦¦.'.,.
THE REBEKAHS.
On the evening of the last held meeting
of Pickwick Lodge of the Sons of St.
George, after routine business, the lodge
room was opened to friends, who Joined
the membership In having a good titn*i.
There was an impromptu programme
composed of the following numbers:
J. B. Brown, song, "Comrades": Mr.
Hewitt, song. "Bitter Beer"; Mr. Potter
of Burnaby Lodge, song, "A Picture No
Artist Can Paint": encore, "Hello! Cen
tral. Give Me Heaven": W. R. Whyte re
citeds"The Edifice Erected by John"; H.
Williamson, song-, "Anchored"; encore.
"The Skippers of St. Ives." The worthy
president, Thomas Butcher, then Invite":!
the brothers and friends to the supper
room, wherq was found an ample spread
of sandwiches, cheese, beer and lemonade.
On returning to the hall the programme
was continued. Mr. Carles, song, "Tho
King of the. Main"; encore, "The Soldiers
of the Queen"; Dr. Sykes, song. "Tho
Mighty Deep": encore, "Sailing": Mr.
Luby, song, "Bis Ben"; Mrs. Potter,
song, "It's a Great Big Shame." Mr.
Hutton of Burnaby Lodge presided at the
piano in the unavoidable absence of Or
ganist Gerrans.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
At a meeting of the corporate directors
held last week it was decided thai; the
grand master workman shall devote^ his
whole time to the order and that the di
rectors shall allow him a reasonable com
pensation for his services. This is the
first time, in the history of the order in
this jurisdiction that the grand master
workman has been' allowed anything more
than honor and a contingent fund for ser
vices. The contingent fund, as in the
past,- will be continued to pay travelling
expenses for the. incumbent grand master.
. The second monthly entertainment and
ball under the auspices ,of the San Fran
cisco extension committee, A. O. U. W.,
will be in Odd Fellows' Hall on Wednes
day evening,- the 28th inst., when an ex
cellent programme will be presented un
der the direction of the following com
mittee: Dr. F. T. Duncan. C. H. Thur
ston Jr., J. S. Shaylori L. M. Manzer Jr.,
W. A. Wilkens.vW., p. Feeney, J. F.
Walthour and Jacob Schelllng.
. "Old ¦Unity" No. 27 gave an entertain
ment In Its lodgeroom in the headquarters
of the Elks on the night of the 20th inst.
There was a good attendance, and there
were addresses by Grand Master Work
man Freeman, Deputy Graqd Master Dan
forth and. Dr. F. T. Duncan. There were
also a number of vocal and instrumental
numbers^ and the serving of refreshments
and a conation. The affair was managed
A-J«r. Tuggy, H. J. Trowbrtdge fnd
J. P. Fitzslmmons. * .- . ..
On the 15th inst. Grand Recorder Spen
cer visited Crowa Landing. Stanislaus
County, and institute a new lodge with a
membership- of forty. Another lodge will
soon be instituted in Pleyto, in San Luis
Oblspo County. .
The Past Masters' Association at Its last
held meeting decided to assist the exten
sion " committee of this city by making
surprise visits to local lodges that require
encouragement.
The picnic cpmmittee is at work com
pleting its arrangements for the A. O.
U. W. and D. of H. reunion and picnic at
Glenwood Park on the 17th of June. A
number of prizes will be distributed.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN".
district who would Introduce into the or
der the greatest number of strangers for
initiation. The winning • lodge made a
gain of twenty-four and- the individual
had eleven candidates to his credit. The
prizes will be distributed at a meeting to
be neld in Western Addition Lodge on
June 11. - -
Grand Regent G. Gunzendorfer has been
invited to address the citizens of Stock
ton on the celebration of Arcanum day
which will be held under the auspices oC
Stockton Council. He has promised to
attend, accompanied by a delegation oC
brothers from thi3 city.
Grand Regent Gunzendorfer wilL short
ly announce his list of appointments oC
otputies, and also members of standing
cemmittees. He will also issue official
circulars calling on all councils ami
members to respond to the call of the su
preme regent for earnest energetic ef
fort to make tho membership roll reach
a quarter of a million on the completiou
of the twenty-fifth year of the order,
June 23.
The Supreme Council met in twenty
sixth annual session at Atlantic City, NJ
J., on Wednesday last. The session will
probably last nine days. The reports of
officers show a gain in membership of
nearly 10,000 in the first four months ot
this year.
The following have been appointed as
district deputy grand regents in charsjc
of councils in San Francisco and Ala
raeda County; W. E. Benedict to Argo
naut; A. H. Merrill to Alameda; M. ri.
DeRoco to Golden West; W. V. N. Bay to
Sierra, or Oakland; Dr. W. F. Lewis to
Buena Vista, and G. H. Bartlott to San
Francisco. All are active and vigorous
workers in the order.
Argonaut Council 597 will Initiate two
new members at ] its meeting to-morrow
night. The new district deputy, W. E.
Benedict of Alameda, will pay an official
visit, accompanied by the grand chap
lain, F. S. Brush. The committee on cel
t-bra ting the twenty-first anniversary of
the council will report. The committee on
celebration of "Arcanum day." "silver
jubilee." June 23, will also report. A
unique programme has been prepared.
Euena Vista Council 1504 admitted one
candidate at its last meeting and has
three initiations for next Thursday.
San Francisco Council held a very in
teresting meeting on the 22d Inst. Quito a
number of visiting members were present.
All made Interesting talks, notably Grand
Regent G. Gunzendorfer and D. D. G. K.
M. S. DeRoco. '
ROYAL
tertainment by this branch of tho Native
Sons:
8 to S:15 p. m.. Hynos* Orchestra: tenor solo.
Richani Hunt; monologue. Thomas V>\ lllckey:
xylophone solo, John Cassad ; soprano solo.
MI.4S Mil lie Flynn; character impersonator an<J
toe dancer, little Ilaro'.d Borchers; "The Lit
tlest Girl" — Mr. Caruthers. Mr. Stevenson;
Davenport, servant to Caruthers. Mr. Hermanee
<by special request); "Littlest GJrl," by her
self; Van Bibber. Mr. Foster.
•Golden Gate Camp will hold its election
for camp officers and delegates to the dis
trict convention to-morrow night.
City Organizer A. J. Weinert has or
ganized Pathfinder Camp with twenty
seven charter members.
McKinley Camp Is working to double its
membership by June 21.
North End Camp, located at North
Beach,. Is organizing a degree team. It
is a new camp, but is doing very well.
About 400 Woodmen, members of local
camps, accepted the invitation to visit the-
Irish Fair on the 20th inst. Golden Gate's
drill team gave an exhibition drill.
Memorial services will be Held at the
Alhambra Theater en June 8 under the di
rection of the committee, consisting of
D.'.U Fitzgerald (chairman). Z. T. Whit
ten «vice chairman). D. Oliver Jr. (secre
tary). D. L. Mayers (treasurer), assisted
by Grattan D. Phillips, Daniel A. Ryan.
E. F. Peckham. A. G. Frank and David
Oliver Jr., committee on exercises;. a com
mittee of fifteen, with William B. Nye
(chairman), on decoration of graves and
monuments; reception committee, Joseph
A. Wilson (chairman), and the finance
cpmmittee. John S. Patterson (chairman).
ance and a well arranged programme of
dances. Under the captaincy of L. E.
Healey the team gave an exhibition drill.
Mission degree team and Western Addi
tion degree team • also took part in the
event <o£- the evening. A. B. Muller was
the floor manager, and E. J. . Huber as
sistant. / • : , •:
. Tamalpals Camp gave an enjoyable
smoker on the 12th inst. to its membera
and friends after the initiation of nine
strangers who had ventured into the for
est. The programme consisted of songs,
recitations, instrumental numbers and
witty sayings, contributed by the Tamal
pals Camp • band and Messrs. Miilard,
Rcbertson, L. A. Craw. Dr. M. B. Estees,
Donnelly, H. J. Anderson, Schultz, Put
nam, Carroll, • Whitman. "Prince" Lau
rance Vincent arid Ramsey. '
. At the meeting of the Choppers'. Friend
ship Club held last Friday night a num
ber of candidates -were initiated and there
were nominations for officers for the en
suing term. This club will have a picnic
at Fernbrook Park on the 29th of June.
There was a large attendance iat the
meeting of Golden Gate Camp on the ipth
inst., when the committee thai is arrang
ing fbr the institution of 800 strangers
presented a report. -
Under good of the order, the' meeting
was addressed by Neighbor Mayor E. E.
Schmitz, Franklin K. Lane, Judges Frank
H. Dunne, Percy V. Long and George H.
Cabaniss. also by Peter J. Curtis and
Merton C. Allen. , '
Among the visitors at the office of the
prand secretary last week were: . Mrs.
Charles Smith and A. Pendrle'of Sutter
Creek, Finley and Mrs. Goodman of Vol
cano, President Lamberth and" Secretary
Susie- Kaitho of. Yosemite "Parlor, Mary"
A. Regan, Annie Ayers of Genevieve Par
lor and Minnie O'Connor of Rcichlinc
Parlor. ..
On the afternoon of the ISth inst. Mrs.
Thompson P. Jarvis of Darlna Parlor had
a party at her residence, 284 \ Missouri
street. It was to celebrate a double event
—"tho anniversary of the hostess and to
say farewell to Grand President Mrs.
Genevieve Baker upon her retirement
from the position she has filled for a
year." There were a number present in
the parlors, which, were tastefully .decor
ated in the national colors and those of
the State, the golden poppy. -It was a
r;erry party, and all who- attended had
a very delightful time. Those to whom
special invitations were sent were Grand
President Mrs. Baker. Grand Vice Presi
dent Miss Keith. Grand Secretary Miss
Fiakes, District Deputy Grand President
Mrs. Steinbach, Past Grand Treasurer
Miss Douglass. Mrs. Greene, secretary of
Buena Vista Parlor; Miss' Barry of Fre
mont Parlor, Mrs. Deltz, Mrs. Ewlng,
Fay Peabody, Miss McGrath, Mrs. Standi
ger. Captain Allie Parker, Mrs. Marks,
Lucie Hammersmith and "Sister" Stock.
i Past Grand President Cora B. Slfford
has reported to Miss Eliza D. Keith of
the Historical Landmark Club that the
Native Daughters" Improvement Club of
Ventura has come into possession of the
old adobe house which has stood since the
days of the missions in this State at tho
corner of Santa Clara: and Oak streets.
The house had to be moved >to allow the
placing of a modern structure t on the site
it occupied, and through the efforts- of
Charles Sewell.lt was secured as a dona
tion to the club named. It will be placed
on land where tho historic Ventura paims
stand, and which was donated to the Na
tive : Daughters by Archbishop Montgom
ery. The :tiles on this building were
brought to this country in 1790 by some
of the mission fathers.
On the 22d Mrs. Baker paid the last of
her otticiai visits for the term by calling
en G*«evievc Parlor in South San *"ran
cisco. This panor gave her a very cor
dial reception, and tne meeting with the
grand president, who instituted this sub
ordinate, and those who accompanied tier
was a most pleasant one. Mrs. Baker
was presented a beautitul chocolate set
decorated with goiaen poppies, and Dep
uty Mrs. J. A- Steinbach was presented
a gilt clock— tokens ot appreciation.
On the evening of the uta mat! Gerie
vieve Parlor gave its . first hop in the
South San Francisco Opera-house, which
proved to be a very enjoyable affair, ac
cording to tho verdict of tne large num
ber of people who were in attendance. .'
Ella Camine.tti and Julia A. Steinbach
are spoken of as candidates for the orrice
of grand vice president at the next ses
sion of the Grand Parlor. Emma Gruber
Foiey will be a candidate for the office
of grand marshal. , .
Grand President Mrs. Bakervpaid an
oflicial visit on the 21st to oaKdaic Par
lor, jvhere she was well received. .
On the evening of Tuesday,
the 20th in?t., Grand President Mrs. Ba
ker paid an official visit to Yoscmite Par
lor in this city. The hall was most beau
tifully decorated and the .visiting, grand
officer was accorded a most gracious wel
come, as was also Mrs. Ella Wehe, the
district grand president. After the'
work otthe evening had been completed
there wero addresses by the grand presl-'
dent and her deputy, - Dr. M. Bertola," Past
Grand Treasurer Lizzie Douglass, Mrs. J.
A. Steinbach. D. D. G. P.; Mrs. H. M.
Greene and President Larnberth of the
visited parior. As a remembrance of the
very pleasant meeting Mrs. Baker was
presented by the panor with a beautitul
cut glass bowl and the deputy a line crys
tal vase filled with choice roses.
>-— — <HE next" session' of the Grand
r-~*p~—S Parlor of Jhe Native Daugh
/[¦.¦ I ters of the Golden West will
(v I be held in thia city "on the
\\JL*f 10th, 11th. 12th7 and 13th of
.-¦^"•— /¦ June.
AS COLD IN THE LODGE ANTE=ROOM
THE SAN FKAyCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MAY 25, 1902.
39
Shanahan Florist Cp.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
'•-'¦/• Priced 'Reasonable.. ;
107 POWELL ST.^ELUS 505(5
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
T1" follow ins marriage license* were Issued
jcttcrJay:
Nioold Li Trrrcuo. 23. Jackron. and Laurlna
Msi;inncsiifla. .taoVson. _^
rtreOrick O. Mun»--inai«T. ,.0. 662 Hayes
rtr^pt an.] Charlotte HtnmK S«. ll» Lobos st.
<"hsrl«>5= .^cliaufo!. 24. « Bronte street, and
Tli-nfa -"• -"* Tehama *=tre*t.
fail M. IMrc •".('.• Mercur, Utah, and Anna
-\V!«. n 23 Sm!; I'BXf City.
Uenr? 1". Norton, », r>7 nara street, and
Horenr? J ; - HirkPtbv. 100w,Cbpd «treet-
ciio\«riii Soraort^ 1 -. 25, citr, and Rose Laco-
niaryitio, I'l, < iti'.« • •
Mfrfl It It*>i ")". ••*. city, and Clementina
C. St-linalv!. ?-. oity.
Oet***> V. Cm*4ai. ~. rci Davis etreet, and
lx-n.i <Jfanrel!i. 21. bid Bryant etreet.
I^juis Jooliumsen, au, «wj Waller street, and
ll.ivp is. rcunrior. t\. '1 Oraham place.
Clwrte* A. <;w!nvu!d. <o, r.20 Bush street,
Rtvi Praaeea tlWTOK#. 88. 520 BueIi 6treet.
T'tn rwe. 41. C4a«i Clay street, and Chun
Iloo. 24. W9'4 «'lay street. .
"EIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriac *nd death notlcee «*nt by
mail t\ ill not be inserted. They must be handed
in st either of the publication ofQcca and be
tndoixvl with the t»«n,e aad residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
ANDERSON— Io this cltr, May 16 1J>O2. to the
v ire of Charles E. Anderson, a daughter.
CAMERON -Jn this city. April 17. 1002. to the
*vii*> at L. N. Cameron, a dauiehter. '
CHEnV?3R— In Wpst Berkeley. March 2S 1302
to th» wife of Frank Cheever. a son. '
GAMELE-In this cltr. May 20. 1902. to the
wife o! riichard J. Gamble <nee Recknagle).
a dau^nter.
GAfTON-In this city. May 24. 1902. to the
• v-tff. of B. A. uaston. a daughter.
"W LEHNHARDT— In Oakland. May 24, 1902 to
%, the TiiJe of Emll Lehnhardt. a son.
MrMANfS- In this city. May 15, 1002. to tn»
wife of John F. McManus. a eon.
MKTZGER— In this ctty. May 24. 1902. to the
wife o£ John Metzger. O f Ashland, Or., a,
son. *^
IF.RRV-In this city. Hay 17. 1902, to the
•wife at Emile A. Perry, a daughter.
this city. May 24. 1902. to the '
v.ife of Conrad E. Scheel. a son.
STOKES — In this city. May 23, 1002, to the
« ile of Georsc TV. Stokes, a eon.
THEALLr-In th:« city. May IS, 1002. to the
wife of 1-rar.k.H. Tbeall, a son.
1VIDMAN— In South Ean Francisco. May IS,
lJiS. to the wire of Anton J. Widm&n. a
dawrhter. • . ¦
WINSLO\r— In this city. May 19. 1902, to the
wife of John F. Wlnelow. a son.
V. ISE— In this city. May 1*\ 1002. to the trite
or A. ise i nee Attinser), " a daughter.
AVITTKOPP— In this city. April 30. 1002. to
the w:fe of u. A. Wittkopp. a eon.
MARRIED.
FriOMMER— LENGWINAT— In this city. May
IX, XSKC. by the Rev. Paul Branke. Relnhold
J i-ommer and Martha Lenuwinat. both of
San FrancUco.
lio R^U><*G— BOULE— In this ctty. May 20.
1902. by the Rev. Father Bryne. Rudolph
Hornunc and Laura A. Borle. both of San
Francisco.
LEOPOLD— HUBER— In this city. May 17.
liKfi. by the Rev. Paul Branke, Henry A.
Leopold and Lizzie Uuber. both of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Borchers, Auirusta J. Metzger Cinrant)
Brummund. Wm. F. Murray, John C.
Burt. William J. Piercy. Alpheus B.
Burton, Mrs. Kate Rath, Francis J.
VCook. James J. Ritey, Turie F.
Currier, Nataline B. Roberts. Alexander
Cunningham, John Sheridan, Brldeet
Dressier. Wm. De M. Silorich. Rosa Z.
Gansert. Mary Simpson. Charfotta
Granite, Yera Simpeon. "William
Uerdman. W. J. A. Smith. Lizzie
Howard, Louis Piwncer, Herfcert
Iverson, Eileen Stanley, Mary A-
Johnson. Welttr Steele. Margaret S.
Kahn, Alma ¦ Stewart. James A.
"TCerrlgan. Margaret KTreeney. John
Leas. Mabf 1 J. Thies. Pauline
Lynch. Michael J. Wheaton. Louisa M.
McDaid. John J.
BORCIIERS— In this city. May 22, 1002. Au-
tusta J.. dearly beloved wife of Theo. W.
Borchers, mother of Mrs. E. Woenne Jr. and
Hrrman and Ferdinand Borchers, and Bister
of Mrs Louise Rftinhardt and Dledrich,
Louis, Emil and Ferdinand Ahlers, a native
of Oldenburc. Oermany. aged 44 years 0
months and l h 4 day*. A member of Nord-
oeutscher Frauen Vereln.
cy Friends anil acquaintances are rcspe^t-
• fully brrtted to attend the funeral to-day
< Sunday), et 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
II. F. .Su^t & Co., 1137 Mission etreet, be-
iveen Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
tress Lawn ¦ Cemetery.
J;ORDDEITTSCHER Frauen Verein— The of-
ficer* and members are reEpectfully requested
to easemble at tho parlors of H. F Suhr
&: Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eichth. to-day <Sunday). at 12-30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
member, Mrs. Augusta J. Borchere By
omer Mftf. MINNIE IPSEN. Preeld'eat.
MRS. A. PAPE. Secretary.
BRUMMUND— In Oakiand, May 23. 1902, at
h;s residence. t5 Claremont avenue. William
F. C. beloved husband of Henrietta Brum-
mund. and father of Emma, Amanda Frank.
Henry, Arthur and Willie Brummund, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 49 years 3 months and
7 days. _A member of Temple Lodge Xo. 11,
CTTrlendK and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< r Sunday >. at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, t5 Clarerr.ont avenue, Oakland. Ser-
vices under vhe auepices of Temple Lodge
V.Vc'emete 0 ;-. ?* Mountain
SVR J~ Ia th .|| c»-"- May 23. 1002. at hla late
residence. £SI7 Mission street. William J
(beloved husband of Margaret J. Burt late a
member of Excelsior Lodce No. 310. I O
Q. F., and Kxcel?ior Lodge No. 126 A* O*
l\ W.. a naUve of Troy. N. T. tTro*-' n'
• \.. papers please copy.)
CyFrieno* and acquaintances are respect-
fij'.ly invited to attend the funeral to-day
S-'V 81^ 0 ', 0011 ' from MisslofMMontc
" m W f - -**** Mission f-tr^st, under the aus-
pices of Mi«ion Lodge No. 160. F. and A.
M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemeterj"
i_t>, a. o. I. \\. are reaueeted in at
tend the funeral of our late : bother Will
Ham J. Burt. P. M. W.. to-day at
MtelSS J£™ MiE5lon Masonic Tcmplef 2068
J * R°1?kt"fS- Master Workman.
J. R. HELEN. Recorder. •
ECRTON— In Moraica Valley, May "4 1902
Mrs. Kate Burton. Moved wlf/nf inh ,'
T. Burton, and mother of Arthur J »&
a native of Wi?<v>n*in. aped 44 vears
ty Funeral will leave Walnut Creek* on th*
T i,L c!0C V raln ' *—**• "ay 26. thence to
Albert Browns undertaking parlors 46G
Thirteenth Etreet. Oakland where
ulll be held, cvnmencin* 8 t 11 o"l^k"
t-rment Mountain View Cemeterj-, Oakland
COOK— In this city. May 2«, 1300 j ani(1 , T '
beloved son of Chart** H. and' Mollie E
«;ook. a najive of Idaho, aged 7 years 0
rpoutht and 1M daje. J rs **
CUNNrNGHAM— A Eolemn requiem high nan
w-iJl be celPbratt'l for the rerose O f the «oul
exf the late Hr John Cunningham to-morrow
.M-wvOay.. «t » a clock, st Ft. nose's Church.
I rierids are invited to attend.
CCRRIEB— In this city. May 22, 1902 Nata
line B., beloved wife of Colonel John C Cur-
rier, and mother of Harriet Nataline Our-
rler, a native of Rhode Island, ated 50 yearn
9 rnonthe end 1 day. 3 ™
C^Friends and acquaintanr<fs are respect-
fully iavired to attend the funeral eervicee
Mondar. May 2*r, j»02. at Jl o'clock, »t her
late residence, 1S04 Broadway, between
<5ougb and Octavia. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek
route boat. , , .
DRESSLER—^n this Hty, May 23, 1902, Wil-
liam De Mott Dressier, a native of Michigan.
C7Frleads and acquaintances may see the
remains at the home of W. F. Boeart, 888
Kaight street. Funeral sen-ices jrtll be held
«t the eteps of the chapel in Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery to-day <6unday). at 12:30
o clock. All his friends are Invited to at-
tend the eenices.
GANZERT— In this city. May 23. 1902. Mary,
t «Wr!y beloved wife of Herman Ganzert.
daughter of Geoixe and Rose Meehan, and
sifter of Mr*. Charles Ganzert. Mrs. Jo«eph
gffW. Mi». Ed Clark and Andrew. James,
-ilchael. Patrick end O«onre Meehan. a na-
Mvf«rs Cf County t^ncgal, Ireland, aged 31
, CyFriends sn-J a«jualntaiices are respect -
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday 1. at 0:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
oenee, 40* Twenty-second avenue, corner of
t-Z *.?**"' th<>nr -e to Star of the Sea
Ow£teri- Or 6f>r^' lces - Interment Holy Cross
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
l£ucj«ssor to Flarnagan & Gallagher.)
DAMEL p. DONOVAN Mrr
rVS^ R^P 1^ ECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20
Ml. Olivet Cemetery, -
• N-EAREST THE CITT. \
Office, S 16 Market Street.
Telephone Bush S67.
KEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS
fcamuel McFadden. IS years manarer for
the United Undertakers' AssociaUon- M. j
McBreartr with the same company' f£ W
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Corr-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par.
Ior I 5! VI 1 M1 « lcn «•• between Seventh
„ and Eighth. Telephone South 44. " i ""*
! J ' twirTro'uJJbiERTAKSis'J -
zr ••ut.z» nrthSt. Tei.southw^l i
rWERAX DIPECTORS AKD EMBALMERS.I
C t VRD OF THANKS. .
Mr. and Mre. William Oellrlch desire to
cxprefB their heartfelt thanks to their friends
for the rtoral offerlnn and sympathy shown
during their late bereavement.
OFFICERS and Members of Redtrood Clrel*
No. 72. Women of ."Woodcraft: Ton are heri!
by notified that the unvellinjr of the monu-
1 nent of our late neighbor. Mrs. Mary S
Myers, will take place Sunday. May 25 at
Mount Olivet Ometery. at 2 o'clock. Neigh-
bors and friend* are Invited to attend
MRS. M. E. McMAHON.
Guardian Neighbor.
h^SF" *.? this city. May 23, 1002. Vera.
W i fe of CI arance Grange. '
rt.rr L ne 'U'leral services Mill be held Tues-
¦*»rV». y 27> a t 10:30 o'clock, at SS4 Bush
ijd-£^ latcrmen t Cypress Uwn Cemetery.
of rti^'j 2. 1902. on steamship City
i «"*• • J - A - Herdman. beloved son of Mr?.
hnJh an - , the Iat « xv - J - Herdman. and
mSU 1 ' 1 "' 0 '^- e - k - a " d «w lat « H. P. G.
t !« "Vl n * born ln East India, aged SO years
3 months and 12 days. . .
HOWARD— In this city. May 24, 1002, Loui*
year? a natlve of Louisiana, aged tiO
1V^?^ OI l~; In tn i* city, May 23, 1902, Eileen,
dearly beloved daughter of O. C. and Nora
Jverson. a native of San Francisco, aged
1 month and 10, days. •
Drowned, Ma y 6 « 1502. Walter,
oearly beloved son of William E. and Annie
a. Johnson, and brother of Herbert. Ltlllan.
Arthur. Albert. Orviye. George, Teddy and
ttie late Nellie Johnson, a native of San
days °' a6 * d u . 5eart - months and 13
, ICyFriands and acquaintances are rcspect-
xaiiy .invited to attend tha funeral to-day
<Sunday). at 1:30 o'clock, from the Fourth
J-onereeaUonal Church. Green . street, near
fctockton. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KAHN— In this city. May ; 21. 1002. Alma.
dearly beloved wife of Joseph Kahn, and
mother of Martha and Clifford Kahn. a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 29 years and 3 days.
tCnJcaso papers please copy.)
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
oence, fcfc Chenery street, between Thirtieth
and Randell. Interment. I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
KERRIGAN— In Alameda County. Cal.. May
23. 1902. Margaret T.. wife of John Kerri-
gan, and mother of John J. Kerrigan, a na-
tive of St. John, New Brunswick. aged 53
years.
cyReroains at the funeral "parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister street
LEAS— In this city. May 22, 1002. Mabel J..
beloved wife of J. Stuart Leas, and daugh-
ter of Mrs. J. Sabiston and the late Captain
John Sabiston, a native of Victoria. B. C,
aged 23 years 7 months and 19 days. . (Vic-
m tori a. B. C-. papers please copy.) ¦
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, Mrs. J. Sabiston. 1463 Ellis
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LYNCH— In the City and County Hospital,
May 23. 1002. Michael J. Lynch, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 46 years. -
McDAID— In this city. May 23. 1902. John J..
beloved son of the late John and Angellne
McDaid. and brother of James J., William
and Maggie McDaid and Mrs. John B.
Thomas, a native of Tuba County, Cal.,
ared 37 years and 10 months. A member of
San Francisco Typographical Union No. 21.
ETFrlends and members of San Francisco
Typographical Union No. 21 are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral Sunday,
May 25. at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of N. Gray & Co.. 041 Sacramento
street, near Kearny, thence to St. Mary's
Church, corner California and Dupont streets,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
METZGER— In this city. May 24, 1002, Infant
son of Mr. and Mrs. John Metzger of Ash-
land, Or.
MURRAY — On Yerba Buena Island, May 24,
1902. John C. son of the late Owens and
Mary Murray, and brother of Mrs. John
Cooper and the late Mrs. E. C. Devlne, a
native of California, aged 3S years.
PIERCT— In this city. May 24, 1902, Alpheus
C. Piercy. beloved son of Alpheus B. and
Louise C. Piercy. brother of Evelyn L..
Ralph. Viola. Edith and Earl Piercy. and
grandson of Mrs. Emily A. Piercy. a native
of California, aged 4 years S months and 15
days.
RATH— In thla city. May 23. 1002, Francis
Joseph, dearly beloved son of Frank J. and
Anna M. Rath, and brother of Raymond J..
Oertrude R. and Luclle M. Rath, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years 7 months and
.4 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Sunday). from the residence of the parent!"
1623H Turk street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
RILEY— In this city. May 23. ' 1002. Tugle
Frances Ethel, dearly beloved daughter of
Joseph P. and the late Elizabeth Riley. and
sister of Mr*. Edward Burke and Spencer
George, Lesley. Willie and Elmer Quinn. a
native of San. Francisco, aged 3 years and 1
day. ...
ROBERTS— In this city. May 23. 1902. Alex-
ander Roberts, a native of Kingston, Ja-
maica, ased 50 years. , /
SHERIDAN— In this city.' May 23. 1002 Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late Charles Sherl-
aan. and beloved mother of Christopher.
Patrick. Margaret and James Sheridan. Mrs.
B. Maguire. Mrs. 2. Smith and Mrs. F.
Smith, a native of County Longford, -Ire-
land.
1 " fnneral ¦"¦'" place to-morrow
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 60S Ivy avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mas* will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o' clocfc_. Interment- pri-,
vate. Holy Croes Cemetery.
SILOVICH— In this city. May 24 190° Rosa
Zo*. beloved -wife of Captain John Si'lovich.
?. n i mo i her «?^ Marietta Zoe and the late
Mabel Ena Sllovich, -a native of Mayfield.
Santa Clara County, Cal.. ased 35 yean 8
months and 17 days. . ....
« {portends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
fSunday). at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 64 Shotwell street, between Four-
teenth ana Fifteenth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. -
SIMPSON— In this city. May 23. 1902. Char-
lotta A. Simpscn. dearly beloved wife of
George L. Simpson, daughter of Mrs Jo-
hanna Dieser. and Elster of Mrs Louis
Schneider. Fred and the late George Humke
Mrs. Th. Luetje and Oscar and Julius Die-
ser. a native of Chicago, 111., aged 35 year*
5 months and 6 days, f Chicago, 111., and
Eureka, Humboldt County, Cal.. papers
please copy.) - .
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of II. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission Ttreet.
Ess^iSrssatS? Eljrhth - Interment
SIMPSON— In this city. May '24, 1902 Wil-
11«C«n Simpson, beloved father of Herbert and
Hiram Simpson, and brother of Henry Simp-
son of LUbon Center, N. Y.. a native of
£ew York, aged 64 years 6 months and 24
SS'"-_ Lat f a member of Palmer Lodge No.
3»2l_^ ¦«« A- M.. of Bridgeburg. Ontario.
prFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday
at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic Temple, cor-
ner Post and Montgomery streets, under the
auspices of Mount Moriah Lodge No. 4t
F. and A- M. Interment private.
SMITH— In thi« city. May 24, 1902, Lizzie,
beloved wife of John W. Smith, a native of
San Francisco, aged 25 years. . *
SPENCER— In this city, May 24, 1902 Her-
bert, dearly beloved and only child of Henry
and Jennie Spencer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 5 months and 5 days.
STANLEY— In this city. May 24. 1902. Mary
A., dearly beloved wife of Fred H. Stanlev
and mother of Tom, Fred arid Millie Btan-
iSXgWl^SsLJgg ased 4S yea "
STEELE— In this city. May 23. 1002, Mar-
gartt S. Steele, beloved daughter of Hugh
and Barbara Steele, and sister of Flora
Steele, a native of San Francisco, aged i
years 1 month and 10 days.
* jfyFrtend" and acquaintances are resp*>ct-
fftaSJiSS**? , t ,°.* t , t '- r * i the funeral t^ay
J£~ vV, "£-. 12 ° «V ock « 'rom her late resi-
dence. 613 Wisconsin street, luterment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. "™j";
STEWART— In this city. May 24 1902 James
A. Stewart, beloved brother of ifo P H
Sen r z.,°Lnd Oa M k^Ma^. &»
»rt of Boston. Ma*s.. a native of Cnn» rJI
aa^rll&S,- iSsSSfc
tJ& F taS& ?o nd aS al u£ n funerI? '^^
Monday. May 26 19027 at * o"do C t IfT^A 8
Oakland. Interment Mountain VieW Ceme": '
SWEENEY— In this citv. May 24 ITfV j/,*,-
guerite.. Joseph and the la"? John and Ka?;
SS^K^ of °° unty c °" k - ¦"«££.
C7Fri<*nds and acquainUnces are r'esrwx-t
fully invited to attend the funeraf to-^no?fow
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from the reTiden^
of Mrs. John Sweeney. 16C9ii Mission «7rJl^
thence to Mission Dolores c'hurd! wherli
wlemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his bouI, comrojneing at %
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TH1ES— In this city. May 23. 1902 Paulln*
dearly beloved wife of Otto Th!«. a natfve
of San PTanclsco. aged 27. years il monins
ana i oays.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dav
< Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her latP
r^sldeuce. !>C9 Lombard street, between Jones
end Leavenwortit. Interment , Hount Olivet
Cemetery.
WHEATON— Entered Into re«t, Mav 23 inrr>
Jyiuisa Mead Wh«?aton. wife of E'dward
Wheaton. . aw ard.- J -The -. case ' of "Albert ,:,West,'- one" of ; the
ifour. .bellboys »,with 'burglary? for
breaking, into the -rooms, of -Mrs. 1 Julius
Kruttschnitt,; Hotel r Richelieu, ) was -dis
missed- by ¦' Judge ¦} Cook yesterday, 1 , on rno^
tlon *¦ of * the • District '. Attorney. .: on '*: the
ground that there 'was ; not . sufficient evi
dence' to ; convict. .'The case- of ; Charles
.Vandeveave, was continued till! May 29 for
decision,; on,' the - motion : for t a' new trial "'
and r the sentences r upon . Ray - Clark V and
Frank ; Reed were postponed * till the same
.day.:.' ; ; :'¦'¦¦¦'¦¦; -:y --» V •¦¦-••-.
: George L.. Adams, who was convicted of
burglary, in! the second degree for.break
ing into the •' room -. of. Sam ¦ Toy ; Sen; ¦ 14
Washington alley; ton -February was
sentenced by Judge Lawlor to serve 'four
yearsin San.Quentln. 'F.'.K.'iDeweyr'cbn-'
.vict^d of grand . larceny, for * stealing " a
s watch 5 , from Robert- Twlss .in- a saloon' at
20 Mason street,- on February 24, was sen
tenced - by Judge Lawlor , to serve : two
years' in: San Quentln.; ••.' :\. -.',..
-The Judge said the, defendant- had been
granted! a fair and impartial trial/ and
asked if he had anything to say. why sen-"
tence of death should not be passed upon
him.! The convicted" man ". that
Chin Glng had ruined his life. The Judge
then passed sentence 'of death upon^him,
the execution to take place at San Quen
tin on a date to be set next .Tuesday. '
Harry, J. Smith,, who was convicted 2 on
a charge of robbery: for- holding upland
stealing a - watch from G. 'Mercadler,- an
old. Frenchman, at California and Dupont
streets, was sentenced 5 by- Judge: Cook- to
serve nine years -in San Quentih. : J. 1 J.,
McCann, > who pleaded guilty to ¦¦ the same
offense, was sentenced to serve six" years
In Folsom, penitentiary. "'.' ', - .
Chun Keong, who was convicted of mur
der in the first 'degree by a jury in Judge
Cook's court, for ' sentence yes
terday. 'He shot and killed. Chin; Glng at
Washington ' street and Ross alley on' the
afternoon of February 11,', because he said
Chin Glng had robbed him . of -his ' wife,
Mon Gong, and. all' his money. At the
preliminary examination 1 before Judge
Mogan he said he; waji ted to plead guilty
and be hanged "at once, : as ' he had \ his re
venge satisfied and had nothing more to
live for.- ¦ . ;• ;•¦¦•; ¦* ;.-¦'. ¦ ¦, ' ' ¦¦ '¦¦ :.'¦:¦.
Plymouth-Congregational: 'Morning-
i Howard-street M. -E.: Morning— "Tha
Fruits fott the ; Spirit.? , :Evening--Saving
a w aC^? e V P^ st °r- John A. B. , Wilson
First i M.: E. : Evening— "The Young Man
In Business." Pastor, ; Rev.- Frank K.", Ba
"'£ hkt^ k "??' ei } ue^ 1 ' E - : •Morning
tor/ e R^. F"c n ' a Gale V '? lllnS : PlaCe -'' PaS 
r.First-¦ Congregational : ;> Morning-"Esti-"
mates ; of •¦;. Christ." Pastor/ George C.
: x Third Congregational : '• Morning— "Honey
:in;.Unexpected. Places.":; .Evening-"The
U orlds .Unanswered; Question.",-. Pastor;
Rev.t William' Rader.- r - . . > ; ; • ¦ .
'.-Westminster; Presbyterlanr' Evening-
VT.? w ££ nd " ? led ses— What :^Shall We ' Do
With; Them?" Pastor,' Rev. v ,E -H Avery
/Calvary Presbyterian: Morning— VPaul'=
Generosity/Toward. a\ King."- Evening-
Christians . Known ' and ¦- Read ' of -All
Men. ,-¦ <- 'Associate ; pastor,' George ' G;, Eld-
-Grace M. &¦ Church : Evening— "Memo
rlal.Day.Patriotism." Pastor, Rev. F. M.
Larkin.y;. . " • ' *. •-
"£. a y fori^; streetV '- M - - E - : Mornlng-
P 1 ?. 11^ William ¦ Taylor-A Great Exam
?}% ' v 2 nl U s: """ How the Church Can Be
Made MorVPopular and Useful.", Pastor,
Rev.-. 1 A.* C.;Bane.- _¦ >: . ¦-. : . : •
\: This morning at 8 o'clock there will.be
a^ solemn - high mass in St. /-Anthony's
Church; -at which the children will receive
tneir first holy: communion. '
•- Rev. ;. Father? Forhan will - preach this
morning. at the 10:30. mass in. St. "Ignatius
Church.- « Rev.' Father Gleason ¦ of St. Jo
seph s Church. ' Sant Jose, will preach in
the evening 'after, vespers. -,
The crowning of the Blessed. Virgin ; will
be held in the Ladies' ' Sodality Chapel at
St. Ignatius Church! this afternoon at 2:30
o'clock.^- The following programme will be
rendered:; :.
Overture; Ladles"" Sodality Choir; cornet solo,
Miss M Welsh; : vocal trio. . "Vent . Sponsa
Christl," Misses C. "Stanley, N. Daley artd E
Nlcolar, accompanist Miss Griffith ; coronation
chorus. Ladles' Sodality Choir; reception- vocal
solo. ," Ave Maria". (Millard). Mlsa Elvira Diaz,
with violin obllgato by Miss Rose Manning, ac
companist; Miss A. Griffith; consecration: selec
tion. Ladles' : Sodality Orchestra; address Rev.
Father ; Calzla; ' chorus," Ladles' Sodal'ty ' - Or
chestra.'- - ¦ • .. - - . -.. ".*';
V '. The > Auditor '.was « purged ; of '^ contempt
through .- a * clerical - error, of i. the •- County
Clerk-; in \ substituting,. the :•' name "of " ; the
.Treasurer -.instead , of* the : Auditor in ' the
order of Tcourt.. :.. .- -
',•:."! (want -it understood, "a said .the -Judge.'
"thatvwhen a venire is issued, say for. 100
talesmen. land say .fifty come -'forward
with .excuses ; and 'are; excused, they ;i are
not entitled to a per- diem ; fee. :¦ Those who
are 5 accepted on '¦ the -panel. ¦• however,'; are
entitled :, to • their * fee, •"¦ whether \ sworn " or
not."- .'•¦¦ ¦:..:¦:,;•' :¦ 'K/-r~:> ¦•'- '-¦"¦¦¦ • ¦'¦L---';: "- ¦•-
.-The ', Judge - held • that ; if " there was - any
money: in the > general , fund of 1 the i county,
jurors'. fees must be paid out of it, as the
Superior. Court- was a State body 'and was
not amenable to any, action .of- the Board
of ; Supervisors. :- It , was admitted > there
was r money ; in :, the general ,' fund • of >, the
county . and ' the -Jurors'' fees must there
fore, be paid.'- ' c . •>. ,;¦¦:¦<¦¦ ¦:., '~-^.-r<:>'-:r-: - 7
if Attorney Cobb, for- the Auditor,- filed
'an answer," claiming that he. had nb funds
at his disposal ) to pay jurors'* fees, as the
appropriation ,'bf <¦; $16,000 "made /by 'the
Board of . Supervisors f was exhausted and
u nder the charter | he was prohibited from
drawing: warrants unless- money. for, that
specific 'purpose .was, appropriated by the
board; also that: under: the /Auditor's con
struction of the , law - Jurors were , not ; en-'
titled - to fees :,unless actually . 6worn : in.'
A • demurrer was ;, Interposed :by^ Jackson,
which,' after argument, was sustained" by
the Judge yesterday,^. but the Auditor was
allowed ; five days '¦ to amend his answer if
he* felt so inclined. r ¦¦{•¦¦ ¦ •¦ C , : v ; ': •";
¦Jackson filed an affidavit with the Judge
a week | ago ; yesterday ! that the .Auditor
had : positively : refused to draw J the war
rant for $26, his, fees as a juror, although
the order had been -regularly Indorsed' by
the Judge. The; Auditor was
cited to - appear and • show cause .why he
should not be .punished for; contempt of
court." A writ ;.of : mandate was : alSo pro
cured. '.. : •¦'.-• -¦ '¦"-..•"• -¦ ''*.- ¦ •-.•-'
- Judge Cook has practically decided that
Harry Baehr, /the. City Auditor,; must
draw the warrants for payment of jurors*
fees in criminal cases, butithe "formal de
cision \will ¦ not be given for five days,
within \vhichtime : the Auditor .will have
to 'file an amended answer to the .man
damus • proceedings in the case of Andrew
Jackson, '¦ & juror. 1 ¦ " ¦ , ¦• ' .'¦ '¦'. ¦..
- — : — •— t ;
Cfiun Keong Is to Be
Hanged for Murder
of Chin Ging.
Ladies Sodality to Crown
"Virgin Mary at St.
Ignatius.
Judge Cook Practically
Decides Against '<
-Auditor Baehr. ,
DEM SENTENCE
UPON A CHINESE
FEES DF JURORS
MUST BE PAID
Captain Spillane, Sergeant Shay. Detec
tives Regan and O'Connell and Officer Es
kew raided a crap game 'last night at 1018
Market street They gathered in the
money and dice as evidence, and arrested
two keepers- and ten - players, who were
released on bail. '¦"¦.?¦• •>' v ,-..z,r
Crap 'Game Is Raided.
Amelia Jacobs commenced an action for
divorce against Julius Jacobs, alleging de
sertion and failure to provide. She
charges that for the last year Jacobs has
John William Blur.dell , is sums' Agnes
Blundell for divorce for desertion. The
Blundells were married in June, 1881, and
have three children, the eldest of whom
Is 20 years of age. Blundell alleges that
his wife left him seven years ago without
cause. ¦
In an affidavit filed yesterday by Adolph
de Bonnet, who is being sued for divorce
by Lysylvia Jane de Bonnet, he places
the blame of his marital infelicities upon
the shoulders of his mother-in-law, Mrs.
Emma Pollard. He avers .that Mrs. Pol
lard has such an influence over his wife
that ehe compels her ; to act contrary to
his wishes, and has thereby disrupted an
otherwise ' happy ' home. ' •.' - '-':'.'¦,
New Suits for Divorce
Are -Filed.
Declares She Broke Up His Home.
I>E BONNET NOT PLEASED
WITH ; MOTHER-IN-LAW
HARVARD ATHLETES WET'
HONORS ON" MANY vi »rpj|
Children's day. Evening— Memorial day
address. Pastor, Dr. Cherington.'
Emanuel Evangelical: Morning— "Plead-
Ine for Prayer." Evening— "Indifference."
Pastor, F. W. Fischer.
,, First English : Lutheran: Morning—
"The Lord's Interview With Nlcodemus."
"Paul at Lystra." Pastor. Rev.
E. Icelander. , . -
tx Y - * M -, C V A * : Afternoon— "Life What
We _$tf? k e •!*."'¦ by 'Rev. J. Henry Smythe
of Philadelphia. •
tj A * a £' £ £ lon; Evening— Address by
n D - E » McK 'n la y- vOtfier prominent
citizens will speak. \ \
/•"¦¦"¦ ' . - . y - i
It's Always Time
To get one of our 'clocks, the quaint sold
en ones that everyone wants.* Also gold
candlesticks, candelabra and jewel cases
make fine wedding presents and prizes for
card : parties. Sanborn, Vail & Co 741
Market street. ¦ '• ¦ • -¦ , -• "*•
Honey Due the. State.
• Auditor. Baehr yesterday completed his
semi-annual financial settlement, showinjr
that the sum of J6S1.825 93 is due the State!
Defeat Yale on,th« Track and Tennis
Court and Annapolis on
. tho Water.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 24.— Harvard
won In the dual track meet with Tale on
Soldiers Field this afternoon, scoring Otf
points to 41%. for her adversaries. Four
dual records were broken— In the 100 yards
dash, the 220 yards hurdle, the- pole vault
and the 220 yards dash. A world's record
was equaled in the 100 yards dash. In
the 220 yards hurdle th© time was within
one-flfth' of a second of Kraenzleln's
world's record. /
Schlck of Harvard beat Moulton of
Tale in the 100-yard dash in 9 4-5 seconds.
NEW HAVEN, May 24.-Harvard won
th« first round In the tennis champion
ship with Tale, taking five matches in the
singles to Tale's one.
¦ ANNAPOLIS. Md., May 24.— In one oC
the closest contests ever seen on the Sev
ern the eight-oared crew of Harvard Uni
versity defeated the naval cadets this
afternoon* in the two-mile race. Tiraa—
Harvard 10:01. navy 10:02.
A. G. Dahmer, who was married to
Louise Dahmen In Alameda on October
1. 1894. has brought a suit. for divorce on
the ground of desertion. He alleges that
Mrs. Dahmer left him four years after
their marriage., . _- -
¦ Jennie E.' Francouer. in a complaint for
divorce alleges that Georg-e H. Jfrancouer,
to whom she was married at Stockton in
18S7, abandoned her two years ago and
has refused to provide for her. <-•
John E. Peterson is being sued for di
vorce by '.Annie Peterson on the ground
of cruelty. She alleges that he -causes
her a great deal of suffering by his in
temperate habits. They were married In
this city in October. 1900.
refused to live with her and provide her
with- the necessaries of life. They were
married in 1S75.
VARIED THEMES
OF THE PASTORS
THE , SAN FKANCISCO; 'CALL;:. SUNDAY;; ,MAY.'25; : 1902.
40
Royal Steel Enamel ware.
- Best there is— get that fixed in your mind before you see the prices.
Every piece, is perfect— even above the ordinary, and the prices?
Less Than Wholesale Cost.
Dealers would like to buy at these figures. They pay more in case lots at
wholesale than we are going to ask now by single piece.
Tea Pots. 3 qt.... 30c Dish Pans. 14 qt ,^oc
Berlin Sauce Pans. 4 qt.... ......... ,38c Berlin Kettles, 10 qt 8Oc
Berlin Sauce Pans— 1 P? 18 * ns ' cover ..2?»c
.Berim aauce raiis _ t £ip P€ 3 Sauce Pans. 5 qt ...2."»c
G 49c .10 qt 7Oc Colanders. 11 Inch 35c
8 qt. .....55c 12 qt.......85c Wash Basins. 12 inch ......i«e
Nickel-Plated Goods—^ Galvanized Wash Tubs.
TravslOc-13 Inches across. S5 C Ones at 59c— First time to-morrow
Soap Dishes 10c— With drainer. morning. They're the large size. 24 in..
Ccftee Pots 43c— With enameled han- ¦ of heavy iron and well made.
die, 3 quarts. 50 Feet Galvanized Wire Clothes
T:nwnix> lane lOc— Regular price 15c to 20c
1 V? f. P~« : ii ; • Familv Scales 95c—Special;. weigh -by
Jellv Cake Pans 3c — 9-lnch; shallow. - ounces up to 24. lbs.
Pie Plates 3c— 10-inch ones; shallow. Nail Hammers lOc— Regular size;'
Dish Pans 15c— 14 quarts; worth 23c, nickel plated: bi? value.
Muffin Pans.llc-9 cups; scalloped. Mrs. Potts' Sad Irons Ooc^-Japanned
Strainers 20c— 7-lnch ones with cover. . and highly polished; full weight: thro«
Tea Hetties 20c— 7 quarts. Irons and stand and handle in the set.
Coal Shovels 3c— They're japanned; e nn j «/;„„„.„ q/i_
heavy and strong. -. rOOO LliOpperS HOC.
Flour 'Bins ¦ 75c— Japanned;- 'hold 50 . The well-known "Universal" chopper.
_pounds. . ¦ . •¦;.¦• . ;- . with three knives. It chops and does not
Chamber Pails 25c— Japanned; 12-qt. crush the food, does away with the chop-
l .ones. - - l: *.- :"?3.* v . ~ ; . / . ping bawl; a useful article.
/^~~tSto^jGoo£> goodsl**^ Gate Ave.
0 """"- 9 Best en a me I ware and every-day house helps of
A all sorts at lowest prices in the City.
Galaxy Of Housekeepers will welcome these bargains like
Star none we ever put out. They are just what
; : Values " folks want — as- good as they can get any day
o-^- — — — — — o and . much less than they are in habit of pay- .
ing. * Nothing poor pr inferior — nothing we want to get rid of;
nothing we couldn't get full, prices ; for if we were content \o go
slower. But we don't want to jgo jpegging along , with no more
business this year than we did'last— no more this montli than
last month; no more this week than last Aveek. We want new
customers. We want old ones to- think more of us. So. every
now and then we take little or no profit t6 accomplish this end*
It-increases our gait, too. Then it pays even if it looks like it
Babbitt s Laundry Soap ac Bar.
v. . Could you housewives ask for a better bargain than thatf', Dealers would
-like to. buy it at that, but no— it's for our own customers. First time Monday,
morning. .It's'thatfamousjcitchen soap— full-sized, full, quality bars.
ioc Wire Toasters 7c— 6x7 "inches. Ironinn Boards 98c.
Potato Mashers 3c-heavy wire, with j^gg than wholesale c6st.\ Because they
wooden handles.- . Ordinarv sized are don't think: there is anything wrong
Washboards ¦ 1 Sc - Ord in ary . _slzed wltn t them , Tn are on an eagel ahd
ones. Good, too, even if they. are. cheap. strongly made. They won't wobble. Can
§&8f 50c Tubs at 39c. be adjusted to any. height, x ;-:.,,...>;
131/2 inches across. ' Some folks .know > Stretchers $1.25/ ¦
them as Fibre Keelers. all of you know Very simple, very strong, adjustable to
them as bargains at 39c. ,. : ' " any; size. • '.- ¦¦'¦¦¦ ¦•¦¦•>• • «..-' ~ ... ,,.j;. >
thing for soiled clothes, strong and closely 10p Spring Clothes Pins 6c a Dozen.
woven, 24 inches high-, 16 Inches across. ; 15,000 of them in this special offering to-
IV«» T/r»«i». ?» . morrow. Almost twice- as many now. as
Wax Tapers OC. ;-^^ , you usually, get. .. , .. ¦
Another of those iiare opportunities : 0?
Men's Half Hose
25 Cents.
NovelUes. the very :, latest things.
Pretty designs and colorings. The
swcllest collection we have. seen at 25c.
Men's Nfehi'S torts ' 50$.
Prettily trimmed in red or blue, also
the plain white, full size and good
length.
While Shir s 50c.
Unlaundered ones of New York Mills
muslin, linen bosoms, double back and
front, patent gussets, felled seams,
split neckbands, long or short bosoms.
O O
10 Star Attractions.
New, brilliant,- unequaled are; aiihounced. for/ this week. It
is the last big feature of the anniversary . programme— but the ,
best. They'll certainly; receive the heartiest response of all.: Each
one has been thoroughly, carefully, specially planned , for N this
week's selling. Any one of them is unusual- enough and "heavy ;
enough /to be 'exploited by itself— and niake a sensation. What a
stir there'll be with all ten coming: at once. They've been held
back in order' to add flavor and interest to the final week of .
HALE'S TENTH ANNIVERSARY SALE.
Sale of Statipnery.
( ' T~s7 ~? n ° st l nteres 'f' r ff k ot of Values We Ever Had.
Attraction j that's saying a good deal, for we've thrown
c 1-6 some notable offers lately. We didn't think we
could beat them, but we have. It means" that if you want nice
stylish paper now's the best time of all to buy:-
Fine Quality Paper 7c a Box.
Even finer than you usually get at ioc, put up in a neat, pretty box, too.
a box— Many styles— seme linen and some satin finish; some in Art
Novc, tied with a ribbon bow, pink, cream, white.
Then there is some DAINTY JUVENILE STATIONERY. Women may
use it for invitations. ' •
5c Tablets^ Tablets 10c.
Big collection of them, some ruled and Note or "letter size, of real Irish linen.
•one plain, various sizes. The biggest We never heard of such a fine quality
value for the money we've had for some paper and so much'of it selling for 10c.
20c a Box. Office Inkstands 35c.
Hale's Imperial Cabinet. 60 sheets and 50 The safety kind, with rubber patent cap,
envelopes, high grade. large size.
20c Writing Paper at 12k Lb.
A fine linen or satin finish paper in full- pound packages (120 sheets). We
have sold almost half a ton of it in the last few days. Too good a bargain to
last very long. . ' vv y ¦"¦-'•/: '' •
New French Corset 44c
and others as rare.
Another star attraction. The corsets are those you want — that you'll want
worse when you see the prices. ¦ )
This French Corset at 44c— Made of fine sateen with medium bust, tapered
hjps — n-inch clasp, trimmed with lace top and bottom. Colors white,
Straight Front Corsets S1.00. V' Hew Tape Girdle Corsets
Four styles, made of fine sateen— in y Tin nnH C//7/)
short, medium and long lengths. Bias /OC ana *I.UU.
gored — hose supporter attachment — top Made of wide tapes— 10-inch clasp. Come
trimmed with lace and baby ribbon. They in black, white, pink and blue,
come in black, drab and white. — - „ _ •
New co^red^ha?r iV^
l%lZV£^ S^°*? th ?l gh ? U i\V th 10"^ and h under armpadsiaSfs^Tb-
genuine whalebone-made of best Italian solute freedom of motion-non-irritating-
eloth-particularly adapted for stout flg- perfectly soft and pliable-will keep their
ures - 1 shape during months of constant wear.
Summer Neck wean
* ) Another ° St y lish summery pieces and hosts of them. Let
Big Star us look first at these'
„ Attraction. Q Women's Neck Ruffs $1 Each.
~^ in \£ 1Cated Iib « rt y .silk finished with silk juby trimming, pleated ends
edged with same. Prettiest- black and white combinations.
At 1.0c— Washable Chambray stock At SOc— Fine tucked taffeta silk stock-
collars with bows and top collar of collars, with bow of. fancy dotted
dotted linenrin piok, blue or white. silk.
Twice around ties with two tucks for ,, , ,
collar, with border of fancy braid in Mad ras stock collars with bow of
pink, blue, cardinal, black. 8Ta- ss llncn with colored stripes.
At .?5c— Washable madras stock collar Fancy silk auto ties with postillion
with white lawn four-in-hand, trim- collar trimmed with four small but-
med with pink, blue, black striped tons, and bound with a shell-
linen, very stylish. -^ -.-.¦¦ stitched trimming. . v
35G^and 50c Washable Neckwear 25c
3M pieces wash neckwear, consisting of stock collars. . with bows and four-in-
hands, twice around ties with top collar effect and Croats.' They are made o/
te P |qu *- chambray. fancy striped madras and dotted linen in pretty shades of
pink. blue, green, old rose. Quite the thing for summer outing wear.
o Gate Ave. r-^^^j®p€*e> Gaasb&^^
Great Sale
White Waists.
i One or the important features this
week. ..They are the newest and pret-
tiest and loveliest waists you will find,
marked a full third under their worth.
20 different styles— not* a cheap,- com-
mon one in the lot — 75c, ' Q5c, $1.25,
$1.45, $1.95. Full details in to-day's
Examiner.
This week's star attraction in
\ Milliner/:
I Tuscan Hats;
70 Cents. j
Usually $1.75. Even if you' were '
willing. to pay that you couldn't 1
get newer or prettier or more j
, stylish than these at 75c. Finest |
""chance we've had in lonpj while to
' niake money, but a finer chance
still to make trade— make new
customers, especially when we'
say: We'll
TRIM 'EM FREE
if you buy trimmings of us.
. They make iriost becoming
hats for children and nice dressy ,
shade hats for women. .
; Hop^c- there's plenty for all. .
. ¦ ¦ •¦'. ¦ ¦/
Some Star Attractions in Hew
Pillow Tops
56 Cents.
Handsomely tinted pieces
easily embroidered: ;
— Ki.tcns with basket viole 's.
—Good one— "Don't Mind Pa. "
—New '.'nasturtium" top.^\2~l
— Four kittens playing euchre.
— Large white poppy with buds. ;
Hosts of popular ones^ — some
30 entirely new subjects. New
ones are corning "so fast these
days— all of them so original,
they are- making us more cus-
tomers than ever, especially the
new
• Friendship Pillow Top
With 10 :• white, . spaces . representing
cards, in. which friends may write their
autographs and you "embroider, them—
scattered around the cards are tinted
forget-me-nots— 50c.
. They suggest "
Silk Floss PiUo ws.
How they're selling lately!
We are not ashamed to show you
what's inside one, either. - It's the best
quality -of silk floss and 'a whole lot
of it.' I ¦ ¦:W . -;: • ¦- .,'¦
16-inch-pSOc 22-inch— 39c "\
18-inch— 25c .. 24-inch— 42c
20-inch— 30c " 26-inch— 50c.
1 -Gwm Sale l|p||f|^!l^p|f^l|w||S Like.^
"' For every kind of a: towel any one wants is lower priced this week. than it isvany other/time.
° r . ..... ¦¦¦-. : .. 9 Not a towel -that isn't, new and good and per-/ .would help us make. "
¦: 5 >t ? r * V feet; not one: that isn't worth^ its full price ; ' .^^ «. * ,m t '
Attraction and so many—thousands and thousands df; TBe BlffgCSt lOWel liCIIlOIlStratiOn
'. > Y:- r ! :^hat : '^dozens. •;.; Most of .them .have never been on sale ' .. ,v u
Putshines before..^yV^iat we couldn^t, buy cheap' enough in the West; ji they would give us as good as they do right
Them AIL r °™ re g}dMsioc\zand reduced. We . along; if they'd. work for glory, we would also, and together
v ; Oj never ; had, so-- many, good towels so. low-priced V we'd build up a bigger towel market out here. They caught our
before^ -We made''up,our minds months -ago -to say that, but- enthusiasm. They gave us better values than we expected we
you' ve.no idea, how hard we woiked to be able to back itup.'Fac- had our aim high when we started.;^. '*'^;
tory after factory .was called upon to aid us. We toldthem if they fe£; But ¦ come to-morrov; and see for yourself.
Towel Values asSan Francisco Never Had
and sucha towel show! A Market-street window is full of them; then the ledges, and. counters and tables .— towels everywhere,
that big, airy court from floor to roof is one ' mass "of towels— v -Extra selling space and salesmen, 1 so that you won't have to wait.
> Bath Towels.^ l2aC Liheri £luck Towels 83C Damask Towels.
Bleached. ~ K -¦' - • '* • ¦ -. • »¦•* . . . -.•¦.--. . , Of)n flna» n* 1B
'„ ioc-isx.36 in "''ite^-V>x& in 2000 of them .fine. good. bl ff ones; 17x32 Inches, with colored borders. v .We wish • ' «.«*,«_ i \
- i 10 2-3c-22x45 In. 25^-27x54 n! " -' " ow we had twlce thre e thousand when we see how bis a value looms up. - More than 50 dozen. 19x40. all linen, wlfci ¦
Unbleachfid ' " T't- - ' ¦ colored borders and knotted fringe. \ }
: loc-wu,; / J2 .^- 2 ox4o m. i . The nuck Towels. 90 ° £ fl ?ii' 2 J a ~
, Uc— 20x38 in. - \l5c— 22x45 in. J.^y-S ' ie n tn-/ " -« . „,. - dozen. 20x42, with knotted fringe,
20c— size 24x45 in.— really worth 35c. ¦ lOC.UnSS 12%C. 18c Ones at 15c. - ' colored borders.
'3OC Baith TOWelS I8C« b 75 d d ° Z °fl' 19x36 Inches « hemmed » colored l00 dozen, 20x38 Inches, colored borders; 30c Ones at 25 c.
I^^^S^^ffM ° rerS> mm&B * M - 20c Ones at 15c. K \ ' wSra^S,^ 0^
in Ll & quantities as cheap as those. 70 dozen. 17x32,-. hemmed, red borders, Hemstitched, size 18x36. A : - 25 C Each
, CottOn^OWelS. v CX^ aV^ :, v ,, tf . T - . 25c and 30c Ones at 20c. Ml linen hemstitched damask towels,
' 200 dozen fine huck a cotton towels. 17x40. Other Hemstitched HuckTowels 150 dozen, all linen, hemmed, white and size. 18x36; 40 dozen. ; "*
bleached, fringed ends; red borders. :.--.at50c. colored borders. 40 C Each.
„„. . ' .5c Each. . t .- ¦ ¦ ¦ 24x41^ inches, all .pure llnen.x finely • 45c Ones at 33 x /ic. -.Fine damask towels, fringed with col-
d^^i u si^^^coiffl^rtS!: ¦. wovra - : -. %:¦:- AU linen - 20x39 inchcs - ? ott flnl3h - orcd borders - sl2e 25x5Oinche3 -
worth 75c a dozen.- ; - - --^ \' ( ¥_J -g T* ' •* t f^ ' f
» wis e c fo a w&. nch... loo Dozen H tick Towels 7X each.
fringed ends,' marsellles weave. ; • -..-. . t -, .M *
400 dozen whlte^oweTs^with colored bor^ 4"! ' See what big ones they are— 18x39 inches. How heavy— how soft. And white. Such towels never sell under
ders. 10x40 Inches, hemmed— worth $1.25 a ? x - 2 ° a dozen. Some of the borders are a little faded, so we got them at a low figure, but what difference does it make
dozen. .;..: . , • /if the borders are all gone f It's the towel you want, and not the border.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hole's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
ocooooocoe©«e«o«o©aeo©oaeo©ooo«oo©€e®©(i»o©oo
: Bathing Suit Style
• There's STYLE in a Bathing- Suit, just as in ANY-of your -
O wearine apparel. For vears BATHERS h -v f 'ooked to US for the
• STYLES, and now we are recognized as AUTHORITY. x-csL
• This year, we are showing many new creations and '
• fmart combinations If you wantto wear the "correct" in \*1» '
• Bathing Suits SEE US. Our goods vary in price to suit y/ . >
p ' ail purses. For instance;.- 4 '
O Women's Bathing Svrts from $1.50 to J2S.C0 U^^^^^^ !
• GirW Bathing Suils from 125. to 5.00 y^Sm&FMr (
O . Men's Bathfaij Soils from. ..;... . . ." . . . .75 to &00 llfcZBj'}*) !
g Boys' Balhing Sutls from JO to 3^0 {&$$$/ (
O A complete line of Bathing Caps, Shoes, Bandanas, mWf/m. !
S k. ¦ Bath Robes> Tow " WwMWk •
O ? l9l©iy« li+> i For'outdoor WfSotk '
° 1 1 lI ?H * m AiT^ A I sport$ we have the W*zd&r
J V.VXr /|/»W^C/ JEK EYS - LEGGIN5, IPM 1
r •-.>¦* .. • Caps -'and': Shoes, .mfc- 'Wf "¦' ¦' (
a - |/1!|T riMHnn aswell as TENM> ~ ml fj. .<
J KNITi/riNG CO.. .*«« RASEiALL 5UP- iff . ! .» <
• 60 Geary St., . San Francisco, LIE V • % \
J Open Saturdays until 10 p. m. VVhenever you need UNDER
• . Just Reseifed— Ke'w sopplyof "Ping'^^v^ember w C h^veMt^; !
S Pong," from $2.50 to $7^ . ¦ .^nit^i^'; Llsle '^^i- ,
On a trip call and get one of our 4 3^1^/? % f/w&\
afni av'^b regul ? r value; has ~^J®£IM'l
1 OjV PerliapsYon Wonld Like an ALLIGATOR BAQ?-
Furniture and Household Goods on Credit If ' Y ou Wish. 1