PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— KO. 164.
¦j iA3*\- FBANCISCO; ; '
MONT PELEE IS STILL ACTIVE AND DISASTER IMMINENT
WHILE A PLAGUE IS THREATENED AT ST. PIERRE UNLESS
PROMPT MEASURES BE TAKEN TO BURN BODIES OF VICTIMS
iyii^P OF THE DECTJR^
'; ac f?J n^\y" 1^ '/^ ; V^^^-/^^^ • from Sa^ French Government Uliart.of:i8S/^
r-'' Jl/'T^^ river AIouillagc-—7l:eO
:.• ybdildmgs,. with' the; famoM^^ were, the §
• : catfte'dral, -where 'many \f7cmsficd; th houses,, factories};-]
: (•ari&QiJiarvcs/am
: 'd^la^sircajnfrom''^
¦J^Pilbiei^hcrc many, took wf ! ugc',lic' three \ amv seven -m iles "south of .St. Pierre::.: '.' v - -v*- 1 ¦:.
PLAN OF ST. PIERRE SHOWS
WHERE BIG BUILDINGS STOOD
; ' ijp BE FRANCE,; Martinique,
I '.C {B ¦. ¦ "^/Maj' '.12.-^The" British .Royal
• - Em ¦'" ¦' ,' •;'. *<^ *";.'¦»• -¦¦--¦-..- . . ' '¦
Y-B; ; ; .Mallsteamer'i Solent .brought
¦'•B "_ v .'' : - /a^vful news ".from the British
'rw.-~--/: >' '( - inland |oC St/1 Vincent- ' May . S
. ¦ : . ' I-.";'! and; 9 a ..volcano . there, .." the
Soufriere, - brpke. into .violent: eruption.
.Mud; -asties,*, stones and;flre were -hurled
liito'the town 'of Kingston", -the capital of
'the island/; and over -the epuntry. From
the "meager*; reports 'obtainable , here it j is
khowri'that,'500, deaths, had /occurred at
! St. Vincent; iip; to ' night/and that
the -volcano ' there was still j active at that
time. / '¦'¦¦';•¦ - t ;';¦-¦':';¦¦;/'/¦ "' ¦• '¦:''.'•¦''.'¦
. Hamilton de Lourey, a • passenger from
the Royal, Mail steamer Esk, reports that
between 11 and 1 o'clock of the night of
May"8, a huge black mass of vapor hurt?
over-the volcano on St. : "Vincent and that
the. mountain was raining ashes, while
there • was.' a .continuation of electric
flashes about the mountain top. A boat
from the 7 Esk 'went, iu toward the shore
with r mail, but had to return.
- ROSEAU, Island of Dominica. B. W. I.;
Sunday, May 11.— La Soufriere. on the isl
and, of St; Vincent, has been In full erup
tion since Wednesday las^ Several plan
tation's have been destroyed! Earthquakes
and loud reports ; accompanied the erup
tion; "and stones and ! ashes fell at Kings
ton." Many p.ersons were, wounded and
the bodies of GOO dead are unburled.
Five Hundred Deaths Occur
on St. Vincent.
•The Martinique . case -. appears to be
even more terrible, than, at first reported.
Refugees arriving here. this morning say
nc-w craters are -open in' many --.sections;/
that river.s are overflowing andlthat;IargV
areas in the north of the Island are\sub
merged. Other ['districts- arc crowded 'witli
survivors. Almost ' total i darkness -con
tinues. I : do/not believe v Guadeloupe' 'can
adequately, relieve the . ' stupendous -dis
tress." _-. :.'-\ '¦ ¦'/•"•' ';'.¦' . .'.
IyONDON. May 12— The Colonial Office
received the ¦ following dispatch: to^dajt
from Administrator. Bell;of the island of
Dominica, British West' Indies: ' ' L? . '
"The disaster, is complete. -.The;city;is
wiped out. Consul Prentis and his family,
are dead. The Governor says S0.000 have
perished a,nd DO.OuO are homeless and hun r
gry. He suggests that the Red Cross be
asked to send codfish, "flour, beah3,' : rice^
ealt meats and 1 biscuit, as quickly*. as pos
sible. Visits' of warships valuable." >' ?
— States Consul Aytnee at Guade
loupe.'who went to Fort de France, Mar-i
tlnlque,-. by instructions from thi3 Goyr
ernment: . , ./. •• •¦-.•.. • • . ' ¦' I • >i
TT/ ASHINGTON, May 12.^Secretary
1/1/ Hay 'received the following cable T
* ~ gram, dated May ll/frbtn United
CONSUL AYMEE
REPORTS MUCH
NEED OF FOOD
• Governor Mouttet, who was at Fort de
France -when the first indications of erup
tion were sfcen at St. Pierre, declared that
the danger would not increase, and" sent
a detachment of soldiers to prevent " a
general exodus of the inhabitants. Later
he went to St. Pierre himself with his
ms e. . f
POINT-A-PITRE. Gaudeloupe, May 12.
A Email coasting vessel reached hers
this morning from Trinity Bay, six miles
south of St. Pierre. The vessel left Mar
tinique yesterday and afterward brought.
a part of the Le^CIerc family and. other
refugees from St. Pierre. It reports St.;
Pierre razed, not even the walls left
standing, and the country, for miles
around St. Pierre burned over and all the
houses and sugar plantations destroyed.
Fires were still burning when the vessel,
which v.-as chartered to bring refugees
here. left. Numerous families of St.;
Pierre escaped just before the disaster
and ere here.
The steamship St. Legcr brought away
severa! families just beferc the disaster.
Among the saved are Messrs. Fernand,
1* Clerc. Knight Jr.. Plissoneau i and .
others. The ominous smoking of Mont
Pdce caused these families to flee.
The vessel which arrived to-day reports
that all the villages near St. Pierre ci
ctpt those which have been destroyed are
filled with refugees. They are without
food, many are without shelter, and many
have died since they, fled from their
hemes. Their plight Is pitiable and un
less th?y can be housed soon and plenty
uf food given them, -there will be general
suffering. Survivors who arrived from
Trinity Bay report that soldiers were
able to «mtcr St. Pierre Friday and Sat
uroay. They found a state of ruin and
devastation that was Incredible. Not a
living person was discovered anywhere
near the town. '
Scarcely u wall was left to show where '
. -•¦ -» f . •¦:¦ --• -¦ • - ¦•-¦»•*
the strong stone houses : had.stood.'', i 'Th.ey;
wfj? alP debris j and the dead were lining
gled with the ruins of: the houses, .the lava;
and the wreckage; swept -down from the
mountain side. Refugees in' the,, near-by
villages ; face , a. new ; terror, -due to. the
thousands of putrefying 'bodies.*- They.are^
smuggling to .get away, fearing-ari-':cpl
demic of disease.' ',' '.'."'. ¦*"'".•.""„:'' 'V. *' : -
Survivors say -the'Ioss,. to property will
be at least' $30,000,000. ': : /'.-. .•'' : -.--'.'v- l [ -;^:, f -2''.
Columns of ¦ steam with
flashes of flame were "still coming- .from
Mont.Paiee yesterday.^ ,.. .^"<"\ : "> \. j
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique', - Ma v -i^.-r—Thc irccn-'^
tral and southern parts of St. Pica? -arc still burriingi>\
The countryside is. deserted. Evcry-family\on:ihe''island}'
is mourning the bss of relatives .gi. friends.- /Business is' ¦
ct a complete standstill. St. Pierre 'was' the financial and probiJion-:/
ing center of the inland. Mont Pclcc is still in eruption and even-,
more, violent, and mere disastrous eruptions may foUpw; r Vdlcanih]
ashes have fallen against the wind on the islands of ¦Dominica -and Uf.
St. Vincent. The authorities arc doing everything possible y .to relieved
the suffering. The means -at hand arc terribly inadequate.' ¦. Unless',
prompt measures are taken for the disposal { of Uh€ : ; thousands Sofc : .
dead bodies at St. Pierre a fearful plague js almost 'certain to Idc^*
v dob there. ¦¦ •* -•• : ; '.-. ¦' '••¦ ¦¦;¦¦¦•¦•• .'¦¦' ,\''-- ,' '':.. ¦•?;
Flames Still Raging in the
Destroyed City.
The San Francisco Call.Thursday morning the Inhabitants of
the city awoke to find heavy clouds
shrouding the Mont Pelee crater. All day
Wednesday horrid detonations . had been
heard. These were echoed from St.
HORRID DETONATIONS.
The American Consul at Guadeloupe,
Louis H. Ay me, has reached the desolate
spot where St, Pierre stood and confirms
the awful story in all its essential details-
From an interview with Colonel Ayme,
who is a trained American newspaperman,
a correspondent of the ' Associated Press •
learned the following facts:
Briefly put, - last -Thursday morning th'e
city of St. Pierre disappeared within ten
minutes, in a; whirl of ure from Mont
Pelee; thirty thousand persons 'were, in
stantly and horribly killed,: and the vol
cano, whose ancient crater ; for niore than
fifty years had been - occupied by a quiet
lake, in which picnic 'parties bathed, sud
denly discharged a torrent; of fiery mud,
which rolled toward the sea, engulfing
everything before it. Then . the last of
cable communication was broken, and the
doomed city was isolated from the world.
cano .at St. Pierre on Thurs
day last. Careful investigation by cpmpe- '-.-.
tent Government officials shows that the *
earlier reports of the Associated Press
were accurate. * > . . ;'¦' •* .¦ .
mm ORT'de FRANCE, ' Martin
lyV^^ lque. May 12.— It, now seems
H tf to be generally, admitted that
m » about 30,000 persons lost -their
_^£ lives as a' result of /the out
break of the Mont Pelee; vol-
This Is One Estimate
of Loss of Life at
Sti-~Pierre. -
THIRTY
THOUSAND
VICTIMS
Heminway of Indiana, the acting chair
man of the Appropriations Committee, se
cured unapimous consent for immediate
consideration. .The amount, he said, had
been. limited to $200,000 because the com
mittee was Informed that large contribu
tions were being made by private parties.
He specified one of $5000 made by a citizen
of Maine. Heminway urged the need of
prompt action,' saying thousands might
dle ; through delay. The text of the sub-
UBGES PEOMPT ACTION.
In view of the President's message urg
ing an appropriation of $500,000, the House
Committee on Appropriations immediately
reported a substitute to the Senate relief
bill making it $200,000 and placing its dis
position under the President of the United
States. . ' .: • •: >
- -The subject came up before the House
during the afternoon, the District of Co
lumbia measures being laid aside to per
mit the relief bill to be considered.
sufferers in the terrible calam
ity in the West Indies. House and Senate
promptly' decided to appropriate $200,000,
believing the balarice of the money need
ed in' relief work would come from, pri
vate* ¦'. subscription.
¦^ ' myALL BUREAU,. 1406 G
;JT "street, n. w., washing-
B ; . TON, May 12.— President
WL.-^S Roosevelt sent a message to
X&jg^ Congress to-day asking that
$500,000 be appropriated to aid
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Passage of the Bill
Appropriating
$200,000.
ACTION
IS VERY
PROMPT
"War of Steamship Companies Begins
and Will Be Fought to a *
Finish.
SEATTLE, May 12.— An Alaska trans
portation cut rate war, which probably
will be bitterly fought, with disastrous
results to the lines engaged in it and a
ccrjesponding benefit to the traveling
public, was Inaugurated this morning.
Before the day had closed tickets to Lynn
Canal points were selling at $7 60 and $3,
first and second class respectively. The
prevailing tariff has been $30 and $20.
ALASKAN TEANSPOBTATIOIT :
BATES TAKE A TUMBLE
ST. THOMAS. 'D. W-' L. May 12.-^.
Nothing exceptional, has occurred at
Dominica sine* last night. The'at
mosphere is now fine and reassuring.
Refugees from St. Vincent continue to ar- ,
rive at Dominica, - each repeating a piti
able tale of hardshipi and sufferings.- V
The United States ship Potomac .passed
Dominica to-day. Many empty canoes are
in the channel, being driven by wind and
current toward Point-a-Pitre. Guade
loupe. A few refugees from Martinique
have arrived at Dominica In a sloop. ;
The French cable ship Pouyer Quartler
is trying to repair the cable. It is report
ed'that she finds it sunk in 1200 metres
of water, where It was formerly only 400
metres below the surface.
No news has been received to-day from
Bt. v incent or Martinique,
OCEAN'S BED
SINKS WEAR
MARTINIQUE
ROME, May 12.— The Pope to-day sum
moned the French Emb'assador, M. Nis
ard, to the Vatican ant? ,'expressed to him
his keen sorrow on hearing of the St.
Pierre disaster. The '.Pontiff requested
that he be kept Informed .regarding the
details of the volcanic outbreak.
President Loubet replied:
"Am greatly touched by the mark of
sympathy which, in this terrible misfor
tune which has fallen, on France, your
Majesty deigiied to convey to me. I beg
you to accept my warm thanks and also
the gratitude of the victims whom you
-propose to succor." r ¦
"Profoundly moved by the news of the
terrible, catastrophe which haB just over
taken St. Pierre and which cost the lives
of nearly as many persons as perished at
Pompeii, 1 hasten to offer France my
most, sincere sympathy. May the Al
mighty comfort the hearts of those who
¦weep for their Irreparable losses. My Em
batsador will remit to jour Excellency
the sum of 10,000 marks in my name as a
contribution for the relief of the afflict
ed."
WIESBADEN, Province of Hesse-Nas
eau, Germany. May 12.— Emperor William
has telegraphed to President Loubet, in
French, as follows;
PARIS, May 12.— King Edward has sent
25,000 francs as his contribution to the
fund being raised for the relief of the suf
ferers from the Martinique disaster. The
Czar has telegraphed to President Lou
bet expressing the sincere sympathy of
himself and the Czarina, 'who share with
France the sorrow caused by the terrible
"West Indian catastrophe.
"Paris, May 1L President Roosevelt: I
thank your Excellency for the expression
of profound sympathy you sent me in the
name of the American people on the oc
casion of the awful catastrophe in the Isl
and cf Martinique. The French people
will certainly join me in thanks to the
American people. EMILE LOUBET."
"Washingtcn, " May 11, 1932. His
lency, Emile Loubet, President of the
French Republic: I pray your Excellency
to accept the profound sympathy of the
American people in the appalling calam
ity which has come upon the people of
the island cf Martinique.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
-r •* rASHINGTON. May 12.— Following
1/|/ is the text of the . telegrams be
' ' tween Presidents Roosevelt and
Loubet on the Martinique disas-
NATIONS JOIN
IN GIVING AID
TO AFFLICTED
The city has greatly quieted down since
the first shower of ashes, sand and mud
informed the inhabitants that Mont Pe
lee had burst forth. The Mayor, In co-op
eration with the military, put the town
under strict surveillance, and the hos
pitals have been prepared for the care of
the wounded. *•
It is expected immediate danger of riot
ing will be prevented as stores are com
ing In from neighboring islands. .
A strong detachment of soldiers has
been placed over the stores of food that
are being rapidly gathered here from all
quarters.
These people, chiefly negroe.3,
are mad with hunger and have made
lierce attacks on the military guard plac
ed in the capital.
FORT DE FRANCE. May 12.—
The city is full of refugees
brought from neighboring vil
lages about St. Pierre. Others
have come in from the coun
» try districts about ttiis town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Some Refugees Made
Mad by Pangs of
Hunger.
NEGROES
ATTACK
GUARDS
AWFUL SCENES IN ST. PIERRE'S RUINS
ident of the United States to send a mes
sage of condolence to the Government of
France.
Fitzgerald of New Toric sought to have
the amount amended to $300,000 in accor
dance with the President's recommenda
tion, but In view of the unanimous action
of the committee the amendment was not
pressed. The bill was passed, 196 to 9.
Those voting in the negative -were: Bur
gess of Texas-, Clayton of Alabama.
Gaines of Tennessee, Tate of Texas, Moon
of Tennessee. Snodgrass of Tennessee,
Tate of Georgia, Underwood of Alabama
and Williams of Mississippi. .
The bill for the relief of the Martinique
sufferers, as amended by the House, in
creasing the amount from $100,000 to $200,
000 was laid before the Senate.
Cullom, chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, said -that whatever
might be ' the action of the committee
hereafter on the President's request fez
$500,000, the $200,000 should be appropriated
without delay.
The amendment was agreed to and Ou
bill sent to. the President for his sign*.
ture.
"The Government of France, -while ex
pressing its thanks for the marks of sym
pathy which have reached them from
America, informs us that Foi$ de France
and the entire island of Martinique are
still threatened. They therefore request
that, for the purpose of rescuing the peo
ple who are in such deadly peril and
threatened with starvation, the Govern
ment of the United States may send as
soon as possible the' means of transport-'
Ing them from the stricken Island. The
island of St. Vincent and perhaps others
in that region are also ' seriously men
aced by the calamity which has taken so
appalling a form in Martinique. I have,
directed the Departments of the Treasury.
of i War and of the. Navy to take such
measures for the relief of these stricken
people as lie within the executive discre
tion, and I earnestly commend this case
of unexampled disaster to the generous
consideration of the Congress. For this
purpose J, recommend that an appropria
tion of $500,000 be made, to be Immediately
available.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
"White House, ¦Washington, May 12.
1902."
¦W -r r ASHINGTON. May 12.— The Prea
\A/ ident to-day sent the following
* » • message to Congress:
"To the Senate and House of
Representatives: One of the greatest
calamities known to history haa fallen on
the neighboring island of Martinique. Th*
Consul of the United States at Guadeloupe
has telegraphed from Fort de France un
der date of yesterday, that the disaster is
complete— that the «lty of St, Pierre haa
ceased to exist and that the American
Consul and his family have perished. He
Is informed that 30,000 people have lost
their lives and that 50,000 are homeless
and hungry; that there is urgent need ot
all kinds of provisions, and that the visit
of vessels for the work of supply and res
cue is imperatively required.
ASKS LARGE
APPROPRIATION
IN MESSAGE
A USTIN, Tex., May 12.— A diS
jA - patch from Guadalajara. Mex
/| ico, says: The Colima vol
/ W ca no shows strong Indications
/ m ot an eruption and the inhab
•*• ¦*- itants living in the valley at
its base are moving to a safe
distance from the peak, from which
smoke and puffs of flame have been belch
ing forth for several days past. Mount
Colima has been showing indications of
renewed activity for several weeks past
and this threatening condition caused .the
work of constructing the extension of the
Mexican Central Railroad to Manzanillo.
passing near to the base of the moun
tain, to cease temporarily. Since tho
catastrophe at St. Pierre the people of the
Colima district are very uneasy and It
will take very little demonstration, on the
part of the volcano to produce a panic.
The route of the Mexican Central exten
sion will . probably be changed in order
to avoid any possible disaster that am
eruption might bring. ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Strong Indications of
Eruption Shown
by Volcano.
COLIMA
GROWING
UNEASY
: Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Pile-
No cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where It falls to cure any case of niles
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases, in six days; worm cases in fourteen dava
One application gives ease . and rest. Rel<eve>
itching instantly. This is a new discovery ' aBd
is the only pile remedy sold on positive iuar
antee," no cure, no pay. .A free sample will h.
sent by mail to any one sending name and ail
dress. Price, 50c. • If your druggist don't keen
It in stock send 60c In stamps and we win fois.
ward full' size box by mall. Manufactured hv
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. Louis. Mo .who
also manufacture the . celebrated cold "cuml<
Laxative : Bromo-Qulnina Tablets. - •
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
GILROY, May 12.— About 150 delegates
to the Grand Lodge of Independent Order
of Odd' Fellows and the California Re
bckah Assembly made an' excursion trip
to Gilroy to-day to visit the Odd Fellows'
Orphans' •Home," which . Is established
here. The train arrived at noon and tha
excursionists were taken at once to the
home, where luncheon was served by the
local 'lodges ? of Rebekahs :and Odd. Fel
lows, j The afternoon was : passed in in
specting the . home, ' and the visitors ex
pressed themselves as pleased with the
excellent management of the institution.
Odd Fellows Visit Orphans' Home.
An evidence ot. the swlftnessof the on
slaught ' of the . fire .:. is found ; in the fact
that none of the victims was blinded, al
though" the* eyelids • 6f most f of j themVare
nearly b'ufned through: All' those' saved,
The village of Irrine, south of St. Pierre,
was almost entirely. burned and almost all
the inhabitants were killed. One of the
survivors of Irrine, who will die,; says the
sea, boiling hot, invaded -the'' land. . .Six
women; .'whose bodies are one solid, burn,
are writhing in another ward of the hos
pital. Ten jvomen J f rom : Irrine/^ severely
burned, were brought in, and ; four •. of
them have died.. It is, doubtful if. any of
the six. still alive. can recover.' '
In ".a hospital 'were fifteen injured per
sons from Cartel village; four miles from
St. Pierre.' - ~ • •"• ,
SOME FEARFUL INJURIES.
"Some men from sinking ships got to
the shore, but they were burned up there.
At; no time was there any earthquake,
but big stones were rained down and fell
like rain for a long time." , ; >. . ; .
"That cloud," continued Prudent, "was
bigger, it seemed, than' the mountain.
The fire burned the city everywhere at
once. Near me I saw only- dead men, but
on shore I saw men. and women: rushing
back a»d forth amid the flames for an
hour. They would not run long.' Then
came that choking smoke and they would
drop like dead flies. The explosion, smuko
arid fire all came and went in three min
utes, but the city burned for three hours.
Then every house was finished, anil noth
ing alive was left. -' ¦' '
From the Italian ship Teresa Lovico
several men were saved, but they are in
a frightful state, except Jean Louis Pru
dent of St. Pierre. Although* on deck
and unprotected he/was little burned.
Prudent says there was first an awful
noise of 'explosion and then, right away,
a cyclone of ' smoke V and fire, . but such
was' the poisonous, choking nature" of the
smoke that it burned worse than ¦ the
fire. When it struck the people they fell
dead. The cyclone of gas. tore the masts
out of ships, blew others up and sunk
some of them. Soon , afterward came a
wave of fire bigger than the smoke cloud.
too brave to be burned to death. Angelo
further asserted that the storm of fire
lasted not more than five minutes. Jo
seph Breckels, a seaman 50 years of age,
is so frightfully burned that he 'cannot
live, having inhaled flames. Other men
of the. Roraima who were rescued are
Salvador Acello and Joseph Suslno. .
ONRUSH OF THE FIRE.
Francisco Angelo, who speaks poor Eng
lish, vividly described* the bririish'bf fire."
He says the captain was -a brave; man,
Gus Linder, the quartermaster of the
steamer,, who is horribly • burned . and can
hardly talk, confirmed this. V-
Ben Benson, the carpenter of the Ro
raima, • said : "I was on deck amidships
when I heard the explosion. The cap
tain ordered me to up the anchor. I got
the windlass but when the fire came I
went into the forecastle and got my
clothes. When I came out I talked with
Captain Mauggah. Mr. Scott, the first of
ficer, and others. They had been on the
bridge. The captain was horribly burn
ed. He had inhaled flames and wanted to
jump into the sea. I tried | to make him
take a life preserver. The captain, who
was .undressed, jumped -overboard, and*
hung on to a line for a while, when he
disappeared."
"I never can forget the horrid", fiery,
choking whirlwind which enveloped me,"
eald Evans. I'Morris and L rushed below.
We are not very badly burned— not so bad
as most of them. When the fire came we
were going to our posts— we are en
gineers—to weigh anchor and get out.
When we came up we found the . ship
afire aft and fought it forward until 3
o'clock, when the Suchet came to our res
cue. We were then building a raft."
The stories of the survivors added to
the awful details of the particularly har
rowing account of the. loss of the British
steamer Roraima. C. C. Evans of Mon
treal and John G. Morris of New York,
who are now at the military hospital of
Fort de France, say the vessel arrived at
6o|clock. As eight bells was struck a
frightful explosion was heard up the
mountain. • The cloud of fire, toppling and
roaring, swept with lightning speed down
the mountain and over the town and bay.
The Roraima was nearly sunk and caught
fire at once. :
STORIES OF SURVIVORS.
At the request of A. McAllister, United
States Consul at Barbadoes, Captain Da
vis and the Solent were, placed at his dis
posal by the Barbadoes government. The
Solent arrived at about the same time-as
the Associated Press steamer and brought
to St". Pierre tho Colonial Secretary, two
civil doctors, two military officers and Dr.
W. E. Aughinbaugh of Washington, as
well as a corporal and four hospital or
derlies, three trained nurses and a full
field hospital outfit. The Barbadoes gov
ernment also sent 700 barrels . of provi
sions, one ton of ice and a full supply of
medicine. These were useful, but the dead
needed only quick burial. .
' A. G. Austen, a manager'of the Colonial
Bank of Barbadoes, landed at St. Pierre
with a party from the British Royal Mail
steamer Solent. He found the bank clock
stopped at some minutes before 8 o'clock.
A horse and buggy and a policeman were
in a dead group at the door. .
Careful inspection showed that the fiery
stream which so completely destroyed St.
Pierre must have been composed of pois
onous gases, which instantly' suffocated,
every one who. inhaled them, and of other
gases burning furiously, for nearly all the
victims had their hands covering their
mouths or were in some other attitude
showing that they had sought relief from
suffocation. All the bodies were carbon
ized or roasted.
POISONOUS GASES.
awful, • overpowering stench from the
thousands of dead.
In one corner twenty-two- bodies of men.
women and children were mixed in one
awful mass, arms and legs protruding' as
the helpless beings fell in the last strug
gles of death's agony. Through the mid
dle of the old Place Bertln ran a tiny
stream, the remains of the river. Great
trees, with roots upward and scorched by
fire, were strewn in every direction. Huge
blocks and still hot stones were scattered
about. From under one large stone tho
arm of a white woman protruded. Most
notable was the utter ; silence and • the
With great difficulty a landing was ef
fected. Not one house was . left intact.
Viscid heaps of mud, of brighter ashes,
or piles of volcanic stones were seen on
every side. The streets could hardly be
traced. Here and there amid the ruins
were heaps of corpses. Almost all the
faces/were downward.
The still smoking 1 , volcano towered above
the ash-covered hills. The ruins were
burning in many places and frightful
odors of burned flesh filled the air.
• The city of SL Pierre stretched nearly
two miles along the water front and half
a mile back ' to a cliff at the base of the
volcano. The houses of the richer French
families were built of stone.
NO HOUSE LEFT INTACT.
The whole north end of the island was
covered with, a silver gray. coating of
ashes resembling: dirty snow. Furious
blasts of fire, ashes and mud swept over
the steamer, but finally St. Pierre was
reached. '
• At Le Precheur, five miles north oi
St. Pierre, canoes with men and women,
frantic to get away, begged for a passage
on the steamer.
The Associated Press steamer) charter
ed in Guadeloupe, neared Martinique at
6:30 Sunday morning. The island, with its
lofty hills, was hidden behind a huge veil
of violet-colored haze. Enormous quan
tities of the wreckage *of large and small
ships, and houses strewed, the • surf ace of
the sea. Huge trees and too often bodies,
with flocks of sea, gulls soaring above
and hideous sharks fighting about them,
were floating here and there. From be
hind the volcanic veil came blasts of hot
wind, mingled with others ice cold. >
% Thirty thousand corpses are strewn
about, buried in the ruins of St. Pierre
or else floating, gnawed by sharks, in the
surrounding seas. Twenty-eight charred,
half-dead human beings were brought
here. Sixteen of .. them are already dead
and onlif four of the whole number are
expected to recover.
THIRTY THOUSAND COBPSES.
The British steamer- -Roraima reached
St. Pierre" on Thursday with"- ten passen
gers, among whom* were : ; : Mrs. Stokes
and her .three children . arid . Mrs. H. J.
Jrice. _ They were watching/ the rain of
ashes, .when with , a frightful roar and
terrific electric - discharges a tornado of
fire, 'steam and mud swept down from
.the crater over the town and bay, sweep
ing allbefcre. It ?and destroying the fleet
of vessels'' at j anchor off the shore. There
the accounts of .the. -catastrophe, so far as
obtainable, cease.
Thomas on the north to Barbadoes on the
south. The cannonading ceased on Wed
nesday night and fine ashes fell like rain
on St. Pierre. The inhabitants were
alarmed, but Governor Mouttet, who had
arrived at St.- Pierre" the evening before,
did everything possible to allay the panic.
Underwood of Alabama said that he was
opposed to the measure and would vote
against it. -Members were not here, he
sa{d, to legislate upon the impulse of their
heartstrings. . . He believed , it would
have been more appropriate for the Pres-
NINE IN THE NEGATIVE.
"In the execution of this act, the Pres
ident is requested to ask and obtain the
approval of the Frenc.i Government and
he is hereby authorize! to employ any
vessels of the United States navy and to
charter and employ any other suitable
steamships or vessels."
stitute as presented was as follows:
"ToXenable the President of the United
States\ to procure and distribute among
the suffering and destitute people of the
islands of the French "West Indies such
provisions, clothing, medicines and other
necessary articles and to take such other
steps as he shall deem. advisable, for the
purpose of relieving and succoring the
people who are in peril and threatened
with starvation, the sum of 1200,000 13
hereby appropriated.
-"The- French.. cable line, via. Europe, is
now the only means . of telegraphic com
munication with the outside world. The
demands made upon this line are extreme
ly heavy. - - :." "- '
The coast villages near St. Pierre were
destroyed simultaneously with that town.
The entire island, up to within a few
miles of Fort de France, is covered, with
mud- arid ashes. The cattle of the island
are: either "all -dead or dying. The streams
have dried up or are polluted. . Thousands
of persons are flocking to Fort de France.
Unless 'relief is promptly sentj famine "it
imminent and there is urgent need for the
services of the Red Cross Society.
Last Saturday,* after ten hours' work,
a captain and a detail of soldiers found
2,500,000 francs in. the Bank of Martinique.
The vaults of the . English Bank at St.
Pierre i were found to be intact and were
not opened. - .• . . . •
Three hours' exploration of the ruins oft
St. Pierre resulted in the finding 'of no
trace of the American Consulate. Con
sul Thomas T. Prentis, his wife and
two ''daughters are undoubtedly dead.
That quarter of the city is still a vast
mass of blazing ruins. Nor has any trace
been found of James Japp, the British
Consul. Mr. Japp had a large family at
St. Pierre. "
The United States Vice Consul at St.
Pierre Amedee Testart, reached the deck
of. tho Roddam. only to fall back into the
sea dead.
DEATH OF CONSTJIiS. *
The British steamer Roddam had an
chored, but Captain- Freedman, although
horribly burned,- managed to keep on the
bridge of his vessel.. Everybody on the
Roddam's deck was instantly killed, but
with the assistance of hi3 third engineer
and. a fireman, who were wounded, the
captain brought his vessel to St. Lucia.
Many persons tried to reach the Roddam,
but lnvafn. " '
except the engineers of the Roraima, are
poor sailors and Martinique negroes. No
one knows how the passengers of the
steamer perished, and it is impossible to
get a. full ; list of the vessel's lost. The
cable repair ship Grappler was lost with
all on board, as , was the French vessel
Tamaya. , There .were eighteen or .twenty
vessels in the roadstead at the time of the
disaster. '
MORNE ROUGE, THE BEAUTI
FUL RESORT " NEAR ST.
PIERRE, WAS NOT INJURED.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1902.
2
| Torpid Liver
B When your complexion is
» sallow, and you are troubled
i with Constipation, Malaria,
« Sick Headacne and other Liv~
ft er Complaints, take
& Hor4rford 9 *
I Acid
I Phosphate
g It stimulates healthy liver
m activity, increases the flow of
H bile, improves appetite, pro-
k motes digestion, enriches tho
B blood, and improves the whole
If system.
(J. tantafi um «e «¦¦.' OUbJU jmtk»n>
I Sailor Wash Hats
¦ Here is the swellest thing of the season for boys and girls, and f-
B even ladies can wear them as outing hats.
1- . They are sailor hats made of wash materials in ; blue, white, \ |
1 pink, brown, tan, red and ox-blood, comprising eighteen different . i
B styles in various trimmings.; some come with patent leather '¦
; H. crowns and brims; all have very flexible brims and the crowns- ¦
¦ are in round and square shapes. '..
| The hats came a short time ago from New York and are the
I very.latest for summer wear. See the display of them in the boys' i
¦ '.. ¦ clothing window; the prices ranee •¦M'i-sv^
I 45c, 75c, §l.O0 and $1.50
i Straw hats .in rough and smooth braids, walking or fedora
I shapes, 50c to .
Out-of'iown orders filled— write us.General Weston said this afternoon,
"The supplies ordered to be shipped will
lest 50,000 people twenty days, within
which time additional food can reach the
island."
Supplies collected In New Tork will be
put on board the training ship Dixie,
•which will sail on Wednesday. Should it
be impossible to place all the stores
aboard within that time she will sail, and
the remainder will be put on the Buffalo,
which Secretary Moody ordered to-day to
discontinue loading for Manila and pre
pare for departure for Martinique.
Secretary Moody expressed gratification
this afternoon over the fact that the tug
The receipt of the President's instruc
tion was followed by immediate activity
on the part of the War and Navy officials.
Ey direction of Secretary Root, Major.
General Corbin sent a letter to Brigadier
General Weston, commissary general;
Brigadier General Ludington, quarter
master general, and Surgeon General
Stcrnberg, directing them, to make all
r.ccessary preparations to accomplish tha
provision of the relief bill pending In
Congress without delay, in case it shall
become a law. and the quartermaster
greneral, commissary general and surgeon
general, will designate' an officer from
each department to hold informal meet-
Ings and arrange suitable allotments of
stores of their several departments that
will best meet the needed relief.
In anticipation of relief supplies, Briga
dier General Weston telephoned on Satur
day to Lieutenant Colonel Brainerd, com
missary officer at New Tork, to make
preparations for assembling large quanti
ties of stores.
Telegraphic instructions were sent to
that officer this afternoon to purchase
JT'.'.OOO worth of rice, codfish, tea, coffee,
sugar, canned chicken, soup, hard bread,
bacon and small quantities of salt, pep
per, vinegar and condensed cream.
Major H. J. Gallagher, who was chief
commissary officer of the China relief ex
pedition, was ordered to take charge of
the distribution of supplies, and he was
e'lotted $5000 to pay for transportation
and other expenses. Quartermaster Gen
eral Ludington ordered $20,000 worth of
clothing, and Surgeon General Sternberg
purchased $.3000 worth of medical stores.
TO FEED FIFTY THOUSAND.
IMMEDIATE ACTIVITY.
ALL BUREAU. 1406 G
/T ? STREET. N*. W.. WASH1NG-
Q TON, May 12.— President
\bl J Roosevelt slashed red tape
to-day with an energy that
shocked departmental law
' yers. His purpose was to
promptly dispatch relief for ' the suffer
ers of Martinique and St. Vincent, and
fo well have his Instructions been carried
out that supplies are now on their way
to the distressed islands,. and more will
immediately follow.
The collier Sterling with navy stores
£.nd voluntary contributions is believed
to have left San Juan for Fort de France.
The ocean-going tug Potomac will arrive
to-night at Fort de France. The Cincin
nati left Santo Domingo this morning for
the same destination. The Dixie with
570.000 worth of supplies will sail from
New York on Wednesday. The Buffalo
has been ordered to hold herself in read
iness to proceed to Martinique. Two
barges will probably start to-morrow
from Key West and Norfolk, conveying
good water to the thirsty islanders.
The importance cf President Roose
velt's action will be understood when it is
known that he acted in the face of an ob
jection of one of the members of his Cabi
net that he had no legal sanction for ex
pending public money without specific
authority of Congress. .
President Roosevelt's answer was an In
struction to Secretary Hay, which caused
that official to address this communica
tion to the Secretaries of War, Navy and
the Treasury:
"The President directs me to express to
you his wish that your departments go
to the furthest limits of executive discre
tion in the work of relief and rescue in
the afflicted islands of the Caribbean."
The President had been moved to take
this action by the dispatch from Consul
Ayme stationed at Guadeloupe, who, un
der an instruction from Secretary Hay,
had made a personal investigation of the
conditions In Martinique.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUCCOR
SENT BY
NATION
UNCLE SAM'S SHIPS CARRYING RELIEF
N THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 13; 1902.
Enough Food on Way
to Feed Fifty
Thousand.
• Built in. the yards of John H." Dialogue
& Son, Camdan, N. J., the M. E/ Lucken
bach -was 'launched in 1898. Her hull and
deckhouse are of milled steel. The ves
sel is ; 159 feet iri; length, over all, 27 feet
breadth of : beam and 16feet molded
depth 1 of hold. 1 . /
The Luckenbach holds . the . record for
the ' longest tow of any American vessel
She towed a dredge and smaller tugboat
« - ..M..-E.' Luckenbach, which has been
chartered by The Call and the Herald and
is now: hastening to, Martinique, -is espe
cially fitted for the work., Capable of at
taining a . speed of ; fourteen knots an
hour,; the engine of the M. E. Luckenbach
develops 1200 horsepower and the bunkers
hold<300 ,tons at coal. Under Captain'
Thomas W. Betts, assisted by Captain W.
H. . Hardy, the -Luckenbach passed the
capes of -Virginia at 6:30 o'clock last even
ing. Nearly. 1260 knots must be traveled
by,, the big tugboat before she reaches
San Juan, Porto Rico, her first stop, and
with favorable weather she could make
that "port, by Friday morning. Her coal
supply will , be replenished. there. '
» tEW; YORK, May 12.— The most pow
i\ erf ul of the; many ocean going tug
•* '-boats along the Atlantic coast, i the
WILL DEPART
FROM THE LAND
OF VOLCANOES
¦¦ w- ' ONDON, May 12.— Far-reaching so
¦'§ cial.and economic consequences are
¦¦ V expected In England to follow the
destruction of St. Pierre and revival
of volcariic commotion in ether parts of
the' lesser Antilles. It is expected that
the. currents of European emigration will
be diverted from the disturbed regions
and a majority of the white people there
will seek an early opportunity to escape.
; Sir Clement Markham, the famous ex
plorer, says: "Men cannot live in a" world
of . fire; ; cinders and smoke. " Hereafter
great, industries and complex civilizations
are not likely to grow up under the awful
menace; of a volcano." ~.
Business men -who have heavy invest
ments In the West Indies are trying to
calm/ the fears . of commercial classes as
to the extent' of -what has taken place
and ¦ as' to what . may , be expected, j 'It. is
impossible to' avert a tremendous slump
in West Indian properties. %The economic
condition of many of - t the islands is al
ready bad, and it is believedi that, the
present ¦. series • of disasters will complete
their commercial undoing. .
Some Prefer the jOval
And colonial ' styles of "picture frames in
gold: -some, admire thequaint shapes In
Flemish.Sold Dutch, and ebony,' but all
who have . seen' bur stock >¦ agree that we
have the prettiest, ¦ most varied and most
reasonably * priced ;•;. picture ¦¦'.¦ frames ever
seen" in : San Francisco. :¦ Sanborn," Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. BtHtefinHL*JI
SWIFT CRAFT
BEARING THE
CALL'S STAFF
The geological ¦ survey ; here is making
arrangements to send -two- geologists to
The island of Guadeloupe, which also
belongs to France, is small and well pop
ulated, and distress would be caused if
the 155,000. persons who are alive in Mar
tinique should be brought to their Island.
The British .islands probably waiit no
more negro population, and as the Dan
ish West Indies are practically the prop
erty of this Government, they could not
be .used as. colonization ground. • France
must, .therefore/consider what shall be
done with the people. :Of course, for the
immediate relief • of the inhabitants, any
island would permit . the establishment
within its territory of a. refugee .'camp,
but it would object to the permanent lo
cation of the refugees on its' soil. It. Is
expected, that France .will consider, this
phase of the" matter arid: may. make some
arrangements in case. the future occupa
tion of Martinique should' be impossible,'
to 'transport . the islanders to .other ;. ter
ritories, over, which her flag "flies. '
The United States cannot receive them,
nor would it permit the introduction of
so much labor into Porto Rico.
One of the important problems which
must confront France is the transfer of
L-e remaining residents ; of Martinique
from that island in case, as is reported,
its surface should be covered by lava and
ashes and It should be unfit for- future
habitation. .;.-...
TRANSFER OF ISLANDERS.
Secretary Moody will - consider • to-mor
row the advisability of adopting Rear Ad
miral Bradford's suggestion.
Press dispatches this morning called at
tention to the unsuitableness of the- water
of Martinique for drinking purposes.
"It has occurred to the bureau that ref
ugees from the island of Martinique may
suffer for want . of water. Naturally the
surface water would be strongly impreg
nated with sulphur and is therefore.un
suitable for drinking purposes. There is
a good water barge at Key West, with, a
capacity of 175,000 gallons, ready. for im
mediate use. There is another at Norfolk,
with a capacity- of 400,000 gallons, ready
for immediate use. j They might be towed
to whatever location is selected for a
camp for the refugees at once. They can
be refilled at Kingston, Jamaica, or: Cape
Haytien, Hayti, where there is good wa
ter In abundance." : ¦¦¦'¦ ••¦•
orandum the need of good water in Mar- i
Unique. ,-..'..
"All aft of the ship was afire and from
the land came draughts of terrible heat.
At last, when I could stand it no longer,
I sprang overboard, thinking that I might
swim to the mouth of the harbor and
thus escape. The water was almost hot
SPRINGS OVERBOARD.
"It soon became unbearably hot in. the
room, and I made up my mind that it
would be better outside. I went on deck
to find a scene which will never fade
from my mind. All about were lying the
dead and the dying. All were . covered
with hot mud and with ashes. The dying
were suffering terrible torture. Little
children were moaning for water. I did
what I could for them, but It was very
little.' I obtained water, but when it was
held, to their swollen lips they .were
unable to swallow because • . of . the
ash'es which clogged their throats.
One little chap took water into ;hi3
mouth', and rinsed out the ashes, but even
then could not swallow, so badly was his
throat burned. He sank back uncon
scious and a few minutes later was dead.
"The ship rocked and I expected every
moment that it would sink. Outside I
heard a voice pleading for the door to be
opened. I recognized the voice as that
of Mr. Scott, the first officer, and I
opened the door and dragged him into the
room. When we did this the heat rushed
in blistering Thomas' face. We three and
Thompson, the assistant purser, and
sixty-eight souls, were the only ones who
escaped without serious injuries.
"Seeing the Roddam, which had ar
rived In . port soon after we anchored,
making for the Roraima, I said good-by
to Captain Muggah and swam to the
Roddam. Before I could reach her she
burst into flames and put out to sea. I
finally reached the Roraima again.'about
2:30 o'clock in the afternoon, and' later
was taken off by a- boat from the French
cruiser Suchet. .
Martinique to ascertain changes since the
volcanic' eruptions "took place.. ¦ .'"''•
PAiRTS FROM MTJGGAH.
"Picking up some wreckage and a tool
chest, I and five others, who Joined me,
succeeded frf forming a rude | raft/ on
which we placed the captain.. Seeing an
upturned boat, I asked one of the five to
swim, out to it and bring it over so that
Captain Muggah might have an oppor
tunity ; to live. The man' was a native of
Martinique. ' He succeeded In getting the
boat righted, but, instead of returning he
picked up two of his countrymen and-went
awayjn the direction of. Fort de France. :
enough to parboil me, but. a wave soon'
swept in from the ocean, bringing' with it
cool water, that made life possible.' I was
caught. In the receding wave, which was
of tidal velocity, and was carried out to
sea. Then on the second return of the
wave I was • washed against an up
turned *sloop, to which I clung. A. few
minutes later I was joined by another
man, burne'd and disfigured to such an
extent that ,1 did hot recognize- him. I
soon learned from his talk, which. was de
lirious,-that he was Captain- Muggah of
theltoraima. He was in dreadful, agony
and kept begging piteously to be put on
board his ship. . .';..:;
The Dixie will therefore visit St. Vin
cent as well as Martinique and Dominica
if that island has suffered. In view of the
failure of Lieutenant McCdrmick, com
manding the Potomac, to make any report
on conditions in Dominica, which island
he. touched to-day, it is believed that it
has not suffered any ill effects from the
earthquake. Rear , Admiral Bradford,
chief- of the bureau of equipment,, point
ed out to Secretary Moody in^ this mem-.
Thus the United States will by the lat
ter part of this week have four and pos
sibly five war vessels at Martinique, a
force which will be useful for the distri
bution of supplies and aiding in preserv
ing order. It Is presumed here that Con
sul Ayme's statement In his dispatch
that the presence of warships would be
valuable was made upon the suggestion
of the Governor of Martinique, who is
now believed to be alive. Undoubtedly
there is considerable looting and lawless
ness among the 50,000 homeless people,
and if the French authorities desire It
American ships will land bluejackets and
marines. Secretary Moody drew up care
ful instructions this afternoon to Com
mander Eerrie, -commanding the Dixie.
They directed him to receive commissary
stores and representatives of the army
and proceed with them to Martinique and
other' islands of the West Indies. Tile
President's instructions contemplate the
distribution of relief In. all "afflicted isl
ands of the Caribbean." j
UNCLE SAM'S FORCE.
The Cincinnati left early this morning
for Martinique, and she will arrive at
that port to-morrow.
Secretary Root called on Secretary
Moody just before the close of. office
hours and suggested that there were some
army stores at San Juan. These will also
go on the Sterling.
Captain Yates Sterling, commandant of
the naval station at " San Juan, cabled
Secretary Moody that charitable institu
tions of the island had collected a quan
tity of . stores, and he suggested . that he
be allowed to use the collier Sterling to
transport them. Permission was given
him, and he was further instructed to
send on this vessel any naval stores
which might be on hand.
Potomac left yesterday for Fort de
France. She touched to-day, according
to a message he received, at Dominica, an
island a -short distance ] from Martinique,
and she ought to reach her destination to
night.
I*. ? : ...-w.-.«.-- ¦¦-.-- • ¦ , ?
ST KITTS, Island of Chris
topher. B. W. I., May 12.—
James Taylor, who lives in tnis
city and who was one of. the
officers of the , Roraima, the
Quebec line steamship which
was destroyed in the harbor of
St. Pierre, has given to the correspondent
of The Call this account of the tragedy of
last Thursday:
"We left Dominica for St. Pierre at
midnight on Wednesday and arrived at
our place of destination about 7 o'clock
the next morning. We experienced the
greatest difficulty In getting to port, ow
ing to the ashes which filled the- air. The
darkness was Intense and we had to grope
our way to anchorage.
"Appalling sounds were issuing from
the mountains behind the town, which
were shrouded in darkness. Thunder
seemed to come out of the air and up
from the earth. Ashes were falling upon
the deck, but not in such quantities as
to keep the passengers below. All were
watching the awful sight spread out be
fore us. Some were trying to obtain
photographs. ••[:'-.;
"Suddenly I heard a tremendous ex
plosion. Ashes began to fall thicker upon
the deck and I could see a black -cloud
sweeping down upon us. I dived- below,
and dragging with me Samuel Thoma3,
a gangway man and a fellow countryman
of mine, sprang into a room, shutting the
door to keep out the heat that was al
ready unbearable. *
Not unknown to the M. E. Luckenbach
is.the;route she is now traveling, for in
April, 1901, she went to the island of St.
Thomas' and brought to New York the
Norwegian bark Simeon.
' Besides ¦ being equipped " with i powerful
fire-fighting apparatus and wrecking
pumps , the tugboat carries a portable
boiler and spare . pump, and is : equipped
with a huge towing machine aft. In ad
dition" to' the correspondents, artists arid
photographers on board the ; Luckenbach
there is a crew of fourteen men. ;
from- Philadelphia to Carthagena, Co
lombia, in 1900. i She has been to Havana,
and trips to Bermuda are common : en
tries in her logbook.
Not far from the Roraima lay the cable
ship Grappler, opposite the Uslne Guerin.
The Grapplcr was swept by the same
wave' of flame that destroyed the Ro
raima. It took fire* suddenly and blew
iipi .disappearing instantly. Thomas be-
•The child was alive long after its
mother, had ceased to suffer. It seemed to
Thomas as If the entire world was afire.
Sailors believed the end of the world had
arrived 'and many died while oh their
knees, praying for salvation. Material in
the forepart of the ship,- which quickly
took fire; was thrown overboard by
Thomas and the other two who were least
injured.*-; . .
MANY DIE* PRAYING.
Thomas describes a woman who was
burned to death while she held her baby
in her aims, protecting it with her own
body from the fire that filled the air.
Samuel Thomas, a gangwayman, whose
life was saved by the thoughtfulness of
Taylor, says the scene on the burning
ship was terrible. The groans and cries
of the dying, for whom nothing could be
done, were enough to drive one crazy.
. "Twenty : four ".were- tak^ri: off> with me,
Of. these three died before Teaching Fort
de France. Others have since died, but I
understand that the following are likely
to . recover: Miss Stokes ,and nurse, pas
sengers; Thompson, tne third ' mate;
Evans, the second engineer; Morris, the
fourth engineer; Venon, the carpenter;
Eddie, a messman, and Guiseppi; a sailor.
After 'spending the night in Fort de
France I was picked up by the Korona
and was brought here."
lieves; the'" Grappler's boilers exploded.
The body : of i-the. Grappler's,cap*aln was
picked : up 'by ,'a bo'at'from the Suchet.
Survivors of the Roraima Describe the Horror of the Wave of Fire
That Destroyed St. Pierre and the Ships in the Harbor.
I PRINCIPAL TOWN OF ST. VINCENT ISLAND REPORTED SAFE, ALTHOUGH FREQUENTLY SHOWERED WITH CINDERS
m tEW YORK, May 12.— From the last
l\f issue of the New York Maritime
-a't Register it appears that the fol
lowing merchant vessels should
have been in the" roadstead at St. Pierre
on the njorning of Thursday, May 8, at
the time of the eruption of Mont Pe!ee:
Italian bark Albanez, Captain Albanez.
220 tons."
American schooner Anne J. Morse, Cap
tain Crocker, 651 tons.
British schooner Canadian, Captain
Musner. 108 tons.
American barkentine L. W. Morton.
Captain Parks, 464 tons.
French bark Mislty, Captain Crado, 312
tons.
Italian bark Nord America, Captain Cal
iento, 55S tons.
Italian bark Peppo, Captain Lariello,
3B5 tons.
British steamship Roddam, Captain
Freeman, 15C5 tons.
British steamship Roraima, Captain
Muggah, 1761 tons.
Italian bark Sacro Cruore, Captain Eaa
ano, 558 tons. •
Italian bark San Antonio, Captain Arls
tata, 592 tons.
French bark Tamaya. Captain M. llor
itz, or Agusse. 459 tons.
Italian bark Teresa Lo Vieo. Captain
, Fentara. 563 tons. .
The following vessels had cleared for
the island of Martinique and may have
been at St. Pierre:.
French bark Marie Helen, Captain Ar
naud. 344. tons. - .,
Norwegian bark Smart, Captain Aasen,
47S tons.
SHIPS LIKELY
TO BE AMONG
THOSE LOST
SILENCE
OF IONA
BROKEN
Only Volcano in the
United States Is
Smoking.
County, Nebr.. where the
mountain is situated, by travelers Who
say that settlers in the neighborhood are
panic-stricken and are preparing to leave
the country. The mountain is situated on
the Missouri River, 150 miles abov*
Omaha, and while not of great heigh.. Is
high compared to the surrounding coun
try. For years it has been a sacred placa
with the Indians and it was near there'
that the last bis sun darnqe was held, in
1S7S." No Indian will go to the mountain
itself, as it lias Ion?? been known as a hill
of fire. Lewis and Clarkt In their explor
ing expedition in 1S97, landed at the place
and reported to the Government that they
had discovered a small volcano on th>»
banks of the Missouri. Geologists have
said that the volcano is caused from wa
ter sweeping through the limestone for
mation of the mountain, but the people
are fearful of an eruption and are pre
paring to move.
OMAHA, May 12.— Mount Iona.
the only volcano In ¦ the United
States, 13 to-day sending: out
smoke and steam after a si
lence of thirty years. These
reports are brought from Cedar
Special Dispatch to The Call-
3
DE. PIERCE'S BEMEDIES.
A car-load of .Call Superior
Atlases has arrived and they'
are -.now ready for distribu-
tion. • : All subscribers to The
Call: are 'entitled to n copy of
this grent book at' the prem-
ium rate' of 91 CO. Oat ot
town subscribers des trine '«.
copy . of *tnls splendid prem-
ium will be supplied on re-
ceipt of $1 \ GO. All \ mail
orders rt II 1 be * shipped by ex-
press nt- subscriber's expenne.
CHUM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
I To dress well I
1 does not require a large, expense— it merely in- I
I -• volves good judgrhent in selecting a reliable value . .ft
I at a price consistent with the quality. I
I :' ; ; Our made-to-order clothing is sold at the I
I -very lowest prices the quality of the goods and a |
I .safe business policy warrant. ... , |
I Through many advantages we are in a posi- 1
| J tion to offer the best made-to-order clothing for B
I the price of any store on this Coast. I
1 This fact is vividly exemplified in the wear > I
I of our garments. |
| Protection with every purchase — a liberal I
I guarantee. Suits to order from |
$10 to $80 I
I Samples freely givenfor the asking.: ~ I
| 0ut-of-iown orders for made-to-order clothing filled— 1
|| ' satisfactory fit. assured through our self-measuring system— 1
I 718 Market Street and j
I Cor; Powell and Eddy Streets I
The Best
1 1 Bffedtolne
SSm for Mothers
H Dr. Pierce's
|f|l Favorite
III Prescription
sggjgjjjffif "Words cannot express how
SjIjMjfiQB grateful I am for your kind ad-
Sjs@§e vice and your' 'Favorite Pre-
sfgySgl scription,' " writes Mrs. D. B.
Barricks, of Perrows, Campbell
Co., Va. r I feel that it has cured
me. I had been in poor health for four
years. Suffered greatly with my right side,
also with bearing 1 down pains, and my
nerves were in a dreadful state. After us-
iaj four bottles of your * Favorite Prescrip-
tion ' I a:n now well. I am the mother of
two children. With the first child I suf-
fered twcnty-eijjbt hours, and with the
pecond I used your medicine and was sick
only three hours. I believe Dr. Pierre's
Favorite Prescription to be the best medi-
cine in the world for suffering females. I
wish you great success, and hope that God
will bless you in your noble work.'
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser in paper covers is' sent free oa
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay ex-
pense of mailing only. Address Dr. R.THE seniors of the "University of
California held their farewell dance
last night in Hearst Hall. Most of
the members of the graduating class
were present and the ball proved
very successful. Many pretty gown?
were on the floor.
Both lower and upper hall were deco
rated and downstairs refreshments were
served. Leroy Smith was floor manager,
and the following: named constituted the
senior ball committee: Miss Lydia Do
zier (chairman). Miss Ardella Jackson.
Miss Inez Shippee, Miss Eva Bramlet. P..
S. Springer, Louis Decoto, J. S. Ross ami
C R. Parker.
(Ph.B. 1S96): Lou Irene De To (B. L. 1901);
•Charles Edmund Fryer (Ph.B. 1899); 'Hattle.
L. Leszynsky (Ph.B. 1894); Lillle Evelyn Mol
ler (B. L. 1900); Milton Newmark (Ptt.B. 1SW);
Kotaro Nishikawa (graduate Doshisha Univer
sity 1S9S>.
Master of Arts (College of Letters) — 'Flor
ence Bartling (A. B. 18&5): Corlnne Hutton (A.
B. 1901); Winthroo Leicester Keep (A. B.
1901); Arthur Amsden Macurda (A. B., Brown
University, 1S93); Horace Marion Ramsey (A.
B., Pacific University, 1S9»); Samuel Bond
Randall (A. B. 1881 and B. D. 1385. University
of Chicago): Eniile Sage (Lie. en Theol., Neu
chatel, 1S7S): Alfred Charles Skaife (A. B.
1900); Irene Taylor (A. E. 1901).
By vote of the Academic Council candi
dates for bachelor's degrees to be con
ferred in 1901-02 have received honorable,
mention for distinguished scholarship a3
follows:
Alexander Adler. Frederick Madison Allen.
Archie Addison Alexander, Frances Vic Carter.
Harley Pierce Chandler, Jamea Sollit Colbath.
Maria Helen Elizabeth Cooper, Monroe Emaa
uel Deutscb, Sallie Agnes Dexter, Charles
Thomasson Dozier, Jacob John Eppinger. John
Morton Eshelman, Calvin Olin Esterly.. Bernard
Alfred Etcheverry, Ernest Ellsworth Everett,
Dozier Finley, Louise Marguerite Garland. El
mer Blainey Harris, Elizabeth Adelaide Herr
mann, Harry Aaron Hollzer, Augustus Kemp
key Jr., Benjamin Putnam Kurtz. May Welling
ton Lemon. Joseph Newfleld. Robert Newmark', 1
Grover Chester Noble. Charles Pierce Rich
mond. William Richard Roberts. Herbert
Lionel Rothchild. Christopher Henry Rowlands.
Robert Pettinger Stephenson. Chester Albert
Garfleld Weymouth. Myra Winn. •
SCHQLAKSHIPS AWARDED.
Undergraduate students were awarded,
scholarships for 1S02-03 as follows, tho
asterisks signifying reappointment:
PHEBE A. HEARST SCHOLARS.
Grace Barnett, 'Mary Hannah Cross, 'Ruby
Lacey Cunningham, 'Katherine Stewart Han
nah, 'Rose Humann, Flora Josephine Miller,
•Grace Emily Moody, 'Rose Moskowitz.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SCHOLARS.
First Congressional District — William John
Cooper, Theresa Margaret Otto, 'Ernest Everett
Wood. '
Second Congressional District — *Louls Albert
Elmqre. Richard Slayton French. 'Walter Le
roy jrluber, Evelyn Lovie McCurdy.
Third Congressional District — Spencer Coch
rane Browne. Henry Bronson Dewing. Mabel
Lorena Nelson. . f
Fourth and Fifth Congressional Districts (to
gether) — 'Ella Gertrude Cook, Edna Louise
Ecker, Cara McCoy Finnie. ?J. Shirley . Jones,
Hearst Hall Is Filled
With a Throng of
Joyous Students
Senior Dance Held at
Night Proves Most
Brilliant Function
MEN AND MAIDS OF GRADUATING CLASS BID FAREWELL TO BERKELEY HALLS
AND IN PRESENCE OF THOUSANDS CONDUCT "PILGRIMAGE" AND MERRY PLAY
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 13, \1902.
Continued on Page Five.
beth Moffat, Eugenia Tryon Mouser, Chikara
Nakano, Mitsunori Nakanouchi, 'Motoyuki Ne
goro, 'Frances Newham, Gurney Elwood New
lin, Robert Newmark, Ada Lora Newport,
Philip Wagy. Owen, Challen Roger3 Parker,
James Roy Plnkham, Mary Leona
Poage, Helen Powell, Benjamin Weiser
Roed, Edith Helena Rennie, Mabel May
Rhodes, Oscar Henry Roesner, Alice Mabel
Rogers, John Stewart Ross, Herbert Lionel
Rothchild, 'Eleanor Mary Russell, Lucy Regal
Schaeffer, Annie Katherine Schroeder, Edith
Selby, Mabel Evelyn Sharp, Inez Shippee, 'Wil
liam Albert Shuey, Gertrude Almira Smith (B.
L., Pomona College, 1901), Leroy Grannis
Smith, 'James Bennett Southard, Mary Stew
art (Ph. B., University of Pacific, 180S), Emma
Stoer, Edna Lewis Stone, Harriet Monroe Stout,
Abble Marshall Sykes, Mary Lillian Thorpe,
Ruel Pardee Tolman, Laura " Lucile Turner,
•Shirley Cyrus Walker, Annabel Ellse Wen
zelburger, Maude Frances Wildes, 'Elsie Mabel
Wilkinson, Ivy Bernlce Wilkinson, Marlon Ra
mon Wilson and Edna Faith Wyckoff.
BACHELORS OF ARTS.
Bachelor of Arts (College of Letters) — Archie
Addison Alexander, Frederick Madison Allen,
Robert Paramore Arnold." Flora A. D. Bacl
galupi, Tadlni Joeeph Bacigalupi, Edith Flor
ence-. Bergson, Linus Brooks Brainard, Pearl
Lillian Brenizer, Mary Louise Burnett (A.B.,
Mills College, 1000), Judson Raymond Carter,
Barry H. Cerf, Rebecca Cerf, Albert Benjamin
Clayton. Alice Worcester Coffin, Maria Helen
Elizabeth Cooper,- »Ren4 Cullen, Monroe Eman
uel Deutsch, Jefferson Derwood Elder (A.B.
1885 and LLB. 1887, Cumberland University),
John Morton Eshelman, Calvin OHn Esterly,
Lily Falck, Nina Melissa Farwell, Margaret
Louise Fitts, Ethel Hume Flood, Frederick
Montague Foster, tLouise Marguerite Garland,
Lewis Sage Gear, *Edna Gearhart, Fred Field
Goodseil, Charles Conklin' Haines, Ruth Hani
rnerschlas. Ellen McKay Hensel, . Elizabeth
Adelaide Herrmann, Florence Trevltt Hudson,
Florence Mabel Kimball, 'Benjamin Putnam
Kurtz, 'Frank . Lamberson, Maud Houston
Lanktree, Claude Harmon Lashlee, Alice Maude
Lewis, Emma Marion Long, Florence Marie
Mayhew, Susan Martha McGrath, *Florence
Miller, Mary Irene Morrin, Mary Eva Orcutt.
George Russell Perkins Jr., Arthur Wayne
Perry, 'Louise Marie Peters,' William Arthur
Powell. Orville Charles Pratt, Helen Clare
.Prutzman, 'Gertrude Viola Reid, William
Richard Roberts, William Darwin Root,
Flora Anna Sanborn (A.B- Pomona Col
lege, 1901), Harold Stanley Shaffer, Alfred
Solomon (A.B. Occidental College, 1800), 'Grace
Ruth Southwick, Mae" Alyssa Spencer, Robert
Pettinger Stephenson, Harry Thomas Stevens,
Ruth Isabel Swett, Zana Evaline Terpennig
(A.B., University of Southern California. 1001),
Sharlie Jeannette Ward, Ruby Irene Warner
?A:B..' Pomona College. 1901), Herbert Augustus
West, .Grace Eaton Woods, 'Edgar. Thomson
Zook. ¦ . . • :
Graduates in" pharmacy (California College
of Pharmacy) — Harry Willard Armour, Fred
eric John Blackburn, Harriet Louise Black
burn,-Fred George Booth, Warren Buck Brazel
ton, Andrew William Cochran, ; Delia Crain,
Frank D.- -Curtis. ¦ Nellie Georgina 'Dockery,
James David Elliot, John William Foley, Ar
thur John Fouch, Rolla Danfe Fuller, - Joseph
Henry . Guedet, Arno Gus Hansen. William
Thomas Hearne, James Joseph Horgan, Bessie
Hutchins, Paul Hunt Lane, Gus S. Levy,
Ernest MJchaells, Walter Frederick Anderson
Moltzen, Otto Julius Mouron, John Clinton
Neill, Jamea C. Reher, Madge Coghlan Rust;
Leo Adelmo Schroeder, Julius Steen, William
Earnshaw Styan, Everett Towson, William
Louis Waterman, Ray Allen Whidden.
DOCTORS OF PHARMACY.
Doctor of Pharmacy (California College of
Pharmacy) — George Glasgow Burnett, Ph.G;
Raymond Elwood Henkle, Ph.G. ' •
Degree of Doctor of Dental Surgery (Denfal
Department) — Aaron Asa Arbogast, Charles
William Benjamin, Robert Burns Jr., William
Delos Carlisle. Charles Smallwood Cavanaugh,
Charles Earle Clement. Arthur Fenimore Coop
er, Frederick Bradford Davis, Elton Nathaniel
Wilsey Davis, Raymond Hubert Deming, Leon
ard Greeley Ede, George Ford Elvidge, Henry
Epsteen, Hubert James Graham, Walter Corey
Hall, Walter Davidson Hambleton> Pope CatHn
Hartman, Irven Ernest Hoska, Olln Rodney
Hunter, John Reed Ivey, Leland Dora Jones,
Philip Henry Kroeck, Ray McCIinton, William
James McCracken. John .Clement McGovern,
Nicholas Dunwoodie McKean, Eston Rush Mc-
Quilkln, PercH'al Jasper Meyer. William An
derson Mundell, Raymond Nellis Murphy,
Harry Charles Newman, Erie Cecil Parks, John
Worth Peoples, Harry C. Peters, Frank Parker
Qulnn, Rex Hays Rhoades, Clarence Colin
Richardson, Robert Elliot Smith. Thomas Alex
ander Stark Jr., Thomas Parr Stokes, William
Herbert Thompson, Crittenden Van Wyck, Wil
liam Millard Wadleigh, Fillmore White Nano
Lee Wllklns.
Doctor of Medicine (Medical Department)
Benjamin Hake well, B.S. ; William Baumgarten
Ph.G.; Bhllip August Bill. William Charles
Chilson; Henry . David . Fanning, A.B. ; Ernest
Charles Foster, Frank Revere Henderson;
George Hippolyte Juilly. B.S.; Ostroilo Stanis
laus Kucich, Adelebert Watts Lee, Paschal Ar
thur Lensman, A.B. ; Arthur Thomas McGinty
John Harry Mallery; Joseph Francis Meagher,
A.B. ;: Caroline Stow Merwin; John Crockett
Newton. Ph.G.: Joseph Martin O'Donnell, A.B •
Harry Elwin Piper, James Fowler Pressley'
Frederick Henry Tebbe. Edward Topham Jr.,
Blanche Coralie • Van Heusen ; Walter Joseph
Marie Williams. A.B., and Frederick H. Zum
walt. Ph.G.
Bachelor of Lawa (Hastings College of the
Master of science (College of Natural
Sciences) — Sanford Blum (A. vB. 1804, M. ¦ D.
1806); Harvey Monroe Hall (B. S. 1901); Willis
Frank Minium (B. S. Northwestern University,
1801)).
Master of letters (College of Social Sciences)
— John Thomas Bryan (A. B. 1898. M. A. 1899
and B. D. 1900, Kings College, Nova Scotia);
John Winchel - Sr>encer Butler (B. L. 1901) ;
Amelia Ynez Coeke (B. L. 1001); Annie De
borah Coulter (B. L. 1900); James Philip Davis
Doctor of philosophy (College of Natural
Sciences)— Alice Robertson (B. S. 1S9S, M. S.
1S00).
DEGREES FOR GRADUATES.
Graduate students received degrees a3
follows: ' ..?:
Law)— Marc Anthony. B.L. ; Herbert Wil
marth Bailey. B.L.: William Allen Barnhill.
B.S. : Herbert Lincoln Breed, B.L.; Ernest
Augustine Clausen, B.L.; Ezra William Decoto,
B.L. ; Joseph Vincent de Laveaga, B.L.; Jesse
Leroy Dibert, B.L. ; Major Walter Dinkelspi«l,
B.L.; William Sherman Downing. Ph.B. : Jo
seph Aloyslus Farry, A.B. : George Hilary Har
lan, B.L. : Josephine Harris: Augustus Loring
Hart, A.B.; Lewis Allen Hilborn, Ph.B.: Jo
seph Lorenzo Kennedy, B.L. ; Howard Daniel
McCreary, B.S. ; James Milton Mannon, A.B. ;
George Holmes Moore; Emma Morgan North,
B.L. ; Edward Arthur O'Brien; John Maurice
O'Brien;' Samuel "Poorman Jr., A.B. ; Bert Le
roy Quayle, B.S. ; Joseph Murray Raines;
Charles Edwin Reith. B.L. ; Henry Stuart Rich
mond; "Walter Rothchild; Arthur Nelson Salis
bury; William Henry Smith Jr.; Edward James
Talbott. B.S.; James Evans White; A.B.; Wil
liam Kennedy White, B.L., and Henry Elmer
Worley. *
President Wheeler and Student Speakers Recount
Value of Friendship and Associations Formed
by Scholars During the Days of College Life
Something New
Is always . happening In a poker; game
two ' duces take the pot, ¦ etc., etc. j We
have all the ; latest novelties /in. playing
cards! poker chips, •counters,' 1 dice, and
the cheapest linf of pretty . tally cards
and prizes; in"; the .-city. ¦¦ Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. , . ,.»
/ ¦ • ¦ i
THE Regents held their annual meet
ing at the University -of California
yesterday afternoon to confer de
grees upon the graduates. . President
Wheeler, presented the names of 332
undergraduate and -twenty-four
graduate students v who: had been
recommended for, such ;:honqrs by the
graduate council, and the/ Regents voted,
according to the usual form; to grant de
grees to those' named. '<tz "^
•B. A.-Etcheverry of Rarhqna, Cal., was
awarded the university medal as the most
distinguished student in the graduating
class. Etcheverry was a student :in the
college of civil engineering, and while*he
did not get the highest credits his work
was deemed the best. Several received
special mention for their work.
The Regents who were present at yes
terday's meeting were W. H. L. Barnes,
Mr. Tausslg, J. E. Budd, G. C. Earl, C.
N. Ellinwood, A. W. Foster, Mrs.-Phebe
A. Hearst, J. F. Houghton, G. McEner
ney, G. O. Pardee, J. B. Reinstein and C.
S., Wheeler. They voted to confer degrees
as follows on graduates of the colleges
in Berkeley and the Affiliated Colleges in
San Francisco, the asterisk marking the
names of candidates whose degree was
conferred December 21, 1901:
BACHELORS OF SCIENCE.
Bachelor of Science (College of Chemistry) —
Bernard Roy Bowron, William Hubbard Cooper,
Louis Albert < Decoto, Bryant Stillman Drake,
Nathan Julius Feibush, Dozier Finley. Sylvia
Mallery Morgan, Tokichi Murakami. Joseph
Newfield, Grace Louise Pack. "Robert Patek,
•Jackson "Andrew Pearce, Mary Eliza Rice,
Clarence Fellows Rowell and 'Albert Marlon
Welsh.
Bachelor of Science (College of Civil En
gineering) — Harold Hyde Braly, Forest Bcamer
Caldwell, Bernard Alfred Etcheverry, Henry
Ernest Franks. Carl Hilpiseh, Augustus Kemp.
koy Jr., Charles William Landis. Frank V.
McPe.ik, Samuel Murray, William Hopf Popert
and George Henry Senger.
Bachelor .of Science (College of Mining)—
William Burt Albertson, Christopher Hatton
Acpland, Frank Baird, • Bonfleld Bowman,
•Ernest Roy Childs. Harold Melville Childs,
Jemeo Sollitt Colbath, Frederick Holroyd Da
kin Jr., Charles Thomasson Dozier, Arthur
Ellert Drucker, Samuel Centennial . Faneuf,
Harciiman Fowler. Charles Hatherley Gorrill,
Alma Jacob Heger, Robert Aubrey Holley,
•George Robert Lehman, "Curtis Brockway
Locklin, George Benjamin Lorenz, Edward
Alexander Nis, Roy Dustin Pickett, Otto Her
man Keichman. Claude Irvin Rhodes, Charles
Pierce Richmond (B. S., University of Ari
zona. lOiOO), Christopher Henry Rowlands. •Les
lie Simeon. *Elwyn Wilfred Stebbins. Frank
Ferguson Weber and Charles Nicholson Wright.
Bachelor of Science (College of Mechanics) —
Laurence Jay Corbett. Charles Sprecher Da
vidson. Ernest Ellsworth Everett, Ingwald
Edward' Flaa. John Owen Hansen, Clarence
Floyd Hirshfeld, Claude Walter Mitchell. Gro
ver Chester Noble, Murray Heott Orrick, Ivan
II. Rhodes and James Forrest Strachani
Bachelor of Science (College of Agriculture) —
•Lewis Eugene Carpenter. *John Markley Jr..
"Allan Raymond Powers.. ¦• .-".,' .
Bachelor of Science (College of Commerce)-*—
Julean Herbert Arnold. Clarence Baruch; Lewis
Irvin Reed, John Birge Sawyer, Middleton P.
Stansbury. .
Bachelor of Science (College of Natural
Sciences) — Alexander Adler. Fannie Haretina
Avery. -Ruf us Clifford Balaam," 'Edgar Baruch,
John Marks Brewer, ¦ Frances Vic Carter. Har
ley Pierce Chandler, Albert Sanborn Colton,
Emery Evans Grinneli (B. S., • Indiana Stat*
University, 1873). *Elmer Blainey Harris. Rob
ert Huston' Henderson. Emma Jameson, Annie
Marie Jennings. Florence . Teresa Kavanagh,
Howard Beecher Lathrop, May Wellington
Lemon, Adele Gerard Lewis, Alice McAllister,
Bessie Pratt, Jessie Martha, Rea, *Lulu Rued
(Mrs Hugh McColl Webster), Edda Warner
Allen Ryder, Robert Roy . Service, Harrietts
Wiggins Smith. Seiichl Masataka Tamura.
Moulton Warner. Helen Sarah Watson, Chester
A. G. Weymouthr, *Vera White, John Wink
ler, Myra Winn. ,
BACHELORS OF SOCIETY.
Bachelor of Philosophy (College of Social
Sciences) — *Frank Forest Bunker and 'Louise
Narjot Howard...' ' ¦':
Bachelor of Letters (College of Social Sci
ences) — Fletcher Ames, Courtney L. Barham,
Ellen Vail Bartort, Rita Montgomery Beatty,
•Mary Ingle Bentley, Claude H. S. BidweH.
Edward ! Francis Bishop, . Francis • Edward
Bishop, Grace Josephine Boggs, ,. Herbert Sam
uel Bonifleld, Dorothy Boyen, Eva Laura Bram
let, Agnes Eliza Brown, Eva Eleanore Busch,
Grace Adeline Byrnes, Charles Chaffee Champ
lin, "Philip Tuggle Clay, John Coghlan, ,*Ada
Maud Cornwall, William Kay Crawford, Oma
-Almona ¦ Davies,' Ellen Isabel Decker : (B.
L.; . Pomona College, 1901), v Sallie Agnes
Dexter. Winfield ..-. Hancock :. Dorn, Lydia
Lee Dozier, John Jewett .Earle, Jacob John
Eppinger, Alessandra Josephine Farno, Ashley
Richard Faull, Alice Evelyn 'Folsom, 'Myrtle
Gable, Ernest Percy Gardiner, Mabel Ray Gll
lis, •Cecilia Celeste " Granice, Edna Merrihew
Grinnell, Elsie Harriet- Gunn, ; Claire Madeline
Haas,' Beatrice Urania Hagmayer, *Mary:So
phie Hall, -Agnes Needham Hart (B. S. 1880
and M. S. 1894, University of .Pacific), Alice
Florence Hathaway, ¦ *Georgiana Gladys I Haw
kins, Grace Aguilar Hecht, Bertha Hendricks,'
Meda Hinckley,. Harry Aaron ¦ Hollzer, Alfred
Stearns Holmes, James Samuel Horovitz, Flor
ence , Gertrude - Howard, • Reuben jj Gay. Hunt,'.
Bertha Hutton, Ardella Frances Jackson, j MI1
licent Jacobs,' Lillle Evelina Janes, Mabel Irene
Jarvis, Mary Judah Jeffreys, Mary Fairbanks
Jewett, Isaac Karmel, - Edwin > Everett Keyes,
•Katharine Frances ... Keys, ,*Jane-. Seymour
Klink, Lilian ¦ Louise Knowles/ ¦ Elma Antbn
Korbel,' "Lillian Mabel Lowell.'' . Sara' Louise
Lunny, i Margaret MacDonald. Parker Simmons
Maddux. George ; - Campbell < Mansfield,'-" Leon
Elmer Martin, : Anne McClelland; - Eliza Mc-
Klnne, 'Mabel ;*:Leonore Mery. Johri'Wllliam
Meux, ,; Camilla : Virginia Meyer.,Emma SUisa
¦..: ¦:'.i.»t -*.."¦ -• .-•' -.. -¦-• .'¦•.- -».-. ¦ .- ¦— •— - .
SCENES AT CLASS DAY EXER
CISES AT UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA.
BEN WEED'S amphitheater in the
woods back of the university
buildings at Berkeley was the
scene of the open-air production
yesterday by the graduating class
of '02, being a part of the "class
day" exercises.
A clever burlesque on the famous comic
opera "Robin Hood" was the presents
tion made by the students before one of
the largest gatherings ever seen in the
ampitheter. The arrangements wer«
perfect in detail, and the brilliantly col
ored gowns of thousands of fair visitors
formed a spectacle long to be remem
bered. Seats were provided in front of
the stage for invited guests of the grad
uates, and the general public found ac
commodations beneath . wide-spreading
trees.
The production of "Robin Hood" re
flected great credit on all concerned. The
various musical numbers were given in
superb style, and the score of the opera
was a keen satire on some of the faculty
and students of the State University.
The doings of President Wheeler ana
Recorder Sutton were burlesqued in a
good-natured manner by the students,
and the head of the university heartily
enjoyed his representation on the stage.
The many solos, choruses, dances and
merry Jests- were all encored, and the
work of Wilfred Yanke's orchestra and
the costumes were features of the pro»
duction.
PEESENTS A MERRY PLOT.
The plot of the burlesque of "Kobin
Hood," written by Lila McKlnne. was
set forth in the programme as follows:
Once Upon a time, a great while asoe, in
ye Berkeley forest, there was a good t'eUowe
lived, who was Robin Hood, and with him his
companions of 1S>O2. On a time they had lived
elsewhere, but they had been tormented by
divers oppressors, so knavish that all did com
plaine of them. Of these ye most churlish was
ye wicked Sutton of Southall. They strove
against them all, but this helped little or noth
ing. So that they were constrayned to travail
away. So they did goe to Berkeley Forest
toe be free.
Of a day Robin and his good fellowes did
set themselves to make merrie, howbeit they
were tolde that ye wicked Sutton of Southall
was coming on that same day to drive them
from ye greenwoode. Arid soe they did sende
men for ye maydens, Mayd Marian, and all
ye maydens of 1002 to make merry with them.
Of that same day it was Robin's chance,
some of his fellowes walking thorow ye woode
should find a gallant knight. Sir .Ben of
Wheeler. Robin and his merrie men did make
him welcome, and bade him joyn in ye merrie
ment. And 60 they made him welcome.
And soon did come ye maydens. and they
frolicked with Robin and his band; and so
did they pass ye day in merriment* and Sir
Ben of Wheeler did joyn in it all.
They all made merrie, till, of a sudden, ye
wicked Sutton of Southall did come with his
guard for to drive ye goode fellowes from ye
forest. And he Bayed: "Now will I cool your
hot blood. Master Robin; you shall this day
leave ye greenwoode."
Te merrie men were in great terror of mind,
but they were stayed by ye gallant knight,
who spake to ye Sutton thus:
"If thou dost strive against this bande,
I vow to drive thee from this lande.
For I am notte Sir Ben of Wheeler, but Ben
jamin Ide, Klnge of ye/ Berkeley Forest. I
have beheld ye harmless prankes of these goode
folkes, and their mannie virtues. I have been
beholden to them for kindly welcome. Thou
spot and the success of the Berkeley
athletes. . He was followed by Miss
Mary Jewett, who said that it was diffi
cult to eay good-by to the university.
She called upon one of the "steps" to
speak for her and the crowd was enter
tained by a graphophone speech tha| was
very amusing. The speech of "one of the
steps" told of the entry of the fair, co
eds into university life and how *ie young
ladies had exerted a good influence upon
their sterner comrades and helped them
to be men in every sense of the. word.
The graduates .and their friends then
marched • • to the Mechanics' building
where the speech of farewell was made
by I. B. Rhodes. He reviewed the work
of the graduates and expressed thanks for
them to their instructors.
At the Mining building the speech was
made by Frank Baird, who said that
though there was sorrow in parting there
was also Joy, because of the strong ties
of friendship that would bind the gradu
ates in the years to come. He trusted
that all would go forth determined to win
and be an honor, to the University of
California.
.GIRL GRADUATES GATHER. •
At the Chemistry building the exercises
were in charge of Dozier Finley and J.
B. Newland. The usual amusing "ex
periments" were carried out and the man
ner in which "water" was analyzed and
"food" made out of "nitrogen" kept the
visitors in a constant state of laughter.
. The "pilgrimage" concluded with' a
gathering at Hearst Hall, tne home of
the fair co-eds. On the arrival of the
procession the girl graduates grouped
themselves on the lawn, forming a pretty
picture of California's daughters. After
singing a college 'song, entitled "I'm- "so
very tired," Miss Grace Woods addressed
the assemblage. She . said that men
might delight, in banquets, but none
knew the delight of the "jinks" held in
the quarters of the co-eds. She spoke of
the beauties of the friendships formed by
the co-eds and referred to the. memory of
Professor Le Conte and all who had
helped to make happy the student days of
her. comrades. She «oncluaed by saying
that the meetings in the hall had formed
ties that would be of great value in after
life and that never could be severed.
. The graduates and their friends then
dispersed and the "pilgrimage" of the
cla,£3 of '02 became a thing of the past.
Those in charge of the morning exercises
were as follows: D. A. Holley, W.\R.
Root, J. J. Earle, George Lorenz, Misses
Grace Boggs; Frances Vic Carter, -^liza- !
beth Hermann and Lillian Knowles.
hast taken more power than thou shouldst.
These eoode people shall yette dwelle here;
but for his misdeeds, do thou. good Robin,
punishe him."
Thus were they freed from this rufnn, ana
they did punishe him for his wickednesse.
And all his crying was in vayne. And so they
did abide free in ye greenwoode, and no more
wicked knaves tormented Robin and ye goode
fellowes and maydjfens of 1902.
CBOWD OF MEN AND MAIDS.
Those who took part in the perform
ance were designated as follows:
Men and Maydens of ye Greenwoode — First
comes Robin Hood and his merrie fellowes:
Robin Hood. Lloyd A. Womble; Friar Mick,
Reginald H. Kelley: Little John Eshleman,
John J. Eppinger; Will Scarlett (the engineer),
J. Raymond Carter; Al Plaw-caster, Clarence
F. Rowell; Robert Wells of Ritchie, Leon E.
Martin; Ray, the Carter, Orville C. Pratt; Reu
ben of Hunt. H. S. Bonifield; Lloyd of Wom
ble. J. Owen -Hansen; Owen of Hansentown,
Earle C. Wright; Albertson, the ox, W. B. Al
bertson; John of More, J. F. More.
And those who, tho' having fallen by the
¦wayBide, believe that it is still good to be here.
Ghosts of Duden, Hill, Clay, Campbell,
Smith, Kinzie and Lippman.
Note also Charles the Dozef,>*Charles T. Do
zier; hunters of Robin's, band- and that which
they seek; Senior Assessment. I. B. " Rhodes;
Hearts, A. S. Colton; the Aspirate H. C. "H.
Aspland; Teacher's Certificate, R. H. Hender
son; Knowledge, L. B. Brainard; Donkey,
C. Balaam; Rogues' Gallery, F. H. Dakin: pro
fessorship. J. Coghlan: Barber, B. Bowron;
Minerva, C. H. &. BidweH; Curling Irons, H.
A. West; Plants and Other Thing, H. P.
Chandler; Diploma, W. H. Dorn; Rest, J. M.
Eshleman; Nothing, J. B. Sawyer; Anything,
Nathan Feibush; bowmen — E. Baruch, E. F.
Bishop, E. E. Everett. J. M. Brown, A. R.
Faull, E. P. Gardiner, P. P. Weber, P. S.
Maddux, J. W. Meux. C. Nakano, R. P. Tol
man, M. Negoro, C. R. Parker, C. ¦ C. de Lan
cey, O. H. Roesner.
And besides these, the Robin Hood Messen
ger Service, limited to: Fleet Service, C O.
Esterly; Kay of Crawford, Incog; heralds —
Daily Calif ornian, L. G. Smith: Weakly Occi
dent. P. W. Owen; the Domed Magazine. G. E.
Newlin.
Then enters the Unknown Knight and his
train: Sir Ben of Wheeler. Alex. Adler; Vic
tor Henderson 1 , C. F. Hirschfeld; the Notable
Notary. Ike Karmel; retinue — Fred Allen Reu
ben Hunt, Hal Gorrill," Jewett Earle, Frank
Baird, R. P. Arnold, B. H. Cerf, T. J. Bacl
galupi, A. B. Clayton, F. Lamberson, C. H.
Lashlee. C. R. Perkins, II. E. Franks, B. A.
Etcheverry, W. R. Roberts, W. D. Root, R.
P. Stephenson, E. T. Zook, F. Ames, C. L.
Barbara.
Now all hall to Mayd Marian and ye may
dens of 1902: Mayd Marian, Elizabeth A'.
Hermann; attendants — Bess Pratt, Elise Wen
zelburger, Marlon Wilson, Anne McClelland,
Jessie Rea, Alice Lewis, Lydia Dozier, Ardella
Jackson, Edith Selby, Mabel Mery, Maud Lank
tree. Florence Mayhew, Frances Carter, Grace
Pack, Georgia Hawkins, Helen Powell, Edda
Ryder, . Anne Jennings, Rebecca Cerf, Helen
Prutzman, Emma Stoer, Eugenia Mpuser
peasants — Lucy ¦ SchaeiTer, Sharlie Ward, Alice
Folsom, Alice Coffin, Alice Rogers, Pearl
Brenizer. Mary Thorpe, Mabel Jarvls, Mary
Poage, Maude Wildes, Ruth Hammerschlag
May Lemon. Edith Rennie, Mae Spencer Mabel
Sharp, Harriet Stout. Edna Grlnnell, Abbie
Sykes, Harriet Smith, Mary Rice, Annie
Schroeder, Florence Barnes, Agnes Dexter
Grace Hecht, Mabel Gillls, Eva Bramlet, Mary
Orcutt, Nina Farwell, Beatrice Hagmeyer,
Camilla Meyer. Claire Haas, Ruth Swett Kath
erine Keyes, Fannie Avery, Florence Kimball
Ruby Wedd, Lila McKinne, Inez Shippee, Edna
WyckofT.
Here come the Stanford guys— A. Alexander,
P. T. Corbett, R, Strachah, W. Drake J
Coghlan, H. Bonifield, P. Holt, F. Goodseil. '
But aside! Make way for the brains of 1002
Thinkers' chorus — C. I. Rhodes, E. E. Keyes"
R. A. Holley. C. H. Rowlands. H. A. Hollzer'
H. T. Stevens, R. Newmark, J. Newfield l'
S. Gear. ¦ '
Hello, girls!
Milkmaids' chorus— Flora Bacigalupl Ellen
Barton, Agnes Brown, Eva Busch, Grace Boggs
Louise Fitts, Pearl Demaree, Emma Long,'
Mary Jewett. Myra Winn, Sara Lunhy Flor
ence Howard Florence Hudson. Edna Stone,
Adele Lewis Alice Wythe, Alice Hathaway.
Peasants— Meda Hinckley. Mary Stuart El
p!o Wilkinson. Ivy Wilkinson, Ada Newport.
Mary Jeffries. Lillian Janes, Agnes : HarU
C,race_ Byrnes Mary Morrin. Po.-ey McGrath,
Oma Davies Helen Watson, Vera White, Grace
McPherson, Helen Cooper. Florence Cavanatrh
Ada Cornwall, Milllcent Jacob?. Lillian Falck
Ethel Flood, Elsie Gunn, Emma I Jameson
I.dith Bergson. Bertha Hutton. Ellen Hen«el
Bertha H^ndricks. Mary Burnett. Grace Woods
Sylvia. Morgan. Mabel Rhodes. Dorothy Boweii
and Emily Darke. ;.•;:""•
BALEFUL SUTTON APPEARS.
What sudden interruption Is this, for lo!
amidst all the jests and merriment, the baleful
Sutton of Southall appears with 1 a numerous
train of stalwart men. ' • .
Sutton of Sou thall, Harold H Braly dis
tributor of cinches, J. S. Ross, and other ene
mies. Faculty — H. L. Rothschild M Naka
nouchi, S. C. Walker, P. P. Bunker P t
Clay, H. B. Lathrop, R. R. Service ' S ' Ta
mura. M. "Warner. C. A. G. Weymou'th John
Winkier, L. T. Reed. John Markley A. R
Powers. C. S. Davidson. F. E. Bishoi) I p'
F'.aa. C. W. Mitchell, G. C. Noble. Knights
of the Military Department — M S Orrlck B
Bowman, E. A. 'Burke, F. H. Redewill J s'
Colbath. S. C. Faneuf, J. R. pinkham ' A ' e'
Drucker, H. Fowler. A. J. Heger. G. R J_^h
man. C. B. Locklin. G. B. Lorenz, E. a Nis
£¦ £¦ S? y u e - D< P> cke ". O. H. Relchmanl
C. P. Richmond,,!,. Slmson, E. W. Stebbins
University Board of Health— J. Horovitz C N
Wright, .F. P. Caldwell, C. W. Landls 'w' a'
Powell, C. Hilpiseh. A. Kempkey. Notaries of
the Recorder's Office — F. V. McPeake, 8. Mur
ray, W. H. Popert. G. H: Senger, W. ¦ H
Cooper, Tj. A. Decoto. D. Flnlay, T. Mura
kami. Students' Co-operative Association R
H. Patek, H. SI. Chllds. . . '
' And now you '02 go home!
Performance pnder direction of Raymond
Carter. • • ¦ .
Choruses supervised by Leroy a. Smith
Stage director. Julian H. Arnold.
Committee in charge — Benjamin- Weiser
R<v;d. chairman; Frederick Holroyd Dakin Jr.
Monroe Emanucl Deutsch, • Frederick Montague
Foster, George Campbell Mansfield, : Eugenia
Tryon. Mouaer, Bess. Pratt,' Maude Frances
"Wildes, Grace Eaton Woods, Edna Faith
Wyckoff. . - ; »
Faculty Is Satirized by "Seniors" in Burlesque
of Comic Opera "Robin Hood," Which Is Cleverly
Given Beneath the Trees of University Grounds
OTCCE again a band of sturdy young
men and bright women has bidden
farewell to the halls of the State
University at Berkeley and with the
ceremonies attending "Class Day"
the graduating class of '02 yesterday
followed the custom of years in terminat
ing the days of scholastic training.
Although the day was cloudy, a large
crowd assembled under the broad oaks
of the campus and the graduating stu
dents and their friends held high revelry.
The young men and women who were to
bia good-by to their alma mater and en
ter the campaign of life were in the best
of spirits and the scene was one of the
most brilliant ever witnessed in the
grounds of the State Beat of learning.
The young women, who to-morrow will
receive their certificates from the hands
of the faculty, were gowned in white,
•while the graduating male students
donned white duck garments and wore
their battered class hats. The junior
classes enjoyed themselves at the com
mencement of the proceedings by play
ing "football" with the new headgear
they wore for the first time as "seniors,"
and the more battered the "hat the more
it was prized by the owner.
The "pilgrimage" of the class of '02 con
sisted of a concert under the "senior
cak;" the dedication of the oak to the
care of the class of '03, and the speeches
delivered on the steps of the various halls
of the university, each of which was vis
ited. An open air performance in the
woods was given in the afternoon and at
night the graduates danced the hours
away and made plans for the future.
VALUE OF FRIENDSHIP.
A feature of the speeches delivered dur
ing the day was the strong sentiment ex
pressed as to the value of friendship and
association begun by young men and
women during their college career. The
graduates who gpoke, and President
Wheeler also, dwelt upon this phase of
etudent life, and the class of '02 handed
ever traditions to those who will be sen
iors for the next year.
The "pilgrimage" commenced at 10 a.
m., after the concert given by a military
band. Under the boughs of the "senior
oak," Charles T. Dozier, president of the
graduating- class, dedicated the oak to
the care of the class of '03. He referred
to the good work achieved during the ex
piring college term and said that the co
operation of the students and faculty had
led to the greatest success. He conclud
ed by asking the class of '03 to be ever
true to the traditions of Berkeley, fos
tered under the "senior oak."
Chester Brown, president of the class of
'03, accepted the "oak" and pledged him
self that those he spoke for would be ever
faithful to the records of their predeces
sors, not only for the balance of their
college days, but also for the years to
follow.
Raymond Carter of the senior class en
tertained the crowd with a speech in
which he "joshed" the professors. He
then said that the graduates would re
member most the deeds of the heart and
not those of the head and bid farewell to
the "senior oak" In feeling words.
The procession of the graduates was
then formed. Ahead marched the mili
tary band, followed by co-eds, the male
graduates bringing up the rear. The first
stop was made at South Hall, where an
address was delivered by Winfield Dorn
He paid a tribute to the faculty and to
the memory of the beloved Professor Jo
eeph L« Conte, whose presence was miss
ed at the exercises. The speaker also re
ferred to the value of college associations
to those about to embark in the duties of
life.
PRESIDENT WHEELER SPEAKS.
INFLUENCE OP THE CO-EDS.
On to the library the procession wended
its way and In front of the building a
vast crowd was gathered. J. M. Eshle
man made a short speech, in which he
dwelt upon the value of the "dig," or
etudy Fide of university life, and that of
co-operation and friendship. He then pre
sented President Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
who was cordially greeted and who spoke'
as follows:
Another year has passed away and again It
It my tura to speak to a graduating class. This
it a good place for you to come and meet me.
The duty of all g.-aduatlng students is to the
library of the university. We ask vour loyal
support for the library, for it is the very stom
ach of the university, and without a proper
library the university cannot exist. The librarv
Is out of all proportion to the needs of the
university. I am glad to say that I am re
ceiving contributions to the library from many
former students. One of them says that he
will increase his donation as his Income in
creases. I hope he will get rich. Here we
must have one of the great libraries of the
¦world. There is little that I can say. to you
row. as I will epeak my final words to the
class on commencement day. I thank you all
for your co-operation in carrying on the work
cf the university. I do not believe in fighting
or kickers. Every success in life comes from
r y-mpathy and co-operation and love. Be help
ers of the world to which you are now to enter
la earnest. You have stood loyally by me and
helped me to carry a big- burden. You have
helped me manfully and loyally, and again I
thank you. \ .
. The "pilgrimage" then passed on to the
etepe of North Hall, where M. E. Deutsch
told of the pleasant time spent on the
Gowns of White of the
Young Women Lend
Charm to the Scene
Great Crowd Under the
Broad Oaks of the
University Campus
4
Ride through the most interest irv« territ-ox-ies
n\ the world cm. tKeYluxu^ous
.ft^P./ 1 ..: fKrce Days toChicS^d
I • prevailing shirt this summer for outing or everyday business wear.
| The improved methods of manufacture place the shirts before
¦ you at lower prices" than. last season.
• To-day you can get a good substantial shirt for one dollar that
. will meet every requirement; that is, if you buy it at the right
store.
> As a store of this, sort we solicit your patronage, for we have
a swell line of dollar golf shirts in hundreds of patterns; the as-
sortment represents about everything brought out this season.
Out-of-town orders Silled - write us.
[I ' 718 Market Street. I
I Quintessence g
I Drawn from Age, Purity, Flavor and X
> concentrated in one is the n
I Unapproachable Quality of g
I ' **
[ t^ Hunfpri
f%ptj£ Baltimore g
|]ff»ftTC^jTtIa II is particularly g
F^TiW^Tl'^J^V jf7^T| recommended to q
Emj? ' > j^ >!>v * dgijg worTlen because £t
E&fjy^*l^^y 3 of i^ age and ex- *•*
HflffsgtjSsjJBBK cellence. Q.
; it
HO VV IS
(f )iA YniiD W- V
• WE CAN CURE YOU
WITHOUT DRUGS!
and BOWELS rapidly yield to our famous
' £ r 2 ctor 'J^atment." which cures when
flee or^y mlu' Consultati ° n FREE at of-
JE ™ FE ? S °: N SANITARIUM, 779 Geary St.
C D^^KP-^el4IS
Consumption. Internal , Cancer^or Tumorl
P«™VnoH < !! ed -T7 G mak S * th( "-°«Kh X-RAY,
examination.. Hours, \ 10 , a.- mr. to 8 p. m. VTACOMA, May 12. — David Thompson, alias
David Tullis. the English contractor arrested
In Seattle on March 2 on a charge of having
absconded •with $70,000. was taken East from
Tacoma on Saturday In charge of two Deputy
tTnitfd States Marshals, who will deliver him
to the British authorities at Boston, Mass.
Brooker Bros.' all-wool men's suits,
worth' $15, are now being sold for $4 65 at
the clothing assignee's sale of the Bos
ton, 773 Market street, near Fourth. •
P. C. Kelly, Assignee.
SAN JOSE. May 12.— The New England
delegates to the women's conference at
Los Angeles were the guests of the San
Jose Woman's Club in the Hotel Vendome
this evening. Tliere was a profusion of
flowers, a fine musical programme was
rendered and light refreshments were
served.
Club Women Entertained.
Floral Festival at Sacramento.
The street fair whicn\opens at Sacra
mento to-day will attract" large numbers
of people from San Francisco, particular
ly in view of the one-way rate' of $2 50
made by the Southern Pacific for the
rcund trip, tickets being good from to
day up to and including Sunday, May 18,
returning. This is an opportunity to visit
the capital city at little expense and en
joy a pleasant outing. Sacramento is now
en fete, and her citizens are according
hearty welcome to all visitors.
The coal companies in various parts of
the region have already made prepara
tions fcr a siege. Coal train crews, tele
graph operators, switchmen, carpenters,
machinists and other employes, number
ing several thousand, not identified with
the minev/orkers' union have been laid off
until further notice. Some of the compa
nies have also brought their mules to the
surface and placed them in pasture.
President Mitchell spent a busy day at
his headquarters. He was in close com
munication with all the district leaders,
and expresed himself as well satisfied
with the way the men were responding
to the call for suspension of work. He
will leave for Hazleton to-morrow after
noon.
Absolute quiet prevailed everywhere to
day. In pursuance of the district execu
tive boards, which met jointly at Scran
ton last week, all the local unions
throughout the region met during the day
and evening and elected delegates to the
Hazleton convention. It is significant that
in either issue where the vote of a local
became public the ballot showed a de
cided majority for a permanent strike un
less the operators grant concessions. Pre
dictions are made 'that if it is desired on
Wednesday to continue the strike the
struggle will be longer and more bitter
than was that of 1900, which lasted six
weeks.
PHILADELPHIA, May 12.—Minework
ers throughout the entire anthracite coal
regions of Pennsylvania to the number of
140,000 began their struggle to-day for in
creased wages and shorter hours. Never
in the history of hard coal mining has a
tie-up been so complete, not one of the 357
collieries in the territory being in opera
tion. There is every indication for the be
lief that the suspension, which was to
cover only the first three days of this
week, will be made permanent by the
miners' general convention, which will
meet at Hazleton on Wednesday.
Tif-TJp Is Said to Be tlie Most Com
plete Ever Known in the His
tory of Hard Coal
Mining.
Coal Companies Are Making
Preparations to Stand
Long Siege.
One Hundred and Forty
Thousand Answer
Call of Union.
MINERS BEGIN
STRUGGLE FOR
HIGHER WAGES
Continued From Page Four.
BID FAREWELL TO BERKELEY HALLS
LOS ANGELES. May 12.— Walter Scott, a
miner from Kinsman, Arizona, was struck by a
San Pedro street car on Main street last even-
Ing, sustaining injuries which caused death two
hours later.
BISBEE, Ariz., May 12.— Emil IJndthel.
a German barber, was stabbed to-night by
a Mexican and, died twenty minutes later.
It is said he refused the Mexican a drink
of beer. Officers arrested the Mexican
and have him in jail under guard. There
is strong talk of lynching. .
Mexican Stabs Man Who Kef used
Him a Drink and a Lynching
May Result.
MEN OF BISBEE CLAMOR
FOB A MTTBDEBEB/S LIFE
Great excitement prevails among the
exiles, who have Just received word that
former President Sam's candidate for
the presidency is General Moot-Plalser.
The moderate and enlightened section of
the Haytian refugees are in favor of the
election of General Firman; the present
Haytian Minister at Paris.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 12.— The
many Haytian exiles are making strenu
ous efforts here to reach Hayti before a
new President has been elected. They had
arranged to charter a steamer and sail
for Port au Prince last Sunday, but the
Haytian consul here refused to grant the
exiles passports, and the steamship agent
at the last 'moment declineM the charter.
The followers of Callistheme Fouchard,
the former Haytian Minister of Finance
and a rival of General Sam in the lat
ter's candidacy for- the presidency of
Hayti, are anxious to return . to Port au
.Prince in order to take a hand in the
struggle which they expect will follow
the election of the new President.
Fouchard is determined to return Imme
diately to Hayti, and it is believed will
endeavor to do so by way of the United
States. .
Boisroud Canal was elected President
of Hayti July 19, 1876. A revolution
against him broke out in 1879, and he re
signed about July 17 of that year. He
was succeeded by General Salmon.
Former President Sam still occupies
the palace, but he will embark this even
ing or to-morrow on board a French
mail boat.
A provisional government iias been es
tablished under the presidency of Bols
roud Canal, a former chief magistrate of
Hayti. He says all the towns of the re
public are in a state of revolution. I
Port au Prince is now quiet, but fur
ther fighting Is expected this evening.
The street fighting, which lasted about
one hour, resulted in a triumph for the
opponents of the government. The troops
at the arsenal surrendered without any
resistance, and the government passed
Into the hands of the revolutionists. Only
two men were killed and three wounded.
The meeting, which opened at noon, had
hardly heard the words of the President
of the House, declaring that a President
of the Republic was to be elected, when
Deputy Jeanott declared that the Con
gress did not have- the confidence of the
people. This was followed by cries of
"Vive la Revolution!" and "Aux Armes!"
and a scene of great disorder followed,
during which Congress was practically
dissolved.
Shooting in the streets began soon af
terward. -
PORT AU PRINCE.. Hay ti f May 12.— At
the meeting of Congress to-day called to
elect a President of the Republic, the
Minister. of the Interior formally handed
the resignation of President Sam to the
House. A - member of ; the Chamber of
Deputies asked the President of the
House to order the withdrawal of the
strong force of troops which occupied the
chambers. _The President replied that
the troops were necessary to protect
Congress while engaged in its delibera
tions, and said that he approved of the
presence of" the military.
Former President Sam Still Occupies
the Palace, but Will Embark
To-Day "oil a French.
: . . Mail Boat.
Troops at Arsenal of Port au
Prices Surrender to
Revolutionists.
Congress Is Forced to
Suspend Business
Hurriedly.
GOVERNMENT
OF HAYTI IS
OVERTHROWN
COPENHAGEN,. May 12.— The ' confer
ence committee of the Danish Parliament
appointed to .consider the action of the
two houses on the' Danish West Indies
treaty has commenced its sittings. It held
two executive sessions - to-day. • The op
ponents, of the, sale of the islands seem
inclined to yield . to the demand of the
Ministry : ' f or ¦' a ' plebiscite, ' relinquishing
their former proposal limiting the vote to
those who are qualified to vote for the
election of members of the Colonial Coun
cil, that ; scheme . having aroused popular
disapproval. ; The members of the oppo
. sition, however, ; insist : on withholding
final Judgment. on the treaty. until after a
plebiscite, : which they, contend is neces
sary to show..the;real-. temper of the:isl
anders.' They are. willing to bind them
selves - to agree to; the, ratification' on
specified conditions before the -elections.
The Ministry will- not .agree to^suchia
course/ preferring • to -let ;the matter rest
until after the September elections, when
the ; Landsthing Is likely to give the'Min
istry a majority,, enabling it to secure:the
ratification unconditionally^ Knowledge of
this will: now in all probability conduce' to
a satisfactory compromise with, the oppo
' sition. . -" -i--.- : . vNC;. ' Y - ' '-
DANISH WEST INDIES
TREATY IS CONSIDERED
•Albert Henry Mowbray, • Annie Sllverbenr.
•James Hugh Wise.
• Sixth Congressional District — Eugene Francis
Aloysius Carey, 'Raymond William Henderson
•Effle Josephine Rigden, •Elizabeth Smith Wet
more.
Seventh Congressional District — Fred Calvin
Dunham, Florence Holman Fortson, Mary
Frances French, *Ethel Blaine Magee.
Eighth Congressional District — Dorcas Bart
lett Asher, •Ethel Carter, •Clinton Kelly Judy.
LEVI STRAUSS SCHOLARS.
First Congressional District — 'Mary Helen
Campbell, "Mabel Elizabeth Coddlngton, Edith
Tracy, •William Eugene Yocom.
. Second Congressional District — 'John Joseph
Mazza, Janet 'Ruth Mery, James William
Welty. .
Third Congressional District — *Cora Elizabeth
Hampel, "James Mossln Koford, Elsie Nutting,
Rosalind Wulzen. |
Fourth and Fifth Congressional districts (to
1 gether) — 'Edward Gustav Cahill, Pauline
Chamberlain Goetzee, 'Anna Herkner, Scheme
Charlotte Kurlandzlk. ?Leslie Wrlghtson Stock
er, 'Ralph Watts Wardwell, Harry Lincoln
Wollenbenr. 'i .<¦>.
Sixth Congressional District— 'Ethel Bartlett,
•Evie Myrtle Gilbert, "Martha Elizabeth Miller.
Seventh Congressional District — 'Everett Eu
gene Adams, Robert Sibley, William Irving
Steele. /
Eighth Congressional District — Ezra Ottley
Burgess. Carrie Euretta Hell, Margaret Elna
More, 'Ralph Oliver Reiner.
Yukon Is Open to Travel.
VANCOUVER. B. C, May 12.-The ice
in the Yukon has broken and winter Is
ended. . The break-up occurred during- a
blinding snowstorm,-, with the mercury at
40 degrees above. • The .' water rose six
feet, but little damage resulted. A flood
is expected unless the jam breaks within
twenty-four hours. The river Is now clear
from Lower Lebarge to - Big Salmon.
Steamers "laden with the freight which
has been accumulated at White Horse are
following the ice down and the first is
expected, to reach Dawson: this week. '
"WASHINGTON, May 11.— An Important
contribution to the discussion of the
Philippine government bill was made
in the Senate to-day by Foraker of Ohio.
He maintained that the United States
could not leave the islands until order
had been restored and until a stable gov
ernment had been established. He de
clared that this Government would nor
come away from the islands .under j the
present ot the next administration, even
though the latter be Democratic, because
the American people would never con
sent to poltroonery. Foraker read some
editorials from the , Denver News, of
which Patterson of Colorado is the pro
nrietor The editorials maintained, that
the United States must retain control ot
the Philippines and put down the insur
rection among the Filipinos. With keen
sarcasm the Senator declared that the ed
itorial did • not read as did Patterson's
speeches now. Foraker held that the
policy adopted in the Philippines was
one of the kindest and gentlest possible
and in strict accordance with the instruc
tions of President McKinley. He de
clared- that the minority had attacked
the army from? the commanding general
to the humblest private, all because the
taxmy had resented outrages, without
parallel In cruelty, committed by. the Fil
ipinos. The American army, he said, had
shown a" humanity unsurpassed in- his
tory. The American people always, had
stood by their army and they always
would... •;;..- :¦•-': ISJISSS
not Leave the Islands Until
There Is Order.
Declares That the United States Can-
SENATOR FORAKER SPEAKS
ON PHILIPPINE SITUATION
' A great crowd awaited her appearance
at the Golden Eagle Hotel, and when she
finally took her seat in a victoria laden
with pampas plumes and drawn by four
fine blacks, a cheer went up from,thou
sands % of thr6ats. Mounted heralds,
quaintly attired, rode ahead, while in two
breaks the maids of honor followed the
forty concessions occupied the
midway, and the* attractions afforded a
world of amusement for the good-natured
multitude. The crowning of the May
Queen, Miss Fay Jackson, was the chief
event of the evening. • .
SACRAMENTO, May 12.— The third
annual street fair opened bril
liantly to-night, there being an
Immense attendance. More than
Archbishop Ireland . of St. Paul. arrived
in Baltimore this morning and proceeded
to the Cardinal's residence, where the
two ¦ prelates . were in conference . until
noon. It is not known what was the sub
ject discussed at their meeting, though it
was probably the Philippines, as well as
the successorship to Archbishop Corrigan.
BALTIMORE, May, 12.— Cardinal Gib
bons, who was .to .have left for St. Augus
tine, Fla., to-day to take part In the con
secration of Bishop-elect "William J. Ken
ny in the cathedral there next, Sunday,
has altered his arrangements and will not
start until to-morrow.
Kenny.
Consecration of Bishop-Elect
Goes to Florida to Take Part in the
CARDINAL GIBBONS LEAVES
TO-DAY FOR ST. AUGUSTINE
A drop of rain descended from an omin
ously dark sky, but the heavens forbore
to spoil the fairy scene, and for the rest
of the evening perfect springtime weather
prevailed. \
To-morrow will witness the big event of
the week, the floral parade. It Is expected
to start about 2:30 o'clock in the afternoon
and will contain many handsomely deco
rated turnouts.
Arriving at the throne, and in the pres
ence of a vast -throng which covered the
grandstand and filled the street, the cere
mony of crowning the Queen and the
presentation of the keys of the city by
Mayor Clark was performed with much
pomp. The mimicry of royalty seemed to
please the crowd greatly. Miss Jackson,
in her raiment of purple and ermine, made
a bewitching picture as she ascended to
the throne from which she Is to rule the
week's festival. >¦ . -
Queen. The maids, too, were most pret
tily gowned, and with their powdered
haired little pages added a charm to the
fairy-like spectacle.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 12.— Charles Dieb
llng. collector and manager of the whole
sale department of Wakelln & Co.. gro
cers, to-day walked into the Sheriff's of
fice and gave himself up, confessing the
embezzlement of about $1000 of the firm's
money. The grocers, when notified, made
no charge against him and he was re
leased. He is now at home with his wife
and children. The examination of his
books shows a shortage that it is believed
will aggregate $1500 or more. Rlebling
says he has been gambling, but no one
knows where.
Robbed Firm Will Not Prosecute.
"We have a larger and better trunk than
the $7 50 special offered last week. It is
made of genuine basswood, brass trimmed,
with two straps, two trays and cloth
faced, at $8 50. Also a sole leather suit
case, with ehirt told and steel framei for
$0 50. All trunks, valises and leather
goods lettered free of charge. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Trunks and Valises.
The Condor sailed from Esquimau on
December 2d for the South Sea islands via
Honolulu and was never heard of again.
She was given up by the Admiralty and
officially written off the books on Febru
ary 17th, after some life buoys, a boat
and miscellaneous wreckage had been
found on the west coast of Vancouver
Island. It was the theory of many that
she collided with the lost Matteawan, be
lieved to have gone down in the \ same
storm, while others gave it as their opin
ion that she had foundered. The letter
from the sealer shows that the latter
theory was the correct one.
The schooner Mary Taylor is now on
her way to the Bering sea and Copper
Islands on a sealing expedition and will
be back about two months hence. "When
she arrives the scene attendant upon the
foundering of the warship may be told
in full.
It is too bad about the Condor, isn't it?
One of the schooners see her In distress on
the night of December 3. She was firing off
guns and skyrockets and afterward she went
down. It was too rough to gat near her.
The writer refers to the Condor again in
the close of his letter, saying:
I suppose you have heard all about the Con
dor, though, from the papers. •
This would indicate that he could give
further details of the disaster. •
VICTORIA, B. C, May 12.— The fate of
H. M. S. Condor has at length been defi
nitely learned. She went- down, as many
had believed, in the heavy southeast gale
of December 3d, soon after leaving the
Straits of San Juan de Fuca. The. news
of the foundering of the lost warship is
given in a letter which Robert Marshall,
a boat puller on the sealing schooner
Mary Taylor wrote to his brother, a resi
dent at Metchosin, near this city. The
letter, which is evidently the production
of a none too literate man, does not give
much detail, but this sentence in- which
lie speaks of the Condor shows that she
foundered during that awful night of De
cember 3d, carrying her crew of-Jlft, down
to death near Cape Flattery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The noire, smoke and flames drew a
preat crowd to the scene. Troops of chil
dren ran from their play to the fire. The
yar3s at Sheridan lie in a narrow valley.
On the pouth side of the yard Is a rounded
hill, bare of trees. On the other vide of
the yards a hill fully 200 feet high rises
sheer above the roundhouse. In less than
fifteen minutes both these hills were bfack
with men, women and children, who were
eagerly watching the flames in the cut be
low.
Suddenly a third explosion was heard,
muffled this»time, as though from a dis
tance, and eventually coming from the
mouth of the valley on the Ohio River.
Between the time when the first tank of
naphtha was damaged in switching and
pprun^r a leak and the moment when It
exploded enough of the liquid had es
caped to work its way into the sewer that
emptied into the Ohio River near the
mouth of Cork Run. Burning . oil, too
found its way into the sewer, and as soon
as it reached the open air at the mouth
an explosion followed. This third explo
sion, {separated as it was by a mile from
the i scene of the burning cars at . Sheri
servert as a warning to the few specta
tor! there. "
Men and women, their clothing ablaze,
their faces scorched and blistered and
their hair burned off their heads, ran
wildly shrieking, hither and thither, 'only
intent on escape from that awfuk furnace
of fire. Some gave vent to frenzied ap
peals to kill them and put them out of
their misery, while little children with
their curlj' locks and light summer cloth-
Ins on fire cried piteously as they were
pwept along. The townspeople did all In
their power for the stricken victims, and
the Pittsbursr ambulances were immedi
ately dispatched to the scene with a corps
of physicians. Many of those not seri
ously burned were removed to their homes
in Sheridan, while others were sent to the
various Pittsburg: hospitals. The dead
were removed to undertaking establish
ments in Sheridan and vicinity and to
the Pittsburgr Morgue.
The .first explosion sent showers of
burning naphtha upon the freight sta
tion, near at hand, and also enveloped a
number of carloads of lumber that were
close by and in a moment all were blaz
ing. Fifteen minutes after the first ex
plosion the two cars of refined petroleum,
that had been damaged by the bursting
of the tank of naphtha and were leaking,
blew up with a terrific report. No one
was injured by this, however.
A torrent of flames belched forth on
cither side of the track, sweeping back
the terrified spectators and sending a
shower of flame over their heads resem
bling Mont Pelee on a Email scale.
The scene that followed was almost be
yond description. The successive explo
sions had heated the air to such an ex
tent that before the third explosion many
were rendered unconscious by the ex
treme heat and the gaseous fumes and
were being carried away when the tor
rent of flame swept over the excited
crowd.
STJFFEKEB3 WELCOME PEATS.
The cause of the catastrophe was the
explosion "of a train of naphtha cars,
which were being switched at the yard.
In the switching the rear car telescoped
a car forward. The leaking naphtha ig
nited from a switch light, causing an ex
plosion which threw the flames fifty feet
high. Much of the escaping naphtha ran
through Corks run to Esplainborough, a
distance of one and a half miles, and
caused another explosion, blowing to
atoms the Seymour Hotel and the Collins
House, on River road, and badly wreck-
Ing a frame building near by, in which
were congregated 200 or more men from
Pittsburg and vicinity, betting on the
races and ball games. Few of the oc
cupants of this building escaped injury,
many being badly hurt. Mrs. Seymour
and her daughter of the Sheridan Hotel
were seriously and, it is feared, fatally
injured.
The first car of naphtha exploded about
4:40 o'clock, and the spectacle soon at
tracted a large crowd on the streets lin
ing the hills parallel to the railroad.
The second car exploded about 5 o'clock,
but it was 6:15 o'clock when three more
cars of the deadly stuff went up with a
roar that could be heard for miles that
the work of destruction really began.
CAUSE OF THE DISASTEE.
Frank Doers.
William Henderson, aged 22, Elliott
borough.
Huch Henderson, aged 25.
J. E. Hanna. Bridgeville.
J. J. Wallace, Treviscan.
James Callahan, Elliottborougb.
Albert Verry, aged 15, Sheridan, burned
about body, inhaled flames; will die.
Mrs. Julia Ansell, aged 28, Sheridan.
Frank Culture, ag£d 30. Carnegie.
Matthew Mooreland, aged 25, badly
burned; probably will die.
Many others who were injured lived in
variou6 parts of Allegheny County and
their names cannot be obtained to-night.
Roy Guthridge, aged 9.
Clyde Fair, aged 22.
Charles Keenan. aged 14.
W. H. Enoch, Pittsburg, fractured skull,
•will die.
PASTIAL LIST OF INJUBJED
The names of the following persons who
are among those seriously injured have
been gathered:
Albert Haerlig, aged 12.
Carl Eatings, Tipton, Tenn.
Henry Denzine, Allegheny.
Sadie Seymour, aged 23.
Fick Conidi, aged 43, grocer, Cecil, Pa.
Clyde Grinnage, aged 24.
PITTSBURG, Pa., 2Iay 12.— The new
Eheridan yard of the Panhandle Railroad
v.as the scene this evening of the most
disastrous explosion and tire known in
this section for many years. A score of
lives were lost, and ablut 200 persons
were so , badly burned that according to
the judgment of the physicians in at
tendance 75 per cent of them will die from
the effects of their injuries.
The Panhandle Railroad Company has
thirty-six tracks through Sheridan and
has succeeded in keeping communication
open. The property loss will amount to
at least $600,000. The dead are:
ALBERT MeKEAX, brakeman. Sheri
dan.
JOHN* SWAN, brakeman. Sheridan.
L'XKXOWX BOY, died on way to tiie
Allegheny general hospital.
H. F. SMITHLEY, Uhrichsville, Ohio,
died in Mercy Hospital.
FINEKTY, aged 40 years. Sinter
vine, Va., died in Mercy hospital.
CHARLES HERLIXG, Chestnut mines,
died in Mercy hospital.
W. W. TAYLOR, 27 years old, of Mill
er's Station, died in Mercy hospital.
G. E. HUNTER. 2S years old, leaves
•wife and five children, of Sheridan, died
at Mercy hospital.
DAVID SMITH, aged 9 years, of Sheri
dan died in Allegheny General Hospital.
\V. E. WRIGHT. 2« years old, of Sheri
dan, died in Mercy Hospital.
DALLAS BORT, 72 years of age, died
at Mercy Hospital.
UNKNOWN WHITE MAN, about 40
years old.
DOUDS. died at Mercy Hospital.
JAMES KEENAN, aged 20 years, Car
negie.
PASCO MADER, Italian section hand,
aged about 3S.
UNKNOWN BOY, aged 10.
W. E. RESI, Dorenceton, Luzerne
County.
TONY LEO, laborer, aged SO.
LAWRENCE KEENAN, yard master's
clerk, Carnegie.
Score of Lives Lost and Fully Two
Hundred Persons Are Injured,
Majority of Whom Will
Die.
Crew of Sailing Vessel Is Unable to
Give Aid in Response to the
Warship's Signals of .-7 ..;;....
Distress.
Explosions Follow and Burn
ing Fluid Is Thrown Upon
Bystanders.
Down During Storm of
December 3.
¦ ¦ - . ¦ . ¦.¦¦¦-• .¦¦' y
Says the British Craft Went
Tells, in Letter to His
Brother, of Cruiser's
. Foundering. V ,
Naphtha Escaping From
a Wrecked Freight
Car Is Ignited.
CONDOR'S FATE
IS REVEALED
BY A SEALER
MEET DEATH
IN VERITABLE
SEA OF FIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL), TUESDAY MAY' 13. 1902.
With Mimic Regal Pomp the One Week's Reign of
Her Charming' Majesty Over the Street Fair
in the Capital City Is Auspiciously Commenced
QUEEN FAY RECEIVES THE CROWN
IN SIGHT OF MANY THOUSANDS
EXECUTIVE WHO PRESENTED
CAPITAL CITY'S" KEYS TO THE
BEAUTIFUL CARNIVAL. QUEEN.
5
AUCTION!
VON RHEIN R, E. CO.
DIAMOND DYES I*nrest. Strong-
est. Simplest. Fastest of all dyea.
Boys and girls with such a start In life
as they always receive from Paine's Cel-
ery Compound, grow up as sturdy as for-
est oaks; Ihey revel In strength and true
life; they are fair to behold; they make
the men and women most needed by our
country. Do your part this month, dear
parents, with promptness and honesty,
and rest assured Paine's Celery Com-
pound will not fail in its grand work of
health building.
When winter grippe has implanted seeds
of virulent diseases, the first and most
important work is to expel from the blood
every trace of poison-. This is always suc-
cessfully accomplished by the use of.
Paine's Celery Compound. /
This marvelous medicine after purifyingr
the foul and stagnant blood, acts as a
nerve food. It builds up the nervous sys-
.tem and nourishes all the bodily tissues.
If your children are not blithesome,
happy, boisterous, and strong in May,
their condition calls for prompt action on
your part. Their future— health and phy-
sical happiness or sufferings and ea,rly
death— is in your hands, dear parents,
and you alone are responsible to Heaven
and the community of which you form a
part.
fiVK poients, have any of your children
suffered from an attack of the cruel mon-
ster grippe, during the past winter
months? Are your boys and girls irrit-
able, feverish, pale, or weak? Have the;'
cold and clammy limbs? Is the blood
watery. Impure, or sluggish? Is the ap-
petite poor and digestion weak? Has the
rose tint of health faded from the cheek3?
If any of these conditions are noted, be
assured the dregs of deadly grippe are
implanted In the system.
A busy city physician, enjoying a large
annual income, remarked the other day
that a host of young pecplo — boys and
gir!s-wcre suHcring this month from the
after eftert» o£ winter grippa.
The Wondrous Medicine Quickly
Expels all Germ Poisons from
the Blood and Fortifies the
Weak and Run Down •
System.
Compound
For Their Loved Ones.-
Wise Parents Provide
Paine's Celery
Many otOurBoys and Girls are
.Suffering This Month from
the After Effects of
Winter Grippe.
B13 CALIFORNIA STREET.
THURSD/\Y, MFLY 15th
12 O'CLOCK M. SHARP.
Cor. Geary and Laguna — T Superb
. Lots, All Sunny.
" 137:6
8
— t'
27:« 27:6 ,27:6 27:8 I 27:6
GEARY STREET.
PACIFIC AVE. — HOME OF JUDGE "Vv". C
VAN FLEET.
27x127:6—2721 Pacific. TV of Scott; 12 roonu.
8 baths; hardwood floors; furnace, range, bil-
liard room, reception hall. etc.
CALIFORNIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
27:6x132:6—2914 California, sunny side, west
of Broderlck: 9 rooms, bath, laundry, etaj
rood yard.
COR. JONES AND FILBERT— RENTS $63.
41x70 — NE. cor. Jones and Filbert: 4 flats;
marine view: bank mortgaso can remain: 800-
096 Filbert.
LEAVENWORTH, NR. ELLIS— Rents $37 60.
22x82:6—310 and 312 Leaven worth. For ab-
solute certainty of advance in value no locatioa
superior to this.
MCALLISTER— STORE. FLATS— RENTS $63.
28:0x137:6 — 1015 McAllister. ~W. of Buchanan;
rents $C5; can be greatly Increased by a mod-
erate expenditure.
1574 POST. EAST OF LAGUKA.
25:10x90 — 77:1 ft. E. of Laguna; sunny lot;
adapted for fiats or dwelling; Improvements no
value. ' .
21st-STREET FLATS— RENTS $30.
25x100—2332 and 2934 21st st., N. line, east
of Treat ave.; each flat 5 rooms and bata.
S. W. COR. 17th and CHURCH.
100x100, with store and residence improve-
ments — 3711 to 3717 Seventeenth St.. or will
sell corner. 55:6x100 and adjoining lot oa
Seventeenth St.. 44 :6xl00.
BUILDING LOTS— CASTRO AND 19tll STS.
V 45x80 — West line of Castro. 30 feet N. of
19th. In 1 or 2 lots; also 45x75. N. line of
19th. W. of Castro, in 1 or 2 lots.
TWO DIAMOND-STREET LOTS— BARGAIN.
Two lots, each 25x115, west line of Diamond.
310 feet S. of Twenty-first street.
LARGE DOLORES-STREET LOT.
30:6x117:6 to an alley — Mission sunny belt;
east line of Dolores. 122 N. of Twenty-second.
Dolores Is one of the widest streets. In the city,
GEARY-STR- ET CORNER— RENT $34.
25x92—2295 Geary and 1316 to 20 BrodericS]
suitable for grocery; $3000 bank mortgage caa
remain.
DR. HALL'S HEINYICOSATORf^^
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five Jkljj"*ia
huudreJ reward for any case wem ""tt
cannot cure. This secret ' rem- % -' ¦ __>'!
edy cures Emissions. Impctency. j&Vj £SJ-1
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, fSfw Sul
Strictures, Drains. Lost Man- liiy li?f~4
hood and all other -wasting ef- ft^SHS^S
fects of selt-abuse or excess**. h/V .TrVMB
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; euaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 836 Broad.
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073»i
Market it.. S. F. Send for free book.
WeeHy Gall $1,00 per Tear
Ladies, Be on Your Guard !
DENOUNCE THE RASCALS
-Who. steal your money by. forcing upon Lablache Face Powder - is a positive
you a dangerous counterfeit powder when benefit to the skin. It freshens, clears,
you : ask; for the genuine, Lablache beautifies. Restores and preserves the
Powder. ' Give your trade to honest and natural softness of the skin; while the
reliable dealers who will sell you the gen- • counterfeit : powder will Injure, the com-
uine La riiche Face Powder, the Btand- plexion,. We ask that every lady using
ard toile "powder, which Is in general use Lablache Pace' Powder will examine the
by the best and most distinguished women, label of the box carefully, and If In doubt
not only inAmericaJ but also in London, as to the genuineness of the powder, send
Paris,' Dresden, Hongkong, 'Shanghai, us the circular or the cover of the box, to-
Japan and , Manila, . and, ; in ' fact,, every- gether with the name of the dealer from
"where.'. Its virtues, have been sounded by whom the powder was purchased, and if
Sarah Bernhardt, ' Mme. Emma Eame3, it is the counterfeit, -she will be advised
Mme. Emma CaJve, Mme. Suzanne by return mail, so" that she can \ demand
Adams, Mile, Rea,' Mile.' dcLussan,. Miss that her money be refunded, and whoever
Maude Adams, Miss Marguerita Sylva arid sold it will be prosecuted to the full ex-
by tcores of other famous; women of -the tent of the law. Fifty cents per box ot
Btage and in ' private life. The genuine all-reliable druggists or by. mail.
pDEj^rJLC^ I^--\JSL : ;-y.Ui'" 125 Kin^stJon St.
i^ BOSTON, 7V\/\SS.
, Ban Francisco, -Tuesday, 13 May, 1902. !
"Roxburys," 7K cents
¦ ,** . * - ¦ .
What funny tales you hear about '•Roxbury"
/ carpets these days. One dealer remarked to a
customer recently— "Of course I have 'Roxburys,'
but you don't want them; they are being made by
a different factory now and the quality has been
cheapened " .-- l - rv - ¦ ¦
Of course this is not true.
The quality of "Roxbury" carpets is identi-
cally the same to-day as it has always been — the
same as it was before we cut the price, when
dealers the city over were selling it for $1.10 the
yard. Furthermore, the same manufacturers who
have been making the "Roxbury" for years are
making it to-day.
Remember our price — 75 cents— includes
sewing, lining and laying. Twenty-five patterns
to choose from. , : '
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
.957 to, 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
PAINE'S CELEB.Y COMPOTES!).
- »LIBRARY- FUND— Calif ornians, .• City.
Those. who apply to Andrew Carnegie for
a library -fund for a city, or town should
make i the same in the usual j form of | ap
plying for anything, by petition, Iwhlch
must set forth; all- the facts -and f therea
son "• for : the % request. ;: ; Carnegie's ? address
is 5 West ; Fifty-first 5 street,-: , New York
City."; . This ' department '; has i not " the name
'of -his private: secretary.'. • ~
Now. that the. delegates of the women's clubs have
finished their convention at Los Angeles it is' in or
der for the secretary to. prepare a diagram showing
what they did and the curves they > made in ac
complishing it. . .
NAVAL ORDNANCE— M. ' M. Z., Sis
son, Cal: "J In "the United States navy the
largest guns outside of those on monitors
are thirteen-inch;. the monitors the
largest are flf teen-inchl
The debate . on the Philippine bill seems to be
nothing more than , a general raking up of all the
harsh and cruel things that have been done in any
war of recent years, and if it- were sawed off -short
the country would be satisfied. :
COLUMBIAN HALVES-S. W. B., City.
A premium' of 10 cents is offered for a
Columbian half of 1892, but none for one
of 1893." ' • ' ': .
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A motor sleigh propelled by , spiked
wheels is patented- in Germany.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
Best LiverMedlclne, Vegetable Cure for LJverlUs.
Biliousness. Indigestion.- Constipation. 2ialaria. #
, Ever since President Roosevelt went over to the
home of Senator Hanna one morning and took
breakfast with him for the purpoSe. of sampling, the
Hanna flapjacks there has been talk in the East of
"harmony breakfasts" among all sorts of politicians
and statesmen. It seems like rather an early rrieal
for that sort of thing, but perhaps that is the best
time to. catch the worm of peace.
Use Allen's Foot-Ease,
a. powder. Cures hot, swollen, smarting, aching
sweating feet & ingrowing nails; kills sting of
Corns and Bunions. 30,000 testimonials. AU drug
& shoe stores sell it. 25c. Ask to-day. Samol*
mailed Free. Allen S. Olmsted. Le Roy, N. x.
The Northern Pacific Railway la the beat,
cheapest and quickest route. I*row Lewlstoa
and Stites. Idaho, there are good wagon roada
to either "Warrens or Dixie, from which point*
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. addresa T. K. STATEl^B,
G. A., 647 Market st. S. P. -•,*.::
f? Going to Thunder Mountain Tt
A. C. Kuhn, a merchant of San Jose,
Is here on a short business trip and hai
made his headquarters at the Palace.
.Felipe Gallcia, Consul for Guatemala
is in the Mount ZIon Hospital in this city
seriously ill. .
E. B. Ryan, tax attorney for the South
ern Pacific, registered at the Occidental
yesterday.
L. A. Whithurst, a prominent resident
of Gilroy, is at the Lick, accompanied by
his wife. . .
President David S. Jordan of Stanford
is at the Occidental.
J. M. Jones, a capitalist of Colusa, is a
guest at the Grand.
J. B. Dougherty, a hotel man of Duns
muir.is at the Grand.
Frank H. Buck, a fruit grower of Vaca
ville, Is at the Palace. •
Dr. D.'A. Foote of Omaha is among the
arrivals at the Occidental.
John Sparks, a well-known mining man
of Reno, is a guest at the Palace.
; E. B. Rich, a marshal of Pacific Grove,
is among the arrivals at the Grand.
The folio-wing are found to be the dens
ities of the. planets, water being 1: Mer
cury, 3; Venus. 5.14; earth, '.50; moon 3 34-
Mars,' 4; Jupiter, 1.25; Saturn, 0.68; Ura
nus, 1.69; Neptune, 2.29.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Erom One to Thirty-Five.
Marshall Fountain Pens $L a! A.
Waterman Fountain Pens $1 50. Water
man's Ideal Fountain Pens from $2 50 to
135 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. . •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. - •
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50o a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern frienda.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building •
Prunes stuffed, with apricots.Townsend'a.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's*
The fight against ; : the law is to be made in ear
nest The lawyers who are handling the case have
These things will raise a laugh, but the laugh from
intelligent men- will not be long. A deliberate wrong
is .to be perpetrated in Alabama under the form ofa
farce, but the wrong is so gross and abominable that
no farcical conception of it will make fair-minded
men pass it over as. a jest.
Questions of that kind were not only intended to
do ji gross wrong,' but to make a jest while doing it.
The aim of the authors can have been nothing else
than that of turning the whole outrage into a kind
of farce and making the law itself as ridiqulous as it
is unjust. It adds to the humor of the situation that
the plaintiff who was . called upon to answer those
questions as an evidence of his understanding of the
duties of citizenship avers in his complaint that he
answered them correctly. It is a pity he did not state
what his answers were. The Monticello Club of this
city is full of bright young men who would like to
know what are the differences between the Jeffer
sonian Democracy and the Calhoun ; principles as
compared with the Monroe doctrine.
One clause of the Alabama suffrage law requires
that the applicant for registration must be able : to
understand the constitution and the duties of citizen
ship. The Registrars have a right to examine every
applicant and to reject those who in their judgment
show a lack of such understanding. The complaint
states a number of questions which the Registrars of
Montgomery County put to intelligent negroes, who
applied for registration. One of these questions was:
"What arc the differences , between the Jeffersonian
Democracy and the Calhoun principles as compared
with the Monroe doctrine?" Another was: "If the
Nicaragua canal is cut, what will be the effect if the
Pacific Ocean is two feet higher than the Atlantic?"
WHEN the telegraphic dispatches brought
information that a suit had been begun in
the courts of Alabama to test the constitu
tionality of the suffrage restrictions imposed in the
new constitution of that State little or nothing was
said of the exact nature of the complaint made by_
the plaintiff, who asked for an order of the court
compelling the Montgomery County Board of Reg
istrars to place his name upon the list of voters.
Since that time the -Atlanta Constitution has been
received containing a detailed report of the com
plaint. It reveals the fact that the Board of Regis
trars in that county at least has been carrying out
the work of suppressing the negro vote with a degree
of humor that would make the fortune of a writer of
the librettos of comic operas.
THE ALABAMA FARCE.
Smith— Worse than that. She Is his
present wife's dressmaker.— Chicago
News.
Last Fate Worse That His First-
Smith— Poor. Wederly is having a hard
time ot it. His first wife got a divorce
from him. you know.
Jones— Yes, and he has a hard time
paying her alimony, I suppose.
Tim— Aw, he got a nickel sumhow, and
ever' feller he meets he asts him ef he kin
change it. — Boston Post.
Ostentatious Display of Wealth.— Tim—
Dat Muggsy kid makes me tired.
Sal— Why?
Opinions— "When a man says he has hi*
opinion of another man, says the llana
yunk philosopher, you can put it down 03
a mighty poor opinion.— Philadelphia Rec
ord..
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The project to establish such .a school should not
be forgotten in the rush of business and politics. It
should be kept in mind until the last dollar required
for its foundation has been provided. After that it
ivill be able to take care of itselt
California is in great need of trained farm workers.
The advancement of cur orchards and vineyards calls
for a high degree of skill. Men who know how to
handle fruit and vines, who understand the inten
sive cultivation required for market gardens and
berry farms, are needed in every county. Large as
have been the profits obtained by industry from our
soil, we have not yet begun to reap the full. measure
of the harvest it can be made to yield by the applica
tion of science to agriculture. The proposed school
will fit young men for that kind of farm work and
will therefore benefit the State as well as the young
men themselves, and add largely to the revenues we
derive from our farms, orchards, vineyards, gardens
and fields.
Father Crowley's project is philanthropic in its
motives, but is eminently practical in its scope and
methods. A tract of land suitable for the purpose
znd of ample dimensions has been bonded at a sum
much lower than a similar tract of land equally well
situated can be obtained in future years. Its imme
diate purchase will therefore be a profitable invest
ment to begin with. When once in operation the
industrious boys under the direction of skillful in
structors and good managers will make the farm very
near self-supporting. The enterprise is therefore
one that appeals to the business sense of the com
munity and merits support on that ground as well as
rpon the claims of benevolence.
There is an urgent need of such a school. The
drift of young men to the cities is one of the great
est evils of modern civilization. It is as bad from
an economical as from a moral point of view, for a
very large proportion of the boys who come to the
city in the hope of bettering their fortunes could
earn more, save more and have more chances to es
tablish themselves in independence by staying in the
country and making themselves masters of some
branch of rural industry.
Although the proposed school is recommended
directly by Archbishop Riordan and the task of
founding it has been undertaken by the Rev.
Father Crowley of the Youths' Directory, it is in no
sense a sectarian movement. When established the
school will make no distinction of race, color or
creed. The prime object will be that of providing
boys with a good moral training, educating them in
rseful work and fitting them to become good citi
zens, prosperous men and successful cultivators of
the soil.
Immediately upon its announcement the appeal
was received with general approval. In this busy
world, however, new things arise every day to crowd
out of mind the things of yesterday, and it is quite
probable a good many people who are willing to
contribute to the fund may have had their attention
turned to other things and are therefore likely to
overlook the proposed school. The projectors of the
enterprise are not advertising it. They are not mak
ing a popular sensation of it. Their work is being
done quietly. It is just as well, therefore, to recall
public attention to it — lest we forget.
SOME days ago there was submitted to the peo
ple of California an appeal for contributions
to aid in the establishment of a school, to train
boys in all forms of rural industry. The appeal was
supported by a circular letter, from Archbishop
Riordan, which set forth the purposes of the school,
tbe methods by which the desired object is to be
attained, and the amount of money required to pur
chase the land and erect and equip the necessary
buildings.
LEST WE FORGET.
The victory is essentially a victory for the repub
lic against all its foes. The Ministry is of a compo
site character and does not stand for any particular
party or programme, of policy except that of main
taining, the existing constitution. It would appear,
therefore, that France has at last attained stable
equilibrium and has nothing to fear from Caesarism,
reaction or radicalism. .'„•:-.'
He accomplished all that without the display of
brilliancy of any kind. It has been a triumph for
plain honesty and sound common sense applied to
the. problems of statecraft. How completely he has
succeeded in eliminating the Dreyfus case from poli
tics is shown by the fact that Drumont, the leader of
the anti-Dreyfus forces, was defeated in Paris, while
Reinach, the Dreyfus champion, was defeated in the
Department of the Basses Alpes. Anti-Semitism was
routed all along the line, and the voters have
shown everywhere an intention to rid their politics
of any and every kind of racial or class antagonism.
By this victory before the people Waldeck-Rous
seau.crowns with triumph the most remarkable suc
cess that has been attained in French politics since
the establishment of the republic. When he entered
office it was said he was. but a makeshift and would
be deposed within six months. He found France
torn with dissension over the Dreyfus case, without
allies, discredited abroad and disordered at home.
By an exercise of tact, patience and diplomacy he
managed to set aside the Dreyfus case, put an end to
the agitation against the army, strengthen himself
in the Chamber, make an avowed ally of Russia and
procure for France a prestige she has not enjoyed
for many a year.
The fact that the Ministerialists were more success
ful in the reballotings than in the first elections is
in itself encouraging, for it shows that the various
elements of the. opposition are not able to combine
and that' a majority of those who oppose the Minis
try on some particular ground make it their second
choice. They will vote for their own particular can
didate on the first ballot, but if he be defeated and
the choice has to be made between a Ministerialist
and some other opponent of the Ministry they will
vote for the existing Government. That feeling puts
an end to any fears 1 concerning the stability of the
Government. So long as the Nationalists, the Im
perialists, the Royalists, the Clericals and the Social
ists will vote for the Government rather than for one
another there is no danger of revolution. The repub
lic is secure. . .
Notwithstanding some disorders here and there,
especially in Paris and Marseilles, the elections are
said to have been the quietest in the recent history
of. France. •, The prevalence of good order was in no
sense due to indifference, for no less than 2600 can
didates appeared for the 584 seats in the Chamber,
and the opposition to the Ministry was keen and
vigorous. The lack of serious disturbances may
therefore be taken as a. proof that the French are
learning how to hold elections without undue ex
citement and have acquired sufficient confidence in
their Government to realize it is not likely to be
overthrown however the elections result.
Out of 174 reballotings reports were received on
Monday "from 168. Of those the Ministerialists car
ried 128 and the opposition 40. As the first ballot
ings returned a Ministerial majority, it will be seen
that the Government has an assured control of the
Chamber of Deputies and the Ministry will be able
to go on with its work undisturbed.
REPORTS of the elections in France on Sun
day show that the results of the. reballotings
are even more favorable to the Ministry than
those of the first. Even in Paris, where the first con
tests gave not a single seat to the Ministry, the sec
ond gave them nineteen seats, a gain of three over
the previous • Chamber, and among the. successful
candidates is M. Millerand, the Minister of Com
merce, against whom the opposition exerted all its
forces.
STABILITY IN FRANCE.
In pressing forward the Cuban reciprocity bill and
delaying the isthmian canal bill and the shipping bill
Republican leaders in Congress have blundered, but
fortunately for the party the • Democrats in making
wholesale attacks upon the American army, have
blundered- worse. There are; very few Americans
who are going to vote for Aguinaldo.
TUESDAY MAY 13, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. '£
ICirttt AD CcmjattietlicM to W. 8. LEASE, JCanager.
TELEPHONE.
£sk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
STATEMENT Cf CIRCULATION, OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Month of April, 1902.
April 1 01,380 . April 16 59,970
April 2 OO.3OO ! April 17 51>,57O
April 3 OO.14O April 18 C0.300
April 4 00,200 j April 19 00,400
April .1 CO.44O April SO 71,100
April O 7O.G50 April 21 5J>,75O
April 7 ...OO.11O April 22 50,490
April S <;o.r.:jl) April 23 59,740
April 9 00,200 April 24 CO,.%7O
April 1O 59.9.SO April 25 O1.1GO
April U.;« 59,700 April 20 OO.OOO
April 12 O0.C50 April 27 73,700
April 13 7O.SOO April 28 01,000
April 14 CO,1MO April 29. . . 00,430
April 15 00,250 April 30 01,370
Total 1,855,710
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. J „
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCI6CO. \ ss *
On this ll'th day of May. 1902. personally appeared before
me, William T. Hess, a Notary Public In and for the city and
county aforesaid, W. J. Martin, who being sworn according
to law declares that he Is the business manager of The San
Francisco Call, a daily newspaper published in the city and
ccunty of San Francisco, State of California, and that there
were rrtnted and distributed during the month of April. l»02.
one million elgrht hundred and fifty-five thousand seven hun
dred and ten <1.S55.71O) copies of the said newspaper, which
number divided by thirty (the number of days of Issue) gives
an average daily circulation of 01,857 copies.
SEAL. I W. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of May,
3902. W. T. HESS.
Notary Public In snd for the City and County of San Fran
cisco, State of California, room 1015 Claus Spreckels build
ing.
Later in the evening many friends called
to add their felicitations. Those who
formed the .dinner party were Mr. and
Mrs. H. C. Norton, Mr. and Mrs. S. V.
Mooney, Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Rogers, Miss
Hutchison, Miss Brim, Captain O. C.
Hamlet, Mr. fF.S. Oliver, Mr. G. W.
Wheelock, Mr. F. O. Bushnell and Mr.
E. A. Hassan. •
The silver wedding anniversary of Mr.
and Mrs. H. C. Norton was celebrated at
the Hotel Nordhoff Friday of last week.
The decorations comprised a wealth of
orange blossoms, Bride roses, American
Beauties and carnations. Other table dec
orations were white and silver candles
and pale green and silver fancies in bon
bons and ribbons. Covers were laid for
fourteen, and the fortunate couple were
congratulated "on the happy quarter of a
century passed in each other's society.
Mrs. Robert Louis Stevenson and family
are at their summer home at Gilroy.
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Huntington are pre
paring to make. a tour of Southern Cali
fornia in their private car, accompanied
by Judge and Mrs. G. B. Perkins.
Miss Elizabeth Huntington gave an in
formal luncheon on Saturday at the Uni
versity Club, complimentary to Miss Anna
Perkins of New York and .Cincinnati.
A charming reception was given last
evening at the Century Club in honor of
Mrs. John F. Merrill, who is its retiring
president. The decorations were beautiful,
consisting of pink hawthorn in the hall,
and white and yellow roses in the tea
room, arranged with artistic effect. The
reception committee Included Mrs. Mer
rill. Mrs. Hearst, Mrs. Wheeler and Mrs.
Jordan.
The engagement of F. Ellis Miller and
Miss Nettle May Adamson is formally
announced. The wedding will take place
the latter part of the present month. The
groom-elect Is the financial secretary of
the T.'M. C. A. of this city and has many
strong .friends. They- are very popular
young people In religious circles and wide
ly known.
Mrs. Theodore' Alonzo Walters, Mrs. Daniel
Shepherd, Mrs. Ellas Hatfleld McKnlght. Mrs.
James D. Whltmore. Mrs. Mary Alden Ward,
Mrs. Edward Kldder. Mrs. Robert Hail Miles.
Mrs. W. A- Johnson, Mrs. Philip N. Moore,
Miss Sophia Curplss, Mrs. Elmer B. Jones,
Miss Jane Addams, Mrs. Charles Eldredge.
The Eastern guests were
' <Mrs. Robert Walt, Mrs. Henry Payot, Mrs.
Kate Bulkeley, Miss Mabel Gray. Mrs. Georga
H. Blnney. Mrs. E. H. Klttridge. Mra. Herbert
¦Walthman, Mrs. Carlton C. Crane, Mrs. Henry
K. Field. Mrs. John Bakewell. Mrs. John
Spniance. Mrs. James D. Bailey, Mrs. Charles
W. Slack. Miss 'Van Winkle. Mrs. John F.
Merrill. Mrs. Jasper McDonald. Mrs. George
G. Carr. Mrs. E. R. Bryant, Mrs. Rafferty,
Mrs. Stewart. Mrs. James "W. Edwards. Mrs.
Harry Mann, Mrs. Watson D. Tennlmore, Mrs.
Charles Burnham. Miss Peck. Mrs. W. R.
Campbell. Mrs. T. G. Stone, Mrs. W. R. Eck
art, Mrs. W. R. Eckart Jr.. Miss Danforth,
Mrs. Curran Clark, Mrs. Charles K. Wilson,
Mrs. John P. Young, Mrs. Stafford. Mrs. Louis
Weinmann. . Mrs. Lewandowski, Mrs. George
A. -Knight, Mrs. T. S. Belcher. Mrs. William
T. Belcher. Mrs. Charles S. Wheeler,
Mrs. Fltzhugh, Mrs. Llewellyn, , Mme.
de Semlnarlo, Mrs.; Mills, Mrs. ."Wenban,
Mrs. Shaw, Mrs. Lyman A. Kelly,
Mrs. Rollln W. Kelly, Mrs. Harry Nathaniel
Gray, Mrs. John Babcock. Mrs. George
J: Bucknall. Mrs. Charles Fox Fay, Mrs.
T. K. Zook, Mrs. Hugo D. Kell, Mrs. T.
G. Walklngton, Mrs. de Greayer. Mrs. Charles
H. Wood, Mrs. 8. C. Denson. Mrs. George E.
Ames. Mrs. John J. Brlce. Miss Goewey. Mrs.
Marlon R. Hlgglns, Mrs. John R. Looseley.
Mrs. F. P. McLennan, Mrs. W. S. Davis, Mrs.
George H. Volkmann. Mrs. A. Buckingham.
Mrs. H. T. Summerhayes, Mrs. John E. Alex
ander, Mrs. H. Huffman. Miss Caroline Huff
man. Mrs. Albert Sutton. Mrs. Hopson. Mrs.
Charles J. Deeringr. Mrs. H. A. Bryant. Mrs.
Akin H. Vail. Mrs. Frank A. Vail. Mrs. George
D. Foy, Mrs. Walter E. Deane, Mrs. James
Alva Watt, Mrs. John Flournoy. Mrs. George
H. Palmer. Mrs. Rainey. Mrs. Frank D. Bates.
Mrs; Eugene Bresse, Mrs. George Tyson, Mrs.
C. Elv/ood Brown, Mrs. F. G. Sanborn, Mrs.
Georgina S. Chase, Mrs. C. T. Deane. Mrs. F.
W. Sumner, Mrs. William Manning, Mrs. L. J.
Hanchett, Mrs. Luis Lane Dunbar. Mrs. J.
Stow Ballard, Miss Sarah E. Bender, Mrs. O.
M. Burns, Mrs. Elliott E>. Goodrich, Mrs.
Henry Bush. Mrs. William M. Plerson, Mra.
George Tnurston, Mrs. Lester Herrlck. Mrs.
li. Ingliss, Mrs. I. Lowenburg.
Mrs. F. G. Sanborn presided and proved
a delightful toastmistress. Everything
was arranged with the perfection which
characterizes all functions of this club
and the afternoon was pleasantly spent.
The guests were: - .
The rooms of the Sorosis Club were
thronged yesterday with brilliant club
women, . including . members and guests
from both sides of the bay and a number
of Eastern women who are on their way
home from the Los Angeles convention.
The occasion was the annual breakfast,
given this time in honor of the retiring:
president, Mrs. W. B. Harrington. Yel
low was seen everywhere in decorations.
It being the club color. Covers were laid
for 120 and many clever toasts were given.
They were:
"Snapshots of the Federation," Mrs. Luis
Lane Dunbar; "The Decadence of Courtesy,"
Mrs. George James Bucknall; "The Ship of
Stars," Mrs. Charles Stetson "Wheeler; "The
"Woman "Who Does," Mrs. Harry Nathaniel
Gray; "The Fraternal Spirit in Clubs," Mrs.
William Roberts Eckart; "Man— Once Our
Superior. Now Our Equal," Mrs. John Anthony
Lewandowski.
A tobacco chewing and : smoking con
test recently took place at the Brooklyn
navy yard in which five officers and half
a dozen sailors participated.' It took sev
eral days. to test the merits of thirty-one
brands of tobacco submitted. , A large
number • of volunteers offered • their ser
vices arid the remarks made by the judges
selected .were carefully chronicled for fu
ture .reference. Twenty-two 'thousand
pounds^ of tobacco, were. to be contracted
for, and has, of course, to be of superior
quality to be i acceptable to Jack. »
The -Russian Admiralty is endeavoring
to check the extravagance and corruption
practiced by naval officers afloat and
ashore. An order has been issued for
bidding commanding officers to buy at for
eign ports any articles which are kept In
stock at Vladivostok and Port Arthur,
and purchases of articles not In store will
only be permitted on approval of the ad
miral of the fleet. Instances showing the
necessity for such an. order are given. A
commander last year paid 18 rubles a
pood for oil at Nagasaki at a time when
the volunteer fleet was only paying 4 ru
bles 80 kopeks for the same quality, and
when it could be had at Russian depots
for 1 ruble 60 kopeks to 2 rubles 35 kopeks
per pood. The commanders, likewise, are
in the habit of buying stores in foreign
ports, notably in the Mediterranean, be
fore'leaving for the Far, East at greatly
advanced prices over the stores to, be had
at Kronstadt, and their purchases are
frequently many times greater than their
requirements. This practice is to be
stopped, and the ships leaving for the
Asiatic station are henceforth to take in
a full supply of stores at Kronstadt suffi
cient for the whole .voyage.
The battleship Kaiser Karl der Grosse,
which was placed in commission January
9 last, occupied forty months in its con
struction. . The Kaiser Friedrich III, built
at Wilhelmshafen, was first of that
type of ships, and was forty-three months
under construction; the Kaiser Barba
rossa and the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse,
built by contract, required thirty-three
and thirty-nine months, respectively, and
the Kaiser Wilhelm II, from the Wil
helmshafen yard, took forty-one months
to , cdmplete.
The Frauenlob, a cruiser of the Gazelle
type, was launched March 22 at Bremen.
The vessel is 2600 tons displacement, with
engines . of 8000 horsepower and 20 knots
speed. She is named after one of the first
vessels in the Prussian navy of 1849, and
was presented by the Women's Society to
the Government. The original Frauenlob
was a schooner,- built at a cost of about
$12,000, and was lost with 46 officers and
men in September, 1862.
What little there is left of the Spanish
navy is. evidently not very satisfactory-
Owing to errors in the construction of the
three armored cruisers Cardenal Cisneros,
Princessa de Ashurias and the Cataluna
their bows have to be rebuilt. They were
begun eleven years ago, and it is serious
ly doubted that they will ever be com
pleted.
Two important decrees dealing" with the
organization of the French navy went into
effect April 1. The first decree relates to
the mobile defenses of the ports which are
reorganized, and the list of lieutenants
and sub-lieutenants being Insufficient,
warrant -officers will perform the duties
of commissioned officers in certain cases.
Torpedo • 'boats are henceforth to go In
pairs, each boat being a support to the
other, one to be commanded by a lieuten
ant and the other in charge of a warrant
officer. • The second decree affects the dis
tribution of the forces on foreign sta
tions.
The older school of officers in the Britr
ish navy is almost unanimously of the
contrary opinion to Lord Beresford in his
criticism of the navy» Veterans in the
service, such as Sir Vesey Hamilton, Ad
miral -Penrose Fitzgerald and Admiral
Fremantle, have .come to the conclusion
that nothing is wrong except Lord Beres
ford. I The latter asserted in his speech
of March 14 before the London Chamber
of Commerce that:
Great Britain had no efficient naval ad
ministration, ji . / '. •. \ - -¦
Second, that the coal supply was most
unsatisfactory. -
Third, that the best admirals "did not
know how to handle a fleet. .
Fourth, • that the shooting of the navy
as a whole { was lamentably defective.
Fifth, that the unbusinesslike adminis
tration of the army applied in part to the
Admiralty.
Sixth, that the training of the fleet was
defective.'
Sir. Vesey Hamilton has been First Sea
Lord of the Admiralty and commander in
chief -of more than one important naval
station, and his views, while. they may be
somewhat j conservative, are sure to re
ceive respectful attention. The two other
admirals are likewise considered able men,
but on the other hand Beresford has the
support of all the younger officers, the
bluejackets and the marines. The Ad
miralty is evidently disturbed at Lord
Beresford's arraignment, and when it was
suggested that he be disciplined, for his
utterances as being in violation of the
navy regulations, the answer was made
that the' Admiralty would pay no atten
tion "to' what a half-pay officer said. As
a member of Parliament Lord Beresford
is sure to give his : views on the navy
question, and the people will be able to
come to some conclusion as to whether
he is right or merely a sensational alarm
ist. Some years ago there were two offi
cers of high rank in our navy of the,
Beresford type, namely Admiral D. D.
Porter and Rear Admiral R. W. Meade,
but they were both effectively disciplined,
the latter being forced to go on the re
tired list. r .
Nearly 30,000 men employed in the dock
yards were discharged on March 31: This
is the usual annual practice in the British
navy, at the close of the financial year.
The men are hired again the following
day, but are given new numbers in the
issue of tickets at the muster stations and
are also distributed into new gangs.
The disastrous gun accident on board
the British battleship Mars resulted in
the deaths of two lieutenants and nine
bluejackets and injury to seven others.
Oft eighteen men who were in the barbette
not one escaped either death or injury.
Two men were blown through a small
opening and only small portions of their
bodies found. Several of the wounded are
in a precarious condition- and two are
hopelessly blind. The accident is believed
to be due to a misfire, the explosion blow
ing the breech block of the 12-inch gun to
the rear, shattering the turret and seri
ously damaging the upper deck and fit
tings.
The marriage of Lillian Ellinghouse to
Alfred Ellinghouse, which was solemnized
at Portland, Or.. January 39, . was an
nulled by Judge Graham yesterday and
permission granted Mrs. Ellinghouse to
resume her former name.
Judge Graham granted Max Weiner a
divorce from Cella Weiner for desertion
and cruelty yesterday. Mrs. Weiner left
her husband and went to Xew York with
Tim Leonard, a- prizefighter, ------r
Katharlna Wenzel is suing Henry Wen
zel for divorce on the ground of intem
perance. They were married in 1S68. A
suit for divorce was also filed by Vir
ginia Tnibault against Louis Henri Tni
bault for failure to provide. They were
married eleven years ago.
Ella Savich, who was married to Louis
Savich in Austria In 1SS3, is suing for di
vorce, because, she alleges, her husband
has threatened to kill her. She charges
him with taking a purse containinc $335
from her and leaving her destitute.
Albert A. Marlatt, a telegraph operator,
is suing Virginia A. Marlatt for divorce
on the ground of cruelty. Marlatt alleges
that his wife spends her time with other
men during the hours from 5:30 p. m. to
2 a. in., when he is at work. According
to his complaint Mrs. Marlatt spends her
time in French restaurants, concert halls
and theaters. They were married in Sep
tember, 1S39.
MARLATT SEEKS DIVORCE
"I'll admit," said the court, "that that
is his salary, but he gets presents, and
I do not think that the "presents* will
cease."
"But, your Honor," said Morris Sam
uels, Rosenfeld's legal adviser, "we have
shown > that my client only gets that
amount as a salary-"
"I'll cut this short." said Judge Hunt.
"You can pay your wife $100 a month, Mr.
Rosenfeld."
Continuing Rosenfeld said he paid sev
eral people, but mentioned neither names
nor amounts.
"I blew it in paying debts."
"Did you not," continued Hanlon, "pre
vail upon your wife to affix the signature
A. W. Jones to a note for $1000, which
>ou indorsed and raised $1200 on?"
"There was such a note," said Rosen
feld. '
"What did you do with the money?"
"Well," said the witness shamefacedly,
"she had chided me about other losses
and I did not want her to know of these."
"Why did you do so?"
"Did you not tell your wife that you
had invested it with Harry Goodall In a
venture that would yield you $40 a
month?" asked Attorney Hanlon. who
represents Mrs. Rosenfeld.
"Yes, sir. I did."
WIFE CHIDED HTM.
Rosenfeld acknowledged having drawn
from the Nevada Bank a deposit of $2001
during the last two months.
."What did you do with the money?"
he was asked.
"I lost it on marginal transactions."
"Any one who can lose that amount in
such a short time can afford to pay $1CO a
month fcr the support of his wife and twe
childien," said Judge Hunt.
Jlax L. Rosenfeld. whose efforts tc
evade the payment of alimony to Agnes
Ttosenfeld during the pendency of a suit
f jr divorce brought by him have brought
hijn' a lot of unenviable notoriety, was
ordered by Judge Hunt yesterday to pay
hl> wife $100 a month until the suit is de
cid*:'!. Rosenfeld and his attorneys plead
ed inability to pay such a sum, but Judge
Hunt was inexorable and directed Rosen
feld to pay the sum ordered from May 1.
Yesterday's inquiry into Rosenfeld's finan
cial condition was the third since the ni
tas of the divorce suit. Young Rosenfeld
was the only one examined and Judge
Hunt made the order after hearing that
he hfid lest ?2S0O in the last two months
dealing in oil and stocks.
Once we had only one dependence and source of
confidence. Now we have many, and while wise mep
will always remember that rainy days will come, all
rejoice in their present capacity to provide an um
brella.
In these conditions no change is visible. The
horizon is void of any sign of surfeit. Profits and
wages are increasing; all consumption is thereby
stimulated, because ill consumption is increased.
• When the Webb stocks went, tumbling and a few
brokers went with them pellmell into the ditch
men calmly turned to the day's trade report to find
an excess of orders for iron, steel and copper, and
such an excess of demand over supply that all con
tracts are underwritten, "To be filled at conveni
ence." In looking at that confidence was made as
strong as the metals which are the first indication
of prosperity and the first of hard times. The mar
ket was still clamoring for them. Its appetite was as
keen as though it had not consumed a pig or ingot,
and on their increasing strength all metal and fabric
production impinged, and men went about their
business undisturbed.
But it will be see.i that whereas credit depended
upon domestic consumption alone, standing only on
one leg, as it were, our trade is now a myriapod,
stoutly standing on many feet, and it will be under
most extraordinary circumstances that all will fail.
If we are to have a loss of confidence again and
a panic it will not be, caused by any accident or er
ror in judgment of the handlers of paper properties.
Its cause will be the ultimate gorging of our con
suming power, and the overtaking of consumption
by production. Against this the country has protec
tion in the wide reach of our/market for consump
tion. Gorging the home demand and making it list
less by indigestion will not of themselves cause a
dangerous panic, because we have access to the
consumption and demand of the world. True, these
may fail also. The power to take our food surplus
and our metal and fabric product may be also im
paired, and production here will then slacken so ap
preciably that loss of confidence and panic may fol
low.
A panic will not originate in Wall street, though
that may indicate its appearance. A thermometer
does not cause the change in temperature which it
registers.
This confidence is .born of knowledge of our
changed financial condition. To-day less of bur se
curities are held abroad in proportion to their, total
volume than at any time in* our history since we
achieved commercial importance. In 1893 such for
eign holdings exceeded two; billions, and when the
first sign of speculative trouble in Wall street was
seen. they began rushing home for liquidation. They
were payable' in gold, and. who has forgotten that
portentous drain of gold which followed? K set in
motion the greenback endless chain, draining the
treasury of its gold, until the Government had to re
sort to the borrowing of $260,000,000 of gold, which
all went into the liquidation of our securities in for
eign hands. Our foreign debt in that form to-day has
fallen far below the billion line/ Every month's trade
reduces it, and if our trade status is not changed the
next fifteen months will wipe it out altogether. Its
present volume is so small that it would hardly be
felt as an addition to any local financial difficulty. It
is as true of nations as of individuals that they know
no hard times when they are out of debt, in that form
which can be forced to immediate liquidation. We
are in that position now, thanks to the gold standard
and the vigor of our foreign trade and the unsatis
fied appetite of our domestic consumption.
THE recent flurry over the Webb stocks, in
Wall street caused some apprehension of a gen
eral panic. - This feeling, of uneasiness sub
sided when it was demonstrated that the trouble
reached only the few firms involved, and that their
fall shook none but themselves. This is the second
time in the last two years that Wall street has been
disturbed without any injurious effect upon the gen
eral credit or confidence. The speculative misfor
tunes of that financial center are viewed with indiffer
ence by the country, which goes on producing and
consuming, buying and selling, regardless of the
ephemeral troubles of those who speculate in paper
properties. . \
BRITISH NAVAL
VETERANS SCOFF
AT BERESFORD
CLUB HONORS
ITS RETIRING
PRESIDENT
It would appear from 'this that a strong array of
facts and reasons are to be given for setting the law
aside as a violation of the rights of citizens guaran-,
teed, by the constitution of the United States. • It
would seem that the manner of. enforcing it is itself
a proof of its invalidity.. A law which can be re
duced to a farce ought not to be valid in any country.
The report goes on to say: "In the shape of ex
hibits a number of speeches are taken from the offi
cial report of the convention and attached as show
ing that the openly avowed purpose of those who
made the constitution was to disfranchise the negro.
President Knox is quoted in this way, and also Judge
Coleman, chairman of ,the suffrage committee.
Both Heflin brothers are' quoted in full on this
theme. Judge Jones, now Judge of the United States
District Court, is also quoted on the same lines."
taken 'it directly to the Supreme Court of Alabama.
That unusual proceeding is explained by the state
ment that the' petitioners expect the court to refuse
to entertain the application on the ground that it has
no original jurisdiction in such matters, and the plan
is ' by ; that prompt rejeotion of the- case to get it be
fore the Supreme Court of the United States in short
order. The excuse made in the petition for coming
direct to the Supreme Court without a trial in the
lower courts, as provided •• in the constitution itself,
is that the juries are all white and are quite as preju
diced and clothed with as much power as the Regis
trars. " ¦
JUDGE ORDERS
ROSENFELD TO
PAY ALIMONY
FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL TUESDAY, MAY 13; 1902.
It • begins to look as .. if Mark : Hanna would not
care who is President" or who makes laws for the
country so ;long ashe can save Rathbonc;
6
A specimen of a very rare visitor to the
British Isles, the American bittern, is re
ported from Ireland. The bird's ' breeding
grounds are In and about Texas, and in
the autumn It migrates in great numbers
to the Bermudas. - It has only been seen
some twelve times . in Ireland.
Established 9823.
•TAKE JOSEPH, Representative. 500 Battery. Street. Saa Fraaciscat
C«I1 «nb«crltoeri» contemplating m change •!
rcildence daring the summer months can hare
tlirir paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresnea by nolllj Incr The Call Business Office.
Tula paper will also be on sale at all summer
icioru and Is represented or » local aeent in
oil towns on the coast.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER
Fischers Theater— "Fiddle Dee Dee."
Cal l f ornia— ' •Aristocracy."
Tivoli— "The Singing; Girl."
Central — "The World." 1
Alcazar — "Lost 24 Hours."
Columbia — "The Second in Command."
Oryheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Reilly and the 400."
Chutes — Zoo and Theater.
AMUSEMENTS.
Auction this day, at 11 o^dock. Horses. Wagons, etc. at
1140 Folsom Etreet.
By F. H. Chase— Thureray. May 15. at 10:30 o'clock.
Horses and Mules, at American River Bridge, Sacramento.
By W. H. Horn— Thursday, May 22. German Government
Horses, at 1732 Market street.
AUCTION SATrKS.LOS ANGELES, May 12. — Citrus ahipments
for the year 1901-1902 will fall short 6000 car*
as compared with the season of 1900-1001.
Mrs. Booth, the mother of the dead girl,
and Mrs. Leadbrooke, the wronged wife
who was widowed by the Oro Fino trag
edy, are prostrated by grief, and tha
former's condition is critical.
This morning a noise in the room at
tracted the attention of the hotel proprie
tor. He forced open the door and found
the young woman dead and her com
panion dying. The physician lived a few
hours but remained unconscious. They
left a number of letters bidding friends
good-by, and saying that as they could
not live together they preferred to die to
gether. One letter to Rev. Mr. Booth
from Leadbrooke contained $200. for tho
funeral expenses of the girl.
Perry O. Simons, ex-'OO, was a student
in zoology and left college when a senior
to accept the position of collector for tha
British Museum. He was an exceedingly
able man in- his college work and had in
tended returning to Stanford in the near
future to complete bis course and taks
Ms degree.
Fino, a small town on the Clear "Water
branch, where they stopped at a small
hotel, i Last night they went to an Ei»
worth League meeting.
Simons was murdered while asleep, by
a native guide, presumably for the few
dollars that he had on hia person. Sev
eral times before attempts on his life had
been made by untrustworthy natives but
Simons succeeded in detecting the plots
before he was harmed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 12.—
News has arrived here of the murder In
South America of Perry O. Simons, a
former Stanford student. For the past
three years Simons has been engaged In
the collection . of scientific specimens in
Chile and other South American countries
for the British Museum.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HIS LIFE TAKEN
BY NATIVE GUIDE
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. MAT 13.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides -of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth time /column -gives the laat tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
Bometlmes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey charU, except when a minus (— )
glen precedes the height, and then the number
elven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. • ,
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Shipping Intelligence.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chant*' Exchange. Saa Francisco. Cai,.
May 12 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Perry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1 ";. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
n m Greenwich time,
p. m.. ureeuwi H STANDLET.
>* . Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, May 12.— 1n a room in a
small hotel at Oro Flno, Idaho, a tragic
scene was enacted some time last night.
"When the door of the apartment was
broken in early this morning one of the
occupants, a young woman, was found
cold in death, and the life of her male
companion was fast ebbing away. Both
were fully dressed, and in. the apartment
were evidences that they had spent many
hours of the night in preparing for their
tragic taking-off. On a stand were a num
ber of letters, and the man had left care
ful instructions regarding the disposition
to be made of the bodies of himself and
his companion.
The young woman was Miss Winnie, the
handsome daughter of Rev. G. M. Booth,
pastor of the Methodist Church in Mos
cow. The man, who expired soon 'after
the discovery of the tragedy, was Dr. F.
J. Leadbrooke, one of Moscow's leading
physicians and a man of wealth. They
had taken morphine by hypodermic in
jection. Evidently the physician had first
assisted the girl to end her life and had
then proceeded to encompass his own de
struction.
The prominence of the couple and the
fact that their intimacy was not suspect
ed have caused a profound sensation in
Moscow, where the girl, was reared and
where Dr. Leadbrooke practiced his pro
fession for the past six months. He was
formerly a clergyman, hailing from Min
nesota, and at various times during the
past winter occupied pulpits in Moscow.
He was a widely read man and a psycho
logical student. Dr. ' Leadbrooke had been
an Intimate friend of Rev. Mr. Booth and
his family. Miss Winnie was a handsome
young woman of 19 years and had former
ly attended the University of Idaho at
Moscow.
A few -weeks ago Misa Booth went to
Kendrlck to teach school. Her infatua
tion for Dr. Leadbrooke was not dreamed
of by her parents. On Saturday Dr. Lead
brooke left his home, saying he was
called to Kendrick. There he met Miss
Booth and . together they went to Oro
PERIM — Passed May 12— Stmr Athol, from
Glasgow and Liverpool, for Shanghai and Se
attle.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 12— Stmr La
Chamj>affne, from Havre. .-¦'..
GLASGOW — Sailed May 10 — Stmr Mongolian,
for New York: stmr Pomeranian, for Montreal
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed May 11 — Stmr Alleri
from Genoa, for New York. . .
PLYMOUTH— SaiIed May 12— Stmr Penn
sylvania, for New York.
CORONEL — Arrived May 11 — Stmr Ameri
can, from . New I York, and sailed May 12 for
San Francisco.
NAN AlMO— Arrived May 13— Stmr Aztec,
hence May S. ¦
GUAYMAS— SaiIed May 9— Schr Resolute,
lor Port Townsend. )--
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MOVILLE — Arrived May 12 — Stmr Parisian,
from Montreal, for Liveroool. .
HONGKONG — Sailed May 10 — Stmr Duke of
Fife, for Tacoma.
BROWHEAD — Passed May 11 — Br ship
Thornllebank, from Oregon, for United King
dom.
KINSALE — Passed May 12 — Br shin Chelms
ford, hence Jan S, for Queenstown.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 11— Fr bark La
Tour d'Auversrne, hence Jan 8. May 12 — Fr
bark Mareuerlte Dolf us, hence Jan 23; Br ship
Barflllan, from Oregon. ,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 11— Fr bark
Eugenic Fautrel. from Oreeon; Br bark For
mos, from Oreeon; Br ship Wiscombe Park,
hence Jan 16; Br chip Fifeshire, from Oregon.
BRISTOL — Arrived May 11 — Br bark Inver
amsay, hence Jan 14.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 11 — Br ship
James Kerr. hence Jan 18. -
FOREIGN PORTS.
HULL — In Dort May s—Br5 — Br shlD Lady Went
worth, to load for San Francisco, via Tyne.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 10— Fr bark
Dugruesclln, from Oregon. . -
LONDON— Sailed May 10— Br ship Toxteth,
for San Dle;o. . . .
GUAYAQUIL— SaiIed May . 10— Ger stmr
Pentaur, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Sailed May 10-^-Br stmr I>uke
of Fife,' for Tacoma. •
ACAPULCO — Sailed May o—Stmr0 — Stmr City of
Para, for San Francisco.
TYNE— Arrived May 9— Br shin Clackman
anshire, hence Dec 24.
NORFOLK-^Sailed May lO— Ship Ersklne M
Phelss, for Honolulu. - .
EASTERN PORT.
- HONOLULU— To sail May 7— Scar Aloha,
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
way. May 12 — Stmr Humboldt, from Skagway.
BANDON— Arrived May 11— Schr Lizzie
Prien, hence April 24. ¦ .
Sailed May 11 — Scbr Ccnfianza, for San
Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 12— Stmr Alliance,
front Astoria.
Sailed ¦ May 12 — Schrs Polaris and Novelty,
for San Francisco. . .
GRAYS" HARBOR— Arrived May 11— Schr
Volant, from Ventura.
Sailed May 12— Schr Esther Buhne, for To
polobampo; schr Jennie Thelln, for San Fran
cisco.
KARLUK— Arrived April 19— Ship Star of
Russia, hence March 30.
ROGUE RlVER— Arrived May 11— Schr Del
Norte, hence April 30.
TILL.AMOOK— SaiIed May 11— Stmr W H
Kruger, for Sa.n Francisco.
\ TACOMA — Arrived May 12 — Stmr Mackinaw,
hence May 7.
Sailed May 12 — Stmr Santa Ana, for San
Francisco.
Arrived May 12— Stmr DiriKO, from Alaska.
Sailed May 12 — Stmr Dirigo, for Seattle.
NEAH BAY— Passed out May 12— Stmr Min
eola, from Baliard, for San Francisco:
PYRAMID HARBOR — Arrived May 2 — Ship
Oriental, hence April 8.
OLYMPlA— Arrived May 12— Bktn North
west, hence May 1." . • .
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived May 12— Schrs
Oliver J Olsen and W H Smith, from Callao.
BALLARD— SaiIed May 11— Stmr Mineola,
for Guatemala.
TACOMA— Arrived May 12— Schr Soquel.
from San Pedro.
Sailed May 12 — Schr W F Wltzemann, for
San Pedro.
. SEATTLE— SaiIed May 12— Stmr Diri&o, for
Skasway.
Arrived May : . lV— Stmr Bertha, from Val-
PORTLAND— SaiIed May 12— Stmr Geo D
Elder, for San Francisco.
MORPHINE ENDS
GUILTY ROMANCE
LONDON, May 12.— The Chancellor of
the Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach,
has yielded :to the " storm of disapproval
aroused by the feature In the financial
bill affecting checks, and to-day definitely
announced In the House of Commons the
withdrawal of the extra. tax of one penny
placed on checks. He added. that he re
served the right to Impose another tax to
meet the resulting deficiency, j
On the second reading of the finance bill
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, Liberal,
moved that "this House declines to im
pose duties on grain, flour and other food
of the people." He urged that the inno
vation contravened the fundamental prin
ciple of sound finance. • ¦
The Chancellor of the Exchequer in re
piylngr denied that there had been any
general rise in the price of bread. For a
moment the demand was greater than the
supply,. but it must not be forgotten that
while It was necessiiry for Great Britain
to obtain wheat and flour from' America
and other quarters it was equally neces
sary for them to send tl*eir (products to
this country. It was absurd to suppose
that- the 3-penny duty on grain could
cause a single acre to go out of cultiva
tion In America. She must send her
wheat here on account of the protective
duties elsewhere. The production of grain
throughout the world was Increasing at a
greater ratio than the demand. ' He be
lived that the producers and carriers of
grain would pay the new tax if there was
a big crop. It was : necessary to impose
additional taxation on the masses in or
der that they should be made to realize
what war preparation and war involved.
Reserves Right to Impose
Another Levy to Meet
Deficiency.
English Chancellor of
Exchequer Yields to
TAX ON CHECKS
IS WITHDRAWN
NOTE — The high sad . low : waters ' occur at
the city front (Mission-street } wharf) ' about
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
. Times and Heights of Hlen and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco . Bay. Published by official au
¦ thority of the Superintendent. \ : . • -5
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Had liong Passage.
The bark Diamond Head arrived yesterday
from Lahalna. She was thirty days making
the passage. She brought 20,237 bass of sugar.
The Diamond Head went to Lahaina from
Puget Sound and was more than forty days
going down. She encountered very heavy
weather on the outward passage and sustained
considerable damage to her bulwarks. This
damage will be repaired during her stay In port.
Mariposa on Drydock.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Marlposa,
which has been converted into an oil burner
and Is being fitted up for the Tahiti mall
service was docked yesterday at Hunters Point.
She will be on the dry dock several days.
When ready for sea the Mariposa will be the
equal of a new vessel and as smart a steam
ship as has ever ploughed the south seas.
Not the Transport Grant.
The Commercial News of yesterday an
nounce* the appointment of Captain Schlappa
casse to command the transport Grant. Cap
tain Crosky. however, is Etlll in charge of tho
army steamship. The mariner with the thir
teen-lettered name ¦will command a Grant of
smaller proportions, which is engaged in the
flshlnr Industry. ¦-
Will Try Again.
A telegram was received yesterday from
Ca.Dt*ln Burnes (stating that he still had hopes
of Coating the British bark Baroda, . which the
Captain, Joseph Bender has been appointed
commander -of the schooner Alice McDonald,
now due here from Pago Pago. The McDonald
put Into Pago Pago leaking. She discharged
200 tons of her cargo and underwent a tem
porary overhauling. Her crew, however, re
fused to continue the voyage in her. They
were arrested by the commandant of the .naval
station and sent here to be tried on a charge
of mutiny. They were found not guilty and
discharged. The first and second mates of the
McDonald who came here with the prisoners,
returned to Pago Pago with a substitute crew
and the McDonald resumed her voyage. Bender,
the newly appointed skipper, has been until
recently mate of the five-masted schooner W.
H. M&rßton.
Will Command Alice McDonald.
Movements of Steamers.
The Dollar Steamship Company has been
complimented by the consignees of -the cargo
brought here recently from the Orient on the
steamship Arab on the condition in which the
freight was delivered. Oriental freight is
fragile at the best and the Arab's careo in
cluded all kinds. Most of It was packed In
mats, jars and cane baskets. S. L. Jones &
Co., who received the cargo, declare that there
was In all of it not a single broken package,
that not an article was in any way damaged
and that when the whole miscellaneous col
lection of Oriental merchandise was delivered
there was not a claim of any kind registered
against the ship.' The cargo included 50,000
mats of rice, and there was not a tear in
one of them. This is an unusual occurrence,
particularly with Oriental freight, and reflects
credit on the officers of the steamship under
whose care It was stowed.
A Model Cargo.
Cancer causes 4251 deaths annually in
London.
34,590 lbs dried fruit. 2500 lbs raisins. 8370
lbs mlllstuffs, 220 lbs butter, 260,000 lbs salt,
865 lbs shrimps, 120 lbs coffee, 1120 lbs choco
late. 842 lbs cheese, 345 cs canned goods, 355
bxs paste, 10 cs syrup, 79 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 124 pkgs fresh vegetables, 282 pkge
fresh fruits, GO bbls baking powder, 21 ctls
onions. 68 pkgs hardware, 105 gals wine, 73
pkgs machinery, 10 tons chop feed, 1 pkg
leather, 16 csks chemicals, 40 pcs steel, 400
lbs sugar, 15 cs fuse, 125 pkgs paper, S cm
electrical goods, 2 bales dry goods. 25 bbls
pitch, 2 cs arms and ammunition, 5 bales twine
4 bbls starch.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Sun
day for Victoria with a general cargo destined
for Vancouver and Victoria, valued at $13,952.
The cargo included the following merchandise
and produce:
Exports to British Columbia.
The Quickest and most convenient way in
and out of the Yosemite Valley Is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave Ban Francisco to
<iay at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m
Call at Eanta Fe ticket office. 641 Market
etreet, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. •
Yosemits Via the Santa Fe.
Mrs. Theresa Fregulia, an Italian woman,
on her way from Italy to this city, gave birth
to a boy baby on Sunday afternoon in the
saloon of the terry-boat Berkeley. In the ab
sence of a physician Captain Jones officiated
and rave the little stranger a welcome to Cal
ifornia. Mrs. Fregulla was accompanied by
her husband, who has a home all ready for
her and the baby at 314 Pacific street. The
baby was born on the 5:30 trip from Oakland.
When the boat reached this side Captain Jones
notified the police. Sergeant Ellis In turn noti
fied the Harbor Hospital. There was no am
bulance there, so securing a stretcher Ellis,
with Policemen Dowd and Rand, carried mother
and son to the hospital, where they remained
until arrangements could be made for their
reception elsewhere. Both mother and son
are doing splendidly and young Fremilia is
going to have Joneeio for one of his names.
Born on. the Berkeley.
Notice is hereby given that on or about the
25th of May Columbia River light vessel No.
50 will be temporarily withdrawn from Her sta
tion oft* the entrance to the Columbia River,
and about 7% miles S.S."VY\ % W. from Cape
Disappointment Lighthouse, Washington, for
repairs to copper on her hull, and the station
marked by a gas buoy; painted red, withi
"light vessel moorings" In black letters, and'
showing a* fixed white light The vessel will
be returned to her station on or about May
28, or as soon as the repairs can be made, and
the buoy withdrawn.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY, Commander, U. 8. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
LIGHT VESSEL NO. 50.
SEACOAST OF OREGON— COLUMBIA RIVER
Notice to Mariners.
The Norwegian ship Antigua Is chartered for
wheat from Tacoma to Europe at 40s, prior to
arrival.
The new barkentine Makawell will load red
wood at Eureka for Melbourne or Adelaide at
60s.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN".
THE American ship Dirigo, now out
10S days from Hongkong for Hono
lulu, was put back yesterday on
the overdue list and quoted at 15
per cent. The Dirigo was spoken
on March 30 off one of the Japanese isl
ands and with the report of the speak
ing was taken off the overdue list. The
rate on the British ship Tweedsdale, now
out 125 days from Hongay to Puget
Sound, was advanced yesterday to 25 per
cent, while on the Alexander Black and
the Santa the rate was reduced to 10 per
cent
The H. P. Glade, now out 205 days from
this port for Liverpool, still stands at
SO per cent, and despite her lengthy pass
age a large sum of money is being placed
on the chance of safe arrival.
tug Astoria failed to stir on Saturday night,
and that another attempt would be made the
next srwine tide.
STRANDED BARK WHICH HAS
RESISTED ALL. EFFORTS TO
FLOAT HER.
Young Peter Jackson and Al Weinig
k entered the ring:, challenging: each other
[and were matched to box at rort Erie
in the near future. Both men wore
bandages on their hands and both seemed
in fine form.
It was announced that Gans weighed in
at 12334 and Erne at 132%. The weight for
the bout was 136 pounds at the ringside.
The men shook hands at 9:49.
Round I— They came out and sparred
briskly. Gans led left for face twice and
missed. Gans led with both bands for
face. Erne ducked and they clinched.
Again Erne tried the left. Gans side
stepped and a slight mix-up followed,
Gans having the better of the bout. Gans
sent a right to the jaw. In the exchange
Gans got both hands to the head and
Erne seemed a trifle dazed. Gans put a
left to the nose, drawing blood. Erne
seemed dazed and Gans rushed and ex
changed, putting a right plump on Erne'tj
jaw. Err.c fell slowly to the floor, with
his mouth and nose bleeding, rolled over
on his stomach and was counted out. The
time of the round was one minute and
forty seconds.
over the defeat. It took a minute to bring:
him back from dreamland and there were
tears in his eyes when he realized his
defeat.
There was scarcely a seat left in the
house, which has a capacity of 5000.
There was much betting on the bout,
several thousand dollars being placed,
with Erne favorite at 100 to I*o and 100 to
SO.
Gans entered the ring at S>:3o, followed a
few minutes later by Erne. Gans crossed
the ring and shook hands with Erne who
got a great ovation.
Art Sims, Kid Parker, George McFad
den, Kid McPartland and all the best
lightweights of the country challenged
the winner.
"Of course," he said, "I did not expect
to win so quickly, but I believe the end
would have been the same had the fight
gone much farther."
Hereford Eaid he would defend the
lightweight championship at the light
weight limit. Erne was broken-hearted
The end came -with startling; sudden
ness. The men were scarcely warmed up
when Gans, trying cautiously, caught
Erne napping, and landed a hard right
en the ear, which appeared to jar Frank
gladly. Erne sparred^ wildly and Gans
*ent out a left jab as a feeler. It went
home through Erne's guard, drawing
blood from his nose. Then Gans rushed
in. Erne's defense was pitiably weak and
Gans slapped left to the face and right to
the point of the jaw. The blow complete
ly settled Erne- He sank slowly to the
floor, fell on his back and was rolling
over on his stomach when Referee White
finished counting him out. The quick de
feat astounded the hundreds of Erne men
at the ringside. The Hereford party was
overwhelmed with congratulations and a
crowd of negroes proudly escorted Gans
to his dressing; room.
RINGSIDE. FORT ERIE. Ont.. May 12.
Joe Gar.s, the Baltimore colored light
weight pugilist, is champion in his class,
atter knocking at the door for the past
ten years. Frank Erne lost to him in the
first round to-night at Fort Erie.
Knockout Blow Is Delivered
in Second Minute of
First Round.
Colored Pugilist Is Now
Champion in Light
weight Class.
GANS QUICKLY
DEFEATS ERNE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1902.
Is Placed Among the Reinsured at Fifteen Per Cent— The Rate on the
Tweedsdate Is Advanced, but Alexander Black and Santa Are Marked
Down—Glade, at a High Figure, Is Being Actively; Played to Arrive
SHIP DIRIGO FAILS TO MATERIALIZE
AND GOES BACK ON OVERDUE LIST
7
Steamer. I
From.
Due.
Prentlss San Pedro . . May 13
Arctic Humboldt May 13
S. Barbara.. San Pedro May 13
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May in
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... May 13
Serapls Hamburg & Way Ports. May 13
Arc&ta Coos Bay & Port Orford May 14
St. Paul Oyster Harbor May 14
Pomona Humboldt May 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May 15
Pomt Arena.. Point Arena .• May 15
Kanta Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports May 15
O. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria May 15
Rainier Whatcom May 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. May 15
Sequoia Hueneme May 16
Santa Monica San Pedro May 1C
Meteor Oyster Harbor May 17
Euieka Humboldt .....May 17
Coptic. China & Japan May 17
Unmtilla..... Pugct Sound Ports May 17
North Fork.. Humboldt May 10
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.. May 19
Stale of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May 10
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. May 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria May 20
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports..... May 22
Steamer.
Destination. Bails.) Pier.
May 13. |~~
WHlapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier " a
Seattle direct 12 m Pier 2
Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
May 14.
Humboldt 9 am Pier 16
Bear Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
HumboMt 0 am Pier IS
San Pedro & Way., 9 am Pier 11
May IS. .
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier la
Ban Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
May 10.
S ra> '£ H arbor 4 P m Pier 2
Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier a
May 17. I
Portland & Way. . 11 am Pier 16
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier u
Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
China & Japan..... 1 pm pjfSS
Honolulu & Kahului pier 20
May 18.
San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2i
May 19.
Pana BlaV & 2o' ay "" 12 m PMSS
Nome & St. Michael .....; Pier —
Nome via Seattle pi P r
May 21. '.
PU ? et Ma 0Un "2 P0rt8 ' 11 am Pier 9
Sydney & .Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Seattle & Whatcom 5 pm Pier 2
Destination.
Rival
North Fork
S. Barbara.
Argo. ......
Leelanaw. .
New burg. ..
Columbia. .
PrentlBS ....
Wtstport...
Eureka. . . .
Coos Bay..
I.akmo
Arcata
State Cal..
Arctic
Sequoia....
S Monica..
Siueen
All i a nee 1 . .
Pomona .
Guatemala.
Pt. Arena..
Peru
Hyades.. ..
Santa Rosa
Honita
G. Elder...
Newport. ..
Dora
J. Kimball.
Umatllla...
Ventura. . . .
Rainier. . : .
Steamer.
!
For.
I Sails.
HumboMt.... Skagway & Way Ports May 14
Cottage City. Skagway. & Way Ports. May IB
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May IS
Dolphin .. Skagway & Way Ports. May 10
City Topeka.". Skagway /fc Way Ports. May 20
Farallon.... • Skagway & Way- Ports. May 21
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports May 25
J. S. Klmball Nome direct .... .'.'. .... May 25
Sun rises i 5 :0l
Sun sets : 7:10
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
a I Time Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L W H W |L W
13~ Til6 Tiio:09 0.1 6:22 5.110:55 2.0
H 4:34 4.411:08 0.C 6:13 5.2...
Ii W ¦ • H "W L W H W
15 0:00 2.5 5:55 4.3 12:04 0.9 7:02 6.5
16 1:12 2.0 7:13 4.2 1:0-1 1.3 7:60 5.7
17 2:09 1.6 8:25 4.3 1:52 1.6 8:32 5.7
18 2:55 1.0 9:27 4.4 2:3G 2.0 9:12 5.6
19 3:39 0.6 10:21 4.4 3:16 2.4 9:49 6.8
20 4:20 0.3 11:12 4.4 3:54 2.7 10:22 . 6.5
Steamer.
Destination. Bails.) Pier.
May 13. |~~
WHlapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier " a
Seattle direct 12 m Pier 2
Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
May 14.
Humboldt 9 am Pier 16
Bear Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
HumboMt 0 am Pier IS
San Pedro & Way., 9 am Pier 11
May IS. .
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier la
Ban Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
May 10.
S ra> '£ H arbor 4 P m Pier 2
Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier a
May 17. I
Portland & Way. . 11 am Pier 16
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier u
Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
China & Japan..... 1 pm pjfSS
Honolulu & Kahului pier 20
May 18.
San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2i
May 19.
Pana BlaV & 2o' ay "" 12 m PMSS
Nome & St. Michael .....; Pier —
Nome via Seattle pi P r
May 21. '.
PU ? et Ma 0Un "2 P0rt8 ' 11 am Pier 9
Sydney & .Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Seattle & Whatcom 5 pm Pier 2
Destination.
Rival
North Fork
S. Barbara.
Argo. ......
Leelanaw. .
New burg. ..
Columbia. .
PrentlBS ....
Wtstport...
Eureka. . . .
Coos Bay..
I.akmo
Arcata
State Cal..
Arctic
Sequoia....
S Monica..
Siueen
All i a nee 1 . .
Pomona .
Guatemala.
Pt. Arena..
Peru
Hyades.. ..
Santa Rosa
Honita
G. Elder...
Newport. ..
Dora
J. Kimball.
Umatllla...
Ventura. . . .
Rainier. . : .
Steamer.
!
For.
I Sails.
HumboMt.... Skagway & Way Ports May 14
Cottage City. Skagway. & Way Ports. May IB
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May IS
Dolphin .. Skagway & Way Ports. May 10
City Topeka.". Skagway /fc Way Ports. May 20
Farallon.... • Skagway & Way- Ports. May 21
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports May 25
J. S. Klmball Nome direct .... .'.'. .... May 25
Steamer. I
From.
Due.
Prentlss San Pedro . . May 13
Arctic Humboldt May 13
S. Barbara.. San Pedro May 13
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May in
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... May 13
Serapls Hamburg & Way Ports. May 13
Arc&ta Coos Bay & Port Orford May 14
St. Paul Oyster Harbor May 14
Pomona Humboldt May 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May 15
Pomt Arena.. Point Arena .• May 15
Kanta Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports May 15
O. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria May 15
Rainier Whatcom May 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. May 15
Sequoia Hueneme May 16
Santa Monica San Pedro May 1C
Meteor Oyster Harbor May 17
Euieka Humboldt .....May 17
Coptic. China & Japan May 17
Unmtilla..... Pugct Sound Ports May 17
North Fork.. Humboldt May 10
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.. May 19
Stale of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May 10
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. May 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria May 20
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports..... May 22
Sun rises i 5 :0l
Sun sets : 7:10
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
a I Time Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L W H W |L W
13~ Til6 Tiio:09 0.1 6:22 5.110:55 2.0
H 4:34 4.411:08 0.C 6:13 5.2...
Ii W ¦ • H "W L W H W
15 0:00 2.5 5:55 4.3 12:04 0.9 7:02 6.5
16 1:12 2.0 7:13 4.2 1:0-1 1.3 7:60 5.7
17 2:09 1.6 8:25 4.3 1:52 1.6 8:32 5.7
18 2:55 1.0 9:27 4.4 2:3G 2.0 9:12 5.6
19 3:39 0.6 10:21 4.4 3:16 2.4 9:49 6.8
20 4:20 0.3 11:12 4.4 3:54 2.7 10:22 . 6.5
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
4TLVH EATR E^AV
THIS "WEEK ONLY.
/£yJ O>\ MATINEE
THE m »
I Cj/T \ SATURDAY
FARCE I J\*jf I AN D
COMEDT £ONDAT
"Oh! what a tanscled web we weave.
When first we purpose to deceive." J
PRICES— Evenings. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c. 75c
Matinees, 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c. All Reserved.
Next Monday— THE BRIXTON BURGLARY.
EVENINGS AT . 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 3 SHARP.
STILL DRAWING DELIGHTED CROWDS.
THE
SINGING GIRL
— — YOU WILL MISS
A GREAT TREAT IF YOU FAIL TO SEE IT.
THURSDAY, MAY 15— MACHINISTS' NIGHT
• POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc. 60c, 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
___ . . ¦ ¦ - ¦
BE&ASCO A"°Tts&S.C& \&fJ&s£!L
TO-NIGHT— A. O. FORESTERS* NIGHT.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Greatest Melodrama of the Century,
THE WORLD.
With Scenes of Marvelous Beauty and Spec-
tacular Effects Unsurpassed.. '
•Next Friday Evening — Testimonial Benefit to
ANNETTE MARSHALL.
¦ Seats on Sale.
rnirrC Evenings.... 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
rKllfcj Matinees.... ...10c. 15c, 25c
Next Week— "WOMAN AGAINST WOMAN."
First appearance here of MISS FANNY
McINTYRE. '
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Last Night— The Biggest Hit Yet.
America's' Greatest Author-Actor,
EDWARD HARRIGAN
¦ In Mr. Harrlgan's Clever ' Comedy,
"Reilly and the 400."
One of the Funniest Plays Ever Written.
; POPULAR PRICES— IOc. 15c. 25c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
NEXT WEEK— "WADDY GOOGAN."
P/11/lfP 1 Desirable location,
•¦ JL illilvV unsurpassed cuisine,
. unequaled s«:
t Ofin . . vice ' and modern
UllU conveniences are the
'j attributes;, that have "
lit* sl fin tna"de these two ho-
,' ill UllU tels : popular - with
__ x- tourists ¦ and travel-
rlnfAiC «rs. who visit Saa
llUlWld Francisco.
THE : WEEKLY CALJI
'$l/per*Yeap.
This medicine will purify the
blood, restore the appetite, make
the liver active, and positively
cure Flatulency, Belching, Headache,
Indigestion,. Dyspepsia and Consti-
pation. Try a bottle and be con-
vinced. I
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Stomach Disorders*
Com and Dyspepsia
- DRINK
220 - BROADWAT. N. T.
Best NAT U KAL. Alkaline! Water
This signature is on every box of the genuine
- Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tawet*
ikj remedy that cores a cold in one d^b
fS.'ffijCjU*u
AMUSEMENTS.
-...TO-NIfiHT ALLTHIS
•••• * v *^»VJII I 9 WEEK ••••
USUAL BIG HOUSES— Charming Performance
MR. JAMES NEILL
And His Company — Presenting Bronsoa How.
ard's Comedy-Drama.
ARISTOCRACY
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERT THURSDAT
25c AND 50c.
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY
25c. 83c. 60c. 75c.
Next — Sunday, May 17,
THE NEILL. COMPANY will present Angtutla
Daly's Great Comedy.
The Lottery of Love
- SEATS THURSDAY. ¦•; ' ¦
Powell at., near Market.
TWO MATINEES EACH VVKJSK.
WEDNESDAYS and SATURDAYS.
: -\> CHARLES i'"ROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW
And His Company,
In HIS GREATEST SUCCESS.
THE SECOND IN COMMAND
By Robert Marshall.
Author of "A Royal Family," etc
PDffpC Evenings. $2. * 1 50, $1. 75c. 60c. 23a.
ittltC J Matinees, ?1 60. $1. 75c, 60c. 25c
_____ I
VAUDEVILLE NECTAR!
Lew Sully; Mr. and Mrs. Xelcy; Mil*.
Chester's Statue Dog; Kelly and
Kent; Eaymond and Caverly; Hil-
da Thomas and Company; The
Florena Troupe; The Biograph, and
Last Week of Julia Heinrich.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
WILTON BROTHERS: HOSTE BROTHERS;
THE CUPPER QUARTET: GORMAN ANI>
KEPPLER: PETCHING BROTHERS:
GRANT AND GRANT AND NEW MOVING
PICTURES.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
COL. EDWARD. BEAUPRE,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.- 1'
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, 5c
Phone for Seata — Park 23. .
| FlSCHER'S ™eate<|
O'Farrell, bet. Stockton and Powell su.
TeleDhon* Main 231.
It CORKER !
Was Standing Room
Another Again !
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
PACKS THEM FOR THE SIXTH GREAT
. . WEEK.
The new specialties, wonders. Amber, Cole-
man, Kellar, Kolb. Dill, Bernard, Blake. Henu-
s=en and Hope, Emerson and our bewitching
chorus of 40.
Matinees on Sat. and Sun., 25c; any night
for 25c and 50c; children at matinees, ,10c
Think of how many seats you want for our:
Office 1004- Market Street.
Telephone— South 420.
Oakland Office— s4 San Pablo Aye,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASSN.
Has given us experience in laundering the
finest linen that enables us to handle all
such v/Jthout break or tear.
If you're particular about yours send It
here and we'll send it home in a pleasing
jk condition of cleanliness and finish.
V No saw edges.
The Mil of Time
Split hair, harsh hair, lusterless hair,
brittle hair. - falling hair all owe their
origin' to dandruff, which is caused by a
measly little microbe that burrows into
the scalp, throwing up the cuticle into
dandruff scales and sapping the vitality
of the hair at the root, causing the sev-
eral diseased conditions, of the hair till
it finally falls out. J Modern science has
discovered a remedy to destroy the dan-
druff microbe, which is combined in New-
bro's Herpicide and may be had of any
druggist. Allays Itching instantly and
makes hair soft as silk. Take no substi-
tute; nothing ."Just as good."
All Come From Dandruff, Which 13
Caused by a Germ.
SPLIT, BRITTLE, DULL HAIK.
1236 Market Street.
"K. ?>. C." MEOtCAL CO.
PHOXE HOWARD 1305.
SO Kemp's Suppositories, ?2.00. If your
irugplst does not cell them call at office or we
will send them postpaid on receipt of above
price. Send for circulars and testimonials.
gtOOD offered any person who can prove that
the above testimonial is not genuine.
Kott. after six months' use of the Suppos-
itories, I feel a different woman. I gladly tell
this and would cheerfully recommend the rem-
edy to all Buffering as I did. All who do ac-
cording to directions will agree with me that
liio is not euch a failure after all.
Very gratefully,
ANNA M. CLANCY,
_ 109 De Long Aye.
Dear Dre. : It affords me great pleasure to
be *ble to express ray everlasting gratitude to
you for the great benefit received from the use
of Kemp' e Suppositories. For years I suffered
every torture. Was treated by five different
physicians.- but only failed and grew worse
Discouraged. I tried three remedies for female
complaints without relief, and after having
mertyred almost ex-erythlng. reluctlantly sub-
mitted to an operation which seemed to
paralyze me partially, as a result of which I
¦was confined to bed for three months. Almost
on the verge of despair I was Induced to try
Kemp's Suppositories. I was naturally skept-
ical about anything helping me, but after the
first month the change in my condition was
marvelous.
V->?°,. T°w Buffer from 'White*, Leucorrhoea.
gainful Menstruation or Ovarian Tumors and
ha\> you grown tired of taking tonics' and
tarraparillas and obtaining: no relief, and been
finally told by your family physician that noth-
ing but an operation can restore your health?
It so. do net give up in despair, but be your
own doctor and try Kemp's Suppositories,
vh.ch Is a local treatment and a sure cure
lor all Female Complaints.
K«np-« Suppositories are put up only by the
.^or^Tn^'no^opir "^
$2500 offered to any durgjfiet trho can prove
tn&t the above statement Is not true
K. S. C. Medical Co. SAN " FRA^ISCO.
TO WOMEN.
OF INTEREST
AivEBTISSMENTS.
"¦ ;JB: Food for the
LSI. Old Folios in
1 jMI ANHEUSER-BUSCH'S*
j^HHHk'^ is a f ood in liquid form—
easily assimilated by the
weakest stomach. Produces
|^^^3t^^^S| a PP e tit e * health and Vigor.
$ Iff anon woxf^WM Doctors approve it.
b^^^SEHOP^l All druggists sell it. Prepared only by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
ril^lli^L JtlBPl "BH BreVers of the famous Budwelser, Michelob.
BlacK 6 Tan. Faust, Pale-Lager. Anheuttr*
Standard, Export Palo and Ezquisit*.
*¦ DEMANDS ACCOUNTING.— A. P. Riordan,
who purchased the interest of . his brother ; A.
E. • Riordan, In • the . Conde -fruit -and ¦ poultry
Etcre at 1219 Steiner street, filed a suit for an
accounting against \ Jose ; Conde •¦ yesterday. .. He
alleges that Conde. who owns a half-interest in
the store, has : converted ' the * proceeds • of the
business to his own, use.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 12.— The
folldwing Callfornians registered here to
day: At the National, J. R. Peacock and
R. O. Lincoln of San Francisco. At the
St. James— L. Doliver and wife, E A.
Sturges and wife, J. Jacobsen- and wife
E. Peterson, Mr. and Mrs. Peterson of
San Francisco. At the Arlington— A G
Fiske and wife and Miss L. B. Flske of
San Francisco. At the Raleigh— A. B
Jacobs and H.I. Kowalsky, of San Fran
cisco." At the Willard— Frank Hanna and
wife, F. A. Greenwood and R. Robertson
of Santa Cruz, and Mrs. A. A. Water
house of Ban Francisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
The argument on the motion to dismiss
Rev. v James H/ Kelley of the Third
Colored Baptist Church on the charge of
betrayal under promise of marriage, pre
ferred by Miss Hattie Bynum, took place
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday, after
noon. Attorney - Copland represented tho
defendant and Attorney. Caldwell the
complaining witness. , The Judge reserved
his decision till Thursday morning. "The
courtroom was crowded with colored peo
ple • . •-• ' " • ' . . ;'¦ ' '
Pastor Kelley's Case Argued.
John Brady, aged 70, and P. J.' Mitchell,
a younger man, were arrested yesterday,
the first named for ' drunkenness and the
other for disturbing the peace. They were
placed in the same cell and . Mitchell at
tacked the older man savagely, kicking
him in the head. Brady was removed to
the Emergency . Hospital, where he re
mained for some time in a state of uncon
sciousness, and an additional charge will
be placed against Mitchell as soon as the
condition of Brady j is known. :
Brutal Assault on Old Man.
NEW YORK, May 12.— The following
Callfornians are in New York:' From San
Francisco— T. C. Copeland and A. Sutro.
at the Herald Square; L. Leinert at the
Sturtevant; • Mrs. J. Allyn, Miss Allyn,
W. N. Hunt and A. B.- Perry at the Hol
land; Miss F. Bloomingdale and ' Miss
J. Bloomingdale at/ the Victoria; B. Gul
lixson at the Cadillac; B. Hausman at the
Imperial; H. Heyneman at the Savoy; J.
F Miller at the Manhattan; J..Rose and
wife and A. B. Spreckels at the Hoffman.
From Los Angeles— F. M. Bradshaw at
the Vendome; J. H. Hovey at the Grand
Union; M. Smith ana wife and Mrs. E
L. Lombard at the Imperial; A. G. Hall
and wife at the Manhattan. .
-From Santa Barbara— H. Vail at th«
Imperial.
From Santa Rosa— L. D. Jack 'at the
Park Avenue. • -.-
Calif ornians in New Yor£.
Charles Vandeveare was on trial I in
Judge Cook's department of the Superior
Court yesterday on a charge of stealing
jewelry valued at $1200 from the apart
ments of Julius Kruttschnitt at the Hotel
Richelieu. Fred Reid and Ray Clark,
two of Vandeveare' s companions, plead
ed guilty and testified for the prosecution.
Mr. and Mrs. Kruttschnitt also testified
against the defendant. The accused man's
mother testified in his behalf. The case
was continued till this morning, when
counsel will address the jury.
On Trial for Burglary.
We give special attention to prevailing
forms, and engrave visiting cards, wed
ding invitations and announcements cor
rectly and reasonably. Monograms,
crests and address dies made to order.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Wedding Invitations.
This official decision confirms the gen
eral belief that has existed from the first
that the Bastian Hotel was not blown up
by chance or accident, but that the ex
plosion was -the deliberate work of a
fiendish criminal. Richard Bastian says
he Is utterly, at a loss to know, whom to
suspect.
Cann and Hammel, who were badly
burned in .the hotel, are resting easily.
Jones . and Thomas will soon be able to
work again. Mark Adams, who- was ren
dered'helpless by a . fall, * can now move
himself slightly, though he has but little
uec of his muscles.
REDDING, May 12. — Coroner Thomas
Greene has returned from- Sallee, whither
ho went to hold an inquest upon the body
of George Rodgers, who was killed in the
blowing up of the Bastian Hotel by dyna
mite on Friday night. The Coroner and
his Jurors made the closest possible in
vestigation into the explosion and the fire
which followed. The jury set aside all
theories of accident, finding that Rodgers
died bv suffocation in -a fire caused by
dynamite set off by unknown persons
with murderous intent.
Criminal Caused the Disaster
at Sallee.
Coroner's Jury Decides That Some
BLOWING UP OF HOTEL
NOT DUE TO ACCIDENT
Judge Cabaniss rendered his decision
yesterday morning on the motion to dis
miss the case of W. C. Butts, . charged
with an assault upon Thomas Garrett. He
said he had carefully considered the tes
timony offered, but could find no evidence
whatever connecting the defendant with
the assault except the statement by Gar
rett that he was positive he had seen the
face of Butts at or about the time of the
aftault, but he was not prepared to say
as to the ¦ time and. place. The Judge
therefore considered It his duty to dismiss
the case.
Butts Is Discharged.
The delegates to the Subsidiary High
Court of the Ancient Order of Foresters,
which opens its -biennial session in A.
O. F. building to-day, were tendered a
reception last- night by Washington and
Loyal circles of the Companions of. the
Forest. After the initiatory | work was
exemplified there was a programme of
music and literary numbers and dancing.
In the upper hall Loyal Rebekah Lodge
exemplified the work of the order, in the
presence of many delegates to the assem
bly. " • ¦ .
In the evening the San Francisco Odd
Fellows ' tendered a reception, to their
brothers in Odd Fellows' Hall, on which
occasion the decoration of chivalry for
valuable services rendered was conferred
by General Brower and staff, assisted by
Jennie Wright, Harriet Beckley, Lizzie
Staunton, Effle Tunlson, Miss Jessie Har
ris, Canton : No. 5 of the Patriarchs Mili
tant, Alma Isabel Jensen, warden of the
assembly, and Rachel Marks of Orange
Grove- Lodge of Oroville. After the cere
mony Mrs. Jensen presented each of the
laides of honor a handsome bouquet and
to the little maid of honor a turquoise
ring. Dancing followed the event of the
evening. , .
During the day a" party of one hundred
and fifty, composed of members of both
orders, paid a visit to the Orphans* Home
at Gilroy, for the purpose of ascertaining
how that institution is conducted.
The city was full of delegates yesterday
from all parts of the State, those who are
to take part in the deliberations of the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows and those who will . attend
the session of the California Assembly of
Rebckahs. - - ¦ ' • /
lows and the Ancient Order
of Foresters.
Receptions Tendered by the Odd Fel-
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents.' Morton Special Delivery,
408 Taylor street, 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. . •
Notice to Passengers.
FRATERNAL DELEGATES
TO THREE BIG ORDERS
Praises Wife in Will.
The will of Henry T. Holmes of the
Henry T. Holmes Lime Company, who
died April 28, was filed for probate yes
terday. He leaves his estate, the value
of which is unknown, to his widow,
Laura Virginia Holmes, to whom he
says in the document "he owes every
thing." In a codicil he names E. H. K.
Hawkins as executor.
After the elections Mrs. D. J. Spencer
gave an interesting account and explana
tion of school savings banks.
A. L. Mann was elected president In
place of C. C. Young, who has held the
position for two years. Mrs. M. L. O'Neil
was chosen vice president. Tracey R.
Kelly accepted the position of treasurer
on the condition that he might be allowed
to resign the office in September. Mrs. M.
M. Fitzgerald was re-elected secretary.
Miss K. E. Meighan librarian and Albert
E. Kellogg and Mrs. E. M. North direc
tors.
The /annual election of officers of the
San Francisco Teachers' Club was held
last evening at the clubrooms, Superior
Court building, Larkin street. In spite of
the inclemency of the weather there was
a good attendance.
Teachers Elect Officers.
The Judge said he would have to dis
miss the case as he had no jurisdiction,
the offense having been committed in Los
Angeles, but he appealed to Larmer to
act the part of a man and fulfill his prom
ise;. It was then that the girl made her
appeal, amid tears and sobs, which was
met with silence, driving her to make the
threat. -v
Larmer, who is a young bricklayer, was
on trial for betrayal under promise of
marriage. The girl testified that while
she was employed in a hotel In Los An
geles she became engaged to Larmer and
ho betrayed her under promise of mar
riage. They both came to this city and
kept company till his .attentions grew
cold and finally he refused to make good
his promise.
A dramatic scene was enacted in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday morning when
a pretty girl, Mary Ann O'Connell, after
pleading In vain with Fred Larmer to
marry her and save . her reputation,
pointed her finger at him and said,
threateningly, "Fred, if you don't marry
me, I warn you, there will be something
doing very soon."
ceiver to Fulfill. His Promise
to Marry Her.
TTnavailingly Appeals to Her De-
BEIUAYED YOTTNG GIRL
MAKES SCENE IN COURT
Army orders: Second Lieutenant Jo
seph W. Lacour, Sixteenth Infantry, is
ordered from Columbus Barracks to San
Francisco for duty there; Second Lieu
tenant W. O. Reed, Third Cavalry, is or
dered from Columbus Barracks to San
Francisco, for duty until the arrival
there of his regiment, which he will then
join. • *
These pensions were granted to-day:
Calif ornia-^Orlglnal: Charles F. Man
chester, Pomona, $6. Increase — Califor
nia: L. Sibley, Yountville, $8; Peter M.
Houston, Hanford. $S: John E. Watson,
Sawtelle, $12; Granville W. Moulton,
South Pasadena, $10. Widows: War with
Spain — Kate M. Seely, Los Angeles, $±2.
Oregon— Widows: Minors of Ansel
Weatherly, Scottsburg, $14. Washington
— Original: James D. Walker, Tacoma,
$8. Increase: John Yerion, Seattle, $10.
The salaries of the postmasters at the
following offices in California have been
Increased: Alameda, from ?2700 to $2900;
Arcata, from $1200 to $1400; Bakersfield,
from $2500 to $2600; Benicia, from $1500 to
$1700; Bodie, from $1000 to $1100; Calistoga,
from $1200 to $1300; Campbell, from $1100
to $1200; Chico, from $2100 to $2200; Colton,
from $1400 to $1500.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 12.-Post
offices established: Washington—Excel
sior, Whatcom County; Yacolt, Clarke
County. Postmasters commissioned:
California— George R. Young, Decoto;
Manuel Soto, Freeport; Edward A. Mc-
Clusky, Corcoran. Oregon — Benjamin
D. Jones, Empire: George Hunt, Barne
srat. Washington— William H. Norton,
Excelsior; Edward A. Eaton, Yacolt.
Postmasters appointed: Oregon — F.
Springer; Vinemaple, Clatsop County,
vice E. R. Birchard, resigned.
Postal Service and More New
Pensions Granted.
Several Changes Are Made in the
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE .
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
The remains of the deceased father
will be brought to the church from the
gentlemen's chapel this evening at 8:15
o'clock. The office of the dead will then
be recited. The mass will be celebrated
at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning.
The Rev. Henry Imoda died at St. Ig
natius College yesterday in the 71st year
of his age and the fifty-second of his
religious life. Born in Turin, Piedmont,
he went, when still quite young to Naples,
where he afterward began his classical
studies and laid that broad found
ation in classical scholarship which later
distinguished him. He was received into
the society in 1850. On the completion of
his literary studies he was sent to Bene
vento, where he taught the classics for
eome years. The orders of his superiors
next brought him back to Naples, where
he took up his theological studies, and on
their completion was ordained priest. In
1S67 he was ordered to start for California
and thence proceed to the great north
west in order to work among the Indian
tribes. On his arrival in San Francisco,
however, it was decided that California
was to be his field of labor, and he was
sent to fjanta. Clara College to act as
bursar, a position which he held for nine
teen years. In 1S89 he became president
of St. Ignatius College, this city, and on
the conclusion of his term of office was
appointed superior-general of the society
in California. He held this office for five
years, when ill health necessitated his
resignation. He possessed many gifts of
mind and heart, and the present college
library is a monument to his industry and
scholarship.
lege Passes A-way After Years
of Earnest Work.
Pornxer President of St. Ignatius Col-
2JEV. HENRY IMODA
DIES AT ADVANCED AGE
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Morrow, sit
ting as the United States, Circuit Court of
Appeals, handed down an opinion yester
day that practically ends the litigation
between J. Hanley and Charles
Sweeny, F.' Lewis Clark and the Empire
State Idaho Mining and Developing .Com
pany. The suit involves Hanley's title to
a one- third interest in the Skookum min
ing - claim, - in Idaho, and the opinion of
the' Circuit Court of Appeals sustains
that title and instructs United States Dis
trict. Judge Beatty /of Idaho to issue an
injunction restraining Clark and Sweeny
from taking ore out , of the Skookum
mine, to order an accounting for $150,000
worth of ore taken out of the mine by
Clark and Sweeny and to appoint a re
ceiver. . .
The complainant alleged that Clark and
Sweeny, had represented to him that the
underground workings of the Last Chance
mine in penetrating the Skookum claim
had disclosed ground of little value and
containing.no ore. He ¦ averred further
that, misled by this fraudulent repre
sentation, he agreed to sell his interest to
Sweeny and Clark for $10,000, and that he
afterward learned that Clark and Sweeny
had taken. ore of the value of $315,000 out
of the Skookum:'. He. therefore asked that
kthe agreement to sell be declared null and
void from its date, and for such further
relief as the circumstances might indi
cate. The case - went up . to the Supreme
Court of. the United /States and Hanley
was declared to be the owner, of one-third
interest in the Skookum and in $150,000
worth of "ore taken out of it after the
date of the, fraudulent agreement of sale.
The concluding paragraph of the opinion
of the Circuit Court of Appeals Is as fol
lows :
We ' are of the opinion that the petitioner
is entitled to have the . niandate-'of this court
in Hanley vs. Sweeny et al. enforced, but In
view of the. statement of the respondent. Judge
Beatty, . that he will proceed to enforce it
upon being advised as to the views ot inls
court upon the questions we have been dis
cussing in this -opinion we will withhold the
writ ' of mandamus until the further action
of the court.
The court handed down opinions in oth
er cases as follows:
Silas F. King vs. J. O. Bender — Montana.
Decree affirmed. Judge Ross dissenting.
The Alaska and Pacific Steamship Company
and the American, Bonding and Trust Com
pany of Baltimore City \vs. C. W. Chamber
lain & Co. — Washington. Decree of District
Court reversed and cause remanded, with in
structions to dismiss the libel.
In re Standard Laundry Company in bank
ruptcy — San Francisco. Order of the District
Court affirmed with costs.
The court adjourned until Wednesday,
May 14, at 10:30 a. m. >
Captain Brown Is Dead.
Captain John B. Brown, for 35 years
keeper of the lighthouse at Point Bonita
and v one of the best known and most
popular mariners on the coast, succumbed
to an attack of pneumonia at his resi
dence in Sausalito Sunday. Captain
Brown retired from active duty a few
months ago, after making a name second
to none as a good sailor and a faithful
government servant. He was a man
than whom none braver or more kindly
existed. He was 70 years of age and is
survived by a widow. ; - - _• ¦. ...: :
Sidewalks Must Be Cleared.
Chief Wittmanv issued an order to the
different police captains yesterday calling
their attention to the manner in which
the sidewalks are being blocked by down
town merchants. The Chief has taken
measures to put a stop to the blockade
and has directed his subordinates to see
that the law is enforced hereafter and to
keep at least one-half of the blockaded
sidewalks clear for pedestrians.
Following the clinics there will be a dis
cussion, followed by a business meeting
of the alumni. This evening the alumni
and faculty will banquet the 1902 gradu
ates in the maple room of the Palace
Hotel. The -alumni officers are* Fred G.
Baird, D.D.S., president; Joseph A. Jef
frey, D.D.S., vice president; C. H. Bow
man, D.D.S, recording secretary; H. G.
Allen,: D.D.S., corresponding secretary;
G. H. Cassady, D.D.S. , treasurer.
_ Sixth period, 10:30 a. m. to 12 m.—"Ortho
dontia Exhibit," Dr. J. A. W. Lundborg;
"Moss Fiber Gold, with Hiniker's Matrix."
Dr. Frank L.. Platt; "Use of Silk Ligatures in
Orthodontia, "Dr. Russell, H. Cool; "Extension
Bridge, with Teague's Backing,". Dr. L. .Van
Orden; "Presentation of a Case of Extensivj
Necrosis, Involving the Antrum," Dr. James
G. Sharp; "Slchel's Insoluble Cement," Dr.
Max Slchel; "Swaging Gold Dummies for
Bridge," Dr. G: S. Conner; "The Matrix; Its
Uses and Abuses," Dr. J, jJoran Pease; extras.
¦ Fifth : - period, 9 to 10:30 a."' m. — "Oral
Surgery," ' Dr. John ¦ ¦ Sayre Marshall;
"Richmond Crown," Dr. W. M. Her
rington; "Radiograph l of Head- •" Indica
ting- Foreign" Body tir-the:Maxlllary. Sinus; His
tory of Case,". Dr. W. B. "Kates; Lo&an
Crown," Dr. L». A. Teague; "Hlstologrlcal , and
Bacteriological Slides Under the Microscope,"
Dr. H. R. Oliver; "Method of Restorlnp'Broken
Down Molars and Providing for Future Canal
Treatment," Dr. ; "Demonstration of
the Brewer-Burflend Seamless Crown 'System,"
Drs. Brewer and Burflend; "Use of Broken
Points for Pluggers. Dr. W. J. Prather; "Bas
ford's Obtunding Atomizer," Dr. Basford.-
These clinics will be given to-day:
First perlor. 9 to 10:30 a. m.— "Artificial
Nose," Mr. Charles A. Litton; "Richards' Ob
tundlng: Appliance," Dr. Joseph' I. Richards;
"Seamless Crown," Dr. C. E. Post; "Dental
Histology. Photo-Micrographs of Bacteria," Dr.
J. S. Engs; "Nervanin as a Local Anesthetic,'
Dr. S. L. Strickland; "Models," Dr. *\ W.
Harnden; "Construction of Electric Furnace
for Hixh Fusing Bodies," Dr. E. A. Clay;
"Orthodontia Models as Prepared at Various
Colleges," ¦ Dr. Guy Millberry; "Enamel
Crown," Dr. C. D. Gorton;. "Aauaeous Ob
tunding Apparatus — (a) General Excavation , of
Cavities, (b) Excavation of Sensitive Dentine,"
Dr. A. F. Merriman Jr.; "Testing Strength of
Porcelain Teeth," Dr. P. S. Coke-
Second period, 10:30 to 12 a. m. — "Water
man's Electric Water Heater," Dr. E. R.'.Wat
erman; "Porcelain Inlavs, Jenkins' Outfit,"
Dr. C. L. Goddard: "Crown Table Clinic," Dr.
Clyde Payne; "Uasford's Obtundlng Atomizer,"
Dr.- Basford;"' "Immediate Devitalization," Dr.
Frank C. Pague; "The Use of Iglehart's Seal
ers," Dr. T. , N. Iglehart; "Mouth Illumina
tion," Dr. J. 'A. W. Lundborg; "Moss Fiber
Gold,"- Dr. Mayo Greenlaw; "Specialties," Dr.
John M. Dunn; "Something of Interest," Dr.
A. H. Millberry. - ¦ - •• '
Third period, - 1 :30 to 3 p." m. — "Alveolar
Necrosis^ With Curettement of Antrum," Dr.
James GT Sharp; "Capsule Implantation," Dr.
Clyde . Puyne; "Articulation : of Seamles3
Crown," Dr. ,H. T> Hendricks; "The Hiniker
Matrix Retainer in Contour Work," Dr. A. J.
Hiniker; "Tin Fillingr," Dr. J. D. Hodgen;
"Brown's Seamless Crown System," Dr. 'J. A.
,Brown; ."Extractione Illustrating Use of Dodtl
Elevators," Dr. J. W. Likens;, : 'Orthodontia,"
Dr. W. E. Brooks; "Staple Crown," Dr. Arthur
H. Wallace; "Method of Taking Impression of
Cleft Palate," Dr. G. E.- Daniels.
Fourth period, 3 to 4:30 p. m. — "Jacket
Crown," Dr. H. D. Noble; "Exhibition, of
Dental Curios," Dr. John Rabe; "Shaping and
Tempering Instruments," Dr. W. J. Prattler;
'(a) ! "Difficult Case in Orthodontia," (b) "A
New Articulator for Orthodontia - Cases," Dr.
O. B. Burns;' "Demonstration of Brewer-Bur
ftend Seamless Crown System," Drs. I Brewer
and Burfiend; "Removal of Putrescent Pulp
and Treatment of Root Dr. A. F.
Merriman Jr.; "Box Crown With Adjustable
Facing," Dr. Byron' W. Haines; "Baking
Porcelain BridRe," Dr. J. B. Tufts; "Im
plantation," Dr. C. Delchmlller; "Adjustment
of Rubber Dam With . Palmer Clamp," Dr.
Maurice J. Sullivan.; . ¦;,:
An*5ng jthose clinics which evoked uni
versal interest were the demonstration of
the making of an artificial nose by Dr.
Charles A. Litton; "An Aquaeous Ob
tunding,Apparatus for Sensitive Dentine,"
by Dr. A. F. Merriman Jr.; "Porcelain
Inlays, With* Jenkins' Outfit," by Dr. C.
L. Goddard, and "The Richmond Crown,"
by Dr.-W. M. Herrington. Dr. Maurice J.
Sullivan gave a demonstration of the ad
justment of. rnbber dam with Palmer
clamp. , An electric engine for the mak
ing of compressed air to be used for tav
ity drying,' operated by Impey' Bros.,
evoked much interest.
The following is a . list of the various
clinics given yesterday: ...... '¦•':.'
"All day long the dental practitioners
filled the college-rooms, exchanged valu
able information and gave clinics upon
every branch of the profession.
The ¦ Alumni Association of the Dental
Department of the University of'Califor
nia'held its annual clinics yesterday at
tho infirmary of the college at 1170 Mar
ket street. I . \ "
The sub-committee of the Republican
Executive Committee, recently, appointed
to frame a call for a State convention,
will meet at the Palace Hotel next Satur
day afternoon.
Nobody blames Governor Gage for "stand
ing by his friends," but he must not blame
the people if they Judse him by the sort of
friends he chooses. If the Governor wants to
be a friend of W. F. Herrin, nobody 'can pre
vent, but neither can they alter or conceal the
fact that W. F. Herrin is the paid political
agent of the Southern Pacific Railroad, and
that the price of his friendship is political ser
vice to that corporation.
It weuld'not be surprising if E. H.
Harriman, president of the Southern Pa
cific, should signify directly to all the
officers, employers and attaches of the
corporation that the company had no
candidate for Governor and no sugges
tions for either convention. Herrin's in
terference in the Senatorial contest and
his open advocacy of D. M. Burns was
said to be excusable in ra— road circles on
the ground that Collis P. Huntington,
then president of the company, desired
Burns' election and so advised the com
pany's - political manager. It is doubtful
if Herrin can justify his Interference in
the present contest on the ground that
President Harriman has a candidate for
Governor whose nomination the company
prefers! The people of both political
parties would be happier and the railroad
people themselves would be better off if
the Southern Pacific Company would keep
out of politics. There is no excuse for
railroad obtrusion in this campaign. The
notion that Herrin is in politics up to his
neck Is not a delusion of the San Fran
cisco press. It is well understood
throughout the State that the attorney of
the company is a political manager. This
sort of comment from the Fresno Repub
lican is significant:
The original plan of campaign in this
State, as outlined by Burns and Herrin,
provided for the nomination of Gage by
the Republican convention and the nomi
nation of a weakling in the Democratic
party to oppose him. It was calculated
that W. F. Herrin would be able to fix
things In the Democratic camp to make
Gage's election easy. Since the first of
May a, change has come over the spirit
of the political push. All signs point to an
awakening in both political parties. It
seems that the voters have resolved to
elect the delegations to nominating con
ventions.
J. C Sims, T. O. Toland, R. M. Fitzgerald,
John W, Mitchell, M. F. Tarpey, James D.
Pheian, James H. Eudd, James G. Maguire,
Frar.k H. Gould, William H. Alford. Seth
Mann, Washington Dodge, A. Camlnetti, Nich
olas Bowden. R, F. Del Valle, Ben M. Mad
dox, J. F. Coonap, George S. Patton, William
T. Jeter, D. - H. Arnold, Thomas . E. Curran,
Dr. R. W. Hill and C. W. Fay.
The sentiment of the party seema to
favor a large convention.
The executive body of the Democratic
State Central Committee will meet at the
California Hotel next Saturday to ar
range preliminaries for a State conven
tion. The members of the Executive
Committee are:
Two-thirds of the estate were distribut
ed last year. The remaining one-third af
fected by the order of yesterday consists
of the following properties:
Bonds of the South Pacific Coast Rail
road, worth $2,750,000; stock in the Pacific
Improvement Company. $750,000; personal
property, 5100,000; cash, $1,000,000, and prop
erty at Eleventh and Mission streets and
elsewhere of sufficient value to bring the
total of the one-third of the estate up to
57,000,000.
Judge Maguire objected to the making
of the order, but he was overruled. He
was given twenty days in which to file
b. bill of exceptions on an appeal to the
Supreme Court. All the other suits pend
ing in Judge Troutt's court in the name
of Mrs, Craven were ordered stricken
from the calendar.
The application for distribution was
made by Charles Wheeler, attorney for
Virginia Fair Vaxiderbllt. C. S. Neal, who
has managed the estate, testified that the
property was in condition to be turned
over to the heirs, Charles Fair, Mrs. Van
derbilt and Mrs. Oelrichs, within twenty
four hours.
An order for the distribution of the es
tate of the late James G. Fair was made
by Judge Troutt yesterday. In making the
order the claims of Mrs. Nettie R. Cra
ven were settled, for it is a formal
declaration that the woman who has
fought for a share of the Fair estate for
more than seven years has no standing as
c claimant of the Fair millions.
Miss I. E. Coles of the South End Pri
mary School and Daniel Whitehead, who
was one of Miss McKinney's pupils in the
John Swett Grammar School, also testi
fied. The trial will be continued next
Monday} morning. ; • ; ,-' :t "
Following Lyser's .witnesses a number
of the principals of the various grammar
schools wherein Miss McKinney had
taught, and who had been called by the
board of its own accord were examined.
Miss K. Conklin, principal of the Star
King School, was the only one. who di
rectly asserted that Miss McKinney did
not do her work in a competent manner.
Mrs. N. A. Wood, principal of the Hearst
Grammar School, Mrs. M. Ifurphyj princi
pal of the Irving M. Scott Grammar
School, and Philip Prior of the -Burnett
Grammar School, but who taught in the
James Lick Grammar School when Miss
McKinney was there, agreed that while
they could find very little or no fault with
Miss McKinney's work in the classroom,
they did not desire to have her as a
teacher under them as she appeared to
be of an unhappy disposition and that she
lacked cordiality.
When the trial was commenced in the
afternoon Lyser called to the stand Mrs.
J. H. Erkson, Miss E. B. Brooks and
Miss M. C. Barry, all of whom were
teachers in the John Swett Grammar
School during the time that Miss McKin
ney was employed there as an instructor.
They were summoned to substantiate the
charges preferred by Lyser and they all
agreed that Miss McKinney was not con
genial, and she did;not affiliate with tne
teachers, but none of them would assert
that she was incapable of performing her
duties as a teacher. Their testimony for
the* most part dealt with matters of triv
ial importance and was not in" the main
unfavorable' to the accused teacher.
"Miss McKinney was suspicious of her
associate teachers, whom she said were
conspiring against her," said Lyser. "She
made complaints against Miss Barry and
Mrs. J. H. Erkson, teachers in the John
Swett School. On investigation I found
the charges to be witnout foundation. Her
conduct was that of a person unfit to
teach, although she was at all times neat
and industrious." •
The trial of Miss" Mary McKinney on
charges of incompetency, preferred by
Principal Lyser of the John Swett School,
began yesterday morning before the
Board of Education. Proceedings were
delayed for a time owing to the absence
of Superintendent Webster. When word
was sent to Webster to attend the trial
that official sent word that he must de
cline to take part in the hearing, as his
duty in the case had ended when he made
a report on his preliminary investigation
of the charges.
Lyser was the first witness called' and
was on the stand for two hours during
which he reiterated the c-arges against
Miss McKinney filed in a written com
munication with the board. Lyser dis
claimed that he had declared that Miss
McKinney was mentally incompetent.
Lyser, however, testified that her- mind
was not in a normal condition. He found
her to be nervous and excitable. '¦•
Testimony Offered Is Not Al
together Unfavorable
to Accused.
Meeting of Democratic State
x Executive Committee
Is Called.
Judge Troutt Makes Order
Directing Executors to
Turn Over Wealth.
United States Circuit Court of
Appeals Settles That and *
Other Actions.
Recent Graduates Will Be
Tendered Banquet in
Maple Room.
Heirs of J. G. Fair Will
Receive Remainder
of Estate.
Lyser's Charges Against
Teacher Are In
vestigated.
Chance for Southern Pa
cific to "Retire FronS
. Politics.
Hanley 'Wins One-Third
Interest in the
Skookum.
Many Demonstrations of
Great Value Are o
STRAIGHTEN OUT
HERRIN CURVE
MARY M'KINNEY
PLACED ON TRIAL
DENTAL ALUMNI
HOLD CLINICS
PROPERTY WILL
BE DISTRIBUTED
IDAHO MINING
CASE DECIDED
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1902.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Established over ioo years.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
And this is Pears'.
Wholesome soap is one
that attacks the dirt but
not the living skin. It is
Pears'.
N Agreeable* soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, washes quickly,
rinses quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears'.
Illl i 'Mi^ 4Rk
When women are troubled with irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation, weakness, leucorrhcea. displacement or ulceration of tha
womb,' that" bearing-down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, backache, J
bloating (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous pros-
tration, or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassitude,
excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness, melancholy, "all-
gone" and "want-to-be-left-alone" feelings, blues and hopelessness,
they should remember there is one tried and true remedy. Lydia E.
Pinlcham's Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles.
Refuse to buy any other medicine, for you need the best.
No other medicine for female ills in the world has receire*
such widespread and unqualified endorsement.
Mrs. Pinkham invites all sick women to write her for advice
She has g-uided thousands to health. Address, Jjjnn, Mass.
"Dear Mrs. • Pinkham : — I have used Lydia E. Pinkham V
Vegetable Compound for irregular and painful menstruation, and
was entirely cured after using two bottles. I can truly say it is a
boon to suffering women, and I would recommend all suffering from
the above troubles to try a few bottles and be cured. Very thank-
fully yours, Emma E. Felch, Division St., Fond du Lac, Wis."
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS NOT GENTJINB.
Mrs. Emma E. Felch, Treasurer Fond
du Lac, Wis., Social Economic Club, Tells
How She was Cured of Irregular and Pain-
ful Menstruation by Lydia E. ; Pinkham s
Vegetable Compound.
EATLWAY TE A VEI*
SOUTHERN PACIFIO
Trains leave and are due to arrive at \
SAN FBAXCIsCO.
(Main Line, Toot of Market Street.)
LitTi — From Atkil 20. 1302. — ahiti
7.00a Benicia. Sulsun, Elmlra and Sacra-
ment) S.55p
7.00a "Vscaville, "Wintera, Rnmser 7.5&P
7.30*. Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa. Ctil'scoKM, Santa Ko.hu. 625p
8.00a Darls. Woodland. Knishts Landing,
Msrysvllle, Oroville 7 55p
8.00 a Atlantic Express— Osdcn and East. 8.25a
8.00a Niles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25r
8.00a Nlles. Mendota, Uanford. Vlaalla,
Portervllle 455r
8.30a Shasta Express— Davis. V/llllams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7-B5r
8.30a San Jose, Ltvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placerrllle,
MarysTllle. Chlco. Red Bluff 4.25P
8.30a Oakdale.Chlnesc.SonoraVruolnmno 4.23p
9.00a Vallejo- 12.25r
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy. LRthrop.Stockton, Merced.
Kaymond.fresnoanrt Lo» Angeles 8.25a
9.30* Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.55 p
110.00a Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. t!2.55r
10-OCa The Overland Urn Ited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. B.25p
- t1-00P Sacramento Itiver Steamers.....:.. fil.QOJ 1
3.00r Benicia. Winters, Sacramento,
.. Woodland. Knlsbts Landing,
Marysvllle. Oroville 10.55*
3.30r Hayward, Nlles and Wuy Stations.. 7.5Sf
4C0p Martlnez.San Hamon, Villrjo, Kap ".
Callatosa, Sanla Kosa 9.25a
4-OOt Niles. Livermore, Stockton. Lodi.. 12.25P
4.50i» Hayward.Niles.SanJose.LlTermore t8-55*
4.30p'The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare.
BakemSeld, Sangus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angles 8.55a
E-COp rortCosts,Tr8cy,L*throp,Siockton 10.25a
o.OOp Martinez, Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12.25?
t5.3fh» iqiesLocai 7.25a
G-OOp Hay ward. Nilcu and San Jose 7.55*
TS.00P Vallejo 11.25a
6. 00p Oriental Mall — Ogdcn. Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis, Chicago 4. 25?
7-COr San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Sutlons. 11.25a
t7.00r Vallejo 7.55f
8.05? Oregon ft California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle, Redding,
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.53*
t9.1Qy Hayward and Nlles jII-SSa
COAST LINE (Harrow tUogo).
(Foot of Market Street.)
$7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion tS-OSP
8.15a Newark, Centervine. San Jose,
Felton, Bonlder Creek, Santa
Crax and Way Stations 6,50*
t2.15r STewark. Centerrille. San Jose.
New Almaden, Felton. Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4-15p Newark, San Jose, Los Gstoa t8.5CU
64.1 Br San Jose. Los Oatoi. Santa Crnz... c8.50*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN ¥H ANCISCO. Foot of Market St. (81ip I)
> -rr.K 9:00 1 11:00 ajt. 1.00 3.00 5.15 m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 16:00 tS'.M
¦tt-M 10:00 a.m. 1200 2.C0 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad eaagej.
, (Third ana Towngend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Sutlons 640*
t7C0A Sun Jose and Way Stations t8.00A
7.00a New Almaden /4.10»
I7.15a Monterey Excursion J3.3C?
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jote,
Gtlroy, Salinas, San Loll Oblspo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-43*
- 8.00a Ean Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Crnz,
Pacific Grave,' Saliaas. San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate 8utions 4.10T
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 838a
11.30a San Jose and Way Sutlons 9.48a
a1.3Qp San Jote and Way Stations «7C0*
t2.45p San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose. Tret
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas. Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grore tilMBA
3.30r Ban Jose, Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Santa Cruz and Way Buttons.. .. 7.30?
t4.15p SanJoieandPrinclpalWaySUtlont 5-30?
- IB.OOp Ssn Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Buttons t9JJ0A
C.30? San Jose and Principal Wsy Station* 83ur
6.30r San Jose and Way Sutlons 7-30?
7.00P New Orleans Express — San Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Lo* An-
geles, Demlng, El Paso, Kew
Orleans and East. 10 30a
•11.45p San Jose and Way Stations
A for Moraine- P for Afternoon-
t Sunday ezcepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only". c Monday only.
» Saturday and , /Tuesday sad Frldiy.
Sunday oaly. j
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sauiallto Ferry, '
Commenctns April 27. isxks
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MtLX, VAXIiEX
AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DATS— «:45. T.M, 8:45. 8:30. U:0«
a. m.. 12:20. '1:43. 3:1S, 4:1^*5:13. 1:13.
e:«, 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:13 a. ra. does not
run to Mill VaUey. •
SUNDAYS— 7:0O. 8:00. •0:00. »10:00. 11:00.
11:30 a. m., 12:30. »l:30, 2:30. M: 45. 3:00. 8:00.
7:30. 9:43. 11:45 d. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. •6:20, 7:40, S:13 »9:3a
11:00 a. m.. 12:23. 2:15. «3:30. 4:40. 3:30. 8:43.
10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:00, 1M. 9:30. L ni:00 a. m..
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:13. «3:30. 4:15, »S:43. «:43,
7:30. 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:40. 6:40^ 7:43 8:23. »:«.
11:10 a. m., 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10, 3:20. 7:10.
10:15 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7:55. 10:05. 11:10- a. m..
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 3:00. 6:03. 7:13. 10:iii
B " m " THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week, days — Cazadero and way
stations.- jp
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exe«pted>
— Tomales and -way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- Leave ; s Via Sausalito Ferry I Arrive . 1
i, San Fran. Foot of Market St. . San Fran.
Week Sun- -. Th ,5=i 5 ,.K.tr.i» rtv^ Sun- Week
2^5: da y s - t h...T. T «n,7T^ da ? s ' »Wh
9:30a. 8:00 a. i, h .» I , taf rf».iiT«"it7» 12:15 P. 9:15a.
5:16 P. 10:00 a. ¦¦ —J^t. ,.„„,., . 3:30 P. o:5op.
: ' U-30A * 3 •»'/•'. .¦¦¦«. 4-5OP
.¦¦..:::" ilso t: 'T»nai of thilpiis- : 5:55 p; ;;:;;:::;
....'.:... 2:30 p. .'• i .Op>viiiBij < »rm»«. •» 8:15 p. ....:^..
I SATU301TS01iLY-lXMT.Tmrn9:9Qr.>rrlT.BurnacfMOll:»F. -
' Tic's tf OBmc. «I1 MAKKXT BTRIET ud BAC3ALIT0 ROJIT.^ •
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD' USE DAMIANA 3ITTERS. THE
VJ Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
RUPTURE]
1 t^?yS«y^N5'^~* Jtothirt'likcit. Comfort &|^
I r "^^^V < securliyl A Perfect Retainer. Mm
\ fm\ N Ifc does tno work! oy Call or ,^a
ft r/fJX Writ« today for "BOOKLET NO. 1," 1&3&
n *~ Address : Maonetk; E.Trnss Co, JS$3
206 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal. SJJM
Or 33 W. 24th St., New Yoik, Mention thii Paper fiSM
i»USEUH OF flllflTOiY
A , ¦¦- Up - 1051 KASZXT ST. bet. 6ift7ii, S.f.C il.
\ ' X3f' ' T^ e L*'?*" Aeatoraical Museum in the
& «J'.'JL.Si. orld - Weakr.ejiej or anjr contracted
2k"' W?15m 1 **"* 1 ? «red byfe oldest
© . , S fe? I i Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 yean.
A Rsffll DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
V P<§?«^H Consultation free and strirtly prWate.
W I At'wLeI Tre ? tment person»Ily or by letter. A
\ fir llB fiithn Curt in erery case undertaken.
OtPI 110 WrUe for Book. PBILOSWPBY or
T ¦ II ' II 1 " ¦.iaitlAGS, MAIL2D FKEB. (A
X (( lX- valuable book for mm) ¦
9 »K. 3OBDAN A CO.. 1051 ATarlret St. S. P.
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
CALIfOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEES
SAM FRANCISCO AN3 NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPA5T.
Tib nr 011 Kerry. Foot of Market St.
SA]V FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
•3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p." m.
BUNDATS— 8:00, 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. •
SAN KAI'AKL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 0:20. 11:15
a. rn.; 12:50, 3:40,J5:C0, 6:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3i40,
4:55, 5:05. 0:25 p. ra. 1
Leave I In Effect I . Arrive
San Francisco! May 4. 1902. |San Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destlna. I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. - «| days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a - Ignado 9:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a ' and 10:40 a 10:20 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
| 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 al 8:40 a
3:2Cp 9:30 a and 6:05 p|lO:2Q a
6:10 p 6:00 p Santa Rosa, 7:35 pi 8:20 p
Fulton • I
7:80 a Windsor 10:20 a
6:00 p HealdEburs 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyserville
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at Hopland ¦ ' 110:40 allO:2O a
8:30 p| 5:00 p| Ukiah '-. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 aj 8:00 a| Wllllts |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al Guerneville • I 7:35p'10 20a
3:30 p| 6:00 p| )lO:40ai 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 af Sonoma I 9:10 al 8-40 a
6:10 pi 6:00 p| ; Glen Ellen | 6:C5 p| 6J20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al . Sebastopol 110:40 allO-20 a.
3:S0p|6:00p( | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
• Stages ¦ connect at Santa .Rosa fo- Mark
West Springs. and White Sulphur Springs- at
Fulton for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs- at
Cloverdale for the Geysers 1 and BooneviUe-' »
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Snrinrs
KelseyviUe. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay Lake
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah 'or Viehv
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurfei
Dell Lake Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Poino
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lierlev's
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvti'e Orr-i
Hot Springs. Half- Way House. Comptche
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno Cltv ir7,Zl
Bragg. Westport. Usal; at WUllu for SW
wood, Cahto, -Covelo, Laytonville. Cumminii
2SC I^t^and^e^" 11 ' 8 - *«• Pep^ :
refuced^tes 4 . 0 f«*«» «<**. at
. On Sundays— Round-trip Uckets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ; *»° l nt»
buTkUn 6 - ° f?Ce ' - C5 ° Market " treet « Chronicle
E. C. WHITIXO. R. X. RTAN, *
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
V^" 1^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M*y*~JzQ t»— 1> KEACSY ST. Established
I3j*7Si^*Sb'» 18** forthf treatment f>f 1'riVHtw
f?*iiV«Jfe7 Diseases. Lost ilanucxxi. Debility or
K^^^K?K;A'!is«»as>' wearlnBon hodyand mind ant
iJBBWMCaSkln Di5en!<es. The Doctor cures when
fall. Try him. Charges low.
Dr. J. t\ iilBSO.V, »au Fraaclsco, Cat
7:20 a. n.:ts Bakersfleld LocaJ. stopptn*
at all points In San Jcaquln Valley Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40a. ml daily
¦ Offices— 641 i Market street; and in Ferry
Depot, '. San. Francisco; 1112 Eroa'dway
Oakland._ . ->> . .- :'
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
;. Lgavo Mark«t-atr>et Ferry Depot.
Local JLlm'a Ovrl'd Local
. Ds'ly Daily Dally Dally
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
• Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 P i :S ok 9:11 9
2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:80 9
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8-05 a
:: x 1 !* 11^ 3:3 » pi •••.... sioo a*: :::
" Bakersfld 6:13 p B-20o 7-45a
"Kan. City ....... 2 \lbl 7*0 a '.""i;
"Chicago 2;i5p 9:QQ P ..... * .
a for morning, p for afternoon
»:00.a. m. train la the California Urn-
Ited, carrying Palace Sleeplne Cars and
Dlnlnjf Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersneld for accommodation ot
local flrst-class passengers. No Becond-
class tickets are honored on this train Cor.
responding train arrives at .7:03 a. m. daily
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding, train arrives at 12-30
p. m. daily. -¦ ; , • . ." .
8 p. -m. Is -the Overland. Express. i»iu»
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
palace Sleeper, which outs out at Fresno.
Corresponding . train arrives at 0:00 p. -m.
dally. > . .
•This signature is on every box of the gennlna
. Laxative Bromo-Quimne Tabieu .
ihf reni&dr that cares a cold In «ne dajr«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAUWA7 TRAVEL.
EAILWAY TBAVEIh
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S I
DYSPEPSIA CURE I
Will enable you to eat what you like 3
• and all you like. Cures dizziness, con- rj
* Etlpatlon, nervousness and sleepless- £3
ness; makes old stomachs almost ad r
food as new. Makes socd rich blood 7
and builds up the whole system. g
Munyon's Witch Hazel- Soap makes r
the skin, soft as velvet, 15c. Sold every- s
where. ;
Munyon's Inhaler Cures GafarrI). I
Send for Guide to 'Health Book free, B
. New Yorlc. g
Mark Twain's
Cousin,
G. C. Clemens, of Topeka,
ted constitu-
tional lawyer,
who bears so J^^^^^ ; a
semblance t o T^
Mark Twain, J^{C^v*|*f£W
ly taken for the
original Mark, G - c - Clemens,
is a man of deep intellect and |
wide experience. He is con-
sidered one of the foremost
lawyers in this country. In a re-
cent letter to the Dr. Miles
Medical Co., Mr. Clemens says:
* * "Personal experience and obser-
vation have thoroughly satisfied me that
Dr. Miles' Nervine contains true merit,
and is excellent for what it is recom-
mended."
Mr. Norman Waltrip, Sup. Pres. Bank-
ers' Fraternal Society, Chicago, says:
M f,: s Pain Pills
are invaluable for hendache and all
pain. I had been a great sufferer from
Headache until I learned of the efficacy
of Dr. Miles' Pain Pills. Now I always
cany them and prevent recurring at-
tacks by taking a pill when the symp-
toms first appear."
Sold by all Druggist*.
Price. 25c. per Box.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, lnd.
Brewed ; in a plant as I clean If
as the 'cleanest • home kitchen 9
ttJl lway s'opeh to your inspec- H
tion— 58,971 Visitor's last y«ar. |SALT LAKE Utah, May 12.— "Jim"
Flynniof Salt Lake was g^ven the dect
sion over "Jack" Graham of Colorado la
the fifth round of u scheduled twenty
round contest at the Salt Lake Athletic
Club to-night. The fight was on the
whirlwind order while it lasted. In th«
fifth round Graham was groggy from a
succession of rights and lefts to the face
and deliberately kicked Flynn twice In
tte groin. He was promptly disqualified.
Disqualified for Fouling.
PARK CITY. Utah. May 12.— "Dummy"
Rowan of Park City and "Deafy"
Thompson of Montana met here to-night
b .fore a large audience In a contest for
"deafmute championship of the world."
The pugilists fought v at catch weights,
Rowan scaling 169 pounds and Thompson
145. Thompson was much the cleverer,
but the heavier weight of his opponent
was too much for the Montana man, and
he went" down and out in the tenth round
from a vicious swing on the Jaw.
Rowan Wins Deaf mute Championship
Cincinnati Still Holds the Record for
Haking More Errors Than
Buns. ii
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. May 12. — Kitson dunllcated New
York'* performance of yesterday, holding th»
locals down to three hits and no runs. Brook
lyn's two acorea were made after two outs on
an error and three singles. Attendance. 120U.
The score: . -.
Clubs— ( R. H. E.
Chicago 0 3 2
Brooklyn 2 9 1
Batteries — St. Vraln and Kiln*; Kitson and
Ahearn. Umolre — Enmlle.
ST. LOUIS. May 12. — St. Louis defeated
New York to-day because the latter was un
able to solve the delivery of Muruhy. The lo
cal Ditcher held the visitors down to two sin
gles and one run. Attendance, 700.- The score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 9 1
New York 12 1
Batteries — Murphy and Ryan; Kennedy and
Bowerman. Umrlre — Cantllllon.
CINCINNATI. May 12. — Cincinnati showed
Its usual form In making- errors this afternoon
and Philadelphia ran away from It. Attend
ance. COO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati S 9 «
Philadelphia 8 14 2
Batteries — Hahn and Bergen; Ducelesby and
Doom. Umuires — Powera and Brown.
PITTSBURO. May 12. — In the eight innings
Tannehill pitched only four hits wer« made.
"Willis. «n the other hand, was hit when runs
were needed. Attendance, 3200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburgr 4 10 1
Boston 2 6 . S
Batteries — Leever, Tannehill and O'Connor;
Smith. Willis and ' Klttredge. Umpire— O' Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. Mav 12.— Inability to hit
Donahue with, men on bases and Joss' wild
ness were the cause of Cleveland's flttii
straight fief eat. Attendance, 3145. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 11 4
St. Louis 7 11 a
Batteries — Joss and Bemis: Donahua and
Sugden.
BALTIMORE. May 12.— Baltimore defeated
Washington here this afternoon in a featureless
game. Attendance, 2336. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 0 15 2
Washington 4 12 3
Batteries — McGinn I ty and Robinson; Fatten
and Drill.
PHILADELPHIA. May 12.— Boston won In
the flrst Inning to-day by clean hitting. At
tendance, ISIS. Score :
Clubs-^- R. H. E.
Boston S 13 1
Philadelphia. 2 8 1
Batteries — Winters and Warner: Flank and
Pow«rs.
DETROIT. May 12.— Detroit won this after
noon's game by bunching seven of their eleven
hits in the fourth, fifth and sixth Innings. At
tendance. 246-1. Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Detroit 5 11 1
Chicago 4 . 11 1
Batteries — Miller and McGuire; Griffith and
Sullivan.
WESTERN LEAGUE.
PEORIA. May 12.— Peoria 4. Colorada
Sprlnrs 3.
MILWAUKEE, May 12.— Milwaukee 1, Den
ver 2. . •
ST. JOSEPH. May 12.— Des Molnea 1. St. Jo
seph 4.
KANSAS CITY. May 12.— Kansas City 0,
Omaha 12.
KTTSON HOLDS CHICAGO
DOWN TO TH H TTR HITS
AH of the men and the Hogan woman
are at present "incommunicado," pending
completion of the police investigation of
their cases. "I think we have the right
men," was Chief of Police Hodgklns'
comment to-day.
The round-up which resulted In the ar
rest of this half-dozen was made at 5
o'clock Sunday morning by Captain of
Police W. F. Petersen, Sergeant of Police
Harry Green and four policemen.
McCoy and Baldwin, according: to th»
police, exactly fit the description of the
men who robbed Newton Blodgett at
Eleventh and Jackson streets and T. Tak
onlso, a Japanese cook, at Thirteenth and
Jackson streets, the night of May 6. Tho
same pair of prisoners are also suspected
of other recent crimes of similar nature.
The men, who are under closest investi
gation, are James McCoy, arrested with
Belle Hogan in an ark at the foot oC
Alice street, and Walter Baldwin, a dis
honorably discharged United States ma
rine. Baldwin was captured in a Fifth
street house of Ill-repute, the female oc
cupants of which, Clara "Wilson and Min
nie Woods,- were also taken into custody.
The third man is a son of the Hogan
woman. He has not been connected with
the other men, but Is being held on gen
eral principles and because of his asso
ciations. McCoy is said to be* a fugitive
from. a northern city.
As a result of a raid through Oakland's
tenderloin and on the water front, the
police have in custody three women and
three men, two of the male prisoners be
ing strongly connected with recent hold
ups In this city. The women had been
consorting with the men.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 12.
Footpads Are Believed to Be
\ Among the Prisoners
Now in Jail.
Half a Dozen Men and
Women Are Taken
Into Custody.
POLICE CAPTURE
SUSPECTED GANG
'¦¦¦ BERLIN,. May 12.— J. Pierpont Morgan
spent one day in Berlin last week, where
he stopped at a hotel incognito. He quite
successfully prevented his presence in the
city becoming. generally known. The ob
jects of: Morgan's visit to Berlin, has not
Morgan Quietly Visits Berlin;
PRIKCETON. N. " J.. May 12.— The Uni
versity of California track athletes ar
rived here from New Haven to-night and
will ¦ -i practice I on ; Princeton's track and
field for. the dual meet with Princeton on
May 24 and for the Intercollegiate meet
May 3O. ; ¦ . ", /¦: : :. - ;¦• .¦ ;/. .¦ ' ",'
California Athletes, at Princeton.
On Sunday night BIsbee returned to
camp and : took -up the search once more
with others. After many hours of hard
climbing the party found Letter on an
abandoned portion of the old Sturtevant
trail. Letter's feet were cut and swollen.
A stretcher was Improvised and the man
was taken to Pasadena. ' Physicians say
he will recover.
Letter . left Martin's jcamp on Thursday
morning on a fishing expedition. When
he failed to appear on Friday It was be
lieved that he had gone . to Pasadena,
where he . formerly worked. Inquiry dis
closed the fact that the man had not been
in Pasadena and on Saturday a party was
sent out to search for him. The men
returned without having -found a trace
of Letter -and on Sunday Moses BIsbee,
a mountain guide, took up the hunt. He
struck the. trail in the west fork of tne
San Gabriel ¦ Canyon. He followed the
traces to Sturtevant's camp, but found
no one there.
LOS ANGELES, May 12.— After wander
ing about the mountains five days with
out food or protection from the severe
night air Louis Letter . was brought into
Pasadena on a stretcher this afternoon,
delirious and almost exhausted. The man's
sufferings were terrible, as his bruised
limbs and-,wasted form plainly indicate.
WANDEBS ON MOUNTAINS
FIVE DAYS WITHOUT FOOD
American Polo Players Lose.
LONDON, May 12.— The American pole
players, who are among the entries for
the coronation cup tournament, which be
gan at the Roehampton Polo Club Satur
day,- made their first appearnce in the
tournament to-day, having drawn a bye
on Saturday. They were opposed by the
Rugby team. The English team won by
six goals to four.
Buys the Yacht Josephine.
SAN DIEGO. May 12.— The forty-foot
yacht Josephine, which was built here In
1894 by Jere Nichols and is considered one
of the best yachts, both for speed and ac
commodations, on the bay, was sold to-day
by Captain Alex Williamson to Frank W.
Wakefield of Oakland for $1500. She will
be taken north the last of the week.
Five furlongs, selling — Gibraltar. 120 (See),
2 to 1, won; Katie Walcott, 115 (Ross). 2 to 1
second; The Miller, 117 (Kelly), 3 to lj third.
Time, 1:02. Almoner, Alaria, Ellis Glenn,
Gold Baron, Nona B, Fine Shot and Gypsy Boy
also ran. ' . . ' (
One mile, selling — Artllla. 116 (Tullett). 3
to 2, won; Nilgar, 110 (Ross), 5 to 1, second.
Maraschino, 110 (Higuera), 3 to 1, third. Time.
1:42^4. Windward, Halmetta, Lodestar and
Muster Cal also ran.
Seven furlongs, selling — KIckumbob, 111
(Burlingame), 5 to 1, won; San Venado. 114
(Guiterrez). 3 to 1. second; Mamie Hildreth,
107 (See), 2 to 1. third. Time. 1:27%. Mike
Rice. Plan, Whaleback, Ned Dennis and
Monda also ran.
Six furlongs, selling — Mythrox, 105 (Tullett),
6 to 1, won: Yellowstone, 100 (Wickline), 6 to
1 second: Tlburon. 116 (Guiterrez), even, third.
Time, 1:15%. Jerid, Young Morello, Knock
ings, Loyal S, Hilary, The Gaffer and Eldred
also ran.
Five and a (half furlongs, selling — Tom
Slavln. 117 (Ross), 7 to 5, won; Blllisls, 112
(See), 5 to 1, second; Canderos, 114 (McCarthy),
7 to 1, third. Time. 1:09. Donee,' El Sobrlno,
Troy, Little Gun, Tibs, Debetick, Theron and
Jennie Miller also ran.
SACRAMENTO, May 12.— The attend
ance .at the opening race meet of the
Capital City Jockey Club at Agricultural
Park to-day was rather light, but after
the first two races the betting paddock
filled up and as there was lots of money
in sight the bookies were kept busy. The
track was in excellent condition and the
various events, while not hair-lifting In
any way, were good. Fred Mulholland did
excellent work as starter.. Summary: .
CAPITAL' CITY JOCKEY
CLUB'S MEETING OPENS
vitations. He was a sober, steady young man
and I am at a loss to account for his act.
About a week ago he told me that' he had
taken out two life Insurance policies in my
name and I told him that I did not want him
to do anything like. that. I then suspected for
the first time that he- might care for me more
seriously than I thought, but he did not men
tion the subject. For reasons of my own I
then told him that It was engaged to be mar
ried and he replied, "Well, that don't make
any difference. If I die I want you to get
the money anyway."
The last, time I saw him was yesterday after
noon. He was then in excellent spirits and
said nothing to me that would Indicate that
he contemplated taking his own life.
"I knew my daughter was friendly with
Mr. Levy," said Mrs. Miller, "but I am
sure it was not a serious friendship. He
never spoke to her of love and I looked
upon him as simply one of her young gen
tleman friends, as I do upon others who
call here at the house to spend a pleasant
evening. He seemed to be a very good
young man, and I cannot imagine why he
should have taken his own life."
The suicide lived -with his parents at
131S Pierce street, San Francisco. He was
the eldest son and his untimely death was
a great shock to his family. The father
and mother were prostrated with grief.
Deceased was a son of Jacob Levy, a
member of the -firm of A. Levy & Co.,
produce commission merchants, doing
business at 401-405 Davis street. Young
Levy ' was employed by the firm in the
capacity of a clerk. .
'Three Husbands Want Divorces.
OAKLAND, May 12.— David H. Rand
began suit for dvorce to-day against
Myrtle Rand on the. ground of desertion.
The couple were married three years ago.
She Is connected with the Dramatic Mir
ror in New York and one of her several
names is Miss Helen Treeh.
A. E. Wright sued Mary Wright on the
ground of desertion. They are colored
people ¦ and he is a farmer. They were
married in 1893 and are childless.
Geanoma Garibaldi sued Margherita
Garibaldi on the ground of desertion.
They were married in 1899 and have no
children. ...... • ¦ . . ,
Licensed to" Marry.
OAKLAND, May 12.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Charles Wilander,
25, and Agnes Ahoren, 25, both of Oakland;
Henry S. Whltehead, 43, Amador City,
and Dora A. Wooster. 35, Placer County;
Charles R. Johnson, 33, and Bessie Ryan,
29, both of San Francisco.
Drowns in the Bay.
Frederick Madison, a watchman on
Howard-street wharf at pier No. 3, heard
a splash in the water at 1:45 o'clock this
morning. He went to the end of the wharf
and. saw a man splashing and floundering
b bout. 'A rope was thrown v him, but, he
disappeared in the darkness. . The man is
supposed to have been a coal-passer on
the steamer Leelanaw. The police are in
vestigating the matter. ;. ¦:. ,
ELOCUTIONIST , GIVES ENTERTAIN
MENT. — Miss Clara Archibald, teacher of elo
cution, assisted by. her pupils, gave the 'last
of her" entertainments, last evening at the
rooms of the Women's Educational and In
dustrial Union at 7 Van Ness -avenue.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— Joaquin Ber
nardo Calvo, the Minister from Costa
Rica at Washington, -issued to-day the
following statement : , .
The news from Panama published to-day to
the effect that the military element In the
neighborhood of San Jose, Costa Rica, Is in
insurrection, is incorrect. There is no insur
rection at . any place in that country. Presi
dent-elect Esquivel was inaugurated on the
8th instant, according to law. and the news of
this fact was officially communicated to the
legation ot Costa Rica, at Washington on the
8th instant, everything being quiet there as
usual. - "
The assertion that the Insurrectionists are
proclaiming a leader that does not - want to
lead explains In itself that the report from
Panama Is Incorrect.
The Important changes that had been made
among the Government officials, and especially
in the Cabinet, are facts simply consequent to
the change of administration, as It occurs else
where.
There is no Insurrection in Costa Rica.
Says That There Is No Trouble at
" Anv Place in Costa
Rica.
MINISTER CALVO DENIES
STORY OF INSURRECTION
AXLE OF CAR BREAKS,
CAUSING A WRECK
California Limited, Eastbound, on the
Santa Fe Meets With Accident
Near Revere.
KEOKUK. Iowa, May 12.— The Califor
nia Limited, eastbound,' on the Santa Fe,
was wrecked this morning at Revere,
ten miles from the scene of the wreck
of the same train two weeks ago. The
axle of the dlnlng-roim car broke and
the train ran into a switch near Revere
Tne train crashed into a boxcar on a
siding. The corner of the dining-car was
torn off and six coaches were thrown
from the track. The speed of the fain
at the time was more than a mile a min
ute. One passenger. Miss Jane Adams of
the Hull House. Chicago, was slightly in-
Students Find Rare Focsil.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 12.-A
party of geology students have found im
beddea in the sandstone within two miles
of the' university a specimen of baculites
chlcoensia. This fossil, which is very
?^ ct E ri8t &t. of . l £ c lower cretaceous
™2£« has * 1 i! th Sf t0 been unfe nown in this
region, and its discovery may prove to be
bed > s rtant iD determlnin S the age of thl
MAN WHO KILLED HIMSELF,
•AND GIRLS TO WHOM HE
LEFT LETTERS.
The letter that was written last Is to
the girl in whose name the two insur
ance policies are made out, Miss Amy
Miller, of 110 McAllister street, San Fran
cisco, and reads:
May 10, 10:45 p. m.
Amy: I guess you will be surprised when
you hear of this.
I have reason that no one will ever know
but myself and you.
Now, Amy, be a good girl and tell the folks
to give you. the picture.
Good-by forever. ' SAM.
Find both insurance papers in my pocket.
The second note was addressed to Miss
Violet Armer at Bakersfleld, and was very
short,->as follows:
May 10. 10:30 p. m.
Friend Violet: Will write you a few lines
saying Kood-by forever.
I seen Harry Saturday and he snowed me
ybur letter, bo I (messed we will meet in the
other world.
Good-by Vlo. Your friend. SAM.
The insurance policies referred to in the
letter to Miss Amy Miller are for $1000
each, one in the Pacific Mutual Life In- ,
surance Company and the other in the
National Union, a fraternal organization.
Both are made payable to Miss Miller.
There was also a short letter from her
signed simply, "Amy M.," and reading:
Aprfl 26, 1002.
, Dear Friend Sam: Well, I will write' as I
promised to. I looked for the couDon, but
could not find It. I know its around, the house
some place, so will look for it aeaiii. Here
are the pictures I promised to send you. 1
think they are good. Monday I had some taken
and will give you one if they are good. .
AMY M.
Excuse mistakes and blots, please.
MISS ARMER REPROACHFUL. -
F»om Violet Armer, the other woman
to whom he left a farewell note, there
was quite a long letter dated Bakersfleld.
It consists principally of reproaches for
having cut a picture she sent him in order
to have a photograph button made.
Although the suicide had his insurance
policies made out in favor of Miss • Amy
Miller, there was an envelope in his
pocket containing a lock of hair tied with
a blue ribbon. On the outside of the en
velope was written, "A curl, from Violet
to Sam." • • ,
• There was a letter from 'New York
signed, "Your cousin, Joe Beck," and
another signed, "Your sister, Hulda." . His
pocket memorandum book was filled with
racing notes, addresses .and dates, such
as a commercial traveler would have for
his customers. . • • , ¦•-.
Miss Miller is a rather pretty blonde girl
not yet out of her teens. She Is a gradu
ate of the Girls' High School and lives
with her "parents at their home on Me-'
AlHster street. _ When .seen yesterday she
expressed both" sorrow and surprise over
Levy's foolish act. She stated that she
knew no reason why he should commit
suicide. She said: - . r .
Mr.' Levy was a friend of mine and he never
professed any stronger regard for me than
that of friendship. I have known' him for
about a year and in all that time he never
talked of suicide. I- am quite sure that lie
did not care enough for me to hasten his end
In such a manner. .
/ 'NEVER SPOKE OF LOVE. -
In all the time I have known him he never
once spoke of entertaining a feeling of love
for me. ; He called at the house at times and
invited me to go out. with, him,- but as I am
engaged to be married soon. I declined his in-
REFERS TO POLICIES.
After retiring he evidently devoted him
self to writing two short notes, which
were found on the table in the room.
These notes are dated May 10th, but this
is evidently a mistake, for they were
timed "at 10:30 and 10:45 respectively,
which would be shortly after he secured
his room at the hotel. Both of the let
ters are written on leaves torn from a
memorandum book, and were inclosed in
plain, unsealed envelopes, addressed but
unstamped.
It is evident that Levy committed sui
cide last night, though no one In the
hotel knew' it until an effort was made to
make up the room this afternoon. The
door was found locked, and was forced.
The dead man was on the bed, dressed
in his underclothing, with the revolver
that had caused his death at his side.
Deputy Coroner Henry Quellln says that
death must have been instantaneous. The
surprise is that some one in the hotel did
not head the pistol shot.
» Levy went to the Crellin last evening
and asked for a room. He seemed to be
a commercial traveler and he was given
quarters without requiring payment in
advance. He said nothing about the
length of his stay, and retired at once. '
110 McAllister street, San Fran
cisco, and with two letters of farewell to
different women, Samuel S. Levy, of-1328
Pierce street, San Francisco, was found
dead in the Crellin Hotel late this after
noon.
OAKLAND, May 12.— With a bullet
in his brain, a pocket' full of let
ters, two insurance policies made
payable to Miss Amy Miller of
RENO, New, May 12.— Wells, Fargo &
Co. and the railroad officials along the
line of the Southern Pacific through Ne
vada and the western portion of Utah are
excited over the appearance of several
bands of suspicious travelers, supposed to
be train robbers, and have taken precau
tions to guard their property. Detective
John Thacker and a number of other se
cret officers were sent from San Francisco
and are watching each train as it passe3
through the territory in. which the sup
posed bandits have been seen. Bank of
ficials in towns along the line have been
notified and have taken extra precautions
to guard their- gold. .
Several days ago three different parties
of men were noticed in the vicinity of
Beowawa. They were first observed in
the northern portion of the county and
traveled in separate bands, heavily
armed, mounted on exceptionally flna
steeds and led pack horses. Their actions
alarmed the 'railroad men. who notified
the officials in San Francisco. A confer
ence was held by the railroad's agents
and those of the express company. De
tectives were dispatched to Nevada on a
special train and at once placed guards
on every train in transit over the desert
territory. Every car has been provided
with men armed with Winchester rifles,
and detectives have been stationed at
points along the route to watch the move
ments of the mysterious travelers.
Alarms Southern Pacific
Officials.
Action, of Armed Eiders in Nevada
DETECTIVES ON GUARD
. ON OVEBLAND TRAINS
Marshal Neil First Under the Whre
in the Mile and a Sixteenth
Bace.
NEW YORK, May 12.— Morris Park results:
First race, second May selling, last seven
furlongs of Withers mile — Belvino won, Musl
doro second, Blanche Herman third. Time.
1:28%.
Second race, the Bambino stakes,' four and a
half furlongs — Ada May won. Old l«.dy second,
Tugai Bey third. Time, :54^.
Third race, the Hunts Point, the Eclipse
course — Swlftmas won, Sister Juliet second,
Francesco third. Time, 1:12%. „,„
Fourth race, last seven furlongs of Withers
mile selling — Roysterer won, Moeketo second,
Bough RJder third. Time. 1:29.
B'if th race, the "Withers mile — Smoke won,
St. Finnan second. Surmise third. Time, 1:41.
Sixth race, the Barlow handicap, one and a
sixteenth miles over the hill — Fly Wheel won,
Alsike second, Adelaide Prince third. Time,
1:40.
CHICAGO, May 12. --Worth results:
First race six furlongs — Joe Martin won,
Santa Teresa second, Cimas third. Time,
1:20 3-5.
Second face, one mile and seventy yards —
Prince of Africa won. Lady Meddlesome sec
ond. Precursor third. Time, 1:56 1-5.
Third race, five furlongs — Pennant won,
Brookston second, Mlrance third. Time,
1:06 3-6.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Maggie Davis
won, Ice King second, Kenjlworth third. Time,
1:18 4-5.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing:—Marshal Neil won. Lavator second. Farm
er Bennett third. Time, 1:55 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Cambrian won, Flying
Torpedo second, Lennep third. Time, 1 :47 2-5.
ST. LOUIS, May 12. — Fair Grounds results :
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Also Ran
II won, Socapa second, Doeskin third. Time,
1:27«4.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling
Maggie Clopton won. Royal Athlete second.
Lynch third. Time, 1:07%.
Third race, seven furlongs, . selling — Jake
Weber wan. Nearest second, Lillian M third.
Time, 1-.2VA-
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
purse — Crimean won, Sclrwalbe second, Maxl
mus third. Time. 1 4.1&. •' *
Fifth race, six furlongs — Wakita won, Eloim
second. Semicolon third. Time, 1:14%.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Havlland won, Eda Rlley second, Zazel
third. Time, 1:47%. . .
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 12. — Churchill
Downs results:
First race, selling, four and a half furlongs —
Farmer Jim won. First Love second. Style
third. Time, :56>^.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards —
Algic M won, Aladdin second, Talpa third.
Time. 1:45. . \
Third race, five and a. half furlongs, selling —
Billy Dean won, Jake 'Land second, Anglesea
third. Time, 1:O9V4. :
Fourth race,* seven furlongs — Walnamolnen
won. Autumn Leaves second, Marque third.
Time. 1:27%.
Fifth race, selling, five and a half furlongs —
Trocadero won, Blnehelio second, Cork third.
Time, 1:00%.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs, selling —
General Prig won, 'Lampoon second. Prism
third. Time, :56.
LADY MEDDLESOME WINS j
SECOND MONEY AT WORTH
Robert Fitzsimmons made his ultima
tum last night. He informed representa
tives of the press between acts at the
Alcazar Theater that he would give
James J. Jeffries two weeks to decide
whether he wanted to battle for heavy
weight supremacy. Lanky Bob. through
the press, invites the clubs of this city
and vicinity to put in bids for the con
test. These bids must be sealed and will
ho. opened at the Central Theater at 3
o'clock on the afternoon of May 26.
"I came 3000 miles to get a fight, and if
Jeffries will not come to terms I will re
turn, and if it is possible will declare my
self champion of the world. 1 want Jef
fries to talk for himself, and I'll do my
own talking. Clark Ball, my manager, is
here, but when it comes to arranging a
championship battle 1 will make the ar
rangements. Then why should Jeffries
leave it to third parties"/ Delaney may be
all right as a trainer, but I won't have
anything to do with him. I want Jeffries
to put up ?23u0 as a guarantee that he will
accept the highest offer. My money is up
and has been up for some time."
The foHowIng telegram was received
liLst night:
LOS ANGELES. May 12.-The champion
ha* changed his mind, and next Saturday
Jeffries will go north and have a talk with
>"iiz. He says he will hunt Fitz up at
ence and talk business with him.
Fitzsimmons will leave for Skaggs
Springs to-morrow morning to make ar
rangements for a place to train for his
coming battle. The Cornishman was out
on the road yesterday doing light work.
He was accompanied by- Nat Goodwin.
The Olympic Athletic Club arranged a
special boxing night for to-morrow In
honor of the members of the Bur
lingrame Country Club. The affair is
strictly invitational and none but mem
bers of both organizations will be ad
mitted. Boxing Instructor DeWitt Van
Court matched the men who will contest
jir.d he states there will be some very in
teresting bouts.
The event cf the night will be a heavy
weight battle between Sammy Berger and
Andy Gallagher. This will be their sec
ond meeting. At a previous exhibition,
Berger was awarded a decision. Galla
gher has trained faithfully to get into
condition and is expected to put up a bet
ter showing against his clever opponent.
The other bouts will be between: E. An
stett. O. C. vs. M. Frayne, O. C, 125
pounds; Joe Collins. O. C. vs. Fred Lan
kier, unattached. 133 pounds; J. I/undie vs.
Joe Angeli, unattached, 130 pounds; Jack
McCarthy. O. C. vs. Dan Barry, Hayes
Valley Athletic Club, 140 pounds, and
James Pallas. O. C, vs. Al Young, unat
tached, 145 pounds.
E. J. Smith will referee all contests, and
W. M. Cartwright and Milton Hayes will
ect as Judges. Fred R. Butz will be timer
end Frank Thompson announcer.
CITY COUNCIL EXONERATES
ACCUSED C0MMISSI0NEP.S
Denounces as Baseless the Charges
Preferred Against ,San Jose
Officials.
SAN JOSE. May 12.— Police Commis
sioner Andrew S. Mackenzie and his col
leagues were to-night found not guilty of
the three -remaining charges of extortion
and blackmail preferred by Kenry E. Mil
ler. On Friday night. Mackenzie was ac
quitted of the charge that he used his
official position to throw city contracts to
a foundry he was alleged to have owned.
The hearing on the third charge, that ths
Commissioners extorted theater passes
from the manager of the Victory Theater,
was set for this evening. The other two
charges were that firemen were assessed
for political purposes and that gamblers
paid protection money to John D. Mac
kenzie with the knowledge of the Com
missioners. As announced In the docu
ment filed Saturday, stating that Attor
neys Hardinge and Firebaugh would
withdraw and alleging partiality on the
part cf the Council, the lawyers did not
appear. Miller also was absent.
Attorney Cothran, representing the com
mission, demanded a hearing. He de
nounced the withdrawal of Miller and his
<cunsel as cowardly, and said he himself
had been attacked because he saw reason
to take the case of the Commissioners.
Commissioners Andrew S. Mackenzie,
Lion, Osterman, Carmichael and Dreisch
ireyer all took the stand and 'pronounced
the charpes absolutely false. The exam
ination of these witnesses occupied but a
few minutes, and they were merely asked
whether the charges were true "or not.
The Council then retired and brought in
a resolution declaring the Commissioners
not guilty. It is stated that no proof had
been offered to sustain any charge made.
Suddenly a puff of wind caught the ship
and whirled it over the Avenue du
Maine. The ship turned completely
around and veered about in a manner
that showed control- of her had been lost.
Then from the center of the .outer en
velope a tongue of flame darted out.
This was followed by a loud report, re
sembling a cannon-shot, and the ship
sank like a stone, falling on the roof of
a house, thence into some trees and
finally reaching the Avenue du Maine,
almost on top -of Its occupants, who had
previously been precipitated to the stone
pavement. The frightfully mangled
corpses of Severo and Sachet were con
veyed to a neighboring police-station.
Practically not a bone of either victim
was left unfractured. Sachet had been
shockingly burned by the explosion.
Santos-Dumont, who has been confined
to his bed for three days suffering from
nervous trouble, said to-day:
"I do not want to talk about Severo.
as I did not see the disaster. I have not
read the accounts in the papers and only
know what my friends have told me.
From what Lachambre, the builder of
Severo's and my balloons, says, I think
Severo lost his head. I understand he
threw out ballast as the airship was ris
ing rapidly. This, if true, is sufficient to
explain the accident. Rapid rising would
drive out the gas through the valve and
send it against the motors, thus causing
an explosion. One defect of Severo's air
ship was that the motors were too near
the balloon.
"No. the catastrophe does not discour
age me, but I fear there will be a set
back to aerial navigation. It will frighten
many persons and discourage those who
wen? Inclined to spend money in such un
dertakings."
PARIS, May 12.— The death of Senhor
Severo, the Brazilian aeronaut, who with
his assistant was killed this morning by
the explosion of his airship La Paix, in
which he was making a trial trip, created
terrible consternation.
1 Senhor Severo had invited many friends
to witness the ascension, and his wife and
a number of relatives were following the
course of the balloon in motor cars. Sud
denly the spectators were horrified by a
bright Hash of light, followed by a loud
explosion. The balloon, which at this
time was 1500 feet above the ground, fell
rapidly, landing on the roof of a house.
The aeronaut fell into the Avenue du
Maine and was dashed to pieces. The
bones of his legs were forced through the
soles of his boots. The engineer who ac
companied him was burned to death.
The accident is said to have been
caused by a leakage of gas.
Senhor Severo started with the intention
of sailing to the military parade grounds
at Issy, and a large number of his rela
tives and friends were proceeding In the
direction of that village, situated five
miles southwest of Paris, and thousands
of others were watching the flight. With
an engineer named Sachet, Severo sailed
out ot his balloon house near the Boule
vard de Vaugirade at 5:30 a. m. In excel
lent spirits and full of confidence, the
aeronaut put his airship through a series
of evolutions before, starting in the direc
tion of Issy. There seemed to be some
hitch with the steering gear, and the rear
propelling screw turned with difficulty.
Nevertheless, after several stoppages, the
airship sailed off. moving steadily enough
through a light breeze.
Deprivation of his sense* of smell
prompted P. J. Keller, known in politics
as the "Mayor of Piedmont," to sue the
Oakland Transit Company for damages,
alleging that that corporation's negligence
was responsible. Keller set a price of $23S
his olfactory nerve, but he did not get
even a part of that sum, for when the
case came up to-day before Judge Hail
the court decided that he was guilty of
contributory, negligence.- -
The accident that put Keller s sense of
smell out of business occurred one night
two years ago, while he was returning
from a political meeting in East. Oak
land. He was thrown off a Transit Com
pany car at Eleventh- and, Harrison
streets and landed on his head on the
pavement. His wounds dressed at
the' Receiving Hospital, Wit when he re
covered he found that he couldn't smell a
thing— not even the concentrated odors of
Chinatown on a wet night.
Keller tried to have the maltreated
nerve readjusted, and he consulted some
good doctors, but they couldn't make
things odoriferous to him again. So he
began the suit that ended so disastrously.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
' 1118 Broadway, May 12.
The burning of this depot removes the
last trace of this gigantic town scheme
that failed. Had it not been for this
scheme the narrow-gauge road would
have gone through Centerville, one of the
oldest and most thriving settlements in
the lower part of this county, but which
is now handicapped by being two miles off
the railroad.
The big depot building at Newark, on
the narrow-gauge line to San Jose, was
burned this morning at daybreak. There
are no fire-fighting facilities at Newark
and all that the inhabitants of the little
town could do was to prevent surrounding
buildings from being burned.
The fire was discovered by the watch
man, who gave the alarm. The people or
Newark turned out and some came down
from Centerville, among them Supervisor
Homer. Mr. Horner organized a flre
flghting brigade, but having no water, the
burning building was pulled down and
surrounding structures were thus saved.
With the burning of this • depot disap
pears the last mark of the effort that
was made by the late James G-? Fair and
A. E. Davis to make Newark the ter
minus of .their railroad system and a rival
to Oakland. When the narrow-gauge sys
tem was flrst built it was intended that
Newark should be the terminus of the
road. Newark is at the land end of Dum
barton Point, which projects into San
Francisco Bay, • and the narrow-gauge
road originally ran to the end of this
point. There ferry slips were built and
the ferryboat Newark was built to run
from Dumbarton to San Francisco in an
hour. Car shops were built and this big
terminal depot constructed of sufficient
size to accommodate all the* travel that
could arrive, even over an overland line-
Town lots were sold and Newark was to
become a great railroad and manufactur
ing center.
But it was found that the steamboat
Newark, though it was the fastest on the
bay, could not make the trip in the hour,
and so Senator Fair was compelled to
build his road into Oakland and Alanteda
and the big depot at Newark stood there,
almost deserted, covering the tracks that
were once supposed to terminate there,
but had to be laid on to the city that
Newark was to rival.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 12.
Aeronaut Loses Control of the
Machine When High
. in Air.
Fitzsimmons Makes Ultima
tum and Wants Bids
for Contest.
Rats Are Main Occupants of
Terminal Station Built
by Him. .
Contributory* Negligence De
feats His' Suit for
' Damages.
P.' J. Keller's Olfactory
Nerve Is Destroyed
by Accident.
Will Arrive Here Sunday
Morning' to Talk
Fight.
Last Trace of James G.
Pair's Gigantic Town
Plan.
Disaster to Severo's La
Paix Due to Gas
¦ Leakage. r
NEWARK DEPOT
BURNED DOWN
FALL KILLS HIS
SENSE OF SMELL
THOUSANDS SEE
AIRSHIP'S FALL
JEFF IS COMING
TO THIS CITY
THE SAN FBAKCIS^O CALL; TUESDAY, MiY 13, 1902.
Lovesick and Weary of Life Samuel S. Levy, a Youth
' Who Lived in San Francisco, Fires Bullet Into
His Brain in His Room in Crellin Hotel, Oakland
FRIENDSHIP OF MANY MAIDENS
FAILS TO STAY SUICIDE'S HAND
9
I bequeath to my children Scrofula with all its /JF^^jJ/^^E
attendant horrors, humiliation and suffering. This is a i^j^i^i^/^W
, strange legacy to leave to posterity ; a heavy burden to w^^^L/^* R
place upon the shoulders of the young. t\ 4^Vi^tl(lai
This treacherous disease dwarfs the body and hinders XI -sfofm **' ft
the' growth and. development of the faculties, and the {« -|t7!/.
child born of blood poison, or scrofula-tainted parentage,
is poorly equipped for life's duties. nA }S«$§Sli|ai! 1|
Scrofula is a disease with numerous and varied |W?Vft<?Mm^O)
symptoms ; enlarged glands or turners about the neck /fftfi^^rtraipy
and armpits, catarrh of the head, weak eyes and dreadful l?p-^Q?/Z£&%£,
skin eruptions upon different parts of the body show the ** >V»s>^-^tt'
presence . of tubercular or scrofulous matter in the blood. This dangeroti3
and stealthy disease entrenches itself securely in the system and attacks
the bones and tissues; destroys the red corpuscles of the blood, resulting in
white swelling, a pallid,' waxy appearance of the skin, loss of strength and
a gradual wasting away of the body.
S. S. S. combines both purifying and tonic properties, and is guaran-
_!-¦!_ ~"s* _r— teed entirely vegetable, making it the ideal remedy in
/^^ (<C^ (Ci scrofulous affections. It purifies the deteriorated
V^^ blood, makes it rich and strong and a complete and
N*31 permanent cure is soon effected. S. S. S. improves
.- . .^..'^ the. digestion and assimilation of food, restores the
lost properties to. the blood and quickens the circulation, bringing a healthy
color. to the skin and vigor to the weak and emaciated body. '»¦••¦/¦
; 'Write us about your case and our physicians will cheerfully advise and
help you in every possible way to regain your* health. Book on blood and
Skin diseases free. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO,, Atlanta, Ct,
CRftM'S - SUPERIOR ATLAS,
A car-load of Call Superior
AtlaseV lni» 'arrived and they
are- now ready for distribu-
tion. All subscriber* to. The
Call are entitled- to. a : copy 'of
this Brrcot book at the prem-
ium rate , of • $ 1 f BO. Out j ot
tovrn subscribers deairlnsr- a
copy of this splendid prem-
ium win be supplied | on re-
ceipt of ./fl'-- CO..-. AH mail
orders will be shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
the **^^^^L IS
and trial ' I
that they constitute the highest degree of excel- \ jj 'I
lence in shirt making, as to fit, fabric, durability \ I
and style. The high standard, of the ffitf* Mil I
Keller shirts is due to twenty-five years jW U 1 1| 1 \ I - :
in shirt-making. One-half dozen . .. v . ; .¦'• W.
We make the best $25.00 suit on earth in our •
Men's Tailoring Department. y\- [
1028-1030 Market St.. San Francisco. |
Also Oakland. /
Vqe«>^ — ¦ - ' " ¦•;.„ ¦ - - ..,.„ „; -, ¦*SEAMEN' AT OUTK.— G. Boer, engine* r on
the steamer Fllomlna, was up before Judge
OibanJe* yerterdaj- on a ehargre of flourishing
a revolver In i»»e face of K. <J<; Boer,- first offi
rer of the efcl.. The Judge dismissed the case
for lack of evidence. •
The Ladies' Aid Society of Stewart
Memorial Presbyterian Church will
hold a rummage sale at 417 Fourth
street from May 16 to 20 in
clusive, the object of the sale be
ing to raise funds for the purpos.? of
paying off the debt on the church The
following- committee has been appointed-
Mrs. S. J. Kel ley. 1517 Eleventh avenue;
Mrs. P. J. AJyheus.y 1223 Rhode Island
street, and Mrs. H. X. Bevier. 3603
Fourteenth avenue.
Bummage Sale to Pay Debt.
Claim Is Made That Such
Action Stays Pro
ceedings.
WEALTHY MERCHANT
. GOES TO LAST REST
Nathan Goldtree of San Luis Obispo
Dies in City After Long
Illness.
, Nathan Goldtree,'*y native of Germany
and a well known banker of San Luis
Obispo county, died on Sunday night at
vjjis residence, 930 Eddy street in this city,
at the age of 64 years.
Mn.Goldtree came to California in 1S58
and settled in San Luis. Obispo County,
where he engaged in merchandising and
banking and made a fortune. He estab
lished a branch of his business in • Salva
dor and the firm has offices in that city,
San. Luis Obispo and elsewhere. He was
very generous in his charities and was
one of the most popular men In Central
California and his loss will be deeply felt
by hosts of friends outside his family and
relatives. " . •'
The deceased leaves a wife, two. sons,
Morris and Sidney, a married daughter,
Mrs. L. Blockman of San Diego, and, one
unmarried. daughter, Miss Palmyra Gold
tree. The interment will be private and
the body will be laid in the Hills of Eter
nity Cemetery.' ¦ • • ¦. . . '.
SMELL OF DISINFECTANTS
. ; CAUSES LANDLADY .WOE
Barton Hospital Be Declared
Mrs. Jennie Tibbetts Asks That Clara
a Nuisance.
Jennie Tibbetts, who keeps a lodging
house at 504 Geary street, brought a suit
yesterday against the Clara Barton Hos
pital, which adjoins the lodglhg r house, for
$10,000 damages. She also asks . that tne
tiospital be declared a nuisance.
Mrs. Tibbetts alleges thaj the hospital
exists in violation of a city ordinance, and
is a cause of woe to her because of the odor
Of disinfectants and the cries and moans
of the patients. She alleges that the fre
quent calls made upon the place by un
dertakers, who drive up with dead wag
ons, have driven a number of her lodgers
away, thereby causing her great pe
cuniary loss.
Attorney A. Ruef filed a notice yester
day that an appeal would be taken from
the decision of Judge Sloss in the Justices'
clerk case. He is the legal representative
of Powel Fredrick, who was ordered by
Judge Sloss Saturday to turn over "the
books and papers of the office to George
McComb, who was appointed to the of
fice by the Justices of the Peace.
Ruef contends that an appeal stays all
proceedings, and will, within the next ten
days, file a bill of exceptions to Sloss'
ruling.
McComb's attorneys claim that it is not
an appealable order, arid they are sup
ported In their contention by Judge Sloss,
who, however, has consented to make a
search of the authorities to determine this
new phase of the fight for the office of
Justices' clerk.
In the event that the point raised by
Samuels is found to be correct the order
will be served once. again on Fredrick.
If he refuses to obey; the order then the
execution of the court's dictum will be
placed In the hands of the Sheriff.
Hirschxnan Bros, of New York.
Thursday morning at 8 o'clock the great
clothing sale begins. One thousand men's
all-wool suits and overcoats, worth from
$12 to $15, will be' sold for $5 85. Every
garment in this lot strictly all wool.
Plain, blue and black, brown oxford and
green effects. Serge, cassimere, ' tweeds
and fancy, cheviots. Broad, military
shoulders, with hair cloth front, lined
with serge or Italian cloth.- They will
compare with any $15 suit on earth, yet
$5 85 will buy one of these suits or over
coats on Thursday at the Lyceum Cloth
ing Co.'s, 915 Market street, opposite Ma
son. ~ . ¦ ¦-. . . • • •
Deputy Clerks Want Pay.
Attorney S. V. Costello appeared before
the Supervisors* Finance Committee yes
terday to urge the payment of the salary
demands of George Byers, J. H. Rox
burgh and Clarence Aubertln, until re
cently employed as Deputy Justices'
Clerks. Costello stated that he demands
had been held up by the Auditor pending
the decision in "Justices' Clerk's squabble
and the men were entitled to pay as they
had done the work. The committee took
the matter under advisement and will
render a. decision on May 23.
Dimmick Must "Wait.
George D. Collins, counsel for, Walter
N. Dimmlck, moved in the United States
District Court yesterday to have his trial
set. The motion was denied, for the rea
son that the court will be busily engaged
until the July term. Judge de Haven
stated that Dimmick could not be tried
before August. , ¦ ' '
Your First Duty to Yourself
13 to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plat« dinlns cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to ?1 each alwav«
pl»-ase the traveling public. JAY AV. AD VMS*
P. C. I*. A.. 37 Crocker building/San Fran
cisco, Cal. -'.'-.
It's Always Time
Tc get one of our clocks— the quaint gold
en qnes. that every one wants. Also gold
candlesticks, candelabra and jewel cases
make fine wedding presents and prizes for
card parties. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. i •
One hundred thousand letters are posted
in the wrong pillar boxes in London everv
day. . «» J
Leaves Estate to Widow.
The will of the late Dr. Henry Dam
kroeger, the well-knov/n physician, was
filed for probate yesterday, it is holo
sraphic and is as follows: "All I die pos
sessed of I give to my wife, Henrietta
Damkroeger." The value of the physi
cian's estate is unknown. He had of
fices at 781 O'Farrell street.
FREDRICK WILL
TAKE AN APPEAL
John Mooney, the only protestant, ob
jected .to allowing the corporation to
change the grades on the ground that it
would damage his property. Captain A.
H. Payson of the company offered to pay
Mooney 520.000 for his propertv, which
was refused. As an alternative, Payson
proposed a plan of arbitration, which Su
pervisors Eggers advised Mooney to ac
cept.
The ordinance authorizing the Atchison.
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
to change the grades on Minnesota,
Eighteenth, Nineteenth and Twentieth
streets in the Neuvo Potrero district,
which has been passed to print, was re
referred to the Street Committee for the
addition of certain provisions.
That the company shall, during and after
its grading operations, erect and maintain such
fences, gates and barriers as may in the judg
ment of the Board of Public Works be neces
sary for public protection as against dangers
incident to the work and slopes of the ex
cavations with particular reference to the east
erly line of Iowa street, between Twenty-second
and Mariiwsa streets.
\Vh#nJ>ver required, by the Board of Public
Works the company' shall construct and main
tain a substantial stairway on Twentieth street
extending easterly from the easterly line of
Iowa street and running to the lower grade
plane on Twentieth street, between Iowa and
Indiana streets.
That said company, its successors and as>-
Elprif, shall. « heu required by the Board of
Public Works, construct a temporary wooden
foot bridge on Twentieth street between Iowa
and Tennessee streets; that at any time after
the exoiration of five years from the date of
passage of said ordinances, whenever the city
authorities may require, the company shall re
move the foot bridge and replace the same
with a steel wagon and foot, bridge of a width
of thirty-three (33) feet, twenty-two (22) feet
of the bridge to be used as a. roadway for
vehicles and eleven (11) feet for the use of
pedestrians.
The Board of Supervisors passed to
,print a resolution yesterday providing for
\xn agreement on the part of the Atchi
son, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Ccm
pany, which proposes to improve the
Nuevo Potrero by leveling the streets.
The resolution requires the company to
file a written agreement and to execute a
bond In the sum of $20,000, subject to the
following conditions:
Experience has established the ease with
which the great corporations of the State have
at times escaped their Just share of taxes
through the connivance of. friendly boards, ot
equalization. Should this experience be re
peated and this great corporation be able to
avoid Its share of the public burden the weight
of taxation- on 1 the property owners of this
city would necessarily be increased. In any
new franchises are granted pending the de
cision of this matter the risk wlir be incurred
of placing the city street privileges beyond
municipal control, thereby augmenting the
taxes of the people.
The t-an Mateo Railroad has been purchased
by the . United Railroads of San Francisco and
is now part of a system, in fact, as 1 under
stand the question, . the whole system is now
one road. If, therefore, the Supreme Court
should hold that a railroad which operates
in more than one county Is solely within the
jurisdiction of the. State Board of Equalization
in matters of assessment then there will at
once pass from San Francisco the power to
tax this enormous property which has been
developed out of municipal privileges. . '
There is now pending and under submission
in the Supreme .Court .an .action brought to
determine whether the San Mateo electric road
Uhe greater portly of which runs over fran
chises granted hjr this city, but which runs
into San Mateo "County) is not under the law
an intercounty railroad and therefore assess
able exclusively by the State Board of Equal
ization. .
Assessor Dodge addressed a communi
cation to the Board of Supervisors yes
terday in which attention v is .called to a
phase of the. franchise subject that af
fects the revenues of the city from taxa
tion jlo a serious. degree. The communi
cation, which is timely. In view of the ap
plication for -new street railway fran
chises, says: ' ... -. *
A petition signed by business men and
property owners requesting that the Hall
of Justice be completed according to orig
inal plans and that the Portsmouth plaza
be supplied with ornamental lamps was
referred to the Finance Committee.
The Clfy Front Federation sent a com
munication indorsing the extra tax levy
of 7^ cents for the building of new
schoolhouses. The .Doctor's Daughters'
sent jts approval of the increased tax
levy for the erection of a new city hos
pital.
The ordinance authorizing the paving of
Mission street between Silver and Ocean
avenues was finally passed.
Similar action was taken on the bill fix
ing and establishing grades on Sixteenth
Seventeenth and Eighteentn avenues. L.
M. N and O streets. Pacific avenue and
Hodge s Alley; the ordinance ordering the
wiring of the City Hall dome and Install
ing electric lights thereon at a cost of
53500; an ordinance ordering the construc
tion of a central fire alarm station in the
courtyard of the City Hall at a cost of
57500.
The resolution awarding: the contract
for priftting the delinquent tax list to the
Evonins Post was flnaly passed.
The Brotherhood of Teamsters called
attention to the fact that the Market
Street Railway Company is violating its
franchise by carrying freight-rock and
sand— on its street cars, especially on the
Sar.some street line. It is contended that
under the general law street railroads are'
limited to the carrying of passengers only
and by carrying freight the line is
brought in unfair competition with team
sters and teaming: companies. w
The District Council of Painters peti
tioned the board to appropriate funds so
as to put a stop to police officers doing
painting and other work in the stations.
Twenty^flve guards of me branch coun
ty jails petitioned that their pay be in
creased from $50 per month to 52.50 per
day. The petition went to the Finance
Committee.
Doretta A. and Henry A. 'i essruer of 1121
Thirty-fifth avenue south filed a protest
against granting a franchise to the South
ern Pacific Company to cross Thirty-fifth
avenue on the ground that it would dam
age their water supply and on account of
the constant noise, smoke and soot eman
ating from the trains. Mrs. J. A. Beau
champ also protested against a franchise
to the same company to cross Fourteenth
avenue south between the hours of 11
p. m. and 4 a. m. when she contends
laboring people snould be allowed to
sleep.
The petition of Assessor Dodge that he
be allowed to retain thirty extra deputies
for one month was denied, me Mayor
stated that he was not prepared to recom
mend the further employment of the dep
uties and as the Mayor's recommendation
is necessary under the charter the resolu
tion on the subject was not considered.
DENIED EXTRA DEPUTIES.
The_ Board of Works recommended the
expediency Qf reducing the width of side
walks on Twenty-sixth street, between
Folsom and Bryant, from fifteen feet to
twelve feet and the changing of grade and
performance of street work on Turk
street between Central avenue and Brod
erick street.
The Board of Public Works sent a com
munication denying that it had informed
A. Aronson that the official width of the
sidewalks en New Anthony street was
thirteen feet. Aronson stated to the
Street Committee that on account of tne
erroneous information he would be dam
aged to the extent of $5000 provided he
were compelled to make his improve-,
inents in conformity vr*iA the official
width of the sidewalks, namely, ten feet,
The letter further states that Aronson
claimed to have a memorandum from the
board that the width was thirteen feet,
but he has failed to produce the memor
andum or to communicate with the board.
On this showing the ordinance fixing the
width of sidewalks on New Anthony
street at thirteen feet was again referred
to the Street Committee.
The Geary Street, Park and Ocean Rail
road Company was granted permission to
erect a storage tank of 7200 gallons capa
city for the purpose of storing therein oil
or petroleum to be used as fuel.
The Boards of Works. Health and Fire
Commissioners were instructed to investi
gate the horse yards in the vicinity of
Market and Eleventh streets, and to en
force the ordinance prohibiting the erec
tion of wooden buildings within the fir-a
limits and the sanitary laws governing
euch places of business.
The Board of Works was authorized to
enter into a contract to repave bituminous
streets at a cost of $20,000.
The Board of Works was directed to re
move sixty days from date the frame
building on the sidewaik and roadway of
Jrwin street in front of the property of
"Jiiomas Magee. en Sixth and lrwin
streets.
Braunhart submitted a resolution pro
viding for an amendment to the charter
increasing the salary of the Assessor
iron $4<>*> to f&uuO. The resolution went
to the Charter Amendment .Committee.
A resolution was adopted calling a spe
cial sesfion of the board next Monday at
J £0 p. m. lor the purpose -of considering
the advisability ot holding special elec
tions for municipal improvements pro
posed to be acquired through a bond is
sue. The resolution was passed in view
of the opinion of the City Attorney that
the safest course would be to hol.d an
election for each particular class of im
provement.
TO RAISE ASSESSOR'S SALARY.
\\ ilson declared that the subpena was
not competent, and the clerk's communi
cation was ordered to be withdrawn.
A communication from Charles Fay,
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, direct
ing attention to the subpena issued by the
Grand Jury on the members to^ attend Its
session to consider municipal affairs
caused a storm of indignation at yester
day's meeting of the board. The board
took the ground that the Grand Jury had
no right to subptna the members.
"One good turn deserves another," said
DAncona, "'and J move that the clerk of
the board be directed to issue a subpena
to the members of the Grand Jury to ap
pear before this Board of Supervisors on
Tuesday at 2:bO p. m."
"If sora^ people desire to put them
selves in a ridiculous position," said
Comte, "I s*-e no reason why we shouid
do so. I meve that the clerk of tho
board be instructed to ask District At
torney Byington under what law he sub
penas the members of this board to ap
pear before the Grand jury. He has no
i lpnt to command us to appear before the
body."
Brandenstein declared that it was an in
dignity on the board and the District At
torney should be rebuked.
Wynn held that the subpena was served
on him as an individual and that he for
one would attend the Grand Jury's ses
sion.
But One Protestant Objects
to Grade Changes in
Potrero.
Assessor' Dodge Calls Atten
tion ,to a Serious Con- .
tingency. ¦
Eoard to Hold Special Meet
ing to Decide on Bond
Elections.
< Supervisors Refuse to
Comply With Its
Mandate. f
Supervisors Impose Con
ditions on Santa Fe
Company.
United Railroads May
Be' Under State
Jurisdiction.
CITY'S REVENUE
IS ENDANGERED
RESENT ACTION
OF GRAND JURY
MUST CONSTRUCT
THREE BRIDGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1902.
CITY LEGISLATORS IN SESSION
10
WISDOM CONSISTS In doing the right
thing at the right time.
WE ARE ALL WISE-arterward-
when it is too late.
THE TIME to take care of your health
is when you have It.
NEVER ALLOW yourself to get Into a
rut or groove, either physically or men-
tally.
EBEAE the monotony that makes so
many men and women old, long before
' their time.
TAKE an occasional trip.
THE COUNTRY along the California
Northwestern Railway ls not the only
place to visit, but it certainly is the
best.
ITS LOCATION between the coast and
the interior affords that salubrious cli-
mate which invites living in the open
air, and fills up the system with re-
newed energy.
CALL or write for •
"VACATION, 1902."
A little book Issued by the California
Northwestern Railway Company.
(The Picturesque Route of California)
giving Camping Locations, Hotels, Min-
eral Spring Resorts, and a long list of
Country Homes where board for the
Summer can be secured at from $6.00 to
$8.00 per week.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. (Chronicle
Building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
Building, Sansome and California Sts.,
San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager. ?
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. A«t.
PASO HUSH
TC/\T> Nature's own ««lec-
|*l Srr - t!on for a health and
Ar.wiX: . pleasure resort be-
wwm aw ¦i l |u cause of the curative
fir J\| I rl properties of Its mud
• AijALiX AA and sulphur baths for
•_ rheumatism., insom-
A nla « torn, neuralgia.
. jfTLiNlJ - Hver.kldney and blood.
diseases. Has every
T\T 15 A C*T TTYC natural advantage for
PLEASURE ysras^fls:
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F., Ait.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appolntel hotel in Rag.
slan River Valley, . Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; • fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated: new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN, Proprietor, Duncans Mills, Cal. For
information and rates Inquire of Feck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery st., or write R. C. Cal-
houn. Proprietor. ¦..¦'.'
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature Us
d«g. Cures, rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
fcla. catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
Including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELOEARli
Proprietor. . ¦ ¦ / '-. -
g; •£ TOCALOMA M ™"
•Bertrand Hotel; first-class accomodatlons :
reasonable tates for families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
et'v Telephone. JOSEPH F.^ BERTRAND or
Bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m. '.
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE (formerly Mrs.
Leach), Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVET! HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove" -
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, nehlng, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CAKK, Manager, Russian River aUtloo,
via Duncans Mills. Ca!. - .
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
tlve cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains. Board, Including baths 18
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK ' St
Helena; Cal. . . ¦ • '
THE CEYSE3S.
(Sonoma County.) New management; rconu
plastered a r.d hard finished; new furniture-
i-ew, private bathhouse: hunting, fishing jear
round; white help only; best liverr: cooking
epecially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
TROUT FISHING,
Be«t in State at BOCA. CAL.
For Information address Boca Hotel, Boca,
Nev. Co., Cal., on TBUCKEE BIVEB.
Lake Tahoe Ry. and Transportation Co.
Lv. Truckee (Rail) T a.m. i Ar.Tahoe City S a.m
. ~ BVetikfast at Tahoe Tavern
Ly.TahoeCIty(Steamer)9a.m. ArTahoeCltySpm.
"v. Supper ?t Tahce Tavern
LvTahoeCitytR?n)C:30p.m. Ar.Truckee7;20p.m.
BROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE l. v
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steame'r, take ¦-...¦
THE BROCKWAY TALLT-Ho"
Over our short cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and* Thursdays.
THE TALLAO,
_LAKE TAHOE OPENS MAY 13th.
With many . additional : attractions amon*
them the SPLENDID I NEW AMUSPm-v*
PAVILION. RESIDENT PHYs1cl\!£ "** *
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO..
Note— Positively no T conrompUTes* C ufinI
RUBICON PARK
Delightful summer resort on of Lak* T»
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for b«thTn^
on the lake/ Fishing huntlnj Boats SswSf
Siv* 01 ??? at ""derate hire: «7 r
K CcfTA^f m^f^^ST^
SrHn#i%P-^^^S
EBaHBHaRnaHEDBBBanBEaGBHiaEsaHHraiBsjaHaHEBanaaaH
s ICURE MEN I
tjM - jrfjQhg^ %Jnt \. ¦ * A-aA %*M 111 \g? CJL J^ m Bi
§ W$*$ti&\ With Weak Nerves,. ¦
| iBV^W with Rh eumatism, S
1 M^y^W ) with Lost Vi tality, |
I reV^ 5^^^^ J vitl ? a11 thosc sigfris.whicli tell a man S
B §£&-**£ f^^wKlII c ls brcakin £ down, losing his jrrip. «
H J^\l\ VJ^^HI^' have the remedy. which «ives back that m
m ¥ "^AS'l/Nu^ Sg^ snap, fire and vim of youth. My cures D
I j -^^p\ f v\i]/y wf^y s t H m ? BeIt- Thcy provc what J sa >' H
M^/nOiW^I^^ had"? 01 "* v ' B . or .. and sound nea lth than I have g
w §E$i/m\ I * A man is likc a steam en s:i n e- It takes B
a Ktg&SgSaff steam to make him go. My Belt pumps B!
n TT^^*^ M^sbvw^ that steam into. him. - r':^ 18
H lhats how it makes so many old men feel young. • — • B
¦ mad Mr mo A fc?rTk e Or 3 d 5.^ OkeKama ' ° r - KayS: " l ™ ™ V^-S^, u^ belt has g
S Try it, you weak man. You will find youth and vigor' in it after m
B everything else fails. . . . 3
g Call and test it. free, or I will send you my illustrated book, free if 5
g you will inclose this ad. . g
| DR. M. C. McLavghlin, C^ A^^;.: j
K Office hours: S a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD BT DRUG STORES: ,iS
|.. ; . NAPA... NapCounly, j
gSQDA SPBINGSJ Cai / g
taaMMia^PgJI'JIt. — n ,^lBa»iiiaiM3^BlWM«
. OR HEALTH AND. PLEASURE GO TO
Urn Napa . Soda Springs. ; Situated 1000 feet,
above the Beautiful Napa Valley. Hot , and
Cold Soda Baths. Shetland Ponies, and Bur-
ros for Children. • Two trains' daily, 7:30 a. m.
and 4 p. m. "Address. - v^
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs.
: : _^ j . . — —^ .
santa'catalina island, I
3^ Hours frorn Los Angeles.
I Advantaees. attractions end amuse-
ments impossible ¦ elsewhere; ninths sea-
son; three months on Catalina -Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most t>h.enomenai
flshine and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Carrm Life: Com-
plete Camp Kqulpment; Hotels and .Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Dancinf. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK. Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau. 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal. ,
HOT SPRINGS.
For rest.- health and pleasure, scenery, climate
and waters. For Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver
and ¦ Stomach Troubles stands j unsurpassed.
Trained masseurs. Good hunting and fishing;
amusements of all kinds. • Trains leave Third
and Townsend streets 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
daily. For pamphlets and rates address
I . R. ROBERTSON, Proprietor,
Gllroy Hot Springs, Cal. .
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH, LIVER,
kidney, and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Recom-
mended by . leading - physicians. . Thousands
cured. Tickets Cal. Sz N. W. R. R.; stage from
Uklah.-- Call or address • .'..-
WITTER P.O., Lake C6., Cal.
; . Main ' office and water, depot, ..' 916 Market
street, ¦ room 64, cltjr.' ;• • . ; : : . . .
: . R. McCORMICK. Manager.
CAMP CURRY!
Gives special rates to nobody, but gives value
received to all, as Is shown by Its 1400 guests
the past three Feascns, more than one-lAlf of
which ..were, in 1301 ; '- 1000 -guests are expectej
In 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st. ; open May 1.
YOSENII'FE.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip . from San Fran-
cisco . $32. Round trip from '• Stockton $27.
Staging 2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving 'at Yosemlte Valley 5 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent, 630 Market St., opposite Palace
Hotel, S. F.: tel.. Black 3571. v .
..' . ¦ v - .GRANT'S., v •' ;'•
. Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic ¦ surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming and fishing, croquet . grounds, - hammocks,
etc. One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. First floor, one person in ¦ room, $0 per
week; ¦ two in .a room,. $10 per week. Second
floor, one person 'in room,' $S per week; two in
a. room, $14 per week. -Will also furnish tents
to . those desiring. Single' person in tent. $0
per week; two in a tent, $10 per>week. Buy
tickets to Grant Station. Address MRS. A. F.
GRANT, Healdsburg, Sonoma County. Cal. .
T\ATTTit«/4 /%««•• v*«« '•> tkekeirt of the Santa'-
Rowardennan--^x olS
for a daily salt water swim.'. Redwoods and sea breezes
—a wonderful, combination.' Souvenir' booklet free.
Feck's Information Bureau, II Montgomery Street, .
5. F., or B.. Dickipson, Leiscc, Ben Lomond,-Cal.
LYTTON SFRINGS,
Always open. Finest mineral-baths & plunge.
No staging. • Every cemfort and ' amusement.
Tiburon -ferry. 7:30 a., m., 3:30 p..m.- Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, 807 Sutter st. Phone
Sutter 2371, 11 .: Montgomery St.,'.; or A. V.
MORSE, Lytton, '¦¦¦ Sonoma County, : Cal.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES I
' Boatirig, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral;- sprlnrs. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known '.to all. Send
•for new pamphlet O. WEISMAN, Mldlake
P.O., "Uake County, or call- at- office, of C. N.
W. R. R. Co.. C50 Market st. ¦•;.¦ ¦
HOWELL MT,,WOODWORTH'S
Residence of 27 years: second year of sum-
mer resort. .Purest of spring- water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk. etc.. No fog. Terms $7.
per week./ Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LBR, St. Helena. Cal. ; -,
AGUA/ CALIENTE; -
Also known as California. '. Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. . No staging; via C. N/.Ry. or 8.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. .Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone;- many improvements: $12
and. $14. THEO. RICHARDS.. Proprietor.
Agua Callente, Cal. ,. ; ., -^
HOPFIN SfRIN GS.
These Mineral Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside immediately adjoining the well-
known Bartlett Spring. Lake Co.,. Cal. Hotel
Plearant View is again run by ¦ the owner,
JOHANNISBBRG.
I N THE NAPA REDWOODS ; NEW HOTEL;
¦ large dining-room; exhilarating air;, hunting,
fishing, "BWlmhiing and "boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR., prop., Oakville. Napa bounty, or. The.
Travelers' i Bureau, 20 1 Montgomery- st.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
i Better than ever this year. ''Booklet and full
information at- Peck's, 11, Montgomery st" or
R. .R. office, eeo Market, or ¦ John . Martens,
Bachelor.'P. P.. LakeCo., Cal. •
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home,'. Sonoma. Will \ meet guents.
i Pleasant location. Plenty shade: nice drives;
I 111 ''^" 1118 : * 5 P" week. HENRY PEL-
i LISSIER, -Sonoma, Sonoma. County,'. Cal. " -
; HOTEL MATEO AND COTTAGES,: .
: San 1 Mateo, Cal.. Is" now * under' new. manage-
. ment. -.Everything ! first . class. - Cuisine unsur-
passed.. Clubhouse. . bowling alleys, : billiards,
i pool, shuffleboard,- lawn tennis,'- salt water bath-
' l n j?'. xf i c * ' Rates on a PPUcatlon. - WRENN 6
SPAULDING. -Proprietors.- ~~ ----,
HIGEAi SPRIGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNEY, MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. .Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK.
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". $10 per week
Two perrons in room, "small hotel".$l& per week
One person in room, "cot»8gea"...$ll per week
Two peraons in room, "cottages". .$20 per week
One person In room. "MAIN HOTEL"....
.$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room. "MAIN HOTEL"... 1
$20 aud $22 per week
• Special inducement!) for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
¦analysis of waters call on TourlBts' Information
Bureau, Hi Montgomery, or The Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery St., cr write direct to
CRAIG & WARNER, Highland Springs, Lake
Co., Cal. . . . :
BARTLETT SPRINGS.
Here is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
RATFS Httel $ :o t0 $ 15 P:r week. Hon«-
IUUUl keeping CotUgeu $3 to $15 per week.
Send for Illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
. GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards, Shuffle-.Bqard. Ping Pong,
Livery, Burros: Swimming Tank, 20x80:
Hot Water, Vapor, Tub, Mineral arid
Roman Baths; competent . Massagists;
Guides, Dogs and Horaes for Hunting and
Fishing; Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O. Bartlett Springs.
Or, No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
o o
(% IS A /I /"» ft HOT SPRINGS, SONO-
WA COUNTY; only 4«
U/iniyUU hours from San Fran-
cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral wat«y: bath in State;
boating and swimming in Warm SpringsCreek;
goo>I trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGK SERVICE; bcth morning .and- after-
roon stages; round trip from San Francisco
enly ?6 50. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
cr 3 :30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest i
of the rast seven years. Patronage of 1001
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office. 121 Phelan bldg.; Tourist Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.; also at Traveler
office. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal.
ftyron Jiot Springs I
C *^ CONTRA COSTA CO.. CAL— New
hotel open May 1. All medern improve-
ments and most perfect appointments. Fine
suites with mineral bath attached. These
wonderful waters and hot mineral and mud*
baths cure Rheumatism and Malaria with-
out fail. Address MGR. LEWIS. Byron
Hot Springs, Cal. Call on Lombard & Co.,
36 Geary St., city. . ¦
Jitna Springs
Abounds in beautiful trails leading to quiet
-. . and enchanting spots. A well-appointed
livery In connection with springs.
The cuisine is unsurpassed. ...
Write for booklet.
ERWARD L. SANFORD, Manager.
W; The seaside resort of Central California— 1
f- enlarged and improved — rates per day Js and &
a upwards — open May Jist — fine orchestra. I
¦ Address for hotel, R. M. Briare. : For cottarcs, I
I F. Reanier, Capitoia, Cal. For;"general infor- I
I mation. Peck's Information Bureau, n Mont- I
l^gomery Street, San Francisco, Cal. ' I
ORCHARD SPRINGS &ISS&
to the Foo'-vlIU of ibs Slcrr» N.»»«U MnmLfn.. amrColfnx on
C. P. R. r... IM milrs from Fan Fntnr.lirn. No Matter' Plain
?¦£*!!?"*?'' *"•**•"¦«?. "»«"•• nw«al«io >ir.froita»4 climate
In California. Ida*! form, rmiui.1i »n<i mrrnnn<1ta*i z« • ...j
S«nd for booklet. ORCHARD SPRINGS, CoHil, C»I.
¦~"^~"~™ THE NEW BUILDIXGS AND
HOITT'S Beautltul Grounds at Holtt's
„_.-._ _ School will be open to summer
IMOINLU guests during June and July.
n . DV Superior climate, excellent
f/\Kt\. table; reasonable, prices. Ad-
-— _^__ dress IRA G. HOITT.
seigLer springs a^ss?*!
era . unexcelled for rheumatism; malaria, ' stom-
ach diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing; $S
to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave., or Selglei»
Springs, Lake Co.. H. McGOWAN, prop.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howell Mountain: altitude 2C00 feet; air
pure and dry: delightful family resort; daily
mail; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping* grounds; $S per' "week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwln. . Cal. -
KLAMATH HOT 3PRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health, resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. 52 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per
wesk. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery »t.,
or. address EDSON BROS., Beswlck. Siskiyou
County. 'Cal. ; ¦ ' • ' ¦ , - - ¦ < ¦ .. . . -
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
Near. the. ocean. Fishing in' only mountain
trout stream in' San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone." $2 per day. C. P. MOSCOJJI, Prop.,
Purissima, San' Mateo Co.. Cal. - • • : ¦
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming f eaort In the. Santa Cruz Mts ;
2 hours from | San Francisco; f dellehtful cli-
mate; swimming, and all sports;: table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on tho coast; open
all the year. A. S. OLNET, Manager.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
; Two • miles ' from Hopland; best " medicinal
watersMn the State: fine hotel and first-class
table; rates S10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.'
O. HOWELL. Hopland. Mendoclno Co., Cal.
FOREST HOTEL,
A1MA. ¦;,..:. ¦/•.¦.;
Santa^ Cruz Mountains. Good ; trout fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME. Ptod.
HOTEL LYNDON,
Lo« Gatos. First-class : hotel f; ¦ large - ground*.
Lawn tennis, croquet and popular amusements.
Opposite depot, j Malpas & . Cosgrove.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS OATOS.
' .Under, new management. Now open for
bnslr.egg. Rates., $8 to $15 per .week. \
CAMP TAYI OR : HOTEL - cam p «ottage S ;
WA JU I ¦ 1 A I LiVn , and < grounds/ private pic-
nics,-, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout- fish-
ing,' telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery _ street. H. G. MAltTIir, . Proprietor.
1 i n
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
A Positive Cure for Stomach. Liver and Kid-
ney TrDUbles. Net what I say, but wh^t th*
people say.
RECOMMENDED BT THE LEADING PHT-
SICIANS OF CALIFORNL*.
SEND FOR BOOK OF TESTIMONIALS.
Elevation, 3300 feet.
Rates, $10. $12 and $14 per week.
Tickets at S. P. office, foot of Market street,
direct to the Springs.
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
U LEBENBAUM & CO.. 222 Sutter street,
S. F. Agents for Adams Springs water./
MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prieta. highest point in Santa
Cru> Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt,
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday. Wed. an-1
Sat. Train leaves S. F. 0 a. m. daily. Sent! for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagas, Cal.. Prop.
HOTEL LA HONDA.
CITUATED IN THE REDWOODS. GOOD
fishing:. Season now open. Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. I. J. SEARS, La Honda,
San Mateo County. Cal.
VICHY SPBIJf GS— » miles from Ukian. ,
? Mendocinu Co. Natural electrio waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of. waters havlnz continuous flow o*
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Cry«-
tal Springs. Accommodations; tabls first cla-s-*.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
RICHARDSON'S SPRINGS — Ten
miles from Chlco, Cal. Noted for being .a
sure cure for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chico. Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable In Lake
Co.; contain sulphur, iron, magnesia an-i
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles: new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trlD tickets. S. P. office.
$8. J. A. HAYS. Prop. '
jREAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL— The original
L9 Switzerland of America: largest dlning>
room in county; new myrtle cottage; hunting.
boating, bathinjr. marine toboggan, new livery,
croquet, tennia. bowling; free* teams daily to
our mineral springs. 15 kinds. E. DURNAN.
Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
PLANTjWION HOUSE. 18 miles from Caza-
dero. — Grand redwood and mountain scenery:
good trout fishing; plenty of fruit, cream and
milk. Daily mall, stage from Cazadero. Through
fare. R. R. and stage. $3 30. For particulars
apply J. Luttrlnger. Sea View, Sonoma Co., Cal.
MONG THE PINES— ALTITUDE 2014 FT.
Most healthful climate. Plenty of cream,
fruit, etc. Home cooking. Camping grouM*.
Telephone. Rates $6 and $7 per weeK. Address
Robt. Fi Warham. Applegate. Placer Co.. Cal.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Crua Mta.
Among the grand old trees; board |3 an 1
$10 a week: fare, return ticket. $2 00. M. S.
COX. Laurel. Santa Cms County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
T.. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort Is located in the Santa
Crus Mountains, 6 miles from Capltola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEEB, Soquel. CaL
CEAN VILLA. HOTEL AND- COTTAGES.
Santa Cruz. Good fishing, boating. bath-
Ing, dancing: electric lights: extensive grounds;
free bus. Rates $7 to $10. CLARK & ELSOM.
HE LIERLY RANCH — Elevation 213O fe-t7
Scenery beautiful. Wild game abundant.
Good fishing. Best deer hunting In the State.
$7 to $S per week. Jerry Lierly. Potter Valley.
TBE OAKS, a favorite summer resort on
Boncifonte drive. S miles from Santa Cruz;
daily mail, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS. Santa Crua.
ANTTADAI/E FARM. SANTA CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEQELKEN. Los Gatos Postotflce. CaL
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose, Cat.
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mad-
sage. X-ray. Write for literature.
BELLEVUE HOTELi — El Verano, Sonoma
County, Cal. . Terms. $1.00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouallhardou. Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 rms.;
Santa Cruz. Ca!. Near Beach. Rates ta
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Long dlst. nhone. Fred Barson. Prop.
KING'S RANCH — Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet: among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms. $10 a week: family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
RAND CENTRAL hcytvi^ Guernevllla,
Cal. — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and Improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Guernevtlle, Cal.
BERGHEIM — Two miles from Los Gatos.
Ideal place, home cooking, $3 per week.
P. DISQUE, Los Gatoa. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tho
' United States or Canada one year for $1.
t>O!»ta«r»» paid.
STAGE LINES AUD LIVERIES.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRING3
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett
Springs, via Lakeport. carrylne passengers
for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs. Stages
connect with trains at Hopland. Leave Hop-
land at 12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; ar-
rive at Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-hora»
14-passenger tourist wagons, made to order for
this stage line,' with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Spring*
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD, Proprietors.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO — Throuxh th»
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward's tVut"i.
Betlvale, Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R
R. tickets to Redwood City. 9 a. m. trali 3*
and Townsend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Tn«.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. RedwooTclTy. QU.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescadero
stage line, via' Halfmoon Bay and San
Gregorlo, dally all year: twice a day to HalN
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10a,m.&4:15 p. m.
Fm HI T° N i MLES - UKIAH AND Wl£T
t y^J^^i* ** m V*™' hunters, write J.
jn-y S »oV k a >a ?urlou^ * W11Ilta - to '
HUMBERT STAGES-Short ronte to th«
Geysers: 3 hours* staging First-class 11vp£»
stable In connection. C. e! Humb"t, qovVrtaTe!
G Ja^ 0^^*^ 1 , 00 y very: sood service; reas.
y» rates. Ofc. GUroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
L4vf« G^i TOS 3 Lyn<lon s -a»>«!, opposite depoi
*-» First-class rigs. Reasonable prices.
S^J"^ CR U?— San I^renzo Stable*. Styl-
v-y lsh rigs. Tteas^nabl* prtcea.
weeSlcall
§1 per .Year*
..-¦¦ ¦-.-¦ ' ' ¦¦' •'¦¦ ' '- : ¦¦•¦-•.¦ _ ¦- - •LIVERPOOL. ¦ - . • . ' ,
Wheat — , May.- ' July! ! '.' Sept
Opening ............ 6 IVi - 6 1% 0 a^
Closing ..0 1% 6 1% 0 3%
¦¦ :<, PARIS. ¦;'. '"'¦•.¦.:¦¦
Wheat— : Sept. Sept. -Dec.'
Opening 2185 20 35
Closing 22.00 - 20 40
Flour — ' -. '- .
Opening' 20 70 26 30
Closing ...". .".. 20 70 . 20 35
•. Eastern Livestock Market. ..
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. May 12.— CATTLE-j-Receipta, 18.'
000; active 'and "steady.'' Good to prime steers
$0 80#7 40; poor to medium, ?5@0 75: stock
ers ; and feeders, $2 75@5 35; -cows, $1- 50©6;
heifers. $2 C0@0 40; canners, -$1T50@2 50-" 1 bulls'
$2 C0(p5 50; calves, $2@0 ; Texas fed steers!
$5 25@6 <J5.
HOOS — Receipts to-day '•38,000; to-morrow,'
23.CK.O; left over, 4500. Opened .5@10c 'lower,
closing active. • Mixed and butchers. $0 850
7 22%; good to choice --heavy,-. $7'25<57 32%;
roufih heavy, ' $6 90@7 20 ', llgnt,- $6 ¦ 75@7 ; • bulk
of eales.. $0 95@7 20. : V; '. .
SHEEP — Receipts, 15,000; etrong. Lambs,'
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 74%c; No. 2 red
8.-.SS41/SC; No. 2 oats, 44%; No. 2 white, 45%©
46c; No. 3 white, 45TJ, C ; .No. 2 fye. 69%SG0c
fair to choice malting barley. ti9@72c; No 1
flaxseed, $1 0-i; No. 1 Northwestern, $1' 78;
prime timothy seed, $0 70@6 75; mess pork per
bbl, $17 30@17 35; lard, per 100 lbs, $10 22®
10 25; short ribs sides (loose), $9 00@9 70" drv
salted shoulders (boxed), S(§S%c; short 1 clear
sides (boxed), ?10 10®10 20; whisky, 1 basis of
high wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 24,000
Wheat, bunhels 31,000 240,000
Corn, bushels 109,000 275,000
Oats, bushels , 204,000 " 161,000
Rye, bushels .'...' ...... '.
Barley, bushels 1.0C0 ¦ 24,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 18@22c; dai
ries. 18(?2«; cheese, easy, 12@13c; eggs, steady
fresh 14«4c
CURED ME ATS— Bacon, I3o per K> fa
heavy, 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light!
15%c for extra . light and lC@17c for sugar
cured;'Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14%c- Cali
fornia Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $9@9 50 per
bbl; extra Mess, $1O@1O 80; Family, sna
11 60; prime Mess Pork, $15 60@16; extra clear
$23; Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 G0@
12 CO; Pig Pork,- $2u; Pigs'- Feet, ?4 75; Smoked
Beef 13%©14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%@S%c per lb for
compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels
pure 12%c; 10-lb tins. 13 %c; 5-lb tins. lWc
3-lb tins, 13%c. - -.. .-•-¦-- " '
COT'l'OLENK — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, lOV;c; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
'¦ HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about ' l%o under j quotations. Heavy salted
Steers,- 10%@Hc; medium, 9%@10c; light. 8@
9c- Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8% @9c for
light- tStags. 6%@7c; Salted Iflp, 8%@s) C ;
Silted- Veal, 9@9%c; Salted Calf, 10c, Dry
Hides, ;i5@l«%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry Kip, *i@
13c- Dry Calf, 16@18c; Culls and Brands, 15«
16c- Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool v 40@H0c each; medium, C5@75c; li>ne
,Wool* 80c@$l 20 each; Horse Hides, salt, ?2 75
©3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for \ medium, $*>
for umall and f>Oc for Colts; Horse Hides, dry
$1 75 for large. $1 50 for medium, ?l@i 25 for
small and 60c .--. for . Colts. ; Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32%c;' dry salted Mexican, 25c: dry
Central. American.. 32%c. ;Goat Skm» — Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium.
TALLOW— No. 1- rendered, BVl@6o per lb:
No. 2, ; 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c. •
WOOL— Spring— Northern, free, 14@16c; do
defective 13@14c: Middle County free, 13@15c;
do defective. 12@13c; Southern. 12, months. 90
10c- do, 7 months. 9@llc; . Foothill, ll@13c-
Nevada, 12(gl5c per lb. , o _,^ . " ¦
HOPS— 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice. ...
San Francisco Meat Market.'
There Is nothing new to report.' ' . .
. .' f>) DRESSED MEATS.
'..'; Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦ • ! .
- •: BEEF — 7@7%o for Steers and 6%@7o per lb
for Cows. ':.->-¦-. I-'--.'-''. .• ' ¦¦-, .
'VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
-: '. MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@8%c; v Ewes, 7%Q
80'perlb. • : ; " 'V ' ¦' ;¦¦ - - ¦• -, ¦ - ¦•¦ - •
¦ ¦ LAMB— Spring Lambs, 9@10%o . per lb.
t -PORK— Dressed Hoes, ;.7%@9%c per lb. • -.
¦ In • this market those dealers who hesitated
about advancing prices last week followed the
others up yesterday, ' and the advance is now
flat. The market is firm enough at the advance
but dull. . .
¦ ¦ v
. Chlcag-o was higher but nervous, and It was
difficult to trade ..'without exciting fluctuations,
ono way or the other. Pork attracted the most
attention. • . • it ¦
Provisions.
Articles— Open. High. Low., Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 74% 75% 75% 75%
July 75% ,76J* .75% 75%
September 74% 74% 74% 74%
Corn No. 2 — • - . - - .¦ .
May Cl% «2% ' Cl% 01%
July 03 .03 •¦ (11% 112%
September . 00%; ¦ 01% 00% 01
Oats No. 2 —
May 43% 43% 43% 43%
July (old) 3. r .% 35% 35 35%
July (new) 37 37% ; 37 37%
September (old) 29%. '!0 29% 29%
Sept. (new).... 31% 31% 31% 31%
Mess Pork, oer barrel — ". - • >
May "..... 17 30-
July 17 30 17 «0 .17 30 17 42%
September 17 30 17 47% 17 25 17 82>4
Lard, per 100 lbs — .
May ..10 22% 10 25 10 22V, 10 25 •
July 10 22% 10-27% 10 22% 10 25
September .10 22% 10 30 10 22% 10 25
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— . " .
May 9 70 . 9 70 9 65 9 C5 ""
July 9 CO 9 G7% 0 00 9 02%
Sc-ptember 9 C2% 9 70 9 C2% 9 C2%
Governor Heard Urges Passage of
Laws to Successfully Oppose.
the Trusts.
BATON KOUGE, La., May 12.— The bi
ennial session of the Louisiana Legisla
ture began at noon to-day. Among the
matters to come before the body are a re
organization of the judiciary, the reap
pcrtlonment of the State for one addi
tional Congressman and legislation affect
ing the insurance situation in Louisiana
and trusts. Governor Heard presented his
biennial message this afternoon. He rec-
ommends .the appropriation of $100,000 for
a - Louisiana exhibit at the St. Louis Ex
position, and purposes the erection there
of a building reproducing the famous old.
Cabildo, facing Jackson square, where the
cession of the vast Louisiana Territory,
to the Government of the United States
v;aa officially consummated in 1303.
On the subject of trusts the Governor
urges that the laws affecting them be re-'
modeled in accordance with the decisions
of the Federal Supreme Court, in order
that the State may be able to success
fully oppose the combinations, which, he
says, have practically assumed power to
impose special taxes upon the great body
of the people.
FRESNO. May 12. — The' newly organized
Fourth Regiment, Uniform Rank, Knights of
Pythias, has been launched, with F. D. Fisher
of this city . as colonel. Lieutenant Harwka of
Newman as lieutenant colonel, and R. C. Moss
of Kern major of the first battalion. ..-
IMPORTANT BILIiS BETOBE -' .
IiOTJISIANA LEGISLATURE
FRUITS — Apricots, 0@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples. 8@9c; sun dried, 5@5%c;. Peaches,
U%@S%c; Pears, 0@9c; Plums, pitted, 6©0c
unpltted. 1%©2%c; Nectarines, 5%<§6c for red
and 6 Mi U Be for white; figs, 3%®4%c for black
and 5%<tf0c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as -follows •
80-408, 6%@C%c; 40-50s, 5®5%c; 50-UOs 4%
©4%c; 60-708, 4@4%c- f 70-SOs. 3%(g3%c; 80-
UOs. 3@a%c; 90-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lb. •
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-ci-own e%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels,, 0V4o for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless; 3-crown, «c; 2-crown 5->ic-
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 70
gy,C . for bleached.- Clusters — Imperials $•¥¦
Dehesa, -S2 50; Fancy. $1 CO; London Layers'
$1 25@1 35.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, liu c - k 0
2 C%@V%c: No - 1 ' hardshell, 9c; No. 2 7c"
Almonds, 10%@12c for, papershell, 9@10o for
softshell and 0@7c for hardshell; Peanuts Sta
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@l2V>c- Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuta
$3 50@5- . '
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llo
for light amber; water white extracted b&
6%c; light amber extracted, 4@4% C ; dark 4a
- BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. ' * C "
¦ Additional reports from Sonoma and Santa
Clara counties indicate that the damage to the
Prune crop "will cut It down seriously, though
it will .probably be larger than last --year's
yield, which was very light. It seems that
although the trees blossomed heavily the fruit
failed to set well, owing, it is thought, to
heavy rains during the blooming- period, which
checked pollenizatlon. The Prune growers are
deriving a good deal of consolation, however,
from the conviction that it is more profitable
In dollars and . cents to have a moderate crop
of fine large fruit than. a record-breaking crop
of small; fruit, which was the outlook a month
ago. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts' and Raisins.
¦ .The Bean market has apparently quieted
"down all, around and prices show no" further
chnnK' 1i « ' ' ¦ ¦ : ¦••''.
¦ ,-BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 15; small White, $2 50
@2 00 ;\ larce White. $2 60@2 60; Pea. $3 25®
3 50; Pink, - $2 15@2 30; -Red, $2 00r Blackeye,
,$4 75@5; Llmas, $3 60@3 70; Red Kidneys, $3 50
fe SE^D e s^-Trieste Mustard. $2 50@2 65;' Yel
low Mustard. $3 26@3 50; Flax, - $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Kastern;vAlfalfa from Utah,
lU8i&liy*c; California, 10@10%c;.- Rape, l%a
"^c-Hemp 3%c per lb. :
"DRIED PEAS— Nilcs,.$l 60@2; <Ireen, $1 80
©2; Blackeye. nominal.. . , -y .'.-"i
Potatoes, 'Onions- and Vegetables.
Oregon Burbanks were, weaker with buyers
pursuing a * hand-to-mouth -..policy.' , In addi
tion to the 'receipts frbm;Oregon by Saturday's
steamer there | were about ¦ 4000 sacks | received
from Washington' by the Puget . Sound steam
ers. ¦• As' the offerings - from-.Washlngton were
choice and placed , on the -market In. competi-<
tlon with the Oregon the market -had an easier
tone and prices were lower: \ Other descriptions
of ' old were unchanged. 1 1 New Potatoes .were | In
free suppljf and prices showed no change. Some
appea red 'from , the; river and sold at the . top
quotation.'; •.: --,••" J\ '": . ' ,-.
: : There ¦ were, some Oregon Onions offering; but.
asrthey were not strictly fancy very, few -were.
Beans and Seeds.
Some slight changes" in FeedstufTs will be
seen. ;Hay, remains unchanged, with ample
receipts, and the feeling Is . weak. . . •
• BKAN— *17(&1S 6U »er ton. v ' . • :
MIDDLINGS— $21@22 per ton. • :
: FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled . Barley. $20 50@21 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at 'the. mill, jod
bing, $i£6 60®27l Oocoanut Cake, ftiOGiCl; Corn
Meal $30 5O.@31-5Or Cracked Corn, $31@32-
Mixed Feed,. *x«»17j Cottonseed Meal, *¦£ ou.'
HAY— Wheat,. $9frll 60: .Wheat- and- Oat.
$8 6U&11; Oat..'?8©lO SOi'AlfaUa,- SSitU; Clo
vtr. $7@U;. -Volunteer,; $6 50(&8 60; Stock, $utfti
pe STRAWr-*<i@CBc' per bale;
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50©
3 75, usual. terms; Bakers'. Extras, $a iOitfj i,v;
Oregon, $2 75S3 25 per barrel for family and
*\i<lj, 60 lor Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $33,
I£ &0 ' *' ' •' ' ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the > trade:- Graham
Flour. W per 100 ll>a; Ky* VMo^HJ Rye »L™
t2 75 Kic<r Flour. !f7; Corn Meal, ?3 25; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groata $5 25; Hominy, **£
4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4 50^4 75 Urac^ "*
Wheat,- $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, «3 25;. Rolled Oats (barrels), » 7 3 54pU; in
sacks *6 8508 50; Pearl Barley, Ifs 60; .Spin
l^eas, $5 60; Green Peaa. $B &u per 10o lbs.
Flow and Millstuffs.
Grays, $1 32%@1 40; whites, >i 32%@1 45-
Kurpi-ise, $1 4001 45; black. $1 20@l 32%- red'
$1.30®l 42%. per ctl. ¦.-.--. •¦ • • -• ' '
*.-;C0RN — The old quotations still rule with
veryMlttle business. ¦ • un
Large Yellow, $137%@147%; small round
do, *1 4C@1 60; White, $1 50@l CO. a
HYE — 90©95c per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales '
I Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 1000 ctla
97c. December— 2000, 80% c. ' '
S Afternoon Session — No Bales.
OATS — The market continues dull and with
out feature at unchanged quotations.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed, »7V4©U8%c.for No.-l and 95@96%c for
oft grades;' brewing and- shipping grades. Si-
Chevalier. $1@1 20. ...
.Second Session — December— r6000 ctls. $1 11^4 •
&$$&&%3&$i 8S&& May - 200 ° :
Regular Morning Session — May — 1000 ' ctls
$1 13. December— ,SCOO, $1 11%.
v Afternoon Session — May — 10O0- ctls $1 13
December— SCOO ctls, $1.11%; 4000, $1 11%. "
'BARLEY — The -. market shows no change
whatever, being dull. •.-- .. :
Informal Session— 9:15 "o'clock— December—
12.000 ctls, ?1 12%; 22,000, $1 12.
CALL BOARD SALES,
: In this market futures opened" higher and
active, but fell back again.. The shipping'mar
ket remained unchanged.
Spot' Wheat — Shipping-, $112%; milling
$1 1«%@1 15 per cental.
Chicago advanced from 75 %c to 76c. but was
dull, pending the receipt of the Government
report. . The clearances from Atlantic and gulf
ports were large, being 1;250,000 bushels. Kan
sas parties wired that the State would not
laise over 30,000,000 to 35,000,000 bushels un
der any circumstances.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher.
Paris futures' stood about the same.' 1 The
World's shipments for the .week were as fol
lows. In quarters: Russian, 209,000; Danublan,
08,000; Argentine, 74.0C0; Indian, 27,000. .The
American visible supply decreased 3,026 000
bushels. ... s ¦ •. ¦ . 1
Wheat- and Other. Grains.
Considerable profit-taking, after prices. had
been manipulated to the highest level for the
year, took off much of the gain' made in pro
visions to-day. The close was firm, July pork
12%o up, lard a shade' ¦ down, and "rlbs'un
char.ged. • ¦ • • • .'.:-.'
The leading futures ranged -as -follows: • '
Oats were inclined to dullness,'. although they
made fair advances on the strength in -corn
and wheat. July closed firm, ;%@%c up. *at
37%fii37%c. . .' ' , I .
CHICAGO, May 12. — At "the outset wheat
trade >as a dull though slightly • firmer af
fair, pending the Government report of the
crop condition and acreage- May 1. Cablss
were; firm and world's shipments on-passage
decreased. Some small buying was done-for
an hour and then conditions became such that
Lu>ing ?et in In sood fashion and the bulls
l>ufhed prices up actively: .Stocks of wheat
were reported much decreased and exports were
very heavy. For the third consecutive day
there was an absence of selling pressure and
prices -advanced fairly. Contiary to the usutl
action waiting the Government report, trade
I brightened and grew active. A report current
j in the pit that the forthcoming report would in
dii-atc a condition of 71.3. as against 78.7 on
j April 1. gained considerable credence. . Added
I to these factors were discouraging reports' of
chinch bugs, insufficient rains and extensive
plowing up of wheat fields in the Seuthwest.
July was pushed up to 76%c after . opening a
1 rhade to M,c up at 75%@7.'S( l c. Liquidation
caned it off a little, -but the close was strong,
%c ui- at 75%@73%c. ,
Corn traders paid little attention to statis
tics, which, if anything, were rather bearish,
and bulled the pit all session. July closed firm
%c up at (!2%c.
Chicago Grain Market. 1
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup...lll%112 Ha qr cp(new)137%138%
4s qr reg 111%112 '1 lis qr coup. ..108% 109%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 92% — Oc SS Co 5s. 97U100
Bay CPC 5s. 108%10S%- Omnibus 6s. — 131
C C G&E 53.105 — Pac G Im 4s. 97^4 —
Cal-st 5s 11!) — pkiCH 6s.l07 110
C Costa Ss... 110% — Pk & O R Cs. — 125
Ed L & P 6s — — Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Fer&C H Cs. — 123 Sac EGR 59.102% —
Geary-st 5s: . — — PF & SJV5s.l21 —
H C&S 5%s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 6s.ll6 —
Do 5s — 90 S P of A Cs
L Ang R 5s.llS%119% (1909) 113% —
LA LCo 68.103 105 (1910) 114% —
Do fftd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 103% (1905)Sr A.106%106%
L A & P 5s. 103 — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Do lem 5s. 103 — (1906) .... — —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 (1912) ...> — 122
Do lem 5s. 120% — ¦¦ S P of C 1st
N R of C 6s. 112 — c gntd 5s.. — - •
Do 5s 120% — Do stmpd.,109%,
N Pac C 5s. — 110% SP Br Cal 6s — 139%
NCR 5s....ll4',i — S V Wat 6s. — m
Oak Gas 5s.. 113 113% Do 4s 2dm.lO2 103
Oak Trn Gs..l24 — Do 4s Sdm.101%102%
Do 1st cSs.113%115 Stkn G&E6S.102 104
Oak W G 5s. 103% 104%
- WATER- STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76% 78 iPort Costa.. 63% 60
Marin Co 59 — JSprinf? Val.. 91% sis'
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light .. 45 ,
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 35 39
Mutual 4% S F»G & E. 44 44%
O G L & H. 62VS — S F G L Co. 5%, —
Pac G Imp.. 39% 40% Stktn G&E 8 —
• INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.200 270
BANKS.
Amer B & T.110 ' — First Natlonl —
Anglo-Cal .. 90% 91,. L P & A 168% —
Bank of Cal.425 — Mer Ex (liq) 24 —
Cal Safe Dp.120 — S F Nationl.140 —
. SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. — 00
Humboldt .. — <— Security Sav.340 S90
Mutual Sav. 80 — Union Trst.1830
S F Sav U.525. —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 ISO VMarket 99%100'i
Geary — 60 '.Presidio V. . . — 40
POWDER.
Giant .77 77%Vigorit' 3^4 —
SUGAR.. • . ,
Hana ...... 3% — Kllauea .... — 9%
Hawaiian ... — 40 Makawell .. 23.,. 24%
Honokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea .... 24 25
Hutchlnson .12% 13% Paauhau ... 12% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alask Pack.lC0%162 Pac A' F A. 2% — ¦
Pal Fruit As. — 102% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As.100% — . Par Paint . . 26 —
Oceanic S Co 30 32 .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BONDS
MONDAY. May 12— 2 p. m.
¦• Exchange and Bullion.
. Sterling Exchange, 60 day's.."... — . $4 80
Sterling Cables, sight. '.... — .4 B8%"
Sterling Cables .... ". — 4 gj»%
New York Exchange, sight...- — ' ;15 -
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
SHver, per ounce 51%
'¦aiexicau .Dollars, nominal.". :...¦ — ¦ 45%
Temperature at 7 a. m., 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORSCAST.
The pressure lias fallen slowly over the
northwestern portion of the country. A de
1'respiin of some depth overlies Nevada and
J-cr.them Idaho. This will probably move east
'.vard very slowly.
Rain has fallen in small quantities over
"Washington ar.d Oregon and in moderate
arrounts owe* California north of San Fran
c-sco. Conditions are favorable for the ex
tension of -.he rain area, southward.
The FearonaJ rainfalls to <late exceed thos?
of l£st year north of San Francisco, but south
of this "j>oir.t there is a marked deficiency.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May 13. 1902: • -
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
v-ather with fhowers Tuesday; fresh south
erly winAE. — _
Southern California — Cloudy .unsettled
•TMtber Tuesday; possibly shov^trs by night;
light southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy unsettled weather Tuesday
•with showers In" northwestern portion; cooler
north- brisk to high southwest wind.
F.an FranciFco and vicinity — Cloudy unsettfe?
wrather Tuesday with showers; brisk south
crlv wir.<ls. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Offlclal.
Northern Wheat Market.
• . OREGON.' ' .
PORTLAND, May 12.— WHEAT— Nominal;
Walla Walla, C7c; blue stem, 67c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 12.— WHEAT— Steady; blue
stem, 0C%c; club, t»5%c.
The Sunset Center Oil and Development Com
pany of Kern County has levied an assessment
of 2c per share, delinquent June 11.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co.: Common stock, $24 75@25; preferred, $60
(g-b"O 50; 4 per cent bonds, $'J1 50@92; subscrip
tions. $101 75<&102 25.
The Home Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of 7%c per share, amounting to $7500,
payable on the . 20th. ¦ • ' ¦ •
The market on the morning session of the
Bond lExchange was easy and dull, with lower
quotations for Giant Powder at $77 25@77 37%
and for California Wine at $100 750100 87%.
The oil stocks were also dull and featureless.
Mining stocks declined sharply undef large
sales of the northern! and Gold Hill groups.
There was nothing of importance new in the
afternoon.
Alaska Packers' was ex- dividend of $1, or
$48,000, yesterday.
Monday is generally a dull day In the fruit
market and yesterday was no exception to the
rule. Receipts of Cherries and Berries were
moderate, but prices were lower. Black Cher
ries in bulk brought 7%c per lb.
Tho open market for Oranges continued dull
ana prices were unchanged.* At the auction. 5
cars were sold as follows: Fancy Navels, $2 40
@3 25* choice, $1 liOigtf 20; standard, 90c@$2 10;
Seedlings, 60c(g$l 20. according • to sizo and
quality. Other fruits were unchanged.
Twelve, drawers of Gooseberries were re
ceived from' San Leandro and were offering at
$1 per drawer, but found few buyers, as they
came in too late for the morning trade.
The first Apricots of the season came in from,
Yuma,, Arizona, five crates being received. The
fruit wa3 rather small but in good condition,
and sold promptly at $3@.'i 50 per crate.
STRAWBERRIES— $«@S per chest for Long
worths and $3 5.0@4 50 for Malindas; Crates,
trom Watsonvllle. 90c@$l 10. " with some large
crates hisher; from Florin, 75c@?l.
- APPLKS — $1@2 50 per box, according to
quality; from Australia, $15002 50 per box.
¦ CHERRIES — White, 50c per drawer; Black,
50c@$l 25 per box and drawer. : '
•CITRUS VRUITS— Navel Orange3, $1<S?1 7"i
for " standard, '$I@2 25 for choice and ?2 25
@.J 25- for fancyS'^eedlinKS, $1 25©2; Med
iterranean Sweets, $1@2 50; Valencias,
$2 50@3: Malta, .Blood Oranges, . $1 50
"<lJ2 5*>; Tangerines, io quarter boxes, ..7Eh.hi*!
and $1 25@1 CO In half boxes; Lemons, 73c®$l
for common and $1 2Q@1 75 for good to .choice
and $2(52 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, 75c@$2;
Mexican Limes, $404 50; Bananas, $2 25@3 per
bunch for New Orleans and §1 75@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3^4 per dozen. . . :
Deciduous, and Citrus Fruits.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 12.— Clearings, $603,
077; balance, ?74,fl8t. . .
SPOKANE, ..Wash., May. 12. — Clearings,
5279.KW; balances, $35,270.: ' •
• TACOMA. .Wash.. May 12.— Clearings, $256,-
C10; balances. $23,010.
SEATTLE Wash.. May 12.— Clearings, $590,
55-1; balances, $111,586. ,-
Northern Business.
Flour, qr sks. .. 5,708 Middlings, sks.. 1,890
Wheat, ctls .... 2,9401 Feed, sks 277
Barley, ctls ;.. 10,2821 Leather, rolls .. 90
Beans, sks ..... 1,390] Pelts, No 291
Rye. ctls 750 Lime, bbla 363
Potatoes, ska .. 2,109 Wine, bbls .... 8,300
Onions, sks ... 643 Tallow, ctls ... 230
Bran, sks 2,163j Sugar, ctls 2,455
Straw, tons .... ' 16; Quicksilver, flks 4
Hay, tons 639 Hides, No 444
Wool, bales .... ' 175'
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 8,948 Flaxseed, sks .. 360
Potatoes, sks. .. 4,027 Corn Meal, ska. 463
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, MAY 12
MONDAY. May 12 — i p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Hale & Nor.. 20 23
Bid. Ask.: Julia — o-i
Alpha ..:.... 02 03 Justice 04 -05
Mta ......... 03 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash .. — 04
Belcher ...... 07 08 Mexican B0 52
Best & Belch. 20 21 Occidental ... 13 20
Bullion 02 C3;Ophir 140 14.%
Caledonia ... 7S 79 Savage 13 14
Challenge Con IS 20 Scorpion — 04
Chollar 15 17 geg Belcher.. 02 04
Confidence ... 64 65 3ierra Nevada 27 2S'
Con Cal & V.I 40 1 45! Silver H1U ... 42 45
Con Imperial. — 02 Bt. Louis .... — CS
Con New Yrk — 02 Syndicate .... — 07
>own Point . 07 CS Union Con ... 27 2S
Eureka Con.. 18 — Utah 02 Ol
Exchequer... 01 02 Yellow Jacket 22 23
Gould & Cury 1-t 15 .'-.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
The followins were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchanse yesterday:
Mornine Session.
300 Best & Belch 20 400 Con Cal & Va 1 45
200 Best & Belch 21 200 Challenge ... 21
500 Bullion 03 300 Crown Point. OS
1100 Caledonia ... 95 200 Mexican ....". 55
250 Caledonia ... 94 200 Occidental . . 20
600 Caledonia ... 90 350 Ophir .1 62'i
100 Caledonia ... 87 400 Ophlr ... 1 60
100 Caledonia ... SO 150 Ophir .... 155
100 Caledonia ... 83 3C0 Overman .... 30
200 Caledonia ... 82 50O Potosi ... 31
200 Caledonia. ... 7'J 200 Potosl 2»
300 Caledonia ... 78 400 .Union Con ... 23
800 Con Cal & Va,l 50 200 Yellow Jacket 21
300 Con C & V.I 47%
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belch 21 1 200 OpKlr ..... 1 45
200 Best & Belch 20 20O Potosl 27
200 Con C & V.I 42% 500 Seg Belcher. . (W
300 Gould & Cury 14 600 Sierra Nevada 27
1100 Mexican 50 500 Sierra Nevada 2tl
300 Mexican 51 200 Silver Hill ... -»5
400 Ophir 150 ICO Silver Hill ... 4+
500 Ophir 1 47%! 200 Union Con ... 27
_ The "following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: ...
Morning Session. . < •
°.°° Belcher 08 100 Mexican '58
100 Best & Belch 21 500 Mexican B5
COO Caledonia ... 85 650 Ophlr .......155
500 Caledonia ... 82 1000 Overman 2i>
100 Caledonia ... 81 600 Potosl . . 2S
700 Celadonla ... 80 100 Potosl ....... 27
100 Challenge ... 20 30O Savage 15
200 Chollar ...... 1C 50 Silver Hill ... ' 47
600 Con Cal & Va.1 50 200 Union Con ... 2!»
100 Crown Point. 08 100 Yellow Jacket 21
Afternoon Session.
800 Alpha 03i SCO Ophlr 1 45
. 500 Best & Belch 20 50 Ophir 1 40>
500 Caledonia ... 80 100 Overman 2G
300 Confidence ... 65 900 Potosl .... 27
500 Gould & Cury 14 200 Sierra Nevada 2S
200 Hale & Nor.. 21 300 Silver Hill 41
400 Mexican 51 10» Union Con 27
500 Mexican 50 100 Yellow Jacket 22
200 Ophir 1 50
MINING STOCKS.
THE COAST RECORD.
LONDON, May 12.— Consols, 95 1-16; silver,
23 11-ltid- French rentes, lOlf 17%c. Wheat
cargoes on passage rather firmer; cargoes No.
1 Standard- California, 30s 3d; English country
markets, firm; import 'into- United/ Kingdom,
wheat, 510,000; import into' United Kingdom;
flour, 197,000; wheat and. flour on passage, to
United Kinkdom, 4,260,000; wheat and flour on
passage to Continent, 1,650,000.
LIVERPOOL;' May 12.— Wheat, firm; Np. 1
Standard California, t!s 4%d®«s 5d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour. In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet and steady.; weather
in Emrland, showery. •" • ¦' ' , !'¦¦ -¦ •
COTTON— Uplands, 5 3-32d. .
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, May 12.— The evaporated apple
market continues firm in tone, with contlnu?d
interest shown by exporters for better quali
ties; outside figures are generally asked. State
common to good. 7(ff9e; prime.- 9%@'jy>c; choice'
!i : h@10%c; fancy. 10%@llc; prunes are steady
on new fruit and in demand for export ac
count. Old fruit favors buyers and offering?
are liberal. Apricots are in fair Jobbing re
quest and hold steady. Peaches are steady
with a moderate demand noted. ' ' '
PRUNES— :;%@G%c. ' '¦ ¦ \ ¦ ¦
AIRICOTS— Boxed, 10%@14c; bags, 10%
f?12c. ...
PEACHES — Peeled, 14@lCc: unpeeled, 8%
011c. ' .'..'..
DRIED FRUITS
SUGAR — Raw. steady. Fair refining, 2 7-1 «c
centrifugal. 90 test, 3%c; molasses sugar' 2%c"
Refined was steady.. No. 0. 4.10c; No 7 4 00c '•
No. 8, 3.90c; No. 9. 3.85c; No. 10, 3.80c; No 11
3.75c; No. 12. 3.70c; No. 13. 3.70c; No. 14^
3.70c; Ftandard A. 4.45c; confectioners' A 4 45c
mold A. 5.00c; cut loaf, 5.15c; crushed,' 5!l5c;
powdered, 4.73c; granulated, 4. C5c; cubes, 4.90c
• ¦ . ¦ ¦ .¦•¦<.•-. .¦
NEW YORK, May 12.— FLOUR— Receipts'/
12,500 barrels; exports, 13,720. barrels. Firm
and B@10c higher .with wheat; Winter patents,
$3 90(gM; winter straights, .'. $3 80@3 90; . Min
nesota patents, $4@4 20; winter extras, $3 .15®
3 40; Minnesota bakers', $3 03@3 10; winter
low grades. $ 2 95@3 20. .' .
WHEAT— Receipts; 33,325 bushels; exports,
34,000 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2. red 90c
afloat; No. 1 Northern, 84%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard' Manitoba, 88%c f.; o. b.- afloat.
Options were strong to-day as a result of a
bullish weekly statistical report. " favorable
spring wheat news, higher cables and outside
markets being strong. Offerings were slight
and shorts bought freely, anticipating a bull
ish Government report. Near the close th»
prices eased off slightly through realizing and
closed %@%c net higher.. May, SlUtffiwl'Kc
closed 81?»c; July. 80 15-10@SO%c closed SlV>c-
September. 79 5-16c. closed 79 %c; December,
SO 13-1 og SI %c, closed Sl%c.
HOPS— Firm. . ¦
HIDES— Firm '
WOOL — Quiet
COFFEE— Spot ' Rio. quiet; No. ) 7 Invoice,
5 i-lOc; mild, quiet; Cordova. S%@S%c Fu
tures closed steady, net 5 points higher. Total
sales. 27,000 bags, including: July, 5 15c-
September, 5.33@5.40c; October 5.4005.45c; De
cember. 5.55@5.(i0c; January, 5.65cf February
5.75c; March. 5.S0c. , . , '
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW 'YORK, May 12.— The cotton market
opened steady, with prices unchanged .-* to 3
points lower and closed with . a net rise of
l^oint. ¦' . . '. '. ' •'
New York Grain and Produce.
. BUTTER — Creamery, 20c per pound for fan
cy.- 18%@19c for firsts and 17@18c for sec
onds; dairy, . 16@lS%c; store Butter. 14@16c
per. pound. ¦ . .
' CHEESE— New, 8%@9%c; old, 9@llc; Young
America. &@10c; Eastern," 13@15c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch, 18@18%c for fancy and 16©
17 %c for fair to good; store, 15@16c per dozen.
Receipts were 69,100 pound", 2 kegs and 297
tubs of Butter. 1497 cases of Eggs, cases
of' -Eastern Eggs, 19.56Q pounds. of California
Cheese and — pounds of Oregon Cheese.
" Eggs are weak and some sellers are shading
the quotations %c to sell. The market la han
dicapped by the large quantity of poor Eggs
now being received.' Supplies of 'fine ranch are
not over large. .
Cheese is slightly lower. It has been in large
supply and weak' for a long time. A few L09
Angeles orders are being met, and that- city
v/ould buy more if It could get the goods a lit
tle cheaper. '' The Exchange reduced it3 quota
tions on new to 8@8%c, leaving all other grades
as before.
\ The situation In Butter remains precisely the
same as last week, the market being liberally
stocked, and quiet. Los Angeles is taking a
little, and would take considerable more at a
slight reduction in quotations. Prices remain
unchanged. * ' \ ;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. May 12. — The position of the
local eraser market was undoubtedly the
- source of the depression which ruled in the
track market to-day. This was reinforced by
uie anthracite labor Eituation, as phown by the
suspension of work to-day in the anthracite
region and by fears of a very unfavorable re
port on tii«- condition of crops on May 1 to 8
made by the Agricultural Department this
afternoon. The statement of the bank* suf
ficiently indicated that some recuperative pro
ws would be used this week. The heavy de
cline of over $C,000.000 in the cash reserves of
the bar.ks had little lifrht thrown upon it to
day, and was a good deal of a puzzle even to
bankers. It was argued that the trust com
panies might be taking Fteps to buiM up their
cash reserve, in accordance with the intimation
from the Cleariryr-hous-e authorities and of cur
rent public discuFf-ion and criticism of the pres
ent financial eituation. The only additional
light on the subject was the report that a
heavy shipment of cash was made to Philadel
phia last week in furtherance of the transfer
of the Choctaw, Oklahoma and Gulf, and which
did not figure in the routine transactions of
the backs. The pressure for funds outside the
stock market was most clearly manifest in the
sterling exchange market, where there was a
violent decline of %c per pound. There were
large offerings cf bankers' bills against further
loans negotiated abroad and London was a free
buyer of stocks during the first nour, thus help-
Ing out the supply of exchange. The statement
of the country's foreign trade for April show
ing- a decline In agricultural products exported
of over $15,000,000 goes to explain the prevail
ing scarcity of exchange' and the persistent
firmness of foreign exchange up to to-day'8
¦harp break.
The total pales of etocks for the day,
¦which -were not much in excess of half a mil
lion shares, showed that the liquidation was
not lartre or indiscriminate. The stocks which
•uffered most seriously also indicate that the
high grade of the property was not an ex
ception. It is recognized that high grade stocks
bave been lifted to prices unwarranted by con
ditions and apparently that the bankers made
a systematic revision and discrimination in
collateral to-day. The consequence was the
melting away of some recently unexplained ad
vance in some of the most substantial etockf
on the list. The coalers had the additional
burden of the etrike to carry. Union Pacific
and Southern Railway were conspicuous for
comparative firmness during the whole day.
Tne market closed etcady at some recovery.
Among the day'* notable declines may be
mentioned General Electric 21. with a recov
r«ry of 18; Westinshouse Electric 11; North
¦American C; Lackawanna 13; Chicag-o. St. Paul
illnnearx)lis and Omaha 10%; N. Y., N. H. C.
H. 8; Chicago and Northwestern C%; Delaware
and Hudson 4%; Chicago. Indianapolis and
Louisville 5%; New Jersey Central 4; Long
Island 4%. The lift of declines running 1 to 3
was a long- one. Money went to 10 per cent.
and receded to 1 only after the principal de
mand was BatiFfied.
Bonds were weak in eympathy with stocks.
Total sales $3,340,000.
United States new and old 4s and the Ss de
clined % on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.'
SaJe*- llisb. Low. Close.
**^*» 15.M0 79% 77% 77%
Atchison pfd 5,800 97% 90% 06%
Bait & Ohio 5.700 107 10C 100%
Bait & Ohio pfd „ . . 93
Canadian Pacific .. 9,400 127% 125 " 125T4
Canada Southern .. 300 92% 92'i 82*2
Cheeap & Ohio ... l.WIO 47 4« 40U
Chi & Alton 1.000 30 35U 35a?
Chi & Alton pfd 400 75% 75% 75
Chi Ind & Louis... 6,400 75% 72& 741'
Chi Ind & L pfd . iZ"
Chi & E IIlinol« . . . 900 165 ici" i«1
< hi & G Western... 18.900 30% 28«i 20
cw & g w a pfd '* rr,,
Chi & G W B pfd. 1,100 49% is" Siu
Ch! & Northwestn. S.800 250 244 24«
Chi R I & Pacific. 1,100 174% 172 lT^U,
Ohi Term & Trans. 1,300 21% 21 ' 21U
Chi Term & T pfd. 1,100 3$' ae% 37
C C C & St Louis.. 100 103% lOSy. 103
Colo Southern .... 1,890 30% 29% 29V
Colo South lft pfd 11
<olo South 2d pfd. 300 42% 42 42
X*><-I & Hudson 13,100 180% 175%. 175%
•1V1 Lack & West.. 300 275 270 2C5
V J*nv*r&R!oG.... 500 41% 41% 41U
Benver & R <5 pfd. 1,000 '90% g»T4 &0
Krie 15.JO0 3C% 38 36%
Erie 1st pfd 3,300- «7% 07 67U
Erie 2d pfd 300 £3 52% 52
Great North pfd 182
Hocking Valley ... 1,000 R2% 81 81
Hocking Val pfd... 100 90^4 90& 90ij
New York Stock Market.
ri20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 12—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
r<raturcs are rt-portrd from stations in Caii
1-rria to-day: Eureka, 58-52: San Francisco.
61453; San Luis Obispo. 70--J2; Red Bluff.
«4-52; Independence. 76-C2: Fresno. S0-50; Sac
ramento. 66-48; San Diego, 64-60; Los Ange
lea. 74-52.
JVeather Report
-
Illinois Central ... 4,000 152\4 150 150%
Iowa Central 800 45% 45 44
Iowa Central pfd... 200 8-1 82>,i S2^
K C Southern 2,5'JO 29% 2S% 29'
K C Southern pfd. 1,900 §»% r.9 59%
Lake Erie &. West. 200 65 C5 • 64
L Erie & West pfd 120
Louis & Nash 14.400 141% 139 140
Manhattan L 10,100 132 130% 131%
Metropolitan St Ry 6,300 14S74 14<5 14Cy,
Mexican Central... l.tiOO ' 28 27% 27'^
Mexican National.. 600 1S% IS 18%
Minn & St Louis 110
Missouri Pacific ... 1,500 99% 9S% 99%
M K & Texas 400 25% 25 Vi 25 V4
M K & Texas pfd.. 1,000 50% 55% 55 U
N J Central . . 300 1S8H 187 185
N Y Central 7,300 157% 155 155 V\
Norfolk & Western. 3,900 57% 56 50%
Norf & West pfd. 80%
Ontario & Western. 2,700 32% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 24,300 150% 148Vi 148%
Reading 77.600 «5 62% 63%
Reading 1st pfd 1.000 83% S3 83 Vi
Reading 2d pfd 11.000' <39Vi «7% 68ft
St Louis & S F 1.400 67>4 66% (Mihi
St L & S F let pfd. <>00 84% 83% 83%
St L & S F 2d pW. 1,200 72% 72ft 72%
I St Louis S W 400 27 27 20%
St Louis S W pfd.. 400 59 58% 5S%
St Paul 40.000 109% 167V4 167%
St Paul pfd 400 190ft 1S9% 1SDU
Southern Pacific .. JO.SOO C5% 04% 64%
Southern Ry 18,100 37% 3(5% :16%
Southern Ry pfd... 1.D00 !>5% 1)4% »4Vi
Texas & Pacific... 1.000 41 40% 40%
Tol St L & West... 800 21% 21 21%
Tol St L & W pfd. 800 3S% 37% 3S%
Union Pacific C^.SOO 104% 102% ITOfc
Union Pacific »fd.. 2.100 87% 88$ 8.
Wabash 2.100 2«% 25% 2«%
Wabash pfd 2,300- 44% 43 V* «%
I Wheel A Lnke Erie 700 22*, 21% 22
, i W t L E M pfd •>•;
, j Wisconsin Central. 3,500 27 V t 2«! 2o
1 Wis Central pfd... 300 4U% 4S% 4i%
1 Express Companies —
, Adams !¦}.>
American 22°
T'n'ted States , 100 116 116 115
Wells Far«ro ' . •¦ 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop. 41,300 69 60.% CC%
Am Car & Foundry 7(K) S0% S!)^ 20%
J Am Car & F pfd.. 300 00 8ft% .S»Vi
• Am Linseed Oil... 400 25 23% 24
1 Am Linseed Oil pfd 52
. Am Locomotive.... 2.S0O 32 31 31 K
Am I^>comot nfd.. 1.C00 94 93 92%
• Am Smelt & Ref.. 1,500 4C% 45% 45=!<,
¦ Am Smelt & R pfd 95%
¦ Anaconda Mln Co. 400 112 111% 111%
- Brook Rap Transit. O.2OO 05% C4% 64%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 23.40O 101 V. !>S% 100%
. Consolidated Gas... 7,000 222% 2J9% 220%
1 Cont Tobacco pfd 119%
General Electric... 2,200 321% 300 315
• Hocking Coal 500. IS 17% 17%
Internatnl Paper... 100 .20% 20% 20%
Internl Paper pfd.. ../..'- ¦....' 73%
Internatnl Power.. 500 05% 94% 9.1
. Laclede Gn« , 88
National Biscuit... . tOO 49% 49 ' * 49
National Lead 1,000 20%, 19>/. 1»%
North American... 3,1<:iO 122 118 120
j Pacific Coast 100 70 -'70 OS
PacificMp.il 200 39% 3R : .. 37V>
People's Gas 2,300 103% 102% 102%
I Pressed Steel Car. 100 44% 41% . 43V,
; Pressed S Car pfd. V.CO sn% 9:iy t ' K1 '"
Pullman Pal Car... .".00 237% 237 2:'J>
Republic Fteel 1.200 17% 17"i 17%
Republic Stee! ofd. 1.700 73% 72% 72%
Sugar li;,4O0 127-*-i 324% 12fi-%
Tenn Coal ft Iron.. 14.1OO OTJ% i\H\ '(K{%
Union Baj & P Co. 200 10 15% 15VI
Union B&P' Co pfd 82
U S Leather 2,000 13'i 12% 12%
IT S Leather pfd... 700 S?,V* 83% 83%
XT S Rubber 100 l»i% 10% 16%
I' S Rubber pfd... 200 50% r.S K)
IT B Steel 10,800 41% 40% 40%
U S Steel Dfd 4,800 91% R0% 90%
Western Union 500 91% &1% 9114
Total sales CT.0.000 sharks.
CLOSING BONDS.
. U S ref 2s reg...lO9%;L & N uni 4s.... 103
Do coup 1 09 VilMex Central 4s... 83
1 U S 3s reg 108% Do 1st lnc 32
! Do coup 10S % Minn & St L 4s. 104%
U S new 4s reg...i:>7% j M K & T 4s 101
. Do coup 137 % Do 2nds 83%
U S old 4s reg...Ul N Y Cent lsts 104%
Do coup ...111 Do gen 3%s 109
U S 5s reg 105% N J Cent gen 5s..l3S%
Do coup 105% I Nor Pac 4s 105
; Atch gen 4s 103% Do 3s 7.5
Do adj 4s 04 ;Nor & W con 4s. .101%
• Bait & Ohio 4s... 102%! Read gen 4s. 99%
' Do 3%s 9<i% 8 L & I M con 5s. 116%
Do conv 4s 108% S L & S F 4s.... 99
• Can So 2nds 10S%.St L S W lsts... «7%
1 Cent of Ga 5s 109 Do 2nds 81%
• Cent of Ga 1st inc 85 jS A & A P 4s »0y1
¦ Ches & Ohio 4%sl08%'So Pacific 4s 95%
1 Chi & Alton 3%s84% ; So Railway 5s...l2 r '«i
i C B & Q new 4=.. 05%;Tex & Pac Ists...l2li4
• C M & St P g 4s. 116% T S L& W4s.... S3 •
• C & N W con 7S..135 Union Pac 4s 105%
1 C R I & P 4s 111% Do conv 4s 100K,
t C C C & S L g 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts 120'J
'¦ Chi Term 4s 88 Do 2nds 110%
! Colo & So 4s 95% Do deb B 1111A
1 D & R O 4s..... 104% West Shore 4S....114U
1 Erie prior-lien 4s. 100%|w & L E 4s.. up.u.
Do gen 4s 87%jWls Central 4s... t«%
! F W & D C lsts. 114 iCont Tob 4s....;. 05%
• Hocking Val4% 8 . 110% I '"
) MINING STOCKS.
[ Adams Con 20 1 Little Chief u
. Alice 48 Ontario 8 00
Breece 00 Ophir 1 90 '
I Brunswick Con . 10 Phoenix OG
Comstock Tun... 05% I'otosi 28
Con Cal & Va...l 50 Savage '. 04
\ Deadwood Terra, 75 Sierra Nevada * 11
1 Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes ... 40
. Iron Silver 73 Standard .... 3 30
, Leadvil'.e Con . . 05 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — >U S Steel 40*5
Call loans 5%<§0 Westingh Commn 103
Time loans 4©5 Mining —
Bonds — 'Adventure ... 2246
Atchlson 4s 102%lAUouez '.'.'.'. ?,y
Gas lsts 95 [Amalgamated '.'.'.'. fi'tiit
M«x Cent 4s 81%IKingham ...... 3 G »i
N E Q & Coke... 05 Calumet & Hecla 555
Railroads — Centennial is
Atchlson 77-"i!Dom Coal 134%
do prefd 90%|Franklin 11
Boston & Albany. 2«0 Isle Royale ... 141;
Boston & Maine... 1»6 Mchawk sgij
Boston Elevated. .164 Old Dominion Vi
N Y N H & H....230 Osceola . .."."' 62
Fitchburg- pfd ...14« Parrot 20
Union Pacific ....103% Quincy 125
Mex Central 27% Fanta Fe Copper.' 2%
MiBcellaneous — Tamarack .168
Am Sugar 127 Trimountain 95
do prefd 118% Trinity 12%
Am Tel & Tel 177% United States 20%
Dom Iron & Steel. 54 Utah.. 2lC
Gen Electric 315 ! 1 Victoria 4%
Mass Electric 42% Winona ...... 2%
do prefd 96% Wolverine 54
N E G & Coke... 4 United Copper 35%
-do prefd 90% . VV ¦ V *
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money Mo Kan & Tex... 2G%
..95 1-16 N Y Central...... 1C2
do for acct...94 1-16 Norf & West 59%
Anaconda 5% do prefd \ 92%
Atchlson 81 Ontario & West.. 34
do prefd 100% Pennsylvania .... 78%
Bait & Ohio 110 Reading 33%
Canadian Pacific. 130% do 1st prefd 43%
Ches & Ohio 48- do 2d prefd.... 35%
Chi Gt Western.. 30% Southern Ry :... 5$v,
Chi M & Et Paul. 173% do prefd ....... 0772
Den & K Grande. 43'/- Southern Pac .... 67$£
do prefd ....... 03_ Union Pacific ...107%
Erie 37^i do prefd ....... 30
do 1st prefd.... 69%| U S Steel..;...;.. 42%
do 2d prefd..... 56% do prefd ....... 73!j?
Illinois Central, . ; 156 Wabash 27
LouIb & Nash.... 142% do prefd ...;... 40
do prefd 62 Spanish 4s '78%
Bar silver, uncertain, 23 l-16d per ounce.
Money, 2Vi@2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
ehort bills Is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market - for
three months' bills Is 2% per cent.
New York Money. Market. •
NEW YORK, May 12.— Money on call was
firm at 6@10 per cent; closing bid and asked,
B@0 per . cent; prime , mercantile • paper, ¦ 4% S3
per cent. Sterling exchange' was', weak, ¦ -with
actual business in bankers' bills at ?4 8G%^p
WASHINGTON, May 12.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $1M),OOO.OOO gold reserve Jn the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $185,850,102; gold, $9S;032,C2S.
Condition of the Treasury.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; English Snipe $3;
Jack Snipe, $1 50. : '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, %X<H'l 25; Ducks, $4fri3
fov old and $5@7 for young; Hens. $4@5: young
RoOEters. $0 50@8:old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fry
ers,"> $5@6; Broilers, $3 50@4 50 for largo
and $1 50@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75&2
per. dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
There were no changes In Game.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of California Poultry were very
light and prices for all descriptions were 1 un
charged. . Two cars of Eastern Hens came In
and the stock sold slowly at.$li<36 50 per dozen.
NEW YORK, May 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was inactive and ir
regular. Consols relaxed 3-16 to 95 1-10 on
a discouraging article In the Times regarding
the status of peace negotiations, but it is sig
nificant that the Stock Exchange in view of
the negotiations, will not close as usual on.
the Saturday « before Whitsunday.. In :•, the
American department the New York - bank
statement and the coal strike were disregarded
and there was a moderate rise with Umc-n
Pacific leading. New York at first sold and
then bought, with the result that prices, closed
at the ton, although on the. street prices were
duller. Canadian Pacifies were buoyant on
traffic returns. The Rio Tintos were Vj up tj
44%. Copper sold at £54 2s (id the ton. There
was a rally in silver, due to bear covering and
on Indian demand. The advance is too' rapid;
It looks dangerous. ' ' .- .
London Marke'.
- ; \ > Morning: Session.
Board —
10 Cal Wine Assn 100 87^'
10 Cal Wine Assn 10O 75
143 Giant Powder Con 77 37',*
25 Giant Powder Con 77 25
l>0 Hc-nokaa 11 75.
40 S F Gas. & Electric Co 44 12$i
$5000 S F & S J V bonds 121 00
10 S V Water .' i .. 91 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Cal Wine Assn 100 75
hO Giant Powder Con 77 25
120 Paauhau S P Co 12J50
$2000 Sacramento Elcc Gas & Ry 5s.. 102 75
75 S F Gas & Elec Co 44 (M)
20 S F Gas. & Eloc Co 44 12>,i
10 S V Water 91 50
15 S V Water 01 Kfi
Street —
$15,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 121 00>
,$5000 Oakland Gas bonds 113. oo .
. PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. '
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Cala-Standard 10 '
300 Caribou C5 '
500 Kern 500
50 Shamrock 70
500 Sterling, cash 1 S2Vi
300 Sterling, b.30 1 87Vj
200 Sterling 1 gj
Afternoon Session.
Board — . ...
1C0 Four . . 55
100 Kern 50b
100 Monte Cristo 1 371A
10 Peerless 9 25'
100 Peerless 0 OO
500 Reed Crude -,;;>, S2
500 Reed Crude .. 3.-;
2100 Sovereign 35
120O Sterling 1 8 s
100 Sterling, s 30 ,. 1 $5
100 Sterling, b 10. 1 S7U
Street— ° 3
' 500 Independence ' os
/ / all street stocks generally weaker.
Local stocks and bonds dull. . .' . \
Sihrr advanced. Exchange as before.
Wheat futures open higher and fall back. Barley dull.
No change in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Hay weak. Some changes in Feedstuff s.
Beans nozv quiet, but firmly held.
Butter and Eggs unchanged. Cheese slightly lozver.
Reports of damage to the Prune crop generally confirmed.
Provisions now advanced by ail local dealers.
No further variation in Meats.
Turpentine marked up 2c.
Oregon Potatoes zveakening. Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Fresh Fruits dull. Apricots appeared from Yuma.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry received.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, tn 100-lb
bags : Cubes, A, ' Crushed and Fine ; Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, I 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none,
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D," 3.65c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, • 4.75c; boxes,
5c per lb. No order taken. for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent.
' COAL OIL — Water White. Coal OH, In bulk.
13*4@14c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 16c;
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, In bulk, 14VJc: la
cases, 21c; SU-degree Gasoline,' In bulk, 20c; in
cases. 26>4c.
TURPENTINE— Higher at 69c per gallon in
cases and 63c in drums and iron barrels.
¦ OIL — California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed OH, In barrels, boiled,
78c; raw, 76c ; cases, 6c more; Lucol, 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 95c; cases. $1;
China Nut, 57%@6Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c. Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50c . per
gallon;. Fish Oil. barrels. 42%c; cases. 47&c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
5»%c for Australian.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton:' Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 60;
Roslyn, $7; Cobs Bay. $5 50; Greta. $8; Walla
end, $8 50; Co-operative "VVallsend, $3 CO; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton,
according to brand. ¦
BAGS— Grain Bags. June and July, 6c: San
Quentin. 5.55c; "Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7&@Sc.
General Merchandise.
pivt,, % •demand and at $i 84%@4 S4% for
«i &i> Js: P osted rates. $4 S5Vi@4 88 and
ft 88 J=-. c °™niercial bills, *4 81@4 85. Bar sil
ver. 51M,c, Mexican dollars. 41 %c. Bohd>-
Oovernments, weak; States, inactive; railroads.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$2 per : box, $1 50@l 75 ' for No. 1 and $1
®1 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb, "40©G0c per box; ex
tra fancy, 75@00c; Green Peas. 75® 90c per sk.
and lc per lb to the canners; Garden Peas, $1
@1 25 per sack;. String Beans, from Los Ange
les, 3@5c per lb,* including Wax; from Vaca
ville, 7@8c; Cabbage,- 50@6T>c per ctl; Los
Angeles ¦ Tomatoes, $1 50@2 25 per box and
crate; Mexican- Tomatoes; $1CO@2" per box
for repacked; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb;
Los Angeles do, 13@17V&c; Carrots,' 75c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 40@75c per dozen
for small and $1@1 25 for large: Garlic. 2@:jc;
Los Angeles Green Peppers. 10@12%c; Mexi
can do. S@10e; Egg Plane/from Los Angeles.
lo@12%c; Summer Squash, from Los Angeles
$1®1 25;, Marrowfat Squash, $1G@2O per. ton;
Hubbard" Squash, $15@20. -'¦'•-.
ONIONS — Oregon, $2 25; Australian, $3 50®
3 75, second hands; new red, 90c@$l per sack;
Silverskins, 75c(@$l per box. ; ¦ . '.
¦ The Vegetable market was generally dull and
nearly all descriptions of . fresh' were quoted
lower. - Tomatoes were firm under light ¦ sup
plies. ¦ Surplus stock of No. -2 Asparagus went
to the canners at S5@00o per box. ".
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2®2%c ; per lb:
old, $1 50<51 75. for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon - Burbanks, - $1 75<g;2; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 5001 03; River Reds, $1 30(01 50;
Early Rpser for seed. $1 05@l ,75; Oregon Bur
banks, for seed, $1 65@1 75; Sweets, Jobbing at
$2@2 25. ¦ » ~
sold. Otherwise there is nothing new to Te
port. > -; ¦ ' ¦¦ ;¦,¦¦-. . :
, LAMBS — Suckling . Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4%@5c per lb live weight; yearlings 4.
@4%c Der lb. ... •
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under -65£c
200 lbs and j oVer, 6@6&c; feeders. 6@
t;%c; sows, 20' per cent off; boars, 50 per cent
off. and stag3. 40 per, cent oft from the above
quotations. . _ ; . | ' .' . ,
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, leas 80 per
cent ' shrinkage for cattle: ¦'. !
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — B@5%c per lb (gross weight).
¦ SHEEP— Wethers,. 4@4%o; Ewea, 3©3%c per
lb (gross weight). . - .
MARKET.
LIVESTOCK
Wheat 15,302,000, decrease 3,026,000; corn
5,'«97,000, decrease 546,000; oats 2,917,000, de
crease 13,000; rye 1,346,000, decrease 265,000;
barley 813,000, decrease 180,000. .
NEW YORK, May 12.— The visible .supply of
grain Saturday, May 10, as ¦ complied by the
New York ¦ Produce . Exchange, i is ,-as follows :
Visible Grain Supply
• English iron' markets eased off a little. Glas
gow closed at 53s I5d and Middlesboro at 48b
6d. The local iron market ruled steady and
unchanged. Pigiron warrants were nominal.
No. 1 foundry. Northern. $19@20; No. 2 foun
dry. Northern, $1S@19; No. 1 foundry. South
ern, $17. 50@18; No. ¦ 1 foundry,. Southern, soft,
$17 50@18.
\ Lead was steady here and at London, with
tho local market at 4%c and . London at £11
119 3d. -.. . -•¦' . = .
Si-clter was . firmer here at $4 45. London
advanced 6s to £18 12s fid.
i . Copper closed slightly higher here with stand
ard, spot to- August', at $11 25(311 50; 'lake at
512 10@12 25; electrolytic, $11 S0@12, and cast
ing- 1 at 111 75@12. London closed 6s 7d higher
with, spot "and futures at £54 2s 6d. ,
NEWTORK/May 12.— The local market for
tin- opened strong, -but closed- heavy. , though
with a slight gain, spot closing at $29 70@30.
Sales were thirty tons to arrive at $30@30 05,
and ten tens, spot at '$30. London closed at £1
higher, .with-- spot "' at ; £136 and", futures -at
Nezv York Metal /Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 0100; steady. "Western
lambs, $0 15@G 85; Western sheep, $4 S5@6 25.
HOGS— Receipts.- 3100; steady. Light and
light mixed, $6 90©7 15; medium- and heavy,
$7 10@7 30; pigs'. <$4 2. r >@5 25. : -v .-. ¦ -..¦-. *,
-. S.T-. JOSEPH.- Mo.,' May 12.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 000; steady. -Natives.' $5 25(87 25; cows
and heifers, $2 50@6 50; veals, ?3 50@6; stock
ers and feeders. $2 f>0@7' 50." - - . -i .;• • ¦¦ ¦¦
ST. 1 JOSEPH
steady to 10c lower. ' Good to choice wethers,
$'> 75@6 30; fair to choice mixed, $5 25@5 7. r >;
"\V>htern sheep, $5 25@6' 30; .native ilambs, clip
ped, $5@6 50; Western lambs, ?5 25@6 50; Col
orado wooled lambs., $7 10. . ¦' ¦ ¦ "• ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
11
HflBB&BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBSBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBa
E3 , WE OFFER FOR SUBSCRIPTION §
b /ftrs i ii ii 1 1 ii ii i h
I. .'" ¦• - . l^ ¦ , "."':'. n
g First General Mortgage 4 Per Cent Sinking Fund Gold Bonds of the §
I -OF SAN FRANCISCO.!
b. ¦-¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦* - • ¦ .'. :,'••: ..--¦¦ . ¦ ¦ -¦ ... a
H Principal payable pn April i y 1927/ payable April istand Oc- B>
™ toberV-ist, at -92 J4 and Accrued interest from April rst. 23
5 The authorized'jsstie of Bonds will 1 be ......:.. g
g There willbe reserved to provide for the present outstand- 9
g ing Bpnds of the former street railway companies ,and n
a • for -further improvements ....: ..;... .,§l."»,27.>,000 q
B '¦ The f present net income, 'of the United Railroads of San Francisco is,. B
H ample?to insure regular isemi-annual payment of its coupons and leave a B
S surplus ; for. a : liberal Sinking Fund." . O
0 , .- /-. Subscriptions^ will be received on • B
S . THURSDAY, MAY isth, igbs, AT TEN O'CLOCK A. M.. AND H
3 CLOSE AT THREE O'CLOCK 'P. M. OF THE SAME 2
1 DAY, AT THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF I.
B = SAN FRANCISCO, AND MESSRS. ANT. fl
B. BOREL & CO., SAN FRANCISCO. a
m . - '.^ ¦ i , ¦ * ' { . ¦¦ -. jt|
a Subscriptions must be accompanied by deposit of FIFTY DOL- 53
H LARS PER BOND subscribed, which" deposit will be returned on any n
: H bonds not allotted, the right being reserved to award a smaller amount B
B than that applied for. :'" .. • B
g ¦ . . ISAIAS W. HELLMAN. ¦
g -. , ANT. BOREL & CO.,
O San Francisco, May 12, 1902. Financial Agents. g
B;- r-'. . ." ¦;:¦"..- •¦;-:.. .;' ,.- '¦• - . : ' ¦ • c*
BBBflBBBaBBBBBBBflBBaaBBaBBflBBBBBBBBBBBflBaBflBBa
AUCTION SALES,
fe 300 HORSES
WILL BE SOLD AT 1140 FOLSOM STREET.
f Carload E.VERY TUESDAY until sold. TheiW
horses are from the Pillis grant, and are al '
broke and gentle, and weigh from 000 to 1400
pounds. Sale commences NEXT TUESDAT»
May 13.' Also a choice lot of camp, peddling-
and express wasons. buggies, carts and harness.THE SAN FBANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1902.
12
• COTTAGES TO LET.
REAR house of 5 sunny rooms; ¦ rent reason-
able; call forenoon. 4220 24th St., nr. Castro.
pRESSaiAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking a'nd Millinery School;
' corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 7S Rausch St., nr. 7th«& Howard.
EDUCATIONAL.
heald' s School of electrical engi-
neering — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F.;
catalogue free^
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College, 1236 Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; indorsed by official court reporters.
1382 Market st. __
HEALD' S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
S school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— $50; LIFE scholarship at AYRES' Business
College, 723 Market st.. pays for combined
commercial and shorthand courses; new type-
wrlters; positions secured; catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60- page catalogue free. 305 Larkin sti
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
- associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st:-
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; posit'n when qualified.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
SPANISH.French.etc.'Prof.DeFilippe's Academy
of Languages,320Post;estab'dlS71;ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
" Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons. 50c lesson. 14S4 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting: individual in-
struction ; Pitman system ; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETICy'bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery St..
VIOLIN, mandolin: guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission: instruments selected.
I HEALD' S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
I^IPI^YME^^FJFIC^S^^^^
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411 }& O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
rel lable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
LADY'S maid. North German, speaks ' also
French, understands traveling, has best of
references from some of first-class families
of San Francisco, wishes situation. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT.
TWO first-class trained nurses wish situations;
have best kind of references. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. ,,Call 27^ Fourth st*. room 2.
RESPECTABLE .lady, good 900'k * kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as hous'ekeeper or cook
for men.. Call CS to 76 Ellis st., room 131. |
between 1 and 4 p. m.'
SITUATION wanted In a German or Hungarian
family by a Hungarian lady. Please Call
Park Hatel, 26 Turk st.
GIRL wishes position to do general housework
or cooking. Call Tuesday at 1014 Minna st.
COMPETENT young girl to do housework; not
afraid of work; wages $25; no postals. Call
3015 Laguna st.
MOTHER and daughter wish positions in coun-
try; useful in all kinds of work; hotel, re-
sort or mining camp. Call branch, 2200 Fill-
more st.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a situa-
tion to do housework; is a good cook. 474
.Teht-iu st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day at
washing or cleaning. Call 1018 Howard St.,
top floor.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WAN\F ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. tiJO McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOY
POSITION in hotel by man ar.d wife; good all-
round hotel people; woman housekeeper, din-
ing-room or Chamber work; man clerk, stew-
ard or bartender. Address box 929, Call. .
WANTED — Situation by young married man
as watchman, night or day, drive delivery
wagon or general work' in wholesale house;
good references. Bos 928, Call office. ¦ .
GENERAL housecleaning, tailing up carpets
and cleaning same by 'colored boy. Apply to
100(5 Van Ness ave.
THOROUGHLY practical wallpaper man wants
situation as jobbing or retail salesman; 10
years' experience with best Northern Pacific
rirms. Box S17, Call office. . • ¦
A PRIVATE stable or a few gents' roadsters
to care for, by an experienced trainer. Ad-
dress room 619, Winchester Hotel.
AN Al sugical or'mpdical nurse with sufficient
reference; rates $1 50 per day. Box 1770, Call.
.WANTED — A young man wants a position in
laboratory. Box 911. Call office.
MAN 23 years, educated, neat appearance,
wants work; formerly a Failor; highest refer-
ences. ¦ Box 1703, Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman in curtains, por-
tieres and housekeeping dry goods; capable
of taking. charge; exceptional references; long
employed with good city houses. Address
box 811, Call office.
WANTED — Work as bookkeeper or assistant
cashier, clerk, business manager, expert ac-
countant or ¦ otherwise; electric execution;
strenuous, imperturbable. N. R. G. box
1011. Call office. . «* ' - ,
TEMPERATE able-bodied young man wishes
work in Alaska at mining. C. McGUFFIE,
S3G Illinois st.
COACHMAN wants situation; thoroughly un-
derstands his business. Box 981, .Call.
YOUNG Japanese pharmacist wants position to
do any kind work in drug store or laboratory.
Box 816. Call office. ,-, .; ¦¦
GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as school
: boy in small family. Address HAYASHI,
418A Post st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch, of flee. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia st. : - ....
FINANCIAL. .
COMPANIES incorporated and financed ;U. S.
- licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
investigate our 5 per cent income bond propo-
, Filtion to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten en London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific. States
Investor," an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for Investors
to come In ¦ on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. 'Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
6t. ; established 1892.
- FLATS KOil SALE— I'liKMSHEn.
THE new and up-to-date furniture and carpets
¦of an 8-room modern sunny , flat near • Van
;.. Ness ave., on Eddy st. "Address box 004, Call.
$375— A* COZY flat of 5 rooms; beautifully fur-
nished; rent $20. 807 Ellis st. ... ¦¦}. ¦
FBBXITUKE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, '.$48 50, with No 7
C range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNISHED 5-room flat." bath; first-class. 130
¦ Eddy st.>'.' ¦.-,-.-:-.-¦:.¦,'- -. \, •-.-/¦
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for. sale, cheap 17
_.Russ Et..,-flat 8. ;'•; . '. ~ ' ' •¦ ,- r .^,.'.,1»;;'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; •; received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.*
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY house on monthly payments. . .
12 rooms; transient $550
9 rooms; partly furnished...; '....: 225
SO rooms; $2000 cash. bal.. payments 3200
6 rooms; nicely furnished; only 175
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms 1700
25 rooms; rent $30; income $85; only... 220
9 rooms; corner; very good '. ' 375
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
Rms. 7-8, 906 Market St.. cor. Ellis, upstairs.
$550 — a, ROOMS; downtown; clears $60; $200
cash, bal. monthly. RETSLOFF, 906 Market.
Business 'Is booming here.
We never advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low interest.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. (upstairs).
. v Office near Call building. -
Our telephone— Black 1-8-0-3;
Correspondence solicited.
List your houses with us by telephone.
All houses for sale on our Installment plan.
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
GOOD transient house: new furniture $1800
36 rms. ; mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men... COOO
50 rooms; offices and .rooms; low rent.. 3200
35 rms.; Howard; rent only $G5; terms.. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.^
38 rooms, rent $S0. ....S1800
26 rooms, rent $60 $1300
WINSTON 28 rooms, rent $45 .$1100
& 35 rooms, rent $65..... $2000
WOLF. 35 rooms, rent $S0. $1000
1026 24 rooms, rent $42 $1300
MARKET ST. 20 rooms, rent $50 $875
100 rcoms, rent $22.. §6500
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market et. ,
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and.
prices. In all parts of the city.
• 11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$850
20 rooms ; sunny ; good renter 950
8 rooms; tunny flat: corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900.
Money loaned at 1% per cent psr month.
. . ;
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
S50 Market st. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1U per cent.
BARGAINS and many, choice Investments In
flrst-claES lodging and boarding houses can
be secured at all times, and bona fide buyers
are welcome to inspection; kindly call at
office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911.
8' ROOMS; rent $65; lease; good corner house:
tenants mostly workingmen; bouse clears
$125 a month: furniture mixed; house must
be sold on account of ether business. For
particulars address box. 1724, Call office.
9 ROOMS; rent $15; good house; nice lawn;
desirable location; new furniture; on account
of departure must be sold; price reduced to
$650. Address box 996. Call office.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis St.. room 10
<Glascow block).
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY'S elate writing and test 6eance,
Sun.. Wed. and FrI. nights; every one re-
ceives test; 25c. Readings daily 1052 Ellis st.
C. V. MILLER holds a private seance to-
morrow nlrht. 8 o'clock; only friends admit-
ted. 10S4 Bush st_; $1; Phone Larkin 4133.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
! MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; sealed let- j
j ters ans. 10c; ladles' readings COc 132 Sixth, j
i MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return |
to-night. €05 McAllister, 10c; come, skeptics. |
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
W. G.KEEGAX, test seance every night except
j Saturday; 10c; sittings daily.. 148 6th st.
! KATIE HEUSSMANN, 1774 15th. nr. Guerrero;
| circle Friday eve.. 25c; readings dally.
EDWARD EARLE^ — Special seance this, Tues-
day. night. 328 Ellis st. .
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night; 10c.
1 CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic, I
love or business troubles, consult this great me- |
dlum and you will be told how to overcome
them. Val/able advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4509.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 110*- Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
6 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person: 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A— 50c— 00c— NO HIGHER.
This week only, advice on love, business af-
fairs; reunites the separated, causes speedy
marriage; names, dates, facts given; when others
fail call on world's greatest medium and palm-
ist. Mme. J. Lyons, 101C Market, parlors 8-3.
MME. PORTER, wgnderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
j A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A EHis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m.to 8 p. m.
YOUR fortune told from. cradle to grave. _What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth' date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran. I
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1200 Market
St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St..
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 351 Mission, near Cth; open Sun.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall.* 125 Turk st.
I PROF. DESTINE, the first .registered life
reader ever in San Francisco. 127 Ellis Bt.
MME. HANSEN, well-known clairvoyant, cards,
palm., 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 6th, r. 14.
25c— SPECIAL. oii<5 week. PROF. MILES,
clairvoyant, palmist. 1010 Mission, nr. . 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant reader, palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c up. 1149 Mission st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card, reader; ladies
25c; gents 50; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 202 Minna St.. nr. 4*h.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bond to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
Karlscn Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;uphcister-
lng.1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mlssion.2(!3.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
233 Golden Gate ave.; telephone Kast 126. -.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning v.'orks. 1512 Polk;
. tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT, Prop. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless cuccessful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
DENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold 1
crown? $3 f>0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a -m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays ¦
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager!
EA.SY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st., cor. Mason
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager. ¦;
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. £5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 255 Kearny, cor Bush— 1
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns,' $3; fillings.' 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 : Geary st. — Expert
workmanship only; -reasonable; hours 10 to 4.J
MEYER,. 46 O'Farrell, late of C Turk -' St.—
Crown .and bridge work; gas specialist,. ;¦'
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G
YOUNG, 1811 Polk st. '
I LOST AND FOUND. .
PERSON who took violin case from doorstep
719 Oak st. return, get reward and no ques-
tions asked. '¦ '
LOST — Pearl sword pin. Return 253 Spear st. ;
reward. . ,
LOST — Saturday evening, May 10, purse con-
• tainlng roll of paper money and diamond bar
pin; liberal reward paid to finder. Commu-
nicate with box 1767,,. Call office.
• LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MICHAEL S. GUNNING. No. 1S0-
139S. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Saturday night, lady's gold watch and
fob: initials B. J. on case. Reward if re-
turned to t'2:> Davis st. or 140 Chenery st.
LOST — A lady's cameo belt pin; very old de-
sign: reward. Return to Call office.
LOST — Brown cocker spaniel male pup near
old St. Mary's College; reward. 718 Folsom.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
3IATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. '
Brass. Iron beds: mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter, 721 Mission ;tel. Main 730.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1D7 Fremont st.
IRON sidewalk doors with castiron frames^
, second-hand, but equal to new, and at onfri
half cost: iron gratings. P. H. JACKSON
& CO.. 228-230 Flr3t at.
A — BUYS, seils or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$250. will sell if taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 38. Box 1728, Call office.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE, 130 Bealft st.
WANTED — To sell good collection of postage
stamps, containing rare Australians and other
British colonials. G. FELIX, 413 Sutter st.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
$20 — WILCOX & GIBB3 automatic aeTtTns
machine; good order. 1571 Market, nr. 12th.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine; \V\ & G.; good
order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
PORTABLE camp houses for sale ch%ap. Call
or address Townley Bros., 18th and Folsom.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried la stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART, Valley Fort. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter* (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Kdlson phonographs, records, supplies, moving?
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE enzines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second band. THE HER- 1
MAN SAFE CO.". 417-423 Sacramento «t.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SB.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Kroch Mfg Co.. 519 Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tuxes. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Pout st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED — Four good work horses, harness
and four-ton wagon. J. E. KERR. room 7,
first floor. Mills bldg.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins:
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical gooda. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
"Wanted — 2d-tiand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthEIectricaJWks..418Turk.
,--' .-'-*" ¦".".-- ", alBP f CAI " J"
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned specfal-
' 1st. — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subecta
• of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 101S Mkt., op. 5th.
MRS. D. KOHL — Well-known reliable ladies'
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; horns in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to lOOSHs Market st., opposite 5th st.
MRS. D. WTETH — Well-known ladles' special-.
1st. 30 years' experience, removed to 1008 ¥t
Market st.. opp. 5th; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to S.
MRS. SWEET. 6CC Guerrero, nr. 18th. a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 25 yrs.*
experience in midwifery cases, takes ladles be-
fore and during confinement: best motherly
care; infants adopted; confinements, $15; rm.
&board $5 week; all who are slcs or in troubla
consult me before going elsew'r* TeL BlueUl.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHEKB
oriprinal method of treatment. Moved from
122S to 1120 Market st.
MRS.. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
ist;^ maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market St., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during*
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market St.. near Sixth.
treats' ladies only; relief In all cases taken.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A — R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room S.'
Loans any amount at lowest rate*.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages. +\,
On third mortgages. Liii' i
On undivided interests la real estata.
On estates in probate. 'T_' j
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5518.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
A — HERMAN MURPHY. 6t)l-602 Examiner bis
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates '. ..
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held In Trust ,
Undivided Interests In Real Estate ?
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes.
IF'YOU NEED MONEY
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc. J. " "
$300,000 at 5',-i and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and thiri mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in * estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16."i
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E, OLSEN. I
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate.
. household furniture, etc., at lowest rate of
Interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 105 Ellis St.. room 10 (Glasgow
block).
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest, rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st., room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick:
lowest Interest;-, easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
¦ party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg:. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no- brokerage charged: confidential : open eves.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister St..
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81. C Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
. HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
;..¦¦;./ FLATS TO LET.J; ¦; _-'_-''
WASHINGTON, 3193 — CorneTflat ; new," sunny ;
8 rooms and bath; fine city and marine view;
rent reasonable to desirable tenant; open for
inspection from 9:30 to 5:30. SPECK & CO.,
C67. Market st. '-.V . . ' -. -,¦ - - ' '
PACIFIC ave., 2922 — A choice modern sunny
upper flat, 8 rooms and .bath; rent reasonable;
beautiful marine view. s SPECK & CO.. 667
• Market st. ; ~: '
O'FARRELL, 1933 — Modern sunny 6-room flat;
. bath, yard, basement; reasonable to a good
tenant. ... . •: .
UPPER flat, t rooms and basement rooms;
fine marine view. 23C2 Vallejo St.; key at
23(34. . . / ¦ -.-.'-'
ELEGANT top flat; 6 rooms and bath. 735
Minna st., near Ninth. '
FLAT of 3 rooms: rent $10. IS Lewis St., be-
tween Taylor and Jones, Post and Sutter.
FLAT, 5 rooms and bath. 1618 Sanchez St.,
near Twenty-ninth, with or without stable.
HAYWARD, 2. off Harrison, near Eighth-
Sunny upper, flat, 3 rooms; rent $7 50.
MAGNIFICENT S-room : flat, with bath, laun-
¦ dry and storage ' rooms. 730 Eddy, st. .
NEW elegant flat, 7 rooms, finished attic and
basement. Fourteenth and Guerrero sts.
PINE, 2132— 0 rooms, bath; all modern; large
'back yard: fine basement. Owner, 2134 Pine.
TWO flats of 3 rooms each- rent cheap. 3
Hampton place, near Third and Folsom sts.
UPPER flat, 4 rooms' and bath. : 7 Tonningsen
place, off Howard st., bet. 12th and 13th.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pageB. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price x,aid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner' big.
A. WOLLPERT. ' 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
¦'¦ ¦/ GLOVES. : ¦ .' '
SPECIAL sale Danicheff glove, own make, at
90c .121 Grant ave.
"WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ... .429 Bush st
,.....:.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT . .
"Waitress, summer resort, near city $20
Waitress, north, fare here $20
Waitress, south, fare here $20
Waitress, watering resort '.. . .$20
Lunch waitress ...'... .$3 week
Waitress, cafe -$7 week
Cleaner, institution, city . . .$20
Woman, general work, watering resort... $25
Cook, summer resort • - •• • • •?-10
Laundress, same place, fare paid... $30
Laundress, country hotel, fare paid.: $3S
Pantry woman, ' springs ' ........ .$30
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....
Housegirl, Mountain View, Santa Clara Co.,
see party here, $20; housegirl. Mill Valley,
520, party here; housegirl, Pacific Grove,
Monterey Co., party here, $20; ' housegirl,
choice place, Oakland. $25, party here; ranch
cook, fare paid; housegirl, Santa Clara Co.,
fare paid, $25; parlor maid and waitress,
short distance, party here, $30; others, ¦ city
and country '• • •
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush gt.
A— HOUSEGIRL, American family, to go to
New Mexico, fare paid, see party here, • $25.
C. R. HANSSN & CO., 429 Bush st.
A WOMAN to make salads and take full
charge of pantry; springs; nice place to right
party; $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO;. 429 Bush.
WANTED — Two cooks, no wash, $30 and $35; 3
parlor maids, $25; 4 second girls, $20, $25; 7
waitresses, \ country hotel, $25, fare here;
waitress for Institution, $25, country: laun-
dress for hospital, $26; cleaning woman for
institution. $20; cook for ranch, $20, see lady
office ; waitress for resort, . go Wednesday,
$20; 4 cooks. German style, little wash, $30;
2 nurse girls, $16, $20; 4 restaurant wait- !
resses, $25, $30; restaurant cook, $30; also
a large number of girls for all kinds of
housework at $20, $25, $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. .334 Sutter st. ,
SIX waitresses, first-class springs, $20. MRS.
M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st. ¦ ¦ ;
25 WAITRESSES, resorts and commercial ho-
tels, $25. MRS. M.-.E. DAY, 335 Geary St.'
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, city hotel, $17~50; 2
chambermaids, rooming house, $15 and
found. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
WOMAN cook, springs, $35, see party 9 a, m.
MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st. '
TWO women to wash nice dishes, first-class
hotel, $25 and board, sleep home. MRS. M.
E. DAY, 335 Geary st. ¦¦¦'.¦
LADY'S maid and seamstress, $25; laundress,
SUJO ; cook and second girl, * same house. ?'!0
and $2u; housegirl, $30.no. wash; hotel cook,
$.'{5; 6 second girls, $25 and $20; waitress,
?30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
4 lroners, country hotel, $25 and -found.
WANTED — 5 girls to learn halrdressing, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
* required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class.
* College, 2.33 Geary St.; rooms 13-15.
W ANTED-^-First-class young lady experienced
in general cutting to assist in factory. .Ap-
ply MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
BUTTONHOLE ' maker and finishers on vests,
- and finishers on pants. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st. '
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse wanted; refer-
ences required. Apply this morning, 2330 j
Washington st. i
OPERATORS to learn glovemaking; paid while
learning; steady position. CARSON GLOVE
CO., 35 Market st.' .
WANTED — Reliable girl for general house-
work; good home; good- wages. Call 3201
Clay Et. . ¦
GIRL for half-day to assist waiting on table;
sleep at home. ,610 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Good girl, learn to wait on table;
wages paid. Temperance Restaurant, 52 8th.
WANTED — A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply at 310 Twelfth st.,- below Folsom.
NEAT reliable girl; general housework; good
cook.'; 3C68 Twentieth st. . -'
GIRL' wanted for housework. 1415 Steiner st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
' ¦ •--¦-.
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
ST. ; MR. DAVIS. ' . ' ,
PANTS finishers, 75 cts a pair; steady work.
85S Howard St., bet. Fourth and Fifth, over
handball court.
WOMAN, middle-aged, with refs.; used to in-
. valid; good home, small salary. Apply box
1760. Call office. ¦. ¦
NEAT girl; must be a good cook; good wages.
11S0 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED operator on gents' custom
and stock shirts. Rogerson's, 535 Valencia' st.
•LADY : wanted for vests; to work in store. "3050
Twenty-fourth . st. • '
WANTED — Girl aged 14 for housework; good
home. Call 5 p. m. at 287 Clementina st.
WANTED — A 'good finisher on custom coats;
good pay. 027 Market st., room 623.
GIRL for. light housework; good home; small
family. 623 Haight St.. •
TALENTED '. amateur performers." ¦ Apply at
Chutes 6 p.m. Wednesday; salary no object.
W ANTED — First-class suit and waist seam-
stress. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS."
OPERATORS on muslin underwear, • also learn-
ers, paid while learning; constant -work
summer and winter. G.-'.W." REYNOLDS,
. 597 Mission St., corner .Second. -.,' ;; :
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, ' bleaching,'
dyeing, hairwork; splendid position in stores
and with private customers, $56 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks $5; day,' ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
"FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
LADY from 45 to 55 years will treat free for
, wrinkles; no surgery or electricity used.'Har-
¦ ri3 Institute of Dermatology, 508 Sutter St.,
I Bowhay building. ' . ¦
WHOLESOME, intelligent lady over 25. of
good ' character and standing, for high-grade
' position. Box 985, Call . office. .
SEAMSTRESS, plain sewing. 1817 Devisadero
street. : ¦¦¦¦..-¦¦¦¦ . " ! , ¦ .¦ ¦ ' . ¦
APPRENTICES, girls; plain sewing. 1817 De-
i visadero ¦ street. . .
IMPROVER arid young girl , to learn dress-
maklng. ; MME. NELSON, 1017 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS 'finishers.- .22 Grant ave.
GIRLS wanted; must have experience at past-
¦ lng.' Apply trunk factory/ 17th. and Shotwell.*
PANTS < operators wanted b v S. - N, ; WOOD . *
CO.: ' j Apply at : factory, 27 Geary st. . ,.
PANTS finishers wanted ' by S. • N. WOOD * ft
CO. i Apply; at- factory, 27- Geary, Bt. : r
WANTED— Experienced '"* shirtmakers. ' EAG-
LESON & CO., 535 Market Ft. . ¦
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:80 p. m.
S15 Larkin street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m-
1096 Valencia 6treet; open until 9 p.m.
Northwest corner .Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M..1 m . .
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- JV
ING, May 13. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. %jf
Degree. By order of the H. P. 1
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and a
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (TUES-' -#%.
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D.Tal 3f
L By order of W. M. '?!
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
1ACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. m
121 Eddy st.. meets THIS EVENING, ,J^
7:S0 o'clock. 1 D. wLX
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec *^T V
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144,' F. and A. ft
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY)
E VEXING, at 7:30 o'clock. jLjC
A. S. HUBBARD, Set /Vi
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, L O. O. -j^ia{e«B>
V.. invites Grand Lodge officers s?*z5«§r:
and representatives, members of ?$53HK2£r
lodge and order to Its meeting ¦^vi/itw^
TUESDAY EVENING, May 13, when
Brother Past Grand W. I. BROBECK will
lecture oa the "Origin and History of Odd
Fellowship." •»
HORACE W. HANNA, Noble Grand.
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary. 1 _
XOTXCE to the stockholders of The Risdon
Iron and Locomotive Works Is hereby given
that. In pursuance of a resolution of the
Board of Directors of said corporation,
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
bo&rd. beld at the office of the corporation.
in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 17th day of
March, 1902. a meeting of the stockholders
of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works
will he held at the office of the corporation.
No. 29S Steuart Bt., in the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California (the same
being the principal place of business of said
corporation and tha building where the. Board
of Directors usually meet), on WEDNES-
DAY, the 21st day of May. 1902, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of con-
sidering and acting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of said corpo-
ration to the amount of six hundred thou-
sand (600,000) dollars, United States gold
coin, for the purpose of providing moneys
to purchase additional property to complete
the -works and extend the business of the
corporation, and for legitimate and neces-
esxy purposes. By order of the Board of
Directors.
(Signed.) AUGUSTUS TAYLOR,
Secretary of The Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works.
SAN FRANCISCO Frauen Vereln— Officers and
funeral committee are hereby notified to as-
eemble at Druids* Hall, 413 Sutter St..
TUESDAY. May 13, at 12:30 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late member, MRS.
CATHERINE CHEISTOFFEL. By order of
MES. L. GALL. President.
AN'XA MAAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the comsany, 327 Market et., San Francisco.
Cal., on MONDAY, the 26th day of May.
1902, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electine a beard of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business sjb may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books wll* close
on Friday. May 16. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
S. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
fI3; sll cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet; :
no charge without success; established 16 yrs. ;
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton. '
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees; ;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market Et.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Et.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin, 3u5 Market. 19C8 to 1974 Page.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds -of song
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal I
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st.,bet.8th&9th. j
KOBISON'S BIRD STORE— I
Arr 335 and 337 Kearny st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BOOKS SEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased !
H. C. Holmes 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1916. j
i^ — mmBmm^^ m^ m^ mm^ t
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $350 per month; estab.
years; the best investment in any kind of :
businese. Call R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny. ;
A — $800; PARTNER wanted in fine paying and i
best located restaurant on Sutter St.- sick-
ness compels owner to take good man as !
partner or sell the whole business. See K '
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $S00; REST ATR ANT and chop house op-
posite railroad depot; place established years
"Vfef^lSS&S" 111 *"'- CaI1 R -
1 ' , , I
A — $750; CORNER delicatessen store with i
3 nice living rooms, in the choicest location !
m the city; rent *25; only cause of sale
owner accepted Government position. In-
qulre R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— $275; SALOON, with hall, in first-class lo-
cation, en San Mateo electric R. R.; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— 1 1250; HAMM AM, .Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage; all latest Improve-
S^iT^r- 2SJ" 1 !?"" locatl °n- See R. G.
W ILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A 7£> 9^; saloon * i n wholesale district; rent
$42 50; place is estab. for many years and
doing a good-paying business; only reason '
for sale partners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2C^ Kearny. ;
A— $2300; CORNER saloon on Montgomery '
rt.; established for years and known as fim^
S £?, yinK Proportion; rent $175; return
R r^Vr'S-p'^V 1 once: rare chance.
R. G. \\ ILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— $450; DELICACY"^torerrecelpts f20 day
bargain to-day. STRAND. 1007 % Market gt!
A-$200; PARTNER in commission business-
clears $150 month. STRAND. 1QQ7 14 Market!
W_K have lodging-houses, stores restaurants
Eaioons, hotels, cigar stands a«i
many other business chances for sale- also
city and country real estate for sale or
exchange. Call or -write for our fr^e list
MEALY & CARR Realty Mlni^ Co . 7U
Market St.. room 400; tel. James 4121. .
NURSERY and florist business for sale or ex-
change for Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley
property; owner must leave the city by July-
buyer can work himself into the business by
working for salary until he wishes to take
possession. CARLSON. 500 Haight et.
CE FREITAS & SIMS. 413 Kearny st.. Real
Estate and Business Agents. We buy sell
and make Quick exchanges In real estate
lodging houses, business opportunities; money
loaned on furniture at lowest rates.
A— «S00; PARTNER wanted In established
business; $18 to $25 a week; too much work
for one; no night or Sunday work; duties
light and easily learned; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary et.. room 1.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wine house, good bar
traoe. family and otherwise: owner retiring-
ar. assured Income for any one. Fcr partlcu-
lars call on JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market.
AIC employment office established 13 years-
will eell very reasonable for cash. Call at
MISS CULLEN-E. 325 Butter at _
WANTED— To buy branch bakery In Oakland
or San Francisco; state price. Address box
4275. Call office. Oakland.
RESTAURANT for sale; everything new; liv-
ing rooms; sickness. Cor. Sutter and Devisa-
dero cts.. .
flOO — TOBACCO and c!gar store with living
rcoms; rent $13; must sell. Apply 140 First.
FOR taie — A first-class established business a
fruit and grocery etc-re and horse and wagon
on account of sickness; cheap. 2102 Howard.
AN old-established restaurant; guarantee $100
per month; centrally located; must sell at
sacrifice ; going north. . Box 063, Call office.
FOR eale — Cigar stand: transfer corner; goods
at cost and value of fixtures. Call at 1193
Folsom Ft.
THE Lurline Lunch and Coffee Parlor, near
Lurllnc Baths. 1009 Larkin et. -
FINE chance for 2 men to buy an established
buflnet-v 203 Fonrth tit.
GOOD Inside route xm mornlcj- paper for sale.
PM ixMj.venis'ortfa Bt.
WANTED— MALE— Con^^^
CREAMERY man, $50 and board, house' fur-
nished for married man; milker ior institu^
tion,.?25 and found; 4 mllufcr3, $30 and $•«>
and found; men for haymaking. 51 2a day
and board; milker and wife, $45 and found;
farmer and wife $45 and ' found; cheese-
maker and wife $-15 and found; teamsters,
near, city, $1 25 d"ay and board; shop butch;
er; choremen; stableman for milkman, $oj
and board; 2 milk wagon drivers, .550; labor-
ers for mine. $2 day; laborers, for mill .and
Moods. $30 and $35. fare advanced; drillers,
$2 25 day, tree fare and others. J. F. CROa-.
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
FOUR single-hand miners, $2 .",0 day; furnace
n.an for mine; 4 more carpenters for coun-
try, $3 50 day; 5 carpenters for city. $3 ;>O
day; 2 plain carpenters, $3 day; 2 ranch
blacksmiths, §40. $">0 and found : 2 black-
smith helpers, "$:i5-and found and $-
I day; 2 carriage woodworkers. $2 50 to S4
day; carriage blacksmiths ?1 50 to $3 50 day:
carriage smith, helpers; jobMng blacksmith,
$2 50 day; letterer and designer; edgerman,
$:; day; bench hands for country mill. $•-•
clay: circular sawyer, small miil. $2 25 day
and board, and other mechanics. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
NIGHT cook and waiter, country hotel. $35 and
found; night cook, city; 2 hotel second cooks,
$30 and $40; restaurant cook, country. $.>0;
waiters, j dishwashers, S25. $30 and $32 50
month; vegetableman. $25; bell boys, $10 and
$15 and found; elevator boys and others. J.
K. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. _
09 Third St.. near Call bldg., phone Bush 40o.
I RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE...... FREE FARE....
100 teamsters. Nevada $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 25 day
50 concrete men $2 25 day
Office fee. $1 No other expenses
2 dogger8.......$57 50 per menth and found
2 hooktenders...$57 50 per month and found
10 lumber pilers $2 to $2 25 per day
Teamsters and laborers, city , $2
6 paving-block makers $2 25 per day.
fare $1, bach or board where they please.
All kinds of hotel and restaurant help, city.
Short-order cook, one who can bake, lunch
counter, country. • • *°°
CAL. EMP. AGENCY 59 Third st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st.— For private
grounds, Sonoma County; 0 men for pick and
shovel work $1 a day and found; 3 farm
hands (2-horse teams). $25 a month;- 3 under
gardeners. $1 a day and found; married man
. to drive for carpenter shop; farmer, Alameda
County, $25. v-
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Cook, $70;
cook, small country place, $30; second con-
fectioner. $G0; dishwashers, $25 and $30;
potwasher for resort. $25; young man as
•""waiter for institution, $20; Frenchman to
wash windows, institut'on, $25 and found;
man to wash dishes and milk 2 cows; pan-
tryman. $20; bedmaker, $20. etc.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Third cook, $40; potwasher. $25; yardman,
$25: hotel clerk, $35. for country; 3 bell
boys, city."
WANTED — First-class second cooks and fry
cooks for restaurant^; waiters, vegetablemen,
porters and kitchen help; no fee. 526 Mont-
gomery st., room 1.
2-CHAIR barber shop- for sale in San Jose.
Inquire of STOLTZ. 723 Market St., : S. F.,
or. 140 Powell st.
WANTED— Miner for Alaska, $C and board;
must pay fare. Box 1762, Call office.
COATMAKER wanted to work in store. 3056
Twenty-fourth Bt. .
McDONALD & PERRY,- new and second-hand
United States army shoes. 241 Third st.
$75 — PAYING barber shop; 2 chairs. For par-
tlculars apply at 828 Bryant st. .
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; ablebodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
RANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, *tlU
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated:
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — A sticker hand, a band sawyer and
shaper, carpenters. Eagle Planing Mills,
Franklin and Fourth sts., Oakland.
WANTED — Boys, girls, young men and solder-
ers. Apply American Can Co., factory Sev-
enth and Townsend sts., city.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
trice. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes hair-soled while waiting- 23c
to GOc. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MAN wanted to take charge of a dairy of 100
cows. Address box 34, lone, Amador Co., Cal..
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Solicitor. Call at 1322 Pacific St..
between 8 and 10 a. m.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
WANTED— A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, daily^from 2
to 4 p. m.. except Sunday. St. Nicholas Hotel,
room 237, 1606 Market st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; scling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
WINCHESTEP. House. 44 Third St.. near Marl
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2C0O Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has' been established at 1093
Valencia st.
ANI^AVAGONS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1GC0: well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
• see them^at Occidental Horse Exchange. 216
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG, proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses — The famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st. ._ _.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business hofses. new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, ccr. lltn.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.hamess.work.driving horses. lSth&Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list nouses tolet;'s/nd for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. ' Apply
10 Ewer place.^ ¦ -
1514 OCTAVIA St., near Sutter — 8 rooms and
ba'th; sanitary plumbing; very desirable; rent
¦'. reasonable. N .... - '
TO LET — 11-room house; modern improve-
ments. 2510 Pine St. . ¦ '
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner st.,
near Eillis. . ¦ ¦ '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for maillns; $1 per year.
: HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished. 1824 Pacific St., cor.
Gough.-from June 1; 10 rooms; sunny; marine
view; for 3 months or longer: $110 per month.
Inquire MADISON & BURKE, 30 Montgom-
ery st. .,
FURNISHED, for not less than ons year, or
• will sell at a sacrifice? modern house. 12
rooms, bath, etc., including. 2 kitchens suit-
able if desired for 2 families; fine order; large
. garden ; reasonable to reliable parties. 120
' Liberty st.. near Twenty-first and Guerrero.'
NICELY furnished sunny 7-room house; Sacra-
mento, near Fillmore. Box. 1744, Call.,
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room house.' 13
Beulah at., near. the park. •
HOUSES TO LET— COUNTRY.
ME.NLO (Fair Oak3) — New cottage, 7 rooms
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— A 4 or 5 room furnished cottage In
Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda: state price
. and location. . Box 4673,' Call office.
HALLS TO LET.
FOR rent— Teutonia* Hall. 1332 Howard st. bet,
:: 9th and 10th. for a term of years; barroom
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
• ea therewith., For. particulars address F
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 409 Eighth. *
x J^ _ INVESTMENTS.
SPLENDID investment— Point Richmond land-
• ". great bargain; small tract. '¦ heart of town'
7\ suitable to, cut into lots. ' THE INVESTORS
- AGENCY, 137- Montgomery St., S. F.
' ', HELP WANTED- — .MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY . . . . . . . . . ..'. i*. ; .......
Phone Main- 5S4S.:.': ...634-630 . Clay st.
..Leading Employment and Labor. Agents . .
- Office Onen 7 a./m .„...
5000 men '...... .............. 5000 men
Wanted :...Fivo Thousand Men .. ..Wanted
Ccaie.One ....'.......:.........:.. Come All
..'... ...........\. Free-to .....".......'
Beautiful Sierra Nevadas and
....... ......Salt Lake and Nevada Divisions
..Climate the best; tresh and invigorating-. .
First-class Food and Accommodations.. . .
Steady Work •-...;...; .' Good Wages
- You Will Suit ........ Great Crowds Going
Are You? .'Are You? ...... Are You?
For S. P. R. R.. Santa Fe, R.R.. C. P. R. R.
: 350 drillers ...... ... . ." . . . Nevada — Free fare
250 hammersmen ....... .Nevada — Free fare
; 1S5 car dumpers. ....... ..Nevada— Free fare
' 453 concrete men... .Nevada— Free fare
6 crane men, §00 ..Nevada — Free fare
1605 teamsters Nevadci — Free- fare
1605 laborers . .".. .... .Nevada— Free fare
86 carpenters' helpers. . ...Nevada — Free fare
¦ 43 masons', helpers. ...... .Nevada — Free fare
194 rockmen ¦ ;• : . . ¦. . .Nevada — Free fare
97 laborers to mix concrete.-. ....;...........
. - Nevada — Free fare
Wages— $2, $2 25, $2 50, $3 day — Wages
$1 Fee. $1 Fee. -.. No other expenses
................ Now to the T.
:-^ Great Santa Fe Railroad
53 laborers,, etc.,' for track work; board in
hotel. "
BEST WAGES AT.... MURRAY & READY
BEST PLACES AT ........ U34-U36 Clay st.
A— GREAT BANKING SYNDICATES. .:......
.. ..Ranch, Orchard, Vineyard, etc., .want. ...
8 haymakers, mowers, etc $30 and found
• 6 men to work in orchards, vineyards, etc..
¦ • $26 and found
¦ Steady, good jobs; this is one of the best
banking corporations to work for in Califor-
nia .'. .......FARE $125
MURRAY & READY. ¦¦ 634-636 Clay St.
A— FRUIT-PICKERS .HAYMAKERS
FARMS. . .... DAIRIES . . ... .VINEYARDS
580 farm, orchard and vineyard hands.
• • • • • $26 to $35
63 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30-$ 45
-4 milkers, and farmers and wives $45
28 chore men and boys, some' for private
. places .......'..$15 to $30
45 haymakers, mowers,' etc . .'
• .$1 25, $1 50 and found
10 men to run mowers $40 and found
12 fruit-pickers, $1 fare "..$20 and found
Help for vegetable arid other gardens, hop and
stock ranches, . etc. ¦ u
'.. .TO SAWMILL AND WOODS. ...
204 laborers, swampers, shingle packers, tree
fellers, cut-off sawyers, planing mill help and
all other classes of help used, in mills, woods,
etc., $30, $40, $50, §tio^» $70, $SU and found
:. MINES— GREAT MINES ...'.
3D laborers,' $G0 \ . . ; . .12 miners, $85
.IN SAN FRANCISCO^
38 teamsters, various classes of teams, $35
- and $40 jind found '.
95 laborers, some for factories ...$60
..... STABLES — CITY AND COUNTRY. . . .*.
35 stablemen, hostlers, buggy and harness
cleaners, floor men, boys to help, $35, $40,
$50, $00 ;...
3 handy men, 3 roustabouts; 4 sack sewers...
.."...SECTION AND QUARRY HELP
39 section hands, S. P. Co., usual wages....
26 quarry men, laborers will do. ;.$60
SPECIAL NOTICE
3 milk wagon drivers.... 3 boys for groceries
12 men to help -around dryers and fruit
houses; boy as clerk; boy to learn printing
trade; 6 boys to learn bakery and ' other
trades, come, * see; 2 men, no experience, to
work around planing mill; letterer and de-
signer, stencil work.- ¦*- • . .
Teamsters, special. work $2 day
Laborers, city, special work $2 day
do^fOr^'you 10 ..^/ others we can
we gave ' employment! '.'.'.'.'.'. '.
¦1 J807, to upward of 17,000 men
1SU8. to upward of 19,000 men.. .
1809, to upward of 21,000 men.......
• .1900. to upward of 35,000 men.......
. • 1001, tovjpward of 37,000 men
; ......... MECHANICAL HELP ". .
<A blacksmiths, horseshoers, floor men, all-
round smiths, etc., for shops, foundries,'
mines, camps, also helpers, $2, $2 23
$2 50, $2 75, $3. $;: 50 day; 15 carpenters!
shop, house and boat- work. $2 50 to $-i 50- 25
bench hands, planing mills; lath hands, car-
riage painters, cabinet makers, machine men
and lots of other mechanical positions $2 50
$3. $3 50 and $1 day.
......I HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS.. \
45 cooks, first, second, third, for hotels,
boarding-houses, cafes, saloons, restaurants
railroad eating houses, etc., in Arizona and
all parts of California; bed makers; porters;
3 1 dishwashers, potwashers, S20, $25 $30
and §35 and found. '
BELL AND ELEVATOR BOYS.
Bakers, first, second and third hand, usual
wages.. ., . , ;
.Hundreds of Other Positions........
If You Want Work "Come See. . .
. Work for You MURRAY & READY,
Work for Everybody. .634. and 630 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..... 429 Bush st
, New Railroad Work . . . . . . '
Free fare A .......... Free fare
*.............. FORNEVADA
2000 teamsters,; laborers, rockmen and con-
crete men $2 to $2 20 a day
0 carpenters $3 a day
2 blacksmiths : . .$3 a day
... FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnel men, machine men, drillers, muck-
ers and outside laborers $1 75 to $3 a day
Free fare Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St.
A— BOOKKEEPER and timekeeper. for a rail-
' road camp; see boss here. ' C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 429 Bush st.
MAN and Wife, small ranch, $45. Apply to
MRS. NORTON. 313 Butter st.
BOY from 16 to 19 to pack: $4 a week begin-
nlng. Apply 9 o'clock PAUL RIEGER &
CO., 141 Fh-3t st. . .
PRESSMAN capable of managing small plant:
must ba sober and industrious. Address box
525, Call 'office.
SALESMAN, fancy goods,' country, $100 month;
window trimmer, ticket writer, country $100
month. C. V. RO\A'E, IS Montgomery st. ,
BARBERS — Master Barbers* Association meets
to-night at 102 O'Farrell st. at 8:30 o'clock.
S. HELLER. Secretary.
WANTED— Two boys about 18 years to ope-
rate machines; please bring ' references.
Weston Basket and Mfg. Co., 660 Bryant st.
WANTED— A person that has had experience
on frozen apples in different States. Ad-
dress box 1769, .Call office.
WANTED— A strong, steady boy for carrying
out orders or to make himself generally use-
ful in bakery. Ill Larkin st. - .
WANTED— Chandelter hanger; first-class man.
Apply ICKELKEIMER BROS.. 2S Geary st.
EXPERIENCED trimmer wanted at HAR-
. SHALL' S. 12 Kearny st.
BOY for office work ; age 18 to 19. ¦ Address box
S221. Call office.
YOUNG man about 17 ' for office work. C V.
ROWE. 18 Montgomery st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 212 Brannan st.
STRONG boy to assist a3 fireman In planing
mill. 237 King st., near Third..
BEDMAKER and night porter. The New Ade-
laide, 614 Howard st. ; L. Hamilton. Prop.
TINSMITH; good jobbing bench hand." 548
Mission at. .
ELDERLY man to distribute bills; 25c on the
dollar commission. Apply room 1, 850 Market.
GOOD bootblack. 1)47 Fillmore St., cor. , Mc-
Allister; good wages.: .
VEGETABLE man wanted. Park -Hotel, 20
• Turk st. ' : .
BOOTBLACK wanted; -.steady job; good wages.
1048 McAllister st. . . .
COAT-MAKER wanted; call early. 1274
Union st. . , ¦
BARBER— First-class," steady man wanted;
¦ $15. .107 Ninth st. ' " ¦
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith and helper.
1 Apply 316" Railroad ave. south.
BOY about 10 years for drug store. Van Ness
ave. and Fulton st. ¦ . . '
EXPERIENCED young butcher wanted. 4127
i • Eighteenth rst., above . Castro.
YOUNG man (German) to work in pork store;
'one with experience preferred. 3008 Sixteenth.
BARBER shop for sale, with 2 living . rooms ;*
rent $10. G21 Harrison st.
SHOEMAKER wanted; first-class man wanted
I for repairing; steady work. • Box 1764, Call.
WANTED— Night waiter for after theater/
111-115 Larkin st.:
WANTED— Lunchman for a few hours even-
ings. ' 111-115 Larkin St.. .
WANTED— For U. S: army, ¦ ablebodied unmar-
.-¦- ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
j of United -States, of^good character and tem-
•perate habits,\who can speak, read and write
English. ;. For information apply to Recruit-
ing . Officer, 121 New ' Mongomery st., . San
Francisco," or .'Masonic building,' Sacramento."
WANTED — All-around -printer; musts be good
job and ad. - man, rapid, willing and under-
; stand presses and: presswork.^ both -cylinder
and; platen; no boozer need apply. Address
' W. J. HILL, Salinas," Cal., stating age, quail-
's ficatiohs, : etc. .
: WANTED— Strictly sober, reliable . young man
I with$125 cash;, light contracting business;
i no . experience necessary ; : pays '$70 month ; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st/
BARBERS — For sale, fine hotel barber : shop
with i 3 i chairs; $250. For particulars see
" MRS. CAFRA,-"470 r Jessie St.; near. Sixth. - '
¦WANTED-^-Boy I about 16 for wholesale house.
, Address, ." stating age and ¦ experience.' box
,f; 1745,; Call office. 1 j: " ¦."••;-. ¦.¦¦¦"...
.WANTED— Good accordeon ! player ' for country
1 ; dance ¦ hall ; • wages ¦ $30 and found. ' Box 151,
,Benlcia,. C&V ¦;, .(-. , • \ V': .. .'
WANTED^— Man as gardener. -Apply lOlBart-
'.;lett;st. •:¦'.¦¦.¦"¦.¦;-. k~ ¦ ¦¦¦ "' : ¦*%>-.;THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1902.
Maria : : and' Alton . R. Cowan to Richard J.
Montgomery, lot on N line ! of Forty-third
street. 7iiO:9 E of Telegraph avenue,. E" 52, n
105 :11, W 84 :4," S 100, lot 45, : map of Linden
Homestead. Oakland; $10; _., - y ,-
Arthur P. : and Lettie W. Holland ' to Mar
garet E Evans- (single),' lot on S line of Elm
(or Twenty-fourth) street, 1 ; 100 E of Webster,
B 50 by S 100, block 2256, map of subdivisions
225« to 2258, t-Valde* Tract,.. Oakland; $10. . -
-. Joseph ¦• and Juliette Block- (wife) ~. to Hamlln
Nash, lot on '. E ' line bf Filbert street, > 133 . S of
Twelfth; S 32-by E 125. lot 27, block, 567, map
of subdivision block 567, v Oakland; $10.
'. Cary Howard to ¦ John. M. and Annie ' J. ; Ta
velra, E 20 feet of lot 6 and W 7, feet of lot • 8;
block C,*- map ¦ of : Broadway and Telegraph ave
nue Park Tract, being a resubdivislon of blocks
A : to E. of , West '.Tract, 'Oakland: $10.', ". :¦¦¦ 1
George and- Carrie R.. Sterling (wife) to Mu-
Alameda County.
' FRIDAY, MAY 9. "•'
Ralph W. L Brlggs and Thomas R. and Jo3e
phlne-H.-Bishop to Willard M. Sheldon, re
record 1918 D. 423, lot on E line of-Bartlett
street, 1C0 :9% S of Twenty-third, S 75, E 110,
S 25, E- 140. N 10O, W 250, quitclaim deed; $10.
% Thomas Roche to Julia Roche (wife), lot ot
K line of Bartlett street, 125 S of Twenty
glxth. S 25 by B 75; gift.
Mary FA Campbell to D. O. . Crowley, lot
on" E line of Chattanooga street, 156 S of
Twenty-second, 6 26 by E 125; $10.
Nellie MaKee to F. B. Yoakum, lot on NW
corner of Twenty-second and Castro streets,
W 250-by N 75; $10.
Alice and John M. Manning to James 3.
Bunnell -lot on N line of Eddy street, 137:0
W of Jones, W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
James S. . Bunnell to f Catherine T. Bunnell,
same; gift. ¦
Francis Lowe to Augusta Lowe (wife),- lot
on NE line of Sixth street, 182 NW of Bran
nan, NW 23 by NE 120; gift. ¦ . ..-
William M. Tench to John A. Sobria and
John Dellamonica, lot on SW line of Clinton
street 225 SE : of Brannan, SE 25 by SW
75- $10. ¦ • ¦"' ¦
Louise and Ernest E. Lauterbach to Eltel A.
Tobin (single), lot on SE line of Howard street,
137:6 NE of Eighth, NE 80 by SE 75; $10.
Mary Kerigan to ¦ Charles Kerigan, lot on S
line of Solano street, 45 E of Hampshire. S
95 by E 25; gift. \ '
Frederick E., Carrie M.,,John W. and Mary
W Wadsworth ; ¦ to Meta .8. Hons, lot com
mencing at a point '100 E of Texas street and
105 S of Nineteenth, S 45, E 7:5%. NE 411:6,
'William' H. and Georglna' Buckley to L. S.
Lathrop lot on NW corner of. Fifth avenue
a^d La P k'e street. N-100 by. W 27:6; $10. - •
Maria and John Kerigan to Charles Kerigan.
lot on W line of Arch street. 250 S of Shields.
S 25 by W 100. lot 39, block 24, City Land
As^ocifltion * * r lf t. ' " v ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ J ¦ * ¦*'
Jacob and Llna Heyman to William Manders,
lot 4, Holllday Map A; $10- ¦ ]_ :
Alice Marlette to J. . A. ' McCusker. lot .on
NW line of Moscow street. 150 NE bf China
avenue. NE 75 by 100, block 71. Excelsior
Henrv W ; Marrett i to John Sulz, lot on NE
line of Francis street, 275 NW of Mission,
NW 25 by NE 100, block 5. Academy Tract;
James F. McDaniel to Anna D. Joost. ' lot
on SE line of South Broderick street. 100 N
of Tilden SE 187:7%.' N 29:5, NW 144:5, SW
25-8 lot 7 block D.'Park Hill Homestead; $10.
Ida Wallace to F. B. Wallace, lots 880,>S82
and 884 and 1-3 of 885. Gift Map 3- $10.
Edward L Fuller to Oscar Heyman. lot on
NE line of Eleventh avenue, 125 SE of P
street. SE 25 by NE 100; block .'210. Garden
vllle Homestead: ' $10, . , : _^ -:. ¦ . ; . ¦
Frank '.W. i and Emma A. Fuller to same,
lot i on I the NE line^of Thirtieth^ avenue, \ 75
NW of H street, NW 75 by NE 100, block
531, Bay View Homestead: $10. : .:.
' Julius and ¦ Weber . to Marie G.
Pickering, lot on N line of Broadway, 164 W
of Devlsadero street, W 30 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles J. Raubut to William Mann, lot on
S line of'Sutter street, 179:6 W of Lyon, W
25,- S 95, ' B 4, S 5,E21,'N 100; $10.
William S. F6wler to Hans Peterson lot on
S line of Pace street, 106:3 E of Cole. E 25
by S 137:6: $10. "
Emillo Lastreto to Henry Jones, lot on N"
line of Hancock street, 205 W of Sanchez W
25 by N 114; $10. ' ,'
Estate of John Lindsay (by John A. Drink
house, administrator, and John'/A; Grennan,
ellsor in place of B. P. . Oliver) to Hibernia
Savings and '.Loan Society, lot on W line of
Florida (Columbia) street, 288 S of Twentieth,
S 26 by W 100; $895.
MONDAY, .May 12.
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum (corporation
/„„„„> w tth J. H. Lemln & Sons (contrac
tor^), architect Charles J. I. Devlin-Painting
of exterior of building known aa Roman Catho
lic Orphan Asylum on lot on W corner of
iriirhtppnth avenue south and N etreet south.
SW 480 by'NW COO: $3000.
George F. and Emma' L. Burnett (owner)
with D Emerson (contractor), architect
ah wnrk except mantels. ¦ gas . fixtures and
shades for a 2-story frame building (two flats)
on lot on S line of Waller street. 150:3 W of
Shrader W 25 by S 137:6; $3800.
Gladding, McBean & Co. (owners) with Gray
Bros (contractors), architect Clinton Day—Ex
cavating pumping, concrete . work, ¦ footings,
wall-, and piers for building on S line of Minna
Itreet 331 E of .Third. S 80:0«..B 1:9«, S
80-0% E'60:2%. N 80:0%; W 1:7, N 80:0%.
w'00:5i4; $4650.- y ,, ' • Q .^__ V
Mutual Bavinw Bank of . San Francisco
( owners) with Home Manufacturing . Company
(criUractors).. architect William Curlett—In
terior hardwood finish from second story up
ward for 10-story bank building i on - lot on S
Hne^of Gearv street, 30:0 W/ of Kearny. W
"S; 8 38:2%. : SE 52:9%. ; NE 53:08%; N
William Olsen (owner) '. with Schanz & Orun
dy (contractors), architect •-. — : Sewering,
plumbing and gasfltting for a 3-story basement
and attlo frame building (3 flats) on lot com
mencing at a point 70 feet from SE corner of
Flllmore and -Hayes streets; S 48:2 00;
$1398.'.--'. '-":.'' : --i .*'."¦• '..:«¦¦ : '¦ ¦' ' "'-* : : " -•¦¦•'-•;
Mrs. Bessie Magulre (owner) with Felix Mar
cuse- (contractor), architect .none— All :•- work
fora' 2-stcry , frame building ¦ on lot r on 1 W 1 lne
of Fifth avenue. ? 175 Nof x Lake street, N' 25
by ;W ( 120; $2445 - . '
Builders' Contracts.
J. A. and Margaret Eastman and Emily K.
Latham (by J. B. Lanktree, commissioner) to
Honors Blais, lot 6. block K, Map Latham
Terrace Brooklyn Township; $1423. ~
Charles W. and Margaret G. Hunt to War
ren A Rouse lot on N line of Ninth r street,
75 E of Clay, E 25 by N 100, lot 28, block
117, Kellersberger's Map, deed made to cor
rect "description in deed same date, Oak
land: $10. • . '
Josephine L. • and Charles F. - Girard to M.
V H Cooley lot on N line of Sixth street,
100 W of Harrison, W 25 by N 100, lot 24,
block 63 same map, subject, to mortgage lor
$1160, Oakland; $10. " ;
Nancy" AUgusta Little (wife- of S. Little) to
Josephine L. Girard (wife of C. F. Girard),
lot on S line of Caledonia avenue, 173.67 B of
Grove street, E 60 by S 141:6. lot' S6, Map
Caledonia Homestead, subject to mortgage for
$2000 Oakland: $10.
Louis Rhea to Wlnnlfred Rhea, lots 1 and
2, block 2089, Map Paradise plat In North
Temescal, Oakland: $1. ¦
Georee W Austin (single) to Adam T. Tun
ley lot on W line of Filbert street. 76 S cf
Twenty-sixth. S 25 by W 75, block K, map
survey northern extension ' of Oakland, Oak
la F^ederlck and Charlotte H. Elliott to Carrie
E Bridge (wife of Henry S. Bridge), lots 13
and 14, block C. Map Gaskill Tract, correction
of deed recorded December 26. 1S95, \Oak
1£L W : D^Gelette to Elizabeth R. Gelette, lot on
NE line of Central avenue, 50 NW of Third
avenue NW 50 by NE 100. portion block CO.
C1 J n ulia'S t Sfflff-'to" a* J/ Woodbnry.. lot
on S corner of East Twelfth street and Seventh
avenue SE 100 by SW 75. block 33. same.
E Barb^ra a Ffund 10 to Pfunt to Lo ula' Ptund. lot
on E line of Redwood avenue, 139.37 N of Tob
?IV street N 45.23 by E 125. being lot 20, N
io r e3 feet of lot 25 and S 4.60 feet of lot 27,
man Frultvale Park, Brooklyn Township; gift,
q^llna F Woodbridge to Emellite Carter, lot*
01 23 1 27 'to 30, 41 and 42, block. B, map.re
subdlv'islon block B. Prospect Hill Tract,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
All the property of the App Consolidated
Gold Mining Company r- in Tuolumne
County has been transferred to the Raw
hide Gold Mining Company, with the ex
ception of the New Albany mine. Pay
ment is made. In stock of the Rawhide
tual Investment Union, 3.48 acres, beginning
at a point on line marked A B, plat subdi
vision map of Bowman Tract, near Oakland,
distant 340.60 K from point marked A, said
point being at intersection of Bowman Pied
mont Park and Pleasant Valley Farm tracts,
thence NE 6.02 chains. NB 44 chains, SB 6.81
chains, SE 1.81! chains, SW 11. 50 chains to be
ginning', being i subdivision 2 A in part j A
subdivision, map of Bowman Tract, etc., Oak
land Township; also 4.01 acres, beginning at
point of intersection of E line of Lake ave
nue with line marked A I on aforesaid plat,
said point being distant 182 NW of A, thence
NE 4.09 chains, NE 4.14 chains, RE 3.45
chains, SW 6.92 chains, SW 5.16 chains. NW
2.70 chains to point of beginning, being sub
division 3A in part . A, same map, Oakland
Township; $10. • ¦ ¦ \ . .
James and Joseph Warner, J. - J. Rauer,
James Sutherland et'al. (by Clarence Crowell,
commissioner) to J. ? H. Lenehan, lot on NE
line of East Kighteenth street, 50 NW of Sixth
avenue, NW 100 by NE 100, block 104, Clinton.
East Oakland: $2500. _ .• ¦ : ..
. An English company will exploit a large
deposit of nitrate of sodium and potas
sium located at the south' end of the
Slate Mountain Range in San Bernardino
County.* . , . :
Thirty locations have been j bought by
the Mojave Copper Company near.Mojave
for $10,500. ¦
Operations will be resumed this summer
on the Alaska mine in Sierra County at
Pike City by a new company, which pro
poses to drive a 6500- foot tunnel from Ore
gon Creek to ; tap. the . ledge at a depth of
about 1500 f <*Ci below the old workings,
which were abandoned because of water.
OPEBATIONS IN COUNTIES.
The net result will be to increase the profit
margin on -ore mined- to; the, --maximum pos
sible, and to increase tKe quantity that can be
profitably mined, for. the minimum grade that
will pay then will be less than the minimum
that will pay now by the sum 'of the- profits
now earned by, samplings works, railroads, cus
tom smeltlnsf works I and - custom mills. The
common condittona that . affect - the income to
the owners from^ these : > Creek mines
will be made such: that 'the, income will be thj
largest possible instead of being as now the
opposite of this. vC . : . ' .
A common schema. of tunnel opemnKcan be
planned and • built, 'so that gravity drainage
and transportation ; can': be provided at the
minimum of an. equitably distributed flat cost
to the several mines consolidated. The con
solidation, including the new Portland mill,' Its
capacity doubled as 1 planned, • or trebled if
needed, the .- ore" reduction 0) charges will- be
brought down to flat cost. Including the in
dependent line of ; railroad,'. the ore transporta
tion charge will be made cost or less than
cost. The ton labor cost, of "or« production win
be decreased by/ doing less* dead work. An
additional economy, will be effected by buying
less plant in proportion ,to ore production, by
buying plant and all supplies cheaper, by the
less costly and superior accounting system
that can.be used, by owning and operatiru
common sampling- ,.and concentrating works
and assay plants. •'--: *:¦ f ; - v .• " " ' ¦ : •
The incentive j to combination has been
found in the ; decrease in the j average
profit 'margin ' to 'the 'mine owner. The
Mining and Scientific Press taking part
In the discussion takes this view:
FIND , AN INCENTIVE.
~> According to' the best information* avail
able; tn^. scheme for, the consolidation of
the mining companies iof ; Crippel Creek Is
a* yery» large £one, "The*; Colorado mine
owners ),have/orgranize£; Van. association,
and; the'CrippIe'Creek-prpposition follows
close iifter.i Joint ownership is not aimed
at, but joint" op^ratiton of i the means that
are "necessary to f.the ; welfare of all. By
this is meant, x for one thing, the opening
of tunnels of general benefit, and foran
other the pumping for common protec
tion and^transportation. Much discussion
has taken Vplace concerning the consoli
dation on ;.account of the magnitude of
the : interests involved, and also because
the 'economies '"^o.be effected are supposed
to be great. 'Attention has been called by
the Mining '•' and i Scientific 'Press to the
fact, that," whHe the customs smelters
have:, been':;, combined, and the customs
mills' are; working with a common under
standing 1 ,* the market cost of reducing the
ores;., has f; been -increased, because the
1 two frAohopblles; 'working" together," had
the power, to increase the costs and their
profits 'without, .losing- ! the ¦ business
through competition. ' Ore' transportation
charges have been lowered by: the con
struction by one. of the mining- companies
at Cripple Creek of an Independent rail
road. The old railroad has combined
with the smelters and mills in an attemp.t
to make transportation by the indepena
ent road unprofitable. ' •
Improving tHe Shining j |
, ; ; ; ; . ' Hoursi';-7 ' ' ; ''¦/ :
California Ore i Seekers Are
Modern Conditions Bring
Big Problem to Crip-'
pie Creek. ¦;
William Beats Jr., mining expert, of Beais &
Whittle of Boston, who examined the Dewey
mine at Thunder Mountain, fays the average
value of the ore is less than $3 per ton at the
mill and there are neither : veins nor lodes on
Thunder Mountain. It is simply a placer de
posit ' influenced - by. geyser aatlon. . There are
two kinds of gold, placer and geyser, the for
mer the more valuable, the latter carrying a,
considerable proportion of silver. • Mr. Baals
states that the Idea of there being $125,000,000
in the Dewey mine or even a small . fraction
of that amount is a gross misrepresentation of
actual facts. "
The Mining and Scientific Press is au
thority for * the s following concerning
Thunder Mountain: .
The Voltaire district seems- to hold the ban
ner at the present time for new finds. At the
Deitrich mine the boys are still taking out ore
and a carload will be shipped to Selby before
the month has passed. - At the False Alarm
claim a new find was made Thursday by Judge
Massey and Professor Roberts. They ran. a
drift from the shaft to the north and' founl
the ledge in place, "ft ¦ being- two feet -wide.
This was' not expected,' as a . shaft had been
sunk only a few weeks past and the ledge did
not show, it having been missed by only a few
inches.' A contract was- 'let to the Strauta
brothers yesterday to run fifty feet of shaft
on the ledge. Johnny Vieira, who la mining
north of this claim, has also uncovered what
looks - like a good-paying ledge. He is down
twenty feet and f was about . to give up thft
work when a shot broke Into pay ground. His
property, shows a big ledge and should It con
tinue, to Improve he will have a bonanza in a
short time, as his. ledge is the largest on the
hill. Will Fotherglll and Professor Brannon
have also what appears to be a ledge in their
holdings and they will continue to sink on the
property. - This district is exciting considerable
interest. ; . .'
The Carson Appeal says:
NEVADA IS HOPEFUL.
Three claims have been bonded at
Esmeralda, Calaveras County, by. S. W.
Payne of San Francisco.' The Sparrow
hawk and Never Thought quartz mines
at Jeaus Maria have been sold to Hay
wood & Hamilton of San Francisco. The
French - Hill quartz mine at Jesus Maria
has been bonded by F. O. Cortmarsh. —
The : Tuolumne Independent says that
money hae been raised to pay off all the
indebtedness on the Mack quartz mine at
Big Oak Flat and that the company will
be reorganized to work the property.
Stanford &. Estee. are working steadily on
Table Mountain on the Doyle ranch.
: According to the Sonora Union-Demo
crat, the Bourbon mine in the Knights
Creek country has been bonded to H. C.
Dodds of Oakland. The 'Yellow Rock
mine, a recently discovered property, has
been bonded to J. T. Newcomer.
THE MOTHEB ; IiODE. > .
The Amador Ledger reports that a^new
hoist at the east shaft .of ¦> the? Kennedy
mine and an additional mill are proposed.
The mines are contracting for large quan
tities of round timbers- to '¦ be delivered
from the mountains of Amador ' County
this season. This is due to the advanced
prices of lumber at the yards at tide wa
ter.. The logging' camps of Amador
County will be kept, busy by the mining
demand. A body of - ore has been 'found
on the 800-foot level of the "Bunker Hill
mine that is estimated by the Ledger at
$10 a ton. Twenty additional stamps have
been started at the .Central Eureka mine.
A survey has been 'made at the Sargent
mine at Middle Bar to determine -whether
the lode line runs through the center of
the claim. If the answer is affirmative a
large amount of development work will be
performed. . •
The Redding Searchlight says of the
opening of the Niagara mine that work
will be resumed op a very j large scale.
The property has been idle several years,
with the exception of some work done by
leasers, while it was owned by a syndi
cate of Hollanders. V Sinking from the
O'Neil level, the lowest on the property,
will begin soon. ' ¦'• , ¦
Two strikes are reported by the Grass
Valley Tidings-Telegraph, in srNevada
County. One is in the Central shaft. The
other is in the old North Star mine, which
is reported to be in the, *; east drift. The
Tidings-Telegraph says:,, - -' -. jv ' ;
Every cloud ha'3 a silf%r lining and .the cloud
of dullness and quietness in our mining circle?
seems to be about to pass away and % reaction
of, eood times and a better awl* more substan
tiiil feeling w!ll prevail. . The two strikes men
tioned will do much. . ¦'• ' . : ;- . . ¦. • ~ N •
i.The 'Continental -'.mine.; in • Calaveras
County, formerly 'known 'as. the Eudora,
will have a vn«w j five-stamp mill. The
Paragon mine. may- resume. v An examina
tion of the mine and plant was made re
cently. . v ' ",-,,¦¦>
NOKraEBN : : COUNTIES .ACTIVE.
. The Yreka Journal says that the quartz
ledge on the backbone,' between Green
horn and Cherrjr Ledge, .recently bought
by: Whipp: & Ironsides,, i promises well.
Concerning general operations in Siakiyou
County, the Journal reports : ' ¦ ; :
At Quartz Valley. . MugginsvHle, Oro Fino
and Patterson Creek, mining is carried on with
energy at present,- since .water is- abundant for
all purposes, to operate hydraulic, elevators,
giants quartz mills. -etc., and to ground sluice
an'l box sluice to greatest ¦ extent. The miners
all along - the Klamath '» In ' the Selad Valley.
Hamburgh, Scott River and Happy - Camp dla
trlctc, are all -busy with their giants and ele
vators besides ground sluicing while "water i«
plentiful, and will take out considerable gold
this season. Quarts ledges are also being found
in the Harpy Camp section, which prospect
rich and that country is full of mlnera hunting
ledges, with likelihood of success.
Company. .'The property transferred con
sists of the Rawhide and App mines and
mill .v sltes.ithe > Heslep. and Hitchcock
quartz mines and the Martin, Nevills and
Ballard placer mines and ' other , property
near . Jamestown." * ;• • .
"According ' to - the Mother Lode. Banner
Charles iD.t Lane has a large force of men
at work;on acclaim near Jacksonville. A
strike Is reported on the j Hull claim at
the , top; of. the river, hill on the Ward's
Ferry road. ; -'. The i Monterey mine ' at Big
Oak flat will be operated by -Dr. Roberts
and associates.' An offer, for the mine was
recently refused. - The -'Cosmopolite mine,
on the divide between Big Oak Flat and
Groveland, is being developed by H. C.
Merrill of ; San -i Francisco. -The new ore
body in the New -Era mine is showing up
well.'--;- -,.:-' -r.:v--.-:V ; r: *'^ ¦¦¦-'.• .-¦¦-¦
. The Alta California -gravel mine in Ne
vada County has been ' sold by , I. Haas
and I. Stein to Charles EJ. and, Loula Haub
of San i Francisco.- 'The: property adjoins
the Holbrook -' mine • on ¦• the > Rough and
Ready road. In ; the location are included
140 acres. Several shafts: have been sunk.
PROPOSE GREAT
MINES COMBINE
13
MONEY TO LOAN— Continued.
C4.FH loaned salaried people on note without '.
'•ndorscr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bWg.
(;,OANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eaetern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
Ml SI CAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are closing out the Hallet & Davis
agency on account of the sale of that, con-
cern to a cheap factory, we will sell new
Hallet & Davis $350 etyles for $165/ 200
pianos. 20 different makes to select* from;
H-rr.f special bargains:
1 Bourne $47
1 Weber j, 65
. 1 Knabe 95
1 Marshall 135
3 Smith & Barnes |135 to o 40
2 Steinway 265 to 3S5
3 Heine 235 to 385
2 Chickenng 195 to 280
5 Organs !5 t0 35
Rents, $2; installments. $3. or your owa
terms. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall
¦ 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemlnglv . advantageous
preposition* are offered in the way of prices
arid terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them but car
offer pxceiitionally fine pianos and largest
a."£ortment cf best makes to choose from
fHF,RMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers' !
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S F.; Broad-
v.ay and Thirteenth sts, Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and <ul! purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
rnce; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
p?ano from us. KOHLER & "CHASE 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1S50. '
atti:ntion. bargain-hunters—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Pccond-hand square pianos from $50 Up.
S(-cond-hand organs from $25 up; new upright-
V pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
BARGAINS are only bargains when you are
enabled to get value received. You pet more
than that in every piano purchased from us.
We eell the Wissner. Baumeister and Stod-
ard. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st.
?5O — ROSEWOOD piano for sale; cost $400; on
$5 installments. 1309 Gough, near Geary.
Sell privately., your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post.
YOU may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 500 Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALL"EN CO.. 931 Market st.
Steck, Everett. Ludwig and ether good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
sold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st.
A FIXE Steinway upright. left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
SNAP — 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalosue,$250. Bruenn,20SPost.
$170;srreat sacrifice ;almost new upright.Schmiti
• & Co.. 1C McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
BYRON MAT'ZY. SOS-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
tn"5 other pianos and pipe organs.
Sl'IERIOH violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI.'LLFR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LET.
FINE, roomy, new building, suitable for whole-
eaU house; in the new business district; con-
taining 16.0C0 square feet; low rent. SPECK
& CO.. COT Market st.
TO LET — A store at 1105 Buchanan St., near
Golden Gate ave. Inquire 1061 Golden Gate.
LARGE, roomy store. K nice living rooms. 63"
O'Farrell St.. near Kyde.
•J 'JTORE with large basement, below Kearny;
J\ alterations to suit tenant 636 Clay, room 1.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates j. get figures. J.
C. ROMAI.VE, 640 G. G. ave. : tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
MljET^rXTl^E^GAARD^reads l"tTT 700
Post St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Teylcr St.. bet. Geary and Post;tel.Black 561.
PERSOXALS.
VIA VI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years; it cured hundreds of ailing women in
its first year and has cured thousands of cof-
ferers every year since; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co.,
2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 282. San
Francisco.
AN elegant line of remnants for cults to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free'of charre; other suits on Install-
ments, fl- weekly. L: LEMOS. 1117 Market
st.. betweeu Seventh sr.d Eig-hth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 HO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
EVERYBODY admires my switches and my
first-class bair work; kalrdresslng, 25c;
shampooing. 50c G. LEDERER, 123 Stock-
ton Et.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
NOW ready— June Etyles Standard Patterns;
ell the newest designs for rummer goods. J.
W. EVANS, 1021 Market et.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
taiior. 721 Market st.
HONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
* or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
• CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A — IJ your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O' Farrell ;send for circular.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothir.g- Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1710 Buchanan ; .tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O' Farrell: country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
. instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costume?, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
i)B. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25c; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 jisjrc-*. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
P1IVSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
. HUPTUKE and plies cured; no pay until cured:
no operation: no detention from business; all
pri\ - ate diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dit. Fordcn & Pcrterfleld, C Turk.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
J021>4 Market fct.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.'
REAL ESTATE CrTV — FOR SALE.
"OCEAN VIEW" is booming; finest car service
in the world; every 10 minutes.
You will never eecure a suburban home in
P sight of "Old Ocean" as-cheap as now. Cot-
Ftages and building lots at a bargain.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa Bt.. Ocean View.
A FIXE rooming house; nets $300 per mo.;
5L rent *«0; price $4500; easy terms. WELLS
¥ & SAU.VDKRS. C30 Market gt.
" SPLENDID hotel and bar: rent $75: Income
$250; price $2500; easy terms. WELLS &
SAUNDEP.S. C30 Market aU ,
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished, and
stable, at San Anselmo; late residence of
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D. D. Apply to
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 322 Montgomery et.. or
ALEX. BOUICK. Ean Anselmo.
BARGAIN — New 5-room house, all modern Im-
provements; bieh finished basement; on car
line; email amount cash, balance like rent.
Owner on premises, Chenery & Falrmounl.
TO let — Cottage: stable: 2 chicken-houses; 210
Chenery- st.; lot 100x320. J. B. LEWIS. 436
Montgomery st.
NICE cottage out In Mission: driveway and
stable attached; modern lmprprementa. 213
Guerrero et. ..... ..,*,"
HOUSE and two lots: 4 rooms, basement; near
electric cars. Address box 949. Call office.
— *"— " »^—^^^^™*"—^^^~*~™»»~^^^^—^—«
REAL. ESTATE: — -COCXTRT — For Sale
510.000 — THE prettiest orchard home In Santa
Clara Co. ; good enough for "Harriman" ; ele-
gsnt buildings; on electric car line; easy ;
terms.
$350 — Splendid chicken ranch, near Peta-
luma, of 10 acres; easy terms.
$^500 — Elegant orchard and chicken ranch;
Fpiendid buildings ; income $1800 per annum.
WELLS,' SAUNDERS & CO.. 630 Market st. I
, FOR SALE — 6 miles from Haywards, $2800;
k 120 acres hill land, V* plow land, % pasture;
r~ i<lenty wood and water; email orchard; house,'
¦ barn, chicken houses, wagons, farming: im-
plements,' 10 head of cattle, 2 horses, 73
• hlckens. Apply to S. D. WARREN & SON.
Haywards. ~ % . .
tar.ta Clara Valley. Ban Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTEH. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. €34 Market. S. F.. & Ean J.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
n'EAIi ESTATE^OJUXTRY—Foi^Sale
BEAUTIFUL suburban liome about 15 acres.
San Leandro road, Elmhurst; electric cars
pass, property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of finest
eeml-troplcal and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY. owner. Elmhurst.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands In
large and small tracts In Alameda, San Joa-
quln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR. Realty and Mln-
lng Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma. Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California et., for
pamphlets and Information.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
EAUSALITO Land and Ferry Company offers
at low prices and easy terms lots, blocks,
acres and villa sites, choice suburban homes
and business property; 3O minutes from San
Francisco; climate and scenery superb: can't
be excelled: call on the agent for particulars.
THOMAS McMAHON. 323 Montgomery St.,
or at office 'of company, Sausalito.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEPA , REATi ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE and estate properties for sale.
See the Alan-.eda Land Company.
$1500 — The cheapest piece of property ever
offered In Alameda; fine home. 8 rooms an'l
bath; lot 62x160; bet. Chestnut and Morton-st.
stations: a snap. ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
$2000 — NEW cottage, 5. rooms; lot 40x120; south
frontage. . [" ''
$1080 — Lot 40x120: Santas Clara avenue,
near Morton St.; will' build •> suit.
¦J...H. f YOUNG,
o 1243 Park st. .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR rent— June 1, 1902, elegantly furnshed
new house, 11 rooms and. bath; choicest
neighborhood in town; marine view from
every floor: ?90 per month for 1 year or
$85 for 2 or more years on lease. W. C.
MORAN & CO. ¦
FOR rent — (Unfurnished) August 15, 1902, new
house of 9 rooms, artistic and complete in
every modern detail: fine marine view; gas
and electricity, beautiful porches; rent S40.
W. C. Moran & Co., Schmidt block. Berkeley.
$2000 — ?100 DOWN. bal. $20 per month, in-
cluding interest; new 6-room cottage, high
basement, nice little barn: biggest snap m
town. W. C. MORAN & CO.
IT is very convenient to be able to get hot
•water without having- to light a fire; it can
only be done with the aid of the "Sunshine
Water Heater."
I will sell you a well-built 9-roora hcuse,
with window shades, combination fixtures;
fine corner lot; and throw In a "Sunshine
Water Heater," all for $3500.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley Sfo.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc ; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALEREAIiE STATE.
FOR sale — 5 acres. Rose ave. and High st..
Frnltvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$300 CASH, $6 monthly; cottage of 3 rooms;
eood barn, chicken houses, fine well of water,
assorted orchard: 3 nn«s lots. 75x100: street
macadamized; school, church. Town Hall and
observatory and 2 grocery stores; over ' 100
families now located; sandy loam soil; no
fegs nor raw winds here; 2 blocks from
boulevard and electric car line; adjoining
East Oakland; has fine grand view; price
In all, $800; a fine bargain. Call or send for
circular. 455 7th et., opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
A MAGNIFICENT home in Alameda; offered'
for $16,000; worth much more; owner gone
East; 8 room* and bath; 75x175; swellest part
of town; built 2 years ago. S. M.' DODGE &
BON, 1160 Broadway. Oakland.
NURSERYMEN. ATTENTION! ~~~
$2000 for an acre of land, nursery stock,
house of 5 rooms; near car line; Just the place
to make money. S. M. DODGE & SON, 1160
Broadway. Oakland. ¦ .
FOR BALE — House ten 'rooms, large lot. 10
blocks from P.O.: a bargain; going to leave
town. Call at 1724 Webster St.. Oakland.
E. E. BUNCE, 952 Broadway — 12 small farms
for Bale; Investigate; quick for bargains. E.
E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAN^I^FOTIN^TJ^RJ^^O^L^SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
ECHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
CITY QF^ RICH.MOyD.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
The Santa Fe R. R. Co.,
The Standard Oil Co..
The Southern Pacific R. R. Co.,
Each of them think that tbe city of Richmond
has a big future.
WHY NOT WAKE UP YOURSELF*
Invest your savings where you can make a
sure and early profit. Think what the city of
Richmond will be a year from now with all the
Immense establishments there.
WHAT WAS IT A YEAR AGO?
WHAT IS IT NOW?
IT IS TO BE THE COMING MANUFAC-
TURING CITY OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Openings for all kinds of- business.
LOTS FROM $180. LOTS FROM $180.
$5 PER MONTH. $5 PER MONTH.
BUY NOW! BUY NOW! BUY NOW!
If you are earnestly seeking a sure means of
making money rapidly. . " • > ¦
Official map of the city of Richmond mailed
free.
. RICHMOND LAND CO. ' (Inc.),
Room 182, Crocker Building. S. F.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and sclar flats, 525-531 Turk— Hot'and
cold water baths, electric lights free; fur-
nished or unf ur. ; tel. East 312, Sutter 41. ;
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal etove, $12 to $20.
EDDY,' 724 (middle flat) — Fine front room,
newly and well furnished; sun all day; hot
and cold water, bath, phone, with 2 other
well-furnished rooms, all complete for house-
keeping; every convenience; see them; suit-
able for 2 or 4 adults; reasonable.
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping; 3, $12;
3, $20; 2 beds; also bath; single, $4 up.
GROVE. 798 — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; bath and gas.
HOWARD, 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny partly
furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
HYDE, 408— Sunny parlor suite & kitchen; $18;
also basement suite, yard, laundry; other suite.
MINNA, 281, cor. 4th — Furnished sunny house-
keeping; complete; cheap.
OAK. 117 — Nicely furnished sunny suite; $16
and $14; sink, gas range, bath, laundry,
phone; newly painted and papered.
STOCKTON, 1206 — Model house; newly furn.;
double h'B'k'p'g rms.; free gas; stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
ftubscriptions has been established at 100(i
Valencia St. ¦
BOOMS TO LET— Fara.' and Unforn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunny; 75c day upward; McAllister ckrs to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $S per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.-
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed
hands; 100 rooms' newly renovated ; 50c to
$1 CO night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A — EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary —
Sunny rms.; elngle, double; mod. conven'cea.
A — VENDOME, 1104 Market — Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suites.. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 142C Market (old No. .1364)— Fur-
nished rms.; suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 CO night; $1 50.. $6 week; open all night.
FOURTH, 597 — Sunny front bay-window rooms
nicely furnished; new house; $4 up. '
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnlsh-
,ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
JESSIE. 3(3. near Fifth and Market— Furnlea-
: cd. rooms, $4 per month .and up.,-''. , ¦„•-.¦.'
V - / ARTISTIC.FLORAL DESIGNS
. 'Prices Reasonable \
107 POWELL ST.«r«ELUS 2S£ 5056
ROO3IS TO LET— Furn. and Unfurn.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front and back
rooms, $S ; . housekeeping rooma, $9 and $11 ;,
¦ single. $4. .. _ J _ '•-":¦'•'
MARKET, 1032— A nicely furnished sunny
- front room, $2 a week; other rooms; $125
single; $1 50 double. ¦ ."'¦''
MARKET, 1344 — An' elegant suite of • sunny
rcoms, suitable for doctor. The above house
has changed hands. . " j i ¦¦
MASON, 210— Elegantly furnlshea rooms;
suites and single. . ••'..',
MINNA. 667. corner Sth— Newly furnished bay-
winfiow* room; $1 per week; transient. .-'_¦ '¦ "¦¦'
NATOMA, 282, rtear, ,' Fourth— 2 . unfurnished
rooms; water, sink and closets; rent $6.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished ¦ rooms anil
¦ offices; elevator; elec. lights; day,' week, mo.
POLK. 1539 — Large front rooW, running
water; hot bath;. $3 per month. . x .
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near ( Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, 943— Unfurnished, beautiful connect-
ing rooms, closets, gas. suitable for two; rear
house; entrance not objectionable; appreciated
if seen; alcove separate if desired; light hkpg.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. - --'¦". ¦ - '
ROOMS AND BOARD.
CORBIN. The. S36 Sutter St., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
; suits; all sunny; table first class. -, - •. •, '
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
&! family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
IRVINGDALE. 626 Eddy — Sunny rooms, en
suite or single; good table; reasonable. ' \ x ¦
LAMBOURNE. 420 E«dy — High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat. ' ':¦'.'
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy St., Is now under the
management of MRS. M. E. WILLIAMSON.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites: single rooms; first-class table board.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; 'collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. B5S0.
STORAGE AND. WAREHOUSES.
PIKRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co , of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S40;, shipping at cut rates. .-.-¦./
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 2SL '
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
. lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE — Kenilworth Inn; romantically sit-
uated In Mill Valley; 60 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; completely furnished; in good-
condition; 40 rooms; steam and hot waler
baths; electric lights; heaters throughout ;
elevators, etc. : rent low. Apply MADISON
&. BURKE. 30 Montgomery St.. or ROBERTS.
Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley. Cal. •
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G^EA^BXRGA^NTIlN^Typ^Sv^raRS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITJNG AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio: copies, 2c: mlm-'
eographing. 827 Markt. rm. 305; Howard 1539.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
1^ ~ — — — . — -
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co., room
; 16, second floor. Mills building, San Fran-
cisco, May 6, 1902.— Dividend No. 200 of 42c
per share en tne capital stock of the Contra
O*6ta' Water Co. will be payable at the office
_ of said company, . room 16. second floor. Mills
¦ building, on May 15, 1902.. Transfer books
- - will close on May It. 1902, it 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: i
William T. Padgett, 33, 475 Fourth street,
and Clara C. lessen, 23, 475 Fourth street.
John Tobin, 23, 328 Howard street, and Ellen.
Batchelor, 22, 23% Sixth street. -
Frank M. Baker. 30. Pasadena, and Lottie
M. Tally. 23, Peoria.. 111.
Nelson A. Eckart, 23, Electra, and Edna J.
Donaldson, 22, 2828 Washington street.
William J. H. Barnes, 27, 659 Clay street,
and Elizabeth P. Keattch, 26, 1006 Clay street.
Giovanni Stefani, 31, Guerneville, and Rosina
Gelli, 19. Guerneville.
Eugene Landbeck, 36, 956 Harrison street,
and Ernestine Woelfel, 35, 956 Harrison street.!
Ernest G. Bean, 25, 16tt Albion avenue, and
Mae Le Ballister. 21, 416 Ivy avenue.
Julius Cerf, 24, 109 Eleventh street, and
Minnie A. Shea, 20, Sacramento, Cal. .¦
Ellwood H. Messec, 24, Oakland, and Maud
K. Venn. 24. 3002 Laguna street.
Michael Merkle, 40, 416% -Natoma street,
and Karoline Emer. 29. 416% Natoma street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA5ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the' name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
born. •¦-.; v
BARNES — In this city, May 12, 1902. to the
wife of R. L. C. Barnes, a daughter.
KLEIN— In South San Francisco, i April 30,
1902, to the wife of E. Klein, a son.
MARBIED.
BARNES— KEATTCH— In this city, May '12.
1902, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
William J. H. Barnes and Elizabeth P. .
Keattch, both of San Francisco.
HOLLAND— ROGERS— In this city. May 7.
1902, ' by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
George H. Holland and Ethel J. • Rogers,-
both of Oakland. "
DIED.
Barfred, Edward A. Imoda, Rev. Henry
Bradley, Evelln - Isaacs, Mrs. Rosalia
Flnlayeon, James ' Jewell, Edward H..
Flanagan, Winifred Levy, • Rebecca
< Friedlander, Samuel Levy, Sam
Furlong, > Mary' A. Loftus, John
Gamier. Etienne J. Moroney. Kate
Garrity, Richard I. Ross. Ellen .
Goldtree, Nathan Skinner, George A.
Horat, Domenica Tibbey, Charles A;
Hughes, Terrance J.
BARFRED — At South San Francisco, May 10,
1U02. Edward Anton Barfred, a native of
Copenhagen, aged 04 years.
(ET'Friends and acquaintances and' mem-
ber of George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A.
R., are respectfully Invited . to attend the
funeral Wednesday, May 14, 1902, at 1
o'clock, from Improved Order of Red Men's
Hall, 320 Post street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of George H.
Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. R. Remains at
tbe parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Under-
taking ComDany, .1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery. ' ¦ : .
BRADLEY — In this city, May 11, 1902, Evelin^
dearly beloved daughter of John and Mary
Bradley, and sister of May, John and Willie
Bradley, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 7 months and 1 day. *
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
¦' of her parents, 328 Linden avenue Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FINLAYSON — In San Rafael, May 9 1902
Janus Finlayson, a native of Canada aged
68 years. - ° •
ITJPFrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, May 14, at 10 o'clock, from 905 Turk
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.'-
FLANAGAN — In this city. May 11, 1902 Wlnl
fred Flanagan, devoted mother of James!
HENRY J.~ GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher 4
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth et., oppoalte Lincoln School.
• Telephone South 80. , . i
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE "CITY. v
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367.--. ' "¦,,;:
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS;
' -Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager 'for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with. the same company for 10
,. years; P. F. Green, late with ' J. C. , O'Con- -
- nor & Co.. have - opened new] Funeral Par-
lors at 1171- Mission *t.V between' Seventh
. and Eighth. :. Telephone South 44..v\.Y
An additional charge of 20
cents to pay. expressasre Trill
be required from' out ot town
subscribers ordering by mall.
A car-load of Cook Books
has Jnst arrived from Chicago
and they are ready fur distri-
bution ' at t!ie business - office
of thin paper. All Call sub-
scribers are entitled to a copy
of this srreat Cook ' Boole at
the premium s price of fifty
cents. '
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
TOYO USER- EAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS NIPPON MARU Friday. May 8th. 1903
ESi AMERICA MARU...
Wednesday, June 4th, 19C3
S3. HONGKONG MARU
. Saturday June 2Sth, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced > rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First. .
W. H. AVERY." General Agent.
Occasflcssxo. ; sbk&s
VVVWMBV wv> vvt CIRECf LINE TO TAHITI.
SS. VENTURA, for Korvtfulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. May 22. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu ..;....
; .Saturday, May 31, 2 p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, lor Tahiti.....* '. ¦
....Sunday, June 9, 10 a. m.
I P.SPBICKELS 4 BBQS.CO, General Aits., 329 Maritf
Gen Pass, dice, 643 Market si, ftsi la. 7. Pacilc St.
PANAMA R. R. W
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $103; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Leelanaw... Sails Tuesday, May 13
S. S. ............ ...
S. S
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. in.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cla Siid Americana da Vapoies
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m.
GUATEMALA.. May 17[COLOMBIA ...June 21
PALENA .... -May 31|TUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly | for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) . Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
OCEAN TBAVX&.
COXPAGNIS GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQC3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jt-»»_
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of ¦tffcrejjgHfc
Saturday, at 10 •: m., from Pier 42. i>W™*
North River, foot ot Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAU
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI S» CO., Padfle Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
, - REU STAR LINE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kenslngn.May 28. noonlFrlesland.June 11. noon
Zeeland.-.June 4. noonlSouthwrk.June 18,noon
". INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y 3t.
~> AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOXDON.
Philadel.May 29. 10 am 3t. Louis. June 11, 10am
St. Paul.. June 4, 10 am Phlladel.June 18. 10 am
EAT AN3> BIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamera GEN. FRISBIE or HONTICELLO
9:45 a. in 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day.- Sunday. »:4G a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo T a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday.- Sunday, '7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 3d
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
offlee. ¦'- pier 2. Mi»slon-»tT««t dock. HATCH
BROS. MOIl
jfamlwrgrJtmerican.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS • SERVICE.
¦ FLYMOUTH— CHERBOURO-^-HAMBURG. .
A. Victoria ...May 22|Columbla ...... .Jun« 5
F.' Bl3marck: ...May. 29 1 A; Victoria. ::.June'17
TWIN-SCREW. PASSEXGER SERVICE
: '-. PLTMOUTH-tCHERBOURG^HAMBURG.
. Waldersee • .....May, 20 |PretorlaV..'. ... . June ¦-. 7
Pennsylvania -. . May . 27 1 Moltko ........ June 10
Hamburg-American Line, 37, B'way, M. Y.
- HERZOG ' & CO.;' General \Asrents tor Pacific
Ccast. 401 California at., San Francisco.
SSGK HEADACHE
Positively cored toy these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eatipg. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste ini the Month, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They «
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill, Small Dose."!
Small Price. -¦
There U no fuel that will compare with eoka.
Delivered In any quantity. Country order*
•olicited. P. A. MCDONALD. 813 Fotaomrt.
naces and Cooking.
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Glean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*,^-" i Steamers leave Broadway
11^. Wharf. San Francisco:
PBRUIsss For Ketchikan, Juneau.
Hawwi^' Skagway. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
iln^jSgk m.. May 11. 16. 21. 2t>. 31.
KRV»3 >ta1| June 5. Change to com-
Sarar?5rt3H3 pany's steamers at Seatt'.c.
JH9Ht«9gS£| For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom —
11 a. m. May 11. 16. 21. 28. 31. June 5. Chanso
at Seattle to this Company's 3teamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
Mav 12 17 22. 2T, June 1. ,
Fo» Loa Angeles (via Port Los Angeles ana
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. '
• State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Sau Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon, Cayucos. San Luis ObUpo
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Hueneme ana
•Newport (*Bonlta only). _•'-¦»*,
Coos Bay. a. a. m.. May 14. 22, 30. June 7.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. May 10. 18. 26, June 3.
For Ensenada Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Ouaymas (Mex,)— 10 a. m.', «th each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sal!-
n^jQTC3TT mrPXCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C D DUNANJT. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
• . 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR • » J*- M.. JUNE I
VALENCIA » P- M.. JUNE T
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 2ft and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and eleeant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia' made rerular trips to Nome last - year. "
landing all passengers and freight without less,
mishap or delay. For passenger rate3 and Nome
folder, apply TICKET OFFICE. * New
Montgomery atreet (Palace Hotel).
C D. DUN ANN. Gen. Pass. Acent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
\O.'#?;*-JV.'CO,
, ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, aS
XiO'OT^ISS'X* XLA,TX:S.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May 3, 13. 23. June 2
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails May 8. 18. 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., U a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Mong*y. 8. F.
' * Lulu, Joseph- and Irene 'Flanagan, Mrs. Al
dMoss and .Mrs. E. Almas, a native of County
"Clare, Ireland, aged 56 years and 7 days.
¦- ! <E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited . to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 923 Harrison street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ' ;,-%. ¦•,':' ¦ • - ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ,
FRIEDLANDER^-In this city. May 12, 1902.
Samuel,: dearly beloved husband of Mary
Friedlander, and brother of Adohoh Fried-
lander.- a native of Germany, aged 60 years.
'¦¦-. (CNotlceof funeral hereafter.-. ¦-' ; ¦ .
FURLONG— In* Vallejo, Cal.. May 11, 1902,
..Mary "A./, beloved wife of ; the late Richard
¦Furlong,- and loving mother of Richard Fur-'
.long, ancl sister of- Mrs. E.' Doyle and John
'and Thomas Brown, a native . of County
Wexford,' Ireland, \ aged 48 years."
GARNIER— In this city. May 10, 1902, Etienne
Jeremie Gamier, beloved husband of Rose
Gamier, father of Silva and Ernest Gamier,
• and. brother of Auguste Gamier, a native of
' France, -aged u 35 years and 5 months. -
¦ . £5f Friends and acquaintances- are respect-
S fully lnVUed to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 12:30 Vclock. at his late
residence,- 548 Valencia street, thence to For-
. esters' Hall,' 102 O'Farrell street, where ser-
vices will be held under the auspices.of Court
Victorie No! 7811, A. O. F. -Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. , ¦ ¦ '
GARRITY— In Sausalito,; Cal.. "May 10. 19O2. ;
Richard I.; beloved son' of Mrs. Mary Gar-
' • rity and brother of . Mrs. J. A. - Fay, aged
( 30 years 10 months, and 10 days. -. .
fC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited - to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, thence to St. Mary's Church (Sausa-
lito),' where a solemn high mass will be cel-
ebrated for the repose of his soul, commen-
cing- at 10 o'clock. Interment Sausalito. ,
GOLDTREE— In this city, May . 11, 1902,
Nathan, beloved" husband of .Auguste Gold-
¦ tree,' afid ' father of 'Jrs. L. Blockman of
' San Diego and Morris, Sidney and Palmyra
Goldtree, a native of Germany, aged , tH
: year3. ¦ . ¦ . '
. cyFuneral and interment strictly private.
By request 1 , please omit flowers.-
HORAT— In this city, May 10, 1U02, Domenica
Horat, "a , native of France, aged 80 years.
HUGHES— In this city, v May 12, 1902, Tet-
rance J. Hughes, beloved husband of Ellza-
, beth Hughes, son of Mrs. Rosa Hughes, and
.' brother of James and John Hughes, a native
of San Francisco, aged. 38 years'. (Vallejo
, papers please copy.) . •
IC7"RemaIns at the parlors of United Un-
dertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street. Notice of
¦ funeral hereafter. ¦ . ¦' ¦
IMODA— In -.this city, May 12, 1902, Rev.
Henry Imoda, S. J., a native of Italy, aged
70 years 5. months and 5 days.
ISAACS— In this city. May 12, ' 1902, Mrs.
Rosalia Isaacs, beloved mother of I. L.'
' Isaacs, Herman, David, Lena and Ray Isaacs
' and Mrs. Jj B. Glennie. and relict of the late
'" Moses -L. Isaacs, a native of Germany, aged
65° years, and 9 months. (San Jose papers
please copy.) • •• '
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, May 14, 1902, at 8 o'clock, from Charles
J. B. Metzler's . undertaking parlors, 630
v Washington street.- Interment at San Jose
• by 9 o'clock' train. . • • . ./
JEWELL^-In this city. May 11, 1902, Edward
Harris Jewell, beloved husband of Elizabeth
¦ Jewell,; father of Mrs. E. M. Best, Mrs. A.
D. Pratt, Mrs. L. Mulholland and the late
Mrs. L. Wittmer, and grandfather of Edwin,
Ethel and Walter Wittmer, A. J. Pratt and
L.H. Best, a native of New York, aged 71
years 6 months and 22 days.
- - E?"Funeral and Interment strictly private.
LEVY— In this city. May 12, 1902, Rebecca,
beloved: wife of the late Baruch Levy, and
mother of Mrs. Mary Cohn, Mrs. Anna Sam-
uel, Mrs. Betsy Cohn of San Francisco and
Mrs. P; Steler of Denver, Colo., a native of
¦ Kempen,- Prussia, a&ed 84 years. .. t . •
¦Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at- 10:15 o'clock, from her late
'. residence,' 418 Lily avenue. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, . by ,11 :40 o'clock train
from Valencia and Twenty-flfth streets.
LEVY— In this city. May 12, 1902, Sam Levy,
beloved eon of Jacob and Sarah Levy, and
brother of Hilda, Tillie, Albert, Milton and
Harold ' Levy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 yestm 10 months and 20 days.
C7NoticieiOf funeral hereafter.
LOFTUS-^-In this city, May 12, 1902, John
Loftus, aged 61 years. - ' -.
MORONEY— In this city. May 12, 1002, Kate,
¦widow of the late John Moroney, a native
of Ireiand. (Chicago papers please copy.)
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a ¦ solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
u soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Re-
mains at the funeral parlors of McAvoy &
Co., 1239 Market street, between Eighth and
. Ninth. ¦ .
ROSS— In this city, May 12, 1902, Ellen Ross,
a native of Ireland, aged 69 years*
SKINNER— In this city, May 11, 1902, George '
A. W., dearly beloved son of Alexander ana
\ Mary Skinner, and brother of Charles.' A. .
' w May L., Annie F., William N. and Hazel
V. Skinner, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years 1 month and 11 days. - .
C?" Friends iind acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services to-
day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence 505 Greenwich street, thence to
Mount. Olivet Cemetery.- . .
TIBBEY— In Stockton. Cal.. March 8, 1902
of heart disease, Charles Alfred Tibbey a
native of. Sydney, N. S..W.,: aged about 45
years. • „ . - -
ADVEBTISEMENTa
IFirst-Class Steamer
GENtENNIAL
3000 Tons Capacity, to
NOME
$50.00.
QuickTime. Rnefct Service.
CHAS. OONKLIN & CO., Agts. ,
710 Market Street. .
m ibAitl trio
mBBBmWBk ITTI P
JBfiBmHBa ¦ * ¦¦¦»CLEVER PEOPLE ? WHO ' ARE^f
¦APPEARING'NIGHTLY AT-L*©-; {
CAL THEATERS. -V.-.v- ''.'X - - •' -i
-! Farce 'comedy took the^ place of 'rural
drama at v the Alcazar. Theater :last. night
and the change . wasr more suited ' to the
clever stocki company. ', The -.. play _' was,
','Lbsf 24 Hours,'.' and It has" the' usual
amusing complications calculated to ; keep
the audience ¦ laughing." It, or something
Alcazar.
Chaplain David Howard Tribou,. D.D,
of the battleship' Wisconsin delivered an
interesting address to the Methodist Epis
copal ministers yesterday;- morning on
"The Relation of the Church to Political
Life." • Rev.. Franklin Rhoda led a de
-votional meeting at the "Presbyterian min
isters' ' meeting. • ¦ Professor • W."- W. Love
joy of t Oakland addressed •. the Congrega
tional ministers on - "The Cosmic Con
sciousness."
Ministerial Meetings.
•SUPREME- COURT AFFIRM* ORDER.—
,Th-5"; Supreme Court yesterday affirmed the or
der of the lower court denying to the Cyclops
flrori^Works- the -right to - use the • word. "Cy
j clops'! • In ; connection with machine repairing
\ or manufacturing. The owners of the Cyclops
I Machine -Works, plaintiffs In the suit, con
tended^ that they, had acquired property rights
Mri the'ise of .the.word; • . '
/. Small.' delicious chocolate-coated pellets for
constipation.-- biliousness, . sick headaches, dys
pepsia, ' 10c. • 25c. '• .t ¦¦ . .,- .• .-.«¦• ¦ •
V Adams^ Sarsaparilla Pills.
Grand Opera House. .•;-: :
An alleged comedy : called * "Rei'liy* .arid
the 400". attracted a.fair-slzed' ; audlehce -to'
the' Grand' Opera-house last •nlghC j.; : The
major | part of • those - presenti werit-'hbme
in relays before the close, of ..the perform
ance. If the play, has a* plot ioc a-, thread
of connection running between ani< two of, 1
the supposedly | humorous \ features,. In'- the.
three .painfully protracted acts the author
has concealed them; with, rigorous -care.'
The language and rendition* of ;the.;.so
styled < comedy .- extends* -at^ tinies; beyond •
the borders of the unrefined-. and. touches
on the vulgar. ; ', Occasionally tJ some . drie : In '
the 1 audience would laugh ispasmbdically
for reasons intelligible. to himself ] only.'. A:
. few people In .the more j elevated* portions
of the .theater, applauded;' mildly once,: or
twice. ». Outside .of. .these -sporadic', cases
the . play was received, in '~ gloomy •", silence.'
To help ; along the • spirit', of
the curtain- fell prematurely-during->,-the
last , act. and when > i t^ finally) did : d escend
per order it was generally* surmised • that
The memorial committee held a meet
ing at the .Hotel last evening.
At the services at the Presidio on Decora
tion day Judge A. J. Buckles will deliver
the oration and the Knickerbocker Quar
tet will- sing several selections! At the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery the Rev. Mr. Ma
comber, will make the oration and F. R.
Hendly will read Lincoln's address - at
Gettysburg. At the Metropolitan Temple
In the evening Samuel M. Shortridge will
deliver the oration.
Shortridge Will Be Orator.
; : At "a meeting of the Builders' Associa
tion, -held yesterday, .it was unanimously
agreed--:that a-i mass-meeting of all car
penter ; contractors .of. this city be held
Wednesday; evening. May U, at 8 o'clock
at the rooms. Of the Builders' /Association.
31S r Bush' street, for the .purpose of dis
cussing the labor, trouble with a
view of adjusting, the same.
Mass Meeting- to Be Held.
Petitions in insolvencyv were filed, yes
terday in the : United : States District
Court as follows:.- -. .'¦ ,
Hugh I* Adklns. • liquor dealer.- Stockton,
firm's liabilities $12,055; firm's assets, $8552;
Individual liability, : $5347;.- Individual ' assets,
$770. * . - ' .' •
James O'Brien & Co.; dry goods merchants.
San Francisco, filed their schedule • In Involun
tary Insolvency. They owe $25,947 and have
$(5147 assets. Of the debts .various sums from
$11 to *400 are due to employes. •,.'..
M S«haumer. '. capmaker, San Francisco, lia
bilities $2022; assets. $1000. = ,
Petitions in Insolvency.
¦- . ¦ :±, Orpheuinv'. .'..' > ?¦. '?;"<;.' - i.'^'\ '.
Mr. and Mrs.,. Alfred- '.Kelcey-v are'-. ', pre'^
senting a skit entitled i"Iri i vTrUgt*' at": the,
Orpheum this week' that isja.gem; Keicey.
impersonates g an; Irish ...pensioner, twith'.
8 reat clevern^s's ; arid^sufeceeds in .getting a.
great , deal of. pathos , and -^ of 5humor.;out<
of- his lines. vMrs' .Kelcey;;.is.'very;clever'
as the buxom widow. ' Mile. Qhester' with v
her $10,000 statue 'dog 1 is 'aVnoVeltyz-Vuch
as Is bound to please > Orpheum 'patrons. •
The control she has over, the; dog .is "won
derful.\ .Lew Sully Is very funny.-as-usual
and I the new biograph ¦'pictures', are. excel?.,
lent. The' rest- of the 'show, is up, to. the
standard. . , >. :¦¦- . .¦ ¦'¦'¦¦ -. .¦ •
It will be. grocers' day to-morrow, and
they and their friends will cross the '.bay
to Schuetzen Park , to enjoy themselves.
There will be all-sorts and conditions of
games' for old -and v young, - : and -prizes
ranging from $50 to a box of soap, and
the affair is in charge of Judge . W. W.
Hewitt. Chairman, John W. King, . An
nouncer P.- J. ¦ Kennedy, .President Mc-
Coy and Directors . 'Corcoran, ¦ Sullivan,
Ro we, Elmer," Lackmann and Keefe have
been working hard to make the day a big
success. : ¦ .
Grocers' Day Celebration.
h .The .Chutes Theater presented a strong
iprogramme; yesterday,! including the Wil
ton brothers,' triple .horizontal bar come
dians;" the / Hoste ; brothers, ~ eccentrics;
.Gorman and-Keppler, ' the "comedian and
the dancer; the.-. Petphing brothers, with
their musical: flower.,' garden; the Clipper
Quartet. .In J.'Uncle' Eph's: Dream"; Grant
and.'. QrantjC .colqred -comedians, and new
.moving pictures .by. the animatoscope. On
Thursday -night? amateurs will present a
ladles'. sack hurdle race.: :r.:r-;C
• ¦¦A.-.itestimQnial farewell . benefit will be
tendered /toVMlss Annette^/Marshall, the
.well-known'^r; actress, • at • the Central
Theater.'ne'xl;* Friday .evening, when, in
addition to 'thei spectacular melodrama,
"Tne 'World,".; in which' Miss Marshall
. makes* her' farewell -aupearance in this
¦city/there, will be nujrierous : specialties in
songs, -y- dances x and!., sketches by clever"
, actors and actresses; wno have volunteer
ed tfc'elr "services, for. the; Occasion. Miss
Marshall. has; played a long engagement
as leidinc ,iady*%t f the .Central. . She is in
receipt. of, flattering offers from a Chicago
playhouse'-, and , will probably- go thither
'shortly.' A' souvenir portrait of Miss Mar
shaU'.wilrbe given: away Friday night to
r every one' In" the audience. : •
Farewell 'Benefit" to Miss Marshall.
The second, week'of "The Singing Girt" I
f began last night at'the*Tivoll/ with-evef'y.
indication of continued:. siipces^ , "'All , s the
favorites of .this popular; playhouse
their lines cast' in 'pleasant, places aAd; do
full justice to" the;exactfhg:vocal»re<3uire
ments^of their. sever"al liarts.'Afinle Myers
i3 heard to advantage' In thte title -role: and
nightly wins -the "plaudits 'of- large/adui
ences for her clever rendition jpf. the'mijsle
allotted .to her.i- Frances Graham's-mag
nificent ' contralto is 'ia ; joy •; forever '.and
earns for her. well-merited- recalls. 'Arthur
Cunningham and Harold Gordon. !bpth
sing admirably, and .the fun.'of the. piece Is
contributed by; Ferris Hartfnan,* who:does'
Prince Pumpernickel- In line style," Harry.
Cashman and -Edward' Webb. • Thi». : pre
cious trio sing a/ song "Ani'l'Tlightr'i'ln
the last act which' is 1 well w6r^h.the..p^lce>
of- admission. ; The -chorus .artd^eti^inble'
singing well, "nicjh' : reaches; perfection.' due'
to the master.hand 1 of . the ' ledder,-' Stein
dorff. ;¦; • ."".v." ',; '¦¦%¦'--'¦ ¦¦'- .-.¦'-'¦' :'¦ '• y"""':
J", Julius McVicker. has been engaged by
•Belasco&.Thall to' play juvenile parts at
•Jthe: Central Theater. ¦ Mr. 'McVicker is a
: artist and> has appeared with
.some' of .the 'best companies in the coun
try., 1 . He. made his first appearance, last
night: in "The World," and his work was
pta hl S» standard. ' '.'The World ". scored a
great hit 'With the packed house which
• turned out to witness the Tiovel produc
t(o*n. .'The plot ia most original and con
tains .'a- mixture of excitement, villainy
attd.love that, is bound to-please the most
, fastidious . audience. Both Elmer Brown
and Annette Marsball'act their parts
weil.tand. are. superbly; supported by the
rest of the 'company.;, . '. •,
Central.
L.ieutenants J. B. Martin, George" Bird
sail, M. O. Anderson and John Mooney
successfully passed the physical examina
tion called for by the Civil Service Bu
reau previous to the mental examination.,
•which will be held on May 15 and 16.
These officers aspire to be captains. Lieu
tenant Price did not make application to
be examined. Lieutenant Esola withdrew,
as he felt that older men should have the
opportunity to secure promotion by rea-
Eon of seniority of service.
Lieutenants Are Examined.
The secret service authorities are on the
alert for a gang of counterfeiters who 'are
passing a large number tff -bogus .$5 pieces
throughout • the cfty. • The counterfeit,
which bears' the date of 1898, is an almost
perfect imitation of the real coin, only it
is a little off color, being a lighter shade
than the mint product. The downtown
districts have been plentifully supplied
with the bad money, and the authorities
fear that a large supply has already
found its way out of" this city. "A close
watch Is being kept, but so far no arrests
have been made; . ~r ¦ , " "¦
Counterfeiters at Work.
very much like. it, ¦¦' was .-produced '.'here
some years ago and made a hit.' JThere'is
the confiding^ ypuns wife, 'the v husbatid,
with a past, an' adventuress*.: : v "a'i*slrnRlfl'
brother, a false , friend - kndr incidental
characters. The title is derived fnom>the
fact that the husband 'during* hlsAwife's'
absence takes a day. and' a" nighUtO.'slcep.
off the effects of a." ''jag.", r'M.v£: ; AJspp-a.s"
the husband and Miss Marion -Conyere ; ,as
the young wife .were-as/ usual admir'ably*
suited to the parts and kept the" fun -going.-
Miss. Juliet Crosby ,as ; the,* adventuress'
gave another evidence of vher (.ver&atllltjjV
the part calling for .varying/ emotions,,
which -were skillful1y.'portrayed.;;-TFr.arik;
Bacon- as the simple brother was' 1 clever"
and amusing, and George, OsbOurrie:^id>
excellent character work -as Goldstein.^ a
money lender. Theother parts 'were; Well
sustained by Henry • Shumer, VZelliilr Cov-'
ington. Lillian 'Elliott, Oza ; and
Baggo Conklin. : • " ; .:.,.-; • ,; ;
The United States Laundry, 3U1 Six
teenth-street, lost 545 from its safe some
time Saturday • night, and is also minu3
one of its clerks. Earl L. Eavey. Detec
tives Ryan and McMahon were put on th©
case and found that Eavey had left hi*
lodgings at 310 Gough street, taking all
his personal belongings with him. \.' ¦¦
Honey Stolen From. Laundry.
George Bracken. v. - ho came into noto
riety during the recent strike for shooting
a man named Pettit and who has just
ccme out of jail, met a girl named Nel
lie Howard yesterday afternoon and took
her to a saloon at 731 Mission street,
•where thev had several drinks. From
there they went to 153^ Third street, and
presumably got into an altercation,
whereupon Bracken struck her on the
head with a bottle and otherwise bruised
her. The woman was taken to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where forty-five
stitches were taken in her head. Bracken
was arrested and taken to the Southern
station, where he was booked on a charge
of assault to murder.
Charged With Assault to Murder.
It was James Neill's and the public's bad
luck that the rain fell yesterday aft
ernoon and evening with a quiet . per
sistency that forshadowed an all-night
downpour," for it. dampened the ardor of
theater-goers and deprived many people'
of the pleasure of seeing "Aristocracy"
well played in all its lights and shades of
satire and its. mock morality, thinly gild
ed. .The thoroughness witu wriicn; the
actors' did '/the- work entrusted 'to', them
was attested by the hearty applause that
greeted the fall of the curtain at the ciose
of each act and by the breathless interest
of the audience from the beginning to the
end of the performance. th> most flatter-
Ing tribute that could be paid to- any play
or, any company. . ¦•-.-.¦ • . . r . . ¦ ¦,
California.
As Anstruther. Guy Standing makes a
brave figure, tricked out in all the gallant
trinkets of the British colonel.. The men.
Indeed change costumes as frequently and
as brilliantly as' the professional beauty
in a "frock and frill" drama, with, a like
smashing effect: But. to return* to < Mr.
Standing. The actor, besides being a con
spicuously handsome figure, plays his at
tractive role with sympathy and sincerity,
most ably seconding Mr. Drew's efforts.
Oswalde Yorke Is pleasing as the brother
of the girl loved by Major Bingham, and
E. Newton-Llndo gets a good deal of fun
out of a small character part. -¦••..•..".
Miss Ida Conquest, who has not lost
her quaint trick of .English manner. ; ac
cent, atmosphere, is the beloved of Major
Bingham, Muriel Mannering. She invests
the part with, a fresh, simple charm that
is very attractive, there . being, both
strength and delicacy in. her work; Miss
Ida • Vernon Is more than sufficient , for
the role of Lady Harburgh, and the rest
of the cast is fully up, to the requirements.
Here are a few Marshalllsms from the
dialogue, out^ of the many. Miss Man
nering to Major Blngham, who is expa
tiating with i unusual eloquence ' . on the
joy of warfare:' ¦ " '. . - : - -¦ - - ¦•
• "Then you have been in active service?"
'•Not— exactly— . But I take in all the
illustrated papers." . •
Of a bitter, medicine that falls to "the
lot of a returned warrlorr "It tastes like
materialized "morality." - .
Major Bingham explainshis indifference
to the death of a mythical relative -who
is supposed to have left him a fortune
. "It was my. aunt Geraldine,. a very dis
tant aunt — twice removed,'- once by mar
riage and once by divorce." •. ... -.
But the play Is one to see, and it should
be said- is staged as handsomely , as i if is
costumed— if anything could quite come
up to that scarlet' and 'gold elegance.
John Drew Is . Major '.-.Blngham. and,
strange to say, thtS! h.ero of. the drawing
room, this glittering conqueror of.-society
hearts, has done nothing-better than his
portrait of the Unlucky., major. Immedi
ately -one is'made.'to feel why the -War
office "turns him ; down" 1 ;" why' the girl
he loves cannot. love hjm; why, loyal sol
dier that he , is,, his. gallant rival, Ans
tr.uther_is ranked above-liim.' ..He bears
the, mark of. the urilucky.^ones.v of • the
earth, and. expecting. nothing from fate,
gets it.' The picture is -painted with ut
most intelllgence.'-utmost sympathy, and
in the strong third act, „' where : —jor
"Kit" is lert alone, his .- fellow* officers
marching on to South Africa; Mr. Drew
had the house at his feet; . . .• '
ically speaking, and Mr. ""Drew's feet .are
dears!— hide his largevhearr, and Major
"Kit's" life is the story, of a man. who
gets "left," first, second and all the time.
He js passed over in. his regiment .for a
younger man, remaining "second in com
mand." He is left when his regiment, for
the first time, is ordered to the front. In
love it Is the same story. The . girl he
loves accepts him '-without loving him.
later to tell him that' she loves 'another
man. One' consolation" 'alone is- granted
to him; he is permitted to .win -the Vic
toria cross for bravery ¦ in saving his col
onel's life. , •>-¦..,.; •
A . large and enthusiastic ; meeting of
ladies was held yesterday in the Sutro
house, corner of Fillmore and Hayes
streets, the object being to make final ar
rangements for the Sacred Heart paro
chial social, which is to be held to-niorrow
evening. Many willing hands will, trans
form the old palatral mansion into a.per
fect bower of floral beauty. A programme
of a high order will be executed- in the
first part of the evening and refreshments
will be served free to all visitors. The
entertainment and reception will be under
the direction of Mrs. John Mahony, Mrs.
Dan Sullivan, Miss Kate. Supple, Mrs. Jo
seph J. Donnely. Mrs; Pa'lmer, ,Mrs.- J.
Walsh and Mrs. Duffy. . ., '. • . . \
Merriment at Sutro House.
Governor" Odell of New. York visited
Mayor Schmitz yesterday at the City
Hall. The two officials- spent some tim«
in a friendly chat and the Mayor en
lightened his .visitor regarding the condi
tion of municipal affairs in this city. Tb«
Mayor will- take Governor Odetl and his
party to. view the sights of the city to
day. - •
Odell Calls on. Mayor.
';',/'.V- v ¦' . Fischer's. ., .•
j. Fischer's. Theater presented its . forty
sixth ..performance of -."Fiddle /Dee Dee"
last'evenln'g to a crowded house. Theater
goprs never seenr to tire' pf. the burlesque.
,It gained*. as many hearty laughs last
evening as it did on the opening night, six
weeks, agpi' and,. many', 'society people were
present, ' as ¦ usual. ' The - run • is unprece
dented ;in" this' city. •¦'Its' success speaks
. volurrtesl for*. the popularity ¦ of the bur
le'squel* T«he. workot Barney Bernard and
Kolb and Dill,. Ithe inimitable German
/comedians, -is . greatly appreciated. The
."s'tandtng foonu only" " sign .was in its
usual place Jast evening and late-comers
were. unable to purchase-seats. New spe
cialties and songs were, introduced' last
night,, and those who have seen the bur
lesque can go a second time and enjoy it
as before.- Many- out-of-town people, are
coming to the city purposely to see this
production,' the fame of which is not con
fined to the metropolis. . • ¦
the order, came .not according to the. plans
of the. author, but on account of the .b"e
glnnine of an extensive exodus on the
part of 'the! audience.' . - ;
A. resolution of thanks was tendered to
General: R.: P.: Hughes and a silver cross
of the order was presented to Retiring
Division Cormnander- - Colonel E. E.
Washburn." ' ' ' ¦' ' " • ' ' -' - -i
Last evening the delegates were con
ducted through Chinatown. They will as
semble this mornins at 9:30 o'clock at the
Grand Hotel, when a visit will, be -made
by the whole body to the Mint and other
points of interest. At 11 o'clock the dele
gates will leave, the Clayrstreet wharf on
the General McDowell for. a trip .around
the bay, and at S o'clock to-night the In
stallation of officers will take .place, to
be followed- by the annual banquet.
Division commander. Colonel. 'Frank \ R.
Handley of- San - Francisco;- senior vice com
mander. Captain J.- A. Medlar of Los Angeles;
junior vice commander. Captain. E. -B.vCush
man'of- Lonsr Beach;, division quartermaster.
Captain W.-' E. Lawrence of- San Francisco:
division council — Colonel C. E. Washburn o*
Los Ansreles,- Captain ; "W. ¦ H. -Collins ot '.Oak
land and Colonel A. " G. ¦ Bennett of San Jose.
''The delegates at large appointed to at
tend the national encampment at;Wash
ington. D. C, .in October were Captain
F. B. Willson of San Francisco a'nd Cap
tain E. B. 'Cushmaa of Long Beach. ; Al
ternates at large, Captain Oscar Judell
of- Oakland and Captain J. A. Wagner of
Modesto. -'¦ -•¦••:• •¦ ¦•-.-•¦•¦'• - •' "•;- ¦> \ ¦••'•.
Division. Commander Frank R. Handley
appointed Captain Frank B. Willson ad
jutant.vand Captain A: S.- Ormsby. judge
advocate. . <, ' . •• v '• " .
Quartermaster Frank' R.' Handley. of
San Francisco announced that the division
was in excellent' financial. standing. ¦ •
.The following '•, division .. officers were
elected for 1902 and.,1904:.
.: The California Division ' of the Sons of
Veterans opened its annual encampment
yesterday ' morning at- Red Men's Hall.
The division commander,. C. E. Wash
burn of Los Angeles. Senior ; Vice Com
mander E.M.- Selby of. Ventura and Ju
nior Vice Commander • P. , E. • Munsey . of
,L.os Angeles read reports^ which were re
ceived with acclamation. Adjutant John
A. Medlar, of Los Angeles announced that
the State of Oregon had been added to the
territory of the division; that five camps
had been created in California, during the
year and that the membership had' in
creased byf more*- than- 2*30 since the' last
annual encampment. . r . ' .
Increase in Membership.
Annual Reports Show Excellent ' Fi
£' : nancial Standing and 1 Large '_
SONS OF VETEBANS MEET
V AND JOIN IN JUBILATION
The attendance to-night will be greatly
increased by the presence of several hun
dred members of the Ancient Order of Hi
bernians as the guests of the fair manage
ment. - . . ' . . •
The Dublin booth will entertain Its
friends to-night and a special programme,
including several solos by well known
singers, has been promised, and the com
mittee in charge will do all it can to make
it pleasant .for the many guests .who .will
be present. Dublin booth, though small,
never falls to draw attention by the at
tractive articles it contains and by . its
decorations, which have been so zealously
attended to by its hard working secretary,
Mrs. Phil E. Kiley.
The programme at Dublin booth to-night
will include: Tenor solo, F. A. Grifflng:
specialties. W. Brackett; trombone solo.
A. Roncovieri; soprano solo, Miss ;M.
O'Donnell. late of St. Francis Xavier'S
Church choir of New Tork;- specialties,
Louie and Jewell Allen. » j
The Irish Fair with its many attractions
is still drawing crowds afternoon • and
evening, and the booths arc vying with
one another to make it a success. ¦ .
Programme and Promises Pleas
ant Evening to Guests." .
Committee Has - Arranged Varied
DUBLIN BOOTH WILL
GIVE ENTERTAINMENT
King has been vowing vengeance
against Barker ever since Kittle NIhill
and her sister, Annie NIhill, alias Barker,
turned State's evidence and endeavored to
save Barker. Bailiff j Hitfkcy and Police
man Ed wards brought King, Harry Ham
ilton, Barker and the two women from
the prison to the courtroom and Hickey
h.-tJ just placed the three men in the docK
Vvhtn King made a rush at Barker and
struck him. a violent blow on the face,
knopking him' against the wall. King
then sprang upon Barker, and grasping
him by the throat, began to butt his head
against the rwall. Hickey and Edwards
hurried into the dock and had to use
force in dragging King away from Bar
ker. Hickey, getting the skin peeled off tne
back of his hand.-. Annie Barker was
screaming and rushed to the dock, yelling
Ho King to let Barker alone. She at
tempted to enter .the dock, but was pre
vented. King muttered after he had been
dragged away he would like to kill
Barker. The court wss not in session and
the Judge, who was not present, did not
take cognizance, of the assault, as Barker
made no complaint.-- „ .'. ..
Later the Judge held the three men to
anther, before the Superior Court on four
charges of burglary for breaking into
the residences of Mrs. Elizabeth Shepherd,
132 McAllister street, on April 21; Mrs."
Kilen Redlngton, 1658 Market street, on
April 22; Mrs. Susie Glascott, 1646 Market
street, on April 23, and Mrs. Anna Mur
ray, 208 Powell street, on April 24. Their
bonds in each case were fixed in 52000
each. In regard to a. charge of burglary
against each of the women," the Judge said
he would give- his decision to-day. Harry
Hamilton will also have his preliminary
hearing' to-day on the charge of robbery
lor stealing a purse" from Mrs. Freeman
ai.d for assault with' a deadly weapon on
Judge Frit^ -
Joseph King, the -convict preacher,
showed^lilmself in his true colors in Judge
Mogan's, court yesterday arternoon when
he made a vicious" attack upon Thomas
L'arker, one of his companions in- crime,
and tried to batter out his brains against
the wall of: the dock. : Kiwr would have
stcceeded in seriously injuring Barker if
it had not been for the -prompt interfer
ence of Bailiff Hickey and Policeman Ed
wards. •• . . ; ¦ '.
The dead man's friends hint at rfflpney
matters as the probable cause leading to
his death. He carried a heavy insurance
on his life. He leaves a wife. 50 years of
age, and a brother, who has charge of
the curtain department at Samuels'.
The funeral will be held Wednesday, un
der the auspices of the Masons, from
B'nai B'rith Hall. The body will be cre
mated at the Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Poor Mr. Friedlander was a pentl»man and
one of the most honest of men. He could have
had anything from us that lie had a mind to
ask lor. His suicide is unexplainahle. There
vas no reason for hira to have taken his life.
My father will be terribly upset when he hears
ot It. We all thought a great deal of him.
He was renial. and even this morning seemed
to be in the best of spirits. We even spoke
of the future, and I congratulated him on thr.
creat advancement of his department.
LIFE HEAVILY INSURED.
The deceased left his wife at his home,
the Niara. 615 Taylor street, yesterday
morning, apparently in good spirits and
on reaching the store chatted pleasantly
with Louis T. Samuels, the manager. Tige
firm speaks very higlily of its late em
ploye. Louis T. fiamuels said:
In the meantime Miss Daisy Friedlander.
a niece of the deceased, who also works
in the L,ace House, fearing something had
happened, hastened to Mrs. Friedlander'3
home, «!15 Taylor street, just as Mrs.
Friedlander received the letter.
Burkett called in a doctor, but all life
had left the body. The Coroner was noti
fied and Deputy J. P. Fennell was sent
on the case.
It is presumed that he went out the
first time to set the rubber tubing, which
he attached to a gasjet and- placed in his
nouth.
When D. S. Burkett, son of the pro
prietor of the Burlington, was passing
along the hall about 2 o'clock In ; the
af teinoon he detected the odor of gas and
traced it to Frledlander's room. He
knocked on the door and received no re
ply, so he went to a ledge outside the
room and entered by the window.
The suicide lay upon the bed fully
dressed, with the bedclothes over him
and one end of the tube in his mouth,
the other end being attached to the gas
tip. the Jet being turned on full force.
Burkett hastened to the. side of the bed
and withdrew the tube from the man's
mouth.
The keyhole in the door was carefully
plugged with a piece of rubber, and all
the windows tightly closed. Upon the
xtble lay the following note:
Burlington, Room 85, 11:30 a. m.,
MayJ.2, 1902.
My Dear Mary: You will "find in my pocket
$24. I bee of you, darling, forgive . me for
•what I have done, as I could not do other
wise. Again. 1000 kisses. From your true
boy. - SAM.
Love to all.
LEAVES HOTE TOR WIFE.
The deceased immediately went to the
Burlingrion House and rented a room, and
¦went out, returning again in a short
time. He then sat down and wrot3 a
letter to his wife, which he mailed and
¦which she received in the 2 o'clock mail.
In it he told her that by the time she
received it he would no longer be in the
land of the living and that she would
find him at the Burlington. He also asked
ber forgiveness. - - ¦ . : •>"
Samuel Friedlander, for twenty years
identified with the D. Samuels Lace
House at Sntter street and Grant ave
nue, committed suicide yesterday by the
inhalation of illuminating gas in a
room* at the Burlington, GUS Market
street. That the suicide was premedi
tated is evident from the manner in
•which he prepared to die. .
About 10 o'clock yesterday morning
Friedlander asked Samuels 'for permis
sion to leave the store on business ¦ (or
half an hour. Samuels told him there
•was no occasion for his asking permis
sion, as he could leave at any time.
President E. H. Harriman of the South
ern Pacific entertained Governor Odell of
New York last evening at a 'banquet at
the Pacific-Union Club. Sixty prominent
citizens of the State were invited to meet
Governor Odell and the entire party wai
seated at one table.
The decorations for the banquet were
most elaborate." At the end of the dining
room a scene representing a view of
Southern California was depicted,,, while
in the center "of the room a trunk of a
tree was arranged, with an eagle's ne*tV
built on it. ; JJ
President Harriman. as toastmaster. es
! tablished himself on a more friendly toot
i Ing. He opened the banquet in a short
but clever speech, introducing Governor
Udell to the assembled guests.
Governor Odell illustrated the fact that
he was a good after-dinner speaker. In
his remarks he explained that Siate and
municipal politics must.be run on a bus
iness basis. He illustrated hU remarks*
by showing that the last Legislature of
New York State was- the shortest session
in the last 100 years. He concluded hia
speech by paying a globing tribute to Cal
ifornia nospltanty.
Governor Gage followed with a speeqb
in which he said he felt proud that Gov
ernor Odell had paid a visit to Califor
nia and that he felt sure that great ben
efit to the Pacific Coast would follow
from such a distinguished visit. :-. .
Horace 4». Platt responded to the toast
of "'What i Know About Married Wom
en," which was replete with humor. Judge
W. AV. Morrow, Samuel S. Shortridge.
George A. Knight, President David Starr
Jordan of Stanford and President Benja
min. J.. Wheeler of the University of Cal
ifornia - also responded to toasts.
Mayor Schmitz received the heartiest re
ception of any of those who rose to their
feet. to respond to a toast- It was several
minutes before the applause died away.
He said in part: ."V .
In this great empire of the "West w« N *r«
always proud to welcome and to honor the di»
tinguishfd men of our nation.
We are glad to grasp them by the hand and
to say to them,- "Thi» is part of our common
country. This is a land of sunshine and of
joy. i This State belongs to* you as well aa to
us. Stay with us as Ions as you can, and
when yon leave remember that we expeet you
back." , •
San Francisco is indeed honored by the visit
of the chief executive of the Empire Stated
For many yean she has looked across the
Rocky Mountains and across the vast mlddl*
plains. to draw inspiration and some encourage
ment from the financial center of the nation.
Something she has given and much she baa
ler-elved. She feels in common touch.
Those present at the. banquet were: ¦
Admiral Merrill Miller, General K. F.
Hushes, Dr. D. Starr Jordan. Dr. Benjamin L
Wheeler, William Alvord. I. W. Hellman. 3.
K. Wilson. P. N< Lillenthal. 5?. G. Murphy. IT.
S. Kin?. Colonel Dudley Evans, William "H.
Crocker. Charles Webb Howard. W. B. Bourn.
Prince Andro Ponlatowski. H. E. Huntlngton,
John ,W. i Mactcay. John D. Spreckels. A. W.
Foster., Captain A. H. Payson - John Martin,
J. Kruttschnitt. William F. Herrln. J. C.
Stutbs. Herman Oelrichs. Horace G. Platt,
George A. Newhall, Andrea Sbarboro, G. TV.
McNear. F. J. Symmes. Wakefield Baker. .J. D.
Grant, Andrew Carrlgan. Henry T. Scott. Irv
ing M. Scott. Leon Sloss, E. R. LUlenthal.
Robert I. - Bentley. O. A. .Hale, F. W. Dohr
mann. 'Frank H. Buck. Robert Balfour, E. W.
Hopkins, Charles Holbrook. R. P. Schwerln.
Che?ebrough, George A. Knight. J. C. Lynch.
Samuel M. Shortridge, Governor B.- B. Odell
Jr.. E. II. Harriman. Governor H. T. Case.
Mayor Kuzene E. Schmlta. Judge. W. XV. -Mor
row. Judge Ersktne M. Ross, Judge TV. B. Gil
bert Judgw W. H. Boatty. Judge. W. C. Van
Fleet. -Julius Kahn,- TV. W. Montague. Fred
S.-.Strattan. ¦ Colonel- Georgn Stone. Colonel
George II. Pippy. Jndge Thomas B. McFarland.
Judge F. W. Henshaw, Judge R. C. Harrl3on,
Judge Jackson Temple. Senator J. E. Xllsworth.
Ju<Jg*> Thomas R. Hawley. F." H. Wheelan, J.
W.- Byrne. -¦-» — -
Upon their return Mr. and Mrs. Jones
Intend to establish themselves in an ele
gant home, which the groom has already
selected. . ' ¦ ' J ••>'.-..
Mr.- Jones' new bride !s the oldest of the
three Yost girls,- who are noted for their
superb . beauty. She gave her age as 26.
The youngest sister, Margaret Yost, is a
popular and rising young actress, -who
has played several successful engage
ments at the Alcazar. : • ....
When Mr. Jones and his bride-to-be
landed in San Jose on. their wedding day
he "called at the County Clerk's- office and
secured the license to wed. By some
magic charm Mr. Jones succeeded in in
ducing the clerk of the marriage bureau
to neglect to give out the fact that he
had been granted a license to -take unto
himself a bride.- • : " ¦¦'¦¦•-
Webster Jones is as jovial a chap as
any club man in town who ha3 passed
his forty-year mark. He is a member of
the firm of Jones, Paddock & Co.. the big
coffee and spice people on Fremont street.
This is not his lirst matrimonial venture.
Several years ago he married a Miss
Hobbs, who was one of the most promi
nent society girls in this city. Her father
was a very wealthy man, and, along with
the half million or so that Mr. Jones in
herited at -the death of his. father, the
couple possessed a fortune. that was not
to be sneered at. -But Mr. Jones' matri
monial felicity was short lived. Troubles
came to darken the doors and . soon the
marriage vows were wrecked on the cruel
rocks of divorce. Mrs. Jones entered suit
for divorce in Santa Barbara. Mr. Jones
did not make any contest. Superior Judge
Day of Santa Barbara granted Mrs. Jones
her divorce October 7, 1899. A few months
ago her engagement to'Artsimovitch, the
.then Russian Consul to this city, was
announced. They were married shortly
afterward. "
One day last week Mr. Jones and Miss
Jane ' Stanford ""Yost," "a"." beautiful young
woman, whose father was at one time one
of '"-.e. most prominent^ capitalists of this
cit,'. slipped away from' their numerous
friends and took atrip to San Jose, where
they v/ere secretly wedded by the Rev.
J..N. Crawford of. the Cumberland Pres
byterian Church. -• '-'¦ ' : ;V - •'•¦•¦
The 'story .of ; the affair became known
yesteraay,- notwithstanding the desire and
efforts upon.-ttiepart ot'ihe groom and
briae to Keep, the Recife t .from the public.
Just -why. 'Air.' Jones .made his prepara
tions and V carried * out his plans tor a
"quiet little affair 'that noboay would
know anything about," is not clearly un
derstood by his -large circle of acquaint
ances in this city. '.<: i • .. . • .
But now that ,the_ secret is. out, club
dom and society is disposed to toss the
mattc-r off with th« matter ot" ex
planation that Mr. Jones always went in
for anything that. would be a pleasing sur
prise to hla friends and, they, all join in
wishing him happiness t on his new matri
monial career. , The, couple are spending
their honeymoon in the southern part of
the State.- ¦¦> . - : ¦ ;
Webster Jones, .' club man, bon vivant
and prominent coffee and spice mer
chant of this city,, has taken another dive
into the sea of matrimony.
V T ; — . , ¦- '¦ — ; : —
\*J.-. •(¦ - r •-¦ :• '- r v'?*i --r- - '--• i.Ki- *
* TT,OHN DREW, always. most welcome *
f II of players, and "The • Second : in \
-Ml Command," Captain Robert; Mar- ...
Qj} shall' s>new; .comedy, V attracted a. y
-.-,; large and ..crowd »tp the ,
Columbia .Theater last, night. ; It was .'art,;':
audience prepared jtof'bc pleased,, from it3 ;
memories of .Marshall's delicious 'Comedy,
of last season,', v'^A- Royal • ' Family, 1 ' 1 and ¦
on the whole itwas 'not; disappointed : in Its
expectations. There "is" a»» the/ Marshall
ingenuity of build .\ the same" 1 sparkle in
the dialogue, the. samd tone and. smart
ness in the story. Yet the play, is/ a lit
tle wanting in the originality ot the other,
comedies, a little wanting in their peculiar
piquancy. The material of the play lacks
something of the felicitous ;unexpected-.
ness of "A Royal Family.'' vhas less of
the quaint whimsicality that .-'one has
somehow come to associate' with Captain
Marshall's name. It Is more conventional,
less spontaneous, and yet,'. IpAthe ; drawing
of the central character, stronger .than :.
anything of the authors that yet
made Its way out here. ' Major? .'.'Kit"
Bingham is' something of a noyel figure .
on the stage. \ - v ' Vi ( -
Like Major Dobbin in . .','Vantty ;FaIr" ;
and Tom Pinch, his large f eet— metaphpi •-".•-
Attaches Hose to Gasjet and
Places Other End in
His Mouth.
Mayor Schmitz Responds to
Toasts and Elicits
Applause. .'
of the Cou'pl e Are
• Surprised. :
Story Gets. Out and Friends
Burglary.-
Defendants Held "to Answer
on Pour Charges of
Convict if Preacher r At
tacks His Companion
in Crime. - ;
at San Jose.
Marries Jane Stanford
\ Yost of This City
Banquets Governor Oiell
. at Pacific-Union
:: Club. :^: :;
Samuel Friedlander Com
mits Suicide at the ~
Burlington.
DEFTLY PLANS
MODE OF DEATH
-The Second in Command" Splendid
Neill Compaiiy Triumphs; Again in / ' A r i s t b piracy ' ' - - - A I c a za r S u cc e s u 1 1 y
pives
WEBSTER JONES
WEDS IN SECRET
HARRIMAN ACTS
AS TOASTMASTER
JOHN DREW IN A NEW SORT OF ROLE
WINS A NEW MEASURE OF SUCCESS
KING THROTTLES
BARKER IN DOCK
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU, TUESD^y MAY 13, 1902;
14
¦A varied and select line, of cameras ajid
photographic supplies atSanborn, Vail '&
Co.'s,;741 Market street. ¦¦ • .
i *^ft«teLi Weak Eye* Strengthened.
ySfe.'lirt+Zs. Painful or inflamed eyes in-
stantly relieved wlthGliORUE
8»fr|T5«. - MA YERLE'S>. • German Ey»
flSj!* 1 ?— — JS*^*,' Water, 60c. at 1071 Market
ttoW^ st. Tel. South 572. Nou Btfl-
':. r.rTw 7 : ulne without this tradeauuk.
1049 MARKET STREET.
Sproaf s Market
PHONE SOUTH '804.
Sproaf s Market
Why pay more for your eatables than we aeU
them at? A dollar saved is a dollar made.
26 lbs. Ssreckels* Purs Cane Sugar f I
-,-^->'-' • On orders.
50-lb. sack Family Flour, best. Sl>«
- 1-lb. can Royal Baking; , Powder 4Oc
S cans Lily. : Carnation or Pet Cream. .. .i!5c
3-lb. can Pork and Beans, regular 20c.
* 5 now .100
j 3 cans Corn, -worth 40c. now. .......... .^5r
' 2 packages Grase Nuts.... t£5c
Large cans Ghlrardelll's Chocolate. ...... .Z."c
300 4-lb. cans best Mocha and Java Coffee.SSe
- ... Rer- $1.25.
.¦ 60 boxes fancy Lemons, reg:. 23c. now.... too
¦ 60 cans Deviled Ham, 7 cans...... 1ZH9
Large Lunch Baskets ..'. OSe
1L" lbs. New Peas..., -«r,c
Vegetables, all kinds, 4 for.'. ....l>5e
Strawberriee. Cherries, StrJnr Beans, Peas.
New Potatoes, Asparagus. Oranges. Lemons,
Bananas. Pineapples, . 25 per cent lower than
any comi>«Utor. t*j «1l V T .
.Our. fresh and eared Meat Price* will p!eas«
you. ¦. ¦ . ¦ -
O. P. S. Kentucky Whiskey, per gallon.. 92.UO
The, cream of Kentucky Bourbon, reg. $4,
now ...5Z.T5
O. P.'S. Kentucky, full quarts, reg. $1,
, now. tJ3n
The cream of Kentucky, full quarts, reg.
SI, now ....;....: «3«
Claret, per gallon, reg. $1. six years old.. :t~»c
Port "Wire. reg. gal. $1, now «o«5
Sherry Wine, reg. gal. $1, now. ........ «oc
Hooper's Rye. full quarts, reg. $1.25, now WHs
Jesse Mcore's, quarts, reg. $1.25. now.... 85c ¦
8 5c Cizars. all brands.' .-... U3c
Pure Cream and chocolate Candies, per lb. 300
' Mall orders boxed - and delivered to depot.
1 freight prepaid 100 miles distant free. W«
want more mall orders. • -
We are leaders in all good thlnsa to eat •**
drln!i. : .--;~ \ . \
&w c • fl 3 K*^f^ IB'H'T^iv J I
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or SteeL
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregular!*
• -\ .ties Peculiar to the Sex.
Apioline Capsules for three months cost $L
.."--. Drcg^st or T. O. Box 2081, STcw York.
Cff^^^eorsianiz^tion
Every one is taking advantage of "it. Yesterday'
the store was thronged. And why not? We are'al-
rnost giving away the. cream of our 1002 shoes to .
make room for the entirely new styles we will carry
in the new Sorosis Shoe Parlors on Post x street.
Unique circumstances compel us to sell -. at j these ¦
unique prices:
Men's Burt & Packard Korrect Shape
Shoes, all leathers. Formerly $4.00 f 5 |i? :
and $5.00. Sale price
Men's Calf Lace or Congress. Formerly ' <ji' f,C • «
$2.50 t .........:.
Men's Fine Vlci Kid Lace. In all the latest "* •
styles of last. Union made. Formerly CI.7C
$2.50 O*'/*-*
Eoys' Vici Kid Lace. WaJCorf toe and tip. ' • he-. •
Sizes 9 to 13. Formerly $1.50 " S|pC
Ladles' Patent Calf Lace or Button. Mat ff "> ' f,(\: '
kid top. Mannish last. Former price $3.53 «pz.i4rV/
Ladles' Kid Lace. Fancy -Velvet tops. .¦ ¦. '• I.
>'..Vi Neat coin toe and patent leather tips.
Formerly $2.50. Sale price ;$!¦ JJ
LadicsJ Chocolate Kid Button. Broad coin Rf\r*
toe and tip. Foimerly $1.50. Sale price.. UvC
- Ladies' Vici Kid Oxfords. Vesting, tops. ••¦-.> ¦
Oxford turn soles. Neat coin toe and fi te.-
tips. Formerly $2.00. Sale price
Misses* Dongola Kid Button. Circalar '.•':,- .
vamp. Neat coin toe and patent leather "7R^
tip. Formerly $L50. Sale price / JC.
Price of Sorosis Remains $3.50. -
50 Third Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.