i
BRILLIANT XEW YORK SENATOR WHO MADE A MOST INTEREST
ING ADDRESS TESTERDAY TN SUPPORT OF BUILDING UP THE
AMERICAN MERCHANT MARINE BY SHIP SUBSIDIES.
Senator Depew then addressed the Senate In favor of the bill. Senators had
criticized the bill, he said, but none of them had submitted any plan by which
we could have a mail service' which would be equal to that of Great Britain,
Germany or France. We are, he maintained. '¦ contributing millions of dollars
annually to increase still further the mail facilities and enlarge the merchant
marine of these competing countries, thus placing farther off the 'distance which
A resolution by Spooner was adopted, directing the Secretary of the Treasury
to report to the Senate the extent to which payments for carrying ocean malls
are now authorized by law, and also whether the payments are more or less in
effect than the subsidy rates provided by the subsidy bill of 1893.
At the conclusion of routine business the Senate resumed consideration of
the ship subsidy bill. McCuir.ber of North Dakota speaking In support of the
measure. He said he represented an agricultural State, interested only indirectly
In the chipping Industry, but lie favored the passage of the bill because he be
lieved the results of its operation would be beneficial not only to his constitu
ents, but to the people of the entire country. He maintained that it would be
Just as proper to remove the protective tariff duties from products produced In
this country as it would be to refuse to offer to the shipping industry the pro
tection afforded by this bill. With the subsidy provided by the bill, he thought,
In the course of fifteen years the United States would be able to compete with
the world in the ship-building industry. What the agriculturists of the West
and Northwest most desired to-day was an opening to the Pacific— the Oriental
trade. In conclusion McCumber characterized the bill as a right step toward
reinstating our lost prestige on the seas.
IN SUPPORT OF THE SUBSIDY BILL.
¦ -w- x-y- -^ASHINGTON". March 12.— Again to-day the ship subsidy bill oc
\\ /h / cu P ie<1 practically the entire time of the Senate. McCumber of
Vl XII / North Dakota presented a carefully prepared argument, in
Hr Br which as a representative of an agricultural State he favored
* w the bill on the gTound of its protective features. Depew of New
Tcrk, one of the members of the Committee on Commerce, de
livered an elaborate Fpeech, in which he analyzed the arguments both for and
against the position to pay subsidies to the shipping industry. His peroration,
In which he pictured in glowing language the results of the operation of the bill,
elicited hearty app»ause from the galleries.
Soon after the Senate convened Rawlins. of Utah • Introduced a resolution,
¦which was passed, directing the Secretary of War to send to the Senate tha
reports of Inspectors Carpenter and Ma us and any other information he may
have In relation to the transports between the United States and the Philip
pines, especially regarding free transportation for Individuals.
Cullorn, chairmaji of the Committee or. Foreign Relations, reported favor-,
ebly a bill authorizing the President to extend to the Government of France an
Invitation to Join the Government and the people of the United States in the
dedication of the monument of Count de Rochambeau, to be unveiled in this city
on May 24 next?
Hoar of Massachusetts offered an amendment including in the invitation the
family of the Marquis de Lafayette. He paid a tribute to Lafayette and urged
that his amendment was peculiarly pertinent. The amendment was agreed to
and, as amended, the bill was passed.
Depew Favors Subsidies to Enable America
to Take the Position Entitled to
as a World Power.
,Tbls, of course, if proved, would be a very serious charge against the Em
bassador. The offense of Sir Lionel Sackville-West In 1SS8 in writing a letter to
a former countryman advising him to vote for the Democratic candidate wou!<!
be trivial compared to the act of the German Embassador, could it be proved to.
have actually occurred. -The 1 feeling on the part of the Republican campaign
managers that there. was enmity toward them at Washington was somewhat al-
It is further asserted that the Embassador was in close touch with Repre
sentative John J.' Lentz of Ohio. . Lentz Is a German-American. He was one of
the most picturesque Bryan figures In Congress, and his verbal attacks on Presi
dent McKlnley were such that Chairman Hanna in 1900 determined at all hazard
to retire Lentz to private life, and Lentz was defeated by the narrow margin of
about a dozen votes. It is represented to have been the dream of Lentz and the
Embassador that they might' be able to throw the German-American vote against
the J administration and put B/yan In the White House.
It is said that the Embassador was In frequent communication with promi
nent Democrats friendly to the' Bryan campaign. It is further alleged that these
conferences and consultations were held for the purpose of Influencing the Ger
man vote in : behalf of Bryan.
ALLEGED COMMUNICATION WITH DEMOCRATS.
The complaints that have been made against Dr. von Holleben deal with the
second Bryan campaign of 1900. It Is uderstood in a general way from these
charges that the Embassador, having failed to make any headway with the Me-
Klnley administration In accomplishing the desires of hl3 Government regard
ing coaling stations In the Caribbean. Sea, decided finally that these coaling sta
tions could best be obtained under Bryan. This is the understanding of tha
officials as to the ascribed motives which prompted the alleged subsequent ac
tion of the Embassador. ,
Embassador von\Holleben is now in Lakewood, N. J., redoverlng from fatigue
Incident to his tour with Prince Henry. There was some mystery about his
whereabouts to-day, arising from charges, but his whereabouts was learned at
the embassy to-night.
The German Embassador declared to the authorities at the State Depart
ment, when the charges were shown to him. that an attempt was being made
to blackmail him,, that he had done nothing Improper and that he was prepared
to meet any accusation that might be made against him by a reliable person.
Charges have been filed with the State Department against tha German Em
bassador and have been Investigated by the secret service. The person filing
the charge is Emll Witte, a discharged employe of the German Embassy.
. he had not been recalled his retirement from his post was only a
matter of time— a few concrete facts were finally evolved to-day. The Embas3a
dor has not been recalled; but stories connected with his conduct soon after ha
took his post as Embassador have come to the, attention of the administration
and became public to-day that are likely to cast a cloud over the brilliant re
ception that Prince Henry had in the -United States.
¦^ BUREAU, 1405 Q STREET. N. W., ASHINGTON, March 12.-
Jf ? Out of a perfect cloud of rumors regarding Dr. von Holleben, tha
M German Embassador— that he had been recalled by his Government;
Bl_V that his recall had been Insisted upon by the President; that he had
v^HI!^ . sailed away for Germany without recall or dismissal, and«that while
Emperor William's Washington Represent
tative Is Charged With Bargaining
With Bryan for Coaling Stations.
w *¦* ¦¦--¦:
GERMANY'S REPRESENTATIVE IN THE UNITED STATES. AGAINST
WHOM A DISCHARGED EMPLOYE OF THE EMBASSY MAKES SEN
SATIONAL CHARGES. ACCUSED CLAIMS IT IS BLACKMAIL. / < -
Continued on Pago Two.
Continued on Page Two.
EL PASO, Tex., March 12.— C. A. White
of St. Louis came here to learn if his
father perished in the Sunset wreck. He
ascertained that his father, C. W. White,
a prominent attorney, was cremated In
the debris. Not even his bones, will be
recovered. The- deceased was an. 'aged
roan on his ' way from Mobile, Ala. : , . to
Washington. His name did not appear
mr> tha casualty list.
Texas Wreck Receives Sad
News.
Son of One of the Victims of the
FINDS THAT FATHER'S V -.-.:
BODY WAS CREMATED
A formal protest has been made by the
Colombian Minister to Quito against' the
Ecuadorian Expedition .on ; the eastern
frontier.:-' The protest Is based on the Tri
partite Convention : signed In Lima, Peru,
ixx isffi. : : . : :¦¦¦:¦¦- ¦ .-;:Vv-;..- '
The Ecuadorian . Government has sent
special orders to"' the; local authorities: In
Guayaquil . to make the visit of , the United
States cruiser Philadelphia as pleasant as
possible. - 'iSffiSK&^E^i^Sy^iifBeMwwai
. The Call's correspondent in Colon says
that the North Atlantic squadron of the
United States navy 'will probably leave
Colon for Trinidad some time to-day.
Rear Admiral Eigglnson and several of
his staff visited Panama on Monday. They
also inspected the canal work.
PANAMA. March 12.— The fall of Da
vid, the capital "of the province of Chlri
qui, and the capture of Agua Dulce by the
insurgent forces, have been confirmed.
The revolutionists now hold all the inte
rior provinces of the Isthmus outside of
Panama .and Colon. /
of Towns Near Panama by the
Insurgents.
Confirmation Received of the Capture
REVOLUTIONISTS RULE
IN MANY PROVINCES
¦'; There' is 7anfc unconfirmed rumor, con
cludes the .correspondent, that Colonel
Grimm, was shot, within two' hours of the
passing of sentence.
LONDON, March j 13.— Cabling, from
Vienna, the . correspondent of the Daily
Mail says a sensation has been caused by
a 1 , story j to the effect ', that a | court-martial
at Warsaw condemned to death a Russian
colonel! named i Grimm for tho systematic
revelation • of , military ; secrets ; to a ¦ for
eign power, 'and that several .aristocratic
Polish ; ladles . have been arrested as • ac
complices. of ; Colonel ; Grimm. ,. .
Russian Colonel Loses
His Life:
WOMEN ARE INVOLVED
IN DIPLOMATIC SCANDAL
Warsaw Is Stirred by a Sensation and
Earl de la Warr was prominent In city
sensations of recent Jears. notably in tha
Hooley Company promotions, in which
the Earl figured among the , titled di
rectors. The De la Warr family mansion
at Buckhurst, Sussex, was formerly rent
ed by Andrew Carnegie.
! LONDON. March 12.— Countess de la
Warr has commenced suit against Earl
de la Warr for a restitution of conjugal
rights,' and the outcome of the petition
is awaited by society with considerable
interest. It appears that Earl de la Warr
a couple of months ago left the Countess
on the ground of Incompatibility o!
temperament^ ;
Restitution of Conjugal
Rights.
Countess Begins a Suit in London for
SOCIETY IS WATCHING
THE DE LA WARR CASE
The protest lodged by the Chinese Gov
ernment with Minister Conger at Peking
against further restrictive legislation
upon Chinese emigration to the United
States and especially the Philippine
Islands and Hawiii, is in continuation of
the efforts initiated by Minister Wu here.
The Minister, soon : after he assumed
office, -began to file protests with the
State Department, and he has since con
ducted so vigorous, an, agitation against
Chinese exclusion that, although it was
recognised that he .was simply carrying
out the directions of his government, the
Minister was made the object of vigorous
attacks by the newspapers here, some
even demanding his ejectment. It is sup
posed that Wu has acquainted his gov
ernment with the situation here and the
danger to himself of further activity In
this matter, and that the Chinese Foreign
Office accordingly has taken up the work
Itself.
MINISTER WU'S WORK.
Aiding in the escape of Chinese held in
detention is made a felony punishable by
both fine and imprisonment. A* new pro
vision applies the exclusion provision of
the bill to Chinese who enter as mer
chants, students and the like and be
come laborers.
Every person bound under this s»«tion
to return a Chinese person who shall re
fuse or willfully neglect promptly to per
form such duty is subject to fine and Im
prisonment, and subordinate - officers,
agents and employes also are subject to
penalties.
"The duty of returning said Chinese
person is hereby imposed on the master,
owner, consignee or agent of the ver.sel,
and on the railway corporation, its gen
eral officers and agents and on the own
ers or general j officers and agentn of
other transportation lines or modes of
conveyance, collectively and severally,
bringing him to the port at which entry
is denied him or aiding him thitherto."
The paragraph concerning the return
of Chinese is changed so as to read as
follows:
"Every person bound under this section
to detain a Chinese person who shall re
fuse or willfully neglect promptly to per
form such duty shall : be deemed guilty of
a felony, and on conviction shall be pun
ished by a fine of not less than $1000 nor
more than $5000 or by Imprisonment for a
term net less than one year or by both
such fine and imprisonment."
There are, also verbal changes in the
provision concerning the detention of
Chinese who seek entry at American
ports, and the following penalty is pro
vided for failure to observe this pro
vision :
SEVERE PENALTIES.
The committee agreed to retain the pro
vision of absolute exclusion, taking the
ground that the United States wanteJ to
retain the Philippines, for the Filipinos,
and that the . latter were as mucn op
posed to the admission of Chinese as
were the Americans. Another section of
the bill about which the committee do
bated at length was that excluding
Chinese sailors from ships o" American
register. This provision was ¦ also re
tained in the bill, but with a. proviso ro
tho effect that in case of accident, stress
of weather or serious illness the, captain
of a vessel may. ship a Chinese crcw i for
tlwj-voyagre-upon which he may liave en
tered: 'The provisions regarding, the
privilege of transit of Chinese across the
United States are changed in phraseology,
but remain practically the same in effect.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— The Senate
Committee on Immigration to-day agreed
to report the Chinese exclusion bill,
known as the Mitchell-Kahn measure.
It is substantially the same as the modi
fied bill submitted by the Pacific Coast
committee, only a few verbal corrections
having been made. A point which oc
casioned much consideration by the com
mittee was whether or not the Ch'nese
should be excluded from the Philippines,
or whether the whole proposition should
be left to the Philippine Commission.
The Hepburn bill authorizes the Presi
dent to acquire"' territory for right of
way for a canal for Costa Rica and Nica
ragua; directs the construction of a canal
of sufficient capacity to accommodate tna
largest ships from Greytown on the, At
lantic via Lake Nicaragua to Brito on
the Pacific, under the supervision of the
Secretary of War; authorizes surveys of
the harbors at the two ends of the route;
guarantees the use of the canal to vessels
of Costa Rica and Nicaragua, and ap
propriates $10,000,000 for beginning the
work.
Senator Morgan, after the adjournment
of the committee, said that he probably
would report the bill to the Senate to'
morrow. "While he s would use all due d 11
gence in securing consideration of th.9
measure he had' had no conference with
the Republican members of the Senate as
to when the measure should be taken up
for consideration. He had not been
authorized to present a written report and
would not present any beyond submitting
the testimony taken during the committee
hearings. •' )
Ayes— Morgan, Mitchell, Hawley, Plait
of New York, Harris, Turner. Foster of
Louisiana.
Noes— Hanna, Prltchard, Millard, Kit
tridge.
" "WHAT THE BILL MEANS.
Some of the members of the committee
were absent, but as their positions werrs
understood their votes were counted. The
vote for the Hepburn bill stood:
Senator Kittridge mcjved to amend by
postponing action until next Monday, but
his motion was voted down, 4 to 7.
Senator Mitchell's motion was carried
by the same vote, reversed.
When the recitation of the report had
been completed Senator Hanna suggested
that probably the Colombian Minister had
been detained by untoward circumstances
and proposed that action by the commit
tee should be delayed until an opportunity
could be haO to ascertain Colombia's posi
tion. This suggestion met with strong
protests from the friends of the Nica
ragua route, and Senator Mitchell moved
to report the Hepburn bill as it passed
the House.
¦ Morgan .further said that the: Govern
ments of thoee two .Voiiri'thcs had -mani
fested a disposition To ; make^all the "con-"
cessions the United States could ask to
aid. In- the construction of a. canal, an<l
that among these concessions Is one
for perpetual, right of way. . I •
MAKING ALL CONCESSIONS,
The action of the committee was taken
at a called meeting held during the after
noon and came after a brief report by
Senator Morgan, chairman of the commit
tee, detailing the. results of a conference
with- Secretary Hay' as to the status of
'diplomatic negotiations with the Central
American republics concerning the canal.
He stated that the Secretary had told him
that there are no negotiations in progress
between the United States and Colombia
concerning the. Panama route, and' the
new Minister from Colombia had not even
presented his credentials; but that, on the
other hand, the representatives of* thi3
country and t'.iose of Nicaragua ' and
Costa Rica had been in- consultation unu
had agreed upon praetlially all the points
to be covered in concession treaties, noth
ing really being loft in that connection
but to put. the agreement in writing.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 12.— The
Senate Committee on the Isthmian Canal
decided to-day by; a vote of 7 to 4 to re
port the Hepburn bill providing for the
construction of an isthmian canal via. the
Nicaragua route. . '..' ¦ ,
A dispatch from the Pretoria corre
epondent of the London Standard, March
5, said Steyn and General Dewet were
reported to be conferring with General
Botha iri the Utrecht district; of the
Transvaal colony. Utrecht is about 160
miles from Wolvehoeck.
CAPE TOWN. March 12.— During a
skirmish near Pearston, Cape Colony.
March 10, between some British troop3
and Commandant Fouche's force of Boers,
Commandant Ovendaal and Field Cornet
van der Walt werei killed.
j« HEILBRON, Orange River Colony.
March 12.— It is reported that General De
wet and Steyn crossed the main river line
during the night of March 9, four miles
north of Wolvehoek, going west.
BOER OFFICERS KILLED.
Cabling from Brussels the correspondent
of the Standard says he has heard that
General Botha last year concluded a
treaty with the Queen of Swaziland, un
der the terms pf which the Boer forces
were enabled to enter the Queen's-ter
ritory if hard pressed by the British.
While the British anticipate further
burgher aggressiveness in the immediate
future Boers In London incline to the
contrary view. They say Methuens over
throw has put Kitchener and all his offi
cers, on their mettle and therefore the
burghers will be hard pressed for a few
weelfs, possibly meeting with some seri
ous 'reverses However, they admit if
the British commander in chief concen
trates his troops against Delarey and De
wet to the neglect of British interests in
Botha's district that general may improve
the opportunity with vigor.
Secretary of S War Brodrick is said to
have- -sharply... reminded Kitchener that
severe ' measures. Vrmist' be taken, to keep
the British commanders awake and pre
vent f them : from- swallowing stories
shrewdly circulated by the Boers to the
effect- that the burgher military organiza
tion is in a state of collapse.
Renewed rumors to the effect that
Botha's burghers are dissatisfied and
anxious to surrender were dismissed bj
the War Office as unworthy "of notice.
Apparently the fact, is beginning to dawn
on Pall Mall that . the Boers view the
spread of such reports with satisfaction,
bince they act as a sedative on the Brit
ish, both at home and in South Africa.
KITCHENER IS : -ADMONISHED.
There Is apprehension that Botha, De
larey and Dewet are all more or less like
ly to strike unforeseen blows at any mo
ment. The opinion is growing that large
reinforcements alone will enable Kitch
ener to operate effectively against the
Boers while maintaining the present enor
mous force on guard duty. It is feared
that when enough men have been moved
to the Western Transvaal 'to deal with
Delarey, Botha will renew hostilities in
the Eastern Transvaal and Dewet will
lfiuneh an unexpected attack northeast of
Blcemfentein or attempt another raid in
Cape Colon:'.
LONDON, March 12.— Suspense has
again become the dominant feeling in
Great Britain touching 1 probable develop
ments in South Africa.
Boers Said to Have
Arranged for a
'Refuge.
Morgan Carries Point
in Selection of
the Route.
Keeps Out All Coolie
Labor From the
Country.
Severe Penalties Are
to Be Imposed for
Violations.
Decides by 7 to 4 in
Favor of Bill by
Hepburn.
News Out of South
Africa Anxiously
Awaited.
Kahn's Exclusion Bill
to Be Favorably
Reported.
Canal Committee to
Report for Nica=
ragua.
Renewed Alarm Pos=
sesses Residents
of London.
PUTS UP
BARS 0N
CHINESE
AGAINST
PANAMA
SCHEME
BRITAIN
EXPECTS
DISASTER
PRICE FrVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.—NO. 103.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSpAY, MARCH 13, 1902.
GERMAN EMBASSADOR IS ACCUSED
OF CONSPIRING WITH DEMOCRATES
DR. VON HOLLEBEN
IS ARRAIGNED BY
FORMER EMPLOYE
The San Francisco Call.
SENATORS PLEAD
FOR BUILDING UP
MERCHANT MARINENEW PRESIDENT OF THE )
WESTERN UNION TELE
GRAPH COMPANY.
Altgeld came to Joliet yesterday after
noon, having been advertised as the spe
cial orator for the Will County pro-Boer
meeting. He confessed that he was not
in the best of health, having been troubled
¦with Feme apparently simple stomach
aiJment. . He was not willing to allow
that to interfere with his speech, how-
Speech for the Boers.
The medical men here had a banquet
j£Et night, at which T. J. Herrick of the
Kush Medical College of Chicago deliv
ered a lecture on heart disease; He and
other physicians were called from the
banquet to attend the patient. They re
mained with him the remainder of the
night. When the end came they worked
hip arms vigorously to revive respiration,
tut all to no purpose. The cause of death
is given as cerebral hemorrhage, there
having been an apoplectic seizure of the
brain.
Shortly before midnight he became un
conscious. He remained ln this condition
rntil death. At' 3:10 this morning It was
thought he had died, but he revived, and
trom that time until shortly before the
tnc showed wonderful vitality, although
he made no move.
.Altgeld' was 'the principal speaker
at a pro-Boer mass meeting last night In
the Joliet Theater. At the close of his
Fpeech a sudden dizziness seized him and
he was assisted from the stage. Vomit
ing spells ensued and continued for nearly
an hour. The speaking continued, the
audience not understanding what had
happened. Physicians were summoned
end Altgeld was carried to the hotel
acrcsss the street. He retained conscious
ness and urged the newspaper men to
keep the affair quiet for fear of alarm
ins his wife. x
y|- OLIET. IlL. March li.— Former
!| Governor John P. Altgeld died at
I the Hotel Munroe this morning at
(Vi/ 7:<» o'clock.
Take Laxative " Bromo-Quinine '. "¦ Tablets .All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c
To Cure a Cold in One Day
ST. PETERSBURG, March 12,— A num.
ber of engagements^ between the Russian
troops and Tungeses occurred in Man
churia during the past two months. Sev
eral bands of Tungeses; which had' been
raiding and plundering were dispeised and
233 of -the raiders., were killed or wounded.
The " Russian casualties ' were light.
HONGKONG, .March .12.— Marshal Su,
whq, recently: arrived at the 'scene of the
Kwang Si rebellion* and - took command
of the imperial forces, has defeated the
rebels at Lungchow.
Plunderers Are Dispersed by tha
Czar's Troops' After Many Are
Killed.; . ?¦> V- ¦
RUSSIANS HAVE BATTLE
* WITH MANCHURIAN BANDS
In 1884, the year of Cleveland's first'elec
tion, he made the- race for Congress ' from one
of the- Chicago districts, but rwaB- defeated.' In
1886 he was elected one of the Judges of the
Superior Court of Chicago and continued on
the'bench until the end of , his, term^ 1801. ., r.
¦ In 1893 he. was elected- Governor ofTtKe-State
of Illinois, and his first important act after
On being mustered out he returned home," but
soon after went to Missouri, where he . began
teaching school and at the same time studied
law. He continued this work until 1869, when
he was admitted, to the bar. In 1874 he was
elected State's. Attorney;, for his county, ' but
resigned . the : : following • year,; and removed'-to.
Chicago, : where he soon began to, enjoy a good'
practice. •¦.""' ' ' . • ¦ ' ' vt , \. --.-.
John Peter Altgeld was a native of Germany,
where he was. born December 14, 1847. While
he was an infant his parents emigrated with
him to •America and settled near • Mansfield,
Ohio. He attended the public schools until
he was 10 years of age and then enlisted in
the Union army as a private and : fought well
until the close of the war. ¦¦ .. .. ;•
: DENVER, Colo., March 12.-While the
twelve-months-old baby ' of Gustave
Brown, a traveling salesman for Brown
& McCreery, was In its carriage in the
back yard of, the residence at 1214 Gay
lord street, a large cat jumped on th*
Infant and, despite". its screams inhaled
Its. breath until the child! was suffocated
The^mother. .hearing the child's shrieks
rushed out of the house, but was too late
w n ax « ham - was ; hurriedly summoned:
but; all efforts at resuscitation failed.
CAT_ IS THE CAUSE
OF AN INFANT'S DEATE
Animal .Jumps on a Helpless Baby
in a Carriage and Suffo
; cates It. .
Hamoa plantation never, pa'.d even with
sugar at 4% cents a pound. VThe heavy
fall in the price of sugar, & -still' heavier
rise in the rent demanded by the Govern
ment for the lands leased by the planta
tion, labor troubles' and' 'natural' condi
tions that make it Impossible to work. the
plantation with machinery, combined to
make it apparent to the managers tha:.
Hamoa would never pay, and; they . have
decided -to abandon 'the proposition alto
gether. Hamoa plantation wos incorpor
ated with a capital stock of $175>000, in
1750 shares. AH but 110 shares are held by
C. Brewer & Co., H. P. Baldwin, George
N. Wilcox and A. S. -Wilcox of Hawaii,
and Welch & Co. of San Francisco.
Hamoa plantation, on --the - Island : of
Maul, is going out of business, and the in
vestment is a dead loss. The' present crop
will-be harvested and the machinery and
other property of the corporation; sold.
Then the company will disincorporate,
with little for the stockholders. It js . a
close corporation, with practically all of
the -stock in the, hands of several . large
investors, so that thefe will be no general
losses. , ' ' • . -¦ - . '-¦-¦¦ ¦.
i Members of the Builders' Exchange are
mad clear through. » There is talk of a
mass meeting being held, and of seeking
the co-operation of the Chamber of Com
merce and the Planters' Association, to
get all the Japanese labor sent to the
plantations. :¦ ' ' . .-¦.-•"
Builders Not Pleased.
Recently 'appearing as prominent ad
vertisers in a morning paper was the
"Hawaiian Japanese Ballasting Com
pany," prepared to suppiy large drays,
with two horses and two men, for. $6 a
day. -Hitherto ' this work, done by tho
contractors of the Builders' Exchange,
who employ white latapr, has been
charged tor. at $12 a day. At $6 a day,
and the cost of feed for horses and living
forfthe men, there could be very little
left for the wages of white labor. But
if the cut of one-half in prices is not
enough, the Japanese contractors '.have
announced that they will do the work for
$3 50 per day.-
Representations have been made pri
vately to members of Congress on the
subject, but no relief is expected \ from
Washington, because Japanese are at
liberty to come here, work as they please'
and for what they please, provided they
respecjt the laws of . the. country. These
ballasting contractors have sixty double
team drays at work and eighty dump,
carts.. So they are well equipped. They
are also doing much of the street curbing
work in Honolulu.
Japanese Well in Business.
Japanese laborers have not come to
Honolulu solely for the benefit of their
mental and physical conditions. Many of
them have -made money and gone into
business for themselves. Some have
stores. Others are more venturesome
and have become contractors, employing
numbers of their less fortunate country
men.
HONOLULU, March 5.— American labor
has 'more trouble on its hands in Hawaii.
This time it is caused by the Japanese
and not by the Chinese. Incidentally, too,
the newly organized. Association of Mas
ter Builders is affected.
The Master Builders of Honolulu have
just" established an exchange, where
members meet daily! The exchange was
opened with great eclat and speech-mak
ing, Governor Dole being one of those
who addressed the members. One of the
main objects of the exchange is to im
prove the general character of the build
ings now oeing erected here, it being
pointed out that, while some of them
looked well on the outside, they were not
built to endure. And • here the builders
•encountered the Japanese. •"
Special Correspondence to The Call.
Americans Discover Dif
. ficulty. in Hawaiian
v Territory. ••
The following authorized 'statement was obtained at the German embassy to
night:
"The charges are known to the President and to the State Department in
Washington and; to the German authorities in Berlin. They have been investi
gated by the American secret service." It has been established that there is not a
scintilla of truth, in them. The Embassador fully understands the obligations in
cumbent upon a diplojnat, and he has never for a moment gone beyond the line
marked out for" an official in his position. "He has In no» way interfered in the
internal affairs of the United States, and has" had absolutely no connection with
alleged political deals.- So far as the acquisition of Coaling stations is concerned
the German Government has Riven the most positive assurances that it has no
intention of acquiring .them. Witte was employed at 'the embassy several veara
ago. When the work upon which he was engaged was completed there was no
further need for his services and he was discharged. But Witte believed that per
manent provision should be made for him, and he endeavored to have the Em
bassador either re-employ him or send him back to Germany '
•"The Embassador's pity was touched because . the man has a large familv
but he could not re-employ him. The only letters which Witte has which hn
clarms Incriminate the- Embassador are those written by Herr von Holl«»ho« in
his effort to amicably settle the affair. Witte was not satisfied however and
wrote to the Embassador threatening his life. He also prepared and ' fliori
charges with the State Department, which have absolutely no foundation in fact
They cannot be denied too emphatically. The matter is not one which deserves
the attention, of the thinking people of the country. Last summer Witte wpnt
about the country- calling upon German Consuls and demanding monev elsp • hi»
would seriously embarrass the Ernbassaoor. ?. These demands were refused be
cause the Embassador has absolutely nothing to fear. He feels that his condnrt
has been such as to place him beyond reproach." • , '
JoJiet citizens' accompanied the remains.
The funeral cortege through the streets
was headed by the police department.
Several scores of Joliet citizens, repre
senting all parties and professions,
v/alked behind the hearse.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. March 12.—Lieu
tenant, Governor Northcott to-day issued
a proclamation officially announcing the
death of former Governor Altgeld. The
proclamation says: • v '
Born in Prussia in 1S48, John P. Altgeld
came to this country 5 when a child and as
eocn as he was old enough enlisted in the
service of the defense of his adopted. country,
and" bore the part of a true- soldier in- the
closing days of the Civil War. He was an
able lawyer, a distinguished judge, a, man of
ctrong convictions and always courageous in
giving them utterance. In respect to his mem
ory I request that flags on all State buildings
be displayed at half-mast until after his
funeral, and that business ln the various State
departments be suspended, during , the hours of
the funeral. - -.',.' ' • .
f, seat was t0 pardon Fielden, Schwab
and Iseebe, known as "the anarchists" who
were serving sentence for complicity in the
Hay market police murders. This action aroused
ment the most P art unfavorable com-
W i1 n free sllve r question became an is
sue Altgeld' wm one of its most prominent ad
?»t£! es V ? e . w ? s a Democrat in political affil-
Kf« i. n 1S " ran as independent candi
defeated y ° r °' Chlcag0 - ln whIch he -was
He was a freauent contributor to the news
"Chfr PAnai 8fa 1 ?, lne » and also the author of
"& Ou n Atlonsf" ln . ery and ItS Vlctlm *" and
inv^tmpnll^u 0 "?!? anfl '^lunate real estate
tSnp S s A ' t * eId accumulated a large, for
doila'rs Climated as high as six million
DENIAL MADE BY GERMAN ' EMBASSY.
3 Count Quadt, first secretary of the embassy, like his chief, is absent from the
city and will not return until to-morrow. It is, consequently, impossible to obtain
here an authorized statement in answer to the charges. But one of Herr von
Helleben's friends said that the explanation made to the State Department was
the explanation the Embassador. would make to the American people
William A. Ellerich, president of the United German-American Societies said
to-day that he was certain the Embassador had not committed any impropriety
"He has always been careful to impress upon the German-Americans his reel
ognition of the fact- that they are American citizens," said Ellerich. "I have never
heard him Intimate how he desired German-Americans to vote on public ques
tions. He knows his position too well to interfere in the slightest way in Ameri
can affairs and I do not believe there is the slightest ground for the charges made
against him." . ..'. . . -. . &.;-, . - #
"When Witte left, it is said, he communicated his views of the Embassador's
action to' the chief of the embassy. He also claims tq have letters which establish
the truth of his charges, but these letters have not yet been submitted to The
State Department. If they were at hand. then the administration could pass Upon
the propriety of Dr. von Holleben' s conduct.
The attitude of the administration is friendly to Dr. von Holleben. It is not
the intention of officials at Washington to assume for one moment that the Ger
man Embassador would so far forget hirr.seJf as to become involved, even re
motely, with Internal politics of the United* States. So far as the" administration
is concerned, therefore, the German Embassador, until full, and overwhelming
proof. shall have been forthcoming, is absolutely above suspicion. Even should it
be shown that the Embassador was actively at work promoting the campaign of
Bryan, it is doubtful if the slightest attention would be paid to it. Only on the
development of documentary proof in such a sensational way as came about when
the Dupuy de Lome letter found its way into print would the administration be
Inclined to suggest to the German Emperor the advisability of recalling his Em
bassador.
Witte, who, it is declared at the embassy, has violated the confidence of the
Embassador and who is the author of the charges against his former chief, was
generally known in Washington as the press agent of Germany. He frequently
appeared at various newspaper offices with statements friendly to Germany. His
work -was considered of importance; because through it it was hoped to allay
the enmity which existed in this country toward Germany as a result of develop
ments during the Spanish-American war. Just what the trouble was between the
Embassador and Witte, which caused the departure of the latter from the em
bassy, cannot be ascertained, but it is insisted that Dr. von Holleben was not at
fault, j. " . •
ATTITUDE \ OF r: THE ADMINISTRATION FRIENDLY.
layed by the fact that Consul General Bucnz at New York was openly in favor of
the election of McKinley and Roosevelt. But there were 'widely spread reports
of active efforts making to manipulate the German vote.
At one stage of the campaign these reports became so disquieting that Pro
fessor Hugo Munsterberg, an eminent Ge:man professor at Harvard, wrote to
one of the candidates on the national ticket a letter in which he declared that
there was nothing; in> the:report that he or the German Embassador-had any
thing, to do with joining ;tha. Bryan movement. ' This letter is understood to have
been prompted by the reports that Professor Munsterberg was acting i-n sympa
thy with the German Embassy at Washington. ¦ Professor Munsterberg has la
bored in and out of season to promote the good feeling between Germany and
the United States. .. < • . ' -. > ,.. s
It was a speech typical of the old Gov
ernor, who had risen from the towpath
tc the chief office of the State. Death
was at hand, but his voice had all the old
fire and all the old sympathy which had
vron him the hearts of many people. It
was Governor Altgeld who pardoned the
three Chicago anarchists, and whoso
views were called anarchistic, yet his sin
cerity was questioned by few.
The .remains of the ex-Governor were
taken from Joliet this afternoon on a
srecial train over the Alton; leaving at
4.50 o'clock for Chicago. A delegation of
Just before the beginning of the Spanish
war Lord Pauncefote, representing: the aris
tocracy., meddled in our affairs and tried to
unite the governments of Kurope in making
a joint protest against America's interference
In behalf of Cuba. But when the American
people asserted themselves and our Government
was compelled to go to the rescue of Cuba
Kneland issued a strong neutrality proclama
tion, forbidding all of her subjects anywhere
from furnishing us any aid or doing anything
that would in any way be a violation' of the
strictest neutrality. t
Indictment Against Britain.
Altge,ld, In, the speech which was fated
to be his last, declared that all friends of
all humanity owed a debt of gratitude to
Governor Yates for Issuing a proclama
tion soliciting assistance for the Boer
women and children In their concentration
camps which the British maintained In
South Africa. The speaker said the peo-
I-le of America had raised a large sum
of money with which to relieve the dis
tress of the Boer women and children,
but were unable to send it to them be
cause Lord Pauncefote, the British Em
1'assador at Washington, objected to it.
He further charged that Lord Pauncefote
had for years meddled In American af
fairs. There .were eighteen counts and
rpecific charges in Governor Altgeld's in
dictment. He said in substance:
It was noticed during the address that
the former Governor threw an unusual
amount of energy and feeling into his
words, and the collapse, the physicians
think, resulted from overstraining his al
ready weakened physical powers.
Ever since the failure of the Globe Sav
ings Bank in 183S, in which he was in
volved, Altgeld has not been a well man,
and for some months after the Spalding
crash it -was feared that his death- was
only a question of a -short time. • Even
when serving his last year as Governor
his health was none too good. When it
was learned that he was a victim of loco
niotor ataxia his friends gave him up.
But he rallied, although he was never
{.gain his old vigorous self.
ever, his great Interest In the SoXith
African trouble having been heightened
ry the announcement of the Boer success
in the capture of General Methuen.
Continued From Page One.
FORMER GOVERNOR OF ILLINOIS
TO WHOM DEATH CAME WITH
OUT SLIGHTEST WARNING.
CONTRACTS GO
TO JAPANESE
NEW YORK, March 12.— At the
quarterly meeting of the West-:
em Union Telegraph Company
to-day General Thomas T..Eck
ert was elected chairman of the
board of directors and Colonel R. C.
CJowry, now vice president and general
manager of the western division at Chi
cago, was elected president and general
manager of the company.
Colonel Clowry has filled positions with
the Illinois and Mississippi, Missouri and
Western and Western Union Telegraph
companies as messenger, operator, man
ager, superintendent, general superintend
ent and vice president. At the beginning
of the Civil War he was commissioned
by President Lincoln as captain and as
sistant ¦ quartermaster and placed in
charge of the United States military tele
graphs In the departments of Missouri,
Kansa3 and "Arkansas. At the close of
•the war he received a brevet commission
as lieutenant colonel from President
Johnson for meritorious service and de
j voted application to duty.
OR, VON HOLLEBEN ARRAIGNED BY FORMER EMPLOYE
; "Give us the means," said Depew, "by which American ships may be run
under the American flag and then we will build the ships in' competition with
r foreign ship yards." ..¦*¦•
; The New York Senator said he did not know whether Pierpont Morgan had
purchased the Leyland line of ships or. not,, but if he had it was because the lino
could be operated at a profit. He did not know anything concerning the state
. ment that Morgan had expressed no intention of bringing the vessels under the
American flag and giving them an American register. Morgan and those whom
he represented, said Depew, were acute business men. If they could afford to
fly the American flag over their vessels they would do so, but they could not bo
'• expected to fly the American flag when by so doing they -would be forced to run
their ships at a loss. .,
During the past decade, Depew said, $3,SO0,O00;0O0 had been invested by Ameri
can .capitalists in manufacturing industries. Vast sums had been invested in
railroads and mines. Similar immense- sums. had not gone Into American ship
ping because figures could not be produced which would show the investor that
he could get hia money back, not to mention a fair < return upon his investment.
Depew referred to the subsidies paid by Great Britain, Germany and France,
as having contributed largely to the extension of the merchant marine of those
j nations. ¦ ' •. • - .
"One of -the most enlightened and progressive rulers of the Old World," he i
said, "is the present Emperor of Germany. Within the last ten years he has
brought Germany to practically a unanimous support of subsidies, by which the
German merchant marine has rapidly overtaken that of Great Britain."
¦No dissenting voice no?/ was ever heard among the German leaders against the
\ value of these subsidies. Germany was commercially .independent, for now
I wherever the German merchant went he was followed by the German subsidized
mails and merchant vessels. -, .
That enlightened policy Depew hoped to see this country adopt.
"If we havfe on the ocean," said he, "an adequate merchant marine it Is diffi
cult to picture the benefit to American labor which would accrue from the em
ployment of our $500,000,000 of trade balance in our own Industries and among our
own people." ¦
A bill relating to redemption of Hawaiian silver, coins and silver certificates
and the substitution therefor of American silver coins was passed, after the sec
tion giving the territorial government of Ha-wail the benefit of the seigniorage
had been stricken out.
A bill was passed amending the revised statutes so as to allow each major
general of the army to have three aids and each brigadier general two aids, who
may be selected by them from captains or lieutenants. . t .
A joint resolution was agreed to. authorizing army and /navy officers who
served in the Chinese campaign in 1900 to wear the distinctive badges of the
organizations to which they belong on all occasions of ceremony. •
At 4:20 o'clock the Senate, on motion of Cockrell, went into exceutive session,
and at 4:23 adjourned. : . -
WILL COMPETE WITH FOREIGN SHIP YAEDS.
¦ Depew presented figures to. show that the arguments of the opponents of the
bill as. to the prosperity of American ship yards were not well founded. He de
clared that vessels aggregating: 83,000 tons had been constructed in American ship
yards for the foreign trade during the past ten years, while in Great Britain dur
ingone year— the last year available in statistics— 1,500,000 tons of ships had been
constructed. He suggested that the difference between these figures was so ex
traordinary .that., the ..opposition. Senators, ought, to post them up in their com
mittee rooms as a constant reminder of the decline of the American merchant
marine. . , . . i .-.. ..: -
Bacon of Georgia suggested that, In order to be fair and accurate, the figures
of the American construction ought to include the vessels built for the United
States for ' coastwise" trade. These figures -,Depew did not give, but he ' said \they
would not add very materially to the total. • •
Referring incidentally to the present situation in New York, Depew said one
of the greatest handicaps to the national Democracy had. been Tammany. He
said "great hope had been builded upon the fact that a brilliant and cultivated
gentleman . recently had < been placed at tlie head of the Tammany organization.
This was Lewis Nixon, an American shipbuilder. Depew then quoted from a
paper read by. Nixon before a recent annual meeting of an association of naval
architects, In. the course of which he had said that when the United States was
in a position to build several, hundred merchant ships every .. year this country
would.be able. to compete with foreign ship yards. Until such a demand was pre
sented - to .- the United States It wouid be unable .to compete successfully with*
thip construction in foreign yards.'
"We are looking forward to that position, which we are entitled to as a world
power," said Depew, "but as a matter of fact we are crippled because we cannot
open the communications which are necessary to accomplish that commercial re
sult without the active assistance of -the subsidized ships oi our rivals in busi
ness. • ¦ . . ¦¦ -- . : ¦
"It-is a curious fact," said he, "that while our friends, the enemy, referring
to the Democratic Senators, "are so sensitive about the . expenditure of $2,000,00t>
a year to perfect our mail service to places where we hope to have commerce;
they vote for the carrying of mail on profitable mail lines in the domestic serv
ice." , . ¦ ¦ "S?S i :.T, ':¦ ' ''¦'¦.
ENTITLED TO AS A WORLD POWER. v
* the American merchant marine must traverse' "before it can be equal, to that of
the countries named. ' ._ ¦ * _ ¦ '
Colonel Clowry Is Chosen President and Gen
eral Manager of the Western Union.
Former Governor John Peter Altgeld of Illi
nois Passes Away Suddenly.
DEATH'S CALL SUMMONS
AND END HIS ORATORY
VETERAN TELEGRAPHER
RECEIVES NEW HONORS
Continued From Page One,
SENATORS PLEAD FOR BUILDING UP M€RCHAHT MARINE
THE SAN FRANCISCa GALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1902.
2
ADVEBTIS^TVTRNTS.
i^^CARTERS
Positively cured by theso
Littlo Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness^ Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side.- TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Doss.
Small Price.
$?•:•??] OCEAN TBAVEXi.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 »^ Steamers leave Broadway
Mh^^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
KKgSSfeik For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
65'vjS- SS:^W < «^ Skasway. etc.. Alaska — 11
' wirtiS&SE&l »• m.. March 7. 12. IT. 22. 27.
1 F^5S« Val April 1. Change to cor»-
MA_V*fll Fany'a stearr.er3 at Soattli*.
i r^^B^SPaa • or Victoria, Vancouver,
SA ~^*SiWK Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
••.-' • coma, Everett. New What-
com— 11 a. m.T March 7. 12, 17. 22. 27. April 1.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
fWAlaika and O. W. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma toN P. By-: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
F*r Eureka (Himboldt Bay>— 1:30 p. m..
March 8. IS. 18. 23. 28. April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara Port Los Angeles ana Redondo
(Los Anseles)— Spokane. Sundays, 9 a. m.;
State of California. Wednesdays. » a. m.
For Los Angreles. calling at Santa Crua.
Monterey, Saa Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(Saa Luis Obispo). Santa, Barbara, Veatura.
Hueneme. East Saa Pedro, Saa Pedro and
•Newport ('Bonlta only).
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. March 7. 13, 23. 31. April 8.
Cooa Bay, 9 a. m.. March 19. 27. April 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosa-
Ma and Guaymas (Mex)— 10 a. m., 7th ot eacH
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or
¦ailing dates.
TICKET OPPICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JTr>rE 1
STATE OP CAXJFORJJIA ~^,-. JTTNTE 7
Steamships CITT OF PUEBXiA and QUEEN',
leaving* San Francisco May 28 and May SI, re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Stats
of California made regular trips to Nome last
year, landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery at.
(Palace Hotel).
GOODALL.. PERKDT3 & CO, Oval. Ageatsv
10 Market st-, Saa Franclacow
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steam.hlp Xilna *c»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland ta all.
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, all rail op steamship and rail, at
lowest aaua-TJEaa. j
8TEAMEK TICKETS Df CLODS BSKTH tad X2AL&
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 14, 24. April 3 13
SS; GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Mar. 19. 29. April 8. 13
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Mone*y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMEBa "WIL1, LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received en board on day of
sailing.
SS. AMERICA MAHU
SS. HONGKONG *J&8£?:.^.?*
SS. NipPONMARii.^tF^Jiy^y 1^ gg
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply «t company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
' W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
Jfamburg-Jtmericcm.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
A. Victoria. ... April 10 1 F. Bismarck .... May 1
Deutschland . -April 17' Columbia . May 8
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Mottka March 291 Waldersee ADrll V*
¦Patricia April 5 r Pennsylvania .April 23
Hamburg-American Line. 37 G'way N Y
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia M Americana di Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, \% m.
PALENA . . . .March 13 TUCAPEL ... .April 19
SANTIAGO ..March 2S GUATEMALA——-—-
Thf se steamera are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR QUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, |40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Alar. 17
S. S; Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar. 24
S.S. Argyll «ail« Tuesday. April 29
: From Sea. "Wall, Section 1. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market «t.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coaat Agent.
SS. VENTURA, ior Honolulu. Samoa. Auck- J*
land and Sydney. .Thurs., March 20 10 a. nv
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .'
' ...'.... Saturday. March 29, 10 a. m.
SS.'ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ;.
..Saturday, March 29. 2 p. m.
J. D. 3PSEGXELS & 239$. &)., Basra Agents. 327 Marti tt
fen'l Passsngsr Otfics, 643 Markat St., Pur Id. 7. Puffie St
COMPAONIE SSNEBAL3 TSAnSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. /^^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of Alsy^Sw
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. iF"""
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Seconl
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (.Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
AlilBniCiVN XjirSTEJ.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
S*. Louis. Mr. 19. 10am [St. Paul.Apl. 2. 10 am
PKiladelphla.Mr 26,10m I St. Louis. Apl. ». 10 am
RED STAE. liXPSTU.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kensington.Mr 19. nooni Frlesland. Apl. 2. noon
Haverford.Mr 28, noon' South wark. An. 9, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. L>. TAYLOR. G. A. P. C.
30 Montgomery »t.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YAlliJQ,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves •
Vallejo 7 a. m.^ 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
Buna. _
leouf cXtarrh cures"
The Reason Why Intalers and Local
Applications Are Useless.
' For many years catarrh was considered to
be a local disease and was treated entirely by
local remedies, salves, ointments, powders,
sprays and inhalers, and nearly all of these
gave a temporary relief, but a genuine perma-
nent cure was very rare. • s
It is true the most annoying symptoms, like
stoppage of the nose and throat trouble, are
purely local, but they are simply symptoms and
the real seat of disease Is far removed.
Catarrh Is a constitutional disease, a blood
disorder, complicated usually with disease of
the liver, and to suppose that local applications
_of sprays, powders, inhalers, could ever reach
"the real cause of the trouble is ridiculous.
The sensible and successful treatment Is to
remove the catarrhal poison from the system
by regulating the liver and purifying the blood
and this can only be done by an internal rem-
edy, which should consist of antiseptics and
remedies to act vigorously on the blood and
liver.
The be3t preparation of this kind which fills
all tha requirements of a safe . constitutional
treatment is Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, com-
posed of Blood Root, Red Gum and similar
wholesome antiseptics, which - are absolutely
safe to take into the stomach and which act
upon the liver, stomach and mucous mem-
brane. . j ¦
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are large, pleasant
tasting lozenges, to be slowly dissolved ln the
mouth, thus reaching the mucous membrane
and wind-pipe and finally reaching the stom-
ach.
Dr. Edmondson, in speaking of the new
treatment for catarrh, says: "I have accom-
plished the most satisfactory results ' in all
forms of catarrh of the head, throat, bronchial
tubes, as well as catarrh of the stomach and
liver, by using nothing else but Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets. I long since threw aside sprays
and Inhaiers as being inconvenient and at the
best mere temporary make-shifts.
"Stuart's' Catarrh Tablets act immediately
upon the liver and blood and clear the wholo
system of catarrhal poison. They are pleasant
and very convenient to use. and they are not
only the latest, but I believe them to be the
best and certainly the safest treatment for any
form of catarrh."
All druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
at 50 cts. for full sized package.
A little book on cause and cure of Catarrh
mailed free by addressing the F. A. Stuart Co
Marshall, Mich.
2 VISIT, DR. JORDAN'S GREAT tf
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
9 CB 10S1 ITiEZET ST. let. S±47'i, S.r.Cil. A
\ .SJ^ ,,, T1^ L»i?e« Anatomical Muteum In the \
«r — «dfe>r» World.. Weaknesses or any contracted A
A iJ^Fft BR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ tWU^a Consultation free and strictly prWate \
§ B J0\£. fl I'ostment personally or by l»tter A A
\ I W 11 H JH> "*"" Cvt * ta ""T ' casenaaeTUkVa. f
\ I I "^^"w??* MAILED F*e" f A f
h C3 II- ?* lual>I e boot to* mrn) \
f DB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. SF. r
(1 .^patents: ii
.• --V.V..- •'"***. '%"'*-¦_ >*— - <s^ .•-•*><:•,••*•• '' s
HANG ON.
Coffee Topers as Bad as Others*
Jut ,^ ie /' d^ ? r famI1 y- who llv< L d a S e - 2* «•*£ every one of our family. He
VI a^IvJ f * tltnet wa ." a T eat ~ cof " bticam e .very fond of it. and in a short
w^ er and xf continual sufferer time his dypepsia disappeared. He
wiUj t dyspepsia. He admitted that cof- continued using the Postum. and In
fee d sagreed with him. but you know about three months gained twelve
how the coffee drinker will hold on to pounds B iweive
his coffee, even if he knows it causes "My husband is a practicing physi-
PF i. a ' v. dan and regards Postum as the health-
"One day he said to me that Postum iest of all beverages. He never drinks
Food Coffee^had been recommended, coffee, but is very fond of Postum In
and Baggrested that he would like very fact, all of our family are and wp
much to try it I secured a package and never think of drinking coffee any
made it strictly according to directions, more." Mrs. Mary E Brown Water
He was delighted with the new bever- ford. Ya. prown, water-
Postum Is 'delicious If mcde after thefsjmple directions., All grocers
5*11 Posturo- POSTUM-CEREAL CO. Ltd.. Battle Creek;. /Mich. ' °WOMAN WHO HAS ARRANGED
PROGRAMME FOR THE RED
CROSS RECEPTION.
his service with the Govern
ment on Saturday next. In honor of th«
occasion the clerks at the main office will
show their appreciation of their chief by
tendering him a banquet. The affair will
be held at the California Hotel. Covers
-will be laid for more than 200 and an en
joyable time Is expected.
Mr. Cox has endeared himself to his
fellow workers by his kindness and just
.treatment. He worked himself up to his
present position by ener«»— and close at
tention to his duties. There is no more
popular official In the postal service than
Superintendent Cox.
The committee having the banquet In
hand has many surprises in store.
Speeches will be made by the heads of the
department and an orchestra will be in
attendance. The tables and banquet hall
will be beautifully decorated for the occa
sion. " ' ?' * :
AM. COX, superintendent of de
- livery at the San Francisco
Fostoffice, will celebrate the
O -twenty-seventh anniversary of
SUPERINTENDENT OF IXEL.IVERY
WHO WILL. BE TENDERED A
BANQUET SATURDAY EVENING.
The Maccabee officials are not named in
the complaint, which was made by Sheriff
Maines on information and belief secured
in court from Supreme Recorder George
J. Siegel and his books. The county of
ficials say ; they had become convinced
PORT HURON, Mich., March 12.—
Charles D. Thompson, ex-supreme finance
keeper of the Supreme Tent, Knights of
the Maccabees, who some time ago con
fessed to a shortage of $57,000, was ar
rested to-day on a complaint sworn out
by Sheriff Maines. -
The warrant contains nine counts, four
of which charge Thompson with having
embezzled $57,000 between February 12,
1901. and August 12, 1901. Four other
counts charge him with having violated
the State law regulating the responsibility
of insurance agents to their companies
and the ninth count charges him with the
larceny of $57,000. I
Thompson, when arrested, was taken to
the Police Court for arrignment. He re
fused to plead and the court entered a
plea of not guilty. Bail was fixed at $6000
and was furnished. His examination was
set for March 18.
Former Officer of Macca
bees in a Serious
Predicament.
KEEPER OF COIN
TAKEN TO JAIL
Delay leaves a mother and two sisters
one of whom. Daisy Delay, is a school
teacher in Callente.
that the Maccabees did not intend to
prosecute Thompson and for that reason
Sheriff Maines made the complaint.
Delay evidently had been thrown from
the horse, which was but partially broken
to ride, and then dragged to his death in
the slough. In his hand was tightly
clasped the mail which, he was carrying
to Sunset. His foot was tightly wedged
in the stirruD.
BAKERSFIELD, March 12.— William
Delay, a young man employed as a line
rider by Jewett & Blodgett in the Sunset
district, left this cit> last evening on
horseback for Sunset with some mail. Not
long afterward a riderless horse was seen
standing in Panama Slough, six miles
south of this city. When the animal was
roped arid led from the water the body of
the young man was found hanging Irom
a stirrup.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Unseats Rider and Drags
Him Into Waters of
a Slough.
HORSE INFLICTS
HORRIBLE DEATH
Cornelius Mooney, who was left but $1
in the will of his brother, Michael
Mooney, Is contesting the will. He aJ
leges undue influence and unsoundness of
mind. He charges that his brother, who
was more than 70 years of age • when he
died, was deluded into the belief that his
relatives were seking to secure his prop
erty by the people who cared for him dur
ing his last Illness. *
According to the contestant, the de
ceased, who was 75 years of ago at the
time of his death, was so much under
the control of Miss Clarke that she pre
vailed upon him to execute a will in her
favor. •. -
A contest of tho will of the lat* George
Hudson was filed yesterday by PhlnoA*
Hudson, a brother of tho deceased. Tho
contestant alictren unsoundncEs of mind
and undue Influence. Hudson, who was at
one time a prominent attorney in this
city, died in April, 1698. Ho left an estate
valued at 115.000 to Charlotte K. Clarke, a
teacher In tho Mission Grammar School,
cutting off his three brothers and a num
ber ox nephews and nieces.
Alleges That Deceased Was Unduly
Influenced by Miss Charlotte
Clarke, a Schoolteacher.
PHINEAS HUDSON CONTESTS
THE WILL OF HIS BROTHER
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
. OF THE PACIFIC COAST
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
WASHINGTON, March 12.— The Post
office ' Department to-day announced the
following: Postoffice discontinued June
30, California— Presidio, San Francisco, to
be made a station of San Francisco. Post
master commissioned, California—Har
land E. Elder, Semitropic. Appointed,
California— Mary Hennessey, Burnt
Ranch, Trinity County, vice P. O. M.
Hennessey, -deceased; A. M. Elledge, Hes
peria, San Bernardino County, vice. Rhi
nard Mabee, resigned; F. B. Merrill, Tib
uron, Marin County, vice J. F. O'Connell,
removed.
These- pensions were granted:
California: Original— William F. Ru
pert, Corning, $6; Francis Stevens, Santa
Rosa, $8; Franklin L. Bower, Ontario, $G;
James P. McKinney 1 , Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $12;- Hamilton S. Patterson, Sar
atoga. $12. Widows— Ella Lavina Hewitt,
Sacramento, $8.
Oregon: Increase — Russell B. Johnston,
Soldiers' Home, Roseburg, 910; Henry
Bursell, Silverton, $12; James F. Ulm.
Dilly, f6.
Washington: Increase— David S. Bot
tle. Tacoma, $10. % ••;
Army orders announce that Captains
Charles P. Stivers, Frederick II. Pomeroy
and William Elliott, commissaries, are
relieved from duty in the Philippines and
ordered to San Francisco, Captain Albert
Laws, Twenty-fourth Infantry, is relieved
from duty In the Department of Califor
nia and will join his company In the
Philippines.
BOOT MA^ES AW APPEAL
FOR THE CONSOLIDATION
Secretary of War Urges New Arrange
ment of Several of the De- f
pnrtments.
WASHINGTON/ D. C. March 12.-Sec
rctary Root .to-day made an argument
before the Senate Committee on Military
Affujrs in support of the bill creating a
general staff and consolidating the Quar
termaster's, the Commissary and the Pay
bureaus of the army under one head, to
be known as the Supply, Bureau*
He eald that the experience of the de
partment during the war with Spain had
demonstrated the wisdom of thlB consoli
dation, arid that It was demanded by a'l
considerations of expediency, efficiency
and economy. He said the creation of a
general staff would give an official stand
ing to many war officers now detailed for
special work in the War Department. ,The
work upon which they. are engaged, he
said, the preparation of plans for military,
operations, -etc., is very necessary in case
of hostilities. The .committee did" not
agree upon the bill.
door, and another In Oriental dress served
the refreshments.
• • •
Miss Lucie King entertained a dozen of
her friends at tea on Tuesday afternoon
at her home, 1219 Jones street.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Mau entertained
about twenty-five guests on ! Tuesday
evening. at their home, 1327 Sutter street.
Cards were the feature of the evening and
the game was seven-handed euchre.
• • ¦ •
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Cooper gave- a din
ner on Tuesday evening for a few friends
at the University Club.
• •¦ •'
Mrs. W. H. gave a luncheon
yesterday complimentary to Miss Mabel
Philips and Mrs. Charles Cheney. The
decorations were Oriental and included
many spring blossoms. The guests were:
Mrs. Charles Cheney, Miss Mabel Philips,
Miss Maude Lane, Airs. William Brewer,
Mrs. Blake. Mrs. Kamden, Mrs. Henry
Martinez, Mrs. William Manning, Mrs.
Allen, Misses Elsie and Catherine Wright
and Miss Frances Cox.
• • . •
Mrs. John F. Merrill, who is one of the
committee on arrangements for the re
union of the Red Cross societies, to be
held in the nave of the ferry building on
Saturday, is arranging an interesting pro
gramme. There are to be seven or eight
selections by the Presidio Band; the
Knickerbocker Quartet will sing war
songs; the Naval Band will give some
musical numbers; fifty young naval ap
prentices from Goat Island will give a
drill: Herbert W. Lewis will speak upon
the Red Cross work In Galveston; • Mrs.
Richard Bayne will sing. "The Star
Spangled Banner, and Mrs. McCalla, wife
of Captain McCalla, will outline what the
Red Cross can do for sailors. Mayor
Schmitz is also expected to be present
and deliver an address of welcome.
No invitations to individuals have been
issued, as has been erroneously an
nounced, but every one is Invited through
the columns of the press. Refreshments
will be served without extra charge, as
this is included in the price of admis
sion. 50 cents. Tickets may be procured
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s and at the door
on Saturday.
• • •
Commander Thomas Nelson, U. S. N. f
retired, and Mrs. Nelson have issued in
vitations to the marriage of their daugh
ter, Miss Florence Nelson, to Ensign Wal
ter Benjamin Tardy. U. S. N. A number
of friends on Mare Island will attend the
wedding, which will take place in the
Naval Academy chapel March 22. Ensign
Tardy arrived in San Francisco last Mon
day. He has been on duty In the Philip
pines.
• • •
General Shafter, Mr. and Mrs. McKit
trick and Miss Redmond have returned to
their ranch near Bakersfield after spend
ing a few days In the city.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. James Lewis Board' left
yesterday for Santa Barbara, accom
panied by Mrs. Board's two sisters, Mrs.
Newell and Mrs. Craigg.
• • •
- Mrs. William Tevis and children left
Tuesday for their mountain ranch, forty
miles from Bakersfield.
• • •
Mrs. George D. Greenwood and Miss
Gertrude Allen have returned from Coron
ado Beach. ¦ ¦.¦ - ¦ •
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. George Grey ,and the
Misses Grey have returned to Oakland.
They have been for some time past at the
Cumberland in this city.
• • •
Miss Susie Lacour is visiting relatives
at San Jose.
Mrs. Fred H. Hanson entertained about
fifty of her friends\ last evening at her
horae. 1224 Haight street. An excellent
musical and literary programme, made up
of pleasing song6 by S. Homer Henley,
cleverly executed piano selections by
Samuel A. Boyd, and , interesting mono
logues by Mrs. Har.son was rendered.
Th*> generous number of encores proved
that the audience enjoyed the entertain
ment. A game of whist *ras played ijntll
11 o'clock, when dancing- began and con
tinued for the rest of the evening. The
house was decorated to represent a Jap
anrse fiower garden, hung with beautiful
Japanese lanterns. * while roses and
Fmilax were everywhere visible. A Jap
anese boy in native costume opened the
Mrs. E. G. Schmiedell received a num
r>*> r of callers at her residence, 2400 Steiner
Ftreet. yesterday, the occasion being the
last of her at home days for the present
season. •
Mrs. Joseph D. Grant pave a small
luncheon at her residence, 2200 Broadway,
yesterday. _ _ _
Miss Ardella Mills gave a delightful tea
at her home on Jackson street yesterday
afternoon, complimentary to Mrs. Reg
inald Belknap, who was before her mar
riage Miss Julia Averill. The tea was
quite informal. The decorations were
simple but artistic. Miss Ethel Cooper
pud Miss Lude King- presided over the
chocolate. Twenty friends of the young
hostess wpre present and were charming
ly entertained.
Mrs. Andrew McCreery, Mrs. William Bab
cock. Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mrs. Chauncey
Rose 'tt'inslow. Mrs. Timothy Hopkins. Mrs.
William H. Crocker. Mrs. Georre Crocker,
Mrs. William Ashburner. Mrs. Cyrus Walker.
Mrs. WilUasi A. McKittrick, Mrs. John D.
:?precke!s, Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs. John
B. Bibcock, Mrs. Lauranoe Irving Scott, Mrs.
Oscar Fitzalon Long-, Mrs. Hyde-Smith and
Sirs. P. McG. McBean.
drew McCreery, who Is paying
a visit to San Francisco. Pink and white
spring blossoms were lavishly used for
decorating the table at which the twenty
guests were seated. Everything was per
fectly appointed for the luncheon, and
Mrs. Martin entertained with her usual
charming cordiality. The afternoon was
marked by the success that always at
tends the affairs given by this charming
hostess. Those present were:
nRS. ELEANOR MARTIN gave
a delightful luncheon at her
residence, 2040 Broadway, yes
terday, in honor of Mrs. An-
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 12.—Over
tures have been made for compromise of
the conflict -over tariff concession to
Cuba, and there are evidences that the
two elements will come together, probably
on a proposition to have the 20 per cent
reciprocal reduction apply for one year
from next December, and covering the
sugar crop. . ¦ - -
. It is understood that Chairman Payne
and Representative Dalzell made the
overtures toward an agreement. One of
the leading members of tne opposition
said that Payne and Dalzeil hau made
the suggestion to' him and had asked for
an answer. _ This was followed by. a hasty
canvass of oppqsition members, which
developed wide difference of views.
Representative William Smith said no
compromise would.be accepted until at a
meeting where it couid be considered de
liberately. Representative Tawney said
the limitation of time was immaterial and
that no compromise could be effected
which affected manufactured products
without similarly affecting unmanufac
tured products. . ¦ . : .
Soon after the overtures of compromise
were made the leaders of the element op
posed to the Ways and Means Committee
plan called a conference in the rooms of
William Smith. Thirty members were
present and the discussion lasted about
two hours. The sentiment was rather
unfavorable to accepting the plan/ of 20
per cent reduction for the year from next
December, and some of those present fav
ored rejecting the plan. But it was urged
against this course that so long as over
tures for adjustment had been made in
good faith, it was only proper to meet
the committee representing the Ways and
Means, and Payne" and his associates
therefore were advised that they would
be met by -a committee from the other
side. ' . .
During the meeting the statement was
made that one of the beet' sugar advo
cates had been assured by representatives
of the Ways and Means Committee that
the plan of compromise I would not cover'
this year's sugar crop, and would anpiy
only to the crop of next year, harvested
prior to December, 1903. Some doubt ex
isted, however, as to these assurances,
and it was considered quite vital to learn
with definiteness whether the 20 per cent
reduction would apply to two crops or to
one.
It was stated afterward by Ways and
Means Committee members that the com
promise plan ,would affect two crops— that
of this year and next— allowing 20 per
cent off on each. There was no purpose,
it was stated, to limit the reduction to a
single crop. This matter probably will be
left to the arbitrating committee, with the
indications that the beet sugar conferees
will insist on limiting the reduction to
one crop, that of next year, and with that
limitation will be inclined to accept' the
plan of compromise. •
A full conference of the opposition to
Cuban concessions will be held to-morrow
prior to meeting representatives of the
Ways and Means Committee.
TRAINS WILL HAVE
QUICK TELEPHONE SERVICE
Railroad Companies Arrange to Pro-
vide a NoveJ Convenience for
Their Patrons. -
CHICAGO, March 12.— In connection
with the overland limited trains, the man
agements of the Chicago and Northwest
ern, Union Pacific and Southern -Pacific
railroads have decided to provide a quick
service telephone system for the use of
patrons of trains arriving at stations in
Chicago, Omaha and San Francisco. This
innovation, the first of its kind in the
world, will be started about April 1, when
the equipment will be ready for service.
Many patrons of the overland limited are
business men, to whom such telephone
service. will prove valuable.
There will be a special wire connection
between trains and stations and rapid
connection will permit the use of a tele
phone to within thirty seconds of the
leaving time for the train. It has been
decided to make up the overland limited
trains at least forty-five minutes before
the scheduled leaving time at both 'ends
of the transcontinental ' route. The tele
phone will be in the rear of the observa
tion car, which will be nearest to the sta
tion entrance, and the receiver will rest
on a mahogany desk. There will be • a
telephone boy fir charge.
The meetings of the Central Labor
Union and the Building Trades Council
to-morrow night are awaited with great
interest. It is well known that the -Cen
tral Labor Union is not pleased with the
manner in which the strike has been con
ducted, especially with the fact that it
was rot consulted before the strike was
ordered. There is a» very strong feeling
against ordering a sympathetic strike on
this account, but it is the general belief
that, although such action will be bit
terly fought, the meeting will indorse the
strike to the extent of ordering, out' the
ninety bodies affiliated in Its membership.
It is also believed that the Building
Trades Council will take similar action
as a matter of principle,
The effect of the strike is being left
severely in near-by manufacturing towns.
At Lynn shoe factories employing in the
segregate 3000 hands have been forced to
shut down because of the failure, to re
ceive consignments of leather, and some
other establishments are running on half
time. At Somerville a pork packing con
cern which ordinarily employs 1200 hands
has laid off about half of the men and
may be obliged to suspend operations en
tirely.
The strike of coal teamsters was one of
the most aggravating features of the day
and its effect was quickly felt at hotels,
restaurants and places having accommo
dation for only a limited supply of coal.
The brewery employes will, it is said, be
locked out by Priday if the strike con
tinues, as the supply of coal on hand at
the various breweries will give out by
that time and work will have to be sus
r»ended.
Freight business at the various ; rail
roads, wharves and docks has been al
most at a etandstill to-day, and the mov
ing of accumulated merchandise is be
coming a serious matter to merchants.
The railroad company against which tho
strike is chiefly directed, the New York,
New Haven and Hartford, shows no in
clination to ask for interference by the
National Civic Federation and reiterate3
what it has said from the first— that its
duties as 'a common carrier are defined,
by the law and that it is compelled to
handle all freight delivered to It, whether
by union or non-union teams, and that it
has no option in the matter. This posi
tion, if adhered to by the company, may
result in the refusal of the federation to
interfere in the quarrel, as it desires • a
request from both sides before taking up
the matter. . . :
The answer from Senator Hanna does
not leave a further opening for working
for an immediate settlement.
"Until the railroad officials consent to
having the differences considered, by the
arbitration board there ' is nothing more
that we can do. They are obdurate,
therefore our hands are tied. The Gov
ernor and myself have done all in our
power to render assistance."
During the day Governor Crane had a
long talk with the committee of the Al
liea Transportation Council, having the
strike in charge, but at its conclusion
he announced that he could see no way at
present of solving: the problem.- Later he
sent for Mayor Collins and the two ex
ecutives were in conference for some
time. A little later the Mayor made a
statement that he had no power to act.
He said further:
This conference, which is due in a large
measure to the influence of Governor
Crane, was arranged late this evening, at
a meeting of representatives of the Bos
ton Chamber of Commerce, the Boston
Associated Board of Trade and the Bos
ton Merchants' Association with the
State Board of Arbitration. Everybody
present realized the seriousness of the
situation, and after an interchange of
opinions it was decided that the best way
of getting at public opinion would be to
call a conference of the business men of
the city.
BOSTON, M^rch 12.— With twenty thou
sand men idle, their ranks likely to be
greatly swelled by sympathetic votes of
the Building Trades Council and the Bos
ton Central Labor Union, which will meet
to-morrow night, and the entire city be
ginning to suffer from the effects of con
gested traffic, the only ray of light visi
ble to-night in the strike situation is tho
hope that a. conference of business Inter
ests which has been arranged for to-mor
row may lead to a settlement. |
Towns . in Massachusetts Suffer Se
verely Because of the Compulsory
Stagnation of Business Due to
Industrial Differences.
Full Conference of the Opposition to
Cuban Concessions Will Be
Held To-Day to Consider
the Question.
National Lawmakers May
Find New -Way Out of'
Twenty Thousand Idle Work
men Await the Set- '
tlement.
Efforts to Unite the
Two Conflicting
Elements. •
Labor Troubles in Bos
ton Show Signs of
Increasing.
BIG STRIKE
NOW CREATES
A NEW ALARM
COMPROMISE
OVERTURES ON
CUBAN TARIFF
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1902.
Postal Delivery Superintendent Cox Will Be
Given a Banquet by Clerks.
FELLOW-WORKERS HOLD
HIM IN HIGH ESTEEM
Invites Friends to Meet Mrs. McCreery— Red
Cross Programme Is Completed.
MRS. MARTIN ENTERTAINS
QUESTS AT LUNCH PARTY
3
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOTTinX
"Saved My Life and Kept
Me From Insane Asylum"
- Mrs. Wilcox is Now in
Perfect Health Through
No Other Agency Than
PAINE'S
Celery Compound
Earnest and Candid Statements
Made by a California Lady.
The absolute need of an honest and gen-
uine invigorator and health giver In th«
spring season Is deeply Impressed on th»
mind of every thinking : and : intelligent
man and woman. .
. The happy cure of Mrs.. J. E. WUcox of
"Winters, Cal., through the use of Palne's
Celery Compound, created. widespread as-
. tonlshment and joy. amongst- her friends
and neighbors, who were exceedingly anx-
ious regarding her condition. ;
The best medical treatment failed even
to give Mrs.. Wilcox a few days of relief
from her sufferings of mind and body. At
last, Palne's Celery Compound saved her
from a terrible end and planted her feet
firmly on the rock of health.
Head Mrs. -Wllcox's letter of testimony,
dear reader, and if you remain obdurats
and unbelieving after such ah earnest and
convincing confession of cure, nothing but
a direct act of Providence can snatch you
from the dangers and perils of your posi-
tion. Mrs. Wilcox says:
"I feel it my duty to tell you ¦ what
Paine's cfelery Compound did for me.
Some years ago my head troubled me so
that it seemed I should be crazy. *t was
caused by overstudy. I asked thw advice
of two doctors who gave me medicine to
no effect, and I did not know what I
would do. I did not want to see any one,
everything seemed so strange. I had a
tired, lagging feeling, my bowels were out
of order, my kidneys troubled me, and I
felt badly, but before I had taken half of
one bottle of Paine's Celery Compound I
felt like a new person. Four bottles cured
me and I would recommend it \o all who
feel the way I did. I can't praise it half
enough, for I know it saved my life and
kept me from imprisonment in an insana
asylum, which Is as bad as death."
DIAMOND DYES. The onl y » U V «»«.na-
adulterated. Never crock! Never fade!
imitation"
Is the sincerest flattery; but some Imita-
tors of our methods are not successful in
duplicating all our excellences— hence fail ,
in giving satisfaction. All we ask is a
fair trial of our work and ways, a can-
did opinion thereon. Do you know our
prices? Had in answer to a postal, lettar
or personal call. Quick work, good work,
fair dealing, fair prices, our watch-
words.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES~TaUNDRY ASSN.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
- Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave,
§ DR. MEYERS & CO,
SPECIALISTS fO3 ME*.
Established 13XL Coa-.
saltation and prtvaU boo«
fre« at office or by mxix,
Cures suarmataad. >;
731 MARKET SI.
EAN 7RANCXSCO. CLUU.
The "Dr. ?!&. Allen EiectKc
Belt" (with '2KMfc • n s p e nsory) :s
guaranteed vr^v- to possess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
cow sold by doctors and druggists. It gives
a very strong current of electricity and la
easily regulated. Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 208 Post st., San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. New Tork.
Dfi. HALL'S RElNViG0RAT0RpT35i
Stops all losses In 24 hours, five nJW Jfe?
hundred reward for any case w« KEms Bin
cannot cure. This secret remedy ' Q »l
cured Emissions, Impotency. h99| IBB
Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, »fl SFfll
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- LlIJ iLTj
hood and all other wasting ef- jpEfl J 1
fects of self-abuse or excesses. fclrtinBaJ
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. (5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. Also for sal* at 1073*
Market St., S. F. Send for- free book. )
«a dlUlJIIto^i irt BI * P Ia • non-potaonotw
_/-imSatrMiTi3ffl t° ma>i^ for Gonorrhoea -
4^MIm^m.tnfH 9 mSBi &«•*< Spermatorrhma,
JfiSgr CURES xy Whitaa. ann»tnr»l 4l»~
BEjaf I* 1 u » d»j«. U charge*, or »nr lalltomt.
#SCY Oa»r»at»«l u *" Hon. lrrltatiou or nlcarft-
Bdf rrtfiat •oni.iioo. tloa °f mucous mem-
WA«NClNUTI.0.|HH|or sent In plain wrapyer.
torr bo?t7,r»iTi or
II Circular sent «a request.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IRON.
J CWII^flW * fft 900 Battery Straet.
J- W» niLJUtl g WU«. Telephone Main M64.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RflYF^fcrO Shipping Butchers. 10*
JA3- DUIEJttWU q a y. Tel. Main 1894.
OILS.
LUBRICATING • OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St.. 3. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINO.
EC-HUGHES. C u ££££%.¦.*.
SPRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
H1CKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First street. Saa Fraadjo*
DB. PIEUCE'S REMEDIES.
A A Tiling of ffie Past,
The town crier is a thing of the past,
but medical methods as old and as obso-
lete zs the town crier are still practiced
in many a country town. Women suf-
fering from womanly diseases shrink
from the offensive jtj^
examinations, in- T^Vijf^,"
celicate question- jr ,ot^i
ings, and obnoxious p*£
local treatments, \C$rtfyJB&
6till in Toarue with d^^^ffij*£\^
some locsl pracli- ip^ftSw^w
tioners. Any sick fc |^^l
Tvonian is invited to EiL'*£r*§rt""isA
consult Dr. Pierce, tg$nl||gls2a§n
by letter, free, and pX^^^^^^a>
to avoid methods pw^£\V l **'y@5|j;
vrhich are Oilensive pSV$23fc2£b\
to her modesty. All wJ&lS I 8a
correspondence is &*%&£.
held as strictly pri- a ?mk fp£*8y
vcte and sacred] y $'"-=|?M^*fl«3
confidential. Ad- W J$ffifi»JsMk
dress Dr. R. V. H i;li||.:§
Fierce, Eu5alo,N.Y. V-j '«S^§?
Dr. Pierce's Fa- 'fflk HjfwHgfflr
rorite Prescription '^|j |SJu*$|
jJl* '-Tticularl v a nifd- $3 Vfi
ficLnc for the cure _*J| Mi
e**ses. x t e 5 1 a o - c^*^J>
lishea regularity,
dries weakening drains, heals inflamma-
tion and ulceration, and cures female
treakneas.
"You hare rr.y heart -felt thanks for the kind
•dvice you »cnt me." writes Mr*. Florence
(Archer, cf Eason. Macon Co.. Tcoa. "Wortlt
.•fall to express what I endured for about cisrht
iyears with female trouble. The awful pain that
J had to esdurr each month, no tongue can
•expre**. These beariog-down pains, backache,
'Yiruc.uihr. distress in my etomach and sores in
any breast, cramp in limb*— they have all left
|nie and health has taken the place of these dis-
tressing troubles. What caused them to leave ?
•Jt wo» the bc»t medicine on earth— Pr. Pierce'*
'Favorite Prescription. In one week'* time I
a*Kats to feel better. After taking «ix bottles of
the 'Favorite Prescription • and ucing the local
treatment you advised I felt like a new woman."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets should
always be used witlj "Favorite Prescrip-
tion " whenever a laxative is required.
SUMMER RESORTS.
DAY STATE HOUSE,
EANTA CRUZ, CAL.— MARCH. 1 MRS. LV-
D1A MATlUfaON will open the Bay St&U
House and Cottages for the season, newly fur-
i.. flied and refitted. Those who know the lady's
wid* reputation Xor pood cooking will readily
understand that the table will be the chief
WVature of tb« menage of the Bay State. The
.coos* is beautifully situated on Beach Hill,
close to the bathing beach. An attractive home
tor either the cummer or winter at moderate
rates.j Open the year roifnd. For terms ad-
dress: MRS. LYDIA MATHISON Bay State
Beuaa and Cottaf ea, Santa Cruz, Cal.
I There arc a good many ways tq test the goods. The first and foremost way is to
1 wear them. The next is a chemical test' by experts. 1 The next is the. judgment of some
H one familiar'/ with goods of all kinds./,
1 s Wc subject bur cloth to the last two tests when we buy it. But the crucial test is
| made byyou. But we doVt make you take the risk. Our, guarantee goes with every, one
i of our made-to-ordcr suits. INs money-back if you are dissatisfied and a year's repairing
H free if you are pleased with the clothes and keep them.
H We protect yqu in your test of the materials. Come-in and get some of our sam-
H 718 iVlarket Street and Cor. Povve!! and Eddy Streets ||Judge Gook yesterday signed the death
warrant. for> the execution of;Chaw |^an
Ong, , the confessed • murderer of jhe I boy,
Glng Do IHng. Tho execution^ Js to take
place at/San Qucntlri Juno 6. Attorney
McCloskey.gave notice "of appeal to the
Supreme- Court. Judge Cook almost im
mediately prepared a bill of exceptions, no
tnaf.the matter can bo, disposed, of at the
April 'sittings of the court and not.Inter
fere with the cxecutlqn if the appeal is
decided iinfavontbly to the appellant.
Death Warrant . Is Signed.
Second race — Six furlongs, selling; . three
yt-nr-olds and upward. • .
(3405)E«tado 103i ."»37n Skip Me....,.1O7
(3201 >nerendos .:...!(« 3100 Tlzona .......100
'Ml* Claranda '..... 1fl7|(H107)Rublno ...... f>7
2073 Mike Strauss.. 10J), ;uii) Mcxsorlto ..."..107
84I» Gold Haron...Kif>! {OBiiU LHAthEchd.112
3108 Ddrecn ......38! 3300 Spnora Caeear. 107
Third race — Four furlonge, selling;: two-year
olds. • ¦ -.'."' .--.¦•,, ' ¦':
3416 NfBrette 100i (3420)Gulda* . . . . . .';10»
.'u-ju lii-iP'-Knn . ...,1f<>| 3127- Huilmjn ...'... 1W
r3«5 Uub Martin.. 100. —^
... Rionda 100 3370 I. O. U 100
.'I2S2 Yrsula ..; 107 Syce ...10ft
S:',l)5 Sleep'* Child.. 100 3125 Mythrox 112
3188 R. Conner II.10i> .... Forest King. .112
:W'J5 My r'd Dancer. 100 3258 Baltest ......lft)
3407 Blackthorn ...117 3335 All ........... 100
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race — Five and a halt furlongs, selling;
maiden three-year-olds.
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Mythrox, Baltcut, Yrmila.
¦ s»cond race— Doreen, Kstado, Sonora Caecar.
Third reLC* — Nicrnt^e. Vc\segno, Ouida. , ;
¦ Fourth iflM— WanGyle. Impromptu, Bragnr. ,
Fifth race— Duckoy, The Giver,. Col. Ballan
tyne. •¦;. y ••'¦/ •• • . ¦ .
tixth race-Eunello, Cougar, Meropi.
Sixth race — One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward.
3407 The Fiddler, .lor. (3122)Sunelln . .' lo;
SOT!) Aloha II 10fi\.1434 MaJ. Hooker. *101
3307 Cougar ...... .104. 3420 Or" nd Sachem. mi
MAO Ben. Mattn, . . . 105 ¦ 3430 Merops 101
¦ Fifth race— One mile, the -Castro handicap;
three-year-olds and upward.
f.1411)C. Ballantyne.100 3411 Galanthus ... 05
(3899)Duckoy . . . . ..\\'± 3417 Waterscratch..l00
3J31 The. Giver.... 103 3303 Frangible ....101
Fourth race— Seven furlongs, Belling; three
year-olds and upward. : . •;
3423 Bragg ...;;.. 1 01 j 3303 MacGyle 108
3356 Barnato . .". ..1111 (3416)Improny>tu ..110
With morn luck' at the Htart Frank
Wood* would just about have landed tho
second race. He socmed, to run mora
Icindly with blinkers on.
"fiprck" Tronnor rode hta first race for
•¦Jjt>H" Kountaln on Jinglcr. He squeezed
through about an inch of daylight at the
eighth pole, taking tin? lead, but his
mount could not stand the- racket.
"Snock" will make a. jockey sure, for he
it Lrirht and possesses the nerve.
The great four-mile Thornton stake will
be decided on Saturday. This event usu
ally evokes more real -interest and enthu
siasm than any other stake run during
the season. Unless a dark horse looms up,
the issue looks to lie between Ldzzella
and Siddons. The former mare shines at
her best on a lightning fast track, while
if the going should be heavy, Siddons ap
pears to have the prize at his mercy.
Conley, who bad the mount on Georgle
West, was fined J25 by the judges for
rough riding.
.Troxler and Ransch kept up their good
¦work' in saddle, each placing two winners
over tho plate.
Track Notes.
Max Grovers; a pawnbroker, Hying at
1042^ Howard street, was arrested yester
day by Detective T. B. .Gibson on a war
rant-charging him" with assault with a
deadly weapon. The complaining 1 /witness
Is James W.Hlnkle, a collector for Madi
son &-Burko, real estate agents. Hinkle
alleges that he called upon Grovers Tues
day, morning? for the rent.. whereupon
Grovers got angry, seized a piece of iron
and aimed a blow at his head. Hinklo
threw up his arm and received the blow
on -it. Then Grovers chased him around
the block. . ' , '
Grovers' Way of Paying Bent.
The Lenten service at St. Paul's Epis
copal Church last night was largely at
tended. The Rev. E. B. Church delivered
a profound lecture, "lie Shall Come
Again." and the Rev. B. M. Weeden chose*
for hia subject "To Judge Quick and
Dead." "Who Spake By The Prophets"
was the subject of the Rev. • C. Macon's
discourse. A full choir rendered the
sacred music. The Lenten service i next
Wednesday will be . conducted art St.
John's Church, -when the Rev. J. W. Nich
ols, tho Rev. H. S. Jeffreys and the Rev.
E. JL. Parson will deliver sermons.
Lenten Service at St. 'Paul's.
James J. Barry, father of former Jus
tice of the Peace Barry, and a resident of
San Francisco since the early '60's, died
suddenly at his home at 417 Van Ness ave
nue last night of heart disease, lie had
been ailing for some days, but was able
to be around. Ho went for a walk in the
afternoon, and on, returning home he com
plained of feeling badly. Shortly after
ward he collapsed, and before medical aid
could reach him he was dead. Tho de
ceased was born In Ireland seventy-aeven
years ago, and came to San Francisco in
1863. For a number of years he held the
position of messenger for the Supreme
Court.
James J. Barry Dies Suddenly.
The tr.'al < I lllwar.J Duncan on the
charge ot murdertng George W. Rice, tho
non-union machinist, at Twentieth ana
Howard et recta. October 11, \vaa con-
Mnurd before u. jury In Jud^e Ltawlor'g
court yoBterday. The witneBsea examined
were Dr. Kmmct KJxford. J.nuls R. lvevy.
Charles An^elus, William Kpless, John
Boost, LJeutrnant William Price, W. II.
Kidd, E. H. I>eahy. and the boy. Frank J.
Kaveny. Their testimony was the same
as at the three previous trial* of Buck
ley, Moran and Donnelly, convicted of the
murder. • •
Duncan's Trial for Murder.
WILLtTS. March 12.— Three of th« flvt
Trustees of Wllllts will retire thl.? yeai
through tho expiration of ! their terms.
OIp Slmonson and Da_ntcl Blosscr decline
to servo longer, but Jeremiah Decamp
hai been prevailed upon to make th* rare
JtKaln. O. T. Wells. H. B. Mulr, E. P.
Decamp and K. F. Swortn^ier are can
didates for the vacancies. The office ot
Marshal looks good to Thomas Moore, J.
I Case. T. B. Johnson. Thoma» Flana
iran and Benjamin Good, the Incumbent.
Samuel Blodes and C. I. Mast would like
to be City Clerk, but De Witt McAllister,
who now holds tho position, hopes to b«
re-elected. F. W. Collett announces him
¦elf as Republican candidate for Super*
visor from this district.
Politic* in Willits.
•'111CAOO. Marrh 12.— l^ank Bhttgnrt,
ehorlstop for th»t loral American league
ii:.«-i hiii! tram lnpt T9MX, itlK'ifij ii con
trad to-«lay nil mannRcr u.nd captain of
th«* Ban FranciHf.-o trnm. Hhugurt wan ro-
Irafipd by Him <."lilcaR<i «.'ltih to make room
for Ornrp« Davln. formerly ishortatop on
Hip New York Nutiunul l^cagne team.
Sbu^crt to Captain the Wasps.
i ¦ . . -.¦¦•,,.•¦
OAKLAND RACETRAGK-'WediiPsday, March ia.~\Vfwther- tine. Track heavy.
'?_*r.?_', FJrM' HACK— Hlx furlong*; wMIIng; thwyfur . oliln and up; to first. >.'i'JB.
I | • " Dotting:, i
Index Ilors*. Agt. Wftlgnt. Kt. ',4- %¦ Btr. Fin. Ownt-r anil Jockey. Oil Cl.
34*14 Our lAxxiv, a in "n iTT~~4 1 2 H 1 2 \V. Kctcli«inan..Matliew* U 4
:csk:i Drvereux, B 115 .'» 13 J it 1 H . 1! ft H. Merrlwethi»r...Hlrkrth 20 2<>
MiM Onyx, 0 •.'.M1B 4 2 4 1! 5. » 1 ,11 W. I'. Klut Stunrt 2<> 40
JU07 til Kuril, 4 113 2 .'« 1 a 1 ¦ 4 U 4 n \V. II. Qrlsilni...-. Prior J'2 1.M
8421 Nfii DennlM. 0..'..lir> 1 4n r. n of. 5 5 I'Mmont HtubU..Itnnch 7-5 <l-5
icitio MiiMKin,-, { na 7 «l OltJOS 0a J. V. Handera. . . N.Br.vuM 20 So
8372 Monti a ry 4 llo s (»4 7h 74 75 Charlen AIU«rt Kllck 100 , 1W» .
itllOTi Kva N. .'« mi l» 10 10 8 1 «4 H. .1. JoncH..W. Uuuin lf' ( » '-°0
IKou I'diiuiniiit, « 1 1H 0 7- >/4 » 4 0 4 0 5 .1. Oreely Vauntlcroy < M-Jj
MU Hf»llywtt«. 4 J12 1» H2__8ini)_ liL-— . '.JLlSl* —Ji*L ~ 15
irimr— Vi.*Y2BV4: H. :f>2: «. 1UB. Oood Tt»rt. Wqr! handily »1 ««cond and third driving
Wlnm?r, W, 11. Krl«:heman T s u. in. by Cavnllfr-Vlm. Wlntwr heat. D«ver«ux had the
pHth. Favorlta could not ift to the front ¦ t'anaiti I nt can do bett^jr^^ w>-v .-t.^-_...,.u^.-
JM2U. HKCON'I) JtAOK— H«v«n furlong«iirlitng; thrpa-yi-nr-oldt anJ up; to flrat. |J28.
__ .___ . _« , -_ _ Bettlnir.
lii.irx Horn*, Ace, Weight. St. U. Vt- BLr. Fin. Ownar and Jockey. Oil , Cl.
B4I2 P, Archibald, 4. ..110 4 4 1 6 4 0 \( t 1 m .T. M. Crane Troxler IS 18-5
8413 Uolden UiKht. 4..1O7 7 B2 .1 h In 2n It. V. l)oepfnrr..nansch »I . 10
mo* Krimk WiioiiM, U. .110 8 H ¦ 8 8 it 4 Garden City HtaUl«..8et H UO
rU17 NMlnar. «1 110 a 1 2 1 n , 2.2 4 n Mm. Jom» & Co.. Woods 8-H \i-T,
;;:«»•) Koui Play. 0 10H :t 2n 22 42 61 llowlpy & Co Prior 3 ia-5
8.'W« Alturai, « 110 0 7 6 7471 0B tJnilth & Oavld»on..C'onty 12 12
C3413) Kl Itey, 4 107 5 «2 01 «l 7 2 P. (M>onal«che..Mathw« «» 12
iiari Idalette, 6 .110 1 8 8 4 2 B h 8 -f. C N c-alon^^Na rvaeii 100 200
Time— U, :25>4: Vi. :B2; «J, 1:20; %, 1:3.1%. Good «tart. Won first three driving. Win
ner, J. M. Crane's b. h. by ArtlUery-Klossle. Golden Light nhould havr won. Kansch lout
race thtvugh overconfldence. Archibald experienced Rome rough weather at that. Wood*
might have won with a better "t^t- _ yi 1 ?^^ *j'_ _^lH^^*5 i 1 ! 8^" *1 _'
.1li!7. THIRD RACK— Pour furlomrs; two-year-olds; to ilrst, $400; second pur»«.
——' | - netting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. ',4. %. Str. Pin. Owner and Jockey. Op.. Cl.
a-»10 deorjrle West.... 110 4 ... 14 1212. Chlnn & Forsythe..Conly 8-6 8-5
84tO Arobo 11» 1 ... 2n 2 4 2 A \V. B. Jennings... Woods 7-R «-5
«415 HudBon ..'...'..'...113 '3 ••.-.. 3«"34 32 • B. Bchrelber...... .Raniich a -18-5.
iiZiS Eaoarola ...lan 2 ... 4 4 4 Baldwin & Co. ..Kanaom 15 15
Time — >4, :2i%; %. :60. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, Chlnn & Forsythe'e ,
b. f. by UuHsell-Naoma. Conley on winner bumped other three soon after ptart. Arabo
never got In his stride- ngahK
.1428. FOURTH RACE— r lYt mflMTj sellinit; three-year-olds andup; to Hrst, $325.
i • ••¦'. ~ ' ¦,-.' !"• ~ ~~~~ Uettlnn. .
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. r Std. ."%. Str. ' Fin. ' Ownfr and Jockey. I Op. Cl. ,
8289 Picador, 4 Ill 4 6 1 Ih In 1 .n T. H. Stevens. .. .Troxler 4 2
25154 Bangor. 0.........1W 3 « 5 IB .1 10 2 9i Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 1 11-5
S404 Morinel. a 104 2 .Vh S3 2 1 3:6 M. atom.. : . .BIrkenruth 2 3
(3401) Tufts, 3. 100 ft 2 1 4 4 4 6 4 15 CM. Chappell..:. Stuart 15 12
:V»74 Jlngler, 3 94 1 1 h 2 n 6 100 R 200 D. H. Fountain. .Treanor tl 0'
2TO7 Fatum. 4 .10^1 6 > 4 4 '¦' 6 « 0 (H. I,. Haskell..Wln»lette . 100 - 2IM)
XJme — U. :26; JJ. :»2*i; %, 1:19>/j: mile, 1:48; Him. 2:13i,i. Good start. . Won first three
driving. Winner, T. H. Stevens' b. h. by Wadsworth-Mlss Rica. Troxler picked the dryent
going on backstretch and hia mount stood for some severe urging. Bangor sulked and ran '
by turns. He ran out through the stretch. Morinel could have won on the rail position.
.Tingler gave it up. . . _ _ ¦ „__'_; '
3420. FIFTH RACE— Mile "and B0 yards; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325. ¦
I ~ j Betting.
Index Horse, Age... Weight. St. }i. : , *£-, Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Oj>. Cl. .
R33»~ El Mido, 6 .105 12 8 4 0 4 4 1 1>6 J. 9. Campbell ... Ransch 3 12-6''
(3*24) Loyal S, 4 ..107 5 1 1& 1 1 1 M 2 l<t V. Gilbert.. ...... Troxler 7 15V
R417 Grd. Sachem, a... 105 6 7 2 8 2n S3 J. J. Monin. . .'. .Frawley 4 .{
.",422 Lodestar, a Ill 3C4 55 48 48 O'Keefe & Co..Birkenrth 6-2 7-2.
3372 Expedient. t> 105 4 5 4 6 5 25 6 30 P. E. Smith J. Daly .20 301^
3416 Ml3slon. 6 ..111 2 4 4 : 3 % 6 ¦¦ • 0 ¦ . Jamea Wllaon..Matthew8 3 18-0 3
Time — Vi, :25; '%. rSO'.i; %. 1:1714; mile, 1:41%; lm 50yds. 1:4S. Good start. Won first \
three driving." Winner, J.- S. Campbell's b. g. by Sir Modred-Ethel. Kl Mido ran over, the ",
»' two leaders the last quarter. lodestar lacked speed. Mission' retlted «arly. »
34»0. SIXTH RACK— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up: tf> first. $325. >''. '¦ ¦ -
. . r — - ; . __ . .• -. ., ' Betting. ';
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. ;>»./%. Str. Fin. Owner and ,Jocke;v' ' Op. Cl. : .
2942 EvpaO, ».....¦.'• 01 2 4% 6 1 V 3 % 1 n ' J. Cortey. '...*'.-. .Ransch 3.- fi!
:«08 Killdoe. 3 ,-... 0«i 3 l.n 1 1/ 1 2 ,,2 4 H. Kchrpibcr. ';¦>. . . J. Daly ft 10
(340)>) Quiz H *;;...' ..107 4 3:3 2 3 2 n 3 % J. M.'.- Crane- Troxler 11-10 7-lOi
3373 Flamero, 6 110 0 7 '¦ 4 % fl Uj : 4 V* • • D. Cameron.. Conley .4 \r» s \
3.368 Merops. C:i.......llO 7 « 1% 7 7 5n F. D. Weir..... Hoar 8 35;
3891 Tlburon. a...' 110 B . B n ¦. 3 h. 5h «5. Egbert & Co.. BIrkenruth -3 7 ;
3304 Senator Matts, (i.,110 1 2 2 5 1 4 n . 7 H. L. Haskell-.Wlnslette 60 1(H) ;
Time — U. :25V4; %. :51%: %,- 1:18'4-'. Poor start. Won flrst three driving-'. Winner, J. '¦
I Cofley's ch. f. by Juvenal -Sister Geneva. -Daly, on "Killdoe thought ' he had the race won,-.
when Evea G came with a rush on the outside. Quiz did not have clear sailing. Tlburon >'
"' badly messed about. Flamero away none too well. ¦ • . . • . ..¦-.-
THE d-AXiI-i'S K.-A.OI3STC3- FORM CHART
Seemingly out of it at one stage, El
Mido, piloted by Ransch and a 12 to 5
choice, turned up a clever winner of the
mile and fifty yard selling affair. Loyal
S and Grand Sachem cut out the running,
but both backed up badly the last eighth.
El Mido passed between the pair, scor
ing almost easily from the former. Lode
star cut no figure in the race.
Quiz II, a 7 to 10 favorite, could finish
no closer up than third In the closing six
furlong spin, decided under selling condi
tions. Killdoe led almost to the wire,
when Evea.G, with Ransch in the sad
de. closed strong on the outside, down
ing the Schreiber entry a neck.
Trainer Fred Patterson of the' Burns &
Waterhouse stable had high hopes of see
ing Bangor display his old form in the
mile and a quarter run. This fact was
enough to cause the«books to Install the
notorious sulker an even money chance.
Later on, when a plunge was made on
Picador, sending that horse to the post a
mild 2 to 1 favorite, 11 to 5 could be had
about Bangor. Picador was In front most
of. the way and Bangor ran or sulked just
as the notion hit him. When Ransch
struck him with the whip he ran out the
last furlong, almost finishing in the
Judges' stand, yand then Picador under
Troxler's clever riding, only won by a
neck. With better Yacing luck Morinel,
which ran third, could have been first.
Only four started in the. two-year-old
scramble at half a mile, with Walter Jen
nings' strapping colt, Arabo, ruling a
alight favorite over George West. "Lon^
fihot" Conley had the mount on the lat
ter filly and, breaking from the outside,
cut across, seizing the rail position.
Georgle then.went on and, though pressed
some near Hhe wire, won comfortably
ffom the favorite by a couple of lengths.
Hudson led out Escarola for third place.
Roscoe Troxler. astride Phil Archibald,
earned a nose decision over RanBch on
Golden Light at the close of the seven
furlong event following. Nllgar, the fa
vorite, piloted by J. Woods, cut out the
pace until well into the stretch, where he
flattened out. Golden LJght looked a win
ner, but overconfldence on the part of
Ransch cost him the race. Archibald
cloned at odds of 18 to C. i
?-i|^a HtJ lnflde or rail poxltluu was ihe
I path that led to wealth again at
I (Juklund track yesterday. A horx«
1JL with early speed ridden by a boy
quick to leave the barrier, practl
cally had the ruc»> won at tho stun, that
1*. if the unimal liad b^en pos»es»<?d of
any *tu>'U'K qualities Mt nil. Under such
circumstances many "done brown" Rood
i hi hi.- s became bcculnied before slowlim
up m the depot. Four fuvorltcs on which
the talent unloaded lavishly failed to
make very Hose connection* at the wire,
due In every Instance to the fact that
they did not have early speed or were un
fortunate nt the stftrt. Tho track la rap
idly drying out, and these conditions will
be materially changed this nfternoon.
While the fluids \yer«« not ubove medi
ocrity, the attendance wu» larger than
usual.
Ned Dennis ngaln held the place of
honor In the betting, KolnK to the post a
<6 to 5 choice for the opening; nlx-furlong
siTlnt. Ransch could not Bet the rail po-
Hltion and did not get closer up than fifth
at any stage of the game. Blrkenrulh on
the 20 to 1 shot Dovereaux led to the pad
dock, where he wan collared and beaten
handily by Our Lizzie, the third choice,
piloted by Matthews.
Subjects of Interest to the People of
Golden Gate Valley Are
¦Discussed.
The Golden Gate Vulley Improvement
Club guva IU' fln»t grund entertainment
and open meeting U*r night at Btelmke
Hall, .corner of Union and Octavia utreets.
Matters relating to the Improvement of
Golden Gate Vt\lle>*, «uch »» thp creating
of publlo playgrounds for the children,
I'Mtiilillslilnjj >.t a branch library, the tak
ing of steps to have such nuisances as
ih«> diuiuilriK of Korbuge In vucant lots
Htopped, and the getting of better lights
imii pavements for the strvets of tho
valley, were dlscusmed. The musical and
lltomry programme rendered was as fo!«
lows:
overt tii"; opening remark*. PrriUt»nt \ O.
KMnwri: *el*ctlon on mandolin, ivpiio Fer
i-Riirlo; KntflUh hornplp* danrr. Ml** Goodman;
hoiik and ilani-.', iviiiin KVrrando; rornet polo,
ProfMnor n. Homtro; "Future of Oolden Uat*
Vallrv." I'liifrnmir Joneph If. Alfonso; rPrlta*
tlon from "Sapho," Conchlta Wilson; "A Word
In Tlmp." Charlsa Alp«r«; fancy danct; violin
boIo: "A Citlaen'i Duty," Captain Emanuct
A. tiortnxn.
) Mayor Bchmltss and several of the Super
i visors were to havn spoken, but owlne
I to business they were unable to attend. A
I letter Mating the regrets of the Super
visor^ at their Inability to be present was
read. t
The officers of the club are: President,
A. 8. Kleiner; first vice president. Fred
Durbrow; second vice president, P. Mlchel
etti; Becretary. H. Cosmo r; treasurer. H.
Brlckwedel; sergeant at arms. Joseph
Cohn; committee— Joseph Cohn, Fred Dur
•brow and Captain E. A. Lorenzo.
NEW IMPROVEMENT CIA7B
GIVES "AN ENTERTAINMENT
RESULTS OF WEDNESDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
Fire in the School of Culture.
A live wire coming in contact with ccin
bustible material in the building at J'J27
Market street started a. lire yesterday
afternoon. The building, which is owned
by Timothy Hopkins, ia occupied by O. N.
Moxey as a school of culture. Between
tire and water th^ damage to Moxty's
property amounts to about $7(«>, noi.e of
which is covered by insurance.
THE management of the Woodward
Amusement Company, whicn
opened a winter circus in Wood
ward's Pavilion u few weeks
ago, changed hands yesterday
liternoon with u suddenness that was al
ogcthf-r startling- When the performers
md a small army of supernumeraries
went to the pavilion to collect their sal
urles they were confronted with an
empty . treusury. "All day long the acro
bats, contortionists. . bareback j riders,
clowns and supes -waited aiid watched,
but their vigil was In vain, for the ghost
refused to walk.
Ah night approached the news waK
Perry . until he became hypnotized by
the glare of the ring -light* wus never
known to part with a dollar unless it was
absolutely necessary. | His friends consid
ered him close, but after the attack of.
circus mania he parted with $4000. Even
the advice and stern admonition of his at
torney failed ¦" to restrain him. No ex
penditure was too great to secure attrac
tions for the circus. When he was finally
led to see that the venture was not suc
ceeding he shed tears at the very thought
that the show. With its bright lights and
score of bespangled acrobats, would have
to close Its doors. In order that the show
might not want a. numerous audience
passes were issued without end. AH the
managers, stockholders anfl performers
were given passes, which they distributed
Iri blocks of. 100. On Saturday night, when
there were about 1000 people in the house
only $40 was taken in at the box office '
Even Perry's patience and bank i ac
count could not stand the expenditure
Which was necessary for the maintenance
of a clrcusunder such conditions, so yes
terday he withdrew. •• The circus is well
worth attending. It contains, numerous
attractive featur.es and under a different
management may be made to pay.
The expense bill for the first week
amounted to $1500, while but $400 was
taken in at the door. I Perry was told that
as soon as .good. .weather came people by
the thousands .would flock to the ehow,
and that It would be but a matter of a
few weeks, until he would become a
Croesus. I ;
Perry Tires of Circus Life.
The new amusement company began
with a flourish. None but the very best
lit the, ringed arena wore good enough
to take part in Its performances. The
Dunbar family wits engaged at a salary
of $.500 a week; Bernard with his trick
horpes was down on the hooka for $250,
while Professor Rawson and his trained
ponies drew $200* On the programme each
night there were twenty-two numbers,
and it is safe to Bay that no performer
received less than $50 a week for his
services. Almost the entire expense was
shouldered by Perry without a murmur.
Although thu Woodward Amusement
Company nun had but a short cureer, It
hue succeeded in pulntlng a lurid Htivak.
The compuny was organized with a
cupltftllzatlon of $75,000. J. E. Sllnkey
was tho prime mover and W. A. Peel wan
the president. The other members of the
company were W. A. Kendall, a i«hoe
niakor; G. Ueahrut, proprietor of the True
Ulue saloon, and J. B. Ferry, a wealthy
contractor. .
Band Odes Out on Strike.
The new management of the Woodward
AmiiHf riwnt Company wus soon con
fronted with Hti uhHLu'li', The member*
of J'rof»N8nr Ueorge \V. Heiinett'B band
refused to becomfl u party to tha agree
ruent or to furnlMh any more muwlo unleu*
their claim for $250 nalary for one week
wiih nuUhiIi'U. An.thu new management
hud no nullify, and um It wnn oaHler to nt
curo a new band than to obtain V.'.h), l!rn
in'ti und IiIh men were dlitmlHHnd with a
promlmi of pay In tha future, und • tho
Hut m Hath liim.l was t<mployed. Ben*
nett'M orKanlxutlon, howtiver, won not to
bo ho coolly MliliMnicUfd. An upp-al wa.i
taken to tho Muslclnnn' Union and that,
body mfiiMfd to allow the gutro Hath
Uand to play until It* predecttsHor'n claim
wu» HutlHfled, 8o the uerformttnee .lust
night wan conducted without the ulrt and
lnnplrntlon of sweet luttmonlftt.
broken to the performers and ring han&s
that J. S. Perry, the • capitalist whose
money had kept the, circus afloat, had
become tired of tho venture and with
drawn from the company.- When this
announcement- was made the players de
cided to. take matters into their own
hands and conduct ¦ th« circus for their
own profit. Frank W. Robinson and D.
Roehford were Helected .as ..their repre
sentatives. • An assignment was obtuined
from, the amusement company, and last
night a performance was given, but It
wus with the distinct understanding that
all the money received in the box ofUco
should bfi u/»ed to pay the sulurles ol' tho
performers and the other attaches; ,¦¦
CAU. CARTOONIST'S IMPRESSIONS Ol'' 'i\iE SCENES WHICH OCCURRRU WHEN THE STAR ACROBATS,
BILLPOSTKRS. SUPKS AND MENAOER1K EMPLOYED BY THE WOODWARD AMUSEMENT. COMPANY DE
CIDED TO AWAJT THE APPEARANCE OF THE "GHOST" WHICH NEVER WALKED.
HAKERSFIELD. March 32.— The date
for the return boxing match between Tim
Hegarty and Amello Herrera in this city
has been definitely fixed for March IS.
Hegarty is in training at Crawford <!i
1 load's roadhouse, while Herrera ia get
ting into condition In Kern City, llegtir
ty has reached the weight. 12S pounds.
Vvhen the men met before flegarty was
given the decision, after twenty rounds of
lighting. He will be favorite In the com
ing bunt, although many HakcrsiUlil,
6ports favor Herrera.
Hegarty-Herrera Tight.
"J'*ndlng fuller and tnoro definite Infor
mation. I run nay that 1 nm Nlwayn d«
llrhtKl to do ovrrythljtK In my power in
rji^ourair** or neHlwt •» th«« Kp<>rt. Tho
KhnmtMi'k I would i;ia>ily welcome nuch a
viMt."
Lipton Would Rflce Columbia.
LONDON. Mardi 11-Slr Thomux Up
tun. who 1m cruising In the Mediter
ranean, when avkiul If he would fit out
th* FhitmrotU J ltt th»» cvwitof tin' huu
i •'!¦•! \ i-n uf i !mi Cuiumblu tu IvuropfHit
Wtttern, iHi-grnph* the Ac^iclMtpd I'rrrn*
uk follow-*:
The huui's of thi- Cardinal for a place
In the hummer throw in the coming Inter
colh-giale meet WOT* based on Nichols'
utility, us he had ahowit hlmnelf easily
th« Uem man at Kianfurd at throwing ihe
¦woiChi.
BTAKFORD I'.VlVKItSlTY, March 12.—
Percy K. Nichols, '04, a Ktpdfnt in the de
partment of RcoKijiy. was stricken with
paralysis shortly alter 1 o'clock this morn
infC. Ills < > hanc*(*K for recovery are slight.
Nit-holt* is a resident t<t San Jo?«. but
has been living on the t-ampus. He has
bt-en Rti iinuKUitJly zealous stuOent and it
Ls ihouglu liir* Illnt-ss may be due lo over
work.
Stanford Athlete Is 111.
Sixth race, mile and thrrv-Mixteentlis. celling:
— l.'.'.iii -i Klla won, WooUtrlce t>«-coud Dr.
etfphenn third. Tun*-. 2:U0«i.
ftevenlb race, inlic and a sixteenth — Lady
tiiorlMtr Won. Hni.,n- i>pcoiid, W'oodstlck
third. Time, 1:42.
Third rare, handicap, tulle and seventy yards
— uofter won.' r*c«rU't Mly uecond, Johnnie Mc-
Cnrtliy third. Time, 1 :4<»,.
Fourth ra>e. tbe Uu-ti Cup, two und a quar
ter miles— Azlm won. I/ttle Elkin second.
M»jor Manvir tiiinl. Time. 3:59.
Filth race, Kt-vt-n 1i.i!u:iu< — Lord (juex won,
li.ilisi uf 'iil.^.l iierutid. ilarcf thin!. Time,
KKff ORLEANS, March 12— Crescent City
results :
Kirat race, half a mile — Xavasota won, Ku
f&ula second. tiu» Vlu« third. Time, :«6.
Second race, «»ven furlongs — Mr. l'hlnlzy
won. Aggie M k-'-kiiJ. Ben iluiium Oilni. Time.
Nt-vr Orleans Racing.
Chessmasters' Tournament Ends.
1IOXTE CARLO, March 12.— Six games
Vrora the semi-final and llnal rounds; of
tbe international chessraasters" "tourna
ment, which had ended in draws on Mon
day and yesterday, had to be replayed to
d:'.y in order to end the contest, which
was begun on February 3. The prizes
v.-ere distributed a« folio w»: First prize,
i*.*X* francw. Maroczy of. Budapest. Hun
gary; second prize, 3000 francs, Plllsbury
of America; third prize, 2000 franc3. Jan
ftwtskl of Paris; fourth prize, 1500 francs,
Tclchmaxm of London; tlfth prize, sixth
t.iize and seventh prize. 1000, 750 and 500
francs respectively, divided among
Schlechter of Vienna, Tarrasch of
Nuremburg," Germany, and AVolf of
Vienna.
On Friday night the board of governors
of the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union will take action, on the
cases of several boxers who are charged
with having accepted money Instead of
the prizes which amateurs are allowed to
accept. If the matter Is pressed It is ex
pected to place some of the clubs in an
.•iwkward predicament. They may be
forced to take out a license and promote
enly professional bouts.
The officers of the Academic Athletic
League are preparing for the fourth an
nual swimming tournament, open to
members of the league. Secretary Her
bert Hauser has already sent out the en
try blanks, which call for a programme
of four events. These will be at 100
yards, 220, 440 and half-mile. Teams are
limited to tlve men each. No more than
two men from one school can enter each
event. The tournament, will probably be
held on April 11. The directors of the
Olympic Club have placed the swimming
tank at the disposal of the league officers.
There is trouble brewing for tho clubs
which hav«* been v promoting so-called,
omateur boxing contents. The Supervl-
Bor.V Police Committee threatens to place
tome of the managers on the rack. to-day
ut its meeting.,
Joe Angeli defeated Tody Everett in the
fourth round. Victory carae to the Italian
by brute strength. Everett was far
cleverer of the two. but Angeli was
strong and aggressive.
After Paul Murtin had hammered Jack
Adams for a round and a half Keferee
McDevltt stopped the affair and gave
Martin a decision.
Frank N*«al knocked out clever Hobble
Johnnon Jn the «cconU round of tht-lr con
ti-Kt l.iBt night before tho Bay City Ath
lettc Club. More than 2W0 rlng-gocrH caw
the < oup dc grace delivered and Bhouytd ¦
loudly for the victor. In the first round
the lad» mixed things In a lively fashion. |
Uoth landed heavy body punches. In tho
snrond round Ncal wtarted a left shift j
and hammered Johnson hard. H« tneu
landed a stiff left hook, sending Johnsou j
tu the carpet. Johnson look his flrsl da
feat to heart. The attendance was un
usally largo for an amateur show.
Monte Attel outpointed a lanky youth
named •'Winnie" Dunn and was given a
decision after four rounds of. ludicrous
MebtlnK. Tom Snail hain received a deci
sion over JAok McCormick. Snallham
was on the aggressive all the time. Mc-
Cormick might have won, but his right
was glued to his side.
Jo« Hayes defeated Fred Landers in
four rounds of aggressive fighting. Hayes
possessed a good right hand punch and
used It at every opportunity. He dropped j
Lenders with u. stiff rigrht hook, and
throughout showed cleverness and ring
frenerulship. He is a brother of Milton
Hayea, a crack amateur boxer In his
Charles Behnard was knocked out by
Jack McDonald in the first round. The
bout waa extremely funny. McDonald
would wave bis left and then unhinge his
right, which would land on Behnard'R ¦
jaw. The latter dropped twice and then j
put McDonald on his* back. McDonald
aro*e and let fly a light that ended hos- ,
tllities.
Anti-Gang Ticket to Be Nominate'l
in San Jose.
SAN JOSE. March 12.— The first move
In the city campaign has been made by
the reform forces. Last night a meeting
wua held at Hale's Hall, where 200 citizens
gathered ami took the preliminary steps
to :>lace In the Held a ticket, which, it is
expected, will rout the Mackenzie forces.
The gathering was presided over by Judge
J. It. Lewis.
Many warm speeches denouncing gang
politics and method* were delivered.
Large representations were present from
th» Republican Good Government Leagu«
and tho Jefferaonian Democracy, a reform
Democratic organization. It Is evident
th*s« two factions ur*> to unlto to flgnt
tht» Mackenzie "uush."
A ¦•ommltten of nine was iigreed upon
to arranira for a meetlns on April 28. when
;t full fity ticket will be nominated. Th«
eo(«mttt*& 1» to nee all the vnrlous orijanl
zatlonn und peraons favoring reform In
municipal affair* »nd hav» them uttnnd.
The committee con*Hfa of 8. C>. Tomp
kln.-* tchnlrmart). A. H. •'umpNill. R. J.
Kelly, i'. T. O'Connell. 'J. I*. Hr-x, U B.
Hontz. Felix Mlu-hHI. W. £1. Slono and 8.
K. Bmlth.
Juxt whom the citizen* movement n»s
In v!*w for Mayor bnn not been mado pub
lic, but among thnae* who hnv»» b*en
*polc»n of ttro H. R. Hmlth. Dr. W. D. Mc-
Doujrall, Itomer Prindlf, W. O. Alexander
and \V\ L. Woodrow.
Adolph. Oreenlngpr wilt be th« Macken
zie candidate. ,,' ' ¦ "¦-.:';•
REFORM MOVEMENT LAUNCHED
8AUSALITO, March J2.-The local mu
nicipal campalifn given promise of hclntf
spirited utul bitter. With the nomination
of J. F. Joj.cj and W. O. Morrow fur tho
offices of Town Trustees upon an .untl
pooiroom ticket, the campaign may be
sicjd to have begun. The issue la clear—
poolroom3 or no poolrooms. j
An enthusiastic muetlns of tho municipal
Improvement party was held In Geneva
Hall for the purpose of nominating candi
dates for Town Trustee*. The committee
of fifteen appointed at c previous meetine
reported unanimously in favor o£ W. Q.
Morrow and J. F. Jones.
Morrow spoke briefly, saying that he
was opposed to the poolrooms and would
do everything possible to keep them out;
that he conscientiously believed them to
be a menace to the town, as much to th»
merchants as to the roside^ts. He point
ed out that Sausalito was the only com
munity In the State which countenanced
poolrooms, and asserted tnat .if they
could be driven away, real estate values
would bo made more stable, and more
men would be employed In tho building
oZ homes for families that would come
tO Jone e s mcfwYse pledged hla opposition to
poolroom gambling. Both candidates ex
i>re«sly promised not to raise the license
of any legitimate business.
The meeting adopted tha following plat
form:
To aid in municipal improvement: to pro
mote the election of honest and capable citizens
u, munfcrpal offices; to encourage a general
coUor of local government which shall recos
5lie tousiiito an distinctly a i«Wf c « £*&
with its pro8i*rity, Rrowth and the value, nt
its property depending mainly upon respagtabU
ity at home and » good name abroad; to un
alterably oppose the existence In Sausalito oJ
pKom gambling; to favor material Increase
of desirable residents.. U» the end th »« ">*
revenue of the town may be enhanced without
an increase of taxation and without a. resort^ to
questionable sources of revenue, and that tn»
Increase of permanent population may promote
general prosperity and provide a recular and
greater demand, for home labor, and to oppos*
Interference with any leRltlmate business novr
existing in, the town of Sausalito.
"W. G. Morrow la a prominent figure In
mining circles and has been for many
terms secretary of thfl San Francisco
Yacht Club. He Is president of a number
of mining companies. He <s also ln
i terested lu real estate and lives In one or
the finest residences In Sa.u».ilito.
J F Jones Is a San Francisco business
man. but has resided in Sausalito many
years. The election will take place
April 12.
Social Dlipatch to The Call.
Op*n stake. <J4 entries— W. Cairn's Imperial
va. K. RoaenberKer's Master Bly; K. Geary' it
Ijittle Jln» vs. T.'Jolley's Toranto; W. C. de B.
Lopea*a' P«»lta vs. II. H. Gray's My Dog; 1".
J. ReiUy's Honesty vs. T. Burke's John C
lli-f:ian; A. R. Curtis'. Wapsee v». Pasha Ken
nels' Reekie ** Admirer; H. L. Meharry'x Rox
«na vh. K. Cor.roy's Amy B; T. Mellrlc-k's My
Selection vs. J. Connolly's New .Moon; J.
Trade's Blackhawk vs. T. W. BarteU' Bogus
Brummel; J. liurlt-y'.H Sea Cliff va. J. Sutton'H
Blu« Ribbon; J. Kent ing's Con Daly Vs. R. B.
Kay's ilawki>r; Clilurlni Bros.' Buna Magnl
llcla va. Kelly &. llanley'x Fearful Shlo; T.
Hcotl's Ilallmoon \s. II. PerlEo'H Belfast; P.
M. Clarkaon'a Flower of GoUl va. T. Maher's
Intruder; F. Ro«enbere(«r'» Lady Chlauita vs.
A. McLeod's Pure Pearl; T. Coleman' a Cotton
Ball vs. Wj C. Badger's Helene; F. Rosenber-
Ber's My Nell vs. T. Sullivan's Diamond
Medal; Kelly I ITanley's Lushmaeli I^ad vs.
If. 1.. RIeharry's Mflpomene: CO. Peterson's
Haphazard vx. M. F». Knvananxh> Alieht lie
Ke»n: T. Sullivan's tit Simon vs. J. FJ Rotiff
frs'-' Arbace^; G. B. MerrHl's Warcath vs. J.
M. Carroll's Ca«caUe; T. Maher'M Liird Golf
v.x. L. M. Conneir* Black Coon; Alameda Ken
nels' Clarice vs. Alameda Ken'neU' I.Uac: J.
V. Rodsers" Glamus vs. 1i W. IJarteU" Bogus
Paron: T. Jolley's Tjittle May vs. M. Xealon's
1'ort Freedom: B. Senderman's Conilque vs. J.
Morlarlly's Klttleman; Sterl & Knowles' Ice
Man vs. P. J. Korean's Peerless: E. Ready's
Vera v«. Star Kennels' Lady Flyer: Paaha
Kennels' Real Aristocrat vs. M. N'ealon's Fred
Freedom; M. Fahey'H Home Rule vs. \V.
Cairn's Melrone Boy; W. Johnson's Artleulate
vs. Ktnr Kennels' Game Bird; Pasha Kennels'
Itich Aigosy vs. J. B. Badt's Lovlna; .1. Hur
ley's Shylock Boy vs. L. S. Barri»' Boodle Boy.
D. Walsh'* Krrot greyhound Sacramento
Boy will be «ot In competition again this
week at Union Courting Park. H* Is i en
tered in the special stake and will meet
Home apercly coursers. With ordinary
coursing luck he should havo Httla diffi
culty In winning. The draw for the two
Mtalces last night resulted as follov.s.
'Special .take. C» entrt<»— Sterr & ?" o1 £f?
Freezeout vs. A. It. Curtis' Narcissus; J.< ar
i-dII'h Auckland v». C.i'lckard'a Brunt uoia.
i'asha. Kennels' Kocker vs. Pasha Kennels
ltoman Athlete: A. Vanderwhite'B Flora i f ( "
Uonald v«. AlaroeJa Kennels' A. J. Martin.
F. Jone«' Wedffcwood vs. A. R. Curtis Kin*
Cotton; A. R. Curtis' : Rector vs. IS. Qearya
Ireland; Chlarini Dro«." Santonin vs. A-
Kurke'a Aggie Wj E. Qeory'a America vs. J.
Canc'a Greenhall; J. Trade's Cosey vs. J. 1*.
l'toas* Game Boy; II. H. Gray's Kona vs. E.
Geary's Kuby Sankey; O. Zahl's Homer Boy
vs. K. Geary's Boy Hughle; A. R. Curtis' F)>-
Jng Fox vs. P. M. Clarksons MisJs Brummel;
J. Ij. Items' Fontenoy vs. Chlarini Bros." Dew
drop; K. Geary** Bonnie Pasha vs. Alameda
Kennels' Black Bart; A. It. Curtis' War Eagle
vs. Chlarini Bros.' Semproniua: P. Doyle's Lib
erator vs. A. R. Curtis' Anchor; C O. Peter
son's Silver Cloud vs. E. Geary's Fenli; A. K.
Curtis' Iieola vs. Pasha Kennela' Rural Artist;
E. Geary's Bonnie Hughie va. Chlarini Bros.'
AVhlte Hat; Chlarini Bros.' Tama Tralee- vs.
T. J. Cronin's Vandal A. R. Curtis' Lost
Chord v*. K. Geary's Fair Oaks; H. II. Gray's
n>rronette vs. J. L. Ross" Mayflower; Alameda
Kennels' • Melrose Lad vs. K. Geary'* Fannie
Hughle; B. • Sliva's Master Rocket vs. A.' It.
Curtis'-, Old Ironsides; Sterl & Knowles" Sleety
Mist vs. A. WcLeod'H Royal Friend; Sterl &
Knowles' Cold Shivers vs. G. Sharman'j* Sir
Pasha; F. Jones Jiarlean Gludys vs. T. S.
Cronin's Tralee Boy; D. Walsh's Sacramento
Boy v*. O. Hharman's LittlB Slater; E. Shara
lag's Crawford Lass vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal
Archer; P. Mullarky's Mamie Pleasant va. J.
Dowlins's iSir Lawrence.,^
Mechanics' Pavilion Annex
Crowded to Over
flowing.
Are Alleged to Have Given
Cash Frizes to the
Amateurs.
J. F. Jones and W. G. Morrow
to Lead Fight Against
Gamblers.
Will Meet Some Speedy Per
formers at Union
Park.
Managers Are Charged
With Having Broken
Faith.
Fast Fights Giv«n by
Bay City Athletic
Club.
Sausalito's "Hill Tribe"
Names Candidates
for Trustees,
Greyhound Which Won
the Big Match Is
Entered.
NEAL KNOCKS
OUT JOHNSON
BOXING CLUBS
ON THE HACK
ANTI-POOLROOM
CAMPAIGN IS ON
SACRAMENTO BOY
TO START AGAIN
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH ]3, 1VVZ.
Distribution of Passes Results- in Financial Distress to
the New Amusement Venture.
NUMEROUS TRIALS EMBARRASS
THE WINTER CIRCUS COMPANY
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Forewarned,
Forearmed*
The liability to disease is greatly i
lessened when the blood is in good con-
dition, and the circulation healthy and.
vigorous. For then all refuse matter
is promptly carried out of the system ;
otherwise it would rapidly accumulate
— fermentation would take place, the
blood become polluted and the consti-
tution so weakened that a simple
malady might result seriously.
A healthy, active circulation means
good digestion and strong, healthy
nerves.
As a blood purifier and tonic S. S. S.
has no eqi:al. It is the safest and best
remedy for old people and children
because it contains no minerals, but is
made exclusively of roots and herbs.
No other remedy so thoroughly and
fually cleanses the blood of im-
£2$k P urities - Atthe
P»k fijTN' same.. time it builds
S^ xS. up the weak and de-
bilitated, and reno-
*"**»*' rates the entire sys-
tem. It cures permanently all manner
of blood and skin troubles.
« ft r> A, E> Kellr « of tfrbana, O.. writes:
1 had Eczema on my hands and face for
five years. It would break out in little
wfc>te pustules, crusts would form and
drop off, leai'infr the skin red and inflam-
oa. The doctors did me no good. I used
all f he medicated eoaps and aalves without
benefit, s. 8. S. cured me, and my akin
is as clear end sirooth a:> any cne'e."
Mrs. Ileair Siegfried, of Capo May, IT.
J., lays that twenty-ono bottlas of B. S. S
ciirfcd her of Cancer of the breast. Doc-
tcrs sad fnonds thousht her case hope-
Hicbard T. Gurdner. Florence, G. O .
aalfered for yearn wltii Boils. -fCwo bot-
tl«i of a. B. S. put hia blood in good con-
dition and tbe Boils diftappearcd.
Send for our free book, and write
our physicians'-' about your case.
Medical advice free.
THE SWIFT CPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. JA.
»GOe00000900900090000000000000000000000000000
> . "'"•'••''¦; •¦ -- .¦ . ©
I (^m^ The Happy Man! S
\ %$S T^e Man With Force! I 1
1 The Man With Grit! I
l' f "^V e man whose look and action %
* l\ y Vv show him to be one of nature's ©
I M*^V*^^ A models » the man who S r^sps your %
\ iL \ J \Js hand with a strength and a smile ®
* that say, "1 am a man." Shew %
» *^»^S^^^8 me the man vvith confidence in ©
s : '*'ifl^H^», j^yj/^t \- himself > tne man who does no: o
I hesitate to do what he thinks is g
••• ¦ jHKv//JJn{V«H ¦ right, and I will show you a man O
$ '¦¦¦¦¦.'¦¦-¦BmBB* t ' • you can trust. g
} I ADMIRE MEN OF POWER! 1
» hesitating, sleepless, falling in memory, losing self-confidence. w#ik iri heart 2
9 ami stomach, losing youthful ampition and couragp. Men like that, or those 2
| with pains In the Wk. rheumatic, sciatica and those other troubes which ©
9 follow a loss of nature's vital powar, 1 can cure. I can make them f«»-l ©
5 young, strong and energetic ' wlth>ny Electric Belt. If you aro such a man O
\ dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, *i S ™™ K >™°- 1
| Office hours-8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. 10 a., m. to 1 p. m! Suo4«y. •
9©©00©0000©dOOOO«00©OOOi>OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOoSday evening next. The play wa3
Introduced to tho public by Nat Goodwin,
who vras In the way of wanting some
thing serious just about the time Mr.
Fitch completed "Nathan Hale," and he
played it for some time with as much suc
cess as could be expected from Mr. Good
win In that kind of role. But his interest
in the serious drama soon lapsed, and the
whole production passed into the hands
of Howard Kyle, who brings it to the
California thisweek. Mr. Kyle's company
is Eaid to be unusually capable, and Mr.
Kyle's- assumption of the leading role
Feems to be more' than adequate by tn»
favorable report that precedes him. Cer
tainly in the story of the gallant young
patriot the playwright had a splendid
'subject, and he is said to have made much
of it. History has been adhered to in th<?
larger lines of the play, while some
plausibly introduced comedy— the fir^t two
acts consisting: largely of comedy — serves
to relieve the gloom of the story. Among
the talented members of Mr. Kyle's com
pany is Kathryn de Barry, who plays the
role of Mistress Knowlton.
This week "The White Slave" is draw-
THERE are all kinds of good re
ports of "Nathan Hale," the new
Clyde Fitch play that will be seen
at the California Theater on Sun-
William Fritz, who was taken, to the
Emergency Hospital from- Seventh" »ve
nue and M street South last Monday for
treatment for: injuries, died yesterday
morning. 'The deceased lived at 34 A Sil
ver avenue South. His body was' re
moved to the Morgue.- -jM^M
Fritz Dies From Injuries.
Trained Animal Show Coming.
Morris & Rowe's big trained animal
shows will arrive in this city to-day and
will take possession of Mechanics' Pa
vilion, where a large force of men will
put things in shape for the opening
which. will take place Saturday after
noon. The engagement is for sixteen clays
and performances will be given at 2 and
8 p. mi each day. An illuminated street
parade will be given to-morrow night at
which time the entire aggregation of over
500 performing: -animals will be seen
Among this season's special features are
the only pair of performing camels Hi the
world; Herr Sitler and his herd of
dancing baby elephants; Mr. Woodruff
and his school of educated seals and
sealions; the animal fire department, in
which dogs and monkeys impersonate
firemen and manipulate the minature flre
apparatus, and many other remarkable
animal acts.
It' Is Cheaper
To protect your skirt edge with an S. H.
& M. binding than to throw 'away a skirt
because tho edge is cut nnd frayed. See
that S. H. & M. ls on the back of every
yard you buy. •
V'ln Quest Tomba" (Beethoven); "Die Lotos
Blume." "Volks . Liedchen" (Schumann)
.'Come and Trip It" <ol<l dance): "There Was
An Ancient King" aienschel); "Who Is Syl
via?" • (Schubert); two folk songs — (a) "Love
and Joy." (b) "The Northern. Day" (Chad
wick); "La Cloche" (Saint-Saens); "SI Mes
Vers" (Hahn); "The Lass with the Delicate
Air" (Old EngliEh, arr. by A. Li Dr. Arne)
"Bendermere Stream" (arr. by Scott Gatty—
oid. Irish); "The Four Leaf Clover" (old Eng
lish); "Rockabye Dearie" '(Brewer)- "The
Gingerbread Man" (Gay nor); "The Red Rose"
(Hastings).
Mrs. Katharine Fisk's second song re
cital will take place this afternoon at
Sherman & Clay Hall. She is a delightful
artist and presents a fascinating pro
gramme. Here it is:
Norris & Rowe's big show, with a Whole
ark of performing animals, begins a sea
son at the Mechanics' Pavilion on Satur
day afttrnoon n<" '
S !;w "!ii ' ' • * '
The farcwcH >.oic..r;iuGn at the oil
Chutes and Zoo takes place on Saturday
and Sunday next. All children admitted
free for the occasions. Amateur night to
night.
Paul Cinqucvalli. a prcstldigitateur
worthy every letter of his name, leads
an excellent hill at tho Orpheum. Eva
Mudge. the Nelsons, the Troubadours
ToiUousalrs, the Auers. Dawsons and
Billy Clifford take good care of the rest
of it.
* ? • •
"The French Maid" is in Its last days at
Fischer's Theater and gives way to a new
bur'.psque, said to be good, entitled "Lit
tle Christopher." ,
• • ? *
"The Serenade" has made a record at
the Tivoli. The house is crowded nightly
and the good Tivolcans are at their best
in the piece.
• • •
mirers at the Alcazar this week, though
it is generally conceded that its author,
Madeleine Lucette Ryley, has done bet
ter work. "On and Off," a new farce,
gees next week.
? • •
Knock-out drops, knock-outs and Jimmy
Britt, the lightweight pugilist and heavy
weight actor, will be the fascinating com
bination at the Central Theater next
week in "The Bowery After Dark." "Oli
ver Tv.ist" has the stage this week.
* • »
"A Coat of Many Colors" is finding ad-
"The House That Jack Built" is serv
ing to amuse large audiences at the Grand
Opera-house for this, the last, week of
George Ober's engagement. Next week
begins a limited engagement of Melbourne
McDowell in a Sardou repertoire, in which
Mr. McDowell was so successful at this
house last year. The' actor will be sup
ported by Florence Stone, who was "dis
covered" as an emotional actress last
year by Mr. McDowell at the Grand Op
era-house, and contributed no little to
the success of his season.
• • •
Ing old and young playgoers alike, the
former to refresh the pleasant memory of
an old play, the latter to see what was
considered by their forbears one of the
strongest and best of Southern dramas.
* ' ¦ * *
"Arizona" will remain the attraction at
the Columbia Theater up to and includ
ing next Sunday night. The play is one
of the season's successes.
Next Monday night Blanche Walsh will
begin an engagement limited to one week
in "La Madeleine* and "Janice Mere
dith." The first-named play will be staged
for the first six nights and Saturday mati
nee. "Janice Meredith" will be given at
a special matinee on Thursday and on
Sunday night.
V>rdiet for Defendants.
AJury in^Tudge Hunt's court rendered
a verdict in favor of the defendants yes
terday In the suit for $11,251 89 damages
Instituted by the Power Development
Company against A. J. McNicoll and S.
V. Mooney. Mooney and McNicoll were
sureties for the faithful performance of
a contract entered Into between the Gir
ard Water Wheel Company and the plain
tiff, the former to erect two water wheels
In Kern County. The contract, It was ul
leged^was not fulfilled by the water wheel
company, hence the suit for damages. .
ACTOR-MANAGER WHO BRINGS "NATHAN HALE" TO THE CALI
FORNIA NEXT WEEK. A TALENTED MEMBER OF HIS COMPANY
AND TRAGEDIAN WHO OPENS IN SAP.DOU REPERTOIRE.
George Van Hatton was sentenced by
Judge Caban'ss yesterday to serve three
months in the County Jail on a charge
of vagrancy. He had been under surveil
lance for about u month and Tuesday
nisht was arrested in Campi's restaurant,
where he • was begging and using- vulgar
language in the presence of ladies. Van
Hatton told the Judge that before coming
to thia city he was a minister, but had
fallen from grace.
Minister Fallen From Grac?.
Only a few days more and the Pahl
stock will be no more. Ladies' high grade
shoes for 50c; men's $1. Standard, up-to
date ladies' and men's $3.50 and $5 shoes
for ?1.85. 324 Kearny street. •
The Beginning of the End.
Charles A. Seifert, the druggist, who
was arrested in Esparto, Yolo County! on
suspicion of being implicated -to the mur
der of Nora Fuller, appeared befo're Judge
Fritz yesterday on the charge of obtain
ing money by false pretenses. from C. T.
Lester in January last and the case was
dismissed. Seifert has been in the City
Prison since his arrest' about two weeks
ago. '. ' '
The allegation was made by Lester that
Seifert got $5o from him on the represen
tation that he had leased the premises at
710 Market street and was authorized to
sublet them, which he declared was false.
The evidence. showed that Selfert's repre
sentation was true, although he had not
actually occupied the premises, and the
Judge said the case would have to be dis
missed.
Dismissed.
DBUGGIST SEIFERT '.'.
AGAIN AT LIBERTY
Seducing the Lsad Which Escount
Hp.s Given to Three of the
Contestants.
Walsh. Coghlan, Reagan and Finn, the \
labor candidates, lost heavily in the re
count yesterdays sThe precincts counted
were the -Ninth?" Eleventh, Twelfth, Thir
teenth and Fourteenth of the Thirtieth
District and the Fourth. Sixth and Sev
enth' of the Thirty-sixth 'District. The
losses sustained by the labor party men
.were GO,. LS, Cl and CO. votes respectively,
and the- losses of the Republicans -were:
A'pers 30. Bent S2, Eggers 26 and Wilson
13. There are still ninety-five precincts
out' of the ::03 to be counted. The pres-
I tnt standing of the contestants isas fo!
i lows:
Official Loss ta Present
.Count. Date. Standing.
Alpers ' .'. 15.040 1.124 14.SH5
Bent ltU12 1.078 15,<m
Kgj?ers ir>.nr>:: l.ltri lust;
Wilson 1(1,517 1,0115 15,501
Coghlan 15,68'J., me, 15.020
Reagan 15.4:U 701 14.7.T:
Walsh 15,880 ' C.S7 15.10!)
Finn ...... 15.595 777 14.S1S
KEPUBLICAIJS' GAINING
ON LABOR CANDIDATES
Whether this section is mandatory upon
the Supervisors to contirm any appoint
ment the Justices might make is a ques
tion on which attorneys are inclined to
wage dispute. The assumption of some
Is that tne term "shall" means' "must,"
in which case the issue is plain. Others
affirm that the Supervisors form a legis
lative as well as ministerial body, aivl
that they have a legal right to exercisa
cMscretion in the matter of confirmation.
If this contention be admitted as true,
ilio possibility of securing a unanimous
vote on confirmation of . appointments
would be practically an impossibility. The
ceneral opinion is that the section quoted
is in no sense mandatory upon the Super
\Uors- to concur in the selection, to ' be
made by, the Justices.
Section 86 — Tho Supervisors of such city and
county shall appoint a Justices' Clerk on, the
written nomination and recommendation of
said Justices or a majority of them, who shall
hold oincc for two years and until Ids suc
cessor is In like manner appointed and qual
ified. • * * -
Supervisor Wynn has called a. meeting
of the special committee of the Board of
Supervisors appointed, to confer with the
Justices of the Peace -relative to the ap
pointment of a ' clerk to the Justices'
Court. 'The meeting will be held this aft
ernoon at 5 o'clock In the office of Mayor
Schmltz, end tho Justice*, are expected
to be present.
Every attempt thus far made to un
ravel the present tangle has only led to
the making of more knots. About fifty
cundldatci are seeking tho position, but
the fight has really simmered down to
five, theuo being in the order of prefer
ence us follows; Frank Grimes, formerly
clerk of Department 1 of the Buperioi*
Court; George McComb, .formerly a dep
uty undor Cierks Williams and Windrow;
Kivhard Welsh, State Henator and dep
uty county clerk; Frank Haynes, an at
torney, und Andrew Woods, an attache- of
ti local lav/ paper. Windrow", Wiliiama
and Fredrick, tne Mayor's appointee, ar«
nlao hopeful that the lightning may utrlka
f:i their direction;
None of the Justices will admit that
they have any choice. They expect to get
together and deciue upon a candidate ami
liebent his name to the Supervisors' com
mittee. But some of them do not like to
meet In the othce of the Mayor because
tlic-y .feel that he usurped some of their
authority. When they get t\ together a
rian of action will be tormulated, but
there will ue many moves on the political
checker- board before . this result is ac
complished. As the case stands at pres
ent Grimes has two Justices in his favor,
and the third, in the person of Justice
Joachimson, is being sought. Neither
Daniels, Dunn nor L.ong will admit for
publication that he favors Grimes.
Section 8t> of tne Code of Civil Procedure,
which it has been held governs the case,
is in part as follows:
If an Agreement Is Reached
Appointment Will Soon
Be Made.
Supervisors Will Talk
Over Matt er Wi bh
the Justices.
PULLING WIRES
FDR CLERKSHIP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1902.
California, Alcazar, Columbia, Central, Fischer's, Tivoli
and Orpheum Are Crowded Nightly.
THEATERS PRESENT GOOD BILLS
AND ENJOY LARGE PATRONAGE
5
Charge Against Him of Obtaining
MoneV by False Pretenses Is
Which would you rath-
er have, if you could have
your choice, transparent
skin or perfect features ?
All the world would
choose one way; and you
can have it measurably,
If you use Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you will have
the best complexion Na-
ture has for you.
Sold all over the world.
¦ .•-¦•¦ ¦ .
c beat Ode to SL PatricK, by Ed w in MarKham ° ««¦
EASTER ¦ J EASIER
EDITION ~ ' ' . EDITION
"«*t Washinston Society as. I Found It, « EXT
SUNDAY - * «, » »/, r. SUNDAY
by Mrs. Chauncey M. Depew.
Can Ycu Drscrifce Your first Friend So
That the Police Would Know Him?
How to Train Animils, by C. XNDrris.
Watch Pat and Heiny in New Adventures.
Latin-Quarter Characters.
Sprins Shirt Waists for ths Up-to-Date
weman. .
thb ¦..; . •.- .. ¦ . ". f - THE ,
SUNDAY ¦" r " SUNDAY
call Read the Wollville Stories by Alfred call
LEADS ¦¦¦•«» : ' '' T " "¦'*¦' LEADS
them all f ilcnry Lewis. them all
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trnln« Ivnvf itml arr «ltir In nrrlve Ml
MAX IIUMriMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) '
leave — From FebucaRT 9. 19C3 — ABRtT*
7:OOa IJenida, Siilmii, Elmlra and Sicrm-
'¦ memo.. ., 8--SZ9
7i0Oa Vacarllle, Wi^.ters. Riuniay..: 7:33?
>t3tM Martiiie/.SiuiUaiiinu.Vkllejo. Napa,
-. ¦ (;aliHt..|;a.1l.<l.H»lit» Horn H:25f
' S:O'«a DatU, WtKxlUiul. KnftbU Lauding.
Maryimlle. Uroriilo. 7<3-ft
SiOfl* AtlanUu K«(>re«s-()^<1eiKand Kaat R:*>I3a
h:«M»A'NiIe«.. I^thmr. Stockton liS.^f
»:ii«* Mirt, ,Mm,,U.U. HanfotO. V!«*li»,
.l'olt-rtille .,.. 4x33»
8z8(»» Sh»«M KxiircM-I>»Ti«, Williams (for
' S ' HnrtU-l t .Springs). . Willows. Red
Uliiff. PurtUml 7»3»t
liUII) S>n ,ti>ii«. . liiterinnrp. Stncktim.
I lone. fUrrai.irnli.. I'laevrTlUe.
; M»n«t)ll«. Chlci». Ue>l llliilT 4>X.1»
!»::HM OakiUi". C|ilnf»«,Himnra. Tuoluinne 4:25f
V:»»a 'tlHywun!. Niltsaud Way butloi.l.. 11:13*
»:«<»* ValUJo -. Iati23f
Dioiit l/« Anca'.es • Express— Murilnex.
. Tmcj. l<»tlirop. .siiniktui, Mrreed
KrcHiiiiHiul Lot AiiK«1e» j 7:83»
«»::|Oa V all- -J.. . ,-lUrtl.n.r. mi.l Way Htallolli 7l33f
iii:iiiia Th« U'erland i.imt».eit— <>cdeu, l.'ea.
.. ter; Uiikkh*. Clilrapi HiS3»
ll:tM)rS»i:riiiiii-iiln Iliror Sittxin.-m... (IllOUF
8ciiur llfiilcU, : n'fr.ter*. HacrameiilO,
-\\w,.\'n,n\. Ki.lifhls J.aii<lli<K,
M»ry»»lll«-, <>r..fllli. J»:3.1*
8:30p traytTaril.'Nil) ¦ am! Way HtUfor.i.. 7i33r
4:u»r Mm Llii-.-r.. San IUih.mi. Valleju.
N'.i|.... i'lIU'luk. Sitnta lt..«» H'2-Ta
4iOltp Nle>. Mferinore. Stockton. Ixxil... la.aSs
4>:».<r JUyw«nl. Nlle>,*aiL.ln«), I.l»>rniore |8i33*
•»:»»?!¦ Tli« OnrI l.lmltrd »- Kn.m.i>, Tulnre,
1 ll.lk. mllnl.l. SaiiRii* for Santa Uu<
' liiun. I .na Anxnli-n 8t»»»
R«««p Tort CVsta. Tr»cy. Lathmp. StccV ton I o:33»
3 ill II p Martin* 7., Antlucb. bivchton, Mer-
. os«I. Fr.Miin lSiBSr
•IHHM- llu/wunl. Nile* iiimI Han J()l» 7i3.1a
\a,n» r Vi.llt.Ji. lltSS*
iiiOtir Orlontal Mull— Og'lnn, DenTer.
Omaha, fit Lmila. <:iile*|n 4iS3»
llOOf Ori-Kiiu uml iJnlllnriiln I'Ul'ii-o.Mnfl.
rani«nl», Maryntlllf. lti«l<llii«.
I'.Mtli.iHl. !•«(«»• ftatiiiitl mill Eait t'33»
¦ i''i.i»Hnr. r«li'o, f..rk <Vu, M»rtl/j«*
-...I IV «y HUtlons .'. llitSA
IWlOSf VaiLJi 7»3a>
COAST IiINI3 (Nnrroi? <;kn B »).
'•* •-' (tv«.t<.f M..rlio»KlrecU
mil) a Nmriirk,<.'-iiit.i-M|llt > ,Hati.liii< v l<vitoii,
Umi'-lrr l!r. t li.Maii'»(,'riir.« n.l Way
Htatloi.a.:.. •;»•»
. fBilnp Nuwarh. (,'entettlllp. Ran .loin, Nnw
Aliiiiiilnii, I'l'ltiiu, lionliler «!rp«k,
Hnnln C«n/. an<l l'tliiclp*! Way
8m»Uo..« li»»»eA
4tl.tr Newark. Sam .loan. r.r.a Oatos t»=3t»A
«O.:iitr HuntrrV Train -San Jose aad Way
HtnUont 17.afl>
OAKLANO HARBOR FERRY.
T:om SIX rR*SCI:CO-r«oi of Market Siren (Slip 8)—
fl:lft U.OU Jl iO0a.ii. 1:C3 3:00 C.lSr.M.
rrtmOHHHD— f»tt .' Br»>Jt»«j.— 1«:00 Ja.00 t8:0»
' 1U:I)U».M. 12:00 2.03 ¦ 1:00 r.M.
COAST lilXC (llrnsil <an|T8).
fllilr.l nnd Tornaeit.l 8tg.)
<S:I4»A Han .i<.ro and Way ritntions «i*»a
7:«>O\ Sail .IiikohiiiI Wiiy HUtluli f8:OO4
/7:»<IA Nsir A'm-Htlrtt ,. / 4llUV
. SiOOa Cnsst Line Limited — Pan .Toss,
Gl!r. y. 8a!iuax, Bar. LnU OW»po.
. • tanta, i;«rhara. I .<»« Argflrs and
principal intermediate itatloi*.... IOi4Sv
• iOOa Han .lurn. Tie* linos. HanU Crux,
I'Hcific lfn>»«, taliuai. San Lull
. Cblspo ami Priiic<i>al iuteraediata
• . - SlaMnliS I 4llw»
1O::i0a San Jose and Way SUtions... *:3Sa
ll::i<)A M,iii .•iihr and Way Htatlnn »;16»
VAi lap .Smi Mati-o. Iteiiirunl. Meiilo Park.
I - , ' l'alii Alto. KantnUlara, Han .line.
I . '"• Tr»» rioo§. Santa Crux. Saliuas.
Momoiry a.nl I'aelne GrnTu fll»:43A
»:.i«r «an. loae ami Way KtaLlona... ItSM*
f I:l3l- KatiJiineaml I'rh.r.ipal Way HUtlons St30t
4ift0r Bunsrt limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Vrid*3«, for Lo* Angeles, El
I'aso New Orleans and New York.
ArrWes H und ays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays !••!•*
fSiOOrSau Joir. Los Gatos aud Frlucipal
Way SUtions t»«O»a
SiSOr San Jose ami Priueipal Way Stations «>»wr
«t:n»pPaii.To«-Mi(l WayStRtlons.. 7»il»f
tiHr New Orleans Eiprecs— Ran Lois
Oblapo. Santa lUrhara, Lo» An-^- " ,» - -
Celes. D -mine. El Paso, New Or- '
! leans and East tllMa
4»li4«p9an Jiwbiiu.1 Way Stations.... 7»»f
A for Morning ' . 1* for Afteruoon. .
? Hutiday ezceptod. ' ' t Sunday ooly.
_ • Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Frldafa^
NUKTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry
Conimenclne September 29, 1001.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. S:3P, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:30 and 11:40 d. m.
SUNDAY— 'SiOO. *10:C0. *ll:30 a. m., *1:15.
3:15, »4:45.- 6:30, 9:30 p. m. :
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:45, 8:35. 10:15
a. m.. »12:25. 2:15, »3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. ra. .
SUNDAYS-«-e:15, •8:00, »1 0:00, »11:45 a. m..
•1:40, *3:15, 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 2:45, 3:50.. 5:10 p. m. •
EXTRA- TRIPS- on Mondays, Wednesdays
And Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS^8:05,- 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15,
3:30, 5:00. 6:45 p. m.
r ...THROUGH TRAINS.
- . 6:55 ' a.' m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ;¦.'.•
1 :45 p: m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ; -.- .' -' ' . '
8:00 a.*m." Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday, time.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND ( NORTH PAC1F18
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafasl.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30 8:10. 6:30 p. ta.. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturday* — Extra, trlpa
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m. •
. San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 8:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:40. 3U0, 5:15 p. m. Saturday* — Extra
trip* at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05. 0:25 p. m. .
Leave I In Effect | Arriv*
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901| San Franelaeo.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Daya. | daya. | Destination! daya. |. Days.
7:S0am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm S»:3Gam Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:25aa»
S :00pm Healdsburr. 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30pm A :00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 8:20pn»
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm »:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
; :30am ~~ ~~~ 10:40am 10:23am
8:00am OuernevUle. T :33pm
3:30pm 6:00pm 8:20pm
7:30amf 8:00am Sonoma 9:13am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 8:C3pm 8:20pm,
7 :30am I 8:0Oara| ]10:40am(t0:25«m
3:30prol B:00pml 8ebastopol. I 7:33pm[ 6:20pm>
Stages connect at Snnta Roaa for Mark W»»c
Springs and White Sulphur Sprlncs; at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: ac
Ceyvervllla for Bleats* Spring*: at Cloverdala
for th« Geyser*: at Hopland for Duncan
Eprlnss. Highland Spring*. KeUeyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnc*. Soda Bar. Lakeport and Bartlate
Hprlngt; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, fcaratoca
Springs. Blue Lake*. Lauirl Dell Lake, Witter
Kprlns*. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Vall*y.
John Day'*. Riverside. Lierley's, Bu:knell't,
Sanhedrln Keighu. HullvUie. Orfs Hot Spring*.
Mendodno City. Fort Bragg,' Wist port. 1>U.
Wlllits, LaytonvlUe. Cummins, Bell'* Spring*.
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trtp tickets ta all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chroaid*
b °H? cfwHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
Pen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Art.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
iHTe Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'a uvrra Local
Dally Dally Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 3:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
•¦Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
"Fresno... Z:o5 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:60 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 pf 3:27 p 8:06 a
"VlsaMa... 3:30 p| 6:00a
" Bakerand 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. CJty 2:40 a 7:30 a
"Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon,
9:00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace , Sleeping Car* and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
rusa to Bakersfleld for accommodation of '
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:C5 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. ls Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30.
p m. dally.
8 P m. in the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Can to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cut* out at Fresno.
Corresponding: train arrives at 6:00 d. m.
dally. V '
7:20 a. ta. is Bakersfleld Local stopping 1 .
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
I Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; .1113 Broadway.
Oakland. . . .1 \. ¦
; flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
s L*ave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. Sin Fran.
. 8-30 a. 8:0Oa. _j.» .^n^™ !«„«, M tjo !•<» r. t»:45 a.
5 MS f. 10:00a. rt.J^Lu- -^-*« 3:00 T. 3:40 P.
4do p. 11:30a. ¦ ' _ tV__._ 4:2o p. o^5 P.
i ; 1:15 r. »:*•*•*"¦»» -* 5:55 p.
hn, Su rnattm ta Sumlt ml lUtnn. ll.m.
, SakriOBau, t£l 1USJLCT &TS£I1 ua ilOSAUTO Tt2it.
» f~*t^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
s JLJ| 620 KEABXY ST. JCitabllshed
ra*TlBS*Bain 1*54 for the treatment of Prlrata
tHJivCfgf Diseases. I^ist Manhood. Debility of
' ¦MW6wEWLdl»*nsi > wrearlngon body and mlml and
¦SHMBsSSkln Diseases. The Doc tor curea when
» fall. Try him. C'hargM low.
r 7!SQB&BS&*:ur**KnMr»mtmi. Cull or writ*
Dr. a. JP* OIBBOS. K«ui Francisco. CaL
' WeeMy Can $1.00 bbp Year
' -¦';, - V \ ,, ADVERTISEMENTS. '..:.._'. ' /. . 1
WOMEN OFTHEUNITED STATES
Regard Peruna as Their Shield Against Catarrh, Coughs, Colds,
Grip and Catarrhal Diseases.
««¦»»»¦»••••••••••»••¦¦»»•«•¦¦¦•••••••••••»»»•«¦¦•• Miss Flora "Wilson, 2472 Seventh avenu*)»
1 . ;'.;¦ SS • • • • f often a cold is the starting: point or cause
.««.«.»»»»«•»«• , i 1 m , I, ....... - . 1. ease. Colds are always dangerous and
••••••••¦•¦•»••¦ T ' should never be neglected a day. ..?: ,
MRS.BELVA A. LOCKWODD. LATE CANDIDATE FOR THE PRESIDENCY. A cold ls the beginnlnff of catarrh . Jt
.• Mrs. Belva Lockwood. the eminent; barrister of Washington, D. C. is the rfk^orlanl^fhtTea'd "throlt ffiSmPKd
only woman who has ever been a candidate for the Presidency of the United sWach^ eroeclallv A remedv thlt w"ll
States. She is the best-known woman in America. As the pioneer of her sex in cure a co'JT then would all th£»
rnL 1C^yHno e ComnInv sh^ f-^- red tame and fortune - In a letter J° The Pe ' direct effects of * wl5? U PerunI Is sufh'a
runa Medicine Company she sa>s: - remedy. We have letters from all over the
"/ h-v3 usjJ your Piruna both for myself and my moth 3r, Mrs. Hannah United states attesting to this fact. Th*
in .. ¦ . ' , ' ««., ¦ j 1 r- 1 ¦. ¦ ¦ • • ¦ 1 1 _»> poor and rich alike use and recommend it.
J. Bennott, nor/ in hsr 88th year, and I find it an invaluable remidy for a book of testimonials in the exact words
cold, catarrh, hay few andkinirai dis^sss; also a good tonic for feeble °LJr^^ t & > IS^ a^ - S£rS l o£SnJ?
and old pjoph, or thosi run down, and with norvis unstrung." . Columbus, Ohio.
Yours truly, BELVA A. LOCKWOOD. If you do not derive prompt and satis-
, , ' * ,. ,: ,i, , ' , ¦ • . „ '. „ factory results from the use of Peruna.
Any one who wishes perfect health must be entirely free from catarrh. Ca- write at once to Dr Hartman giving a
tarrh is well nigh universal; almost omnipresent. Peruna is the only absolute f u n statement of your case and he will
safeguard known. A cold is the beginning of catarrh. To prevent colds, to cure b e pleased to give you hia'valuable ad-
colds, is to cheat catarrh out of its victims. Peruna not only cures catarrh, but vice cratis <• ¦'•-; ">
prevents it. Every household should be supplied with this great remedy for
coughs, colds and so forth. Address Dr. Hartman. president of the
Address the Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus. Ohio, for a free book on catarrh. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
AD VZRTI SEXrlSNTS.
| Flavor \
4 Rich as the juice of the ripest /
C peach is the flavor of S
7 fw;t"«H 1 iliOtCi )
i\ giii Baltimore (
j l^*\ T^fV r? ffi*. :*f recorr.rr.er.csd to /
1 l%^y?&^?i%& women because \
CHRISTY A WISE COM5IISSIO5 OO-. Inc., y
J S2Sd:285Cfclijfonu«.St.,6«j»Fra.ncisco,C*iil. t
5 Telephone Wain ST2. \
TO THE PUBLIC.
i _-*?ci*v r ba v e been •wonder.
Wi /sSffiSBlBa TxXil y cured of fits and of
fc£GiEitj| hip troubie by the fa-
W>g$ l3 moua herb doctor, Wong
53j3?j t£ F Him, of 115-117 Mason
2/TJ * I St., S. F. I was nearly
t dead when I came to
f&iCm* J him and the fits I had
jt^"^3!^y^~^ v.ere dreadful, hut I am
/S^^^J^. enjoying perfect health
ffr*s^^V"""'r^y» ! V^* now. I can tell any ens
H22ffiiF^??JL\l*l* of the wonderful cures
*^r. 1. fcO ikiia»>** he has made for me.
I came from Meridian, Sutter County, Cal.. to
'Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me of all my
ailments. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTY.
Meridian. Sutter County. CaL
January 21, 1&02.
SAX FRANCISCO. Oct. 6. 1900.— To whom
!t may concern: This ls to certify that DR.
WONG«HIM of 115-117 Mason Bt., San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make this
statement. - as I find the Doctor strictly honest
ja every sense of the word, and an honorable
man In all his dealings. DR. C. A. GAY.
Dentist, 902 Second ave.. Seattle, Wash.
December 15. 1000. — This Is to certify that I
v.as EuJTcrini? for fifteen years from Blight's
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
F'.de. I trle-1 a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording rae any relief. That
eix months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
115-117 Mason Kt.. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and In perfect health. I write this In my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other
tiifferers may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this In perscn to any one that may
call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN* ALLANSON,
Orchard ave.. Elmhurst, Alameda. County, Cal.
k Weak Men ; and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS, - THE
Great Mexican ilemedy; tives health and'
ttresgth to eezual organ*. Depot, 223 Market,ONE of the encouraging features of. Southern
life just now is the fight. that is being made
against the unrestricted employment of chil
dren in the factories that are springing up so rap
idly in the cotton States. A very large number of
the factories are owned by Northern capital and are
under the control of Northern managers, so that. an
appeal has been made by Southern reformers to
Northern sentiment for assistance in putting an end
to the evil. It is rightly urged that since the owneW
of many of the mills are out of reach of public
opinion in the South they ought to be made to feel it
in their Northern homes. .. j , ¦¦ . .
) Public sentiment, however, whether North or
South, is not going to have much effect unless.it be
directed to the enactment of legislation forbidding
child labor. That much has been proven by the ex
perience of every country in dealing with the fac
tory, system of labor. It was so in old England and
in New England; in the East and in the West. The
South must profit by the example of the older man
ufacturing communities and enact laws to put a stop
to a practice whose pernicious effects can hardly be
overrated. ... (
Among the forces leading the contest for the
emancipation of children from the .curse of prema
ture toil the labor organizations of the country v have
naturally taken an important 'part. A report re
cently published by an agent of the Federation of
Labor upon conditions in the Southern mills says:
"Little ones ofvsix or even younger begin their
twelve hours' work a day in the mill, and thereT.is
scarcely a factory' out of the 663 at the beginning of
1901 without a batch of little ones under twelve.
When the mills are run at night,- brilliantly lit with
electricity, the little ones are still at work. The
illiterate negro sends his child to school,, the illiter
ate white man sends his into the mill. In Augusta,
Ga., there, are 567 children under, twelve working in
eight mills. Of 'these only 120 can read or write,
and they entered after their tenth birthdays and had
learned what they knew before that. In Alabama^
where the industry is -comparatively new, .there are
from 1000 to 1200 children under twelve in the mills,
SOUTHERN CHILD LABOR.
It is stated that a magazine has offered Miss Stone
$35*000 for a series of six articles, and if so the profits
of the affair will be $100,000 for the bandits, $35,000
and lecture bureau' fees for the abducted missionary,
with probably $50,000 for the fellows who helped to
look for, her. It is a business that pays everybody
concerned, and the general public gets the benefit
of a sensation and a new favorite.
FALSE PRETENCES-E. V. H.. Oak
land, Cal. The punishment for obtaining
money by false pretences is, if. under %T*i,
the same as for petty larceny and It
above that sum- the same as for grand
larceny.
SENATQR-R. G. R., idilo, CaL Sena
tors to the United States Congress are not
elected to represent particular districts.
They represent^ their States in their en
tirety. Representatives are elected from
districts. Tulare is in the Seventh Dis
trict, of which James C. Needham Is the
representative. *"!-•*'
MURDERS OF THE PAST— B. S., City.
In asking the question, "In what year did
Captain Planter murder Mrs. Harrington
on Geary street in San Francisco?" you
have mixed up two murders. One was
Miss Ellen Harrington, who was mur
dered In a house on Enis street by an
unknown party June 1, 1SK>, and the
other Mrs. Phillppina Langfeldt, who was
murdered by Philip Blanther on the lSth
of May, 1896, in a house on Geary street.
MILITARY ACADEMY— R. G. R., Milo,
Cal. .Applicants for admission into the
United States Military Academy at West
Point must be not less than 17 years of
age nor more than 22. free from any in
firmity rendering them unfit for military
service and able to pass a careful exami
nation In reading, writing, orthography,
arithmetic, grammar, geography and his
tory of the United States. File applica
tion with the Congressman from your dis
tric*
DUTIABLE ARTICLES IX THE MAIL
— H. S., City. When letters, sealed pack
ages or packages the wrappers of which
cannot be removed without destroying
them, are received in the United States?
from a foreign country and the post
master of the exchange office at which
they are received has reason to believe
that they contain articles liable to cus
toms duties, he shall immediately notify
the customs officer of the district in which
his office is located or the customs officer
designated by, the Secretary of the Treas
ury for the purpose of examining the
mails, also the -addressee, who must be
advised that he must appear at a time not
exceediog twenty days to open such pack
agejin the presence of the customs officer
A package containing dutiable articles
must pay the duty.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend s ?
¦ ? « ; _
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
• Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, «in fire-etched boxes or Jan ba«i
kets. Anice present for Eastern friend*
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied . daily to
business houses and public m^ by the
I-ress Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery, street. Telephone, Main 1042. •
OUTLAWED— N. D., Verona, Cal. In
California an obligation' if executed with
in the State runs four years, and if
without the State two years, and Is out
lawed if no action is taken.
A BRIDGE— F. W. L.. Alton, Cal.
There is a bridge connecting the Hearst
building with one that fronts on Steven
son street. ». -
FRUIT FARMS-G. W. K.. Sidney.
Iowa. The Call does not publish "a list
of fruit farms in and about San Fran
cisco."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
The State Board of Railroad Commis
sioners filed in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday their answer to the three
complaints filed by the railroad companies
in the oil rate cases. One suit is by the
Southern California Railroad Company,
another by the Santa Fe Pacific Railroad
Company, and the third by th© Atchlson.
Topeka and Santa Fe Company. There
are three answers,, one to each, suit, buc
as the suits are similar the answers are
likewise.
The Commissioners deny that the rail
roads of the complainants connect at
Barstow, and allege that the said Hne3 of
railroad have been and axe owned, oper
ated and controlled by the Atchlson, To
peka and Santa Fe, and that the same
have been operated in connection with the
entire system of railroads referred to In
the complaints as the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe system of roads, and no
one of them was, during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1901, operated as a separ
ate Brie, nor -were the earnings or oper
ating expenses in any manner separately
kept or ascertained, but that th© sama.
were maintained and operated by thcM
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe as a part
of its system. They allege further that
the figures given as the net and gross
earnings and- the operating expenses of
the separate roads are simply estimates
and arbitrary statements, and that there
are no means of estimating exactly or ap
proximately the earnings or expenses of.
said lines of railroad. | It Is averred also
that the roads paid a very large profit,
both as an entire system and upon that
part which Is operated wholly vithln the
State of California. N
Reduced Bates Are Reasonable! .
The Commissioners further deny tiiat
they gave th/eir consent or approval or
ratification to the rates fixed by the com
panies for the transporation of petroleum
over the lines of the complainants in
Southern California or elsewhere. They
also deny that th© rates so fixed are rea
sonable, and deny that the company or
its roads will suffer any injury whatever
by the enforcement of the reduced rates
proposed by the Commissioners.
. The Commissioners allege that their
schedule of rates was adopted after a
careful and thorough investigation of all
the circumstances pertaining ' to or sur
rounding the said rates. Denial Is made
of the allegation of the company that jL
per cent must be paid for the uss ¦%*
money for railroad purposes and it is
alleged that money for that purpose may
be obtained for 4 per cent. Then, usinff
plainer language, the Commissioners aver
that the claim of ownership separately of
Uie different lines is a sham, and that
the said lines are owned and operated
exclusively by the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe.
Business "Will Continue to Increase.
The allegation is further made that
the bonded Indebtedness of the complain
ant Is in excess of the assessed valuation
of the property. With reference* to the
statement that | nine-tenths of the busi
ness between San Francisco and Bakers
field is done by the Southern Pacific
Company the Commissioners say that tho
Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe is young
yet. and that its business will continue to
increase. The answer alleges further that
the earnings of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and the Atchlson. Topeka and Santa
Fe between Bakersfleld and San Fran
cisco for the carriage of oil alone exceed
: $1,500,000 per annum, not Including ship
ments south of Tehachapl, and that theso
earnings will steadily increase. In con
clusion the Commissioners ask that all
the actions be consolidated into one and
tried together. . . ,
Because-)of neglect. It is said, the tree*
, of Boston Common are in a woeful state
of degeneracy." There are ninety-four
or them, large and small, In the common
i that are past salvation. m£8&
•
Supervisor Connor submitted an amend
ed minority report, based on City,.Engi
neer Grunsky's report of March 10. This
amended report adds $177,166 to the pres
ent valuation of $23,914,454, making a total
of $24,091,620, and $SS58 30 to the interest
allowed, making $1,204,581 03. The report
explains that this increased amount does
not in any way change the ordinance pre
sented by the minority of the Water Com
mittee, as the company will receive suffi
cient revenue to meet it from increased
meter rates for public buildings.
As a result of much questioning Engi
neer Schussler made certain definite prop
ositions as to expenditures for improving
the distributing system which the com
pany would make . if the Supervisors
would fix rates as provided either in the
majority report or in the Mayor's recom
mendations. This, he contended, was done
on his own authority and against the
judgment of the directors, who stood out
for a $5 fire hydrant rate.
Dependent on . Bates.
! If the fire hydrant rate were fixed at $5
and other rates left unchanged Schussler
agreed that within two years the com
pany-would expend the $465,000 necessary
to put in larger mains and increase the
fire pressure in accordance with the rec
ommendations of Fire Chief Sullivan. If
the hydrant rate of the majority report,
$2>E0, be adopted Schussler said he would
pledge the company to expend $127,003
during the year for the Improvements
which Chief Sullivan had indicated a*3
most urgent. After repeated questions by
Supervisors Braunhart. and Brandenstein
Schussler agreed to such improvements
even should a $2 fire hydrant rate be es
tablished. When the $1 75 hydrant'rate of
the minority report was suggested
Schussler objected and said if it were
adopted, the company would expend only
the items ( of $10,000 for mains in the Sun
set District and $16,000 for increasing the
pressure in the Market-street mains*
From figures presented by. Schussjer it
appears that the company proposes to ex
pend between 5700,000 and $800,000 during
the next flscaJ year on the present reser
voir sites and dams. "Expenditure for im
proving the distributing system would de
pend, both Engineer Schussler and Attor
ney Kellogg explained, on the board's
adopting a fair ordinance,. one that would
raise, the market value of th,eir stock to
par so that sufflcierit.of itimight be sold
without sacrifice to give the better service
desired."
_ Hates and the Stock Market.
"The trouble is,*';Kellogg said, "you de
cide that. 5; per cent is a fair income on
our/ investment and then you. pass an or
dinance that gives us but 3?4' or/4 and a
fraction per cent.
"If you'll squeeze the water out of your
stock," Supervisor - Connor said, with
some heat, ."you'll get 5 per. cent on your
investment^ under the ordinances T pro
posed." ...¦¦' . _j,'
Kellogg tried tp, show how the, Super
visors'; lack of fairness, as he termed itl
hurt the market' for their stock and so
prevented- needed ' improvements , because
the company could not afford to dispose
of more stock so much below par. '
: He ; said unfair ordinances had , knocked
the stock from' $102 to $86. ¦
. . ','What' has made it jump - from $86 to
wMMg^Jilfl'lifltWlMlllliiiiii'i'liiwi hi I'iiMWiimwoiMiil
Supervisor Braunhart and Engineer
Schussler 'of the Spring Valley Water
Company occupied the center of the stage
during the afternoon's inquiry, with At
torney M. B. Kellogg occasionally coming
to the support of the engineer and Super
visors Brandens£ein and D'Ancona ask
ing pertinent questions of the corpora
tion's representatives.
The Supervisors continued the water
rates investigation yesterday in commit
tee of the whole and ended with closing
the inquiry and reporting back to the
board all the reports and evidence ad
duced. The board will meet next Mon
day at 1 o'clock to consider the reports
and fix rates for the next fiscal 'year.
It is difficult to understand how even such a fussy
man as Senator Hoar could have been so worked up
by a mere call for a resolution to make such a state
ment. The proposed amendment is not going to
affect any principle of the constitution at all. It is
not going to deprive the States, great or small, of
their equality of representation in the Senate. It is
not going to violate any pledge of the nation. . It
has no other intent and will have no other effect than
that of changing the method by which United States
Senators are elected. Each State will retain the
equal representati6n it now has, and every pledge
of the constitution to the States will be maintained
inviolate. It, is, jn feet, a question of- methods
merely, and not an issue of principle in any respect
whatever.
Even the plea that the present method of election
renders the Senate, like the Supreme Court, free
from the influence of popular movements and popu
lar excitements is not valid. Popular excitements,
if they .ire to be dreaded, must be guarded against
by some other means than that of requiring Sena
tors to be elected by legislators instead of the people,
for legislators are just as much subject to excite
ments as the people themselves. Legislative election
lias not prevented cranks of various kinds from en
tering the United States Senate, and the propor
tion of men of tkat sort in the Senate has not been
less than the proportion in the House.
The "popular excitement" argument, however, is
hardly better than a scarecrow. Senators hold for
six years: only one-third of their number are
elected in any one year. They come from widely
separated States. Such a body of legislators is not
likely to become too susceptible to popular in
fluences. The danger lies in the opposite direction.
Experience has shown that the election of Senators
by the present method leads to bribery, corruption,
.the subordination of State interests to Senatorial
contests, and to the election to the Senate of men
utterly unfit for the position! The demand for a
change arises from that experience, and sooner or
later is bound to be heeded.
Senator Hoar, speaking for the opposition, de
clared at once that he would not permit the call for
the resolution to pass without objection. He went
on to say: "This is z proposition to change a prin
ciple upon which the constitution is founded, and it
is a matter of historical fact that without the incor
poration of this principle the constitution never
would have been agreed to. The solemn pledge was
given to the States, small and great, that the equal
ity of the States never would be destroyed without
the consent of every one of them. The adoption of
the resolution could not be accomplished without a
breach of the national pledge." He then declared
the Supreme Court and the United States Senate to
be the two great bodies of the Government which
are free from the influence of popular movements
and popular excitements, and added: "I will do my
duty here as a member of the Committee on Elec
tions, but will not be hurried, and the Senate shall
not be hurried if I can help it."
PRESSURE of public sentiment has at last
forced the Senators to take notice of the reso
lution adopted by the House in favor of a con
stitutional amendment providing for the election of
United States Senators by direct vote of the people.
The Committee on Privileges and Elections has
been asked when it would report the resolution, and
the chairman of the committee, Senator Burrows,
has declared it will be submitted to the Senate in
time for action to be taken at this session. It is not
likely that it will be adopted when submitted, but
the very fact that it will be brought up for full dis
cussion is something. The resolution is not to be put
aside as of no moment. It is to have a hearing, and
those who oppose it must give their reasons for it.
: SENATORS AND THE PEOPLE.
Such men are not likely to control the vote in the
House unless they get all the Democrats to vote
with them. Should that happen it will be the duty
of the people in the coming election to take note of
those .who voted with the free-traders and retire!
them from Congress. In the present emergency
American industry cannot afford to trust to half-way
Republicans.- We must put none but stanch pro
tectionists on guard.
.«. Our invasion of Europe is becoming a matter for
the deepest concern, and if- some of our ambitious
capitalists are not more careful we will have new
trouble on our, hands. J. Pierpont Morgan wants
to send the yacht Columbia across the pond with the
boast that it can" beat the best our Continental friends
can supply. ES
¦ . ¦ * '
If the British boast that nothing but guerrilla, war
fare is now in, progress in South Africa' be' true we
can most heartily congratulate the British that they
are not compelled, to face anything more serious
They ;might have* cause. to ask the nations to try the
Boers for wanton murder.
.Another fast train has been; wrecked," this; time in'
Iowa, ; because of, a, misunderstanding of signals. If
State, Legislature^ were to; make -..such v misunder
standings punishable by. death, newspapers would
lose the recital of; railroad horrors. *
That is the; situation, but now conies a strong
lobby urging the sacrifice of American sugar inter
ests for the sake, it is said, of "helping Cuba." Un
der the fair-sounding name of "reciprocity" the
scheme is being put forward as a part of the general
policies of the Republican party. Its supporters,
however, come mainly from the ranks of free-traders,
or from Republicans who are willing to sacrifice the
interests of some Americans for the advantage of
others, or from those who, are dominated by senti
ment, and. believe we really owe Cuba, a debt that
can, be paid only by assuring her a continual pros
perity.
. In a recent report upon the subject the Committee
on National Affairs of "the Republican Club of New
York said: "In view of the fact that we are pay
ing $100,000,000 annually for foreign sugar, and en
couraged by the repeated pledges of \ie Republi
can party in its national platforms of fidelity to the
principle of protection, in addition to the vast sugar
interest of Louisiana, American citizens have in
vested $27,000,000 in the beet sugar industry in the
United States, and so rapid has been its development
since its establishment about a dozen years ago that
facts sustain the prediction that within ten y§ars of
continued protection this domestic product will en
tirely; meet the. home consumption, the sum of an
otlier $100,000,000 be spent in our market for
the enrichment of our own people, and another great
industry, in; addition to that of tm plate, steel rails
and many others, be credited to the Republican prin
ciple of protection."
The resolutions submitted ,to the conference ex
press true Republicanism. They declare: "First,
that we reaffirm our adherence to ' the Republican
national platform of. 1896, insuring adequate protec
tion to the cane and -beet sugar industries of the
United States r 'and .to the policy of reciprocity as
declared in our platform of 1900. Second, that, we
have maintained and will continue to faithfully dis
charge the obligation , to Cuba assured by virtue of
the treaty of Paris and. the Platt amendment, and
that we favor such commercial 1 agreements with her
as her. government,, when established, may be/ willing
to make and which will be in harmony with our na
tional policy of protection, and reciprocity. Third,
that no further action be taken respecting the propo
sition to reduce the tariff on Cuban products com
ing into this country."
7* It is difficult to see how any stanch and genuine
Republican can consistently oppose such resolutions.
In fact, the leading speaker in favor of reciprocity at
the conference was^compelled fo base his argument
upon the assertion, "as reported) that "Cuba is now
and has been ever since the treaty of Paris under
the sovereignty of the United States; that her terri
tory is a part of the territory of the United States,
and that her people have been permitted to erect a
government, but not a sovereignty, and consequently
they have a right to special trade privileges with this
country." An argument based upon such assump
tions hardly needs - refutation. It is worth noting,
however, 'as an evidence of the drift of the Cuban
sugar schemers to bring about annexation of the
island.
DISPATCHES from Washington concerning
the conference of Republicans of the House
on the Cuban reciprocity question show that
while no decisive vote on the issue was taken there is
every reason to believe the opponents of reciprocity
are assured of ultimate .victory. It is stated they
were eager for a i vote Ion. the 'question, while the ad
vocates of the scheme sought delay. At the request
of the Speaker delay was granted, but it is stated
that many who voted for postponement did so
solely out of deference to the Speaker's appeal.
THE CUBAN SUGAR SCHEME
THURSDAY. . > .MARCH 13, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
ktttttt All CemicsBiettlcns tt W. 8. LEAKS, Kuagtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 2O4
I'lBLICATIOS OFFICE. . .Market and. Tnlrd. S. F.
Telcpbbne Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... S17 <o 221 Stcveaoon 91.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered »»y Carriers. 15 Cent* Per WeelV: „:
Simple Coplen. li Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including: Postaset
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year..! ...fB.oO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 montht 8.00
DAILY CALL {Including Sunday). 3 moaibs 1.B0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month... We
EDNDAT CALL. One Year ••-•• 1-33
WEEKLY CALL. One Yeer ••• 1-00
All postmasters fire authorized to reeelre
•nbscrlptlon*.-.
6ample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ,. 1118 Broad vrar
C GEORGE KKOGXESS.
K»B&gtr Foreign Advertising, Kirfnette Bcildinj, Chieigo.
(Lent Distance Telephone "Central 2C19.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAXU.TO3T Herald Squsm
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fcTEPriEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL .
" CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehenaen Hocee; P. O. Neva Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rrenost House; Auditorium Hotel.
IWASHIUGTOW <f>. C> OFFICE 1406 G St.. X. W.
MORTON E. CBAXE, Correspondent.
BILAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay. ep«n
cntil 8:80 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 0:30 o'clock. 033
McAllister, open until 9:30 c 1 clock. 615 Larkln. open until
• :S0 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Marker, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open -until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
vr.V.l 9 o'clock. 2200 Filltnore. open until 9 p. m.
According to a calculation made by. the Naval Bu
reau of Ordnance, Dewey's fleet burned seventy-five
tons of powder and hurled sixty-seven tons of pro
jectiles at a total cost of $50,000" during the" battle of
Manila, while in the Santiago" fight the consumption
of powder by our fleet was fifty tons and the weight
of projectiles 114 tons,, while .the cost was $85,000.
It will be seen that the 'cost was big in each case, but
considering what we got for'it'there is no occasion
for kicking. ' ¦•
It is a case of "hands all round." The time has
come for San Francisco to demonstrate her leader
ship in the Statef for her merchants, bankers and
manufacturers to show their willingness to help in
the upbuilding of the interior. The movement has
been started. Let every man of progressive ideas
and energies aid in promoting it.
Taking all things into consideration the prospect
for starting a swift development of the northern
counties of the State is brighter than it has been for
years. The counties themselves^are moving with a
new activity, with resolution and in harmony with
one another. San Francisco adds her forces to a
movement already under way. The approaching ex
position at St. Louis gives a stimulus to immediate
exertion by promising immediate benefits. No time
is to be wasted in looking about to see what shall be
done. Enthusiasm perceives its work directly "before
it. We must make at St. Louis an exposition that
will show how much we have advanced since the
days of the grand exhibit at Chicago. It must be a
State exhibit and every section of the State must be
represented. Those sections that need help must
have help, and those counties which are doing most
for themselves should have the cordial co-operation
of the metrooolis.
The speeches at the meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce were equally pointed and harmonious.
A cordial approval was given to the plan of co
operating with the interior counties, and President
Newhall was authorized to act as a representative of
the chamber and to call a meeting of the presidents
of other commercial bodies in the city for the pur
pose of effecting a joint organization through which
all of them can work together in the enterprise.
While no official action on the matter Has as yet been
taken by the other commercial and industrial organi
zations, it is not to be doubted that all will join in.
The movement, in fact, is too important and the cir
cumstances of the time«are too propitious for a suc
cess which will be of benefit to the city and to the
State for any body of progressive citizens to hold
aloof from it. ,_^
"It was Josh Billings, I think, who advised that the
best time to set a hen is the time when the hen
wishes to set, and that is good' philosophy along all
other lines of life. The" country is wide awake now
and wishes to promote its own interests. There is
no better excuse than that furnishes for us to' jump
right in and, help." '
That is the issue in a nutshell. The only thing to
be added to it is the statement that the time to give
help to Northern California is right now. Mr.
Mills brought out that point very clearly in saying:
It is just as well to repeat over and over again, in
order that it may not be misrepresented nor misun
derstood, that the movement implies no "antagonism
to the southern section of the State. President
Chipman of the State Board of Trade put the issue
rightly in his statement: "I think it is the duty of
this board. to address its energies especially to the
development of. Northern California, and to that end
we offer co-operation in every possible way with the
effort now being made for organized work to peo
ple this vast and rich country. In justification of my
recommendation I desire to say that although we
constitute a State organization, and have ¦ avoided
discriminating in our work in \ favor of individual
localities, I regard it to be our duty to help those
parts of the State that need help, and in doing so I
believe we are performing our highest duty to the
State. I believe, also, that the most enlightened
sentiment of Southern California would applaud our
efforts in building up neglected portions of the
State."
BYVT: the speeches made and the action taken at
the meeting of the State Board of, Trade and
of the Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday as
surance is given that those bodies will cordially co
operate with the counties of Northern. California' in
making known their resources and promoting their
industrial and commercial development. Plans have
been devised for a general co-operation in the work
of the various commercial organizations of the city,
and that means something like bringing all San
Francisco into line. It is a movement full of prom
ise and merits cordial support from all quarters.
HANDS ALL AROUND
NATIONAL LAWS FOR THE GOVERNMENT
OF TRUSTS AND PROTECTION OF STATES
most of whom are illiterate. In South Carolina in
1890 there- were 30,000; more negro than white chil
dren in. school, while - t the factories swarmed with
white children. The of one mill, giving
evidence before the Legislature, stated that 60 per
cent of his operatives were under twelve."
\ Such a condition of affairs is not to be tolerated,
and it is gratifying to note a strong. element of the
Southern people earnestly seeking to put an end to
it. " The struggle,- however, is likely to be a long one.
The South has just begun to develop manufacturing
industries, and will be averse to- enacting legisla
tion which, the factory owners regard as hostile." Ef
forts have been repeatedly made in several of the
cotton States to procure, the enactment of child la
bor laws similar to those in Northern States,. but
they have hitherto proven futile. The factory owners
array against the reform movement first the poor
whites who -wish their children, to work in factories,
and, second, Southern sensitiveness to Northern in
terference with Southern problems. • It may take a
long time to overcome such opposition, but in the
erid it must give way. Child labor is too alien to all
American traditions and to all the aims of American
workingmen for its practice to be continued in-,
definitely in even the most backward States.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.; THURSDAY, MARCH 13 ,' 1902.
6
AT Harvard' University on . the afternoon of March 10
James B. Dill, the well known corporation lawyer, of
New York, discussed ' the necessity of having "national
laws to •¦¦ govern trusts or . great Industrial combina
'i_ -'-¦•; ---"¦ - tlons." Besides the members of the Harvard Economic
Society, the. address attracted a large assemblage of visitors
interested in the questions growing out of the anti-trust liti
gation before the United States Supreme Court.
Mr. Dill, in opening, made the points (first) that the best
intelligence of the country favored the adoption of national
principles with respect to corporate measures; (second) "that
history showed that In instances where interstate warfare had
affected trade and "commerce unfavorably Federal assumption
of the matters in dispute had frequently resulted, and (third)
.that whenever a force affecting the welfare of the country at
large has been found "to have outgrown , the swaddling
clothes' of the express powers of the constitution and to be en
titled to the protection cf a national law the American people
had always overridden mere technicalities and taken unto them
selve.sthe requisite authority under the implied powers of the
constitution.
Saying that he accepted the term "trust" to signify a "cor
porate aggregation engaged in other than merely local busi
ness, and not confined, in its operations to the State of it3
creation, 'he insisted that the "trust", was national in extent
and an integral part of the best growth and financial develop
ment of the country. * *
-¦I. Present State legislation tended to lack of uniformity to
diversity and to direct antagonism. "Charter-granting States
are so shaping their corporate legislation," added Mr Dill,
that their charters will be a product to other than
thehv own citizens. More than this, they are permitting those
or other States who will come to them for charters to do
things which they deny their own citizens. The State of New
York to-day forbids the oiganizatlon of transportation, rail
road and what is commonly known as quasi public corpora
tions to be organized under any other than the particular law
providing such corporations with its restrictions and safe
guards. Nevertheless, that State has before it to-day a bill
making it lawful to forma corporation for the business of
constructing, maintaining and operating a railroad, telephone
or telegraph lines under the business corporations law, pro
vided all operations of these companies shall be carried on
wholly beyond its borders. In other words, New York Is as
suming to grant powers to corporations to carry into effect
outside the State that it will not permit to" be exercised wihin
its own territory."- ¦
Further, Mr. Dill contended that "State legislation for
revenue" was .most pernicious in tendency, since if the Staje
as a whole was for sale the moral example of the State tended
to make legislators individually for sale.
Mr. Dill contended that the power. for good legislation af
fecting trusts was crippled by the lack of national jurisdic
tion. Each State legislated for itself in disregard of the na
tion's good. The result was confusion and frequent conflict
between Federal and State statutes.
"Americans have not as yet begun to realize," declared Mr.
Dill, "the force and power of these aggregations of capital.
Viewed on the one hand from the standpoint of undoubted
advantage to the country, certain intelligent people are in
clined to do away with all legal restrictions upon the growth
and progress of great organizations. Others, realizing the
dangers which of necessity accompany power of any kind, and
which, when united in combinations, present, if uncontrolled,
more than a menace to our country, are inclined to repress
the trust movement in every possible way." The safe method,
Mr. Dill thought, was not in abolishing trusts, but in properly
applying the principles they represented. The basis of discus
sion respecting the legal control of combinations was not first
utility and then control, but utilization and control par! passu.
Citing several interesting instances of Interstate warfare,
Mr. Dill contended that trusts had outgrown the confines of
mere State legislation and had now become a national force.
He said: "This contest between States has reached the point
where Minnesota has in vain appealed to the Supreme Court
of the United StateB for relief, openly charging New Jersey
with' permitting a great corporation to organize under its laws
for the express purpose of doing what was forbidden in Minne
sota, and what directly affects and was intended to affect
property located in Minnesota. It needs no argument for the
student of corporate legislation to rebch the conclusion that
it is not toward uniformity that State legislation is drifting, but
toward interstate warfare."
Mr. Dill then urged the passage of a Federal law along the
lines of the national banking act, not abridging the powers of
the State to create corporations," but giving the option to
corporations whose business' Is national in extent relating to
trade with foreign countries or between States to organize
under national laws guaranteeing protection against conflict-
Ing State legislation and political enactments. Such an act
should be based upon a public demand for cleaner legislation
and purer politics, and providing:
First— It should be optional, as in the case of the national
banking act, leaving corporations free to organize under State
acts If they choose.
Second— It should deny the name "national" to any but
national corporations, compelling other corporations who as
sume that title to change it.
Third— National corporations should have freedom from
State supervision and should be subject' t'o taxation by the
State only to the amount of property actually In the State,
and then upon the same basis 'as an individual.
Fourth— The national corporation should be subject to na
tional supervision and examination and should require at least
private publicity, would probably also require a degree of pub
lic publicity.
Fifth— It should be protected from State attack to the same
extent that the national banks are, viz., it should not be sub
ject to attachment or other provisional limitations which pre
vail in any State against non-residents; that is to say. being a
United States corporation,^ should be a citizen of the United
States and a citizen of each State to the extent that It has all
rights of citizens as to attacks in the courts. *
Discussing the practical advantages of such a measure,
Mr. Dill said In conclusion: ' s
"Would corporations avail themselves of the opportunity
to organize under a national law? Yes, for their tendency to
day is to assume a national character. This is shown by the
designations 'United States,' 'American/ 'Federal/ 'National'
and even 'International/ There is a tendency to publicity, at
least to 'private publicity/ on the part of the better class oi
corporations, such as the United States Steel Corporation, the
National Biscuit and others, as a matter of self-preservation.
The tendency In each case Is to publish more and more the
details in order that the good corporations and the sound or
ganizations may show themselves to be in a position where
the others dare not follow them. In making public statement*.
They proceed 'upon the theory that the man six feet tall can
wade through a stream of such depth that a man fiva feet
high would be drowned in the crossing, and the great cor
porations are quite willing to drown In the stream of pub
licity the other corporations who are following In their waku
and attempting to imitate their standing and position.
"No great corporation can be put upon the market without
a financial syndicate. No matter how great or how strong la
that syndicate, it must go to the banks for money. The banks
will not perpetually advance funds upon underwritings or
other securities. So the syndicate ultimately gets to tho pub
lic. The bankers, knowing this, would insist that th© financiers
organize their company under that law which would inspire
the greatest public confidence in order that the publlo would
ultimately Invest.
"Then, too, the law nbould have a requirement that pres
ent combinations might become national combinations upon ' a
theory similar to that by which State banks are entitled to
become national banks. This would be availed of by the sound
corporations for their own good, not only for protection against
imitators and those not able to follow them, but also as a
protection against the diverse and inconsistent laws of the
various States. The tendency of the States is to attract more
and more foreign corporations, and therefore the great cor
porations would avail themselves of the privilege of becoming
a United States corporation, and thereby being: a corporation
foreign to no State, thereby securing to themselves the priv
ileges and immunities of citizens of every State.
"The point of the whole matter is that they would secure
to themselves uniformity of legislation throughout the length
and breadth of the United States. Texas and other States
may drive insurance companies out of their territories, but
they cannot drive national banks out because the national
batik derives its existence from a power higher than that of a
State-created organization. Xo corporation engaged in Inter
state commerce, no corporation desiring to do business
throughout the length and breadth of the country could afford
to be other than a national organization.
"It would not be long before the investing public would
draw the lines sharply between State-created organization:
assuming to do a business national in extent and truly national
corporations. In a word, the successful combination must be
in its nature a national organization in order to even pretenc
to carry out the economic theories upon which it is based
Given a law which creates real national corporations and aT
others would become imitators and be so known to the public.
The public would refuse to take the stock of such an organ
ization on the same principle that it would refuse to take t
counterfeit bill."
SPRING VALLEY
OVERTURES ON
RATE QUESTION
$92 in the last few days, if it was not our
votes?" asked Braunhart.
: Vltwas the faith of "the public," re
torted Kellogg, "that a majority of this
board is fair-minded. And I don't believe
they were looking to you when they
thought so."
City Engineer Grunsky was on the
stand briefly and Fire Chief Sullivan tes
tified- that while all the improvements he
had recommended were urgent, the most
urgent of them had been placed by him
on the list of improvements which Schua3
ler proposed should be made during the
year.
NEW OIL RATES
ARE PROFITABLE
TO THE RAILWAYS
AMUSEMENTS. *
California — "The "Wb!te Slave."
Tlvoli — "The Serenade."
Central— "Oliver Twist."
Alcazar — "A Coat of Many Colors."
Columbia — "Arizona."
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-houre — "The House That Jack Built."
Fischer's Theater— "The French Maid."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
t Metropolitan Hall — Paderewski evening. ¦
Bherman-Clay Hall— Katherine" Fisk, Friday nleht.
Mechanic* 1 Pavilion— Xorris & Rowe's Big Shows, Sat-
urday. ' - «
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Occidental Horse Exchange — This day. 150 Horsea. at
721 Howard street.
Auction Sal<- — This day. Horses, at 721 Howard street.
Auction Sale Friday. March 14. at 10 o'clock, trotters and
pacers, at 1106 Golden Gate avenue.
By McGlynn & Menton — Friday, March 21, at 12:15 o'clock.
rtork of the Fleres Hale &. Company, at room 22, Chronicle
building.Arrives a Little Late, but Lands British flails in
lime ]to hake Atlantic Connections.
VENTURA BUCKS HEAD WINDS
ALL THE WAY ACROSS PACIFIC
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Mandalay.... Coquille River Mar. 13
BantaMonlca Humboldt Mar. 13
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Mar 13
Lakme Portland & Astoria Mar 13
Queen Puget Sound Ports Max. 13
Eureka. Humboldt Mar 13
Bpokane Saij Diego it Way Ports. Man 13
'Point Arena.- Point Arena Mar 1'i
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Mar! 13
Progreso Seattle Mar 13
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Mar. 14
Victoria..... Comox Mar 14
Coronado.... Santa Barbara Mar' 11
J. S. KlmbaU Seattle & Tacoma Mar." 15
Sta. Barbara. Santa Barbara Mar. 15
Asuncion.... Tacoma. Mar" 13
Mackinaw . . . Tacoma Mar' 15
Pleiades..... Seattle Mar! 15
Pomona Humboldt Mar 16
Del Norte... Crescent CJty Mar' 16
O. W. Elders Portland & Astoria IMar' lrt
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. Mar 1«
Alliance Portland & Way Dts.^. Mar 17
Folmina Nanalmo Mar' 17
LeeUnaw New York via Panama. Mar" IS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. Mar" 18
Newburg San Pedro Mar" ID
Peking China & Japan Mar' 19
North Fork.. Humboldt Mar* lb
Bpnlta Newport & Way Ports.. Mar! 20
Hermonthis.. Hamburg via W. Coast. Mar 20
Australia Tahiti M ar " 21
City of Para.. Panama & Way Ports Mar" 21
Santa. Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Mar' 21
Columbia. . . . Portland &. Astoria. . . Mar" 21
City of Puebla Puget Sound Ports Mar! 23
•; ''¦¦'¦',' TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination! Sails. Pier."
March 13. T~
North Fork Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Meteor..... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Swalll
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports.. » am|Pier 2
8an Pedro. . Grays Harbor .... 5 pmJPler %
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City.... 3 pmfPler IS
Isis Hamburg & Way... 12- m|Pler 27
Palena Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier \u
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm PilSa
Jlnicli 14.
Iaqua Seattle direct 0 am Pier 23
G. Llndauei Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier —
Coronado... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Empire.... Coos Bay ...^....12 xn Pier 13
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What. 6 jmPlw 2
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm Pier S
Columbia. . Astoria £ Portland 11 am Pier 24
3IarcU 15.
Grays Harbor.^... 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata .. Cooa B. & Pt. Orrd 12 m Pier Is
Mandalay.. Coquille River Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier U
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier *
Bonlta .. Newport & WayPts » am Pier U
G Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
March 16.
neanatch Seattle & Kairhaven 9 am Pier 1$
PfKf, Astoria t Portland. 9 am Pier 2
SSSSSiV.v 8aa a £SS 1 *iK ay "' amPlep u :
Artrvii N. T. via Panama. 2 pm Swalll
Cn^n Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Rival ".'.'.'. Wlllapa -Harbor. ...4 pm Pier 2
" March 18. I
Newport... Panama & Wav Pts 12 a PM33
March 1». |
Newburg . . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
State ofCal San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
S EWerT? ' Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Cooa Bay". San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
March ZO.
Ventura... Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 20
Alliance... Portland & Coos B. ...... Pier -.
J Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
March 21.
Amer.Maru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
; FROM SEATTLE. .
Steamer. For. I Sail*.
Dirieo Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 14
E Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Nome City. . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 18
Cottage City. Skagway & 'Way Ports. Mar. IS
Dolphin...... Skagway: & Way Ports. Mar. 13 '
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 20
CltyofTopeka I Skagway & "Way Ports. Mar. 21
Sun, Moon and. Tides.
United States Coast and Geodetio Surrey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
¦ NOTE — The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ts the same at both places.
\ THURSDAY, MARCH 13.
i
Sun rises .,...8:24
Sun sets •*^****~±** * :1 *
Moon sets 10 :31 p, m.
C Time Time Time Tim*
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Jt.
• . H -W L W H W L W
12 Q:47 B.2 C:55 0.8 1:28 4.8 7:05 1.$
13 1:22 6.2 7:46 0.7 2:28 4.6 7:49 2.2
14 2:01 5.2 8:46 0.6 3:36' 4.2 8:40 2.6
15 2:50 5.1 9:52 0.5 4:55 4.1 9:42 2.3
16 3:47 6.011:05 0.4 6:17 4.110:56 3.0
17 4:58 5.012:15 0.3 7:28 4.3
L W H W L W H W
18 0:16 3.0 6:16 4.0 1:17 0.2 8:25 4.5
19 1:25 2.9 7:31 5.0 2:12 0.2 9:12[ 4.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides ar» given in th« left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, ms
lometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition, to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference i* tas maaa
of the lower low waters.
1 Wednesday, March 12.
Stmr Ventura, Hay wards, 22 days 10 hours
from Sydney, via Honolulu" (i days 10 hours
40 minutes. ..-
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fcssn, 70 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr C ' C Lindauer, ' Allen,, 72 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hlggins, 32 hours from Por*
Harfcrd. , '
- Stmr . South Portland, Ssars, 62 . hours from
Coos Bay. K~- : . ¦ '.: .
Stmr Empire. Macgenn, 49 hours from Coos
Bay. • J ; ' " ¦
• Stmr ; Geo . I,oomi3, Brldgett, 39 hours from
Ventura.
¦ Stmr. Arctic, Reiner,' 23 hours ;from Eureka.
- . Stmr.Celia; Adler, 18 hours from Albion.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Puebla's Cargo.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general cargo destined for
the principal - British Columbian aorts. The
cargo as manifested up to 3 p. m. yesterday
was valued at $5813, and included the follow
ing merchandise and produce:
35,630. lbs malt, 7875 lbs dried fruit, 1623
lbs chocolate, 1200 lha mlllstuffs, J037 lbs wal
nuts, C25 lbs pearl barley, 40S lbs tobacco, 40
bars iron, 2 .bars steel, 266 lbs cheese, 327 lbs
butter. 4 Pkg« dry soods, 7 pkgs electrical sup
plies, 400 ctls barley, 3 cs and 10 gale wine,
20 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1524 Ib3
coffee, CO pkgs fresh fruits, OS pkgs fresh veg
etables, 15 biles twine. 46 cs canned goods, 8
pkg3 agricultural Implements, 20 cs honey,
2862 lbs bluestone, 6 cs axle grease, 525 lbs
sugar, 18 pkys^drugs, CO tins matches, 1CS4
lbs starch, 335 boxes paste.-
A Cargo for Guam.
The trig J. D. Spreckels was cleared yester
day for Guam -with an assorted merchandise
cargo valued at $10,791. The "cargo Included
the 'following: 65U bbls flour, 6000 lbs sugar
SiOO lbs bread, 2tt'O lbs meals, Otf.745 ft lum
ber, 1 cs hats, 150 cs soan, 129 pkgs groceries
and provisions, G4 pkgs table food*. 500 baUs
hay, 11 cs shoes, 12 plcgs dry goods, 24 pkgs
drugs. 9 pkgs crocktry, 5 bicycles, 31 pkgs
paints and oils, 24 kegs powder, 1 cs fuee 2!
pkgs hardware, 2310 rals cofll oil. 39 C3 canned
goods, 12 cs and 356 gals wine, 60 csks bottled
beer, 35 cs whisky. 5 cs gin, 8 pkgs tank ma
terial, 13 pkgs furniture, 2000 shingles, 0 crts
potatoes, 1 crt cnions,^ 17 pkgs * missionary
goods.
Exports of Breadstuffs.
¦ The British ship Lnngdale was cleared yes
terday for Antwerp with 32,740 ells • wheat,
valued at $."5«,8OO, and 35,802 ct!s rye valued
at $"2,200. The vessel carried 20,000 ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at t-iou.
The barkentlfie Tropic Bird will load gen
eral cargo at this port for Tahiti.
The German ship Wllkommen is chartered
for Barley to Europe, 23s Od. a decline.
NEWS OF' THE OCEAN.
Eugene O'Hare, first assistant engineer
of the steam schooner Acme, filed a libel
yesterday in the United States District
Court against the French bark Max to
recover salvage for saving the Max from
go!ng ashore January 4 last.
French Bark Max Is Libeled.
The Merchants' Exchange yesterday received
a letter from Calvin C. Stewart or Bear Har
bor, Mendocln© County, saying that on the
6th inst. a life belt in a good state of preser
vation was picked up on the beach at that
place. It bore the following: "Passed U. 8.
Asst. Inspection steam vessels. New York — N
J., Dec. 13. 1899." "Nonpareil Cork Life Belt
— Pat. July 11, '01 and Oct. — . David Kahr
meller, sole agent. 437 Pearl street." ;
It Is thought that the belt was one of the
many^thfown overboard from the Walla Walla
after thSxsteamshlp's fatal collision with the
Max. *
A Walla Walla Reminder.
ery being silenced to hold an informal festival.
Captain Mclntyre Is an organist of come abil
ity. Chief Officer Wilson plays the violin ana
each of the other deck and engineer officers
plays some kind of stringed Instrument. The
Adato orchestra is a popular institution in
whatever port the vessel's tramping takes her.
She will discharge part of her cargo here and
the remainder at Portland.
The presence aboard of nine stowaways
from Honolulu caused a delay in quaran
tine while the volunteer passengers were
being transferred to Angel Island. The
Ventura brought 221 passengers and a
large carec * .
The passenger list follows:
From Sydney — Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Hartman
A. Longlands, Mr. and Mrs. T. AV. Warren)
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Tracy, John H. Wagner,
Miss lima de Monza, D. B. Macmillan. Mrs.
W. Thompson, A. Stokes, Mr. and Mrs. N.
Jacobs, Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Johnson, Mrs. M.
Williamson, Miss Aileen -Moore. • Mrs. Kendall
Johnson and son, E. A. C. Smith, H. Wuschek
G. Ullrich, Miss M. L. Batchelor, Miss R. t!
Davidson, Miss M. G. F. Davidson. II. A. Sy
mons. Miss A. Flynn, Mrs. L. Flsch M J
Green; J. 8. Berlro. Mrs. M. L. Morris R. J.
Machen. Mrs. E. Robinson and eight children,
Margaret Pabet, Catherine Pabst, T. J. Rob
ins, John Davidson, Charles Saundrin, William
Kaels, Henry Herrin, H. F. Loveland, E Pe
dersen. William Droyer, M. Plumb, Otto List,
John E. Kennedy, L. C. Triplett, M. Nichelaon
Henry Elliott. Andrew Berg, William Almly)
Frances Flynn.
From Auckland — Mr. and Mrs. w. Alexander,
Mrs. M. Bennett, Miss G. M. Bennett, Mr. and
Mrs. R. Logan. Miss C. R. Logan, Rev. and
Mrs. J. Thurlow. ' Mr. ami Mrs. L. Chapman,
D. R. Caldwell, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Chessmer
Mrs. T. J. Nlmtno, A. WIcke, V. G. Bogue, a!
B. Booth, Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Burgess, Rev. T.
E. Lindsay. Mr. and Mra. A. Mahler, A. C.
Newcomb, V. Gbldwater. Mrs. R. Goldwater,
Joseph Slavin, a cadet, was knocked
down by a sea during the voyage from
Honolulu and sustained a fracture of the
left arm. Slavin, with some other catiets,
•was putting' In his watch below inspect
ing the bone in the Ventura's mouth. A
big sea scattered the inspection party,
knocking the cadets about like ; ninepins
and throwing Slavin against the rail.
Between Pago-Pago and Honolulu- some
terrific weather was encountered. Head
winds and a heavy head sea prevailed be
tween these ports, and for two days be
fore Honolulu was. reached the Ventura
traveled in the teeth of a heavy gale. The
heavy weather continued for the first two
days out of Honolulu. The sea moder
ated on March 7, and during the latter
part of the voyage the Paciflj/behaved as
from her name she should.
winds, but In plenty time to land
her British-Australian mail in New 1 York
without missing trans-Atlantic connec
tions, the breaking down of the Etruria
having caused a temporary change in the
Atlantic schedule. The Ventura left Syd
ney February 18 and Auckland four days
later.
,p5"T|«^ HE Oceanic Steamship Company's
1 steamship Ventura arrived yes
1 terday from the Antipodes a few
JJL hours behind time, owing to hea<l
• There wa«- no wharf' vacant for the Adato
but her officers didn't care. They are- all
musicians and took advantage of the machln-
• The British; steamship Adato, the cleanest
looking , tramp . that has been in port for many
a day. arrived > yesterday from Manila with a
cargo of hemp. The'Adato made quite a smart
passage j in SDite of head winds. , She was
thirty-three days from Manila and from Moro
ran, Japan, • nineteen; days. About 200" miles
off Tsugar- Straits she passed an ice floe over
thirty. miles Ions.' , : , . •'¦.
All. the Officers Are Musicians./
The officials on the United States army
transport dock will * this afternoon present to
General Long a massive silver loving cup as
a farewell gift. The presentation will be made
on the dock at 3 o'clock.- General LOns has
recently been promoted to a more . important
position In the quartermaster's department and
will hereafter be stationed at Washington, D
C. General Long organized the transport ser
vice at this port and has been in charge ever
since. . •
Loving Cup for General Long.
The Pacific Transportation Comoany asked
permission to run a pipe line over the Second
street car ferry slips. Their requeut was re
ferred to the chief ensineer. Attorney Budd
was reauented to Investigate a complaint reg
istered by S. ¦ W. Halladay, who complains that
the shed on Steuart street whalf partly cuts
off his property from the water front. The
board canceled the contract made with-Healey,
Tinbitts & Co. for the construction ofa^tem
porary addition to the transport wharf, and
agreed to pay the contractors I&200 as compen
sation for the cancellation. The contract price
was $1679. After letting the contract the
board decided to make the addition on a per
manent foundation, - and yesterday instructed
thft secretary to advertise for bids . on that
basis. The board ordered the payment of blllt
for work completed as follows: Charles C.
Horton, $1767 90; Healey, Tibbltts & Co*
$24(55 44.
Harbor Commission Meets.
Captain J. H. Bruce was yesterday awarded
the contract for buildisg a dredger for the
Harbor Commissioners. The cost will be $37,
400. This was the lowest of half a dozen bids.
The bid of the Dundon Bridge and Contracting
Company was the highest and called for nn
expenditure of $49,097. The Associated Oil
Company has an oil barge equipped with
twelve redwood tanks,- which It wants to keep
in commission. ' They offer to put iron jackets
on the tanks if the board will accept this as
compliance with - the - fuel oil regulations re
quiring steel or iron tanks. The matter was
referred to the chief engineer. Aulauf & Rob
inson of Aulauf, Or.,' want to supply the board
with nlles. and lumber. The engineer, was
ordered to investigate the offer and make a re
port on the quality of the material offered.
From Honolulu — Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Strong,
Mrs. T. D. Butterfleld, Miss O. Gregg. Miss F.
Ij. Sharp. Mrs. G. R. Carter, two children and
maid; Miss V. M. Sharp, George Lycurgufc,
Captain and Mrs. Lehners, Miss M. C. How
ard, Mr. and Mrs. C. Hedemann and two chil
dren, Mr. and Mrs. V. B. Alverson, Miss M.
Klnny, G. W. Frlnk and servant, J. H. How
ard, Mrs. E. W. Davies, Mrs. Newton, W. H.
Cole, ! Miss M. Thomas,, Mr. and Mrs. W. A.
Bryan, J. M. Bryan, Mi) and Mrs. Welssbein,
A. L. Morris, Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Fenton, ¦ T.
W. Paton, H. p. Barron, Captain AVhltney,
Mrs. V. Berka ami child, W. H. Davis, A. G.
Schmidt, Captain and Mrs. Klncaid, Professor
W. E. Sharp, Mr. and Mrs. H. Youngs. W.
Photenhauer, J. Bertram, D. Williams, C. L.
Myers, Mrs. T. Logan, Mr. Claget, J. Rosen
berg, H. T. Gilbert, A. Kiguchi, Dr. H. S.
Downing, D. H. Davis, Mrs. Hostrauser, Ml«s>
G. Brown. Mrs. Green, A. C. Melsner, Mrs.
Zangenberg, William Booth, C. A. Caswell,
Mrs. L. F. Preseott and. three children, Mr..
William Rice. Mrs. West. Mrs. G. B. Norris
and child, ,C. A. Loy, W. E. Kimball, W. F.
Jansen. B. H. L McCracken, Miss Mary Car
bone, B. Beatty, Mrs. Cumming and infant, T.
H. McNamara and Bon, Thomas Clare, F.
Kairi, R. H. Silva and son, W. Kapu. H. H.
Brand. J. Kennalal, J. H. Taylor. B. Wai
walole, Mrs. J. H. Taylor, F. Aldrich. J. Maky,
James Price, Max Nedlnck, Hans.B. Hanson,
R. Dlepen, Martin Kelly and Levi'W. Wise.
J. Lauer, C. J. Parr, B. Peyman, Mrs. M. Hirst
and two children, Mrs. A. Lamhert and two
children. Miss M. A. Mclntoeh F O Mar
chant, Mr. and Mrs. A. Hutchinson, Miso A.
S. Hutchinson, J. W. Wild, L. P. Chrlsteson.
Philip c. Hirst, Fred Meyer, Louis Zucker
man, William Bray. R. J, Woodhouse, Charles
Robinson, John C. Chadwick, E. Wardle, John
Harten, H. Svensson.
From Pago Pago — Mrs. E. T. Jayne and son,
G. O. Campbell, Mrs. Basil RIcketta, Thomas
MurRhy.
SECOND VESSEL OF THE WHALING FLEET TO GET AWAY FOR THE HAUNTS OF THE LEVIATHANS. THE
WILLIAM BAYLIES WAS FIRST TO SAIL FOR THE OCEAN HUNTING GROUNDS AND THE JEANETTE
AND KARLUK WILL. FOLLOW. \
The Whaling Fleet.
The last of the whalers will get to sea be
fore the end of this week. The William Bay
lies was the first to get away. The Andrew
Hicks sailed on Tuesday, the Jeanette yes
terday end the Karluk will leave to-day
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal
March 12, 1902.
The time ball was dropped one second before
noon to-day. W. H. STANDLEY,
-Lieutenant, V. S. N., in charge.
The fair wind prevailing outside the harb&r
yesterday brought many vessels to port. Be
tween daybreak and 5 p'clock last evening
over thirty craft of all sorts and sizes had
entered the Golden Gate. A score of the ar
rivals were sailing vessels. *
Many Arrivals.
Steamer Movements
Superintendent of Schools Webster
stated yesterday that he will submit the
report of his investigation into the
charges against M. E. Blanchard, princi
pal of the Hancock School, to the Board
of Education before the end of this week.
It is understood that the charges of se
verely beating a pupil and of unprofes
sional conduct in forcing Miss Emma
Perry to enter false records regarding the
same pupil will be sustained and that
Blanchard will have to stand trial before
the Board of Education.
Beport on Principal Blanchard.
GIBRALTAR— Passed March 12— Stmr Sco
tia, from Genoa and Naples, for New York
ST MICHAELS — Passed March 12 — Stmr
Hohenzollern, from Genoa, for New York
PORT SAID — Arrived March 12 — Stmr" Hy
son, from Clyde and Liverpool, for China,
Japan and Seattle.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 12— Stmr St
Pa:n, cr Southampton; stmr Prinzessen Vic
toria Luize, for Funehal, Genoa; stmr Majestic,
for Liverpool; stmr Vaderland. for Antwerp.
GLASGOW— Arrived March 11— Stmr A»
torla, for Xew York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to March 11—
Stmr Arab, from San Francisco, Hlogo, etc.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 12— Stmr
Philadelphia, from New York.
Sailed March 12— Stmr Kaiser "Wllhelm der
Grosse, from Bremen, for New York, via Cher
bours.
LONDON— Arrived March 12— Stmr Mesaba.
from New York. . • .
NAPLES — Arrived March 12 — Stmr Lahn.
from New York, for Genoa.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed March 12— Stmr Noord
land, for Philadelphia.
Arrived March 12— Stmr Oceanic, from Ne«
York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ST VINCENT — Arrived prior to March 11
Br fetmr Salfordia, from Tacoma.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed March 10— Fr
bark La Bruyere, hence Nov 11, for United
KineCLaml
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 10— Br Btmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver.
Sailed March 6— Br stmr Athenian, for Van
couver.
RUNCORN — Arrived March 10 — Br ship Cel
tic Chief, hence Oct 16.
HULL-=-Arrived March 11— Br ship Olive
bank, hence Oct 20.
TUTUILA— In port Feb 20— U S stmr Mohi
can, from Honolulu; schr Julia E Whalen, for
San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aos— Sailed Feb 2— Bktn
Mary Winkelman, for Kahului. Feb 3 Br
ship Corunna, for San Francisco. Feb 4 — Schr
Alumna, fer San Francisco; bark Louisiana,
for Honolulu. Feb 5 — Shi» St Francis, for San
Francisco. Ftb 6 — Bark Hadyn Brown, for
San Francisco. Feb 14— Bark Pactolus. for
Honolulu; Br ship Crompton-, for San Fran
cisco.
In riort Feb: 17 — Br shin . Albyn,, for San
Francisco; shin Emily Reed, for KeJlua: Ital
bark Mario, for Honolulu; ship Paratnita, for
Honolulu; bark Sea King, for Honolulu; ship
Servia-, : for .Honolulu: Br ship Sprlngburn for
San Francisco; schr Transit, for' Honolulu ; Br
ship Westgate, i for San Francisco.
SYI>NEY— In port Feb 17— Br bark Cardi
gan Castle, for Eureka^ ' schr Ariel, for Mahu
kona. via Newcastle; Br bark Cardigan C&3
tle.'for Eureka; bktn Oeorglana. for Honolulu;
ship Henry 'Failing, for Honolulu, via New
castle. Aus. . \
VICTORIA— Passed March 12. 11 a m— Br
stmr Victoria, from Ladysmith.'for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived March 12— Stmr Tees, from Alaska.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 11— Stmr Ori
zaba, for Colon.
EASTERN PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 3— Br ship
Ellen A Read, from Manila; Jap stmr Nippon
Maru, hence Feb 23. March 6 — Stmr Ventura^
from Australia.
Sailed . March 3— Brie Tanner, for Port
Townpend. March 4 — Jap stmr Nippon Maru,
for Yokohama.
HILO — Sailed Feb 'JO— Bark Santiago, for
San FrtnclFco: schr Mary Dcdge, -for Eureka.
Feb 25— Bark Martha Dnvls, for San Fran-
Cisco. Feb "S— Shin Falls of Clyde, for San
Fr*ncl3co.
In pert Feb 2S — Bark St Katherine, for, San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived March 12—
Stmr Luella, hence March 10.
Sailed March 12— Stmr Navarro, for San
Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived March 11
Stmr Alcatraz, from Greenwood; stmr Ruth,
from Redondo.
BEDONDO- Arrived March 12 — Stmr Des
patch, from Port Madison.
PORT TOWNKEND— Arrived March 12— Jap
stmr Tcta Maru, from Yokohama.
Sailed March 12— Schr F S Redfleld, from
San Pedro, for Tacoma. >
SEATTLE — Sailed March 12^-Stmr John S
Kimball, for San Francisco. " -, v
Arrived March 12 — Jap stmr Tosa. Maru.
from Yokohama. ,
Sailed March 12 — Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway.
Arrived March 12— Stmr Tatocah, from As
toria.
PORTLAND— Arrived March 12— Shlo Tor
resdale, from Cape Town.
Sailed March 12 — Bark Banklelsht, for
Oueenstown.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived March 12 — Stmr
Santa Barbara, from Santa Barbara; stmrs
Homer and Brunswick, from Eureka; schr
Espacla, from Eureka. .
Sailed March 12— Schr Joseph Russ, for Port
Gamble; bktn Gardiner City, for Taccma.
BANDON— Arrived March 12 — Schr Parkers
burg, hence Feb 13.
. Sailed March 12 — Stmr Mandalay and schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived March 12— Schr
North Bend, hence March 4.
ORAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 11— Schr
Esther Buhne, for San Pedro; schr San Buena
ventura, for Sun Francisco.
ISLAND PORT*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. March 12. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity IS miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Wednesday, March 12.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San
Diego.
Stmr Tyonic, Gillesole, Cooks Inlet.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, Seattle.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, Coos Bay.
Stmr Scotia, Walvisr, Bpwens Landing.
Whaling stmr Jeanette, Newth, whaling. ,
Whaling stmr Karluk, McGregor, whaling.
Ship Aberdeen. Hlgeins, Eureka.
Brig J D Spreckels, McNelll, Guam.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper, Stewarts
Point.
Schr Fortuna, Lethola, Eureka.
Br schr Vera. Copeland, sealing.
SAILED.
Monday, March 10.
Stmr Francis Cutting-, Johnson, Chignik.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hlggtns, 3 days from San
Pedrc. ! .
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 1-t hours from Men
docino.
Br stmr Adato. llclntyre, S3 days from Ma
nila, via Mororan 19 days.
Ship Oriental, Parker, 12 days from Comox.
ShiD Two Brothers. Wilson. 21 days from
Ladysmith. via Clallam 17 days.
Eark Prussia. Jensen, 10 "days from Port
Blakeley.
Bark Levl G Burgess, Ycunssrren, 10 days
from Tacoma.
Brig W G Irwin. Garthley, 17 days from
Roche Harbor, via Port Aneeles 11 days.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johns in, 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Pel Nor to. Jacobson, 54 hours from
ROE^e River.
8chr Glendale, Grenvold, 14 days from Ta
co.iia.
Schr Annie M Campbell, Larsen, 9^ days
from Port Ludlow.
Schr Volant, Halversen, 10 days from As
toria.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 6 hours from Bo
dega.
Suhr Jennie Griffin, Low, C hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr iettltia, Christenson, 9 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr A B Johnson, Segelthorst, 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Albert Meyer, Grunner, 10 days from
Willapa Harbor.
j Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 0 days from
Cocs Bay.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr John A, Nillson, 9 days from Portland.
Schr Sailor Boy, Nlelssn, 13 days from Ta
coma, via Flattery 0 days.
Schr H D Bendixsen. Olsen, 12 days from
Port Blakeley.
CLEARED. ..'.,
Wednesday, March 12.
Ger stmr Isis, Groot, Hamburg; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
"Whaling stmr Karluk, McGregor, whaling;
Roth. Blum St Co.
Nor stmr Tltania. Esenes, Xanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Br sfcin Lanedale, Hunter, Antwerp; G W
MoNcar.
Brie J D Spreckels, McNeil, Guam; West
ern Commercial Co.
The Grand Court of the Exalted Degree
of the Amaranth met in annual session
in Golden Gate Hall yesterday, with
Grand Royal Matron Mrs. Addie L. Bal
lou. Grand Royal Patron Florin L. Jones,
Grand Secretary Mrs. M. G. Dunn, and
all the other grand officers present. The
representatives from the four courts in
the State were admitted on the presenta
tion of credentials, after which the re
ports of the grand royal matron, \patron,
secretary and treasurer were read and
referred to the committee on distribution.
From their reports it appeared that this
order, which is composed of members of
the Eastern Star, and is comparatively
new in this State, has in the last year
been making good progress, and that the
foundation has been laid in several of
the interior cities for new courts, which
will be instituted within a short time.
Several resolutions calculated to ad
vance the order in this State were offered
and are to be acted upon at the session
to-day. This morning there will be held
the election for grand officers, when it is
expected that there will be quite a con
test, as the representatives from the
southern part of the State want the royal
matron and the royal patron.
There were present during the session
Supreme Royal Associate Patron A. *>!.
Bettis of New York, G. K. Williams, pas.t
royal patron, of Pasadena; Grand Mar
shals Fidelia Andrews and Cora Greeley.
a.. J. Lloyd, editor of the Freemason and
past royal- patron of Los Angeles, and
Past Grand Associate Patron Hughes.
*l, ev ening Court Crescent, of which
Airs. Barbara Sommers is royal matron
and George L. Darling royal patron, ex
emplified the ritualistic and floor work
by initiating thirteen candidates in the
presence of the Grand Court. This was
followed by a banquet to the Grand Court
and members of Crescent Court.
The Work of the Order Is
Exemplified by Local
Members.
Representatives Listen
to the Reports of
Officers.
GRAND COURT
OF AMARANTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 13, n 1902.
7
AMTISEJtEUTS,
COLUMBIANS
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY. '
THE SEASON'S TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS!
Augustus Thomas" Peerless American Play,
LAST PERFORMANCE SUNDAY.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
America's Great Emotional Actress,
BLANCHE WALSH
Firrt Six Nights and Saturday Mallne*.
The New Emotional Play by H. J. W Dam.
"LA MADELEINE."
Sunday Night and Special Matinee Thursday
"JANICE MEREDITH"
Beats Sale Begins This Morning.
Belasco & Thall. Mgrs.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
The Great New York Comedy Success
A COAT OF
MANY COLORS,
By the Author of "An American Citizen."
NEW SCEXERT— STRONG CAST.
MATIN'EE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES 15c, 25c. 35c, 60c, 75c.
Next— "ON AND OFF."
BEJhASCO **» THALESjfegQgr.
¦ A otfgst ctnfitAu
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Great Revival of Dickens' Immortal Story,
OLIVER
TWIST.
A Tremendous Cast — A Big Production.
PRICES— Evenings— 10c, 15c, 25c. S5c 50c.
Matinees — 10c. 15c. 25c.
NEXT MONDAY— JIMMY BRITT (the Cham-
pion Lightweight of the Coast) as the
Bowery Boy in "THE BOWERY
AFTER DARK."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
EVENTFUL VAUDEVILLIANS!
PAUL CIiraUEVALLI; TBOUBA-
D0ES TOULOUSIANS; 3 DANC-
ING DAWSONS; 6 BLACKBIRDS;
AND THE BIOGRAPH, SHOW-
ING PRINCE HENRY'S RECEP-
TION. I/AST TIMES OF THE
AUEES; EVA MUDGE; BELLY
CLIFFOED, AND THE TEN NEL-
SONS.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Feats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENINO THIS WEEK.
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE POPULAR
ACTOR.
GEORGE OBER
In George H. Broadhurst's Latest Comedy,
The House That Jack Built.
One of the Funniest Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c
Next Week-SIELBOURXE McDOWELL.
j
MATINEE SATURDAY. '
THE WHITE
Q I A \f J7 Bartley Caropbeil's
v -'*-'* K V i-r« Beautiful Play. j
Next Sunday •.*i E ht— HOWARD KYLE pre-
sents the Great American Play
"NATHAN HALE."
Ey Clyde Fitch.
Seats for Sunday night and all of next week
now selling.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THE ONLY FIRST-CLASS MUSICAL SHOW
IN THE OtTY.
Third Enormous Week of the Bostonlan'e
Oi*ra. .
— the: —
Serenade!!
SECURE 6EATS IN ADVANCE. j
POPUXAR PRICES... ~ 25c. 60c and 75c j
Telephone Bush 3. j
Fischers ThStre]
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell. Telephone
ONLY THIS WEEK AND THEN COMES
THE BEST OF THEM ALL. !
THE FRENCH IV3AIDJ
FILLS OUT THIS WEEK ONLY. ;
Sects Are Now on Sale for
-LITTLK CHRISTOPHER!" i
The Great, Funny Burlesque That Had a Two
Years' Run Sn London and About Three i
Years In the U. S. Everything New !
From Rise to the Fall of the Cur-
tain. A Whole Lot of Surprises. ;
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. !
Those Popular Price* — Nisht. 25c and 60c
Matinees, 25c everywhere. Children at Mati- !
neec 15c.
KATHARINE FISK,
THE FAMOUS CONTRALTO.
SECOND RECITAL
THIS AFTERNuOfl AT 3:15.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
To-Mpitow Nigtit. Saturday Afternoon.
Reserved Seats. 75c, fl and 11.60, at Sher-
man. Cla>»& Co.'s.
— I
Doiofip Desirable location, i
1 UlUvw unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
nrf/j vice .and modern ;
uilU conveniences are the
attributes that have j
lff*Ofi/| made these two ho- i
VllullU tels popular with ;
tourists and travel- i
riAi'DlC ers who visit San !
llUlWld Francisco. J
Weekly CalUSLOO per Year j '
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Is a. specific remedy for all ail-
ments of the stomach, liver and
bowels, and one that is backed by
hundreds of testimonials received
during the past fifty years. We
would therefore urge every suf-
ferer from indigestion, dyspep-
sia, flatulency, constipation,
sick headache ot» liver and
kidney troubles to gve it a
trial. It will sur/ly cure you.
The genuine must have our pri-
vate Stamp over the neck of the
bottle.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
T>ANDRTJFF CAUSED BY A GERM:.
A New Discovery Tliat Kills th-3
Germ and Prevents Baldness.
Pretty nearly all the hair preparations
for dandruff have some merit In allaving
Itching of the scalp and in being: a fairly
good dressing: for the hair; but there is
only one that recognizes what causes
dandruff, falling hair and baldness, and
that destroys the cause, a little germ—
and that is Newbro's Herpicide. This
{ germ eats Its way into the scalp, down to
I the hair root, where it saps that vitality
causing dandruff as it digs up the scalp
Into little white scales. Unless It Is de-
stroyed there's no permament stopping of
falling hair and cure of dandruff and
baldness. Newbro's Herpicide kills the
I germ. "Destroy the cause, you remove
teh effect. \
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS '
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOWJ SOOTHING SYRUP
has fcetn used for over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHEKS for their CHILDREN'
WHILE TEETHIXG, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
th« GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CUREg WIND
COLIC, and la the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists in every part of
th* world. Be sure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cent* a Bottle- '
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES~a^d~zoO
j Big VaudeviSle Show
! IO-RiGHT!
LAST AMATEUR NIGHT
And a FAT *ADJES' POTATO RACE.
ON SATURDAY AND SUNDAY ALL. CHIL-
' DREN WILL BE ADMITTED FREE OF
CHARGE. It being: the last two days at the
eld Chutes,' which close on Sunday night. ¦
' _Phone For Seats — Park 23.
Morris & Bowe's
Big Shows
Will Commence Their Annual Engagement In
Thia City
SATURDAY, MARCH 13.
Performances, 2 and 8 p. m Dally
5OO PERFORMING ANIMALS ... 5OO
EVERY ACT NEW THIS YEAR
ADMISSION— ADULTS. 25c; CHILDREN. 10c.
RACING
.^2''— ¦ ¦—¦^5^ Every Week Day—
Rsln or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
.« F o err^" boa^ leav «» s »« Francisco at 12 m. an<l
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Tialns leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
race. '
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr,
__^^ ' ¦ ADVEBTISEMEITTS. •
b » *l I^ 'U «*
copyhigmt ..00 ar th« nocTiit a uaiu co. cinciimati .
, PART AND PARCEL^
W/jjilttA DAD^TY box, an exquisite wrapper, a deli-
g|?gg/ cate color, and a clinging fragrance — yet all
llll^ these will not cleanse the skin! Has it ever
t?^^* occured to you tfiat you pay-»big prices for
these things ? Do you care to buy five articles or do
you require only one— a strictly pure soap. Remember
you pay for perfume whenever you buy it mixed
with soap.^ Don't you think it is wiser to make your
own selection of perfume and buy it separately? It is
certainly the method adopted by most persons of culti-
vated taste, those who bathe with pure Ivory Soap.
IVORY SOAP-99^ PER CETfr. PURE. ITHE COAST RECORD. '
• ¦ 3 J?5 Se 42 &Ml
STATIONS. § fifl I| I? :>|
V I 3 ! 5 ;= I r> : c
• c c • ** '. °
: ? ? : i :
Aftorla 30. Od 50 40 W Cloudy 48
Bcker 29. 8*5 46 30 SW Cloudy *O0
C&reoo ...30.04-M 23 W Cloudy "OO
Eureka" .30.24 52 40 NW Cloudy >•
TVesno 30.08 70 40 NW Pt Cldy 00
Flagstaff ....23.92 30 8 E Clear 00
Ida.30:O0 44 30 BE Cloudy 'oo
Iniependence .30.00 58 36 SE Clear 0"
Lcs Angeles.. 30. 02 76 4ti XV Clear 'no
T^eenix 23. »2 74 46 SW Clear "00
Prrtland .">0.OC 48 42 SW Cloudy 16
R*-<1 Bluff 30.06 66 46 S Clear <>0
E'seburg 30.16 66 3S NW Cloudy 0 1 '
Bfccramento ..30.08-64 44 S Cloudy 'oo
6f it Lake 30.04 50 30 S Clear 'oo
£an Francisco.30.12 60 46 SW Cloudy *00
6. L. Obispo.. 30.10 72 46 N Clear 00
6aa DIogo 20. OS «2 46 NW Clear 00
6«atUe 23.80 50 40 SW Pt Cldy V
Fi.okane 29.72 50 3* W Pt Cldy 04
Crescent 23.80 46 44 TV Rain 67
V alia Wa31a.23.SS 5(5 42 "W Cloudy T
*n innemucca..30.C2 48 26 SW Cloudy 06
Yuma 28.92 76 40 NW Clear !oo
Temjjeratur<p — 7 a. m.. 48 degrees.
•WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over California
and rapidly over the northwestern portion of
ttie country- A depression of some depth is
moving south west ward along the Kocky lloun
tr.ine. WhHe cloudy weather may prevail on
tlie coast it is likely that but little if any rain
t ill fall in California from this disturbance.
.Rain has fallen over Washington and Oregon
end high southerly winds are reported at some
of the northern stations.
Forecast made . at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 13. 1902:
Northern (California — Cloudy Thursday, with
liKht rain in extreme northern portion: fresh
ftouthweet wind.
' Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; light
Southern wind«. WSB*BBl
Nevada. — Cloudy, unsettled weather Tliurs-
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Cables ...... _ 4 «.,/?
New York Exchange, sight!.;!-:! — 05 '*¦
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 07%
Silver, , per ounce.... • 541?
Mexican Dollars, nominai*;;; '.'.'. — 451^
Exchange and Bullion.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins
The Orange, market was In good shape and all
kinds brought high prices, although the open
market was quiet, as usual on the day of the
auction." At the auction three cars were Bold
at the following prices: Fancy Navels* • $2®
2 60; choice do, $1 S0@2 20; Standards, $1 25@
1 85; Seedlings, $1 60; Fancy Grape Fruit sold
at $1 75@2 30 and choice brought $1 05@l CO in
half boxes'.
In the open , market Grape Fruit was scarce
and- higher and Lemons continued to meet with
ready sale at well sustained prices.
There was nothing new in Apples, and Ba
nanas were unchanged. ...
APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extra, $1 25®
175 for. good to choice and 60c@|l for ordi
nary. . ' ' . •¦,..'¦ ¦ ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50@l 90
for standard. $2@2 25 for choice and $2 50@2 75
for fancy; Extra Fancy, $3; Seedlings, $160©
1 75; Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and
$1 50@2 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c#$l, for
common and $1 25@1 75 for good. to choice and
$2@2 50 for facny; Grape Fruit, $2<i};3; Mexi
can- Limes, $B@7; Bananas, $2(32 75 per bunch
for. New Orleans and ?1 25@1 75 for Hawaiian-
Pineapples, $3©4 per dozen. . , '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Last 24 This Last
stations. Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.O2 31.16 40.13
Bed Bluff O.O0 ¦ 37 78 . "2 17
Sacramento 0.00 16.15 1718
San Francisco 0.00 16.52 18 7D
fresr>o : 0.00 5.83 10^8
Independence 0.00 4 04 5 61
Ean Luie Obispo 0.00 19.85 27.62
Los Angeles 0.00 9.37 14 10
San Diego q.qq 4<u 8(J6
£an Francisco data: Maximum temperature
59: minimum, 50; mean. 54. •
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Bpf-cn 50-3$ < Kansas City 5C-42
Clr-innati 72-CO; Omaha 58-40
Philadelphia 64-44 Chicago ....... . .66-3S
Washington 6S-4S Duluth ......60-30
Ja-keonviHe 72-60 St. Louis 6«-5S
New York 50-44 Ealt Lake City... 44-30
WILL BEGIN ACTIVE
COLLECTION OP FUNDS
Auxiliary Committee of McXinley
National Memorial Association
Appoints Collectors.
The auxiliary committee of the McKin
ley National Memorial Association held
a "meeting yesterday In the Mayor" 3
office. The sub-committee, consisting of
Rabbi Nieto, the Rev. Dr. Rader an<3
Maxwell McNutt, reported that the State
committee had been communicated with
and it had been agreed to leave the task
of collecting the funds which thi3 city is
expected to contribute in the hands of
the local committee. The expense how
ever, will be borne by the State com
mittee. The auxiliary committee then de
cided to begin the active collection of
funds.
Mayor Schmitz, who presided at the*
meeting, thereupon appointed AaaR. Wells
to supervise the collection of contribu
tions from the heads of municipal de
partments and their subordinates; the
Rev. Dr. Rader to Interview the news
paper proprietors with a view toward so
liciting subscriptions through the columns
of the press; George A. Moore, president
of the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance
Company, to collect from the banks and
the insurance companies, and Maxwell
McNutt, to wait on the Federal authori
ties for the same purpose.. It was decid
ed to make the subscription a popular one
and jto contribution, however small, will
be refused.
¦ ? ¦
Acquitted of manslaughter
The case of Thomas Grogan. charged
with manslaughter, was dismissed by
Judge Mogan yesterday. Grogan was ar
rested for causing the death of George.
Stevenson, a hostler. Grogan was em
ployed in\ Morton's stables on Geary
street, and Stevenson had lost his job
there. He blamed Grogan for it and they
had a fight in the stables. The same day-
Stevenson was taken to the City and
County Hospital with fractured ribs and
other injuries and said he had fallen from
a Mission-street car. He died In about
two weeks from the injuries and Grogan
wa3 arrested. The Judge held there wa3
no evidence against Grogan.
¦ • m •
Desires to Inspect Books.
. John Bell, secretary of the Pacific Coast
Marine Firemens" Union, was ordered yes
terdav to appear before Judge Seawell to
morrow and show cause why he should
not be comDelled to exhibit the books of
the union to John Gavin, a member, and
his attorney. Gavin alleges that Bell gave
him permission to examine the books per
sonally, but refused to allow him to have
hl3 attorney or an expert bookkeeper
P resent - ; ;
LONDON. March 12. — H. G. Emir.j & 'Co..
diamond merchants, have failed. Their UibU
ities are estimated at, £70,004
.LONDON, March 12.— Consols, 94 3-16; sil
ver. 25%d; French rentes, lOlf 374c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; No 1
standard California. 30s 3d; Walla Walla,
? Tvt-i5T55?T 1Ish c °untry markets,, firm.
.LIVERPOOL. March 12.— AVheat. easy; No.
1 standard California, 6s ,3%d@6s 4d; wheat
in Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet; Frenc'i
country markets, easy; weather in England.
COTTON— Uplands. 4%d. .
Foreign Markets.
PAN FRANCISCO, March 12. 1902—5 p. m.
" The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the eame date
last reason, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
UTOCK AND' BOND EXCHANGE.
. WEDNESDAY. March 12—2 p. ra.
< UNITED STATES BONDS.
'.;„"» Bid. Ask. , - Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..ll2Vill29i 4s qr c (new)13aui3»%.
4s qr reg lll%1119i 3a qr coup. .lOSftlCOVi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
'Ala A W Co. 764103 »Oc SS Co 5s.l01% —
Bay CPC 5s.lO7 — Ombus C Us. 131
Cal-st 5s 116% — iPac G Im 4s. 03U —
C Costa 5s.. — 111 Pk&C H 6s.lO7 • —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s.ll7 120
Fer&C H 6s.U6 — - Pwl-st R «s.H7
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. —
H C&S 54s. — — I S F &SJV5s. — _
Do 5a 904 — fiierra Calb's.1054110 '
L Ang R 5s.l21 121% C P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s. — — (1909) 113 — •
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 114 —
- Do gtd 5s. — 1064 p P of Cal 63
L A & P 5s.lO2 — (1905)Sr A.1C94 —
Do lem 53.102 — (19C5)Sr B.1104 —
Mkt-st C 6s. 1284 — (1906) 112J4U2%
Do lem 58.1194 — (1912) 122 122%
N R of C 63.1114 — SP of Cal 1st
Do 5s — — c gntd 5s. 120 —
N-Pac C 59.1084109 Do stmpd.11194 —
N Cal R 5s.ll2Ji — SP Br Cal6s.l404 —
Oak Gas 5s.ll5 — . S V Wat 6s.lll 1114
Oak Tm fis.122- — Do 4s..... 102% —
- Do 1st CO8.H14 — Do 4s 3dm.l01% —
Oak W G 5s.lO2% — Stkn Gas Ca.102 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 7RVi 79 Port Costa.. 634 66
Marln Co... 57 — Spring Val.. 92£ 9314
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 2U — Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% ¦* Sac E G&RC 25 31
Mutual . 4!4 " — ¦¦" S F G & E.. 454 45%
O G L & H. 564 — SFGLCo.SU _™
Pac G Imp.. 53% 40 Stktn G ,t E S —
I INSURANCE. . '.\.
Firem's Fnd.257 275 I
1 BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 88% — . L P & A 167 170
California . .422 — Mex Ex (llq). 18U -_
Cal Safe-Dp.ll7}411S S F Nationll374 —
First Natinl. — —
SAVINGS 'BANKS/'
German ...1975 . — ' Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.305 350
Mutual Sav. — 82 Union Trust. — "^00
S F Sav U..515 — " w
. STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 175 Market ..... 994100
Geary ..:...— 60 Presidio .... _ * ,2
POWDER.
Giant ..;... 701i 79% fV'lgortt __ 4
Hana 3 — Kllauea .... ou __
Hawaiian .. 374 40 Makawell . ->\t* ->«
ponokaa ... 11% 124 Onomea ..." VP * Zl v
Hutchinson . 13»A 13% Paauhau . T« l\*
MISCELLANEOUS. ' "
Alaska Pack.lH34 — 'pac "A Fa «v
Cal Fruit As. »7 . OS Pac C Borx'lC 1 ! ~
Cal Wine As. 997*100 Par Paint Js ~~
Oceanic S Co 374 --' . " la —
Morning Session.
Board .
¦ 6 Cal Wine Assn ....... 1M „' •
20 Contra Co»ta , .Water. ..'.'.';'.'.'.'.'. . $j $
cf Spring Valley Water at $91 874 @92 25.
The oil stocks were dull and featureless.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers sold at
$163 50. dividend off. Contra Costa Water
¦was weaker at $78 75@7S 50.
Alaska Packers was ex-divldend of. $1 or
$4S,000, yesterday. - ; v
The Home Oil Company will pay a dividend
of 7>4c or $7500, on the 20th lnst.
* — £
There were fair sales on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange, with easiness percept
ible in the sugar stocks. There were sales
A T ezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, i March 12. — The cotton market
closed firm, with ' prices net 5 to 11 points
higher. .
The 'market for evaporated apples shows a
«teady undertone and a light trade-. : The stock
of prime fruit at the moment is small and hold
ers' views strong. Prices remain unchanged.
State, common to good, 7%c;' prime,- 0@94c;
choice. 94@10c; fancy, 10%@llc. ' No im
portant changes . occurred in California : dried
fruits. For the larger . sizes of spot prunes
there is an active demand and price3 are firm.
Apricots and peaches are firm and , show fair
activity against Jobbers. Prunes — 3%@7c.
Apricots— Royal, 10@l4c; Moorpark, ll@124c
Peaches— Peeled, 14@15c; unpeeled, S@10c.' ,
DRIED FRUITS
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. "7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
closed easy and 10 .points lower; total sales,
49,500 bags, including May. $5 30; June, $5 35;
July, $5 45(35 50; September, $5 65; October,
$5 70(g5 76; December, $5 80@5 96; January,
$5 90; February, $5 95.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 2%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c:
refined was quiet.. ...
HIDES— Steady
.WHEAT — Receipts, 18,050 bushels; exports,
29,499 bushels; spot, dull;.- No. 2 ref,.S6%e f.
.o." b. afloat; No. 2 red, 86VsC elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 84%c f. o. b. ; .No.. 1 hard.
Manitoba, 87;&c f. o. b. afloat. Good, soaking
rains over the whole wheat belt and particu
larly through Texas and Oklahoma prompted
further liquidation and decline in wheat* to
day, followed by slight rallies in the after
noon on covering. The close was steady at
4c net decline. March closed at S24c; May,
SI l-ie@S2l4c, closed at 82V4c; July. 82@S24c.
closed at 824c; September, SlVs@81%c,. closed
at 814c. - 1
HOPS— Quiet; .
WOOL— Quiet. /
NEW YORK. March 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20.16S barrels; exports, 18,000 barrels; . quiet
again, but steadily held.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, March 12.— WHEAT— Quiet and
unchanged; bluestem, -66c; club, 65c.
PORTLAND, March 12.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, C5@654c; bluestem, 663664c; valley,
C5@C54c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
EGGS — Ranch, 15c for selected large and 14@
144c for good to choice; store, 13@134c per
dozen. - .-.
CHEESE — New, 104@llc; old, 10@llc;
Young America, 10@llc; Eastern, 13@15c per
pounds
BUTTER — Creamery. 26@264c per pound for
fancy, 25c for firsts and 224<&24c for seconds;
dairy. 20024c; store Butter, 17@19c per lb.
Receipts were 22,600 pounds 2 barrels of But
ter. 1778 cases of Eggs, 28,200 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese, pounds of Oregon Cheese
and — — pounds of. Eastern Cheese. .
Business in Butter is still of a hand-to-mouth
character, as buyers, expecting heavy supplies
shortly, are purchasing in a small way only,
to nil dally needs. Stocks, while not excessive,
are ample for all current requirements.
¦ Cheese is weak in all . positions. ¦ The Ex
change reduced its quotations to 10c for new
and 9@10c for old. Arrivals are in excess of
the demand. ¦
. Eggs are again developing strength. They
are being bought up In large lots in the country
for cold storage speculation, .and this demand
has hardened the market. In addition, the re
cent decline has greatly stimulated the con
sumptive demand by placing the goods within
the reach of everybody, as already mentioned.
The storing has cut down the supply In commis
sion merchants' hands to a manageable quanti
ty, and there is no longer extreme pressure to
sell. The Exchange yesterday advanced its
quotations lc, quoting ranch at 13@lio and
gathered at 13c. ¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
40 Hana Plantation Co 3 25
5 Oakland Gaa 5650
10 Oceanic SS Co 37 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 75
100 Spring Valley Water 02 00
5 Spring Valley Water 91 87 4,
50 Spring Valley Water, s 80 02 00
20 Spring Valley Water, s 90 92 25
$10C0 N P C R R 5s 1CS 50
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 12a 73
Street —
25 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.... 9 50
. ¦ Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Alaska Packers' Assn 163 5O
50 Contra Costa Water 78 75
10 Contra Costa Water, a 00 7S 50
5 Oakland Gas 57 CO
5 Oceanic -SS Co. 37 75
10 S F Gaa & Electric Co 45 25
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 45-37^
65 Spring Valley Water 92 25
$5000 Spring Valley 4s, 2d mtge 102 75
$5000 N P C R R 5s 10S 5O
$1000 S P of C 6s (1905. Ser A) 109 50
$0000 S P of C es (1005, Ser A) 109 62^4
Street— *
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 13 25
$5CC0 S P of Cal 1st con 5a. stamped.. Ill 50
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
150 Home 3 S3
ICO Home, a 90 3 85
1000 Lion 07
100 Monte Cristo 1 30
2CC0 Petroleum Center > 07
Afternoon Session.
Board —
ICO Four S3
700 Occidental o« W Va 20
10 Peerless 6 50
85 Reed Crude 35
50 Sterling l 13
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
500 Gould & Cury 10 100 Union Con . . 27
14C0 Mexican 30 200 Utah 07
5C0 Overman .... 10 100 Yellow Jacket IS
100 Silver Hill . . 33
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar 0J>| 300 Potosi tO
100 Gould & Cury 10; 300 Savage 0C
R0O Lady Wash.. 04; 100 Silver Hill... 5t>
200 Occidental ... 081
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & B«lchr 22 300 Savaga 07
200 Caledonia ... 42 600 Savaga OC
200 Caledonia ... 41 300 Sierra Nevada l;>
100 Con C & V.I 274 2C0 Sierra Nevada 14
200 Mexican 30 200 Silver Hill . . . 5U
200 Ophlr 100 200 Silver Hill ... 57
500 Overman 10 500 Union Con ... 20
500 Potosi 10 1 300 Yellow Jacket IS
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belchr 22 200 Overman .... 10
500 Cnollar 03 SCO Potosi : . 08
200 Con Cal & Va.1 30 300 Savage 06
200 Mexican 30 150 Sierra Nevada 11
200 Occidental ... 08 300 Sierra Nevada 13
200 Ophir 1 00
i CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. March 12 — i p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03) Justice 09 11
Alta 04 C6,Kentuck oi 02
Anaes 04 05 Lady Wash.. — 0-1
Belcher 05 Ob'|Mexican 29 31
Best & Belch 22 23 i Occidental ... OS 00
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 1 00 1 V5
Caledonia ... 41 42 Overman .... 09 10
Challenge Con 20 21 Potosi 10 11
Chollar OS 10 Savage OS 07
Confidence ... 63- 66 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 30 Seg Belcher.. 03 01
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nevada 13 15
Con New Yrk 01 02 Silver Hill ... 56 67
Crown Point.. 04 05 St. Louis .... 08 10
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate .... — 06
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con ... 26 27
Gould & Cury. 10 11 Utah 0» 07
Hale & Nor. . 2S 30 Yellow Jacket IT 13
Julia — 04
PORTLAND, March 12.— Clearings. $449,621;
balances, $69,214. .
TACOMA. March 12.— Clearings, $203,698;
balances, $52,350.
SEATTLE, March 12.— Clearings, $600,890;
balances, $79,686. ¦ • .
SPOKANE, March 12.— Clearings, $236,510;
balances, $23,190.
NortJiern Business.
WASHINGTON. March 12.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balance,' exclusive of the
$150,000,000 gold reserve, in the division of re
demption shows: Available cash' balance,
$173,155,943; gold. $93,709,425.
Condition of the Treasury.
Flour, qr sks... 11.023
Wheat, ctls ... 36,325
Barley, ctls ... 3.1'jS
Oats, ctls 1,815
Beans, sks ..... 3-tS
Potatoes, sks . . 1,72~
Onions, sks .... 10-1
Wool, eks '25
Shorts, sks 3G3
Rye, ctls 35,802
Middlings, sks . 748
Hay. tons 376
Straw, tons .... 30
Tallow, ctls 26»
{Sugar, ctls .... 6,690
Pelts, bdls 4,207
Hides, No 589
Leather, rolls... 03
Brandy, gals .. 5.550
Wine, gals .... 66,350
Chicory, bdls .. 25
Lime, bbla SS2
Quicksllvr.' flsks 19
FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12.
Receipts of Produce.
LONDON, March 12.— The second series of
this year's wool auction sales began here to
day. The number of bales offered was 10,610,
and consisted of representative selections. The
attendance was good and competition spirited
and general. The home traders were eager
buyers. A small supply of Cape of Good Hope
and Natal sold well . at a farthing advance.
Scoured8 were firm. ¦ •
London Wool- Sales.
NEW YORK." March 12. — Money on call was
firmer at 34@4 per cent: closing bid and asked,
3@4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 44@5
per cent. Sterling exchange, steady, with act
ual business in bankers' bill at $4 87@4 87%
for demand and at $4 85@4 85% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 SO and $4 SS4- Commercial
bills, $4 844@4 854. Bar silver, 544c. Mexican
dollars, 434c Government bonds, steady:
States, inactive; railroads, irregular. Silver
certificates — 5000 ounces sold at 51»%c, closing
at 55@55?ic.
New York MoYiey 'Market.
GAME — Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, ?1 50 fof
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese $39
3 50; White Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50@2
per dozen; Honkers, $3@4 60: English Snipe,
$3@3 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50® 2.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 33@14c for Gob
blers and 15fftl6c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 50<fl 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $5®
5 50 for old and $6 50@8 for young ; Hens, $4 50
@5 50; - . young Roosters. $6@7; old Roos
ters, $4 25@4 60; Fryers, $5@5 50: Broilers,
$4 50@5 for large and $3@4 for small;
Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and $2 lots
3 for Snuabs.
Hare were plentiful and lower, but other
Gam'e was unchanged. " Receipts were 48 sks.
One car of Eastern Poultry were placed on
the market yesterday, making the third for the
week. Local Poultry was in liberal supply
and young Chickens were 50c lower all around,
but the market cleaned up well at the appear
ing prices. '¦ ¦ ¦
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, March 12. — The Commercial
Advertiser's" London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was extremeiy. quiet.
The shock over the capture of General Me
thuen ' is already forgotten, . but the markets
are awaiting some fresh .lead. • In the-mean
time the tone is nrm. v s: American 'shares were
featureless till New Yorkffcla up Union Pacific,
St. Paul, Southern Pacific and Erie. In the
street stocks were v easier " with a dull finish,
save -Canadian Pacific,,.. which was firm on
New York orders, t. Rio Tlntos closed at 46%
after touching .46% and copper advanced
to £544 the ton. Gold to the amount of
£50,000 has gone out to South Africa,
London Market.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo. „- March 12. — CATTLE —
Receipts. 1200} steady. Natives. '$5@6 75; cows
and heifers, $1 75«?5 50; veals," $3@5 75; stock
ers and feeders, $2 5Q(@5 15.
HOGS— Receipts, 1 5900; market 5@10c higher
Light and light mixed, $5 90@6 32 4 ; medium
and heavy, $0 4C@6 55; pigs, $3 50@4"S5.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; strong. Western
lambs, $5 50@6 45; Western sheep, $4@5 75.
JOSEPH
CHICAGO, March 15.-T-CATTLE— Receipts,
15,500, including 2700 Texans; strong to 5c
higher. Good to prime steers, $6 60@7; poor to
medium, $4 25@t5 30; stockers and feeders, $2 50
@5 25; cows, $1 40@5 60; heifers, $2 50@5 «0;
canners, $1 40@2 30; bulls, $2 50@4 90; calves,
$3<atJ 40; Texas fed steers, $4 75@5 75.
HOGS— Receipts: 'To-day, 25,000; to-morrow,
24,000 estimated: left over. 5000; 5@10c higher;
closed weak. Mixed and butchers, $6@B 50;
good to choice heavy, $6 35@6 45; rough heavy
56 1006 30; light, $5 05@6 25: bulk of sales,
§6 10@6 40.
SHEEP — Receipts, 15,000; sheep and lambs
steady. ¦ Good to choice wethers, $1 50@5 25;
fair to choice mixed, $3 7. r >@4 40; Western
sheep and yearlings, $4 60(35 75: native lambs
$4@6 40; Western lambs, $5 25@6 50.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
"OthT unfavorable eymptoms are more fre
<jufnt decreases in railroad earnings, losses and
de)i\F caused by storms and symptoms of
frcth labor troubles; all of which will tend to
delay any possible big upward movement in
«nis. The crop Eltuation will also soon begin
to enter into calculations. Back of all tlrese
co:ssiileraticns general trade continues fairly
active and satisfactory- Confidence in the fu
tutft remains unshaken, though a more cautious
ftfling pervades all classes of business men,
ard operations which could be conducted with
sufety a year ago would not be attempted now.
This spirit of caution is Just now really the
strongest clement in the situation.
"It would cause no surprise if the market
we-» to display a tagging tendency for a
per c^. Very likely the big holders would pro
tect prices frcra any sharp breaks. Just as they
h*v» done fcr the last nine months: but a slow,
moderate reduction of values would probably
meet with little opposition. On the reasonable
4ar lines roo*-Btocks will do to buy for quick
turr.s. opportunities for trading seeming to be
fairly good."
purchases for control of various roads last
rpring not only were the banking resources of
this country utilized, but immense sums were
borrowed in Europe to carry through these
Ueals. Besides this large blocks of American
securities held on the other side were bought
v.-.th ihe same object in view. Now the time
has come when foreign loans must be repaid.
aj= Euroi>e needs the money to invest in home
enterprises and facilitate a recovery from pro
longed depression thete. The vastness of last
year's operations may be gauged by the fact
of the demands for the necessary funds having
be^n so great as to wipe out the enormous
commercial credit balance which had accumu
lated in our favor for several years previous."
It is natural that European investors should
now prefer buying their own properties at de
prt-ssexi prices rather than American securities
ut inflated prices. It is not therefore likely
thst Europe will give us much help in our
security market until the equalization process
bae exhausted itself. No A - ery material relief
can be expected in the money market until
cfter April 1. or until funds locked up in
these l£.rge syndicate and underwriting opera
tions are released. Some big lump sums have
been Ofd up it', the latter, whose release might
at any time cause a sudden and beneficial con
traction in loans. The money, market is thus
the second, if not the first, factor in the situa
tion that requires watching.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says :
"General conditions are unfavorable to free
buying of stocks just now. Bank reserves are
unusually low for this period, while loans are
et hifh-record mark. The money market
therefore is in no condition to stand any im
portant expansion in loans. Very soon the
stringency, Ubual about the let of April, will
be at hand. Gold exports continue and Europe
is likely to make further demands upon our
resources. During the tremendous contest in
Outlook for Stocks.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated .(100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.23c; Magnolia A. 3.S5c-
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D "
3.55c; barrels. 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels, or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
134c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 15c; in
cases, 214c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases.
204c; S6-Cegree Gasoline, in bulk. " £0c; in
cases. 2«4c.
TURPENTINE— 67e per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and Iron barrels.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay.° $5 50; Wallsend, $S 50;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland, $12
in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthracite. $14;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
tq» brand.
T>IL — California Castor Oil. Jn cases, No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
76c; raw, 74c; casesj 5c more; Lucol, 66c for
boiled and 64c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, S5c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 57Vi@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm pure,
t)5c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40® SOc per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 424c; cases 474c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, C34c for Ceylon and
584c for Australian.
BAGS — Grain Bags. June and July, 6c; San
Quentln. 6.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c.
General Merchandise.
The English markets were somewhat duller,
Glasgow closing at 53s lOd and Mlddlesboro at
47b. ¦ -
SPELTER— Was dull and unchanged at all
points. New York closed at $4 224@4 27% and
London ct £17 15s. . . . •
IRON— Was quiet, but generally steady here.
Pigiron prices were nominal; No. 1 foundry,
Northein,-.$1S5C@19 60; No. 2 do, $18@19; No.
1 foundry, Southern, $17 50618; do, soft, $17@
18.
COPPER— Was quiet and about steady, with
Lake unchanged at 12>4@12%C and electrolytic
unchanged at 12%@12%c, but casting was %c
lower at 12@12i,ic. London copper closed 10a
better with spot at £54 10s and futures at £54
7s I'd. . ¦
LEAD— Was unchanged here and abroad. The
local price waa 4%c and at London £11 8s 9d.
NEW YORK, March 12.— All of the metal
markets were hardening to-day. In this market
prices for tin were unchanged with a moderate
jobbing business at 264@26%c. London also
was unchanged, spot closing at £115 10s and
futures at £111 17s Cd.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Etock6— . . Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 8.900 754 74V4 74%
Atchleon pfd 1.100 96»i 90>i »6' 4
Bait & Ohio 2.400 104»s 104>* K«!a
Bait & Ohio pfd 94
Canadian Pacific .. 1,400" 113h, 112^ 113
Canada Southern hT'i
Ches & Ohio 1,600 45»; 45Vi 45?*
Chi & Alton 1,100 36U 35% 36k
Chi & Alton pfd.. 200 75*i 75>-j 75>/i
Chi Ind & Louis.. 1,200 63'* 03 63
Chi I & Louis pfd 7S
Chi & East 111 157
Chl & Gt West 20,600 25 24 1, 24%
Chi & G W A pfd 300 SS>4 SS *>8
Chi & G W B pfd 200 4«K 46 45
Chi & NW 800 227 »/i 225*4 226 'i
Clli R I & P 4,500 169% 167 Vi 168Vi
Chi Term & Trans 2,400 19Vi lS»i lh*i
Chi T & T pfd... 5,400 37>4 36 36
Chi C C & St L.. 100 100»s 100% 100
Colo Southern 15.100 2S% 27 27^i
Colo So 1st pfd... 4.500 73>4 72 73%
Colo So 2d pfd 8,700 4<?ii 45% 45%
Del &. Hudson 900 172 170>A 171
Del L & XV...: .... 279
Denver & R G 600 43 Vi 42 Vi 43
D & R G pfd 700 90*i 904 9«Vi
Erie 15.700 S6% 35% 36Vi
Erie 1st pfd 1,400 67% 67 67
Erie 2d pfd 2,000 54TJ, 53VJ 54
Gt Northern pfd... 200 183V4 183Vi-> 183
Hocking Valley 2.700 69% C8Vi 60
Hocking Val pfd.. 1,200 84Vi 83V> 84
111 Central 800 139% 133V4 139V4
Iowa Central .... 2,800 49*4 4S«i 49V8
Iowa Cent pfd 700 83 Va 83 83
Lake Erie & W... 100 67V4 67V4 67-
Lake Erie & W pfd 12U
Louis & Nash 1.100 103% 103>i 103VS
Manhattan L 10,000 12!>Vj 128 120V1
Met St Ry 1,300 1<>7% 166% 167V4
Mexican Cent .... 4,800 8OVs 29% 29%
Mexican Nat 7,200 20Vi 20 20V4
Minn Sf Et Louis.. 1,000 1104 110 110^
Missouri Pacific... 14,900 99V4 07»i 98%
Mo Kans & Tex ...* .... -»4>i
M K & T pfd 100 53Vi 5JVs 5.'{t 8
N J Central .\ 187
N Y Central 1.600 162% 162 162U
Norfolk & West... 1.100 56% 50% 56Vi
Nor & West pfd... 100 1>1 01 ' 90 V4
Ontario & Western 2,800 32% 32
Pennsylvania 18,200 151% 150% 151 it
Reading 55.300 55V4 52V4 54%
Reading 1st pfd... 8.500 8H4 80"*, S0'2
Reading 2d pfd,.. 3.760 «7V4 64% 6G-4
St Louis & S F... 400 604 00% 60
St L & S F 1st pfd 100 84 S4 K4
St L & S F 2d pfd 200 72 72 71i»i
St Louis S W 200 254 254 254
St Louis SW pfd . .. 561?
|t P»«» ••• »T300 164% 103% W,£
St Paul pfd lftO
Pacific 23,000 C4% 63% 64%
'So Railway 8.400 32% 32% ' :t2Vi
So Railway pfd... 2.000 95% 85 951T
Texas & Pacific... 400 30% 30^ .^ u .
T St L & W 500 224 224 °2
T St L & W pfd.. 400 40% 404 40
Union Pacific 11,300 P9% 1*84 08%
Union Pacific pfd.. 600 87% 86% 86*i
Wabash 1.100 23% 22% 23
Wabash pfd 500 42% 42' 4*>-
"Wheeling & L E. . .' 1,200 194 19 10*4
Wh&LE2dpfd.. 800 32 30 T>
WIs Central 44.300 24% 23% 23%
W Is Central pfd... 8,800 46% 45% 45Vi
Express Companies — . *
Adams .'. ......... ..... .... .... 202
American **" 025'
United States 100 112 U2 " 110
Wrtls Fargo 19ft
Miscellaneous— •
Amal Copper 119.300 PR% 64U 04U
AmCar&Fdry 1,100 .11 30% 3014
Am Car & F pfd... 100 88% 88% 88%
Am Linseed Oil.... 200 22V4 22 2^f
Am Linseed Oil pfd 300 - 55 55 551/
Am Locomotive .. 1,300 32% 31% 31 ii
Am Loco pfd 600 92% 924 92*1
Am Rmelt & Ref... SfW) 46% 4flH 46U
Am Smelt &• R pfd 200 9» 99 93
Anaconda Mng Co.. 1,200 32»i 31X4 .iiu.
Brooklyn Rap Tr... 1.J>00 64' (*£ ,3a?
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2.100 03% 9->U mu
Consolidated Gas... 10,200 222% •»ia 2*>1
Cont Tob pfd 7771/
General Electric .. 1,000 303 266" 302
Glucoee Sugar, t r "A
Hocking Coal 300 17 ifi% 104
Internatl Paper ... 800 20 lfia; o 0
lnternatl Pap pfd. 1,000 76% 764' 76V
Iternatl Power ... 500 88' 88 R74
Laclede Gas pfd -. . j,0
gSMSW:-! . 1 :!°° " 8 * V^ n%
Estate*: . 4 : 800 10 °" bh » a*
Pacific Mail J.000 4S4 47% 47Ti
Peoples Gas 8,700 101 y L 90% lOOtl
Pressed Steel Car.. 4O0 39C r,»\L anil
Pressed Steel C pfd 200 83- 83 - ™%
Pullman Pal Car.. 200 234 2Tt .«n
Republic Steel .... 5.400 IS»4 17 « lrai
Republic t-teel pfd. 2.400 74 73 t^v
Sugar 8,700 1274 120V4 I"6i6
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3.500 68*1 ; C7% 87T4
Union B & Pap Co. ...;. . * Viit
Union B& PC pfd "" ~%™
U S Lestht-r 600 11V4 iiii ill'
U S Leather pfd... 400 82U 82 fr>
U S Rubber 800 15'4 15 ir ,
US Rubber pfd Ti. * f.?,
II S Pte^V 27.400 42 V4 ii% 41K
U S rteci pfd..... 11.2W 90J 03% 93*1
Western Union ... 400 90*4 904 91>4
Shares sold ... 675^300
NEW YORK. March 12.— There was some
show of animation in to-day's stock market
on an upward range of prices. The strength
did not permeate the whole market, but there
were the usual number of prominent stocks con
cerned in the movement. The most conspicu
ous of these was Amalgamated Copper, in
which there was evidence of liquidation, with
only occasional intermissions, I during which
the fall received a momentary check. The ex
treme decline reached 4»g points. The selling
of the stock was accompanied by rumors that
the next dividend will be reduced or passed.
No authoritative information was to be had on
the subject, nor on the many reports that the
marketing of the company's surplus stock had
involved heavy losses. The weakness . of this
stock gave an occasional check to the advance
at other points, but did not materially affect
the stronger tendency of the market. Covering
by alarmed shorts seemed to play a part in the
advance, especially in the coalers, which have
been freely sold on rumors that the anthracite
miners were determined to push demands that
would not be granted.. To-day equally assured
predictions were heard that there would be no
labor troubles in the coal trade and that there
was no room ¦ for dissatisfaction. There was
no authoritative information on this subject
either. Another case where speculative senti
ment was reversed from that of yesterday was
on the outlook for the winter wheat crop, on
reports of copious rains in Texas and tMe
Southwest.' Buying to cover short contracts
was particularly effective in Missouri Pacific,
which also had the advantage of a decrease In
gross earnings fox* the first week of March. Th«
calmness of the money market was the final
factor of a general character on the strength
in the stock market. .The rate for money is
firm and nobody is found to predict an early
relaxation of rates, but feeling was - reassured
to-day that there was no immediate danger of 4
forcing a condition of stringency. It is sup
posed that the trust companies are putting out
loans at the higher rates and thus relieving
some of the pressure upon the banks. Special
strength was shown to-day by General Electric,
Westinghouse Electric, North American and
the Readings. There were gains of a point or
over for a large number of etocks, which were
modified by a late realizing movement. --
The bond market continues rather. Irregular
and moderately active. Total sales, par value,
f 2.340.CO0.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
New York Stock Market.
Receipts of Bay Vegetables were 77 bxs As
paragus, 26S bxs Rhubarb and 60 sks of Peas.
Asparagus continues to bring good prices,
and fancy stock was scarce and slightly high
er Rhubarb took quite a drop and there was
much poor stock offering. Peas from the Bay
sold well owing to the light receipts of Los
Angeles. Only 9 of the latter were received.
Los Angeles Tomatoes came to hand in poor
condition and were offering freely at low
prices Mexican Tomatoes sold well, but were
weak owing to the large supplies on hand.
There were no Mushrooms received.
POTATOES — ?l 10@l 30 for Burbanks from
the river; Oregon Burbanks. $1 35@1 70; Ore
gon Garnet Chiles. 51 35@1 50; River Red.!.
SI B0@l 60: Early Rose, for seed, $1 <5; ?mal_.
Burbanks, for seed, $1 20@?l 40; Sweets, $1 oo
for Merceds. : .
ONIONS— Oregons, $1 75@2 15, flrBt hands;
Australian, $303 25; Green Onions, 50@60c per
• °VEGETABLES— Asparagus. rxtra fancy
25o per lb; 15@20c for No. 1 and i@12%c for
No 72; Rhubarb. 4@8c; Green Peas. * r . om
Los Angeles, 5@7c: Bay *«" ?®8c; String
Beans, from Loa Angeles. 10@12%, including
Wax; Cabbage, 40c per ctl; Los Angeles Toma
toes 50c@$l per box and $1@1 25 per crate,
Mexican Tomatoes. 75c@$l 25 per box^for re
packed; Dried Peppers. 10@llc per ">:
Angeles do. 13017 %c: Dried Okra. 12%©-0c
per lb- CarrotsT 35@50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers. $1<3>1 50 per dozen: GarHc. U4@
2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers. 15@20c; Mex
ican do, 10@15c; Egg Plant from Los Ange ; es.
SOc; Summer Squash from Los Angeles, $1 25@
1 50; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $10; Mushrooms, nominal.
Onions were fairly active, but the top quo
tation was difficult to obtain for mo3t offer
ings. Fancy stock was scarce. The Austra
lian steamer brought 1135 crates from, the Col
onies.
The Potato market was strong and active for
choice Burb'anks, and some lots of strictly fan
cy Burbanks.from Oregon sold over the quota
tions. There 1b not much movement in Seed
Potatoes at present, as the soil is too wet for
planting and goods of this description are dull.
One car of Sweet Potatoes came in from Mer
ced, making the fourth car received since Mon
day, and the stock sold readily.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL. ¦
Wheat— . March. May. July.
Opening. .....6 1% 0 1^4 6%
Closing G 1% 61 ' 6%
PARIS.
Wheat— V March. May-Aug.
Opening 21 50 22 30
Closing .....2150 22 35
' Flour-
Opening 26 30 27 55
Closing ; ..26 35 27 60
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head, or 5%@6c per lb liveweight; yearlings,
4%(&5c ner lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6®
6&e; 200, lbs and over, 5%@5j s c; feeders, 5%c;
sows, 20 per cent off: boars, 30 per cent oft,
and stags. 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50 per
cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%®9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — *%@5W^c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4%Q5c; Ewes. 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight).
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%@S%c; small. 8%@9%c per
pound. ¦ '
MUTTON— Wethers. 9@9%e; Ewes, 830c per
pound.
LAMB — Yearlings. 10@llc per lb; Spring
Lamb. 14@15c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There la no further change to report. All
descriptions of dressed meats are In light sup
ply and firm, with Mutton and Lamb leading In
point of scarcity. Hogs may advance again In
a day or two, unless arrivals Increase.
San Francisco Meat Market.
day; possibly light rain in northern portion;
cooler; fresh southerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
'weather Thursday; fresh southwest winds; fog
In the morning. - • ¦ .-.¦-•¦
ALEXANDER G. McADIE. •
. . \ Forecast Official.
The Financial Review (annual), published by
th« New York Commercial and Financial
Chronicle, has been issued. It Is a volume of
Bcrr.e SCO pages, including a copy of the Janu
ary Issue of the Invcbtors" Supplement bound
up with it. It Is an invaluable book for ref
eience throughout the year.
Some cf its contents are as follows:
Bank clearings in 1901. with comparative
Statistics for twenty years. - ;
Record of transactions on the New \or*
S.nck Exchange in each of the past ten years.
Securities listed on the New York Stock Ex
cl f:npe in 1901.
r.lcnty rates by months for past seven years
en ail elates of loar.i.
Weekly bank statements in 1901.
< - rop ttatiElics for a series of years.
Iron and coal — Production for a seriee of
yi an?.
Oold and silver— Production for a series of
yars ana monthly range of price for silver in
three years.
Export* and imports for a series of years.
"^oniparative prices of merchandise.
Foreipn exchange — Daily prices in 1SD0. 1900
ai:d l{»01.
Back of Englsnd vreekly statements in 1001.
Coverr.mer.t bonds — Monthly range since
JFJO.
State bends— Record of prices since 1S60.
itcJlroad bonds an3 etocks— Monthly range
or prices for five years in New York, and for
(M year in Boston, Philadelphia, and Balti-
Ta> re.
Investors' Supplement — Description of rail
road and industrial securities, record of earn
ings, dividends, etc. - . .
Financial Review.
Blackeye Beans are scarce and still higher.
Large a'nd small whites are lower. Other de
scriptions remain unchanged, colored being
firm and whites weak.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 40@2 60; ! Small White,
$2 75©3; Large White. $2 40@2 75; Pea. $3 50
<&'4; Pink. $52® 2 20: Red, S2 25@2 50: Biack
e'ye. $4; LI mas, $4 40® 1 65; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 65@2 73; YU
low Mustard. $J 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 5C:
Canary, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10».i@llc; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 15»©
2V4o; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DP.IED PEAS — Nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
On the Produce Exchange to-day 'the butter
market was steady: creameries, 18®25c; dair
ies, lS@23c. Cheese, steady, 10%@12 1 /4c Egga,
steady; fresh, 15c.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ..;........ 46,000 32,000
Wheat, bushels .......... 81,000 34,000
Corn, bushels 153,000 i 42,000
Oats, bushels ' 173,000 , 102,000
Rye. bushels 3,000 ' 0.000
Barley, bushels 35,000 ,, 5,000
Local stocks and bonds still quiet.
Financial quotations uncliangcd.
Wheat and Barley futures higher. Wheat freights lonrr.
Oats and Corn very quiet. Large export movement in Rye.
Colored Beans rising and whites declining.
Bran lower. Middlings unchanged. Hay easy.
Butter dull and ueak. Cheese plentiful and lower.
Eggs rising again under an eager demand for cold storage.'
Dried Fruit houses agree tc close Saturday afternoons.
Provision* dull and unchanged.
All Meats firm and some of them scarce.
Orojigcs firm and selling ¦ well. Three cars sold at auction.
Poultry iti UberaUsupply and weak. ¦
Potatoes and Onions in good demand and steady.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con. for money. 94 1-10 M K &. T.. .. ... 24vi
Consols for acct94 3-l«i M K & T pfd... 56
Anaconda 6% IN ¦' Y Central. . . .M(i5i,4
Atchison 76»i I Nor & Western . . 57 y 3
Atchison pfd 98>A Nor & West pfd. 02
Bait & Ohio 107 " Ontario & West.. 33
Canadian Pac.,..115>4 Southern Ry .... 33^
Ches & Ohio..... 46% So Ry pfd 97^
Chi Gt West 25»i Southern Pac C5 : &
C M & St P......168 Union Pacific.... 101
D & R G 4:5% Union Pac pfd... S9Vi
D & R G pfd.... 93Vi IJ S Steel ... 43^,
Erie .IBTs U S Steel pfd..:. 96Vi
Erie 1st pfd..;.'. «8% Wabash ...'.....,. 23%
Erie 2nd pfd..... jf 55% Wabash pfd 43
111 Central 143 Spanish Fours . . . 76%
L & N';.."....';..100 1 ,i
Bar Silver, quiet, So^d per ounce. Money,
2*4@3 per c«nt.' .
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 1-10 per cent. •>'.¦
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills Is 2% per cent.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ¦
Money— , U S Steel ..'.:... '" 41% '
Call loans 3^@i Do pfd 0o%
Time loans ...4 @4Vi Westinghse com.. 02
;¦ Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 102 Adventure ... .'..22 .
Gas lEt3 84 Allouez | 4
Mexican Cen 4s... 81 Amalgamated .. 6-1 .
N B Oas & Coke. 5U Baltic 44%
Railroads — Blngham ... 2oi/j
Atchison . 74% Cal & Hecla ....600
Do pfd 96i 4 iCentennial ... c. lS^i
Boston & Albany. 264',-:, 1 Copper Range .;. 6S
Boston & Maine. 194% Dominion Coal ...10,3%
Boston Elevated.. 167' Isle Royale lSVi
N Y N H & H.. : .218% Mohawk ..: 34
Kitchburg i>fd ..147 Old Dominion ... 19!-i
Union Pacific ... 9S-% Osceola ..... Cl
Mexican Central.. 20-& Parrot ... . : 30>i
Miscellaneous — . Qulncy . . ; 135
American Sugar. .126 Santa Fe Copper. W/j
¦ Do ptd 116 Vi Tamarack ... ... 18(1
Arotr Tel & -Tel. 162'^ Trimountaln . /95
Dom I & Steel.. 42?i Trinity 133%
General Electric .302 • United States ... 17>£
Mars Electric ... 36' Utah ..22
Do pfd UC Victoria .... 5%
N E Gas. & Coke. A% Winona . . . " 1%
United Fruit 03 Wolverine ... ... 53
NEW 'iORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 50 Little Chief ... II
Alice ... 45 Ontario ... 7 75
Breece ... 50 Ophlr 95
Brunswick Con 06 Phoenix ... 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl ... 08
Con Cal & Va. . . . 1 25 Savage ... 05
Deaclwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada .... 12
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver 72 Standard "..3 33
Leadville Con 05 -
NEW YORK BONDS
L* S ref 2s reg ...10!) L & N unlf 4s...lO2V4
U S ref 2s coud..10!HJ Mexican Cen 4&.. 87%
U S 3s res: 10l»V4 Do 1st inc .... Zl%
US 3s coud ...¦.109U'MJnn v &-S"L 4s. .103^
U S new 4s rcg.UOVi M K & Texas 4s. 90*1
U S new 4s coup.l."«)% Do 2ds '. . . 82Va
US old 4s res...lll^ N Y Central iBts.KMJi
U S old 4s coup.. 112^,, Do gen Slis ...308
U S 5s rez :10(J>VN J Cen gen 5s..l.'JSU
U S 5 S coup - .. ..lOC^i Northern Pac 4s. 105%
Atchison gen 4s. .105 1- Do 0b 74',|
Do adjust 4s... 93%'Norf & W con 4s. 103%
Bait. & Ohio 4b... 104 iReading gen 4s... 90M
Do 3i£s . .'. 90 St L & I M en 5s.118Vj
Do conv 4 S ...105>A St L & S F 4s... 07M,
Canada South 2ds.lO7> 4 St L S W l£ts...':»8
Central of Ga 5s.lloi> Do 2ds .... 70Vi
Do 1st inc 7S^ San A & A P is. UlVt
Ches & Ohio 4>As.lOS - Southern Pac 4s. 94%
Chi & Alton a»«s. 84% Southern Ry 5s..l2CVi
C B & Q new 4s. 95'j, Texas* Pac lats.120%
C M&St P sen 4s.ll2ii Tol St L &-W 4s. Sl\i
C & N W con 7s. 137^* Union Pacific 4s..lOD«i
C R I & P 4s lll'.i Do conv 4 a lOJvi
C C C&St L gn 4s.lO4 Wabash lsts ... .113
Chi Term 4s 80 Do 2ds .... 111 .
Colo South 4s>. . . 95 Do deb B .... 73
Denver & R G 4s. 103 West Shore 4s. . .113
Erie prior lien. 4s. 909s W & L Erie 4s.. 91%
Do gen 4s 87H Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90%
Ft W & D C l£ts. 113% Con Tob 4s C5Vi
Hocking Val 4^8.108%
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Another decline in Bran is noted. Middlings
and Rolled Barley are unchanged. Hay con
tinues easy at former prices. '
BRAN— $15 5O@1C per. ton.
MIDDLINGS— 519@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28: Jobbing
$2S 50®29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal
$31@32: Cracked Corn, $31 00@32 50; Mixed
Feed, $16@17 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY— Wheat, $10® 12 50; Wheat and Oat, $9
©12; > Oat, $S@11: Alfalfa, $S@11; Clover, $7®
0; Volunteer, $6 5009; Stock. $6@8 50 per ton.
! STRAW — 10@C5c per bale.
H'ay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California Family -Extras, $3 50®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, f 2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers. $3a
3 50. ...•••. *
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to - the trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50;'Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25
extra cream do, $4: Oat Groats, $5; Hominy
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, ?4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, "$3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@S 35
in sacks, $H50@8: Pearl Barley, 55; Split Peas
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. V
Flour and Millstuifs.
Cash auotatlons were ¦ as follows: Flour,
easy; No. j S spring- wheat, 73%c: No. 2 red,
S'J'/mSSMc; No. -' 1! oats, 44%@45i,Sc; No.:; 2
white, 4C@40%c; No. 3 white. 45 %@4t5c; No. 2
rye,' 58c: fair to choice malting barley, CO@04c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 OS* No. 1 Northwestern.
?1 '<2; wrime timothy seed. $0 56: mess pork,
per bbl, $15 30@15 35; laid, per 100 lbs, J9 35
©0 ;t7ii; short ribs sides (loosO. $S 30@S 50:
dry. salted shoulders (boxed), 7 %@7 lie; short
clear sides . (boxed), $8 60@S 70.
Articles — " o"rTeh Hick- Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 "
May .......;;. f ¦ - 7^14 - ¦ 76S^ ~, 75ft 76 Ja
July ........... 7tji£ 77»,-a . 7UV 4 «6Ts
September........ 7G-. : 76^ 75?i 7C»s
Corn . No. 2
May Civs " 62>*j ; 61% . C2^
July ..'......... tils-V 62% 61 ?« V62
September 60 ¦ 60ii 50% 60 U
Oats No. 2 — ' •
May,...:....... 4.;^ . 46% « 4-*»4 45
July ......;.... 35%. 3 « ? .35% 36
September;.....- 3014 ' 30V 4 20^
Mess Pork, per bbl~- ' , ,\
M^y. 15 .T7J/, 15 47^ 15 35 15 45 ,
July 15 57i/ 2 15 60 15 55 15 00
Lard, per 100 lbs— „ ¦ '' ,
May- ....0 42% » 45 » .40, 0 42Vj
Jiilyi.... ...9 55 d 55 9 52^ 9 55
September. 9 05 9 67% 9 65 9 61b
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May . . I ... . .'.. . 8 40 % 42Vi § 40 8 42^
July...... . 8 52'A 8 55 8 50 8 55
September S (>Z< 8 67»4 8 62>i 8 C5
HIDES AND SKIXS — Culls and brands sell
about l&c under uuotallons. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium, lH$c; light, 8^c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and S'/ic for light; Stags,
<Hic; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf. lC'c; Dry Hides, ltic; Culla, 14c. Dry
Kip, 14@15c. Dry Calf, ISc: Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, l5@30c each; short
¦\Vocl. .tOCt-'tiOc each; medium, 60@75c; long
"Wool, S0c@Sl 10 each; Horse Hidea, salt, $2 73
©:s for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium. 91 75
@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1
@1 25 tor small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins
— Summer or red skins, 35c: fall or medium
skliis, "30c: winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: large and smooth.
60c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No. 2,
4V = '55c: grease. 3@3VSc.
WOOL — Nominal; market practically bare.
HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12}i®14c P« lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 159
17 %o for shipment.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Chicago was rather higher on the day and
the market was well bought up for local ac
count.
There was nothing new here, trade being still
very quiet. ' '•". \
CUKED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12 Vic for light medium, 15>ic for light.
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12?i@13c; Califor
nia Hams, ll»i©12^c: Mesa Beef. $9 5O@10
per barrel; extra Mess, S10 50@ll; Family,
$11 f>0@12; prime Mess Pork, $15: extra clear.
$22 50&'23; Mess, $1S 50019; Smoked Beef.
13!i@14c per lb. „ ¦ ' ¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at »%c per lb for
compound and 10»4@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure, HVic; 10-lb tins, ll^ic; 5-lb tins. ll?»c;
a-lb tins, ll%c. . •
- COTTOLEM Kr— One half-barrel, 9Tic; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tireces.
UVsc; rive tierces. 9%c per lb.
Provisions,
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 5©
6c; light amber extracted. 4®5c: dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27l£&2!te per lb.
THE SAN, FRANCISCO THURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1902
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
8
CHICAGO, March 12.— Bears started to sell
wheat liberally at the 'opening on the rain're
ports. The Southwest, which has been reported
as suffering badly , -for moisture, seemed: to
have received a good, | drenching rain.- At any
rate the bear argument was strong and as de
pressing as traders expect any news to be : for
snme time. In the speculative mind the danger
from damaged crops'. Is' past. < This ' started
May wheat %@%c: to 1 / i®'%e " down at.' 7«Vic
to 76c and Influenced a further dip to. tTTvic; 1
News apart from that of the passing of the
drouth was given Unit- attention. Cables were
slightly- lower, but receipts were small -and
the coarse grains seemed to have an abundance
of latent strength. . Trade was only moderate,"
but it. was nearly all on the selling: side until
covering set In. : Two days . ago wheat ¦> was
selling at 78V4c for May. At the low. price to
day short sales made at the high figure made
gcod prpfits and the crowd soon , saw I that : the
market waa oversold, i On .. top :, of this came
news of a disposition toward- better : business
at . the seaboard. . May sold' up sharply . to
7ti*'iC and cloeed • almost ¦ firm, , a shade lower,
at 76%c. • . '-, '..".'• . ,, ¦ -• ¦
Corn opened a little ' easier on Wheat easi
ness and bears . did some short ; selling. ; Tlie
rairi and late wheat .weakness caused a rally.
May closed firm, %<B'V4c -higher;,-, at (i2»«®
¦62^C. ' ; ¦¦:'. •.-¦¦ y: : \ ••'>¦. ,
Oats - were fairly active . and ; nervous ; early,
but ' trade turned dull and " developed into a
scalping affair. ,-: May closed strong, %c up.
at.4o%c. >. - ¦ • . '¦
Provisions 'were dull, but ruled firm with
coarse grains. -and' higher prices for hogs.
May poik closed 10c up lard and ribs each
2'/4c higher. -,.-"• ¦ . /
The leading. futures raneed as follows: ¦
•-• WHEAT— The foreign markets were weak,
with . lower futures. " . - .
The rains were the feature of the Eastern
markets yesterday. They were heavy and gen-
Kan™ 1 , 1 «nH r i h t Wl , nter wheat belt, except in
Kansas and Nebraska, where they . were only
partial. Some parts , of . Kansas reported a
w£~- £ "\* Ut the mtMt territory,
ii e fVi, e dama se is the heaviest, got none at
r-hi,.oJ; . k » ra .? s caused a weak, opening at
Chicago. ¦ but the selling was Boon exhausted
ana tne market turned , upward again on an
Increasing demand for export, i0 loads being
* ™. at New . Yoik and 4;i at Chicago. Stocks
at Minneapolis were expected to show a de
cr tS?? or the ueek of. 1,000,000 bushels
This market was firm, both on and off call.
Ing. ?1 13«4<g4 15 per ctl. ; . ;
CALL BOARD' SALES
ctiV'iriSV'ISo'T 1^' 15 a?'****-*** 2o?o.
ji%s?ioo?w «s: : i>eccmber - 4oo ° cti9 
41 Reg Ji la X r . Mornln S Sesison— December— 2000
ctls, 9l 09-jij. • : . , \^
ii J &fF no S&X Ses3i0 "— December— 2000 ' ctls
1 '^ 001 *1 09%; May-4000. $1 12%"
¦_ BARLEY— The market continued weak, and
the f few sales reported were generally on the
b , asls ?5 O3y 1° R for tn e best 'feed, though 300
sks sold . at 95c. I This . was an extreme sale"
however.,. Futures were- stronger and sold at
an advance in spite of the - weakness In the
spot grain. . .<¦ ' •
Feed, 03%@95c for No., 1 and- 90@92Uc for
off grades: brewing and shipping grades, 06Uc
@|1;, Chevalier. 95c@$li20 per ctl. . •¦;¦¦%. *; ;, , ,.
¦ •.•*.- ', ¦ -CALL BOARD. SALES. .
s. Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
- Second Session — No sales ;.. • • ¦¦
' Regular Morning . Session— May— 4C00 ctls.
?1%c: a 6000 01%c; 2000.- 92c; Decembor-2000 •
79c; 10,000, 7l)tfc; 2000, 79%c. - .
'Afternoon . Session— December— 2000 ctls
lOViC.' ¦ •' '¦¦¦¦¦, - . •-./ - ¦• " -;•¦, -_. ... "¦ :-'. , . ."
OATS— Continue! dull- and unchanged, with
ample offerings.. ¦ -¦¦•...
urays, ; ?1 30@l 40; : whites, ' $1 30@l 45; ' Sur-
prise, $1 40@l 45; black/ $1 12%@1 22% for feed
and $122%@132% for seed; red, $1 30@l 42Vi
l>er ctl. v .. ' .. • ....
CORN — There Is nothing new In this market.
. Large Yellow fl 35@1 45: small, round' do; !
$1 35® 1 50; white, $1 35@1 40 per ctl.'.
RYE — 92i£(gO7%c per ctl. The ship Lang
dale has on board 35.S02 ctli for Europe, and
another half cargo is loading at Port Costa.
This : foreign shipment, is rapidly. < depleting
stocks and renders the market very firm.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl. .
The local dried fruit houses have signed an
agreement to close. their stores every Saturday,
from April 12 to July 4 Inclusive, as that is the
dull season In business and there Is very little
stock here to work on the balance of this crop
year at best. Otherwise there Is nothing new
In this line. ... ¦.-¦'-.•> ¦ . . . :
- FRUITS— Apricots. 0©ltf^c for: Royals and
10©13c ', for - standard to, fancy Moorparks-
Evaporated Apples, 8@0c; sun dried, Oc;
Peaches, 6V4@SVic; Pears, 0@0c; Plums, pitted
5&5&C: unpltted,lW@2%c; Nectarines. 5i£@Bc
for red and5%©0'c for white; Figs,/ So for
black and 5@5Hc for white. -
¦.¦ PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows
30-40'S,-0@Ci£c; 40-50's. 4%@5%c: 50-60' s 4K
@>4%c: C0-70's, 3%(g4%c; 70-80's, 3V<g!3Sic: 80-
WJ-s, 2%@3%c: 90-100- s. 2%®2%c per :1b. ,
RAISINS— Seeded; 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown.' W,
©7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6V4c for 4-crown and
£>Vic for seedless; 3-crown, Gc; 2-crown, .5s«c-
Seedless Sultanas, h%c for unbleached and'"®
SU.c for bleached. 'Clusters— Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; .London Layers,
$125@1 35. <¦¦ - •
. NUTS— Chestnuts. ll®12c: "Walnuts. No. i
softshell. 9V4=: No.>2, S@S',4c; No. 1 hardshell,
tic; 'No. 2, 7c: Almonds, \ 10Vs@12c for paper
shell, '.tSlOc for sof tshell and : C<3"c for i hard
shell; Peanuts, 5{«7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12K>c; Filberts. 12@12%c; 'Pecans,: ll@13c;
Cocoanuts,: $350©5. ¦ • .,.
HONET — Comb, ll%®13c for bright and 10®
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION !__AUCTION f
Stock of the Flores
Hale and Company.
By order of MRS. ANAIS HALE ad^f
tratrix of the estate of JOStPH P. i?,^^-
deceased we will sell at auction on i rida;-.
March ii. 1902. at 12:15 p. m., at room p.
Chronicle building, fifty-nine thousand nliu
hundred and ninety (5D.99O) shares of the cap-
ital stock of the Flores Hale & Company. The
property of the Flores Hate & Comrany con-
sists of four million (4.000,000) acres of lana
in Lower California. . • . ' * 2 ,,
Terms of sale: Ten per cent on the fail
of the hammer, the balance on confirmation
of the sale by the Superior Court of the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, and delivery of a bill of sale.
McGLYNN & MENTON.
. Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
Chronicle Building.
AUCTION SALE
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE. "-
25 head of trctters and pacers: as good as ever
offered at public auction, and must be sold
without reserve at the Mascot Stable. 11C6 and
110S Golden Gate ave. Pedigrees and descrip-
tion given day of sale, FRIDAY. March 14th.
at 10 a. ra.
fe* 15O ISO 15O £&
ARRIVED!
Third Consignment of D. MILLER H0R3E3.
"Weight from 1130 to 1500.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST.
JUST ARRIVED, carload of the FINEST
WORK. CARRIAGE and DRIVING HORSES
ever brought to this market, weights from.
1150 to 1500. all sound and broken. SANTA
CLARA MILK CO.. 721-72.1 Howard street.CONSTANTINOPLE. ' March 12.-Tha
Russian Embassy here Is making , fre
quent remonstrances and urging 1 . the
Porta to restore order In Macedonia by
abandoning its Indulgence to tha Xi»
banian Mohammedans and th«ir merciless
austerity toChrUtiHns. . .
Russia Scolds the Sultan.
Licensed to IjTarry.
OAKLAND, March 12.-Llconso3 to
marry were Issued to-day* to George w.
Geary, aged 25, and Emma Sawyer, 24.
both of Oakland; Otto H. Hlby, 25. and
Mabel B.-Btroua*. 18, both of San Fran
cisco; Philip P. Magulre. 24, and Ellaa
beth C. Harris, 23, both of San Francisco-
Theodore P. Bahr, 24; and Marian C.
Shannon.- both of flan Francisco.
SAN RAFAEL. March 12.-The Board
of Supervisors of Marin County, together
with the towns of TIburon and Belvedere,
will construct a modern bridge' in place
of tha old '. one -nov/ connecting the two
seaside towns.
New. Tiburon-Belvedere Bridge.
The residents and property owners of
Sunnyslde and Castro-street Addition pe
titioned that the school site now proposed
for the locality bo . located at or near
Joost and' San Jose avenues. : -
Fred Bauer of 3903 Twenty-fourth street
entered a .formal-- protest against the
method employed in the eCTiools of this
city to teach the girls in tho advanced
grades of the grammar schools tho art of.
cooking. Bauer objecta to the study being
compulsory,*, and claims It should be op
tional^ if.lt muat be taught: at all. . •
Leaves. of absence were granted to R.
Thayerand Miss Esther Livingston.
Bids for: the lease of the school prop
erty on Post Btreet, . between Grant ava
nu£ and Stockton street, for a period of
twenty years were opened and. taken un
der advisement. The bids ranged from
$407 to $836 per month.
The- resignation of Dr. Max Magnus,
physical director- of the School Depart
ment, which has been Impending for six
weeks, was accepted by, the Board of Ed
ucation yesterday. Magnus, in his letter
of resignation, refera to the board's re
fusal to accept his terms to devote all his
time to his duties for J600Q per year or
two hours dally for $2000 per year.
< Magnus states that "the remarks which
supplemented a communication from the
board that it was expected of him to give
his entire time during school hours ap
pear, In view of his offers and the board's
decision, too preposterous to be meant as
anything else but a gentle hint to va
cate." -
The trial of Miss. Mary MpKlnney on
charges preferred by Principal Lyser.of
the JohnSwett School was set for next
Monday . at 10 a. m. Director Dcnman
said the trial should be held in Justice to
the accused teacher, against whom a
charge of insanity is alleged to have been
made, although the charge is not con
tained in Lyser's original affidavit. .
Mons. Alphonsa Bousquet ha» dis
charged a pompom In the French Hos
pital and if his resolution passes
the gentle , nurses will have to
lay aside their dainty caps and snow
white aprons and allow the sisters of reli
gious orders to take their places at - the
bedside of the patients.
Alphonse took care to submit his reso
lution, drawn to bring about such a
change, in cold, bold writing and at such
a time when 3200 miles were between him
self and the directors of the French Ben
evolent Socity, for it is said that Alphonse
is at present in Paris.
Mons. Alexander Mlqueu, the superin
tendent of the hospital, was seen last
nignt and iho stood sponsor for his staff of
nurses, lie failed to pee. ho said, why
there should be any change., since the
nurses were attentive to their duties.
There never was such harmony in the in
stitution as at present. Each and every
nurse, he declared, was as demure as any
one of "three little maids from school"
of Gllbertian origin. Ho expressed his be
lief that the resolution submitted by his
friend, Alphonse Bousquet, will be smoth
ered by an avalanche of negative votes.
J. M. Dupais, the president of tho French.
Benevolent Society, was seen at a meet
ing of his confreres and proclaimed him
self confident that Mons. Alphonse Bous
quet'R resolution will fall through and
that the position of the present staff is se
cure from any assault that tho ex-super
intendent may contemplate.
PRAISES FRENCH
HOSPITAL STAFF
At the conclusion of the ceremony Mrs.
Morse, Miss Mor«e. Minn MoKlnley nnd
Lieutenant McKinley shook the Rev. Dr.
Leavltt warmly by the hand and thanked
him for the address and prayer. They
then turned to tho Mayor and expressed
their appreciation at the part he had.
taken In the impressive ceremony— tha
planting of the precious elm. Mrs. Bald-
McKlnley Family Gives Thanks.
Dr. Leavltt offered a prayer and Mnyor
Bchmtta delivered an eulogy on the
martyred ITenlrlent. BprnktnK of tho n.r
rlvul of th« tree, Mnyor Bohmltis nald It
wn» a stratiKnr from Canton, tho home
of t Im lato I'resldent, und ulthoush t\
Mtmngfr more euro would bo tnkon of It
than If thin *wer« Us native soil. It ha<J
ntirnw some thousandn of miles to bo
planted to tho memory of a beloved Presi
dent. Th« naturul life of tho elm. ho
nnld. was 700 years, but lonjr after that
tlm^ when the tr««« shall have died and
decayed and xmtoad away the memory of
President McKlnloy will «tlll live ln-th«
heart of tho American people and school
children.
DR. MIX MAGNUS
RESIGNS PLACE
Dr. Levitt then Mpoko of how Pr<?Ml
dont MoKlnley rnmulned at th« sick bed
tif'nln wife, dfirllnlniar to uttnnd tho ban
quet given In hlu honor, yet when ho
learned that the children of the city would
Im dlHappolntod chuuld they not nvo him,
he loft the Hklo of hln Mtrlckcn wife that
th« -wish of those children Bhoulii be
irrntlrifld. In dedicating tho elm trou
brought from the home of- the departed.
he asked' the blessing of Almighty God
that Its growth may be -sturdy nnd that
it live long.
The elm was handed to John McLaren,
who tenderly placed It In position nnd
then the oarth wan filled In around the
roots by Mayor Schmitz nnd little Bald
win McQaw, the Infant grandchild of
Mrs. Baldwin. j
Gratifies Children's Wish.
cnt of Pa,rkH, und the ceremony begun
with «n nddrtBn by tho Rov. Dr. Hrncl
ford l^avltt. who rent lied the lncld«nti
of I he memorable vlult of Prp«ld*nt Mc-
Klnlry to thin city In .\l«y luxt: his de
votion tn htn wire nud hln affection for tho
school children.
PKOPLK WHO TOOK A TROMINKNT PART IN T«K EXKUCrfiKB IN UNION SQUARE. AT WHICH AN ELM
TnEK nilOUOUT FROM CANTON TO PKRPKTITATK IN" THIfl CITY THE MEMORY OF THE LATE PRESX
DKNT WILLIAM MeKINLEY WAS PLANTED.
win wan ni<.» tho recipient of thank* from
the membcrii of thn .M.-Kiiii.\v fnmlly.
Amonff tho^n who took part In tho cere
mony wt-re:
Mayor h. limit/:, t.i-iu-n.itit .i,miM i\ MrKln
l«v. Mini* (Irara MrUlnl«y. Mra. U«nr«« m.t..-.
Mftrg-ry Mflnw, lUv. UraUfoM U-«itt. c,*h«p
l>ilti M. ttil.iT. IT. H. \.\ Hchool |tirr.-tm«
J*mc» t>»nman. T. 1". WoMward. C. W. Mark
Ati.l A. rtonrovlurl, Mr*. C'harlaa llrown. Urn.
J. V. Murray, Mm. irvlnff Motiiton, Mix* Moul
ton. Mln» Knilly Ilaymond. Mra. O. I). Baldwin,
J. W. Zotlara (ot Conton), A. Constantino,' T,
C Morrl* nnd 8. J. Mitchell.
It la tho Intention of O. D. Baldwin, to
tako steps toward erecting a suttablo tab
let on th« soot whero tho elm is plantml.
Superintendent McLaren has great hope
for tho future of tho tree. He said yes«
trday that it wan a nturdy yonngr one and
the roots aro In oxcellcnft condition^
Geqrg* Ma j-*rl», . German • ISxpurt Optician,
Entrance 107J Markrt;1ook for eye with urown,
* .:* . ..'•-."¦- :r* .. . .
I cndur«»d his brotalfty and cru<"! treatment
for fourteen yeara and cannot stand it any
longer. Several times h<» has baalen me m that
I was compelled to keej» to tny be<i. lie ifon
eeeses a very bad temper and apparently has
no control over It. He would com* .home
presenting; every appearance of being oool,' calm
and collected. Suddenly he would fly Into a
rage, curse me, call me the most opprobrious
epithets and hurl everything: within lil* reach
at tny head. On one of th'-»e occasions he
picked up a large tureen end threw It through
a window.
I was leaving: the house one nfternoon nnd
ni'-T" him comlnfr up the stain. Without uttei
ins a word he «truck me on the mouth with his
clenched flat, cutting it terribly and kn'i.-klni.'
me sennelesF.
Wright is one of tho leading cornet
manufacturers on the coast. Up. owns
ft ores at. 10 Geajy street and T»69 Market
street nnd one in Oakland, lie is sup
posed to be very wealthy.
Kdlth M. Gnwjsell was granted ft divorce
from Oeorg* G. . ('jrvsnell by Judge Hunt
Bearing every 5ign of a much-abu?=ed
wife and showing traces uf tears on her
pale cheeks, Mrs. Tahoe IJ. Wright, wife
of Chester' V.- Wright, the corset manu
facturer, appeared In Judge Murasky^
court yesterday and' told of the manner
In which her husband had treated her
since their marriage in 18*7. She was fu
iriif for divorce on the ground of cruelty
and tlje harrowing tale she told was cor
roborated by the testimony of her falher
and mother, Mr. and Mrs. William
Pornin. Mrs. Wright crjed bitterly while
elie was testifying. Wright did not ay
pear to oppose her suit. Judge Murasky
rendered his decision very quickly, great
ly to the relief of the corset manufactur
er's wife. In accordance with the judg
ment of the court Mrs. Wright gets a. di
vorce, the custody of a minor child/ and
flS.'JOO, waiving all claims for alimony.
Mrs. Wright said yesterday:
The United States transport Shttiduu,
'"Hpyiln Price, arrivfd from Manila, via
Nnrufiikt, early tu- morning:, anchoring;
ut 12:'& a. m. Hhe wm twenty-live dayn
muktns the voyage. f*hc carries 111 cabin
}jar»rnrrrn and ifi-'l In the ntecrnffe, of
whom 34S8 ar« enllRtrd mtn. 22 dlnchursrd
i- ¦:¦:!• i« ..i.ci 301 Hi k. Six death* from
dynrntery ftccurred o>i the voyage.
Sheridan Arrives.
Huldah McCrory filed a suit for divorce
l agRinst Samuel McCrory yesterday, al
'leging desertion. They were married in
1&68 and have two grown-up children. Mr3.
llcCrory alleges ¦ that her husband de
1 8erted her at Sacramento in 1887 and has
since failed to provide for her.
Frances L. Gonzajes Is puing Antonio
Gonzales for divorce, alleging desertion.
i Mrs. Gonzales alleges that her husband
! deserted her in 1900. four yearn after their
! marriage. She asks permission to resume
; her maiden name, Frances J Jr Crelghton."
Sulta for divorce have been commenced
by Edgar M. Eisfelder against Alice M.
Elafelder for desertion and John Donovan
against Catherina Donovan for Infidelity.
yesterday. She charged hrr husband with
cruelty. According to her testimony
Grassell had peculiar methods of enforc
ing the obedience promised at the altar.
She said that if it so happened that she
occifpied a- -little bit too much space in
bed he would reach for a knife, prod her
in the side with It- and growl, "Get over
there." .
Another favorite method of enforcing
compliance with his requests was to hurl
a loaf of bread at his wife. ,
• Grassell ia enjoying his freedom only
rorough n promiBo to be goad he made to
a Pollco Judge two months ago. At that
tlme.hl.s wife swore out a warrant for
his arrest on account of his cruelty. He
was haled before a magistrate, but was
released after promising to treat his wife
decently.
The marriage of Hans J. Lunvaldt to
Louisa Lunvaldt was annulled by Judge
K>rrlgan yesterday. Lunvaldt introduced
evidence showing that his wife was mar
ried to Brlzzllilo .Telmini at the time she
became Mrs. Lunvialdt. .
Bella Gibbons, an actress, performing at
the Olympla, was granted a divorce from
John F, Gibbons, a trapeze performer,
yesterday by Judge Grnham. She alleged
failure to provide.,
After little more than two months of
matrimonial "bliss," Mary K. Jacobspn,
who wan married to John Jacohson Jan
uary 6. 1002. has sued for divorce. She al
leges that dally since their marriage her
husband has beaten her. • '¦
BKKKELEY, March 12.— Two exceed
ingly Important additions to the Uni
versity of California faculty authorized
by thr« regent? at their meeting yester
day were made to-day by President
Wheeler. The new men who will tako up
work with California next term are Dr,
Adolph C. Miller, now professor of llnance
at tho University of Chicago, and Henry
Morse. Stephens, professor of European
history in Cornell University. With th«
appointment of Dr. Miller comes the es
tablishment of a department of political
economy, of which he will bo the head,
and the establishment of a department of
university extension, which will be under
, Professor Stephens Both will receive
salaries of $4000 a year.
REGENTS CHOOSE
NEW PROFESSORS
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. M.
"W., WASHINGTON, March 12.— A formal
apology has been made by the Russian
representative at Newchwang, China,
frr the treatment of the American Bailors
of the gunboat Ylcksbursr by Russian «ol
di<»n». and the Incident which contained
tuma of an Intt rnatlonnl controversy m
th<refote closed,
Sft-r^tary Uons has received full reports
rf'KW<H»K the rlaHhea between th*» Amen*
en iik and RuRMlnnn. The Civil Commls-
HUfi'cr «hwrif('<l I hut un American sjillor
tiud committed a crime. Ah tho men
boarded the Vlukuburg from their outine
a*hor<> they were examined by order or
Commander Harry, tholr commander. No
arm* were found upon thorn.
Tho liusslun Commissioner claimed thnt
ho had an overrent In hl« po»»eHslun
which would cBtiibllBh tho Identity of the
American wlu> nhot » sentry. Commander
Harry found all tbo ovrrcoatB accounted
for. The UutiHlun wuk nt Unit lndl«pos<«d
to nroduee the c.ont, but when ho did no
It van found to belong to a civilian and
not to n niillnr or innnnv. When Rnxurcd
of hi* mlntakc the Cummlsmloncr upolo
gliea.
Following this iin I'lriit tho Russian sol*
ill- vh raided tho American clubroom at
Nowrhwiuiff. They mlHtook U for tho
Drlllgli r.lubroom. lirltuii anllorM Iihvc
brought urm« nshore contrary to regula
tion)*.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Krnest DroHs, manairinR editor of th«
Orrconlan, of I'crtlaiiJ. Or., l» in thin
nty cm a brief visit.
PERSONAL. ,
Charles J. Lantry, a contractor. 1« at
the Palace.
R. Benjamin, an attorney of Napa. is at
the California.
J. Morris Jones, a merchant of Colusa.,
is at the Grand.
A. F. Luninff, a brewer of Milwaukee,
is at the Palace.
Q. M.. Martin, a merchant of Watson
vjlle, is at the Lick.
T. G. Yancy, h. mining man of New
man, is at the Lick.
"VV. Jf. Craft, a cattle rancher of Mex-
Jeti. is at the Palace.
E. M. MclCearny. a fruit-grower of Por
terville. In at the Uck.
<.'. C Tcague of Fresno, accompanied by
m- v ¦:'.• . in at the Orand.
.1. \V. Hine, a manufacturer of James
town, N. Y.. is at th« Palace.
K. L. Bomers and W. P. Jenklnn, rail
road men of Chicago, are at the Palace.
Mary E.' Ferguson (owner), with Hennlng
P. Otten (contractor),- architect none^-AH TirorK
except ¦ Kas fixtures, rhodes ' an4 mantels for - a
two-story and basement frame buildinr on the/
E line of Sixth avenue, 275 ¦ N» of Clement
Btreet, 25 by 120; total, $3600.
Eugene Minzenmayer (owner), with PaclflQ
Home Buildins Company, (contractors), Archi
tect. K." Boea — All work for frame' cottatte of
r> rooms and bath on the N Una of L street,
32:6 K of Tenth avenue, B 26 by, N 100; total
$1820. • - •
Thomas U, Mftbqney (owner), with A ' C
8oul« (contractor). archltectB Mahoney & Ry
land—All work alterations and asdittona to •
two-story fram« residence on the W • Hrm -of
Wonhlncton street, 137:6 B of Polk, 15 2ft hy
a is7;«iii tntai, lasso :-''\m^SSm
VT. B Bourn (owner); with H. H. l^a.rgen *¦
Bro. (contractors), architect Albort Sutton— AVI
work • except piling, excavating, plumbing,
efiwerlngr. gis flttlnjr and elevators for h three
story and basement brick buildlnsr on the SW
line of. Esst street, 91 :8 NW of Mission, NW
45:10 by SW 187:6; total, $32,701.
The American Milling Company (owners),
with Matt V. Brady (contractor), architects *L
GelUues & Son — Brick, cast and wrought iron,
ftteel and granite work for a four-story and
basement brlok buiidlnr on the SE corner of
Tiattery and Union etreeta, 8 l?0 by E 75; total,
$12,300. .
Miss Alice IF. Masten (owner), with rj.-B.
Nichols (contractor), architect • Albert .Fafr—
All -work, for a three-story and attic fmnw
dwelltmr on th« 8 Una of Vallejo atrwt,' 62:6
W of Bteiner. W 30 by 81 37:0, Western Ad
dition 004: total., $5313.
Builders' Contracts. .
'WEDNESDAY, March 12.
George and Mary A. Eggleton to David Sam
uels lot on SB corner of Franklin and Chest
nut sheets" 8 137:6 by E 13T:6; $10.
Gerrncn Savlnes and Loan Society to David
Garibaldi, lot on E line of Gough street, 7o b
of Greenwich. S 45 by K 115; $10. .
R. Anastasia Sweeny Peseta and Prank Ma
hen to John Martin, lot on N line of Washing
ton street. 137:6 W of Gough. W 65 by. N
' "'solornon and Isabelle Lewis to Jacob Levin.
lot on, BW comer of Post and Laguna streets,
W 00 \>V S K17:6; $10.
.John G. W. and Minna Schulte to Rose t.
t Williams <wife of John H. Williams), lot on
\V line of Webster street, o3:6 N of Waller.
N 'J6 by W 100; $10.
John IT. William* to wne, same; gift. .
Sarah Howatt (widow) to Sarah J. MeAulay
<wlri» of Georce MeAulay), lot on E lln*t of
Uevlaadero street, 100 S of O'Farrell., S 23 by
E (M); gift.
John A. and BMle Hoots to Annie M. Thomp
«on. lot. on S llim.ot .Kilbort «tr««t, 80 W of
Broderlck. W,:il:« by R 1S7:«); 110.
II. U. und Laura A. Plnnoy to Alice K.
rftotwrts (widow), lot on SW corner of Filbert
ami nroderlck street*, 8 34 by W K0: »10.
Levltfll. «nd Willie L. Cox to Everett Pom
erOTi lot on W Hn# of UHvedere street, • Bo N
v.f irrertM-lck. N SS by W 03; *10.
Maropolltnn Rallwoy Company to Market
Hr»«t Hallway I'ompnny. lot on N ltn« of Carl
•itrcrt. 10O W of Wlllard, w 75 by N 137:6:
>aiiii:i>ii- consideration.
Itechu anrl Morris El»enber» to Tuallne Po»
tlriKhHin, lot on 8 lln« of clay street, 02:8 B
Of Walnut, 10 25 by H 102 :«U: fiOOU.
l>nnlel O'Connor to .Annie O'Connor, lot on
BK coriw of Stirrnnii<ntr> und Spruce »trf«t«,
K mm by 8 107:7% («l»ltfl*lm rt^ed); Klft.
Maria Fennenay (widow! to Huaan K. Wako-
Icp. lot on W line of Capp street, I2fl H of Nint
t*«nlh. S 4r. by W ia2:« (fjulicUlm «i<»»n): flft.
Mml.i und John l^nneiiay, ,Io»«i>hlno Orm<i
(renn«-«ny) anil lOmnia I'annesay to i«m», same
(qultclnlm d«Pd); »to.
City Hnd County of Han Francisco to 1'aullnt
L \Vllhflni, Niunri * .
HerijutHln nnd A«nfs I^wls to Kat« H.
JJotlmchlld. lot «tn N lln« of Twenly-K»<fon'l
•trcot, 225 K of (lucrrfro, K Sll hy N IH: $lo.
Simon und Oolillw M. Naiteln tn lion*. London
iMnijIe). lot on \V lino of ('h»ltftnoo«fi utrcrt,
7« N of Twtntyfourth. U ?•'. lij- AV 100; $10.
Adolph umi OuNlfliio Meyur to Mary Connor
(widow), lot on N line of Jersey street, 10<J \V
of No^. W SO by N ICOj $10.
Tr««nt I'. <Tlnrk U> I'liocba K. CUrk fwlfe),
lot on ti lln<! of Ore*nwloh snt>et, nato tt ot
Dimunt. S «!":« by B 20: K in.
rf«orgft mid Ilnrrint M., Herrmann and Mai
cun J. nml l.llllini Notter to California Hafe
T)epo«lt and Trust Company, lot on K lln* of
Stockton street, 50 H rf Suttcr. 8 40 hy E 80:
$10.
Donwl nnd Krnmle 8. Stoney to L'nlon Oil
Company of California.* lot on \V lino ot Fenn
•vlvaniti. avenue. 150 N of Maripoaa street,
N IPO, W 100. N 100, W .1:8, BW to a, point,
S 3:0, E 200; $10.
Solomon nnd l>ora Get* to Jeptha C. Cooper,
lot on W line of Twenty-third avenu*, 12."> N
of California street. N.25 by W 120; $10.
Geary Htrrot I'nrk und Ocean Kallroad Com
pany (corporation) to Ocean Beach Railway
Company (corporation), undivided one-third of
lot on NW corner ot Point Loboa nnd First
avenues W m7:0. N|100, W 12:6. N 200. K
120, S :\00; $W,000. v * ¦ ; ;
CallaKhan Estate Company (corporation) to
K H. Hallett and W. S. Gee, lot on R line of
Eleventh avenue, 100 B of II street, 8 100 by
E 120; $10.
City T>and Company frorporation) to Hiram
B. Cook, block bounded R by V street. N by W
Btreet, W by Twenty-first avenue and E by
Twenty-secomi avenue; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company (corporation) to K.
M Cavln. lots 2-10 and 231. Hcyman Tract: $10.
Michael . I. AVrln to Ellen Wrln, lot on N
Unp of Fair avenue. r»0 W of California, W
r.0 by N 100, Fair's subdivision of Molly Tark
Tract; $10. /
Morrii" J. SWeman to Loui« Estacaiiie. lots
.".S and »», block S, MIpbIqh Street Land Com
panv- $10. ¦ l .
Thomas R. nnd Helen G. Crteg to Pacific Im
provement Company (corporation), lot on BE
corner .of Thirtieth and Dame streets. 8 200,
E 125. N 80. W 20, N 114, W 100, block 28,
Kntrmount; $10.
Henry T. and Elsie H. Scott to same, lot on
E line of Dame street, 200 8 o' Thirtieth. S
100 by E 125. block 28, same: $10. , -
Pacific Improvement Company (corporation)
to Market Street Railway Company, same; alao
lot on SE corner of Thirtieth and Damn ntreets.
R 200, E 125. N St.. W 25, N 114, W 100, block
2S. ranie: $10. ,
Michael McCann to A. McCann, lots 62 and
64. Holiday map A; $20. ,
Occar Jleyman to Alberto and Glula Solarl,
lotR D and 34, block 821, Haley Purchase; $10.
Harlow H. White to Nellie H. White (wife),
lots 38 and * 38. block P, Park Lane Tract No.
5- alf»o lot on "K line of Ashbury street, 1150 N
of Fell, N 25 by E J0.1;,"!; gift.
EL. PASO, Texas, March 12.— A man giv
ing his name as John M. Bernhardt and
his residence San Francisco was arrested
late last night by the police on the suspi
cion that he was the murderer of Nora
Fuller. After remaining in a cell until
9 o'clock this morning the prisoner was
released, for his papers showed that he
had been in San Francisco but a short
time, while Bennett was a resident of
many years.
Bernhardt had a through ticket to Chi
cago. He acted suspiciously here and
afterwards became intoxicated. The police
shadowed him for hours and finally took
him into custody. He is about 35 years of
age, 1 rather handsome, with light hair and
mustache and comparatively well
dressed. He was terribly frightened this
morning when taken before the Chief for
examination. __ _^ \
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
ANOTHER NORA FULLER '
SUSPECT IS RELEASED
RUSSH GIVES
QUICK APOLOGY
Mrs. Bradstreet informed Officer Owen
that Mrs. ChaATee, a lodger in her house
heard a noise on the porch and was afraid
to stay in her room because she feared
burglars. Mrs. Bradstreet armed herself
with a poker and went out to Investigate.
She heard footsteps in tho alleyway and
In the darkness saw the shadow of a man.
Mrs. Chaffee rushed In and told Mrs.
Bradstreet that there- was a burglar in
the alleyway, and Cecil, her son, picked
up his revolver and hurried out to the
porch. ' He saw the man going over the
fence and knowing he would escape by
the Fell-street entrance to the alley.way
he rushed down his front stairs and hur
ried around to Fell street.
Cecil saw a man hurrying up Fell
street, however, and imagining this w r as
the burglar, he called upon him to halt.
Instead of obeying the command, the
pedestrian took to his heels. Bradstreet
gave chase and fired two shots into the
air to Intimidate the runner. This had
its effect. Bradstreet caught up with him
and at the point of a pistol loaded with
blank cartridges, he forced the man to
return with him to the house. The al
leged burglar proved to be a student in
chemistry, who had just left the drug
store owned by City Chemist Green,
which is located at the corner of Fell and
Devisadero streets. His explanation be
ing satisfactory, Bradstreet allowed him
to depart. <
Bradstreet is of the opinion that the
burglar made his escape by jumping over
another fence. Mrs. Bradstreet des
cribes the man as being 5 feet 8 inches in
height and wearing an overcoat and
slouch hat.
Residents in the vicinity of Fell and
Devisadero ctrcets were startled by the
wound of two pistol shots at 10 o'clo'ck
last evening. Cecil Bradstreet, who lives
at 448 Divisadero etnet tired the shots at
a supposed burglar. lie brought, the man
to a standstill and took him back to his
home. The man he captured proved to
be a student In chemistry who happened
to be going homo.
Charles Brooks, who attempted to se
cure $1000 from the estate of Rachael
Jeans by reason of an alleged aifte-mor
tem oral agreement, was also turned
away empty-handed.
Joseph Bcrnardl failed to prove his part
ettship In the Maximilian mine In the
gutter Creek district, Ainador County. He
e'eimed that there was a.n oral agreement
as to partnership in the mine between
himself and a former owner, who has
since died. Bernardi's unsupported Etate
ipent was held to be of no legal import
in the matter and Judgment was entered
in favor of Annie E. Allen, who is now
in control of the property.
Var-1 was found guilty an ,j sentenced to
imprisonment la l-'olnom penitentiary In
lyj.: Thp Judsnvnt was entered in th«
record? bv moans of a rubber stamp.
\.i:lch did not malu« a legible Impression.
Th<; error was discovered In November.
VXl. and Judge Dunne ordered a correc
tion. Ward's attorneys appealed from the
order and presented a bill of exceptions.
whUJi Judcc Dunne refused to EiRn. Peti
tion «r»s made to the Supreme Court to
coisrKi a settlement. This petition was
granted and Ward has another opportu
nity to make a' tight for his freedom.
Tho Supreme Court also decided yester
cay that Charles H. Smith, a prominent
<.-rhcial of the South* rn Pacific Company.
must continue to pay his wife $100 a
D'tmth alimony, fmith hie been making
objection to this payment for about two
ytars. and the matter has been the sub
ject of much tit:gatlon. His wife. Jo
stphine. secured a divorce and was al
lowed $100 a montn alimony. Smith paid
up regularly until January. 1900.
The Spring Valley Water Company lost
its suit against \V. J. Fifield. a dairyman,
who was accused of allowing his cows to
pollute a stream which furnished water
vs-od in this city. It was not shown that
riricld's farm was anywhere near the res
ervoir, or that the water was not puri
ried naturally before It arrived there. It
was held necessary ulso for the company
to prove that the water In The reservoir
was defiled.. By reason of the lae)i of these
pr«.-cfs Fineld wins his case.
The Supreme Court yesterday issued a
writ of mandate to compel Judge Frank
H. Dunne to p.cttlo the bill of exceptions
in the cafe cf Bernard Ward, the cm
iMTTHng financial secretary of the Marine
Iiremtn's Association.
Burglar.
Student in Chemistry Is
Mistaken for a
Bernard Ward Wins His
Point in Battle for
Freedom.
T.OS ANGELES, March 12.— Edward
Singleton, son of Millionaire John Single
ton, one of the*, owners of the Yellow
Aster mine at Randsburff, committed sul
cldc to-night by shooting himself througn
thefheari.
The KUlclde occurred about » o'clock.
Young Singleton, who was about 20
yeara old, had been brought homo 1 by a
¦Hpecial police ofne'er: who had found him
near hla father's residence tn a state of
intoxication. SVhen the officer took the
young man to the door, the latter's father
let him in and reprimanded him on ac
count of his condition and ordered him to
go *to his room.
Tho officer accompanied Singleton to
his room and had just started to leave
th<i> house when ho heard a pistol shot
within. With the father he hurrieuiy re
turned to. the boy's room, wnere ihcy
found him lying on the floor, witn a bm
let hole through his head. Death had
been Instantaneous. Young Singleton had
every advantage that wealth could pro
vide, as his father is estimated to be
worth $2,000,000. .<
by His Father's Rep
rimand.
Fatal Despondency Is Caused
MAKES CAPTURE
OF WRONG MAN
SUPREME COURT
ENDS DISPUTES
Son of "Millionaire John
Singleton Commits
. ' Suicide.
The sapling had - been taken' from
NlmissilJa Park, Canton, a sylvan re
treat, much loved and often visited by the
late President. (Since the life of the ma
jestic elm Is of many hundreds of year*
the perpetuation In this manner of the
memory of. the martyred President's vialt
to tnis city Is assured to the generations
to come. '
¦Punctually at 10:30 o'clock yesterday
morning: Airs. Baldwin arrived at the
square, followed by Mayor Schmitz, Lleu
tennnt James • F. McKlnlpy. Miss Grace
Mcltlnley,. Mrs. Georpro Morse and Mar*
gcry Morse. The relatives of tho late
President stoorl around the ground iu«t
laid open by John ,Mcl«arcn, Superintend-
ceremony when a young elm tree
from the home of the lamented President
McKtnley was planted . on the Powell-
Btreet elde of the picturesque, plaza.
Through the' forethought of Mrs. O. D.
Baldwin of this city, the tree .was sent
here by Mayor Robertson of Canton,
Ohio.
Tjr y NI0N SQUARE was the sceiw
I | yesterday of a most impressive
II | and what In future years will be
V^_ J^' remembered as an 1 historical
TAHOE WRIGHT
GETS DIVORCE
George F. Aubertine. whose name Is
mentioned in connection with that of
Simmons, was one of those who was ap
pointed by Powel FVedrick a clerk in the
Justices' Court. He has not drawn any
Falary on account of the legal conten
tlon& o\ r er the possepplon of the office.
I intend to keep thli< promise to the letter
and will not be deterred In- the Htlghtert degree
by tl;» clamorous «lemsndn for Jifticp of MeKsro.
fclmmoris and Aubertlne or any other Job seek
ers, or bjr the stench emanating from the. Jour
nalistic sewer which serves as an outlrt for
their calumnies.
J am tiatlKflct] to let my record, pr^i^nt mirf
fviturr. «|ic-ak for Itself, and 1 rely upon tht;
CX»od Hi-iiKiT of ih» labor niif'si'x and of the < ill
i*n» of San Kranclsco gencrnlly to pay no at
tention to the "sorehead" and false utat'mrnti"
of disgruntled polltlcnl job chanerit Hn<1 their
merctrlcioua journalistic ully, thp Bullet in.
Before my election and plnre, I promised In
do my duty to th» whole people, fearlessly and
fairly, and with equal regard for the rights of
all.
Stands on His Record.
Ttocausr t*'i-K- two inrn and one or twn
oth^rg could not at once »n<1 without dcltcy
Obtain Hir pnr.it iniid (hey demanri'd. b*oatiK«i I
could not under th* law or would not without
Ju«t ciiukp throw out of offlrp thone who «twii
in th^lr way they are now trying to "t*kc It
o«M" in reno'.utliin*.
Aubertlnt wanted f)r»t to \>f spoolittcd Pu-
Ili-« ("o:nml»iilotifr. next h«» nuked to h* mnd«
ttup»rvlnor whrn KuprrvUor f»wy»r dird, hikI
ftlft't han lately nrplr^d to \>e ¦uperlntcnd< < nt of
tti<* Alr.^!nni»r.
Whatever few places I hav« had to kI>'<*
I have given, where th«« l»w permitted "and tti*
mm were competent, to tried, true, denrrvlni;
and honorable member* of the L'nlon Labor
party. 'I !.<¦ records will bear in* out in iiil. .
but «uch mm an Hlmmona «nd Aubertlnc hei'l
tr.if tit nothing and have coniildrratlun for no-
Ii>:<- but thrniarlvm. Tli--> would nacrlftca Hi-
Union l -*» t .• •»- party, thn cause of labor wild
•wrythlnit Hm to accomplish a nelflMh end.
Ktmm<<na wanted to ha t'omniliMonrr of J'ub.
He Work*. I could not Appoint him to inn
r!«c«t and tlu-n, «ftrr ninny veilrd and op»-n
thriMtl* «nd with much srumhllna; nii>1 unit -
Icrlim !¦«• demanded the ruparlntendenry of 1 1 1 •
Almthouir. Am th« plare in not vacant I could
not clv» It to him and a* lie did nut nhtul i
It by t h«> l»t of March ht> threatened Vtu da
m* up" In tl'<* Kalior J'arty rnmmllUf.
Places Assigned on Moiit.
I have not considered the office of Mayor
merely as a storehouse of patronage, for the
distribution of • small political positions, but
have looked upon it in a much broader light,
ee an office to be administered upon sound and
conservative business principles, for the ad
vantage and equal benefit of all elements of
the community, and for the progress and pros
perity of our entire population. •
Much to my pleasure I have found myself
pustained and upheld by the great mabse* of
the labor element end wage-earners of the
city, by all good citizen* and by the respectable
press, and 1 am proud of the confidence which
they manifest in me. But. and I fay it with
resr*t, 1 have been hampered and annoyed al
most beyond endurance by a umall coterie of
place-hunting, professional labor politician?,
who think that there U nothing In the cause
of labor except a few petty places for them
selves, and who have pestered and Importuned
me from day to day. and from week to week.
to give them positions and. sa la lie*, no matter
¦ t what coat to the people and to ourselvee,
and have insisted, so as to make room for
themselves, on my removing, with or without
cause and without reierrnrp to the charter or
ltw or civil service DrovUioni". rommlMlon
cr* and every other official who etandir In the
way of the political Job wliloh they have re
spectively eelscteU for themselvc*.
Not a Patronage Storehouse.
I have tried not to involve the cause of labor
in polities: and political Intrigues, but have
consistently advocated the duty of all coo>l
citizens, including the great masses of the
wtge workers, to perform their civic obliga
tions, and to strive by intelligent end honoi
atle use of the. ballot for a better government
and a better social condition. 1 have urged
them to join with the hest people for the best
government. 1 have advised them to oppose
the corrupt and demoralizing: boss elements,
wherever found, because their influence is per
nicious and always Injurious to the masses.
To this* extent and to this extent alone did I
conceive it their duty and their inclination to
take part In political affairs. I have en
deavored in niy own administration to live up
to these principles. ,
My object has ever been, ag it will still con
tinue to be, 10 better the condition of the
laboring: man, soeiallv, industrially and finan
cially.
However, in order that t!ie nubiic may
clearly comprehend the situation I am willing
to mike a brief statement. Since takine ot
flce as Mayor 1 have endeavored to Justify the
confidence or those who supported iiw and of
the community generally by following a clean,
honest and conservative" courae, hoping that
the wage-earner way. in some manner through
me. acquire and hold the full esteem and re
spect of all of his fellow citizens, and that
the fallacious ideas which have to gsjjie ex
tent heretofore prevailed that •the wage
worker is not able, intelligent or conservative
enough to be entrusted with equal participa
tion and representation In the affairs of gov
ernment might be dispelled.
Administration Is Honest.
It lia<l been my Intention to pas-n over Ih
tOler.cf th* etatements contained In this even
ing's Bulletin concerning th<s purported action
taken by a portion of th* Union Labor party
oxecutlva committee with reference to my
policy in maklnu appointments to otflio.
The Bulletin^ references to ray admiuistva
tlon or to myself have without cause always
been eo venomous, mulirioun and lulse that
oven to tal;«> formal notice of its publication
is alrooct a dishonor.
br«rtHAT faction of the Union Labor
11^ party which is headed by S. D.
1 1 Simmons, chairman of the execu
11 ttve committee, has made an at
tack upon Mayor Schmitz, charg
ing him -with violation of the pledges
inade at the convention which nominated
him for Mayor.
When J. S. Parry. Simmons* predeces
sor as head of the committee, was ap
pointed a Fire Commissioner, Simmons,
who ih president of the Theatrical Me
chanlcH' Union, was elected to nucceed
him. Simmons was at one time an as
pirant for an appointive offlco, but to fur
his claims have not been recognized. £
The members of the executive commit
tee of the Theatrical Mechanics' Union
called upon Mayor Schmits last evening
.•>r«J avsured him that Simmons did not
represent them liv.maklnjj his charges.
Mayor Schmitz, i" a statement issued
!an «'venInK. makes answer to the Httack
upon him. The statement follows:
Says Small-Fry Politicians With the Lust for Off ice
Are Bane of Union Labor Party. ;
BULLET ENDS
RICH YOUNG
MAN'S LIFE
MAYOR SCHMITZ MAKES REPLY
TO THOSE WHO CRITICIZE HIM
PLANTS ELM TREE IN HONOR
OF LATE PRESIDENT'S MEMORY
Mayor Performs the Ceremony in Union Square in
Presence of flany Interested Citizens.
9
THE SAX FRANCISC6 r CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1902. v
ORAPE-NUTB.
BREAD DYSPEPSIA.
White Bread Makes Trouble With
Some People.
l.«a<iing up with wliin bread an'l
•tarchy cereals If quit* sure to ultimately
bring on some disorder of the bowclm,
and i% frequently the cause of append!-
citl>=.
The etarches sre not digested in tha
Upper etomach, but are treated In the du-
odonum and from there on- down through
thft whole length of the bowels. Conse-
quently, if. too much starchy food is
u«d, particularly white bread, trouble is
likely to set up. White bread docs not
contain the dJastatic principles which na-
ture placed in the wrioat berry to help
digest Etarch, but tbe white flour miller
leaves that part out.
Grape-Nuts Breakfast Food was per-
fected purposely to supply the starch of
the. cereals and the other parts Intended
by r.ature for use, and presents them to
the body in a form that will easily be
digested. In fact, they are predigested
by a natural means during the process of
manufacture, so that one can get all the
energy and value from that sort of food
without overloading the organs.
A man from Brantford, Ont., says: "For
the first twenty years of my life I lived
out of doors, then I took up my present
employment, which is Indoors, and re-
•julrcs the exercise of th« brain rather
than the body.
"Gradually a languid feeling took pos-
tsesfion of me, which developed into dys-
PfcrMa and later into constipation. These
conditions continued for several years in
epite of pills and laxatives without num-
ber. Aft^r a time I began to. Buffer from
great lack of vitality and from time to
time with cramps in the bowels which
usually laid me up for three or four
days. Finally the physician discovered
that I was on the point of appendicitis.
After one cf these severe attacks* about
eIx months ago, a neighbor brought in
part of a packago of Grape-Nuts to try,
and I noticed trm good results from tha
first, and have continued to use the food
Jji placp of whit« bread and cereals I
formerly used.
"I have gained considerably in weight,
feel" much better than 1 have in rears.
my complexion hap cleared up, digestion
it? sood. and I hav*> not had a cramp
since starting; but more important than
all e)s*\ I notified a distinct clearness of i
mind puf.talnfd by an energy and nerve
force that I have not known before.
"I have learned nu exceedingly valu-
able lesson in living end will not, here-
after, load myself down with food .re-
quiring too much bulk to supply: a suffl.
cif-nt amount of nourishment as I used to.
This lsason In moderation in diet, and
knowing how to eelect proper food \%
north everything to me." Name fur-
/ilfihed by the Ponum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich.
ADVERTISEB^ENTS.
A Medicine for
Old People,
Re/. Geo. Gay, Greenwich, Kas, fs
past 83 years of age, yet he says: *1
am enjoying excellent health for a sun
of my age, due entirely to the Teja^a-
atlng influences of Dr. Miles* Ner»ine-
It brings sleep and rest when nothing
else will, and gives strength *mi vital-
ity even to one of my old age."
"I am an old soldier," write3 Mr. Gco.
Watson, of Newton, la., "aad I bxrr.
been a great sufferer from ptrronsnest,
vertigo and spinal trouble. Have spest
considerable money- for medicine and
doctors, but with little benefit. I was
so bad my mind showed signs oc weak-
ness. I began takine D*. Miles' Nervine,
and I know it saved rtv life."
M^TeV Nervine
Saved me from the insane asy-
lum," Mrs. A. M. Heifaer, of Jerico
Springs, Mo., writes. . "I was so nerv-
ous that I could scarcely control my-
telf, couldnotslcepnorrest, would evert
forget the names of my own children at
times. I commenced using Dr. Miles'
Nervine and it helped me from the
hrst, and now I ara perfectly ".velL"
Sold by all Druggist* on Guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., ElWhart, Ind.
T.,_. . ' . * '' _i
nirr n n \\ \ i com* Founn *r.d
CAFE ROE Psji
valla«* ch«ck«<J »•.« 'THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1002.
10
BUSIIVKSS CHANCES — Continued.
JOSEPH STRAl'B,
$50 Market St.. corner Stockton.
' Telephone Orant J77.
Real Estate A cent.
1 Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
. Legitimate Business
/ Agent.
A OAKPT t-tore; manufacturing and icecream
parlors; paper agencies and other side lines;
SO minutes from city; present owner been
there 7 years: brst of reason for selling;
$2750. ROHLFg CO., 41 Third st.
A SALOON on prominent corner: 6 years' lease;
well stocked; must be sold; $2000. ROHLFS
CO.. 41 Third st.
A— SALOON on Third St., close to Market: 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third st.
A— PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market St.. fine-
ly fitted up; doing line business; owner has
other business: $1200. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
A— BARGAIN. Bargain. Bargain.
10 clsrar stores: vrlcem from *75 to STOOO.
20 saloons; prices from $150 to $5000.
£0 restaurants; prices from $100 to $4000.
10 do'icacy stores: prices $75 to $2000. »
1U0 lodging-houses; prices from $150 to $5000.
For quick sales tee STRAND & CO.. 209
Kearny.
A — WE buy. sell or exchange all kinds of busi-
ness. STRAND & CO.. 200 Kearny at.
SOME bargains — McBRIDE _ CO.. 766 Market.
$225 — Restaurant & oyster house; good.cheap.
$250 — Restaurant : good location; 10 more res-
taurants. $200— Saloon; $400, $600. $1200 sa-
loons. $175, $225. $500 telgar stores.
LOOK out, laundrymen'. Steam laundry; part
for eale: good chance. McBRIDE & CO.,
. 705 Market st. ; phone Red 3433.
$175 — CIGAR store, in good condition. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market st.
A-^SALOONS; CO to select from $350 up
Cigar stands 225 up
Delicacy stores 250 up
OrocerirK and bar 350 up I
Candy factory and store* 1100 up
KRASKY & CO.. 10J9A Market St., room 16.
Hi: AM' &- CARR. U Kddy at.',' San KrancUoo,'
room* 18 and lit; phone JameM 2771 — We sell
all kinds of business oiinnrtunltles. city and
• nuntry r»al estate, fall or write for our
printed list properties for «ale and exrhattgf.
A — to CKJAR stands; priced $75 to $1300;
• proflta $2 to $H dally; rent* In to $125 month.
1 can ¦"•!! ,i "ii a first-da,** xtum! at Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 4UW$S Parrott building.
flOn WILL buy half InteifKt In well-paying
Mlonu; good Im-atlon; nmr Kearny tt. ; look
at tliix before buying 'U«-wlu-ir. r. •_, in;
LITC'A St CO.. HIS Kearny «t. _
i;kn'T1iKMAN or lady who cart reach people
with money to invest in a company owning
h mountain of low-grade gold-bearing ore
puperlor to Treadwell mine of Alaska; dlvj-
dend* will run ltfott— i« beginning ;; monthn
after mill starts, tf you wish to represent
•¦¦I- Invett In a paying propo*ltlon addreHM
, room 412, 1'arrott lildg.. Ban Fran<*lsco, Cal.
a 7'*vnciAi?'opponTTjiiiiY
To open • cai«h grocery .store on prominent
transfer corner In Oakland; ele-
S»nt flxtuMn, <*>pi nearly $1000; entire rent
only $25 mnnth: see to-day.
LAYMANCK REAL ESTATE CO..
4(50 and 4'i2 Klghth *t., Oakland.
IF you are seeking safe and profitable invest-
ment, write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (.Co-operative) Association |
incorporated under New York State laws);
a limited number of shares at $100 each. N. |
S. HAND, Secretary, 113 Stockton st.
CAF.E NOMK — Owing to the pressure of other
buslnf«s the owner of a rich claim, 660x1320
feet, adjoinlne Dexter Creek, offers rare bar-
gain: assessment work done; title perfect:
terms easy. Particulars TOMLINSON &.
CO., 4C8 California st.
GENTLEMAN, ace 40, married,' occupying I
managerial position of responsibility, desires i
change; fair knowledge general business:
good coast acquaintanceship; highest local
and Eastern references. Box 4199, Call. ,
GOOD chance for baker In Oakland: $125 per
month: $300 and invoice if sold immediately.
Call 106 Eleventh St., S. F., this week, ,
MECHANICS' board and lodging house for I
gale. Box 4460. Call. { j
SALOON for sale; ooiioslte the ferry. Apply |
111 Bast rt.. north of Market.
PARTNERSHIP Interest in wholesale jobbing |
1 and manufacturing business; well estab- j
lished: competent business man necessary to
take active part: capital required, $10,000 to
$15,000; full investigation; principals only.
Address box 4175. Call offlce.
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent: explanation free. N. S. HAND _ CO..
Expert Handicapper*,* 113 Stockton st.
$5<W — RELIABLE party as partner in thor-
oughly established commission office; rare
opportunity: etasy hours; large profits. 408
California et.. room, 4.
$250 — PARTNER; \manufacturing business;
only one of the kind in the State; large
profits; live man. Business Board of Trade
326 Pine st.
BALOON, corner lot, property, stock and fix-
tures for sale or rent; opposite railroad depot
in Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL
Paso Robles. Cal.
$525— TAILORING on Market ft. ; full value in
eight; good will; cause for 6ale, owner study-
ing medicine; cheap reth. G. Nenton,750 Mkt.
$1500— TRUNK manufacturing business, with
valuable patent attached: or will take a part-
n»r, Apply at 826 Howard st.
A SNAP — Restaurant and chop house; on ac-
count sickness: $200: must be sold. 411 4th.
"WANTED— Partner with $5000 to $10,000 in
law bus. ; long estab. ref. requested. 4439,CaIl.
$»**) — SALOON; old established; transfer cor-
bj ner; low rent; long lease. CejX offlce.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — SPECIAL; 20 rms.: cor.: clears $165; $500
cash, bal. eajy terms; price $1600. Retsloff.
A— WE offer. any of fallowing on easy terms:
65 rooms; elegant; clears *4i« $.vi00
10 rooms; selling on account of death.. 400
Zf) rooms; clears $125; payments 1000 I
]•> rocrn*; Eddy St.: reduced to f»O0 I
.1 rooms; flat: bargain «w>
22 rooms; M st.; clear* $100; payments. 700
JO rooms; Jonea-st. comer; only 275
7 rooms; bargain; es»y terms 300
17 room*; r)ear« $75; only 2V)
J» room*; rent $40; clears $60 .. ' 450
POg Market «.. cor. E1H*. room 12.
— — Near The Call building.
MARION GR,FFIN, T 7!!TMaTk*et IS^ k nV. 8 -.:.-
MONEY TO LOAN.
Dig free Hut of lodging- houses at my offlce.
All for rsl* on »a»y terms. Pl»aa<s call.
• BUYERS AND SELLERS.
Please remember that •! have «h.r*><» eomp«-
tent, courteous tober business men associated
with me and that w» will gladly refer you to
hundreds of people for whom we have done
business to their entire satisfaction. W13
BELL city and country property, lodging-
houses, hotels and businesses xtt alf kinds.
WINSTON &. WOLF- -I
1026 Market «t 102« Market st.
'Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
16 rooms; cor.; new furn.; payments.. $1150
20 rooms; rent $50; good furniture 1000
23 rooms; rent $65; /must sell 1250
28 rooms; corner; cheap rent 1600
23 rooms; rent $76; must sell..... 1200
50 rooms; new; corner; rent $200; elevator.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
ff°,i*i? rk^ t '} (Inc.).... Phone Davis 281.
J.eliab.e dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
• New houses to lease.
A CAMERON sTcol. ~ ~~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, Lnst with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
A — 75 ROOMS. n*ar Market Et.;.'. 5C000
22 rooms. $1300; 20 rooms. - $1400; 56 rooms
$2000: 11 rooiBF, ?K»; 18 rooms, monev
maker. $1800: 100 others, e rms. to 220 $200
to S13,0C0. KRASKY & CO., 1040A Market.
23 ROOMS; all sunny: 2 floors; all full; steady
roomers: will sell cheap on easy terms. M.
E. RIVES. S16 Market St.; tel. Main 12S.
12 ROOMS; all sunny; running water: rent $50-
nice home on easy terms: money loaned. M.'
E. RIVES. 916 Market st; tel. Main 12S.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.— Some bar-
palns: $^ 1 5C0— 03 rooms. $2000—32 rooms;
•750 — 1C rooms. $1300 — 21 rooms. $600 20
rooms. $550 — 10 rooms. ¦ eo more, houses,
some bargains. In different locations.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and price«. in ail parts of the city eet
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 120G Markt.
LODGING-HOUSE 9 junny rooms; steady
gentlemen roomer*. 11(X) Van NessaveT
CARPET BEATIXO ASP
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer CaVpet-beat-
lng Work*. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40. •
American Carpet-Beating Works— Cleaning 3c-
renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpel-cleaning: Co.. 402 Sutter st • •
teL Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop!
RUDOLPH -CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. l<03 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
1 ,*" 8 Superior Carpet-cleaning Works. '>
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. - -
J. E. MITCHELL ' Carpet-cleaning and Reno- '
vattng Co.. 240 14th at. ; tel. Mission 74.
" ._ *?^*'.?'. . y -— ggTr^jP-—^-~f~B 31 ALE—Cbn .
•' WANTED— 4 cooks?, $30; cook and second girl
: ¦ same house. . Menlo . Park, - $30. . $25, . see ladj
e , ;at office , to-day; cook, small hotel, $30: t
¦waitresses, city hotels, $20, ?25;, Infanff
nurse, ?25; man and wife aa cook and helpei
• on dairy ranch, $60; cook for ranch, '-ISO, set
lady here: waitress for Vallejo. $25. for res-
• taurant; 4 second girls, $20, $25; and a large
.number of girls for general housework at $20,
$25, $30. Applyto J. F.CROSETT & CO.,
. o34 Slitter at.
]- -T - ; — — — . ,
1 '¦¦ . ~~~ m ~ mm
FROM this date on and until further notice — e
- will Instruct Inexperienced hands the trade
of making -overalls free of ¦ charge;- will be
f paid while learning. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32% Fremont St. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
T — ! ; -
A SCANDINAVIAN or "German girl as cool<
and do' the downstairs Avork, sweep upstairs
once a week;, no washing; references; $30;
see lady at our offlce to-day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking
. on ranch, 35 mllea in country; ¦ good -wages
to right party. Apply 924% Harrison St., be-
tween Sf and 10 a. m. . to-day, s<<^
"WANTED— A young girl with some experience
on, skirts; must be a 1 neat sewer. Apply be-
fore 9:30 at 1821 Polk st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl;, help with houses
• work; small family; sleep home. 823 McAl-
llster at. ; ' .
WANTED— First-claas chambermaid and laun-
dress; must have good references. Apply 2123
Buchanan st.
FRENCH girl or woman, general housework;
wage3 $20; board and lodging. - 822 Mont-
gomery at. '.
WANTED — A girl to do general housework;
wages from $10 to $12. Call after 10 o'clock
at ai83 Mitalon st. - - . - ;,•/<,-.
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for rlpht party.
F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WOMAN, not too young, who can furnish ref-
erences, for a position of trust. Box U52,
Call offlce.
GIR.L for general housework for Calient*
HprlngB. Sonoma County. Apply to-day be-
_,*__£_iiL~_. J at aOOlJ 8even to« >ri th ut.
MACHINE operator* to work in factory on
uhlldran'w wash nulta/(]R6 Mission. 3d floor.
MACHINK operator* on children's wa*h nulta
__to_takit_work home. «.1« MIuhIoii m., fid flo<ir.
YOUNO girl. HMle't with, light housework: sleep
__oni^j»referred; <!»!l after .'!. 20/JO Steiner.
WANTKD— Bxperlenee'l WKlti-f>««: 7ftc per day!
with or without room, lwr. Jlalght'st.
LADIES wanted for iiramntlc enrnpnny' W«
teach you at 118'^ Ellin at., rooms 2 and 3.
OPERATORS wanted to tftke work hotneT 050
j^jcwlon st.. 8d floor.
OIRL8 to learn to sew on ladles' and children's
wenr. 656 Mission et., 8d floor.
PBWERS on ladies' waists ; good pay! 656
Mission at.. 3d floor.
DRESSMAKER wanted. 1236 Folsom tt,
WANTED — Neat, willing young girl to assist
with housework; 8 In family. 217 Third avet
GOOD waitress wanted; good waeea; steady
Job. 1201 Fill-ore st.
GIRL for general -housework and cooking; $20;
v email family. 1217 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady in ladles' and chil-
dren's wear. Box 4150. Call.
AT Pacific Halrdresslng College, Murphy bid., r.
94;halrdres8..massage,manlcur.,wig8, switch.,
etc. ;course,$5;2 wks. ;posltlon secured ; day, e ve.
GIRL for housework and cooking; $20; no
washing. Call mornings, at 614 20th st.
GERMAN girl for general housework ; small
family. 48 i Frederick st.
AMATEUR performers wanted. Apply at
Chutes at 6 o'clock this evening. . 1.
TOUNG girl to press children's wear. 220 Sut-
ter st., room 25.
BUTTON-HOLE maker; steady work at best
wages;' must be first class. BELASCO _
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market St. _^
WANTED — A strong; young woman as cook in
a small restaurant; $20 and. found. Box
4433, Call offlce. -
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls; inex- i
perienced paid while learning. 9 Hill St.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second..
CHAMBERMAID at the Manhattan House,
82o Battery st. '
WANTED— A girl to help around the kitchen.
Apply 2030 Seventeenth st, near Vermont.
WANTED — First class millinery saleslady.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m., at Hale Bros.
WANTED — Immediately, 3 ambitious girls to
learn halrdressing from A to Z In 2 weeks
and take charge of private customers -qdaere
you can earn $50 per month: course $5. ~jol-
lege. 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15. -
GERMAN woman as governess: state religion;
salary $30. Box 2904, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements ajtd
subscriptions has been established at 109tf
Valencia st. I " \ '£ ;
HELP WASTED MALE.
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary st.
.....' New Railroad Work
Free fare Free fare
. . . ./. .FOR NEVADA
.../ ..FOR NEVADA
500 t?amsters .$2 a day
500 laborers $2 a day
50 rockmen $2 a day
6 camp cooks '. .$60 and board
6 camp blacksmiths' $3 a day
2 foremen $3 a day
, . FOR CHATS WORTH PARK ......
100 tunnelmen, header and cornermen, drill-
ers and muckers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
....' Ship dally
Ship d_lly-
Fre» fare Free fare
2 tlnnera, country, $2 50 a day; gardener,
private place, country, $25 to $30; gardener
tor nursery, ?25 1 ....................
' Mnn and wife for country hotel, man to do
chores, wife to cook for « men, *W) «ee
party, here; tlpmal«ers, farmers, milkers,
choremen and others..
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Koa»t cook and broiler, country hotel, $7(5;
second cook, country restaurant, $35; fry
cook, hotel, $35; « waiters/ $3«' 50 to $38;
washer for hotel laundry, country, $45 and
found, fare paid; all-round laundryman for
an Institution, country, $40 and foutid......
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary it.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay Bt.
Experienced man to cans for dogs for shoot-
ing club. $30 and found; man and wife for
prlvato place, sec party here. $10 to $13;
house man for private family, $25; butcher
and slaughterer, country, $30 and found;
carpenter, city, $3 a day; b.uttcr maker, Ma-
rln Co., $35; milker. $35 and frco fare; wine
cellar man with city experience and refer-
ences; porter and cook lunch, saloon, $25 and
board; molder, to make sash weights; 3 Por-
tuguese milkers for Oregon, $30 and free
fare: waiter boy for boat, $15; chopper*. $45
and board; barkers $35 and board; railroad
laborers for sawmill company, $20 and board.
MAN and wlfo about country place; milker
and .wife, $60; milkers for San Benito. Men-
doclno and -Santa Barbara counties,- $30 and
found: • choreman. ¦ $15; stableman for coun-
try, $25 to $27 60 and found; 2 vineyard
men, $1 day; carriage wood worker, $3' and
$3 50 day; blacksmith, country shop, $50 and
board, and others.' * J. F. CROSETT & CO.
628 Sacramento st.-
COOK tnd wife, private boarding-house; board-
ing-house cook, $40; hotel cook, city, $5O; sec-
ond cook, country . hotel,' $35; broiler -$10
week; steward, country, resort, and others
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. /
ANDRE'S offlce, 316 Stockton st.— Four steady
men for pick and shovel . work, - private
.' grounds,- country. $1 a day and ' found ; -elder-
' ly man as tailor- for an' Institution, $15; sec-'
ond cook,. $65; etc. ¦'• '
1 BARBERfshop for sale—^Averages from $120 to
8 $130 permonth: established 8 years; shop and
' flat of -.1 well-furnished rooms, for family of
,4; rent $15; price $250; $100 cash, the rest $10
f per month at 4 per cent interest. < 10-35 Guer-
rero St. . - :. I . ( .
WANTED — Steady man to - take orders in
store, collect, etc.; In light, genteel business;
h will pay j $18- to $20 per -week; must- have
.¦ $150 cash. Apply 76.V Market st., room 3.
THE Salubrita Pharmacal Company Is desirous
of securing State, county and local managers-
salary and commission; , Call from 10 to 4-30*
:¦ Golden West 'Hotel. -room 136. -;.-;-.•)¦ -'" '
A RELIABLE man with $100 for a plain every-
day business; will pay about $70 per month-
. experience not required. Apply 1016 Market
:¦'* . St., j room: 10. . ¦> • . . . .-• ,
PHARMACIST -who understands telegraphy-
wages.* $60 and room. Address box 66 San
: 'Andreas, Cal. . ' '/¦-/¦? -. .. * .
WANTED— Long straw collar makers; also one
j sewing machine hand to work on collars p"
SHARKEY ¦¦&; BON, Portland. Or. * ;'
WANTED— Coatmaker, also s pants and vest
maker, to go to country, near-by town Call
; ; Detmer Woolen :Co.'.' 043 'Market :st.r- ¦/, ¦
WANTED— Steady young :. man as ¦ partner In
.--- light business; gjood wages -made c to start"
7 only, $150 needed. -.,? Apply 3.6 Geary. st.,' r.l. :¦-,
MEN : to . sell P.v.Wulft 's mustard pickles from
house ' to house • or stores. , Apply at ; offices.*
¦;", 211*4 Bartlett Bt.--v.-..v.- , -,
WANTED^-Sober, • reliable • young ¦ man . -with
--•somo.'cash;'no experience necessary; $13 to
'$15 week;, steady place. Bro— n, 1221 Market.
SAX PRAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
IOJl. oorner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in. the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
forcer Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes fitreel; open until 1V.30 p. m.
•53 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
::i5 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m -
1041 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
_W1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
JUti Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
l(»G Valencia street: oi>en until U p. m. _ -
Northwest corner Twenty-second «ind Ken-
tucky streets; open until Jp.ni.
22O0 FlUreor;- street; open until 9 p. m.
MEKTIXH XOTICES.
MISSION Chapter No. 7». R. A. M.— _
M-eriai meeting THIS (THURSDAY) A^
EVENING, 7:"0 o'clock. M. M. de- T£Js
tret- b*- order of the H. P. ~^ 1
' JNO. R. HILLMAX^ Secretary.
California iAjdge No. 1. f. & a. ¦
PM. will m**t THIS {TKURSDAY) J*^
EVENING. March 13. at 7:30 o'clock. /t/C
Kiril degree. By <rder of the Master. *i~r '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. & M IS. »
— Special meeting THIS <THURS- Jl
DAY) EVENING at 7:S0 o'clock. W_f
Third <>gre». Master Masons cor- fVl
ciallr in\itcd. By order of the W. M.
FltEDHRICK BARRT, Secretarj-.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. _~
212. 1". & A. M.. meets THIS _i\_
I .THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 JLJ?
<i'c!o<*k, for first degree. By order of i^W '
the >ia»ter. E. C. HARE. Secretap-.
flHli; Lodire No. 216. F. & A. II.— _
t-t«?oial meeting THIS (THURgDAT) __PV
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- J__Sf
gr*>f. MaKter Masons are invited. By /^r«
order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secret8ry /
AST GRANDS' AeFOciation. I. O. &*#*!%&, "
O. I 7 .— Th' H'gulBr quarterly •r^o_v^cr
•¦ . ¦¦ 1 1 :i f \< U! be h'-l<I In Fraternal '-ZPJFs&S?
lull. 1. O. O. V. building. Fill.
PAY FiVKNIKG at « o'clock. A« proceed-
inc» are rxp^-teii to bs unu«ually interesting
• good, attendance is requested. Secretary
•vili l>e in uxit nJar.ce from t:'M to receive
<1u<k a.nd <-nro|| new munhew,
V. L. TimPlN. President,
w. T. WEBB. Secretary.
vr.ruM r*ncKNA~i— dg<» no. is. j.
<¦ .1 I" -M..Ml>, E TlllltSl.AV
r.\ t 'NIN'S. March 13. IHO2. j:n- -- i 2$V%£T
frtslnnirm flrrt r>t lt» kind. All 'V»«v5~
«'«-lcem». R»frfRhmenu.
YVIL.UAM P. HUMP11RETS. N. 0.
w. w. <*nosH. nro. hpc.
1 <« " r lnltntor> .i.-ec- ii>- »^y_rt5&.
MMrtci No. <;'. irsn, Tins S1J3KS'
«THt'nsPAVI KVKNINO. I). 1^
n.'O. M. ini»«.|» *1|I exemplify ttrrei work.
Bm BrohwU nlll drllver *n B-ldrew. VUU-
tftg trf'th<-rii Invited.*
K. C. ANDRCW*", N. G,
MA. MO.'LAIN. R«»a Hre.
wcorTv'cN -at th? n —~n
World, Golden <J«le
< »mp No. <;4,- - rT&^\tSZ^Tin£\
M«-mb»-r* sir hfre- k N£_____L_g__J
<h* funeral rf fur
lut* n'lehbor. ANTONB L BNELUND.
from th» j-nriore of Joseph llagnn. 1707 8ae-
'¦arnpnto rt.. near Polk *t., THT7RSDAY.
1". «t 2 o'rlork r^ m. Services under
th* auFplcon of the r»mp,
Trios. .1. BAKBY. Consul Commander,
p., OLIVER JR.. ClTk.
UACTEA MarlnerB 1 Benevolent Abso- *— ___
cisition. —Regular meeting will beA*!r^»
held at hall. 320 Po*t *t.. at 7:30 p. i/V*___»
m.. THURSDAY, March 13. All
membern are re-jtiesteil to be present, ae im-
roitant bU5lncEB win come up for consldera-
_J}22: ~ RApyq » n « c - Sec -
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. I. Knight* 2_~~
of Pytbla*. will celpbrate the ifc.d T^
snn!vfr£8ry of the institution of the 3WS*
Ivlse. THURSDAY EVENING. _^sl^
March 13. «t I'ythian Caetle. J>09 Market st.
Visitors v.-ill be mart cordially welcomed.
¦ -- FR _ > '^_ A 1 BROOItS ' K - of R - a»d S.
THE S. F. Pcottl^i Thistle Club ».
meets THIS (THrnPDAYi EVEN- Ji. Sifl
ING. at FratM-niiy Hall. .'12 O'F»r- 4XW
i*!l st.. at »s o'clock. Business of N *fiS' 1 »
imporlance.
JOHN II. MoINNIS. Royal Chief. -
CKORCE FULLERTON. Recorder.
AFSOC'IATED Veterans of the Mexican 11/4,
V\ar— Regular in^nthly meeting a I^__C
Hall, on TJfURSDAY, March 13, at i____*
'•;< p. m .; WM. L. DUNCAN, Secretarj-.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sujw Plan-
tation Company — The regular annual meet-
Ifr.a; of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
£ugar Plantation Company -will be held at
the offk« of the company. 327 Market St.. in
the city and county of Ban Francisco, State
cf California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
of Msrcli. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
«• m.. for th<> purpose of electing a board
of directors to mi for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of cuch other busi-
ness as may ccme before the meeting;. Trans-
fer bonks »ill rlo»e on Friday March 14.
VMC. at 3 o clock p. m.
m H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.,
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. M. Lonsrnecker. in the Taylor
Claim and Hull Claim Mines, near Geneesee.
Plum as Co.. to deposit tailings in Indian
Cre*k or a ravine tributary thereto, and
from the Channel Found Gold Mining Co., in
their mine near Lincoln. Placer Co.. to de-
posit taillnss in a. dry ewale below the mine,
gnes notice that a meeting will be held at
room Ui, Flood bulldinr, San Francisco. Cal.,
en March 24. 1902. at 1:30 p. m .
NOTICE to Stockholders. Market Street Rail-
«ay Co— pany— The Union Trust Company of
S-sn Francisco Is authorized to receive until
next SATURDAY. March 15th. 1902. for de-
posit all and any shares of the stock of the
Market Street Railway Company upon the
Fame terms and conditions on which it now
holds mere than three-fourths of the capi-
tal stock of the Ma-rket Street Railway Com-
pany, under a certain agreement for the sale
cf said shares.
_!• w - HELLMAN JR.. Cathler. \
Ea.n Frajcltco. March 7th. 1B02. .
£; age vrs Lwa~tjsp.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or instir-
pn"*? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldy.
ASTRO LOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readin*i,-i
ty mail if detlred. Raymond, 227 Taylor tt.
~^rroa^KYg~AT law./
R. W.' KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
».Ki; all < u*»>. damage*, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partn^rahlrm, fcttarhnwua, roJlertion*.
etc.: lejral puperi drawn; consultation fre»;
bo ad\tnc* '•hargeii; open eve's; cell or write.
ADVICE tr»»: divorce* a ipf-laltr: fjulrV; qultt;
no rhtret wl:h'>ut »uecei«; e*t«.bll*hed 16 yra.
O. %V. HOWR MO^ MarkAt_a__?or. Ktcckton.
ATJVJCE free; no charge unless ¦uccetsful. wT
— ___. A .y i^ sc J X - < iKt7 M* 1 " 1 ** 1 ¦*•« °PP- Maeon.
ADVICE free; op*n every evening; low fee«; ¦
all ca«e«. J. M. THURfeTON. 811) Mtiket «t.
L. fi. CLARK. Emma Epreckeli bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket >it. ; cm«»it«tif»n free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or IZxvtinngr:.
ALLEN Is selling Eureka bicycles fast "P«welN
e« thing oat: agency Columbi_.Monarch.oth-
ers: repairing-, bella. pump*. 301 Larkin st.
m BIRDS. DOGS, ETC. ~~~
tl'ARBLIKG canaries and all kinds of son*,
talking and fancy birds: gold fish, pet stock,
cape* globes, aquarium*: bird and animal
food of all kinds. IMC Market *t..bet.8th&0th.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
NURSE wishes childen 1 at lowest terma; large
gunny rard:r>hone; nr.school. 1BQ7 California.
BOOKS— NEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of ail kinds bought; libraries~purchased
H. C. Holmes, Ii4:< Market; tel. Howard 1846.
BISIXESS CHANCES.
A— $000; n ESTAURANT and chophou»»r-7ent
f_0: gcod plsr-e; 1 blook south of Market 3t
Call R. G. WILKE. 2t»i_ Kearny st.
A-«H00; SALOON, vicinity of Market and
4th ets.; net rent $40; good paying business;
oetab. >eara. R. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny.
A — »25»X): CHOP and oyster house, near ChroD-
trle; lease; Dlace clearing above $250 per
month: death in family cause of Eale See
R. G WILKE, 2b%. Kearny at.
A-tiOOO: DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
etore; established years; rent $20- stock of
first-class merchandise: win invoice $3000-
boBineBE known as a first-class paving prono-
___t*on. Call R. G. WILKE_3C% Kearny ¦ si
A— $050: SALOON and dnnce hall on Kearny
«t.; .': living rooms and kitchen; rent $33
Pauiculars at R. G. WILKE' S. 26^ Kearny!
A— $800;' BEST located saloon on water front-
elegant fixtures and a first-class paying busi-
nees; rent $40; investigate and you will find
» rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny.
A — 5260; CIOAR etand. with laundry offlce on
Third st.; rent $17 50; - dally receipts -110
8nd mere. All particulars of R. G. WILKE I
26«4 ' Kearny st. 'I
A — S>>50: CORNER raloon with 6 rooms; rents
*J5; surrounded by planing • mills, lumber
yards and r-'lroad shops: clearing _bove JlfKJ
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— SS5O; HARDWARE and crockery store with
plumKns ehop; on Fourth st.v near Market;
pood business; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE,
26ii Kearny tt.
FINE candy business. large -Ice cream trade,
tar sale; sacrifice. Box 4198. Call.
_g~LP- W.t5TED— MALE Con.
A — MURRAY- & READY. ..Phone Main 5S1S
'. j .Leading Kmployment and Labor Agents..
• OFFICE OPEN. .7 A. M
5 laborers, no experience required, $<;? and
found, see boss" here... •••
o laborers, steady job, $1 50 fare...$l 75 day
Man and wife for a gentleman's place, Santa
Clara County $ 10 and found
/ 5 basalt block makers, no quarrying, $4 to $."
day. see boss here <•
12 dairymen ana milkers, ?35 and $UO; gard-
ener, choremen and 5 farmers; 2 milk wager
drivers, $50; stenographer and bookkeeper...
.... WOODCHOPPERS-— GOOD CAMP
, 60 woodchoppers, SOc to $2 cord, virgin tim-
ber, cheap fares- 25 tiemaken, 10c and 12c.
••• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cock, small camp, $35. and four.d: cook, 3
men, ranch. 520, see boss here: butcher and
drive, country, $30; .5 cooks, plain hotel:-,
?40, $45 an d $5§; porter and cook lunch,
saloon; f) cooks country hotels, $40 and $50;
o waiters; kitchen help. MURRAY &
_ BBADY^tSj-Kiti Clay st.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable - energy and
push; good, opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — A cook to travel with a circus. Ap-
Ply to . Norris & Rowe's Show, Mechanics'
Pavilion. i
WANTED— Flrst-clas3 ladies' tailor; steady
work; $25 a week. P. VERDIER. 834 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS presser on coats. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO., S41 Market st.
EDUCATED man, knowledge real estate, want-
ed; cash bond. Box 4449, Call office.
IN T TELLIGENT boy. about 15 years. D. C.
.J^EJ^^Marke^st.. room 35.
WANTED— Young man with $250: tend cash.
restaurant; $60 month. BROWN, 1221 Market.
ERRAND boy. hardware store; electrician ap-
prentlce. 120 Eddy st.
WANTED — Three good collectors; permanent
position. RoomjjgO Emma Spreckels bids.
BARBERS wanted irT country; good' paying
_^_,°i^ _go_x _44SS, Call office.
WANTED — A competent printer to take charge
__ 5? f a l )r '"tlng office. Ad.ire— box 4456, Call.
WANTED—Ntght CMMer at 20 Stockton st.
ROY wnnted. 11 Q 7 ?^!! st.
Jf^NTBt^A rood^rand^oV^wifhTeferences. 1
___t,'l_ at Baron h. Ladles' Tnllor. 24 Orant *v«.
FIRKT-CI,AKS chrpel Uyer »n>l filter: Kteady
wnrk: guild pay. Kna Ocil.1*n Gate ave.
n/ itlj I n!i«7t Two clialr cou^ tr y » h °P *or •¦.!«.
nARnElt-2 chnlr xhop for naln: good locattoa;
_l'___*JI_i^il!_ J _l_Lj-' al ' offl *«-
WANTED— Recrultn for thVniarlne corps. U.
8 navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the age« of 21 and 85; not
1»«« than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 8 feet I
Inch; able to »peak and read English. Kor
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
SHIPPED free every day— Four-horse scrap«r
men and luborers wanted for railroad con-
tract, Wadsworth, Nev.; wages, $2 p«r day:
board $5 25 per week; $3 deposit required;
company will refund same after 28 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 900 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In demand:
only requires 8 weeks; tools donated: cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217. Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
. weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. ,Cal.
TOUNG men wanted to go whaling; no expe-
rience required. L. LEVY, Battery and
Jackson sts. .
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop; good location:
reason for selling, leaving city. Call 702
, Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted by the week.
Donohoe bldg.. room 12^ wages no object.
TOUNG German boy. some experience grocery
and bar.. Seventeenth and Eureka sts.
FIRST-CLASS paperhanger wanted: noney
other. SW. corner Devlsadero and Page sta.
AT 630 Market St.— Ex-soldiers to file extra
pay claims, etc. O. E. HOWE.
WANTED — Boy for wholesale. Address, stat-
ing age and experience, box 4182. Call office.
YOUNG men, blacksmiths, carpenters and sea-
men for ships at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — 50 men ' to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House, 543 Howard; changed hands. '
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. ¦ ¦ "
EXTRA pay now du« U. S. Volunteers. Call
¦ or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market, j
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand > army shoes, !
tiOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
TOUNG^fnen to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A." Bullls, 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
SAILORS, ordinary.- for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions \
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. -
HORSES AND WAGONS.
CHESTNUT driving team of mares, aged 7
years, sired by Reno Prince; very gentle,
stylish, perfectly fearless, free from vic« and
need no boots; broke single; easy to drive;
price very low. Apply to WM. G. LAYNG,
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st.,
near Third.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse.
Market, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co., 721-723 Howard st.
AUCTION— 20 well-broke saddle and driving
horses at Mascot Stable, 1108 Golden Gate
ave.. Friday, II o'clock.
FOR sale — Span of bays. 4 and B years; full
sisters; al*o<*buckbOHrd and harness. £262
San Jose ave., Alameda.
BAN ROSA saleyard— Horses, harness and bug-
; gles bought and sold: new stork always on
hand. 1400 Market ft., corner Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 0. Catalogues by applying to
M. L..FANCOAHT. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
PARTNER; half-Interest livery stable; all new
rigs; account other business. 2125 Mission.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey, harness, work.drlvlng horses. 15th_Valencla.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EOAN _ SON. 2117 Mission st.
FOR sale— Small livery stable; price $1600.
Apply 445 Valencia st. .
AN A. No. 1. express waiton. single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly.
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ' ' > . - '
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; *and for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$11 — SUNNY house 5 rooms, yard, basement.
Key at 2228 Geary it. \
$47 50 — HOUSE of 8 rooms: large basement and
large . yard. 1613 Bush St., near Franklin.
HOUSES FOR SALE,
NEW sunny house; 7 rooms; large basement;
yard; fine location; Portola. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stetner. Geo. Moore. 63 Portola.
, HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT."""
MRS. ¦ HARTLAND renews thin, faded ¦ and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great success : freer consulta-
tion. Room 33. Liebes building. 130 Post.
LOST AND FOCXD.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of 1 San Francisco, in th»
name of DAVIDE CAPELLO; No. 224-15si
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Diamond, sunburst from" Bush ' ' and
Steiner, via Fillmore-st. car to B.' B ' Hall
Eddy st.' Return to 222 California st. care
. S. Koshland & Co. : liberal reward.
LOST— Heart-shaped topaz brooch set in. small
diamonds; valuable to owner account a«so
• ciations. Liberal reward offlce Palace Hotel.
LOST— A large mastiff dor, near Mission and
Main sts. named Major; suitable reward 4tj
Steuart st. ...
LOST — Bunch of about 44: keys, "one key name
plate, word "Hail" , engraved. Finder return
¦ BERTON, 323 Montgomery, st. ; reward $2 50 *
LOST — Black cocker spaniel, license tae 27TO
Reward 000 McAllister st. B 3 '
LOST— On Saturday night,' pair of opera
glasses; liberal reward. L. SHORES «57
Bush st. -.: ?:>'.-;. \" _ : , . ¦-> ' .--,-¦'
LOST-^Gold Elgin watch; valued as keepsake"
Return to 238%, Oak st. and ned^ffi:
monogram B. C G.— . l ™"**™»
LADIES" gold brooch. Sunday, . on Alamoija
Piedmont cars; reward. Address bos 4200
Call office. '
BLACK doc: with white collar: owner can re-
deem by paying expenses. 21 Minna st.
IT will pay to "Re— ember" that th» CaiiSr"!
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutfer St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new wutch c-ises.
MATRIMOMAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1SS7:' reliable ani
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 7M Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
. stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest wori guar.
anteed. HOPKE BKOS.. 411 to 415 Poweil
st.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron, beds: Inattressea: pillows-, window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission: tel. Main 7.1f).
2XEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female com plainta;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected 1 ; the unfortunate helped; relief in a:t
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated ;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature: by consulting him sava
time and money. DR. G. W. O'DONSELL
__ offlce and residence 1018 Market, opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WTETH— Reliable ladies' specJaii'tT
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-r* 1
teed; homo before and durins confinement?^
Infants adopted. , 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, gyeclaliat. 410 OFarrell st
LADIES, consult the- original MRS. DAvTkS
at the- olrt office. 1228 Market st. ; 3O years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experienco In 3. F. $lx~
ternlty Home. POtt Market st.. cp 4th; Ho low.
HINDOOHERB ar.d MR3. DAVIES' original*
method of treatment; maternity home; homa
in confinement. 1L26 Market at.. 8. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 11 IS "Market— Retlabliladies 7
specialist; a private homo before and durins
confinement; bsst medical care; low fees.
DR. RO.sk.V Indies' reliable and sincere spe-
clalist. 1007 V, Market: avoid delay; tlO-
DR. NG TOY KKB, 210 Stockton St.. oppoalt*
Union aguarw: all diseases cured by n«rbs.
MIXES AXD MIKI5O.
TilE grandest chance ever ottered la now npeo
for, a good party to act as director In open-
ing the "Wubash Mine." near Amador. on
mother lo<lc, near Keystone mine. Koom 40tt,
annex to Call. J_______ _______
300 MdNT^U*MA"share«il^2Fc^tV: Wcrmeel
owner n«#dd money, nox 4-1SO, Cat!.
GEO. D. CAMi^ElitT. IftT^fTT^minTrblr^sr
______________________________________L
MISCELLAXEOIS— FOR SALE '.
BOILERS, engtnett. 2d-band machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 105-11)7 Krem ont st.
15-K.VT. WESTIXOHOUPK Effln*rator. . ...*9.V»
200 llffht generator, englns tnil boiler... %500
8 h.p. bolter and centrifugal 4-ln.
pump, belt, p!p», otc ,3200 ,
25-h.p. boiler ani rntttno. complete J2T*>
49x16 return tubular boiler.. $23O
40 h.p. fire box boiler (locomotive) $175
6 b.p. vertical boiler $00
H. S. WHITE. 130-133 Beale st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents »ear, machinery, eiw
gines, boilers, water pipe*, shafting, pullsys,
etc. TVHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st. '
BAR fixtures; bis stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th#
B— tnswlck-Balke-ColIender Co., 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 38 bust; ele-
gant quality; condition -finest; cost orlffl-
nally $275; for {120 cash Box SS06. Call.
A — $3 6<T DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dreas panta, i2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437^llontgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN jacket for sale for $63. Port-
. land Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st.
ROLLER canaries, breeding eases and young.
reasonable; moving. 018 Hydg st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 56.". Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
12 H. P. engine, almost new: only used threat
months; very cheap. Box 4153. Call offlce.
13x19 Gordon. $125; we buy. sell or trade in
printing materials. HOAG. 151 Second st.
BOATS, launches, rowboata , carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO., 110 -Monfgy.
GET your shoes half-soled while- waiting: 25o
to SOc. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.'
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ptc-
tures: BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po3t St.
"Wall paper 3c. worth 10c; paperhangir.j. paint-
tng. Merlgan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine:
good order; complete; cheap. 1015 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery
J. BURKE, 130 Beale st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 0 Stevenson.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sen*, to any addre33 in th»
- United States or Canada 'one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WILL say cash and good prices- for old seal-
skins: address at once; will call anywher*
within 25 mllea of city. Box 3276. Call offlce.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Offlce. 25 Stockton St.: phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED — Second-hand fireproof safe In good
condition. Box 4438, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.: tel. Jegala 2SM.
MO5EV TO LOAN.
A— HERM AN"_UR^K^6^6H*_x^i_eT*5« '
$4,800,000 at Lowest Rates....... *'
On First and Second Mortgages
On Llfa Interests tn EstaUs „
Property Being; Held in Trust
Undivided Interest* In Re»t Batata.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Ptob*t«i
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF TOU NKID MONET
8e» HERMAN MURPHY. 601-802 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.) """
$300,000 at 5!4 and 6 per cent In sums to suit:
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real esuts and legacies; will pur*
chase abov» securities. Ttl. Red B024. MAN*
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldr.
ANT AMOUNT' AT « PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages „
Undivided Interest in real estata Is prob-t*. .
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
.R. McCOLOAN
Montgomery tt., room 3
ANT proposition, any amonnt; 0 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legaclas, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Qraat are., nea?
Geary st. ; phona Red 1603. . >
H ?Jl Hl4T res P«ct-ble private placa to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 341
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branca la Third.. J
ANT amount on furniture, pianos; no removal*
J,°,~est rate; private, confidential. ORMSBT
26 Montgomery et., room 7. opp. Lick House.
* 5 2?'-5?2n AT 6 per cent^ In « um » to suit In city:
51^0,000 on la— re ranches at fair rates- sec-
ond mortga. R. J. Mercer & Son, 412 Vine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER. 30 Geary st.. room T(C
A PRIVATE party loana any amount on furni-
ture, pianos : no removal ; low rates ! conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson' s). 1710 Marked
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCT-Loans to salaried
THE TOUSLET COi....r3_^S__ S%
fe'i: -_, SSS-S, £g£
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. . roW I*,
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvat*
_tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. .{Ql Jones..
W^.^^ygdgg^^^^_?
__iig__g___jg^a«gff. Tt
M mLr l0 t ne _l 'x} &rl^ pe °P le wltho «' security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
buy it. E . RUDELL. 222 Sansoma it.
7 °r •*---: no tndorser: Eaatera
piaa. Western Loan Co., 300 Fhelan bids.
J SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
' Tues..- Fri.. Sun.. S {Km.; f>0c. 10S4 Bush st.
• MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance*, bus. medium ;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
• letter. ?2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car. '
'MJtE. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
. I to-night; 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
1 Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
; hoblt cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
; ! EDWARD EARLE; S28 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1 C01 ; seance Sunday and Thurs.
\ FRIENDSHIP Hall.. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
5 Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
> CLAIRVOYANTS.
MJIEr^l~BERNARrT ~~ ~~
: THE FAMOUS
• Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
1 located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldr.
I She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
; i description of the past, reveals the present, hap-
j-eninys ana portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are' Jn trouble, discontented, mi-'
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-tic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you 'will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
1 up; .satisfaction guaranteed. . Tel. Black 4569.
A — 50c and SI. PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
I scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers'- quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry, how to win man
or woman you love; mail SI; send date birth,
lock hair, 6 questions. 1007% Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
2fi; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally, and Sunday.
FREE! FREE! FREE!
PROF. BROCKWAY, PROF. BROOKWAT,
1052 Ellis St., bet. Franklin and Cough.
ReadinKS free between the hours of 0:30 and
11 a. in. Other hours, fl. ,
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant. tells J
past, future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; open Sun., 10 to 8 p. m. 2Jf>»4 6th.
ISMAR, the Egyptla/i Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
poeitft Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. in. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. tn.
A— M IH8 *M~WI iTlkT n2(!A~~ EiTis7~cli»i r voy h nt.
rryntal «rer; rcadi your life cornjetly without
'Hies.; full name*; ftfle-ll; 10 R,m. to fl p.m.
JvlMH. IIAVENNA re"au7llfe fluently fbunlnm»«
advice; jiarnrH given; 2Sc up. 5 Fourth Ht.
MnsT^TACQlTK. trancT"^^?!?"*: ~poYm7st"ry
*1; J^wrd reHdlng. 2.V & f>Oc. n«m nth t«t.. r. 12.
MMR, ODELL, clairvoyant, curd reader; oust.,
present, future ; _ We, <i. Me. ri2l!4 Jsddy.
MltS. BROWN, rUlrvnyant, rard reader; In'rllrs
26c. gentw 50; rcndlnyw dally. 132 fllxth Bt.
MRH. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no payj 2Sc and 50c. 704 Hownrd. cor. 3d.
CLA I RVOYANT, caTd reader '"'frotri LoufsTanaT
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2C12 Minna »t.. nr. 4th.
CAPE NOME.
FOR freight and passage to Cape Nome and
Yukon River points. Call or writo C. F.
MOORE. 935 Market ft., room 6.
j COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyT~6th
floor, 016 Market st, ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
.^EORGE W. KELLTTS Agency— No charge
unless surcessftil. Room 310. f>27 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
{ HAYES, 1715. nr. Central ave. — Co/y, modern,
.sunny cot. : 5. rms.; yard, cellar; G. G. Park.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. tTsThiggins~ 827-Market stt Enuna
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-,
able prices; i£re gold fillings, $150; other
1 fillings, $l;gold and porcelain crowns, $5
• up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
l ural and guaranteed. $5 up. |
j Painless extraction.
j I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
I EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
• and fillings : extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years*
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and , guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLirjIC.'S09 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our spectalty;gold
f crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
op; offlce hours. 0 a. m. to 0 p.- m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators:
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 60; filllngs,50c;
plates |5, full pet; all work painless and war-
i ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.'
SEE my new pink ivory plates', see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown. B4 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. S3; fillings, 50c.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk St.;
crown and bridge work: gas specialist.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st. ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ,
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext.. 50c: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1010 Market st.
DOG HOSPITALS. ¦ -_
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF^ELECTRICAX i "eNGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post it., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— fa per month; $fi0 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
__newjypj>Tk-rlter^; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S BCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough counea; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free,
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; ref' •nees, President Jordan or any
Stanford pro.essor. Phclnn building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHEIt-
MAR8H COLLEGE". Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
AT the last test at H. F. Bus. College, Miss
Stevenson wrote 202 words a minute, 1 new
law matter; read perfectly: Oregg shorthand
Is the fastest,
ACTING, elocution, specialties;- Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing pn-
sltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell- st. -
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; cst. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall,
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and . college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; (positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin s,t
— — ! |i :
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fllippe'sAcademy
of Languages.320 Post ;eetab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar.- mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433.'
MART P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. ' 39 Fifth st;
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, r.r. Oth.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery, at.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good,
teacher.- 1008 Mission; instruments ¦ selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
• Pitman shorthand, typing,. bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S..F. ;
founded lKfiS: new 80-nage catalogue free.
/EMPLOYMENT OFFICES." ~^~
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning7^ooka :
' and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo. .
KinoEhita, 1223 Page, cor. Lyon; teL Fell 8501;
CHINESE and • Japanese Employment Office-—
Best help. 411 VjO'Farreli St.; tel: ; East 4_C.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab.? 20 ; yeais. ;
• Tel; Main 1997, BRADLEY & CO. ,',040 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce,' 415 Stock- '¦
, ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, ; reliable help.,
JAPANESE and '. Chinese be_st ' help ; -' cook and
waiter. • 421 Poet. GEO.~ AOKI ; • teL * Bush' 135;
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
- flee; all kinds help. .315 Stockton; Main 51S3;
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish? most
reliable help. B24 Bush^st. ; tel. 516. .. • :¦. ¦-. ¦
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese," Chi-
'• nese help.' 426 Powell, nr.Sutter;t»l.Blacl4 5072.
KMPLOjraiEJVT WANTED— FEMALE
A — RKSPEOTAfcJLii you n_~ - ci rT~BOOd refer-
ences. . wants -¦: position ;¦ - Hrst -class, ..cook
A meriean or German private ¦ family or fin«
t-ity or rouTitry; wasres 510
Call "70 Capp;at., near, Nineteenth.
WANTED— By a comiDetent woman, a^positior
fas housekeeper or as attendant on an invalicl;
~best ".of references. Call or address r 745^
McAllister St., S. F. ¦. No objection to-. Ala-
meda, Oakland or Berkeley. - .-¦
A COUPLE, wife first-class German cook, mar
handy as porter, waiter or outside man, wisr
situations." "ANDRE'S 316 Stockton st.
phone Main 1304. ; - - :
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper: good worker; first-
class laundress; can do almost any kind oi
wash; strong and willing;, work by ..the day.
Box 4454, Call of flee;, wages, $1 10.
CAPABLE woman wishes work by the' day
washing, - Ironing or cleaninff; no postals.
Call at 176 Seventh st. -¦¦• ¦
SITUATION wanted by German girl as cook
in an -American family; good reference; -Bos
4453. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED stenographer ' desires ft posi-
tion ; _ood references. Box 8661, Call, Oak-
land. . ..-¦¦'
A TOUNG ladj- desires situation to care for
'Invalid, or companion; ref. Box 4444, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
housecleaning. 86614 Harrison st. ______
DANISH srirl. is a firat-class cook, would like
place as cook; wages $25-$30. Box 4448, Call.
DRESSMAKER and tailorTby the day, $1 50 ;
, relifilng. reblndlng. 593 O'Farrell st.
CULTURED and highly educated lady, with
best credentials, wishes position as resident
governess. Apply box 4438. Call office.
YOUNG German woman wants work by the
day. 215 Hickory ave. -
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; perfect fit guar.
anteed; terms reasonable. 760 McAllister et.
WORKING housekeeper wants situation. Call
or address 31 Van Ness ave.; no trlflers.
'POSITION as infant's nurse; no objection to
country: be-<t of references; flrat-olass wages
expecterl. Address Nurse, Call Branch. JOB
Kleventh St.
JAPANESE iflrl wants situation as cook and
housework; wages $5 up. YAKI. 471 Jessie.
WINCHESTER House744 Third St., near MarT
ket— 200 rooms; 2Bc to fl R0 per night; 91 DO
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; fre*
bus_and baggsKo to and from ferry,
WANT HtiH nnd HUbiirripTtont taken for The
Cell nt Knton'n Itasaar, 03!) McAllister «t.
CLABRiniSl) itdvpitlM-iiirtits and mibscrlptlonn
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fllimore.
A BRANCH offlca for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hint been established at 109A
Valencia «t. • . • > '.
WAM'KD—MiCiriB.
OR OMAN man and wife would like to take
charKO of Rmnil pIhcq In the country; man a
good farmer _nd well experienced In making
and keeping wines; wifea good cook: refer-
ences Address 2.J7 Minna St., In rear house,
No. 14, •
SCOTCHMAN, aged 30. recently dlscharped
from U. S. army, excellent character, desires
situation as timekeeper, watchman or gen-
erally useful man In warehouse; small wages
to start. Box 4442, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS young man, strong and willing,
can milk, understands horses and gardening,
handy with tools, ' desires work anywhere.
Box 4177. Call offlce.
FARM hand, a strong, -willing young Swede,
age 20, wants position; good milker; handy
with tools; knows how to raise vegetables.
Box 4146, Call. , -
RELIABLE Danish man and wife wish posi-
tions; man B-ood gardener and stableman;
wife good, cook and laundress. Call 530
Kighth st.. Oakland, Cal. '
COMPETENT dairyman . and general farmer
wants position as manager; familiar with
milk and creamery business. Box 4461. Call.
EXPERIENCED bartender wants position;
beet reference. 4445. Call offlce. ,
A TINSMITH, first-rate workman at all
branches of the trade, wants a Job; city or
country; wages to suit employer. Address
Sheetiron. box 4441, Call offlce.
HOTEL and barman desires position in the
j country with hotel or summer resort; refer-
ences. Address box 4184, Call offlce.
CABINETMAKER' and carpenter, age 45,
wishes work In an institution, hotel; any kind
of work. Box 4436, Call offlce.
CAPABLE stenographer desires employment at
moderate salary. Address SCHUMACHER
& CO., 621 Market st.
— ___ : ¦> '
STEADY, reliable man ¦ wants position as
watchman arid elevator man. 725. Utah st.
SITUATION wanted by a large boy 16 yearn
old; can take care of horses; would like to*
do any kind of work in country; good' home
preferred. Please call or write , to 1278
Twelfth ave.. Sunset District.
A GOOD reader, correspondent and nurse of
traveled experience wishes to attend on an In-
valid; no objections to -country; Al refer-
ences. Box 4151, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED German gardener wants posi-
tion as such and take care of place gener-
ally. Box 414S. Call offlce. ,
EXPERIENCE mine blacksmith wants work
on gold mine. Address N. P. WINTER, 1020
Howard st. ' . ¦
PRACTICAL gardener, good worker; refer-
ences. Address -box 4181, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2800 FUlmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
: C jB~CHAXGE A
TO exchange — A fine city lot for upright
v piano. 11 City Hall square. ,
FINANCIAL. ......
PACIFIC ulnderwritTng i^rus"rc^r(inc.^^We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted 1 ; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co..326Po»t.
FLATS^TO JLET.
$17— SUNNY upper flat,* fl rooms and bath,
modern, f 16 .">o — 5 rooms and bath. House
• In Larkspur, furnished. 13 rooms, cheap.
PATTERSON, 11 City Hall square. ¦
A BRAND new. « room* and bath, facing
. park; low rent*. 75(1 to 760 Hixth ave.; Mc-
Allister, Geary or Butro can to door; keys
opposite , premises, ¦
A- ItEHUCI'D rents; swell now flats, facing
Golden Date Park: 5 to 8 rooms each. SOO
to B20 Frederick st., near.Htanyan.
2 ELEGANTLY , fitted up sunny flats; corner
Pierce and Page sts. ; 6>room flat, $25; 5-
room, $17 50; very healthy neighborhood.
SHOTWELL. 20, near Fourteenth — Sunny mld-
dle flat, 4 rooms, bath and yard; $18.
MODERN corner flat, 8 large sunny rooms and
attic. 1002 Page st.
SUNNY uorer flat; 4 rooms. 416% Hyde St.;
key p.t 418 Hyde.
FLATS TO LET— FUKSISHKO.
BUSH, 1960— Newly furnished modern flat; 8
: rooms; rent reasonable. Call bet. 10 and 4.
GOLDEN GATE, •] 517— Flats 4 & 2 rms , pan-
tries, closets, piano, garden $25, $15; 1 to 4.
furniture; ' for sale.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. Kjng Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE W ANTED.
A'. WOLLPERT, .773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
\ GLOVES.
D.\& F. BLACK suede glove; best in the world;
: warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
; HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
A— MRS. M E. DAY & CO.* .Phone Main 1575
. . . : . . . . . ' HOTEL DE PARTMENT V. : . . ..V .
Waitress, north," $22 50, fare paid; waitress,
$20 ; chambermaid, $20, same country hotel,
.fare paid: 2 waitresses, south.' ?25,; fare paid;
'6 waitresses, city. $20 and ?25; 2 waitresses,
-hotel, city.. $30, sleep home; 3 chambermaids
to wait, $20; chambermaid. $20. ......... v
....:.... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
4 cooks, city and across the bay, S30: nurse,
2 grown .-; children, and seamstress, $25;'
housegirl, 2. In family, In mountains, $25, see
•lady here; housegirl, 2 In family. • city, $25;
housegirls, $20. $25; housegirl, country, $20,
, no fee, fare paid. - ¦
; MRS. M. E. DAY, & CO. ...... .335 ' Geary "s'tl
A. '.WOMAN for general housework and cooking
in family of 2 and t child; -heavy washing
' f iSS^-w- £ a " ' betwe en 1 : and , 4 p. m. at
1182 Shotwell, near.. Twenty-sixth.
WANTED— Experienced operators ! on \ women's
wrappers : electric power; also to take work
home. MARKS BROS.. : 1212 Market st.- =-.-,
rO J?i NG 'fiX. wa -"ted for '; flrst-claas , ladies'-
tailor establishment; good chance learn trade-;
.will pay; :R.,BEDRQS,' 528 Sutter at.- -
WANTED— First-class * saleslady . for suit and
skirt - department ; , city , references. Address
N.,M.,.b03c 4451, -Call office.- ; -, . ..-- ..- ; -,
¦ >P^ AT Pll,U'i l . Bhlrt •¦' waists ; V V spring work.
BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Saasome^t. • :.,-¦',The Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco, Estab
lished January/ 1887.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
(OFFICIAL.)
Owing to. the fact- that numerous schemes
#re - placed before the public . from time to
time we would respectfully call the attention
of the purchasers of tickets to see that their
tickets read as follows: .
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE - LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO, ESTAB
/ . LISHBD JANUARY, 1SS7.
Each coupon .will bear the initials in large
letters. ' M. & F.,on the face of the tickets.
The following are the .capital prizes as de
cided-by. the, Honduras National ' Lottery Com-'
pany drawing-March 8, 1902: . No. 48,619. wins
$7500 sold in San Francisco, Cal.; No. 9S20
wins $2000,' sold in' Fresno. Cal.; Xo. 34.85S
wins $1000. ~ sold in ' San Francisco, Cal.'; Nc.
88 871 wlna $ 500, sold in . San Francisco, Cal. ;
Ncs. 4792 and 03,049 each win $200, sold In'
San Francisco, Cal; Nos. 20,092, 34,797, 51,078.
53 905. 95.530 each win $100, sold in Oakland
and San Francisco, Cal. •
Accused of Stealing Bicycles.
Adolph Chase, a messenger, aged 12
years, • was . booked by Officers Regan and
O'Connell yesterday on a charge of grand
larceny.; Chase visited* Oakland Va week
ago last Tuesday- and it. is alleged stole a
bicycle belonging, to George Wyman of
1094 Clay : street. Chase took the ; wheel
yesterday to. the store of A.' "WVBenton at
860 Folsom street to have it repainted, and
Benton, who ' had ] been previously notified
of the thefts identified- the bicycle .and
summoned the officers.
' Leon and Lester. Cabanski, brothers, are
being held by the police pending an invea^
tigation. They ¦ are suspected of having
Stolen three bicycles.
Late Shipping Intelligence. j
SAILED. ¦
- • Wednesday, March 12. V
Stmr" National ) City. . Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gualala. 'Olsen, — — . ttumf
. ' DOMESTIC , PORT. .
'- EUREKA— Arrived March- 12— Stmr Eureka,
hence March 10. and, sailed for San. Francisco.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES
100 numbers from 4S569 to 4S669 inclusive',
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30,000, $40.' ' ' ..
100 numbers from 9770 to 9870 inclual-re, be
ing 50 numbers on each side of the- number
drawing the capital prize of $3000. $24.
100 numbers from 34808 to 34908 inclusive,
being SO numbers ! on each side* of the num
ber drawing the capital prize of $4000, $16.
TERMINAL PRIZES. '", J
999 numbers ending with 19, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,000, $8. . :
999 numbers endinsr with 20. being; the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of. $3000. $8. . •'*
The subscriber having supervised the single,
number drawing, class C. Honduras- National
Lottery . Company, ¦ ¦ hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this' day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel,
with tho prizes corresponding to them. Wit
ness my band at Puerto Cortes. Honduras, C.
A., this, Saturday. March 8. 1902.- -•
(Signed) W. S. CABELL. Commissioner."
Philadelphia, Pa.. Feb. 19. 1902.— $13,000 for
$1. cne-half of first capital prize:
I solemnly -swear that I am the bona fide
owner of one-half ticket Not 28832. -which drew
$30,000 In the drawing of the Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company (Louisiana State Lot
tery Company), held Saturday, February 8,
1902. at .Puerto- Cortex, and that I bir» re»
ceived the full amount of- said prize.. $15,000.
which was paid to me in Philadelphia, without
discount or expense.
(Signed) ¦ JAMES R. MTJBPHT,
- ¦- . 1904 Federal St., Philadelphia. . -
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 19th
day of February; 1902. . ..
(Signed) ARNOLD KATZ.
Notary Public •
New Orleans. Ln.. Feb. 11, 1902.
$7500 for CO cents, one-quarter of first capi
tal prize : ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦
Personally . appeared before me, . Edward
Rlghtor. a notary public In and for the parish
of Orleans. Frederick S. Lyon. 1018 Camp at.
New Orleans, who being; duly sworn deposes
and says .that he is the holder and owner of
one-fourth ticket No. 2SS32 of the Honduras Na
tional Lottery Co. - (Louisiana. State Lottery),
and that the said ticket- drew the first capital
prize of thirty thousand dollars at the drawing
at Puerto - Corte*. Honduras. C. A., Feb. 8.
1902. and that, the said ticket was paid- on
presentation. (Signed) F. S. LYON.'-.
Sworn to and subscribed before me Feb. 11*
1902. (Signed) EDWARD RIOHTOR. .
Ndtary Publla.
Evansville. Ind.. Feb. 19. 1902— $7500 for Bt
cents, one-quarter of flr«t capital prize: • - - ¦ .
This is to certify that the undersigned is tha
bona fide owner and holder of one- fourth ticket
Xo. 2SS-KT. in the Honduras National Lottery
Co., the drawing of* which took place on F*b.
8. 1902. said ticket entitling the owner- to one
fourth of the first capital prize of thirty thou
sand dollars, being the sum of seven thousand
and five hundred ($750O> dollars.
¦ I (Signed) MRS.. CHAS. J. DAUM,
... : - 109 Read. st.
Subscribed and sworn- to before me this 19ih
day of Feb./ 1902.
(Signed) WILLIAM P. MIEDREICH.
: ' ..' . ' Notary Public.
St. Louis. Mo!..' Feb. 13. 1902— $2000 for 50
cents, one-quarter of second prize:
Gus Schueren deposes and ' says that he re-'
sides at the S.E. cor. of Tenth and Market
sts., city of -St. Louis; that he is the rightful
owner of one-quarter ticket No. 24096. which
drew tha second capital prize of eight thousand
dollars in the Honduras National Lottery Co.
(Louisiana State Lottery), drawing .of -which
took Dlace on Saturday. Feb. 8. 1902. in Puerto
Cortex, Honduras. C. A., and that he. received
to-day in -this city the amount of his prize In
full, without any deduction -whatever.
(Signed) GUS SCHUEREN.
Subscribed and sworn to'-before me this lStli
day of Feb.. 1902.
(Signed) CHAS. E. HANNAUER.
Notary Public. •
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by the
president of Honduras National Lottery Co.
(Louisiana State Lottery Co.).
H C Webb. .'Chicago
O R "Walker, Haywrds
G W Edson, Sacto
T F Mullyan, San Jose
W H Smith, Chicago -
F K Wallis, Chicago
M McFarland. Chgo
t, Woodward. Wia
R A Hardle & w. Wls
F Dawes. Chlcaco
H Reed & w. Wls :
F C Fox & w. Mich
L J Strait, Mich
Miss E Townsend.MIch
F Backassey, R Vista
F J White, L Angeles
W F Celger & w, N Y
P H Newberry, S Jose
j J McKlnnon, Mich
J F Swank, Visalia
R Mardsen. Coos Bay
Li H Barstow. L» Ang
E P Betnlck. N Y
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NUMBERS
-OF THE-
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Number, Class "C," Drawn-^t
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., ')
Saturday, March 8, 1902.
No. Prlze.lNo. PrUe.|No. Priz*.
187 16 323 161 347..... 24
427 16 5S5 16| 694. : 40
758 16 817 401 915 40
«08..... lti 1051..... 24 1063.:... 40
1091 ;>4 lltss l«i 1471 1«
1581 24 1680 1611734..... IB
1837 16 1969 241,1975 40
1083 24 1»S!).../. 16 2016 24
2043 40 2103 16 2167 lti
2185 21 2197 16 2332..... 16
2506 ¦'" 16 2610.'....- 24-2678..:.. 16
2691 24 2716..... ' 24 2847 24
2982 80 3005.".... 24 3026 16
30O4.. 120 3161..... 10 3205,.... 16
''8305..;.. 16 3321:.... 24 3429..... 16
3407 40 3508....: 16 3722..... -40
3737..... 24 3752 16 3865 24
4178 16 4197 16 4236 21s;
4336..... 40 4437 120 4473...... 16
4534..... 24 4738 40 4789 18^
4792 1000 4867 40 4924 16
4932 24 5129 •- 16 515C... 40
51«1 40 5173i...._ 16 6314 24
5352 16 5613 16 5686 16
5715 24 5944 24 6187 24
6210 • 16 6241 24 6479 24
6551 16 65u4...... 16 6566 40
6090 24 6853 120 6855'.,... 16
6920 24 6954 24 7183..... 40
7210 40 7368..... 16 7475 16
7696 16 7714 16 7765....- 16
7854 16 7910 16 815O..V.. 16
fel92 40 8258..... 16 8339..... 120
8423 40 84S5 16 8630 40
8648 80 8733 40 8903 16
8935..... 16 9015..... 24 9097 16
9140 24 9229^.... 16 0252 18
9741 *24 9755..... 24 0802 16
9820 8000 9929 16 10076 ljU
10378..... 8010431..... 16 10630 24
10777..... 24 10841.:... 40 10870..... 16
10884 2410964..... 16 11014 24
11407...... 80 11473..... 4011588..... 16
11703 16 11803 4011810 24
11860..... 16 12010 16 12060..... 16
12139 24 12146 24 12148..... 10
12217. .... 16 12295 16 12420. . . . .16
12407..... 24 12828..... 16 12992 24
13125 16 13224..... 16 13255..... ftt
13294..... 16 13356 24 13374 24
13439..... 80 13543 16 13792 120
1S840 80 13924 120 13960 80
141K1 120 14270 . " 40 14283 24
14383 16 14417 16 14537 40
14740 '40 14759 40 14030 24
14974..... .80 • .
15242 16 1541C 16 15756..... 40
15764 24 15790 .. 4015845 ,24
15047..... 16 16099..... 24 16232 16
16293 16 16433 1616660....: 24
16777 16 16784 16 16843....; 24
17049 1617092 24 17350 . 24
17375 24 17450 24 17607 "80
17647 40 17680 24 17738..... : 40
17810 2417903...;. 4017914...., 40
18090 40 18136..... 16 18155..... 40
18187 16 18192 16 18207 24
18349 16 18380 v 24 187641 40
18796 2418S05 v 16 18806 16
18950..... 16 10023 16 19100 24
10102 24 10254 16 19fT0.' 1«
10330..... 8019490 40 10491 16
19852 J6 10871 1620311..... 24
20382 16 20406 16 20425 40
20531 4020599 40 20674 40
20764 16 20783 80 20018 24
21049 24 21079 16 21470 16
21514 ¦ 1621539 40 21681. .V.. 16
21640.;... 24 21689..... 40 21800 16
21065 4021987... J. 8021007..... 16
22150 4022202. ..i. 16 22287 18 1
22427 4022575 16 22620 24
22873 16 22912 80 22936 10
22901 • 24 2:1005. 16 23025 16
2.".044 24 23062 24 23148 1«
23279 120|.Ktt23 16 23390..... 2t •
23584 4023781 80 23834 10 !
24023 1624097 24 24174..V.. 80'
24229 24 24298 80 24452 16 j
24456 - 4024486 24 24664 40 !
24727 40 24732. 120 24782..... 8<» •
24789..... 8025004 16 25006 40
25064 16 25341 24 25515 80
25644 1623713..... 16 25714 24
25719 16 25774 16 25032 24
26024 40 26002 400 26602 24
2CJ76 10 2CS62.:... ; 4027115..... 16
2*64 16 27298..... 16 27347 . 16
27638 1627643..;.. 2427868..... 24;
27916..... 16 27919..... 16 27993 40 I
28093 80 28378 80 28396..... 16 i
28445..... 1628474 .16 28484 24 i
28548....... 1628731. 24 28831 40 i
28907..... 16 28949..... 24 29000. .... . 24!
29171 2429279 ! 10 29374 IB!
29499..... .40 29604 16 29740;...; 16
29915 1629986. 16 29993. 24
30112..... 16 • - - - •
30154 24 30202.^... j 16 30281..... 80
30323 ". ¦ 4030308.;... "SO 30550..... 16
30384...... 40 30650..... 1« 30666 16 J
30702..... 1630721..... 1630836..... 40 !
30869 163CS91 16 30902 40 !
31014 16 31223 16 31311..... 16 i
31364 24 31372 1631494..... 40
31665..... 8031788..... 2431845.:... 80
32061 • 40 32009. •¦...' 16 32120 16
32135..... 8032188 16 32333 40
32343 16 32482. .... 80 32519 . 120 !
32554. 2432583 16 32701 80 i
32703...:. 24 32779..:.. 24 32880 40
32888...'.. 2432917..:.'. 40 32971 16
32981..... 40 33005...... 1633131..:.'. 40
33320 24 33336 24 33389 . 24 i
33612 16 33821 16133841 .16
34115....'. 4034160 40i34323 16
34444....;^ 2434512 2434562.,... 80
34630. .... 24 34718 16 34797. '. ... 400
34858-.. . 4000 34910 16 35059 IB i
350«ir.... 4035090 2435202..... 16 1
35276..... 10 35324 16 35374 24
35439..... 80135637 16 35715 16
35983 24J36178..... 24 36270.;... 40
3«20 40136627 40 36748 80
36859 16 37062 80 37113 24
37149..... 16 37154 40 37227... . 120
37523..... 24 37713 16 37739 24
37849 24 37852 24 37890 24
38070 . 24 38131 1S3S243 24
88300 8038562 24138834....... 24
38954 1639027 24 39034 1«
39272..... 2439327..... 16 39350 ..... 16
39361 1639378 1639381.... . 24
80303 24 30468..... 16 39512..... 16
39651.:... 80397S3 4039813....! 16
39835 16 40062..... 16 4C0S1 ....-;. 40
40085 16 40126 24 40133 120
40194 . 16 40225... I 16 40238 24
40335 40 4O423..... 16 40490::.':: $0
40542 40 40552 24 40553 "I 1«
40C57. 24 40839 16 41063 -16
41108..... 16 41122..... 80 41214 24
41295 16 41378...... 40 41434 ""•. 1«
41472 1641505 16 415U lfl
41662..... 24 41667..... 16 41855 24
41011 24 41911..... 16 42203 • ?«
42363 40 42373.... ' 4042382 "* lrt
fli::::: JJS::::: !8Sl
SBfc :«388 ;¦: a ESS k
43201 24 43239 16 43270 l«
43415 16 43369 24 43710 Ifl
43927 1C 44155 16 44201 "*" iS
4«01 24 44511 2444646:1:: 16
44777 16 44841 16 44868 ..".. ltf
45109 16 45192 120 45209 "• «A
45232 24 45253 16 43271 40
45312 80 45433 24 45470 """ 16
45475 1645555 24 45643 "•* irt
45665..... 1645678 16 45700 " •* . In
45868..... 80 45935 24 45907 40
46127 24 46106 40 "".
46268..... 16 46306..... 80 46375..... 80
46452 1646779 24 46952.: .. I 24
469S8 16 47129 80 47132 la
4J205 16 47336 40 47304. 'I 24
47430 80 47499 24 47654 £i
47(391...... .16 47705 80 47710 *"" IB
47734. «... 4047061 16 48040 40
48200..... 16 48222 24 48231 fg
48245 8048434....: 16 tam"'.:: It
4S4S3 1648484 . -16 48385 24
48619 .... 30000 48G39 1648832 80
48S45 .16 49158 16 49179 ..'.'.' 24
402O4 4049245 12049267.. I- 24
49354 16 49530 16 49735. Y. .. 40
49946 40 50225 24 50340;.! 16
60431 18 50686 24 50740... 40
50824 •24 50914..... , 16 51078 . 40O
61367 1651512:.... 16 51524 46
B1575..... 1651C04..... 24 51606 ."* 24
51610 • 24 51732 16 51739 .... 16
61785 4051034 16 51959 24
52178 . 1652281. 40 52.184.:::: 16
52386 16 52391 16 52474.. 1«
52408. . . . . 80 52568 16 52878 24
52008. .... - , 24 53087 ' 16 53151. . * 40
53203.V.V. 24 53405 16 53604..... 40
53650..... 24 53668 24 53860.... Jo
58880....; 2i 53910 16 63943..... irt
63JW5 4fK)540S7..."... 16 54192 la
54263.,'... 80154321 16154438 8ft
54510 • 16154601 24154614 lfi
54624..... 24154637.;..'. • 16|5465»:i"I 16
54784 40154947 40 55274 SO
65279..... 24155342 .80 55*56...-. ¦ l«
65623..... .16153823...;. 55011... ift
55012..... 24155931...... .16 56034..... 10
56073 40150171 16 56182.. 24
56293..... 40156303 16 5641R.. 40
56445 ' 80I5G4RO 24 56483..:..- 40
56692 10150773 16 5<!SC5.. 4f>
56070 80157115..... 24 57211 24
57428.;... 40157464..... 40 57602. 80
R7633. .... 40157648 16 57709 - 24
57844: .... 24157859. . ... 16 57979 24
58345.:... 16158477..... 16 58522 80
5SC03 16I5SS72..:.. 18138746.'.... 18
58753..... lO'JWOM..... 16159138 16
1WU80 . 12O1502&: 16)59306 16
60411..... 24| I .
n»434 40150444 16I5B463. . . . . IB
595.16. 40150545 16159006. 16
59740..... 24159992...*.. 16IG0043..... 40
60111..... 10100171..... 4C60275 10
60209...... 16160311 24[fiO316 16
60426 24160501...... 40160679..... 10
16160895 120161100 "4
81180..'...- .'40161241.:..". 40161314 . «> 4
61354. :... 80161381 -24161.1S3 40
61.186..... 24161450 4O'«U575. . . .. 24
61C09 16!fil728 24 «17S7 24
61817;...., 16161847. ....•- 16701030. .... 24
61045...;.- lfi:62175..... / 16162109..:.. 24
62300 . 80162326 24[fi2331 16
62371.. V.. 24162458.'.... l«ifi2409 24
63125..... 241C3165 2^163184. 24
6.1205..... 1616.1244..:.. 16!fi3233...... 80
6.1262..... 2416.1267..'... -80KBUR5. .'... 1«
63725..... -40163754..... 16163884....; -40
63919..... ".120t«3tt4V. 16l««S»40. . . . . - in
«4013..... 16I642O1..... 4OI64225..... 16
64000.....' 161C4537 16164068 10
No.-- Prize. I No. Prise. I No. - Prize.
64S48 16|61S65 V 120|«9Tt. .... 1«
64977 ' 40 65094..... ISiCStOD. .... V.
65203..... 120 65266 24|6X«3 43
65402.....'. 40G5442.;... S(J!tU>4*7. .... 21
65492...... IB «;."».~>.vt l&tioUU;:. .... ' IK
65702 12OJ65748 lt>7ti57tU vW
659O7 18JK6045..... ' 4O[66052. .. ... l-'y
6«13Z 24IB6174 ...... 4t)ltJt2-»0. .. .. 1«
66255..... .l«|66*03..... 24jtI6C&>>;,;» - : !«¦¦
66773 40167005 16[S7t>12 " r 2»;
67193 2467276...... 16107419. ..,. 1«
67479 I«5i67486 24|t.75t!t. . .'.: r*T5
67631 16 67824 ' 1«|«7SK8. ...'. ''*le'.
6785T....;" :iei«78SS. : ;v.. 2-l[tf7888. .'.i. ¦•¦ '40.
67965 l«;68043 ltf|68O44. '...-. 1«
68074 80|«S078 40;«.S12«. J ,.. 2>
68163. .... • 1668164 1«IP8:MS. .... "24
68452..... 24 68505..... 24P6S5.T7.Vi.'. 1»
6854;) 24|iW616 40!(iSXSD....i ' .V>
69180 16:69X37. lOJCOTW. .... M)'
69360 -40 69402..... 1«!«M54. ....' 21"
69630 24|60n:t3 24!e9770. . . .. 24
69787 40i60S6f..... 1BI»;9SM1. ... .. -I
69890 24I7OO46 ieJ70:»7 • lfi
7tt365 10 70517 24|7055t> 4LV
"0604..... 40 70600 ltt|70~:K>. . . .. 2*
70861 16 70936 40 70973. .".i. 4(»
71008..... -¦ 16 71085 16171172..... Tl
71191 18171207 80171242..... 80
71273 1671346 16171123..... 4O
71489..... 40171694 80|71»71. .... 51
71902..... . 4071909..... 40(71950 4O
71983..... 16 71984..... 40172227 " 4O
72355...;. 40 72469 S0| 72507.'.... 1«
72635..... .24 72735 24|7:tU$> 4«
73152 80 73223 80173235..... 2i
73471..... 16 73498 16I7TJ528 16
7354t..... 24 73704 16I7.17SH +1
73883. .i.. 16174031 16174035. ..:. IS
74000 1674468 24|7452S IK
74559 24J74573 241746B2 1»
74751 16 749.13 24J75168 12t>
75214..... 16 75273 16 75.H53 . . . . . 24
75408,.... 16^75582 24175741..... IB
75777 16 75809 40(75817..... 8«»
75852..... 80 75959 40176062 40
76332 16 76350.:... 24J76376 24
76387 40 76444 24 76«37..... 2^4
76631 1676700 24 76729,,... 40
76770...,. 80 76813 80176833 80
768S7 24 76889...;. 16176908..... 40
77069 24 77129 40|7714tf - 24
77165 " 24 77191 16 77228 24
77549 24 77575 16 77657 24
77682 4077688 40 77747 1«
77762..T. . -" 24 77822. .... 16 78033 40
78053 fl 1678088 • 8078124..... 40
78148..... 24 78503....... 24 78586..... 24
78626 40 78635..... 16 78670 80
78761 40 78760 40 78S26 80
78840...... 167S880 24 78932 24
79035 1679060..... 80 79085.... » IB
79270 24 70752 16 7896*5.... 16
80180..... 4080331 120 80454 40
80537 1680686 40 80646 24
80701 24180707 16 80769 16
80948..,.. ., 40181041 1681194..... 18
81235 8081309 1681386..... 24
814.12...'.. 1681504 16i8153S..... 24
81794 ' 24 820S6 80821SS..... 80
82192..... 16182201... ;.' 16 82233'..... 18
82266..... 2482384..... 40 82894..... 24
82890 4082905 40 82908...... £4
82950...... 24 83330 40 83445..... 40
83612 • 1683711 1683729..... 40
8308H. 4084063..... lti S4299. .... 21
84339..... 16S4412...~ 16 842SS 18
846G8 24 84706 . 16 84736..... 16
84779 1684834 16 84862...,.- IB
85000 8085113..,.. 40 85292...... . 120
S5320 2485367 16 85383 24
8545S 16S5491 16JS3513 * 18
85733 2485750 40185784 8l>
85731 24 86062 24186083 18
86208....; 2486297:.... 115,86348 18
86470....; . 4086544 16 86097 120
87095...*. 4087813..;.. 16 87328
87486 24 87726...... 16 87818. .... 18
87S4S 40 87966 16 88006 £4
88060 • 16188275 24 88501 40
88354 161*8400 16SS710..... W
88871 2000 89219 16 89301 4«
89404 16S9540 16 89600 SO
89722 16IS0765 80 S07S2 10
89831 16[.«»920 40 90148 24
90177 16 90214 40 9O269...... 1*
90320 24 90334 24 90339 40
90388 24190107.;... 80 00433 :.'...' SO
904(34 1690480..... 4090622..... 1«
00650 24|9069O..... 40 90033 18
91008 40 91236..... 16191291..... 80
91297 24)91316 v 80101353...".. r to
91565 80191580. ...-. 40 91608 -2*
91718 40 91783 80191001 .40
92014 24 022S0.;... 40 1)2488. ..... .10
92571 1692650 40192669..... IK
92S62 • 24 92967 16 92900..:., 10
93054..... 24193230 16I03282..... lid
032S1...... 16193338 16 03371 }8
»:M28..... 16193537..:;. 24 93R12 1«
03T13 16193687 16 93704.....' 11
03720 16|93865 16I9.1SSH) ' 80
03919 24i03949 1000|ft4O05 16
94060 16I94134 24IWU5 JC
94131..;.. 24194273 16 94375 16
94394 40194434 80194507 40
94552 24|»4682..... 40|!M780 10
05O:U 24I95O46 24195261 16
0537,2 40195444 16195530 400
95570 16195619 16J95668 40
95099 24195806 . 24195848...'.-.— 'IB
05987..... 16196005 16 9CC69....". Iti
060S7 - 24196171 24 90232 21
06275 .16106320..... 80196574 21
9«797 24I06910..... 16|969S4 IB
97040..... - 16197209 40197384...;. 21
37388 1*107438...... 80J97457. .... 18
97511..... 1BI97516..... 80197520 16
97664 80197738 24 07772. .<.. il
97773 . .-¦ 24197792..... 16197886..... 16
87923..... 16197971. ...i 24198077..... . 21
9S084 40198158 40198180..... 16'
98335.'.... 24198368...,. 80198481 lfl
08684..... ,,16198697 8098765..:.. 16
9S7S3. ....-• 24I0R877 40 90145 16
0918O..V.. lefOOlOS". ..'.. 16199349..... 24
99373.'.... 24J99712 40190819 18
THE SAN FBAXCISGQ CALL, THURSDAY^ MARCH 13, 1902.
11
J Ryal, Reno
L F Clark. Mich
W Scranton. Mich
Mrs Celger, New York
Mrs F Celger, N T
J C Hermann, Pa
L E Doolittle. Alamed
E Griel &w, Mich
P H Newberry. S Jose
G Canton. W Berkeley
H Crammer.' Conn
G Lymnau &'w, Iowa-
M A Hubbard & w. la
Mrs A C Lansing, la
Mrs A Thorp, Mont
Mr & Mrs S B Cogs
well, Iowa "•¦;.»
Mrs G W Kuch, Iowa
J Manny & w, Iowa.
Mrs C W Benson. la .
W B Niler, L Angeles
J W Hall. Idaho
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
* MUSICAL IMsTRCSiE.Vrs.
W ALL muft go without reserve. Sale open%
Mondsy morning at 8. First callers will *»\
trs-t choice of ISO pianos. Sor..« bj.t-ciai bar-
eains:
1 SoTnraer J2<j
1 Autiseil %zm
1 Neurnan < small upright) ......... ,$S5
1 Sherman & Hyde $b5
4 Chlckerings from ....$135 to $2 $5
3 Stein ways from $135 to $397,
37 Heines from $185 to $595
30 new upright pianos exactly the same as
offered aF bargains by others for $183 we will
tell for $^S. Only direct factory representa-
tives on the Pacific Coast. Agents wanted
everywhere. HEINE PIANO CO..
Geary st., opp. Union Square.
A GOOD idea in buying a piano is to be sure
that you ?re getting a. reliable instrument
from a reliable house who will be respon-
sible for it and pee that it is kept in order.
There are to many fakirs abroad in the land!
and fake tales are so often resorted to, that
«¦- purchaser cannot be too careful. We sell
the Wissner. 1-Xeker. Baumelster and other re-
liable pianos. You buy on the pa.yment plan
if you wish. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. -769 Market et.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and tern-.s upon uianos. please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but
ian offer exceptionally fine pianos and larg-
est assortment of b?st makes to choose froin
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealer'.'
<-or. Kearny and Sutter ets.. S. F.; Broad-
way «nd Thirteenth et*., Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— •
Second-hand uprijht pianos from $55 DD>
8econd-hand square pianos from $50 up
Recond-har-d onrans from $25 up; new upright
/ j.ianoe from $17* up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
Jk_ BON. 16 to CO O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling: pianos.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHA6E 30
O'Farrell Bt. : established 1S50.
SOKMER & CO. planes; Byron Mauzy pianos:
Lester pianos; Spielmann pianos; C«cilian
Perfect piano player; pipe organs. 30S. 310.
6MALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
rtght. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $279.
Bowers & Son. 23 Sth ct.. Ivers & Pond agts.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $85 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward; values best in the citv. PIKRCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of Th* Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 931 Market st.
AT auction prices. 37 pianos this week dirt
cheap; new and second-hand for rtorace ana
advances. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market.
3 LEADING pianos, Steinway. ChickerinB,
Weber, other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
WANTED — Four rood squares for halls.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post st.
2 ELECTRIC self-playing pianos; bargains.
BTROX MAUZY. 310 Post st.
HANDSOME 3-pedal upright piano; sacrifice
account unfonseen circumstances. 622 Eddy.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
w aew. JOS. SCHMIT2 A CO.. 16 McAllister.
f STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTA2 Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 T^tham place.
OFFICES AKD STORES TO LET.
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny st., $10;
also large store. Keys 636 Clay St.. room L
OIL.
OIL tanks. 2r.d-he.nd. in rood order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
PAIXTERS AND DECORATORS.
Booms papered $3 up; painting & tinting- dene.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d St.; teL Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. . J.
C. ROMAIXE. 640 G. G. ave.: teL Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13. The Vendome. 1104 Market
et.; hours from S* a. m. to 10 p.'m.
MRS. H. Ellenwood. scientific palmist and llfa
reading; 9 a.m.,9 p.m. 4S3 Geary, cor. Taylor.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Poet et., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist, B15
Taylor «t-. bet. Geary aad Post: tel. Black tK>l.
PARTAERS WASTED.
TKOOO^SaJLF "lnteresT^in^ld^^liah^d^Car
wine house; wholesale and retail; $1500 for
stock, rest with equal amount from owner
spent In Increasing business. W. D. KWKR
A CO.. 610 Clay st.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE TO ALL MY CUSTOMERS— I hare
opened a new, fine . etore for dry cleaning
works. Imported laces and embroidered linen
a specialty, on 1927 Polk et., near Pacific
are.; formerly Van Ness ave., corner of
Bush st. Your» respectfully, MRS. J. DORA
KIRCHNER, nee Epindler; teL Larkin 4013;
25 years' expertecoe.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these raits we make an extra pair
of pacts free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh, and Eighth.
WHT gruess? You can be certain of etyle and
fit by using Standard Patterns; April pat-
terns aad The Designer now ready. J.-W.
EVANS, Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr.6th
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Bt., near Market: 700 rooma;
25c to $1 50 per nlgfet; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and begrage to aad from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market, nr.eth.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chei.i lie-wove rues, silk portieres; dealer In
carpft twine, in bank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
i A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. t%
Ellle, makes colored ehirti to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
NOTE— March 12. 1902: A. Toso to-day buys
fruit store at 226 Fourth St., from L. F.
Serfcano.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. S2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 3310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
HAIR dressing, any style, 25c; first-class sham-
poo. 60c; hair dried in 10 minutes; switches,
wigg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
AT lers than cort, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
taHor. 721 Market Et.
Electrolytic removal cf moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. MIps C. Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn hairdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market.
b«*t. Polk and Van Ijpss. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric neeO. MIPS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF jour hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G S.Moore.3. 0 .20'Farre!l; send for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
ytars' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna' st.
PAPERING room, walls. Jl 50; painting $1-
¦tt-hitening, 75c. Painter. 315 Golden Gate av.
Masquerade co6tumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal eestumer. 20 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electri; & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatir-nt for rheumatism. etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
i*V"ECTRIC needle epecia! I Fts : superfluous hair
j fc rnrlee 4eKtrcye<3. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
SI*PKRFLT;OUS hair permanently removed by
elrrtric n*odK Mn?. M. HARRIS. 426Sutter.
EUFERFLUOUS hoir and moles removed by
c!?rtrir r.<*edle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70 Market.
AI-KRKWMi; Egyptian H»nna: restores gray
hair f. its natur-i! color: t-1: at all druggizis.
ONK VIMTr TOOTHACHK DROPS CUKK
itiFtsrt'y: IOc cr.rt C'x-. All druggists.
%S'f. I'.ricp*— Sup»rt!tious ha'r. mo>s destroyed
ty efrytrtc n*e<JU. !>CR Putter: tcl.Larkln317J.
M'X.'ITRADE <n<-turr,»j=. play books. wigs-;
<v<W*. GOLDSTEIN K- CO- 733 Mkt.
TA Jl,f »»s-M.A1)E.f'i!If. ?7 *.0; dreps pants. $230.
M '»¦;"» '"•'¦tbinjr I'arNr. cor. Bush and Dupoiir
2,i: J.AMf'TTjrP FRKNCH CORN PAIXT. Ill-
i^«» ,.-* r..-» ;>>• r ,n <1niggl*if.
!'}!¦> MtlA%S AMI SniGEOXS.
[:L'P j imE end rl'*"» cured; no psy until cursd;
no>>T*rcti'n: no <iPt?ntion from bi:sln?sr; ail
j^ri'-at*- <JiF«?at.eK treated ruccesnfully; consul-
tali- n frw. Drs. I'ord<?n& Porterflpld, C Turk.
A— lUt. OLIVK GnrVRri, lady physician and
tvtuenn. nt'nC? Market n.; hours 10 to 8. ,
I>!t O C. O'l^OXXKLL— Office and residence.
1<?I*4 Market Ft.; lrf>t. Sixth and Seventh.
sfoa.icR _ 4% l!?_J i y!L5iEI£5 >tsES ' *
i'«j:f{CK-r.0i;0I.PII Storage and Moving 'Co..
o'fii* Port nnd Powell st?.: tel. Main .1713.
OHM i r ;.\- \</I>T i^toisR* Warehouse, MO MIs-
Bica fi.: if!. Ilfiward ?U1. F. W. ZEHXUSS.
-^^TiKKIXS Van ar.i Storage Co.. «>30 Market st.;
te!. M*>in is-lu: •-bJpT?:rijr at cut rates. 1
PACIFIC Sterne*? an<1 furniture Moving Com-
fe-ny. 2--*° Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG— Con.
OCTAVIA. 1403~ corner Geary— Sunny bay
window; large closit; feas stovs; housekeep-
ing; complete. '.'.'""'
SEVENTH, 178 — Large, connecting housekeep-
' insr. rooms, yard, running water, stationary
• tubs. ¦••.-¦:_
SIXTH, 119A— (The Piedmont) — i connecting
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping! .
SIXTH, 1 23 Vi— Large sunny front room, house-
kecping allowed; others; rent cheap. . ' ' ¦
STOCKTON, 120(i — Model house; fine new fur-
niture; single or double rooms; gas and bath.
TURK. 130 — 2 unfurnished rooms, connecting.
fur housekeeping; 1 furn. room for kousekpg.
ROOMS'TO "T,ET — Furn. and Unfnrn.'
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
'Sunny; 75c day upward;, rates by . week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached. • .
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; f 1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. CC5 — Large room, nicely furnished; run-
ning ywater; one or two gentlemen.
BUSH. 725 — 3 light sunny rooms, unfurnished;
call evenings. ¦ ',-.'¦'.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 222 — Nice sunny furnished front room.
EDDY, 825— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
double or single; reasonable.
ELLIS, (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
35c, (1 50 night; $1 50, (Owk.; open all night.
ELLIS. IJ92 — Two large sunny front rooms,
elegantly .furnished, in newly furnished fiat;
private family; bath, phone, electric lights;
gentlemen only; no sign, ¦
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEART, 483 — Several well furnished rooms to
let. y
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges;sult,slngle;elevat.
HYDE. 408 — Sunny front suite, $17; also base-
ment rear suite, yard, laundry, $13. . '
JESSIE.; 363, near Fifth and Market— Fur-
- nlshed rooms, $4 and $5.
LINDEN ave.. 316, near Gough — Two furnished
bedrooms, separate; very reasonable.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary — Handsome suites ;
. private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK, 1539 — Ex^ra large front rooms; reason-
¦ able; private; every home comfort. . .- .
POST, 1418 — Front sunny suite; also pleasant
single room; modern conveniences; private.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to 91 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
'floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 2506 — 2 sunny front rooms,
unfurnished, for housekeeping. - -
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. ¦' ¦
SUTTER. 309— Nicely furnished rooms, $1 50
per week and up; transient.
TURK, 303 V4 — Sunny room, bath and gas; cen-
trally located. « •
TURK, 543 — Fairly large nicely furnished front
room; grate, gas and bath; clean and quiet.
VALENCIA. 1122— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; new flat; dinner if desired; gentlemen
preferred. . . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
, !l.OP?jS Arcp .POARP.
A — FREE printed list furnished rooms to let;
with or without board; we save you walking
the streets. Tourist Renting Bureau, 10
Montgomery st.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable ; phone South 829.
VAN - NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, tingle rooms; first-class table board.'
CORBIN (The), 836 Sutter— Nice sunny room
for one or two gentlemen; excellent board.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High-class hotel.fur..
suites or single; board optional; steam-heat.
JOHNSON, The. 605 O'Farrell — Nice home;
good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CROCKER, The, 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt.
NIARA. 615 Taylor- — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board: terms reasonable.
~~~~ PROPOSALS. ' :
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Office of th*
Veterans' Home of California, room 13, 320
Bansome st., San Francisco, Cal. — Under and
' in pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located. at
Yountville, Napa County, Cal.," and appro-
priating ?25,000 therefor (approved March
26, 1901, Statutes 1901, page 823), and In
accordance with the resolution of -the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12, 1901. the board
of directors of the Veterans' . Home of Cali-
fornia hereby invites and advertises for
sealed proposals for furnishing the materials
and performing, the labor for the erection
and construction of said hospital building, at
the said Veterans' Home at Yountville, Napa
County. In accordance with the plans,' de-
scriptions, bills and specifications prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnil, archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon such
sealed proposals "will be let* made and en-
tered into; said plans, descriptions, bills and
specifications can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of.Oa. m. and 6 o'clock. p.
m. of each and every business day, from
the date hereof to the date of /said contract
or contracts, at the office of the said di-
rectors of said Veterans' Home, room 13,
320 Sansome »t., San Francisco. Cal.
Separate bids will be received and separate '
contracts let and entered into as herein- I
above set forth; for each of the following
parts of said building, erection or structure,
including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of the State in relation to erection 1
of buildings" (approved March 23, 1870.
Statutes 1875-6, page 427), ! and the acts I
amendatory thereof, that is to eay for the
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work, including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and glazing work. . • ,
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, f cr the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized iron and
slating work,.' and • . ¦/
Sixth,' for the painting and graining.
Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications, including the
furnishing of materials .and the necessary
labor therefor.
The work Is to be done under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac H. Small anoV
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of said Veterans' Home, acting
for and on the behalf of its said board of
directors.
A separate contract will be let for as' many
different kinds of work as are • herelnabove
specified. No bid or proposal will be received
or considered unles3 accompanied with a good
and sufficient bond of said proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid, with sufficient sureties. Conditioned that
. If said proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party proposing or bidding will duly enter
'into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contract or contracts, in accord-
ance with said proposal or bid. and the plans
descriptions, bills and specifications, which
are .. hereby made a part of this notice and
of any contract to be let hereafter.
Said sealed bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the said directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, or to the secretary there,
of. at the office of said directors, room 13,
320 Sansome st., in the city and' county of
- San Francisco.' State of California, on or
befor« the hour of 1 :30 p. m. of the twenty-
second day of ' March, 1902, which is hereby
designated as the time and place where the
said sealed bids or proposals will be opened
by the Bald directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and said contracts let and made
If in the opinion of said board of directors
of the said Veterans' Home the acceptance
of the lowest of said sealed bids or proposals
shall not 'be^for the best interests of ' the
State, said board of directors hereby reserves
tht< right to accept any of said bids or pro-
posals opened as In their opinion may be for
the bc!>t Interests of the State, under and in
accordance with and as provided by the term?
of section 4 of the said act entitled "An
act to reeulate contracts on behalt of the
State .in relation to erection of buildings"
(approved March 23. . 1876. .< Statutes' 1875-6
, page 427). or to reject any or all of said
sealed btdacr. proposals. .
For fnrthor information and particulars
bidding contractors are hereby referred to
the 6f>erctary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of said board
of directors, ns herelnabove set forth.
By order of the board of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California. ... -
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary. -:¦
Dattd February 10, 1002. . . . ,
11OOMS AXU HOARD WAXTEIJ,.
ROOM and board wanted for father and son,
>KS years,, with neat Protestant rlady; near
Washington* and Mason sts. Address S., 1096
Valencia, st. *-• ' . ;¦ ¦ . . . ' '¦
SPECIAL XOTICES. V
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city, or country. PACIFIC. COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHICTS^AMD SPPFLIE S .
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 -Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing: lowest rates. Tel. Green H4. 205 4th.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAtIbARGAINS IN TYPEWRlTraRSmWe
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Henry C. Behrens, 25, .827 Valencia street,
and Esther Foley, 21, 18 Shotwell etreet.
Daniel Ruff, 23, 023 Hyde street, and Jeanne
P. Levy, 20, 1710 Post street. : > ... .
Carlo Rousten, 38, 230 O'Farrell street, and
Ernesta Zucca, 26,-024)6 Lombard street. ¦'.
Glldo Locarnino, 25, Vallejo, and Ermina
Brocco, 21, Vallejo. *
Charles G. Guggolz, 40,.Lodl, and Louise M.
Gimbel, -29," French Camp.
Pasquale Annibale, 29, 2311 Mason street,
and Gluseppa Bazzani, 19, 2311 Mason street.
Leon .Leszynsky, 25, 1822 Post street, and
Leah Falk, 22, 1345 Golden Gate avenue.
Eugene Driscoll, 28, Battle Mountain, and
Maud H. Bahwell, 23, Visalia.
Ruberto R. Cattalina, 22, 1611 San Jose ave-
nue, and Carlotta Podesta, 21. San Mateo.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN'.
TYSON — In this . city, March 12, . 1902, to the
wife* of Robert J. Tyson, a son. .
MARRIED. :
PORTER— BRYANT— In this city, March 10,
1902. by the Rev. W. E. Dugan, Henry I.
Porter and Sadie Bryant, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SARGENT— DIETRICH— In this city March'
9, 1902, by the Rev. | Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Francis T. Sargent of Cloverdale, Cal., and
Lizzie Luella Dietrich of Davenport, Iowa.
DIED. ' . : .
Barry. James J. . Ives, "FYances T.
Brendage. Julia M. Johnston, Annie J.
Brlndle. William S. • Jordan. Genevleve
Brusewitz, Dorothea Kohn. Walter B. '
Burns, Mary Lavin, Annie J.
Cameron, James W. Lewis, ' Mary E.
Carroll. William W. Maguire, Annie ¦•
Conrad, Jacob . ¦ Maroney, Wm J
Corbett. Hugh Muk, Bazel E. - '
Coughlen, John .O'Brien, Mary F.
Dl Nola. Veronica Ross, Viola
Eastman, Ruby Rost, Marie
Fritz. William C. I Sorensen, Niels '¦
Hirgs, B. F. Sullivan. Jeremiah
Hogan, Harry J. Whiting, Eliza B.
Houston, Robert
BARRY— In this city, March 12, . 1902, V at his
residence, 417 «Van Ness avenue, James J.,
beloved husband of the late Mary Barry,
and , father of Judge J. E. and Raymond
j Barry, a native of Ireland.
tcy Notice of funeral hereafter. : '
BRENDAGE — In. this city, March 11. 1902.
Julia Mary Brendage, dearly beloved wife of
Edward Brendage, and loving mother of Mrs.
Lawrence McMahon and Flora, Eddie, Julia
and Willie Brendage, a native, of South
Wales, England, aged 3J years 3 months and
2 days. ¦ • :
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- tlje funeral to-day
(Thursday), at.l o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Under-
taking Company, 1209 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth. . Interment M6unt Olivet
Cemetery. . .
BRINDLE — In this city, March 10, 1902, Wil-
liam S., beloved husband of Eliza Brlndle,
and father cf Alice N.j William S.. Richard.
Thomas, Joseph and Arthur F. Brlndle, a na-
tive of Liverpool, England, aged 42 years 7
months and 28 days.
C7'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, March 13. 1902. at 11 o'clock, at
the family residence, 128 Pennsylvania ave-
nue, between Mnrincsa and . Seventeenth
streets. 1 3 Interment -Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BnUSEWITZ— In Oakland, March 12, 1902,
Dorothea, beloved daughter of William and
Emma Brusewitz, a. native of Oakland, aged
0 months and 12 days.
BURNS— In this city, March 13, 19p2, at her
residence, 545 Linden avenue, Mary, beloved
mother of Edward and John Burns, Mrs.
Margaret McAullSt, : Mrs. Annie Spatswood
and the late James 'Burns, a native of
; County Cavan, Ireland, aged 03 years 2
months and 13 days.' • .
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.'
CAMERON— In this 'city, March 8, 1902, James
W.. beloved son of Donald and Christina
Cameron, and brother of Allen A., Charles
D,, John, Gertrude. B. and Christina Cam-
eron, a native of Carson City, Nev., aged 23
years.
(CTRemains at the parlors of the Western
Addition Funeral Directors. 2428 California
street. Funeral will take place at Bozeman,
Mont., on arrival -of train leaving San Fran-
cisco this (Thursday) evening. y
CARROLL — In this city. March 10, 1902, Wil-
liam W., beloved husband of Elizabeth Car-
roll, a native of New York, aged 77 years 4
months and 19 days.
C7Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner Eighteenth and Carolina
streets. 'Interment ' Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
¦ via Southern Pacific train leaving Twenty-
fifth and Valencia, streets at 11:40 o'clock.
CONRAD— In this city. March 11, 1902, Jacob
Conrad, a native of Germany, aged 70 years
7 months and 24 days.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
iThursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
¦ of H. F. Suhr' & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery, Presidio, ¦ . , . : .
CORBETT— In Boulder Creek, March fl, 1902,
Hugh Corbett, a native of Pictou, Nova
ScoUa, agesd C8 years. . ¦ - ¦ -
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 2:30 o'clock, from the . parlors of A. W.
. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street. )
COUGHLEN— In this city, March 11, 1902,
John, beloved ¦ husband of the late Margaret
Coughlen, and beloved father of John and
James Coughlen- and Mrs. W. E. Coe, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, ased 71 years
8 mouths and 15 days. . ' . . ¦¦
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1910 Greenwich street, thence to
St. ' Brigid's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the renose of his
soul, commencing . at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DI NOLA — In this city, March 12, 1902, Ve-
ronica, beloved infant daughter of Leon and
Veronica dl Nola, a -native of- San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 6 months and 9 days.
(D*Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
- of the parents, . 540 Halght street, corner
Steiner. ¦ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EASTMAN— In this city, March 10, 1902
Ruby, beloved daughter of the late Charles
and Catherine Eastman, and sister of Mrs.
Woodworth, Mrs."*. Nlckerson and Lottie,
Clara and Hetty Eastman -and the late Mrs!
.Margaret Brittaln and Mrs.. Kate Brown, a
native of ; Santa Cruz, aged 20 years and 2
. . days.. ..';,.. .,.-.• ' • :.. .
(ETFrien-ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), ' at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 113T Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Kiehth, thence to ' St
Patrick's Church for services at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
. funeral car from Eighth and Harrison
streets.
FRITZ— In this city, March 12, 1902,. William
C, dearly beloved husband of Mamie Fritz,
brother of Joseph and * Fred Fritz, Mrs.= Loy
and. Mrs. Manderson, and .son of Joseph and
the late Jar.e Fritz, a native of San Fran-
> cl'ico. need 26 years. •: •..;¦¦. . . .
E7"rhe funeral will .take place to-morrow
(Friday), tit 8:30 o'clock, from his late real--
deuce. 34A- Silver street, thence to St. Rose's
HENRY J: GALLAGHER CO.
-' '•-'- 'i£ucce«sor to I-Urmasan & Gallarher.1 " ¦
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M*r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
' 20 Fifth : Bt.. opposite Lincoln ; School.
! ; . Telephone South 80. ¦. \ < -.
Mt-OJiyet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
, Telephone Bush 367. -
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
v Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' -Association, M J
• McBrearty.- with- the same company for 18
P. F. Green.- late with J. C. O'Con-
¦ nor & Co. ; r hive opened ' new ; Funeral * Par-
lor* at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eichth. .Telephone South 44.
JAMBS McGINN, i
, Formerly . with ¦ McGinn has r opened I
new Funeral Parlors at ' Eddy St., bet. I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone ' South ' 676. I
RKAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR^SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PAKX LOTS.
We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
: Don't delay! We can positively suit you.
; $100 to $4<»0— Ocean Boulevard lota; graded
j and fenced; $5 monthly.
i $500 to 51100— Choicest Sunset lots; all
graded; splendid demand; wonderful Improve-
I ments; $lu monthly.
Sunset Branch Office. Xinth ave., near H at.
$400 to $800— Unexcelled Richmond bulldins
lots; ?lo monthly.
$100 to $250— Level building lots near Mls-
Bion-st electric cars; perfect bargains: inspect
them and you will admit it; $a monthly.
$1000 $1500 to $2500 — Modern cottages; all
bargain's; vhclcc locations; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle butldlng.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
i «6 Montcomery St., room 11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$46,5C0— Bargain; N. s. Sutter st.; 44x137:0 ft.;
short distance from Kearny.
$43,500— Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, flats, etc.
| $2.375 — A snap; north side Clay Et., near Lyop;
fine location" for flats.
$1S,5OO— Three very stylish new sunny flats, 8
rooms: choice location: rents $150.
$10,500 — Good buy; store and flats; Larkin st.,
near Geary; rents $70.
! $5 500 — Fine 5 and 0 room flats; on Stevenson
ft., near Thirteenth; rent $45. '
$l,C50 — Dirt cheap; NW. corner Sanchez and
Alvarado sts.; 20:0x103 feet.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrapce Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
A FEW MODERN WESTERN ADDITION
FLATS.
$25 — 1823% Green st., near Lagunaj a swnny
rcodtrn upper flat of 7 rooms and bath.
$30 — £26 Devi3»dero St.. near McAllister: new
flat of S rooms and bai.h; convenient to the
park. - •• ¦
$47 50—1136 Jackson st., near Taylor; a' sunny
flat of 8 rooms and bath; marine view.
$15-$50— 2124-26 Central ave.; 2 new flats of 8
rooms and bath; Ju&t completed.
Wo have the best house renting list in the
city. Send for it. • \
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
21S Montgomery st.
$10,000 — LOT 2Sx84; 16-room house; rents $05;
Pine St.. near Powell.
$2.800— Lot 22:6x112:6; 4-room house; rent
$10; corner Twenty-fifth and Harrison.
$9,(XX> — Three 6-room flats, just finished^ mod-
ern; fine; near Golden Gate Park.
$11,000 — Lot 50x105; 2-story frame; good as
new; storreroom, hall, 7-room flat and
7-room cottage; Preclta ave., near
Mission at.
$3,500 — 2-story S-room house; lot 22x75; rent
$24; Lexington ave.
HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy et., rooms 18-19.
JOSEPH STRAUB. ~ ~ ~~~
S50 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agents.
Property Boucht and Sold.
Rents collected.
$6500 — Excellent investment Mission property;
house 21 rooms, etc.: lot 67:6x100; brings In
$60 mo. rent. J. F. PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia
2 LOTS. 25x120; cor. of A and Taylor sts..
Colma; reasonable for cash. Inquire 300
Hayes st.
$7000 — FOR sale or exchange, nice flats, well
rented. Box 4447. Call.
FOR «ale. at bargain — Point Lobos ave. lots.
Address Owner, box 4178. Call office.
NEW house, 6 large rooms and bath; modern.
658 San Jose ave.. corner Valley.
REAL ESTATfi COUNTRY — For Sale
| FOR BALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California at., for
pamphlets and Information.
4 EXCEPTIONALLY well equipped chicken
ranches at Pet&luma: eafe business invest-
ment. WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONT-
GOMERY. 634 Market st.
Banta Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY &• CARR. 6 Eddy St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ ALjjmDA REAX i ESTATE.
$1800 — LOT and cottage of 5 rooms; $400 cash,
$15 per month. ' - \ ¦
$1140 — Corner lot, 38x120; Santa Clara ave.
and Sherman st. i
$700— Lot 30x110; Santa Clara. ave.; will
build on these lots on terms to suit.. J. H.
YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park St., Alameda.
H, O. MEHRTENS. 1520 Webster et., Ala-
meda. — Real estate property bought' and sold;
rare bargains thlg month; send for list;
house* rented.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3760 — FINE 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot 50x
156; near U. C. grounds and electric R. R.
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate.
Berkeley Station.
$3300— THOROUGHLY well built house of 9
rooms; window shades; combination fixtures;
corner lot; street work all done; cement eide-
walk; only 2Vi blocks from station and 1
block from electric railroad.
\ JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
NEW 6-room cottage; bath.^ mantel, basement;
sewered: corner lot. 40xl(j0; Golden Gate.
$1700— $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath: street work done; city water;
sewered; lot 50x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train.
$1750 — $5&0 cash, balance flat loan. Pacific
Home Building Company, 39 . Nevada block,
Ban Francisco.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; hish base-
mept; easy payments. MURDOCK,' 514 Pine.
FRHITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRBITVALB REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor..
Wilson ave. and Hopkins at.: 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds: fruit
r.rchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
Jrom F.iF. : rent $35 a month: price $4000.
>pplv T. R. FREUD. Mills hulkllng. or IL
A. PLF1TNF.R. Frultrale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
x OFFlCi£— HIS . BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOOK THIS UP TO-MORROW •" ?—~r-
Seven new cozy homes of 5, 6, 7 and 8 rooms
each, with latest style "plumbing, tinting, etc..
etc.; all pretty and modern ;* lots 40 feet front
<or more if desired), with elevated, sloping
! lawns, stcne walks and street work all done;
terms $200 DOWN' and monthly payments of
$25 and upward; located on Merrimac or Twen-
ty-eighth st., between Telegraph ave. and
Grove st.; handy to school, churches and elec-
tric cars, and within walking distance of town;
take Telegraph ave. or Grove ft. cars direct to
the property. See W. T. HARRIS on the
premises to-morrow, or GEO. V. r . AUSTIN, 460
Tenth St., Oakland. .
OAKLAXD FURMSHED HOUSES.
MODERN lurniFhed cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
piano; 5 minutes', walk from City Hall. Ad-
dre.«s box 36C2. Call office. Oakland.
OAIvLASD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good snd cheap this mcnth.~H?
! FCHELLHAAS. 40H Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ItUOMS FOK HOUSEKKKPIXG.
J FIFTH. 35.*!— Furnished housekeeping: • 3 con-
necting rooms. ?12; 2. $12; single rms., ?4-$7.
FOLSOM. 742 — A suite of housekeeping rooms
to let for $10 per month.
GEARY. 730 — Elegantly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; others; gas. -
GEARY, 1237. SE. cor. Gough — Two large,
sunny 'rent rooms. v •
HOIVARD. IOCS — 2 sunny, connecting, com-'
pletely furnished housekeeping rooms; range
running water; $10. /
LANGTOX. 256^4—3 tunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private faailly.
MISSION, 7CC. nr. 4th— Furnished rooms for
hauEekeeplng; single or en suite.
MISSION.- 2045 — 3 rooms, complete for house-
ksepins: no children.
if- Church,' where a requiem high mass wiU be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KIGOS— In this city, March 9, 1902, at the
Golden- West Hotel, B. F. Hlggs, aged 72
years. ¦ .¦•:¦.- . •.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully invite-1 to ¦ attend the j funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of ; H. F. Maass, 917 Mission
street. Tntirment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
1 send streets. - - ¦.-'.¦¦. .
HOGAN— In this city. March 12. 1902, Harry
J., beloved son of J. H. and Phoebe F.
Hogan, a. native .: of Los Angeles, a«ed 1
year. - ¦ -. -. - . •. ;
. ICTThe funeral, will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 31% 'Rausch- street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOUSTON— In this city. March 10, 1902, Rob-
" ert Houston, a native of Australia, ased 60
years. , :
- E?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co..' 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and j Ninth. . ¦ Interment Laurel Hi:'
Cemetery.
IVES— In this city, March/ 10, -1902, Frances"
Theresa, beloved daughter of Henry Ives,
and stepdaughter of Catherine Ives. a ¦ na-
' tive of San Francisco, aged 18 years 11
months and 7 'days. ? ¦ . - •
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- Invited to attend the. funeral' to-day
(Thursday), at 12 ©'clock, from the parents'
residence, 522Vi Ninth street. Interment
Mourn. Olivet Cemetery. .
JOHNSTON— In this city, March 11, 1902.
Annie . Jane, beloved daughter of the lat*-
' James and Annie Johnston, and sister of
. ' Matthew Johnston and Mrs. Birdie Schnep-
ple, a native of ¦' San Francisco/aged 20
years 5 months and 3 days.
JORDAN— In Oakland, March 12. 1902, Df
diphtheria; Genevleye Mary, : dearly beloved
daughter of Jennie and the late John T. Jor-
dan, and sister of Thomas and Sullus Jordan,
a native of Oakland, aged 9 years and 2
days.
KOHN — In Alameda. March 12. 1902. at the
residence of '¦ his sister, Mrs. H. Rawlinson,
1509 Ninth street, Wa lter . Braden Kohn.
dearly beloved husband of Josephine M.
Kohn, beloved son of Henry ana the late
Catherine H. Kohn, and brother of L. H. and
Margie Kohn, Mrs. . J. \V. Jurgens, Mrs. H.
Rawlinson and the . late. Mrs. K. Van SlycK
and Henry D. Kohn, -a native of San Fran-
cisco, a&red 23 years 2 months i and 20 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.¦ (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral.par-
lors of H. F. Maasp, 917 Mission street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Hesperian Parlor No. 137, N. S. G.
W. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LAVIN— In this city. March 12. 1902, Annie
. J. Lavin, dearly beloved daughter of Bridget
and the late P. J. Lavin, and loving sister
. of. Dominlck and Joseph Lavin, Mrs. T. H.
Carroll and Mrs. W. Powelson. a native of
San Francisco, aged 29 years and 7 months.
• CTTriemla and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 9:30 o'clock, from her late residence, 911
'¦¦ Vallejo street, thence UTSt. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem high, mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-*-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery; '.
LEWIS— In this city, March 10, 1902. Mary
Elizabeth Lewis, beloved ¦ wife of • John R.
Lewis, mother of Thomas J. Lewis and Mrs.
Mary K. Wulzen. ¦ and grandmother of Lil-
lian Wulzen and Martha E. and Maggie
Lewis, a native of England, aged 50 years
Hi months and S days.
(ETFrlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, March 13, 1002, at 11 o'clock, at
' the family residence, 208^ Francisco street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. .
MAGUIRE — In ! tHls city, March 12. 1002,
Annie, beloved wife of the late Geortre E.
Maguire, an4_mother of George and William
Maguire and Mrs. M. Dunn, a native of Bal-
timore, asrjd Cl years 4 months and 11 days.
• ' E7"Remalns at the residence of her daugh-
ter, Mrs. M. Dunn, 234A Taylor street.
MARONET — In this city. March 12. 1902. 'Wil-
liam J., beloved son of . the late- John and
Letitla Maronev, and brother of John Ma-
roney and Mrs. M. T. Coghlan, a native of
San Franci3co, aged 39 years and 6 months.
MUK— In this city. March 12, 1902." Bazel
E. Muk, beloved husband of Emma Muk, a
native of Indiana, aged 70 years and 9 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
. Friday, March 14, at 10 o'clock, at I. O. O.
F. Hall, Vallejo; Cal.
O'BRIEN — In this city, March 12. 1902. Mary
Frances, beloved daughter of William and
Bridget O'Brien, and sister of '• Daniel,
Charles, Geonre, Alphonsls. Timothy and
Mildred E. O'Brien, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aeed 20 years 11 months and 29 days.
C^Notlce of: funeral hereafter.,
ROSS— In this city, March 12, 1902. Viola, be-
loved child of Joseph and Louisa Ross, a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
2 days.
ROST— In (this .city.— March 12, 1902, Marie
Rost, a native of "Wurtembere, Germany,
aged 59 years. 10 months and 28 days.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respectr.
' fully invited to attend the- funeral Friday,"
March 14, at 1 o'clock, from- the Darlors of-
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. ' Interment -Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. • -
SORENSEN — In this city, March 11,. 1902.
Niels Sorensen. a native of Denmark, aged'
. 19 years. ¦ , ... .-•¦". ¦ - - -
, E7*Friends; and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 0:15 o'clock, from the Sailors'
Home, unier the auspices of the Ladies'
Seamen's Friend Society. Interment Laurel
Hill . Cemetery. , . ,
SULLIVAN — In ' this city. March 11, 1902,
Jeremiah Sullivan,' father of Daniel j). ' and
T. W. Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged
68 years." ¦ .
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission
etreet. I Interment private. -
WHITING— In Alameda, March 11, 1902. El!z.i
' Boyer Whiting, beloved wife of the late
Samuel Whitinsr, and mother of Charles B.
Whiting, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 76
years and 25 days. > — .-
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
March 13. at l;30 o'clock, from the resi-
. deuce. 103T Resrent street. Interment Moun-
taln View Cemetery. . . -
Shanahan Florist Co.
*^ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.nca«ELUS SEE 5056
WEEEr'CALI,;
16 Pa£es. $1 per YcafcConcert to Be Given at Presidio.
W. S. Sutton will give a sacred concert
before the convalescent soldiers at the
Presidio Hospital this evening. Sutton
will be assisted by Madame G. Spltzy
Hugo Pohem. A. SImacopulus. tenor of
the Russian church, and Professor h"
zuiani. vaiWHPiwwMllTOMHBI
Business men can be properly served
with lunch at the Cafe Zlnkand. •
Albert S. Parsons, John H. . Engle, R.
H. Lewis and W.'H. Lewis were arrested
February 28 on an indictment, charging
subornation of perjury. .The railroad is
about fourteen miles long and taps a ricn
timber belt, and it was necessary that
much of the timber should be secured for
the purpose of giving, the .railroad and
the lumber mills under the same , owner
ship ' employment. The defendants are
employes of W. H. Roberts, ' and; . Is
claimed that they induced > citizens', to
take up timber tracts and turn them over
to the railroad company for ¦ small ' con
sideration. , .*. .. •-•¦•- ¦¦-"'. ¦*-¦¦ ¦
James H. Engle and Arthur W.' Reddle'
of Quincy, Plumas County, were arrested
yesterday by United States Marshal
Shine, the former on an .indictment
charging subornation of perjury and'ttuv
latter on an indictment for conspiracy.-
They are accused of being the: leading
spirits in the conspiracy which resulted
in obtaining from the United States for
the Loyalton and Boca Railrdad 18.000
acres of valuable timber lands In PIuma3
and Sierra counties. -.* .„
Two Plumas County Lumbermen Are
Jjcrested for Defrauding- the ¦
United States Government.
TIMBER GRABBERS >
UNDER: INDICTMENT
The Young Men's Republican Club of
the Thirty-third /Assembly District has
elected the following delegates- to 'the
.convention of the Republican •• League ct
Ban Jose: T. R. J$ u " n &> James; Atkinson,
•Thomas F.' Hazel,.. Frank Chambers v and
Henry Kessler. . . . :
. The bosses- are shaking down the Gov
ernor for more than the Harbor Commis
sioner appointments. They are demand--
Ing that Gage shall appoint ex-Senator
Eugene .Bert to succeed A. J. Clunie as
Insurance Commissioner. Clunie's term
will expire some time next month. It Is
common " gossip in boss circles* that the
Governor has consented to accept the pro
gramme which slates 'Bert -for the office.
Bert is now •. attorney • for Commissioner
Clunie, but , before, a great while Clunie
will become attorney - for Commissioner
Bert. One is a Democrat and the other a
Republican. .
Bert for Insurance Commissioner.
would make a winning campaign for Con
press if he were placed at the head of the
ticket in the Eighth District.
Schlesinger attacked the Indictment,
which had been drawn by Assistant
United States District Attorney. D. E.
McKInlay, and argued that it did not
charge the defendant with any crime;
that it failed to avey that the articles al
leged to have been smuggled had been
clandestinely brought into the United
States; that it had failed to charge also
that there was an Intention on the part
of the defendant to defraud the revenue
of the United States, and that It had failed
to allege thatUhe articles had not been
invoiced. The motion for a new trial was
made on the additional ground that no
evidence had been introduced to show
that the duties on the goods had not been
P \)nlted' States District Attorney Wood
worth, who assisted in the prosecution of
the case, contended that Schlesinger's ob
jections should have been made on de
murrer and before the trial and that the
indictment had been drawn in conformity
with the provisions of the statute.
Judge de Haven made a few remarks
to the/effect that it was no crime to im
port goods into the United States without
paying the duties, forfeiture of the goods
being the penalty. To make such an act
a crime it would be necessary to charge
and prove that the goods were imported
with the intent to defraud the revenue of
the Government. The matter was taken
under advisement. .-"..¦'¦
Oeorgo Alexander, brother of the de
fendant, was placed on trial on a similar
indictment, but the prosecution's wit
nesses failed to show that he had re-'
ceived the smuggled silk goods from the
Doric, or that he knew that they had been
smuggled. On motion of Attorney Schlea
inger Judge de Haven instructed the jury
to acauit. which was done.
When Joseph Alexander appeared be
fore United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday to receive sentence on a
charge of removing and assisting in the
concealment of smuggled goods, his at
torney, Bert Schlesinger, made a motion
In arrest of judgment and a motion for a
new trial.
time of the trouble. were Edward Fox of
:he Wellington Coal Company, J. A. King
horn-Jones and C. E. Perry of 1741 Market
street. ¦ : • ¦• • '• ¦ . ¦ :
ORDERS THE REMOVAL OF
.'DEWEY BOULEVARD FENCES
Board of Works Serves Peremptory
Notice on Sutro Estate' to Clear
the Highway. '
. The Board of Public Works filed a for
mal pretest, yesterday with Mrs. Emma
S. Merritt and'W. R.-H, Adamson, the
executors of the Sutro estate, against
the closing of Dewey boulevard. The city
failed in Its agreement to complete- the
boulevard and fences were built across
it at Corbett road - and near. Laguna
Honda, the estate desiring to regain pos
session of the land deeded for a right of
way.' ; .
No reasons are assigned by the Board
of Works for the protest, but it is under
stood, to . be a 'legal formality, to protect
whatever rights the city may have. The
executors were also served with a.per
emptory notice to remove the obstructions
forthwith. • .¦ -; . ¦-
Psi Upsilons to Give IHnner.
The Psi>.Upsilon 'Fraternity of the Pa
cific Coast wiirgivel a '.dinner at the Cali
fornia Hotel to-morrow evening,, when' it
Is expected there : will be a big rally of
the members. The Rev\ Dr.,J. D. Ham
mond will preside, and Professor Charles
Mill3 Gayley of the University of Cali
fornia will act as'toastmaster. .
Chance of Escaping
. Punishment.
Petty Smuggler Stands
PRINCIPALS IN SHOOTING AF
FAIR THAT RESULTED FROM
DIRECTORS' QUARREL.
and are confident that he will win the
nomination. Senator Smith is one of the
ablest of the State's public men. Ho
WITH a pistol-shot F. A. Dodge
adjourned a stock-Adders'
meeting of the Perry Com
bined Hammer and Nail Ex
tractor Company at. 36. Geary
street yesterday afternoon, and Joseph R.
Young, secretary of the company, claims
that Dodge's end and aim was to' make
him the target of the bullet. Dodge says
he merely drew the revolver to repel an
attack by Young and that it was dis
charged accidentally. •' • • - •
There has been considerable friction be
tween two factions of the stockholders for
some time past, which culminated in a
meeting where a series of resolutions
were presented reflecting on some of the
directors. The resolutions were read, by
Young as secretary and when he had fin
ished readlnsr he commenced to comment
on the statements contained in them.
Dodge was sitting on a sofa at the oppo
site side of the room and he called Young
a liar. Young rushed over to him and
struck him and then Dodge drew his
pistol and it was discharged. According
to Young and his friends. Dodge made
an attempt to shoot a second time at James
Haworth, an aged gentleman, who is con
ductor in the United States Mint, but was
caught by C. E. Perry, one of the direc
tors, who forced him to return the re
volver to his pocket. One of the men
present called in a policeman, who placed
Dodge under arrest. He was taken to the
City Prison and charged with assault with
intent to kill. He -was unable to secure
bail last night, but said he would obtain
his release to-day.
Joseph S. Young, who resides at 1462
Eddy street, insists that Dodge made an
attempt to murder him and says he will
prosecute him relentlessly.
"He called me a liar," he said last,
night, "and I hit him. I am 62 years old,
but nobody can call me a liar and not get
hit. Dodge then drew his gun and pointed
it at- me. -'Shoot, you ,' said I, and
he shot. Then he tried to shot again at
my friend. Mr. Haworth, but Mr. Perry
caught him and forced him to nut his
gun into his pocket. Mr. Robinson, one
of the directors, called a -policeman and
Dodge was taken away to jail."
James Haworth, whose 72 years have
not cooled his fighting blood and who took
a determined part in .the entire proceed
ing, corroborated Young's account of the
affair, as did A. W. Robinson, another
of the directors. •• <
Dodge was seen at the prison and main
tained that the discharge of the revolver
was accidental. He is a real estate specu
lator and lives at 225 Guerrero street.. He
said:
"I went to the meeting armed because
I had quarreled with Young before and I
understood tbat he had made threats
against my life. When he rushed over to
. attack me I pulled my pistol and he
stopped. In some way, which I cannot
explain, the hammer of the revolver be
came cocked and while 1 was trying to
let it down the weapon was discharged.
That I did not shot at Young is shown
by the fact that the bullet lodged in the
reilinE-. There was only one cartridge in
the pistol, 1 so T certainly did not try to
shoot Havrorth." -
Among the stockholders present at -the"
ALEXANDER MAY
BE LIBERATED
The case was continued till this morn
ing, when it will probably be dismissed
for lack'of a motive to defraud, but J.
Morgan Smith may hear something drop.
Crowther detailed how he had gone to
Oakland with ! a son of Attorney Good
fellow and when he saw the articles in
the afternoon papers he told Mr. Good
fellow the whole story and was advised
to go to the city next morning and tele
phone to Robinson and explain matters
to him. He did so, but Robinson would
not meet him. He honestly believed the
check to be genuine, otherwise he would
not have used it. He reiterated the state
ment that Smith was to receive $10 from
him.
The Judge asked Smith if he remember
ed asking Crowther for the $10 and Smith
denied it.
Crowther Sticks to His Tale.
story in a straightforward, modest way.
He seemed extremely nervous, as he al
ways wet his lips with his tongue after
each sentence. He said he was 22 years
old and was born in Philadelphia. Since
he was 15 years of age he had lived in
Kobe. Japan, where his father was an ex
porter and importer. He detailed his
meeting with Smith and his getting th»
check, which he believed to be genuine.
He said Smith had walked with him to
the O'Farrell-street car and had asked
him for $10 out of the money he was to
receive from Robinson after paying his
bill. He was to meet Smith in .Green
Bros.' saloon. He met him there and tokl
him that Robinson had only given him $5
and a check for $17 45. Smith asked for
the check for $17 45, saying he would get
it cashed at the bar, but Crowther sa>d
he did not do business that way and would
go to the Palace Hotel and get It cashed.
There Is a large field of aspirants for
Congressional honors in the newly carved
Eighth District. The counties of San
Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Ventura,
Ktrn. Tulare. Inyo, San Bernardino
Orange, Riverside and San Diego comprise
the district, San Diego presents three
candidates for the Republican- nomina
tion. Postmaster Luce having recently en
tered the list. Collier and Nutt were
lighting for delegates when the Postmas
ter declared himself in the fray. . Captain
Daniels of Riverside will have supporters
lu the convention. State Senator Smith
of Kern is an active candidate. His
friends claim that he will go to the con
vention with the support of five counties
New Eighth. District.
James McLachlan, according to all ac
counts. Is likely to be renominated anJ
it-elected to Congress in the new Sev
enth District. I^os Angeles County alone
comprises the district. McLachlan's suc
cess in securing the San Pedro harbor al
lowance and his general inclination -to
serve his constituents commend him to
the Republicans. Los Angeles County
will be the scene of a redhcu engagement
in the gubernatorial campaign.
The politicians who are telling the Gov
ernor that he is sure to get a solid dele
gation from Los Angeles are filling his
Gageship with hot air. The anti-Gage
sentiment in the south Is widespread an<J
vigorously expressed. Los Angeles Coun
ty gave McKlnley 48<X) majority. Repub
licans who are pretty well posted assert
that Gage, if nominated, would lose the
county, provided the Democrats put a
fairly good man In the field. The indica
tions are that San Diego, San Bernardino.
Riverside, Orange and Los Angeles coun
ties will send to the State convention del
vgations opposed to the nomination of
Cage. It is understood that McLachlan
ts keeping clear of the gubernatorial
Krlfe.
Los Angeles District.
The Democrats regard the Sixth District
as fighting ground. They talk of nomin
ating: Judge Conley of Madera. It is con
ceded that J. C. Needham, now represent
<!:i' the old Seventh, will be the Republi
can nominee in the new Sixth District.
The counties of Santa Cruz. Monterty,
S^n Benito. Fresno, Kings. Madera,
Merced, Stanislaus and San Joaquin com
prise the district in which Needham and
conley reside.
Eugene F. Loud has so amply demon
strated his worth and ability as a Repre
sentative in Congress and has attained so
much influence in affairs at Washington
tl.at the Republicans of the Fifth Dis
trict will renominate and re-elect him.
The district embraces several Assembly
ojstricts of San Francisco and the coun
ties of San Mateo and Santa Clara.
The Republican column in the Fourth
Congressional District has been rein
forced by the addition of two strong Re
publican Assembly districts — the Fortieth
and Forty-first, but this reinforcement
dues not signify that Julius Kahn will
::ave a walkover for either the nomina
tion or election.
Congressman Loud Will Be Returned.
Metcalf is regarded as a public man
of excellent poise and superior attain
ments. It Is common political gossip that
he is training to succeed Perkins in the
Senate six years bj?nce, but in the mean
time he may be brought forward to suc
ceed Gage.
The Republicans of the Third Congres-
Fional District are not counting on the
advent of any candidate other than
Victor H. Metcalf. The district embraces
the counties of Alameda, Contra Costa
end Solano. There is talk that Metcalf
may be called on to head the State ticket.
Gage has so completely surrendered the
administration of State affairs to po
litical bosses, professional agitators and
the blatant promoters of class prejudice
'hat the orderly and industrious people
cf the commonwealth are beginning to
believe that ae -is no better than the
bosses behind him.
Frank L. Coombs of Napa, now serving
in Congress as the representative of the
old First District, is likely to receive the
Republican nomination to represent the
new Second District. The counties com
prising the second are Mendoclno, Glenn,
Colusa, Butte, Sutter, Yuba, Sacramento,
"Volo, Lake, Napa, Sonoma and Maria.
Recent happenings in Humboldt County
icad the politicians to believe • that ex-
Senator Gillette will go to the convention
supported by a solid delegation from his
own county. One year ago it was com
mon gossip in the political circles of
Northern California that Giilette had In
curred the hostility of J. C. Bull, and
therefore could not obtain the influence
cf a solid Humboldt delegation. Word
now comes from the north that Bull and
Gillette have adjusted their differences
and are working together with perfect
harmony. Gillette has also secured as
surance of 6upport from many of the
mining counties of the district. Poli
ticians would not be surprised if he were
nominated by acclamation.
Coombs Likely to Be Benominated.
There are no indications that the Demo
crats will be able to break the solid Cali
fornia Republican delegation in Congress.
Several interesting contests for Congres
sional nominations are foreshadowed.
The leading aspirants in the First Dis
trict hail from Humboldt County. Sen
ator Thomas Selvage and ex-Senator J.
N. Gillette, well-known residents of that
county, are making special efforts to en
list the support of the delegations.' The
district is extensive from a territorial
point cf view. It embraces the counties
of Del Norte, Humboldt, Sisklyou, Trin
ity, Tehama, Shasta, Modoc. Lassen. Plu
mas. Sierra, Nevada, Placer. El Dorado,
Amador, Calaveras. Alpine, Mono, Mari
posa and Tuolumne.
Lowrie arose from his scat and said in
a loud voice: "Don't call upon me as a
mutual acquaintance. I won't claim that
distinction."
The Judge then read to Smith the sec
tion of the Penal Code defining forgery
and Smith said there was no intention to
defraud on hJs part. If Crowther had not
asked in such an asinine manner, he said,
and had come to Green Bros.', where he
had arranged to meet him, he would have
then told him that it was all a joke.
Crowther> was then called and told his
Lowrie Seems Insulted.
This clcsed the case f6r the prosecution
and J. Morgan Smith was 7 called for the
defense. He detailed in 1 a nonchalant
n anner how he had met Crowther at the
Yellowstone Bar. He was talking to a
mutual acquaintance and was not for
mally introduced. Crowther told him he
had no funds and was waiting for money
from Scotland, and Smith either offered
or Crowther asked for $100, the witness
said he did^not remember which. .
"It struck me as ridiculous," continued
Smith, "that on a first acquaintance he
should expect a loan of $100 from me, as
I had only 25 cents in ray pocket at the
time, and as a joke I wrote out the check
for $100, signing it W. B. Vincent, and not
thinking he would be fool enough to cash
it. I thought he would take It to the
bank in the morning and get the laugh.
It was- no forgery, as I don't know any
man of the name of W. B. Vincent. 1 It
was just- the first name that came into
my head." ,
"How long have you studied law, Mr.
Smith?" asked the Judge. "I think you
have quite an erroneous opinion of the
lrw on forgery." j
Smith disclaimed any knowledge of tha
law and said he expected Crowther to
return and played shuffleboard for some
time, but. he did not turn up. Crowther
said he was going to the Palace Hotel to
get the check cashed and Smith began to
realize what a silly thing he had done. He
did noftell Crowther the check was given
as a joke and thought Crowther would
see the ridiculous side of it. Smith said
the mutual acquaintance he had alluded
to was named Lowrie.
Smith Explains the Joke.
Mrs. Florence Robinson, wife of the pre
ceding witness, testified to having taken
the check to her own bank and was in
structed to get it certified at the Wells-
Fargo Bank. She went there and v/as in
formed that W.-B. Vincent did not have
an account at the bank. She returned to
her own bank and was advised to place
the matter in the hands of the police. H.
L. Miller, assistant cashier In the Wells-
Fargo Bank, testified that no such person
as "\V. B. Vincent had an account there.
Robinson was the first witness called
and testified to receiving the check for
$100 from Crowther on March 5. Crowther
had paid him $109 on February 16 for his
first month's board and lodging and other
bills, but he became suspicious of him, or
as he • expressed it, he- was "not- good
pay," and March 2 told him that. he must
leave. Crowther then owed $45 35 and $32 20
for laundry bills, livery and other things,
amounting altogether to $77 55. On tne
night of March 5 Crowther called with the
check for $100 on the Wells-Fargo Bank,
signed "W. 'B. Vincent," and he ana
Crowther indorsed it. Crowther wanted
the balance In cash, but he gave him his
own check for $17 45 and $5 cash. Next
day he learned that the check was worth
less and notified the police. In cross
examination he admitted that he had been
paid' in full by Crowther and had handed
over his effects. He did not wish to prose
cute the case. Crowther had made com
plaint to him of things having been
stolen from his room. Crowther had tele
phoned to him on the morning of March
7 to meet him, but he did not do so.
Robinson Tells His Story.
J. Morgan Smith completely over
shadowed J. Pollard Crowther, the young
society man from Kobe, Japan, at Crow
ther's preliminary examination before
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
passing a fictitious check and it Is within
the range of probability that Smith may
have to answer to a charge of forgery in
connection with the check for $100 which
he gave Crowthex as a huge joke. Crow
ther positively swore that Smith was to
get $10 from him out of the money he was
to receive in change from J. A- Robinson
of the Knickerbocker Hotel after paying
his board bill with the check, but Smith,
who had by* this time realized that his
joke might develop into something seri
ous, contradicted Crowther flatly in that
respect.
— The courtroom was crowded and a great
'deal of Interest seemed to be taken In the
case. The sympathies of those who heard
the testimony were apparently with
Crowther, who had been made the inno
cent victim of Smith's jocular disposition.
Crowther was represented by Attorneys
"Van fleet and Craig, who .introduced a
receipt in full by Landlord 'Robinson for
the money due him by " Crowther and
Robinson admitted that Crowther had
paid him the money yesterday morning
and he did not want to prosecute him. -
Republicans Expect to Win
in Every District of
California.
Damaging Admissions "Are
Made at Crowther's Pre
liminary Hearing.
Forces Are Aligning for
the Congressional
Battles.
Pastime of Giving Worth
less Checks Is Called
Forgery.
VIGOROUS WORK
OF CANDIDATES
JOKE MAY LAND
SMITH IN JAIL
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING ENDS
WITH BLOW AND PISTOL SHOT
Row Among Directors Results in Arrest of F. A. Dodge
on Attempted Murder Charge.
THE SAN FRAjSTOISCO CAIiL, THTJRSDAY, MARCg 13, 1902.
12
j Hale>s. X
NEW
Walking Hats.
Opening Week.
A charming exhibit — styles so many !
so clever — so popular women come
to see them and linger to buy. The
well-dressed woman wants a simple
stiff hat to go with her tailored suit.
. So hat makers have given stiff hats
more attention this season. Will you
come and see what they have done?
Dress Hats Z Yes, hundreds of them now
on display — enough for an ordinary
opening, but we want an extraordinary
. one — so we take a little longer to get
ready— Monday pie day.
China Saucers
6 Cents.
Or fruit saucers, S J A-inch ones, with
beaded scalloped edge, decorated in
the center with a spray of small roses,
beautifully tinted in pink, green and
blue. Pretty dainty saucers, but look
at the price— 6c.
China Fruit Bowls.
Used also for salad. 9 Inches, with
raised border, floral spray center,
three tints— pink, green and blue— 10 c.
China Cup and Saucer
12c.
Set off with deep pink band, on which
are rosebuds outlined In gilt.
SPRING
Underwear
For Women.
Women's Cream Vests 50c— Me-
dium weight, high necks and long
- sleeves, finished with silk stitching
round neck and down front.
White Vests 10c— Richelieu ribbed.
Tow necks, no sleeves, a dainty little
vest with a fancy yoke two inches
deep, back and front set off with
deep lace. Quite the thing for a
fancy corset cover, and the price —
10c.
Garden Sets.
Malleable iron, three pieces, con-
taining rake, hoe and spade, 15 inches
long, at. Oc.
A set 24 inches long is 15c. •
- And so on up to 50c.
Butterfly Kites 5c.
They are the fairy fancy colored
Japanese sort. A great thing for the
boys, as are these:
Blue Hill Box Kites at 25c.
Top and String 5 c.
5O Marbles 5e.
Bale's. - '
Window Shades,
New, good, strong and at a
Saving,
30 Cents.
300 dozen, ready this morning: 36
inches. wide, 7 feet long; made of the
best quality water color opaque,
mounted on 15-16 patent spring roller.
Complete with brackets and nickel
pull.
We don't know of a better oppor-
tunity to replace your worn shades for
a little money.
Ribbons.
Two remarkable Easter
offers. In ivindows
to-day.
Highest class 75c French
Ribbons at 29c.
And double-face Liberty
.satin, (4Jin.) 25c.
Think of getting the richest, very
best quality of Double-Faced Liberty
Ribbon, 454 inches wide, at 25c, al-
ways 38c till this lot came in (8000
yards). Not an ordinary silk, but that
beautiful finished ribbon that feels so
soft to the touch. White, cream,
maize, pink, light blue, nile, cardi-
nal — 25c.
The French Ribbons at 29c— &/ 2
inches wide, richly colored in those
old shades of old blues, old roses, the
most beautiful color effects conceiv-
able, and yet for a third its worth —
29c.
>— ¦ o
MEN'S AND BOYS'
Nightshirts
50 Cents.
• Two styles in men's — Muslin with
the usual collar or with no collar,
both prettily trimmed.
The other Twill night shirt, .plain
with no trimming; splendid wearing
garment; cut full and long; every
size.
Boys' Night Shirts— are 4 inches
longer than regular, sizes 12 and
14. Price the same as the men's.
; o
SPECIAL SALEP
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 squares 85c
RANCH EGGS, 2 dozen. ...... 35c
SWEET WINES, bottl? 25c
gallon. ..$1.00
Fort, Sherry. Angelica and Muscat.
Ga!Jon $1. Choice native wines.
Regularly 40c and $1 60.
TOMATO CATSUP. Bint bot.... 15a
Our celebrated Idea! brand.
Best and purest. Regularly 20c.
CRUiflB TRAY AND BRUSH 40c
An. elegant Japanese Tray
and Kood bristle Brush.
Regularly 75c.
FINNAN HADDIES, 1b 15 C
Neal's brand — finest quality
Regularly 20c
APETIT SILD. tin i 5c
Regularly 20c.
Preserved Ginger, small Jar 15c
A delicacy from the Orient
Regularly 20c.
MARVELLI MACARONI, 2 pkjr;.25e
Spaghetti. Vermicelli and Alphabets'
Mrs. Rorer's booklet free, containine
CO ways to prepare Marvelll.
Regular price 15c a pkg
SCOTCH WHISKEY, bot . $1.00
The Struan brand— highest quality
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED CATtf* 1
LOGUE FREE. /"* T
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market
teij:phoxe maix b'jSs.
Bt Expert opticians to serve »
ij Factory on premises. If
Is One ofthefewplaces where If
H proper attention is given to fe
ra the fitting of glasses. f|
W 642 ST«|y
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
drink
Best NATURAL Alkailnsj Water
. 220 BROADWAY. N. Y.
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
TO THEJOBLICI
'- "i m 111. Eo not * sk f ° r Mr - Hayerle
_^SP?i£riV\. wlwn wishing to consul:
OEOROE MAYERLE, bi^J.
JViSvSqwST**' INSIST upon seeing GEORG r^»
q{<i3^y» MAYERLE. the German EV-
pert Optician. Remember
the number. 1071 Market rt.
An ey« with* cross la every window.
Arouse Your Liver.
You cannot have comforf un-
til it acts freely. To enjoy,
perfect '-, health and feel like a
new person take
Beecham's
Pills.
... Sold BTerrwhere-In boxes 10c and SSfc *
A RARE OPPORTUNITY 1
TO GET |
A FINE
We are selling for a few days only
THE NEW ,
Criterion Music Boxes
At the following reduced prices:
No. I — 8>S-inch tune sheet,
regular price $14.00. ..... S?9. 35
No. II — n^-inch tune sheet,
regular price $25.00. . . .$1G.75
No. IV — 15^-inch tune sheet, •
regular price $45.00 $30.00'
No. V — Same as- No. 4, only
double comb, regular price
j' $70.00 .$4S.OO
No. X— 20^-inch tune sheet, -
single comb, regular price
$7500 ...;.... ... $50.00
We give 6 tune sheets with;
each of the above boxes and
carry over 2000 tunes in s^ock.
There is ho better Music Box
made to-day THAN THE NEW
; 28-30 O'Farreil St.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BEBBBHBBBBHBBEB
. OB
u^n pa a\% n
/1H Vfllr^ ARE GETTING AS PLENTIFUL §
/||1 \lBr ASCROWSIN A CORN FIELD, J
(Jirif^^Ijk A ND fcVERYBODY THINKS S3
\S5^K^fp3r "MIS CROW THE BLACKEST" |
J& — OR PRETENDS TO. WE g
l|||§f Walk-Over j
JI^^H $3.50 Shoes g
ARE THE BEST THAT CflN §
<°™™ POSSIBLY BE BUILT TO SELL |
EVERY BIT AS GOOD AS 09
OTHERS CHARGE $5 FOR I
Trc new spring styles are ready— latest lasts and" leathers— g
for men and women. ' . . E3
Walk-Over Shoe Store, |
F. F. WRIGHT & SON, m
924 Market Street, Opposite Emporium. ¦
? EEBBEEIEBBHBBBHESB5llBBBBHBaBBBBBHBBHBHBHDHB