JT ONDON, June 25.— -The. following ¦bulletin was issued
• JL/ after 1 1 o'clock to-night :
"The King continues to make satisfactory prog
ress. He slept some hours during- the .day. He complains
very littleofdiscomfortandis more cheerful. The wound is
doing well. • |'jv£* / "TREVES.
"LAKING.
: • - -• . • ; "BARLOW."
Continued - on : Page \ Threes
m tBW YORK, June, 25.— A World spe
\ l\l ¦ clal? from London says: After
¦*¦ ' the '.council yesterday. 7 Prime Min
/. . 'istef;^ Salisbury -and .'Balfouf,
the Government fit leader .in -the
Later at Homburg a palmist is said to
ba.\-e foretold that the King would be
come ill as he started for his coronation.
Whether the stories are true or otherwise,
the coincidence of their being current this
year and the event of yesterday are re
garded as remarkable.
LONDON, June* 25.— The story of the
King and the Epsom gypsy is being re
toJd. According to this, a gypsy, who
was supposed not to have known his Ma
jestj-s identity, told him that he would
rise high, to the throne, but would just
fall short of his ambition the last mo
ment and would not be crowned King.
The seer told King Edward that he would
be «o unlucky en the turf that even if
one of his horses was going to win a race
Jt would fall dead at the winning post.
Tbis prediction was fulfilled in the case of
Counterpane in 1££6.
Some Dire Prophecies.
STRONG EXPECTATION.
While regret is so' profound and univer
sal ' : at ' the ? unhappy • turn •;. which events
Queen Alexandra is- bearing up bravely.
So engrossed Is she in the . duties of nurse
to her husband, which comes to her more
naturally '. than- to most : women, ' that . she
caii, spare no time to think of herself.'
Yet the strain has affected her ? not in the
least. In the sickroom, where, she "has
been . during , all : her waking hours since
tho operation was performed, "next to the"
King's medical; advisers, she is 'supreme.
There is no detail that does not come un
der her affectionate and' ever watchful
eye. The Prince and Princess of Wales
also spend i a great deal - of time at the
palace. The # Queen and ;hls children are
the, only ones whom his Majesty, sees. .^
QUEEN'S BRAVE - CONDUCT.
.The report also comes from * a private
source that' the restlessness displayed by
the; King was , apparently largely due: to
his concern . for . his people. When, on
Tuesday/ his Majesty -was' told that an
operation was Imperative, he . was. greatly
distressed . on account of the -great disap
pointment 'a postponement of the corona
tion ceremonies would cause his subjects
assembled in London' from all, parts of the
world. Indeed, almost immediately after
the effects of the ether had passed off/" he
returned. to the' subject.
" . "'"be reached. Till then it is im
possible to tell whether any. complications
are likely; to arise.' "There" being always
danger cf peritonitis or hemorrhage su
pervening, fatal symptoms .may manifest
themselves without any warning' .what
ever.'- Much .will depend'.upon how his Ma
jesty maintains^ his- strength ¦ during the
night.'.;.;.; ¦¦'¦-'. VV- -'.;¦ ¦ " ¦ ; : ; ... ¦ " '
*PT ONDON. Juns 25."— It is the gen
fir eral opinion /.of., the King's at-
; J» . * tVndng . physicians, privately
. E. \ to friends, that to
,-^»-"¦^'"morrow at ; noon tho crisis will
CABINET NAMES
EDWARD'S SON
AS A REGENT
: All day 'the: Prince, of ..Wales- continued
constantly .'at^Buckingham Palace.- receiv
ing distinguished callers.- answering dis
patches arid/expediting affairs which only
a" person of /his authority could attend to.
Among the most distinguished persons
seen in the; early morning j at the . palace
was the Marquis of Salisbury, who rode
on a tricycle. \ He had a worn arid .^ex
pressed ]ook,!;and though eyefing wore an
overcoat. ; .Thero/wefe' also Lord ¦Churchill,'
the. Home/Secretary, and Archduke Ferd
inand of -Austria. ; , ¦ ¦ '
• "When the guard -was changed late, in the
afternoon the sharp commands of the of
ficer in charge, seemed almost 1 to have
been given - with . a megaphone.
j In and 'out. of the palace gatesa stream
of carriages passed In \ uninterrupted pro
cesslon ; from- niorning till night.' Special
Embassadors to the coronation, represent
atives of different! countries at the Court
of St. James, distinguished visitors, mem
bers of the 1 Cabinet, Peers, and members
of the House of ¦ : Commons ; ' came . ' and
stopped long.enough* to make' inquiries.
The people- talked 'in hushed, tones. '
PRINCE OP WALES BUSY.
King's bathroom, which projects over the,
terrace. there, are seven or eight win
dows altogether, in. the. royal suite. Two
of them, -those looking out from . the
King's bedroom,: .were j darkened. - 'but
slightly opened in the afternoon while his
Majesty slept." 'It- was -toward those two
windows that the eyes'of the crowd.were
directed. •' ' . . '..'-.¦ '.*• /
Special Dispatch to The Call.' .
Special Envoys Departing.
LONDON, June 25.— Joseph H. Choate,
the United States Embassador, has with
drawn the invitations to the dinner which
he was to give June 29, . and Whitelaw
Reid, the United States special embassa
dor, .is busy to-day canceling all his en
gagements. The royal equerries are still
in attendance at Reid's residence. Brooke
House. The Government conveyed, to
Reid a courteous intimation that royal
carriages would be at the disposal of the
Americans so long as they remain in Lon
don, but Reid has determined to close uj>
the special embassy as quickly as com
patible with decorum. He will go to the
Continent for a short stay and may pos
sibly visit Scotland, returning to America
early in tho autumn.
So far as known no concerted action has
been taken by the special embassies with
the view of expressing their regrets to
tbe royal family, . each sending condol
ences in behalf of his 6wn nation.
Prince Leopold of Bavaria, Archduke
Francis Ferdinand of Austria. Prince Al
bert of Belgium and Admiral Gervals, spe
cial envoy of France* have already left
Idvndni* - • — - -¦ -
' "The King must have suffered for some
uncertain time'from the symptoms In and
around .; appendix,', so that > , his advisers
ii- era ahla to encouraJBTS . tttO hOD6 that
Another medical correspondent writes:
. One welf known expert says: "The com
plications disclosed by the operation are
serious. ; Our hopes 'He in every drop of
pus being evacuated. Any dregs v remain
ing would ; "inevitably excite grave com
plications.. In any case, a sore strain is
put : upon the constitution of ; the patient,
and muclj more depends upon his ability
to . resist encroachments of the disease
than upon' anything medical skill can de
vise." ~.\ ; ,
But turning to : medical opinion, the
doctors' are discussing the case with in
terest,; though according to professional
etiquette of; the country, not allowing
their names. to be published.
"Of 'course. "It is- a long time since the
dark 1 days of 1871, r but it is recalled what
wonderful . recuperative power the heir
apparent then j displayed and how very
soon, after. ; his .convalescence he was
again in • the full tide of state activity.
It is also recalled . with satisfaction that
bufa short- time ago when the King suf
fered • from a most painful accident "to
his knee; cap, which it was at first fear
ed .would cause, infinite trouble, he made
a : recovery ] which " was considered by
"physicians^ and surgeons 1 little short of
miraculous, parts ' healing with wonder
ful ease.; testifying ; to the excellent con
dition of the patient's body. "AH this is
recalled now with satisfaction.
OPINIONS OF MEDICAL MEN.
hive, taken, there is apparent with' it all
a. certain sense- of. relief that the crisis
should' have come ' when it did, rather^
.than at . a "moment even more inoppor
tune. .In ; discussing the chances of the
King's, recovery; there Is, amid all the
anxiety, a strong expectation that all will
be. well. '
' All! day-long the pavement in front and
by the side of Buckingham Palace 'was
filled' with those who were eagerly seek
ing news of the King's condition. Some
came;; in cabs and carriages up the Mall
and stayed just long enough to read the
bulletins, which were meager and posted
at long Intervals. The majority, however,
had come long distances on foot and re
mained . the 'greater part i of the . day,
watching, the palace wltsdows ' for sonio
sign, whether of "good tidings or bad. The
room where his Majesty lies is on the
first or King's floor, on the north side of
the'palace, overlooking the terrace of the
gardens. To the right are v tho Queen's
private 4 apartments and \ rooms . of > the
Princess Victoria! On the left la ' tha
EAGERLY SEEK NEWS.
'/"Although," Lord Grey added, "such
kind expressions of feeling are only what
I' could expect after my recent pleasant
experience of American hospitality."
: Inside the palace all was quiet. Queen
Alexandra,- who had been in the vicinity
of the- sick room the entire day, dined
with a few members of the royal family.
The callers who came to the palace in the
course j of : tho evening contented them
selves with '- driving up to the outer gates,
where; they. alighted and walked in to in
quire of 'the equerries for the latest news.
.They met only liveried servants and small
knots of reporters. "With the exception of
these callers and the noblemen who; give
the, entree to the court, every, body was
rigidly. excluded from the palace by the
police. Lord Grey, a director of the Brit
ish South Africa Company,, who recently
visited the -United States, is among those
having entree to the court. He said to
night that ; he had good hope for the
King's recovery, and that he was sure
thatevery Englishman was deeply touch
ed! with the! sympathy of . the United
States in the present calamity. ""
CALLERS AT PALACE.
feeling pervaded the crowds that if the
King lived until to-night he would live to
be crowned.
Worry Over King Causes Suicide.
LEAVENWORTH. Kans., June 25.— An
unknown man, evidently, temporarily in
siuio. from worrying over King Edward's
condition, jumped from a bridge over the
Missouri Jtiver here to-day and was
drowned. Just before making the leap he
Inquired about the condition of the King.
Notwithstanding the fact this is the eve
of the Intended coronation day and - that
London is even more crowded with -peo
ple than it was yesterday, 'the scenes
witnessed on the streets to-night were. in
marked and pleasant contrast with those
of Tuesday afternoon. Tho reckless'rc
jcicing which -was* then" so disgracefully
prominent was quite unheard . to-night.
TTafnc pursued its way unimpaired; and
even the most popular . thoroughfares
were comparatively deserted. No illumi
nations dispelled the natural gloom which
settled over tho metropolis. The. moon
falleS to penetrate the darkness over, the
city and a cold wind was blowing. Quiet
and depressed the crowds waited outside
Buckingham, Palace for the night's final
news of the sdverelgn. For several hours
they kept their patient vigil, wandering
aimlessly but with palpable anxiety over
the open. space which fronts the royal
residence. For some reason or another a
GLOOM NOT DISPELLED.
had- a' decided' improvement
and the feeling dx Buckingham Palace is
very lcpeful. His Majesty Is able to takn
noti'shraent. He had scrambled eggs and
a little hock and soda this evening and
with his oivn hands he opened several tel
egrams. The bulletin issued at 11 o'plock
to-night is regarded as intensely-satisfac
tory. This bulletin is generally taken as
being the first occasion" on "which """the
King's doctors have allowed - themselves
to express, even in a small- degree, -the
hopeful feelings they undoubtedly; .even
though privately, entertained. Thirty-six
hours have now elapsed since the opera
tion was performed and the absence !of
complications created hopefulness in all
quarters, although, as has been frequent
ly said In these dispatches, several days
mu^t pass before the possibility of danger
can be eliminated.
jr ON'DON, June 25.-(Midnight.)
fm King ' Edward's condition to-
B . night Is even more satisfac
ff ' tory than has been' indicate-1
"1 by the last bulletin./ He baa
Critical Stage in Condition
to Come at Noon.
Bulletins Issued by the Doctors Regarded
as Decidedly Satisfactory.
SCENE IN SICK ROOM AT BUCKINGHAM PALACE.
The first sign of this came to-day, when
the Senate Committee on Patents reported
favorably a bill extending for seventeen
years the Bowers patents for hydraulic
dredging. Firms In this country who hold
licenses under Alphonso B. Bowers for the
exclusive use cf his patents have formed
a combination and this will practical
ly Rive them a monopoly of dredging work
on the canal.
It was to be expected that the proposed
expenditure of between $150,000,000 and
$200,000,000 for construction of an isthmian
canal would result in various schemes be
ing presented to Congress for special priv
ileges to contractors.
¦ So anxious were the Senate and Houss
conferees to reach an agreement that
would not allow of unnecessary discus
6ion and possible delay that little cffoit
was made by the House conferees-- to
amend the Epooner bill. Hepburn sug
gresleO an amendment limiting to six
taonths the time within which the Pan
ama title must be perfected, but when it
vas found this might involve further dis
cussion in tbe Senate the amendment was
net pressed and the Spooner substitute
was asreed to entire.
ALL SPEED IS DESIRED.
"My own candid, views are that other
complications surrounding- Panama titles,
many legal and diplomatic difficulties in
Ore tray, will be found insurmountable ob
structions by the President and his ad
visers so that it will be necessary for
him to choose .the Nicaragua route after
all. However, the ouestion of the route
Is subordinate to the larger question of
a ranal. but we have the appropriation.
arid after al! these years 1 cannot but look
with pleasure upon such a result."
"It was for this reason that I held out
In the Senate to the last in favor of this
route. But when the Senate ence adopted
the Spooncr substitute, knowing that its
provisions meant the construction of a
csnal. I urged its adoption in conference
and cannot ray that I am dissatisfied
wit IT the result. The President is em
powered .to build a canal. Not only that,
but Jt is mandatory upon him to proceed
at once, if not by one route, by the
ether.
ROUTE IS SECONDARY.
"Personally I would prefer a canal by
the Panama route. My own State of Ala
txutia -n-cr«ri-rroTTt~wrorc^t>y Panama -tV*n"
by Nicaragua. Nicaragua means a better
canal for the whole country from almost
every point of view, especially military
and naval.
"I feel certain that this bill means an
American canal without further* delay,"
said Morgan. "Furthermore, I can say
without qualification that I think the bill
passed by the Senate and agreed to in
conference to-day means nothing Ices
than a canal by the Nicaragua route.
With the signing of the conference re
port Senator John T. Morgan completed
the most important labor of more than
A quarter of a century of his public life.
His legislative work in behalf of an
American canal across the isthmus fs
over, and in a statement to-nigbt he ex
pressed no disappointment with the out
come of his long struggle.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 25,-After a
final conference of less than an hour this
afternoon the Senate and House conferees
on the isthmian canal agreed to the bill
precisely as it passed the Senate. Both
houses will accept the report of the bill
to-morrow and the bill wlii then go to the
President for his signature.
Eeeclal Dissatch to The Call.
"Well, perityphlUtls Is frequently caused
by a little particle of food such as a grape
pit or porition of a nut shell lodging in the
appendix. Whatever the cause, the con
ditions are enhanced by high nervous
temperament and by excitement.";
these symptoms might pass away, as they
often do under the influence of rest and
care, till the sudden accession of the
symptoms indicated the presence of an
abscess of considerable size."
Another doctor says: "Until the tubes
draining the abscess have been removed!
It Is impossible to feel certain that the-
King will pull through. All Indications of
complications are often masked until the
post mortem examination. There are
many cases on record where the disease
has been discovered only after death from
some extraneous cause. As to the neces
sity of an operation, it is true that in
many cases of appendicitis in the young
the patient may recover without an oper
ation, but the King: Is not young, nor was
his Majesty, I believe, in the best of phys
ical condition. It was imperative. If th»
life of the King was to be saved."
"How was the disease brought on, and
why was it not diagnosed earlier?"
The moral effect of this victory is to
calculable on all the country, as President
Castro lately represented In bulletins that
General Riera was fleeing with only ten
followers.
During the morning of June 20 General
Riera left La Vela with 1300 men and at
tacked Coro, the capital of the Stats of
Falcon, nine miles distant. After flva
hours' battle General Ayala. First Vica
President of the republic, and commander
of Castro's army, and General Telleria,
President of the State of Falcon, seven
teen generals and forty-five colonels sur
rendered, with guns and 16S2 men.
For unknown reasons, there was no>
assistance by land, and General Colmen
area, after three hours' fighting, was
compelled to re-embark hia troops and
abandon the attack.
,-v^ajX^EMSTAD^ /island j^of. Curacaa.
June 25.— Advice.3 received here from
Venezuela under date of June 20 say
President Castro recently tried to occupy
La. Vela, on the Gulf of Coro. He sent
General Colmenares- with a large force
of. troops to attack the town by sea,
hoping that General Ayala would assist
by land, and catch the revolutionists who
are there, commanded by General Rlera.
General Matos' first lieutenant, between
two fires.
United States Vice Consul Juan A. Or
sini has left Carupano for Trinidad. His
life was menaced dally by soldiers for
having tried to protect the interests of
French citizens, he being also Consul for
France. . - -
The situation is more than critical. The
Government is compelling importers at
Carupano to pay again duties collected on
goods received during the recent occupa
tion of the town by revolutionists. The
first payment was made to revolutionists,
which caoses a neSv diplomatic incident.
The new disaster complicates General
Castro's position in Barcelona, the head
quarters of President Castro's largest
army. General Vlutini, chief commander,
quarrels daily with General Castro (who
is a brother of the President), and he will
abandon the command to-morrow.,
PORT OF SPAIN, Island of Trinidad,
June 25.— The Venezuelan Government
forces have been defeated again near Ur-
Ica, in the State of Cumana, by the rear
gruard of General Matos* revolutionary
army. Deserters and fugitives are en
tering Cumana and Barcelona by hund
reds. Among them is Gar I do, aon of tat
War Minister. ,
: • /
Faecial rjtfssatch to The Call.
Morgan Believes That
Nicaragua May
Triumph.
United States Consul
Is Obliged to
Depart.
Measure That Suited
the Senate Will
Stand.
President's Downfall
Now Considered
Certain.
Conferees Pass Upon
the Isthmian
Bill.
Venezuelan Govern
ment Forces Bad
ly Routed:
CERTAIN
NOW IS
A CANAL
CASTRO
SUFFERS
DEFEAT
KING EDWARD'S CONDITION IS REPORTED TO BE IMPROVING
AND HIS MAJESTY TAKES NOURISHMENT AND OPENS TELEGRAMS,
BUT THE CRISIS, THE PHYSICIANS SAY, WILL BE REACHED TO=DAY
sa^ francisco; ¦ thursb^y; jtjne 2«, ,1902.
VOLUME XCII— !NO. 2G.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.; June 55— A cash do
nation of $50,000, to be used in carrying on the
strike in the West Virginia coal fields, was re
ceived at national headquarters of : the i United
Mine Workers in Indianapolis to-day. It came
from the Illinois ' miners. . ,. /- ...
Oil Will Replace Coal.
PORTLAND, Or., June 25.— President
E. E. Ly tie of the Columbia Southern
Railroad is making arrangements to intro
duce olLfor locomotive fuel on hig road.
Thb Oregon Railway ' and Navigation
Company is considering the same propo
sition. >,
Acting . under orders from Chief Witt
man, . Detective T. ' B... Gibson left on
yesterday morning's train for : Sedro
Wooley.:Wash. t to see the man who sur
rendered himself there as John Bennett,
the murderer of Nora Fuller. Chief
Wittman said yesterday, that , the man
under arrest had failed to give a single
detail of the crime which tallied in any
particular; with the actual facts. At the
name time, .'the chief 'does not intend 'to
allow, any/ after reflections to - be cast
upon the department by. not probing the
affair thoroughly. Detective Gibson is
familiar with all the details. of the case
and has ¦ with him the warrant sworn out
by. Mrs. Fuller, some time ago for the ar
rest of Hadlev. - ...
It has been learned that the prisoner
traveled under the name of John. Fleck;
that he is a cigar maker and uelongs to
the Cigar. Makers' Union of Astoria, Or
egon, where he worked during the. months
of March and April and a portion - of
May. He is well known to one or two
local cigar makers, who 'were' employed
in Astoria laet spring and m^t him there.
While Fleck, or Bennett, claims to be
a 7 printer, and a member- of the Typo
graphical Union, he : carries, no card in
that body. Shortly after hl3 arrest ho
denied being a cigar maker and said that
he had never been in Astoria. .' '
Fleck reached this city on Saturday ariicl
on Monday put in a half-day's- work ¦ in
one of : the local, cigar factories. He' is
said to be an expert workman. "-:¦
The description of Bennett wired from
San Francisco does riot tally.with \that-.'q£
the suspect in several important details.
The man In custody is wejl past forty
years of age. An omcer- from San,Fran
cisco is expected here ' to-morrow. ' -
SEDRO WOOLBY, Wash., June 25.—
The man who claims to be John Bennett,
wanted in San Francisco for the murder
of Nora Fuller and who gave himself ' up
to the authorities here on Monday, has
ceased talking and no amount of : ques
tioning can elicit any further informa
tion from him. He says that if he had
not been under the Influence of liquor
at the time of his surrender he would not
have said what, he did. The Call repre
sentative learned to-day that he offered
a local attorney $100 to get him out. of
jail before an officer arrived . from -San
Francisco. .... . . .
Special Dispatch to»The Call.
The Philippine civil government bill
was thrown open to amendment in the
House to-day. Only ...teen of the fifty
pages of the bill were completed. By
an amendment offered by Bartlett of
Georgia, cases involving the construction
of the constitution can be appealed from
the Supreme Court of the lslandB to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and
by another offered by Littlefleld of Maine
one corporation in the islands is prohib
ited Irom holding stock in another. THese
were the only amendments of importance
adopted. • ¦ * . . : :
The earlier portion of the day was de
voted to consideration of conference re
ports on the sundry civil, army and naval
appropriation bills. The House adopted
a proposition, agreeable to the Senate
with reference to the disputed items in
the army bill and by a. vote, of 63 to 95
refused to agree to the Senate amend
ments to the naval bill providing for five
submarine torpedo-boats.
After McCumber had discussed the
pending pure food bill and Gallinger had
delivered an extended argument to show
that the prosperity of the country waa
due to the operation of the Dingley tariff
law, the. Senate took up the calendar and
passed a large number 6f bills of minor
importance. • . : . . "
The conference report on the army ap
propriation bill was agreed to, thus pass
ing measure and eliminating the
friction which has existed between the
two houses over It.
This was satisfactory to Quay, who,
after securing an agreement that the
committee's report should be unfinished
business on and afterthe 10th of Decem
ber until it was disposed of, withdrew
his motion to discharge the committee
from further consideration of the meas
ure. ' ' : ' ¦ ' -*>
WASHINGTON, June 25.— In a few min
utes . to-day the.. Senate disposed in open
session of the omnibus Statehood bill
which had been pending for several days.
Beveridge of Indiana, chairman of the
Committee on Territories, announced that
a report on the bill before the committee
would* be made on the third day of the
next' session. .
Omnibus Measure to Be
Reported Early Next
Session. V
Pseudcr John Bennett
Is a* Stranger to
Trnth
ONLY A SEEKER
OF NOTORIETY
Million-Dollar Suit Dismissed.
• SPOKANE, June 2».i-Private telegrams
from Boise, Idaho, announce that Judge
Bcatty 1n the United States Circuit Court
has dismissed the $1,000,000 damage suit
brought by Patrick Clark and others
against the Buffalo Hump and Empire
State mining, companies.
• ' LOS ANGELES, June 25.— The Demo
cratic county organization has under way
plans by which It hopes to deprive tne
2000 or more inmate3 of the Soldiers' Home
of the right to cast- their ballots in' the
next November .election. It is "proposed
to attack the claim which the veterans
hold to citizenship in California, on the
grounds thaCthey are. residing on a Gov
ernment reservation, that they, are sup
ported by the Government, that'the coun
ty and State authorities have no control
over the Soldiers' Home, and, in short,
that they are not citizens of California,
most of them having come from other
States. A similar effort was made four
> ears ago on behalf of the Democrats by
Abbott Kinney, but there was such a
strong protest from all classes of citizens
that the Democrats who fathered the
movement were compelled to repudiate it
in county convention.
The present plan is to have M. .W. Conk
l!n, a well-known Democrat, attack the
validity of the registration »of the veter
ans. .-, Conkling will act in his private ca
pacity, it being understood that the ex
pense will be borne by. the Democratic
County Central Committee. .•
ment to Deprive Veterans
of the Ballot.
Los Angeles Democrats Plan Move-
SEEK TO DISFRANCHISE
SOLDIERS' HOME INMATES
The convention. sermon, by Rev. Thorn
ton Millsj Ph.D., of Wilkesbarre, Pa., was
eloquent and logical. Following it the
choir of 100 voices sang Gounod's anthem,
"Praise Ye the Father." The services
closed with meditation and prayer, con
ducted by Dr. Sara i-.. Wise, superintend
ent of quiet hour. -
Robles, read the Scripture lesson. Then
followed addresses of welcome by Mayor D.
C. Clark for- the city. Professor C. S. Price
of Corralitos; for the county, Rev. J. R.
Knodell of the Congregational Church for
the churches; Miss Myrtle Herd . of Wat
sonville for -the. Juniors and J. H. Jansen
for the Endeavorers. A solo was render
ed by Miss Alice Genevieve Baker of San
Jose and the address of welcome was de
livered by Rev. E. E. Baker of the First
Presbyterian Church of Oakland.
WILLOWS, June 25.— Twelve , jurors !
were sworn in this." morning to decide
whether Walter Harrison is the illegiti
mate son of-H.— W.-C: Nelson;rdeceased,~
and entitled . to the whole of N the $150,000
estate left by Nelson. When .-court con
vened at 2 ' o'clock this afternoon ex-
Judge Bridgeford of San Francisco,
opened the'ease for tfie'plaintfltT He de-~
c)ared, first, that Walter Nelson was an
'legitimate son of H. W. C. Nelson, de
ceased: and, second, that Nelson had
acknowledged verbally, and in writing
th«> plaintiff was h!s son.
I Dr. Thurston -of Orland was the first
witness called, but he had been on the
stand only a few minutes when Attorney
Donohoe entered an objection, the argu
ing j of which consumed , the balance of
the afternoon. ' The doctor was testifying
concerning the birth of young Harrison
when the question, "Did you ' have any
talk with Nelson at that' time concerning
the birth?" brought forth the objection.
ing the Late Capitialist Nel
son's Estate.
Firsc Witness Called in Case Involv-
HAERISON'S CONTEST
FOR RICHES IS BEGUN
SANTA CRUZ ENDEAVORERS
WHO ARE WORKING FOR
CONVENTION'S SUCCESS. .
• NOME, June 14 (via Seattle, June 25)'.—
Eighteen days' subsistence on dog meat
was the experience of J. H. Sprague, who
brought in on the steamer Dora on Thurs
day morning 400- pounds of mail by the
Iliamna route. Sprague left Inamna Bay
on March 1 with the mail, and expe
rienced hardships from which few other
men would haV6 survived. When Spragua
left Iliamna he weighed 185 pounds; when
he weighed himself again at Llnd's trad
ing post he tipped the beam at 115 pounds.
For -fourteen days previous to taking
to dog meat Sprague and a man 'named
Mclnnis, the sub-mail contractor, had
lived on stale fish. Heavy storms pre
vented them reaching a point where food
could be obtained. Finally they were
found by'E. C. Hill of the Trans-Alaska
Company and F. Carlson Hill* made a
trip of fifty =mlles and return and pro
cured some beans, bacon and flour for
the starving men.
Terrible Hardships.
te&S3iSIS*S. ON DOG ;rMifA5P.'
Paring Nome 1 Mail-Carrier Survives
SENATORS DEFER
STATEHOOD BILL
Southern California delegation,
which arrived last evening,' spent the, day
sightseeing- at Ben Ix>mond and the Big
Trees. Monterey and Capitola were visit
ed by many, while those who remained be
hind took to the beach. ; Watsdnville sent :
a large band of Endeavorers, distinguish
ed by their purple hats, trimmed with
golden poppies. \ They Were distributing
souvenirs in-the shape of an autograph ,
booklet, with atypical Pajajro ; Valley 7
illustrated cover. '" ThfOSan Di4£ans; ; who
are striving to win the next conyent^h for^.
their' city, the delegates "with : r
olive-colored badges upon which are .at-,
tached bottles' 'of sand, typical of the;
"sand" and grit that are to cnja'raeterjze^
their efforts towlnt..e prize." "They -have v
decorated the Christian Church and made '
it their headauartefs. * • ...
1 On a special train this evening came 300
or 400 delegates. They included EndeaVOr
ers from Alameda County, with- their red
buttons; Golden Gate Union, with; its
white badges, and Santa Clara County,
with the sunflower badges that always
make a hit. Aboard the train were State ;
Treasurer Lyons of Oakland. Statistical
Secretary R. R. Patterson of San Fran
cisco, First Vice President G. H. -Wheeler
of San Jose, Second Vice President J. W.
Ross of Stockton. Third Vic© President
Miss R. Esther Smith of San Francisco,
Transportation Manager A. R. Waters of-
Nlles. Quiet Hour Superintendent Dr.
Sara E. Wise of San Francisco and Super
intendent Of Good Citizenship J. E. White
of San Francisco. The engine and coaches
were decorated with gold and purple bunt
ing.
The convention proper opened this even
ing at 7 o'clock. An immense congrega
tion filled the Armory. President J. H.
Jansen of the Santa Cruz County Union
led an inspiring service of song, in which
the. Mandarin Male Quartet participated.
Lionels. Rodgers delivered the. opening
address and Rev. Francis W. Reid, pas
tor of the Congregational Church at Paso
SANTA CRUZ, June 25.— Every; I
train to-day brought its contin- v - f
gent of Christian Endeayofers ;
to 'the State convention. 06 -'
At the Boston Clothing Company
Men's all-wool suits worth $12 for $4.65, at
Assignee Sale, 773 Market street, near
Fourth. - «••-.•
Young Husband Kills His Bride.
HEW YORK,-, June 25.— David . Burnside,
24 years of age, residing in Brooklyn,
shot and killed his wife Ullian, aged 22,
in a concert saloon on the Bowery at
Coney Island, and then fired a bullet into
his own head, with probably fatal effect.
The 'young couple had been, married two
weeks, but failed to agree and the young
wife left her home. - The shooting fol
lowed her refusal to return home.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Juoe 23. — Bdwaxd Hems
ley Jr.. a bricklayer, this morning ihot and
killed his divorced wife and then committed
suicide. ' . '
MANILA, June 25 Lagruaa prorlae* irtll )tm
placed under civil . government on Juno SO.
Hammond a Yale Professor.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 25.— At a
meeting, of the . Yale corporation to-day
the appointment of professor of mining
and engineering was made and accepted
by John Hays Hammond, a graduate of
the Sheffield Scientific School in the class
of 1876.
An American syndicate, has applied for
a concession to build a railway .from
Peking to a point on the Yangtse opposite
Kiukang and has offered a sum of twelve
hundred thousand taels for the- Iwo park
should the concession be ¦ granted.-- The
Empress Dowager has signified her con
sent, provided that the syndicate is really
prepared to put up the. capital necessary
for building the road. Concessions have
been granted for two other roads that
would serve the same purpose.
Another American Syn'dicatfe is^'sald'to'
be seeking & charter for a line from Amoy
to Hankow and a high official is reported
to be supporting the application.
The cavalry having retired, the artillery soon
male it too hot for the insurgents, who finally
fled in confusion toward the south. The city
of Xankuughsien before its capture by the in
surgents made a very brave and desperatr
stand, its trenches being choked with dead
tnd wounded before the rebels would flee from
the troots.
The insurgents rushed forward bravely but
rashlyto the attack, but were stopped half
way by a stream of bullets, shot and shell
froru the trooDe, who had halted and taken
advantage of every cover at hand. Then there
was a faltering in the insurgent ranks, who.
seeing a cavalry brigade deploying to take
them on the flanks, wavered and broke, mak
ing- for tlielr wailed camps, but the cavalry was
on them before half of them got within 300
yards of shelter and a massacre ensued. Those
who had got into their trenches and camps,
however, rallied, and by their fire drove off the
cavalry and covered the retreat- of their sur
vivlnc comrades.
An official report says that 21,000 impe
rial troops defeated 22,000 rebels near Nan
kunghsien, the fight lasting seven hours.
The report continues: -
From latest accounts obtained from reliable
sources in the -north it is asserted that the
news given cut by the officials at Paoting-fu
that tha victories of Viceroy Yuan'g troops,
and, we may add, the massacres perpetrated
by them in the dictricUs of Chuluhsien, Kuang
teunghsten and Weihsien have "quite pacified
them" is a mere lie t ion, and that In epite of
the many recent defeats ot the rebels their
lanks are beinx constantly reinforced, and a
determined front is in consecuence yet pre
sented against the Government. In view at
this the latter have been compelled to retire
to the vicinity of the cities of Chenting, Bhunto
and JCakunehsien. where many of the regi
ments are beinz reorganized by Viceroy Yuan's
orders. The majority of these troops have
been charted with wholesale plundering and
maltreating the inhabitants el the peaceful
districts through which they had to pass when
en route to the disturbed districts,- and, fur
thermore, when in the rebel territory with
bavins: DiHaued, burned and destroyed no less
than thirty-sevijn rj»ud-walled towns and vil
lages, ruthlessly triaEsacreihc all the inhabi
tants,—old and youne. male and female, who
could not escape in time. This has been lately
reported, to the throne by a censor.
VICTtfRIA^B. C, June
tory reports come from China of the re
bellion in Chili province.. The imperial
officers have sent out reports claiming
victories over the rebels, but these are riot
altogether credited by the papers. A dis
patch to the North China ¦ News from
Paoting-fu says: V . * /
Cause.
Atrocities Committed by Imperial
Soldiers Have the Effect of
Strengthening the Rebel
Eeport From lAiwi Sources Tells of
' the Alleged/*Q UI1^ rin S o f the ,
¦ SmsAex Boat Off .
Ntralvak. *
¦ V. ¦¦'. ¦ ' : / j , ¦
• ' ei>eci^Disx)*tch to The Call.
• SEATTLE/June 25V— The second arrival
of the se&sjh- from Rome, the steamship
Ohio, caii^hito: port \at. an early hour
this mdrriife. She ha* thirty-two pas
sengers^ $1)0,000 • in treasure and news
from'.l^on^.up to' June 16; the date she
.left thit iort. She also brings news of
the, arri-MU Vat St. 'Michael of the first
.steamer io^come down the Yukon, tho
Sarah' v laying reacb.ed that point -.with
, $1,000,000 Ziri v treasure^aboard, . which »^W
be jBhii^e'd , an the steamer St. Paul. '. .¦
• Whert 4h'e ' Ohio ' left Nome on • June 16
the stiahYship Portland; had been , lost
sight pf ' for twenty days ' and . the
steanWhip' Jeanie about , the same; length
of time. .' -• ¦ - • .-¦'•. - ¦ ¦ '•
The Portland -.was last reportedly the
Nome -City, when the latter sighted .her
in the icepack offCape Prince of .Wales,
being rapidly carried toward the Arctic.
The steam -•.. schooner Jeanie was seen
about the same time by ; ther steamer Elk
near. Nunivak. Island. _
When the Ohio Bailed the United States
steamship Thetis had been out more than
a week in search of the two^ craft, and
the. steamer Dora was dispatched from
Nome to'assist in the search two days
before the Ohio' left that harbor.
There- is some fear, at Nome that the
Jeanie may be lost. A .report to that
effect, '. coming in a ; rather roundabout
way, was* brought from Nome by _ the
Ohio. The report was brought to Nqme
from Nunivak ¦ Island by some- Indians
about June. 16. On account of the round
about-way in which it came and the im
possibility of .'obtaining first hand verifi
cation of :it, ¦ the report is not given the
fullest; credence at Nome. But the fact
that. the .Jeanie is unreported, though
having been out of Seattle since May 1,
lends -color-. to the story. . — ,"-¦".
Sofar as the. officers of the Ohio were
able' to reoort* the, Jeanie had not. been,
sighted since she sailed from this- port on
May 1- She : apparently, did "not- stop at
Dutch Harbor on \the way north, but put
through w. Nunivak ' Pass > and , -steered
straight for 'Nome.'. From the experience
•reported by the Nome City iWsprobable
.that she encountered the ice^in formida
• bl.e 'array j a few- miles north • of - the -pass.
It is '/also^probable 'that, like the Port
land, she •'¦¦ became ¦ blocked in \ the ice and
is, drifting i.Relple£Slyi northward. '¦,;-.
T < According: to . the; 'report brought. ,by, the
. IndJanV-f rom iNunivak, \i a. • vessel was
i -sixftt«& '-oK * Nnnivak ; kind" day.; about • three
vw,e*ySs •*'&«£ irtaking v ! signals ¦'¦: and u \ firing
guns^^^VUpie,- the^Indiana-'Were cwatchins
¦the vessel -went^otjt of :^igntf beneath: the
waves.*'-' <^o; sjgn of -a. -Vfi8.se> or^crew/was
afterwarCseeiinby-the Indfajti3, ; iWho/:-to.ok ;l
, the" report to the mainland, whence, it
y-as; carr|ed to Nome. ' *"r.:.< ' ~. rv;^.
Since 1 hey Were Last
Seen waeks-Ago.
No Traoa of Either Craft
Thirty-Seven Walled Towns
Are Given Over to the
Pillagers.
Massacre Follows Each
Victory of Chinese
Regulars.
Steam Schorr Jeanie
Sharing -ttf Port-
Iq/dcL's ? &t©»
ALL CAPTIVES
ARE PUT TO
THE SWORD
TWO VESSELS
DRIFTING TO
THE ARCTIC
THE SAN FItANCISGp.pALL, THUKSDAT, JUNp- 26, 1902. -
LAST OF TH E EN DEAVORERS
JOIN SANTA CRUZ VANGUARD
Convention Proper Begins With a Song Service and W:rds
of Welcome From Representatives of City 2nd Country,
While. Dr. T.^Mills: of Pennsylvania :• D^liv^rs a Sermon
2
Oakland Office— 54-San Pablo Ave.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
By having' your laundry work .done by us
In the wear and tear' of your garments.
Tour negligee shirts will last twice as
long by having them, done at a laundry
that doesn't fade them or wear them.
Our methods are the best in this line and
our work is careful and the linen or
colored shirts, cuffs, collars, etc., done up
by us will always be found perfect and re-
turned in good order. -•••,.'.--¦•• •
JCo saw edges..
YOU CAN SAVE MONEY
J£%^/& A $20 Belt
8$^^ for $5 -
-Ti 5 *~--ii^'-^__^r*!T^» Same a5 others
FiP»S^s£^Rra|jW sell at $20. Gtn-
ulne; not a toy.
'{ffi>&* drugs; no
a^'K- hurr.bup. It cures with-
«^? out medicine. Not cold
v by druggists. No dls-
unts. Free by mall on receipt of price.
ireulari! free. Ask for the "Dr. Alden Elec-
•ic Belt." Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
KIC CO.. 2OO Post st., San Francisco, or
.3 W. Twenty-fourth *W New Tork.
J Eyeglasses and Spectacles I
Ha Are supplied only of the fa
f 5 finest quality, Ruaranteed O
|m to fit and give perfect com- k4
H PRICES MODERATE M
ra Factory ea premises. Pi«ne Kaia 10' \ffl
© 6 4 2 ?M arket St. W
Tfie VQuallty Is Our Best
; Ji Adveriisemen!.
; ?^* . Nearly a century of
Sg|8|r reliable, uniform, strict-
ly high grade goods is
bjib§ ; a factor in a business
ifcSSsf anc^ las se 9 lre d us
, ff&grV thousands of patrons
t^G'STERtO. i I 1 . JB
hUmAMfTtOJUlYTlW. *"'™ M*Jr
i^BKiricfCo^ who cannot be induced
p u.Ii;.i.^5? j& to use any other brand.
f M»n«.. .Jy, Buy . only of reliable
j ho'.:ses. :
i B. KRK & CO., Sole -.Bottlars, N. Y.
CATTON, BELL N & CO.,
; 8CLE DISTRIBUTORS.
" San Francisco.. Cal.';
; I,. ¦'¦ .: s,. . > ....*'•" • . ¦
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse
the clogged system from accumulated
j "With pleasure 1 send a few lines to let you
I know that I feel much better than for eifjht
! years before taking your medicine, " writes Mrs.
I Pierce Geise, of B22 West Phila. Street, York, Pa.
I "Will recommend Dr. Pierce's medicine to every
j person 'who may inquire as to what it has done
¦ for me. 1 1 was troubled with female weakness,
and began to think I vrould never be well. If I
had continued the treatment prescribed by my
doctor I don't know what would have become o'f
me. .When your treatment was commenced my
weight wm 108 pounds, at present it is 130.'
: Have healthy color and my friends say I look
1 well. My best thanks to you and my best
j 'wishes, too, for what you have done for me."
I « Favorite Prescription" makes weak
j women strong, sick women well. Accept
no substitute for the medicine which
; works wonders for weak women.
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce ,bv letter free, and so obtain the
advice of a specialist upon th.^ir disease.
All correspondence is strictly private
and sacredly confidential. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo; N. .Y.\' -f^
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription cures
the diseases .which undermine the health
and mar the beauty of women. "It estab-
lishes regularity, dries weakening drains,
heals inflammation and ulceration, and
cures female weakness. *
Volumes, at fimes, of woman's happi-
ness or misery. The dull, sunken eye,
with its dark circles almost surely speaks
of womanly ill-health, and its attendant
suffering. With the dull eye goes usu-
ally the sallow, sunken cheek, the drawn
mouth, the shrunken form— the whole
glory of woman's beauty marred by the
effects of disease.
DE. PIEBCE'S 'REMEDIES.
J^^^^^|ai|||||fi|S||'
j. ' - wUl loanyou'th^e'money'rfor'a re^olar. 'banking
... r^te.ofiintercst— six! per cent. And;you ..can piay us
baclc, little by little" in -'"unf elt ¦ amqunta: you can
go to one of the first-class furniture,; stores^; with whom
we have made, special arrangements r^where'the:stock is
big and \ fresh and where satisfaction^ ; is j certain and
when you have made your selection you can pay; your
bill in full with good, hard cash. - • , . ¦ .'
; ; Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
and being compelled, to select your goods from. amaller
and inferior stocks? ~. • '¦
- "the installment stores charge you ten per- cent
above their cash prices when you ask for long credit
All you pay us is six per cent ; . ; -
For example: If your purchases amount to $100.00
we will charge you $106.00 — which is a six percent
advance; then you pay us $20.00 cash and the balance
in monthly payments amounting to $8.60 each month
If your purchases amount to $75-00 we will charge you
' $79-50; you make us a cash payment on this of $15.00
and pay the balance at the easy rate of $6.45 p^
You save four per cent You have the great privi-
lege of buying in a first-class store, and yet you get
all the advantages of the easy payment plan as offered
by the installment houses!
No amount of money is too small for us to- loan.
Worth looking into, don't you think?
Gould, Sullivan $ Co.,
(REMOVED TO)
Room 1403 "Call" Bvilding,
Tel. Johiv2336. Corner Market and Third Sts.
ra\ h "V "*7 1 ft I V s t% fi
(PE-RU-NA CURES PELVIC CATARRH.) 1
"Peruna did so much for me that || ' l^^^Mw^^mx/(%
others who may be similarly afflicted. jj| : Wrmm\\^i^Mr^^§ if
About a year ago my health was com' |fl {ffitifflMlr^v'tti "^ '^'wj 11
pletely broken down, had backache, II ;• jgjg
dizziness and irregularities, and life l SfeiiSiyg' Tr^iS Tif uTuiwtP*
seemed dark indeed. We had used
Peruna in our home as a tonic and . i M
{or colds and catarrh and I decided : | " ; MRS. ANNA MARTIN* If
to try it for my trouble. In less than \ %^_,,.^_^, mill ,.j W , mi i iTwrrorrrrfflr \
thrse months I became regular, my ¦?!¦ ¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦¦mul J
pains had entirely disappeared, and / feel.
am now perfectly well. — Mrs. Anna welcome friend and to-day the market is
Mnntin ¦ - : V^ . . so filled with useless and injurious medi-
marun. '.y. : v i.r clnesthat It is a uleasure to know ot bo
"Miss Marie Johnson. ll/columbla/lCast. reliable a^remedy^ you place before tha
Detroit. Mich.. Is Worthy Vice, Templar P"" 1 *- "^i^Sw 0 ?, to wh«ttw
in Hope Lodge No. 6. 1 Independent Order It is no longer a question as to ™tter
Good Terpplars. Miss Johnson, as so Peruna can b© relied on to cure aUsuch
many oth«r women also have done, found cases, l^rins the many years to which
in Peruna a specific for a severe case of Peruna has been put to .test .in all foraa
fprnaJp weakness She writes* and stages of acute and chronic catarrh
fe^want a^dt whatT^n to let the no one year has put this remedy to
whole world know what a jrrand medicine greater test than the pastjear.
Peruna is. -For eleven years I. suffered Peruna Is the aclqic»wleds«a eatarrh
with female troubles and complications remedy of the age. Dr. Hartoan. the
arising therefrom. Doctors failed to cure compounder of Penrna. has written a
me and I despaired of beingr helped, book on the phases of catob^pe^uliar to
Peruna cured me in three short months., w-c n, entitled Health an^ Beauty.
I can hardly believe it myself, but it Is 'a It will be sent free to any address by
blessed fact. I am perfectly well now and The Peruna Medictoe Co., Columbus,
I ha w^my% d u^^^^ do not derive prompt and^satis-
years with irregular and painful men- vice gratis.
struatlon and Peruna cured me within six Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tha
weeks I cannot tell you how grateful I Hartman Sanitarium. ColTKabus, Ohio.
Other stores— -Sacra-
mento, Portland and Spo-
kane. ;
PCMMER-EILERS
MUSIC CO....,
653 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
11/ *ff rf
We will sell you on our
"easy pay as you please
pla V or you can pay
cash. Glad to have you
come i.i and get our
prices at any time, [f
thev are not to your
liking we sha I not ex-
pect you to buy.
We stand ready ti
quote you prices which
we believe to be the low-
est in all tha land. We
belisve this so strong y
that we think it is worth
your while to investigate
our claim, for we wrll
save you from S 100 to
$200 in the purchase of
You can rely implicitly
on anything we tell you
about the shortcomings
or the good points of
any instruments on our
floor. We have a I kinds
of pianos for all kinds of
uses; and we wiil do our
best to see that you get
one that is best adapted
to your purpose*
There is a homely old
saying that you cannot
tell by the looks of a cat
how far she can jump.
This is eminently true of
pianos. As p general
thing the cheaper and
more unreliable a piano
is the handsomer and
more attractive the out-
side is made. Workman-
ship and material must
go in a piano if you ex-
pect to get music and
satisfaction out of it.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ' California Limited' !
attei\d.»s tojyb\ir comfort and con- -
r veniervce so tKoro\ig*Kly tl\^t" vovl I
I i^Sg'ret'.tKe ex\d oPtI\e trip. Every > I
I convenience of a. rasHiorvaJale Hotel V 1
jChica??b in. ttvree days !|
I City Ticket Office 641-Ms*rket St.. ]
ADVERTISEMENTS.LONDON, June 25.— To-morrow . has
been officially appointed a day of inter
cession for the King's recovery, and in
every parish in the United Kingdom spe
cial intercesslonary services will be held.
The authorities of St. Paul's Cathedral by
request have arranged a solemn service of
intercession to be held to-morrow at noon.
The general public will not be admitted.
Only ticket holders to the proposed West-
Prayers in Many Languages.
y ONDON. June 25.— Sir Frederick
I Treves, Sir Francis H. Laking and
¦*—^ Sir Thomas Barlow are again spend-
ing the night within Buckingham
Palace, and they have arranged for Sir
Joseph Lister to join them in consultation
in the morning. , When a representative of
the Associated Press applied at the palace
after midnight last night just as the
building was being closed for the night it
was learned that there was nothing to be
added to the last bulletin and that King
PHYSICIANS
STILL HOLDING
OUT THE FACTS
A feature among the endless expressions
of anxiety concerning the King received
from all parts of the wo»ld Is the ex
tremely sympathetic tone of the Irish Na
tionalist press in expressing its fervent
hope for his Majesty's recovery.
The Times this morning says:
"King Edward saw all his children yes
terday, and slept comfortably during the
day. He was in good spirits, and took a
bright and hopeful view of his case, a
view which is shared by all those around
him. The hope is expressed by those
most competent to express an opinion that
if .the progress hitherto made is maintain
ed the King will be sufficiently well for
the coronation to occur next August.
"The question then would arise whether
the ceremony should . be performed then
or after the holidays, in September or Oc
tober. Judicious people will disregard all
flying rumors and place reliance on the
official reports. We are assured that the
bulletins neither extenuate nor exagger
ate the seriousness of the case."
result of his Majesty's illness. The doc
tors had the case of the late President
McKinley in mind, and in view of the fact
that the crisis has not yet passed, they
were determined to couch the bulletins in
the most guarded language so that the
hope of the public should not be unduly
buoyed up.
Lord Salisbury also was deeply affected.
Being shelved in order to make way for
her son evidently brought the whole trag
edy of her lot vividly before the Queen's
mind for the first time. Her devotion to
the King since his illness has touched
everybody about the palace, for it Is
kr.ov.-n that she realized keenly that his
altitude regarding the arrangements for
the coronation greatly increased the wor
ry which contributed to his breakdown.
Queen Alexandra, who had maintained
¦wonderful composure up to that point,
burst into tears when she was notified
that the Cabinet had decided that a Re
gent must be Appointed and flung herself
into the arms of the Prince of Wales.
who had to be summoned to the audience
chamber to hear the decision of the Cabi
net.
"The chances yesterday," said Sir
Thomas, "were . decidedly, against his ; re
covery, but you can say that, at 12
condition are untrue.- Sir Thomas
Lipton spent an hour at Buckingham Pal
ace this afternoon and the Associated
Press has his authority' for making, this
announcement: ' ,"
w ONDON/ June 25.— The reports which
a are again being circulated 7 in New
¦"-^ York of King Edward's desperate
Sovereignty.
LONDON, June 26.-*-In : a dispatch from
Peking, .the,' correspondent- there of the
Daily Mail says he hears upon the highest
authority : that :> In - the . recent mining and
railways concessions agreement with Rus
sia a clause exists under, which China vir
tually renounces all claims to sovereignty
in Manchuria. -
Agreement "With .Russia Is ¦ Said, to
Include Renunciation .of
CHINA RENOUNCES CLAIM
v ;;-.:TO RULE IN MANCHURIA
KINO DESIRES
DINNER GIVEN
TO THE POOR
CHICAGO, June 25— Charles G. Gates,
New York, manager for Harris, Gates &
iCoi, -now at the Chicago offices of tha
fii m, -• received ,' a cable message from a
prominent London physician, who Is a
friend of John W. Gates, his father. This
physician, . who is * believed : - to -have : ac
cess to • facts . about »the condition of the
royal patient, says that it is his opinion
that ; "the ¦'¦ King, will not live twenty-four
hours." Heasks that; his name be with-'
held for professional reasons.'; 1
Says King, Is Dying.
Nearly every French surgeon familiar
with Edward's bodily condition gravely
shakes his head, doubting If the monarch
"This operation," he says, "in the case
of a subject < like King Edward, who is
no longer young" and preoccupied with
grave affairs, rarely saves. Moreover the
King is diabetic. For a few days he may
seem on the road to recovery, but I fear
the - worst will arrive before a week's
time." ..¦•';>¦. >'
PARIS, June 25.— Dr. Paul Reclus,
the" premier operator for appendi
citis and. one of the most celebrated
physicians in Paris, thinks the
King's chance for recovery slight.
SURGEONS SAY
"BE PREPARED
FOR THE WORST"
"Hear us," he said, "when -we pray for
the King of England. Grant, if in accord
with thy will, that he may be restored
to strength to guide and control his peo
ple in justice and equality, under thy.
guidance."
Rev. Dr. Cowden, chaplain of the
House, in his . invocation to-day, prayed
for the restoration to health of King Ed
ward. ¦ ' „
WASHINGTON, June 25.-The . chap
lain in his prayer at the opening of the
Senate I session to-day Invoked "blessings
upon our sister nation, England, which
holds with us the sacred trust of Chris
tian progress. : We remember': her tears
and prayers for us when our great ruler
fell.- And now we have Christian sym
pathy and brotherly concern in this, her
hour of sorrow. Bless her. King and give
him a happy issue out of his present
sickness." -> ,
Plea of Chaplains in Congress.
Altogether, London's business loss is
incalculable and tho people of Ports
mouth, where preparations involving a
big expenditure had been made to reap
a harvest- from the naval review, are
simply crushed. ¦ ¦ ¦ ..
terday's developments. While the
barriers around Westminster Abbey have
been removed the decorations are being
completed for the benefit, to-mofrow and
Sunday, of the crowds. The" demolition
of the stands has begun and progresses
slowly. The hotels and provision dealers
are hit the hardest. Thousands of pounds
of perishable food of the most expensive
varieties are crowding every refrigerator
in London, while orders for many tons
more were telegraphically canceled yes
terday and will remain a source of liti
gation or compromise. The caterers of
the fashionable West End establishments
have already announced that they are
willing to share the losses of their pa
trons who had given large orders for
delivery to-morrow and Friday. Few of
the caterers or hotels availed themselves
of the insurance, the recently offered
Lloyd rate of ten per cent being con
sidered too high. Many proprietors of
reviewing stands were thus protected.
But the important question remains as
to whether the money paid for seats will
necessarily be .refunded. Only; a few
seats of nearly half a million were sold
with any specific proviso on this point.:
The manufacturers of medals and sou
venirs are badly hurt. One of those said
that ten million medals, dated June 26th
and June 27th, already, struck, were now
valueless. '
LONDON, June 25.— The business sec
tion of London was slow in recover
ing from the stunning effects of yes-
SEVERE BLOW
TO CROWDS OF
SPECULATORS
Admiral Sir Charles Hotham, In com
mand of the British" fleet off Spithead,
received all the foreign admirals on his
flagship to-day. The commanders of the
foreign vessels are awaiting instructions
from their_ Governments regarding their
departure. - The British fleet will begin to
disperse June 30. .
LONDON, Jjune 25.— A final effort was
made to-day to have the naval review
carried out in some fashion, since it was
considered deplorable that so many war
ships, foreign and home, should disperse
without any official inspection, but the
Government leader in the House of Com
mons, A. J. Balfour, decided that it was
impossible. The Admiralty has announce'!
that all entertainments planned for the
officers and crews 'of the ships off Spit
head have been canceled.
Naval Review Impossible.
'he and others were confident of being able
to carry them out.
Pozzi and Championniere, two of the
greatest French surgeons, hold similar
views: Another doctor of international re
pute,' who was recently called to attend
a member of the British royal family,
says that the caee is complicated by the
monarch's recent indulgence in rich food
and drink, especially champagne", in con
nection with, the coronation entertain
ments.
"Be prepared for the worst. Perity
philitis must hav^ecome acute since the
operation was decided upon on the eve of
coronation. Such a case is extremely
dangerous. The ¦ great English surgeons
surrounding the bedside of the King nat
urally issue hopeful bulletins, but I should
not be -Surprised if Edward were dead
within a fortnight."
will ever rule England as a crowned
Kine:. . : .~U>^ <; - ;•
M. Berger, surgeon of the Bcaujon Hos
pital, says: • .-"...
for the recovery of the King.
I DISTINGUISHED MEN WHO FIGURE PROMINENTLY IN KING'S ILLNESS.
NEW YORK, June 25.— The English oak
planted forty years ago by King Edward
VII Is 'dying and will probably have to be
cut down in a short time, as all efforts to
preserve it have been unavailing:. The tree
has been dying for some time, but atten
tion has now been called- to its condition
by the illness of him who planted it. Tha
tree is on the westerly border of the Mall,
near. Eagle statue, 1 and near it is a mag
nificent American elm, which was planted
by the King at the same time. The elm 13
in fine condition.
Tree Planted by Ed-ward Is Dying.
iNEW YORK. June 23.— The following
special cable was to-day received by the
Until the tubes now draining the cavity of
the abscess have been withdrawn It will be Im
possible to feel certain that the King will pull
through. "What his rhyslcians have now to
fear is that peritonitis or hemorrhage may su
pervene. There must always be this danger in
such cases. - Again, it Is a fact that any ab
scess due to perityphilltls may have a fatal is
sue without any warning symptoms. All the
indications , are often masked until the post
mortem, and there, are many 'cases on record
where the disease "was only discovered after
death from an - extraneous cause. . such as an
accident.. At any' rate, the King's grave ill
ness must- invalid him for a long time. -•-
w ONDON, June 25.— The following
m statement was made this after
¦*—* noon on the highest medical au
thority:
PERITONITIS OR
HEMORRHAGE
MAY FOLLOW
The Loyal Legion Commandery of Cali
fornia has Indefinitely postponed the re
ception to army officers returned from th«
rhlllppines. The function was announced
to take place at the Occidental Hotel this
eveiiing, but in view of the condition of.
King Edward of England officers of. the
legion deem it proper to postpone the re
ception.
The coronation mass -which was to hav«
been said at the Church of the Advent to
day has also been postponed.
The peace concert which was to have
been held at Metropolitan Hall this even
ing has been postponed, and Instead a
sacred concert will be given, the special
purpose being to offer prayers , f or the
restoration of the health of King Edward.
Tickets issued for the postponed meeting
will be accepted at the door this evening 1 .'
Local Postponements.
New York Medical Journal from Its Lon
don correspondent, whom they consider
the highest medical authority in Great
Britain and who is in intimate ; touch
with everything that transpires at the
bedside of the .King:
The King's disease Is perltyphllltls following
cold contracted nine days previously. His
symptoms became rather acute a week agro. but
had subsided, and It was hoped that he would,
go through the coronation ceremony. Owing to
a sudden exacerbation early Tuesday morning
an operation was decided upon at- 10 o'clock
and the operation was performed at noon on
Tuesday by Sir Frederick Treves. the anes
thetic being administered by Dr. Frederick
Hewitt. The abscess was opened around . the
caecum, the pus evacuated and th« cavity
drained. There was no resection of the bowel,
the newspaper reports that tubing was required
to preserve the continuity of the intestine be
ing entirely misleading. The recovery from,
anesthesia was satisfactory; the patient passed
a restless night, succeeded by improvement,
his condition being favorable on "Wednesday at
nocn. MWM|
At the Carlton Hotel, that clearing
house of rumors through which filters the
gossip of Europe, it has Just been reported
that a cable has been sent to Washington
by a Peer close to the King's household to
prepare for the worst. It is impossible to
find any one close to the royal family or
any one whose position at court gives
weight to his opinion, who does not be
lieve the King's condition most serious.
Yet, in spite of all this, the doctors, issue
reassuring bulletins, as if really the royal
patient was progressing satisfactorily.
Mr. Balfour makes a similar statement
in Parliament. No temperature, respira
tion or pulse is given,' only bare details.
All inquirers, especially from the news
papers, are treated as interlopers.
In spite of all secrecy, I learn from two
excellent sources that the operation was
not performed, as reported in the official
bulletins, at noon yesterday, but at half
past 6 o'clock in the morning, and that the
public was not taken into the confidence
of the King's physicians until they felt
the operation was a success. I also learn
that at 3 o'clock this morning the King
had a very serious relapse and that the
physicians in attendance during the
night sent for their colleagues to come to
the palace immediately. Fortunately the
King rallied very quickly. This rumor
traveled fast, as all rumors travel now.
Again the correspondent sought official
information and again it was refused him.
But the inquiry evidently bore fruit, for
within half an hour afterward a bulletin
was Issued supplementary, to the one
which had begn announced as the last for
the night, making an explicit statement
that the King had not only made satisfac
tory progress, but that he had slept for
several hours during the day. that he
complains little of discomfort and is more
cheerful and adding tbat "his Majesty
is doing well." •.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
._- ONDON, June 25.— "The King
B continues to make satisfactory
H progress." All over the crowd
g ed Strand and thronged Picca-
B 'j dllly these words were posted
•^¦¦^^r under glaring electric lights
and eagerly scanned by thou
sands. London is to-night hoping for the
best, but fearing the worst. It is mindful
of the misleading bulletins of the late
Queen's illness, and the present bulletins
are received with skepticism.
Operation Performed
Much Earlier Than
Announced.
Skepticism Concern*
ing Statements of
Physicians.
House of Commons, waited upon
Queen Alexandra to inform her that the
Cabinet had decided that it would be
necessary to appoint a Regent, and pro
posed that the Prince of Wales be sworn
in. This ceremony, it is reported, ac
tually took place to-day in Buckingham
Palace, but no official notice of it has
been given.
minster Abbey coronation ceremony will
be present.
Catholics, non-conforVnlsts, Jews, Salva
tionists and other religious bodies are all
arranging special prayers, while in the
camps of the colonial and other visiting
troops, the Mohammedans, the Sun Wor
shipers, Fire or Fetish Worshipers,
whether from China, Borneo, Fiji, Central
Africa or Hindostan, or from the Indian
reservations of Canada, the usual hour
for prayer will -find them supplicating
their Deity in behalf of the :King.
Among the telegrams received by the
Queen was one from General Booth, who
is in Berlin, In which he says the Salva
tion Army all over the . world will pray
Edward's condition continued to be satis
factory.
It was further pointed out as an assur
ing sign that the 11 o'clock bulletin had
been issued after only a brief consulta
tion and that it had not seemed necessary
to call in Sir Joseph Lister and Sir
Thomas Smith before issuing it. The rep
resentative of the Associated Press fur
ther ascertained that in regard to the
brief and to some extent vague character
of the bulletins, which gave no informa
tion as to 'the King s temperature, pulse,
etc^nd which for this reason have been
much complained of in some quarters,
this is not due to •'a desire to con
ceal anything or to apprehension of the
LONDON PEOPLE READ PHYSICIANS' REASSURING BULLETINS
AND ARE HOPING FOR THE BEST, BUT FEARING THE WORST
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 19012/
Continued From Page One.
BULLETINS ARE SATISFACTORY,
The King's mind is entirely clear and
while. Sir Thomas was at the palace he
received word that it was his Majesty's
wish that the arrangements for.the,din
ner to about 500,000 of the poor of London,
July. 5, should be proceeded with. Before
to-morrow morning over half a million in
vitations will » have - been sent out. The
dinner involves the employment of over
6800 stewards, an army of waiters and 1500
music hall entertainers. All the arrange
ments are in Sir Thomas' hands and it
can be Imaf-Ine'l that he. would .not pro
ceed with the final arrangements unless
o'clock, he was doing well. His Majesty's
physicians are satisfied with his progress.
The chances were then in his favor."
3
Established 1823.
That's All!
% iAKIZ JOSEPH. RepreientaUve, 300 Battery. Street. San Francisco,
Good Healthy Action
is easy, to have by taking this
famous old remedy— To look
well arid keep well, use
Beeeham's
Pills.
' Bold Everyrrhere-In boxes 10c and 23c
Gentlemen:— I had been a sufferer
from kidney trouble for about 8 years
with pain in side, back and head. About
6 or 8 months ago I concluded to try
a bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root.
To my surprise I experienced a decided
relief before I had taken half of the bot-
tle, and one morning passed a gravel
stone as large as a pea, which I still
have in my possession and will be
pleased to show to any one who doubts
the efficacy of this wonderful remedy.
One month ago, finding some of the
old symptoms returning, I purchased a
50c bottle of Swamp-Root at Dr.
Morey's Drug Store, and before I had
taken one- fourth of it I found ' in the
vessel which I had voided during the
night a teaspoonful of small gravel
stones and sand, the passing of which
was immediately followed by relief.
JESSE S. BUTTERFIELD.-
I am well acquainted with Mr. But-
terfield and know that the above state-
ment is true in every particular.
DRi MOREY, Druggist. *
For a sample bottle of Swamp-Root
by mail free, write Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. Y. Don't make any
mistake, but remember the. name,
Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's ' Swamp-
Root, and the address, • Binghamton,
N. Y.. on every bottle.
ROYERSFORD, Pa., April 19th,
1902. Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
hamton, N. Y.
as Large as a Pea.'
Passed Gravel Stone
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
"A dressy man wants a suit that is stylish/ snappy and
smart— the individuality, tone and style. of the suit are most
.." important factors. \ < -
We make suits to order that meet these requirements,
.and in the making of them we aim" to produce them at a
price that places them within everybody's reach. Accord- }
ingly the prices range from
Everybody's price is represented in this range and
everybody Vtaste is represented at each price.
We aim to please in the suit itself, and particularly in .
.the price. Would you. not like to take home some samples' _
and look them over? W!m
This idea of paying a very fancy price for a suit is
..merely an hereditary notion that's been handed down 'for •
Suits • for outof-iown customers satisfactorily made to order through our
self-measuring system— write for blank and samples.
718 Market St. and Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets.'STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June* 24 -
C. Morse Vandevoort. a Palo Alto busi
ness man, was married to-day to Miss
Alena M. Ducker at the home of the
bride's father in Mayfield.
Wedding in Mayfield.
New cameras, new films, new plates,
new papers. Full lines of fresh goods at
correct prices. Also printing and develop
ing. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
New Things in Cameras.
EVANSTOK, Wyo.. June 25.— A gang of
tramps stealing a ride on a Union Pacific
freight train had a bloody battle with
clubs near here yesterday. As a result
one man wi-s taken to Ogden in a dying
condition, two received bullet wounds
several were badly beaten and a number
cr others were thrown or jumped from
the fast-moving train, receiving more or
less serious Injuries. The cause of the
trouble was not learned
Tramps Fight on a Train.
Rate f72 40, account N. E. A. tickets sold
July 1 and 2, good to return until August Zl.
Via Salt Lake and Denver if desired. Time of
the Overland Limited less than" three daya. Call
at General Office, 1 Montgomery st.. S. f! •
LOW RATES VIA UNION PACIFIC R. R.
TO MINNEAPOLIS ANO RETURN,
KANSAS CITT. Mo., June 25.— Theodore
Bates, representing Boston capitalists,
and the Kansas City, Mexico and Orien
tal Railway, projected by Arthur E. Still
well, are said to be interested with the
Swift Packing Company, which Is reputed
to have purchased the Fowler plants at
Kansas City and Chicago, in the erection
cf a rival stock yards at Harlem, across
the river from Kansas City, in Missouri.
In addition, complete packing houses, to
house the merged Swift-Fowler plants,
will. It Is stated, be erected near the new
yards. The site is situated about two
miles from the plant of the Kansas City
Stock Yards Company.
The Kansas City, Mexico and Oriental
Railway Company, as projected, will run
through a cattle country in the Tom
Green country, in Texas, not now in di
rect communication with Kansas Citv
and will tap some of the biggest ranches
in the world In the State of Chihuahua
Mexico.
Capitalists Reported to Be Planning
Immense Establishment Near
Kansas City, Mo.
EIVAIi STOCK YARDS
ABE TO BE ERECTED
Mercur is the western terminus of the
Bait Lake and Mercur Railroad, situated
fifty-eight miles southwest of Salt Lake
City. In the old days it was a silver
camp. Finally it was abandoned and re
mained in a deserted state until the cya
nide process of extracting gold from low
grade ore was given to the world. Then
ilercur became a lively camp and was flu
ally incorporated in 1890. It is famous as
the home of the noted Mercur and Golden
Gate mines. The town enjoyed the repu
tation of being the most moral and quiet
mining camp on the continent. The cen
sus of 1900 fixed its population at 235L
Governor Wells, Mayor Thompson of
Salt Lake, Oregon Short Line Railway of
ficials and a number of prominent Salt
Lake citizens late this afternoon arranged
for a special train with needed supplies,
which left Salt Lake early this evening
for the stricken town.
Shortly after the fire broke out it was
realized that the entire town was in dan
ger and immediately the greatest confu
eion prevailed. All available vehicles of
every description were pressed into ser
vice and every effort was made to save
household goods and stores; but so rapidly
did the flames spread that the people were
forced to flee for their lives and practic
ally nothing was saved. The streets be
came congested with teams and the ex
citement was increased by the frequent
explosions of giant powder stored in va
rious portions of the town. So far as
known, however, no loss of life resulted.
A conservative estimate places tlie total
loss at between $800,000 and $1,000,000, , and
the Insurance at $350,000.
Among the buildings destroyed are the
McCornick & Co. Bank; the large struc
ture of the Union Mercantile Company,
the Palmer House, the Catholic and Bap
tist churches and the telephone exchange.
The Mormon and Methodist churches
were not damaged and have been convert
ed into places of refuge for the most help
less and destitute of the women and chil
dren-
At 2:30 o'clock this afternoon a courier
rode into Fairfield, a station on the Tin
tic branch of the Oregon Short Line Rail
way, and telephoned that Mercur had
been wiped off the map so far as the busi
ness district is concerned. Not less than
forty or fifty stores have been destroyed,
and there is not a single store left in the
camp. The people are in a destitute con
dition. At least 1000 are without food and
shelter. Governor Wells and Mayor
Thompson of Salt Lake were appealed to
for immediate assistance.
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 25.— Mercur.
The great cyanide gold camp, and the sec
ond largest mining town in Utah, was
practically wiped out of existence by fire
lo-day.
The origin of the fire remains a mystery
beyond the fact that it began with an ex
plosion of some kind about 9 o'clock this
morning in the upper story of the Preble
block, in which the Oquirrh Hotel and a
saloon were located. A short time after
the fire broke out the telephone exchange
was destroyed and all wire communica
tion was cut off.
Loss Nearly One Million
Dollars and People
Destitute.
Famous Town of Mercur
in Utah Is Laid in
Ashes.
FIRE D ESTR OYS
A MINING CAMP
T^HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 19Q2.
4
Positively cured by these
kittle Pills.
They also relieve Digress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste m the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SIOKHHUOHE
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
..For health and pleasure go to Napa Soda
Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful
Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
land ponies and burros for children. Two trains
daily. 7:80 a. m. and 4 p. m. Address
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs.
f BARTLETT SPRINGS. °
Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
DATEC Hotel $10 to $15 per week. Eouse-
HA1E3. k eeplBg Cotttgeg $3 to $15 per week.
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
1 AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Harm's Orchestra; dancing every
week day, evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards, Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong,
Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank, 20x80;
Hot Water. Vapor, Tub. Mineral and Ro-
man Baths; competent Massagists; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks:
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O., Bartlett Springs.
Or No. 2 Sutter Street; San Francisco.
o- — - c
CAMP CURRY
Arrivals, May. 1901 80
Arrivals, May, 1902 202
Office, Peck's Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery st. \
YOSEMJTE.
ftyron Jfot Springs
•^ CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.
New Hotel. Magnificent appointments.
Rooms en suite, with mineral baths connect-
ed; sure cure for Rheumatism and Malaria.
Only 3 hours' ride, S. P. R. R., 9 a. m.,
5 p.m.; no staging. Address MANAGER
LEWIS, Byron Hot Springs, Cal. Call on
LOMBARD & CO.. 36 Geary St.. city.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly throifgh the Tuolumna
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2Va hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Yosemite Valley
6 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE, Gen'l. Agent, 630 Market st.. opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F.: tel. Black 3671. ¦
EL BONITO HOTEL,
The largest and best appointed hotel in Rus-
sian River Valley.' Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncans Mills, Cal. For
Information and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery St., or write R. C. Cal-
boun, Proprietor.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral spring?; Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Mldlakt
P. O.. Lake County, or call at of flea of C. N.
W. R. R. Co.. e»0 Market st.
HOWELL MT., WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of | spring water. Homo
fruit, vegetables, milk. etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER. St. Helena. Cal. |
_ « _ __. In the heart of the Santa
ROWarflCIlll<Ul CrUZ Mountain., jr et
M\\l IT C*x %•.%*****••-• near enough to the ocean
for a daily lalt water «wim. Redwoods and sea breeze*
—a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.
Peck's Information Bureau, II Montgomery Street,
S. F., or B. Dickinson, Leesee, Ben Lomond, CaL
OWN A HOME IS T^ U -CAMP MEEKER
Free from tog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. " Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, etore, postofflce. Sausalito ferry, $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, $2 and $2 CO per day; $10 to $14 per
week. Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery st.,
or address EDSON BROS., Beswlck, Sisklyou
County, Cal.
PARAISO SPRINGS.
i The' leading summer and winter resort of the
State. Send for beautiful booklet to F. W.
SCHROEDER. Mgr.. or call at City Agent, 11
Montgomery st.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mts.;
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. E. H. GOODMAN, Manager.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland ; best medicinal
waters in the State: fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland. Mendocino Co., Cal.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howell Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; air
pure- and dry; delightful family resort; dally
mail; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $S per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE, Angwin. Cal.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Sisson. Address H. McGuinness, Prop.
EL MONTE HOTEL. Slsson. Cal. Exp«-
rlenced guides at hotel. •
"THE GROVE,"
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of Tallac. Rates.
$2 per day. $9 per week; meals, 60c;, good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery; boats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. P., Cal. • i
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and full
Information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery St., or
R. R. office, 650 Market, or John i Martens,
Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. ¦ Now open for
business. Rates, $9 to $14 per week. .
MOUNTAIN ..HOME.
At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
Ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone 'Monday, Wed. and
Bat. Train leaves 8. F. 9 a. m. dally. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cal.. Prop.
M/VAONG THE PINES.
Altitude 2024 feet; plenty of cream, fruit, etc.:
near P. O. ; home cooking; L. D. phone; no
consumptives; $6 and $7 per week. Address R.
F. • WARHAM. Applegate/ Placer County, Cal.
SUMMER RESORT, /
Among the' Pine Hills; altitude 2024 feet; $7
per week; first-class accommodation. Before
going elawhere write to CHAS. GROTTIAN,
Applegate. Placer County, Cal.
Pacific .Coast Steamship Co.
I Steamers leave San Fran-
to<s>--, clsco as follows:
BBjagafcN For Ketchlkan. Juneau,
ISEpKSxbbk. Skagway etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
tliTE§5xli3 ni. June" 15, 20. 25, 30, July
' EusSfei^l Via r> 3 °. 15 - Change to com-
f2B*j£W*«?£**i party's Bteamers at Seattle.
jpii NULUfJ ma For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
t3 coma. Everett, Whatcom—
II a. m., June 15 20. 25, 30. July 5, 10. IS.
Change at Seattle to this Company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N P Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
June 16, 21, 26 July 1, 6, 11, 16.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa.- Sundas's, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursday, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Hartford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura. Hueneme and 'Newport
(•Corona only). ¦ -
Corona. June 19, 27, July 5. 13
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., June 15, 23, July 1. 9,
Bonita, 9 a.' m., J.une 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia,
Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sall-
"tTCTCFT OTTFTCE * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
C D DUN ANN, Gen. Pass. Agt.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendofne
management announces many new at-
tractions ati that popular resort. . Two
magnificent 'swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have allth«
pleasure, of seaside resorts. BoWllns;
' ; . : v'AT
golf, tennis and ping pone are' among
the many diversions. Johannsen'a Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching from the hotel
throughout the valley. :
.GEORGE P. SNELL.. Manager.
HOTEL VENpOME,
SAN JOSB, CAL.
PASO ROBLES H
— « ~t —^ Nature's own selec-
f«|l|J tlon for a health and
X Vr AY pleasure resort be-
* ««-* m « m»« cause of the curative
Hf3 A ¥ TrH properties of its mud
IlCALi 1 11 *n<l sulphur baths for
. rheumatism, Insom-
A.IM1J llver.kldney and blood
*f*** # diseases. Has every
f\» X3 A Cf TTYE3 natural advantage for
PLE ASUBE ffsrasysat
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C M. ARNOLD, 640 MnrKct, S. F., Agt
DR. C C O'DONMEt-L-'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stpmach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In th« world; 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents .furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Meals served on
the grounds at reasonable rates. Inquire of
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1021% Market
St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburon ferry, 7:30 a. m., 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE. 807 Sutter st. Phon*
Sutler 2371, 11 Montgomery st, or A. V.
MORSE. Lytton. Sonoma County. Cal.
•lli«l_ :• On line of Sierra Ry. ;
IIOTEL : : elevation 1471 ft.;
• 'NEVILLS. :: most eteRiuniy ap-
,,» cc rmv m • : : P° lnted h °tel in the
JAJJlfcb I OWN, : : mountains; stop, here
CAL* ...:•.¦ oh your way to or
. '• '•: from Yosemite Valley
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT . BETTER THAN THE BEST. BUT
BETTER THAN. THE REST."
"Will formally open for guests June 12th. Said
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains," Try it and form your own opinion.
During June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
If you want tOi . . •
For folder giving full description call at tha
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN. TAHOE CITT,
CAL. ,
THE TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions.
among them the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion. Resident physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO., Tallac, Cal.
Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
For descriotive pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau. 613 Market st. ,
BROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE 1. '
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take
. THE BROCK WAT TALLT-HO
Over our short cut. It . meets . the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
LAKE TMHOE,
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake shore house and ' cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for particu-
lars arid rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON SPRINGS
Open June IB. Connections by stage dally
with steamer. Rates. $2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to $14 per week. D. ABBOTT, Prop., Mc-
Klhneys, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
RUBICON PARK.. '
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
day, or $10, $12, $14 per week Postofflce, ' tel.
' A. L. Frost. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal. I J
DEER PARK INN AND COTTACES-
0 miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place; 6607 feet elevation. Mineral spring*.
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal.
; TAHOE INN,
Tahoe City, one mile from new Hotel. Now open
Write for terms. MRS. VADE BRYSON, prop!
TRUCKEE RIVER COUN1 rJlX B .
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Fish-
ing unexcelled; fish hatchery. Second season.
Send for booklet. W. C. Foulks. Verdi, Nev.
TITPUf AMU CDBUTPC 1
nllrtlLArlU oriilMo
p ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health arid pleasure resort "of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure o£
LIVER, KIDNEY, MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". .S10 per week
iwo persons In room, "small hotel". S18 per week
JJne person in room, "cottaKes"..i.$ll per week
Jtwo persona in room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
UM Person in room, "MAIN HOTEL".....
Two persons in room. "MAIN HOTEL"....
R v '•. • : •:••••• ..... .$20 and $22 per week
*. p ?,i ' 'nducements for School Teachers or
» ml »es desiring to remain by the month.
tfor illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call oh Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office,
5? ™°^ t P mer y ¦»- or "rite direct to CRAIG
& WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake Co.. CaL
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3% Hours from Los Angeles.
UNRIVALED ATTRACTIONS FOR SEASON
1902
.. Our famous barld of 25 musicians. Including
""» SJ ea * cornet soloist, CHARLES STREEP-
ER of St. Louis.
D , at 2y concerts June 14 to Sept. IS. Phenom-
enal fishing. World's records for rod and reel
angling The Marine Gardens, Aquarium and
Glass Bottom Boats. Wonderful natural at-
tractions. All outdoor sports. Increased Ho-
i e J__? nd Camping accommodations. CAMP
LIFE a special feature.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Enlarged, lighted by electricity and in all
__„._ respects up to date. .
GOLF, TENNIS. DANCING, all amuse-
ments. For full information, illustrated pam-
phlets and steamer schedule apply to
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU.
BANNING CO., 11 Montgomery*st. t S. F.
222 S. Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
Cklf ft f%r\(\ HOT SPRINGS. SONO.
Vn/lUUO MA CO , UN TY: only 4%
w * * * * *^ *^ W hours from San Fran-
* Cisco and but 9 miles'
Staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath In State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout, streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL. AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from S.ih Francisco
only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1001
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau.
11 Montgomery st. ; also at Traveler office 20
Montgomery St., or . of . J. F. MULGREW.
Skaggs, Cal. • ¦ • .
£TNA SPRINGS, N C A O PA
Hot Mineral, ; Swimming, Steam and Cold
Shower Baths. . "
Riding and Driving Horses.
Donkeys for the Children.
Children's Playground and Outdoor
Gymnasium — Table Unexcelled.
Rates furnished upon application.
EDVV. L. SANFORD, Manager.
All nf>lf Hot Springs for health and
Hi wIBV P le .asure. for rheumatism,
¦ 111 fill I lddne >". Hver and stomach
Vlhllw I trouble. Water stands un-
—•mmmmmm—m^m surpassed. Trained mas-
seur. Long distance telephone. .Trains from
Third and Townsend 9 a. m., 2:45 p. m. For
pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
BLACK ROCK RANGE
Resort. Altitude 3000 feet. 10,000 acre9; rich
in game. Hunting reserved for guests. 20
miles of fishing streams. Guides, livery, saddle
and pack horses. Mineral springs. Hot and
cold baths. Superior accommodation!?. $8 to
$10 per week. Special rate^to families (cir-
cular). T. J. CROWLEY. Laytonville, Mendo-
cino County, Cal. Peck's Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery st.
LA UREL DELL,
The Switzerland- of America; hunting, boating,
bathing, toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling,
etc. ; free teams to mineral springs, 15' kinds'
Call "Travelers' Bureau," 20 Montgomery Bt.
or address E. Durnah, Laurel Dell, Lake Co '
Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE.
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry or S
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
tsblo. Come Sundays and try It. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many improvements: $ia
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor.
Agua Callente, Cal. . ;%z?i<" : £~ ;k
SEIGLER SPRINGS^?
& mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Ewlmmlng, billiards, dancing. Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave., -or
Seigler Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
MT. VEEDBR FAMILY RESORT.
Redwood groves. Elevation 1050 feet. No
fog. - Climate delightful. All varieties fruit,
iron springs, hunting, mountain scenery, pleas-
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable. - Ad-
dress JC..E. HOLZREITER. Napa.
"OCEAN VILLA.
SANTA CRUZ.
Large ' grounds. Boating and bathing free
Free bus. Send for circular. C. M. CLARK.
AMES <& HARRIS
TENTS. HAMMOCKS. FLAGS. AWNINGS
CAMP FURNITURE.
100 Sacramento St. - San Francisco.
PAQHC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
FOR— -^
LEAVE SEATTLE:
SENATOR 9 P- M., JULY 1
VALENCIA » P. M. JULY 16
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamship CITY OF PUEBLA, leaving San
Francisco June 25 and July 10, will connect
¦with above Bteamers. The new and elegant
, Eteamshlps Senator and Valencia made rejrular
trips to Nome last year, landing all passengers
and freight without loss, mishap or delay. For
passenger rates and Nome folder, apply
TICKET OFFICE. * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
C. D. DITNANN, Gen. Pass. Agt.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O. R.& N. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or..
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST aFl.A.'I'lEJS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. .June 22, July 2, 12, 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 27, July T, 17
Steamer sails from foot of 8pear-st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y.S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
6S. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 28. 1003
SS. NIPPON MARU Thursday, July 24. 1903
6S. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, August 16. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
ftamburg-Jbmerican.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Columbia July 3[Columbia . . . . .*. July 31
F. Bismarck. ...July 241 A. Victoria.... Aug. 14
TWIX-SCIIEW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Pennsylvania ..July 8|*Palatia July 1I>
Moltke July 1SJ Patricia July 22
•To Hamburg direct.
Hemhur6-American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California St., San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana ds Vapofes
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....July l|GUATEMALA...Aug. 2
PERU July 23 COLOMBIA Aug. 13
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger sen-Ice.
(No change at Acapuloo or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, SI 6 California st.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
AitAanfrf* f£ « r A •"'¦"*"• ""^ * M
yeeaaic&detOo sg^sssj
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland '
and Sydney Thursday, July 3, 10 a. m
ES. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu .'
.-•••-.. Saturday, July 12, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .......;.
Tuesday. July 15, 10 a, m.
I. T. SPEICKELS & BEOS. CO., Gsieral AZtS., 329 MaflHt
Gea'lPass. Office. 643 MarKet'SL, Pier Ho. 7. PacHc si
BAY AND' RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR US. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamerj GEN. FRISBIE or. MONTICELLO ,
6:45 a. rn.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Son*
day. Sunday. 9:15 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 8 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:16 p. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Mala 1608. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
4l)rlriqi jlEfOglTf
rTT7"""r~"™ THE NEW BUILDINGS ANtJ
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitfs
,. cvl „ . School will be open to summer
iu£»I\L.U guests during June and July.
dad if Superior climate, excellent
hwrctv. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
dresa IRA G. HOITT.
HOITT'S SCHOOL.
(For boys) Menlo Park. San Mateo County, CaL
Careful supervision, perfect climate, thorough
tnental. moral and physical training. Prepares
for university or for business. Send for illus-
trated catalog. IRA G. HOITT, Ph. D.,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
For stomaen. liver and kidney trouble*—
Positive cure for constipation. New kltcheq
and dining-room, under the supervision of Carl
Raymond and Hans Mortensin and assistant*.
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Five no*
houses. Room for all. We have more testi-
monials from people cured than all othea
springs combined.
For further particulars and printed mattefl
at Travelers' Information Bureau. 20 Mont*
gomery st.. Ban Francisco.
DR. W. R. PRATHEK.
Adams Springs.
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mils
From Blgr Treo Grove.
Buy ticket to Camous Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write THOS. L. BELL, P. O.,
Felton. CaL Opens June 1st.
ft • II | Napa County. The most
\f WQlDnCJ charming spot In Calif or-
w 1 1 • llDltJiln nla - Ideal for a summer
wil ll UIUIIU vacatlon . Drives over
picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good hotels.
Bummer, resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday.
$2.60. Take boat foot of Market street, 7:30
a. m. and 4 p.m. . .
f~f f^ -j« j3 l, Tenn is Tournament
MflTPO Championship
caS San Mateo County.
-fr^ n July 3 and 4.
£^k¥ ' IIotel Mateo
SOLID COMFORT HOME SSSST&o ffi
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large or-
chard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths. Spring
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stag<s
meets train. Schuler & Scbeben. Napa. CaL
TROUT FISHING.
Best in State at BOCA, CAL.
For information address Boca Hotsl. Boca.
Ner. Co.. Cal.. on TRUCKEE RIVER.
f AMP TAYI HI? HOTEL. camp cottagea
tAJlr lAILUtt and grounds, private pio-
nlcs. bowling- alley,- tenaia, boating, trout rt»&-
ing. telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgonv.
ery street. H. O. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains
at Hopland. Leave Hotland at 12:30; arrive as
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:30. New 6-horse 14-passenger tourist wagon**
made to order for this stage line, with all taa
most modern improvements. Passenirers tot
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tickets can b«
bad at office Cal. Northwestern Ry.. 630 Mar*
ket st., or at Tiburon Ferry. i
¦...,. MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietor*.
V f CHY SPUINGS— 3 mile* from UklahJ
? Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters*
champagne baths. Only place In the world a£
this class of waters having continuous flow ofi
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first-class^
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
BEAUTIFUL CAMP MEEKER— One of Cal-
ifornia's most romantic spots: cottages anil
rooms newly furnished; restauract remodeled;
under new management: terms $6 per week;
boating, bathing and other amusements; taks
Sausalito ferry; lots for sale; $10 up. Address
H. M. GREGSON. sole proprietor.
DICHARDSON'S SPRINGS — T • a
** miles from Chlco, Cal. - Noted for being *
fcura cure for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia*
blood and kidney diseases.* nervous trouble**
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dli-
eases. - Hotel and baths op«n entire year. J_
V. RICHARDSON." Prop.. Chleo. Ca! ¦ '
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most deslrabla ;_i MtkM
Co. ; contain sulphur, iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; n»«r
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip tickets. S. P. of 2c en
|8. J. A. HATS. Prop.
: 4
HOTEL DE REDWOOD— Santa Crua Mia.
Among the grand old trees; board $¦¦* an, I
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 50. Call aC
Travelers' -Bureau. 20 .Montgomery st.. or ad-
dress M. S. COX, Laurel, Santa Cruz Co.
THE PTJBISSIMA HOTJSE-Near. tha
ocean. Fishing, only > Mt. trout stream In
county. Lone distance phone. $2 per day. V.
P." MOSCONI. Prop., Purissima. Saa ilateq
Co., Cal. * r
MT. ; SAN : FRANCISCO KANCHO-THI3
homelike resort is located in the Santa
Cruz Mountains. 6 miles from Capitola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB. Soquel. Cal.
Mountain View Ranch — Hotel. . cottages,
well-known table. Phone, swimming, dall*
mail; -campers to Glenwood, Including carriage^
%3 76 round trip. F. R. DANN. Santa Crua.
HITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, the best re-
sort in Sonoma County." ! Open all yeaa
round. Rates, $8~ to $12. Take Tibtiron ferry.
Bus meets all trains. E. HAWES. Santa Rosa.
WILLOW RANCH— Quiet foothill ranch, 3
-miles from Santa Cruz; delightful home
In redwoods: abundant fruit; Rood table; $S-34
per wk. MRS. WM. CRANDELL. Santa. Cruz.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. Saa
. Jose, . Cal. — One of the best equipped on th«
coast. Every variety of water treatment, elec«
trlclty. massage. ,X* ray. Write for literature^
BELLE VUE HOTEL— El Verano. Sonoma
County* Cal. Terms, fl 00 per day and
upward. Long: distance telephone. Hot mla*
era! springs near by. Peter Qouallhardou, Prop.
KING'S'" RANCH— Six : miles 'from ' C&zadera.
Elevation 1200 feet:, among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishinx. Terms. $10 a week: farailji
rates. Address WM. KINO. : Cazadero. •.
CISSON TAVERN, near Mt." Shasta. Par*
>J tlculars "Information Bureau." 20 Mont-
gomery st.. or MRS. L. M. SISSON. Slsson. Cat.
BERGHEIM— Two miles from ' Los ' Gatoa.
home cooking. P. DISQUE. Los Gatoa, Cal*
STAGE LINES A2TTJ LIVERIES.'
LA HONDA and PESCADERO-^ThrougaTthT
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward's. Wurr'a.
Bellvale. - Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Bu» R_
R. tickets to Redwood City. 9 a. m. train. M
and Townsend sts.; 8:20 a. m. from Saa Jose,
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. C«L
EAGLE ST A BL F S tJkulL TourUts. camp-
« * ™ , '"• hn aters. Write ta
H. A. Eldred for ratea for any kind of turneaC
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescadera
stage line, via HalXmoon Bay and Saa
Gregorlo. dally all year: twice a day to HaSS
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.A 4:1& pTm,
CASH1ON STABLES, UKIAH AND W1L-
« £*Z? 01 ££ ta ' camw. hunters. wrlU JL
H. Smith. Ukiah. Smith & Taylor. WllUOL fan
any kind of turnout. ... ..
"52* fashion Wvery; good service: rea*T
rates. Ofc. GUroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
ANJA CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stables. • StyU
lsh rigs. . Reasonable prices. ¦ ,
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 1 page*, sent, to any address in th«
United States or Canada ono year f or JL
Whilst it is true; that we are not "in
'business for .our health," it is true that
we are "in business for your health."
We afford you the opportunity to visit
Nature's Physician and dwell with him.
He lives in our valleys, our foothills, our
mountain ranges and canyons, along our
streams and on the shores of our lake3.
Visit him.- The expense" is not great,
which you will learn by reading
'. -'¦ X .
"VACATION, 1902."
This little book, "Vacation, 1902," issued
by the California Northwestern Bail-
way Company, gives complete informa-
tion for any kind of an outing.
To be had at Ticket offices of company,
650 Market street (Chronicle Building),
and Tiburori Ferry, or at the General
Office, Mutual Life Building, corner
Sanscme and California streets. Call or
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
WITTER
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH, LTVER.
kidney and bladder troubles/ Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders in all female complaint*.- - Recommend-
ed by leading, physicians. . Thousands . curvd.
Tickets Cal. £ N. W. K. R.; stage from Ukiah.
Call or address • • -
WITTER P.O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
Main of nee and water depot.. 910 Market
street, room 64. city.
R. McCORMlCK. Manager.
W THE seaside resort of Central California |
I —enlarged, Improved— per day $z upwards 1
I — fine orchestra— now open, send for I
I Dookiet. .Address for hotel, R. M. Brian. I
g^ For cottages, F. Reanier, Capitola, CaL I
HOTEL GENEVA
AND COTTAGES,
BAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from the city.
Most beautiful location and marine view. An
unexcelled summer and winter resort Table and
service of the best. W. O. GRAHAM. Prop. '
r-.I: TOCALOMA - M gg"
Bert rand Hotel: first-class accommodations-
reasonable rates for families and -parties- fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley
«tc. Telephone. JOSEPH F* BERTRAND or
Bulletin Office every Friday. 2 to 4 p. m. '
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE A WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
Leach). Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mils from famous "Bohemian Grove"-
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating- fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager. Russian River staUoa
via Duncans Mills, Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per.
feet; 10 miles from Truckee. i n an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler office "u
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMONa
Truckee. Cal. _ *?
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to 8. F., 2 ft hours; 5 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cur» rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, atom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathtne
Dancing pavilion. 910 a week and us Fre»
bus to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
JOHANNISBERC.
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL*
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting'
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBUBa
JR.. prop.. Oakville, Napa -County, or Peck's
Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home, Sonoma. "Will meet guests.
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $3 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER. Sonoma. Sonoma County. Cal. - ¦
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
tive ¦ cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carrlag*
meets all trains. Board, including baths, is
p«r week. Address W. , N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena. Cal.
Forrest and health 1 N TH E SIERRAS
near Coliux on <J. P. K. R. Elevation lust right —
211)0 ft.^-J36 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; fln^stscenery, water, »lr, fruit and climate
Ideal forests and grounds $(MX) a week. Sendfoi
booklet Orchard Spr i ties. Coif ax. Cal
THE r CEYSERS.
• (Sonoma County). New management: rooms
plastered, and hard finished; new -furniture;
new, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
round; white help only; best livery; cooking
. specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
DIE VA DA C/T/.
- The land of mines, plnea ana sunshine. Na-
tional Hotel and Annex. Matchless cllmat*.
mountain ' scenery, pine ¦ groves, famous gold
mines. - Perfect accommodations. Reasonable
rates.. :-..--; •¦-.;<-' ..-. ¦¦ :;' : ¦ ¦• ; ¦ - - ..
HOBFRG'S Amon S the Pine Mountains.
IIVULIUI *J. California's choicest climate.
The place to enjoy the country.' Bowling, swim-
ming, croquet, bunting, fishing and the best of
mtals." Rates $8 per week. For further infor-
mation Inquire 10 Montgomery st.. or Hoberg'a.
Lako County. MRS. M. HOBERQ. Prop.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Falling hair Is caused by dandruff,
¦which Is a germ disease. The germ In
burrowing into the root of the hair, where
It destroys the vitality of the hair, caus-
ing the hair to fall out, digs up the cuti-
cle in little scales, called dandruff .or
scurf.. You can't stop the falling hair
without curing Ihe dandruff, and you
can't cure the dandruff without killing
the dandruff germ. "Destroy the cause,
you remove the effect." Newbro's Herpi-
cide is the only hair preparation that kills
the dandruff germ. Herpicide is also a
delightful hair dressing.
case— kill the Germ.
Dandruff, Which. Is the Germ Dis-
CAUSE OF FALLING HAIB.
NEW ADVEKTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
COKPAOIOS CEMERALB TEAKSATLAKTIQUg
C1KECT tINE TO HAVRU-j-AiUS.
Baillnr every Thureday. lnitead of^ffisfe
Eatarfiiy, at 10 a. m., trom Pier 42.
Kcrth RlTer, foot- of Morton etreet.
First class to Havre, 170 and upward. Second
class to Havre. »45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN.
ABA, 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. 3. F. FUOAZI A CO., Paclflo Coa*t
Agents. S Monteomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets ueAA by all Ratloafl Ticket Agents.
¦ — ¦
AMERICA* MUTE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
Kenslng*n. July 1, 2 pmf Phlla July 9 io am
St. iouls.July 2, 10 arulBt. Paul. July 16*. 10 am
QEO STAR VtSE.
1CEW TORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
Zeeland.-.July C. nooniVaderl'd. July 19, noon
Frtesland-July 12, noonlKroonl'd. July 26 noon
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO
CHAS. D. TATLOR.aA.P.C.,30 Montgom'y st
I CORON ADO TENT € ITY I
| Coronado Beach, Gal. |
| BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, |
» GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDBVILLB, 8
8:. PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING |
M and all other amusements, with one of the finest bands In the West and several ftn» - S
Q orchestras. . Economical, comfortable and amusing. " r-; < ?•*
& Round trip tickets from San Francisco now on sale ati M
Q Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co., 641 Market St. ................ $24.50 §
« . Southern Pacific Ry^; Co., 613 Market St. ......... ..».;.. .•...:....... .$24.50 I ;3
& ' Pacific Coast S.S. Co., 4 New Montgomery St.:.,... f23.OO ;8
W '\'l .v •, - ' •' Including berth and meals. . • v 'M
5 V Ground and water rent free for one month with above tickets. \\
6 . Fersons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets la
fij ever the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific; Coast Steamship Co. are not S
& charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include. all this, 8
g as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer of S
g ,. ICO pounds cf baggage. \ o
o Persons who. bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion «
g tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month ground rent, which includes free -S
S'. use of water. " •¦;¦ ', _¦' ¦-'¦¦.' '^". .:..;.¦' : ". ; '¦'/'/• ¦ . ;• ; --'3
8- Persons bringing their own tents can rent ;furnishings: at the following 'M
« prices per week (for the month of dune 50 per cent discount): , - * - - W
S§ Double bedstead with spi-lne and cotton. mattress, $1 25; cot, single, 25c; spring S
Q cot, double, BOc; mattress, single, 25c; mattress, double, BOc; pillows, 25c; blanket* ' M
g 25c; comforters, 25c; table, 25c j camps tool, 10c; chairs, 25c; rocking chairs, 30c- 'M
* easoline stoves, COc; oil stoves, 25c; waehstands, complete, ' 35c; cooking utensils for '9
g* three persons, 75c j lamp,. with oil, 25c - 7 ¦ - .-¦-,¦ -. . S
Q Prices per month double the weekly : rates. ' -' '.. Q
Q Furnished tent for one Derson. |12 per month.' For two persons, ; $20, and each J*t
q additional person $5 per ¦ month. . Furnished : tent 'i comprises beds, ; bedding, tables «
Q wash stands, ; rocking, . folding and camp chain, clean linen, towels, water, dally car» H
Q of tent and laundry, of tent linen. Tents electric lighted. Perfect sewerage. . ,sg
« For pamphlets and full particulars call on " 'A
| PECK'S TOURIST BUREAU, II Mcntgomerjf St., San Francisco, CaL: j
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price -
igM iLAKltrlu
j$PP*^fc|» ||ilVEil\
jg||ijSr 1 1 ILLSTO ARRIVE.
THURSDAY,' JUNE 26:
TO SAIL.
••••• Passed out June- 25— Stmr Robert Dollar
from Port . Hadl.ock, for San Pedro; Br stmr
Wellington,- frcm -Oyster Harbor, -for San
Francisco: schj- F S Redfield, from Port Blake
ley, for San Pedro. - : ' ¦ • ¦¦- .-: •
ASTORIA— Arrived June 25^-Stmr Prentlss
hence; June '22. •--.•• ¦ ' • ...
: Sailed June 25-^-Stnir Fulton, for San Pedro
stmr Homer,: tor Unalaska. • . • ¦•,"..¦*¦•
PORT. LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 25—
Stmr Ruth, hence'June 2.". .-¦ - - .• .
' PORT ;. TOWNSEND— Arrived June 2rU-Br
ship Senator, from' New Whatcom, for Algoa
Bay; .bark ..Palmyra,", from. Port, Gamble, > for
Algoa t; Bay; schr Courtney Ford, hence June
NEAH BAY— Passed. in June 25— Stmr Ohio'
from Nome, 'for Seattle; schr | Wempe Bros,
from Redondo, for. Port Townsend; achr Gam
ble, from Naknek, for Pu get Sound; Danish
bark Cimbria, •from .' Acapulco, for Puget
Sound;, bark Alex McNeil, hence June 15 for
Seattle; bark : Vidette, from San Pedro " for
Tacoma. ...,.• . -
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT t LOBOS, ! June 25, 10 p in — Weather
hazy; wind NW,. velocity, 28 mlles-per hour.-.
TELEGRAPHIC.
. LONDON, June 24— Fr bark Due d'Aumale,
previously, renorted having been towed In Ca
lais as a- result of collision, struck quay wall
whlje entering, tidal basin at Calais, seriously
injuring her bows;, will be drydocked for re
pairs, i .-¦ ¦:;...:.-. . .
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per . schr Ohio, at ' Seattl?— June 16, - off St
Lawrence Island, stmr Valencia, from Seattle,
for Ce.ye Nome. ¦ .' -
June 14,'Iat 47 N,' Ion .7 W — Br ship Dun
britton, from . Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles
Per Ft bark Marguerite Mlrabraud— April
10, lat 46 37 S. Ion C4 18 W, schr Beatrice A
Cohaun. Schr asked to be reported in San
Francisco;- that all 'her original set of sails
were carried away and damaged by gales
while lying on ¦ deck. : .'
SAILED.
Wednesday, June 25,
Stmr Brooklyn. Higgins, San Pedro.
Stmr * Scotia, Walvig, Erickson,
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, .. Victoria and
Puzet Sound ports.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, Nanaimo.
Stmr Celia, Hansen, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Storrs, Tacoma.
Schr Polaris. .Murchison, Salinas Cruz.
Sclir Corinthian, Korth, "Coiiuille River. .
SPOKEN.
•Wednesday,. June 25.
Stmr Aztec. Trask, Nanalmo; Pacific Mall
SS Co. ,
Stvnr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Goodall, Perk Ins. & Co. ¦ • <» •
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Ladysmith; R
Du/ismuir'3 Sons Co.. . . - '/
Schr Polaris, Murchlson, Salinas Cruz; C A
Ho^iier & Co.
CLEARED.
RETURNED. • ¦
Wednesday, June 25.
Schr Ocean Spray, Sjagren, from sea in dis
tress. ¦ • ¦ ' ' • . ¦ '• .-
Wednesday, June 25.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 14 hours from Men
doclno. ¦
Stmr laqua, Gunderson, 21 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett, 39 hours from
Ventura; up river direct.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 54 hours from Slus
law River.
Nor strnr Titania. Egcnes, 06 hours from
Nanalmo.
Hark Edward May, Hansen, 20 days from
Makaweli. - r
Bark R P Rithet, McPhail, 15 days from
Hllo. • . • •
Bark Rufus E Wood, McLcod, SO days from
Newcastle, Aus. '
Br bark Battle Abbey, McGhie, 01 days from
Newcastle, Aus. •'.¦>.':; ' .
.Schr Forest Home, Iversen, 13 days from Ta
corra. " . • .
Schr' Lena Sweasey, Hutman, 38 days from
Natividad. • *
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs." ' The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
tho charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Off for a Trip?
"With a trunk or a grip?: if so, select
from our carload stock at our carload
prices. 4 All leather goods, including la
dies' pocketbooks. cameras and , card
cases, lettered in gold free of charge. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
David IXrury Missing.
David, Drury of 1093 - T"f ty>fif th street,
Oakland, was reported to the Coroner
yesterday as having been missing since
last Tuesday. A surgical operation had
been performed upon him on the 20th inst.
at the French Hospital and he left that
institution on the 24th and did not return
to his home. - «¦ ,••».:.",•-¦
' Eddie Holly, the . Pony shortstop, who
has • for some time j past been dissatisfied
with -his berth ¦ in this league, was given
his release yesterday by . Manager Harris.
Holly Goes to Helena.
Friends "of the late Theodore Goodman
Hosmer- are Invited to ; attend funeral
ceremonies at Palo Alto- to-day,' Thursday.
June ,26, taking : train from Third and
TownsendT streets station at 9 a. m.
Funeral of Theodore G. Hosmer.
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
ticulars.
, . Call at Santa Fe ticket office, 611 Market
street, .for illustrated pamphlet and full par-
The quickest and most • convenient way In
and 'out of- the Yosemite Valley. Is by way of
the Santa Pe.'t If you leave San Francisco to
day at 0 a.'.m. .'on the : California Limited you
are in .Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m. .
Overdue Bark Arrives.
¦ The British bark Battle Abbey, ninety-one
j days from Newcastle, Australia, and upon
J which 15 per cent reinsurance had been paid,
1 arrived yesterday with her cargo of coal in
good condition and all hands well. She encoun
! tered rough weather during the voyage, had ssv.
t eral sails blown away and arrived off the coast,
making steamship tlmo under topsails, J with
the wind blowing fifty miles an hour. The
i bark Rufus E, Wood, out eiehty-nine days,
: also arrived yesterday from ' Newcastle. Aus
tralia. The Wood left Newcastle March 28 in
a howling northeaster, which continued until
April 5. The seas filled the decks to the rails
and sails were blown awaj'. The ship was
. thrown on her beam ends and was later driven
: before .the wind to the westward of the Fiji
I Island:.
Returns in Distress.
The schooner Ocean Spray, which left here
June 23 for Coquille River, returned yesterday
with her main rigging gone and her water
tanks demolished. She sustained the damage
on Tuesday- afternoon in a northwesterly gale
off Point Reyes.
Honolulu Packets Arrive.
The bark Edward May, twenty days from
Makaweli. and the bark R. P. Rlthet, fifteen
days from Hllo. arrived yesterday with cargoes
of sugar. The May brought 23.200 bags and the
Rlthet 32.000 bags and passengers as follows:
Mrs. D. W. Marsh. H. F. Judy, Gus Forboze,
M. G. Gcss and F. Kraemer.
• \r- .
Loses Her Tow.
The weather bureau at Point Reyes reports
that the steamer National City, which left
Sun rises 4:49
Sun sets 7:35
Moon rises 10:50 p. m.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) ab ut
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort, Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
.Times and Heights of High and . Low
• "Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published , by official au
thority of the Superintendent: * ¦
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Movements of Steamers.
Lumber for Mexico.
The schooner Polaris sailed yesterday for
Salina Cruz with 32,308 feet lumber, valued at
?64C and 30,493 railroad ties, valued at $12,807.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mtr
. chants' Exchange, San"" Francisco, Cal.,
June 25, 1902. --.
The Time Eall on the tower of the. Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. ¦• ¦
Jt t. McMillan,
Nautical Expert, In charge.
Time Ball.
i Although the "big four" has abandoned all
j attempts to bring Into use the new form of
charter, the combination has assumed the right
I to dictate in the matter of loading, and another
; fight may be precipitated between local char
i t«rers and foreign owners. Although the Brit
; ish ships Kynance. Corunna and Queen Victoria
; and the German ship Alsterdam were chartered
j some time ago and under the old form, no steps
i have yet been taken toward loading any of
i them. The "Hie Four" insists that the San
1 Francisco Stevedoring Company, on account of
• superior equipment, be engaged to attend to
j the loading. McAllister & Woodslde were se
; lected by the owners to do the stevedoring of
¦ the Queen Victoria and Menzies & Co. had
I been enKa^ed to do the work In the cases of
I the other ships. The owners say they will
I stand by their agreement with the smaller
; firms cf stevedores. The "Big Four" says the
> Kan Francisco Stevedoring. Company must do
! the work. Horns have been locked and no
i work will be done pntil the matter is settled.
Would Monopolize Stevedoring.
Xearly $500,000 was wagered in this port
on the.H. F. Glade's chance of arrival.
The fact that she was foul of bottom
when she left this port gave local specu
lators confidence in her safety. The feel
ing in England was otherwise and large
turns of British money were wagered on
the assumption of her loss. Had the
Glade arrived more than $500,000 would
have been divided in San Francisco. As
matters stand the division of the spoils
took place yesterday but In London and
Liverpool. . ,
The Glade has not been reported since
she sailed through the Golden Gate and
her fate may never be known.
THE German ship H. F. Glade,
which left here 249 days ago for
Queenstown with a cargo of
grain, was yesterday posted at
IJoyds as missing. She may still
be on the water: she may have gone ;
down early in the voyage. She is now
officially dead, all the financial specula- i
tlon as to her welfare has come to an
end, bets will be paid and collected and
the H. F. Glade will go down in marine
history as the most be-gambled risk upon
which reinsurance speculators ever turned
loose.
The case of Albert Hornleln of the Cafe
Royal charged with battery upon M. Fass
was dismissed by Judge Fritz yester
day. Fass claimed that after he lost his
meney at poker he asked Hornleln for
the loan of a dollar and Horniein threw
him out of the place. The Judge said
there was nothing to contradict the evi
dence of the defense that the place was
a club and that Horniein as a director
had the power to remove any one who
¦was obnoxious.
Horalein Case Is Dismissed.
OAKLAND.
grounder past second which sent Francks
to the goal and no one out. The score:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b 6 1 2 0 4 1 1
Lohman, c.~.. ....... 4 0 10 4 2 0
Streib, lb 5 0 0 0 15 .0.0
McCreedle, r. 1 5 0 10 2 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 6 0 11 3 2 1
Dunleavy. 1. f 6 1 1 0 7 0?
Francks, s. s 6 1 4 0 3 10 1
Gorton, c. f 4 12 0 10 0
Schmidt, p 6 0 3 0 0 3 0
Totals AS 4 15 1 39 IS " 3
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s. s... 5 0 10 2 3 0
Lawler, r. f 5 0 O 0 1 0 .0
Jackson, 1. f 6 10 0 4 0 1
Householder, c. f 5 1 1 0-8 0 0
Rellly, 3b 5 0 0 %0 2 2 0
Raymer. 2b 5 1114 7 0
Roach, c 5 0 10 7 2 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 2 0- 13 1 0
Jones p 6 0 0 10 2 1
Totals .45 3 6 2*36 17 2
•No outs when winning run was made.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 00 0 010002000 0 — 3
Base hits. 0 0 0 030002100 0 — 6
Oakland--:..... -.0 0 00 11010000 1 — 4
Base hlts.......l 22113010110 2—15
SUMMARY. ...
Two-base hits — Mohler 2, McCreedie, House
holder. Toman, Francks. Sacrifice hits — Gor
ton 2, Lohman, Strelb. First base on errors —
Oakland 2, Los Angeles 3. First base on called
balls — Off Schmidt 3, off Jones 2. Left on
bases — Oakland 11. Los Angeles 6. Struck out
— By Schmidt 3, by Jones 5. Double plays —
Raymer to Toman to Hanlon; Roach to Rellly;
Devereaux to Strelb: Francks to Streib. Passed
ball — Lohman. Time of game — Two hours and
30 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
RING IS HARD HIT \ >
AT "WASHINGTON PARK
five and a half furlongs — Golden Maxim won.
Hurst Park second, Whorler third. Time,
1:03 2-5.
Fourth race, the Rockaway cup, steeplechase,
full course, about two miles and a half — Bor
ough won. Self Protection second. Hark For
ward third. Time, 5:21.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Leonid won. Van
Ness second, Rossingnot third. Time, 1:27 3-5.
Sixth race, handicap, one mile and a furlong,
on turf — Royal won, Roxane second. Advance
Guard third. Time. 4:54 4-5.
BUFFALO, June 25. — Fort Erie summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs— Carrie Z
won, Irvine second. Storks third. Time, 1:21.
Second race four and a half furlongs — Her
Letter won, Corrlso second, Louise Collier
third. Time. :55%.
Third race, seven furlongs— Rotterdam won.
Sir Florian second, Almle M third. Time.
1:26%.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs — Lady
¦ Berkley won. Iridescent second, Brlssae third.
Time, 1:23%.
Fifth rv", handicap, five furlongs — Special
Tax won. George Perry second. All Souls third.
Time, 1:03.
Sixth race, one mile — Slips won. Pretty Rosi»
second, Bell Court third. Time. 1:45)4.
BUTTE. Mont.. June 25. — Results:
First race, six furlongs — Nonle won. Daw
son second. Rosin third. Time. 1:24.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards—
Ulloa won. The Singer second. El Fonse third.
Time, 1:40%.
Third race, five furlongs — King of Diamonds
won, WInnebeJour second, Hattle Perkins third.
Time, l:02y*.
Fourth race, seven and a half furlongs — Me-
Xamara won. TIzona second. Duke of York IX
third. Time, 1:37%.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Sea Queen won. Sir
Doug-al second. Narra G third. Time, 1:16.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Roltaire won.- Mal
lakwa second. Foul Play third. Time, 1:03%.
ST. LOUIS. June 23. — Fair Grounds sum
mary: ,>., i
First race, five furlongs, selling — Ben Lear
won. Wolfram second, Pourquol Pas third.
Time. 1:02%.
Second race, six furlongs, purse — Kalos won
Mr. Mulkey second, Lola Home third, Time.
1:15.
Third race,- one mile and three-sixteenths.
selling — Jim Winn won, Zazel second. W. B.
Gates third. Time. 2:01%.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Fltzkanet
won. Bucdeuth second. Lasso third. Time.
1:15.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Ing — Orris won, Mr. Pomeroy second. Love's
Labour third. Time. 1:46ft.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs — Th*
Phoenician won. Sir Christopher second. Gal-
Ian trie third. Time. 1:21%.
DENVER. June 25. — This was Gentlemen's
Driving Club day at Overland' Park. Weather
warm: track fast. Summary:
First race, trot and pace to wagon — Martha
B won in two straight heats. Time, 2:20, 2:23.
John R. Klectra and Vlometa also started.
Second race, trot and pace to wagon — Jess C
won In two straight heats. Time, 2:19. 2:1!).
Joe Me. Rustic. Slgna Wilkes and Hello Girl
also started.
Third race, four and a half furlongs — F!oxl»
B won, Joe D second, Joe Foster third. Time,
:55.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Chancery won.
Aborigine second: Fearful third. Time, 1:34.
Fifth race, mile — Crosby won. Pilot second.
Life Line third. Time. 1:44.
Sixth race, five and a half furlong* — Rag
norako II won. Dr. Sherman s-cond. St. Blurt
third. Time. 1:10.
CHICAGO. June 25. — The. Gates-Drake com
bination won enormously In the betting rlnjf
on the victories of Conundrum and Flying
Torpedo at Washington Park to-day. It is said
its winnings on these two race* were close to
5100,000. Results:
First race, one mile and seventy yards — Alad
din won, Prowl second, Andy Williams third.
Time, 1:50.
Second race, five furlongs — Foxy Kane won.
Air Tight second, Topaoll third. Time, 1:04 3-6.
Third race, the Auburn stakes, selling, for
three -year-olds and upward, value to winner
$2675, one mile and a' sixteenth — Flying- Tor
pedo won, Little Scout second; Brulare third.
Time, 1:52 3-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs^ — Conundrum won.
Rag Tag second; Illuminate third. Time, 1:10.
Fifth race, one mile — Vulcaln won, Bragg
second. Alfred Vargrave third. Time, 1:47.
Sixth race, six furlongs^ — Stuyve won. If You
Dare second, Ciales third. Time, .1:19 3-5.
NEW YORK, June ' 25.— Sbeepshead . Bay
summary:
First race, five • and • a half furlongs — Short
Hose won, Mezzlo second, Lady Charlotte third.
Time, 1:08 1-5.
Second race, one mile — Port Royal won. Key
note second. Slip Thrift third. Time, 1:39 3-5.
Third race, the Zephyr stakes, two-year-olds.
The British steamer Askehall loads oats at
Tacoma for Cape Town at 40s; the French bark
Jane Guillon. wheat at this port for Europe at
25s; the barkentine Kohala, lumber at Hast
ings Mills for Delagoa Bay at 65s. All char
tered prior to arrival. The bark Roderick Dhu
returns to Hilo with general cargo.
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
here on Tuesday with the barkentine "Willie
R. Hume in tow for Fort Bra??, was obliged
to let go of the sailing: vessel at 3 o'clock yes
terday afternoon off the North Farallones on
account of a heavy northwester.
FROM SEATTLE.
VESSEL, .UPON WHICH 15 PER CENT REINSURANCE WAS PAID AND
WHICH, NOTWITHSTANDING THE FEARS, OF THE ORIGINAL UNDER- •
WRITERS, ARRIVED SAFELY YESTERDAY FROM NEWCASTLE.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived June 25— Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York,' via Boulogne.
ANTWERP — Arrived June 25 — Stmr Switz
erland, from Philadelphia.
LIZARD— Passed June 2Z>— Stmr Philadel
phia, from New York, for Southampton.
LONDON — Arrived June .25 — Stmr Mesaba,
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 25— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York. I
NAPLES— Arrived June . 25 — Stmr Lahn,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — • Arrived June "• ¦ 25-^-Stmr
Noordland. from Philadelphia.
Sailed June. 25— Stmr Saxonia. from Boston.
V PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 25— Stmr Ethio
pia, from New York.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 25 — Stmr Meno
mlnee, from London;, stmr Graf Waldersee,
from Ham burr. • ¦ ' ¦ ** ' • -
Sailed June 25 — Stmr " Oceanic, for Liver
pool; stmr St Paul, for Southampton.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP — Arrived June 23 — Br shlo Scot
tish Minstrel, from Oregon; Br ship William
Mitchell, from Orecon.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 24 — Br ship Bar
dowle, from -Oregon.'
COLON — Arrived June 22 — Br stmr Gray
field, from Norfolk.
NEWCASTEE. Aus— Sailed June 23 — Br ship
Ancona, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 24— Ger bark
Relnbek, for Hamburci
PANAMA— To sail June 23— Stmr City of
Para, for San -Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed June 24— Stmr Peru,
for- San Francisco.
¦ Arrived June 25 — Br stmr Coptic, hence
May 27.
VANCOUVER— Arrived June 25— Br stmr
Empress of China, from Hongkong and Yoko
hama. •
VICTORIA. B C — Sailed June -25 — Br stmr
Wellington, for San Francisco; Br stmr Quito,
for .-
CALLAO — Sailed June 24 — Ger stmr Tot
nus, for 1 San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VENTURA— Passed June 25— Tue Monarch,
with barsre Santa Paula in tow, hence May
23, for Seattle.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed June 25— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
CLALLAM' BAY— Arrived June 25— Schr
Wempe Brothers, f rom ¦ Redondo. *
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived June 25— Schr
Ida Schnauer, hence June 10.
EASTERN PORTS.
SANDY HOOK— Arrived June 25— Br stmr
Bt Hubert, from Juntn.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 24— Stmr Fi
nance, for Colon.
CAPE NOME — Arrived June 11 — Stmr John
S Kimball, from Seattle; stmr Centennial,
from Seattle; stmr Garonne, from Seattle; stmr
Senator, from Seattle. June 13 — Stmr Roa
noke, from Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 25— Stmr Ohio,
from Cape Nome; Br stmr Cymbeline, from
Tacoma.
Sailed June 25 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; schr Glen, for Ban Francisco; Br bark
Woollahra, for Sydney.
FAIRHAVEN — Arrived June 25-;-Stmr Olym
pic, hence June 22. ' ¦ ". .
UMPQUA RIVER— Sailed June ' 21— Schr
for Sab Pedro. ¦ '..¦
7, for Port Gamble; stmr Ohio, from Cape
Nome, for Seattle.
Passed outward June 25 — Stmr Charle* Nel
son, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
Sailed June 25 — Schr J II Colman, for Ta
coma. .
Passed in June 25 — Brig Tanner, from San
Pedro. - .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 25— Stmr Coos
Bay, hence June 23; barge Santa Paula, in tow
tug Monarch, hence June 23.
Sailed June 25 — Stmrs Noyo, G C Lindauer
and Santa Monica, lor San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived June 25— Stmr
Rainier, from New Whatcom.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived June 25 — Schr
Courtney Kord, hence Juna 7.'- ?; ; .
. TACOMA — Arrived June 25 — Stmr Spokane,
from Sltka; Br stmr Askehall, from Talca
huano; Br stmr Cymbellne, from Seattle; Ger
stmr Pentaur, from Nanalmo.
Sailed June 25— Stmr Spokane, for Seattle:
stmr UmatUIa, . for Pueet Sound ports.
Arrived June 25 — Schr Ai.nie Larsen, front
San Pedro; se.hr; Luzon; from San Pedro; bktn
Portland, hence June '3. v " ' !
Sailed June 25 — Bark Coloma, for San. Pedro.
COOS BAY — Arrived June 25 — Schr Joseph
Rus3. from San Pedro.,"-. _ ' ,. *¦*¦ -,. ¦••
Sailed June 25— Schr Chas E Fa lie, for -San
Francisco. ",.'..
.EUREKA— Arrived June- 25— Schr. Mary E
Ruse, from San Pedro; schr J B Leeds, hence
June 17.
• He hesitated as , to where he should
throw it but finally decided on first base.
Hanlon was not there and the throw went
wide, sending: Francks to third and Gor- j
ton to second. Schmidt was there at the j
correct moment and delivered a hot I
Oakland 2 to 1 when the Angels, on a
double from Householder's club, a. single
by Hanlon and a bad error by Francks,
tied the result in the ninth.
For the ensuing four innings the play
was the . best of the game. All kinds of
difficult chances were accepted. . Many
players I reached bases only to be lett
there when a hit would bring them in.
The . Oakland half of the thirteenth was
opened by Francks, who singled past
third. Gorton bunted and Jones picked
up the ball.
Los Angeles landed on Schmidt for
three singles in the fifth, netting one run.
Oakland took a hunch and tied the score
In their half of the same round. Three
more hits put another leader over the
rubber in the sixth. It began to look like
The Oakland, champs began to wallop
the sphere hard from the call of time un
til the game broke up. They secured six
hits before" a man crossed the rubber and
on one. occasion had the pillows all oc
cupied and no outs. They scored but a
lorely tally.
Schmidt and Jones opposed each other
on the slab. Both men were in magnifi
cent form. Jones was hit in a lively man
ner throughout the struggle, but by splen
did hea'dwork and fine fielding the Oak
lands were kept away from the plate
when it looked like an avalanche of runs
on several occasions. The honors, how
ever, go to Schmidt. He held down the
Southern swingers to six hits in the full
thirteen innings of scrappy play.
The Oakland desert upheld its reputa
tion as the regular oasis in the baseball
world for furnishing the hungry fans
with games which have a few additional
rounds tacked on. The nineteen-inning
affair, a few weeks ago was a wonder.
Yesterday thirteen fast explosions of
great baseball were rendered to a rag
time air. 'before Oakland took the crown
of glory by a score of 4 to 3.
On the night of the chase the riders
¦will be entertained at dinner and a ball.
The players In the tennis tournament will
be entertained at the same time.
Two silver cups are offered, one for the
first man to finish and one for the first
•woman. Should a woman lead out all
other competitors she will receive both
trophies.
The distance will be about ten miles
over the foothill country near San Ra
fael. Gaps will be cut in the fences, so
no jumping will be required, although rid
ers may resort to this if they so desire.
Ward McAllister of San Rafael Hunt
Club is in charge of the affair. A. C.
Blumenthal is secretary. He will receive
additional entries until a few days before
the event.
San Rafael Hunt Club officials are mak
ing elaborate preparations for the annual
paper chase which will be ridden over
the Marin County foothills July 5. A
large entry has already been received of
well known horsemen and horsewomen
and an exciting cross-country race is ex
pected. Among the entries already re
ceived are:
Sam Boardman. Bradley Wallace
Max Ullentha.1, R. Clark.
Frank Glass, Miss Klpp,
Herbert Walters, G. Sutro.
B. 2C Huie. Mr. Greer.ebaum,
George Huie. Dr. Vovrinckle,
Jack Hoffman, Mr. and Mrs. Mendell,
E. >T. Fischer. Mr. and Mrs. Brett,
Miss H. Steinberser, Charles Kenyoun,
Jesse Goldstein, Sydney Salisbury,
E. 2C Rorison, William Guskow,
Mr. and Mrs. Silber- Miss Marie Oce.
6te:n. Miss Marie Wells.
E. Peneleton, .Miss Annette Brad-
Kiss B. Bruce, shaw.
Miss Bruce, Howard Blethen,
Everett Jf Bee, George Lewis.
In former chases the riders were com
pelled to follow the leadership of the so
called master of the hounds until a short
distance from the finish. When this point
¦was reached they all dashed away for
home as best they could. This year Frank
Glass, master of the hounds, vrill not set
the pace. Each rider can go at his or
her sweet will.
Ten-Mile Course Across the
Marin Foothills, With
out Jumps.
ScHmidt '. and Jones Engage
in Great Pitchers'
Struggle.
Fast and Snappy Work
Keep3 Result in
Balance.
Clever Horsewomen and
Horsemen Are to
Start.
AMATEURS ENTER
A PAPER CHASE
OAKLAND WINS
IN THIRTEENTH
THE ; SAN FB ANCISCO C a£l, THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1902.
H. F. GLADE, NINE MONTHS OUT,
IS POSTED MISSING AT LLOYDS
5
Steamer. I Destination. ISalls.j Pier.
Jnnc -(». I
Tampico... Puget Sound Porls. 5 pmlPier 21
Acme Siuslaw River 3 puijPler 'i
Phoenix Mendoclno City ... 3 pmlPler 13
Pomona .... Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 1 1
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jnnc 27. ¦ . ' '
Westport... i?car Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder... | Astoria & Portland. H am Pier 24
S. Monica.. 'Grays Harbor 4pm|Pier-2
—^ . Jnne 2S. I
S Barbara. Astoria & Portland. 4 pm|Pier 2
Kureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 1.1
Pt. Arena., i Point Arena 2 pm|Pier 2
H. Maru... [China & Japan.... 1 pmlPMSS
San Juan.. IN.. V. via Panama. 12 m PMSS
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Jnne 29. j
Despatch... Sea ttle-Falrhaven ..[12 m Pier lfi
Santa Rosa I San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts tO am Pier 16
Jnne SO.
Argo Kel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Portland... Nome & St. Mlcnael 2 pm Pier 31
Rival.. Willapa Harbor ...| 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 11)
Jnly 1. I
C. Nelson . . Seattle* & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 2
Albion Riv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier IS
Coos Bay.. S-an Pedro & Wav.. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Arequlpa... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Jnly- 2. '
Rainier Prattle & Whatccm 4 pm Pier 1 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt X)ifd 12 . m Pier 13
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
July a.
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way 10 am Pier 7
Pentaur Hamburg & Way. . 121 m Pier 10
July 5. j
Chehalls... Grays Harbor .:... 4 pm|Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPler 19
July 7.
Curacao.... Mexican Ports . . . . 10 am|Plcr 11
Steamer.
From
I
Due.
Santa Cruz.. Southern Coast :. June 26
Crescent City Crescent City June 26
Eureka Humboldt June 26
Queen PuRet Sound Ports . . . . June 26
Santa Rosa.. g a n Dleco & V, r ay Ports June 2«
Point Arena. J Point Arena June 26
Arctic | Humboldt ¦ June 2t>
Rival Willapa Harbor June 2T
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 27
Kevadan New York June 27
Curacao. ., K Mexican Ports June 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. June 27
S. Monica.... San Pedro June 27
Despatch ,j g a n Pedro . . . '. June 28
S. Barbara...' san pd,^ . .|June28
Rainier Whatcom IJune 2S
Coronado Grays Harbor June 2$
Coos. Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 28
China China & Japan June 2.S
North Fork. . Humboldt Jun* 28
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacnma ...... June 23
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 29
Pentnur. | Seattle : June 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria ,. .. .(June 29
Pomona Humboldt June 2s)
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 30
Edith Seattle June SO
San Jose New York via Panama. June 30
Abydos Hamburg v. YV-st Coast. June 30
Umatills. IPuRet Sound Vorts July 1
Corona | Newport & Way Ports.. July 2
San Pedro. . . .] Grays Harbor July 2
Chchalis 1 Grays Harbor July 3
Arab Nanaimo July -I
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... July i
Doric China & Japan July 5
CityPucbla.. Puget Sound Ports July C
Australia Tahiti July 7
Steamer. I For. ¦ . I Sails.
For.
I Sails.
Diiigo Skagway & Way. Ports. June 2(
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 'Zi
Spokane..... Skagway & Way Ports. June 2?
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. June 2J
Senator Nome July 3
Oregon ,. Nome & Teller July I
Cottage City. Skagway & Wav Ports. July ,2
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael July i
Farallon Skagway & Way Port3. July E
City Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports, July f
Ohio Nome & St. Michael...! July t
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. July 5
0 Time Time Time ' Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. -— — Ft.
o H W L. W ¦ H "W L. W
2tt 1:55 4.2 8:44 0.9 4:06 4.9 9:43 \ 2.9
27 3:00 4.0 »:30 1.3 4:40 6.0 10:53 2.5
28 4:22 8.7 10:22 1.8 5:17j 5.111:51 2.0
29 5:35 3.6 11:15 .2.2 6:00 6.2
¦ L W H W |I, W H VT ,
SO 0:51 1.3 7:21 3.6|12:12 '2.4 6:46 • 8.4
1 1:49 0.4 8:45 3.81 1:10 2.7 7:34 5.0
2 2:42 — 0.2 0:47 4.0| 2:06 2.8 8:33 5.8
Steamer. I Destination. ISalls.j Pier.
Jnnc -(». I
Tampico... Puget Sound Porls. 5 pmlPier 21
Acme Siuslaw River 3 puijPler 'i
Phoenix Mendoclno City ... 3 pmlPler 13
Pomona .... Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 1 1
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jnnc 27. ¦ . ' '
Westport... i?car Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder... | Astoria & Portland. H am Pier 24
S. Monica.. 'Grays Harbor 4pm|Pier-2
—^ . Jnne 2S. I
S Barbara. Astoria & Portland. 4 pm|Pier 2
Kureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 1.1
Pt. Arena., i Point Arena 2 pm|Pier 2
H. Maru... [China & Japan.... 1 pmlPMSS
San Juan.. IN.. V. via Panama. 12 m PMSS
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Jnne 29. j
Despatch... Sea ttle-Falrhaven ..[12 m Pier lfi
Santa Rosa I San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts tO am Pier 16
Jnne SO.
Argo Kel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Portland... Nome & St. Mlcnael 2 pm Pier 31
Rival.. Willapa Harbor ...| 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 11)
Jnly 1. I
C. Nelson . . Seattle* & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 2
Albion Riv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier IS
Coos Bay.. S-an Pedro & Wav.. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Arequlpa... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Jnly- 2. '
Rainier Prattle & Whatccm 4 pm Pier 1 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt X)ifd 12 . m Pier 13
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
July a.
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way 10 am Pier 7
Pentaur Hamburg & Way. . 121 m Pier 10
July 5. j
Chehalls... Grays Harbor .:... 4 pm|Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPler 19
July 7.
Curacao.... Mexican Ports . . . . 10 am|Plcr 11
0 Time Time Time ' Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. -— — Ft.
o H W L. W ¦ H "W L. W
2tt 1:55 4.2 8:44 0.9 4:06 4.9 9:43 \ 2.9
27 3:00 4.0 »:30 1.3 4:40 6.0 10:53 2.5
28 4:22 8.7 10:22 1.8 5:17j 5.111:51 2.0
29 5:35 3.6 11:15 .2.2 6:00 6.2
¦ L W H W |I, W H VT ,
SO 0:51 1.3 7:21 3.6|12:12 '2.4 6:46 • 8.4
1 1:49 0.4 8:45 3.81 1:10 2.7 7:34 5.0
2 2:42 — 0.2 0:47 4.0| 2:06 2.8 8:33 5.8
Steamer.
From
I
Due.
Santa Cruz.. Southern Coast :. June 26
Crescent City Crescent City June 26
Eureka Humboldt June 26
Queen PuRet Sound Ports . . . . June 26
Santa Rosa.. g a n Dleco & V, r ay Ports June 2«
Point Arena. J Point Arena June 26
Arctic | Humboldt ¦ June 2t>
Rival Willapa Harbor June 2T
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 27
Kevadan New York June 27
Curacao. ., K Mexican Ports June 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. June 27
S. Monica.... San Pedro June 27
Despatch ,j g a n Pedro . . . '. June 28
S. Barbara...' san pd,^ . .|June28
Rainier Whatcom IJune 2S
Coronado Grays Harbor June 2$
Coos. Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 28
China China & Japan June 2.S
North Fork. . Humboldt Jun* 28
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacnma ...... June 23
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 29
Pentnur. | Seattle : June 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria ,. .. .(June 29
Pomona Humboldt June 2s)
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 30
Edith Seattle June SO
San Jose New York via Panama. June 30
Abydos Hamburg v. YV-st Coast. June 30
Umatills. IPuRet Sound Vorts July 1
Corona | Newport & Way Ports.. July 2
San Pedro. . . .] Grays Harbor July 2
Chchalis 1 Grays Harbor July 3
Arab Nanaimo July -I
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... July i
Doric China & Japan July 5
CityPucbla.. Puget Sound Ports July C
Australia Tahiti July 7
Steamer. I For. ¦ . I Sails.
For.
I Sails.
Diiigo Skagway & Way. Ports. June 2(
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 'Zi
Spokane..... Skagway & Way Ports. June 2?
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. June 2J
Senator Nome July 3
Oregon ,. Nome & Teller July I
Cottage City. Skagway & Wav Ports. July ,2
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael July i
Farallon Skagway & Way Port3. July E
City Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports, July f
Ohio Nome & St. Michael...! July t
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. July 5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YlS*^ The crutch is a poor substitute for legs, and affords a -very
I \y inconvenient and tiresome mode of locomotion — there is no more
llM| pathetic sight than a person slowly and painfully moving along the
VflT street supported by these artificial limbs.
Ay -When Rheumatism settles in the bones and muscles of the le^s
jm it is safe to predict that the victim will eventually become helpless
fl \\ and crutch-bound. The corrosive, irritating matter that is deposited •
V in the joints and muscles causes the most intense pain, the knees
' and ankles swell, and when the natural oils and fluids that lubricate
these parts are completely destroyed the joints become locked and
the muscles drawn and stiff, and crutches a necessity.
The acid poisons that produce rheumatic pains form in the blood, and are
distributed through the system, and lodged in the arms, shoulders', hands,
back and feet, or other parts of the body — resulting often in total disability!
A permanent cure of Rheumatism can be effected only by a complete cleans-:
ing of the blood, and no other remedy so surely accomplishes this as S. S. S.
It neutralizes the acid effects, purifies and invigorates the stagnant blo'odj
and the gritty particles are washed out or dislodged ¦ ;• _ _^ • V" -
by the new rich bl odd, and relief comes to the fs«^ CiT^ fc*^
pain-racked sufferer. S. S. S. leaves no morbid;
' irritating matter in the blood to reunite andproduce K«Z)) KJu K^^J
another attack, but expels every atom of it from -^-^ %*-•
the system. S. S. S. is a purely vegetable remedy, ami does not impair
the digestion or general health like alkali or potash remedies. ,,
Write for our special free 'book on Rheumatism, -and if any medical
advice or other information is wanted, our physicians will gladly furnish
it without charge. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAr,
£ The True Reason J
Vrhy eminent physicians throughout tho !
world endorse Himrod's Cure for Asth- I
sna is because they have thoroughly I
tested and demonstrated its remarkable
alleviating and curative powers in all
diseases of the respiratory organs.
Hiinrod's Cure for Asthma is a reliable
remedy in which you can place absolute
confidence. Used as an inhalation, it in-
stantly relieves and sooths the inflamed
xnembranes and quiets the severest
paroxysms •without after bad effects. If
you are skeptical, if you have lost confi-
dence, if you have given up all hope of
ever being cured, send for A FREE
SAMPLE. A trial will do you much
good and convince you of its remarkablo
efficacy.
HIMROD MAINTF'G CO.
44-16 VESEY ST. NEW YORK.
For «*le by all druggists.
Quickly Cured at Home— Any Lady Can
J Do it— Costs Xothins to Try.
A n«w tasteless discovery which e«n b« pi'^n in tea.
•oflee or food. HexrtUy endorsed by W. c. T. U. and aU
temperance workers. It doe* lti work so silently and
sorely that while the deroted wife, zliier or daughter
look; on, the drunkard is reclaimed eren asrainst hit wi it
and without hU knowleds^. Sen<l rcur name ahri addreei
to Dr J. W. Haloes, "t* Glenn Bids- Cincinnati, O.. and
fee win ma.il a trial package of Golden Specific free to
Show how easily it is to cure drunkards with thle remedy.
I-'ulI-i-!zed boxes of Golden Specific are for
dale in Ean Francisco by J. R. GATES & CO..
417 Etssome at. ¦• .
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF ANATOMY^
\ Of The Larpett Anatomical Museum in the \
O *.jT h"i *% eiknrtvci or any contracted a
" Z3$3u ««ease p»»i««»»l7 <-¦'?>< hy thr eldest T
A h'#wJ\ OR. JORDAN-DISEASES (IF MEN Q
\ I Cj^jJa CotisultttieB free and stii'tly rriTite. \
D I jS^LH Trearm'iJit prr«on?llv or by l-;ter. A a
W B flr «n M PenUve Curt in every case undertaken. \
llS |l A Write for Book. rBILONOFBY.f /(
» " B p BABRIACE. MAILED FXIE. ( A J
X n fjL valuable book for m»n ) \
Q Da. JOBDA.SC A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. 9
EE^SSmb V RS?H edb tg wB3m JS
bt HALL 'S SEIN YiCORATOR OTJ5
i-trr: ill! kls^f- in 24 hourF. Vive 13 ?^
Jiundred reward for any rase we \"JSX Kit i
cannot cure. This »«cret rem- • {
f-cy •¦urrF. Emissions. Impoteno'. K?5H B?5
VarieooA] P _ Gonorrhoea, <Ilf>Pt. \ific 'fyr
Strictures, I)raJn«, Lost Man- JgU iU
hord nwi all other wastine of- !^^ &T*
Pent sealpd. ?2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5: guaranteed
to cure any cmo. Call or nddress orders
HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE 855 nroad-
tvay. Oakland.. Cal. Also for fale at I073>i
Market St.. S. F. Send for free book. „ "
tTong PoChy,
Successor to DH. L.I PO TAI.
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
SANITARIUM.
SNo. 727 WASHINGTON ST.,
Corner Brenham Place. Above
Plaza. San Francisco. Cal.
Office hours from 9 to 12 and
1 to O. Sundays, 9 to 12.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Women's Neckwear===Extra
Stylish Pieces Reduced.
o_ — — ; ¦ — n
- — 50c~were 60c, 75c, 98c.
/ -98c-ivere $1.50.
— $1.50— were $2.00, $2.50, $8. 25, $1.00.
• Some 120 pieces of women's fine neckwear, including bows, stocks,
four-in-hands — jabots and cascades — in chiffon, silks and wash mate-
rials. They are a bit soiled from handling — don't hurt much —
Collar; cuffs and belt embroider i d to match.
98c a set — were $1.50.
Fine linen sets in white and grass linen color — embroidered with
white — black— pink — and blue sik.
Neck Ruffs $1.00 and $2.00.
Latest black and white styles— new and dainty— just from our
workrooms — there's the secret. We make them prettier — put more care
and time on them and do it cheaper than factories.
Proof is in seeing them. Made of black pleated liberty silk with
I black and white juby trimming — long pleated ends edged with juby. I
Carpet Ends 75c.
:. . 0 -_ __ -6
— Vdve 1 } and Tapestry Brussels.
Drummer's samples — just right for rugs or mats
¦ — -to put in front of bureaus or bathtubs.
Not more than 200. They'll go quicker than they
ought.
Velvet Carpet Ends — Are 27 in ches square — finished with neat wool
fringe — good colors.
Tapestry, Brussels Ends — Are 36x27 inches^ — fringed ends — good- pat-
terns and colors.
We have been selling them for 95c, but to quickly close out the
lot to-day we make this new price — 75c.
¦ 6- ¦ — o
Women's Kid Gloves 75c.
The regular dollar quality.
o — •. ¦ '¦ 9
A splendid, sturdy glove.
2-clasp Prime German Lambskin in every style — from S r A to 7, in-
clusive. Three best shades^ — tan — mode — brown. The clasp isn't ex-
iactly as ordered. They can't go in regular stock, so we put a special
sale price on them this morning — 75c per pair.
. ; ¦ O
[Market Street, | jgg)y /JT^Siki ffw^V | Market Street, |
i Opposite Golden j Jffl I Opposite Golden I
Gate Avenue. -^^*£*®Ol> GOOD^i'^ X Gate Avenue. I
Hale's.
Hale's.
! RHEUMATISM I
| 6} CAN BE CURED §
© *^j^fe^a»^jAS^|sSS^^^" Rheumatism is a most pitiless ©
2 malady. It destroys the poor Y
O J^^^^^^^^^^^^^k. tvorkingman as quickly as the S
© ;^S^^^MB^iL *-' man ot wea ' l h- It pets into your q
0 blood, lays its grip upon your tis- ®
0 ;. • sues ' an 4 estr °y s y° ur health O
© /jaSSiSftSpgffilJM and happiness. I would urpe you ©
© [^StSSSS^SBSmr to ?^ t * l u P° n fi rst s '?ht as you ©
2 /jg(^H!BMeanBap wculd a snake; jjet it out of 5
0 AgslJBtSHSSHKi your blood and free your tissues a
© /J^^^^^S^ft' r ° m itS bIi shtinsr influence. 0
© DR * MCLAUGHLIN'S S
1 «1^[ . ELECTRIC BELT g
® r MormIbk$Z > will cure you. S
% '-*= — 1. flftila a corn er and destroy it. Mv Belt ©
<*^» $& ' ' muscles and nerves, and cures the ©
ft '^t»$*Ld8fcS§l worst case of rheumatism in from ~
S —^/ffflVy^rfr^" cured bad cases in three hours «
q and can guarantee a permanent cure in. every curable case. I can prove 0
q 2000 cures of rheumatism in the past year. Q
I COWE AND SEE ME. •
Q I want to~ show you. free, what I can do in rheumatism. I will grive ©
Q you a free test of. my treatment and you can feel relief in a few minutes. .*•
• This will prove to you what it can do when it pumps vitalizing Electricity..©
• into your body for hours while you sleep. If you can't call, write for my ©
• book, with, beautiful illustrations and lots of information. If you have an **
2 old belt of any other make that blisters your -back or Rives no current at
§ all I will take it in trade. My Belt does not burn or blister. q
§ Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, 906 A n R^LfJL R . EBT - |
#.-. • ,- Office Hours — 8 a. m-. to 8:30 p. m. SuDday3, 10 to 1. O
• NOTE— When you use r>r. McLaughliu's Electric Belt you are under the care ot ©
O a physician. Agents or drujr ttorea are never allowed to sell these goods. 5?
©••••••••••••©••••••©••••••••••••••••••©••••©SPECIAL, efforts are being mads
by the committees having charge
of the arrangements for the
Fourth of July celebration of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians to
be held in Schuetzen Park. San Rafael.
There will be open air exercises to com
memorate Independence day. An original
poem will be delivered by a local poet:
an oration by an eloquent resident of ths
city is scheduled, and patriotic songs will
be sung by the audience. Besides this
there will be games and dancing to amujo
the picnickers. A special platform ha3
b'een erected for Irish jig and reel danc
• ing and valuable prizes will be awarded
to the most expert. There will be a tus
of-war between married and unmarried
men and all kinds of surprises are prom
ised by the committee. /
N.' E. A. Convention, $84 00, San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, going direct lines,
returning Northern Pacific Railway. On sale
July 1 and 2, Rood sixty days. Only requires
six days for^ entire trip through Yellowstone
National Park. Just the season to visit "Na
ture's Greatest Wonderland." The Northern
Pacific train "North Coast Limited," is unex
celled by any other. Seeing is believing. T.
K. Stateler, general agent, 647 Market st., S. F.
Cheap Bates to Minneapolis, Minn.
vantage of the more liberally paid class,
filed an application for a raise of pay to
fo per day. Customs Collector Stratton
was notified by the Secretary of the
Treasury yesterday that \both applica
tions had been denied. \
A Berkeley professor has undertaken the task of
bringing the producer an,d consumer. more closely
together in harmony. He ought to make a low
tackle on the beef trust.
Corruption in public affairs and dishonesty among
officials seem to be diseases most contagious in the
frozen north. Fast upon the Nome frauds conies the
scandal in Dawson which has sent several prominent
officers into exile. J
By vote of the Board of Supervisors San Francisco
is assured of; some new, substantial, : artistic and
health permitting schoolhouses.' For a while at least
after their construction the people of the city will
be u5tified ™ ¦ 5! 1 .. . rea .S9 n ; -. in Rooking' upon them .¦ as
freaks ; of our traditional municipal policy/
The day customs inspectors petitioned
the Treasury Department through the
California Congressional delegation about
a year ago for an increase of pay from S3
per day to $4 per day, , the game pay that
is received by the. discharging inspectors
The latter.: class of officials, probably to
prevent the : two grades' of officials from
becoming merged to the possible dlsad-
Customs Inspectors Bisappointed.
. Special information f supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1012. *
A notorious swindler who has worked himself into
the toils of the Federal court expresses very strenu
ous objections to having his picture taken and re
produced. This is probably one of those cases
where a man's face is too well known to be consid
ered a legitimate asset in trade.
A Redding woman has confessed in court that for
three years she wrote a man burning love-letters for
fear that he might kill her if she showed coldness.
She has placed upon herself an' awful job of persua
sion when she makes love to the next fellow.*
Townsend's California glace fruit, I/Jc a
pound, In artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern' friends. 633 Marl- ¦
street. Palace Hotel building. • '
While we have ; been enjoying' our commerciar in
vasion of the markets of Europe it appears the.Ger
mans have taken away from us a large and valuable
market in South America. We are" evidently;not
yetbig enough to. grab the whole world. When we
reach out forgone place we have to loosen our grip
somewhere else. • , ;
Reduction, genuine eyeglasses, specs, 10c
to 40c. 'Note 81 4th, front barber, grocer. ?
Prunes stuffed with Vpricots. Townsend's. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend**'
•According to the London Lancet the activity of
reformers is not due to moral causes, but to patho
logical conditions. The condition of mind that pro
duces that sort of activity, says the Lancet, "is not
vigilance or prudenca, nor deliberate or considerate
judgment; it is not even a" natural and rational anx
iety, though it may exhibit itself in the guise of any
one of these. It is mere fussiness." It is now up to
the reformers tp refute that diagnosis or take a pill.
The Supervisors' Committee on Charter
Amendments decided yesterday to recom
mend an amendment to the charter pro
viding for progress payments on public
contracts. The necessity of this amend
ment was advocated several months ago
by Commissioner Manson ot the Board of
Public Works. Under the present law
payment on a contract is not made .until
the work is completed and declared satis
factory. Small contractors are thus
barred in many instances from 'bidding,
which tends to lessen the competition. It
was stated that as contractors had to
wait so long for their money they includ
ed in their bids interest on their outlay,
which raised the price of the contracts.
The proposed amendment will authorize
the Supervisors to incorporate in the or
dinance empowering the Board of Works
to let a contract a clause providing for
partial payments to contractors while the
work is in progress. This will be done
under such regulations as may be deemed
necessary.
The committee also reported in favor
of a charter amendmeht whereby the
Board of Public Works tnay permit prop
erty owners to do their own sewer con
necting on unaccepted streets under offi
cial supervision, Instead of having it done
at their expense by the board, as at
present. Commissioner Casey opposed this
amendment on the ground that all sewer
woPk should be done by experts on a uni
form plan. Casey said that the many
leaks and collapses in sewers was due to
the fact that no general plan had been
followed and the work had been done in
a haphazard way.
The committee also adopted a number
of minor changes in the charter provi
sions relating to street improvements in
order to make, the charter conform more
closely to the general law. .
During the discussion Commissioner
Casey expressed himself as , strongly in
favor of the city establishing its own bitu
men plant for the purpose of doing the
repair work on bituminous streets
Casey says that the proposed innovation
would year by year become a matter of
more importance owing to the increased
amount of bituminous paving Casev
think3 the Board of Works should do ail
its own work "of; that character, because
the charter contemplates that it should
and he believes it would result in better
work. He indorses the amendment re
quiring the Board - of Works to do the
street cleaning and bellevea that this will
lead to ¦ th"«- establishment of municipal
John P. Dlgroan will b« in charge of tha
floor and will be assisted by the follow*
ing: young: ladles:
Miss Annie Reedy, M!»s Julia Keeffe, M!m
Mollie McCarthy. Miss Delia Collins, Miss
Bessie Hennessy, Hiss A. Donovan, Miss May
Dunne. Miss Winnie Hlrglns, Miss Annie
Ryan. Miss Annie Morrlssey. Miss May Murray."
Miss Julia Callaghan, Miss Annie Cavanagh.
Miss Asrnes Lyons, Miss J. Molloy, Miss Fannie
GalU-vay. Misa Tessie Powers, Miss May Mc-
Nerney. Miss Hlnnes, Miss Julia Sullivan, Miss
M. Collins. Miss Fravin. Miss Vaughn, Ml9d
Josle Collins. Misa Emily Doyle. - Miss Bessls
I'gan. Miss Julia Keenan. Miss Margaret Kee
nan. Miss Mollie Demjaey, Miss Nellie Con
nell. Miss Rose Deeney, Miss Cora Long. Mls«
Copeland, Miss Pollle Burke. Miss Crawford.
Mi«.s Emma Connell. Miss B. Daly. Miss Han
nah Gibson, Miss L. Murphy, Miss Frank!©
Connell.
CITY CHARTER ,
IS IN NEED'OF
MORE AMENDING
Our sanitary science has conquered yellow-fever in
Cuba. and has before it a battle and a victory over
the cholera in the Philippines. If, however, the dis
ease should pass through a seaport to appear in! the
interior like the smallpox, and should locate on one
of the great watercourses, the consequences would be
.serious, because of the difficulty of fighting it under
such circumstances.
Cholera, unlike smallpox, is equally terrible in the
torrid and the temperate zones. If it were intro
duced and first appeared at " one of our seaports
energetic means would suppress it, as its last attack
on New York was turned by confining it to the ships
in the bay, the quarantine stations and detention
headquarters, so that not a single case appeared in
the city. But this was accomplished by vigorous
measures, including the complete cremation of all
victims of the disease. If the prejudices of the peo
ple did not prevent, cremation would be found the
most powerful agency in stamping out the disease in
the islands. -m'^'
It is known that we received from the Philippines
the most extensive and widely distributed invasion
of smallpox that the country has ever suffered. This
occurred notwithstanding the universality of vacci
nation and the superiority of modern sanitary science.
Smallpox is not feared in the islands and means for
its control are not used. It is one of those diseases
which tropical people do not fear. But their toler
ance of it became the means of exporting it to this
country, where in many States it has been for two
j'ears a. formidable problem' for local and Federal
sanitary officers.
The high death rate proves the very virulent char
acter of the disease. Among the victims are nearly
a hundred American soldiers. The epidemic is re
ported to be increasing and it has evidently got away
from the medical officers entirely and is beyond their
control. Our frequent communication with Manila
through the transport service makes necessary the
most rigid inspection and quarantine.
CHOLERA appeared in Manila in February
and has spread to the provinces. The medi
cal authorities were at first optimistic about
it and made reassuring reports, which have not been
justified by the subsequent spread of the epidemic.
At the last report there had been 8899 cases and 6676
deaths.
For the purpose of the Census Office the industry
was. divided into three branches, those of malt,
vinous and distilled liquors. The reports from all
branches of the industry show that 1,198,602,104 gal
lons of malt liquors, 103,330,423 gallons of distillates
and 23,425,567 gallons of wine were manufactured
during the census year ending May 31, 1900. This is
a total for all classes of i,325,353',O94 gallons, which
does not include quantities reported from small es
tablishments with a product less than '$500 each;
wine returned from farms and as a subsidiary pro
duct of distilleries; and spirits^ returned from
wineries, principally as a by-product.
In the manufacture of malt liquors New York
leads, the value pf her product of that kind in the
census year being $56,137,854. Pennsylvania was
second and Illinois third. In the production of dis
tilled liquors Illinois leads the Union with an out
put for the year of 32,508,435 gallons. Kentucky
ranked second and Indiana third. In the manufac
ture of vinous liquors California held theXfirst place
with a product valued at $3,937,871. New York was
second and Ohio third. . The manufacture of malt
and distilled liquors is fairly well distributed through
out the country, but the production of wine is largely
centered in the three States named. The combined
capital engaged in the industry in California, New
York and Ohio amounts to $8,437,783 out of a total
capital of $9,838,015 for the Union as a whole. \
The totals for all branches of the industry ' show
2835 establishments with a capital of $457,674,087, and
an- output for the census year valued at $340,615,466.
It is noted that the total valuation includes $96,708
443 as the value of distilled liquors, and that amount
includes an indeterminate amount of internal revenue
tax, which cannot be accurately computed because of
lack of uniformity. in reporting it. The report says:
"If such tax were-included in every instance the value
of the distillates reported would approximate $140
poo.ooaand the total value of all liquors would be in
creased from $340,615,466 to about $384,000,000. Re
turns from breweries uniformly included internal
revenue tax in. values of, products."
CENSUS BULLETIN No. 180, just issued,
gives statistics of the manufacture of alco
holic liquors in iooo, which was the first time
the industry was made the subject of a special in
quiry by the Census Office. The report is not ab
solutely accurate. It is stated the determination to
publish detailed statistics of the industry was reached
too late in the organization of the Census Office
work to permit the preparation of .'special schedules
for the collection of information, "and the general
schedule for manufactures had to be used in obtain
ing data. As a consequence there is lack of uniform
ity and completeness in the returns.
PHILIPPINE CHOLERA.
COMMITTEEMAN AND LADIES
WHO ARE ARRANGING FOR HI
BERNIANS* CELEBRATION.
ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS.
While the Appalachian forest is far away from us
California can watch with satisfaction the, action of
the Government in establishing and maintaining, it.
We also have a forestry problem to solve and will be
thankful for whatever help the National Govern
ment gives in such matters. Out of the experiments
to be made in the mountains of Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia and
Alabama lessons will be derived by which we may
profit. The whole Union, in fact, may expect bene-^
fits from the measure, and future results may prove
it one of the most important acts of legislation under
taken by this Congress.
Senator Depew in speaking of the destruction of
the forest said: "It has turned these peaceful waters
into roaring floods, which have plowed deep and
destructive gullies through fertile fields and across
grassy plains. One freshet in the Catawba River last
spring, occasioned wholly by the deforesting of the
mountains, swept away a million and. a half dollars'
worth of farms, buildings and stock. The damage
done by- the freshet of last year alone in the large
territory fed by the streams and rivers which came
from these mountains was estimaied at over $18,000,
000. This destruction cannot be repeated many years
without turning into a desert the fairest portion of
our country."
The maintenance of the great forest means some
thing more than the preservation of the timber; .it
means the preservation also of the rich agricultural
lands that lie along the streams that flow down from
the mountains. The lands affected by those streams
on the Atlantic side of the mountains are 150 miles
wide, while on the Mississippi Valley side they are
much wider. The menace to them in the waste of the
forest lies in the fact that the mountain region has a
heavier rainfall than any other portion of the United
States except the North Pacific Coast. In the win
ter the rain falls in torrents, and where the forests
have been swept away the torrents rush down upon
the lowlands, flooding everything and sometimes ac
tually washing whole farms away.
In his speech on the bill Senator Depew said:
"The Appalachian forest preserve as proposed in the
pending measure is about 150 miles in length and of
varying breadth. It is from 4000 to 6000 feet above
the sea. It runs through - the States of Virginia,
West Virginia, North and South Carolina, Georgia,
Alabama and Tennessee. The slopes of these moun
tains are very steep, varying from 20 degrees at the
lowest to 40 degrees. The waters which flow from
the perpetual streams, fed by the perpetual springs,
run on the one side to the Atlantic and on the other
to the Gulf of Mexico. . .- .» The timber in this
forest is all hardwood, and is the largest body of
hardwood on the ; North' American continent It is
a museum of forest growth, embracing, on account
of its location, the wepods which can be grown in
temperate, semi-tropical and tropical countries.
There are 137 varieties, making this forest one of the
most interesting in the world. The deep soil has
been forming for a thousand years or more, and in
its interlacing of tree roots and humus, of grass and
leaves, there has beer, created an enormous sponge
for the absorption, retention and distribution of the
rainfall."
The forest is to be one of the most extensive in the
world, as it will include upward of 4,000,000 acres of
land. The country, however, is not rich nor well
adapted for agriculture as at present practiced in this
country, and the Government expects to obtain the
desired tract for $10,000,000. While comparatively
valueless for farming purposes the region Is of the
highest value for forestry and also as a point of con
servation of the water supply of a wide area x of
BY a substantial majority the Senate has passed
the bill providing for the establishment of a
vast forest reserve along the crests of the
Appalachian Mountains, in the Southern States. The
• bill has been before Congress for a long time and has
received general approval. It has never been re
garded as a sectional measure, though the benefits
will accrue mainly to the South. One of its most
effective supporters is Senator Depew, whose recent
elaborate speech on the subject had doubtless much
to do in procuring its passage.
THE APPALACHIAN FORESTS.
So far the Directors have vindicated themselves. They do not intend that^for
gery of accounts shall go on> right under theft* noses and while Ihey are investigating
prison affairs. They stamp with disbelief the Governor's report that he found every
thing right and proper when he looked behifid the door, and they declare that "here
after" the criminal practices shall cease as a result of The Call's exposure of their ex
istence heretofore. .,. f . ; ; v . ; ;t .':/:?>¦/ N
When the Governor of California made his celebrated private inquiry and
emerged from behind locked doors to announce that he found prison affairs in fine condi
tion and our charges false, he was fortified by the affidavits of three persons in the prison,
the commissary and two others. These were to the effect that books, bills, records and
accounts were proper, and virgin, and the prison management up to missionary standard.
If these affidavits, procured by the Governor, are true, why do the Directors make their
significant "hereafter" order? The manipulated bills bear the countersign of. the com
missary, who makes affidavit that all was pure and proper. If so,. why not go on counter
signing forged, pasted, patched, substituted and sophisticated- bills for audit by the Direc
tors? It will be seen that the evidence procured by the Governor and treated by him as
exculpatory is not credited by the Directors, who evidently don't consider it worth the
paper upon which it was so hastily written that Sunday wh6n the notary was so sud
denly summoned to affix the jurat.
Not only have we the evidence of this unlawful work, but of the" delivery arid ship
ment of the results to various parties who were the beneficiaries, innocent or otherwise, of
these violations of the law.
The manufacture of furniture, articles of luxury, of harness and other things not
permitted by law was begun in San Quentin shortly after Warden- Aguirre took charge,
and was in full blast at the date of cur exposure. Then there- was a scuttle to cover. Ar
ticles already finished were hidden and those in process were abandoned. Why? If their
production were lawful and legitimate, or our exposure untrue, why stop work and hide
that already done?
There were two lines of dishonesty followed at San Quentin. In their pursuit they
were sometimes distinct and sometimes merged, one being necessary to the suc
cessful practice of the other. The board's "hereafter" order will suppress the
pursuit of one, and the board may. well strike practices in the other heretofore followed,
not only with a stern "hereafter" order but with some measure of punishment. • The sec
ond line is the carrying on of illegal manufactures in the prison. Our proof of this is just
as clear and convincing as that of the manipulation of accounts, which is accepted. by the
Directors without further formality than its appearance in our columns.
The vast extent to which the system of false and forged' accounts has been carried
is not yet wholly known to the Directors. The means of completely informing them are
in hand and at' their disposal when they are ready for the evidence. They will then see
what a multitude of doorways to fraud and theft, heretofore swinging wide open, are
closed by their "hereafter" order. -
We. exposed the extensive use of forgery of bills and accounts by convicts; em
ployed for that purpose: All this part of the exposure is now admitted to be, true by
the Prison Directors, who last Saturday passed an order declaring that: "Hereafter
no claims will be allowed" that bear those stigmata of crooked work and are ob
viously blemished by crime. As this action of the Directors is in advance of the formal
investigation to begin onthe 26th, it is the affirmation by the board that our charges
were true, upon the evidence which we have already submitted. - :
. .."• "Hereafter" tylls blemished, pasted/ substituted, forged and sophisticated . arehot
to be allowed, which means that heretofore such bills have been allowed by the Directors,
who supposed that they were straight and honest bills, as they' were countersigned by
• . ¦¦,«., ;.-¦¦ \ : .;-... > ; ¦ >ry^:>;;r . \ ~ • - ',
r | HE CALL has exposed the sophistication, forgery and substitution of accounts
I at San Quentin. We presented proof that bills had been allowed that were not
.... | made out by the' claimants, nor upon their original bill heads, and that the
..." X . printeXpart.of bill heads had been cut off and pasted upon new bill sheets that
bore accounts not in the handwriting of claimants or creditors, nor for articles actually
sold to the State b} them. _, , - f /Ws- .. ' <.
LIGHT ON SAN QUENTIN.
ANCIENT ORDER OF HIBERNIANS
TO CELEBRATE FOURTH OF JULY
THURSDAY . JUNE 26, 1902
JOHN. D. SPRECKELS, Froprietor. ~~~
I Hint III Cctnumicttiens to W. S. LEASE, Kukg:r. -
"^telephone]
Ask. for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You \v ML
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F. j
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stcrenion St.
Oellrrred hy Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Sfnsrle Copten. 5 Cent*. '. ¦ .
T>rm» l»r Mail. InclnOffiK: Postage!
DAIX/T CALL (Including Sunday), one rear $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including- Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAJLT CALL fineiudinj Sunday), 3 months ,. l.fiil
DAILY CALI*— By EinRle Month «5a
BUNDAT CALL. One Tear .......:.... l.M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All post man tern ire rntliorlzed to recelr*
«a bserl pttons. _, < .
Bareple cedes ¦will be forwarded when requested.
Mall eubecribers tn crderins cha: r« of address should be
putlcnUr to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
' to ia>u re a prorr.pt and correct compliance with their request.
OAIvLAM* OFFICE ;....1115 Broadway
C. GEORGE KnOGXESS.
KttMgtT Foreign Advertising. Karqnttte Building, Ckietgi
tLocc Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASH1XGTOX O>. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OO G St.. If. W.
MORTOX E. CHASE. Correspondent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE , 26, 1902.
6
*^SMs2Sw~»!5!l 00000000000000000000000000000 *^S§*2a«25y
T^jf" 1 ¦¦^""•j^t, 00000000000000000000000000000
"^^ 00000000000000000000000000000 "^ "*^
¦ 00000000000000000000000000000 ' «
OOOOOOOOOOOO — — — — i^ ,^ m^ m w OOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooo " oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo <<f\TTO ff\J XTKATM A »> oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc Uviv wULvlTlBlA oooooooooooo
cooocoooSooS A,Po,edbySanFrand,caWomen. ?°°°°°°°°°°°
oooooooooooo oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo Xrio «? 1T7£ *• T«l#l oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo me aiory 01 1//0 as lola oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo DMmv* lli/» fjimon nf 1OM ooaooooooooo
oooooooooooo liCiorc me uamera 01 W lie. oooooooooooo
oo^SS^SS^S This 1$ Interesting. See It. oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo » , oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc — . oooooooooooo
SSSSSSSSSSSS A TROUSSEAU OF HALF A SSSSSSSSSSS2
oooooooooooo CENTURY AGO. So
oooooooooooo UW * oooooooooooo
hSoishiiio TheOWSoldieratHomeand. EEEil!
SooooooooSoc How He Lives Over Again ° 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
o 0 g^o 0 o 0 o 0^ggo° the Days of '61. ggSgggoooogg
independence $at/ Sdition
Out June 29th.
IBlBTlll THE FOURTH OF JULY GIDL 111111111111
OOOOOOOOOOOO J ' OOOOOOOOOOOO
0SSSSS0SSS00 "Under the Flag" and "Miss SoooooSoSooS
Ilililliilli Ltber *y n . sssusssssss
oooooooooooo Fu » P«S« ¦**» Worth Cutting Out fcr a "oooooooooo
oooooooooooo PosUr. 2SSS22S222S2
oooooooooooc ; oooooooooooo
oooooSSoSoSc FOURTH OF JULY EXODUS -So 0 o 9 o 0 o 0 o 0 --
ooooooSoSooe " FROM SAN FRANCISCO "SSSSSSSSSS
ooSSSooSSSoo ACcmpositePhotobyParment;* oSooSSooooSo
oooooooooooo ' '¦ oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc GET THE INDEPENDENCE DAY EDITION oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc OF THE SUNDAY TAN oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo n . „ „ mcuNUAT UU.L oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc . Pncs 5 Centj. Price 5 Cert; oooooooooooc,
OOOOOOOOOOOO VC.t>. ,00000000000
0000000000000000000 2o 0000000000000000000000 °°°°°°°°°°°°
lilillllli!llllilliilillllllllll||||siili!iiiiliiiliil
Call «ot>«crlber» contemplating: n. cbuse of
KtldcBce durfac tne summer montna can nave
Chelr paper forirarded by mall to their new
¦dflreori by notifying Tne Call Business Office.
Tula paper trill also he on sale at all summer
resort* and la represented by a local agent In
all towns on tlie coast.
10 EDESCEIEEES LFAYIEG TOWS FOB. THE SUMMER.Special Officer Is Convicted.
Louis Terrill, a special officer at North
Beach, was convicted of battery by Judce
Fritz yesterday and will be sentenced
sell the property at the best possible ad
vantage if, in its discretion, it deemed it
best to do so.
this morningr. Terrill llvea on Greenwich
street near Steiner. W. H. Goddard a
peddler, was passing the door of the Ter
£ilJ?? m f^£? onda ? and alIc S cs he saw
Terrill striking hi 3 wife. Goddard went
to Mrs. Terrill's help and Terrill pulled
a revolver out of his pocket. The men
£«£% and after a shar P fl S ht Goddard
took the weapon from Terrill.
PROMINENT TRAGEDIAN WHO
WILL. SUPPORT WARDE
DURING COMING SEASON.
Republican County Committee.
Tho Republican County Committee will
meet this evening to consider a report of
the subcommittee on local apportionment.
Thomas D. tliordan, chairman of the or
ganization, is willing to confer with Colo -
nel Burns, but flatly refuses to do so with
Kddic Conroy. Never before In the his
tory of - San Francisco politics were the
brsses in such a turmoil an they arc this
year. Burns denounces Crimmins and
hf-nchmen of the "colonel" revile Herrln.
Riordan sneers at Conroy and Martin
Kelly points tha . finger of scorn at tha
politicians who cheated him in clvj last
municipal convention.
Fountain Fens.
We are selling agents for the Water
man Ideal and the Swan fountain pens
and sole agents for the Marshall, the best
$1 pen in the world. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741 Market street. •
The members of the Mercantile Library
Association met last night at 223 Sutter
street in answer to a call tp consider a
resolution requesting the board of trus
tees to rescind its action in offering the
property of the association on Golden
Gate and Van Ness avenues for sale for
$130,000. ' Georeg A. Newhall presided.
L. Dlamant offered .two resolutions, one
to the effect that the property be with
drawn from the market and the second
authorizing the board of trustees to enter
into negotiations with tho Mechanics' In
stitute with a view of consolidating both
Institutions.
After a long and spirited discussion, the
first resolution was lost and the second
was laid on the table. . .
In speaking to the resolutions Diatnant
urged that to sell the property at the
price advertised would .be a great sacri
fice. For tliat reason he strongly opposed
a sale which would only be Justified under
extreme conditions. 'He said that he had
always opposed consolidation, but the con
dition of affairs was such that he saw
no other way out of a difficulty that
threatened the sacrifice of the library.
Edward E.< Perley said that the pres
ent administration deserved great credit
for its. management of the library, and
also for the collection of several thousand
dollars in contributions and removing tha
library to the present accessible quartern.
For the lot on Van Ness avenue 540.000 had
been paid, he said and he had been told,
and now ho asked, what became Of the
other $30,000. as It was claimed that the
lot cost $70,000.
Charles Gutzkow denounced the state
ment relating to the price of the lot made
by Perley an being founded on hearsay.
Chairman Newhall then explained the
state of the library's affairs, which alone
necesitated the desire to sell the property.
The biggest offer for It was $115,000. which
the board, had rejected. The, Hibernla.
Bank, - he *said,' held a mortgage, on the
property and had threatened to foreclose.
Attorney Tobin had said that if they got
$125,000 they would be doing well. New
hall said that he considered that the prop
erty was worth $175,000. or even $200,000
no matter what Tobin might say concern
ing its value. .
On, motion of G. A.. Hubbell It was rd
solved that the board be empowered to
Property .of Mercantile
Library Is Offered
for Sale.
Seventy-Two Dollars and Forty Cents
To Minneapolis and return. On July first
and second the Santa Fe will sell tickets
at this low rate, account the annual meet
ing of the National Educational Associa
tion. Return limit August 31. 1902. Special
side ride rates to the Grand Canyon 'will
be granted to holders of these tickets.
Call upon or write to the Santa Fe ticket
agent, 641 Market st. t for folder and full
particulars.
• •H~H~H-i"H^4"H'4"i"i"i"!"i"i";"i";- e
HUH BANK
Him FORECLOSE
Seats are on sale to-day for the second
oi the Weber & Field productions at
Fischer's which will occur on Monday
next. There will' be a triple bill of bur
lesque consisting of "Pousse Cafe," "An
tony and Cleopatra" and "A Royal Fam
ily.'" No end of good things are prom
ised and there will be a lot of novelties
that have never been seen on any stage
in this city. This is the last week of
vantage in the piece, Ferris Hartman as
the peregrinatinjf aeronaut, Arthur Cun
ningham as Dofi Pablo Tabasco, Annie
Myers as the favorite nautch girl, Webb
as Ned Winner, and Frances Graham as
the High Priestess. Sybil Page, a clever
newcomer, has made a pretty little suc
cess as Maraquita.
Acceptance of Felony Bonds.
In view of the decision of Judge SIoss.
Chief Wittman yesterday issued an order
to company commanders that in ,future
all bor.ds in felony cases must be ac
cepted by Police or Superior Court Judges
and not by th<» Bond and "Warrant Clerk
or his assistants. Similar orders were
sent to the City Prison and all branch
stations.
More than one hundred students re
ceived the reward of hard and conscien
tious study.
The commencement exercises of the '02
ci&eses of the medical, dental and phar
maceutical departments of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons were held last
night at "'Metropolitan '.'Temple. Friends
and relatives of the graduates crowded
the hall to the doors. The hall and stag«
were tastefully decorated with red, white
and blue bunting and flags and ever
greens. Over the stage, upon which were
seated the faculties of the different de
partments, three large flags were artisti
cally draped, the center flag of red and
vrhite bearing a red cross on one side and
the letters "C. P. S." on the other.
The graduates occupied the front rows
in cap and gown.
Professor Winslow Anderson, president
of the college, conferred the degrees.
An address upon the progress of medi
cal science was given by Professor Wil
liam F. Southard, M. D. The address of
lartwell and godspeed was delivered by
Dr. A\ inslow Anderson.
After the exercises the graduates and
faculties were the guests of the alumni
of the college at a banquet given at the
California hotel. Covers were laid for
more than 130.
The programme of exercises at the hall
v/as as follows:
March. "Carmen"; overture, "William Tell" ~
l^'f 03 " 0 "' ,. Rev '- L - c - San&rd; sextet from
• Florodcra" ; address, Kev. William Kader; "A
Caravan Episode." from "The Oasis"; confer
ring degrees; Doctor of Medicine and Surgery
Doctor of DeDtal Surgery, Graduate in Phar
macy. Professor Winslow Anderson, M. D
president of the college; Arabian Intermezzo
address. Professor William F. Southard, M. ii ¦
oboe solo, L. Mundwyler; benediction. Rev. L.'
C. Sanford; waltz, orchestra.
Those who received degrees were:
k ?k xVf tes J?.. medicine— Ursa S. Abbott, Na
botb. Allen, Edward Haven Anthony Joaquin
Bernard Badllla, Francis M. Baldwin D D S •
David E. Bruton. H. CelesUa Condit, John"
J. Crowly, ph. G. ; John Franklin Diddle, Bui -
rltt Ivewell D<wr. M. D.; Augusta Paxton
Downing, Oscar Emanuel Eklund. Michel Hen
ry Etcheverry, Philip Benjamin Fry, A. B ;
Frank Clark Galehouse, Ernest Bernhardt
Gregory. Wllhelm Herman Heinzmann. Wil
liam Lyman Hood. M. D.; John Davies Jack
son. B. S.; Lotle A. Lamb, M. D.; Burt B
Lamkln, Stella Rose Lehr, Harold Lovgreeii
Lorentzen, M. D.; Benjamin Maxwell Mar
shall. Louis Abel Martin. John . B. McNally
M. D.; John Manning Mills, Ph. G • Andrew
J. Mlnaker. M. D.; E. Edward Moore b D S •
C. Alfred Morris, Ph. G., D. D. S "• Clara
Hooper Palmer, Newton' Eno Richardson M
S.; Sairo F. Sanfentich. Ph. B.; Ethan Walt
Scott. John William Shute. M. D.; Crayton C
Snyder.. William Erwln Trueblood, M. D - Ed
gar K. Ward.. Carl Groves Wilson.
Graduates ia dentistry— Ruby F. McMahon-
Allen. Christian XV. Benedix Jr., Paul Jones
Boycns. Oscar Edwin Bronson. Frank Theo
dore Erown, Harry Stuart-Chandler, Walter
James Chass, Walter M. Clark. Charles Smith
Coe, Floyd Clifford Doyle. Harry Charles
Duckett, Du Boia Eaton, David Powell Ed
wards. Matthew Francis Fountain, Severlno
G&leoto, William Win Goode. Thomas F. Gor
don. Walter Scott Gray, Charles Frederick
Gross, Geonre NT. Hein, Lloyd Ballantyne
Hints", Harry Thornton Hlnman, Ray 1,,
Hursh, Julian Allen Jackson, Creed Henry
Lemon, William Herman Levey, Franklin
Hammond Locke, J. W. Lewis, Leo James Au
gustus McMahon. Arnold Bertram Petors. C.
S. Pitt. J. Lee Prosser, George Oliver Rader,
Will Whitten Ramsey, William Addison Rants,
ljouis Geminianl Sumuels, Henry Christian
Hermaim Schroeder. Charles George Schwarz
James Leroy Smith. Abraham Wesly Ward,
William Henry Watklns. Paul John Wilklns,
Percy John WooIIey, Mazie Worthlngton, John
Samuel Wren, Leonie von Meusebeck-Zesch.
Graduates in pharmacy — Gllmore Marion Ag
new. Frank C. Birch, William Chester Burk
hart, George C. Butler, W. Bernal Crawley,
B. A.; Dlamo Marius Denegri, George A.
Dlxon, William B. Dunsmore, Twyman H.
Harper, Louis Jacobs, M. D. ; John Walt*i*
Key. M. D.; Joseph J. Lawrence. Abraham
Levin, Joseph R. Lewis, Lawrence B. McPlke
Andrew J. Mlnaker. M. D.; Paul Edwin Squire,
Charles Mortimer Stewart.
Students of Dentistry
and Medicine Finish
Their Courses.
SAN FRANCISCO has completely
indorsed ,the opinion of London and
New York as to the great worm
of Arthur \V. Pinero's play, "The
Gay Lord Quex," at present being
presented by Henry Miller and Margaret
Anglin at the Columbia Theater. The
comedy has a run of four hundred Lon
don performances to its credit, and New
York was quite as enthusiastic over it.
This city has been offered a production
of the. piece on even a finer scale than
either of the others" and the result has
been .all that could be desired. Henry
Miller in .the title role and Margaret
Anglin as the manicurist, Sophy Full
garney.have the burden of the perform
ance on their shoulders and it is only
fair to say that they' have never done
more artistic or effective work in their
successful careers. The great third act
of the piece is not only a revelation in
dramatic construction but its Interest is
so well worked up that one's breath is
fairly taken away before the climax is
reached. The great duel of wits between
tho wily Lord and the brave manicurist
is without doubt the finest scene staged
here in any of the modern dramas. The
two players do not lose a point and the
audience shows its approval at the close
of the act by tendering no less than half
a dozen curtain-calls. The production is
to be on for another week, and the ad
vance sale for the second week is already
heavy.
The last days of the Neill season at
the California Theater are going very
successfully with "Nlobe" as the bill.
The farce Is really uncommonly humor
ous, and is very well done by Mr. Neill
and his associates, its ingenious com
plications being greeted nightly with a
continuous bubble of laughter.
Sunday night will mark the opening of
the Frederick Warde season, . when a
magnificent production of "Francesca da
Rimini" will be given. It promises to be
the best production this famous play has
had in San Francisco, and in many re
spects will excel the Skinner edition that
has been running in the East curing last
season.
"The Two Orphans" are finding many
friends at the Grand Opera-house these
days of the second week of the Morgan-
Fealy engagement. The ever popular ro
mance is acted and mounted -in a* much
more than commonly effective manner.
E. J- Morgan's Chevalier is a handsome
and manly figure, and the blind girl of
Miss Fealy is a touching and charming
picture. The rest of the cast is well
filled by the members of the house com
pany, v »A ...
"The Idol's Eye" at the Tivoli has been
most successfully revived. The opera
seems to have within It the germs of a
dramatic eternity, and is apparently as
popular now as at any period cf its long
career. All the Tivoli lights shine to ad-
MANY GRADUATES
RECEIVE HONORS
A Great Opportunity. •
Best investment for a small sum ot
money in real estate that has been of
fered to the public in a long time. In
Reno, Nev., we have a few exceptionally
pood bargains in town lots. Prices from
$5J each up to ?400. Size 50x140. Reno is
growing faster than any town in Cali
fornia. The railroad will In a chort time
make it a divisional terminal, bringing in
several thousand new people. You can
not rent a store or house In Reno to-day.
Lots of house-s now building. These lots
are on the principal residence streets and
it Is absolutely impossible for you to
make a mistake. Buy one or more for
your children. In less than a year they
cannot help but double in value. For
further particulars call on R. D. Cranston
& Sons, 114 Montgomery street. •
"Fiddle Dee Dee" and the closing night
will be made a gala ohe as it marks tho
seven hundred and ninety-fifth time that
KoHj, Dill, Bernard and Miss Amber have
played their respective parts.
"Zaza" goes to an undiminished pop
ularity at the Alcazar Theater. The
crowded houses still continue, with the
enthusiasm that has been a feature of
the production since Its opening night.
The demand for seats has necessitated a
fourth w«ek, and next Monday begins the
unusual fourth week of an Alcazar pro
duction. Miss Roberts is improving with
every performance, and the whole piece*"
goes with highly commendable smootH
ness.
Fred Hallen and Molly Fuller in "The
Sleep Walkers," Mr. and Mrs. Waterous,
baritone and soprano, Mabel Slsson and
May Stewart,, presenting "A Mysterious
Pill," and Dave Lewis, German comedi
an, this -week's newcomers, are enter
taining large audiences at the Orpheum.
Eleanor Falk and her chorus of ten girls,
Bedlni and Arthur, the comedy Jugglers,
Loris and Altlna, marvelous sharpshoot
ers, and Swan and Bambard, grotesque
acrobatic comedians, are all clever.
"The Road to Ruin," with its startling
situations and electrical scenic effects, is
packing the Central Theater this week.
Next Monday the Central company wll'
be seen in another Harvey melodrama,
"Sins of the Nieht."
This week's excellent programme at
th«» Chutes includes the twin eistejs
Meredith, the two little Pucks. Webber
and Elliott, Kelly and Kent, Nellie Mont
gomery, Murphy and Slater and new
moving pictures. Hardy Downing loops
the loop on his bicycle and Mme. Schell
appears in her den of performing lions
every afternoon and evening. To-night
the amateurs will conclude their perform
ance v/ith a new series of living fu
tures. ¦ / • .• ,«'"
SAN FRANCISCO INDORSES
LONDON AND NEW YORK VIEW
Places Complete Stamp of Approval on "The Gay Lord
Quex"~Frederick Warde Season at .California to Be a
Leading Theatrical Even'.— "Idol's Eye" at the TSvoIi
¦ ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ --,.¦- 1 ¦- : ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALE. THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1902.
7
BLOOM, BRYAN & CO.'S STOCK OF
Jailor Suits, Ladies' and Children's Jackets
Dress and Walking Skirls and Capes
dliiife- ° — ~ — — ~~ — ° 1^^^
THURSDAY, 9 O'CLOCK, ~
y<f mawi& o — "¦ ; — : — — A "^^^^
Watch Our Windows for Groat Bargains.
PACIFIC CLOAIC HOUSE.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMEKTS.
OOOD-BY WEKK— MATIXEE SATURDAY.
t I lilir&^AT.1 0-DAY— 25c, 50c. [
3 Farewell of
! MR. JAMES NEIlL AND COMPANY
"Presenting the Funny Farce.
j; "NIOBE. W
'• SUNDAY EVENING — "
° Special Warde Season.
|j Mr, Frederick Warde
¦¦ Assisted by the strongest company ever organ-
ized for the classic and romantic Urama.
Presenting on an Elaborate Scale.
! "Francesca da Biminl"-
S Box office for the reservation of seats for
1 Sunday night and remainder of week opens TO-
S DAY at D a. m.
t : ; — —
" f*AI BIRJI9IJ& SAN FRANCISCO'S
yULUlWligm LEADING THEATRE
3 Powell street, near Market
t THIS SUPERB PRODUCTION will be con-
9 tinued for
: ANOTHER WEEK.
} Matinees Wednesday and Saturday at 2 sharp.
1 CHARLES FROHMAN presents
i Henry Miller, Margaret Anglin
And a SPECIAL. COMPANY In Arthur W. Pin-
) ero's four-act comedy,
THE GAY LORD QUEX
After Its run of
— 4OO NIGHTS IN LONDON.
Seats for the second week of "The Gay Lord
Quex" now ready — Prices |1 50 to 2Sc.
A VAUDEVILLE BREEZE!
Hallen and Pullet; Mr. and Mrs.
Waterous; Sissoa and Stewavc;
Dave Lewis, and the Biograpb..
r Last times of Eleanor Falk and
a Her* Chorus of Ten Girls; Bedlni
and Arthur; Loris and Altina, and
n Swan and Bambard.
r ; Reserved seats. 25c; balcony. 10c; box seats
and opera chairs, 50c.
r CENTRAL^
h Market Strett. Near Eighth. Phono South 533.
e TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
<1 MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. \
Tile Thrilling Melodrama which SsnsatlonaliieJ
t Greater New York. THE
5 ROAD
? TO RUIN.
X See the Great Underground Railway Sc*ns.
x The Sensation of the Season.
[ Dlf PC Evenings 10c to TOj
'* 1 JUWL J Matinees ..10c. ISo 25c
3 Next Week— "SIN8 OF THE NIGHT."
a • .':•; ;¦';.'¦ — —
0 TO : NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
. MATINEE SATURDAY.
! FUHE ROBERTS
* Supported . by WHITE "WHITTLESEY.
t . In David Belasco's Great Play,
»*. ¦ ifi.'A'-yi"^
Seats now sellins for all this and next week.
- . Including:
3 MATINEE FRIDAY. JULY 4.
Thlc signatare is on every box of the genalne
Laxative Bromo-QuinineT»bieu
Ur« remed/ that cures a eoM In «oe <X*j.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK. *
MAUDE FEALY
EDWARJoflirbRGAN
; In an. Elaborate Production of
The Two Orphans,
The Greatest Melodrama Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES.. _..10c. 13c. 25c. BOc. 73o
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 23c /
" v "' —NEXT WEEK—
Maudft Fealy and Edward Morgan in "FAUST/*
Evenlngrs at 8 sharp. . J
Matinee Saturday at 2 sharp. " 'I
"TALK ABOUT TO* LUCK." 'j
It's sure to come to you If you see
IDOL'S EYE
"HOOT /V\OrV.*»
A WORLD OF MIRTH AND MUSIC. \
NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
POPULAR 23c. BOc. 75c.
' " Telephone Bush 9.
, ' —^»
Fischer's Theater.
i lT |FidiieDeeDee
BiS > HSSfT < ss n »NSif tiuplb
SEATS ON SALE TO-DAY.
All the famous cast.
And a host of novelties.
The terrifically funny
"POUSbE CAFE,"
"ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA"
And "A ROYAL FAMILY."
¦22 CHUTES!
iv. Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
modern vaidev;lleT~ever*y afterxoon
avd evening.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE,
Concluding: With
UNIQUE LIVING PICTURES!
DAILY AND NIGHTLY!— DON" T FAIL TO
SEE
HARDY DOWNING LOOP THE LOOP
And MME. SCHELL-S PERFORMINOLIONS.
Admission 100 Children fo
. Phoae for Stats — Park 23.
BASEBALL.
."•?- CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, 3XS
P. M. SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND ys. LOS ANGELES.
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats. 5 Stockton »t.
% SUTRO BATHS.
,'OPSN NIGHT3. ¦.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing: from 7 a. m. to JO:ao d m.
ADMJSISON 10c. , CHU.DP.ENJc..' '
Bathing Including admission 25c. Children. 2Oc
Dalarn- Desirable location,
ldldlt unsurpassed cuisine.
un equaled ser-
nri A vice and modern
ullli conveniences are the
attributes that have,
i iron r\ made these two ho "
Ul Ullli tels Popular with*
tourists and travel-
Hotels fAn^i^ *•
8I8-82O /AARKtT ST.. 3AN FRAKQI5QOV
HINTS OF EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINSI
Ladies' Summer Neckwear.
A new line Just received; fancy stocks in all the latest shades, espe-
cially adapted for hot weather wear. Regular 75c; selling at 44c
Grass Linen Ties, plain or tucked, edged in white lawn, with turnover
collar of same and trimmed with pearl buttons 24c
Silk Ties trimmed with Insertion or tucked with lace, turnover collars
attached, in solid colors of white, pink or blue. Big value.. 24c
Parisian Novelties. Men's Summer Goods.
Immense assortment of Ladies' Op- *aZ*u£H v
era and Lorgnette Chains in turquoise, Negligee, plaited bosoms, new tans,
coral, pearl, amethyst, sapphire and striped and figured 'effects; cuffs -as
corallne. in fancy designs, frorn^....^.. you want them; high class fabrics;
"Largest 'Variety * of "Peari* and Coral guaranteed fit ..81.50
SS M d02en odd slzes and lots ot Gent8>
Loos'ePeari* Beads,* 'three* sizes, per Fine Summer Underwear, regular 51.00
strand —XOc and $LBO garments;'to close out... 50c
HURRAH FOR THE 4th!
fireworks, Flags and Decorations.
FIREWORKS— Home assortment, packed la wooden box.
$1.00, $2.00, $3.50, $5.00 and $7.50.
Also Colored Rockets, Roman Candles, Star Mine, Colored Fire, Pin
Wheels, Volcanoes, Triangle Wheels, Paper Balloons, Grasshoppers and Blu*
Lights.
TORPEDOES. FIRECRACKERS.
5KS2 ESSEX. ve a r r y b !o S ud1 fS^S * hoe F1 £ 3 *?*?» for ™ C
Z :. !.... 5c Dynamite, No. 1 5 C
Electric Torpedoes. 25 In box 5c Pistol Crackers, 2 packages 15c
Ir °?."? a . a .! r ?.? ed . O ? S : * lQ . b ° Xf 3 b o 5^ Youn S America, package 15c
Bilver* Dragon Torpedoes* 20 in !*box. 2 Union, package 25c
boxes 25c Lady Crackers, package ••••10c
Red Heads 35 Ct 45c, 60c and 75c per 100
UP-TO-DATE CANNON CRACKERS.
4 Inches long, 56 crackers to carton ; 30c
5 Inches long, 30 crackers to carton.. 3Oc
6'4 Inches long, 20 crackers to carton 25c
714 inches long, 10 crackers to carton «£5e
Star Paper Caps, 50 in paper box. 21 boxes 5 C
Mammoth Paper Caps. 50 in paper box, 3 boxes 5c
Torpedo Canes, something new 10c and 15c
Ammunition for same (very loud) 5c and 10c box
SEND fOR PRICE LIST.
RAZORS, KNIVES AND SCISSORS GROUND AND REPAIRED.
B.KATSCHINSKif
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO, %
ID THIRD STREET, SAN FRASGISCD.
TRY A PAIR OF CITY MADE E
UNION-STAMPED SHOES. \
M'« make gool shoes In this city and 1 1
made by UXION LABOR. Every pair Ej
guaranteed to wear and every pair H
bearing the Union Stamp. Help home H
Industry. ! Remember we will sell them i-
for ?2 to Introduce home made shoes. |i
I^adies' vici kid lace shoes, new coin V
toes and straight parent leather tips. M
flexible soles and dressy heels. Widths H
B to EE. sizes 2 14 to 8. Price $2.00. II
BOYS' CALF SHOES
Every Pair Warranted.
Built for wear and tear. Neat In ap-
pearance but solid and durable.
Youths' and boys' calf lace shoes, coin
toes and tips, solid double soles, studded
with brass nails: I
Youths' sizes. 11 to 2... $1.15 I
Boys' elzes 4 to S*£ $1.25 I
FOR SUMMER WEAR.
LADIES' TAN VICI KID JULIETS. I
coin toes and tips, hand turned soles, |
widths B to EE, all sizes. Reduced |
to 51. CO. |
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. ii
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 Third SL, San Francisco. |
Deservedly The
Renowned Whiskey
of the World
Hunter LwtRRvtj Pure .
Baltimore fe|l and
The American Gentleman's Whiskey
and for ladies obliged to use a
stimulant this is THE Whiskey.
S3 £J» California St., Sun Francteco.baUi
Telephone Main »73.
(far ¦ -sA
paro'am3&le %
[of I
Piano Playinor
liPgyiceflril
, The very first sale of i
its kind ever held in
San Francisco.
Nearly 20 slightly
damaged piano -play-"
ing devices in the lot.
Among them is an
Aeolian self-playing
organ to be sold for
$45, and with it goes
a scarf and bench.
Several genuine pi-
anolas will be offered.
vThese are all slightly
marred; but perfect
mechanically — guar-
anteed absolutely.- ,
It is an opportunity
to purchase a piano-
playing device that
may never occur'again
The sale has been
going on since Mon-
day last, so come to-
. day or you might get
left,
s
ADVERTISEMENTS.NEW YORK, June 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
13,000 barrels; exports, 9771. Dull and a shade
easier, but . without change.
WHEAT— Rceipte. -86,860 , bushels." Spot,
easy;- No. 2 red, 79%c elevator; No. 2 red,
79%@80%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du
luth. 82%c f. o. b. afloat;- No.. 1 hard Manitoba.
S5%c f.. o; -b. • afloat.. Although fairly steady
for a time, the wheat ¦ futures j market ruled
very quiet and generally -lower, Influenced by
larger threshing returns than expected, . good
weather, ' foreign selling and lower cables. The
close was weak at %#lc net decline. July,
79%<SS0 7-16c, closed 79%c; September, 77%@
77 13-16c. closed 77%c; December, 78%@78%c,
closed 78%c. • ' ¦
HOPS — Firm; State, prime, to choice, 1001
crop, J9%@23%c; 1900 crop, 15®16c; olds,
6@.Sc. * - " ... '¦-¦%>>
. HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet. . ¦: ••'¦'.
PETROLEUM— Steady, i
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet: ; No. 7 Invoice,
5Uc: mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll%c. Futures
closed quiet, with eales of 17.000 bags record
ed. Including. July, 4.80c; September, 4.95c;
December, 5. 15@5.20c; March, 5.40c,^and May,
6.30c. '
SUGAR — Raw. weak; fair refining, 2 3-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test,- 3 5-J6c;- molasses sugar,
2 9-lOc. . ¦ ' -.- » '¦-';. :-,.-..
DRIED FRUITS.
In the market for evaporated apples spot de
mand continues moderate, but offerings are- also
light and full prices are maintained. - Futures
are attracting. -consideration on the basis of
6V4c for October .and' November deliveries of
prime. . Quotations follow:- Common: to good,'
7«|9%c: prime, 10c; choice, I0Vi@10%c; fancy,
lie. ¦ The market -for most? California descrip
tions continues steady. -Prunes are in fair ex
port demand and there is also a light Jobbing
request noted. Prices : continue firm at 3«ic,to
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pretnire has fallen rlowly over the
Pacific slope. A marked, depression overlies
Utah and is moving rapidly southward to unite
¦*-it!i the seasonal low over the valley of the
Colorado.
Tlir, temper&ture remains nearly stationary
on I the Pacific slope. In the great • valleys
temperatures are about normal. -,.r -/
Forecast marie at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours 'ending midnight June 20:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; light
northerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; fraeh
wexterty winds.
Nevada— Fair • • Thursday; brisk westerly
«1noE. '
Ksn Francieco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
brick westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
For twenty-four hours ending 5 p.m., 120th
meridian time. San Francisco. June 25. -
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6%c; San Quentln, 5.55c;
Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7,%®Sc.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Wall
send. $.8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50;
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks -
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, — ; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke $15
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50
per ton, according to brand.
OILS — California Castor Oil." in cases. No 1
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled*
73c; raw. 71c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw, in barrels: Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases $100-
China Nut, 57%@6Sc per gallon; pureNeats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm nure
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per ral
ton; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases 47Uc-
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
58 %c for Australian.'
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OIL In bulk
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 20c; Astral •><£'•
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene"
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk 16c'
In. cases. 22%c; Benzine. In bulk. 14%'c in
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk 20c'- In
cases, 26%c. ' -¦-• J^ ;. ,
TURPENTINE— 66c per gallon in cases and
60c In drums and iron barrels
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead (un>
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6@6%c. according
to quality.
SUGAR — The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound in lOCMb
bags: Cubes A, Crushed and Fine Crushed
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated'
4.35; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granul
lated Coarse, :4.25c; Fruit Granulated 4 °5c-
Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags only), none*
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A 3 85e :
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c: "D," S 65c'
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels, 25c more
boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes 5c
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent.
SALMON—A local company has announced
its opening prices on 1902 pack Alaska salmon
as follows; King. $1; red. 95c; medium red
85c; pink, 65c; cash less 1% per cent. These
prices are - the same as last year's openinc
with the exception of that on . pink, which is
5c lower. -.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JUNE 25.
Flour, qr aks .'.'.'.. 8,323; Hay. tons ....... : '•lO
Wheat, ctls ..... 3,865 Wool, bales . 517
Barley, ctls ¦*.'.. .12,99»1 Shorts, sks .... 63
Oats, ctls • 520 Tallow, ctls ..... ISO
Rye. ctls 945 Hides. No ...... 523
Beans, sks...... 943 Pelts. . bdls 105
Potatoes, sks ... 1,877 Leather, rolls .. ' «5
Onions, sks .... 400 Wine, gals .....64,300
Bran, sks •..,... 710 Sugar, ctls .....2,477
Middlings,' ska .. 410 Paper, car i
General Merchandise.
WASHINGTON,. June 25.— To-day's C : state
ment of; the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive. of the $150,000,000 gold' in the
division of redemption, shows: : Available cash
balance, $203,710,016; gold, $100,214,030.
Condition of the Treasury.
Sterling exchange firm, with actual .business
in bankers' bills at 487% for demand and
4S5% for sixty days, i :
Posted rates. 486@4S6% and 488%@489; com
mercial bills. 484%@4S5%. . ,.
Bar silver, 52%c.
Mexican doUars. 42%e.
Government bonds steady; state bonds inac
tive; railroad bonds Irregular.,
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent
NEW YORK, June 25. — Close:
Money on call, steady at 2%@3 per cent;
closing bid and asked, 2% and 3 per cent.
Nezb Yefk Money Market.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
EGGS— Ranch, 18ig>19c for fancy, 17@17%c
for good and 16%c for fair; store, 15@16%c per
dozen ;• Eastern Eggs, : nominal. '
BUTTER — Creamery, 20®21c per pound for
fancy, 19 %c for firsts and 19c for seconds;
dairy. 17@19%c; store Butter, 14@16c per
pound.
CHEESE — New, 9@10cj old. nominal; Young
America, 10@10%c; Eastern. 13@15c per lb.
Receipts were 37,000 pounds 68 cubes and 2
kegs of Butter, 12,360 lbs of Eastern Butter,
1406 cases of Eggs. 207. cases of Eastern Eggs.
4500 pounds of California ; Cheese and
pounds of Orecon Cheese. ' .
, Cheese remains as before
There Is nothing new In Eggs. They are
weak and freely offered, and supplies are large.
Receipts are: steadily increasing again, as will
be seen.' '¦ ¦ ¦ '. ,..-' '¦ - '¦ . ¦¦¦¦¦- '.'>'•¦ ¦ ¦¦
The Butter market continues weak. Los
Angeles is buying some on this market, but
hardly enough to produce much affect on
stocks. Were it not for the recent vigorous
storing of the heavy receipts the market
would now be sadly demoralized. Even as It
Is, there . are more sellers than buyers, and
more slock on the market than dealers care to
carry. - '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There were no changes In Game.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and ]3@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, $3 60«M
for old and $3ffi5 50 for young; Hens, $4@5;
young Roosters, $5 5006 50; old Roosters, $4 50
@5;- Fryers, $3 50@4 50; Broilers; S2 50@3
for large and $2@2 25 for small; Pigeons.
$1 75 per dozen for old and $1 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, -$1@1 25 per dozen; Rabbits^
$1 50 for Cottontails and 75c for Brush.
, Receipts of Californian Poultry were moder
ate, but offerings were more than sufficient for
requirements and the market had an easy tone.
A-car of Eastern came In, making the second
for the week. ¦ .
Poultry and Game.
THE COAST RECORD.
LONDON, June 25.— Consols. 96; silver,
24%d: French rentes. , lOlf 72%c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady: cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California. 30s 4%d; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s 9d; English country, markets, firm. ;-t
LIVERPOOL, June 25.— Wheat., steady;
wheat in Paris, weak; flour in: Paris, weak;
French country markets, quiet and steady;
weather in England, fine and warm. •
COTTON— Uplands, , 5d." . ",.•• '
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 25. — Wheat, steady. Blue
stem, 65%c; .club, 04%c.
OREGON. **
PORTLAND. June , 25.— Wheat — Walla
Walla, •• 66c; valley, 66%@67c; bluestem,- 67
@G8c. -.-.:. ..... ¦..<¦ . ,-,:,
Northern Wheat Market.
SPOKANE, June 25.— Clearings, $234,428;
balances. $46,091. . .
PORTLAND. June 25.— Clearings, $420,797;
balances. $1)2,613. ¦ ,- ,
TA'COMA. June 25. — Clearings. $206,603; bai
ances, $26,830. . ¦ . . .
SEATTLE. June 25.— Clearings, $619,337;
balances. $160,327.
Northern Business.
ST. JOSEPH. •
ST. JOSEPH, June 25.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1500;' steady. Natives, $4 25@8; cows and
heifers, $2@0 60; veals, $3 50@6; atockers and
feeders. $2@5 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 7000; steady to 6c lower.
Light and light mixed, $7 45@7 75: medium
and heavy, $7 6O@7 85: pigs, ?4 25®6 75.
SHEEP — Receipts, 650; steady.
CHICAGO, June 25.— CATTLE— Receipts,
18,000, including 1500 Texans. Choice, strong;
others steady to 15c. lower. Good to prime
steers, $7 6C@8 40; poor to medium. $4 75®
7 50; etockers and feeders, $2 50@5; cows, $1 40
<56: heifers. $2 50@G 50; canners. ' $1 40@2 50;
bulls. $2 25@!> 75; calves, ' $2 50@6 40; Texas
fed steers, $4@7.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 37,000; to-morrow
29,000; left over, 10,000. Opened steady to 5c
lower; closed 10@15c lower. Mixed and
butchers. $7 30@7 75; good to choice heavy,
$7 75fjf7 P5; rough heavy, $7 30@7 05; light.
$7 20@7 50; bulk of sales, $7 45<g>7 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18.000; dull; lambs, best
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 75@4 75;
fair .to choice mixed, $3 50Q>4; Western sheep,
$3@4; native lambs./ $4 50«6 50. clipped; top
spring lambs, $7 25.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, June 25.— The cotton futures
market opened firm with prices 4@G points
higher and closed steady net 6@10 points
higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 25. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram, says:
• The stock market to-day was characterized
by stagnation, but there was a recovery after
yesterday's sympathetic relapse. The Stock Ex
change feeling regarding the prospects of the
King's recovery was far from cheerful, but
there were no bear sales In consequence. At
tendance began large, but soon dwindled away.
Tlie Stock Exchange committee confirms the
decision to close on Saturday. -
American stocks were hardly mentioned, but
they held firm above parities. Undoubtedly
they would have advanced but for the fear of
gold shipments from New York. Reading is
sues were in request. Anacondas were weak on
talk of a reduction In American exports of
copper..-
Gpld to the amount of £42,000 has been
bought by the bank.
London Market,
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6®6%c; feeders, *6®6&c:
sows, 20 per cent off. boars 50 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tatlcns.
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs, $2 60©2 75 per
head, or 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearlings.
3%@4c per lb.
The following quotations are for good, sound
livestock delivered, at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8%@8c: Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@5%o per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@4c; Ewes, 3&©35ic
per lb (gross weight).
BEEF — &g>7c for Steers and 5@Uc per lb for
Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7@8c; small, 839o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@8%c; Ewes, 7©8c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lambs, 9@9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%©9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦ ¦ - - -
The situation remains as previously stated.
The market. is quiet, as usual at this time of
the year.
San Francisco Meat Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, from Winters,
$1 25@1 75 per sack; from Alameda, 20®
25c per floz; Asparagus, $1@2 50 per box;
Rhubarb, 50c@?l per box; . Green Peas,
$1@1 75 per sack for i common and
2@3c" per lb for Garden; String Beans. 2%@
3%c per lb and 3<SMc for Wax; Refugee Beans.
4c per lb; Cabbage; 90c@$l per ctl: California
Tomatoes. 50@S5c per box or crate: Mississippi,
75c@$l per crate; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb;
Carrots*. $1 per sack; Cucumbers from Marys
ville, 40@50c per box; Bay, 85c per large box;
Hothouse do, i.'!5@5Oc per dozen; Garlic. 2@2%c
for. new; Chile Peppers, 10c; Bell,. 15@25c; Egg
Plant from Los Angeles, 8@10c; Summer
Squash. 40@60c for small boxes and $1@1 25
for large; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $15@20. • ¦
ONIONS — Australian, $1 50@2. second hands;
new Red, 50@65c per sack; Yellow, $1@1 10
I>er ctl. f'\ •
POTATOES — New Early Rose. 60@90c in
boxes and sacks; Burbanks, 60c@$l 50, with
some fancy higher: Garnet Chiles, lc per lb;
old Burbanks, 50@75c.
String and Wax Beans were in demand for
shipping and sold off well at improved prices.
Offerings of Tomatoes, Cucumbers and Squash
were liberal and prices were lower. Peas from
across the bay were mostly poor and sell slow
ly, but choice offerings of Garden Peas meet
with prompt sale. The demand for Asparagus
and Rhubarb was slack and only choice offer-
Ings sold well. Some poor Asparagus was sold
for 50@75c per box. Green Corn was in free
supply and found ready sale. Egg Plant ap
peared from Winters and sold at 12%c per lb.
Receipts of Potatoes were light and the mar
ket was more active. Fancy stock showed no
improvement, but cheap stock did better under
a steady inquiry for northern shipping. Old
continued dull and unchansed.
New Red Onions sold well at sustained prices,
but other descriptions were dull.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
XEW YORK, June 25.— The London Metal
Exchange will be closed until next ] Monday
morning. The New York Metal Exchange will
remain closed from Thursday afternoon until
the following Monday for the Fourth of July
holidays. The local tin market was dull and
lower with spot at $28 25@28 50. London tin
closed 78 6d higher with spot at £125 10s and
futures at £121 10s. *
Copper was dull* and easy here, with lake
for July to September delivery offered at $12 35.
Standard, spot to September delivery, offered
at $12 35. Standard, spot to September, closed
at $11 50@ll SO; lake. $12@12 40; electrolytic,
$11190012 12%, and casting at $11 90@12. At
London copper closed 10s lower, with spot at
£52 17s Ud and futures at £53. Lead was
steady at New York at 4%c and at London
at -£11 2s 6d. Spelter ruled dull and nominal
here at 4%c and at LonUcn steady at £18
12s Cd. Iron was Bteady to firm at New York
and without quotation. No. 1 Northern foun
dry. $21@22; No. 2, $20 50@21 50; No. 1
Southern foundry. $20 50@21 50; No. 1 Southern
foundry, eoft. $20 50@21 50.
The Glasgow market closed 2d lower at 54s
5d and Middlesboro unchanged at 49s 7% d.
New York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL. f
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 11%. 6 2ii
Closing 5 11 14 6 2%
;. PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 23 95 20 70
Closing ..I. .24 00 20 75
Flour — ¦ / : . • '••'¦'- -
Opening .......' ;*... 30 60 • , 27 15
Closing ;.......-..'... 30 50 ¦ , 27 40 ¦
Quotations for all descriptions remain - un
changed. The market continues quiet.
BEANS — Bayos, $3@3 05; bmall White, $2 35
@2 50; large White, $2 35@2 45; Pea, $3 25®
3 50; Pink, $2 05@2 20; Red, $2 50; Blackeye,
$5; timas, $3 50@3 75; Red Kidneys, $3 50gj)
3 75 per ctl. . . , * .
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, "$2 25@2 50; Cana
ry. 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah.-10%@
ll^c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@2&c;
Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS — Nlles. $1 75@2; Green, $1 40
@1 65; Blackeye, $1 75@2.
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK, June 25. — The dealings in
stocks Teal to near the low level of activity of
the year again to-day. The movement of prices
v.-as narrow and Irregular. For the principal
active stocks there was good support and tho
undertone of the market was rather lira, but
there was no disposition to buy in view of the
uncertainties hanslngr over the market. There
was a fairly general upward movement in the
early dealings, which probably came from bear
traders who sold short last evening on the ap
prehension that the King of England's illness
might terminate fatally over night. There was
buying here for London account, ¦ prompted by
the same technical cause, which served to brinjj
to a halt the advance in sterling exchange.
The local money market ,was also distinctly
firmer in •.one and encouraeed bankers to sell
some sterling loan bills. Notwithstanding a
further recession in the prices of sterling at
Paris, there were no engagements of gold for
export. There was nothing in the news from
London as it reached Wall street to account
lor any strength in the stock market, as the
general fear was that the illness of the King
of England would terminate fatally. But tht?
sentimental effect of yesterday's suflden an
nouncement was somewhat disappointing. Nev
ertheless, there Is something to be apprehended
Irom the direct unancial losses involved in the
abortive preparations for the coronation. There
was nothing in the news of the day to account
for a riEe in i>riced o£ stocks. The crop new.-*
was rather neutral. Traders who bought Read
ing professed some confidence that the strike
was to be settled, and they had news of eome
further returns to work by strikers, but there
was nothing like a general demand fpr the
coalers. Colorado Fuel was moved up 314
points on account of the session of the direc
tors to take action on the dividend, but the
gain was entirely wiped out without any news
reaching the public to account either for the
rise or lor the reaction. A late advance in rit.
Paul made the closing steady but very dull.
There was little doing in bonds and the mar
ket was irregular. Total sales (par value),
$2,015,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 9,600 81% 81 81%
Atchison pfd 2,»O0 lOO's 100% 100%
Bal & Ohio 700 105% 105% 105%;
Bal & Ohio pfd 95
Can Pacific 7,100 133% 132 132%
Can Southern 100 91 91 , l»<>
Ches & Ohio 400 46*4 40% 4<J%
Chi & Alton U00 37% 37% 37%
Chi & Alton pfd ' 74^
Chi, Ind & Louis.. 100 75 75 74%
Chi, lnd & L pfd 80
Chi & E Illinois... 300 187 185% 184%
C & G West 3,60i) 29& 29% 29%
C & G West A pfd 89 7 i
C &, G West B pfd. 47
Chicago & NW 300 251 250>« 260%
C. R 1 & Pac 300 170% 170i,i 170>4
Chi Term & T 400 20% 2014 20%
Chi Term & T pfd. 300 37 37 37
C. C. C & St Louis. 100 103 103 102 > A
Colo Southern 300 30% 30% 30%" i
Colo So 1st pfd .... ... .. .... .... 70% I
Colo So 2d pfd 200 43 42% 42%
Del & Hudson 700 176% 174% 175'
Del. Lack & West. 200 278 278 275
Den & Rio G '.. .... 42
Den & Rio G pfd.. 600 82% 02?i 92%
Erie 1,900 26% 36Vi 3«%
Erie lrt pfd 67%
Erie 2d pfd 100 62% 52% * 51%
Great Nor pfd .600 186Vi 185% ]R6*<«
Hocking. Val 600 86 86 85 V-
Hocklng Val pfd 91 *
Illinois Central.... 900 157 156% • 157 .
Iowa Central 100 48% 48% 48
Icwa Central pfd.. 100 85% 85% 85
K C Southern..... 1,000 33J4 33% 33%
IC C Southern cfd.. 100 69% 59%' 59 '4
1/ Eri» &W«t .... 63
L Erie & West pfd ..... • .... 125
Louis &. Naeh 1.100 133% 135 135
Manhattan X. 2,100 131% ¦ 130% 130%
Metropolitan St Ry 1,100 148% 148 Vi 148
Mexican Central... 1,200 28%- 28 2*P
M« National !KK) . 18% 18% 18%
Minn & St Louis.. 200 114% 114 114
Mo Pacific 14,600 108% 1O7T4' 108«i
Mo, K & Tex 400 27% 26% 26%
Mo. Ivans & T pfd. ' 800 59. 58V> 68%
New Jersey Central " ..." 180
New York Central. 900 155% 153 15554
Nor & West 500 56% 56% S6%
Nor & West pfd... ..... .... .92
Ontario & Western 4,500 S3^i 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 5.700 151% 150*4 15li;
Reading ....40,600 67',i 66% 67
Reading 1st pfd... 300 84- 84' 83%
Reading 24 pfd 3,700 70% 70 7o£
SL&SF 6S 3i
S"L & S F 1st pfd. soit
S L & 8 F 2d pfd. 300 72% 72" 72
St Louie So W ' .7.. ogv
St Louis So W pfd 1,000 66% 65>i fisi'i
6t Paul 15.800 173% 172% 173"&
St. Paul pfd 500 188%. 188% 188%
So Pacific 11.300 64% 63% 04*;
So Railway 6,100 36»4 35% "IS
[ So Railway, pfd.... 300 05 95* 05^
Texas &. Pacific 600 42% 4"> , ai '
T. St L& West... 200. 21 21 "1
T. 6. L & W pfd.. 100 36ti 361*4 a«U
Union Pacific 20,000 104% 10414 104"J
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 88% RR8? voi?
WabaEh 4.400 31 20»i Su!
Wabash pfd 3,600 46% 4C'I 4fii?
Wheeling & L Erie 7. •>?£
W & L E 2d pf<3 ...;> Hs
Wisconsin Central. 1,400 27»i 20*4 *>6»;
Wisconsin Cent pfd 500 48% 48% 48 '5
Express Companies — -'-l' - ¦
Adams i .... 197
American 100 226. 22C . 225
United States...... ..... .;., .... 114
Wells FarKO ..;... .... 105
M!j=celianeou« —
Amalgamated Cop. 16,100 - G4*£ ..63- 63%
Nezv York Stock Market.
HOPS— 12@12%c for fair and 13@14c per lb
for good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop being
drawn at 13@14c.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. ' Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides. 15@16%c; Culls. 14@15c; Dry
Kip, ll@13c; Dry Calf. 16®18c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, ,20®
30c each; short wool, 40@60c each; medium,
6o@75c; long wool, 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 50©2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium,
$1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can. 25c; dry Central American. 82%c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%@3c; grease, 2%@3%c.
WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16<glSc; Northern free. 14@16c; do. defective,
13@14c; Middle County free. 13@15c; do. de
fective. 12@13c; Southern, 12 months. 9@10c;
do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill, ll@13c; Ne
vada, 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine; 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
The feeling in Hops Is very firm. The New
York Journal of Commerce says: "Advices re
ceived from the coast reported a sale of • 100
bales prime Russian River hops at 15%c f. o. b.
shipping point, the buyer being a New York
dealer."
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
EASTERN MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
narket was steady. Creameries. 18%@22c:
lalries, 17%@19c. Cheese, steady, 10@llc.
Sggs, strong; fre3h, 17c.
All descriptions under this head remain as
previously quoted. •
BRAN — $18 50@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $22 50@24 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, s $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Job
bing, ?2(J 50027; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 60;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $20 50.
HAY — New is selling as follows: Wheat
$8@10; Volunteer Wild Oat, 56 5O@8; Alfalfa,
S0@10. Old is quoted as follows:
Extra fine Wheat, $12@12 50; fair to choice
do, $9 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat, $9@11 50; Oat
$8@10 50; Alfalfa, nominal; Clover, $7@9; Vol
unteer, ?6 60@8 50; Stock, $6@8 per ton.
STRAW — 40@50c per bale. !
Hav and Feedstuffs.
Business continued flat on the- morning ses
sions, with no changes worthy of comment.
In the- afternoon Alaska Packers sold up to
$160.
A private wire gave the following: from New
York concerning tho attempted corner In th*
4 per cent bonds of the United Railroads of San
Francisco: "Brown Bros., who financed th»
street railway deal in San Francisco, say: "We
sold $5,000,000 of a total of $20,000,000 of thesa
bonds to a syndicate, and - these hava been
placed on the San Francisco market. As to th*
remainder we have nothing to say. Wa hava
not made a sale on the curb since the pries
jumped, and will not. although under the syn
dicate agreement running to February next we
have authority to sell off the bonds to par
off subscriptions at $90. less %a commission.' "
The parties disputant in New York have agreed
to leave the matter to the Stock Exchange
governing board for settlement.
The San Joaquln Oil dividend of 6c per shar*,
amounting to $5000, was paid yesterday.
The following quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton. De Ruyter A
Co.: Common stock. $23 62%@24; preferred.
$63 C0@64; bonds, cash. $101 CO bid; seller 10.
$90 bid, $94. asked; subscriptions. $102® 102 75.
The Savings and Loan Society has declared a.
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 3% per cent
per annum on all deposits, payable "July 1.
The Napa and New. Idria Consolidated
Quicksilver Mining Companies of California
have declared quarterly dividends of 10 cents
per share, payable July 1.
The Producers' Oil Exchange will adjourn
from, Wednesday, July 2. to Monday. July 7,
over the Fourth of July.
The San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board
and the Pacific Stock Exchange will adjourn
from the close of business on Wednesday. July
2, until Monday morning. July 7.
STOCK A1TD BONfTEXOrTATTGE.
WEDNESDAY. June 25—2 p. xa.
•
¦UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .110y»lll% 4s qr cp(new)133 136
4a qr xte. . . .109%110% 1 3s qr coup. . .107 107}fi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 8s. 91% — Oak W G Ba.lMi; —
Bay CPC 5s. 108% — Oceanic S 8s. 97% —
1 C C G&E 5s.l05%106% Omnibus 6s.. — 129
Cal-st 5s.... 119 — Pac Qlm 4s. 88% —
C Costa 5s.. — 112 Pk & C H6s.l07%110
Ed L £ F 6s — — Pk & O R6s. — 125
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sao EGR Bs.103%104%
H C&S 6%s.l02 — SF & SJVSs. — 122%
Do 5a 97 — Sierra Cal «s — 118
L Ang R 5s. 11 S %119% 3Po(A*s
LXLCo 63.103% — (1909) . . . .114* —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 115 —
Do gtd 5s.lO3ii — S P of C 6s
L. A & P 6s. 103% — (1908)8r A.107 —
Do lem 53.105 — (1906)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s.l27J412S% (1906) 110 —
Do lem 5s. 120% — (19121 ....121 —
NRofC 6s. 112ft — 3 P of C lat
Do 5s .121 122 c gntd 6S..120 122%
N Pac C 53.110 — Do stmpd..lO9% —
NCR 5«... 112^113% S P BrCaies.140 —
N S R R 5s.l01%102 S V Wat 6«.lll 111%
Oak Gas 5s. — — Do 4s 2dm. — 103
Oak Trn 6s.. 125 — Do 4s 8dro4Pl%102U
Do 1st cSs.113%115 Stkn G&E 63100% 101 £
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 75% 77 I Port Costa.. 63% 60
Marin Co*... 09 — I Sprint Val.. 89% 90
GAS AND ELECTRia
Cent li&P.. 3% 4 Pac L. Co... 43 — *-~-
Eqt G L, Co. 3% 8% Sac E GAR. 89 —
Mutual EL. 4% — S F O & E. 42% —
O G L & H. 61 62% S F G L Co. 6*» &3£
Pac G Imp.. 35 — Stkn G & E. 8 - —
INSURANCE.
FIrem'a Fnd.270 280 J ,
BANKS. »
Am B A T.112& — .First Natlonl— ' — ,
Anglo-Cal .. 88 90 L P & A.. ..166 —
Bank of Cal.447% — JMer Ex (llq) 2T —
Cal Safe Dp. 124 — IS F Nationl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...2015 — iSav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — 3ecurity Sav.330 40O
Mutual Sav. 80 — Union Trst.1330 —
5 F Sav U..535 — .1
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — IMarket 99%101
Geary — — IPresldlo .... 89 —
POWDER.
Giant 69 69%/Vigorit 8% 8%f
SUGAR.
Han* ....... 3Ti 4 Kilauea ..„ — 10
Hawaiian .. — 40 Makawell ..23 24
Honokaa ... 10 11 Onomea .... 23% 24tt>
Hutchinson . 12 12% Paauhau ... 11% 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.159%160% Pac A FA. 2% —
Cal Fruit As 95 100 Pac C Borx.165 — •
Cal Wine As — 100V4 Par Paint. . . S3 ,
Oceanic S Co — 2* \
Morning Session.
f Board —
' 25 Giant Powder Con............... 69 00
$2000 N P C C R RsBs bonds 110 M»
30 Spring Valley Water 89 75
Street—
100 Contra Costa Water 76 00
15 Pacific Gas Imp S3 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
35 Alaska Packer*' Assn 160 00
$3000 Oakland Gas bonds 112 50
$3000 Sacto Elec. Gas St. Ry 6s 104 0O
40 S P Ga« & Electric Co •.... 42 60
• 45 Spring Valley Water 89 75
60 Spring Valley Water .-. 89 50
* ¦:.¦ Street—
.40 Giant Powder Con 69 00
) PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornla- Session.
Board —
10<X) Occidental of West Va ' vf '
2000 OU City Petroleum 15
. . 100 Peerless 7 5/)
.100 Sterling 1 4T^«
10 Union 53 50'
Afternoon Session.
1000 Bear Flag 08
300 Central Point Con S o
10O Occidental of West Va i,j
500 Oil City Petroleum..: 15
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornini- Session.
500 Belcher 12 100 Ophir 1 -V>
20O Best & Belch. 12 40O Ophir 125
600 Best & Belch. 13 3ftO Ophir t W
2<X> Caledonia . . .. 87 SOO Ophir '." 1 S3
20O Challenge ... 15 GOO Potosi *" "ft
200 Chollar Oft 4CO Potost . .'. 19
1100 Mexican ..... B3 200 Sierra Nev. .. 36
50O Mexican. « 200 Union Con... 21
,'-£! S! cc 2 entaJ , ••• 16 2°<> Union Con... 2.J
1700 Occidental ... 15,10C0 Utah 07
Afternoon Session.
: 300 Best & Belch. IS 200 Ophir t 4O
20O Caledonia .... 87 100 Ophir I" "Ml 45
200 Caledonia .... ss 100 Sierra Xcv. .. l*
500 Con Cal & V.I. 45 2«O Sierra Nev... it
BOO Mexican 57 500 Union Con.... 2»
Continued on Page Sieves*
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%@13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%o for light,
15%c for extra light and 16<g)17o for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15c; Cali
fornia Hams, 14@14%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl
extra Mess. $10 50@H; Family, $11 50@12;
prime Meas Pork. $15@15 60; extra clear, S23-
Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. 12^4 c; Pie
Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels
pure. 12%c; 10-lb tins, 13&c; 5-lb tins, 1394c;
3-lb tins, 13%c.
COTTOLENE— One , half-barrel, 10%c; thre«
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce. 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces. 10%o per lb.
The feature of the Chicago market is the
high price of Hogs, which have- touched the
highest price of the year. They are now, aa
previously mentioned, i higher than their
product. Yesterday's market for meats was
lower on the day, with trading chiefly local.
There was nothing new In the San Francisco
market, business continuing dull.
Provisions.
Colusa — Grain doing nicely; fruit ripening
fast and conditions favorable.
Santa Rosa — Harvesting progressing; fruit
ripening -well; canneries running on cherries.
Cloverdale — Walnuts promising good crop;
almonds bearing shy.
Merced — Fruit becoming plentiful.
Newman — Conditions unchanged.
Willows — Crop conditions 6tlll favorable.
A. G. McADIE,
Section Director.
Palermo — Weather favorable for ail crops.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister — Cherries ripening fast, yield better
than expected.
Napa — Prunes, fair crop, good quality.
Riverside— Recent hot weather not bad; very
dry. . . . . _ ........ .-
Porterville — Apricots being dried; fine fruit
drying weather.
Stockton — Early fruits arriving in quantity;
apricots received from this locality fungus
spotted.
Livermore— Hay baling in progress.
Ventura — Crop conditions unchanged.
Hanf ord — Farmers busy cutting grain and
hay; apricots and peaches ripening very rapid
ly.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: -Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, fi@
4 25- Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@9; in
sacks, ?tt 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, ,52 75@3 25 per barrel for. family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3®
3 50.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Weather Report,
f120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 25 — 5 p. m.
"Crop news is generally favorable. - Rain has
fallen in abundant quantities over large sec
tions of the country and the condition of corn j
1* excellent; ivheat is improving and cotton
holds its own wcl!. Thus far the crop situation
Is perfectly satisfactory, and the outlook is
for a good export demand, considering the less
favorable accounts from abroad. Should the
harvests realize present promise the somewhat
expected industrial reaction may be postponed
another year. The effect of short crops has 1
been felt in more ways than one during the
last year; but no~here more distinctly than in j
our export trade, which during the last twelve
months declined over $92,000,000, while our
trade balance was $167,800,000 less than a year
ago. Another season of drift in this direction
might bring very inconvenient consequences to
ibo foreign exchange market. Our bankers
have made large borrowings in Europe, and in
tl.« present stale of credit expansion in the
fnlted States Jt would suit u? much better to
ehip larger quantities of breadstuffs and cotton
tlan goid. Fortunately the indications at pres- j
ent are that relief will corne ;n this form. 1
"Tfce principal cloud in the business situation
1b the labor outlook. Costs of manufacturing
have already risen so high and selling is so
often done at a high firrure. threatening to less
en consumption, that intelligent business men
are exercising more caution In the making of
future contracts. Production is rapidly in
creasing owing to new competition, and there
is a general feeling abroad ! that high prices
fcave reached their limit, and that very soon
recessions will be necessary to keep capacity
well employed. This expectation inj-cts an ele
ment of doubt into the situation, -which acts as
a restraint upon general businsss. Perhaps this
is wholesome, for there are no signs of diminu
tion In the volume of business, and indications
are that sosie recessions in values would stim
ulate sales and give opportunity to a lot of
new enterprises held back by the high cost ct
establishing new plants. Needless to aay. with
such conditions confronting them, employers
cenerally do not see the way of increasing
trbges costs; hence the deterrent effect of pres
ent labor difficulties.
••An Important element in the situation, en
tirely lost sight of for the moment, is the ces
eation of the Boer war. Its cost to Great
Britain during Its short duration of Ices than
three vears is now estimated at about $1.
20C,O00!oOU. while over 250,000 men were with
drawn from productive employments. No won
der English enterprise seemed to lag behind!
Now that these shackles have been removed and
the Britishers are 6purred by America's aston
ishing success in the industrial world, we may
expect to see a sharp revival of British enter
prise. We may feel this partly In keener com
petition, in which, however, the American is
well enough equipped to hold his own; we will
a'.to feel It in the renewed efforts tor world
development. In which we shall inevitably se
cure our full share. Whatever losses may
come, therefore, from English competition they
¦will be vastly more than offset by the new
openings for capital and enterprise which Brit
ish activity trill develop. English savings lost
In wsr for the last three years will now seek
new investments; depression will disappear.
&r.d unless unforeseen disasters occur we may
reasonably expect to share the benefits of such
a recovery. The effect of African development
will be most noticeable in increased sold sup
plies No less an authority than John Hays
Hammond has estimated that within one year
after the resumption of mining operations in
the Wifwatersrand (which contributed 25 per
c«nt of the world's product prior to the war)
the production of gold in that district tvould
rlF.e to nearly $100,000,000 per annum, and with
in three years it may reach $120,000,000. Such
heavy additions to the gold supplies are sure
10 ex"crt an important stimulus, that should not
fce lost sight of in estimates for the future.
They are certain to play an important part in
the " international exchanges before many
months.
"During the rart few days a bett-r invest
ment demand has be*n observed, due in part to
anticipation of the July disbursements. Last
year these reached the heavy total of $12.'..
000,000 and promise to exceed that figure this
year. The money market may be temporarily
disturbed by preparations for payment of these
sums but the outlook is for moderate rates un
til crop demands assert themselves. No de
cJd»dly caey rates however, can be depended
upon until there has been a further contraction
In loans and a building up of reserves. The
outlook continues for a good trading market
with the tendency of prices of desirable rail
road shares generally upward. These are all
well held and with good earnings and various
deals in prospret it is easier to lift them than
to depress them. The industrials are compara
tivclv ncplected and offer no speculative induce
men*'< V\> still advise sreat discretiou in buy.
ins; "for -while the present situation is fairly
promising prices are high, and insiders are sure
to realize on coming opportunities.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
The Trade Outlook.
Speculators are naming a range of 4%e to
8%o for new Peaches, according to quality,
with not much actual business reported.
Transactions in new Apricots are also light.
FRUITS— New Apricots, future delivery. Sit
7»S,c; old Apricots, 7@Sc for Royals and' 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 12@12%c; sun dried, ' 6@7c;
Peaches, 6i4@S%c per lb.
TRUNKS — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
3C-4Gs, 0i/i@6%c; 40-50s. 5@5%c; 50-60s, 4%0
4%c; 60-703. 4@4%c; 70-80s, 3%@3%c; 80-90s,
3@3}4c; 90-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown,
7%c; Loose Muscatels, 5%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5%c;
London Layers, $1 60 per box
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. ll@ll%c;
No. 2, 6@7c; No. 1, hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2,
7c; Almonds, 10%@12c f or papersheU ; 9@10c
for softshell and t>@7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
0@"c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Fil
berts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c.for bright and 9®llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 6(9
5¥>c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c: dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29o per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Summer p T cgctablcs in liberal receipt.
Poultry freely offered and easy.
Local siocks and bonds still dull.
Silver lower and Sterling Exchange rather higher.
Buyers paying high prices for Wheat in the country.
Barley lozcer, zveak and quiet.
Oats weaker, with not much doing.
Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
Beans and Seeds still inactive at previous prices.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue very plentiful.
Xau crop Dried Fruits meeting with some attcntiefi.
Provisions continue dull in all positions.
Hops firm, ivith good prices reported.
Nothing new in live or dressed Meats.
New Potatoes and Onions firmer and more active.
Am Car. & Foundry 2,600 32 31 »i 32
Am Car & Fdy pfd ]0O 91 91 91
Am Locomotive ...' 300 32% 32 '. 32
Am Locomotive pfd 100 93»i 93«i 93
Am Smelt & Ref.. ..... .... .;•.. 47%
Am Smtl & R pfd. 500 97% 97% 97«*
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 106 Vi 106 »4 106 &
Brooklyn RaD Trn. 2,500 67% 66% 67
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2,3.00/ 82% 8'J S9V4
Consolidated Gas.. 800 219U 218U 218%
Cont Tobacco pfd. 200 121 121 121
General Electric... ..: .300
Hocking Coal 200 16% 16 16
Internatnl Paper... 1, GOO 20U 20 20
Intern! Paper nfd . . . . ' 73
Laclede Gas 400 »% 85% 85 *
National Biscuit... f.7i .... 47%
National Lead *.... .... 21 1 /!
North American.... 10C 121 121 .121
Pacific Coast ..... .-¦. 65
Pacific Mail 200 41'i 40% -41
People's Gas ....... 900 101% 100 100%
Pressed Steel Car.. >- .... 45%
Pressed S Car Dfd. 100 85% 85% 85
Pullman Pal Car .... 232-
Republic Steel... ... 500 ' 17% 17 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 100 73 73 73
Sugar ;... 7,300 125% \ 124% 125%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 100 62% / 61% 61%
Union Batr & P Co. 100 : 15% 15% 14%
Union B&P Co pfd ..: .... Sl%
US Leather....;..- 1,400 12% • 12% 12%
US Leather pfd... :;..> 839i
U S Rubber ..... 14%
U S Rubber pfd..i .... 51%
U S Steel 9,300 37% 37% 37>/i
U S Steel pfd 5,100 88% 88% 88%
Western Union.... 500 90 89% 89%
Total sales "...273,200 shares. '
CLOSING BONDS. '
U S ref 2s, reg..,107% L & N iini 4s. ...103%
U S ref 2s. coup.. 108% Mexican Cent 4s. 84%
US 3s, reg. ... ..107& Mex Cent 1st inc. 31%
U S 3s, coup 107 'A M & St V 4s 105%
U S new 4s reg.. 135 M K & T 4s 91%
U S new 4s coup. 135 Jl K & T 2ds 84%
U S old 4s reg.. 109% NY Cent l6ts.,.104%
U S old 4s coup.110^, N Y C gen 3%s..lO9
US Ss reg 105 N J C gen 5s 139
U S 5s coup...... 105 Northern Pac 4s. 105
Atchison sen 4s.. 103 >i I Northern Pac.3s. 74%
Do adj 4s 93% N & W con 4s... 101%
Baltimore & O 43.102% Reading gen 4s.. .100%
Do 3%s .. . 97% St I. 4 I M c 5s. 110%
Do conv 4s 10ti% St L &. S F 4s 100
Can Southern 2ds.lO9% St L & SW lste.. 99%
Sent of Ga 5s 10S?i St L & SW 2ds.. 87
Do 1st inc S0% S A & A P 4s.. 90%
£hes & Ohio 4%s.lOS% Southern Pac 4s." 92'/*
& Alton 3%s. 8014 Southern Ry 5s.. 123%
C B & Q new 4s.. 90 Tex & Pac lsts.,119
C M & St P e 4s.11C%|t St L & W 4s. \ 83%
C & NW con 7s. 136% Union Pacific 4s.. 106%
C R I & P g 4s.. 112 UP conv 4s .107Vi
C C C & StL g 4s.l01% Wabash lsts .119%
Chi Term 4s 90 Wabash 2ds .111%
Col &. South 4s.. 96 Wabash deb B..J70>4
D & R G 4s 104 West Shore 4s.... 115%
Erie prior lien 4s. 101 W & L E 4s 95
Erje gen 4s 8S% Wis Cent 4s. .93%
F.W & D C 1st.. 113% Con Tobacco 4s.. 06%
Hocking Val 4 %s. 110 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2O!Little Chief 11
Alice - 40 Ontario 7 ' 50
Breece 50 Ophir 105
Brunswick Con.... 07 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel.. S'Z-'Potosl 15
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra.. .1 00 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver 1 25 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver 78, Standard 3 00
Leadviile Con or.|
BOSTON STOCKS AI^D BONDS.
Money— U S Steel pfd 88%
Call loans 3i/.@4 Westinghse Com. 105
Time loans 4 @5 Minin~—
Bonds — Adventure 22
Atchison 4s 102% Allouez 2%
Gas lsts 96 Amalgamated .... 63%
Mexican Cent 4s.. 82 Bingham 31%
N E Gas & Coke. GO-'jb Calumet & Hecla.595
Railroads — Centennial 17%
Atchison 81% Copper Range.... 53
Atchison pfd 100 Dominion Coal... 135%
Boston & Albany. 2C0 Franklin 10^
Boston & Maine. 201 Isle Royale 11 V-
N Y, N H & H..230 Mohawk 41%
Fitchburg pfd 143% Old Dominion 19«i
Union Pacific 104^4 Osceola 60
Mexican Central.. 27 b. Parrot 28
Miscellaneous — Quincy 130
Am Sugar ...125'/i Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Am Sugar pfd... 118% Tamarack 175
Am Tel & Tel...l"C% Trlmountain 95
Dom Iron & Steel. 51>;. Trinity 12%
General Electric. 305 United States 19
Mass Electric 42 Utah .....: 20%
Mass E!ec pfd... 97% Victoria 6
N E Gas & Coke. 3% Winona 4%
United Fruit Ill Wolverine 54%
U S Steel 37%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 96 • ,N Y Central J5S%
Cons for account. 9(5 (Norfolk & West.. 57%
Anaconda .. . 5^4 Norfolk & W pfd. 93
Atchison 83% Ontario & West.. 33%
Atchison pfd ... -lO^ri Pennsylvania .... 77 ; /i
Baltimore & O... 108 Vi 1 Reading 34 V»
Canadian Pac 136«i Reading 1st pfd.. 43
Ches & Ohio 47% Reading 2d pfd.. 35%
Chi Gt Western.. 30 Southern Ry 30%
k Chi Mil & St P.. 177U Southern Ry pfd. 97>i
Denver & R G... 4'i iSouthern Pacific 65^
D & R G pfd 94"-i;Union Pacific 107
Erie -••- 37'4 .Union Pac pfd... 91
Erie 1st pfd GS'&'u S Steel 3S%
Erie 2d pfd 54 US Steel pfd 91
Illinois Central... 153% Wabash 30?i
Louis & Nash ...138% Wabash pfd 47 V t
Mo Kan & Texas. 27% Spanish Fours .. 80%
M K & T pfd GO I
Bar silver, quiet. 24%d per ounce.
Money, 2Y*ii~Vi percent..
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2>£@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills Is 2%@2% per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, June 25.— Wheat showed strength
the first hour. , The opening was a trifle weak
on lower cables and a fairly good 'weather map.
There soon - arrived, however, a: batch -of bullish
reports of bad threshing returns, little ship
ments from Oklahoma, Indiana, Kansas and
Illinois, because of doubt as to , grading and
promises of more, wet • weather." Elevators
bought for a short time and July wheat, which
opened unchanged to %c lower at 74%@74%c,
advanced to 74%c. Yesterday it ., "was known
that the, short interest was pretty, well elimin
ated. 'Such a condition favored a collapse,
owing to the absence of any interest to sup
port the market on dips. This break came to
day, when the elevator interests stopped sup
porting and liberal selling was indulged in.
Longs who had '- •'•tailed". ¦ after ¦ the ' big bulls
scurried to secure paper profits or, to prevent
actual loss. \ Both July and " September options
were sold freely. July dropped to 73%c. Some
support was put under the pit for a time and
a rally to 74c followed, but the close, was
weak..%c lower for July, at"73%c.
. Corn had a good jump at the opening, Induced
by higher cables and cold, wet weather in the
growing corn country. ¦ Shorts covered and
the country bought liberally. July was pushed
up to the high price of 69c, which was reached
during last week's excitement. Shorts were
punished to some extent and then the market
was allowed to slip back. July closed %c up
at 68 %c. September closed a shade down at
bl%c.
Oats had a good advance early on buying
orders In the hands of all commission houses.
July closed firm, %c up, at 42V-C.
¦ It suited the packers again to-day to unload
some of their burden on the outsider. Hogs,
although touching $7 95, were generally
weaker. This caused general liquidation most
of the day. * July pork closed 17V-C lower, lard
10c lower and ribs (September) 15@17%c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows :
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 74% 74% 73% 73%
September 72% 72% 71% 71%
December ../... 72% ' 7314- 72% 72%
Corn No. 2 —
July •¦•• 6SU 69 68% 68%
September ..... GOy. 60% 59% 60%
December ...... 46«| 47U 46% 46%
Oats No. 2 —
July, old ... 38% 38Ts 38 38%
July, new 42ii 42% 42 42%
September, old. 30 30 29% 29%
September, new. 33 33 32% 32%
December, new. 32% 62% 32 32.
' Mess pork, per barrel —
July 18 32% 18 32% 18 12% 18 22%
September. 18 50 18 57% 18 35 18 47%
Lard, per 1C0 pounds —
July 10 C2% 10 62% 10 57% 10 57%
Eepternber . 10 67% 10 70 10 60 10 62%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
July '....10 75 10 75 10 70 10 70
September 10 62% 10 67% 10 60 10 62%
- Cash quotations were as follows : Flour,
steadier; No. 3 spring wheat, 74%c; No. 2 red,
80c; No. 2 yellow, 68c; No. 2 oats, 44%@45c;
No. 2 wht,te. 51%@52c; No. 3 white, 51@51%c;
No. 2 rye, 59%@60c; good feeding barley, 67c;
fair to choice malting, 68@70c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 C<5; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 74; prime tim
othy seed. $5 75; mess pork, per barrel. $18 22%
@18 27%; lard, .per 100 pounds, $10 52%; short
ribs sides (loose), $10 C5@10 75; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 8%@8%c; short clear sides
(boxed). $10 75@10 8"V,; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 30;, clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 54,000 69,000
Corn, bushels 214,000 121,000
Oats, bushels .321,000 222,000
Rye, bushels 2,000
Barley, bushels 23,000 2,000
6UjC for all grades. Apricots are quiet and
quoted at lQMiC to 14c in .. boxes; in bags,
lOSillc. . . . * ¦¦;. , ,
Peaches. are dull; prices for peeled range
from 12c to lCc; for unpaeled, from 8i»c to
10* ic.
Larger drawers from other localities bring the
prices quoted below. A few era tea of Tragedy
Prunes were received from the river and sold
at ' $1@1 15 per crate. Cantaloupes were of
fering freely and prices were unchanged.
There Is nothing new to report in Citrus fruits.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@8 for Longwortha and
$2®4 for Malindas. ¦ : . : ¦.
. RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest; crates, 60
@75c. . v '
LOGANBERRIES— $2@3 50 per chest.
¦ BLACKBERRIES— 44@B per chest; In crates,
25@40c. | . \
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@35c per drawer. V, '
CURRANTS— $3@4 50 per chest.
PLUMS— Clyman, 20@35c per box and 40®
50c per crate; baskets. 15@35c; Cherry Plums,
20@30c per drawer and 40@50c in larger pack
ages.
APRICOTS— 25®40c per box and 35®50c per
crate; in baskets. 25@40c: bulk boxes. 50c@$l.
APPLES— Green, 20@30c -per box and 20®
40c per basket; large boxes. 50c@$l.
PEARS— Madeline, 15@25c for small boxes;
large boxes, 50@75c.>
• PEACHES— 30@60c per box and 25@50c per
basket.
CHERRIES— White. 25@40c per box; In bulk.
2@3c; Black, 20@5Oc per box and 2@3%c In
bulk; cartons from San Jose, 75c; Royal Annes.
50@75c per box and 4@6c in bulk; cartons from
San Jose. $1. .'
MELONS — Cantaloupes, from Yuma, $1@2
per crate; from Indio, $2@2 75 per crate; Wa
termelons from Indio, 20c each.
GRAPES— Thompson's seedless from Indio,
$2 per crate; from Yuma. $1 50 per crate.
FIGS — Black. 75c@$l for single layers and
$1 50@2 for double layer boxes; White, $1 per
drawer. ' ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges. $1@2;
Mediterranean Sweets. $1@2 50; St. Michaels.
?1@3; Valencias. $1 23<3>3 50; Tangerines. $1 50
In half- boxes; Lemons, $1@1 50 for common,
$1 75@2 50 for choice and $3@3 50 for fancy;
Grape Fruit. $2@3 50; Mexican Limes. $5@5 60;
Bananas. $1 50@2 per bunch for New Orleans
and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $150(3
3 per dozen. ,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, 83%c.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 83Vic;
2000, 83c; 4000. 83%c.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
ttls, 83%cJ : - • \
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The market for new Reds was weak
and lower yesterday, with not much demand.
There were some sales at $1 07 1 /. for inferior
and $1 17% for No. 1. with $1 20 asked for
especially fine lots. There have been no sales
reported of the 6000 ctls which arrived on
Tuesday from Oregon. They- are still held at
f 1 30. ¦ . . -: = -
Chicago continues to report an urgent demand
for cash Oats. . .
New Reds are quoted at $1 07%@l 17% for
common to choice and $120 for fancy; old
Oats are nominal as follows: Whites, SI 25@
I 30: Milling, $1 30; Black, $1 15@1 25 per ctl.
CORN — There is nothing : new. The market
is dull, with some sales at the established
Vices. . ' •-> ' '
Large Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small round do.
$1 50@l B2V>; White, $1 50@l 55.
RYK — 85@87%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls. $1 13%. ¦ .
Second Session — December.— 4000 ctls, $1 13% ;
WOO. $1 13%. ?.• . •
Regular Morning: Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December— 2000 ctls,
H 13%. -
BARLEY — The market was lower, both on
and off call, with sellers more than willing to
let go and buyers indifferent. ' '•
New Feed. 90@93%c: old, Feed, 95@96 1 ,4c;
brewing. 96>4@97%c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked for
standard. • ...-.¦•. .
CALL BOARD SALES
Wheat in the interior of the State. While the
spot quotation for shipping in this market is
given at $1 12 % by both shippers and sellers,
it is common talk on- the Produce Exchange
that much higher prices are being paid by spec
ulators and other buyers in the- country. . Sev
eral days ago sales for this outside account at
$115 were reported, and yesterday a sale as
high as $1 20, Port Costa, was confirmed. Of
course this figure is away above the parity of
the foreign market, and the only explanation is
that there is keen competition for Wheat, and
as the farmers are generally holding back the
buyers are compelled to pay a stiff advance to
get the groods, and take their chancea about
getting out even later on.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 12%; milling, $1 15
@1 17% pef.ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Paris 'futures were lower. ,
.Chicago was- firmer, but dull. The cash de
mand was less urgent. : The interior movement
of winter Wheat was slightly larger. St. Louis
reported t"he cash demand very poor yesterday,
though otherwise the Southwest .was a good
buyer oh the Chicago market.
There seems to be something going on in
THE SA^N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1902.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS;
8
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, - 60 days.... '— 4 86'i
Sterling Exchange, sight. ....... '?— 4 88?i
Sterling Cables .. — : 4 89»i
New York Exchange, sight. .... — . 15 •
New York Exphange, telegraphic > 17 Vi
Silver, per ounce . ..... .. .'. . .-*. . . — £' 52%
Mexican, Dollars,; nominal..'...;: •— ' ' .-' 45^
¦-•¦-..-¦•.¦¦¦ -.,.- . v.-i ;r i i ¦ ¦-¦¦
Receipts of- Berries were large and the local
trade bought sparingly. Only- a few lota of
choice brought the top quotations. The- can
nera were ¦ in the '¦¦ market , and bought up most
of the receipts, paying $2 per chest for Blacks
Logans ; and Mallndas and $3 for Raspberries'
There were a lot of poor Currants received that
were I sold to j syrup makers at • $2 per chest
Gooseberries were in light supply and. firm
' The canners bought up most of the Cherries
in bulk, paying from \\',c tp 3c for white and
black according to quality. There was eome
demand for choice stock tn coxes for shippin
but the local trading was; indifferent.
¦ There ¦ was a steady, inquiry ¦ for, choice de
ciduous fruits • for northern shipping, but of
ferings were too large to permit of any advance
in prices. The canners bought some choice lots
of yellow Apricots from the river at $15@17 50
per ton;and : were offering $10 for. the white
Black; Figs • are coming . in - from Vlsalla in
email packages and sell at 25@30c in single
layer > and V 60c@$l In > double layer drawers.
New York Grain and Produce.
STATIONS. Iq II
S B »
c c
2 3
Chloo .......... S3 fil
Qovcrdale 65 M ,
;•¦•«¦¦ 2 o <
•| « s ¦¦•;Iii
C S ••¦ D S o,
c*. . ** ft •
c r * I • •
a • - I ;
.00 Clear .... „
Colusa SG
Eureka' 60
Fresno ...'.....'. 04
Hanford - 96
Hollister 79
Independence .. 96
King City 82
Livermore 87
Los Angeles . . . . 82
Merced .. 91
Kapa - S5
Newman 91
Palermo 91
.Porterville 95
Red Bluff 90
Riverside 93
Sacramento .... 84
San Diego 68
San Francisco :'.¦ 68 -
S. L. Obispo 78
Santa Rosa .... 83
Stockton 87
Ventura 78
Willows 90
61
50
62
67
44
68
50
€2
60
53
51
51
59
53
64
55
54
62
52-
52
46
02
53
61
.00 Clear
.00 Clear '
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 "Clear
.00- Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
..00 .Clear...
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00^ Clear-"
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear -
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
w"
W
N
w"
s'w
s"
s"
s"
s ,
" W- ¦
w
sw
s •
ic
8
20
St
- 6
Lt
i2
Lt
14
14
STATIONS.
3
5?S
c •
1
2
€ c
I 3
c
! C
'¦
to . *r
l! t
o
Astoria.
Baker -.
Garson .'.
Boreka.
FY^fno . ......
KlapstaJT
Focatello. Ida.
Independence
Is-f Angeles.,..
Pho»nlx •....*..
Portland :
ned Bluff
Rc*eburg
Sacramento, ..
Bait Lake.....
San Francisco.
H. L. Obispo. .
Ean Diego
Seattle .......
Spokane
Neah Bay
Walla Walll. .
"WJnnemucra .
Yuma .¦
.29.96
.29.82
.28.72
.30.02
.29.70
i".29.62
29.50
.29.72
.29.52
:23.9*
.23.72
.29.J18.
.29.74
.23.00
>.23.ft«
-29.^t
.29.74
.2fl.»2
.29.70
.20 .92
.2fl.S0
.29.«'-*<
.29.52
66
66
74
.00
M
kh
06
-82
112
66
no
. CS'
84-
90
?a?
•7S
6$
70
c7i
7«
78
no
4S
[«:
bo
?/*2-'
64.
m
66
60
SO
r.o
«4
56
M.
68
52
52
62
56
C2
74
w
K
KW
vi"
tv
w
w
w .
s
XT*'
g
N -
W
W
S
sw
sw
w
w
w
s
Cloudy .02
PtCMy .02
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Rain t".
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .02
Clear .00
PtCldy .<J0
Clear .00
«^lear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear T.
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .03
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
STATIONS. Iq II
S B »
c c
2 3
Chloo .......... S3 fil
Qovcrdale 65 M ,
;•¦•«¦¦ 2 o <
•| « s ¦¦•;Iii
C S ••¦ D S o,
c*. . ** ft •
c r * I • •
a • - I ;
.00 Clear .... „
STATIONS.
3
5?S
c •
1
2
€ c
I 3
c
! C
'¦
to . *r
l! t
o
Astoria.
Baker -.
Garson .'.
Boreka.
FY^fno . ......
KlapstaJT
Focatello. Ida.
Independence
Is-f Angeles.,..
Pho»nlx •....*..
Portland :
ned Bluff
Rc*eburg
Sacramento, ..
Bait Lake.....
San Francisco.
H. L. Obispo. .
Ean Diego
Seattle .......
Spokane
Neah Bay
Walla Walll. .
"WJnnemucra .
Yuma .¦
.29.96
.29.82
.28.72
.30.02
.29.70
i".29.62
29.50
.29.72
.29.52
:23.9*
.23.72
.29.J18.
.29.74
.23.00
>.23.ft«
-29.^t
.29.74
.2fl.»2
.29.70
.20 .92
.2fl.S0
.29.«'-*<
.29.52
66
66
74
.00
M
kh
06
-82
112
66
no
. CS'
84-
90
?a?
•7S
6$
70
c7i
7«
78
no
4S
[«:
bo
?/*2-'
64.
m
66
60
SO
r.o
«4
56
M.
68
52
52
62
56
C2
74
w
K
KW
vi"
tv
w
w
w .
s
XT*'
g
N -
W
W
S
sw
sw
w
w
w
s
Cloudy .02
PtCMy .02
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Rain t".
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .02
Clear .00
PtCldy .<J0
Clear .00
«^lear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear T.
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .03
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Colusa SG
Eureka' 60
Fresno ...'.....'. 04
Hanford - 96
Hollister 79
Independence .. 96
King City 82
Livermore 87
Los Angeles . . . . 82
Merced .. 91
Kapa - S5
Newman 91
Palermo 91
.Porterville 95
Red Bluff 90
Riverside 93
Sacramento .... 84
San Diego 68
San Francisco :'.¦ 68 -
S. L. Obispo 78
Santa Rosa .... 83
Stockton 87
Ventura 78
Willows 90
61
50
62
67
44
68
50
€2
60
53
51
51
59
53
64
55
54
62
52-
52
46
02
53
61
.00 Clear
.00 Clear '
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 "Clear
.00- Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
..00 .Clear...
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00^ Clear-"
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear -
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
w"
W
N
w"
s'w
s"
s"
s"
s ,
" W- ¦
w
sw
s •
ic
8
20
St
- 6
Lt
i2
Lt
14
14
AUCTION SALES
ft* .fe
Absolute Dispersal^ale at Auction
TROTTING-BRED BROpD
MARES, COLTS AND FILLIES
From the GABILAN STOCK FARM lot HON.
JESSE" D. CARR. Salinas, Cal.
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY, JUNE 26. 1902, at II a. m..
AT SALESYARD. 1732 Market St., corner \aa
Ness ave., -San *'«"»cisco. CaL
Electioneer, Boodle. Wilkea and Mambrina
Patchen Blood, backed by that of the great
Williamson's Belmont. One of the «"} d «*
collections of Brood Mares. Colts and * lines
ever offered In California. Mares wIOi coin
by and In foal to Boodle Jr. 34.835. Nutwood
Wilkes 2:1614. Ecco 15,993. Hambletonlan
Wllkes 1679 and other high-class stallions.
Horses at yard June 22. Catalogues now ready.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Kllto & Co.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
£* £* £*
On same day will gell consignment of 30 head
well broken horses, weighing from 105O to l»0O,
from the Dennis ranch. Mariposa County.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. 1732 Market st.
£*
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION.
If you want to sell anything or buy anything
wait for our auctions. W« have a larga as-
sortment of HORSES to suit any business:
also a lot of WAGONS. BUGGIES. CART3
and HARNESS. GROVE- ST. STABLES.
Grove st.. bet Polk st. and Van Ness ave..
THURSDAY, June 26.
MADIGA3T, O*NEILl> & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
50 BEAD IT AUCTION.
ONE CARLOAD MODOC H0RSE3
. Consigned by James McCabe. - ' -••¦¦
Also one carload thoroughly broken hlgh-cla««
DRIVING HORSES at STEWART'S ,
HORSE MJVRKET,
721 HOWARD STREET, Near Third.
Phone Main 1150.
MONDAY. June 30, 11 a. n.
Some GENTLE j DHIVINO AND WORK
HORSES cheap at •-.'¦¦•-
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET,
721 HOWARD STREET. - - ¦'••-.- -iOAKLAND, June 25.— Licenses to mar
ry were issued to-day . to Harry Brand,
aged 23, San Francisco, and Aljce D. Pe
termann, 21, HaywaTds; John W. Alexan
der, 1 32, and Minnie M. Young, 27. both
of Oakland; Robert ' B. Bowles, 37 and
Katherine L. Clark, 28, both of San Di
ego; Louis K. Herling, 26, and Mary
Ebeling, 25, both of Oakland; Henry Witt
24, and Marguerite Wells, 22, both of
Oakland: William A. Gallagher, 22, and
Mabel Howard, 21, both of Oakland;
Charles Davis, 45, and Catherine Seery,
26, both of Oakland; James P. Dunwoody,
24. San Francisco, and Alita Campbell,
20. Oakland. • -" - — - • -'-^
Licensed to Marry.
¦A writ of attachment was Issued yes
terday by Superior Judge Murasky
against Chief of Police Wittman on all
moneys now in his possession belonging
to Black. The attachment is in connec
tion with a suit filed by the Security Trust
Company against Black for the recovery
of $500 alleged to have been paid on a
fraudulent draft.
Cashier Scott swore to another ' com
plaint before the Judge yesterday charg
ing Black with making and passing a fic
titious check for $800 on June 12 on the
Citizens' Bank of Santa Clara. The check
was made payable to Black and signed
"G. A. Groves." The warrant was served
by Detective McMahon upon Black In the
City Prison.
Chief Wittman was notified yesterday
that an officer had left Springfield, Mass.,
with the necessary papers for Black's ex
tradition and everything will be done to
hold Black till the officer arrives. \ Black
is accused of swindling a bank ln<Spring
iield out of $385 by means of a worthless
draft.
J. B. Black, the man with many aliases,
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
on two charges of making and passing
fictitious checks. Assistant District At
torney Weller asked that the case in
which C. S. Scott, cashier of the Western
National Bank, was the complaining wit
ness be dismissed and It was so ordered.
Weller then asked that the case in which
Colonel Andrews of the Diamond Palace
is the complaining witness be continued
till to-morrow, which was granted against
the strenuous objections of Attorneys
Schooler and Campbell for the defendant.
NEW CHARGE BOOKED
AGAINST J. B. BLACK
View books, photographs, Mexican carVed
leather articles, orange wood panels, red
wood bark novelties, scenic playing cards,
etc. The greatest assortment of real nice
things in the city. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. ¦ •
California Souvenirs,
Father Welch will preach at Father
dyne's first mass next Sunday morning
at St. Dominic's, Benlcia. Father O'Dan
iel will be deacon and Brother Antonius
sub-deacon. Father Hunt will celebrate
his first mass at 10:30- next Sunday morn
ing at Vallejo, when the Rev. Father J.
L. O'Neil will preach the sermon. Father
Lamb will be deacon and Brother Ra
phael sub-deacon. Father Kelly will say
his first mass at 11 o'clock Sunday morn
ing at St. Dominic's, this city. Father
Wilson will serve as deacon and Father
Clancy as sub-deacon. Father Driscoll
of Vallejo will preach the sermon.
Archbishop Riordan was assisted in
the ceremony, by the Rev. Fath
er Edward P. '. Dempsey, the Rev.
Father Charles A. Kamm, the Rev.
Father O'Daniel of Kentucky, the Rev.
Father Welch of St. Dominic's, the Rev.
Father T. C. Clancy, the Rev. Father
Rourke and the Rev. Father Calllgan.
After the ceremony of ordination the
three young priests gave their blessings
to the congregations and then His Grace
delivered a short address, in which he
impressed upon the newly ordained priests
the dignity conferred on them and* the
great responsibllites of the principles of
life. His Grace exhorted them to be true
to their ordination vows and fervently
asked the prayers of the congregation
that God's help and grace would be with
the newly ordained during all their years
of life.
. The sacred edifice - was attended by
many of the friends and relatives of the
priests ordained— Father Humbert Kelly,
who is well known and highly respected
in this city; Father Bertrand Clyne and
Father Andrew Hunt. > ¦'
Impressive Ceremony Performed Be
fore Large Congregation and Young
; Fathers Give Blessing.
Archbishop^ Riordan performed' the Im
pressive office of ordination yesterday
morning at 7 o'clock at St. Mary's Cathe
dral.
ARCHBISHOP ORDAINS
, PRIESTS AT CATHEDRAL
Democrats of Twenty-Eighth.
The Democrats of the Twenty-eighth
Assembly District organized a club last
night. John Deary was elected president.
Samuel Newman was Indorsed for Rail
road Commissioner.
The remains of John K. C. Hobbs, mem
ber of the firm of Hobbs, Wall & Co.- and
who. died June 11 on board the steamer
• Friedrlch der Grosse from a stroke of
apoplexy, have arrived in New York and
owing to the condition of the body it was
necessary to cremate it there. Mrs.
HoJSbs will leave shortly for this city with
the ashes. . .' . "
Hobbs' Body Is Cremated.
Scharf Dies at the Hospital.
C. Scharf, the sailor who was found un
conscious in a box car on the water
front, died at the General Emergency
Hospital yesterday morning. , •
¦ August Larsen, a Swedish sailor, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by Detec
tives Dinan and Wren on suspicion of
having been implicated in Scharf's death.
Larsen admits that he engaged In a saloon
fow with Scharf at 122 East street early
on Monday evening, and claims that he
did nothing in the fight that could pos
sibly result in death. When Scharf left
the saloon he went with a sailor, and
later in the night Larsen claims that he
he"ard the two men quarreled and Scharf
was badly beaten in the row. The police
do not think Larsen is responsible for
Scharf s death, but are holding him 'pend
ing a thorough investigation.
Funeral of Theodore Ot. Hosmer.
The funeral of Theodore G. Hosmer, the
young Stanford student who died at Wa
wona on Sunday last, will take place this
morning at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. The
following pallbearers have been selected:
W. L. Beedy. L. S. Beedy, John H. Pol
hemus, Arthur Gelssler, J. F. Lanagan
and William H. Blake. The Right Rever
end Bishop Nichols will conduct the serv
ices Of the Episcopal Church. A special
train, leaving Third and Townsend streets
at 9 a. m., will convey the mourners to
the cemetery. , , ,
LOS ANGELES, June 25. — A. Stanley Dolan
assistant medical superintendent at Highland
Asylum, has resigned. . -
WASHINGTON, June 25.— The Post
office Department to-day announced:
Postmaster appointed— Oregon— S. S. Aik
en, Prospect, Jackson County, vice J.
M. Alken, deceased; Clark • Williams,
Sams Valley, Jackson County, vice J. R.
P Rowe, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—Edward Winslow, Monti
cello, $6; Original, war with Spain-
James F. McGreevy, San Francisco, J6.
Increase— Edward Garrity, San Francis
co 510; David E. Adams, Los Angeles,
$17; John Robinett, Lodi, $8; John King
sley, Veterans' Home, Napa, $10; Jona
than Hardy, Healdsburg, $8. Widows—
Alma H. E. Fisher, Pasadena, $8; Adol
phine A. WIdemeyer, Los Angeles, $20;
Carrie B. Robinson, San Francisco, • ?8;
Scphronia E. Thomas, Riverside, $8.
Oregon— Original— Daniel G. Parker, La
fayette, $6. Increase— Moses B. Barker,
Portland, $10. Widows — Carolina L. Mar
tin, Point Terrace, $8.
Washington— Original— Delos Jacotfus,
Tacoma, $8. Increase— Thomas Marshall,
Soldiers' Home, Or ting, $12; Henry 4 Mc-
Creary, Orting, $10. Widows— Addie S.
Hinckley, Seattle, $8.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Thomas Nunan, a newspaper reporter,
was closeted with the jurors for. a brief
period this morning, j He was called to
establish the authenticity of several inter
views with Dalton that appeared in hi3
paper. L. G. Jordan, bookkeeper for the
inquirer, was recalled to mi In some gaps
in his previous testimony.
Supervisors Mitchell and Church, who
were on the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors when Dalton's bills
were passed, were called to explain how
It was that the county paid for something
it never got. They are said to have ex
p ? Jne< L that the y took for granted that
all of Dalton's indorsements as to the re
ceipt of goods were correct.
Editor Daniels and Assessor Dalton
were recalled for the third or fourth time
?l, tne ir own request. T. M. Robinson,
Chief Deputy. Assessor,. was the last wit
ness of the day. An adjournment was
then taken until to-morrow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 23.
The Grand Jury has got down to the
bottom facts in its investigation of the
missing book scandal that Is shaking up
politicians and the Courthouse and the
wind-up and indictments are expected to
come to-morrow. The last witness, with
the exception of Frank J. Moffltt, was
called to-day and his testimony is ex
pected to be short .
It was all Abraham Lincoln could do. Inci
dentally he has done all. Taft has done It.
Wood has done It. These three men have ren
dered that seirice. I can do nothing for them.
I can show my appreciation of them In no way
nave the wholly insufficient one of standing up
for them and for their works, and that I will
do.
The President paid a glowing compli
ment to Secretary Root, saying of the
three men that they had done the best
that,.circumstances permitted. Said he in
conclusion:
• ¦H-l-I-l-l-l-H-H-l-I-I-'H-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-O
the standard of political and social life In
that island; to clean it physically and morally;
to make Justice even and fair in it; to found
a school system that should be akin to our
own; to teach the people after four centuries
of misrule that there were such things ps
governmental righteousness and honesty and
fair play for all men on their merits as men.
He did all that. He Is a man of slender
means. He did it on his pay as an army offi
cer and as governor of the Island. Sixty mii
lion« of dollars passed through his hands, and
he came out having to draw on his slender
capital 1p order that he might come out even
when ht- left the island. Credit to him? Yea,
in. a way. In another, no particular credit,
because he was built so that he could do noth
ing olse.. He came out having done that and
as having devoted himself to the good of the
Cuban people in all their relations as man
could. He has come back here and has been
attacked, forsooth, by people who are not mere
ly unworthy of having their names coupled
with his, but rrho are incapable of understand
ing the motive* that have spurred him on to
bring hener to this republic.
And Taft, Judge Taft, Governor Taft, who
has been the head of the Philippine Commis
sion, and who has gone back there. Taft, the
most brilliant graduate of his year at Yale,
the youngest Yale man upon whom that insti
tution ever ' conferred the degree of LL.D., a
man who having won high positions at the
'bar and then served as solicitor general, with
all his tastes impelling him to a judicial ca
reer, and who was appointed to the United
States bench and was asked to give up . the
position to go to the other side of the world
to take ud an infinitely difficult and infinitely
dangerous problem, and to do his best to move
It He has done his' best. He came back here
the other day. The man has always had the
honorable ambition to get upon the Supreme
Court, and he knew that I had always hoped
he would be put upon the Supreme Court, and
when there was a question of a vacancy aris
ing I said to him. "Governor. I think I ought
to tell you that if a vacancy comes In the Su
preme Court, while It would give you an op
portunity to be put In the position you would
like to have, I think I ought to tell you that
If such a vacancy should occur I do not see
how I could possibly give It to you, for I need
you where you are."
He said to me, "Mr. President, it has always
been my dream to be In the Supreme Court,
but If you should offer me a Justiceship now
and at the same time Congress should take
off entirely my Balary as Governor. I should
go straight back to the Philippines, neverthe
less, for those people need me, and expect me
back, and believe I won't desert them." He
has gone back, gone as a strong friend among
weaker friends, to help them upward along
the stony and difficult path of self-government.
To do his part, and as a great part. In mak
ing the American name a symbol of honor and
good faith in the Philippines: to govern with
Justice and with that firmness, that absence
of • weakness, which Is only another side of
Justice. He has gone back to do all of that
because It Is his duty and he sees It. We
ere to be congratulated, we Americans that
we have a fellow American like Taft.
The Vincent family lived In perfect har
mony at 835% Seventh street until "Gay
Paree" came to town. The husband took
his wife and baby to see it. He struck up
an acquaintance with the muscle dancer
and was soon Infatuated with her painted
charms. He went again and again and
finally Informed his wife of his attach
ment. She protested in vain.
When last Saturday arrived Vincent
drew half a month's pay from the rail
road company and resigned his position.
Then he went home and told his wife
that he was going to Reno with the "Gay
Paree" company. He was a passenger on
the train with his charmer when it pulled
out of the depot Sunday morning.
A "Gay Paree" girl has broken up the
once nappy family of William Vincent,
until three days ago an employe of the
Southern Pacific Company. The show left
town the night the Elks' Carnival closed
and Vincent went with the lady who does
the muscle dance. His wife is distracted
over his conduct and his infant child crys
for a father.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 25.
Fain and Markley dissolved partnership
a vear ago, Markley retaining the store
building and business. Recently Fain
sold the land on which the store stands
to another resident of Champoeg arid
Markley was last night given notice to
move the building off the land within six
months. This morning, as Fain came out
of his house at the rear of the store and
passed the store, he was shot.
Neighbors, hearing the report, rushed to
his aid in time to hear the statement of
the dying man. He accused Markley,
who, he said, had opened the back door
of the store, and, exclaiming, "We will
now have a settlement,, and you'll take
your medicine," fired at close range. *
Fain died two hours later. His weapon
was a shotgun and a charge of buckshot
had entered Fain's left Bide, passing
through the abdominal wall.
Markley is wealthy and an old settler.
Fain also was well to do. Both men were
bachelors. Fain has two sisters in Mis
souri and a father In Los Angeles.
SAL.EM, Or., June 25.— Champoeg, an
historic town in this county, was this
morning the scene of a sensational mur
der. John D. Fain, for many years a
business man of Champoeg, was shot in
the front of his house at 5 o'clock. His
former partner, J. F. MarKiey, is held in
the County Jail, charged with the crime.
Should it appear from the evidence that
Yang smuggled any opium Into Hawaiian
territory, the United States Government
will request the Chinese Government to
recall Agent , Yang as an exceedingly un
pleaslng person, in the diplomatic sense.
The case of Yang- Tsang Cheng, con
sular agent for the Chinese Empire at
the port of Honolulu, has been brought
to the attention of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and Customs Collector Strat
ton has been requested by the depart
ment to make an investigation and to
submit to the authorities at Washington
his report." " .---; -. .> : •* '-¦
It was a law of the Hawaiian kingdom
,in the days of jovial King Kalakaua that
no opium for smoking purposes should be
allowed to be introduced Into the islands.
The law was continued in force when the
islands were annexed to thd United
States and still continues. Hence the
profit in smuggling the drug Into the isl
and Is very large, and because of the in
ducements offered the Treasury Depart
ment has insisted "that the local law
should be enforced rigidly. Several weeks
ago Tang Tsang Cheng, who had
been recently appointed by the- Chinese
Government, arrived at Honolulu to as
sume his duties as consular agent. He
brought with him twenty-two trunks
supposed and represented to contain his
personal baggage. These trunks were al
lowed by the customs officials to be land
ed without being examined for dutiable
or prohibited goods, the exemption being
a matter of courtesy in the case of em
bassadors and other diplomats. Soon af
ter Yang's arrival it was discovered that
large quantities of smoking opium were
being sold at prices considerably below
the ruling fate,- and an investigation
brought to light facts tending to show
that the opium had been smuggled by
Consular Agent Yang.
The Treasury Department notified E.
R. Stackable, collector of the port cf
Honolulu, that consular agents are not
ranked as diplomats and that Yang was
not entitled to the privilege of having his
baggage landed without examination.
Collector Stackable has replied that he
¦was very new to his duties when Agent
Yang arrived,*but that he had requested
the United States quarantine officer to
be very careful when fumigating the
trunks, to see that they did not contain
opium.
General Wood some years ago went to Cuba,
lie has served there ever since, haM rendered
service to that co-untry of that kind which
if performed 3000 years ago would have made
him a hero mixed up with the eun god tn
various ways. A man who devoted his. whole
life to tli«>se fonr years and thought of nothing
else: did nothing else save to try to bring up
No man has a right to arrogate to himself
one psrticle of superiority bec&uee he lias had
a college education, but he Is bound. If he is
In truth a. man. to feel that the fact of his
having had a college education imposes upon
him a heavy burden of responsibility; that it
makes it doubly incumbent on him to do well
and nobly in his life, private and public. I
want to speak of three men who during the
last three or four years nave met with that
requirement — of a graduate of Hamilton Col
leg*, Elihu Root; a graduate of Tale, Gover
nor Taft, and of a fellow Harvard man — Gen
eral Wood. Men who did things, who did not
say how should they do them, but did them
themselves; men who have met that greatest
of our nf*£e — the need for the service that
cannot be bought, the need for the service that
can only be rendered by the man willing to
forego the material advantages, for It has
got to be riven at the man's own material cost.
When in Knjrland they get a man to do what
Lord Crtrner did in Egypt; when a man re
turns as Lord Kitchener will return from South
Africa, thev give him a peerage and a gteat
sum of money. He receives large and tangible
reward. End our Cromere, our men- of that
stamp, come back to the country, and if they
are fortunate they go back to private life with
the privilege of taking up what they can find
with the strings loose when they surrendered
their old connections, and if they are unfor
tunate they are accused of maladversion in
office — not an accusation that hurts them, but
an accusation that brands with infamy any
man who makes it, and that reflects but ill
on the country in which It is made.
After euloglnzlng Senators Hoar and
Lodge and Secretary Hay, Mr. Roosevelt
said:
Let me speak for all Americans to-day when
I say that we watch with the deepest concern
and sympathy the sick-bed of the English
King and that all Americans In tendering
their hearty sympathy to the people of Great
Britain now remember only the outburst of
general grlel with which England la«t fall
greeted the calamity that befell us in the
death of President McKinley.
Executive Makes a Touching- Befer-
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 25.— In open
ing his address at Harvard commence
ment dinner this afternoon President
Roosevelt said:
ence to the British. King.
ADDRESS BY ROOSEVELT.
Dying Business Man Ac
' cuses His Former
Partner.
Treasury Department to
Investigate the Case of
Yang Tsang Cheng.
Chiarlnl Brothers' Dewdrop, one of th«
best greyhounds In the State, died yes
terday.
Class ¦ reserve stake, forty-eight entries—
Aeneid Kennels* May Mornln? vs. A. R. Curtis*
Miranda; P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold v».
J. Regan's Menlo Prince; P. M. Clarkson's
Prompto va. \V. Cairn's Gold Ore; A. McLeod's
Money Musk vs. J. Shea' a Shadow; J. Shea's
Belfast vs. -P. J. Horgan's Magnilla; Aeneid
Kennels' Matters Much vs. W. Ross' Tillle R;
Chiarini Bros.' Gambit vs. Chiarlnl Bro».*
Cozette; P. M. Clarkson's M13S Brummel vs. B.,
Thuerner's Blackcloud; F. A. McComb'a Motto
vs. J. J. Edwards' Go On; M. C. Delano's Con
sort vs. M. 'Nealon's Aeneas; J. Charlton'a
Countess vs. J. F. Rogers' Glaucus; P. J. Hor-
gan's Peerless vs. J. Seggerson's Algy Mc-
Donald; E. Geary's Awaln Laioa vs. A. > R.'
Curtis' Orlando; J. Hurley's Alfalfa vs. W. J.
Leonard's Tom Hurltck; J. Seggerson'a Gold
Hill va. O. Zahl's Miss Wilson; C. O. Peter
son's Lady Nellie vs. J. McCormick's Sir John;
Kelly ' & " Hanley's Naughty Girl vs. J. Re-*
gall's Flora Belle: T. Jolley's Little May vs. A.
McLeod's Pure Pearl: E. Geary's Fenll vs. XV.
Ross' Belfry; A. R. Curtis' Nestor va. T. Ma
her's Piker- Chlarini Bros.' White Hat vs. Ti-
Sullivan's Vagrant; J. Hurley's Sugar Cano
vs. P. J. Horgan's Partial Eclipse: J. J. Ed
monds' Morning Glory vs. Kelly & Hanley's
Fearful Ship; P. C. Bllck'a Alaa-a-Dale vs. J.
Charlton's Charming Thought.
Special stake, thirty-two entries — Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. P. Doyle' s Liber
ator; Chlarini Bros.' Sempronius vs. E. Geary's
Ireland; J. Charlton's Cloudburst vs. E. Geary's
Roy Hughie; J. P. Thrift' a Brutus vs. F.
Jones' W^dgewood; Pasha Kennels' Regal At
tire- vs.- A. R. Curtis' Old Ironsides; A. R.
Curtis' Flying Fox vs. A. R. Curtis' Narcissus;
G. Shaman's Little Sister vs. J. Dempser'*
Jingle Bells; Pasha . Kennels' Real Aristocrat'
vs. C. (X Peterson's Silver Clfcud; C. O. Peter
eon's Haphazard vs. P. M. Clarkson's Golden
Garter; J. L. Ross' Loyal Lad vs. Chlarini
Bros.' Santonin; J. Carroll's Cascade vs. Pasha
Kennels' Rural Arti3t; E» Geary's Fair Oaks
vs. P. C. Blick's Yellowtail; T. J. Cronln'B
Vandal vs. J. L. Roas' Mayflower; T. J. Cro
iiln'3 Tralee Boy vs. G. Sharman's Sir Pasha;
E. Ready's Full Moon vs. E. Geary's Fannio
Hughie; Yosemite Kennels' Mose va. J. L.
Ross' Fontenoy.
Reserve stake, sixteen entries — "W. C. de B.
Lopez's Chester vs. P. Doyle's High Stepper;
M. Grady's Real Affected vs. J. L. Ross' Cres
wick; W. Cairn's Melrose vs. 1 J. C. Talbot's
Lady Glanmire; E. Geary's Una vs. Pasha
Kennels' Rustic Anna; J. F. Rogers' Arbaces
vs.. J. L. Ross' Gamebird; Pasha Kennels*
Real Lassie vs. P. C. Blick's Advance Guard;
J. McCormick'3 Freestone va. W. Cairn's East
lake; G. Coombs' Rustic Arbor vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Lawrence.
: Three stakes and a consolation event
will be decided this week at Union Cours
ing Park. The draw last night resulted
as follows:
Will Form an Attractive Card for
Saturday and Sunday. _
These, With a Consolation Event,
WILL BUN THREE STAKES
AT UNION COURSING PARS
Miss Josephine Tillman and her brother.
Dr. Tilton E. Tillman, are expected home
to-morrow from the Yosemite, where they
have been for two weeks.
* • ••
Miss Josephine Tillman and her brother,
Dr. Tilton Tillman, are expected home to
morrow from the Yosemite, where they
have been for two weeks.
Lieutenant Martin Crimmlns and his
beautiful wife, who was Miss Margaret
Cole, a belle of society in this city, re
turned from Manila on Sunday last on the
transport Sherman and friends are enter
taining the couple royally. Lieutenant
Crimmins is an officer in the Sixteenth In
fantry. He comes of a prominent New
York family. He is devotedly attached to
his charming wife, who manifests a deep
affection for her soldier husband. Rumor
has it that he will resign from the army
in order to take up residence with his
people in New York.
Society is manifesting deep Interest in
the coming nuptials of Miss Alma Beatty,
daughter of Chief Justice Beatty of the
Supreme Court, and Brooke Maynard
Wright, a well-known lawyer of this city,
which are to be celebrated this evening in
St. Stephen's Church. The interior of the
church will be profusely decorated in
green and white. When the ceremony is
over a reception will be held at, the resi
dence of the bride's parents at 2409 Oc
tavla street. Miss Alice Willis, a devoted
friend of Miss Beatty, will be maid of
honor. The bridesmaids will be Miss Ger
trude Buckley, Miss Jeannette' Hooper,
Miss Jeannette Wright and Miss Marian
Wright. Allen Wright . will be best man.
The ushers will be Thomas Van Ness, St.
John McCormick, George Hoper and Cary
Van Fleet.
A pretty home wedding will take place
this evening at Berkeley. John Suther
land, a popular young man in the general
passenger office of the Southern Pacific,
will marry Miss Mabel H. Whitney, a
young lady well known in Berkeley so
ciety circles. The ceremony will be per
formed at the residence of Henry L. -Whit
ney, the bride's father.
The young couple will spend their honey
moon In Southern California and on their
return will reside at Berkeley. They have
received many handsome wedding pres
ents, among them being a handsome solid
silver carving set from the employes of
the general passenger office of the South
ern Pacific.
The groom, -was attended by Arthur
Baker as best man, and Arthur Meuss
dorffer, Dr. Russ • Bullock, Dr. Arthur
Hackett and Fred Morcum were the
ushers.
At the conclusion of the ceremony the
immediate relatives of both families re
paired to the home of the bride's parents,
•where a reception was held. After a short
honeymoon the young couple will return
to this city and take up their residence at
1731 Sutter street.
MISS GRACE IVES DAVIS and
Charles Henry Northrop were
united in marriage in the First
Congregational Church last
evening by its pastor, Rev.
George C. Adams. The ceremony was per
formed in the presence of the relatives
'and friends of the young couple. The
sacred edifice was prettily decorated for
the occasion and presented a beautiful ap
pearance. Palms, ferns, greens and cut
flowers were profusely used on the altar.
A male quartet composed of Messrs. Asp
land, Henley, Parent and Veaco sang the
wedding march § from "Lohengrin" and
other appropriate selections.
. The bride looked very charming In a
gown of renaissance lace over chiffon and
taffeta. The veil was fastened with lilies
of the valley and the bridal bouquet was
made of the same flowers. Miss Lilliu
Northrop a sister of the groom, was maid
of honor.* Her gown was also very beau
tiful. It was of white over pink taffeta.
The bridesmaids were the Misses Kate
McCallum, Viola Van Orden, Charlotte
Morris and Belle McCallum. They were
prettily gowned and wore Alsatian bows
in their hair and carried shower bouquets
of Cecil Bruner roses.
SAN JOSE, June 25.— Eighty-three stu
dents received diplomas at the State Nor
mal School this morning. They were:
Mrs. Jessie Church Armstrong, Edith Char
lotte Bailey. Mary M. Baker, Leona Belle Bay
ley, OUve Ruth Becklngton, Lillian J. Biggs,
Eva Pearl Bohnett. Daisy V. E. Bowen, Mamie
J. Brown, Leila Mary Cameron, Gertrude A.
Chrlstman, Annie Evelyn Collins, Martha R.
Cooney, Alexander Macbeth Cuthbert'son, Julia
Ethel DaJton. Edith E. Daniels, Mabel Dassel,
Lizzie May Dllnst, Clara Elsie Donlon, Mary
Rosanna Driscoll, Elma R. Fisher, Nellie 1.
Flanders, Clara Frances Foy, Lovett Kenzie
Fraaer, Walter P. Frost, Clara C. Glashoff,
Vida E. Green, Carolyn Exaphlre Gregory, Cor
delia Ellen Hays. Adeline E. Hedley, Julia
Elizabeth Hlnkson, Nettle B. Hltchings, Lu
Amy Hodges, Agnes M. Hoey, Zlppa A. F.
Holland, Clarence D. Hough. Fannie A. Hum
aKton, Christine Jessen, Georgia E. Johnson,
Rose Gertrude Kelleher, Avis Albert King, Ed
na L. Klumpp. Winifred R. Lee, Emma Clara
Ixiofbourrow, Ethel Main, Elizabeth A. Marcus,
Elizabeth F. McKiernan, Bertha McWilllams,
Aimee Rhoda Meachen, Gertrude A. : Meads,
Mary Josephine Menihan, Lurena Merriman,
LUlle Susan Muscio, Hattibel Oggood. Delia F.
Pare, Emma M. Patchett, Caroline Pfau, Clara
Pierce. Florence Ethel Porter, Helen Protzman,
Hope Pyburn. Edna. Marquita Kaum, Bertha
Patterson Reid, Robert Morrison Reid, Linnle
M. Rhyne, Nellie A. Rheinhart, Ethel Frances
Scott. Mary F. Sullivan, Estella Maude Talbott,
Ora Phena Trott, Katherine Edna Welch,
Grace V. Widemann, Eva M. Wilber, Elsla
Viola Wiley, Adah Williams, Bessie G. Wil
liams, Clarence Walter Wilson, Mrs. Harriet
L. Wilson, Henrietta WoUord. Ethel Lucinda
Wood, Flora Olive Yariey.
Kindergarten department — Mrs. Laura Bacon
Bailer. Mr*. Myrtle Jones Hall.
The graduating class through its presi
dent. Miss Bessie Williams, presented the
school with two fine pieces of statuary,
"The Greek Slave" and "The -Winged Vic
tory." This evening a reception and
dance took place.
FLEES WITH "GAY
PAREE" DANSEUSE
Normal School in San
Jose.
Complete, Their Courses at the State
EIGHTY-TEREK STUDENTS
GIVEN" THEIR DIPLOMAS
Davis-Northrop Nuptials
Are Celebrated in
Church.'
BERKELEY SOCIETY GIRL
WHO WILL BE MARRIED TO
NIGHT.
GRAND JURY GETS
DOWN TO BOTTOM
Lucy Rushing is suing J. Rushing for
d'verce on the grounds of cruelty and
failure to provide. She alleges that ever
since their marriage at Navarro, Mendo
cino County, in May, 1899, he has cruelly
mistreated her, and refused to provide
her with the means of support. . ¦•¦
F. W. Johnson, a railway mail clerk,
has commenced an action for divorce
against Dora Johnson, alleging cruelty,
lhey were married in April, 1900.
Suit for divorce on the ground of deser
tion was commenced by Hope M. Thomas
against Samuel Francis Thomas yester
day. Mrs. /Thomas alleges that her hus
band abandoned her last January at
Stockton. They were married at Oak
dale, Stanislaus County, in June, 1S98
-Irene Percy Dillard .is suing Percy Ha
den Dillard, a brakeman employed by the
Southern Pacific, for divorce on the
grounds Of failure to provide, desertion
si« < !2S'jff irTOe married at Ren °
Josephine Voigt has brought suit for
divorce against William Votgt on the
Snv^ °>5 crue "y- alleging that he once
choked her unttt she was black in the
f£ n i^ thre ™ en^ >° break ever y »>on«
in her body. The Voigts were married at
chad ' vesftt and have on *
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Benjamin Shone from .Sarah Shone fo?
r PPt™ an £ A w Ie Peters °n from John
U Peterson for intemperance and cruelty.
The troubles in the Vannatta household
are due to Mi3s Edith Plerson, Mrs. Van
natta's sister, for whom Vannatta dis
played an affection hot in keeping with
his relation of brother-in-law. Mrs. Van
natta objected strenuously to the change
in affections, but to no avail. She even
begged Miss Pierson to go home to her
mother anoVleave her in the enjoyment of
\ annatta's "waning love and affection, but
received little satisfaction. Tbe crisis
was reached when Vannatta, under pre
text of making a business trip to Santa
Cruz, went away for a few days, taking
Miss Pierson with him. Prior to that trip
Mrs. Vannatta was convinced that her
husband thought more of his sister-in
law than he did- of his wife. She learned
of several very suspicious moves on the
part of her husband and her sister from
Mrs. Mary McDevitt and Mrs. E. H.
Laston, who conduct the house where
Vannatta lives. These ladies corroborat
ed Mrs. Vannatta's testimony yesterday.
Vannatta conducted a private detective
agency at 4024 Twenty-third street. He
was formerly superintendent of the San
i rancisco branch of the Pinkerton Detec
tive Agency and resigned his post "by
request." The amours of Vannatta will
cost him a pretty penny besides the los*
of his wife. He must pay her $130 during
the next two months, $50 a month ali
mony thereafter, and must also pay $100
counsel fees and $22 50 costs of suit. Mrs.
Vannatta also gets the household furni
ture. ¦
Blanche Vannatta, with the assistance
of two lady friends, convinced Judge Mu
rasky yesterday that Charles E. Vannat
ta, her husband, was not a model spouse,
and he accordingly granted her a divorce.
She brought suit on the grounds of cruel
ty and infidelity. Vannatta did not de
fend the^action.
Fire has been communicated to build
ings in the town of Breckinrldge, Summit
County, but has been extinguished with
out damage. The town is practically sur
rounded by blazing forests. A tract of
territory four miles square has been burn
ed over in Ouray County and the fire is
still raging. Nothing but heavy rains will
give relief.
It is claimed by the State officials who
have been Investigating the matter that
most of them are of Incendiary origin.
The mining camp of Garfield in Chaffee
County has been menaced for several
days* but the efforts of the citizens in
back-firing have so far saved it from de
struction. Timber to the value of $1,000,000
its said to have been burned in the moun
tains west of Durango. Many narrow es
capes are reported, but no loss of life by
the fires is known.
DENVER, Colo., June 25— Forest fires
are raging in various parts of Colorado
and have done vast damage and no relief
Is in sight. -
MURDER CLOSES
CHAMPOEG FEUD
Meager reports are coming Jn from the
country districts, where the tornado has
undoubtedly wrought great damage. No
details can be learned to-night.
MARIETTA, Ohio, June 25.— Marietta
was swept by a tornado about 8 o'clock
to-night. The loss is estimated at not less
than $200,000.
The fine plant of the Parkersburg and
Marietta Interurban Company is laid flat,
and no light assists the hundreds who are
anxiously searching for friends and rela
tives. Engineer Severance of the electric
light company was killed when the build
ing went down. Prpbably twenty persons
are seriously injured. At least fifteen sub
stantial houses were blown down. The
Ohio Valley Wagort Works plant, one of
the city's largest industries, is a mass of
ruins. The Acme brick plant was com
pletely demolished.
Charles Sheperd of Red Key, Ind., was
crushed at Wilkinson and Walter Moore,
a lineman, was blown from a pole at Mun
cle. Both are fatally injured.
-Hundreds of buildings were razed, thou
sands of trees were blown down and now
block railways, highways and "traction
lines and crops were ruined. The aggre
gate property loss is estimated at nearly
$2,000,000, and fifty persons were more or
less injured. Following is a list of the
dead obtainable at this hour:
JAMES VAN HOY, Fendleton.
JAMES BAILEY, Fortville, near Mc-
Cordsville.
l A farmer, living near McCordsville,
name not obtainable.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 25.— The en
tire north central portion of Indiana was
visited to-day by one of the most disas
trous storms that ever swept over the
State. The storm-swept section extends
from Hancock County northwest through
Marion, Hamilton and Boone counties and
into Tippecanoe and adjacent counties.
Madison County also felt its fury.
CONSULAR AGENT
MAY BE RECALLED
Sunday— Military mass In baseball grounds;
evening, sacred concert in camp by regimental
band. Monday evening — Reception by citizens
of Santa Cruz and address by Mayor Clark.
Tuesday evening: — Non-commlssloned officers'
dance. ."Wednesday evening — Promenade con
cert at Sea Beach Hotel. Thursday evening —
Commissioned officers' dance. Friday evening
— Young Men's Institute entertainment and re
ception in Armory Hall. Saturday evening —
Last night in camp.
0-I"H"I"l"l"I"I"I"l"I"I"I"I"l"I-I"I"!"I":"I"I-O
ed that 400 members will attend. So. far
372 have signified their intention of going.
The regiment will encamp on the same
grounds that were used four years ago.
Colonel Powers will be in command. Rev.
Father Philip O'Ryan, spiritual director
of the regiment, will remain in camp, as
will also Father Kennedy, who is musical
director of the organization. The pro
gramme for the week as planned assures
a good time " for. the cadets. There will
be baseball games arid pastimes every
day; swimming in the surf, under the
watchful eye of a special guard and phy
sician; handball games in the new court,'
and drilling in the baseball park adjoining
the camp. The regiment's official pro
gramme follows:
A meeting of the company officers of the
regiment was held at headquarters and
the details for the coming encampment
were announced by Colonel Powers. The
regiment will encamp at Santa Cruz from
July 5 to 13. The camp will be known as
"Camp Sullivan," out of respect to the
memory of the late Chief of Police, who
once commanded the cadets. It is expect-
Colonel James E. Powers, the new com
manding officer of the First Regiment,
League of the Cross Cadets, last night
made the following staff appointments:
lieutenant colonel, P. J. HaKgarty; major
and surgeon; Dr. -Joseph G. Morrisey; major.
Captain Joseph A. Kennedy; captain and ad
jutant, J. H. O'Brien; captain and inspectors,
Joseph A. Kendrlck and Benjamin XL.. McKln
lev; lieutenant and quartermaster, Thomas F.
Delory; lieutenant and • commissary, Lester
Coghlan; lieutenant and battalion adjutants,.
Paul Fratessa, Martin- Power and Jamea
Welch.
Samuel Whipps, a former first sergeant
in the Ninth Infantry, was in the railroad
office purchasing a ticket to Baltimore.
He had his money in a leather pocket
book, and after taking ?60 from it to pay
the fare he placed the book in his coat
pocket while he signed the ticket.
Lieutenant H. C. Evans of the Coast
Artillery happened to be in the office at
the time and saw the pickpocket tak»
Wbipps' pocketbook and run out of the
door. He notified Whippa, who started
after the thief and caught him In front
of the branch postoffice on New Mont
gomery street. Policeman Logan Joined in
the chase and Whipps turned the pick
pocket over to him. Whipps' pocketbook,
which contained $461, was found in ths
thief's pocket.
At the City Prison the pickpocket gava
his name as Manuel Maturana, a nativa
of Chile. He could not speak the English
language, but to an interpreter said ho
had arrived here from Mexico five j days
ago and was waiting for a steamer to
take him back to Chile, where his people
are engaged in the liquor business. H«
said he could not resist the temptation to
t£.ke Whipps' pocketbook. When searched
he had $49 95 and some Mexican coins in
two Durses.
One of the twenty-dollar gold pieces In
Whipps' pocketbook was bent. He said
It saved his life at the battle of Tientsin.
A bullet struck the coin, which was loose
ly hi? pocket and was deflected.
Detectives Crockett and Reynolds suc
ceeded late last night in locating Matur
ana's rooms. Among his possessions were
found a lot of pawn tickets from the city
of Chihuahua, representing an investment
of several thousand dollars' worth of jew
elry.
The police are holding their prisoner
jealously until they can ascertain how im
portant a man he Is in Mexico.
A pickpocket who was operating In th«
ticket office of the Southern Pacific Com
pany on Market street was chased and
captured by one of his victims yesterday
afternoon and turned over to Policeman
W. C. Logan, who booked him at tha
City Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
At 10 o'clock, preceded by the senior
class and the graduate marshal. Pres
ident Eliot led the procession of fellows,
overseers. State dignitaries, faculty, In
vited guests and alumni to Sanders Thea
ter, where the graduating exercises were
Leld. After the addresses by the com
mencement speakers the honorary de
grees were conferred by President Eliot
as follows: Doctor of Laws— Thomas
Jefferson Coolidge, lately Minister to the
French Republic; Addison Brown, United
States Judge, New York; John Hay, "By
force of Just and liberal thinking, the
most successful diplomatist now living";
Theodore Roosevelt, President of the
United States, "from his youth a member
of this society of scholars, now in bis
prime, a true type of the sturdy gentle
man and the high-minded public servant
in a Democracy."
Among those receiving a degree of mas
ter of art, were Francis W. Blake, in
ventor of the Blake Telephone trans
mitter, and Walter Reed, the army sur
geon who planned and directed in Cuba,
the experiments which have enabled man
to control yellow fever.
After the degree ceremonies President
Roosevelt and Governor Crane were driv
en to the home of President Eliot and after
a short rest the President visited two of
the spreads, that of the Porcelain Club
and that of the alumni. The alumni
t>anquet was held in Memorial Hall at Z
o clock. John D. Long, president of the
Alumni Association, presided and intro
duced the speakers. The lists of toasts
included responses by Governor Crane,
President Roosevelt, President Eliot, Sec
retary Hay and Alexander Gassisz.
The Presient and Governor Crane
reached Harvard just before 10 o'clock.
Their corning was signaled by sounding
of the bugle as the cavalry formed at
attention while the President alighted.
The visoitors were escorted to Massa
chusetts Hall where they were presented
to President Eliot.
As a precaution for the safety of Pres
ident Roosevelt, the college yard, usually
open to all, was inclosed by a fence and
only holders ot degrees, officers, stu
dents and guests were admitted, and
these by ticket only. No ladies were ad
mitted inside the yards and even students
residing in the yard needed tickets for
admission. The weather was delightful.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 25.—Com
mencement at Harvard University wa£
of unusual interest to-day because of
the presence of President Roosevelt, a
graduate of Harvard, class of 18S0, who
received the honorary degree of LD.D.
There were other notable guests who also
received the degree of LL.D., Including
the Rev. Dr. Edward Everett Hale of
Boston.
Heavy Rains Alone Will Pre
vent Further Spread
of Fire.
Residents Killed and Others
Are Injured. by the
Gale.
Distinguished Men Attend
the University Com
mencement
Victim Gives Chase and Cap
tures Thief After a
Short Run. \ /
Regiment Is to Leave Next
Week for Santa Cruz for
Annual Outing.
Private Detective's
Turns Sleuth to Find
Evidence.
Blanche Vannatta Gets
a Decree in Her Suit
Against Husband.
fierce Tornado Sweeps
Over Portion of
Indiana.
Steals Pocketbook From
Soldier in Railroad
Tremendous Damage Is
Done to Property
in Colorado.
League of Cross Cadets
Are Preparing to Go'
Into Camp.
President Roosevelt Re
ceives Degree in
Cambridge.
SISTER OF WIFE
CAUSE OF DIVORCE
COLONEL POWERS
APPOINTS STAFF
DEATH RIDES
WITH A STORM
FORESTS BLAZE
AROUND TOWNS
BOLD CRIMINAL
COMES TO GRIEF
HAND HONORS
A NATION'S CHIEF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1902.
WEDDING MARCH
IS RENDERED BY
A QUARTET
OAKLAND, June 25.— John j O. Cadman,
an insurance broker of San Francisco, re
siding at 1677 Valdez street, has been ap
pointed by Mayor Barstow as Councilman
at-large .to fill the vacancy in the City
Council caused by the death of Charles
A. Bon. The new appointee qualified and
filed his certificate of appointment as
soon as It was issued this morning:. '
Oakland's^ New Councilman. *
C
9
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort and
cleanliness.
Pears' soap cleanliness; — .
perfect cleanliness and
comfort: .
Sold all over the world.
"The study of law, which at first was
a great pleasure, became a burden, and a
first class physician told me that I never
would be able to serve a full term in fa
law office and advised me to give it up
If I wanted to enjoy life. When upon
the point of doing so I wm talking one
day with one of the firm, who advised
me to make a. change in food and recom-
mended very highly your Grape-Nuts,
saying I could get a package at any gro-
cery and make the test.
"The advice impressed me so strongly
that I at once purchased and £egan us-
ing Grape-Nuts. I found that after us-
ing this food I was not troubled with the
lingering pain In my stomach that had
been with me for some time; instead I
was perfectly comfortable, and I had not
eaten the food for more than four or five
days when I began to notice a change.
My head became clear again and I be-
gan to enjoy my studies as well as I did
on the start, and could accomplish more
in one week from that time, on than I
had in a whole month prior to that time.
"My blood, which had naturally become
bad, presently improved; my digestion
also was better. The blotches on my face
began to disappear and I felt better in
every way.
"I owe much to Grape-Nuts. I would
rather you did not use my name, but if
it will do you any good use it." Name
furnished by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich.
Look for. free recipe book in each pack-
age of Grape-Nuts.
"After reading a short time I would be-
come so nervous that I would be , com-
pelled to stop, nor could I remember, to
any extent, what I read.
A la-sryer from Seneca Falls, New York,
says: "When I went Into a law office I
was in fine health, having had much out-
door exercise; but. at the end of the sec-
ond month's study and work I was dis-
heartened to find myself in poor health
and falling every day.
You can dig up the lawyers and put
them on their feet if you feed them right,
but they are like other people; they don't
thrive on poorly selected food.
FEED THEM.
One Way to Make Lawyers.
GRAPE-UUTS.
This Bignatnro Is on every box of the genuine
¦ Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabieu
tfar* rene^jr that cores a coltl la one d»y.
& i %fc$rvtstA
I Reduction Until July 15th. |
p In order to further introduce B
B our painless methods we have l|
8 decided to reduce our prices un- ||
N til July 15th. By presenting this
H advertisement to the doctor you
13 can get
I Sets of Teeth for $2.50
I Gold Crowns for $2.50
I Bridge Work for $3.00
II No Charge' for examinations,
H advice. Teeth Extracted With-
H out Pain Free.
U Open every evening until 9. ||
U Sunday 10 to 4. Ij
H 20-year guarantee with all work. 1 ft
I STERLING PAINLESS I
I DENTAL PARLORS, 1
P , I. ¦¦¦¦¦¦?? y Jf!!? K " - T _ R . E 5Ti_: -8
A Miraculous
Feat.
"It seemed that nothing: short
of a miracle could save my little
daughter from an untimely
death," says City Marshall A.
H. Malcolm, of Cherokee.Kan.
" When two years old she was
taken with stomach and bowel
trouble and despite the efforts
of the best physicians we could
procure, she grew gradually
worse and was pronounced in »
curable. A friend advised
Mills' Nervine
and after giving it % few days
she began to improve and final-
ly fully recovered. She is now
past five years of age and the
very picture of health."
Sold by all Dnicjlsta.
Dr. Miles Medical Co.. Elkhart, Intf.
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1902.
10
FINANCIAL.
OO^JpANIES~incorporated and financed ; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send^lor
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
.MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. Post.
SOLID Investment; safe as biggest bank; pro-
fitable; sure; money back when needed like
bank; big local men in it; sums $10,000 down.
Inquire to-day, box 1206, Call office.
$2000 WANTED; -safe investment. For par-
ticulars address box 1211. Call.
FLATS TO LET. ' . . )
NEW, elegant corner flat of. 8 rooms and bath;
inlaid floors; electric lights free; rent reason-
able. ; NW: Page and Broderick. Apply G.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 MoncKoniery st.
AN elegant' upper' flat, 6 sunny rooms and
basement; just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sts.: half block, from Market
st.; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
1422 GREEN, 5 r... $2011355 Geary, 7 r...$37 50
1109 Page, 4 rms..$15J2957 Jackson, 8 r.. f .$35
SPECK &. CO., 667 Market st.
HOWARD, 1619, near Twelfth — Three large
. sunny upper rooms; bath; telephone; adults;
references exchanged; $16^ '
MASONIC ave., bet. Haight and Page — Sunny
flat, 7 rooms; up-to-date; just completed.
Key at premises. ¦
BAKER, 745. nr. Golden Gate ave.— Very sunny
6 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
BEAUTIFUL modern, sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath; rent $27 50. 834 Page st, near Spott.
A MODERN flat of '5 rooms and bath, Rincon
Hill. 161 Hawthorne St.. near Harrison.
CARL, 258 — Yard, basement, sunny, front;
v beautiful view of park; just completed.
TWO new sunny flats of 7 and 9 rooms; north
side. 1112-1116 Fell st.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
SMALL refined family can get an upper sunny
furnished fiat near the Park rent free for the
owner's board. Box 1207, Call office.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517—4 rms., bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE.
EDDY. 1940 — Elegantly furnished flat, 6 rooms
and, bath. AppSy on premises or G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. ¦
FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
OTTcTmax, 1420 California st. pays highest
price for houses, flats, stores, etc. ; auction
estimates made. Phone Larkin 956. >
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOOLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell st; tel. Bush 421.
GLOVES.
TRY Danicheff One ' Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others: warranted. 121 Grant av».
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
A CHA3JB^M5AlD~for~flrst-ciass hotei~in
Monterey, $20, fare paid both ways, no wait-
ing at table; a chambermaid for first-class
hotel at Lake Tahoc, $20, no waiting; a girl
to wash glass in hotel, $35; a pantry girl fcr
resort, ?25; 2 . waitresses for the springs,
$25, tare paid; 2 waitresses (no experience
¦ necessary), $25, fare paid; 2 waitresses for
Santa Cruz, $25 each; a waitress for
Napa Springs, $25, fare paid. - Call early on
.MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter, nr. Powell.
A WOMAN to wash dishes in first-class ho-
tel, Santa Cruz, $25; a young, strong girl to
wash glasses and silver, $25; a waitress for
Adams Springs, $25. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter st, near Powell.. >-
GIRL for cooking for small family in coun-
try. $30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell. ¦ ~^
WANTED— Pastry cook, , institution. $30;
kitchen helper, private family, $25; 3 cooks,
German style, $30 and $35; housework, 2 11:
family, city, $30; 3 nurses, $20, $25; 10 wait-
resses for springs, $25. fare here; cook, deli-
catessen. $40; man and wife, kitchen work,
small hotel, $45; cook, hotel. Los Gatos, $30;
50 girls for all kinds of housework, city and
country. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st.
25 WAITRESSES, springs and mountain re-
Eorts, $25; 12 waitresses, commercial hotels,
; fares paid, $25. *
MRS. M. E. DAY............ 335 Geary st.
PANTRY woman, resort, fare paid $25.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st.
FANCY lroner, springs, fare both ways, $30.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary at.
A WAITRESS and chambermaid, $20 each;
also woman to wash dishes, same hotel, $25;
3 girls for summer resorts, $25 and $20;
boarding-house cook, $30; 2d girl, $25; cook,
Napa, $30; cook, Stockton, $30; ranch cook,
$25. fare here. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS and a : number of bright girls
will be taken for instruction on overalls,"
with a stated amount guaranteed to begin-
ners. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor-
ner Gough : and Grove sts.
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
¦ assertion : good opportunity for right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED operators to take work home
on ladles' underwear. 656 Mission et, fourth
floor. . .
MIDDLE-AGED or elderly Protestant . woman
to assist light housework In small family;
excellent home; moderate wages. 616 Haight.
EXPERIENCED operators in factory on ladles'
waists. 656 MiEsfon st, fourth floor.
WANTED— Salesladies. Apply bet. 8 and 9
a. m.. Golden Gate Cloak House, 1230 Market.
LADY pianist requires engagements: pupils
wanted for mandolin and piano. 2755 Bush.
REFINED middle-aged woman for responsible
position. Box 1209. Call office.
YOUNG girl to assist general housework; $15
month. 1945 Eddy st. * ¦
SALESLADY for dry and fancy goods store.
Apply 1400 Stockton st, 10 a. m.
GIRL for general housework and cooking-
wages $20. Call at 411 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL — Housework; 2 adults; good home; must
cook; $10. Call afternoons, 2476 Post st ;
EXPERIENCED bedmaker, $9 per week Ad-
dress box 1304, Call office. -.
WANTED— Two good lady barbers; 70c on $1;
at Lady Barbers. 428 Sixth st. . •
HAIRDRESSING. manicuring, massage, hair
work taught in 2 weeks. $4 50; positions guar-
anteed in stores and with private customers,
$50 and $75 per m6nth; class day and even-
Ing. College 233 Geary st, rooms 13-15.. %
WANTED— Bright, active woman who can de-
vote afternoons to profitable employment
. with well established house; I no canvassing.
Address Box 1194, Call. ' ¦ .
LADIES to learn barber trade; only two
months required; special offer this month;
hairdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
. > free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
PACIFIC College,; 1236 Market, cor. Jones and
McAllister;, learn for $5; hajrdressing, mas-
sage, dyeing, manicuring, switches,- etc.; po-
sitions guar. In stores and private; day, eve.
WANTED-r-Young lady to do lacquering on
brass work. Apply Pacific Metal Bedstead
Company. Bay- and Stockton sts.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON -& CO.. 535 Market Bt
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LED-
¦ ERER' S, 123 . Stockton st , '. . - .'
FIRST-CLASS sewers Jadies' wrappers, tennis
; gowns, etc. H. FRIEDLANDER, - 338 : Fell.
TAILORESS, finishers, apprentices on custom
coats.. 021 : Howard st. ;
GOOD girl to wait table or to learn; wages
paid. Restaurant. 52 Eighth st.
GIRL •¦ for housework • and ¦ plain cooking in
. small German family. 1444 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A •: girl for general housework ;
> wages $20. Apply 514 Devlsadero st 5 r\ . *
WANTED— A German girl - for light house-
work. 2314 California st. •
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO..> 541 Market st.
FIR ST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
. ' . & ' HARRIS CO., ; 541 Market st
SH IRTM AKERS and . finishers. FRED '- J.
BAUMEL. 1608 Market st. near Ninth. '
.WANTED— Fancy ironer. Oakland Laundry
Co.; 690 Twenty-ninth st. . Oakland.
GIRL' for housework and plain cooking; small
flat; references; $15. 1025 Laguna, nr. Turk.
MILLINERY, thorough = course, $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
CARPET^BEATING AXD'
WHEN you become, disgusted with poor work
a Bend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- beat-
¦¦ ipg Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
r pie. A. G.KIeinert, 1512 Polk; tel. East. 725.,
Karlson Karpet Co — eieaning2%cyd;upholster-
1 ing. 1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard2912.
i ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO... Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
1 . reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263. '
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Ea'st 126. ,
r J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
• vatlng Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74.
. COLLECTION OFFICES."
ADVICE free — Columbian Law and . Collection .
Agcy., r. 85, 916 Market st. ; phone Bush 194.
f> GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
5 unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
\ $15— TO-DAY, to let, 4 rooms and bath. 2134
j Union st: no children: reference.
DENTISTS^ _______
A GRADUATE specialist in each department;
our new pteTfi amber sets of teeth cannot be
) detected from the natural gums and will not
) fall down when eating; lowest prices in S. F.;
painless extraction, SOc; open Sundays and
> evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
j W. PERKINS. Pres.. 969 Mission St.. SE.
) cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651. . ¦ '
\ ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7 Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
' crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
; up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
: EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st. cor. Mason —
t Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
¦ gas given ; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
• A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
I plates. $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
) PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
> Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fllllng3,25c.
! SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
corset-making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
1 » »^^ —
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD^FicHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
; tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night 24 Post St.. S. F.;
catalogue free. -^ .
> A-=IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
• how do they all get positions and hold them?
90 positions since April 1; Ellis bookkeeping
makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Business Col-
lege, 1236 Market St. '
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
'. GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had ; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc.. with Golden
Gate Commercial College. 530 Golden Gate.
I Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Markot
, st for their new catalogue; it le free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey,, assay, cyanide; day, «ve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr.lOth:
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $0 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West.desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Actlng,120 O'Farrell st/
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,'
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Vrof. .MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; .instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.,
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
• ton; tel Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng, co»ks, waiters *on
short notice. 1293 Page St.; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYaiENT WANTED-— FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German lady
wishes a position as housekeeper In widow-
er's family or small family. Address L. "H.,
or call at 246 Third st.,- in the forenoon.
QUIET, middle-aged, refined woman, first-class
German cook, would like -a place as house-
keeper In small family; dity or country.
,Box 1210, Call office.
COMPETENT young woman, speaking French
and English, hospital nurse and assistant
bookkeeper, desires position. MISS H. G.,
1259 O'Farrell st.
COLORED woman wishes general work by the
dry; willing. 1317 Green st, bet. Larkin anj
Polk. /
WOMAN wants work by the day washing, Iron-
ing or housecleaning. MRS. B., 49 Clemen-
tina. st .
GERMAN girl, first-class cook, would like po-
sition in small family, housework or cook-
ing. 407 Tehama St., near Sixth. ¦
GIRL wishes situation as waitress or take care
of children; can give good references; wages
$25. 211 Minna st.
LADY for cooking and some housework in
small family; $20. Address W. M., box 1188
Call office. ..
MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like to.
have a position as housekeeper for widower
with 1 or 2 children. Please call from 2 to
6 p. m., 937 Mission st: \ ¦
WANTED — Situation as first-class cook; city
or country; good references.' ; Please call at
1923 Fillmore St., near Pine; no mall an-
swered.
DRESSMAKER from, City of Paris will go out
by the day; $2; city or country; take work at
home. 1812 O'Farrell st., near Stelner.
A MIDDLE-AGED American woman desires
housework for 2 or 3 adults, or chamberwork.
, Address Madam, box 1197, Call.
AN experienced nurse wishes position in insti-
tution or private family; best of city refer-
¦ ences. Box 1 162. Call office. .
EXPERIENCED girl wants situation for up-
stairs work; be3t of references. Address L
A., 46 Colllngwood st. .
WINCHESTER Hbuse. 44 Third et., near Mar-
- ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
¦to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
EMPLOYaiENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED — Situation as cook for small. board^
Ing-house; good on pastry; German: In coun-
try.' HEINRICH, 58 Third st, Winchester
¦ House. ¦ ,
BUTTER maker wants position in creamery or
as foreman of large dairy; understands separ-
ator and all modern machinery. ¦ Box 1202
Cail office. "\ -,y !
3OBER young man wishes work as choreman
about private family; can milk, care for
• horses and do inside work; have references
Box 1074, Call office. , . ;
POSITION as cook wanted; a steady, indus-
' trious man wishes, to cook for students or
.. camping party or on a ranch. Box 1189, Call.
SALESMAN wants first-class line of goods to
handle on saL or com. Box. 1208, Call."
GARDENER wishes a situation ; good ref er-
ences. Address box 1213, Call office."
BOOKKEEPER or assistant bookkeeper de-
sires position with some good firm;, best of
. references. Box 1161. Call.
STEADY, - sober young man wishes to drive
teem or do porter work. Box 1198, '• Cal.
A YOUNG Irishman, 22, would like to learn
bartending trade; some experience. Box 1157
Call.
WANTED — Position as bartender, by a compe-
tent man; country preferred. Address box
4888. Call office.' Oakland. J :
WANTED— Painting and paper hanging:: city
or country; at low figure. Box 1163, Call.
A YOUNG man, 22, ceslres a position. as night.
'¦ clerk in hotel; city or country. Box 1158, Call.
COMPETENT Chinese cook wants ; situation
' city or country. Address JOE TEEP, ¦ 753
• "Clay st. ,'-.¦¦¦ . .. .-.. ., ;„..¦;.¦ :;..¦-.¦¦-¦. ¦¦¦ ¦
CLASSIFIED advertieements and subscriptions
1 received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Contimied.__
JOSEPH STRAUB.
A dressmaking parlor In g-ood ¦ residence and
business section; well established; Investigate.
A branch bakery, candy and ice cream and
notion store; good trade; rooms; -rent $18. .
A cigar stand In wholesale district; owner
has other business to look after.
A country dry goods and aotions store; kept
by present owner for years.
A saloon near Market and Third sts.'; good
business; lease; only $1800.
A partner in good old established bakery;
this is a very good chance; only $1000.
A saloon; good stand and paying; n-jar Hall
of Justice; owner has other business. /'."..• : V V
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st
OLD-ESTABLISHED, well equipped barber
shop for sale on account of sickness of owner.
Address immediately The W. A. Mackinder
Co., Agents. St Helena.
LODGiyG-HOPSES FOR SALK.
12 ROOMS; elegant; first-class ;clears $7O.$12O<)
20 rooms; clears $95; only.' 800
12 rooms; corner; clears $50 325
45 rooms; clears $200 2200
20 rooms; clears $60 200
18 rooms; just listed 650
30 rooms: clears $250; Investigate .3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100 1300
100 rooms: clears $600 9500
RETSLOFF-McMILLEN; phone John 531.
906 Market cor. Ellis (upstairs, rms. 7-8).
WINSTON & WOLF,
Phone Jessie 2211. 1026 Market st.
21 rooms; rent $50; part cash $1250
45 rooms; rent $100; new furniture 2500
28 rooms; must sell; make offer; cheap rent.
39 rooms; rent $82; a money-maker.... 1850
08 rooms; modern; elev.; cor.; reduced.. 6500
2S rooms: rent $40; part cash 650
9 rooms; cheap rent; G. G. ave 450
23 rooms; central; modern; part cash... 1850
31 ROOMS; rent $115; clears $120 month; cor-
ner; rrice $2550; 2 floors; apartment house;
roomers care for their rooms; oak and cherry
furniture; moquet carets.
15 rooms; central; respectable; corner;
clears $80 month; owner will swear to it
before notary public; will sell for $750 spot
cash.
MAKION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call Bid.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1200 Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. ..$850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
S rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
j A. CAMERON & CO.,
; 850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
i Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
It you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to
show houses. Carriage at door.
Money loaned, 1% per cent.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms;, man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms,
j EITEL & CARROLL. 1032. Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st. — (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
TO buy a ledging-house. boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st, bet. 5th and 6th.
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
HYAN & O'ROURKE moved to 765 Market st.
16 rooms; forced sale; all light $550
14 rooms; clears $48: sickness 450
16 rooms; fine location; other business.. 650
500 houses for sale.
$150 CASH, balance in mortgage, will buy a
good located 12-room lodging-house. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 765 Market 6t. '
$100 CASH, balance mortgage, for 7-room lodg-
ing-house. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.
CORNER house: 11 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251% Mis-
sion st, cor. Ninth.
i $75 WILL put you in a house newly furnished
clearing $25 per month. Inquire 842 Howard.
SPIRITUALISM.
DR. A. FOSTER, famous spiritualist, trance
and materializing medium; free test meeting
every night; spirit messages; sittings daily.
123 Turk st
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
at 8, 50c; to-morrow, 12 o'clock. Mother Sa-
. die seance. 10S4 Bush st.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis st, near Franklin;
materializing seance; Sun. Tues. and Friday
nights. 80c; readings daily; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium. life reader; sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell st.. nr. Gough: Ellis car. ¦
MME. YOUNG'S convincing Epirlt messages to-
night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HAUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; 50c. 28 Sixth st, room 1.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance, test medium -.readings
50c. $1. 516 Third St.; clr. Tues.. Fri.. 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis: readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.-
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE^
The First Registered,' as Well as the First
Graduate Palmist and Clairvoyant
Ever in San Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affairs of life; his information and advice
on marriage, divorce, separation, love and
family affairs, business transactions, .law-
suits, mining, etc., are accurate and truth-
ful; he reunites the separated, settles lovers'
quarrels, causes speedy marriages, makes
you successful and prosperous; locates hid-
den treasures and mines; settles old estates
and accounts that time and circumstances
have placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness;
long-standing and chronic diseases that have
baffled the physicians' skill cured without
the r.se of medicine; there is.no home so
sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
lonely, no life so hard and blighted that can-
not be set right and kept right after a visit
to this inspired man of modern times; no
matter what trouble you may have, call and
he wIH help you or charge nothing for his
services; "palmistry taught, mediumistic
persons developed"; learn a profession that
will bring you from $10 to $25 per day; 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.; fee reasonable.
320 O'Farrell Street 326
MME. M. BERNARD, ~~~ ~
THE FAMOUS ;.>;/-
Claln-oyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner .bldg.
She reads your life correctly, given an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great mel
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?"
PROFESSOR MARCO.
Reunites the separated.
Causes speedy marriages;
Advice given on any subject;
Mediums developed (guaranteed);
Palmistry taught;
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Office, 412 Post st. — 412.
Dally, 10 to 12, 2 to 5, 7 to 9. ;
Sundays, 2 to 5 p. m.
Readings by mall. 3 questions $1 00.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A— 25c; SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all. affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages In 9 days. 10 to
8 dally. 1010 Mission et, near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
DON'T be deceived by large, advertisements;
call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palm-
lst; readings by mail. 1016 Market st. ..
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
. I tell comes true; send dime & birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st. clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m.to 8 p.m.
MME. JACQUES, 1035 Market st. Tel. Folsom
34 — Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant; read-
lngs daily this week, 25c and up; hours 10 to 9.
WYLLIE. photo medium; skeptics, bring cam-
era and plates; do your own developing. 309
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant and palmist; truth
or no pay; 25c up. 1149 Mission, over store.
MM1 ?' H * NSEN - clairvoyant reads card and s
p.alm; 2ac; satisfaction guar.. 148 6th. r. 14.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. SOc. 521% Eddy.
OLDEST palmist and card reader in city; la-
dles 2oc; gentlemen, > 50c. 1032 Market st.
M 5ne<f?^iv FE _«_ a }™. yant <*rd~r^der7slT- '
tings dally. 448% Jessie st. bet 5th & 6th.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant and high psychlsf
hours II to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
; 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st. I
MISCELLAXE OUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclSfT
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 1U5-137 Fremcnt st.
TENTS — TENTS— TENTS.
750 to 10CC new <%nd second-hand tents to re>n
and for sale. Apply BOSS McJUHON'S
i Awning, Tent & Hfcmmock Co., 208 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, »n-
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleyt,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy term* or rented. Th»
Brunswick-Balk^-Collender Co.. 65:1 Mission.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motois, pumps, wood and Iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE, 130 Beale st
A BARGAIN — A 35 H. P. distillate engine,
. never used. Address box 1187, Call office.
NEW motor, 3 H. P., 220 volt, complete; cheap.
409 Battery st.
PIPE — % to 6 in.; screw, flange or lead joints,
brass and iron fittings. Thompson, 40 Main.
~~ HAMMOCKS
At half price. 1C2 Clay st.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale at
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and brirks for sale. Valencia st.. cor. 13th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonosrraphs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, fllma. Badgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-han.l
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 4tt Framont st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMasters, SE. cor. 2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krosth Mfg. Co.. 819 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In ths
United States or Canada one year for H.
~ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — Second-hand wood-turning ' laths,
about 10-lnch swing. Address box 4887, Call
office, Oakland.
¦WANTED — To buy\ refuse from table for hoc
ranch. SHWARTZ. 1581 Valencia st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 15^ 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
OLD "gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bldg.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates _
LOANS MADS ,
On first and second mortgages m
Life interests In estates. ........ H
Property being held In trust *
Undivided Interests in real estate «
Estates in probate — Legacies „
Assignment of rents „
Life Insurance policies .....4
..Financial problems of all sorts and size*..
If ycu need money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY *
...601-602 Examiner building ,
A— R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st. room X
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estatat "_LJ_lS
On estates in probate.
On legacies. J)I _ AT
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st, room 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivldsd
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room IS,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY^
Safe Deposit bldg.. 32S Montgomery st.
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest*
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
3 liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 841
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant av*.. neaj
Geary. st; phone Red 1603:
ON real estate.' 1st or 2nd mortgage* and o»
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 38.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their not».
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg. .
ON furniture, pianos; no removal;money quick:
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos.
.. furniture., etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
' no com. ;strictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott blj.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse:
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prtvata
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$500,000 ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st op
2d mtg».,und'vd. Interests, estates in probate.
life Ins. policies, etc. Harper. 480 Parrott bd.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.118 McAllister at
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people withput security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on eacft
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bide.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bid?.
~~ SIUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
ALu makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Stelnway $95 to $2Sd
2 Knabe $85 to $11*
2 Fischer ..$75 to $155
1 Bourne $49
Over 500O Heine pianos In S. P. Agent* Tot
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents ant
Installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Hein« Hall, 233-231
Geary st.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS ALL UPRIGHTS.
A Fischer; 3 pedals; mahogany case $1SJ
AVose; 3 Dedals; mahogany case.. 293
A Schwechten; walnut case; like new... 23-1
A Stelnway; mahogany case; less than... 3oa
A Pease; fancy oak case 28»
A Chester; good as new; mahogany 193
Easy payments; fully warranted five years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-13-20 CFarrfll.
ALTHOUGH many* seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but cart
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. P.. Broad*
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ANY piano sold by Us taken back any time
within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER Ss CHA33. 30
¦ O' Fan-ell st; established 1850.
WE are cleaning house and .will sell several
odd styles at great reductions. Pianos as \ovr
as $30, and In good condition. Call and see
our unsurpassed line of new goods as well.
THE. ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76»
Market at ¦ ;
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $109
upward; values best In city. PIERCE' 4
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A LOT of high-grade pianos for almost a sons
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st
PARTY need of cash must sacrifice handsome
upright piano account death. 436 Eddy st
ON cale-^V large Steinway upright; good as
new; mBst sell. 237 Geary st
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos in city.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
$160— ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st—
¦Steck. Everett. Ludwig and other good pianos. >
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights.
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn.203Po9t
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st; Sohmer
. and other pianos and pipe organs.
ST i? T W t T I 25 vlcvllns . zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO L_ tT
LIGHT loft. 48x100. "$50~wTth~elevator:~Ilso
1^ 24x90, $35. 3177 17th St.; inquins of
OSTEYEE & CO.. 821 Montgomery st -
LARGE store with high basement fronting on
Z sts.' below Kearny st. 636 Clay st. room 1. •
Vj .'. r^. r .';. ._
McKENZIE & CARLSEN. memberiTSwiuceni'
Oil Exchange, buy & sell oil stocks, lands *
Investment securities. 137 Montgomery at.
WKLP WAR TED—FEMALE— -Cow.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Killmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ; has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ - v
HELi;^ JtVAA^EI^MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY ...... 634-636 Clay st.
......."..... .Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Open 7 a.:~m.
Utah .State ....Utah
Free Free if'ree
WE SHIP TO UTAH TO-DAY
Also to
Nevada, Reno, Wadaworth, Salt Lake Divis-
. sion, Wells, Palisade, Rokeby, Carlin, Lucin,
Fenelon ."....
For It. K. work
1000 teamsters 75 car dumpers
500 laborers .00 drillers
750 concrete mixers 50 rockmen
..: WE SHIP FREE
Utah Call early Utah
MISCELLANEOUS .'
Coachman, good place, $35 and f d. ; farmer
and wife, small ranch, $45 and fd. ; married
teamster, country, $45 and house; boy to
drive small milk wagon, city; choreman,
make butter, private place, $30 and found;
6 hostlers, $35, $40 and found ; 4 stablemen,
country; farmer and wife, small vineyard,
easy job, $35 and. found; 4 men and wives,
other places; 27 boys to learn trades and
woik in factories; 3 handy men on ranches,
$30 and found.......
MECHANICAL . .*.
Millwrights Blacksmiths
Carpenter* — Carpenters
' 10 carpenters, comoany, work, country, fare
$2, $3 50 day; 5 "carpenters, country, $S0~and
Id.; 3 carpenters, ranch, $3 and fd. day;
blacksmith, sawmill, $60 and f d. ; sticker
hand, city, $3 day; planerman, sawmill, $50
and fd.; millwright, see boss here, country,
$4 day; millwright, married, see boss here;
2 camenters, rougrh work, Nevada, fare re-
turned, $90; - cooper, oil company; cooper,
pickle factory, $40 and found; planerman,
sawmill, see boss here, $50 and found; mold-
er foreman on sash weights; sheetiron work-
er; carriage painter, $40 and found, city; 6
blacksmiths, wagon shop, $3; 12 blacksmiths,
shops and camps; ranch blacksmiths, steady
job, $50 and found; 7 blacksmith helpers;
woodworkers, city job.
•LABORERS Big Wages
25 laborers, city work, board home, $1 75,
day; 14 laborers, near city, $60; 12 laborers,'
city factory, $175 to $2 day; 25_ laborers for
.big iron. works, steady job, $1 75 day up; 6
laborers, ranch, $30 and found; 4 laborers for
mine, south, $42 and found; 26 laborers,
mine, no experience needed, $40 to $50 and
found; 275 laborers, other jobs, free fare....
.... AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
341 men to work in hay and harvest fields,
farms, orchards and vineyards, steady jobs,
$1 25, $1 50, $2, $2 25 day and found, $30,
$35, $40 and found ; 5 laborers for ranch, fare
50c, $30 and found: 76 milkers and dairymen,
some fare paid, $30 to $40 and found; cheese-
maker for factory; 6 teamsters, big farm, $40
and found; cheesemaker, see boss here, $40
and found
FARE PAID
SAWMILLS
950 willing men to work in 67 different saw-
mills, woods and yards, no experience re-
quired, wages $30 to $60 and found, we pay
your fare; 30 swampers, large lumber com-
pany, fare paid; 20 lumber pliers, Santa^Cruz
County, $40 and found; planer man, see boss'
here, $50 ana found; 5 swampers, San Mateo
: County, $40 and found. '.
SPECIALS \ ....
Bookkeeper and stenographer, ranch, $50 and
found....."
List of Jobs Ready at 7 a. m
HOTELS — BUTCHERS
6 cooks, country hotels, $50 and found;. cook,
; fare paid, country hotel, $50 and found; 26
cooks, other jobs, camps, ranches, etc., $25
to $60 and found ; butcher shop, no slaughter,
$30 and found, see boss here; butcher, coun-
try shop. $30 and found; butcher shop and
v/agon, citv: cook, Arizona, fare paid. $50;
third baker, bread, country, $35 and found;
2 camp -\yaiters, mine, $30 and found; vege-
tableman, mine, $30 and found
FARE PAXD
Second cook, mine boarding-house, $40 and
found: third cook, $30; waiter,. $30; dish-
washer, $25, all same hotel! Humboldt
' County, fare paid; baker, country shop, 550
and found; second baker, $35 and found;
pastry baker, country hotel, fare $2, $50 and
found ; pastry cook, springs, fare $1 50, $45
and found; waiter, officers', mess. $30 and
increase: 10 waiters, other jobs, $40, $35 and
$30 and found; 20 kitchen hands', dish.washers
and porters ....'......
MURRAY & READY ...634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St., nr. Call Bldg.; Phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE ... .UTAH AND NEVADA
500 teamsters and rockmen$2 25 to $2 50 a day
FREE FARE .. .. .1 TO MENDOCINO CO
100 men for sawmills and lumber woods. $20
to $65 per month and board; 50 railroad 'la-
borers, ¦ big sawmill co. ; free fare.
5 carpenters' helpers, country.^$2 25 per day
.10 lumber pliers $40 per month & board
20 woodsmen... $40 to $60 per month & board
20 concrete men, near city.... $2 25 per day
8 men to pitch hay... $150 per day & board
_4 men to run mowing machine. $1 50 day & bd
5 general ranch hands. .. .$32 50 per month
2 v harvest hands ...$2 per day & board
Millwright.....* $50 per month & found
Hundreds of other good positions; come, read
our bulletin boards. 59 Third st •
CHEESE maker. $35 and found; stableman and
can washer, $35 " and found : butter maker,
$4Q and found; milkers, $30, $35 and $40 and
found; man and wife, private family, $50 and
found; man about place, $30 and found;
. milk wagon drivers, $35 and $40 and found;
' choreman for , stock ranch, $30 and ¦ found ;
- '200 laborers for mill yards, brick yards, quar-
ries, - railroads and other work, $2 to $2 25
day, and many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
. 028 Sacramento st. *
RESTAURANT cooks, $14 week and $45 month:
nurse, $25 and found: cook and wife; hotel
and restaurant waiters, dishwashers, porters,
vegetable men and others. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.," 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office,"" 316 Stockton st. — Second
¦ cook, short orders, $45; cook, small country
place, $40; kitchen hand, young man,- hotel.
$25; pastry cook, $35 to $40; waiter, first-
class restaurant. $40; waiter for Eureka, $35;
dishwasher. Santa Cruz, $25; dishwasher for
resort, $25; dishwasher, springs. $25; washer,
steam laundry, country hotel, $30; vegetable
- man, country, $25; 2 stablemen, country, $30'
and $25; coachman, $40; groom, same place,
- $20, etc.
A MAN i dishwasher for flrst-clasa hotel at
' Lake Tahoe; a man for cleaning and scrub-
bing in same place, $25; 2 good pantry men,
same place, ?25 each. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Pantryman, $35; third cook, $30; bell boy,
' $12 50; waiter, $30; bar porter, $25; store-
. keeper. $40. .¦.,.,,/
A — COOK for summer resort: no .flour work;
$75 month; 3 months' work at least. MRS.
M. E. DAY .335 Geary st
WANTED— Reliable and energetic man, age
' . about 25 or 30, with experience in office work,
*to act as orde,r and billing clerk for wholesale
•house. Box 1203, Call office.
WANTED — A reliable -. youns_ man with $125
• cash for plain office work; will pa^r $65 per
month to a good man: short hours; permanent
' place. s /Apply 1016 Market st, room 10.
WANTED— Pressman and feeder for Gordon
_ presses. -Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741
Market St..
A ' GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity for right man. , • F.
' PERSON, room 412. Parrott buildin?.
FOR eale—^Barber shop, country town, near
k city: fine' climate; 3 chairs and baths; at a
' ,bargain. Call at WILL & FINCK'a •
$750— WANTED; steady young man as partner
In' well-established wholesale and retail busl-
j ness: clearing $100 month. 257 Fourth st.
WANTED— -Young man for liquor store, with
>, references. BROWNSTONE, 331 Ellis st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st. . . . - - '
WANTED — Honest man with $75; take cash,
restaurant. $40 month. BROWN, 1221 Market.
AN elderly man for light work. Apply 1421
¦ Point Lobos ave. ; ; . .".
BOY ' 18 to : work in factory. Apply at once,
AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st. '
WANTED — All-around ' 'printer at moderate
wages. ¦" 201 Hyde st
PHYSICIAN — Young graduate to assist in a
physician's office. Address box 1205, Call. I
BOY for collections: references required. Ap-
- Pjy Wasp office, 506 Mission st.
WANTED— Porter for barber shop at 7A Eddy
street. • . . ;' ' ' .
DISHWASHER wanted for restaurant; no Sun-
day .'.work. 6C6 Fourth st.
COOK wanted for restaurant; no Sunday work.
666 Fourth st. ¦
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st. 3
GOOD lunch waiter at 434 Fifth st ,• ~; ; '
AN experienced dishwasher wanted. 1507 Mar-
-.. ket St.; near. Eleventh. * ;
FIRST-CLASS barber. 1 6 Stockton st-
PORTER wanted at 628 Post st.
OLD man ..wanted- for chicken ranch. C
. SCHWARTZ, 1581 Valencia st.
PLUMBER'S helper wanted. 29S7 Sixteenth st
WANTED— First-class bootblack. 324 Mont-
. gomery : "* TtftmHiUMBBMBBtSEBn
.WANTED-i-Molders. - machinists and draughts-
i man. .Address or apply Benlcla Agricultural
Works,' Benlcla, Cal. ;
HELP WANTED— jMALE— Cow.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush St
Between Kearny and Grant Ave
...Opposite California Hotel
We ship free
TO NEVADA AND UTAH
Free office fee. Free far
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen, tunnelmei
and concrete men :
Wages. $2. $2 25, $2 50 and $3 a da;
Come one.. Come al
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen, drillers, headers, muckers an<
laborers $2 to S3 a da;
Free fare Ship daily ..Free fan
C. R. HANSEN & CO 420 Bush St
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can* speak, read and writ;
English. For Information apply to Recruit-
Ing Officer, 121 New Montgomery St.. Sar
Francisco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.
YOUNG man wanted for the butcher business
to solicit and deliver orders and take care 01
horses. Inquire of C. F. TIETJEN, 3035 Sac-
¦ ramento st.
2-CHAm/ barber shop for sale. 1119 Folsom,
bet. 7th and 8th; rent $8; price $85. -.;--^>;
$75— BARBER- shop for sale; 3 living-rooms
rent $15. 1872 Union st
LACE and embroidery salesman of experience;
good position to right party:") Apply KOHL-
, BERG. STRAUSS & FROHMAN, 107 Post.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches .-and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED — Male stenographer and typewriter;
must hava had experience in railway office
work. Address, stating experience, salary
expected, age, etc., box 7139. Call. V'.-.'.;.
SOLDERERS, boys and girls. Apply Amer-
ican Can Co.. factory Seventh and Townsend
sta., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 15O large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— A young man,, single,, to flIV the
position of bookkeeper and stenographer;
must have experience. Address Box 1182,
Call office.
WANTED — Experienced male and female cut-
ters for factory, on women's wrappers and
overskirts. Apply box 1116. Call.
JEWELRY salesman — State experience and
salary expected. Box 1191, Call.
WANTED — A pressman on coats; come ready
to work. 3 Brook St.. room 5.
MAN with $100 cash for cigar stand; $2 50 day
guaranteed. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
WAGON smith wanted at 316 Railroad ave.
South. .
WANTED— Porter In a barber shop; light
work. 902 Larkin st.
ERRAND boy. 628 Montgomery st, room 7,
4th floor; apply to-day; steady Job.
BARBER shop for sale at 215 Sixth st. ; ac-
count of sickness; good furniture; cheap rent.
FOUR laborers. Fifth ave. and M st South.
SWELL dressers, examine our $35 to $75 misfit
suits for sale at $16 to $25. 104 Second st
60 QUARRYMEN and rock drillers, $2 and
$2 25 per day. Apply 212 Ninth st.
600 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size B to 12. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College, 741A. Howard st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, Q.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up-; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet, 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading- rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
'
50 HEAD at auction— One • carload Modoc
horses, consigned by James McCabe; also
one carload thoroughly broken high-class
driving horses, at Stewart's Horse Market.
721 Howard St., near Third; phone Main 1150.
Monday, June 30, 11 a. m.
FOR Sale — A number of fine driving horses in
use in this city every day; broke single and
double; guaranteed perfect in every way;
prices low. Occidental Horse Exchange, 246
Third st.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horsa Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons, har-
1 - ness. etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN'J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FINE sorrel saddle horse, 17 hands; weighs
1050; horse's name. Gilt Edge, sire Patriot,
dam Isabella. PETERS' stables. 1314 Grove.
FOR sale — Sorrel horse of about 1650 pounds,
work single or double; price $60. Maud S
Stables. Pierce and Eddy stsl
FOR SALE — New and 2d-hand surreys, bug-
; gies, etc. 100 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE — Fine canopy-top, surrey; also, fine
open surrey, at Nucleus Stable, 187 Stevenson.
¦ FOR sale — Spiral spring top road buggy cheap.
Inquire of JOHN WIREN. 113 William st
A GOOD mare, harness and wagon; cheap. 133
Turk st
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET. 721 Howard.
3 CARRIAGE teams, five good saddle horses.
DALZIEL, 605 Golden GatTave. .
Largest stock 2d^hand wagona. buckboard. sur-
rey.harness. work,drtvlng horses. 15th&Va!encia.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
— - ____________
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUND.
IF party losing two return tickets from Rush-
vllle, Ind., will call at ferry office of Mor-
ton Special Delivery they can get same.
LOST-^Wednesday afternoon, gold bar breast-
pin, emerald setting; keepsake from dead.
Return to 318 Jones st. ; reward. .
LOST — Ross Valley, a black and white span-
iel. Return to MISS HART; reward.
LOST — White setter doe:, black ears. Return
to NW. cor. Ninth and Howard sts.; reward.
FOUND — Purse, Western, Addition; owner can
have, same by describing property. Box 1201.
Call office.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watcn Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
METAL beds, bedding, camp goods.~~wlndow
shades HOTTER. 712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints-
. menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate-helped: relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement. 1008'^ Market st, opp. Fifth.
MRS. X DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 728 Post st. nr. Jones.
A— DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most Important of modern principles In treat-
ing and curftig female complaints; ladles all
who are sick or !n trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007%-iMarket st
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero— Graduate Royal
University; 25 years' midwifery - experience;
takes ladies before & during conflnemt; terms
reasonable;- Infants adopted. , Tel." Blue 41L
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy st.nr. Mkt
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
.specialist; a private home before and durinr
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Mrs. Dr. Wegener, formerly G. G. ave., now 210
Eddy St.— Home for patients; babies adopted.
DR.' AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 ¦• Market
LADIES— Kumrond Is safe & sure; never falls •
price $2. Gleason's drug store.CIay& Kearny.'
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square: p" «t«— »— "n—d by herbs.
" — — — — TE^^J— »_ — — — , — ,
FOR sale — Some mining and oil stocks- will
stand closest investigation ; cheap if sold
quick. W. E. WESTLAKE. Palace Hotel.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL. ¦
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
sntil 12 o'clock every night iij the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery etreet
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3!) McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
r.t-M Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2'iCl Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 is. m.
3C« Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street;" open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p."m. :;;." .'
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
A STATED meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. W
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be «
held in Ccmmandery Hall. Mason* 0 JgV
Temple, on THURSDAY EVEMNU. _£*
June 26. at j^jgg^-j--, Secre _-.
''VZMNG at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- y^^\
gr ee. By^rder^of^Mgste.
DAY) J:\'EN1NG. st 7::;0 o'clock. Sec- JLX
ond degree. Fellowcraft Masons cor- / »
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. B
T and A M.. meets THIS (THURS- _#V«
DAY EVENING at 7:.'iO o'clock f or t£1\
third degree. Master Masons cordially / ~ r '
invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
BoniC Lodse No. 21G.. F. and A. M. — ¦
.Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
i;"b;.\"IN"ij at 7:",o o'clock. First de- 7S3T
greo. Bv order of the S. W. * » '
- .T. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, I. <y^S_a.
o O. P.— Ado''tio!i of by-laws ; 2&_56S£
ThCRSDAY EVENING. June "=^~^r
2ti. Full attendance necessary. //»¦*%¦
WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS, N. G.
W. W. CROSS, Rec. Sec.
MKMBERS of the Fan . Francisco v *2f >^
Scottish Thistle Club are request- CfVV
«d to attend the funeral of our late T_.vWfc*
life member. ALEXANDER
SHARP, from his late residence. 511 San I
Bruno avenue, bet. Mariposa and Eighteenth I
6«.. at 1:30 p. in., June 26. Electric cars at '
Eighteenth and Guerrero sts. at 2:30 p. m.
Interment Cypress Lawn.
JOHN H. McINNES. Royal Chief.
GEORGE FULLERTON. Recorder.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle - «y >.
¦ lui> metts THIS (THURSDAY) 3S Uu3
•SV'ENING at Fraternity Hall. 31 "^CKjK*
O'Farrell st., at 7:30 o'clock. Tick- **aKH»
ets distributed for the tent.
JOHN H. McINNES. Royal Chief.
GEORGE FULLERTON. Recorder.
If. O. L. L. U. S. — In consideration "of the
serious condition of KING EDWARD of
England, it is deemed appropriate and ad- I
visible that the" social gathering of the
California Corsmandery of the Loyal Legion,
tendered as a reception to the Companions
of the Order and Officers of the Army andV
Navy returned from the Philippines, an-
nounced to be held at the Occidental Hotel
on THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, should
not occur, and the meeting is therefore in-
definitely postponed.
W. Tt. SMEDBERG, Recorder.
IN place cf the peace concert arranged to be
given bv the British residents at Metropoli-
tan Hall on THURSDAY EVENING, the
:35th inst. a concert of a sacred character
will be held at the same place and hour with
th^; special object of interceding; for the
restoration to health of King Edward.
The tickets issued for the postponed peace
concert will be available for the intercession
meeting. _ie proceeds of the concert Trill be
dealt with as previously arranged, i. e., sent
bo Lord Milner for the homes reconstruction
fund.
~~~~~~ AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit- '
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream:
easily digested; a dinner however plain Is
made more enjoyable by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets. or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1206 Sutter st
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established ltJ yr».
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; phone Mint 8C5. 819 Market st
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
ing; private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE tree; no charge unless successful; all
cases; cpen evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market.
JOHN R. AITKEN, attorney at law. Rooms
SOtt-lO-11. Clunle bldg.. 503 California st
L. S. CLARK, Emma Epreckels bldg.,- 927 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no fees in advance.
lUt.'YCLISS — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has beet bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market. 19CS to 1974 Page.
BOOKS—- XEW^AXp OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; teL Howard 1946.
IJVSIN—SS CHANCES.
A — £250; RESTAURANT and chophouse on
O'Farreli st; g-ood business; rent $75. Par-
tlculars R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
$550 — COAL and wood yard on Howard st; es-
tablished 25 years; two wagons, horse, etc.;
a good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
20 Vi Kearny st. |0i*JK
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
St.: 4 living rooms; rent $45; place estab-
lished years; in short, a sood business. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1400; SALOON on Geary st.; choice cor-
ner; card and club rooms; nice fixtures; a
well-patronized and good-paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 20'^ Kearny st
A — CORNER grocery and bar in best part of
the city; owner will sell at Invoice price as
he must leave for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant; rent $25: with 5 rooms $o5-
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $U5O; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; cood paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— 41300; SALOON established many years,
doing a good business; clearing at least $150
per month; a good inv-estment. Call E. G
WILKE. 26% Kearny
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny st; rent $75; a place established for
10 years and clearing at least $250 per month
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st "
SOME GENUINE BARGAINS BY BROWN
& CO.
Grocery. Market St., at Invoice price... $375
Partner. Market-st. saloon; $100 month. »00
Partner in restaurant, take cash 75
House and lot; sunny side; $100 down".! 1000
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market St.; est. 1886/^
HOME Realty. 873 Market; phone Folsom 1207.
Ji^!~ Restaurant to exch - for lodging-house.
S200 — Cigar stand; central; bargain.
$4OO— »-room lodging-house; near Third et.
$1 i>O0 — 3S-room housekeeping; Enap; low rent
fiOO— BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery; new
oven; good business; large cellar suitable for
any bakery; 3 living rooms. BASILE.3 Eddy.
$325 — FRUIT store; good location; fine busi-
pe&s; 3 liv. rms; sickness. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
A— $450; EST. tailoring bus.: choice location-
rent $12; at Invoice. Kredo & Co.. 14 Flood bg.
$1100— GROCERY, Oakland; $40 day stock
worth the price. KREDO & CO.. 14 Flood bg.
GOOD located livery stable. $1500. Call on
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
$2700 CASH buys leading delicatessen and res-
taursnt in Sacramento; location center of re-
ts II district; trade steady and select- refer-
ences exchanged; income and reasons for sell
ing on application; a splendid opportunity for
man and wife; correspondence solicited be-
tween now and 1st of August. Address "A "
P. O. box 520. Sacramento.
FOR EALE— Small rrocery: Haywards- good
stand; clean stock; established trade of $1001
per month } invoiced stock with fixtures
valued about $1200. For particulars apply
to S. D. WARREN _ SON. VPr
RESTAURANT for ?%le; doing first-class busi-
ness; clearing over $300 a month: must sell-
owner going to Europe: price $3500. For
particulars address box 1195. Call; only thos*
that mean business reply. .. ' ...
$:00— HELP start legitimate big paying busi-
ness by young college man; will see you in
person. Box 1190, Call office.
A^& 6O 2i- C £ N * DY and lce cream Parlor. Room
309. 927 Market st., bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
11200— A BUSINESS clearing $I. r .O per week at
a sacrifice; Investigate. 842 Howard st
FOR SALE— Aft old established liquor busi-
ness; good location; large stock; owner re-
tirlng; easy termp. P. O. box 5, Frultvale.
LAUNDRY route Tor eale: 100 customers; new
wagon and harness; ?275. Box 1200, Call.
FOR SALE— Agency of Call at Santa Cruz. In-
quire A. BODEMAN. 25 Otis st. Santo Cruz.
$650— Restaurant with 17 well-furnished rooms;
large business. Call at once 604 Third st.
BOUTE in.Westera Addition: building up dit-
vrict ; reasonable Box 1732.' Call. :-,••.CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. June 25 — 1 p. ra.
' Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 07 OS
Alta 05 Ott Kentuck 01 02
Andes ....... 0G 07 Lady Wash »". — 04
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 54 56
Best & Belch. 13 14 Occidental ... 13 , 11
Bullion ...... 02 O:tj Ophir .......140 145
Caledonia ..'.. 87 88; Overman .... al 32
Challenge . .'. 13 15 Potoal 19 20
Chollar iid 30 Savage 08 «l)
Confidence ". ;; 55 60 Scorpion . — 04
Con Cal & V.I 40 1 45 Beg Belcher.. 05 «(5
Con Imp .... — 01 Sierra Nev... is 19
Oon NY.... — 02 Silver Hill . . 48 50
Crown Point. 04 05 ¦ St L/>uls -...., — . 0<J
Kureka Oon/. 18 1 Syndicate — '07
Exchequer .. — .01, Union Con... 23 ¦ 23
Gould & Cur. 0<5 07 Utah 07 OS
HMe & Norc. 41 43 Yd Jacket 13 15
Julia — 04
200 Caledonia 87 200 Ophir 145
300 Con C & V.I 42M: 200 Opnir ... 1 4O
800 Con Cal & V.I 45 300 Overman 32
200 Hale & Norc. 42 1100 Overman . . . 3S
300 Mexican .;... W>. 250 Sierra Nev... 17
200 Occidental ... 141 .000 Union Con.. . "i
100 Ophir 1 32% .
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
500 Best & Belch. 13 J 200 Potosl JO
500 Caledonia ¦ SO 1000 Seg Belcher.. 05
200 Con Cal & V. 1% 300 Sierra Nev. . . ltt
350 Hale & Norc 43 200 Silver 'Hill. .. 4S
£00 Mexican . 40 -300 Union Con... 21
700 Mexican C2 000 Union Con... 22
300 Mexican 53 40O Union Con... 2:;
300 Ojiblr 1 17% 300 Utah 07
300 Ophlr ....... 1 Stfp 7
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange Board yesterday: 1
WASHINGTON. 1 June 25.— The Senate ias
confirmed . the nomination of Colonel .W. H.
Carter, assistant adjutant general, and Major
Lasker H. Bliss, commissary, to ba. brigadier
generals. • .^
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carry Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the- traveling public JAY W. ADAAIS,
P. C. P. A.. S7 Crocker huildmg, San Fran
cisco, Cal.
Philadelphia Outbats and Outfields
the Baltimore Team on the
Latter's Grounds.
. AMERICAN LEAGUE. -
BALTIMORE. Jane 25.— Hustings ¦ and Mc-
Ginnity were both batted out of the box in to
day's Baltimore-Philadelphia game. The vis-
Jtors outbatted a-nd otttfielded the locals. At
tendance, 2473. Score:
R. H. E.
!Baltimori~^-r, '. 6 8 5
Philadelphia. .*. . . 8 14 ¦ 3
Battertes— McGmnirV, Cronin and Bresnahan;
Hustings, Mitchell and Schreck-
DETROIT, Mlch^ June 25.—Detrolt-Chica
co same postponed; rain.
CLEVELAND, June 25.— Cleveland-St. Louis
game postponed; rain.
WASHINGTON, June 25. — Washington play
ed a good up-hill game, to-day and after tying
the score in the eighth, scored the winning run
in their final turn at the bat. Attendance,'
3100. Score: . . .
• • K. H. E.'
Washington '. '..... 4 8 2
Boston 3.5 ,,1
Batteries— Patten ana Clarke; Dillon anil
WaTner.
V NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
_ ST. LOUIS, June 25.— Hahn was invincible.
In to-day'« same between St. Louis and Cm
clnnnatl and let the home team down without
a run. Murphy was hit hard. Attendance,
1100. Score: :
. . -. R. H. E.
St. Louis ' 0 51
Cincinnati 10 16 1
Batteries — Murphy and Ryan; Hahn and Ber-.
gen. Umpires. .Power and Brown.
PHILADELPHIA, June 25.— The Phillies
took to-day's game from New York through
superior fielding. Attendance, 1722. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 3 6 0
New York 1 7 i
Batteries — Duggleby and Doom; Matthewson
ana Bowerman. Umpire. Emslie.
BOSTON, June 25. — Donovan was erratic to
day, a. -wild pitch and a. pass aeeountlnsr ¦ for
three of Boston's runs, while Long's throw
into the bleachers was responsible for the two
Brooklyn tallies. Irwin'g home run was a fea
ture. Attendance, 2000. ¦ Score:
R. H.. E.
Boston 4 C 3
Brooklyn '. S 8 1
Batteries — Willis • and Kittredge; Donovan
and Ahern. TJmnire, Cantillon.
CHICAGO, June 23.— Chicago-Pittsburg game
postponed: rain.
BEGEROW JURY LOCKED
TJP FOR THE NIGHT
Result of the Fifth Trial of the For-
mer Alviso Constable Will Soon"
Be Known. '.
SAN JOSE, June 25.— The case . of ex-
Constable Frederick Begerow, who shot
and killed Joseph Cech and August Ber-
Uer at the- brewers' picnic in July, 1900,
was given to the 3ury this afternoon at 4
o'clock- This is the fifth trial of Begerow,
three of the others resulting in disagree
ments and one ending by Juror Benjamin
suddenly -leaving for Australia. Twice the
case has been before the Supreme Court.
Begerow was tried this time for the mur
der of Berger. At 9:30 o'clock to-night the
jury had not agreed and was locked up
for the night.
HOTEL' ARRIVALS.'
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A U EngeJ, Ind . G Miller &. w. Cal
W E James, Ind F Lunc. Los Angeles
E P Pennlnrton, Ind C H Zickler & party,
T WiJson. St Louis Chicago .-...,•
C G SDear. Mott C Empby, Dallas
J T Vallen, Manila P Jensen, Kans
H Goeffert. Modesto H'Whlttlow,' Fortuna
E A Jack & w. Ill C A Shinn, -Niles
W J FroBt. Ill : J Sammon, Chicago
J Winterhalder, S;.Mat G,E Marshall, Colo
J Gay. San Mateo- D'lWatfi & party, Colo
J Schuetzen, Iowa-. ¦ ¦ .-'•¦-.•- .
Late Shipping Intelligence.*
ARRIVED.
- • ¦ ¦ Wednesday* June 25.
5 Etmr Santa Cruz, Nicolsun, 55 Jiours from
Santa Crut Island and way. ports. ¦
Wednesday, June 25.
RETURNED.
Schr Corinthian, Tvence June -25 for Coquille
River, returned on account of strong !NW,
winds. • ¦ •
l DOMESTIC PORTS. •- .
POST TOWNSEND— Arrived June 25— Schr
Salvator, from San • Pedro.
PORT L.OS ANGELES— Arrived June 25—
Stmr Noyo, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 25— Stmr Nome
City, for Nome. . . ' • ;
ASTORIA — ATrtved June 25 — Stmr Prenttss,
from San -Pedro. ! - ¦'•. - .',. "i 1
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Sailed June 25 — Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Homer, for Alaska; stmr Elmore,
for Tillamook; stmr Vosburg. for Tlllamook.
NEW YORK — Arrived Juus 25 — Stmr Majes
tic, from Liverpool and Queenstown. -""
ST MICHAEL— Passed June 25 — Stmr Ho
hensollern. for Genoa, .Naples and Gibraltar,
for New York.'
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived June 25— Stan-
Philadelphia, from .New Yerk.
LIVERPOOL,— Sailed June 25— Stmr Georg
ian, :f or New York; stmr Haverford, for Phil
adelphia, via Queenstown.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
Denver Ed Martin defeated Sandy Fer
guson of Boston in five rounds to-night
at the National Sporting Club. The bout
was hot, exciting and clever. When hard
pressed Ferguson became reckless, ' and
early in the fifth round he was brought
down with a right hook- on the point of
the jaw. . He was floored three times
more and was then so weak as to justify
the referee in stopping the bout and de
ciding in Martin's favor.
At me opening of rotund 11 both were
full of tight and the exchanges were rapid
and vicious, SharKey trying to get "in a
knockout. He was sent down repeatedly,
but he wanted a lot of punching to tinish
.liim. Ruhlin was too tired to do it. Time
aftejr time the latter got in his right on
Sharkey's body and his left on his jaw,
but without attaining the desired end.
Sharkey rolled all over the ring and was
down when the bell sounded and Ruhlin's
seconds claimed the fight. The referee
declined to allow their claim, explaining
that Sharkey 'was only knocked down
eight seconds before the end of the round.
'Sharkey's second, however, threw up the
sponge, and ' Ruhlin was declared the
winner. • '•
In the sixtn round Sharkey looked re
freshed. Kunlin's strengtn maae.it diffi
cult lor SharKey to get ciose to his oppo
nent. He relied upon swinging his iefti
which he got home, shaking rtuhlln up.
The tentn round started last and furi
ous, Sharkey putting a splendid right on
the mark, jtiuhlin made the most of the
round, but- Bharliey was not to be denied
and iought on gamely, while Kuhiin wise
ly kept out of danger.
Adopting forcing tactics, tinarkey held
his own in the nrst tnree -rounds, al
tuougn ftunlih always managed 10 escape
Janariiey's " ligntninjj lert wncnever tnere
was any force in iu in the iourtn' round
bnaritey was cautioned a. second time lor
holuinsj. At the opening or tne nf tn round
riuttlin sent nis rignt and left to Simr
key's jaw ana nee^ ana the latter was
cautionea lor hitting low. Kunlin was
goou on his feet anu maintained a splen
uid deiense, wnile SharKey was the re
ceiver general. . . - .
' LONDON, June 25.-Gus Ruhlin defeat
ed Tom Sharkey in the eleventh round
before the National Sporting Club to
night. The fight was held in connection
with the coronation sporting week events.
Sharkey started a slight favorite at 22
to 20. Both fighters were in the acme of
condition. Sharkey' s seconds were Tommy
Ryan, Bob Shancey and Spike Sullivan,
while Ruhlin was seconded by bis broth
er, Billy Madden and Jem Mace. . ;
"Denver Ed." Martin Proves
Too Much for "Sandy,"
Ferguson.
Knocks Him Out in the
Eleventh Round in
England.
TWO PITCHERS RETIRE
UNDER HEAVY ONSLAUGHT
RUHLIN DEFEATS
SAILOR SHARKEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1902.
11
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALB.
FOR SALE BY THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
KEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY STREET,
A CHOICE INVESTMENT.
$o5.000— Eight flats on Fell st. and 3 flats on
street in rear; total rents over $220
a month;- lot has over 75 feet frontage
and runs back to rear street; all street
work done;, pays nearly S per cent; a
fine investment as this property al-
ways keeps rented, being close to town. ¦
A FINE HOME.
$13.500 — Near Pacific Heights; fine two-story,
attic and basement house, EnglUh
architecture; splendid marine view;
lower floor has reception hall -and din-
ing-room, /both finished in oak, and
solid oak sideboard in dining-room;
living room and billiard-room finished
in curly redwood, beamed ceilings and
hardwood Jloors; kitchen and butler' t.
pantry; second floor has three large
-bedrooms and -finely tiled bathroom; !
two rooms In attic; basement has'
storeroom (fitted with bottle racks),
laundry and furnace; heater through-
out house and gas grates; gas and
electric fixtures; .good neighborhood;
all street work done.
A CHEAP LOT IN MISSION.
$2,000^ — On Mission St.. 25xS3; -street bttumin-
ized; granite curbing; electric cars
pass going to ferry and San Mateo
County.
COLLEGE HOMESTEAD LOTa
$1,700 — Four lots, two facing on Silver ave.
and two on Marshall st., each 30 feet
front; price just reduced.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO BUT.
$1,300 — Seventeenth ave., between H and I
Ets.; six lots, level and ready to build
on; these lots are offered at a sacri-
fice as the owner wants to sell; Just
reduced from $1800.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. ¦
No one can beat our offerings.
4500 to $1000 — Graced-. Sunset lots; $1«
monthly. I '
$100 to $450— Ocean Boulevard lots; 43
monthly.
$-100 to $ SCO— Richmond lots; all bargains.
Eunset Branch Office — Ninth ave.. near H st.
$1550 AND $250 EACH.
Don't misii seeing our Excelsior Homestead
lots; near Mission-st. electric cars.
f Level; no grading; Spring Valley water.
Ride to corner Mission st. and China or
Brazil eves.
$1000. $1500 to $3000 — Modern cottages; best
locations; all bargains: easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle building.
LOTS wanted to purchase north of Vallejo to
Lrtrmbard and from Hyde to Lyon sts. W. J.
GUNN, 030 California st. (Savings Union
bldg:.). between Montgomery and Kearny.
A CORNER wanted to purchase, on Vallejo,
Green. Union or Filbert, between Van Nesi
ave. and Lyon st. ; improved or vacant. "W. J.
GUNN', 5-'W California st. (Savings Union
bldg.). between Montgomery and Kearny.
A* RESIDENCE wanted to purchase, north of
Broadway, of moderate price, between Van
Ness ave. and Lyon *=t. W. J. OUNN, 5G0
California st. <Savine«- Union bldg.).
CORNER Pacific and Mason; floor at 1 rooms
and bath; all front rooms; two toilets; mod-
ern plumbing: rent ?35. BUBNHAM &
MARSH CO., HO Montsomery st.
YOU will never secure a suburban home In
eight of 'Old Ocean" as cheap as now: cot-
tages and bulldinc- lots at a baixain. THIS-
TLETOX. 272 Sadowa -6t.. Ocean View.
'iLAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPAXT.
The Leading Real Estate Firm.
Sensational offer in Real Estate for one week.
Astonishing values offered. Be sure
and Purchase.
200x150, on best street in Alameda: sur-
rounded by choice homes; only $12 per front
foot. This is & genuine offer; cost $50 per
foot; compelled to sell and will be sacrificed;
¦will sell any number of feet.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
Take advantage of the price and purchase a
lot. . . . . .
O^fS of th« finest homes in Alameda. at a
bargain; exceedingly easy terms. The In-
vestors* Agency. 137 Montgomery st.. S. F. :
BEBKELfir - ADYERT1SEMENTS
BEUKELET REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE for sale a splendidly built nousa of 12
rooms; fine cemented basement and largo at-
tic; completed one year ago; lot 70x160; fine
x-iew; street work all done, and connected with
bath, gas and electric lights; any one want-
Ing a thoroughly good house -can get a bar-
gain In this. JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Berkeley Station.
$3750 — A WELL-BUILT houpe of 7 rooms <4
bedrooms), gas and electric lights; lot COx
167; very convenient to electric cars and
ctation. JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
LOT. cor. King and Prince sts., 80x120; cheap
Call at 606 Castro St., S. F.
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE FUR2VISHED COTTAGES.
FURNISHED cottage, 5 rooms and fcath, in
FrolU'Rie. Inquire at ticket office, Fruit-
vale station. . " •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, IH8 BROADWAY.
OAKLASD REAL ESTATE.
$350 CASH, balance easy installments; mod-
ern cottage of 4 large roams, two bay-win-
dows. 6-foot basement; could be made Into
4 good roams; a fine home as it is; fruit and
¦flowers; close to fine school, churches, elee-
trie cars and S. F. steam local train, in East
Oakland; price, all told, $157?; an ideal site
and lovely home; fine bargain: lot 37:6x110:
call or send for circular. 453 . Seventh el..
opposite Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, tand owner.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
6CHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
cuna EtS.
CLAY. 144C — 3 connecting rooms, completely
furn: hkpg.; gas range; bath; select locality. '
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping 3 $14- :
2 bed?. 3. $20; 2 Iseds/ bath, 2. $15; single, $i.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 800 block— Sunny comer,
over basement, -5 rooms, conservatory, etc..
only $35; same next door, suite 2 rooms a/id
kitchen, second floor. $20; came, very large-
room. 4 windows, large closet, $15. A. VV".
BELL, 417 Parrott bldg., near west elevator.
GOLDEN GATE ave., H2 — A few nice rooms
for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., «22 — Sunny bay window
suite of 2 front rooms; gas range, bath, etc.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847, opposite Jefferson
square — Furnished rooms; housekeeping; refs.
MINNA. 2S1, corner 4th— Furnished housekeep-
ing, \-ery cheap and convenient. ••
MISSION. 915 — Large front room, bedroom and
kitchen complete for housekeeping.
NINTH. 113 — 2 eunny housekeeping rooms;
tise of Tjarh; reasonable.
OAK. 117 — Newly furnished suites. $14 and $12;
sink, gas range.' bath, laundry; phone; adults.
POWELL. 415%— 2 unfurnished rooms suitable
for houj-ckeeplng, in rear.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fiubscrlptlon» has been established at 1096
Valencia «t. .
fi?5^^ J JT£^Jl!R T^T^ F ° I !P: _*P d Unfvrn. '.
BUSH. 012 fHAS CHANGED HANDS)
A private residence; large sunny furnished
home-like rooms; hot and cold water and
baths attached; for gentlemen or man and
/wlfeirent reasonable to right parties; de-'
¦lrable location; near Jones ot.; references
required; free telephone service.
ABGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunny; 75o day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In California.
ANGELrUS — New brick building; 00 elegantly
furnished gunny room* and suites; marine
view. 630 Stockton eu, bet. Bush and Pine.:
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Room* :
SSc to $1 P'.r night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. ¦
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
' : '' r '"" -'DIED^
1 • Banks, Charles E. McKee, -Oliver A.
Beesle, Ann E. : Nickel, Louise A.
.'• Buelna, ' Wenselo- Norton; Suaan
Casey, Catherine Ogilvie, Caroline L
Cone. Henry, . -O'Keefe, Abigail
Corr. Ann Quinn, George A.
Ferrier. Isabell M. - » Riegelhuth. Freder'k
' FitzslmmonB, Rlch'd Rodgers. Arthnr
Green. Lizzie A. Ratto, Maria
Holland, Harry G._ Rubs, Adolphus G.
Kennedy. JaVnes S. " Touret, Alasrdalena.
McConnell, Abigail Turner, Mary J- G.
fANKS— In La Honda. San Mateo County,
June 24, 19C2. Charles Ellis, dearly beloved
and only son of George and Emma Banks,
and srandson of Mr. and Mrs. C. J3. Olsen
and Mrs. S. Banks, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 1 month and 22 days.
BEEGLE— In Alameda, June 24, 1902, Ann
Eliza, widow of the late Samuel AV. Beegle.
and mother of Charles W. Ueegle, Mrs. Cora
Young, Emery J. Burns and Mrs'.' Clara A.
Pine, a native of Canada, aged <i2 years £
months and 24 days.-,
BUELNA— In this city. June 25, 1902, Wen-
selo, -beloved husband of the late Gertrude
Buelna, father of • Mrs. Juana Martinez,
grandfather of Mrs. Madeline Santa Cruz.
•Mrs. Rosa Crow and Mrs. Clara Rivera, and
great-grandfather of Carlos and Gertrude
Santa Cruz, a native of Mexico, ased tits
years 8 months and 28 days.
CASEY— In this city, June 25, 1902, Catherine,
. relict ot the late James Casey, a native ol
Ireland, aged 73 years. . <
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1432 Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
win be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
.commencing et « o'clock. Interment Holy;
Cross Cemetery.
CONE— In this city, June 24, 1902, Henry
Cone, cousin of William H. Cone, a native
Of New York, aged 5U years. -
, E^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, June 27. 1902, at 11:30 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-.
4ertaking Company, 2475 Ml6glon street, n«ar
Tweniy-nrst. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek route
boat. . -, .
CORR— In this city, June 25, 1902, Ann Corr,
beloved sister of Margaret Morkle and the
late Catherine Johnson, a. native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 52 years.
GTRemalnB at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
FERRIER— In Santa Cruz, June 25, 1902, Isa-
bell M., beloved aau&hter of John and May
Fearier. a native -of San Francisco. HKed 2
months and 25 days. - . • ¦ ¦
FITZSIMMONS— In this city, June 24, 1902,
¦ Richard Fitzslmmons. a native of New York,
aged 36 years 4 months and 10 days. •¦
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
• mortuary ' chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2i75 Mission street, near
* Twemy-fir»t. Interment National Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city, June 24, 1902. Lizzie
A., beloved wife of George, B. Green, and .
lo vlnt sister of ¦ James, Patrick, Bee and
tc^tip Esran, a native of County Sligo, Ire-
land, aged ;>0 years.
CyFrlenSs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9":15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her^hrother, 225 Dorland street, off
Church, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth,
thence to St. Joseph'a Church, where a re-
quiem high maes will be celebrated for the
repose of her. soul at 10 o'clock. -Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .
HOLLAND— In El Paso. Texas. June 21, 1902,
Harry G., beloved husband of Meta' Hol-
land, father of Ruth and stepfather
of Milton Schroeder, a native of Kansas,
aged 25 yearB 9 months and 15 flays. :
KENNEDY— In this city, June 24, 1002, James
S. Kennedy, a native of Boston, "Mass., aged
72 years.
tC3 r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 10 o'c'ock. from his late residence, 2922
California street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, bv electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
McCONNELL— In this city. June 25. 1902.
Abigail McConnell, beloved wile of John A.
McConnell, a. native of Ohio, aged 57 years
2 months and 30 days.
Mc'KEE — In this city, June 24, 1902, Oliver
A. MclCeei a native ol New York, aged 60
years.- •' '
JETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
ot McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, be-
,tween Eighth and J^inth. ¦ Interment Na-
" tlonal Cemetery. Presidio.
NICKEL— In this city, June 25. 1902, Xrfmtee
A>, baloved daughter of Frank J. and Mary
Nickel, a native of San Francisco, aged U
months and- 3 days. ,
NORTON— In this city, June 24. 1902, Susan
' Norton, beloved sister at Miss Sarah M.
Norton and Mrs. Martha Perciver of Canada,
a native of Ontario, Canada, aged 58 years.
E7 Friends and acqualntancfes are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral - to-day
, . (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen. 223 McAllister street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. •
OGILVIE— In this city, June 24. 1902. Caro-
line I., beloved daughter of James and Caro-
- line Ogilvie. and Bister of Sam Ogilvie, a na-
tive of California, aged 6 years 4 months
and 24 days. ¦ ;
G7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend ' the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
¦ residence, 1916 Sutter street. Interment pri-
vate. • ....
O'KEEFE— In this city, June 25, 1902, Abi-
gail, beloved wife of Daniel O'Keefe, and
"' mother ot the late' Patrick, Michael . and
Daniel O'Keefe, a native of Glanmire,
County. Cork. Ireland, aged 52 years. '
QUINN — In this city, June 24/ 1902, George
• A., beloved son of Michael and the late Mar-
fraret Quinn, and brother of Charles J. and
May Quinn and Mrs.- W. P. RUey, a native
¦ of San Francisco, ased 25 years 7 months
and_2 days. ¦
C^FrieBds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
" slon street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
. brated for the • repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RODGERS — In Auburn,- June 24. 1902, Arthur,
beloved husband of Elizabeth A. Rodgers,
and father of Millie Rodgers, a- native of
Tennessee, aged C3 years 10 months and IS
days.. ... . .. .......
E7" Funeral and interment private.
RATTO — In this city, June 25, 1902, Maria
Ratto. beloved daughter of Maria and An-
tonio . Ratto. and loving sister of Giovon
Batista, Antonio, Carlo, Steve, Joseph, Rosie
and Charlotte Ratto, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 months and 22 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
. June US, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 2010 Mason street, be-
tween Greenwich and Lonfljard. Interment
-Italian Cemetery, San Mateo County.
RIEGELHUTH— In this city. June 23. 1902
Frederick.- dearly beloved and only son of
Conrad and the late Anna M. RieEelhuth,
ana deaTly beloved brother of Christina Rle-
Kelhnth, Mrs. Henry Albers. Mrs. Joseph
Suchcr, Mrs. Joseph Seaborg and Mrs. A. F
Arneke, a native of Kan Francisco, aged 42
years 1 month and 5 days. A member of
. Mission Parlor No. 38, N. S. G. W.
CyFriendp and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to :atten<i the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, rrom the parlors of
the Garrtner & Guntz Undertaking' Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth-and
Ninth, where- services, will be held under
the aiiRDices of Mission Parlor No. as, -N.
¦ S; G. W., thence to St. Paul's German Evan- ¦
gellcal Lutheran Church, northeast , corner
Eddy and Goutrh streets, for services com- :
menclng at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
RUSS — In this city. June 24, 1902, Adolphus:
G. Rues, dearly beloved father of Mrs. L. ¦
Bruckmann, Mrs. H. W. Westphal and Al-
bert H.. Robert R. and Gustave Adolrih
Rubs, a native tjf Oermany, aged 70 years
and 5 months.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall, !
where th-i services will be^held under tbe
auspices of the Society of California Plo-:
neftrs. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PI taae omit flowers. ; .
TOURET — In the City and County Hospital,
June 2f>, 1902, Ma^dalena Touret, a native^
of Austria. aee<3 «j. r > -years. . :
TURNER — In this city. June 24. 1902, Mary ;
HENRY J. CALLACHE^ CO.
.(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ' \
DANIEL -P.' DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND 'EMRALMT5RS
20 Fifth Bt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST . THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street, i!
:-'<',:' ¦ Telephone Bush 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. j|i
iSamurt McFadden, 18 years manager for t
the Unltnd Undertakers' Association; M. J. ]
¦McBrearty. with the same company for 10 I
years; P..F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & -Co., have opened new iFuneral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission .st. t between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.' ¦
Tiie Odd fellows 1 Cemetery Association.
Funeral; Conductors
• (FOR CREMATION ONLY).
. Funeral rooms — 429 Golden Gate ave.: tele-'
phone South 9S4. ¦
- Oakland office — 1004 Broadway; telephone
Clay 70L .
Main office at cemetery, Point Lobos ave., ;
San Francisco; 'telephone West SD6.
PrlceB of cremation — Adults -over 15 year*,
or age, $25; children under 15 .years of age.
$15.. Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. < GEO. T. BOHEN. Pre«. :
GEO. "PENLINGTON. Bee.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Cnfara.
AT "The -Almonte," -813 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth St.); rooms 25c, 60c. *1. $1 50 night,
$1 to $10 jer week; house open all night. .
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nUhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished. '
BUSH. 1220^-Nlce room, private family;, par-
lor floor, with use of front room; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204^ Ellis, cor. 'Mason — Elegantly
furnished Eunny rooms; prices reasonable. ,
EUROPEAN HOTEL, 930 Market st. opp. Em-
porium — Opened for permanent guests June
• 20th; new management; refurnished; strictly
first class; will give special inducements to
parties securing rooms during this month;
rates per month; elegant bay-window suites,
Market-st. side. $30; smaller suites,' nicely
furnished, $2U; single rooms, $7 to $10. Phone'
Main 16PS.
EDDY. 210— Double and single rooms to let
from $6 up; transient solicited.
EDDY, 316— Elegantly :furnishea sunny iront
suite; piano; every convenience; reasonable.
EIGHTH. 228%— Nice sunny room in private
family, suitable for two.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 35c, i
$1 GO night; $1 50. $« week; open all night. :
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1030— Well furnished
large sunny room; private family; free phone.
Grand Southern. 7th Jt Mission — Roome 35c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
JESSIE. 300, east of Mint — Light, airy furnish-
ed rooms. $1 a week and up. ¦.
MINNA, C67, corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
windaw room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh— Single front
room, :$1 25; room for 2, ?1 50 per week.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunpy furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; eiec. lights; day, week, mo.
POWELL. 932. near Clay— Newly furnished
front suite; private family; free bath, phone.
.ROYAL .House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent lijfht,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies* -par- !
lor; rooms, per might, S5c to $1 50; week,' $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
¦ Hoor;. rooms with hot and cold water; bath).
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth, near
Market — For respectable ladles & gentlemen.
WEBSTER, 711 — 3 nice large sunny unfurnish-
ed rooms for housekpg. ; every convenience. :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
> received at Call branch office. 2200 FiMmore.
ROOMS A^P. .P.P. A Jg-P'_ . .
ATLAJCTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new, strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened July ;
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
leee; electric light and elevator.; private
baths: single and suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones ;on every floor.
HOTEL Dartmouth — New family hoteL about
completed, will be .ready Xor guests July 1;
strictly modern house, tirst-class in all its ap-
oolntments; can be Inspected now; will be
conducted In strictly select and first-class man-
ner. 8C5 Post st., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
A SUNNY suite, with or without board; also
single rooms. The— Lake, 268 Turk gt. ¦
LA11BOURNE. 420 Eddy — High-class house;
fnrciehed suites or single; Rteam heat.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS- AXD BOARD WASTED.
SINGLE gentleman visiting city wishes roam
and board in private family. Box 1212. Call.
SPECIAL JfOTICES.
THE followinc children have' "been received at
the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children
since Jan. 1. 1902: Thomas O. Merrltt. half-
orphan, 10 years of age; Fern Bowman, half-
orphan, Ellsworth Bowman, half-orphan,
twins. 6 years of age; Grace Buchanan, half-
orphgn, ti yeara of aze.
FREE cure for gtoruacu and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine is what
cured people say. Address REUNER * GOU-
LET, Station A. Sacramento. Cal.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFTC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* 9-10; tel." S580.
JTYPEWItlTERS ASP SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITER^^We
sell better machines for less .money than any
house in the city: centals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 Calrrnrnla; telephone Main 2G6.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Ingpec. Co.. 200 Sansome.
TY-I»EWRIT£Xg_&JttiraiEOGRAPiriXK.
EXPERT typewiting, 4c folio: copies. 2c; mln»-
¦ eoBraphing. 927 Markt, rm.^05; Howard 1638.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAVINGS and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
rt., corner of Sutter — The Board of Dlrectora
declared a dividend for the term ending June
30. 1902, at the rate of three and one-eighth
<3%) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes and payable on and after July 1,
1902. Dividends not called for are added to
and bear the same rate of dividend aa the
principal from and after July 1. 1902. CV-
RUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Compa-
ny, corner of California and Montgomery sts.
— For the six months ending June 30. 1902.
dividends have been declared on deposits in
the savings department of this company as
follows: On term deposits at the rate of
3 6-10 per cent per annum, and en ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum,
free of taxes and payable on and after Tues-
day. July 1. 1902. Dividends uncalled for ar«
added to the principal after July 1, 1902 J
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Call-
fornia st., cor. of Webb— For the half year
ending with the 30th of June, 1902. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per an-
num of three and forty-two one-hundredth3
(3 42-100) per cent on term deposits, and
• three (3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, July
1. 1902. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Post st. For the half
year ending June 30, 1902, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three <3) per
- cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes,
" payable on and after Tuesday, July 1, 1902
OEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan • Society. £26
California Bt. — For the half year ending'nvlth ;
June 30. 1902, a dividend has been declared '
at the rate of three (3) per cent per annum '
on all deposits, free of taxes, -payable on and
after Tuesday. July 1, 1902. GEORGE :
TOURNY. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st. — The directors have declared a ;
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on its de-
posits, payable on and after July 1, 1902.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tlx» following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
v Simon F. Thompson, 83. 1124 Church street. '
and Lora Taber, 27, 102 Tremont avenue.
. Carl Schindler, 27, Cll Polk-etreet, and Elli-
son B. Spencer. 2. r >, Cll Polk street.
Jot.oph F. Gallagher, 2S, 221 Minna street,
and Marguerite A. Galnes, 20, Oakland. ' :
Martin G. Lyon, 27, San Jose, and Delia
Hainm. 29. WatEonvllle.
• Daniel W. Keating. 20, city, and Mary E.
Whclan, 25, city.
'Daniel J. Linehan. 21. 72 Albion avenue, and*
Agnes Klrby, IS. 105 Castro street. '.
Brooke M. Wright, 25. Jtl2 Lombard street ;
and Alice M. Beatty, 22, 2409 Octavia street.
Emory E. Warren, 22, 1201 Fell street, and
Hattie M. Hurlbert. 21, city.
• David Davis, 38, city, and Reglna Levy, • 24,
city.
Edwin C. Davis, 32, city, and Fay E. Mor-
gan, 20. city.
Frank A. Urmson, 38, city, and Pearl Kel-
ton, 21, city.
Albert A. Arnold, 21. 301 Halght street, and
Anna E. Riley, 21. 128 Page street. v
Morris Cohn. 30, 224 Fulton street, ana Mar- ;
tha F. Oppenhelm. 21. 4K3 Grove atreet.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS, i
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by \
mail will not be Inserted. They mu«t be handed
la nt either of the publication offices and be
inclornert with the name and residence of per-
Bon« authorized to have the same published.
V BORN.
CARTER— In Nome. Alaska, June 12, 1002. to :
the wlte of -Stewart Carter (nee Hromada) ,
a son. . I '
IELMORINI— In Chlleno Valley, Marln County :
to the wife of Henry Ielmorini (nee Mair-
gcttl), a daughter. * *
PETERSEN— In this city. June 17. 190° tu i
the wife of Charles R. Peternen. a son.
married!
BARNUM— BRANDEMANN — In this city :
June 22, 1.1)02. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder' ;
Samuel E. Baxnum and Bena K. Brando- :
mann. :
GJIABILL— SYMONDS— In this city. June 10
/10C2. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Clarence 1
i A. Grablll r.nd Harriet E. Symonds,
HAMILTON— GRAHAM— In this city, June 25
1902, by the Rev. W. K. Outhrie, "WttUani ¦
N. Hamilton of Tomalea and Elizabeth Gra-
ham of Cordelia.
MORLEY— FINLEY-2-In Seattle, May 31, 1902.
by the Rev. J. J. Thompson, Henry Leslie ;
Morley of. New York City and Ada Violet*
Flnley of I San, Francisco. . ¦
STURGES— HART— In this city, June 24. 1002 '
by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, Louis S. Sturgea '
and Evelenor It.Sjart, both of San Fran- :
cUjco. . • i
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I«aBSOXALS.
JF your bair is~iaJlins. &ezA for J>R. G. S.
Moa r iE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
**>anJy kaown to stop hair from falling and
c *i*.e hnjQ: to grow on bald heads. A positive
c Ure for eczema; preparation eent to all parts
°r the, world- call or send for circular. DR.
.^g^S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell St.. S. P.
¦*•'" elegant line of remnants Tor suits to order.
*15; with Those suits we make an extra, pair
°r pacts free of charge; other suits on install-
51 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
__*t^ : bctn een Seventh and Eighth.
*5-ECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms.
25e to M liO per night; $1 50 to $G per week;
. r ee 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"iE best yet discovei-ed — Eggs properly pack-
ed will remair. in r etate of freEhness r?*oni
10 to 12 months; receipt sent for 10c ia ell-
__ver. WIXTERS. 315^ Jessie et., S. F.
Hag carpets wove to order and for sale; altso
cneallle-wove russ. ellk portieres; dealer ia
CAroet *\vine. in hank or chain, at lowest
Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth, st.. Oakland.
A--WHAT do you think? O. BEEJ4AN 48
*-llis. maices colored ehirts to -order; $1 each;
came &b white shirts; selection .300 fatterns.
CAX you introduce stranger to possible buyers
of oil and miu«ng stock? Good money and
Aedress box 1180. -CalL
TOR the best vrivate detective In America, ad-
S25 J - FORBES. 1111 Bryant st.; hon-
_ orafale and, persevering.
THE be-^t hair dressing, any ctj-le. J»c only;
enarp/«x>ir.g. 50c; switches. wigB; hair dye-
fcy artists. G. LEDERER. US Stockton.
&',JXEY to loan at low interest; gold, diver.
diamonds, pearls and precious Ftor.es bought
\Y. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et.
' morphine find *11 drus dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
_ '-o.. 1SS9 Polk St.. S. F. : consultation free.
JipME treatment for mothers and daughters;
booklet tree The Y1AVI CO.. 2304-6-8 Van
_ >-e^s g\-p.. Pan Frascisco; phone Eaft 2S2.
I^HlTE *namei Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or Ovuble. S2 t!5. EASTEliX OUTFITTING
. < -v*_ : _pl0-lS12 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
S>y-V ready — June styles Standard Pattern^:
Sill the newest designs for srununer roods J
"ft". EVANS. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
ar.d trousers « CHARLES LYONS', I^ondoc
taller. 721 Market st.
WANTED— lUOO to 10.000 pampas plumes:
Ftate »irice. Address E. DECORVET. 639
Pine tt.
C-'f-EKIT-'UOUS hair and moles destroyed with
__ tJt-ctric r.eedle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter et-
A-—$3 50 DERET and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FIXE SUITS. $10; dress par.ts. $2 75. MISFIT
PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
CHARLIE — Come home at once: mother sick.
FATHER.
COl'CJi Easy Consumption Cure means Just
whut it says; try it; -25c at your druggist's.
EEN'SATIOXAL book for men; postage 2 cents.
M'lLLIAXS ft CO.. 140 Geary st.
ANDERSON, theatrical ccsturaer; private the-
atncals; rmi&queraQes eupplied. t6 O'Farrel!.
A.CTIXA restores the eyes and ears to health.
by A'VIDA CO.. 7C3 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc. j>ermanentJy
¦rev.oved. electric needle. Mrs.Cook,426 Sutter.
UUPTUEE cured; no cperEtion. pain cr lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26^ Kearny.
ffALLOE-ilADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, f 2 50.
% Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
i3-ECTKlC r#edle speoialist: superfluous hair
¦and ir.ole? destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton. 427 Sutter.
Brisrjs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by flectricUy. I7IU Buchanan; teL West 253.
EUPERFLrUOUS hair and motes removed by
electric neeCle.Dr.&Mre.Traverse,1170Market.
ALFREDMl'S Ejrj-ptian Henna; restores gray
hair to jls natcral color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MUKUlKi TOOTHAOtlE DROPS CUBE
Htstantly: Iftc aad 25c. All druggists.
DTSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROU'AN, Xorth MUwaukee, Wis.
aiASQlTEKADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country crders. GOLDSTEIN' & CO.. 733 Mkt.
CR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN TAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
fclAIE. -G. L. XEERGAARETreads iTaT. TOO
Post et.. corner of Jonee; phone Polk 837.
U. JEROME FOSELLI. scienUflc pair>*<t 515
Taylor st.. bet. Cttry and Poet :td. Black' S61.
PHVSICIA3TS AXD srnCEOMS.
CtHL'SE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no fperation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated ruccessfully; oonsul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porteifield.CTurk.
J)R C. C. O'DONNELL. — Office and residence.
3C21fi Market st.. bet- Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption: rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073^ Market st.
BE.U.ESTATE — ¦COUXTHY — For Sai«
fcHANCE TO BUT RIGHT
on the penijiEula-
AVe are authorized to sell
the rich acres of Redwood Farm.
Pretty 5 -acre homes
amid preat oaks.
Five ruinates" walk from new depot
st Redwood City. Saa Mateo County.
Xear Stanford University,
-'•-acre lots only $1250 to $1375.
lH-acre lots $340 to $450. atl corners.
i Double track electric road
-< new building.
In .20 years you have not
heard of tuch a chance
to get i?uch property. ..
The kind of property you ought to own."
J5uy now at first cost.
Urge your friends to, also.
This is a snap.
Terms half cash.
Call or eend for catalogue to-day.
WOOSTER. WHTTTOX & MONTGOMERY,
«34 Market street.
*. ; ,
ORCHARD Home, near Loj Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on L>os Gatos and Saratoga aves.;
beautiful location; climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive frcrn station: neighborhood
desirable; 40 acres, all of which is in ir-
chai d ; 32 acres in bearing ; balance will bear
lruit next year; there is a croir of fruit, es-
timated et $2000; agricultural implements
end tools, fruit boxes, drying: trays, wagons,
etc.. included.
The residence is one-story. contains 0
rooms. In perfect condition, modern finish;
good stable, tank-bouse, tank, etc; good
water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
:\ -wort: a beautiful and he&Hhly home, and
profitable; price $16. W0.
Address JAMES A. CLATTON & CO.,
34 West Santa Clara et.. San Jose.
r— FOR SALE NEAR SAX FRANCISCO
. Sm*Il tracts. $t>0 to $90 per acre, on Uancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co., luture value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general fanning. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California et.. lor
pamphlet and lsformatioa.
#300— A SNAP bargain in 80 acres of land,
close to town, in Lake County; house, barn,
orchard, alfalfa; abundance of running wa-
ter; «)£t $1400; must seJL C. F. MOORE,
:>'¦::> Market st.
ASK for our litt of suburban and country
properties: land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg.,
San Francisco.
LlVERMORE Valley vineyards for sale. $3500
up; small cash payment, balance 0 per cent;
profits b*tt*T than fruit: climate unsurpassed.
K. V. FLINT. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
EArSAUTO— Auction Saturday. June 28, 1
<iVl«ck, «0 choice lots, Turney Tract; a cnap.
GEO. D. fiHKARER. Auctioneer./"
COLCNT tract*, estate*, renches. ranges, tim-
ber, mince. KMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
rLANl> bargains; new catalogue sert fr*e.
Wooster, Whltton & Montgomery. C34 Market.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co.. Petaluma. for
liu of bargain* rn fruit and chiefcen ranches.
SACSALITO XtS:XXs ESTATI5.
SAUSALITO Land and Ferry Company offer*
at low prices and csjv terms lots, blocks,
acres and villa eitec. choice suburban home*
r.nd business property: 30 minutes from San
Francisco: ciimate and scenery superb; can't
I* excelled: call on Ute agent for particular*.
THOJIAR MrMAHON. 323 Montgomery «U
"r r.t offt'-f f)f onrnpany. SaugaMtn.
HEAL ESTATE TO EICHAJiGE.
FOR ratfe or exchange for E. E» paylni? proper-
ty, i/nt the finest ranches Ifi Sonoma Valley.
A<«/R. Park. Arua Cailente. Sonoma Valley.
*!?}}' l * G , IIX ES . AAD SUPPLIES.
A NEW drop head 5-drawer latest improved $75
sewing machine for $1« 60. 145 Sixth Et.,
pbone Howard S264.
ALL klnde bought sold, rented, exchinged; re-
pairing; lcw<?st rates. Tel. Green 144. 1*05 4th.
STOnA^E^^^D^W^AjrtJEuoUSKS^^
l-'lJiltCE-KOIXJL.PU Ktorage & Moving Co., of-
<^ Oce Poet and Powell sta. ; tel. Prtv. Ex. 871.
F GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made; 640
MjgUon fit.; t»l. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuf*.
J3EKINS Van and Storage Co.. €30 Market »t.;
tel. Main 1840; eUipplng at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pasx. 2220 Flllmore tt. ; pbene Jackson SSL
KBBTH. SHORE .8A1L80AD.
- Via SiiiiKitlUo Kerry,
Commencing April 27, .luvi:.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN KAFAEL.
•WEEK DATS— 6:45, •TMu, 8:45, 3:30. 11:00
a. tu.. 12.:2Q, »1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. •UU.5
o:45, l):45. 11:45 p. m. 7:15 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, *9:00.- *10:00, 11-00
U:30a. m., 12:30. *l:30. 2:30. •3:i6. 0:00. «-W
V:80. U:45, 11:45 p. m. .
Tratnc marjwd (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
. -WEEK DAYS— 3 :S0.' "6:20, 7:49. 8:1 5. «D:3u
11:00 a. m.. 12:25, 2:ltj, »3:aO, 4:40. 5:,J0, <J:45'
1«:1S B. Bi.
BUNilAYS— 6:00, -SiCO. 0:30." ¦•11:00- a. in
*12:l)0 nu, 1:00. 2M5. «3:30, 4:15. »5:45. C:«"
-, M0. 10:15 p. m.
TralnB marked (•) start fwn San Quentln.
1T.OM MILL VALLKY TO SAN -FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-^5:40. ti:4C. 7:45. 8:257^:43
11:10 a. m.. 12:3i», 2:45, 3:50, 5:10. 5:20. 7;io'
HO'15 o. m. .'¦-•• v
SUNDAYS— 6 i30, 7:55, 10:05. 11:10 a. m '
12:15. 1:20. 2:S0, 8:45, 5:00. C.:05, ( 7^15. 10:4J
*" THROUGH TRAINS.
¦7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ; ; . .
3 :15 p. m. Saturdays—^azadero «nd way »ta-
lions. . :'¦:•¦¦/
5:15 p. m. week aays (Saturdays exceptcd)—
Tomulea and way stations.
R:o0 a.' ni. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . '¦ .
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and wffy
stations. -
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday, lime. ..... ¦ .
Shortest and quickest route to At-
Iiu, IXiiX salmon. Wliite Horse.
HootnlliKiun. Stenurt River,
KLoudiUe, Koynkuk and Vn-
kon .tlinliiK' IJIscplot™.
ONLY DIRECT LINE TODAWSON
TEX DAYS »AS KUAKCISCO.TO
. UAWSOK.
For full Intonnatlon apply to
J. FRANCIS LEE, S. P. BROWN.
Traffic Mgr., Seat- Gen. Agent. MC
tie. 'Wash.: Skag- Market Bt.. .San
uay. Alaska. . • Francisco.
A tin -nHtiG i'ASij AND
YUKON ROUTE
Santa Fe:;.
Trains-Daiiy. ;
Leave Market-Street' Ferry Dtyct.
"¦ " Lim'd l | ]
\ Local Mon&i Local jOVrl'd
v Daily Thurs i DaUy I Daily
Lv San Fran 0*0 a 0:00 a 4:20 p| 8:00 p
Ar Stockton.. (12:10 p{ll :JG a 7aSplll:15p
¦' " Merced... 2:3. r i<> 1:17 p 1:^0 a
" Fresno... 4:10p 2:ii5p 3:15a
." Hanford.. T.:5S p 3:27 p 8:«5»
V Vlsalia... 6:3,S.p 5:00a
¦' ITkerstf'd. S:10p 5:20 p T::!St
" Kan City 1 2:;H a «:02a
" Chicago I 2:15 p S:47 p ,
a tor inurnmx. p lor afterhoon. . .
9:C0 a. m. Daily is Bakersfleld Local,
stopping at all points in San Joaquln Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
dally. " •
H: CO a. m. Mondays and Thursday* Is the
California Limited, carryinc "Palace' Sleep-'
ling Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No eecond-clnss tickets are honored
on this train. Gorreflponfiinjr train arrives
at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. in. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. ra. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palnce and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Recllnlng''Chatr Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at .Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 0:0V n. m
dally.
¦ orflce«»— OH Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Triiius lea.* e ami are due to arrive »t
- SAN FKAXCISCO.
(Main Line, Faot of Market Street >
utTK — Fib» Jcxk 23.maa. — a»»tT
" 7.00*. Benlcl*. Sai*un, Elmlri and Sacra-
-niento ...' 6-55r
7.00a V»c»vll!e, Winter*, Rumsey 7.65?
. 7.30a Martinez. San Ksinea, Vallejo,
. . .: Xapa. Callstojc«, Santa Kosa 62Sr
8-00 a/ DhyIs, W«jodl»ii<l. Enlzhta Landing,
. SlurynvHlc. Orovllle > 7-65»
SCO a AtUatic Hxpre»»— Ozden and Eaat. 8.25*
8.00a Mies, Lsthro;>. Stockton 7.25r
8.00a >'!le». Jleudota, Haaford, Vlsalia, .
Porterrlile 4-55*
8-30a Slia«ta Eipress— Darii, Wllltami
. \ : (Tor Bart.'ett Springs), "Willow*.
Ked bluff, Portland 7.58*
8.30a Sun Jo.e. Ltvermore. Stoclcton,
lone, Sacramento. FlacerrEl«,
M«ry*Tille, Cliico, Red Bluff 4.25P
8.30a Oakdale,Cblnese,Sunura,Taolumne 4.25*
9.00a Vallejo.. , 12.25*
8.00a Lo» Anjeles Expres* — Mnrttnez, ->-,. -«'5
Tracy, luathrop.Stocfcton.Merced.
l:ay mond, Fresno nnd Loj Ac;elei B-Z9A
9.30a Vallejo. Martinez aurt Way station* 7.65p
10.00a Hxyward. Mh-s mia ITny Stations. t125ar
10.00a The Overlaiwi Limited — Offden,
' Denver. Oi:m.hj. Chicago 5.2SP
- ti-OOr Sacramento idver Steamera tiVOO*
3.007 Benicla. Winters. Sacramento,
"Woodland, Williams. "Willows,
¦- Entgbts Lasdlnc. Marjavllle,
Orovllle 10.55a
3.33p naywnrt. Nilea and vr*# Station*.. 755?
4.00P Murtinei.Sau rUtnun. Vallejo.Napa,
Callstosa, SanUUosa. 9-25a
¦ 4.C0P Nlles, Llvcnuore, Stoctton. Lodt.. 12.25*
4.30p Hayward,NilP.!i.San.Iose,LtTermore t3-55-A .
4-30* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare.
' -BoXersfleld, Saocua for Santa ¦ •• ¦•
Barbara. Los Angeles 8.55a
BOOp Port Coita.TracyXathropJStoclcton 10.25 a '
i 5. OOP Martlnei, Antlocii. Stockton, Mer- ¦ ¦
ced, Raymond, Freano 12-25P
• 5.30p Kile* Local.. .". 725a
B.OOp Hay ward. Xlles and Saa Jose....... 7.55a
6.00P ValleJo.. M 11.25a
6.00p Oriental Mall— O^den, Denyer,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago 4-23*
7.00P San Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez '
and Way Stations 11.25* -
J7.00r VatJeJo. 765p
8-C5p Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, MsryiTille, Redding.
PortUod, Pugec Sound and East. 855a
t9-10f Hayward tnd NUe» fti.SSA
COAST LINE (5»rrow *Jauge).
¦_ (Foot of Marbet Street.)
;7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion $8.06*
8.15a Xewnrt. Onterrille. San Joae,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Station! 5.50 1
t2-15P Newark, CenterTllle. Saa Jo«e,
Xew Almaden, Felton, Boulder
. Cree&, Santa Cruz aad Principal '
Way Stations 10.50a
4.15p Newark, San Jo»e, Lo^Gatos tS^OA
.M.15P Saa Joce. Los Gatos. Santa Crnz... c8.53»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FKAS CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 91
— +7:15 9:00 11:00 a J«. 1.00 300 5.15 r.M. •
yrom OAKI.AND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 i3:d
t8:03 li):OUjiJg. 12 00 200 400p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Uadge).
" (Third and lownsead Streets.) _^
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations. . .'....... 6-30p
+7.00a San Joae «Dd Way stations 730p
¦/7JJ0a Xe» AlTJMileu /4.10f
t7.1 5a Monterey Excursion J3.30P
COQa Cu» Line -. Llnilttd — San .Jose, -.
. Gnroy,fIpnister,Salin«i»,SanLala ¦•
Obt-spo. S*nta Barbara. Los Ange-
les and Principal Intermediate
Stations 10.45*
. 9.00a San Jose. Tres Plno.s, Santa Crnz,
Pacific Grotp, Salinas. San Lula • -
Ol)Ur>o and Principal Intermedi-
ate Station* „.. -4.10p
10.30a San Joee »nd Way Stations 8. 35 a
11.30*. San Joae.Los GutoqandWayStations 5-SOp
a1.3Qp San Jose an.1 Way Stations «7 CQp
12. OOp San Ji>.-i« and Way Stations.. t8.00A
t3.00P Del Monte Express— Only stops San
- Jose >. t12D1y
3-5QP San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto,
Sanui Clara, San Jose. Trea
Finos. Santa Cruz, Snllaas. Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific ' .
, ' ¦- Grore..-.,.^...."^ 13.45a
i 4.3Cp S»n Jose anHPrlnclpalWay Station* V30p "
- t5-0QP San Jotse.J Los. Gatos' and Principal- -'
- WayStatlmrt.
5.30p SanJofteandPrlnclpalWarStatlons 1C.00a
tS.T5P San Maf.eo. Belraont. Redwood,
Menlo ParK. Palo Alto ....„ tS.48A
. 6.30p Sas Jose and Way Stations ?»•£. 6.36a
7J30i* New Orleans Espress — San Lul» . ;* •
OWspo, Santa Barbara. Los An- • .
jreles. Demtns. El Paso, Sew '
Orleans and F.ast..... 10.1tA
«11^45pPalo Alto and Way Stations 19.-45P -
a11.45P San Jose and Way Stations... t9.45P,
A for Mornrijr! "P for Afternoon,
t Sitorlay cxccn'.ed. t Snnd*y only. • "• "••,
- a Satarday onl;'. e Muaday only. ' -V ¦ *
b Saturday and /"Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday oa\j. • n Dally except S»toTtl!iy.>,
CALIFORNIA KORTflWESTEM RY. CJ
LESSEES-
SAM rBJIHClStiO xAMa -HOaTl PA31F11
_„ RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Kerry, Foot ol Market St.
*AJf FUAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL*.
WEEK JDAi'S— «:3l>, 0:U«, 11:00 a. m.; 12:38,
3:30, 5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trfc>
at 11:30 p. . m. Saturdays — Kxtra trips »e
1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— hS:C0. 1>:3u, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:33.
t 5:00 ane 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FIIAXC1SCO.
WEEK DATS— »>:05. 7:35, 7:00. <V:2\X. 11:13
a. m.; 12:5W, 3:40, 5:0«. 5:20 p. m. Satur-
ilays — Extra trips at 2:03 and t>:35 P. m.
SUNDAYS— S:<X).li:U), 11:15 a. m.; 1:10.-3:45.
.4:55, 5:0r>, BiSTp. m. -
.- Leave 4 In Effect 1 Arrive
San Franciscol May 4. 1002. ' |San Franclsc3
! Week I Sua- \ ~bestin- I Sun- | Week
! Days. | days- | tion. g _ f days. I Day.
; '7:30a S:00a Isnacio~^ 9:10a|<8:40a
:!:;:•> p 'j:Ma and 10:40a S:Wa
'8:10 p C.-COp Novato fi^5 p C:20 p.
. 7:35 p| . ¦ .
7:30a 8:00a Petaluma 10:40a 8:40a
"3:30p 0:30a and 0:03 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35p 0:20 p
'¦ Fulton
. 7:30 a Windsor - 10:20 a
5;00p Healdsbnrs 10:40 a
Lytton-
Oeyservllie
3:30 p 8:00 a • Cloverdale 7:S5 p 6:20 p
~7:30 a | SrOOal UoplanO. - 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p|5:0Op| Uklah | 7:3op| 6:20 p
7:3Oa| 8:00 a| WUUta | 7:35 pi 6:20 p
*7:30a| S:COa| Guernevtlle. |7^13p|10:20a
3:30 p| 5:C0p|. . (10:40 a| ft:2J p
7r30 al'S:0O al Sonoma '¦ I 9:10 al S:40a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7::tOal «:COa| <6ebastopol 110:40 a! 10: 20 a
3:3© p| 5:C0p| [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
""Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
lor Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: ttt
Geyservine for Skagcrs Springs; at Cloverdala
tor the Geysers and liooneville; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvillc
Carlsbad Sprincs, Soda Bay, Lakeport aad
Bartlctt Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Sprtngs, Blue Lakes, • Laurel Dell
Lak«. Witter Sprlnss.. Upper Lake. Pomo. Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's Riverside. Lierley*a,
bucknell'8. San Hedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs. Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bras*.
\\7«:stport. Usal: at Wllllts for Sherwood. Cahto,
Covelo, Laytonvllle. . Cummlngs, Bell'a Springs.
Harris. Olaen'u. Djer, P«pperwood, Scctla and
Eureka. ¦ - ¦ • ¦
-Saturday, to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
Cuced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all polnt3
beyond San Kafael nt half rates. . .
Ticket office. W0 Ma'rket at.. Chronlcl* build-
"li. C. WHITIXG. ' R. X. RYAN.
G«j, Manae?r. Gen. Pass. Act ".
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave '. Via Sausalito Ferry! Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week San- n,^^^^ Sun- Work
9.30a. 8:00 a. j«^» utamjus »•«• a !:» 1-':15 p. 9.15a.
1-.15p.,1O:0O a. rfllkBlHlllI 8:80 p. 5:55 p.
~. U.UUA, uTi<ruiirrioiigi'i>i 1.OU r
1:30 p. TUtRI OF TLJILPLS 5^0 p
2:30 p. "Qp—iHUwyemiMd. 8:15 p. .;.„•„—
. Tki«J OBia, ttl . U.VBXET STBZET owl BAtiAMTO TM2XJL .
If you want to get well again, you
cannot take a better medicine than
the Bilters; It is the best health
restorer known to science, and
will cure Headache, Nervous-
ness, Flatulency. Indigestion
and Malaria, Fever and Ague,
[Try it. .
AD VEETISEMEUTS.
E5"Funeral services . to-day (Thursday),
at 1:30 o'clock, at the parlors of the "Western
Addition Funeral Directors, 1T2-1 Devlsadero
street, between Sutter and Bush. Interment
private. I v
J. G. Turner, beloved mother of .W.'B. Tur-
ner, a native of Boston, Mass., aged SO
years. ; .'¦;¦• .
Don't Hesitate
! to go east with one of the
\ Burlington Overland Excur- Q j
i sions because you think the
"passengers -won't "be nice."
i Theywiljbe. j
i Objectionable people can ,
¦ not secure berths in our \
cars AT ANY PRICE. . j
Travelers are gradually
finding this out — to their
advantage and ours.
J From San Francisco three N j
j ? times a week — Omaha, CJa- J
capo, Kansas City, St. Louis
« , at>d points beyond.
H Folder giving: 1 ull informs-- j
tion furnished on request.
I ' -.;
| """! W. D. SACJBORN,
tfjE&Sj&jSS Ceiraral Agent.
ft£?$&% 63 1 Market St., •
!1B^ San-Francisso,
1 ' """•""¦2M • California.The jury In the case of Jerome Saracco
charged with ' criminal assault upon
Madge Graham. his stepdaughter,
brought in a verdict yesterday of not
guilty. The jury was out about an hour
The Graham girl was an Intimate friend
of the unfortunate Nora Fuller.
Now Is the Time
To get one of our clocks— the pretty^dld
en ones that please everybody. Also gold
candlesticks, candelabra and jewel cases
make fine -wedding presents and priz»s
for card parties. Sanborn, Vail & Co 741
Market street. • ' •
Asks for. a Jury Trial.
Kmil Adams, a painter, who was arrest
ed on the charge of cruelty to animals,
for killing a pet kitten with a cane, ap^
peared before Judge Fritz yesterday and
demanded a trial by jury. The trial was
set for July 9. The complaining witness
is Mrs. Sarah Sam of 110'A McAllister
street. ;
Mother Rescues Child From Drowning
Adolph Pick, the five year old son of
Morris Pick, a cigar packer residing at
435B Clementina street, came near losing
his life in Stow Lake in Golden Gate
Park yesterday afternoon. The little fel
low was playing along the edgo of the
lake when he lost his footing and fell
into the water. | His mother nromptly
plunged into the lake and rescued him.
Tho ambulance was telephoned for and
the mother and child were taken to the
Park Emergency Hospital for treatment.
Both were found to be none the worse
for their bath.
Says Partmann Shields Law-Breakers
Police Officer Beach, who has been de
tailed to investigate encroachments on
sidewalks, recommended yesterday to the
Board of Public Works that the applica
tion of M. Partmann of 247 Eighth street
for permission to place a bicycle rack
in front of his premises be not granted.
Beach reported that Partmann' s store is
a rendezvous for hoodlums who ride bicy
cles on the sidewalks and insult women.
Be\ich said that when the police attempt
to enforce order, the offenders take ref
uge in Partmann's store and the proprie
tor keeps the door locked until they have
had a chance to escape through the back
•way.
PERMANENT SIGNS AT CORNERS
San Francisco has at last placed at
street crossings ¦ to guide the citizen or
stranger everlasting porcelain enamel
signs. Made by the Baker Letter Com
pany, 541 California street, which firm
is also now making the same kind for
the city of San Jose.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 • cents. . Morton Special delivery,
40S Taylor street, 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. , . *
Notice to Passengers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2o.-Justice
Clabaugh in the Circuit Court to-day an
nounced his decision denying a writ of
mandamus to • the Riverside Oil Com-
It Directly Disposes of Oil' Companies'
Mandamus Proceedings.
CLABATJGH'S DECISION.
Southern Pacific Company Will Sell
Liquors to Thirsty Commuters
at Dining-Car Prices.
Assistant Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Southern Pacific has Issued a circular an
nouncing that on and after July 1 the bars
on the ferry-boats and In the eating
houses on the line of the Southern Pacific
will be under the. direction of the dining
car service of the company. The ferry
boat bars ¦will not be discontinued until
the boats are laid up for repairs and the
room now occupied by the bars is turned
into the dining-rooms.
Within the near future all drinks sold
on the ferry-boats will be sold at the same
prices as on the dining cars.
BARS ON FEBBY-BOATS
ABE TO BE ABANDONED
St. Michael's Church Benefit.
A magnificent production of Balfe's lyric
and romantic opera, "The Bohemian Girl," In
three acts, will be presented in the new church
building. Broad street. Ocean View, In aid of
St. Michaers Church, next Saturday evenlnsr.
at 8 o'clock. This high class entertainment is
directed solely by St. Dominic's Choral Union
and Juvenile Minstrels. Both troops have
been well prepared by Fathers Newell and
Jones of St. Dominic's. The fact that the
opera Is so soon repeated will be sreeted en
thusiastically by the hundreds of admirers who
could not gain admittance to- the same play,
by the self-same talent. last April at the Al
hambra. Special free cars, for ticket holders,
will start at 6:35 and 6:55 for the hall. .The
starting point will be Bush and FUlmore,
thence to Sixteenth and Misslon,.out Mission to
Boswell street, to San Jose avenue and Broad
street. I
George H. Maxwell and R. M. F. Soto
filed a similar notice on the ground that
the defendant was not in default, that the
judgment was a surprise to the attorneys
and that it occurred through the excus
able neglect of said attorneys.
The original suit was brought to recover
on the value of bonds alleged to have
been contracted to the plaintiff for work
done for the defendant.
W. H. Chamberlain, Frank Freeman,
Charles. L.Donohoe and William Cannon,
attorneys for the defendants in the two
cases of the Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific
Company vs. the Central Irrigation Dis
trict, filed notice in the United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday that on July
SO at 11 a. m. they would move
for an order setting aside the
default and judgment entered on April
1 against the defendants for $75,000. The
motion will be based on the ground, say
the attorneys, that the judgment and de
fault were entered through inadvertance,
surprise and excusable neglect of the de
fendant and through, the intentional mis
conduct and neglect of R. M. F. Soto. at
torney for the. defendant in said action.
The same attorneys filed a similar notice
in a case between the fame litigants, in
¦which the default judgment was for S38.
000, the ground being that no summons
was ever issued or served in the case and
that neither R. M. F. Soto nor any other
attorney or person was ever authorized
to appear for the defendant and that Soto
appeared in the case without authority
from the defendant/
Swim at «the Crystal Baths,
Bay street, rear Powell. Water always
clean, warm. Tub department best In city.*
Charles Moltier, a manufacturer of car
riage trimming*, obtained a judgment for
$4000 against Harry Blews. a former First
etrect cigar dealer, in Judpe Hebbard's
court yesterday. Molter claimed that his
¦wife left him and went to live with Blews,
taking with her his savings, amounting to
S4000. Blews failed to appear.
Took Wife and Savings.
Rogers said that being pressed for money
he had written to Simpson and asked his
permission , before - taking the coin. Re
ceiving no answer, .Rogers said that he
had taken it for granted that everything
was all right. Simpson says he never re
ceived the latter. .
Simpson, when this information was
given him, agreed, he says, to wipe
Rogers' account from the firm's books
and told the cashier to make a new start
in life. He gave his foregiveness freely,
he says, and thought the incident had
passed. He said last night:
"It is inconceivable . to me how this
thing should have. occurred. Pride and an
oversensitive nature could alone have
brought us- all such sorrow. He owed a
little money, but the debta, with the ex
ception of the one owed to the firm, had
nearly all been liquidated.
LETTER TO ifts WIFE. .
"Had I but known his predicament and
how seriously he took the matter I would
have furnished him ten times, yes, one
hundred times that amount of money to
"as?ist him in his trouble. He was always
devoted to his wife and was a model man.
I would have assisted him. as I would
have assisted a son."
At noon yesterday Rogers left the firm's
office at 14 Spear street and went to the
lumber yard at the foot of Powell street.*
He asked for the keys to the stable, say
ing that he wished to see a litter of pups
that was owned by the watchman. When
he did not reappear for some time a clerk
was -sent in search of him and he was
found lifeless on some sails in the stable,
a. bullet through his head and his stiff
hand still clutching the instrument of
death. On his person was found the fol
lowing note:
Bertha, Dearie: Respect your uncle's age. I
say no more. I cannot impress it upon him
that I wrote the letter. Be good and take care
of fathervand mother.
Coroner's- Deputies Brown and Murphy
were detailed on the case and gave per
mission that the body be sent to an un
dertaking parlor. The widow is grief
stricken and was In no condition to ex
plain the sad occurrence when seen.
father and mother are at pres
ent visiting in, this city from Massachu
setts, and were immediately notified of
their son's tragic end.
The Fourth of July committee has not
yet succeeded in removing the obstacles
which stand in the way of a street parade
on the morning of the Fourth. A meeting
of the board of directors of the Musicians'
Union' was' to have been held yesterday
for the purpose of determining whether
or not the union bands would be allowed
to parade with the National Guard bands,
which are non-union. The meeting, how
ever, was postponed until 1 o'clock this
afternoon. Until this meeting is held and
the musicians give their decision, the
Fourth of July committee will be serious
ly handicapped in making arrangements.
The action of -the committee in voting
not to pay the National Guard bands for
their services during the parade has
proved a sore disappointment to the
guardsmen. It is possible that the militia
may refuse to join in the regular parade.
Although the law requires the National
Guard to parade on the Fourth of. July
and en Decoration day, it does not pre
scribe where or under what conditions the
parade shall be held.
Major General John H. Dickinson stated
yesterday that the National Guard could
parade in its armories or in the streets
adjacent to its armories if it so desired.
He said: "It has been the custom for a
number of years for the Fourth of July
committee to pay the National Guard
bands for playing on the Fourth and we
certainly see' no reason why they should
not.be compensated for their services this
year. According to the orders from head
quarters. Brigadier General R. H. War
field is the one who has the right to de
cide where and with whom the National
Guard of this city shall parade."
Grand Marshal Dr. Ira Barker Dalzlel
spent the greater part of yesterday select
ing his aids and trying to instill some
semblance of order Into the chaotic con
dition of affairs. Aside from the parade,
all the features of the celebration are pro
gressing nicely. The people will at least
be given an opportunity to witness a dis
play of fireworks and listen to the orator
deliver a good, old-time Fourth of July
speech.
Guardsmen Are Disap
pointed by Dec'sion
of Committee.
Irrigation District Asks
to Have Default Judg- ;
ment Vacated.
CLIENT ACCUSES
ATTORNEY SOTO
PARADE OUTLOOK
STILL DOUBTFUL
William F. Rogers, cashier of the Simp
son Lumber Company, committed suicide
yesterday afternoon by shopting himself
through the hea3. The tragedy occurred
at the company's yard, at the foot of
Powell street. Rogers' pride was his
downfall. Ho, owed money and because
he could not see his way clear to liqui
date his debts he brushed worry aside
with a, bullet. To the other employes of
the lumber iirm Rogers gave no Intima
tion of tho humiliation to which he
deemed he had been subjected. For those
who saw him last he had only a. smile.
A letter left by the dead man Is at. va
riance with statements made by his wife's
uncle. This letter carries an intimation
of an upbraiding. The. undo says there
was no unpleasantness and that any nec
essary amount of money was ready to
Insure Rogers' happiness of mind.
Rogers, who was 36 years of age, .was
married a year ago to Miss Bertha Simp
son, a niece of Asa M. Simpson, presi
dent of the Simpson Lumber Company,
and daughter of A. W. Simpson of Stock
ton. Since then he had served in the ca
pacity of cashier for the firm at a salary
of $150 per month. The couple moved to
2226 California street, and Rogers spent
considerable money in fitting up their
home. He ran into debt and soon col
lectors presented him with bills that he
could not pay.
MAKES USE OF $1500.
...J^ 11611 P res sed for money, Rogers took
?j500 from the treasury of the firm and
settled the greater portion of his obliga
tions. When the money was drawn Asa
Simpson was in the State of Washington
and was not aware of the matter. As
soon as he returned he questioned Rogers
and gently chlded him for having appro
priated the firm's money to his own use.
pany and the Cosmos Exploration Com
pany of California to compel the Secre
tary of the' Interior to issue certain
patents to valuable oil lands in Kern
County, California, The decision of Jus
tice Clabaugh was preliminary to a final
decision and affects v primarily demurrers
filed to the answer of Secretary Hitch
cock to the original bill. The decision di
'rectly disposes of the mandamus pro
ceedings, however, and the only- action
that remains to be taken simply involves
signing of the decree.
The General Land Office has refused to
grant patents to the land in question on
the ground that formal and legal steps' to
acquire possession of new land and re
linquish old had not been compiled with.
The petition was made to the District Su
preme Court by the companies interested
to compel • the-; Secretary of; the' Interior
to issue patents, and in an answer filed
shortly thereafter r the Government offi
cials stated that" actions of an executive
official could be controlled by mandamus
proceedings only in two classes of cases
—when he refuses to act and when his
action is a simple, direct ministerial duty,
involving the exercise of no judgment or
decision. - - ' ' •
In his decision Justice Clabaugh held
that the only question at issue was
whether the decision of the Secretary of
the Interior was purely ministerial in
character or required exercise of a judi
cial discretion. < ¦ -
The statute that governs these cases is
susceptible to - only two constructions,
the court held, and a well-known appel
late court had divided on that point. The
moment Secretary Hitchcock was called
upon to decide whether or not the titles
to the land were good his action passed
beyond the category of a ministerial act.
The decision upholds . the contention of
the Government that the Land Depart
ment of the office of Secretary of the In
terior is a special tribunal, having judi
cial functions and ' jurisdiction over all
proceedings for acquisition of public
lands.- '¦¦--.
Married to His Wealthy Employer'3
Niece, He Despairs Be
cause of Fancied Griev
ances.
California oil men yesterday congratu
lated one another by wire and when they
met on' tho street. Attorney, Frank H.
Short, who has been representing their in
terests, received a dispatch from Wash-,
ington which brought information that
the Supreme Court of tho District of Co
lumbia had decided two cases in favor of
mineral claimants to oil lands as against
tho claims of scrlppera. The message was
that the decision was favorable to the oil
men on all points. There arc landa in the
Kern River and other oil districts in Cali
fornia, the value of which Is estimated
variously from $10,000,000 to $20,000,000. con
cerned in the general issue Involved in the
cases yesterday brought to an end In
Washington. Large financial and pro
ductive interests were therefore at stake.
Tho dispatch bringing the first Informa
tion came from Senator Bard's secretary.
The scrippers have made a long fight
against the mineral land claimants in the
matter of taking up public lands as placer
claims. In the rirst place, mineral claim
ants and scrippers, or lieu land claimants,
alike make haste to secure that part of
tho public domain that seemed to bo like
ly to yield petroleum when*, development
work was performed. The scrippers took
up the lands with forestry reserve scrip.
The mineral locaters availed themselves
of the placer location law on the statute
books. Litigation came In with a rush.
At first it was decided by a Federal
Judge that land could not be held - aa
placer locations unless the mineral char
acter of the land was actually demon
strated. The scrippers were in high glee
then. They made more locations in dis
tricts where oil was being actually pro
duced, but on tracts where the oil had not
been actually found, ' but where it was
supposed to be by all who had studied
geological formations. The first decision
of the Federal court was reversed by the
same Judge after a while. Tho United
States Court of Appeals confirmed the
later decision. Then an appeal was taken
to the ' Supreme Court of the United
States.
The Secretary of the Interior and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
the latter being Binger Hermann then,'
had their attention called to what was
going on in California. The disputed
lands were withdrawn from, entry until
an investigation could be held. The sub
sequent proceedings, insomuch as they re
lated to the acts of the Department of
the Interior, were entirely satisfactory to
the oil men, but not to the scrippers. The
latter brought a mandamus suit to com
pel the Secretary of the Interior to issue
patents to lands claimed by them. This
was the phase of litigation that came to
an issue favorable to the. oilmen yester
day through the court of the District of
Columbia.
NEW PEHIL LOOMS UP.
But while the oil land owners who se
cured their property as through placer lo
cations were happy on this one. account,
they were anxious about and counseled all
day long in reference to another move that
the scrippers have been engaged in mak
ing at the national capital In the last few
days. A bill fathered by Congressman
Dick went through tne House of Repre
sentatives on June 17 providing for appeal
from the decisions of the Secretary of the
Interior to the Supreme Court of the
United States in contested land cases.
This has in it the possibility, at nrst not
perceived here, '. of bringing about rever
sals of the decisions of the Secretary of
the Interior in all mineral land cases,
which includes the oil lands, petroleum
being a mineral oil. Jefferson Chandler
and other attorneys identified with the
cause of the scrippers appeared before the
sub-committee of the Senate Judiciary
Committee to urge a favorable report that
the Senate might take concurrent action
with the House of Representatives.
It was here that the work of the oil
men in California has told in some de
gree. They have ascertained the danger
in the measure that was* advocated by
the lawyers for the scrippers and have
taken means to Inform the California Sen
ators concerning the significance of the
Dick bill. Both Senators have appeared
before the sub-committee and have ob
jected to a favorable reports Yesterday
afternoon information was received from
Washington that led the oil men to be
lieve that the bill has no chance to pass
the Senate during the present session of
Congress.
Senator Perkins telegraphed to the Cali
fornia Petroleum Miners' Association that
he had assurances from the members of
the Judiciary Committee that the scrip
pers' bill will not be reported to the Sen
ate this session. This was in response
to a telegram sent by Secretary Deane
of the Petroleum Miners* Association.
KEEP WIRES HOT.
A flood of communications has gone to
Washington. -President Newhall of the
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce ad
dressed the California Senators in a tele
gram in which he asserted that the
Chamber of Commerce believes that the
bill giving Federal Jurisdiction to review
decisions of the Secretary of the Interior
in scripper contests establishes an unwise
precedent in taking from the department
power which it has heretofore possessed.
Collector of the Port Stratton sent ths
following to Senator Perkins:
The bill Introduced by Congressman Dick,
giving Jurisdiction to the United States Su
preme Court from decisions of the Secretary
of the Interior In oil lands, will disastrously
affect petroleum miners of this State. The oil
men are thoroughly alarmed, and desire either
the defeat or postponement of the measure
until tney can be heard. . I am conversant with
all the facts and would earnestly invite your
co-operation. Will you further kindly tele
graph me the status of the matter and in what
direction efforts may be directed? :
Senator Perkins answered Collector
Stratton that the bill, having already
passed the House, was before the sub-
Judiciary Committee, of which Senator
McComas is chairman, and that McComas
looks at the measure with favor.
The California Miners' Association tele
graphed to Senators Bard and Perkins
that the bill introduced by Dick is mani
festly contrary to the established prac
tice of the Government and la held here
to be solely in the interest of an organ
ized scheme to acquire mineral lands un
der the lieu land law passed for an en
tirely different purpose. Also it was set
forth that nothing more disastrous- could
happen to the interests of mining than
the- passage of the Dick bill, and it was
urged that nothing should be left undone
to defeat the measure.
The California Petroleum Miners' As.
Eociatlon sent the following telegram,
which was signed by President de Young
and Secretary Deane, to Senator Perkins:
Scrippers' bill that has passed the House and
now Is by the Senate referred to the Judiciary
Committee should be defeated. The people here
are much excited and depend on* you. ¦
There Is evidently a great deal of work
for the oil men to do. They are making
plans to have the entire matter brought
in a. full and satisfactory way to the
Senate committee that ¦ has the Dick bill
before It.
Cashier of Simpson Lumber
Company Fires a Ball
Into His Brain.
Peril Is Found, However, in
Measure Now Before
the Senate.
Washington Court Rules
Against Contention
of Scrippers.
Because He Owes Money
William F. Rogers -
Kills Himself.
BRUSHES HIS
WORRY ASIDE
WITH BULLET
OIL MINERS
HAVE A DAY
OF VICTORY
THE SAN FBANCISCOj CALL, THUBSDAY, JUNE 26, 1902
Saracco Is Acquitted.
12
; Women's
Wrapper Sale,
To-day, -.' 7Oc for "Women's 51.00
"WRAPPERS.. .
To-day, f)Oc . for "Women's $1.25
WRAPPERS.
/ To-day, 91.15 for Women'a ?1.50
WRAPPERS.;.
They're mada of best Calico and Per-
cale. . New aatterns, prettily trimmed
with " fancy braid or embroidered In-
sertion; Spanish flounce: -lined to
I waist; perfect fitting; all sizes. * '"
•° : •¦.... " — o
Women's Overskirts."
SPECIAL.
?51 1^1 For : $1.75 OVERSKIRTS;
C»»lU your -choice of these styl-
ish skirts, lii Linen or Navy Blue or
Black Polka: Dot Duck or White
' Pique; graceful flare flounce: all sizes.
O ; o
Children's Dresses, f
»A11 Sizes.
QK/-» To-day for -50c Zephyr
%>*J\* ;. DRESSES; lapels over should-
ers; trimmed with fancy braid.
RQ r To-day for 75c FRENCH
O*7V CHAMBRAT DRESSES;
made ywlth slashed bret;lles;: trim-
ming: of Linen Torchon Lace. .
The good assortment, styles • and '
prices. of CHILDREN'S DRESSES on
i display to-day will please you. j
QO r For jaunty $1.50 LINEN
wOO SAILOR SUITS: trimmed
with Navy Blue Pique; large stylish I
sailor collar and tie.
t- — — — - — r- ©
Boys' Blouses, J
1Q/-» Is the Drice TO-DAT"for
IOW Boys' 35c - STRIPED PER-
CALE BLOUSES; front aailor collar
and turnover cuffs edged with ruffles ;
good serviceable colors; all sizes. ¦
6 1: -o
WATCH FOR OUR REMOVAL SALE.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
¦ Between .Taylor, and Jones. •.
STORE CLOSES AT 6 O'CLOCK.
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY
RANCH EGGS, dozen 20o
The very choicest: resularly 25c
CBEAMERY BUTTER, square.. .35e
Fancy quality; elsewhere 40c
SPICED MOLASSES DROPS. lb-lOc
Made by National Biscuit Co.: very de-
licious; regularly. 15c.
KONA COFFEE. poTnxd.-.v.........2Oc
*rom Captain Coot's plantation: nnest
grown; roasted and ground; resularly 25c.
GRAPE-NTJTS. 2 uackajres -25c.
A brain and nerve rood: regularly 13c »
package. \
R0YAN SARDINES. 2 -tins 25a
French sardines In olive oil. with truffle
and pickle: reeularly 15c a tin
CINGER ALB. dozen rSc
Imperial brand: a delicious summer bev
: erase; regularly $1.00.
BABY PXM-OLAS. 3 bottles 50i?
u^rfy 2 S 0c ff a d boTt£ iWm ™*™' **'
LTJCCA OLIVE OIL. bottle 5Oc
Pure imported Italian OIIvb Oil; resularly
O. K. WHISKY. 75c: 3 bottlea.S2.OO
We recommend our O. K. Bourbon tor pur-
wSin^OOnSle^^^^ *••
CATAI/OCTCIJ TKESL , .! y
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5SS3.
« ' o
Live in a Trunk?
Yes— if you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any dealer or apply to
J. MARTY, ManfV,
826 Howard St., S. F.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline* Water*
220 BROADWAY. W. T.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN,
Counselop-at-Lnw
H" £ • Court. Registered Attorney
U. S. Patent Office.. United States and For-
eign Patents. Caveats. Trade Marks mid
. Copyrights.
No. TOO Yth Street, N. W.
Opp. U. S. Patent Office.^ ashifigton, D.C.
•^ftSSte^, BEWARE o' impostors. THE
GENUINE Mayerlea Glasse.-C
jAgSjEJg, cannot be had from traveling
-Vft^a.y| J-» opticians, !mt must n" 1 orcierc 1
W»«Pa^<* DIRECT from ths ORIGINAL
•*;t»W^ GEORGE MAYERLE, 1071 Mar-
ket street, near 7th (opposite Hi-
bernta Bank). None GENUTNK
¦without Mayerle's trademark (an Eye with »
Crown) and the full name. "G«ora» UfmtU."
German Eyewater ' 50a.
|«09coQo»o©©ooooss©ooooooeGooo©ooeooo©cooooooeoooooeoo<5000coooocoo3
\ The Most Astounding: Sale That Ever Has Taken Place in San j
! Francisco. Superior Garments to Be Closed Out at Less Than j
! HALF PRICE. Styles All This Season's Productions. NO;
I DISAPPOINTMENT. Bargains in Every Sense of the Word.
I WE MEAN EXACTLY WHAT WE ADVERTISE-
! JACKETS. I SKIRTS.
\ $6.oo BLACK ETONS at' $3.45" $2.00 LINED VENETIAN SKIRTS at.... 03c «
1 $xo.oo CORDUROY BLOUSES at.. $3.95 $1.75 GRAY AND NAVY SKIRTS at 75c;
* $12.50 VELVET BLOUSES at (....$3.95 $.350 ALL-WOOL HOMESPUN SKIRTS...-
J $10.00 27-inch MOIRE JACKETS at $4.95 ! $1.45 '
, $12.00 MOIRE, BLOUSES at -.$7.05 $3.50 BLACK CAMEL'S HAIR SKIRTS. -!
> $12.00 50-inch LONG COATS at $4.95 trimmed $1.05 1
, $3.50 SILK MOREEN PETTICOATS $1.45 $4.00 BLACK VENETIAN SKIRTS, trimmed
> $5.00 SILK MOREEN PETTICOATS $2.45 \ $2.45
( WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS, trimmed and plain, $5.00 FANCY TRIMMED SKIRTS at.r. 92-05 '
> worth $i.oo f $1.50 and $2.50, to close at $ I2 .oo FINE BROADCLOTH SKIRTS, ele- ? -\
> :•••• 35c, 45c and 75c gantly trimmed, at $6.95
> CAPES. TREMENDOUS CUT IN SILK SKIRTS. J
I $2.50 BLACK CHEVIOT CAPES at 95c CI1|TC \
I $5-00 SILK-LINED NOVELTY CAPES at... $2.95 OUI 1 ©. ,
I $5.00 FANCY TRIMMED CLOTH CAPES $1.95 $8-50 TAILOR SUITS to close out at $3.95.
> $10.00 SILK-LIN*ED KERSEY CAPES $4.95 $10.00 and $12.00 SUITS at ........' $4.95 ]
! oie w^ $>S-OO TRIMMED SUITS at $6.05,
I feILK PETTICOATS $17.50 SUITS to close out at $S.45 •
> At $2.95, $3.95 and $4.95, worth more than $2500 NOVELTY SUITS at $12.95,
[ double. $27.50 SILK-UNED SUITS at $14.95 <
I SALE COMMENCES AT 9 A. M. $
[ SALESLADIES WANTED. APPLY BETWEEN 8 AND 9 A.M. :!
;'123Orl2;32-123-4. MARKET ST. |
>»oocooga9eooeaQo»aooocceQeooaosa$oooco«oo#oooeooee«>Q«eoasc»oooooe+ ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"¦=•04, .-.-_ T^cfii^-r^ -1-
Leggings 35c
Let us again remind you that these
special-sale goods are selected from
our regular stock; they are not odds
and ends, but are this season's most
up-to-date styles. The prices arc re-
duced for. two days — Thursday and
Friday— the sale-is over Friday at 6
o'clock, and on Saturday you ' will
have to pay. the regular price if you
want any of the shoes.
MORE LEGGINGS — Just received our sec-
ond lot of canvas leggings, In assorted
colors, lace or button styles, like picture:
It's a great special for Thursday and
Friday .35c
INFANTS* AND CHILDREN'S KID BUT-
; TON SHOES — Special for Thursday and
Friday:
Sizes. 2 to X>V- (Infants)..... 40c
Sizes 5 to 8 '(spring heels).. 6Oc*
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' KID LACE
SHOES— With patent, leather tips and
full toes; an elegant looking and splendid
•wearing shoe; we recommend them. Spe-
cial for Thursday and Friday: .
Sizes 6 to 8... ?1.2O
Sizes 8% to 11 ....... $1.-IO
Stzes 11%. to 2 ?1.SO
LADIES' FINE KID - OXFORDS— "With
French' heels and hand-turned soles; a
very neat, low shoe. Special for Thurs-
day and Friday only. $2.15
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER LACE
SHOES— With J cloth tops and French
heels: a. very pretty shoe for dress. Spe-
cial for Thursday and Friday only. $3.15
.YOUTHS' AND BOYS' VICI KID LACE
! SHOES — Soft tops and stout soles: dressy
' and durable: every pair guaranteed.
Special for Thursday and Friday, only:
Sizes 9 to 13. $1.4O
Sires 13% to 2.. .. ... ....f 1.O5
. Sizes 2% to 5% $1.85
GRAY CANVAS TENNIS SHOES AND
. OXFORDS— With heavy rubber soles.
Special for Thursday and Friday only:
Boys' Sizes, 13 to 5%. ...... ....65c
Men's sizes, 6 to 11..;..... S5c
MEN'S VELOUR CALF OXFORDS —
I -Made from a fine, solf ¦ leather, with ex-
tended soles on a swell last. Special for
Thursday and Friday only $12.05
Country orders filled on the day received.
Write for illustrated • catalogue.
[7~- r
IVa Bl EH! En Br /&Sm13L wSm Bm trJ
iHa wfl 6S EnL Jf E§if Isa v3 r9 e3& Jfir
\ at the "cfo&jno" out
±&ie of fQohlberp'
jStrsawAJs Xr Frohnriaiv.
This is the greatest bargain carnival that has
; been conducted in San Francisco for the past 15
years, and no economical housewife in this \
city or any nearby town can afford to overlook
a saving opportunity of this magnitude. You
can save from 30 to 40 p?r cent on dress goods,
silks, wash goods, domestics, blankets, curtains,
ready-made wear, gloves, laces, etc. Hundreds
of women 'are returning every day to add to .
purchases they made the day before. This is
a fact that proves that the bargains we offer
are bona fide. .
Extra salesfolks here to serve you, extra
packers, extra delivery wagons. Doors open
REMEMBER THAT DRESS GOODS and DOMESTICS
ARE FOR SALE ONLY AT MARKET-STREET STORE—
all other goods for sale at both stores,
/^ToF-109 PgSF^r.
*^ — — ¦ —J
I I will Pay I
§ 50 cents per 100 I
¦\ for any quantity of ||
¦ from £ 1 *"^^^ i HI
si u U &l£ f?fo "9^ €H Wk
m or any retail dealer on the Coast ||
| : | will accept them as cash H
§ Herman Heyneman 1
j 204 Sacramento St., San Francisco If
11 California JJ|