SCENES AT . THE ¦ NAVAL. ! STA
, TION. ESQUIMALT.' IN BRIT-
V.ISH COLUMBIA. - .
Continued on Page Tvro.
: ROME, April 3.— Right" Rev. Sebastian
Messmer, Bishop of Green ¦ Bay.'.Wis., has
declined the. appointment as. Archbishop
of 'Manila on 'the ground of ill health.
The Vatican insists^ that- he shall accept
the office. 1'
As Archbishop of - Manila .
;.;ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 4.— Burlington
train ; No: 13, '; which left this city < at Ml :40
last ;night,;was held up by four masked
men.'-v Nothing 'of value was secured: *At
3 o'clock this morning a special' train with
police officers^and - railroad j officials left
for the scene of the robbery.
FOUR" MASKED , MEN ,y ;
,.,;v .=. : X ¦ - , . , ,-• HOLD; ;.TJP A '¦ TBAIN
WASHINGTON*. April 3.— General Leon
ard Wood, military governor of Cuba.
has Informed the War Department that
he will pardon Lieutenant Oscar Durfc-e,
now in prison in Cuba, to ta.ke effect on
the 7th inst. Lieutenat Durfee is serving
a ten-year sentence for an alleged defal
cation of 51000. • :. -
Wood Will Pardon Durfee.
*, Governor Toole this afternoon positively
refused' for 'the last time . to interfere in
behalf - of tho condemned ¦ man. ' Dotson
'gives every indication of going to the gal
lows'without fear. His body wlir be
buried \- alongsldeV of his " companion iii
crime,; Fleming.
¦.; DEER LODGE, Mont., April-,^Clinton,
Dotson, .. known as . "the unnatural son"
and. a life convict in the State Peniten
tiary, to-morrow forenoon at; 11 !' o'clock
will be ; hanged for plotting agalnst^the
life of his father, in order to secure his
release, from prison. James Fleming, his
cellmate, was executed last September for
his part . in the- bloody crime.^Fleming, is
supposed I to /have killed -Dotson's father
upon being released from the penitentiary.
for Plotting Against His
Father's Life. '
Clinton Dotson to; Be Hanged To-Day
UNNATmiAL;"; SON .WILL
PAY? THE DEATH PENALTY
•'Just; what; happened to him. on a
frosty ' night 'when he ventured too close
to the British" sentinels at the dockyard
Semlin ! d6es;riot pretend' to know.: But'
next day the man" from San * Francisco
who had come". north- for, the^purposebf
converting . tttie .' British ''fortifications
into ¦ a "mass 'of debris : marched meekly
between two -of 'his Majesty's: marines
down to : the outer ; .wharf, 'where he ; was
furnished* with. a; second class ticket and
enough -money 'to_ last him to 'within'
sight of the .Golden . Gate. ,Th e • sergeant.
Svhohad beenjmaking a'good fello'wof
his San /Frariciscpi : friend -among £ his
beerrlovirig, comrades, ; bade'.; the dyna
miter a sad but ; affectionate ]. farewell,
tellirig hini that'any time he had a few-
McDermott never, suspected' that he
was drawn 'into; a .riet and that- his plan
was known' to ithe Admiralty authori
ties. He! chafed, uncler: the delay that
his . : new. ; found: brother and
friend imposed. • Renvicker seems to
have suspected the .fact 'that their
scheme was known," for he suddenly dis-'
appeared.', arid the officials were, glad; to
be rid of him. Then' they lost no, time
in disposing of- the Esquimalt V career ,'of
McDermott. - " \ ¦¦'•':¦:"-;'¦ ¦'¦^ i - ¦
by and by McDermott had. so far-con-,
verted him that the -, British, sergeant
was willing to assist in the blowing; up
of the forts. '• McDermott; even' went' so
far, as to ; propose '"that, they should get
rid of Renvicker, leave him to j bear *he
blame and: themselves to. double across
the straits, when ' the destruction was ac
complished. ' , \\t . '•¦ ¦¦'['¦
Local Consul Gives
Warning to the
Officials.
". Clyde ' Felti a sixteen-year-old boy, late
to-night made a\ statement to the police
that Collins, who seems to have exercised
a*. hypnotic Influence over the. boy, after
; removing;;.; his.-' clothing crawled into the
.cave and cut his throat with a razor. Be
fore entering the , cave ' the . old man ex
acted a promise from young Felt that he
would hide the-, razor and clothingr and
¦wall up the mouth of the cave with rocks.
SALT: LAKE CITY, April 3.-The.mys
tery, of the death ' of . Samuel Collins, the
old man .found idead in a', cave In the
mountains near this' city ' Sunday after
noon/ has been solved.- •.. ; . :
Who Was Found Dead in a Cave
Killed Himself.
Police Learn That Samuel Collins
MYSTERY OF THE DEATH
OF AGED MAN IS SOLVED
. FormeriPremier Semlin ;said that, was
the last he heard of the plot. His state
ment" to-day was" the first that -has been
made public "of; the affair.
British' battleships* to "s'ihk'he 'could find
a ready.- list! for* his plans by writing to
Esquinialt. . : . '
. This. sergeant belonged to one of, the
infantry regiments stationed at the fort
and. Was an experienced detective. He
made the acquaintance "of the two
sightseers from San Francisco and, went
to the forts to' see the' big guns and en
tirely won their confidence. He also, by
stealth 'becariie imbued - with X the - : same
feeling of hatred against the. British; and
The two dynamiters then took a train
to Vancouver, and were again followed
by. the detectives. They stayed here for
one day and then proceeded to Victoria,
from which city they could ¦ operate
against^Esquimalt, which is a couple of
miles out of town. In Victoria the two
detectives gave up most of their watch
ing to, the- tender, care of a; sergeant,
whose name Mr.' Semlin never .heard,
but who appears to have been too sharp
even for the wily ways of the Glah-Na-
Gael. . ¦¦¦-_. .
SERGEANT^ WOULD "KEEP.?' \
The two men came ' directly through
to Seattle, where they spent a couple of
days. . They made small purchases in the
stores, visited many people and gave the
detectives a -warm time in watching
them. While there was no definite as
surance of this possible to.be gained at
the time, it was afterward clearly learned
that, they made arrangements to secure
an amount of high explosives in Seattle'
and from there would take it to Vic
toria.
He was Justine man for the job," silent,
stealthy and apparently with plenty of
nerve. ¦,;. . >: •
DETECTIVES ON TRAIL.
The men were supplied- with- fu-nds
and started on their journey^ to the
north by a Southern Pacific train from
Oakland. During the time occupied in
making the arrangements the British
authorities had been busy. Not. only
did they guard in every possible way
against an unforeseen stroke, but they
prepared'; to systematically watch the
two men 'who wereto travel north from
San Francisco. :¦
So it came about that a detective era-;
ployed, by-"the British Consul .accom
panied the two men from the Golden
Gate city, to Portland, and there he
handed over his interest to two northern
detectives, who were well up in the
location and environment of all : the
neighborhood of Victoria and Esqui
malt. .
Secret Agents Sent
to Blow Up the
Navy=Yard. \
Confession Is Made
to an Astute
Sergeant.
Irishmen who are -prominent in the
local patriotic" societies when seen last
night' in legard to "the alleged attempt
to ¦ blow* up Esquimalt emphatically de
nied that there ever was a branch of the
Clan-Na-Gael in this city. .They also
stated that they knew of no Irishmen
of ¦¦ the , names mentioned in the Van
couver dispatch who could possibly be
implicated in any plot;against the Brit
ish/naval station.; Ifsucha society ever
had its existence in this city or on the
Pacific Coast, according to , the local
Irish leaders, it must have been com
posed of a very few of the most radical
haters of England who had no standing
am6ng the Irish people.
.V: Joseph P. Kelleher of the . Ancient
ijDrder of Hibernians stated that he had
never heard of such a society existing in
this city. He said that he knew of many
patriotic Irish societies, but he knew
nothing of the Clan-Na-Gael.
. "That I cannot do," was " the reply,
"but they were prominent men. I was
not stationed in San Francisco at the
time and am not conversant .with all the
details of the affair. I can only say the
plot was; concocted here, and I cannot
give any information as to how the de
tails were secured by - the consulate.
The phrase 'from information received'
will cover it. The only thine new in
the affair at this time is that the details
should be "made public in British Co
lumbia." - /. .
. "Are you at, liberty to give the names
of any menwho were connected with
the society you mention?" was asked of
the Consul General. '
"This matter is not new." said Consul
General Bennett, "and the British Gov
ernment quickly frustrated the inten
tions of the plotters. Of course I can
not say how the information came to the
knowledge . of my predecessor in of
fice. It would not be .wise to mention
any names. It was the work of a society
affiliated" with . Fenian organizations."
When seen last evening Consul Gen
eral: Bennett stated - that the plot was
discovered during-'the tenure of office of
.his. predecessor, ¦ the late W. Clayton
Pickersgill, who informed the Governor
General of "Canada. * • •
Vancouver, B.C.. as to the
frustration of a plot,"hatched in this city,
to destroy the 'forts and dockyards of
Esquimalt, B.C. '.':.
S^y OURTENAY WALTER
g BENNETT, the . British
fi ,^ # Consul General, last evening
*^jgj0r confirmed the news sent from
A number of ' inflammatory speeches
were made, and it \yas beinii decided
that they should all draw, lots for the
honor of sharing in 1 die "glory of the
fight against' England when Rehvicker
stepped forward and offered himself,
' . ¦:' :- : : ¦' ' ': ' :":¦' ¦.'¦:-
The information communicated by the
Consul at San; Francisco' was that a
meeting of the Clan-Na-Gael had : been
held there at which means were dis
cussed of how to aid the Boers in their
war against Great Britain. When the
meeting was called at first there was no
intention to suggest the ; use of force;
but McDermott, who was present, of
fered togo to Esquimalt and attempt a
body blow by dynamiting as much as
possible of the forts and the navy docks
there, He asked for the naming of a
companion to assist him in the deed.
The first information received by the
British Columbia Government was from
the Governor General, the Earl of Min
to. The latter had been advised official
ly by the British, Consul at San Fran
cisco. Premier Semlin sent .word to
Admiral Beaumont, who was ' at that
time in charge of Esquimalt and com
mandant of the North Pacific squad
ron. The two consulted, and that even
ing the commanding officer issued an
order that the guards on the forts and
the navy-yard should be doubled and
only the most trusted men should be de
tailed for duty. : ; ' ¦'.V' "¦
CONSUL UNCOVERS PLOT.
The -whole "plot occurred at the.be
ginning of i960, when Semlin was
Premier, and he was officially interested
in all .the arrangements made '- to frus
trate the plans. Two men Were sent
from San Francisco for- the purpose of
carrying out the blowing up of the
docks. Their names, as learned by the
British Consul at San Francisco. - were
Denny McDermott and Albert Ren
vicker, the former an Irishman and the
latter a native of Belgium. . . -vxV
In an interview the ex-Premier told
of the frustration of a plan to blow up
the big. navy docks and if possible the
fortress of Esquimalt. The entire plan
was arranged in San'Francisco by mem
bers of the Clan-Na-Gael. Its fortunate
discovery by agents of the British Con
sul in the Golden City caused the fail
ure of the scheme, '-but the arrange
ments were carried out as.far as possible
even on British soil until the British au
thorities interfered. Until to-day the
plot and its"discover3 f were kept secret.
of the most daring arid start
ling plots against the • British Govern
ment that has been conceived in late
years in America.
W T'ANCOUVER.B. C, April
H / 3. — Former Premier Charles
WL/ A. Semlin to-day made public
r the details of: the plan of one
Extraordinary Story
Confirmed in •
This City.
Gigantic Conspiracy
Hatched in San
Francisco.
Whatever President Loerring did must
be taken as having been done in hl3 pri
vate capacity, as he had no power to act
without; the approval of his colleagues,
and when they heard of what had been
done they did not approve. Anyhow, Cap
tain Christmas started off for Washing
ton with a certain letter from President
Loerring, and claiming to rep&sent Den
mark. He was bound to come across
Gron, and the pot and the kettle met and
collided.
OPPOSITION TO SALE.
Captain Christmas was forced to re
veal his business. Gron was indignant.
He was then conducting his business
through H. H. Rogers of the Standard
Oil Company. Gron had had* a letter to
•Rogers from a Danish capitalist named
Hagemann.- Captain Christmas had an
exactly similar letter of recommendation.
The entire upper house, in secret com
mittee, held a sitting to-day on the Dani
ish Antilles >ale. Several fanatical
speeches formed Its feature, all wildly op
posing the transaction. .
Dr. Duentzer, Prime Minister, appealed
for support of the sale on economical and
practical ground. Then Peter3en. a -rich
man., who sent Gron over, to the United
States to start up the scandal, Indulged in
an impassioned tirade against the sale. To
avoid the sale, he . says, he would sacri
fice his entire vast fortune.
BECOMES A FABCE.
CALL BUREAU, "1406 G STREET^ N.
W., WASHINGTON. April 3.— If the graVe
members of the" Danish 'Landsthlng, who
are thinking of rejecting the treaty for
the sale of the Danish West Indies, be
cause Neils Gron brought to the attention
of Representative Richardson the docu
ment written by Captain ' Christmas,
claiming that he had bribed the American
Congress, could have heard the testimony
to-day they must have laughed, even
though they have no sense of humor.
The proceedings before the special In-
sale'ot^tSe'Danlsh "NTest Indies.. There \&
no cash to be had "from here for the al
leged * "oiling -et palms" . of. commltteemen
in Washington, and the suggestion madu
by Richardson is received by the Danes
Tvith angry ; comment. For reasons of
sound, political economy Dr. Duentzer,
President of the Council of Ministers and
Minister of Foreign AfTalrs, obtained the
assent of the representatives of the Dan
ish people to the sale of the three islands.
'HAS A BAD BECOBD.
The upper house has not yet sanctioned
the vote of the lower, as is necessary,
and will only do so by a meager majority,
but the Minister of Foreign Affairs has
nevertheless signed the treaty with the
United - States. Mr. Loerring. President
of the Council, was anxious to see the
sale arranged. He showed himself Indis
creet, or at all events was won over by
Captain Christmas, who is a very shrewd
and clever man. Thus the latter obtained
certain letters from the Premier. Tho
new President, Loerring, had no power
in the matter. It concerned the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, but to go to the latter
would not have suited Captain Christmas,
because the Minister of Foreign Affairs
had been Minister of Marine at' a tlma
when Captain Christmas .had been tried
by court-martial and dismissed from tho
Danish navy for being concerned in trou
bles in Slam and misrepresenting French
naval action and other things. Gron had
received 6000 kronen. Captain Christmas
was not so lucky, yet from, a private per
son Interested in the sale he managed to
get 5000 kronen.
COPENHAGEN, April 3.— Behind th«
negotiations which have marked the sug
gested sale of the Danish West Indies to
the United States there lies a tale which
must interest every politician and diplo
mat. The moral of that * tale is that
statesmen and politicians cannot be too
careful in the choice of those with whom
they enter into relations. Whether theso
islands will ever become American nov
is a matter of doubt, but that such is
the case, that such doubt exists, is mere
ly owing to the indignation aroused by
the intervention of certain unauthorized
agents in a matter of international inter
est.
There Is no question here of any per
centage^ being paid to any agent for, tha
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"There will be no adjournment resolu
tion passed in the House until the river
&nd harbor bill passes the Senate. That
kind of a game will not work this year.
The river and harbor bill has too many
sincere friends In the House- to submit
to the measure being sacrificed in that
way. 'It has been three years- since a
general river and harbor bills was
passed, and the bill which the House has
Bent to the Senate is a fair and reasonable
measure. We don't intend to be fright
ened by any threats the Senate may
make. It requires the consent of the
House to adopt a resolution to adjourn,
and members of the House who are in
terested in -the river and harbor bill stand
ready to withhold their votes from such a
resolution until the rtver and harbor bill
is passed, even If we ha\-e to remain in
cession until next winter."
Representative Alexander of New York,
a member of the Rivers and Harbors
Committee, said to-day:
GAME MAY NOT WORK.
committee pointedly ask that if the ob
ject is to stimulate a fast mail service,
•why is it that the postal subsidies are
limited to ships of twenty knots, when
they could be extended Just as well to
snips of twenty-two, twenty-three and
even twenty-four knots, which speed Js
now attained by mail-carrying • vessels
flying the flags of foreign countries?
One of the principal objections to the
bill as it came from the" Senate, offered
by the Republican opponents in the com
mittee, is that in the matter of benefits
its operations would be limited to a very
few. Some of the Republicans of the
A leading Democrat of the committee
said to-day that the minority would act
as a unit in opposing a report of the bill,
unless possibly McDermott of New Jer
sey should vote with Its friends. In this
case there would be five Democrats op
posed to the bill to add to Representatives
Minor, Stevens, Jones and Fordney, who
are known to be against the Frye bill In
its present form. Two Republicans. Rep
resentatives Greene and Wachter, are as
yet undecided, but if It was made a party
Question would, of course, vote for the
bill. x i ,?,'*."•' •;"-¦¦-
There are only five members of the
House committee who are In earnest in
their efforts to get a favorable report of
the shipping bilL These are Representa
tives Grosvenor. Hopkins, Young. Vree
land and Littlefield. all Republicans.
Senator Allison said to-day that what
ever might be the order of business
planned by the steering committee It
would include consideration of the canal
bill at the rresent session.
CANAL BILL FIRST.
It is doubtful, however, whether the
chip subsidy Senators will go so far as to
attempt to prevent consideration of the
canal bill.
The canal and river and harbor bills
have passed the House and are pending
In the Senate; the shipping bill has passed
the Senate and is pending in the House.
The situation between the two branches
is very^. Jnuch _ strained, and should ine
prtseat feeling continue all three of these
tills would be likely to fail of final pas
sage.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON', ; April 3.—Considera
tion of the ship subsidy bill in the House
Committee on Merchant Marine and Fisn
e-ries was to-day postponed until Thurs
day for lack of a quorum. The delay in
bringing- the measure forward in the
House and the growing sentiment there
against consideration during the present
session has caused genuine alarm among
the Senate advocates of the bill. It was
reported on good authority in the House
wing of the Capitol that Senators inter
ested in the bill had given a strong hint
that unless there is a special subsidy bill
passed In the House there will be no
isthmian canal nor river and harbor bill
passed by this Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Opposition That Will
Delay Canal and
Harbor Bills.
Investigation of the
Charges Becomes
a Farce.
Senators Give Strong
Hints on Ship
Subsidy.
(( Agents."
Indignation Aroused
by Unauthorized
Meddlers Likely io
Defeat Sale of
Islands.
Discord in Congress
May Block Needed
Legislation.
TRANSFER
MAY NOT
BE MADE
BATTLE
OF TWO
HOUSES
on the cruiser Leandcr. All officers were summoned to their ships and posts, and the torpedo-boat destroyer : Virago [ : zvas j . sent .out to sea on patrol duty: At the forts double guards were mounted, all the guns zvcre manned and no>
one was allowed to approach without the countersign. Steam launches patrolled the harbor and challenged smallibbats, while steamers were forced to zvhistle their approach or stand the risk of being fired on. Courtenay Walter Bennett, British
Consul General in San Francisco, last evening confirmed the statements contained in ihe dispatches, from Vancouver. ' •.; V
ARTICULARS of the frustration of a dastardly pldt to blowup the forts and dockyards situated at Esquimalt, , Bjitjsh^Cohimbia, were yesterday made public by Charles A. Semlin, ex-Premier of 4he province, thus confirming a
U.^Jf story published in TJie Call on January '20, ippo. The information published at that time told of considerable excitement existing in Esquimalt and strict precautions taken to prevent some hostile design against the fortifications.
a Captain Fagen, who was in command of the station, had received a cipher message from the British Consul In San;Fraiicisc but it caused a consultation of the captains of warships
BRITISH ACCUSE THE CALN=NA=GAEL
OF A PLOT TO DESTOY ESQUIMALT
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, APRIL 4j 1902^
PRICE "fI^E^
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCI— XO. 125.FOUR OF THE HOTELS DESTROYED AT ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., BY A CONFLAGRATION THAT RAGED FOR
. FIVE HOURS YESTERDAY AT THAT- NOTED SEASIDE RESORT -AND CAUSED A PROPERTY LOSS OF
SEVEN HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS. ¦'¦:-¦ '-</3 ;,
TACOMA, April 3.— For several days the
general hospital at Aberdeen has been
the scene of a peculiar strike. The en
tire corps of nurses early this week re
fused longer to perform their duties ow
ing to the presence In the hospital of a
consumptive patient. They declare that
they were not engaged to nurse consump
tives and would not run the risk of en
dangering their own lives and those ot
other patients. / >
Nurses Go on a Strike.
The incident caused quite a sensation In
view of M. Hanotaux's prominent posi
tion. ¦.";
She then struck M. Hanotaux in the
face with her reticule. A police commis
sary seized her and placed his hand over
her mouth to prevent her from saying
more. The woman was taken to a police
depot, where she was interrogated and re
leased at the request of her parents.
PARIS. April 3.— There was a scandal
ous incident at the opening session of the
National Geographical Congress at Oran.
Algeria. As M. Hanotaux, the former
Minister of Foreign Affairs, who presided,
delivered the inaugural address and dis
tributed a number of decorations, was
leaving the hall, accompanied by the local
officials, a young woman clutched his arm
and said something in an undertone.- M.
Hanotaux replied audibly: "You can do
whatever you' please." The woman there
upon threw a purse in his face, crying at
the same time: "You are a coward and
a wretch. You ruined nay life."
gerian Minister of Foreign
Affairs.
Makes an Assault on the Former Al-
WOMAN CREATES SENSATION
AT GEOGRAPHICAL CONGRESS
The convention adjourned sine die after
resolutions of regret at the death of
former Governor Waite of Colorado had
been adopted. ¦'-¦.•'.'.
The plank on money in the platform
adopted favors scientific money based up
on the entire wealth of the people of the
nation and not redeemable in any specific
commodity, but to be legal tender for all
debts, public; and private, and to be issued
by the Government only and without the
Intervention of banks, sufficient in quan
tity to meet the requirements of com
merce.
The differences between the platform
committee are very slight. In the plat
form adopted the demand for 'Initiative
and referendum is found in both the pre
amble and platform. .
The . basis of representation will be five
delegates at large from every State and
Territory and one additional delegate for
every thousand voters, based on the vote
at the preceding national election.
The national v committee will be com
posed of three members from each State
and Territory and an executive committee
of reven will be selected from the country
at 'large every four years at a national
convention.
Under the plan of organization adopted
the national committee of the People's
party, with Joseph A. Parker as its chair
man, will remain intact, with the addition,
of three more members from Missouri,
who will have half a vote each, until
the next national convention, this being
a concession -to the reform forces of that
State. This committee will have power
to call a national' convention and its head
quarters will be situated wherever the
chairman desires, except three months be
fore an election, when they will be In St.
Louis.
The convention was practically dom
inated .by the People's party. At times
discussions of a lively nature took place,
and for a while it seemec as though the
movement ¦ was about to fail, owing to
unwillingness of a number of the People's
party delegates to make any concessions
to the other reform forces present.
While the People's party, the Fusion
Populists, the Socialists, the Referendum
League, the Union Labor party, Public
Ownership party of St. Louis, the Pro
hibition party and the United Christian
party were represented on the floor of the
convention by accredited or by volunteer
delegates, only two national * organiza
tions, the People's party and the Public
Ownership party, had given their dele
gates any authority to form an alliance.
It is the hope, however, of the Allied
People's party ihat' other reform forces
must later decide to unite with the new
Organization.
LOUISVILLE, April 3.— Under the name
of the Allied People's party of the United
States a "new political organization was
formed here to-day, composed of reform
elements opposed to the Democratic and
Republican partfcs. The platform of the
new organization embodies the platform
adopted at the conference held at Kansas
City last September, when a. call for a
convention was Issued ; to ."unjte the re
form forces against plutocracy." It re
affirms the declaration of principles
adopted at the national conventions of
the People's party In St. Louis, Omaha
and Cincinnati. The demand for the in
itiative and referendum and the govern
ment ownership of all public utilities are
its principal plans.
Platform Affirms Declara
' tions of Conventions of
/ the Populists.
Alleged Reform Ele
ments Form a New
' Organization.
PLAT TO OPPOSE
THE OLD PARTIES
FIRE CUTS A WIDE SWATH ALONG
BEAGH FRONT OF A FAMOUS RESORT
Twelve Hotels and More Than a Score of Small Buildings
I Adjoining the |^ar3|;^alr>^t:i : Atlantic Gity Are De
stroyed and the Loss Amounts to Nearly* a Million
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIIi 4, 1902.
•WASHINGTON, April 3.— Postmasters
commissioned: Oregon — James D. Pirtie,
Mabel. Washington— Lawrence A; Inkster
Davenport; Edward H. Bradbury, Clyde
Appointed: California— N. A. Trewblood'
Probert, Tehama County, vice T. L*
Brook, resigned.
-These pensions were granted to-day
.r California: Original— John McLeod Lou
Angeles, $8. Increase— Charles'. P. V
Watson, Los Angeles,, $12; John G. Par
ish, Long Beach, $10; v Silas Smith, San
Francisco, $10: Manley . H. WIlcox, * Los
Angeles, $10; Edgar B. Hugheson, Fres
no,-$12. Widows— Alice O. Young, » San
Francisco. $8; Johanna M. Foster, Sallnai.
18: Celia Smith. Palo Alto, $8. «'
-¦ Oregon: Original— John W. Hemsworth.
Portland, $6; Oliver P. McLaughlln. Sheri
dan, $6; Joseph T. Ross, Portland, $6; Val
entine Adams, Gresham, $6.
Washington— John C. Spencer, South
Park, $12; Samuel L. Myers, North
port, $10. ¦ '^-aSPW^QWiSKMMpya /.
Navy orders— Assistant .Surgeon • H. C.
Curl, has been detailed to the Naval Hos
pital at Mare Island, Cal. Assistant Sur
geon M. V. Stone has been detached from
the Naval Hospital at Mare Island and
detalled-to the Constellation naval traiu
lag station, Newport, R. J
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF T?HE PACIFIC COAST
It's the quickest ' way.' to ; get rid '. o£ ' it. ] You
will also find it good for chilblains, . earaohe,
neuralgia, soreness, stiffness and all. skin Irrita
tions. It cures piles. 25c and 50c, at druggists
or by mail. Salva-cea, 274 Canal Bt.,:N; Y.v,
Other victims whose ( losses range from
$5000 to $10,000 are: James A. Brady, bath
house; David John, druggist; ;Nabass&
Zazzar, oriental goods; Halnes,' florist;
Shimamura & Co.,- Japanese : novelties;
Ching Hop Hh>*,. Chinese novelties; John
F. Flett, art store ; - Partridge & Richard-
Use Salva-cea for' Cold in the Head.
The hotels dtstrcyel and thtir estimated
losses are: The • Luray ' and annex, the
latter formerly known as the Norwood,
owned by J. S. White & Son, $125,000; the
New Holland. Mrs. - M. J. .Lee, $30,000;
Stratford, Arnold W. Waldner, ¦ $40,000;
Berkeley, Bew Bros., $50,000; BrynMawr,
J & K.Keefer, $25,000; Stickney, Mrs. L.
V." Stlckney, $20,000; Evard, James TV Gor
man, $20,000; Rio Grande, J. P. Kilpatrick,
$30,000; Mervine, J. E.:Eels, $20,000; Acad
emy Hotel and Academy of Music,'
Charles Frallnger, $25,000; Windsor (part
ly destroyed), G.- Jason Waters, $25,000. - .
Charles W. Keeler, •¦ who ; conducted - a
drugstore' on the boardwalk at Kentucky
avenue, ¦ estimates his loss at $60,000, . and
Victor Freisinger, proprietor of an art
store at, St. James place and the board
walk, says his loss is $50,000. •'.'•¦ . .
Fortunately, no lives were sacrificed,
though probably a dozen persons 'were
sHghtly ' injured and burned ' during " the
progress of the flre. It v/as reported
early in the afternoon that six men had
perished in the flames, but the rumor
was without foundation. The origin of
the flre is unknown, but it Is said to have
started in either Brafly's; baths or the,
Tarlton Hotel, which adjoins the baths
at Illinois avenue'and the boardwalk. The
city to-night is i guarded by a company
of mllltla, which was requested by the
municipal authorities to aid the police in
the prevention of looting. , About a dozen
men were arre3ted during the day for rob
f Estimates of Losses.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., April 3.—
Twelve hotels and . more than a
score of small .buildings adjoin
ing the boardwalk, which is built
along the ocean' edge, ' were de
stroyed to-day by a flre which swept the
beach front for two long blocks from Illi
nois avenue to New York avenue. The
loss, it is believed, will exceed $750,000. In
this respect the conflagration is the moat
disastrous, that has ever visited this city.
The loss will be only partially covered by
Insurance, as the rate of 5 per cent
charged by insurance companies on prop-;,
-erty here is regarded as almost prohibi
tive. .
: Charles Frallnger, ] proprietor; of -¦ the
Academy of Music and a drugstore in the
building, to-night; said-he was the heav
iest individual loser, by the fire. He places
his loss at, upward of $125,000, and; said he
" : i '.-.'IT - : ' :.-¦' '. ¦ ¦'¦ : - :;: *".- ' .< ' --, ' '¦¦:'. .". .' .' ;
During the progress of the flre the wild
est excitement preva lad among the-guests
of r the hotels, which later ; became prey
to the flames. With the exception : of the
Tarlton and Uhe-Bryn Mawr all of the
hostelries 5 were ; open for the season and
most of them were fairly well filled.- In
most cases the guests , had : sufficient time
to pack their trunks and grips; andithose
who did not do this carried -their personal
effects ; to ; places ~, of • safety .? In ,the ¦; be3t ;
manner; possible. under | the circumstances. ,
,The 'beach appeared < to be • the ; most suit
able; depository, £ and > many > nondescript
heap's': of clothing, bedding and furniture
appeared ; in ; the • sand.
Excitement Among 1 Guests.
The fire was discovered shortly after 9
o'clock this morning, and for nearly five
hours the flames raged with such violence |
as- to threaten the city with destruction.
All of the burned; buildings were frame
structures, and -the flames, fanned by .a
strong west wind, swept along the beach
front with amazing rapidity. : The Tarlton
was soon a pile of smoldering debris, and
the • flames fed on the small stores and
booths between Illinois and Kentucky
avenues until they reached the Stratford
Hotel, which was soon enveloped. The
flery tongues leaped to the Berkeley, ad
joining, and in a" few minutes the New,
Holland, 1 , the' BrynMawr, the Evard and
the Stlckney, all located on Kentucky
avenue,, near the beach, were doomed.'
The local tire ; department worked well
aitd willingly, but was unable to cope
with the flames, and it was found neces
sary to send to Philadelphia and Camden
for aid.' The former city sent three;en
gines and two came, down from Camden.
The engines 1 were Brought here on two
special trains furnished by the Pennsyl
vania Railroad, and they made the run of
nearly sixty -miles in flfty-flve minutes.
Their presence was of vast assistance to
the, local llrcmen, but it was not until an
hour after their arrival that the flre could
be" said to be . thoroughly under control.
Jusfas the special train bearing the Phil
adelphia firemen arrived a burning brand
set 'flre. to \hG center; of Young's pier,
near Tennessee avenue. Meantime the
flames/had communicated \with .the Rio
1 Grande, the Mervine ¦ and the Academy
hotels and. the Academy of Music,. at the
corner of ; New York • avenue and the
beach.- For. a: few; minutes Young's- pier
burned fiercely, but the liremen succeeded
in confining the flames to Marine Hall,
which was situated' in the center > of the
pier. ¦ ¦,
In addition to the foregoing there were
numerous other smaller booths and sev
eral cottages on minor thoroughfares }n
the rear . of : the boardwalk which were
either partially or entirely destroyed.. !
. _ Flames Rage Five Hours. •
son, millinery and -dry goods; Women's
Exchange; K. P.. Quinn, hairdresser; M.
Moyer. &. Bro., jewelry, and Richard Bin
der, barber - ........ ¦
The measure as passed by the Senate
differs in some respects from that passed
by th«j House. It provides that oleomar
garine and kindred products ehall be sub
ject tcr all the laws and regulations of any
State or Territory or the District of Co
lumbia Into which they are transported,
whether In original packages or other
wise; that any person who sells oleomar
garine and furnishes it for the use of oth
ers, except to his own family, who shall
mix with It any artificial coloring that
causes It to look like butter, shall be held
to be a manufacturer and subject to the
tax prox-lded by existing law; that upon
oleomargarine colored so as to resemble
butter a tax of 10 cents a pound shall be
levied, but upon oleomargarine not'col
ored the tax shall be one-fourth of 1 cent
per pounfc that upon adulterated butter
a tax of B cents a pound ehall be levied
ana upon all process or renovated butter
the tax shall be one-fourth of 1 cent per
pound. The manufacturers of process or
cl renovated or of adulterated butter shall
The discussion was largely in the nature
of a reinforcement of arguments previ
ously advanced. Spooner of Wisconsin
made the principal speech, maintaining
that Congress had ample authority to en
act the proposed legislation because it
was in the interest of the people..' In an
earnest protest against the measure Vest
of Missouri held that Congress was In
vading the powers of the States. Scott
of West Virginia moved to recommit the
measure to the committee, holding that
It was unsatisfactory to many Senators
and ought to be perfected. The motion
was defeated— 35 to 37.
During the afternoon a perfect flood of
telegrams pouced Into the Senate from all
parts of the country urging Senators
either to support or to oppose the meas
ure. - .
"WASHINGTON, April 3.— At the con
clusion of a lively debate to-day the Sen
ate passea the oleomargarine bill by it
vote of 23 to a.
Senate Passes Oleomar
garine Bill by a
Close Vote.
NO CHARGE SUSTAINED.
Christmas wanted Hansen to guarantee
a contract of $50,000 for selling the islands
to one. Richard P. Evans. Christmas in
his wanderincs met C. W. Knox in a
dining-room and told him he had some
islands for sale. Knox said he knew a
man .who knew Senator Hanna. Christ
mas said he would pay Knox $50,000 if he
would sell these Islands. Five dollars was
put up to bind the contract.
On another occasion Christmas in a
«.™°* me n . an v ec £entric newspaper man
named Nelkin Y. Waldberg. He told him
wi,«k e wan , t , ed to se » some islands.
\\aldberg replied that islands were just
In his line. Christmas gav.«' Waldberg
to r $25 US 8UmS ° f money ranging' from $13
It was brouKht out that this was the
f? U / e ». basls for the charge of Christmas
that he had, purchased the Influence of
two press associations.
Senator Lodge admitted that ha had
met Christmas once and frankly told him
that he (Christmas) could do nothing. to
further the sale of the Danish West In
dies and had better go home.
Nearly all of Christmas' conversations
with public men and others were shown
to have occurred in" saloons and on side
walks, and absolutely nothing developed
to show that Christmas had ever prom
ised any public man money or that any
member of Congress had any interest in
the matter whatever. -
pay an annual tax of ?GO0, the wholesale
dealers shall pay a tax of $480 and the
retail dealers a tax of $48 per annum.
The measure provides regulations for
the collection of the tax and prescribes
how the various products are to be pre
pared for market.
None whatever," was the reply.
Carl Fscher Hansen. a lawyer of New
York, said Christmas tried to get him In
terested in the movement to sail the Dan
ish Islands. Hansen called on Abner Mc
iCinley and asked him to become as
sociate counsel. McKinley told him that
he could not be retained in any negotia
tion in which the Government was con-
w ra /$ 'd HanEen sald he requested Colonel
W. C. Brown to ask the President if there
was any intention of buying the Danish
\N est Indies. The President referred
Brown to Secretary Hay. Christmas told
him that he had met President McKinley
and Secretary Hay. He claimed to he on
intimate terms with Senators, and he
we ? t ,v ai ! o £ nd ,_ teIlln S everybody that he
met. that- he had some islands for sale.
Continued from Page One.
yestisating: committee - of the House - to
day became a howling farce. Abner Mc-
Kinley. brother of the late President Mc-
K-lnley, whom Christmas claims to have
employed to get administration help for
,the treaty, to called. ,
,S J ou ever meet Captain Christ
mas?" he was asked.
w'Ti 6 '* 1 m » et hlm once at the Manhattan
Hotel in New York in the most casual
way.
r *^7 a f,. there an y talk of the Danish West
Indies?
PUCES PREMIUM
ON GOOD BUTTER
TRANSFER MAY NOT BE HIDE.' •i
carried but $10,000 insurance.
- The local board of insurance underwrit
ers after a meeting -to-night announced
that the total loss would not exceed. $750,
000, and the loss to -the- insurance compa
nies would be, about $175,CO0.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ID STILL
The Original and Only High-
Grade Piano of Many Tones.
Pommer-Eilsrs Music Co. Se-
cures SftH Another High-
Grade Agency. Carloads of
these Wonderful Pianos to
Arrive in a Few Days.
Sale of Regular S450 Styles
for $286 and the $300
Kinds lor $183 Still Con-
tinues.
Following closely after the large car-
load of the beautitul Hazelton pianos, for
which Pommer-Eilers Music Company re-
cently secured the exclusive representa-
tion, comes now a monster carload snip-
ment of the elegant and tru'.y wonderful
many-toned Crown pianos, for which we
have also just been appointed the exclu-
sive selling agents. The Crown piano is
not unknown to Western music lovers,
and to dwell upon all the claims of su-
periority for the Crown piano at this time
would consume too much space. Suffice it
to say, therefore, that the Crown piano
is the original and only piano of many
tones, It Is the only piano having a prac-
tice clavier, and with this piano one can
reproduce the tones of some twenty dif-
ferent instruments, such as the harp,
zither, guitar, banjo, autoharp, mandolin,
cello, etc. It is a Crown piano at the
Orpheum this week by means of which
Homer Lind is producing Such numerous
truly astonishing tone effects. Don't fail
to see the only piano of many tones.
CUT PRICES ON STANDARD
PIANOS CONTINUE.
Bear In mind that we are still continu-
ing the sale of the pianos specially adver-
tised last week so. long as the supply
lasts. "We will sell you a most elegant,
largest cabinet grand size upright piano,
in either fancy mahogany or mottled wal-
nut cases, pianos that have been sold
regularly heretofore for not less than J45u
—we will sell them now at the special
price of J28S each. No more is asked— no
less will be accepted— 5286 to all alike. 3
per cent off for all cash, or $23 down and
$10 a month. '
Others say $300— here now $1S3.
These remaining regular $3G0 pianos,
brand new ones, should all find buyers
this week at the specially low advertised
prices— $186 and $183. . .
AN ANGELUS AND CROWN
PIANO.
"We are instructed by Mr. C. A. Alisky
of this city to sell for his account an
especially fine Orchestral Grand Crown
piano, together with an elegant Orches-
tral.- Angelus piano player. The Crown
piano is a duplicate of the fine instrument
used by Homer Lind at the Orpheum this
week. This piano is the original many-
toned instrument, by means of which the
music of any stringed instrument, such as
the guitar, mandolin, harp, autoharp.
spinnet, etc., can be perfectly reproduced.
YOU CAN PLAY IT EVEN IF
YOU D0NT KNOW HOW
TO PLAY.
The Angelus is an Instrument enabling
any one without any knowledge of music
or notes whatsoever to play with the most
perfect expression even the most difficult
music ever composed. In addition to this
the Angelus contains an orchestral ac-
| companiment effect, such as the flute and
: the violin. v ,
These instruments originally cost $S00,
and are in every respect as good as new.
We will guarantee them In every detail.
We are instructed to dispose of them at "
once, and to accomplish this- object can
almost split the price in two. Nor need
the sale be for all cash, as reasonably
small mont-hly payments can be arranged
with any responsible purchaser. Better
see these instruments early. They will
surely be sold before Saturday night.
A CHICKERING HALF PRICE.
We have also a special bargain in a
fine, large rosewood cased Chickerlng up-
right, used le3S than a year. The instru-
ment was left here "on sale" by a lady
who has gone to the Orient to reside. If
you can use a fine piano here's the chance
tq get one at a big saving in price. All
cash preferred, but payments on part can
be arranged with any responsible buyer.
FANCY EMERSON, NEARLY
NEW. '
$165— $10 down and $6 a month if de-
sired—will buy a splendid mahogany cased
Emerson upright, that has not been used
to exceed two years. It is in perfect or-
der, and we will accompany It with our
regular five-year warranty. See it first
thing to-morrow— It's a genuine snap, well
worth double the money.' .-.-*¦
Don't forget the number— 653 Market
street, opposite the Lotta fountain, Just
below Kearny is the place. Bbm-
iner-Eilers Music Company, the New Era
Piano Store. '.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured bj
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J.BSPIC; New York, E. POUOEKA &CO.
. SOLD BY ALL DKUGCIST3
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD,LIVER.LUNGS.
\A/. X. HESS,;
K0TA2Y, PUBLIC AK9 ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckela Bldr
• * Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California st.. below FowtU.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
DIRECTORY
OF, RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL. C0K8 AND PICJ II?OI».
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JASBOYES&CO
OILS.
RUBRICATING JOELS. LEONARD * ELUS.
418 Front it.. S. F. Phoaa Main lTlSL^
PRINTING.
R C. HUfiHFS PRINTER.
is V- UUUUC3. B11 sansom* st!. %. 9.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE-HICXS-JUDD CO..
A 23 First -ftreat. 8*n FraacUoa*
' DR. KILMER'S BWAMP-BQOT.
pilsiiiipiri m
OF SWAMP-ROOT DID.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-
Root, Wii I Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
. -
Jow^^^r^-t^^ 1 " 01311 . 116 ? 1^ 111639 ma^ of Springfield. Ohio, writes the fol-
••W..H.,- u »~« »w . ,„ Springfield, Ohio, Feb. 21. 1901.
»>«¦ «,„<! t* h * ai ? y? at .y°" could procure a sample bottle of Swamp-Root. fre«
by mail. I wrote to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. X. Y.. for a sample bottle and .
t« Tif- £?,° m H? y sen *T J was 5° P lease< * after trying the sample bottle that I sent
Kom* ,^i S i ? * re aI >d Procured a supply. I have used Swamp-Root regularly for
a ni»n? .T sder U - unsu /P a ssed as a remedy for torpid liver, loss of appe-
2£ f^S^V? 1 der a n^ment of the digestive functions. I think my trouble was
Hwr ,M t «„ confinement in my business. I can recommend it highly for all
la thit J?«« t y com Rlalr.ts. I am not m the habit of endorsing any medicine, but
for ml^ cannot speak too much in praise of what Swamp-Root has done
(W. P. Ix)hnes) * J^M / \ f\^S \t~r^. >»
«£ West High Street. ~ *• */ uJ^Z/t^tJLi^ J
You may have a sample bottle of this wonderful remedy • Sw^S^Roo\ 2St
absolutely free by mail, also a book telling all about S^anr^-Roo^Tnd cont'aiS
many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from mon
and women who owe their pood health, in fact their very lives to the i srlat^ri^
«ve properties of Swamp-Root. In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co BinXm on v" "
Y^be sure to say that you read this generous offer in The San FranS DalVy
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what vrm nt>*A vm, ,.= „ ¦<
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dol!a? s£e botoS at the dra stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name Swamn-Roof ffr
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address. Binghamton. NY on ev™bot«e
ADVEBTISElffiENTS. V
AffirafioiC
VOTERS!
Register jtOncei
All citizens must register to
vote at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5 ;
pU m. f and WEDNESDAY
EVENING from 8 to 9.
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners. •
THOMAS J.WALSH,
Registrar of Voters.
Tklt rignatnre U oa vrvrj box of the gennlnt j
Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabieu
Vbt* remed/ that cores m cold In one <tajb '
-The Pantouris— $1.95 J
..This hat at $i.Q5 shows conclusively that you do not have to
VpayVa high price; to get the veryJ latest. It likewise shows that you
durability as well as stylein'a hat at a.very reasonable price.
r.The hat is the' Pantouris, which, as you know, is about the most
; , popular hat into'wn. Some men :are paying $2.50, sdme even more, .
but we offeryoiia nrst 7 class hat,> made of good'felt, in the correct
\ shape, for $i.g.v; . '
"V,We sell: hats at very close : figures— we use;. them as leaders to
get , people "acquainted with our . various ¦ other ; departments.
The colors 1: of ¦¦ the Pantouris are black, cedar, pearl, steel and
; v?,: ..;: :.¦ ¦ V ; ."^ :
•:' Straw, hats for men and women are arriving— rouRhor smooth
-Out-of-iown orders filled-— write us.
\ 718 Market Street,WASHINGTON, April 3.— General Sam
uel Pearson,'' formerly of the /Boer army,
has returned : to .Washington ',; (f rom New
Orleajis, where he went to '' gather proof
to substantiate his charges that the.-B.rft-
ish authorities in ; . Louisiana had,' t In vio
lation of the. laws of neutrality.- set up 'a
regular military ¦¦ .establishment, \froin
which ; their ; army in- South Africa was
furnished,. with ; men. horses, . mules and
supplies.' . , General ,;: Pearson L ¦ made this 1 ,
charge in a letter i to President Roosevelt,
who, he^ says.Hsent it to Governor. Heard
of Louisiana for investigation and report,
and the ' latter, in "- turn . called on him
(Pearson) for. proofs. ""
General '< Pearson 'to-night declared that
America had contributed rat least 42,000
men' -to aid the 1 -: British iri' their flght
against the Boers and had; furnished the
British ' Government ~ with 201,107 horses
and mules. The. men, -he declared, 1 consist
of muleteers shipped , from, Nejr ¦ Orleans,
some of whom have * been ' compelled to
enlist against -the - burghers, and paid
agents and: men ..who. are sent " ; throughout
the country to buy up 'horses and mules.
He said there . are,, one . British 'general^
two colonels and', sixty captains. and lieu
tenants in !¦ this : country now, ,• with head
quarters, at New Orleans. V • '¦]• t
The general alleged that although' men
are engaged with the understanding that
when they reach Cape Tqwn they may re
turn on the first " ship ; leaving ' for ¦. the
United States,' their passage; is refused, or
long delayed, and every influence" brought
to bear on them, to enlist in the British
army.. With every shiploadof mules sent
to South Africa the disguised British'of
ficers in charge of the, transport and car
go, he said; employ a small army of men
to .take care of these : animals, securing
enough men to assign one to every. two or
three mules. The men who go as mule
teers r or stable hands,* the ; general added, j
are of ' the lowest, classes and care little
what they: do or where they • go. Ha
claims the British also have failed to keep
contracts with the men. leaving them pen
niless in a strange land. . :
Secretary Hay has received from Gov
ernor,- Heard i of. Louisiana the statement
referred to in this morning's publications ;
alleging the existence ' of a British, camp'
at Chalmette. just below New Orleans, on"
the Mississippi River. The Governor's
communication is voluminous, comprising
statements and affidavits intended to dis
close the character of the alleged camp. >
Says This Country Contrib
uted 42,000 Men for War | \
Against Boers. ?}\
General Pearson Tells or
. the Camp .at; New.
Orleans.
AMERICA'S AID
TO THE BRITISH
. KRONSTAD, - Orange River Colony.
April S.— Acting President '¦ Schalkburger
has opened negotiations with ;- President
Steyn. who has been located with Delarey*
and ¦ Kemp/ but the- whereabouts of .the
party has not been ascertained. Dewet has
been located near Boshof.
PRETORIA, Wednesday, April 2.—Com
munications' have ' passed between" Presi
dent Steyn and the Transvaal mission at
Krbnstad, but nothing is yet known of
the result. The majority of the military
men and civilians here expect more from
the continual pressure of the troops than
from the negotiations. It is pointed. out
that; once before, 1 when hard i pressed, the
Transvaalers showed a - desire for peace,
;but this was ; promptly overridden by
President Steyn. • Nothing In the present
situation." go far as known, indicates that
President Steyn Is less irreconcilable- than
previously. Indeed, the known-facts seem
to point, to a greater determination to con
tinue the struggle.
Governor of Louisiana, it la believed that
even now the department' Is not without
it3 own ideas as to what is going on- at
Chalmette,* and this knowledge has not
shaken -the department's- original view
that thfcse operations are entirely lawful
and that there is no power in the national
or : State governments to prevent .them.
So long as the shipments from Chalmette
are confined to horses, livestock, fodder
and provisions and the port Is not made
the point of departure of a naval or mili
.tary expedition it is held that there is no
warrant for. interference, even If the sup
plies are bought directly by the British,
Government. ' "
WASHINGTON; April The House
Committee on Labor • to-day ordered a
favorable report on the eight-hour bill, so
called, providing that in every contract
for work for the Government it shall be
specified that the work is to be done on
an eight-hour basis. This measure has
been strongly supported by labor organ
izations and opposed by the large armor,
shipbuilding, ordnance and other concerns*
having contracts , with the Government.
The favorable report was ordered without
division. Chairman ' Gardner, will make
the report. ' ¦HHH9BK26M
Favorable Report on, Eight-Hour Bill
When the Senate met in; executive ses
sion , later in; .the : day Senator Hawley
made an adverse, report on Captain Cro
zier's nomination.": The adverse action on
this nomination carries with it like action
upon* the nomination- of Lieutenant J. E.
, Hotter to succeed Captain Crozier as a
captain of ordnance." V .-
There was also technical objection to
Captain Crozier's confirmation, the Sen
ators who opposed him contending that
the law. impliedly if not explicitly, pro
hibits the appointment to the position of
chief of the ordnance bureau of an officer
holding rank below that of lieutenant
colonel. There was a sharp division In
the- committee, and some of the members
held 'out strongly for the propriety of the
nomination.
WASHINGTON; 'April 3.— The Senate
on Military Affairs authorized
favorable .reports "on the nomination of
Colonel Gillespie to De chief of engineers
and "Colonel' George B. Davis to be advo
cate general, and an unfavorable report
on the nomination, of Captain William B.
Crozier to be. chtef of the bureau of ord
nance, all with the rank of brigadier gen
eral, •.. The reason "why an exception was
made In Crozier "s case is found. in the
fact that he is charged with being inter
ested in certain ordnance patents.'
Unwilling to Promote Captain
to .Chief of Bureau of
Ordnanca
Senate Committee Re
fuses to Confirm Cro
zier's Nomination.
RANKS TOO LOW
FOR THE PLACE
SAN JOSE,. April : 3.— Henry (.Gaetze,.; a
laborer, aged 40 yearfi,> committed. suicide
this morning- by hanging himself, in the
laundry: room, of > the. Pacific- Hotel.' He
was formerly; an inmate- of -the Insane
Asylum at Agnews. ,
Hangs Himself in a; Laundry.
I want you to change your bill of complaint."
I want you to Include In it a prayer for dam
apes. It does not matter whether these ' men
have any. property or not. ; I will appoint "a
special ' master to fix the damages ; and : if you
secure Judgment against these strikers, ; offi
cers can. if the men are caught in bed, take
away their clothing. They can have no prop
erty, exempt under the. State laws. .'The'Judg
roent'wlll keep them in insolvency aslongas
they live, or until the Judgment is paid. Things
have come to ¦" a pretty pass .when the "city . of
Indianapolis will not give the. men -who -want
to work protection from men who do not : want
to work. V-^£Ml^VMUMIWytHUHli!Nfr%5H5
INDIANAPOLIS, April Red
wood Manufacturing - Company . has ap
pealed to the ; United States Court i for
protection for its employes against the
iron molders, who have been on a strike
for a month past. The complaint charges
that men who want to work are terrorized
by the striking union men, and that some
of them are afraid to come to the factory.'
Judge Baker ordered the strikers whose
names were given in the complaint to ap
pear before him April 15 and show cause
why a restraining order: should not be is
sued.: He said to the plaintiff:
' • to Work.
Terrorizing Men- Who Want
Complaint Is Made That They Are
TEDEBAL JUDGE CITES
STBIKING IBON MOLDEKS
WASHINGTON, April 3.— The conferees
of the two houses of Congress 'on the war
revenue repeal bill held another confer-?
ence to-day but again failed to reach an
agreement. The only Item on which there
is disagreement is the Senate amendment
continuing the tax on bucket-shops. This
the representatives of the House refuse
to accept, while the Senators decline to
recede from their position. . . • .
Bucket Shop Tax Causes Deadlock.
WASHINGTON, April 3.-The House
Committee on Insular Affairs continued
work on the Philippine' bill, to-day, but
made little progress. Questions in con
nection with the homesteading of lanls
and mineral rights were under discussion,
but no conclusion on either question prob
ably, will be reached until Governor Taft
returns to Washington as the committee
desire his views before acting.
Philippine Bill Under Consideration
WASHINGTON, April 3.— Dr. Cabell
Whitehead, chief assayer of the mint, has
resigned," to take effect as soon as-Secre
tary Shaw finds a suitable man to suc
ceed him. Alfred E. Jessup is most prom
inent among the candidates for the place,
which is covered by the civil service rules
and probably ¦ will . be filled by . transfer.
Jessup is a graduate of Lehigh University
and of Freiburg, in Saxony.
Chief Assayer. of Mint Resigns.
WASHINGTON, April 3.— Frank Sar
gent, head of the Brotherhood of . Loco
motive Firemen, arrived here this even-
Ing and will have an interview with Pres
ident" Roosevelt to-morrow. " The impres
sion prevails that Sargent has decided
to accept a tender of appointment as com
missioner of immigration to succeed Pow
derly, formerly of the Knights of Labor,
but the matter will not be decided defi
nitely until to-morrow's conference.
Sargent May Succeed Powderly.
Commissioned Brigadier GcneraL
WASHINGTON, April 3.— Colonel R. L.
Meade has been commissioned brigadier
general by brevet in the Marine Corps;
Major C. Richards, lieutenant colonel;
Captain N. P. Hall, major, and First Lieu
tenant W. T. Powell, captain. .
WASHINGTON, April 3.— The House
Committee on Appropriations to-day_ re
ported the fortifications apropriation bill.
It appropriates $6,562,455, which is $801,556
less than the estimates. With the ap
priations" in this bill *«3,365,750 of the $99,
352.222 included in the Endicott board
scheme of sea-coast defenses will have
been appropriated. The more important
items in the bill are for gun and mortar
batteries. J2.000.000; for armament and for
tifications. $3,212,755; for the board of ord
nance and fortifications. $100,000.
oz&mended Are for Gun and
Mortar Batteries.
Most Important Appropriations Bec-
HOTJSE COMMITTEE BEPOB.TS .
THE FOBTEETCATIONS BILL
WASHINGTON, April 3.-Powell Clay
ten, United States" Embassador to Mex
ico, had a talk with Secretary Hay j to
day about -the charges -preferred against
him in connection with the cases of Mea
ley t and.Dr., Scott.. Afterward. Clayton
paid his respects to the President. Be
fore his departure from the City of Mex
ico the Embassador received a : copy of
the charges preferred by the attorneys
for Mealey and Scott Consequently he
arrived in Washington fully prepared, and
he submitted to Secretary Hay document
ary evidence in contradiction- of the
charges. It is believed that Clayton's
presentation of the case was such as to
completely satisfy Secretary Hay that the
Minister had not been culpable in any of
the matters complained , of. However, it
will -be for the President to render a final
decision in ' this case. Minister Clayton
declines to make any statement concern
ing the matter. 8 ,
Minister Clayton Denies Charges.
Fixes the Duty, on Wines.
-MELBOURNE, ' Victoria, . April "3.— The
House.'of - 1 Representatives ;'of.'. the "Federal
Parliament has " fixed* the i duty.-, on ; wines
exceeding* 35 ¦: degrees '„ of strength at.six
pence ,on; every up to. and includ
ing > forty degrees.' -Thereafter.! the ¦¦ duty,
wlll;bel4 shillings: ;•.>;--; ,.-, -'- -.-, i
; confirmation. *<; It *is" reported^that -: theyvl
j skinned : one '.Turk '* alive, - stuffed'* his" skin
¦andcarried it about as/axtrophy.'r ¦ ¦ ;
-BERLIN, April 3.— The Lokal /Anzeiger
says • that' under the t existing ' statute the
Government can, prevent, the use <of : the
Marconi wireless telegraphy -system on
board German merchantmen,. the erection
of stations on the i coasts of Germany,; or
the use of that wireless system in German
waters.^ The paper ; suggests : . that '- the
Government apply, the law. immediately. -
Opposes the ! Marconi ; System.
The bill gives the commanding officers
cf the revenue service relative rank as
follows: Captains with majors in the
army and lieutenant commanders in the
navy: first lieutenants with captains in
the army and lieutenants In the navy:
second lieutenants with first lieutenants
in the army and lieutenants (junior
grade) in the navy, and third lieutenants
with second lieutenants in the army -and
ensigns in the navy.
It gives the officers of the service long
evity pay equivalent to the corresponding
rank in the army, and provides for their
retirement with three-fourths pay for dis
ability or upon reaching the age limit of
64 years.
WASHINGTON, April ¦ 3.-r-The Senate
bill to promote the efficiency of the rev
enue cutter service passed the House to
day by a vote of 135 to 49. The opponents
of the measure fought it to the last
ditch. At the very end they attempted a
filibuster, but were swept aside by the
overwhelming majority in favor of the
Cutter Service Bill.
House Passes the Senate Bevenue
TO PEOMOTE EFFICIENCY.
VAll ; business was suspended during ; the
funeral - and all the ; public buildings were
.draped' in mourning.; .. ., ";
i- In- front • of 'the ; cathedral ', stood ' a huge
crowd/ bare-headed," and the building it
self • was filled to its capacity.' | The Arch
bighop and other clergymen I received the
.body ¦ at: the porch. - , During the i services
the ; Archbishop made an address in which
he declared' that Rhodes : had faults of
whclht he," probably, was as \ conscious I as
any one, but nevertheless he, was a great
iman^iBefore.the chartered company ..was
contemplated Rhodes said, to him:;.
,-. VSome men's hobbies are to collect but
terflies* and old china. Mine is r. to; open
;- CAPE .TOWN; ;3.-Throughout':the
rriornirig^a continuous ; stream of .people
passedliby' the coffln". containing. the body
; of : CeciI; Rhodes.'v as ; it : rested \ in ) Parlia-
\ House.' J- The funeral ; procession this
kWa's most imposing. ~ The coffin, I
¦ which' wasdraped with the •tattered Union
'Jack 'which belonged to Rhodes and with
the. tattered flag of the British Chartered
¦ South :'';'Af rica I ; Company | which . went
"^through the 'fight at Masslk'essI, was car
iried onjthe Long Cecil gun carriage used
ati, the. "siege of Klmberley through .the
crowded:; streets - to ; the, cathedral. The
streets were ; lined byj troops, who saluted
: the passing cortege. The pallbearers were
Dr. Jameson, Sir :", John ¦ Gordon ..Sprigg,
the ;. Premier./ of ; Cape . Colony, ; ' and • six
"others. ..':i The 'chief mourner' was Colonel'
Frank Rhodes, /.who walked' alone and
bare-headed,' followed by the other broth
ers" of the deceased,! arid* Lord Milner, the
British High' Commissioner/and Sir Wal
tpr \Hely-Hutchinsbn," the Governor and
commander^in* chief of. the -Cape of Good
Hope." :. Then came, . the v Judges, military
ana. naval'. officials, the representatives , of
the- colonies, ; churches and-. Parliament,
the Mayors and the staffs of the De Beers
1 and , the British Chartered ; South Africa
Company. Conspicuous in the; procession
were Messrs: Merriman, Sauer and -, Mol
jteno; former Ministers, and a number of
members of ; the Afrikanderbund. . - \: .
The other edict is. in. line .with the policy
declared ina>number of recent edicts and
contemplates the sending ( abroad of com
petent Chinamen to study-Western 1 , meth
ods in order to extend ; the international
relations of. the empire.',: 1 -:. . . ¦
¦; WASHINGTON, . April 3."r-The State,De
partment\made/public-Ito-day, copies . of
two ; Chinese ¦ edicts; •which, were sent ;by.
4 United States ' Minister '¦ Conger, at > Peking
under: date of • February," 6. v These > edicts;
says Conger/ indicate the loosening^of
bonds of customland-trehd.to'w-ard.anew
order,! of things. ." The ; first ' ''edicts-remove's'
the prohibition' of •. intermarriage j between
Manchus^ and Chinese 'and < is \ of : political
significance,' '; say s Conger,"- as ' indicating . a'
desire to emphasize less v strongly *v the dls-"
tinction between ¦ rulers and ruledi - It also
bids I Chinese, officials and j gentry to per
suade ¦ Chinese • women ¦ to-do . away. ' with
the' old custom of foot-binding and. let
their extremities grow/as nature intended.
The practice, ' says' the. edict, is "an in
jury to the good order of .creation.". •¦ . ¦_*
i.The Macedonians are"accused-of horrible
atrocities, of which it is hard .to .'obtains
A party of Turks; recently ambushed; 200
Bulgarian "outlaws; in the mountains "of
Kirzu, killing several of them and captur-.
ing the remainder. .»i y ¦*.: ¦. ¦:""T'-.^**r-»5t, -.-.?;¦
-LONDON. April 3.— A dispatch ¦ to V; the
Exchange Telegraph Company from Sofia,
Bulgaria, says: It is reported.that;four
teen revolutionary bands crossed 'the fron
tier into Macedonia during-; the. pasU few
days. They were well "armed.. :• .¦:¦.:-,'¦ ¦-':¦
¦ Unless the trouble spreads it is not like
ly that an American man-of-war will be
ordered to Turkish waters.; - _ -;¦ :'•:;
There are some American missionaries
in Macedonia, and the State 1 Department
would not be surprised should they short
ly be heard from. - , ; •;- • ..- "
I see by the press dispatches -that' my Gov
ernment has ordered 30,000;; troops j to Mace.r'
donia. This la'a large number "and more than
sufficient to quell the revolt, ';but I; presume -it
is considered desirable % to : have . a '' force ' suf fl -'
cient to restore - and maintain order and fully;
protect domestic and foreign interests. • The
Bulgarian committee has ' been endeavoring to
foment trouble for a long time, but- It has : lit
tle support and I ; expect .-• that , the : . presence
of the troops will have a salutory effect. : This
committee inspired the capture of Miss Stone,
which was effected, by -Bulgarian brigands.
Turkey is no more : responsible' than -'the
United States would . be if some Turkish ' citi
zen on the American 'side of the Canadian bor
der line was seized by. a Canadian and' carried
into Canada. The • Porte made . zealous efforts
to recover Miss Stone, but the brigands crossed
the border before they could be seized. ¦ 1 1 am
sure the United States -will be fair, and free
Turkey. ,f rom all , responsibility • in connection
with Miss Stone's abduction.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G' ; STREET, N.*
W.. WASHINGTON, April 3.— Turkey, has
placed the [ responsibility ; for the- outbreak
in Macedonia upon - 1 - the . revolutionary^
committee in Bulgaria,, which j Reclaims
was' responsible for the abduction of Miss
Ellen M. Stone. Chekib . Bey,; the j Turkish
Minister, said to-night -that { he is conn
dent that- the trouble i will : be ., promptly
ended. In speaking of the matter he said:
Special Dispatch to The! Call.
One Edict
Old Gustom^df ; Poot
-,-"- r ; ' . , Binding^ : ; ':- ; :-'; ; :
, Miss Stone.
Holds THem Responsible
for the Abduction of :
Impressive Ceremonies
Burial of
' V: CecU Rhodes.
CHINA BECOMES
MORE LIBERAL
TURKEY BLUES
REVOLUTIONISTS
FRIENDS FOLLOW
BODY TO GHAVE
Charles M. Schwab, president' of the
United States : Steel Corporation, was
elected a member of the chamber at to
day's meeting.
After Senor Palma's speech a vote of
thanks was extended to him and a resolu
tion was offered by Francis B. Thurber in
favor of a 50 • per cent reduction in the
present Cuban tariff. After much discus
sion the resolution was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Trade, .with , the
proviso that such committee report at a
special meeting one week from to-day.
Albert Mosely, an English commissioner,
who came to the United States to study
trade conditions here,- addressed . the
chamber. He said that in his opinion the
educational system was the foundation of
the country's prosperity.
I therefore avail myself of this opportunity
to enlist your help, your earnest support \ in
order to obtain from the Congress of the United
States — the House and the Senate — a substan
tial reduction in the duties on sugar and to
bacco — a reduction larger than that recom
mended by the Conynlttee on Ways and Means
in the House, which will in no way afford any
relief to the present distress of the Cuban pro
ducers. --T, > .' : .
On the Chamber of Commerce of New York
and each one of its estimable members depend
in great measure the attainment of the advan
tageous result, as the enormous amount of
business which - this chamber represents ' cer
tainly needs a vast, an immense field, and
Cuba, lying within hand's reach, affords one
of the best grounds for profitable trade.
Still more, if we look on the moral aspect of
the commercial movement of a country,-; we
find that by its blessed effects order and. peace
are assured within and feelings of friendship
and good will strengthened without. >- In mod
ern . times commerce has materially developed
its real force, attaining the character of . a
powerful factor in the social relations of man.
It is principally due to the interests created
by it that nations are anxious for peace and
devote their efforts. to smothering old grudges
which otherwise might break out at any time
on the slightest pretext. > -. ., . . ,.
With my conviction that the best and surest
way to attach one country to another, consists
in building up and strengthening the trade re
lations through reciprocal exchange of products
and the development of other Interests in the
fame line I. who -entertain for Cuba, my na
tive country, the greatest love and feel at the
same time deep gratitude to the. United States,
where for eighteen years I have met with the
most kind, generous ; and cordial hospitality,
am anxious to see both countries . closely ' con
nected and firmly united by a reciprocal com-'
mercial treaty, drawn on the - most favorable
terms, a treaty to the end that Cuba becomes
the largest market in 'America for the products
of the United -States, and that this country
raise the bar now placed against Cuban products
of sugar and tobacco, which are the principal
staples of the island and constitute the- only
basis we have to start on in unfolding other
NEW YORK, April 3.— Tomas Estrada
Palma, President-elect ¦ of . the Cuban, re
public, addressed the New York Chamber
of Commerce to-day. Palma was Intro-,
duced by Morris K.' Jessup j president , of
the chamber, who. said that in his Judg
ment commerce. was the most, important
wheel in the complex. mechanism of a po
litical body. It was an efficient factor in
developing the resources Of a country, in
promoting and building up its industries
and in fostering the energies of the people
and carrying their activities beyond the
boundaries of the nation into all parts of
the world— even those which are not with
in'the pale of civilization. He continued:
amendment. Because of that - amendment we
must make it possible for the people of Cuba
to govern their island successfully.
McClellan then reviews the sugar situa
tion in Cuba and this country. , He sums
up his position as follows:
First, the bill does not afford sufficient relief
to Cuba, but it minimizes the loss of the pres
ent crop of suKar; second, it is possible, but
not certain, that a 20 per cent reduction of the
Cuban train" will result in giving us a monop
oly of the Cuban market; third, the bill Is an
enunciation of the Democratic doctrine of (reci
procity; it -is a breach in the wall of protec
tion and lowers in part the preposterous Ding
ley rates. • ¦
If I am afforded the opportunity when the
bill comes before the committee of. the whole,
I shall try to amend it by increasing the rate
of reduction so as to make certain, not only
the control of the Cuban market by us. but also
the prosperity of Cuba. I shall also try to
amend by striking out the time limit.
Falling to amned, for the reasons here stated,
I shall vote for the bill.
government" can be maintained. The United
States Is about to fulfil part of its pledge con
tamed Jn the Teller resolution. The pacifica
tion of Cuba has been accomplished, the gov
ernment and control of the island is to be left
to its people, subject, however, to the Platt
WASHIXGTON. April 3.— The first ¦ of
the minority report ion the Cuban, re
ciprocity bill was filed to-day by Repre
sentative McClellan erf New York of the
"Ways and Means Committee, who argues
that the bill gives Cuba much less in the
way of relief than. she Is Justly entitled
to. He cites the Teller resolution and the
Platt amendment as establishing our as
surances to Cuba and to the world. Mc-
Clellan then says: .
It has imposed upon us an obligation of our
own assumption, the obligation to preserve Cu
ban independence and to maintain a govern
ment adequate for the protection of life, .prop
erty and individual liberty. We are bound In
honor as a nation to see to ! it that economic
conditions in Cuba are euch that an Vdequate
Asks Members toAssist Him
i~i in Securing Relief, for:
the Republic.
Says Bill Does Not Afford
Sufficient Rslief to the
Island.
Delivers .Address Before
New York Chamber
of Commerce.
Congressman McGlelian
Files Part of Minor
ity Report.
PALMA SPEAKS
FOR HE CUBANS
SEEKS TO AMEND
CUBAN MEASURE
/rj^^s^ggpra^
¦¦-¦¦• ¦ . • :. . - • ...-.> •••:.. r :¦¦¦¦¦¦¦.-.. ¦¦•¦..-.¦-¦
LEA VENWOR TH, Kans., April §..-—Oberlin M.\ Carter, ex^captainof; engineers in 'the United ,
States army , is seriously' and/ proba
enworth. He has, typhoid fever, and'tjusevemn '10^. .Carter* sJ only f
fear is ;that he will die before his affairs, are' arranged. .He sent an urgent telegram to-day to
¦ '. his attorney,. Mr.- Stone : of'. Chicago, asking 'him to come ah- once . ; There • .is a- suit-now pending,
wherein this] Government is trying to < obtain possession of Cartel s ? property',lclaimitig it is part of the''
booty. He 'secured '/while in charge of:
' am6unfto. r a/w j
-.;.- Ob'erlin -Carter ¦ says : he:wants; /Attorney : St6nelhere -so' he can -finislu preparing tliebruf.
¦ : Then.Carter says the iight: for Ahe vindication c should' his' illness .
I prove fatal. Carter's relatives and the attorney .wilUprob'ably arrive to-morrozv.- - • '
Only Fear 6i 'the Convict I^fTH^He^Wmpw^B^^HisjAf^
fairs and Vindication Plans Are Arranged.
OBERLIN CARTER IS VERY ILL
IN FORT LEAVENWORTH PRISON
! The • entire ' ceremony • lasted % two and a
Jialf' hours. J It was the^rst public fa
neral in - South /Africa • which called out
such a remarkable demonstration of pub
lic grief.,, ./ : -.- . :. .."••.;. :: ;
¦ . At .the conclusion . ' of - the services the
procession ".reformed,'; a . dead march was
played and the mourners proceeded to the
station, .whence the remains; accompanied
by the family, i the executors of -the ¦ wiU
and k others, were . taken to Rhodesia, i
South' and Central i Africa to British en
terprise.",. '.¦•" .'..>=• .'..-..' ¦' :
z Thougti not a great 'churchgoer, contin
ued; the Archbishop, Rhodes was essen
tially religious. Before his last illness. he
realized the nearness of death and mani
fested an earnest desire to prepare for it.
- By direction. of the President it has been
referred to the Attorney General, with : a
view td securing an opinion on certain
legal points involved, and •> meanwhile , it
will not be "given out for publication.
While the State. Department will not hes
itate ; a : moment ¦ to make Inquiry !¦ into the
correctness of any such charges perferreU
by any. responsible person, • such . as ¦ the
3
ADVEBTTSETsTEITrS.
Five Dollars a Box,
The Price Cut No Figure
With Him.
"I want to eay for the benefit of come poor
dyspeptic that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
give comfort and a cure every time. Five dol-
lars a box would net stop my purchasing them
should I ever suffer again as I did for a week
before using them.
¦•The one 50-cect box I bought at my drug;-
grisfi did the work and. my digestion is ail
right aeain.
"Many of icy neighbors have also tried these
tciOets and found them to be Just as-repre-.'
•tented, and Mr. Ellms also wants me to use his .
name in Indorsing Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
•(£ign?d) A. ELLMS and
"CHAS. F. BUZZELU. , --
'¦Assltitant Postmaster,'
• "South Sudbury. Mass."
Sirs. Jas. Barton of Toronto, Canada, -writes:
"For eighteen months I suffered from what I
supposed was bladder and. kidney trouble, and
took medicine from three different doctors,
without any slsn of cure. I felt eo 111 at last
I wat hardly able to do my work.
"I thought I would try a box. of Stuart's
Dyspepsia TaliJ°ls and see if they would make
me feel better, never really thinking I had dys-
j-epeia. but after only three or four tablets haJ
b«ren taken all the acid trouble disappeared and
then I discovered I had had acid dyspepsia,
while the doctans had heen treating me for
kidney and b'adder trouble and one of them
treated me for rheumatism.
"My digestion is fine, my complexion clear
end I am able to do my work and low spirits
are unknown to me, - . .
"I am so thankful for finding a cure so good
nnd so pleasant to take as Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. I am surprised at the change they
have ir.ade'in me."
All druggists self and recommend Stuart's
Dyspepf !a Tablets, because they contain only
the simple natural digestives, and taken after
meals prevent acidity and cause prompt dlges- i
tion and assimilation of food. .. ¦ ¦ : J
i Physicians <*verywh«re indorse them because
1 they are as safe for the child us for the adult;
they are Invaluable for sour Ktomach. nervous
dyspepsia, heartburn, gas on stomach and
bowels and every form of stomach derange-V- Adams' Restorer promotes ¦ grpwth,':,re^
stores color and beauty to thin" gray hair. Y 60c*
Madame Emma Nevada will give ; a con
cert for the <. benefit of Lisser Hall, •Mills
College, 'to-morrow- afternoon/ r The. con-*
cert -.-will' be given in the college raudlto- 5
rium,- and . elaborate preparations -are ; be-"
Benefit for Mills College.
COMPANY INCORPORATES
The . Western ?• Field > t Company >i was . • Incor
porated ! yesterday i for '¦ $20. OQO, of ;whlch ?5700
Wa3 been: subscribed. -¦ Following \ are the* di
rectors : . -i\V. V.W.-. Van *Aradale, C. . S . Wheeler,
F.' VW; ;. Van Sicklen ' '. B. ¦>* F. ' Preston, :. C. •'e!
Worfien., H.-..W. Keller. r Alex- Hamilton, J f M;
SJin?' ' J ' P°^ ne . y; Hatv -ey. "• C- W. Hlbbard and
WilllamS. Tevis.' "The objects of the corpora
tion: Is. to carry on the business of printing and
publlshlnff, ; the.'dlstributlng~of,' < books * papera.
magazines and advertising, matter .-* .^. <
¦-.•¦• -". ¦ -, ¦ •.:.f:v.'.;*i:-i':-.- j - vv ¦;•¦:?.::.. •¦¦,.., •:>'--¦-;
• Thomas' Chambers ¦ brought, at suit *< for
$10,000 --damages ": for personal \Vihjuriea
against ' the ' Union • Lumber Company yes •
terday. ; - Chambers .was {severely^ injured
at ; the \ lumber ; yard ? of f, the ~ company • at
Sixth and Chandler '¦ streets In- \ November,
1900, through the fall of a lumber ''break,"
near, which he was working. ?'^gSHMM
Demands Heavy Damages.
1 The Building: Trades Council issued a
Statement last evening denying that' there
Is trouble in the building trades of . this
city, declaring at the same .time that the
contractors . and builders who handle - the
building business In . San . Francisco are
working in perfect harmony ,« wlthi'.' the'
Building Trades : Council. The"; statement
further • says . that > the American r Federa
tion of Labor is. so far as it Is concerned'
not a factorv} n the controversy. .„/. ''.•'/ ;< n
The Bridge and Structural. Iron-Work
ers' Union has ' sustained ; , the' position of
the Building Trades Council against Car
penters' Union' No. 1 483,, and at ' a.' recent
meeting expressed entire confidence in the
Building Trades. Council and: called upon
every, member of the. union to refuse • to
work : with .any one : falling to carry the
Bunding. Trades Council's card. .
Must Carry Union Cards.
Agnes ;• Kenny,;' the. woman who: stole Via
purse i f rom^ Mlsa i E. H. ; Byrne while she
was v worshiping "in the French Catholic
Church on Bush street Wednesday After
noon,'' , appeared • before^ Judge ¦ Cabaniss
yesterdayiOn'.the charge of. petty, larceny.'.
Her! attorney asked for a continuance i till
to-day -for her. to plead -and? It '.was grant
ed., Detective found ;.lnu-her
room .in the ¦• Carroll * House > silk v waists,
black skirts and \ underwear ; of - kll de
scriptions,'which/were taken to" the Prop
erty.- Clerk's office -to await Identification;
as it is believed they, were stolen.? ;
Church Thiof in Court.
<*. The ,- Columbia ' Minstrels • furnished the
first i portion ; ot- the - entertainment. " Dur
ing, the second part Baby Keefe whistled a
solo : and * danced • cleveTly,. •. William Mc-
Donald,- the basso," sang the. "Armorer's
Song." A;-F, Schlelchert and Miss Mamie
Kelly; gave a | pretfy ' Spanish I dance; These
two • and . Mrs. v; E. - 4 L.'-"Head^ Miss i Lucille
Ellis, ¦« Mrs. Emily •¦¦ Parent,- Mrs. ; Elvina
Heuer-Willson, - Ci ' L. : Parent, - C. K. - Ken
drick, Joseph • Hardeman ; and- Dr.' W. H
Sleberst'gave a new"Flor delOro" dance,
which j won : the : favor of the audience. A
farce, v"LessonS' in Whist," presented by
Dr.W. H. Sieberst,.George Dennison. Miss
C.; Johnston , and iMissJ.' Baldwin, closed
the entertainment.^ , , / v < .
., ;A* benefit entertainment for St. Agnes
parish was given last- night -at the Alham
bra. ¦: The theater -was' filled ; to the stand
ing-room limit, and a. programme of much
merit;was ; enjoyed.-- '-_ \ ;¦•'.;-.;
of; Much Merit;
Minstrel Specialties . and Musical
Numbers Make a Programme V
Ex-Judge J. F. Sullivan, the first presi
dent of the. council;. General James F
Smith,' John J.- McDade, Frank JrKierce
¦ The event will afford a pleasant reunion
for many who have not met each oth-r
for years. The affair promises to surpass
any similar event ever held . under the
auspices of the local Y. M.I. Covers will
be laid for, more than three hundred la
dies and gentlemen. The toastmaster will
be Philip J. Lawler. a past president 'of
Ipnatlan Council.- who. is famous "In the
order as Its most clever presiding. genius
of the Pacific Coast Jurisdiction. . Among
these who will" respond to the toasts
will be: -¦' -'^¦BPHSR&aMHIBMB^ --.-* ."- •:• -
Ignatian Council No. 35, Young Men's
InBtitute, will celebrate the fifteenth an
niversary of Its organization by "a* ban
quet at the California Hotel next Tues
day evening. This council, which r is one
of the most successful and prosperous of
the Y, M. I., has always occupied a lead-
Jn£ place the Catholic societies of
California.- Its membership Includes many
of the most talented and distinguished
Catholic young men of, the' Pacific Coast.
Several of these will travel ¦; from distant
sections of this and the adjoining; States
to be in attendance , at the approaching
anniversary.
California Hotel.
Existence With a Banquet, at
"Will Commemorate Fifteenth Year of
ST. .AGNES'.' BENEFIT."'
;. FIXI^ THE ALEAMBBA
ing made by,, the students for the event.
The sweet-voiced > diva* i has . \ volunteered
her ¦ services Trrtd', the young ladles of the
seminary intend to give her a hearty re
ception. People desiring , to ; attend rfrom
this city; should take: the 12 o'clockboat
(broad gauge), the Oakland, local train to
, the Twenty-third avenue station and the
California, electric "railroad, to Mills "Col
¦ lege.*; '' ; -:.-•¦ :- .•¦--¦ ¦ -.- ••• . ¦- \
BERLIN. April 3.— Subscriptions to Uie Rus-
Bian loan.-iw*;re closed. here at 4 ,o'dock this
afternoon. -The -loan ~w*s ,-irreatly- over-sub
ecrlbcd. but the exact flgurcs have not yet been
reckoned. . :'-';) .'-' . ' - ¦ -.'•.' ;.:-
.The committee having the arrangements
in charge consists of the following named:
J. B. Queen; B. J. Fdley, W. A.' Brc3-
Hn, J, B. Coffey, J. W. .McCarthy, P. J.
Xawler, William J. Brann, -T. H. Fallon
and R. D. Blake. - . r
and Hon. Frank J. Murasky, all past
grand presidents ; Grand President D." J;
O'Learj', Rev. (Joseph P.: McQuaide, 'John
T.'Greany, Frank T. Shea and Dr. J. F.
McCone. . ¦•¦' ¦ • .,'.-.-,¦.' ¦¦¦¦¦'¦.¦¦'¦ •-*¦¦;¦.'¦> ',;.•-:
r The room , below the main = hall was
transformed into an "international cafe,','
the walls of which were' completely ; cov
ered A with rare rugs and .Oriental hang
ings.' The scores of rugs. were loaned by
Mr. Plum and added much ¦ richness v to
the scene. Over- 1500 . feet of. garlands
jvere festooned about the room, and
Part II— Recital, -"Tacking Ship Off Shore/'
George T. Bromley of ¦ the Bohemian Club:
chorus, "A Life on the Ocean "Wave," United
States sailors and marines; waltz. "Tales From
the Vienna Woods," United States ship Pen
pacola orchestra: duet, "Quis Est Homo?"
(Rossini), Miss Millie Flynn and Mrs. M. ¦ E.
Blanchard; Spanish songs, ' (a) ' - : "Nadle . me
Quire." (b) "La Golondrina," (c) "La Pa
loma,"-.Miss Elsie Arden, accompanists Mrs. C.
J. Tooker and Miss Elsie Tooker, guitarists, and
Signor Fachuta, mandolinlst; quartet, "Ecco
- Quel Fiero" (Costar), Miss Millie Flynn, - Mr3.
• - M. E. Blaachard. O. . L. . Llenan. and Lr. Van
: Linghem; chorus, "Nancy Lee," United States
"¦Sailors and marines: auctioning posters (Zpg
haum .and MrsoKeeler), Horace G. Platt. auc
. fioneer.-,,, ¦.•¦'¦/¦- :;: ¦• -. v ' ¦.;¦,¦ . •-;
The Pr«sidio band and the U. S, S. Pen
. sacola orchestra alternated in playing for
the dancing.- .. • r . . . . r .
Miss Millie Flynn, accompanist : Mrs. W.t-J.
Hatchclder; 'cello ' solos, (a) Andante Op. 129
(Schumann), (b) "Chanson Villageoise" (Pop
per), Arthur. Weiss; .-vocal solos, (a) "April
Weather" (Lang), (b) "The Nereid's Lullaby,"
(c) "The Wild Hunt" (Johns), Mrs. M. E.
Blanchard. ¦. ¦. ¦
Musical Fiesta at Native Sons 7 Hall Proves Bril
liant Social and Financial Success.
March. "The White Squadron" - (TobanI) -
United States ship Pensacola orchestra.
Part I— Piano solo, (a) Prelude A fiat <Cho-
Pj n >.-< b > Polonaise Op. 53 (Chopin), ilrs. Oscar
Mansfeldt; vocal solo. "Le Cor". . (A. t FJegier*.
L. Van Linghem, acconrpanist, Wallace A.
Sabln; aria, "Hear Ye, Israel!" (Mendelssohn)
IGNATIAN" COUNCIL TO
CELEBRATE ANNTVEESAB.Y
f tronage and hard work . to the
charity, and"- the -proceeds, reach far up
into the thousands. The main hall, In
which occurred the first entertainment
and | dancing, was handsomely decorated
with national flags. The brilliantly light
ed hall was thronged j with scores of
prominent men and women in the choicest
of evening -dress, making the scene one
of beauty.- r j
• The affair, was directly tinder the man
agement of Mrs. B. H. McCalla, wife of
Captain B. H. McCalla, U. S. N., who has
already given the prize money -awarded
him J for,buV gallant -services, during the
Spanish- American war for ,a lot on' which
the ; clubhouse- is . to be built: * Tbre > enter
tainment in the upper hall was:under the
direction of Mrs. J./Mi'Goewey and Miss
Stella McCalla. THe, programme was as
follows: ¦ ¦ -\-. .: .
• ¦¦•¦¦"'(¦..'
IbmHE musical fiesta at Native Sons'
'•'-I Hall last evening for the benefit of
m.} the Sailors' Club at Vallejo was a
M." brilliant success. .Society lent pa-
Wharton K. Slater, employed tn
the motive- power department of the
Mexican Central Railroad. died In
the City of Mexico on March 27
from heart failure alter an ill
ness of two or three weeks. ' His remains
have been interred In- the United States
National Cemetery in the City of Mexico.
Mr. Slater was the son of-W. W. Slater,
Kignai engineer of the Southern Pacific
Company of this city. He was born April
20, 1875, at Pueblo, Colo.; was a graduate
of the Oakland High School; was em
ployed about five years as a draftsman In
the Southern Pacific shops at Sacramento,
and on May 23, 1S98, enlisted as a private
In Troop L Fourth Cavalry, and was sent
to the Philippines. He was honorably dis
charged August 6, 1899, having served In
four expeditions and fourteen : engage
ments against the Insurgents. '. •"-.¦ .- ¦ :
Death, of W. X. Slater.
wound > about the.jchandellers. A stage
was built across- one end of , the "cafe" •
for' the ''vaudeville entertainment, a
unique feature' of .which, was Signor Mari
ano's" company' .'of* marionettes, which
have recently Come from Sicily. The en
tire performance was announced by. her- •
aids . in ; costume. ' The marionette scenes
were interspersed with local talent. Mlsa
Llewellyn Jones had charge of. the lower
floor. ; The programme was as follows: ¦
Company.' of marionettes and - puppets . ! of
proae and song. <?on muslca analoga . (Claquer) ;
the herald's prologue .to I Pagllacci, . Zannl of
the Tlvoll ; Slgnor Mariano's programme | of his •
puppet show," from. the Teatro «1elle Marionette;
Representation of the history » of .the Em-'
peror Charlemagne, ] from the , Sicilian epic of '
the paladins of France : , '
. ¦--'. i . '. Scene I.^-'v
Charles with the Paladlna' lays siege to the
city of .Vienna;', battle with the ; Christians;
march of the marionettes; Belenghl; Plcclrillo;
MaggioCIub. - .:.-'. . ¦. - ¦ •¦ .
• ; Scene II. • ¦. • ' '".
The challenge 'to mortal combat, of Orlando
and 1 . Don Chiaro; nocturne from , the trio. Op.,
B9 (LucchoBl).-Mlss C. -Zlnnen, Miss -Eliza-'
bcth Ames, .Richard A. Lucchesl. '. ( .'
. • Scene III. . *
Second d.iy of 5 the. combat between Ortando
and Don Chtaro;. death - t of .' the latter by tho
ihan^'of Orlando; touching. scene; "A Song of
the Sea,"D. • M. Lawrence, late of , "King Do ;
Do" of the Castle Square Opera Company,
;.- .. ''¦ ." Scene'IV. '¦:•-;. :¦ . x, '-. ' .•
-' Festi%'al in Vienna; the dance of the knights
and ladles; Strlmpellata Kapolitana (Frlsio);
Maggio-Plcciriiro Club. • ' •
¦ . • . •¦ '¦'¦ Scene V. '¦:[ ¦ ¦"•
. : .Farce; epilogue and heralds; rhuslcal direc
tor, R. A. Lucchesi. ,. «• " ', • ,, •,
Befreshmerits were served *'>at' the 'small:
tables by society girls in the peasant cos->
.tumc of different nations. Those who dis
pensed-the. dainty vlanads were: : T :
Miss M.' Harrington, Miss Louise Harrington,
Miss G. Carolan, Miss B.. Drown; Miss Borel,
Miss Parrott, Miss Tfokes, Miss Georgina Jones,
Miss E. McBean, Miss .White, Miss Louie Red
lngton, Miss M. Rodgers, Miss Cline, Miss C.
Rooms -Richly Deco
rated for the Fete.
Miss Margaret Salisbury, Miss Ethel Cooper,
Miss Alice Bacon and Miss Ella Phelps d
<jMare Island, "Miss Helen Dean, Miss Pearl
Landers, Miss Lansdale. Miss Allen, Miss Daisy
Van Ness, Miss M. Eella. Miss Sarah Collier,
Miss '. Mabel ¦ Toy, Miss Elizabeth Hiiritington,
Miss Alma McCIung, Miss Bertha Dolbeer, Mrs. ¦
¦ J. L. Cadwalader, Miss Salllo Maynard, Miss
Tiny > O'Connor. Mlss.F. .Hopkins, the ; Mrs."
Will and Gu8 Taylor, the Misses Spreckels,
Miss : Susie Blandlng, Miss V. Jollffe, Mlsa G.
Merrill, Miss H. Wright and Miss K. Paterson.
-. Those. who occupied boxes were: -
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. William Ash
burner,' Mrs.f George- M. Stoney. . Mrs. I B. H.
' McCalla,' Mrs. E. Casey, Mrs. W.'H. Crocker.
: Mrs. William S. Tevis, Mrs. Whitelaw Reid,
/ Mrs. P. . J. Carolan, : Mrs. ¦ H. T. Scott, Mrs.
. : J. D. Harvey, Mrs. G. W. Glbbs, Mrs. Horace
Hill, Mrs. George Crocker, Mrs. H. J. ; Crocker.
J. W.\ Byrne, George A. Newhall,- Paymaster
.J. R.Stanton, U. S. N. 1 ; Mrs. Lawrence Poole,"
Mrs. Timothy .Hopkins,, Mrs. Robert Grace,
Christian Frojjllch and Mrs. P. LUIepthal. \
.. -The following is a complete list of pa
tronesses of the worthy charity: : . j (
¦ ' Mrs.' William Ashburner,' Mrs.;Pelham Amci,
¦ Mrs. William Bowers- Bourn, Mrs. Harry Bab
cock,: Mrs. John ? B. Babcock, Mrs. Albert W.
Bacon, Mrs. - R. R. Belknap. -Mrs. ¦ J.
Brlce,. Mrs.. Francis "J. Carolan, Mrs. . P. : B.
, Cornwall, -;Mrs. . Silas. ; Casey, Mrs. ¦ Horace
.'¦•Blanchard -Chase, . Mrs. . George " Crocker, Mrs. .
\ Henry Crocker, Mrs. Crocker, Mr-».
' Horace Davis, Mrs. -Walter , E. :" Dean, ' ¦ Mrs.
- George W. • Glbbs, . Mrs; '. Henry Glass. Mr«.
James Monroe^Goewey/. Mrs. .-William P. Har
: rlngton. "Mrs. [ Phebe Hearst. "-Mrs. : W." ; F.' Her
rln, -Mrs. Horace ' Hill, Mrs. Timp
¦ thy :, Hopkins, Mrs.- -William- Irwln.-vMrs.
Louis \ Kempff, Mrs. . Eleanor i Martin, ! • Mrs.
J, Van Dyke Mlddleton, Mrs. .Bowman H. l Mc
;•. Calla, Mrs. . John F. - Merrill. Mrs. Merrill . Mll
,>ler, Mrs/ .W.,F.-Nichols., Mrs. George A. Norris. :
'Mrs. J. R. K. .Nuttall, -Mrs. • George. Oulton,
Mrs. John Evelyn . Page,' Mrs/-- Louis Parrott,
Mrs. 1 . Carter; P.; Pomeroy. Mrs. Lawrence Pool,
'-¦_ Mrs.V J.> Lawrence • Rathbone, Mrs. William P.
-Redington.; Mrs. Whitelaw -Reid;- Mra. Augustus
K F\ Rodgers. Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, Mrs. Henry
- T Scott. Mrs . » Irving ' M •;- Scott, Mrs. George
* M. Stoney. .'Mrs. : Vanderlynn Stow, Mrs.
EHinwood, Miss E. Sperry, Miss Lucle King,
Miss Carrie Taylor, Miss' K.,.Herrin. Miss M.
Llvermore, Miss Kane. Miss Spnjgue, Miss M.
Salisbury. Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss Parks, Miss
Berry, Miss K. Patterson, Miss - E. Simpson,
Miss S. Maynard,, Miss Wright. Miss Church.
Some of the fair -ones who dispensed
candy, flowers and cigarettes were: '
Prominent Wonrien and
Men Lend Patronage.'
The session of the Grand Lodge of the
Degree of Honor, after accepting" the re
ports of the grand officers and . devising
ways to extend the order during the next
two years, closed its session after, the in
stallation of the following named officers:
' Minnie M. Bacon, grand chief of honor;
Cordelia. Albln, grand lady.- of honor;
Luella Whiting, • grand chief - of < ceremo
nies.; Loretta F. Donnelly," grand recorder-
Margarette H. Ohea, grand ; receiver*
, Flqra J. Nay and M..H. Ohea, representa
tives .to Superior ¦ Lodge. ' -,. , - . .
Degree of Honor.
Miss Gertrude May Billings and Roy
Culver Ward were. married last evening
at the home of the bride's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. George E. Billings, 1612 Clay,
street. The Rev. Bradford L*avitt of
ficiated. The wedding was a ¦ v,ery . quiet
affair. The bride was attended by a maid
of honor and two bridesmaids, Miss Elsie
Hoste, Miss Sophie Brannan -and -Miss
-Mattie ., Wellington. Ralston L. ¦ White
acted as best man.- The ushers were Wll
•!'aiii''J.' Belcher, Percy Burr,* Allen Chlck
'ering-ahd H. F. GouW.-. The bride was ati
tired in white satin and point -lace. J The
maid of honor was gowned in blue chif
fon.;. The.-: bridesmaids wore -white .chif
fon. Mr., and ! Mrs.\ Ward will 'reside in
Mill .Valley after their ,wedding trip.
Frank J. -fiymmes. Mrs. "William Tevis, Mrs. r
William' Thornton, Mrs. Joseph '.Trilley. Mrs.),
Charles- Stetson "Wheeler. - •
Gapt McGallaV Wife
.Directs Affair.
SOME SOCIETY WOMEN • \ WHO
I CONTRIBUTED TO THE SUCCESS
S OF BENEFIT MUSICAL. FIESTA,
Sessions will be held to-day at 9:30 and
2 o'clock, at the Mission House. The an
nual meeting will close with a reception at
the conclusion . of the afternoon pro
gramme. ¦ ¦' ¦ ¦ • ' . . .
In the evening a young people's meeting
was held at the First Presbyterian Church,
Oakland. •
Devotional, Mrs. J. P. Smith, Stockton;
"Should Auxiliary Meetings Be Suspended in
Vseation?" Mrs. F. S. Brush. Alameda; "Does
the Aid Society Cover the Entire Field in the
Church?" Mrs. J. B. Hume; Oakland; "Should
Auxiliaries Give T7p Their Strongest Members
for Preebyterial Officers?" Mrs. John Gamble,
Hay-wards; discussion, closed by Mrs. I. M.
Co-^fiit* §tate secretary; singing, by Chinese
children;/ "Our Traveling Library. Book Re
view." Miss Mabel T. Gray, Oakland; "Our
Publications," Mrs. A. L. Barry. San Fran
cisco; "Our Leaflets," discussion, closed by
Mrs. H. B. Pinney.
Horning Session Programme.
At the morning session the following
pitigrammj was given. j ". - .
After devotional services at 2. o'clock,' a
class cf thirty Chinese. tots from the_kjn
dergarten established by the mission withy
in the last year filed upon the platform to
the tune of ''Marching Through Georgia."
Under the direction of their teacher. Miss
Ames, they sang "America" and'several
kindergarten songs and went through
other exercises and games -to .the great de
light of the audience.
Among the missionaries whose descrip
tions of their lieWs of labor lent especial
interest to the afternoon programme were
Dr. Alice Fish Moffatt of Korea, formerly
Miss Alice Fish of San Rafael; Dr. Maud
Allen of India, Rev. and Mrs. W. F.
Shields of L»sos, Dr. and Mrs. James Alex
ander and Miss Alexander of India, Dr.
Carl C. Hanson of Lacs and Mrs. H. Al
len of Persia. Mrs. Dr. Goodwin of Che
foo, China, formerly Miss Berry, Miss
Grace Russell of Persia, Mrs. O. F. "Wis
ner of China, Mrs. J. G. Watson, Dr. and
Mrs. D. A. Beatie, Dr. and Mrs. I. M.
Condit and Dr. and Mrs. E. A. . Sturge
were also present on the platform.
Chinese Tots Sing "America."
Have you read of that -village In India with
its 1300 inhabitants called together oneJmorn
icg not long ago by a Brahman priest, who
was its chief, and who had reen u.nJ, heard
and for some time had been studying care'uliy
the influences among: his. people? "Brethren."
he- said, "let us have no differences of opinion
htre If you are ready to move on tog?thw,
move. We want no schisms. If you want to
change your temple into a Jesus church, do so.
I shall find no fault." And they did so. The
Btone step leading into that transformed tem
ple is an Idol turned face downward. ¦
Writers of successful fiction are as a rule
rr-titers of the art Of. picturing extremes. The
laws of contrast and the effect of contrast on
tho human mind ere carefully studied by them,
end their word-pictures are painted with a
view to Influencing their audiences. But
where, in fiction, can be found such wonder
ful subjects for word-palntin? as tha mission
ary Intelligences from all over the world are
bringing daily to us? < . ; '-.
Tlit re are the most wonderful events taking
' place all the time In the world of missions.
; We talk about the power of a vivid imagina
tion and delight In its revels In modern fiction,
yet th«"e Is nothing in the- entire world of the
'. imagination that will In 'any sense of .the
¦ vord compare with facts as they are being
lived in China, In Japan, in the islands of the
6<*a. everywhere, indeed, that the voice of the
. Witness for Christ has reached; incidents pa
thetic, heroic, ludicrous, startling, sublime: In
cidents athrob with significance when taken
¦ in connection with the world's future.
"Wonderful Work of Missions.
The second day's seSsJon of the twenty
.. ninth annual meeting*or tne Woman's Oc
. cidental Board of Foreign Missions, held
at the Mission House. 920 Sacramento
¦ street, yesterday, was made notable by the
' presence and participation of a large num
ber of workers in the foreign missions and
by the altogether cheery presence of Mrs.
Isabella Macdonald Alden. known and be
loved by some millions of children as the
author of the "Pansy" books.
Mrs. C. S. Wright, who presided, an-
I nounced that a great treat was In store
for those in attendance, and when she in
, troduced "Pansy," the audience of women
broke into enthusiastic applause. Mrs.
Alden now "lives at Palo Alto, 'her son be
ing a professor in the English' department
cf Stanford University. Her paper was on
' "Young People in Missions." In the course
of her remarks she said;
. The new officers were Installed by Past
Grand Master Barnes, after which there
were addresses by the outgoing and ; in
coming officers.
E. A. ' Freeman of Jackson, Grand Master
Workman; Dr. F. W. Browning of Alameda,
Grand Foreman; E. H. Dunton of Berkeley,
Grand Overseer; C. T. Spencer, Grand Re
corder, (re-elected) I Samuel Booth of San Fran
cisco. Grand Receiver (re-elected) ; ' Dr. James
L. Mayon of Oakland.- Grand Medical Exam
iner ;W.K. D. Morrison, -. Duncan McPherson
ami Charles E. Snook, Supreme representatives.
A motion to authorize the Incoming
master workman to appoint a committee
on vital statistics was lost.- .
The election resulted in the choice of the
following named:
The date of the meeting of the Grand
Lodge was changed from the first to the
second Tuesday in April of each year.
The report of the committee on the hon
ored dead was adopted by a rising vote.
The report of the finance committee was
adopted.
At the evening session the resolution of
Vallejo Lodge recommending that the su
preme representatives urge the Supreme
Lodge to secure legislation to the effect
that all Governmental work should be
done by the Government was tabled.
A proposition to change the initiation
fee was defeated.
Besolution Is Tabled.
The mater was debated by Grand Fore
man Freeman, C. H. Dunton. E. C Stock.
George H. Bahrs, William H. Jordan,
John Hoesch, William Vlnter and David
S. Hirshberg. A vote was taken and Dun
tpn's amendment was carried by a large
majority. The report as amended was
then adopted. .
That the State -be divided by the. Board of
Corporate Directors Into four districts, each
district to be placed In charge of a competent
officer,* who may be either a Grand lodge offi
cer or a special deputy, whichever • the Grand
Master Workman may decide to be for the
be*t interest of the district. The Grand Mas
ter Workman shall have charge of and super
vision over all the districts, and shall devote
all the time his private business will permit to
the upbuilding and extension of the- order.- and
for his services he shall be paid a reasonable
compensation, such compensation to be fixed
by the Board of Corporate Directors. . The
Grand Master Workman, by and with the con
sent of the extension committee appointed by
the Board of Corporate Directors, shall ap
point all special deputies, but the number to
be employed and the compensation to be al
lowed each deputy shall be fixed by the Board
of Corporate Directors.
Plans for Districts.
The forenoon and afternoon session of
the Grand Lodge of the. Ancient Order of
United Workmen yesterday was taken up
In. considering the two. reports that were
presented for the advancement of exten
sion work during the current term. There
did not appear any chance for either re
port being adopted, so It was decided to
refer the reports to another committee,
which will formulate a plan embodying
the best features of each. _"
Past Grand Masters W. - H. Jordan.
George- B. Katzenstein, I>- S. Hirshberg^.
William Vlnter and W. H. Barnes wer*
appointed a committee. .-
• At the afternoon session the committee
presented a report which proposed to
create a. chief extension commissioner at
a salary of $2400 a year and expenses. C.
H. Dunton offered a motion that the fol
lowing be substiuted for the section of the
committee's report relative to» an exten
sion commissioner:
Extension Work Plan Adopt
ed After an All-Day
Discussioa
Meeting Will Be He!d
To-Day.
Final Sessions of the Annual
Grand Officers Chosen
for the Current
Term. /
Delivers a Cheery
Address.
Author of "Pansy" Bo oks
WOMEN DISCUSS
MISSION WORK
WORKMEN CLOSE
THEIR MEETINGS
STREAM OF GOLD UPON WHICH THE SAILORS' CLUB WILL BE LAUNCHED
IS TURNED BY SOCIETY INTO THE COFFERS OF A MOST WORTHY CHARITY
TIIE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 4, 1902.
4
Why is a joke like
most $3*50 Shoes? |
Because it won't stand dissection I j
The Regal is the only Shoe, at
$3.50, which courts the knife.
" Regal " dissection reveals a Sole j
of genuine Live Oak leather— tough as
wire, light as fiber, and flexible as the j
foot. \* .
• Such soles add a dcflar to the wear
¦of shoes, arid ten or fifteen cents to
their cost;
This extra cost means over $400.00 l!
. per day to the Regal factory. ] j
, : Observe— $400.00 per day to use
Live Oak soles ia every Regal Shoe,
instead of tlie brittle "Hemlock'' or !
"Red '' leather used in the soles of other »
$3.50 shoes.
to Consumer" makes
this possible. Write for Style Book; . ]
Sold only in 45 Fcgal Store, from New York t, San Francisco and Londoa AI,o by mail ,
A delicious
Preserve
.'ts < a-, dainty tatlc
delight*
' The mo§t delicious
;: Ipreserves
sold anywhere arc
Yo« can get them
in all varieties;
at all grocers.
Free from
unnatural coloring -: j
and preserving
compounds.
Try a Jar.
Long Syrup EefiniDg Co.
'> 8;h and Brannan Sts.
| San Francisco,
Phone South 4S3,' California Optical Co. .will formally open
their. new. store r at 205 Kearny street " Sat
urday evening, April 5. --You are cordially
invited. >':':¦ -ttsmtiBM ','*¦-".
T..Bend[netti, a fruit wagon driver,"en
tered the store : conducted : byi G.t Rlcconl;
at Fifteenth - and Sanchez '. • jstreets.'^i and
fired , a shot at; the ; latter. The;; bullet
missed its' Intended victim. .< The 'police
are looking : for Bendlnetti. '; .-•;',
Shooting . in '. the; Mission.
August A. ,; Hallehquint; a hack driver,
was run into: by a Halght-street ; car • last
night at ; Masonic avenue 'and -received -a'
lacerated scalp as well as having .His:' cab
knocked from its wheels.' He; had "three
people in the cab at the time,' but in some
unaccountable manner "they escaped : in
jury. 1 - Hallenquint was treated at the Re
ceiving Hospital.
Cable Car Smashes Cab.
• i The members of the ¦, California . Schuet
zen Club. were awarded prizes: last. night
at Turn Vereln" Hall on Twelfth street .for
the ' accuracy. In " marksmanship they , dis
played In ¦ the contests at Schuetzen Park
on .Easter Sunday. ¦' One hundred and
twenty-six .beautiful trophies : were dis
tributed.- Af, S. Pape received a handsome
solid silver set V as . a" reward for making
74,- the; highest, score- of the- cmy.;..HIs
score iwas': but one less- than the possible
75 D.' W; 'McLaughlln " secured ¦- second
prize with a score of 72; A..Strecker,third
prize,: with v ; a '¦>• score * of , 71 ; • J: 'Utschig,
fourth prize, with a score of 71, and Louis
Reubold; fifth prize, with a score of 71. . '-
. On the ¦ money target, F. E. ; Mason . se
cured first prize by maklng.73,. while A. H.
Pape and A. Gehret/were awarded : second
and 3 third prizes ':. respectively. . F. Levers
was awarded a handsome silver goblet for
making the lowest ¦ number ¦ of • rings : with
out missing, '.the.target.' Captain^ Max
Schmidt of i the ' San ) Jose | Rifle Club car
riedl' away, fourteen prizes, y ; which are to
be '. distributed i among the . sharpshooters
of ; the : Garden * v City, who are • members of
the' California' Schuetzen .Club and -who
participated- in jthe ¦ contests, s Al H." Pape
was- crowned with a. -laurel ; wreath r ror
making the highest ' average : scores ; of the
day.7 zsiB&8gB9i33&&t v : ' ¦ ' ' ~'.^an
Get Trophies for ; Workf on
-,J '/ ¦ \) Easter Sunday. ,
California Schuetzen. Club Members
PRIZES ARE GIVEN"
-' TO SHARPSHOOTERS
- A '.woman - living/on ': the opposite side of
the street saw. the men enter the prem
ises, but as they »had keys that so easily
opened the door, she took it for granted"
that'they had a right to enter. She was
able 'to give- a good - description ' of -¦- the
burglars and the • conveyance . they used
to. carry away their plunder. . •
A daring burglary took place yesterday
morning shortly after daylight at the
plumbing shop.V30S Laurel street.' Two
men! drove up to the premises r and, un
locking the- door. without any trouble en
tered the establishment and ' werel soon
loading their wa'gon- with plunder to the
value of $400,. consisting of white lead, a
quantity of -leaiT pipe and brass fittings.
The men drove away and when. the pro
prietor arrived ihe was astounded to dis
cover his loss. llWJllll'fllil l
and Bra S3 Fittings Valued at
Four Hundred Dollars.
Enter Plumbing Shop and Steal Lead
DARING BURGLARS HAKE;-
V. EARLY, MORNING RAID
, Customs Collector Stratton has ap
pointed Charles L. Marple as assistant
adjuster of duties to assist C. H. Blinn.
the newly appointed clerk who takes the
place of the late Harlow White. Mr. Mar
pie's salary will be $1800 per annum. B.
P. Matteson, who was assistant under
Harlow White, declined the appointment.
Charles L. Marple Appointed.
The clearance card, it Is announced, will
permit the bearers to free entrance into
any other local that, has remained loyal
to the national society. It is also an
nounced that the \ clearance : card > will be
received as full and free admission ¦ into
a new local of the United Brotherhood
about to be formed.
A circular statement issued by General
President W. Huber on April 2 announced
the. suspension of Union No. 22 from the
brotherhood .and that clearance cards
would be issued to all members desiring
to remain in the national organization
who will accept the decision of the gen
eral executive board and obey the rulings
Since the circular was .issued I members
have been warned by P. P. Nichols to pay
no attention to the call for a meeting to
be held to-night at Turk-street Temple.
-To emphasize the suspension a further
notice has been issued by- James F
Grimes,- member of the general executive
board, to the effect that Union. No. 22 has
been duly suspended with the consent of
the general executive board, and there
fore the union, he says, can no longer do
business under Its old title. .,- .
tion to Call for Meeting
To-Night.
Members Warned to Pay No Atten-
DISSENSION IN TJNION
¦f$i& . CAMP GROWS ACUTE
Ventura was thrown into. the center of
the channel and was carried down about
300 yards before he could reach the shore,
while Twist drifted in a slightly different
direction and with great dlfflculty-at last
succeeded in reaching a small gravel Bar
in the center of the river. After gaining
the bank Ventura hastened to town and
reported that , Twist was on the gravel
bar. In a verV few minutes , a hundred
men or more were on ; the . bank of -the
stream devising ways and means by which
Twist. could be brought to shore. .Ropes
were at hand, but the matter of throwing
a rope to the drenched man was Imprac
ticable, the distance being too great.
. Then E. M- Shelford, a- hardy pioneer
residing on the other, side ¦; of the- river,
and a friend of Twist,- threw off his coat,
removed . the ¦ saddle \ from: his ' horse, and
with best wishes and godspeed from every
one on shore he ' rode ; into the stream.
Deeper and deeper.- in to, the torrent;.; he
went " while breaths grew short and hearts
almost ceased to beat among those on the
shore. But at laat all breathed a sigh of
relief as the horps began to ( climb > upon
the .bar.' When* 1 . Twist, shivering .and
numb, , had been helped upon 'the horse
they proceeded upon the return- trip,
which was made without accident, and- a
'shout went up as the rescuer.- and res-,
cued reached .the ;bank., .
CLOVERDALE, April , 3.— What might
have proved a very serious accident hap
pened in Russian River just east of town
to-day. H. Travis Twist, the superin
tendent of the Moultori Hill Vineyard com
pany, together with Baffa Ventura, a fore
man If one of; the ranches belonging, to
that company, attempted -to. ford the river
a short distance below the bridge,: which
Is out of repair,: and ¦ when in . midstream
the (buggy; overturned, percipitating both
men - into the - raging . The horse
was lost, the buggy wrecked and both
men were. all but drowned. ,
Special Dispatch to The ' Call. • s
: The number : of . individual ' telephones • pro
vided-in", these plans- is 25,000, ;. with an ulti
mate canacity of 43,000. • The entire city- is
divided ' into .separate ": districts,;- each ;- one '.-, of
which twill '. be ¦ provided with at central district.
The i district ? includes ; the : northeast with > 1000
.¦ TheT. Board '¦ of ; - Works submitted , to : : the
committee • plans , and estimates of cost ' o t
a (municipal" telephone: system,- prepared
by City, Engineer Grunsky. '¦ The planning
of i the ; system was inirusted to Professor
Or L; Cory, who fixes the cost estimate for.
office- buildings, office and telephone equip
ments, 1 : conduit . system I and real estate at
$2,434,672, , to which is added $65,328 for en
gineering and supervision, making a total
of $2,500,000.^" The report says:
Municipal > Telephone System.
¦.The Merchants' Association submitted; a
resolution ¦• favoring the : flrst'project and
also the lowering,.' of- 'Sansome - street
grades,; in order to relieve congested traf
fic,' but' advocating .that the two projects
be separated. ' « .
Mrs. Hittell and 'Dr. Dorothea Moore,
representing. the California Club, opposed
the partial; removal' of the' hill,- as recom
'mended by ¦ the; North .Central, Improve
ment: Association. Mrs. Hittell pleaded
; for the preservation -of I the -hill and thft
construction of a park . thereon. Edgar
Painter, r secretary ¦ of v the association
named, spoke in favor of a tunnel through
the . hill - and ; the ' lowering of Sansome
street- grades.-' Painter held that thetp'an
to beaut fy the hill should b 2 subord nated
to . the ' commercial " advantages -¦; which
would result from a proper, treatment of
; the hill.; 7 ' " "
Oppose '[ Removal'of Hill.
Project '< No*. '. 3 is a combination of pro
jects'Nos.l: and 2. to 'cost $820,000. - Pro
ject No. 4 is the same as project No. 1.
with the » addition of - such changes of
street grades necessary on Telegraph Hill
streets, but " without regard to > lowering
Sansome - street, , to . cost : $558,000. Project
No. '5 Is the same as'project No.' 4, with
the : ' added; requirement ¦ that ' Sansome
street beat once reconstructed, the total
cost being $902,0001 - Projects No.' 6 < Is the
same as the fifth, but Instead ; of Vwaiting
until adjacent property and.-streets are
graded before improving the proposed city
property the grading of city property. is
assumed to be undertaken; at once, and
the cost of permanent stairway 8 and par
'apet walls Is included in an estimate of
$1,590,000.: Project No. 7 includes the con
struction qf^a' new. street at the base of
the hill.r to-cost $l,63S,000. Project No. 8
contemplates in '• addition ; to ,the items of
project No. 7. the construction of a^short
, tunnel ; from Montgomery . street, befwe en
Vallejo and Green streets, .to cost $1,809,
000. The other projects vary, in cost from
$319,000 for lowering Sansome street gtades
to $1,671,000 for, the tunnel scheme.
Project No.'' 2 contemplates the building
of a : tunnel along Montgomery j street . for
a length of ; 2415 .feet, a width , of thirty
-feet and a height of sixteen feet. The
cost of the tunnel, Including damages to
property. at tunnel approaches,, is fixed at
$360,000' ;. .: ;
• The Supervisors' Public Utilities Com
mittee received- the report yesterday of
City Engineer Grunsky ; concerning the
cost of preserving and , improving Tele
graph Hill. The committee: agreed to
recommend Uhat the first project desig
nated in the report be Incorporated in the
proposed bond issue at a cost of $460,000. .
;. The City Engineer's report comprises
fourteen projects, the first of which icon
templates the construction of a road on
the hilltop and . the ' purchase of the east
ern portion of the block bounded by Du
pont, V Greenwich,- Kearny and Lombard
streets, which would insure the preserva
tion of the hill, at a cost of $452,000. Road
construction and temporary stairways
would cost '$8000. V .
That the Merchants'- Association believes that
an additional „ thoroughfare, with ' . moderate
grades,-^ from the northern seawall to the cen
tral portion of, the city, will soon become neces
sary to relieve' the congestion of travel along
the water front, and for this purpose favors the
lowering of the grade on Sansome street as
proposed by the City Engineer, on condition
that this proposition is kept separate and dis
tinct from the proposition to preserve and Im
prove Telegraph Hill, and that the proper city
authorities shall decide whether the expense of
the, lowering, of said street and the consequent
damages to adjacent property shall be borne by
the city or by an assessment district.
.That the Merchants' Association favors the
preservation of Telegraph Hill and approves the
report,' herewith submitted, of its special com
mittee on the improvement of Telegraph Hill,
which recommends that the city should acquire
lands ' on the eastern, northeastern and north
ern slopes of Telegraph Hill, as shown on sheet
No. .1 of the City Engineer's report, dated May
20 • 1901 together with all that portion of the
block of land bounded by Kearny, Dupont,
At. the regular, "meeting of the Mer
chants' Association - held yesterday the
following resolutions were adopted:
some Street Grade Lowered and
Telegraph Hill* Preserved.
Merchants' Association Wants San-
regards" improvements
as.hiqh1t necessary
Supervisors Include Plan
in Proposed Bond . . .;
A s Courageous Pioneer
Braves Russian River
Torrent.
.The. United States Civil Service Com
mission; announces that on dates men
tioned examinations will be held in San
Francisco and elsewhere for the follow
ing positions: ¦ April 22— Assistant (scien
t'.fic), Department of Agriculture. May C—
Librarian, • Philippine service, to . take
charge of the scientific library of the
Government laboratories at Manila at a
salary of $1400 per annum; age limit, IS
to ¦ 40 years. May 6-7 — Examiner of sur
veys, General Land Onlce; two positions
at a salary of $5 per diem each while em
ployed. Marine draughtsman, lighthouse
service; 'twelve vacancies; 1 age limit, 20
years or over. Junior /architectural
draughtsman; salary $840 per annum. Per
sens who desire to compete should apply
to the United States Civil Service Com
mission. Washington, D. C, or to the sec
retary of the local board of examiners,
Postoffice; for necessary application
forms, which should be filed with the
commission. . . :
Civil Service Examinations.
RESCUES FRIEND
AT RISK OF LIFE
WANT TELEGRAPH
HILL IMPROVED
The Merchants' Association recommends that
this proposition be incorporated in the proposed
bond issue and submitted to the vote of the
people at the next bond election. .
Greenwich and Lombard streets, lying' east of
Telegraph and Good Children's streets, and the
construction of a winding roadway through, said
block of land to the top of the hill, as proposed
In project No. 1 of the City Engineer's report.
dated March 29. 1002.
telephones, - northweit : 2-100. - mala 8000. centra)
7000, "west 2500. southeast 400, southwest 2200.
Each; telephone Is treated as- re<tuirins an in
dividual line." It is proposed" to- use the most
modem and-lmproved- apparatus throughout, so
constructed, that it "should give a more satis
factory*-service in* every '.¦way than that novr
given by the existing telephone company, much
of Its: equiDment.-lfis contended, being or a
.type now antiquated and poorly adapted to the
needs of a modern system. 'It is proposed to
locate the office of the central district in the
City Hall.
J. Frank Walter, investment broker,
swore to a complaint in Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday for the arrest of W. S.
Brown on a charge of felony embezzle
ment. Brown was his stenographer and
on March 18 he sent him with money or
ders for $150 to be cashed at Wells-
Fargo's. He cashed the orders, but has
not been seen since.
Wanted for Embezzlement:
The Ruskin Club is making preparations
for !ts annual socialist dinner, which is
to be given this evening -at 29 Stock
ton street. Invitations have been sent to
the great socialist advocates in Italy,
France, Germany, England and Belgium,
end their replies will be read at the din
ner. Socialist songs will be sung, and
many of the best socialist speakers will
present their views on interesting and
timely topics.
Socialists to Sine.
The father was arrested and released on
bail. He said the boy was incorrigible
and would soon find himself in prison.
He was In the habit of stealing from his
mother, the father said, and that was
why he beat him with a strap, as he
wanted to try first if he could not make
a good boy out of him. The boy, he sup
posed, had been influenced to swear to the
warrant for his arrest by the .people In
Oakland, whose son he blamed v for lead
ing the boy astray.
The unusual spectacle of a boy swear
ing out a warrant for the arrest of his
father on a. charge of battery was wit
nessed in Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day morning. The boy was John Ever
ding, 13 years of age, and his father is
Herman Everdlng, a shoemaker, living at
746 Howard street. The boy claimed that
his father constantly beat him brutally
wltHout provocation, and he was forced to
leave home and go to friends in Oakland.
Beaten With a Shoemaker's
Strap.
John Everding Objects to Being
BOY HAS -HIS FATHER
ABBESTED FOR BATTERY
So far. the plans of the new company
have been kept quiet. The capitalization
will be for a large sum, sufficient for 'the
construction of an adequate plant and for
all other necessary purposes, g M. M Og
den says that his agency in the matter
has been largely to secure the deposits of
magnetite, chrome Iron and hematite that
have been bonded.
An Adequate Plant.
The distinctive feature of the Ruthen
berg process is. the taking: of the concen
trates, cleaned up to the highest.possible
point of purity;. and pitting them through'
an electric furnace,. the melting zone of
which is a magnetic field. The ore < belns
magnetic, the magnetic field, holds the
grains of magnetite, so it is claimed/ and
the polar projections of this magnetic
field, being at the same time the elec
trodes of the smelting circuit. , the mag
netic bridge* thus formed by the ore pro
duces a high resistance in the smelting
circuit. When the ore loses its magnetism
and gathers weieht from the molten metal
being added to it. It falls out of the mag
netic field. Its place beinsr taken by fresh
portions of ore from above. The result of
ths operation is said to be agglomerated
coherent masses, ranging in size from a
bean to a walnut, that are tough and por.
ous. differiner In no way from the or«
prior to its agglomeration. The product Is
then in good condition for use in the blast
furnaces.
According to letters received by Mi M.
Ogden, the assays of samples of Califor
nia ore taken East by Mr. .Wolf have
assayed 67.20 iron, entirely free from sul
phur or phosphorus., The ore at Lebanon
contains only 45 per cent- of ; iron and car
ries sulphur. The ore handled for'Schaen
at his plant at Moise shows only 25 per
cent of Iron. Some time has been con
sumed in looking about for a site i for a
mill. Mr. Ogden says that several sites
have been offered.. The manufacture of
steel rails, .mining . machinery and all
forms of structural steel in this city is
regarded as a part of the scheme in view.
One advantage, that is claimed over many
sections is ' the . abundance of cheap oil
fuel, which : will- be employed , in the
hearths to be established here. :
Assays of Ore.
The Ruthenberg process has engaged the
attention/ -of . Charles Schaen,,a. large
Eastern manufacturer of steel car wheels,
who ia building a series . of plants to b»
operated under it. ' One of these plants is
at Pittsburg arid'another j at " Lockport,
M. M. Ogden says that the first instal
lation of the plant in this city will repre
sent • ah .'output of - 300 tons | of steel per
day and- that the capacity can be raised
to 12,000 tons per day. -./..-
;M. M. Ogden, who is connected with
the enterprise, says, that it has been as
certained that steel can, be made here by
the Ruthenberg method cheaper than- in
the East Control has been secured for
the. exclusive- use of the Ruthenberg
process for .the Pacific Coast by those
who ,have taken an active interest in the
proposed steel plant. Deposits of. mag
netite, chrome Iron and hen»atlte have been
secured,- all - of- which ¦ are - easy-of- access
and some are near tidewater, none being
very remote from San Francisco. Mar
cus Ruthenberg, the inventor of. the pro
cess bearing his name, Is an electrical ex
pert of Philadelphia. His invention is in
use at Steelton, Pa. ' A plant to employ
it is nearly completed for the.Pennsyl
vania Steel Company at Lebanon, Pa, Mr.
Wolf has found that the ore at Lebanon,
Is similar to -that in the California deF
posits. Various assays have determined
this point. , ' . -. ' '.
Rights Are Secured.
j Henry C. Wolf, who was for many years
chemist for the Pacific Rolling Mills and
during the last five years has been chem
ist for, the Union Iron Works, .'has gone
East in connection with the'new;enter
prise. He has investigated the process of
Ruthenberg in PennsylvanIa.ancLhe.';has
also had assays *of the"- California V iron
ore made. His reports have. been so satis
factory that the organization of the com
pany, here has been accelerated. ¦ Eastern
aha local moneyed men are concerned. ;
A: large", steel manufacturing -plant, to
be situated in San Francisco,' is projected.
.'The" parties back^-of- the "enterprise tsay
that vast deposits of magnetic iron in this
Statehave been bonded. By < the ; use of
what is known as the Ruthenberg process
it is proposed to create 'an r industry 'that
contains the possibility? of making, this
city the center of steel supply; 1 for. the Pa:
clflc Coast. Articles of Incorporation- will
probably be filed in a '. few " days, giving
legal standing to a company '• formed to
exploit California's magnetic iron ': sup
ply. .- .-¦' ..- r ¦¦ ¦-¦..¦:.;• \ I}'
W. A. Adams was held on a .charge of
grand larceny- in $1000 bonds. He was
accused of stealing an order- for a rail
road ticket to Wisconsin and the dis
charge papers of A. Lancton, a former
soldier, in arsaloon on Kearny street, near
Jackson, March 22.
Judge Mogan held James Flannery to
answer on a charge of burglary in $2000
bonds. He broke into the Electric Laun
dry, 835 Folsom street, on March 17 and
stole a quantity of clothing, which ho
was trying to sell when arrested. The
proprietor - of • the > laundry stated that
about $1000 worth ¦ of clothing had been
stolen from their plaoe within a year. , ¦
Willis McKnight and W. Johnson were
held for robbery in $3000. bonds each.
They are accused of holding. up W. J.
Beck of 641 Howard street at New Mont
gomery and Howard streets on the morn
ing cf March 23. When they found he had
no money they compelled him to take off
his coat and vest, which they | stole.
Policemen Chase, McQuaide and Cassidy
pursued and captured them. McKnight
took refuge on top .of a shed and was fol
lowed by Chase and in a struggle they fell
to the ground, Chase injuring his right
leg. ' ; -
Frank D. Ogilvie, the former, soldier
from St. Louis, was held on two charges
of forgery in $2000 bonds on each charge.
He forged the name of J. WV Wrenn,
chief clerk of the California* Hotel, ttf or
ders on M. A. Gunst & Co. for cigars and
the Rosenthal Shoe Company for shoes on
March 22. - .:.;.. Y
Thomas Coulter was held on a charge of
burglary in $1000 bonds . for breaking the
show window of George H. Kahn, ¦ 201
Kearny street, on the. morning of Feb.
ruary 14 and stealing - several . valuable
articles. He was chased and captured by
Policeman Douglass. .
Police Judge Conlan made a- record yes
terday by ; holding five defendants -to
answer before the Superior Court,', two for,
robbery, one for forgery, one for burglary
and one for grand larceny. ?;¦ ,. ,
Attorney Stidger told Detective Dillon
that Mrs. Lorene Jones was living on
Thirty-eighth street, near Telegraph ave
nue, Oakland, about three months ago,
but that was the last he heard of her.
Detective Dillon was detailed to make
Inquiry, and yesterday he reported his
findings. He found that Jones and the
young woman calling herself his wife
rented rooms at 628 Montgomery street
from Attorneys Stldger & Stidger, where
he sold his patent medicine. On June 7
last he made a will, leaving all his prop
erty to his alleged wife, Lorene Jones,
consisting of $1100 in the Hibernia Bank,
furniture valued at $100 and his patent
for medicine, valued at another $100. and
mining interests, which, however, Stidger
& Stidger could not find any trace of. The
will . was witnessed by S. H. Brooks and
acknowledged before H. S. Foote, notary
public It was probated in Judge Dunne's
court, and after paying off all bills the
property was given to Mrs. Lorene Jones.
Jones died at St. Joseph's Home on June
21 while suffering from delirium tremens,
and the cause of his death was given as
chronic alcoholism. His body was cre
mated in Odd Fel ows' Cemetery. He was
60 years of age and a native of Ken
tucky.
Left Property to Irorens.
This letter was followed by one from
Clements & Clements, attorneys, West
Union, Iowa. They wrote that Jones was
married April 14. 18*4. to Miss Lorlnda
Conrad^nd lived with her till November
15. 1300. That day she left him to visit
friends In Clermont. Iowa, and Jones left'
for St. Louis. In May last Jones left St.
Louis for this city, taking with him Lo
rene Veitt, a grirl "2Q years of age, and it
was claimed that they had been married
in Oakland on arriving there. The real
Mrs. Jones and her husband had visited
this city on a former occasion and she be
came acquainted with'a Mrs. S. M. Dyer,
who now lives in Decoto. Alameda Coun
ty, and -p. Mrs. Huls. When these ladies
learned Jthat Mr. and Mrs. Jones were in
this city they called, but were surprised
to fin<{fthe young woman, who said she
was now Mrs.- Jones. Mrs. Jones No. 2
sent for her brother, who was supposed
to be her husband, and he lived with
them. When Jones left St. Louis for this
city he had $2000 and the patent for his
medicine. It was believed that he owned
mines and other property.
Former Friends Surprised.
Last December Chief Wittman received
a letter from Mrs. J. P. Jones of Arling
ton. Fayette County, Iowa, asking- him to
make inquiry about her husband. She
said she last heard from him on May 17,
but in July she received a letter from. Dr.
P. H. Alpiza of this city asking if her
husband had any property, as it was pro
posed to form a company to manufacture
his patent medicine. She also asked If she
could procure employment sis a | seam
stress if she came here.
The police have unearthed a skeleton in
the closet of the late James P. Jones, a
vender of patent medicines, who died here
last June, leaving a supposed widow of
twenty summers to mourn his loss. It
was given out at -the time of his death
that his wealth in mines was enormous,
but it now appears that his supposed
wealth was all a myth.
0- — ¦!¦—¦¦¦« ¦
Deposits:- of Native Ores Are
Bonded by the Pro
moters..
Soldier Who Forged Name of
J. W. Wrenn Must Also
Stand TriaL
It Is Said He Eloped With
Young •Woman He Made
His Beneficiary.
A Company Organizing
That Will Locate in
This City.
Facts Show That Late
"Dr." James Jones
Led Dual Life. /
the Number.
Robber Caught by. Po
liceman Chase Among
PROPOSE LARGE
STEEL CONCERN
FIVE OFFENDERS
ARE HELD OVER
EXPOSE COMES
AFTER DEMISE
THE S AN >FR A-NX3ISCO~ CALL, FR IDlAY, APR IL 4, 1902.
5
-^^ • : );'*_.'_ rcs EMPORIUM.
,.....-.. .".:¦¦¦"..•;.•.;.••.:."-¦•- " ¦' ° . P .', ', ,."¦ "¦ -' ° ". ; °: . '" _. ;¦ '*\ \, - r - _ |- '*,'..' , ¦ ' %
J Saturday N.ght Only ; Rmor^ Butter Sale, 3 5Gm $
J Men'js \Pants-^-$1*69. Riad what '/ he ia'kin«. sign sivs. It entertains and interests The Best Creamery Butter in the mar- J
ft Another of our great Saturday evening Specials' i!in,, csinrf <• ¦' nf-h'jnhls Ml hilv If fir? dirt* lh? -mpiihar ket; regu'ar siz= squares; on special X
«•¦ in the Clothing; Department (from 7 to - inOUSanqS-OJ ;¦ p/OpM III IMV . U preaiCIS UU WeJlllfr. sale again this Friday at O^W 5
If io: 3 o p. m. only)— Men's strictly all-wool Pj n rt PoD^ ( Lltfe teHtUS ) A ''/I 'fW Stock 1 USt feCeiVeQ ?, $ l.OO, -•¦¦ *$ «3> C >l
tt'l Cassimere Pants— heavy ; ; we"ght— extra well • ° * V .U . - --. M -. -.: J ' >•->'¦-> • • • • • • • • • •-•;.¦ -./.¦ %
K ¦ .made, 'worth $3.00 per pair; m '^ LL ' ' S'/f..CO ClTlCl'i-'^.OO. . . ~r ' 'I ' Jt
g 'oh ;ale- during the above hours iBMaOiS - : - •¦>¦ A SpOCiOli Sale O* J
JC — — —^— \£^---«sbb> Rial Madras. j
ff ffi7 tiH <fif A ¦ 48tt9 Kf2 jry**r •' - s& JO ' '," The fine woven Scotch fabrics, \t iothei wide, X
S^T-f-"-™* WIU, ®I*.OU ¦:-... < ¦.-¦¦••V :d '. > - >'-'¦*¦ dark or medium colorings/^iubte for whole §
Sf Tnmnisti Hats. : '- •; ¦ : '-^^Tr/ ; /> 'i<r^^>^'-iWL/^7'-''i r -^#'i^/' Wts or wUl makc styKsh wa$ts; bstrad of x
S7 50 sid i00 S'2 50 H ' — S" * - <W J&'m -J~ es^ I "/o-Sm'mwm I/f \£a Jw M .Jaffa 20c and 2?c a yard, make your ¦ — X
If the higher, priced hats to filj irTthc lower and -' y; ~ ' ¦> ¦ 1 11 1 T ''I'n'i n 1 1 1'*" *' : 'm '" '*"' '¦¦¦ IIIUBW^'™'^^^""*^^^^ '*' — > • . • ' 5
*( more fopuar prices and have kept our work- CALlrORNIAS LARGEST* {C-wi m^lj^^JH^^^^ /? B3QQ]£2§ SsfC "5
i, rooms rush'ng making additions to these por- " -..•_ - ',,n ¦rwwwa>B81f!!BI^^^P aa *"^^^^^ '" ? -•-'-*;¦"- "" "—
* ular prices. Once 'mow our < 7 . 5 o,f 10.00 -C^^^^^^^^^^AMERlCA'S GRANDEST.STORE, ShiP* WSSSfS. X
«: and Sll.50 trimmed hat, jn great plenty ,nd ,¦-.¦..„; .. . ¦ '¦-.. ....•.; -.'. .'., :> V;,/ /„, - ,'\-' / '.¦.....,.;. . .-. ' . ;$f>0() Wa|j 69c _ A , SDrt . ' J
X /more than ordinary i good t values, and our, ¦.¦ m^~~ m . —~ ¦ ~T~ ~ ... - . - ~ ¦ * . ., n( ' ',. . ¦•-_, Ate*^ X
I <&.'}< l ?^* 7 .s3;$to.oo, Silk and Velvet Rzmnahts -tJSJtit^ Up^ |
2" 1 -Wear Hat Another large : as3or:ment accumu!at;d during M'rch. . These ar; pieces of the cut and style.btst miking, sf \s\ * M
— Jun like pic- materials that good dressers bought for their Easter gowns. . There are choice ail s'z:s; regu'ar pri:e $1, 1 \ \\\ }t
t>° t , u ' ei " ew fan 7 S u " -¦ lehcth's suitab'e' for shirt waists, coat linings, trimnrngs, sk'rt rufflings, etc, Fridy and Sit ' tfTO- \ \ H\ "2
a? V£&£Jz&f ban Straw, double- .. - ,. .- ¦¦ ¦ .- '. ° ' , .,l • 't 1. ui 1 urday. . . . Oi^C \ \\ jS& \ X
K - " : "' /*^RS&' fi»ecdvBHm,t- velvet ; YouAV.ll ; findjreninant8 -of.dmwrevCT^indof.^^lar^Mlb, in - both black $ |:75 Wabts. 51.25— La-t \ Jp^&J ) 5
*? V *V*i&$ bard antJ bow » two and co'ors, and 'rom the a" ready reduced remnant price, on Friday, two days of this sale; very S^* jf T- } x
j£: . ' f L'rj^zh quils and 8teel and a still lurlhcr reduction ol one -qvirler will be/inade. . .. . fine striped chambray y^/M. X
jf V^ri^^\ F earl ornaments; , a '-> - ¦¦ -. :~" - ¦ ¦ "¦ - •--"'¦ ¦ ' '''':¦-.- ¦-••'¦•¦¦•-"• ¦¦¦" ¦'• - - '¦ __ Wa : sts of latrst materiak, f ' 1l 5
K' ' J>&fy&>^ particularly stylish, ¦ - • -j • ,, , -^ -....,-. . . _ : .- .. _ _ making and style; particu-/ } ViU 5
j r - • r^/^J; pretty hat for a M ; ss; SY^en'S <\ SilU B&y&* CiOthtBIQ Urly fine goods and color- .» +* %
llilillSlilSlii 1 Specials iov Two Days, ¦ . {1^'lfM^- &- 2 5 %
¦%- t \ F'tshfnaSintiSR'*' . ' "' ur?re g u ' ar prices for Clothing arc *s low as • Uiose of any .--V ' - ..,'-.'- x
*?¦ a £ • *v w* l 'a- f • 'V j r-\^JD* "¦ first-class, hoirse in' the United States. Therefor;, our special i o - a €* t * *r
•f?- A fine 'split bamboo -flv or bait Trout Rod — .. . Cfe^r.: • r 1 • • , t /• . • r A SSSQOiai SsiB Of x
Uh. wrappings, Tnkkel-plated .: mounting cuts f:cm regular pnres are jast that much of a saving to you. On • ¦ __ fT* cssff Jl/ O 5
K -with extra tip; these are io and 10^ ¦ VbvsJ ' Friday and Satdrday only, we make these three . . . '"*" . s .«•*** ff~*U." x
If - feet long, have wood 'form arid tag j and are ¦I'v^TvS'^T^^:'^^ extra special offerings: ' Broken lines of Men's stylish ani staple styles Jj
af.V u -"specially cur for Friday only to ." " •-i'w K ' /^ tr^> 7\r ?*=*{- All»f « «f O C/l C..»« «#/l €>*Z of Derby Hats— in black on'y; not "all sizes &
st. ¦ 1 . ... . ; ;. . GGg fx '^C ( W*s) men's §12.50 Suits, 910,25— in nch naSj but we your ixe m Mm . x
S P li'hfd Prass CiicVRce!'— ' ' /\ v ' A^f Any '12.50 Suit in\ this store- A fine display of all the latest o f them; our regu'ar value $3.35 hats; on $
Sf Yards' 45 40'' '60^ ¦ 80 ' ioo I * 9 '' I - VWS^ .«*«« «" Spring and ' Summer fabrics and patterns; handsome spe ;ial sale Friday and Satur- ___ X
X^ Price WO t5c2?C 25C 33j' [A ' : L ; C/^>V .^^.^eviois and tweed,; ; black and white effecO; new . only . ........ $2.55 -J
' K Nick I tlated Click Rcrh— • V^f * > r. I \ st "P e » ar -d overplaids, made with the broad miuUry shoulders ... X
I Sin^GufSSkf^e???^ ;1^S Vx^M ' I BO^S? $3.5 O 2 - PiZCe SUHS, Lisk thread » a rich all-aronndlace design; X
g- .Double Gut Hooks, dozen •.:V i .:..f..#5O ) \\v \ i^P 6 °T $£g8- F« £ * t?i5 double breasted Jacket and t^Z^tt\J7^t ™ ? '5
j J .Allcock's Eiglish'-Trout Fl.eg, ; dozsn .35* ' ill '; TL | UJ Kn-e Panti; the. materials. g 3 od worsteds, cheviots and Scotch YAdToT -r "r 28O JX
,K . Lines, Spinn:rs, Spoznt, elc—a full-stock. \\* I (I t ~vf'-: weedsj in new Spring and Summerpatttrns; made extra strong; n ay on y, p^ pair . . ...
j» Complete line Stiiped Hiss Tiik'.e... . \\ I / /A j/ ;• our regular $3.50 suits;' Friday and Saturday *»» 1 — J*
sf" :^ — :- ! ' : ' x - ¦ — _ •" \\ / l/\\j only.. ..... .-,.....;¦ . . . . . . »oo Men's Hosiery, 21c, J
5 Men's Golf Shirts, \\ /In Youths' $6.OO Suits, $4,75— Worth 35c and 50c. \
tf - n;_ V-'#C H.r.. ; V I / I V Forages irto 19 years; blue chevictj and lancies; n:w stripe ¦'-¦ i— ' ¦ - '. - J. , *
•| '. -, ; ; ::*'5 — V : 1 / 7 V and ph : d ? -;extremsnovety and the more conservative styles; we H/> The ent: re sample fine of • J
J . A manufacturer's sample line ]> of, 'Golf Shirts, J& ) j /Jj (A. % ' guarantee to p" ease any young man of these ages with these our M fflf rc3t ctor y» lo ° dozen Importe-J' X
tf comprising all the lat-st'^as, for Spring and O^Aj MJ *!^ . re^u ar 56:oo su r t5, which are marked f;r Friday __ tsMg'/j L!s]c and Ealbriggan in stripes 'J
* & -^ s "°"-> ¦-» ¦ ¦¦¦¦ s ® m7S Jm ****i— *-*-i* :?
jS - sa'e Friday and Saturday— . ¦ . • • \ j. effects; all styfish patterns; worth \f
£'¦'.'. 4-7G 9 BBc,37cm Oxford Ties— $1.28, A Special Sale of 35 ctosoc a pair; Friday J
* ¦'¦'¦¦¦ . ; • ""' r':\- ¦;.:"::-. ., .'.'.¦.; '••; } •; y^v 'p«tty new Razors ana* Strops* \^Q and Saturdar . . . "x
ff *» 44 f Whl 'ie '''"> 7Q '^ ¦•'¦ '* -y/</|A styles, of which the The Cclebraied Mustang R-ztrs — In 4-8, . 4BmG jj
5 ¦ "': S WritS t%y, IH", 7I 'I'Mtration shows one. 5-8 and 6-8 inch widths, hollow ground; on . X
*'" and Oth^r Specials, /A Good vici R:d with 'p*** 1 M!e Frida y oni y> > ch • • • 7So #» m -.«-m. t-w«^ -**.ri x
Jf Cutfer'sAI Whisky-Good Jva^e at Ji'oo a' /^Sf J/) hand - tur " cd , so1 " '»«! fczor S W ps - Canvas or leather swng or UrUISta S ray 3HO «
S Wine, S yean old, Friday, per gallon.55c /^ / tops.ando r era heels,: ui all : _ Good Mettl Tny and Scraper, heavUy mckel g
8 W S- Vety ° ld K '" - y '^«o Mk/ -^eml-iyE Hoso Supporters, 18c. . I t^^r J^^:T.^So i
K Burke's Irish or fcotchivhbky-BotS/.W iM&7 j2 -°°' yet - WC »*' ' Ladies' Satin Belt Hose Supporters, with frilled Coat Col ar Springs, each ••• . . . 5G *
% Naff'te Brandy— The genuine old stock, reg- W^ only, per pair elastic sides, button clasps, all colors and Imperial Pants Hangers, hoid 4 pairs trousers s
5 ularlyli.so bottle, Friday, .. . . 93o '" - ': ,.-••• S&*'*** black; regularly 25c pair, Friday . . J8O ••• > ....... • • • • • SOO. j
1 a .'.¦¦.¦¦'." ' ' s. * ¦ - - ¦ *— - - - - - - - _ _ * '¦ x
i| On the Saiestables Saturday 1 the Colossal f° r 37^. 3
! $ ¦: :¦; \ Men's Fancv'fiose, Neckwear and Shirts, i^^^0or0^0^oy00tiansy : Ladies' Gloves, Lawn Ties, etc., etc. |
n San Francisco, Friday, 4 April, 1902. '. n
TV IP V T8
li v W IIIIUIC Uillkj
.
In the west window we show to-day samples from . a fresh n
carload of linoleums and oilcloth that has just arrived. Many H
of these patterns are totally, new — some represent the best H
sellers of last season. All are worth a close inspection. Lino- H
leum prices 55 cents and 65 cents the square yard. Oilcloth, S
40 cents the running yard. *'¦•¦ H
1 Safety in money spending is sought by all. This store's H
M constant aim is to surround its patrons with a bulwark of safety.. B
K There is the safety of reliable goods most carefully bought at |
I low prices. There is the safety of absolute price fairness, sim- 5
ply a small rate of profit. There is the safety of the ".ONE |
PRICE TO ALL" system, which places the entire buying pub-" H
lie on a 'strict equality in their trading. There is the safety of;. H
money refunded without a murmur. With all these precautions - H
for safe money-spending, satisfaction -is sureto follow. "It" is: n
worth knowing that these things'are rules which are enforced at |
Breuner's. - •;: ¦ .. . , . ., - •* H
I (Successors to California Furniture Co.) 1
I 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. S
H ' Here is a two-day special in neckwear— new ; shape four-in- \\
H hands of all-silk material in Persian designs"of 'brown, ; green, black ||
g and bronze.- "- . - . -. - .• : • ¦ - v : ||
y V The silk in. these ties is exceptional— it is a ' fine * quali^ and f j
i being -nicely lined, and. filled, ties easily into a „ graceful, : attractive jj
S The, regular price of the ties is spc—for to-day andto^-mbrrow jj
|j only they will be sold at ; /¦ jj
I 3^cea€h:- : ¦ ; I
| We have a very good a ssortment, but even so we sugKest your '1
¦ purchasing early,, as our. specialsales always take so well that many. I'
i times the goods are pretty nearly sold out at the close of the sec- |j
B ond day. ' B
i Out-of-town or Jsrs filled— write us. )|
I TI8 Market Street. I"X.ETTERS— A Subscriber, City. A let
ter of friendship from a gentleman to a
lady should be in the handwriting of the
party sending it, but a business letter
from . a gentleman to a lady may be in
typewriting.
SOLDIERS' MONEY— A. R. B., City.
There is money to pay* the allowance of
a certain sum of each California volun
teer who enlisted for the Spanish-Ameri
can war, but the time for the*, distribution
of the same^has not^yet^ been'annouitced.
COUNTY CLERK AND SHERIFF—
Inquirer. City. In New York the County
Clerk is paid a salary of $13,000 & year
and the Sheriff $12,000 a year.
QUARTER . OF 1834— R. C, Cholamc.
Cal. A quarter of 1S34 does not command
a premium from dealers, j Such may be
purchased for 50 cents from dealers.-
A PUTLOG— S., City. A putlog ia a
crossplece of timber forming a support to
the floor of a scaffold.
THE MADRONA— Reader, City. Tho
color of the lighthouse tender Madrona's
hull is light gray. -,*? :
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
• • ¦ ¦ -¦".• .'..¦¦ : ¦ -. ¦ - ;•-..;. 7- . «
THE VISIT OF PRINCE HENRY TO THE UNITED STATES HAS BEEN MARKED BY A GREAT SHOW/OF,
RESPECT TO PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT IN GERMANY. HIS PICTURE BESIDE THAT OF THE PRINCE
WAS DISPLAYED IN WINDOWS EVERYWHERE. WITH THE FLAGS OF GERMANY AND THE UNITED
STATES ENTWINED -ABOUT THEM. EVEN SOUVENIR POSTCARDS CONTAINING THE PORTRAITS AND
THE; FLAGS HAVE BEEN ISSUED BY THE THOUSAND AT BERLIN. v
Townsend's California glace fruit 50c" a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present • for : Eastern ; friend*.
6S9 Market st., Palace Hotel buildln*. . :• •
Special *- information supplied dally .to
business ¦ houses and ¦, public - men - by - the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 23U Cali
fornia street. ~. Telephone ; Main 1042. "•; • '
A distinguished -scientist was severely . reprimanded
the ; other day by a Bavarian". Prince for. daring to
suggest Tthat, man .has descended, from ; a monkey;
Perhaps the j Prince considered?the:suggestion\)er
sonal and thought that the process should have Been
ascent, riot '¦; descc* "; i,,< ,
SINCE, Senator . Hawley,.: chairman of • the Seriate
Committee on Military-Affairs, has joined Gen
eral Miles in opposing the "general staff"" bill
devised by Secretary Root, it is hardly likely the bill
will ever be enacted. Hawley, has a good deal of
influence among his colleagues and under any "cir r
cumstances would be a formidable opponent to an
administration on a measure of this kind. It happens
: Notice— Best eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 60c.
Look out 81 4th, (front 'barber & grocer). *
THE GENERAL STAFF BILL.
CaL glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend'i.'
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. To wnsend's. •
In New York the Watterson speech has not been
received with anything like the favor it has met in
the South. The New York leaders are .free traders
and dislike Gorman. on that score as well as on ac-.
count of his surrender to Bryanism in 1896. Theyare
now grooming for the race a dark horse in the per
son of Judge Parker of the Court* of Appeals. Par
ker is said to be quite different from Gorman in
every respect, and a recent review of his career says:
"He is, easily one. of the most eminent Chief Justices,
that ever presided over the.Coiirt. o| Appeals of the
State of New York, a man of excellent character and
of first-rate abilities in other activities than those of
his profession. He has proved his great popularity'
in the State by carrying it against a popular Repub
lican the year-after Bryan's first defeat. The sugges
tion of Parker is admirable, while that of Gorman is
intolerable. to any gold or Cleveland Democrat. Such
a Democrat cannot forget Mr. Gorman's treachery to
Mr, Cleveland when the latter was trying to repeal '
the Sherman silver act of 1893, or his disloyalty to
the tariff policy; of the party in 1894;" y
The beginning of this rivalry between Gorman and
the supporters of ; Parker is the .' morei interesting be
cause there are many other . signs ¦ of a .widening
divergence between Northern and Southern Democ
racy, and before the coming of ' 1904 it may amount
to such vast proportions as to, break "the solid South/
to pieces and put an. end to- that old sectionalism for
ever. . Mr. Watterson's plea for harmony : and his def
nunciation of all who talk of the old strife has had
no , other effect . than that of disclosing an increasing
strife. In fact, the Chicago split seems ; to be beyond
repair, and neither .Gorman nor Parker- is likely to
be able 1 to bring the factions \ together.
The; suggestion of Gorman is the more. impre%sive
because the Democracy of the South is rapidly de
claring for him:. He is a protectionist, but the South
no longer defends free trade except in an academic
way, and her statesmen are not going .> to turn aside
from Gorman just because he infused a modicum of
protection into the Wilson -tariff. He is a gold Demo
crat, but lie did not bolt Bryan, and that is an attrac
tive record, from a' Southern point of view, for a con
siderable number of influential men in that section
have the same kind of apolitical history.
HENRY: WATTERSON'S "get together"
speech.at the dinner of Virginia Democrats at •
Washington a few days ago has caused some
thing of a thrill throughout the party. When re
duced to its last analysis the speech consisted of
three assertions and one insinuation. The assertions
are: First, any Democrat who praises Bryan,'de
nounces Bryan, talks of Bryan, is false to Democ
racy. Second, any Democrat who praises Cleveland,
denounces Cleveland or talks of Cleveland is false to
Democracy. Third, any Democrat who refuses to
join in a platform denying both the old leaders and
ignoring the old issues is false to Democracy. The
insinuation, that exudes from every sentence of the
speech is that the man to get together for and to
stand in with is Gorman of Maryland.
GORMAN OR PARKER.
The War Department at Washington is said to be
asking the railway companies why they, cannot give
as cheap transportation to a troojp of soldiers as to a
theatrical troupe, and the answer will probably be
that in each case the roads fix the rate at as much as
the traffic will bear. . : :. <¦-.;_ .' ,
Since the need of the measure is imperative and
urgent, arid since. the postponement of it. is threat
ened, it will be well for Boards of Trade and Cham
bers of Commerce and other commercial or indus
trial organizations to renew their demands upon Con
gress for prompt attention to it Our foreign trade i s
expanding rapidly, and with it our annual tribute to
foreign ship-owners for carrying our imports and
exports rapidly augments. The time .has come for
tis to carry our own ocean commerce* and Congress
should not be permitted to ignore the need of legis
lation helpful to that cn<*
The opposition comes mainly from representatives
of the interior States. Possibly those men are un
able to see what their States and their constituen
cies would gain by an increase of American ship
ping, but if so they must have a purblind statesman
ship. Even Buncombe County will profit something
by, any measure which . increases facilities for trans
porting the Buncombe products to. foreign markets.
The bill is not at all sectional. It ddes not confer
any exclusive benefit upon the seaboard States. .Its
far-reaching effects will . carry benefits not ;bnly, . to.
every State but to every farm that grows produce ipr.
foreign consumption. - "¦¦¦-. .'¦• 1 .'--"• •¦•
Over and over again bills designed for the promo
tion of our ocean shipping have been defeated by one
means or another. It is many years since the Repub
lican party first pledged itself to enact legislation for
the advancement of our merchant marine, and
of late such declarations have been given a
conspicuous place not only in platforms but in
arguments of Congressional and Presidential
campaigns. The platform adopted at Phila
delphia declares: "Our present dependence , upon
foreign shipping for nine-tenths of our foreign
carrying is a great loss to the industry of this coun
try. It is also a serious danger to our trade, for its
sudden withdrawal in the event of European war
would seriously cripple our expanding foreign com
merce. The national defense and naval efficiency of
this country, moreover, supply a compelling reason
for legislation which will enable us to recover our
former place among the trade-carrying fleets of the
It is certainly a strange thing that Congressmen
who made their canvass upon that platform should*
now be found in the ranks of the Democratic and
foreign opposition to the enactment of a measure de
signed to carry out the Republican pledge.
While such reports are discouraging, they are not
surprising, nor should they have any other effect than
that of rousing the advocates of the bill throughout
the country to bring renewed pressure upon Con
gress for prompt and favorable action. The forces
opposed to the upbuilding cf the American merchant
marine are well known. They include every foreign
steamship company, every American agency repre
senting such companies, every foreign manufacturer
who profits by advantages granted by the subsidized
steamship lines of his country, every banker who
finances foreign merchants or foreign steamships,
and every narrow American who is opposed to com
mercial expansion and. has no patriotic desire to see
the American flag restored to its former prestige
upon ths ocean. These forces are able to maintain
at the capital a strong and expert lobby, and, as past
experience has shown, the lobby knows how to earn
its pay.
t~V ESPITE the strength- of the • majority by
| 1 which the merchant marine bill was adopted
¦*— * in the Senate, and the general expectation
that the House would follow the lead, it appears the
outlook for attaining this long needed legislation is
by no means bright. The opposition in the House
has proven more formidable than was suspected, and,
according to Washington dispatches, it is quite prob
able the passage of the measure may be indefinitely
postponed, if not absolutely defeated.
CONGRESS AND COMMERCE.
. . The library of the late Lieutenant Col
onel ,'Edward ; George Hibbert, who be
longed .to a family of), well known. book
collectors, will be disposeB'of next month.
It contains' most Interesting valuable ! old
bodks,'-and can boast, for instance, of
copies, of each of ' the. J four folios of
Shakespeare."--- .;'_ ', \ :
: Among- other treasures ' was Gray's
poems, with notes explanatory, biograph
ical. and critical, in Horace Walpole's
handwriting, the book having been in his
possession. ' '-. " '_ ;• .-,'• -i ¦:?
- Robert Machray is to publish some time
in May what- promises to . be an interest
ing book on the night: side of London 1 . He
deals with all aspects of: the . great > city
at night, such as ; streets, theaters, music
halls, vclubs,' the East'. End shows, etc.,
with some of the darker phases of Lon
don's nocturnal life. It is intended that
the : book .shall" be r profusely Illustrated,
and an edition de luxe • of 250 copies will
also . be prepared at one guinea.
.Within the record will come memorials
of some distinguished yachtsmen and ac*
counts of famous yachts. The book will
be well illustrated. • . ;
John Murray ia to publish a work which
will .tell the history of the j Royal Yacht
squadron from the foundation* to the pres
ent time.
The list of contents ia not yet made up,
but', the interest and usefulness of the
forthcoming book may be understood
from the following, which are among the
papers that' Harmsworth has got to
gether: "A Short History of the Motor
Car," by the Marquis Ctiasseloup-Laubat;
"The Utility of Motor Vehicles," by the
Hon. ¦¦. John • Scott-Montagu,* M. j P. ; "Dress
for. Motoring," by..' Lady Jeune and Baron
Zuylen de Nyevelt, president of the Auto
mobile Club of France; "Motor Cars and
Health," by' Sir Henry Thompson; "The
Motor Stable and Its Management," by
Sir David Salomons; "Caprices .'" of the
Petrol Motor," by- the Hon. C: S. Rolls;
"The Charms of Driving Motors," by Sir
Francis Jeurie; "Roads," * by "¦¦ St. Loe
Strachey, and "Reminiscences," by Sir J.
H. A. Macdonald; Lord Justice Clerk of
Scotland. ¦
,. The book on "Automobiles and How to
Drive Them," which that " enthusiastic
automobilist Alfred \ Harmsworth Is pre
paring , for.- the Badminton Library, is
making good progress.
The Doves Press is one of those happy
publishing organizations which can af
ford i to, dispense with' the Intervention of
the newspaper. I don't , believe all the
persuasion in the- world would bring what
is Usually termed a "review copy" to the
most influential paper in the kingdom.
This Bible will take a long time to pre
pare and will not, I understand, be pub
lished for at least fifteen months. y
What is believed to be one of the most
beautiful Bibles of recent times is one to
be issued bythe Doves Press of Hammer
smith, in five volumes.
Each will cost three guineas. There will
be only five hundred copies printed.
. Books printed in the English language
are /.becoming more.' and more eagerly
sought for and read in Japan. An issue
of 5000 copies of an edition of an English
dictionary surely speaks for itself.
It looks as if the time were . coming
when authors and publishers would need
to turn their attention to some interna
tional copyright arrangement with Japan.
Messrs. Chambers have just made the di.»-.
covery that a Japanese publisher has, by
means' of a photo-gelatine process ',' repro^
duced • the library edition of. "The Eng
lish ¦¦ Dictionary." published byl them.
What is more, this alert Oriental boasts
that his edition is much cheaper than the
original, for he published five thousand
copies at a yen and a half, while Messrs.
Chambers' book costs at least ten yen.
This is to be a serious periodical, dealing
with county history and similar matter;
not a mere revival of the frivolous sheet
once famous as VThe Ape."
Three new magazines .now make their
appeal to the public under names freshly
minted. One is "The Shrine," to which I
referred last week- as being devoted ex
'clusively ,to Shakespeare and his works.
Another is "The Tiger," and the third Js
one which • Messrs. Constable will shortly
send forth under the title of "The An
cestor."
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
FRIDAY......... ..APRIL 4, W.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Utnn AH CtBuouieitiraa te W. 8. LEAKE, Xuigtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICES Telephone Pre«« 204
. PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Presa 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered lir Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
„} Slnsrle' Copies, 5, Cents. ; '
' ' Term* by Mall. Inclndlnir, Postage i
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year ..$6.00
DAILY CALL {Including Sunday). 6 month* 3.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), 3 month's j 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month.... 65c
PUKDAT CALL. One Year 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1-00
AU postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions. - -
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of Marcr). 1902.
March 1 C9.54O March 17 .50,250
March 2 TO,42O March IS .59,200
March 3 59.J)S0 March 19 CO.30O
March 4 59,420 March 2O CO.17O
March 5 XJ9.4SO March 21 GO,49O
March « B9.27O March 22 : 00,430
March 7 SKMKO March 23 ....'.. .7O,C25
March S tI»,.*i5O March 24 ...... .00,010
March 9 70,550 March 25 ...... .59.750
March 1O 59,340 March 2O 00,110
March 11 59.1SO March 27 G0,22O
March 12 5S,9«O March 2S 60,380
March 13 5S,72f» March 29 00,160
?*nrch 14 59.O1O March 30 71,210
jgarch 15 59.TOO March 31 ...... .00,300
Harch 1O 70,740 » • i •
Total 1,900,345
FTATE OF CALIFORNIA. I ' . ;
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO. J ss *
On this .Id day of April. 1902. personally appeared before
me, William T. Hess, a Notary Public In and for the city and
county aforesaid, W. J. Martin, who being sworn according
to law declares that he is the business manager of The San
Francisco Call, a daily newspaper published In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California, and that there
were printed and distributed during the month of March, 1902.
one million nine hundred and six thousand three hundred and
forty -five (1,900,315) copies of the said newspaper, which num
ber divided by thirty-one (the number of days of issue) gives
an average daily circulation cf 61,495 copies.
j SEAL. f W. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3d day of April,
1902. VT- T. HESS.
Notary Public In and for the City and County of San Fran
cisco, State of California, room 1015 Claus Spreckels bulld
'. Ing.
<v- It will be .creditable to .us if wcaccept this analysis
; of the situation, and our burdens will be better borne
when we' do. .
Looking at it in perspective > from the standpoint
of our freedom we conceived that Spanish policy in
the Philippines inhered in Spain's monarchical abso
lutism. But stepping into Spain's shoes we learn that
it originated in the cherished aspiration of the people
for independence. So we fall heir to a situation
nearly three centuries old, an aspiration transmitted
from generation to generation and gathering strength
in the blood of men revered. as patriots and martyrs
by the people in whose behalf they fell. Evidence
of this does not come from parties originally, and
now, adverse to our occupancy of the Philippines,
but exists in the statutes enacted there by our author
ity .-and in the means necessary for their enforcement.
A perfectly calm review of our Philippine situation
seems to disclose the fact that the objection of the
Filipinos to Spanish rule was their long smoldering
aspiration for independence, blown into a blaze by
the, immortal patriot, Rizal. Their objection to
American rule appears to be exactly the same as that
to Spanish rule. It appears, also, that we have re
sorted of necessity to the same methods found
necessary by Spain to hold the people in check. In
other words, the situation is not - changed because
we, are involved in it. It takes on no different tone
or color bfcause this is a republic. Although a re
public we cannot permit the habeas corpus in the
Philippines, nor presentment by a Grand Jury, nor
trial by a petit jury;.. We cannot permit immunity of
husband from testimony by a wife, nor wife to im
munity from testimony by husband. We must com
pel each to incriminate the other under most griev
ous penalties. Here independence is the most inspir
ing theme of all. our literature. There it must be
treated as a crime to be harshly punished. Here we
are free, openly or secretly, to promote political poli
cies. There it must be repressed by heavjt fine? and
sore imprisonment.
An English officer from Burmah', recently sojourn
ing in Manila, said that our methods in the Philip
pines are too gentle, and if we used means sufficiently
harsh the islands could soon be subjugated. He then
recounted some of the Burmese methods, consisting
of locating military stations every twenty-five miles,
from which the natives were struck every time they
grew restless and disobedient. Four years of this had
quieted them. The work done from such military
posts was left to be inferred.
"I- do not?; believe that in the history of ," hjiman
cruelty such a law has been applied anywhere. in the
case of one people undertaking to subjugate another
people by conquest when a whole people believe they,
are entitled as of right to their liberty and indepen
dence. This law is to be put in execution by alien
authority, by courts, not by juries, paid by an alien
power and responsible to alien direction and com-
Commenting -upon this, Senator Hoar said" in the
Senate: "Under this provision a wife knowing what
is alleged to be the treason of a husband, or a hus
band knowing it of a wife, or a mother of a son, 'or
a son of his mother, or his father or brother, and not
acting as informer, under a law imposed by. the au
thority of the United States is to be punished by
seven years' imprisonment.'
"Every person resident in the Philippine Islands
who levies war against' them or adheres to their.ene
mies, giving them aid or comfort within the Philip
pine Islands, or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and
shall suffer death, or, in the discretion of the court,
imprisonment at hard labor for five years arid a fine
of $10,000." It is then provided that any one'know
ing any of the acts recited in the. foregoing section
who does not' disclose them to the authorities is
guilty of misprision of treason and shall be impris
oned seven years and fined $1000.
Among other things this statute provides that any
person who shall belong' to "any secret society hav
ing for its object the promulgation of any political
opinion or policy" shall be fined $1000 and impris
oned one year. "Any person who advocates, orally,
or in writing, or printing, or by like methods, the
independence of the Philippine Islands, whether by
peaceable or forcible means," shall be fined $2000 and
imprisoned one year.
¦ During his testimony before the Senate Committee
Mr. Barrows, one of the American Governors in the
Philippines, said under oath that those people had
long cherished the idea of independence and had
fought for it, and should not be expected to surreri-;
der it at once. In view of this the Philippine . laws
become of interest to the American people. Among
them is a statute entitled "An act defining the crimes
of treason, insurrection, sedition, conspiracies .. to
commit such crimes, \ seditious utterances, whether
written or spoken, "the formation of secret political
societies, the administering or taking of oaths to
commit crimes or to prevent discovery of same and
the violation of oaths of allegiance, and prescribing
punishment therefor. By authority of the President
of the United States, be it enacted by the Philippine
Commission."
These oaths' went beyond mere participation in-re
bellion, and searched out sympathy with any one in
rebellion. . Thus a daughter who followed with- her
affectionate solicitude her father fighting for the
Confederacy was compelled to deny it under oath or
be disqualified to. teach. school, .have employ
ment or even earn her bread as. a trained nurse. Un
der this law a priest was arrested for shriving the
dying' and a woman foi nursing the • sick without
purging themselves of sympathy with the rebellion
or any engaged in it by taking these test oaths. When
their cases reached the Supreme Court, the whole ma
lign machinery was destroyed by that bench, and
civil liberty was vindicated. ' j '.¦ . ¦¦[ .
AT the close of our Civil, War 'certain drastic
provisions crept into the statutes 'and consti
tutions of some of 'the. States- that 'had/ been' in
rebellion. The most noted of these, which,! falling
before the Supreme Court ; of the : - United States,
dragged all others with them, ; were the provisions of
the Drake constitution of Missouri. These, provided
a set of heart-searching test oaths in regard to par
ticipation in rebellion or knowledge of such parti
cipation by others, no matter what degree of kinship
existed between the parties. A father was .compelled
to inform on the son, the son on the father, the wife
on the husband, and brother upon brother.
THE. PHILIPPINE LAWS.
ISSUE OF GERMAN POSTAL CARDS
AS SOUVENIRS OF PRINCE'S ViSIT
How far such a system of control would increase
the efficiency of the army and lessen the friction be
tween the army and the 'War Department is ques
tionable. The navy is administered by such a staff,
and yet there seems to be as much friction between
that service and the Navy Department as there is
between the commanding general and the War
Office. Moreover, the people will remember that the
naval campaign in the West Indies was conducted
by the general staff from Washington, and that
Dewey, after the victory at Manila, cut the cable and
managed things thereafter in his own way. It may
be that Dewey was as wise as he was valiani
. Another argument of Miles against the measure was
that it would subject^the army', to the personal favor
itisnr of Presidents, and would render it possible to
rapidly advance a subordinate over. the : heads of the
highest officers of the arniy. There is doubtless good
foundation for the objection. The bill provides that
the general staff shallH>e composed of a chief of staff,
who shall be detailed by. the President to serve. four,
years and who shall be selected from officers not
below the rank of brigadier general; one major gen
eral, one brigadier, general, four colonels, six lieuten
ant colonels and. twelve majors. ' It also provides that
after the retirement of General Miles the senior gen
eral ; officer of the army may be made chief of the
general staff or assigned to any 'duty the President
may direct. . ,
-.The bill is said to.', have been based upon a study
of German military organization. General Miles de :
nouhced.it as "an imperial system," and perhaps it
is, but. for all that' it- might prove 'much better than
that which has comeMown to us from the days of
Washington. This country is in no danger of: falling
a prey to a military dictator, and there is no reason
for opposing a measure merely because it would add
to the efficiency of the army as a war machine!' " , .
'¦The army of the United States is now and. has
beerr ever since the foundation of the republic under
civilian, control. There has been always more or. less
friction, and it will be .remembered that when I Gen- ' :
era l Sherman was commanding general of the army,
he moved his headquarters from Washington to St.
Louis for the purpose, it was said, of fric
tion with thcyWar Department. If the generals have;
felt tlie friction annoying, the War Department has :
been equally sensitive', and the general , staff bill has
been devised, according to report, largely for the
purpose of providing^rnachinery that will work more
smoothly than the present system..
• The question of army controf is one of compara
tively little: interest; to the^ public. " _~ Our -: army is
small, and, except in. time of war, it : 'does ' riot cut
much; figure 'in •American life. Moreover, it has been
so carefully kept out ; of politics that there is a dis
position to dismiss ; arniy affairs- from; politics; alto
gether, ' and when any legislation respecting ; military
affairs is under consideration, it is generally left to
experts and: the public accepts whatever' they say.
In this case the .experts differ. : There has been a
wrangle between the head of the army and the .War
Department, and the strife has naturally awakened
popular curiosity? to know what it is all about.
in this case, however, that he has the Support not
only of the -commanding general of the' army,- but : of
a strong. element among the; people as well.
THE SAN FRANCISCO cAl^L, JFBIDAY, APRIL 4, 1902;
Burnett's Vanilla Extract Is the fixed stand
ard of excellence. Has outlived criticism. Is the
finest, purest vanilla extract that can be bought.
Dr. Samuel Smiles, the author of "Self-
Help," has just celebrated his ninetieth
birthday;
Harry Seambns of the theatrical firm
of Hurtlg & Seamons is at the California.
His headquarters are in New York and
this is his Brst visit to California.
W. R. Crawford of Moscow, Idaho, is
here on a short business trip and has
made his headquarters at the Occidental.
- J. M. "Wllmans, a mining man of New
man, is in this city for a. few days and
has made his headquarters at the Lick.
J. B. Lippincott of the United States
Geological Survey is at the -Occidental
for a few days.
H. A. French, secretary of the Sacra
mento Chamber of Commerce, la a guest
at the Palace. ?
B. Stern, owner of a large ary goods
house in New York, Is among the arrivals
at the Palace.
Dr. L. Rischter, a well-known medical
practitioner of Mariposa, is a guest at
the Lick. .;
j C. -/A. Canfleld, one of the largest oil
weljr owners In the State, is staying at the
Palace. ' . "" ..--•¦¦-- •• - -• ¦•- ¦ i : ; ,.„ ,
G. Mitchell, an Importer of laces, with
headquarters in New York, is at the
Palace^ '..'.' "'¦ '' '.% ' "¦"
W. H. Routledge, a mining man of
Oleta. is spending a few days at the
Lick. , / , /
Judge Charles Silent of Los Angeles is
at the Palace. "'
Judge C. V. Gottschalk of San. Andreas
is at the Lick.
- G. W. Crystall, a fruit-grower of Vaca
ville, is at the Grand.
Colonel John T. Harrington of Colusa is
a guest at the Palace.
F. W. Johnson, an attorney of Marys
ville, is a guest at the Grand.
D. "W. Klrkland, a druggist of Los An
geles, is registered at the Palace.
Ex-Judge John D. Works of Los An
geles is a guest at the Occidental.
D. S. Rosenbaum, president. of a bank
at Stockton, is a guest at the Palace.
A. W. Simpson, a lumber dealer of
Stockton, Is a guest at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
CEMETERIES— T. S., City. The court3
have riot yet determined the case to test
the right of the Board of Supervisors to
prevent interments in the present ceme
teries in this city. Burials were stopped
to all the cemeteries except Laurel Hill,
which obtained -an injunctioivpending the
disposition of the case in court-
ROMAN COIN— H. C. J.. City. . There
are so many old Roman coins on the mar
ket .at this time that there is but. little
call for them and there Is not much value
attached to them. The particular coin
that you have you should show to a nu
mismatist, who on examination will be
able to determine if it has any value.
TITLES OF NOBILITY— A. G. T., City.
Ah alien who seeks to become a [ citizen
of the United States, if he . bears any
hereditary titles or belongs to any order
of nobility, ' he must make express renun
ciation ot the same at the time of his ap
plication, r ¦"»*»"
6
California — Al. G. Field Greater Minstrel*. X II
Tivoll — "The Serenade."
Central — "The Sleeping City." ! 5 ': :
Alcazar — "Brother John."
Columbia — "The Christian."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-iouse — "The Empress Theodora."
Fischer's Thea.tei^-"Llttle Christopher."
fchermaa-Clay Hall — Sow; Recital to-morrow afternoon.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.
Forty Pupils Selected From the Grammar Schools Enter a
Memory Test for a Prize. Parents and Pupils
Will Be Interested in This. First
Installment Next Sunday.
Monsignor Antonrai, -.Stall Secretary to Pope Leo XIIL
The Life Story of Cecil Rhodes.
What to Do and What Not to Do at a Wedding, -by \
Mrs. Eleanor Martin.
A Night on a Patrol Wagon, by Alfred DezendorL
The Hermit o! Land's End Lives in San Francisco.?
Read the Romance ol His Life.
The Mother in the Home— A Plain TalK by Bcv. F. K. BaKcr.
Supplying San Francisco With Fish, \
Home Magic— Funny Tricks You Can. Do. by Following
the Directions.
The Sunday Call Prints More Western ;Stoms Than All
Other San Francisco Sunday Papers Combined.THE BRITISH SHIP THAT. WAS
SUNK IN THE ENGLISH
CHANNEL. -
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
tonic, from New York: stmr Ionian, from S-
John. N B; stmr Georgian, from New York...
ROTTERDAM — Sailed A aril 3 — Stmr Staten
dam, for New York, via Boulogne-Sur-Mer.
MADEIRA— Arrived Atjril 3— Stmr Denblg
rtiire. from -Tacoma, .and sailed for Monte
video, via St Vincent,' for Naples. ,
NAPLKS — Arrived April 3 — Stmr Hohenzol
lern, from New York, via Genoa.
HAMBURG — Sailed A.irll 3— Stmr Numan
tla, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed April 3 — Stmr West
ernland, for Philadelphia; stmr Germanic, for
New York: both from Liverpool.
MANILA— Sailed April 1— Stmr'Indrasmeha,
for Portland, Or.
The ship Two Brothers and . the , steamship
Centennial sailed yesterday for the canneries
Off for the Canneries.
A wharf rat, name unknown, grabbed a flask
of quicksilver yesterday morning from an
Overland Freight Transfer Company's truck,
Jumped with his booty through a hole In the
wharf and has not been seen since. The theft
was reported to Policeman Mackey at the Mall
Dock. Mackey called to his assistance Special
Officer Fitzgerald, who is skilled In the dark
ways of the wharf rat, and the two officers
spent several hours searching for. the thief, but
failed to find either thief or quicksilver. The
quicksilver is valued at about $100.
Wharf Rat Makes Quick Touch.
The Pacific Mall steamship City of Sydney
\rill be placed on Hunters Point drydock before
she makes another trip to Panama. Few ves
sels have entered this port even after long voy
ages with such adhesion of barnacles and sea
weed as now lncumbers the bottom of the Pan
ama liner. When the Sydney crossed the bar
on her last outward voyage the foulness of her
hull so Interfered with navigation that she
wallowed helplessly in the big swell and floated
as the current carried her. On board two tow
boats that were in sight It was believed that
her machinery had broken down and prepara
tions were made to go her assistance, whea.the
force of the propeller overcame the resistance of
the barnacles and the City of Sydney proceeded
on her way.
Sydney to Go on Drydock.
British ship Muskokahas es-
I tablished a new record for sailing
j I vessels between here and Great
11 Britain. She arrived yesterday at
Falmouth Just ninety-seven Jays
from this port The Muskoka Is the smart
est sailer of all the limejuicers that come
to this port and has broken records in
every trade in which she has engaged.
She came out here from Antwerp in US
dajx.
Two Lost "Injuns."
The attention of. United States Immi
grant Commissioner North was called
yesterday to the case of two In
dians from British Columbia, who were
landed at this port by stress of circum
stances and who wished to be returned
to the country whence they came. They
are fishermen and seal hunters, members
of the crew of the British sealer Favor
ite. Two weeks- ago, when off the coast
of Mendocino, they were In one of the
small boats and lost the Favorite In a
fog. They were picked up by a sailing
vessel and brought to this port. The In
dians were turned over to the British
Consul, who will provide for their trans
portation home.
F. M. Goldstein was reappolnted head
of the drawing department. of the Girls'
High School.
Superintendent Webster was not pres
ent at the meeting and the long-delayed
report on the investigation into charges
against Principal M. Blanchard was not
presented to the board.
The Board of Education met yesterday
and decided to purchase two sites where
on to erect schoolhousea. One site Is lo
cated on Flood avenue and Is Intended to
accommodate the Sunnyside district. The
other adjoins a school lot at Twenty
fourth and Douglass streets and cost $2050.
A building will be erected thereon for tho
pupils of Noe Valley.
Leaves of absence were granted to Mrs.
M. A. Nellis. Miss C. C. Stohr, Miss M.
E. Mower, Miss A. J. Connolly, Miss E.
Tldd and Miss R.Thayer.
vide Accommodations for Pupils
in Two Localities.
Board of Education Decides to Pro-
PURCHASES SCHOOL SITE
IN STTNTSTYSIDE DISTRICT
TO SAIL.
Francisco Bay. ¦ Published . by . official au
- thority of the Superintendent. '
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
The special 'rates for the clergy will be
arranged for. the next twelve months and
the special baggage rates for • theatrical
people. At - the present time each rail
road has a different railroad ticket and
it is almost certain that at this meeting
all lines that operate west of the Missis
sippi River will adopt a uniform ticket. .
Some of the -brightest railroad men In
America -will attend the association's
meeting, most of whom at the close of the
business will return East by way of San
Fraiidsco. . -5, -
The quarterly meeting of the Transcon
tinental Passenger Association opens the
15th of this month at Coronado. The most
important matter to come up for final
consideration is the "Interchangeable
Mileage" system. Should this new sys
tem go into effect, it will be possible to
buy transportation in book form that will
be recognized by all roads west of the
Mississippi River.' These books will »»e
sold for $100, and when the transportation
has been : all , used the purchaser of the
book -will receive $25 rebate by applying
at the railroad office where he bought tne
book. Under this new system the rail
roads hope to deliver a "solar plexus" to
the ticket scalpers, who at present buy
and sell mileage books.
At" the meeting the. rates will be fixed
for the General Assembly of the Presby
terian church, which opens at Los An
geles on May 21. They will also make a
rate for the Wholesale Druggists' Asso
ciation convention that will be held at
Monterey on October 22. East-bound
rates for the Elks convention at Salt
Lake will be finally settled and the
Eagles Aerie ; that opens at Minneapolis
on June 3.
Transcontinental Pas
senger Association to
Meet Soon.
WiLL ARRANGE
RAILWAY RATES
FRIDAY. APRIL 4.
FROM SEATTLE.
California Optical Co. will formally open
their new store at 205 Kearny street Sat
urday evening, ¦ April 5. You are cordially
invited. •;•-
The Time Ball • on the tower of the Ferry
building was . dropped . exactly at noon to-day,
L e., at ¦ noon of the 120th - meridian, or at 8
p. m,, Greenwich mean - time. . •
W. H. STANDLZT.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charx*.
Branch Hydrographio ' Office. TJ. 8. N., Mer
v : chants' Rrchangs, - . San Frmadsoo. Oil..'
April: 3, 1902. . .
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given In tta* left
hand column . and the j successive tides of Um
day in the order of occurrence aa to time; the
fourth Uma column gives the last tide of ta«
day,' except when there, are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. .- Tho . heights given' ax» ! in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts,- except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes -the height, and then th» number
given Is subtracted from the depth siren by
the charts. The plan* of reference Is ta« men
of the lower. lav. waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United ~ States -' Coast : and Geodetic Survey-
Times and • Heights of . • High . and Low
. Waters at Fort : Point, entrance • to San
0[ . ARRIVED.
Thursday, April 3. •
Stmr W H Kruger, AhUn, 39 hours from San
Pedro. • -¦ 4 • •' \
Stmr Acme. Lundquist, 42 hours from Saii
Pedro. T . \
Stmr Arctic,' Reiner, 30 hours from Eureka.)
Stmr Callfornian, Lyons, 62 days from New*
York, via San Lucia 55 days, via Corcnel . 22
dayd.
Stmr Spokane. Gielow, ' 45 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Samoa, .Madsen, 24 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Alcazar, Carlson, 21 hours from
Greenwood. '
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 41 hours from San
Pedro. . " • ': . ' .
Stmr Mandalay, Batchelder, 4 days from
Bandon, via Crescent City 54 hours."
' Stmr Pgint "Arena. Hansen, 18 , hours from
Point Arena. ; . - . . ' ¦,.¦'",
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 24 , hours from Mon-
Bark Albert, Griffiths, 15 days from Kahaa
pall. • ' • ¦ ¦ " • - ' "
Schr Maggie C Russ, ,SJo, 0 days from Coos
Bay " CLEARED.
." •. ; Thursday, April 3.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. -
Stmr Kodiak, Hanson, Karluk; Alaska Pack
ers' Awn.
Stmr. John S Klmball, Thwing, .Port Ange
les; E T Kruse.. .'_
Stmr North' Fork, Nelson, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co. • '
Whaling stmr 'Alexander, Tilton, whaling; H
Liebes & Co. • \
Br stmr. Victoria, Casey, Ladysmith; R
Dunsmfiir's Sons Co. ¦•¦". • >-V *»¦.
Bark Coryohene, Jobson/ Bristol Bay; North
Alaska ; Salmon Co. ! - - .
Brig Harriet G, Pedersen. codflshing; Ed
"ward Fend. . SAILED . ; : / . ; . :.
.. - ,' • Thursday, April 3.; •
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria. '-:..
Stmr Centennial, Strand, Cooks Inlet.: :.
Stmr Navarro,' Devltt, | Bowens Landing. " .
• Stmr ¦ Newburg, Peterson, . Grays Harb&fc ¦,.
Stmr Crescent City. Payne, Crescent City...
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, ¦ Mendoclno. ;
StKir Acme. Lundquist, . ;
\Stfnr Signal, Bendeeaard," Coos Bay.
Btmr John S ¦ Klmball, ; Thwing.- '.Port 'An
geles. '. ; ' ' • " ' ' ' '¦•-"'•'" ¦"¦*¦ >v: .': : • "¦: I \ ¦ :
Whaling stmr Alexander," Tilton,; whaling.' ¦:•
Whaling stmr Bowhead, Cook, whaling."
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson, Chignik Bay. '.. •
Shipping Intelligence.
The British bark Inveresk Is chartered for
wheat' to Europe at 23s; if wheat and barley,
6d extra. • .
The French bark Relne Blanche loads wheat
and barley here for Europe at 23s (10 lay
days).
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to . Mariners and
3TEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Reinsurance on the French bark Oliver de
Clisson was yesterday advanced to 55 per cent.
The schoner Arago, which started yesterday
on a codilshing cruise, was obliged to return to
port on account of a heavy southwest wind.
Captain . Johnson has been appointed to the
steamer Lakme, Captain Glelow returns to the
Coos Bay, Captain Nelson takes the North
Fork and Captain Alexander, 'after fourteen
clays in quarantine at San Diego, resumes com
mand of the Spokane. . .
The army transport Sherman will dock at
the transport wharf to-morrow. She is sched
uled to sal! ADril 1C.
Water Front Notes.
J. H. Healey, a wharf builder living at 1211
Florida street, broke bones in both his heels
yesterday by jumping from a ladder to a pile
driver scow about twenty feet below. The lad
der slipped and Healey had to Jump to save
himself. . . .
Breaks Both Heels.
The American-Hawaiian steamship Califor
nian arrived yesterday afternoon after an un
eventful trip from. New York. Her cargo con
sisted of general merchandise and a big con
signment of Iron for a number of local foun
dries. The Californlan'8 time from New York
was 02 days, from St. Lucia &5 days and from
Coronel 22 days.
Arrives From New York.
A. dispatch, received yesterday at the Mer
chants* Exchange tells of the destruction' on.
March 17 off the coast of Brazil of the whaling
bark Kathleen. A huge sperm whale came up
to breathe and struck the bark amidships. The
vessel was broken In half and sank almost im
mediately. Three boats' crews were saved.
One boat Is missing. The Kathleen was com
manded by Captain Howland and balled ' from
New Bedford.
Whale Sinks Whaler.
with laborers and cannery supplies.. The Cen
tennial carried about 300 white, yellow and
black laborers. They received an advance on
their wages Wednesday night and proceeded to
spend the money for drink. The police were
kept busy, until the vessel pulled Into the
stream, settling international disputes."
NEW .YORK— Sailed April 3— Stmr La : Sa
voie.- for Havre: ; stmrj Crefeld, . for : Bremen;
stmr American, 'for San Francisco. :
*T LIVERPOOLr— Arrived \ April 3 — Stmr ¦ Teu-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
IPS WITCH— Arrived April 1— Br ship Clan
Mackenzie, hence ; Nov 10. April 2 — Fr bark
Anjou,' hence Nov . 20. . ¦
BIRKENHE AD— Arrived April 3-^-Shlp A G
Ropes, hence Dec C. ;< • :
FALMOUTH— Arrived Anril 3— Br bark
MuBkoka, hence Dec 27; Fr bark Edmond Ros
tand, hence Dec 1. .¦ ; ¦ • ' •.. »
SINGAPORE— Arrived April 3— Br stmr Hy
son, from Clyde, for Seattle., *
¦ PORT SAID-^Arrived April S— Br Btmr
Moyune, ' from Clyde, for Seattle.
HONGKONG— Sailed April 3— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru, for San Francisco.
Arrived prior to April 2 — Jap stmr. Klnshui
Maru; from Seattle. •. - . ; • ¦ ; .
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 2 — Ger bark
Werra. from ; Astoria, and proceeded to Stock
ton. ¦ March 31 — Br ship Had.don Hall, • hence
Nov 9. -• ¦"-¦{¦ .. ' .'¦•«" '- . .'.,--¦
LIVERPOOL — Arrived , Ar>rll " 3 — Br. ¦ ship
Combermere, from Fraser River. ,v . •' ¦ • ¦'
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 1 — Br stmr Tar
tar, from Vancouver. . • ,
DOVER — Passed /April -2— Fr bark, Cam
bronne,. from i Lelth, for San Francisco. , ¦ ¦ ¦ v •
BRISBANE — Sailed March 30— Br stmr
Moana, for Vancouver. - , . : -.
v Arrived March . SO^Br stmr MIowera, from
.Vancouver. ' : • -• ¦ ; ¦-.,.,
FALMOUTH— Sailed Anril 1— Br. ship Lona
dale,- for Liverpool. ¦ • .. •
Arrived . April 1 — Fr bark Marguerite Mo
linos, > hence Nov '10. .April 2 — Fr bark Pierre
Lotl, hence Dec .7. " • ¦' V ; ''¦" * '•' " "¦ '.' ¦¦ ~
GUATEMALA — Sailed - March - 10— Ger ' stmr
Denderah, for Hamburg. , ;;
; COLON-^-Arrlved ; April '. . 1 — Stmr Allianca,
from New: York. .: " •„•;.. , :. , ¦
, FLUSHING— Passed April . 1— Ger bark Fa
vorlta.'from Astoria; via Falmouth, for .¦-¦'
HAMBURG— Arrived .April 2 — Br ship Lord
Templetown, " hence Oct 31. : , - • -
FOREIGN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Arrived April 2— Ship Paul
Revere, from> Yokohama. .
EASTERN PORT.
KANAAPALI — In port March 10 — Bark Dia
mond Head.- • .
ISLAND PORT.
Sailed April 3— Br stmr Duke of Fife, for
China,, etc: stmr Chas Nelson, for San. Fran
cisco.
Arrived April 3— Ger ship Alice, from Santa
Rosalia. ¦ > '. •
TACOMA — Arrived April 3— Schr Endeavor,
from Port Townsend. ..'•¦-. - ,
Sailed Acrll 3 — Br stmr Duke of . Fife, for
China and Japan and Manila; Br ship Tamar,
for Queenstown. ¦ r~ ' ¦
AiTived April 2— Ship Dashing. Wave,- from
San Francisco: stam schr Queen of the .Pa
cific; from nshin?. . '.•¦¦'¦. ¦: ;.. •
Balled Asiil 2— Stmr Santa Ana, for San
Francisco. ......
PORTLAND — Arrived April 3—Stmr'Alli
ance, from San Francisco.'.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 3 — Stmr Na
tional City, hence Ar.ril 2.
Passed in Anrll 3— Br stmr Kalsow, from
Vancouver; bark Guy C Goss, hence March 20,
for Seattle. ¦• '
Passed in April 3 — Schr John G North, hence
March 22. - ' . .: • •. . : -r
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Anril 3— Schr
John G North, bence March 22, for Bristol
Bay. ¦ - •¦ *i ¦ ¦ ,•¦;-¦
PORT TOWNSRND — Arrived April 3 — Schr
Wm Olsen. hence March 10.
Passed out April 3 — Bktn John Smith, for
San Pedro: Br. ship Tamar, for Queenstown;
stmr Edith, for San Francisco. ; ¦ , • • ,
NEAH BAY— Passed in April 3— Bark Guy
C Goss. hence March 20, for Seattle; ship Flor
ence, 'for Comox: brig W G Irwln, for ? Roche
Harbor; bktn Gardiner City, for Tacoma; stmr
Queen, for, Victoria; Br ship Peter Iredale, for
Victoria. -v.
EUREKA^-^Arrived* April 3 — Stmr ' Pomona,
hence ADril 2; schr Mabel Gray, hence Mar 28.
• Arrived April 2 — Schr Jessie Minor, ' hence
March 25, and not schr Emma Utter, as before
reported. ¦ . *. ¦ , .
Arrived April 3 — Stmr Arcata, hence Aprill;
schr Guide, hence i March 27. ,
Sailed April 3 — Stmr . Brunswick, for San
Pedro. " ' . ' ¦
SOUTH BEND— Sailed April 3— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. • •¦¦¦¦•
ASTORIA— Sailed April 3— Fr bark Bidart,
for Queenstown: Br shk> • Fulwood, for Callao;
stmr Geo W Elder, for San Francisco; Br stmr
Indrapura, for China and Janan. ' .
Bark Tidal Wave, Liebig. Port Gamble.
Bktn Quickstep, Mellln, Tacoma.
Schr Fortuna, Olsen, Eureka.
. Sclir- Barbara Hernster, Benediksen, Eureka.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega. . ¦¦
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper, Stewarts
Point. • .. - . . ¦¦ :¦ . :-, i»
Schr Webfoot, Semsen, Coos Bay.
RETURNED.
¦ - .Thursday, April 3. >.
Schr Arag^j, hence this morning for codflsh
ing cruise, on account of strong SW winds.
SPOKEN.
No date, lat 3 N, Ion 17 W— Br ship Sierra
Estrella, from Liverpool, for Oregon. •
Jan 25, lat 57 S, Ion 73 W — Br ship Senator,
from Chemalnus,' for Liverpool.
Feb 28, lat 2 S, Ion 28 W— Br ship Metropo
lis, from Tacoma, for Queenstown. I >
Jan 18. lat 41 S, Ion 31 W— Nor bark Cara,
from Tacoma, for Queenstown. • '¦¦¦
Per Kchr Admiral, at San Pedro — Oh April
1, 15 milea SW of Point Conception, schr Ex
pansion, from San Pedro, for Tacoma. j
TELEGRAPHIC. '
POINT LOBOS, April 3, 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind S, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
CASPAR— Arrived April 3— Stmr - Luella,
hence Ajrll - 2. •
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived prior to April 3—
Schr Joseph Russ, from "San Pedro. • -
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April -3— Stmr Noyo,
from Fort Bragg; schr W F Jewett, from Ta
coma; schr Admiral, from Olympla.
Sailed April 3 — Schr Louise, for Umpqua
River; bktn Encore, for Columbia River; stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco; schr W P Witie
rnann, for Port Townsend; schr Esther Buhne.
for Grays Harbor.; --¦¦• ¦¦••¦.¦
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed April 3— Schr
Halcyon and stmr Chehalls, for San Fran
cisco; Btmr San Pedro, for Santa Barbara.
; Arrived April 3— Schr Lettitla, hence March
20: schr. Volant, hence' March 22.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 3— Stmr Edith for
San Francisco. .
Arrived April 3— Stmr Kalsow, from Port
Townsend; U S stmr Grant, from cruise; schr
Trader, from Tacoma; ship Guy C Goss, from
San Francisco. . • ~ .
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Anril 3— U S stmr Wis
consin, for San Francisco. ¦ . :
COOS BAY— Sailed April 2— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJAj, rRIDAY, APRIL 4, 1902.
She Is the Fastest Sailing Vessel of All the British Fleet
and Guts the Time in Whatever Part of the World
She Sails— The City of Sydney Will' Shed Barnacles
MUSKOKA REACHES HOME IN THREE
MONTHS AND BREAKS ANOTHER RECORD
7
Steamer.
•om.
lue.
Cmpire......
Hermunthla..
Sta. Barbara.
Aztec...
Pomona
Hong. Maru .
O. W. Elder..
Bonlta
Tltanla
Pleiades.....
Mackinaw...
Edith.......".
Colombia. ...
State of Cal..
Chehalls....-
Santa Ana...
Santa Monica
Argo.. ......
Area ta
Eureka ......
Alliance.....
G. Dollar....
City Puebla. .
Rival........
Acapulco....
Sequoia
Coos Bay
Point Arena. .'
North Fork. .
Columbia. . . .
Spokane
G. Llndauer. .
Corcnado. ...
Ralrier. ...*..
Newburg. . .v.
Queen;..... .
Snnta Cruz...
Coos Bay Apr. 4
Seattle Apr. 4
San Pedro ............. Apr. 4
Tacoma. Apr. 5
Humboldt Apr. 6
China - and Japan Apr. 0
Portland & Astoria.... Apr.' 5
Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 6
Nanalmo .............. Apr. 5
Seattle ................ Apr. 6
Tacoma Apr. 6
Seattle • • Apr. 6
Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. 6
San Diego' & Way Pts. Apr. B
Grays Harbor Apr. 6
i Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 6
Humboldt- .............. Apr. 6
Ferndale ! & Eel River. . Apr. ¦ 6
Coos Bay & Port Orford. Apr. 7
iHumboldt '...'....".....;. Apr/ 7
Portland & Way, Ports. Apr. - 7
Grays Harbor .......... Apr. 7
Puget Sound Ports..... I Apr. 7
Wlllapa Harbor ........ Apr. I 7
Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 8
Grays Harbor Apr.. S
San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. -9
Point Arena ••.... Apr. 10
Humboldt Apr. 10
Portland & Astoria..... Apr. 10
San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 10
Grays Harbor ........... Apr. 11
Grays Harbor: . ; Apr. 11
Seattle & Whatcom .... Apr. 12
Grays Harbor ... ... Apr. 12
Puget Sound Ports Apr. 12
Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 13
Steamer.
Destination:
Sails.
Pier.
Iaqua......
Lakme.....
Mandalay..
North Fork.
Eureka....
Coos Bay. .
Pt. Arena..
Eureka. ...
Hyades. . . .
Spokane. . .
Uinatilla. . .
Pomona. . . .
Curacao...'
Empire....
Argo.* .'...'..
Arcata. . ...
Santa Cruz.
G. Elder...
Gaelic...
City Sydne>
Hermonthls
if April 4: '..•'. .I
Humboldt .........
Astoria & Portland.
Coqullle River. .....
Humboldt ' .........
Humboldt .........
San Pedro & • Way.
. April 5.
Point Arena
Honolulu v; Seattle.
Honolulu & Kahulul|
'¦ "April- «. |
San Dleeo * Way;. I
,Puget Sound Ports. |
April; 7.
Humboldt .........
Mexican Ports' ....
April 8.
Coos Bay v.
Coqullle River ...\|
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd|
Newport & Way Pt»
Astoria & I Portland
China & Japan ....
Panama t & < Way Pts
Hamburg & Way.. ]
• .. Anrll tt. i
Grays 'Harbor ..'.'..
Grays ' Harbor ,.'....
Willapa- Harbor..:.
San Dleso & Way..
Portland &"\Vay Pts
April 1O.
Valparaiso & Way.
Sydney; & -Way Pit.
Seattle & Tacoma..
April 11. |
Grays , Harbor . . . v;
Puget ' Sound' Ports.
- April 13.
Astorta & Portland.
Grays Harbor
- April 14.
Grays Harbor V.'f; . ;
2 pm|Pler 28
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier ,2
0 am Pier 2
0 am Pier 13
M am Pier U
2 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier —
| 3 pm Pier 20
I ft "am Pier It
|11 am|Pler 9
|l:30pjpier 8
10 am I Pier 11
12 mlPler ]S
I 4 pm|Pler 2
|12 miPler U
I 0 amiri«r 11
fll am | Pier 24
I 1 pm.'PMSS
ilt2 mlPMSS
|12 m|S. W. 2
I...... Pier -
I 4 pm I Pier 2
j 6 pmiPler 'i
19 amlPler 11
|10 am|Pler 10
12 m Pier 1C
10 am Pier. 1
10 am Pier 2
5 pm Pier i
II am Pier . t
It am!Pf-r 21
5 pmlPler i
5 pm|PIer 5
Chehalls...
O. Dollar..
Rival.
State Cal..
Alliance...
Colombia..
Sierra..'.".':
Santa Ana.
Sequoia'....
City Puebla
Columbia.';.
Co-cnado. .
Newburg.:"
Steamer.
For.
Sail..
Humboldt.Y.ilSkaeway & "Way 'Ports.! Apr. 4
City Topeka: Skagway. & Way Ports.|Apr. _ 6
Farallon..... Skagway ¦ & Ports. Apr. :• 6
City Seattle. . Skagway & "Way, Ports. Apr. h 0
' Al-Kl . . ,~; . . . . Rkasway . & Way Ports. Apr. 8
Dolphin ." . .'.'.. Skagway & . Way Ports. Apr.' : 9
Dlrlgo.. ;.*... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Bertha:..... Cooks Inlet & : Way Pts. Apr. 15
Santa Ana...' Cooks Inlet & Way pts. Apr. 15
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 15
Sur
Sur
4" 1
6
0
7
8
9
I
, rises
, ' sets .... .
>r. rises ...
Time ' .
Ft
L. W
2:00 2.5
2:C5 2.0
3:39 l.S
4:21 ' 0.9
6:05 0.5
5:49 0.1
H W
0:0.1 .-5.5
Time
H W
8:13
9:10
10:02
10:54
11:46
13:40
L W
C:3S
Ft.
4.4
4.7
4.9
n.o
5.1
4.9
Time
2:30
3:14
3:54
4:34
5:14
5:55
H W
1:36
B:60
,. 6:35
,...». 3:09 a. m.
¦ Time
PL Ft.
H W
*• 1.1 »:20 4.9
1.2 9:02 5.1
1.3 10:24 0.3
1.3 10:65 5.4
1.711:29 5.5
2.1
4.8hP:40 2.4
i
10
-0.1
Steamer.
•om.
lue.
Cmpire......
Hermunthla..
Sta. Barbara.
Aztec...
Pomona
Hong. Maru .
O. W. Elder..
Bonlta
Tltanla
Pleiades.....
Mackinaw...
Edith.......".
Colombia. ...
State of Cal..
Chehalls....-
Santa Ana...
Santa Monica
Argo.. ......
Area ta
Eureka ......
Alliance.....
G. Dollar....
City Puebla. .
Rival........
Acapulco....
Sequoia
Coos Bay
Point Arena. .'
North Fork. .
Columbia. . . .
Spokane
G. Llndauer. .
Corcnado. ...
Ralrier. ...*..
Newburg. . .v.
Queen;..... .
Snnta Cruz...
Coos Bay Apr. 4
Seattle Apr. 4
San Pedro ............. Apr. 4
Tacoma. Apr. 5
Humboldt Apr. 6
China - and Japan Apr. 0
Portland & Astoria.... Apr.' 5
Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 6
Nanalmo .............. Apr. 5
Seattle ................ Apr. 6
Tacoma Apr. 6
Seattle • • Apr. 6
Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. 6
San Diego' & Way Pts. Apr. B
Grays Harbor Apr. 6
i Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 6
Humboldt- .............. Apr. 6
Ferndale ! & Eel River. . Apr. ¦ 6
Coos Bay & Port Orford. Apr. 7
iHumboldt '...'....".....;. Apr/ 7
Portland & Way, Ports. Apr. - 7
Grays Harbor .......... Apr. 7
Puget Sound Ports..... I Apr. 7
Wlllapa Harbor ........ Apr. I 7
Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 8
Grays Harbor Apr.. S
San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. -9
Point Arena ••.... Apr. 10
Humboldt Apr. 10
Portland & Astoria..... Apr. 10
San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 10
Grays Harbor ........... Apr. 11
Grays Harbor: . ; Apr. 11
Seattle & Whatcom .... Apr. 12
Grays Harbor ... ... Apr. 12
Puget Sound Ports Apr. 12
Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 13
Sur
Sur
4" 1
6
0
7
8
9
I
, rises
, ' sets .... .
>r. rises ...
Time ' .
Ft
L. W
2:00 2.5
2:C5 2.0
3:39 l.S
4:21 ' 0.9
6:05 0.5
5:49 0.1
H W
0:0.1 .-5.5
Time
H W
8:13
9:10
10:02
10:54
11:46
13:40
L W
C:3S
Ft.
4.4
4.7
4.9
n.o
5.1
4.9
Time
2:30
3:14
3:54
4:34
5:14
5:55
H W
1:36
B:60
,. 6:35
,...». 3:09 a. m.
¦ Time
PL Ft.
H W
*• 1.1 »:20 4.9
1.2 9:02 5.1
1.3 10:24 0.3
1.3 10:65 5.4
1.711:29 5.5
2.1
4.8hP:40 2.4
i
10
-0.1
Steamer.
Destination:
Sails.
Pier.
Iaqua......
Lakme.....
Mandalay..
North Fork.
Eureka....
Coos Bay. .
Pt. Arena..
Eureka. ...
Hyades. . . .
Spokane. . .
Uinatilla. . .
Pomona. . . .
Curacao...'
Empire....
Argo.* .'...'..
Arcata. . ...
Santa Cruz.
G. Elder...
Gaelic...
City Sydne>
Hermonthls
if April 4: '..•'. .I
Humboldt .........
Astoria & Portland.
Coqullle River. .....
Humboldt ' .........
Humboldt .........
San Pedro & • Way.
. April 5.
Point Arena
Honolulu v; Seattle.
Honolulu & Kahulul|
'¦ "April- «. |
San Dleeo * Way;. I
,Puget Sound Ports. |
April; 7.
Humboldt .........
Mexican Ports' ....
April 8.
Coos Bay v.
Coqullle River ...\|
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd|
Newport & Way Pt»
Astoria & I Portland
China & Japan ....
Panama t & < Way Pts
Hamburg & Way.. ]
• .. Anrll tt. i
Grays 'Harbor ..'.'..
Grays ' Harbor ,.'....
Willapa- Harbor..:.
San Dleso & Way..
Portland &"\Vay Pts
April 1O.
Valparaiso & Way.
Sydney; & -Way Pit.
Seattle & Tacoma..
April 11. |
Grays , Harbor . . . v;
Puget ' Sound' Ports.
- April 13.
Astorta & Portland.
Grays Harbor
- April 14.
Grays Harbor V.'f; . ;
2 pm|Pler 28
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier ,2
0 am Pier 2
0 am Pier 13
M am Pier U
2 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier —
| 3 pm Pier 20
I ft "am Pier It
|11 am|Pler 9
|l:30pjpier 8
10 am I Pier 11
12 mlPler ]S
I 4 pm|Pler 2
|12 miPler U
I 0 amiri«r 11
fll am | Pier 24
I 1 pm.'PMSS
ilt2 mlPMSS
|12 m|S. W. 2
I...... Pier -
I 4 pm I Pier 2
j 6 pmiPler 'i
19 amlPler 11
|10 am|Pler 10
12 m Pier 1C
10 am Pier. 1
10 am Pier 2
5 pm Pier i
II am Pier . t
It am!Pf-r 21
5 pmlPler i
5 pm|PIer 5
Chehalls...
O. Dollar..
Rival.
State Cal..
Alliance...
Colombia..
Sierra..'.".':
Santa Ana.
Sequoia'....
City Puebla
Columbia.';.
Co-cnado. .
Newburg.:"
Steamer.
For.
Sail..
Humboldt.Y.ilSkaeway & "Way 'Ports.! Apr. 4
City Topeka: Skagway. & Way Ports.|Apr. _ 6
Farallon..... Skagway ¦ & Ports. Apr. :• 6
City Seattle. . Skagway & "Way, Ports. Apr. h 0
' Al-Kl . . ,~; . . . . Rkasway . & Way Ports. Apr. 8
Dolphin ." . .'.'.. Skagway & . Way Ports. Apr.' : 9
Dlrlgo.. ;.*... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Bertha:..... Cooks Inlet & : Way Pts. Apr. 15
Santa Ana...' Cooks Inlet & Way pts. Apr. 15
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 15
AJ VERTISEMENTS.
THE STRENUOUS LIFE
A Great Strain.
No one disputes the fact that we are
living In a "rapid" age; it is rush, rush,
rush from morning until night, and com-
petition is so fierce that the struggle does
not cease until the machine is worn out.
Women, too, even when .surrounded 'by
every comfort, become infected by the
common spirit, and what with their clubs 1
and many social duties, have no time to
give thought to their physical well-being,
until they are suddenly brought to a
sharp realization of the fact that noth-
ing in their lives is so important as at-
tention to correct, or rational living. It
may surprise the readers to learn that
women are more prone to piles than men,
and in most cases, because it is difficult
to impress upon them the importance of
regular movements of the bowels; irregu-
larity means straining at stool, and
straining means piles, with the certainty
(under the usual methods of treatment)
that the sufferer will "have them always
with her;'.' by "usual methods" is meant
the application of salves and lotions, or
(as a last resort) a surgical operation. If
there is a complaint which entails more
distress and suffering upon those afflicted
than piles or hemorrhoids, it Is not
known to the writer; fortunately, how-
ever, these are learning that there is a
remedy that effectually cures all forms
of piles; It is known as the Pyramid Pile
Cure, is in suppository form, is applied
directly to the parts, and does its work
quickly and painlessly; it is sold by drug-
gists for fifty cents a package, or will be
mailed by the makers to . any address,
upon receipt of price. Mrs. John H. Cas-
tona, 2942 Arch street, Chicago, says: "I
must write you that I was cured of a
very aggravating . case of itching and
bleeding piles . by • the use of the great
remedy, Pyramid Pile Cure, even after
several physicians had claimed' there was
no cure except by an operation. I am
well now, and owe all to this valuable
remedy. I cannot say 'enough for it."
Write the Pyramid Drug. Co., Marshall,
Mich., for their little book on the caine
and cure of piles. '
Pfll/lf*P Desirable location,
„ 1 UlUvW unsurpassed . cuisine,
' - u n e q u a 1 ed. ser-
51 fin vice and modern
lilill conveniences are the
attributes that have
IffOfl/i made these two ho-
Ul&llU tels popular with
• _ ' . tourists and travel-
•If/i'foiC ers who visit San
JJUlvlD Francisco.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTORS ENDORSE HERPICIDE
Because Its Formula Is Submitted to
Them.
Alexander McMilllan. M. D. f a promi-
nent physician of Lansing, Mich., writes:
"On three' cases I have tested Herpiclde
for dandruff and the result has been all
that could be desired."
Herpiclde Is made upon an entirely new
principle, that Is, that dandruff and fall-
Ins hair are caused from a microbe that
Infests the hair bulb, and, by destroying
the microbe one's hair Is bound to grow
luxuriantly. Herpiclde is the only hair
remedy that claims to and really does
destroy the dandruff germs. ___^
MUNYON'S INHALER
§: CATARRH
Colds, Coughs,
Influenza, Bron-
| chitis, Asthma
I and all Diseases
ot the -Throat
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are Inhaled through
the mouth and emitted from the nostrils, cleans-
Ing and yaporizinc all the inflamed and diaeased
parts which cannot be reached by medicine takes
into the stomach. J '¦' ' ¦'-."¦
s It reaches thesore spots— heals the raw places
—goes to the sratof diseast- acts as abaan and
tonic to the whole sy*tem-*-l.eQ at druggists or
¦ •>«/ mail Jlfmnwm. 2fno Yorkandl'hiladehhia-
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
. Established 188L Con,
sultatlon and private boo*
free at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 Market St. .
BAN FRANCISCO, CJLX*
A'Wi i in jr. r/TTr. *i-i-ff
noveltiesTgalores
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew; Homei
Lind and Company; Fred Stubcx;
Fapinta; Gorman and Keppler, p. ad
the Biograph. Last times of Frank
Lincoln; Simon, Gardner and Com-
pany, and the Milani Trio.
Reserved Seat*. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
NEXT WEEX-EKQAGSXEKT EXTRAORDINARY)
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And Co. In "THE LADY AND THE CLOCK."
And
•MB. AND MRS. SIDNEY DREW,
Presenting -THE YELLOW DRAGON."
BELASCO **"> THALE&jfatf^
*8C3T SHY ItAM
TO-NIGHT and SATY and SUNDAY EVGS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Last Times — the Great Comedy-Drama, the •
SLEEPING
Beautiful Scenery.
0 I B V Startling Effects.
yi i jl w v pienty ° r
"^ ' "^ w Wholesome Comedy.
PBTfFQ Erenings. ..10c to BOc
1 B.IWL J Matinee* 10c, 15c, 25;
NEXT MONDAY— The Big Success, "THE
LAND OF THE LIVING."
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
GET IN FOR. THE WIND-UP!
THIS WEEK THE LAST OF
— — f n.iiv
SeFenade!
MONDAY. APRIL 7.
The Great Alice Nellsen Ooera.
"The Fortune Teller."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. We and 75c
Telephone Bash 9. '
5jL.tt h mat r I* A r
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY AND SUNDA1
EVENINGS.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Last Times Martha Morton's Successful
Comedy,
BROTHER JOHN
A Charming Play New to This City.
PRICES— 15c. 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c.
Seats on sale six days In advance.
NEXT MONDAY— Extraordinary Double Bill
"MME. BUTTERFLY," and "THE GREA1
UNKNOWN."
Secure Your Seats In Advance.
PACKED EVERY NIGHT.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Last Three Nights of Our flOOO Star,
MELBOURNE (MCDOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In f ardou's Grandest Spectacular Play,
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
Ferocious Liens In the Hippodrome Scene.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c. 75e.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c.
Next week— G ISM ON DA
(f*(?^!& I P RH f=5 B A SMI FEWIUSIU'I
VUIaUI?B»l£t IIADIIiQ THEATPi
Powell Street, near Market.
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
LIEBLER & CO.'S IMMENSE PRODUCTION
Hall Caine's Great PlajL
THE CHRISTIAN,
EDWARD MORGAN »« John Storm.
Seat* for The Christian. $1 R0. $1. 75c. 50c, 25c
Last Time Next Sunday Night.
CT'"V'T~IZ> r\ t Reappearance In
*-'- /^- * rv^i^k • saij Francisco
MR. E. S. WILLARD
MONDAY. April 7.
In a New Play by Louis N. Parker. Entitled
THE CARDINAL,
Beats for Willard engagement. $2. $1 60, $L
75c, 50c, 25c- Now Selling.
LAST TIMES THIS WEEK— MATINEE TO-
MORROW.
AL. G. FIELD
GREATER MINSTRELS
60 — PEOPLE" ON THE STAGE — 50.
SUNDAY NIGHT.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY
Williams & Walker
And Their GIlt-Edged Company.
Eeats Selling for Sunday Night and First
Week.
Following Comes the Favorite* Mr. JAMES
NEILL AND THE NEILL COMPANY.
| FISCHER'S THEATER I
O'Farrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231.
DID YOU £EE— DID YOU HEAR
Of the Long Line in Waiting for Next Mon-
day Night's Opening of Our Great
WEBER & FIELD'S
Laughable Burlesque Plays.
Even-body Will Want to See Our New Fanioua
Comedians. You Cannot Afford to Miss
"FIDDLE DEE DEE."
Up to Monday Night Next
"LITTLE CHRISTOPHER"
Will Remain the Bill. : -*.:'"
Matineea on Saturday and Sunday for 2S
cents anywhere. Children at Matinees only 10
cents. Our Night Prices 25 and 50 cents.
;Sj|SjRACING
._«3^,*gs3i«g«» Every Week Day-
VT Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 s. m. sharp. 1
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 2 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved tor
lidies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
jerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oalc
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con
Beet with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These, electric cara
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes. . .
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:iS P- m. and immediately after th* last
tmce.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
MAX HEINRICH.
JULIA HEINRICH.
SONG RECITAL
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT m.
RICHARD STRAUSS NOVELTIES.
Seats 75c, f 1. $1 CO. at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
. ApVEBTISEMENTS. , __¦__ .'
Jiiiiiii^iiii « I 1 \J § n\ 1 ' .1 -¦¦" I F^ltliiJ^N^l
fl^^^HH in Frisco. Nine-tenths of the
' CO 1116 FrOm 0Uf H0US^
i|?;iH^^^^^^^ To-day we are showing up some
¦ st ! iking exampIes of Hfek-ckss TaiI -
fabrics — in the new shades of Green,California Optical Co. will formally open
their new store at 205 Kearny street Sat
urday evening, April 5. You are cordially
invited. , ...»
T Yf -r/OULDN'T that bump you,"
y^ i\ ¥ said the cabby, • as the front
\\/\\/ wheel of his veiilcle struck a
V .V depression on Golden Gate
• avenue. . ' , ¦
- The belated citizen poked- his head out
the window and mildly reproved the
driver. "Can't you find the- soft places?
That last jar mixed the. drinks i ,1- imbibed
this evening, and my insldes feel worse
than an ocean' in a storm.".' •¦
All the way up Golden : Gate avenue
cabby did what other, drivers have been
doing for the past three weeks— trying to
find a Bmooth roadway to travel upon.
The storm on Tuesday morning' filled the
holes with water ,and horses floundered
about In the breakers. A small, boy used
the "chain of lakes" to sail his boat. A
well-known citizen living on Golden Gate
avenue, between Hyde. and Larkln, has
applied to the. Supervisors for 'permission
to raise trout in the miniature lakes. He
says it would be a great accommodation
to himself and' neighbors to be able to
poke a fishing pole out of their windows
and> cast -"¦ the "fly. -Another enterprising
storekeeper Mn, the vicinity- is thinking
about, establishing a. "jolt the Jolts" game.
He thinks' it would -rival' "loop the loop"
and "shooting the chutes" as a pastime.
His plan Is . to ~ hire an automobile and
have if hit Hhe bumps at a 2:40 gait and
The repairers of vehicles intend putting
in a petition to the Board of Public Works
not to repair the street, asthey are reap
ing a harvest putting in new, springs and
furnishing new axles. ¦¦ ¦ ,/-r t
Golden Gate avenue is supposed to be a
boulevard, but the Board of Public Works
has* forgotten that such a street exists'.
Never in the history of the city has a
street been in a more wretched condition.
In the dark the ruts loom up like the
shafts of an abandoned mine. The horses
fear to travel over the dangerous ground;
automobiles shy ' at the '.holes; ¦ cyclists
have been bounced out of their seats and
residents on the, avenue Bay, that children
have fallen into the depressions, to be
recovered with difficulty. . ' ¦
CALL'S CARTOONIST: DEPICTS THE DANGERS AND THE DIFFICULTIES WHICH BESET CITIZENS WHO '
RASHLY ATTEMPT TO NAVIGATE GOLDEN- GATE AVENUE. BECAUSE .OF THE SAD STATE OF (_
DILAPIDATION IXTO WHICH THAT THOROUGHFARE HAS BEEN ALLOWED TO SINK. '
At. a meeting of the officers of the First
California- Infantry held recently a- com
mittee was appointed to make Inquiries
regarding several bills now pending be
fore Congress providing funds for the al
lowance of "travel pay" to the volunteers
of the Eighth Army Corps, who served
in the Philippine Islands after April 12.
1S39. A. subsequent meeting was held of
officers of the First California^' Volunteer
Infantry, the California Heavy Artillery
and the regular army volunteers, at which
a committee consisting of Colonel Thomas
F. O'Neil and Colonel John. F. Connelly
of the First California Infantry, Captain
Thomas Costello of the regular army vol
unteers and Captain Dennis Geary and
Charles G. Austin of the California Heavy
Artillery was appointed to take measures
to urge the passage of one of the bills
during the present session of Congress.
The committee ha3 prepared a petition to
Congress which may be found at the quar
ters of the First California Infantry, Paga
and Gough streets; at the artillery quar
ters, 815 Ellis street, and at 630 Market
street. They request all ex-volunteers,
both of the regular army and of the Stata
volunteer regiments who served in the
Philippine Islands after April 12, 1S99, to
call at once at one of the above places
and sign the petition, as it is desired to
forward it to Washington within. the next
two weeks.
Union Officers Cited.
Con Harrington and John Bell, officers
of the Pacific Coast- Marine Firemen'3
Union, were cited by Judge Seawell yes
terday to appear before him Monday and
show cause why they should not be pun
ished for contempt of court in refusing to
obey an injunction issued last month re
straining , them from preventing John
Gavin from attending; the meetings of tha
union. '
Herman expects to earn his way bv
sell'ng photographs of himself.: rilnce h"e
has been on the read Herman has received
s-everal very nattering offers to exhibit
himself in dime museums, but he declined
them all. He arrived in this city yester
day and reported to Chief Wittman as
his contract reaulres that he report to
the Chief of Police in each town through
which his path lead? him. This provision
has already caused him .considerable
trouble, as the officers notictngliis unique
make-up are loth to let him escape. Phy
sicians are of the opinion that Herman
will ruin his health by walking with his
hands in so strained a position.
Alfred Herman, a Tailor, Is Making
Trip Around World With His
Wrists Manacled.
With his hands manacled after the fash
ion of a lailbird. Alfred Herman, a tailor,
has started out from Bakersfield
to make a- trip around the world.
Herman ' Is not attempting this
rather extraordinary trip in expiation of
any crime that h* has committed, nor is
it being made because he enjoys walking
with his hands bound in -this peculiar
fashion, but to win a wager of JlOuO. The
conditions of this strange wager require
that he start on the journey penniless
and that the handcuffs are only to be re
moved from his wrists when. he is about
to retire to his nightly rest. Then thev
are to ".be" unlocked by the proprietor of
the hotel wherein he sleeps.
. ¦
TRAVELS HANDCUFFED
TO WIN A BIG WAGEH
.A well-known horseman- took a day off
yesterday to count the holes in one block
in order to make his complaint to the
Board of Works good and strong. He
started out valiantly, but before he had
counted thirty square feet he was seized
with dizziness and had to quit. And
others have had the same experience.
On the first Sunday; in April the em
ployes of the J. Noonan Furniture Com
pany will enjoy an outing at San Pedro,
through the kindness of Mrs.- Noonan;
who bears, the expense of the trip. Mr3.
Noonan has always- kept in "close touch
with her people by her watchful care and
interest in their welfare and well being.
Her generosity in so many instances has
greatly endeared her to them. Such kin-1
ly treatment tends to make life sweeter
and better, and if all emplovers were as
considerate and thoughtful we would sel
dom, hear of strikes or, labor troubles of
any description.' To this in a measure
may be ascribed her great success as a
business woman, added to her dignified
and business-like attention to every de
tail of the great business she so success
fully controls.
allow the passengers to experience the
delights of doing ground and lofty bounc
ing. . „ ¦-.-;' • . • . * .... -
Jerome Bassity. - Dr. Dalziel; Harry
Patrick, Ed.Aigeltlnger and other well
known drivers of spirited animals, flght
shy of the alleged boulevard.- It was
their wont to travel out the avenue en
route to the park, but the continual
bumping ma.de them imagine- they were
suffering from .maldemer. ¦ ¦ ¦ -
A Sunday. Outing.
Ulysses G. Bair pleaded guilty to the In
dictment charging him with making, hav
ing in his possession and passing coun
terfeit dollars. , He was ordered to ap
pear for sentence next Saturday morning
at 11 o'clock. ¦ ,
Bair.- was . cleverly trapped several
months ago by Secret Service Agents Ha
zen, Foster .'and Moffitt while passing
counterfeit dollars on bookmakers at the
racetrack. Bair took the agents, to his
house and showed them where^he had
concealed 1 the tools used In making the
money. He said he had been making
counterfeit money for. nearly a year and
that by using- It with the bookmakers in
betting on the races he had an average
income of $600 per month. Mr. and Mrs.
Bair had a luxuriously furnisned cottage
at Fruitvale. which they were buying on
the Installment plan. Their reputation
was good,' and Bair was spoken of as a
catfiidate for the Board of Supervisors
of Alameda County. •
After a consultation with Secret Service
Agent George W. Hazen yesterday United
States District Attorney "Woodworth en
tered a nolle prosequi in the case of the
United States against Mrs. Kate Bair on
the charge of passing counterfeit dollars.
Mr. Hazen said it would be Impossible to
prove to the satisfaction of a jury that
Mrs. Bair knew the money given her by
her husband, Ulysses G. Bair, was coun
terfeit. She claimed that she linew noth
ing as to 'the source from whfch the
.money, had been obtained, except that she
believed her husband, had won it at - the
races. .^rr;:;...- ;
Ulysses G. Bair Admits
.That He Made Bogus
, Dollars.
Members of California
Regiments Will Peti
tion Congress.
COUNTERFEITER
PLEADS GUILTY
ASK TRAVEL PAY
FOR VOLUNTEERS
Divorces were granted yesterday ' to
Anna Bates from John Bates for. cruelty,
fatherir.e A. Whiteside from Rolin J.
Whiteside for desertion. Vine Hanna from
Hugh Hanna for n^fflect and Alice Val
iant from Frank P. Valiant for neglect.
Cora Virginia Stinscn filed a suit for di
vorce against JPii H. Stinson.* paying tell
er of the Anglo-California Bank yesterday
on the ground ,ol cruelty. The complaint
js a epicy one, and if aii the allegations
ktq true Yik- married life of the Stinsons
has b^en anything but a happy. one.
According to Mrs. Stinson her husband
ha? been in tb« habit of coming home
drunk and abusing her to- such a degree
ihat she was compell«»d on more than one
occasion to «*«ill upon her father and
brother to save her from harm at his
hands, she allecPS-
They were married in October of last
vcar. Thv. acts of cruelty complained of
5>y Mrs Stinson are alleged to have com
merced in th* month following the wed
rfir.p. She aileges that on the. night of No
vemher 13 of last year, Stinson came'home
intrxiratPd and abused her from 9
o'clock until 4 o'clock the next morning.
He would not. she alleges, allow her to
go to sleep, thereby | causing -her great
mental agony. Sh»» alleges that he rc
ppsted the offense on the night of Novem
ber 23 and again on the nijrht of December
S3. She. alleges that she suffered so much
from the abuse that she was compelled to
remain in her bed for three days, suffer-
Jr.gr from-nprvous- prostration. . £.
On January IS.- she alieges. he again
came home drunk and abused her until
she called in her father and brother, to
protect her.
Emma Scholz 1? sulner A. J. Scholz for
divorce on the ground of desertion- and
Emiiy C. Maplp is suing John £. Maple
for divorce on the ground of- neglect and
failure to provide. : • . '
¦Among ¦; the. letters '.was -one from his
sister Lizzie,, .who' slgnstherself ."Black
Bess,"- breaking the. new^rto Dennis of
the murder of her mother -at the "hands
and feet" r of "Brother Tom." Lizzie' s«
husband was recently j convicted : of burfe
lary in St.. Louis, and" sentenced to serve
a-long-term'of ; years in the penitentiary.
The young wife. is only 19 years old.
Dennis;- Splain, the suicide, : was a dis
charged soldier from Battery F, Fifth
Light Artillery, which. saw service at the
siege of Peking. It is supposed he brood
ed over the tragic fate of his mother and
the disgrace of his family until he re
solved to kill himself. ¦--*-;¦
The discovery of his identity was made
by Deputy. Public Administrator Newbert
when examining the contents of the trunk
left in. the room -of the dead man: There
were a large- number' of. : letters I addressed
to Dennis • Splain and' several I clippings*
from the St.- Louis Republican. The clip
pings told , how .Thomas Splain of 1507
Biddle street had i brutally murdered his
aged mother last December ' by knocking
her • down and'klcklng her- prostrate boujr
until he had. broken seven ribs and frac
tured .her-skull. The. cause: for the as
sault was the fact that, his mother had
reproved him'. for; .coming home drunk.
Thomas Splain "was 23 years old and his
mother 57. The tragedy occurred last De
cember,- and Splain's friends are trying
to prove that he was Insane. ,
The ex-soldler known ' as Harold . C. Syl
vester, • who ' committed suicide ; laat
Wednesday • evening ' by swallowing . car
bolic acid In St. Patrick's Church,- haa
been Identified as -.Dennis Splaln, : whose
relatives : live at /'1507 Biddle street, St.
Louls^ .:' • " '•:.> ¦¦'-'¦-, ". •-, •
Mother by His Brother
Thomas. , :
Broods Over the Murder of Hia
ing He Treated Her
With Cruelty.
She Asks for a Divorce, Say-
Paying Teller Stinson Is
Accused by His
Spouse.
Ex-Soldier Who .Ended
! Life in St. Patrick's
Is Identified.
Citizens Become Seasick Bumping Over the /Alleged
Boulevard— -Small Boys Sail Boats Over the "Chain of
Lal^es" and Thank thfe Board of Works j for Pleasure
HUSBAND
NIGHT A TERROR
FAMILY'S SHAME
CAUSES SUICIDE
"JOLT THE JOLTS" IS A FAVORITE
PASTIME ON GOLDEN GATE AVENUE
¦THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 4, 1 902.
8
¦: AD VEETISEMENTS. : ~^~^_
™^p^^ ..Jf 1^! atior\ has risen*
This trade; marK indicates purity and per-,
fection in brewing, and has been used on
more bottles than any other label ife the
world. Found only on the famous bottling of
AnheusbrBjuschBrewingAssto
j>' .*; at. Louis, u. s. A.
•Brewers of the /amoMBudwclser, Mlchelob. BlieK & Tan. Faust,
Pale-Lager, Anheuser-Standard, Export Pale and E-xquisit*.
AH orders promptly filled br
E. G. LYONS & EAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, CaL r ;
CgaggBgEgBBgaBggZBHBMBMBBMHBEEKBEBBBHBHHHHMHiEHaBBH^BBBB
H ' * ; ~~" • " — r- 1 ¦ . - - - : " r ~~~": ~~~~" " ~~" ; ¦-. . -.- . _.-.¦,-.¦ .-.¦•.' ;¦..••,-. " . .. . ¦ -, — •.¦-.... — — — — — , — — *7T— — — — — -- — — — — — —^ , — ~— oh
a \_ jo ¦ — - — -. . . t _- .... . — , ... . . , .-.-,.' - ¦.. ,- _,. - — — -, ,. .„ ; ., .-.-. _ . .. .... . ,,-_,_ ¦ : — — — -¦ < 0 ;' .- 5"
| j | Ripans Tabules are^ the best medicine in the >yorld. There | |
| I I $ any condition of Hi health^ that is not; benefited by I; J
! I the occasional use of a Ripans Tabule, and thevprice==10 for 5/ S s
I 1 | cents==does not bar. them from any home or Justify any one in : S
i S enduring ills that are easily cured; A family bottle containing : 5,
I < \ 150 Tabules is sold for 60 Cente. For sale by druggists. f \ \
1 .' . .' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ : "/¦¦¦' ¦ I v • : ----: ¦¦ ' -' ' "¦.'¦¦ : ' v " ' ":/' . i S
KgDCgnggggggBBHBBgEaBattSBBaBgEE^gBBnBBBBBBaHBIIBB3HHBBBnHBBHBBBEBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBEHagtgaBa^BBBBBBBBBBBB^OLDEST "FIDDLER" IN ' ' STATE,
WHO WILL TAKE % PART IN
ALLIANCE ENTERTAINMENT. ' :'
SANTA ROSA. April 3.— P. L. Schlotter
bach, charged v.-ith attempting to bribe a*
witness to give false testimony, was dis
charged to-day. The court beldUhat the
testimony showed that the defendant did
out. offer money to Witness Churchill.-
Court Declares Him Innocent.
BUTTE, Mont., April 3.— A special to the
Miner from Great Falls says Harry Stokes
(colored) was - killed • to-night by William
Hay ward during- a' dispute over a woman.
The men were quarreling, when Hayward
picked up an iron bar and brained Stokes.
Hayward surrendered to* the policeTW ';£«*
Killed During a Dispute.
SACRAMENTO, ; April ; " 3.— Sacramento
Ijodge'of ; Elks ;to-day. bought a site 'for., i
magnificent : three-story ' building to be
erected *< within a. year.- The property is
located : on the south side '¦ of J street, • be
tween ¦' Eighth and - Ninth, - and ' cost th*»
Elks r >30,000,~--The ? proposed « building will
cost"; over J50.000. :.:.. > - •
Sacramento Elks Buy - a', Site.
ALLAHABAD, British: India, April 3.—
Hudda Mullah, the fanatic, who . ha3 . in
the past endeavored to embroil Great
Britain r and 'Afghanistan, has -started, for
Cabul,' the capital of Afghanistan, < with'
5000 armed followers. It . is . feared that
his arrival at Cabul'-. will cause disturb
ances, as the widow of the late Ameer -is
opposed Xohim.i •;«;.;.-.*.. '" /\ \
Hudda Mullah Marches.
Bad Freight Wreck;
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 3.— A bad
freight wreck is reported to have occurred
in Blue Rock Canyon on the Southeru
Pacific Railroad. ' Two freight trains
came together in: the canyon, which is on
the western slope of the Sierras, the cars
being piled up so badly that traffic will
probably be blocked for twenty-four
hours. A number of the train crews aro
reporteaUtilled or. injured. - \ ¦
Ends His Life by Hanging.
SAN MATEO, April 3.— This forenoon
Brentiss Taplin, for the past nine years
employed by the San Mateo Company as
a teamster, was found hanging to a tree
on the Parrott estate. It was a clear case
of suicide. Taplin was a single man
about 50 years old. He had a sister in
the East, but no known relatives in this
State. ¦ .<
: BERLIN, April 3.— The CcntralAssocla- |
. tlon ¦ of German manufacturers has' called i
a "conference"; of 'all - trusts 7and ', syndicates,
engaged in trade and associations of man
ufacturers to be held in Berlin, April 3.
to discuss - the economic ' advantages of
'combinations. •. Three rhundred such com
binations have '' been organized in Ger
, many; during the past : few . years. . .
German Trusts :. to . Hold Conference.
, . ' . .'. Thursday, April 3.
,'¦¦. Stmr IaQua.;GunderBon. SI hours 'from San
Stmr Scotia, ' Walviff, 30 hours from Rock
p° rt - \ ¦sIi£ 1 Eix::-V: -.;!,.;,:•::
• -Thursday, April 3. .'
- Stmr ; Homer, .Donaldson,- . 4 • ¦ . ., ..- . .' . ;; .'
; Stmr? Aberdeen. Hi&Klns, ;. Astoria - and ' Port-
a gtmr Gualala, Weber. — -. . , ,; ; .
/..•;" DOMESTIC PORTS. ( .\
SAN DIEGO— Sailed April 3— U S stmr Wis
consin.: for Ean , Francisco. .
'• PORTLAND— Cleared April 3— Br uMp Mar*
Ion Lightbody, for Queeiistown. , .
PORT' TOWN8KND- Sailed April 3— Bktn
John . Palmer, \ from . Port Gamble, for -East
L ° ndOi y ; .. FOREIGN- PORTS. . ' % \
VICTORIA; ; B C— Sailed -April 3-4BrIstm'r
Amur,": for 'Alaska; . stmr Tacoma, for .Tacom*.
The ¦ steamer : Tacoma" reports the . Br ship Sen
ator, from ' Glassrow ¦ for ¦ Seattle, outside bound
in.. ' ¦ ¦* '"- ' -' -•.."'"¦• ¦ • .... • .'.-!-. ¦¦„-;
-"HAMBURG-— Sailed Aorll-3— Ger Btmr Nu
inantla,--'forj San "Francisco.*"- 1 - '.'.- •* - ; .--- •'
v. - •. ,-¦.. :, -¦;' >:¦¦:¦ •
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
CHICAGO, April 3.— The old City Coun
cil marked its last business session last
night. by unanimously passing the Bur
lington , track elevation ordinance, which
requires tho raising of 88 J3-10O miles of
track of -the Chicago.. Burlington and
Quincy, the Chicago and Northwestern,
the Panhandle, the Chicago .Terminal
Transfer, the Chicago Junction and the
Santa Fe railroads. The cost is esti
mated at $2,000,000, and the work must be
completed by December 31, 1908.
Session by Passing Necessary
. Ordinance.
BURLINGTON RAILROAD
-.' MUST ELEVATE TRACKS'
Chicago City Council Marks Its Last
Honor Dr. Hale.^-
BOSTON, April 3.— In recognition of his
long, busy and fruitful life as a journal
ist, theologian, philanthropist and man of
letters several thousand of Boston's lead
ing citizens gathered in Symphony Hall
to-night to honor Rev. Dr. Edward Ever
rtt Hale and congratulate him on the at
tainment of his eightieth birthday.
FIEUME , Hungary. April 3.— The ? dock
labore/s who- have; been-' on strike here
bave-^iccepted.thplr employers', terms and
work has been, resumed. \ '-•,/,:,,. " -
Dock Laborers Raturn to Work.
Rush to Thunder Mountain.
BOISE. April 3.— Travel to the Thunder
Mountain district is increasing. The
weather has now settled and with the
approach of warm weather in the moun
tains thoge willing to go by trail are
starting' by way of Council and Warren.
So far as known that Is the only- way
open yet from the south, but it Is said
that others will be open soon. — ;
MOUNT HOLLY. N. J.. April 3.-^Mrs.
Mabel Fenton: Hayries .was tprday ac
quitted of vthe' charge ot murdering- her
two-year-old :.* stepdaughter, Gwendoline,
at Delancox a year ago. ; It was alleged
that.the child's death was due to inhuman
.treatment by Mrs. Haynes. The case had
been on trial for. two weeks. . . ::»-¦ v . ,
Stepmother.' Is Acquitted of Murderf
, JOPLIN, Mo., April 3.— Dick Bayless, a
member " of the - Joplin baseball team,
proved himself a hero to-day by saving
the. lives of nine, men at the TValcot mine,
-on the Missouri lead and zinc tract. Fire
started in. the holster-house. r The holster
man became confused and was unable to
render assistance to the. eleven men.un
der ground. ¦; Bayless, who .was employed
in the engine-room, pulled out nine of the
men ¦ through smoke and flames I b? f ore he
was overcome with exhaustion. The res
"cued workmen pulled up the remaining
two men just as the holster-house col
lapsed.
Were Imprisoned . in Burning
Mine.
Saves the Lives of Nine Miners Who
MISSOURI ; BALL PLAYER -'¦
PROVES HIMSELF A HERO
GREAT FALLS. Mont.. April 3.— A
barbed wire fence ls> to be erected along
the boundary between Canada end Mon
tana, which is designed to prevent the
wholesale smuggling cf cattle, from one
country to another. .Captain Dean of the
Northwest mounted police says 510.0C0 has
been appropriated by the Dominion Gov
ernment for the purpose, : and Spencer.
BroT.? large cattlemen, will contribute an
equal amount. The first fence will start
at Writing on Stone and extend eastward
about lifty miles. Other extensions will
follow Each Government has nxed . a
duty of about 20 per cent on imported cat
tle but the duty has been avoided for
years by cattlemen, who apirarehtly'care
lessly allow cattle to stray across tne
boundary. -' - . .
Spencer was recently arrested by ex
amination customs authorities for alleged
smuggling of cattle, and was forced to
deposit $2500 duty pending the determina
tion of his appeal, which is now under
consideration. He blames hfs arrest to
rival cattlemen. . who . he thinks have
smuggled cattle for years! To get even
with his rivals and injure even conditions
he has joined the Canadian authorities in
footing the expense of the fence. Tho
fence will, of course, do much to prevent
horse stealing and cattle rustling, .now
epidemic along the boundary... ,
the Boundary to Prevent Cat
tle Smuggling.
Barbed Wire to Be Stretched . Along
CANADA AND MONTANA
TO BE DIVIDED BY FENCE
LrOS ANGELES. April 6.— B. Lantry &
Sons of Strong City, Kans.. who are im
proving China Basin In San "Francisco
Harbor for the Santa Fe Railway system,'
¦were to-day awarded the contract for the
company's new shops In Ean Bernardino.
The price will be S1C7.S55. The new facili
ties will include an addition to tbe pres
ent machine shop, new car shops,- boiler
chop, brass foundry, a pattern" shop -and
Eeveral smaller building?.
Shops for the Santa Fe.
, REDDING, April 3.— R. S. Jewell, , a
hardware merchant and plumber of this
citj', is under arrest, charged with assault
upon sn eight-year-old .schoolboy, 1 who
has a long gash in the back of his head
where :,he was struck by a wooden mallet
which Jewell hurled at him; .The boy will
no doubt recover though; the -. blow might
have killed .him. ¦ According : to the story
of ¦ the boy. Willie Parker, Jewell . hurled
the mallet at him and his two companions
as they stood inoffensively talking in the
store door. Jewell maintains that the lads
entered the store and called him' vile
names.
Accused of Injuring a Child.
CARSON, Nev., April 3.— Early this
morning J. T. Jones, who was convicted
of robbing the United States Mint In' this
city eight years ago,, came before the
United States Commissioner and swore to
the paupers oath. Hia term expired and
in order, td gain^hts freedom he -had to
take the oath as the Judge in sentencing
him Imposed a fine of $5000 with an eight
year sentence. .
-Jones, who- was in the melting and refin
ing department, in company with James
Heney, robbed the mint of 'over 175,000. ' It
required two trials in each- case to gain
a conviction. »Heney finished his sentence
several .months ago and has left- the State
Jones'remained in this city during the day
and will leave for California, where he has
a wife and family residing. In his case
the swearing to the pauper's oath is be
lieved by the majority of people, as he
spent money lavishly in his defense. Even
his household belongings went to liquidate
,tj\€( debts^ contracted with his. lawyers.
Man Who Robbed Carson Mint Com
g * pletes His:Eight-Ycar Prison
* •'• "Sentence.- •• • •
TAKES PAUPER'S OATH
Jj ; AND GAINS FREEDOM
Not Missing; Merely Visiting.
SAN JOSE. April S.VThe whereabouts
of T- E. Robertson, the septuagenarian,
who disappeared from his residence* last
week and for whom the police of -the
State have been looking, has been, dis
covered. A telegram to his wife announces
his arrival at Denver, Colo., whither he
went on a visit to his son.
Pi re Destroys a Planing MilL,
RENO, Nev., April 3.— The three-story
planing milk the property of the Reno
Mill 'and Lumber Company, situated in
the eastern part of Reno, was destroyed
by fire to-day at noon. The loss Is (13,000,
Insurance faOOO. George H. Taylor Is pres
ident of the company and Charles Gulling
secretary and general manager. _^.
Wisconsin Sails From San Diego.
SAN DIEGO. April 3.— The battleship
Wisconsin Wt for the 'north shortly after
5 o'clock this morning.
SAN RAFAEL, April 3.— The cases
esainst several persons for alleged illegal
registration came up to-day before Judge
Rodden In this city. There ' were seven
cases en the docket, but oniy one was
tried, that of J.' Riley. Suda evidence
was introduct-d by the defense that it
was impossible to gain conviction. After
an - Investigation the District Attorney
asked for the dismissal of al Ithe cases
on a technicality.
Evidence Lacking for Conviction.
TWO ARMYjgLIETJTENANTS * • ;"£
ARE DROWNED IN A RIVER \
DETROIT,^ April 3.— While returning
from a fishing expedition in a small sail
boat to-day Lieutenant Howard P.'Avery,
adjutant of the First Battalion -of the
Fourteenth Regiment, stationed at Fort
Wayne ; here, ' and Second ; Lieutenant
Ashbridge were drowned by the over
turning of the boat in < the river. -Trum
peter Richard Tuney -was I rescued j while
clinging to the overturned boat and Is
now in the fort hospital in a serious con
dition. These. men all saw service In the
Philippines and returned with the three
companies of the Fourteenth Regiment
about two, years ago.; Lieutenant Avery
was appointed a first "sergeant of Com
pany I of the Fourteenth Regiment from
civil life in California and while In the
Philippines performed : meritorious sef
vice.- He led ¦ the charge in . the . historic
attack on blockhouse 14 at Manila and foe
this ; heroic • work was -promoted. After
that he was known as the hero of block
house 14. Lieutenant Ashbridge was also
appointed -from the ranks for meritorious
service. -At a- late hour ; the bodies of the
two officers had not been recovered.'?
Lieutenant Avery was about 26 years of
age and married. Lieutenant Xshbridge
was about the same age and single. ¦
SAN JOSE. April 3.— The town election
which takes place at Santa Clara en April
7 is attracting a good deal of attention.
The official ballots which are being print
ed contain the names of the following can
didates: -V
For Town Trustee, thre« to be chosen — D. O.
Cruffel. L. M. Khnberlln. I. J. Koehle. Dr. A.
E. Osborne. S. K. Sanders. John Widnsjr.
For Treasurer — Wood James, A. N. Mills. P.
J. Rlley. H. H. Stevens, E. F. Stanley, Georo
Wanderer.
For School Trustee, two to be chosen — Dr.
E. H. Smith. Dr. G. H. Worrall.
For Superintendent of Schools — A. L. - Kel
logg.
For Clerk — George J. Fenton. ' '-'
For Marshal— D. A. Toomey.
Candidates at Santa Clara.
STOCKTON. April 3.— Recently the
Beard cf Supervisors of San Joaquiu
County passed an ordinance imposing a
special tax cf 5 cents a head on all sheep
In the county, the ostensible purpose be
ing to keep the sheep off the grazing
lands. T'pon representations of prominent
sheep men that the tax would keep sheep
out of the county and result in a loss In
taxes and to the business Interests of
merchants of something like 5200,000 a year
a special meeting of the board was called
to-day to consider the repeal of the ordi
nance. Chairman Henderson of the board
stated that the ordinance would undoubt
edly be repealed.
Sheep Tax Will Be Repealed.
APPRECTATEVtHE . SERVICES ?
j OF REDMpND AND McHTTQH
Freedom' -or" tie-. (^City of Dublin: Is
| Conferred* <m7ihe Noted Irish ; -
I! !:-?£:^ 'Nationalists. ¦¦- ; $f
¦DUBLIN,' 'Aprit:'3.rrThe freedom of ;;{hft
<;Jty. of . Dublin"; waaVconferred to-diyVon
J6hn ',' Redmond," chairman , of thg -'United
Irish; Lf ague 'and of the" Irish"; Parlia
mentary party, andiPatrick A. ;McHug*h?
NatiQriaji"8t"Member. ; of Parliament for the
division- of Leitrim, -who, with.^tho'maii
O'Dohrielt,' recently 'inade a .tour, of /the
United States in the. interests .at. the Irish
League. :::¦; • ,-, .
iv Tlro Lord Mayor, -feu Thomas 'DI Pile^
In. a speech said the' freedom -was 1 - confer
red as a recognition of thejr services to
the Nationalist cause. The corporation' of
Dublin desired, he said, to^mark'^the enor
mous success of the party under "Red
mond's leadership and their admiration
for the courage with which McHugh had
f ought for national interests and against
the infamous system of jury packing
Redmond, in replying, said he regarded
the city of Dublin's action as an earnest
evidence of her fidelity to the principle of
self-government- The local government
act had createa.4he first free representa
tive bodies in Ireland, had ended the pos
sibility of a long continuance of the rule
o» Ireland by force and coercion and had
brought nearer the day when a truly na
tional government would be restored
Admiral Evans fialtl of <3eriieral Furistflni
i. -You can't throw S<£wn* a 1 "man' like Fur|3tph"
• because of what hq says. He enjoys his posi
tion because of whiffhe has, done. lie is not
¦a general of the United -State* army for WHat
¦ he i said, but for what-he;dld,' not on oneToc £
: caslon . or on two\occasibris, ' but on . several
.= erttrgencles, and that's what generals are for.
' It does not matter, wher^a man got hlB'atjil-.
¦Ity In.war. It may be- in, his., blood. It may
: come tSrougrhtroiiKlv/^bartlicxperience. Ifrnay
;¦ be acquired . at >the aoad«mles . at Annapolis "or
i w<eat Polnt.v.-;Ut>t- wh«rev«-,,'or. however • a-: matt
firot it. If "he idisplaya^thjit- he^has the'pow«r.
; to corr.malid, .' he flnda:' recognition, and ;'. that
, Is Funston'S" style. He*'ls 'a . fighting man |atTd'
he won his general's star by fighting. Regari?
;.less of what he says, the fact -remains th&t
he. has' made ' g;ood. that he maide ' good rbef o're
he got his'gcncral'5 star and that is the !hint
basis' for,, i>rom«jtlon In the army or the navy.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 3f-Admiral
Robley D. Evans was In Kansas City to
day en route to San Francisco, whence he
will sail shortly for the China station,
where he has been assigned., to . a,com
mand. He was ' accompanied jjsy.this^ yJ'ife
and daughter. -~~ -\:'v-»«f:v*'i£'- t -> ' ' -"*«-V
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DECEASED ALAMEDA CHINA
MAN WHO BROUGHT UP HIS
CHILDREN AS AMERICANS.
This Is not a case of the injunction In ad
vance of a trial. No violence has been done to
persons or property. Capital and labor have
an equal right to organize, as Is now recog
nized by all sensible people. The courts should
not Interfere except in a case of obvious neces
sity. When courts and judges of first Instance
have gone beyond this It has been an abuse
i>f power. ¦
NEW YORK. April 3.— Justice Gaynor,
In the Supreme Court sitting at Brooklyn,
to-day handed down a decision bearing on
the question as to whether strikers may
maintain a picket line. The Justice denied
an injunction asked for by Frank Herzog
and Louis E. Erbe, bookbinders, to .re
strain /J. L. Fitzgerald and others frqm
patrolling and picketing streets tn the f 1
clnlty of the plaintiffs place of business
with a view to Inducing- or compelling men
at work to Join In a\ttrike which had been
declared. In his decision Judge Gaynor
said: UK.-;;/
of New York Denies Petition/
for Injunction.
STRIKERS "MAY: MAINTAIN
: W, AN ORDERLY "PICKET- LLNE
Justice Oaynor of the Supreme Court
His Ability.
Say s r :; Gene^^B^lds^'Bis
AUBURN, April 3.— The closing of the
I^cnten season was followed by the mar
riage cf two of Auburn's popular young
people. It took place at the Episcopal
- church this evening at 9 o'clock. The
contracting parties were Miss Madge Tut
tle, daughter of ex-District Attorney F.
P. Tuttle, and Frank Fitch, son of ths
late Judge Fitch. The ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. John T. Shurtleff, as-
Fisted by Bishop Moreland, in the pres
ence of 200 people. The groom is a tele
prapli operator for the railroad company
and the young couple immediately left
for his station at Cape Horn.
Wedded in a Mountain Town.
New Charter Is Not Adopted Because
of Insufficient Showing :
at Polls.
SANTA RCSA, April 3.— The proposed
new charter failed to carry at yesterday's
; -xiWEnlcJpaJ €9ectl3fi;T More People voted for
it than «gainst it, but the document was
J)ot supported by the required majority
cf all the voters appearing at the polls
many failing to vote either for or against!
The Democrats pecured ten offk-es out
of the sixteen filled. M. J. Bower, Dem
ocratic nominee for Mayor, was elected
by a majority of 296 over C E. Haven,
the Republican nominee.
SAJffTA ROSA'S MAYOR
ELECTED BY DEMOCRATS
Quit the Amalgamated Mines
Violated * £.
BUTTE. Mont*; April 3:— Aij adjustment,
of the trouble, whfefeby'twenty-seveir
striking hoisting. engineers of the Amal
gamated mines caused the suspension of
nine mining ¦ properties- and threw about
4000 men out -of' employment Is believed to
have been reached. The Engineers' Unlon v
which disapproved . ol the action of the.
hoisting, engiaeers in walking out and
violating < an agreement with the com
pany, has agreed to furnish new men to
take the places of the strikers. Amalga
mated of-U-Ials -declare that within ten
days at most all' mills at. the. Anaconda,
St. Lawrence And Mountain Consolidated
mines will be in full operation. As fast
as the new men are found competent
work will be commenced. It is expected
that the Parrott will be running within
two days, as three engineers will be at
the hoist in the morning. The effect of
the shut-down of the mines has been very
apparent on the Butte. Ahacor.da ,and Pa
cific Railroad to-day. There were but
three men working in the chops and prac
tically no switching was done,. all of the
ore trains being laid off. Some two hun
dred railroad employes are affected by
the strike. It is believed that the Washoe
smelters in Anaconda will be compelled
to shut down fcr the want cf ore. The
plant "Is .running Usht and- the amount of
ore In the bins is limited. - -
Little sympathy is expressed *or tha
striking engineers in the laboring circles
of Anaconda. . , .
Claim That Hoisting Engineers Who
ANACONDA LABOR; UNIONS ¦¦ .
DISAPPROVE^ OP. STRIKE
benefit of the Woman's Alliance,
: will be the presence <sf -Marion Clark, the
oldest and best known ilddler on the Coast.
He willplay for the'dances in the familiar
linen "duster" and wide-brimmed hat of
the' country musician, and many who have
pot danced- fOF; yvear^ are? nticipatng wi^h
pleasure -Ihe opportunity- of-one'e' mbre'gq
ing through the roilicking figures of "Pop,
Goes the Weasel;" "Cheat" and "Money
Musk," sung and called as only Mr. Clark
can do it. In early pioneer days such men
as' James G. Fair, John Mackay and
James G. Flood tripped through the mazes
of the dance, while Marion Clark, the then
noted musician, played.
The Briggs residence, at 663 Eleventn
street, where the family of B. B. Clawscn
now resides, will be the scene of the
quaint entertainment to-morrow eveniner.
OAKLAND, April 3.— A. unique and
interesting feature, of the old
fashioned parts', which will be
given to-morow evening for tha
seven,
Frllay eve, April fourth, on the street called
eleven.
At the mansJcn of Brlsrgs, number six sixty
three, ' ¦
And to the good time we promise all will
acree. . r
The day and the hour will be near half-past
and daughter, . . •¦
Have -cards, cupper and dancing, all for a
quarter. . ¦:¦¦ ' •. •: -- r. •/.. '; . .
The Arltansaw Traveler, with fiddle sa. old, -
In the height of his glory ,wjll. be there, I'm
- t-ild; ' 1' v "¦ ' " - •
He will call off the figrures- In tones loud and
. ..clear, ,, ....-,.¦
Virginia reels, lancers and cotillons .-'w-VNarr
¦»*•?' i -: r> ; "•<¦;.• !K •:-¦&?: -:''s r v ¦¦;:;,;• /^•j^.-iVjii'
Don't wear your. best, trowns. . come,; In cotton
array; ¦ ¦ ........ ..,
For p. prize will be offered for the simplest
display.
In dress, for pentlemen brave or lady so fair;
Silk, satins or broadcloth will be below par.
and judging from the interest being mani
fested, a large crowd .will be in . attend
ance. The ladies of the alliance are noted
for the excellence of their luncheons and
dinners and the old-fashioned feast prom
ised for to-morrow night will no doubt be
a tempting one. ; . . •
The invitations to the "party'V are
f>rinted on brown paper and read as fol
ows: .' ¦ . . •' -
Please ccme to our old-fashioned country party ;
We'll have eandwlches. yle and other things
hearty; . ' ¦'• • ¦' ' ¦ : - ¦ ¦•'
Bring your sweethearts and wives or mother
. brothera and me considerable money to have the
remains forwarded to China, but the first duty
of a" Chinaman's son i» to respect his father,
" ; and wre'wllVdoU; **"¦«¦; ;:'. '%¦"",';¦¦
, /'Ah -You's children are* thorough Amerl
''cans..: They *were ieducatetf. In the local
! public schools. Two of them.J. M. Pun
r andu\.h;Tuck, arcsvoters. * They are ex-
. -pert- baseball players.. and billiardists.
(DavMhdAh Movr, the; younger sons, are
•'¦ still iitteridlng school.' .AhlTuck is a base
?> ball Vpitcher of considerable merit, and as
• an- oarsman has captured many races on
i the. .estuary. He-of ten ~t*atned with the
•members of the racing cre.w.s of the Ala
meda-Boa'ting Club and at one time was
a candfdate for a? pra'cfen'on the senior
four-oared^bargecrew. -v ' s
I WIRELESS-. TELEGRAPHY
t S;-< ; TO CATAilNA ISLAND
General New, Formerly of -the Army,
:^..-., ..Arrives to -Supervise the
•.^V;-' f -;. - t^^ o 5 <ec Pl\ /
KJJOS- ANGELES, ¦^Ap'rlF v .3L— General Al
¦ b'crt : L. New. formerly attached to the
Signal Corps of the United State3 army,
is due here to-morrow, the object of his
visit being to supervise the installation of
the first wireless telegraph plant In the
West. General Andrew W. Barrett, who
is associated with General New, will ac
cempany the latter to Los Angeles. " ' '
) • The companj-'s ilrst stations will be lo
cated in Los Angeles and on Catallna Isl
and. The inventors of the system to bo
installed here are Professor Dolbear of
Boston and .Professors Popoff, Collins
and Shoemaker, all attached to prominent
Eastern universities. The new enterprise
Is to establish stations along the entire
Pacific Coast. | The machinery necessary
for the Los An^eles-Catallna stations will
be manufactured in Denver and some of
i it has arrived here,
¦Mrs- Aldrich, : Wh6«e; Husband Was
v - Dismissed'F-roin the Army,, . '^.
"'" l K Begitts"Suit; '¦'
TSACRAMENTO: jrA'prir";3.— A suit: was
brbtfght In the "Superior^Court ¦ of , this
county to-day by SonoraE. Aldrich for
divorce from her, husband. James A. Aid
rich, | tbie wife alleging gross . cruelty and
Infidelity on the part of the husband.
Aldrich. .who is a nephew of Major Gen
eral W. R. Shatter, retired., was until rer
"cently -a^lieutenant in :tbe company, of
scouts in the Philippines. A dispatch from
Washington Monday announced that Aid
rich would have to suffer dismissal from
the army because of irregularities in his
company's clothing . fund and bis misap
propriation of subsistence money. Ac
cording to -the statement, a^ court-martial
triedV him on .the charge, of. conduct un
becoming an officer and gentleman "and
found him guilty. His sentence was dis
honorable discharge = from the army. It
.is reported '-.to ;have ¦ been approved .by
President Roosevelt. The destitute con
dition of Mrs. Aldrich and her interesting
• family has excited much sympathy in Sac
ramento. "" _ •".- . . .'-. ••;-;¦ v-~- ': ••
VALLEYv ASSOCIATION : ; .
.MAY DECLINE TO- MERGE I
"Delegates FTcm tho Woman's Clubs
of Central California Gather at
Fresno.
-FRESNO/. April 3.— Delegates from ¦ all •
'over' Central -California - arrived : in .this ;
city to-day.' to attend the annual meeting
of ; the San Joaauin , Valley Federation of
"Women's Clubs. 'Theimeetlngs are being
held in" A. O. U. W. Hall. 1 The first meet
ings was of the presidents of the. various
clubs. ;.:The proceedings of this session are
for;the present kept secret. At the close
of this meeting; the delegates repaired to
tho banquet-room, where luncheon was
.served, i The first business meeting of the
federation was held at; 2 "o'clock;-- and this*
'evening : a' reception-' to^ the visiting -6616
gates is inprogress. ¦ . . " - ' ¦ '->
, Whether- the valley association will
merge with the -States Federation will be
decided at this convention. The sentiment
seems to be against it.
, .He- came to California fifty years ago.. He
Unfitted In early days "and V worked as a cook.
.forty-six years agrci he cr.me to Alameda ana
ys lived here slncr; j For -.a Ions time he was j
employed In the ¦: family <.pt~ John Gunn. My'
•.father was different frpn>. pther . Chinamen, m.
• set. tar as he believed .In; American doctors. The
.Chinese doctor-Drieist.- came to-day and said
,lhat -if father had- been*. In China his life
oouldihave been sated. . ;• I do ¦ not believe this, •
1 &s nejwas suffering from dropsy and we did all
¦'that* we could to •ald > . hlm.-"^. ; We .will not be'
allowed by the Chlnep?: priest-, to so out of the
' htfue* until after tha.Bo^y; is taken from. here.
,: '.We ':¦*•»! • alaq : be required I to wear mourning
'¦¦ )hside our >"Sets for" 100 "days.- My father-was
: 'AmerIcan. i lriVncarly5everj i thlng, but he wanted
- JL«£ be '. burled In.^- China.-;' It > will cost my
*'Zl*m •••••• • » v . '.'.«•• .-. .......
•ASKS FOR DIVORCE^ ;:^:
*£ : FROM | FORMER OFFICER
., v * - died to-day „ at ,.his .home on
Blandirig- avenue, near- Chestnut street,
'aged 66 years.^. For fifty years he lived
! the life of an American, but- his last wish
;-wa§ 'that h|s body be ,sent to his native
town in the- province, of Canton, China,
'and /there buried in sacred ground beside
the 'bones' of his ancestors. ; The wish of
'the deceased will be faithfully carried-out
by the wife and four sons. '•' •¦¦¦•'. ' "
.During his last illness Ah" You was' at
tended, by Dr. C..H. Lubbock. After the
''patient- had -parsed away a" Chinese doc
i tor-priest *was called In, and he has taken
•charge of the; funeral 'arrangements, y
Because of the J prominence <-dt the ! de
ceased .the services' will be a. combination
,.o)t' American, and Chinese/, rites.-" The re-
Jmains ¦are'*tO'ber embalmed
state- in- a casket. ¦ To-mdf row the You
home will be open to. the visit of Cauca
sian friends and sympathizers. After ser
vices at the house, the body will be taken
to I a local undertaking parlor, there • to
await the departure of the nrst steamer
for China. The body will be followed to
the dock by members of the family of the
deceased, who will all be attired in' the
white i Chinese conventional clothes ' of
mourning.
- Pun. the eldest son, in speaking of his
father, said: ..-
« • '. LAMEDA, April 3.— Ah You, a Chl-
J\ nese pioneer, for forty-six year3
JLl\ : a resident of this city and well
AVjJW V.knownto all early settlers here,
Management of the Rock Island
Railroad Has a Big 1 Project
. -.t Under - Consideration,
r CHICAGO. April 3.— The Record-Herald
to-morrow^ will say; Two projects? are
now. credited to the Rock Island man
agement which will change materially the
railroad map of the West and Southwest
and bring in new and possible disturbing
conditions,, One. is the building of a line
from Fort Worth . to .Galveston and } the
other is the purchase of the Colorado and
Southern with a view of extending the
Clear Creek branch of the line aerosa the
range through Middle Park and Routt
counties^ Colorado, thereby establishing
an air line from Denver to Salt Lake City.
/ Officials of the company to-day admitted
that, surveys for such a Galveston line
were being made. It is said that If built
the new line will pass ' through Dallas.
Tex., and thence will be an air line to
I Galveston. :<• \ :'-\,i ii lr
WILL BUILD LINE TROTS.
FORT WORTH TO GALVESTON
NIAGARA FALLS, N. Y., April 3.—
Delia Tansey of Buffalo went over the
American Falls this evening. The woman
jumped over the railing of Goat Island
bridge about- ten feet from shore. Wil
liam Connors of Liverpool, England, who
was on the bridge at the time, ran down
the sho/e and waded into the river. A
rake was passed to him,* which he suc
ceeded in fastening In her clothes. Miss
Tansey begged piteously to be saved.
Connors tried to draw the woman toward
the shore, but her clothing tore and she
was carried over the brink. of the falls.
Two hundred people saw the woman go to
her death. -
the Horror.
Pailure of an Attempt to Save Her,
and Iff any People Witness
"WOMAN IS CABBIED
TO DEATH IN NIAGARA
RENO, New, April S.— The last dispute
between the San Pedro road and the Ore
gon Short Line over" a' right of way
through Nevada has been settled. The
field work-of the joint sHrvey has been
agreed upon throughout. All that now
remains Is for. the engineering depart
ments of both roads to complete their
maps. . These must be . approved by the
boards of directors, and then the legal
department* must go 'to court and secure
an order flnaity determining the right of
way W each road. It is believed that
this can be accomplished by May, 1, and
then the construction work will proceed.
Assistant Chief Engineer H. M. Mc-
Cartney of the San Pedro and "Resident
Engineer William Ashton of the Short
Line held a conference, at which they
went over the sole remaining point In dis
pute and agreed on a solution. At one
location, not far from Moapa, Utah, the
roads skirt the foothills. The Short Line
has the more desirable line, well up on
the side, leaving the San Pedro some dif
ficult and expensive work. This was ob
jected to. Chief Engineer J. B. Eerry and
Ashton finally agreed in behalf of the
Short Line that a middle route should be
selected, both roads sharing in the, ex
pense and building practically a double
track alone this section, of road.
The joint survey agreed upon " covers
oyery part of the country .where a con
flict of interests from an engineering
standpoint is possible. It extends from
Pioche, New, to Calientes, thence in a
southwesterly and southerly direction
through tiie Meadows Valley wash and
\egas Valley. Bird Springs Pass, be
yond \ egas Valley, was also surveyed
for each road. The distance covered is 115
rniles. The country at both ends of the
joint survey is open and both roads will
oe free to select their routes without any
prospect of a conflict.- There is a crossing
near Bolter Summit, but this is not a
prace, so there is scant prospect of any
further dispute between the two roads as
to the right of way.
Special Dispatch to The 'Call.
ADMIRAL EVANS
LAUDS FUNSTON
Kuehnrich says that it is a family af
fair and that he will be able without any
trouble to . clear, himself .of ' the charges
that- are. made against him..-; ! ¦ ¦ .
The matter of "the- expense account > is
also made the basis -for. a separate charge
against the- president, and he is said to
have spent, in the last three "years the
sum of $16,000 for which he has turned
in no vouchers: whatever, and "that he
makes no explanation of the expenditure
except that-lt was for "expense incurred
in getting trade.".* •
The fourth specification charges ( him
with having demanded and received a
commission on all. the machinery that he
purchased for the. brewery,- and the fur-'
ther statement is made that he borrowed
from a malt company $5000, and in return
agreed : to ' buy the malt of the - United'
States Brewery from this company, who
took his. personal note for the $5000 until
the amount of purchases at the 'figures
agreed upon should "reach a certain sum.
and the malt company had received back
its $5000. : ¦•¦'¦¦.¦'; • ¦¦¦¦'¦. ¦¦¦-.¦ :¦.¦-.;:;.¦-¦....-:,
It is charged that-Kuehnrich sold the
1 per cent stock and- drew.for: himself a
certificate for a corre$ponding amount of
paid up stock, pocketing* the difference
as a dividend, and Hhe sales of ten shares
to Christian Ganahl for $108 a share.-E.
Mantel seven shares at $107 a share and
W. : Benz fifty shares at 5103, and "to; his
friend, Theodore Nau, seventeen shares at
$106 a share are cited to prove the charge
under this head. ';!- *• ' ¦¦¦¦ :: . "
In this- demand,. the .-stockholders ask
that \ "suits .at . once, be *: brought against
the president, 1 Max Kuehnrich, to recover
from him large sums of money, alleged to
be illeeally taken and ; withheld \by him,
belonging, to the; company, to cancel- and
annul/issues; of stock made; to hlm'und
held In his name, and to remove him; from
his positions .as president and director i of
the i Los Angeles j Brewing Company, "for
each and every: one of six., reasons." .\ •
An expert was*putto work onthe.bopk§>
at the brewery and\the dicoverjes thatj tH}!
made are ¦ alleged to • be so startling that;
he has asked. ¦-' .that"' "the ¦ stockholders ap^' )
point a second:man to go through V the 1
books and verify : ; the^'results of -the, first ¦
examination. "'Charles 'Baskervllle was ac
cordingly put-to work on the books, and
it was .on his 'report to the stockholders
that a demand '.was j drawn up ; and pre
sented to the president and board, of di
rectors, of ..the company. -. ,
Special : Dispatch to-The Call.
LOS ANGELES/Aprji-i.^A, number of
stockholders -of the Los Angeles Brewery
aro free with* charges of bad management
and dishonesty ;on ;the part of President
Max Kuehnricli 'arid.ithey •;demand. Vhis
prosecution and' expulsion ¦ f rom office.^- ;-
There Is crooked work somewhere. It seems
to ra« as though the Sheriff's force In Wichita
is guilty of criminal neglect. If nothing else.
Several days ago I was informed that Dunn
wan a desperate character and was In all
probability only shamming sickness in th« ,
"Wichita Hospital. I Immediately ¦ ordered
Sheriff Simmons to place a strong guard In
the hospital and not let Dunn have any chance
of escape. Why this was not done, I propose
to find out. If .the officers were guilty of neg
lect of duty In the matter or aided in the es
cape they- will, have to suffer the penalty.
. Day before yesterday a prominent lawyer of
Southern Kansas, one noted In State politics,
cam* to my chief detective. Mr. Sutton. and
proposed | to ' Kim " that , If . .when he go t the re
ward for J. P. Dunn he- would ylve certain par
ties in this city $1COO. all hindrances to the
transfer of Dunn to the Arkansas authorities
would b« removed. My detective refusing, the
proposition was made to me. I I will place this
matter In full before the Attorney General to
morrow as well as other things tending to show
'rottenness In .the matter.. I have reason to
know that the envoy, represented, a prominent
official here.. .... ; - '¦
TOPEKA, Kans., April 3.— Governor
Stanley and Attorney General Godard
went to Wichita to-night to investigates
the escape of Dunn. Some interesting de
velopments are expected, as the State of
ficers are of the opinion that the Wichita
authorities had something to do with the
escape. Governor Stanley said to-night:
Chlqf Burt said to-night:
. Dunn -asked the house physician Tues
day night to name hi*; price for allowing
him to escape, saying that he had bribed
the guards and that he alone stood be
tween him and liberty. ¦¦', Physician Clarke
refused.- It is thought 1 that a friend of
Dunn's grot 4nto the hospital in the gulso
of a patient and facilitated his escape late
in the night. Every door In the hous*
was locked this morning. . The police
force and Sheriff's force are charging
each other with planning the escape of
Eunn. Mayor McLean has telephoned
Governor ; Stanley and Attorney General
Gobard to come to- Wichita to Investigate
the matter. .
WICHITA. Kans.. April 3.— John H.
Dunn, charged with the murder of a
sheriff and the robbing' of a bank at
ClarksvIIle, Ark., and who has been an
Inmate of a hospital here, suffering from
wounds, escaped" last night.
Bad Management and t Dis
honesty Aniong the*
• All flcrat ions
XXlXug Cv \> 1 \J LX o#
Agreement Is Reached on the
Question of Right of
Kansas Officials' Are Sus
pected of Having Aided
the Prisoner. •
Los Angeles r People Ac
xuse a "Brewery
: ¦ President. :
Bank Robber Quietly
;^T Disappears:
Wounded Murderer and
Disputes of San Pedro
and Oregon Short
Line End.
STOCKHOLDERS
MAKE CHARGES
RAILROAD MEN
INSURE PEACE
MAKES ESCAPE
FROM HOSPITAL
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,. FKID A Y^> APRIL 4, 1902.
Marion Clark; Minstrel of California's
)Days, Play at Old-Fashioned
'Party for Benefit of Woman's Alliance
ARGONAUTS' FAVORITE FIDDLER
TO REVIVE MERRY OLD TUNES
M ;Y6ii, Who Came to California in the Early
>Days, Dies at His Home in Alameda, Where
. He Had v Lived for Nearly v a Half-Century
CHINESE PIONEER PASSES AWAY
MOURNED BY ALL WHO KNEW HIM
9
\ t ( ADVERTISEIVrRTTTa.
Food is to be used
with fresh milk. Any
other form of millers
unfit for infant feed-
Our book, " AfelJin's Food Babies? tells
about Mellin's Food. Will be sent free.
MelIIn'4 Food Co., Boston, Mass.
i-
Km a HgDMttae is on ererjr box of the gennlna
r Laxative Bromo^QuinineT»bi!Bt»
\I» j remedy tha. cturea a wJd la one daj,THE OALIu'SRAOINa FOK-kvOHAK-T
OAKLAND LRA_CE_TBACE: r T2iursday. A Pr»J--Wea^ther_ fine. _ Track fast.
3530. FIRST RACE— ltjj miles; selling; 3-ycar-olds and up; to first, $325. '
.'I ' . '"¦¦ - ¦¦-.¦ V ¦'•¦-' •.- :^ • .. > ~~~~~~~~~~^~* - Betting.
Index [Horse. Age. "Weight. St. Vt. %. Str. -Fin. Owner and . Jockey. : Op. Cl.
£520 | Lento, 3 ..100 7 8. 8 31. 11 Neil & Blazer... L. Daly 5 7
3117 Ulm. 5 107 5 .55 5 2 ' 1 Vj '¦¦ 2n ! Holcomb & Smlth.Troxlr 5-2 7-2
3514 Tufts. 3 101 6 7 4 6n 4 2 , 3 1 C. , W.. Chappell: .Stuart 11-5 3-2
3514 Matilda O. 4. .....96 4 In 11.21 41 , H. C.Ahlers.... Jackson .15 . 20
3527 Morinel. a'. 105 ,2 6 17 h' 5 1 «:5 1 • M. Storn ,. .. .iWinslette 3 11-2
3527 Gold Baron. 6 107 1 4 3 4h 61 0 10 H. L. Haskell.. . .: .Bell 20-100
3475 Elmer L. 4. .....101 3, 3h .". 1 ; 7 3 '-. 7 3 • Klunder & Burns. Ransch ,8 8
350C Whaleback. 6 ...112 8 21 2n 8 8 ¦-! O. F. Johnson.'. Frawley '30 40
Time— U. :25; %. :49&; »i.-l:lCH: m,-l:43; l%m. 1:56.' Good start. "Won first three driv- •
ing. Winner, Neil & Blazer's ch. c. by Diura Major- Bravura. "Lento apparently sulks ths :
first part but finishes gamely. Tufts bumped into Whaleback at the start, losing ground.
Tec far for Matilda O. Morinel messed about. - . - ¦' . ¦
:tP40. SECbND RACE— Six furlongs ; - selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
I • I • • i . -. .. . . Betting.
Index JHorse. Age, Weight. (St. %. \ %. Str. Kin. - Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(34CS) Royal Rogue, 3. .1071 4 2n 2 2 11.; 1 %, ' J." C. Nealon.. /.Ransch -2 4
3445 Golden Light. 4. .113 7 .64,654122 R T. Dpefner. . . iConley 20 60
(3511) L. of Langdon, 3.105 3 12 12 2 1 3 1 C Lind... .....Jackson -6 5
351D Milas, 3 ...110 153 41 3.% '41 Jennings & Co. .L.- Daly «-5 1
3525 Narra G, 4 ......116 6 31 3 5 Vj 5 3 . Miss . C. Gibson. . Howson .4 5
3527 Marineuse, 4'. ...113 5 4 % 5 1 6 1 6 4 J. Conway ....Hoar 20 30
34CS Chandoo. 3 ......112 2 7 15 7 20 7 10-725 T.H. Stevens.. *.;Howell 10 100
3517 The Hoodoo, 4... Ill S . 8 - ¦' 8 '- " 8 _ ¦ 8 T. H. Ryan ....Vlckery 10 60
Time — V*. :23»4 ; Vi. :48%: %, 1:14%. i Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner J. C.
: Nealon's ch. g. by Rey del Sierras-Jessie R.- With clear sailing Golden Light could have
won. Lass of Langdon tried to run out all a round ' the far turn.'. '.Milas was cut '¦ off on
back stretch. Narra G not overburdened > with speed, i Marineuse cut : off on stretch . turn.
Scratched— Montana Peeress 105, Dawson 1»7, The Weaver 110, ; Rubino 107.
3541. THIRD RACE— Five furicngs; selling; three-year-old fllHes; to first, $325. '
Index (Horse and Weight. St. W-~ ,*%:' Str. Flnr Owner and 'Jockey. ' Op.- Cl.
3272 Divina .: 1...112 8 4 4 : 5 1, S 1" -! 1 U, El PImero : Stable.McCar - 8 -/ 4'
3497 Ishtar .......... .117 4 6 2 2n 1% 2 2 A' Josephs .. Conley 5-2-4
3523' Rose-war -....:. "..'.112 2 2h, 31 ;2h 3 1'.' Burns & Watrhs. Ransch 4 '3
(."061) Flo Culver ......117 5 5 2 6 % 5 2 4% W. L. Stanfleld..Jackson .0-5-11-5
3158 Torso Maid .....112 3 1 2 1 2 4^51 J Weber ......Troxler • 7 . 7
3262 Nonle .......117 6 3 h 4.'^ 6 2 6 2- ' M.Kane- ..Romero 8 • 30
3497 Swiftlight .......112 7 8 8 7 4-75 E. M. James... Frawley 10 150
3520 Pirate Maid .... .112 1,72 -718 8 C. ' W. Chappell. ..Stuart ¦ ¦ 12 100
34S(i Mildred Schultz.. ,112| * ...' ... ... ... H. 1 1. Wilson.. ..Vittatoe -8 30
X'me — %, :24; %. :49;1%, 1:02. Fair start. Won \ first three driving. Winner. 'El Prlmero
Stable's br. f. by Bassetlaw-Angellque. Divina came from behind after going ' around \ her '
field. Ishtar would • have won ¦ but for . being i badly ¦ cut off once. Roserwar outrun. Flo ¦
Culver lacked speed. Torso Maid quit. Scratched — Cathello 117, ; Jennie i Hughes 117,
Satchel 117. 'Left. .• ..; _.-¦?¦.'. 2'^'-;-'V^";- '?"'-"> l"'"*v'. r -V f-.-'i" ¦
3542. FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs ; Buena Vista Handicap; three-year-olds; to first, $400." '
¦ ¦ ' ¦• ' ' I "' - ¦'.•¦ ; ¦- ' ~ r ~- ~~ ¦ ' Betting. '
| Index Horse Rnd Weight. St. %. %. Etr. Fin.'- Owner 'ancT Jockey. - Op. Cl.
3518 Escalante .......110 1 -81 ' 2 h 3 2 In Baldwin & Co.. Bozeman 6-2 5-2
(SMI) Sister Jeanie... ;. 112 3 2 n 3 5 ,' 2 n 2 1% Jennings & Co...L.I>aly 7-10 4-5
3536 Bragg 107 4 5 5 45 3h Curl. & Co. .Ransch 8 10
S518 Glendenning ....: 110 2 14 12 1 1% 4 5 Montapa Stable. .Jackson 6 10
(3KJ7) Botany :. ...110 43 4 5 5 1 5 E.E. Edwards ..Troxler 4 " 7
Time— 34, :23?i; %. :48U; 94. 1:14^4. i Good start.'. Won first three driving. . Winner. E.'
J. Baldwin & Co.'s ch. c. by Amigo-Colonias. . Bozeman- rode an. excellent race on winner.
Slster_J_eanle w^nt_^he Jojijrest j-ou_te^.^ glendenning f_qult. «•"-.'•:¦: ¦ ' ' .
3543. FIFTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; selling; three-year-oldg and up; to first. $325. -:¦>¦
Index Hone, Age, Weight St. , %.' %. Str. Fin." Owner and Jockey. Op: Cl. '
3526 Plan, a. ....... ...102 1 2 21 1 11 2 11 J. Conway. ........Hoar *~~3
3526 Marshal Neil. 4. .113 5 4 6 3 h 2 1 2 h R. A. Smith .Troxler 6 ».'•
(35.J2) El Mido, ii 112,4 6 .6 ,4 IV 3 5 J. h S.: Campbell. ..Ransch 0 11-2
2774 Anthracite, 5 108 2 12; 2 1 3h 46 A. G.". Blakely. . . JacKson 6-5 3-2
3M2 Free Lance, a.... 117 3 53 5 1 6 . 5 15 Buff'ton & McAtee-.Boze 10 :" 60
3518 Royalty, 3........ 90 6 3h 4 10 5 2 6 " W. B. Sink Jr. . ,L. Daly • ¦ 7 15
Time— 'i. :24»4: %. :«%: %.-l:15%: mile, 1-A2K; • l%m, ; 1:55. Good ' start. Won first
three driving. Winner. J.\ Conway' s ch. g. by Prestonpans- Katie Fletcher^ Plan was best.
. Anthracite began stopping before half the route was covered. Free Lance, did 'poorly. Roy
alty Eore. '..¦•- ... ¦ ¦ .¦, • " •.;¦,- ¦ '•'"••. ; •: "";¦,'•¦.¦-"*:¦.:¦ ' .. ... ; .- ,-.
3544. SIXTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs; seUlng;three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
I ~ I - "-'¦¦¦¦.."-" "••¦'.;¦ ~~ ¦'¦ . •„"¦ ., ; '- .:¦ :\ I BetUng. '
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. %.' %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. - Cl.
3498 John Peters, 3. ...102 4 14 14: 15 15 J.F. Schorr... ..Ransch 7-2 T>"
3525 Sir Hampton, 5... 109 2 41 3n24.25 George Miller. .... .Hoar '6-5 6-5
3459 Kickumbot, 5....107 3 3 1 4 5 4 1 3 5 G.B.s Morris. ....Jackson 10 ',20
(349S) Colonial. Girl, 3... 09 1 72 71. 51 42 W. M. Rogers.. Goodyear 5-2 ,. 'A '
3509 Bagdad, 5; 107 6. 6 1 .82 162 5 2 H. L^Haskell... . :. .Bell -100 150
3526 San Venarto, a... .111, 7 2^2131 61 T.T.i Rector.. ....Conley 10 25
3508 Huachucti, 3 100 9 .0 : 9 "•- 8 10 7 2 G. W. Baldwin.. L. Daly 5 ' 5
3472 Parsifal, 4 106 8 8 5 8 2 V 7 1 '8 4 J. D. Fitzgerald. ....See "15 25
.... Rey Hooker. 6.... 107 5 516^0 9. - T. E. Latta. .Fauntleroy 20 200
Time — Vi. :23%.; %.:48; %. 1:13%:' 6%f,'l:20.'.' Good start. .Won ridden out. * Second and
third driving. Winner. J. F. Schorr's ch.c. by Lord Esterllng-Tarpela II. Peters made a ¦¦•'
runaway race of it. Colonial Girl badly messed about. San.Venado had early speed.- Hua- ¦
chuca appears to have gone back. Parsifal no speed. . Scratched — The Singer 107, • Fridolin -
97,' Bernota 104.. '• ¦ ¦ ¦-, ¦..-... ...
•¦Senator -.Teljer : always iweeps \ while .'de
;llvering,a , ; speech, in ithe' Senate' he deemt
1 unusually effective.
California Optical Co. will formally open
their new store at 205 Kearny.street' Sat
urday evening, April 5. ; You are cordlallv
icvlUdi - . . »•¦
;-; PHILADELPHIA' -vApr 11 :. 3:;— Tommy'
Hernketh.'Vknown ,'iri'! pugilistic ; circles^ as
l''Tomray, tl White,'.'i; who ? was , knocked . un
conscious •on; Saturday, 'March's 29, in a
boutiWith Tommy Markey at the Knicker
bocker fAthletlc; Club.* died this 'afternoon*
at the i Presbyterian Hospital. ' -
Boxsfj Tommy -White I>ies.
Selections f or To-Day.
; . ; ; First Racef-Winnecook, i El . Filar. ; St. Rica.
..'-:. Second <¦< Race-— Sol. '.. Expedient, -s Morengo. .
: -.Third s Rac&^-Flourish?,Ada N.\ Rey Dare. :,;t " •
,'s Fourthf Race^Prihcess KTitanla,"i.The ' Pride,
Frank^Bell. : ' :' ':¦ ¦ ¦;¦ :¦ >, t > : ' ,. . ';,.', ' : ' 1
Z" Fifth ;' Race— Silver .Fizz, -Varra, School for
> ¦» Sixth '¦ Race— Saul \ of Tarsus, - Moablna," Van-
. LONDON. April 3.— Foxhall ; Keene, the
American sportsman, rode In the races at
Croxton Park 'to-day. - He was ' unplaced
In the nrst and last races. Mr. Keene,fin
ished third in the Granby handicap on R.
Deplldge's ! Mllano.* iVtOfgt
Foxhall Keene on the_ Trackl
Supervisors' -Police Committee
granted a permit yesterday, for ' a\ profes
sional-boxing 'exhibition' in May' to the
San Francisco Athletic Club.
niT,h e ?« etl » l0n ¦' of tne Bay .City Athletic
a ISn \ wf « 1% a ? amat eur exhibition . on
April 9 was denied • because the club has
SciaK ded from ;^ e - Paclflc ' A ™ at 3 i;i ;
«kT!lfi;? I ? ye3 Vall eyClub was - granted k
permit^ for -an amateur exhibition on
April lo. ¦ . ' ¦ ¦ * "? ' . \ . • . ,
Grant ' Boxing Permits.
¦ ;NEW; YORK; : April ; 3.— The National
League baseball: magnates,' in'sessioh here
to-day. ; received ! a '•', telegram • from -\WU C. f
Temple; of ; Pitftsburg, declining UheiposK
tion ¦.' of " president y of i the -. league , on : ac
count' of i. pressure ¦ of privates business. »-¦ N.'
E. - Young ¦ gave • out •: the information that
it had ! been decided to . run : the league 1 this
year without a ¦ president: s The , affairs I in
stead '¦ will ) be 2 managed - byj an ; executive
committee,, composed S of.- James Hart" of
Chicago. , A.'H. Soden of , Boston and ; John
T. Brush of Cincinnati.. ¦'
No President^ f or^ Big v I*eague.
Tif ty-Four ; Have Straight Scores in
the Pigeon . Shooting . Tourna
ment at Kansas City. ;
KANSAS CITY. April, 3.— Of the 143
wing shots who had. not 'missed a bird
when the shooting in the Grand American
handicap stopped yesterday, - eighty-nine
dropped out to-day, leaving': fifty-four
who still. have a straight score. '. As there
are sixty-three moneys to be : divided, It
is certain all of the winners. will not have
a straight score. No one who kills less
than twenty- four birds , will receive any
part of the. purse.. Among- the' straight
scores are.those of R. O.Heikes. Saxton,
Ohio: \V. R. Crosby,. O'Fallon, 111.; Fred
Gilbert. Spirit Lake, Iowa, and J H
Holmes, Chloride, Ariz. Mrs. Lillian
Smith, the California^, missed three birds
to-day. Mrs. S. Johnson of - Minneapolis
lost two birds. - Annie Oakley missed
none; J. A. R. Elliott missed'one.
GUNMEN ABE COMPETING
FOE. THE CHAMPIONSHIP
STANFORD 'UNIVERSIf Y, ¦ ¦April ; 3.—
A 5, to 4 score" tells .the story, of the base
ball game between . the. ; Francisco'
league \ team and the -nine this
afternoon.; It was- anybody's' game', until
the: last- of • theVninth inning,- .whenvan
error byj Crawford,-* thelvarsity 'shortstop;
letiin the winning tally. -There': were two
.men ; downi and ». the ,* college ¦' fans .were
looking for a tenth inning in which to win
the ¦ game, • when , McHale hit 1 a hard, low
ball between. second and third,, which was
fumbled. Leahy, who was -on 'third,
scored. ¦¦¦¦'.: '••.•¦¦. '¦¦¦¦'^'¦.¦' - '¦'¦- >-. ".;¦'• '¦.'-.;•.-.
Uncle's Men Defeat ': Stanford.
Sixth >race, si? -nrlongs — Belle of Mllford
won. v Merry Ho<ir'second. Flo Russell third
Time, 1:17: 2-5. : . ; ,
! Pa^SJfi Tena ' • APr " - 3 — M °ntsomery
_ First race - six furlongs— Leviathan won Ben
Frost second. -Echodale third. Time 1-iek
hi Secopd . race. : selling, .- one mile , and : seventy
yardE— Ecome won. Brewer Schorr second Syn
copated Sandy third. Time, 1:50%^
;— Third race,,. five furlongs— Ed Austin won
Hainault second. ¦ aallantrie third. -Time 7-m'
tlon, tone^ mile— Nobleman *won.' Vulcain sec
ond.-\Vax Taper : third. Time. 1:44M ; , '
4 - - HPiVn r p C n e -;;^ llfnff>V «~P}«»>"«.- short c6ur«e
TrS^lT'Ti^SX 01 *™ 8eCOnd ' Jack "
w^sIc-o ! nd^d^e7ra C ge W ?gi: BUd:
Racing on." Eastern Tracks.
.WASHINGTON, April 3.— Bennings «um
mary: '• > '.'¦•'
First race/ six and a half furlongs— Man o"
"War: won. Princess Otillie second. Lac third
Time. 1:24. '
. 7 Second race, . four and a half furlongs— Allan
won. ;Tocsan Time,- :55 8-5. -Two
I in ii i iT'TiTroT nTiriO J"Tln;iTiii|ffl[%ii)(j|Fnj)imjl]
-= Third ; race, - seven furlongs — Woodtrice ' won
Playlike second. Red - Damsel- third. Time'
1 :31. - ..¦ . . , *¦
> Fourth ¦ race, six : furlongs — Roue won, Nno
tial J second," Shandonfleld . third. Time. 1 :17
.Fifth* race, six: and' a half • furlongs — Caith
ness won, Alpaca second/, Ninonla third. - Time
1 :23 . 3-t>. ¦ - - .'* -" LT^V •" .>-' .'. .
SIX ; sharply 'backed -short priced
ones lingered too | long, yesterday
.by the. wayside at Oakland. ' Many.
.. lamentations . were ; heard arising
i from the camp of the favorite fol
lowers. Among the more . toothsome mor
sels unwrapped during the afternoon, Dl
vina turned out the sweetest. El
Prlmero ; stable's filly was played down
in the betting^on ' the . five-furlong sprint,
third to be decided, f rom , 15 ; and - 20 to 4.
In a hard drive, J. McCarthy, landed ; her
first at. the wire, half la, length : before
Ishtar. Flo . Culver, . the favorite,': dis
played no particular, amount of speed, be
ing beaten for the show by ; Rosewar.* ' "
"Jim" , Neil's colt Lento 'took the open
ing mile and a furlong selling. affair.. The
long price of 8 » to 1 > was laid about ' the
winner. He came from, last position, beat
ing Ulmva length. . The favorite, -Tufts,
after a tiresome voyage, . finished .third. ¦•.;
Milas, . from T the : Jennings ; stable, ; and a
6 to 5 choice -for. the six-furlong selling
run, did?;nof get . a chalk mark.t When
Lass . of ->Langdon gave; up the '.' lead,
- Ransch, on Royal 1 Rogue, picked up . the
running, 1 and with- nothing • in reserve,
downed- Golden' Light, a 50 to 1 shot,'- less
than a, length. -With better.. racing s luck
the outsider could have .won. --•¦/> .
'. There- were five -acceptances: in' 'the
Buena A'ista handicap, at six furlongs : for
' three-year-olds. On < the strength f of . her
recent performancee. Sister. Jeanle, carry
ing 112. pounds, ¦' went to ; the '.post, a 4'to 5
favorite, : with j Escalante ; next in? demand:''
Glendenning set a sizzling hot i pace .' un
til : well ' into the stretch, ¦ when • he ., faded
away.' 'Escalante .and :?thai first 1 " choice
then . locked " horns: ¦ . Bozeman, astride • the
Baldwin colt, ' rode - an ¦ excellently t Judged
race ' and > Sifter .' Jeanie ' lost by, a * neck.
Bragg 'was; third:.. ' : :¦'¦,£ ;¦; ¦;•¦¦"¦-,:< '
Taking her 'Eastern form- to- figureyon,;
the- crowd made AndyiBlakely's'' mare.;
Anthracite, - for ; the : second • mile
and: a .furlong : selling number/- Lee Jack-
Bon got her away.well; but she beganpull
ing back before half the journey had been
traversed, c Johnny.* Hoar/: rushed ¦ Plan" to
the: front., and,; although '.hard pressed by
Marshal * Neil. -: scpred '- by r a : length • at the
wire. Show, honors went>to El. Mido. '
: ; John Peters, at odds i of. 1 6 < to 1, c made la'
runaway, race of, the last event,, a six land
a half furlong-sprint. Under t hard,' 1 urg
ing,- Sir Hampton, the favorite,' ; ran j sec-
J : Sixth i Race— Six ¦ furlongs,- "selling; r
year-olds ; and upward : ¦••¦ .¦.%.;, \° '¦;•-;,¦,;
3132 First; Shot ..113 S503Saul. Tarsus.. .117
34S0 Rose'of ;Hllo..lU 2805 "VVingr.-. ::.-' Ill
"H5S, P andy •••*¦•¦ " 102 3525 King Dellis :..11B
34 . 9 , Katie .Walcottlll 3454 Maresa R . . .-. . 110
. 3515 Ned Dennis. .-.113 f 3532 Quadra V.*. .'..;. 99
:3503 Vantine ...: .'.lll'(3191)Moabina /;;:;.• 0,'
Fifth; Race— Mile. and a sixteenth, 'selling;
three-year-olds „ and '.upward :;,;t -', >:,¦.••.
-3526 Einstein i;.-.:il0
3530 Silver .. Fisz i . . -OS 3526 Gawaine : ;:?. 100
(352 <)S. for Scandal.108 "3525 Goal Runner. .106
v .3531Varro .....: -IM 3520 Lena -.:. .;:.-. 102
:¦ Third .Race— Seven furlongs,' selling; three
year-olds, and 'upward:-; •:•¦ -.' ,
(329fi)Maraschino/.M0n 3525 ' Ada N.X „. ..112
(3450)Duke York. 11.117 3390 Rey Dare' ... .114
'^^^''"f •••••••107 3505-Reina de Cuballr.
3035 Flourish. ....100 (347S)Mallakwa ;..12O
'.oloS E ! - Rey; ' •••'••114 3480 Mike Strauss..ll7
3426 Alturas .....'.in! 3535 Our Lizzie . ..115
J Fourth RaeeVsix , furlongs, 'the.-. Ridgewood
handicap; , three-year-olds , and •, upward :.
s 3507' Sharp Bird ".: 100 351!) Frank ; Bell .:. 108
3519 The Pride ':.-.10S 3507;Byron Rose. ..107
* 3519, Prin.Titanla. 100 3531Hagerdon ;t".M'
¦^Second : Race— Mile , and a sixteenth, selling;
three-year-olds : and : upward : . .
3445 Major Hooker. 100 3532 Elf onse \..V.. 100
! 307G Compass . : . . .' 94 3475 Rasp . . . , o'C
3.100 Expedients. : ..100 3445' Killeen :. . . :.100
f*; J 5??.' So1 *••'• v: •'• -i S1 3M3 La Calma ; . . 08
o431 Sleeping :Chil?l 81 3539 Gold Baron ..1C0
3526 Morengoi.... 100 . ,
o»d,- five lengths before Kickumbob.
Following i are. the. entries for to-day's
events: -'.:-.¦¦: ,¦ ¦}'¦ ;-¦;¦:¦ :.- .-.v.o'o .- ¦ . :*¦•*-' >.
First Race— Six furlongs, selling; three-year
olds and upward : , ; • . ; -,.*, ¦•'¦' ' • ¦ . i > '• ¦¦:
, ..V.-Aunt Mary ..'ill .3485 Lief Prince ..113
34G< Clarando ....111 2030 Macr!ecknoe..ll3
.3533 EK Pilar. .;..1O2! 3191 Wlnnecook . .. 07
r 2633: Resin . . :'. .. ..103: 3530 St. Rica f. .. .110
2.94 Beau<Monde...llS ;352!) Sir Clause: ...On
3060 Lou eiieveden.lll. 3413 'Lomond '..... 11C
A match between boxers Britt and
Parker seems an assured fact. The Den
ver boxer is anxious to meet , the Cali
fornian and the latter has expressed his
willingness to make the match. It should
be an easy matter for one of the clubs in
this city to bring them together.
Parker has proved his ability as a boxer
and the manner in which Britt put Heg
arty away speaks volumes for his hitting
ability. There is every, reason to believe
the • two lightweights • would draw a big
house. This condition win prevail until
Britt meets his master or reaches the goal
of his ambition, the lightweight cham
pionship. NSfemHMM
Britt May Meet Parker Here.
Three Policemen Spend Nearly Two
Hours in Capturing John Muf-
JHfeiM ray, a Lunatic.
There was great excitement on Tele
graph Hill yesterday afternoon, caused
by Policemen Bunner, Edwards and Mc-
Grayan chasing a crazy man for nearly
two hours before they succeeded in cap
turing him. He was John Murray, a
brother of Charles Murray, keeper of a
Bailors' boarding-house, who lives with
hie family at 306 Filbert street.
Murray has been suffering from re
ligious mania, and j-esterday afternoon
he went to his brother's house and raised
such a disturbance that Mrs. Murray had
to flee with her children. The police were
notified and Bunner, Edwards and Mc-
Grayan were 6ent to arrest him. He wa3
found praying on top of an embankment,
and when he eaw the officers he jumped
down, a distance of more, than twentv
feet. McGrayan jumped - after- him and
Bunner and Edwards ran to head him off.
He eluded them for nearly two hours,- be
ing finally run to earth. .He fought des
perately but was overpowered and sent to
the insane ward in the Emergency Hos
pital, v
»+.
Tommy Ryan Defeats Stift.
KANSAS CITY, April 3.— Tommy Ryan
of this city secured the decision . over
Billy Stift of Chicago to-night In a ten
round bout at Turner Hall. Stift was out
classed, being-unable at any stage of the
contest to cope with the Kansas City
BERKELEY, April 3. — The faculty
committee on athletics from the Univer
sity of California has forwarded to Stan
ford the list of eligible men for the inter
collegiate meet for the consideration and
epproval of a like committee from Stan
ford. The list contains seventy-seven
names, five more than Stanford sub
mitted. The following named are the "eli
giblcs," and from them will be selected
those who will represent California
against Stanford:
E. R. Abadie, W. B. Albtrtson. G. J. An
loff. E. H. Anncar. A. M. Baldwin. L. D.
Bishop. L. B. Brainard. H. H. Braly. C. C.
Brown. J. M. Broyles W. L". Brown A.
Cadogran. J. R. Carter. H. C. Cheek, E. Cning
A. M. Coolly. X. F. Coomb?. J. L. Dobb'.ns,
Iff. X. Eddy. J. Edwards. E Fautz. E. M.
Garrison, J. \V. Geary, J. J. Graves, McC.
Oraydon, E. J. Grindley. R. C. Hackley T. L
Kamlin. P. T. Hannigan, J. H. Hartley O.
F. Hartline, S. Houghton, J. F. Howard. E.
Huysey. F. L. Johnston. N. S. Kelsey, E.
Kruschke.E. Kuster, V. Ugda, \V. Lilly. H.
B. Lyon. J. O. Maclish, W. S. Mason V N.
Mrtcalf. H. H. Minor. H. S. Minor A. H.
Mowbray, E. C. Nathan. O OveraJl C. H
Parker, G. M. Parker. A. Plaw. W. A. Powell
F. H. Redewill. O. H. Robertson. M. Reeves,
E. S. Rust. J. B. Sawyer. R. Schilling R. R.
Service. R. Sibley. C. M. Smilie \V Stalder
H. C. Stanley. II. A. Stout. G. R. Symmes,
J. R. Thomas (dental). H. S. Thompson. S. A
Tlbt-etts, V. R. Town&end. E. Topham (medi
cal). J. \V. -VVallop. F. F. \\>ber J. R. West
dahl. E. A. Weymouth. • J . E. W'ilcox and W
A. E. Woods.
CHASE AFTER CRAZY MAN
ON TELEGRAPH HILL
This is the ultimatum of the champion.
He still insists the Los Angeles offer is
the better, but has come to the conclusion
"Fitz" will not fight on this coast.-:
The Los Angeles Club has $25,000 on de
posit and agrees to forfeit it in case It
is unable to promote the fight. ' 'Under
these conditions Jeffries feels warranted
in securing some sort of a guarantee that
he will be repaid for any expenses he may
be under in training to defend the cham-.
pionship In, the East.
Jeffries is afraid of interference from
the authorities; of South Carolina," while
he is sure there will be none in this State.
¦ If the Charleston Athletic Club will de
posit 510,000 in responsible hands and will
agree to forfeit that amount to the boxers
if it fails to promote the championship,
boxing contest Jeffries will agree to fight
Fitzsimmons under its auspices.
Is Posted.
Will Fight in South
Carolina if Forfeit /
Eligible.
Seventy-Seven Athletes
From California
Jim Green and Joe Qulnn put up a hur
ricane bout. The. Judges gave a decision
in favor of Green. - • •¦
Caesar Attel made a splendid : showing
for three rounds against Joe Angell. An
gell won, but he had a hard time doing so
Pete Carroll dislocated his shoulder a
second time boxing Monte Attel. *.: •
Jack Curley, who met Fred Landers
proved such a~ "dub" Referee Hayes threw
him. out of-; the -ring after two minutes'
fighting. ¦• V , , .
.Louis Powell, a- clever youth, with a
good left, made Jack McDonald look like
a' novice. - - , <
: . Two Olympic Club boxers tasted the bit
terness of defeat"* last night at the box
ing ; exhibition give^n in -Woodward's Pa
vilion under i the I auspices j of the Ariel
Rowing Club: "Billy" Leonard, the club's
champion feather-weight, lost to Paul
Martin and Charles Peterson lost to Ted
Wolffe. The decisions in each case were
close. ' * , ¦
: Martin's ¦ showing against Leonard was
the sensation of the night. Martin played
a tattoo on - the , Olympic boy's > nose. ¦ • In
the first round Leonard had Martin In dis
tress, but after that Martin gave Leon
ard blow for blow. The fighting was fast
throughout. ' .
Ted Wolffe And Charles Peterson fought
like men battling for a championship. In
the first round they mixed things in a way
that put the crowd in an expectanfeondi
tion.: The second round found them pum
mel ing away for. keeps. Wolffe had a
shade the better of it. In the third both
men landed . heavy ' blows. It ? was ; even
when ,the men came up for the last round.
They fought each other to a standstill in
the fourth. Opinion was divided on * the
decision, in favor.' of Wolffe.
Fight— Wolffe Secures the
Decision.
Latter Outpoints Him in a Fast
St. Mary's Nine Defeats : the Repre
sentatives of Santa Clara in • •
a Fast Game. ; ,;
St. Mary's College students crowded the
grandstand and field at Recreation » Park
yesterday with a band of rooters, who pos-"
sessed voices that " could ,'• be : heard ;on ita
ownfeampus in Oakland. These leather
lunged youths created such \ consternation
in the ranks of the Santa Clara College
ballplayers that they allowed " certain vic
tory to change to defeat. St. Mary's won
by a score of 4 to 3. :. ", ; - "¦ -.
It was' a game- full of noise:, St." Mary's
yelling section outnumberediandoutyelled
the Santa Clara aggregation. It. was pn»
marily due" to the noise generated. by the
former that their team won. „ The score:. \
• y£. ST. MARTS. ; s •
¦ •! ¦ AB.R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donergue, 2b 4 10-16-3 ;2
Fiynn, p.. .....:..... ? 0 0:"'--l .1 -1 • 0
Ryan,c... 4 1 1:. 1. 4 11
Porter, r.f. .....;... 3 0' 1.1 1 0 1
Callaghan, c. t...... 3 0 0.70 1 "10
Phelan, 3b.......... 1 0- 0- 1 . 2 , 1. : 1
Haley, s. s. .:..... ..3 0 0 -0. 3- 4 1
Fay, lb. ............. 1, 1 0 3-8 0 .1
Blgley, 1. f.. 1 1 .1 2.1 0 0
Totals ..........24 4 -3 10 '.27; 11 7
santa claras:.^,. ;¦ V. Vl "
AB. R. BH. SB.PO. A." E.
Keefe, p '...... .'5 0" .0,^2.-2 1 0
Farry, 8. s.... : 5i 1 0 0 2 v 1 ' .• 0
AVhalen, lb.. ...... ..4 1 2 : 0 8 ,1 1
Kennedy, c ..4 0 1 0.5.3 0
Galtea, . c- f : 4 •- J . 2. -1 2 0 2
Cutter, r.f..::...'... 4 0 l-l' l.;0/ 0
Merle, 3b. .......:... 3 0 0 0'3 0 0
Strube, 2b.... .....:. 3' 0 0, 2 13 0
Feeny, l.f 1 0. 0.; ,"0 0 1 0
Totals .....'.....33 . 3 I 6 ;-" ; 6 . 24 . 10 3
:. V' RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
St. .Marys. V:.:.:..O .0 0 : 0; 0 :'l '1 > 2 0— 4
Base hits.. ...... 0 0- 0 0 0' 1 »2 0 "•— 3
Santa Claras. .... .2 0 10 0,00.0 -0—3
r : Base hits. .'. . . .. .1 0 3 0 0 '1 0 1 0—6
, SUMMARY.' [
Two-base . hits-^ Porter." • .• Whalen. . Sacrifice
hits — Ryan,' Donergue,- Kennedy,. Cutter. First
base ' on i errors — Santa Claras . 3, >, St. » Marys - 2.
First ¦ base on < called ! balls — Flynn < 2,' Keefe 5.*
Struck out— By Flynn 4, by Keefe 5.". Double
plays— Donergue to Haley. Time of game—
2:00. Umpire-^McConnell.
BOXER LEONARD LOSES
TO CLEVER PAUL MARTIN
"JEFF" ACCEPTS
CONDITIONALLY
more experience he will be able to hold
his own with the fleetest runners.
The band from St. Matthew's School will
enliven proceedings to-morrow during the
games. The spectators from this city will
leave here on the 1 p. m. boat.
he was not. In a position to offer any in
formation on that; pressing subject.
, "Although the property has been bought
and paid for," said Mr. Holland, "It will
be some time before the new management
is complete and the system running under
its practical direction."
Mr. Holland ,would not say whether he
was here to take any permanent part in
the management for the -company.
PROMISING YOUNG SPRINTER
WHO WILL REPRESENT THE
LOWELL HIGH SCHOOL.
REPRESENTATIVE OF SYNDI
CATE THAT "CONTROLS MAR
KET-STREET RAILWAY.
MEN WHO MAY
ENTER GAMES
THE spring field day of tUe Aca
demic Athletic League Trill b*
held to-morrow on the University
of California cinder path, Berkt
- ley.
Uklali. Oakland and Berkeley High
schools will all be represented by strong
teams and are expected to finish in' the
forejr<5InK order. The sensational features
of "Xhe day will be the 330-yard hurdle, the
220-yard dash and the mile run. In the
race over the sticks J. Weller of Ukiah
end Bert-Chaplin of Berkeley will be the
chief contenders.,
W. B. Hasans of Ukiah and Norton
AVilcox of Oakland High School will meas
ure strides in the 220-yard dash; which is
expected to fall to one or the other - of
these crack sprinters.
The mile run Is expected to develop into
a triangular duel between G. W'tller of
Ukiah. W. Lundy of Oakland and A. Mc-
Nicol of Lick SchooL
The dart horse in the sprints will be
George Middleton of Loweil High School.
The crack football player has taken up
sprinting for the first time this year and
is showing splendid form. He is still in
his teens and is built on speed lines. With
COLLEGE BALL TEAMS
MEET ON THE DIAMOND
The need of an all-night service was
discussed, but Mr. Holland admitted that
; : V RTHUR HOLLAND, who is in the ¦
i\ city as the, .representative of
iLj\ Brown Brothers, the bankers,; of
A jjL -New York, through '.whom the
purchase of the Market, "gutter,
Sutro and San Mateo street car systems
was; effected, in discussing :theSPla.ns of_
the ; new -corporation, so far ¦ as the ' em
bryo condition of affairs /allowed, said
yesterday: .
, "I ' am i here for Brown Brothers ,to see
to the- various details arising from the
joining of the various companies under
the control of the new corporation. v The
details | will take some time - to ¦ work out,
and' we must naturally, familiarize our
selves ' with the personnel ; of ; the staff - of
the old company before : coming to any
decision 'as' to any changes. that may be
deemed necessary. ; I can say, however,
that the tendency is to-make very few'
changes in the personnel of the company,
which is now called the United Railroads
of San Francisco. It will be some time,
indeed, .before things get* into complete
working, order, under the new regime, for ¦
there i are many details to ; study before
anything ¦ of a permanent nature can be
determined so far as the details go. The
object of the-new management is. to give
the best I possible service to the city, and
therefore many beneficial changes .will be
made. *It-' will -.take a long while to gain
complete ' knowledge of the conditions and
officials as they now stand." .. • .
' Asked whether ¦ there was a' probability
of the Geary street system "being merged
into the new corporation, ': Mr. • Holland
said that there was no reason to believe "
the system will be taken over by the cor
poration, i "It is the intention of the com-'
pany,'',he said, "to use more electric pow-'
eri in connection with its system, and,
further,. the employment of new cars will'
depend entirely upon the public require
ments." ' ' .
Meat Order.
Members Deny That They Are
'-: in Favor of Prohibitory-
Demonstration : Planned by
the Students Fails to.
;::-3 Materialize.
The human lungs usually contain about
one gallon of air. ¦ ,-.::•:-;;
ST. - PETERSBURG, rApril 3.— The .In-,
tended demonstration' of students planned
for, April 1 Vdid i not materialize. > The * or
ganizers were arrested ¦ ort '•> the" previous
night. .The students', revolutionary move
ment has temporarily ended. -. The malcon
tents have failed to ! prevent the delivery
of the university lectures, though i the at
tendance ¦ in; the ". lecture-rooms > averages
only ¦; half :. a s dozen c . students. The recent
wholesale arrests; and the imposition of
sentences have I greatly, lessened | the pros
pects of: agitations in the immediate fu
ture: ! '- The, agitators at '. the . present i mo
ment ' have no formidable programme be
yond the.May day. workingmen's celebra
tions, but strikes and lockouts, it is anticl-'
pated, will occur; in ¦ the spring ' and sum
mer. The ; sending of ninety-five of the
Moscow rioters to Siberia, with many per
sons from other, cltles.'^has. caused serious
apprehensions.. : Clashes •¦ between rioters
and police still occur and one hears omin
ous - whisperings of '.'next " comes the re
.volver."- :. ..-'-:.¦, •¦¦. ;. V -;.;: • t ¦¦:¦ ' .¦..'¦ ¦••.
Prophets have been predicting a revival
of the reign of terrorism as a result of the
Government's determination to prevent all
political propaganda and * all • proclama
tions. The discontents however, is mani
fested in a peaceful manner.' ¦
Three professors of Kharhoff University
have >been\dlsmlssed' for supposed or ex
pressed symDathy; with the. students. ;
BERLIN, April 3.— The Government has
been placed in a most awkward position
on, the prohibition of »~e import of meats
treated . with boracic acid by a | declara
tion to-day of , the Society for the Protec
tion of the interests of German -Chemical
Industry: that -the Government ' did* not
consult the Imperial Health Council. This
body, ' composed ¦ of , eminent ' specialists
from all parts of Germany, is advisory to
the Imperial Health Omce. The Govern
ment's : statement in the North ' German
Gazette Saturday affirmed that the 'coun
cil was unanimously -for prohibition.' It
now appears, according to the 'chemical
society, that the matter was never,
brought before the, council. ''
*A prominent member of the council In
formed ; the * Imperial Secretary of State
for : th« ' Interior, Count '. v6n Posadowskl-
Wehner, prior, to the publication •¦ of ' the
statement in -the North German | Gazette
that he was' surprised; that so important
a step i had been taken without consult
ing the iv council, which was decidedly
against the prohibition. •
'. The Freissinnige Zeitung to-morrow
will say that it learns that the Count was
in the. highest degree astonished "at .this
Information, since ; he had . been assured
that the Health Council had pronounced
unanimously for prohibition. '.¦ : ¦
Further inquiry . in . ministerial; circles
failed to bring- out any thing: >¦ reconciling
the Government's statement , that the
Health Council supported the prohibition
with the fact that it did not do so.
RESULTS OFTHURSDAY'S RACES ATTHE OAKLAND TRACK
Imperial Health Council
Repudiates Action of :
'Governmenjt/
aryiMdyemeht Taken ;
Into Custody;
Lieaders -of Revolution-
RUSSIAN POLICE
ACT PROMPTLY
PLAGES GERMANY
IN BAD POSITION
HURDLERS AND SPRINTERS MEET
ON THE BERKELEY CINDER PATH
Athletes From the Various High: Schools
in the Academic AtHletic. Leagued Will
Compete To-Morrow I in: Field J. 'Events
HOLLAND WILL SITUATION
FOR STREET-CAR SYNDICATE
Officials Before Making Any Changes.
All-Night SeMce:;StilLa
Gompany to: Become Familiar With Present
iTHE^S&N[ FRANCISCO^-QAiLiLi- FRIDAY; APRIL
10
PAINij'S CELERY COMPOUND.
COMPOUND
Saves Sleepless, Neryous, De-
spondent and Morese Peo-
ple From Insanity.
It is- the Only Effective and
Honest Medicine for the
Banishment of Com-
mon Spring Ail-
ments.
Medical men of the highest standing,
and a host of educated men and women
competent to judge, declare that Paine's
Celery Compound is the only true and er-
fective medicine for the banishment of
the ills that make life miserable in spring-
time. ¦
In the spring: season tens of thousands
are sleepless, fretful, nervous, despondent
and gloomy. They find it impossible to
obtain restful sleep and soon become
physically exhausted; some are already
mere wrecks of humanity. ,
Such sufferers cannot with safety trifle
with their condition. They need imme-
diate succor and aid .before nature is too
severely overtaxed. The weakened, ex-
hausted and irritated system must be for-
tified at once.
Paine's Celery Compound is the only
agent that can afford the run-down,
nervous, sleepless and despondent victims
prompt relief and permanent cure. If you
are assured of this fact, dear reader, do
not hesitate a moment; putting off will
certainly aggravate your condition and
lead you nearer the grave. If you wisely
determine to test the health-buildins
powers of Paine's Celery Compound, do
not accept a substitute or vile imitation.
Tour special case demands the best; you
are payinj? for it and should get it. Ask
your dealer for PAINE'S, refuse all
others.- See that the name is on the bot-
tle and wrapper. . __^
Cown Mnnav bydyeln* your faded garments
OdlC IHUllCJ with Diamond Dyes. 10 cents.
Men'sDiseases
_ o
JS|| TALCOTT
— i—i —^
997 Market St., S%h.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOHYf
\ ,Cy^ The Largest Anatomical Museum io tb« * .' .
ft • tm V*ij*±. VVor id - weaknesses or any contracted A
i. SSS8S1 *seis= po«lti»«« TC= ,.j bytheo | dcit ¥
O fi§Zj$3 I SP 5 "! 1 '!! on the Cout. Est. 36 years. ©
iJiS?is DR. JCRDAM-DISEASES OF MEN A
f nMlg Consulutioa free and sttictly priTite. \
I jOef H Treatment personally or by letter. AM
I 7,<SS fotitn* Curt in eTery cue ondertaieen. \
P 5 ¦¦'-- Ii A ' Write for Boeic. PniLOIOPni mt A
Ml 1* MARRIAGE. MAILED FKXS. ( A. ¥
¦ X Q, .•¦ f£ valuable book for mm) ¦ \
V DB.JOBDAN Al'O., 1031 Market St. S. F. V
ytf^V y IM • vlGOS . v " AL1TY tor MEN
6 **©^ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
J!?* at» %Z<k hava been In use over firty
JaFW^raSft years by the leaders of tho
mf&Ji&J&S* Mormon Church and their
raE&TUtSEi ollow ers. Positively cure the
KSrttrivX OS! worst cases In old and younsr
V*V^C\Vr5Rl arlstn S from effects of self-
vSSSfiffl^Eff abuse, dissipation, excesses or
ifflM^W cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lo3t
1 5 *^ Power. Nlsht Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame- Back.
Neryous Debility. Headache. Unntness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. -_ Varicocele or Con-
Btipation. Stop Ner r)fl voua Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are ¦ SZJZL Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote CK J* Ta ncy to every func-
tion. Don t get despondent: a cure Is at hand
Restore small, undeveloped, organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box- « for
?2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis at
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT, DRUG CO 38
and 40 Third st. *
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
has' been 'used for over SIXTT TEARS b»
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDRE-5
.WHILE TEETHING, WITH PERFECT^SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTEN3
the GTZMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WTVO
COLIC, and Is the • best remedy , for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Druegists In every paxtof
the world. Be »ure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
AND .TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five) Cents a Bottle.
fi^k WONG WOO,
; -KT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
K f SANITARIUAI.
•^&0&to 76^-66 Clay St., S. R, Cal.
Zr>5^ 4 lPlV A LL DISEASES (.TJRED
fWit3MM^ rX «xclu»iYely by Clxia«*«
t^ s * 0Ttr 300 ° '*"etie« belnx and, Hours
8:80 to U «. m.. 1 to 8 and 7 to » p. ja.
JD'DTTC'TJ'riC' FOR BARBEltS. BAK.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery
dyers, . flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers. - painters, shoo factories,
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, ate.
V BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush' Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
JUHaSfl JT, me<]7 c. for Gonorrhosa,
O re^fel Sff*« Spermatorrhoea.
JSMT CURES Whites, unnatural did
£a£7tein) 5 iJ»t«. ya charges, or any inQamm*-
ff&V Oa»r»ateed to *" tion. irritation or ulcera-
F> -jFcoTrnt — "-'-- V 00 °* m . u c ° a s mem-
BT'HItucFmiu, rHrutri! rn branes -
express, prepaid, for
cVr^rih'o^rSu
and Women
CMULD USE DAMIANA* BITTERS, THH
"O Great Mexican Remedy: -gives health and
strength to sexual organs... Depot. 323 Market.
flw "PAT E M TS*' i
- • — ¦ • - "7
Remington **¦* **»*
I . «/aiid up.
I rvDfcwritpr^ Qood work • nd
i ¦ Jr IL *' 1^ prompt service
OM.ncMT At Knaranteed by
N R E N T A L °«r »«p«rk>r u.
... ---¦ '- - - - -^ clUUesand nat.
f J .. lilM -7— —————— ura | interest In
the rcrntatlon of oar machine. .
WYCKOFF,SEAMANSSBENEDKt
211 Montgomery St., S. F.
Tel.' Main 87.FLOUR— California Family " Extras, . $3 500
3 75, . usual ' terms; Bakers' Extras, - ; $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75®3 25 ,; per, barrel for ,'famlly and
$3@3 50" for. Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', $3
@$3 50." " - : , .
I MILLSTUFFS^-Prlces / In sacks are rb fol
lows/: usual - discount 'to tho trade: 'Graham
Flour; $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal
$2 75 ; Rice -Flour,, $7 ; | Corn Meal. $3 25 ; j extra
cream do,' $4; Oat-Groats; $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25; Buckwheat '-•; Flour,' : $4 50@4 75; , Cracked
.Wheat, $3 50;/ Farina, $4 50; N Whole 'Wheat
,Flourf-$3 25; -Rolled Oats (barrels), i$7 35@0; in
sacks, ¦ $6 85@8 50;: Pearl : :Barley,'- $5 50; Spilt
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs.'."-'
• . -, andyFeedstiiffs. . / -,-\
I Rolled ; Barley* Is • higher again. In " sympathy.
with the raw grain,'-' Otherwise there is nothing'
new. Bran and Middlings. being ( firm and; Hay
ea«y. - '
. : BRAN— $16(816 50 per ton. E. ; ' ,
.' MIDDLINQ3-^$19 50@21 per ton: l '
;'! FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@21 CO pei
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26: Jobbing;
*26 5O@27; Cocoanut Cake, " $20@21 : Corn 'Meal,
$29@29 60;' Cracked : Corn. $29 50@:<0; Mixed
:Feed, $1C@17 ; • Cottomseed Meal, : $26 50. ' .; . .
!. HAY— Wheat, •" $9011 50; Wheat :•< and ? Oat,
$8 5O@U ; Oat, . $8@10 50; . Alfalfa, : $8@U; j Clo-
Flour and Millstuffs,
XEW YORK. April 3.— The granger and
ii-anscontlnental stocks developed surprising.
animation and buoyancy within a few mlnutfs
»f to-day's closing dealings in stocks and were
rushed up in a sensational manner, which pre
:1 1 >Siated an eager scramble among the bears
:o r<n>r, thus accentuating the rl«e. Previous
:c that time the character of the market • had
*-<n much the same as that prevailing fora
•on* Hire. Thore was a rather notable demand
•or St. Paul but no greater than consistent
R'ith the- recent tactics of professional - pools
:r. supporting some one leading stock for ef
<>ct on tiie rest of the market. The general
uet oontinu<i1 neglected and Irregular, with,
rtjvleus profit-takir.g srolng on in some of the
Hooks v.-hlch were strongest yesterday or <r«
:).'_ immediate past. The treneral fipedaltles
rtLCf- no movprnont either waj-. The most con
'I^<-uou» movements were - In stocks ' of minor
|9illi-«iad companies which rnfebt be available
01 absorr.tion by larger systems or for com-
MREtlon into competitors with the larger'sys-
f mi: - There .were new points of strength also
vtvt-loptd among the small Industrials which
«r^ UKually little heard of In the stock mar
11 ? . iu some cases by reason of the closene**
nth which thf-y are held for Investment pur
*J* The deman* for Hocklrs Vallty con
.tm*rj x-f-ry largp, earning It i:p <5 points, the
>r.-ft.Tred rising 3y. Cleveland, Lorain arid
•MK-ellnpr, «',i; Kanawha and Mich'gran. 2%.
•n<.! Ann Arbor preferred 4. Thsi>e stock*
wirw-d to be influenced in sympathy. The
• <v York dock stocks roue about .% points etch.
V?,** 1 * 311 Tele-phone and Telegraph a(J\ > anred
wjj on the reported large increase In the ln
•"istnentF outetanding. There was a long U»t
JJ sainR running from a point or more. Boine
¥ a vh ; ch *'ere simply recoveries from depref
' " . ? J'estenJay. At the eame tlm<.> Ainnlxa
• w c °Pl wr . Colorado Fuel. United SUtcs
preforred and the st« »1 etocks . were J
«U»er acutely depressed by z-.M7.inz Mice ¦
New York Stock Market,
There were new tactics on the corn pit to
day that set the crowd guessing again. Prices
started out at small declines. Suddenly the
prominent bull crowd that has been active in
July options began to sell of that delivery and
bought 2,000,000 of September. This pushed
the late future up and the crowd began to tall
In. The nearer deliveries suffered and showed
no tendency to recover. When the offerings
of September proved In excess of the demand
that delivery eased off again and wheat ex
erted a weakening Influence. Aside from the
incident in September the corn market was
slack, with a tendency toward the Benin? side.
May closed weak, %@%c lower, at 59%©59%c.
Oats showsd independent strength for a time
to-day. May closed steady and unchanged at
42%c. -, . -',-•¦ / -..¦••
Provisions were weak and the decline looked
very much like continued manipulation at' the
hands of the sackera.' May pork closed 27%c
lower, ¦ lard 20c down and May , ribs 10c off.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations ¦ were as follows: ¦ Flour,"
steady; No. 3sprlng wheat,' 71@71%c; No. '2
red, 70%©78c; No. 2 oats, 42%@43%c; 'No. 2
white, 45 Vi@46Vjc; No. ' 3 . white, 44%@45%c-
No. 2 rye. 58«?58%c ;. good feeding barley. : "65@
07c: fair to . choice malting, $1 68;. No. 1-flax
seed, ' $1 73; .mesa pork, ..per ,¦ barrel. $16 -iOii
1(5 50; lard,- per .100 pounds, . $9 77%@9 85-
Ebort-rib sides (loose), $8 80«?S 00; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), - $7 37%®7 50; short-,, clear
aides (boxed). $!> 30@9 40; -. whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 30; . clover, contract grade; $80
8 10. ¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦. ¦ .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ,."..*. 32,000 -" • ; ¦ 30,000
Wheat, bushels;.'. .......... 45,000 '.'/-.' ' "21,000
Corn, .bushels 92,000 . r .51000
Oats, bushels 84,000 • .. 130,000
Rye. bushels .'.".:; :.:. 1,000 -1,000
Barley, bushels ....:.:;... 27,000'. ' 6,000
,On the Produce Exchange, to-day the; butter
market was firm; creamery,. 20@27%c; ; dairy,
EASTERN MARKETS.
tr- — ; ¦ — *
CHICAGO, April 3.— Trade In wheat dragged
much of the time and only once showed any
snap. Foreign markets were Bll»?htly up, but
disappointed the bulls in their unresponsive
character. Much of the early crop news was
bearish and showed its effect on opening prices
bearish and showed its effect on opening
prices. May started %c to %c lower at 71 %c
to 713&C, and worked up to 72%c on the bull
news, but there was no force to the market
Offerings were liberal, outside markets dragged
badly and then came the report of a statisti
cal concern' that allowing about three-quarters
of last year's production for Kansas and Ohio
the six principal winter wheat States wouid
raise aa muoh wheat as last year. In another
weak wheat market this had a weakening
effect and May slid down to a weak close v4c
lower at 71%c. ¦ •'"
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No rales.
Second Session — May — 8000 ctls,- 94c.
: Regular 'Morning. Session— May — 2000 ctls
03%c; 2000, 93 %c;. 2000. 94c. : \ --
Afternoon Session — May— 2000 ctls, 04-lic.
December— 60C0.- 79c; 2000.' 78%c. • .
OATS — The market is showing more activity
and great firmness. Some sellers' are asking
higher price's, , while others refuse .to ; advance
their quotations, saying that the : goods are " ao
high now that any further advance would stop
the buying. Stocks and offerings are light."
- Grays, $1 30@l 40: whites.". $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise. $1 4O@l 45; black, $1 12%<g;l 32%; red,
$1 30@l 42% per ctl. : - , ¦
CORN — Yellows. are weak, but white is firm
with ' a wide range in prices, some choice lots
.being quoted up to $1 «0, though this figure is
too high for a quotation. ->'; ., ¦ . , .
Large Yellow, $1 35@1 42%; small round do
$1 35®1 47%; white. $1 40@l 50 per. ctl.
; RYE— 92%@95c per ctl. There Is nothing
' BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at $1 C5@l '75 per
ctl. ¦ • .•¦.'¦¦:;¦•¦¦¦.:¦¦¦¦¦
Informal Session— -9:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $1 08%. '----' ¦•
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 09% ; 2000,
$1 09%. . "•• ¦ .1' .
Regular Morning Session — May — 8000 ctls
$1 08%. December — 8000, $1 07%.
Afterncor. Session — May — 2000 ctls,'$l 0S%>
December — 10.000, $107%.
• BARLEY — The market continues stirf, with
top quotations easily obtained.: Stocks are so
lijjht that buyers are beginning to take hold
of the market. ;...- -. '• ¦ ¦ •«
; Feed, 97%c for No. 1 and 05c for off Graded;
brewing and shipping grades, 08%c@$l; Cheva
lier, $1@1 20. - ; •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 00 days..... — $4 80%
Sterling Cables, sight.. 1 — 4 88%
Sterling .Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight...,. — ¦ 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver,-" per ounce r — 51
Mexican Dollars, nominal. — 43%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Paris was lower .and Liverpool
firm. . :
Chicago quotations showed little change. The
market opened easier on unresponsive cables,
and rain In . the " Southwest. * Receipts were
light and the demand moderate. .There .was
lack of outside speculation, but 400,000 bushels
were taken for shipment. . The local scalpers
did their best to break the market. The South
west were good buyers. A lot of bad crop re
ports cam? In '- from Kansas and Oklahoma,
each reporting not over half a crop. Kansas
City wired that the winter wheat never looked
worse, at . this time. of the year. ..There was a
tip that .the forthcoming-Ohio ¦ State' report
would show an improvement, of 15 per cent.
Stocks at Minneapolis ;were expected to de
crease 1,000,000 bushels for the week. -
In this market futures were lower, but cash
prices : remained unchanged, with very ,• little
business. ¦
¦ Spot Wheat — Shipping,' _ $1 10; . milling,
$1 11%@1 13% per ctl..
Exports of Wine.
Shipments of Wine from this port by sea
5-Jring the month of March were 1,248,657- gal
: ms and 325 cases, valued at $404,224. These
figures include the shipments to New York.
*1l^ n ,, were ,, unusuaU y heavy, amounting to
I.SC5.112 rallons, valued at $3S3,946. The total
exports for the first three months of the year
2S*5? U *> < * 1 and 1056 cases, valued at
Exports of Quicksilver.
Exports of Quicksilver In March were 309
Hasks. valued at $13,757, against making the
total exports eince January 1 1144 flasks, valued
at $55,430.
Exports of Flour and Grain.
FLOUR— Exports of Flour from this port by
st-a during the month of March were 06,679
larrels. valued at $209,516, against 89,637 bar
rels, valued at $276,C90 in March. 1901. The
total exports since the first of the crop year,
commencing July 1, were 023,061 barrels.
Mlued at $2,804,306. against 708.103 barrels,
valued at ?2,2m,&54 during the Eame period last
year.
WHEAT — Exports of Wheat In March were
!»63,38S centals, valued at $1,072,389, against
(•20,480 centals, valued at f S32.539 In March.
1»O1. Since July 1, 19-J1. the total exports were
<.K19,22ti centals, valued at $8.182,6«2, against
U,lC2,tv40 centals, valued at $6,278,807 during
ti.e same period last year.
BARLEY — The foreign shipments of Barley
during the month of March were 82,501 centals,
valued at $101; 406, of which 81.718 centals, val
ued at $100,<;5<i, were shipped to Australia. The
exports In March, 1901, were 69.382 centals,
valued at $G0,549. For the first nine months of
the crop year these exports were 3.797.037 cen
tals, valued at $3,537,008. . against 1.893,277
centals, valued at $1,785,73$. Curing the sea-
Kin of 1000-01.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 3—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiate. as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
Laet This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.7S 45. 2S 43.40
Red Bluff 0.34 Z5S.73 22.22
Sacramento Trace 15.5(5 17.50
San Francisco Trace -17.14 18.94
Fresno 0.03 C.22 '. 10.35
Indepen<Jence <t.00 4.13 • 8.81"
San Luis Obispo 0.O0 19.82 '27. K2 '
Lo« Armeies ....... 0.00 .10.37 14.18
San Uiego ..O.CO ...... .5.85 1D..65
San "Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
C2: minimum. 50; mean. 56.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peraiures were reported from Eastern stations:
Bostca 46-3S i Kansas City 52-3C
Cincinnati 42-30 Omaha 4t}-2S
Philadelphia 44-38 'ltiica«ro ... .'....40-T2
Washington 46-3« Duluth 46-32
Jacksonville 6f,-50 : ; t Louis 54-1U
Kew York 42-2S.f£alt Lake Clty...50-;i8
Temperature, 7 a. m. — 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen along the coast fro-n
San Francisco northward and conditions are
more favorable for generally fair weather over
the greater portion of California.
Khowers have fallen over Central and "Korth
t>rn California. The temperature ha* risen
Flowly over the southern naif of the Pacific
Slope.
Forec2rt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 4 1902:
Northern California— LiR-ht showers In north
prn portion, fair in eouthern portion Friday;
light southerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Friday, warmer;
light westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Friday, continued warm; fresh
southerly wind.
Kan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday,
breaklne away durlnr the day: llrht southerly
R-lnds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
. Forecast Official.
Northern Business.
; SEATTLE, April 3.— Clearings, $582,899; bal
ances, $102,030. •
TACOMA. April 3.— Clearings, $170,375; bal
ances. $41.5S7. . r . . ..
PORTLAND, April- 3.-rClearings, . $431,900;
balances. $81,072. ¦ .
1 SPOKANE, ; April , 3.— Clearings, $300,874;
balances, $50,170.
. THURSDAY; April 3— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .111 111% 4s qr c (new) 133% 139%
4s qr reg.. ..Ill lll%'4s qr coup... 109^110
j MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A* W 5s. 91% — ' Oc SS Co 5s — 101
Bay CPC 5s. 107% — Ombus C 6s. — —
Cal-st 5s.... 117 119 Pac G Im 4s. 96% —
C Costa 5s..llO% — Pk& C H 6s. 107 —
Ed UP 6s.— — Pk& O R 6s.ll7 120
Fer&C H Os. — — Pwl-«t R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 98%100
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s.l21Vil22
¦Do 5s .... 97 — Sierra CalOs. 111% —
L Ang R 68.118% — S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s. — — (1909) ....113% —
Do gtd Cs. — — : (1910) ....114% —
Do gtd 5s. — 103% (1905)Sr A.106% —
L A & P 5s. 102% — (19O5)Sr B.107% —
Do lem 58.100 , -— M1906) KW/llOO^
Mkt-st C 6e. — 130 (1912) 119%121
Do lem 58.121 122 S P of C 1st
N R of C 6s. 112 — c gntd 5S..120 —
Do 5s ....121VU22 Do stmpd.111% —
N Pac C 6s.l09%110 SP Br Cal6s.l39 —
N R Cal 58.115 — S V Wat 68.111 111%
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% Do 4s 2dm. — —
Oak Trn 6s.. 123% — Do 4s Sdm.102% —
Do 1st c5s.113%115 Stkn G&E6s.lO2 104
Oak W G 5s. — 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 7B% 78 Port Costa.. 63% e6 zi
Marln Co.... 60 — Spring • Val .. 93 03%
. : GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light. .. 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3 4% Sac E G&R. 28 35
Mutual . — 4% S F G & E.. 42% —
0 G L & H. 57 57% S F G L Co. 5% —
Pac G Imp. .136 — Stktn G & E 8 —
'.'.INSURANCE. '
' Flrem's Fnd.260 — ; '
Anglo-Cal ..89 90% L P & A 166 167
Tallfornia ..422% — Mer Ex (liq) 13% .— •
Tal Safe Dp. 117% — S F Nationl.142% —
First Nationl — — . '¦'."¦-.
V SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — IBav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav — 340
Mutual Sav. 80 87% Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U.. 620 — I
; ' STREET RAILROADS. '
California'.. 102% —...-[Market.' 100 —
Geary ...... — .60 IPresidlo .... 25- —
POWDER. ¦
Giant ....... 79% 80 JVlgorlt — 4 -
SUGAR.
Hana ....... 3% — Kilauea — 10 .:
Hawaiian .. 33 Makawell .. 22% 24
Honokaa — 11% Onomea .... 23 —
Hutchinson . 11% — . Paauhau ... 11% 12
• MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.161%162 Pac A F a:. 2% 3%
Cal Fruit As.102%103 Pac C Borx. 165 —
Cal Wine As 99%100 Par Paint... 18 — ¦•
Oceanic S Co 34 — r ¦ • . .
... ¦ .: Morning Session,
Board — ..-'_.-.,
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 161 CO
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 110 5C!
$•10,000 Market St R R con -5 per cent.122 00
- 30 Oakland. Gas , ..;.......:.. 57 23 :
. ¥i Pacific Gas'Imp ..35 CO
10 Pacific Gas Imp; cash/. ¦,'R5 25 ¦•
'.15 Pacific Gas Imp ....; .35 5O
133 Pacific ; Gas Imp ...."..;....../... 35 75
$1000 Sacramento. E G & R 5 per ct. . 98 50
¦'M S F Gas & Electric Co.. .......... 42 75
50 Spring Valley Water ;: 93 CO
$3000 S V 4 per eent bonds | (2d mort).103 00
.- -. : '.'-Street — "' .' - :.;;¦''.• y-~
$."000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.119 00
: $4000 Sacramento EG & R 5 per cent. 98 50
I $1000-8 PC 1st con 5s (stmpd). ......Ill e2%
' : . - Afternoon Session.
- — .. ¦-. ,-¦-¦¦ - ¦¦-.
'¦ 40 Alaska Packers' Assn 161 ss
5 California Fruit Canners :.. 102 16
-60 Giant > Powder Con } V. '.' : : * jl .'. .'..•; l 79 75
; 23 L P &A Bank...................i6« 00
1 '20 Paauhau S P Co ....;........... ll 50
$3000 Sacramento E G & R 5 per cent. 9!) 00
$3000 SP Branch ;Ry 6 per. cent..:.. 139 00
- .- 20 Spring Valley Water . . : 93 25
$1000 S V- 6 percent bonds..;.... .....Ill 37%
$7000 S V 4 per cent" bonds (2d moil). 103 25
Street-TgftwptMBEBfilflBI
'•20 Giant. Powder Con 7ft 73
$10,000 Oakland .Transit: Co 6 per cent. 124 25
$10,000 Sacramento E GARS per cent. 98 CO'
I $3000 S P of Arizona (1908), cash' .113 75
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
¦; The only fluctuation worthy of note on the
morning session. of the Bond Exchange was an
advance in Pacific Gas to $35 75. The other
stocks were dull. In the afternoon Spring Val
ley Water was higher at $93 25 and Alaska
Packers at $161 75. There was j a sale of Lon
don, Paris and American Bank at $166. There
was active ¦ trading In bonds.
- The oil stocks have been showing more life
during the past few days. Last week there
was sudden activity In Sterling, owing to the
placing of a contract for 1,500,000 barrels for
Island account, and now Petroleum Center has
become active with sales of thousands of shares
at rising prices, the stock selling yesterday at
9®10c. Nobody seems to be able to give any
reason for this rally In Petroleum Center, un
less . It- is the sinking of a new well. At any
rate the chief operator in the stock quietly says
that he is not selling any, put is buying on the
board. - .
A dividend on old Market-street Railway
stock has just been declared for the quarter
ending March 31. The rate Is 60c per share,
the same as heretofore, and the dividend will
be payable on the 10th. -•
The following quotations for the United Rail
ways of San Francisco were . received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. ; Common stock, $24@24 12% ; preferred,
$e2 37%®62 62%; 4 per cent bonds, $89 50@00;
subscriptions, $101 87%@102 12%.
Conditions in the evaporated apple market
wc-ra about unchanged, although values show
a weakening tendency on good grades. Busi
ness was very dull. State common to good
7@S%c; prime. 9&9Vic; choice, 9%@10c; fancy
10%@Uc.
In prunes there was a fair jobbing move
ment at steady prices for large Bii.es other
wise fruit was dull and featureless. Apricots
and peaches, steady and in moderate jobbing
demand. s
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS-'-Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 11%
@12%c. ¦-
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, S@10c.
DRIED FRUITJ3
NEW YORK. April 3.— FLOUR!— Receipts.
11,182 barrels; exports, "3183 barrels. Opened
rather firmer, but later was weaker and closed
unsettled.
WHEAT — Receipts, 8775 bushels; exports,
20,354 bushels. Spot, easier. No. 2 red,- 82%c
elevator and 80%c f. o. b. afloat;. No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 81c tl o. b. afloat; No. 1. hard
Manitoba r ; S4c f. o. b. afloat.
Disappointing English cabins gave wheat an
early setback, overnight holde •« belling freely,
but at midday large clearances, rumors of crop
damage and small primary receipts caused a
recovery. . This was followed in the last hour
by a second break under realizing and bearish
crop news, the close being %c net lower. May,
77%@78 5-lbc; closed 77%c; September, 77%@
7Sc, closed <<%c; December, -7S%<g 79% c, closed
78%c. -
HOPS— Firm. ¦ "
¦ HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%@12c. Futures
closed steady and net unchanged to 5 polnta
higher. Total sales, 28,250 bags, including:
May, 5.35@5.40c; July, 655@5.60c; September,
5.75@-5.S0c; October. 5.85c; December 0@0.05c;
January, tt.lOc; March, C.20@0.."0c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c*
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined, steady.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, April 8.— WHEAT— Steady; Blue
Stem, 65c.' Club, 04c. • •¦>
PORTLAND, April . 3. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 04@65c; Valley, 65c; Blue Stem, 66c.
' Cleared — Marion Lightbody, with 122,878
bushels of wheat, for Queenstown. ¦ .
The total shipments of wheat (flour included)
from this port for the week ending to-day were
398,272 bushels.. <
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
ver, $7@9; • Volunteer.. $6 50@8 50; Stock, > $6@8
per ton. - . • - "
STRAW— -40©C5c per bale. . ,
1 w 'Beans and Seeds. ..¦¦
. Beans "are . showing more fluctuation, gener
ally i In;, the 'direction of lower prices, as the
market is weak. 'The; demand is nothing extra.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 60; small White. $2
@2 60 ;1 large. White, $2 10@2 25; Pea, $3 50®
3 75; Pink. $1 90©2 10; Red. $2 50@2 75;
Blackeye, $4 5004 75; LImas, $3 75@4; Red
Kidneys, $3 50@4 per ctl. . 1
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. . $2 25@2 50; Canary,
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah. 10%@llc;
California. ,10@10%c; Rape, 1%@2%c; Hemp, 1
3%c Der lb. ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ • •
DRIED PEAS — Nlles, $1 60@2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal. . . x .
'¦'¦"¦ ; "¦¦'.'¦,, i — —' .'• ¦¦ / . -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market showed more steadiness In Ore
gon : Burbanks and offerings on - the wharf
cleaned, up. .The steamer, due from Oregon-to
morrow . is said . to have light supplies, about
half of the I usual quantity, ';. and ; dealers . look
tor higher . prices. ' One ' car was received j by
rail.' -" New Potatoes were a • shade lower, " but
ruled ' steady _ at the : decline. . Sweets are sell
ing, well' at unchanged prices.
There was no change in Onions.
Receipts of Asparagus were light again and
the market cleaned up at slightly higher prices.
There was considerable shipping north on the
Oregon steamer, the demand -being chiefly for
Rhubarb and Peas, . which were offering freely
at easy prices. .• Los Angeles Vegetables came
to hand early and eold well at good prices.
• POTATOES — New Potatoes, • 3@3%c per lb;
old. $1 25@1 40 for Burbanks from , the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $130@1.05; Oregon ; Garnet
Chiles. $1 60; River Reds. $1 50@l 60; Early
Rose, for seed, $1 60@l 70; small Burbanks, for
seed. $1 10@l 30; Sweets, $1 85@1 90 for Mer
ceds. - : • ! : ¦ ..¦¦•-.' ' *,
ONIONS— Oregons, $2@2 15 for, the best and
$1 75@2 , for I lower grades; Australian, $3 50®
3 75; Green Onions, 40@60c per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus,' extra fancy, 7@
8c per lb, $2®2 75 per ;box for No. land $1 25
@1 75 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 75c@$l 25 per box;
extra fancy,' $1 50; Green Peas, . f com Los»An
geles, 3@3%c ; Bay Peas, 3@4c ; String Beans,
from Los Angeles, 10@15c ; . Cabbage, 40c per
ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, "$1@1 25 per box
and $1@1 50 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes. 75c
@$1 25 per box, Including repacked; Dried Pep
pers. 10@llc per lb; Los Angeles do, 13@17%c;
Dried Okra. : 12%@20c per' lb;. Carrots,- 35@50c
per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c@$l 25 per
dozen for small and $1' 50@2 for large; Garlic,
1%@2%c; Los Angoles Green Peppers, 12%0
15c; Mexican do,' 8@10c; Egg Plant, from Los
Angeles, 20©25c; "Summer Squash,- from Los
Angeles, $1 75@2; Marrowfat Squash, $10@15
per ton;, Hubbard Squash, $10@15; Mushrooms, j
nominal. . '. :
Poultry and Game.
¦ ' • — — — ¦ ,' - :
Two cars of Eastern Poultry were placed on
the market, making "J for the week,' and ' sales
were made as follows: Hens, $7@8; young
Roosters, ; $8; old do, $5; Fryers, $7; old Ducks,
,$6; young do, $7; Squabs. $3; Geese, $1 75@2.
¦Local Poultry did better under a brisk de
mand and most descriptions were marked up. |
Receipts of Game were 18 sacks. Gray Geese
and Hare brought better prices. ' • • -. • :.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c . for Gob
blers and 15(3>16c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
fl r.d@l 75: Goslincp. $2 25@2 50; Ducks. $5®
$5 50 for old and $7@S for young;- Hens, $4 50®
5 50; young Roosters, $6 60@7 60; old Roosters,
$4 50@5; Fryers, $5 50@6; Broilers, $4 50@5
for large and $2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
fl'50@l 75 per dozen for old and $2 50@2 75
tor Squabs.
GAME — Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese. $3;
White Geese, 75c@$l' 25; Brant. $1 25@2 per
dozen; Honkers, ?3@ 4; English Snipe. $3; Jack
Snipe, $1 50. . .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The situation In Butter continues unchanged.
Northern orders keep the market from becom
ing congested, but the feeling is weak. Tlft
Dairy Exchange yesterday 'received a telegram
from Senator Bard saying that he would vote
for the Oleomargarine bill.
Cheese . remains as before, being weak, with
large stocks. . . * - : .
The lower grades of Eggs are somewhat . off,
and the gap between store and ranch descrip
tions is beginning to widen, as usual at this
time of the year. There have been so many
choice ranch bought up in the country for cold
storage that they are becoming somewhat
scarce, but this condition Is offset, by the ex
cessive supplies of all other grades. Dealers
continue to store what they cannot sell." ¦ Soms
of them are disposed to quote fine ranch rather
firmer, on account of '¦ the lighter supplies al
luded to just above, but no better prices have
>et been established.- • :
"Receipts were 54,300 pounds, 39 tubs and
3 kegs of Butter, 1728 cases -of Eggs, 29,450
pounds of California Cheese, pounds of
Oregon Cheese and pounds of a Eastern
Cheese. -. . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -•-
- BUTTER — Creamery, • 21c per pound for
fancy,: 20c for firsts and for -seconds;
dairy, 17@19c; store Butter, 16@17c per
pound. ¦' . N '- . .
CHEESE — New, 0@10c; old, 9@llc; Young
.America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
- EGGS— Ranch, 14@15c; store,' 13@13%c per
dozen. v : . .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges continued firm and stocks are stead
ily, diminishing,- although the high prices have
somewhat checked the demand. Three cars
are announced for to-day's auction.'- Lemons
were offering more freely and the feeling was
easier, especially for . inferior stock. Apples
were dull and neglected: ' • • • '
Bananas met .with a steady demand at sus
tained prices. • Two cars are expected . from
New. Orleans to-day.
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extras,. $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and COc@$l for or
dinary. ,
•CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Orances, $l@l 75
for Etanflard, $2@2 50 for choice and $2 50@3
for fancy; extra fancy,. $3 25; Seedlings, $l@
1 75; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 75@2;- Malta
Blood Oranges. $2@2 50: Tangerines. In quarter
boxes, 75c@$l and $1 25tg)l 50 in half boxes;
Lemons, 75c@$l for common and $1 25@1 75 for
good to choice and $2@2 75 for fancy; Grape
Fruit, $1©3, including seedless: Mexican Limes,
$4 ft -4 50; Bananas, '$1 75@2 50 per bunch for
New Orleans and $l@2for Hawaiian; Pine-,
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots, ,-9@llc for Royals and
10® 13c - : for. standard to fancy • "• Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8@9c; sun dried. ."5e:
Peaches, 6%@8%c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted.
5@0c; unpitted.' l%@2%cr Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 6%@0c for white; figs, 4%c for
black and 5%@t5c for white. :
' PRUNES— 1901 - crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. «V4®6%c: 40-50's, 5(ff5%c; 60-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70' s. 4@4Vic; • 70-80' s,3%@3%c; 80
90's, 3@3%c; 90-100' s. 2%@2%c' per lb.
; RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown, ,8c; 2-crown. 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6% c for 4-crown.and
5',4c for seedless; 3-crow.n, 6c; 2-crown, ;5%c:
Seedless Sultanas.. 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. -Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy. '$1 50; . London Layers,
$1 25@1 C5. t^^.
: NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 7 0%@10c;
No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds, 10%® 12c for papershell, 9®10c vfor
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern; Brazil. Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts,
12®12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll©12c for bright and 9@llc
for- light amber;, water white- extracted. T 5@
6c; light amber extracted, 4£i">c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Provisions.
Conditions /in this market showed some
change ' yesterday. ( Chicago - declined C sharply
.and San Francisco dsalers reported that-Mon
day's advance had- led to a, good deal; of cut
ting among the local, trade. - ; Stocks '. at .Western
markets were reported from Chicago , as 'fol
lows: -New or - contract ' Pork, 50.800 barrels;
old do, 10,000 -barrels; Lard, 55,000 tierces;
Ribs, 124,250,000 pounds. :'• Total amount of cut
meats and : Joints, -. 159,000.00a pounds. There
was a good deal of realizing at Chicago.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy,; 13c • for.- light 'medium, 14c for 'light,
lSc.for extra light- and 15%c for • sugar-cured :
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, -13 %c; California
Hams, 12>*©13c;Mess Beef. $9@9 50. per bar
rel; extra Mess, $10@10 5Q; Family. $11@11 50;
prime- Mess Pork. $16; extra clear. $22 50@23;
Mess, $18 50019; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork,' $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 76; Smoked Beef,
•13%@14c perlb. : . : - . -
"LARD — Tierces quoted at 8@SVic per lb'for
compound', and 11% c for pure; half .barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12c; 5- lb tins. -12 %s;
3-lb tins.l2Vic. -- •
• COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels- 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
0%c; five, tierces, 9%c per lb. .
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.'
;.'-' There is no further chtinge in any description.
[ : HIDES "AND SKINS— Culls ¦ and .; brands ; sell
about; l%o 1 under /quotations. 'Heavy ; salted
Steers.V10%c;; medium, :9@9%c; light,, 8(§$%c';
Cow? Hides, : 9c for heavy, and 8c for light;
Slags/; 6@6%c: Salted Kip, 'Sc; Salted ,Veal,' 9c;
Salted'- Calf, , ; 10c ; 5 Dry : Hides, 16c ; Culls, 14c ;
Dry Kip." 13c; Dry Calf,-, 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c ;¦ Sheepskins, Bhearlings,- 15@30c .each ;' short
Wool, - " 30® 60c --each; medium,- 60@75c; long
Wool,*80c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 73
'63. for large and $2 25@2 50 \f or. medium, $1 75
<@2 for small f and 50c for Colts: -Horse Hides,
dry,"$l 75 tor large, $1 25@1' 50 for medium,, $1
@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. c . Deerskins-r
Summer or; red' skins, f 35c;:. fall".; or .medium
gklns, 1 -- 30c ; V winter.- or/ thin skins, 20c. z- Goat
skins— Prime; Angoras; -75c;: large: and smooth,
50c; medium," 35c. '• • . : v<. ,". . v.- . - ;.. •• .
, TALLOW— No.- ; 1 ¦ rendered. 6%@6c per lb;
No.'2,'4%©5c: grease,' 3®3%c.
. .WOOL — Spring Southern,-! 12 months, 0@10c;
&o.~ 7 .months,"' G@llc; :. Foothill;: ll@13c per « lb.
• TfHOPS — ll®12c : for ¦ fair and-12%@13%c "per
lb : for * good > to < choice, r first '¦ hands. • -
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 2.
¦ John H. and Charlotte B. Spring to Olive
Verkouteren, lot on W line of San Bruno ave
nue, 75 N of Felton street. N 73. W 120. S 50.
K 20, S 25, E 100, block 2, same; also lot on
W line of San Bruno avenue. 25 S of Silli
man street. S 50 by W 100. block 2, same; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to George A. and Fred*
Jasper, lot on W line of San Bruno avenue. 75
N of Felton street. N 37:6 by W 100. block 2,
same; ?10.
Same to J. M. Ellis, lot on W line of San
Bruno j avenue. 23 S of Silliman. S 50 by W
100. block 2, same: $10.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Ade
line C. Dleckmann (wife of J. D.). lot on W
line 'of San Bruno avenue. 150 S of Dwight, 3
25 by W 120, block 11, Paul Tract Homestead
Association; ?10. .
James W. Kerr and Frances E. Steizer to
Steiger & Kerr Stove and Foundry Company
(corporation), lot on W line of San Bruno ave
nue, 100 S of Mansell. S 50 by W 120. lot 3.
block 23, same; also block 4. University
Mound; also lots 3 and 4. block 45, University
Homestead; $10. • ..
M. Ballin to John W. Hunt, lot 15. block It,
Tract A. People's Homestead Association;. $10.
1 W. M. Grady to F. McCabe. undivided tuuf
Of lots 19 and 20v block F, Lakeview; $10.
Annie E. Hill to Robert P. Hill, lot in Lau
rel Hill Cemetery; gift.
THURSDAY. APRIL 3.
' Patrick and Nora T. O'Neill to Thomas F.
Hearn, lot on W line of Larkin street. 75 3
of Lombard, S 25 by W 105:9; $10.
Hannah Tucker to Sidney Shlrek, lot on S
line of Hayes street, 182 :« E of Octavla, K
25 by S 120; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to Lucle F. Wen
zell. lot on NE corner of Oak and Buchanan
streets. E 43. N 69, E ll:l<frrN 2:1. E 11:3.
N 15:11, W «5:4%, S 87 (quitclaim deed): $1.
William T. and Lucie F. Wenzell to Charles
. Nauman, same;- $10.
Eustlce Culllnan to George B. and Mary A.
Waterman, lot on E line of Sieiner street. 125
N of Green, N 25. E 113:9, S 12:6, E 8:9, S
12:6, W 127:6; $10.
David and Bertha W. Stark to George K.
Easton, lot on NW cojner of Filbert and De
vlsadero streets, "W 30 by N 137:6; $10.
Samuel W. and Margaret P. Cowles to Adele
G Vorbe, lot on NW corner of Hayes street and,
Central avenue (Lott street), W 130 by N 137:6;
$10.
Charles H. and Laura A. E. Huffman to
Margaret C. and Anne Lacy, lot on E line of
Shrader street, 65 N of Frederick. N 33 by
E 94:4%: $10.
Susie E. Cecil to Ella M. Cecil, lot on W line
ot Belvedere, street, 208:9 S of Waller, 8 25
by W 120; $10.
Hobart Estate Company (corporation) to John,
E Qutnn, lot on E line of Valencia street. 60
N of Nineteenth. N ICO by E SO; $17,000.
Estate of Elizabeth Bruhns (by Gu stave W.
Wllhelm, executor) to Hermann D. Junck. lot
on E line of Dolores street. 50 S ot Seventeenth,
S 50 by E 100; $5000.
Eugene F. Harrington to Mary Harrington,
undivided one-third of lot on N line of Beaver
street. 1C0 E of Castro, E 25 by N 114; $IO.
Same to Mary A. Harrington, undivided on»
third of same: $10.
Joseph. Harriet. Jacob and Bertha G. Weiss
ir.ein to Patrick Gartland. lot' on SW corner ot
Twenty-third street and Hoffman avenue (Ellen
street). S 26:6 by W 100, lot 192, Heyznan
Tract; $10.
Rebecca C. Taylor to Ella J. Taylor, lot on.
S line of Washington street. 146:3 E of Bat
tery. E 30 by S 120 (quitclaim deed); $1.
, Estate of Joanna Tessier (by L. J. Hardy,
trustee) to Mabel F. Sumner (single), lot on N
'line of Vallejo street. 88:9 K or Powell. E 48:0
by N 137:0: also lot on E line of Waverly
place, 92:4 S of Washington street, S 30 by E
55 (quitclaim deed); $1.
Mabel F. Sumner (single) to G. B. Demartlnl.
lot on N line of Vallejo street, 88:9 E of Pow
ell. E 48:9 by N 137:6; $10.
James R. and Barbara A. Garnlsa to Charles
R. Bishop, lot on N line of Pine street,' 199: tt
W ef Leavenworth, W 75:6 by N 137:6;
$20,000.
Mercantile Trust Company (corporation) to
Margaret Y. " Loughram, lot on NW line of
Welsh street. 130 NE of Fourth. NE 20 by
NW 62:6; $10.
¦ Rosetta L. Lee, George L. and Margaret E.
Center to Peter and Walhelmtne Dold, lot on
E line of Florida street, 123 8 of Sixteenth, 8
25 by -E 100; $10. ¦
- William and Margaret Scott (by John Lack
mann. Sheriff) to J. J. Rauer. lot on NE corner
; of Yolo and Nebraska streets. N 100 by E 25:
Real Eatate and Development Company to.
Catherine Fisette. lot on SE corner of Eight
eenth and Missouri streets, S 25 by E 100;
grant.
Georgy L. Whitely (wife of Henry M.) and
Caroline W. and Walter H. Baker to Emma S.
Dahl (wife of Charles W.). lot on . E line of
Sixth avenue 200 N of Clement street. N 25
by E 120: $10.
Mary Kenealy to Ermlna Cox. lot on S line
of I street 120 W of Ninth avenue. W 25 by
S 110; $10.
William F. Gibson to Caroline S. Gibson, lot
on W line of Forty-first avenue,. 200 S of O
st**et. .S 25 by W 120; gift. -
IKate T.' Kerrtgan (by John Lackmann. Sher
iff) to D A. Curtin, lot on W line of Thirty
fourth avenue. 100 N ot V street. N 25 by
W 120; also lot on S line of I street, 32:6 E
of Forty-sixth avenue. E 25 by S 100; $252.
Catherine Collins to Clarence L. Collins. lot
on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue. 250 N of V
street N 25 by E 120: gift.
J. C. and Pauline ¦ Rued, to Lillian P. Sim«
(wife of Hugh T.). lot on.NW corner of Tw«n-,
tieth avenue and Lake street. W 57:6 by N
100: $10. .
George W. Hansbrough (by Charles E. Corey,
commissioner) to Emma L. Merrttt and WU
11am R. Adamson (executors estate of Adolph
Sutro). lots 2. 3 and 4. block B. Sutro's Addi
tion: $4676. •-*¦:.
John H. - and Charlotte B. Spring to v Otlv*
Vi-rkouteren (widow), lot on W line of "San Bru
no avenue.' 125 S of Silliman street. S 123 by
V."- 120. -block 2. University Mound > also lot on.
W line of San Bruno avenue. 75 N of Henry
or Felton street. N 25 by W 10". block 2. same;
$10."
Margaret Casstdy (single) to George E. and
Hannah Llnd. lot on E line of Prentiss street.
75 N of Union avenue, N 25 by E 70. lot 870.
Gift Map 2; $10..
W. J.- White to E. P. Lynch, lot 4, block 43,
City Land Association; $10.
' Estate of David L. Farnsworth : (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth. executrix) to Sofia M. and
Doris M. Sandlaon. lot 21. block C. , Sunset
Heights; $1000. '.j»MMWHMpM
- -Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, mow, quit
HEAL ESTATE TEANSACTI0NS.
Flour, -qr *ks.. 2.764|Rtraw.' tons .... 10
Wheat, ctls .... 3. WTO Wine, gals .... 98,100
Barley, ctls .... S.286 Leather, rolls.. 102
Hops, bales ... v - 7 Hides, No. .;.. .'455
Potatoes. Bks .. '595 Pelts, bdls .... OS
Bran, sks : .... 1, 665 1 Lime. bW* .... 273
Middlings. Bks.. 050, Tallow, ctls .. SI
Hay. tons ..... 388 Quicksilver, flk3 360 I
Feed, sks ....; 200 Sugar, ctls .... 2,184 »
Wool, bales .... 315 1
• OREGON.
Flour, . qr sks. . 1.602|Hops. bales \.. 7
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr 'sks.. 4,260 Flaxseed, sks .. 355 !
Potatoes, sks... 1.030 -, - j
FOR THURSDAY. APRIL 3.
Receipts of Produce.
LONDON, April 3.^-Corisols, 94%. Silver,
24%d. French rentes, j lOOf 77%c@100f 75c.
Cargoes on passage, quiet; and steady; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla
Walla, '28s 6d; English country markets,
steady; import Into U. K., wheat, 174,000 quar
ters: import into U. K., flour, 88,000. barrels.
LIVERPOOL, April 3.— WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 2%d@0s 3d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris,- steady; French
country markets, dull; weather In England,
overcast. ' ¦ , .
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK; . April 3.— At London tin de
clined 5s to £119 5s for spot and £117 7s 6d for
futures. At New York the market was steady
but quiet.- A sale of five tons for April deliv
ery was made at $20 30. Spot closed at $26 40
©20 57%. -
COPPER— Was steads, and unchanged here;
Lake, 12@12%c and electrolytic and casting at
1214c asked. London copper closed about un
changed at £53 7s Cd for spot and £53 8s 9d
for futures. Lake ruled steady and unchanged
here • at 4%c. London was Is 3d higher at
£11 Ss 9d. > ' , . .'.'¦ ¦;'
SPELTER — Ruled firmer, closing at $4 40
here, while London was unchanged at £17 15s.
IRON — New York Iron was steady to firm.
Piglron warrants were nominal; No. 1 foundry,
Northern, $19@20; No. 2 foundry, Northern, $18
@19; No. 1 foundry, Southern, $17 50@18; No.
1 foundry, Southern, soft, $17 50@18.
The English markets -were a shade off. Glas
gow closed at 53s and' Middles boro at 46s 10%d.
New York Metal Market.
When St. Paul reached the later stages of Its
acvance it encountered blocks of ofrerinss iun
nlng up to 7000 shares, but rose fcteadily
through them all to 169%. Th? stuck- closed
practically at the top with a sralnof 4 points.
Chicago Northwestern shot up 7V4. the prefer
f»lli4, Chicago and St. Paul. Minneapolis and
Oi.iaha 11 and the preferred 4. It was n«it un
til fifteen mu.utes of the close that these move-'
monts produced any appreciable effect on th«j
peneral naiket. At that time the Pacific* anil
Southwestern* generally shj* up from 1 to 2
points over last night. The market «?lo9«kl very
active and generally strong, though the . re
sponse had not been notable outside of th«j
stocks mentioned and some of tho specialties
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchtson 4;800 78% • 77& , 78
Atchison pfd 2,000 97»4 : 87% ' 97%
Baltimore & Ohio.. WM) 106V 105V l««Vi
Bait & Ohio pfd... "' 100 95% 95>4 . 95%
Canadian Pacific .. 2,300 113. 112% 112'a
Canada Southern.. 300 89 87vg 87'^
Chesapeake & Ohio 800 45% 45% 45%h
Chicago & Alton... 1,200 3« 35?i 35%
Chi & Alton pfd... .... 75
Chi Ind & Louis... 4,000 6(5% 65^ 6<i',s
Chi Ind & Louis pf 909 78 77 V6 ' 77 }i
Chi & East Illinois 157
Chi & Gt Western. 1,300 24Vi 23% 23%
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 300 87% 87% HIV*
Chi & Gt W B pfd. 400 45% 45 4534
Chi & NW 10,300 242 . 234% 241 %
Chi R I & Pac... 1,500 178 177% 177%
Chi Term & Trans. 200 1S% 18% 17%
Chi Term & Tr pfd 200 35 35 35
C C C & St Louis. 1,200 103% 102% 102%
Colorado Southern. 2,500 28% 27% 27%
Colo South 1st pfd. 1.400 72% 71% J2H
Colo South 2d pfd. 1,400 43 41% 42%
Delaware & Hudsn 400 172 171%' 171%'
Del Lack & W 281
Den & Rio Grande. 400 43 42% 43Vi
Den i R G pfd 400 91% 91 91%
Erie 3,400 37 30% 3C>
Erie 1st pfd 400 68%' 68% CSjfj
Erie 2d pfd 300 54% 54% 54%
Gt Northern pfd... 100 1S4% 184% 1S4
Hocking Valley 19.800 83% 78 61
Hocking Val pfd.. 3,200 92% . 90 91%
Illinois Central 3,500 142% 141% 112%
Iowi Central ' 5.800 50% *4S% OO'/4
Iowa Central pfd.. 1 5,400 SG% 84% SU%
Lake Erie & West. 400 CS% 67% 68
L E & West pfd.. 100 131 131 133
Louis & Nash 21,300 107% 105% 100%
Manhattan Elevat. fi.600 J33% 132% lS3Vs
Metropolitan St Ry 2.S00 ¦ 164 1C3V* 163U
Mexican Central... 21200 . 30% 29% • 30 -
Mexican National.. 1,400 19 1S% 18%
Minn & St Louis.. 200 109% 109% 109%
Missouri Pacific 500 100% 99% 100\i
Mo Kan & Tex... 800 84% 24 24'i
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 200 54% 54% . 54%
N J Central 9,000 164% 1(52% 163%
Norf & West 500 56% 50% 56%
Norf & W^st pfd .: .... 90
Ontario & Western 2,700 33 32% 33%
Pennsylvania l,{;00 150% 149% 150 s ;
Reading 5,200 D7% 5G% 57Vi
Reading 1st pfd... 2.800 Sl% 81%' Sl%
Reading 2d pfd 3,900 C8% «JS («%
St L & San Fran.. 500- 84% 84% 83%
St L & S F 1st pfd 5,500 ,75% 75% 7:»%
St Louis SW...... SOO 27% 27% 271?
St Louis SW pfd.. 5.300 59% 59 C9%
St Paul 137,700 1(!9% K,5% WJi/.
St Paul pfd 1,400 190 1SS 183%
Southern Pacific... 13,100 65% 04% 65'i
Southern Railway.. 1,300 '32% 22% 32^
Southern Ry pfd.. 3.S00 94% 94 94M
Texas & Pacific... 200 40% 40% 40 '
Tol St L & W...... SOO 22 21% 21%
Tol St L & W pfd. 1.400 4(> 39 & :nii
Union Pacific 43.000 102« 100 101%
XTnion Pacific pfd.. 1.S0O 88 87%' 88
Wabash 4C0 23% 23% 23%
wMle::: ..??? 42% 42Vi g»
Wh & L E 2d pfd MM I" 3!*
W^is Central 9.000 24% 23% 24%
Wls Central pfd..,. 2,400 40% 46% 46%
Express Companies —
Adams ..••.•...... ..... .... 195
American \ 52.I
United States 200 110*' 109% JOS
Wells Fargo .... ...; 108
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 32.700 C5 C3% C3«
Am Car & Found.. 1,900 29% 23% 29'C
Am Car & F pfd... 600 90 89% 90
Am Linseed Oil 100 24 24 23 r -l
Am Linseed Oil pfd fi°%
Am Locomotive ... 6,600 31% s6% 3O"5i
Am Loco pfd 700 94% 94% 94W
Am Smelt & Ref... 1,300 47 46% 40%
Am 8melt & R pfd. 200 98 OS 9711
Anaconda Mng Co.. 1,300 114 113 113
Brooklyn Rap Tr. . 7.500 05% (54 - C5
Colo Fuel & Iron... 17,100 103 100% 102%
Consolidated Gas . . 4,800 220% 225 225%
Cont Tob pfd...... 1,000 119% 118% 118%
General Electric 1,300 324% 323" 323
Hocking Coal...... 11,300 23% 21% 22V.
International Pap . '* 21
International P pfd 100 75% 75% 7414
International Powr 300 97% 9(5% 97%
Laclede Gas ...'. ..'_ 90
National BiBcult...' '""' nu
National I^ead "" jgr?
North American... 5,700 127 121% 120K
Pacific Coast ..... COO 72 71 70
Pacific Mail 3,10ft 4.1 42 4314
People' g Gas 800 102% 102% 102%
Pressed Steel Car.. 500. 42Vi 4">!,i 41 u.
Pressed Steel C pfd 300 85 . 84% 84
Pullman Pal Car 7 * 235
Republic Steel -600 18 17% 17JK
Republic Steel pfd. 1.000 74% 73% 72 V
Fugar 12.200 133% 132% 132%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 4,200 71 C8% 70&
Union B & Pap Co. . 4,000- 18% 16% 17a?
Union B & P C pfd 3.200 82% 81 81%
U S Leather.. 28,000 .14% 13% 13%
U S L-ather pfd... 7,100 80% 84% 84%
U S Rubber 100 16% 1C% 18W
U S Rubber pfd.... 300 59 59 C0%
U S Steel :.. 2.300 42% 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd...... 5.435 94% 93% 94%
Western Union 9,400 90% .90% . 90%
Shares sold 401.300
NEW YORK BONDS.
IT S ref 2s reR...109% L & N unlf 4s. 1.102%
U S ref 2g coup.. 109% Mexican Cen 4s.. 85
U 8 3s re«r 108% Du 1st lnc . 34
V S 3s couu ....109% M & St L 4s 103*1
U S new 4s reg.139% M K & T 4s 101
U S new 4s coup. 139% Do 2ds 83
U 8 old 4b reg ...111 N Y Cen lsts 104
H r o!d 4s co"?- 111 Do gen 3%s ...109
V S 5s reic .106 N J Cen iren 5s.. 140
L S 5s-coud 100 Northern Pac 4s.. 10S
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% rj o 3s ... 74
Do adj 4s .....'94% Norf & W con*4s!l01tc
Bait & Ohio 4s... 103% Reading gen 4s.. 99%
Do 3%s 00% £tL & I M con 5s.ll7
Do conv 4s 107% S L & S F 4s.... 101
Can South 2ds 108 St L S W lets.. 99%
Central of/Ga 5s. 110".; Do 2ds ... 80%
, Do 1st inc 78 Pan A & A P 4s.. 'J1U
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 108% Southern Pac 4 S .. ' «4%
Chi & Alton 3%s. S4% Southern Ry Cs .122%
C B & Q new 4s. 9C*-i Texas & Pac l3ts.l2u»i
C M&StP een 4s. 116 Tol St L & W 4s. 82%
C & N W con 78.139% Union Pacific 4s. .105%
C R I & P 4s. ..112% Do conv 4 8 .VY.107}4
CCC&St L gen 4s.iai% Wabash lsts .....120
Chi Term 4s ..88 Do 2ds .110%'
Colo & South 4s. 93 Do deb B 74%
Denver & R G 4s\103% West Shore 4s .!!ll3
Erie prior, lien 4a. 100 % W & L Erie 4s 92
Do gen 4s...... 88% Wisconsin Cen 4*s' 91%
FtW&DC lfcts.112% Con Tob 4 a ..... 6G%
Hocking Val 4%s. 109% /4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. /V '
Adams Con :. 20| Little Chief .. n
Alice --• • 4<JjOntario ... 8 25
Breece '.'..' 50 Ophir ...'....; gjj
Brunswick Con ... 11 1 Phoenix iwj
Comstoci Tunnel . 05! Potosl ... - jn
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Savage ... ....... 04
Deadwood Terra . . 50 Sierra Nevada . . 22
¦Horn Silver ..140 Small Hopes , 4?>
Iron Silver ••• ; 75 Standard ... ......335
Leadville Con 05!
¦ BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
i Money — ' HVesttngh Commn. 07%
Call loen» .4©5|- Mining —
Time loans 4%«£C Adventure . . . '. ..O 23
Bonds S Allouez > 31 ' t j
i Atchison 4s 103 Amalgamated ' .". . C4%
Mex Cent 4s. ..... . 83 ¦ B»ltlc ....... ... . I M^
K E Gas & Coke.. 50% Blngham : .. 2S
Railroads — " ' Calumet & Hecla. C00
Atchison ..... .77% Centennial ..;...; 20%
. do prefd ....... »T% Copper Range . 80
Boston & Albany. 264%'Dom Coal .;137
Boston & Maine.. 1»4% Daly West :. 40
Boston Elevated. .169 Isl« Royale ..:... 16 :
N Y N H & H...215% Mohawk .¦ 3t%
Fitchburg prefd.. 147% Old Dominion .... 22 Vi
* Union Pacific ¦ . . .'.101% Osceola ...... . . .-. C2
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, ' per pound, .• In 100-lb
bags: Cubes. A.» Crushed. and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy . Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated "Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse 4.25c;. Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' 'A. 4,25c; Magnolia A,. 3.85c:
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "£>,".
3.55c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more.- for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes,
5c Der lb. No order taken for less th^n 75
barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk,
131,4c; Pearl- Oil. In cases, 20c: Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk; 15 %c;
In cases, 22c; Benzine.. in bulk. 14V4c; in cases,
21c; SC-degree Gasoline, In bulk.- 20c; in cases.
26^c. '.: -• •
TURPENTINE — 70c per : gallon In cases and
64c in drums and iron barrels. .¦-*. ,•¦•,-'
OIL — California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, tn barrels, boiled
7 tic ; raw; 74c ; cases, ! 5c . more ; Lucol, 6Cc for
boiled and 04c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases, 95c;
China Nut, 57%@68c per. gallon; purcNeats
foot. In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per, gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47 %c; Co
coanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c
for Australian. ' • ' . . ¦
COAL— Wellington. ?9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $a 50:
Koslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $3; Walls
«-nd, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $S 50;
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
I-ennsylvania Anthracite Egg, — —', Welsh
Anthracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per, ton; Coke. $15
per ton in bulk and $17 in sack.?: Rocky Mount
ain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50
per ton. according to brand. * '.¦* . ' .* ¦
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July,. 6c; San
Quentln. 5.55c: Wool Bags. 32®35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@Sa
General Merchandise.
-.. ; ;
Wheat— . '-.'"' -:•*-. May... ' • • July.
Opening ...:...:;..'.'....... 5 11# . 510%
Closing .......::•. . .'; : . •. /. . . D 11 % 0 10%
.- PARIS. '
Wheat — • April. Sept. -Dec'
Opening 22 05 20 55
Closing .........'........... 22 15 ¦ --¦• 20 B5 •
Flour —
Opening 20 85. '..•.¦. .26 45 :
Closing :. 20 85 20 45
' Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.-
CHICAGO, Aorll 3.— CATTLE jrj Receipts,
10,000; 10c to 15c lower.'. Good to crime steers,
$0 C0@7 25;' »oor to medium, .- $1 25@0 50:
stockers and feeders, '. $2 50@5 ; | cows, .. $1 25®
550; heifers, $2 50@6 10; canners, . $1 25@
2 40; bulls. " $2 50@5 25 ; :' calves. V $3 ' 50®C 25;'
Texas fed steers,- $5 25@6; Western steers, hay
fed, : ?4 90©«.- . ; . - '/• . . . ... : ; ¦; .: \
j HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23,000;; to-morrow,
25 Ot'O; left over, 1C00; 5c to 10c lower. Good
to choice heavy, $(i KO®? ;; rough heavy, $G 50®
8 75; lisht, $0 4U@0 70; bulk of sales, $0 05
@U 85. " . . ' ' ¦ ., ¦ .. >¦ :
SHEEP^Recelpts, . 13,000. Strong; lambs
steady. '¦¦¦¦ Good to . choice wethers, $5 25@5 90;
fair ' to • choice -wethers, $4 50@5 25; Western
sheep and yearlings, $4 50@ti; native lambs,
$4 50<SO 85; Western lambs. $5 25@6 85.
ST. JOSEPH. : :
ST. JOSEPH,' Mo., April 3.— CATTLE — Re
ceipt?, 1500. Steady to ¦' 10c lower. ¦. Natives,
55 50@C 90; cows and heifers,, $1 50®8 25;
veals, ?3 50@0; stockers and feeders, $2® 5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 0600; 10c to 15c lower.
Light and light mixed, $0 50@6 SO; medium
and heavy, ?5ffT(J 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4800. Steady to 10c
lower. - " , . /
continue"! to drop. . There was no change in the
general conditions affecting che»fpeculative sit
uation." . .: ¦ • ' . '¦ - -
The bond market was not very ac.ive. but
there was a well distributed demand. Total
sales,. $3, 620, 000. :
Ur.itfrt States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. . : : •}-.
Silver and Exchange show very little variation.
Wheat futures opened firm' and closed weak.
Barley and Oats very firm, with reduced supplies.
Corn weaker and quieter. Rye as before quoted.
Rolled Barley hardening. Hay, Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans continue weak, with increasing fluctuations;
Butter, Cheese and' Eggs about as before quoted, ' . ; ¦
Hops, Hides and Wool unchanged.
Provisions lower at Chicago and being cut here.
Potatoes steadier. Onions quiet. Vegetables firm.
Oranges in diminishing supply and strong.' Lemons' easier.
Increasing activity in the oil stocks.
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
1000 Junction (b 00) 21
1C0O Occidental of "\V ""Va.""!IIII"II IS
9000 Petroleum Center (b 00) JO
2000 Petroleum Center (i 90) 00
1000 Petroleum Center ............... CO
550O Petroleum Center (cash) CO
50G Sovereign 30
COO Sterlfng 1 45
COO Sterling (b 90) 1 50
; ¦ ' - Afternoon Session.
, Board-^— ' r
SOO Four ".." 51
10O Junction ..'.:. 20
-75 Kern •. 500
50 Peerless (b »0) ;. .-."- 6 75 .
lOtti .Petroleum Center (s CO): . 00"
CCO R«*d Crude .'34
100 Sterling (b 00) ...,.;....;....... ) BO
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.. • .-;
BOO Belcher ... .... - 04 600 Mexican ... , : . 45
300 Caledonia ... -40 500 Silver Hill .. 45
700 Gould & Cur 07 100 Union Cony.. ZS
500 Mexican 44 20O Union, s 10... 23
• ¦ Afternoon Session.
.100 Best & Belch 25 60O*ould- & Cur OT
200 Challenge ... 18 100 Accidental ..« OS
ICO Con C & V.I 25 800 Potosl ....... 15
200 C C & V. bOO.1'30 500 Union Con .. 25
.400 Crown Point. 0.1 '
Followinar were the sales In the Pacific Stcc'*
Exchange yesterday:.- .. .
Morning Session.'
700 Belcher ..... 04r 200 Ophir ....... 04
500Best & Belch : 25 300 Ophir ....... 05
-400 Con C & V.I 27^' 500 Overman .... ©«
500 Mexican . /. . . 2t SOO Sierra Nev. . . 21
300 Ophir 93 . :
.,.- -..-Afternoon Sesicn.
300 Belcher ..... W 300 Hale •&, Norcs Zl
200 Best & Belch 2« 21)0 Ophir ..: 91
300 Chollar ...... 12 COO Overman .... 07
500 Chollar . . 11 700 Potdsl 15
100 Con C & Va.l SO SCO Sierra Nev... 24
500 Crown Point. «! 600 Stiver HIU ... 4«
BOO Gould & Cur. , 07 2C0 Silver Hill ... 47
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, April 3—* p. m.
Bld.Ask.; .--;. - '-'., Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 08 •«»
Alta 05 Or, Kentuck .... 01 02
Andes 04 05 'Lady Wash .. — 04
Beleher 03 04 1 Mexican 43 4 V
Best & Belch 25 2rt Occidental ..OS 0»
Bullion ...... 02 03 Ophir 85 !Mt
Caledonia 43 44 Overman .... 06 C8
Challenge Con - 15 17 1 Potosl ....... 14 15
Chollar ..:... 11 . 12 Savage ..'.... 04 fi5
Confidence .. CO 64 Scorptsn ..... — 04
Con C & Va.l 25 1 30 Segr Belcher.. 01 OM
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra N«vada 24 25
Con NY .... 01 02 Silver fill* . . 47 4S
Crown Point. 02 03 St Louis .^T. 00 —
Eareka Con.. IS — Syndicata ... 00 —
Exchequer — • 01 Union Con .. 24 25
Gould & Cur OS 09 Utah...- 04 05
Halo & N6rcs 22 2* Yellow Jacket 14 13
Julia .-.: — 04
Mexican Cent .... 29 ~/s Parrot 28
Miscellaneous— Qulncy . . . . .-. 125
Am Sugar 13«% Santa -Fe Copper. 3 .
do prefd no% Tamarack .178
Am Tel & Tel 182V* Trimountain .....105
J_>cm Iron & Steel. 62% Trinity : .... 14
uen Electric ... ..323V 4 United States. ...-. 18%
Mas>s Electric . . . ; 39% Utah .'.". ' .22%
do prefd ....... 07% Victoria ..-.....;. 5%
NEQ&Coke.... 6V. Winona 1%
Lnlted Fruit 192 Wolverine ....... 53
US Steel 42>4 Franklin ..'12%
do prefd 94&
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 94% N Y Central. .... .1G7
do for acct 94% Norf & Western.. 57%
Anaconda ....... 5% do prefd .....:. 92
Atchison r>9 Ontario & West. . 33%
do prefd «K)»/4 Pennsylvania..... 76%
Bait & Ohio . .108)4 Reading ....29 ,
Can Pacific 118% do 1st prefd. . . . • 4l1i
Ches & Ohio. .... 46% do 2d prefd. . . : 34-%
Chi Gt Western... 24 % Southern Ry 33*2
CM&St Paul. . .HfO\ do prefd . ... . . . 90%
Den & R G 43% Southern Pac ¦««%
do prefd • 93 % Union Pacific .... 102%'
Erie v 37% do prefd . . :". .'. . 00
/do 1st prefd 70% US Steel; ....... 43 ft
do 2d prefd f 55% - do prefd ... O«Tf,
Illinois Cent 1444 Wabash .. 23%
Louis & Nash 108 do preld ... 4:{
Mo Kan & Texas. 24% Spanish 4s .....:. 77%
do prefd 05%
Bar silver, steady^ 24%ft per ounce. Money,
2% per cent: . . v -
The rate of discount in the,; open market -for
sHort bills is 2%©2% per. cent. . .
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills is 2^' per cent.
New York Money Market..
NEW YORK. April .' 3.— Money on call,
steady, at 3^@4 per cent; closing bid and
asked at 3%@4 per. cent. Prime mercantile pa
per, 4%@5 per cent. Sterling exchange, firm,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%
@4 88 for demand and at $4 85%@4 85% for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 86 and $4 83%.
Commercial bills. $4 84%@4, 85%. Bar silver,
54c. , Mexican, dollars, 43c. • ¦ - ¦ - '."¦•
Government bonds, steady; State bonds, In
active; railroad bonds, firm. . ¦•.¦•• ' '. •
London Market.
| NEW YORK, April 3.— The Commercial Ad
'vertiser's-London" financial cablegram says:
i -.' The stock market was inanimate pending def
inite peace news. American ' shares are simply
waiting -New- York's -lead. ' Grand Trunk was
buoyant on the : bumper traffic returns. Paris
bid up Rio Tintos to 44%, but Anaconda hung
backhand copper was unchanged. /¦
' The. market has repaid only two-thirds of .the
large amount due the bank. Gold' to the amount
of £50,000 has been received from Egypt.
The Indian banks have reduced the discount
rate from 7 to 6 per cent. ¦ \
The exchange is exasperated over the com
mittee's order that the junior clerks .shall wear'
badges to prevent them from loitering.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, April 3.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances shows: Available cash
balance, $179,038,554; gold, $96,405,033. •
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. April 3. — Cotton closed barely
steady, with, prices 4 points higher to 1 point
lower. -.-.-, »
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
The ' following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered . at : San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: - - — -
CATTLE— Steers. 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.. ,
• CALVES — !%@5%c per lb (gross weight}..
SHEEP — Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes. 3%@4c.per
lb (gross weight). • - : - -
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50@2 75 per
head pr f>%@tJc per lb . Uveweight; yearlings.
4%@5c per lb. -¦ ' ' ' ' - • "
HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6%
@6%c; 200 lbs over, 6V»@«%c; feeders.
5%Wt>&c- sows, 20 per cent off; boars. 50, per
cent off, and stags 40 per cent oft from the
above quotations. ¦ . • . , . . . :
Receipts ht Hogs" continue light and the mar
ket rules firm. " Lambs continue weak . under
Increasing: arrivals. There Is nothing new In
the other descriptions. - - ..-'
.' . . " •. ; DRESSED MEATS.
i Wholesale rates - from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6®7c per lb
for Cows, ¦¦¦i.i'imtg*
¦ VEAL— Large. <¦ 8®8%c; small. S%@10c per
pound. - : • .¦- - ¦
; MUTTON— Wethers, S%@O%c; Ewes, 8@S£c
per pound. •
LAMB — Yearlings, 9@10c per lb; • Spring
Lamb. 11%@12%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
San 'Francisco Meat Market.
!0@25c- Cheese, steady. 12@13c - Eggs, steady
resh, 10@19%c. - \ '
THE SAN"; FRAjSTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ABKIL 4, 1902;
Foreign Futures:
New York Grain and Produce.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
11
Wheat No. 2— .'
Articles — Open. High. . 1^6 w. Close.
May 71% 72% 71% 71%
July 72% 72% 71% 72
September ..... 72% '73 71% 72
Corn No. 2 — ¦•
May .-. C0% C0% G9% 59%
July...-. eiy* «ivi •<»%.-..¦•: oo%
September ..... 59% 60%- 69% 69%
Oats No. 2 —
May 42% ,_ 43%. 42% 42%
July . 34% 34% -.«4JK 84%
September..... 29% 29% 2»% 29y4
Mes3 Pork, per barrel — •
May .16 70 16 70 16 45 1645
July 16 87% 16 87% 10 07% 10 57%
Lard, per 100 pounds — • ¦ , -
May 0 70 0 77%- 9 70 9 CO
July 9 82% -9 87% -9 70 9 70
September 9 90 9 05 9 77% 9 77%
-Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— .
May ..•: 8 97% 8 97% 8 87% , 8 87%
July ............9 05 9 10 8 97% 9 00
September ..... 9 17% 9 17% 9 05 -9 07%
THE COAST RECORD.
ETATTOXSL
3
3
9
A
t
Bg 33
I 1 1 3
c e
3 3
a
09
I
o
a
.
Baker ..
Carson .
Eureka .
Fresno .
Flagstaff
Pocatello
IndeperKi
Los Ar.pe
Hhoenlx
Portland
Ked B!u!
RoEeburg
Salt Lak
i^an Frar
P. L. Ofc
Fan Dleg
Peattle .
Bpokane
N'eih Ea
Walla W
Winnemi
Turaa . .
r"!
j.
ek
;ff'.
E .
r.t<
ce.
nr;
Ua
?o.
'.>¦•
\"a
uc
'id',
nee
0. .
o .
¦iscc
ilia."
..SO. 02
..ao.oo
..30.00
...TO. 10
..:«). 04
..2».JKS
...30.00
.29.»C
..SO. 08
..29.90
. .S0.C2
..SO. 06
...10.00
..30.10
. ..10.00
0.30.14
..30.12
..so. on
...10.02
..SO. 00
..SO. 00
..T.0.00
-.23.08
..2».8O
ss
50
r.c
.v>
70
C2
5$
C6
C4
R2
:,<¦>
oo
sc
€2
00
C2
cs
CO
r.s
00
40
«0
60
84
4<J SW Pt.Cldy .00
30 SB Cloudy T.
34 SW Cloudy .00
48 SW Cloudy .78
38 NW Pt.Cldy .00
SO SW Clear .00
32 SW Clear T.
30 S Pt.Cldy .00
42 W Pt.Cldy .00
48 NW Clear .00
42 W Pt.Cldy .02
48 SE Cloudy .34
34 SE Pt.Cldy .OS
46 S Cloudy T.
3.8 NW Clear .00
50 SW Cloudy T.
36 W Pt.Cldy .00
48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
36 S Rain .10
SO SW Cloudy T.
44 E Cloudy .12
42 W Cloudy T.
22 SW CJoudy .00
46 W Clear .00
Wheat No. 2— .'
Articles — Open. High. . 1^6 w. Close.
May 71% 72% 71% 71%
July 72% 72% 71% 72
September ..... 72% '73 71% 72
Corn No. 2 — ¦•
May .-. C0% C0% G9% 59%
July...-. eiy* «ivi •<»%.-..¦•: oo%
September ..... 59% 60%- 69% 69%
Oats No. 2 —
May 42% ,_ 43%. 42% 42%
July . 34% 34% -.«4JK 84%
September..... 29% 29% 2»% 29y4
Mes3 Pork, per barrel — •
May .16 70 16 70 16 45 1645
July 16 87% 16 87% 10 07% 10 57%
Lard, per 100 pounds — • ¦ , -
May 0 70 0 77%- 9 70 9 CO
July 9 82% -9 87% -9 70 9 70
September 9 90 9 05 9 77% 9 77%
-Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— .
May ..•: 8 97% 8 97% 8 87% , 8 87%
July ............9 05 9 10 8 97% 9 00
September ..... 9 17% 9 17% 9 05 -9 07%
THE COAST RECORD.
ETATTOXSL
3
3
9
A
t
Bg 33
I 1 1 3
c e
3 3
a
09
I
o
a
.
Baker ..
Carson .
Eureka .
Fresno .
Flagstaff
Pocatello
IndeperKi
Los Ar.pe
Hhoenlx
Portland
Ked B!u!
RoEeburg
Salt Lak
i^an Frar
P. L. Ofc
Fan Dleg
Peattle .
Bpokane
N'eih Ea
Walla W
Winnemi
Turaa . .
r"!
j.
ek
;ff'.
E .
r.t<
ce.
nr;
Ua
?o.
'.>¦•
\"a
uc
'id',
nee
0. .
o .
¦iscc
ilia."
..SO. 02
..ao.oo
..30.00
...TO. 10
..:«). 04
..2».JKS
...30.00
.29.»C
..SO. 08
..29.90
. .S0.C2
..SO. 06
...10.00
..30.10
. ..10.00
0.30.14
..30.12
..so. on
...10.02
..SO. 00
..SO. 00
..T.0.00
-.23.08
..2».8O
ss
50
r.c
.v>
70
C2
5$
C6
C4
R2
:,<¦>
oo
sc
€2
00
C2
cs
CO
r.s
00
40
«0
60
84
4<J SW Pt.Cldy .00
30 SB Cloudy T.
34 SW Cloudy .00
48 SW Cloudy .78
38 NW Pt.Cldy .00
SO SW Clear .00
32 SW Clear T.
30 S Pt.Cldy .00
42 W Pt.Cldy .00
48 NW Clear .00
42 W Pt.Cldy .02
48 SE Cloudy .34
34 SE Pt.Cldy .OS
46 S Cloudy T.
3.8 NW Clear .00
50 SW Cloudy T.
36 W Pt.Cldy .00
48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
36 S Rain .10
SO SW Cloudy T.
44 E Cloudy .12
42 W Cloudy T.
22 SW CJoudy .00
46 W Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
JTIST* AUniVKD. carload of. th» F1NKST
WORK. CARRIAGE and DRIVING HORSES
ever brouprht to this market, weights from
1150 to 1R00. all itound arfl broken. SANT.V
CLARA MTTvK CO.. 721-723 Howard street.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAi:t., FRIDAY, APRIL 4, 1902.
12
*AN FRANCISCO CALL. - t j
IttTSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third *tre*w: open
vr.tll 12 o'clock every n'pht la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery rtreet,
correr Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until H:"JO p. m.
C3S. McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
M5 Larkui street; open until 9".:{0 p. m.
1SU Miff ion fctreet; open until 10 p. tn.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
100 Eleventh rtreet: open until 9 p. a.
10SC Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etrceu; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmcre street; open until 9 p. m.
' JUJifciTI-NtJ NOT1CKS. ¦ '¦¦¦
CALIFORNIA Commander}' No. 1. K. -«.
T. 8 Post st. — iiegular assembly ySB^
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. 7 :M OJ
o'clock. Order of the Temple. AH e»
fratcrs cordialiy invited. By order of w .
the co:nm^j I^ AM T GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 30, F. and • '
aT M.— Called meeUns THIS (FRI- Jfo
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. De- J^fc
gree First. Uy order of the YV . M. ' .^r
EDWIN L. MEIER, Secretar>-.
MISSION L^dge No. 1C3. F. and A. M.— • j
Officers and members are hereby notl- _£'4 #
fled to attend the funeral ol : our _de- 'ftj*
ceased brother. JOHN GEORGE
CARR. from the hall of this lodge, on FRI-
DAY, at 1 :30 p. m. By order the V. . M. .
Et. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O.
F — Third (.id) Degree THIS '
(FRIDAY) EVKflNG. April 4.
Memorial Hail. » o'clock. Mslt- "" ,.
ing brethren cordlaUy Q j
W. F. NORCRQSS. Keccrdlas Secretary. |
6an Francisco Tent no. is. k.
O. T. M.— Review THIS < FRIDAY) "<^«fi3k I
EVENING al t> o'clock. Pioneer |*^§1j5j j
Hall. -'4 Fourth rt. v£»3cw ¦
H. H. CASTLE. |
Record Ke?i>er. " n i
REGULAR meetins of the Caledon- . j
ian Club THIS EVENING. «t 8 5, uwi
o'clock. Y. C. LAWSON will en- "£k31^ '
tertain "under pood of the club." ,
Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin B t.
A. M. MACi'HKRSON. Cblef. !
JAS. H. DUNCAN, Secretan'.
THE California Debris Corartiiselon having re- ;
ceived applications to mine by the hydraultc I
process from" E. J. ChsJIen and John A. '
Tuckev in the Topaz Centennial mine, nenT j
Quincy. Plumas County, to deposit tailings i
behind the <*.am of the Quincy Mining and ]
Water Company. In Wauponsie Creek, and \
from Louis W. Clark and B. D. Dobyns. in 1
the Golden ¦ Needle mine, near Brownsville.;
Yuba County, to deposit tailings in Dry j
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be i
held at room 04. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on April 14. 1002. at 1:30 p. m. \
THE er.nual meeting of the members of the J
Society cf Progressive Spiritualists will be !
held at their office. S.'!22 Seventeenth St.; I
BirN'DAY, April 13. at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m., for the purpose ol electing a Board of t
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such business as may i
c<;xr.e before the meeting. :
JOHN KOCH. Secretary. j
ENGROSSING. I
Resolutions, etc. in flrst-cla«s manner. J. W. j
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College 24 Post -t. I
— — — — — —^»»— — -^^— — ¦ i
AGENTS WANTED. i
AGENTS— $10 daily, introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses,
banks, churches, private & public, buildings
buy ct right; these burners are what the peo-
ple are looking for: they do not require a !
chimneycto break)or wick to trim. & make no I
emoke or dirt: fit any coal oil lamp without j
exj^nse or trouble. & produce best, cheapest |
& cleanest light: it is a frreat money maker !
for agents; £00 per cent profit; write at once :
& pet to work right away; sample free. En- J
terprise Mf*f. Co.. B. 867. Cincinnati. Ohio.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor ut.
ATTORXEYS LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613: a ' caees; damages, estates, wills, mort- i
pag^f, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn;, consultation. free; !
i no advarce charges; open eve's; call or write. ¦
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quici:qulet:
no charge •without success; established 16 yrs. :
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton. ;
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees; i
BC c*fts. J. U. THURSTON. 819 Market sr.
ni'yiNKS?* CHANCES— -Contlno^d.
NQTICE: to buyers — It will pay you to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO., ."518 Kearny st., room 1. • .' ' ¦
A— NOTICE to buyers and sellers: JehnLun-
dln U not In my employ or connected . with
-my office In whatever business he may trans-
act. P. S. DE LUCA. 31S Kearny/Bt. - . ."
JSOO— CONCERT hall en sporting location, with
an fiiirigh.t Gillman piano, new cash register;
rurhiRK business: positively clears over $300
month: fixtures alone worth' the money;! rent
*40: great chance; don't miss. it. P. S. DE
LUCA' & CO.. 3 IS Kearny St.. room 1.
NOTICE to sel'ers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will etand Investiga-
tion. i>. S. de Luca & Co., 31S Kearny, r. 1.
A— $250: BRANCH bakery, dairy produce and
Jelicatessen: good location: low rent; sure
bu&it'Ct-s: any one can run it" and ¦ clear $i»<)
_l>er_mc-nth. jJC._KENNY. 75 Third at.
A — $300-. CIGAR store:- fine, business corner:
low rent; laundry agency pays all expenses;
doing a cigar trade of $10 to $12 per. day;
positively clearing $70 per month: best reas-
ons for selling K. KENNY. 75 Third St..
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legltl-
mute business or want a partner In any fair-
liayin? business s?e K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
,Cash customers" waiting; established IStiS.
JOSEPH STRAUB. .
•S50 Market et., corner Stockton. '
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Leans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent.
A PROTESTANT Ckrlstian man ¦ or ¦ woman
with $2000 or more to back up a new busi-
ness should investigate my proposition. Ad-
¦ dress box 4677, Call offlce.
t"'~'t- WILL buy a coffee and chop house; doing
nice business. Apply 796 Folsom st.
FOR SALE — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
loli of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Audress Grocery, box 165. Vallejo. Cal.
A FIRST-CLASS meat market doing 'a good
business ; owner has other interests and
wishes to retire from business. .For particu-
lars inquire at this office. ' - ,
WANTED — Wholesale lhiuor store or first-class
Baloon; must clear over $300 month. Ad-
dress with full particulars box 4701, Call.
PERSON wants to exchange city paper route
for country route. Box 4662, Call office.
FOR sale^ — Good paying restaurant. 416 '3d st.;
living rooms; owner going north. '. -'.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received a: Call branch office. C2U0 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOOtl
Valencia st. • ¦ '
LO»GI.\G-HOi;.SES l'Olt SALIC
ANY of the following on monthly payments:
25 rooms; clears $125 ....$1250
35 rccms: n*ar Market; snap 2100
125 rooms; clears $450; only 7000
30 Moms; clears $150; payments ....... 1500
a rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only. 375
32 rooms: Powell; big transient trade.. 3500
20 rooms; clears $75; only 350
40 rooms; clears $108 800
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531. .
900 Market St.. cor. Ellis.
$500 — 8 ¦ ROOMS; clears $100;- big transient
trade. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF,
1020 MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST.
(Phctograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only. $350
24 rooms; rent $55: central 1650
3S rocms; rent $80: money-maker .. 2250
31 rooms; rent $100; Just listed ... . 2100
50C other houses on our llst v to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
£50 Market 6t — (Inc.). .Phone -Davis 281.
Reliable- dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
> Loan Money at lowest rates.
¦ Something new every day.
I '. • New houses to lease. ' "" »."\V
i A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and S Stockton St., ¦• V '•
Rooma 21. 22. 23.- Phone Bush^28.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to eeli, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
I you; have tiargains in hotels, lodging-houses,"
i flats: all siz.es and prices; In all parts of city; ¦
| A— Near The Call building.
; - Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
i MARION GRIFFIN, 710 Market Ft., rms. 1-2.
! ¦ MONEY TO LOAN.
! Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
! . All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
J MnHmnP I. rr\ Tg^. MarVi>> Cnns h,rrolt,».
WHEN you become disgusted with poor, work
. send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpct-beat-
• ing Works, 353-357 Tehama rt. ; t'-l. South 10.
Karlson karpet Co.— Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market. bet.Sth&9th;teI.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning. 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th Bt.: tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co..' 402 Sutter st. :>
tel. Main .104.- GEO. WALCOM & CO.;, Prop.'
RUDOLPH & CO. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Missioii 263..
CITY Steam Carpet-beating . Works. , G. H.,
; STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49- |
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning; Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126. -'
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and - Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
_ DENTISTS. '"^
A — DR.T?S. HIGGINS, »27 Market st.'.'Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other
nilingB, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5'
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up.
¦ • -Painless extraction. ;¦ ¦
I do firet-clas=s work only and,guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best ciowns, plates, bridges
nnd nillriKs; extractions or lilline •. by my
. wonderful secret, pnlnUss method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St. '.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOU Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 WJ
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to !» p. m. ; Sundays.
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. P. D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 0 Turk St., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant.' K. C. AKDEH-
PON, D. D. S.. proprietor and manager.'
A NEW' plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 00; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth at.
SEE my new i pink Ivory plates; see my . new ;
unbreakable bridge; both warranted llfetlire;';
crowns, $2: fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown. 51 Sixth. \
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
• Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
DR.R.L. WALSH.. S47 Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less ext., 50c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary «t.— Expert
workman Fhiu only; reasonable: hours v 10 to 4.
MEYER/ 40 O'Farrell; late of 6 Turk St.—
JCrown and bridge work: gas . specialist.
SET of teeth without- olate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNO. 1841 Polk st. .
nitESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRKSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School;
corset making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
HOCi HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by drUKgi'ts ,
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave. .
KUUCAT1ONAL.
H^ATD^S~S^HBolLr^F^L^CTRlcAXr^NGn,
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory • and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F.;
catalogue free. ¦ -
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— S8 per. month; $50 life scholarship guaran-'
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, . arithmetic, penmanship,
•spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers,;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
PRIVATE Instructions in physical culture for
ladies given by MISS FLORENCE A. BUR-
NETT, recently from New York. For terma
end information kindly address 1226 - Octa-
•via . st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night'; catalogue free.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions in March; rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College, 1236 Market.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and. medical
colleges; references". President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦ '
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
GOLDEN Gate College. 530 Golden Gate ave:.
San Francisco— One month free to those en-
tering for six months; bookkeeping or short-
hand course; positions soon as qualified.
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED— -31 ACE. .
RELIABLE | German- American wishes position
¦ as collector or .business agent, with responsi-
ble firm : ; best of. references and bonds given
; -If. required;;. Box 47a'{. Call "of flee, i.y. ¦;'¦
COOK'S -helper or short order cook ;' young
3 man, German, with . good experience on the
' range-, desires position; city or country. 1 Box
4730, Call office. ._¦" .:'.:=... ..-,' ¦ ¦".: '
CARRIAGE "smith wants Job; experienced
workman. AddressJAMES McGUIRE. Rus.i
• House. • , . ; ,-* . - ¦•;¦'.
BUSINESS man 'wants management of estate,
ranch or hotel; references. Address box 4674.
" Call' office. ':' '
BOY 18. t with training In- drawing and trac-
•ing,' desires vrork In architect's or<englneer's
office. Address box 4076. Call office. :.* \' .
TWO first-class mechanics 'want painting, | pa-
•perhanging, 'etc. ;Z city *> or "C country; price
moderate. .Box 4675. Call office. / / .
SITUATION wanted by competent laboring ex-
, . tract maker. I Address A: B.', Postofflce, sub-
station No.- 29. -. . . '¦ '.? ¦ ¦_¦ '
CARPENTER, experienced Jobbing hand, want*
. employment. .- Box 4706, .Call office.
YOUNG boy 17 wants work on delivery. wagon;
good driver. 225 Eleventh: st. , .
SITUATION.' by middle-aged single man about
.' private .place ;* good driver; good^ gardener;
can milk; handy-r'good references. Box -4654.
y Call office. . -y- . . \ - -
COMPLETE first and well-experienced gar-
i dener - in all the f various branches • of hortl-
¦ .culture and pleasure grounds decoration, who
shows .the .best references," needs situation;
private place preferred. Address LOUI3
KNOAF, St. Helena Sanitarium. Cal.
SOBER, steady, jj middle-aged I man, ¦ German,
wishes a" place as silverman, porter or night
¦watchman: best of references. Address G.
MYER; 021 California st. -¦ • v^
GARDENER.'first-class, strlctfy sober and re-
-. liable, can furnish the ; best of . references,
' wishes position private place or Institution.
Address S.' P;, box 4G69, Call. ¦
INDUSTRIOUS gardener, understands care of
'] horses, buggies, cows, vegetables, lawn, flow-,
j ers; In private family; willing and obliging;
references; country preferred. Box 4642. Call.
OFFICE man wants position; .foreign expsrl-
..•ence; banking, . commerce correspondent In
several languages; bank references. Address
. box 4655, Call office. ,- -
POSITION as cook for 24 students or a ranch,
a camping or surveying party. Address box
4606. Call office. .... ....
¦A RELIABLE and trustworthy person wants a
) position as night watchman, etc. ; has Al ref-
\ erences. Address E. J. BRUL. 324 Bush st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements "and I subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -.. ¦. ; . . ¦ .• ¦
FLATS TO LET.
A — SEE the ' elegant new flats on - Washington
st., near Lyon; 7 rooms, • bath, marine view.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. .
A — BRAND new flats. 4 to 8 rooms; 539 to 547
, Frederick st. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A — CALL and - see us ' for new flats, cozy . cot-
tages, houses. SPECK & CO., C67 Market st.
FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new 6- i
- room flat; all rooms with bay windows open-
Ing on park: sun all day; -10 minutes to City.
Hall on Halght-st. cars. 47 Portola st., cor-
ner Duboce Park, first corner ¦ west from
Steiner and Waller gts. : ' , . :
FOR rent — 2615-2617 Devlpadero st.. 2 hand-
eome new flats; upper 11 rooms and 2 baths,
rent, $75; lower 9 rooms and bath, rent $00;
separate entrances ; marine \'lew. LYON &
• KOAG. ¦ 114 Montgomery st. - . ,
FLAT. 5 rooms and bath. $12; also 2-story
stable suitable for carpenter shop, $5; Scan-
. dlnavian- preferred. : 024 Shotwell st., near
Twenty- fourth; large garden.
HAYES, 1749, near park — Modern- sunny flat,
5 rooms, bath ; $20, water free. .
SUNNY flat of C rooms and bath; large stable;
rent $25. 2040 Howard, bet. 25th and 26th.
SUNNY upper flat, 5 rooms, yard; rent reason-
able. ' 126V4 Fern ave., off Van Ness ave. . ,
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms; stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $18. r 1181 A Howard, st.
$27- f>0— MODERN light flat, 8 rooms and bath.
1128 Howard St.. rv-ar Seventh. .'¦.
FLATS 1O L.1ST KUKMSHKU. '¦••"
~— — i. - -.-, i.*.* A ¦-- -.-...
MODERN upper 6-room flat to let. furnished,
or will sell furniture; sun in every room all
day. , Call 119 Bartlett eU v
> . ¦* ¦ \
¦ rtP.I,P WA.\TED— -FRM » I.Tq— Cow. j
EXPERIENCED stitcher on t men's , and
women's shoes and operators on eyelet ma-
chine; good wages; steady employment.- "'
- ' ':'., ':;-. .The Royal, 50 Third et.
WANTED— Girl for general housework ; 4 la
family; $25. Call NE.'cor. Twenty-fifth and
Fair Oaks. - : -,..j , -v*
LADY to assist in chemical work; no experi-
ence necessary. > Call after 9 a. m., 203 Post
St., room.4. . r> -^_ .. : .
WANTED-^-Three Protestant girls, pantry and
dining-room, institution. Alameda County,
$20. Address E. P.. box 4734, Call office. -
COMPETENT waitress .and 1 chambermaid
wanted." Call 1 to 8 p. m. ; 171S ' Pine St.;
car fare paid. \ , '
GIRLS about c 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS ;' &
CO., 32'^ Fremont. St., MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Experienced shirt makers. EAG-
.!_ LESON & CO.; 535 Market st. ' . -r : .-
WANTED — Ironer and mangle girls at 3372 .
- Mission Bt. : - *-;/.- -
WANTED — Good * hand on dressmaking." 782 :
' Genry st., bet.: Hyde and Leavenworth. ' .
GOOD maker wanted in millinery store at 602
'; McAllister St. >.';-- ' •
FIRST-CLASS alteration hanSs on cloaks. M.
. SIMINOFF, 1228 Market st.
WANTED— First-class dressmakers; also an
apprentice. 2208 Geary st. •. ..
APPRENTICE girl; plain sewing. 1817 Devls-
st.; call after 0 o'clock. '-.'•¦
GLOVEMAKERS:" steady work on dry threaS
machine. Excelsior Glove Co., 415 Market st.
FINISHERS on coats. 344 Tehama st. • •
COMPETENT person to care for an Infant.
Call during forenoon at 2003 Lyon st." ' . ¦. • ,
BUTTONHOLE •' makers ¦ and apprentice on
vests; good wages. 7C6 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED' woman • for housekeeping;
small family.,'. Inquire in store, 2S7 Natoma, '
YOUNG girl for light housework. 3 Frankfort
ave., off 13th, bet: Howard and Mission, j ¦
GIRL for general housekeeping In family of 2
adults: and 2 'children. 1228 Pierce st. ,
YOUNG woman : to ; train ¦ for nurse in general
hospital; name, address.- Box 473S. Call.-
FINISHERS oh coats and pants, steady work
. guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market St.; : . , -¦
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests, steady work
• guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 -
Market et. . . » >.- , ; .-".,¦'.¦
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit altera-
tion hand. Apply between 8 and ll'a. m.
at HALE BROS'.
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find- plenty
of good-paying . work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32% Fremont St., MR. DAVIS. '/..
WANTED — 3 girls to learn hairdressing, mai-
! sage, manicure, . switch, wig, making. In 2
¦ wks.; take charge of private customers; aa-
t sured $50 per mo.; course $5; day, eve. class:
bring ad; worth $1. Coilege.233 Geary, r.13-15.
WANTED — Experienced' -examiners on shirts;
also girls to fold; paid by the day. 'Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and- 31 Battery .st.
WHOLESALE house desires services of s»lf-
I reliant woman of pleasing address for a po-
... sltlon of trust. Box 4633. Call office. :
OPERATORS on overalls; experience' not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS ffi'CO., 32ft Fremont
St., MR. DA VIS.
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping; $12
month. Ca)l or address 710 Lombard st.
COMPETENT girl, housework, and cooking for
2; cottage. Apply mornings; 1922 Baker st.
WANTED — Milliner's apprentice; one that can
sew. 1C03 Fillmore et. ' . ;
BRIGHT, young girl to -press children's wear.
220 Sutter St., room 25. -
EXPERIENCED waist trimmers and finishers,
. also sleeve finishers wanted. COX, 1514 Pine.
YOUNG girl for light housework. . 1053 Market
St., upstairs. ., ¦ . - .
WANTED — First-class - tailoress to help on
pants and vests. o 439 Bush st. '¦'¦
FRENCH-SPEAKING dry goods saleslady
wanted. Box 4648. Call office. \
FIRST-CLASS3 button-hole maker ~> wanted;
wages $12 to $14 week. 509 Kearny. r. 2.
' WANTED— A girl to do second work and as-
;¦ slst with baby. Call 116 Broderick st.
HRLP WANTED— MAIJE-^Cini^
STcTrT HANSEN^TcoT'S. . . . .104 Geary st.
.... . . .'.. WANTED FOR NEVADA. .. ......
. . .'. ; . . ; .WANTED FOR . NEVADA. . ... : . ¦ •
2000 railroad laborers, teamsters;. ....?i day
' 500 . rockmen. muckers. . . . ... .$2 and Increase
,10 blacksmiths.... ....$•• a-day
Steam-shovel engineers and cranemen
........ .......^t\ $90-$100 and found
2 carpenters .".'................- '•$•* 1^
: 5 more quarrymen, plug & feather work : $2 50
FREE FARE.. SHIP DAILY.. FREE FARE
-100 tunnelmen fbr two new tunnels. $2 to
$2 50 per day; 50 outside laborers around the
' tunnel, $1 75 > a day. ' .
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 hotel clerks and bookkeepers, $00;- second
cooks, broilers and fryers. $10 to $C0; butcher,
country shop. $30: 20 waiters, city and coun-
try. $30 to $45; C neat young men to learn
- waiting, country hotel. $25, free fare; 20
dishwashers, kitchen hands and others. -$20
to- $30; camp waiter. $25; 2 bellboys, city. $lu.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ,.1M Geary St.
WILL be ready for business In our new office
Monday. April the 7th. at 420 Bush St.. be-
tween Kearny and Grant ave.. opposite Cali-
fornia Hotel, where we shall be pleased to see
- all our old patrons and the public in general.
- . . C. R. HANSEN & CO.
EXPERIENCED stitcher on men's and
women's shoes and operators on eyelet ma-
chine; good -wages; steady employment. -
The Royal 50 Third st.
RELIABLE, experienced man for wine house;
understands tending bar and selling Indoors;
only one with recommendable references
need apply; German-speaking preferred. 13
City Hall square. .
NURSERY and florist business for sale; bar-
gain; owner must leave the city by July;
buyer can work himself Into the business by
working for salary until he ' wishes to take
possession. CARLSON, 500 Halght st. -
WANTED— Experienced Job pressman for Uni-
versal press; one who la flrst-clasn on half-
tone color ,work. SANBORN. VAIL & CO.,
741 Market*st. ¦¦ - '. _ :
WANTED — Steady man as partner with $150;
. must be satisfied with $18 to $20 a week; no
night or Sunday work. 36 Geary St., room 1.
WANTED — Salesman familiar with retail gro-
cery business; give reference and wages ex-
pected. Box 4728, Call. . . . . -
MAN that, will loan $200 . to learn barber's
trade; board, room and tools furnished. Box
4640. Call office. .
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
602 Clay st.
GOOD barber wanted. Elite Shaving Parlor,
t] 761 Howard st. • " ¦¦ .;•.-. -..
BARBER for Saturday; 10c shop. S03 Kearny
street. ¦ . •..;:•
BARBER for nights and Saturday from noon.
215 O'Farrell st. " -'- ¦
BARBER wanted at 2809 California rt. -
BILL clerk wanted. Address, stating age and
experience, box 4671, Call. . .
ERRAND boy wanted. 1036 Market st.
YOUNG man to learn kitchen work In restau-
rant. 120 Ninth st.
BLACKSMTTH~apprentlce or helper. 2220 Fpl-
¦ - som st. •«.•.'
WANTED — Walter for lunch and supper. 1507
/ Market st.,~ near Eleventh.
WANTED — Immediately, cashier and man-
ager for dining-room. 531 Ellis st.
BARBERS — When your chairs are broken ad-
dress D. STOLTZ, 723 Market. History bldg.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper .
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wadsworth, Nev.; wages, $2 per. day;
board, $5 25 per week;: $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 26 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO'.. 900 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. ; - . ¦
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the »ges of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
-inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information -apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. .
MEN - to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night;- $1 to $2 per week. ..
WrSES FOR SALE.
NEW house. T rooms: sun all day: fine resi-
dence district: Portola st.. ort_ Wai ««. bet.
Pierce and Steiner. GF.O. MOORK. 63 Portola.
IXVESTMEX'rS. . .
IF"' "you' have money to Invest let THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY. 1.57 Montgomery st..
S. F.. know it. Call or write for particulars.
LOST A\» K«»l'M>-
£oi3T^-Froin~173tr~Golden Gate ave.. fox ter-
rier dog; answers to the name of Nemo; re-
ward. -¦ - ' -.
LOST — A brown cocker spaniel male pup. Re-
turn.to 51i> Cole st.; liberal reward.
LOST— On Gough st., bet. Turk and Goldca
Gate ave.. leather purse containing owner*
card, gold pencil and small change. Return
to 730 Gongh st. and receive reward.
LOST— Sunday, plain gold locket. Initials M.
B. ¦ M. NORTON. 122-132 Sutter St. .
FOUND 2 large brown St. Bernard dogs.
Owner will please call and get his property;
no charge. Tenth and Channel sta.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs o.d
gold and silver to make new watch caaey.
M-\TKI3ION1AL. '
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1S87: reliable *n<*
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTKKS3K3 AXI> PILLOWS.
TO order- also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. ________
Brass. Iron beds: mattresses: pillows: windcrjr
shades. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission; tel. Main <3O.
' MEDICAL.
A DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist.— Ladies all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treatea;
have relieved thousands of most obsttaat*
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. OWN-
NELL, office & residence. 1013 Mkt.. op. atn.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University.
Berlin. In midwifery cases; takes ladles before
and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment, $15; room and board. $5 week; Infant*
, adopted; will take 2 to work at my private resi-
dence. 606 Guerrero St., nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411..
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles* specialist;
30 ytars' experience: instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement:
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 23
¦ • years* successful experience In S. F. M*»
ternlty Home. 906 Market st.. op. 4th; fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and durinc
confinement; best medical care; low fee*.
HJNDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; horn*
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. 8. F. ¦
MRS. DA VIES. ladles' specialist, at old office.
1228 Market st.; no branch office.
DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable and sincere ipe-
ciallst. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10:
DR. KG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
A WEEK'S newa for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE. ,
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 FTemont st.
83 H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable
boiler complete .$3.10
40 h. p. Heine safety tube boiler 150
40 b. p. Atlas engine 225
' 80x3 feet return tubular boiler 1AO
48x16 return tubular boiler 3Mv
6 h. p. upright boiler 73
10,000 feet water pipe, all sizes; belting tilt
you can't rest. H. S. WHITE., 130-132 Beale.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc.. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. \
BAR fixtures; big stock: installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th»
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A — $3 CO Derby and Fedora hats; $1 75. Popu- .
lar Price Hatters. S3O Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $65. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
FOR SALE — Cheap, new black, pink-lined cir-
cular wrap; fur trimmed. Box 4709. Call.
i-. e. cj-akjv. Lmm cprecxeis mag., vzt aiar- (
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
UICVCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN is Felling Eureka bicycles fast: swell- '¦
est thir.g out: agency Columbia, Monarch. oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. SOI Larkin st. !
lllRDS. HOUS. ETC. ~" !
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking end fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages globes aquariums; bird and animal
food cf all kinds. 1546 Market st..bet.Sth&9th.
liOOKS^MiW AM) OLD.
EOOKS c.t all kinds bought ;Ut>raries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1916.
ULSIAESS CHANCES.
A_$2000; RARE chance; vicinity of Market
and McAllister sts.; rent $55. including « pri-
vate rooms; a bargain. Call K. G. WILKE,
Sti'/j Kearcy et. .
A — $12CsC; BARK chance; notions, cigars, can-
dy ar.d variety fctore, with telephone an<l
laundry oftict; i" booming town across the
bey; place clears above $200 during 8 months
in the year; investigate at once. R. G.
WILKE. 2ii'.i Kearny *t_
A— $1CCO: UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying
establishment on Devisadero st. ; rent $25; at
Kr.fi $8CO stock on hand; good business;
Eicknets on!y cause of sale. Call R. O.
_ WILKE. 26 Vb Kearny et-
A— WOO; SALOON with 9 furn. rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $25; greet bargain; must be sold at
__once. Cull R. G. WILKE. 20 «4 Kearny st.
Jir.tO — ROAD house with grillroom; choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $50, including 4
furnished rooms; a first-class paying propo-
sition. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26Ja
Kearny et. '
$2500 — CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
ent cwner 17 years; a first-class located and
paying business; good and responsible man
will find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
26V* Kearny Bt.
A— CIGAR Stands! Cigar Stands! Cigar Stands!
30 bury money-making stands, $75 to $2000;
I eeli choice. well located stands oniy.
Hedges. 401-462 Parrott bldg.. S25 Market.
A — VERY profitable hotel and bar; long estab-
ll&hed; beet town this State; 45 rooms; iow
rent; 3 years' lease; this house makes big
money. Ask HEDGES, 4451-4C2 Parrou bldg.
A — SALOON; busiest corner wholesale district;
always bucy; loir rent; short hours; price
right to genuine buyer; fullest investigation
csked; old-established place. See HEDGES.
4C1-4K2 Parrott bid*.
A— $150; PARTNER wanted In old-established
burlne?* on Market st.. clearing $75 per
month to each; duties plain and easily
learned: must have help. Apply 705 Market
et, room 3.
A — IF you have a business or lodging-house for
«ale we can sell it for cash; established 14
years. PaciSc Business Exchange, 7(55 Mar-
ket st. -
A— $200; PARTNER wanted In established
BUKtnen; $18 to $25 week, with chance to
increase; no experience required. 705 Mar-
ket et., room 3.
$300 — BARBER shop; Fourth, nr. Market; pay-
mentf : laundry office pays rent. D. McRAE
R37 Mission et. '
$300 — RESTAURANT •„ opportunity seldom of-
fered; Ellis St.; rent $35. D. McRAE. -837
Mission Ft.
ALL kinds of real estate for stie and exchange;
lodging-houses, stores, . restaurants, . hotels;
ealoons and many other business chances Tor
sale. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
AN did established upholsterer business " for
¦ale; Western Addition; good location; own*
er leaving country. . Address E LEWIS P.
O. Station F. *
1300— PARTNER wanted In established busf-
n«ws: $18 to $25 week, with chance to in-
crease; no experience required. ¦ 25 Geary
st., room 4. . .
RESTAURAT^T and oyster' house, -cor Sutter &
Devisadero; rent $40; living rooms; selling on
account of clcknegs. Box 4545. Call office.
$200 — A GOOD Investment; corner store In the
Mission; nice business; must sell. Box 4729
Call office. '
GOOD paying ehootlng gallery for sale; pro-
prietor has two places; can't tend to both.
Inquire C23 Pacific st.
PARTNER with $350; business paid $337 75 In
month and half; owner has other business.
Box 4732. Call. . . ., .
WAKTED — A partner - with $*00 for chicken
ranch. Box 4645. Call office. . > _» -.-<*,-;
$75 BUYS cigar Ft and ; fine place for lady. Par-
ticulars box 4731, Call office. •¦ •
ON account of leai'lnj: State, good paying email
business for eale. 717 Mission et. -¦ . ._ ,: ... •>
RESTAURANT for pale. 13C Second • st. ; ¦ no
trlflers. . - , ¦
XKVENTOn wants partner. 2 Golden court, eff
Sacramento et., near Leavenworth.
MciJKiiJh. & to., iw AiarKct— fcome Dargains:
$650 — 15 rooms: Market st. •
$375 — 19-room house.. Jackson Et. ,
S20C — 7 rooms; rent $15.
$3000 — 30 rooms: and 60 more houses.
Some good bargains. Only honest trade.
FOR sale — In the neighborhood of Jones st.
and Golden Gate ave.. a well furnished house
of 11 roorrs and bath; full of roomers. Box
4737, Call.
; A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sixes
and Prices, in all parts of the city; get our
| list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
I NEW. downtown apartment house, partly fur-
nished. 1st floor rented; purchased or rented
by responsible party cheap. Box 692. Call.
spiniTUALisai.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirit •> speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frl., Sun.. S p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush «t.
I MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
i Mfe reader: medical clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
! letter. $2. 11C4 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
j HOLTMAN. Wrenn. gifted psychics; seances
¦ Sun.. Wed.. Fri.; 10c; sitt. dally. 1382 Mrkt.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle, 8 o'clock; best tests
10c; readings, ladies 50c; gents $1. 132 Sixth.
| ETHEL' CRINDLE. materializing seance Fri-'
j day and Sunday eve's, 50c. 325 Ellis st.
1 PROF. GEE. SU G. G. ave.— Readings. 50c-$l;
. $1 readings in circle Tues. Thurs. Fri. nlght,25c.
j MADAME CAPELLE. clear-seeing life reader!
; , 122 Taylor St.. room 5. .
| Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
i habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
i EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis: readings daily;
j phone Polk 1601: seance Sunday and Thurs.
i FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllIrter— Mrs. C. J
J M*yw: sittings daily: teft tn all to-night: 10".
' CJ AJKV UYAJ t XS>
mme. m. bernaed~ T~
- THE FAMOUS
1 Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
I She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
[ description of the past, reveals the present hap-
| penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
I ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
! happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; eatisf action . guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.'
A— 50c and $1; PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels. - reunites separated.
t«-lls whom you will marry; how to win man
or woman you love; mall SI; rend date birth
lock hair. 6 questions. 1007 U, Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave., . rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect. satisfaction guar-
anteed 'by mall; send etamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to B p. m. • Sundays 'from. 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading: ladles 50c.
iccnts $: palm, and c'alr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
qnes.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names Riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. ;
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st."
'MRS. HANSEN; clairvoyant.- card reader and
palmist; 25c 148 Sixth st., room 14.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G. 50c. S21U Eddy.
i A— Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
| reader, has returned. 11 6th; German spoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana-
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 282 Minna st., nr. 4th.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 Oth st., room
22. second floor; horoscopes cast by mail. •
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
I or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard.- cor. 3d.
MRS. M ALLOR Y, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
gplrlt card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
CHIItOPOUISTS.
DR0AVMrXE"cKT^O5^rilB7~^m^"l"2^Corns
extracted, painless ; ingrowing ¦¦: nails ¦ cured.
COLLECTION.* OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Apencr— No^charga
ynlcss successful. Room 310. .027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LEtT"^ ~~~~
SUNNY 4-room cottage. $10: corner Japan st
' nnd Rlncon.ave.. at Mail Dock. .
MODERN cottage, 4 rooms and bath; rent $20
218 Locust ave., bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
ACTING, elocution, specialtlesi Hallet, School,
associated with - theatrical agency i ¦ securing
positions. Alcazar building.- 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hal!.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates -perfected.
TARR, expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA -Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st. .
SPANISH.Freneh.etc.ProLDe Filippe'sAcademy
of Languages.320Post;cstab'd 1871;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, j mandolin, banjo taught In
class. $1 month. , 1830 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 100S Mission; Instruments selected.
$5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
Expert, 302 Van Ness > ave. .-¦ '-'¦¦¦
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S.'F.;
founded 1SB3; new 80-page catalogue free..
" E3IPLOY3IENT OFFICES. \ ~
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished ut short' notice. Geo.
Kinoshlta, 1293 Page, cor.'Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help ; -cook aud
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush Et.; tel. 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese," ChU
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel. Black 5072.
employii^'ext''Waxted-.fema1iB:
YOUNG untrained ¦ nurse, several \ years* expe-
rience, will take full charge of invalid" or
act - p.b -nursery governess; best references;
Box 4705, Call office.
NICE girl wants a position to take care of a
child from 2 to 3 years old and do some plain
sewing; wages $20, $25. Call at 1535 Mls-
' eion st. ; no postals.
YOUNG woman with 3-year-old child -would
assist with . housework or chamberwork in
country in payment for board. Box 4673.
Call office. ... '¦
WANTED— By competent woman, position as
housekeeper to widower with children, or at-
tendant to invalid; best of references. 732
Fourteenth st. . ' ' ( ¦¦ -
MIDDLE-AGED German woman with girl of 8
wishes situation as ' cook or general .' house-
work; city or country; wages $20. Box 4735,
Call office. • ¦•.,- - jus;-.
TWO Swedish ' girls ; wish situations ', as ' cham-
bermaids in the country at eome summer re-
-: sort hotel. Box 4672,. Call office;
SITUATION wanted by a young woman as
cook, private family; first-class ¦; cook. .Ap-
ply to 520 Folsom st., btt." Flrst-and Second.
RESPECTABLE woman .with a girl 6 years old
wishes " housework. ¦ cooking, chamber work;
was.es $10. Box' 4733, Call.
NORWEGIAN girl desires situation in Ameri-
can family aa general houseworker. Address
2705% Howard st. '. - -. - . -'.-
WOMAN wants work by . the day, washing,
ironing, housecleaning; $1 and car fare. -513
Howard Et. t ;room 13. ¦ ' f -
EDUCATED North German girl competent to
teach her . language and . also v experienced
nurse and seamstress,', wants" position to take
full charge of small children: -hlprhlyreeom-
¦-. mended: wltges $30. Box 4065, Call, of flee.
WOMAN wants housework ; , good cook . and
laundress; no objection to short distance in
country. Address three. days.' ;TJ25 Fourth st.''
RELIABLE, lady; stenographer and typewriter
¦ desires permanent position; experienced." Box
4078. Call. office. . - .
COMPETENT girl wants housework with
American family; Is a good cook; wages ?20-
$25. Pleake call 319 Golden Gate ave.;
EXPERIENCED working housekeeper In "fam-
ily of adults;, good cook and. laundress.- 1115
East Seventeenth st.v East Oakland; Cal. ':¦-*
WAKTED— Work ¦ by good , seamstress '. with a
drecsm.'tker. i 105.'! "Mission 2t. - .-.'.. V.I.,'
SINGLE lady wants, poyition as housekeeper in
the mountains. 'Box, 4257. Call of flee, iQakld.
WINCHESTER House,- 44 Third et. near Mar.
Uct — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 6ff per night; $1 60
to $6 t week;. convenient and . respectable; free
.. bus . and ¦ baggage ' to . and from , ferry. . ;V
WANT ads and subscriptions taken lor ¦ The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C39 McAllister st. ".
PACIFlC^UnSerwrli^
have 42 offices In operation ;> new method of
placing - stocks < and bonds ; ; companies lncor-
. porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten; ' Call
or address ! main of flee; 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest.- Co.. 328 Post
FURNITURE FOR SALR.
FURNITURE in nice sunny 4-room flat at 314%
Fulton st., near Franklin (3 blocks from New
City Hall), for sale cheap; rent $20 per
month. Inquire on premises.
PARTIES going East will sell furniture of fwo
rooms and kitchen cheap; nearly new; rooms
7can be rented. .1021 Valencia St.. room 3.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE AV ANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. •, WAUGH, . r. 415. Examiner bldg.
A WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
; V GLOVES. - : .-.. J . ., ¦
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;.
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave. -
. I1EL1' WAVl'fcllJ— -KKaiALK.~
AT C. R. HANSEN &' CO.* S.V. Phone Grant 185
. . .... .-. . HOTEL DEPARTMENTS .... .
3 waitresses, Arizona,, free fare.. ...";... ..$25
50 waitresses, city, country, spring, resort -
hotels . .... . . . . . ... ....'... $20-$30
3 chambermaids, : country hotels:... $20
. Chambermaids to wait....... .$20
Laundress,' country hotel. .$25
Chambermaid, same place, short distance. $-0
2 waitresses,' commercial hotel, south, • see -
-party here, fare paid ....".. . .... ...$25
FAMILY ¦ DEPARTMENT .;..
Swedish : second - girl, i American family of 2,
country, see party here, $25, very choice
place; houseglrl, nice place, Berkeley, see
party here, $30; plenty. of others, $10-$30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., Will
open up ready for business Monday morning,
the 7th of April, in our new office, 420 Buth
fit., between Kearny st." and Grant ave., op-
posite California Hotel, where : we shall be
- -pleased to see all our old patrons and the
! public in general. . C. R. HANSEN & CO.
'AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' S.. Phone Grant 185.
3 extra waitresses, 5 days', work, $1 60:per
day and free fare both ways; fare advanced.
C...R. HANSEN.& CO........104iQeary st.
A — GERMAN or French nurseglrl, choice place,
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Cook, .no washing, $35; laundress,
. $30; 2 lroncrs to go south, $!) r week; marker
for laundry, $9 week; 8 second girls, $20,-$'J5;
man , and • wife, : city , place, $50; 2 infants'
nurses, $20, $25 ; French lady" a ¦ maid, , $25 ; 4
chambermaids,' assist waiting, ' $20; nurse-
girl, $15; cook, 'private boarding-house, $35;
Kitchen helper, $20; . chamberwork an,d sew-
ing,. $22; also a large number of 'girls for all
kinds of housework ¦ places too numerous to
advertise. Call ' J. F. CROSETT & CO., : 33 1
Sutter st. .¦¦";'-¦
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton St.— Swedish cook. $35:
cook and second girl In small family, country,'
$30 and . $25 ; waitress - nnd , parlormaid, ' $25 ;
German cook 'and chambermatdr$25; French
maid. $20; 2 : chambermaids, hotel, v city, $25
each;- saleslady,' candy store, $20; cook for
Berkeley, fi In- family, $30; ' girls for, house-
work, $20 and $25; French nurse, $30. _ -.-
WORKING housekeeper, commercial hotel, $:{0.
MRS. M.E. DAY. ..«.'...¦¦ 335 Geary Et.
6 WAITRESSES, first-class springs. .... ...$25
..MRS. M. E.' DAY. ;.'..'..'. .335 Geary st.
GERMAN * nursery » governess, . $30; ¦• references.
MRS. M. E. DAY.... .....:. ...335 Geary st.
CHAMBER .work and assist" waiting,'. $20 to
. $25; 45 minutes' ride [from city.' Coast Em-
ployment Co., 502 Taylor st., cor. 'Geary.-;.
A — GERMAN, Catholic governess ; . salary t $30.
Coast Emp'.oym't Co.', J 502 Taylor, cor. .Geary.
HAIRDRESSING,'' » massage, "manicuring,'
V bleaching, . dyeing, switches, etc. ; 2 wks. $5.
. : College, 1236 •< Market st. . . rm. r 04 ;' splendid
I positions waiting ; i day; ; evening, i
WANTED— Saleslady >> for i ribbon department:
- : must be experienced. -Address F..C..& CO.,
box 4707, Call office. , - . '- " ... ?.;.5,
EXPERIENCED fitter on clcaks. Call at the
office of M. SIMINOFF.bet. 1 and. 2 p. -'m..
1228 Market st.- ;. ¦/'.{¦' - ; -^.':'.
EXPERIENCED » hands *¦ on ladles' silk r. shirt
waists: steady, work;, good, pay. S. F. Mfg.
Co., 523 Market st;.; ' ' ¦..•'.
GIRL for cooking and general housewo»k; 3 In
~~ family;new small flat; $25; references,
Grove st.:'. ':-.¦ _-f--K ;.:"-. >.¦ ¦' • ¦:.:-'¦¦: •':¦> . • ' .-.••:
WANTED — Girl " for : cooking : and housework;
- good r place; wages $25., 3008 Clay st., near
.Broderick.' : . :' ,/ . ';.;••
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
v ' sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont
.'tt.'MR.. DAVIS.-: ; '.,¦.. ¦ . -._¦ : , -..¦'-.'-¦--.;*¦¦
WANTED-^An ? experienced f orelady ; for laun-
dry. Address box ; 4727. Call office." .'
GIRLS. 14 to 17. ' for factory work; apply at
: once. AMES, & HARRIS. «100 Sacrafnento st.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentice
wanted. BUSWELL CO.. 536 Clay st. . '
APPRENTICES to learn" tailoring. . BELASCO
&. HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. ...
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course; short-
hand speed class, $2 mo. 027 Market, r. S05.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22C0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia at. ' ¦ -
HELP WAVA'iiJjJ— MALU.
MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 581S
Leading Employment . and Labor Agents,
H34-Ci3U Clay st. . '¦:¦
. ' Office open 7 a. m.
For Nevada. -
State of Nevada...;. ......Free fare
500 Railroad Men. . -
Gang ' of teamsters . . .T. ..... Gang of . drillers
Gangof laborers... .'...;.. Gang of rockmen
Extra gang ...Section gang
...... Wages $2 to $3 50 per. day...
Free fare. .... ..........Ship morn and night
Wagonmaker, camp. ................. .$3 day
2 carriage painters. ... ..Carriage blacksmith
2 miners, j north, 8 hours' work, see boss
here, $75 ......"
Miner, shaft .work... .......... ..Bench hand
. 4 laboreis, no experience, mine... $42 and Id
¦3 muckers, $60; buggy washer, $60; 3 stable-
men; 25 laborers, -city and short 'distance in
• country, $1 75 and $?. day . '.
5 2-horse scraper teamsters..;. $27 50 and fd.
. '" . ; . . ; ..'.... .For an • Orchard. ............
(i handy men for a large company's orchard,
to make themselves generally .useful; later
on fruit packing. ' , ¦
.....'. Sawmills' and Yards. ......."...'.
6 laborers to build roads In woods.. .$35 & fd.
I 10 laborers, no experience required, to work
In yards and mills :.... ...$26 and found
' . : ;. Miscellaneous ..........;.;...
• 32 farm, orchard and vineyard hands.. $26-$30
15 1 milkers, different places . . . ; /.$30 and * $35
Milker,. $35, fare paid; 3 dairymen; 2 graft-
; ers for vineyard; gardener, $.J0; 17. choremen
• and hoys :• 50 woodchoopera, cheap fares.
. . ;. ..'.... ....CHoter Department... .........:.
Cook, country hotel, fare $1 25, $50 and I f d.,
' no baking; chef cook, country hotel/ $75; 10
cocks, city and country;' German second
. cook, $40: 3 vegetablemen, $7 week and $30
¦ and. ¦¦ . tound: baker, country shop; second
baksr. near city; elevator boy; porter. ? sa-
loon, : $25 and fd. ; porter, . city hotel, $25
and found, etc. . ..;... v. ....;..
i :.. If you want work call and read our bulle-
¦ tin boards. ( • - ; • /
MURRAY & READY 634-C36 Clay st.
ENGINEER for mine, $3 , day: electrical' en-
gineer, $40 and board; ranch blacksmith. $15
to $60 and found; blacksmith and sheer, ft
day; 2 Burlelgh drill, miners.' $3; 5 slngle-
i '; hand miners, $2 50 and- $2 75. day; -carpenter
for country, $2 CO and. board; 2 bench ha,nd3.
.$3 50 day; carriage woodworker, $3 to $t day;
carriage painter,- $3 to $3 50 day; carriage
blacksmiths and .helpers; iron xnolder: cora-
maker and others.'* J..F. CROSETT & CO..
: 628 Sacramento • st - .
.MAN and wife, private family, $50; farmer and
wife, $40: 20 railroad laborers, . teamsters and
>< drillers,-. $2 and $2 i!5 day, free, fare; 5 labor-
ers about. 'mill,-' $26 -. to $30 • and board, faro
a'dvanced; 20 woodchoppers. 80c to- $150
j cord; 2 ranch teamsters, $30 to $}2 50 month;
» 2 milkers $30 and found: cheesemaker, ?.15,
and others*. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
. - ramento ¦ st. . ' ' .¦ . • ; r . .'
BUTLER, $30 and found ; cook, ' country board-
ing-house, $40; kitchen crew of 3 for 'country
hotel, $100; night x cook, and waiter, $40, 2
'-. dishwashers , for country, $20; waiters, dlsh-
• 'washers and others— J.\F. CROSETT, & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. ..-¦.- . . . . . •
-ANDRE'S,' 31C Stockton ft. — Man to milk "cows
and make butter, - private ii:ace. $25 to $*);
, g-ar<3ener,'$25; butler, $40; hoteUwaiter; $30;
waiter for^ coffee-house, $7 a ?lau3
'" : pantryman, •. $22 fpotwasher,- $30;, dish washer,
$7;a iWeek; younuman to v.'ash diahe*. can
¦ ' learn cooklnc. . $5 a week; young ' man for
¦ country restaurant." $20; elderly man for re-
sort, $10,; etc. . :
AT. THE CALIFORNIA' EMP. AGENCY, ¦'-••
/ 50 Third st.r near Call bldg. : phone Bush 405.
;:;..:... . railroad laborers ..'. . . . . -.: .
......free fare..';.. free fare..'.;.-.
¦ 500' teamsters ;.-.'. :.'..'..¦.¦. ?2 to $2 50 per day
Gang of laborers.'.'... .. .%$2 to $2 25 per day
. . . . .-.'. Ship Daily . .". ; .........
- 15 ranch hands..; . .7r.'.$2(5 to $30 per menth
. Milkers and plowman. ..$30 to $40 per month
• 20 lumber, pliers..'...*. ....$2 to $2 50 per.day
Single-hand.' quartz miner. ."'.T. $2 50 per day
5. Head walter.,clty hotel. .$35 to $40'and found
Walter :;..-.;.. ..V.T. .;. $25 to $30 and found
: : Blncks*nth's helper.city, $1 50 day and board
• CAL/ EMPLOYMENT; AGENCY, oft Third St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery," rm;, 12.
'-..Vegetable man, ; $30; head cook, $50, : country
•.^hotels.; ¦•-¦.•. ; : .' ' ¦ .- ,,..,.:';""
TAILOR . on': coats. 344 Tehama st. ; , :
WANTED— Plumber's helper. ' Apply FRANK
;mH.^ MILLS. 327 Turk st. r-*r - . ¦
CYLINDER ; pressman. PERNAU, = 543 : Clay
"¦- strict.
A FIRST-CLASS carriage painter. $3 50 per
day;; also *-Xid boy in carriage shop; refer-
ence 8. . Address Wax 4552, Call office."-.
BARBERS — Want to seir a' half -interest m'a
good paying country shop and baths. Ad-
dress box 7946. Call office..
CARRIAGE body maker and . painter.
O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
CUTTER who Is also a coatmaker for coun-
, try. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter.
THE firm of Uncle Harris has . retired from
business. ,. . ... . : .."
$10 — DOMESTIC sewing- machine In good 'order.
1571 Market St.. near Twelfth. - - - _ ¦ -
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
¦ price.' S63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d rta.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market.
EOY to learn pressing en coats. BELASCO
.& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
CLERK for small corner grocery; wages $25.
Box 4608." Call.. .'-...
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. '
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y-
2 OPERATORS, 1 bushelman; good wages.
2821 Greenwich st.
BOY in tin shop to learn trade. 533 Mission st.
WANTED — A young cake baker at HALKEN-
BERQ-S. 1205 Polk st. -
STATE and U. S. vol. soldiers entitled to extra
y pay. Call at 630 Market St. O. E. HOWE.
FRENCH speaking dry goods salesman wanted.
Box 464S, Call office. ~ ,
WANTED — Elderly man to milk 10 to 12 cows.
6650 Shattuck ave., Oakland. .
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD,
¦ 624 Markt.: Dast com. Watterson Post,G.A.R.
100 MEN for steamers going north; must be
over 21. At HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
SAILORS — Green hands for all parts of the
world. Apply at agents. 213 Broadway. .
PENSION atty.. E. A. BulHs. room 40. Phelan
big. Fast Com. Geo. H. # Thomas Post, G.« A. R.
WANTED—A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525. Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.'^24 Sutter.
WANTED— BO men to- take lodging in Cain-
bridge House, 543 Howard ; changed hands.
500 MEN- to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.,*nr. Bth.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. ; S.F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, i for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoe? half-soled while waiting: 25c
to r>Oc. ECS Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
'-' ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
, free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSKS AXD WAGONS." ¦•
NOW HERE. r
20 horsss'from 11C0 to 1700 lbs: 1 Electioneer
ty Don Marven : three by Nutwood Boy,
I record 2:22: also 1- Norman stallion. SUL-
LIVAN'S Hay Barn. Mission road, abova
1 Ccurtland ave. ' ' " '
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1015 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand>
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 3S6 Mission st.
ENGINES "and boilers: second-hand machinery.
. J. BURKE. 139 Beale St. I
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
MISCELLANEOUS WAVT9.
WE pay $5 per 1C0 for names; send 10c for
blank book' and particulars. The * French;
Chemical Co.. 241 N. Fifth st.. Phlla., Pa.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Lewi a
Office, 25 Stockton et. ; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — A good upright piano; must b*
very cheap for cash. Address Upright, box
4610. Call office. ... ¦
I WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
skins: ser.d postal: will call. Box 4337. Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all aizea. any
condition. FarnsworthEIectricalWks.,418Turfc.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 288L
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A — SPECIAL sale and special discounts on 100
standard makes, Including: 1 Knabe. $98;
.1 Haynea. $190; 1 Conover. $215: 2 Chicker-
ln*. $1S5: 1 Heine. $290; 4 Steinway. $1S5:
Rents, $2 up; installments, $3 up.' Over 5000
Heine -Pianos are in use in San Francisco.
and not one can be had outside of the com-
pany's wareroonu. All the leading musi-
cians use and Indorse the Heine Piano.
Come soon: sale will close on completion of
the new Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary .st. . -
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sta.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagon*,
harness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. .
GOOD second-hand . light closed carriage
. leather top surrey and phaeton, bike cart ami
Bailey pneumatic buggy; cheap. O'BRIEN'S
Golden Gate ¦ ave.'- and Polk st. ,:
CONSTANTLY on hand and 'for sale or trade
well-troken carriage, wagon," work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sties and styl-
Santa, Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 ; Howard st.
MARE. $10: buggy, $15; heavy single harness"
$12 CO; cut-down express, $123. 71) City Hall
j avenue. ,''...,
WELL-MATCHED black team : single : doubl» ;
young; sound; gentle; 1050 lbs each; cheap :
. suitable surrey or buggy. c.ty Hall ave!
SAN Francisco Veterinary College ' Fourth TesI
sion begins June 0. Catalogues by annlvlnir to
, M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 510 GoldenGat' fve!
FOR sale.- Santa Rosa salesyard— Just arrived.
! several fine road and business horses new
• | bugglen and harness. 1430 Market, cor.' 11th.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey,harness.work.drivlng horses., 15th&Valencla
AN, A No. 1 express wagon,' single: also light
camping. wagon for sale cheap. B.T2 Mlsstcn.
j HOUSES -TO' LET.
A— PRINTED list houses ' to let ; .: send for cir-
' * ' UMBSEN ;& CO..14 Montgomery.
: A^, H , B 25 T »;' 727 -* 4 °: elegant ' n-room hotisT;
j finished basement ; fine neighborhood ; near
Park Panhandle. . Owner.', box 4C52, Call.
j $50— HOUSE 8 : rooms; also large yard and
¦ basement. 1615 Bush st..' near Franklin.'.
'¦'. : ''-' HOUSES 13!£^J[£2!irS!5!!!^ lsHEI3>
A— FURNISHED residences • and flaU In all
, ..' parts of the city, $30 to $350: call to see us r
we can suit you. SPECK fc CO.. 6C7 Market.
: F V5, NISHED hous * 8 rooms and bath; rent
. ;, 520; > furniture ; for sale cheap to tenant. 672
. : . Harrison st: - '£q 'JfUffFSSn
¦ MISSION. 2324, near Twentieth — Furnished 1
. - rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
A GOOD' piano Is a source of constant delight
and no one can afford to deny himself or the
family such a pleasure when a piano can be
secured from us *o low and upon such easy
iTna. Our stock embraces the Decker &
Son. Wissner. Baumeister and Stodard. THE
y.ENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7*J9 Market st.
ATTENTION/' BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 up.
Second-hand square pianos from -$5O up.
Seccnd-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back ' any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to -buy a
rlano from us. • KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1S5O.
DEALERS, big- profits saved on unredeemed
pianos; selling for storage and advances; up-
rights, $37 up (wonderful). WILSON'S Stor-
age, 1710 Market st.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sal*
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co., 931 Market
- st.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players. '
SOHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos;
' Lester pianos: -Spielmann pianos; Ceclltan
. perfect -piano player; pipe organs. 308. 310.
' 312 Post st.
SMALL. upright. $.T5; large cabinet grand up-
right. : $150: square pianos, $35 up: A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Son. 21 Sth St.. Ivera & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT, piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos In ctty for $3 - per 1 .' month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 560 Haye3 St.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianon at
bargain prices from SS5 up. ¦ • F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.; corner Sutter and. Powell sts.
PARTY grolnff to locate In London must sacri-
fice handsome upright piano. 811 O'Farrell.
3 LEADING plamw — Steinway, Chlcker'ng.
Weber; other makes, at FAY'S. 1720 Mission.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
jrnew. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1C McAllister.
S1 22F, R , IOR vlo >"». zithers, old and new. n.
-. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.: Julius ; Condol, >* a"t former.; agent r of i the
Metropolitan" Life Mnsurancei Company < at
Stockton, ' was i. arrested yesterday by, De
tective -. Crockett;' on : a\wa.rrant s charging
him ;with ': obtaining I money; by 7 false pre
tenses. He « Is accused by "John- Held'.of
the St. I Nicholas Hotel - of % collecting 1 ; ¦ a
premium . from ' him by. representing , ; that
he iwaa': still in"*the. employe of 'the com
pany.: ¦ ' '' , ----- -..-' • ¦ ¦ -..-> ;-. ¦:
Condbl Taken ; Into Custody. *
r ;; Same ¦ owner ; with ;j Max ¦/ Cohn ' (contractor),
architects • same — Pa intlng,".-' tinting,.^llncrusta
And varnishing for same on same; 1 2900. -
Meyer Abrahams- (owner)- with Frank A.
Keyi. (contractor), architect Phillpp Schwerdt—
All .Work ; except , plumbing, painting, . electric
work, mantels, "tiles ; and ¦ gas .-," fixtures for ; a
three-story frame • building > (3 • fiats) on ' S '' line
or Clay stieet, 106 :3 .W;. of. Scott, ; W 25 : by S
127 :8; f 6450/ . . •, .. ¦ "• '¦¦. ¦. \ ' . ¦ ,
.< • T. Schwartz ¦ (owner) ; with * Franz ; (con
tractor),*; architects Rousseau ' & Son— All ' work
except - plumbing, '. ¦ tiling, —¦ painting, ¦¦ elevator,
heating, mantels, . gaa fixtures, . shades, 1 : finish
hardware.* electric ¦ and ¦'. telephone work > for i a
fout-story frame" building with brick founda
tion containing 26 apartments of 4 and 5 rooms
each, bathroom,-- closets and •. hall, • on ¦ S ' line • of
Eddy street,- 137:6- E ¦ of >. Gough, : E 08:9 by S
137:0; $32,700. '¦'¦"¦.'• ¦? --v ¦""•' "-''- '^ .
. Same owner, with M. Levy (contractor), same
arcnltects-^Plumblng,;* gasfltting, : sewer^ work,
hot '• water ¦ plant, ¦ water \- -pipes • and ¦ tiling ; al
sinks for .same on same; 1 $6900. ";:..:¦¦..
Biiilders' . Contracts.
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL:
H B Hendricks, Chic
J Moore, Seattle .• . . " '
D Rugg & fy, Seattle
Rev G B Grels & fy,
> ViEalia .. ,
T Manga\ Keswlck ..
T Warren, Denver . •-
G"W Rear, Cal
Mrs G M Shewbridge.
Manila
J G Lee, Buffalo "' .,
D E Lee, Buffalo :
A D Marshall, Aus
tralia •'-... ¦
J P Waal, Cape Col "•..'
W. Kennangl, Cape Col
A D Merritt. Wls " f
D Endee, Ind "- • : ¦.:>,' ',-'
Miss D Cleve, Seattle
JWetzel & w,:Or- .
E Woodward. .Winters
J W Shade,- Winters
F J, Edwards, : Qakland
Mrs. Catherine" Tracey, wife of a long
shoreman,^ living \ at ' 925 1 Howard street,
, was convicted by Judge Mogan yesterday
on the charge of cruelty' to her baby girl,
4 months old. ' She had : been ' drinking
heavily and a few days ago the landlady.
Mrs..'McGee, found ner pressing the bot
tom •* of - a •' Rochester .' lamp against the"
baby's face, thinking it was a feeding
bottle. Y. At another time -she -rested -her
feet on the baby, and had a blanket tight
,ly, rolled' up,, which she was crooning over
as if it were • her baby. " She will be sen
tenced jto-day and '.the -baby, will be cared
for by the. California Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children. .
Cruel Mother/ Convicted.
Those- In charge were:. Lieutenant H.
G.Stindt, Sergeant Thomas Marlow, Ser
geant Ix M. Ray and First Sergeant G.
Kleason. • The officers of . the company
are: Captain, G.F.Eggert; first lieuten
ant, B. N. Clancy; second lieutenant. H.
G. Stindt. - - ¦ ¦-.:-•-
Preceding the ball an exhibition bayonet
drill was given by Company F. 'The pre
clseness, fineness and regularity of the ex
ercises '. reflected great credit upon those
in- charge, aswell as on the men them
selves, and brought forth' great applause
from the crowd. . " ¦ .
Company. F," First * Infantry Regiment,
gave a ball and exhibition drill last even
ing. It is estimated 1 that over ,1503 merry
persons gathered, last night at the big
Page-street armory; corner of Page and
Gough streets. ' The armory was artistic
ally decorated with red, '.white and blue
bunting and American flags. Appropriate
centerpieces from •' the ceiling completed
the ' decoration. "The music was furnished
by the First Regiment band.": " .-;..-• . . • ,
Entertainment.
Large 'Crowd Gathers at the . Page
; Street Armory and t Enjoys »
COMPANY F , GIVES . BALL - X
- AND EXHIBITION DRILL
E. , O. McCormick ot the Southern Pa
cific" Company stated that good results
were already being achieved, following
the establishment of the promotion orga
nization. He stated that George Crocker
was prepared, to divide -up some -large
tracts of land In the interior of the State
and. sell; small portions .at reasonable fig
ures.. It has always been considered that
large holdings of real estate in the coun
try have been detrimental to agriculture.
The finance committee of the organiza
tion of promotion will be .requested to
meet next Tuesday at 3 p. .m.. in, the
Chamber of Commerce, .when plans will
be formulated for raising- funds.
¦ W. H. Mills informed the -committee
that an exhibit of the resources of- Cali
fornia was • ready to : be ¦ Installed ¦ in Og
den in order to attract tourists and that
as Boonras funds -were forthcoming, the
exhibit would be put In place. '
General Chipman announced that at the
next encampment of the Grand Army of
the Republic it would prob.ably be decided
to select San Francisco for the encamp
ment for 1803. " ¦ v :¦".-'.' ; "
. The county.. Boards , of ,.Trade
will be asked to name representatives who
will 'keep in •"< touch i with ithe promotion
committee. and send in information, as to
the .needs of the counties.. ; ; ,- ".-
Will Seek Information.
Committee on manufactures— To act as mid
dleman between the owners of desirable manu
facturing sites and such manufacturers as are
contemplating - locating or [ may be induced to
locate In California.
Committee on exhibits—^To arrange for'exhib
its of the resources of California and to place
men in charge of same when occasion requires.
Committee on advertising and conventions —
To plan and carry out the best method of ad
vertising California and its resources and secur
ing conventions in San Francisco.'. '.. '
. Committee 1 on employment — To establish bu
reaus where records shall be kept of available
openings for ! those seeking employment and
where such people may apply and be located
without charge. • ' ¦ ¦' ;
Committee on colonization — To .Investigate
and secure Information on lands in California
suitable for farming and to report full details
of same to the advertising committee; also to
locate home-seekers that may come to .the
State. : ' . ; .." ¦-. " . " . : • -m
¦ Committee on ways ' and • means — To raise
funds for the work of the promotion commit
tee, and to audit all', accounts.
The j duties of the various sub-commit
tees were designated' as follows: , . .-
Dasignated Duties.
The committee' expects to work - on a con
servative . plan and tor the present looks for
ward toward raising an efficient amount of at
least $2000 per 'month for one year in order to
demonstrate practical ' results. We appeal to
all the representatives of the "various industries
and their commercial branches for financial
assistance, so that we may be able to inaugu
rate the various divisions of the work to be
done without delay. .. -
" In • order I to secure a ' reinforcement of - the
capital, and population for the undeveloped sec
tions of the State, this promotion committee
has. been organized and now aims at arousing
¦our citizens in all walks of life to assist in the
creation of a new era for our State. We have
wealth and resources, land and climate; we
need more population and of. the proper kind;
we must encourage an influx of this class of
people and there are many ways of "doing it. =
The . California promotion committee . of San
Francisco. — Under co-operation of . the - commer
cial organizations 'of 'San Francisco, the Cali
fornia State Board of Trade and representatives
of the transcontinental railroad companies, a
committee has been : formed to ¦ earnestly pro
mote, ¦ make known and foster the agricultural
and commercial . interests and advantages of
California..
Lays Out Work.
* It was decided to send the following cir
cular letter to all tho members of various
commercial organizations in the city: .
' The committee approved the, selection of
a finance committee by the executive com
mittee and the following names were add
ed to the list of those who will solicit sub
scrjptions f or the sum of $2000 per, month
to carry on the promotion work: ¦ F. W.
Van Sicklen. ', Edward Pond, J. -H. New
bauer, • W. B. Bennett^ F. W. Dohrmann,
Frank; Symmes, J. F. . Fugazl and G.
Cuneo. :^. - ¦
The promotion committee met.yepterday
to. receive the report of the executive com
mittee, which inet on Wednesday. Those
present were Andrea Sbarboro, chairman;
W. H. Mills, C. S.-.Bundschu, Ruf us Jen
nings, General N.' P. Chipman, Colonel E,
A: Forbes of. Sacramento, C. M. Wosoter
and' E. O. "McCormick of , the ¦: Southern
Pacific Company. ,'' :¦'..'..'.
;¦[ "The California Promotion "Committee
of; San Francisco" Is the official title that
was selected yesterday by the organiza
tion of prominent citizens "Who have been
entrusted with , the work of advertising
the 'northern. 'and. central portions of the
State' and _ securing desirable "settlers.
to Settlers.
George Crocker Prepares to
; Sell Tracts of . Land \
ActiveX Work -Outlined
for Advertising State's
Resotirces.
PROMOTION PLAN
IS DEVELOPED
THE SAlSr^FRA^CISCO GALL, FRIDAYi APRIL 4, 1902.
13
REAL JSTATE— CITY~FOR SALK. j
WE are the only company paying each contract !
In CO days; others require 20 months, or near-
ly 2 years to p&y the sam<: amount; our plan
has been examined and Indorsed by' the best
contractors In the city: monthly -payments
before maturity $1 50. receiving credit for $1;
monthly payments after maturity. $5 50. re-
ceiving credit for £5. Office 497-US . Pafrott
building. . Open • from 9 a. m. until 0 p. m.
JOSE.PH STRATTB. • '.- ~"~~
S50 Market st., corner Stockton.'
'Telephone Grant. '177. ' '
Real E«tate Agent. ' :
Property Bought and Sola.
Rents Collected.
BARGAIN — New house of 6 rooms and bath:
all modern Improvements, besides store and
living-rooms in lower floor: cheap; easy-
terms. See owner on premises NW. corner
Chencry and Falrmount gts.
APPRECIATED If seen; new. elegant sunny
modern cottage: C large rooms and bath; San
Jose ave., near Valley St.. bet. 2Sth and 20th;
I Guerrero-st. cars pass door. . ,
$2750 — A BEAUTIFUL Broderlok-st. lot: ready
to build on. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 040 Mar-
ket st. , . ..,-; - ." •-
fo. r .OO — MUST be paid: $3000 cash only: rents
I CO.. Apply on premises. 2623 Sutter St.. near
Lyon.
SUHIIRIIAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
etatlon, for rent from June I : rent $00 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo. '
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY. — For Sale
A DELIGHTFUL country place, ltSO acres:
elevation 20C0 In mountains; 4 miles south
Mountain View; within 0 hours of Sa 1
Francisco; grandest panoramic . view In
State; attractive surroundings; 3 fine spring*;
a perfect health home; email cottage; excel-
lent stable: necessary outbuildings; 4 acres
assorted orchard; 4 acres bearing vineyard;
must sell; great bargain. See nwner from 0
to 11 a. m.. 238 Montgomery, FLINN. HA?.-
RINGTON-& CO.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. fM2 California st.. for
pamphlets and information.
160 ACRES in-Tuolumne County," partly cleared
and fenced ; . plenty of wood, timber and
water; also gold bearing ledge crossing ranch;
n miles from R. R. depot; for $1200. Box
3396. Call office.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lends to sell: right locality: big money; easy'
j payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. Fee WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market. S. F.. fe San J.
' REAL ESTATE WASTED. -',
W/ NTED — A nice and well built modern house
cf 7 rooms and bath with sunny exposure,
that has been built in the last three years,
for cash. Address box 4704. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA - REAL. ESTATE.
CALL and see the Alameda Land Company.
Great bargains offered this week.- $2150
buys a new modern 5-room cottage; lot 40x
120; a snap. Will build, rent and sell you
on easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park 6t. Alameda. Tel. Grand 1461.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. -
BARGAINS BARGAINS
$2000 — Beautiful home of two acres; fine
cottage* of 5 rooms, pantry, etc.; a snap. <_
$1250 — Fine cottage of 4 rooms. t, atni pan .
try. etc.; street work complete; good location
$1000 — On improved street; good location;
lot 40x128. with good house of 8 rooms etc
$150 — Good lots, 25x100. In Berkeley. "
• For bargains in real estate, call or address
. D.. A. WENTWORTH,
1056 University ave., West Berkeley.
NEW 5-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
tewered: corner lot, 40x100; Golden Gate
$1700— $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room.
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
eewered; lot 50x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley '
train.
$1750 — $550 cash, balance flat loan. Pacific
Home Building Company. 89 Nevada block.
San Francisco.
A THOROUGHLY well built house of 11 rooms,
bath, etc, on the sunny side, of street and
near the university and Head seminary; lot
100x130; a gentleman's home. JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE, of 7 -rooms and -bath; "high base-
ment: easy payments. MCRDOCK. 614 Pine.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
' OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GEO^ "\vt AUSTIN, .~™~~~~--~~~~™-
460 Tenth street.
$1400 — Close to San Pablo ave.; house of 7
rooms . and bath ; all In first-class condition;
street work complete; east ° f San Pablo ave.
Bank sale — Monthly payments to suit you;
small cash payment; 6 rooms, all modern; short
walk from Adeline station; total $2400.
$1250 — Choice speculation; plain old cottage
of 5 rooms, on lot 25x75 feet; In the heart of
town: will rent for' $10 per month; 10 per cent
per annum on investment; payment can be ar-
ranged. GEO. W. AUSTIN, .
460 Tenth st.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. ~~~
?Cew pretty homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all mod-
ern: prices moderate; vacant 40-foot lots; $900
to $1000; elevated above the street and Includ-
ing street work complete; on Merrimac or
Twenty-eighth St., between 'Telegraph ave.
and Grove St.; choicest and cheapest property
in Oakland; close in and handy to schools
and churches. See W. T. HARRIS on the
premises or . GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
460 Tenth st., Oakland.
$4750 — Beautiful new 9-room house. Just com-
pleted, on Eighteenth st.. East Oakland;
¦ etrlctly up-to-date; large lot; near churches,
schools, electric cars and broad gauge; terms
reasonable B. H. WELCH & CO., Fifth ave.
and Eighteenth st. - ..-
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALK.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month! K.
SCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh gt/. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. -
BUSH," 1124— Desirable, sunny, well furnished
room; water; reception hall; phone, lawn, etc.
EDDY, 445— Rear 4 furnished sunny rooms;
large sunny yard; rent $17.
EDDY, 522 — Parlor floor; sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; bath,. phone; also other run,
MCALLISTER, 536— Nicely furnished suite;
sink, gas range, bath, phone, laundry; $10-$7.
MCALLISTER, 837, lower — 3 completely fur-
nlshed rooms xfor housekeeping. $12 CO.
MISSION. 945 — Nice front room, folding bed,
complete for housekeeping. ••
O'FARRELL, 742^ — Nicely furnished rooms, sln-
gle or «n suite; suitable for housekeeping; 10
minutes' walk from center of town.
PINE, loOO, cor. Hyde — Sunny corner furnished
room; gas etove; running water; $10.
POLK. .522 — Bay-window, front sunny . fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; reasonable. '
POST. 630 — Large front room; running water,
gas. bath, phone; light housekeeping. ' .
POWELL. 1005, cor.. Clay — 2 sunny rooms, $1B;
3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
SEVENTH, 28 — 2 eunny furnished rooms, house-
kceplng, $10; others, $12,-. $8, bath; phone.
SEVENTH. 178 — Large, cheerful, connecting
housekpg rooms; large yard; stationary tubs.
STOCKTON. 12OC— Model houre; stngie7~dou-'
bl? ' housekeeping- ' rooms to. let; $4, $0. 810;
free sa?; etove; bath; sunny.
TEKAMA; 47S, ncdr. Sixth— Tv/o' sunny' front
bcueckeepirg rooms'; "no children; $9;.
TWELFTH. 40 — 2 sunny frpnt,rooms, furnished I
for housekeeping. '. '' '¦, ,. ' . ' |
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at - 1096
Valencia Et. '..-.¦• ' .--.¦' • :.
KOOMii TO LKT~yarn.,nnd Uutufw.
A— FREE list furnished rooms \o let; with or
without board: we 'save you walking the
itreets. Tcurlst Renting Bureau, 10'Montg*y.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New, ejegant,
sunny; 75c- day upward; rates by, week or
month; McAllister cars. to- door; handsomest
grill room in California- attached.: . ¦¦-.- , , ,
A— BRUNSWICK : House. ¦ 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rmi., : suites, single; also unfurnished. 7
ALL choice neat eusny tultei or singles; day.
week or month;. bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
IUIOMS TO JUE^^nrn. anfl Untnrn."
CALIFORNIA'. 1400 — To let, 3 or 4 unfurnished
¦¦rooms. . , . .":.."" .--;.*¦ ., . '-v
CLIFFORD. £04" Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly"
lurniFhed *unny . rooms:* prices reasonable. ;
ELLIS. 321 (Moxart) — Cicely furnished rooms, i
¦ 35c. $1 50 nighty $1 B0. $« Trk. : open all niifht.
ELLIS. ¦ 685. . cor. Larkin — Large • alcove bay- !
window, mantel, 'closets; very desirable. •
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish- I
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GENTLEMAN' wants- a gentleman -. to ' share
with him a large suite of - rooms in a flrst-
class family hotel. Address L. II. C, 26;
: Montgomery gt.. room 14. . . ' ,
IN the Mission, to an elderly gentleman, a nice :
home in small family; terms moderate. Box
4G47, Call office. . ;
JESSIE. 30.1, nr. Fifth and Market — Furnished
¦ rooms. $5 and $0 per months '
MARTINET. 1101 , Geary— Handsome suites; j
private baths; newly furnished single roomi.
MASON, 307 — Front parlor; newly furnished;
other rooms; very reasonable. :¦-,--..
MISSION, 2533 — Sunny furnished Smodern
rooms; private; flrst-clasa In every respect. 3
STBW ARLINGTON, 1015 -Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms: ?2 a week up: 35c a day up.
OAK, 125 — Furnished room; bath and gas; 57;
call after C p. m.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator, elec. lights: day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent light.'
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lcr: rooms, per night, 35c to ?1 50;- week. $2
¦ to $8; iriVJhth. $8 to- $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market — Fur-niched or unfurnished.
STOCKTON^ 603— Nicely . furnished . sunny
rooms; single, suite; also housekpg rooms. | -
SUTTER. 1022 Vi. nr. Hyde-^-Large "double " par-
lors, furnished; sun all day; phone. :
Vendome. 1104 Market — Changed hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ft. ¦ . - - . : - . .
ROOMS' AND HOARD, J
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front room*;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
flrst -class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 607— Co a refined couple; large
gunny parlor, with board, in . private home.
JOHNSON, The. 605 O'Farrell— Nice homef
_good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.'
VAN NESS. 019 — Handsoma furnished sunny
suites. «lngle rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS AND BOARD t.WANTED. .
"WANTED — Room and board by lady in ex-
change for new bicycle. Box 4708, Call.
ROOMS WANTED. ~
WANTED — Furnished room between. Mason and
Jones. ¦ Poet and California sts. ¦ Address 1522
Vallejo st. ..... . : - - ., ,-
. SPECIAL' NOTICES. ¦„-. -
BAD tenants ejected for ?4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. ; 6580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPl'LIKS.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264.- 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W.ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281'.'
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend. No. 40, of seventy-
nve cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been, declared
payable at the office of the compaTny, rooms
202-204-206 Hay ward building, San Fran-
cisco, on April 30. 1902. Transfer books close
April 3, 1902. ' at. noon. J. R. LEAVELL,
Secretary. - : ¦ --- ¦¦'- .
The' following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles L. Taylor Jr., 20, city, and Ethel C.
Wilson. 22, city.
Samuel Hammer, 40, 281 Fell street, • and
Lena Cohn, 33, 281 Fell street. '-
Soran J. Olsen, 37, West Berkeley, and Anna
Olsen. 30, - city. ;, .:• -
' Bartie J. Gillio, 25, city.'and Mary F. Burns.
17. 417 Francisco street.
Harry A. Garflnkle, 28, 172 Clara street, and
Gussie Hlrsch, ¦ 15), • city: - ..
Ignatz Beck. 25. 1348 Ellis street, and Eda
Fulda. 22, 927 O'Farrell street. 5 '
Frank Nunan, 27, city, and Abble Ahem.
27, city. ' .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
- - . . DANIEL. P. DONOVAN,. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. - 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
'. . ¦- Telephone South 80.' '- '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
7 RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTH E R N PAC I FIG
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
-¦¦¦¦ »AN FllANCIsCO.
(Main Line, foot of Market Street )
L»at« — . From March 30. liifQ-v — arrivm .
7<00a Benlcla, SuUun, Klmiru anil Sacra-
acnto 6.55?
7.00*. Vacavllle, "Winters, Ramsey 7.55*
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,' -
'¦•' Xapa, Callstoga, Santa Rosa...... 675f
800a. Davis, Woodland. Knights Landing,
Marysvlllc, OroTllle 7-55?
, 8.00a Atlaotlo Express— Ogdcn and Eafct. 8.25a
8.00a Ntles, Lathrop, Stockton 7-25?
800a Xilcs, Mcnduta, Uanford, Vlsalla,
PorterrlUe -4.55*
" 830a Shaau Express— Darin. William*
(fur Bartlett Springs), "Willows,
Red Bluff, Portlnnit '..."....... 7-567
~ b.30a San Jose, Livermore. Stockton,
1 lone, Sacramento, Piaccrviile,
->> ¦ SiarysviHe. Chico. Red Bfuff -4.25*
8.30a Oakd»le,Ctllae3e,Soaora,TuoIumne' 4.25P
5.00a yallejo'.. 1 :.,.;.;.!:..'.;.'.,.:.-/-:.;.. 12.25#
8.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
- •- Tracy, Lathrop.StocktonJJcrccd.
Fresno aud Los Anseles .. 825a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stationa 7. Sop
TiO-OOa. llaynrard, Mies and Way Stations. t12S5F
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
DenTer. Omaha. Chicago.. 5.25*
: 11.00T Sacramento River Steamers t1VC0*
8-OOr Benlcla, "Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
¦ - Marysvllle. Orovlile 1O.S5a
3-3u> Httjwar(J,Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.55*
4.0UP Mart!aei.Saa Ramon.VallcJo.Iiapa,
C«li*toga. Sanu Bo»a 9-25a
4 00p Ntlen, Livermore, Stockton, LoUi.. 12.25*
/4J0F H»ywarrt,Xlles,SanJo»e.Llvermore tS.55*
• 4.30* The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
¦ ¦ . Bakcrsneld, Saugns for Santa
t Barbara, Los Angeles............ 8.55a
00* PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 1025a
OOp Marl Inez. Anttucb. Stockton, Mer-
_- ced, Fresno 12.25p
tB30* JTlleii Local 72S*
6.0O* HaTxrard, Nllcs and San Jose 7.55a
tS.OO^-ValleJo .." .*.•.. . 11.25a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden. DenTer,
Omaha, St. Loots, Chicago 4-25*
7.00* Saa Tablo, Port Costa, Wartlnea
«-» -«d"W«y Stations.;; 11^5*
J7.00* Vallejo 7J5*
8-05* Oregon ft California Express— Sac-
¦•-.>. ramento, Marysvlllc, Kcddlng.'
.**.- : . . . Portland, Fuget Sound and Eatt. 8.55a
t9.10* Hayward and X lies 311.65.*
-- COAST LINE (narrow taoje).
(Foot of Marlcet Street.)
8.16a Newark, Centervllle, 8aa Jose.
:*;:, . .Felton, Doulder Creek, Santa
Crux and "Way Stations............ 5.50*
tz.15* Xewarfc, Ccnterville. San Jo»e,
Xe-w Almaden. Felton, Conldcr
CroeS. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4.15* Xewsrk, San Jose, Los Gatos. 18.50a
A9.30* Hunters' Triln— San Jose and Way
Stations 17.20*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAJf FRANCISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— f7:13 9:00 11:00 AJf. . 1.00 300 5.15 *.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:O> J3:»
t8:05 1I):C0a.m. 1200 200 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (llroad Game). "
(Thira ana I'ownaend Street*.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
7.00a San Jote and Way Stations +8. 00a
7.00a New Almaden /4-10*
8.00a Coait Line Limited — San Jo*r,
Gllroy, Salinas, San Loin Oblspo.
. S*ata Barbara. Los Angeles and - . I
Principal Intermediate Stations. 1045?
800a San Jose, Tres Plnoi, Sant.i Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas, San Luis
OWspo and Principal Istcnxa-dl-
ate Stations 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 3. 30a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
t2.46* San Mateo, Ecdwood. Menlu Pork.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, son .lose,
Tres Plnos, f?anta Cruz, Siilinas,
Del Moute, Monterey and PaciAo
Grove... ; •....-t10.45A-
3.30* 6an Joa« and Way Station* 1.30*
•t4.15* San Jose and Principal Way Stations 530*
4.50r SnnsctLlmltnd— Monday, April Tth.
14th, 21st, for Xos Angeles. E!
. . Paso.Ne w Orleans and Sew York. ¦¦
Last train leaves New Orleans '
April 11th.. ;.. 10-ISa
t5.00P San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
- ' Way'Statlons. ;..-... 1.. t9.00A
8.30* San Jon^nd TrlncipalWay Stations 630*
6.30* San Joso and Way Stations*... : 7.30*
7.00* New Orleans Express — San Lais
Obtspo, 8anra Uarbarx, Lo» An-' •¦-¦'.'
gclea, Demlnsr El Paso, Kcw
Orleans and East 11.30a
•11.45* San Joaoand Way Stations -.. ' 7. 3Qy ¦
T. A for Mornlnx. V for Afternoon, ;—
t Sunday excepted. J Sunday only.
a Satnrday only. /Tuesdays and Fridays.
Santa, Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Marlcet-street Ferry Depot. •
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv San Fran. 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar! Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:46 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:06a .......
"Visalia..: 3A»p : 6:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago.. : 2:15p 9:00p
a lor morning, p for anernoon.
" 0:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited,' carrying '¦ Palace Sleeping Cars a'nd
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleid (or accommodation ot -
local first-class passengers. No / second-
class tickets are- honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding, train arrives at 12:30
p p. dally.
¦ 8 p. m. is tha Overland Express. . with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Can to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts -out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:0u p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:4O a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry *
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. •¦',...¦.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
, LESSEES .. .-.»¦ .V'-.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Sao Francisco to San Raraal.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00, H:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra .
. trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 *. m.1 1:30. 3:30.
t:00. 6:20 p. m. -.
San Rafael t» San Fpancls^j.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:43. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturday* — Extr»
trips at 1:65 and 8:35 p. m. • - - : .
SUNDATS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:10. 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. m. -¦• -.¦:' • -
Leave ' I In Effect I - Arrive • •
San Francisco. [Apr. 28, 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ¦ ¦ • J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination | days. I Days.
7 :30am I 8:00am . Novato. 10:40am) 8:40an»
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:0Spm 10:25an
5:10pm[ 5:00pm|ganta Rosa. 7:35pm| 0:20pra
~] '. ~ . Fulton^ ~
7:S0am ¦- - Windsor, • . . ... 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsbtirg, 10:40am
Lytton. • . . •
Geyservllle, • . . • ,, N -
8:30pm S :00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10 :2San '
3 :30pm 8:00am and Cklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
~7":3tom - ¦¦ . ~ 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pzn ¦
3:30pm 5:C0pm ' g :20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am'
-*. and
5:10pm C :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:4Oam|10:25am
3:S0pm( 5 :00pm I Sebastopol. I 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
tor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
sPeyservllla for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdafo
for the ' Geysers ; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bar. Lakeport and Bartlstt
Springs; at Uklah tot Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley'a Bucknall's.
Sanhedrln Heights. , Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno ¦ City, Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Wllllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins, Ball's Springs,
Harris. Olsen 1 s. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. -. ...
On Sunday* round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITINC, R. X RTAW. -^
Otn Manager. •• -"''Gen. Pass. Agt.""
Mount tamalpais raiiiwav
Leave ¦; .Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. Sin Fran.
ru». Su FnMim te Sommn*ad Ratm. «1 M.
tl«Ut OSaa, 4!1 MJLMJiXZ StUZSt ad SACSAUTO TSSJLZ.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62!) HEARST 3T. Established
In 1*3-1 for the treatment <>f Private
Divides. I jiMt Maiiuoixl. . Debility or
diwnsf wearing <m hody anil mind an<t
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. -('barge* low.
(Mrr.mnrni.Crrd. Cull or write.
I>r. 4. F.UlBBO.V.San Francisco. CaL
Telephone • Bush .367.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
. •• .'NEAREST THE CITT." .....'
Office, 916 Market Street.
* Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -
BIRTHSHUBRMES--PEATHS.
A First class to Havre,: $70 and; upward. Second
class , to ! Havre.- $45 'and. upward. . - GENERAL
AGENCY •: FOR UNITED - STATES 't and C AN-
ADA.f 32 ; Broadway " (Hudson building), : New
York, i- J. s F. ¦¦¦¦, FUGAZI " & ' CO..V Pacific : Coast
Agents,'-. C Montgomery avenue," San- Francls"co.
Tickets; sold- by j all Railroad ~ Ticket '"Agents."
COMPAGNIE - GENERAL Z TRANS 4TLANTIQUE
DIRECT ; LINE ' TO . HAVRE-Pi^US.-- •'¦m^^
Sailing every Thursday, insteJJ of <|f?5£0fe
Saturday, at 10 a. m.,- from pier 42, taAnKaji
North ? River, ; foot; of , Morton * street. ¦" - '¦ ' "', "'
SIONKY TO LOA.V. . 1
A^HE^M^I^iU^PH^r6cT^b^^Jcam7nerDdg
$4.rco.o0o at Lo-wett Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests In Estates
Property Being Held in TrUEt.. ".
Undivided Interests in Real Estate...:.
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY, (501-002 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.). . '.
fSOO.OOO at 5 1 *: and ti per cent In eums to suit:
City Oakland. Town ana Country Property:
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties ; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate ar.d legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Lean Co..
Tel. Red 5024; 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 0 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest ia real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay ;
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere '
R. McCOLGAN.. • ;
24 Montgomery st., room 3 I
ANT proposition, any amount: 0 per cent; first,
eecor.d and third mortgages, estate;! in pro- •
bate raterest in estates, legacies, undivided
int^rerts. securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
Ml'NICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red.lGCS. >"":- : ".
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, plaaos; no removal;
lowest r*te: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st.. room 7, opp. Lick House.
f 500.000 AT G per cent. In sums to suit In city;
5150,000 on larse ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortg-s. R. J. Mercer & Son, 412 Pine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; asiy amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. SO Geary st.. room iti.
A PRIVATE party loars any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEUEAD <Wi!son's), 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
; people on their noie.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, planes; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms: no broker-
age ; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; 110 removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. C16 Examiner b!g. ; loans on pianos
furniture, etc., at 2% without removal; no
brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
O. A. LANE, Mills building, will loan sums to
¦ suit; interest low; also easy payment loans.
?10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St Ann's bigg., c Eddy, rm. 72, 4th fir.
Private parjy; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture; no removal. Garthels. 208 Post.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
S10O0: any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
Sioney loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex<r., 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg. .
$% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
rnoval. Phone Black 1709. Room 6L 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome Et
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
rlan. Western Lean Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
LAKGE bright and airy store wilh large base-
mtnt. close to new Crocker Hotel; fine loca-
¦ tion in a business district; 3 blocks from
Market ft. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st—
Light cheerful offices, $15<fi$23 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone.
. Larce store with baFet. front. Clay-Merchant.
. abcre Montgomery: lease. Keys 638 Clay.r.l.
OIL. v
*)1L tacks. 2nd-hand. In good order; all sizes;
theap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st
I'-Vl-NTEKS AM> DECORATORS.
P.ooms papered $3 up; painting &"tintlng done'
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel. Red 3521.
PAPERING room, walls. $3: painting, jfl;
whitening. 75c. Samuelson. 315 Golden Gate.
F1KST-CLASS work: low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE.1 C40 G. Q. are. : tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEA RCE7^oierit«lc~^6lne^r^aTmisti
parlors a and 10, The Ven<Jome, 1104 Market
et.; .hoars 10 a. m. to 3 p. m. ; horoscopes cast
by mail, $1; palmistry taught.
XillSi. G. L. NTERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Poet st. corner ct Jones; phone Polk 837.
"». JEROME FOSELLL ecleatlflc palmist. 313
Taylor tt.. bet. Geary and Post:tel.BUck 561.
l'Ett5tl.VALS.
EVERYBODY says, Mr. "Lederer, your hair
dressing Is the best in the city and you
only charge 25c; shampooing, 50c; hair d»led
in 10 minutes; manicuring 25c G. LED-
EP.ER. 123 Stockton et. *
I WANT two more parties to go to Alaska,
I where I made a good etrlke last summer;
J must have at least $400 to defray your cx-
ptns-ts. For particulars address CHAS R.
KAISER. Hotel Chicago, West Berkeley. 'Cal.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
flfi; with these cults we make an extra palf
cf pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. Ill* Market
ct. between Seventh and Eighth.
J WHY guess T Yea can be certain of style and
Ct by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1C21 SSarket.nr.6th.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third ct, near Market: 700 rooms;
£Sc to $1 £0 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
-ree *bu» and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT &o you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painleee; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley.1702 Market
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
end trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, ellver.
diaraonfis, pearls and precious stones bought
¦t W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. 52 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-LJ12 Stockton et. near Broadway.
A school to learn tairdressing. hair work, man'
Jcurtag. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market
bet Polk and Van Ness. MISS A.V. DOYLE.
fcUPEKFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
Electric oeeeie. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
¦^T^'S'w h * ir , I .»/. alllng or you are bald call on
Pr.G.S.Moore^3S20 l Farrell; send for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
* moles destroyed. Mra. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy st. corner Mason.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J. B. Ray. 457 Minna' st
Sirs. Brigs* — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 171 » Buchanan: tel. "West 259.
Macquerade cotturr.es at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cal cottumer. 20 OTarrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, manage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles' removed by
«lectrle needle. Dr. fcMry.Traverse.1170 Market
, ALFKEDrMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all drnggigta.
-«-'SE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CUBE
tcctttctly; 10c and 25c. All druggist*.
UASQUERADE costumes, play bocks, wlgt;
ccuctry orders. GOLDSTEIN tc CO.. 733 Mkt.
tailor-made suits. $7 00; dress psnt*. ?2 soT
Migfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
FHYSXC1AAS AXD " tDBGEOXS.
RUPTURE and pile* cured; no pay until cured";
no operation; r.o detention from business; all
private diseases treetcd successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. <J Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
surgeon, at 484 Valencia «t.; hours 10 to 8.
D V*»£z. C »» ° DO^'^ELL— Office and residence.
1021 \L Market st.. bet. Eixth and Seventh,
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
DFFICE of the Sierra' Railway Company of
(California. 223 Crocker bldg.. San Franckeo
ft'vo^J 1 *• 10. du" April
12. 19C2, from first mortgage C per ctnt bonds
of the filerra Railway Company of Califor-
nia, will be paid at the fiscal agency of this
company, the Crocker-Woolworth National
Bank of San Francisco* Cal.. on and after
that date. S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer
TVIMSWHITKHS AM) SUPPLIES.
3REAT B^RG^InVTnTYpIewrIteRS— We"
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
k. Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 2C6.
f WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansom*.
• Wednesday, June 4th. 1002
, Round-trip .tickets .'. at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. r
. . ; :.,-W. H.-AVERY. General Agent."
..".;.".... *."..."..-.'...-. Tuesday. April 13th 190°
SS. NIPPON MARU.. "..Friday. May 9th 1902
SS. AMERICA ; MARU. : . .... ... . . ....."' ; i
S.TEAMERS WILL' LEAVE WHARF COfl-
> ner First and Brannan streets at In m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG,' calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamei-s for India
etc. / ,. No - cargo -received • on , board on ¦ day 1 of
sailing. •.-¦.-..;¦.• ¦ ..-¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦•¦¦¦¦¦- ¦ - ¦•¦ ¦.¦.¦;¦¦
SS. HONGKONG MARU . . . . :". ...........
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
OC2A2S* TEAVET*
REMOVED!
McGinn bros; ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS - and ( EMBALM-
ERS, to 224 and 22C McAllister st. - (For-
merlv of SVEdd" st. Tel. South 252.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend .the funeral Saturday
April 5. 1902, at 0:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 852 Broadway,- thence., to ; the
Church of ; Notre Dame - des Vlctolres, Bush
street. • where ' a . requiem high mass , will be
celebrated, .-. commencing^ at 10. o'clock. .. In-
terrritnt Holy Cross Cemetery. . ¦: .
FLYNN— In thte jdty. April 2, 1902. Edilh~C
beloved- daughter of John sj.-. and:. Mary.. J.
' Flynn/ sister of • Hazel. : Irene, John, Frank,
Edward. and George > Flynn, > and niece of T"
, F. Flynn and Mrs. F. McGrath, a native of
San Francisco, /aged 11" months and 24 days.
: K7 Friends and acquaintances -are: respect-'
, fully invited to attend v the • funeral { services
Friday. April 4, 1902, at 10 o'clock, • at ' her
,' late residence,' 1402 Kearny street, * thence ¦ to
. Holy!Cros3 l Cemetei7.*|QBCeq)MB>jfgMQ80BB4
FREDRICKSON — In West Berkeley, April '3/
C7" Friends and acquaintances : are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Friday),, at 2 o'clock, from Mission Masonic
Temple. 2tiU8 Mission street, * under "the aus-
pices of Misaion Lodge No.'lCO," F. and A/M
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, via .elec-
tric funeral car. Remains at the ¦ funeral par-
los of Bunker & Lunt, <2«06 Mission^ street,
near Twenty-third..' ,¦¦>'.¦' - . '•
CHACE-rln < this . city. April 2, 1002. ; Mrs.
MelUsaE.' Chace, mother of William D'Arcy
Chace and John B. Chace, and sister of Mrs.
George Boole, Mra. C Mason Kinne and
Mit8 "¦¦ Alice D'Arcy, a native of . Boston,
Mass.- ¦..-... .-. x .
DENIS— In this city, April 3, 1902, . Mrs. ZelU
Denis, beloved wife of the late N. Denis, > and
• dearly beloved • mother of ; Mr. H. Cuneo,^. M
Cuneo, . Mr«. B. Walttn .¦ and Josle Denis, • a
native of ¦ France, aged "73 yearn 7 months
and 3 days../ ,. • - - ¦ ,. , . . . ...
' E7 Friends and p.oquaintance.s are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday afternoon. April 5, 1902, at 1:30
o'clock, at " the- chapel of the • Odd Fellow*'
' Cemetery, San • Francisco." ." . ••', :¦:.
CAKR— In San Rafael, April 1,. 1902. John
George, .beloved; husband of Belle Carr, | and
father, of Ida G., . Florence • and G. Stanley
Carr,' a. native of New' Brunswick, ' ased" 01
years and 2 months. ¦¦ ¦¦ •¦,-¦¦¦;• •'"¦ ¦ :
BUCHI— In Oakland, April 3, 1902, Jacques,
beloved husband of Sophie Buchi, father of
Sophie, William and Emma Buchl, and
brother of Mrs." Anna 1 Kern of Sacramento,
a native of ¦ Switzerland, aged 54 years 1
month and 20 days. " . • •
.. V-V ;>I>IED.
Buchl, Jacques ¦ McKeown. Alice •''¦
Chace, Mrs. Melissa " Peones,. John, • '
Carr, John G. '- Perkins, Mira A. C.
Denis, Mis. Zella Radke, Ruth E.
Flynn, Edith C. Rooney (Infant)
Fredrickson. Martor Schnoor, George H
Grimm. Adam Stuart, Capt, Jak.F
Hall, Albert S. Sweeney, Charles J
Haswell, Viola W. Waltjen, Wilbert
Junkers, John , . Wheeler, Mary A.
Leiser,' Frederick A; White, " Marram '
McGillicuddy. Alice
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, IS years manager for
the United Undertakers'. Association; M. J.-
McBrearty.' with the same company for 18
years; P. F, Green, late with 3( C. O'Con-
nor & Co.," have' opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission St.," between Seventh
and Eighth. /-Telephone South- 44.':- '¦':
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
¦ 87 nnd 2O Fifth St. Xel. South 107
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
finest : Equipment at Moderate Hates.
x B0BN.
MATTERN— In this city, April 2,. 1902. to tha
wife -of J. H. Mattern. a son.
RAE — In this city, April 2, 1002, to the wife
of William Rae, a daughter.
ROONEY— Ia this city, April 2, 1002, to the
«r lf ?, "^.V 1 ?, Iate John Rooney of the steamer
Walla' Walla, a aon. ¦
MARR1E3X ~
BRANT— WERNER— In thla city, Aoril 2,
1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, John S.
Brant and Amanda Werner.
GEORGE— KOBEU— In this city, March 20
1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Emanuei
Georre and Anna Kober. .
McTERNAN — SCHAEFER — In this cits-
March 2t5, 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendelini'
John P. McTernan and Mrs. Louise Schaefer
RITHMOELLER — KASTEN — In this city
March 2«... 1802. by the Rev. J, Fuendelinr'
John C. Rltl-moeller and Johanna Kasten
BORNHOLT— WARNER— In this city ADrll
2, 11W2. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. John H
Bornaolt of Nome, Alaska, and Florence, a!
Warner of Grass Valley. Cal. -
JAMBS" McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn * Bros., has i opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy 8t.. bet.
Taylor and Jones.' Telephone . South 670.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific .Coast Steamship Co!-
1^. ¦ . - ' Steamers Cleave Broadway
Wharf, San Francisco:
HgSgSSjt For Ketchikap,' Juneau,
' |^Sw»S)»k ¦ Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11
1 B*V BiS^ll a - m -> April B, 11. 10, 21.
K&y^tvi Hul 26 « May 1. Change to com-
' fc^SlwVQSI pany's steamers at Seattle.
J c^^mSSSS ¦ F °r Victoria, Vancouver,
*'¦¦¦* Port Townsend, SeatUe. Ta-
"-' ¦ "S coma. • Everett. New ¦¦ What-
com— 11 a.m., April 1 6, 11,-16, 21, 26, May. 1.
¦ Change at Seattle to this • companv* s steamers
for Alaska and G. V. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. .P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ¦ -.
: For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
April 7. 12, 17, 22. 27. May 2. .
For San Diego, Santa Barbara and Los An-
freles ' (via Port . Los Angeles" and Redondo) —
Spokane. Sundays. 9 a. m.;. State of California,
Wednesdays, 9 a. m. -.. -'.-. - ...... .•-•'.
For Los ¦ Angeles (via- San Pedro and East
San Pedro),. Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz," Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, San Luis Oblspo
(via' Port Harford),-. Ventura, Huenenve ¦• and
•Newport ('Santa Cruz only). • '-•'. '
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., April 4, 12, 20; 28. May 6.
•Santa Crtiz. 9 a. m., April ¦ 8. 16. 24.
(•Freight only.) , .....
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay,' San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. -Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
. For further Information obtain folder. .
Right is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates.
¦ T'JC VV "V O'T"TCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). :
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.-,
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
Only $60, Including meals and berth, for tha
round trip; on board the Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, -leaving SAN
FRANCISCO APRIL 7tbj. due back April 27th.
calling at ENSENADA, MAGDALENA BAY.
SAN JOSE \ DEL CABO. MAZATLAN, AL-
TATA, LA PAZ. .. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS, Mexico. : - .
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For -further particu-
lars Inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace . Hotel), or 10 'Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. -
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
-FOR—
"i L . LEAVE SEATTLE,
SENATOR ...: ... .....JUNE 1
VALENCIA . ; JUNE 7
And , fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CUT OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31, re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. - For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Mont-
gomery s'treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. G«nl. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OR.4iV.CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND,; Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST KATES.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... April 13. 23, May 3. 13
SS GEO. W. ELDER Sails...
"T... April 3. 18. 2S. May 8
Stepmer sails from 'foot of. Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y.S.F.
BTEAfllSHIP
SHAWMUT
"10,000 Tons Capacity. Speed, 15 Knots.
— — SAILS FROM — -
PHILADELPHIA
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 21, 1952 y
: ¦ FOR S —
SAN FRANCISCO:
LOW RATES. FINEST SERVICE. . 'i
. For Rates and Space Apply to
! ATLANTIC & PACIFIC CO..
Loading Agents, Philadelphia,
Or to
THE CHAS. NELSON CO., .', 1
No. 6 CALIFORNIA ST.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana ds Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
I and South American ports. • Sailing from How-
ard T., pier 10, 12 m. . - /
COLOMBIA ...April lOIGUATEMALA.Apr. : —
TUCAPEI- . . . April 101 PA LENA May —
. These steamers" are built expressly for Cen-
: tral' and South American passenger service.
(No change" at Acapulco or Panama.) ' Freight
and ' passenpre? office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
oceafflcs.s.co,si5~
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck- .
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. April 10. 10 a.m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
- -C. ...;... *s. Saturday. April 19, 2 b. n.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ".
.; Sunday. May 4, 10 a. m.
J. D. 'SFBEGXELS k BEOS. CO., General' AtfS.; 329HUftt
Gen'iPass. Dice, 643 Maftet St., Pier Jo. 7. Pacific st
PANAMA R.R. 5T S:
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
. Cabin, $105; Steerage, ? 10; Meals Free.
S.S. Argyll... ........Sails May
S. S. Leelanaw.....".. ............Satis May.
From Howard-street .Wharf, Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger .Office, 330 Market st-
,--'¦- . F. F. CONNOR. Pacific,- Coast Agent.
jA.xrcsnEt.xc;-4V7r LirrE.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
St. Louis. Apr. »,10 amlSt. Paul. .Apr.23,10 am
Philadel . Apr.lG.10 amlSt. ¦ Louis. Apr.30.10 am
jEtsBija star xixarsi.
,^.".KEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Southwark.Apr. 9,noon|Va,derland;Apr.' 10, noon
Pennland.Apr.iH.3pml -~ ...
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
Chas. D.~ Taylor. G. A. p. C. 80 Montgomery.
BAY . AND ' ';" 3JIVEB STEAMERS.
FiTTs^liAy^
. Steamen GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO:
1 9:45 a. m., 3:1B and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:43 a.- m.. 8:36 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.,' : 12:30 noon, 0 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, .7 "a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare SO
cents. - Telephone Main - 1508. Landing aad
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock.' ¦ HATCH.
BROS. » ¦¦¦ . ' -
« RAILWAY TEA VEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallta ; Ferr/
- . "> Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN . FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. - ~?~
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. »9: 30, 11:00 a. m .
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15. 6:15; *6:16. 8:45 p.m."
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San'
Rafael on Mondays, (Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 0:30 and 11:40 p:.m. - .
SUNDAYS-^-»S:0O/O:OO, »10:0O, «11:SO a.,m
•1:15, -3:15, '".•4:43, 0:30,' 9:30 p^. m. • t .t t :. .•-.-¦
Trains market (•) run to Saw'Quentin.' - : .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO."
.WEEK DAYS — *5:25; 6:27." 7 :45, " 8 :33 ¦ 10 :15
a. m., *12:25. 2:15,, *3:35," 4:40, 5:30 p.m.
- EXTRA -¦. TRIPS on -Mondays." 'Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p.'ra.:"*
SUNDAYS— 6:15/ •S:CO, •10:00, »11:45 a. m..
•1:40, *3:15,4:45, *6:30 p. m. " .. .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
,WEEK DAYS — 6:43, ; 6:45, 7:55," 8:55, 10:30
a. m.~," 12:S5,.2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p..m. -• ¦ * f - -¦
EXTRA TRIPS on .Mondays." Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. .
-SUNDAYS — 8:C5r 10:05 a. m. t 12:05, 2:15,
3:30, 6:00, 0:45 p. m. ¦" .-•¦•.;-¦• >
, - <-: ,-.. THROUGH TRAINS. .
-.'6:55 'a. m. week . days— Cazadero aiid way
sUtiona.vaPS r a wBPOSV E QWM9MH%g^riagtoU
. 1 -.43 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . " . '' . . -¦ >,
C 8 :00 a. , m. Sundays— Duncan . Mills and : *way
stations; ' ¦ ' .. -
Fairfax. Sundays— 8 :00, 9 :00,\ 10 :00» 11 :30
a.?m. •.'¦'"¦' ¦¦¦- '.. -'- '..;. '-¦ ¦. •
¦ . Legal -Holiday boats and . trains' will ; run : on
.Sunday time. ¦
' (CyFriends- and -acquaintances are respect-
:: fully Invited to ¦'attend "the * funeral to-day
! (Friday), at 12:30 o'clock,; from his. late resi-
3ence, 529 Sixth "street, between" Bryant and
Brannan, and. thence to St,'- Rose's' Church
for services at-1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ... *¦'<¦» ¦ -
WHEELER — In this city, April" 3, ' 1902, Mary
Ann Whefelef, beloved wife of the late Orstin
Edward Wheeler, and mother of Mrs. Am/
Ander, a native Of New York, aged 49 years.
(New Orleans, papers please copy.) •
WHITE— In this city, April 3, 1002, Margaret
White, beloved sister of Mrs.,T. Conway, a
native of San Francisco, aged»25 years.
IC7"The funeral will '.take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 6' clock, from "the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street. Inturment strictly Drivaie in
Cypress Lawn Cemetery," by 11:30 o'clock
I train from Third>and Townsend streets.
WALTJEN— In this- city, Jl V1902. WU-
i bert Wtfltjen,"dearly beloved soriTof Diedrich
. and Margaret ,Waltjeh,, and brother. of, .Alfred
3 Waltjenr:. Mrs., Frank - Derby . and the i late
John Henry. and Diedrich s Waltjen Jr., a na-
. tlve • of t San Francisco, aged ¦ 18 - years 10
months and 28' days. . " . . ¦: ? , ;., .;.-.¦
ET'Remains at the mortuary chapel of tho
Goiden^Gate Undertaking Comrjany, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-%-st.
SWEENEY — In this city, April- .3,1(1902,
Charles . Joseph, beloved son of the- late Ed-
ward and Mary- Sweeney, and- brother of
John, William ran/I Frank Sweeney, and Mrs.
. J." F. Conway,. a native of San Francisco,
ased 35 " years. ' - - .-" ' -* ¦'¦'¦- ¦-. .¦ —
• cyFriends and acquaintances are respect -
.fully Invited to attend- the funeral services
Friday, April 4, at 11 'o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her. parents, -902 Buchanan street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. .' .'
PETERSON— In this city, April 1. 1902, Olof.
beloved , husband of Maria . Peterson. • and
father of Emma M.. Anna C, Oscar E.,
Fred O.. Ereka C. and Carl " E. Peterson, a
native of Sweden, aged 51 years 10 months
and' 27' days. r - •-- ¦:¦¦-. . : - •
ROONEY— In -this city. April , 2. 1902, Infant
Fon of the late John Rooney of the steamer
Walla Walla."
SCHNOOR^-In this city. April 2. 1902. George
H., beloved son ¦ of Anna and the late John
' ,D. Schnoor, and . brother of John F., ! Christ,
' Sophie,. Lizzie, Richard and . Annie. Schnoor,
a native of New York, aged 21 years 2
months and 28 days. :¦ ' . , : .
G7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited" to- attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlois of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, . be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. ¦ ' . . ¦¦-.'". ,.
STUART— In this; city, April' 3, 1902, Captain
James F. Stuart, beloved father of Mrs.
David Oliver, and grandfather of . Charles,
A. K., Mary E., Donald and S. M. Oliver, a
. native of Glasgow, Scotland, ¦ aged "81 years
3 months and 27 days. ' . .
•¦ inyFriends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully - invited to attend the "funeral to-day.
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock,' from her late resi-
dence, -.1016 Sanchez street, thence ... to. St.
- James 'Church, where ¦ a requiem, high mass
'! will' be celebrated for the repose of her. soul,
commencing at.9, o'clock. .-Interment Holy
Cross ; Cemetery. | . : • ". :
McKEOWN— An . anniversary' requiem :¦ high
mars ; for ' the ' late Alice McKe"own will - be
celebrated on Saturday morning.. at 8 o'clock,
; at" St. j Boniface's Church," Golden Gate ave-
nue. .... . . . . . , . :
PEONES— In .this city, April 2, 1902. John
Peones, a native of Fiunce, aged 31 years. |
PERKINS— In this city, April 3, 1902,, Mira
A; C, widow of the late E: S. Perkins, and
mother of Mrs. E. 'C Davis, : Mrs. J. K. C.
Hobbs 'and Charles N. -Perkins, a native cf
'Boston, . Mass., aged 76 years -and 20 days.
(Boston, .Mass.,"; papers please copy.).; .
ICFriends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), af 10/ o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 266« \ Mission
. street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
: private. . ¦ . - '¦ .'¦•¦¦
RADKE— In this city, Aoril 2, 1902,. Ruth E.
/ Radke,'- beloved daughter of A. F. and Grace
' Radke, and Bister of Frank, Elloise, George,
Hazel, -Robert and Harold - Radke, a ; native
of California, aged 3 years 11. months and 7
¦ days. r - •: / - ;¦¦.-:•.' " . •• ¦ • > -
E7"Friends and. acouaintances.are respect-
•; fully Invited to attend the funeral services
. Friday. April 4, 1902, • at 2 o'clock, >at his
; late residence, j 10C3 Union street. ' Interment
-'private. '.••¦¦'¦ '¦'¦¦:':'•.•¦ ••¦-,.-'
McGillicuddy— in this . city, -April 2, 1902,'
¦ Alice, ' beloved daughter of John and Mary
E. McGillicuddy,, and sister of Osgar, Charles
; ;Ossian, John . and Erbhlin ' McGillicuddy,
: a native of San Francisco, aged 11 years 2
months and 19 days'... . ...'.', . ." . . ' '
(^"Notice of funeral ¦ hereafter. \\*
LEISER— In Indio, CaK, March 31, 1902, Fred-
• erick Adolnh Lelser. . a native of . San ' Fran-'
"clsco,'a™ed 39years. - ¦ : :
(E?"Funeral services to-morrow (Saturday),
¦at 2 o'clock, at Trinity P>esbyterian Church,
corner; CaoD/ and Twenty-third '6tfeets. : : In-
terment .private. -'Please omit flowers. ;; ."
HASWELL— In this ; city, 1 April 3, 1902. -Viola
Wyaien- Haswell. ¦¦ mother ¦ of .Fred W." Has-
well, a native; of' New York, aged 50 years
11 months And IS days. :, >.
ICFThe .funeral will take place : Saturday,
at 11:30 o'clock, from her late residence, 853
Golden ¦ Gate avenue. £ Interment.; private.
Mountain .View Cemetery. Oakland. . '•; --
JUNGERS— In Glenwood Springs, Colo., March
; 31, • 1002, ' John Juugers, ,. beloved husband ' of
Kati-i Jungers,, a native • of France, . ased 34
•years '8 months "and' 12 days. ¦ " :
'."-;.' K?"Friend3 and ; acquaintances are respect-
fully ; Invited -to .attend the funeral - to-day
'' (Friday), ' at 10 o'clock," from his late resi-
dence, - 30 McAllister street.' >lnterment Cy-
press 'Lawn -Cemetery, by 11 530 -o'clock train
' from. Third and Townsend streets. • ..
HALL— In this city. /April 2, .1002, Albert
Smith Hall, j beloved I husband of Matilda .11.
Hall, father of Mrs. 'CHve A." Brown, and
brother . of Harvey Hall . of Livermore, a na-
' ' ; tlve ' of Nobleboro, Me. , • aged 79 years ' and .- &
¦ days. >-•!',• ¦¦:¦, ¦¦¦>¦ ¦¦ ' ,.-v*- -•'¦:. •:''-. . ''-.-- -¦¦-..' ¦ : ".
1902, • at • 2428 ' Ninth 'street, * Martor.h beloved
son of , Nicholas and Fredrlckson.
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years an!
MO days... ..-•.¦•.¦¦;. ;. - -,- ¦ ¦• -, . , ¦•':
GRIMM— In this city.% April 2/ 1902, Aaam.
beloved husband of Anita. Grimm, and father
of Clarence Grimm", a -native of 'Germany,
I aged (J4 years and "20 days'. • -. '. .;V /.,-,¦Edwin Swift Robinson." boarding-house
keeper, Berkeley, filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the United States
restrict Court. He owes $3453 75 and ha3
no assets. • - . ,
J Petition, in Insolvency.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art will
be open to the public to-day free of
charge from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.. and In the
evening from 7:30 to 10 o'clock. The spring
exhibition of paintings by local artists
will be on view.
Free Day at Art Institute.
Picfessor A. C. Barker will open his
new dancing academy at 723 Market at ,
History building, to-morrow evening.
April 5, with a full-dress invitation ba'l.
Professor Barker &nd his wife spent last
season in New York City visiting the
principal dancing academies ana are-pre
pared to introduce in the new academy
a number of the latest novelties in
dancing.
The new academy has been most at
tractively and artistically decorated.
Large plate-glass mirrors and handsome
electric chandeliers have been put in
place, and the walls have been beautifully
painted and decorated. The stage has
l*tn elegantly decorated and modeled by
Mr. McGreer, the scenic artist of Moros
co's Theater. The floor of the academy
is composed of hardwood and is In excel
lent condition for dancing. The orchestra
will be under the direction of Mrs. BarK
er, who is a noted violin soloist. Friends
can procure invitations by applying at the
academy. *
OPENING OF A NEW UP
TO-DATE, HIGH-CLASS
DANCING ACADEMY
Miss Julia Heinrich was also heard to
particular advantage last night. She has
a lovely voice, fresh, pure, large- apd of
unusual quality, that is yet not quits set
tled. There is also decided temperament
and good schooling, and Miss Julia, young
as she is, is distinctly a singer to be
reckoned with. She sang last night a
group of four songs by Emil A. Brnguiere
of San Francisco with considerable per
sonal success, and also new laurels for
Mr. Bruguiere, the compositions, readily
melodious, thoughtful and sincere. meet-
Ing with well-deserved applause. The duet
singing of Mr. and Miss Heinrichs in its
complete sympathy is a constant pleas
ure, and the Schumann and Goring Thom
as numbers were given with their usual
delightful appreciation of emotional val
ues. On Saturday afternoon the third and
possibly last programme will be given— a
brilliant and novel programme, to include
eleven of the Richard Strauss songs, two
Dvorak numbers and two Brahma songs,
besides others.
There was a gratifying enthusiasm and
a fair sized house last night at Sherman
& Clay Hall on the occasion of the sec
ond Heinrich recital. An Interesting pro
gramme, was given and the singers were
both in excellent form. Mr. Heinrich was
heard in some of his inimitably rendered
German ballads, that made their custom
ary irresistible appeal to the audience.
He has a strong gift of humor and of
getting the emotional atmosphere of a
song, and is musicianly in the highest de
gree. Mr. Heinrich's accompaniments are
a delightful feature of the performance,
recalling Mr. - Henschel's work of the
kind, but are even more sympathetic and
spirited.
ARTIST HEINRICH
MUSICIANLY IN
HIGH DEGREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 4, 1902
Barrett scored Anita Clark unsparingly.
He-declared she' was unworthy of belief
and that she , was testifying against Gal
vin 'in order; to screen some other man.
Was.a woman from the gutter.a self
confessed criminal, to be believed and an
honest ( young . woman like -Miss Galvin
disregarded as a perjurer? .'In 1 .' conclusion
Barrett claimed that 'the defendant had
clearly proved an alibi and he demanded
a' verdict of acquittal. The court charged
the jury and • that '• body "retired- at 4
o'clock. ¦ • .- ¦> ¦¦¦ •':¦ .' i\: .
-Attorney Barrett in reviewing the testi
meny for, the prosecution said Mrs. Foote
could not be believed, as, according to her
own statement/ she was, intoxicated. on
the night of the robbery. Sweeney could
not be , believed, asvhe . testified- im the
police court that. he never saw -Galvin be
fore^the night; of' the robbery. - while in
the Superior. Court. he insisted. that he had
seen him • on* numerous : occasions. Swee
ney's explanation that- he was "rattled"
when testifying in the police court was
not -sufficient. ¦
Scores Anita Clark.
l»'*his argument to the juryvAssistant
District Attorney .: Ashe contended that
the testimony of. Mrs. Foote, Sherman,
the -hackman, and:' Anita:Clark as to the
identity of : Galvin -was very., conclusive.
He hinted, mildly that the . relatives of
Galvin,, on whose testimony it was pur
posed to establish, an alibi/were interest
ed persons and that they: would do almost
anything to -rescue a beloved brother
from' a long term of imprisonment in
State' prison. -He insisted Galvin was
guilty and he '; demanded v a- verdict as
charged. . ¦;•'.;»: '
• Galvin's statementthathe had not met
Miss Lee, the roommate of- '¦ Anita Clark,
before he ¦ was introduced /to; her by De
tective Dinan was denied in rebuttal by
the .detective. - He insisted that Galvin
and Miss .Lee were acquainted prior to
the, robbery. ,. This, closed the testimony.
that Galvin had a good reputation. For
mer District Attorney. Ernest Weyancl,
City Trustee Owen Sullivan and J. M.
Scroggin. all of Colusa County, testified
that Galvin's- record was of the best. All
admitted, however, that. they knew noth
ing of his acts after leaving Colusa.
. The defendant next took the stand.% He
was .nervous and answered the questions
put to him in a trembling voice. He told
of his life at.Colusa, where he lived until
he was 18 years of age. Three years ago
he came, to, San Francisco. He was a
stone sawyer by trade, but having broken
his arm- accidentally, he found it necessary
to.seek otherand lighter employment. On
the day of the . robbery, he said, . he • re
tired at 3-, p. m. and did not rise until
10:30 p. m., when his brother . awakened
him. . On. leaving * his home he went to
Hopkins" saloon, drank with Kearney and
Hopkins; and then went to Nash's saloon,
Joseph Kearney, a check clerk* in the
employ of the Southern Pacific and liv
ing at 131 Eddy street, testified that; he
met and drank with Galvin at. the saloon
of William Hopkins, 131 Eddy street,
about 11:15 o'clock on the night of -the
robbery. Galvin was in a hurry, and on
his statement that he wanted to go-" to
work at once the J witness looked at '" the
clock over the bar. •• . tX
§t '.'You looked at the clock?" inquired ''As
sistant Prosecuting Attorney Ashe. .; ¦ ¦
! "You bet I : dld," replied the ; witness
flippantly. ' , .
"Be ' careful how you answer questions,'
sir,'!. remarked the/court severely. .- , <
Several • witnesses were then sworn and
they, testified that they saw Galvin at his
employment • at 1 30 Fourth' street at all
hours from 11:45' p. 'm." until 4 a.-m.^These
were J. ; .T/ Finn, Henry Sexton, T. F."
Conroy and Thomas Fay." ¦ ¦ ¦> ¦¦¦' ¦ -. ¦
John F. Manning of 1018 Post street^
who was Galvin's roommate in December,'
testified -that he arrived home shortly be
fore It o'clock and found Galvirt dressing
himself. Galvin left the house a ¦ few
minutes before 11 o'clock. • • .
Roommate Helps Alibi.
the employ of Thomas Nash at 30 Fourth
street,' and/ it was his custom to work
there from/midnight until noon. The wit
ness awakened his brother at 10:30 p. m.,
he said, and a few? minutes later the de
fendant .left, the house. ' There .was.no
cross-examination. Miss Lizzie Galvin, a
sister of - the i defendant, swore thax - she
was in her brother's room at 10 o'clock
on the same evening and that he was
sound asleep In his. bed. "
MAN ACCUSED OP BEATING AND ROBBING AGED MRS. FOOTE, CHIEF WITNESS FOR THE PROSECUTION
AND THE SISTER OF THE DEFENDANT, WHO TESTIFIED POSITIVELY THAT HER BROTHER' WAS IN
BED AT HOME ON THE NIGHT OF THE ROBBERT.
The class rooms of the art institute of
Chicago now house about 2000 pupils, and
inan^oS^or^ ™«
The word miscreant formerly signified
only an unbe lever, an infideL Join of
Arc in the literature of her time, was
called a miscreant-
California Optical Co. will formally open
their new store at 205 Kearny street Sat
tovited 6^ 111 " 5 ' AprfI 5 ' Y ° U are cord i a »y
The "Ever Ready Flashlights and Elec
trical Goods" agency, formerly held by
Pacific Coast Novelty and Supply Co." has
been transferred to E. H. Baxter 31 2d •
All this time Miss Oliver was working
at the Sunset office, but she quit writing
at Rumble's dictation last Saturday. Then
came the denouement which led to the
appearance in court of Rumble yesterday
and the rejrir.-and and his threatened ar
rest for perjury. Jordan's attorneys hunt
ed up Miss Oliver and succeeded in get
ting her deposition in which she said she
wrote the Allington letter and presented
the same to Judge Murasky. When Lie
matter came up before the Judge yester
day Rumble was sanguine that he was
safe from further inquiry, but Miss Oli
ver s presence in the courtroom puzzled
him. When she was placed on the wit
ness stand and told how she wrote the
letter which Rumble claimed had been
written by Mrs. Allington- he displayed a
great deal of fear and tried to brazen the
matter out by branding Miss Oliver as
a liar. He was very quickly told, how
ever by the court, that In this case her
word would be taken in preference to his.
I am satisfied." said Murasky "that
the young lady has told the truth. You
nave attempted to deceive the court, and
if the evidence was sufficient to meet the
statute on perjury I would cause you to
be prosecuted. As I am in doubt, I will
take no action, but I now order you to
show your books to Mr. Jordan at once "
A few weeks ago W. EC Jordan, a
stockholder in the corporation, applied to
the Superior Court for an order directing
Rumble to appear in court with the com
pany's books, so that he could find out
lor himself how the corporation was pro
gressing. The order was issued by Judge
Murasky and Rumble made his appear
anee, but without the books. He told the
Judge that the books were in the posses
sion of Mrs. K. E. Allington of Rochester.
N. Y.. president of the company, and that
in consequence they could not be pro
duced here. He showed the court a letter
purporting to have been written by Mrs.
Allington. in which reference to the books
was made in such a way that the court
was led to believe that they were not in
this State. Rumble was given a lecture
on the propriety of obeying court orders
and told of the dangers surrounding con
tempt proceedings, and the matter was
continued.
George W. Rumble, secretary of the
Sunset Gold Mining Company, will never
again put his trust in any young lady
whom he selects to do his typewriting. Ha
trusted Miss Flora Oliver of 1441 Clay
street, who wrote all Uie letters that in
formed the pubflc ofwihe existence of
Rumble and the mining company and as
a result received a very severe reprimand
from Judge Murasky yesterday. Mlsa
Oliver possesses a cftscience, and to
this conscience is due Rumble's downfall
and the exposure of a scheme on his part
to prevent a stockholder of the company
gazing on the books in which are record
ed the debits and credits of the concern.
Morrill failed to get his divorce on the
ground of desertion and tne action was
dismissed. \\ ithin a month a second suit
was filed and Mrs. Morrill was charged
with desertion and lnfide'iity. Tnis suit
she alleges, came like a thunderbolt from
a clear Eky and she determined to do a
little suing herself. Hence Mrs. Wiseman
is made plaintiff in a suit for damages for
the theft of a husbands affections.
ilrs. Morrill's suit for damages Is based
or this action for divorce. She alleges
that the cause of her husband's derelic
tion is an elderly woman named "VYiseman.
She claims that through the machinations
and, plans of Mrs. Wiseman her husband's
affections were weaned from her and that
the suit for divorce was filed at her in
stigation.
Mrs. Morrill alleges that when her hus
band left her in Los Angeles he was at
tracted by Mrs. Wiseman's wealth. Ac
cording to her complaint, Mrs. Wiseman
gave her husband a complete outfit of
wearing apparel and completed her con
quest by taking Morrill on several trips
to the northern part of the State and to
the Klondike, paying all the expenses of
each trip. A voyage to Honolulu on the
steamer Sierra followed their return from
Aiaska, the expense of which was borne
alleges Mrs. Morrill. by Mrs. Wiseman.
They returned from Honolulu in No
vember of last year, alleges Mrs. Mor
rill, and two months after th*ir arrival
Morrill commenced his action for divorce.
Morrill. ghe alleges, wrote to her and
told her that it would be better for them
both to "agree to disagree" and notified
her that he would commence an action
for legal separation. In his letters,
charges Mrs. Morrill. he told her that he
had lately come into a piece of propertv
which had yielded him $1200, and she al
leges he offered to give to her $1000 of
that amount.
They settled in Los Angeles and pre
pared to resume their happy relations.
Then came the first rift in their happi
ness. Morrill came to this city, leaving
lus vrife in the City of Angels to await a
summons from him to come here and es
tablish a permanent home. The summons
i-ever came, at least not the expectsd
summons. A summons to appear and de
fend herself against a charge of deser
tion, preferred against her by her hus
band in an action for divorce, reached
her, however.
For fifteen years the Morrills lived hap
pily together. They were married at
Auburn, Me., in 1S75 and lived a life of
peace and contentment in the Pine Tree
State until a year ago. when they packed
up their belongings, disposed of the little
cotUige and came to California.
Mrs. Xellie F. Morrlll of Los Angeles
has sued Mrs. L. Wiseman, a woman
much older than herself, for $50,000 dam
ages for the alleged alienation of the af
fections of plaintiff's husband.
Secretary Says Mrs.
Allington Indited.
Says She Wrote Letter
Wife Sues Alleged Thief
of Affections for
Damages.
FLORA OLIVER
EXPOSES RUMBLE
HUSBAND'S LOVE
VALUED HIGHLY
After .a trial of three days," a Jury. in
Judge Dunne's court in the case: of Dan
iel McLaughlln, charged with attempting
to. criminally assault Mrs. Lizzie Noisat
on January 1 last in a vacant lot on Army
street,*, brought in a vverdict yesterday
afternoon of simple assault.-; John'Dough
erty, charged with the 'same offense;- has
yet to be tried. -McLaughlin was .tried
some months ago in Judge Lawlor's court,
along with his brother, '; for .assault : to
mil rder .upon .Police Sergeant /Lewis' anc
got off with a sentence for simple assault.
Daniel McLaughlin's Luck.
Belle Xulvenbruck, an Incorrigible,
Runs Away From. Home and 1 -
Is Arrested. \; ,
Belle Kulvenbruck, 15 years of age and
whose parents live on Filbert -street, ran
away from home about three months ago
£.nd was arrested Tuesday by Detectives
Fitzgerald and Graham in the Mission.
She appeared before Judge Fritz : yester
day and will probably be ' sent to the
Magdalen Ayslum to-day. v ,.
About a year ago the girl was caught in*
-Weinstock, Lubin & Co.'s store stealing
Jewelry and other articles. She. had a
bag of candy in her. hand, and when look
ing at the Jewelry she would p.lace her
sticky 'hand on some article and transfer
it to the bag. She had taken a pair of
gloves, which she carried. under her arm
pit, and that led to her detection. . Mr.
Weinstock took her into his office and
after questioning her made. her-,write a
confession. He then sent for Officer Mc-
Murray of the California Society. for the
Prevention of Cruelty to /Children and
told him to keep the confession and if she
behaved herself for a year to give it back
to her. She was then allowed to go. .
Tlje girl's elder sister, Rosie, ran away
from home about five years ago, and her
disappearance caused considerable com:
ment. She was finally discovered living
in a scow at Suisun. She was brought to
this city and sent to the Magdalen Asy-'
lum; -. . ... : ¦ " ¦
CLEVER RUSE OF -GIRL .;
TO STEAL 'ARTICLES
The finishing of the trial consumed. the
greater part of the day. The attorneys in
their arguments severely roasted the wit
nesses who were against them. ' ¦
Daniel Galvin, a brother of : the de
fendant, was the flrst witness called for
the defense. He testified that on the
evening of Mrs. Foote's robbery he saw
his brother lying asleep in a room the
latter shared with John F. Manning .in
thfl Galvin residence at .565 O'Farrell
street. The defendant was a barkeeper in
Judge Lawlor received the verdict. The
people were represented by Barney Flood
of the District Attorney's office when it
was rendered.
Galvin made an attempt to prove an
alibi, but was unsuccessful. The confes
sion of Anita Clark, who pleaded guilty
to her portion of the crime some time
ago, was strong evidence against the de
fendant.
A SINGULAR verdict was rendered
by a jury In Judge Cook's court
late last night. Thomas Galvin,
who was on trial for having
robbed Mrs. Foote in a hotel on
Geary street last December, was. found
guilty .of grand larceny. The indictment
charged robbery, but the Jury for some
unknown reason overlooked the fact that
force had been used, the unfortunate
woman's jaw being broken by the assail
ant and her face horribly beaten in the
struggle to protect her wealth. '
Man Who Brutally Beat
Elysium Is? Gonvic^||(^lGraridf ||r|enpftltpl|s||
mony of Anita Glarlc Being Too'Strong to Overcome
EFFORTS TO PROVE AN ALIBI FAIL
AND THE JURY FINDS GALVIN GUILtt
where he remained until noon of the fol
lowing, day. .¦.'--'¦"•' - v
i "Were. you ever a visitor at the Palmer
¦¦ i lee?".. inquired'. Attorney Barrett for the
. defense. ••.• .'¦ • ' ;' :"-..• -
r "Never." -' • :.¦ *¦'¦¦¦ " :
! ;"I)o you 'know Anita Clark?"; , ; •
• .Denies He Knew Anita Clark. .'.
¦'"No,';' sir'.- I never saw her until ' after-- 1
;was arrested." : ¦•¦, . •..
: "Did you-know Mrs. Foote prior to your
. ; arrest.?'.' '¦¦-"" ¦ • / . • . '
? "I .never saw . her ¦ till after. I was ar
"¦ rested." . -
¦ "Did you ride in' a v hack with her?"
: ; . "No, sir." .--.-• - •„ •¦;¦
"Did you ever take -any money from
her?"
"No, sir," was. the emphatic reply.
The witness was allowed to leave the
stand without cross-examination, and
testimony was then introduced to show
14
Beklns Van and Storage Co. will move
your goods and etore them. Phone Main 1840. •
Frederick D. Underwood, who Is slated
for the Northern Pacific presidency, began
as a brakeman on the St. Paul.
Try the Cafe Zlnkand for lunch. Goo<J (
meats well cooked, well served. • V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wash Silk Reduction
Designed to clearseveral hundred pieces in a day. Quality is such
as to commend itself to careful buyers, and at price quoted affords an
opportunity seldom offered.
Superb Collection of Colored Wash Silks
S1YLISH AND SERVICEABLE. f.fK-
SALE PRICE, Yard. . WC
* : 1 ; : ; *
An Fxtra Snccial * 2 » $1 - 50 » $1 Novelt y Dress
An cxira special Fabrics Friday a t n/x
Friday. Yard sue
500 yards Black Peau de CyRne, This promises to be a busy day
the new silk for waists and gowns; in the Dress Goods section. We
superior quality and finish; value, have carefully searched for super-
85c excellent values. These goods are
• " c 1 Tk • z:« \r-.-J not specially new, but the price is
SalC PriCC OUC xara. extremely low for the qualities.
* — — ; ! ;— *
Stylish Black SilK DlacK and Colored
Skirts. Peau de Soie
QUALITY TELLS. Wafsts (
FK1LE 3ELL3. A com bination of style, utility
These skirts are of high quality and economy: the newest effect
Taffeta silk, accordion pleated of hemstitching andCJJ ,^p
and well finished; equalOp n f| tucks. Friday sale 0/1 f H
to any $7-00 quality.Oh |||| price... Tl I U
Friday UlUU Regular value $7.50.
4— : : : — ; •£?:
Black Satine Mercerized Petticoats.
Light-weight, trimmed with two rows of hemstitched ft I f\r
ruffles; worth $2.00. Friday \ I / »|
..; Ull£U
(— .§ORQS[§ —^
\\ ** JHA9* M4SX ' X \ZJ
I Evtx popuU, because cf their graceful lines, sn« ? -fittin ? and
I wlrhTu^-^^ c of selected lefthe^s
Our artist designen are ever on the alert creating designs
that are most phasing to thr eye and comfortable to*th?!S
frosts patent feather calf extension sole shoes are best suited
for street wear at (his season
n 100 Styles. 35^* *=^r^
g Every Leather. OLJ Always. I
I i^^fiiii^^iMi - u § - J
L • 50 Third SL "Sr. J
VmiUUBWBa B00K OF BOOTS MAILED ON REQU£ST t ||||B| jff
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING A WARNING TO THE PUBTTr
J&&WSgZ^L BER CO.. San .>OTICE-\Vhen wishing
*B33r i^yfiTXvJW Francisco. Guns. 'va<»w** 1° con s u 't -MR. GEORGb
%/ Q7 \m. FJshing Tackle and &&3§&t& IK '^ k «" a
|t*3J Sporting Goods. r*£s3k5&& : i )%, .. on m " window
IS> Send for Catalogue. 5^Lj5s ind ye iv«i«:i?' rade Mark)
¦ ««£>» ¦'g£S»f *?$¦ INSIST unon seeing
i'"' tSEOHGK MAY-
ft*rr nnill I Corner ourt '» and "" )?„ LE ,^ PERSONALLY.
PflFF kiIYqI -«,« MM&B^^¥^&
uniL nuiHLg« o^-.s«!s 1^" 1^ ° n every - in -
vaiise* checked trm. I 1O71 Market Street.
iqbob:
I Friday and=^=8
I Saturday Specials
i GOLDEN GATE
I CLOAK anpSUIT HOUSE
j HIGH GRADE TAILOR MADE SUITS, j
! SILK LONG COATS, MOIRE ETONS,
• THREE QUARTER SILK COATS.
I CUT RATES CUT RATES ;
j ANTIQUE MOIRE LONG COATS, velvet trimmed revers, heavy
satin-lined throughout. Regular price $25.00 — " '
i CUT RATE, $20.00 i
j : .TAFFETA SILK LONG COATS, elegantly tailor stitched, heavy. 1
I satin-lined throughout. Regular price $25.00 — ' \
\ : - Sw" CUT RATE, $20.00 !
I NAVY BLUE STORM SERGE TAILOR SUITS, double-breasted j
I Eton, with peplih silk revers and velvet collar, silk-lined jacket, new '
.graduated. flounce skirt, lined throughout with amisilk. Excellent
value $20.00— . '\ ]
1 CUT RATE, $15.00 i
! $46T6b and $4500 NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, modelssof perfect tailor- i
1 ing, richly trimmed—
I [i CUT RATE, S32.5O i
3 TAN VENETIAN' JACKETS, newest spring styles, short, jaunty effect,
j taffeta silk lined throughout, perfect fitting: vah'.e $10.00—
\ CUT RATE, $7.50
I PIN STRIPED PEDESTRIAN SKIRTS, well made, graduated flounce. •!
j ; value' $4.00— j !
I CUT RATE, S3.00 j
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
IflBBBBHBBBBBBBBflBflBBflBaHBBBBHBBBBBBBflBBBaBas!
BBBaDSBODSIHB
ADTrgBTISEMENTS.
Friday and Saturday
p| , ,, , _ 1 ¦¦¦!!¦ HMIIimilM I . .. — ...~— ¦— ».<
The shoes are regular goods reduced for the two
i days only — Monday the prices go back to the original
figures. You can't possibly get better values than these
there's not a living profit for-ariy .shoe "store in selling
the goods right along at such prices. We offer the shoes
as leaders to get you acquainted with us. Buy — save 20
per cent — your practical judgment will so dictate when
you see the shoes.
Ladies* fine k'.d Oxfords, medium Men's tan Oxford, flat forepart last.
5 heavv sol™ extended and medium punched vamo, very swell; Friday and
broad to<*7 Friday and Saturday Saturday only *2.05
; only ?l.ho _
* **.* Men'* patent leather Oxfords, im-
Ladic< kid lace shoes, extendefl ted material, very stylishly made:
Foles. cither patent leather or kid I tips_ £^4 and Sa t u rday only 92^*5
. Friday and Saturday only J
Ladies' tan calf lace shoes, this Men's soft calfskin (velour) lace
season's share and shade. Friday and shoes, excellent material, perfect in
Saturday onlr $2.3o nt; Friday and Saturday only... 92.83
Ladies' patent leather or enamel j^ . ten ca , f lacc Fhoes% flrst .
Oxfords. Goodyear welted soles, tn- class Roods . fuII toe . Friday and
day and Saturday only ?-•^ Saturday only. Sizes 9 to 13...S1.G5
infants" and olHI^n's kid button «« to 2 ..*1^_^/ J to 6%. .^.or. ;
shoes I^ent >«"»«* Jlpii. hand- kjd Oxfords wUh heel
SfT 1 f« nu Saturdaj on » extended soles: Friday and
j IlzeJ S to%^pnj ! Vh^l S ;:::::::::«5c Saturday only, sizes^to 13 $1.40
Children's and misses' r>atent kid We guarantee all our shoes and call
fsoft r>atrnt leather) lace shoes, dull rarticular attention to the durability
I kid toss. me<iium soles: Friday and of our boys' shoes; we always replace
Saturday only. Sizes 6 to 8....S1.IB a r«air that does not wear to tha
S^4 to li..^>1.35 HVs to 2.-91.85 J mother's entire satisfaction.
KAUFMANN'S
832 Marfiet Street
HHB*&i|p Stem I
«otb YnlSft J2/? I MsL. LBnifflBBiMcnHiiUlgl oMiBrjBtMmOnin IIlmmkiHiHuIi 1 ? *a