BRITISH
LEADERS
GRATEFUL
VOLUME XCH— NO. 7.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.
STRIKERS
PROTECT
GUARDS
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
MINE WORKERS* ASSOCIA
TION OF AMERICA.
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF OF
BRITISH FOKCES IN SOUTH
AFRICA.
TWO MEMBERS OF CONGRESS
WHO MADE REMARKABLE
SPEECHES YESTERDAY. -
Continued on Page Two.
CAPE TOWN, June 6.— An order pub
lished by the Gazette to-day appoints Sun
fl«y, June 8, and Monday, June 9, as
thanksgiving days and holidays through
out Cape Colony.
Lord Kitchener, in a dispatch from Pre
toria, dated to-day, announces that the
British Commissioners in the various dis
tricts report 1154 Boers laid down their
arms., yesterday. Afterward the Commis^
Eloners addressed the Boers, who gave
three hearty cheers for King Edward.
Ihe beet possible relations exist between
the Boers and the British, and. there has
been no hitch in the proceedings any
where.
KRUGER IS EXEMPTEDr
The Birmingham Post, the organ of Co
lonial Secretary Chamberlain, to-day says
that, ovving to his age and infirmities, the
British Government has waived Its claim,
for the acknowledgment by Mr. Kruger
of British sovereignty over the Trans
vaal and has guaranteed to all the Boer
delegate* in Europe a safe conduct to
their homes In South Africa-
According to a news agency. Colonel
Arthur Lynch, who fought with the Boers
In South Africa, was elected in November
last to represent Galway in the House of
Commons, and who it was announced
last night in a dispatch from Paris had
decided to go to London early next week
and- attempt to take his seat in the House,
will not be allowed to carry out his in
tention. He will be arrested, It is said, on
\he charge of treason Immediately after
landing In England. A sharp watch is
being kept for Colonel Lynch, and if he
reaches Westminster it will be by strata
gem.
. Lord Kitchener replied in behalf of the
army in South Africa, tendering his sin
cere thanks for the congratulations of the
Government, which he was cure the
troops would receive with great satisfac
tion.
The War Office has sent congratulations
to Lord Kitchener on the energy, skill
end patience with which he conducted
the long campaign in South Africa and
has asked him to communicate to the
troops the Government's profound sense
of their spirit of endurance, bravery and
discipline, and also of their humanity,
ehown throughout the trying period.
SENDS CONGRATULATIONS.
The Colonial Secretary, Joseph Cham
l-erlain, at the' opening here this after
noon of the temporary club, established
for the use of the colonial troops who are
to attend the coronation, said the empire
owed a great debt to the colonies, v.hich
had furnished the motherland with an
army in South Africa larger than the
British army which fought at Waterloo.
ferred to the South African
¦^'ar. He said the load was only thor
oughly realized now that it had been re
moved and that peace had not been
bought by unnecessary concessions. He
s-aid he could respect the fighting burgh
ers. The contention cf the Liberals, he
continued, that peace might have been se
cured a year ago was untenable because
General Botha then demanded independ
ence.
-|gr OKDON", June 6.— A. J. Baifour,
ff Government leader in the
B House of Commons, in a
B * speech at a Conservative ban
™ lf W quet in London to-night, re-
Congratulations Are
Sent to General
Kitchener.
3. By reason of the separation, the religious
orders can no longer perform in behalf of
the state the duties. In relation to public In
struction and public charities formerly resting
upon them and the power which they formerly
exercised, through their relations to • the civil
government, being now withdrawn, they find
themselves the objects of such hostility on
the part of their tenantry against them as
landlords and on the part of the . people of
the parishes against them as representatives
OBJECTS OF HOSTILITY.
2. It Is necessary to deal now with the re
sults of establishing a government controlled
by this principle in the . Philippine Islands,
which have for centuries been governed under
an entirely different system, with church and
state closely united and having functions of
the ona exercised by agents of the other;
where the church has long controlled and
acted virtually as the agent of the stale In
the field of public instruction and public chari
ties, and ha» from time to time acquired large
properties held by It or by its subordinate
corporations or officers for these public uses.
.A novel situation has been created under which
the adjustment of means to ends appropriate
to the former system entirely falls to produce
the Intended result under the new system, and
the separation of church and state requires to
be followed by a readjustment and rearrange
ment In the interests both of church and of
state, and for the attainment^ of the great
ends of civil government, of education, of
charity and of religion.
1. One of the controlling principles of our
Government Is the complete separation of
church and state, with the entire freedom of
each from any control or Interference by the
other. This principle la Imperative wherever
American Jurisdiction extends, and no modifica
tion or shading thereof can be a subject of dU
cusilon.
Tou are accordingly authorized in the course
or your return Journey to Manila to visit Rome
and there ascertain what church authorities
have the power to negotiate for and determine
upon a sale of the lands of the religious orders
in the Philippine Islands, and if you find, as
we are informed, that the officers of the church
ai Rome have such power and authority, . you
will endeavor to attain the results above Indi
cated. Any negotiations which you may en
ter upon are always subject to granting of
power by Congress to follow the negotiations
by binding action. In any conferences and
negotiations you will bear In mind the (follow
ing propositions which are deemed to be funda
mental and which should be fully and frankly
stated to the other side In the negotiations:
CHURCH AND STATE.
Sir: It is now apparent that Congress will
not have acted upon the Philippine. Commis-
Elon*B recommendations regarding the purchase
of friars' lands before the time of your departure
for Manila, which cannot be longer , delayed.
You cannot, therefore, as we hoped, receive
definite instructions and proceed, to take such
steps in the execution of specific authority from
Congress, as should properly be taken before
you return to Manila. The committees of both
houses have, however, reported favorably upon
th«s commission's recommendations, and It ap
pears probable that Congress will confirm their
action. In view, therefore, of the critical situ
ation of this subject in the Philippines and of
the apparent impossibility of disposing of the
matter there by negotiating with the friars
themselves, the President does not feel at lib
erty to lose the opportunity for effective action
aftorded by your presence in the Weat. He
v.iEhes you to take up the subject tentatively
nith the ecclesiastical superiors, who must ul
timately determine the friars' course of con
duct, and endeavor to reach at least a basis
of negotiation along lines which will ba satis
factory to them and to the Philippine Govern.
ment, accompanied fey a full understanding on
both sides of the case and the views and pur
poses of the parties to the negotiations, so that
when Congress shall have acted the business
may proceed to a conclusion without delay.
May 9. 1002.
Secretary Root sent to the Philippine
committees of the Senate and House text
ual copies of the Instructions given by
him to Governor Taft. These instructions
were exhibited* yesterday by Governor
Taft to the Vatican officials and, as will
be perceived from their context, served
the purpose of credentials. The text fol
lows: ' '
TEXT OF INSTRUCTIONS. *
The step which has been taken marks
a new and radical departure in American
diplomacy. There was hesitation for a
long time as to whether it would not be
impolitic to have an official clothed with
all the authority of the President in the
matter consult with the Vatican on a
question of administration either In the
United States or its insular possessions. -
Other Presidents have hesitated to con-"j
suit with any denomination about its
policy, but the situation regarding the
friars' lands was so difficult and possessed
so many unique features that it was
finally decided that Governor Taft should
go to Rome and fully explain the diffi
culties of the case with a view to arriv- ;
Ing at a harmonious understanding.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. June 6.— Politicians
of all parties who have been watching
with interest the negotiations ii> progress
between the administration and the Vat
ican over the disposal of the lands of the
friars in the Philippines eagerly read the
synopsis of the President's letter to the
Pope, w.hich was made public in the White
House to-day, and the instructions issued
to Judge Taft, governing his interview
with the spiritual head of the Roman
Catholic church.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Negotiation at the
Vatican on Points
at Issue.
Proposed Settlement
of Friar Lands
Question,
Root Makes Public
the Instructions to
Governor.
MISSION
OF TAFT
TO ROME
Continued * on ; Page ¦ Two.
; "W. L. Canfleld, the engineer of the
work train, was found to have sustained
a severe cut and contusion with possibly
internal injuries. , He was in" a semi-con
scious condition.
At the railway hospital it was found
¦Wlllard was suffering from, extensive
lacerations of the scalp and leg and a
severe cut on the right hand..
Engineer Wlllard of the wrecked Sac
ramento local said at the railroad hos
pital In this city last night that hi3 train
had just started and had not "gone more
than two lengths , when at Army Point
the work train came at full speed. He
knew nothing about the approaching train
being on the road. He said that the col
lision, was so sudden that neither he nor
Fireman Barnes had time to Jump. After
the crash "Willard found himself beneath
the wreckage of the work train ana
crawled out. '
CANFIELD BADLY HURT.
ing. the territory of the volcano; , that in
Lake Nicaragua itself there were "two
vclca))oes, one of which had been, active
recently. .',]'
"Is it," he inquired, "reasonable. or safe
to put aside lightly such conditions? We
are not going backward In history to find
illustrations,' but- we are considering the
dangers from, volcanoes that ' may ', arise
at. any time. If there ¦ were no other
reason, would ¦ not these, reasons cause
any party or any corporation -to hestltate
in the expenditure of $200,000,000?" •
. Hanna; declared that if one of the vol
canoes : In . Lake Nicaragua should play
the ; same part as Mont Pelee had played
enough lava and mud and rock would be
ejected to fill , Lake , Nicaragua.
"May I .suggest," , said Harris of Kan
sas, "that the whole island of Martinique
would •- not fill one-half of the lake of
Nicaragua?"; ••':.•. ":¦:¦ , -; . .-; .;¦
FAVOR PANAMA ROUTE.
Hanna V presented a. synopsis of the
statements;' of .elghty : three captains '.of
ocean-going steamers and other vessels
bearing on, the. 'use of an isthmian canal,
and said" it- seemed , to him a sound; busi
ness proposition . to, build the canal . along
the route preferred by seafaring irien. All
the masters' questioned had had experi
ence in'., navigating the: Suez,. Manchester
and Kiel 'canals. ; ¦ .They .'were j unanimous
in favor of the 'Panama route for steam
ers" 400 feet long .arid .; 25 . feet draft,' pro
vided both \ canals ': were in operation - and
weather ; and p expense, conditions I were
equal.' From, the answers to the questions
propoundedrhe.! said it was evident", that
the •masters questioned • much preferred
the Panama 'to,; the Nicaragua' route.' :
.' Hanna ,; suggested that If. the United
States should decide: to a canal
along" the' Nicaragua 'route it would have:
no assurance '• ; that '., some other " nation -
¦would . not -decide to complete the Panama
canal. If- such .jealousy should ¦ arise ; as ;
would prompt another nation to construct*
the' Panama canal the United .States, V in
his opinion,: would be at < a serious dlsad- *
vantage.'-- ¦.•¦.';' . • ¦ , {..,. :'<.'¦ - ;_ .'
PRESENTED BY MORGAN. ' ¦:¦
: Beria tor : Morgan,^ chairman of. 'the ¦Com
mittee on : Interoceanlc ; Canals, /presented
a- letter' from. Secretary [.-. off State; Hay-; In
closing copies : of, letters received ; by the
State Department- regarding earthquakes
arid> riots In. the- department %t Panama.'
The letters; Inclosed clippings
'describing;, the "earthquakes.' 1 . The - Secre
tary of- State; saltl that the ; re port of -the
riots would '; cover' 1000 typewritten ; pages
Hanna said that j in the construction of
this canal . the -United States was . lnvad-
As to the possibilities of danger from
seismic disturbances, he thought: It was
practically an even thing between the two
routes. There was not enough/ danger
along either: route to deter th©^United
States from building/ th© canal: either j In
Nicaragua or Panama, He laid particular
stress ' on th© . danger . to . the ' Nicaragua
route from volcanoes and he referred to
the ' maps arranged on ' the walls . of the
chamber to' show the active arid", extinct
volcanoes In the regions of the Nicaragua
route. He quoted Professor Hejlprin, the
volcano expert, as saying that the region
of Panama was not' iri danger, from vol
canic disturbances." It was a curious fact
that on the maps Mont Pelee,', the 'awful"
volcano on the Island of Martinique, was
marked as being extinct^ - - •
DANGER OF VOLCANOES.
Hanna criticized the testimony of Cap
tain Merry, \ United States', Minister to
Nicaragua, who supported the Nicaragua
route. He said- Captain Merry.^was. a
stockholder in the Maritime Canal Com-;
pany, which of . course wanted the; Nicar
agua route adopted. ¦ The Ohio Senator
suggested that Captain Merry would bet
ter attend to his official duties and riot liij
terest himself In questions of this kind. :
Hanna discussed, at longrth the'englneer
lng difficulties, presented In the construc
tion of the Bohio dam of the Panama
route, maintaining -. that It . was fa j feas
ible project . in « the hands of '.(modern
skilled engineers.
CRITICIZES MERRY.
canal bill, Harina of Ohio
continuing his argument in support of th<jj
Panama canal. . The Ohio Stenator de4
clared that no, political considerations
we're involved in the canal .problem. He
presented the opinions of e'ghty-thre*
shipmasters and pilots in favor of the
Panama route as against the Nicaragua
route, for many reasons which they'citetf.
Hanna urged that tha construction of
the Nicaragua canal was beset with un
known difficulties, while the, construction
of the Panama canal was "an open book."
He laid particular stress on the^danger
of the Nicaragua route , f rom ¦ volcanoes
and urged that it was not good business
policy to ignore those dangers In a pro
ject' involving an expenditure of ¦JSOO.OOO,
000. In conclusion Hanna appealed to the
Senate to consider the measure as a busi
ness proposition, and with some' feeling
repudiated the suggestion that those fav
oring the Panama route werje notin favor
of any canal. ; .-} :";•' -:
"W W J ASHINGTON - i june •&— .
S Elk / After transacting some
yLffLf routine business to-day,
Br iSr the Senate resumed ' coni
' slderation of ttye Isthmian
Senator Still Argues
for the Panama
Route.
SECTION, ¦ STRICKEN" OUT.
I Llttlefleld of Maine made a legal argu
ment ; of ;'an hour and a half in closing
the .debate, on. the anarchy bill.
! The section of th© Senate bill providing
a bodyguard for the President was strick
en from, the Senate bill, as a precaution
in ["case | the , House substitute failed. An
effort ' was madeto strike from the first
section of the substitute the words limit
ing Vthe'crimeJ of killing the President to
the President" in his official capacity,. but
the motion ; was; lost, 63 'to 89. :
, Only one 'section had been disposed of
when the House adjourned.
. "I doubt whether, there is," said he, "a
brave Federal soldier within the sound of
my , voice <"\ who would have uttered the
sentiments expressed by the President,
even in tha heat of debate, much less upon
Memorial day. - I say the proprieties of
the occasion "were violated when the
President referred to what 'had been said
about Lincoln in- the heat of battle, when
men were aiming at each other's lives."
1 Richardson ; also condemned the Pres
ident's preferences to lynchings in the
South...
-.Richardson then read that portion of
President Roosevelt's speech in which he
referred to. the epithets applied to Grant
and Lincoln and the resolution passed by
the Confederate Congress denouncing the
methods of warfare employed by the
Union armies. Richardson aaid he should
not so far forget his environs as to char
acterize as it deserved language which
caine from the President of the United
States'tipon a solemn Memorial day oc
casion,, when honor was being done to the
thousands tof s brave, dead who died in de
fense of their flag. But he would dare to
say that It would have been far more ap
propriate i if the' President had referred
upon that occasion . to the magnamlnous
terms which Grant accorded Lee at Ap
pomattox, . which . had . done .bo much, to
reconcile the divided sections. .
PROPRIETIES VIOLATED.
Richardson recalled the visit of the late
President McKinley to Huntsville, Ala., a
year, ago,' the reception given him by the
Confederate and Union veterans. The
noble sentiments McKtnley uttered upon
that . occasion^ Richardson said, endeared
him to the South and he told of the great
sorrow felt there when ' McKinley fell at
Buffalo.- Loth as hjb was to do so, Rich
ardson said he felt It his painful duty to
contrast McKinley's sentiments at Hunts
ville with. Roosevelt's remarks at Arling
ton^ Mav 30th.
Representative ¦William
Richardson, an Alabama Democrat, con
demning the President in severe terms for
the references in his Memorial day oration
at Arlington to the epithets applied to
Lincoln and Grant during the Civil
War. and for his allusions to lynchings.
He declared that the President's remarks
violated: the proprieties of the occasion.
SDeclal Disratch to The Call.
W w-. WASHINGTON, June 6.—
la : Jit' / General debate on the
H /H '¦/' anti-anarchy bill closed
Br y to-day. The Incident of
"¦*'.'¦'*' the day was a speech by
Alabama Statesman
Enters Vigorous
Protest.
Raymond M. Barnes, the dead fireman,
resided at 1641 Harmon street, Berkeley.
He had been in the Southern Pacific em
ploy four years. Barnes was 23 years old,
the son of Mr. and Mrs. Edgar M. Barries.
His father, now in Alaska, is an attorney.
There is also a sister. Miss Beryl £.
Barnes.
"I - am Informed that Fireman Barnes
was killed by the coal piling upon himl
He must have been firing when the crash
came. Canfield was hurt by debris after
he jumped for his life. Wlllard stayed
with his engine and was the least hurt."
""We have been trying to make that
point as safe as possible. Fifty feet of
the embankment there had been dug away
and we were preparing to lay a double
track. . ' - _
"From all we know at present," he said,
"the tilame seems to lie with the crew of
the work train. They knew the passenger
train was due at the time they were run
ning into B_enicia. Perhaps they thought
they could 'steal* in and make a siding
before the passenger pulled out. Th© pas
senger has been late two or three times
and they might have thought they wer©
safe. It is the duty of all work trainmen
to keep clear of regular passenger trains.
Assistant Division Superintendent J. C.
"Wilder, acting for Division Superintend
ent Palmer, who is In New Orleans, took
personal charge of the wreck and direct
ed the clearing of the line from his office
at the pier. He attributes the accident to
an error of Judgment on the part of those
in charge of the work train, but declines
to absolutely fix the blame until he hears
the evidence of the crews.
OAKLAND. June 6.— Th© train bear
ing the injured from the Benlcla wreck
arrived at the Oakland mole at 9:30
o'clock to-night. Engineer W. L. Can
field was borne on a stretcher to a wait
ing-room pending the arrival of the boat
which was to take him to the Railroad
Hospital in San Francisco. - News of the
wreck had been sent to his wife at 1556
Eighth street, and she was at her hus
band's side to attend him. Engineer Ed
win E. Wlllard, whose home Is at 604 Sev
enteenth street, was able to walk aboard
the boat unassisted, though suffering from
a painfully wounded hand and severe
body Fireman Miller of the work
train did not come down with the train.
His wounds, which were slight, were
dressed at Benlcla and he then went to a
hotel. Miller is a new man In the rail
road service and this was his first trip out
as fireman.
TBATNV BBINGS ENVTUBED.
- A wrecking train was soon at the scene
a track was buftt around the
smashed engine and, cars. Train
was not long delayed. '•-
One hundred passenger^ on. th© local
miraculously escaped with slight bruises.
The only one receiving serious injuries
was a Japanese boy, who was cut about
the head. The work train was on the
way to San Pablo. Both engines and sev
eral cars were wrecked.
The work train was on the main track,
whe'n it should have been on a siding. The
responsibility lies between Conductor
George Martin of the work train and the
official giving the orders, which he re
ceived at Goodyear station.
"When the engineers noticed their peril
ous situation the levers were reversed and
all jumped for tlreir lives. Fireman
Barnes was a second too late and lost hi3
life.
Fireman R. M. Barnes of Berkeley, who
¦was on the passenger locomotive, was
buried beneath the wreckage of the two
engines and met death instantly. Engineer
Charles "Willard of San Francisco, In
charge of the pasenger engine, was badly
cut about the head and body and suf
fered a sprained knee. Engineer "William
Canfield of Port Costa, in charge of the
worJi train's locomotive, has a fractured
skull and serious bruises about the body,
but slight hppe of saving his life is enter
tained.. Fireman Mills of the work train
has a badly sprained ankle.
BENICIA, June 6.— A fatal head-on col
lision occurred at 5:40 v o'clock this evening
between the Sacramento local and a work
train just above Army Point. The en
gineers discovered their situation just Jn
time to prevent an awful disaster, but at
that one fireman was killed, an engineer
lies at the point of death and several oth
ers are badly injured.
Special Disratch to The Call.
Passengers Have a
Marvelous Escape
From Injury.
Fireman Loses Life
and Engineer May
Succumb.
Objection to
Arlington
Speech.
Roosevelt Is
Scored in
House.
Sacramento Local Is
Wrecked Near
Benicial
TRAINS
COLLIDE
HEAD=ON
HANNA TALKS FOR CANAL
CRITICISM OF PRESIDENT
result the "Wyoming re
gion was a place of almost absolute pedce
to-day. There -were no parades, marches
or any considerable gathering or persona
and the police authorities of the county
had little more to do than keep watch.
The Stanton colliery, where the shooting
occurred, was visited to-day by hundreds
of persons, who expected to see more
trouble, but no more crowds were allowed
to congregate In that neighborhood. Th»
colliery is closed down as tight as a drum
aa a result of the disturbance there. Even
the coal and iron police, with the excep
tion of four or five, gave up their jobs
and left town as quickly aa they could
get out. There were about twenty in the
party, including several colored* cooks.
Last night's demonstration was too much
for them and they decided to leave. /
. PBOTECTED BY STRJHEHS.
The fact in some manner became known
to the strikers and the latter promised to
protect them to ; the railroad station If
they would leave the city. Accordingly
under a strong guard of mine workers
th© ex-policemen left tha colliery and
marched to the offices of th© Lehigh and
"Wilkesbarre Coal Company, where they
received their pay and transportation.
Later the men left for New York and
Philadelphia.
j The preliminary hearing of the four coal
¦ and iron policemen who are charged with
1 the shooting of the boy was not held to
day, but they will probably be arraigned
to-morrow. The condition of the boy is
still serious, but it is believed he will
recover.
There were a number of desertions
among the fire bosses employed at several
mines in this vicinity, which caused tha
, companies much inconvenience.
WATER IS ACC U MUXATHTG.
President Mitchell said to-day that tha
strike of th© engineers, firemen and pump
men is practically complete.- Th© mining
superintendents say that as far as they
are concerned there has been no changa
in th© general situation in the past twen
ty-four hours. "Water Is still accumulat
ing in th© lower levels of som© of tha
mines, but the coal company officials
seem to be indifferent regarding the flood
ing of the workings.
Another boy, named John Short, aged 13
years, was seriously wounded her© to-day,
but his Injuries were not received as a
result of tha strike. H© was crossing a
farm at Sugar Notch, near here, owned
by the Lehigh and Wilkesbarre Coal Com
pany. Robert Hayden, th© tenant, has
been bothered^by idle men and boys cross
ing his place, so he decided to put a stop
to it. The lad, who works In a coal
breaker, was shot In the back, and his
wound is considered serious. Hayden was
arrested..
"GUARD" COMMITTEES.
All the local unions, at the request of
President Mitchell, to-day appointed
"guard" committees, whose duty it will
b© during the period of strike to prevent
persons from destroying property and
more especially to keep children away
from the collieries.
The strike of the soft coal miners . in
"West Virginia for higher wages, which
is to be begun to-morrow, will be directed
by President Mitchell from Wilkesbarre.
He said that there are 29,000 men in that
field, that 18,000 will stop work to-morrow
and that he expects the others will all be
out in the course of a few days.
'', ELK HORN, "W. Va., June 6.— The great
coal strike in West Virginia is > now in
the Flat Top. Elk Horn, Tug River and
Dlngess fields. This evening probably 10,
000 miners, all members of the United
Mine "Workers of America, came from tha
mines with plck3 on shoulder and declar
ed their Intention to remain out until tha
operators make them concessions demand
ed at the Hungton meeting a low weeks
aso. v •- •-„_.
<vjr y ILKESEARRE, Pa..June
*I JH / 6.— Last night's shooting
ra /1| / had a sobering effect up-
Br Mf on the idle men and boys
w 7 i n this valley and as a
Coal and Iron Police
Leave Scene of
Shooting.
The San Francisco Call.RULER OF ONE OF THE GER
MAN KINGDOMS WHO IS
CRITICALLY ILL.
TWO ACTIVE MEMBERS' OF
THE SERVIAN-MONTENE
GRIN PICNIC COMMITTEE.
ai ? d v. tne department could not finish it
within a month. The newspaper cUppings
yhich were read, described in detail the
destruction done by the earthquake In
T^ e documents we re referred to the
Committee on Interoceanic Canals In "or
de r« t » h . at the committee may determine."
Eaid Morgan, "whether it is necessary for
the Secretary of State to have the
month s work done on the report of
T?OtB«
Special Night Train to San Jose.
• For the accommodation of those attend
ing the night. parade of the, Mystic Shrin
ers,, Tuesday, June 10, the I Southern Pa
cific will run a special train from Third
street Depot to San Josej leaving at 11:45
p. ' m. ,' and stopping at all Intermediate
stations en route. •
NEVADA, June .«.— A freight train was
wrecked .below Blue Canyon this, morning.
Two cars/derailed in a deep cut, blocked travel
for. four hours. \ ,.:¦:¦ - , .
Itchinr, Blind.- Bleeding or Protruding Pilt*
No cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorised
by manufacturers of Paio Ointment to refund
money where It falls to cure any case of piles
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases In six days; worst cases In fourteen days
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
Itching Instantly. This is a new discovery, and
i.< the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A free sample will be
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, 60c. If your druggist don't keep
It In stock send 60c In stamps and we will for
ward full sUe box by mall. . Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., 8t. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture . the celebrated cold cure
Laxative Brorno-Quinlne Tablets.' '
Piles Cured Without- the Knife.
"Resolved," That the army and navy of
the United States in war, and peace is and
ever has been the bulwark of - national
safety, and we denounce • any attempt
that has been or may be made to slur the
glorious' record-, of our soldiers and sail
ors." :: . 'V- : --' ¦ '<¦¦¦¦' .' ; --'--' '-' \ ¦ '¦ ¦¦ : -'
BOISE/ Idaho;. June 6.— The Idaho En
campment of the Grand Army of the Re
public closed to-day. ' Nampa was select
ed as the place for the next annual meet
ing. George M. Parsons, was chosen com
mander.^ : Among the resolutions adopted
was the" following: * ;
Idaho Veterans Elect Commander.
TOPEKA, Kan., June 6.— There I« a
¦well-defined rumor here in Santa Fe Rail-'
road circles that Third . Vice President
Kendrick has resigned and has accepted
a position as ¦ the European representa
tive of the Westlnghotlse Airbrake ; Com
pany. None of ' the officials of the com-'
pany - here could . confirm the rumor to
night, v It is reported from Chicago also
and is believed by local railroad men to
be true. , .
Report of a -Resignation.
SLIGO, Ireland, June 6.-A special court
assembled here to-day under the crimes
act to try Patrick A: McHugh M • P
among a number of- Irish Leaguers on
the charge of conspiracy, and intimida
tion in connection with the complaint nt
a tenant of a farm from which a -Learuer
had been evicted. McHugh did not ap
pear and a bench warrant was issued for
his arrest. - i
Parliament Member in Trouble.
NEW YORK. June 6. — At a meeting of th»
Clearing House Association to-day the Central
National Bank waa fined (SOOO for violating
the rules of the association governing collec
tions on out of town checks. President Lan~
don. of the Central National, said that li th=>
bank was guilty of the charse made U had
erred unwittingly.
LOS ANGELES. June 6.— James Dearn,
a deserter from the United States army
garrison at Fort Wingate Arizona, was
taken north to-day to Alcatraz Island
Deam has been working in the city for
the past eight months until ten days ago
when he disappeared. Search was made
by his friends without avail until yester
day, when it was discovered that he had
surrendered himself to the recruiting of
ficer here. The man had been a sufferer
from malarial fever contracted in Cuba
and gave himself up in order to get med
ical attention. '
Malaria Lands a Deserter.
Consumers of Budweiser. brewed exclu
sively by the,- Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass'n,' are warned against other beers
bearing the same name or a similar in
bel.. Every bottle of ! Budweise™/« nro"
vided with the well known label, and each
cork is branded "Budweiser." Bewartnf
imitations by examining these features
and insist upon . Budweiser being ooen^d
in your presence. ** VBnea
. Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n. Order«
promptly filled by E. G.- Lyons & Raa«
Co., wholesale dealers. San Francisco. •
Be on the Alert.
VALLEJO PEOPLE HOPE
FOP^ VICTORY OVER HALE
Strenuous • Effort-Being 1 Made to Pre
vent' Proposed Abandonment of
• " v : i -the\Nav^ Yard; ¦
WASHINGTON, Jurie?6.— Senator Hale,
chairman of the Committee on Naval Af
fiira is making a persistent attempt to
induce -the Senate ,to abandon the Mare
Tshind Navy Yard. He contends that the
waters fat Mare Island- are not deep
pnoueh to accommodate modern first
clasa battleships.-.. -He has introduced-^,
amendment . to the naval Appropriation
bill providing that after careful Investiga
tion a. new site be acquired for a naval
yard on °tne Pacific Coast, It provides
for the abandonment of Mare Island.
Senator Halo seems to favor Bremerton,
on Puget Sound. The Seattle people are
working energetically to secure the sta
tion They represent that -the .big dry
dock there Is the only one on the Paclhc
Coast that can accommodate large ships.
Meanwhile the Vallejo people are striving
to retain the yard at Mare Island. Sen
ator Perkins Is a member of the Naval
Affairs 'Committee; and they, rely upon
him to protect California's interests. . .
SUNNYSIDE. Utah, June 6.— Tom Dllly,
a cattleman, shot and killed Steve Chip
man, a prominent sheepman, and shot
Chipman's Mexican herder through that
left hip, eight miles north of Sunnysida
this afternoon. The herder bleeding pro
fusely, managed to ride his horse to town
and notify the authorities.
It is reported that the men quarreled
over range rights. Chipman was un
armed, although he had hia rifle in a hol
ster on hla horse, several rod3 from where
the encounter occurred. The Mexican
was shot while trying to wrest the revol
ver from Dilly. Dllly rode through town
en route to Big Springs ranch and admit
ted the killing. ; .., '.
Two Men in a Range Bights
Quarrel.
Utah Cattle-Owner Opens Fire on
KILLS THE SHEEPMAN
AND WOUNDS A HEBDES
LORD CURZON ADVISES
IMPROVEMENT IN SUGAR
Bill Empowering India to Impose a
Countervailing Duty Is
Passed.
FIMLA. India, June «.— The sugar bill
empowering the Government of India to
impose a countervailing duty en sugar un
til the Brussels convention becomes ef
fective, passed the Council to-day The
Viceroy of India, Lord Curzon of fceddle
bton, in a speech exhorted the. refiners to
improve their methods and justify th2
protection provided by the countervailing
duties imposed on bountied sugar
As announced from Simla Mav 23 sujrar
shipped prior to that date will be exemnt
from the new dutv. " z'w:
PUEBLO, Colo., June 6.— Fire which
raged all afternoon in the Prudential In
surance Company's fine new four-story
building burned out the upper two floors
and contents and water used in quench
ing the flames soaked those of the
other two. The National Biscuit Com
pany, which occupied the larger section
of the building, sustains losses of $50 000
The damage to the building Is $20,000. The
total loss of $100,000 is fairly well insureu.
The fire Is supposed to have been started
by the explosion of a gasoline attachment
of one of the machines in the biscuit com
pany's extensive candy factory. Chief
Bradford had' the tendons of one hand
severed amid the showers of breaking
glass. The building was completed only
three months ago and cost $55,000.
Falling Glass Injures Fire Chief.
Continued from Page One.
HUM TALKS FOB PANAMA CANAL
Burglar Brown Gets Two Years.
SAN JOSE, June 6.-Frank Brown a
Belt-composed burglar, was sentenced to
two years In Folsom prison by Judge
Lorigan this morning. The. man was ar
rested here a few days ago. and in his
possession was found some silverware
stolen f rom the residence of G. E Hall at
Palo Alto. In eourt to-day Brown denied
having stolen the goods;- but "aid he
pleaded guilty because fee believed it the
wisest course out of a difficult position
LIQUOR STARTS FIGHT
THAT ENDS IN DEATH
One Man Killed and Another Fatally
Wounded in an Affray Near
Nakusp. .
NAKUSP, B. C, June 6.~One man Is
dead and another is probably fatally in
jured as- the result of a fight which took
Tiluce five miles below Nakusp on Wednes
day night. The dead man is J. J. Coic.
and Nels Demars had his skull" fractured.
The latter is 78 years of age. '
J J Cole, Demars and H. H. Rose, the
latter two being partners on tbe former's
ranch, ten/miles above Nakusp, had been
drinking in town during the afternoon.
All left in a boat for Rose's ranch, appar
ently good friends. Rose returned to town
late making the statement that h's friends
had met with foul play on the beach.
Four men went out with him and found
Cole dead. The place bore evidence of
having been the scene of a severe strug
gle Demara and Rose were brought ro
town. The latter was arrested, the
former being unconscious until noon yes
terday. •
Horse Train Meets Disaster.
BELLEFONTAINE. Ohio, June 6.— A
special horse train on the Cleveland, Cin
cinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad
was wrecked near Mix station to-day,
killing one man, injuring several others,
and injuring about twenty valuable horses
out of ninety-one on the train. Brakeman
Borden of Ansonia • was killed, and En
gineer Daniel Kunkel and Fireman George
Boyer, both of Bellefontalne, were badly
injured. The following horse owners were
also injured, none seriously: H. S. Argyle.
Nashville, Tenn.; J. J. Ogles, Fort Worth,
Tex.: J. M. Garth, Charlottesville; Va.;
G. W. Pangle, Washington, D. C. .,
Bare Plants Are Burned.
•TORONTO, Ont., June %,— The pavilion
in the Horticultural Gardens, the second
largest auditorium in Toronto, was burned
to the ground early to-day. The conserva
tory adjoining, in which were many val
uable and rare plants, was also badly
scorched and many of the plants were ir
reparably damaged. The loss is heavy.
De Ojeda Gazetted Minister.
MADRID, June 6.— Senor de OJeda, the
former Spanish Minister to Morocco, has
been gazetted Minister of Spain at Wash
ington, In succession to the Duke d'Arcos,
who has been appointed Minister to Bel
gium. Senor B. J. de Colon, former Span
ish Minister at Peking, succeeds Senor
Ojeda at Tangier.
Will Meet on the Rhine.
AMSTERDAM, June 6.— Emperor Wil
liam has announced his intention to meet
Queen Wilhelmlna at Nieaer, Wessel, on
the Rhine, when she is on her way to
Castle Schaumburg, in the valley of the
Lahn. where she will pass her period of
convalescence.
LONDON. June 6. — Lionel E. G. Carden
British Consul General at Havana, whose ap
l>olntmL-nt as Minister to Cuba was announced
May to, was to-day gazetted British "Minister
to the Republic of Cuba."
MANILA, June -6.— American soldiers
and members of the native constabulary
have recently been engaged in hunting tar
Pariso, the bandit leader of the Island ot
Negros, in the mountains near JLanaa,
Negros. In a recent engagement between
the Americans and bandits, five of tha
latter were killed. Five were ¦ wounded
and many captured. Pariso Is reported to
have been wounded.
stabulary Hunt Pariso of Negrog.
American Troops and Native Con-
CHASE FOR A BANDIT.
Lexington Lawyer Says the Court at
Jackson Is Terrorized
by Threats.
LEXINGTON, Ky., June 6.-John Johns,
an attorney of this city, returned to-day
from Jackson. Ky.. where he went to de
fend Thomas Cockrell, charged with mur
dering Ben Hargis several months ago.
Johns says the court and bar of Jack-
BOa are in terror over the threats on both
tides of the Cockrell and Hargis faction "
and that Judge Redwine refused to act
on the application for a change of venue
because of fear of his own life and tht
lives of others. Governor Beckham has
been appealed to and has the matter Snt
? eJ^ ad , Vt^ ement - Johns s *y* the coSmrV
s WDected* ° n revolutlon an <* bloodshed
•'BLOODSHED" IS WBIT
ON KENTUCKY PEOQBAMME
The allegations are sensational, includ
ing the charge that the former Governor
represented that he and not the plaintin*3
in this suit owned the lanfl and in this
way prevented its sale by the plaintiffs at
a profit of $520 an acre. At the time the
damage suit was filed an application foi
a receiver for the Port Arthur Land Com
pany, the property under consideration,
was applied for, The cases were set for
hearing on June 14.
The four parties figuring prominently in
connection with the suit might be called
the "Big Four" of the oil fields. Each
man is of independent wealth. Most of
their money was made as a result of the
oil discoveries here, although each of
them had already laid the foundation for
a good fortune.
BEAUMONT, Tex., June 6.— Former
Governor J. S. Hogg and his associate In
the Hogg-Swayne syndicate, James W.
Swayne, are made defendants in a suit
for $378,000 damages, filed by C. W. Tirrell.
president of the Heywood Oil Company,
and John H. Brooks, attorney and owner
of the Gulf and Interstate Railroad.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
WASHINGTON. June 6.— Secretary
Root has received a unique and interest-
Ing letter from Felipe Buencamino, the
Filipino who has just completed his tes
timony before the House Committee on
Insular Affairs. The Filipino statesman
summarizes the most urgent needs of the
Filipinos as described by him before the
committee and outlines hi3 personal plans
for the future. These include an appro
priation to send Philippine students to tho
United States for the purpose of special
studies, which he believes will be of val
ue to his people, and individual propa
ganda to correct American misconception
of the Philippine situation. Incidentally,
the writer recounts some small matters of
complaint, principally as to house rentals, '
which he desires corrected.
Suggestions to Secretary Boot.
rilipino Makes Some Interesting
BTJENCAMINO HAS IDEAS.
Former Governor Made
Defendant in Big
Law Case.
Sam arrived in Paris yesterday and was
met at the station by members of the
Haytian colony. The ex-President said to
an interviewer that he had come to' Paris
to rest, to enjoy life and spend money.
At the Haytian legation this afternoon
a number of real-estate dealers called,
begging the address of the fugitive. One
of these men said Sam had written to
him some time ago saying he wanted to
buy the finest private hotel in Paris.
According to another Sam had Imparted
the information that he had got 510,000,000,
with which he proposes to cut a prominent
figure on the boulevards. For the
moment Sam remains in complete seclu
sion.
PARIS, June 6.— The report that Simon
Sam, ex-President of Hayti, lined his
pockets well before leaving the Island is
corroborated here.
SDeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Sir Robert also said he regarded subsi
dies to be a political rather than an eco
nomic question.
Replying to a toast to his health at a
luncheon in connection with the ChamW
of Commerce here to-dav, Jules Bovf/
the United States Consul at Uvernoo?
said it would be a sorrowful clay when
either the United States or Great BrinUrl
depend on combination, even though
headed by JP Morgan. The English
railroads Boyle also declared.. were fl"tv
years behind those of America, but lead
ing. Continental lines. ¦¦ d "
LONDON, June 6.— Sir Robert GifTon,
the former president of the Statistical So
ciety and former chief of the statistical
department of the Board of Trade, testi
fying to-day before the House of Com
mons Committee on Steamship Subsidies,
said the changes in the position of British
shipping compared with those of other
countries were due largely to circum
stances apart from the subsidy question.
There had been a diminution of British
shipping, while elsewhere, in Germany,
there had been a great advance. The
number of American-owned ships sailing
under the British flag, quite apart from
those with the combine recently formed
had largely increased and is.«till increasl
ing, and he regarded it as obvious that
notwithstanding the fact that the White
Star line steamers were sailing under the
British flag, the United States Govern
ment regards them as being American
vessels and would be prepared to defend
them as the property of American citi
zens. T
('WASHINGTON, June 6.— A letter from
'the Secretary of War appears in the re
port submitted to-day by Hull, Chairman
of the House Military Affairs Committee,
adverse to the resolution of Bartlett of
Georgia, asking for information as to the
compensation paid General Wood while
Governor-General of Cuba. Secretary
Root states that Secretary Alger made an
allowance to General Brooke out of the
revenues of Cuba of J750O a.year. and
C0< "There has been no change since that
time except when General Wood s com
1 m&n as* major-general of volunteers
expired, I made an order for further al
lowance, equal to the difference between
the salary; of a major-general and brig
adier-general, so as to keep his total com
pensation at. the same figure, the com
bined compensation received as an officer
of the army and as 'Governor of Cuba
being always J15.000 per annum I see
that the Cuban Congress has _ voted that
Air Palma's salary, shall be $2a,<XX).
Secretary Root says this has b'een fully
maae known to Congress in former re
ports and -neither house has made x any
objection. .vHe says also in his letter as
to the legal phases Of the subject: »
"I should 1 hardly suppose that th« House
of Representatives -would wish to adopt
a resolution which .implies ignorance on
Its part ot the authority. of the President
of the United States, under the law of
military., occupation to- appropriate and
expend ihe revenues of the Government
of the occupied country.' _
Five of the Democratic members of the
Military: Committee unite in a minority
report -which says in. part: , . •
'¦General Wood is an officer of the Uni
tedsuites army, and as such officer was,
Governor General of Cuba and In com
maud of the United States forces in Cuba.
H,,Ji and emoluments of office were
: "xed b/statute as an officer of the United
States Government. .The pay of a brig-
Tdier eenernl of the array. Is fixed by
statute at $5500per annum and 10 per cent
thereof ' for «ervinp beyond the limits of
¦ th The J ' I report St t1ien' cites -the provision of
the law that no allowance shall be made
to officers in nrMU«"n; to -their pay.
SUIT INVOLVES
HOGG OF TEXAS
Hay ti's Ex-President Will
Buy a Fraction of
Paris. .
Explanation Given of
Britain's Decline in r ;
Shipping.
Secretary of War Has
a Fling at the Con
;^. t gressmen.
Upon tho occasion ot Governor Taffs call
upon the Pope he presented a set. of the Presi
dent's books with a brief note accompanying
the volumes, in which the President asked the
Pbpe's acceptance or them, thanked him for
his repeated expressions of goodwill to Amer
ica and -wished .him many happy and prosper
ous years of life. ¦ I- ' ,
HOME, June 6.— Governor Taft said to
day: "My reception at the Vatican was
of an extremely cordial character. The
Fope is anxious to settle satisfactorily
v.'ith the United States the question of
the proposed separation' of church' and
state in the' Philippines, being aware that
under a similar system Catholicism has
prospered in America. The question will
not be referred to the Propaganda, with
its customary slow method of procedure
but will be decided by a speciar commit
tee of Cardinals." ¦ •:
¦Governbr. Taft expects to conclude ne
gotiations soon and to start for the Phil-
Inplnes July 10. ' ¦," ; '^ v.
The following statement was issued at
the White House to-day: ,„
KOOSEVELT'S : PRESENT.
It. Your errand will not be In any sen*.- or
degree diplomatic In its nature, but will be
purely a business matter of negotiations by
you .is Governor of the Philippines for the
purchase of property from the owners thereof
and- the settlement of lands In -such a man
ner as to contribute to the best/ Interesta of
the people of the islands. .' . . .
Any assistance which you may. desire vuat
cver on the part of officers o( Ihe civil gov
ernment or of military ofilcers to enable you
to perform the duties above described In a
manner satisfactory to yoursei; will be afford
ed; but the business Is " left entirely -In your
hands, subject to such action.au may be Uken
pursuant to law upon your report. Very re
spectfully, ' EI..IHU ROOT,
' Kecratary of Wat.
William H. Taft, Civil Governor or the Pnillp
pines, Washington. ¦ . - ¦¦(¦ •
8. The rights and obligations remaining un
der ihe various specific trusts for education
and charity, wheih are now lr> doubt and con
troversy, ought to be settled by agreement If
possible rather than by tho slow and frequently
discussed processes of litigation. . so that the
beneficent purposes of , these foundations may
not fall. • ¦ '
7. Provision should be made for ascertaining
what rentals. If any, ought to be paid for con
venta and other church buildings which have
tten occupied by United States troops during
the Insurrection, this being of course subject tti
further specific action by Congress. • ' ¦
6. The titles to the great amount of church
lands and buildings in the islands, other than
those of the religious orders and now apparent
ly owned by the state, should be settled fairly.
B. It Is not, however, deemed to be for the
interests of the people of the Philippine Isl
ands that In thus transforming wholly unpro
ductive tractB of land Into money capable ot
productive Investment, a fun-i should thereby
be created to be used for tho attempted restor
ation of the friars to the parishes from whtch
they are now separated, with the consequent
disturbance of law and order.
EIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
4. It Is the wish of our Government, In case
Congress shall grant authority, that the titles
of the religious orders to the large tracts of
agricultural lands, which they now hold, shall
be extinguished, but that full and fair com
pensation shall be made therefor.
of the former government, that- they are no
longer capable of serving- any useful purpose
for the church; j No -rents can be collected
from the populous < communities occupying their
lands unless it be by the. intervention of the
elvll povernmeBtrVvltn ' armed force. '• Speaking
generally, faf^tilversi ' years pam - the frlart,
formerly Uif tall»d ove'rthe parishes, have been
unable to remain, at their—posts, and .are col
lected in Manila with the vain hope of -re
turning. They .'will,* not 'be 'voluntarily ac
cepted again by -the people and' cannot be re
stored to : th«ir possessions except; by' forcible
intervention pn t the part ' of the 5 civil govern
ment, which :tne ' principles o'f'-our government
forbid. It is manifest that -under these con
ditions U'lr for* the interest, of the church,
as well as if -the ' state, that the . landed pro
prietorship 6t the religious orders in the' Phil- '
lpplne Islands should cease, and that If. the
church wishes.- as of- course It does, to con
tinue Its ministration among the people of
the isiands .and conduct in its own behalf a
system of instruction, with which we have no
desire. to interfere, It should seek other agents
therefor. ..-..•.
SUBSIDIZATION
NOT THE CAUSE
Continued From Page One.
GOLD IS HEAVY
IN SAM'S POCKET
¦ T^y RESDEN, Saxony, June 6.— The
\V condition 'of King Albert -of
II Saxony, who has been ill .for
. \^/ some time, is to-day regarded as
critical. . .... .
King Albert of Saxony was born April
23, 1828. He is the eldest .son of King
Johann and of Queen Amalie, - daughter
of King Maximilian I of Bavaria. He suct
ceededto tbe throne at the death of, his
father, October* 29, 1S73. In June,' 1853, he
married Caroline, daughter of the late
Prince Gustave of Vasa.
..The royal house of Saxony is among
the oldest reigning families in Europe.
Helnrich of Eilenburg, of the family of
Wettin, was margrave of Meissen from
1089 to 1103, and was succeeded by his son.
Heinrich, who in turn passed the sover
eignty to Konrad the Great, well known
in Saxon history. The house subse
quently spread in' many branches, the el
der of which is called the Ernestine line,
is represented by the ducal ' families of
Saxe-Altenburg, Saxe-Meiningen and
Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, and tfie grand '., ducal:
family of Saxe-Weimar. . --¦ '*,'. '"V
¦ The heir' presumptive to the throne" of
Saxony is the King's brother, Field' Mar*
shal Prince George, who was born In- 1832.
ROOT RESORTS
TO SARCASM
¦ John-Kukaviza. president; P. Setendch, vice
president; -B. Zenovich, treasurer; E; Ballch,
recording secretary ;• G. Dabovtch, financial sect
retary; trustees— J.. Doklestltch, M. Sailch, M.
Miclvlch, -V; Seppetich; floor — E. Ballch. M,
Stanlalch.e.^ Sladovlch, S.. Rapovaz; reception
j. DoklestHch, S. Miljanovlch. -P.'Maslanza,
M. Mlljanovich; arrangements^-P. Setenclch," C.
Mandlch, V. Millsich, M. Sasich. S. Zenoviclu
on 1 Sunday next. The committee
having the! outing in charge is devoting
its energies'" with a view to making it a
great success. The society will distribute
more .than $250 in cash prizes. The sale
of tickets has been very large, and the
attendance promises to be equally so. The
members of the organization will march
fr<mi Pythian Castle to the ferry and de
parton the- 9 o'clock boat. E. J. Gudilj
will act as marshal of the day. The offi
cers and committee in charge are as fol*
lows; .,:>-' - ..' ¦¦¦'¦:.. :¦ ¦ ;
THE Servian-Montenegrin Literary
and Benevolent Society will hold
its , twenty-second annual picnic
at'Buena Vista Park, Sausalito,
The House will eliminate this feature
ar.rt insist on a sound money financial
system in the Philippines. Chairman
Cooper of the House committee and all
of the House leaders are In favor of this
and have so pronounced themselves. The
egislative features of the bill are not
:ikely to cause serious delay in the con
troversy between the two houses, but the
money question may create a bitter con
test. H. H. Hanna of Indianapolis, a
well-kiiown sound money advocate, 4s in
this city to urge the House to stand by it*
guns on' this question, and circulars and
.letters are pouring into Washington on.
tbe same lines. : - - ¦.*¦;' %X ;
' Prominent members of the Cabinet are
opposed to the silver feature of . the bill
and Secretary Shaw is inclined to look
upon it as a mistake. A prominent mem
ber of the Republican party outside of of
ficial life takes the ground that it Ja a dis
tinct step backward from the position of
the party as enunciated in its last two
platforms and is going back on an l3sua
on which the Republicans won two nota
ble national victories.
MONEY QUESTION" OMINOUS.
Senate and House at Odds on Finance
in Philippines.
WASHINGTON. June £.— So wide is the
difference of opinion between the Senate
and the House on. the question of what
should be done for the Philippines in tho
matter of government that the Consular
Committee of the House threw out the en
tire Senate bill and substituted its own.
In minor details there are some points of
similarity between the two measures, but
in the important matter of the form of
government the House will insist on it3
own bill, which provides for a Legislative
Assembly to be chosen by the Filipinos
themselves, in addition to the Philippine
Commission, which will correspond to the
upper branch in any ordinary legislative
>ody. More pronounced in their proposi
tion are the leading members of tho
House tc the provisions in the Senate bill
jstablishing a silver standard in the isl
ands.
Tbe entire mining camp was now ex
cited. It was found that the bullet had
1 a5.sed through Cummins' body just over
the treast, and that he must die. Cries
of "Lynch the fiend!" were heard every
where, and only a leader was lacking to
precipitate a second tragedy. Had not so
many men still been in the hills search
ing a lynching must have occurred
The excitement had not ceased this
tncrning. At 11 o'clock Cummins died
Then the camp expected that when the
men came from the Bully Hill mine and
smelter at noon the calaboose would be
relieved of its prisoner and a hangine
S°£ d J Qllow ; Frank Watson and John
McFadden disapproved of the lynchine
and as soon as they heard that Cummins
was dead they stealthily took Williams
lr ,°. m v. he Jal1 and star ted for Redding
yith him. over an old road, with thei?
&£E5i UP °2 *£* run - The m °b was
tricked, and when ready to proceed nt
noon found Williams gone. P roceea at
There seems to have been absolutely no
£ a "f. e for the murder but drunken frenzv
MUhams may not be taken back to De !a
Mar to be examined. The murderer has
In an hour he was In the De la Mar
calaboose.
"LYNCH THE FIEUD!"
At midnight Frank Whitson and John
Hoff reached the Miller ranch, two miles
from De la Mar, and learned that Wil
liams had come there, boasted of his crime
und was then in bed In the bouse. In
epite oi his threat to kill pursuers, Hoff
and Whitson burst open the door of the
room, covered the murderer, who was In
bed, with their rifles and took him pris
oner.
Ogden and Fiester ran back and helped
carry the wounded man into the house.
Williams, unhurt, had fled into the brush-*
covered hills. In a half hour a dozen
parties of armed men had set off In vari
ous directions to trail him.
Mrs. Cummins leaned over her husband,
drew his revolver from his pocket and
emptied its five cartridges after Williams
as he ran away.
John Ogden and Henry Fiester, two
business men, were strolling along ihe De
la Alar road last evening, x'neir uogs ran
iineaa of mem. A rine tnoi rang uuc and
a bail struclc close to tnem. Xhey ran
lorward and found that .Benjamin Wn
nams, who was intoxicated, nad shot at
iheir dogs and was about to nre again,
mumbiipg that no dog could bite him.
Williams insisted upon walking along
with tnem. As they passed Charles Cum
mins' home. Cummins and his wife came
out. Cummins saw that Williams was
intoxicated and led his wife to one side.
The three men passed and Williams
turned and said he must go home. He
waliced toward Cummins a.nd his wife,
and lilting his rlne, without a word, shot
Cummins tiirougn the breast.
MURDER WITHOUT CAUSE.
Cummins' slayer, who reached a cell in
the County Jail here this evening, is fcen
jamin Williams, a strapping mountaineer
ut 3u years, wnose naturally lawless nature
needed only the incentive of bad whisky
vo move him to the awfui crime. He is
«t eon of J. H. Williams, a Copper City
pioneer. For two years he has made his
»jeauyuarters at De la Mar hunting and
tometimea chopping wood. When in his
cups be i* full of tight and frequently
inreatens to use the Yv inchester wnlch li-i
always carries.
enables cummins, 30 years old, was the
fcon-in-iiiw ana deputy of Consiable H. F.
kViliiams ci De la ilar. He lived in a
moaest nome with his wife and babe ana
was rated a good man and a brave oxti
cer.
REDDIXG. June 6.— That the death this
morning of Deputy Constable Charles
Cummins, who was shot in De la Mar
last night, was not followed by a lynch
ing was due to the strategy of two
special officers who speeded away with
Uie captured murderer while a mob was
icrming. i
Sr»ecial Dispatch to The Call.
MfSSIffN OF JUDGE TAFT TO ROMfp
General Torres, strongly reinforced, is
again advancing to meet the Yaquis in
Mazatlan Mountains. He expects to' put
.down the rising in short order if he suc
ceeds in engaging the Indians before they
cross . into the mountains . along
River. * If they succeed in entering these
mountains with their present numbers
and armament the situation will be grave
and large, numbers of now peaceable.In
dians will Join the revolutionists. These
mountains are very inaccessible. >.^"-/
Hernlosillo is now . guarded, by. 'state
troops and all government, troops >haye
Joined forces under'General Torres. '¦',''¦¦ .&
HermosUlo is practically under martial
law. No vehicles iare allowed 1 on iX&e.
. Btreeter guards have been placed on every
- corner and the streets -^are > kept > clear. :
YaquI chiefs- have entered the city: InUhe.
guise of peaceable Yaqul ] laborers' -And
-have persuaded many Yaquis to-Jolnythe
uprising. ; The , Mexican authorities -are
surprised that the Yaquis are -so- w.ell :
armed with -Mausers, and it is presumed
that they have been collecting . arms for
some.time In contemplation " of a revolu
tion. . -:v ¦ v;*' v ¦ •-.-.":>¦¦•.':.:¦¦¦' :".'¦ < • -*
Runners coming from both San "Marcial
and Tecolete brought meager details of
the murder of Johnson. The (Mexicans
were so terrified by,- the raid that; they did
not stop for full particulars, iut sent
messengers to Guaymas at once,'appeal
ing for aid. ' * • Kic'i- ¦
The, Yaquis were \ divided into I email
bands and Johnson was surprised by" one
of these bands. .. . ¦•- -&'-»-•-¦ ,;
TUCSON, Arizl, June 6.— News has ju3t
reached Guaymas that Rlcardo Johnson,''
son of the most prominent American in
Sonora and himself quite a : factor in that
country, was ..surprised -and", killed on
Wednesday by a band of .c Yaquis, who
raided the'country between San Marcial
and Teconpa.-plllaging. burning and kill
ing indiscriminately. The younger John
son had some mines in that vicinity and
made his headquarters at the ranch of
Alejandro Rodriguez, near Tecolete..
"5P
Special Dispatch to The" Call, ;
Mexican General Torres, Heavily Re
-; inforced, 'Again Moves Forward "-'y.
¦ < to, Attack the Revolution- ; <^-\
. ary Force. < •: \- i • "f
Shasta County Mountaineers Demand
Vengeance for the Wanton Kill
ing of Deputy Constable
Cummins.
Spirit Him Away to Redding
While His Death Is •
Being Plotted.
Band ;pf : Raiders ;;Murdering
and Pillaging Around S in
¦.¦;¦.¦/:; v. '"'¦?"./¦ v Marcial. " V ; ¦''•¦'
' MANILA, ilay 23, 1902.— Secretary of "War
Koot, Waaninxton: Witn reference to your
cablegram or the 10th. outside of the Moro
country the only portions of the archipelago
not organized under civil government are Le
panto Bontoc, Jiatansau. Laguna. Prlnclye,
infanta ilandoro, Samar and the Faraguai ana
other small grouys. There is no armed Insur
rection in any of them. There is no reason,
so far as relates to peaceful conditions,- why
a civil government in all may not be estab
lished. Especial governments for Bontoc ana
Lepapto. inhabited exclusively by peaceful
Igorrotes will be organized in a. few days.
I will organize a civil government in Laguua
formerly organized, was turned
over to the military authorities by the Philip
pine commission act No. 173. and I will re
peat the same to take . effect July 4. Th»
only reason for not giving the act immediate
effect Is . that many people in this province
have only recently returned -. to their homes
and in order to prevent the possibility of » ur *
ferlns I think it best to hare the military
look after them until the date named because
the latter have perfected an organization, wnicn
the civil authorities lack. = '
Crops now being planted will mature- by
August 1. While Principe and Infanta could
be organized at once it is difficult to look
after them until we receive vessels now build
ing, say by September 1. There are few in
habitants and they are unimportant. The Mln
doro and Paraguai group of large Islands are
sparsely populated and difficult of access with
out vessels. For these reasons I think best to
leave the military temporarily In charger be
cause they have transportation facilities.. Un
der the Spanish regime Bontoc. Lepanto. Prin
cipe, Infanta and the Paragual group did not
have a provincial government, but were com
manded by military officers, and Mindoro i»
attached to Marlnduque. Major General Chaf
fee concurs in the move.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— Secretary
Root to-day made public the following
cablegram from Acting Governor Wright
ol the Philippines:
Establishment of Civil Gov
err.ment Progresses
Rapidly. - .
Surprise and Kill the Son
of .Prpminent;£onqra
• . ; i Residenti
De la Mar Special Offi
cers Save Murderer
. Williams.
Acting" Governor Wright
Tells of Philippine
. Conditions.
YAQUIS TAKE
THE LIFE OF
AN AMERICAN
OUTWIT MOB
OF LYNCHERS
BY STRATEGY
AMERICAN RULE
WILL SATISFY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALE, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.
LUCKY ONES TO RECEIVE
MONEY AS GATE PRIZES
Servian-Montenegrin Literary and Benevolent So
ciety .to N Hold Outing on Sunday Next.
i
Albert, Head of One of Europe's Oldest Reigning
Families, Not Expected to Survive.
SAXONY'S STRICKEN KING
IS NOW NEAR TO DEATH
2
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which also builds up the system that has
•tittered from them.
It l£ the best medicine for all humors.
They are vitiated or morbid fluids cours-
ing the veins and affecting the tissues.
They are commonly due to defective di-
cestlon, but are sometimes Inherited.
How do they manifest themselves?
In many forms of cutaneous eruption,
ealt rheum or eczema, pimples and boils]
and in weakness, languor, general debil-
ity.
How are they expelled? By
What jfre JVumors ?
' - — ¦ ¦ *
'notable State and Social Functions, at Home
and Abroad, demonstrate the Pre-eminence of
"THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."SCENES VIEWED BY THE SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS MEN WHO ARE ENJOYING AN EXCURSION THROUGH •
THE WEALTH PRODUCING VALLEYS OF THE SAN JOAQUIN AND THE SACRAMENTO_,AND. INCIDEN
TALLY. PLANNING TO PROMOTE THE PROSPERITY OF CENTRAL AlfD NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Death of Professor Emmett Goff.
MADISON, Wis., June $.— Emmett
Goff. professor of horticulture at the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, died suddenly to
day. Professor Goff underwent an opera
tion on Monday, but seemed to Improve
until yesterday. He was prominent In
educational circles.
SAN JOSE. June 6.— But few ballots aro
being received by the California Cured
Fruit Association, and it is not believed
a quorum 1 can be obtained In the two
weeks during which it was decided to ad
journ four days. About a dozen employes
have been discharged, and more* will be
dispensed with in a few days. President
Woods says expenses will be cut down
to the lowest notch. Besides the president
and secretary It is proposed to keep only
a stenographer and assistant accountant.
Dying a Lingering Death.
A few months ago Mrs. Brown filed suit
for divorce, charging her husband with
desertion and infidelity. He did not con
test the suit. In the action granting her
an absolute divorce she was awarded $1S)
counsel fees and permanent alimony of
$20 a month. Besides, she was allowed to
resume her maiden name, Maud L. Whit
taker.
The Chicago girl and her parents went
to Los Angeles for the winter, and final ly
Brown deserted his wife and followed.
He is now in that citv.
LOS GATOS, June 5.— Because, of her
husband's infidelity, Mrs. Maud L. Brown
was granted a divorce from Milton V.
Brown by Superior Judge Rhodes to-da>.
The Browns were married a few years
ago and their life was a continual honey
moon until last summer. They moved in
the best society. Brown was the buyer
for a number of large fruit coneerrs.
With the opening of the summer season
last year a young Chicago girl, charm
ing, sweet, and pretty, came to
Los Gatos with her parents, who
are reputed to be wealthy. Brown was ac
once smitten with the charms of the Chic
agoan. He slighted his wife and paid his
attentions to the Eastern girl so markedly
that It became the talk of the town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Maud L. Brown
Becomes Again Miss
Whittaker.
CHARGES NAME
WITH DIVORCE
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS MEN SEE IN TWO THRIVING CITES
PROOF OF THE WEALTH OF CALIFORNIA S GREAT VALLEYS
Did You Ever Stop to Think
What a pleasure it is to look at pretty
photographs? Get a camera and take the
photos yourself. We have cameras from
80c up. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. . • . ¦•' :. r '-^ y'i •
SAN JOSE, June 6.— C. A. King, a
flashily dressed young man who is. said to
be the representative of a San Francisco
typewriter firm, was arrested here last
night on a charge of beating a board bill
at Oakland. He is also accused of having
taken a valuable ring from a young lady
in that city. King was in a South First
street lodging house when arrested. He
spent the night in the city prison. This
morning when a detective from Oakland
came for the prisoner a young man who
claimed to be a brother of King deposited
$100 for his appearance for trial m that
city. King was then released. He claims
he will experience but little trouble in
r'squaring things" in Oakland.
Spends a Night in Prison Cell.
A suit to recover possession of tha
twenties would be one of the most inter
esting actions ever filed in this city Not
only would arrests be liable to follow
but with official disclosures the Grand
Jury could hardly escape taking up the
affair.
A few days ago Attorney Rhodes' called
at the police otrice and demanded the $60
for Minor. Pickering refused to give it
up. It is said that a replevin suit will
be commenced. There la no law by
which the City Treasurer can receive
"conscience" money, and Minor evidently
believes he might as well have the coin
as to let it lie in the police station The
police officials declare they will not give
up the money until the ownership of it
Is decided in court.
When it became evident that the crook
edness was to come to light during the
last city campaign Minor sent Attorney
Rhodes to the City Treasurer with in
structions to pay the $60 into the city.
Treasurer McUeoghegan refused to re
ceive the money. Rhodes left the
money lying on the counter and left
the office. McGeoghegan threw the
money to the floor. There the shining
gold lay for a couple of hours; Persons
passing in and out of the Treasurer's of
fice concluded that the city must be
flush If money were so plentiful as to be
thrown about. Finally Police Captain
George Pickering was called In and asked
to take possession of the money, which
he did. Since them the gold has been
lying in the police office.
SAX JOSE, June 6.— There is $60 01
"conscience" money In tfie possession of
the police department awaiting an owner,
whereby hangs a tale of the politi
cal corruption in this city, which, it Is ex
pected, will be made the subject of a re
plevin suit that may be fraught with
sensational disclosures. Three shining
twenties were tendered City Treasurer
McGeoghegan during the late city cam
paign by Attorney E. L. Rhodes for E.
B. Minor, an electrician, who. It is al
leged, at the request of some of Macken
zie's followers had allowed his bills to be
raised so that the city could be made to
pay bills incurred by the California
Club. This club Is the headquarters of
the Mackenzie faction. When it moved
into Its new quarters Minor did $90 worth
of wiring for the club, and was told that
he was to get his money from the city
by having bills raised for other work
that he would be given. This is alleged
to have been done by forgeries and ad
ditions to the bills. In this way Minor
got about $50 of his money, and the bal
ance was drawn on other bills and given
to him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Conscience" Money Of
fers Proof of Fraud
in San Jose.
GOLD REFLECTS
CITY'S SCANDAL
COLTON, June . «. — Daniel Uellua, charged
•with the murder of Bert Landon several days
ago, , has ' been held for trial.
In ' private life Miss Meredith is Mrs.
Willie Inman. While out driving, her
horse ran away and collided with a tele
graph pole.
NEW YORK. June 6.— Letitla Meredith,
once the star In "The Dainty Duchess,"
and Tor several seasons a popular singer
and dancer in vaudeville, will never ap
pear behind the footlights again. As the
result of an accident she is in the Seney
Hospital, and to-day it Is announced that
It will be necessary to amputate her leg
to save her life.
Severe Accident.
3>titia. Meredith, "Well Known in
",';¦ Vaudeville, Meets With a
ACTRESS MUST SUFFER
• AMPUTATION OF A LEG
REDDING, June 6.— The arrangements
arc complete for the leception to be grivtn
the California Promotion Committee in
Redding to-morrow night. The train will
arrive at 6:30 o'clock. A reception com
mittee will meet the visitors at the sta
tion. • Dinner will be served lrf the direr
attached to the train. : After dinner the
reception committee appointed by the
Redding business men will assemble and
a procession will form at the station.
Headed by the Star band, it will move
through the principal streets to Armory
Hall, where the reception proper will be
held. At the hall there will be speeches
by the visitors and by Redding citizens.
There will be fireworks, redflre and bou
fires along the line of march.
tain the Visitors.
How th*e Mountain Town Will Enter-
RECEPTION AT REDDING.
NEVADA, June 6. — There was conster
nation in Colfax yesterday, when a horse
back messenger from Montgomery, Place,
near Bear River, reported that Harry
Johnstone, the six-year-old son of Rev.
WV H. Johnstone, was lost in the moun
tains. During the dangerous illness of
Mrs. Johnstone the little boy has been
cared for by Miss Kelsey at Oakhurst.
While they were visiting at William
Montgomery's, near Bear River, the little
boy strayed from his companions and be
came lost in the woods along the river. 5
All of the residents in the Montgomery
neighborhood, reinforced by a large crowd
lrom Colfax that responded to tne ringing
of the tire bell, joined In a search. The
little fellow was tracked up Bear River
some distance, the footprints leading to
within a foot of the edge of the clin! at
the marble quarry, and then turning into
the heavy timber and dense chaparral and
manzanita thickets. All trace was lost
until one print of his shoe was found
along Soutn 1'uLa canal, but the search
•was fruitless.
Five hours later the boy turned up at
Thomas Kingston's, on the Grass Valley
road. The little fellow came near the
house, carrying a stick and a couple of
rocks to fight off a dog that was barking
at him. He said he wanted to go to Kel
seys. Miss Maggie Kingston lost no time
In taking him. Word was sent, to Colfax
and the Doy'a recovery was announced by
the ringing of the fire bell, and every
body was happy. The boy must have
traveled, about eight miles over rough
country. He was obliged to crawl through
the thickets in many places. He stoutly
aih'rma, however, that the searchers did
not find him.
"I found myself," says he, proudly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Appears While Colfax
Citizens Search in
Vain.
STRAYED CHILD
"FINDS" ITSELF
' It was with considerable gratification that
the people" of Stockton , welcomed the business
men of San Francisco. • The people of • our
city realize that there is a very powerful unity
of Interest between. San Francisco and the in
terior and that San Francisco by the, trip she
has taken has shown her, realization j of the
MAYOR CATTS GRATIFIED.
The people of Stockton, believing that the
city has had a phenomenal industrial growth,
are particularly glad of the opportunity to
show their city and Its Industries to the busi
ness men of San Franoisco, particularly now,
when San Francisco has so generously come
to- the. aid -of* the interior in the efforts of. the
latter to invite , capital and immigration. • San
Francisco will be the chief beneficiary from
the upbuilding of the Sacramento and San
Joaquin , valleys, ' and the fact that she. has
put her shoulder to the : wheel . In so whole
hearted .a manner makes the people glad.
Never before was. there a better feeling
toward San Francisco than there Is to-day.
. " " COLVIN B. BROWN.
Secretary of the Stockton Chamber of Com
¦ merce. t:->*\".{';
The past year and a half have been eventful
In the history of Stockton. The natural' ad
vantages of this city and the surrounding
country i have been | slow of development. For
years the people have done nothing *in a sys
tematic and wise way to make their resourcss
known. Two years ago there was' an awaken
ing which ' led to the formation of a Chamber
of Commerce. . The federal ' census ¦¦¦ of ¦ . ¦ 1000
showed Stockton to have $5,000,000 Invested In
manufacturing enterprises, supporting an an
nual pay roll of $1,000,000. Since that census
Stockton has added to her Industries a window
glass factory, . with j an annual production of
65,000 boxes; the manufacture of fuel bri
quettes out of petroleum and coal dust; a
sewer pipe factory; a cement works; an oil
refinery; an ice factory and cold storage plant
and a factory for the making of heavy mining
machlnory.
WRITES OF CITY'S GROWTH.
There Is the best' possible feeling between
Stockton and Ban . Francisco. The visit of
these representative business men of San
Francisco, who are prominent ¦ as members of
the commercial organizations of San Francisco
and who have made records for enterprise, sa
gacity and loyalty to the State of California,
shows the statement I have made to be . true.
The effect of the visit will ; be mutually ben<-
flclal. We. wish. to have San Francisco know
what we possess ¦ In Stockton. This opportu
nlty^is favorable; for that Stockton is pleased.
W. P. STEINBACH, -
President Stockton Chamber of Commerce."
That the purpose and significance of the
visit of the San Franciscans Is fully un
derstood in Stockton is manifested by the
following signed statements procured by
The Call correspondent accompanying the
excursionists:
STOCKTONIANS PI/EASED.
While the visitors were touring the city
their hosts caused boxes of luscious San
Joaquin County cherries to be placed in
the Pullmans. At the end of the Inspec
tion of the city Andrea Sbarboro, the
chairman of the San Francisco Promotion
Committee/who Is once more the sire of
touring business men, proposed three
cheers and a tiger for Stockton, which
were heartily given.
very imposing showing. Then they
viewed 'the water front, the residence sec
tion of the city and the grounds of the
apylum.
The San Francisco business men saw
the mineral baths; Stockton's natural gas
well; the beginnings of the new. glass
works, the only Institution of the sort
west of the Mississippi River, and. which
piccures its supplies of sand from .Tesla;
viewed the works of the Holt Manufac
turing Company, which occupy five
blocks; the Stockton woollen mills, which
occupy an entire block; the three great
flour mills which Stockton boasts; the
Tesla bunkers, with a capacity of 6000
tons, and the briquette plant that has a
dally production of 600 tons; the Stockton
Pottery Works, where large municipal
contracts are being filled; the Davis dis
tilling plant, where the crude oil from the
Kern River field Is turned Into oils of re
quired gravity. •¦
They saw the site of the new iron works
to be erected on Mormon Channel, com
prising six acres; the plant of the El
I>orado Brewing Companyrthe great lum
ber yards of Scott & Van Arsdale, the
Stockton Lumber. Company and the
Simpson & Gray Company, and other Stock
ton Industries which make, collectively, a
The Stocktonlans welcomed their guests
heartily, shook hands with each and
every one and made them speedily at
home. No preliminary speechmaking
took place. Mayor Catts, Councilman
Turner, Fred Arnold, Andrew . Wolf, C.
B. Hart, L. H. Frankheimer, Captain J.
W. Smith, Miss Ida Keagle, Henry E.
Adams, Jacob Simon, H. ' E. Barber,
County Assessor Orton, Harold J. Gage,
Sheriff Sibley, D. A. Guernsey, F. B.
Clough, W. W. Middlecoff, Colvln B.
Brown, John Jory, E. C. Dickinson, Julius
Gerlach, J. C. Brandt, W. P. Stelnbach,
F. A, Guernsey and Major J. D. Peters
were the citizens who, tendering the use
of their carriages, accompanied the visit
ors on the entire Journey through Stock
ton's streets. • r
* MXLIi CITY'S INDUSTRIES.
The splendid special train provided by
the. Southern Pacific Company rolled out
cf the sheds at Oakland mole at 12:30
o'clock this afternoon, boomed through
the fertile Intervening country and ar
rived at Stockton, the first place to be
visited, on schedule time. The cordial
Stocktonlans, headed by Mayor Catts,
with President W. P. Stelnbach and Sec
retary Colvln B. Brown of the Stockton
Chamber of Commerce, were at the rail
way station. They had a long line of pri
vate carriages ready to show to the vis
itors the many evidences of material prog
ress and the guldeboards to future ad
vancement in Stockton.
Stockton and Sacramento and en-
Joyed the hospitality of these thriving
and wide awake California centers of
trade and manufacturing enterprise.
SACRAMENTO, June 6.— More than
one hundred leading business men
of San Francisco to-day extended
hearty greetings to the cities of
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Excursionists Ride Through Streets of Stockton and Are Guests
at a Reception in the Sutter CLub at Sacramento.
fact that Stockton's interest Is also her Inter
est. This is a cause of satisfaction. I Stockton,
originally an entrepot for the southern miners
in the early, days, after the settlement pf the
valley and the rise of the ¦ wheat and fruit
industry became the gateway of the valley.
She is really, a common point between the San
Joaquin and the Sacramento valleys. She is
surrounded by lands, than which there are
none richer In California. The only thing that
can retard her Is delay in making her re
sources' known. San Francisco has Joined the
interior in bringing to the attention of the
people of the world this wonderful valley. The
people of Stockton and of San Joaquin County
certainly appreciate it^ "
GEORGE E. CATTS. Mayor of Stockton.
Messrs. Catts and Brown accompanied
the excursion to Sacramento. On the way
a short stop was made at Gait.
SACRAMENTO'S GREETING.
Sacramento sent a delegation to the
station to meet the San Franciscans,
Mayor Clark representing the city and H.
A French the Sacramento Chamber of
Commerce. Through them an Invitation
to a reception at the Butter Club by thu
Sacramento Chamber of Commerce was
tendered and accepted. Among those who
gathered In the clubrooms to receive the
visitors were:
Mayor Clark, General J. G. Martine, Thomas
L. Enrleht, Colonel H. I. Seymour, P. C."
Drescher Kobert H. Hawley, George B. Katr
enstein, H. A. French, » Fred Klesel, Dt. F.
Tebbets C. J. Ellis,- Howard Klmbrough,
Judge W ¦ A. Anderson. George W. Jackson,
Frank Miller. George H. Nichols, Captain E.
L Hawk, Georxe \V. Peltier, Alexander Gor
don, A. J. Hechtman, President Louis F. Breu
ner of the Chamber of Commerce. A. K. Var
ney Dr. C. Mealand, S. I. Hopkins, A. R.
Sprague, Joseph Stefflns and R. C. Irvine.
After an hour passed In sociability the
speechmaklng began. President Breuner
of the Sacramento Chamber of Commerce
welcomed the guests and/ said that. there
had been . little time for preparation of a
formal reception. Sacramento had hoped
that the San Franciscans could see the
city by day. Much good, he eald, must
result from meetings of representatives of
the several sections of the State.
Andrea Sbarboro responded. He said
that this must not be considered the real
visit of San Francisco to Sacramento. In
the near . future the San Francisco • busi
ness men would come to Sacramento, and
would also study the surrounding coun
try. He spoke of the composition of the
present party, which Included merchants,
manufacturers, producers and j profession
al men. Mr. Sbarboro Introduced Irving
M. Scott. ;
Mr. Scott said the purpose of the visitors
was one of friendship and brotherhood.
A new current of enterprise had been set
in motion by the battle ¦ of Manila Bay.
New life and new enterprise and a new
class of people had come to San Francisco
as an immediate result.
Throughout the evening the greatest
cordiality was manifested In the exchanged
of views between the representatives of
Sacramento and San Francisco. Speeches
were ' made by F. J. Symmes
of the Merchants' Association, F. W.
Dohrmahn, Frank Miller of Sacramento,
Alexander Gordon of Sacramento, Will S.-
Green, Sanford Bennett, Coivin B. Brown
ai\d Manager Filcher of the State Board
of Trade. -.,'0;.
To be the leading: weekly bf the West Is quite
a distinction— yet that is what the San Fran
cisco News Letter is unanimously termed by
Its reader*. Each week it contains 32 page*.
full of bright, original matter — satire, wit,
eble discussions on the leading topics, stories,
verse, comment*, literary and dramatic criti
cism, financial, political and Insurance news,
personal and society £Obs!j>; in fact, everything
that the reader could wish. And there is a
smart, clever, up-to-date air about it alL "An
Expert Criticism," by W. O. McOeehan Is the
•tory this week, and It is in his best vein
In ¦'The Brotherhood of Paul and Thomas"
Wallace Irwln apcthectizes in verse the peace
between the English and Boers. It Is a great
piece of verse — the kind that . will be remem
bered and quoted. There is a beautiful frontis
piece, from photographs taken especially for
the News Letter, showing the flower sellers on
Kcarny street the day before Decoration day. •
To-I>ay's News Letter.
STAFFORD UNIVERSITY. June 6.—
Opening services will be held in, the new
Catholic church on Sunday/and will con
tinue during the week at S:30 o'clock.
Sunday morning Father Sullivan will cele
brate solemn high mass, assisted by
Father McKinnon. Father O'Neill will
preach every morning and eveninr dur
ing the week. The church will be con
«ecrated early in the autumn, when
4xcbbishop Riordan will be present.
Opening Services in New Church.
SAN JOSE, June 6.— A motion for a new
trial by defendant In the suit of W. A.
Nevlils vs. Samuel M. Snortridge has been
denied by Judge Hyland. The case has
been In court here for several yejrrs, and
¦was brought to collect a balance of $40,000
due on two notes which aggregated $69,000.
After two trials Nevills obtained a judg
ment for $25,422. The notes were secured
by mortgage on property In San Fran
cisco and this county, but the Judgment
has not been satisfied, and some time ago
Shortrldge asked the court to grant a
rew trial.
Is Denied a New Trial.
James Kaseburg, one of the wealthiest
etock raisers of Northern California, who
has graxing fields in the neighborhood
of Rostsvllle, was In Sacramento yester
day, seeking legal advice. He wanted to
learn whether the Horticultural Comxnis-
Eioners of Placer County had the power to
carry out a plan which they had mapped
eut to set fire to and burn several thou
sands of acres of his pasture In order to
destroy grasshoppers. He was told the
commissioners had no such right. The
commissioners also are seeking legal ad-
Tloe. IT the pasture lands are burned there
will be lawsuits.
Eleven years ago a plague of grasshop
pers destroyed thousands of dollars' worth
of fruit In Placer County.
The invasion of grasshoppers became so
Creat in Placer County that' an appeal
was sent to the Agricultural Department
of the State University, asking that an
•xpert be sent up to that county to look
over the situation and suggest a. way of
getting rid of the pests. The universlty
professor who responded to the call is
quoted as saying that a grasshopper
plague was at hand, and he suggested de
stroying the pests by fire.
SACRAMENTO. June 6.— A plague of
grasshoppers is threatened In the foot
hills districts cf El Dorado, Placer and
Sacramento counties, and the fanners and
fruit gTowers are considerably worried
over the possibility that their crops will
be destroyed by the pests. ' All signs have
pointed to enormous yields of fruit and
grain, but the 'hoppers have made their
appearance In armies of countless thou
sands in tne foothills of Placer County and
the farmers and fruit gTowers are greatly
alarmed.
Counties.
Vast Army of Insects
SGttles Upon Three
HOPPER PLAGUE
THREATENS CROPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.
3
DB. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
M Gold Spoon.
There are some men who seem to b«
favorites of fortune. They are indus-
trions, cheerful workers, rail to over-
flowing of the energy of splendid health,
and success seems fairly to drop into
their hands. It is of such as these that
. the less hardy
'*$b2&!^V*i —^ and less success-
i/^wra^ffiW ¦&¦ ful man says
*t(*$$k~~iF&*§yK was orn a
*"""""¦' ' largely due to
splendid health, the endowment of a
healthy mother.
I Dr. Piexce's Favorite Prescription gives
the mother health to give her child. It
cures nervousness, nausea and sleepless-
.ness. It makes the body comfortable and ,
ithe mind content. It gives physical
ivigor and muscular elasticity so that the
jbaby's advent is practically painless.
! ' "I will endeavor to tell you of the many
.benefits I have derived from taking Df- Pi«rca's
i Favorite Prescription," writes Mrs. B. E. fcobert-
iBon, of Medicine Lodge, Barber Co., Kaos. "In
'the fall of 1899 I wa9 expectiaz to become a
¦mother aad suffered terribly with paias in the
;back of head ; in fact I ached all over. Suffered
-with awful bearing-down pains; Z was threat-
ened for weeks with mishap. A lady friend
told me to pse Dr. Pierce's medidoes. She had .
: taken them and felt Hie a new woman. Iberan •
I using' the ' Favorite Prescription > and took four
{bottles before my baby came and two after-
! wards. I suffered almost death with my other
two children, bat bardly realised that I was
sick when this baby was born and she weighed
twelve and one-qnarter pounds. She is now
eleven months old aad aaa never known an
hour's sickness; at present she weighs thirty-
seven pouads. I owe it an to Dr. P*^rce'»
Favorite Prescription.'' /
I "Favorite Prescription " makes weak
[women strong, and sick women well.
; Accept no substitute for the medicine
jwhicn works wonders for weak women,
j Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are the
.most desirable laxative for delicaU
women.SPORTSMEN ARE LURED FAR AFIELD BY THESE BALMY DAYS IN JUNE
A Mexican carpenter consider* hanging
one door a big day's work. An American
carpenter will easily iiaus tea Amis a
B. Bechhofer filed a suit yesterday in
the United States District Court against
Kal F. Martens, former captain of the
Government transport Buford, *.o recover
$2000 damages for injuries alleged to have
been» sustained by. Rechhofer when triced
up by the captain ' '
Captain Martens Sued.
The quickest and most convenient way In
an<I cut of the Yosemlta Valley la by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave Fan Francisco to
rtny at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are In Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m
Call at Santa Fe ticket ofilce, «41 Market
etroet. for illustrated pamphlet and full Dar
ticulars. • i •
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
IT. S. Attorney Takes a Rest.
United States Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth and family left this city yes
terday afternoon for a thirty-day vaca
tion in Yosemite Valley.
The various clubs forming the Califor
nia Inanimate j Target Association will
hold an important meeting in the office of
A- M. Shields' on the night of the«3d inst.
It will be determined at that time whether
the annual shoot will be held or whether
"m!* 111 *>e abandoned. The latter action
will probably mean the disruption of th*»
association.
The members of Empire Gun Club will
shoot bluerocks to-morrow on their Ala
me<la grounds.. ,.
_At Ingleside' the members of Golden
Gate Gun Club will smash bluerocksT
Trapshooters Will Meet.
The Alameda championship, which is
usually held on May 30, did not take place
last week, as Reuben Hunt, one of the
best players, is in the East. Hunt holds
the championship - of the Gulf States
which he won last year. He has gone
East to defend bia title. , *
The track athletes will be well taken
care of on July 4. In the morning at the
Thistle Club games at Shell Mound Park
there will be four events for amateurs
25li-yard run, half-mile, pole vault and
broad Jump. Entries will close with
George James at the Olympic Club.
In the afternoon on the Lake Merritt
boulevard there will be a 100-yard dash
220-yard,' 440-yard, potato race and sack
race.
the California Club courts until after the
San Rafael tournaments.
The park players are planning a doubles
tournament, for which two silver cup3
have been offered.
Many of the park players will take part
In the championship tournaments this
year. Some of them are promising play
ers, but are hardly- in a class with the
other cracks. . .
Races for Amateurs.
"Vy should "I give him a nickel if I
owed him Jl 50?" said Bernard, innocent
ly, lapsing Into his stage dialect, which
made the spectators smile.
Judge Daniels rapped for order and took
the case uifder advisement.
The ordinary routine of Justice of the
Peace Daniels* court was enlivened yes
terday by a little vaudeville turn con^
trlbuted by Barney Bernard, the Hebrew
comedian now at Fischer's Theater. Ber
nard is being sued by Al Raymond for
$42 50. Raymond was formerly a partner
of Bernard in a specialty act, and tho
money 13 alleged to have been loaned oy
Raymond in New York City and never re
turned.
Bernard was on the witness stand, and
while admitting that he had borrowed tho
money said that the debt had been paid.
"Why," said Bernard, "when our em
ployer decided that Raymond and I had
better dissolve partnership, as he consid
ered that I could do better in a> single
act, Raymond cried like a child and
begged me to continue the partnership.
I did so. and expended a great deal o?
money 'for advertisements and photo
graphs, and I always considered that my
debt to Raymond was liquidated."
"Is it not a fact,"- said Attorney Davis,
"that you once said that you owed Ray
mond $1 50 but would not give him a
nickel?" .. rJ-J--
Turn in Justice of Peace Dan
iels' Court.
Barney Bernard Does a Vaudeville
COMEDIANS WRANG!LE
* OVER BORROWED MONET
Francks continues to electrify the fans
with his wonderful playing at short. The
dispatches say he simply, robbed the An
gels of hits, but add that Toman ' "was
not far .behind." The Los Angeles play
ers are always sure to get boosted when
they are playing at home.
McNlchols' work. at second for the Po
nies has been .the real .stern stuff. . He
gets the ball over to first In . a ~ twinkling.
His stick work does not seem to be '.on
the way to' improvement.
Cristall, like many, of the other Eastern
ers, seems to improve with the warm
weather. Last Sunday he shut the Sen
ators out hitless and rimless and Thurs
day he. retired the Angels with one run.
A month or so ago everybody could hit
him. ' , v ¦ ¦ ,,'•.'.¦ ¦¦ , . . . -..•:
Harris refuses to give out the names of
any of the new talent until they are safe
ly corraled/in the local. pasture, but ob
serving ones say Sam Dungan and Danny
Shay will soon chase the elusive sphere
around the Eighth street lot. Shay was
a favorite here last year and will be a
tower, of strength .to the locals. Dungari
Is at present In the American - Associa
tion and is well known as a slugger,
though rather slow oh thepaths. ' ;>
When these two new" lads arrive; it -Is
probable Dungan will grace the initial
cushion,. Shay will tear around in short
territory and Nordyke' will once again
roam around in center. A couple of the
present staff will likely find it necessary
to resign, though it is not yet known how
things will be run..
It is a noticeable fact that Tommy
Leahy always hits the ball hard when
away from home. He swatted at a .500
clip in Los Angeles.^but in: the last two
games here has not been able to drive
out a single safe hit-
The sensation of the hour Is th,e way
Hodson landed on the leather In Wed
nesday's game at Los Angeles. He got
a double and two singles out of three
times up. This is Hodson's first double
since he arrived in California. 7 .
THE Pony line-up will present a new
appearance within the next week
or ten days.. The much-talked-of
reorganization of the local team has
about come to pass. Manager Harris,
who has been doing a bit of searching
on the quiet, admits he has a cou
ple of stars to aid his present bunch of
twinklers in their efforts to shine bright
ly In the baseball firmament. /
Grant Smith, who won" the tournament
last week, played an erratic game. In the
opening jrounds he played poorly, while
on Sunday he played the game of his
life. Tne way he beat Collier in the finals
was a surprise, as the loser played a
strong- game throughout the tournament
and was 'picked by many to %vln. Smith
played with all his old-time confidence
and was strong at the net. Collier tried
his hardest, but was. able to get only five
games in three sets. Percy Murdock, the
Alameda County champion, played a good
game against Smith. The result might
have been different had he kept the latter
away from the net more In the third net.
The Golden Gate Park Tennis Club fin
ished Its second class singles tournament
on "the public courts last Sunday. The
first ' clas3 . was won by Charles Dunlap,
who defeated Harry Rquth .in ' straight
sets. "The latter made a much better
showing on the California . Club courts
than did Dunlap. Dunlap* Sv chop strokes
arc much more effective, on clay courts,
while | Routh plays his best game on the
asphalt. In the second class J. Campbell
carried : off j the honors without an effort.
Campbell belongs in the first class, where
he will play In future events.
There will be no more tournaments on
The coast championship events will be
played at the same time and in the same
order as last year. The events for women
will .be held during -the last week of
August and the men's during the first
week -of September. They will Include
women's singles and doubles, mixed
doubles and men's singles and doubles.
Al! championship events will be played at
San Rafael this year.
It has not been settled whether the
present champion will be called upon to
go through the tournament or stand out
and play the winner. As there is no chal
lenge cup up the former course will sure
ly be decided upon. In this case it is
doubtful If Whitney will play, as he docs
not like the Idea of playing through a
large-;tournamerit. Should the champion
stay'-out the State tournament would be
a reproduction of . the • San Francisco
championship, • as the entry, list would
contain' the same names with a few add
ed With George Whitney out of it, his
brother Robert end Grant Smith would be
the favorites. . .
i 'for July 4. Previous to last year the
coast .championship tournament was held
;on this date, but the dates were then
; changed. The singles and doubles tourna
ments will be played In. September, while
in future the State tournament will bo
held in Julj\ The latter event, like the
championship of San Francisco, was in
augurated last year and was won by
George Whitney, the coast champion.
THE next championship tennis tour
nament to be played Is the State
1, championship, an annual event, set
Tho two city clubs, while they have lost
by death or removal some of their best
known players, have received valuable
accessions and now have between forty
and ¦fifty members each on; their rolls.
The young Californians who have learned
the game here have shown a remarkable
aptitude for it. Last Sunday • they de
feated a strong team of players represent
ing Old England, though the! team, in
cluded such excellent cricketers as Harold
B. Richardson, E. G. Sloman, H. C. Cas
idy. A. Jenkins and the new Australian
bowler, B. Kortlang. The Pacific Cricket
team stands highest in the contest for the
pennant, having played , j three matches
and von them. all. Though' matrimony
has deprived "the Pacific Club of the val
uable services of John Myers at. the bat
and behind the wickets, H. C. Casidy, C.
P. Coles, B. Kortlang, A. W. Wilding and
the Jamieson brothers are doing excel
lent work. With the exception of Arthur
Dickenson, who, next to B. G. Sloman,
was the strongest all-round player in the
old California club, the strength of the
Alameda team, which won the champion
ship last year, Is almost entirely derived
from the Croll brothers, the Bird broth
ers, A. S. Willis, A. F. Stahl, Harold
Ward and other young Californians. ¦ ;
Several good cricketers are unattached,
and there has been talk of forming a
third club in connection with the (Olympic
Club; but it is not likely the new organiz
ation will come into. existence, during the
present season. It would be a good thing
for local cricket If a third city club could
be formed as it would give each of the* al
ready existing clubs a fresh antagonist. '*
The .Santa Cruz and Sacramento cricket
clubs have introduced an agreeable ele
ment of variety into the game, "and the
California Cricket Association has. been
strengthened by the Inclusion of the
Burns Valley and Lakeport clubs. JThe
association, which at no time in Its exist
ence has had more than seven clubs on
its roll,, now has six members. The fact
that the Santa Cruz and the Sacramento
clubs take part in the series, of matches
for the championship pennant and that
their batsmen and bowlers have a chance
to win the prizes offered by Vice President
Captain John Metcalfe and T. W. Beak
bane has given those clubs a lively in
tersst in the association and in their fel
low cricketers in San Francisco. The clubs
in the association represent. a more gen
eral and widespread interest- in' cricket
than ever before.
and two cricket grounds, one at
Kllnknerville * and the other at Web
ster- street, Alameda, which were ; In
use on. every Sunday during the season,
the cricketers are still enjoying their fav
orite recreation. -
ALTHOUGH there are only two city
cricket clubs In existence this year,
while in 1895 there were five clubs.
Park? Players to Present a
Formidable List cf
. Contestants.
Nordyke May Be Moved to
, Center and Two Men" '
May Retire.
Pacific /Club Has Won All
Ts Pennant Matches
This Season.
Dan Shay and Sam Dungan
Said to Be Signed , ,
• by Harris. , \
Champion Cricket Eleven Is
Chiefly Composed of
. Natives.
Preparing for the State Cham
. pionships in
July.
TENNIS CRACKS
ENGAGED IN
MATCH PLAY
NEW PLAYERS
WILL MINGLE
WITH PONIES
CALIFORNIANS
EXCEL AT OLD
ENGLISH GAME
! ¦ ':'¦*.
PROMINENT CRICKETERS IN CHARACTERISTIC ATTITUDES ON THE FIELD, WHO ARE TAKING PART IN
" THE SERIES OF GAMES ON THE ALAMEDA GROUNDS FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE COAST. SOME
OF THE BEST PLAYERS ARE AMERICANS WHO HAVE TAKEN UP THE' ENGLISH GAME.
NEARLY every other man one en
counters these days has either a
fishing rod or a gun under his arm.
This indicates plainly that the pos
sessor of the sporting paraphernalia is
about to leave for the country in quest
of health and a coating of tan.>
Such sportsmen will not find the
streams depleted, as there has been com
paratively little angling done up to the
present time. The season has been unus
ually backward, owing to. the late rains
leaving the streams high and the trout
undisturbed.
There were storms In the McCloud Riv
er district and on the Truckee and the
Sacramento Decoration day, putting a
damper on the sport of the anglers who
went to those streams. W. D. Mans
field, Ed. Everett and a number of other
¦well-known anglers made the pilgrimage
to the McCloud. A snow storm put an
end to their hopes.
W. A. Cooptr, A. S. Carmon and son,
John Slebe and a host of anglers were on
tho upper Sacramento. They also met
with disappointment. .
Charles Precht, Frank Dolliver, Louis
Rondeau and Bert Spring fished the Paper
Mill near Point Reyes last Sunday. Mr.
Dolliver was high hook, with seventy
seven trout. The remainder of the party,
were nearly as successful.
Among the anglers at Boca are Mr.
Kabler and son; J. P. Wallace, Mr. Foun
tain, Jeff Wells, W. C. Peyton, Charles
W. Johnson of San Francisco; H. A. and
E. F. Wilkins of New York. The best
hshing Is said to be from the Big Rock to
Burckhalter, about two miles below Boca.
The Leaf brothers of Boca have been
making good catches.
Joseph Vincent, William Duffy and Her
man Pless are in the Lake Tahoe dis
trict, where they will spend two weeks
in quest of trout.
J. Fatjo caught thirty-six "horse" smelt
off Angel Island some days since. A
number of them weighed a pound and a
half each. Smelt are being taken in large
numbers at the Sausalito whaxf.
George Lane, Dr. F. J. Lane and A. R.
Powers fished the Carmel last Friday,
Saturday and Sunday. They took in all
some 500 fish, chiefly small ones. George
Lane caught a five-pound steelhead on a
spoon. The favorite fly was the brown
hackle and the black gnat.
William Ellis and George Ellis fished
near Point Bonita some days since. The
former caught an eight-pound capazoni,
a member of the cod family. His brother
caught a number of red cod weighing
from three to five pounds.
Mr. Fountain sent down a fine box of
fish from Boca on Wednesday, which In
dicate the angling has Improved there.
It should continue good until the heat
melts the snow and raises the river again.
George Hass, . William Hutton and T.
Rothschild tried for salmon at Monterey
last Sunday. The latter was the successful
one of the party, getting three weighing
respectively twenty-five, sixteen and ten
§ounds. The heavy wind on Friday and
aturday drove the sardines out to sea
and spoiled the fishing.
B. Fountain, F. Stores and M. J. Moore
spent a week on the East Austin. They
packed In from Cazadero, eight miles to
Red Slide Mountain. They took in all 343
trout, measuring from six to eight Inches,
using fly and spoon. The rain, put an end
to their sport.
John Deane, J. L. Herget, Al Coney,
-Colonel Moore, M. Shanahan of Napa, J.
'Carroll and F. Davis will leave shortly for
a two weeks' camping trip through Napa,
Sonoma, Mendocino and Lake counties.
The members of the San Francisco Fly
casting Club will meet this afternoon and
to-morrow at Stow Lake, Golden Gate
Park. These will be the last contests un
til August 23. During the interval an
open-to-the-world tournament will be
held. Early. In August is the time fixed
for it and many flycasters are expected
from the East.
S. J. Pembroke has been appointed the
representative of the Fourth of July cel
ebration committee to attend the meet
ings of -the regatta committee of tho
Pacific Association. He is desirous of
arranging a race in single shells be
tween William Patton of Portland and
A. W. Pape of the Dolphin Rowing Club
The Olympic barge crew Is practicing
every evening, as the members are liv
ing at Belvedere. F. J. Sherry will pull
in the Junior outrigged skiff race on
July 4. He Is in excellent condition, a"nd,
if he could get rid of some faults, might
run George Baker very close.
The nominating committee of the Dol
phin Boating Club, consisting of Val
Kehrlcin, H. Perazzi, L. D. Weinand, F.
Seibei and C. H. Coney, have made the
following nominations for officers for
the coming termrM^or president, J. S.
Earls; vice president, C. M. Farrell'
treasurer! Adam Schuppert; financial sec
retary, F."C. Staib; recording secretary,
W. L. Bush;, sergeant-at-arms, P. Freud
enberg; captain, T. R. Dixon; lieutenant
captain, Frank Curry; directors— T. J.
Kennedy and Fred Selbel. The Junior
outrigged skiff races for the president's
medal will be. held on Sunday, June 22,
the entries being .L. D. Weinand, Frank
Curry. E. H. Coney, Fred Woerner, Val
Kehrlein, P. Freudenberg and R P
Topping. . ;
P. E. Stowell of the Portland Rowing
Club states the Portland crew will use
its best efforts to win the barge race
at the Fourth of July regatta. The Port
landers are very desirous of having a
shell race, as they consider shell racing
the highest form of .the sport, and are
anxious to impress Californians with
that idea. P. E. Stowell rightly says
that if the University of California and
Stanford once became interested in row
ing the sport would receive a great im
petus. The Portland four are S. M. Lu
ders, R. C. Hart, R. G. Durham and P.
E. Stowell. William Patton will also
come to- California to pull in the single
shell race. The Portlanders will use the
boat ,use of the University of California
on Sessions Basin for training quarters.
There was a large attendance of mem
bers and much enthusiasm at the last
regular meeting of the Ariel Rowing
Club. Nearly twenty new members have
been taken into the club recently. Two
crews are practicing for the Fourth of
July regatta. They have received per
mission of the South End Rowing Club
to use its boathouse.
It was hoped the University of Califor
nia Boating Association might be repre
sented by a shell crew at the annual re
gatta, but Barry H. Cerf, captain, says
it is impossible for him to get together a
four-oared crew. W. B. Goodwin, who
has acted as coach of the university
crews, is too busy and Arthur Smith, one
of the most valuable men in the crew, is
going away from Berkeley on a vacation,
which he tried unsuccessfully to postpone.
No other man is available to take the
place of Smith. . . . ¦ \
During the month of August the club
will hold a ladies' night and moonlight
parade on Oakland Creek. It will be call
ed a "Venetian carnival." A feature of
the entertainment will be a procession of
more than two dozen yachts, catboats
and rowboats, towed by launches. Tiie
craft will be illuminated and there will
be a barge for red fire, music and other
attractions. A committee of seven was
appointed to make the necessary arrange
ments. \V. B. Hinchman is chairman,
and the members are W. L. Frier, A. J
Kihm, A. G. Bell, Sydney Pollard, Fawn
Nott and George Schroeder. A queen of
the carnival will be chosen.
The senior barge crew has no rivals.
The crews which .will represent the club
will be selected from their performances
in to-morrow's trial races. The last reg
ular meeting of the Alameda club was
well attended. A. L. Behnemann was
elected a member.
on Oakland Creek. There are two
intermediate and three junior crews de
sirous of representing the club in the an
nual regatta on Lake Merritt, July 4.
ALAMEDA Boat Club will hold trial
races in barge and outrigged skiff
to-morrow over the regular course
Portland 'Will Send a Good
Crew to Oakland
Regatta.
Drcoration Day Holidays
Provide Poor Sport Be
cause of Rain.
The Oakland Canoe Club held its usual
Decoration day reception In Its clubhouse
on Sessions Basin, but the race among
the canoes for the Mayiisch badge and
among the sloops for the Holiday cup had
to be called off on account of the violence
of the wind, which blew, with unusual
force on the, creek. Commodore Caduc's
flagship Ar.nle lay at her moorings in Ses
sions Basin, and the guests of the club
•were- hospitably received in her cabin
About seventy-five guests and members
rut down to dinner in the clubhouse
There was a dance in the evening.
The sloop Mcrope has been chartered
for the season to L. A. Weidenmuller W
W. Coates and Will Morton. She will con
tinue to fly the Corinthian burgee.
The San Francisco clubmen now say
their only anxiety about the Challenger
was lest she should carry away some
part of her gear before finishing the race.
'J'hat she could outfoot anything of ner
class on the bay they felt quite satisfied,
hut they did not feel sure she would
cover the course without mishap. During
her practice spins her speed was not sus- '
pected, as several Corinthian yachts, the !
Edna., Aeolus and Presto, beat her in !
brushes in the channel. But she had a I
great quantity of barnacles and seaweed i
on her bottom, which, while holding her
back greatly, did not interfere with the
practice of her skipper and crew. She
might have beaten Harpoon by an
even larger margin that she did, as she
lost 2S seconds in crossing the starting
line, was slow in setting her spinnaker,
and on the last run home did not set her
water-sail at all. Her skipper did some
pretty work in rounding the leeward
stakeboat, establishing an overlap on Har
poon and compelling her to let the Chal
lenger pass between her and the mark
This required considerable nerve and a
perfectly steady hand on the tiller, as not
more than a foot separated the two boats
After the race the Challenger was done
and could not have gone around the
course again. Her sails were dropped and
she was towed over most of the way to
Sausalito until temporary repairs were
made. That Ehe covered the course with
out mishap was a matter of general satis
faction as neither the yachtsmen nor the
general public would have liked to see
the race won by the defender through an
accident to the Challenger. The new boat
will I certainly win the Macdonough cup
in the 30-foot class at the interclub re
gatta in September.
The defense of the Perpetual cup has
been a matter of serious expense to the
Corinthians, who fitted up Frank Stone's
Presto and spent a considerable Bum on
Harpoon. Whether the Corinthians
will make an attempt to get back the
trophy next year or not is uncertain; they
*** let anotaer challenge
The Vallejo Yacht c'lub may challenge
next year with >L E. Chapman's speedy
sloop Helen. The Corinthians might
challenge with a Email sloop like Dis
covery, in which case the Challenger
could not be used as a defender as her
racing length exceeds that of Discov
ery by more than 10 per cent. The yacht
clubs of San Francisco Bay are not rich
enough to build a boat every year or
even every other year, simply to try for
the Perpetual Challenge cup, and It is,
that even such fast cruisers a?
Presto, Aeolus and Harpoon stand little
chance with a. boat of the most modern
type, which foots fast, goes about Ina
few seconds and reaches wonderfully
There was a lively time at the San
Francisco Yacht Club house at.Sausa
nto last Saturday night. Rockets and
other fireworks were procured and there
v.-as a general Jollification. Later a re
ception will be held, at which the Chal
lenge cup will be formally turned ov*>r
to the winners.
Fred Russ Cook, on the other hand,
pursued the usual course in a flood-tide
race when he went over to the Presidio
snore and made short tacks out to the
windward buoy. Had the Challenger
adopted this course she would have
gained considerably on Harpoon, as
ner quickness in stays gave her an advan
tage of about 4 seconds every time she
tame about.
Yachtsmen are still discussing the Har
poon-Challenger contest. They are unani
mous in the opinion that W. G. Morrow
sailed an excellent race, although he de
parted from a well-established rule of
yacht racing when he eplit tacks off Alca
traz Island. On the first beat out the
challenger had satisfactorily shown she
cuuld outfoot Harpoon and was point
ing as high as the defender. Being enti-
Ut-<i to an allowance of 3 minutes 43 sec
uncft, mif she had to do to make sure of
winning the race was to hang on to Har
poon. \V r . G. Morrow, however, knew that
at certain conditions of the flood tide and
m a certain place an ebb eddy runs out
from Alcatraz Island, and his purpose
was to find this and keep in it as long as
Ijossible. That he found it is clear from
the fact that the great gain of the
challenger was made between Alcatraz
and the windward mark.
The California club members will
cruise to Sheep Island to-night, and to
morrow will enjoy clam chowder on the
uoach.
TO-DAY and to-morrow are open
dates on the schedules of San Fran
cisco and Corinthian yacht clubs.
Yachtsmen Are Discussing
Prospects of Next
Year's Race.
The winners in the first round of the
stakes to be decided at Union Park to
day and to-morrow look to be:
Special stake — Cascade. Full Moon, Fair
Oaks. Ireland, Mose. Flylnj Fox, Game Boy.
Prompto, Roy Hughle, Sacramento Boy. Golden
Garter. Anchor. Master Rocket, Fontenoy, Ru- '
ral Artist and Sliver Cloud.
Class reserve stake — Regal Attire. Partial
Eclipse, Naughty Girl. Jim Douglas. Sugarcane,
Scotch Reel, Brutus. Aeolus. Sir Lawrence.
Flower of Gold. Sempronlua. Delia M, Fly By
Night. October Lad, Gold illll and Golden
Age.
Reserve stake — Highlands, Honest John,
Pure Pearl, Orlando. Rustic Arbor, Lavender,
Reckless Admirer. Lawrence. Fred Freedom,
Dragon Fly. Coldius and Rollicking Airs.
George Sharman has bought Maud S.,
by Emin Pasha-Rockette, from A. R»
Curtis. He alao bought the young dog
Butte City, by Happy Day-Kitty Scott,
in Los Angeles.
Erwin & Lyons of Texas have bought
Rona from H. H. Gray. She is in Texas
and will be coursed soon.
Frank Jones has bought Minnie Sankey
from Eugene Geary.
H. A. Talbot has bought Little Dorrit
from Mazzini of Alameda. *
Frank Moran, who was the second
president of the California Coursing Com
mittee and the owner of False Flatterer,
Golden Russet and other good perform
ers, has been heard from In Sydney. In a
letter to Secretary Malcolm he says he
recently witnessed his first coursing since
February, 1900. He says there is a lot of
interest shown in coursing in and about
Sydney, but that the greyhounds are not
always sent to the slips in as good condi
tion as they should be. The coursing Is
chiefly in the open, but there ara some
inclosed meetings.
Second payment of $2 50 in the Califor
nia Futurity stake will be due on July 1.
A puppy stake will be run at Union
Park on the 14th inst.. while a sapling
stake will be on the card a week later.
J. H. Perigo will sell his kennel of dogs
at auction to-morrow at Union Coursing
Park during the intermission for lunch
eon.
The greyhounds of the For Freedom-
Lady Greeley litter are winning all tho
stakes at Sherman, Texas. Joe Ross
says one of them, Texa3 Hoo Hoo,
would be dangerous In any company
here.
The third meeting of the season of
the Butte City (Montana) Coursing Club
last Sunday was postponed on account
of rain. One round of a 33-dog stake was
run.
AN unusual amount of illness In the
various kennels about this city has
for the time being reduced the num
ber of greyhounds available for
coursing. For some years past about this
time an epidemic has swept through the
kennels. It has not been fatal, and In
former years disappeared almost as sud
denly as it appeared. It has reduced the
numbeY but not the quality of the run
ning dogs- At Union Park a consolation
stake will fill the programme to-morrow
to its usual size.
It has practically been settled that
the Ladies' Day champion stake will not
be run until the first Sunday in July.
This rich stake will then be the feature
of a three days' meeting, extending over
the Independence day holiday. This will
be almost a rerunning of the California
Coursing Committee stake, all the crack
dogs beins entered.
H. F. Anderson starts a young grey
hound to-day which gives promise of
being • a good one. The dog is called
Highlands, and is by Crawford Lad-Car
men. He weighs seventy-flve pounds,
rraking him the heaviest dog in the run
ning. S*i* ' H
The Pastime Coursing Club of St. Loui3
has secured the infleld of the Delmar
racetrack for a coursing Held, .and will
resume operations on September 1. An
effort is being made to secure the services
of P. J. Reilly of this city as judge.
Will Have Gayly Decorated
Yachts in Procession
and Music. .
Season Is Backward and
Trout Should Be
Plentiful.
Ladies' Day Champion Stake
to Be Decided Early
in July.
OARSMEN PLAN
CARNIVAL ON
THE ESTUARY
Captain Morrow Is Credited
With Handling His
Boat Cleverly.
ANGLERS SEEK
STREAMS OG
THE SIERRAS
AMATEUR TARS
PRAISE CREW OF
CHALLENGER
Epidemic Sweeps Through
Kennels, but Few Deaths
Result.
GREYHOUNDS
ARE ATTACKED
BY DISEASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUKE 7,' 1902.
4American Poloist Charged .v^^X^lw -; ( tfefe4:JJi^ '^..bf^;Tbb. •¦;^harp. Spurs in
the First; of the l^ernational M <
COMPLAINT AGMNST WATERBURY
IS WITHDRAWN BY SHREWSBURY
WALTER S. BUCKMASTER, THE MOST EXPERT* POLO PLATER' IN ALL
. \; j ENGLAND, WHO I WILL .PLAY "BACK" IN THE GAME FOR INTERNA
: 4 T1ONAL TROPHY TO-DAY; HE COMESOF A FAMILY OF HORSEMEN.
NEW TORK, June 6.— Watercolor has
V.een declared out of the Suburban handi
cap.
Watercolor Out of the Suburban.
PARIS. June 6.— "W. K. Vanderbilfs Le
Mistral won the Prix Bzons at the Mais
ons Lafitte races to-day. His Ariege was
not claced in the race for the Prix Long
Jumau and his Nettle was unplaced In
The contest for the Prix Tenebeuz.
Vanderbilt's "Le Mistral Wins.
NEW TORK, June U. — Gravesend summary:
Kirst race, the Kensington hurdle handicap,
one niile ana three-quarters, uvef seven hurdles
Bis Gun won, Jim Meuebben second,
Uraughtsman third. Time, J:li 3-5.
{Second race, handicap, lor all ages, about six
furlongs — Northern Star won, 'lhe Musketeer
second, Dublin third. Time, l:0tf 3-5.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth — Swift
ir.as won. Flying Buttress second. Royal third.
Time, 1 :*7.
Fourth race, for two- year-olds, five and a
half lurlongs, selling — Daisy Green won. Ber
nard second. First Chord third. Time, 1 :07 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Caller won, Emthee second, Daffodowndilly
third. Time. 1:40 4-5. •
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, seli
ing — Agnes D won. Ascension second, .Bessie
McCarthy third. Time, 1:45.
CINCINNATI. June 0. — Latonia summary:
First race, Eix furlongs — Lord Fraber won,
King Tatius second. Judge Hargis third. Time.
Second race, five furlongs — Flora Wllloughby
won Our Sailie second, Grace Honta. third.
Time, 1:02.
Third race, one mile — Ed Adack won, Ethel
Davis second. Chorus Boy third. Time, 1:4^^4.
Fourth race, hurdle handicap, one mile and
an eigttth — Sophie S won. The Esmond second,
Gecnerose third. Time. 2:0"Vi.
Filth race five furlongs — Kosanco won, Joe
Buckley second, Model Monarch third. Time,
l:Olri.
Sixth race. Eix furlones — Similar won, Pom
pino second. Weird third. Time. 1:13.
CHICAGO, June (S. — Harlem summary:
First race, six furlongs — Federal won, Bur
r.le Bunton second, Imp. Rose Trice third.
'lime. 1:13 4-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Silver
Fringe won. John C. King second. Dr. O'Neill
third. Time. :i5 3-5. •
Third race, steeplechase, full course — Henry
Gibbs won. Precursor second. Dick Furber
third. Time not taken.
Fourth race, the Lassie stakes, for two-year
eld fillies, five furlongs — Mary Lavar.a won,
Rheta second, Navasota third. Time, 1:02 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth, handi
cap — Otis won, . Boney Boy second. Marshal
Neil third. Time, 1:56.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards — Com
pass won Radiant Heat second, Tyrshena
third. Time, 1:49 3-5.
ST. LOUIS. June 6. — Fair Grounds summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Prince
Plenty won, Lou Ann second, Sam. Lazarus
third. Time. 1:16^4.
Sfc-ond race, maiden two-year-olds, four and
a half furlongs— Happy Chappy won, -Pourquol
Pas second. Flora Levy third. Time, :56.
Third race, steeplechase, about two miles —
Alva II won, Eva Moe second, Terry Ranger
third. Time. 3:5».
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Corrigan won. Nobleman second. Varro third.
Time. 1:45.
Filth race, six furlongs, selling — Joe Goss
won, John Grigsby second, Frank Pearce third.
Time, 1:17.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Miss Go
liphtly won. Brewer Schorr 6econd, Nearest
third. Time. l:2S=i.
Huns a Mile and Seventy Yards in.
Good Time — Results at Gravesend,
Latcnia and Harlem.
COBKIGAN A WINNEB.
AT ST. LOUIS TRACK
LONDON, June 6.— Ladles* day at Ep-
Bcm was marred to-day by the
weather. King Edward, the Prince
ot Wales and other members of the royal
family started for the course in a down
pour of rain, and consequently the roads
leading to the Downs lacked much of their
usual picturesque appearance. A majority
o£ the racegoers preferred to travel by
train, but a good sprinkling of people aa
hered to the time-nonored custom of at
tending The Oaks in coaches and otner
convexances. At Intervals between show
ers t_ne inclosures were gay wlifc bngnt
Ine race for The Oaks stakes of £4500
for three-year-old nilies, about one mue
and a half, was won by K. S. Slever s
bay nlly Sceptre. Colonel H. McCalmont'a
chestnut tilly Glass Jug was second and
Lord Cadigan's bay liny, by Prisoner, out
or Simoon, was tliird. The betting was
5 to 2 againsi Sceptre, 10 to 1 against
Glass Jug and 65 to 1 against the Simoon
tillv. fourteen horse ran.
fair J. Biundth .Maple's bay filly Simoon
II led to the straight, where Sceptre,
which started well, took command appa
rently at will, drew to the front and won
easily by three lengths. A length and a
half separated the second and third
horses. tJaliantrae was fourth. The time
was 2:40 3-5. The race *as run while the
rain was falling.
Mr. Siever and Sceptre received a rare
ovation.
The Simoon nlly was ridden by Maher,
the American jocKey.
Sceptre won the 2000-gulnea stakes in
April and captured the iOW-guinea stakes
in May.
The Acorn stakes were won by Baron
ess La Fleche, ridden by J. H. Martin,
the American jockey.
Big Race Is Run at Epsom
During a Downpour
of Rain.
Skver's Filly Retrieves
Her Defeat in the
Derby.
SCEPTRE WINS
THE CLASSIC
ENGLISH OAKS
AMERICAN POLO PLAYERS WILL MEET THEIR ENGLISH RIVALS TO-DAY
TOKOHAMA — Arrived June 4 — Stmr Olym
pla. from Tacoma, for Hioco and Hongkong.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, June 6.
Stmr Celia, Hogan. 34 hours from. Eureka.
Stmr Coronado. Patersen, 62 hours from
Grays Harbor: bound for Fort Los Angeles;
put in to land passengers.
>< SAILED.
Friday, June 6w ,
Stmr Deacatch, Johnson. Seattle.
Stmr Rival. Olsen. WUlapa Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE^ — Sailed Juno 6 — Stmr Meteor, foe
Ladysmlth.
Arrived June 6 — Stmr ConemauRh. from
Ladysmlth; ship James Drummond, from San
Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived June 6 — Br stmr Duka
of Fife, from Yokohama: - schr Marlon, from,
San Francisco.
Sailed Juno 6 — Stmr Valencia, for Seattle:
stmr Indiana, for Seattle ; stmr Eureka. . for
Eureka. . '
PORTLAND — Sailed June 6— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco. '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK — Sailed June 6 — Stmr Celtic,
for Queenstown and Liverpool.
GENOA — Arrived June 6 — Stmr Aller, from
New Tork, via Gibraltar and Naples.
SPOKANE, June 6.— The faculty of th©
University of California has prohibited,
the college baseball team from playing a
game with the Spokane Athletic Club
here on Sunday. The game w^ll b© played,
the university boys adopting the name
All-California team for that day.
Berkeley Nino Evades Orders.
Army orders announce that First Lieu
tenant Elmer A. Dean, assistant surgeon,
will go from the General Hospital, Pre
sidio of San Francisco, to Columbia Ar
senal, Tenn. Contract Surgeon Oliver M.
Holllday will go from. Burton. Kans.. to
San Francisco, thence to th© Philippines.
Postmasters commissioned — California:
William Dlngram. Lincoln: Linnaeus J.
Adams. Doble; Eli H. Wells, Wlllits;
Charles G. Spargur. Madeline; Silas Ruth,
Lodge; Daniel Browning, Silsbee.
Postmasters, appointed — California: T.
R. Gabel, Sawtelle, Los Angeles County,
vice C. 0. Tucker, deceased. Washing
ton—Aug Veser, Aquarium, King County,
vice Josephine Depuy, resigned; D. F.
Lewis, Harvey, Stevens County, vice Wil
liam Bryant, resigned; K. S. Waterman.
Loon Lake, Stevens County, vice Maria
Hurd, resigned; A. M. Green, West Se
attle, King County, vice G. B. Green,
resigned.
Salary of postmasters — San Jose.* Cal.,
increased from $3100 to $3200, July 1.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Benjamin F. Goodwin,
San Francisco, $8; WilJiam Smith. Confi
dence, $6; Rufus Alexander Temple,
Santa Rosa, $10. Increase— Patrick Mad
den, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12;
Charles P. Wilson, Pomona. $10; Eben S.
Stevens, Veterans* Home. $12.
Oregon: Original — Francis Hewitt,
Huntington, $S. Increase — Joseph Craw
ford, Baker City. $8; Anson S. Burlin
game, Sheridan, $3.
Washington: Original — Francis D.
Fuller. Port Orchard, $6; T. Leroy John
son, Pomeroy. $6; Jeremiah J. Hughes,
Herekinson, $6; John Robinson. Vancou
ver, $10. Increase— William H. White. Au
burn, $8; William Mesecher, Lucas, $8.
Widows — Viola Rhodes, Stones, $8.
Navy ordera — Rear Admiral J. F. Mer
ry, retired. Is detached from duty as
commandant of the naval station at Hon
olulu and ordered to Washington, D. C.
Commander G. Blocklnger is detached
from the command of the Wheeling to
take command of the naval station at
Honolulu. Lieutenant W. H. Standley is
detached from the branch Hydrographies
Office, San Francisco, to the Pensacola.
naval training station, San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— The Postofflco
Department to-day announced: Pos^
offices established— California: Lodge,
Fresno County (re-established) ; Sllsbee,
San Diego County.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
DENVER, Colo., June 6.— Articles of
agreement were signed to-night for a 10
round fight on June 27 between Younff
Corbett and Abe Attel before the Coliseum
Athletic Club, the men to weigh In at
123 pounds at 3 o'clock. It Is understood
Manager Gallagher has the assurances of
police department officials that the recent
order forbidding prizefights will not bo
en/orced on that occasion.
Attel, John Reagan and their manager.
Jack McKenna. left for San Francisco to
night for a brief visit.
The Promising Feather-Weight Is on
His Way to This City.
ATTEL TO FIGHT CORBETT.
CHICAGO, June 6.— Jack O'Brien, the
Philadelphia middle-weight, knocked out
Al Neill of San Francisco In the third,
round of a scheduled six-round contest
here to-night.
Neill was outclassed in every way and,
was bleeding freely before the fight had
progressed half a minute. O'Brien used,
a straight left jab that Invariably con
nected with Nelll's nose. Before the Cali
fornlan could gather himself O'Brien,
would throw a right-hander to the jaw.
Neill was down twice In the second round
and -was staggering blindly around the
rir.g when the round ended.
In the third round, while Neill was
staggering and unable to protect himself,
O'Brien reached his jaw with a right up
per-cut. The blow sent Neill through the)
ropes and he was counted out- !
Finally Sends Him Through
the "Ropzs and Knocks
Him Out.
Philadelphia!! Outclasses His
Opponent From the
Start
O'BRIEN WINS
FROM NEILL
\ IN THE THIRD
Earle L. Eavey, clerk v In the office of
the United States laundry, appeared be
fore Judge Cabanlss . yesterday on a
charge of grand larceny. He was accused
of stealing $87 60 from the laundry safe.
He was arrested In Denver and brought
back. The Judge suggested that Eavey
plead guilty to petty larceny. The sug
gestion was accepted, and the Judge sen
tenced him to six months in the County
Jail. < ¦'•£ ., .; -.:'-
Six Months for Eavey.
Policeman P. J. Keyes did a heroic act
yesterday by stopping two frightened
horses which started on a mad stampede
down McAllister street from "Van Ness
avenue. The horses were attached to a
double rig, in which were seated Mrs. W.
Hill of 442 McAllister street and Mrs. J.
J. - Balllnger of 1126 Golden Gate avenue
and her five-year-old son. The officer
made a run for the frightened animals at
Larkln and McAllister streets and was
dragged quite a distance before he suc
ceeded in checking them.
Policeman Stops Runaway.
A committee of Sacramento citizens,
composed of Frank Ryan, Thomas Fox and
City Attorney Howe, waited on Assistant
President Kruttschnltt yesterday In ref
erence to the tracks on R street, in Sac
ramento. Chief Counsel W. F. Herrin,
Chief Engineer Wallace and Superintend
ent Lewis were present at the conference.
The committee complained that the tracks
on R street, extending from Front to
Twenty-first, were elevated to a height of
about ten feet. This track, they said,
was a serious nuisance to adjoining prop
erty and should be lowered to the level
of the street. After discussing the matter
at much length Assistant President
Kruttschnitt informed the committee
that the roadbed and track would be lev
eled In the Immediate future.
Railroad Will Lower the Track.
Neither of the Fishbournes appeared to
press the insanity charge against their
neighbor. Other neighbors, however, tes
tified that the Fishbournes were quarrel
some. Judge Ogden decided to let the old
lady go home and gave her 50 cents for
carfare.
According to Mrs. Fisher's story she
remonstrated with Mr. and Mrs. James
Fishbourne, who occupy the upper part
of the same flat with her, yesterday for,
she claims, hiding her clothes In the
woodshed. The husband continued the
remonstrance when he came home and
says he was felled by a blow from Fish
bourne on the face. To save her old hus
band from a beating she says she struck
the man on the head with a broomstick.
For her pains she received two blows on
the face, the marks of which she still car
ries. These attacks were j followed up
with an accusation of insanity against
the old woman.
Mrs. Fisher is 77 years~of age and lives
at the expense of the county and her
neighbors at 137 Ettie street, in the Watts
Tract, North Oakland. Her husband,
three years' her senior, does what his fee
ble hands can do to supply their wants.
Ann Fisher, old and shaken with palsy,
related a tale of abuse at the hands of
her neighbors to-day in Judge Ogden's
presence, to which she had been sum
moned for examination as to her sanity.
Tells a Sad Story in Judge
Ogden's Court.
Ann Fisher, Charged With Insanity,
THOUGH OLD AND PALSIED
NEIGHBORS ABUSE HER
Henry W. Flncke, the champion ama
teur welter-weight boxer of the United
States, upheld his title by beating: Al
Young all over the ring. Young was an
aggressive boxer but was no match for
Fmcke. •
"Fuzzie". Little and Dave Byrnes were
slow in starting, but when they turned
loose the spectators saw some fighting.
Near the end of the first round Byrnes
diopped Little, but Jimmy came back
gamely. The second round was also fast.
They stood up and battered each other,
both showing wonderful gamenesa.
Byrnes rested in the third. In. the last
round both boys cut loose arid went at it
hammer and tongs. Little was given the
decision.
Tony Reilly and John Smelter did some
ground -and lofty tumbling. Rellly's hair
was so long that It blinded him and he
swung wildly. Smelter proved an awk
ward boxer. Reilly was given the deci
sion.
"Kid" Parker, the newsboy scrapper,
hammered Bob Thompson all over the
ring for four rounds and was given the
decision. . . . , ¦'.
' villon annex by the Ariel Rowing
Club. Every bout was interesting and the
spectators went away well satisfied.
Young Wolff was given a decision over
Eddie Knoch ' after four rounds of des
perate fighting. The winner was the
stronger of the two, but Knoch gave him
a hard battle. Joe Reilly, a youth from
Los Angeles, ran himself out In his bout
with Lew Powell. The latter received th«
decision ' over his ¦ wlld-swlnglng opponent.
Monte Attel, a brother of Abe Aftel,
knocked out Joe O'Brien in three rounds.
Young Attel has improved and Is rapidly
devloping into a clever bantam.
THERE was not a vacant seat at'tho
amateur boxing exhibitions given
last night in the Mechanics" Pa-
Battle.
Little Secures Decision Over
Byrnes After a Hard
pionship.
Firicke Defends His Title to
the Welterweight Cham-
FAST BOUTS
ARE SHOWN
BY AMATEURS
California' Nine Heavily Engaged.
SPOKANE," Wash.',:; June | - 6,-rManager
. The estate . of the late ' Charles Palmer
Chesley . has been appraised at ? $48,670 85.
The report' of. the appraisers,; .which-, was
filed yesterday^ shows, that he owned, real
estate : in ' < this and v San ..'. Mateo County
worth $23,750,' personal property valued at
$3852 63 and $23,750 in cash.
Chesley , Estate . Appraised.
you do' buy your chips of us.- We have
a complete stock of chips, playing cards,
dice, chessmen,- checkers and ailarge-va
riety of tally cards. San born; Vail & Coy,
741 Market st. .;: ' •' . '- • : ". '• -
Do -You Play PokerP
NEW YORK 'AND PITTSBXJRG
PLAY ELEVEN-INNING TIE
Triple Play in the Ninth by Ritchey
and Wagner Enlivens the
Proceedings.
. NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, June 6. — The New Tork team
played an eleven-inning game to a tie with
Pittsburg to-day. A triple play In the ninth
lnnins by. Kitchey and Wagner was a feature
BOSTON,', June 6.— The Chicago - boxer,
Tommy Dixon, who" was arrested here ion
May ; . 23, _ following j the death -, of £ Tommy
Noonan of Chelsea, whomhe)had*knocked
out in a boxing. bout, was discharged to
day. The medical examiner decided that
Noonan died of o.verexertion. ¦ •
Boxer' Tommy Bison Acquitted.
.Anita; Clark, who pleaded guilty , to a
charge of robbery for assisting ; Thomas
Galvin to steal more than $400 from Mrs.
Ellen J. Foote in the Elysium Hotel on
Geary street on December 29, appeared
for sentenee before Judge Cook yester
day. J At the request; of the- District At
torney sentence was postponed till Au
gust .2., when Galvln's trial on the charge
of perjury will take .place. \
Anita Clark Not Sentenced.
The registration of 1902 shows a marked
increase over that of 1900, being: 13,663 up
to date, as . against 7406 for the previous
general registration of two years ago.
Many citizens have availed themselves of
the opportunity afforded of registering: in
the- evenings, as the office remains open
from .7:30 to. 10 p. m. The Forty-second
District leads In the number of voters en
rolled, 1064, and the Thirty-third has the
smallest list, 501. The following . table
shows the registration for every district:
Twenty-eighth, 726; Twenty-ninth, 73o-
Thirtieth, 718; Thirty-first, 572; Thjrty
second, 565; Thirty-third, -501; Thiriy
fourth. 461; Thirty-fifth, 714; Thirty-sixth
753; Thirty-seventh, 1001; Thirty-eighth
1018; Thirty-ninth, 605; Fortieth, 830; Forl
ty-flrst, 794; . Forty-second, 1064; . Forty
thlro.,".798; I Forty-fourth, . 908; ; Forty-firth.
604. ;;Votal; 13.668. ' '
Increased Registration.
Studies in cheese making have engaged
the attention of his department,. with the
result that the celebrated Wisconsin curd
test was devised. Wherever ' adopteu ' it
has secured the -user almost.' entirely
against loss, amounting in some cases to
an individual saving of from $10 to $15 per
day. . . '
The investigations made ny his depart
ment in swine feeding, have also been of
great importance, showing that- a better
product can be obtained by | Intelligent
feeding. The bodies of the animals fed
under. his system carry a higher ratio of
lean to fat. The industry of feeding. sheep
for mutton has been greatly promoted by
his department. Experiments on the best
and most economical feeding of -beef cat
tle to secure the best! commercial returns
have received attention with satisfactory
results. ->. - •
" Livestock breeders from all <Jver i Cali
fornia s"hould exhibit their stock* and visit
the fair. It is seldom they will, have the
chance to have their, stock 'pagsed: upon
by so well known an authority. . v
The board of directors propose encour
aging the livestock exhibits on a more ex
tended scale than heretofore. New edu
cational features and attractions will ~e
introduced. and dairymen, livestock rais
ers and farmers are invited .to visit the
fair. They will see the best and highest
types In. all classes of livestock and the
latest and most progressive ideas of de
velopment pertaining to agricultural in
terests. .......... •,.-;¦- ..,../.
• The poultry exhibit .will be 'on a -large
scale, provision being made for 'more than
125 classes of poultry.
1 ¦
Professor Carlyle, a Noted, Authority
on Livestock, Will Judge ' ; {
; All Classes.
W. L. Carlyle, professor of animal I in
dustry of the University of .Wisconsin,'
and in charge of the United States Live
stock Experiment Station at Madison,
Wis., has been secured by the California
State Agricultural Society to judge all
classy of livestock at the forthcoming
State Fair. ' • ¦ •¦ • ¦ :
Professor Carlyle is an authority on
livestock, enjoying a national reputation.
The most favorable results to "dairymen,
cattle and other livestock breeders .have
resulted from his department. The . sav
ing to' dairymen alone by his; investiga
tions in regard to the proper care, and
handling of milk is estimated at not less
than $800,000 a year in Wisconsin alone.
STATE FAIR DIRECTORS.
. PLAN GREAT \ EXHIBIT
* In the semi-final for the club trophy R.
B. Rorison will play against J. J.
Crooks and R. Gilman Brown against D.
E. Skinner., For the woman's cup Mrs.
F. S. Johnson is matched against Mrs.
J. J. Crooks and Mrs. George Heazelton
against Mrs. A. A. Curtis In the com
petition for the second "eight" cup E.J.
Hooper will play against Douglas Hardy
and : George ¦ Heazelton against F. H.
Beaver. ¦ '>••- -.-. . . - ¦.
' The qualifying rounds for the council s
cup, which is the championship trophy of
the club, were held on Decoration day,
the following eight qualifying in the order
named: R.B. Rorison, R. G. Brown, D.
E. Skinner, R. J.- Davis, J. J. Crooks,
George Starr, Carleton Curtis and L. A.
Wright; In the opening match plav round
R, B. Rorison beat R. J. Davis, J. J.
Crooks beat' Carleton Curtis, R. G. Brown
beat George Starr and D. E. Skinner, beat
L. A. Wright.- .
The following ladies qualified in the or
der named for the women's cup: Mrs. F.
S. Johnson, . Mrs.' George Heazelton, Mrs.
J J ' Crooks, Mrs. L. A. Wright, Mrs. D.
E. Skinner, Mrs. A. A. Curtis, Mrs. E.
J. Hooper and Mrs.- P. H. "Beaver.- In the
opening round at match play Mrs. A: A.
Curtis beat Mrs. B F. H.' Beaver, .Mrs.
George Heazelton beat Mrs. L. A. Wright,
Mra.J.-J. Crooks beat Mrs. E. J. Hooper
and Mrs. F. 8 Johnson beat. Mrs. D. E.
Skinner.: ."'' ' ¦ ..„ ' '
For the second "eight . prize for; men
the . following qualified . in the -order
named : George Heazelton, E. J. Hooper,
W. J." Casey, F. H. Green, C. P. Pomcroy,
Douglas Hardy, George Pinckard and F.
H. Beaver. In ,the opening- match play
round Douglas Hardy beat W. J.; Casey,
E. J. Hooper beat C.- P. Pomeroy, F.~ H.
Beaver beat George Pinckard and George
Heazelton beat F. H. Green. .
Forthe best scores made inthe qualify
ing rounds prizes were ' won . by R. B.
Rorison with a score of 91 and by. Mrs.
F S. Johnson . with . a score x>f 126. The
men's -driving- competition on Decoration
day was won by T.T. Williams. with a
carry of : 175 : yards. Mrs. L. A: Wright
won the women's ;. driving competition
with a' carry . of ninety-three yards. \
-The first prize 1 in; the; Decoration day
handicap - tournament on the Presidio
llnkg was won by S.L Abbot Jr., J. W.'
Byrne," H. ..C.'_Golcher and -W. Leslie
Comyntying for second, prize. .. •
/ titions for the' club trophy, the wo
mens's cup and, the second "eight" prize.
SEMI-FINAL- match play. rounds will
be played to-day on t,he links of the
San Rafael Golf Club in the compe-
T^hree Competitions Remain
in an Unfinished
,¦¦ Condition. k
Thomas - Dolan vs. The United; States
of America— United States District Court
for the district of Alaska, second division.
Judgment | affirmed, Ross- dissenting. .
Fred Kostering vs. The Seattle Brewing
and Malting 'Company — Circuit Court of
San Francisco. Decree affirmed.
The German Savings and Loan Society
vs. Dora May Dormitzer and others—Ap
peal frftm the (United. States Circuit Court
for the district of Washington, eastern di
vision. Judgment of Circuit Court re
versed for want of jurisdiction, with cost3
against plaintiffs in error, and with in
structions to remand to the State court
wherice it came.
We are unable to see any invention in any*'
thing disclosed by the Waldstein' patent, and
must, therefore, affirm the Judgment of the
court below. : The real inventor is undoubtedly
to be encouraged, and the' courts always should
be careful to protect his rights. But it was
never, the intention of the patent law to give a
monopoly to a mere follower of the knowledge
and- ingenuity of others. The judgment is
affirmed. ;¦•¦
Judges Gilbert, Morrow and De Haven
sat on the bench of the United States' Cir
cuit Court' of Appeals yesterday and
handed down 'opinions as follows:
Joseph R. de Lamar vs. The De Lamar
Mining Company, , Limited— Appeal from
the United States Circuit Court for the
district of Idaho. Judgment affirmed. The
suit was brought for the alleged Infringe
ment of - certain letters patent numbered
607,719 and issued July 19, 1898, for an al
leged invention - by one Waldstein for
"certain new ! and useful improvements " in
processes for the recovery of precious
metals from their solutions."
Judge Ross wrote the opinion for the
appeal court. He concludes by saying:
Law as They Have Con
i strued It.
United States Judges Lay Down the
.AfPPEAL COTJRT. HANDS
DOWN SEVERAL. OPINIONS
ANGELS ARE SHUT OTJT.
Francks of Oakland Is Injured and
Retires From the Game.
LOS ANGELES. June 6.— It was the
same old result at Washington Park to
day, with a change only in the details of
attaining it. What the locals did "not do
with Schmidt's pitching would make a
long story, while that which they
achieved is shown at the foot of the ba.;e
hit column. Even. these six ¦ hits were
scattered along through the row of ci
phers like milestones. Jones was hit
often enough to win most games, even
with better support than that given him
to-day. Francks, the crack shortstop in
the Lohman aggregation, tried to stop a
screeching liner from Toman's bat in the
first inning and as a consequence nis right
hand is disabled. He leaped Into the air,
barely reaching the ball with the tips of
his fingers. The ball got away and
Francks suffered a" broken or strained lig
ament of the middle finger that will keep
him on the bench for several days. Dev
ereaux went to short, Dunleavy to third
and Cristall to the right field. It made
no difference, however, as the visitors
played with a vim and snap that are seen
only when Oakland comes to town. Pete
Lohman could not miss the hardest kind
of foul flies. Roach also distinguished^
himself by taking one against the. grand
stand, as well as making a two-base hit.
Toman batted and fielded well, his two
errors being inexpensive. Bill Devereaux
played the game at all stages. He got his
base on balls twice, lined' out a three
tagger, which Slagle should have stopped,
and scored three of Oakland's seven runs.
Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB, R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss 30 2.0 2 S 2
Waddell. r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Raymer. 2b 4 0 0 0 4 3 0
Householder, c. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Reilly. 3b 4 0 2 0 3 2 0
Slagle, 1. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Roach, c 4 0 1 0 8 0 0
Hanlon. "lb.... 3 0 0 0 7 1 1
Jones, p 3 0 10 0 3 1
Totals .....32 0 6 0 27 14 4
OAKLAND.
Walters, c. f 5 0 2 0 10 0
Mohler. 2b 5 1 2 1 1 4 1
Gorton, lb 4 1 0 0 10 0 0
McCreedie, r. f 5 0 1 0 2 0.0
Devereaux, ss 2 3 1 0 0 3 0
Dunleavy. 3b.: 4 2 2 1 2 1 0
Cristall, 1. f 4 0 2 0 40 0
Lohman, c ....3 0 0 1 4 0 0
Schmidt, p 4 0 10 3 0 0
Francks, ss 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 36 .7 11 3 27 8 ~1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles ....00000000 0—0
Base hits 1 1 1 0 0 1 0 11—6
Oakland 0 0 02 0 1 40 0—7
Base WU 0 0 2 31 1 30 1—11
Francks retired in first -inning before a play
was made on account of Injury to hand.
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit — Devereaux. Two-base hits—
Toman, Roach, Mohler. Sacrifice hits — Gorton,
Dunleavy, Devereaux. . First base • on errors, —
Los Angeles 1. Oakland 4. First base on called
balls — Off Jones 3, off Schmidt 2. L»f t on bases
— Los Angeles 0, Oakland 8. Struck out — By
Jones 3. Double plays — Toman to Raymer to
Hanlon, Mohler to Devereaux to Gortor.,
Schmidt to Gorton. Passed balls — Roach. Loh
man. Time of game — 1. hour and 55 minutes.
Umpire — O'Cbnnell. (
Will Decide the Semi-Final
Rounds of Decoration
Day Games. .
GOLFERS MEET
IN MATCH PLAY
AT SAN RAFAEL
CLEVELAND, ¦ June 6.— The Clevelanda
found Winters and Prentiss for twenty-one
hits to-day, winning with ease. Wright kept
the hits well scattered. Attendance, 2398.
Score : • .
R.' 1 H. E.
Cleveland .....14' 21 1
Boston : ..'3': 10 .4.
Batteries — Wright and Wood; Winter*;''Pren
tiss and Warner. ' " •¦'¦'.'
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Philadelphia »... 8 10 .2
St. Louis 5 13.V .3
Batteries — Voorhees and Jacklitsch; Yerkes
and J. O'Neill. Umplres^ — Powers. and Brown.
Boston ».' • i 3 J "J
Cincinnati * . 10 *
Batteries— Melarkey and Klttredge; Thlel
man and Peitz. Umpire— O' Day.
BROOKLYN, June 6.— Chicago \ won from
Brooklyn to-day by bunching hits in the fourth
inning. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Chicago ". -« 7 -2
Brooklyn. • ,3 11 Z
Batteries— St. Vrain and Kling; -Hughes and
Ahearn. Umpire — Emslie.
PHILADELPHIA, June 6.— St. Louis could
not hit Voorhees to any advantage, while
Philadelphia was successful in bunching hits.
Attendance, 1379. Score:
R. H. E.
BOSTON, June 6. — Cincinnati won the open-;
Ing game of the series. Both teams played
listlessly at the bat'and in the field. . Attend
ance, 2000. Score:
R.. xi. H*.
Batteries — Doheny and H. Smith;- Matthew
son. Evans, Yeager and O'Hagen. Umpire—
Cantillon.
of the game. Matthewson gave way to Evans
in the box in the ninth inning. Attendance,
5400. Score: r £ -
Pittsburg '. * 8 4
New York * 10 ' *¦
¦,/. •¦-V-. ¦ ¦ ¦ .-.'• ' ' :',- --.- ' ' ¦•;; •
L, ONDON, June 6.— The summons is
'¦' it sued: at" the instance; of the- Earl qt,
)-t Shrewsbury, •- \ charging V Lawrence
¦ '¦";< "Waterbury of th.e American _ polo
|team with cruelty to animals in using
•Jsharp spurs on his pony during. the inter,
national match at Hurlingham on Satur
day last, was formally, withdrawn to-day '
-Jin. the Police^Court.:; 1^'di.Shrewsbury'*
ewlalned>that^jttera.h«.el jbeen
f exchanged^ and"that r hl»rcHeh£ was . satis-.
« fled the spurs;, had beenf Used under the
"excitement of a great" occasion. r He added
• that he desired to withdraw the sum
•mons, in which the magistrate concurred.
Arnold of the University of California
baseball team stated to-day that he is
niaklng arrangements with Manager Mc-
Closkey to meet the Butte League team
next week in Anaconda, and also with
Manager Dugdale to meet the Seattle
team in Great Falls. He also proposes to
play Missoula and possibly Pocatello
clubs, and will then take the university
team to Yellowstone Park for a week's
outing.
Interest in the second of the polo
matches forthe American cup to-morrow
is far greater than was that in the event
of last week. It has- been raining stead
ily for two days and the ground is likely
to be Hi j>oor condition, even if play is
possible. Both teams are confident to
day. ¦ j I ... : • . . ¦ '
. The Americans play as on last Saturday,
•but;: the English team has. been recon
structed -as .-follows: .
-r Cecil- Nickalls, No. 1; : Frederick Freake,
No. 2; George Miller, No. 3, and "Walter
S. Buckmaster, back.
The English team is undoubtedly
stronger individually than it was In the
former game.
THE Ponies are taking straight tips'
from the champs. They put it on
the forlorn ,bail-tosscrs from the
capital city yesterday for the third
stright time this week. The Senators put
up a good quality of ball for a losing,
bunch, but still it was not quite good
enough to win. The hitting was about
even 'up, but Hulen's bad error arid
Eagan's bad judgment on two occasions
gave Harris' men the game. )
It was another pitchers' battle, with
Glendon and Dowling the chief fighters.
Both twirled in admirable style. The con
test was generallv fast and snappy, in
places, but the genuine enthusiasm and
vim were lacking at all stages. The crowd
felt for Fisher's unfortunates and yelled
for them, but it takes more than shouts
to win ball games, and the Senators were
not there with the genuine article.
A pair of two-cushion swings by Mere
dith and Nordyke made the first Pony
tally. The Senators tied up the result In
the sixth on Lawler's double. Holly's er
ror and Unglaub's-out to second and first
on a hard hit ball, which bounded away
from Reilly into Shugart's mitts.
The Ponies galloped twice more to the
wire before the bell sounded time. Leahy
did the turn each time, once on a pass,
an infield out and a single by Delmas,
and again on a double and Hulen's fum
ble of Delmas' drive in back of second.
Truck Eagan spoiled Sacramento's
chance for a run in the fourth. He ran
from second on Unglaub's pretty single
to right, but got mixed up in some man
ner and neglected to place his ponderous
foot firmly on the home plate and was
called out. In the sixth he failed to field
Delmas' hit past first base, and Leahy
scored with two out.
Lawler picked up a job in lightning
like order. He was released by Harris on
Thursday and was put in the center gar
den by the Senators yesterdav. He did
fine work at the bat, scoring the only run
and hitting out a double and a single out
of three trips to the plate. Shugart
graced the second pillow and played a
gilt-edged game.
Second Baseman McNichols has jumped
his contract and is believed to be on his
way to Salt Lake City, where he played
before he came to this city. Yesteray
was payday for the locals, and McNichois
knew he was soon due for his release, 30
he got into an independent mood and did
the hot foot before Uncle Hank had the
satisfaction of telling him he was a dead
one. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. ft. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. If. 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Xordyke, lb 3 0 2 1 12 3 0
Shugart. 2b 4 0 0 0 1 5 0
I>ahy. c 2 2 1. 0 3 0 0
Holly,, b. s 3 0 0 0 4 3 2
Reilly, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Delmas, cf 4 0 2 1 0 2 1 0
Glendon, p 4 0 1 0 3 4 0
Meredith, rf 2 1 1 0 0 1 0
Totals 29 3 7 1 27 19 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, If 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Hulen, 2b 4 0 0 0 11 1
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 3 1
Eagan. lb 4 0 1 0 13 0 0
Lawler. cf. 3 1 2 0 2 0 0
Unglaub, s. s 4 0 1 0 5 3 0
Hogan, c 4 0 I 0 2 2 0
Wagner, rf. ..» 1 0 0 0 00 0
Dowling-, p 2 0 00 0 3 1
Totals 30 1 1 0 21 12; 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 o 0 1 00 0 — 1
Base hits 1 1 1 2 1 1 0 0 0 — 7
San Francisco 0010010 1 x 3
Base hits 1 0 2 1 0 1 1 1 x— 7
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Meredith, Nordyke Lawler,
Lt-ahi-. Sacrifice hits — Wagner. Holly. Mere
dith. First base on errors — San Francisco 2.
First base on called balls — Off Glendon 3 off
Dowling 3. Left on bases — San Francisco 8,
Sacramento 5. Struck out — By Dowling 2. Hit
by pitcher — Leahy. Double play — Delmas to
Nordyke. Time of game — 1:40. Umpire— Mc-
Donald. _
Second Baseman McNicboIs
. Jumps His Contract With
Harris.
Truck Eagan's Bad Judgment
and Hulen's Error Lose
Game.
PONIES ENJOY
ANOTHER EASY
LITTLE SNAP
t:b;e san r fr a^ncisco calbv Saturday, jtjne i, 1902.
5
»?**»»?»:' » » » <¦ » 1 * * ¦:¦ ¦!¦ * * * »*»*
% *
I The Whiskey |
I That Made !
I The High Ball f
I Famous |
«> 4»
* ¦<;-.'<<(!?
«> ?
% Dtinter j™«*j Fine, %
% Baltimore Hf| Rich %
% Hye ||1 Haror %
?j. Jo, BjgBaSk^ •**
f *
£»******* * * * * * * '1' * * * 'I' » * ¦!¦ * »
' o — .-¦.-¦ ~~~^
Home Ffoduction ih^fteference "
" OUTING OlcWS? k*'S <>/ JtZjI W£}f?KINrMFN $
ASK DEALERS
- O^ -_:-_.-•¦ CJ
¦'•'.'' " ~ ~ ~~~~ ¦ — — - •— - — — —^ ¦ . - - - -General Miles cannot complain of lack of activity.
He has a chronic call for. the plumber whenever the
War Department leaks 'secrets that It ought hot to
• ' . . . * *. -
A enr-lond of Cook Boole*
hns J0.1t arrived from Chicago
«nrt (her «re ready for distri
bution at ,'the baslncu office
of thU paper. AH Call »ub
¦cribem are ratified to a copy
of * tills treat Cook Book at
tlic premium price of ttittr
cent*.
An additional chargre ot SO
cents to pay expresaase nlll
be re«n«lreU from out ot.totrm
¦abicrflieri ordering by mall.
THE HENRIETTE— C. M. T., City. The
French bark Henriette foundered on the
29th of December, 1901. Captain Duris was
not on the vessel at the time of the acci
dent . ' He brought her. to this : coast, but
retired from command shortly i after he
brought her here. She. was in command
of.Captaln Vaughn. The officers andthe
men were; all taken ashore in safety.-
The British Parliament and the French Assembly
by their proceedings on Thursday seem to have
adopted the Tillman-McLaurin system of Parlia
mentary practice. . "
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
LIEU LAND— A. S.. Hoaglan. Or. -An
act of Congress passed June 22, 1874, has
the following words: "In the adjustment
of all railroad land grants, whether made
directly to any railroad company or to
any State for railroad purposes, if any of
the land granted be found In
the possession of an actual settler
whose entry or filing has been
allowed *i under /the pre-emption or
homestead laws of "the United States
subsequent to the time at which, by the
decision of the land ¦office, the right of
said, road was declared to have attached
to such lands, the grantees upon a proper
relinquishment "of the lands so entered or
filed for. shall ,be entitled to select an
equal quantity, of other land in lieu there
of from any, of the public lands not min
eral, within the limits of the grant no;
otherwise appropriated- at the time of
selection." "' ¦ •*.'
S. E. A/. Bay Farm Isl
and,. Cal. ; There is no record of "who
was the first man to cultivate asparagU3
In; the State of California,!' The writer
recollects of such vegetable being raised
in t Jf an Francisco in -a French \garden | at
the" corner of Harrison and Third streets
In 1853. 1, . . .
LAND IN ALASKA— J. D. S., Jr., Nay
bert, Cal. The Commissioner of the Gen
eral Land Office expressly forbids the fo
cal officers to furnish blank entry pape-s
to anybody except claimants- in person
For further information in relation to the
taking up of lands in Alaska address a
communication to the United States Land
Office at either Sltka, Rampart City or
St. Michael, or the General Land Office
at Washington, D. C.
.THE PRESJDIO— Subscriber, City. In
the" early: '50's of San Francisco the Pre
stdio>, was reached by a; road running
along' Kearny street to Pacific, out that
street to a point near the present line of
Franklin : street, then north along that
line to the present line of Lombard street,
and out that street to the Presidio gate.
A. DEBT— P. S., City. The fact' that a
man -who has incurred a debtin one State
"removes, to 1 another State does not. oblit
erate the debt. If in the State into which
he moved he becomes possessed of prop
erty, 7 the parties in the State in w-hich the
debt.,was created will find means to col
lect the amount of the indebtedness.
BOHEMIAN-Subscriber, City. "Bohe
mians" was formerly used to designate
some followers of John Huss in Bohemia
In the fifteenth century. Subsequently it
was applied to gyps'es, impostors and lil
erary men and artists of irregular hab
its who had lost caste. In this country
it is applied .especially to artists and lit
erary people who lead an unconventional
or somewhat irregular life.
j TENANT— Subscriber, City. . If a person
rents apartments from month "to month
and moves in on the first day j of the
month, in the absence of any agreement
he is indebted to the landlord for one
month's rent if he is In the premises on
the first day of the month following the
one for which' he paid rent.
VARIOUS COINS— Subscriber, City. No
premium is offered by coin collectors for
five dollar pieces of 1836 and 1S44 and ten
dollar pieces of 1847. No premium ia offer
ed for dimes of 1824, 1835 and 1S37, nor for
half dimes of 1853, 1S58, 1860, 1863, 1S68 I860
and 1871.' Columbiajb half dollars of 18&>
cemmartd a premfum of 10 to 15 cents"
There is no premium on Columbia halves
of 1893.
DRUG STORE— S. M., Valle jo, Cal. If
' S. . M« will : send'. a 'self-addressed and
f stamped envelope the department, of An
, swers to Correspondents will send him
'.the .desired address of a certain drug
s«tore. This department does not adver
' Use any business house.
TITLE— H. 3., Wheatland, Cal. An ab
stract of title that is furnished by "a
prominent building and loan- association
to a piece of property on which it had
foreclosed a mortgage," is generally con
sidered sufficient, but an extra cautious
buyer would have the title searched on
his own \ account. Th« expenditure of a
few dollars will give him peace of mind.
NOTICE— G. H. B., City. The general
rule is that a landlord gives a tenant a
month's'nbtice'of intention to raise rent.
A month-to-month tenancy may be termi
nated at any time by either, party. A no
tice tp quit may be fifteen to thirty days.
I NAVAL STATION— C. E. E., Turlock,
Cal. The naval stations north of San
Francisco are located at Mare Island and
at Puget Sound. The former is designated
in the 1 navy blue book as a naval station
and the later as a navy yard. . .
CONGRESSMAN GOLDFOGLE is making
¦ strenuous efforts to force an issue with Rus
sia upon the manner in which American Jews
are treated by that Government. He has not only
raised the question in -Congress, but is taking an ac
tive part in an agitation on the subject now going on
in the Eastern States. He has already accomplished
a good deal, for hei has compelled the public to give'
attention to the wrong, and in that way has gone
far toward arousing a public sentiment that will in
turn compel the Government to act.
It appears that Goldfogle and his assistants in the
agitation have special grievances to complain of.- A
distinguished American has been denied admissioii to
Russia because he is i< Jew, and an American Jewess
has .been excluded notwithstanding the 'fact that she
desired 'to visit the country solely to see her father,
who was then lying on his deathbed. It is not as
serted by the Russian Government that either of' the
two applicants is an anarchist, a criminal or other
wise personally objectionable.' They are deprived of
.the privilege of Visiting Russia or traveling through
Russia solely because they are Jews.
The issue raises a question as to whether the Rus
sian Government can make a distinction .'among
American citizens by reason of race or a-eed. If a
foreign Government by treaty, agrees to confer cer
tain privileges upon "American citizens," can that
Government thereafter deny them to any American
by reason of his religion or his descent without vio
lating the treaty? That is the issue Congressman
Goldfogle is pressing upon the country. I
In a treaty between the United States and Russia
made in 1832 it is declared: "There shall be between
the territories of the high contracting parties a re
ciprocal liberty of commerce and navigation. The
inhabitants of their respective states, shall mutually
have liberty to enter the ports, places and rivers of
the territories of each party wherever foreign com
merce is permitted. .They shall be at liberty to so
journ and reside in all. parts whatsoever'ai* said terri
tories, in order to attend to their, affairs."
We on our part have faithfully kept the treaty. We
have denied no Russian access to the country unless
known to be a criminal, a pauper or the sufferer from
some infectious or contagious .disease. , All Russian
citizens or subjects, irrespective of race or creed, are
permitted to enter our ports. By what right,, then,
does Russia exclude a certain class of American citi
zens? ' .' ; --"C??\' ¦ " ' '¦'.
It is.gratifying to find that a considerable and in
fluential support has been given to Mr. r - Goldfogle in
his fight. We^have no right nor do: we desire to
force upon Russia any class of persons against whom
MARRIAGE-A. C. K., Haywards, Cal.
If you went out to sea and married a di
vorced man who obtained his divorce in
this State, before a year had elapsed,
there is some doubt about your legal
standing as a wife. If you desire to set
yourself right you will have to secure the
services of a lawyer to have the so-called
marriage declared null and void.
QUR Eastern friends have not yet become ab- :
solute vegetarians, but it looks as if they 1
were being driven in that direction by forces
sufficiently powerful to land them there before long.-
These forces are various ; and not all of : them are.
operating in the same locality, but they mutually|
strengthen one another and-make a mighty turmoil
for meat-eaters. .
•¦'In the first place there is the beef trust,' whose
operations' have disturbed a good many people. Next'
is the rise in the price of beef, which/whether caused
by the trust or not, has forced a considerable num
bfc'r of people to." prefer to dine without; eating flesh.
Then in Chicago there is a strike' amohg the team
sters who have been doing the hauling-' for the stock
yards and the packers, and there is danger that no
mpat will be hauled for the. hungry eve~n if they have
tlie price and are willing to paj' it., ]'
v Ttlis in the tenement districts of the larger cities On
•the Atlantic seaboard that the trouble is most per
plexing. '¦ A. powerful element of the tenement" popu
lation has declared war against the "meat trust," as'i
it is calle'd, and has undertaken to suppress the sale
of fresh meat by the butchers.
; Eastern papers afe full of accounts of riots along
tlie-whole line from. Massachusetts to New Jersey.
Recently in' the Williamsburg district of New York
806 men and women marched through the streets for
the purpose of attacking the shops/of butchers who
lefused to stop selling meat. Similar riots have oc
curred in Boston, Brooklyn 1 and Newark. The lead
ers of the ; riots are ' Hebrews, . but? men and woni<en
o'f other races join them when the rioting gets
lively. "."/., ¦¦'¦ ~i'-''', ' ':¦ v
Some of the effects of the lack of meat are unex
pected. A prisoner before a Newark • police court
on a charge of beating his wife sought' to justify.the
offense 'by saying he was rendered savage \ by , want
of'a good steak or. a juicy chop. 7; The wife seems to
have agreed with the husband, for she is reported to
haVe told the court that all went well until it became
impossible for them to.have'meat on.the table regu
iaj-ly, and they had to become vegetarians. • This
didn't; suit her husband, and she affirmed that he be
gan to complain of other things around the house of
which he had not before found fault, and that, finally,
last; week, he beat her. She said she was injured so
badly she had to take to her bed.
How' many other domestic troubles as well as riots
have been caused by the : unaccustomed eating of
vegetables it would be impossible to say. Enough
is. known,, however, to make;, it. certain "that ... vege
tarianism; seems' to generate a kind- of Pdee^disturb
ance in trie East, and there -¦ is ;< no telling What dan
gerous; : eruptions ,^lrnay;. occur . unless v relief b . be
promptly found. : ;. ' ¦ '¦• — }j£-&%
RACE AND CITIZENSHIP.
EXECUTION— Subscriber, City. The
first legal execution in San Francisco was
on the 10th of December, 1852, when Jose
Forni, a Spaniard, was hanged on Rus
sian Hill in public for the murder of Jose
Rodriguez.va Mexican. .
THE VEGETARIAN EAST.
We may expect Mr. Bryan to begin commenting
on the forgettery department of the Indiana Democ
racj\ ,.
RUSSIAN HILL— Subscriber, City. In
the early '50's in San Francisco the name
Russian Hill was applied to that western
eminence .between Green and Union
streets, and not to that between Wash
ington and Clay.
CUSTOM-HOUSE— A. B. C, City. For
a position in the Custom-house or the In
ternal Revenue office in San Francisco the
applicant must take a civil service exam
ination. Apply at either office for the ex
amination blanks.
FIFTY-DOLLAR SLUG— A. S., City:
Fifty-dollar slugs of 1851-1852, octagonal,
command a premium of. from $5- to $13
Round slugs of 1852-55 command a pre
mium of;f rom $10 to $30, according to state
of preservation.
SEPARATE PROPERTY— G., East Oak
land,' Cal. If a man had $10,000 prior to
marriage, and after marriage invested it,
that does not make the money of the re
sult of the Investment (community"prop
erty, i
Californians in New York.
NEW TORK, June 6.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: San Francis
co—S. S. Curtis, at the St. Denis; A. V>\
Huggins, at the Holland; W. R. Lan
dram, at the Marlborough; C C. Morse,
at the Hoffman: Dr. Stone,, at the Man
hattan; M. Chumplln and C. \F. Magur,
at the Bartholdl; G. Flann, at the Herald
Square; K. M. Haynes and G. Martin and
wife, at the Astor; C. Hirschfeld and
wife, at the Savoy; S. Levy, at the Grand
Union; D. Marx and J. L. Rosenthal, at
the Imperial; H. M. McGreer, at the Met
ropolitan; H. A. Robins, at the Vendome.
Sacramento— M. Diepenbrook, at the Ca
dillac.
1 San Jose— Miss Bowman, at the Man
hattan. I
Santa Barbara— T. P. Izardjat the Na
varre.
company to the fact and request an ex
plicit answer whether or not the land will
be relinquished. At the same time it
would be well for the party interested to
seek for himself the relief indicated by
direct application to the railroad authori
ties and thereby aid in securing 1 a speedy
and satisfactory adjustment.
ST LOUIS EXPOSITION— F. (5. G.,
Del' Monte, Cal. For a position at the St.
Louis Exposition/send application to the
secretary at that place and it will be de
livered to the proper parties.
DIMES— L. M., Angels Camp, Cal. There
is no premium offered for dimes coined
between the years 1890-1899 except for the
twenty-four coined in the San Francisco
Mint in 1834.
x->ENSUS BULLETIN No. 166, dealing with
I American ship-building, shows that the
growth of the industry during the past ten
years exceeds that of any preceding decade. The
growth, however, has been wholly in the construc
tion of vessels for domestic trade. Comparatively
few ships for use in foreign commerce are now con
structed in our shipyards, and the* fact is one that
commands the attention of the country.
The bulletin says: '"In 1826 American vessels car
ried 92.5 per cent of the foreign commerce of the
United States, the value of . which was $150,331,636,
while in 1900 they carried 9.3, the value of which was
$195,083,155, an increase in value of only 29.5 per
cent in seventy-four years. In 1826 foreign vessels
carried 7.5 per cent of our foreign commerce, valued
at $12,238,163, while in 1900 they carried 90.7 per cent,
valued at $1,894,445,461, an increase of 15,379.8 per
cent during the seventy-four years." " •
Alexander R. Smith, expert special agent of the
Census Bureau, estimates that fully 5,000,000 tons of
shipping are now required for the carriage of our
entire foreign commerce. He says: "Toward sup
plying that need home shipyards, as we have seen,
contributed only 29,069 tons during the census year of
1900, and only 206,771 tons during the entire ten
.years ending with 1900. At the rate of construction
in 1900 172 years would elapse before enough ton
nage would be built for the present needs of our for
eign trade. The average life of a ship is commonly
computed at ten years, taking into account los>es, ac
cidents and deterioration. But allowing twenty
years as the average life of a modern steel steamship,
at the present rate of construction for foreign trade,
over eight years would elapse before enough ships
would be constructed to provide for the average
losses of one j'ear."
We have here a showing of an industry expanding
rapidly in the construction of vessels for the home
trade and almost stagnant with respect to the con
struction oi vessels for the foreign trade,'notwith
standing the large need of ships for that trade and
the facts that we have cheaper iron and coal and bet
ter machinery and labor than our rivals.
In explanation of the paradox the bulletin says ihe
very infrequency and uncertainty of orders upon
American shipyards lor the construction of ships for
the ocean going trade "largely account for the fact
that the cost of construction per ton is higher in
the United States than in other countries, notablv
Great Britain, which probably builds four-fifths of the
world's ocean-going tonnage, although less than
three-fifths of it is under the flag of that nation.
This anomalous condition of American shipyards, in
respect of equipment for and output of ocean-going
shipping, has attracted widespread attention and pro
voked world- .vide comment. Precisely what should
be done to increase United States shipping in foreign
trade is the much discussed and still unsolved Ameri
can maritime problem."
Mr. Smith is right in referring to the matter as
"an unsolved American maritime problem," and yet
it is strange that it should be so. It is a serious re
flection upon Congress that the solution has not
been provided long ago. At the present time a mer
chant marine bill awaits the action of the House,
which, if enacted, would promptly set our shipyards
to work in the construction of a merchant fleet that
would free us from the burden of paying tribute to
foreigners upon pur ocean commerce and put an end
to the paradox.
AMERICAN SHIP-BUILDING.
¦ HEIGHT OF MAN— E. M. J., City.
Some individual who had a great deal of
time, and a faculty .for calculating once
declared that the average height of man
was five feet eight.
THE BALTIMORE— J. H. R., City. The
Baltimore was a- part of Dewey's fleet
during the action in Manila Bay May 1,
1898. ' .'.
FIVE DOLLAR PIECES— G. C Ala
meda, Cal. A five dollar piece of 1847 from
a numismatic standpoint is worth just
five dollars." ¦
C. B. Greenwell of Santa Barbara Is at
the Grand.
D. C. Clark, Mayor of Santa Cruz, is at
the Grand.
George G. Locke of Sacramento Is at
the. Grand.
E. A. Meserve, an attorney of Los An
geles, is at the Grand.
Ex-Lieutenant Governor W. T. Jeter of
Santa Cruz is at the Palace.
M. M. Gragg, a warehouse man of
Monterey, is at the Occidental.
T. H. Wallace, a well known politician
of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
Dr. J. D. Young of ' Stockton is at the
Lick,- accompanied by his family.
Ben I. Salomon left last evening for a
three weeks' visit to Cleveland, Ohio.
John T. Gaffey, a well known Demo
cratic politician of Los Angeles, i3 at the
Palace.
W. B. Jansen, assistant to the president
of the Santa Fe, is here from Chicago.
He is - accompanied by his wife, and Js
stopping at the Palace.
C. D. Dunann, general passenger agent
of the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
leaves to-day for Seattle, where he will
superintend the first summer excursion of
the company to Alaska.
DOCTOR'S BILL— G. H. B., City. A
doctor's bill is a debt, collectable the
same as any other debt.
PESTH— B. D., Napa, Cal. The most
populous and largest commercial city in
Hungary is Pesi.. not Pest.
PERSONAL MENTION.
SATURDAY : JUNE 7, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, FropM;tor.
•i-itTcts All Ccnmniikstimj (o W. 8. LEAKS, M&ntg=r.
"~
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You TX :3h.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third. S. F.
EOITOIIIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, ly Cent* Per "Week. .-. . -
Stnsrle Copies. 5 Cent*. ; ,. . : •'•,:-
Term* by Mall. Including: Postagei
DATLT CALL (including Sunday), one year... $6.00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL Clncludlns Sunday). 3 months J.Rrt
DAILY CALL — Ey Single Month 6.V
EUNDAT CALL. One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters nre nnthortxed to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
tla.il rubscribers Jn ordering char re of addre*i> should be ¦
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order !
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O AKLAXD OFFICE HIS Broadway
c. GEonr.R KnocxEss.
Xcctger Foreign Advertising, Marguette Building, Chieag)
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2G19.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARI/TO5J Herald Sqnare
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: *
STEPHEN B. SMITH. ..... ;.hO Tribune Building; '
: NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: - •
Waldorf -AMorla. Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
. Ifnrray Hill Hotel. : .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bhermaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
fc'rwnont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D. C> OFFICE 14Ott G St.. N. W.
MORTOX E. CBASE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 327 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «3"J .
', McAllister, cpen until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Lark'.n, open ur.tU
8:30 o'clock, 19*1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22GI
Market, comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 8 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
"Yes, sir," responded the man lnslda the
box office, genially. "Those prices ax»
more popular with the stockholders of this
theater than any we've ever had. 'If you
don't want any seats perhaps you'll Be
good enough to pass on and make room
for those gentlemen befflnd you."— Chicago
Tribune. '
"You advertise 'popular prices,' ** grum
bled the man in front of the box offlca,
"and now you ask me $1 50 and J3 for a
seat!" ¦¦;• V,'; ' • .'•
"Evelyn," her prudent mamma said, **I
met young Mr. Scales in the hall Ju«t
now on his way out looking angry and
mortified. You haven't refused, have you,
you foolish child.'' , _?.r
"I don't think he'll come nera any
more," evasively replied Miss Evelyn.
"You're Just like your father," sighed
.the matron. "When he comes In here to
smoke after dinner he's almost sure to do
some mischief throwing his matches
away."— Chicago Tribune.
"What are you angry about?" asked
the mother of her boy, who had Just re
turned home from the Christmas enter
tainment. "Because I went to Sunday
school every Sunday this year and gave
a cent every time, and Willie Brown, hs
didn't go half as much as I did and
never put in a cent, but he got Just as
big a box of candy as I did."— Brooklyn
Life.
"Come quick! The doxology's leaking!"
This provoked laughter, and he could
not understand why we should laugh at
such a serious thing as water dripping
upon the carpet.— Little Chronicle (Chi
cago).
Mamma had watered the p!ant3.p.rd let*.
the room. An oxalia had received -* too
much water and began to drip. Soon my
brother in kilts came running to mamma,
calling:
"I shall have to ask the indulgence of
the audience a few minutes while Mme.
Primdon recovers the use of her vocal
chords, which were severely strained just
now by yawning over some veraes that
were sent to her by an admirer."—Wash
ington Star.
The manager came before the curtain
with his I-deeply-regret-to-state face on,
and said to the waiting throng:
"This is a case," he said, looking at him
self in the glass and sorrowfully survey
ing the wide expanse of bald crown, "In
which the 'part' appears to be greater
than the whole."— Washington Star.
'. The time came at last when Sir. Oldboy
could no longer make a pretense of cover-
Ing the top of his head by combing a wisp
of hair up over it from one side.
Applicant— The trouble waa, ma'am,
that I was took sick, and Ol couldn't get
away anny. sooner. — Philadelphia Press.
Her Point of View.— Mrs. Hiram Often—
How long were you In your last place?
Applicant — Oi was there Just a month,
ma'am.
Mrs. Hiram Often— A month? What was
the trouble?
"Do you think you can support me la
the manner to which I have been accus
tomed?" asked the Count languidly.—Bos
ton Post.
"I have the honor to offer you tna hand
of my daughter." said the American mil
lionaire to the foreign Count.
Cal. glac fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'j.*
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
Reduction, genuine eyeglasses, specs, 19
to 40c. Note 81 4th, front barber, groceft*
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 639 Market
street, Palace Hotel building. •
- Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
l-rtss Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Senator Gallinger of New Hampshire
wa3 a practicing physician for years be
fore his election to the Senate. In emer
gencies he has frequently been called oa
to treat patients at the Capitol
The Northern Pacific Railway is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From LewUtoa
and Stltcs. Idaho, there are jrood road*
to e'ther Warrens cr Dixie, from which points
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELER,
G. A., 647 Market St.. S. F. •
P? Going to Thunder Mountain P?
Loss of fcalr. which often mars the prettlett
face, prevented by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15cts.
power and the brakes.
Both operators were concealed from the
view of spectators by a black leather
shield. A two-Inch opening, covered with
mica, was the only provision made for the
steersman to see the course he had to
negotiate.
Mr. Baker said after the accident that
the roughness of the road caused the ma
chine to leap through the air like a flying
machine, thus getting beyond his < con
trol. Twenty thousand spectators saw
the accident and marveled that the terri
ble engine of destruction did not crush
out, more lives. A writer describing tho
accident says:
"Washington street reached, the 'green
devil,' palpitating, its batteries pounding,
began to edge to the right of the road.
Suddenly It swept well to the right, then,
recovering, dashed in a broad half moon
curve to the left and then to the center
of the road again. Those who stood at
T T EREWITH Is shown the uncanny
I— I freak racing automobile whose op-
I, I eratpr lost control of it last Satur
rr da'y,.~on • the Southfield boulevard.
, near.*: Grant"; City, ; Staten Island.
Before the machine finally came to a
standstill it had killed one man and in
jured scores of others.
The accident occurred during speed test
trials of the Automobile Club of America.
Just before the^ accident the speed in
dicator in the machine showed forty-seven
seconds for the mile, or the appalling
rate of seventy-six miles per hour.
,.The , machine was. operated by "W. C.
Baker, its builder, and an assistant,
neither of whom sustained any injuries.
They entered the machine through a trap
door and seated themselves one behind
the other, tandem fashion, over / a net
work of wires and batteries and Baker did
the steering while his assistant watched
the speed indicator and controlled the
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
the Red Cross tent instinctively shrunk"
and retreated. Thev • had scarce formed
their intent to step back when the ma
chine bounded over the covered rails or
the car line. £
"Then every one knew the car had gone
¦wild. Without warning It leaped to th©
right, where five hundred men, women
and children leaned against the ropes,
standing in front of a double line of
costly automobiles. But, instead of
plunging into that mass and probably kill
ing outright a score, the machine turned,
cutting a mark in the road like the head,
of an interrogation point. Traveling at
a rate of one hundred feet to a second. It
broke through the "ranks of unwarned
spectators on the other side. Stumps
ripped off the rear right hand and tha
front left hand wheels, and made them
into kindling wood. Deprived of wheels,
the dread machine rested, facing the rout©
it had traveled."
WHILE the great nations are busily engaged
in constructing warships upon models
which have been found^most effective with
the existing forms of armor and, weapons, reports
Come from Europe of two inventions which ' are
likely to. compel an entirely nevy naval ..-armament
throughout the world." One of >tjjfese '¦ r*elates"~to' the
construction of steel armor and .the other to the con
struction of heavy guns. If \l>ot||>df them-vproye as
effective as is expected fronv the'>|eists made of them,
the nation possessing them is go|*g to have a .great
advantage in war over any" power| that does riot pos
sess them. . . . ,'**¦-: '¦' '"/ :Hr ... ¦;
The first is described in the report, of United States
Consul Ozmun at Stuttgart,". who$in noting. the im
provements made in the Krupp . gun industry,' says:
"The latest is tile discovery by a (jiefman chemist by
the name of Giebler of a : process1ofi hardening steel
which makes it, so it is said, 14 per. cent stronger, 50
per cent lighter and one-third . less costly ithan the
Krupp, Harvey; or Boehler steeh'% |le goes on. to
say: '"The inventor will not ; self the. secret of the
process to any foreign manufacturer,* -"but will "retain
it for the benefit of Germany. :Ii true this Hvill give
this country an enormous advanfage m^navaj matters,
for with lighter hull, lighter\ machineiy" ank lighter
guns a very much higher rate' of speed canl be pro
duced for a given consumption. of fuel7i which means
an enlarged steaming distance.'!^ t; "X'4 .•'/'' V
The second invention was briefly described in the;
dispatches a few days ago giving an account *bf tests
made with a new gun invented • by Professor ,K.
Birkeland, a Norwegian scientist. It was stated at
the time that the tests were so successful that a firm'
of artillery manufacturers had offered to buy the in
vention for immediate exploitation. The. first an
nouncement of the invention came to this country in
a report from the, United States Consul . at Chris
tiania, but no further information than the
statement: "Professor Birkeland (who two years
ago was sent by the Government to Northern Nor- r
way to study magnetism, the aurora borealis and
cfoud formations) is engaged in the construction of a
cannon with electro-magnetism as the motive power
in place of explosives. A small model of the,.inven
tion throws projectiles weighing a pound with great
force:" ' r.'-—/ -" . . ;. v .
A later report, pf the invention says: , "Theoreti
cally, Professor Birkelahd's gun can throw a. pro
jectile weighing twb tons a. .distance of ninety. miles,
or even farther, by sufficiently prolonging the. tube.
The principle', upon which the gun acts has not been
made public, but : it is -known that the projectile is
expelled from an. ordinary cast-iron tube thickly
wrapped with copper wire." This tube, can of course
be made more cheaply .than the cannon now in use.
No explosive gases result from the discharge of the
new gun. Professor 'Birkeland's invention has : cre
ated intense interest among technical observers,
some of whom are of the opinion that the new gun
signifies a greater revolution * in fighting material
than that brought about by the discovery of gun
powder."
The two inventions counterbalance one another..
The one increases the protective strength of steel "Vr
mor, while the other augments the force' of the
projectiles which. the armor will have to resist. It ap
pears then that new arms and new armorare about to
be forced upon the nations. The report that the irn
proyed method of constructing armor is to be keptia
secret by Germany may not disturb anybody. Each
of the great nations has had some valuable secret of
the kind which it has tried to. preserve for itself, but
in every instance a really valuable improvement itj
the arms of one country has been soon acquired by
others. If the Giebler steel be so light, tough and
cheap as is reported, it will not be long before the
American steel trust will be making just as good a
quality of it as is manufactured by Krupp. , j,
TWO NEW INVENTIONS.
THE. rebellion in China is becoming formidable
and excites uneasiness in the legations at Pe
king. It is difficult to deal with the Chinese
question patiently, when it is approached from the
standpoint of natural justice. Beginning with the
forgery interpolated into the French treaty of i860,
every step in the history of that unfortunate coun
try is marked with injustice, for' which the western
nations are responsible.
The French. missionary who forged the clause of
the treat}' which permitted missionaries of his coun
try to penetrate the middle kingdom and buy or
lease lots for missionary, purposes was perhaps the
most awful criminal the world has produced, for' his
act has caused more suffering, murder, bloodshed and
injustice than can be traced to one' person in any
other transaction. The United; States, Russia, Eng
land and Germany immediately became partners in
his crime, and it is amazing that Christian mission-,
aries from this country have penetrated China and
claimed rights under that forgery, knowing it to be
a forgery. That crime caused the Boxer outbreak,
and the destruction of mission property, built by no
other authority than forgery. The lives of mission
aries were taken, solely because they were claiming
rights that did not' belong to them, but were depen
dent on forgery only.
Then the nations to which those missionaries be
longed fell upon China and there followed the most
awful and inhuman scenes. Murder, robbery, arson
and crimes unspeakable were committed by the
Christian armies, present in China to enforce the
rights of Christian missionaries, based upon a for
gery by one of their number. The theft and destruc
tion of property by the Christian armies ran into
the hundreds of millions, and, at the end of the- riot
of murder and theft, the same Christian nations com
pelled China to pay the most enormous ransom ever
exacted from a helpless victim by a set of unscrupu
lous robbers. : .
The wealth of China had been stolen or destroyed
by these nations. All North China had been laid
waste. The fields were ruined, crops destroyed,
towns burned and industries suspended. Yet the
authors of all this misery and destruction compelled
the Chinese Government to pay a ransom which
made it necessary for that -Government to imme
diately begin squeezing taxes from her famine
stricken people. As a result mothers have sold their
children and children have starved to death in order
that the Christian nations might get their pound of
flesh out of China. That Government has no choice.
It must pay for being robbed or submit to another
invasion, -and to more murder and famine. But the
people, finding the burden : intolerable, have risen
again and are fighting in revolt against the cruel
taxation put upon them by Christendom as a punish
ment for resenting a forgery.
The fate of the missionary forger is unknown, but
any suffering tha-t may have come to him would not
expiate the misery he has caused.
The fact of his crime is known to every nation
concerned. They all know that it caused the Boxer
revolution. They all know that in its essence that
revolution was just what would have happened in any
nation of Christendom under the same provocation,
and yet not one of them has offered to purge the
French treaty of the forgery and agree to forsake all
rights that have been founded on that crime. Our
own Government has made the most creditable rec
ord of any. We are' not in a consistent position be
cause we. permit our missionaries to enter China pro
tected by what we know to be a forgery, while we ex
clude Chinese and fail to protect against outrage
those who are here by authority of a treaty openly
made. Otherwise our Government has the excellent
record of relinquishing part of the indemnity awarded
to us, and our troops have the credit of abstaining
from the grosser outrages which marked the march
of the Christian armies. The new trouble in China,
having for its cause the- oppression of a people to pay
the unjust exactions of Christendom, should make
every Christian blush for shame and hasten to dis
avow his share of the responsibility.
MORE CHINESE TROUBLE.
a valid' objection can^be urged, -but we Have a right
to insist that all American citizens; shall be treated
equally and that none shall t>& -debarred of the enjoy
ment of privileges which by special treaty have been
conferred upon all. -
UNCANNY "AUTO" SPREADS DEATH
AMONG SPECTATORS AT TIME TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^L, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.
r i It is more than suspected that Seattle has designs
err. our navy-yard, and that the Senator from Maine
is a sort of Hale fellow 'well met on Puget Sound.
;: RAILROAD AND SETTLER-i-A. S.,
Hoaglan, Or. "Where the superior right of
a railroad; company la ascertained and it
is. found that the claim of a settler is such
;that»lt -would be admitted were the rail
road ...--claim ¦ extinguished; the ~ General
Land'^Office .will, in all -practicable cases
direct the attention of the officer* of the
6
Call subscriber* contemplating a change of
residence during: the Mimmcr month* can hare
their paper forwarded by- mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business OJIice.
This paper trill also be on sale at all- snmmer
resorts and la represented by a local ag«nt -In
all tOTrns on the coast. ' .
TO SUBSCRIBERS LLAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.The quarterly meeting of the members
of the Mechanics' Institute will be held
to-night at the' Mechanics' Institute li
brary building.
Mechanics' Institute Meeting.
The Post-street Improvement Club has
completed arrangements for the illumina
tion of Post street from Montgomery to
Powell by sixteen electric arc lights. The
current will be turned on for the first
time to-night and the occasion will be
fittingly celebrated.
Illumination of Post Street.
After reading a statement in yesterday
morning's Issue of The Call to the effect
that the bodies of Bernice Caldwell and
Jennie Jensen, her mother, would be
burled in the potter's field should no one
claim them, the Golden Gate undertaking
establishment notified Deputy Coroner
McCormtck that they would provide in
terment. The announcement came a little
late, however, for Mrs. H. S. Fulton of 319
Cortland avenue and Mrs. E. Heln of
907V» Mission street took charge of the re
mains of mother and daughter. Mrs. Ful
ton had been taking care of Bernice and
Mrs. Heln was the landlady of Mrs. Jen
sen.
Remains of Bernice Caldwell
' and Mrs. Jensen.
Kind-Hearted Ladies Take Charge of
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER
TO BE BTTRIED BY FRIENDS
The company has acquired the plant of
the Rouleau, Simpson & Millar Title Com
pany, which has been in existence here
for more than fifty years, thereby becom
ing possessed of maps, records and docu
ments acquired after years of research.
The new company will move into quarters
en the first floor of the Mills building on
July 1.
The Title Insurance and Guaranty Com
pany was incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of $500,000. The directors are
C. S. Wheeler, J. K. Moffitt, O. A. Rou
leau, Gaillard Stoney, A. J. Treat, F. G.
Sharratt and J. V. de Roco.
the Firm of Rouleau, Simpson
& Millar.
Will Acquire the Paraphernalia of
NEfW TITLE INSUBANCE
COMPANY INCOBPOHATES
Judge Kerrigan granted Mary Bowen a
I divorce yesterday from John M. Bowen
for desertion, and Susan M. Hostetter a
•divorce from August M. Hostetter for
cruelty.
The suit for the annulment of the mar
riage of Anna Cohen to Haskell Cohen
was submitted in Judge Kerrigan's court
yesterday. Mrs. Cohen wants her mar
riage annulled because her husband Is
also her uncle. They were married at
Leavenworth, Kans., in 1895.
J. E. Francoeur was granted a divorce
from George H. Francoeur by Judge Heb
bard yesterday on the ground of failure
to provide.
Sarah Delphlne Bradley, who was mar
ried at Oakland two years ago to Alfred
Robinson Bradley, Is suing for divorce on
the ground of desertion. She alleges that
Bradley abandoned her three months aft
er their marriage. She asks permission
to resume her maiden name, Black.
Mrs. Hays will go to New York with
her children, both of whom are boys, and
reside with her parents. The marriage of
the Hays took place in 1S88.
Grace I. Kincaid was granted a divorce
from Edwin I. Kincaid, a railroad station
agent, yesterday by Judge Graham. The
decree was granted on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. Mrs. Kincaid testified that
her husband had a fondness for flourish
ing a revolver in her presence and curs
ing and abusing her. Mrs. Kincaid is the
sister of former Supervisor I>r. B. I*
Perrault.
It appeared from the testimony that
Hays possesses an ungovernable temper
and frequently vented his rage on hia
wife. On one occasion, she testified yes
terday, Hays flew into a violent rage and
gave her an unmerciful beating, blacking
and closing her eyes and bruising her
about the body. She was confined to her
bed for a week. She further testified that
her husband had lost his affection for her,
and that she did not care to live with him.
any longer. Hays did not appear in
court. •
Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Hays, the parents
of Will C. Hays, a prosperous Western
Addition merchant, were, the principal
witnesses yesterday at the trial of. the
divorce suit brought by Carrie A. Hays
against their son. They corroborated the
story of cruelty told by their daughter
in-law, and Judge Troutt granted her a
decree of divorce, awarded her the cus
tody of the two children and ordered
Hays to pay $100 a month allmonjf.
Judge Troutt Grants Divorce
and Monthly Alimony to
Plaintiff
His Parents Corroborate
the' Wife's Story of
Cruelty.
HAYS POSSESSES
VIOLENT TEMPER
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, held yesterday. Secretary
"White's report showed that during the
last month 142 children have been re
lieved, thirteen placed in Institutions and
two In private families. Theodore F.
Payne was elected to life membership in
the society.
Children's Society Meets.
The casket was then taken to the Wal
ter mausoleum, where prayers were said.
The steps of the vault were strewn with
floral pieces and presented an imposing
spectacle. The remains will lie there un
til the Sloss mausoleum has been erected.
As he shall rest in his grave we shall re
turn to our homes with our hearts filled with
the noble sentiments his career has inspired
within us. God hag given. God has taken
away. Blessed be the name of the Lord.
It is good to know that every page of this
man's life was clean and unspotted, and the
only lines that need to be added thereto are
those which show that his life was gentle,
that all must say he was a man. There are
few men who dare to carry their convictions
beyond the ordinary lines of mere duty, but
reaching out was the principle of this man.
In business, in his. relations with men, society,
religion, philanthropy, wife and children, ho
believed In reaching out, and it was this which
made his life truly great. That was the text
of his life from the beginning to the end,
from the days of adversity to those of af
fluence. Honor, love and duty blended with all
the vlrtu.es, rendered him a noble character.
Ungrateful we would be to the Dloneers of
California did we not eulogize the integrity
of this man.
HIS LITE "WAS CLEAN.
The end of life is death. This is a thought
that impresses itself at some time or other upon
every thoughtful man. No man needed praise
so little as him who lies here cold in death,
and no man deserved it more. Some years
ago In discussing the issues of life and death
with Mr. Eloss he said to me that a man's
life must be its own eulogy, his deeds his
monument. He wanted no eulogy spoken at
his bier. But it is meet that we should speak
of the deserving dead. "We have often stood In
admiration before the works of the masters and
in admiring their pencilings we have wondered
how nature could be so marvelously repro
duced. So have the lives of some men been
the counterpart of our conception of a god.
There have been some men whose lives seemed
to have been touched by the hand of God. I
believe this man lived God, acted God, died God.
and that he will be remembered by all who
knew him as a superior man. We need tho
inspiration of such lives to spur us on to bet
ter thlncs. -
The cortege proceeded to the depot at
•Third and Townsend streets, and at 3:50
o'clock the special train of six coaches
and funeral car departed for the ceme
tery. Several hundred people witnessed
the departure of the train, and as many
as could be accommodated, nearly all
friends of the deceased, accompanied the
remains to the peaceful spot in San Ma
teo County which has aptly been termed
Home of Peace. Many persons had pre
ceded the cortege and these thronged the
1 avenues of the cemetery long in advance
of the arrival of the funeral party. The
casket was borne to the, chapel, and in
the presence of those who had known and
loved the deceased Rev. Dr. Voorsanger
delivered a short prayer, followed by an
address, in which he spoke of the life
and works of the man whose death is sin
cerely mourned by an entire community.
Rev. Mr. Voorsanger spoke in part as
follows:
BIANY GO TO CEMETERY.
Representing the California Society of Pio
neers, John H. Jewett and Judge A. R. Cotton;
Loyal Legion. Colonel \V. K. Smedberg and
\V. W. Montague ; University of Caliiornia, A.
\V. Foster and I. VV. Hellman; represqntlng the
commercial interests or' San Francisco ana
Iriends of the deceased, W. "VV. Morrow, Pro
fessor George Davidson, Sylvain Weill, G. Nle
baum, Charles Hlrsch, R. P. Rlthet, William
Thomas, Charles Yates, L Steinhart, W. J.
Dutton, Herman Walter.' Levi Strauss, Dr.
Leopold Neumann. A. M. Hunt, Thomas Brown,
W. H. Chickerin*, . Henry Heyman, Horace
Davis, Charles E. Miller. M. H. Hecht, Henry
T Scott, John Bermingham, Mark L. McDon
ald. Daniel Meyer. Max Hellbronner. P. N. Ltl
lienthal, M. C. Erskine, Captain A. H. Payson.
Charles N. Felton and J. H. Hecht.
During the morning the friends of the
family gathered at the residence at San
Rafael, where the remains lay in state.
Rev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger was among
those who comforted the widow in the
hour of her bereavement. A few min
utes before noon* the casket, hidden from
right by a shroud of violets, was borne
to the depot, where President Foster's
private car awaited the convenience of
the family. The remains were brought
to this city on board the steamer Ukiah,
a.nd awaiting the funeral party at the
lorry were tne honorary pallbearers and
friends of the family. The pallbearers
were as follows:
All that was mortal of the late Louis
Sloss was laid to rest in the Walter
mausoleum at the Home of Peace Ceme
tery yesterday afternoon. The obsequies
were impressive and attended by a large
concourse of people who had known and
respected the deceased capitalist because
of the many noble qualities he possessed.
Body of Louis Sloss Rests in
Mausoleum at Home of
Peace Cemetery.
Rev. Dr. Voorsaiiger Eu
logizes Character of
Dead Pioneer.
HIS LIFE WORK
HIS MONUMENT
'The June edition of the Merchants' As
sociation Review, published yesterday con
tains discussions of many, plans for muni
cipal Improvements. Andrea Sbarboro
contributes an article on the recent trip
of the commercial men to Bakersneld and
W. S. Green describes what a similar par
ty will see on its tour of the Sacramento
valley. The ' projects for street .improve
ments suggested by the association to the
Board of Supervisors are . fully outlined
and their benefits explained
Discusses Proposed Improvements.
If it doesn't work-well. a little adjusting
may be all that it requires, which we can
do without charged We are selling agents
for Waterman's Ideal and Swan Fountain
pens, and sole agents for the . Marshall,
the 'best Jl' pen in the world. Sanborn,
Vail &' Co., 741 Market st. •
Ho w Is Your Fountain PenP
The committee appointed to arrange for
the Fourth of July celebration met last
night In the Mayor's office. Organization
was ! effected by the election of Bruce
Cornwall, 'chairman; George R. Wells,
vice chairman, and Charles H. Sommer
lad, secretary. A committee on electrical
display, consisting of E. L. Wagner, Max
Popper . and C.Desbrough, and one on
headquarters, consisting of C. H. Som
merlad, Dr. J. A. B. Wilson and Dr. M. S.
Levy, were appointed by the chair. .A
discussion followed as to the kind of cele
bration to have, it being the general opin
ion that a combined military and civic
parade would be. advisable. It was also
decided to make no appeal to the public
lor funds. The committee adjourned to
meet next : Tuesday a night at the same
place, when -more definite 'arrangements
will be made. <
Will Arrange for Combined Civic
and Military Parade.
Committee ¦ Effects Organization and
PREPARES TO CELEBRATE
THE FOURTH OF, JULY
Four of the parlors have not yet sent In
the names of their delegates, but will pre
sent them.
Alell Parlor No. 102. Sallnaa— Mattl* Mc-
Harry, Amelia Black.
Calaveras Parlor No. 103. San Francisco-
Lizzie Wrede. Lucille Frank.
Pine Burr Parlor No. 104, Colfax — Mary E.
Durnln.
Copa de Oro Parlor No. 103, Hollister— Mary
Plratsky.
Aloha Parlor No. 106, Oakland — Lulu
Rooney.
Geneva Parlor No. 107, Camanche — Mamie
E. Tierney.
San Lusita Parlor No. 108, San Lull Oblspo
— Almura Fiedler, Callie M. Johns.
La Bandera Parlor No. 110, Sacramento —
Margie Cohn. Hattle Bell.
Sutter Parlor No. .111, Sacramento — Lettle
Mathews, Fannie Moose.
Eschscholtzla Parlor No. 112. Etna Mills—
Grace Johnson. . ' '.
San Andreas Parlor No. 113, San Andreas —
Annie McSorley.
Darina Parlor ; No. 114, San Francisco —
Kathryn McGough,' Annie Gerichten.
Los Pimientos Parlor No. 115, Santa Paula
— Ida Todd Youngling, Jessie Fraser. ;
La Paloma Parlor No. 116, Gllroy — Mary
Furlonir.
Visalla Parlor No. 117, Vlsalia— Dora Lov
enthal.
La Vesuera Parlor No. 118, San Frandsco-r-
Nellle Boeee. Mary Desrosier.
Ema Crockett Parlor No. 119, Crockett —
Beatrice Yates.
Mountain Dawn Parlor No. 120, Sawyers
Bar — Mabel Dunphy.
Greenwood Parlor No. 121, Greenwood — Alice
L. Pollard.
Hayward Parlor No. 122, Haywards — Annie
F. Powell.
Fern Parlor No. 123, Folsom — Kate Blan
chard.
Los Angeles Parlor No. 124, Loa . Angeles —
Martha A. Reavla, Lizzie K. Foster.
Oakdale Parlor No. 125, Oakdale — Mayme
Lancaster, Essye Wood. i
Relna del Mar Parlor No. 126, Santa Bar
bara — Antoinette Coutelenc.
Verona Parlor No.' 127, Pleasanton — Marie
Madsen. ' -
Blue Lake Parlor No. 128, Blue Lake-rMary
Spencer.
Monte Robles Parlor No. 129, San Mateo—
Elizabeth Blell.
Mauna i Loa Parlor No. 130, Fort Jones —
Fannie M. Bryan. •
Las Torrosas Parlor No. 131, San Francisco
—Jennie Stark Leffmann.
Genevleve Parlor No. 132, South San Fran
cisco — Branlce- PeKilllan, Acmes Troy.
Alta Wallis Parlor No. 133, Loyal ton— Lynn
Walsh.
GRAND PRESIDENT OP NA
TIVE DAUGHTERS OF THE
GOLDEN WEST^
Urandt. • . ¦ •
San Miguel Parlor No. 94, San Miguel — Win
nie Hutaon. . • • . -.
Iiuena Ventura Parlor No. 95, Ventura —
Kate Gandolfe. Mary Raftetto. ¦»
Sans Souci Parlor No. 96, San Francisco —
Emma Westllns:, .Dora Bloom; : .-.. ¦ ¦
Belchling Parlor No. 97, Fortuna— Elizabeth
Jackson. ' ./ , :
Lassen View Parlor No. 98, Shasta— Louise
LttM-.li. . ¦ ¦ t . . . .
Golden Era. Parlor No. 89, Columbia. — Har
riet Fraser. ,' . ¦
Vendome Parlor No. 100, San Joae — Tlllle
Broheska.
Conrad ! Parlor . No. 101, Volcano — Clorlnda
The following is a list of delegates to
tho Grand Parlor:
Ursula Parlor No. 1, Jackson — Ehima For
rest Boarrnan, Lena Julia Podesta.
Minerva Parlor No. 2. San. Francisco — Mary
Dempsey. Annie Donaldson.
Alta Parlor No. 3, San Francisco— Mary
Noonan, Elizabeth F. Douglass, Emma Frazer,
Clara L. Faulkner, Julia A. Stelnbach, Ida M.
Kervan.
Joaquin Parlor No. 5. Stockton — Ida Saffer
hill, Mamie Peyton, Sadie Felmster.
Laurel Parlor No. 6. Nevada City — Clara
Moore, Ella Floyd. Mamie Lawrence.
Oro Fino Parlor No. 0, San Francisco — Nel
lie Malcay.
Bonlta Parlor No. 10, Redwood City— Nellie
O'Keefe, Louise M. Roussel.
Marguerite Parlor No. 12. Placerville — Emma
McCumpsey, Laura Jewel. ;
Eschol Parlor No. 16, Napa— Elaine Nusa
berger.
Alameda Parlor No. 18, Alameda — Lizzie
Schroeder.
Ramona Parlor No. 21, Martinez — Aga Lan
der.
Callfla Parlor No. 22, Sacramento — Bella
Johnston, Ida Curtis. Kate Haley, Pearl Yost.
La Esperanza Parlor No. 24, Los Angeles —
Fannie Dreyfus. i :
Santa Cruz Parlor No. 26, Santa Cruz — May
L. Williamson, Afldle F. Bennett. I
Occident Parlor No. 28, Eureka, — Mary Hal
laran. C. L. Campbell. ' •
Manzanita Parlor No. 0, Grass Valley — Mar
guerite Allen, Mabel Plummer, Sophie Wllhelm.
Angelita Parlor No. 32, Llvermore — Myrtle
Harp.
El Pajaro Parlor No. 35, Wasoaville — Hattle
Sheehy, Kate Jamison.
Naomi Parlor No. 36, • Downievllle Eliza
Brown.
Chispa Parlor No. 40, lone — Teresa ', Muldoon.
Cornelia Parlor No. 41, Anderson — Clemmle
Fuller. I
Sierra Parlor No. 42, Dutch Flat — Louise
Green.
Ruby Parlor No. 46, Murphy* — Mary Kaler.
"WInona Parlor No. 49, Arcata — Marguerite
Richards. • .
Golden State Parlor No. 60, San Francisco
Millie Tietjen. ,
Eltapome Parlor No. 65, Weaverville — Myrtle
Cleaves. -
Orinda Parlor No. 66, San Francisco— Hettie
Burke, Emma G. Foley.
Fremont Parlor No. 69, San . . Francisco—
Genevleve Clarke. May Berry.
Marlpoaa Parlor No. 63, Marlposa — Lucy S.
Miller. .- : .
• Dardanelle Parlor No. 66, Sonora — Amelia E.
Reltz. Hannah M. Morris.
Columbia Parlor No. 70, French Corral — Ma
rie W. Allen. • : .
Oneonta Parlor No. 71, Femdale — Myra Rum
rill, Gertrude Canepa. • ' '. •
Las Lomas Parlor No. 72, San Francisco
Annie Lacy, Emma. Scholfleld. ¦ ¦
Verltas Parlor No. 75. Merced — Bells Rosen
thai, Mrs. J. Garibaldi. ¦ . • ¦ ? -. •
Crescent Parlor No. 76, Crescent City — Ora
Crawford.
Amapola Parlor No. 80, Butter Creek— Clara
Fothlnrham, Viola Fournler. . ... .
San Jose Parlor No. 81. San Jose — Clara Bef
loll, Matilda Moak.
El Pescadero Parlor No. 82, Tracy — Susie
Frerlchs. "•¦* ~
Yosemlte Parlor No. 83., San Francisco— Lo
retta Lamburth, Susie Kalthall.
Princess Parlor No. 84, Angels — Kate Dor
roh. Kate Clarke. -
Piedmont Parlor No. 87, Oakland— Bessie
Wood, Annie Knabbe. "»._. .-.•¦• ¦_•:¦.,• >
Ivie Parlor No. S8, Lodi— Emma Witte
Lillie. ¦
La Estrella Parlor No. 89, San Francisco^
Minnie Kleversahl, Lillian Boldemann.
Woodland Parlor No. 90, Woodland — Lulu
Shelton, Gertrude Adams. . ' •
Miriam Parlor No. 01, Somersvllle— Hannah
Clement.
PJncle. Parlor -No. 92. Pinole— Annette 8.
LIST OF DELEGATES.
GBAND SECRETARYSHIP.
Miss Laura J. Frakes of Amapola Par
lor, the present grand secretary, will be
a candidate for re-election. Miss Eliza
beth F. Douglass of Alta Parlor is spoken
of as an aspirant for the same office. For
the office of grand marshal Emma .G.
Foley of Orinda Parlor and Emma Witte
Lillie of Ivie Parlor are mentioned. It is
said that nearly every parlor will have a
candidate for the position of grand trus
tee.
The parlor standing highest in finance
and membership this year Is Alta No. 3
of this city.
The local committee has arranged a
series of entertainments for the grand of
ficers and delegates. Next Monday there
will be a trolley ride and lunch at the
Cliff. Tuesday night there will be a re
ception, in Native Sons' Hall: Wednesday,
a theater party; Thursday, a ball in Na
tive Sons' Hali; Friday, installation of
the new officers and a banquet, and Sat
urday, a trip to Mount Tamalpais.
There will be a reception Monday night
in the Maple room of the Palace Hotel,
tendered by Dr. A. Florence Temple of
Darina Parlor, assisted by representa
tives from the local parlors.
Darina Parlor will give a ball the same
evening in Golden Gate Hall.
THE Grand Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West
will meet in annual session in
Native Sons' building Tuesday
morning next.
The order has a membership of nearljr
4000, distributed In . ninety-two parlors
throughout the State. It is reported that
during the past year there has been a
marked gain in membership and finance.
Eight new parlors were instituted, one
was reorganized and another surrendered
Its charter.
Many matters of Importance will occupy
the attention of the delegates and It is
probable that the approaching session will
be the most exciting one held since the
first Grand Parlor.
Eliza D. Keith of Alta Parlor is in line
for promotion to the . presidency, having
served a year in the office of vice grand
president, but there is some talk that she
will have an opponent. Who her oppo
nent will be is not given out and no one
has positively announced herself a can
didate for the office. Ella Camlnettl of
Ursula Parlor will be a candidate for vice
grand president and Mrs. Julia A. Stein
bach of Alta Parlor has also been men
tioned for this office.
THE SAINT FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.
Grand Parlor Will Meet Here. in : Annual Session
Tuesday and Lively Time Is Expected.
NATOE DAUGHTERS READY
TO GREET THEIR GUESTS
7
AMUSTnVTENTS.
Fischer's Theater.
These See
Three Them
Funny This
Men! Afternoon
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Will Soon Say "GOOD-BY."
"We Will Quit With the HUNDREDTH PER-
FORMANCE, and That Isn't Far Off.
Hear AMBER'S "MY DREAMY LOU."
BLAKE in the Operatic Duet.
HERMSEN'S Great Irish Son*.
GALLICK'S "MOLLIE SHANNON."
EXTRA!
RETURN, and "FAREWELL" BENEFIT
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. June 11.
ONLY PERFORMANCE
POLLARD'S JUVENILE OPERA COMPANY.
Magnificent Production of Gilbert & Sulli-
van's Greatest Opera
"PINAFORE."
Reserved Seats— Adults. 25c. 60c: Children,
10c. 25c.
MATIXEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. June 7.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, at.y rait except reserved, 10c.
GINGERY VAUDEVILLE!
Le Boy & Clayton; Irene Franklin;
Hill and Whitaker; Murphy aud
Slater, and the Biograph. Last
times of Peter F. Dailey and Com-
pany; Stuart Barnes; Two Little
Pucks, and Lotta Gladstone.
COMING — SUNDAY
THE MOTOGIRL
THE SENSATIONAL MYSTERY OF THE
DAY.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"MY LADY DAINTY"
Week Beeinnln* MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
Third Week of America's Youngest Star,
MAUDE FEALY
In Jerome K. Jerome's Clever Comedy,
"MISS HOBBS,"
First Time on Any Stage at
PCPl-LAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
SOUVENIR TOY MATINEE TO-DAY AT
2 SHARP!
"HE'S ALSO A JOY MAKER."
THE
Toy-Maker !
PEKFECT CAST! NEW SONGS! FUNNY
TOY SHOP SCENE!
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-XIGHT— LAST TIME,
KATHRYN K1DDER
In L. Du Pont Eyle's Adaptation of Dumas'
FRANCILLON.
Beginning- NEXT MONDAY.
HENRY MARGARET
MILLER ANGLIN
And a Special Company in A. W. Pinero's
"TRELAVVNY OF THE WELLS."
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
SEAT SALE NOW IN PROGRESS.
Box Office Open Sundays From 10 a. m. to
2 p. m.
LAST TIMES.
¦OUVENIR MATINEE TO-DAY— 25c. 50c, 75o
MR. JAMBS NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting Geo. H. Broadhursfs New and Suc-
cessful Romantic Comedy,
THE RED KNIGHT.
To-Morrow Night — Dion Boucicault'a Charm-
ing Racing Play,
"THE JILT."
BAEGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY,
25c and 50c.
SEATS READY.
BEL4LS&O A"** Ttz ALES \jS*^f^.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORRAW
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES
The Powerful aod Successful Melodrama — THE
SIDEWALKS
OF NEW YORK.
rrjtrre EVENINGS 10c to 50c
flllWLJ MATINEES 10c. 15c. 2Sc
NEXT WEEK — "A GUILTY MOTHER."
A Great Cast — Fanny Mclntyre, Annette
Marshall, Margaret Wycherley, Georgie Coop-
er, Agnes Ranken, Mabel Bowman, Earle
Brown James Corrigan. Stanley Ross. Julius
McVicker, Edwin T. Emery. Will H. Bray.
*T*C*\ r^ZW MATINEE
Last Times To-morrow, Matinee and Night.
WM. H. CRANE'S COMEDY SUCCESS,
HIS WIFEjS FATHER
NEXT MONDAY, June 9.
Inauguration of Fifth Annual Season
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco'» Great Play.
"ZAZA"
S^ats now soiling two weeks in advance.
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING.
IjOOLEY AN'D FOWLEY: MLLE. LAUR-
ELLE: LUELLA MONTAGUE'S EDU-
CATED CATS; THE TWO LAMONTS;
DAVIS AND DE HEAP.DE; BACON AND
VANE AND NEW MOVING PICTURES
The Little Lake ShoreTaftway Kow Banning
BEE BEAUPRE, the Tallevt Man on Earth.
Admission 10c Children 6c
Phone for Stats— Park 23.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO EISEN KAISSA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling: at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. Jua» 6. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, June 23. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU. .Thursday, July 24. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frt!yht and passage apply at company's oCOeaw
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And da Sad Americana de Vapores
To ValDaratao. stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, sler 10. 12 m. •
PALENA June 10ITUCAPEL July 19
AREQUIPA ...June 27IGUATEMALA. . Aug. «
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American oassenxer service.
(No chanss at Acasuico or Panama.) Freight
and pasrenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. (Jen. Ajcenta.
• AMERICAS LINE.
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St. Louis. June 11. lOainfSt. Paul.. Juno 25, 10am
Fhlla ....June 18, 10am I St. Louis. July 2.10am
RED STAR LI.\B.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Freesland.June ll.noonlVaderland June 21.noon
Sou thwrk.. June IS. noon [Kroonlnd. .June 2S,nooa
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
*EAY AND "RTVTTB STE/VMEBSr
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIS or tfONTICELLO
0:45 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun*
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Fara SO
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Tending and
of nee. pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS-
|| | | | | || nun | m. || | j .
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, 1NVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. .
-The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mextcan Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
S23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.) !
— Big G U a aon-poisonotw
Jr^&BBim&IEab*:* M remedy for Gonorrhoea.
*$j(&xg2r., _ l'r^S3 Oleet, Spermatorrhoea,
A$#Sr CURES^6a Whites, unnatural dis-
mSBl la 1 to 5 d»r>- « chugea or any inflamnn.
|^f Ou*r»n««i u> H tion. irritation or nlcer»-
EiSdPrntat coot»t;oa tloa ot OJ.«COUS mem-
ff~l r „ ., braaes. Non-«stringsnt.
.KVITHEEVXXS ChEMXHCO. SoM by D rT , es i M t M9
V^a. CSHCtXNATl.O .fegiS or «ent In plain wrapper.
TjaaBk V. a. A. jQBm by express, prepaid, for
I 1 - 00 ' or 3 no"' 08 . «3-»-
vWwya Circular sent oa request.
- * ¦
(l 1)
MARKET ST. Sf.^SS*^
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leave San Fraa»
fCT&iit Cisco as follows:
fesKWit For Ketchikan, Juneau.
S3EJ#S&i^ Skaguay. etc., Alaska — 11 *.
fcEvMJSCSai m. June 5. 10. 15, 20, 25, 30,
' Efe&Sua TOl Ju»V 5. Change to company 1 «
! tpSnP^WJPf gteamers at Seattls.
; PWBBiSsSB For Victoria, Vancouver.
if. port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom—
bZ Veto} . BmU Barbara. |anU Cni^Mc^
terer. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port B^S-'fS
Luis 1 Oblspo). Ventura, Huenemo and "Newport
(•Bonita only). ± , ,, «, .„,_ *
Coo» Bay, 9 *¦ m-. tva» T, 15. 23. July *•
"5!?iBS£i£L^&— Bay. Saa Jo« del
C*bo. Maxatlaa, Altata. La Pa«. Santa Rosalia.
OuayWa <M«:)-10 a. m.. 7th each moata.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to chaage «teamers or «au-
tn ttCKT.T OXTICE— ¦* N«" Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Passenger Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Ageata.
10 Market st. Saa Franclaco.
O.R.&IV.CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets . to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Balls.. June 2. 12. 22 •£}* *
S3 GEO W. ELDEA SAILS.. Jane 4. IT. 2T
Btpainer sails from foot of Spear st.._ll a. m.
p. W. HITCHCOCK. Pea. Agt., 1 Mong'y. 8. P.
jfamburg- American.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria. ....June 17 [Columbia ......July 3
F. Bismarck, . . June 2C |F. Bismarck .... July 2-1
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICK
I PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Vic. Lulsa....-.June 10 'Patricia June 17
Moitke June lO^Bluecher .......June 24
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California St., San Francisco. ¦
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. I................
..¦ ..........Sunday. June 9, 10 a. in.
SS. SIERRA, for . Honolulu. Samoa. . Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, June 12, 10 a. to.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. June 21. 2 p. m.
1. D. SPEECKILS k BEOS. CO., General Agts., 329 Harlot
Gei'IFass. Offlce, 643 Maim si. Pierla. 7. PaclUs sl
C0XFA6NIE GENESALB TXANSATLAKTIQIIS.
CIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of^Hrfi¥&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. «S^™P»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First clasa to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. .FUGAZI * CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. & Montgomery avenue, San Franolsoo.
Tickets sold by all Ralload Tlcktt Agents.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NIP IT IN THE BTTD.
First Appearance of Dandruff a Fore-
runner of Future Baldness.
That such Is the case has been conclu-
sively proven by scientific research. Prqf.
Unna, the noted European skin specialist,
declares that dandruff is the burrowed-up
cuticle of the scalp, caused by parasites
destrojing the vitality in the hair bulb.
The hair becomes lifeless and, in time,
falls out. This can be prevented.
Newbro's Herplcide kills this dandruff
germ and restores the hair to its natural
softness and abundancy.
' Herpicide Is now used by thousands of
people— all satisfied that it Is the most
wonderful hair preparation on the mar-
ket to-day.
¦ /H/1PP Desirable location,
1 UlUvV unsurpassed cuisine,
j un equaled ser-
5Jf|n vice and modern
CIJ1U conveniences are the
gy - attributes that have
IIf*51f1fl made these two ho-
VIIUIIU tels popular with
ww . -t tourists and travel-
HmPIC ers who San
llUlWld Francisco.
TO AUTHORS SEEKING A PUBLISHER.—
Manuscripts in all branches ot literature,
suitable for publication in book form, are re-
quired by an established house. Liberal terms.
No charge for examination. Prompt attention
and honorable treatment. "BOOKS," box
141. The Herald. 23rd St.. New York.
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL,
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY AND SATURDAY, 3:15 P. M.
FRIDAY, 10:30 A. M.. 2:30 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M:
SAN FRANCISCflTvs: SACRAMENTO.
RECREATION PARK.
i.<A Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats, 6 Stockton st
SUTRO OATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
Ba thine from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c I CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; Children 20c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EVERY DAY WE RECEIVE
r '""I ; letters from Physicians
/{5SN commending us for
, QMi selling only absolutely
JslL STRAIGHT Whiskies.
P&j Our
8 OT D
uoiDCRowi/ KYr 1
Ir'^iiP* > and our Scotch Whis-
U tt -SSL i kies are such, and you
XiBP^WlS'ft have our assurance of
rriYEi 1 the 'fact. Like the
I i*i*nAtMrt Medes and Persians, we
W*.B.Kirk&Co. never change. .
¦»»». (r Gold Medal Awarded
-^ Paris, 1900.
H. B. KIttK & CO., Sole Bottlers, N. T.
CATTON, BELL & CO.,
' ¦'.' 60LE DISTRIBUTORS.
¦ . San Franclaco, Cal.
4 visit. DR. JORDAN'S great A
iPSEUrOF ANATOHY*
9 £H M6iaA8ZK5T.tii.fi:h*7th,S.r.Cal.i
T I Qr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
O mwit World. Weaknesses or any contracted fl
¥ -flSSiSlV *semse positively cured by the oldest T
© SW" Si 1 S P ecialiit on lhe Col «- Ext. 36 years. Q
A fiflfif » 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
\ ¦wJKf&B * Consultation free and strletly prirate. \
M I Jlflfg H Treatment personally or by Ittter. A B
\ H V t! J?fiti*» Cvrt in erery case undertaken. ' T
M f( H 1 «l Write for Book, E*BI LOSOPn V at A
f ' fl :|1^" HAHItlACE. MAltED FKEE, (\W
\ M ! jL valuable book for nrn) , \
f JDB. JORDAN 4fO., 10ol.MnrketSt..S. F. 9
'iuu* ¦fgnatorc I* on ererx box of the gexraUM
Laxative Bromo-QriniiieT»M«u
W* remedy th»t 'cuw ft eo!4 In on* «•*
____'•__•' : ADVERTISEMENTS.
; »
The Most Satisfactory and Safest Med-
icine any Sick Woman Can Take.
Thus Does a Prominent Brooklyn, N.T., Woman, Speak
of Lydia E, Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"When a woman of the prominence and social standing of Mrs. Atherton
whose portrait we are herewith permitted to reproduce, voluntarily furnishes
us with a letter of such unqualified endorsement as .the following, we feel
that we not only owe her a debt of gratitude, but all women who are ill
should feel under deep obligations to her, for she tells them in unmistakabla
words where they may look for a cure and not be disappointed. .
Such testimony should be accepted by all women as convincing evidence
that Lydia E. Pinkhara's Vegetable Compound stands without a peer
as a remedy for all the distressing ills of women ; all ovarian troubles ; in-
flammations ; ulceration, f ailing and displacements of the womb ; backache ;
irregular, suppressed or painful menstruation. Surely the volume and char*
acter of the testimonial letters we are daily printing in the newspapers can
leave no room for doubt. Truly is it said that it is Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound that is curing so many women, and no other medicine.
MRS. FLORENCE JsTHERTON,
Vice-President Societe Francaise de Bienfaisance, Brooklyn, N. T.
fc DEA» Mrs. Pinkham: — For the benefit of suffering women I want
to testify to the fact that I have by personal experience and by friends
who have been cured by using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound come to the conclusion that it is the safest, the grandest and the
most satisfactory medicine any sick woman can take. life was a bur-
den to me five years ago, I felt so miserable with female troubles and
irregular menstruation ; to-dav it is all different, for I am perfectly welL
Dozens of my lady friends join me in. singing your praise. Yours,
Flobbnoe Atherton, 47 Hoyt St, Brooklyn, N. x. n
" A Boston Woman's Experience."
"Dear Mrs. PnntHAu : — I cannot praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, enough. I was a sick woman -when I commenced to take
it. My trouble was female disease, and I had pain in my back and sides. The
doctor said I was going into consumption ; I had been married eight years, but
had no children. I had some of the best doctors in the city, but none seemed
to cure me, so' I decided . to take your medicine, and it has made me a new
woman, and I now have a lovely little baby boy. I would advise all sick and
weak women to take Lydia il. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound," — ,
Mrs. Alphoxse Cboke, 13 Bockingham Place, Bozbury District, Boston, Mass. '
Remember every woman is cordially invited to write to Mrs.
Pinkham if there is anything about her symptoms she does not
understand. Her address is Lynn, Mass., her advice is free and
cheerfully given to every ailing woman who asks for it. J
Jf| m f% f% ff% REWARD. — We have deposited with tbe National City Bank of Lynn, f 5000,
VL*|fc|SMal which wi 11 be paid to any person -vrho can find that the above testimonial letters
mfo. Ill a™ not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's ipeclal per-
VU'JUU mission. Lydia K. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Man. j. A car-load of Call Superior
At! a* en has arrived and they
are now rendr for dlatrlba*
f Ion. All inb«criberi to Tike
Call are. entitled to a. copy of
tutu arreat ; book at tbe prem
ium rate of fl GO. Oat of
town subscribers - desiring a
copy of this splendid ¦ prem
ium" will be supplied on re
ceipt of fl CO. Alt mall
orders will be shipped bjr ex
press at subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
At the graduation exercises of the John
Swett Grammar School \ held yesterday
afternoon, twenty-five pupils received di
plomas. The following Interesting pro
gramme was rendered. ; . _ ;
Salutatory, Blanche Ahlers; patriot io read
ing, "Our Future," Joseph Bearwald; "The
First Call After Reveille," Lela Davison;
"The Widow's Light,", Oussle Kelly:' "Expan
sion, Lulu Matheas; ."Lincoln's Gettysburg
Address, Lawrence Bearwald; song, "Santa
Lucia"; extract from • "Snowbound," Mary
Eveleth; dialogue— "The Rival Orators," John
Wright. Arthur Barricks: "Nearer, My God,
to Thee" (refrain by eight' girls). Blanche
5 OS< 7 ,£ Ibert y." Nellie Rickards; valedictory,
Bessie Wolfe; song, "America." •
Presentation, of medals to:
«, Bessie Wolfe, Blanche Ahlers, Blanche Rose,
Addresses and Songs.
Pupils Present Fine Programme of
EXERCISES AT JOHN SWETT.
for Conscientious' Study.
Medals and Diplomas Are Awarded
The annual commencement exercises of
the Denman School at the corner of Bush
and Taylor streets took place yesterday
afternoon and were well attended. The
school was prettily decorated In ever
greens, roses, sweet peas, geraniums and
yellow marguerites. J •
The graduating class was presented to
the' Board of School Directors by Prin
cipal A. L. Mann, who said - that an
other company was going out to Join
the army of Denman School graduates
They were going out into the world, he
said, to add to its sweetness and life and
also add honor to the name of Denman.
School Director Thomas P. Woodward
In', presenting the -diplomas said to the
graduates: "Girls' stay girls, Just as long
as you can, for when you cease to be girls
you'll want to be called girls."
The following 1 graduates received diplo
mas:
Alma Abrego, Maren Aune, Wllna Beverly
Edith Blanch, Oliva Borart, Louise Carlson
Ruth CartwrUrht. Hazel Collier, Clarice Davis
Annie Dowsett. Madeline Dowsett. Nellie Dres
ser, Amy Enewold, Irma Filcher, May Fitz
Fred Braun, Thomas W. , Forsyth, Stella
Lambert, Thomas J. McKeon, George Moriattl.
George J. Presley, Clinton H. Stanbridge, Levi
B. Shipley. ., . .
The following wero awarded diplomas
Overture, orchestra; tenor solo, "The Island
of Dreams," Vernon S. Showell (drawing de
partment); song, "The Pilot Brave," Sierra
quartet (preparatory department): essay,
"Class \Memorles," Charles Norman Springer
(preparatory department) ; cornet duet (select
ed), George Ruge and Otto Marks (drawing de
partment); songs, "Die Lorelei," "Der Llnden
baum," pupils of tho German class (High
School department); award of medals to stu
dents of preparatory department, President
Denman: Bridge medals— Charles . Norman
Springer. Lasar L. Blum, Joseph S. Madden,
Arthur Simmons, Robert Hamilton Griffith;
Denman medals — Fedora L. Ludemann, Anna
,G. McMahon; barytone solo (selected). Curtis
"Winchester (High School department); song,
"When Day Fades," Evening High School Glee
Club; valedictory, Thomas W. Forsyth (High
School department); duet, "Whispering Hope."
Miss Ethelyne Moore and Miss Bess O. Rob
erts (preparatory department); song, "Amer
ica" (one verse), the audience.
The following was the programme
President Denman awarded the medals
and congratulated tho students. Director
Roncovieri presented the students with
their diplomas.
The graduating exercises of the Hum
boldt Evening High. School were held last
night at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner of
Seventh and Market streets. Large 1 as the
hall is there was standing room only
when Superintendent R. H. Webster,
chairman of the evening, made his open
ing address.
Holds Graduating Exercises.
Humboldt Evening 1 High School
CROWD AT ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
Do You Want a Trunk
At a moderate price — one that looks good
and is good? Made of genuine basswood,
brass trimmed, with leather . straps and
two trays. It is a leader in our trunk
department and the price is $9 60. It is
much larger than the trunks previously
advertised at $7 50 and $8 50 each. We
have a special suit case at $7 B0 that la
equally cheap. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market st. •
Enrico Cano went to a grocery at "1473
Powell street Thursday night and pur
chased 5 cents' worth of wine, 5 cents'
worth of cheese and 5 cents' worth of coal
oil. He did not have a bottle for the coal
oil and asked Charles Luna, the clerk,
to give him one. Luna objected, as the
bottle would cost as much as the profit
on the oil, and Cano got mad. Luna or
dered Cano out, but he refused to go, and
Luna blew a police whistle. Cano grabbed
hold of a bottle and aimed a blow at
Luna. Cano was arrested for assault and
battery, and yesterday Judge Cabanias
convicted him and sentenced him to thirty
days in the County Jail.
Thirty Days for Assault.
Earl Adarason, Carl Bach, Ralph Bundschu,
Herbert Bernthal. Carrie Bates, Grace Bates,
Arthur Cerf, Etta Eggers, Palmyre Goldtree,
Paul Hamann, Elsie Hlnz, Shlrlie King, Gus
tav Llebold, August Lutz, Eugene Mickle, *
Evelyn O'Farrell, Corlnne Plumbe, Harriet
Rowson, Raymond Schaubel, Irene Sheridan,
George Verhaghen, .Henry Warshauski.
The medal winners in* L. M. Shuck's
class were David Gutman, Blanche Kir
ner and Hazel Metcalf. The honorary
graduates were Frieda Baumgarten, Dav
id Gutman, Margaret Gowan, Sadie
Greenberg, Blanche Kirner, Hazel Met
calf, Harold Maundrell, Ellen Parker, Ev
erett Stern and Faun Tuska. The "other
graduates were: .
Lillle Alblni, Alma Bauman, Llllle Beck,
Sarah Bernstein, Lillie Blank, Esther * Braun
stein, Sarah Ginsberg, Mary Inglis, Mae Label,
Elsa Mauch, Agnes Strachan, Helena Turner,
Carrie Wittenberger, Olga Zachan, Henry
Barner, Lawrence Edwards, Ralph Hausrath,
Alfred Hofman, Robert Lorentz, Isadore Men
delson, Walter Mendelson. Joseph Moyse, Will
Rothschild, Nathaniel Schmulowltz, Horace
Seaman, Paul Spldel, George Strachan. Louis
Zimmerman.
The pupils awarded medals In Miss H.
Phillips' class were Joseph Moyse, Ralph
Hausrath and Helma Turner. Those who
graduated from this class were:
Class song; German dialogue, Esther Brauu.
stein and Olga Zacher; vocal solo, Elvira
Shuck; delivery of diplomas by the principal.
Professor Herbst; soog by class; recitation,
Helena Turner; piano solo. Hazel Metcalf; re
marks by Professor Herbst. ¦ ¦
Graduating exercises were held yester
day afternoon at the Adams Cosmopolitan
Grammar School, on Eddy street, between
Polk street and Van Ness avenue. Dip
lomas were awarded and the following
programme was successfully carried out:
Holds Graduating Exercises.
Adams Cosmopolitan Grammar School
DIPLOMAS ARE AWARDED.
Richmond Evening School.
The Richmond Evening School held
graduating exercises last evening in the
school building, at First street and Point
Lobos avenue. Miss M. McGulre, princi
pal of the school, delivered an address and
presented the diplomas to the graduates,
who were:
1 Joseph Castor, Archibald McKallost, Rubart
Smith, Lawrence Mark, Jules Ilark,- Harry
Hewing, Charles Reise. George Williams and
Philip Mason.
Songsr recitations and a one-act farca
entitled "Goose Hollow's Farmer Club"
comprised the entertainment. At the close
of the exercises the graduates proceeded
to the home of Joseph Castor to take part
in a banquet which was awaiting them.
Pacific Heights School.
Closing exercises were held yesterday
at Pacific Heights School, on Jackson
street, between Webster and • Fillmore.
The medal-winners were: Denman medal-
Miriam Reeves,. Nannine Joseph, Elsie
Howell and Emily Marvin. Bridge medals
were awarded to Arthur Hirsch, Glouces
ter^Willis and Arthur Lilienthal. Hon
oraries and diplomas were awarded and
an address was made to the pupils bv
the principal. Miss A. M. Stincen.
Rock Island Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday and
Sunday, via Rio Grande and Rock Island Rail
ways,: and via Lob Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Rock Island Railways, for Omaha, Kansas
City; Chicago and all points East. For further
Information address . Clinton ' Jones, General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 624 Market at •
GIJON, Spain, June 6. — A boat containing
eight Spanish I artillery officers was run down
by a steamer to-day and five officers were
drowned. ¦ ¦• ¦¦•¦ i
DENDffAN SCHOOL GRADUATES.
Lizzie Fahy. Cora Frye, Alice Gibson, Adrien
Goetze, Eva Johnson, Eyaline McKee, Nellie
Norton, Clara Schroederj Libble Schumacher,
Mabel Simmle, Norma Stevenson, Lena Wolp-
man. Mary Barnes, Blanche ¦ Bowman, Jean
nett Butcher, Klngsley Cannon, Frances Del
Carlo. Frank Ferguson, Ola Kroenert, Vivienne
Pierce. Olive Reed, Georgia Schaft. Gertrude
Thomas, Annie Barg, Ola Both, Harry Burris
Mildred Cameron, Evea Downle, Hazel Gaffney'
Josephine Kattleman, Edna Kaufmann, Grace
Luke. Mary Matthews, Charlotte Miles, Sadie
Qulnn and Eugene Raymond.
Following is a list of th» graduates:
Opening chorus, "Home to Our Mountains,"
class; composition, "President McKinley," A.
Goetze; vocal solo Olive Reed; recitation,
"Strike In School," H. Xachtrleb; class song,
"Whippoorwill"; recitation, "St. Augustine'3
Ladder," Klngsley Cannon; violin solo. Avea
Downey; recitation,. "Gypsy Queen," Mildred
Cameron; class song, "Star-Spangled Banner";
presentation of the diplomas; address, Joseph
O'Connor; boys' quartet, "Owl and Pussy," J.
Leggett, R. Leggett, W. London, C. Rhodes;
address and presentation of the medals by Su
perintendent Webster; girls' sextet; remarks,
James H. Simmons; parting chorus, clasa.
Pupils who received medals — Orla Both, An
nie D. Barg, Harry I* Burrls, Eugene J. Ray
mond, Libble Schumacher. John Adrien Goetze
Lizzie Fahy. Gertrude Thomas, Mary V. Barnes
and Frank P. Barnes.
One of the features of the class pro
gramme was the singing of the girls' sex
tet, composed of Olive Reed, Vivienne
Pierce, Charlotte Miles, Blanche Bowman,
Annie Barnes and Edna Luke. Miss
Grace H. Brown of the eighth grade had
the honor of announcing the programme.
The programme was as follows:
The class which graduated yesterday
afternoon from the Horace Mann Gram
mar School Is pronounced the most thor
oughly prepared that ever completed the
course of instruction in that school. The
commencement exercises were held in the
classrooms on the third floor, which were
crowded with the friends of the young
students. The rooms were appropriately
decorated with flowers, foliage and the
national colors. One hundred and twenty
graduates were awarded diplorqas.
The programme was opened with a song
by the , class, entitled "Home to Our
Mountains," which was followed by a
composition on President McKinley by A.
Goetze. Miss Olive Reed of the gradua
ting class sang a vocal solo in a manner
very pleasing to the audience.
The diplomas were presented fo the
young graduates by Superintendent Web
ster, who, in performing the task, took
occasion to offer some timely advice to
the pupils who were about to bid farewell
to the grammar school.
Joseph O'Connor, president of the Mis
sion Grammar School, advised the grad
uates not to stop with the grammar
school, but to continue on through tho
high school. Words of encouragement and
admonition were also spoken to the grad
uates by James H. Simmons, principal of
the school.
ing Programme.
Graduating Class Renders Interest-
HOBACE MANN EXERCISES.
•The graduates and the students who
will finish the course in December pre
sented a copy of the Standard Dictionary
to the training school library.
Miss Stovall announced that on the
opening of next term the normal school
will occupy the upper story of the hand
some building lately erected.
The free normal training school of the
Golden Gate Kindergarten Association
held informal closing exercises yesterday
afternoon at the rooms of the association,
2:1 Ninth street. In the absence of the
president, Mrs. Cyrus Walker, Miss
Stovall, the normal instructor, presented
diplomas to the following young ladles,
who had completed the two years' course:
Miss Emma Simpson. Miss Jean McKean,
Miss Gertrude Hussey and Miss Erna
Wall.
Normal School Graduates.
The committee placed on file the peti
tions of M. S. Galvln and others "to set ;
aside a certain sum to provide for a re
count of the vote on the adoption of the
charter and also to pay the expenses
necessary to obtain signatures to a peti
tion providing for the repeal of the char
ter.
"We are very ,sorry," said Chairman
Brandensteln of the committee, "but the
charter gives us no power to grant the
relief, much as we would like to do so.
The only thing to do is to submit an
amendment to the* charter to permit of an
appropriation, or live in the hope that an
other Governor may think more kindly of
the old firemen and sign another bill that
may be adopted."
"These men are entitled to your consid
eration, for they helped to upbuild this
city by risking their lives in preventing
destruction of property by fire. Further
more we would not be here asking your
aid were it not for the fact that Governor
Gage pocketed a bill passed by the last
Legislature appropriating $5000 for their
relief. The Governor's action prevented
the bill becoming a law."
It was demonstrated at the meeting 1 of
the Supervisors' Finance Committee last
night that Governor Gage was no friend
to the members of the old volunteer fire
department, though he once had an op
portunity to show his friendship. J. J.
Guilf oyle, secretary of the Exempt Fire
Department, In making an earnest appeal
to the committee that a sum of money
be set aside by the Supervisors to relieve
the immediate necessities of the infirm
and indigent firemen, said:
mittee Shows Governor in an
Unfavorable Light.
Appeal to Supervisors' Finance Com-
GAGE WOULD NOT BCELP
OLD VOLUNTEER FIBEMEN
Alice Bean, Adah Berry, Laura Dakin, Mar
garet Hlzar, Mamie Johnson, Mary McManus,
Gordon Marshall, Hazel Parrel, Ethel Scott,
Joseph Oliver. Etta Stelljes, Elsie Sullivan, Jo
seph Braclawskl, Charles Helm, Fred Roter
mund, George Saxton, .David Schonfeld, Adolph
Semler. Edward Swan and Ralph Mecredy.
Hazel de Guerre. Maud Perley, Christina Pat
erson, Edna Johnson, Clara Cordes, Theophile
Boehm, Gertrude Saxton, Nellie O'Connor,
John Pellage and Edith Sheehan.
The following received certificates of
promotion:
The honorary graduates were:
Piano solo, "II Trovatore," Etta Stelljes:
song by class, "Our Flag Forever"; essay,
"Sketch of "Whittler," Maud Perley; recita
tion, "The Barefoot Boy," Christina Paterson;
recitation, "Barbara Freitchle," Gertrude Sax
ton; piano solo, "Star of the -Sea." Hazel de
Guerre; recitation, "Laus Deo," Mary Mc-
Manus; recitation, "The Last Eve of Summer,"
David Schbnfeld; sons by class, "My Heart's
In the Highland": essay "Snowbound,"; Theo
phile Boehm; piano eolo, "Angel's Dream,"
Edith Sheehan; recitation. "Description of the
Snowstorm," Edna Johnson; recitation, "A
Winter's Evening," John Pellagef class song.
"Lullaby"; recitation, "Description of Charac
ters," Ethel Sheehan; recitation, "The Conclu
sion," Henrietta . Cook; violin solo, "Noc
turne," Margarete Hlzar; class song, "Parting
Hours"; reading, "At School Close," Nellie
O'Connor; presentation of diplomas and certifi
cates. School Director C. W. Mark; presenta
tion of medals, Mrs. F. A. Banning; class
song, "Star-Spangled Banner."
The Everett Grammar School held, its
commencement exercises yesterday after
noon. A very entertaining programme of
recitations, readings, vocal and instru
mental music was rendered by the pupils.
The diplomas were presented to the grad
uates by School Director Mark. Ad
dresses were made by Deputy Superin
tendent Sullivan and Rev. Dr. Day. both
6f whom described the advancement which
Is being made In the science of education.
Denman medals were presented to Hazel
Guerre and Maud Perley and a Bridge
medal to Theophile Boehm.
The programme rendered was as fol
lows:
dresses Is Rendered.
Programme Including Two Able Ad-
That the chairman and secretary o f the
Democratic State Central Committee be and
thry are hereby authorized, and empowered to
make and file all necessary petitions with tho
Secretary of State or any other officer desig
nated by law to receive the tame.
That the chairman and secretary of the Stata
Central Committee shall have the authority
to make any clerical corrections or supply a nv
clerical omissions which may be found to oc
cur In this call as this day adopted, and also
to take all steps necessary to insure- the car
rying out of the provision of the law and of
call.
The duplicate lists of delegates selected shall
be certified by the chairman and secretary of
the Democratic County Committee to the sec
retary cf the Democratic State Central Com
mittee oa or before the 20th day of August,
1902. or, where a county committee has failed
to act in accordance with this call, then by
the member or members of the State Central
Committee from such county.. ' ¦
That notices of contest must b* filed with the
secretary, of the State Central Committee on
<"" before the 22d day of August 1902
Ktll I e t f. mpo ? I S ro " of d «les&tes' for the
State convention shall be made up by the chalr-
Sutee nd eecretary of s l ate Central Corn-
That If any delegate to said State conven
tion shall die before, or from any cause shall
b« unable to attend -upon said convention, ' then
the other delegates thereto from the same ter
ritory, or. If there is no. delegate remaining
from Bald territory,' then the other delegates
thereto from the *aid Assembly district, shall
have power to determine, by a majority vote,
which of eaid delegate* shall cast the vote of
such deceased, or absentee, in said Bute con
vention and district conventions, and there-*
upon the delegate so named may cast said
vote In said Stato convention and district con
ventions. .
That the chairman and secretary of each
district convention, whether Railroad, Board
of Equalization. Congressional. Senatorial or
Assembly, shall, where a nomination Is made
during the session of the State convention, re
port to said State convention the name of the
candidate nominated and the names of the com
mittees appointed.
Twelfth — Colusa, 5; Glenn, 4; Lake, 4
Thirteenth — Sonoma. 9.
Fourteenth — Sonoma, 0.
Fifteenth — Xapa, 7.
Sixteenth — Yolo, 8.
Seventeenth — Sacramento, 6.
Eighteenth — Sacramento, 9.
Nineteenth — Sacramento, 7. \
Twentieth— Solano (Vallejo), 6; Solano (out
side Vallejo), 7.
Twenty-first— Marin, 5.
Twenty-second — Contra Costa, 8.
Twenty-third— San Joaquin (Stockton), 8 '
Twenty-fourth— San Joaquin (outside Stock
ton), 8.
Twenty-fifth— Stanislaus, 6; Merced, 6: Ma
dera, 4. - .^
Twenty-sixth— Mariposa, 4; Tuolumne. 8.
Twenty-seventh— Inyo. 3: Tulare, 11.
CITY'S REPRESENTATION.
Twenty-eighth — San Francisob, 8.
Twenty-ninth — San Francisco, 10.
Thirtieth — San Francisco, 10.
Thirty-first — San Francisco, 9.
Thirty-second — San Francisco, 7.
Thirty-third — San Francisco, 5.
Thirty-fourth — San Francisco. 6.
Thirty-fifth — San Francisco, 6.
Thirty-sixth — San Francisco 9.
Thirty-seventh — San Francisco, 8.
Thirty-eighth — San Francisco, 7.
Thirty-ninth — San Francisco, 5.
Fortieth — San Francisco, 4.
Forty-first — San Francisco. 4.
Forty-second — San Francisco 7.
Forty-third— San Francisco 6.
Forty-fourth — San Francisco 7.
Forty-fifth — San Francisco 6.
Fcrty-fcixth — Alameda (outside city) 7.
Forty-seventh— Alameda (city of Alameda) 3.
Forty-eighth — Alameda (Oakland) 5
Fx>rty*nlnth — Alameda (Oakland) 5 Alameda
(outside Oakland) 1.
Fiftieth— Alameda (Oakland) 5, Alameda
(outside Oakland) .
£j!ty-first— Alameda (Oakland) 2, Alameda
(outside Oakland) 2.
Fifty-eecond — Alameda (Berkeley) S Ala
metia (Oakland) 1, Alameda (outside Oakland)
Fifty-third— San Mateo 5.
Fifty-fourth — Santa Cruz 8.
Fifty-fifth— Santa Clara (San Jose) 2, Santa
Clara (outside San Jose) 5.
Fifty-sixth— Santa Clara (San Jose) 3, Santa '
Clara (outside San Jose) 6.
Fifty-seventh— Santa Clara (San Jose) 8,
Santa Clara (outside San Jose) 4.
Fifty-eighth— San Benito 4.
Fifty-ninth — Monterey 9.
61xtleth— Fresno (city) 3, Fresno (outside
city) 5.
Sixty-first— Fresno (city) 3, Fresno (outside
city) 7.
Sixty-second — Kings 4.
Sixty-third — San Luis Obispo 9.
SOUTHERN" COUNTIES.
Sixty-fourth— Santa Barbara 8.
Sixty-fifth — Ventura 7.
Sixty-sixth — Kern 10.
Sixty-seventh— Los Angeles (Pasadena) 2
Lob Angeles (outside Pasadena) 3.
Sixty-eighth — Los Angeles (outside city) 7
Sixty-ninth— Los Angeles (city) 2, Los An
geles (outside city) 6.
Seventieth— Los Angeles (city) 3, Los Ange
les (outside city) 5. „
Seventy-first — Los Angeles (city) 6.
Seventy-second — Los Angeles (city) 8.
Seventy-third — Los Angeles (city) 8.
Seventy-fourth— Los Angeles (city) 8, Los
Angeles (outside city) 2.
Seventy-fifth— Los Angeles (city) 8. '
Seventy-sixth — San Bernardino 12.
Seventy-seventh — Orange 9.
Seventy-eighth — Riverside 6.
Seventy-ninth — San Diego (city) 7.
Eightieth— San Diego (outside city) 6.
Total, C29 delegates.
That the delegates to said State convention
from the several railroad and Board of Equal
ization districts shall, respectively, meet in
district conventions in said city of
prior to the final adjournment of said State
convention, and nominate a candidate for
Railroad Commissioner and for Member of the
State Board of Equalization.
That in view of the redistrlcting of the State
into eight Congressional districts, and ther» |
being no Congressional district committees
which represent fully the new districts It is
recommended that the delegates to the State
convention shall constitute the Congressional
district conventions for the nomination of can
didates for Representative in Congress for
their respective districts, as provided In sec
tion 1361 of the Political Code, and said dele
gates to the State convention from each Con
gtesslonal district shall, respectively, meet for
the organization of a Congressional district
convention at said city of . prior to
the final adjournment of said State conven
tion, and nominate a candidate for Representa
tive in Congress, and provide for the selection
of a Congressional district committee, or ad
journ to such other time and place as may ba
determined upon for that purpose.
. ABSENTEES AND PROXIES.
That the delegates to said State convention
from each Assembly and even numbered Sena
torial district shall also meet in said city ot
. prior to the final adjournment of
Bald State convention, and. respectively, nom
inate a candidata for member of Assembly and
State Senator, provided there has not been a
district committee petition filed for the elec
tion of separate district convention delegates
therein, or provision made by the county com
mittee in its call for the selection of legisla
tive candidates.
The office of the San Francisco News
Letter and the Overland Monthly have
been moved to the Halleck Building, 320
Sansome street. •
EVERETT PUPILS GRADUATE.
Choral (Emerson); scherzo-poilaco (Charain
ade). Misses M. O'Sullivan and M. O'Hara;
greeting boys; "The Soldier's Cradle Hymn,"
intermediates; "Momento Capricioso" (Spind
ler), Misses J. Donnelly and M. Garbarlno;
The Chorister," Master Arnold Grazer: min
uet, juniors; dumbbell exercises, boys; "Etude
de Concert" (Tschalkowsky), Missea A. Morton
and E. Grazier; "The Rising Young Men,"
Master Willie Nolan: literary selection, seniors;
Polonaise Brllliante" (Wieniawskl), Francis
«. McAleer; "An Afternoon Promenade," min
ims; "Danse de Dryad" (Pirani), Mandoiin
Club; awarding of certificates.
Commencement at St. Charles'.
commencement exercises of St.
Charles Academy were held yesterday
afternoon in the school hall at Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets. The exercises were
private, only the clergy and the immedi
ate relatives of the graduates having been
Invited. An excellent programme was
rendered. The following pupils gradu
ated from the grammar school: Miss
Cecelia Sheehan. Miss Florence Hope,
Miss Mary Gargan, Miss Nellie Gargan,
Miss Genevieve Dowdall, Ivo Flynn,
/^ mes * °'l& ea> Fra "k O'Shea, Maurice
° * e Z te> WMiam Dawson, Roger O'Hara
and Cornelius Thornton. The programme
follows: .
Captain Martin detailed Detectives
Dinan and Wren on the case, and they
were not long in deciding that the sus
picion against White was borne out by
facts. They ascertained that White had
an accomplice, who sent in numerous or
qers for cheap wine, and White would
substitute the most expensive whisky,
brandy or wine, the cheaper grade being
charged to the accomplice. For instance,
a barrel of claret costing about 27Vi cents
per gallon would be ordered, and White
would substitute whisky or brandy coat
ing from 13 to $4 per gallon, the claret be
ing charged. •
After satisfying themselves on • this
point the detectives, armed with a search
warrant, went to White's rooming-house,
on Turk street, Thursday night and found
about $800 worth of the best brands of
whisky, brandy, champagne and other
ijquors in his rooms. It required two
wagons to convey the stuff to the prop
erty clerk's storerooms.
White was placed under arrest and
locked up in "the tanks." He admitted -to
the detectives that he had been working
his scheme for the last month with the
aid of an accomplice, but he declined to
give his name. The detectives continued
their work on- the case and have succeed
ed in discovering where the remainder of
the stolen liquor has been stored. They
expect to have White's accomplice in cus
tody at any moment. At least two
charges of grand larceny will be booked
against White.
Olson & Co., grocers, 715 Market street,
notified the police that a thief was op
erating in their liquor department, and
they estimated that about $2000 worth had
been stolen during the last three or four
weeks. Suspicion .pointed to William
White, who for the last five months had
charge of the department.
At the end of an hour's session they
came to the conclusion that as Judge
Cook is vested with the power to assign
the case to any one of them it should be
left to him. Kone of the Judges is anx
ious to handle the case, but they all stat
ed that they will abide by Cook's decision.
Judge Cook made inquiry to ascertain
what Judges would be in the city on
June 30, the date fixed for the argument
in the case, and learned that Judges
Murasky and Troutt would be here. He
will issue an order this morning that
these two Judges sit in bank with him on
the case, which will obviate the necessity
of asking any outside Judges to sit in the
case.
Before what Superior Judge the suit in
quo warranto brought "against the Board
of Health removed from office by Mayor
Schmitz shall be tried is the question that
is bothering the, twelve gentlemen wear
ing the ermine in this city and county.
Presiding Judge Cook has the power to
assign the case to any of his fellow
Judges, but has not yet done so. He
called a meeting of the Judges Thursday
and they met in Judge Hebbard's cham
bers at the City Hail yesterday and dis
cussed the question at length.
That the apportionment of delegates to each
/.Bsembly district, or where more than one
county Is embraced in an Assembly district,
then to each of eaid counties, is as follows:
First Assembly District — Del Norte 1 deie
rnte; fciskiyou, 8; Trinity, 2.
Second — Humboldt, 6.
Third — Humbo-ldt, 4.
Fourth — Modoc. 3; Lassen, 2: Shasta, 10
Fifth— Plumas, 2; Blerra. 2; T»hama. 6
Blxth— Mendocino, 8.
Beventli — Butte, 10.
Eighth — Sutter. 3; Tuba, 5.
Ninth — Nevada, ©.
Tenth— El Dorado. 7; Placer, 8.
Eleventh — A ma dor, 6; Alpine, 1; Calaveras
6; Mono, 1.
DISTRICT APPORTIONMENT.
That no county or district convention shall
elect any delegate to either the State or dis
trict convention from any Assembly district or
portion of any Assembly district in which the
primary. election law Is mandatory, as the law
provides specifically that such delegates must
be voted for and elected direct to the State and
district conventions from all territory where
eaid law Is mandatory.
That as to Assembly districts, parts of As
sembly districts, and counties composing an
Assembly district wherein the provisions of
eaid sections of the Political Code are not obli
gatory and mandatory, said primary shall be
conducted, as far as practicable. In consonance
¦with the provisions of said sections of said
code, but, except where the delegates to the
Etate and district conventions are elected by a
county or Assembly district convention, the
respective county committee* Ehall. before the
£5th day of July. 1902. Issue a call for such
primary, and give full publicity thereto, nam
ing therein the election officers, the polling
place for each legal election precinct, the hours
during which the same will be kept open for
voting, and the number of delegates to be
voted for at each. Should the county commit
tee in any such county fail to issue such call
before said t5th day of July. 1902, the member
or members of the Democratic State Central
Committee from said county are directed to
Issue the eaxne, to appoint the primary election
officers, and In all details to superintend the
conduct and management thereof, including the
reception of returns and issuance of credentials
That the test to be required of every person
6eeldng to vote a. Democratic ballot at eaid
primary ehall be as follows: A bona fide pres
ent Intention of supporting the nominees of the
Democratic party at the next ensuing election
That the ballots used at eaid primary may be
either printed or written.
That the apportionment of delegates to said
Etate convention Ehall be: One delegate at
large for each county, and one delegate for
each two hundred (200) votes cast for the
Democratic nominee for Presidential Elector re
ceiving the highest cumber of votes cast in the
Aesembly district as now constituted, or
county, where more than one Is embraced In
the Assembly district, at the general election
held in ICovember, 1900. and one delegate for
a majority fraction thereof; provided, that any
county casting less than euch majority frac
tion for said nominee ehall be entitled to one
delegate.
DELEGATES TO BE ELECTED.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee wi)l meet a.t the California Hotel this
forenoon to fix a time and place for hold
ing the State nominating convention of
tho party. There is sure to be a contest
between Sacramento and Santa Cruz for
the honor ot entertaining the convention.
Kach city is represented by an active
committee of citizens. Sacramento seemed
to have the leading place until last night.
It is practically settled that the conven
tion will assemble on Monday, September
•1, or Tuesday, September- 2; hence the ad
vocates of Santa Cruz present the advan
tages of the seaside climate at this season
of the year.
The sub-committee, of which R. M.
Fitzgerald is chairman, held a session last
night at the chairman's office and agreed
upon all the important provisions of the
call, except the directions relating to the
time and place of the meeting. Delegates
are to be chosen by Assembly districts.
In accordance with the requirements and
epirJt of the primary election law. The
convention will consist of one Relegate
tor every 200 votes cast for the leading
on the 'Democratic ticket in the
Presidential election of 1300, and one dele
fc-ate at large for each county of the State.
This Trill give a convention of €86 mem
fcere in wnich San Francisco will be rep
resented by 125 votes.
Following is the text of the call recom
rnended by the sub-committee. The gen
eral committee, of which J. C. Sims is
chairman, will assemble at 11 a. m. to-
Cay:
The Democratic Elite Central Committee of
California, the governing boij of the Demo
cratic party of California, a political organiza
tion, which at the l&st general election polled
more than three (3) per cent of the total vote
In said State, and in each political subdivision
thereof, in meeting assembled on this 7th day
cf June, 1902. at the city and county of San
Francibco, State aforesaid, hereby adopts the
following call for Democratic State and district
conventions, to nominate candidates for public
office, to be voted for at the general election
to be held on the 4th day of November, 1902,
cr at any special election which may be called
¦?¦fthin two years after the 12th day of August,
j'.i..'-. for the election of & Democratic Stats
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
such ether business aa may come before aald
State or district conventions.
That eaid convention shall meet at the city
cf on the day of ,
1902. and shall consist of €S6 delegates.
That all of said delegates shall be elected.
Cither by a county or Assembly district con
vention, composed of delegates elected at a
primary, os at a primary election, at which
primary $.11 delegates ehall have an opportunity
to vote, to be held In each Assembly district,
or, ¦where more than one county is embraced
la an Assembly district, then in each of said
counties, oa Tuesday, the 12th day of August,
That said primary election shall be con
ducted In all respects in accordance with the
provisions of sections 1357 to 1375, both in
clusive, of the Political Code of the State of
California. In all Assembly districts and parts
cf Assembly districts wherein tbe provisions
of said sections are obligatory and mandatory
viz.: In the Assembly districts, or parts of
Assembly districts, as the case may be, em
braced by the city and coxinty of San Fran
cisco, the city of Los Angeles, the city of Oak
land, the city of Sacramento, the city of San
Jose, the city of San Diego, the city of Stock
ton, the city of Alameda, the city of Fresno,
the town of Berkeley, the city of Pasadena and
the city of Vallejo.
From Store for Cheapest
Wines.
Expensive Liquors Are Sent
Sacramento and Santa Cruz
Are Championed for the
Meeting Place.
They Meet and Decide to
Abide by Cook's
Decision.
Herbert Bismarck Foster, William Deucachet
Geary, George Theodore Gerken. James Joshua
Jordan. John Jacobsen Olsen Jr., Marbon Hans
Dannenberg, Miss Hallie H. Dunlap, Miss
Wiluetta Brown Ross, Jacob David Dautoff,
Ernest Goodman Geary, George William Kleine
berg, Max Philip Lilienthal, Guy Haynes Mlze,
Andrew Jackson Stevens, Herman
Ed Goldman and Chee Lowe.
The pupils of the % Polytechnic High
School held commencement exercises yes
terday morning in the school auditorium.
Directors Denman and Mark were intro
duced by Mr. Bush. Each spoke briefly,
congratulating the pupils upon the excel
lence of the work done by them In the
school.
Mr. Denjnan presented diplomas to the
following graduates:
ulate Pupils.
Directors Denman and Mark Congrat-
STUDENTS COMMENDED.
Arthur Barrlcks, Joseph Bearwald, Lawrence
Bearwald. .Louts. Constlne. Eddie Flanders,
Eugene Hall, Walter Lane, Sidney Israelsky.
Willie Mathewson, Sylvester McCarthy, Charles
Steller. John Wright, Blanche Ahlers, Lera
Burdick. Agnes. Cram, Doretta David, Hazel
Duncan, Mary Eveleth, May Fitzhenry, Gussie
Kelly, Lulu Matheas. Marguerite Molloy, Nellie
Rtckards, Blanche Rose. Bessie Wolfe.
The graduates were:
Mary Eveleth, Louis Constlne, Charles Steiler,
Willie Mathewson.. . ¦
Music; salutatory, Mabel Frlsbie; vocal solo,
Pearl Ladd, graduate of June class of JL900; re
marks. Director A. A Roncovierl; music; in
strumental duet, Irma Filcher and May Fitz
Gerald; music; awarding diplomas, Director
Thomas P. Woodward; music; valedictory,'" May
Fitz Gerald; vocal solo, Mrs. Mary Mann
Haley; music, the Denman Chorus; remarks,
Deputy Superintendent L. A. Jordan; presenta
tion on behalf of June class of 1902, Amy Ene
wold; "America," by graduates and audience.
Accompanists: Gertrude Freepe, Lottie Gerich
ten, Irma Filcher and May Fitz Gerald.
Director James Denman before award-
Ing* the medals said that he was especial
ly pleased to hear from the teachers that
there had been no failures in the Den
man School this year. He congratulated
the class and said he wished he c#uld
give all the graduates medals, but he re
alized that all could not be medal winners.
He then awarded medals to the following:
The Denman medal — May Fitz Gerald, Mabel
Frlsbie, Amy Enewold and Josie Flyshaker.
The Denman School medal— May Fitz Ger
ald, Mabel Frlsbie, Amy Enewold, Josie Fly
shaker, Dorothy Hawkes, Maren Aune, Maude
Krolow, Marion Nutting, Jean Helm, Pauline
Hayes. Ruth Cartwrisht, Anita Fuendellng
and Helen Fowle.
The following programme was. well
rendered: . '¦ .
Gerald;- Josie Flyshaker, Helen Fowle, Ger
trude Freese, Mabel Frlsbie, Anita Fuendellng,
Lottie Gerichten, Blanche Hammond, Alma
Harrison, Edith Harvey, Dorothy ¦• Hawkes,
Pauline Hayes, Jean Helm, Hazel Holmea,
Vibiana Kennedy, Elsie Koch, Maude Krolow,
Anita Loos, Anna ' Macoutllard. Emma McDer
mott. Hazel Myers, Marion Nutting. Emma
O'Neill. Adeline Scouler, Almeta Sutcliffe,
Sadie Tucker/Gertrude Wise, Florence Wooll.
Call for Party Convention
to Nominate a State
Ticket.
William White Confesses
. That He Swindled
Olson & Co.
Many Accomplished Boys and Girls Receive Scholastic Honors, While Others
I Are Highly Commended for Conscientious Work.
At the conclusion of the programme his
Grace Archbishop Riordan closed the ex
ercises with an address to the young
ladies, in which he spoke many kind
words and wished them all the happiness
they deserved. The next session of
school at Notre Dame will commence on
Monday, August 4.
"Lohengrin" (Wagner), pianos— Misses Grace
St. John, G. Coleman, M. Forbes, M. Purcell;
violins— Misses E. G. Sresovich. R. Pistolesi,
W. Wilcox, L. Carroll; organ— Miss D. Merle.
Sacred chorus (E. Juvin), accompanists —
pianos. Misses E. G. Sresovich, M. Forbes, and
organ. Miss R. Pistolesi; "Memor et Fidolis,"
original poem. Miss Teresa Murphy; "Ray
mond" (Thomas). Misses E. G. Sresovich, R.
Pistolesi, A. Cresalia, A. Dunne, D. Merle, H.
Colnon, L. Bonestell, R. Tanlere, G. St. John,
G. McGovern. G. Colman, M. Bennett.
Medals were awarded for deportment,
singing, improvement In English and
other studies, and for excellence in paint
ing, drawing and sketching. The medals
were very pretty, and were presented by
the Archbishop to several hundred pupils.
After the bestowing of honors the mu
sical programme was completed and se
lections rendered as follows:
Miss Eva F. Miller, Miss Anna T. Cregnlia,
Miss Agnes H. Dunne, Miss Agnes E. Ma
honey, Miss Teresa H. Murphy, Miss Ella B.
Clarke, Miss Evelyn G. Sresovich, Miss Dalsy-
V. Merle.
The distribution of diplomas, medals,
class honors and extra prizes followed.
As the name of each young lady to receive
a diploma was announced she arose and
presented herself before the Archbishop,
who bestowed the honors. Following are
the graduates:
Overture (Auber), Misses M. Bennett, H. Col
non.-G. Runyon. M. McGrady, M. Wagner M.
Hector M Kirby, L. Carroll; salutatory. Miss
I*. Bonestell; "Choral Greeting" (Donizetti), ac
companists, piano Miss M. Langhorne, mando
lins Misses E Sresovich, R. l'istolesl, W. VVU
cox, A. Meyers; "Unter Kanonendonner ,
(Braham), Misses A. Devlin, E. Woodward,
Geraldine St. John, M. Murphy, W. Wilcox. I.
Cronan, P. Brutscher. M. Keeffe, I>. Doble, U.
Quaas; "Duo Dramatique" (Vilbac), Misses k.
G. Sresovich. A. Cresalia, Grace St. John, A.
Devlin, D Merle, Geraldine St. John, M. Pur
cell M. Hector. R. Plstolesl, M. Langhorne.
M Forbes L. Bonestell; "Piscatori" (Cabussi),
accompanist Miss E. G. Sresovich; piano solo
(Liszt). Miss E. G. Sresovich.
streets yesterday afternoon, be
ginning at 2:30 o'clock. Long before the
hour of commencing the large room was
entirely filled _and- many were compelled
to stand in the halls within hearing. The
entire hall was beautifully decorated with
flowers, ferns and palms, which were
artistically arranged. At 2:30 o'clock
twenty prominent priests of this city,
headed by his Grace Archbishop Riordan,
filed down the long aisle and took their
peats on the platform at the rear of the
hall. They were' followed by the eight
graduates, who were beautifully dressed
in white and carried bouquets of rare
flowers. Then followed the pupils. When
ail were seated the exercises were opened
with the \rendering of a portion of the
musical programme, which was as fol
lows :
THE College of Notre Dame of San
Francisco held its thirty-seventh
annual commencement at the col
lege at Seventeenth and Dolores
Superior Judges Are Not
Anxious to Try Quo
Warranto Suit.
ROBS EMPLOYERS
BY CUNNING RUSE
DEMOCRATIC WAR
HORSES CAVORT
HEALTH BOARD
CASE UNPOPULAR
MERITED DIPLOMAS AND MEDALS
ARE AWARDED TO BRIGHT PUPILS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.:
8
PAINE'S CEIggY OOMPOUinX
THERE IS HOPE FOR EVEN
SUCH AS HAVE GLIMPSES
OF THE DARK VALLEY.
Paine's Celery
Compound
The Medicine That Saves Life and
Restores lost Healtii.
A merciful Providence still keeps the
spark of life in thousands of wasted and
feeble bodies. The fitful, flickering spark
will burn -with decreased power as the
hot days of summer approach. There la
still hope for even those who are now
catching gllmpse3 of the dark valley.
The use of Paine's Celery Compound
during the month of June will at once
arrest the progress of wasting diseases.
It will strengthen the weak and inflamed
nerves, rid the body of morbid waste
material make the blood pure, and give
healthy action to the stomach, liver and
kidneys. Nervousness, sleeplessness,
rheumatism, neuralgia, liver and kidney
troubles quickly vanish when Dr.
Phelps' marvelous prescription Is used.
Mrs. Alice Terry "Wood, 515 Highland
street, Helena, Mont., Bays:
' "I can say to all that I believe Paina's
Celery Compound a great medicine. I
should have been in my grave If it hadn't
been for the wonderful curing virtues of
the Compound, and I can say to all who
are tired and run down, to try It, and
they will find relief at once. My trouble
was general weakness, lack of appetite
and heart trouble. I have taken four
bottles of Paine's Celery Compound and
feel like a new person. Now I have a
good appetite, do all of my work and feel
well." -•-•¦¦
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
OK THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Liverpool and
London and Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1901. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
I ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company.. $1,865,833 00
Loans en Bonds and Mortgages.. 3,009,050 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 8,323,343 S3
Cash in Company's Office 2,725 10
Cash in Banks 827,278 25
Interest due and accrued on all -
Stocks and Loans 1S3 80
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 35,658 77
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 1,141,385 12
Rents due and accrued 10,000 60
Due for P. P. Premiums 925 00
Total Assets $10,316.391 02
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $8,973 39
Losses in process of Adjustment
cr in Suspense 603,910 65
Losses restated. Including; expenses 72,025 00
Gross . premiums oa Fire Risks
running one year or less. $-t.-
073,757 92; reinsurance at SO per
cent 3,03«,873 96
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than ona year,
$4,023,601 79; reinsurance, pro
rata 2,268.907 28
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on Perpetual Fire Insur-
ance Policies 213.914 19
Liability under Life Department. 81.303 83
Commission due 178,875 52
All other Liabilities 253.480 t>«
ToUl Liabilities $5.718J74~61
INCOME.
Not cash actually received for
Fire premiums (3,602,416 SI
Received for Interest on Bonds
and mortgages „¦ 131,456 72
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks. T/umt.
and from all other sources...... 80.5-48 02
Received from, all other sources.. 96.447 53
ToUl Income ...• $3.820,86T~ei
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fir* Losses
(including $469,901 38. losses of
previous years) $3,789,543 67
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 924.924 72
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 844 8S0 «
Paid for State. National . and °* 1>OOU *°
Local taxes 133,245 81
All other payments and expendl-
tare » - 859.324 18
Total Expenditures $5,551.923 71
Risks and Premiums. Fir« Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ~~
written during the
*««¦ ••• $854.636,804|$3.ld9.861 84
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
*«**¦ ; .. v .... TS3.9S6.0S7 7.130,981 IT
Net amount in force
December 31. 1001. 911.628.314 8.097.259 61
HTW EATON. Res. Manaser.
GEO. W. HOTT, Deputy Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27tk
day ot January. 1002.
W. H. -WTLDET,
¦*.:*¦".'¦' Notary Publio.
Pacific Department
422 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Secretary. *
C. MASON KINNE.
Assistant Secretary.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Llst3 Mallei
;- -;¦;;' on Application.
COAL. OOKB AND PIQ i WN .
j.c wilson ten.. jsaarsLggi
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES & CO 5, hl » tn « Butchers. 10»
*nu uviwuw ciay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
PRINTING.
EC HUGHES, M,5gggi*
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First street. Baa TraacUoa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Do you know the most
luxurious bath in the world?
Have you used Pears 1
Soap?
Sold all orer the world
For Stomach Disorders.
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
yaeifY
Bcfct NATURAL Alkaline! Water
229 BBOADWAT. N. T.
Tklm eignatnre is on every box of tbe genalni
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabieu
fbft remedy tfeat eves • e» W in <me de>
1 A San Franciscan 1
¦ * KM " ' t^i t
| ' Spends |
I I One Hundred and §
I Two Days in a |
f I South African Jail. |
H The most interesting story o! the Boer y
• i war yet published. i
NEXT SUNDM CALL
VHEKE TO GO CAMPING. THE SWELL LADIES WEAR PIC*
Beginning of a series of camping TUPE HATS WITH DECOLLETE
stories, with, illustrations. __ GOWNS. *
THE VISITING SHRINEFS. WHO Fiod «»* -*ho they are in next
\\RETHEYr Sunday's CalL
• See next Sunday's CalL THE OLDEST ADOBE HOUSE
TOMMY: ATKINS. ; WHO ?S SHE, ; H0 W CELERY V IS GROWN AND
STORY OF THE LOST DUTCHMAN ! MARKETED IN CALIFORNIA
mine: '¦'¦' : :'" ' ' '¦ •-/. . . - -
A thrtfling story of the West. - FEAD THE WOLFVILLE STORIES
FULL.PAPE. POSTER BY J. A. CA, .* Y *"*»> HENRY LEWIS.
HILL ' ':¦ .¦",_. . ., ¦ FASHIONS, FICTION AND HUMAN
•Get this lure. Best yet published. INTEREST STORIES.
THE SUNDAY, CALL MAGAZINE SECTION CONTAINS MORE WESTERN
STORIES THAN ALL OTHER SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAYPAPERS COMBINEDSAUSALITO, June 6.— Miss Mary : Bet
tincourt, a Sausalito young lady, and
John Williams, a private In the Sixth Ar
tillery, stationed at Fort Baker, had a
narrow escape from being drowned off
Sausalito this afternoon. They were saved
only by the heroic effort of sailors from
the McCuloch. . . . ,'r^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GUNBOAT MANILA LONG
OVERDUE AT SEATTLE
Uneasiness in Marine Circles Over
Non- Arrival of Vessel Bring
ing Soldiers.
\ SEATTLE,; June 6.— The United States
gunboat Manila was scheduled to arrive
at Bremerton. Puget Sound, fully a week
ago. but nothing has been heard. from her
and there Is some uneasiness in marine
circles. She has on board seventy or more
soldiers whose service in the Philippines
la ended, and several officers.- These
troops were to have been sent east from
Seattle immediately upon their arrival.
The Manila was last heard from, at
Honolulu. She left there In time to- rnaku
PuKet Sound without unusual speed on
May 30 It ispossibl© that her machinery
has broken. The absence of storms makes
it Improbable that she has encountered
weather that would retard her The pos
sibility of a fire at sea has been given
consideration.
Do You Sea the PointP
It's a good one if it's one of our pyro
graphy points, and we have everything
else In the Artist Material line, including
skins fresh from the tanner, and fancy
wood* articles to burn. Sanboro, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market at •
Rescue a Young Couple
From Treacherous
Bay Tide.
in 1903.
PORTLAND, June 6.— The national con
vention of the Travelers' Protective Asso
ciation to-day selected Indianapolis as the
place of meeting in 1903, and elected the
following officers:
President — Hotfard W. Peak of Texas.
Flret vice president — Robert 'W. Simons of
California. " _ _ '""
Second vice president — E. W. Donhem of
Third vice president — Robert Lee Wylly of
Fourth vice president — Louis Ochs of Louisi
ana.
Fifth vice president — D. It. Havener of
Minnesota. , •'. ¦
National directors— J. W. McDonald of Mis
souri, Ufa O. Thompson of Indiana, C. W.
Frankwlron of Illinois.
Chairman committee on railways — J. D.
Stacy of Illinois.
Chairman press committee — R. F. Hodgin
of Nebraska.
Chairman employment committee — George W.
Smith of Missouri. ¦
National chaplain— Rev. Virgil Tevia of
Indiana. m ¦*•
Scott Forfeits Legacy.
Mortimer S. Chamberlain, RachaelJo
honott. Lulu Wormell and the San Fran
cisco Protestant Orphan Asylum filed a
petition yesterday for the partial distribu
tion of the estate of the late Angelia R.
Scott. . They - state in the petition that E.
W. Scott, husband of the deceased, has
forfeited the share in the estate be
queathed to him because he contested the
wilL It was provided by Mrs. Scott that
any one of the legatees who contested
the will should lose his or her share.
Scott's Bhare, 1-20 of the estate, now re
verts to the other legatees.
I
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS
ELECT PEAK PRESIDENT
National Association Names Indian
apolis as Its Meeting Place
M'CULLOCH'S MEN
SAVE TWO LIVES
The Monticello Club will hold high jinks
to-night. An entertaining programme has
been prepared for the occasion, and tho
members have been instructed to bring
their friends.
Monticello Club Jinks.
The County Committee of the Republi
can party met last night at 32 O'Farrell
street and effected a permanent organiza
tion. In compliance with the report of
the committee on organization Thomas D.
Riordan was made permanent chairman,
Jessie E. Marks first vice president, Louis
Haake second vice president, Clifford Mc-
Clellan secretary I and J. Levi Jr. : treas
urer. The chairman was authorized to
appoint two committees of nine members
each— one on apportionment for the local
convention and the other to organize dis
trict clubs. On motion of James J. Mc-
Carthy a resolution was adopted in favor
of the bill to Increase the pay of letter
carriers. The committee adjourned to
meet at the call of the chairman.
Republican County Committee.
STUDENTS FIND
SUICIDE'S BODY
CASTRIES, St. Lucia, June 6.— At 2
•o'clock this afternoon the darkness was
intense over St. Lucia. A. submarine ex
plosion to-day caused the sea here to re
cede to Its normal level.- No damage was
done. The Souffrlere volcano at St. Vin
cent is quiet.
The explosion this morning was expect
ed and watched for. There was conse
quently very slight panic among the peo
ple here and quiet was soon restored. A
large number of French families are'leav
ing the island. ¦
No reports of damage have been re
ceived. It is probable .that the area of
activity and destruction is the same as
that of previous outbursts. This area is
now completely abandoned.
The most notable phenomenon to-day
was that the sea rose nearly three feet,
then fell back to below its normal level
and then returned to its normal level.
The eruption was not accompanied by
earthquakes. The sky is now clear, but a
heavy surf is beating on the coast.
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique, June
6. (6 p. m.)-yMont Pelee is still in violent
eruption. This morning an enormous
column of black smoke rose from the vol
cano to a height estimated at four miles
and then spread rapidly Into a mushroom
shaped cloud which appeared to have a
diameter | of forty miles. The spectacle
was impressive, but there were no detona
tions, no electrical displays, and no show
ers of ashes. Fort de France has been
shouded in intense gloom,' like that which
accompanies a total eclipse of the sun.
and Then Subsides.
Stormy. Sea Rises Nearly Three Feet
GLOOM AT FORT DE FRANCE.
The rising, up to the present, has been
confined to the right bank of the Mekong
and Is in Siamese territory. Should the
trouble reach the left bank the French
will at once dispatch troops to protect
that territory, which Is within the Frenca
sphere.
This slaughter has only excited the peo
ple of the vicinity to desperation and they
vow vengeance on the' King's soldiers.
The villagers have been holding their own
with the troops sent against them and
others were being dispatched to the scene
of the fighting.
The Premier. Lord Salisbury, said such
words coming from such a high authority
were gratifying and would be widely read.
SLATJGHTEB OF REBELS
BY SIAMESE REGTJLABS
Government Attempts to Put Down
Insurrection by Giving No
Quarter.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 6.— According to
mall advices from the Orient an insurrec
tion Is In progress along the right bank"
of the Mekong River, in Siam. and all ef
forts of the Siamese to maintain order
have "been unavailing. Couriers reaching
Bangkok tell of heavy slaughter, the reg
ulars sent from Bangkok giving no quar
ter. Upward of 200 persons were shot after
one engagement and a number of others
were wounded, the regulars showing no
discrimination.
BRTTAnrS FTN-ANCIAI*
CONDITION IS SATISFACTORY
Lord Goschen Makes a Statement
That Greatly Pleases Premier
Salisbury.
LONDON. June 6.— Prior to> the reading
of the loan bill in the House of Lords to
day, Lord Goschen, Liberal, and a former
Chancellor of the Exchequer, announced
that he desired to say a few words on the
financial position of the country. Consols,
which were now paying only 2^4 per cent,
stood at 97. Before the conversion of
1S8S, 3 per cent consols stood at 101. If
they had been converted then they would
have been worth only 82, so that the stock
was really 15 points higher. After a cost
ly war and the borrowing of £139,000,000.
the country might well congratulate itself
on a situation which showed such econom
ic stamina.
Let every Republican have a voice in select
ing delegates in open caucus, in each precinct.
Even then the sang will have the best of It.
for they are organized and their work is laid
out for them by the boss. They know their
candidates and vote together aa a unit, and
unless those opposed to the push are also or
ganized the gang is almost sure to get some
of the delegates. But the open caucus is the
only way to get even a semblance of fairness
in selecting delegates. If the bosaes wish
peace let them go way back and* sit down and
let the people manage their own affairs. This
will bring peace and it is the only way to have
honorable political peace which will insure
victory for the Republican party.
It is a disagreeable fact that the party In
this county has such a management that It Is
the imperative duty of good citizens to organ
ize for the purpose of placing better men at
its head and putting the party on a higher
plane than the - present bosses are able to
reach. '
In reply to this last onslaught, Thomp
son attacks the bosses and their method*.
He eays:
C. S. Mtlnes, the editor of the Times,
again attacked J. F. Thompson In a
scathing editorial this morning 1 .
The suit of Thompson against Bull,
Campbell and Monroe to enjoin them from
sending to Washington his resignation of
the receivership will be heard on Mon
day. It. is said that should Thompson win
charges will be preferred In "Washington
to accomplish his removal. The investi
gation into the charges made against S.
A: Campbell, Collector of the Port, is pro
ceeding before the Government official
behind closed doors, one witness at a time
being examined by the officer himself.
EUREKA. June 6.— Hotter waxes the
Humboldt County political feud. Each
faction is bitterly assailing the other
through the columns of the Times and
Standard respectively. The efforts of the
peacemakers, who believe the Republican
cause will be injured if the fight continue
in It3 present • ferocity, have been Inef
fectual to bring about any kind of recon
ciliation. Both sides declare they will
not consider any proposition for an ad
justment of the difficulty. They say it is
a light to the bitter end. Each faction
will strive for control of the county con
vention, and the war promises to con
tinue until the have met.
Editor Thompson now accuses Camp
bell of offering $50 to Thomas McGeorge,
a former employe of the Standard, to use
his keys to gain entrance- to the news
paper office and ransack Thompson's pri
vate papers for an imaginary document.
Thompson names McGeorge as his in
formant. McGeorge denies that Camp
bell ever approached him and declares
that Thompson has deliberately published
a lie.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It Is known now that the fugitive slept
on "Wednesday night in Kindred's Hotel,
Tokeland, and stayed there until 3 o'clock
Thursday afternoon. Before departing he
purchased $3 worth of canned goods and
j crackers at Fisher's store. In twenty
five minutes after his departure the stage
from Westport arrived, bringing- the news
'that he was wanted. Eight officers, be
sides many citizens, are now engaged in
the search for him.
Mrs. Underwood will be brought to the
King County Jail Immediately by one of
Sheriff Cudihee's deputies. She is at
present under guard in the Marshall home
at Aberdeen.
He Informed the Indian that men were
after him and that he would never be
taken alive.
SEATTLE, June 7.— Paul Underwood
had not been captured up to an early hour
last night* though the authorities are con
fident that he cannot escape them. A .mes
sage received from Sheriff Cudihee last
evening was to the effect that the man
wanted for the murder of his three
wceks-old baby at Ballaxd is believed to
be hidden in a mountain pocket near
Tokes Point and probably will be taken
before many hours have passed.
A special to the Post-Intelligencer from
South Bend received shortly Oefore mid
night, says Sheriff Roner returned to that
place last evening from a fruitless search
of the country about Tokeland. The
young man who crossed the river at Riv
erside was not Underwood. Sheriff Huff
is still at Tokeland. As no boats are
missing from that point it is believed
Underwood could not have crossed the
bay to Bruceport.
At Ocosta on Tuesday night Underwood
cut the telegraph wires leading to Aber
deen, where Sheriff Cudihee was stationed,
and then struck out for Tokeland. He
hired an Indian to row him across a small
inlet on Thursday night, and is believed
to be working his way slowly around
from South Bend.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, June 6. — Several strikes are
imminent in Manila, the employers having
rr fused the demand of 30 per cent increase
in wapes by the workmen.
Strikes Imminent in Manila.
DEMOCRATS IN HOUSE
OPPOSE CABLE BELX
Declaration Made That They Cannot
Support the Measure and Main
tain Consistency.
"WASHINGTON, June 6.— Friends of the
Government Pacific cable bill lost hope
to-day when It became known that al
most the entire Democratic party In tho
House had finally decided to oppose the
rritasure. The leading Democrats have
takf-n the stand that the party could not
consistently support an American cable to
the Philippines and at the same time so
strenuously oppose American control.
Another "disappointment to the friends
af the bill is the postponement of consid
eration for a • wrtfek at least, at the re
jueFt of Representatives Hepburn of
Iowa and Sherman cl New York, who
an- obliged to be out of the city.
Battle Certain When the
Posses Overtake
Underwood.
Humboldt Republican
-i Factions Are Still at
Loggerheads.
It Is understood that the reintroduction
of this bill is in pursuance- of the recent
action of the Democratic Congressional
Committee In naming?, a. special commit
tee of seven members to devise means for
making the trust question one of the fore
most issues in the coming campaign.
It amends the Sherman act by making
more stringent restrictions against con
tracts and combinations In restraint of
trade; givesa/chil right of action to any
one injurecrin any way by such a com
bination; forbids the use of the malls in
furtherance of the business of a com
bine, and provides for prosecuting those
who ship" trust-made goods from State
to State.
"WASHINGTON, June 6.—Representa
tive Richardson of Tennessee, the Dem
ocratic floor leader, to-day introduced the
bill reviving the trust bill which passed
the House during the- Fifty-sixth Con
gress and failed in the Senate.
Among those presented In the; dlplo=
matic circle were Mrs. Montgomery Sears
of Boston and Miss Ellen Roosevelt of
New York. The Americans presented in
the general circle were Miss Ruth Hoe
of New York. Miss Elizabeth "Warder of
Washington, Miss Elfrida Roosevelt of
New York. Mrs. W. C. Endlcott of Bos
ton and Mrs. Ronalds.
The costumes of the guests were moro
brilliant to-night, If this were possible,
than at the previous courts, while va
riety was added to the scene by the nu-.
merous gorgeously clad Indian Princes,
whose Jewels surpassed those of most of
the ladles.
The scene within, however, was unus
ually brilliant. His Majesty's body-guard
of gentlemen-at-arms was on duty in the
state apartments, the yeomen of the
guard were on duty within the palace,
and a guard of honor selected from the
Irish guard wag stationed in the quad
rangle.
LONDON, June 6.— King Edward and
Queen Alexandra held the fourth, court of
the season at Buckingham, Palace to
night. Unfortunately, as upon the three
previous occasions when court was held,
rain and cold wind marred the spectacle
for the crowd which had assembled out
side the gates.
FUGITIVE SAYS
HE WILL FIGHT
Sailor Sharks Give Bail.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday admitted Thomas Murray
and Thomas Lyons to ball in bonds of $500
each pending their examination on
charges of having attempted to entice
sailors off the British ship Stronsa be
fore the vessel had been twenty-four
hours in port.
New Measure Is Intro
duced by House Dem
ocratic Leader.
Dusky Potentates At
tend King Edward's
Reception.
The will of Mrs. Mary Caldwell was
filed for probate yesterday. She leaves an
estate valued at several thousand dollars,
with the exception of a few small be
quests, to Mrs. Kate Colreavy of Cool
gr.ardie, Australia. She provides that $1000
shall be set aside to defray, the expenses
of her burial and bequeaths the Youths'
Directory J200, St. Vincent's School $300
and St. Patrick's Church $100.
Mrs. Caldwell's Will Filed.
INDIA'S PRINCES
SHINE AT COURT
Girl Who Was Kidnaped Four Years
Ago Arrives at Her Cincin
nati Home.
CINCINNATI. June 6.— Margaret Tay
lor, who -was kidnaped from this city
over four years ago, arrived here to-day,
accompanied by ner parents and her
brother Edward, aged 3 years, whom aha
never had seen until they met la New
York this week.
When the party reached their home the
neighbors gave them an ovation. Inter
est here now centers in the extradition
of the aunt, Clara Taylor, from Italy,
and the application at Columbus for the
pardon of the grandmother and Miss
Frances Taylor, another aunt.
FRIENDS GIVE WELCOME
TO MARGARET TAYLOR
BAD OUTLOOK
FOR A TRUCE
EMPORIA, Kans., June 6.— Six Santa
Fe trains are stalled here to-nieht by
floods in the Cottonwood" and Neosho
rivers regions. The Neosho River, which
usually carries four feet of water, now
has twenty-five and on some parts of the
Santa Fe the river is five miles wide. The
Cottonwood River is three miles wide.
SALINA, Kans., June 6.— Tha high
water here has resulted in two drownings.
Last night Joe Bass, a farm hand, at
tempted to wade through a slough, when
he was drawn under by the current. His
body was found In a cornfield. This
morning L. R. McDowell slipped from his
horse while crossing a cuiek and was
drowned. The Smoky Hill Kiver here Is
ten feet above Its usual height.
MITCHELL, S. D., June 6.— The greatest
storm that has visited this section for
years descended on Mitchell early to-day-
A violent windstorm was followed by rain
that fell in torrents for an hour and tha
streets were turned into rivers. Prac
tically every basement on Main street is
full of water, doing immense damage to
stocks. In many residences the water
stands even with the floors. Seven Inches
of water fell during the hour. Hundreds
of trees were blown down and many build
ings were more or less damaged. Tele
phone and telegraph lines were badly
crippled. The damagra done is heavy.
DES MOINES. la., June 6.-CentraI
Iowa suffered last night from one of the
severest rainstorms experienced In years.
Damage was done to highways, railroad
tracks and buildings as well as to the
growing crops. Corn In many places was
washed out. Webster City reports a high
wind following the rain. The Baptist
church there was struck by lightning and
the steeple split from top to bottom.
Mitchellville reports that the corn planted
on the slopes was washed away and will
require replanting.
Families in the lowlands of this city
were warned Beveral hours before the
flood reached here and were able to get
to places of safety, but did not have time
to remove their belongings. No casualties
have yet been reported, but it is feared
there has been loss of life. The water in
Indian Creek was still rising at noon to
day. A great number of livestock were
caught in the flood, and are being carried
away.
BEATRICE, Nebr., June 6.— A cloud
burst struck the town of Cortland, on
the Union Pacific, late yesterday, doing
much damage. A foot of water fell in
three hours. In Cortland, Princeton and
Pickrell basements of dwellings and
stores were flooded, doing great damage.
Crops In a great many places were com
pletely washed away. . S'. ...•:
The flood caused by the Cortland cloud
burst reached this city during the fore
noon and has practically cut off the city
from outside communication by railway.
All the bottom lands and residences along
the creek are under water. There is eight
feet of. water In the Union Pacific round
house and a quarter of a mile of track is
reported washed out between this city and
Cortland. Nearly all of the Union Pa
cific tracks between this city and Pick
rell are under water and trains aro un
able to proceed either way.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.ST. KITTS, B. W. I." June 6.— Frequent
aud exceedingly loud detonations were
heard here to-day, indicating a renewal of
volcanic activity in Martinique.
FORT DE FRANCE, Island of Marti
nique, June 6, 10:15 a. m.— A volcanic out
burst from Mont Pelee to-day resulted in
the formation of a heavy cloud, similar
to that of May 20 last, though it was not
so dense. No stones fell, and when tho
cloud had spread over Fort do France a
half-hour later there was no panic. It is
noted at Fort de France that the volcanic
outbursts coincide with the changes of
the moon.
KINGSTOWN, St. Vincent, June 4.—Ves
sels leaving the island of Martinique have
experienced upheavals and agitations of
th6 sea, pointing to submarine eruptions
between Martinique and St. Lucia.
In the island of St. Vincent the fleecy
clouds which have been rising and
spreading In the direction of La Soufnere
since. May 16 and which have been mis
taken for tropical clouds have proved to
have been emitted from the crater of that
volcano. This, combined with renewed vi
brations in the fire zone, increased appre
hension that there might be another erup
tion of La Soufriere.
CRATERS IN SYMPATHY.
The eruptions at Martinique seem to re
lieve the St. Vincent volcano materially.
Connection between the two volcanoes is
indisputable, as every eruption In Mar
tinique is accompanied by seismic and at
mospheric disturbances here.
Edmond O." Hovey, assistant curator of
the American Museum of Natural His
tory; Dr. Thomas Augustus Jagger, as
sistant geologist of the United States
Geological Survey, and George C. Carter
are endeavoring to . ascend the eastern
side of La Soufriere. They are still wait
ing an opportunity to make the ascent.
QUEENSTOWN, June 6.— On the arrival
here to-day of the British ship Anarus,
from Portland, Or., January 3, her com
mander, Captain Henderson, reported that
on May 9, at 10 p. m.. in latitude 5 degrees
south, longitude 43 degrees west, a.terri
.ble vibration was felt throughout the ves
sel, the shocks making it appear as if the
ship was bumping on rocks. At the same
\time the sea 'was violently agitated and
the crew was in a state of semi-panic.
The phenomena lasted a half-minute. It
was not until after relating his experi
ence that Captain Henderson heard of
the Martinique catastrophe.
LONDON, June C— In connection with
the Martinique disaster letters arriving
here describe the negroes of that island
as holding orgies because "the whites are
; all dead. The negroes say they have
elected a negro governor, who counte
nances all exoesSes. Many of them ¦ are
said to have enriched themselves by'loot
ing, j
ERUPTIONS IN AiLASKA.
TACOMA, June 6. — While Redoubt and
Blackburn have been most active as re
gards recent volcanic eruptions in Alaska
two other peaks In the Cook Inlet section
have been throwing^ off smoke and steam
in greater or less volume for several
months. • They are Mount Illiamna and
Mount Augustine. Captain O. A. John
sen, master of the Alasxa Commercial
Company's steamer Bertha, says that
frequently all of the volcanoes are belch-
Ing at once. He says:
••Redoubt, though apparently subsiding,
is still active. When we were on the In
let, ten days ago, Redoubt, Illiamna and
Augustine were all smoking. Redoubt,
•when in greatest eruption, threw out
ashes on the windward side for a dis
tance of 200 miles. Latouch and Mon
tague Islands, that distance away, were
liberally covered with ashes. It is fre
quently the case, as I have observed from
the Bertha, that Redoubt, Illiamna and
Augustine are all throwing off smoke and
steam at once.
"Augustine, to my notion, Is by far the
most interesting In volcanic phenomena. It
is a mountain almost round and proba
bly thirty miles in circumference at the
base, gradually tapering to a height of
perhaps 6000 feet above sea level. It sits
gracefully in Kamchatka Bay, which is
really the entrance to Illiamna Bay. The
towering peak is not unlike a great chim
ney in appearance when It is emitting
smoke." l .
The conservatory shall be under the
control of a general Board of Regents
consisting of the President of the United
States, the President of the Sen
ate, the Speaker of the House of Rep
resentatives, the chairman of the Senate
Committee on Education and Labor and
the chairman of the Committee on Educa
tion of the House of Representatives, to
gether with seven other citizens to be se
lected by the President, who shall have
full power to 6elect a site and purchase
or accept by gift the necessary grounds
for the purposes of the conservatory
They shall have the power to employ a
general director, who ehall have full con
trol of the conservator}'.
Pupils applying for admission shall pas3
an examination, and upon obtaining the
required percentage and being* of good
moral character and paying thelentranee
fee of $50 will be entitled to admission
Upon final graduation they will receive
conservatory diplomas.
The fourth branch, to be located In or
about San Francisco, is to consist of thir
ty study-rooms, capable of accommodat
ing fifty pupils in each, for Instruction In
music, and ten studios for art pupils, to
gether with a general assembly or concert
room and art gallery, to which pupils will
be entitled to attend from Montana, Wyo
ming, Colorado, New Mexico. Arizona.
Utah, Idaho. Washington, Oregon, Ne
vada, California, Hawaii, Alaska and the
Philippines.
Mayor Schmitz has received a copy of a
proposed bill to establish a national con
servatory of music and art for the educa
tion of advanced pupils in music and all
Its branches, vocal and instrumental, as
well as painting, drawing and etching.
The bill has been introduced in tha
United States Senate. The bill was read
twice and referred to the Committee on
Education and Labor. Mayor Schmitz In
tends to call the attention of labor unions
and other Interested organizations to the
bill to the end that their influence may
be exerted to secure its passage.
The bill provides that the conservatory
is to be divided into four departments of
equal standard, one to be located in the
District of Columbia, one in New York
one in Illinois and one in California. It
shall be maintained to educate pupils in
instrumental and vocal music, and also
6uch studies that are akin as the Boari
of Regents may prescribe.
Only two members of the board of di
rectors were absent from the meeting
last night. Just before adjourning the
board passed a resolution of condolence
on the death of Louis Sloss.
For the meetings next Wednesday-night
the following halls have been secured:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District — Occidental
Pavilion. 24U Third street.
Twenty-ninth — Music Hall," 929 Mission
street.
Thirtieth— Belvedere Hall. 105 Ninth street.'
* Thirty-first — Druids' Hall, Fourteenth and
Folsom streets.
Thirty-second — Maennerbund Hall, J Twenty-,
fourth street and Potrero avenue.
Thirty-third— Falrmount Hall, 28 Preclta'
avenue and Mission street.
Thirty-fourth— Twin Peaks Hall. Seven
teenth and Noe streets.
Thirty-fifth — Announcement later. 5'
Thirty-sixth — Harmony Hall, 1749 Mission
street.
Thirty-seventh — Devlsadero Hall. 317 Devls
ad>ro street, between Oak and Page.
Thirty-eighth— Announcement later.
Thirty-ninth — Northeast corner of Central
avenue and Post street.
Fortieth — Bear Club Hall, southwest corner
of Post and Flllmore streets.
Forty-first — Announcement later.
Forty-second— Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary
street.
Forty-third — Balboa Hall, Native Sons' bulld-
I Ing, 415 .Mason street.
Forty-fourth — Universal Hall. 102 CFarrell
streets northwest corner of Stockton.'
Forty-fifth — Washington-square Hall, south
west corner of Stockton and Union streets.
PLACES OF MEETING.
Subsequently there will be selected
executive committees in each district con
sisting of one member from each pre
cinit. The formation of these commit
tees will mean the completion of the most
elaborate campaign plan ever devised In
this city. The executive committee, dur
ing the intervals between the meetings of
the club, will be vested with power to act
in the name of the club. When fully or
ganized the committee, taken together,
will consist of 316 members.
The executive committees of all the dis
tricts shall come together at designated
times in general meetings, and while act
ing in such joint meetings shall be known
as the Central Committee of the Repub
lican Primary League.
There shall also be an advisory com
mittee of eighteen, consisting of one mem
ber selected from the executive commit
tee of each district. This committee will
meet from time to time with the board
of directors for the purpose of taking
concerted action in the interest of the
Republican party. The formation of the
committees In the districts and the joint
meetings of the advisory committee and
the board of directors will thus put all
portions of the league in constant touch
with each other and in continuous co
operation.
The board of directors desires' that the
league will be so organized that every
Republican shall have a voice in its man
agement. , In each of the eighteen As
sembly districts of the city there will be
established a Central Republican j Club.
The officers of each club shall be a presi
dent, two vice presidents, a secretary,'
treasurer and sergeant-at-arms. The offi
cers of the club will be selected at the
first meeting, Wednesday, June 11.
In order that no one might harbor ttie
least doubt as to the policy of the league,
the directors decided to again announce
its position. In unequivocal terms it was
declared that in the coming campaigns,
as in the past, the league will stand for
decency and cleanliness in political af
fairs, and that it is unalterably opposed
to the domination and the control of the
Republican party by Burns, Crimmins or
Kelly or any other boss. The policy of
the league, will be anti-boss in every re
spect. The league will also remain un
pledged for or against any candidate for
office. '
CENTRAL REPUBLICAN CLUBS.
The board of directors of the Republican
Primary League met last night at the
headquarters on Geary street to formu
late a plan of campaign for the approach
ing State and municipal elections. It was
decided- to organize Republican clubs next
Wednesday night in every Assembly dis
trict of the city, under the auspices of the
league. To these organization meetings
all Republicans who favor an honest
primary and a clean administration of the
affairs of the government are cordially
invited to attend. A hall has been se
cured in each district and the' meetings
will open at 8 o'clock. The formation of
these clubs, one in each district, will
prove in all probability the most exten
sive undertaking that has ever been at
tempted in the fight for pure politics in
this city. .
Affidavits have been prepared at the
request of the stockyards officers, who
professed to discredit the statement that
the men lost their positions for any such
cause. •
The question whether the issue will be
solved without resorting 1 to extreme meas
ures will be decided to-morrow, when
Donnelly is to meet the officers of the
stockyards company and present proof
that the seventeen members of the stock
yards employes' union were discharged
because they entered the union.
The issue was squarely made at a con
ference to-night between Michael Don
nelly, president of the Butchers' and
Meat Cutters' Union of North America
and A. G. Leonard, general manager of
the stockyards.
CHICAGO, June 6.— Unless the Union
Stock Yards Company shall agree to re
instate seventeen cattle-drivera who, it
is said, were discharged last Tuesday be
cause they were union men. the 5000 but
chers and meat cutters at the packing
houses and 700 stockyard employes will
not go to work Monday morning.
While Sheriff Rogers was busy to-day
summoning tho venire for the grand
jury, which has been called to investi
gate the charges made against County
Assessor Henry P. Dalton and G. B. Dan
iels, manager of the Oakland 'Enquirer,'
fresh chapters were added, to the story of
the Oakes-Stedman affidavits by the ac
cused official and the newspaper pub
lisher.
Now comes George A. Oakes with an
other athdavit, which recites and gives an
explanation from the Haywards post
master concerning the circumstances un
der which he maae the original statemenc
under oath,: which is coupled with that
of Russel Stedman as the basis for the
demand Attorney Emil Nusbaumer made
tor Dalton's and Daniels" arrest.
In this second affidavit, which was
made public to-night, Oakes declares
that ha was coerced into making his orig
inal statement about orders for books and
rolls and check transactions. He asserts
that Nusbaumer and Frank J. Moffltt urg
ed him into making the affidavit, after he
had been shown photographic copies of
the Lanktree' checks and the Stedman
affidavit in the original. Oakes says he
became alarmed because Nusbaumer .and
Moffltt told him the 1 books and rolls were
not in the Assessor's office, and he feit
he was in a serious position and liable to
be arrested for felony.
That position, it may be explained, was
due to the fact that Oakes had sworn to
the correctness of the claims which were
paid by the county for- the thirty mort
gage books and seventy-five working as
, eessment rolls Stedman has sworn were
never made nor delivered^
NUSBAUMER ON THE PHONE.
Oakes affidavit is as follows: t .
Georee A.' Oakes. beinjc sworn, denoses and
says upon his oath, relative to the circum
stances of his making an afndavit before Emil
Nusbaumer, notary public, on tho 1st of June,
the present month, concerning the order given
him by H. P. Dalton, County Assessor, for the
making of thirty mortgage assessment books
and seventy-five working rolls for the Assess
or's office and concerning the negotiating of
tho orders for said books and working rolls,
which were negotiated through J. B. Lanktree,
that the facts and circumstances ot his making
said affidavit are as follows: On Saturday
evening the 3\«t of May. affiant having been
at San Francisto during the day. returned to
his home at HaVwards and upon his arrival
lie called at the "Villa in Haywards, that
being the place formerly kept by his father
and being now the "central office of the tele
phone at Haywards, after 8 o'clock- In the
evening; there he was informed by the man
cger of the place that a gentleman had been
there and had left a request that affiant call
up telephone in Oakland, the number of which
was given; affiant did call up the number and
was answered, and thereupon he asked who it
was that had answered the call and the reply
was that It was Emil Nusbaumer; affiant then
ticked what was wanted and Nusbaumer an
swered that he wanted to see affiant in Oak
land; that thereupon an appointment was
made over the telephone for a meeting between
affiant and Nusbaumer for the next day (Sun
day), the 1st instant, at 10 o'clock in the
forenoon, the meeting to be at the office of
Reed &. Nusbaumer.
After making this appointment affiant went
to his house and there his wife Informed him
that a gentleman named Hanson had called
to see him and had been around there most of
tne day looking for him.
A BREST THREATENED.
The next morning affiant came, in accord
ance with the appointment, to. Oakland and
Ment Immediately : to the offip© of Reed &
Nusbaumer and met there Emil Nusbaumer,
no person else being tnere. 'Nusbaumer Im
mediately opened the subject of his object In
calling affiant to Oakland by saying that af
fiant had placed himself In a very serious posi
tion in connection with the matter of the
order for the books and the negotiating of it
and the payment of It by the county; that he
had In' his possession the original or photo
graphic copies of the bills or orders as they
passed the Board of Supervisors, with the
names of. the Finance Committee of the Super
visors who "had. approved them; also that he
liad photographic copies of. the checks of J. B.
Lanktree. which had been received by affiant '
from Lanktree on negotiating said orders, said
checks being respectively for $000 and $DOU;
and he exhibited to affiant the said photo
graphic copies of the checks and also tho affi
davit of R. B. Stedman concerning the same
matters. Ho said, tnat affiant was
liable to be arrested In connection with the
matter, but that affiant could save himself
by making: an affidavit concerning the facts.
Vffiant and Nusbaumer had considerable con
versation and then Mr. Nusbaumer stepped out
of the room, but In a short time returned
again Five or ten minutes later Frank J.
Moflltt came into the room. There were then
present Mr. Nusbaumer, Mr. Moffltt' and
¦ affiant Nusbaumer and Moffitt urged affiant
to make an affidavit. Affiant refused at first
end for a considerable time, and they said
that by his refusal to make an affidavit wculd
make it appear that he was guilty and that
t-e was liable to be arrested; Affiant rtated
to them that he had done nothing wron? In
the matter; that he could see nothing in his
conduct for which he should be arrested.
AITIANT IS THREATENED.
Moffltt said that the books and rolls were
not in the Assessors office and that there was
no doubt of it. and that that circumstance
made affiant liable criminally; and Nusbaumer
Sonflrmed that statement very strongly. Nat
urally affiant became alarmed and felt that ho
really was in a very serious position and liable,
to be arrested for felony. Up to the beginning
of the interview with Nusbaumer affiant had
never heard, nor had an Intimation that the
books and rolls were^not In the Assessor's or
flce- that he was not satisfied that they were
not 'there even upon Mr. Isusbaumer's assur
ance; but Mr. Moffltt when he came in said
that he was absolutely positive and certain
that the books and rolls were not in the As
sessor's office and that there was no doubt
about it. Thereupon affiant supposing that the
information of Moffltt and Nusbaumer con
cerning the books and rolls was correct/and!
feeling himself to be thereby placed In a very
serious criminal position, he made the affidavit
before Mr. Nusbaumer. as a notary public,
but before he signed tho affidavit Mr. Nusl
baumer assured him that they were not going
to use It. but that the making of it was neces
sary for affiant's protection. Affiant believed
what they told him to be true, still he rather
objected to sign Ins. and Nusbaumer said. "Oh,
«t<*n It" and at last affiant did so. *
° <i -GEO. A. OAKES
, Subscribed and sworn to be foreme this, the
5th day of June, 1902. SARAH M. STEELB,.
Notary Public in and for the County of Ala
meda State of California.
[Seal] \ ¦
BLAMES WATER COMPANY.
Manager Daniels to-night issued the
following: , '¦_','' . - • )
I cannot add to my interview given the other
day to the newspapers. This affidavit o! Oakis
ppeaks for Itself. I stated In that interview
That this matter can be traced directly to the
water company. The public Is : familiar with
the fight we have made for the people of Oak
land against this grasping corporation. The affi
davit of Oakes conclusively' shows what Is be
hind this malicious attack upon Mr. Dalton
ai I d t mteht "not be amiss to say that ' Moffitt is
reputed to be the political manager of the Con?
tra Costa Water Company; Nusbaumer Is
the confidential legal and political adviser of Mr
Dingee and the water company; that Hanson is
a confidential clerk In the water company's
'office. Readlnc Mr. Oakes' affidavit In tho
light of this knowledre.of the Identity of the
people who engineered the job. it W inf b e very
evident to the people that I was correct when
I stated two days ago that this waa a still fur
ther attempt on the part of the water company
to bulldoze the County Assessor and to throw
discredit upon th<* enquirer.
And It Is safe torthepubllc to hold In abey
ance its judgment In any matter "which eman
ates, as this one does, from guch a source.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 6.
TRUST ISSUE
ASSUMES FORM
Since Shear has been in San Francisco
he has stopped at the Golden West hotel
and has been passing as a salesman for
safes.
Shear, who is a well dressed man about
fifty years of age, says he has been in
this city about a month, coming her©
from Monterey. He admitted making his
headquarters at Denver for the past ten
months, and says he collected some money
for a firm of safe dealers by whom he
was employed which he converted to his
own use. He denied that he had been in
Boston for four years past, and said the
circulars could not refer to him. although
engravings of his own photograph con
fronted him. Under persistent question-
Ing he explained an entry in Plnkerton's
criminal record, accompanied by a photo
graph of liimself, giving his occupation
as a forger and regarding his arrest In
1893. by saying that he knew the roan re
ferred to and that he bore considerable
resemblance to him, but he. denied any
connection with the crime.
Leroy C. Shear, who is said by the
police to be one of the most noted forgers
in the country, was arreste/i on Market
gin-et last night about 10 o'clock by Detec
tives McMahon, Dinan and Wren. His
latest exploit in his particular line was
performed In Denver under the name of
Gay Moore, and it was on telegraphic ad
vices from that city that he was arrested.
Investigation by the police disclosed that
the prisoner is wanted under his real
name in Boston for forgery alleged to
have been committed March 4, 1902. Pho
tographs and measurements sent out by
the Boston department leave no question
of his identity.
Captain of Detectives Martin says the
prisoner is wanted in various cities of
the United States under the aliases of
Charles R. Clark. Frank Mallory. W. M..
Davis. C. M. Watbers and H. Brassington,
under which last r.ame he was known in
San Francisco. On the prisoner's person
when he was arrested was found a bun
dle of blank checks on the Bank of Cal
ifornia, i ¦
Rising Waters Sweep Over
the Streets in Many
t'^ Cities.
Fort de France Residents
x Witnesses of a Great
Outburst
Has a Long Criminal Record
and Is Known Under
Many Aliases.
Mayor Schmitz Receives a
Copy and Will Urge Its
Passage.
Says Nusbaumer and Moffltt
Said He Was in Danger
of JaiL V
Will Stand. Unequivocally
Against the Bosses Con
, .trolling Party.
Demand Made for Reinstate
ment of Discharged
Cattle Drivers.
Martinique's . Destroying
Volcano Renews
Activity.
Senate Bill Provides for
Government Con
servatory.
Declares Fear of Arrest
Caused Him to Give
Statement.
Pear That Lives Have
Been Lost in Ne
braska Storm.
Leroy C. Shear Arrested
on Advice of Denver
Authorities.
Chicago Packers Now
Threatened With a
Second Strike.
Primary League . Pre
pares Plan for the
Coming pampaign.
NATION TO AID
MUSIC AND ART
YARD EMPLOYES
MAY QUIT WORK
FAMILIES FLEE
FROM THE FLOOD
RUINING PELEE
THUNDERS AGAIN
DISTRICT GLOBS
TO BE ORGANIZED
OAKES EXPLAINS
ABOUT AFFIDAVIT
NOTED FORGER
IS IN THE TOILS
THE SAN ' FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.
NEW "WESTERN HOTEL
J C Johnson & w « v 9 r^
Mrs 8 M Wood. "N.\
At. Herbold. Ohio
B B Fenton. Ohio
A O Miller, La
G W Michael, Healdsl
F Bush, Nebr
J Holden. Kans City
E Cole. Ky "
M C, Willis. Chicago
E P Powell. Ariz
G Cu minings, . L Ang
C M Phillips, L Ang
J W Marr. Boston
G D Fantam. L. An* '
F X. Abbott." Antioch ¦';
F B lenders, N T ¦
R.W Jackson, t, Ang.
A' J Bcofleld, L Ang
C E Blanchard, Coviru
JM Given. Iowa
M L.Newton. Ill
E H Malcom, Boston
O T^Settlemeyer. Colo
k A . nnb ™ster, Angel Is
O Armbruster. Buffalo
C Gross, Buffalo
A West. Vallejo
J Adams., Vallejo
E Muddenman, Vallejo
Miss K Adams, ( Vallejo
JMcAnlnch, Seattle
W Curry. Sauaallto
Sutheven. Ill ¦ .
8 Hunt & w, Mich
W "White, Iowa \
Edger, Transvaal ' .
M Nathan, Bacto <
H Soloman. Mo
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Gunning was o,ne of the most trusted
men in thlsocity. At the time of his dis
appearance' he had "been" suffering, from
insomnia. Searching 1 ' parties spent sev
eral days in the surrounding country, but
failed to locate the missing man. .. .
REDWOOD CITY", June 6.— The mystery
surrounding the disappearance of Night
Watchman John Gunn'ngr of this city,
who has been missing for the past ten
days, was cleared to-night -by the finding
of his body In an unfrequented -canyon
in the hills a few miles west of Redwood
City. The body was discovered by two
Stanford students, who were on a scien
tific camping trip.
Gunning and his dog lay dose together,
the dog evidently having been shot by its
maater, who then sent, a bullet Into his
own head, and died with his revolver still
In his hand. The body was in an. almost
inaccessible place and after great labor
was brought out to the traveled road.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLEASANTON ELOPEBS ,
CAUGHT IN SAN JOSE
Miss, deal's Father, It Is Now Said,
"Will Give His Consent to
the Marriage.
SAN JOSE, June 6.— The two youthful
lovers, Stella Neal and Frank Viada, who
eloped from Pleasanton yesterday, were
arrested hero this evening in the Uni
versal restaurant. The girl, who is rather
pretty, has Just passed her fourteenth
year and the boy is but 19. They arrived
here yesterday and went at once to the
County Clerk's office and tried to obtain
a license, but this was refused them, be
cause of their ace. . <
Papa Neal and a cons tabla arrived this
morning. Although the couple were seen
hero last evening the officers were unable
to locate them 'until to-night. There was
an affecting scene between Neal and his
daughter when they met. To-night the
girl Is being zealously guarded, and the
young couple will be taken back to Pleas
anton to-morrow. Mr. Neal la said to
have become reconciled and will give his
consent, to the marriage.
Fate of John Gunning
of Redwood City
Is Learned. H^
Their predicament was seen by the look,
out on board the McCulloch. The ship's
smallboat with two men was sent to the
rescue and succeeded In taking the couple
aboard. The heavy sea and - wind, i how
ever, were too much for the sailors, and
little headway was .made toward; land.
Finally the McCulloch's officer ordered
the ship's lifeboat to be lowered, and with
six men and an ensign went to the rescue
of the two small craft. , After a line was
made fast the young couple and their res
cuers were towed back Into port and safe
ly landed.
When in the choppy sea the craft keeled
over and Miss Bettincourt was' thrown
upon the gunwale. In rescuing her from
falling overboard Williams lost one oar
and was at the mercy of the water and
the. tide. £$g8Se£N!3PJ*MjHitiB
Miss Bettlncourt and Williams, went
rowing about 1 o'clock in the afternoon.
The wind was high and there, was. a
heavy sea running. Before the 'oarsman
realized his danger the boat was being
carried out toward Raccoon Straits.
9
POSTUM CEBEAL.
LITTLE RED DEVILS.
Mind Makes Peculiar Things.
Coffee almcst kills some people before
they are willing to admit that coffee is
really the cause of the trouble. Tet it is
easy to break off the habit providing
Postum Coffee, well boiled, Is served In
Its place.
A lady says: "After coffee drinking had
become a habit with me I experienced a
eense of faintness In the stomach with
lassitude and dullness of the mind. This
was accompanied with severe pains in
the region of my liver.
"Gradually my health failed and I be-
came thin and a nervous wreck, having
Elck headaches every day. Then Insom-
r.ia set in- and I suffered for four years
cuch torments as those who have been
through the experience know of. At night
I would grow bo nervous over the con-
tinual distress in my stomach that I
would imagine hundreds of little red
devils had strings attached to the back of
my stomach and were trying to pull it
out. I was compelled, at times, to take
laudanum to relieve the distress and
cramps.
"This condition lasted with some varia-
tion for about three years. I tried vari-
ous physicians and finally was advised
to try leaving off coffee; this I thought
cculd not be done. I was finally Induced
to give up coffee and use Postum and I
began to get well.
"When I recovered and thought I was
well enough to go back to coffee again I
tried it, but after ueing it a short time
the old stomach trouble came back and I
threw the balance of the coffee in the
etove. There has never been a grain of
the old-fashioned coS«o in the house
tii.ee and never will be as long as I am
running it.
"Postum Coffee Is delicious when made
according to directions and served hot,
with good cream and some , sugar. The
whole family use it and enjoy fit greatly.
I have gained 40 pounds in the last year
and my nerves are fast becoming a thing
of the past. I sleep perfectly all night
and am a well woman, thanks to Post-
tim." Name given by Postum Co., Battle
Creek. Mich.\ - ¦
BRIG WHICH RECENTLY WENT ASHORE ON THE MEXICAN COAST. SHE HAS SINCE BEEN FLOATED, AND
ALTHOUGH OBLIGED TO PUT INTO GUAYMAS IN A LEAKING CONDITION IS NOW ON HER WAY TO
THIS PORT.
SATURDAY. JUNE 7.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
James Duff, a plasterer, residing In the
Park House, at the intersection of Twen
ty-fourth and Mission streets, died sud
denly yesterday of^ supposedly natural
causes. He was about 65 years of age,
married and a native of Scotland. The
body was. .taken to the Morgue.
James Duff Dies Suddenly.
• The Chamber of Commerce received a
telegram from the like organization, in
San. Lrtego yesterday offering congratula
tions for the stand that has been taken
by local commercial men in the canal
controversy. The communication states
that any other than the Nicaragua
scheme only means delay.
"Wants Nicaraguan Canal.
F. A. Dodge, convicted by a jury in
Judge Lawlor's court on a charge of sim
pie assault, was fined $150 yesterday,
which was paid into court. Dodge was a
shareholder in the Perry Nail Extracting
Company, and ' during a meeting at 36
Geary street on March 12 he shot at Jo
seph R. Young, the secretary.
Bodge Escapes With a Pine.
The Chamber of Commerce! is in re
ceipt of a. copy of a letter from Henry
Miller. United States Consul at New
chwang, China, to a prominent merchant
of Seattle, in which the outlook for Amer
ican trade, in Manchuria is discussed at
length. The Consul states that there is a
fine opening for an agency for American
goods at Dalny or Port Arthur. A par
tial list of products and manufactures
suited to the trade is also given.
Tells of Trade Conditions.
The Board of Fish Commissioners which
consists of H. W. Keller, W. W. Van Ars
dale and W. E. Gerber, held its semi
annual meeting in the Mills building yes
terday. It was decided to apportion the
trout and black bass fry, of which there
are large quantities on hand, somewhat
differently than heretofore and several
new streams will be benefited thereby.
More attention will be given in the future
to the propagation of Eastern brook trout.
It has been found that they thrive won
derfully in small streams in the higher
localities. .
Fish. Commissioners Meet.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:29
Moon sets 8:54 p. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives . the 'last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except v/hen a minus ( — )
rign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the chart3. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Officer Hooper of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals arrested
J. ' Wassercrook', a second-hand furniture
dealer,- yesterday for abusing- the horse of
R.H. Hoag- of 2307 Van Ness avenue.
Hoag went East two weeks ago leaving
his horse in the- hands of Wassercrook.
The last named is alleged to have nearly
killed the animal by abuse since that time.
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
We are in a position and have the nec
essary materials for framing all style pic
tures with perfect artistic harmony, and
at the lowest prices. We are picture
framers in the true sense of the word,
creators of real artistic wall hangings,
and are painstaking in the treatment of
every picture for the best possible re
sults. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st.*
To the Lovers of Art.
William Clack, saloon-keeper, Hafght
and Gough streets, reported to the police
yesterday thatan attempt had been made
to break into his saloon between 2 and 6
o'clock yesterday morning. Two panels
Ir. the side door on Gough street had been
broken in the attempt. Theodore Pen
thers, 1819 Sutter street, also reported that
an attempt had been made early yester
day morning to enter his house by means
of a false key, which was broken Inside
the lock of the rear door.
Attempts at Burglary.
. John R. Armstrong, who says he is
president of the Golden Gate Mining Com
pany, appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday on two charge's of obtaining
money by false pretenses. After hearing
the testimony of B. Arnot and D. Gay,
the complaining witnesses, who alleged
that Armstrong got $25 from each on the
representation that he could obtain em
ployment for them in Nome, the Judge
held that as there was not any corrob
orative evidence the cases would be dis
missed. He was satisfied there were ear
marks of a flimflam game, and he thought
Armstrong I would be acting wisely and
justly in paying the money back, which
ho did. "
Armstrong Pays Money Back.
' The addition of Mrs. Hallldie's collec
tion of pictures, which are being exhibit
ed temporarily at the Institute, attracted
much attention. Mrs. Marcus Koshiand
also has a picture on view in the gallery.
It is "The Accident," by W. Geets, which
was purchased by Mrs. Koshiand in Mu
nich. The artist shows his ability as a
painter of, figures, his children being par
ticularly excellent and forming perhaps
the most interesting of the group that is
anxiously awaiting the action of a man
whose indecision as to effecting a rescue
adds to the dramatic treatment. The
frantic woman and the excited populace
are strongly pictured, and while there is
a presence of stiffness and a good deal
that is mechanical it Is a canvas t~at
must command respect. Another picture
that is being much talked about and en
joyed at the Institute is Jules Tavernler'3
"Lying in Wait." A number of the pic
tures have been rearranged and very good
judgment has been shown in this respect.
There was a large and fashionable at
tendance at the Hopkins Art . Institute
throughout yesterday, and as is usual on
free days the exhibition kept open until
10 o'clock in the evening.
Hopkins Art Institute.
The carpenters of the city will enjoy a
house-raising party to-morrow. Twenty
or more will meet at Ninth avenue and K
street at 8 o'clock and erect a home for
E. A. 'Johnson, a worthy member of the
craft. All mechanics desiring to aid in
the cause are privileged to report at- any
time during the day.
The San Francisco Labor Council met
last night and adopted various amend
ments to the constitution of that body.
The delegates from the Gas Workers' Un
ion were seated.
The meeting of the dissatisfied millmen,
who are anxious to secure a charter from
the brotherhood, will be watched with in
terest by all connected with the building
trades. Should It develop that the mill
men have the numerical strength to carry
out their purpose the cause of the broth
erhood will assume proportions against
which the Building Trades Council will
find it a hopeless task to battle. On the
other hand, should the millmen fail of
their purpose the Building Trades Council
will be in a position to dictate to the
mill owners, so that reprisals may follow.
Some of the millmen are confident that
after the end of the current month there
may be trouble In the mills, but the
brotherhood men declare, on the con
trary, that the danger exists only in tho
imagination of those to whom the wish is
father to the thought.
Carpenters' Union 1082 met last night
and received a report that the millwrights
themselves are divided upon the subject
of the brotherhood. Some of the men in
the Millwrights' Union are desirous of
Joining the brotherhood, while others fear
that by doing so they will be at outs with
the Building Trades Council. The stum
bling block sec-ma to be the working card
ot the carpenters, and the question now
is which card the master builders will
recognize after July 1. Should they de
cJde to recognize only the card of the
Building Trades Council and not that of
the brotherhood there must of necessity
be trouble. On the other hand, should
the contractors continue to remain neu
tral in the fight, as they have done in the
past, the danger of serious trouble among
the unions will have been averted.
This action is regarded as a decisive
blow aimed at the Building grades Coun
cil in its fight against the Brotherhood
of Carpenters. Its effect is likely to be
far-reaching, because it indicates that as
far as the millmen are concerned the af
filiated unions of the council are in open
rebellion against the council itself. That
this was caused by the orders issued dur
ing the fight of the carpenters, to affiliated
union men to quit jobs on which brother
hood men were employed is regarded by
the brotherhood men as certain. The men
who remained loyal to the brotherhood
are rejoicing over the outlook, which Is
full of promise of victory for them in
their battle for the constitutional rights
which they declare were not granted to
them by the constitution of the Building
Trades Council when a section was incor
porated therein depriving them of the
right to affiliate with no central body oth
er than i the Building Trades Council
itself.
The determination of many of the mlll
nien who were recently supended from
the Brotherhood of Carpenters and Join
ers to apply for reinstatement, for which
purpose a special meeting of the millme.i
has been called for this evening at 915^i
Market street, has spread consternation
in the ranks of the Building Trades Coun
cil. - :
May Take Action in Support
- of Carpenters of the
Brotherhood. I
Members of Suspended
Body to Hold Meet
ing To-Night.
UNION M1LLMEN
DEMAND CHARTER
FROM SEATTLE.
TWE8TIETH t ITU ! f COOK BOOKS
An additional charge of 20
cents to pay- ezpreisage will
be required from out of towa
subscribers ordering br mall.
A car-load of Cook Books
hnn Ja>t arrived from Chicago
and they are ready for distri
bution at the business office
of tbf > paper. ! All Call snb.
(criben are entitled to a copy
of this great Coolc Book at
the premium price of fifty
cents.
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U.; S. N., Mer-
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
The Japanese steamer America Maru sailed
yesterday for Hongkong via Honolulu* and
Yokohama with a general merchandise cargo
valued at $22o,820 exclusive of treasure, mani
fr-sted and destined as follows: For Japan,
$77,300; China. $136,329; Philippine Islands,
£11.917; East Indies, $476; Korea, $1260; Vladi
vostok, $8478. The following were the princi
pal exports:
To Japan— 510 bbls flour, 419,035 lbs nitrate
of soda. 23 cs and. 1056 gals wine. 4500 lbs
sugar, 2700 lbs split peas, 200 lbs raisins. 1395
lbs butter, :J71 lbs cheese. 160 lbs bread, 4923
lbs beans. 120 cs bottled beer, 302 cits bicycles
and parts, 15 cs canned goods, 2S6.386 lbs cot
ton, 8 cs flrugs, 4 cs dry goods, 125 lbs dried
fruit. 39 pkgs electrical eupplif-s, 307 pkgs gro
ceries and proi'isions. 150 lbs hops. 25 cs
liquorc. OS rolls leather. 32 bales ecrap leather
20.1S0 lbs malt, 12 pkgs machinery, 40 cs nails)
4O cs paste. 18 pkgs rubber goods, 778 cs soap,
r>45 kegs epikes, 570 bdls wire shorts, C25 bdls
wire, S cs whisky.
To Ch!n— S805 bbls flour, 1310 Ibe cheese. 3200
lbs codfish. 13,300 lbs coffee. 123 cs canned
roods. 100 cs bottled beer. C25 lbs dried <rult,
3 721 bales domestice. 13 pkgs drugs and sun
dries, 22 pkgs electrical supplies, 45 pkgs fresh
fruit, 809 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1724
p!gs lead, 1W lbs ham, 600 lbs lard, 402 bdls
iron rods. 120 pkgs machinery. 6000 lbs pearl
barley, r.TT.0 lbs Fait fish. 4185 lbs dried shrimps
1(<2 cs soap. 25 cs canned salmon, 188 cs sew-
Jng machines. 400 bdls scrap 6teel, 1923 gals
epirits 257 gals wine.
To Philippine Island— 1500 bbls flour, 196
os canned goods. 273 pkgs groceries and pro-
To London— lO.tCO ft lumber, 7C00 cs canned'
salmon. S50 cs canned fruit, 1 cs canned vege
tables.
To Peru— 33,518 ft lumber, 14,353 lbs tallow,
1200 lbs lard, 171 lbs tobacco, 15 cs saddlery,
8 drums sulphuric acid, 10 cs and 10 kegs sal
mon, 400 lbs dried fruit. 3390 ctls wheat, 10
cs canned goods, 5 pkgs groceries.
To Chile — 20 coils rope, 4 cs rubber_boctp.
To Hamburg — 772 gals wine, 3 pkgs machin
ery. 156 tks abalone shells.
To Ecuador — 1130 bbls flour. 620 gals wine,
C79 lbs millEtuITs. 20 cs coal oil, 30 bdla
brooms.
To Central America — 1712 bbls flour. 33 cs
canned goods, 9 pkgg groceries and provlsons,
9 pkgs hardware, 100 lbs nuts, 15 ctls pota
toes, 25 bdls paper, 2 cs paste, 250 lbs raisins,
8 cs canned salmon, 710 lbs, spices, 300 reels
barbed wire, 50 c« whisky, 668 gals wine.
To Mexico — 39 cs arms and ammunition, 360
lbs butter. 2 cs shoes, 169 cs bottles. 14 cs
bread. 515 lbs copper. 427 lbs cheese. 37 c«s
canned foods. . 155 bbls cement, 10 cs coal oil,
€0C7 lbs copperas, 4 cs dry goods, 105 lbs
dried fruit, a cs drugs, 6 pkgs electrical sup
plies. 209 lbs bacon, V pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 102 pkgs hardware, 29 bdls and 148
bars iron, 19 bales hay, 72,145 ft lumber. 30,000
laths. 56 pkgs launch. 447 lbs mlllstuffs. 2
pkgs machinery, 72 pkgs nails. 10 bdls « pes
pipe, 23 pkgs paints and oils, C pkgs paste,
142 ctls potatoes, 85S lbs raisins, 3 coils rope,
5M lbs spices, 5 cs stationery, 102 lbs sago,
6 bars eteel. 1000 lbs soda, 2316 lbs grease,
21 bdls wire, 5 cs and 49 gals whisky. 66 cs
and 11€7 gals wine.
The steamer Serapis of the Kosmos line
aalled yesterday for Hamburg via the West
Coact with an assorted merchandise cargo
laden at this port, valued at $04,770, and mani
fested as follows: For Mexico, $11,339; Cen
tral America, $8077; Ecuador, $4640; Peru,
$9107; Chile, $392; London, 529,78a; Hamburg,
$1435. The principal shipments included the
following :
Cargo for West Coast.
Katters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Russian bark Ocean, now on Puget
Sound, loads lumber there for Beira at 70b,
chartered prior to arrival.
The bark Sea King is chartered for lumber
from this port to Melbourne at 40s.
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Added to Overdue List.
The British ship Bass Rock, out 100 days
from Newcastle, lor Mollendo. was Dlaced on
the reinsured list yesterday. She is quoted at
25 i?er cent.
ARRIVED.
Friday. June 6.
Btmr Crescent City, Payne, 32 hours ."from
Crescent City.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 34 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 57 hours from
Victoria, etc.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 43 hours from Sius
law.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 30 hours from Eureka.
ARRIVED OFF THE PORT.
Friday, June 6.
Br ship Thistlebank, Patersen, 48 days from
Sar.ta Rosalia, arrived off this port and was
ordered to proceed to Port Townsend.
CLEARED.
Friday, June 6.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Cc.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria: Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Co.
Ger stmr Serapls, Rlchert, Hamburg and
way ports; J D Soreckels & Bros Co.
Jap stmr America Maru, Going, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W H Avery.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Comox; H
J Knotvies.
SAILED.
Friday, June 6.
Stmr Prentiss, Ahlstrom, Union Landing.
Etmr Signal, Bendezard, Coos Bay.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridxett, Ventura.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Etmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy.' Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, Greenwood.
btmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma:
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Port Kenyon.
Stmr Redwood City. Moe, Bowens Landing.
fc>t.mr Navarro, Devitt, Bowens Landing.
Ger stmr Srrapis, Richcrt, Hamburg and
way ports.
Jap stmr America Maru, Going, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Br bark Antiope, Murray, Ladysmlth.
Schr Lettltia, Sarrlns, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June t>. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 6— Br itmr Indra
velli, from Hongkong.
Sailed June 0 — Stmr Washtenaw. for Seattle.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed June 6— Stmr
Mandalay. for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived June 0 — Stmr
Scotia, hence June 5.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 6 — Ship James
Drummond, hence May 21; stmr Eureka," from
Kahului.
Sailed June 5 — Stmr Oregon, for Nome; stmr
Al-Kl and stmr Farallon. for Skagway.
KARLUK — Arrived May 0 — Stmr Alitak,
hence Aoril 29.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in June 6— Sjhr
Lottie Bennett, for Puget Sound; bktn Chaa F
Crocker, hence May 17, for Puget Sound.
Paused out June £— Stmr Farailon, for
Alaska.
Arrived June 6 — Stmr Conemaueh. from
Vancouver; Ital chip Fortunato FlKari, from
Port Blakeley.
Sailed June 6 — Ital ship Fortunato Figarl,
for Iquique; stmr Meteor, for Nome.
Arrived June 6 — Br ship Durbridge, from
Victoria. B C
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived June 6 —
Stmr Alcazar, from .
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 0 — Stmr Noyo,
hence June 5.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 6— Schr A M
Baxter, from New Whatcom.
Sailed June 6 — Schr Wing and Wins:, for
San Francisco: stmr Robert Dollar, for San
Francisco: stmr Ruth, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY — Passed out June 6 — Ger bark
Visurgis, for Valparaiso; bark I«vi G Bur
gets, for Callao; Btmr Oregon, for Nome;. schr
A F Coates, for San Pedro.
Passed in -June 6 — Schr Okanojran, from
Nushagak; schr Camano, from Karluk.
COOS BAY — Sailed June 5 — Schr Jessie Min
or, for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— Arrived June 5— Stmr West
port, hence June 4.
Failed June (i — Stmr Westport, for Bear Har
bor.
SIUSLAW RIVER— Sailed June 4 — Schr
Sacramento, for San Franci6co.
TACOMA — Arrived June 6 — Schr Mindora,
from Mazatlan.
Arrived June 6 — Bktn Chas F Crocker, hence
May 17.
CASPAR — Sailed June 6— Stmr Samoa, for
San Pedro.
REDONDO— Arrived June 6 — Bktn Willie R
Hume, from Whatcom.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CORONEL — Arrived June C — Stmr Nevadan,
from New York, and was to sail June 6 for
San Francisco. . -.
LONDON — Arrived June 6— Br ship Beech
dale, from Royal Roads.
SHIELDS— Sailed June 5— Br ehlp Falla of
Hallauale, for San Francisco.
HULL— Failed June 5 — Br ship Lady Went
worth, ior San Francisco; Br ship Pegaaus.,
for Sun Francisco. »
CTjKKNf-TL'WN— Arrived June ft— Br ship
Anaurus, from Oregon; Br ship Falklandbank,
from Oregon. Arrived and sailed June 5— Br
ship Glenlul. for Hamburg.
Sailed June 5— Br ehlp Alcinous. for Tyne;
Br shiD Nelson, for Barry.
LIZARD— Passed June 4-^Shln Kenilworth,
from Tacoma, for Hamburg.
GUATMAS— Sailed May 31— Bri* Lurline.
for San Francieco.
FALMOUTH — Sailed June 4 — Ger ship Su
sanna, fcr Harnburs. -
Skipping Intelligence.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.
June 6, 1602.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferr;
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at i
p. m., Greenwich time. • ' •
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Frdncisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The bW» and low waters occur at
the city J front (Misslon-streec wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG— Sailed June 4— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 4 — Fr bark La
morlciere, from Oregon.
FLUSHING— Arrived June 4— Ger bark See
stern, from Ore«on.
IQUIQUE— Arrived June 2— Nor bark And
romeda, from Vancouver.
BOSTON — Arrived June 6 — Stmr Saxonia,
from Liverpool.
HAMBURG— Arrived June 6— Stmr Klcarla,
from Tacoma, etc, via London.
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 5— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived June 6 — Stmr
Java, from Tacoma, via St Vincent, C V.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June fr— Stmr Mer
lon, from Boston, for Liverpool.
Sailed June 6— Stmr Commonwealth, from
Liverpool, for Boston.
MOVILLE— Sailed Ju«e 6 — Stmr Astoria,
from Glassrow, for New York; stmr Pretoria,
from LJverr>ool, for Montreal.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June C— Stmr Cymric,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 6— Stmr Au
gU8te Victoria, from Hamburg, for New York,
via Cherbourg.
Movements of Steamers.
visions, 6 cs hats, 3 cs shoes, 3 cs leather and
findings. 11 cs photo goods, 22 bxs type, 22
txils type cases, 1 cs firearms, 3 cs drugs. 11
pkgs arc lamps, 3 pkgs machinery.
To East Indies — 25 cs canned fruit, 45 cs
canned salmon, 1 cs shoes, I cs leather, 1 reel
wire rope.
To Korea — 3 cs whisky. 42 pigs hardware, 1
bicycle, 1 cs photo goods.
To Vladivostok — 956 pkgs agricultural lmple-
ments.
A discatch received yesterday resorts that
the chip Charles F. Whitney, from Iloilo for
Bt. Helena, hus put into Port Elizabeth with
her main topmast gone and carg j damaged.
Charles F. Whitney in Trouble.
The British chip Thistlebank. 48 days from
E&nta Rosalia, and which was off the port a
few days ago, reached the pilot grounds yes
terday morning and was ordered to continue
her passage to Px>rt Townsend.
Thistlebank Gets Orders.
The bris: Lurline, recently ashore on the
Mexican coast, floated and compelled to put
Into Guaymas leaking, has resumed her voy
age to this port. Captain von Helms of this
city, who rot the craft afloat, is assisting in
bringing her to San Francisco.
Lurline on Her "Way.
The British steamship Palena arrived yes
terday from Valparaiso with 350 tons of cargo
and thirteen ©assengers. Her cargo Included
S15C0 in gold nuggets and four bars of silver.
Ehe left Valparaiso April 20, Panama May
£0 and Mazatlan May SI.
Palena Arrives.
The Toyo Kisen KaUha steamship America
Maru, Captain Going, sailed yesterday for the
Orient. She took few passengers and a Hrht
cargo. Among the passengers were forty
eight Chinese and six Japanese. Of the Chi
aeae eleven were deported. The Japanese were
also refused admission to the United States,
three of them being insane and three of them
Buffering from disease of the eyes. The
America touches at Manila, for which port she
had three paesensers.
A more the passengers were:
For Yokohama — B. H. Huntineton. Rev. H.
6. Jefferys. Colonel T. Matsukawa. Dr. J. K.
Kobson, Paul Romer, T. Sakai.
For Nagasaki— R. Huga. J. Suzuki.
For Manila— R. N. Clark. Dr. P. A. Fox,
Miss N. Fox.
For Shanghai — Albert Meyer.
For Honsrkone — M. A. Hamburjrer, Miss E.
Haniburrer. H. A. E. Jaehne. F. H. Kinsman.
Mrs. R. E. Marx. D. Oliver. Mrs. D. Oliver,
"W. H. Rhoads. T. M. Sullivan. E. H. Tyler,
Dr. Swarni Turiyananda, William Wyles.
From Honolulu — Harry Paul Jones.
America Mara Sails.
The Baroda, bound from Callao to Ore
gon, went ashore on the night of August
29, 1901. about nine miles south of the Co
quille River. She went high and dry, and
shortly after the disaster there came
along a series of spring tides that sent
her still farther inland. Those that saw
her said it would be impossible to get her
back to the water. The owners claimed
for a total loss and the underwriters paid
without demur. As a sort of forlorn hope,
however, they sent out from Scotland
Captain Burns, a mariner in whose judg
ment they had unlimited faith. Burns ex
amined the wreck, said he could get her
afloat and was laughed at by local wreck
sharps. The underwriters knew Burns
better than did the wiseacres of the Pa
cific Coast. They told him to go ahead.
He did. He has spent a good deal of
money and some of his attempts proved
failures. But the Baroda is now afloat
and the underwriters have a valuaole
ship to offset the amount paid the former
owners. According to a dispatch received
yesterday at the Merchants' Exchange
she was floated on Thursday night. She
is now at Coos Bay, where she will load
ballast before starting for this port. Cap
tain Burns will see her safely in San
Francisco before he leaves for Scotland.
AFTER months of preparation, car
ried on in the face of discourag
ing comment that at. times
amounted almost to ridicule, the
British bark Baroda has been
lifted from her grave in the Oregon sands
and is now afloat and safely at anchor in
Coos Bay. To Captain Burns of Scotland;
a determined sailor man sent out by the
British underwriters, is due the credit of
the achievement.
AFTER MANY MONTHS OF PREPARATION
BARK BARODA IS ONCE AGAIN AFLOAT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.
10
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
Due.
S.Portland.. Hadlock June 7
Peking China & Japan June 7
B. Dollar San Ppdro June 7
Iaqua San Pedro June 7
S.Barbara... San Pedro June 7
San Pedro Santa Barbara June 7
Brooklyn Point- Arena June 7
Coronado.... Grays Harbor June 7
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena. . . June 7
Acapulco Panama & "Way Ports. June 7
North Fork.. Humboldt June 7
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor -. June 8
Mandalay Coqullle River June 8
Argyll New York via Panama; June 8
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports: June 8
S." Monica. ... Humboldt June 9
Pcmona Humboldt June 9
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma ....June 9
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria June 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 9
Rainier Whatcom June 11
Queen Pujtet Sound Ports June 11
Eureka Humboldt June 11
Lakrae Portland & Astoria June 11
Edith Seattle June 11
Phoenix Mendoclno June 12
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 12
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 12
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor June 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 12
Chehalis Grays Harbor June K!
Hathor Seattle ¦ June 13
Gaelic China & Japan '. June 14
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria .... June 14
Newburg Grays Harbor June 14
Pentaur Hamburg & West Coast. June 15
Umattlla Puget Sound Ports June 10
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports. June IB
Alameda Honolulu June 17
Ban Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. June IS
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama. June 18
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
Sails.
.
June T. '
S. Basbara. Seattle direct
Iaqua Hmaboldt
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor
R. Dollar.. Seattle direct
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way..!
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena
Rival .. Wlllapa Harbor ...
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland.
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ....
• June 8.
Phoenix.... Mendoclfao City ....
Kureka. . . . Humboldt .........
S.Rosa.... San Diego & Way.
. - June 9.
Palena Valparaiso ¦& Way.
Australia.. Tahiti direct ......
City Sydney Panama & Way Pts
June 1O.
Albion Riv. Pt. Arena & Albion
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.
North Fork . Humboldt . .
Jane 11.
Pomona.... Humboldt ..|
Pleiades.... N. Y. via Panama..
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts
Mandalay . . Coquille River
... June 12.
State Cal. . . San Diotgo .& Way.
S. Monica. . Humboldt
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma..
Peking China & Japan..:.
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts.
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland
¦ ¦ Jane 14. -
Lakme...... Astoria & Portland.
G. Dollar.!. Grays Harbor ...'..
Jane 15.
Queen Pugret Sound Ports.
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom
Jane 1G.
AllUnce.... Portland & Way...
Jane 17.
Newburg... Grays Harbor ....
12 m Pier 2
1 pm Pier 2S
10 am Pier IS
0 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
10 am Pier 11
1 pm Pier 13
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 10
10 am Pier 7
12 , m PMSS
6 pm Pier 13
11 am Pier 19
9 am Pier 2
1:30 pPier 11
2 pm Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
10 am Pier 7
11 pm Pier 24
12 m Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 19
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 10
. 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Valencia.... Nome ; ..'...
Indiana. Nome & St. Michael
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Ports
Dolphin , Skagway & Way Ports.
Dirlgo. ...... Stag way & Way Ports.
Santa Ana. . . Skagway & Valdez
Nome City. .. Nome & Golofnin Bay.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports.
Spokane..... Skagrway & Way Ports.
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.
City Seattle.. Skajrway & Way Ports. I
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Pbrts.j
June 7
June 7
June 8
June 8
June 11
June 12
June 12
June 13
Juno 14
June 14
June 16
I June 10
3 ITime Time Time
Time I -
s f Ft. Ft.
» ]L W H W L. W
7 6:13—1.2 1:28 4.8 6:01
H W L. W H W
8 0:01 5.7 7:03—1.0 2:19
9 1:00 5.5 7:54— O'.7 3:08
0 2:00 5.1 8:45—0.2 3:57
1 3:07 4.7 »:37 0.3 4:41
2 4:20 4.3 10:30 0.0 5:32
3 5:3S 4.0 11:26. 1.4 6:22
Ft. Ft.
H W
2.9 " .77.7
L, W
5.0 7:00 2.0
5.1 8:09 3.0
•5.3 9:21 2.9
5.5110:37 2.6
8.6 11:50 2.2
5.6
3 ITime Time Time
Time I -
s f Ft. Ft.
» ]L W H W L. W
7 6:13—1.2 1:28 4.8 6:01
H W L. W H W
8 0:01 5.7 7:03—1.0 2:19
9 1:00 5.5 7:54— O'.7 3:08
0 2:00 5.1 8:45—0.2 3:57
1 3:07 4.7 »:37 0.3 4:41
2 4:20 4.3 10:30 0.0 5:32
3 5:3S 4.0 11:26. 1.4 6:22
Ft. Ft.
H W
2.9 " .77.7
L, W
5.0 7:00 2.0
5.1 8:09 3.0
•5.3 9:21 2.9
5.5110:37 2.6
8.6 11:50 2.2
5.6
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
Due.
S.Portland.. Hadlock June 7
Peking China & Japan June 7
B. Dollar San Ppdro June 7
Iaqua San Pedro June 7
S.Barbara... San Pedro June 7
San Pedro Santa Barbara June 7
Brooklyn Point- Arena June 7
Coronado.... Grays Harbor June 7
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena. . . June 7
Acapulco Panama & "Way Ports. June 7
North Fork.. Humboldt June 7
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor -. June 8
Mandalay Coqullle River June 8
Argyll New York via Panama; June 8
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports: June 8
S." Monica. ... Humboldt June 9
Pcmona Humboldt June 9
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma ....June 9
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria June 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 9
Rainier Whatcom June 11
Queen Pujtet Sound Ports June 11
Eureka Humboldt June 11
Lakrae Portland & Astoria June 11
Edith Seattle June 11
Phoenix Mendoclno June 12
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 12
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 12
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor June 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 12
Chehalis Grays Harbor June K!
Hathor Seattle ¦ June 13
Gaelic China & Japan '. June 14
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria .... June 14
Newburg Grays Harbor June 14
Pentaur Hamburg & West Coast. June 15
Umattlla Puget Sound Ports June 10
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports. June IB
Alameda Honolulu June 17
Ban Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. June IS
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama. June 18
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
Sails.
.
June T. '
S. Basbara. Seattle direct
Iaqua Hmaboldt
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor
R. Dollar.. Seattle direct
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way..!
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena
Rival .. Wlllapa Harbor ...
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland.
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ....
• June 8.
Phoenix.... Mendoclfao City ....
Kureka. . . . Humboldt .........
S.Rosa.... San Diego & Way.
. - June 9.
Palena Valparaiso ¦& Way.
Australia.. Tahiti direct ......
City Sydney Panama & Way Pts
June 1O.
Albion Riv. Pt. Arena & Albion
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.
North Fork . Humboldt . .
Jane 11.
Pomona.... Humboldt ..|
Pleiades.... N. Y. via Panama..
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts
Mandalay . . Coquille River
... June 12.
State Cal. . . San Diotgo .& Way.
S. Monica. . Humboldt
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma..
Peking China & Japan..:.
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts.
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland
¦ ¦ Jane 14. -
Lakme...... Astoria & Portland.
G. Dollar.!. Grays Harbor ...'..
Jane 15.
Queen Pugret Sound Ports.
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom
Jane 1G.
AllUnce.... Portland & Way...
Jane 17.
Newburg... Grays Harbor ....
12 m Pier 2
1 pm Pier 2S
10 am Pier IS
0 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
10 am Pier 11
1 pm Pier 13
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 10
10 am Pier 7
12 , m PMSS
6 pm Pier 13
11 am Pier 19
9 am Pier 2
1:30 pPier 11
2 pm Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
10 am Pier 7
11 pm Pier 24
12 m Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 19
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 10
. 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Valencia.... Nome ; ..'...
Indiana. Nome & St. Michael
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Ports
Dolphin , Skagway & Way Ports.
Dirlgo. ...... Stag way & Way Ports.
Santa Ana. . . Skagway & Valdez
Nome City. .. Nome & Golofnin Bay.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports.
Spokane..... Skagrway & Way Ports.
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.
City Seattle.. Skajrway & Way Ports. I
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Pbrts.j
June 7
June 7
June 8
June 8
June 11
June 12
June 12
June 13
Juno 14
June 14
June 16
I June 10
7:30 a
3:30 p
Established 1823.
WHISKEY .
That's All!
JAKE JOSEPH, Representative, 800, Battery Street. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. 1
Something to Fall Back Upon
For any occasion you have when your
laundry comes home from the United
States.
Perfect In everything that goes to make
linen satisfactory In cleanliness and ap-
pearance — the result Is achieved without
¦ unnecessary wear on your garments.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave.
ERUSA
Cures Piles, or $5O Forfeited.
No Mercury or Opfates.
ALL UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
L. ZEH, 1226 Market Bt.
WAKELEB &, CO.. Bush and Montgomery sts.
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.. 949 Market St.
DR. H. B. KILBOURN. 551 Third St.
SEARBY'S PHARMACY, 400 Sutter st.
J. CALEGARIS, Kearny and Pacific sts.
P. B. HULTING, Third and Howard sts.
W. K. MATHEW, 144 Fourth st.
R. W. COFJFIN, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
J. H. WINTER. Twenty-fifth and Valencia sts.
E. HAPPERSBERGER. Sixth and Mission sts.
C. F. FULLER, Clay and Fillmore sts.
D. D. HUNT, 1800 Halght st.
SHAW PHARMACY. Sutter and Powell sts.
GLEASON, Kearny and Clay sts.
E. J. SMITH. Eddy and Taylor sts.
ARIEL PHARMACY. 400 Hayes St.
STOCKTON-Sr. PHARMACY. 100 Stockton St.
J.S. POTTS DRUG CO.. 1016 Market & 11 Eddy.
JUNCTION PHARMACY. 2000 Market st
60H0HRE0SA AND DSIHABY DI3CH1RSB3
A CURE, IN 48 HOURS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS. — RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, COc to $1 50 day;
$5 to $S week; $3 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates In
every room; elevator runs all night.
EAI1WAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
[ I Lim'dl
• • Local Mon& Local Ovrl"d
Daily Thurs Dally Dally
Lv Han Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10 plll:45 a 7:18 p 11:15 p
" Merced .. 2:35 p! 1:17 p 1:30 a
•• Fresno .. 4:10 pf 2:35 p 3:15%
"Hanford . 5:58 p| 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia .. 5:33pt 6:00a
••B'kersf'd 8:10 p 5:20 p 7:35 a.
" Kan City 2:31a 8:02 a
" Chicago 2:15 p| | 8:47 p
a lor morning. P lor afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local,
stopping at all points In San Joaquln Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives a: 8 a. m. ,
daily.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays is tha
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
i Ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11 :10 p. -ra. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. daily.
8;00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace aud Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts cut at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:0O p m"
daily.
Offices — 641 Market titreet and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. /
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD~
Via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing April 27, 1902.
FROM ™ VALL*,
-¦ 7:w - »¦¦&«••£
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:C0, •9:00. »10'00 Ii-on
11:30 a. m.. 12:30. '1:30. 2:30. "3:45 s-fo i^Sa
7:30. 0:45. 11:45 p. m. ' °' w ' °,- w * '
Trains marked 1*) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN KRANCISCn
WEEK DAYS-3:20. -6:20. 7:40. 8?15, i^
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15, »3:30. 4:40. A «rf?
10:15 p. m.- • ..¦ -•¦•<*
SUNDAYS— 6:00. 'S^O. 9:30k "llrOO a. m_
WEEK DAYS-3:40. «:40. 7:45, &¦>»£
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, .2:45, 3:50. 6:10. 6-*0 7 : io
10:15 i>. m. •""• '• 10 «
SUNDAYS— <5:3O. 7:55. 10:05. 11-10 •_ m
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. «:05. 7:15. 10^6
P " m " THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days— Cazadero and was
stations. **
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excestedl—
Tomales and way. station*. ¦
station/* "** Sunday " ~ c «a«ero and w»y
10:00 a. nu Sundays— Point Reye* and way
stations.
Sunday 1 tto" day b ° at * Md f* 1 "^ ™ «
BAILWAT TEAVEL.
SOLmTERirpACIFIC
Train. »~2S" KANcSco."**'' "
(Main Line, Toot of Market Street) <
Ixlyz — Fbom Jus* 1. 1902. — abkitb
~7.00a Benicla, Suiiun, Elmira and Sacr*-
mentu S'tir
7 00a Vacartlle. Winters, Bnmsey........ 7.55*
7.30a Martinez, San Eamon, Valiejo.
' Kapa. Callatoga, Santa Rosa 6 25 r
8 00a DaTls,"WoodIand, Knights Landing.
Marysville, Orovllle ••^.'••' \*\ T
8.00a Atlantic Express-Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a NUes, Lathrop, Stockton... ........ 7.25*
8.00a Xtles. Mendota, Uanford, Vlsalla.
Portervlllc y,v,;— 455 *
8.30a Shasta Express — Davis. Wllllama
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7.55»
• 8.30a San Jose. Livermore, Stockton.
lone. Sacramento, Placervllle,
Marysville. Chlco. Red Bluff 425»
8 30a Oakdale.Chlnese,Sonora,Tnolumne 4-25F
9.00a Valiejo 12-25*
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Trncy,Lathrop,StoclEton,Merced.
Kaymond.Fresno and Los Aozelcs 8.25A
9.30a Valiejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.65P
10.00a Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations. t12.55»
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. . 52 1*
• ti-OOr Sacramento River Steamers. tl 1.00*
3.00* Benlcia. Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland, Williams, Willows,
Knights Landing. Marysville.
Orovllle A
3.30p Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.55»
4 00* JIartlne«,Saa Ramon. Vallejo^fapa.
Callitoga. Santa Rosa 2??*
4.00* Nlles, Livermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12-25*
4 30? HaTward,Xlles,SanJose,Llvennoro to.ooA
4!30f The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Saugus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles _§'2§ A
5.00* PortCosta,Tracy.Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
6. 00p "Martinez. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced. Raymond, Fresno •?¦?!'
t5.30* Jflles Local 7 25a
6.00* Hay ward, Nlles and San Jose 7 -5§ A
t6.00r Valiejo 11.25a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louts, Chicago 4.25V
7.00* Ban Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez Jr."-/.
and Way Stations 1!-2§ A
t7.00* Valiejo 755*
-8.05r Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysville, Beddlnj,
Portland. Fuget Sound and East. 8.55a
J9.10* Hayward and Mies t1165A
COAST LINE Oarrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) ____
17.45 a Santa Cruz Excursion $8-05v
8.15a Newark, Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Sunta
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50*
t2.15* Newark, Centervllle. San Jose.
New Almaden. Felton. Bonlder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10-50A
4.15* Newark, San Jose. Los Gatos +8-50A
*4.15p San Jose. Los Gatos. Santa Cruz... c8.50a
~ OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 1*:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 5.15 *.*.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Brondway — +S:00 iS:M
t8:03 10:(J0 a.m. 1200 200 400 p.m.
COAST LI N E (Uroad tiauge).
i° (Third ana Tuwnsead Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6-36a
+7.00 * San Jose and Way Stations +8. CO*
./7.10a New Al-naden /4.10*
17.15*. Monterey Excursion t8.30*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — 3an .lose,
Gllroy. Salinas, San Lnls Oblspo,
- j 8nnt» Barbara. Lo« Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.43?
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Santa. Cruz.
Pactllc Grove. Salinas. Sun Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10*
10.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
11.30a SanJose.LosGntosandWayStatlons t9.00A
a1.30p San Jose and Way Stations a7.Q8*
2.30* San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara* Sun Jose. Tres
Plnos. Santa Cruz, Salinas. Del
Monte. Monterey and PaclQc
Grove 1045 A
t3.30* San Jo4e and Way Stations 7.30*
14-00* D^l Monte Express— Only stops Saa
Jose t120iF
4.30* San Jose an:l Principal Way Stations 1 30?
tS.OO* San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
ATay Stations 5.30*
5.30* San Jote and Principal Way Stations 6-30*
tS.15* San Mateo. Belmont, Redwood.
MenloParR. Palo Alto t6.48A
6-30* San Jose and Way Stations — 730*
7.00p Kew Orleans Express — Saa Luis
Obispo, Santa Barhara, Los An-
geles, Deming. El Paso. New
Orleans and East 10.11a
•11.45* San Joae and Way Stations <M
- A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
I Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only.
CAUfORMA NORTHWESTEBN El. CO
LESSEES
UH FRANCISCO ANJ NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TlbnroA Kerry, foot OX Sg^rlcet SC,
SAN FRAJNCISCO TO SAN R.VPAKU
\VEEK DAIS— 7:S0, 0:W. H:0O a. m.; 12:M,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11:30 d. m. Saturday* — Extra trips •*
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAN KAPAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20, 11O»
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. ra. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 0:33 p. m.
: SUNDAY3-4C0O. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:«.
4:58. 5:03. 8:25 n m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco! May 4. 1002. |San Francisco
Week | Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I W«eic
Days. I day*. | tlon. | days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:0O a Ixnaclo" 9:10 a 8:40 »
3:30 p »:3Oa and 10:4Oa 8:40 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p «:20 9
- I 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40a 8:40a
3:30 p 9:30 a and ¦ «:05 p 10:20 a
6:10 p 5:0O p Santa Rcm 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
8:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyserville
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala T:35p 8:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 al - . Hoplandi 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p[ Uklah ( 7:35 p| 6:20 p.
' 7:30 a| 8:00 aj Wlllita | 7:35 p[ 0:20 p
7:30 al S:0Oa| Guernevllla I 7:35 p|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40 a| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al S:00a| Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pf 5:00 p| . I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
S tapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weit
Springs and "White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdalt*
for the Geysers and BoonevlUe; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvUla.
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lterley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle Orr'J
Hot Springs, Half-way House. Comptche Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City Fort Brass.
Westport. Usal ; at Wllllts for Sherwood. Canto.
Covelo. Laytonvllie. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs-
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia ana
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»*
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market at. Chronicle tmUd-
lng.
H, C. WHTXTNO. R. X. RTAJT.
• > ? Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A»t.
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry ' Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- _ .,, ! Sun- Week
Days, days. *******¦***•**«*¦ day9 . pays.
11-30 A *-"- w<AB V'«'T- 4-50 F ...~—
liaov. "TiiuiuFTUimis- £50 p".
......... 2:30 f. 0»»»»»iih«7i«i»un«. 8:15 F. .._~.
BUM OflMM. UX 1UXXXI STUXT u<t SiXSJOHO HU*. :
ADVEBTISEXENTSl I
ABSOLUfFSECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /&*~?g&*z£
Very szeall and as easy
to take as sugar.
CCC I * a M»*»ntalF0R HEADACHL QCC
SEE CARTERS FOR D1IZIMESS. bhb
BBirriE for biuousmess. „.„„.,„
-GENUINE - Hivtr for torpid liver. GENUINE
Pi Pill «; FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR Jlljl FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPER
WrsArrLH jim | r0R thecompljxjqh n nArrE - r »
GKrrcrxpns mustnavcupnatumk.
— — » d cSt» I I»nnay TegetaMev/S^g*^^^
"FRnSTTEID O3ST REP PAPER'/ /Exchange and Bullion.
' The America -Maru took for Hongkong, a
treasure list of $148,851, consisting of $2621 In
Mexican dollars, $145,500 in silver, bullion and
$730 in Chilean silver. .
Eterling Exchange, 60 days..... ~- ., |4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight. — 4 8S^i
Sterling Cables — 4 89U
New York Exchange, sight..... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - - 17%
Silver, per ounce ...............' — f 52
Mexican Dollars, nominal......; — ¦ - ; .45%
Wheat and Other Grains. '
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower and
Paris, futures higher. ,
Chicago,) was several fractions firmer, "but the
CHICAGO, JUJHJ 6. — Wheat got a firm start
from the appearance of the weather map. The
Southwest had too much rain and , the entire
Western wheat 'and corn country reported co
pious showers. This caused talk of a wet har
vest, rust' and other damage to crops. Cables
were weak, following our decline yesterday
but July opened a shade, higher to unchanged
at 71%@71%c to 71%c and sold. to 72 cents.
Snow's report that the yield of both winter
and • spring wheat crops would approximate
725,000,000 bushels, or only 25,000,000 bushels
under > last ¦' year's enormous | production, was
like a" wet blanket. Bears sold, bulls stopped
buying for ' the time and July sank to 71 lie.
This same report Indicated an improvement
of •-.: five points "In the June condition
,and stated • that .-,. the spring wheat was
in .almost ; perfect .; condition, .save that
the acreage was one million less than last year
Conditions, inherent to the pit were mostly
bearish, but : they seemed to have little effect.
Receipts were liberal, the cash demand was
very poor, with prices shaded here and at Du
luth. \ The outsider ¦ was ¦ not in the pit. The
wet . weather i talk, however, with firmness in
corn and oats helped wheat, and 'July reacted
well after Its, dip, i closing firm, }4®%c up, at
71%C. „-.,.:. ¦'•-•¦ --. :¦ ; .\> ',... . ;¦ , .
Corn trade was good and bullish crop reports
Chicago Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. June 6.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the, bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
Juno 5, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
riH»« ¦ ¦ ™ • Percentage.
Cities— Clearings. inc. Dec
New York $1,060,421,588 .... .410
Chicago . 142,704,245 ..... Too
Boston 113.340,015 .'. 26«
Philadelphia....; 103.399,317 ~" ¦ i S 1 :
St. Louis 67,106,186 ' 2e'5 <•
Pittsburg 30,900,«45 " 22'«2
Baltimore 23,654.082 " 69
San Francisco .. 21,393,228 " "' r'5
Cincinnati 22,483,200 ""* 27
Kansas City. .... 15,718,116 ,""" 21 ft
Cleveland 16,622,734 g'i '
Minneapolis 10,703,482 ' " 'i*2
New Orleans .... 10,614,555 7*2
Detroit 10,198,731-' : '¦¦ ir'-r
Louisville 0,808,000 '.*." 143
Indianapolis ..... 9,501.035 <•• " -
Providence 5,701,200 \ * ~io'rt
Omaha 5,781,190 . * 17ft
Milwaukee 7,122,200 44
Buffalo 6,234,667 •„!:. 244
St. Paul 4,781,429 -20 *
St. Joseph 4,765,650 25*0 '"'
Denver" 8,964,459 -V..V *•¦"'»*
Richmond ' 3,800,770 . "fl*2
Savannah ........ 2,861,075 7'fl
Salt Lake City... 2,663,349 24*3 ,'•'-"
Albany .3,207,386 '..'. ia's
Los Angeles .... 4,605,966 48.6 , '
Memphis : 2,629,589 17.9- ""
Fort Worth .... 2,862,000 .... 22'fl
Seattle- .-..V....T., 3,082.810 Vv-'/
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, June 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,873 barrels; exports, 16,249 barrels, Quiet,
but - steady. Winter stralght3, $3 75@3 85;
Minnesota patents, $3 90@4 10.
WHEAT — Receipts, 13,375 bushels; exports,
15,995 bushels. Spot marke*. firm; No. 2 red
78V4o elevator; No. 2 red, 79% c f. o. b. afloat-
No. 1. Northern Duluth, 81 %q f. o. b. afloat*
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 84%c f. 0. b. afloat.
Wheat was easy during the forenoon be
cause of the lower cables, bearish crop news,
foreign selling and larger receipts. On subse
quent buying, stimulated by strength in coarse
grains,-- the market' rallied and closed firm at
%@%C net advance: July, 77%@78Vic closed
78%c; September, 75%@76%c, closed 76%c; De
cember, 7G%@"7%c, Closed 77%c. .
HOPS— Steady. '
WOOL— Steady. .
HIDES — Quiet. - '
COFFEE — Spot — Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice,
7V4c: mild; quiet; Cordova, 8@ll%c. Futures,
steady, 5@10 points lower. The close was
steady with prices net unchanged to 5 points
lower. Total sales, 25,000 bags, Including: July
$4 90; September, $5 10; October. $5 10;. No
vember. $5 25; December. $5 30; January,
$5 40; February, $5 45; March, $5 50; May.
$5 65. ' ,.-.¦¦¦..,.. -
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 2%c;
Centrifugal, 98 test, 3%c; molasses sugar
2 ll-16c; refined, firm; No. 6, 4.15c; No. 7,
4.05c.
i J DRIED FRUITS.
The evaporated apple market was quiet and
without change of importance. Values were
well sustained,' offerings being light. State,
common to go6d, 7@9%c; J prime, 9%@10c;
fancy, lie. •- -;
Spot prunes continued firm and In active
export and Jobbing request, full prices being
asked.-- Sizes '70-80 in light supply and strong
ly held.. ,; - 1-'
Apricots were firm on spot, with moderate
Jobbing sales; dull but steady on futures.
PEACHES-r-Steady but quiet.
PRUNES— 8%@6%c.
APRICOTS— Boxes, 10%@l4c; bags, 10%@
12c. ..¦¦¦¦- - . . •
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled, 8#@
10%c. . . .
London Market.
NEW YORK. June 0.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:.
Stocks opened weak throughout the list and
Kaffirs were flat, but South African houses
for the first time supported these shares, and
they closed generally distinctly . better. The
preliminary arrangement of the mining ac
count indicates that speculation is considerably
reduced. If so a rise fs expected to com
mence soon. The Continent supported con
sols, which sold at 96%.
Americans began heaVy and rallied on a
rumor from Berlin that the coal strike had
been settled. New York denied the rumor
but prices maintained the rise. The close was
cheerful. Canadian Pacific fluctuated erratical
ly. It ope.ned weak at 136% and fell to 135%
on Canadian sales, but New York and Berlin
suddenly bid up to 140%, and Montreal turned
buyer. Coupled with the announcement of a
new Canadian steamship line contemplated to
outbid the Morgan combination, there are very
conflicting stories current regarding a ship
owners' combination with the Cunard, Allaii
Elder- Dempster, Beaver. Thomas and Wilson
lines as a nucleus, to fight the combine ¦¦•-'-
was up % to £54 5s the ton; '. Rio
Tintos sold at 45%. .. '
New York Money Market:
NEW YORK, June 6.— Money on call was
steady at 3@4 per cent, closing bid and asked"
S%@4 per cent. ,,. ;
Prime mercantile paper, 4@4% per cent.
Sterling- exchange was easier, with, actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87% for
demand and at $4 84% @4 84% for sixty days;
Posted rates, ft S5%®4 86 and $4 88%
Commercial bills, $4 84%. ™'
Bar silver, 52c.
Mexican dollars, 42c. '
Bonds— Governments, steady; States, steady;
railroads, irregular. ','
.Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
gofd V8 $97« V 7 al 03- ble Ca8h balance ' fl08.247.145i
NEW YORK, June 6. — Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say:
Crop prospects taken as a whole are really
brilliant. Railroad earnings are enormous,
despite the small grain tonnage, bank clear
ings are quite heavy, notwithstanding the
speculative dullness, and failures are fewer in
number than in recently preceding years. • The
ending of the Boer war, It is also thought,
will have a tendency to stimulate export busi
ness in manufactures, though Interfering in
trades in horses, mules and 'Other articles of
export. On the other hand, the industrial sit
uation, although improved by the ending of
blast furnacemen's and teamsters' strike, is
still a depressing one, owing to the prospect
of the anthracite coal strike proving a long
and bitter one. threats of . strikes In the
bituminous fields and the general unrest noted
among workers in a number of industries. In
connection with the industrial unrest it is
to be observed that many of the demands made
now and for some time past have been based
on higher prices for food. ¦
Warmer weather has stimulated spring re
order business In dry goods, rather more ac
tivity being noted by Jobbers the country over.
Leather Is rather quiet.'
New York Stock Market.
; NEW YORK, June 6. — The dealings in stocks
dropped back again to near the low level of
activity lor the year and the day's changes
are narrow and unimportant. So far as they
are gains they are the residue of a little spurt
in prices with which the day started. It was
caused by a rumor that the coal strike had
been settled, which came by way of London,
with a light volume of cabled orders to buy,
the origin of which was as doubtful as that
or the rumor. This was undoubtedly a ruse
and was designed as a counter move to ye3.
ttrday's reiHtrts eat afloat by the bears of the
sudden death of an aged financier. The prtn
cipai buying came from yesterday's short sen
em, and as soon as the rumor was authori
tatively denied, the buying movement Xell away
and the market relapsed Into its state oi
neglect, 'there was a sharp rally in the Cai>
auian Pacincs on a resumption 01 tne pool
operations in that stock, and this movement
had some sympathetic influence on the rent I
or ihe ilst- Th^e later maricex was inclined to,
aepressiun and there seemed to be a teeling
ui resignation to a season oi dullness. Opinion*
irom abroad are current that there will be
no notable revival Irom abroad In toreigii
markets as an effect of the declaration uf
peace until alter the English coronation. The
continuance of the coal strike, which seems to
promise Indefinite prolongation, will also be a.
damper on any speculative enthusiasm. The
assembling of the soft coal miners in the Vir
1 ginia and West Virginia fields and reports that
they will go on a strike give color to the ap
prehension of an extensive spread of labor
troubles. The strength of to-day's corn mar
ket and the reports whieh accompanied it of
excessive rains and floods in the Southwest
were a reminder of the possibilities of future
mishaps to the corn crop and an incentive to
caution against speculative commitments on
that score. The bank statement promises to
be colorless. There have been sufficient re
ceipts on balance from the Interior to about
offset the week's $2,000,000 loss on sub-treasury
operations. There is no Indication of any sub
stantial reduction in the loan account of the
banks and some institutions report an Increase
In that Item. A reaction in foreign exchange
was viewed with satisfaction and relieved the
apprehension caused by the week's advance of
a disposition by foreign lenders to withdraw
credits. The market closed stagnant.
The bond market was also less active and
the movement of prices narrow and Irregular
Total sales, par value, $2,650,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 5,900 79% 79% 79%
Atchison pfd 1,600 98% 98V4 08%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 600 105% 105V, 105
Bait & Ohio pfd... 200 95 95 94
Canadian Pacific .. 28,100 136% 133% 135U
Canada Southern ... 100 95% 95% 94'i
Ches & Ohio 100 46 4fi 45%
Chicago & Alton... 100 30% 3<S74 36V.
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 70% 70% 76>/i
Chi Ind & Louis... 100 74% 74% 74%
Chi I & L pfd 200 87 86% 86%
Chi & East 111 160
Chi & Gt West 1,600 28 27% 27%
Chi & Gt W A pfd ..... .?.. :!.. 88
Chi & Gt W B pfd 600 48% 48 48Vi
Chi & NW 800 250 249 249?i
Chi R I & P 200 171% 171% 171
Chi Term & Trans 100 21 21 20%
Chi T & T pfd .... 37%
C C C & St L 100 103% 103% 103%
Colo Southern .... 30
Colo So 1st pfd 200 70 C9% 69%
Colo So 2d pfd 4i2
Del & Hudson 200 173 172% 172%
My jW 2C6
D&RG 40
D & R G pfd 200 S0% 90% 90
Erie ...1 4,200 36% 38% 36%
Erie 1st' pfd 100 07% 67% 67%
Erie 2d pfd 100 C2 62 51%
Gt Northern pfd 183
Hocking Val 900 83% &} 82%
Hocking Val pfd... S00 92% 92 91%
111 Central 000 160% 150% 150%
Iowa Central 45U
Iowa Cent pfd 82
K C Southern 500 82 31M 32%
K C Southern pfd. 200 00 00 B9%
Lake Erie & ~W... 64
L E & W pfd 125
Louis & Nash 2.700 137% 135% 137
Manhattan L 10,800 130% 130 130%
Met St Ry 1,700 149' 148% 148%
1 Mex Central 300 2fl% 26% 26%
Mex National .... 200 18% 18% 18%
Minn & St Louis. .. 100 110% 110% 100%
Missouri Pac 1.500 09% 09% 09%
MK&T 2.100 26% 26 26%
M K & T pfd 1,400 57 C6% 56U
N J Central 100 J90-. 190 1M4
N Y Central 3,400 154% 153% 154
Norfolk & West... 1,100 50 . 05% 56
Nor & West |5fd 89
Ont & Western 300 32% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 1,700 149V t 149 149%
Reading 87.600 «2% Cl% 02%
Reading 1st pfd g2%
Reading 2d pfd.... 2,300 68 C7% 67%
St L & S F 1,000 60% 68% 08%
S L A S F l«t pfd „ ..;* 84
S L & 8 F 2d pfd. 400 72% 72% 72%
Ft Louis SW 200 27V4 27 27VT
Et Louis SW prd.. 1,800 59% 59% 09%
Ft Paul 13,400 168% 168 168%
St Paul pfd 188
So Pacific 4,300 «414 fay, 63%
So Railway 2,100 36% 36 36$
So Railway pfd... 100 94% 94% 94%
Texas & Pacific... 100 40% 40% 40Vi
T St L & W. ..... 100 21 21 20%
T 6t L & W pfd... S0O 37 37 36%
Union Pacific 12,100 104% 103% - 104
TTnlon Pacific pfd.. 400 87% 87% 87%
Wnbafh 500 20% 26% 2G%
Wabash nfd 200 43'4 43% 43%
WhMl & Lake Erie 100 21% 21% 21%
Wh & L E 2d pfd • . 34
Wisconsin Central. 100 20% 2(1% 2ft%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 600 48 47% 48
Express companies —
Adams , 195
American 220
United gtates »5
Wells Fargo 200
Miscellaneoue —
Amalfram Conper.. 11,400 68% 67% 08
Am Car & Foun.. 1,20ft 31% 30% :;o%
Am Car & F pfd.. 100 90% 00% OOVi
Amer Lir.seed Oil.. 200 25 23 '£>
Arotr Lin Oil pfd ; 51
Amer Loco. 700 R2U 3214 82%
Amer Loco pfd.... 1.700 03tf 02 90%
EASTERN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' July. : Sept.
Opening 6 1014 .6%
Closing 5 10V4 6 %
PARIS. • . ; <
Wheat— 1 June.' Sept.-Dec.
Opening. 22 30 20 55
Closing 22 60 20 60
Flour — .
Opening. 27 25 26 70
Closing 27 60 26 90'
Nezu York Metal Market..
NEW YORK, June 6.— The local market for
tin was quiet but steady, $29 90@30 25. At
London the market, closed 103 net lower, with
spct at £132 5s and futures at £129 6s.
Copper was quiet at New York with prices
unchanged, 400 tons standard In equal parts
of 100 tons each for June, July, August and
September delivery, cold at ?11 80. Spot to
August quoted $11 35@11 85; lake, $12 25®
f 12 52^. and electrolytic and casting standard,
$12@12 25. The London copper market closed
6g net higher, with spot at £54 5a and futures
at £54 7s 3d.
Lead was steady here at 4%c and London
' closed unchanged at £11 7s 2d.
Spelter was nominal in the local market at
4%c. London was 2s 6d higher at£18 10s.
Iron ruled higher here and considerably
higher in London. Warrants were nominal.
No. 1 Northern foundry, $21@22; No. 2 North
ern foundry, ?20 50@21 50; No. 1 Southern
fotKidry. $20 50@21 50; No. 1 Ssuthern foundry
soft, $20 50@21 50. '
English markets were firmer, with Glasgow
at 54s 5d and Middlesboro at 49a 9d.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 6. — The cotton market
opened steady, unchanged to 3 points lewer
and closed steady with prices net 6®13 points
higher.
Eastern Livestock Market.
• . ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., June 6.-^CATTX.E — Re
ceipts, 600; market, steady; natives, $5 35@
7 50; cows and heifers, $1 25@6 30; veals, $3 25
@5 60; stockers and feeders, $2 25@5 05.
HOGS— Receipts, 8000; market steady; light
and light mixed, $6 80@7 25; medium and
heavy, $7 15@7 40; pigs. $4@6 30.
SHEEP — Receipts, 600; market steady; top
spring lambs, $7 50.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, June 6.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500; good steady, others weak; good to prime
steers, $7 27%@7 50; poor to medium, $5@tf 00;
stockers and feeders, $2 00® 5 25; cows, $1 50®
5 75; heifers, ?2 50@(l; canners. $1 50@2 50;
bulls, $2 50@5 50; calves, $2®6 60; Texas fed
steers. ?4<ft6 40. . . •
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 34,000; to-morrow,
20,000; left over, 5000; steady to 5c lower,
closing active; mixed and butchers, $6 95@7 33;
good to choice heavy. $7 35@7 45; rough heavy
$7@7 25; light, $6 85@7 15; bulk of sales, $"@
7 25.. i ¦
SHEEP — Receipts, 7000; sheep steady; lambs,
choice steady; good to choice wethers, $5 23®
0 15; Western sheep, $5 25@6 15; native lambs
clipped, $5 2507: Western lambs. $5 40@7;
spring lambs. $7 50. .
California Fruit Sales. ¦
BOSTON, June 6.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auc
tion to-day were as follows: Cherries — Chap
mans, $1 b"0@2 05, average $2 03; Black Tar
tarians, 7!fc@:$2 40, average $1 66. One car sold
to-day. Weather favorable. . -
NEW YORK, June 5.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Cherries — Tar
tarians, e5c@$2 30, average 96c. One car sold
to-day. Weather' dry and warm.
Sale of Sheepskins.
¦ ¦ .1 ' - . f n . r
LONDON, June 6. — A sale of Cape of Good
Hope and Natal sheepskins was held here to
day and was attended by a large number of
buyers. The demand was strong owing to the
limited. offerings. Skins offered were equal to
the standard of the April sales. • Long wooled
sold %©VJd dearer, although light clean stock
exceeded this figure. Short wooled showed an
advance of %d, while lambs' wool rose %d.
The tfctal sales for the day amounted to 136,573
skins. _. . .
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, June 6.-7-Clearlngs, $662,465; bal
ances, $.80,305. ... .
TACOMA, June 6.— Clearings, $220,776; bal
ances, $70,284.
PORTLAND, June ; 6. — Clearings, $494,051 ;
balances. $50,843. .,
SPOKANE. June 6. — Clearings, $2S6,938; bal
ances, $28,949. • . ; .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.. -, .
PORTLAND, June 6. — WHEAT— Walla
Walla.' 65^@Cflc; valley, 66H0; blue stem,
66i^(@67c.
WAHINGTON.
TACQMA. June 6.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; Blue stem. 65%c; club, 84^c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 6.— Consols, 96%; silver, 24d;
French rentes, 10U 95c@101f 80c; wheat car
goes on passage, nominal, unchanged; No. 1'
standard California, 30s; English country mar
kets, easy. • '
LIVERPOOL, June 6. — Wheat, quiet; No 1
standard California, 6s Z^A®Qa 4%d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, quiet and steady; weather In Eng
land, rain. ¦ " . ¦* •
COTTON— Uplands, Bd. ¦
Stocks of Grain.
The Produce Exchange has issued its regular
eeml-annual statement of the stock of grain,
etc., on hand in the State June 1. as follows:
1902. 1901.
Flour, barrels 177,173 174,777
Wheat, centals 2,505.780 3.746.820
Barley, centals 567.0S0 746.220
Oats, centals 112.320 43,580
Beans, sacks 312.746 118.000
Corn, centals 4S.9S0 13,820
Rye. centals 53,800 S0.260
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
The report of Edward A. Beals, section di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, for the
Oregon Crop Bulletin, week^ ended June 3, is as
follows:
The past week has been one of great extremes
in temperature. The first two day6 were bright
and warm, after which It turned cool and
cloudy. Frequent small showers have falle*
during the later portion of the week, and on
several mornings during temporary clearing
spells light frosts occurred In the eastern por
tion of the State.
The eondUion of grain continues good, spe
cially in the eastern portion of the State. There
has been plenty of moisture for spring-sown
wheat, and as the plant has stooled nicely the
yield rromiEes to be larger than usual. Fall
¦v.heat is heading, but owing to the cool weather
is making slow advancements, and steady, mild
temperatures are now needed to mature a
plump and hard kernel.
Sorr.e alfalfa has been cut In Southern Ore
gon, arid clover and alfalfa is generally ready
for harvesting, -which is retarded by the unset
tled condition of the weather. Pastures con
tinue in excellent condition and stock is now
lat and sleek. Sheep shearing Is progressing
slowly and .be clip will probably be an aver
age one.
Sugar beets In Union County are being
thinned and the crop is doing nicely. Gardens,
corn, potatoes and hops all need warm weather,
but they continue thrifty and promising, al
though very backward.
The warm weather during the first of the
week brought in a number of encouraging fruit
reports to the effect that the damage to prunes,
cherries and pears was not as great as expect
ed. 1«M the weather later became unfavorable,
and the damage In the Willamette Valley to
Italian prunes. Royal Anne cherries and Bart
lett pear* is considerable. In Southern and
Eastern Orepon the fruit outlook is very prom
ising, and there will undoubtedly be plenty of
I.erries in all parts of the State. Early apples
have dropped badly, but winter apples, as far
«s can be determined, have eet nicely.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, June 6, 5 p. m.
Temperature at San Francisco, 7 a. m.,
51 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has remained nearly stationary
over the western half of the coast. The usual
summer low pressure over the \-alley of the
Colorado has deepened somewhat and extend*
well to the north. The cloudiness has decreased
©\er the greater portion of the coast.
Tempw-atures continue normal south of the
Tehachapl, but In the great valleys maximum
temperatures approaching 00 degrees are re
ported.
No rain has fallen en the Pacific Slope dur
ing the pa*t twenty-four hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, June 7, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Saturday; con
tinued warm weather In the interior, with light
¦outherly win<!«; bri6k westerly winds on the
coast, with foe in the morning.
Southern California — Fair Saturday, with fog
in the morning along the , coast; continued
v,am weather in the interior; light southwest
wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; continued warm
neather.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
with fog In the morning; light southerly,
changing to bri»k westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
1 20th Meridian time, San Francisco, June 6,
1002:
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS. I
Crlui-a — Grain crop doing nicely. Fruit crop
excellent.
Cloverdale — Prunes looking fine and peaches
•siting big. . .
NEW YORK, June 6. — R, G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Peace in South Africa has greatly improved
the outlook. * Foreign Industrial markets will
quickly benefit by the development of that
country, while a return to, active gold mining
will have a helpful influence in monetary cir
cles. Owing to the present exceptional home
consumption, producers in this country may not
be able to take advantage of the opportunity
immediately, but even the indirect effects must
be beneficial. Domestic conditions have still
but the one drawback of labor disputes, which
have reduced the earning power of a large
force. Outside the limits of this influence there
is little cause for complaint. Orders are large.
Railway earnings for May show an Increase of
6.8 per cent over last year and 17.4 per cent
over 1900.
Contrary to expectations, the leading pro
ducers maintained their conservative position
by making no advance in the price of steel
rails for delivery in 1903, notwithstanding the
very material rise that has occurred in pig
iron.
Satisfactory weather In the leading producing
regions had a depressing influence on grain
quotations, and last week's advance was lost.
Cash prices were slow to react, owing to the
extremely strong statistical position, but the
next' crop options, fully reflected the progress
at the farms.
Failures this week In the United States were
218 against 194 last week, and 192 the pre
ceding week and. 185 the corresponding week
last year, and In Canada 16 against 20 last
week, 12 the preceding week and 20 last year.
a car of choice Seedlings waa sold at the nma
time and brought from $1 25 to $1 75 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— ?6@10 per chest for
Longworths and $4ig6 for Malindas; crates
from Florin, 75c(g$l
RASPBERRIES — $S@10 per chest; crates
from Loomis 90c®$l.
LOGANBERRIES— $8@9 per chest; cr*te»
from Wallace, $1.
BLACKBERRIES — In crates from Loomis.
$1 60.
GOOSEBERRIES— $3 per chest and 1%®2%o
In bulk; English, per drawer and la
CURRANTS— $3 50®6 per' chest.
CHERRY PLUMS — 40@50c per drawer.
APRICOTS — 75c@$l per box and $iai 50 pep
crate.
APPLES — $2 50@3 per box for old; Green.
40® 65c per box and 50c per basket.
PEARS — Madeline, 60c for small boxes and
$1 for large; baskets. 65c.
CHERRIES— White, 35@50c per box: Jn bulk.
2@3%c: Black, 40@60c per box and 33PSc In
bulk; Royal Anne, to© 90c per box and. 5<36c
In bulk.
FIGS — Black from Yuma. $2 00®2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges $2@4 ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings, 75c©?2;
Mediterranean Sweets, 75c@$2; St. Michaels,
$1 50@3; Valencias, $2 50@4; Lemons. 75c®
$1 for common and $1 25^1 75 for good to
choice and $2@2 75 for fancy; Grape Fruit.
75c@$l 50; Mexican Limes. $4@4 60; Bananas.
$2@3 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 50fi#
2 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The Eastern markets are reported firm, with
a good export movement In Prunes and Apri
cots. This market continues dull and feature
less, with nothing but small odds and ends on
FRUITS— Apricots. 9@10o for Royals and 10
©13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
lated Apples. 10@ll%c; sun dried, 6©To:
Peaches, «%@3%c; Pears, 6®9c; Plums, pitted
5@6%c; unpltted, 1%@2%o; Nectarines, <f%@So
for red and 5%@6c for white; fifes. 3%@-tV4o
for black and 5%@6o for white. n
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-403. 6&®6%c; 40-50s. 5@5%c; 50-60*. ¦4%a
4%c; 60-703. 4@4%c; 70-SOs, 3%@3%c; 80-80*.
3&3%c; 90-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown,
7%c; Loose Muscatels, 5%o for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless: 3-crown. 6c; 2-crown. 0%c:
London Layers. $1 60 per box.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, Xl©ll%c:
No 2 6@7c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c; No. 2
7c; Almonds. 10%@l2c for papershel], 9-aiOo
for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts.
6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c- Fil
berts. 12@12%c; Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuta.
$3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9311o
for light amber: water white extracted, 6Q
Provisions.
Chicago, though dull, was higher on the
day. The market was sensitive. Sellers of
the preceding day turned buyers, and the
buying orders caused offerings to cease.
This market continued quiet and unchanged,
but dealers report the demand rather better
than It was ten days ago.
CURED MEATS— Bacom. 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light and 16©17o for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 11 Vic; Cali
fornia Hams. 13%ei4c: Mess Beef. $10 per
bbl; extra Mess. $10 50@ll: Family, $11509
12; prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear,
$23; Mesa. $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. 12%c;
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef.
13%@14c per lb.
LARD — Tlerced quoted at 8%@S%c per lb
for compound aw. 12%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 12%c; 10-lb tins. 13%c; 5-lb tins. 13%c;
3-lb tins. 13%c.
COTTOLENE — One half -barrel, 10%c; thre«
half-barrels. 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces. 10%c; five tierces. 10%o per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are now In very fair shape for sellers.
The large accumulation of salted stock men
tioned a .fortnight ago has all been cleaned up.
and the feeling is now steady. Prices remain
as before. There is nothing new In Wool and
Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c:
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 8»ic; Salted Cair.
10c; Dry Hides. 15@16%c; Culls. 14@15o; Dry
Kip. ll@13c; Dry Calf, 16@13c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings," 20®
30c each: short Wool. 40@603 each; medium,
65@75o- long Wool. 80c@$l 20 each; Horsa
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 SO for me
dium $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 60 for
medium, $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted,
Mexican. 23c; dry Central American. 32 %c
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 73c; lore* and
smooth. 50c; medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%©6o p« ftj
No. 2, 4%<©3c: grease. 2%@3%c.
WOOL — Spring. Humboldt and Mendoctn*.
15@17c; Northern free. 14@16c; do, defeettret
13@14c; Middle County free. 13@15e; do. de
fective. 12@13c ; Southern, ¦ 12 months, 9010o|
do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill, 11013a; Neva
da, 12® 15c; Valley Oregon fine, IS^ISo; da^
medium and coarse. 14®15o per lb.
HOPS — 12c for fair and 13@lia per lb tar
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market*
There Is nothing new to report In this ms*>
ket. • ' ' '
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rate* from slaughterers to deal*
era are aa follows:
BEEF— 6Vi@T%° *°r Steers and 5%©3%o pay
lb for Cows. .
VEAL— Large. 733c; email, 839c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%©8#c; ET»e«. T%$8«
per lb.
7..AMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10o per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%®9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, lesa 60
per cent shrinkage for cattle t
CATTLE— Steers. 8%@9c; Cowa and Heifers,
7®7%c; thin Cows. 4©3c per lb.
CALVES — 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4®4%c; Ewes. 8<33fta
per lb- (jrross welKht).
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 0OO2 73 per
head or 4%®5c per lb live weight; yearlings,
46*4 %c per »b.
HOGS- -Mm e Hoes, 200 Iba and under. 9%o;
200 Iba and over, 6@6%c; feeders, 6@6%c:
tows 20 per cent oft, boars 50 per cent oXC
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations. . <
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, June asd July. ST636c:
San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32®33c; Fleeos
Twine. 7%®8c.
COAL — Wellington Is lower at $8 per teat
Southfleld Wellington. $8; Seattle, $8 50; Bry
ant, $6 60; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay. $3 50; Greta,
$S; Wallsend, $S 50;. Co-operative Wallaend,
$3 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. — — ;
Welsh Anthracite. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton;
Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks:
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45 per 2000
lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to brand.
Harrison' 3 circular »ays: "Coal arrivals for
the past week are as follows: Three from
British Columbia. 8032 tons; two from Oregon,
930 tons: three from Washington, 10,922 tons;
one from Australia (Newcastle). 2195 tons; to
tal, 22.079 tons. It Is singular that with the
apparent light demand for steam coals, and the
average quantity arri vinlgr this and several
weeks past, there is no accumulation In yards.
About all the deliveries of coal for steam pur
poses are now being made offshore, which nar
rows down Its demand almost entirely to bay
and ocean steamers. The transports are call
ing for their usual quantities, which aggregate*
a very large portion of all that is imported.
Prices are still low for both coal and oil. so
that manufacturers cannot complain at the
cost of their motive power in producing their
output. Coal freights from Australia, and
Great Britain do • not «how any improvement,
yet the list of vessels loading for this port does
not diminish. Fuel oil will, in a short time, be
shipped to the Sandwich Islands, which will in
crease the direct shipments of coal from Aus
tralia to San Francisco. A reduction of $1 per
ton on Wellington coal has been made this
week. This is a voluntary concession on th*
part of the agent here, and as oil cuts no figure
for domestic uses, the reduction becomes the
1 more praiseworthy."
OIL— Linseed has advanced again: California
Castor Oil. In cases. No. . 1. 70c: pure. $1 20;
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled. 78c; raw, 78a;
cases. 6c more; Lucol, 6Sc for boiled and 86o
HanTord— Fruit crops ripening rapidly. Apri
cots doing well. Pasturage and grain good.
Hollister— Hay curing well and being rapidly
put up; good quality. .
Livermore — Weather very favorable for
crops. Wheat crop will be light.
Napa — Haylngr in progress; fair crop.
Xewman — Grain filling- well; barley harvest
ed: yield and quality poor.
Riverside — New Oranges setting well, but
small for season.
San Jose — Grain and fruit good; big crop of
all kinds.
Santa Maria — Chevalier and oats are ripen
ing well and later grains fair; beans and beets
good.
Santa ' Rosa — Haying progressing; quality
good,
Ventura — Grain crop short; hay being cut;
fruit crop promises well.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Section Director.
Foreign Futures.
stimulated good buying that brought a strong
tone. r Early in the day July was strong on
support of. bull interests and September weak
ened by St. Louis selling. Later the option
came in for support and all prices advanced.
July. closed firm, %c up, at 62%@62%c.
Again oats were the strongest of the grains.
As on the last few days the good cash demand
was the Influence. Shorts who thought selling
of new crop was safe covered freely on fears
of rain damage to the growing plant. July
closed %c up at 39 %c.
¦ Provisions were rather quiet, I but advanced
sharply after an opening that was weak on the
weak hog situation. There was a fair demand
for packing house hogs- and packers manipu
lated for higher prices. The close was firm.
July pork closed 17 %c to 20c up, lard 2%@5c
up, and ribs 7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat, 70@72c; No. 2 red, 79c;
No. 2 oats, 42@43c; No. 2 white, 46@46%c;
No, '3 white, : 45@46o ; No. 2 rye, 59c>. f air to
choice malting barley, 6C@68c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 56; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 76; prime tim
othy seed, $6 3006 35; mess pork, per barrel,
$17 45@17 50; lard, per 100 pounds, $10 22%@
10 25; short ribs sides (loose), $10 10@10 20;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $8 25; short clear
sides (boxed). $10 60@10 60; whisky, basis of
high wines/ $1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Articles— . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 11,000 .•* 11,000
Wheat, bushels ........... 25,000 178 000
Corn, bushels .....197,000 141,000
Oat£. bushels .144,000 140,000
Barley, bushels .4,000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the butter
market was steady; creameries, 18@>22c; dair
ies, lS%@19%c. Cheese, weak, 9%@10%c.
Eggs^ easy; fresh, 15@15%c.
Local stocks and bonds dull.
Semi-annual statement of stocks of grain issued.
Shipment of $148,851 in specie to Hongkong.
S ikcr and Exchange about as before.
Linseed Oil again marked up. )
Wellington Coal $1 per ton lower.
Wheat and Barley quiet and featureless. '¦' .
Oats nots show signs of zeeakness. Corn and Rye dull.
Bran being shipped to Nczv Zealand. v
Feedstuff s firm and Hay zveak.
Rather more inquiry for White Beans.
Butter coming in licavily. Cheese still plentiful.
Eggs steady, with more moderate stocks.
Prunes and Apricots wanted in Nczv York for export.
Rather more inquiry for Provisions.
Hides steady, with reduced spot supplies.
Wool and Hops as previously reported.
Live and dressed Meats unchanged.
Turpentine advanced. $
Potatoes and Onions zucak.
Poultry and Game unchanged.
Fresh Fruit supplies increasing slowly.
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 2,200 48% 48% • 48%
Co?oP M^V 311 " 2 - 100 67 tt 60^ <5(5 %
CoisoTw^^ On -- 1 ' 100 " » 7 $ * 6 %
Com Tnho d °?5" 80 ° 220 220 21ff%
SMiiKtS?" i>oo ° m m a*
&S!:;: : ; : K& | * I 3 1
Intern Paper pfd.: ';.'/'• ¦¦••'••¦ *«%._
L^^G^s™"--" 10 ° -W «
National Biscuit;!! .'. r-- •••-• »»¦
National Lead son '21M 'iiii, ?1"2
i, 1 ™ 8 ™ s Car 1,300 47 48% 4614
:fSE,' P S p " Mo ;??fjfei 3|«
ggsw-«"ss.-s« ;i il
siiiiiiiiiiii
u b '& p co pfd .;;.;; ;;;;; ¦;¦" 82V
U S Leather 500 \k" ' iitv. tin
u i swT pM> • ' • " i66 ' hh ' ' *M ' 56
Total sales ..220.800 shares. '
CLOSING BONDS
U S ref 2s reg...lOS£ L & N.Uni 4s...lO3U
£° $ oup 108% Mex Cent 4s .... 82«i
Do 3s reg ....107Mi Do 1st inc .... 31 it
£° C °UP 107'^ Minn & St L 4s.. 105
Do new 4s reg. 136 M K & T 4s..... 09%
go COUP 13C Do 2da 83U.
Do old 4s reg..lO9»/j N Y Cent lets. . .104%
°° CO . U P »OH Do pen 3%s ..108
Do old 5s reg..lO5V4 N J Cent gen 6s.l38%
.. Do . C0U P 105V4 Nor Pac 4s .....105
Atchison gen 4s. 107V, Do 3« ....... 73tv.
Do adjt 4s .... 9SV$ Nor & W con 4s.l01%
Baltimore & O 4s. 102 % I Reading gen 4s.. 100
£° 3 %« • 9«H S L * I M con 5s.ll«
Do cony 4s ....107 St L & S F 4s ..100 '
Canada So 2ds ..109 St L S W lsts.. 99%
Cent of Ga 5s 108^ Do 2ds 87
Do' 1st inc .... 82?i'S A & A P <u nntt
Che. & Ohio 4H..1084 So Pa* 4s W££ 02%
Chi et Alton 3^s. 85% So Ry 5s 123U
"'"' p * 4S.115W T St L & W 4s.. S2U
Chi * Npr con 7s. 140 Union Pac 4s ...lOSyT
C R ,1 & P 4s . . . 112 y k Do conv 4s . . 107 U
"C&Ug 4s.lO2 Wabash; lsts . ..liny.
ChicaKO Term 4s. 00 Do 2ds' 112
Colo & So 4s .... 05 Do deb B ".'.'.'. 74
D & RG.4s 104 H West Shore 4s . .114%
Erie prior lien 4s.lOOVi Wheel & L E 4s 04%
v, & g £ n 4s •••• 87% Wls c « n t 4s .... 03 2
Ft W & D C lsts.11314 Con Tob 4s ... 67«4
Hocking Val 4>4sllOHl , '*
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS."
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 120
A1 'c<* 40 Ontario 7 25
B reec» 50Ophir ...130
Brunswick Con .. 09 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl 23
Con Cal & Va... 125 Savage '.'.10
Deadwood Terra ..1 00 Sierra Nevada ... 14
Horn Silver 1 25 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver 70 Standard ...3 25
Leadville Con 051 .....0^0
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— tj S Stee i qM..,. 39
Time loans.... 4 @5 Westlnghs Com.. 107
Bonds— Minins—
Atchison 4s 102% Daly West.. 44
Gas lsts 94% Adventure ....... 23
Mexican Cent 4s. 81 Allouez 3
x?, Gas & Coke - 55 Amalgamated ... 68
Railroads — Blngham . ... 34%
Atchison 79^ Calumet & Heela.565
Atchison pfd 98% Centennial ...... 19%
Boston & Albany.259& Copper Range....- 67%
Boston & Maine. 200 Dominion Coal... 130
Bcston Elevated. .160% Franklin 11
N Y. N H & H..233 jlele Royale 12
Fitchburg pfd 143% I Mohawk ... ..41
Union Pacific 104%'OId Dominion.... 20^
Mexican Central.. 26^1Osceola ...... 62
Miscellaneous — 1 Parrot .' 28 '
American Sugar.. 120% | Quincy .130
Am Sugar pfd.. .117% , Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Am Tel & Tel. . .173 Vi Tamarack 179'.'.
Dom Iron & Steel. 54% Trinity . . . / 12^
General Electric. .318 United States 20V.
Mass El. ex dlv.. 44 Utah 21
Mass El pfd 96 Victoria 41/
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Winona 4. 3V.
United Fruit 108 l^'olverlne I. 55
U S Steel 39<ftiu C .'. 34%
LONDON CLOSING. STOCKS.
Cons for money Mo, K S. T pfd... 60
96 11-16 N Y Central..... 159
Cons for account. t>0% Nor & Western.. 68%
Anaconda ....... 5%!Nor & We«t*pfd. 92
Atchison 81% I Ontario & Westn. 33%,
Atchison pfd 101 Pennsylvania .... 76U
Bait & Ohio 108 Reading 31%
Canadian Pacific. 130% Reading 1st pfd.. 42%
Ches & Ohio 47% (Reading 2d pfd.. 33%
Chgo G Western. 28% Southern Ry . 37Vi
Chgo, M & St P. 172 Southern Ry pfd. 96%
Den & R'o Gr... 42% Southern Pacific. 65%
D & R G pfd 03% Union Pacific 107%
Erie 37% Union Pac pfd... 90
Erie 1st pfd 69% u S Steel 40%
Erie 2d prd 53% U S Steel pfd 91U
Illinois Central... 153% Wabash 27
Louisvl & Nash..l3S% Wabash pfd. 44%
Mo. Kans & Tex. 27 Spanish 4s 80^
Bar silver, dull, 24d per ounce.
Money, 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent. . . ¦
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
market was featureless. Snow figures out the
total crop at 725,000.000 bushels, against 752,
000,000 last year. Secretary of Agriculture
Wilson, now at St. Louis." says that the Win
ter Wheat crop Is a bumper and now beyond
danger from rust. Oregon, /'Washington and
California look favorably, but under the very
best possible conditions will fall at least
5,000,000 bushels under last year. Ocean
freights are weak and present indications
favor an indefinite period of cheap - ships.
Bradstreet's gave the total exports of Wheat
and Flour for the week at 4,600,000 bushels.
The stock on hand in California June 1. as
taken by the Produce Exchange, appears In
the first column.
This market was quiet and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 1O@1 11 Vi; milling,
$1 13%@1 15 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — December — 10,000 ctls
$1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls
$1 10%.
BARLEY — The market continues weak, with
plenty of sellers and few buyers. The stock
on hand In ' the State June 1 appears in the
first column.
Feed, 93%@95c for No. 1 and 90@02%c for
off grades; brewing, -98}i®97%c; Chevalier.
$1 20 asked for standard.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
82%c.
OATS— The feeling Is turning weak, as the
new crop is getting nearer every day and buy
ers are getting cautious. Prices are still main
tained, however, but the local demand is
diminishing and becoming of a hand-to-mouth
character. The stock on hand in the State
June 1 appears in the first column.
Grays. 51 37%@1 45; Whites, $1 85@1 50;
Milling, $1 50@l 55; Black. $1 25@1 35; Red,
SI 32%@1 45 per ctl.
CORN — Quotations stand the same and "the
market is dull. The stock on hand, In the
State appears in the first column. /
Large Yellow. $1 45<gl SO: small round do.
SI 50@l 62%; White. $1 55®1 60.
RYE— 90@95c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 BO per ctl atked.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3<§3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', 53®
3 50.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $3: Rye Meal.
$2 75; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats. $5 25; Hominy. $4ii
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50® 1 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; In
sacks, $6 S5@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The feature yesterday was the arrival from
Washington of 13,740 sks of Bran, said to be
In transit for New Zealand, which Is drawing
on this market for cereal supplies, owing to
the drought In Australasia. . Otherwise there
was nothing new. Bran and Middlings continu
ing firm and Hay ruling weak. An occasional
lot of choice rope-bound old Wheat Hay, how
ever, brings 50c over the quotations.
BRAN— $18 50@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21@C4 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25®26; job
bing $2« 50®27; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31® 32; Cracked Corn. $31 50® 32 50;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal. $26 50;
HAY — New Is selling as follows: Wheat.
$S@9; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7(§8; Old is quota
ble as follows:
Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do, $9 50<gll 50; Wheat and Oat, $9@11 60;
Oat, $8@10 50: Alfalfa, $7® 11: Clover, $709;.
Volunteer, $B 50@8 50; Stock, $6@3 per ton.
STRAW — 10® 65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers report rather more Inquiry for large
White Beans, as the Government Is said to be
nibbling at the market again, though Its wants
are piesumed to be small. Other Beans show
no change. • . :
BEANS — Bayos, $2 S5@3 10; small White.
$2 35<82 45; large White. $2 3002 40; Pea, $3 25
@3 60; Pink, $2@2 20; Red. $2 50; Blaekeye,
$4 90@5; Limas. $3 60@3 70; Red Kidneys,
S3 50 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50®2 65; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25#2 50; Cana
ry, 3V>c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%®
11 %cf California. 10@10%c; Rape. l%@2}ic;
Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@2; Green. $1 40@
1 65; Blaekeye, $1 75<82.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New Potatoes In boxes were weaker owing
to the abundance of poor etock. Choice offer
ing* of Burbanks sold readily, but the Early
Rose were not wanted. Sacks from across the
bay were in light receipt and dull, as most
of the offerings are too small. There was
very little movement In old Potatoes, and prices
were unchanged.
Australian Onions are in large supply and
very dull. New Red remain as before quoted.
Offerings of Green Corn from Winters were
poor and sold slowly at 25©30c per dozen. A
small consignment of choice from Brentwood
brought 73c per dozen. Fancy Asparagus was
scarce and brought higher prices. Tomatoes
continued in light supply and offerings sold
readily. Summer Squash, Cucumbers and Peas
were offering freely and prices were shaded
slightly.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, $1 15@1 75 In
sacks; In boxes from the river, 90c®$l 25 for
the Early Rose and $1@1 75 for Burbanks
with some fancy higher; old, 90c@$l for Bur
banks from the river; from Oregon and Wash
ington, $1@1 25; River Reds, $1@1 25. .
ONIONS — Australian, $3 25@3 50. second
hands; new red, 40® 50c per sack; Silverskins,
35(ft50c per box. ¦ |
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
$2 50 per box, $1 75@2 25 for No. 1 and 75c
@$1 50 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 50@75c per box;
extra fancy, 85c@$l; Green Peas, 50<@S5c per
sack: Garden Peas. $ per sack; String
Beans, 1%®2%c per lb and 2@3c for Wax;
Refugee Beans, 3c per lb; Cabbage. 90c@$l per
ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $2 50@3. per crate;
Mexican Tomatoes, $2 50 per box; Dried .Pep
pers, 10@llc per lb; Los Angele3 do, 13@17%c;
Carrots. $1 per sack; Cucumbers from Marys
ville, $1@1 25 per box; from Arizona, $1 per
box; Hothouse do, 25® 65c per dozen; Garlic.
2@8%c for new; Los Angeles Green Peppers,
12V4@15c; Mexican do, 15@20c; Egg Plant from
Los Angeles, 7@10c; Summer Squash, $1@1 25
for small boxes and $2@2 25 for large; Marrow
fat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash.
$15@20. ¦
• Poultry and Game.
Good large Poultry continued firm at pre
viously quoted prices.',' The market did not
clean up, as some of the receipts from. Peta
luma arrived too late to be sold. No more
Eastern came in.
Hare and Rabbits wera unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13® 14c for Gob
blers and 13® 14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25; Goslings. $1 25-31 50; Ducks. $3 60@
4 for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens. $4 50@
5 60; young Roosters, $6 50@S; old Roosters,
$4 50@4 75; Fryers, $4 50® 5 50; Broilers, $3@4
for large and $2@2 50 for small ; Pigeons, $1 75
per dozen for old and $1 25@1 60 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, 75c®$l; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Butter were heavy again, as will
be seen. Prices were quoted steady, however,
though most dealers reported more on hand
than they cared to have. The two Interests
already mentioned are operating against one
another, one wanting the market up and the
other wanting It to stay where it is, and be
tween them the feeling is unsettled and. un
' satisfactory.
The firmness In Eggs continues, but there la
no change in quotations. Stocks, while still
liberal, are not as large as they were, and re
ceipts are n«r longer excessive. The Eastern
now coming in are going 1 into storage.
Cheese quotations show ' some narrow
changes. The market continues well supplied
and quiet.' •.
Receipts were 93,300 pounds and 663 cubes
1 barrel and 16 kegs of Butter, 1217 cases of
Eggs, 400 cases of Eastern Eggs, 15,800 pounds
of California Cheese and 2160 pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 21% ©22c per pound for
fancy, 21c for firsts and 20@20%c for seconds
dairy. 17@21c; store Butter, 14@l0c per pound.
CHEESE — New, 9®9%c; old, 9@llc; Young
America, 10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound, i
EGGS — Ranch, 20c for fancy and 17©19c
for fair to good; store. 17@17%c per dozen. ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Changes In Berries were slight. Choice offer
ings sold readily at full figures, but as usual
there were some poor Strawberries that had to
be sold below the quotations.
Receipts of loose Cherries were very large,
and the market had an easier tone. Only strict!
ly fancy Black In small lots brought Be per
lb, and 60c was the extreme for choice stock
in boxes.' ...
A few small consignments of Apples. Pears
and Plums came in and . sold slowly at the
quotations. Receipts of . Apricots were more
liberal and prices were lower. Peaches of the
Hale's Early variety, appeared from the river
and sold for $1 25 per box. A small crate of
Nutmeg Melons came in from Arizona, but was
not sold. A box of /Black Figs was received
from Palm Springs . and sold .for $2 60.
There are a lot of poor Oranges offering at
easy prices, but fancy stock Is . scarce and
firmly held at the top quotations. At the auc
tion a car of fancy Valenclas was offered and
cold from $2 60 to $3 CO per box. About half
Washington .;... 4.502.8S7 42.3
Hartford ......... ' 2,476,378 .... 15.7
Peoria ...........; 2,121,488 ..... ! 10.0
Toledo .......V 2,328,405 4.7 }¦¦
Portland, Or. .... ; 2,284,297 - .... 10.8
Rochester 2,50e,Ktt i . i. ,
Atlanta ........... 2,0«8,4U3 18.8
Des Molnes '¦ ) 2,001,025 20.4 ....
New Haven ..... 2,212,025 34.1
Worcester ........ 1,398,I)S1 .... • 10.1
Nashville . 1,434,576 .... 3.2
Springfield, Mass.' . 1,502,823 .... 13.1
Norfolk .. .V: .... i,348,«04 .... ..;.
Grand Rapld3 .... , 1,354,670 .... 2.4
Scranton \ 1,392,480 .... ....
Portland, Me 1,429,211 14.5 ....
Sioux City : 1.071,418 18.6 '-
Augusta 1,017,601 34.7 '
Syracuse 1,234,042 . . . ; 1.3
Dayton. 0 1,331,171 - 10.4 •- ....
Tacoma 1,094,783 6.0 ....
Spokane 1,570,032 19.7
Topeka 1,007, 0tJ5 12.0
Davenport 1,037,439 .... 9.2
Wilmington, Del. 1,050,5'H 18.1
Evansvtlle 1,112,7:15 11.5
Birmingham I 662,203 .... 20.1
Fall River ¦-/ 709.249 .... 10.0
Helena ' . 598,419 .... 21.9
Knoxville 589,515 .... 11.2
Lowell v 517,143 ..... 30.3
Akron 584,200 " 11.7
Wichita 504, SSI .... ....
Springfield -111... 680,009 12.3 .
Lexington 468,843 20.4
New Bedford.... 435,129 .... 7.0
Chattanooga ..... 533,590 * 10.1 ....
Youngstown .'.... 662,(»6S 64.2 .....
Kalamazoo ...... 470,732 8.6 ....
Fargo 460,990 12.1 ....
Binghamton . 364,300 x ....'. 1.0
Rockford 291,295 -7.6
Canton 535,000 48.1 ....
Jacksonville Fla. . 401,969 43.2 ....
Springfield.- O.... 402.095 29.6 ....
Chester ..." 330,735 42.9
Quincy - 311.253
Bloomlngton ..... 355,024 22.4 .....
Sioux Falhr 263,929 14.3 .'.,:
Jacksonville, 111.. 160,728 10.1
Fremont ;*;.. 229,999 2.3 ....
•Houston ;,...... 9,297,723 12.3 ....
•Galveston'.. 5,(551,000 9.8 ....
•Columbus," O ,6,916,000 15.0
{Wheeling,.. 681,801 16.4 '.....
JWllkesbarre .... 883,717 .... .....
SBeaumont 342,893 .... ....
Decatur 278,893
Totals, XJ. S... $1,790,823,047 ' .... 32.7
Outside N.. Y.. 736,401,459 13.1
CANADA.'
Montreal $22,677,224 22.3 ...:
Toronto .' 18,156,123 33.4 <....
Winnipeg 3,380,968 101.3 ....
Halifax 1,806,820
Vancouver B C. 1,207,756 35.9 ....
Hamilton 931.0T.5 11.4
St. John. N. B.. 1,706,077 99.5 *....
Victoria, B. C 495,201! . 40.0
JQuebec ;... 1,874,427 8.4
Ottawa 1,936,318
Totals, Canada. $52,235,650 29.8 ....
•Not Included in totals because containing
other items than clearings; J
SNot included in totals because of no com
parison for last year. »
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.
Dun's Review of Trad.e.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Pago TMxte«a.
11
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July ....... 71% ' 72 71% 71%
September ..... 70 Vi 71 70 70%
December ..... 71% . 72 ¦ , 71% 72
Corn No. 2— <
July. ...; 62% = 63 62% 62%
3eptember ..... 59 69 " 68% 68%
December 44% ,44% .'"44% ; - 44%
Oats No. 2
July, old 36% 37% ; 36% . 36%
Tuly, new 39% . 39% 38% 39%
September, old. 28% 29% 28% 29
September, new.' 30% 31% 30% 31
December, new. '30% 31 V4 30% 31
Mess pork, per barrel —
luly 17 17% 17 50 17 17% 17 40
September ..'...17 30 17 65 17 17% 17 45
Lard, per 100 pounds — ¦
July 10 20 10 25 10 20 10 25
September 10 20 10 30 10 20 10 27%
Short ribs, per 100' pounds — : ¦
July /..-....;.-.. .10 05 , 10 17% 10 02% 10 15
September 9 95 10 07% 9 95 10 07%
THE COAST RECORD.
| K E o S ja"
ETATIOKB. (Igli^fi r i
if 3 » • o •» £
: ? s : - : §
: 3 3 ¦ : : :
30.02 68 60 KW Pt Cldy .00
3aker 2a. 98 68 46 NT Cloudy .00
Carton 29.60 78 40 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.00 58 60 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29.78 »0 &6 Ml' Clear .00
HagEtaff 29.78 78 34 EW Pt CTdy .00
Pocatello. Id..23.83 74 44 SW Cloudy .00
Independence 'M. 72 86 60 6E Clear .00
Los Ang-eles.,29.82 76 64 W Clear .00
Phoenix 2».t4 100 62 XW Clear .00
Portland 23.96 74 48 N'W Cloudy .00
Refl Bluff 29.80 90 64 SE Clear .00
Royeburg 29.94 80 4S N Clear .00
Sicrameisto ..29.82 62 54 8 Clear .00
Salt L«ke 28.76 82 56 NW CTear .00
San Fmcisco.23.96 e2 62 .W Clear .00
San L. OblsiJO.29.D2 74 44 TV Clear .00
San Diego 29.84 64 68 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.02 e8 48 W Pt Cldy '.00
Epokan« 30.04 70 40 W Cloudy .01
Neah Bay 30.02 60 44 . NW Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 00 74 60 N Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca. .29.82 80 43 W Clear .00
furna 29.66 93 62 S Oear .00
IC
3K8.
2g 33
1
o"
<§sf
_'Io
3d
Effl
rrc-
Kai
Ho]
ir.d
L,1v
•»'a:
•Ce\
Sor
¦Jed
Jac
! .;.n
>aji
s-m
: an
inn
isn
tea
lco
sverdale
luea . . . .
ireka ...
esno . . . .
mford . .
.Ulster ..
lependem
.•crmore
8 Angele
1'a
wman . .
rterville
d Bluff.,
rcreide .
;ramcnto
i Dlegro . .
Francli
3 JOFf .
i L<u1t< O
ita Marl:
ita Rota
ntura
?s
I
iV
n
a
s. . .
•eo.
i...
...»2
.-. .R)
...8<j
...5K
...S>0
. . .fit
...81
...88
...82
...70
...HI
...92
. ..(W
...90
...63
...S2
...U
...02
...79
P °.e7
III «jif »
53
4<i
ss
50
CO
4:»
4't
00
48
S«
47 .
XA
52
Ci
SO
C4 ¦
ns
52
44
?S
5(1
4*
'48
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
. .00 Clear
.(X) Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
•OO Clear
.00 Clear
.<X> Clear
S
NW
NW
W*
SE
w"
SE*
h"
w
w :
w" :
o
"s
14
io
io
'c
12
fl
20
i*i
THE COAST RECORD.
| K E o S ja"
ETATIOKB. (Igli^fi r i
if 3 » • o •» £
: ? s : - : §
: 3 3 ¦ : : :
30.02 68 60 KW Pt Cldy .00
3aker 2a. 98 68 46 NT Cloudy .00
Carton 29.60 78 40 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.00 58 60 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29.78 »0 &6 Ml' Clear .00
HagEtaff 29.78 78 34 EW Pt CTdy .00
Pocatello. Id..23.83 74 44 SW Cloudy .00
Independence 'M. 72 86 60 6E Clear .00
Los Ang-eles.,29.82 76 64 W Clear .00
Phoenix 2».t4 100 62 XW Clear .00
Portland 23.96 74 48 N'W Cloudy .00
Refl Bluff 29.80 90 64 SE Clear .00
Royeburg 29.94 80 4S N Clear .00
Sicrameisto ..29.82 62 54 8 Clear .00
Salt L«ke 28.76 82 56 NW CTear .00
San Fmcisco.23.96 e2 62 .W Clear .00
San L. OblsiJO.29.D2 74 44 TV Clear .00
San Diego 29.84 64 68 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.02 e8 48 W Pt Cldy '.00
Epokan« 30.04 70 40 W Cloudy .01
Neah Bay 30.02 60 44 . NW Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 00 74 60 N Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca. .29.82 80 43 W Clear .00
furna 29.66 93 62 S Oear .00
IC
3K8.
2g 33
1
o"
<§sf
_'Io
3d
Effl
rrc-
Kai
Ho]
ir.d
L,1v
•»'a:
•Ce\
Sor
¦Jed
Jac
! .;.n
>aji
s-m
: an
inn
isn
tea
lco
sverdale
luea . . . .
ireka ...
esno . . . .
mford . .
.Ulster ..
lependem
.•crmore
8 Angele
1'a
wman . .
rterville
d Bluff.,
rcreide .
;ramcnto
i Dlegro . .
Francli
3 JOFf .
i L<u1t< O
ita Marl:
ita Rota
ntura
?s
I
iV
n
a
s. . .
•eo.
i...
...»2
.-. .R)
...8<j
...5K
...S>0
. . .fit
...81
...88
...82
...70
...HI
...92
. ..(W
...90
...63
...S2
...U
...02
...79
P °.e7
III «jif »
53
4<i
ss
50
CO
4:»
4't
00
48
S«
47 .
XA
52
Ci
SO
C4 ¦
ns
52
44
?S
5(1
4*
'48
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
. .00 Clear
.(X) Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
•OO Clear
.00 Clear
.<X> Clear
S
NW
NW
W*
SE
w"
SE*
h"
w
w :
w" :
o
"s
14
io
io
'c
12
fl
20
i*i
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July ....... 71% ' 72 71% 71%
September ..... 70 Vi 71 70 70%
December ..... 71% . 72 ¦ , 71% 72
Corn No. 2— <
July. ...; 62% = 63 62% 62%
3eptember ..... 59 69 " 68% 68%
December 44% ,44% .'"44% ; - 44%
Oats No. 2
July, old 36% 37% ; 36% . 36%
Tuly, new 39% . 39% 38% 39%
September, old. 28% 29% 28% 29
September, new.' 30% 31% 30% 31
December, new. '30% 31 V4 30% 31
Mess pork, per barrel —
luly 17 17% 17 50 17 17% 17 40
September ..'...17 30 17 65 17 17% 17 45
Lard, per 100 pounds — ¦
July 10 20 10 25 10 20 10 25
September 10 20 10 30 10 20 10 27%
Short ribs, per 100' pounds — : ¦
July /..-....;.-.. .10 05 , 10 17% 10 02% 10 15
September 9 95 10 07% 9 95 10 07%
AUCTION SALES
£sa OCCIDENTAL £-,.
HORSE EXCHANGE. -^
Bunker Hill Day eale.
On TUESDAY. June 17, I will sell from the
PIERCE' S Yerba Buena Stock Farm a con-
signment Of DRAFT HORSES weighing from
1400 to 1600, all purpose and standard trotters,
brood mares and their foals; and from their
SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM, standard and
registered trotters, including fine matched
teams, sired by Sidney Billon (sire of Dolly
Dillon. 2:07). On' Stanley 2:17V4, Fram 2-.14V+.
Diablo 2:09V4, Bay Rose 2:20%, Director 2:17.
Electioneer. General Benton. etc. Watch thia
column for further particulars. Catalogues
Issued June 12.
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
One car load SOUND. GENTLE H0RSE9:
also good second-band rigs; 1 camper's wagon.
721 HOWARD ST.THE SAN FRA1STGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
t£9 McAllister Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
515 Larkin etreet: coen until 9:30 p. m.
1041 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22a Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p« m.
_200 Fill— lore street: open untli 9 p. m.
MKETIKG NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. Htt. F. & A. M.— _.
Called meeting THIS iSATURDAY) J_
EVENING, at 7:.'i0 o'clock. Third de- KV
gree. K. E. ALLAN. Secretary. . ~y *
"WOODMEN OF THE _-. - _|
WORLD. >_i_--B*~~$$k
Members are particu- jTSt-^JftAicW 3^1
larly letjuetted to attend fc;!j«^*_ii_2_^ti/
the memorial services to J-aygf-*""" *~^
be h«ld BUKIAAX. June
S at 2 o'clock p. m., AUuuiitim Theater,
Kddy and Jones sts. All laemoers o£ Wood-
cratt and thtir friends invited.
D. L. FITZGERALD,
Chairman General Committee.
D. OLIVER JK.. Secretary.
TH1£ 22d annual jiicnlc of the S«r- __*_.
vian-Montenegrin L. and B. So- Jfinr_l
cicty will be held TO-MORROW i»ft« r
(Sunday), June t>, at Buena Vista -SCJ/j?**
Park, Sausalito. There will be ijfewf*^
numerous for which valu- •,*¦.»¦ U'jifl
able i-rizes will be given. Vi'i'HnBW/
Officers; and members — You are \V^.F-5_/
respectfully requested to assemble xSgy''
at Society Kali, Sunday morning-
at £:30 Eharp, to take part in our parade.
Fine for non-attendance will be strictly en-
forced. By order of
JOHN RUKAVIZA. Prest
E. T. BALICH. rtec. Secy.
KOT1CE of meeting of stockholders for pur-
pose of voting on issue of bonds. Office of
Associated Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
uard building, corner or California and Mont-
comery ets., San Francisco, Cal. April 28.
1802. — Notice is hereby given that pursuant
to a resolution of the board of directors of
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously
adopted on the 2Sth day of April, 1902, at a
regular meeting of said board duly held ia
the city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, whereat more than three-
iourths of the directors of said board were
present and voted, a meeting cf thfc stock-
holders of said corporation will be held at
the office and principal place of business cf
fiaid corporation, to wit: Eleventh floor
BUSINESS CHAyC~S— -Contjj_w'nt»<L;
A PATRON Invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 17 a week; In less than
five months he had drawn as much in divi-
dends as his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against loss;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
loss; we accept accounts as low as $10; divi-
dend for week ending May 31, $5 04; write
or call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
615, Emma Spreckeis building.
ROUTE in Western Addition: building up dis-
trict: reasonable. Box 1792. Call. *
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
20 ROOMS; clears $60 $200
18 rooms; Just listed *hhJ
12 rooms; snap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate...... 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
REDUCED to $1075: 14 rooms, furnished ele-
gantly; $350 cash; bal. monthly. RETSLOFF.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market at
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms; sunny; g>-od renter 950
8 rooms: sunny flat: corner _00
1 1 rooms ; downtown ; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at IU per cent per month.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1^ per cent.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market Bt — (Inc.). . .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. .
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. %
New houses to lease.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.$6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; 'fine location.. 1500
14 room's: rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
BARGAINS and many choice investments' In
flrst-clas_ lodging and boarding houses at ail
times: bona flde buyers are welcome to in-
Epcction; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
017 Market st, bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone M'nt 1911.
BUY yorr houses direct from a furniture dealer
DENTISTS— .Continued. ___
A' NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates. $5, full set; all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, . 24 Sixth st
SET of teeth without platf. DR. H. . G.'
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ¦ v 1 - '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
_:
EDUCATIONAL department of the Young
Men's Chrlttlan Association — Day classes;
small classes - or individual instruction in
commercial, scientific x and . high school
branches; hours and terms may be. arranged
with the educational director at the building.
Night school — Students are admitted at any
time to the classes in stenography, type-
writing, arithmetic, bookkeeping, penman-
ship and steam engineering.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; -thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
! how do they all get positions and hold them?
I 34 positions in March. 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F.' Busi-
net s College, 1230 Market st. ¦
HKALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mlnlngr
engineering: day and night: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt.
A SELECT class for young ladles; physical
culture and fancy drill corps. Hallett School,
Ajcazar building. ' ¦'
PIANIST (lady); good accompanist and sight
reader; desires N engagements; pupils required.
2755' Bush st. ¦
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
et., for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookpg., penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
-associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
FLATS LET— FURNISHED.
TO let— Furnished flat of 5 rooms; bath and
laundry; rent low.. Apply between 2 and 4
V o'clock at 79 South Park. - ¦ ' v
FLAT — Furnished and single rooms. 800 Lyon
, st., cor." Golden' Gate nve. ¦
GOLPEN GATE .1517 — i rms.:bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
GOOD chance to buy . fine furniture modem
flat; flat to rent; central. . I'hone Howard 856.-
COMMODIOUS. sunny, corner 7-room flat; ele-
gantly furnished. .1800 Sutter st. .
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE. _ _^
FOR sale or exchange — Equity In 6-room cot-
tage in Berkeley, with modern improvements;
want business or clear lots. T. K. BESS,
• 425 ' Montgomery ¦ st. . : ¦:..-¦'¦ '•¦'¦•"' ;¦
V^^Vfurniture for : sale^-^.^
FURNITURE of 6 rooms; modern sunny flat;
must be sold by. Monday; owner at premises.
1404 Folsom st. ; call from 9 to 11 ; no dealers.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A FINE lot of mahogany furniture for . sale
cheap. 313 Twenty-seventh St., near Church.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons' S.' J. WAUGH. r. 415/ Examiner big.
A. WOLLPfeRT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
: gloves. / •:
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A^TcTnRrHANSEN'^CO.'S^^^Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitress, - nice small summer resort see
party here at 9 a. m $20
2 waitresses, Lake Co., party here.....;.. $20
Waitress, springs, help' s hall i ... $20
Pantry woman, springs .: $25
Chambermaid, short distance (straight
work) i....$17 50
Chambermaids, city .$lo, $18
2 mangle girls, sleep home.. $0 60 week
¦ Laundress, . country hotel..... $25
Waitress, watering resort, fare one way.. $20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare one way. .$20
Chambermaid to wait, meal resort'. *0
Head waitress, waiting resort. ...........
Dinner waitress. $10
4jwaitresses, short distance/ .$25
2 waitresses, Arizona. $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
j Housegirl, watering resort, 2" in family, $20;
woman cook for men on a fruit ranch, fare
I here. S5I1 rail oarlv <Hrl (n.nl^hf nrnmon
HELP WMTED~MALB~__hu_ wi
MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 6848
¦-¦• Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
t!34-036 Clay St.
NEVADA.
SALT LAKE DIVISION.
ARIZONA.
SANTA FE AND S. P. R. R. CO.'S WORK.
$1 FEE; no other expenses to the above work.
FARE IS FREE.
. SHIP DAILY. •
749 teamsters, two and four horse, $2 to $2 60
a day .-.. '•
873 laborers, $2 to $2 25; 60 car dumpers,
*2 25 ........:...;
175 concrete laborers, ?2 25; scraper holders;
drillers, rockmen, hammersmen.......
.ABOVE AIKN WANTED AT...
FREE FARE. .
-Salt Lake Division, Kokeby, Moleen, Iron
Point, Battle Mountain, Palisade, Felston,
Vista, Keno, Dltha, Wadsworth, Elko
ARIZONA •
20 teamsters, 2 blacksmiths, camps.. $«0 & fd
SANTA FE' CO.' S WOHK
75 laborers to work In section, steel ballast
and extra gangs, $1 75 day....FKE_ FAKK
Get Our Daily Lists, Keady at 7 a. m. ...
....1 FHEE FARE
. ... ... TO THE MOUNTAINS
SAWMILLS .WOOD- YARDS
Healthy climate where the timber grows....
WE- PAY YOUR FARE. .
227 men- for different mills in Mendocino Co.,
fare paid; wa_es $30 to $t>0 and found; no
experience
69 laborers for lumber company, Sonoma Co.,
see bosses here; no experience required. $30,
$35, $40 and found •
132 men to pile lumber, work in mills and
yards and make themselves useful lor dif-
ferent companies in Shasta, Placer, San Ma-
teo, ¦ Trinity, Nevada and otner dountles;
wages, $30 to $75 and found
<Mog loaders, see boss here, $55 and found;
10 Jack screwers, $45; 3 setters, see boss
here, $i)0, and all classes of skilled sawmill
and woods help wanted •••
MINES AND LABORERS
5 Dally list ready, 7 a. m
47 miners for different mines, north and
south .......Wages $2 50, $2 75 and $3 day
60 laborers for one of the largest mines iu
" Cal.; no experience required; you'll suit....
............Wages $40 to $52 and found
20 laborers for a good mine, south $00
44 drillers, rockmen and powdermen
379 laborers for different work In and near
the city... $2, $2 25 day and $30 and $40 Si fd
......Get our daily list '....
MECHANICAL : . . CARPENTERS
10 carpenters, sawmill company. In moun-
tains, long job. $3 60 day; 4 carpenters, com-
pany work, country, #3 60 day
Second engineer, gasoline launch, see. boas
here 'early, $75 and found; cooper." oil com-
¦ pany, country, $40 and found; granite mason,
$5 day; 10 blacksmiths, shops and camps,
$2 50 to $3 60; woodworker, camp, $45 and
found; wagonmaker, camp, city, good Job;
Jack man, steam shovel; patternmaker. $3 60
to $4 day; 47 positions for other mechanics.
..t. MISCELLANEOUS
Young man to learn creamery business; busgy
HELP^ WAJfTEP--MALE---Cqn.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
Phone Main 1191.
500 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen and
steam shovel dumpers. .$2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE... SHIP TO-DAY
To Wadsworth, Rokeby, . Battle Mountaiu.
Vista. Telegraph Point and Carlln Fee $1
100 railroad men S. P. Co.'s own work
Free tare Coast Division . . ...... Fee $1
50 railroad men ..S. P. Co.'s own work
Eastern Division Ship to-day
. 25 railroad men •
-.-. ....S. p. Co.'s work; Contra Costa Co.
29 laborers for mines, north .. .$2 per day
46 laborers and miners, south.. $2 to $2 50 day
13 quarrymen, free fare ¦$'- per day
3 woodchoppers. Santa Cru- County
$2 50 per cord
2 men to clear land $-J0 per acre
b" tanbark men for Wllllts 5 15 and found
20 men for Napa County $2 per day
6 tie swampers, Mendocino Co. .$35 and found
4 tie sledders, Mendocino Co... $40 and found
11 tiemakers, Mendocino Co 12c to 18c
2 waiters, hotel $27 per month
4 cooks- $40 to $60
4 waiters, city restaurants.. $30 and found
3 waiters, city restaurants. $7 and $8 per week
6 boys, factory work $0 to $7 50 per week
1 milker, 15 cows $30 and found
4 teamsters, near city $2 per day
30 men. city work $2 per day
3 carpenters $3 50 per day
Many other positions. Call and read our
bulletin. ' ;".,i:T
SOLDERERS, boys and girls. Apply American
Can Co.. factory. 7th and Townsend sta.
WANTED — A waiter. 2002 Fillmore street.
$45— CIGAR store; well stocked; must be sold
this week; good bargain. Call at 622 Fourth.
WANTED — Vest operator, male or female.
Apply factory S.. N. WOOD. 27 Geary at.
CARRIAGE bodymaker.
Striper and varnlsher.
O'BRIEN & SONS. Polk st. and G. G. ave.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday at 517
Montgomery ave. , )
WANTED — An apprentice for architect's office;
graduate high school preferred. Box 290. Call.
WANTED — An up-to-date downtown barber
shop. Box 310, Call office.
WANTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St. Improvement Co.
RESTAURANT waiters and bus boys as ex-
tras for Shriners' convention; no fee.. 526
Montgomery st. •
BARBERS — $15 buys 2 chairs and poles. 172
Minna st, room 12.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
5 navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches, and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
LOST AND FOUXD — Continued.
STRAYED — From Twentieth and Sanchez eta.,
brlndle cow; owner will be thankfur for In-
formation. JERRY SHEEHAN, Army and
V Diamond sts. _________________
LOST — $5 reward, cocker spaniel, whita and
brown; our pet: has collar and tag. 455
Seventh St.. Oakland. GEO. H. LEE.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch casea.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
Brass, iron beds: mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission; tel.Maln 730.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR^ALE^,
BOILERsTengines. 2d-hand machinery. Mcln-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
TENTS — TENTS — TENTS.
7 r >0 to 100O new & second-hand tenta to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
A BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswlck-Balke-Co) lender Co.. 652 Mission.
FOR sale — Double seated surrey, good as new;
very reasonable. Inquire at 214 Ashbury st,
near Hayes. \ ;
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale at.
ENGINES boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
LUMBER and firewood. 823 Folsom, at.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia st. * cor. 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER. & CO.. 110 Montg-y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. \
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movin*
picture machines, films. Daclgalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sites, new and 2d-han_
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont su
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery.enginea and boiler*
go to D.J.McMasterg.SE.cor.2d A Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pls-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post ft.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
and California streets, in the city and county
cf San Francisco, State of California, said
building being the building where the board
cf directors of said corporation usually meet,
and said place being the place in said build-
ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tloD usually meet, on Monday, the 7th day
of July, 1902, at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
cb^ect and purpose of then and there con-
Eidering and voting upon a proposition to
create a bended indebtedness . of said As-
sociated Oil Company, in the* sum of five
million dollars, payable in United States gold
coin, and to secure taid bended indebtedness
eo proposed to be created by a mortgage
«ipon. or deed of trust of all the property
of said corporation now owned or hereaCtcr
to be acquired by it during the life or term
cf said mortgage or deed of trust By order
of the beard of directors Associated Oil Com-
pany.
(Seal) By O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting- — The regular annual meet-
ing of *he stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Coi_pany will be held at the offie of
the company, :;27 Market st, San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 26th day of May,
19C2. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for tbo
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion cf such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will closa
on Friday, May ic. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office. 327 Market Et.. San Francisco. Cal.
Tfce above meeting; has been postponed until
Monday. June 2. l!*02. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A, GIBSON. Sec.
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday. June 9^ 1002. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Sam, Ahtye, in the Secret Dig-
irings Mine, near Laporte, Plumas County.
Cal., to deposit tailings in worked out pit
draining into Clark or Slate Creek, and from
P. J. Sheridan and E. N. Ekel. in the
Lancha Plana Mine, at Lancha Plana, Ana-
<Ior County, Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked
out pit draining into Mokeluinne River, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
f>6. Flood Building. San Francisco, Cal.. on
Juae 16, 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing: ?1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
A GOOD chance for experienced agents. Apply
at once. Royal Portrait Co.. 143 Seventh st.
on easy payments.
1C rooms: clears $40 J500
11 rooms; clears $30 $350
8 rooms;; clears $30 $300
And other bargains. 842 Howard 6t
SNAP— $2600; 30-room house: rent $05; $150<Ji
37-room house, rent $50; good furniture; first-
class location. Inquire MeBRIDE & CO.,
7C5 Market st
MISSION. 664 — A newly furnished rooming-
house. 10 rooms; owner must leave city;
barber shop combined.
7K ROOMS; best-paying transient Kearny-st.
lodging-house; 3 years' lease; no agents. Box
222, Call. -
$175 — 7-ROOM house; pood furniture; good .lo-
cation. Inquire 765 Market st, room 2.
SPIRITUALISM.
WYLLIE. photo medium; short stay longer;
bring camera and plates; come, skeptics. 300
Turk st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. I1G4 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night 10c; proph-
etic readings, ladies. 50c; gents $1. 132 Cth.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1C01: seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^PROF PAUlTdESTINE. ¦ ~
XHH FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted dally on all
affairs of life. His infoimatlon and advice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love and
family affairs, business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc., are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful in business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
ing and chronic disease that has baiflled the
physician's skill cured without medicine;
there is no home so sad and dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no life so
hard and blighted that cannot be set right
KENT Law School, day and night. 554 Parrott
Building (Emporium). Send for particulars.
SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
¦BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market gt.
LEARN ad. writing; terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st:, S. F.;
founded 1SC3;. new SO-page catalogue free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1C pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 PoweIl,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand J^paneEe-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help..
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish moat
reliable help. C24 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable houFecleaning. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.; tel. Fell 8501. -
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. J.tain 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
HOUSEKEEPER by neat American woman,
elderly; experienced with the care of chil-
dren; capable the entire work of small fam-
ily; wages $12 to $15. Box 268, Call.
A RELIABLE woman desires a position; care
of sick or invalid: references; terms reason-
able. Box 315, Call.
A SITUATION as housekeeper or care for
rooming-house by woman of experience. Ad-
dress 933 Mission St.
GERMAN woman wishes to do laundry work
at her own home; special attention paid to
flannel and delicate colored pieces. 149 4th.
POSITION wanted as working housekeeper or
rook on ranch. Arirtrpss 93.1 MIsrIati at
with a child, country, $15; young girl to
assist housework, nice place, $10; nice place
for housecrirl, country, treated as one of the
family, $20; numerous other places 'for the
country as well as the city.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush at
(Opposite California . Hotel, bet Kearny
st. and Grant ave.) ' -
WANTED — 10 waitresses for springs, fare
here, §25; clerk for candy store, country, $20
and found; 4 cooks, no wash, $25, $30; « res-
taurant waitresses, $6, $7; nursegirl, 2 chil-
dren, to go to springs, $20; S family hotel
waitresses, city, ?20, $25; 7 general house-
work girls for country places, $20, $25;
mother and daughter, for country place, $40;
also a large number of girls fpr all kinds of
housework; good wages; call to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., -334 Sutter st
A — MRS. M. E. DAY Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
5 waitresses, mountain resort $25
12 waitresses, springs $25
2 waitresses, water resort $20
3 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel. .$25
18 waitresses, city and country $25-$_0
10 extra waitresses, 8 to 10 days' work.'.$l 50
MRS. M. E. DAY... ...335 Geary st.
A SEAMSTRESS. $25; second girl, $25; cook,
$30; nursegirl, must travel, $20; nursegirl,
country, $20; housegirl, $30; ranch cook, $20;
woman to cook for 5 men, $25; housekeeper,
$25; cook and second girl, $30 and $25.
MRS NORTON; 313 Sutter st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD, PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.'
WANTED — Lady agents in every town to In-
troduce the best seller on earth; entirely new
and success guaranteed; write at ence.
Globule Medical . Co.. , 426 Kearny. st, S.F.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for ribbons
and fancy goods: Apply MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market st j •; ¦' -:
WANTED — Lady cashier for retail store; hours
7 a. m.'to 7 p. m. ; steady position; give ref-
erence and wages expected. Box 312, Call.
YOUNG lady to assist with housework and 2
wasner $ou; narness cleaner, »ou; x_ »_u«.-
men. city and country. $30, $35 to $60 and
found;" 8 milkers, Nevada, fare paid, $35 and
found; 3 farmers and wives, $45 and found;
man and wife, private place, $40 and found,
see party here; laborers for brick yard; brick
wheelers; sheep herder, $30 and found.
AGRICULTURAL DEPT.
FARMS /. DAIRIES
..HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
283 men to work in hay. and harvest fields
in all counties
$1 25. $1 60 and $2 day and found
Farm hands for steady job on fruit farms
and vineyards $30 and $35 and found
4 sheepherders, $30 and found; 45 choremen
¦ and choreboys, private places and ranches;/
3 milkers, ¦ Nevada, fare paid, see boss here,
$35 and found; 68 milkers, city and country,
$30, $35 and $40 and found. . . .'
HOTELS BUTCHERS
BAKERS KITCHEN HELP
Camp cook, city, see boss - here, ' $50 and
found; cook, institution, country, $40 and
found; second cook, . country, $50 and found;
cook, country hotel, near city, $40 and found;
11 oth* cooks; 2 bread ibakers, $45 and
found; second baker, cakes, .$45 and
found; head waiter, country hotel, $35; 25
waiters, city and country hotels, $30 to $40
and found; butcher, country shop, $40 and
found; 25 kitchen hands, dishwashers, etc.
Daily List Ready 7 a. m
Call and Get One ., . .
.MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay St.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY,
59 3d st., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
....Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
......TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free Fare Free Fare
Office fee $1; no other expenses
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per «ay
100 rock men. $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
FREE FARE .FREE FARE
Mendocino County. .7 Big Sawmill
50 railroad laborers.. $26 per month and board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
...% $26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TQ-DAY .FREE FARE
FOR- LUMBER WOODS.
Full crew for new lumber camp; 50 barkers,
crosscutters, chain tenders, Jackscrew men.
timber fellers, swampers, $40 to $60 per
month and board
FOR SAWMILL-...
10 lumber pliers $40 per month and board
RANCH HANDS .............
CO hay hands, $1 25 to $1 50 per day and
board i
further Information apply at the. Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
TWO first-class agents for country trip; must
be family men and responsible; $10 per week
and commission. Address at once, C. F.
HOWELL. Vallejo. '
WANTED — By leading building and loan as-
sociation, experienced solicitor: liberal con-
tract: salary and commission. Address box
291, Call.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box 213, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
i tion; catalogue free; special- Inducements this
month. Moler System College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Houao proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER shob for sale: first-class, up-to-date
modern furniture; centrally located. Sec.
Barbers' Union, Spreckeis bldg., 925 Market.
ACTIVE young man with some experience as
assistant in drafting room; state experience
and terms. Box 305, Call office.
WANTED — A cood blacksmith and wood-
worker. Apply to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth
and Vermont sts.
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
with towels. 40c per 100. Yosemlte Towel
1 Supply Co., 70S McAllister; phone Kate 28.
WANTED by Master Association —
Union fathers, $2 60 per M. Box 18. Build-
ers' Exchange, 1110% Broadway, Oakland.
MEN wanted at 1155 Market st to buy United
Workingmen's $3 50 shoes at $1 50.
SOLICITOR for merchant tailor; wages or com-
mission. 1125 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
PANTS maker ¦ for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Man who understands the florist
business. 500 Halght st . . .
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com.' Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
BIG prices paid for sealskin ccats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton at.; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 49C0, Call.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stone.
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st: tel. Jessie 2851.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectricalWk3.413 Turk.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN~_IURPH Y?^^l^«i2^xaminer "bldsrl
.i.... $4,500, 000 at less than bank rates -
LOANS MADE -
On first _nd second mortgages -
Life interests in estates.......'..*
........Property beins held In trust «
Undivided interests in real estate..... -
Estates in ' probate — Legacies «
Assignment of rents «
Life insurance policies -
..Financial problems of all sosts and sizes. „
If you need money «
See HERMAN MURPHY
601-602 Examiner building
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room X
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
,On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estat*.
On estates In probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery at. room 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 323 Montgomery st.
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of Interest
Long- or short term. --
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market at; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third.
mttmt— tt»at. T.n»T, riffl™ iftt Orant ait. near
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
E. TV. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
CIS: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
C_ge£. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; iesal papers drawn; consultation free;
co advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
r.o charge without success; established 1(1 yrs.
O..W. HOWE, S50 Market et, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open eves. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market.
J"'JX R. AITKEN, attorney at law. Rooms
..j-.j-10-ll. Clunie bldg.. 503 California et.
ADVICE free; cpen every evening; low fees;
-11 cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. ; consultation free ; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exclian.e.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tire», bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market 1&68 to 1974 Page.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
ONE or two children to board: good home; best
of care; reasonable. S95 Oak Bt. Alameda.
BOOXCS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; librarlea purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; teL Howard 1946.
and kept right, atter a visit to this inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble
you may have, call' and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught, Modlumistlc Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you from $10 to $25 per day. Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. m. to S p. m.
320 O'Farrell Street 326
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third at, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
pening? and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25o
up; satisfaction cuaranteed. Tel. Black 45C9.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person: 3 questions answered. $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25<s — SPECIAL $1 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; "reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 dally.
1010 Mission st, near Sixth.
ARRIVED — ARRIVED.
PALMERO. the Wonder, clairvoyant and palm-
ist has arrived and is now located at 993 Mar-
ket; office/ 4; hours 9 p. m. to 5 p. m. daily.
MME. PORTER; wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bcrn with double veil — second sight;
AN EXPERIENCED, reliable young English
woman desires re-engagement, attend con-
finements, nurse sick, charge of invalid;
charges reasonable; personal and written ref-
erences given. 1214A Mason St., phone Clay
217. |
THOROUGHLY competent dressmaker wishes
work by the day in families; city or country;
fitting warranted. Box J.. 218. Call office.
LADY wishes nursing by the day; experienced.
824 Green st.
GERMAN woman wiehes position as invalid's
nurse; willing to assist with housework;
first-class reference as to capability and char-
acter. 149 Fourth st, rear house.
A COMPETENT, experienced woman would
like place as companion to elderly lady or in-
valld.. Box 304, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $C week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken ' for The
Cal! at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. /
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
STEADY, sober, experienced .man wants posi-
tion in country as coachman; thoroughly
understands \ driving, care of horses, . cows.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $250 OYSTER and chop hou»T^^irki_~str;
rent $16; good location and good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— fC50; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
man ana wife. R. G. WILKE, 28% Kearny.
A — $oM>; CANDY, ice cream and notion store
with 4 living rooms; rent $15; a splendid local
tion and good paying business in Western Ad-
-itlon. See R, G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $500; CORNER grocery and. bar. with llv-
ing-roome; rent $42; best location on Leav-
en worth et.; good paying. Call R. G.
"WILKE. 26% Kearny et
A— ?2650; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
bldg. ; rent 575; a first-class paying business.
Particnlars R. G. WILKE. _6% Kearny st
A— $700; SALOON: only one block north of
Market Et.; net rent $25; a good paying busi-
nes ti_ value la "slcht. For particulars see R.
G. WILKE, 2S% Kearny Et
A— $1600; RESTAURANT on Market at; daily
receipts about $00; lease; splendid chance- a
money maker. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearry «t
A S
g^S&l?-^i5--V_i ' eIllng - See *•
A— $450; BAKERY, established years; all store
trade; rent $40: 2 rooms and kitchen- baklnsr
1 barrel per day. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
A— DAIRY Droduce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $350 per, month; estab
years; the best investment In any kind of
business. Call R. G. WD.KE. 26% Kearny.
W ?°^ P . ARTXER w^l te<1 la IlKht tineas; $18
to f25 a week, with chance to make $35 in
ehort time; plain, steady man win flnd this
a chance worth taking. 25 Geary st. rm. 4.
CIGAR store, best bargain in city for small
amount of money: owner sick In bed- must
sell cheap. 1016 Market et.. room 10.
FOR sale— $75; bakory, confectionery and laun-
dry office, near a large school; 2 living room«.
rent $14. Call at 805% Filbert st '
PEDDLING business for eale. including horse
nnd wag-on; cheap, account sickness, sao
Fourth Et. ; call afternoons.
EFECXJlL bargain— Saloon, worth $500. tor
$300; must be sold at once; party going east
to look after real estate. Call or add H ">
002% Third Bt.; no agents. '
$8500 — Commercial hotel on leading business
etreet clearing $C50 monthly net; whole or
half interest; partner going to Europe: no
agents. Box 275. Call office.
$500 — IN Ala— teda; branch bakery, groceries,
candy, dears RT><i notions; will invoice price
asked. Address Box SOS, Call.
FOR sale — Hotel, C6 rooms, bar and dining
room. Inquire Anchor Brewery, 1481 Pacific
rtreet after 2 p. m.
OYSTER and chop house for eale; old estab-
lished place. 844 Third Bt.
RESTAURANT, biggert bargain in city, for
immediate sale. 11 Mason st
genta$l; palm, and clair. sit $1 60. 126 Turk! -
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date. J.
MYERS, postofflce box 2224, San' Francisco.
ADVICE on love and all business alTairs; read-
Ings dally. MME. J. J. LYONS, 1016 Mar-
ket st and 11 Eddy, rooms 8 and 9; hrs. 10-9.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor St.. clairvoyant
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st-
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 50c. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst-
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for $1. 1008^ Market, op. 5th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULD ING" S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; teL South 40.-
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market, brt.eth_9th;tel:Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st •
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.,'carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 2C3.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; teL Mission 74.
S COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— NfT~charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
HAIGHT, 638— $35; beautiful six-room cot-
tage, finished basement. Rm 410 855 Market.
510— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath, yard, cellar,
water free. 1254A. Folsom street ,
__^ m _JDENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SCW^ari^tTcorT
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
l(«f<ly; teeth without plates our specialty gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays
8 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Mana ger
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason—
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators-
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
gardens, carriages and harness. Call or ad-
dress Coachman, 712 Fourteenth st, S. F.
COACHMAN, first-class, wants position; thor-
ough, good horseman; sober, industrious and
strictly honest; first-class references. J. K.,
box 304, Call office.
A STEADY reliable man, two years in present
position, desires work in wholesale or com-
mission house, with chance of advancement;
fair wages. Box 393, Call office.
RELIABLE colored man wishes position as por-
ter, waiter, watchman; good reference. Ad-
dress DRAPER, 1013 Powell st.
YOUNG man would like porter work or drive
delivery. Address C. H., 529 Noe st
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
florist and gardener, to take charge of big
place, either private or commercial; single;
good references. Address G. D., box 272, Call.
YOUNG man, speaks Spanish, French, Italian,
Russian, German and English, wants position'
Box 2S9. Call. - -\ .
BAKER, foreman. Al man, wants place; city
or country; is steady and reliable. Address
Baker, 225 Third St.. Oakland.
YOUNG man of good education and experience
desires position as assistant cashier or book-
keeper. Box 216. Call .office.
GOOD Japanese cook wants position, city or
San Mateo County; many years' experience;
speaks English very well. Y. 8., 1329 Pine.
A Japanese boy wants position to do housework
or plain cooking. T. VALLEYS, 121 Halght
street, S. F., Telephone number Fell 7951.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
~ FINANCIAL. "
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
told ; stock accepted for services. Send for
' Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Po»t
NOTICE] TO FRUIT-GROWERS— Ship your
early fruit and potatoes direct to Farmers'
Union. Seattle. Wash. . : . :.
FLATS TO LET. ; .
4 roms. Page st....$15(R rooms. Jackson st.$35
5 rooms Central av. 20, Polk & Clay 7 rms. 50
SPECK & CO., 067 Market at;
A — TWO cozy 4 and 5 rooms, bath, down-
town, $21 and $23; put in order to suit. 316
and 318 Myrtle ave., near Franklin st.
HARRISON, x665 — Upper flat. 4 sunny rooms
and bath; rfo children.
HAYES. 1747. near Park — Lower, flat, 6 sunny
rooms, bath, $20;. water freo. ' ¦-
TENTH, 435 — Flat 6 ; , rooms, I'ath and ' laun-
dry. . ¦ ¦• - - ¦ __ • •;
CALIFORNIA, 1250— Furnished flat of 4 rooms
bath, $25. Particulars phone Green 97C. _ '
FLAT of 5 large rooms. Corner of Third and
Minna sts. ¦• - . . - .
TO rent— Lower flat of 1520 and upper fiat of
1518 Broadway, near Van Ness ave.
$16 — Bay- window ¦ sunny flat; five rooms. 28W
West Mission st,, bet Twelfth and Brady...
children; fair wages. ¦ Call 1 Belcher court
off 14th st.. bet. Church and Sanchez.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for skirt ond
waist department; good wages. Address F.
R., Call office. - ¦
I CAN place two energetic trustworthy women
into lucrative positions; business experience
necessary. Box 314, Call office.
WANTED — Competent girl for waiting and sec-
ond work; wages $25. Call between 10 and 12
a. m. or 5 and 6 p. m. at 1640 Pine st. .
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work; Ger-
man preferred^^
GERMAN girl for light housework. Call at
1141 Hampshire st to-day.
WANTED — Dressmakers and aewers. Apply
2208 Geary st.
1ST-CLASS sewers on ladies' wrappers, skirts
etc., take work. home. H. Friedlander, 338 Fell
GIRL to work In grocery store. 967 Howard
street ¦_.¦ • ;
GIRLS, be your «wn boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; halrdresstng,
manicuring, massage, hairwork taught in 2
weeks; price $3 60; employment guaranteed;
• class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-10.
FORELADT wanted for shirt factory in city;
one having the thorough knowledge of mak-
ing up shirts. Apply, stating experience,
A. B.. box 298, Call office.
LADIES to learn barber trade: only two
months required: special offer this month;
halrdressing taught In four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
Halrdresslng, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, halrwork; splendid position in stores
and with private customers. $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks 55; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market r. 94.
WANTED — Ve3t operators and vest finishers;
also ; apprentices to learn. Apply, factory
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st ,
WANTED— Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 27 Geary st. ¦¦ . ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on wool and ellk
waists; apprentices to sew on buttons; good
pay. San Francisco Mfg. Co.. 523 Market. .
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit sales-
lady; permanent position. Apply or address
Golden Gate. Cloak House. 1230 Market st.
WANTED — Reliable waitress for a saloon;
ubual commission. Apply 70 Jackson st.
TWO pianists - to play for lescons. HOOVER
University of Physical Culture, 1327 Market.
GIRLS from 15 to 17 for factory work.- Apply
at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
" SON & CO., 535 Market st.
WANTED— Women and Rirls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st ; .,..-:.-¦
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ; been established, at 1090
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
FARMER and wife, $50; man and wife, pri-
vate - family, $60; 6 . stout . boys for company
work, $1 25 day; boys for factory, . 75c to $1
day; boys for laundry, $7 week; boy for paint
shop,- $4 week and Increase; laborers for city
and country, . mills,' mines, quarries, $2 day
. and $45 and board ;¦ laborers ami teamsters,
$2 to $2 25 day, fare paid; machine miner,
¦ • $3' day; farmers, " milkers, ¦' butter "; makers,
choremen, "~ coachmen, , gardeners and others.
J.F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BLACKSMITH and floorman. $2 50 day and
board; 2 blacksmiths for cltj> $2 50 day; 3
; ranch blacksmiths,; $40 ¦ and board; black-
smith's helpers for /ranch. Jobbing shops and
carriage work, $35 and board and $2 to $2 25
day; 1 2 carriage - setters * for mill, .$3 day; 6
more, carpenters, * country, $4 day; •¦ car-
penters, city, $3 50 day;; ; - wheelwright
for ranch, $40 and board; carriage black-
smiths, painters and other; mechanics. J.
F. CROSETT & COr, 623 Sacramento at _'; '.
SECOND cook and. wife as Waitress, • $65; sec-
' ond cook, boarding-house, $40.' and ¦ found;
camp cook. $45; ; restaurant cook, $70; res-
taurant second cook,- $10 week; pastry cook,
'country hotel, $40; restaurant . .and hotel
I waiters., dishwashers, bell boys ¦ and others.
J..F.CRO3ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st— Head walT
. er, $40; barkeeper for ; country liquor ¦• store,
$30; hotel waiter. $30; second. cook, $60; fry
cook, ,$70; .vegetableman,: $25;' silver pantry-
man, $25 to $30; young man to learn cook-
ing, . $20; assistant waiters. $30 -and $1 50 a
1 day; butler, $40;: florist, $30; man and wife,
country boarding-house. ¦• no -cooking, . $40;
kitchen hand, $20 to $30, etc. ...
10 laborers, concrete work ........ $2 : per day
Man and wife and helper to cook for 80 men
and email family .' $100 per month
Plumber's helper, country $55 per month
Milker, country. 21 cows.. $32 50 per mo. & td
'5 milkers $35 to $40 per month and found
25 laborers for new rock • job, city,- can.
board at home $2 per day
Camp cook $55 per month
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third at
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st
Opposite California Hotel
Between Kearny st. and Grant ave....
Free Fare.. Free Fare
FOR NEVADA
We ship to all points in' State of Nevada on
' C. P. reconstruction work
2000 teamsters, laborers, ropkmen, . scraper
- holders and loaders and concrete men, $2,
$2 25 and $2 50 a day..:...
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and out-
side laborers $1 75 to $3 a day
SHIP TO-NIGHT ,
Free Fare .Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO..'.. 429 Bush st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery,- r. 12.
Head waiter, $40; 3 waiters, $30; yardman,
$25; steward, $50; assistant clerk, $15; laun-
dryman, $40; electrician, $50, for steam
laundry. . > • , ' .
LABORERS shipped free to Nevada. . 17
Stepart st. Co-operative Employm't Bureau.
WANTED — A general tailor for country; a
steady party who wants to settle in the
country can buy the establishment In Sep-
tember; can work for wages from now on
until then. For further particulars apply
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter at
WANTED— For U. S. army, < ablebodled unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New Mongomery st, San
Francisco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.
WANTED— Steady man with $150 for plain
light business that will easily pay $75 per
month; must be reliable and attend strictly
to business. 765 Market St., room 3.
WANTED— Reliable man in wine house, tend-
ing bar and selling Indoors; German speaking
preferred. 15 City Hall Square, near Market
INTELLIGENT boy for office work; good op-
portunity to learn coffee business. Box 286,
Call, office. ¦ \ ¦ -
GOOD collector. Call on J. R. Relndera, as-
- p slstant . superintendent, first floor Callaghan
building, Saturday, between 8 and 12 a. ra,
FIRQT-CLASS men's tailoring cutter on coun-
try orders; state salary and references. Box
S07. Call office. 1 . . - .
WANTED — A ' good barber for ' Saturday and
Sunday; 70c on $1; $4 guarantee. 618 Broad-
' way. ; r -.\ _ , ... -¦;...•"/
UNION barber for Saturday and Sunday at
428 Broadway.
BARBER wante4 for Saturday. ¦•' 203 Third at
BARBER wanted for , Saturday and Sunday
1743 Market st .
BARBER wanted. 723 Howard it.
BARBER wanted at 822 Third at. for Satur-
day and' Sunday; union wages paid.
BARBER ' wanted Saturday and Sunday. 617
Montgomery at ; - ¦, , ..
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sunday
at 40SH Sixth st ' > ¦ - ". ;
WANTED— Barber at 237% Fifth ' at - .
WAITERS; cooka; oysterman: kitchen help for
-¦'¦ restaurants; no fee. 526 Montgomery at ";si.
COOK for short orders: small place; night
work ; $7 ¦ 50 week. 700 Mission st
COATMAKER wanted, to work in store: steady
work.; 3056 Twenty-fourth st. -
EXPERIENCED waiter wanted. 612 Kearny
CARRIAGE woodworker: steady lob- * ' rood
wages. LARKIN & CO.. 657 Howard '*l7™^
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 1507 Market at near
Eleventh.- ' , .
WANTED^— 2 lunch waiters at 434 Fifth at. '
WANTED— : A first-class dinner, waiter at 304
Mason . st. ; wages $4 a week. .
DISHWASHER and ', waiter wanted. 422
Sixth St :¦:. . ..'¦;.¦•¦ ' ., ' Z
- -i ' ¦
WANTED— Walter. Golden West Hotel 68
Ellis st : . ¦; ¦ -, • : . ; , ¦
LUNCH waiter wanted. 100 Second it.*
600 MEN to buy new" and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c vp: soling 20c up. 923 Howard st, nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2»!Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled whi'e waiting ! 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
kt-t — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; freo
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
evbscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st i ¦-»-.-
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horsa Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday, at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. %X,
.YOU can flnd what you want in the howe Un»
at STEWARTS Horse Market 721 Howard
et. near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived.
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
HORSE. $20; buggy, $15; harness, $5; double
harness, $12 50; tent complete, $10. 79 City
Hall ave.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horse
Exchange. 246 Third st.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Long-bodied wagon, suitable for
painters. C. E. Nettleton, 527 Jones, Oakland.
WANTED — Gentle buggy horse for lady to
drive, cheap. Box 306. Call office.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. ISth&Valenela,
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing 'wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st
FOR SALE — Light delivery wagon almost new.
Twenty-ninth st. and San Jose ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^TOIN?E^nijT~houses to let\send"Yor cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 v Montgomery.
ASHBURY, 727 — $40; elegant 9-room house-
finished basement. Room 410. 825 Market st.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
COZY 5-room cottage; Madrone Tract. Kent
Marln Co. Apply Dr.^BIumenberg on prem.
HOUSES V TO LET— COUNTRY.
MENLO (Fair Oaks)— New cottage/ 7 rooms
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
FURNISHED HOUSES— COUNTRY.
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished, arid
stable; at San Anselmo; late residence of
Rev. ¦ Robert Mackenzie, D. D. Apply ' to
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 322 Montgomery sL or
ALEX. BOUICK. San Anselmo.
. HOUSES FOR SALE.
UNFURNISHED 8-room house, on Day at.
'cheao; to be removed Immediately. Box
¦¦ j> ;*A' ' LOST AMD FOUND.
THE person who took the gold link purse con-
taining locket and chain : from the ladles'
toilet in Techau Tavern, on Thursday even-
ing. May 29, was recognized.. She will 'save
trouble by returning it to the tavern at once;
no questions asked. .
$25 REWARD for return to 116 Front at of
white bull terrier dog; tall and ears docked;
brown mark on tall; spike collar; no ques-
tions asked. ¦
LOST — June 2. from Ashby station. Berkeley, a
sorrel horse; when lost had halter with chain
attached to it. Address 1426 Howard st
LOST — Solitaire diamond ring. $25 reward for
return to HIRSCHMAN. 10 Post st
LOST — Irish Better dog, not trained; reward.
1869 Page st. .
LOST — At ferries, lady's purse; If overland
tickets are returned no questions asked
D'ORLAN CIE. 421 Powell st.
LOST — Ferry-boat Berkeley, or near ferry, prl-
vate papers; reward. 137 Montgomery, r. 13.
LOST — June 2d, small white poodle named
, Flosale. Reward at 623 McAllister. ¦
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 38 Geary ?t. room Zfi.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate: goods in warehouse;
confidential. OEMSBT. 2G Montgomery st
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, plants; no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal ; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos.
-furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without remov»l;
' no com. ;strlctly confidential. Tel. Black 52(3.
LOWEST rates. on furniture, etc.. by prlvat»
• party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
without removal; conflden. 935 Market r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81, 6 Eddy,- floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people -without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st, r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
• plan. Western Loan Co.. 30f> Phelan bids.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock. Special bargains, all
uprights:
3 Stelnway $95 to $2SO
2 Knabe $S5 to $110
3 Weber , $03 to $150
2 Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne $40
Over 5C0O Heine pianos In S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO..
Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
DURING the next ten days we want to dlsposn
of a number of pianos that have been taken
In exchange, and the price has been marked
down on each to a point where profit is out
of the question: bring all the money you can
spare to pay down and we will see that you
get a bargain. The Zeno Mauvals Music Co.,
769 Market st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sta., a. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm«
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st: established 1850.
A CHICKERING— A VOSE— A STERXJNO.
A Stelnway — A Flschei- — A Steck.
And ten others from $G0 up.
All uprights, easy payments, fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st
WANTED at once — Four square pianos suitable
for country resorts. BYRON MAUZY. 308-
310-312 Post st
OUR Dlanos. the leading makers; prices $10O
upward; values best in city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
$160— ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister st, next Hlbernia Bank.
Leaving for London compels quick sacrifice of
beautiful large 3-pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
YOU may want a piano for rent SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes »t
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 031 Market at—
Steck. Everett. Ludwlg and other good pianos.
SNAP— 2 only, new, $450; hlgh-grada uprights,
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn,208Post.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post at; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 51
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST. and best In America— The Weekly
Can, 16 pages, aent to any address to ta«
United State- «- r...^ „„., „.„, fn- 11.STOCK MARKET.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Ice Company has been called for June
25, to take action upon the advisability of dis
solving the corporation.
. .The following quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter St
Co.: Common stock. $23 87% ©24 12%; pre
ferred, $63 75@64; bonds, $91091 60; subscrip
tions, $102 87% @103 23. " ;;-;', — ¦
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, June 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid, Ask.
4s qr coup. .110%lll >4s qr cp(new)136 137
4s qr reg....l09%110 ,3a qr coup..l07«i08Vl
. MT''"-' I.ANEOCS BONDS. , ¦
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oak W Q 5s.lO3?ilO4ii
Bay CPC 5s. 108% — Oceanic S 5s. 93 99^
C C G&E 5s.lO5Vi — Omnibus 6s. — 130
Cal-st 6s ... — — Pac Q Im 4s. 97
C Costa 5s.. — 111% Pk & C H6s.106%110
Ed/L &P6s.— — Pk&OR6s — 125
FCr&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — _
Geary-st 6s.. — ' Sac EGR 5s. — loi
H C&S 5%s.lO2 — SF & SJV53.122U12291
Do 5s — 97% Sierra Cal 6s ne2
L Ang R 6s.ll8%119% S P of A 6s %
LALCo 68.103 105 .(1809) .... 113J1114X4
Do gtd 6e. — — (1910) ....115 —
Do gtd 6s. 10314 — S P of C 6s
L A & P 6s.lO3 — (1905)Sr A.106% —
. Do lem 5s. 103 — (1910)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 129 (1906) ....110 —
Do lem 6s. — 122 (1012) . . . .120% —
N R of C 6s. 112 — S P of C 1st
' Do 5s ....121% — c gntd 6s. — —
N Pac C 6s. 109% — I Do stmpd.109% —
f.The Peerless Oil Company, it is claimed, will
on July 1 pay a dividend of 6c per share, and
on August 1 dividend No. 4, of 6c per share, an
Increase of lc upon that paid' June 1. Well No
8 has been finished at 1132 feet, and produces
300 barrels. A new well 200 feet from No. 1
is to be called No. 4. The financial showing of
the company Is said to be satisfactory.
The North Shore Railroad $3,600,000 40-year
5 per cent bonds have been listed at the Stock
and Bond Exchange. No sales have been made,
but $100 50 is bid and $101 asked. Interest is
payable May 1 and November 1.
Oil stocks ex-dlvidend yesterday weret
Thirty-three Oil Company, dividend No. 6 of
10c per share, amounting, to $10,000; Imperial
OH Company, dividend No. 6 of 20c per share.
amounting to $20,000.
The Caledonia (Gold Hill. Nev.) Mining Com
pany has levied an assessment of 15 cents per
share, delinquent July 80.
All stocks continued dull and uninteresting
tin the morning sessions, with no fluctuations
of any consequence.
The only change in the afternoon was a de
cline In Petroleum Center Oil to 4©5o.
WASHINGTON,
Flour, qr sks... 8,2941 Bran, sks 13,740
Oats, ctls 6.750 1 |
Flour, qr sks... 16.282 Bran, sks SO
Wheat, ctls .... 2,040 Leather, rolls . 58
Barley, ctls .... 2,330 Hides, no 975
Oats, ctls 145 Lime, bbls .... 182
Corn, ctls 2,000 Wine, gals .... 38,600
Beans, sks 60 Tallow, ctls ... 236
Potatoes, sks .. 2,665 Chicory, bbls .. 10
Onions, sks .... 880 Pelt, bdls 49
Wool, bales ... 314 Paper, cars .... • 1
Straw, tons .... 22 Quicksilver, flsk 100
Hay. tons 300 Sugar, ctla .... 2,713
Middlings, sks . 36
FOR FRIDAY. JUNE 6.
Receipts of Produce.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frank H. and Mary A. Burke to J. L. and
L. G. Siller, lot on SW corner of Halght and
Octavia streets, W 37:6, S 100. W 50, S S7:6,
E 87:0, N 187:6; $10. ' ,
Antonio S. and Margherita or Margarita S.
or Marie Svainaz to Joseph F. and Anna C.
Brouchoud, lot on S line of Post street, 113:6
E of Webster. E 24 by S 114:6; $10.
William Crane Spencer (trustee) to Herman
Shwarz. lot on S line of McAllister street, 162:6
W of Buchanan. W 28:9 by S 137:6; ?10.
Mary A. Carroll to Becky j Greenberg (wife
of Phillip), lot on N line of Broadway, 167:6
E of Pierce street, E 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Park Congregational Church' of San' Fran
cisco (a corporation) to Congregational Church
Extension Society (a corporation), lot on S line
of Hayes street, 181:3 E of Central avenue, E ,
75 by S 137:6; $1042. i
Catherine McShane to James and Mary !
Gaughran, lot on E line of Harrison street, 26
N of Twenty-first. N 26 by E 100; $10.
Richard Doyle to Peter W. and Thomas F.
Doyle, lot on W line of Howard street, 65 S
of Twenty-fourth, 8 95 by W 115; gift.
John Center to E. W. C. Christiansen, lot on
E line of York street. 187 N of Twenty-fifth,
N 26 by E 100. quitclaim deed; $10.
• Richard Doyle to Richard S. Doyle, lot on
W line of Treat avenue, 200 S of Tw«nty-flfth
street. S 60 by W 112:6; gift.
. Same to Maria M. and Dora E. Doyle, lot
on W line of Folsom street, 260 N of Twenty
sixth street. N 65 by W 116; gift.
Same to Alexander P. Doyle, lot on SW cor
ner of Twenty-fifth and Hampshire streets. S
115 by W 75; also lot on S line of Lewis street,
250 E of Craut S 110 by E 50, lot 6, bloclc 7,
College Homestead; also property outside of
county; gift.
Savings and Loan Society to James E., Jo
seph J. and Daniel C. Meagher, lot on N line
of Twenty-eighth street. 213:4 B of Noe. E 26:8
by N 114; $500.
P Mary E. and John Crangle to John and Win
ifred McKeown. lot on N lino of Elizabeth
street, 125 W of Sanchez. W 25 by N 114; $10.
John and Juliet W. Garber, Thomas B. and :
Josephine H. Bishop, Charles S. and Lillian M.
Wheeler, Garber, Boalt & Bishop; Russell J., !
Josephine K., Mountford 8. and Flora C. Wil- .
son; Wilson & Wilson; William S. and Mary
B Wood; Reuben H. Lloyd, and Lloyd & Wood '
to Theresa A. Oelrichs and Virginia Vanderbilt i
(Fair), all Interest In the following: lot on SW
corner of Pine and- Sansome streets, W 235 by
S 137:6; also lot on NE corner of Mission and
Twelfth streets, N 275 by E 650; $10. <
Luigl and Louisa Demartlnl, John and Rosa
Levaggi to G. B. Levaggi, lot on W line of
Jones street, 24 S of Union, S 96 by W 62:6;
$10. -
Domenico' and 'Louisa Garibaldi to Tommaso
Varnl, lot on NE corner of Clay and Stockton
streets, E 65 by N 68:9; $ — -.
John C. Humphrey to Frederick D. • Marsh,
lot on E line. of Hyde street, 137:6 N of Pine,
N 22:11 by E 80; gift.
Mary J. Caldwell to. Dennis Hayden, lot on '
SE line of Everett street, 225 SW'of Third, SAV I
60 by SE 80; gift. -', . f;
p Alexander and Marie Metral to Amelia G.
Catlin (single), lot on SE line of Stevenson
street '350 SW. of Sixth, 8W 25 by SE 75; $10.
Estate of Michael Cooney (by Catherine
Coohey, administratrix) to Louis Abrams, ; :iot
on SW line of Seventh street, 150 SE of Folsom
SE 25 by SW 80; $4000. • • ¦ '
Patrick and I Lizzie Kelly to Daniel Mullan,
lot on SW corner of Ninth avenue and B street,
W.32:6 by S 100; $10.
Callaghan f Estate Company (corporation) to
David A. Hannah, lot on S line of H street, 60
W of Eleventh avenue, W 60 by 8 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to James Morse, lot
on W line of Twenty-eighth avenue, 175 S of
J street, S 25 by W 120; $10.- - - -/,
• John C. and Annie M. Spencer to James
Morse lots 467 and 768, Gift Map 3; $10.
. Jacob and Lina r Heyman to Henry Schlle
mann, lot 14, block D, Park Lane Tract No. 4;
$10. • .' ¦•¦¦¦¦/-'- .- . ¦¦ . .
• Timothy "L. Barker to /John A. Schutte, all
Interest in lot on SE line of Naples street, 200
SW of China avenue, 25 by, 100, block 54, Ex
celsior Homestead ; $- . .
Adeline Fordham to John A. Sohutte, lot on
SE line of Naples street, 200 SW of China ave
nue. SW 25 by-SE 100, Mot - 2." block 64. Ex
celsior Homestead: $10. .
John A. Schutte to. Charles Schaetz, same;
$10. ;¦-:. "> • .-." : -. "• : .
Jane Sheridan to Robert J.' Sheridan, lot on
FRIDAY. JUNE 6.
Wellington Coal Is cheaper. It has been
rather high for a long tlm».
Eggs are slightly dearer. Butter and Cb««se
stand about the same. Fish shows some
changes. Sea Bass and Striped Bass being out
of season. Thero is nothing: nsw in Poultrr
and Game.
Fruits and Vegetables remain about as be
fore. The spring Fruits are still high.
COAL, PER TON—
Cannel ....5 @13 00 Southfleld
Wellington. -®10 00 Wellington f — ©10 00
Seattle .... -@ 8 50 Coo» Bay.... — © 7 00
Roslyn .... @ 9 00 Greta — ®10 CO
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq45@50 Common Eggs... — @20
Do good 40@— Ranch Eggs, per
Common 35037 dozen 22%©25
Cneese. Cal 12^15 Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. .17020 pound 15@2O
Cheese. Swiss 20@30[ Do extracted... 8@10
MEATS. PER LB.—
Bacon 12%@13 Pork Sausag«s.l2%@13
Hams 13@17 Smoked Beef 17©20
Lard 15^—.
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation gives th* following retail prices
for meats:
Roast Beef 10@18|Lamb Chops ,...15©20
Tenderloin Stk...l5@18 Spring Lainb..l2%©20
Porterhse do.l7%@22^ Roast Mutton. 8®12%
Sirloin" Steak.. 12 %@15 Mutton Chops.... 10013
Round Steak... 10@12% Mutton Stew .... S@10
Beef Stew 8@10 Roast Veal 12@20
Corned Beef 8@10 Veal Cutlets ....15020
Soup Bones 4@ — I Roast Pork 11013
Eoup Meat 8® 10 Pork Chops .....lSQlff
Roast Lamb ..12%®1S .
. POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50® 90 Goslings ...$1 B0®2 50
Young Roosters, Pigeons, pair ....40050
each 75c®? 1 Squabs, per pair.60O65
Old Roosters, ea. 50(975 Rabbits, each.. 15S20
Fryers, each 50@75 Hare, each — «20
Broilers, each... SO® 50 English Snipe,
Turkeys, per lb..20@22 per dozen.. 3 0004 00
Ducks, each .... 65ct@$l Jack Snipe. . ...—#2 00
Geese, each ...$1 60@2
FRUITS AND NUTSr—
Apricots, lb 15@20 Gooseberries, ft.. 4® S
Alligator Pears, Grape Fruit, per
•ach ;...25@50 dozen 50(375
Almonds 15(g20 Dried Figs, per lb — @10
Apples 3© 6 Limes, dozen 10015
Blackberries. Lemons, dozen... 20@30
per drawer ...40060 Oranges, dozen. .20060
Cherries, per lb.. 8@10 Pineapples each.30@50
Currants, per Raspberries, per
drawer 80075 drawer —073
Pecans — @20 Raisins, per lb.. 5®15
Brazil Nuts .20®— Strawberries per'
Bananas, doz.... 25033 drawer 40073
Cocoanuts, each..— 010 Walnuts, per lb.. 15020
Fresh Figs, lb...— 060
VEGETABLES-^
Asparagus 5010 Okra. dried, lb..— #-,
Artichokes, doz.. 15040 Potatoes, per lb.. 20 4
Beets., dozen ....100 — New Potatoes.... 20 4
Beans, white, lb. 6@ — Parsnips, per dz.100—
, Colored, per lb. 50 — Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb... 6@ 8 bunches 15020
Cabbage, each... 5@ — Rhubarb 30 8
Celery, head 5@— Sweet Potatoes,
Cress, dz bnchs. .20<330 per lb — 0— .
Cucumbers, da... 40073 Sage, doz bnchs. 23030
Egg Plant, Ib..l2%015 String Beans, per
Garlic 60 S pound 40 3
Green Peppers.lb.20030 Summer Squash,
Green Peas. lb. . .2%<84. per pound. . . 8012 %
Lettuce, per doz. 15020 Sprouts, per lb. .. — 0—
Leeks dos bnchs .15@2O Spinach, per lb.. 6@—
Onions, per lb... 20 6 Thyme, dz bchs..2S@30
Green Onions, dz Turnips, per doz. 100 —
bunches — @ — Tomatoes, lb ....250 —
Mushrooms, lb...— 0 —
FISH— y
Carp — ® — | Sea B *ss — 0— .
Catfish —©—Smelts 12%®13
Codfish 12%®— Soles 12%©13
Flounders 100— Skates, each 8@15
Halibut — ©12V>!Squid — ®10
Herring TTf"" I 01 " 00 " 1 10012%
Mackerel 12%@— Turbot 15<g20
Do horse — «10 Trout 3.VS30
Perch 10 @ — Brook Trout . ...— <g63
Pomplno 50®— Whltefish 10®—
Rockcod — fl3 Clams, gallon ...500—
Rockfish —013 Do hardshell.
Salmon, fresh.... — ®15 par pound ... 8010
Do smoked....— 020 Crawfish — 0—
Sardines —010 Crabs, tach ....13020
Shrimps — ® — Mussels, quart... — 0 —
Shad 8 ® 10 Oysters, CaJ. 100.40050
Striped Bass — 0 — J Do Eastern, dz.23040
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c-
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3.55c
barrels, 10c more; balf-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 60c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes
60 per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or Us equivalent.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
13%&14c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deordorlzed stove Gasoline, In bulk, 16c;
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, In bulk, 14%c; In
cases. 21c; SO-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE— la higher at 71c per gallon
in cases and 65c In drums and Iron barrels.
for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil, extra winter
strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 05; China Nut.
57%@6Sc per gallon; pure Neatsfoot, In barrels,
70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale OH.
natural white, 40@50c per gallon; Fish OIL
barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c; Cocoanut Oil, bar
rels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c for Austra
lian.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
NCR 5»...111%113% SP Br Cal 6sl39%140
N S R R 8s.l00%101 S V Wat Bs.lU 111#
Oak Gas 6s. — 113% Do 4s 2dm. — 103
Oak Trn 6s..l24% — Do 4s 3dm.l01 102
Do 1st C5s.ll3%115 Stkn G&E 6slO2 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75 — I Port Costa.. 63% 68
Marin Co ... 50 — I Spring Val.. 89% 90
GAS AND- ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — IPac L Co... 48 60
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3%!Sac E GAR. 39 —
Mutual 4 5 S F G & E.. 44% 44%
O G L & H. 62% 63 S F O L Co. 6% 5&
Pac G Imp.. 38 38»4 Stkn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd.260 J
Am B & T..110 115 t First Nation! — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90% L P & A....168%1T©
Bank of Cal.430 435 Mer Ex (Uq) 23
Cal Safe Dp.121% — S F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav.. 80 85 Union Trst.lS30 —
S F Sav U..623 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — (Market 99%10l
Geary — _ [presidio 39 —
POWDER.
Giant 70*4 71 /Vigorlt ZY* Z%
SUGAR.
g ana , 3% 4% Kilauea — 10
Hawaiian ..32 — Makawell ..23 25
Honokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea. 24 24%
Hutchlnson . 12% 12% Paauhau ... 12% 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
1 , Pack — 160 p »c A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — _ Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. — 101 Par Paint... 28 —
Oceanic S Co - _
• Morning Session.
Board —
6 Giant Powder Con 70 50
100 Hana Plantation Co. s 90 3 75
60 Hana Plantation Co 3 75
5 Hutchinson S P Co. ..... 12 OO
• *iooo n p c r r 5s...!::::: .no w
ff°W>f P of C 6s (1906) HO 00
fl°jOOO S P of C 6s (1906). s 30 110 00
18000 Spring Valley 6s m 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
550 Honokaa S Co it 50
-175 Hutchinson S P Co 12 25
25 Paauhau S P Co 12 12%
60 Paauhau S P Co i*> 25 '
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 5O
Street —
$2000 Californla-st. R. R. no 50
25 Equitable J3as 3 12«4
25 Equitable Gas 3 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Boaid —
25 Home . 3 '5
1500 Lion 08
£000 Petroleum Center ©5
1600 Petroleum Center 06
300 Sterling 1 eo
300 Sterling, b 10 1 62*4
1300 Sterling, cash 1 60
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2000 Petroleum Center 05
100 Petroleum Center 04
500 Sovereign 30
200 Sterling, b 30 1 62%
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
. ' Morning Session.
eoOBest&B 15 100Ophir 125
300 Caledonia 73 300 Overman .... 24
400 Challenge .... 14,500 Potosl 2T
100 Challenge .... 13| 50 Potosi 2G
500 Chollar 141500 Sierra Nevada. 17
Afternoon Session.
1000 Belcher 03; 100 Occidental 18
; 200 Best & B 15:100 Ophlr 1 30
100 Caledonia 72; 100 Overman 24
500 Chollar 12; 750 Potosl 26
100 Gould & Curry 09 700 Sierra Nevada 17
200 Mexican 51 500 Utah 01
100 Mexican 50 100 Yellow Jacket. 19
The following were the sales yesterday In
the Pacific Stock Exchange:
Morning Session. •
100 Belcher 04 200 Occidental .. 13
200 Belcher 03 200 Overman, .... 24
200 Best & B 16 200 Potosi 28
50 Caledonia 72 200 Potosl £7
100 C C & Va..l 37% 200 Sierra Nev 17
200 Gould & Cur.. 09 400 Silver Hill 45
100 Mexican 52.
Afternoon Session. •
150 Best & Bel.. 15 200 Occidental .. 16
200 Best & Bel.. 14 300 Ophlr I 25
100 Caledonia ... 73 300 Overman .... 24
100 C C & Va...l ST> 200 Potosl 2tt
200 Gould & Cur. 10 100 Sierra Nev... 17
200 Mexican 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, June e— 4 p. m.
Bld.A»k.i : •, BId.Ask.
Alpha 02 03!justlc» 03 05
Alta 05 06 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 02 03 Lady Wash.. 04
Belcher 05 Mexican ....» 50 Cl
Best & Belch. 13 14 ' Occidental ... 16 17
Bullion ...... 02 03 Ophlr 1 2O 1 25
Caledonia ... 73 74* Overman .... 24 25
Challenge Con 12 1-T Potosl 28 27
Chollar ...... 12 13 Savage 12 13
Confidence ... 60 62 Scorpion .... 04
C C & Va 1 35 1 40 Seg Belcher. . 03 04
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nev... ie 18
Con New Yk. — 02 8ilver Hill... 45 43
Crown Point. 03 04, St Loais .... 06 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — ! Syndicate ... 07
Exchequer ..01 02 Union Con ..17 19
Gould & Cut. 08 10 Utah 01 02
Hale & Nor.. 37 39 Yellow Jacket 17 1&
Julia — 04 '¦
Frank J. Hennessy (owner) with Charles J.
U. Koenig (contractor), Salfleld & Kohlberg
architects — All work for a three- story frame
building (three flats) on lot on W line of
Gough street, 107:6 S of O'Farrell, S 30 by
W 95. W. A. 154; $9400.
Gilman Lambert. Belle H. Plummer and
Jennie L. Rlgdon (owners) with Fred Miller
(contractor), architect T. Paterson Ross-^-AU
work except painting, plumbing, gas fixtures,
mantels, finish hardware, tiling and shades for
alterations and additions to .make a two-story
frame building with attic and basement (flats)
on 1615 Broderick street; $2798.
Builders' Contracts.
Alameda: also lot on N line of Briggs avenue,
940 E of High street, E 30 by N 203, Ala
meda; cift.
Pacific States S. L. and B. Co. to William
Ludemann. lot on N line of San Antonio ave
nue, 177 W of Union street, W 42 by N 150,
lot 6. block 7, amended map Bartlett Tract,
Alameda; $4000.
Isaac L. and Ella J. Saxton to George B.
Starr, lot on SE corner of Walnut street or
Grand avenue and Sunnyside street. E 63.2S,
S 140. W 62.97, N 140. lot 4, map Marion
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
L. T. Hansen to Henriette H. Hansen (wife),
lot on W line of Stanton street. 148:9 S of
Railroad avenue (said S line being 30 feet from
center of said avenue), W 153:9 to colnt of
beginning), N 134. W 31:9. S 129, E 31:3%,
being the E half of lot 17, map Powers' Tract,
San Francisco Savings Union — Anders P.
Th. and Ida Mathilda Lindberir (wife), lot on
W line of Spruce street, 400 S of Durant. S 40
by W 134:7. being the middle 40 feet of lot
8, block 10, map property Berkeley Villa Asso
ciation, Berkeley; $100.
George L. Woodford (single) to Mary Mugge
(single), lot on E line of Taylor street, 150
from W corner of block 6S, E 119 parallel with
Madison and Munroe streets by S 30, block 68,
Clinton, etc.. East Oakland; $10.
Charles and Annie Stockholm to Emma A.
Van Haltrem (wife of A.), lot on NW line of
Second avenue, 175 NE of East Twelfth street,
NE 35 by NW 100, block 51, Clinton, East Oak
land; $10.
Newton and Cornelia M. Bendlct to Ernest
L. Blackman, lot on E line* of Park avenue,
25.19 N of East Tenth btreet N 60 by E 100,
lots 11 and 12. block C map Knowles and Pot
ter subdivision Kennedy Tract, East Oakland;
$10
A. J. and Rhoda H. Robinson to E. S. An
gel, lot 9 and SW 40 feet of lot 8, block B, map
lands Oakland View Homestead Association.
portion-Walsworth Tract, 100 acres, Oakland;
$10. 7 •
Mary Mugge" (single) to George L. Woodford
(single), lot on S line of Fifty-seventh street,
305.35 E of Park. E 32. S 120, W to point
118.71 from point, of beginning on line drawn
S at right angles to Fifty-seventh street. N
118.71. to beginning W 32 feet, lot 7, block
B. map Gasklll Tract, subject to mortgage for
$1500. Oakland; $10.
Catherine Brinnlng (wife of James C.) to
H. C. Raum, lot on SE line rf Vernon street,
98 NE of Moss avenue. NE 49 by SE 132, be
ing NE 49 feet of lots. 1 to 3, block B, map
Stanford Tract. Oakland; $12. .
Augusta Plpenburg to Elizabeth Pipenburg.
lot on S lino of Railroad avenue, 103:3 W of
Adeline street, W 50. S 109:2 E 50. N 109:6%.
lots 22 and 23, block 4SS. map No. 2. Briggs
Tract, Oakland; gift.
N. Gertrude Brown (widow) to Diedrich Loh
sen, lot on NE corner of Marlposa and Brown
streets. E 40 by N 116:6, lot 19, corrected map
resubdivision block A. Brumagin Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Kate H. McGrew (administratrix estate of
P. H. McGrew) to Neai J. McKeon. lots 15 and
16, block P. map showing resubdlvislon of por
tion of Roberts and Wolf skill Tract. Oakland;
$150.
. George W. McNear to Joseph A. Furtado, lot
on SW corner of Forty-first and Grove streets,
S 110 by W 124. lot 6, map No. 2. Montgomery
Tract, Oakland; $10.
' Mary C. Gill (single) to Christopher A. Mul
vey, lot on N line of Fifth street, 112:6 W of
Alice, W 25 by N 100, being W half of lot 2i
and E half of lot 25, block 58, Kellersberger's
Map, Oakland; $10.
Hermann Bremer (widower) to Catharina
Elfers. lot on N line of Santa Clara avenue,
136:8 W of Eighth street, W 33:4 by N 140,
Alameda; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey (wife) to
Bertinlus and Olene Lee (wife), beginning at
a point in E line of right of way of Northern
Railway, commonly known as Third street, 100
N of Channing way, N 39.31 by E 100, por
tion lot^l9, block 128, Corrected Map Raymond
Tract, Berkeley; 55.
Julia N. Pennoyer (widow) (by A. A. Pen
noyer. attorney) to same, lot on N -line of
Moss avenue. 50:6 2-5 W of Sliver street. W
60:6 2-6, N 146:11, E 50, S 154:2. lot 12, block
C, came. Oakland; $10.
Sonoma Lumber Company (a corporation) to
H. E. Penwell.N 60 feet of lot 13, block C,
Map Broadway and Telegraph Avenue . Home
stead, Oakland; «10.
Alameda County.
E line of Glrard street, 200 N of SiUlman, B
120 by N.10O, lot 7. block 1, University Exten
sion Homestead Association; gift. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SATURDAY, JUNE . 7, 1902.
13
Address J..J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of: the Veterans' Home of Call
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
*£«co. Cal. By order of th* Board of Direct-
W; J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENtS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
LINDA VISTA— 9-room furnished house, $35.
water paid; 3 mos. 1235 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FlillMTlIKE FOR SALES.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland. N
DIVIDEND _ NOTICES. '^^_
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco. June 4,. 1902 — Dividend No. 201,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company will bo
payable at the office of said company, room
16, second floor. Mills building, on June 16.
1902. Transfer books will close on June 9,
1902, at 3 o'clock p. m. ' r
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY, CON.— A dividend. No. 42, of
fifty cents (50c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company, has been declared
payable at the office of the company, rooms
202-204-206 Hayward building, San Fran-
cisco, on June 10. 1902. Transfer books close
June 3. at noon. ¦ . ••¦¦'¦.¦
J. R. LEAVELL, Secretary.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping';
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near*school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts. •¦'¦¦ .' ' ' ¦¦ - ¦ . : '¦¦
FILLMORE, 2219. nr. Clay — 5 sunny, furnished
rooms, bath, nice yard; housekeeping.- ,
HYDE. 40S — Sunny front alcove suite complete
housekpg.. $18; also other, eulte & large room.
MASON. 501— Sunny suite 'df housekeeping
• rooms, $14. ; " '-' ' ' ¦ »•"¦•'¦ '
OAK, 117— Sunny newly furnished suites, sink,
gas range, bath, laundry; 1 phone;: adults. •. v
STEVENSON, ¦ 650%— Housekeeping room to
let. - ¦ . ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦- - ' ':.
SUTTER. . 313 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms, $12. : ¦' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st. . . ;
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and UnTom.
ANGELUS . . .NOW OPEN.
New fireproof -brick building; .90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites;, marine view.
530 Stockton St., bet. Bush and Pine. -,
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, .elegant,
I sunny; 75c day. upward; -McAllister; cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 ' Sixths-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
: light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
ALL choice r.eat sunny suites or. singles; day,
week cr month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton..
BERNARD, 113 — 1 or 2 furnished rooms; rea-
sonable; private family.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-'
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor; - Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ¦
ELLIS, S — Desirable office and rboms ' to "¦ let,
unfurnished. Apply 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. .
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms. 3.V:.
• $1 B0 night: $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
ELLIS, 538 — Nice large room for housekeeping;
also front single room, $6. '"" v
FOLSOM, 820, near 4th— $1 per week, furnished
rooms. • , . . • . :'«¦:;.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 35e to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market — Furnish-
ed room $5 per month.
LARGE well furnished room suitable for two
j and small one: Mason St.. near Bush; private
family. Box 258. Call office.
LASKIE, 27, bet. Sth and 9th, off Mission—
Nice sunny parlor.
LEAVENWORTH, 311— Nicely furnished sun-
ny rooms, suitable for. 2; running water; all
conveniences... ... :.
MINNA. 541 — 2 rooms: suitable for .3 gentle-
men; bath; gas; call morning or evening.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms ' and
offices; elevator; elec. lights ; : day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL. 129A, nr. Orpheum — Large sunny
front room; also inside rooms; very reason-
- able. . '-¦..- ¦- -
O'FARRELL. 224 — Elegantly furnished sunny
• suite on first floor; also. other rooms.- * .
RINCON place, 28, off Harrison — 2 sunny fur-
nished. front rooms, with use of kitchen, for
man and wife or 2. gentlemen.; view of bay.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par.
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator' on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth Bt.,
, near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 550%— Nice sunny front room
to let.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦-
ROOMS AND BOARD. .
T^SE^cA^XlS^E^T^oT^VaTlJesT^^verr^u^t
opened; elegantly furnished suite or singio
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table-
references.
CORBIN. The, 836 Sutter st., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished room*; single and
suites; all sunny; table first class.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
ROOMS with board; home German cooking.
309 Eddy st. . ,.' . ;.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
"HEATH," 312 Eddy st.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices. . • "¦
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites: single rooms; flrst-class table board.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pagos. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per^year.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS. .
NOTICE TO CREDITORS — Estate of JEAN
BAPTISTE LEBLANC, also called J. B. LE-'
BLANC, deceased. Notice is hereby given by
tho undersigned. JOHN FARNHAM. Admin-
istrator of the Estate of JEAN BAPTISTE
LEBLANC, also called J. B. 1 LEBLANC, de-
ceased, to the creditors of, and all persons
having, claims against the said . deceased, to
¦exhibit them with the- necessary vouchers
within four months . after the first publica-
tion of this notice, to the said administrator
at room 79, Chronicle Building, the same be-
ing his .place for the transaction of the busi-
ness of the said estate in the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California.
JOHN FARNHAM, Administrator of the Es-
tate of JEAN BAPTISTE LEBLANC. ! also
called J. B. LEBLANC, Deceased. - - "
Dated at San Franclsgo, May 31 1902 ¦
FRANK McGOWAN. Attorney for Admin-
istrator, Rooms 75, 79 and 80, Chronicle
. Building. • . . ¦ ; t
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate "of" 'ANNA
STEIN, also called ANNA EMILIE STEIN
deceased. Notice is hereby given by the un-
dersigned, JOHN FARNHAM, Administrator
of the Estate of ANNA STEIN, also called
ANNA EMILIE STEIN, deceased, to the
creditors of. and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit :them
with the necessary vouchers, within-- four
months after the first publication of this no-
tice, to the said Administrator, at room 79
Chronicle Building, the same being his place
for the transaction of the business of the said
estate in the City and County of Sari Fran-
cisco. State of California. JOHN FARN-
HAM. Administrator of the Estate of ANN*
STEIN, also called ANNA EMILIE STEIN
deceased. ' ¦ • ' • ¦ '.
Dated at San Francisco, May 31 1902 >!
CARLTON W. GREEN, Attorney for Ad-
ministrator, Rooms 76 and 79, Chronicle
Building. ... - .., •
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted — Notice is hereby .' given that
' sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans! Hptne of -Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clocka. m '
SATURDAY, j June 14, 1902, and J opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders,, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the" Vet
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad B « a -
tlon YountviHe).- for six months,* commencing
July 1. 1902. and ending December 31 1002
Schedules with information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished unon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully .follow the conditions of the scheel
K ules. and no bid will be considered unless it
¦ in accordance with such schedules. Each b
der must accompany his bid with a cerUe '
check upon some well-known and responsii x ¦
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of 1
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mas
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that th» bldd- -'
will enter into a good and valI4 contract u:>.
notice of acceptance as required by law,
board reserves the right to" reject any' or all
bldg and to order any quantity over or under
the amount. specified. . ¦ - 1
; . SPECIAL KOTICES.' . '
BAD tenants ejected for |4;' collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC, COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
| flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840 ; shlpp.lng at cut rates. ,-
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
VITAOPATHY.
I SUFFERED from rheumatism for a month,
unable to move myself without help; with one
treatment of Vitaopathy under ¦ Prof. - Ivan
McLaughlin, 1104 • Market st., I was able to
walk about my room; second treatment, same
day, I walked twelve blocks.' I am satisfied
that Vitaopathy .did it. Wednesdays free
treatment. ' ' JACOB KIEFFER, '
: ;¦¦.•'-¦¦ ¦ "?' '. •' Hotel Vendome. ;
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage' licenses .were issued
yesterday:
Louis A. L. Bopilla, 22. 1738 Fifteenth ave-
nue south, and Clara M. de la Guerra, 19,
1379 Fifteenth avenue south.
Isaac B. Williams, 41, city, and Lou E.
Wall, 35, city, v •
Lamartine W. Young, 54, Sacramento, and
Louiie Thomson. 44, Sacramento. 4"
William L. Spencer. 30. 1222 Pine street, and '
Alice H. Masten. 25, 3530 Washington street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death- notices sent by
; mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of '.the publication , offices and be
indorsed with the -name and residence of per-
sons authorized .to have the same published.
; boen.
ANTZ— In this city. May 30, 1902, to the wife
of Frederick J. Antz (nee Sievers), a daugh-
. ten, ' ' .
FRITZ— In this city. May 7, 1902, to the wife
of Charles Fritz, a daughter. 1
MEYER — In Sacramento, June 2, 1902, to the
wife of J. G. Meyer (nee Stanton), a son. ;•
PALMER— In this city, June 2, '1902, to the
wife of Alfred E. Palmer, a daughter.
PELTON— In this city. June 3, 1<5O2, to the
wife of Hazlitt Lee Pelton, a son.
RIEDEMAN— In this city, May 27, 1902, to
the wife of J. H. Riedeman, a daughter.
WHITE— In Los Angeles, June 3. 1902, to the
wife of Benjamin White, a son.
\ 1; MABRIED. . ., I
BIXBY— TIPPETT— In this city, June 5, 1902,
by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, pastor of
Central M. E. Church, Dr. Edward U. Blxby
and Mary Tippett, both of San Francisco.
BARRY— SEAWARD— In this city. May 15,
1902, by the Rev. E. K. Strong, William
Beals Barry and Clarissa Van Buren Sea-
ward, both of San Francisco. • ,
COWAN— THOMPSON— In this city, June 5.
1902, by .the Rev. Walter Duncan, McClura
Cowan and Lois O. Thompson, both of San
Francisco. "1 '
_ _ _ _ £»IED.
Bacigalupi, Michael Flannery, James
Barstow, Emily E. Flynn, Luke
Brown, Lucian Harrell, Mrs. R. H.
Bullard, Samuel E. Jensen, Jennie
Burns, John J. Kellogg, Langdon . *
Callahan, Dennis Lord, Cant. Wm. A:
Caldwell, Bernice McDuff. Frederick
Cassidy, John Mack, Harold
Collins, Mary Mayer, George -
•Driscoll, Joseph J. Mlgnola, Bernhard ,
Feehey, Patrick Eliza J.
BACIGALUPI— In this city, June 4, 1902,
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Henrietta
Bacigalupi, and father of Adeline. John and
Edmond Bacigalupi, a\ native of Italy, aged
32 years 10 months and 15 days. ¦• : ¦
CTFriends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 11 Russell place, ol£ Hyde,
between Green and Union. N. B. — The^re
. will -bo a requiem 'mass said for the repose
of his soul, commencing Saturday morning,
at 10 o'clock, at Sts. Peter and Paul's Ital-
ian Church.
BARSTOW— In this city, June 6.1 1902, Emily
Elizabeth, widow of' the late George Bar-
stow, and aunt of Mrs. George P. Thurston,
a native of Fitchburg, Mass., aged 80 years
10 months and 21 days. , •
BROWN — In South San Francisco, June 6,
11)02, Lucian Brown, dearly beloved son : of
Joseph and Dorothea Brown, and brother of
Josephine, James, Felix and the late Frank
Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
days.
BULLARD— At sea, May 27, 1902, Samuel E..
dearly, beloved husband of Minnie E. Bul-
lard, father of Edward I. and Maud J.. Bul-
lard, son of Mrs. L. Bullard/trother-ofrMrs.'
J. W. Swasey and George, Willie and Edith
Bullard, and son-in-law of James and- the
late Bridget Nelson, : a native of California,
aged 31 years 4 months and 12 days.'' ' -
- (CFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, , 275 Shipley street. Interment
i Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURNS-^In this city, June 5, 1902, John Jo-
seph, only and beloved son of Mary and the
late Thomas W. Burns, dearly beloved
brother of Nellie and Katherlne Burns, and
grandson of P. W. ' and Mary J. Drury, a
native of San Francisco. • -. . .-, . . : .
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
7 fuily invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at l) o'clock, from his late residence, 640
Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
Flllmore street, corner of Fell, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CALLAHAN— In Frwltvale, June 6, * 1902,
Dennia Callahan, father of John J. and
James Callahan, Mrs. F. Woodmansee," Mrs. J.
Bowie and Mrs. George U. Smith, a nati /e
of Ireland, aged 05 years. ..
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' Sunday aiternoon, June S, at 2 o'clock, at
St. Elizab .h'a Church, Bray avenue, near
East . Fourteenth . street, " Fruitvale. . Inter-
', ment.St. Mary's Cemetery. '^ ..- , .
CALDWELL— In this city, June 4, 1902, Ber-
nice Caldwell, daughter of Mrs. Jennie Jen-
sen, and sister of James Caldwell, aged 13
years 1 month and 21 days.
£™Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully ' Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at the
funeral • parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mls-
eion street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CASSIDY— In this city, June 5. 1802, John
Cassidy, a native of Ireland, aged 09 years.
(C7*The funeral will take place Saturday,
at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of Carew
& English, 29 Van Ness" avenue, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a' requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clck. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery. . . .
COLLINS— In. .this city, June 6, 1902, Mary,
beloved wife 1 of • Jeremiah E. Collins, mother
of Mary and Julia Collins, sister of Mar-
garet and Thomas Leahy, - and niece of Mrs.
. K. Perry, a native of County Clare, Ireland,
aged 26 years and 11 days.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 0:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 70 Stanley place, between First
and Second streets, off- Harrison, thence to
. St. Brendan's Church, where a solemn . re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DRISCpLL— In this city, June 6. 1902, Joseph
• Jeremiah, . dearly beloved son of Florence
and ! Mary Driscoll. and brother of Daniel
Florence and Alfred Driscoll, a native of
• San Francisco, aged 1 year 3 • months and
10 days. ' -
I IET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of the .parents,vl26 Bernard street, between
Leavenworth and Jones streets. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . .. • .
FEENEY — In this city, June 5, 1902, ! Patrick
- beloved husband " of the late Catherine Fee-
ney, and father of- Robert, Joseph,- Daniel
Annie and the late Mary and Francis Feeney'
a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged 72
; years 2 months and 18 days. ' .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral Saturday '
at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence of his
j son. Robert Feeney, 222 Twenty-seventh
street, between Dolores' and Church, thence ¦
ft to St. Paul's Church, -where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
'i terment Holy Crosa Cemetery. ¦
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher) ! ¦
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. ¦ Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
•5 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
• ; Telephone* South §0. ,
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
. NEAREST-THE CITY. ; .
Gffice, 9(6 Market Street.
Telephone : Bush 367.
W FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
-amuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
Ur^ted Undertakers', Association; M. J .
Brearty," with the same company for 10 "
,a«; P. F. Green, late with" J. C. O'Con-
&*Co..~ have* opened new Funeral Par- '
a at 1171' Mission st., between. Seventh
ii Eighth. Telephone South 44."
JAMBS McGINN, ]
I Formerly ' with I McGinn' Bros., I has opened I
. new Funeral ' Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.- I
Taylor, and Jones. , r - Telephone South 576. i I
medical!
former patients of Mrs. Dr. Gwyer will be
p'.ad to know she has returned to San Fran-
cisco and opened offices for the successful
treatment of Buffering humanity; those con-
suiting her will be assured of careful and
honest treatment; consultation and advice
:ree; private home for patients; 10 to 12 a.
m.. 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays by ap-
i>ointment only: phone Jeseie 2131. Entrances
to offices, rooms 25 to 28, 1504 Market 6t
over Gocd Fellows' Grotto.
A— DR. O'DOXICELL, world-renowned special.
1st. — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble
ccr.suk the specialist on female complaints';
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
iccted; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
rates taken; the most difficult cases treated-
i-.ave relieved thousands of most obstinate
..ases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
cf a ce'.icate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NrL.1- cfCct- & residence, 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
A—DB. IiOSEN: this specialist exercises the
most iinpcrtant of modern principles in treat-
:ns and curing female complaints; ladies all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
noraral results; fee low. 1007^ Market st.
MRS. pit- KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladies'
Fj«>ciali:?t; instant relief guaranteed ; home in
cc11f.ncr.2cnt: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8
10. is Si Market ct.. opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
SIRS. DK. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist: 30 years' experience; private home in
confinement. Moved to 728 Post St.. nr. Jones.
jiRP PR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable Bpeclal-
ift; maternity hospital; home for infants
frr-e; fee low. Moved to IIS Eddy st., nr Mkt.
.iRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
.-pecia'.ist; a private home before and during
ccr.f.rn'ment : best medical care; low fees.
LAP1KS— Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls -
iricf ?2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Kearny.
LADIES— "Neverfale," Pasteur's celebrated
repulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. S Flood bldg.
bll. AND MRS DAVIES and HINDOHERB
r original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
'DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton Bt.. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES A.NU MIM.NG.
6MALL cold mine, with mill; will pay from
vfce start: only small capital required; easy
ierms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. 137
Montpon-.ery St., S. F.
OFFICES AXU STORES TO LET.
CORNER store; fixtures complete; stone base-
mcr.t. Apply 33S9 Twenty-second st.
LARGE, store with high basement, fronting on
2 sts. ; bflow Kearny st. 636 Clay Bt.. room 1.
E'ESK room and desk in large sunny front
office. !nC> Market st.. room 09.
PAIJVTERS AND DECORATORS.
A TRUSTWORTHY house for~paperlng and
tinting. Hartman I-aint Co., 319 Third st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post Et.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 561.
AiiO SCRGEOXS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
aa operation ; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
taUon free. Drs. Forden & Porterneld. tt Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
IO2114 ilarket st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073^4 Market.
rERSOVALS.
v IT Is not claimed that Viavi can cure the ln-
ij curable, but thousands of women who had
given up all hope of ever obtaining relief
have been restored to health and strength by
the Viavi treatment; booklet for mothers and
daughters mailed free. The Viavi Co., 2304
Van Kess ave., San Francisco; teL East 2S2.
IF you hair Is falling, send for DE. G. S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
; remedy known to stop hair from falling and
: cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema.; preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or send for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell Et., S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
ct pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments,* $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
Et., between Seventh and Eighth.
6PEC1AL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
Cl week; ladies' tailor made suits, skirts,
ehjrtwaists. trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
cults, overcoats, bats; call, open account at
our rev.- store. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 31S Mason.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hctei. 44 Third st., neac Market; 700 rooms,
£5= to *1 50 per night; *1 50 to $6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from tb* ferry.
Ff.EE cure for etoirach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine is what
cured people say. Address REUXER GOU-
LET, Sacramento, Cal.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
EIMs, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
eame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
OX and after June 5, 1902, I will not be re-
sponsible for any debts contracted by my
wife. HELEN CLEU. PAUL E. CLEU.
ilADAME PONO — Scientific character read-
ing: hours. 10 to 12 a. m.. 1 to 4 and 7 to 8
yxn. ; Sundays. 10 to 12 a.m. 239 Powell, r. 14.
DKVNKENN'ESS. morphine and all drug dls-
eates I'ositlveiy cured by The Willow Bark
Cti. 1633 Polk St.. S. F.; consultation free.
WK3"E enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr Souble. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO,, 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifrlng, instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary St.. 8.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
haitt's uaion-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2.
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paic. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Eansome et.. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
ell the newest designs for gammer goods. J.
W. EVAN'S. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
AT lest than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
end trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market ft.
HONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at TV. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth ct.
LIQUOR habit — A new, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
gress P; O. box 552. San Jose. Cal.
MY hairdressing is acknowledged to be the
very best; 25c for any «yle. G. LEDERER,
123 Stockton st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
.!ar Price Hatter*. 330 Kcarny «t.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS $10; drees pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
PRIVATE Cetectlve work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna St..
JUST the books you're looking for; send post-
age for catalogue. Box 373. Montreal, Can.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Bold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured: no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelltv Rupture Cure. 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pants, 52 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
tnd moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrt. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 250.
KesQuerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rlcal cortutner. 26 OTarrell; country order*.
Electric & electric light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism. etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr. &Mrg.Traverse.ll70Market
ALKREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restore* gray
Ka;r to its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
!r!5t.p.ntly; 10j and 25c All druggists.
MASQUERADE cortumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
bett rcrn cure. 25c: ell druggists.
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE — Kenilworth Inn; romantically sit-
uated in Mill Valley; 60 minutes' ride from
Ean Francisco; completely furnished; in good 1
condition; 40 rooms; steam and hot water
l.fctl-.p; electric liprhts; heaters throughout:
elevator, etc.; rent low. Apply MADISON &
WUKKE. 30 Montgomery st.; ROBERTS.
Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley. Cal.
TO LEASE — Fine large corner office with fix-
tures, vaults, etc., in the business center of
the city; suitable for bank or insurance of-
fice. Apply to E. P. MURPHY, room 6. 602
California et. '
TYPEWRITERS AXI> SUPPLIES.
GJ^AT^BARGAINS IN TTTEWRITEiS^W^
cell better machines for less money than any
liouse in the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
ID-HAND typewriters eold, rented. • repaired.
Webster Typpwrlter Inspec. Co.. 209 ,Sansome.
TYPEWRITING &. MIMEOGRAPHING.
typewriting, 4c folio; copie». 2c;mlm-
•ccrapblng. 027 Marlit, rra^Cfc SemAfi. 1539.
REAL ESTATE- — CITY— FOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE '
BY C. S. CAPP & CO.,
,REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
630 Market Street. .
Pierce and California— Double corner, 50x120,
with six neat modern houses; well rented.
Alpine, near 14th— Lot 25x100; fine view. *
California st.. near Walnut— Cars pass; two
houses. 6 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet frontage.
Geary st., opposite Hamilton square — House,
2 Btoriea, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x82:0.
11 "* 11 8t -« between 17th and 18th— Lot 50x
120. with one-story cottage. 7 rooms and bath
and stable; $4000.
Eureka st., between 17th and 18th— 3 flats, 7
f-ndS rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath;
_OFarreH, between Polk and Van Ness— Lot
1i :Cxl20 to rear street, with 4 houses; well
rented. j
Webster, between California and Pine— Lot
25x106:3; fine house, 9 rooms. - -
Post, between Octavia and Laguna, — Lot
25:10x90.
Golden Gate ave.. between Pierce and Scott —
3-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath.
McAllister St., between Pierce and Scott —
Fine lot, 25x137:6.
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro St.; easy terms If desired.
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th— Lot 25x100.
Turk, between Buchanan and Webster— Lot
51x120. with six houses and flats; all rented.
Folsom, between 8d and 4th — Large lot; 1 old
improvements; rents $100; suitable for a hotel
or factory.
Fine residence in Oakland, overlooking Lake
Merritt — Magnificent view and large lot; for
sale or trade for city property. ¦
Two lots in Halladay Map A; cheap.
Sanchez, bet. 14th and 15th— 25 to 50x100.'
Cheap hits in Bernal Homestead; $10 per
fiont foot; near Mission road.
Golden Gate ave., between Baker and Lyon
— Cottage, 7 roomy and bath; lot 25x137:6.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 Montgomery st.
FINE PROSPECTIVE BUYS.
Van Ness-ave. corner. 125x130, In the best
portion; will pay to erect a family hotel or
apartment house.
$37,500— Van Ness ave.; NE. corner, with
frame improvements; fine location for hotel.
$S5,700— Ellls-st. buy in rapidly Improving
locality.
$35,000— Seventh-st. corner, close to Market,
with frame building.
$35,000 — Tenth-st. corner; large lot; rents
$165 a month.
$30,000— Third st.; 1% blocks from Market;
2-story building. > .
$25,000 — Polk St.; best locality; 34xS8, 2
stores and 2 flats; rents $157 60 a month.
$25.000 — Mason St., near Geary; brick build-
ing; 25- foot lot.
$22,500 — Corner Howard and Ninth. 35x80;
will pay well If improved.
$22,500 — Golden Gate ave.: 42x137:6, with
fair buildings; close to town; rents now $115
a month.
$20,000 — Polk st; 30-ft. front, with good 8-
Etory brick building. irLi^
$19 500— Golden Gate ave. ; 40x120 to rear
street, with buildings front and rear.
$18,000 — Polk-st. corner, with 3-story build*
ing; always rented.
$16,500— Clay st.; downtown, with 3-5tory
brick; rents $140 a month.
$14,000 — Geary St., with 2 houses; rents $75;
a fine buy for the present and for future In-
crease in value and rents; Geary st. is rapidly
moving toward this locality.
$13,000 — Near 5th and Folsom; 61x80; rents
$41 : lot only partially improved. .,
House on Jones St., north of Poet, 30 feet.
Lot on Union Square ave.; needs building;
would pay well.
J. L. COOKE..26 Montgomery ( st..J. L. COOKE
San Francisco
...Great Bargains, Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
All sizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity.
Secure a home.
Special Bargains .Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can get It cheap.
Leave your address with me
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will
purchase you a home.
Don't forget to call on or - " » ¦
address J. L. COOKE,
26 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
Cut this out and save address.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California st. (Savings Union
building), between Montgomery and Kearny —
How to get a home, if you. are paying rent;
only $575 down and easy installments to suit.
A new residence on sunny side (north side) cf
the street. Western Addition, near Broderick,
fine marine view, a few steps from cable cars;
6 rooms, bathroom, butler's pantry, closets,
large unfinished basement, stone pavement,
street bituminized. choice location; lot 25x
107:6; very cheap; only $3175; nice houses
going up all around and everything rented;
key at office. W. J. GUNN,
530 California st.
FOR SALE — $32,000 net: splendid new corner
property in finest residence part of Western
Addition; cannot be duplicated for $40,000;
no agents; deal direct with owner; no com-
mission; closest Investigation; specifications
submitted. Rooms 714-714 Elnma Spreckels
bids, from 9:30 to 5:30; -
FLAT. 6 rooms; nicely furnished; all new; only
few doors from Market st. ; rent $30 per mo. ;
will eell reasonable If taken at once. 11
Sixth st. ; bo agents. . •¦
LOT 25. 35 or 75x120. with or without im-
provements; 1% blocks from park entrance;
north side. Address box 311, Call office.
2 GOOD building lots, 50x100, $250. Apply
313 Twenty-seventh et.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California st., for
pamphlets and Information.
A BARGAIN — For sale or exchange for city
property, good country road house; must be
sold on account of owner leaving city. Apply
on premises, San Leandro and Yoakum ave.
Write Wells, Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
list of bargains In fruit and chicken ranches.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster, Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber. mines. EMMO.N'S & EON. Mills bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$5000 — FOR sale, near Hay wards. 10-acre "fruit
farm, modern Improvements ; would exchange
for lmcroved residence property and some
money, in San Francisco or Oakland. Owner
2926 Sixteenth st.. San Francisco.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty, 1 of the finest ranches In Sonoma Valley.
Ads. Ri Clark, Agua Caliente, Sonoma Valley.
CITY OF RICHMOyP. *
OFFICIAL map of the City.of Richmond mailed
free. RICHMOND LAND CO. Inc., room
182, Crocker bu!l<1'r>ir Pan Francisco.
ALAMEiU .Wi-.Kiibl-MENTS.
AHMED* KflUi RST*TK.
FORECLOSURE and Estate Properties for Sale.
See the Alameda Land Company. ¦ •
$4500 — The cheapest piece of property ever of-
fered in Alameda; fine home; 8 rooms 1
and bath; lot 62x150; between Chestnut
and Morton-st. stations; a snap. - -
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
'BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
HRRKRIKV _REAI. ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENTV r~~— -
OWN YOUR OWN HOME.
Our plan enables you to buy 'your own lot
where you please, build according to your
' own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan •ftered by the Berkeley
Equitable Building Association is the easiest
and best plan ever Introduced to the public.
See our tables and convince yourself; only $8
per month pays for your home; no Interest
Home office at 2131 Stanford place, Berkeley .
Branch office Lorin P.' O., and room 39 Ne-
vada block, San Francisco. W. C. MORAN,
secretary and manager. Agents wanted.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCH, 614 Pine!
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
Mill Valley AdvertisemeDts.
MILL VALLEY j [ "p f A V ' E ,? TATi ? >
HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath, unfurnished, up-
etairc, 3 rooms below; in' fine condition; sun
all day; larre lot; stable, fruit trees; fine
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot: $17 5u
per 'month by the year. S. H. ¦ ROBERTS,
Real Entate. Mill Valley. Cal. _^
2 UNFURNISHED bouses, one 5 rooms, one 3.
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near tbe Cascades; suitable for hotel pur-
poses; sunny; to rent by the season or year
or for sale. S. H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley,
Cal. \ ¦ ¦ ¦ .' ¦ ¦-¦•-'.- ¦
$1200 — HOUSE, 4 rooms; lot 50x150; fruit trees,
flower garden; opposite Episcopal church; 5
minutes to deoot: sun all day: barcain. S.
H. ROBERTS. Real Estate. Mill Valley, Cal.
BEWIXG MACHINES AWD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
' ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. - 145 Sixth.
FLANNERY— In this city, June 4, 1902.
. Jamea, beloved husband of Annie Flannery,
- and father of James \V. Flannery, a native
of Canada, aged 45 years.
itCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, ' 1430 Golden Gate avenue, thence
¦ .to Holy Cross Church, where a requiem high -
mass will be celebrated for tbe repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
J Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Twenty-fifth and Valencia ¦ streets. I
FLYNN— In this city, June 3, 1902, Luke, be-
loved .husband of the late Rose Flynn, and
father of Joseph, Mary and Annie Flynn and
I the late James Flynn, a native of Ireland,
aged 72 years.
¦ ' £7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral Saturday,'
June 7. at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany,' 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
, be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at. 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HARRELL— In this city, June 4, 1902, Mrs.
R. H. Harrell, aged 8U years..
[GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, June 7, 1002. at 1 o'clock, at the i
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2175 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
: " tery. ' . • ¦ ¦
JENSEN— In this city, June 4, 1902. Jennlo
Jensen, mother of Bernlce and James Cald-
well, aced 30 years. .
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at the fu-
neral parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Missloa
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KELLOGG— In Oakland ' June 6, 1902, Lang-
don De Witt, husband of Nellie Kellogg, and
father of Mary, Louise and Ida Isabelle Kel-
logg, a native of Plumas County, Cal., aged
¦ 49 years.
LORD — In this city, June 5, 1902, Captalfl
William A. Lord, beloved husband of Va-
leria E. Lord, - a native of York, I Me., aged
; 77 years 10 months and 11 days.
-. (CJ'Frlends and acquaintances, are . re-
quested to attend the funeral Sunday, at
1:30 o'clock, from the residence of his eon,
William A. Lord. 3330 Twenty-third street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land. .' , ¦ • .
McDUFF— In this city, June 4, 1902, Fred-
erick McDuff, a native of England, aged 34
years 4 months and 5 days.
OTriends and j acquaintances and mem-
bers of Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the
funeral parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MACK — In this city, June 6, 1902, Harold,
beloved son of Harry and Eva Mack, and
brother of Beatrice Mack, a native of Berke-
ley, Cal. v , aged 2 years 1 month and 5 days.
MAYER — In this/ city, June 5, 1902, George
Mayer, a native of Germany, aged 24 years.
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 8, 1902, at 11 o'clock, from parlors
of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, between Jones ' and Leavenworth
streets, where services will be held. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MIGNOLA — In this city, June 6, 1902, Bern-
hard J. Micnola, youngest and dearly be-
' loved son of Mrs. Elizabeth Borneman, and
. brother of Joseph, Louis and Henry Mlg-
nola, a native of San Francisco, aged 16
years and 2 months.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully InVIted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel ; Hill Cemetery.
NEWSOM- In Oakland. June 6, 1902, Eliza
.Jane, widow of the late J. J. Newsom, and
mother of P. N. Fowler and Miss- Jessie L.
Newsom. a native of Montreal, Canada, aged
65 years 8 months and 2 days.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
The Hacknien's Union, Local No. 224, at a
regular summons . meeting held at their hall
! on Thursday evening. Jane 5, 1902, resolved
that they would not s h!re v or drive a carriage
at any funeral conducted under the auspices
of the "Odd Fellows' Cemetery Funeral
Directors."
Reduced
GENUINE
WELLINGTON
COAL
For Sale by All Reliable Dealers
$101! per ton.tel, escorted by '; the Shrlners of San
Francisco.
SHRINERS WHO WILL PLAY A
PROMINENT PART IN CERE
MONIES. .
LOS ANGELES, June <5.— Shrlner* from
the land of the rising sun assumed pos
session of the Chamber of commerce 10
day, and by to-morrow there will be an
overflow of '-the red fez visitors from
abroad throughout the ¦¦'¦ city. • Shriners
from Toledo/Ohio. arrived to-night. They
will depart for the" north at 9 a. m. Sun
day, June 8, will be a busy day for the
tribesmen In Southern California. Be
tween 350 and -400 of the faithful will de
part from here for San Francisco on that
day, in addition to eight special trains
that . . will depart from Arcade 6tation
with' Shriners from the East. The . last
contingent Is due to arrive, In San Fran
cisco Monday morning, and will parade
from the Southern Pacific depot. Third
and Townsend streets, to the Palace Ho-
Executive committee — John A. • Brltton,
chairman: A. W. Burrell. A. W. Bishop. E. K.
Taylor, Francis Ferrler. F. F. Jackson, Clay
Hawbaker. J.. 8. Emery. F. W. Bllg-er.
The students and alumni of Heald'*
Business College gave a very enjoyabla
entertainment and dance at Golden Gata
Hall last evening. The programme was
as follows: Readings by Mrs. Rule D.
Meeke; vocal solo by Melville A. Stokes
of the Columbia minstrels; a song and
dance by A. Fletcher of the Colum>U.
minstrels; tenor solo by Jack Harris of
the Columbia minstrels, and more read
ings by Mrs. Rule D. Meeke. The re
mainder of the evening waa devoted to
dancing. All enjoyed a very pleasant
evening.
Hold Entertainment and Dance.
Clarence Coombs, a boy. 14- years of age.
was convicted by Judge Mogan yesterday
on the charge of petty larceny for stealing
r.fteen newspapers on Eleventh street, be
tween Howard and Folsom,. last Sunday
morning, and sent to the Boys' and Girls'
Aid Society. . Joseph McKenna, 15 years
of age, who was in court on a charge of
malicious mischief, was pointed out by
Coombs as the boy whom he alleged gave
Mm the papers, and he was taken to the
City Prison, where he was booked ' for
petty larceny,.
Boy Newspaper Thieves.
The famous Pollard Juvenile Opera
Company, which made such a hit when
they were, at the Tlvoll some , months
e^o. arrived frcra their long and success
ful tour in the East yesterday. The chil
dren will sail for their home in Australia
on the Thursday 6teamer, but prior to
their departure have arranged with the
management of Fischer's Theater to give
m. "farewell" performance • on . next
¦Wednesday afternoon, when they will
present Gilbert & Sullivan's greatest op
«ra. "Pinafore)." The performance will
be a "benefit" to the company, and a
crowded house is certain. There are now
fifty-six juveniles on the stage, and the
aeenery end costumes are all new, hav
ing been gotten up for the Eastern pro
duct! or.s.
Pollard Farewell.
Professor Allen's band has been en
gaged to furnish music for dan/:lng at the
pavilion in the picturesque pa/k. A large
number of handsome, game, and gate
prises are to be distributed. Games and
a-thletic events of all kinds and descrip
tions have been arranged for, and every
one will have a chance to compete. Those
In charge of the outing have spared -no
«fforts to make the affair a notable one,
and a pleasant time is promised. The
following committee has been appointed
to take charge of the arrangements: J. C
Ryan. J. F. Weiss. Rev. P. O'Connell. R.
FSannagan. A. She^han, J. J. Flannagan
P. Marnion. F. Boland. G. Sullivan. J. C
DaJy, Mrs. Frahj'. Mrs. J. C. Daly and
Miss Maggie Clark.
The annual outing and picnic nf P?.
Francis parish will take place at Sunset
Park, Santa Cruz Mountains. Saturday.
June 14. The picnickers will assemble at
the ferry landing and take the S:45 boat,
which will connect with a special train.
Will Journey to Sunset Park
Next Saturday.
Uembers of Church and Their Friends
ST. FBANCIS PABISH
TO HOLD AN OUTING
The principal holders from whom land
will be purchased are the Big Basin
Lumber - Company, Timothy Hopkins
Menlo Park; McAbee Bros.. Boulder
Creek; I. T. Bloom. Boulder Creek; H. D
Rossiter. San' Franciaco; L.. Coburn, Pes
cadero: Eberhard Tanning Company; D
J. West, San Jose, and the D.G.'Part
ridge estate. |
In the years to come when San Francisco's
population has reached the million mark, and
the other surrounding cities have correspond
ingly Increased, this Big Basin will. afford one
of the finest recreation grounds In the State.
The reason the board has conducted all Its
business so eecretly is that It wished to get
the. land. at as low a figure as possible, and
I'ubllcity would have caused the property hold
en> in that • eectlon to hold out for the best
l>rice pcesible. . The commission has only
wished to act for the State's best Interests.
It has . necessarily been. a tedious Job to hunt
up the numerous owners of land In' the Basin
and secure terms of sale satisfactory to each
side. With the completion of a few minor
details, the work of the commission will have
been accomplished. All of the Commissioners
are favorably impressed with the new natural
park site, and Big Basin Park Is an assured
fact. Some of the land will cpst $100 an acre,
some less. Ii. 1_. Mlddleton.of the Big Basin
Lumber Company, who holrls the largeet part
,of th« desirable land, will sell the best portion
of it for $100 an acre, but he will throw in
a lot of leas attractive land for $10 an acre,
so the average price- will not be great. It
is the intention of ' the commission to secure
as much land as the money will buy.
CAUSE OF SECBECY.
It Is an assured fact that the Big Basin will
be purchased as soon as the details can be
arranged. The commission lias not acted upon
It as yet, but will Jo so In the near future.
The public will be given a wonderful park,
a piece of wild land that abounds with large
redwoods. One of th>s clauses of the bill ap
propriating $250,000 for a park was that the
land bought should contain an excellent growth
of California's characteristic tree.
It will be remembered that Makinney's
daughter, as soon as the park scheme
was sprung, attempted to take up a sec
tion on the outskirts of the basin, and
i» was thought that she intended try
ing to resell it to the Park Commission.
Governor Gage at once telegraphed to
Senator Perkins at Washington and re
quested him to have the Government
withdraw from entry all lands in the Big
Basin, pending the examination by the
Park Commission of lands wanted foi
the public park. The. services of an ad
visory board composed of the following
prominent. citizens conversant on the sub
ject of timber and timber lands was then
enlisted to examine the property: N. P.
Chipman. president of tRe State Boara
of Trade; W. W. Van Arsdale of Slski
you County; Robert Dollar, Hervey
Lindley, A. B. Hammond of Portland
owner of the Columbia River and Astoria
Railroad, and Drury Melone of N"apa_
Thls committee reported favorably upon
the Big Basin site. and. another commit
tee was appointed to look into the titles
of the property. The committee was com
posed of A. W. Foster, Professor Dudley
and W. H. Mills.
Professor Dudley, in speaking of the
purchase yesterday, said:
BIG BASIN SITE FAVORED.
Professor Dudley also say's the commis
sion has in mind the purchase of 14,000
acres of good timber land. That portion
of the Big Basin owned by the ¦ United
States Government is separated from the
land i he commission has decided to buy
by a half section, which will be< t pur
chased when the Government turns it
over to the State. The land which it was
said Miss Makinney wanted to take up
and resell to the commission was not
considered, as it is almost devoid of
trees. It "was thought that the fact that
H. E. Makinney owned land through
which the west fork of Waddell flows
would endanger the water supply
of the park should he cut oil the stream.)
Professor Dudley says there is no dan
ger on that score, however, as the prop
erty owned by Makinney is not irav
orsed by the creek until after it passes
through the land which the commission
has decided to buy.
Professor Dudley, secretary of the com
mission, says ' tliat' hone, of the sections
desirable lor a park are assessed to un
known owners. "No land, except one
piece of ninety acres, will be bought from
ri. E. MaSiinnoy.as his property has no
redwoods U'HMI it."
. The Dig Basin Park Commissioners
have decided to purchase the property
known as the "Big Basin of'Santa Cruz."
The commission, composed of W. H.
Mills tchairman). A. W. Foster, Professor
William . Russel Dudley of Stanford.
Father R.'E. Kenna. president of Santa
Clara College.' and Governor Gage tex
otncio member), has at last arranged for
the purchase of the different holdings In
the Big" Basfn section. Considerable
trouble was experienced in making terms
with the numerous holders of the land.
As a matter of fact, we have been keeping a
•trlct watch throughout the entire State for
•my r'olatlons of the oleomargarine law and
have not during the last year found a single
violation on the part of retailers or whole
ealers.
In crder to continue the traffic In the article
the manufacturers evidently are determined
to push tlie sale of the uncolored goods bear
ing the sma.II tax of one-quarter of a cent.
I don't think the Armour, capsule method
w:ll meet with much success. Families are
not going ts purchase oleomargarine knowing
it to be such and then take the trouble to
*->o}ot it. Hotels and restaurants and-boardlng
heufcs, it is true, are still restricted from
using it except In Its uncolored state.
Hitherto there has been a United States law
requiring a 2-cent tax on oleomargarine, or
butterine, whether colored or not. The new
law r.assed by Congress and which goes Into
effect July 1 changes the tax to one-quarter of
t cent on all uncolored oleomarearlne. while
15. raises the tax on colored oleomarearlne to
30 cer.ts, which is considered prohibitive b)
mar.y.
Armour can sell all the oleomarsarlne he
likes, but if it is not In accord with the law
ot the State he will make himself liable and
we «shall not hesitate to take speedy action for
the protection of the dairy interests es well ai
these of the public. The law of this State
tr.akis it illegal to ofTer for eal« any *uhstance
or compound other lhan that made from pure
milk cr crc&ra anJ made in the semblance of
butter:
William H. Saylor, assistant secretary
in charge of the State Dairy Bureau, said
yesterday in the absence of Mr. Thomas:
DAIBY INTEREST WATCHED.
J. H. Thomas Ks^.. Secretary State Dairy
Bureau. San i'ranoisoo. Cal. — Dear Sir: You
are doubtless familiar with the oleomargarine
law which lakes effect July 1. W> have not
been offerinn any oleomarearlne In your State
for a number ct" years. However, on July 1 we
Intend to pu5li the talc of the uncolored good?
through cur State -agencies. The new
law penults fanullc-s to buy the uncolored prod.
»icl and ooloi It. at. home. Hotels, restaurant*,
boarding-houses, etc., are prohibited from
dolns this. It is our Intention to furnish re
tail dealer* who handle x>ur jrooda with color
ing In capsules. When a pound of buttertne is
s-old a cuD£u!e Is given to the purchaser. A*
Jar at the provision* of the California law
ure concerned wo will comply -with them.
Thought Ixrtt to advise you of our IntentJons.
Yours very truly,
. ARMOUR PACKING CO. (Miller).
Silver Churn Its fweet *
Butterlhe. And stays so.
Armour Packins Co.
KANSAS CITY, LV&. A.. May 24. 1002.
THE COLORING CAPSULE.
J. .11. Thomas, secretary- of- the- State
Dairy Bureau, has btcn surprised by aw
unlocked for communication from the
Armour Packing Company giving notice
U-.at after July 1 it intends to resume the
sale of oleomargarine, the reason given
being that on and after that date the law.
will countenance and allow families^ to
purchase the uncolored ' article, but Ar
mour has conceived a plan whereby the
nrni can get around the law. for while
supplying oleomargarine uncolored, which
will be perfectly permissible. Armour at
the same tale will •"furnish" dealers tlie
coloring matter— that is, a composition M
bring the oleomargarine up to the com
plexion of butter ii. convenient, law-evaa
ing capsules. Armour «& Co.'s communi
cation follows: ¦
Professor Dudley Says All
Arrangements Are About
Ocmoleted
Folks Can Henceforth Make
Substitute Look the Real
Thing.
Armour to Sell Uncol
ored Article With
Cute Capsule.
Commissioners Decide to
Buy the Santa Cruz
Property.
General committee— J. B. Mclntyre.' chair
man; very Rev. Father PlusVIurphy. treasurer-
George M,' Kelley, secretary. ; • . -
Musl«s — William Barry, D. Kenny and James
• Printing— J. B. Mclntyre, J.\B. Coffey and
William J. O'Connor. x. ' ..
• Press— W. Chester Keogh, John Doherty and
E. J. Dollard.
Transportation — J. B. Mclntyre," P. J. • m o _
Keon and George M. Kelly.
Games — P. J.McKeon.- Richard O'Connor A
White, Ed Kenny. D. Sheerln, James McManus"
Captain J. Murphy and. William J. O'Connor. •
Floor manager — Forest Adams. : . .
At the next meeting of the general com
mittee a floor 'Committee and a reception
committee will be appointed.
The fifth annual excursion and picnic of
St. Dominic's Church will be ¦ held at
Fcrnbrook Park. Niles Canyon. ; on June
IS. Many attractive features will be pre
sented, and a number of valuable gate
and game prizes are to-be distributed
There will I be jig and reel dancing. The
following. committees have the excursion
in charge:
of Enjoyment at Fernbrookf
Park, Niles Canyon.
Parishioners Are Preparing for a Day
ANNUAL EXCURSION" OF
ST. DOMINICS CHURCH
"General committee — George W. Baker, chair
man: Frank W. Bilger. secretary ; J.' S. Emery,'
A. W. Burrell. Dr. W. H. Craig, F. F. Jack
son. Clay ' Hawbaker. L. L. • Nelson, Francis
Ferrler, E. A. Stevenson. E. Whlpple. Dr. L.
R. Webster, A. W. Bishop, Captain R, Minor,
R. P. Wylle, Al Kendall. • .
The Santa Fe Railway . will also bring
three special trains from the East. These
trains will be transferred to the Southern
Pacific tracks at Los Angeles. . \
OAKLAND, June 6. — The Alameda
County members of Islam Templo organ
ized to-night to take charge of Oakland
day, June 12, when the famous Arab Pa
trol drill corps of New York. Minneapo
lis, Denver, Columbus, Ohio. Philadelphia
and San Francisco will hold their com
petitive drill at the New California
Jockey Club grounds, Emeryville. The
committee will take charge of the ar
rangements, receive visitors, and secure
street car and other facilities. It will be
a big society event. Many of the fash
ionable set from both sides of the bay
will drive out in their, finest equipages.
The- committees are as follows:
Toledo party, June 4, five cars;* Columbus,
O.. Temple, June 4. one car: Moolah Temple.
Ht' Joseph, Mo.. June 0, five, cars: McGee par
ty] New York. June 0, nine cars; Buffalo party.
June 6 five cars; Shaffer party, Philadelphia.
June 0. six cars; Isis Temple.. June 6. . five
cars; Columbus party. June 7. six cars; Ararat
Temple, Kansas, June 7. six cars: Al Kohran
Temple, Cleveland. June 7. six cars;. Medlnah
Temple, Chicago.- June 7. seVen cars; Lu-Lu
Temple. Philadelphia. June 7, seven cars;
Omaha party. June 7. two cars; Chicago, Pro
fessor Turner's party, June 7. one car; Syria
Temple, Pittsburg. June 8. six «*ars; Moolah
Temple ¦ 1'lttsburg, June 8. five cars: Redding
Temple) Pennsylvania. June 7, one car; Merid
ian Temple, June 7. two cars;. Murat Temple,
Indianapolis, June 6. one car; El .TebeK Tom
pie Denver. June 7, • eight cars; Minneapolis
Temple, June 6. seven cars.
Superintendent of Transportation Rich
ardson of the Southern Pacific Company
stated yesterday that he had received ad
vices from many of the temples. . The or
der In which the trains, passed and will
pass through Offden is as follows: :.
PASSING THBOUGH 0GDEN;
June 9 — Zenobla Temple, Toledo. O. : Mos
lem Temple. Detroit. Mich.. 7 p. m., at Third
and Townsend streets; Murat Temple. Indian
apolis, and AJaddin ¦ Temple, Columbus, O.,
6:55 am.; Moolah Temple of 8t. Louis, Mo.,
12:25 p. m. ; Syria Temple of Pittsburgh Pa.,
4:55 p. m.; Medlnah Temple, Chicago, 111..
6:25 a. m. ; Tangier Temple. Omaha. 8:25 a.
m. ; Hamasa Temple, Meridian, Miss., 4:25' p.
m. ; Al Malaikah Temple of Los Angeles,: Third
and Townsend streets, 9:30 a. in.; Ben Hur
Temple. El Paso. 9 a. m.
June 10 — Turner party, Chicago, 111., Third
and Townsend streets, morning: El Jebel Tem
ple Denver. Colo.. 7:55. a. m.; Foster party,
Bridgeport. 'Conn.. 4 -.25, p. m. ¦ . . • . .
The several caravans of the Shriners
will arrive in this city in the following
order: J ¦-'
j une 7— Lu-Lu Temple, Philadelphia, 0:25
P. m.
June 8 — By the Santa Fe line, Hlla Temple,
from Texas points: Isis Temple, from Salina.
Kan., 7:20 a. m. ; Zurah Temple, Minneapolis.
7:55 'a. m. ; Ismalla Temple, Buffalo, N. • Y.,
6:55 a m. ; Damascus Temple. Rochester. N.
Y., same time; Al Kohran Temple, Cedar Rap-
Ids Iowa, and Tangier Temple, Omaha. 7:55
a. in.; Molla Temple, St. Joseph. Mo.; Addallah
Temple* Leavenworth, Kan., and Za-Ga-Zlg
Temple, Des Molnes. Iowa, 7:25 a., m. ; Al Ko
ran Temple, Cleveland. O.. 4:55 p.jn.; McGee
party, Xew York. 12 m.; Shaffer party, Phila
delphia, morning; Great Northwest party of St.
Paul. Minn. 8:55 a. m. . . -¦
WHEN TRAINS ARE DUE.
The parade will form at 7 o'clock, moving
from Tenth and Market streets down Market
to Montgomery and counter marching to Ninth
fctreet. and thence to the Mechanics' Pavilion
for review. The divisions will form tn col
umns of threes. ¦ , .
Thirteenth division — Illustrious Past Poten
tate Charles L. Field, marshal; band; Imperial
Council. - ¦ ¦ Y -
Twelfth division — Noble Thomas II. Brown,
San Francisco, marshal; band: Islam Temple;
pecond section, Ean Francisco. .
Eleventh division — Noble R. B. Moore. San
Francisco, marshal: band; Islam Temple, first
section. San Francisco.
Tenth division— Noble G. W. Baker. Oakland,
marshal; band; Islam Tenvle Nobles of Ala
meda County and. counties, south of Sulsun Bay.
Eighth division — Noble Robert Wankowskl.
Los Anseles. -marshal; band; Al Malaikah
Temple, Los Anseles. , '. -.- .
Ninth division— NoMe Louis Breur.er, Sacra
mento, marshal; band; Islam. Temple Noble* of
Sacramento and north of Sulsun Bay.
First division— Xoble H. P. Steele. Denver,
marshal;: Denver Drum Corps, sixty-five pltces:
i;i /.lebel Temple. Denver; Abdallah Temple.
Leaven worth: El Zasal Tempi*. Fargo: El
Xarifcah Temple. Phoenix; Islr- Temple, S.illna.
Kans. ; Sesostrus Temple, Lincoln, Neb. : Tan
gier Temnle. Omaha.
Second division— Noble Charles A. Benedict.
New York, marshal; band; Mecca Temple,
New York;. Aleppo Temple. Boston: . Oouml
Temple. Baltimore; Cyprus Temple. Albany:
Damascus Temple. Rochester: Ismalla Temple.
Buffalo: Kismet Temple. , Brooklyn: Media
Temple, Watertown, N. Y.; Sphinx Temple.
Hartford: liora Tc-mple. Lewlston, Me.
Third division— Noble William H. Wnlk^r.
Pitteburg. marshal; band; Syria Temple. FltJ
burc: Lu-Lu Temple. Philadelphia: Alr.^.s
Temple. Washlnston. U. C.
Fourth division— Noble John P. Mcv-'une.
Columbus, marshal: band; Aladdin Temple,
Columbus, O. : Al Koran Temple, Cleveland:
Moslem Temple.. Detroit: Saladin Temple,
Grand Rapids; Syrian Temple, Cincinnati.
Filth .division— Noble Jolin W. Swattk. Chi
cago, marshal; band; Medlnah Temple, Chi
cago; Murat Temple. Indianapolis: Tripoli
Temple. Milwaukee, Za-Ga-Zit? Temple. Des
Molnes: Zuhrah Temple, MinnenpoMs.
Sixth division — Noble William M. Porteus,
St. Louis, marshal: Moolah Temple, St. Louis:
Alee Temple, Savannah. Ga. ; Ararat Temple.
Kansas City; Hamasa Temple. Meridian. Miss.;
Hella Temple, Dallas, Tex.; Moila Temple, St.
Joseph. Mo. . ¦ . •
Seventh division— Noble W. D. Hyland.
Portland, Or., marshal; band; Al Kader Tem
ple. Portland Or. ; El Korah Temple. Boise:
Ann Temple. Tacoma; El Katlf Temple, Spo
kane.
The following is the order of the
parade: , ¦ ¦ . ¦¦ ' '
Grand marshal. Pioneers, mounted.' ercort,
nlds. . ¦¦ . ¦
ORDER OF THE PARADE.
Rev. E. B. Church, gran* chaplain of the
wveral Masonic errand bodies, will open with
ii praytr. followed by musical selections by
tlH- Lorinz Club. Charles L. Field, ohnlrman
of the executive committee nnd a past Imperial
potentate, will introduce Imperial ¦ Potentate
Philip C. Shaffer of Philadelphia.- In 'behalf
ot Islam Temple. Illur-trlous Potentate Ctiarlc*
H. Murphy will welcome, th.? members .'t Hie
imperial Council and extend to them the f-rma!
invitation ot accepting tlif hospitality of Is'ai::
<:uriii£; the tlni*» the caravan rests In the
Mecca of Ean Francisco. Mayor ' Cugene i:
Schmlf. will oxtend the greeting*- end «' ivcl
ei.rrie to visiting Nobles on b->li«lf of the i>eo
pie -if San Francisco. The Imperial C->ut-.c;i
will then go into session and transact Its Titu
lar business. . • •
THE ladies accompanying the visit
ing Shriners will be received nt
the Lick House by a committee
tfom Islam Temple. The ladies
of the families of members, of
Islam have been added to the -Committee.
They will wear broad golden ribbons, on
which will be printed the words "recep
tion committee." 'surmounted _by the
Shrine .emplem in bronze. ¦ .
Mrs. George Armstrong. Mrs. William
Cluff. Mrs. Robert B. Moore and Mrs. F.
A. Pague will act as patronesses at the
prand ball.
Many of the stores and business houses
on Market street commenced decorating
yesterday afternoon, and. by the time -the
Ufitors arrive that thoroughfare will be
in holiday - attire. , . "
Thf programme for the first. days ses
sion Is as follows:
OLEOMARGARINE
TO BE BOOMED
BIG BASIN PARK
NOW A CERTAINTY
MANY CARAVANS OF SHRINERS
ARE JOURNEYING TO THE WEST
'' Beklns'.Van and Storage Co. will move
• your Roods In city or country. KO Market. "
BICYCLIST ARRESTED.— James L. Healy,
an employe of S. N. Wood, was knocked down
and severely injured yesterday mornlnr by
rred W. Joyce, who was riding a bicycle at
a hlth rate of. speed. Healy' s father swore
cut. a warrant for Joyce" c arrest and Joyce
•was released on $40 cash bail. The accident
occurred at Sixth and Market streets.
Try ths Cafe Zlnkand for lunch. Good
meats well cooked, well served. •
Low prices and good .work in making
over furniture and mattresses. HopKe
Bros., 411-413 Powell st. Phone Bush 42L •
LOSES HI8 POSITION. — George Bchmldt, an
employe of the Western Sugar Refinery, who
has been - conducting a saloon on the quiet
near the ¦ refinery, .was discharged from his
position yesterday and forced to close his place
of business by Richard Sprockets. . manager of
the comAny.
To-day wt will give you another snap; 3000
pairs ladles' black or tan kid shoes, high grids
at that, some in fact are hand- turned, others
are just as good. They were made to sell for
$3 a pair. Our price for to-day (only) will be
BOc a pair, but you must come early if you
want the best sizes and widths. Sale begins at
0 o'clock. Busy Bee Sho« Co.. 1029 Market St..
above Sixth. • ¦
Picked Up Another Lot.
Albert StlglmeleT. a Chicago b^cher.
called upon Warrant and Bond ClerK
FStzpatrick yesterday morning, accom
panied by Albert Marco, a friend, who
lives at 136 Sixth street. Stiglmeier want
ed a warrant for the arrest of his wife
Alma and Frank J. Gallery, who, he said,
had been living for over a year as hus
b'smd and wife in a house on Alabama
street, near Seventeenth. The warrants
were issued.
SUglmeler said that he had been mar
ried tor nearly ten years, but there were
no children. Gallery worked for him and
became friendly with his wife. 'Gallery
left Chicago in March last year, saying
he was going to a summer resort in Mich
igan leaving a wife and child behind.
About five weeks later Mrs. Stiglmeier
told him she wanted to go to California
for her health, and he gave her $100 to
i>ay her fare and expenses. Since that
time he had not heard from. her. but re
cently he learned, he alleged, from two
women with whom she corresponded that
she was in this city with Gallery. He
had also learned that she had told people
ii> Chicago that she was going away with
Gallery. He communicated with his
friend Marco and after hearing from him
came on here.
Gallery, who was employed in the Mont
gomery market, was arrested by Detec
tives McMahon and Anthony, and later
they arrested Mrs. Stiglmeier at the house
on Alabama street. They were bovh
locked up in the City Prison. Mrs. Stigl
meier, who Is a comely looking woman,
accuses her husband of having beaten,
kicked and abused her for years till she
was forced to leave him. She came here
with her brother, A. Conrad, a butcher
employed in a shop on Sixth street, .be
tween Folsom and Bryant, and claims she
has been keeping houso for him. She and
her brother met Gallery on the street
shortly after they came here, and at her
brother's request he came and boarded
at the house. She denies that they were
living as husband and wife. She has en
gaged Attorney McWilliams to defend
her. a - -¦•
Albert Stiglmeier Has
Spouse and Friend
Arrested.
RUNAWAY WIFE
TIEN TO JAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1902.
14
The New Blood and Shin
Purifiers
ANOTHER TRIUMPH FOR CUTICURA
CUTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS (Chocolate Coated) are a new,
tasteless, odorless, economical substitute for the celebrated liquid
CUTICURA RESOLVENT, w as well as for all other blood purifiers and
humour cures. Each pill is equivalent to one teaspoonful of liquid
RESOLVENT. Put up in screw-capped pocket vials, containing the
same number of doses as a 50c bottle of liquid RESOLVENT, price
25c. CUTICURA PILLS are alterative, antiseptic, tonic, and digestive,
and beyond question the purest, sweetest, most successful and econ-
omical blood and skin purifiers, humour cures, and tonic-digestives
vet compounded. Samples free by mall to all friends and patrons
bt CUTICURA SOAP.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour, $1.00.
Consisting of Ctmccn.t Soaf, £*•«., to cleanse the ekin of crusts
J;£ _ ____ and scales nnd soften the thickened cuticle; Ccticura Oistmekt.
oil p Bfl*Il|r5« We- t0 in«tr.r.tlv allay itching, inflammation, and irritation ar.a
XfJi&iLVUL£.&8 Boothc and heal; and Cuticl-ra Resolvext Pills. 25c.. to cool
— and cleanse the blood. A SXkqle Set Is often sufficient to enre
ju a Q A i. of thenoft tortxxrlac. dlsflRurinr, and humljlatlnu skin, scalp, and
I noyoi 9i ': blood huoioon. with loss of luur, when all elso falls. SoM througn-
•atthe world. Brtttsh Dejwt: 27 .53, Charterhouse S^ n X.ondon. rrench Depot: 6 Kue d*
fcJPaix. raxi». roTTfia »ac» MfD QxnuOOxr* Solo frops., Bwrton, U. 8. A.
9 ¦',¦>;¦¦"''-'"¦ r ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ O
q q -:-O O- "• ' " — — © •
Of RIBBONS. T -RIBBONS. •
• FANCY STRIPE WASH RIBBON;" LIBERTY. SILK RIBBON I 8 lnihes g
O On sale ' y r . .'wide. . On. Bale . .... . . . ©
§ 8c per yard. > ' ; 10c pep yard. §
q ...... . . - ' •¦•.;.-.¦•¦...'¦¦;.., -.- t .....:.. .:...¦... ' .. q
S SUMMER OUTING SKIRTS. O .WOMEN'S SHIRT WAISTS. §
9 SPECIAL TO-DAY AT 98- : :^ ;.,... SPECIAL TO-DAY.AT. 63c. O
©Women's •doilble flounco covert-- cloth" -Excellent quality CHAMBRAE SHIRT©
A OVERSKIRTS: all sizes.*; '' £ ' • .- • I WAISTS; in all the popular colors, made Q
O ' SPECIAL TO-DAY AT $1.50. V . ; .".. lapels and. stock, collar, ot white q
9 Women's stylish navy blue -polka .. , dot { . „¦_.«-,,,¦ ~. n r»«v at o« ®
A OVFRSKIRTS; made with double flounce- ¦; oPBCIAL TO-DAY ATBSc. 0
a and trimmed with stitched .straps of i Fine , mercerized -CHAMBRAE SHIRT «j
5 blue pique. - , ."¦ , ':• WAISTS, prettily .trimmed with .four T
® SDcrin T n'n»v AT*9in , • i -rows of Valenciennes lace and hemstitch- 5
q SPECIAL TO-DAY AT 82.4O. , - • i ng an d two clusters of small tucks. ©
d Women's fine quality navy blue ; polk.v dot . «r»r:riAi Tn niv jt «i on A
OVERSKIRTS; made with three-flare . - SPECIAL TO-DAY AT $1.20. W
© flounces/neatly piped with. white pique; '; Stylish^ GRASS LINEN SHIRT WAISTS. 9
O perfect fitting; all sizes. , '." '<•' ' ... tucked front -aiid' back and inserted with 9
a -.. . ¦ •'"¦ -.. roWs'.'of- fine Valenciennes lace. 0
• DAINTY MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. iS ~- special to-day at $2.rs. 9
g) ¦ ! !'' ¦•• • Splendid quality ALPACA WAISTS. These 9
t£ "¦ «-»«jwi-n / =». • ., elegant garments can be had in black M
Jf . ¦,. 46o «'S or. white with black or white stltchJngr. JX
• To-day for women's- MUSLIN I GOWXS. ' trimmed with ten larse turnover tucks 5f
® made with •¦ larse -sailor collar. full front and back a.nd finished with fancy 5
9 sleeves yoke of allover embroidery and ' stock collar and small silk buttons. Q
9 finished with narrow linen torchon- lace. -.- V--'' : :WOMEN f S,' UNDERSKIRTS. ?
5 m ¦, •' ¦, T»»A«J^-?pAMRTiTr nowvs ' Cl«">4\' W^the price to-day for ityllsh 2
9 To-day for WOMEN 8 CAM _B~° G 0 ™*?: ¦UO.V" ! U_ack and white - striped mercer- 5
9 The larg« -Inserted .<»»¦£. : , lzed : S ATEEN : UNDERSKIRTS, made •
9 yok^ * n ,^ blS ?° P M fth^irtlrv trlnilIled cwlth accordeon plaited graduated flounce, •
J with ruffles of wide embroidery. . ... . . flnlahcd wlth two rows • of solid black ©
2 ¦•' • 'DRAWERS. t .. ¦ > -.ruching. . : •'..•. .. ,' .- > . jj
W .... QP -_ • i^b;- Ib the ¦ special mark to-day on X
• r - • «rA«^ Mnw tw 'DRAW' '¦ C OC ! pretty striped LINEN UNDER- •
A To-day for /WOMEN S. -MUSLIN DRAW- . . . :SKIBTS# made", with deep flounce. •
2 i ERS, made - with deep 8 " 1^ «« , , . trimmed with three ' ruffles. *
6 .tucked .flounce,- finished;, with rurne ol ¦_ _ rexo^cTc m
9 ¦ wide embroidery-. .;.;., ...... ,, : ; " ; .;¦;¦, :.• ¦ ¦ ¦ - ';•¦¦•¦. ¦¦¦ -¦ -|LUK3tlp.- g
• ' ! ?? O irTTaT TT«j rv-R aw ' If --alter" 80 dayV wear you flnd a corset 5
Q To-day for women s. fine _.MUSLI> draw-. purcna3e d at our store unsatisfactory, re- •
M KRS. made with Lote ITuller.flounae, in- tum . eam<5 ttn d we will REFUND. YOUR •
X Eerted' with -two- rows of 11 nen^ torchon . MONE y or GIVE,TOU A NEW PAIR. A
5 lace Insertion ; and trimmed with ruffle . QQ --,- for high grade— etylish— service- A
• of wide linen torchon; lace. ... • «7OV/'. able STRAIGHT FRONT COR- 2
9 ¦ ¦¦¦¦:¦¦ ¦:"- -. -' • ¦ ''¦'<¦'*'' ¦-.—'—-'¦ -•¦ ¦¦ , x SET; made ' of fine Italian " Cloth and 2
9 WOMEN'S KNIT^ UNDERVESTS.^ V ... _;. trimmed with- satin ribbon— gored hip— ©
5 COTTON" UNDERVESTS— All -colors— ,- <T V '^li • to-day for elegant STRAIGHT A
<9 sleoveless—^embroidery. ¦ edging _• ¦ i|f» . tj> a o^rO' FRONT MERCERIZED BAT- X
0 —«bon. inserted— an^siices.-..,^^iiww . eEJ,-.;- CORSETS— single- strip . boning g
M FANCY WHITE COTTON UN DER\ESTS . ; ; throughout— finished with wide Chantllly •
S —Lace- effect— sleeveless— all |*)c Lace, Inserted with narrow ribbon— all O
Jf^lflUta '-^ big hosierV day. S
• RIBBED UNDBBVESTS. 'trimmed ..with' in. .for WOMEN'S 25o RIBBED or S
© silk Gibbon and silk embrol- loC "PLAIN HERMSDORFF 1 HOSE— J
A LIGHT WOOL* UNDERVESTS. | A>. ? "-for "CHILDREN'S 15c. HOSE— •
S -in delicate- shades' "of pink and. blue- I UW \- ribbed .or plain, double- heel and A
9 V onc sleeves— trimmed -with fancy silk. . ; toe— all sizes. ¦¦ -.- ¦•¦¦>¦¦¦-¦ -- X
A etitching and ribbons— all -. V ,? Q O c | rT'C& i or Jr H l LrDR F f>S " ? c HOS E— A
ft sizes ..........••:••••••••••""• tl * V i- ¦ double : heel.- knee and toe— ribbed 2
W nrtTc : • • or •plain— all sizes. ... A
• 1Sr iSSIpiT^; i -I ; ™^;i£«™ s - s
A ISC THBR BfcLTS; - always- eell-for.. " . • v ON SALE AT $1.50. . a
ft 21o ™ ' ;' ' - ;•' HANDSOME ; DOUBLE CIRCITLAr 2
2'^er^'' : to-day for the. popular. TUCICED 'CAPES; -of excellent quality white plmjf •
® 45C SATIN GIRDLE BELTS— oxi- 1' trimmed .-with' three ruffles 6f wide em- ®
• dlzed or^gilt ¦ buckles.- .... . 9 broidery and lined • with fine Marseilles. &
1° RIBBONS. O Miffi °liONSTi
§ LIBERTY SILK M M -jP^^^ ' #4 fIta I:N RI3B TA - F " O
8 - p.; y^,,. 1 1212,1214 MARKET ST., _ per^, : |
9 Q . • Between Taylor and Jones. - Q Q q
9 .' . ¦•:.-.¦.> OPEN TO'lVlCHT 1/AIT/L (/ O'CLOCK.' . - ' 5 . .' Q
i WATCH FOR OUR REMOVAL SALE, g
2l2VEBTISE2£ELKTS.
As a guarantee of ABSOLUTE |
v <PimiTY and SAFETY \
the Label bel&w printed on < BLUE
<PAPER is pasted on evtiy
Kitchen Utenstt
of GENUINE
AGATENICKEI^STEELWASB
A foil assortment of these rood* for sals
by all the leading DEPARTMENT tad
HOUSE FURNISHING STORES.
LALANCB & GROS JEAN MFQ. CO,
| NXW TOKK. BOSTON. CHICAGO.
(Soirtafaed by U. S. CJrcnlt Coot)!
ffAMB OF UTEWSIU
_ &A&_
—1 Co.]§r — —
S&L G JsS?
COST | SELL
AraSriti No. TJJS3L Vr* Tom. Tim. T, B9IX ¦
nmpto of " A*»ta £lc*e»l*^J i J il 3C I SR2T£?
ntm Tba LaSbo* 4 Grodaan XXg. Cbt. Itov ICl
HUUBeJ ooaXtQET t>bosM0QODoat\ of Ktti&
thtek&wft. ud rreaf purity. ;¦>?¦''; •;
It U entimtM /req /njr» *rj«fKB, vtaa ana anM>
¦«««uf— sl€t»i»3a«rs«a round In ©aaaeied eoo4eL
gnLLwSSYQLADprTO,
Cbemtsta to tio Now xcrk Produos Exshaasfe
Analysts Ko, liUOL KBIT York, May X 1387. .
LALANC W&S08JBAMOTO. COl
GBfTUUKf j— A»r2quesu*i by j oo, wa pmfe
ob&setl tn tho open nx&r!tst a subdig of ** Ji%&t&
Nlokel Steel waro" and have aaia a careful
chemical aoolTate of tto eocsei coTortag of tte
Ws a=4 Cilaeisasaol b obaohrff ty pvr« oad /rca
frvn Armitc, Lead and other ml*
ftanca tnturiau* to kcaun. W« can tierefor*
rtomawcdit for all cttttmry and tfriaiin*-
CSenUtfa to tfao H. T. Jietil Excbaat*.
feafu&lM ftatea i3l Annual? Pus
¦ Copyrighted.
»$$$%£, ¦WeaUEyc»Stren£then3d.
Painful «r Inflamed eye* ln-
ySaagfSa^. K«ntly relieved witnGUORGi.
f?£2S^ MAYIiRLE'S a«rnnaa Ey«
rf /.V^^ Water. 50c. at 1071 Maries
VVOT^K^J %t Te , s ou th 072. Non« gsn-
( ulna without tti!» tradem*rfc
Hale's. j 23?i*'-i£
We Close at Six o'clock, Remember.
Ruffle Trimmed and Flounced
At75c * ¦ ¦¦'!»%¦¦
0 Don't think about the price till you loolc at j Wi^^^^^
the wrapper— this picture shows it exactly. \'*^^^XV^ '
See how stylish and nicely trimmed it is. Then K|^ t *^?^w^ > \
it fits— that's the best part of all. If it doesn't L* .|.^ tyf$\»\l73fi)
bring it back. But we've never had one conic lii|^ j rH f ->ir —
Seldom that so much care is put in low- V *5iH**a^if Vw6
priced wrappers. They weren't made to sell so 'iKffY *r **lr^
cheap. Big buying brought the price down. '^i*jK? *J$l!
Other Wrappers at 95c — Percales, striped ,¦ ft^J»fl'jj f *5 Vw
and figured— blue, red and black — some /£vl' Tf'Swh
with ruffles over the shoulders, others with J$ffiA&litfi*![P
border designs of same color — all with deep y^'t^-^mtiW \
At $1. 25— Small figured percales— extra
wide ruffles— bfaid. vO^M^JOT&^S.
At $1.45— Figured Lawn—Blues, blacks or C^>X^rJw%W^W
reds— with large square collars— Persian de- N^^^RJvVVl^a^^
signs "to match color. • 1 ''~^-^,X»S><O»
Children's Hosiery.
Three Values Worth Thinking About.
o : — O
— Worth buying, too. Let's first look at these
Boys' and Girls' Stockings lOc pair.
They are heavy ribbed, seamless, long and elastic, double knees —
sizes 5^2 to 9V2 — ioc a pair or a 'dozen at $1.10.
Next are these Misses' Black Lace Hose 22c — fine Lisle,, with
lace openwork from ankle to top — longer and more elastic than the or-
dinary stocking — sizes 5 Z A to 0. J4- One of the prettiest and best stock-
ings of the season — 22c a pair or a dozen at $2.50.
Our Famous "Iron-thread" Stockings 25c,
or a dozen at $2.75.
It's the stocking of all stockings for service. We see that the
• hardest twisted elastic yarn jzoes into it; that the heels and toes are
fashioned and that the ankles are narrowed. No stockings we know of
have the thought and care put into them for the money that these
have. Sizes 6 to 10 — every pair stamped "Iron Thread" — and guaran-
teed^^ 1
Kid Glove Si.«Er p , hHnn '
1-clasp cape gloves— one of C3me in Yesterday.
the newest 6tyles for street wear. ' q
fi h ™"ai r r! d ' ° alt aRd Havana ~ T A satin liberty &i inches, wide.f
g oys « k ; in very rich quality. Woven here
dent fac-simile— l-ciasp — coi- and there are pretty little bow-
ored tan, oak and Havana— $1.00 knots. A swell ribbon, indesd.
palr ' , New shades — cardinal, nile green.
2°cTAs n p S LAMBSKiN PIQUE-Very maize pink, light blue, turquoise
stylish and serviceable for shop- ana wnite.
ping and outing, a largo selection Bows made free — pretty bows,
of staple colors, all sizes — S1.00.
H. B. GLOVES— Imported lambskin. X}°^- i^ A
superior to any In quality, fit and *•» *?
style^ — all the - new and staple
shades — $1.00 pair. CU n f^1«%/\/\« M r«> •¦»/,
DENT FAC-SIMILE— l-clasp. the SOC.
latest' for shopping or college wear. r O %J
Colors red, oak, Havana — $1.00 Q Q
pair. By artists who've made It a study. I
MOCHA PIQUE GLOVES— 2- clasp. They've learned just what the ha'lr I
In black and pastel shades of mode needs to cleanse It— to bring luster
and gray, $L0O a pair. and ufe and softness.
Misses' Then the appliances are modern.
2-CLASP GLOVES— Imported lamb- the appointments elegant. Every-
skln gloves, excellent for fit and thing has been done that can 'oe
service; all the staple shades — $1.00 done for your comfort and conve-
pair. 1 nience.
& Ot O i Q
J Market Street, j M J&ESb $> ! &S? ' Mapket Street, {
A Opposite Golden I Jgff '^ j Opposite Golden I
Gate Avenue. 1 -^tfw^^OQ/> r./tssrt** I Gate Avenus. I