REPUBLICANS WHO HAVE AR
RANGED FOR THE CONVEN-;
tion-in'san ; jose: ¦ > : :J~'' : -:^
Continued on - Page Three.
Continued on Page Two.
# Foils the Assassins.
: NEW YORK, April 13.— The Times has
this from London: It appears certain,
says -.the - Paris correspondent of the
Times, that the agitation in Belgium was
designed 1 to coincide ' with -an attempt on
the life of King Leopold at Biarritz. f For
tunately,. says the correspondent.' the plot
was frustrated on account of the fact that
his Majestey returned to Brussels , earlier,
than was expected in^order to reinforce
the cause of order.
Thonewspapers of all shades of opin-
Leopold's •'; Change in Movements
PLOT AGAINST KING'S LIFE.
LONGER LIST
OF DELEGATES
Additional Names of Re
\ publicans Who Will
Be Present
. The A following are ' delegates chosen,
In addition to those heretofore published
in The Call," to attend the ; third biennial
convention of the Calif ornia ,- League of
Republican Clubs, which meets at the
Auditorium, San Jose, at 11 a. m. to-day:
Republican" Primary League of San
Francisco."
DELEGATES. ALTERNATES.
lohn H. Nelson Peter Johnson
Li. A. Rest . Joseph Loran
Charles Reed Jr. . - A. Llbbey
: WASHINGTON,"' April 13.--In . admirils-
tratlon circles .In "Washington . there*; has
been some amusement over the talk about
the so-called mission'to Rome. The facts
are .' that '¦¦'. Governor '¦• Taf t .has - Impressed
very strongly. upon the President and;Sec
retary of War that the question of getting
rid -of i. friars "was'of vital 1 consequence " to
peace in j the 'Philippines", and •that' to ;ac
cbmpllsh ¦ this it , was 'necessary :to deal di
rectly ¦ with - the ': head ; of ' the corpora tlbh'
involved,' Rome. After much' cons^eratlon
IV was decided that Governor Taf t; should
stop at .Rome . on" his' way. from •the'' Phil
ippines to consult.wlth'the'church 'author
ities'and, see If c it would 1 not ; , be possible
to ' come . to some! agreement" on ¦ behal f 'of
the ; Philippine government.' : .There j would
be nothlng-of Jarlyl kind, or, shape in. the
matter which /would; suggest^ anything V ifi
the way of diplomatic relations." , It would
be- purely ,» a Vbuslness.c, transaction. u"; . The
United; States \ Government', is.- neither /fa
vorable nor • hostile : to any ; particular ' sect'-
It desires toltreat all, alike with exact jus
tice.; • It^does not Iwish v ; to do , injustice '-to
the ifriars 'by -taking- away .their lands
cerning .Philippine Friars". It
. Will Be on Business Lines. ~
If Any .Agreement Is Reached Con-
TAFT'S MISSION TO ROME \ • " ¦
' ; NOT A DIPLOMATIC ONE
BRUSSELS; ; April;,, 14.— King /.'Leopold
went to Oste'nd ; yesterday.' and- returned* to
Brussels | last'. evening. 'HIs.trip wasTuh
eyentful.; • Brussels 'is f quiet pearly 'this
morning/", The Civic Guard was .'dismissed
and the members went: to their •homes "at
1:15 o'clock. ¦¦:'¦; •''¦''' : \ '¦'¦ ' , :. ¦'. .;"'. i -V 1 ¦"'' '•'• ;
Brussels Is Quiet, To-Dayl
/ .VALPARAISO, April ' 14.-In- : answering
an' interpellation In the Chamber of Dep
uties ¦ : on I Saturday? Secretary^ of ' Foreign
'Affairs /;Yanez , said that ; a , diplomatic, se
icretj prevented ¦' him f rom ; making : a full
]explanatlon,V;but.-he< added that the' last
arrangement \wlth Argentina was so sat
isfactory,:that it will end in a speedy and
definite solution of the long-standing con
troversy.". Secretary Yanez asserted 1 that
before ': the ¦ end ; of this ;' year:- all f. pending'
questions . with > Peru,. Bolivia - and ! Argen
tina''.would'be satisfactorily settled. '.The
'Chilean 'jvilnigter • to • Spain, Mariano San
chez/,, will '-represent this ; country, at the
accession ; of : King Alfonso to the Spanish
Peace in ; South America.
' Upon 1 the signification of 60 per cent of
the ;yarh manufacturers of the South that
they, will accept this proposal,' Underwood
says- he' will -have the" contract .prepared
and*submltted to ¦ them ; for execution:
. '¦ In'^ his ..Underwood [ agrees to
pay. . to all? of .the : yarn mill } for
their ; . property : a ¦ price to be agreed \ upon
by a" committee to be selected by the mill
owners with his approval, but such price
shall -not 'be "In excess 'of- 220 per cent of
the -face.' cash; cost ; of replacingthe prop
erty/payment to be made in one-half pre
ferred and one-half common stock.
.^ATLANTA, Ga., April 13.— The Consti
tution to-morrow -will say: Plans are on
foot for the formation of a gigantic trust
of; all i the .-cotton . mills of the Southern
States. > A committee { named at a . recent
meeting of "\ the Southern Yarn Spinners,
which ' has made ah investigation, will re
port ;. favoring 'the 'acceptance of a pro
posal ''made ; by ' F/ L. | Underwood of New
York, Iwho agrees to issue a total of $60,
000,000, capital stock for a company, incor
porated, under the laws of New Jersey.
Large Plants in Southern
¦ '," " - States.
Proposed Trust to Embrace AH of the
COTTON YARN MILLS
¦ -.; w ; •'¦: r TO FORM A COMBINE
LONDON, April 14.— Special dispatches
received -here 'from Brussels represent
King Leopold as in'favor of a dissolution
and referendum on the suffrage question,
but state> that at a' council' of Ministers
held ; at "Las ken; in the: province Tof, Bra
bant, yesterday,; at ; . which the King pref
sided, It was decided vigorously j to oppose
the demand/for /suffrage./ \ ..'
King Favors Referendum.
The meetings of Socialists and workmen
at Ghent and Liege to-day were orderly.
Dynamite was exploded at the Catholic
Club : at Charlerol last . night and much
damage . was done. There was come"".re
volver- firing- at : Charlerol ¦ during' last
night," but : to-day the town was ouiet and
there < was . an orderly demonstration - of
20,000 persons. ... v .
' The Petit Bleu prinks it not unlikely
that martial law will be proclaimed Tues
day if \ the rlotsN continue, and that \ the
third class of \ the militia will * be called
out. ; V. :."¦'.' ' .¦ . ~&YjvZ'A
1 "The newspapers published to-day de
scribe a ghastly struggle which occurred
between s some workmen, who desired to
carry a; wounded and dying man to the
Maison du Peuple, and the poilce, who
were trying to convey him to a Red Cross
ambulance. The wounded man had nearly
all *" his clothes torn off before the police
prevailed In their efforts, and he died Im
mediately.;
The Socialist Deputies have decided to
close the Maison du Peuple in the future
at 7 o'clock in the evening to convert the
evening demonstration to a day demon
stration and to Issue " a manifesto urging
the people to avoid violence. At a meet
ing- of delegates from the trades unions
the order for ' a j general strike ' was con
firmed. / * : t ' y
MARTIAL LAW LIKELY.
There was considerable effervescence
around the Malson du Peuple after - 8
o'clock this evening, and the gendarmes,
who insisted that all windows in private
houses be kept shut, were. constantly oc
cupied, in dispersing groups. Several per
sons were arrested for resisting the po
lice. As M. Van der Velde left the Malson
he was followed by a crowd of Socialists,
but he exhorted them to remain calm. «
riTTWTWv% iTri i ¦*¦¦* • *' • *' *¦ « • n
darmes' assembled in the vicinity of .the
Malson du Peuple and prevented gather
ings. An extensive ambulance service has
been organized to be in ; readiness - for
emergencies. v ", '.''
The correspondent says the electoral,re
form agitation Is by no means confined 'to
the socialists, since: the bulk of the Lib
erals are r in ; accord \with them. ..The sot
piallst leaders have preached violence', It
Is declared, but they ¦ have started < forces
which they no longer seem able to control.
ion, says the Brussels J correspondent "of
the Times,: strongly, condemn, the useless
and malignant' outbreaks of 'Violence now
occurring. ' ; .
Credentials lhave been? received up t to
this evening. from .169 clubs, represented
dee and Frank Jordan of- Oakland" are
on . the ground; '; -¦- * \ ¦ ' .';'¦'.'•¦ :
without compensation.' On the other hand
It , recognizes j that although the Christian
Filipinos are practically all Roman 'Cath
olics; they are, nevertheless, a unit in, de
manding : that the friars leave the island:
Governor; Taft.better than any other man
could explain this state of things to Rome.
ItV;ls: believed, if an, honorable and satis
factory; arrangement can be "reached the
result will be most beneficial to the islands
and that probably no other man could do
as "much good., . _ \. . "' '
p byV'S96.-ex-omcio delegates, 87 delegates
and"; 2649. -'.delegates, ¦ making , a
Vtoj&Ubf' 3133" delegates:';- This"- will be ln-
Jjy :" about" tWnty - chibs' creden-
have ; not been received as
;yeU^.^....:^..^_.,,^;.. f V : :'.;..;...^; ..' \
! There has been- great. interest taken in
theVmatter of "club organization, since
theMast biennial convention lof the league
clubs. ' ;'An ''effort J will be made to f ormu
latolla.plan *.at-this. convention to. give
all- the' affiliating clubs a greater degree
of , permanency than is now attained. It
is r proposed; to amend the constitution of
:the : .State. league SO' as- to" provide that
the/ time of the re-election of officers of
each affiliating club will take place at
: the' same.' time V as that ; of every ether
club. ./ This.I will- serve toward a general
uniformity 'of action. .. .
-; T The;. delegates 'to ' the; present conven
tion . represent • an enrolled membership - of
66,225 members/ . ; A few. delegates, how
ever,'were elected as representatives from
two ; . different -clubs, but this number is
very^ small. . > .. - , :
San Franciscans are numerous. Among
them are General George Stone, George
R. Wells, T.D. Rlordan, Jesse Marks
and Auditor Eaehr. Dr. George C. Par-
'. Sacramento is pretty strongly , repre
sented by State Printer Johnston, Secre
tary of State Charles F. Curryj Secretary
of the Board of Examiners Daniel Ke
vane. Executive Secretary of the Gov
ernor Davis, Major Kyle of Folsom and
Grove L. Johnson.- - -//i .
AMONG THE DELEGATES.
Among the Southern Calif ornlanp.: who
arrived .to-nlsrht' are: : H. - H.~ Markham,
Judge Magee and W.S. Mellick "of .Pa'sa
fienaY A. J. Bell, K'Blackstock, John"
Came and Joseph Hobart of " Ventura;
Thomas . Hughes, R. D. Wade,. Henry
Carter and O. Wlckham of Los Angeles;
Charles Lloyd, Santa Barbara; Captain
Daniels of Riverside; Howard Broughtoh
of Pomona; Luther Brown of. Los An
geles; Victor Woods of San Luis Obispo
and Al Llndley of Bakersfield.
by many camps of the Army • and Navy
League. .- " .•'•¦: .-.'*'
It is given out to-night that Alden- An
derson of Sulsun, president of the league,
has been | decided .upon for re-election,
and that S. A. Crow; of. Santa Barbara
will be vice ¦ president. Senator Lukens
of Alameda has, it is stated, withdrawn
from the contest for the presidency.
The decorations at. the auditorium are
finished and everything is in readiness for
the reception of the delegates. The first
event tc-rmorrow . will be the arrival of
the Republican Primary League : special
train, bearing S00 delegates . and alter
nates. .The Republican Alliance of Oak
land and the Union League Club of San
Francisco have> established headquarters
in the St. James -Hotel. ¦
Governor Markham, who is stopping at
the Vendome,' is" not- covered with war
paint. He expects an Interesting conven
tion and a great Republican demonstra
tion. Before returning south he will visit
San Francisco. Samuel M. Shortridge is
the only one of the big four orators on
the scene, but D.E.;McKinlay, Frank H.
Short and Judge Bennett will arrive in
due time. ..
ORATORS WILL BE THERE.
Two delegations from the Fortieth As
sembly District of San Francisco will ask
for . the convention's recognition and the
indications are that both will be recog
nized. Jesse Marks leads one delegation
and Edmund Tauzsky heads the other.
The Sacramento delegation, which ar
rived to-day, numbers 110 delegates. The
Southern California contingent, or the ad
vance guard, numbers sixty. - There is
quite . a camp of statesmen at ; the Ven
dome to-night. Charles' McClatchy, Mayor
Douglass, E. P. Colgan, J. S. Gibbs and
Colonel J. B. Wright are there from Sac
ramento. William' J. ¦•'. Herrln, Edmund
Tauzsky andLuclen .Solomon, of San
Francisco are also here. , E. F. Preston
will be here to-morrow. •' . •¦•
The determination" to. name O. A. Hale
as chairman of the 'committee on resolu
tions was revealed ."after the names of
twenty candidates had been considered.
The chief point in his ; favor aside from
his standing as a high-class Republican
is the knowledge that he Is acceptable to
the Good Government . League and the
other faction of Santa Clara County. The
committee will consist .of three members
from each of the eight Congressional dis
tricts. . : .-.
HALE ON iCESOLTJTIONS.
The constitution of the league prohibits
the ; Indorsement of any candidate for
office prior to his nomination in a regu
lar manner, by the representatives of the
party, and this matter Is so well under
stood that there will be no attempt made
to ; circumvent or Ignore ,this jj provision.'
From j app^arance^itswill: b'er* one~6r the
most representative Republican gatherf
ings-eyer held jn this State.. -
be talked over and plans laid for increas
ing the voting strength of the party
throughout the State.
A thousand civic guards were mobilized
at 1 o'clock this afternoon, arid quartered
in the Bourse and other public buildings*
There was no show of military or police
toon the . streets, however, until late I this
evening, when a body of police and gen-
From' the gay aspect of the city to-day
nobody would have suspected the bloody
scenes which were enacted yesterday. The
Inhabitant* of Brussels took advantage of
the beautiful weather to promenade along
the spacious boulevards and terraces.
The cafes were crowded with holiday
makers and a considerable crowd visited
the quarter where the riots occurred. 1 Ex
cept for a furled red flag tied with crape
over the Malson du Peuple, nothing was
visible to recall the events of yesterday
evening. - / '
SERENE SABBATH-DAY.
A doctor who was returning home after
visiting a patient was caught between two
bodies of charging gendarmes and ¦' his
nose was cut off with a sword. ,A"woman
was among the wounded. One of the men
killed was the assistant secretary, of the
Socialist Jewelers' Union. Few policemen
were hurt. -"^Vf
It is Impossible to ascertain the exact
number of the victims of yesterday's riot
ing. Many who .were slightly wounded had
their wounds dressed In pharmacies, or
went home. The director of the, 'hospital
St. Pierre, however, said - this afternoon
that three rioters had died In the hospital,'
and that another one there was believed
to be mortally wounded. Thirty others
who are badly hurt were received at the
hospital last night. Among the \ injured
are many Imprudent ' spectators of the
riot, who were ! caught between j two ' fires,
as the gendarmes frequently , combined
their movements . and charged the mobs
front and rear at the same time: .'¦ '
I/ONQ LIST OF CASUALTIES.
More than twenty narrow streets and
blind alleys lead to the Rue' Haute and
when the gendarmes charged after , the
mob other rioters issued from these al
leys and fired revolvers at the backs of the
policemen until the latter were obliged to
leave three of their number at the mouth
of each alley they passed. These guards
stood with their rifies pointed down . the
alleys, ready to shoot. Other gendarmes
who were stationed every faw paces cov
ered the windows in the Rue Haute with
their rifles. . ,
minor charge of powder. The gendarmes
fired only one volley, but when the : mob
scattered several bodies were lying on
the ground. Two men were ; mortally
wounded and died while being conveyed
to the hospital.
To-morrow forenoon at Macabee Hall
there will be a council of the Army and
Navy League to consider what action
should be taken In respect to Judge.Buc
kles, C. T. Masteller. and Truman Reeves,
who are recognized candidates for posi
tion on the Republican State ticket. The
facts are that the. veterans cannot be
programmed for any candidate for Gov
ernor. Edson has many stanch friends
in the organization. He Is a veteran him
self, a member of George .H. Thomas
Post, G. A. R., and has been indorsed
VETERANS NOT PROGRAMMED.
Stories in circulation tha*vtbe?~Army
and Navy Republican. Lea gu^uo-dtir the
leadership of Colonel. Bryant, is arrang
ing for a Gage programme, is strenuous
ly and indignantly denied by Grand
Army men from every section of the
State.
It seems settled to-night, that O. A.
Hale of San Jose will be named as chair
man of the committee on resolutions. He
is acceptable to .. both factions of the
party In Santa Clara' County and to : Re
publicans generally of tfce State. ; «
if proxies were excluded. With the ad
mission of proxies the anti-machine
forces would largely outnumber the ma
chine delegates.
he southern delegates would break even
The comparatively brief duration of the
conferences at Klerksdorp la regarded aa
an indication that the Boer leaders found
BOERS RESTING "ON ARMS.
."I am In a positfon to assert that in
forira*.i:n cf a deflr.lte character announc
ing a general surrender of the Boers has
been received here from the War Office,
but for some reason, probably because it
was premature, the news was stopped a
few hour3 after it was received to prevent
further circulation."
"Quite a . sensation has been caused by
a statement that official information has
been received by officers of the Dover
garrison that the Boers had surrendered
and that the war had ceased. Some effort
was made to officially contradict this
statement, but Inquiries I made to-day
leave no room whatever to doubt that In
formation from the War Office of a most
gratifying character did leak out to the
general commanding the southeastern
district, whose headquarters is at Dover.
The Herald's Dover correspondent tele
graphs that according to semi-official in
formation received there the end of the
war 13 surely at hand. Under ordinary
circumstances not much Importance
would be attached, to such a statement,
but In view, of mysterious leakages in the
past of big War Office news it cannot be
disregarded. The correspondent say 3:
All sorts of rumors as to the terms
upon which the war would be settled were
flying about, and as there were no after
noon papers the excitement was all tha
greater. "While, of course, there was no
official announcement to base opinions
upon, every one seemed to think that to
morrow would bring forth a definite
statement.
NEWS REACHES DOVER.
As can well be imagined, London dis
cussed the situation to-day to the exclu
sion of every other topic. One heard peace
talk as people came out of church, as
they walked in Hyde Park, In hotels and
restaurants— In fact, everywhere that
Londoners congregate on Sunday. Every
one felt certain that the end was in
sight and that the Government had only
the details to arrange before making that
public announcement which has been so
anxiously awaited these many months.
In well informed circles it is said that
the negotiations have reached such a
stage that a proclamation of an armistice
may be expected at any moment. It will
be remembered that St. John Broderick
In the House of Commons several day..
ago said no armistice would be granted;
but it must not be forgotten that Brod
erick's answer could be taken as mean
ing that no armistice would be pro
claimed under the conditions existing at
that moment. But if, as is generally be
lieved, a definite basis for a possible set
tlement has now been arrived at by the
Boer leaders and Lord Kitchener an
armistice would follow as a matter of
course.
After the Ministers dispersed something
occurred which to-night was the talk oJ
London. Joseph Chamberlain drove to
Buckingham Palace, where he tooH
luncheon with the King, with whom ha
remained two hours. The Colonial Secre
tary Is supposed to have laid before h'.n
sovereign all the details of the South At*
rican negotiations.
A number of the members of the Cabi
net were at Downing street to-day, and
though it is said no Cabinet council was
held still it' can be stated ', wltn a consid
erable degree , of . positivenes3 that the
South African situation was again; under
discussion— for the third time within
twenty-four hours.
CHAMBERLAIN" VISITS KING.
Late last night the Cabinet met ajain
and remained in session from 11 o'clock
until 1 o'clock this morning— a most ex
traordinary proceeding. When the Minis
ters left for their homes they declined to
say anything at all regarding the nature
of the important business which had
called them together at such an unusual
hour. The supposition that the budget •
was the cause was no longer given ere- v
dence.
After the Cabinet meeting on Saturday
all reports tended to strengthen the belief
that the Government had considered tho
points of a preliminary agreement which
was likely to be reached In South Africa.
LONDON, April 13.— Excitement over
the prospects of early peace in South Af
rica was intense to-night. Up to midnight
no official announcement had been made
by the Government, but certain events of
the day were taken to indicate that a sat
isfactory conclusion was now very near
at hand.
Spscial Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. CoDyrixht. 11)02, by the Herald
Publishing Company.
Populace Confident
That Strife Is to
Cease. 6
Cabinet Council Holds
Session Late at
Night.
Prospects of Peace
•in Africa Excite
London.
NEARING
THE END
OF WAR
CLASH AMONG THE DELEGATES
NOT LIKELY TO OCCUR
AT SESSION.
SAN JOSE, April 13-— There Is
little apprehension among the
leaders of the Republican party
of a clash of any of the differ
ent factions during the pro-
ceedlnga of the convention to
morrow. All the delegates that have ar
rived so far are enthusiastic and unani
mous in their desire to have a harmonious
• and pleasant convention, wherein the gen
eral outlines of th« coming campaign will
POLICE
CHARGE
RIOTERS
GRAND ARMY DELEGATES DENY
THEY DESIRE A GAGE
PROGRAMME.
representative in character.
Many prominent citizens of the State
are on the ground. The arrival of South
ern California delegates to-night caused
considerable interest. Ex-Goverrior Mark
ham heads the delegation. In a mlx-iip
5 AN JOSE, April 13.— The third
biennial convention of the
California League of Repub
lican Clubs, which will open
to-morrow, will be surely
Strife Is Resumed in
Brussels Late at
Night.
Gendarmes Show No
Mercy to Mob's
Members.
City Likely to Be Put
Under Martial
Law.
BRUSSELS, April 13.— The threatening
aspect of a mob near the Maison du Peu
ple at U o'clock to-night caused the po
lice and gendarmes to charge it. Five of
the demonstrators were wounded. One of
the injured men will die. He received a
bayonet thrust In the back. Sixteen ar
rests were made.
This big casualty list for a comparative
ly insignificant encounter is taken as evi
dence that the gendarmes are disposed to
handle the groups without mercy.
The Burgomaster adopted most vigorous
measures during the evening. The whole
civic guard was mobilized and the squares
and streets in the vicinity of the Maison
du Peuple were occupied by 2500 of the
"corps elite." The disorderly element ap
peared cowed to-night as a result of the
repression of last evening, and there were
only a few trifling demonstrations. These
were immediately suppressed by charges
of the gendarmes. None of the latter
were injured.-
RIOTERS ABE .DISPERSED.
Late this evening a group of rioters in
sulted and Jeered at a cordon of the civic
guard In the Rue Rollebek, whereupon a
body of gendarmes was sent out 'and
caught the disturbers and badly mauled
them. But that this disturbance was not
tedious Is -shown by the- ¦circumstance that
none of the men arrested carried weap
ons. A sample, however, of what the
worst class of rioters carried in the way
of arms was revealed when* a young man
who had been arrested at another point
was searched. A knife, a poignard, a fork
and a revolver were found in his pockets.
The police closed the Maison du Peuple
this evening, and no one was allowed In
the building. It was said to-night that
the central committee of the Young So
cialist Guard, fearing that the police will
search the various offices of the organi
zation, have ordered the local committee
to burn their archives and dissolve.
News received here from the industrial
towns Indicates that order prevailed in
those places to-day. A revisionist meet
ing was the only noteworthy incident at
Ghent. There fifty revisionists, among
those who had mobilized in view of the
strike, promenaded the streets arm in
arm, singing and acclaiming universal
suffrage.
POLICE SHOOT TO KILL.
The bloody repression of the disorders
of yesterday evening has created a pain
ful impression among all classes here, al
though it is appreciated that the majorlty
of the victims of the encounters did not
belong to the better classes of workmen.
Yesterday, for the first time, the police
really fired their rifies, loaded with ball
cartridges. Previous to that they had used
their swords and revolvers, the latter be
ing usually loaded with blank cartridges.
Saturday's rioters were composed of the
dregs of the population, with a sprinkling
cf what is called the Young Socialist
Guard, composed of mere boys, with little
regard for the orders of M. Van Der
Velde, a member of the Chamber of Dep
uties and the leader of the Socialist move
ment in Belgium, and the Socialist com
mittee.
It must be explained that the Malson
flu Peuple Is situated on the upper slope
of a hill, that the central boulevard and
most of the business portion of the city
lies at the foot of this hill, while the royal
palace, the law courts, the Chamber of
Deputies and the Ministries stand upon
the ridge of th© hill. The quarter around
the Malson du Peuple is the worst In the
city. It is a perfect rookery of low-class
dwellings, intersected by steep and nar
row streets and malodorous alleys. In
the vicinity of the Malson there are some
small squares. In which' the rioters gath
ered yesterday evening until they were
dispersed and the squares occupied by de
tachments of the civic guard. The mob
was mainly composed of the rough popu
lation of the quarter, who Jeered and re
viled the police when they were forced
along the streets by the cordons of of
ficers.
BOUGHS START THE BIOT.
The serious troubles began when a num
ber of roughs from a safe distance fired
revolvers in the direction of the cordons.
The gendarmes then charged with drawn
swords. After firing at the crowd with
revolvers loaded with blank cartridges,
they were greeted with a. nail or missiles,
such as stones, bcttles and heavy iron
rivets. This occurred In several streets.
Jt was worse In the Rue Haute, where
the occupants of the houses rained mis
siles upon the heads of the gendarmes.
An officer, of the gendarmes then shouted
to the crowd to disperse. No notice was
taken of this order.
Then, for the first time in many years,
the gendarmes fired their Mauser car
bines, loaded with what are called strike
cartridge*, which contain a ball, but ; a
THREE THOUSAND CALIFORNIA REPUBLICANS WILL MEET
IN THE GARDEN CITY TO OUTLINE APPROACHING CAMPAIGN
AND PLAN FOR INCREASED VOTING STRENGTH IN STATE
VOLUME XCI-XO. 135.
PRICE FIVE CEXTSV
SAIST FRANCISCO, MGNDAY,y APRII/ 14, 1902.
The San Francisco Call.GIBRALTAR. April 13.-^-The United States
.cruiser .Brooklyn has arrived' here, and 'is
takinscoal. . -v- -• .-:«¦>", - ¦'¦ '
Athletes Use Salva-cea. Hv
For lame or; sole muscles' nothing can com
pare with. It; while for sprains and bruises Its
curative and sooth ing effects are really, magical.
It -.; cures • piles.' 1 ¦; Price, : 25o ! and ; SOc.-j'at - .Jriig
glsts or by mall. Salva-cea,' 274 Canal "st.y ; tfr;Y.
.' ' Will Celebrate. the Event in' Paris.
./•PARIS,. April ; • 13.-The dedication - at
\V ashipgton r on^May ' 21 - of -, the - statue -of
Count' de;Roechambeau; will be celebrated
In" Paris' upon. the same date by a Franco-
American , ; banquet. > at "which the; Mayor
of- f Vendome, ?¦ Count s'de - Roechambeau'3
birthplace, will preside. ¦ • ...
April; 13.— The: condition 6f
1 Queen '; Marie Henrietta ; is • reported * to be
serious.' I Shells suffering" from .heart-idis
ease/\which is entering J,uponthe-dropslcal
; stage."^ Three doctors- . ¦ have" been. 1 sum
iripned J ,to ; Spa, .". in .'.the : province ' of. Liege,
'to hold a 'consultation.! ' ¦;-.-.. ,•/ •. -' - . .
Queen Marie , Henrietta- Is '111.'
SUNIONTOWN, Pa,. April 13—Alfred
Jones, a ,. wealthy farmer, and uncle 7 of
., District Attorney Jones, : was murdered
.and his house robbed, near: Cans, last
night by three burglajs. One of the. men
shot Jones through the head, killing him
instantly. 1 ; They then locked hl3 two sla
ters in the kitchen,' where" one man- keot
guard over them , while the pther two
searched for, the dead man's chest. It .was
broken open and -everything of value
taken. ¦ ¦ Several hours elapsed - before the
women could summon up courage to give
thealarm' and then, no .-trace of the men
: could -be found.V Jones •was : supposed •. to
, have kept' a sum of money In hfs chest
mnTfir-fiVrr 1 n' 1 nnnn imi wirT-inrfrmTnTHiiit 1 iffiniiin Jifc^Mi7.Mii^^^ .¦¦
Murdered by Burglars.
¦ v *-i Makes a Substantial Donation.
'¦rtent'% Sputhern ; man ; engaged * in'vbusiness
i In'; Birmingham, Ala;; I has made ; at contri
ibuttorr of $300 to the-TuskegeeNormal-and
•Industrial .-This is. the '.largest
ever, received by this institution
from a . Southern white man. . ;¦.
.; FORT, SMITH. Ark* April 13,-FoUr men
are reported ; killed and- several woundted
in a fight between officers aha 1 desperadoes
near ; Br aggs/ I.I T.v; forty ¦,'miles- frdmf Here
in the Cherokee Nation^: Orie^of . thpse shot
Is ;said' to\be /a-,; notorious outlaw. It la
impossible .-to --reach ,- Bragg -by 'wire'.-to
'nighfand/detansrare; lacking. ' '/. : >; " :
Officers } Battle With Desperadoes .
; GUATEMALA, CITY, V -April :i4.-The'
steamship ¦ Cheribon ! with \ 24,000 • bagsV of
coffee on board, .bound for ; Panama,^was
wrecked Sunday. off Point Remedios.Vflve
miles south of Acajutla. The -passengers
and ¦. crew were saved, but the ship \ and
cargo are a total loss. The Cheribon iwas
sailing under the Chilean. flag. It. was at
Point • Remedlos f that , the Panama mail
steamship' Pablas was wrecked, several
months aco. :, V' ' v >: t
Steamship Cheribon Lost. s !
CLEVELAND,' April •.13.^-William f Rog
ers, .an! ironworker/ shot _ and -fatally
wounded "John Turner on ithe 'street to
day.^Koger? -was jealous of Turner, be
'cause^he believed; him to be responsible
tori: his - broken ¦¦: up home; s* Rogers stood
jover.i his-; victim-, until* an; ambulance 1 took
¦thei wounded, man ; to a- hospital, where
ho died: t 1 Rogers has a wife and four chil
¦-.dren. .-•;". 1 .;- . ¦".-¦-' "•*. ; '.- t -"'..'.- v;->/;- :• ¦-¦.'¦••¦¦ t
Jealous Husband' Uses'! Revolver^
- Powers to'Hold Tientsin;':- -
,: LONDON, April 13.—The; Peking, corre
•gpohdent: of 1 the, Times: ¦ say£f-..';?that?.Vat a
meeting, of the allied commanders lifelij In
Tientsin. Saturday, it was. .'...unanimously
resolved to maintain <he provisional gov
ernment of Tientsin - until th« forts 'were
destroyedior until July l;-and then to%e
,store.;the 'administration -of the city* to
China only,on the.,-acceptance byihe'r^of
certain conditions " guaranteeing, interna
tional'interests, 'such as promising not to
¦fortify and not to rebuild the forts etc
: , WASHINGTON.' April i 13.-Lleutenant
Commander Templln O. Potts, who was
one of the rabid anti-Schley witnesses at
the court of Inquiry last fall/has been re
warded with a good- place by the Navy
Department. ;Itwas announced to-day
that Secretary Long would detail him «
naval attache : at Berlin, Vienna -and
Rome, to succeed Commander William H
duty! * l ' be as ! lsn , ed to s^
_ It !¦ will be recalled " that Commander
Potts was one of the witnesses^o as!
sailed the reliability < of . ; the stadlmeter
S? e^i?i l a 10 "? the Brook »yn to^et ranges
for the^ American gunners during 'thabat.
tie of Santiago. His statements wire rtd
.lculed;.by,.naval, officers, but that did not
make any difference to him asuha mj5n
ta , 1 /l: 3d v i . that he 5°»l<i nnd the ra^gebeue;
do it for him; 1 - a " y lnst « l S
Lieutenant Commander Potts Be
; , comes Naval Attache at
Berlin and Home.
BEWAItl* FOB A BABID
AUTI-SCHLEY WITNESS
NEW YORK. April 13.-rFire in Brook
lyn to-day . destroyed the ' furniture fac
tory of Masel & Huebnerm and the pipe
foundry of David Blnns. Several frame
tenements near by were also burned The
loss is estimated at J10O.O0O, ' with ample
insurance on the factory and foundry.^
Large Loss by Fire in Brooklyn-
A bomb was exploded last night in Car
acas, a short distance from the British
legation there. No damage was-'dODe. : -
.-The revolutionists under • Monagas/aVe
retreating in the direction 1 VpfClarines,
thus obliging the Government -, troops to
enter the interior of the country, v There
is no change in the situation at- Barce
lona, Carupano and Cumana, and.the ex
pected engagements at these places' have
not yet- occurred. , - , ¦ ¦ -- ..-.;•*• --.;, r --.'
WILLEMST AD, Island of 'Curacao,
April 13.;-President Castro of .; Venezuela
is making .'continual changes "among the
generals whom he sends out to conduct
the campaign against the Venezuelan rev
olutionists. . General Fandeo, who was de
serted by his! troops and routed -by the
enemy near Carupano, is in disgrace. Gen
eral Escarante, ¦; a ; , former Governor,', of
Caracas, J who I has recently*, been j in ¦". com
mand of the Government forces -at Caru
pano, is returning to Caracas.. He' will be
replaced by General ¦ Rainoni ,\ Castillo.
Castillo left Caracas yesterday- for Caru
pano, with two guns and 600 men, Sjjj re
inforce the 1 1200 Government -.' soldiery al
ready there; ;•'•¦ ; ¦".'¦¦:: ¦';¦*¦-:{:¦'¦¦:
NEW YORK, April* 13.— Immigrants i to
the number of 4132 arrived to-day • froiri-
European ' ports. .:: The * - Trojan •- Prince,,
from ports* in the .Mediterranean; brought'
1107; the Statendam, from Rotterdam,' had
1097 aboard; the Champagne, from Havre,
brought 1059; the Hesperia, from Med
iterranean ports, 6S0, and the Island
ibrought from Denmark. 219..'
Thousands of Immigrants Arrive.
Dr. 7. S. Hamlin; the pastor- of the
church, and Dr. Thomas Chalmers Eaton
of 'the Eastern Presbyterian Church of
Washington' will both- assist in the ser
vices. Dr. Samuel J. • Niccols . of :St.
Louis, a life-long friend, will make an
address, and Dr. E. P. Tervne of • New
Jersey, Dr. Howard Suydam of Reib
beck, N. H., and Dr. James : Demarest
of Brooklyn, 'all school - friends of
the deceased, have been asked to as
sist. ' ¦ ¦ •*";"¦". -.? '<-..' •'¦-''
At 9 o'clock Wednesday morning the
interment will take place in the family
lot at Greenwood Cemetery, Brooklyn.-
Silent tribute to the- memory of; Dr.
Talmage was paid by- thousands of people
to-day, who walked past, the, residence
on Massachusetts avenue; where the
visit of death was evidenced; by a clus
ter of violets, with a streamer- of "black
hanging at the right of the entrance'
I -Maiiy^intimate;- friends;" including... the
pastors -"of -'most-, of '-, the -Presbyterian
churches of the city,' were among . those
' who called. - Messages of sympathy from
nearly every State in the Union and f rom
¦ England, Russia and" " other European
countries came to the : family. during: the
day. <¦ ¦ ¦ -.-v ¦¦-.:-¦¦ ' : 
\ LONDON, April 14.— The ; papers this
morning print long eulogistic, obituary,
articles on the late T. De Witt- Talmage,
They all speak of him as ranking with'
Spurgeon. Voicing the general feeling, the
Dally Chronicle says: "The influence he
exercised in the religious ¦¦: world was tre
mendous, and it Is with deep^regret that
we record the. final hushing. of his voice.-
It was never raised but In the cause. of
humanity." • ¦'-' • •
WASHINGTON, April . 13.—Arrange
ments were completed to-day . for the
funeral services over the remains of the
Rev. T. De.Witt Talmage. The funeral
will take place at 4 o'clock Tuesday aft
ernoon from the Church . of the Cove
nant. The services will be very simple.
There will be no funeral sermon,, but
short addresses concerning the life and
works of Dr. Talmage will be made. ;
Many Friends CaU at
-Home ThaV Snelters ;
the Dead.
President 'of Venezuela
Is Dissatisfied With,
the Campaign. - ' '
PUNXSUTAWNEY, Pa., April 13.—Pres
ident Mitchell and Secretary Wilson ar
rived here t,o-day and to-morrow will con
fer with the striking mine workers. The
strikers are not satisfied with the agree
ment alleged to have been entered Into by
Mitchell and Robinson at Indianapolis
last week. " \ - '
Will Confer With Strikers.
CASTRO CHANGES
HIS GENERALS
LAUSANNE, Switzerland, April 13.—
The anarchist, Bertoni, whose published
article led to the rupture last week of
diplomatic relations between Italy and
Switzerland, has been arrested here for
holding a general strike meeting in de
fiance of the prohibition of the police.
Anarchist Bertoni Is Under Arrest.
The cholera situation in Manila contin
ues much the same, but ' the conditions
in the provinces are becoming alarming.
The total of cholera cases in Manila up
to date is 245,. while there have been 193
deaths from the disease. In the provinces
there have been 418 cases and SIS deaths.
The United States army, transport
Grant, while on her way to Samar Isl
and, put in at Lejraspi, in .Southern Lu
zon, having on board a teamster who
had the cholera. The Grant asked for
assistance, but was placed in quarantine
five days/ As her supplies of water, food
and coal were limited, she decided to
return* to Manila. The teamster died of
the disease. Four Americans have been
attacked by cholera in Manila, and one
of them died. ,
MANILA, April 15.-The United States
r.rmy transport Hancock, which was pre
viously reported aground 5 near f Iba,
Northern -Luzon, has arrived here with
out having sustained damage. She struck
on a coral reef and had to be lightered
before she could- be floated. She 'was .-on
the reef, sixty hours. • - . ¦ •
Army Transport Escapes From ' Her
'Perch on- a Coral Reef. - f
HANCOCK IS FLOATED. -
Experiments With Portland Cement.
- 'ANN ARBOR. Mich.," Aprif 13.—Pro
fessor ; Edward- D. Campbell, the '.blind
professor ! 6f 'analytical, chemistry in the
University -of .Michigan, is engaged upon
the first • of a series of experiments' that
will take years of labor, before completed.
When, they are finished the results will
• Be of great value to> thei manufacturers
of ; Ceirient, .;as this product will
' ; be turned out.- on as scientific a basis as
Ms '..steel 'at the presents time. 'Professor
has devised j the first ' furnace in
which the; factors of time and tempera
ture-can be absolutely controlled,- and his
'test ; will cover - all complications of I clay
arid mart! Professor CampbeH'ls said to
be the, first to take up; the work
on this absolutely scientific plan. : -
News of. this reached the brother here
and a committee was selected to arrange
to send : the young^ man back. In order to
prove ' their . innocence.' -fhie committee,
of which the doctor was chairman, -raised
enough money^ to carry t>ut its purpose
and announces'- that young Schnur has al
ready., left this country in care of an
American.;. .' ' ' . ,:' - : :
NEW, YORK, j April 13.-Dr. | M. : Neu
staeder of .this r city to-day received a ca
blegram from Vienna giving notice of the
release from prison of the Schnur . family
ten members of which have been confined
near there -for some time on the charge
of having murdered Schulim Schnur. The
Btory.of the .charge, as told by, the doc
tor, is, that the young man supposed to
have been murdered was about to become
a Christian convert and to marry a'Chns
tian girl, notwithstanding that he. came
from a well-known Jewish family of Dom
row, Gallcla. . His parents, to avoid -. the
consequences , of his proposed change of
faith, sent him to a brother Inthis coun
try, and after his disappearance "were ac
cused by- the Christian peasants : of the
neighborhood with having murdered him.
They were arrested and taken to jail in
chains. ' •;•> .-•': ¦*: / . . ; • ; .. , .
quently "Discovered to Be
Alive; in New York. .'.
Their -Supposed Victim . Is Subse-
I AMILY; IS UNJUSTLY :# ¦'• '* ¦- •
- ; ACCUSED OF MURDER
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. April 13.— Lee Galla
gher, the former paying teller of the First
National Bank of Buchanan County, who
was arrested on last Wednesday, charged
with embezzling $2000, to-day confessed that
his shortage would be more than $25,000.
He will be arraigned to-morrow.
Embezzler Confesses His Crime.
Resent Advent of Yankees.
RIO JANEIRO, April 14.— All newspa
pers here are criticizing the lease by Bo
livia of a large part of the Acre terri
tory to an Anglo-American syndicate.
The Gazeta de Naticias says that if such
a policy is initiated the Yankees may
soon be the real owners of many regions
in South America, and will exercise a
kind of protectorate over the whole conti
nent. ¦ . r -. - : .
The Daily News remarks: "Any attempt
to unravel the. facts about the progress
of the peace negotiations during the- last
two days must resemble the. efforts of. a
spectator to gather the plot of. a .play from
a performance in dumb show. '.-We defy
the most intelligent person-to' arrive,-<at
any conclusion on the all importantques
tion of the success or failure of. the-pres
ent overtures, though the • facts, "indeed,
are eloquent, of important events.'*' ¦ .:'¦'.
* • , • • • ,. *
this the departure of fresh troops for
South Africa/especially of the. Guards,
would have been postponed,- if riot Coun
termanded. As some sailed -on-- Saturday
and others follow to-morrow, it is obvious
that the Government is in.no' danger of
giving way to overconfidence^'.' ' -•":;
. CLEVELAND, -April . ; 13.— Mrs. \ Martha
j. Calhoun, aged 75 years, and her daugh
ter,' Mrs. ' Vaughn; "; aged 46-.years, were
shot ; and- killed to-day near. Man tuna-sta
tion,* a village, forty, miles from Cleve
land. -Will ) : iVaughn; a stepson of » . the
younger :.wpman, . is • under -arrest
with ;haying.:Committed the^ crime". ..'.What
are believed to be'blood stains we're found
on his trousers. -These, Will Vaughn says,
came ; from fa' cut ; finger. Waughn's/ father
died> a ifew' days .ago; and • it is believed
he left the/ bulk- of his. estate to .the two
women. :.-.¦ \ / \ , . '''.: '
•Vaughn was hot a 'member of his
father's household,- living. alone, '-'quite se
cluded from '• his"-' neighbors, 'In .a'? house
some, distance from 'his. father's home, •' ,
mitted the Crime.
Suspected of Having Com-
Stepson of the Younger Woman Is
MOTHER 'AND DAUGHTER. \, :.,„
. V ARE SHOT AND KILLED
Merchants of Lagoncy Send . Petition
to General Chaff ee.
MANILA. April 13.— The merchants of
® n~fW- : H-'H--H^--I"I"l"I"I"I-I-^-I":"I"!"H
WANT TBOOPS TO STAY.
The identity of the officers who voted to
convict Major Waller was not disclosed.
Major Waller's friends, who crowded the
court room' during the trial, are jubilant.
Three officers say that , if he had been
punished for the execution of the men who
betrayed. him during his terrible -journey
across Samar there would have followed
an era • of -treachery among the natives
that would have" greatly delayed the work
of pacifying; the -islands.:.... •:¦.-., '' ". "./.:, ¦
Major Wallet, in his defense urged that
he had acted 'under orders I of General
Smith, who; he said, had told him to kill
and burn and directed, him • to convert
Samar, a hotbed of insurrection,: into a
wilderness, {and had further advised .him
that it- was -no time to., take prisoners,
and that the further he carried destruc
tion the better pleased the general would
be. Major \ -Waller said | General Smith
had told him to kill all over 10 years "old.
In his summing up against Major;Wal
ler. Judge Advocate Kingsbury contended
that Major Waller was under military,
not martial; law in Samar. .The men shot.'
he said, had "done nothing deserving 'of
such punishment. He blamed Waller for
the misfortunes and hardships of the ma
rines and the fatal march arid flatly ac
cused him of .abandoning ten helpless
comrades,- "whose bones are now bleach
ing on the banks of the Lenang.". to die of
hunger. :.•¦';',. ... • ¦':
, .The judge- advocate said the prisoners
were lined up for a raffle of death at the
sole will of Private Davis. -In closing he
said Waller listened to the dictates .- of
ambition . Instead of duty, and that the
evidence disclosed faithfulness 'and not
treachery on the part of the natives. who
were shot by his order. - ; .
It took, the court-martial ' only a. half-'
hour to reach.its verdict of acquittal.
nANILA" April 13.^Majbr Lyttle
ton W. T. Waller of . the -Marine
'Corps, tried by a court-martial
.on the charge of .killing- natives
of the island of Samar without
trial, has been acquitted. The ccurt
stood eleven to two for acquittal.
ENGLISH MINISTERS "WHO
ARE INTERESTED IN THE
PEACE NEGOTIATIONS.
PITTSBURG, April 13.— By the death of
Henry M. Bennett of Farmingdale, N. J.,
Laura Biggar, actress and former wife of
Bert Hayerly. Inherits most of an estate
valued at $2,000,000.
Bennett owned the Bijou Theater, a ho
tel and a big business block here, a stock
farm at Farmingdale and considerable
other real estate. He owned hotels in New
York and this city during his life. Hia
only living relative is a brother-in-law,
Ira Shattuck, owner of the Nicollef House
In Minneapolis. The men were not
friendly. Bert Haverly sued Bennett for
alienating his wife's affections ssveral
years ago, but the case was settled out of
court. Laura Biggar has been Bennett's
faithful ,- attendant the last three years,
he having had a leg amputated here on
account of blood poisoning.
Becomes Owner of the Large Estate
Left by Henry M. Bennett
of New Jersey.
ACTRESS LAURA BIGQAB.
; " ~. TWO MTLXIONS
SILENT TRIBUTE
TO DR. TALMAGE
"Lord Kitchener," it says, "does not
know, and the Government does not know,
what has been taking place in the tent at
Klerksdorp. At the same time the chances
are in favor of a settlement rather than
against it.- If more could be alleged than
LONDON. April 14.— Commenting on the
reports of the peace negotiations the
Daily Mail says on the subject of [ the
Boers being ready to surrender independ
ence: "This is a matter on which there
can be no compromise, on which England
must decide. ; If the Boers require the
withdrawal of the banishment proclama
tion there are men whom in the interests
of all it is absolutely vital to keep out of
South Africa— Mr. Kruger, for. example,
and the Hollander gang. These cannot be
allowed to return, nor will Britain be pre
pared to make concessions on this point
as a matter of bargaining."
The Daily Telegraph Jakes a different
view and does not think there is- any
foundation for the peace rumors. . -
LONDON PRESS COMMENTS.
Daily Mail Says Kruger Must Be
Kept Out of Africa.
Bulgarians, However, Oppose the
Elevation of an Archbishop
and Trouble May Follow.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 13.-The
Porte has sanctioned the consecration of
Mgr. Flrmilian as Archbishop of Uskub,
European Turkey. Mgr. Flrmilian is "a
Servian and is bitterly opposed by the
Bulgarians. He was appointed Arch
bishop of Uskub years ago, but out of
deference to the Bulgarians was not con
secrated. The University of Sofia Is op
posing strongly against this consecration,
while the former Bulgarian Archbishop
threatens to resign.
It is feared that the incident will pre
cipitate outbreaks.
PORTE SANCTIONS
THE CONSECRATION
MANILA JUDGE ADVOCATE AND
THE GENERAL ACCUSED OF OR
DERING -KILLING OF NATIVES."
Lagoncy, In South Camarlnes province,
Luzon, have sent a cable message to Gen
eral Chaff ee praying that the American
troops be not withdrawn from Lagoncy.
The merchants declare they are unan
imously of the opinion that if .they are de
prived, of the protection of the military
they will become victims of the lawless
element at the cost of ' their lives and
property. They said that if the. American
troops leave ¦ the town the Cnemy could
reduce the food supply of the inhabitants
and retard the advance of the soldiers
coming to their rescue, and that such ac
tion would lead to irreparable damage.
The merchants further declare the local
police to.be insufficient to guarantee or
der. This is proved, they say, by the fact
that the detachments of American troops
have withdrawn from? the neighboring
towns and that the local police have been
unable to suppress the assaults, robberies,
assasinations and forced contributions by
gangs of the recalcitrant element in the
neighborhood./ . ' ':•:.'
little difficulty in ~ agreeing -upon some
basis of negotiation The transfer of the
negotiations to Pretoria, where both Lord
Kitchener and; Lord Milner, the British
High Commissioner in South Africa, are
at present, is interpreted by the press as
meaning that the Boers are prepared to
make formal peace proposals.-
The latest reports received here from
tne Boer headquarters at Brussels and
The Hague declare . that the delegates
will raise no opposition if honorable terms
are granted and that the Boer leaders in
South Africa have agreed to accept the
maximum obtainable.
Federation of Labor held a meeting here
to-day and canvassed the recent vote by
nearly all unions of the State on the
matter of adopting the proposed constitu •
tion and affiliating with the American
Federation of Labor.
The result was highly favorable to
both propositions and will be satisfactory
to the majority of union men of the State:
Application for a charter will be made in
a few days.
tive committee and officers of the State
TACOMA, Wash.. April 13.— The execu-
Application for a Charter From the
. National Organization Will
Be Hade.
UK-IONS IN WASHINGTON .
WILL JOIN FEDERATION
Continued From Page One.
If, on the other hand, the Attorney Gen
eral, feels that the ends of justice will' not
be interfered; with by a disclosure; of his
plans, then the- Committee | on Judiciary
will report, the Thayer resolution at its
meeting on 'Tuesday. It will be passed
and a communication from Attorney "Gen
eral Knox to Congress will speeaily fol
low. ' .' 'r. ¦*. -.••' —I :.¦ .-¦- • -,•-•
•WASHINGTON. April 13.-Action on the
resolution of Representative Thayer of
Massachusetts, calling on the Attorney
General to inform the House, if not in
compatible with public interest, what
action, if any, he has taken to prosecute
the Beef Trust, may be' expected within
the next two or three days. Representa
tive-Thayer- is willing- to.-wait«"&. reason
able time for the Committee cm Judiciary
p .act,. and if.no report is forthcoming he
will bring the matter before the House.
Representative Ray; chairman of the
committee, will consult with the Attorney
General/with a view to finding out what
steps he has taken and whether hewants
to take the House into nis confidence. As
the Attorney General is not hunting the
Beef Trust with a brass band it is, likely
that" the information given by him will 'be
of a confidential -character. ; If ; the evi
dence, of various dealers and -others -In
New York and other cities, which Js in
preparation for the assistance of the.
torney General/ is. laid before -him, 'Mr.
Knox probably will tea Chairman Ray so.
If he Is acting- secretly and through 'the
District Attorneys of the country, he will
inform the chairman that the least*: said
about it the better. i '•:
Early Action by : Congress.
"The United. States Commissioner has
been cautioned ;to select this Grand Jury
v.'ith the utmost care. The intimation to
Warner is that'; President Roosevelt is
making this his personal fight for a 'full
dinner , pail. '¦'¦ .The -packers are said to 'be
making <10p ; per.: cent on the money they
turn over. "Theoraers are to stop at noth
ing, short of the Federal prison itself in
the effort to kill the Beef Trust."
To-night the senior member .of a law
firm with which Major Warner does much
business confirmed the private dispatch,
and added: v • |
Refuses to Talk.
-When- a. private telegra^n from Wash
ington was .Shown 'to the United States
District Attorney'/- saying he had received
orders direct, he" declared:
"1 have -not a word to say." • ..
• "But" this dispatch says you have your
instructions," was insisted.
"If I have, it will be highly improper in
me to make a statement."
The legal representative of a f packer,
here said that • he .has 'been not|fled . fr'oirf !
Washington .that such "action was coiiternri
platecUAX..;. —:••-*/•¦¦ ... ¦¦ ,-.•;¦
"We were- told," said -he, "that: every- ;
one jo£ the Kansas City, " Chicago >UnU
Omaha paiekers would Ihj taken'before a.
grund jury and afterwards Indicted: -. ,
•¦• VTh'e trouble is over the rise in , the price
of meats.vlKedueed to the -point of view
of the' retailer, meats are costing double
what they- did a- year ago: '.-It has hurt
the tiin'iier'p'&ir anu the President is inter
fering.., ¦'¦*¦',-,• : ¦:•¦:';¦¦-'¦'- ' I
•"l'here{ fs' -no :trust. A tariff is main- j
tained \bjuth6. "packers,- under which none
cut' prices;,- just. as th£ railroads make ana
ptknd-by freight and passenger tariffs, but
there^ls no trust, in the. sense of prorit
sharing.? •> i v ; - •--'>;,-'¦ •' ¦¦•-,
,; . ' Sp*y'ial .Dis-pa'tcly' to. The- Call. ¦
-^¦KAiSrS^] 1 cTt Y , .'Mo.. April 13.— It is ;
knpWJi^hferei^thpit the Attorney General of -^
'jjiie : .U nitedCStates has telegraphed instruc- , .
tipns'tii'^lajor Warner., the Federal E>is- r
trict/Attorney; to ? at "otice prepare to di$- j .
solve the Beef Trust and, to, indict the
members of it.' A Federal Grand >Jury . has
been summoned, to m.eet next 'week.- Ma-.r;
jor Warner- positively declined to make.' .
arty statement in the premises. /When^
pressed he' abruptly . terminated ¦ the ' inter- >'
view.'*., : -~- 'jrh4. v&i* ::¦:-¦. ''¦¦ '311 $&£m,
-
gating ;Body With
% . v . out; Delay. ¦•¦. v
A ssociated Packers Will Be Brought
¦ Bsf ore the \ Federal Investi- ;
.Grand Jury.
District;., 'Attorney . .Receives
Orders 'to Summon a '¦[/¦
The maddened bull attacked fiercely
after that, driving the lion into his cor
ner and goring him twenty-five times in
the body. The lion retaliated by seizing
the bull s nose. He again lost his hold
and the bull gored him repeatedly, break
ing his leg and causing him to roar with
pain. At this juncture, while the excite
ment was at its . height, the bugler em
ployed by the Mayor of Juarez sounded a
call for the combat to cease, and the lion,
more dead than alive, was dragged from
the huge iron cage where the right had
taken place. His wounds, it is said, will
prove fatal. The bull was game to the
last. He almost succeeded , in killing a
Mexican banderilla, who was luring him
from the arena.
EL PASO, Tex., April 13.— The most
bloody and brutal encounter between wild
beasts ever seen in this section of the
• country took place in the Juarez (Mexico)
bull ring to-day between a young Nu
midian lion from South Africa and a
Samalayuca bull from the wilds of Mex
ico. An audience of three thonsand peo
ple, prircipally made up. of Americans,
¦witnessed the battle from the grand
stand, which surrounds the huge . iron
cage set up in the arena. The light last
ed nearly an hour and was linally stopped
by the Mexican authorities, who admitted
that their own national sport of • bull
fighting had 'been outclassed in point of
brutality. The bull was a splendid speci
men anil was courageous in the extreme.
From tbb beginning he recognized in the
lion a deadly enemy and attacked the
king of beasts reaaily and with great
•spirit. The lion, whicn had been reared
as a. pet. refused to light at the outset
and attempted to break through the bars
: to .seek refuge beside his keeper, who
stood without and pitilessly goaded the
' beast by striking him with an iron bar
or by pouring vitriol on his body. Finally,
realizing that escape was hopeless, the
lion crouched for a spring and launched
himself into the air. landing upon the
bull's back and fastening his teetn in the
bovine's neck. His hold was insecure and
he was easily shaken off, but the bull
bled from a number of wounds.
Special Dispatch .to The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 13.— Consul
Campbell has gone to the United States,
declaring he intends to place his reals
nation In the hands of Secretary of State
Hay. This brings to an end thft misun
derstandings which have lasted six
months.
On the death of Joseph Rawitz. tor
many years American Consul at War
saw, his nephew, Vladislaw Rawitz. the
surviving head of the Rawitz banking
house, signified his desire to succeed to
the Warsaw consulship. W. R. «o»o
way, the United Sttca Consul General at
St. Petersburg, with the assent of
Charlemagne Mower, the American Em
bassador to Russia, recommended that
Vladislaw Rawitz be given this post, say
ing that the omce had been excellenuy
managed by Josepii Rawitz, and that the
Rawltzs enjoyed an excellent reputa-
U Jeremiah Curtin, formerly secretary of
the United States Embassy here, caused
the hrst complication by requesung that
Herr Wolff, the publisher of Sieiikie
wick's works, be appointed c 2S? u i *
Warsaw. H. H. D. i^erce. the Third As
sistant Secretary of State, wrote Hollo
v-a" and asked him if he insisted on his
recommendation.' Holloway did insist
upon the appointing of Vladislaw Rawitz,
and Tower undertook discreetly to sound
the Russian Government regarding the
acceptability of that gentleman. This in
quiry, by .some mlstaxe, caused the is
suance of an exequateur for Rawitz. As
the consular position at Warsaw Is highly
esteemed. Rawitz immediately received
congratulatory visits from the local ofri
cers and the other Consuls. At this stage
of the proceedings Rawitz became great
ly embarrassed, a* etiquette required that
his first visit be paid the Governor Gen
eral, and this was Impossible without
American papers.
William M. Osborne, United States Con
sul General ' in ¦ London, here intervened
by recommending the appointment ot
Campbell, an American dentist in Lon
don, who formerly lived In Warsaw.
Rawitz became very much perturbed by
newspaper statements that Campbell had
been appointed on the ground of hia
American citizenship. He made persis
tent but ineffectual attempts to get Hol
loway and Tower further to support his
cause.
, In the meantime a storm had gathered
over Campbell's head. The consular
clerk at Warsaw, voicing the alleged
widespread objection of the Inhabitants
of that city to the American, wrote Gen
eral Holloway that Campbell could not
anticipate an exequateur. as his real
name was Finkelstein. and he was born
In Lemberg. The consular clerk further
charged that Campbell had given differ
ent birthplaces In his application for
passports, and that local society was
against . him because of his elopement
with an heiress of Warsaw. Campbell
came here and ridiculed these chai ges.
asserted that he was a Christian, that
he was born in Montreal, Canada: that
he was a naturalized American citizen,
and formerly a dentist in Chicago. Ho
declared that his mother-in-law was re
sponsible for the charges against him,
which she brought at the desire of with
holding 100,000 rubles due his wife from
the paternal estate. Consul General Hol
loway was sifting this matter when he
was informed that Campbell had aban
doned the fight.
Attorney General Knox
Begins the Fight in
wK^nsas City.
His Appointment Results In
Vexatious and Annoying
Misunderstanding.
Brutal Encounter Takes
Place Before Large
Audience.
Mayor of Juarez Is Finally
Called Upon to Stop the
Fight
Consul at Warsaw! Wi&
Retire Prom Official
Life.
TAKES STEPS
TO DISSOLVE
BEEF TRUST
HIS RESIGNATION
RESTORES PEACE
BULL AND LION
IN THE ARENA
Finds Him Innocent of the Charge That He
Killed Samar Natives Without Trial. .
MANILA COURT-MART1AL
AGQUITS MAJOR WALLER
ARMISTICE SOON TO END
STRIFE IN S0UT7H AFRICA;
London Populace Expects the Proclamation to Be
' T 4 * A T T ¦'-¦'" '"'¦¦
Icjsttpri of Anv Hniir . r :
THE SA]S FRANCISCO CALL, ; 31 OND AY, , APRIL 14, 1902.
2
JOHN J. ITTLTON CO.
- Medical works agree that Brlghfs Dis-
ease and Diabetes are Incurable, but 87-
per cent are positively recoverinj: under
the Fulton Compounds. (Common forms
of Kidney Complaint offer but short re-
sistance.) Price $1 00 for the Bright* a
Disease and $1 50 for the Diabetic Com-
pound. Jno. J. Fulton Co., - San Fran-
cisco.- sole^- comDounders. Office Mills
Building/ v Free tests made for patients.
Descriptive pamphlets mailed free.
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
Peculiar
To Itself
In what it is and what it does — con-
taining the best blood-purifying, alter-
ative and tonic substances and effecting
the most radical and permanent cures of
all- humors and all eruptions, relieving
weak, tired, languid feelings, and build-
ing up the whole system — is true only of
Hood's Sarsaparilla
/ No other medicine acts like it; no
other medicine has done so much real,
substantial good, no other- medicine has
restored health and strength at so little
tost.
Hood's Sarsaparilla promises to
cure and keeps the promise.
MM. VIGOR, MT ALII Y tor MEN
>«2f**3Hk MORMON BISHOP* S PILLS
fsdkc^W^ have been In use over fifty
- JgAjfyTggam years by the leaders of the
B5S&J& jff&l orn3on Church and their
K(E*»*SfE@3 follower*. Positively cure the
Rjf&aPfSH worst cases in old and young
WM&APlgS arising from effects of eelJ-
VtaS)!fl|f abuse, dissipation, excesses or
TMorigtfaS clearette-smoking. Cure v ; Lost
Manhood. - Iznpoteocy, - ¦" Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry, tots of Semen, ~r —^ Varlcocele or Con-
Itipatlon. etop Ner f_J fJ vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effect* are r^J^JTL immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote """ ncy to every func-
tion. Don't Bet despondent: a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped- organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: &0c a box; 6 for
12 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. «0 Ellis St..
Ban Francisco. Cal. GEANT DRUG CO.. 28
tnd «0 Third St.. , , ¦;.. . -.
OADWAY'S READY RELIEF has stood
jr.rlvs.led before the public for 50 years as -a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
ture« all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
ttitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
tLeadache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
oc Malaria and ell Bbwel Pains. All druggists.
Two months agro an "old school" physi-
cian of this city, who enjoys a large prac-
tice, called at our office with his wife.
He was barely able to be out. He could
hardly walk, his voice was halting and
there were marked evidences of uraemlc
poisoning. He was so far along with,
Bright's Disease that a crisis was Im-
minent. In fact he expected convulsions
and a fatal ending at any moment, and
the very day he called discussed the ad-
visability of cremation with bis wife. He
was so positive that nothing could be
done for him that he only came to please
his wife. ~
Although almost In extremis we told
him we thought he could recover.- He
wanted to know about the- cost. We told
htm there would be none if upon recov-
ery he would admit It and say what did It.
This gave him confidence and he went at
It In earnest.. In two weeks he sent for
more, admitting that" it had taken hold.
Two weeks later the same report, and two
weeks ¦ thereafter he called at our office.
Both, he and his wife were the happiest
people we have seen -f&r many a day
He is getting well, and on the first day
of April resumed hla practice. He per-
mits us to refer to him. and If any physi-
cian suffering similarly will call we will
make him the same offer and take him
up and Introduce him to the convalescing
physician for a personal Interview.
Bright's Disease and Dia-
letes Are PositlYelD
Cu rai)le.
A Physician
Recovering. , The number . of distilleries tn . th© , coun
try Is. three ;times as large as the;number
of < breweries; and;- distilleries ; are; most
numerous . in ' those " States which • are close i
politically. W^W^Mi
ThS* tale was told by Judge Pennypack
pr In beginning a response to a. toast at a
Pennsylvania-German banquet In Phila
delphia. The story, he said, showed the
readiness of the Pennsylvania Dutchman
to obey those In. authority.
In 1854 Sheridan, under orders, burned
every barn from a \ r alley above Staunton
to a certain point below Winchester. A
band cf angry rebels followed this raid,
watching for a chance to pick up any
stragglers. Among: ethers who fell into
their hands was a little Pennsylvania
Dutchman, who ftuictly turned to his cap
tors and inquired:
• "Vet you fellows ;roing to do mitme?"
The reply came ghort and lharp.
"Hang "you." •
"Veil." he said, meekly, "vatever fs de
His good-natured reply' threw the Con
federates into a roar of laughter and ;
Mved-'his life.
His Beply Saves Life.
CHICAGO, April 13.— Rites of the an
cient -Jewish -faith; dead : for : 2000 ; years,
were 't revived " in? Chicago ?,; to-day, '.when
many > members . ! paid • sums ' ranging \ from
|30 to $1000 for. the ; privilege of -performing j
certain -• ceremonies ;: connected >--.wlth ? ¦ . the |
laying i of \ the • corner.,- stone ¦ of •'" the <•" new
home ' for I aged , orthodox Jews at i Olden
and Albany a.venues.^a&ttgsggse^zi^t^s
: ¦ Samuel ' Swartz of <Waukegan gave J1000
f or j the ¦ privilege '. of v laying 1 ; . the 7- corner
Btone/^Tne, lighting of, the sacred; candles
.was tho ceremony next In' importance and
the L privilege of applying the flame ; to I the
first tone * was • sold > f 6r ?150.: . The t rignt^to
light: the second' 1 brought:$75,.and$55 each
'.was paid -for.: the; privilege ofilighttngithe
third and' fourth; *? The * others >¦ were ¦. sold !
all:,the;way;from$50 down to $10, "until -It
came '¦ to >the last. 'Then t the ; bidding be- 1
came spirited;; when it became known that
but J one « more twas jto.be ' lighted, : and > ?175
was paid for. the, privilege. ' ,-:- : •: : • '
r "Af terjithis i there \were .the . privileges v'of
passing ; the sacred wine and breaking the
bread, x together* with ; 5 other rites * which
.were sold,iBO,that a' large part ofithe cost
of ; the : home ' was realized from ; the ' cere-'
'TaaiarnBBKSIBKBBBinBgBSSahmm!'-- ~--- ¦-
,", The ; members .of \ tho . San v Francisco
Wheelmen had a ten-mile try-out,' finish
ing in .'the 'following: order: , ¦ Al 5; Ktiox,"
George Cushman.H. Hancock, O.'Halech,
F.;Westcott, A'. " Gonzales, . E. : Ayres. '_'; L.
Myers, . R. Varney. ; O. E..[ : H6t£^
man, . W. Carpenter, : George Addl-"
son, ¦¦'¦'. J. Sett rles,, , G. : ¦.] Cavalier, ","\- L.'
Samuels, F. Gustavson, > G. Goebel,*N.;B.'
"Borg&.'.F. > Maddon^ . M.' Boree, ; C.'; Pease,'*
Fred JE. ' Muller and W^. Sengstack. ;• v ;*-,.;
- i Al Knox: 'made ; tho b<»st time, : cover
ing • the ten miles in 25. minutes and 15
seconds.^^George Cushman finished • two
flfths:of. a second* behind shim. ;."';
Ralph • Nolan,- a member r of .' the •' club,
was \ thrown, and was unable ' to ¦ con
tinue.. • . • v ¦;,'/-'V '¦ ' "'"'¦ ' ("•¦ ; '" " '
Many wheelmen .were ; down the . San
Ueandro road yesterday training > for; the
Eldridge # cup, which" will be. heUT over
the . '.'triangle" next Sunday. ; .",'/-'/
Are in Training 1 " f or ¦ the ' Eldridge
Trophy Team • Race toi Be ' De
cided' Next Sunday. " ¦]
MANY WHEELMEN, COMPETE
ON SAIT.LEANDIW) ROAD
TEDDY'S > TERRORS.
For Theodore ' Roosevelt, ¦ the "President,
V.'iishinsrton. P.'.C. . . -'
. To the left of the invitation was a sketch
of; the President mounted, on 'a. California
bear,- with his, pistol holster flying. In \ the
- NEW YORK. April 13.— The World has
this from Washington:
, President Roosevelt has received from
a campaign club at Los Angeles a unique
invitation to "attend the annual ¦ fiesta ; at
that ci|y. The invitation was; presented
by Senators Perkins and Bard of Califor
nia. It .was in a silver bound box of • na
tive woods and was on beautifully tanned
calfskin. -. on which • also i were • the i cattle
brands used by the President when he was
2'iUiciung in tne West.'. A portion • of i the
hair was scraped off, and on 'tho leather,
was burned this invitation:/
TyOS ANGELAS. March 30, 1002. — We're
goln' to ¦¦ have a round-up > an'- we • shore want
yer mlgrhty, bad. Feed- an' • water 'plenty;
ctocks fat. . Brandln' ; irons ready when yer get
here. Come on, will yer? V
Los Angeles.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
Mr. Roosevelt Receives
Novel Summons From
Chicago Hebrews Bid for
Privileges at a
Dedication.
The monthly boxing exhibition of the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club will be held
to-morrow night in Mechanics' 1 Pavilion
Annex. - The" card, which is an unusual
ly strong one, follows: Joseph" Hall vs.
Joe McDonald. 115 pounds: William Par
rielll vs. Fred Carter, 110 pounds: Phil
O'Meara vs. Otto Knoch, 130 pounds:
Lev.- Powell vs. Eddie Gallatin. 115
pounds; Charles Black vs. Al Young. 135
pounds: George Peterson vs. George Snuls
bury, and Angeli vs. Everett.
Amateur Boxers in the Ring.
AUSTlX Tex., April 13.— Governor
Eayres has investigated the condition
which prevails in Zapato, and to-day is
sued an appeal calling on the people of
Texas to extend relief to that section "on
account of the very severe arid protracted
drought which has prevailed."
People of Zapato in Need of Belief.
•WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON.'— I .had
three . brands — the Maltese Cross. { Elkhorn and
Triangle. -' : ¦ '- ¦¦"¦ T. R..
air and: his left hand waving a card on
which was inscribed: "To Los Angeles."
. The "Terrors" did not know the brands
the " President ' used In his ranching days,
and wrote to him, requesting the informa
tion. Secretary Cortelyou replied ';to the
request by inclosing a memorandum in the
President's handwriting. as follows:
Standard Company .Buys Pipe lane.
WHEELING. W. Va., April 14.— By the
purchase of the properties of the two
large independent oil-producing firms in
Marshal County, the Standard Oil Com
pany blocks out the only independent and
rival pipe line concern n the State. The
Standard pays $750,000, it Is said, to the
Denedum companies, which gives up
fourteen wells and several hundred acres.
ALBERT LEA, Minn., April 13.— The
body of Frank B. Forbes, who had been
County Treasurer for three terms and
was a prominent retired business man,
was found to-day in Fountain Lake.
Forbes had evidently . waded into the
water, and lying down had drowned hlm
eelf. Ill health is the most probable rea-
Commits Suicide by Drowning 1 .
CHICAGO, April 13.— By the term* of
Frederick Button's will, filed for probate
in the Lake County Court, John Alexan
der Dowie, head of the Zionists, and who
styles himself Eltj*b II. is made heir to
a nestate of SoU.OOQf, most of which is in
en estate of $50,000, most of which is in
comes. Sutton had left all that he had to
Dowie, but a few days before his death
concluded to remember his eister and
tbree brothers, who are still In New Zeal
and. A codicil providing for them was
filed with the will.
Leaves Bis Estate to Dowie.
PARIS, April 13.— This was American
day at the Longchamp races. W. K.
Vanderbilt -was unlucky, his Illinois II,
a warm favorite for the Prix Jocquart,
the principal event of the day, only se
curing third, place, while his Bright was
unplaced in the contest for the Prix de
la Seine. J. Reiff rode two winners and
two seconds; J. H. Martin and Milton
Henry rode one first and one second
each; Archie Mclntyre had one winner,
end B. J. Rigby one second and one
third. f
American Jockeys Win in Paris.
, ¦». ¦
I „%* "~ ¦ - . ¦ ; . ¦ ¦ ¦ . . . - : - ' •>.;
R. G. Schrader \ George Dougherty
W. M. Gill Thomas McNamara
J. W. O'Rourk* F. S. Kohn
F. C. Selfrldge .., T. Ryan
R. O, Daniels J. C. W. Dowe
Horace Davis W. Reston .
James B. Sykea R. N. Risdon v
A. L. Weil " ' L. Anderson.
H. F. Peart , H. G. Chester
W. A.:Taylor, - . I L. E. Price V
W. W. Sanderson William F. Moore ; i
D. E. Allison Jr. John Lee ,< .. ~:<t/;r .'
C. T. Deane V\ Brandt - "-\
H. W. Hutton Charles Ruppel
Andrew Gnarinl R. Stevenson
George Lowenberg R. E. Montgomery
Richard J. Clifle - * I.G. Cline^ ¦ . , ,
E.A.Leigh Joseph D. Ott . .;¦_.",
R B. Treat • • J. J. Meneses"-
A. W. Martin '-. P. R. Godeau ¦ ;
James P. Norman O.-G. House .
Melville Herman J. Goetjens
John L. Davidson James Laird -.,
N.H.iHurd ' - ,' vG. A. : Hueter ,
Charles Kaufmann • Vv'Illiam Baker
1^. C. Robinson ' H. G. Chester
5. S. Partello .--.".'¦ .. E. J. Reeves
J. E. Sllnkey- R. C. Vose .
VTilliam E. Abadie Michael 1 in umalr , ;
Charles H. Ward L. F.- Colder
Thomas P.- Woodward -.W. Klor>
Edmound Tauszky . -_' -T. R.;Long
I. L. Blum "
A. R. Ahlborn . John Gatta
A C. Rulofson . H. D. Sullivan
L.' L. Solomons . Jacob i Eppls /
Alfred D. Allan , A. T. Lavilli ¦ f
Tohn H. Dumbrell , ' L. Gotilli • -
I. Erlanger.'. .- " J.- Moore . .... !
Ed , Kelly.. •. ' , ; ° D. Levls ' ¦
H. J. Owen .William Paste
L,h; de Curtonl William Smith
Jacob Samuels . .. William Malcora .
Victor ' R: Ulman ? M- Lawzausky ; .
Toseph F. Lyrick ' Joseph O'Hara ; • ¦ -
B. D. Pike - H. J. Levy
Frederick Hancock M. L. Blum :. ..
I. G. Glestlng -¦ L. Korn
Charles Sutro Jr.. . - vv. Bibo • .
6. D .Davis- '¦ . J. H. Sullivan.-
J. H.'.Hutaft - Thomas Dowan.
M. Kollmann ..'' " Robert Finlay
E; E. Gillen A. Le^-: ¦
Leon'E. Prescott: V R. H. Sawyer
G. H.'Umbsen • George Fiddes ,:
J. K. Jones Herbert Bailey ! •
George P. Adams • J. Galdstone . ?
Beniamin 'Apple '"-. Frank Katz •' ;
E.W.; Strange . G. : Erlin " -
I. Halleck Smith \V. O.* Stafford .--,;. r
T. L.'Rapheld - C. B. Mish ' :
5tephen M. Reynolds;' L. K..Kagencamp
Charles F. Priest , ' . B- Joseph •
Louis Goldstone • George W. , Glbbs ¦
JR. T. Mershon G. Calkins
David Rich- -. -.Charles Huby. Jr.-
A.-C. GHbbl» - J. A. Vaughn "
Leo Bearwald" »'
August Fuchs
Ed R. Hanlon
Thomas H. Guptell
A.' Bullotti
Louis Farwell
A. C Taylor,
Dr.VL." L.-Dorr..,
Tames L. Nagle
5." S.- Perkins ;
Louis Holtz -: - . ¦
David Meeker
Theodore R. Fiala "
W. E; Walker
Richard Murray .' '
3.. S. ( SpauldIng
T. G. Svenson
T. Martin .
Daniel Donovan
H. von de Nieninbers
E. C. Laudis
Henry Voorman,
H. C: Tllvln . ; .¦
M. R." Krlgbaum
Voorman DuBoIs
< Eaton ¦»
R. M. Smith
Charles Raymond .
W. A." Tuck " - - .
Phelir: KaufCman
lohn Fessia .
I. H. Davis :
Richard Ryan
5: Hertz
W. A. Inglas
Alexander Campbsll
H. T. Walsh
I. M.-Sabin
lohn W. Eaton ¦
H. I. Jacobs -
Julius • Stamper
T: V. Gantner '¦
F. w. Thompson ' ' . ,
F. Holmes : —
Tohn Ryan
II. CHartfort
W. F. Ohn
H." Paulsen
M: Sheldon
F. L. Reardon
Walter Koch '
Fk.'. L." von Rhein ,
Ben Einstein,. . ".;
F. J.' Morton.
Joseph J S.VFonseca
R. P. Therien/-
E. E. Marshall
Toseph Donovan
J." P. .Donahue
Hugo Schueasel
.Daniel McGlorie"
tt. ' N." Peckelman
M.'McGulre, ,
C. F. Peterson
Captain J.'E.Mindt :
Gus Johnson ' .
3. Smith '
Tames Carr ¦ . . :
Alexander Murdock":"
. Fames W. Nelson - . ' •
P. J. Shanzer • •-' <
F. T.Faircloth
Georgs W.'Blum..-"-
Andy Penor.y / —
A.' Johnson ' '
Tack Salay
J., J. Drouny
George Robertson
R. G.-Goaham' i ¦
Alex. Griffith
. W. - R.' • Noonan
Tohn R. :McIsaao ' -
XV. A; T. Apard '.'
C. Mason ; Kinne ;
Ar H. ¦ Porman '¦ • ¦
.George von.Staden '•
Toseph Spohn ;.
C. J. Paterson
Tohn H«nnessy •
M." E.' Holdsworth
F.' A. Hornblower ; -"
C. D. Douglas
Henry " Schulkner
lohn A. Weston
lohn McCabe .
" Charles .Wiseman ".-
I. Harry PInkman :
Tames F.- Kelly •....;
Henry Burgess
Thomas Cavanaugh
Richard Smith '
lohn Rlsto -
Fk., L..' Wacker
Fk. V. Pistolesl
Henry Leffman •
Hugh G. Hamilton '
ChaMes Milly ; . ,
3us Swenson
Norman .W. Hall
Dr. . Henry Gibbons . Jr. ¦
Tacob Green baum " -
Fohn A. Clover
Dr. A: S. Adler
Myer Jacobs • ¦.
W.D.- Hamilton -.. •
Seorge.B/ Keane ¦ -"
AV. H. Conly .
13. "H.. Ashton . "
Marc -"Anthony '..••'
3eorge W. Lewis
Henry Stcfflns
Ralph -N. Folks; .
Joseph' Carroll ¦¦
P. S.-. Barber V . K ¦ ; ¦
J. J. Neubarth
W. G. Zeigler.-
General S. W. Backus
Ernest • A. • Meyer ¦ - »'«•¦
Claus ¦ Kroeger -' t,'.,' •
Fk. V. Bell ;• ,
Robert Campbell
Byron Mauzy \
Mark ' Sheldon ' ' '
F. I W. Thompson
B." A/ Sammann "
Myrtile Cerf
J. .J." Murry.
Charles Bliss •
Toseph -Uri ~
William Loewi ' ¦ ¦ v
.Ignatz-Beck ... ' V
'A., D.' Buckley -. ..- ' .
C. J.McGlynn ~" - : V
L-'Haake . • " '¦. v .
A/M. Currie .
J. D. Nolan- " ' .- I
S. H.:Beckett
w. R.-Cohn"- ¦:' ; :
Martin Berwin
Tohn Gernns - : ;
Emmett P. Barrett ,'
Clark Spcnce : -; ¦•
A. 1 , 0." Page
D."W..Burchard
George 'M.; Ferine
Robert 'Porter.. --;, s.
A.:H. Powers- . •
G. ,- Scalmanini ' s
L.. E: Savage
Victor Olson ,
Thomas. A: Benson ¦ ¦
Joseph Barbetta • ¦ ••
L.'A. Canepa: . •
W. R.^ Norman
L/'E.-- Savage
T. "A". Benson ¦
P.\ Young
Samuel. Robertson • . .*
Charles Jtlontgomerjv
Thcmas - Sheehan .<_•' ."
¦Tames W.*; K.injrsbury ;' ... .
John'Rosenfleld. '.
Rlcbard Phal
W.O.- Scott*/ V
REVIVE ANCIENT
JEWISH RITES
D. Bailey. G. C. • Church. J. H. Waterman, D.
II. Cashln, F. A. La Bonef, Ben Crandall. Otis
S. Allen. C. B. Mead, C. H. Page, D. Mell
ville. F. Short, F. W. Newell. J. H. Inwall.
E/- B. Nettleton. W. I. • Frost. R. P. Hallon
beck, H. H. Kirby. T, J. ThomDSon. Harry
Huber, W. A.- Thompson, Laurence Taylor,
L. R. James, E. J. McDonald. Otto Jensen.
G.-C. Taylor. H.W.. Jones. H.J. Brackett.
Seventh, Ward Republican Club of
Oakland. .'.".. > '
Delegates — F. F. r Sllcox, John 8. Roche. W.
T.Heider, Fred J. Bryant. Harry L. Walker,
James A. Plunkett.' Lowell J. Hardy. ¦
¦ ' Alternates— 'James W. Murdock. L. F.
Bauer, W.' E. Reynolds. Henry C. Heaken, W.
W. Lohoy, .Wallace. E. Adams.
.• .Republican Club of Alameda. . -
J. ¦ J. Searles. R. B." Tappan. A. P. Smiley.'
H. .T. Morris and Major C. L. Tllden. The of
ficers, who are also delegates, are as follows:
E. E. Johnson, president: A. L. Behneman,
secretary ; A. R. Hamlin. treasurer.
Alameda Republican Club.
J. R. Knowland. "E. K. Taylor. C. L. Tls
dale.J. C. Bates Jr... T. G.~ Daniell?, G. F.
Weeks. J. B. Lanktree. W. H. Noy. J. W.
Seebeck. M. W. Simpson. "W. K.' Brackett.
Frank Otis, P. S." Teller. J. S. Hanley. G.- E.
Plummer. L. H. Brirfk. O. L. . Rogers, L.
Cordes, J. B. Barber. G. W. Emmons, J. Mag
nin, J. W. Ellsworth. . .
San Leandro Republican Club.
*-S. Huff. L. :C. llorehouse. J. N. : Franks,
B. . C. Hawes, . P. N. Nippert and Judge Black.
Third Ward Republican Club«of Oak-
land. -
Delegate-at-large— George Fitzgerald: dele
pates—Daniel J. ¦ Mulllns^ B. C. . Cuvelller.
Frank ' Ahern, Frank McKlernan, ' Oscar
George. .William Gross, C. XI. White, JohnF.
Mullins and T. J. Allen: alternate delegates -
Joseph Raymond/; William Owens, Robert
Walsh, ' A. E. Johnstone. J. F. Swart." Henry
Eaton. A. . Massino. Conrad Thaler and George
Darcy.
Afro-American. League of Oakland.
D. R. YounK. A. P. ', Lee, George Ingraham.
Frank ; Howard. Edward L. White, J. A.
Hackett, - Dr. " G. B. H. Rutherford. Jesse
Wysinger, J. 'H. ¦ Howard. Nelson Scott, F. F.
White, - J. T. Callender. H. P. Johnson. W. H.
Davis. M. B. Bush, J.". Blake.
TJelegates From Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE. April 13.— The Army
and Navy - Republican Club ' of v. Pacific
Grove held a ; meeting last ; night to elect
delegates to the convention of ' Republi
can ¦¦ Clubs in 'San Jose . to-morrow. Fol
lowing are ¦ the delegates chosen: F. D.
Noble, T>. N.' McKee, F. "W. OUver. Alter
nates — W.- P. Kinsman," M. K. Stansbury-
Monterey Names Representatives.
MONTEREY, April 13.— The Monterey.
Republican • Club has elected the ; follow
ing . persona as delegates to the State
League meeting in San Jose .to-morrow:
Ex-officio delegates— Thomas • J. Fiold.
president; "W. C, Brown, secretary: Alex
Underwood, treasurer. ; Delegates — W." ,W.
James, Francis Doud, L. A. Brownell; FV
M. Hilby, Grant Towle. Alternates— H.
J. ""». Shanfele, I. Olarte. William , Frates,
Ernest Michaelis. f
'AUDITORIUM IN SAN "JOSE IN WHICH THE CONVENTION OF THE LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS "WILL
BE HELD TO-DAY, AND A FEW OF THE WELL-KNOWN POLITICIANS WHO ARE LIKELY TO TAKE
A CONSPICUOUS PART IN PROCEEDINGS^'^ ¦ ,»
MONTEVIDEO, April 14.— News has
been received here from the Swedish Ant-
Arctic expedition, whose - leader is Dr.
iOtto" Nordenskjold. The expedition dis
embarked at Snow Hill, Louis Philippe
1-and. It Was accompanied by the sur
geon Dr. Eklof, the Argentina lieutenant,
Sobral and two sailors, one of whom was
a. member of the Duke of Abruzzi's Arctic
expedition. Dr. Nordenslcjold's -vessel,
the Antarctic, tried to sail directly south
Jrozn Cape Horn, but too many icebergs
were encountered and there was danger
of the ship being imprisoned for a long
time. Dr. Xordenskjold decided to change
his course. His expedition will remain at
Snow Hill until next summer.
News of Antarctic Expedition.
Alaska ITeeds Insane Hospital.
TACOMA, "Wash., April 13.— Residents of
Nome. St. Michael and other Lower Yu
kon towns will make strenuous efforts
this year to have the Federal Government
provide that section with a properly
equipped insane asylum. Every year a
number of men and women lose their
reason from various causes and yet can
be given only the poorest kind of treat
ment on account cf the meager facilities
in that rough country. The most notable
case of haraship resulting from the pres
ent "status of affairs Is that of Father
Jacquet, the Catholic priest who went in
sane sx Nome six months ago. ¦ In No
vember he was taken nearly 1000 miles
overland from Ncaie to Holy Cross Mis
sion on the Yukon. During the trip he
suffered severely from the cold weather.
H. C. Tabrett - William Fuigler
Robert Ash . William Tomsky '.* : ..
W. H. Chapman H. Wolfinger .
P. F. Ferguson F. W. Smith
G. F. Ochs. John Kavanaugh
W. H. Kountz William Reed
J. B. Mahony ¦ J. C." McElroy . .
W. S. McDevltt r Hugh McElroy
_M. F. Taylor John P. Coghlin
A. H. Merrill B. Flood
0. M. Ratto ¦ L. H.- Menke ¦ .*-'.¦•'¦;
A. P. Van Duzer George N. Wegener
W. C. Irwln M. J. O'Connor
U Whiteman J. L. Shrader
P. O. : Beggs C. E.I Thompson
Henry C. Langrehr G. Sehnle
W. L. Coles , Dr. A. M. Flood
Henry von Werthera J.H. Lord . : ¦-.
J.. B.. Barber .. ¦ H. C. Pearce . . •
Alfred von Bergen ;'-viR. H. Plant
Carl Anderson II. Walker
W. W^Chase J. B. Marvin
Captain F. .J. Burns W. Healey
F. P. Duly C. L. Barber . •
J. Corbett . F. H. Mervtll
F, W. Burnett- J. H. Roberts
C. McClellan S- H. Wagataff
P. F. Mertes :. R. Wleklng ;
H. N. Beatty R. , C. Carlson ...
A. H. Menne ' F. W; Blumberf
D. Nichols F. J. Vetters
H. N. Lange R. Stone
R. L. Hathorn A. Huber
H. G. Krasky A. EJ. Anderson
lohn Ttjnningsen H. E. Morken
E. D. Knight W. H. Woodman "
J. E; Elklngton - F. R. Neville
F. L. "Waibel D. R. Ashley
Morgan Backus George Brown .
3. I. Raychester B. Brandsen
U T. Wagner James Lannigan
H. .G. Knowles Jean Fitzgerald
3eorge T. Shaw Jr. .
lohn Bolger • : = ' ; '¦'-'¦'/.
3. J. Asmussen
?". Bellmer
5eorge Toung
lenry Vlnning - . _
J. George Boyne Gonzales
Walter W. Kempston Dr. F. Pancoast
Frank P. Phibeley l r red Tobelman.
J. Rothman " I. A. Glassman
John Dellamonica '. v\ . J. . Hagen .
Daniel H. Sullivan . A. C.Rauer ....
1. Ellas h F.-Bullwinkel
Tohn H. Harney Kj Borkheim
Charles A. Dumont 'Jr. T. H. Morris
Tames D. Shay \*-V Adolph Berg :
Tohn J. West JL.Vogel .
Toseph Daneri 3eorge Kaskell
Frank Tuchler E. J. Noonan
E. S. Etraugs B. F.' Mitchell
ramea D. Hart M. Nolan
Bernard Kohn -¦¦ -. H. Hawley ¦.-,,
M. R. B. Wallace >. W. Condory
William Beck ; A. W. Till
Tamea Ellison " M. R. Roberts
Alexander Olsson ' E. Folger
T. Fleetwood A..- F. Brown
P. Du Bois 'B. W. Williams
Oawson Mayer . F. Dellepiane
Charles Mclntoah.
?llve A; Brown F. O'Byrne
R. Husband . . Walter A. Smith
A. M.'.Wallen . F. H. Harris
5. M. Snider-. J. C. Richards
H. C. Schaertzer L.'.Cassidy ,'
I. H-.Rowe Tames W. Gunn
CV. S. Glover -'.' Tames Whitehurst
William Met.zner C. W. Thompson
F. W. Warren . R. Schneath- .,
Toseph Cronogue ' M. Rheiring
»V. W. de Winton , • • W. Krsak . •
Ivan L. Peterson - M. Krantz
vV. de L.. Kingsbury H. Koster,
I Toseph Lecari ¦..'•- Andrew Smith;
I F. R. Hurling Charles Eisner
T. E. Lee • • v F. Morrell
K. A. Parker M. Enosj
« Gamble Tames Lynch
Tohn Butler . . , Z. J. Woll
N. Thill • "eorge Bassell •
R. W. "Wreath H. Knief
E. Herrick Ed Lee Jr. .
R. Frederick "" P. J. McCormack-
RTil! lam Adams T. H. Johnston .
Li. Da%-is/ : ¦ , f. Marx
F. T. Finch " . E. J. Prlngle Jr.
I Tchn A. 'Drlnkhouse . I. J. Well
I T. C. Currier S. Forbes -. j-
Anderson Said to Be
Selected as the
President
"¦¦-¦ ¦ : ¦
DELEGATES ALTERNATES
T. C. Klmball William Griffith
A. Ruef , Ole Jorsrensen •
Oeorjre Faber. ' Henry .Nelson
A. L. Bacigalupi , Georre Ash -
Walter Collier William • Mcrherson
Frank Mearlnl Robert Ennls
diaries Winkler S. Js'athan
Charles Heinz D. Wessonbsrs
Paul L. Moses Leon Paris
Harry Huff Fred Klatt
William Warnke Joseph Murphy
"harles H. Summerlad Charles Nelson
Ix>n W-- Pellegrini- C. C. Mansey
E. M. Furbush David Hallidlay
Harry Irwin « C. Anderson -
William Fitzgerald C. O. Johnson
Ixmis Strohl James Hawley
Paul Cuneo. . F. Berg
Thomas O'Connell G. A. Fautaual
R. Brewer Charles Lowrie -
F. McFarland . J. Devlne
I. B. McDermott F. H. Vivian
I. B. McXamara A. D. Verra
P. Farrell E. E. Kentneld
E. C. Havens D. C. M. Goodsell
Z. 11. Martin L. Ihlde .
I. Atwood J. M. Scott
Fred Hawes A. B. Forbes
T. Naelemaker J. B. Firth
J. F. Kingston M. H. Levy
T. H. O'Brien J. M. Nell
T. F. Sheehan ; M. M. Fester
5. Barnum A. Tucker
William Daly - T. D. Jones
T. J. Norton T. S. Hall
5. Salomon . Thomas McConkey
William Glynn R. E. Cole
0. Murphy W. S. Russell . , - ¦
3. Holastetn P. H. Brown
lames A. Robertson W. J.^Hawkins
F. Priest W. F. Brown
William Fltzyerald M. J. Lyons -
J. Bond . J. S. Ellberbersr
Charle« Green ,... Thomas Whitlam
Tohn McCartney
.> T , Henry Gilson
A. C. :Bauer
. William Drew
Thomas C. Duff Thomas " Murphy
r. DeWitt . R. Munk . •
William Harrington T. Harlow
Mark F. Crowley Dr. J.B.. Clifford .
Albert "W. Lehrke A. Brown
Walter A. Moreno *V\ J. Healer
C. M. Erickson K- J- McXelll
lohn Klnney Louis Llebrich
H. S. Elliott William Phillips
Tohn T. Flynn W. E. Mayhsw .
W. D. Getchell W. T. Dean
E. R. Simmons r *. G- Vohrles
T. J. Mamon L. Sheppard
C. W. I^antz George Wands
lohn McCartney Charles Green
Georre W. Elder N- Weyneysky
1. J. Moran VV. Phemiester
A. H. Menne P. McCarthy
V. Richards I. Sharp
T. K. C. Hobba 3. Allen
E. D. Knisht - J. Cerf
F. ¦ "W. Warren. William Tonse
D. Nichols William Sertfaj
E. M. McKee lohn Rossi .
I. Erb O- W. Turner^
J. Bertram - ' H. E. Harris Jr. -
N» B En~le M. Thompson
W. Miller Georre Arrcstronff
5. Gianettoni . A.. D. Davis
U. Serlcano T. C. Lynch
William Kohler W. H. Burner
R. H. Lloyd John Ward
S. Meyer William Watson
Walter Cook Or. Charles E. Brown
Henry Lemser I". G. Hodgkins .
L. Clavelowe. E. Dettner •
"Jeorre O'Connor W. A. Bank .
C. E. Raab* Cllne Brown
D. T. Twomjr . H. Nathan
H. H. Delres L A. C. Adams
H. R. Ruse - r . " Robert Sinclair
W. Warner • " • - E. L. . Payson - -.
5. E. Reinhard Joser>h G. Lavensaler
A. Sadler W. D. 5 Gerdes
H. B. Brown H. J. Gedes
P. H. White F. ft Geddes
J. A. Miller .. W. W.-^Vhan .
H. Goetjen J- Porter
M. Harrle James P. .Kane .; •.
James Kennedy W. M. Cashman
Tohn Ryan / C. D. Baker
F. Staib W. C. Frost
F. Jones J. Gaillard - .
H. Peterson S. Solomon
F. R. Squire • • J- A. Swensen
James Gileon G.~ Stalb
Alexander Feigr / VV. P. Wobber
G. S. Arnheiro A. Wise -.'
William Boucher. F. Gutzkow
William Smallman C. G. MensaSorffer
William Pr Brown A. H. Russ
n. Drinker E. F. Russ
B. J. Flood J. H. Ault ,
J. A. Madden R. Rush
Tohn W. Rogers H. C. Hincken
D. Molander L.. Sanders .
G. A. Melslngr Nath. Fleishman i
Hugh McElroy L. Tausslg I
U. B. Solinsky John S. Franch
John Ganey R. L. Fowkes
C. T. Guivey . H. Bremer Smith
H. Wolflnger Fred Hummel
William Tomskey John Walter
n. Nelson F. Green
C. F. Mason William Gleason
M. J. Eilva John Duffy
E. W. Madden Thomas F. Wall
Charles Ellis John E. Wilkinson
W. A. Colwell James Lawlor
James Duncan -_ Charles Long
H. Hall J. E. Enrtght
M. C. Glmpel J. Enright
CATTLE BRANDS
0N INVITATION
Continued From Page One. •
OKLAHOMA CITY. O. T., April 13.—
Rather than kill the man he said had de
frauded him. A, N. Smith, one of the Ter
ritory's best known cattlemen, shot and
killed himself yesterday. He left a let
ter which stated that on account of his
Masonic oath he could not kill "Jack"
Stribbling, another cattleman, and, fear
ing he would commit murder in a fit of
anger, he would kill himself.
The two men had been close- friends.
During the winter of Urito they fed a large
herd of cattle together, and afterward
Smith claimed he nad to pay all the ex
penses out of his half of the profits. A
suit in court followed and a verdict for
55000 was awarded Stribbling. Smith al
'ways claimed Stribbling had defrauded
him out of that amount of money, and
he feared he would kill him as result.
Both men were Masons and very wealthy.
Advancing' XTovel Reason
f dr His Suicide.
ZITDS LITE THSOXTGS FEAB
OF COMMITTING MUSDER
Oklahoma Cattleman Leaves Note
Notable Politicians
Arrive ' From All
Sections.
There was no warning of the crash. The
tumbling walls crushed three houses as
they fell, and thereby added to the fatali
ties.
Already ten bodies have been taken
from the debris and the police and citizens
are working by lantern light to remove
the dead and dying.
NEW YORK. April 13.— The Journal has
the following: from Madrid: The ancient
cathedral of Cuenca Tower collapsed after
high mass to-day. The famous edifice
was crowded with hundreds of worship
ers. Numbers were kiilcd outright and
buried in the ruins, and scores Injured by
failing walls. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bodies of Ten of the Congre
gation Already Taken
From the Ruins.
Spanish Cathedral Crum
bles Under Weight
of Time.
WALLS COLLAPSE
ON WORSHIPERS
DELEGATES TO STRIVE FOR HARMONY
¦¦¦!'. k}G. Town* . .; E.M.. Crosby
- C. A. Murdock •'• J. Marsch .
M: Brandt •¦ : ,;: O: C.- Pratt
' -W. J. Hatman . . . H. R. Hopps ¦ : >
A. -E.: Buckingham '. F. E. Diets
. 5. Felgenbaum • . -J J. J. Fay
' H. O.<Beatty -; '. Gus Widder .
".- U G.- Burnette .;';-: J. W.vWeln ¦:¦'¦¦',--.¦¦
E. B. Butler •; Martin Tonjea
E. J.. Attrldge ;;r " A. Stean 0^
A.;Trueworthy /: ;... : L. S. Melsted :
' R. E. Campbell . r :•.-;.. H. Erlckson
-¦¦ J. B. 4 Smith : v> J/H. Stula
W. H. Hummer .. .'. E. Adams -.
H. J. Walter H. J. Morton
Philip Rogers i '— ' \ H. : JV Alexander - r -
Vernon Upton . ' .; - D. Goldstone
Frederick A.' Cooper A". Hromada ¦ .
S/ Blooms . -': _ L. D..Radgesky>
M: J.-Kuhl '¦ C. Zirins. ¦
T." 1 P. (Martin B..Schloss ' .
, Horace 4 V."' Carter. ' • S. Getz- . ¦••
Eli Pinner^" •;. H. H. Adams
E.' Schleslnger- - ¦ ¦ •¦¦ M. Kellner
Richard P.O'Meara- Henry Lester
E.-L. Waldteufer ; Harding: ¦ ¦? . -
H.Kohn • • - ; . W. H. Powers : • . ¦
John Ji Klllalee , Henry K. Vocke :>/
L." Cameron . James Bride ¦*«•
S. Lichtensteln G. W. McCarthy
of Oakland.
3. N.-Ros* G, Scalmanini -> .
R.' Isson v*<; '.. ' Frank Bradford
William, Smith C.E.Arnold
Harry Hanson • •„¦ . Dr. J. von Werthen
. Dr. B. H. Baumeister
Second ? Ward EepubHcan , Club of
Oakland. '
Guy C. Earl. John Mitchell. John Rns«. A,
H. /Breed. Mortimer Smith. L. G. Parker. Drl
H./B. Mehrmann. ' Mark Thomas. John Tlsch,
J. F. Summers, M. J. Hallahan. Raleigh Poor
man. R. A. Marshall, .Charles Brier. T. J.
Feeney, H. j: * Herby. Joseph Smith. E. J.
Brown. J. N. Bonham. Dr. J.' L. Milton. Abe
P. Leach. J. . P. . Taylor. Dr. - C; E. Curdts, E.'
T. Joste. Al\WlHiams, John A. Bli3s. A. H._
Elliott. Charles E. : Snook and F. S. Bodle. ">
Forty-Eighth IMstrict Metcalf Club
D. "W. • Doody, - M. B. . Merrltt. . Rod "W.
Church; Firm D. Hinds. J. V H. Mullen. Robert
Muir, w. D. Heitmann. Murray Laldlaw. An
drew Hanlon and M. K. Houghton.
'Army and Navy Republican League
,"..'. of Oakland.
"M. D.'-Hyde, J. C. Little, E. J. Leonard. J.
C. Stout. John La Blanc. G. -W. Calderwood.
William DreslerT William J. -Qulgley, N. S.
Douglas, D. Mr Harkins. C. K Pierce. D. M.
BriBBS, A H. Jlavnard. J. W. Bulen. E. B.
Reader, W. H. Collins. I. A. Baker. Ed Sal
back. William Bennett. Ed Rathman. Frank
D. Bailey. J. L. Rowndy. J. H. Griswold, . J.
at San Jose Cbiiveniidn,
Gorisiftiitiohofihe Republican League Prd=
hibits Indorsement of Candidates
STEEL TRUSTS
TO DO BATLE
Combine of Leading In
dependent Concerns
Is Formed, -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 13.— A steel and Iron
company, ,wlth a capital stock of $200,000,
000, win be incorporated at Trenton, N. J.,
this week. Among those prominent in the
movement are B. C. Frlck, Joshua Rhodes
and E. Y. Humphrey of Pittsburg. The
name of the new corporation has not been
decided, * but the , plans have so far ad
vanced that it is announced that it 'will
have 9100,000,000 of preferred and a like
amount of common stock.
The plan of the organizers Is to amal
gamate -the leading independent .eom
panies. The claim is made that tho.con
cerns that have agreed to go Into the
combination earned last year- $14,000,000
net, but' the possible withdrawal of th«
bridge companies because of the death of
Frank Conger reduces the amount to 512,
500,000. Ohl of Newcastle, Pa., Edward J.
Bird of Ironton, Ohio, and E.~. Glfford
Ladd, promoter of the American Bridge
Company, are reported to be important
factors in the movement.
Millions.
MOBMONS OF ENGLAND
END THEIR CONFESENCS
leaders of the Movement Are "Well
Satisfied With the Besnlt
of the Meeting.
LONDON, April 13.— The ~ semi-annual
conference In London of the Church of
Latter Day Saints, closed at the Finsbury,
Town Hall to-night. The leaders of the
movement from Liverpool and other
towns attended the conference. Presi
dent Morris of London in an interview
said: . _v ¦';
"There Is a most satisfactory revival,
not only In Great Britain, but on the
Continent . We find little trouble In inter
esting many - devout and earnest Chris
tians in our simple, faith."
Strikers Disobey Order of Court.
KANSAS CITY. April 13.— The striking
journeymen bakers. have disregarded an
order Issued by Judge John W. Henry of
the Circuit Court restraining them from
interfering with the business of the
Werneke bakery, and one of them went
so far as to throw the court's order into '
the street when a deputy served it. What
course Judge Henry will take remains to
be seen. The strikers had interfered with
the baker's business by standing in front
of his shop and telling all persons who
passed not to patronize the store, as its
manager was antagonistic to organized
labor. MMnjMfl| .
PANAMA. April 13.— A decree has been
issued establishing a war tax on all tick
ets issued by steamship lines running to
Colombian ports.
Tax on Steamship Tickets.
Foresters Dedicate a Hall.
"W/lTSONVILLE, April 13.— Court Pa
jara- Valley Rose, Foresters of America,
dedicated a new hall this afternoon. Pre
ceding the dedicatory ceremonies the For
esters from Santa Cruz, Monterey, Salinas
and Watsonviile paraded* At the ceremo
nies the grand officers were present. To
morrow evening a banquet and ball will
be given. When completed the hall and
ground will have cost about $20,000.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
TOLEDO, Ohio, April 13.— Mrs. Sarah L.
Williams died here to-day at the home of
her daughter. Mrs. Williams, who had
just passed her eightieth ', birthday. . had
for more than fifty years been prominent
ly. Identified with this city. She was the
widow of Joseph R. Williams, formerly
proprietor and editor of the Baldeju, and
for many years before his death. In 1861,
one of the foremost public men in Michi
gan and Ohio. Mrs. Williams was for
years proprietor and editor of the Sunday
Journal in Toledo. . - She founded and ed
ited the Ballot Box, in advocacy of wom
en's suffrage.
Matthias GlashofP.
CORDEI^A, April 13.— Matthias Glas
hoff, a 'prominent business man of this
place, died this morning. ., He was a na
tive of Germany and 51 years old. Ha
came to this State in . 1S74. He leaves a
wife and two brothers, who live here. An
other brother resides in Germany.
Horace Resley.
CUMBERLAND, April 13.— Horace Res
ley, aged, 78 years, the inventor of the
locomotive pilot in 1S40 and other rail
road appliances, died to-day.
Siamese Ant Cavalry*
*
!
;
Not long ago a French explorer. 1L
Charles Meissen, in traveling through
Slam, observed a species of small gray
ants which were new to him. These anta
•were much engaged In traveling: they
lived in damp places and went In troops.
To hl3 surprise he noticed among: them,
from time to time an occasional ant which
was much larger than the others and
moved at a much swifter pace, and each
of these larger ants, M. Meissen saw, al
ways carried one of the gray anta on it3
hack. -> This discoverey led him 'to watch
their movements closely. He soon* saw
that while the main body of gTay ants was
always on foot, they were accompanied
by at least one of their own sort mounted
pn one of these larger ants. - He mounted
and detached himself now and then from
the line, rode rapidly to the head, came
swiftly back to the rear, and seemed to
.bejthe commander of the expedition. The
explorer was satisfied from his observa
tion . that this species of ant employs a
larger'ant —possiblly a drone'of the same
species,' though he had no means of prov
ing this —as we employ horses. to ride
upon," though scarcely more than one ant
In each colony seems to be provided with
amount ¦'• .. . „.. .
3
THE SAN FEANCISCO 14, 1902.
Will Incorporate With Capi
tal of Two HundredV-Tri^ hobby [of "the Princess of *'waies is !
'to- collect Darasols. - . . ' ¦¦*¦ '»--.•
., *>---¦¦/.¦ ¦ .:¦ . ¦:-,¦ '¦¦¦: :
tSwo' Babies of " Was^iineton.
'. Repre.'fentative^ Lever of .South"'. 'Carolina"
ls'Vthe ; youngest" member" of'.-the.jXvJower
House of .Congress,. being but 27.years old."
When he made his- first' call', at' the White.
House President ; Roosevelt : greeted :¦-him
with the remark,' "I ; am glad : to '. meet the
'Baby • of » the -House.' ." • ; Mr.,' 1 Lever 'ire-
¦spond'ed, 'The ; Bia-by oft the : House is ¦ hon
ored ''in ..being", greeted j by I the ; Baby,' Pres-'
idenfc": The President enjoyed It: so much
that he -repeated -it. :
:*':;, JJo; More '; Hogs\Were Left.
President-Tucker of Dartmouth* College,
with'; his - family, ; has spent x a number • of
summers i on a farm' in * New ' Hampshire.
,DuEtag4hepa^tvyear,- however ,'; the. peda
gogHe;was greatly annoyed by two. things
;— the;: proximity: of .the- pigpen ' and: th^
manners (Of the "hired .jjirl/Vj/Thf^efore,
when" the 'owner of, the. farm, wrote" to him
recently. ; asklng ;; whether; he" would again
have the "president .of "Dartmouth- as hia
boarder,- 1 :. the latter sent 'back ; a.: decided
negative, staging his reasons for not wlsh
;ing; to return: In a ¦ few. days n h? received
the 'following reply: •¦: • :,' ; ¦ :
:.?» I'Dear'-i Sir: ,; There j ain't ' been' nV. hogs
alncej' you .left,-, and ¦ H"annahh»s' ; went.". -¦
; It- required four men to , shape the brim
of this j monster i hea-dgea^r, -.. which : might
have done, service to one. of, the '.-Valhalla
gods. >It-* ; required>:many.*. weeks tq make
this' hat,, rtachine • work- alternating - hand
work throughout," and more than SCO yards
of plait- were Used in its construction. The
giant Is ton: display ; for actors; and 'others
arfllcted't, with..: what.- George t *Ade' > , Calls
''amplification ;Of the ¦¦'coco;"* biif as '.yet
i there [have; been ho negotiations -for; pur-'
chase;;'"V;-j*,-.,:- : '••.¦.-.;.-•.-,.*..' > v. 1 -'* '• .-." ' ''*-
• Ther"Song of the: Shirt"! has been.im'-"
¦fiiartalized < by Hood,' ; but the • song • of the
hat .'¦ yet* "awaits .its .laureate,:/ America
has -been • accused ; of everything
from '-. a , large - scala ; and ', regarding every
.things from • &.- wide ; and \ glowing , perspec-'
• tive. •'< Our- English cpuslns,% ho\yftyer, l have
j put "together the I Goliath " chapeau } of > the
eWorld,*;- which • the ? combined j heads of -.; five
*meri <; of "/normal 1 ;- cranial "measurement
ndsht fill. ; .^ ;v •
¦ : ,Carlyle .wrote ;the prose ] epic of ; clotheg,
but -the; exponent ,'of the; hat: has npt yet
appeared.':.' -When' he does he ;,wlll'':haye
awaiting hlm'-in. a hat recently bulltvlh
London: his ideal' type.. This '-"Behemoth
biggest- born on "earth,"-" as . Mlltqn ,*ays,
1* nearly j eight feet Tin diameter, 'arid \ con
sequently - about . twenty- ftve t feet In cir
cumference, v, Its. depth Is eighteen inches,"
and t It '¦. wast trimmed ¦ and-' lined .before"., the
brlm.was'se*n;on.'>---: ¦,-,,•-"., :**.*.. '•
/Mammoth ., Hat. *
', AVTien ; asked- about' .'the . 'movement tq
adopt . a , new telephone, greeting > she said :
"Yes, .there is such a'moveiAent'on foot,
and I; am; glad. to. say.. that it is rapidly
: gaining, -ground." ' The wordt'hello'Jis not
a good word, 1 and moat Evanstonlans have
dropped . lt. f ., •; I ; do , not? believe « the • word
to b? thp best^we. can find. :We would not
.use'-it If "'we.' J greeted r'a -person ;on*the
street. ?-Why can't : wa f be as ' courteous
wheni talking :" by . telephone ?"-rrChicago
Inter ¦.'Ocean.-. ¦ "' * '•" '.,¦¦ . ,. : .¦- : : ..', * .«: : . ;• . .-..
H Mrs. l H. H. KIngsley, : . president of, the
Woman's -Club, spoke of .the reformation
in telephone : parlance last ; nlght.iiWhen
called 5 to ; the .: telephone, she .said: "Good
evening.^ .."Who' Is It?'..' .•.¦:. ..''':•.- ¦>.•.-,
I The- word ; "hello,". •"which- has been' used
so universally j since the; invention \ of j the
jtelephbrie,^ has been :; stricken f ronuthe
; lexicon, of ;/ E vans ton i society. By ; a" die- '
turn of'the '.cultured .'suburbanites i only
such phrases as ''Goodmornlnjgr" or "How
' do : you do?" are allowed. - The telephone
. girls have j been apprised of the move
,ment ito ; make | the .word • obsolescent and
have -been asked not to say- "hello 1 ," when
,answering. ; : "• '¦: ¦-: ¦..-¦¦* ..¦.-•/••". >¦ , '.' ,.- ; - •' *: ¦X't'wi-'r:
- • To. /Abolish. 1 "'Hello." '
Mrs. Long, ' wife of the Secretary, is
about the only woman* in tbe Cabinet con
tingent who goes in for walking. Nearly
e\'ery morning she accompanies the Secret
tary to -his ofllce, and Yiot infrequently
meets him there airfl walks home with him
in the afternoon.
.» A farmer of Glentwood, Siisquehanha
County, Pennsylvania; will- start ;a crow
farm, designing to sell wings and heads'sto
milliners. " - •. .- •!„•,. , : i,,
Patrolman John M. Pennlman < of the
B i ) '- t £ n " foor ce" has retired on a pension
of $b00 a year, after, a service of :flfty-f<lur
years. /He was born in 1S22. ' '. »"-v. - } -si
, An Ottawa message says the census »of
the ; sexes . ift ; - Canada ,« shows .'. that '.' there
are: Single males, ¦ 1',747,S42;a females,
1,563.450; married males, 929,915; females
905,031. , ' '¦ ¦ - '-" '¦' " <\ r -
; Savorgnan de Brazza, ¦ the ; Afrlcan ex
plorer, whose energy gave , France 'a' share
In the Congo basin,. has just been reward-'
ed.with a pension of- $2000 a' year 'by -the
• manufacture ;of. spa?. : • : .'¦.• .. -r^;.,. , .."¦
.Illinois . selects 5 twenty-five mehibers i"ot
tho House next, fall, a gain 6t three over
:thej, former apportionment;.; In'.Jt$ie.-.pres
•e.qualljC divided > the^wpipartlts.'
Odd Bits of Information.
Ping-pong; balls are made of xylonite. S
.The output of minerals in Japan
amounted to $24,677,446 in 1900.
The final census returns show that the
population of India is 294,266,701.* i
•Honolulu': maintains a public ' committee
whose sole . business Is to exterminate
rats. -¦•¦¦.'. .¦;':"¦' . ' ' . • . .¦¦'::¦
The ' automobile mail cart is gradually
displacing the horse-driven vehicle .?ln
France. , .
This sign hangs^-in a side street in New-
York.. "Meat market; also all kinds of
tauaages." ¦¦ • ; . .,.i \ ¦... ¦
The Indians of Minnesota and Wisconsin
have harvested, wild rice to the value of
up to $30,000 a year. ¦•' ' , . r. -,
The German naval' budget this year
calls - for about ; $50,000,000, : while Great
Britain asks for about $155,000,000. v,
The molasses which Is left !as"a residue
from beet sugar manufacture Is utilized' in
Germany to make alcohol. . . • •-.'".-
The metropolitan police of London look
after S20O -miles of roads and streets.
The Big Leak in the Postoffice.
The second-class mail matter which paid
the pound rate amounted for the last fis
cal year to 429.444,673 pounds. At 5 cents a
pound it cost $21,472,228 to carry it. It paid
in postage 14,204,413, leaving a net loss to
the Government of J17.277.783 on transpor
tation alone. . .
WASHINGTON, April 13.— In accord
ance with the agreement reached nn Frl
; day h^t the Senate on Wednesday will
vote on the Chinese exclusion bill, and
the present understanding is that the
Philippine government bill will be taken
up immediately afterward. -It Is-prob
able, however, ' that the Philippine bill
will be soon broken !n :m ijytne calling
vi p of the river and harbor bill. Being an
appropriation bill, it is a privileged rneas
ure and can be taken up at any time, L'Jt
it is not the desire of the committee to
have it considered until there shall, have
been a chance afforded :<j ruaKe luithe'
ari.eroments in the comm-ttoe. That op
portunity will not be provided until
Thursday, following the vote on the Chi
nese bill. The opixinents < 1 th.« Chinese
bill will press their fight from this time
forward, and it they find that th*y can
not secure its recommittal tfu?y will con
centrate their efforts on proposed amend
ments. Especial effort Will be m^de'to
secure the adoption of :ha Platt substi
tute. ¦ There will be a number of short
epeeches on the bill Monday and Tues
day, and in addition to these Senutois
. Fcraker and McLaurin of South. Carolina
have Riven notice of ftet speeches for
Monday. A portion of the -lay .Saturday
will be devoted to eulo^is on the late
Senator Kyle of South Dakota.
Senate Will Vote on the^ Measure
Next Wednesday. -=
CHINESE EXCLUSION BILL.
Benjamin. Franklin's /'Res."
The recent observance of anniversaries
of Revolutionary events recalls a quaint;
answer of 'Benjamin Franklin to ¦ one of •
the Ministry, of England,- who inquired o£
him as to what would satisfy the colonies.
Dr Franklin said that it might be com
prised in; a few "Res.V and sat down and
wrote, as ¦; follows:
: r— call i your troops, . -
¦ —store Castle William, .• -:
—pair the damage done to Boston,
: . peal your unconstitutional, acts, ,.
•^-nounce your, pretensions to taxation,
RE- and '
• fund the duties you have extorted.
Afterward ' ¦
-Lqulre ¦¦' and — ceive ' pay .for -' tea de
' -strbyed: and then .. ¦ .
[_jpice.in a happy reconciliation. .
. Even in these tiaysflf, scientific; miracles
few cltlescan boast a. clock that walks,
talks, laughs and . sings. Yet among the •
• curios . of ; Portsmouth, Va] , Is a lad who
has* truly „ won" the sobriquet ' ''Walking
•'Clock. 1 '. ;He can measure the fleeting.sec
ionds. v of time ..without j the aid 'of a ' dial,
clock,, watch,' sun, .^mbon or -stars. "This
j human f timepiece ¦ v is Albert Watkins, a
'colored youth, 15 years old. ;¦ He was re
; cehtly 'asked how lie first f.6und out that
he, could tell, 'time without, the aid of a
watch or clock. '> To- this he replied (that
a little, overj a year ago some one asked
a, clerk in a grocery/store the time of day.
.Before the clerk could get out his ,watch
he -(Albert), said sixteen minutes; past 10,
.which, was i. verified by the watch. -To;as
.'certaln : whether jj it" • waa -•' an •¦ accidental
• guess or-a power of ¦•' intuition that?en
abled him to perform the feat the neigh
bors . gave him (hundreds'-- of tests. j.'At
; eachf; trial .'Albert answered with the ; ex-
" actness r of " a .chronometer. ; j The 'grocery,
store •; is his favorite theater for exhibit
¦ ing | his ..wonderful power. "Travelers,' po
licemen -. and • :¦ mfen -.• of ''all «' classes .with
waches In, their.- hands crowd around him.
¦ Some*.' one -asks: ¦¦ "Albert, •• what's 'the
itlme?" •- He gazes heavenward, hiding all
parts -of his eyes -except the white,, then
'drops '; his head and' answers. i . In no; case
;has-'he; been" a- second at variance with
• the'bes^watchMn the crowd. : ':
: The'cult ' of J traditional- superstition ; is
naturally suggested when It Is remem
. bered ; that he is : the seventh .child of; his
'parents.: -\-.. .\ '- -¦;¦¦•' '.'¦;¦ '¦¦',- ... .
:HeIs a Walking Clock. v .
RAILROAD MEN WHO | WILL
ATTEND THE SAN DIEGO
CONFERENCE.
"The second stick is round and one end
fits in the hole in the first. To give this
stick sufficient pressure and speed to pro
' duce heat Is where -the knack is required.
"The operator kneels, holding the xound
stick between his palms. To give speed
and force the hands are run down the
stick while working backward and-for
ward. As they reach the bottom they
must be jumped quickly to the top, and
the operation continued with a3 little In
terruption as possible.- .
"In half a minute more, if this is done
rightly, a small quantity of. dust will be
ground off the lower stick and will collect
r in a pile on the floor. Boon the dust will
j become daiker. Then a cun of smoke w.n
rise from the pile and the fire will begin
•to spread through it so that it 1 glows. . •
i "The, little heap must not be disturbed
f but some tinder or small chips applied!
I They will soon begin to blaze,"
"The stick that is laid on the ground Is
flat. A small hole is cut near the edge
of it and a miniature trough, Is made from,
the hole to the edge of the stick to, allow
the powdered wood to drop in a pile to
the floor.
"A soft and easily inflammable wood is
required. Soft and dry white maple is
good. If wood can be obtained that is
dry-rotten and wormeaten it will make
the operation much easier.
Fire From Friction.
Fire produced from the friction of two
sticks of wood in twenty seconds with t»ie
methods similar to those, used by primU
tive peoples is at last a newly acquired
accomplishment of modern- civilized man.
This seemingly simple operation has elud
ed the ingenuity- of the white man for
years. In fact, the accomplishment' of Dr.'
Walter Hough of the National Museum at
Washington, just made public, is consid
ered practically- unique. Dr. Hough thus
describes the new-old way of producing
fire: . • ' ¦*-<?: -i ' : ¦¦ . • ¦ . -
When Postage Was High.
¦ j Youn g men. ; who . were, courting sweet
hearts fn the year 1S20 either .had to be
content with 'writing- only a few letters or
take the risk of running up large bills for
postage. According to Poor Will's Al
manac for that year, the rates of post
ago at that time were.: On single letters,
carried any distance not exceeding thirty
m?les. 6 cents;, over thirty and not over
eighty, 10 cents; over eighty and not over
"150 miles, 12Vi-cent3; over 130 and not over
400 miles, :1S% cents; over .400 : miles; - 4 25
cents.- -Double letters, or those composed
of two pieces of paper, . double those
rates. Triple letters, or those composed
of three pieces of paper, triple those rates.
Packets or letters composed of four or
more pieces of paper, or one or . more
other articles, and weighing one ounce
avoirdupois, quadruple those rates, and in
that proportion for all greater weight.
Ship Utters not carried by mail. 6 cents.
The rate for newspapers, was: Carried
100 miles, 1 cent; over 100 miles, 1% cents.
But if carried to any place within | the
State where printed, whatever be the dis
tance, the rate Is only ' 1 cent. It was
evidently cheaper at that time to set
married than to keep on writing long let
ters. Besides, there waa not much room
for sentimental gush,- for 6 cents a day
for aletter to go thirty miles meant that
the young lady concerned had to do with
out fee cream and soda water, providing
those luxuries were> known to young men
and maidens of eighty-two years ago.
Perhaps the most fatal kiss ever known
was that given by a young-Spanish sailor
to his fiancee nine years ago, for it
brought about the decimation of a tow-n."
A Spanish vessel -put into the little^eea
port of Candalo,- on' the coa8t r of' Florida,
tlylng. the yellow flag, and was . accord
ingly ordered to remain In quarantine,. for
more than; one- member of the -crew-, ex
hibited symptqms of bubonic plague.
But the sailor disobeyed orders :iind ; put
oft* in a boat for the shore one evening,
where,- having sought out his J fiancee,
whom- he had not seen for some. years, he 1
kissed her. A few 'days later the effects
of the kiss became painfully- ¦ evident,
'though "the culprit returned to^hlaship
by stealth the same night. The girl sue-.
. cumbed to .the plague, which ¦ spread
,' through the town so rapidly, that more
¦.than twb hundred persons died out of a
total population of 1500. •' „" •"-
Kisses once cost the lives of many
brave soldiers in the British army. . The
beautiful Duchess of y Gordon- in -1794
raised the famous Gordon Highlanders by
giving a thousand recruits . a kiss and 1 ' a
golden guinea apiece. The regiment was
raised to its full strength. in a- few days.
The men were then sent out against {he
French, and in the very first battle jn
which they took part more than 250 fell
either killed or wounded. ..,',i ;' ; • •
Previous to this, In 1718. a war was
brought about by a thoughtless' kiss on
the part of a young Bavarian prince'- of
somewhat reckless character, named Fer
dinand.' During- a visit to a. neighboring
state he Inadvertently kissed a beauti
ful member of the royal household, Prin-^"
cess Thyra, Ignorant of the fact that she
was already affianced. .'Her. 1 , betrothed
happened to be standing, near, and wit
nessed the incident. . ¦-. '• " ~*v
High words ensued, followed by blows
and a duel was arranged which Jed; to
the . disaontlnuance of ; diplomatic rela-'
tions. between' the 'two countries. ' A war
broke out ultimatol>i and resulted -in
thousands of deaths before there was a
declaration' of peace. ....
Kisses Cost Many t Lives.
' Fatal kisses are not mere figures ,'of
speech. In many a case they have liter
ally been the cause. not of one death, but
a succeslon of them. .
SAN DIEGO,"; April 13.--jd Charltbn, :
for many years chief pas- ¦
senger department-. of/the : Ghicaggi
and' Alton Railroad, arid ;how pres-'
ident of the Transcontinental Pas-^
senger Association,- • arrived'" thlS'-l.after-:'!
noon at Hotel del Coropado,; ; with'^.; L. J
Bcvington, the secretary. . Sessions of the i
association will be^he.ia on Tuesday, and
days following : until ;the -business is> : <l's~
posed of. ' The associatl.bir ha's 1 juflsiiiitlon;,
over : the; country ',wejst of Chicago',- 1 -
Louis, Memphis and New . Orleans,' and
representatives of all> railroads, west' of,
that line are ' expected to 'participate .<in":
the discussions. ' There are. '.about' thirty.;^
such lines .Interested, and ."a, re presenta-"
tlon of at. least- twenty-five' rbad3, is 'ex-*
pected. From some roads three, four, or "¦
five representatives -are 'entitJed..^ 0 - 8 ,^^^
and are. expected/- ~Ma.ny -'wjli' be- acco.ni-,.
panied by their wives" anil" familtes;"so
that the entire delegation <wiH -.he quite
large. '""'^ .- - . v?vV V. : ' ' C't.
• The docket for the consideration of '< the
association is large, there being some-
According to the Medical Record recent
experiments at the Fulsen. Institute have
led ; to the important , discovery that iron
electrodes used in place of the ordinary
carbon ones give an arc unusually rich in
chemical rays but almost devoid of heat
rays. Utilizing this fact, hollow iron elec
trodes | have been used, . coole.d ¦ by "water
circulating inside of . them and results
obtained after two minutes* action with
the resulting arc which, required an hour
with carbon electrodes. A continuous cur
rent of five amperes at forty volts was
used. No 'lens -was required. .
: The Detroit woman who was robbed and
then married the robber probably figures
on getting it out" of his pockets.—Indian
apolis Sentinel:. - '. -v '-. ¦
• Mrs.- John" Cross, who died -In Clinton
county, Missouri, not long ago,, asked that
when her, body came to be buried the old
family cupboard,' which she had; dwned
for forty-one years, . and which was made
under her; directions, 'V should ,' be :. taken
apart and: the boards put over. her coffin
box in the grave and buried, therein. She
also requested 'that her shawl,' which had
been in the family for 104 years; should be
wrapped around her ' body when = it was
placed in the casket.— Philadelphia Times.
- The • Baroness von Ketteler, -widow, of
the eGrman Minister killed at Peking, has
Bent invitations : to r several friends in De
troit her 'former, home, to attend the un
veiling of (the monuments to her. husband
in Berlin, i She hap personally superin
tended, the erection of the shaft.— Chicago
Chronicle. : > ' -^ -* • : , -"~
• Rev. : Louis :RIchter has been expelled
from the and excommunicated
from' .the 1 church V by 'the. Minneapolis
Presbytery for opposing the :, church's-po
sition in • regard to 'temperance and „ total
abstinence, i He was accused of carrying
his ' opposition 'to the point of publishing
matter for a local brewery and taking pay.
for.lt. : In - defense of himself he quoted
scripture.— Springfield- Republican. '- ¦• ,. • -
¦ The Union veterans of German birth are
to raise a fund for a monument to Gene
eral Freldrich Wilhelm von Steuben of
the American: Revolution/ to. be 'erected in
Washington;: D. C— Chicago Chronicle. \ ;
Carmontelle's portrait • from -the Chan
tilly collection ,' has been- reproduced in
heliogravure and 'published ih one volume
in Paris; 1 They, were made in the last for
ty years of the eighteenth ; century. • and
represent 561 Princes, : nobles, philoso
phers, "authors, \:actorsi- fine v ladles and
other persons of note at the time that im
mediately preceded the revolution.—Phila
delphia Times. '¦¦/.."-
The death " of -Mohammed ;Rechad, the
Sultan's? brother v and . presumptive suc
cessor, is > rather " sudden. - Ut ' looks .'as If
his taking : off might be due to an .over
dose of brotherly, solicitude.— Boston'- Her-'
aid.'. ;.-:.:. t './-\' r . ¦:. '¦ •-•' v .''-'¦''.
Two ' young men; from ; Turkey in ; Aslar
Manong r Khldichian; •» an • Armenian,' and
Yani Macrides, a Greek, will enter Roa
noke College, Salem, .Va.,r next ; autumn,
and after their ¦ graduation : from that In
stitution will, take; a theological course In
this country with a view. to becoming mls
slonariesiin their own • land.— Indianapolis
Bentlnel^..-/-.^: >¦•;¦¦¦.--;•¦¦:•.•. -^ .-'.. ,-y' ' • '
Items of Interest.
Public matters "to be considered include
the " matter - of Interchangeable I mileage
tickets on railroads west of Denver. Other
public: matters are the fixing of rates to
the, Trans»Miss}ssippi Congress at: St.
Paul In August, . when fifteen to twenty
.thousand ; people. 1 are expected there, and
the gathering of the Young People's
Christian';, Union of the IJnited Presbyte
rian, church, which is to meet In Los An
geles in 1903.. There, are also several other
Pacific - Coast gatherings ¦' next year ' to
which; special; -.rates'* will be. asked. • ' j .
: The Chamber of "Commerce is' planning
to j give the visitors'- all the.- entertainment
possible •> In .the '^ti me they/ are- here', and
has -Invited '• the-ratemakers^to.an-excur
sion qn the bay.-tepd ocean- on : .the steam
er Spokane, 'which' has /placed at the
disposal of the" Chamber/. : oh Tuesday
afternoon. <••: : . • '.
thing '••like "forty-three cases, none of
which* is of public interest, besides several
questions -which, are.^ All questions which
arise ,.as to rates which cannot be settled
by correspondence between the railroads
Interested- are. referred -to, this association
to settleat its quarterly gatherings. These
cases jmake. up what is, called the private
docket.; ¦•":.. '•:•.'•¦, .,;¦¦ ,'.-¦•{¦
But. the wily Virginian was not to be.
caught : off his guard: He had surmised
come such treachery, and when -the vil
lains burst in his cloor he "got his -Win
chester into action with such " effectlve
ressthat a. trio' of -very dead' darkies lay
upon his threshold, -y ' : -
.The archives of the State Department
tell the episode at length. No censure of
Judge Riley was forthcoming; because he
acted strictly in obedience of nature's
first law, : and the first lesson he taught
¦was-- 1 so ' impressive that no ; succeeding
Consuls of .Zanzibar were ever called on
.to do any shooting.' . '-f ' • '•• • ' •
,To enforce respect for. his official posi
tion Judge.' Riley had been, under the un- :
pleasant necessity -of. shooting a native.
This roused the resentment of the Queen
and she undertook, In person, to cut down
thepole. from .¦which; waved ,the United
States:- Mag, - Repeatedly .she was warned,
by 'C6rjs,ur- Riley to desist, " With female,
pertinacity she kept right on, and in or-,
der to make his remonstrance effective
the Consul fired upon the scantily clad
i-overeign.^ > - - ', • " ' • - •
She ran; to her palace screaming with
pain and anger, and native medical men
extracted numerous small "shot from her
august person.-* After'-thaf her Royal
Highness had it in for. the .Judge, and one
very, dark night sent .three of her. bravest
bolomen to encompass nis murder. '- •
The Judge/, when seen at the "New Wil
lard "recently and asked to tell the story,
smiled, but courteously declined giving
the details of his -firing upon the Queen of
Zanzibar and the subsequent killing of
three of .her Majesty's minions when they
.tried to 'invade the American Consulate
for the purpose of murdering htm. It all
happened »when. he was Uncle Sam's rep
resentative in that out-of-the-way part of
creation. : ' ; :
Gazing upon the benign countenance and
listening to the eloquent and polished. Ian-'
guage of Judge William Riley of Acomac
County, ¦ Va., one would never think that
this famous son of the Old Dominion was
in bygone days the hero of as thrilling
and sanguinary a scene as modern annals
reveal. '¦ .: . . .
VIBGINIA JUDGE WHO ' >
: SHOT ZA2TZIBAR QUEEN
"W. C. D. WILSON,
"Notary Public, Rensselaer County."
"This, deposition made, subscribed and
sworn to. by deponent on .a somewhat
frosty morning, 'to wit, November G, 1931,
before me, the Undersigned notary public,
being a companion in the joys and sor
rows of said deponent, to wit:
"Total "... .':... .'..-. I. •..-..-.JO 15
"And deponent finally makes oath that
the last above mentioned sum of 15 cents
is the total amount of money
by him either directly or indirectly in aid
of his election as aforesaid. V
"SEYMOUR VAN SANTVOORD.
'A clean : and incorruptible standard
bearer,. Seymour Van Santvoord's charac
ter is undimmed by defeat, says the Troy
Press. Brilliantly he exemplified an. of a.-,
torieal power and- a. -mastery of logic
equaled by few men . even ¦ in this great,
and -populous -commonwealth," and his .po
litical opponents as well as supporters
give him credit for a high ord,er of abil
ity. It is better to go- down gloriously
with a good cause than to win by the ab
horrent methods which darkened the re
cent election at many polling place*.
The following has been thed' with the
County Clerk by Mr. Van Santvoord:
V. "In the matter of the. statutory post
mortem of election expenses of Seymour
Van Santvoord, "The People's Candidate'
for Mayor of the city of Troy,. deceased.
Kensseiaer County, ss.: Seymour Van
Santvoord: of' Troy* N; Y.y being duly
sworn, says that he - was a candidate for
the office of. Mayor of the city of Troy,
voted for at a public election held in Troy,
N. Y.,on the 5th day of November, liwl,
and that the following itemized state
ment, which is in all respects full and
true,. shows all the moneys contributed or
expended by him, directly or indirectly,
either by himself or through any other
person, in aid of his election, to wit: •
"Paid United Traction Company for
returning car fare of deponent and
Candidate James H. -:'CaidweIl, de- '-.'
ceaged; on : the night of the- mass"
meeting when deponent "captured
the voters of South "Troy"...:........$0 10
"Paid United Traction Company , for
one fare on an occasion when de
ponent boarded a car of ' said com- ¦ ; -
pany to avoid meeting the Republi
can candidate for member of Assem
bly in the Second district, who de- :
ponent had reason to bjlieve expect
ed to ask him (.deponern) to vote for
Mayor Conway .'.- 05
"Contribution, -voluntary or otherwise,
to any election or other committee.. 00
to any party worker. . : 00
"Subscription to social organizations, -'
. including- 'Cheer Up' C1ud.;.~. -..00.
"Paid, to certain . enthusiastic gentle- ...
men who respectfully, .controlled va
- rious squads, companies and | regi
ments of voters :....:. ......:.......'... CO
His Inexpensive Campaign.
The Republican opposition to the bill, as
shown last Tuesday on the motion to go
into committee of the whole, Is in the
neighborhood of forty. Added to • the
Democratic vote, if solidly cast, the oppo
sition would have a clear majority of ten.
But the Republican leaders profess con
fidence in their belief that not enough of
the .Republican recalcitrants will go to
the lergth of voting to override the chair
to make with the Democrats a majority
of the House. Moreover, they assert that
•some of the Democrats themselves will
hesitate to adopt this method of getting
a. vote on a proposition which they con
tend is plainly not gerroain.
With every new move the "last ditch
S9" take new courage, and they begin the
second week of the debate more defiant
than ever. They are still laboring with ,
recalcitrants and- may be compelled to
again call in the services of the Presi
dent, who is watching the contest with
renewed anxiety.
When the measure is thrown open un
der the five-minute rule a great number
cf amendments will be otfered by the
Democrats, with a view of opening up a
way for amending the schedules of the
Dingley tariff law. It is known in ad
vance that all such amendments will be
held to be not germaln to the bill, whose
title provides for reciprocity with Cuba,
and that only amendments raising or low
ering the amount of the proposed conces
sion will be held to be in order. Appeals
will be taken from the rulings of the
chair on the general tariff amendments,
but it is certain that, with possibly one
exception, the appeals will be unsuccess
ful. That exception may be the-amend
ment : to take the • differential off refined
sugar. It is admitted on both sides of
the chamber that the real fight will come
on that amendment. A -number of Re
3>ublicans who are opposing the bill have
announced that they will vote to overrule
the chair on that proposition, and the
Democrats expect , to be able to cast a.
solid vote for it.
The weakness of the • position of the
friends of this proposition is that the test
will not come directly on the amendment,
but on the ruling of the chair. If a mo
tion to recommit, with instructions to re
port back such an amendment, is made, it
will be held not to be in order, under the
general theory of*parliamentary law that
the House cannot instruct the committee
to dp what it itself cannot do.
Strength of the Opposition. ; •-
President Watching Contest.
. .
¦ .'
Special Dispatch to The Call. . '' ' •
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April 13.— Cuba's
cause is in shcal water again,, and delay
is certain. ;> \-iy-\ ¦.
With adjournment less than two months
away, no date has been set for a vote in
the House. Names are still being added
to the list of speakers, already very long,
and, unwilling to trust the Democrats, to
whom they must look for help, the Ways
and Means leaders do not dare at present
to force a vote on limiting the debate.
The bill will reach the Senate when that
body Ib in the throes of another Philippine
debate, which will be followed by long
consideration of the isthmian canal bin.
When the steering committee finally a3»
signs Cuba a place on the calendar Sen
ator Burrows and his fellow obstruction
ists will then see that the contest is pror
longed.
Assuming that- the bill pass the Senate,
it will be well on toward June 1, and it
will come out in sucb form that its
fathers in the House will never be able to
recognize it. Then, will follow another
contest in conference committee, which
the Senate conferees probably will win,
and after that the fight must be fought
ail over again in the iiouse over the con
ference report. Add to all. this an undis
guised desire on the part of the Demo
crats to let the Republicans go before the
voters next fall without Tiaving relieved
Cuba, and the dangers ahead only multi
ply, since the Democrats hold the key to
tbe situation in the House-
General Brooke, during the Civil War ren
dered equally' meritorious service " with Gen
eral Miles; General ' Brooke was the first to
obtain a commission and throughout the Civil
War he retained his advantage, ending the
war as General Miles" senior. After peace
came. General Miles was promoted over Gen
eral Brooke's head. " • :•" i
i As General Brooke will necessarily hold th»
position but a brief period before hia retire
ment for age. General S. B. M. Young is like
ly to succeed General Brooke and General
Chaffee's promotion will follow two years
hence. ¦-..... ... . .. .-x« '',.-.'
. . In other words,' the general has himself reo
ommended and profited by the very action
which his friends now fear may be taken at
¦his expense. If he should go out before Gen
eral Brooke is retired. General Brooke, who l»
General Miles' senior both in service and In j
age. . and who did gallant . and distinguished
wcrK as a .volunteer in the Civil War. would
undoubtedly be put in his place as lieutenant
general, as It is known that the administra
tion has been very desirous of recognizing
General Brooke's long and faithful service.
A3 some of General Miles" friends have said ¦
that It would be unfair to retire him, ..-.¦ tt •
should be said in the first place that h« se
cured his promotion to a brigadier general
ship only through the similar forced retire
ment of General Ord, he himself being Jumped
over by a number of his senior officers In tha
vacancy .thus created; " and. In. the second .
place, that the ..only, action of the ' kind tak?n
by President. Roosevelt I since he has f been in
office was in the case of Colonel Noyes, who
was compulsorlly retired after reachlrfg the
aigti. of 62, on the recommendation of General
Miles. - ' . ¦ •--•'-
.Gti'eral Mile? and Secretary Root. ¦ At pres
ent -Secretary- Root has on his shoulders a
heavier burden • than any other, member . of
the administration. No man lesa strong could .
carry- it at all, and now, -at the very titn»
when he requires the most loyal support of
every subordinate who -wishes well to the
army and the nation, he lias to spend much .
of his strength in meeting' the opposition of
thi commanding general, if General Miles is
retired it will be simply because, after a pa-' '
titnt trial. President Roosevelt feels that on
the highest ethical grounds his retention would
work grave. and lasting Injury to the army as
a whole. •¦'"¦". - ' '- • ¦'¦
The Question is not a personal one between
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The issues
are ' fairly joined between the lieutenant
general and the Secretary of War. The
troubles which began long agd under* the
Cleveland' administration have ' finally'
reached so critical a stage that a com- .
pulsory retirement of ' General Miles at '
an early date is an open secret, and it Is
not denied at the White House. In expla
nation of President Roosevelt's position,
one of his close friends, who unquestion
ably speaks by authority, said:
Gives Reasons for. the Proposed
Action and Enumerates -the
Promotions That Are
to Follow^.;
Conference.
"Will Beach the . Senate . I*ate in Ses
sion and if Passed Will Again
Be Fought Over in
CHICAGO, April 13.— It Is possible that
the future Marchioness of Townshend
lives in Chicago. Her identity may be
made known to herself as well as to the
world within a few days, for John James
• Dudley Stuart' Townshend; a marquis of
undent lineage and a nephew of the Duke
of Fife, is here looking for her. ' .
Townshettd has letters of identification
to Mrs. Potter Palmer and ex-Congress
man George E. ; Adams. The Marquis,
who weighs about 100 pounds, is accom
panied by a. private secretary and has. a
| suite of rooms at tho Auditorium. He has
an estate in Norfolk, near Sandringham.
He would like to have Improvements made
on . the place 'and desires also a",- London
home, and if any Chicago millionaire has
a' daughter to whom he would be willing
to give a dowry sufficient for these pur
poses the Marquis -would be .'pleased to
communicate with him. •. ¦¦• . .
' *.*I do admire American 1 girls," admitted
his lordship. "Now, I will not -iay that
I am deliberately seeking an American
wife. I will say this, however, 1 would
not run away from a handsome,- well-bred
young America^ woman. I am 35 years
old and 'have never been married.""
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In • the West Thirty-seventh district,
where the trouble started two weeks ago.
the same condition prevailed.' The police
Were active, the saloons closed and the
Raines law hotels doing a big business.
¦There was but. one arrest in daylight
hours. In the other parts of the city
somewhat similar conditions- prevailed.
The police of this district were very ac
tive as well, and there, was but a small
attempt to do business. : Up to 8 o'clock
in the evening there had not been an ar
rest in this precinct for violation of the
excise law." . . : : ¦' .
NEW YORK, April 13.— The New Yorker
who wanted a drink of intoxicating liquor
to-day discovered that the enforcement 01
the excise law, through the - combined ef
forts of the 'uniformed police and * the
members of the State Liquor Dealers' As
sociation, had assumed ¦ several i new as
pects/ The first -was y that while it was
much harder than here toforo to get a
drink in a saloon holding merely a liquor
tax" or a' certificate"; It was mmch easier to
obtain one in a Raines law 'hotel. ' The
buyer also found that while last Sunday
be was served either with a plate of
cheese and' crackers: with" his drink' or
was given a sandwich, to eat or not, as
he " choose, to-day I he . could . not buy a
drink, without also buying a sandwich.
Saloon men who were seen during. the
day seemed to believe that the police.ac
tivity had much to do with the saloons
being kept tightly • closed, for the most
part, and argued that the hotel men -were
doing more business " because they had
been studying what they could and could
not , dp with impunity. The Raines law
hotels throughout the city were, as a rule,
exceedingly well patronized. ;'¦ .
In the- tenderloin district there were
very few ' places without . a hotel license
that made any attempt ¦ to ' do ' business.
The district, -it was said, was closea tight
er than had been known in years. ' The
plan; of selling in rooms overhead the sa
loon and similar ruses were .done away
with', seemingly - for the • reason that the
dealers thought the trouble too great and
the compensation -too small, v .
Authoritative Statement la
Made by a Friend of
Nephew of the Duke of Fife
Is Looking 'for a Future^;
•Marchioness.
by Its Opponents in'
the IJouse.
Outlook for Passage of
the Measure Is Not
Bright.V
It May Be "Talked to Death"
General Brooke Will Be
come Army's Rank
ing Officer.
New York's Thirsty Procure
Liquor by Purchasing
/Sandwiches.
Dispense Sunday Drinks
While Saloons Are
#£" Closed.
English Marquis Arriv*
With Hs Title but
¦
Little Money, v
Prominent Offid^
S.Will Meet in San : Diego and Revise. Schedu T es*
TARIFF BILL
FOR CUBA IN
ABEYANCE
HOTELS PBOFIT
BY EXCISE LAW
RATEMAKERS OE THE RAILROADS
TO HOLD IMPORTANT CONFERENCE
WANTS A WIFE
WITH A DOWRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; APRIL. 14, 1902.
4
PRESIDENT
DECIDES TO
OUST MILES
. -- '. '...USE? ' ' -'_'¦ . --'
F*r BiHous and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach. Sick Headache, ,
Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills,
Flushings of Heet, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costi veness, Blotches on the 5kin,
Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and ail Nervous and Trembling Sensation*. &c. The
First Dose wilt give Relief tn Twenty Minutes. ThS is no fiction. Every
offerer is^earnestly Invited to try one Box of These Mils, and theywlU be acknowledzed
••*• "W<WT|IApiflNEA A BOX." BEECH AM'SPiLLS. ti&en as directed, will
quickly restore Females to complete health. They prompUy, remove any obstruction or
Irregularity of the system. v For a - - ; '¦•,". "".I- ..•'."»
, Weak Sfcmach; Impaired Digestion 5 Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a few doses will work wonders tipon the Vital Organs ; Strengthen^ '¦. . '
iaz the muscular 6ystem; restorinif th« long-lost Complexion : bringing back the keen-
edge of appetite, and arousing with the Rosebud of Health the whole PMeloml r"
Epor&y of the human trame: These are "facts" admitted by thousands, in all classes '
of society, and or.e-of the best guarantees to the- Nervous and > Debilitated 'is that — '
Beeahatn'a Pills havo tho I argent 'Salo of any Patont Mediolno In thm ¦
World* Fnll directions -with each box. ; • - ...••-¦ -.- , • .. . i- ..-,
Prepared only by THOMAS BEECH AM, St. Helens, England 365 Canal St., New York.:
COM Everywhere, in Boxes, 1O cents and 25 cents.
; : CALTHOS" :^
Prof. I^orde's Marvelous French Cure fbrLost Dfenlwo<t
> / FIVE DAYS' TRIAIvTOEATMENt
Sent Absolutely Free .
WSSMmmM?*^ ; By Sealed IVSail,
I TO ALL SUFFERERS.
m c - 0. D. OR PRESCRIPTION SCHEME.
! iSv'S'SsMl*"^ % //^tt M^ eonl yP"P«ritionlraowaio«<rfMe«wUch»«nyenM«lAll
r K&$%S$W. " : /v\5 r // « . Manhoodls - OAJiXHOS." tao marr.lons French rained? dl«of-
W£3$!&'W Ay^'^y/, f^ «r«i by Prof. Jnl»« Laborda. It ia controlled in thia coantry by
KiWi*Xar /$$&&// 1 1 ' , Vo " Mohl Coniranj, of Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern whioa oc
'•ffiB£$S*H' J$& ! 3&-///l Cnplss * hl8h ana h °n°«b'e Pla<» 'n *&• world of meJidao, It ia
Fap?-/SH*;4 &&¦•£££'// i I, I one of tho largest and most responsiblo house* ia Cincinnati. a«
pIfH*! KHVr>^7/ aarone who la acquainted ia that city wiil testify.
fcilf^M mc" 1^* on MoM O° m P»ay teTitea all men anffeTing'rro^- Loat
F^Mf« \Wlt\\ \\ Manhood, Spermatorrhcea, Voricocelo, Woaineas of any naturein
¦g|»'1 V 771 SL^^Ps 3 *" AtterMl « H flT* day. the suffer.^ $M £1
K^vfiaX. V '/ ?w ta Uwrir or ?*° 8 ' Mw '°ro» la their mnaela.. new blood in
JSI|&^::&>:SL^ ; I / V ."»« *«««». «»w embitlon. and rapid procnea toward tho buoyant
{^/^••^^¦••S'"lPSU/ I J, \ foe.xngs and sensations of youngsr days.
W4$$&%$! : '"*** " " tWI/ 1 TU« liberal frea offar Is gonutne. There la no swindling C O.I>.
BiitEft&a&iar '-¦>¦ " • J<^- 1**^ v «f-»wj«ipUon scheme eoaaeoted with it. Th«ftT»d»ya' tiwatm.nt
IBS^y^'SB TI^T ' alTfaHorin^ f a V tO M U ° n roquemt ' »™PV»d In a plain package.
pA \ ?« I ' prlnt<Kl l. n * trTlctionstccon3 P I "»Ttno medicine, to that aaca .-
fc?A patient bscomas hia own doctor and ooraa Umaelf at horns. '.
W5^'H&&8m, '^' -«&**••**¦ "i It doesn't make any differeaco T?hat caused th« we«Aa*»-
'SS^&TO-lEa i^S\ whether bad habits in yonth, or essesa, or orerwork, or business
BmpN^Sw J^M U^. a dU *a.se mij*b?e°ned b" f^ * ""' D ° m " U " "*" ** **'*'
W&&&$M&B 'J*&m$Q 0 «,^T V0Q Com P an » *w«ta all corrwipondenoe la perfect
'W&t&'& : m& rfa*$V$!/ A • ' f?^ 00158 - Under no conditions will it mais pabllo the name* ot
B»&& ««¦ ' HOT 7 ' / '"'• . "** """"anda who hafo writtea testimonials telling of their !»•
• £Ki#'*"&''vf5*(ifc S6*SS I K- .' atoration to robust manhood, after other medicine* and appliance*
f§5Si : .:i*-*ii«*? lf5-$a I M- ¦ *° PT V^ worthless. " CAXTEOS " U regularly used In the Ger-
: BaBf^-ISBW' 'mmif fc& : •- man and Frsnch armies, and the soidier. tn those coantriea har,
K^i>V-JH^vJ ''M&3Bf /v -: " CCp19 Perfect modsls of strength and ritality. Curea aro af.
(^S ; "ilS^Wl JreSrr I ' E^" V focted at all a?«sfro-ai twenty to eighty ysars. Thero ia no caae (ex-
lay i'.i jBSmtm f-£3».% \ &^V cept where the stnge of epilspsy or insanity has been reached)
/K&vil IV \\ k fc^5-J-?!^ t , whieaitwi11 not rndicnlly.quiclcly and permanently enre. Sexual
*3t£r -'¦'. .'•-¦ J - V V^Tv*>532!V 'weaknaw does not enre itaejf. It srowa worn from weak to wa*k.
. -• v ' '*• ¦^trtJJ'' Each day aegrarates the mental and physioal ansniah.
. yo^oreof th.^icWe^Upurch^i^
out.i Toa can aend yoar name la the tall knowledge that itwillb. kept from aU. The "CALTHO8^toiar2
\ ment ot w business ia atrietly oonfidential. Address applieations for trial treatmaareta, to' *^
1 * U6 Y Vii 1UUU1 IAS, 000 D, Prop«rf>«on» la tao Unit-ua st»te«. L111C1DI13 IL 0of the gang who will be implicated by it.
"Kid" Goucher and "Brownie," two oth
ers Qf,the gang, are still at large.
.Detective Wren .and' Policeman Taylor
say that; they had no trouble with- the
prisoner on the return journey. They left
Fort -Williams Monday morning and were
cqntinuously on the road until last night.
one of the -alleged \ mur- • \
.- ' derers .of j . .
. '.Eugene' robinson."? " :• '". ¦•-'¦
SAN JOSE.. April 13.— Hiram T. Graves,
a Mystic. S.hriner of San : Francisco, who
came to San- Jose last night to attend the
banquet meeting, was taken seriously
lll'at'the Hotel Venddme at noon to-day.
The. physician, who; attended him pro
nounced it a case of acute indigestion.
Graves Is ;confined to . his : bed, . but his
condition ' Is s'o improved to-night that he
wlllv be; taken to San Francisco to-mor
row.'' ' '
Shriner Hiram Graves Taken HI.
STOCKTON, April 13.— The Rev. Dr. W.
C. '- Evans, ' paetbr ! of the • Central Meth
odist , Episcopal Church. of this city, an
nounced to-day at the close of the regu
lar • morning. ' service' that . the : mortgaged
indebtedness of $15,000 .upon the church
had been . : raised. . Bishop J. W." Hamilton
of : Saiv Francisco . thereupon suggested a
thanks : offering and $325 more was given
by. the members of/^the large congregation
present. 'The.' total' amount -raised Is $15,
47»,: added to which Is $S0O given by a
woman' of the congregation, upon which
the church is to pay ; her an annuity of 7
per cent yearly" during: her lifetime.
Stockton Church \ Mortgage. Raised.
KESWICK; 'April 13.^Happy Valley will
have: to pay,.$2000 and get nothing la re
turn but experience. . It- Is a small com
munity -near -Keswick*. devoted entirely to
raising fruit. About ten years >aeo it at
tempted '- to^ establish " an irrigation dis
trict. Nothing yras done but to make pre
liminary stirveys j and- employ a lawyer.
Warrants of. over $1000 were issued and In
'time fell into the possession of a Red
Bluff bank. As an innocent purchaser the
bank ' demanded payment. - The Happy
Valley rajdehers," few in number, for years
staved the' matter oft. ¦ ¦ " .
In a suit brought by the bank, the court
has Just-' commanded the ' Supervisors to
levy, a special tax on 'the district to pay
the claim," which now, with accrued in
terest, amounts to ?2000. -. , .'.;"'
* wick Have -Irrigation Demands
: '. ¦ to Settle.-
Court Decides -That People H"ear Kes-
HAPPY ; VAXLEY FABMEBS
. i MUST PAY THE '• CLAIM
When .the union men saw these facts
published they, objected.' There will be
many meetings and much talk. before the
affair :1s ; arranged satisfactorily to all
parties, but it is evident- that should the
executive committee desire the assistance
of the union men here the Chinese must
be ."told! that they are not wanted, despite
the fact .that they have already gone to
•much; expense - and trouble - to carry out
their part, of the programme as arranged
for, them. *. :/ - • - - ; j
The Chinese merchants. of the city, after
much solicitation. on- the part of the ex
ecutive,-committee of the fiesta, agreed
to join 'in the affair -and plans are now
underway for the transportation here o£
an immense dragon from Los Angeles.
¦\yh*eh' the. meeting was 'called; to order,
however, '.there.. was ?but. • a -'corporal's
guard . present, .and before- the carnival
executive committee- could get to the
Courthouse, where the meeting was held,
the few union men there had taken' their
departure.: They, refused, arid- refused ab
solutely ; to take part In the parade or
assist -in- the. affair In any manner what
soever, if the Chinese are ' permitted to
havea section in the street show.
BAKERSFIELD, 'April 13.— The execu
tive committee of the proposed free street
carnival to be held in this city from<?Iay
3, to. May/ 10 has a problem on Its hands
which; is:: causing . much discussion, 'some
unpleasant feeling and not a little worry.
This Is all . brought about by' the an
tipathy j to the . Chinese of the unions of
this city, which have made extensive prep
arations' to : take part in tho parade j and
which . held a meeting this morning to
determine what, further steps should be
taken- in- order to make . their section of
the affair a decided success. " ~\ ¦
Special" Dispatch to The CaXL
Carnival * Committee Con-.
Problem.
fronted With a Delicate
Bakersfleld Unions Ol>
; ject to Street Fair
¦i:h '•'. - ; ;- Feature.
NO MARCHING
WITH CHINESE
; The Increased use of telephones in ? I^on-"
don has ; greatly diminished ithe demand
for hansoms. 'That- is easily; undcrstood,
for business: men, -to whojn ¦ time;, is -pre-'
clous, ; no \ longer haVe to ' drive x hurrledly
to' this or that offlce/SBBBBB^Ei^SiS^
; \ STOCKHOLM,. Sweden. ;; April \ 13.*-^At- a J
meeting?of ''the/Conjarress of Swedish .: So- J
claHst.a," held" hereHo^day.'jit'. was ."resolved 1
to \ organize, meetings; every * Sunday.; in lall •
Swedish y.towns : and ito ' ag}ta.te' a. I
general ? strike ; for ; the j purppse^of. obtain-"'
ihgr - u nlversal * suffrage j by . Brihtel ng - pres-' '
surejtOjbear.upon'-Pariiarnent.-^After^.tiie:]
report' of the parliamentaryj committee on
suff ragevis^published* the; socialist-: meet
ings .wiH.be, held daily," and- the strike will' I
begin when iParliament' begins "the debate
Big; Strike : Is Threatened ;¦ in Sweden!
The practice of cutting, bank" notes In •
half and sending them In two separate en- '
vclopes is much followed-ln England,' but'
in the United- States -the-; Federal - laws
prohibit: the mutilation of currency. The',
low rate by which money can be trans- i
mitted through a money order does away :
with the necessity of mutilating the cur
rency. The -case Is the first which - has :
attracted * the, attention of - the officers '
of the secret ' service for a " Ions' time.—
The Denver secret service officers we're
surprised the other day by being asked
to redeem a five-dollar bill . which had
been cut in half. They were waited on by
a gentleman who stated that he. Owed -a
man' $5. In- order to do away -with the
possibility of the money belngr. lost, he de
cided to send' the-, money in separate
pieces."- • " ' . ... '¦•,-.•¦•>>
He cut the bill In two pieces and mailed
one of them. Then he waited for a. reply
from his ; friend, but - was Burpriged . to
learn that the half bill had not^been re
ceived. He supposed .that he would - be
paid $5 by the Denver secret . service ' offli
ccrs. Instead, he was informed * that h°
had * violated a lav/. He ¦ was very much
disappointed and stated that In the 'future
he would purchase money < rdcrs when. he'
wanted to send money, by mail. .V' ¦.-¦ •-.
Parsimony Comes to Grief.
Lady barbers were not unknown to
Shakespeare, who knew everything.
When Pandarus saw Helen of Troy, ex
amining the fifty-two, hairs which com
posed the sparse beard of Troilus he could
net "choose but laugh to think how. she
tickled his chin with her marvellous
white hand." And did not the -Shraw^
Intimate to : Hortensio that she might
"comb his . noddle with < a three-] eg&eil
stool"?— a proceeding well calculated • to
make each particular hair stand on end.
Finally. Shakepeare knew all , the re
quirements • cf a first-class shop. "Have
napkins about you" Is the advice in
"Macbeth," and -Grumio's injunction ! i?,
"Let the heads be "sleekly • combed- and
the blue coats brushed." Every barber
has an "oily palm," of course, and, like
Richard III, is often "at charges :¦•: for
a looking glass." . Unlike • Mercutlo, he
will not -"quarrel with a man that hath
hair mote or less in his beard.'' ¦
The attention ...of . supporters of the
Bacon cipher cult Js j respectively called
to this "mask." - .
Although no barber appears . In the
great throng of personages high" and
low. wise and " foolish, who come upon
Shakespeare's stage, there is no lack of
tonsorial Jingo. "I must, to the barber,
monsieur," says Bully 'Bottom,' "for me
thinks I am. marvellously -hairy- about
the face"; and Bardolph, according to
Falstaff, was shaved once, and "lost
many a hair." Marc Antony was a great
patron of the shop and a stickler for
a close shave, "being barbered ten times
o'er" upon one occasion when he callod
upon Cleopatra. In "Corlolanus" Mar
cius exclaims with professional ardor,
"O. let. me clip ye," whereat * one is re
minded, of Petruchio's "Here's snip and
nTp-and cut and slit- and slash." - i.«
There must have been \ shampooing,
too, in -Will Shakepeare's shop, t else
why, did Iago say, "1 have rubbed ' llit-s
young quat-almo«t to the sense!" Ham
let's "Ay, there's the rub," expressed
his satisfaction in 'the soothing process,
and as the barber hastened '• his "knotted
and combined ¦ locks to part," mayhap
he fell asleep, "perchance ..to dream,"
under the soporific ¦ touch " of tonsorial
¦digits. ; --, '¦¦:'>¦:¦.:-'¦, ¦:,„¦¦.¦¦;.¦
> NEW- YORK,/ April v -,13.— Fifty persons
had narrow escapes from drowpirijr to-ri->v
when, a gangplank leadlng>tch k'floatat the "•'
foot- ot West :Fortyrsecond' street broke; ili;
two," thrbwlhg' fifteen fashionably /dre'ssed,
men' aridr. : women.- into the^North' River,"
twenty ..into launches 1 "arid .Towboats. be-',
rieath tlie gangplank^ and fifteen, upon the
float.- >With;- several; hundred others 'they -
had 1 gone';to 'the .river to.be 'taken jto- the";
Austrian cruiser. Szlgetvar. -now 'anchored ,
Jh: the stream. '' Great' confusion followed'
tho; : accident. *•;. Fortunately-- ttiefe'v.werc
launches; and ', rowbpats ' in^the {immediate
vicinity ' and ¦ the" work V of ; rescue ¦ was be-'
guri at once: It Was fifteen minute's,'how-'
ever,- bsforQ , the last; person was- taken
from'the river.' :.\ All "were in an exhausted
condition and many, had- sustained- Injuries
about ' the ¦ h.ead ; and body. . .The I majorl ty
were, retativesand -"friends of. the 'Austrian
officers.. ",/ ;;/:'.,/.;•, ¦;..¦:.¦•'. •,'/¦,••.'•, r o •-,-:_
Thrown Into .thV -North
i'i v../.v? B,iver.-; > -.^ it\iC^
Gangplank v Breaks .; \ and ¦ They . . • Ars
FIITTY : PEBSOl^S NA^HOWLY ¦ ", )
. /, ESCAPE- BEING DB,OWNED;|
The/police' have .'the .';-Im,'nressidn L 4that
Kaufm{in ; .will make a statement that will
disclose ¦ all hov knows 'concerning 'the
•murder, and there may • be seme others
'.To! Captain [ SeymouTi 'he '- was "• almost
equally guarded in .¦•¦his replies, but head
mitted -that he : : went '.'-north ¦ In' company'
with. Frank. -Woods,,,; alias:. ,"St. j Louis:
Frank," who was 'wounded in the head,
and -i.whbmMie ,left..at Portland; .Wnods
was brought back five weeks, ago and is
In"-~a- cell- nt ;the • City ; Prlso'n." -He' sahl
that -he. and Woods 'took .the ,• night -train
for'Portland on January 27,' 'managing to
elude : the .-vigilance of -the .detectives': who
were supposed to.be watching all, the out-
BOinpr I trains." Ho .would; not explain ; iii
detail tho; manner, of . his, and7 his : com
rade's escape. .'/' "'. ' '.' ' " ¦.; . ¦;
Prison -last -night 'he '.seemed i.to 'ibej.ln? a,
pleasant -mood.' He was cqurteous, not
withstanding th6 - fact Hhat- he^hadi been;;
awakened out ,of, a .sound, slumber 'after,
a tedious" and almost ale'eples's journey • of
six. days. He, explained, that he;was In a
peculiar -condition /arid, asked "that he 1 be
given .time, to" think: over ihis-posltion'-be--.
fore he. should be -.subjected . to <an inter
view.:? He- admitted -.khowirig 1 the : three
other ; men -who ,are.nowi in* the-tanfka,
charged with' complicity in the^sHpckln'g
mirrder r. of •.Policeman: .Rbblnson, ;<but"
beg-ged away -from"' further. Questioning,- j.
Ha said he would be prepareS'to. 'make a
statement,of some- kind .in- a day!, or. two,
but at'-prcsent all he wanted 'to say was
that he, was entirely. Innocent of -the crime
for which ; he was brought back.; ' -.';. •:;-
, The ; intention 13 to 'establish^ a"; coast
Wireless telegraph station ': here similar,, to
those planned at Santa CataHrurand-Sah
Pedro for the purpose primarily of speak
ing ships at sea. : Presidents New, said
that -he thought the company, would~ have
all three. of the stations .'.in operation'" iri
live : or possibly four/ months. 'He 'said
that the-plan of the . American ' Wireless
Telephone ¦; > and . ; Telegraph f^r Company,
which is the. parent, concern, ,1s to 'place
a station at the top.of Cuyamaca Moun
tain, and another near Yuma.aV parts of
a transcontlnental'ovcrland system. 1 ,' .The
plan Is to follow the ¦¦ Colorado-". RlveY- as
far as Is possible so; as to , use the. power
of the swiftly. .flowing. current? to generate
electric power. The / , stations : » will •" . be
placed on .the mountain - top3 .reaching
from Point Loma to the' Atlantic' sfi>
board headquarters: - '¦ . ;--u.-. : .' ,. •'¦¦,
SAN DIEGO,- April 13.— General Man
ager Albert L. New" of, 1 the Continental
and Pacific Wireless "Telephone and. Tele-:
graph Company. left for the north to-day,
after j making', arrangements for : purchas
ing and^puttingup a guarantee .* for" a
tract of land on. the higher u portions , of
Point'. Loma,, The iand Js'just : south of
the property- of , the Point .Lioma 7 : home^
stead and comprises .several acres: '.'The
purchase, price agreed upon 'was' $20 ,00O.V..
Whereupon to- Build a
'. . Station. s • ; -
Company to Buy. Land at Point Lom.i
WIBELESS TELEGEAiPHY- .-: -
. ON SAN DIEGO COAST
When ¦ he was interviewed, at tha .City
Would Disclose Nothing".
Kaufman is a man about-. 32. years of
age, smooth-shaven and . not. unpleasant
looking. He. says he .is a cook by occu
pation, but owing to an Injury s»o his" left
hand he has been unable to- follow "hife
business. . Of late he ; has -been- following
the trade of a street peddler. In "hobo"
circles' he is known a3- "St. -Louis Fat,"
the name being given. \ l 6 him owing to his
huge bulk./* He weighs. 260 pounds.
It was found impossible' to'removc. the
leg irons," as the key had'.been broken In
the lock at Fort Williams/ and i the I pris
oner was. compelled to >sleejMn them last
night. lie .'objected- strongly .to this, as
the gyves had sunk deeply- Into his ankles
and were causing, him niuch pain. On
account of it being Sunday • the services
of a locksmith could not be secured, read
ily last night. r \ • •'•'- ; . . ¦ ¦ i
Slept in His Irons.
At the ferry 'slip elaborate 'precautions
had ', been taken in •. the' way of ' securing
immunity from' Interference.' A double
line of . uniformed 'policemen from "tha
harbor station kept the .curious. -throng
that had gathered, from any. contact with
the prisoner.. The ,. patrol .. wagon , was
backed, right ,up to the slip so that when
Kaufman, disembarked from.- the ferry he
stepped directly . into the-.wagon. ¦ It ,wa3
uriven at full speed, to, the : 'Hall. of;' Jus-:
tlce and. Kaufman' was at once taken Into
the office of Captain Seymour," where he
was given an - opportunity-' *; to make- a
statement if he saw fit. ' .» '..-.-
SHACKLED and guarded on ..every
hand to prevent the. least possi
bility of rescue or, -escape, Louis
Kaufman, one of the quartet ac
cused .of ' murdering. Policeman
Eugene Robinson on the'morning of 'Jan
uary 21, arrived in San.,- Francisco last '
night. He. was accompanied , from '.Fort'
Williams, Ontario, where he was .cap
tured, by Detective Ed Wren and. Police
man Taylor, and at the Sixteenth-street
station at Oakland Detectives Dinah and
Freel Joined the praty. "'., ; : ;.'.. ¦¦[¦'. ..'•'•''
In considering the theory . that - Shake
speare was a barber it must be remem
bered that his father was a wool comb
er, says a writer in the Kansas City Jour
nal. This is a strong point, as the two
professions seem to be cognate. Further
more, among the innumerable - ways of
spelling the poet's name we find "Shak
berd" or "Shaxberd," and these vari
ants have a" peculiar significance; * For
it is plain as a pikestaff that in the un
settled orthography of the period they
are simply Shakebeard, a descriptive ap
pellation that needs no comment. It
points as -directly to the barber shop as
Smith to the smithy. And it is curious
in this connection to find the -king in
"Hamlet" saying:
You n:ust not think
That ive are made of stuff so flat and dull
That we can let our beard be shook. '
WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE
MAY HAVE BEEN /A BABBEB
RENO. New, April 13.— George C. Char
lott of Helena, Ark., died jon an eastbound
train this morning between here and
Truckee. He Is said to have come from
Australia, on the last steaxner. It 1« ru
mored that he died of bubonic plague. The
body turned black immediately after
death. Charlott was a dealer in glass
ware in Arkansas. He was about 35 years
old. . . .
Mysterious I>eath on a Train.
The contests of the San Francisco Fly
casting Club at Stow Lake, Golden Gate
Park, yesterday, attracted an unusual at
tendance of members. H. C. Golcher
again cast the greatest distance, sending
out 124 feet of line. W. D. Mansfield was
best in accuracy and delicacy casting. He
was beaten by J. B. Kenniff In lure cast
ing by a small percentage. The complete
scores follow:
KenniflE and Others Make High
Scores in Various Contests.
H. C. Golcher, W. D. Mansfield, J. B.
FLYCASTEBS PEBF0E.M
WELL AT STOW LAKE
The change in the direction of the road
near Wadsworth is causing much de
pression among the residents, and many
cf them are already offering their prop
erty for an extremely low figure. Ac
cording to the new survey Wadsworth,
a town of n«arly 1500 inhabitants, will
be placed more than three miles : from
the new track. As the town depends
entirely upon the railroad for suppcrt,
the division repair shops giving employ
ment to many men, it probably will be
wiped from the maps when the course
of the road Is altered. The shops," it Is
rumored, will be rebuilt in Reno, and
the division *»xtrndefl farther oast.
The cost of the construction of this
lengthy piece of bridgework will be
$5,wu,0o0. The entire length of the cut
off will be 1U4.4 miles, and it will save
41.1 miles and several heavy grades over
the promontory. The Utah Construction
Company is now at work on the urst
section, including fourteen miles of
trace from Ogden to the lake shore,
trading will be rusned from Lucin within
h week, and the material for the trestles
is rapidly piling up in the railroad yards.
The manner m which tne immense
htretch of bridgework will be placed has
nut yet definitely been decidea, but the
contractors will have their plans laid
out before the new track reaches the lake
shore. It will take more than two years
to complete the cut-off, and nearly low
men will be employed upon it.
The railroad track at Elko will be
moved in oraer to do away with a curve
just below the town. When the work is
aone the present depot a.nd hotel will
be torn down and a new passenger and
freight depot erected on the site of the
old freighi depot.
Mr. Patterson, right-of-way agent for
the Southern Pacific Company, is in town
arranging for a right of way for a new
line to be constructed between Osino
and the North Fork, "i The survey, as
adopted at the San Francisco offices of
the company, strikes northeast from
Osino in an air line, then makes one
long curve and runs southeast to the
North Fork. The distauce between Osi
no and the North Fork is about six
miles by the section lines. The old road
between the points is full of curves and
heavy grades. The new line cuts ov.t
the curves, and the grades are overcome
by tunnels 4100. 2590 and 1700 feet in
length. The new line will save fully one
third of the distance and all the grade.
ELKO, New, April 13.— The extensive
Improvements that are being made by
the Southern ' Pacific Company from one
end of its route to the other involve sev
eral • wonderful feats of engineering.
After the tunneling of the Sierras for
a distance of rive miles the construction
of the Ogden-Lucin cut-on! is the n?ost
iniportant. A trestle will be run across
the northern end of the great Salt Lake,
and will pa£» over the water a dlstar.ee
of ten miles. The undertaking is excit
ing interest in all the leading engineer
ing centers, anU is the result of a con
ference on the part of many experts.
Spec's! Dispatch to The Call.
.'iiie companies in which Hewitt is the
largest stockholder are producing coke
near Tacoma and now building several
hundred additional ovens. He is calling
for bids on a 20a-ton blast furnace and
intends starting construction work on the
Tacoma tide flats this summer. ,
For three years past President Hill of
the Great Northern has had experts
scouring Montana. Idaho and Washington
for iron ore bodies. They found some low
grade iron, but nothing comparing with
that of the British Columbia Islands.
That the islands contained some iron
has been known tor years, but not until
Hewitt began Investigation was tne ex
tent of tne. ¦ deposits - even- dreamed of.
Tests made unuer the auspices of the
Northern Pacific Hallway. over two years
ago showed that the product of these
ranges comprises the finest kind of.bes
semer iron because of the almost .abso
lute absence of phosphorus. Adjacent to
the iron ledges are found great bodies of
limestone.
The most important deposits have been
secured at low figures by purchase out
right or by options by men who have un
dertaken the establishment of an- im
mense iron and steel plant. At the head
of the syndicate , is .Henry Hewitt, tne
largest individual owner of timber lands
in this .State. . i?'or .three. weeKs. he, .with
cruisers and experts, has been out on d
British tug . mating further explorations
and securing options.
TACOMA, "Wash., April 13.— The most
important mineral discovery of years has
been made during the past sixty days.
Great bodies of hematite, magnetic and
specular iron ore have been uncovered on
numerous islands of British Columbia and
Southeastern Alaska.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
preparations Made for De
velopment of a Big
Industry:-
From the Road.
Survey for a Cut-off Leaves
Wadsworth Three Miles
Syndicate Discovers Rich
Deposits in the
North.
Southern Pacific Under
taking Arouses Much
Interest.
FINDS FORTUNE
IN ISLAND IRON
TRESTLE ACROSS
GREAT SALT LAKE
'• • ¦ . : : • '* *¦ "* - -. '¦-¦¦'¦ - ¦ ¦- ... -
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO :GA^
Fourth Member 'c, of ¦ Gang That^^ Main J
tains Silence When Questioned- at Headquarters* ;
LOUIS KAUFMAN IN HEAVY IRONS
IS SAFELY LANDED IN THE TANKS
5
C > Delicacy. .. ' r
T — 5 — 5~ "a 5
?I £" 3 s 2^ <">£
CONTESTANTS. :•*< §!< o 3 -o' • = £
r r jt2 v< • ¦* r =
. . 3^ a- n : a
• ¦ • *^ »• . . tq
C
Delicacy.
Kalght -73 88.4 75 • |74.2 74.7 1...
Hattu 9191.8 84.4 75 79.8 75
Turner ...J S7 S2.J 04 175.10 84.5
Daverkosen .... »7 89 B4 180.10 87.5 ....
Blade SI 82.4 82 t«3.4 72.5 ....
Brooks 96 94 82.3 65. 1Q 72.2
Kierulff 76 87.4 00.4 67.6 78.2
Brotherton 102 90.4 03 73.4 S3. 2 91. S
Tormey 72 7.>.4 ¦.
Mansfield 95.4 9314 90.10J92.8 90.2
Kennlff ........ 100 S3.8 91.8 75 . 183.10 33.8
Charles 77 85.8 87.4 00.10 74.10....
Huyck 90 00 83 70 76.6
Grant Ill S3. 4 79 65 72 |....
Reed 85 93 02. 4176.8 S4.6 I
Kenniff 103 91.8 85.8170. 8 79.11190.8
Young 02 91.8180 85.11 ....
Gclcher 124 S8. 8 93.8|79 SO
Everett 1C500.4 92 175 83.0
C > Delicacy. .. ' r
T — 5 — 5~ "a 5
?I £" 3 s 2^ <">£
CONTESTANTS. :•*< §!< o 3 -o' • = £
r r jt2 v< • ¦* r =
. . 3^ a- n : a
• ¦ • *^ »• . . tq
C
Delicacy.
Kalght -73 88.4 75 • |74.2 74.7 1...
Hattu 9191.8 84.4 75 79.8 75
Turner ...J S7 S2.J 04 175.10 84.5
Daverkosen .... »7 89 B4 180.10 87.5 ....
Blade SI 82.4 82 t«3.4 72.5 ....
Brooks 96 94 82.3 65. 1Q 72.2
Kierulff 76 87.4 00.4 67.6 78.2
Brotherton 102 90.4 03 73.4 S3. 2 91. S
Tormey 72 7.>.4 ¦.
Mansfield 95.4 9314 90.10J92.8 90.2
Kennlff ........ 100 S3.8 91.8 75 . 183.10 33.8
Charles 77 85.8 87.4 00.10 74.10....
Huyck 90 00 83 70 76.6
Grant Ill S3. 4 79 65 72 |....
Reed 85 93 02. 4176.8 S4.6 I
Kenniff 103 91.8 85.8170. 8 79.11190.8
Young 02 91.8180 85.11 ....
Gclcher 124 S8. 8 93.8|79 SO
Everett 1C500.4 92 175 83.0
Wy RHEUnATlsn CURE Is fast nac '
certain to cure rheumatism as water
is to quench thirst. No matter what
part off the body the pain may be in
or whether it is acute or chronic.
nUNYON'S RHEUflATISn CURE
will drive It out In a few hours, and
fully cure in a few days.— flUNYON.
Manyon's Dyspepsia Care will care- any case of
fadi^eition or stomach trouble.
Ninety per cent, of kidney complaints. Including:
tae earliest stages of Bright's Disease, can be curedl
vith Manyon's Kidney Care.
Mnnyon>sCatarrh Cure will core catarrhof the head,,
tkroat and stomach, no matter of how long standing..
Nervous affections and diseases of the he artare con-
trolled artdcured bvMunyon'sNerve and HeartCure..
Munyon's Cold Cure will break upanyform of cold.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers to weak:
men. Price $1.
The Guide to Health (free) tells about diseases,
and their cure. Get it at any drag store. The Curesi
are all on sale there, mostly at 25 cents a viaL.
. Munyon, New York and Philadelphia. ) .. .
- WIXYOX'S I>'H tLEB CUBES C1T1SBH. *
OCEAN TBAVEZt.
Paclfla_ Coast Steamship Co.
«L^ Steamers leave BroadwtSt
Wharf, San Francisco:
KKSgOS* ' For Ketchikan, Juneau.
ffga^BWia^ Ekaguay, etc., AlasKa — IB
Eyrfc*Es5f» a, m.. April 16. 21, 20. May
KpWSIYaa I- Change to company's
1 steamers at Seattle.
: /**«2S»la«ftl For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townser.d, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. New What-
com — 11 a. m.7 April 16, 21. 26. May 1. Change
at Seattle to this company's • steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
April 12, 17. 22. 27. May 2.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo),^ San Diego and Santa Barbara— ¦
Spokane, Sundays, 't a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, San Luis Oblspo
(via Port. Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport (*Santa Cruz only).
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., April 12. 20, 2S, May 6.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m. (freight only), April IS,
24.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates.
TMJVftyr OTTTCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Asents.
. 10 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
.FOB '
.LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNBI
VALENCIA .JUNE t
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 31. r*-
I tpectively. connect with abov» steamers. Th»
new and elesant steamships Senator and* Va-
! lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers end freight without loss.
mishap or delay. - For passenger rates and
Nome folder. , apply Ticket Office. 4 New Mont-
gomery • *treet fPaUce Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Agent*,
' - 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO EIS1N KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COK-
oer First and Brannan streets. -at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong- with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo . received on board on day of
tailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
•...: Tuesday. April 13th. 1303
ES. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 8th. 1903
ES. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. June 4th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Kop
freight and passage apply at company's office.
<21 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
O. R St TV- CO/
ONLY STEAMSHIP LIJfE TO
PORTLAND, Or.;-
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST i^A'-TJKeJ.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
&S COLUMBIA Sails... April 13. 23, May 3. 13
S&'. GEO. "W\f ELDER Sails.... .
Aprn 8. 18. 25. May *
Steamer eails from toot of Spear'st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. 3. F
PACIFIC STEAM HAVIGATIOH CO,
AnU Gia Sud Americana ds Vapors?
To Valparaiso, stopping, at Mexican. Central :¦
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard .1. pier lf>. 12 m.
A STEAMER.. Apr. — (PALKMA .'.May St
GUATEMALA. .May 101COLOMBIA.. ..June 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and . South American passenger service. .
(Xo change at Asapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger. office. SIC California street.'
CALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
dBAA4aWftVit CT 6? A* A «"«*::, »**«*, «3* '
tfVVWIIUVmV'VV. DISECIUaSTOTAHUL .
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
• ...'.:.'.:':...... Saturday, April 19. 2 p. in.
SS.' SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck- ' v
land and Sydney... Thurs.. May 1, 10 si. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. .
Sunday. May 4, 10 a. m.
I. D.'SPKCmSSBBGS.Ca, GSBSiai ACS., 329 13l&t v
Gen'IPass. Office, 643 Hartal St, Pterflo. 7. PaciJlc Si ;
PANAMA RJ. 5T S P
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
• Cabin.' $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S.S. a Argyll... ....Sails Thursday, May t
S."S. Leelanaw.". Sails Saturday. May IO
From Howard-street .'Wharf.. Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenuer Office. 330^- Market st.
~. ... F. F.. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
NEW.TOrtK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St. PauU'.Apl. 23. 10 »miPhiladeL.May7, 10 am
St.* Louis.. Apl.30.10ai.;. St. Paul. May 14. t 10 am
... «3Eue:x> isrr*^aJE«_ i*xjuja.'* '¦•.-;
NEW YORK. V ANTWEHP. PARIS.
Kenslngton.Ap.23. noonJFrlesland.:MayT, nooa
Zeeland ..Apr. 30, noonlSouthwk..May 14. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.'. "
CHAS. D. TATIX>R.G.A.P.C.,30 Montgom"y st.
CCXFASKIS 6SNSSJU.S TRANSATLANTIQUS.
JljIKKCT LINE TO HAVRE-VAKiA j^v,
Salllns every Thursday, instead of -*Qu£t2!fc
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. laSKE^tt
N orth River, ¦ f oot > of : Morton street.
' First class to Havre,; $70 and upward. . Second
class to Havre $4S and upward. GEN2RAU
AGENCY. FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). N»w .
York.' J. F.-FUGAZI A CO.. Paciflo Coait
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
, BAY : AND' BIVEB STEAMEB3.
FiirirNAWiA¥W^^^
: Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a; m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 1 a. m.. 12:30 noon. A p. m., excep;
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* 30
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
wona
(BZfcJfan^
Itls signature la on ererjr box of tho g«acln«
Laxative Brorao-Quinine T»biet* ,
tbt remedy tbat ceres a cold la oa« <U/.
IA/. X. HESS;
E0TABY ?u3LX3 JlSD ATTOitHEY-AT-LAW.
Testh Floor, KcomlOlS, Claus SpreckeU Bide.
Telephone Main SS3. . . - .
Residence. S21 California st.. below Powell.
Residence TcJechone. Jome* 150L ¦
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twcnty-i"-ive Cents a Bottle-
FOR OVER SIXTY; YEARS'
AN CLO AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MKS. WINSLOVV'., SOOTHING JsYHUP
has l»«n ueed ior over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS or MOTHERS lor their CHIL.DRE.V
CHILIS TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTUHS the CHILD, SOFTENH
tht GUilS. ALLAYS ail PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and <¦ the beet remedy ' ior DIAK-
UnOEA. Sold fcy DrupErlsts In every part or
the -world. Be rure and «rk for , - . . ' •
MfiS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING" SYRUP
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
MUSEUM OF AHflTO&lY?
t fijj i5s:mnr:r.fctt.6±*7£ 1 s.r.«,i
v C^ The Largest A&atoraicil Museum in die
B r^r^-m. ' Wo " i - VVeakne*-c» or anjr cnrnnetetl A
™ tsls S?W *»»•»«¦ *••*•• «-ly <-nreal t;y tbs olucit Y
© /^Vul Sj»eci»U»t «¦ Oie Coast tst. 36 yciri. (3
A 53^S °»- JC.1DAN-DISEASES CF MEH 0
St fi**^5b Con^ultition free »n4 rtri-ily r'i'-ilc. \
I JlS^2 n re * Iaie<lt FersoualljT «r by l-ttcr. A a
E it r» u Pctitwt Cwt in ererjr catt cadcruken. \
t V ilO w rite f'» Bock. rHII.O«OflIY«r/|
<• j( jj 1 * BAIIRIAGK. MAII.SD FXEZ. (A\[
A (i li- »»iuiib!t hook for i&rn) \
V nrt 3OB.DXX A CO.; 1351 M«rk*>t St..!?. P. V
For sale by all dealers; price 50c a box.
Foster-Milburn Co., , Buffalo, N." Y., sole
aBents for the United States.
Pvcmember the name— Doan's— ar.d, take
nc other. .-.-.' u
David Voss, taker, of 503 Sixth st, says:
"For six or seven months pain in the
small of my back just over the kidneys
plainly told me there was something
wrong with those organs. Naturally a
mar. In this condition is .on the outlook
for something to radically dispose of the
trouble or at least check it, and one even-
ing while reading my paper I came across
an advertisement which stated that
Doan'e Kidney Pills could be depended
upon. Next day I went to the No Per-
centage Drug Store. 949 Market streeti for
a bos. It performed its work quickly and
faithfully. After a- course of the treat-
ment the backache ceased and up to date
there has not been a symptom of a re-
currence."
When an Incident like the following oc-
ours right here at home it is bound +o
carry weight with our readers. So many
strange occurrences go the rounds of the
press; are published as facts, people be-
come skeptical. On one subject skepti-
cism 5s rapidly disappearing. This is due
to the actual experience of our citizens,
and their public utterances regarding
them. The doubter must doubt no more
In the face of such evidence as this. The
public statement of a reputable . citizen
living right here at home, one whom you
can see every day. leaves no ground for
the skeptic to stand en.
What They Sny In of Local
Interest.
They Are San Francisco People, and
PEOPLE ffEKNOW.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A T) VTP^.TTST'.M "RTTTa,
; s Goincid^iiGe*
• ' T : ¦' ijHTcre rivers generally happen: to
f'- l^rxin ls cl8se . to large cities; !;;
j .! 31 The best $6.oo:lshoes
: \'-.i -^Happen to have Oakv- leather;; Spies |
.; -SI This accident is foil rid -to
•r J -with every pair of Regals at
I ¦• - : : v;.' It rarely indeed happens to any
I '¦¦, (. •¦ cither make of shoes at as
• : or dissection, ;
] V s ;. 7^i I?i ve P a k Spies cost: tenjtp fifteeriv;
] :z -;:;; cents more ':¦-.. than Hemlock^sbles,
; : ; T and add a dollar to -Regal wear.
I ;" 'I- A. little; paint covers j Bbth;.kinds i ;
|.§! ;:Js!o thatthe 15 cents may^be conyen--
; r !r iientlvc t* saved "to thrifty: Makers-- -
1 v --UOL-LAR lost to^Wearers^
: ' < ; : 'Every : REGAL 'SoleV^ : ;Jan;^ak;'*:;
' ; ;Sple-andagoodone!^SeeSryle;Bppki
Sold •oa\y i ia .45 Regal Stores' from New ; York to Sao FraQci3co and .London- Also by mail
- ;¦''. • • . .'• • S. V; i^rcerStccktcn cai'Gzary^Strcs's.^ f-V.V-'MONDAY........ ......APRIL 14, i9<>-2
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Prc W^J^ji^,S
AtfrcEi All Ctitin«iitttieM te W. B. IEAKF, Kcatger.
I'LIILICATJOX OFFICE... Marlcet and Tlilrd. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenaon St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator "Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
— ——
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
-....•¦• Sfngrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms br Mail. Including Postajre *
CAILT CALL. (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
Dailt CALL < including Sunday). « months 8.00
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), 8 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 63c
6CKDAT CALK One Tear 1.80
VTEEKLT CALL. One Tear f«- *•<»
All postmasters are authorise* to receive
subscriptions.
Bampl* copies -will be forwarded when requested.
Mafl cttbscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to five both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with tbelr request.
OAKLAA'D OFFICES 1118' Broadtrar
C GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xtttgtr Fortlfa AiTertising. Kir^nette BciliJln- CUuga.
(Long- Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAB.LTON - .Herald Square
ICEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEN* B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
EhcrmaB House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northers Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BSAKCH OFFICES— 827 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open estll 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkin, open until
8:80 o'clock. ISHX Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. SW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
wnffi 9 o'clock. 2300 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
Special - Information supplied daily to
business houses and ;. public men by thd
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. | Telephone Main 1042. •
The - canopy , of • Mohammed's tbnib . at
Mecca, is made of -the heaviest variety of
black 'silk, manufactured especially for
this purpose. ¦
The swift change of^'American sentiment toward
£ ei r l1 :^ hodes sin . C£ r. * he Publication of his will fur
nishes ground : for; the acceptance of another beati
tude. "Blessed .are the dead who leave their . rnoiiey
toythe. people." . /
There is a curious coincidence in the fact that the
day of Rhodes' funeral should have brought from
South Africa the most encouraging reports of peace
that have yet been received. It looks as if the war
that he brought on would depart with him.
Quality makes price; Were Burnett's Vanilla
Extract no better than other, extracts its price
Would be the same. Once tried always used. :
i Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jao ha-*.
t^A n * ic *- pi S sent - for Eastern friends'
(39 Market st. , Palace Hotel building? •
¦ Men shaved without soap. 15c. at Run Housa
Antiseptic Barber Shop-. 217 Montgomery. •
Cal. I glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Stuffed prun«g with apricots. Townsend's.*
rest' of thecountry that it cannot hope for commer
cial;or industrial; advancement. The only thing that
enterprise ; or public , spirit can do to promote the
growth of the city is to make it so beautiful and so
attractive that Americans of the leisure class will es
tablish .winter homes there. It : is now recognized
that, it; can never become, the political capital of 'the
republic in anything but name; for the great leaders
of the country who. shape politics as well as busi
ness and. finance do not live there, the great news
papers are not published there, and the active organ
ization and operation of party" politics is not carried
onthere^ In short,, theonly hope of the. citizens is
that Washington may be made the most : sumptuous
capital in the world, with the most magnificent build
ings, the finest streets and the rmost cultured •: society.'
To achieve that great ambition they require liberal
appropriations, . and .1 ; v Congress that does not
them . .is in: the eyes \ of the Capital' a mere; assembly
of; Buncombe; politicians.' ' < ';¦ . . ': '¦'.'. , .' ¦
The feeling of the Washingtonians is the natural
result of an unnatural situation. , The city, though
the capital of the republic, is virtually isolated from
national life. Measures passed for the general good
of the country affect Washington only in an indirect
way. It has_ no industries to receive the benefit of
protection, no commerce to be affected, by the up
building of , our merchant marine, 1 no agriculture ;to
foster, and no large financial institutions to be
helped or hindered by financial legislation." Such be
ing the case, the Washingtoniah lives for his city
alone, and when the: city .gets nothing, it is to the
people of the capital as if Congress were dead.
So completely:: is v Washington isolated 'from,; the
WASHINGTON - people are irritated and
somewhat indignant over the, apparent : in
difference of Congress to the . elaborate
plans that have been devised for beautifying! and
adorning the city. It seems the leaders of. neither
party are taking much interest in the subject, and
some. of the bills for municipal- improvement, which
Washington is most eager to have enacted may be
•put away, in pigeonholes of committee rooms and
never be given even so much as a report to either
house. .
THE, ? 3SrA.TIOKT-A.T_i O-A^iPITAL.
Editor The Call— I have been much in
terested lnybur repeated editorials upon
the great need, of preserving our forests.
The- subject cannot be written ;upon * too
frequently, for It Is - really the, most Im
portant matter connected with the ma
terial good of our State. \
I .There is one phase of the subject which
I have hot seen presented m the columns
of your paper and I write to request you
to discuss It editorially. It is briefly this:
•When standing timber is taxed for its
full value, or even a considerable part of
that 1. value i'- there is always a temptation
en the part of ,the . owner to cut if down.
By .so ; doing he .would [ not only , realize on
the .wood : and- lumber! but would . escape
the 1: taxes in , future, since j the bare land
would . have lost most of its former value.
In other s words,,the State exacts a yearly
penalty, ¦ as it '.were,, from every one ¦ who
preserves i a grove or a' forest.
. Now.it. is true that. growing timber ben
'eflts the ; whole r , people ' by ' improving cli
matic conditions. Would' It not be an act
of \i justice as \ well ;" as ' prudence \ for the
people • of this . State to change the laws,
or If * necessary the constitution, ¦ : so \ that
growing forests^ should . npt '. ; . be " taxed for
more . than the Rvalue 'of . the • land, _but that
f orea^products,'; lumber, , wood, etc.,' should
be taxed onthe same basis as other prop
erty ? r ;\Thls I would;: encourage the j preserj
vatlonM3f "existing;: treesVand the " planting
of :new; forestTafeas.*,*t ; JOSIAH 'KEEP.
Mills; College; April' 9. V ?(
Mrs. Fannie BloomfieldZelsler, the not
en", pianiste, who comes to fill a local en
gacement In; this city, is at the Palace.
- Rtilroad Commissioner, '"EL.lt. Edson of
Gazelle is at the Occidental for a brief
stay. : ' ;.; ¦- '."¦.• ; ... ¦ ..• - - . . . -
* A. C. McKlnribn, • a c merchant of Ana
conda; Montana, is a guest at the Grand.
Willard Teller.^ an' attorney it Denver
Colo.,. Is at the Occidental with his wife. *
Bank Commissioner. John' Markley is
registered at the .Lick,, from* Geyservllle:
T. C. Snider, a contractor of Broderlck
is at the Grand. ' • ¦
CD. Fontana, a storekeeper of Stock
ton, is at the Lick..
O. G. Woodward, a Fresno banker, is
staying at the Lick. . . , .
J. N. Cregg, a real estate dealer of Red
Bluff, Is at the Grand.
Carleton Gray, an orchardlst of Oroville
Is iegistered at the Grand. \
Dr. W. H. La Bare of Weavervllle I3 a
recent arrival at the "Grand. '
II. Bert Ellis and wife of Los Angeles
are among, the guests at the Palace.
, „ Edmund Burke, former Mayor of Santa
Barbara, Is registered at the Grand. '
PERSONAL NOTES.
BELGIUM is at last undergoing the political
storm that has been so long threatened. Last
year the danger of the outbreak that has now
occurred was imminent, and was avoided only by
compromises and' other dilatory tactics. It was be
lieved then that delay would give time for reflection,
and that with reflection there would come an agree
ment between the workingmen and the Conservatives
upon some plan of settling the issue that divides
them.. The expectation, however, has not been ful
filled. The only effect of the delay seems to have
been an increase of antagonism, and now the out
break has come with a fury that threatens revolution.
The demand of the workingmen and the Socialists
is for a revision of the constitution and the establish
ment of universal suffrage, such 'as obtains in the
United States. The present suffrage laws of Belgium
are the result of a compromise and have not been
long in operation. By their provisions every Belgian
citizen over twenty-five years of age, domiciled for
not less than one year in some commune, and not
specifically disqualified by law, has a vote. Every
citizen over thirty-five years of age, married or wid
.ower, having legitimate children and paying at least
$1 a year in house tax, has a supplementary vote, as
has also every citizen over twenty-five years of age
owning real, estate to the value of $400, or having a
corresponding income from such property, or deriv
ing $20 a year or more from Belgian funds, either
directly or through a savings bank." Moreover, every
citizen over twenty-five years of age who has re
ceived a diploma or certificate of higher education,
or who fills or has filled an office or engaged in pri
vate professional practice necessitating higher educa
tion, also receives two supplementary votes.
It will be noted that by these laws suffrage in' / Bel-
The question of. revising the suffrage' laws is at
present .before the Chamber of Deputies, and accord
ing to programme is to be taken up; on Wednes
day. .The Socialists, for some reason, have become
suspicious that the ¦ Government will prorogue the
Chamber before that/date, and the riots have been
the result of the suspicions. A dispatch states that
the King is willing to - conciliate the workingmen,
but the Ministry, is resolved not 'to concede equal
manhood suffrage. Such is the situation at present,
and it is probable the coming week will find Belgium
involved in something like' civil. war, or a strike so
widespread , and' so formidable as to j virtually ! put a
stop to the" entire' industries of the country.
— — — — - — . • . •.. .. ¦ . .
The use of the "strike" as a political weapon is
very effective in Belgium by reason of the high in
dustrial organization of the people. The Belgians
are a race of manufacturers, and in comparison with
other peoples their industrial development may be
called abnormal, so much does the • proportion of
the wage-earning class exceed that of the similar
class elsewhere." At the present time some of the
leaders of the workingmen have advised them to ab
stain from rioting and to resort to a general strike
throughout the kingdom. • It was by the use of such
tactics they succeeded in the former struggle, and a
resort to . them now promises better results than any
outbreaks of violence which would bring them into
conflict with i the army. . '
gium is not based solely upon manhood. Some citi
zens have more- votes than others, and consequently
property owners and professional men have an ad
vantage over other classes at the polls. The laws;
however, are a great improvement over those which
preceded them, and were obtained by the advocates
of universal suffrage only after a prblonged struggle
ending in a general strike.
THE BELGIAN TROUBLES.
Conditions in California and San Francisco remain
as previously stated. Reports from all counties and
all lines of farming and trading operations are uni
formly cheerful and show general activity all along
the line. As far as crops are concerned the season
has thus far been ideal, and even man himself, great
and august as he is, could hardly have improved on
the operations of that Creator who is supposed to
know what a man needs about, as well as man him
self. From the Oregon line to San Diego the Stite
smiles with the promise of plenty, and if . the Cali
fornian is not satisfied with this season as far as it
has gone, he never will be satisfied with anything on
this earth. Money is abundant and readily obtain
able by any solvent borrower, collections are good,
failures are few and small, there is a large influx, of
Eastern people into the State, building operations
were never livelier, and we seem to be having a high
old time with prosperity all around. J ,
The cereal markets have been more active during
the past week. Wheat has fluctuated more or less,
having been influenced by dry weather complaints
in the Southwest and the issuance of the crop esti
mates of the Agricultural and Census departments.
The Census Department estimates the crop of wheat,
oats and corn at 846,000,000 bushels more than the
Agricultural Department, and the discrepancy is so
wide that it is said that the latter department will
adjust its figures to a certain conformity to those of
the former. The census figures indicate a winter
wheat crop of about 415,000,000 bushels, against 365,
000,000 last year, and if they are within a reasonable
distance of the real production there will be no wheat
famine in the United States this year. But the South
west undoubtedly needs more rain to properly ma
ture the winter crop.
Otherwise there is little new in trade. As far as
can be seen from the weekly commercial Teports from
the different sections of the country, business seems
brisk everywhere, and even the South is sending in
fair reports. Jobbing distribution in the East and
central West is falling off, bat there is no slackening
in the spring wheat regions, and unusual activity is
reported from the Pacific Coast. Some of the sta
ples, such as wool, sugar and provisions, have weak
ened off during the past few days, but these condi
tions are considered transitory and regularly occur,
no matter how active general trade may be.
WHILE general trade throughout the United
States continued to halt last week, the halt
ing tendency was less pronounced and con
ditions appeared rather better. The decrease in bank
clearings was smaller, being only 1 0.6 per cent, and
fewer cities showed a loss, the only important ones
being New York, Boston, Pittsburg, Baltimore and
Detroit. The continued loss at Pittsburg rather in
dicates less activity in the iron and steel trade, which
has been observed for some weeks, though the move
ment in this industry is still active and the mills are
generally running to their full capacity on structural
material, it being understood that the order books
are filled almost up to the close of 1902. New orders,
however, are not as heavy as they were last year. In
the case of New York the current inactivity in Wall
street probably accounts for the loss in bank clear
ings there, as there is little speculation in the street
now, and no talk is heard of pending combinations,
new trusts, gigantic syndicates, and those vast un
dertakings which for several years have filled the
world with wonder. Perhaps those already in opera
tion have absorbed pretty much all the idle blocks
of capital, the possession of which seemed to worry
the financiers just as coppers burn the pockets of a
schoolboy until the nearest bakery absorbs his little
surplus and he is free from care again. Certainly
there is no longer any feverish rush to launch im
mense syndicates upon the fickle sea of commerce,
and it is just as well, for there are plenty of them
now.
BUSINESS IMP ROVING AGAIN*
FOREST PRESERVATION
IT Is wonderful how clever society buds can become nowadays. In addition
to all the accomplishments they are known to possess, they are really in
genious to a degree that the outside world never hears about. Take Kathryn
Robinson, for instance. Many know of her patrician, beauty, her generous
nature and clever sayings, but she has many other talents you will never
hear of unless some of the other girls tell you. Just now they are talking
about her artistic eye for, good lines and color combinations In building French/
hats. She wore a poem at the tea on Saturday with her thin white gown. The
hat was entirely of tiny -white tulle ruffles, less than an inch wide, and trimmed
with dainty sprays of autumn leaves. The hat was simple, but there was a
quiet elegance any style about it that did credit to the fair Kathryn. I heard
'¦ two debutantes, whose gowns come from way across the p^nd, delighting over
| the promise that she would make them each a present of one. I am sure they
will be* most becoming. . .. ,
- Perhaps you didn't know either that Elsie Sperry and Kathryn Robinson
get together and make silk flowers and butterflies, embroidered In spangles, for
their hair, with a style that wins them loads of pretty compliments. Miss
Sperry learned this art while in Paris and her friend was not long In doing
the same. . - . ¦ • -, . - - .' " . ¦ "
¦ •..-¦, . ..•.,*¦••¦ . ¦.,.-¦
.- "Allow me to predict the greatest, of social successes next season for llisa
Etalka Williar. She is greatly in demand this. year, although she is not really
"out" yet. The formal, bow comes next year, however, and then the fair "Talka"
will be nearly killed with devotion. Wherever she goes now, you will find a
coterie of friends about her admiring. her beauty. They say "beauty" is putting
\ it mildly, for she is certainly the "purest ray serene." Miss Williar is a wild
¦ rose type of beauty with the fluffiest of hair, like the sunshine, which forms a
lovely setting for her round, happy face with its splendid color. She 'is always
laughing. and saying the brightest things, so it is not' to be surprised at if people
become enthusiastic about her.- .. _ •
Miss Williar gave a delightfully informal tea at her artistic home in Sausa
- lito yesterday afternoon-and ever so many of the girls went over from the city
. in their newest frocks." There were just enough popular men present to Insure
' a pleasant afternoon ; for everybody and the hostess proved herself a charming
entertainer.: Everything was perfectly arranged for the comfort of the guests
and they could not resist staying rather longer than is polite at teas. The decora
tions were spring blossoms. Some one remarked that they looked like the
hostess; at any rate, they bore her care- free and happy touch.
.-'.., ¦¦"•.•'•
Miss Catherine Herrin was , certainly a picture at the Preston wedding.
One always expects to see Miss Herrin wearing handsome gowns with that
splendid style of hers, but on this occasion she attracted even more admiration
than ever In a white chiffon and lace decollete gown over white silk, with garni
ture of gold. She wore in her hair a red chiffon rose, embroidered in gold
spangles. The carriage wrap was an exquisite affair of heavy gray peau de sole,
lined with pink satin. There were . pink chiffon flounces inside the collar and
downthe front, with a touch of white. As usual there were men galore stand
ing- about, waiting to hold her wrap or do anytlnjng- in their power . to win a
word from this amiable girl. '•/ ' . ¦.¦
VThe girls were more than enthusiastic over that clever toast which Miss
Eleanor Davenport gave • at Mrs. Walker's luncheon on Tuesday. It was just
the thing, and so wittingly told. Every one, almost, excepting Dr. Brownell,
the groom-elect, had 'been toasted. -Miss Prince, whose engagement was an
nounced, was showered with good wishes, and a toast was offered the young la
dles present whose engagements will . be announced In the 1 course of time and
love.: Miss Davenport had known Dr. Brownell rather longer than the other
guests, and feeling he should be appreciated, she made a clever little speech
full of wit and delicate humor. . ' ' "r
. * * *
When you hear that the proceeds of any affair are to be devoted to charity,
. be assured that society women are working hard for its success. The fair sex Is
taking more interest than usual in the coming dog show for this reason, and
In addition to the financial success they are bent upon making this exhibition
.to. San Francisco what the horseshow is to New York. When that important day
arrives you may, depend upon seeing some stunning 'gowns for canines to nip at.
Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr.'s Interest is apparent in more ways than one. She
offers* a handsome silver cup for. the best Dachshund In the show. .She will also
exhibit' her famous Boston terrier "Winner," which, is now at the Seattle dog
..show. It won first, prize last week at the Victoria show. -Mrs. Joe.Tobln has
entered her dachshund . "Pretzel" and her cocker 'spaniel "Cornell," to both of
which she Is, very devoted. Miss Ethel Tompkins is also a dog fancier. She
will give a very fine silver/ and cut. glass tobacco jaij for the best red cocker
puppy. Her own dogs, "Sweetheart," "Mona the Second" and "Princess Flavia," '
will be on hand, large as life and tw'ce sf. natural.
.Mrs. Walter Magee's wire-haired fox-terriers will be in evidence. They are
/very rare indeed and were obtained from Cairnsmulr, N.'.Y., with other varieties
' of the same breed. Miss .Bertie Bruce wih exhibit her skye-terriers.- Mrs.
Charles K. Harley will bring her fox-terriers. I understand , that there are
seventy-two cups offered and a great many other prizes, most of : which come
- from society peoplei The list of entries is the largest ever known on this coast,
and more than half the dogs belong to the' ladies. SALLY SHARP.
SOCIETY BUDS BUILD
HATS AND ORNAMENTS
• T"* HE magnificent residence being built by J. B. Haggln at Elmondorf, near
; I . Lexington, Kentucky, - says a correspondent of the Chicago Tribune, is so
I nearly finished that when Mr. Haggin and his wife left there two weeks ago
" . they declared they would return atout the first of next month and take up
their residence there for the summer..
."Put the Inside/ in condition first," said the turfman to his foreman, "and al
~ : low no one admission. Do not even permit pictures to be taken of the grounds or
cf the house. I want everything here to be private and exclusive." He said this
"last to his: wife, who was Miss Pearl Voorkies of Woodford- County, and a beau
tiful young woman. . !
. ' .The house. cost about ?350,000. ,The most celebrated artists were secured to put
in the inside finishings. Frescoers from London have been diligently at work
for six months, and although no one not connected with the work has seen It
-since it was finished, two months ago the decorations and frescoing were beau
tiful indeed. Entering a spacious hall, tha rooms to the right and left are sepa
rated only by draperies. Back of . these rooms are dining-rooms, which can bo
, turned Into, one long room for entertaining large numbers of guests. The stair
way leading to the rooms on the second story winds around the hallway. The
basement contains, the laundry, kitchen, etc. . . .
Two hundred acres immediately surrounding the residence are being put In
order by an expert landscape gardener. Mr Haggin has given orders for the fit
ting uo of a wine cellar not, to be surpassed anywhere.
The two ships to be built for Chile are
to be battleships of 15,000 tons and 22 5
knot speed. Instead of, as first reported
armored cruisers of 22 knots. Although
the contracts have been placed with Els
wick s and v lckers and money deposited
t^raeet payments, there is a hitch in the
Chilean Legislature which may result in
canceling < the^orders. The condition un
der which the contracts was awarded
wa3 highly flattering to the builders, as
they were g iven a free hand and onlv
asked to build the -best ship they could
produce for j.000,000. - -.
A new system of loading the 13.39-inch
turret guns of the French coast defense
ship Valury is said to have been tried with
satisfactory results. With the old con
trivance only one shot could be fired in
four to five minutes, whereas with the
improvement made , one shot per minute
can be delivered. Starting with «uns load
ed, five shots were flred In less than four
minutes.
The trials of the French sea-gclng tor
pedo-boats ; Bourrasque and Rafale con
siderably exceeded the contract require
ments. The' Bourrasque carried a load of
24.5 tons, displacing 133.3 tons, and made
31.53 knots for one hour. - The Rafale,
carrying 39.2 tons on a displacement of
158 tons, reached a speed of 31.42 knots,
both boats thus exceeding the contract of
30 knots.- The trials consisted in a four
hour run, the first/ hour at a minimum
of 25 knots, the second hour at maximum
speed and ¦_ the third and fourth of 25
knots upward. The means of the four
hour trial was 25.79 knots for the Bour
rasque and 26.20 knots for the Rafale. The
boats were built by Normand at Havre
and are 147 feet 6 inches in length, 16 feet
9 Inches , beam and have twin screw en
gines of 4200 horsepower.
The Moorish cruiser Beschlr-es-salaxne,
purchased a few years ago by the Sul
tan of Morocco, has come to an ignoble
end, in that It has been sold to a Portu
guese trader to be used as a tramp. At
the time of her purchase there was much
curlo3ity as to what us© the Sultan would
make of an armed vessel of 1100 tons and
15 knots speed; the old Industry of ths
Barbary coast states of piracy had Ions
since ceased to be recognized as being
legitimate and had been discontinued for
lack of profitableness, owing to the pres
ence of foreign shlps-of-war in the Med
iterranean, and whatever were the plans
of the Morocco Sultan, tlffey have evident
ly miscarried.
• •-.•/•
Lord Beresford made a speech at the
annual dinner of the Institution of Naval
Architects in London on March 19. Hi3
closing remarks concerning r the navy
were that he intended that his country
men should know the truth, and he pro
posed to speak out in British towns and
ask the Admiralty. either to contradict his
statements or turn him out of the service
by court-martial. This is pretty strong
talk from an officer. against his superiors,
which has not been tolerated In this coun
try since the days of Admiral I>avld D.
Porter. Rear Admiral Meade and some
others have Indulged in language much
less provocatlng with distastrous results,
and even Admiral Dewey has been
snubbed for falling to agree with the Sec
retary of the Navy.- Discipline Is not so
exacting in monarchlal England as in th»
United States, and it is just possible that
the Admiralty will be forced to give
way to the imepetuoua Beresford, backed
up by public sentiment and desire for re
form. .
The dissatisfaction of the engineer
corps in the British navy, with its posi
tion aa compared with officers of the
sailor branch, has been still further In
creased by an Admiralty order, which
places the Inspection and installation of
auxiliary machinery and electrlcal>av
pliances pertaining to guns and torpedoes
urder the control of line officers. The en
gineers look upon this as an Indication of
hostility upon the part of .the Admiralty
toward the corps, as it does not wish »t9
duties,, to. be diminished nor shared: In
vrith others, but rather seek to Increase
their responsibility and attain : an im
proved standing with other officers In tha
navy.
The Diadem, a British cruiser of 11.000
tons, 16,500 horsepower and 20.5-knot
speed, has gone out of commission after
a service of three years eight months.
The ship was completed In July. 1898. at a
cost of $2,774,315. and is now to be re
paired at an estimated cost of $119,395 to
hull proper and about $200,000 for repairs
to machinery and installation of new
boilers.
There are about 12,000 Roman Catholic
sailors In the British navy, yet there Is
not a single sea-going Catholic priest.
The Irish members of Parliament hava
appealed without success thus far for ap
pointment of such. Two priests serve an
chaplains on shore, but their highest pay
is only one-half of that • received by
Anglican chaplains. The London Tablet
refers to this discrimination as being
cruel and absurd, saying: "To the dying
Catholic the presence of the priest means
this tremendous difference between going
into eternity with his sins forgiven or un
forgiven, while to the dying Protestant
his chaplain may talk consolingly, and
that, is all."
The last suggestion of mobilization ad
vises that the ¦whole war fleet be mobil
ized at an early date to test organization
and discover weak points.
Under the head of organization for war
he advocates that a correct register of
all auxiliaries be kept and "pattern ves
sels" of such auxiliaries are to be in com
mission with service squadrons in peace
time. All -war vessels useless for lack of
speed or fighting capacity to be abolished.
As to reserves, he proposes a register
of skilled mechanics and others, who, in
an emergency, could fill certain ratings
en board ship, such men to be enlisted as
"reservists" and paid a retaining wage.
He would also modify the present sy«tem,
having the men join for twelve years, as
now, but a percentage to be permitted to
leave after six years' service.
Lord .Beresford recommends under tha
head of training the securing of *younger
srimirals by the selection of younger com
manders and captains, increase of rear
admirals' list and the retirement on the
retired pay of a vice admiral of such rear
admirals as have passed three years with
out hoisting their flag. He would also
establish exercise squadrons and have tha
army and navy combine In maneuvers
yearly. He also recommends that seaman
gunners, who are first class shots and
Qualified as captain of gun, be paid as
t-killed mechanics.
Under the second head h^ would pro
vide for the purchase of coal fields at
home and in. the. colonies by the Govern
ment, so that supplies for the navy shall
net be affected by strikes, etc. --¦
Under the first head he would add to
the Board of - Admiralty a "Naval War
L*>rd," on whom should devolve the or
ganization of preparation for war, and
heads of the various departments, to be
the ablest specialists that the servico
produces, are to be under this official.
Lord Beresford's scheme for naval re
form is quite brief, but comprehensive,
and is summarized under six heads, name
ly: Administration, coal supply, organ
ization for war, reserves, training and
mobilization.
It is the duty of the press of California to expose this scheme to the people, and the
exposure should be repeated over and over again from now until election day. The San
Francisco Supervisors and the League of Municipalities "have done well in issuing the
circular of warning, but the assistance of the press will be required to give the subject the
reiteration necessary to impress the public mind.. None but a corporation organ will refuse
to assist in the work. It is a vital issue, for it is the most drastic as well as the most
brazen scheme ever undertaken by corporations in California to escape public control and
secure themselves the privilege of making such regulations as they choose and imposing
rates as heavy as the traffic can bear. ; : .
This precious scheme provides that all corporations in California shall be under the
supervision and authority of a commission of five persons, who in the first instance are to
be appointed by Governor Gage. One of the appointees of the Governor is toehold office
for two years, another for four years, the third for six years, the fourth for eight years
and the fifth for ten years. Thus the Gage appointees will constitute a majority of the
commission for at least six years to come. . .*"
The effect of the amendment, if carried, will be to destroy local self-government, so
far as regulating corporations is concerned. Under its operation the people of no county
nor city nor town in California will have any control of even such strictly local and neces
sary utilities as water, light and street railways.
By such tactics the corporations managed to win the first' fight for their scheme.
They have adopted similar tactics in conducting the fight before the people. Not one of
them appears to defend the measure. They are even more careful to avoid discussion of it
in public than they were in the Legislature. They are all silent. Even their yellow organ
in the Democratic camp has nothing to say either for or against this "Democratic meas
ure." It is evidently regarded by the yellow journal itself c? a "good joke," and is en
joyed by that paper as much as by. the corporations and their henchmen.
After giving this history in considerable detail, the circular, adds: "It is almost
needless to assert that there was a strong corporation lobby present during these few days.
Every pressure from corporation headquarters and from the machine politicians was ex
erted to prevent its reconsideration." .
The history of the passage of the amendment is one of the most interesting parts
of the circular. It was introduced by Assemblyman Laird of ; Kern County, was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee. When reported to the' Assembly its ';¦¦. consideration
was not reached until after ip p. m., and the Assembly, having voted -to continue the ses»
sion until the amendment was voted on, it was rushed^through. Itis stated aprbrninent
member quieted the Republicans by informing them it was a corporation "'• measure, intro
duced by a Democrat, and was "the best joke" of the session; and he advised Republi
cans "to keep still and let it go out as a Democratic measur^"•;;?;.Thl^s,vas^a¦^result':.oft5he
time of the night, the misrepresentation of the true purpose of the amendment, and : the
fact that it was looked upon as a joke, it was passed by the Assembly.' .A like secrecy was
practiced in the Senate, though it there met with more opposition. No time was . 'given
for a study of the amendment before it was rushed through, and after its passage every
attempt to obtain a reconsideration was defeated.
A joint committee v of the two bodies has issued a circular warning the people of
the danger of adopting the amendment, giving an # elaborate analysis of the various
clauses, and a brief but instructive history of the manner in which it was hurried through
the Legislature. /
The circular sets lorth ten objections to the amendment, as follows:
\ 1. It will increase taxation/ ' ¦
2. It' makes impossible the securing of any reduction of rates for any pjublic service. • - t
3. It perpetuates the inefficient features of the present Railroad Commission.. v " ':¦
4. It destroys municipal ownership of publi« utilities.- • " ... ,~. : ; i s '.
5. It interferes with local self-government. U f *.. .
6. It places inordinate powers in the hands of the present .Governor. • ' ' • '¦' ,
7. It will deprive cities and counties of license fees now paid by public corporations. ¦;•¦
8. It takes away from local bodies all control of franchises. .-., -^X,..
9. It establishes a bureaucracy. - • .. . ." \ : '•.¦':'• — '
10. It is antagonistic- to a Republican form of government. '
BY THE GALL the attention of the public has ¦ been repeatedly directed to the
bold corporation scheme embodied in Assembly constitutional _ amendmerit No.
28. It is therefore gratifying that the San Francisco Board of and
the .California League of Municipalities have united in the task of exposing the
evil nature of the measure and defeating it. , y\ . v
BERESFORD'S
PLAN TO REFORM
BRITISH NAVY
words of "w^.R,3sriisra-.
Tp SAN FfiAN^SCO : CAL]^ :EO1TOM,; APEIL 14, '1902.
BEAUTIFUL KENTUCKY
HOME OF J.B. HAGGIN
ONE OP THE MAGNIFICENT COUNTRY RESIDENCES IN THE UNITED
"¦STATES IS THAT OF J. B. HAGGIN, FORMERLY OF CALIFORNIA.
THE HOME IS IN THE HEART OF THE BLUE GRASS COUNTRY.
6
Alcazar — "Why Smith Left Home."
Columbia^ — "The Professor's Love Story."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Hall — Piano Recital next Tuesday evening.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
Grand Opera-house — "Fedora."
Fischer's Theater— "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California— The Sons of Ham.
Tlvoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "Dangers of a Great City."
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
Monday, April 14. at 10 o'clock, Horses, Buggies, etc., at
1618 Market street. "TO AKHIVE.
Steamer Movements.
BEACHY HEAD — Passed Asril 13 — Stmr
Grosser Kurfurst. from Bremen, for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived April 13 — Stmr Um
bria. from New York, via Queenstown.
Sailed Arril 13 — Stmr Siberian, from Glas
gow, for St Johns, N F; Halifax. N S. and
Philadelphia. .,
•ANTWERP— Arrived April 13— Stmr Fries
land, from New York (not previously).
LONDON— Sailed Aoril 13— Stmr Monte
vidian. for Quebec and Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed April 13 — Stmr
Oamnania. from Liverpool, for New York;
Etmr Cymric, from Liverpool, for New "York.
PLYMOUTH — Sailed April 13 — Stmr Pre
toria, from Hamburg and Boulogne, for New
Yori'. '
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Anril 13— Stmr
Grosser Kurfurst, from • Bremen, for New
York. . '
GIBRALTAR— Passed April 13— Stmr Cali
forala. from Marseilles, Genoa and Naples, for
New York. ¦: ¦ \
Sailed AdHI 13-^-Stmr Batavia. for Bremen.
Marseilles, Leghorn and Naoles; stmr Island,
from Copenhagen and Christiansand: stmr La
Champagne, from Havre, stmr Statendam,
from Rotterdam and Boulogne.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Friendlv Audience Greets Williams
NEW HAVEN, Conn., April 13.— A large
and very friendly audience greeted George
Frederick Williams to-day at the memo
rial meeting to do honor to the late John
P. Altgeld. Resolutions of sorrow were
adopted. ..","^
FRANKLIN, Neb., April 13.— Nicholas
de Temple of Denver jumped in front of a
Burlington passenger train near here early
to-day and was Instantly killed. It is be
lieved he was temporarily Insane. In Red
Cloud- yesterday De Temple related • a
story of having been robbed. Little was
learned of his identity beyond the fact
that he came from Denver. He was well
dressed and wore a Knights of Pythias
emblem.
Throws Himself in Front of Train.
The men in the house were arrested.
They denied they were anything but
clerks of one Enrique Iglesias, a labor
contractor engaged in securing boys and
men in Yucatan, where the demand for
labor is very pressing. The boys were to
have been sent to Vera Cruz and thence
to go to their long stay in Yucatan. Sub
sequently the guards confessed that they
were employed by Iglesias to entrap boys
and confine them in the house till a con
venient opportunity arose for taking them
to Yucatan. Iglesias Is still at large.
MEXICO CITY, April 13.— The police
have broken up a gang " of kidnapers,
who have been enticing young boys to a
house in this city, where the lads were
kept- prior to being shipped to Yucatan to
work on the Henequin plantation. Com
plaints have been coming into police head
quarters of missing boys. The detectives
on following up clews found a house on
the outskirts of the city, where the boys
were enticed. They were kept under
guard day and night and insufficiently fed
amid foul surroundings.
rest a Gang of Ab
ductors.
Mexican Authorities Ar-
Austrians Will Give Picnic.
The Austrian Military and Benevolent
Association will hold Its twenty-fourth
annual picnic and excursion at Fernbrook
Park, Niles Canyon, on Sunday, May 4.
There will be game.s and prizes for the
winners. An exhibition drill will be given
in the pavilion "under command of . Cap
tain J. M. Russell. The Austrian military
band will furnish music for the occasion
Branches of the society from San Jose
and Watsonville will be there. More than
2000 tickets have been sold, which insures
a hi* crowd.
All birds sefrve as weathercocks when
they are perched on trees or bushes, as
they almost invariably face the wind.
POLICE RESCUE
KIDNAPED BOYS
"When the members of Company C met
last "week for the purpose of selecting a
captain the entire vote of all present was
given by acclamation to Captain Moore.
Company C was formerly known as
Company I of the First California Volun
teers that saw service in the Philippines.
the most popular men who served in
the Philippines has been honored by his
comrades in arms.
IN THE re-election of Frank K. Moore
to the captaincy of Company C of
the First Infantry Regiment of the
National Guard of California, on©' of
Captain Moore has been connected with
the National Guard for many years. He
formerly served with Light Batteries A
and C of the Second Artillery, and was
elected as second lieutenant of the First
Infantry in April, 1898. In May, 1898, he
was commissioned as second lieutenant in
the First California Volunteers; and went
with ihis regiment to the Orient. In Au
gust of the same year he was promoted to
first lieutenant while on active service and
after, -serving through-' the- campaign 1 was
mustered out at' the Presidio in Septem
ber, 1S99. In June, 1901, he was commis
sioned as captain of Company C, to which
position he was re-elected a few days ago.
NEWLY ELECTED CAPTAIN OF COMPANY C OF CALIFORNIA'S NA
TIONAL GUARD, WHO IS SPLENDIDLY EQUIPPED TO FILL THE
POSITION BECAUSE OF SERVICE ON THE PHILIPPINE FIELDS. ;
Fannie Bloomfleld Zeisler, the pianist,
will be heard in her first recital to-mor
row evening at Metropolitan Hall. She
will also be heard on Thursday night and
Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
"The Dangers of a Great City" Is the
attraction to be seen at the Central Thea
ter to-night. The management promises
a lavish scenic production and elaborate
mechanical effects.
The burlesque production of "Fiddle Dee
Dee" at Fischer's Theater has caught the
fancy of playgoers, and the theater has
been crowded at every performance. The
burlesque will enter on Its second week
this evening, with bright prospects of
keeping the "standing room only" sign
displayed for some time to come.
The Alcazar has a big attraction for
this week in Broadhursfs famous comedy
"Why Smith Left Home," which will be
played at the local house for the first
time this evening. ;
Sardou's society drama "Fedora" will be
presented to-night at the Grand Opera
house, with Melbourne MacDowell and
Florence Stone in the principal roles.
The Tivoii enters to-night on the second
week of the comic opera "The Fortune
Teller," with every Indication of a suc
cession of crowded houses. The produc
tion is one of the best ever seen at this
theater and is likely to be the attraction
for some weeks. '
At the Columbia Theater this evening
E. S. Willard, the distinguished English
actor, will be seen in the charming com
edy "The Professor's Love Story." writ
ten by J. M. Barrie. the author of "The
Little Minister." In this delightful play
Willard has scored one of his biggest tri
umphs in the East, and he is sure to Gu
plicate his success here.
There are so many clever features in
"The Sons of Ham," the show headed by
Williams and Walker at the California,
that a second visit Is positively necessary
to eirjoy them all. The second week of this
aggregation of colored artists, whose su
periors have never been seen here, opened
last night with another packed house. A
number of changes were made in the pro
gramme of musical seclections and the
performance was greeted with unstinted
applause. Williams and Walker, each of
whom has his own line of humor, created
laughter without limit. Their support is
of the best, and the songs are well sung
by an able corps of vocaiizers. There are
so many funny situations in the piece that
one gets tired laughing, if such a thing
were possible. \ r ,.,
Next Monday night the popular Neul
company opens Its annual season in "Cap
tain Letterblair." For the second week a
new Eastern novelty will be offered In
Opie Reid's "The Starbuck," which has
just finished a run of ten weeks in Chi
cago.
Banks and Winona Winter had several
clever songs and imitations to offer, and
they were kindly received.
The Pacific Coast views on the biograph
are exceedingly entertaining, and alto
gether the Orpheum's bill is one of the
best that has held the boards there in
some time.
The three Mortons, Sam, Kittie and
Clara, give a splendid imitation of Irish
wit and humor, and their dances were
new and cleverly executed. The Petching
brothers, with their "musical flowers,"
were encored several times. The act is
quite a novelty, having never been pre
sented here bfore. ¦ ¦¦¦'¦' '¦
"The Pony Ballet," the latest London
noveltj', holds the boards as the -main at
traction. The members of the ballet, eight
in number, were brought' out several
times. They immediately caught the
crowd by their clever songs and dances.
Among the hold-overs from last week
were the Clipper Quartet, Miss Marie
Walnwright and James H. Cullen.. The
quartet presented its comedy sketch, "Un
cle Kph's Dream," and It put the crowd In
a good humor to enjoy the rest of the
show. Marie Walnwright, Edward Eisner
and Walter Per.nlngton again scored a
success In "Josephine and Napoleon," and
James H. Cullen brought down the house
with his clever parodies.
A show of unusual merit and cleverness
was presented last night at the Orpheum
to the usual packed house. The bill was
varied and afforded the audience an op
portunity to witness vaudeville at its
best. The hold-overs had new stunts to
present and were well received, while the
other acts were entirely new and look the
house by storm.
Nightly by Burlesque
"Fiddle Dee Dee."
Fischer's Is Being Packed
Funny "Sons of Ham"
Lifts the Roof at
California.
ORPHEUM SHOW
IS OF THE BEST
NOTE — The high ' and . lew . waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later. than at Fort Point;
the height . of tide Is the same at . both places.
United States Coast . and -Geodetic Survey —
. Times and Heights of High and Low
•Waters at Fort Point. . entrance .to San
Francisco ¦ Bay. '. Published by official au
• ¦ thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY, APRIL 14.
Sun rises .....5:36
Sun sets. . . . . . . ..?... . . : .....:..... . . . : 6:44
Mooq sets (first quarter)..' . .....0:23 a. m.
I. France" loses about 150,000 persona every'
year .through tuberculosis.
LOUISVILLE*. Ky., April 14.— Philip
Hacs,,a 14-year-old boy In his freshman
year at the Manual Training High School,
has been arrested by Secret Service Agent
Donnelly on the "charge of making coun
terfeit nickels and quarters. _ The boy'»
story is that he found the money. Hut the
secret service agent declares he haa mada
use of the dies and mold. employed In the
rnetal- working department of the School.
The counterfeit is crude and the officers
¦believe the boy is alone in his work.
Boy .Counterfeiter Arrested.
¦ NOTE— In the ; above exposition of ' the ' tides
the early morning '¦ tides ; are given in the ¦ left
hand column and - the successive ¦ tides . of 1 the
day in the order of occurrence as 'to time; the
lourth time column gives the last -tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The, heights given are. In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when 'a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and. then the number
given ¦, is ' subtracted Trom -\ the ' depth ¦ given by
the charts. . The plane of reference is the mean
ot . the ' lower low waters. :
ST. LOUIS. April 13.— Local
Fair ofBcials do not Indorse . the state
ments made -by National Commissioners
Allen and Carter at Washington, pub
lished in a local paper to-day, . that be
cause the United States Government, in
addition to foreign governments, ' could
not be . ready . for the ; opening of the
World's Fair in 1903 announcement of the
postponement should be made. Several
of the exposition officials seen to-day
maintained that there need be no post
ponement unless such action wa3 forced
by the non-action of those who must of
necessity assist in the building of the fair.
Favor Opening Fair on Time.
Mr. ','• Charles '¦. Goodrug »an old . farmer and
uncle . of August), Claudina Ghlbaudi « (aged 7
years) ; August Goodrugr.- May Luchetti; Albert,
Annie Borinl;. William, Katie Maccarlo; Ernest,
Emilia •?• Capurro ; <! Isidore, Ruby Bacigalupl;
Frederick, :Anlta v ¦ Gill • (students); < ' Bartan,
Eleonore Bacigalupl; ' Peter, Genevleve Bogan;
Tom, . Katie « Chiama; > Black, • Delmlra Setaro
(colored musicians) ; Juliette ¦ (August' s sweet
heart),^ Alice Camozzi ; (aged 8 years); -Lucy, s
Ethel ¦ Sllvestri; ' Mary, '- Irene j Baclgalupi; ; stu
dents — Charles. -i Maria . Damozonlo; , Anselmc,
Eva Ostinl; /James, ' Eva :.l Chiama; 'Martin,
Gludltta J Massone; '<;, George, - Stella • Dondero;
Natal. Ida, Parodl;^ Emll.i Paollna Anastacl;*
chorus and dancers— Emilia! Ethel i Sllvestrt;
Mary," Lena; Parodl: Amalia, Romllda Ferrog
grlaro; Rose, Lulu Band; Luisa, Ethel Ravanl;
Romllda, : Lena Ostinl; .Theresa, Ida Demartifai;
Gloconda. 1 . Maria : Blanchl ; ¦ Eva, i Emma . Pesani ;
Leonore,^. Stella Blanchl ; r - Matilda, ; Irene;Baci
galupl;: Peter,"^ Amalia * ; Ferrogglaro ; florist*^-"
, Gennaro. 1 P. Anastasl ; ¦ George, ; . M. • Massone. " '
The' "Students- of Padua," offered by
Mrs. Teresa Ghlbaudi, a benefit In aid of
the Italian relief committee, was "rendered
last night at Native; Sons'. Hall before a
large audience. The play, was extremely
interesting. • It -was ; acted by forty: girls
between the , ages of six and; ten years. '
The children acted; with a preciseness
that showed long/training, and reflected
great credit on ; > Mrs. 'Teresa Ghibaudi,'
who had charge; of the production. .The
cast was as follows : . ; v
mittee Held • at Native Sons'
••¦;:': : Hall;
Benefit in Aid of Italian iRslief Com-
CHILDREN ABLY ; PRESENT :
"THE STUDENTS OF PADUA"!
COLUMBIA, S. C. April 13.— In the
presence of thousands who came to pay
their last tribute of love and respect the
body ' of "Wade Hampton was buried
in the old; family lot in Trinity Church
yard to-day. Every effort had been made
by the family to have the funeral quiet,
but these who attended the obsequies of
John C. Calhoun, for which preparations
were made by the State for a week, de
clare the demonstration this afternoon
was the greatest. The outpouring of peo
ple was spontaneous. Every railroad lead
ing here. was forced to run special trains.
Veterans, their sons and daughters, mili
tary and municipal officers came .: from
every county in the State. Durnig the
short time to-day the public was per
mitted to enter the Hampton house sev
eral thousand people, including a great
many negroes; passed by the coffin. The
procession included all the organizations,
about 800 militia and the delegation from
schcols and colleges. All *- marched In
double rank and close order, and the line
was a mile and a/half long.
All were on foot except General Hamp
ton's family. Each, of the 100 Daughters
of the Confederacy caried a- floral offer
ing. Besides there were wagon loads of
magnificent flowers.
The procession moved to the church, a
little over a half mile distant, between
rows of people. Some of the houses on
the way had Confederate flags draped in
mourning. - 1 ¦ '
Seats in the church • could be provided
for but 1700 .people, while perhaps 20,000
were without. . General Hampton's family
servants were provided for within, r ¦
. Bishop Ellison Capers, assisted by four
pastors, conducted the services. V- In : the
open air the choir. sang during the buria).
Among the mourners was a body, of the
men who first went -to ¦ the war • with
Hampton— members of the Hampton Le
gion—and they carried their shot-torn flag
of Hampton's command.
After, the last ceremony men wearing
the old Confederate gray filled the grave.
:; : -\- OCEAN STEAMERS."
-. NEW,. YORK— Arrived ? April i 13-^Stmr .'• Bo
hemian, • from Liverpool ; stmr Hesperian, from
FOREIGN I PORT.
1 ¦ COMOX— Sailed ' April 12— Br stmr Wyefleld,
for Ran Francisco."... • .'• . - - *' .-¦.-- '•;-;¦.;
VICTORIA, • B Arrived ' April : 13 — Stmr
City • of Puebla, hence April : 11 ; «tmr Danube,
from* — —.';.. . :> . •¦•.-. ¦ '.. ¦ "•¦ ' .-: ,.. ¦' -'•-':
. Sunday, April 13.
.Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, for Tacoma.
TStmr Spokane, Alexander, for San Diego. r
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, for Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, for Astoria.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, for Eureka.
Stmr'Iaqua, Gunderson, for Portland.
Stmr - Eureka. Weeden. for Seattle.
Nor atmr Tltania. Eeenes, for Nanaimo. -
Ship Standard,. Getchell, for, Bristol, Bay.
: Ship . Tacoma, Pederson, for Bristol Bay.,
Ger ship Christine, Hamer, for Queenstown.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, for Honolulu.
Bark Electra, Petersen, for Bristol Bay.
'Bark Nicholas Thayer, Spar/for Bristol Bay.'
Bark Alden Besse. Kessel, for Honolulu.
Bark Levl G. Burgess, •- Younsrrren, for Ta
consa. - '¦ . ~ • • . ¦ ,. : : . . .
¦ Fr bark Francois d'Amboise, Lemellleur, for
Antwerp. : . .,
:i Schr Newark, ' Nielsen, for Stewarts Point.
...Schr Onward, Joncensen, for CoqulUe River.
' Schr Defender, I Masters, j for Apia, via Abe-
deen- ¦ V ¦ ¦ - ¦
": TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Asril 13, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind' SW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
. ' -.;• DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES— Passed ADrll 13. 0:10 a m - '
Stmr' Ac.me, from Portland, for San Pedro.
COOS : BAY — Sailed Aoril 12— Stmr , Signal ;
schr Ivy, for San Francisco; schr Jennie
Wand, for San Pedro. v • ¦ •. •
Arrived . April 13— Stmr Arcata. hence April
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed April Vt— Schr
Premier, for Bristol Bay; achr Robert , Searles,
for San . Francisco; otmr St | Paul, for Lady
smith and, Unalaska,- via Unga. • •
• REDONDO— Arrived April 13—^Stmr Chas
Nelson, from Seattle. '
Sailed April Sequoia,' for San
Francisco. • . ; ' :• .;-,•• - ; .' , •
SEATTLE— Arrived April; 13— Br ship 1 Fin
gal. • from ¦ Port Townsend. . : . ¦
. Sailed- April . 13 — Brig: Tanner, for Port
Blakeley; ¦ stmr St • Paul, for Alaska. -
Sailed April 12— Stmr Dirigro, . for • Skagway.
GRAYS/ HARBOR— Arrived- April 11— Schr
"Wawona, from ; San ¦ Pedro. ; .¦ . .;.
Salfed April : 13— Schr Lettetia. - - for San
Francls:o; schr Volant. ' for •.Ventura. - :
Arrived April 13— Schr C A Thayer, from
SanPedro. ¦¦¦¦¦ - ! ¦¦¦•'-, ,-, ,• .
¦ ¦ PORT LOS '¦ ANGELES— Arrived April 13—
Stmrs ¦ Alcatraz and Noyo, • from San > Pedro. :
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 13— Schr
Una, hence April 3. • . .,.•.•¦ :. ....
- PORT ANGELES— In bay April 13— Ship St
Paul,, for. Alaska: Br ship Peter Iredale. • .
NE AH ¦ BAY — Parsed out ' April 13 — Br stmr
Wyefield, • stmr- Washtenaw, - schr?" Robert
Searles. .. brig • W G Irwin, for San Francisco;
Br bark Gwydyr Castle, for Callao; Aus stmr
Maria, - .- for •. Vladivostok: Br ¦ stmr.vKalsow,'
from Tacoma, for Hongkong and . London. ".
i; Passed in. April * 13 — Stmr . Meteor.* hence
April 9, ¦'", for r Seattle; " stmr -, City of. Puebla,'
hence 'April '.11. for -Victoria; bktn Quickstep,
hence April 3, for ¦ Tacoma; stmr 'Asuncion,
hence - April 10. -for Tacoma; schr ; Expansion,
from • San Pedro, • for Tacoma. . . ;. ¦ •
>"- ASTORIA — Sailed April 13 — Stmr Georsre W
Elder, for San Francisco; ship St Nicholas, for
Bristol ' Bay ; ' Br bark Marion Lisrhtbody, ; for
. Queenstcwn. - - * .-¦ '. \'< ¦'•'•¦ \ ¦ •''-¦'-' •¦ •'.:¦ ¦'
¦x TACOMA— Arrived - Aurll 13 — Stmr Mack
inaw, 1 from San Francisco; schr Salvador, from
Port : Townsend. ' ' -;.-.-' •;;:
SAILED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. -
Sunday, April 13.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 14 hours from
Greenwood. .
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from Eureka
Stmr Gualala. Weber, l'l houts from Bow
ens Landin~. .
Stmr LueiU, Madsen, 14 hours from Caspar
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Diero.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 28 hours from Moss
Landlnc.
Schi- Halcyon, Johnson, 10 days from Grays
Harbor. .
Schr Monterey, Crangle, 15 hours from Lilt
tie River.
Schr Ida, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes. ¦ . ¦ . ' >
Schr Bella, Jaansen. 7 days from Sluslaw.
Schr Mary ; C, CamDbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega. . -,,-..
Thousands of People; Afr
tend the Funeral of
- .
Wade Hampton.
The schooner Halcyon, which arrived yester
day, ten days from Grays Harbor, reports that
on April 5, about 100 miles S.W. by W. of the
Columbia River, she passed through a lot of
fresh-cut pine lumber, consisting of timbers
and planks. Later on, on April. 11, she sighted
a three-masted schooner about fifty miles west
of Point Gorda. The schooner was lumber
laden and had evidently been in heavy weather.
Her fore and main topmasts and fore ,tower
masthead had been carried away. She was
bound south. ¦ ,
Sights Disabled Craft.
LAST TRIBUTE
OF THEIR LOVE
Newburg Sticks in Mud.
.The schooner Newburs went ashore yester
day morning at the entrance to Oakland Creek.
She : was floated again and sustained no dam
age. »- A new mud . bank • has • formed In the
channel leading to Oakland harbor and the
Newburg is by no means the first vessel that
has found It.- It is quite a long time since
the Government was requested to appropriate
funds for establishing daylight ranges to guide
mariners through this intricate and constantly
changing waterway. The local engineers are
doing all they can to hasten Government ac
tion.
In spite of a promise made in the early part
of the ,week, visitors, were not allowed- on
board the battleship Wisconsin yesterday. The
war vessel did not finish coaling until late
Saturday afternoon, and coal dust was too
much in evidence to admit of allowing an in
spection by the public. At. every boathousu
along the beach were holiday makers ¦ clamor
ing to be taken to the Wisconsin, and the dis
appointment at the order "no visitors", was
keen and widespread. It is understood, how
ever, that the public will be allowed to' In
spect the battleship on Wednesday afternoon
and on the afternoons of • Saturday and Sun
day, if she is then at her anchorage in man
of-war's row. ..-¦;.'-¦•'.'•
No Visitors to Wisconsin.
"I shouldn't wonder if you lost 20 cents'
worth of stamps yourself in this' way
every year. Now the population of Great
er New York is approximately 3.50O.UV0.
Supposing that the waste of the sort I am ¦
talking about averaged 20 cents annually,
the-, total would be something like $7UO,0UO
In Greater New York alone. -You may
think this Is putting it pretty high, and
perhaps it is, for of course a good part
of the population of the city consists of
children, and then there are other' classes
who seldom use stamps, but it is pretty
plain that several hundreds of thousands
of dollars are lost to Uncle Sam in this
city every year in stamps that are paid
for and never used.
"Hot weather used to be responsible for
more gain for the Postoffice Department
than any other one cause. Stamps were
ruined by the thousands because the
gum melted and they stuck to one
another.
"The little oiled paper books of stampa
that are sold now and that are getting to
be so popular have interfered with this
source ot governmental revenue. They
separate the gummed edges so that they
cannot stick together.
"Then there's another practice indulged
in by many advertising and business
firms that puts a good deal of coin Into
Uncle Sam's pocket in the course of every
twelve months, and that's the practice of
sending out unsolicited letters asking for
trade .or patronage of some sort. These
are often accompanied by stamped aad
addressed envelopes for a reply that in
the maiority of cases is never made.
"I suppose, as a mater of fact, not one
tenth of ¦ them ever elicit replies. Thua
the stamp that has been paid for is not
used and the Government is paid for
work not done. A few business houses
that I. know of collect such envelopes and
redeem them when they have got enough
to make it worth the while, but very few
take the trouble to do this. There aro
thousands of reply postal cards, too, that
are never used.
"Lots of people are careless about ptxt»
ting- stamps on envelopes and pape?
wrappers. The result is that often be
fore the stamp has been canceled it has
fallen oft and the letter Is held up at the
other end of the line until postage is
paid.
• "A great many more folks put on too
much postage. They slap on two 5-cent
stamps to a package that needs only one.
They are too busy or too indolent to take
the trouble to find out whether a pack
age requires 5 or 10 cents postage. It is
amazing how ignorant well educated and
intelligent people often are about such a
common matter ' of information as tho
postal rates for different classes of mat
ter. They pay for their ignorance, too,
and pay well, altogether.
"Of course there is no way In which to
tell just how much money la wasted in
these different ways, but It must be plain
after what I've said that it's a pretty
big fortune every year. The beauty of It
is that the Government always gets the
i benefit of. any mistakes. If too little
postage is put on a letter Uncle Sam sim
ply holds it up until' the difference is
paid. If too much is put on. Uncle Sam
simply pocket3 the excess, to which he is
not entitled, and says nothing."
"I don't think it can be saying too
much to say that Uncle Sam is much
more than Jl.OOO.OCO in pocket every year
as a result of carelessness in the use of
stamps. The Government never loses
anything by such carelessness, and . »l
ways gains.
"How many do you put loose in a
drawer of your desk or in a corner of
your pocket-book or wallet and never
think of again until you come across
them, aged and decrepit, while rummag
ing about months later?* Of course, no
body ever thinks of even trying to re
deem such stamps. They couldn"t if they
tried it.
"Considering the American instinct for
the acquirement of dollars, and the fact
that stamps are as good as money in th:.i
country, it is hard to understand just
why such a huge amount of money is lit
erally thrown away every year by wast?
ing stamps.
"Maybe you think I'm exaggerating the
truth when I say huge sums, but that's
just because you are not in a position to
see what goes on. Neither am I person
ally, but stamps are in 'my tine, and £
take pains to ask the delivery superin
tendent and the receiving clerks a few
things occasionally, and what they tell
me Is astonishing.
"Foreigners tell me that we Ameri-,
cans are just about the most wasteful
people on the face of the round earth,"
said a stamp clerk in an up-town branch
postal station the other day, "and I guess
that is about the case. I know it's so. if
we waste other things the way we do
stamps. '
Letters Are Sources of Great
Profit.
Spoiling Stamps and Overpaying on
. In spite of the expensive dredging operations
conducted by the Harbor Commissioners at
Channel street, .navigation in that part of the
harbor in still fraught- with danger and de
lay. The inside of the mud bank has been
dredged out/ but the State dredging depart
ment-has left a ship trap at the entrance of
the narrow waterway, which catches and holds
for varying spells nearly, every vessel that has
business in the bay wharf district. The steam
er Arctic is still a fixture in the mud and only
the vigorous efforts of a lusty red-stack tow
boat saved the schooner Halcyon from a sim
ilar fate yesterday morning. ..
DTedging That Does Not Help.
WASTEFULNESS COSTS
MILLIONS YEARLY
W. T. : Edwards, ! a freight clerk ' in the em
ploy of the California and Northwestern Kail-
i way.*, was found dead at 7:15 yesterday morn
ing at his station of duty in the Tiburon ferry
freight • office. Heart disease is supposed to
have . ". caused 'death. Edwards collected the
tickets for the theater boat on Saturday night
and -went : home, i apparently .. in j good* health,
He complained' of feeling faint before he left
home yesterday morning, , but started for work
as usual, and evidently reached the office
about 7 o'clock. He was found fifteen minutes
later by a fellow .employe, sitting in a chair
and dead. The Coroner was notified, 1 but after
an investigation permittedthe removal of the
body to a private undertaking establishment-
Edwards had been in the service In which he
died| for more than seventeen years, and. was
known -by sight and by name — "Tom" every
body called him — to thousands of commuters.
He was 59 years of age and leaves a wife
and two children, with whom he resided at 1147
Shotwell street, i • J
Old Employe Dies on Duty.
Every "tug boat in the port put in a
busy day yesterday and quite a fleet of
sailing craft was towed through the
Golden Gate and started across the Pa
cific/The barks Alden Besse and Andrew
Welch for. Honolulu were the first to be
taken outside and: turned over to the
northwest wind.; The French tfark Fran
coise d'Amboise, , which started some time
ago, but had to return for a new rudder,
got safely started on her voyage to Ant
werp, and the German ship Christine
sailed for Queenstown. The Lev! G. Bur
gess, which returned to port seeking med
ical aid for one of her officers, resumed
her, voyage to Tacomai and the American
schooner Defender left for Aberdeen, from
which port she. will proceed to Apia. The
Nicholas Thayer sailed for Bristol Bay.
"No Visitors" Order- on the
Battleship Wisconsin Dis
appoints Many.
Towboats Take a Big
¦ Fleet Through the
Golden Gate.
MANY VESSELS
SPREAD SAILS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALiLj- MOJNDAY, APRIL 14, .1902.
ACTUAL EXPERIENCE ONE
OF HIS QUALIFICATIONS
Chooses Soldier Who Has Faced Bullets.
Company C in Electing Frank K. Moore Captain I
7
Steamer.
!
From.
I Due.
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma [Apr. 14
Derpatch.... San Pedro Apr. 14
Progreso Seattle Apr. 14
Santa Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. Apr.* 11
Sequoia ...... San Pedro Apr. 14
San Pedro... Santa Barbara Apr. 14
SanMntep... Nanalmo Apr. 14
Neko Hamburg: via West Coast Apr. 14
Sinta Monica San Pedro Apr. It
S Barbara... Grays Harbor ." Apr. 14
Arcata....;'.'. Coos Bay - Apr. 15
descent City (Crescent City . ..... Apr. 15
l-omona Humboldt .. Apr. 15
Alameda..... Honolulu Apr. 13
China China & Japan Apr. 15
O. *W. Elder.. Portland Sc Astoria Apr. 15
Victoria Oyster Harbor ..... Apr. 15
SVashtenaw. . Tacoma Apr.' 16
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 17
Urr.etiUa . Puset Sound Ports Apr. IT
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 17
Point Aiena.. Point Arena... Apr. 17
Lakme Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 17
Kureka Humboldt Apr. 17
Rival Willapa Harbor Apr. IS
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 18
Mardalay... Coqullle River Apr. 18
NorthFork.. Humboldt '...Apr. 19
G. Dollar Grays Harbor , Apr. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria....' Apr. 20
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Doric China & Japan .* Apr. 22
City of Pucbl Puget Sound Ports Apr. 22
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoc.a Apr. 22
Argyll ... New York via Panama. [Apr. 24
Steamer.
Destination.
) Sails. I Pier.
April 14. I
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 10 amtPler lfl
Argo Ferndale & Eel P.lv. 4 pm Pier 2
Corcnado.. Grays, Harbor . 5 pm Pier 2
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven 5 pm Pier 16
Seouola Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... a pm Pier IS
Eureka.... Humboldt ......12 m Pier 13
. April 15.
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
G.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor Pier —
IsVnrburg.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
S. Monica. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
H. K. Maru China & Japan I 1 pm|PMSS
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma...|10 am|Pier fi
April 1«. ¦ • I 1
Santa Cruz. Newport *. Way Ptai n amiPIer U
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 am I Pier 9
Rainier Seattle & N. "What. 5 pm|Pler 2
April 17. |
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 0 am|Pler 11
Pomona.... Humboldt ......... 1:30 pIPter »
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m|Pier 13
J.S.Kimb'll Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amlPler 2
. April 18. I • ¦
G.Klder... AJtoria A VorUxnd U amiPIer 24
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts 12 mlPMSS
- -April 1O. I
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 2 pmiPler 2
Alameda . . . Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Portland..: Nome via Seattle Pier —
April SO.
Coos Bay.. £an Pedro * \Vay. 9 am Pier 11
Lakme..... Astoria & Portland ..;... Pier —
April 21.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Mandalay.. CoqulUe River 4 pm Pier 2
Rival...... Wlllapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
i - April 2ft. ¦
China China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
G Dollar:'. Grays Harbor; 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 1 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Humboldt. . . . Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. 14
Bertha.?.... Cooks Inlet &. Way Pts. Apr." IS
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. IS
Cottags City. Rkagway & Way Ports. [Apr. 15
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. 17
Cltyof Topekt Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Nome City... Nome direct .'. Apr. 21
Jeanle Nome direct.. ...Apr. 24
Excelsior. . . . Cooks *Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 25
O Time Time Time Time
Ji — — Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o H W ; L W H W I, W
14 3:31 4.9 10:39 0.2 5:55 4.C 11:00 3.1
15 4:42 4.7 11:43 0.4 .6:53 4.8 ..........
L "W >:' H W • !¦ W ' ¦ -. - H W
16 0:17 2.9 6:04 4.5 12:42 0.6 7:45 5.0
17: 1:23 2.5 7:22 4.6 1:3S .0.8 8:31 .5.3
IS 2:20 1.9 8:31 .4.7 2:33 1.1 0:13 5.5
19 3:10 1.4 0:32 4.8 3:10 1.3 9:51 5.5
20 3:57 1.0 10:27 4.0 3:56 1.6 10:27 5.5
21 '4:30 0.7 11:19 '4.9 4:34 ; 1.9 11:01 5.5
Steamer.
Destination.
) Sails. I Pier.
April 14. I
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 10 amtPler lfl
Argo Ferndale & Eel P.lv. 4 pm Pier 2
Corcnado.. Grays, Harbor . 5 pm Pier 2
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven 5 pm Pier 16
Seouola Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... a pm Pier IS
Eureka.... Humboldt ......12 m Pier 13
. April 15.
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
G.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor Pier —
IsVnrburg.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
S. Monica. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
H. K. Maru China & Japan I 1 pm|PMSS
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma...|10 am|Pier fi
April 1«. ¦ • I 1
Santa Cruz. Newport *. Way Ptai n amiPIer U
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 am I Pier 9
Rainier Seattle & N. "What. 5 pm|Pler 2
April 17. |
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 0 am|Pler 11
Pomona.... Humboldt ......... 1:30 pIPter »
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m|Pier 13
J.S.Kimb'll Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amlPler 2
. April 18. I • ¦
G.Klder... AJtoria A VorUxnd U amiPIer 24
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts 12 mlPMSS
- -April 1O. I
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 2 pmiPler 2
Alameda . . . Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Portland..: Nome via Seattle Pier —
April SO.
Coos Bay.. £an Pedro * \Vay. 9 am Pier 11
Lakme..... Astoria & Portland ..;... Pier —
April 21.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Mandalay.. CoqulUe River 4 pm Pier 2
Rival...... Wlllapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
i - April 2ft. ¦
China China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
G Dollar:'. Grays Harbor; 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 1 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Humboldt. . . . Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. 14
Bertha.?.... Cooks Inlet &. Way Pts. Apr." IS
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. IS
Cottags City. Rkagway & Way Ports. [Apr. 15
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. 17
Cltyof Topekt Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Nome City... Nome direct .'. Apr. 21
Jeanle Nome direct.. ...Apr. 24
Excelsior. . . . Cooks *Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 25
O Time Time Time Time
Ji — — Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o H W ; L W H W I, W
14 3:31 4.9 10:39 0.2 5:55 4.C 11:00 3.1
15 4:42 4.7 11:43 0.4 .6:53 4.8 ..........
L "W >:' H W • !¦ W ' ¦ -. - H W
16 0:17 2.9 6:04 4.5 12:42 0.6 7:45 5.0
17: 1:23 2.5 7:22 4.6 1:3S .0.8 8:31 .5.3
IS 2:20 1.9 8:31 .4.7 2:33 1.1 0:13 5.5
19 3:10 1.4 0:32 4.8 3:10 1.3 9:51 5.5
20 3:57 1.0 10:27 4.0 3:56 1.6 10:27 5.5
21 '4:30 0.7 11:19 '4.9 4:34 ; 1.9 11:01 5.5
Steamer.
!
From.
I Due.
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma [Apr. 14
Derpatch.... San Pedro Apr. 14
Progreso Seattle Apr. 14
Santa Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. Apr.* 11
Sequoia ...... San Pedro Apr. 14
San Pedro... Santa Barbara Apr. 14
SanMntep... Nanalmo Apr. 14
Neko Hamburg: via West Coast Apr. 14
Sinta Monica San Pedro Apr. It
S Barbara... Grays Harbor ." Apr. 14
Arcata....;'.'. Coos Bay - Apr. 15
descent City (Crescent City . ..... Apr. 15
l-omona Humboldt .. Apr. 15
Alameda..... Honolulu Apr. 13
China China & Japan Apr. 15
O. *W. Elder.. Portland Sc Astoria Apr. 15
Victoria Oyster Harbor ..... Apr. 15
SVashtenaw. . Tacoma Apr.' 16
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 17
Urr.etiUa . Puset Sound Ports Apr. IT
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 17
Point Aiena.. Point Arena... Apr. 17
Lakme Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 17
Kureka Humboldt Apr. 17
Rival Willapa Harbor Apr. IS
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 18
Mardalay... Coqullle River Apr. 18
NorthFork.. Humboldt '...Apr. 19
G. Dollar Grays Harbor , Apr. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria....' Apr. 20
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Doric China & Japan .* Apr. 22
City of Pucbl Puget Sound Ports Apr. 22
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoc.a Apr. 22
Argyll ... New York via Panama. [Apr. 24
Nothing is more annoying to men j or
women of middle, age when they notice
that their hair is growing thinner, . when
they must admit that the first indications
of baldheadedness have commenced to ap-
pear. Many would give a thousand dol-
lars and more for a remedy with which,
to preserve their natural head-dress.
However, they don't need to. Newbro's
Herplcide removes the effect of dandruff
by destroying the cause, the only dandruff
cure that actually destroys the dandruff
germ. . • '
Dandruff Germs.
New Eemedy That Destroys .the
HERPICIDE'S MISSION.
AMTJSEMEKTS. __
Evec!affs at S Sharp. Matinee Saturday at 2
Sharp.
•'FOR SHE IS SO GOOD!"
THAT'S WHY CROWDS ARE COllftCG TO
theTortijne
TELLER.
ALICE NEILSEN'S GREAT SUCCESS, •
POPULAR PRICES 25c. «ic and 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
NEW ~SHOW !
Sam, Kittie and Clara. Morton; The
Pony Ballet; Banks and Winona
Winter; Petching Brothers; Marie
Wain wright and Company; The
Clipper Quartet; James H. Cullen,
and the Biogxaph, showing Golden
Gate and Vernal Falls.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs, and Box Spate, 50c.
TO-NIGHT^ffPstah-K.
Matinee Saturday Only.
l\ WILLAR D
First Time Here of the Comedy, ,-.'. V
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY"
IjS. 1L Burie, wtier «f "The Little Kiniitet."
Beginning Next • Monday — Last Week of MR.
E. S. WILLARD. "DAVID GARRICK."
'TOM PINCH." etc.
Beats $2. $1 50. fL 75c. 50c. 25c
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
Farewell Performance Saturday Night.
WILLIAMS & WALKER
Aad Their Own Company, in
THE SONS OF HAM.
Next— MONDAY EVENING, APRIL 21, -
Mr. James Neill and His Company.
Presenting the Dainty Comedy Drama,
CAPTAIN LETTERBLAIR.
In Preparation
The Latest Hestern Pronounced Stage Success,
•THE STARBUCKS."
SUBSCRIBERS' SEATS READT.
6INGLE SEATS— THURSDAY.
FISCHER'S t«eat E r|
OTarreil. bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231.
"THIS IS A TUIUMPHATION."
•TOU CAN SIT IF YOU BUY QUICK." -•-.'
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
There never will be an abatement. Get in
line .early to secure seat; Everything new
this week, and new features every week.
Maude Amber. Coleman. Kellar Kolb.
Dill. Bernard. Blake. Hermsen, Hope
and Emerson, the Weber & Field's .Daisies,
ar.-i the caly "Up-to-Date" Chorus here.
Krep your eyes open for our next sensation.
MetSnees Sat. and Sun. Reserved seats at
nght, 25c and 50c. Matinees, 25c all over the
house. Children at Mats.. 10c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
Week.
Last Week But One of Our $1000 Star.
MELBCURNE MACDOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In Eardou's Society Drama,
"FEDORA."
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
Next Week— Farewell Week of MEL-
BOURNE MACDOWELL and FLORENCE
STONE In Sardou Repertoire.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate 'production of the Latter-Day Melo-
drama, THE
.DANGERS OF
A GREAT CITY.
Stirring Incidents — Side-Splitting Comedy.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE IT.
PPffCC Evening 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
lalCLj Matinee 10c, 15c. 25c
'{%stH HAT R £r\t
Bslaeco & Thail. Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Broadhurst's Greatest Laughing Success,
WHY SMITH
LEFT HOME.
An Avalanche of Fun. A Laugh in Every
Word. A Scream In Every Line.
PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
ZEISLER,
pianist. — - ...
4 recitals 4
metropolitan hall.
to-morrow night.
thursday night. wednesday and
saturday afternoons.
Reserved Seats — 75c. «, $1.50, $2. On sale
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'«.
. STEIXWAY PIANO USED.
glg^s RACING
*l^j< '*ii. • Every Week Day—
wr Rain or Shine.
MEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
P.acec etart at 2:15 p. in. charp.
Kerrj-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12-.M, 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved ror
ladies ar.d their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via.
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak
land. Alto all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric car*
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 jj. m. and immediately after the last
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
Weekly CalI t $l;00 per Year
' "5w Babies' pink
J^ cheeks indicate
good health.
JZ Good health
comes with proper
food. Mellin's Food
is a proper food. A
Send a postal for (W,
a free sample. feJ?
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY. .JllA
. BOSTON, MAS5. \
; 222-224 SUTTER ST.
¦¦ FOR THIS WHOLE WEEK ZZZHZ=Z=Zr=IZ
25% OFF ON OUR ENTIRE LINE OF TEAS
50c. te»» will cost yon only 37J£ and others will be reduced in proportion.
This is the biggest redaction in teas we have ever made.
n ir Finest Table • 2C- Rr?lii/!w" BALDWIN " Regular $1.35 tf| Aft
DUtter Re g. 4 oc. square 3&C OOMf bottle. Vintage 1884. $1.00
6 Regular S5.OO gallon S4.00
Soap SSPStfiS^Sd^ 8 cks 25c Oldest ««*¦ « «*• »bt
Aramonia rc^: s>> wa^«fe 20c Honey in the Comb **~ 15c
Call SoapR^S rmany Cake. 20c Moth Jhlls 5^-^^^ 5c
For removing grease or tar spots. Restores VltlPOrjir Cider Reo- «o «.n«« 1*n
the colors of silks or fipest woolens. • TlliCgdl, uaer. Keg. 35c gallon
M i ¦ Easter Cakes. Reg. ioc. *C r White Wine, Reg. 5Oc, gallon 35c
WatZOS Fresh and crisp. 3 lb. pkg. £3C» n^t V p nr 5 n - Reg. ,oc pk S . -«_
10 n>». pkss, isc. iiecKer s ranoa 3 & z?c
If I [ U«o I fi^t q Mlit 7' llb ' Mr „ For invalids and children.
¦BatzoMeaUeg-ijrn^ ivc flavoring Extracts
< otf sounce Reg. 50c - 35c. 2 ounce Reg.aw- 20c
Potato Flour Regular 10C ,fe.25c l^a^asE tolwa -
Coke's Dandruff Cure 65c Smelling Salt 9 £- J£;
Reg. S 5 c. Guaranteed to cure Dandruff or ; Re «- aad 3*. Crowa Perfumery Co.
.... . ||^f rSJS;^ % "Colgate's" Ext. Box 35c
4/11 oOaD Reg. 2oc. Cake 43C Reg. 50c. In fancy boxes .
Glycerine, White Rose, Lily of Valley "VfrfniMJl" Fy+ Reg. 50c 55
C««li«* D/v«r^ a * in Envelopes ja. TlWlUlltt EAl. AU odors O3C
Mcnsi rowcier Reg. 40c. due «v;/»*aW«" Face aad to ° th powder *~
Roger & Gallet— all odors N -!~ TlWlUria Eeg.zscfirst time at bot. I3C
Eau De Toii^Si?ffiaiK Talcum PowderRe^ y oc J t?n!X25c
Reg. 81.10, 8 ounce bot 95c. o Almond toilet, Reg. 350:3 cake box/^ff
. . Toilet "Greer's" <je 30dp "Colgate's" softens the skin LdC
AmmOnia Reg. 3°c LOG C nQn Violet Glycerine. 3 cake box «a
Rose, lavender and violet JVAy Reg. 23c. Jergens & Co., Cine. u"C
auweek-c I Q a R S— a 1, 1. week .-I'.i'. :.-:
Plantation "Mexican" rV£c25: Perlade Santiago R°eg n ,So $1.50
Packed id bundles of 25c each, Reg. $1.15 Made in Key West,
bundle »1.OO. 5% in. long— a sweet smoke.
Saturday only— Candy, F^^d7^e g . 35c ; .' . ib. 3fl c
Country orders solicited at these reductions. Watch next Monday's ads.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
You're Safe *^3
I I In patronizing a modern. I I
fa_yf up-to-date optical house SC-^i
|i*ij like ours. . We have the |32j
W 1 knowledge and facilities to W ¦. M
1 J do absolutely - the best I M
f}^§ work— which, after all, is [FfcSl
IS-?* none too good for such a [Sr^j
M 1 delicate organ as the eye. ¥ ¥
hJ hocue-kincLa
jri optical co. jnj
kJ 2il Post St.. ahoYJ Grant Ave. LJ
Do | a nt\ Desirable location.
1 Clluvv unsurpassed cuisine,
u n e q u a 1 e d ' ser-
51 fin v * ce and mod ern
UliU conveniences are the
• ¦ attributes that have
ilforin made these two- hb-
liiallU tels. popular with;
tourists and travcl-
Knfalc . ers who visit San
llUlClJ •Francisco.ART AIDS NATURE IN EXTENDING A DACHSHUND^ WHICH; WITH GREAT^ DANE, WILL BE SEEN AT BENCHSHOW
BATTERY A,' FIRST' ARTILLERY, NA
TIONAL GUARD - OF, CALIFORNIA,
MONTHLY MEDAL SHOOT.
-About forty bartendera attended services
in a Cleveland church on a" recent Sunday
The afternoon game was ten Innings of
fast and exciting ball* The locals pound
ed Schmidt for three runs . in the first
Inning, which score the Oaklanders tied
tn the second inning-. From that point
LOS ANGELES, April 13.— Los Angeles
won two games from Oakland to-day.
Both were notable for unusual and ex
citing features. In the morning game
McPartlin's pitching and the heavy bat
ting, fast base-rurmlrig and clean fielding
' ot the locale were the features. Not a
single hit did McPartlin allow the Oak
land men, and only once did a man get
farther than second base. Reilly drove
the ball over left field fence for a home
run and Anderson put one under
right filed fence a few moments
later, scoring two runs. Anderson
made his debut behind the bat and
caught the fancy of the crowd by his
quickness in throwing to second and his
iieavy stickwork. .
ANGELS TAKE TWO GAMES.
The members of-thc committee are: A."
M. MacPherson, J.vA. ;McLeod, F." F.FIn
lay, '¦ James H.: Duncan, J. W.' Cameron.
Dr.iJ: A." J.fMcDonald; .William Urquhart,
Angus McLeod,\Wiiliam Mitchells Charles
A.. McPhee,' James Gorie,'- George W. Eld
er, :D.p. McRae,- D. J. McFarlane,- Jr M.
Duncan, ;j;: E/T MacCormac and: Thomas
Wilson. v'They.haverdetermlned. -to make
thisyear;s* gathering the 'most; successful
in". the club's history. "WSSBHSMtKB
The games committee of the Caledonian
Club^hasxcompleted. the .'-programme ' of
events f for.; the V annual'", gathering.* and
games, :to be. held:, at -Shell 'Mound, Park
on ": May, 30y- .There are : fifty '.events alto-,
gether,', 'and', some^."special, features
been introduced this year. , The prizcs'will
aggrogatelover 400 per' cent 'more than at
any; previous gatheringjof the club. This
will" induce • athletes ¦ from • a ' distance : to
compete::; -> ¦¦¦¦.: i-V : :-iv . ;: - ,..•.,.- .•-;.-_
Committee Completes .the Programme
of Events, Which • Will Be
Fifty in Number. -
CALEDONIANS PREPARE '
: ¦ , FOR ANNUAL ; GAMJES
Bi£ Entry in ' Kentucky Futurity.
. LEXINGTON, Ky., April I3.f-Secretary'
Franklin of the Kentucky r Trotting; Horse
Breeders' Association has closed the Ken
tucky Futurity,- with 1145 entries' -.from
thirty-eight States and-.Canada.;Califor
nia sends ¦ forty-four. ' . ¦•¦: -.-: .
Among the nominators are the follow
ing: • PatchenWilkes farm, Lexington,
6; Wa.lnut • Hill ' farm, Donersil,- Ky., -.35;
Cochran Bros., Lexington, 22; .Thomas :W.
Lawson, Boston, ,21; Palo Alto and ¦ Henry
Schulbach: 20 each; J. Malcolm- Forbes,'
Boston, 18; A. S. Ashbrook, Cynthiana,
Ky., 16; A. G.Danforth&. Son, Washing
ton, 111., 15; Orchard Park farm, Lexing
ton," 14; Scott -Newmann, Louisville, 11;
:H. L. Asher, Lexington, : J. ¦ D. " Grover
Georgetown, . Ky., and , Grattan* 'farm,
Prairie View, 111:, 10 each. 7 - : ! ;. .¦•^.-.
.The product of the 1145 mares nominated'
represent the get of 283 of the most prom
inent American sires. -There' are vfl 'rec
ord animals. Thirty.-five of themarein.
the 2:10 class or .better, . forty-one v ¦ be
tween. 2:10^4 and 2:15, * t forty-three- 2:15i4 .to
2:20 and fifty-three from 2:20%'. to-2:30. •¦ '
Of the mares in the 'stake, book (274 are
of standard or better. 140 others 'of -record
and the rest of- the- highest 'standard -of
breeding. ..,¦•.¦
¦
• Second race — Lizzie Bice, Oro Viv.aj
Third race— Plan, Brutal, Lena.
Fourtli- race— Slj, Ada N, Golden
Light;/ *¦•.• ;'.//¦:• .'-.-'* :
'. ; Fifth race— Eonic, Obia, Captain
Gaines.
. Sixth race— Lass of Langdon, Pres
tano, Tyranus. ¦¦'. ¦¦' ;.
• First race— Yrsula, Flitting, Jen
nie:Hughes. .
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
San . Francisco : Schuetzen : Verein, monthly
medal 'shoot — Highest score' in champion class. ¦
August Pape 449; champion", class . medal, ,' won
by Rv- Stettin 423; flrst : class; not won; i second
class. S. Helno 411;'thlrd class, H: Tietjen 3G6;
fourth class. F. Pape . 345 ; . best first - shbt A,
Meyer 25; best last shot, S Heino 24. -
I- Golden Gate Rifle and. Pistol Club. = monthly
medal shoot.' rifle handicap— M.'F.- Blasae 224
215." 202, 200; W: F. Blasse 106; F.-E.< Mason
22S. ¦ . Gold medal — W."< Ehrenfcrd 168, 18.1,- 171 1
175,-171; J. F. Bridges 205, H. Hinkel 214. 216*
Silver medal— O. Bremer 212. A. C^Thode'l!Vl
Glindemann "; trophy— M. 1 ¦ F. • Blasse 200, . \V F
Blasse • 187." F. - E. Mason 222. ; Pistol • handicap
— W. F. • Blassfe 87. ( 84. S3, " 87.' : SO; E. L. Rel
menschneider; 50, 58;. C.-L.*;- Wheeler 64;,J.- e.
Gorman 97,; 97 ;'J.'Kullmann 81, 82. .00/ 84.' 81 : -
M.I F.' Blasse 85. Revolver handicap — H ¦'¦ Hin
kel 83, . 71 ; v J. - W. Tompkins . 67,-' 81,- 83. 81 72
fi9,- .76. » 78. = 80 ; ; J: ' Trego ; R7.< P. : A. ¦ Becker : 01 -
C. O. -.Wheeler G V J. • Kullmann S t,t J.'. E.. Gor
man .93. "-• Gold " medal,*', revolver^— L. " C. Hinkel
KT> S2/ RR. ¦ 85:.;« Gold ?~m Mai. V nrxtnl— -K *T.m.
-Germanla Schuetzen Club; competition shoot —
A." Pape 72. F. E. Mason 72, D. B. Faktor ; TO,
F. P." Schuster 70. A. Jungblut CS, J.' D. Heiie
C8. s H. Huber 6S.D. Balfleld 67.' Trophy shoot—
F. E. Mason 226.- A. . Pape 224 ~ D. .B. Faktor
222." H. Huber, 214," F. P. Schuster 209, D. Sal
field 202. < . - i :---.- ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦:-¦' - k , . .,
Battery. D, First Artillery, • National ' Guard
of California, monthly medal ¦• shoot — Sergeant
C, J. Mundl8, C. B. - Munson; 14, L. -J. Reu
bold 25, Lteutenant F. "< V. • Keesling 24, C. W.
Brooks 19. E. L. Green 17, A. : Karner IS. C.
F. Cutler. 14, Lieutenant E. L. .Hlteman 19,
R. Perrazzo .10, I. Sutherland " 14, E. Crowson
14, R: Bellnge 15, Sergeant F. W. Lurton 24.
W. BrldKeman 10, 'H. R. Deplangher 16, J. R.
Castro . 18. Corporal E. Montrose ¦ 14, Corporal
G. C/ Nutting 22; Corporal J.^P. Whitney IS,'
L. J." Maccoulllard 13, A. Ralston • 21. D* C.
Brown 19. H...N. Craig 10, H. Wilson 15, G.
W." Grimes 12, . Corporal G. W. 'Kuehn 19, Ser
geant -Walter Kemp 21, A. ¦ Duhen 13,^ L. . J.
Blot 10, C. Clark 9. E. Jacobson;23, J. Lane
19. C. C. Story 14, E. P. Jacobson - 25.
• Germanla • Schuetien '., Club, '. monthly ; medal
shoot — First champion class, A. ..Gehret 224;
second champion . class, O. ' Bremer .' 219-' . first
class, J. D." Helse 208; second class, W. IGoetze
218; third class, J. Beuttler 177;' best flrst -shot,-
R. Stettin 24: best last shot, ,F.- P. 'Schuster 25.
Team shoot between members of Battery A,
First Artillery— Captain ; Nippert- 42, G. K.
Johnston. CO, G. H. Smith' 59,-. L. L. Llewelyn
59, H. Homer " 22. Corporal Schloss, 41 ; ! total,
2S7. Lieutenant Eason «1," Lieutenant Varney
50, E. R Sablatachen j 52. W. A. Rants 58,
O. C. Homer 16, Corporal Schwinn 28; total,
265. ¦ - ¦. ¦"- - ;¦ ¦ ¦'•;'¦¦- " '¦ '' . ' : ' ' ' \
¦-. Shell ' Mound . Pistol and : Rifle Club, monthly
bullseye - shoot — A.'. Thompson 22*4. H. Hub»r
::0. .E. Cobby. :«. Captain L. Siebe,40 W
Thompson 43,. P. .Ramm -i'-iW.'- A. Gay 07 -h"'
Puckhaber 72, A." Nlehaus 7«, '• J." Rinzen 80
T. Brown 8.1.. G. Mitchell : 115. C. Gelrrlne
116H.C. HeiwenberB.llSMs.B; Mitchell l'»0iA
L. - ; Murphy 123VS- ¦',-'¦ " "'
ineyer 7T>, I*C Hinkel 85. Silver medal re
volver—L. C. HInkel 85,. 75, 67, .75,. 01. Silver
medal, pistol— G. Tammeyer 84, L. ' C. " HInkel
74. ,¦'.¦¦' - ' ¦ " • i
1 Independent . Rifles. - monthly medal shoot
Corporal P. Sehonlg 38/ R. V. ntther .14. Lieu
tenant H. Schliehtmann 39, C. , Iverson 37 A
Dfetrick 1C,- C. Herring: 27; C. Kornbeck* 37
Sergeant C. Andrews 41. H. Marzolf 37.- Cor
poral J. Peck 34. Lieutenant H. Hansen 29.
¦ ¦; Norddeutscher ¦ Schuetz*n ' ,Club, monthly
bullseye shoot — O. Lemcke 61, W.'Doell 115 F
P; Schuster .15K.-F/C. : Rust 4SS;. H. Huber 70l"
O. von Borstel 814.. Captain J.'Thode 016 j'
Lankenau U22. W. Oottschalk 1001. F 1 Kocli
lllfi,: J. Gefken- 1132, J. D. Helse 1175 r>
Salfield 1311.' - - .; - ¦•."¦*
Ten-bird races — Jackson, 4, 3 : W. A. Searlei
C. 0, 7, 3: H. W. Ross. 8. 4. 5. C; Lepolds. 3
7, 6. «: Aubert. 4. 5, 5, 4; Con Roman. 6 7
5, 0; F. A. Hodapp. 7. 4; F. Harrison, 8 7*
», S; H. D. Swales, 9. 10; H. Hoyt, 10 10 7
«. 7. (J: J. B. Haucr. 7, 10; , Leavell. 7 - 7* s'
5. 10: A. J. Webb, 7. 0. 0.-3; James j l t- T
land. 7.;7, 8; K. C- Reed. 10. 8, 7, 8 0 7-'W
O. Cullen, S. 7. 8; C. S. Fleh, 4. b. 6 5 « 5 :
F. Howlett. C 6. 7. 0; C.C. Justerl if *W A r
Wattles. 10. »; U. Balrd. .4. 7: Frank. 8 *3
Twenty-bird shoot — L-»avelI. - 15: - Harrison
18; Ftsh. 18; Howlett, 17; Reed. 20; Hoyt l"'
Reed won nrst money. Harrison and Fish 'shot
(or second money, Harrison winning.
Idub championship medal race — C. C' Juster
16; A. J. Webb. 2a; R. C. Reed. 20; Hauer
22; W.-O. Cullen. 20; H. D. Swales. 20- Le^
polds. 10: C. S. Fish, 18: Leavell. n5- F
Hodapp. IS: Balrd. IS; Hauer. 20; How'lett"
20; James Ireland, 20; Harrison, 18;F Hount
12; Howlett. 20; W. S. Wattles. IS: Searles IS
a»i"i : i.i-i"i"i"M m 1 1 1 : i : 1 1 t-t-.i.^
Swales and Reed tied for highest honors
\fi the special handicap. Swales and Har
rison tied for. the Sweeney record medal,
with six breaks each to their credit. The
principal scores follow:
The members of the Empire Gun Club
held their j second monthly shoot yester
day at Alameda Point. A. J. Webb shot
in fine form, breaking twenty-four out of
twenty-five bluerocks in the " principal
match. He shot from the 22-yard mark at
fifteen singles and . five . doubles. Webb
also made the best average for the club's
championship medal. . ; • .,
Several Events.
A. J. Webb Shoots in Fine Form in
EMPIRE GUN. CLUB MATCHES.
The morning game at Oakland went to
the Harris crowd by the close score of 2
to 1. Meredith occupied the box for San
Francisco, while Thomas, who did some
pitching for Sacramento last year, was
the opposing twirler. It was a pitcher's
battle between the two men. Nordyke
brought in 'Frisco's two runs In the first
with a two-bagger over third base. Ung
laub made the Senators' only run in the
third on a pass, a sacrifice and Birming
ham's drive to left field. Score: ¦
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Eheehan, 3b 4 0 10 2 2 0
TJnirlaub. s. e 3 1 0 0 1 2 1
Doyle, 2b 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Rebsamen, c f.. 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Birmingham, lb 3 0 3 0 12 1 0
Frary. r. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
WaKner, I. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Grahani, c .10 0 0 3 0 0
Thoaias, p 2 0 0 0 0 3 1
Totals ..^29 1 5 26 21 10 2
SAJf FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. 1. f 3 1 1 0 2 0 0
Bone, 2b 2 10 0 4 4 1
Lauier, c. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Nordyke, lb 4 0 1 0 11 1 0
Holly, s. 6 3 0 0 1 2 4 0
Khusart. 3b 3 0 2 0 1 3 0
Leahy, c 2 0 1 0 5 0 0
Delmas. r. f 3 0 0 0 O 0 0
Meredith, p 3 0.. 0 0 1 1 0
'¦-'•-« -¦'.. — — — — — —
Totals 26 2 5 1*26 13 1
•Doyle out; hit by batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ...0 0 10 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 2 0 10 0 10 0 1 5
6an FranciECO 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 x 2
Base hits 2 10 0 0 0 2 0 x 5
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit — Nordyke. Sacrifice hits — Bone
<2). Lawler, Leahy. Doyle, Birmingham. First
base on errors — Sacramento 1, San Francisco 2.
First base on called balls — Off Meredith 2, off
Thomas 1. Left on bases — Sacramento 6 San
FranclBco 5. Struck out — By Meredith 5, by
Thomas 2. Hit by pitcher — Wagner. Double
jjlays — Shechan to Birmingham to Sheehan;
Holly to Bone to Nordyke. Time of game — 1:15.
Umpire — O'Connell. Official scorer — H. S. Mc-
Farlin.
• Sixth race— Six. furlongs, selling; three-year
olds and upward. '. ¦;
3584 Dorian .... . ..120r 35S3 Tiburon 117
3573 Ben Ledi.'... ..1151 3572 L. of Langd'n.107
(3557)Sklp Me. .'....112 3520 Prestano ..¦..MOO
3579 Mike Strauss.. 117 351!) Intrepldo . ...114
¦ 3581 Maraschino ..100 3584 Tyranus .10!)
3584 Merops ..117 3584 Our Lizzie. ...115
Fifth race— One " mile, selling; four-year-olds
and upward. ¦ ;, •
3578 Antolee ......107 (35Sl)Aloha II .1101
3580 UHwaine 100 (355!»Eonic ....104
(3578)Obla ... . ..101 K58S Capt. Galnes. .104
3574 Free Lance... 104 3.(02 Id 1 ho Chief II. 07
35S0 Redwald .....101 3580 Rio Shannon. .104
(358U) Marshal Nell . KC i
Fourth race^ — Seven furlongs, . selling; three
year-olds and upward.
3577 San Lution.... !»5 358G Sir' Hampton. 112
(S572)Solinus .. . 07 35SU lMly Moore. ..Id)
. CJ5U4)Golden Light. 10C :S4SS Sly .:....... .111
355!) El Oriente....l00 3547 Ada N.. .1OI
3580 Axminster .... \iH- 3550 First Shot. .. .100
3592 Varro 112, 3535 Dol. Weithoft.107
• Third race— One mile and an eighth, selling;
three-year-olds and upward. . ¦ ', •
(3543)Plan .. ... . . ..122rS589 Compass 108
S50U Royal Prize. .122 35.50 La Borgia 112
3587 Billy Lyons. ..IIS 357!) Elfonse .110
358(1 Lena 112 3.">S7 Ulm . . .' ..111
35G7 Forest "King.. .100 3540 Major Hooker.114
3038 Brutal llo| 3512 Picador 121
...,'Toto Gratiot..lO6 3570 Oro Viva. ... ..10G
3522 Donami ......100 3582 Dick Roberts. 11C
3558 Estoy Llsto...lOO 3534 Tom Mitchell. 103
3528 Escarola .....107 3252 AmorUna . ....103
3570 Len Reno. ... .103 (:557O)L!ttle Marg't.103
(35tS6)Lizzie Rice...ll2| 3570 Clarinette 103
Second race — Four furlongs, selling; two
year-olds .
The entries for this afternoon's running
events at Oakland Track are as follows:
First race— Five furlongs; three-year-old fil
lies; selling. ¦ • ... .-:•¦¦. -;
.... Sirene ..-...;. 107 3511 Yrsula'.' 112
3563 Ster. Towers.. 107 " Yankee Lass.. 107
3570 Flitting .'.' 107. 3270 Lunga 107
. ..: Azarlne . .. ...107' (3596)Knockings ...112
357B Jen. Hughes.. 107 1 357U Annie Max. ..112
3551 Cathello . 1121
Oakland Track Entries.
FAST GAME IN OAKLAND.
until the tenth there was no scoring. In
the first half of the tenth a single, a two
bagger and two errors by the Los An
geles infield gave Oakland three runs arid
to all appearances the. game.' The aspect
changed quickly, however, when the lo
cals came to bat. Anderson sent a cork
ing two-bagger against center field fence
and scored on Toman's clean single. Han
nlvan. Householder, Raymer and Reilly
followed with an assortment of singles
and two-baggers that set the big crowd
¦wild. Four runs were tallied and tMp
game was over with nobody out. ' WaU
dell was wild at times, but succeeded in
striking -out eight men. Scores:
Morning Game.
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s. s 4 0 O 0 4 3 0
Hannivan. l.f 4 1 0 2 10 0
Atherton. lb 3 ,3 1 0 9 O 1
Householder, cf. ..4 03 01 1 0
Raymer, 2b 4 0 2 0 4 3 0
Reilly. 3b. 3 110 13 0
Waddell. r. f 4 10 0 0 0 1
Anderson, c 8110 110
McPartlln, p 3 0 10 0 10*
Totals ......32 7 9 2 21 12 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Mohler, 2b 1 0 0 0 0 2 1
Streib, lb 1 0 0 0 7~ 1 < 0
McCreedie. rf.. If 3 0 0 0 10 0
Devereaux, 3b & p.. . 3 0 0 0 0 .1-...0
Dunleavy. If. & 3b.. 3 .0^ 0 0 3 3 2
Francks, ss .2 0.0 0 151
Gorton, lb&c* 3 0 0-0 5 ,0.-0
Chrh5tall. p & rf 2 0 0 0 0 1 0
Lohman, c 0 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals ..........21 0 0 0 21 13 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Wit Angeles.... 1 1 12 10 1—7
Base hits .1 1 11 2 1 2—9
Oakland ..0 000 0-0 0—0
Base hits ...... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for' — Devereaux 3, Chrlstall
2. Home runs — Reilly and Anderson. Two-base
hits— Householder (2). Sacrifice hit— Reilly.
First base on errors — Los Angeles 4, Oakland
2. First baee on called balls — Oft McPartlln 4,'
off Chrletall 1. Left on bases — Los Angeles 6,
Oakland 5. Struck out— By McPartlin 1, by
Chrlstall 2. Hit by pitcher — Lohman. Wild
pitch — ChristalL. Time of . g-ame — 1:45. Um
pire — McDonald. Attendance^ — 1500. -
. Afternoon Game. '
LOS ANGELES. \
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. !
Toman, es 4 2 10 13 0
Hannlvan, If .5 1 1 0 3 0.0
Atherton, lb ........ 5 2 2- 0 l\ _' 2 : 0
Householder, cf . .. .. f> 1 2. 0- 0 0Y0
Kayroer,- 2b ......... 5 0 2 0 3 4 0
In the second round Strlngham and
Whipple allowed Beal and Kenyon odds
of "fifteen" and won, 6-3, 6-4. Smith and
Smith gave Lane and Punnet a handicap
of "half thirty" and won, 6-1, 6-4.
In the finals Smith and Smith won from
Stringham and Whipple by default.
The other matches played on the Cali
fornia Club courts were:
• Georga. Whitney beat Robert Whitney,
14-12; Werner Stauff beat J. G. Gibson Sr.
(15), 6-2; G. Punnet beat J. MacKenzie,
7-5; A. Worthington beat Bull and Dr.
Noble, 6-0; Jack Gibson beat Alec Bey
fuss, 6-3; Charles Kuehn beat Frank
Hooper, 7-5, 6-2; Clyde Beal beat Al. Ken
yon. 7-5, 3-6, 6-2; W. S. MacGavin beat Joe
Daily, 6-0, 3-6, 4-3; L. E. Wood beat B. G.
Wood (15), C-2, 1-6, 7-5.
In doubles Stauf and Beyfuss beat Gib
son and Gibson, 6-3, 6-4; Stauf aiid Gibson
Sr. beat Beyfuss and Gibson Jr., 7-5; Bull
and Worthington beat Klink and Dr.
Decker, 4-2, 6-4, 6-2.
The Smith brothers. Grant and Chester,
again won the Davis cups yesterday, by
virtue of which victory the trophies goto
them permanently. The winners have
played together in these tournaments but
five times, winning the last four consecu
tively. It .was expected they would meet
Collier and Crowell on even terms, but as
the latter seemed willing to give a handi
cap of "owe half fifteen" the Smith bro
thers were none the less willing to take it,
although expecting to play them even.
These two teams drew each' Other in the
preliminary round and the best match of
the day resulted. It would have been a
much better match had there been no
handicap. The majority of the spectators
were of the opinion the Smiths would
have won without receiving any odds.
The ending of '¦ the tournament was
rather unsatisfactory, as Strlngham and
Whipple were .unable to play in the finals
and defaulted to the tournament winners.
It was the opinion of the spectators that
the former should have defaulted in the
preceding round and allowed their oppo
nents, Beal and Kenyon, to play in the
final.
In the first round Dick Adams and
James MacKenzie allowed Clyde Beal and
Al Kenyon odds of "half thirty" and were
beaten, 2-0, 6-2, 6-2. Frank Strlngham and
George Whipple allowed A. Worthington
and Dr. Noble "one-half thirty" and won
in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3. Dr. Lane and G.
Ptfnnett won from Frank Hopper and
Charles Kuehn, 6-3, 6-L Grant and Chet
Smith received odds of "owe half fifteen"
from Harold Crowell and William Collier
and won In straight sets, 7-5, 6-L The first
set was close, but at no time were the
winners in danger of losing.
Runs responsible for — Schmidt 5, .Waddell 5.
Three-base . hits — Francks; .-¦ Dunleavy. tH .Two
base hits — Dunleavy, Anderson. > : Sacrifice .hits
— Lohman, Mohler, Anderson. First base ' on
errors — Los Angeles 2. Oakland 2. .: ¦ First base
on called balls — Off • Waddell 3, off Schmidt ;1.'
Left on bases — Los Angeles 0, Oakland 1 ' 7.'
Struck out — By Waddell 8. by Schmidt 2. Hit
by pitcher — Mohler. Double plays — Atherton ;
Roach to Reilly to Toman. Passed balls —
Roach, Lohman. Wild pitch— Schmidt.* * Time
of game — Two hours and twenty-mlnutes." Um
pire — McDonald. . Attendance,. 7500. . ¦ , .
Base hits... 5 0.2 1 0 1 0 0 ¦ 0 5-^14
Oakland .....0300.0 0 0 ' 0 0 3— ¦ 6
Base hits. ..03 101 10. 0-0 . 2—, 8
SUMMARY. .'•. , : . . '.-
Totals .....37 6 8 1 27 16 ; .-4
i • RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles.. 3 0 0 0.0 0 0 0 0 4^7
Reilly. 3b 4 0 2 0 1 6 1
Waddell, p- 4 0 .2 0 2 2 1
Roach, c 4 0 1 0 8 2 0
Anderson, rf • .3 1 1 0 1, . 0 0
Totals -.30 7 14 0 30 19 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. 12.
Walters, cf .51 011 0 I
Mohler, 2b 3 1 1 0 3 2- 0
Strelb, lb 5 1 1 0 14 . 0 . 0
McCreedie, rf,....*. 5 1.1.0 0 ' 0-0
Devereaux, 3b 5 1 1 0 2 5. 0
Dunleavy, If ,50 20 3 0 '1
Prancks, ss 3 1 1 0 • 2 4 .2
i Lohman, c 2 0 0 0 2 3^ 0
Schmidt, p 4. 0 1. 0 0 2 .0
The water and rocks of Sausalito were
thickly coated yesterday with petroleum.
It is reported that 6000 gallons ran out two
or three nights ag<5 from- the railroad
tanks. The sides of the yachts show
broad bands of dirty grease. ¦ y . • . :'¦
The schooner Lurline, the sloop Hal
cyon and The Challenger went out for a
cruise in the channel, where they met
smooth water and a good breeze. W. G.
Morrow, captain of The Challenger, is Just
now too busy with his election as a Trus
tee of Sausallto to take much ¦ time for
sailing, but \ with the exception of himself
and ex-Commodore W. N. McCarthy, all
the crew of The Challenegr were out on
her. After rounding Presidio Shoal buoy
the crew had a little practice in setting
a spinnaker. Frank Stone's sloop Presto
was also cruising in the channel yester
day, but the boats did not come near
enough to have a trial of speed. The
Challenger behaved splendidly, moving
rapidly, with little fuss, and coming about
with surprising quickness. Her crew is
made up of W. G. Morrow, captain; ex-
Commodore W. N. McGarthy, Commodore
R. S. Bridgman, Vice Commodore A. C.
Lee, J. R. Savvey, C. F. Austin and J. C.
Cockerill. Thei live last' named and sev
eral guests were on board yesterday and
enjoyed an ideal sail.
Dr. A. W. McKenzie's sloop Sappho, fly
ing a private signal, was under way yes
terday. H. H. Jenness was busy putting
the little eloop Dewey into commission.
The sloop Zada is moored off the-.', club
house. The cutter Folly, which , went
adrift in the storm of a week ago, has
been stripped and will lie in RIchardsons
Bay during the summer, as her charterer,
G. D. Campbell, starts soon . for Nome.
The yawls Phyllis and Tramontana. and
several others of the. San Francisco fleet
are still moored to the north of theferry
slip. • -. .
Lying at their moorings yesterday were
the schooner Lurline, the yawl Royal, the
sloops Halcyon,: Cygnus, Anita and
Dewey, During the day Vice Commodore
A. C. Lee's sloop Surprise,- which has been
on a temporary set of ways, at Old Sau
sallto, was brought down toUhe water's
edge. At high water she was towed to
her moorings off the club house.
Commodore ' R. S. Bridgman's sloop
Thetis is -> on the ways at Old Sausallto
and will shortly be in commission. The
launch Rob Roy cruised over to Tiburon
and towed the sloop Rover; to Sausalito,
where she will lie during the season, hav
ing been chartered by William Haley and
some friends. • . .. • ... ¦ -•¦
The anchorage of San Francisco Yacht
Club at Sausalito is beginning to show
signs of the rapidly approaching v opening
of the yachting season.
Club shoot ¦ scores— Nauman 23, Golcher
18, Feudner 21, Neustadter 19, Forster 18,
Derby 18, F. : Feudner 24, Slade 21," Mur
doch 22, Halght 22, Edgar Forster : 21.
Wands 20, Sweeney 23, Donohoe 15. Shields
23, Drake IS: Weil 18.
Shoot for Olympic. Gun Club silver cup,
fifty bluerocks to each man, scores— Otto
Feudner 45. Nauman 48, Go'.cher 42,
Haight 45, Edgar Forster 39. Fred Feud
ner. 42, Dr. A. T. Derby 31, Neustadter 43,
Jackson 36, Slade . 43, Donohoe 44, Shields
41, Sylvester. 39. Iverson 41. King 35.
Practice scorea— Neustadter 20, Slade 23,
Drake 12, Derby 12, Nauman 24, Wheeler
18, F. Feudner 23, O. Feudner 20, Nauman
20, Donohoe 19, Nauman 24. Derby 20, Nau
man 21. Haight 19, Sweeney 24. Shields 21,
Nauman 24,. Neustadter 15. Sylvester 19,-
Thomas. 17, Iverson 23, " "Wheeler 18, Mc-
Connell 24, Sweeney 21, Donohoe 19, Drake
11. Hyde 6, Whitehead 16, Shields 21. Syl
vester. 23, Derby 10, Drake 7, Burnell 15,
Burns 16.- : . . . ' i . ,
'At the conclusion of the scheduled , con
tests yesterday Mrs. A. M. Shields, wife
of the well-known trap shot, delighted the
members of the Golden Gate Club by
showing how skillfully a lady can handle
a gun and grass bluerocks. She fired ten
shots at the swiftly flying, clay pigeons
and succeeded in breaking every one.
Next Sunday the Union Gun Club will
pepper bluerocks at Ingleside. The event
of the day will be a contest for the hand
some Shields cup. The entries in this
race will be so handicapped that the poor
shot will have an equal chance with his
more skilled opponent.
Only -two of the,3hooters were able to
break j twenty-five consecutive bluerocks,
and as a result only two gold bars were
won yesterday. One of these was carried
off by Nauman, while W. J. Golcher cap
tured Ihe other. Silver bars were won by
O. Feudner, Halght and Neustadter. .
The shoot-off of the, tie for the gold cup
between FredrFeudner and Edgar Fors
ter, held over 'from last month, resulted
in a. victory for the former. ,Thia.match
proved one ' of the most exciting events^
thai has occurred at Ingleside during" the
season.- Feudner won . by but one bird,
his score being 43, while Forster broke 42.
The handsome gold cup now becomes the
property of Fred Feudner. The winner of
the Olympic Gun Club trophy also dis
tinguished himself by making the highest
score in ! the club shoot.
The most important. event of the Golden
Gate Gun Club's trapshooting at blue
rocks yesterday at Ingleside was the con
test for the sliver cup offered by the
Olympic Club. There were fifteen entries
in the race for this trophy. It was won
by Clarence Nauman, who succeeded in
making 4S out of a possible 50. . <
Become Their Property
After, a Long Series
of Games.
Annual Shoot arid Picnic
Are Held-at r Shell
Mound; ;
The Red Men's Schuetzen Company
held its annual picnic and prize shoot yes
terday at,S,hell Mound Park. About 1500
guests were present and all. voted the oc
casion a most enjoyable one. The shoot-
Ing lasted throughout the afternoon and
will close to-day with the eagle shoot,
after which the king for " the ensuing
year, will be crowned. . • , ¦/.¦_¦ .j
The following named members "of the
company ' had charge, of
Captain Henry Grieb, Henry.., Schultz.H.
Bach, and C. Oldag and--W.t,W.-ICteuU^
kamm. D. B. Faktor, H.' Huber "and Philo
Jacoby Constituted the "prize committee.
The other organizations which held reg
ular monthly medal ' contests at Shell
Mound were Batteries A and V>, First Ar
tillery, National Guard of California; Ger
mania Schuetzen Club, -San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein, Golden Gate Rifle and
Pistol Club, Independent , Rifles, Nord
deutscher Schuetzen :. Club and Shell
Mound Rifle and Pistol Club. .
The day's scores follow:
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, annual prize
shoot, most centers — D. B.- FaJUor 60. F. P.
Schuster 82, O. Bremer 26«, C. Olday 270, A.
Pape 310, H. L. Soehlmann- 300.- A. Jungblut
3G8 W. Gllndemann ;«»0, A. Gehret 398, L.. N.
Kltzau 401), A. "Strecker 435, J. D. Feldermann
41)0, Philo Jacoby 004, D. Salneld <i80, H. Rulffa
800, G. H. Bahrs 1C87, H. Huber 1102. J.
Peters 12t)8, .R. Stettin 1509, C. . 11. . Henderson
154D. . .
Most points: Prizes were won In following
order — 1). B. Faktor, A. Pape, A. Gehret, A.
Strecker, H. L. Soehlmann. F. P. Schuster, O.
Bremer, Philo Jacoby, A. Jungblut. D. Sal
field, J. D Feldermann, H. Huber, W. Gllnde
mann, C. Oldag, H. Rulffs, CM. Henderson,
J: Peters, R. Stettin, F. Hensel, Captain H.
Grleb. ,.
Premiums-rA. Pape, A. Gehret, D. B. Fak
tor, O. Bremer. First bullseye in morning,
C. Olilag; last bullseye in morning. D. B.Fak
tor; first bullseye in afternoon, A. Pape; last
bullseye in afternoon. A. Pape.-- ¦ j
Crew of -The-- 'Challenger
Enjoys Pj-actice With
Light Sails.
Defeats Forster ¦> in the
Shoot-Off for Gold
Trophy.
SMITH BROTHERS
WIN DAVIS CUPS
FEUDNER WINS
OLYMPIC CUP
YACHTS CRUISE
IN THE CHANNEL
RED MEN SPEND
A PLEASANT DAY
In all there are more than- seventy-two
valuable cups and more'than 'five hun
dred other prizes -offered for competition
by the dogs of various breeds. The show
opens ' in Mechanics' Pavilion one. week
from Wednesday and will continue four
days.: ir-.i.V.-
The. dogs which are making the north
ern circuit of shows will reach this city
several days before the show- opens here,
giving them ample time to rest before
facing the judges again. -^
The greynouna entry, secured through
the eftorts of * the ' California Coursing
Committee, ; the '.'governing "body of the
sport on this coast," is* a remarkable one.
Champion Palo Alto, .Sacramento Boy,
Aeolus, Luxor,- Royal Archer and all the
great dogs of the present time will be
oenched in this greyhound section.. More
than- one hundred dogs will be 'benched.
The management has not overlooked the
entertainment -of the children during the
show. Professor Clark- and his troupe of
trained dogs will be in attendance. They
will give two performances on -Wednes
day and Thursday ' and three on Friday
and Saturday.
Fred Mansell of London, England, who
will" judge the Portland' show, will stop
over in this city en route home to see the
local show. He made a trip of 14,000 miles
to judge at Boston and at Portland.
Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr. will; be repre
sented by ¦ her Boston terrier, Winner,
which captured the special prize at the
Victoria show last week. '¦'
in numbers, but also in; quality.
In. the name of charity the society ladies
have decided to exhibit many rare dogs
which otherwise could . be seen only by
the Intimates of their owners.
THE entries ,for the' sixth annual
show of the San Francisco Ken
nel. Club have closed with a rec
ord-breaking list, great not only
McHale's work in the left territory was
good to look upon. He had five put-outs,
none cf them easy, and he covered as
much ground as the Palace Hotel. He
also lined out two singles with the willow.
Shugart did some pretty work around the
third bag. Whalen's control of the ball
was unusually good. Chimmie got hit by
a pitched ball and somebody rang for the
ambulance. However, it was not needed,
as Jimmy soon got right again. The socre:
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. If 5 0 2 0 5 0 0
Bone. l!b 5 0 0 0 1 4 0
'^awler, cf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
N'ordyke, lb 3 2 1 0 12 1 0
Hotly, «s 3 3 2 1 0 3 0
Shueart. Sb 4 1 1 0 0 3 0
Lc-ahy. c 4 1 0 0 2 0 0
l>elmas. rf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Whalen, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 35 7 C 1 27 14 0
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Shtehan, 2b 4 0 0 0 1 2 1
L'nglaub. ?« 4 0 0 0 3 3 2
Doyle, 2b 4 0 1 0 1 1 2
Rebsamen, cf 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Hirmlngham, Ib 3 0 0 0 8 1 0
Frary, rf 3 0 0 0 4 0 1
Wagner, If 2 1 0 0 4 O 1
3raham. c 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hickry. p 3 0 2 0 0 0 2
Totals '. 29 1 5 0 24 7 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 1—5
San Francisco 0 1033000 x — 7
Base hits 0 1 1 2 2 0 0 0 x — C
SUMMARY.
Three-basse hit — Holly. Two-base hits — Shu
gart, Rebsamen. Sacrifice hits— Graham, Hol
ly. Ffrtt base on errors — San Francisco C.
First toe on called balls — Off Whalen 1. off
Hickey 1. Left on bases — San Francisco 7.
Sacramento X. Struck out — By Whalen 1, by
Hickey 2. Hit by pitcher — Whalen. Double
plays — Shurart to Holly to Nordyke; Bone to
Holly to Nordyke to Bone. Wild pitches —
By Hickey 2. Balk — By Hickey 1. Time of
grame — 1 hour and 25 minutes. Umpire- -
G'Connc-U. Official scorer — Harry Cashman.
Wagner was the only Senator to regis
ter. In the third act he walked, was sac
rificed to second by Graham and hiked
over the route on Hickey's drive to right
field. Delmas got the ball and it seemed
he could have thrown Wagner out at the
plate. Instead he threw to second and
the little fielder was safe.
Hickey. the strapping left-hander from.
Uie Northwest, was there with the curves
ind shoots for Sacramento. He was er
ratic and wild and the men behind him
*ere .as full of errors as a. summer hotel
s of society belles. The Ponies got seven
runs on six hits, this fact alone fully ex
plaining why Mike ran second. The Ponies
played with a clean error column, their
a-ork being snappy and fast. They prob
tbly would have made it a shut-out if
Oelmas had taken a caance in throwing
iVagner out at the plate in the third. As
.t was, there is nothing to complain of,
lor Delmas probably had a soft spot in his
oeart and could not bear to see Fisher
leave town without some token of hospl
'.ality.
Hoilr started the doings in the second.
He rapped out a three-bagger into the
;rowd at left field and soon scored on the
;hrow-in of Shugart's fly to right field.
The bell announced the arrival of three
more in the fourth, when hits by Nordyke
and Leahy, a brace of errors and a balk
oy Hickey did the trick.
' The linal three were rounded up during
the next explosion. The Senators forgot
qotv to play ball and imagined they were
indulging in the exhilarating sport known
is ping-pong. Consequently Holly. Nor
flyke and Shugart swelled the tally, Shu
gari doing effective work with a two
sacker to the left garden. Errors figured
notably in the play, more so than hits.
Xearly 10,000 people packed the stands
md bleachers, and an overflow meeting
R-as held in left field, where several hun
ired more gathered to witness the little
tet-to. It was all 'Frisco. They outbatted
ind outfielded the Lawmakers. Chimmie
ler Whale, otherwise James Whalen, was
is mean as he could be to the young men
ft -horn Fisher hired to win him glory and
Jie pennant. The morning game also be
onged to Harris— 2 to 1.
The real opening day crowd of the base
»all "season gathered at Recreation Park
festcrday afternoon to see the local Po
lies play rings around Mike Fisher's nine
auskj- men.
tfast Throng Witnesses the
Baseball Struggle in
This City.
Bis Team Wins Bolh the
Morning and After
noon Game.
FORTUNE SMILES
UPON HARRIS
RECORD ENTRY IS RECEIVED FOR SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB SHOW
ANOTHER STAKE
FOR A. J. MARTIN
YoungGreyhound Scores
a Sensational Win
on the Field.
P. J. Reilly's Honesty Wins
From Tyrone Prince .at
Union Park. -
The slashing young, greyhound A^ J.
Martin, from the Alameda kennels, car
ried off the honors In the special stake
at Union Coursing Park yesterday, de
feating Lost Chord in the deciding course.
The winner was much the faster doff,
but had to show all his speed and all his
cleverness to win, as the hare favored,
his opponent. Martin led well, and took
the 'first turn. He then stumbled, and
before he could get into his stride again;
Lost Chord had possession of th© hare
and quickly scored three points. Whca
it seemed she would surely defeat the 1
to 4 favorite, the latter went around her
and picked up the hare, scoring a sensa
tional kill and winning the stake.
Had It not been for poor coursing kick
three of the Alameda. kennels dogs
would have divided the stake. Melrosa
Lad was retired by Last Chance chief
ly owing to the hare favoring the latter
dog. Marcissus put Merrimac out of
the running by the close score of 6 to 5.
In the open stake P. J. RelHy*s Hon
esty-was returned a winner after run
ning an undecided course with Tyrone
Prince. When they met the second tlm©
Honesty won by a score of 18 to 1." The
hare took the dogs across the field and
then made good its escape.
Tyrone Prince caused the greatest up
set of the -day by defeating Fannie
Hughie In the semi-final round. The
Prince was 6 to 1: in the betting, and won
decisively. \ ~ . ¦ ., -
McHenry had two undecided courses
with imported Gambit, the stake favor
ite. In the first round, the former win
ning at the third attempt. In the next
round McHenry was so unfortunate as
to have a two-minute course with Kit
tleman, the latter winning. Kittleman
was withdrawn In • the next round. The
results of the running, with Judge John
Grace's, official -.scores, follow:
Special : stake — Alameda. Kennels' Melroae
Lad beat ¦. Paaha • Kennels* Roman , Athlete,
&-2; Pasha Kennela' Royal Archer : beat E.
Geary's Ireland. 4-2: Alameda Kennels' A. J.
Martin beat E. Geary's Ruby Sankey, 4-2; A.
R. Curtis' Luxor beat J. I* Ross' Loyal Lad,
4-3- A. R. Curtis' Anchor beat P. M. Clark
son's Miss Brummel. 4-3: P.- M. Clark«on"3
Golden Garter beat B. -Silva's Master Rocket.
3-1; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat P. M.
Clarkson's Sofala. 4-3: T. J. Cronln'a Vandal
beat A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox. 4-0; T. J.
Cronln's Tralee Boy beat A. R. Curtis' Fly by
Nteht. 6-1; A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord, beat J.
Sheridan's Forest Queen. G-5; Chiarlni Bros.'
Dewdrop beat T. Burke's Agsie W. 3-0; G.
Sharman's Sir Pasha beat Chiarinl Bros.' San
tonin. &-0; A. R. Curtis' Narcissus beat C. O.
Peterson's Haohazard, 10-2; Alameda Ken
nels' Merrimae beat E. Geary's America, 3-2;
A R. Curtis' Charta beat Roy Hughie, tt-1; E.
Geary's Fair Oaks beat Pasha .Kennels'
Rocker, 3-1. : ,.: _
Second round — Melrose Lad ' beat Royal
Archer, 4-3; A. J. Martin beat Luxor. 5-0:
Anchor beat Golden Garter. 5-3: Harlean
Gladys beat Vandal, 4-2; Lost Chord beat
Tralee Boy. 5-0; Sir Pasha beat Dewdrop, 4-2;
Narcissus beat Fair Oaks. 6-4; Merrimae beat
Third round — Melrose Lad beat Anchor. 5-2;
A J. Martin beat Harlean Gladys. 3-2; Lost
Chord beat Sir Pasha. 6-2; Narcissus beat Mer
• Fourth -round — Lost Chord beat Melrose Lad.
3St?**ter.f.--Martin beat Narcissus. 4-l.i- ,
t Decldins "course — A. J. Martin * : beat "Lost
Chord 5-3.
Open stake — C. G. Whallon's Gllmpre beat E.
Geary's Little Jim. 5-2; W. C.deB. Lopez's
Pepita beat F. A. McComb'a Royal Rogue, 4-2;
J Moriarlty's Kittleman beat Tosemite Ken
nel's Mose, 6-2; J. Horn's McHenry beat F.
Darling's Gambit, 6-1; P. Doyle's Liberator
beat Chiarinl Bros.' 'White Hat. 10-8; P. J.
Reilly's Honesty beat T. Sullivan's Vagrant.
5-0; J. S. Badt's Lovlna beat P. M. Clarkson's
Prompto, 3-0; J. Carroll's Cascade beat J. Hur
ley's Sugarcane, 4-3; Alameda Kennels' Lilac
beat J. P. Thrift's Brutus. 3-4: O. Zahl's Miss
Wilson beat Chiarini Bros.' Sempronlus. 8-0;
C. Pickard's Bright Gold beat J. Dempsey's
jingle Bells, 5-1; E. Geary's Fannie Hughie
beat J.Vinal's- Little Fullerton. 5-0; K. Rosen
berger's Lady Chlquita a bye. Master Whaler
withdrawn; F. Jones* Tyrone Prince beat P.
M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold. 4-3; A. Mc-
Leod's Royal Friend beat R. A. Frink's Fiery
Friend 8-1; L. Lagomasino's La Belle beat H.
Perigo's Belfast. 3-2.
Second round — Gilmore beat Pepita. 5-4: Kit
tleman beat McHenry, 18-10; Honesty beat Lib
erator. 3-0; Cascade beat Lovlna, ,4-3; Lilac
beat Miss Wilson, 3-0; Fannie Hughie beat
Bright Gold." 3-0; Tyrone Prince- beat Lady Chl
quita. 3-1; La Belle beat Royal Friend, 4-1.
Third round^-Gilmore a bye, Kittleman with
drawn; Honesty beat Cascade, 5-0; Fannie
Hughie beat Lilac, 3-2; Tyrone Prince beat La
Belle. 6-3.
Fourth round — Honesty beat Gilmore, 4-3;
Tyrone Prince beat Fannie Hughie, 5-1.
Deciding course — Honesty beat Tyrone Prince,
18-1. . '
Coursing at Modesto..
MODESTO, April 13.— The members of
the Stockton Coursing Club came to
Modesto to-day by special train to run
a 26-dog stake. The winning dogs wers
Terronlte, . Scotch Reel, Jim Douglass
and Tap Out. .
The silken thread Is spun, from two ori^
flees In the nose of the silk-worm, the two
threads being united by a gelatinous sub
stance. . , ¦ . - . ¦ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1902
8
NAMES.
. TARDS.
200. 1300. loOO.
Captain Nippert ..;... 23 14 ¦¦ 10
Lieutenant Varney ...15 16 15
Lieutenant Eason Y..... 22. 22 : 23
Corporal O'Connor -14' ..0 9
Corporal Schlosss 21 13 11
Corporal Sen wlnn.... ..;..". 17- 19 12
Coporal Locke .......:. 12 14 4
L. Biglow '. 12 19 17
C. H. Jensen 13 8 5
M. C. Bose...... '7 7 4
H. H. HiUebrand. 10. 8 —
P. J. Boyens :. 11 0 5
O.--H. Korner. .-.'.'. 11 7 S
E. Sablatschen 21 21 16
L. F. Guerin 19 17 14
G. H. Smith ......" .....22 15 15
F. T. Brown... '........ 18 ;'9. 114
W. M. Clark.:.. ............-..'. 13 5/4
G. K. Johnston. 18 20 19
\V. A. Rants 21 22 16
N.-W. Jones .... ....... 16 7 10
R. C. Anderson 12 14 17
G.. C. Homer ......*. 6 17 12
L. L. Llewelyn....' ..:..' 21 12 15
A. C.Lien ;...'.: '7 12 2
G. W. Brittsan.. 8 0 " T
J. Vanna ......:., 5 "A, —
W. Vanna ; 7 9 —
NAMES.
. TARDS.
200. 1300. loOO.
Captain Nippert ..;... 23 14 ¦¦ 10
Lieutenant Varney ...15 16 15
Lieutenant Eason Y..... 22. 22 : 23
Corporal O'Connor -14' ..0 9
Corporal Schlosss 21 13 11
Corporal Sen wlnn.... ..;..". 17- 19 12
Coporal Locke .......:. 12 14 4
L. Biglow '. 12 19 17
C. H. Jensen 13 8 5
M. C. Bose...... '7 7 4
H. H. HiUebrand. 10. 8 —
P. J. Boyens :. 11 0 5
O.--H. Korner. .-.'.'. 11 7 S
E. Sablatschen 21 21 16
L. F. Guerin 19 17 14
G. H. Smith ......" .....22 15 15
F. T. Brown... '........ 18 ;'9. 114
W. M. Clark.:.. ............-..'. 13 5/4
G. K. Johnston. 18 20 19
\V. A. Rants 21 22 16
N.-W. Jones .... ....... 16 7 10
R. C. Anderson 12 14 17
G.. C. Homer ......*. 6 17 12
L. L. Llewelyn....' ..:..' 21 12 15
A. C.Lien ;...'.: '7 12 2
G. W. Brittsan.. 8 0 " T
J. Vanna ......:., 5 "A, —
W. Vanna ; 7 9 —
This aign&turo is on every box of the genuine
„: Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
tH. vroRiedT Vhit cares a cold in one dam.'
?.•^^JVTV^aa^**.* « J? Iff P k a non-polaonotw
4^jEJ!yW' l '* n^8blg J?i modj '™ tor Gonorrhosa,
/&&£T l»Unti White3, annatora.1 dia-
JBP. k» In I to 5 dmja. V chazgoa, or sny inflamm»-
RV»y Ou»r»atse<l to * tion, irritaUon or uicera-
¦< ?r»»«a» Msufion. tion ot mucous mem*
framEvANs ChemxalCo. X an , c !- K °^»f^8 enS -
'^S Vn.i *3l3r or Mnt la Pl»'n wmppar,
f 1.00. or 3 bottles, «2.T5.
H Circtl^r Bout oa reauost.
I The World's Cure for |
i i Natural Laxative Mineral Wattr. |
S It is the Best and Safest rem- 1
R edy for disordered stomach, H
|| biliousness and liver trouble, u
I and it cures Constipation. I
| Drink one-half glassful on |
ffl arising in the morning and 1
i you will feel the remarkable |
|i and agreeable effects in a short ij
I Hunyadi JANOS I
I (FULL NAME.); M
I If you simply ask for Hunyadi §
f water you may be IMPOSED B
I UPON. P
e BOTTLE HA5 BLUE LABEL. i\
E WITH RED CENTER. U
ADVZBTISEMENTS.The hall Is to be prettily, decorated, and
a pleasing musical' programme will be ren
dered-.by- well-known local talent during
the counting of the scores. Miss Violet
Hjogan has the affair In charge and Is un
tiring in her efforts to make; the affair ; a
social as well as financial success. ...-..>
' '; 'Alameda ; County. ' . /
. . Anitas Mfiy.-. Eleanor .Frances and". Ifather
lne Florence .Hussey. (all single) and'Ellen Hus-
KSAJJ ESTATE i, TRANSACTIONS;
;PoorLo Being ; Crowded Out. 'M
. The-- six /nations' composing .:' the New
ry/ork 1 Indians i number; about 6232; > und are
< located \ on n eight ? small reservations, : ; ag
gregating: ' in '¦- all f 88,000 ; acres ; in -, the ' Stata
;of :' Nqw: Yorkr;tO;VSome 'iOfr.whomfsma'l
money? and -other annuities,- are
(distributed'; under treaty- stipulations.^ <
To Raise Tax Limit.
BERKELEY, April 11— The volunteer
firemen will begin the circulation of a pe
tition, to-morrow which calls for tne rais
ing of the tax limit from : 75. cents to $L
A special election is also asked . for, at
which the : voters may .decide whether
they wish their taxes raised or not. , If
additional revenue ia secured It will be
for the purpose of equipping tne police
and . fire : departments. ¦ . - ' •
¦ The i United i.States consular; list fur
nishes'some interesting information con-"
! corning | the ; tenure of I office 1 of , our; dlplo-"
matic corps and consular service. - Out of
, 276 persons ';. employed in ; these services : it
1 appears \ that ; 190, : : or , 69 ' per cent, "- have
! served , for: five years or. more ;j that' 37, per
cent have : served " for,' ten f years ormore,'
and ,that.;-14 v: per; cent Miave; served v, for
.twenty iyears -or. ; more.' /.Three ,' persons
have served'for twenty-seven \ years each;
¦two : persons' twentyrelghf years, and one
' person '-¦ each! twenty-nine, r thirty, "1 thirty
,two,; thirty-seven = nnd t forty-eight ! years.
;The: average term [of service of, persons In
• the iTJnited States consular and diplomatic
.service '; abroad - has ; been j 9.4 . y ears.^-Chl
'cagO.NeWS.;-'. ¦; .¦¦'/:¦!¦':,:'} '; '¦ .[ . ,. y- V , ..
Length"? of [Consular ' Service.
Fire in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, , April : 13.— Fire broke ; out
at 9 o'clock to-night in a Chinese 'laundry
and spread to Yates ; & Rankln's ' grocery,
on Dwight way, . near Shattuck ' avenue,
doing 11000 damage.' " The loss is', covered
by insurance. . .......
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
''",. 1118 Broadway, April 13.
' ,,The Grand Lodge of the Order of Danla
convened the twenty-second annual con
vention, this week, in : LJvermore; where
'.the delegates enjoyd \ much 'hospitality at
the hands of the people of, the town and
' enjoyed themselves hugely. ' - They were
taKeir to see the sights and feasted' and
everybody had a good time. ' >
; ; The session began on Tuesday, and end
ed- last: night,- when" a * grand;- ball ' was
given in the pavilion. A -: reception was
given to the delegates in the < Farmers'^
Union ..Theater: the' first' day. of the ses-'
slorr and a programme v: followed. - iThe
Wednesday session was given ' up" to ; busi
ness, Grand President Ahrensburg calling
the delegates to" order. More l)usineBs
was; dispatched. .Thursday, land > in 'i tho
evening a banquet was given In the thea
ter. - Carl Holm acted ds.toastmaster, and
responses ,were made by ' Grand President
Ahrensburg; Consul Iviokholm,, . Jacob
Peterson,' J. J. Sandholt, Mr- P. Christian
sen andiH..C. Helmsen. .= ••"' . m: ¦¦¦¦¦ >-„ r ;v,
The visitors : were • taken : sight-seeing
Friday; and -yesterday, all the > Grand
Lodge business /was ' finished; - The of
ficers*' reports showed-, the' order" to * be'
prosperous.. ' '. .. • • .' ¦ ''-.',?/'
The .* following ' named' are ; the ; new -of
ficers chosen lor ¦ the ensuing year : 1 G rand
ex-president,; J. J.. Sandholt; grand;pre8i
dent,v H. . Ahrensburg; c; grand - vice » pneBl-'
dent, H. iC.rHermansen;: grands secretary,'
M. P. ' Christiansen ; \ grand : - treasurer,"- C.
M. .' Beck ; :. grand 'marshal ; F. W. : And er
flen;. grand vice marshal, C. r Rasmussen.' ¦:
the third rail 'will be i aid from the pier
to High street, a distance of about four
miles, in thirty days.
Several months ago heavier and longer
ties were put down on the narrow-gauge,
local Hue to accommodate the third rail.'
Weightier tteel raite were also installed,
and the tracks are now settled ¦ and frm..
All that It will be necesxary to do to
make wsty for the third , rail "will be to
remove the top ballast, eplke the ra!l ; ln'
position and replace the* ballast." '. ;
. Special new; cars of the standard gauge
4 nave been constructed, and will* take the
JMace of the dingy and uncomfortable
caches now in use. The new cars ar
rived from the shops several days . ago,
and are at present sidetracked on the
mole. •,, .'".'.-
The change from narrow to broad
gauge passenger cars will be the source
of much satisfaction to all local patrons
of the line. It will mean larger and bet
ter ventilated coaches - and> greatly in- '
ALAMEDA. April 13.-Preparatlons for
laying a new third rail on the narrow
caure line from tne pier to High street
are now well, under . way, and the work
is to be hurried to completion as rap
luiy as poesible. Two hundred and fifty
men have begun to widen and tamp the
roadbed elong the mole for the reception
of the third rail. This force is to be in
creased a» fast as laborers . can be se
cured. The railroad management has
found some difficulty in obtaining all, this
kind of help It needs. It is expected that
Grand Lodge Convenes
¦i in T-vVenty- Second
'. ,v-.- Session;' ¦
Pacific to Im-
L' prove Service in
Alameda.
! OAKLAND. April 13.— Every subordi
xiatG A; O. U. W. lodge in Alameda county
is to participate in the reception that la to
be given to-morrow night in Masonic
in honor of A., C.'Hardw|ck, : su-;
preme master workman of the order, who
is visiting the lodges of theVCoast. The
reception committee consists of members
of these lodges os follows: J." N. Harris,
M. A. Welch. O. L. Whipple. A: N. Bar
rett, A. H. McKown, R. B. Nixon. E.' E.
Thompeon.. C. J. Flags, I.. O.- Morton/ F.
l'Heureux, C. H. Philbreck, Phillip Sei
ben. W. D. Litleton, «. C. Ballheimer,
John Shehan, George : H. Phillips, C. . F;
Gomperti, H. K.' Strobridge and E. P.
Knightly. .' ,. . .
The following named have been selected
as vice presidents: E. W. Marston, Dr;
J. I*. Mayon. Fred.L. Button, E.~ J.Fen
non ¦W. J. Petersen, Charles Q.^Reed, H.
A. Mel\in. E. M. Gibson, Dr. George C
Pardee, James Andrew, .William Cogan,
F. W. Greeley, E. K. Healy, J..W. Hand,
R. Crooks. CO. Roller, C. N. .Pearson,-
Robert Johnson, Samuel Adams. Fred
Ruegg, B. F. Morrill, Charles LJnglcr,- E.-
H. Lake P. Lefevre.lF. C. fihipley, W.
Hamlin, S. O. Blanchard, A. T.Piercy,
F. Hlguera, C. J>. PMlbeck. L. D. Man
ning, F. Dolbier,- James Whitman," J.'F.
Solomon, R." E. Hewitt, F. E. Cooper, W.-
H. Fisk, Jo. S. Hackett."J.E. Lee. Albert
Pool, J: r A. Angwln, ¦ H. L. - Farrier . E.
. Bamsrle, T>.~ WTiipple, George Chase. E. ' H.
Bryan, J." AV: Winks,: W. ¦ J. . Shreve,
George Lovegrove and Charles Reisel.
Past Grand Master C. E. Snook will offi
ciate . as chairman at the • reception, and
there will be speaking- and a programme.
Subordinate Lodges of Alameda
; County Will Send Delegations '
to Assist the Affair. .
; \7OBK3ffEN'S RECEPTION
TO SUFBEME MASTE3,
creased facilities for handling the crowds
going to and from the pier during' the
busy morning 1 and evening hours. .
necessary to the success of the honor system,"
with Miss Martha B. Rice and - Miss Hazel
.Woodruff on the affirmative and Miss Ros«
Kavanaugh and Miss H. Bromley on the nega
tive. Annual military examinations at 4 p. m.
in -rooms of North Hall. Meeting of Y. W.
C. A. in Stiles Hall at 4:15 p. in. under leader
ship of Miss Mary Pcage. Meeting of. Y. M.
C. . A. In Stiles Hall at 5 p. m. and lecture
by President David Starr Jordan on "Tb*
Strength of Being Clean." Meeting ot Students'
Congress In 'Stiles Hall at 8 p. m. and debate
on "Resolved. That there should be an edu
cational qualification for suffrage In % all
States,", with ,W. C. Martin and F. D. Merrill
on the affirmative and F. T. Blanchard and
L Magnes on the negative. .
"Wednesday— Meeting, of- Y.-M. C. A. In
Stiles Hall at 11:15 a. m. and lecture by Mrs.
de Wolfe on "Observations by the Way."
Public lecture in . Y. M. C. A. building. San
Francisco; at 8 p. m., by Dr. H. L.' Wagner
on the mechanism and care of the human voice.
in speaking and singing., 1 "
- Thursday — Meeting of Medical Biological
Club in 2i> East Hall at 4:15 p. m. and lec
ture by - Dr. R. '• E. Taylor. Devotional meet
ing of.Y.M. C. A. in Stiles Hall at 5:15 p. m.
Friday— University vaudeville show in Har
mon ' gymnasium at 8 p. m. for. the benefit of
the ' Eastern track team ; open to the public;
admission 75. 50 and 25 cents.
• ' Saturday— Public - lecture In Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art. San Francisco, at 10:30 a. m..
by.H."A. Overstreet. on -leading ethical theor
ies. ¦ Intercollegiate field day at Stanford Uai
versity at " 2 :30 : p. . m. • ¦ ¦•
Tuesday — Meeting .of Philomathean Council
in 10 North Hall at 2 p. m. ; election of offi
cers and debate on "Resolved, That the passage
of the third . of the honor system questions la
BERKELEY. April 13.— Several events
of interest and importance will occur dur
ing the coming week at the University of
California. The calendar for the week la
as follows i^affiBft
Monday. : April 14. — Review of cadets on the
campus at 11 a. m. by Rear Admiral Henry
Glaas, accompanied by his staff. Meeting of
deans of academic " colleges In 14 South Hall
at 11 a. m. Reading: of Antigone, In Greek,
by members of the Greek faculty. In prepara
tion of the Stanford performance, i-x 11 North
Hall at 4 p. m. Public lecture under auspices
of College of Commerce Club, In Stiles Hall at
8 p. m., by W. R. "Wheeler of San Francisco
en railroad rate-making.
-' Mrs. ;, Martha Nortridge~; and \ her? son
Thomas resented this attempted ; impeach-"
ment'of Jonah's i veracity. : . They declared
that science • had • discovered; that the
whale's throat is elastic. '- l -;. . • - I' •
said that Jonah compromised
his dignity .when he spent the night in the
Whale's stomach, t- v, : :
.Herbert Nortridge explained Jonah's
predicament' by showing that, the _whale
had sucked him -in | through his spaut- - 1 .
. Antonfl J. '-'Alvarnals «, tried * to- excuse Jo
nah by saying that he must have been the
victim, of.sharka. •:¦?;¦ .:;,,.-- ¦
¦ William Cushlng swore he didn't believe
a word of it— that it was the greatest fish
story ,'ever, told.' -•¦ : - ¦¦¦, •.' «-.•¦,-•
¦ i These , i conflicting ,! opinions, { of' course,
were bound to dlsruptithe peace of .the de
baters;- as •» they ..', Jiav.e ."• confounded- c the
friendships of many, other deeply, religious
p6ople,°\andf the;result.was a general ',fu-,
silladQ of contradictions. "The combatants
threw things : around .with I a' reckless • dis
regard for the skins < ana .reelings of their
opponents* and Vdeadly weapons;were'in
eyerybodyts ! hands.' -"After." the smoke .had
cleared away> the belligerents looked up the
Justice « of Uhe : Peace and . swore out war
rants for the arrest of each other/ as fol
lOWS:!;•'"-.If' V--.^ <v\v;'v ¦¦¦-.¦ •;Vv.'-> > '-*' l 'i'' '.*¦'*.^'^x
;Thomas Powers had' Mrs.^ Nortridge and
her .son * arrested" for; disturbing
.the'peace. 1 *:.' :* T^.-v- '• V *• : "^*>VJ i ; -v -."?..'-.¦ -.-..v. ._,;.. ¦
. -.- John '. Enes ..; had ;. Thomas ; and , Herbert
Nortridge jailed, for, the same offense. •. :V"I
I «¦= Thomas-, and Herbert % Nortridge ! charged
John ,^Enes,. with-, assault^with .ah deadly
; weapon.—" - •'.'¦•' f -<> .\; ' - ''¦¦'/i '¦¦'¦¦-*: ¦".:.:".;•..: •:'; •. =¦
, Antone ;J> Alvarnals. swore to: warrants
for *'. the arrest:: of 'Herbert .and Charles
Nortridge for { battery, -y, am ¦ I ¦ ¦¦¦ -'Wl
: Thomas- 'Nortridge '.accused William
Cushlng ot ¦ battering] hlm.'l'WawwgVlMH ¦ jfflf
,-¦ Mrs.? Nortridge\was ; tried, ;but-, the 'jury
could\ not ¦* agree ;' as -, to "_ her „ guilt ; a hd . the
feud >goeg' on-;:? -.>>»..-.- ;.j-':.-? ' .'..•'¦¦; ¦::¦¦''¦ ¦ ;,
. T .Thomas Powers insisted that : tho whale
couldn't S have V swallowed '< ; Jonah. '.-, because
a whale's throat is no bigger than a man's.'
In fact.'he said,' it's not ars big as a man's.
A religious discussion '¦. that • had for its
theme. . the /< authenticity; (of Jonah's fish
story 1 provoked 'a feud among "the irihabi
rtants of Centervllle" this week. There have
been eight arrests ao far. , ¦¦': -'¦"¦ •: ¦¦'..:.;
Oakland Office San' Francisco * Call,
,1118 Broadway;. ADril 13.
Admiral Glass and Staff
Review the Cadets
Monday.
A pretty cirl in a pretty bodice at a tea
the other afternoon attracted attention for
something besides > her prettinesB. ' Every
other button of her bodice, which fastened
In the back, .was unbuttoned. <Had it been
only a few buttons here and. there. undone
—had the unfastening not been so regular
—It might .not have .been .bo noticeable.;
A» It was, i there could be but one key to
the situation— the deliberate intentional
oversight • of; the . kind , friend or - spiteful
maid who had fastened the, bodice.' What- :
ever tho motive, whatever the & cause,
those every other. buttons agape stood for
revenge achieved. •". Nobody, not even the
hostess, apparently, knew ¦ the .;¦ girl well
enough to tellher and have the mischief
repaired, but involuntarily the hand : of
every other: woman in a corsage fastening
in the back sought that, fastening to see
whether any kind friend or spiteful -maid
had" played her false. Possibilities ¦ for
wreaking -revenge in this way were sud- :
denly • revealed ' as ' never before. "And 1 1 6
think she : may never.; know about *ltJV,
sighed one woman to ; another. \. "Whoever
buttoned' the 'bodice up will probably tun
button it,- and its ; owner will be : as bliss
fully '.Unconscious -then -as now.". ; "Not a
! bit of 1 It," , said -the other woman. ; . f.'lf a
woman— be* she maid or friend— fastened'
that ..bodlce^-or; '.rather -left it - half
unfastened— rest' ' assured" 'she'll take
precious- ; good .¦ care 'that 'her. 'vic
tim ,; knows . it. : That's lovely woman'a
way... , ; No ;.';¦ -'matter. ' i how'- .-, crafty or
clever vor - otherwise* Machiavellian .she
may ,be,. when she- makes anybody puffer
she makes sure. that the sufferer Is aware
of it.'! ¦"• :/^iMS^§S^^^S^Si^ifMt*'-i
When . She ' Makes « Anybody Suffer
; . She Makes Sure the .Victim
:¦ Knows It.
People of Centeryille
Divided as to Its ;
LOVEL Y,\ WOMAN'S W AY
IS MYSTEBY TO MEN
WEEK'S EVENTS
AT UNIVERSITY
-''Citizens'..: Building land Loan . Association ".to
Mollle • Levy ' (widow); ;iot! on " E > line • of - Sher
man street,'. 07.61 S of Paclflc avenue. . S 33 by
E, 107, block 33,, Map Fitch Homestead, Ala
meda; • |10.'W8WMWWniilPM*V>VBnVMWHMM
Albert G.; Smith to Sarah Smith ¦ (wife), lot
on * N ' line * of > Johnson ¦. avenue, ¦ 454 :6 : (45-1 :5)
W T of Court street. -W • BO by . N 130,' portion lot
11. Mop'Johneon-- Tract. -Alamcda; gift. -
Katie L. and G. L. Fitz and as • attorney to
Miller* & Lux, (corporation),- lot 25. block JA;
.map- of. Oakland View Homestead, Oakland
(quitclaim deed); $5.
r* Charlotte and William -Steeves- to Frances C."
Almind.l'lot on' W/ line 'of ; Hawthorne : Terrace
at ' Intersection * with S line of S lot •: 15. W 105
¦ by!N 63. block 3, Map Property Berkeley View
Homestead' Association, - rart plat 84, Berkeley;
$10." /'.":¦;.--•"."', " ¦¦'•¦ Vr : --..-¦ : '¦ [ - V ';•..-
Virginia R. and William J. Dingee (and as
attorney) to William O. Henshaw, lot 27. re
vised map Piedmont Cable Tract,* Oakland
Township; also lots 5 and 6 ' block P. map
Major Given Tract, Oakland; $10. ." - : .
Marlon and Mary Van Ostrand to Gertrude
B. Perkins (wife of John R.),'lot 23. block P,
map blocks M. N. O. and ; P, Harmon Tract,
subject to mortgage (or $1200. Berkeley; $10.
-- Mary I. 'and H. M. . Waterbury to George W.
Tallmon, lot on W line of lioulsa street.- 224. N
of Berkeley way, N B0 by, .TV 134.65, lot M. map
TwitcheU Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Henry T V. and MaUlda B. Martin, to Helen
L. Martin (daughter), lot on -E lino of Spring
street, 52 S of Vine. S 63, -E. 293, N 63 W in
straight line to beginning, lot 19, block 3." map
property Berkeley. University Homestead Aaso
clation. Berkeley; gift. . ¦ -'. . *"-'•
Same to MaUlda B. Martin (wife), lot on E
line of . Spring street, - 115 ¦ S of Vino.- S 63. E
292.90, N 63. :W 293.46. lot 18, block 3. same
map,- Berkeley; gift. • ' :
John B. Hortens,tlne to T. W. Harris, begin
ning, at SB corner lands now of first party,
thence NW, along • 8 .- end • of fractional portion
lots 8 to 10 and N.side Division street .139:6%,
thence at an obtuse - angle N • through E ends,
lots 10 6, 6 and 1. to middle St.' Mary's streetjf
305*1 E 139 :1H,' S along lands now of Charles
H. Wise, across S % said St. Mary's street and
through W < ends ' oMpts 3. 4.. 7 and 8, 32O-.9 to
beginning, ' bl6ck K of Kottlnger-s Plan .Town
of Pleasanton. Murray Township;- $10.
Lydia M. * Baker (widow) to Hans B. and
Jenny C. Mortensen, r lot on W line of Center
street. 375 N of , West Fourteenth, • N 25 by W
75 lot 2, block C81. Map Peralta and Center
Street Lands. Oakland; $860.. • , v_ ,- -
1 •" Wllhelm - and Olga Wansner to Charles H.
Kegley. lot on E line of > Filbert street, 75
S of Twenty-first, S 40:10 by E 125.- portion
lots 16 and 17. Map Jahn Tract. Oakland; $10."
- Emma. and Henry Herman to Isaac Lv.Sax
ton, > lot on SE: line," of- Fifteenth avenue,' 70
SWof East Nineteenth street.' SW 25 by SE
125' block 42, San Antonio, ¦ East Oakland; $10.
H. B. Croscup to Fannie W.Croscup (wife),
lot ¦ on W • corner of Eleventh - and Bella Vista
avenues. SW C2. 28. NW 150. NE 54.87,- SE
152.75 block* B, Map Bella Vista: Park. East
Oakland; -gift. .
' '¦ Mary J. -¦ Clough . (widow) - to M. E. Clough
<wlfe- of Alton H.), ' lotion SW 11m of Kast
Sixteenth" street, 153:5V4 NW- of -Twenty-third
avenue, NW.;75. thence deflecting SW with. an
intprlor angle 175.88, thence deflecting. SE with
an interior . angle . 70 ' to ¦ a pot nt ' on : line ; drawn
from SW line of. East Sixteenth street, to NE
line of , East Fifteenth street,' parallel ¦ to and
150 W- of Twenty-third avenue, NE .1S1:19h;
also : lot . oh ' SW line of t East Sixteenth ; street,
280:9. NW of Twenty-third avenue, 1 NW r 100.
BW— 163, SE C9:2. NE —170.06, East Oak
land:'$10. ~ • - ,- . ¦. ' . ,; ;
Harriet ' nnd Peter It. Saunders • et als. ¦ (by
Clarence Crowell, commissioner) ¦ to > Lulle . H.
O'Shea * (Holcomb) '¦ and * Lydia Susie ' Holcomb;
lot on -'.W-' line of Park street. 95:4Vi • N of
Buena Vls.ta avenue, N 50:2fW. W 137:Sil. S
60. ; E 133 :4%.% lot 13, block ¦ 45. Map Portion
Mint urn Tract, i-Alameda; $6560. '7;' C' '
sey (widow) r (by "William , G. Henshaw. sur
viving trustee) to Union Savings Bank ' (a ' cor
poration), 601 D. . 73, lot on W. line of IJnden
street. 232 B of'Slxteenth, 8 37 by "W 132. block
580, - ' Boardman's Map, trustee's ' deed. ¦ Oak
land; $1702. /
ORDER OF DANIA
IS PROSPEROUS
Simmons 1000001010— 3
Platt:....:: 0110000110—4
KeBSlons 1000000010— 2
Hanna ..'...-..'....-. ..;r.w.... . 0011100110— C
Matthews 0010111000 — 4
Carman 0001000100 — 2
Jeffrey ;,..,.....:.". ;' lOOOOlllOl^— 5
McWada ......... ri .. .'.... 0000011000— i- 2
Qulnn : . ...... ..i ... ........ ..•.'. 0001100010— 3
putt '. — . ...... ..-.:.. ... . ; . . . loiiooooio-^- ;4
Carman 0001010100— 3
Brown '...:..;..... .... llOlOOOllO— * 5
Landon ........;.... ..;. 1100101110— 6
Hanna :..• 1111000111— ' 7
Platt . , 1001111111—' 8
Qulnn 0110100000 — 3
Jeffrey ....; :.. 10101—3
Matthews '. 00001— 1
Hanna ' 10111— 4
'McWade ...:..:.... ;... 1000O— l
Platt , . , . . . / 00110— 2
RUss ........ .....10101— 3
Leavitt - t 0011100110—5
.Landon .- O011101010 — : 5
Ghlrardelll lOHOlOlOrf—' o
Ghirardelli Jr..... 1100110110—6
Du BoU ....; 1101011111^8
Carman ; ...'... 0001100111— B
THIRD RAIL FOR
NARROW-GAUGE
EEGULAIl DAT*S SHOOT.
"anna lOClOOOOll— 4
sciuutcr ooooiooooo — l
Lea «" oioobioooo— 2
Lanficr. OClUOOOll 11 0010110010100—12
IieavUt J010001000f»00000000000000— 3
Sessions lOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOlOlOllOOO— 5
GhirardelU llGQIOOJOOOOlOOOIOOOOOOU— S
Hanna JOUOlOOOOiOOOlOOOOOOllOl— 1»
I>u Bo!s 3000100010001010001100111 — 10
Platt 0010011 lOOOllOOOCXllOOlOll — 10
Carman OllOllOOOOllllOtiOlOOOlOOO — 10
Jeffrey 1110011101000010111001100 — 13
GhirtnJelli Jr... 0100100011110000010101010—10
Matthews UniOOOlClOUlllOOOOOOlOl— 12
S^'-utcr KjOCl 100000000011101 11000— 0
MATTHEWS TROPHT.
tides the resxilar matches an
other score w.-is shot for the Matthews
cup, a trophy that every member is anx
loufc to own. ¦-. V'"'!
The scores follow:
OAKLAND, April 13.— The AnUeis"
Gun Club, composed of members
of the Oakland lodge of Elk*,
held another shoot to-day. Be-
' BERKELEY, ..April • 13.— University' of
California students -have formed a Re
publican club and elected the following
officers: President^ <. R. S. Pierce; secre
tary, J.- M. Eshleman; treasurer,". J.- ! D."
Arnold. ;The members intend to take
an active part I in politics,: and they have
chosen the following; delegates .to repre
sent them at. the convention of the State
Republican League --which f meets, in-- Sari
Jose: :H. L. Rothchild, : O. C.'Pratt, C
F. Stern, J. H; : Bteinhart, C C. Crow,'
P. W. Owen, M. E. "Deutsch and W. B.
Greeley. - -' ¦ i • .
Students Form \ Political Club.
Franck ...;'..'.".".'...':: 1.2^1. '':;.' 1110011110—7.
Qulnn ..'..;; 1100000100 — 3
Jeffrey V..7Z .¦.....:..;.•.:. OlOOUOlOOr- 4
tlaraum :........... 1010110111— 7
Landon :........... 0100101101— 6
Franck 1100000101—4
Miller ...-.....: 1111101000— 6
Du Bota 1100100000—3
Johns 1000010001—3
Pratt '. ...;..;. '. . . . 1001110101— * 6'
Hanna . 0011U1100— fl
Du Bol» '. ...,.-.... 1111101111— 9
Franck ........................ 1101110001— 6
Qulnn .'... ......'...'....... 000000001 0-i 1
Jenkins 0000000000—0
Leavltt ........ '.. 01011110000100001001— 8
Carman 01011100100011100111—11
Landon 10O011OQ010O101O0O0O— 0
Platt ,- i OOOOlOllllllOlinplO-712
Carman ... ... . ."..V....... .,..". ioOOOlOlill— \ 5
Qulnn .1000100011— 4
piatt ....;...... liioioioio—o
Du Bols : 1I111U110— »
Matthews 1100111011— 7
Jeffrey 1100100111— C
L*avlU .\'.U... 0000100010— 2
Hanna 0011001000—3 1
JONAH'S STORY
BRINGS ON FEUD
/ f^ K AKLAND,' £prll 13.— Much interest
/| ; Yl is being manifested in. the whist
11 1 1 '-tournament which is to take place
x \^Jr on the 16th inst. at Masonic Hall;
-. . '•..'. corner' of Twelfth: and .Washings
ton streets, »for ; the ' benefit .of : St. . Antho
ny's Church in-East Oakland. - Mrs.'-Hugh
SOME OF THE MEMBERS OF OAKLAND LODGE OF ELKS WHO WENT AFTER CLAY.PIGEONS AND TROPHY
AND MADE SCORES THAT DO NOT INDICATE ANY PROLONGED PERIODS OF PRACTICE OR GREAT NAT
URAL APTITUDE WITH. THE SHOTGUN.^ j 1^ /-...-. -^
Albright will sing and Mr. William Kief
e'rdorf, the violinist, will be heard In sev
eral selections. The programme has been
arranged under the direction of Miss Josia
Nesblt. ...
A number of handsome prizes have been
donated by prominent merchants and jew
elers and are on display In the windows of
Smith's book store, where they have been
attracting considerable attention.
On the night of. the. tournament Mr.
Hugh Hogan will manage the progression
of the players and call out the scores.
The lady managers who are assisting
Mrs.' Hogan are:
Mrs. M. J. Keller, Mrs. John Eanlon, Mrs.
T. P. Hogan, Mies Josie Neablt, Miss Mary
Moffltt, Miss Loretta Kirk, Miss Ada Kenna.
Miss Emma Kane, Miss Mary Lambert. lllsa
Beatrice Albertl and Miss Lacy Donovan.
The ladles In charge will be assisted by
a number of young girls who, will keep
the scores. Among them, are:
Miss Margaret Neale. Miss Mary MacDonald.
Miss Inez Reed, Miss Kathleen Lynch, Miss
Grace Cox, Miss May Hogan. Miss Bertha
Grandjean. Miss Maud Stevens, Miss Marlon
Turner, Miss Hazel Hogan, Miss Katherlna
Kirk Miss Clarice Graves, Mies Margaret
Nolan, Miss Nellie Peters, Miss Mamie Max
cellno. Miss Nita. Koenig, Miss Loretta Knapp.
Miss Minnie Nolan, Miss Josle Wheeland. MUa
Virginia Tyrrell, Miss Gertruda Flanigan, Miss
Cleo Casey and Miss Isabel Kenna.
Mr. Parrish was born in New York sev
enty-five .years ago. He was a' young
man when the gold discoveries in Cali
fornia excited the East and hevcrossed
the continent In 1852. i He settled in Jack
son, Amador : County, where he was for
years owner of the Big Bar toll- bridge.
In 1874 he came to Oakland with his fam
ily and has. since lived here. He leaves
two children, Dr. Harry Parrish of Calls
toga and Mrs., Edmund Watkins of San
Leandro. . ¦'; . , : . ¦ •¦ x~> ¦'-¦
-The funeral of Mr.. Parrish !wiir be held
from the late residence, at 1076.Twenty
first street, 'the home he had known-»for
twenty-eight years. ., The services will be
conducted by the Rev. E. R. Dille, pastor
of the First Methodist* Church, with
which the deceased - affiliated for many
years; • "¦': r •:.."¦
Chas. L. Parrish Overcome by Death
. While Visiting Sister in
. the East. ..
/^OAKLAND, April 13.— Charles L. • Par-,
rlsh,' numbered ; among, the thousands who
came to Calif ornia in ihe fifties ¦'¦ to , dig
gold, died ' on-^ April 6 in North 1 Lawrence,
N; Y. ; while .ivisiting > a - sister . whom he
had not seen since; his pilgrimage to Cali
fornia.' • He ,, was overcome by complica
tions resultant upon old age -and -suc
cumbed to death just as he; was about to
return to his home; in this city after -an
absence, of four months. - = '¦¦'¦_ ;.; , ¦:¦¦
OAKLAND WOMEN WHO ARE
WORKING TO MAKE WHIST
TOURNAMENT A SUCCESS.
GOLDEN" STATE PIONEER . : V.~
: , -DIES AfT RIPE OLD. AGE
At the corner of Dwlghtway and San
Pablo avenue the Green boy took a shot
at a sparrow and missed.. Then he made
some, remark! about not. missing such a
big sparrow as his companion, and, aim
ing the rifle at him, pulled the trigger.
The result was a report and a scream
from the wounded boy, who fell to the
ground holding; his head in .his hands.
Green saw that he was hurt and - ran oft*
to tell the boy's father, five blocks away.
To the father he stoutly maintained. that
Charley had shot himself." ,: ../¦-¦- - ,.
The. father. hurried to. his son's aid and
subsequently the police- patrol wassum
monedto take him to the Receiving Hos
pital. - There the doctors found 'that the
bullet had penetrated; the very center of
the forehead. They operated upon. him,,
but could: not say; what the: outcome of
the accident would be. ¦ , ' -,. • •. ¦
"He shot me accidentally," the wound
ed youth said, as he lay on the operating
table waitingfor the physicians to treat
him. "He aimed, the rifle at me, in. fun
and pulled the trigger. , He didn't. mean to
shoot me.. He said he didn't know it was
loaded." ...-•' . ¦ : ... -.-" '¦".'".•
¦¦ Charley Green was too frightened to
give a lucid' statement of the •' accident.
He maintained, however, that Mains had
shot himself.- -r- . :"..:.*,: . ¦ •.-._¦;
¦ The Mains boy says the Green, boy shot
him accidentally. The Green boy says that
the Mains boy shot himself,. but the loca
tion of the bullet disproves this assertion.
There are no powder, marks, which wouid
have been on the forehead had the wound
been self-inflicted. Besides: the Mains boy
carried an air gun, while the other carried
a .22 caliber rirte. . . : . ; ;
Both boys started put early this morn
ing to shoot sparrows, for which they get
25 cents'a dozen in the restaurants. They
are neighbors' children, who live near the
corner .of Grayson and Fifth streets,' West
Berkeley. - They wandered.- around'- the
streets arid finally .turned homeward this
afternoon. ¦• ¦' ¦¦ .'¦¦¦•
KSM&} Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
' ..-.-. .;; / l 1118 Broadway; April 13.; •
..The "unloaded" firearm played its-part
again to-day/ in ,what .may;yet be;a:fatal
result. 5 ' Charles^ Green of West! Berke-'
ley,- aged 13 years, aimed- his rifle In; fun
at the; head' of Charles' Gregory Mains of
West Berkeley, 10 years of age, and in fun
he pulled the trigger. * Of • course , the* gun
went. off, land Charley Mains now lies at
the Receiving Hospital, a subject for- the
surgeon's knife, hovering between life and
death. ' ,•:-¦;¦ -* 1 .-.-- -,¦¦ ' \ ," ',- -*¦ -''¦¦'" .¦:< r;i".-> :-¦¦''.
Aims Firearm at Mains' , Head \
.'. '. .and:- Bullet . Penetrated ""
Oh arlea ; ; ; Queen's ;'"Uri^
loaded" Rifle -pauses fe
v' a- ; rTrageciy;^ ? ¦'¦
Oakland Elks Enjoy a Day of -Sport With Firearms and Fill
Air With Smoke arid- Le^en Missiles. ¦ !
PUTH SHOOTS
HIS GOMPANION
MARKSMEN OF ANTLERS GUN CLUB
SHOOT FOR THE MATTHEWS TROPHY
WHIS T TOURNAMENT FOR BENEFIT
OF ST. ANTHONY'S NEAR AT HAND
iMu^f^terest Is Being Manifested in Function; Which Promises to
iSiPW ft ;^;- : •¦ ¦ : -r ; Be : ;S6cial : as Well as Financial Success*
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES.. OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1902 .
9THE SAX 'FB;&N(D^ 1 4, 19^2.
10
;, ..- spiritualism."-';; ',;'..;' ';rVv
RETTJRNED— jTlieUerTdTvlne healer; all kinds j
; of diseases healed by . the touch* of your gar-
1 'ments; chronic diseases, rheumatism a. spe-
\ cialty; - satisfaction . guaranteed: 40S - Golden
'.Gate ave. ; hourg from 9 to 4.^7. to 9 daily. *-
A— C. V. « MILLER, world's famous ¦ materiallz- j
> Ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
: Tues., Frl., Sun.,' 8 p. m: ; 50c. 1084 Bush at.':
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance," bus/ medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, -$1;
¦ letter, ?2. 11 Ct: O'Farrell st: Ellis: car. ¦' l
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and tus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market. -
EDWARD EARLE. 828 I Ellis; f readings dally;
phone Polk 1601 ; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
.'.VVtSf- CLAIRVOYANTS. '
MME. E. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS , . .
Clairvoyant and business mediums permanently
located et 17-Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, : gives an accurate
description of the past,' reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events , to occur in the fu-
tures If you are in trouble, ; discontented, - un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to- overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satlsfactijn guaranteed.- ' .Tel. Black 4560. :
PROFESSOR BROESKE, 205 Turk st.
Scientific Palmist and Clairvoyant." Special
rates for a short time only.- 50c — $1— 50c — $1 —
50c— $1 — 50c— $1. This well-known J life reader
convinces all,' gives advice all affairs of Inter-
est; business, love, ¦ marriage, " speculation,- in-
„ vestments, change. Your past, present, future
read. Are you interested palmistry, clalrvoy'cy,
psychology? Broeske's College stands peerless.
LIFE READING 1 week." ladles 50c, gents $1:
PROF. WELLER'S . COLLEGE, I clairvoyant,
-scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, domestic troubles; aet-
. ties lovers' quarrels, " reunites separated, tells
.. whom you will marry; how to win manor wo-
man you love; mail $1: send -date birth, lock
hair, 0 questions. 1007^ Market, near Sixth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium." Is permanently, located at 1206 Mar-
• ket bt., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
i anteed by mail; eend stamp ¦.' I or ~ pamphlet
with apeclal terms... Daily and Sunday.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant , and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.-
to 5 p. m> Sundays from 10 to 12 a. .m.
MME. PORTER, ; wonderful ' clairvoyant* card
• reader, • born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M.' WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
; ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. •¦•
A— Mrs.' Melvlll, wonderful clairvoyant, water
. reader. 11 6th; German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G. 60c. 621% Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult' me; L. 25c;. G.: 50c.'
MME. HANSEN, well-known clairvoyant
reads card and palm, 25a 148 .'Sixth, rm. 11.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st, room
,22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mail. '¦
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader ;.ladle3
• 25c, gents 50c; readings daily. •'132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to S. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
DEXTISTS. ; . : .-.¦¦-,.¦'
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS..927 Market at. Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
. plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
. I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done. pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
.crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60
up; office hours. 9 a. m. 'to 9 p.m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J..W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk at., cor. Mason —
i Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
-gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S., proprietor, and manager. \ '">
A NEW plate — The .Whalebone — cannot .break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50: fillings, 60c;
plates. $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. - Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
BEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both- warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.'
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 60c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext., 6Cc; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.'
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, . 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist
SET of teeth without - plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st. -
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSMAKER from. New York wishes en-
gagement with families; tailor-made and
: beautiful . gowns. 715 Larkin at.
jMcDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
/ . corset-making taught: pattertis cut. 1019 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS. ;
DK. CREELY'S C. P.'-dog soap by druggists
- or at the Hospital. CIO Golden Gate ave. . • ¦,
EDUCATIOXAL. , ,
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory ¦ and shop work; .thoroughly
practical; day and night ¦ 24 Post at, S. F.;
catalogue free. . • - : ¦ . .-.-.. - ¦¦;
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
'i — $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
. tees a complete bus. education; .shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
1 new typewriters.; positions secured; cat. free. >
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment; I
all subjects pertaining to mining and. mining.
. engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and . medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
' . Stanford professor. Phelan building. -
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
' vlfee their friends to attend' the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is i this advice 'worth
following? ..Life scholarship. $50; catalogue.'-.
ACTING, - elocution, specialties; Hallet School,'
associated with theatrical agency" securing
positions.' Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERINGr-Civll, elec.', mining, mech: sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day/ eve.; est. lS84.riVan
: der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City, Hall.
ACCOUNTINGV-Most thorough course on coast;
. beginners and , college : graduates | perfected.
TARR. 'expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. ¦ 3C5 Larkin st. «
ALL Gregg stenographers secure j positions ; 1 34
good positions In March;. rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F.Buslness College,' 1236 Market.'
pPANISH.French.etc.prof.DeFlllppe'sAcademy
,of Languages,320Post;eBtab'd 1871;ablest profa.
ARITHMETIC,' bookkeeping, grammar." writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. .'1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
VIOLIN," guitar, -' mandolin, - banjo j taught In
class, ?1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433/
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
_ MISS M. G. BARRETT. . 302 Montgomery, st.
VIOLIN, mandolin,- guitar. Prof. MERKI., good
. . teacher. ¦ 1008 Mission; instruments selected;
DANCING -qutfckly taught;^ private, or class.
.- BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market st.'.:-., ; :--
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY « and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. -424' Pino at." '
HE ALD' S Buslneas ; Cellege. f 24 > Post at, S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page ': catalogue free. ; - f
¦; .; : y-- 'y-'- elevators}' ; -.; ;:i ; '- : .. "' : -v./
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
< prices. J.E.Upphpff.565 Migslon; tel. John 3856...
OFFICES." ¦'
A— JAPANESE • reliable ", house-'cleahlngv ! cooks'
; and 1 waiter8 furnished 1 at • short notice.'', Geo.'
-Klposhiu. 1293 Page.' cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE : Intelligence I Of flee— Furnish " most
reliable help.,:, 624 Bush at; tel. 'Bush 610.';:';.
CHINESE and I Japanese ! help ; I estab.' 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. -BRADLEY & CO.." 640 Clay.,
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
;i ton; tel. , Grant 168; expert, reliable 'help.
JAFANESE and! Chinese best: help; ,'cook 'and
waiter. ',421 Post. GEO. 'AOKI; tel." Bush 135.
RELIABLE -Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton;; Main 51SS-
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-^-Japanese, Chl-
• . nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter:tel.Black 5072."
nUSIXESS CHAKCES--^Con tinned.^ ,
A— JOSEPH STHAUB.
JS50 Marki-t St., cor. Stockton.'. ' " '
. • . Telephone Grant 177:
. Real Estate Arent..'
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. . . ¦ ¦ •' • ¦ ¦ -'
Leans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent
A— Party to invest $5000 to enlarge a paying
manufacturing business.
A — Saloon and restaurant: trial given. -
A^ — Saloon; good corner on Market st.
A — Partner for established and paying printing
business. ¦ .
A— Delicacy store in the Mission, with 4 living
rooms; at a barraln. :•¦>..>
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
. yard, routes of any kind. or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner in any fair-
paying business see K. KENNY, ,75 Third St..
Cash customers waiting; established 186S. .
A — $800; BRANCH bakery, . dairy produce and
delicatessen; fine store; 1 grand ' location; : 4
living rooms; low: rent; clearing $100 per
month; trial allowed, before buying. K.
KENNY. 75 Third at. '-..--'' •-'..'
FOR SALE^ — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
"" loll cf $120, 000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.:
Address Grocery, box 165. Vallejo. Cal.
PARTNER wanted in one of the best paying
general stores near San Francitco; stock in
excellent condition; class of business un-
equaled; a fine opportunity for the right
party; no agents need apply. . Box 1566. Call.
$9000 — FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus of car line; with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to right party. Box 4818. Call.
$3(X>_COFFEE and chop house; fine chance for
man and wife to make money; don't miss it
to-day. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine at.
FOR Sale — Outside route this paper; call from
6 to 1 p m. ; Saturday and Sunday excepted.
927 Shotwell st.' ..' ..." .¦-
$2500 — PARTNER wanted in flrst-class. country
hotel; rare chance. Owner, box 4918. CaH.
TEA coffee and variety I store with fixtures
• for aale; rent $25. Apply 353 Fifth st. -^
$350— SO ACRES In Scotch Valley, Slsklyou
Co.; good level land. Box 4834, Call offlce.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman- partner- in
some splendid paying patents. Call 255 Clara,
1000 MONTEZUMA mining aharea for sale. C32
Green Et.. flat 2. rear. / --
FOR Sale— Restaurant opp. Golden Gate Park;
for cook and Wife; law rent. (510 Stanyan st
$400 — ELECTRIC repair ' and locksmith ehop;
established 10 years. Box 4S58. Call offlce.
FOR SALE.
A— • Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8 0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big 1 free list of lodging-houses at my offlce.
Ail for sale on easy terms. Please call. -
- City hotel, small; a mint.;.... $1,500
City hotel, 36 rooms; clearing $225 3,250
City hotel; 60 rms.; lease; clears $400 6,000
City hotel; 95 rooms; lease; rent $250. 5,500
City hotel; 63 rooms; lease; rent $250. 7,000
. City hotel; 100 rms. ; lease; rent $300. . 0,000
City hotel; 75 rooms; lease; rent $275. 8,000
City hotel; 80 rms.;. lease; clears $760. 10,000
Country hotel. Includes real estate. ... 4,000
Country hotel; near thla city J.500
Country hotel; cost $8000 -2,500
Country hotel; lease; cost $10,000 7,500
Country hotel; includes real estate. .. 12,000
68-rm. lodging-house; lease; rent $225. 0,500
115-room lodging-house; rent $400....... COOP
ANY of the following on monthly payments:
7-room modern flat; reduced to $525
15 rooms; transient; clears J1C0. '. 700
8-room flat; snap; Geary, at 200
100 rooms; Market st; clears $350 .'6000
17 rooms; north of Market; clears $100. 1000
8 rooms; clears $40; just Hated.. 450
35 rooms; near Market; snap....'. 2100
125 rooms; clears $450; only... 7000
30 rooms; cleara $160; payments ". 1500
9 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only 375
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. 3500
20 rooms; clears $75: only 350
40 rooms; clears 5108 800
. A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531,
90C Market St.. corner, Ellis. .
$500—8 ROOMS; clears $75; big transient
. trade. RETSLOF, 906 Market at
WINSTON & WOLFE~ '
1028 MARKET ST.— 1028 . MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms; rent S22; good furniture; only $350
24 rooms; rent $55; central....'.. 1650
33 rooms; rent $So; money-maker 2250
31 rooms; rent $100; just listed 2100
22 rooms; rent $70; part cash 1300
15 rooms; rent $65; good furniture 1000
ST. rooms; rent $80; N. of Market. .....f2000
C3 rooms;, rent $200; lease: see .this.
I ' 500 other houses on our list to select from;
telephone Je.ssle'221L"
A, CAMERON & CO.,
-- 850 Market at. and 8 Stockton at..
Rooms 2L 22, 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotels; rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodglng-houpes,
flats; all sizes. and prices; in all parts of city.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
6 r. ; Geary; rent $25; lease; very nice. $550
10 r. ; ail new and elegant; clears $50.. 3000
17 r.; downtown; hskeeping; clears $60. 900
53 r.; total expense cf house $175; aparts. 29Oo
Money Loaned, 1 *4 per cent. - v
A LODGING-HOUSES. ...:..
10 rooms; rent $50; 'modern building; good
furnishings; death cause of selling.... $500
20 rms. ; rent $70; cent loc: mixed fur. 1^0
23 rms.: rent $56: bay-window house. . 1700
27 rooms: rent $125; lease; fine furn... 3500
85 itoe.: rent J300; location Al; elevator 7000
Logging-houses and hotels to suit all
classes of buyers; large list; call and investi-
gate before buying.
•> G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market at (upstairs), bet. 5th and Cth.
A — BEFORE buying a lodging-house, roornlng-
bouse. boarding-house, hotel and bar. city or
country, it will be to your advantage to call
at pur office. We do not offer places for sale
unless the value Is in sight Sample:
10 rooms; finely furnished... ..$300
H. C. DECKER. Reliable Broker, 1020
Market at, opposite Fifth.
GEORGE W. BROWN. -'783% Market at.
Room 3; phone Clay 46. Money to loan.
18 rooms; swell; bay window; newly fur. .$1600
17 rooms; north Bide; light, sunny bouse.. 000
14 rooms; fine mahogany furniture; price.. 2000
16 rooms; bay-window house; yard. . 850
20 rooms; rent only $50; new- carpets 1200
13 rooms; for this week only; sickness.. . 1000
43 rooms; corner bay-window; income $1CO 1100
. We offer any of the above on payments.
GOOD transient house; new furniture. . ..$1800
30 rms. ; mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. €500
300 rooms; corner house for men...: 5000
CO rooms; offices and rooms;, low rent... :t200
35 rma.: Howard; rent only $65: terz^s.. 1400,
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent. y
Hotel*, houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms. -
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market et,
RYAN & O'ROURKE, 819 Market, rm." 31.
500 houses for sale; some vacant houses.
Any. house on payment*.- Money to loan.:.
Title sruaranteed on all sales.
Houses from 5 to 200 rooms.
- See our b\e free list first-
A few special bargains this week.
For. a house that pays Eee - ¦;
RYAN & O'ROURKE, 819 Market rm. 31.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
j 850 Market st.^ — (Inc.). .Phone.- Davis 281. .
Reliable dealers in - rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
s . . New houses to Jease. . "
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market — Some bargains.
; $1650 — 18 rooms: Kearny; all light; net $100.
$375 — 19 rma.; Jackaon; good and easy work.
$700 — 17 rooms; Jones; nice business.
$180 — 7 rooms; 3d at Money to loan on lois-
ing-houses; 70 more houses; bargains; choices.'
14-RGOM house; a sacrifice if sold before April
16; bouse just renovated and handsomely fur-
nlRhed with entirely new furniture through-
out Apply rooms 226-227. - Parrott building,
fifth floor. . r. ¦-¦•'- ¦ . ¦„
A — NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all slzea
arid pricea, ln'all parta of: the city; get our
list first , MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market
A— 14 ROOMS, well furnished; 4th. near Mar-
ket; price $550. STRAND,. 209 Kearny Et
$425 — NEWLY furnished house;. Larkin st, nr."
Post: payments. • D. McRAE. 837 Mission et
CARPET BE ATIXG AXD _ CLE AXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted . with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st.;-tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd.;upholster^
Ing. 1213 Market. bet.8th&9th;teI.Howard. 2912.
i American Carpet-beating . Works^-CIeanlng. 3c ;,
-:. renovated, relatd. 104 14th st; tel." Capp 3521.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works;.prices
• reasonable. 1703 Harrison at; tel.Mlaslon 263.
• CITY . Steam . Carpet-beating -Works. G. •< H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 8th at ; tel. South 260.
; CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.: J. McQueen,
¦proprietor. 329 Guerrero Bt. ; teL' Mission. 49.'
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone ; East 126. v
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 1 4th at : tel. Mission ,74. ; ¦-
¦ O1TOES£^1
GEOIW3E W. KELLY'S A »rency— No~^eharKe
unless successful. - Room 310. 927 -Market 'at,
EMPLOYMENT '¦: WANTBD^-FEMALEl I;
EXPERIENCED infant' s nurse with ! first-class '
'. ; references , wants a position. 'MISS CULLEN,
.-*, '325 «Sutter,gt.,..-.,;lV/ :.:-'.:- '.".' 1 - l :":.''.>'
FRENCH girl. speaking.no English : desires slt-
.-uatlon as second girl: or assist in. housework.
: .MISS . CULLEN,' 325 * Sutter 'at.'..'-' '¦'--..:' .
FIRST-CLASS ; Swedish laundress desires situ- •
•~ I ation ; r-' good '•>. references ; *- city or * country.
¦MISS CULLEN,' 325 Sutter ;' at." ..:'- 1" : - ;"
COMPETENT woman with a child desires alt-
»» uation; J city "'or .country; rererences. . MISS
V : CULLEN,-. 325 Sutterst. ¦:¦¦-:> :.'¦ -'" ,-'" '
DRESSMAKER ¦ would ', like a - few ' more >¦ en- ¦
¦' r gagements by the " day ; . ladles \ and ' children ;
¦ perfect r fitting; , flrst-class "' work; ;> city or
. 'country." Address M. .D., 509 Jones st. -v
EXPERIENCED girl for cooking • and ,house-
¦; work ..would- like situation with old, couple.:
Apply, at 1407 Scott at. .: ¦¦-¦¦ - : »,, •>»:-^ ¦
NEAT, and' reliable Protestant woman wishes
¦ housework r In - ¦. small, plaln-llvlng , family;
wages reasonable..; Address box 4963, ; Call. \:
YOUNG ': lady without i any family connections
•;¦ wishes to : travel ,wlth ; lady.'" Call or address
- ." 121 : Montgomery /at, % room 11.' ,.¦['¦¦ t . .'.''•¦'• '¦¦' '
RESPECTABLE woman, . practical, ? by.-; the
H'lweek or month;. would care for. Invalid: 'good .
;. references. Call before 8 p. . m., 892 ; Geary. '
TRAINED nurse,'! with city ref erences, ; desires ,'
-. , situation, as companion nnd attendant to ln-
valldlady, or would travel" with invalid ; $30
- .to $50 ' per month and expenses. Box 4901,
;--CaIl offlce. • > V 7 1 .,-.'-^'. --:¦::.. ¦¦ . :'" '.' '•¦'. ¦¦*, ¦;-:'¦:",-'
STYLISH I dressmaking in f amillea, . In I ladlea'.
:-"'and children's. clothes, by experienced dress-
; maker; $1 25 per day; references. ;¦_ 1237 .Web-
; :eter st; nearfEills. ' - -¦'.•.*¦•'¦"
RELIABLE -. woman . wants • situation ¦ as chil-
dren' 8- nurse or companion to elderly ' lady;
'¦'.. first-class references; willing to assist „ with
: housework and aewlng. . ¦'. 120 Fourth at.
HOTEL housekeeper— A", lady who .thoroughly
l '.understands her business desires a position in
i flrst-class 7 hoter or summer resort; first-class
' : ref erences. "¦-. Box 1585, -. Call office.:. ¦ .
POSITION wanted - by German nurse : city or,
I countir; has flrst-class references. Box 1479,
¦ Call oftlce. .'• ; ¦ .-..'' : .-;. :' . .- ->¦.- -":':¦ ¦¦"' ¦¦•'¦ ¦
WANTED— Position as housekeeper or com-
*-.-:- panlon to '. elderly lady, for the day • only.
Address Lady, box 4912, Call office. ... ,, ; ,•
RESPECTABLE Swedish woman wants dln-
¦ -ing-room work.ior country work, in boardlng-
house, by the wr-k. -2078 Mission st. ¦'.... '¦¦¦ .;.
AN American woman would like plain or fam-
ily sewing ; dresses ref aced or bound • reason-
¦ able; or will go out by the day, i 210 Grove.'
HOUSEKEEPER, middle-aged American '- wo-
man, wishes position where there la children;
" experienced and trustworthy/ Box 1575, Call.
DRESSMAKER and ladles' tailor, thoroughly
first class, well experienced, excellent refer-
jj ences, $2 per day. Dressmaker, 570 Harrison.
A' STYLISH dressmaker; perfect fitting; rea\
eonable rates. 1131 Polk st. -'
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; f res
'bus and baggage to and' from ferry.; -, ¦
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's* Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions : has been established at 1096
; -'Valencia at' '¦ ¦ : .•..'- ' ¦'¦ ..__^_j___
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED^-MALE.
WANTED— By competent man, position as
coachman, gardener, or to take charge of
small place; references. Address WALLACE
¦ GEDNEY, v rian Mateo. Cal.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on • city , or country place aa coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
.'ly; references. Box 4924. Call offlce.
INDUSTRIOUS young man* desires a altuatlon
I in private : residence; ¦ care of horses, milk,
• tend garden: . handy, and useful; references.
Box 4921,. Call office. •; ¦
MAN wants position as orchardtst, vlneyardlst.
gardener or poultryman : la reliable, . practi-
cal and willing. Box 4923. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position ' as teamster. Address H.'
HINGSBERGEN, 1824 Market ' st; phone
Howarfl 232. , - -.' ¦' ¦ .
GERMAN man and wife, very neat, capable
as man , about place, gardener, etc.; wife in
' flrst-class cook, - both with most excellent
references, wish situations, : either in city or
country, " at $50. Can be seen ' at J. F.
CROSETT & CO.'S. 334 Sutter, at.
COUPLE wa nt ranch • positions ; husband hon-
est, capable, • sober, - intelligent; : performs
' light general, work .and- superintends; wife
..'splendid housekeeper and manager; Eastern
. experience. - Box 4873, Call offlce. .
WANTED — By a", man of long practical experi-
ence in the manufacture of preserves, pickles,
.catsups and sauces; city or country. -Address
W. H., 1729 Eddy st. • v
MALE: stenographer desires i position; is em-
i . ployed at present but would like change; sev-
eral years' experience; best of references. Box
1532, Call offlce. .--/ : :
ELDERLY man would like to work In private
family: care pf horses or cows; city or coun-
*J try; small wages; references if required.. Ad-
dress 278 Natoma at. - -^ ¦"".¦ .•¦ :
WANTED— By man and wife of experience, a
• ranch or farm to rent or to take care; refer-
. ences given ; . write for particulars. Address
N. D.. 50 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
A YOUNG man would like position in whole-
sale or retail house,: any work;' city or coun-
'. try; good references. Box 4906, Call office. :
YOUNG man wants position as : coachman and
gardener; good driver; can milk; handy .with'
tools. Box 1407. Call. ..
INTELLIGENT young man - having 5 or. 6
hours daily to himself wishes outside work.
Address with ¦ particulars, box 4916. Call.
GARDENER; understands grafting, - budding
• and all-around . gardening: private place or
. nursery; reference. .-.Box 1601, : Call office.
WATCHMAKER, flrst-class .workman ' and
steady hablte.M wants position; has good set
of tools ; • city, or , country. Box : 15S9. Call. -
FIREMAN wants position ; seven \ years' ex-
perience; best of references; Box 4740.' Call.
A BRANCH of flee, for Call advertisements and
: subscriptions has . been ' established at 109«
..: .Valencia" at.'. ¦•¦."-¦.--. .'¦ %'¦.-. ' ' -'~
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmort.'
. ' " . . FINANCIAL. ' *< : '-: :
PACIFIC Underwritlng& Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
'have 42 offices In operation; new method o£
: placing .stocks . and bonds ; . companies . Incor-
porated; stocks; and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
-and bonds sold; good projects wanted;, inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan;:wrlte
-us. Pac. States Mining&Invest. Co., 326 Post'
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call.- 16 pages, sent . to any. addresa .' in - the
- United States, or. Canada one year for $1.
;,-,;_ >"'•;_-¦_- FLATS TOLET. ;.. . .
TO . let— Two aunny 'corner : flata of T rooms;
good opening ¦¦ for -dentist. -Apply to Golden
: .Gate Pharmacy, corner Fillmore and t Union.'
NICE . cozy . flat of 4 ' rooms ; stationary waah-
r, tuba and .bath;* $18. : 1181A' Howard st. .
A NEW modern upper. flat of 6 rooms and bath;
< ; rent reasonable. -Inquire at 1180 Stanyan st.
GROVE, .790 — New 6unny^ modern flat, 6 rooms,
. r bath. ¦ tinted, storeroom; : adults. : ; . ¦/- ' ; ¦
HAWTHORNE, 172A near 1 Harrison— Sunny
4 lower flat -of 4'rooms. . ,-! " --.-'IV. '¦: ' '¦;'¦.
¦ NEW ! modern sunny flats; .v yards f and base-
; .menta; near Park. v 257 Carl at.', nr.'i Stanyan.
STANYAN, ; 1132^-Furnlshed . or unfurnished
"¦ .' lower flat: NE. corner; eun : all day ; • modern.
CHEAPEST and best In America-— The Weekly
Call, ,-16-. pages, r sent 'to -any address in the
•: " TJnlted States > or "-, Canada • one year -for' $1.'
i';-- postage paid, v ¦ . -'¦¦'¦ ¦¦¦-'¦¦ '-"*;'- -~: ; -.
1 PLATS .TO .LET^-FURNISHED. , ;
GOLDEN GATE, 1517— 4 rma.; bath'-gaa range;
'^garden; $25;lower,flat, > 2,rma.',i$12 50; 1 to 4.,
¦':''. FLATS" FOR .'SALE^— FUKNISHiaO.'i T
NEWLY • furnished , corner , flat, '- 8 ' rooms and
bath;, all- bay windows; [price $625.;., Call at
; ',; 405' Eddy; at..'; corner: Hyde. ? -:..;.'., ;i:^: 1 .- ; '.
A - GRANDLY furnished 6-room flat at a bar-
' '- ? gain; ; D: McR AE,' 837 Mission st. H .
UPSTAIRS flat," 6 aunny furnished rooms.-' Call
£ 1C20 ; Central ; ave.7; bet.'f Sutter^ and \ Bush sts. i
•A' WEEK'S news Xor C cents— The Weekly Call,;
10 page»;< in .wrapper for mailing." $1 per year. 1
; ; <^cfijrxiti^e" ; forVsale.V- .'. ¦' :
'AT : CAVANAGH i Furniture • Co.;": 64*sTana i 850
.Mission st. — Special Inlaid linoleum, 65c yard;:
\ : couches. '. $3 ; • atoves, ' $5 ; ' chalra,* 35c ; bed sets, ¦
V.$8 and up; 4 rms,' furn., ' oak, \ $48, ] No. ( 7 atove. 1
4 ROOMS i furnished ¦ In • oak,': $48 50.', with No. 7-
range.. King. Furniture Co.'.- 1127-1131 Market.;
i ..CrTV ;,¦.-;:. furniture v ! WANTEp'.*.\V. J i! i :,
¦A! i.WOLLPERT.V 773 > Mission^ bt.^ pays'? highest '<
' - price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.;
BIG price paid for furniture for CO days; special;
, f .reasons.'^ WAUGH.v O 415.r Examiner bldg. . ¦
'.aa^' '-¦ '"¦ / ''"-
'D.'&'F: BLACK suede gloves; best inthe world , '
warranted; kept: in repair. ?121;Grant!ave.<^-
SAX FRAXCISCO CAIX.
/ BUSINESS .OFFICE of The San Francisco '
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
unUl 12 o'clock every nterht in the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
::Q0 Iiayee street; open until 9:30 p. m. ¦'.; ': v
C33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 iArkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2251 Market etreet corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
1C6 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1006 Velencia street: open until 9 p.m.
Northwes-t corner . Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING >OTICES. .
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Command^ry j*.
No. 16, K. T-. <^5 Suttrr st. — Special TttSp
aarrmbly THIS EVENING at 7 ES
o'clock. Order of lied Cross. All WB'
rraters are courteously invited.
II. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
TKEO. FROLICH. Recorder. .
STARR KING Lodge U. D.. F. and A. ~~m
M., Mowrys Hall, will meet THIS _1V_
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 TSJ2Z
o'clock. Third degree. By order of '
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Sec. .^
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. ft
M-— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON-
DAY), April 14. 1902. at 7:30 o'clock Tk3T
p. m. First degree. By order of the ' »
W. M.. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2C0. F. m ¦
and A. M.. 1S39 Fillmore st— First ~J\-
and second degrees THIS EVENING >T3f
at 7:30 o'clock. : ' /^T^
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
THE griniiai meeting of the members of the
Society of Progressive Spiritualists will be
held at their offlce, 3322 Seventeenth Bt.
SUNDAY. April 13. at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such business as may
ccme before the meeting.
JOHN* KOCH. Secretary.
ENGROSSING,
Resolutions, etc. In first-class manner. J. W.
. GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College. 2t Poet at.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS— $10 daily, introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business . houses,
backs, churches, prli-ate & public buildings
buy at eight; these burners are, what the peo-
ple are looking for; they do not require a
chlmneydo break)or wick to trim, & make«no
emcke and dirt; fit any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble. & produce best, , cheapeat
6 cleanest light; It is a great money maker
for agents; 200 per cent profit; write at once
& get to work right away; sample free. En-
terprise Mfg. Co.. B. 867. Cincinnati. Ohio.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES case; future predicted; readings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. _^
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges ; open eve' a; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without auccess ; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market at., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE "free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON, 819 Market st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket gt. : consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and eee' for yourself: repairing.
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market gt.
POGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of aong, <
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kin<*s. 1546 Market gt..bet.Sth&9th.
' BOOKS XEW AXD OLD. -
EOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes, 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
~~ BrSIXESS CHAXCES.
A^$lioo7~ SALOON with mercantile lunch; 14
nns.; rent $60; close to Palace Hotel: no night
work; a first-class paying place; established
years. Call R. G. •VVILKE, 'J6M Keamy st
A— $1000; CANDY etore and factory; best loca-
tion on Larkin st; an elegantly finished 6tore
and first-class paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^i Kearny et
X SC50; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40; place first-class paying; surrounded by
railroad chops, placing mills and lumber
yards. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny 6t
A— DELICATESSEN and 'fancy grocery In
choicest location of this city; established
many years; large trade; big profits; etock
invoices about S-'>.*»00; price $4000; rent $20.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st
A -$K00; BUTCHER ehop: established years;
doing a first-class business; located in Oak-
land; rent $'15. including 7 rooms, 2 horses,
7 wagon. 1 cart. Particulars It. G. WILKE,
2C^j Kearny Et. . . ¦
A-yS20G0;~RARr: chance; vicinity of Market
and McAllister rts.; rent $55, including ti pri-
vate room?; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE,
2ev4 Kearny Et
A — $1200; RARE chance; notions, cigars, can-
dy and variety 6tore/ with telephone and
laundry office, in booming town across the
bay: place clears above $250 during 8 months
In the year; Investigate at once. R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny et.
A— $1000; UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying
establishment on Devisadero st; rent $25; at
least $800 etock on hand; good business;
sickness only cause of sale. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C& Kearny at.
$350^ — CORNER cigar store, north of Market
between two theaters; old age cause of eale.
M. LESS. 131 Montgomery et.. room 4.
$1600 — COFFEE e&lobn in heart of the city;
down town; magnificently fitted throughout;
well established place; everything first-class,
enormous transient business; low rent; re-
ceipts Justify $3000 Investment; old age the
only cause of eale; best char.ce In this city.
M. LESS, 1S1 Montgomery at., room 4. . .
$300 — CORNER grocery ar.d bar. In Western
Addition; 6 rooms and bath; present owner
there 8 years. M. LESS. 131 Montgy, rm. 4.
CIGAR store; rent $20 a month; 2-year lease;
good stock; good business $300
Cigar etantJ; wholesale district;- rent $25;
food corner; daily sales average $12 $250
Iffllllnery store; good country town; good
etock; business well established -..$500
Saloon: good central location; favorable
lease; good fixtures & stock; choice lnv.$5000
Do you want a. good business of any descrip-
tion? If to, call. I can «uit you.
G. V.'. SCHWEINHARD.
ai7 Market gt (upstaire), bet 5th and 6th.
OUR dividend for the week ending April 12 was
$5 6S on each $100 invested. Our dlvldenda.
are larger than any other firm. Dividends
paid every Monday morning. Earns more 4n
one week than in year in savings bank.
Principal can be -withdrawn at any time, and
dividends paid up to hour of withdrawal.' A
tested investment. Safe as Government bonds.
We invite investigation. Call or write for
Interesting literature.
AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSN..
Suite 615, Emma Spreckela bldg.
$5500 — 95-ROOM hotel and bar, central, always
full.
*1700 — Grocery and bar, 5 fur. rms, Folsom.
$1500 — Grocery Rnd -bar, 2 living rms. Pine.
$1200 — Books, notions, • circulating library,
fine, must be eold, Valencia St.
HEALY & CARE, S27 Market Et.. rm. 208.
A — WANTED — In an oJd-establsh'xl business,
one or two men with $20,000 or $25,0C0 each;
business will stand Investigation ; . references
exchangee Box 1576, Call office. t
WANTED — A reliable man with $150 to Invest
in established business that will pay him
$18 to ?20 per week; no experience required;
light work. 410 Kearny St., room 36.
A — GO CIGAR stands; prices $75 to J20C0;
rents $6 to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7
daily. HEDGES. 461-462 Perrott building.
$3000 — HARDWARE etcre paying well; lo-
cated In growing, prosperous town; pales
. average $13,000 per annum; profits net XJ 1-3
per cent; expenses light; invoice if desired;
must sell; make offer; no agents. 4922, Call.
¦ $375 — PARTNER in first-class business; 'will
teach you the business. DECKER. 921 Markt
FOR eale — Bootblack stand. 1231 Market st
BARBER shop for sale; boss la sick. 181
Minna Et.
TO let — Good corner restaurant, partly" fur-
nished: rent cheap; also bakery, furnished;
good chance for baker. 1535 or 1520 Seventh
et. (formerly Webster). We«t Knd, Alameda.
VALUABLE foreign patents for Bale, or will
trade for city property. Address box 4920,
Call orfle*. " -.---•.¦ :' /
. : :
$200— THE best opening, for an active man in
the city; fullest investigation solicited." Par-
ticulars 705 Market st, room 3;
TOli sale or exchange— Roadhouse, a short
dlstar.ee from San Francisco. Inquire 513
Pacific et.
FOR HALE — Outside route thie paper; call from
6 to 7 p. m.; Saturday and Sunday. excepted.-
" V27 Shctwell et -
PARTY to taVe equal Interest in paying busi-
iieee; qualifications for salesmanship' and
- . email capital required. Bex 4S58. Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery store for
eale cheap. Apply 1795 Ellis et. cor. Pierce.
ABE yon lookinsr to establish bos'nesF? Best
¦ tlace on 2 continents. Owner. 454 31th.' Oak.
HELP FEMALE. _
ATC..R. HANSEN & CO.'S..Phone Grant 185
'*-•-? 5 •'•'. -.Hotel Department." - :"
- ; Head waitress, Los Aneetes^ cafe, must nn-
¦ I derstand < checking systemTTio : Sunday .work,"
• fare advanced.. $45 month. -"¦ - "
: 2 head ' waitresses, . springs. it.:... ........ .$10
.10 waitresses,*; spring and resort hotels. V.. $20
• Ctiambermaid3,'. city and country ......... ;$20
: 3 Chambermaids . to .wait, city and country. -$20
¦Waitresses . to do ! chamberwork at present__
:¦¦¦- springs >....".. :..... .'.'- .'. ..'......'. .$20
: Dinner. and ; lunch jwai tresses . . . .". . ..50c meal
. Cpok,^ summer resort, fare paid 540
¦ ' Laundress, • resort, ' fare paid, same place.. 530
. Manslers ...v... -..¦.-..•".. $15 mo. and $7~v<eek
: , :'. FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
, -German housekeeper, $15; 'housekeeper, $10;
house girl, Calistoga, see party here, family
• of 2, $20; placea of all kinds in this depart-
, ment- for ': cooks. : . house w girls, second girls,'
• nurse " glrls^ city .' and • country, going • wages.
. C.',R.i HANSEN & CO.; 429 Bush at. (oppo-
,..' site California Hotel, and Theater).
MRS. : M. : E. DA Y Phone Main 1575
... ..;..:. .". HOTEL DEPARTMENT
/: ,' 25 ( waitresses, springs, ' resorts, commercial
:;••;¦ and - city hotels, \ $25 r and ; $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses, $7 week; 2 chambermaids, coun-
try hotels, $20; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20;
{pantry women,: $25. : : . .:..:.....:...'....:...
..... . : . ' FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2. cooks, city. ..$32 60 and $30; young-Irish
¦cook, near ; city, $30;- housegtrl, 3 in family,
! ' $30; 2 second girls, $25 and 520. :.."......
MRS. M.E. DAY. ....;........ 335 Geary st
NEAT ': young saleslady * for " candy store, $7
f..; week to begin. MRS. M. E. DAY.& CO., 335
Geary, st. ¦' ,.. -¦ . .:. <-• - '. ¦
COAST EMPLOYMENT CO., , .
~ 502 Taylor «t; phone Black 2194."
MRS. KERR AND COZZENS.
. Woman, .¦ general housework, ¦ city, " $20 ; wo-
man : helper In kitchen, $20; ' chambermaid.
v $18,^ room and board ; .waitress, ; city. . $20. -
WANTED — Good solderera, press hands and
" girls over 14 years of age. • Apply at Amerl-
'¦¦¦] can Can Co., Seventh and Townsend sts.,
; factory. :. ¦ / ¦ . ; ¦ .
GIRL for housework and. cooking; German pre-
' ferred; references. Call to-day at 1306 Van
.Ness av«." -.•'.-'¦>-•¦.• --'--¦ ' '-'".*'' .
WOMAN for partner in lunch and coffee par-
lor; "- $50 required; trial given. Particulars
*"257Fourth st.;' cigar store. ¦ ¦¦•. .. '
ONE skirt hand ¦ and a waist finisher. . MRS.
L. gROWN McCOURT, 36 Geary, room IS.
EXPERIENCED waitress; wages $0 per week.
,.- 631 Ellis st. ¦ , -.-. ¦ - ¦'- ¦ ¦ ¦- : .. .-:¦¦
.V/ ANTED— Girl for general housework; two in
'rf family; wages $15. .616 Waller st. ¦'
COMPETENT, girl for general housework;
small family; wages $20. .1261 Octavia at
APPRENTICE on vests. 913 . Pacific st. '
GERMAN girl for \ cook and light housework;
-.". wages $25. 1817 'Calif ornia at. .
WANTED — Young girl for second work.. Call
rat 2932 Clay at, bet*. 9 and 12.
GIRL to assist in cooking and" housework; no
' washing ' or . ? window-cleaning. 818 . Hayes.
WANTED— A neat' girl to wait at table In
small restaurant. 603% Post st.
.YOUNG woman; for light' housework and take
-care of baby; wages $15. 473 Fourth at.
HAIRDRESSING — Day and evening school for
poor girls; trade . guaranteed In 2 wks.; cost
- $4; manicuring, massage, bleaching, switches;
3 girls for private customers assured $50 per
: mo. ; bring ad. . and get 50c discount. - COL-
; LEGE. 233 Geary st..' rooms 13-15. -.. ' <v
WANTED— Girl or young woman to do light
. housework in 'Alameda; 5-room cottage; 2 In
'-.'. i. family ; good home for . right person ; wages
¦$10 per month. 2045 San Antonio ave., Ala-
¦*'. meda. .' -','. ¦• '"":' ":• • •¦ ¦ ' ¦ : . - • .
BUTTON-HOLE makers . on coats and vesta;
finishers on coats and pants; girls to learn
tailoring; : steady employment. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 6il Market st.
WANTED — First-class hairdresser and mani-
cure. Apply • between ¦ 8 and 11 a. m. at
-HALE BROS.'V,-. -•¦¦. ' ¦
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 8 and 11 a, m. at HALE BROS.'
EKPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
good wages. I. MAGNIN &' CO., 656 Mis-
slon.st, third, floor. ¦ . ;
WANTED— Experienced operators on. women's
waists;;.' steady work; electric powers good
pay.' MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st' .z
WANTED — First-class sewers on ladles' shirt
waists, 6un bonnets, skirts, etc. H. FRIED-
, LANDER, 338 Fell at. . - .>:¦ "
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
aary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont
et. MR. DAVIS. ; ;-..-.^ --':> .
RESPECTABLE woman of 30 years to do cook-
ing and light housework: small family; ref-
erencea. 716 Franklin.- st. ..:., .-- t :*
Hairdressing, massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc. ; 2 wks., $5. College, 1236
Market, rm. 94; splendid positions; day; eve.
GIRLS 'about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS '&
, CO.. - 32% Fremont at, MR. DAVI3.
FINISHERS on coats and pants; steady . work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
: Marketist. ' ,
OPERATORS on overalls;. experience not neces-
sary. LDVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont
'at. MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. - LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32% Fremont at. MR. DAVIS. x ¦
WANTED— Girls to iron ahlrta. Apply THE
. L. ELKUS . CO.; 29 andSl -Battery, at.
GIRLS to learn how, to sew; paid while learn-
'.< ing. '656 Mission St., third floor. : . .
OPERATORS on chtldren'a suits and ladies'
,' underwear. 656 Mission at., third floor, j
WANTED^-A commercial traveler at once.
Box 1505. Call offlce. .
OPERATORS . on gents' custom, and stock
'-; shirts. B35 st. . • •
GOOD borne "for "young girl "willing, to assist
. lady; wages $5. 513 Bryant at. .
FINISHERS on cloaks .wanted immediately.
/^•M. SIMINOFF, -1228 Market -at. -: .
WANTED-^Experlenced .shirt makers. EAO-
LESON &CO.; 535 Market at , ¦ ,
10 LADIES wanted for concert hall In South-
| ern California. Call 900 Market st. parlor 17.
150 OPERATORS to work in factory on ladles'
, ;¦¦ underwear. - - C56 Mission st. third floor.
150' OPERATORS on. ladles' waists to work in
. ;': factory. " 650 Mission St., third floor.' . r. • ,
GIRL8:14 to 17 for factory work. Apoly at
. once, AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento at
WANTED — First-class waist hands. 1186
Ellis - at. .-':_ _¦ -.',.•¦¦ - .
WANTED Immediately — First-class tailoress;
permanent position. :. 409 Geary at. , ".
GIRLS wanted ; ' ¦'. factory : hands. " Apply Gulf
Bag Co.. 709-711 Front' at. .' ¦?"¦-..
GIRL for * general • housework; plain cooking:
. amall family; wages $18. 1401A Scott at
FINISHERS on coats, • $12 per . week ; also ap-
; prentice. < 344 Tehama at. . - ' ¦
WANTED- Finishers on pants. $9 to $10 week.
/" 108 Battery; st, ' . ¦ ¦:>.;.';,v. ' £¦ :
GOOD : s . tailoress ; and button-hole ' makers;
: : steady; good wages.* AD. HOENIG, 819 Post.
WANTED-^-Glrl to set type; steady Job to right
party. ' 1008 ; Mission st. .'
600 GIRLS, "• all - sizes, for J May day. Aerial
; ., Park, ¦ Eleventh ¦ and ¦ Market : sts. . .
WANTED— Girl ¦ for cooking . and downstairs
':¦-. work. .- 1224' Golden Gate ave.- . -^. ¦ ¦
TYPEWRITING taught. ' $5 1 full course ; short-
,, hand speed class, $2 mo. -..927 Market, r. 305.
A BRANCH; offlce for, Call advertisements and
' . subscriptions y has ; been: established; &V 1096
¦¦¦ -Valencia at. .V-- .,.¦'.'.- :¦-"¦ "'.. '.' .<"-'¦-- ¦
HELP - WANTED-—MALE: i
MURRAY** t READY. ; ;"".". . . .Phone ' Main 6548
• Leading Employment and 'Labor Agents."
6S4-638 : Clay St. -'^OaPiSKSB'SK
-: ". FOR NEVADA.
¦ - Free' ¦ Fare. ' , • ' |
.Morning. ;.'... . ..Ship To-Day .".'.'.; .'...Night
: 1500 men to work on railroad .in all parts of
¦""California and Nevada:.. '.Wages $2 to $4 day
"A 150 . men for * sawmill,' $30 ; to $50 . and found ;
.300 laborers, different Jobs, $1 15 to $2 50 day;
,. : 20 teamsters, "city and country,' $2 to $2 50
.-: day; 160- farmers, fruit and other farms, SCO
• -, to " $30 ; ; 23 milkers - and * butter makers, »30
: v to '$40 and'., found;- 17- choremen and,' chore
" J ; boys,": $20 to $30 and found ; 3 15 laborers for
¦ factory, near city; > 6 carpenters, > near city,
$3i day; '2vblackamiths; 3 blacksmiths; : a
foreman ' for ' quicksilver mine, see boss here;
¦'. ,¦ foreman ;.'¦„ for x'j quarry, -'¦'.- see/- boss i ¦ . here; .
10 laborersv for 5 ; mine,; $30 s and -found;- 10
miners, 8 , hours, " $75 ;• 16 quarry , men ; ; young
: • man ; to • drive light . delivery; wagon; city ; : 18
i : cooks, ; city! and . country . hotels, , etc., i $30 ; to
cook for officers mining company, $60 and
*¦' found;"6*camp cooks,i$40:;to:$50: 23 walt-
'7-. ers, -; $26 to . $40 ' and r . found ; r 2 j porters ; . 3 bell
boys;25 kitchen hands.", Altogether;we want
•',-3764 men '.to fill vacant positions; some down"
and read our bulletin boards and select your
V!own .'job. Vi-r ' ; ¦¦'-' : ' :••: •; ¦"¦¦ ¦•; - : :¦¦';'*, v ¦':'¦; ' .. •= ;*
¦ V .'.'.MURRAY. : & .READY. 634-636/ Clay at/ .
ANDRE'S : Office,' 316 Stockton' at— Cook." plain
>-'• hotel near city," $45; cook for small oyater and
v chop \ house, ; country, ; $40 ; - second > cook,""; $65 ;
.-'¦ waiter,": $10 ¦ a '.week: i porter, for ¦ dlnlngr-room,
¦"¦$25; :; potwasher, • $30; dishwasher," $25;. or-
. chardist.'i $25, . etc. ' , ; " • " •
1 A— HOTEL* GAZETTE.'- 20 Montgomery, rnv 12.
» '¦'¦", Porter," $25 ; .waiter, 11 $30," : country; ' porter, $25;
*• . bellboy,! city, $10; city; 2 colored .waiters, $30;
•*.'¦ barman,* MO. :;.' .V ,"¦;''
" -WANTED— Reliable typewriter: must be famll-'
. Iar. with wholesale butcher business and have
. - - .. good '. references. ? '¦' A."? AMEISE.".73O ¦ East • st '
,W ANTED— Two' asphalt : pavers,' floor work, . at
-' . oncer : Altorado"; Brewing Co., Stockton, Cal."
¦-¦ V : HO*RSKS_AXgJgAGOX3» u
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Ma^^
ket. 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagon*, har-
„ ness etc.: auction sales every Wednesday at
lit m.T JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SPAN of mules for sale; 7 years old; broke:
weight about 1Q50: suitable for camping. J.
H. DUTCHER, Livennore. Cj^_
FOR sale. Santa Rosa salesyard— Just arrived,
.several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1401> Market, cor. 11th.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June J>. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.; 510 Golden Gate are.
Largest stock 2d-*and wagons, huckboard. sur-
rey, harness. tuork.drivir.g horses. 15th&valencla.
AN A No.' 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 533 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET. . ,
A PRINTED list houses 'to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSBN & CO..14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six rooms; 8 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Appiy
, 10 Ewer place.
NEW house. 6 rooms and batn. every modern
Improvement; sunny yard and large base-
ment 521 Liberty st.. near Castro.
HOUSES TO LET— FgRXISHEP.
a FURNISHED residences and flats la all
1 parts or the city, $30 to $350; call to see us;
we can suit you. SPECK St CO.. 687 Market.
! FULTON 1533 — Handsomely furnished 10-room
1 house, rjeai- Panhandle: reasonable. Apply
between 2 and 4 p. an. ' .'
PACIFIC Heights residence, 7 rooms, batli.
modern furn.. piano; rent low. desirable par-w
¦ty. 3 or g mos. com. Apr. 20. Box 4.90. CaU^
MISSION, 2324 — Villa residence; furnished; 7
rooms, bath; low rent to-permanent tenant.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW house. 7 rooms; sun all day: flne resl-
• dence district; Portola st, off Waller, byt.
Pierce and Steiner. OEO. MOORE. «3 Portola.
IXVKSTMEXTS.
TOE investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery st,
8. F. Call or write for particulars.
LOST ANDTOCTP. \
LOST — Gold watch, huntlns case, whit* fac«,
marked GEO. H. SMITH, KnoxvUle. Tenn.:
works marked GEO. H. SMITH; monogram
H. H. L. on case. Reward on return to
CAPT. H. H. LUDLOW, Fort Baker, Sau-
Ballto. Cal. ¦ . • ¦¦ . ¦-
LOST— Gold-headed cane at ferry ' wtt 5iJ nltl^f
J. K. Return to JOS. KOHLBECHER, 115
Fourth St.. and receive reward.
LOST— Small white curly dog. light tan spots,
name Nina; liberal reward. 411C Van Ness
avenue.
LOST — Heavy plush buggy rob*, pal* green
one elde and dark checkered the other; $3 re-
ward. St. Lawrence Stables. 423 Post st.
LOST— 2 passbooks with the Htbernia Saving*
and Loan Society- of San I Francisco, In the
names of RACHEL SAALFIELD and ROB-
ERT H. SAALFIELD (a minor); Nos. 258-
61S and 210-1525. The Under will please re-
turn to bank. "
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MATEO HERRERA. No. 259-319.
Tbe. finder will please return to bank.
FOX. terrier; license number 4461.' Return t»
1701 Van Ness -ave. and receive^reward. 1^
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-'
n!a Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch case*.
MATRIMONIAL. "~
MARRIAGE bureau; est 1SS7: reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 708 El'.ls.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; fconest work guar-
anteed. HOPKB BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass. Iron beds; mattresses: pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission; tet. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all' who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
- * have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on alt subjects
: of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
1 NELL, office & residence. • 1018 ilkt., op. 5th.
MRS. SWEET. COfl'Ouerero st.',~ near . ISth —
Graduate of Royal University. Berlin; has 25
years" experience In midwifery cases: takes
ladles before and during corrSnement; best
motherly care; Infants adopted; confinements
" $15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known reliable ladies'
specialist; 30 years' experience; instant relief
guaranteed; home in confinement; hours 9 to
5 and 7 to & Removed to 100S*i Market st.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known ladles' special-
ist, removed to 1008% Market St.. opp. 5th st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
lst; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market St., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HIXDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES* original
methed of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement. 1126 Market »t., 3. F.
DR ROSEN, ladies' reliable and sincere ape-V
clallst. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10. f
MRS. DAVIES. ladles' specialist, at old office.
122S Market st. ; no branch office.
DR. NG TOT KEB, 210 Stockton it. opposite
.Union square; all diseases cured: by herbs.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
' United States or Canada one year lor Jl,
postage paid. ¦ . .
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mcd-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
00 H. P. BOILER and engine complete $580
35 H. P. Economic return flue boiler.
portable ". ..300
20 H. P. return tubular boiler 150
15 H. P. return tubular boiler..... 123
40 H. P. locomotive fire box boiler .250
4 H. P. boiler and engine complete..... 90
5 H. P. boiler and engine complete...... 10O
4 H. P. gasoline engine complete -. 10O
Donkey engine and boiler for hoisting.... 300
SO oil tanks, all shapes and sizes.
1000 gate valves, also globes, % In. to IS to.
S50O ft. • rubber and leather belt H. 8.
WHITS. 130-132 Beale st ¦
A— BUYS, sell or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments: billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or re nted. The ,
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. -652 Mission.
NEW Harwood cash register; cost $155; will
sell for $125. 1427 Market it., bet Eleventh
and Twelfth. ' ¦
MARBLE- — For sale cheap; ten new scrolls,
large and small. - single or all together, at
¦ the Tell House. Ocean View.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popular
. i Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg"y.
80.000 GALLON redwood tank; 8500 ft. 2. 3. 4i
and g-tnch pipe. THOMPSON. 40 Main st >
FOR sale — Soda water fountain, price $200:
- original cost $S50. Drug store, Pino & Kmy.
2 FIRST-CLASS wheels, lady's and gentlel
man's; $25 for both. • t>17«Fulton st'. -
FRESK cow. calf 4. days old; rich milk; sell
' or trade for dry cow. S3 Shotwell st.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 033 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E.,DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stoc'i.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
' SAFES-^-New and second hand. THE IIER-
MAN SAFE CO.; 417-423 Sacramento st.
; FOR' second-hand machlnery,enginesandboU«rs
go to D. J.McMasters.SE.cor.Snd and Erannan.
': 1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
| bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2<l-hand moving pjc-
. tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
•ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
' J. BURKE. 139 Eeale st.
[CHEAPEST and best in "America— The .Weekly
Call. %1C -pages.' sent i to any. address tn the
States or. Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
WE pay • $5 per , ICO for names: send 10c for
'.'blank bock. and .particulara. .The . Frencn
. Chemical Co.. - 241 ,; N. Fifth st. Phila.. Pa.
EIG prices paW for sealskin coats; also gents'
• full 'dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Lean
'.Of flee.' 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 434. 7
TILTON wants good . second-hand cloth,iaa ana
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tet. Jessie 2851.
TWILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins:
send postal; will call. Box 4337. Call of flc».
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sties, any
1 ,' condition. Farns-!rorthElectrlcalWks..4X8Turk.
AT C. R.' HANSEN & CO.'S. .. ...429 Bush St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st,
......:....... FOR NEVADA ......... ¦*'•••
....FOR NEVADA :.....-..:...-
New railroad work.... Trnrnr;... Free fare
. ..;.... ...:.;-;.'. wanted .:
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen, plow hold-
. era, . ecraper loaders, powdermen and stone
masons, $2. $2 25 and $4 day. •
' '. ; . . . ..... Ship morning and . night ..........
Free fare. ... . . . . . . ..... .... ...... .Free fare
Brick mblders, $50 and board; off bearers," $35
and board, see boss here; 20 laborers, com-
pany work. , near city, $2 a day; 20 laborers.
. city, $1 75. a. day; 4 carpenters, company
work, near city. $3 a day; 20 farmers, mllk-
-ers, choremen and. others, $20, $25, $30 and
L $35.
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, $80; second cook,' $50; thirl
1 - cook, $35. for railroad eating bouse in Ari-
zona. . free fare; . head cook, country hotel.
$75; second cooks, fryers and broilers, city.
S50 to $75; secend cook. Institution, country,
, $40; yardman, country hotel. $20: 2 butlers
; with- good • references, country. $50; ranch
cook, $25;, 2 dishwashers, country hotel. $25,
¦ free fare; ailvermen, 'dlshwashera,. kitchen
hands and others. • :
E ....... .Male. Entrance 12. Berry st
: C. R. HANSEN & CO. . . . 429 Bush st.
LABORER about. mine and wife. $60 to $65;
' blacksmith ' fer wagon work, $2 50 day:
carriage smith. $3 - to $3 50 a day; car-
riage painter, $2 50 to $3 day; woodworker,
$3 to $4; blacksmith- fo/ mine, $2 day and
. board; -5 bench hand* and carpenters, $3 50
day; woodchoppera, 80c to $1 50 and $4 cord;
custom shoemaker;- carpenter : for sawmill,
$70; millwright $3 50 day; 2 choppers for
|- mine, $1 50 day and board: 3 miners, $2 50
" to $2 75 day, and ¦ many others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st -
COACHMAN, $30 and found; ranch foreman.
,*. $50 and found; 3 milkers. $30 and found;
ranch teamster, $35 and found; 8 laborers.
$1 75 and $2 50 day; 6 laborers for mill and
woods. $26 to $30 and found, fare advanced;
2 Italian quarry men. $30 and found; buggy
washer, $30 and found; boys for box factory,
$5 to $6 week; ( young | man ; to learn i black-
smith 'trade, $1 day and increase; boy for
paint shop, $4 week and increase, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st
BUTLER and wife. $60 to $65; waiter and
wife, $30 to $60; cook and wife, $50; broiler,
$70; restaurant cook,' $70; cook for institu-
tion, $40 and found; second cooks, $40 and
',$65; restaurant waiters," porters, dishwashers
and . others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S
.Sacramento st ;
STEWARD, country hospital, $30 and found.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
. . - - 69 Third st, phone Bush 4C5.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada $2 to $2 25 per day
Gang of laborers, Nevada. ... .$2 to $2 25 day
25 rock drillers* laborers $2 25 per day
SHIP DAILY.
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods,
$26 to $65 month and board, fare advanced.
10 lumber pliers ..$2 per day
. 2 experienced edgermen... S3 per day
2 head setters or screw turners $3 per day
8 bridge carpenters^.'. ............ ;$3 per day
6 laborers, near city. $2 per day
3 teamsters, near clty..$l 25 day and board
Stablemen and buggy washers, city i
....- .$45 to $65 per month
Horseshoer, country $2 per day and found
3 cabinet makers', city $3 per day
.CAL. EMP. AGENCY.. ....:...d9 Third St.
BARBERS — A good-paying 2-chatr barber shop
and bath for sale. HENRY FALK, Angels
Camp, Cal.
BARBER" shop; must be sold: paying $125 per
month, with nice 3-room flat, well furnished;
rent $15; price $250. 1035 Guerrero st. . :
JOBBING plumber. 434 Valencia, st.
BOY wanted. • 330 Kearny, at. >"
WANTED — Elevator boy. Royal House. 128
Ellis st. - •-,'..- ¦
GOOD shoemaker 'wanted. 492 Pacific st.
COATMAKER to work by the week. Room
.1001 Palace Hotel. , ..
SOBER youcg man with some cash, $15 week;
steady place. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market
EXPERIENCED dishwasher wanted." '631
j;iUa st. '•',,'¦.'"-'
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. M. DIECK-
- ERT. 113 Hayes at -;; •. . .¦ ' \-
WANTED — A custom shoemaker on, - repalr-
lng. 1029 Howard at ' '
BOY to learn trade: $3 a week. California
Photo Engraving Co.. 500 Mission at. . •
WANTED— All-round harness maker. 713
-"'-" Folsom at.- "*«...-. . ¦'',:¦¦- . . ¦
PAINTER wanted. ..' 347% Fourth «t: .call
early.. - ¦ _|_ '
•". .."¦ I : - "
WANTED— A good boy on delivery. 402 Post.
GOOD man ¦ cook, email boarding * house. $25
per month and room. 6S0 Sixth ' at
WANTED — Bootblack at 1905 Flllmore at.
WAITER wanted at 103 Hayes at. "'• '.-'.'-T ¦'.-'-
BOOTBLACK wanted at 902 Larkin at. J:';i
SHOEMAKERS wanted at 830 Broadway, Oak-
land." Cal. . ¦ ¦ . -
WANTED — A pressboy Immediately. PAYNE
ART PRINTING CO.. 836 Howard st
GOOD dishwasher at 1201 Fillmore at, corner
. Turk. - - ¦ -
NIGHT cashier and office boy. 29 Stockton at
WANTED— For large office furniture estab-
lishment, first-class experienced shipping and
etock clerk; must be experienced packer; no
fee. Independent ' Employment . Bureau. 528
Montgomery- st. room 1.
WANTED — A reliable man with $150 to Invest
In established business that will pay him $18
to $20 per week; no experience required; light
. work. " 410 Kearny at, room 38. .
WANTED— A few energetic," Intelligent gentlft-
men to present an attractive, lst-class finan-
cial proposition: successful candidates earn
$100 to ' $300 mo. ; ¦ salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, daily from 2
. to 4 p. m.; ex. Sun.," 569 8th "st. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Recruit* for the marine corps. XJ.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of goo4
• character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than S feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
' ' inch : able to speak and read English: For
further Information apply nt the Recruiting
' Office. 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
WANTED — Sawyers to operate large " circular
-barrel stave. and heading saws; also several
strong and active' boys. Apply California
BarreL* Co.. 22d and Illinois sts.. Potrero.
MEN to learn ' barber •¦ trade ; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks :< tools donated;
catalogue , free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay at." ...,¦¦ ' '¦ .. ,
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
, -rooms; 2Sc per, night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — First-class silk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' : ' ¦: ¦''.
WANTED— First-class distributors and mark-
' ers. Oakland JLaundry Co., 600 Twenty-
: ninth st..- Oakland. "
WANTED — Young • man, . experienced black-
T smith, country job.- J. H. DUTCHER,
: Llvermore, Cal."
YOUNG . man to . solicit for • merchant tailor;
wages and. commission. .1125 Market at, bet.
'.. Seventh and Eighth.";
"COATM AKER and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter at
WANTED — First-class "coat and pants make-
ers.. VALENTINE, 347 Bush St.,
¦WANTED — First-class coatmaker. Apply RO-
; SENBLUM &? ABRAHAM. 1103 Market at.
BASTERS on coats; steady employment. BE-
. LASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market st
TWO barber shops at a bargain; one with 11 v-
; . , ing rms. nicely f urn.' _jnquire 2308 : Howard.
? A CLOTHING man and a shoe man. FRANK
; BROS.; cor. , Kearny and Sacramento sts-\ •-.
YOUNG man, \ willing to .work for his erluca-
B-. tlon., Caliiornla Business College.' 305 Larkin. .
YOUNG bor to learn confectionery. 1205 Polk
: • at. ' K , HELKENBERG. ¦ ¦
BARBERS— Best 3-chair Tahop in the city for
sale; good trade. Box 4S47.' Call 'of flee." ~ •;
YOUNG man - to : do' Janitor work for his tul-
tlon. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
PENSION and extra pay. 1 . Write SHERWOOD."
: 624 ¦ Markt. ; - past . com. .Wattrous Post.G. A.ft.
SAILORS and 'ordinary seamen for Europe and
"HERMAN'S.. 26 Steuart st '.
GET . your, ehoes half-soled while waiting ; 23c
¦ to 50c. .563 Mission sty, bet, 1st and 2d ats.
PENSION atty.t 5 E.>A7Bulli9, room 40. Ph-lan
T-- big. Past Com. Geo. H.' Thomas Post..G.A.R..
ALL" sizes '. men's shoes, ' slightly, damaged, half
i ¦ price. ', 663 Mission st.V: bet. 1st and 2d : sts. ;
WANTED—^A boy about 16 for wholesale house."
'Address box 4525. Call office.'. , T V-'',
500 MEN to buy new "and 2d-hand army «ho»s,
¦ 60c up; soling 20c up.- 023 Howard st. nr. 5th.
WINCHESTER House.-; 44 Third st. near Mar.'
" ' ket— 200 rooms.- ' 25c. night: ."reading : rooms:
, free ,'bua , and , baggage t o an d from f erry." " : ;
: 'A' BRANCH "offlce ' for Call 'and
¦'-. subscriptions has been established at 1090
•Valencia st '; San, Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
73; .minimum, 51; mean, 62. ¦ •¦
THE COAST RECORD.
MONTEREY, April 13.— "Uncle Billy"
Armour, an aged resident of Gonzales, in
southern Monterey County, was found
dead in his yard last night by a neighbor.
Armour lived alone, and the circumstances
of his death are unknown. It is believed
death was due to apoplexy. "
Neighbor Finds Aged Man Dead.
LONDON, April 13.— It is impossible to
record any great activity on the Stock
Exchange during, the past week. Neither
the money condition at home nor the
war outlook in South Africa was such
as to encourage speculation or* commit-,
ments. .. '
The Government has been more suc
cessful than usual in keeping the budget
proposals and the new loan programme
secret. If peace comes speedily, to al
low the loan to be predicated on, Trans
vaal revenues, well and good; but if it
becomes nece^ary to create fresh con
sols and if there be an indefinite period
of war ahead, many brokers say they
will put up their snutters and go on a
holiday. ¦' ' ' :
American securities . did not improve
much here in consequence of the ten
point ¦ rise in Louisville and Nashville.
The arbitrage houses fear another cor
ner, . and quotations were allowed to
stand points below New York. The fact
that so much „ nervousness is shown is
because of the fear that Louisville and
Nashville will suddenly collapse, though
there is a hopeful feeling for the future.
Home rails improved slightly as a com
bined result of peace talk, the announce
ment of the formation of the Yerkes
Lfondon Company and good traffic rela
tions. Mines were very quiet, although
they are ready to boom if favorable
news ia received fro: . South Africa.
BERLIN, April 13.— The past week on
the Boerse was quiet and uneventful. The
first half of the week showed declining
values in all departments, but • an im
provement began Frida" with the more
favorable prospects for peace in South
Africa, Irons and allied shares dropped
generally until Thursday as a result of
the bad annual report of a number of
companies, but the American market re
port brought a slight improvement, and
this was increased by the meeting in Ber
lin for the purpose of organizing a gen
eral syndicate of rolling-mill representa
tives/ - •
The threatened coal strike in Belgium
strengthened coal shares. The dividend
otf VI per cent declared by Ludwig Lowe
& Co., as against dividends of 24 per cent
for the last five years, was regarded as
very disappointing, and depressed the ma
chinery section of the market
The ease of money, has grown . more
pronounced, and it is reported that the
Reichbank . intends to buy discounts Id
the provinces at a private rate. The for
eign rates of exchange were strong. Ex
change on Paris reached the gold point,
while .London exchange almost reached
that point.
Uncertainty; of Affairs in
South Africa Causes
Depression.
Foreign Stock Markets
Continue Dull and
Inactive.
SPECULATORS
ARE CAUTIOUS
. ' ¦¦ Last This Last
Stations — • 24" Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .00 46.58 ' 44. 5S
Red Bluff .......... .00 29.71' 22.68
Sacramento 00 16.28 17.50
San Francisco... .00 17.36 18.99
Fresno .... '..'... .00 6.40 » 10.39
Independence ... .00 4. 2.1 5.81.
San Lula Oblspo....' .00 , 21.18 . 27.87
Los ' Angeles 00 10.44 14.18
San Diego .00 5.85 10.66
SAN FRANCISCO, April 13—5 p. m<
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
V The . following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
Snowstorm in Nebraska.
OMAHA," April 13. — A snowstorm start
ed in early to-day in Western Nebraska
and continued the greater part of the
day. At Kimball six inches of snow fell.
The temperature is seasonable, however,
and "in most cases the snow melted as
fast as it fell. . /
SUCCEED IN FLOATING
' '¦¦ THE KINFAITNS CASTLE
British Steamer Which Went Ashore
Off Brightstone Is Now Proceed
: : ing to Southampton.
- LONDON, April- 13.— The British steam
er Kinfauns Castle, Captain Duncan,
which went ashore" off Brightstone. Isle
of Wight, yesterday morning was floated
this morning and has proceeded for
Southampton.
.The' Kinfauns Castle was homeward
bound from the Cape of Good Hope and
had 350 passengers. The vessel's cargo
was lightered yesterday and her passen
gers transferred to Southampton.
:« NEW! YORK, April 13.— The Norwegian
steamer Hero, which was drlven'ashore
at the entrance of the Panama canal in
the harbor of Colon in a norther, arrived
In port to-day " in tow • of- the Merritt &
Chapman- wrecking tug Rescue. The
Hero had her rudder frame carried away,
but is otherwise undamaged. The wreck
ing, company floated the steamer to this
port, where she will be repaired. On the
way up from Colon the Rescue stopped
at Havana for coal. The Hero was an
chored off Stapleton, L. I.
fj WASHINGTON, April j 13.— The -United
States enjoys more of , Canadian custom
than' the 'rest of the world put together.'
Attention is. directed to this fact in that
portion of "Commercial Relation of 1901,"
which deals with United States .trade
with Canada, - an' extract of . which was
given out : for . publication by Mr. Emery,
chief of the Bureau of Foreign Commerce,
to-day.. It:lspointed out that so closely
allied are ¦ trade conditions in' this coun
try < arid : Canada that prosperity or de
pression in the United States immediately
finds echo in j the trade of our northern
neighbor.
•In 1877 Great' Britain lost to us her lead
in the matter of goods sent into the Do
minion, 1 and | from that year forward,
with, but . a ; slight interval, this country
has steadily , lengthened . the gap. It is
not as: widely realized as it should be,
says the report, that . Canada is the best
customer we have,. excepting only Great
Britain and Germany. Consul General
Bittinger at Montreal,* in a report on the
subject, says: / ,
The. United' States does more business with
Canada than with the whole of South Amer
ica, as much as with Central. America. Mexico
and the West ! Indies together and ; nearly as
much as with Africa, Asia and Oceanlca. .
Our present tariff policy toward . Canada
causes the building up of great manufacturing
Interests to compete with our own. j If we seek
trade in. other countries, we must not deny
them the opportunity to sell some of their
products to us. Canada wants to send to the
United •' States ' her lumber, -wood pulp, hay,
barley, and minerals. The , United ; States con
sumes, more lumber' and -paper than any other
nation in the -world and she should be glad to
admit lumber and wood pulp free. If the
United . States would takeoff the duty on Ca
nadian coal (which could be sold profitably
only to a very limited extent along, our east
ern coast) our coal j would be admitted into
Canada free and our sales of coal in the Do
minion would be double what they are at
present. .
.. As a curious instance of how industries
may be throttled by legislation, Bittinger
relates that the British preferential tariff
enabled British exporters last year to
send to the Dominion woolen goods to the
value of $10,000,000. As they were consid
ered of , better quality than and as cheap
as the home product, many Canadian
mills have been obliged to close down.
, Consul Shepard at Hamilton, in his re
port, calls attention to the interesting
fact that the big dry goods houses of
Canadii send their milliners and modistes
to New York several times a year to ob
serve and copy styles, and have practical
ly turned their backs on ih3 Kuropcan
moaes, loimerly so popular. -
United States' Products Dis
place Those of Great .
¦"-••'-. Britain.
Canada Fast Becoming
Uncle Sam's Best
Customer.
GROWING TRADE
WITH DOMINION
Temperature— 7 a. m., 1 'B2,
NEW WESTERN; HOTEL.
A E- Bartlett. Boston- F ' Potter. Los Ang
Mrn'AF Rutherford, E R Hoy t, San Rafael
; Los Angeles »•*".• ,->,v W P Nixon," Lower Lk
C G Boeck, Michigan ,. W E Lew!«,: Kan" City
C H Boeck; Michigan .. F O Janney, Chicago
CJ White, Ft Baker H J- Jones, Chicago'
G ,W ¦ Bowser, Chicago T Mason;, Vancouver .
P C Wilson;*' Cal •¦¦-.. M ¦¦ Brown '& 'w, Seattle
CiI';Leavengard.^Mo ; ; W-Faggel & w.ptland
H Porter, .Kansas City C: Brown & w, tPtland
W'M Wiley,'' Seattle ¦ I ¦ : . X. ¦..';¦¦.
HOTEL /AUEI VAI^S ;
FORECAST.
WEATHER 'CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
' ' Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
northern portion I of the Pacific slope and fair
over ¦ the." southern. \ Light rain, has fallen in
"Western .Washington , and f extreme , Northwest
ern Oregon.- .-•••• - • ..• .. ¦ ¦ -¦•¦.¦
•¦-The pressure has fallen over the Pacific slope
and risen over the Rocky Mountain- region. ¦ An
area | of : high , pressure is central ; in Washing
ton, while the lowest pressure is reported from
Arizona. <-.,.- ..' .,•"';; _• •
i .The .temperature, has fallen; over 'Northern
TJtah-and risen slightly, over California and
Southern Oregon. .• . .-. ' '-;¦ >, • :-...; •-. .
Conditions jare favorable '• for. continued . fair,
warm ".weather Monday. ; ¦• ;¦ .¦¦.._ ¦ ¦'-:¦¦
•- Forecast '; made 'at San , Francisco for ' thirty
hours ending- midnight, April 13. 1902:
• Northern. California— Fair Monday; contin
¦ued-warm;''llght:northwest;wtnd. . ¦. •
- Southern California— Fair Monday -.continued
warm; ' light : west -wind. .-¦ , ¦ ¦¦ . .- .. ¦¦¦ ¦•¦- ¦, ¦¦ . .
Nevada — Fair. Monday; light northwest wind.
1 1 San t Francisco and vicinity^ — Fair Monday;
continued pleasant ; weather: fresh 'northwest
Wind.'-.. ":•*.-, • G. H.;WILLSON, -
f . ''..¦;¦ . Local Forecast^ Official.
'.; SAN,/: DIEGO, -April , '. 13.— Josiah Eller
Shaffer,- deputy, .'county," recorder! of '.San
Diego ? County^ died > to-day :. of r pneumonia
after ; a'- short Illness. He ..was 'a native of
Walnut Creek,- In 4 Contra Costa County/
Josiali Eller Shaffer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AJPKJLL 14, 1902.
11
STATIONS.
¦ W
p
o
a
3 3 3 3 ',
•o c "o c
I I
¦ c c
¦> . "I
i o re
: o
ZD
5 °
a""*.
a
1
1}
5"
a
Astoria ......30.22 48 40,8 Cloudy .24
Baker ....30.20 48 24 'NW Cloudy .00
Carson :.¦ .30.00 62 34* W Clear .00
Eureka ......30.18 56 .46. NW Clear .00
Fresno ...20.04 .78 50 ' NW Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff ....29.78 62 24 KW; Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida.30.08 ¦ 44 28 : K Pt.Cldy .00
Independence 29.88 72-44 N Clear .00
Los Aneelea...29.8C 80 4S- W Clear .00
Phoenix 20.68 88 64 SW Clear .00
Portland .....30.24. 48 . 36 .SE Cloudy -- .10
Red Bluff.... .30. 00 68 . 56 N Clear , .00
Roseburg .V. .30.18 84 ¦; 36 NW .Cloudy '.00
Sacramento "..29. 94 74 52 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake... '.30. 08 46 38 ' SE Cloudy .00
San Franclsco.30.00 72 52 W Clear .00
S. L...Oblspo..29.92 82 48 W Clear .0(1
San Diego: K .29.80 6(1 CO W Clear .00
Seattle ........30.20 62-34 SW Pt.Cldy .CO
Spokane 30:22 50—30 W Cloudy .00
Neah Bay 30.16 44 36 E .Cloudy .10
Walla: Walla.. 30. 22 62 32 .N Cloudy .00
-Wlnnemucca .30.04 : 60: 28 . NW Cloudy ,.00
Yuma. ........29.72-- 92 52 . NW Clear '.00
STATIONS.
¦ W
p
o
a
3 3 3 3 ',
•o c "o c
I I
¦ c c
¦> . "I
i o re
: o
ZD
5 °
a""*.
a
1
1}
5"
a
Astoria ......30.22 48 40,8 Cloudy .24
Baker ....30.20 48 24 'NW Cloudy .00
Carson :.¦ .30.00 62 34* W Clear .00
Eureka ......30.18 56 .46. NW Clear .00
Fresno ...20.04 .78 50 ' NW Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff ....29.78 62 24 KW; Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida.30.08 ¦ 44 28 : K Pt.Cldy .00
Independence 29.88 72-44 N Clear .00
Los Aneelea...29.8C 80 4S- W Clear .00
Phoenix 20.68 88 64 SW Clear .00
Portland .....30.24. 48 . 36 .SE Cloudy -- .10
Red Bluff.... .30. 00 68 . 56 N Clear , .00
Roseburg .V. .30.18 84 ¦; 36 NW .Cloudy '.00
Sacramento "..29. 94 74 52 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake... '.30. 08 46 38 ' SE Cloudy .00
San Franclsco.30.00 72 52 W Clear .00
S. L...Oblspo..29.92 82 48 W Clear .0(1
San Diego: K .29.80 6(1 CO W Clear .00
Seattle ........30.20 62-34 SW Pt.Cldy .CO
Spokane 30:22 50—30 W Cloudy .00
Neah Bay 30.16 44 36 E .Cloudy .10
Walla: Walla.. 30. 22 62 32 .N Cloudy .00
-Wlnnemucca .30.04 : 60: 28 . NW Cloudy ,.00
Yuma. ........29.72-- 92 52 . NW Clear '.00
PERSONALS-— Continued.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LTONS', London
tailor. 721 Market nt.
M0 . NEY loane d at low Interest; gold, silver.
: am r OndSl Pearls and precious 6tones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
A — JP your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Pr.G.S.Moore.332Q'Farren; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MRS. DR. NICE Informs her patrons that she
Is now located at 139 Taylor st. :
D^- THIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy st.. corner Mason.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electrlo St electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm,etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll'O Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1: at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly: 10c and 25c AH druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTELX & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists. .
PHYSICIANS . AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR. J. W. SEELET, 207 Powell St.— Specialist
for Insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 1£ Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
JOSEPH STRAUB. -™~-~.
850 Market st.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
CHEAP, new cottage 5 rooms; all modern im-
provements; large lot; high finished baso-
' ment; on S. F. and San Mateo car line. See
owner on premises, Chenery and Fairmount
tts.; small amount cash, balance like rent.
$23.000— FINEST business corner in Hayes Val-
ley; 55x120; pays 7% per cent net and room
for more Improvements. Box 1555, Call office.
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Langton
sts. ; 75x75. with improvements : make an
offer. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
square.
$10,000 EACH; appreciated If seen; 2 new 12-
rocm residences on Washington ' st." near
Laurel (Presidio Heights); open for inspec-
tlon from 11 to 3 daily. ¦
$5650 — SACRIFICE; nice flats; well rented;
Mission warm belt. Owner, box 4917. Call. '
$5.100 — MUST be sold; $3000 cash only; rents
j $60. Apply 2623 Sutter St., near Lyon.
REAL ESTATE-— COUXTRY— -For Sale
A CHEAP stock ranch and general .farm. 361 :
acres, at $10 per acre; 7 miles from large
town. Alameda Co.; on county road; 100
acres farming; no waste land; fenced; house,
barn, etc.; abundance of spring water; school
2 miles; this Is a bargain for some one. H.
H. CRANE. 508 California st.
57 ACRE&. 26 miles from this city, close to
R. R. town; also shipping point by water; a
desirable residence location, with never fail-
ure of crops; price $4500; might exchange.
H. H. CRANE, 508 California st.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California Bt., for
pamphlets and information.
FOR Rent — 12 acres of very rich land; suitable
for melons and garden truck; family orchard;
- fine prune orchard; large buildings for hog
and chicken raising; abundance of good
water; splendid opportunity for right man.
Call or address at 3226 King st., Berkeley.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 927 Mkt. r. 208.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market, S. F.. & San J.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept.; American Guaranty and Trust
, Co., Hayward building.
41 ACRES orchard in Santa Clara Co. for sale;
easy terms. Box 4S43, Call office.
CHOICE country lands for eale. Land Dept.,
AmericanGuaranty&Trust Co., Hayward bldg.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; rent $00 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmp.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDAJRJ3AL ESTTATE^ I
THERE are still a few lots left on Santa Clara
ave., near Sherman Et. ; will build on terms to
suit.
J2€T»0 — New cottage; 6 rooms: Webber st. ;
lot 50x120. J. H. YOUNG. Builder,
. . ¦ . - ;. 1243 Park at.
ELEGANT cottage-, fine large garden; must be
sold account departure. See owner 1518 Ben-
t toa. Alameda, or 503 California, Y. 218. S. F.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED — In Alameda, furnished small cot-
tage or housekeeping rooms for 3 months;
state price: narrow gauge preferred. Box
4S48. Call office. ¦' .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath: high base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALB REAL ESTATE.
OWNER wants bid for fine lot; no. agents;
mu?t cell. GONEIN, box 4913. Call, of flee.
Mill, Valley Advertisements.
VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
S. H. ROBERTS, real estate and Insurance.
Mill Valley, Cal. — Houses to rent, furnished
and unfurnished, by the season or year; lm-
proved and unimproved property for sale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BKOADWAY.
aAIvL J^NjD^^njVITURB^O^ SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 330 — Two small^ sunnT fumlshed~house^
keeping rooms in rear; rent $10.." j
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
¦ 2, $15; 3. $20; single, $4, $5 to $7.
HOWARD, 935% — Two sunny rooms for houge-
keepg., complete; hot, cold water; reasonable.
HOWARD. 10C3— 2 sunny connecting com-
pletely furnished housekeeping rooms :. run-'
nins water; others. . ¦
HOWARD. 107G— 3 rooms In ths rear, $6.
JUNIPER, 2, oft Folsom, bet. 10th and 11th—
2 sunny housekeeping unfurnished rooms;
bath; rent 87. . .
O'FARRELL.'- 431— Suite sunny rooms; fur-
nlshcd for housekeeping. . • .;
MCALLISTER, 530— Nicely furnished sunny
. suite; elnk; gag range; bath; laundry ; $ 10.
MCALLISTER, 835— Three furnished and un- :
furnished rooms, $12.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary — Sunny parlor:
folding bed; kitchen; gas stove; single, $8 up.
PINE. 1300, cor. Hyde— Large furnished corner
room with grate; light housekeeping; rent $10.
RAUSCH, 85— Housekeeping, rooma to let
SEVENTH, 191 — Large sunny rooms, furnished
complete for hou.sekeeping. . ¦ • '. .
TWENTY-THIRD, 3725," near ; Dolores— Two
• . sunny ' bay-window rooms; nice, neat;, com-'
¦ pleto* * ' * .^' *V WJ. L)L l \tA jtflmMUM^ffl£A^y»rf
MONEV TO LOAJf.
1" inntimi MURPHY. 601-602 ExamTner^lg
j^—u^s.^ f4 .600.000 at Lowest Rates
On" First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates.
Property Being Held In Trust
i'ndivided Interests In Real Estate
i '-fe* Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
,; i^._ r>c l i j problems of all sorts and sizes.
l "" s " IF YOU SEED MONEY .
See HEP.UAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
¦TTHjIANHATTAN LOAN CO <Inc).
fSOC COO at 5^ and C per cent in sums to suit;
O ; tv Oakland, Town and Country Property;
trconi mort£a«es, life Insurance and securi-
ties • loass on unsettled estates, undivid*d- ln-
ip-*Et« '-^ real estate and legacies; will pur-
cl'a«e "above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
co., 7th floor. crocker building.
7xy"ai:oi:nt at 6 peh cent. ~^~~
V'rst. second and third mortgages...........
TrdivSded Interest in real estate In probate"
M.-.rtpagcs and legacies bought; no delay
t'vt icy terms beiore doing business elsewhere
.'..! 24 Montgomery st.. room3l""****
~ASY proposition, acy amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
!-ate. interest in estates, legacies, undivided
:r.terests. securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16.
isi floor. Chromcle big. GEORGE E. OLSEn|
MI"NICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary et.; phone Red 1603.
TilGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry at
l.-west rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. * S46
Market St.: tel. Main 16«. Branch 19 Third!
ON real estata, 1st or 2nd mortgagee &nd on fur-
r.itv:re or pianos; no removaj; any amount-
/^ lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary at., room 36!
AXT aniOKnt on furniture, pianos; no removal-
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBT
26 Montgomery et.. room 7, opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furnl-
rjI ] e ' £J* 1 i2f : no «moval; low rates; confiden-
tlai. VHTTEHEAD CWrilson'B). 1710 Market.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGEXCT— Loans to salaried
THE TOUSLEY CO... .^flVph^ ggfe
Or. furniture, piaaos; no removal; money quick-
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage- re-
liable p<trty. U70 Market St.. room 6S7
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
110 up en furniture, pianos: no com.; private
party. 6t. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72, 4th fir.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
eult: Interest low; also easy payment loans.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture; no removal. Garthels, 208 Post.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
tlOOO; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. L
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILU r. «4, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndoraer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
£% ON furniture and pianos; ?15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you 'want a home I will loan you money to
buy It- A. E. BUDELL, 222 Sansome St.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser; Eastern
| plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
MOXEY WASTED.
RELIABLE firm wants to borrow $3©00-to en-
large its business; a safe, legitimate propo-
sition; -willing to pay a. good Interest. Ad-
dress box 1431. Call office. •
LOAN of $3500 wanted on personal property
worth $6000; good Interest. Box 4618. Call
office.
MUSICAL IXSTRCMESTS.
BARGAIN sales may "come and go," but we
"go on forever" selling good pianos at a rea-
sonable price and giving customers full value
lor what they pay for. We sell the cele-
brated Decker, 'Wissaer, Baumeister and
Stodard pianos and warrant every one to be
just what we represent. Low prices for pay-
ments and a good discount for all cash. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered in the way of prices
E.Dd terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
afsortmer.t of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN, CLAT & CO., Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.; Broad -
v.ay and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
AS our, _»ew__ building and hall,ls_not Quite
completed we are making a cut on all our
r>ianos. Seine special bargains — 1 Knabe, $95;
1 Heine. $185; 2 Stein ways. $165; 3 Chicker-
fcps, J140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares.
(15 up. Email amount down and low pay-
ments according to Quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Cteary st.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Fecond-hand upright pianos from $55. up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SOX. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Mason
and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a. new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOKLER & CHASE 30
O'.Farrell St.; established 1S50. "
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of alL For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
St., San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
'' piano players.
\ 6MALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new $275
Bowers & Son. 23 5th st., Ivers & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos In city for $3 p«r month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
WILBON'S Storage, 1710 Market «t.
AN upright Fischer piano, good as new cost
$450. for $225. SICKELS, 6 Geary st. '
ELEGANT concert grand upright piano; sacri-
ficed account death In family. 1000 Van Ness.
.ALMOST new large size Eteinway upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary st.
BTRON MAUZT, 308-310-312 Post *t.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ_& CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place]
OFFICES AJTD STORES TO LET.
EMMA EPRECKELS building S2TMarkeTst!^l
Light, cheerful offices, $15@25 per month;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone.
LOFT for rent. 40x65 feet, for light manufac-
¦ turing purposes; with water: $16 month.
WM. LOANE. plumber. 439 Fifth Bt.
PACIFIC. 228, near Sanscme — Handsome, large
store; cheap. >
LARGE store with basement. Jutt below Kear-
ny. to lease; also office rms 638 Clay, rm. 1.
OIL.
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. In good order; oil sizes;
cheap. IS. S. "WHITE. 130-132 Beale et.
PAIXTERS AAD DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
XRS. E. PEAIiCE. scientific business palmist,
parlors 9 and 1C, The Vendome. 1104 Market
et. ; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; horoscope* cast
by mall. Si; palmistry afucni.
ilJIE. G. L. NEEP.GAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
1'ost Et.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
11. SKnOVOS FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor rt.. Geary and Post :tel. Black S61.
rAJlXXKUS WANTED.
;i0O— PAKTNI-.U v. anted ; I? ara hlra the busi-
ness; it's a snap. kZO Folsom et.y
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of reranaats lor suits to order,
$15; with thtse tuita we make an extra, pair
of pants fi«e of charsc; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LKMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh arur Eighth.
A— HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
!iose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
pay. The Bchcmian Specialist. 131 Post «t.
ULECTRIC lljclit In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms-
2Se to $1 Z0 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week
free 'bus and bacgage to and from the ferry.
MAT Designer and Standard Patterns Just out*-
newest ehirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and i>eplums. Call to see at Domestic
office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A — WTJAT do you - think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each-
eame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns!
HAIR dyeing and bleaching; all kinds of hair
work done artistically; hair dressing 25c-
ehampoolng 00c G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton^
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
. Ing 50c: hair dried by electric drier & dressed
In 30 mln. Miss A. V.Doyle. 1702 Mkt. op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Mies C.Dudley.1702 Market.
TTtMimi mww ¦iiiiimi i mi
¦C a native of New Tork," aged 21 .yearsri:
: months and 5 days. .: • ¦ - . . . ¦ . . .
IC? Friends are invited : to attend : the lu-
¦ neral ¦¦- to-day (Monday), ¦: at 8:30 .o'clock
. from ¦ 1267 ¦ Pacific street, thence 1 to St
Brigid's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross , Ceme-
; tery. ; by carriases. ; >" .. . : ;'?•;-¦<
EASTMAN— In Santa" Barbara, Cal, April 12^
.1902, Lottie Eastman, beloved sister of. Mrs.
Woodworth, Mrs. Nlckerson, Clara and He*,
ty Eastman and the late < Mrs. Margaret -Brit--
tain./ Mrs. Kate Brown and Ruby Eastman
-. a native of Santa : Cruz, aged 22 years 8
months and 19 days. ' ... .. ' : . '.'•:'-,;
C^Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) April 15, at 9:30 o'clock, fron-.
the parlors of H. F. : Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh, and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for I services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
. tery by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
, and 'Guerrero streets. : -
ECCLES— In this city, April 12. 1902, Alice,
. beloved ' wife of John >. Eccles,' mother cf
Thomas Eccles, and sister of Mrs^ J. W1UJ-
. ber, a native of Ireland, aged 50 . years;
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ' the - funeral ¦ to-day
¦ (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
¦ dence, 538 Howard street, between First and'
Second, thence to • St.- Patrick's Church, '
where a requiem hisrh • mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9. o'clock. ., Interment Holy Cross
' Cemetery. - •¦ ¦ \. .. _ : •
EDWARDS — In this city, April 13, 1902. Wil-
liam Thomas; beloved husband of Augusta
M. Edwards, and father; of William Henry
: and Ellen Augusta -Edwards, and brother-
in-law of Mrs. A: Nelson, Mrs.' Frank
Sherwood, Mrs. Hilda ¦ Them and Charles
Them, a native of England, aged 67 years 9
months and 13 days. 'A member of'Keystono
. Lodge No. 2107, Knights of Honor,- and
Ivanhoe Lodge No. 5, Knights of Pythias. ,
: - C^Notice of funeral, hereafter.' .' ; . .'
ERICKSON— In this city, April 11, 1902, Rev.
Henry Erickson, a native of Sweden. • ¦¦ ,
KT Friends and acquaintances are respect- -
i fully, invited- to attend ; the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Howard-
E street- Methodist Episcopal Church, near
' Third street. ) Interment '¦ Cypress Lawn
• Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from -Third
and . Townsend streets.* : ...
HENDY— In Alameda, Aoril 13. 1902, Sarah,
widow of the late Captain William E.
Hendy, and mother of Mrs. Thomas R. ¦ lie-
Gurn, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 93
. years and 5 months. ¦ : ; ¦• .
C^Funeral services at. the family resi-
dence, 2000 Central avenue (Chestnut-street
station), Tuesday, April 15, at 1 o'clock. In-
: terment • private. : Kindly omit flowers.- - -
HOLDEN— In this city, .April 12, 1902, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of - the late Martin
Holden, and beloved mother of Maggie E.
Holden, Mrs. E. M. Egan and the late
- Charles S. and John M. Holden. : a native
of Ireland, aged 75 years. ';' -:.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
\ (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
, residence, 824 Green street. . thence to St.-
Francis Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
. commencing at 9 o'clock... . . ¦ ; >,.'¦
HOOE— In Oakland. April 13, 1902. Isabelle,
I wife of D. P. Hooe, and sister of Charles E.
Hatch of Elk. Cal., and W. E. Hatch of
Gulula, Cal., a native of California,- aged
¦ 35 years. ' ' ¦•-.¦¦
HOWARD— In San Mateo, April 13, 1902, In-
fant daughter of Frederick Paxson Howard,'
a native of California, aged 3 months. ¦
: -\ in?" Interment private. Please omit flow-
I ers. ¦ • • ' . ' . . ' '. :¦•
LYNCH— In Oakland, April 12. 1902, Bridget
Lynch,- widow of the late Peter J. Lynch,
. and mother Of Frank" Lynch and Bessie
Lynch, a native of County Clare, Ireland,
aged 64 years..
1 (E?"Kriends and acquaintances . are ¦ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ¦ Monday,
April 14. 1902, at 9:30 o'clock, from the
' late residence,- 721 Filbert.- street, thence ta
the Church »of the Immaculate Conception,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. - Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. - . ,. : .
McMAHON— In this city, April 10, 1902; Au-
gustus J.', beloved husband of Helena M. Mc-
Mahon, father of . Augustus M. McMahon,
and brother of Charles McMahon and Sister
Mary St. Theresa, a native of Brooklyn,
N. Y., aged 54 years. , » ;
E7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
-(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, frbm the parlor.:
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Na-
tlonal Cemetery. Presidio. A member of St.
Mary's 1 .. Branch No.. 437, Catholic Knights if
America. Members rre invited to attend. .
MENDELSOHN— In Butte City, Mont., -April
11. 1902, Julia, beloved wife of Julius Men-
delsohn of Butte, Mont., daughter of Mr.
' and Mrs. A. Lachman, sister of I Mrs. L.
Ancker and Harry and Lillie Greeribaum of !
San Francisco, a native . of Silver Reef.
"Utah, aged 21 years 9 months and 8 days. '
NORTON — In this city. April 13, 1902. William
H., beloved husband of the late-:: Mary E.
Norton, and father j of Katherlne T. and
Josephine C. Norton, Mrs. J. F. Naughton,
Mrs. M. J. McBride and Mrs. A. C. Rouard.
and brother.' of ¦Johp. Norton. -a native of,
Athlone;' Ireland, ¦" aged 75 years 4 months
and 1 day. - ¦¦ •' • ¦-•
[C?"FrIends are reppectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Wednesday. April 16, - at 9
o'clock, from his late residence. 2125 O'Far-
rell street, thence to Holy Cross Church,
where a solemn requiem hich mass will be
. celebrated for the repose of his soul at 0 :30
. o'clock. Interment Ho'iy. Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In Port Cobta, Ar>rll. 12, 1002.
•4 Batt -O'Connor, beloved husband of I Mary
O'Connor, father of Maurice J., Mary
B., Charles S.. Nora M. and AiTnie J. O'Con-
r.cr, and brother-of Charles O'Connor, a na-
tlycof County Kerry. Ireland, aged 43 years, i
E^Frlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral - Monday,
April 14, at 7:45 o'clock, from his- late; resi-,
dence; Post Costa, thence I to St. Vincent's
Church, Vallejo, where a requiem mass- will
be celebrated. Interment St. Vincent's
Cemetery, Vallejo. i ¦
PAINTER— In this city, April 13, 1902. Oscar
Painter. . beloved son of Mrs. Caroline A.
Painter i and the la.te J. ¦ B. Painter, and
brother of Walter, Edgar, Arthur, -Dr.
Jerome and Dr. Eugene Painter, a native
of San Francisco, aged. 33 years. . .
PLANTZ— In Oakland. April 12, 1902, Pheba
A.-, beloved wife of William A. Plantz. and
mother of F. C. and C. A. Plantz, a native
of 'New ; York, aged 60 years 2 months and
10 days! . .
RYAN— In'thla city, April 12, " 1902.' Michael,
beloved son ¦ of Catherine and" the late Ed-
ward Ryan,' and brother' of William, " Cor-
nelius. Eddie and James Ryan, a native of
. San Franci3co, aged 28 years and 7 days.
IE?" Remains at the parlors of J. CJ O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter. . ...
SCHULZ — in this city, April 12. 1902, Julius,
dearly beloved husband of Anna Schulz, and
beloved father of Edward and Carl Schulz.
a native of Germany, aged 70 years 8 months
and 26 days. A member of Germania Lodge
No. 1718, K.,of H.. and Washington Lodge
No. 60. A. O. U.W. - •
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
April 15, at -1 o'clock/from his late resi-
dence 736 Union . street, corner of Mason.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
SWIFT — In Oakland, April 13, ' 1902. Samuel,:
• beloved husband of Emma N. Swift, and
father of Mary H. ' Swift, a' native. of. Mas-
sachusetts, aged 73 years 10 months and 21
days. '- ¦-'-•¦ "• - ".-¦..
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services
Tuesday, April 15. 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, at
the hall of Brooklyn Lodge. F. and A. M..
corner of Eleventh avenue and East Twelfth
. street, East Oakland. Funeral •. under . the
auspices of Brooklyn Ledge No. 225, F. and-
. A. M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
VETTER — In this city, , April 13, 1902, Louise
Caroline Vetter, only and dearly beloved
daughter' of Fred J. Vetter. a native of
Alameda, aged 11 years 11 months and 25'
,' days. ' -. ¦- . '". •¦ • . ... ..•¦'
V IDTNotice of funeral hereafter, • .-•
WALLIN— In this city, April 12, 1902, Char-
lotte C. Wallin, dearly beloved wife of John
L. Wallin. and beloved mother of Mrs. Hilda
• Bensen, Mrs. . Dasmar. McLean and John,
Ernest and Myrtle Wallin and the late. John
P. Eklund. . : :
¦ (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1583 Market street. Interment. Cy-
press Lawn . Cemetery. v ' . .
HENRY J.CALLACHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth 6t. , opposite Li ncdln ; School.
.Telephone: South 80/ ,
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
•¦'. NBARESf THE CITT. >.' , •
Office, 916; Market' Street.
', ,,'.-: Telephone Bush .367. ¦ ; ;
jambs McGinn, ; I
Formerly , with McGinn Bros.,, has opened
; new Funeral Parlors at. 214. Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor : and Jones. Telephone South 576. . ;
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.-
¦ v Samuel . McFadden, 18 years manager for
¦the United Undertakers') Association; M.'J.'
McBrearty.'. with; the same company for 18
years;: P. F. Green, slate with J^C. O'Con-
nor & I Co.. have opened new -Funeral Par-
lors 'at .1171 ¦; Mission St., between Seventh
j and; Eighth.; * Telephone. South ; 44. v^ ; r • ¦
REMOVED!
McGinn bros.v V .
I FUNERAL : DIRECTORS « and -. EMBALM-
ERS.' to 224 and 220 McAllister st. (For-
- merly of 31jjjMdg_st^_Tel^gouth 252.) ¦
AUCTION SALES
SUPERIOR FURNITURE AT AUCTION
THIS DAY,
MONDAY April 14, 1902
'At; 11 O'clock A. M.,
At Private Residence,
726 POWELL STREET, between
Pine and California.
I have instructed my agent to sell at public
auction, owing to my departure East, all th«
superior furniture, rich parlor upholstery, up-
right piano, costly works of art and Kuropeaa
covelties and everything appertaining to nina
(9) handsomely furnished rooms. Terms cajt..
AUCTION!
' *b» fe £s» £»
Fourth Consignment of D. MILLER H0RSE3
Will Be Sold
MONDAY. April 14. at 10 a. m..
1619 MARKET ST.
Horses suitable for all classes of work. Broken.
gentle, sound.
Also 25 Head of CITY-BROKE HORSES and
25 BUGGIES, besides 25 SETS OF
HARNESS, CARTS, etc.
On account of, MR. LAYNG remodeling his
place the sale will not take place there, but at
161S) Market st., at 10 a. m. Auctioneer, "W.
H. HOARD. ¦
At auction next TUESDAY, April 15. at 1140
Folsom st., at 11 a. m., I will sell 8 peddling
wag*ons, 3 express, 4 camp wagons, 2 surries, 5
buggies and a lot of horses and harness.
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAX FRANCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
Ihatk — Fkom March 30. 1TO2. — amhtJT
7.00a Benicla, Sulsun, Elmira and Sacra-
laento 6.55f
7.00a Vacaville, Winters, Rumsey 7-55p
/•30a Martinez, Sun Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa, Caltstoga. Santa Rosa 6-2Sr
800a. Davis, Woodland, Knlgnta Landing,
MarysviUe, Oroville ¦ 7.55*
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Niles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25*
. 8.00a Klles, Mendots. Hanford, Vlsalla,
Porterrille 455*
8-30a Shasta Express — Pavls, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
RedBlnff, Portland 7.55»
8.30a San Jose, Llvermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Plscerville,
Marysville, Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25»
8.30a Oatcdale.Chlnese.Sonora.Tuolumne 4.25*
8.00* Valle]o_ 12-25*
• 8. CCU Loa Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop,Stockton,Merced.
Fresno and Los Angeles 8.25a
930a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Station* 7.55*
HO.OOa Hayward, NlJes and Way Statlons.t12.56*
10.00a Toe Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 5.25*
ti-OOP Sacramento River Steamer* tii-CC?
3-00* Benicla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marysvllle, Orovllle 10.55a
3.30* Hay ward, Mies and Way Statloaa.. 7.55*
400f Martinez, San Ramon. ValleJo,Napa,
a ««w« Calistoga. Santa Rosa 9.25a
4-00* Kiles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
4.30* Hayward.Nlles.SanJose.Llvermoro t8.55A
4.30* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Sangns for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
6.00* PortCosta,Tracy,Lathron,Stockton 10.25a
6-00* Martinez, Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12-25*
t5.30* JJIles Local 7.25a
6.00p Hayirard,Nlles and San Jose 7.55a
tS.OOp Vallejo 11.25a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver.
OmaSa, St. Loots, Chicago 4-25*
74)0* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations i 11.25a
J7.00* Vallejo 7.65*
8-05* Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8.55a
J9.10> Haywar<l and >iile» ill .55 a
COAST LINE (Harrow fiange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Kewark, Centerville. Ban Jose, *
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations B.5C*
t2.15* Kewark. Centervllle. San Jose,
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.60a
4-1 5* Kewark. San Jose, Los Gatos +8.50.*
o9.30p Hunters' Train — San Jose and Way
¦ . Stations- 17-20*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRAK CISCO, Fo<jt of Market St. (Slip 8)
— tf:15 9:00 11:00 AJI. 1.00 3-00 6.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway —+6:00 $3:09
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 2 00 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Gauge).
(Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose ind Way Stations 6.40a
700a San Jose and Way Stations +8 00a
7.00a New Almaden /4-10*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy, Salinas, San Lnis Oblspo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 1043*
. 900a San Jose, Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Let* - .
• Oblspo and Principal Interrcedl- ¦ ' »
ate Stations. 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.36a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a
t245* San Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
. __^ Grove s..~t10.45A
3-30* San Jose and Way Stations 1.30*
t4.1S* San Jose aud PrinclpalWaTStatlona 5.30*
4.5QP Sunset Limited— Monday. April 7th.
14th, 21st, for Los Angeles, Kl
Paso.Xe w Orleans and New Yor'i.
Last train leaves New Orleans
April 14th 10.15*
tS.Od* San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal !
Way Stations t9.00A
E-30* San Joc»»nd PrlnclpalWay Stations 6.30*
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
7.00* New Orleans Express — San LnU
Oblspo, Banta Barbara, Lot An-'.- ¦ .. ••
* geles, Demtn*. El Paso, New
Orleans and East .' 11.30a
•1145* San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. X Sunday only.
a Saturday only. - /Tuesdays and Friday*. |
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
:.'¦; LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAW
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of MarKet St.
San Francisco- to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. ra.
BUNDATS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:MU
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.»
12:45. 3:40, 6:15 p. ra. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55' and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDATS-^8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. ra.
Leave I Ia Effect I Arrive '
San Francisco. |Apr. 23, 1901| San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I I Sun- I Week '
Days, f days. | Destination ( days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato 10:40am| 8:40am"
8:30pm 0:30am Fetaluma. 6:05pm|10:2Sa!a
6:10pm S :00pm Santa Rosa. 1 :35pm | 6:2Opns
I Fulton.
'7:30am Windsor. 18:23aai
0 :00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am
8:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
"7:30am ~ ~~ 10:40am 10:23aa»
8:00am Guernevtlle. 7:33pm
8:30pm D :00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:10aa»
and - '
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20?m
7:30am! 8:00am) |10:40amll0:25an»
8:30pm[ 6: 00pm | Scbastopol. [ 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultos
for Altrnrla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skasss Springs; at Clove Hals
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, .Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Laks. Witt*r
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. ¦ Potter' Vall«y.
John Day's. Riverside. Uerley*9 Bucknell's*
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Oit*s Hot Springs,
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usai^
Wtlllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins. Bell's Sprlaga,
Harris Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rates.
¦ On Sundays round-trip tickets to all poiata
Deyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, €50 Market street.' Chronicle
¦ building.
H C WHITE* Q, R. X. RYA1T.
Gen Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft. '
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
¦ Leave , Via Saasalito Ferry -"ifrnve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
tM A , St YJ^SSl-Si'S '•" ™*
Fire, S»a TrvxcUca io Summit «i*i R«tun, 11.90.
." ; Bok.t OSes, «U M.\»;ffT SISXR aad &&SSAUI0 naSZ. ¦
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I rB (\
Pennsylvania
Lines....
ON TICKETS TO NEW YORK
AND PHILADELPHIA
10 Days' Stop=Over
at Washington
May Be Enjoyed at no. Increase in Fare.
In Addition to Above 10 Days'
Stop-Over at Philai&phia Is Also Allowed.
E. M. POMEROY. Acting Agent.
: 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
, ; Dally Daily Dally Dally
Lv. Ban Fran. 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
. " Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a .......
•• Vlsalla... 3:30 p 6:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a .......
"Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
"Chicago.. ....... 2:15p O:OOp
a for. morning-, p for afternoon. .
9:00 a. ra. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cats through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. ' No second-
class tickets are honored on thfs train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. daily
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
"8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Fre« Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: aUo
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. . >
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦ ¦ . - -..-..
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry
" Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. : , - AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 6:15, •6:16, «:45 p. m.
¦ EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
a"t 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00, 9:00. *10:0O. »ll:30 a. m.
•1:15 8:15, »4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. m." *
Trains market (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— •5!23. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35 10- 15
a m . «12:25. 2:15, »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
-SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00.. «10:00, «ll:45.a. m.
•1-40 *3:15, 4:45, »6:30 p.m.' •
' Trains marked (•> start from San Quentln '
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
' WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:45. 7:55, 8:55 10-30
a m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 6:10 p.m. ' 10 " 30
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. . ,
SUNDAYS-* :05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15.
3-30, 6:00, 6:45 p. m. : *V
I" ; THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Caiadero and wav
stations. ¦ ;---v,r*'
% 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and wav
stations. - ,- » -
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
.stations. -. : ¦¦ ,• • - . ~ * . ...
Fairfax, Sundays-^S :00, 0 :00, 10 :00, 11 :30
a." m. ¦ '¦¦.'. ¦•'.-¦
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday . t lme -!'!rf3iSISBiB&K)&f&SJflKttmlGSUXSltl
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARSV ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, f.ost Manhood. Debility or
<lisfas- wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<*nr*a trunritn I <•*•«!. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. Ci I UBON. Han Francisco, Cal.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnrn,
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New," elegant^
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week ¦¦ or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room, in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, • 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles;' day,
week or month; bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also. unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ; .
DIAMOND, 819, cor. Jersey — 3 sunny bay-win-
dow furnished rooms; rent $12. *) , -¦!,.- /
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
tl 50 night; $1 50, $6 week; "open all night.
ELLIS, 685. corner Larkln — Bay-window al-
cove with mantel; 2 or 3 men preferred.
FILLMORE, 1720, near Sutter — Large sunny
bay-window ' room, newly furnished : running
water; bath; also back parlor; private family.
FULTON, 881 — Elegant front suite rooms with
bath; modern improvements.. •
FURNISHED room with bath, suitable for man
and wife or two gentlemen. Apply at 605 3d.
GEARY. 428 (The Gage)— An elegant suit /of
sunny .rooms; also single; the above house
has changed hands and been renovated.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GENTLEMAN wants a |i gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms in a first-
class family hotel. Address L. H. C, 26
Montgomery St., room 14.
HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week ud. , ¦ ! •
MINNA, CC7, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-,
window room, $1 per week; transient. I
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up. .
OAK, 125 — Nicely furnished room; gas, bath;
$7. : -.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House,. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light/
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 B0; week, $2
to $8 month, $8 to $30, . elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished; also 3 -unfurnished. ¦
SUTTER. 717— Nicely furnished room with
bath; $8 per month. ¦ '
VAN NESS. 1000— --Sunny corner room on lower
floor. $12: parlor suite. ' ' ¦" ' ,
Vendome, 1104 Market — Changed hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office -for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. • .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny .front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South S29.
RESPECTABLE gentleman can have room and
2 meals a day for $10 per month; no other
roomers or boarders. 1232 Pierce st. ¦
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HANDSOMELY furnished front room; board;
use parlor, piano and phone. 850 Van . Ne&s.
NEWLY furnished rooms with board in pri-
- vate family; low rate. S27 Mission st.
Laitibourne, • 420 Eddy — High-class hotel: furn.
suites 'and single; steam heat;, board optional.
VAN NESS. 915 — Excellent board and room
for couple, $45; single, $20.
VAN NESS. C07— To a refined couple; large
¦ sunny parlor, with board, in private home.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5- cents — The- Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES, j
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND , SUPPLIES".
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
| STABLES' TO LET." . "
STALLS to let. Apply at 847 Mission St., coal
yard. - ¦• - • . -
STORAGE AAD WAREHOUSES.
PIE^C^S6^ol?Br^tora?e^anT^IovmT~Co^
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. : tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., G30 Market St.;
tel. .Main 1840; ehipplng at cut rates. -
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore' st. : phone Jackson 281.
SUMMER RESORTS.
TO lease — Kenilworth Inn; romantically situ-
ated in Mill Valley; 50 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; completely furnished; 40
rooms ; steam and hot water baths ; electric
lights; heaters throughout; elevators, etc;
rent low. Apply MADISON & BURKE, 30
Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAtTbTrGAINS IN^TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 206.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection *Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors : estimate free. 200 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING AND J*[MEOggAPHING.
eographlng. 027 Market, rm. 301; Jessie 1554.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
ream 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, April 8, 1902— Dividend No. 199 of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be payable
at the office of said company, room 16, second
floor. Mills building, on April 15; transfer
books will close on April 8 at 3 p. m. ED-
WARD McGARY. Secretary. ' ¦
BIRTHS— MABEIABES—BEATBS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the Dublication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence' of -per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
NORRINGTON— In this city, March 31, 1002,
to the wife of H. Norrington, a daughter.
SULLIVAN— In this city. ADril 13, 1902, *o
j the wife of William M. Sullivan, a daughter.
¦ DIED. ,'.¦-.- •
Bonnardel, • H. i Howard. Infant
Camp. Maude Pearl | Lynch, Bridget !
Carrion, Martina McMahon, Augustus
. Clement, Lulu M. Mendelsohn. Julia
Crocker, Pauline Norton. William H.
. Dlxon. Catherine A. O'Connor, Batt
Eastman, Lottie Painter, Oscar
Eccles, Alice Plantz, Pheba A.
Edwards, William T. Ryan, Michael -
Erickson, Rev.Henry Schulz, Julius
¦ Hendy, Sarah ¦ Swift, Samuel -I'M
Holden, Margaret Vetter, Louise . C. ,
» • Hooe, Isabelle WaJlin, Charlotte C.
BONNARDEtr— In Scbastopol, Sonoma County.
Cal., April 11. 1902, H. Bonnardel, a*ed 03
years.
CAMP— In Oakland, April 11, 1902. Maude
Pearl, beloved daughter of Charles E. and
Sarah E. - Camn, and sister 1 of | Mrs. "Clem
Baker- and Char'.es C; Minnie ¦ Warren,
Claude E. and Leon F. Camp, a native of
Lake^on, Ind., aged 16 years io months and
0 days.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 21 o'clock, at 1551 ',£
Brcadway, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. .,
CARRION — In this city, April 13, 1902," Mar-
tina Carrion, beloved wife of the late Rosa-
. lio Carrion, mother of the late Mrs. D. Rid-
rlguez, Mrs. . F. Zuniga, Mrs. , A. Orrigo ¦ and
- Robert Carrion, a native ¦: of Valparaiso,
Chile, aged 70 years. ,
. * CT Notice of funeral hereafter. .
CLEMENT— In this city, April 13, 1902, Lulu
' M.. beloved daughter of M. L. and Catherine
-' Clement.'and sister of Katie A., Joseph F
Walter L. and Lillie B. Clement. - a . native
. of Oakland, . aged . 5 years 7 months and : 1
'•; day. «iy .'.;•. ''¦"¦¦ ¦'•'¦¦ , ... ¦* ¦. ¦•. ---v
CROCKER— In this city, \- April: 12, 1902,'
Pauline Crocker. - beloved wife of the late
, Morris Crocker, and mother of Aaron : and
: Heiman Crocker, and sister of Mrs. R. Gall.
:' Mrs.' M. Haas, Jake and Aaron Fibush and
• Mrs. • E. Basch > of • Rogasen, Germany, a' na-
tive, of . Rogasen, Germany, aged 63 '.years
5 months and le.days. .. . .*
,-. |C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral Monday
.April 14, 1002. atlO:30,o'clock,' from .her
late ¦ residence.- 1415 Mason street.> between
Broadway and Pacific, thence < to -.Third and
Townsend street" for 11:30 o'clock-train.. In-
. terment Hills of Eternity ¦ Cemetery. : . , .,
DIXON— In Mill Valley. April 11.- 1902,* Cath-
erine A., beloved -wife .of .. James*- Dixon.
' daughter of Terrence ! and ; Ann Hushes, " and
: sister . of - May, Michael ; and: Annie Hughes,Because Fred . Hansted could not dis
close the name of the man who attacked
Thomas Gar'rett of the Evening Post Sat
urday morning he was booked at the City
Prison yesterday morning on a charge of
assault withiintent to do great bodily in-
Jury. He was at once released on - $500
cash ball. - ' ' .-;,'.-
Hansted Chosen as Assailant.
Is the best protection for your skirt edge
and does not deface your shoes. S. H.
& M. stamped on the back of every yard.*
S. H. & M. Bias Velveteen
The 115 members of the Royal Social
Club in the, Cafe Royal who were arrest
ed by Captain j Spillane and ' posse : Satur
day night were all released on bail by 2
o'clock yesterday morning. The total of
bail money was $1310. The prisoners will
all appear in. court this morning.
Poker-Players Released.
Frank Farrell, a laborer living at 730
Peralta street. West Oakland, reported
to the police late Saturday night that he
had been held up by two men on Mission
street, between First and Fremont, and
robbed of 90 cents, all the money he had
in his pockets. As he passed' the two
men one of them took hold of his arm
and told him to keep quiet and the other
went through his pockets.
Matt Schlehlein, a former soldier, re
ported to the police yesterday that while
he was asleep in James Lawler's saloon,
41 Turk street, Friday afternoon some
one cut his pockets and stole hi3 gold
watch and chain and about. $8 in cash.
He admitted that he had been drinking
heavily and had. fallen asleep in a chair.
He could not get any satisfaction- from
the saloon-keeper, who denied that
Schlehlein had been robbed there.
Trank Farrell, Oakland Laborer, and
Matt Schlehlein, Former Soldier,
TWO MOBE ROBBEBIES
REPORTED TO POLICE
dets the Mechanics' Pavilion
on Friday evening next Major Duffy,
who will have charge of this operation, 1
had the bridge-building squad at work
yesterday afternoon, and lost considera
ble weight lugging timbers from one end
cf the Pavilion to the other.
Company M of Oakland is to build the
bridge across an imaginary estuary. The
members of the company came over in
their working clothes and for nearly two
hours struggled with the proposition.
Company D came on the scene and at
tempted to drive oft the bridge builders,
but Company H rallied to the defense and
drove off the attacking force. There was
a clash of steel, a rattling of drums, sev
ersil bugle calls and other little incidents
that serve to portray the life of a soldier.
Dr. Morrissey had his hospital corps
ready and carried off the supposedly
wcunded. ' •"•;¦
The band also evolved some new stunts,
which it proposes to unload on the public
on Friday night. Little Arnold Grazer,
who plays the cornet and marches with
the precision of a drum major, is to ren
der a number of cornet solos.
Captain Hopper of Company A, Captain
McCarthy of Company D and Captain
Grimley of Company L had their various
commands on the floor and put them
through a number of intricate evolutions.
Captain Thomas Kccles of Company H
was absent, owing to the death on Friday
night of his mother. He expects to be on
hand next Friday night and command his
company.
Crape was worn yesterday, by the staff
nlLITARY bridge building: in a
\ hurry will be one ofihe features
of the comins competitive drill
of the League of the Cross Ca-
1 Business men • can / be properly -zerved •
with : lunch at the Cafe ZInkand. ... , '¦:¦. ",-. * ¦-,• ; ¦ '
¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ : "-'.¦.?. ¦'¦""¦¦ / . :.¦•
I -"i.Trarper's' OU'cures "rheumatism' and neuralgia. ; I
\ Druggists," 50c i 'flask."-. : Richard ¦& Co., v 40C Clay."
i .The grocery store, of Steger Brothers at
101 , Oak ; street "was : , entered ¦.; by,' burglars
early I yesterday morning. V. They > broke : a
large 'pane . of Y glass and • thus ' secured en
trance to the building;; The' robbers 'took
$1 25 ¦ from t the, change ¦• drawer; but ¦ failed
to .break' open 4 . the cash ¦¦• register, : which
tnevibadly 'damaged, however. ,-, A .quan
tity* of -wines ; and c liquors
by .the vthieves.'whoi got away .without
leaving ' a ; trace .as ¦ to 5 their ; identity. ;-
I -Bob i a : Grocery^: Store.
¦;' Joseph !M.'Ellenbrook '"was charged "at
the" City, ;Hall '; Police ; Station, yesterday
with .assaulting f Richard Oliver. u with , a
deadly/ weapon.; The -\ men /became.; en
gaged in-, an' altercation 'on 'Third \ street,
and Ellertbrook ; cut i his : opponent wl th ¦ a
knife. ¦: Oliver's injuries; were noti serious,*
*but . required ¦ the ¦ services ¦ of a • physician/
I Uses ; Knife i in ¦¦ a j Fight.
.".Beklns . Van and ; , 'Storage; Co. : J will / move
and ;store,your goods.- -630- Market street.-*
y George Hayes and P. Rudy, were . arrest
ed "yesterday; afternoon'at.the'-Wellesly
House and are being ; held until .the" police
have an opportunity . of investigating the
manner [ in which \they ; came into posses
sion* of fa valise .which 'i they. had. t Hayes
was' a-, bellboy. : at .the Russ . House and
Rudy .was . employed in * a '• similar ¦capacity
at the Welllesly. Hpuse. It -', is ."believed
the.vallse was ;stolen from a guest' at the
Russ House. .. x - ¦•-:. . ; • ;: . .;
Bellboys Arrested for, Theft.
Fire Caused : by Defective Plue.
\. Firecaused by. a* defective flue did!con
siderable -damage :.last" ;evening.^to .the
frame dwelling of James C. McTernan at
88 Tiffany avenue." The Fire Department
found: the- building .-enveloped in' flames,
but soon had.the outbreak: under control.
The building and. contents were fully; cov
ered by > insurance. The < damage by ¦ flre
and water is estimated at $2000. MqTcr
nan '• is . a . conductor, on the San ¦ Francisco
and ' San Mateo Railroad. i
Unless the , dispute between the . leather
workers : and ¦;. their f, employers is * settled
this morning bn.e hundred . and . twenty-five
union men will* not resume their : duties,
but ! will go out . on strike. . The men de
mand'/an. increase ' and .- shorter.' hours,
which demand has been refused- by •, the
wholesale dealers.' The; retail firms,, how
ever, have » acceded to • .the .demands of
the workmen. The firms holding, out are
Main & • Winchester, ; L. B.v Stone & Co.
and J. C. Johnson. . . • • - • ' • - '
Leather Workers' to" Strike.
"Common-sense Theosophy" r.was , tjtie.
subject' on> which A. ' Somers addressed
the meeting. He said that the impractical
Theosophist thought one way. and ; acted
another,' and his lifei was 'filled' with fail
ures. The practical TheosophistiwasJill
ed"with action and- service (toward j,Ws
lellbw ,belngs. The ; speaker s referrerl .- in
plowing terms to the. work: of 'Kathcrihe
Tingley, ¦ made'' possible . by. ¦ the;,untiring
efforts of 'Mme." Blavatsky " and ~ William
Q. Judge.' . .'¦¦¦: ¦'.-'¦:-"' :- : - .:¦- '. . i ..
, And, yet;- he. was humble as he was wise'and
strong. , No pedestal of power.: f or • self , ever
allured ' him from the course of service ; in the
cause which is redeeming the. race. "His? fidel
ity to the spirit and genius of theosophy held
the society In -; its unvarying • forward •• move
ment and enabled it to : triumph over: all ob
stacles. And the results — are they,* not stupen
dous almost Incredible? , When the. time came
for his departure all was In order. ¦ ' ¦_•¦;¦ •'
' His power to stand, silent and immovable In
any shock, and to defend and' sustain the, true,/
was superb. • Before the; whole world, his atti
tude; was that of an undaunted hero, valiant
and unconquerable, because . motive * was
pure as mountain snow, his strength Hke.,the
onmoving glacier, and his loving service' for
his fellows like the warmth of. the sun. •. , ; .*
Dr. . Allen. . Griffiths delivered a eulogy
on tlie life of William Q. Judges and said
that he was one . of humanity's ¦: great
helpers. He paid a tribute to his indus
try and patience and his devotion to "the
tenets of theosophy. Continuing, Dr.
Griffiths said: '.•• - ..' '
' William Q. Judge was .'one- of the 'Horch
bearers of the nineteenth century. -He '.held
before the world the light of the true , phil
osophy of life* which was brought once more
before men in its purity by H.' P.'Blavatsky.-
He also was persecuted, but- the demonstra
tion by Katherlne Tingley of. the principles for
which he dted is dally .increasing the. number
of those who honor, and. thank him' for his
service 'to "humanity. ' . • '
¦ ¦?;.-•-¦ -:¦:.¦ :;.¦¦¦¦¦ ¦'••
The anniversary of the birthday of Wil
liam Q. Judge was celebrated ¦yesterday,
by the members of the Theosopnlcal- 1 So
ciety by a meeting held 'at the iUnlversal
Brotherhood Hall, 310 O'Farrell V- street.
Addresses were made by. prominent- ; Th'e-.
osophists. ; ;V- ' .¦; ' ' ' " : "J^J •¦¦.''.
Dr. Gertrude Van Pelt, a." member, *•:; of
the cabinet Of Katherlne Tingley," .;the
Theosophical leader and superintendent 1
of the • International t Lotus g Home /^and*
Raja- Yoga School, spoke on^ the ; subject^
of "The Inconsistencies' of Human* Na>
ture; the Persecuted -.of One Age,^Hon
ored of the Next." ; f ¦'''-..: 7 j-J- . '.-'. ,\. , «
Dr. Van. Pelt, quoted the historical case,
of- Joan of 'Arc, who,, persecuted ..in ; ; life!'
has since been raised to the. dignity w of '
a saint. In speaKing of William <: Q.
Judge, Dr. Van Pelt said: .: ¦¦;,-:-
~',Meri have l created a'purely artificial barrier
between the ' body pdlltic and their religion.
Citizenship should be'grounded on ethics. Good
'government depends on law, Its making and its
'administration. , I>ack of interest in municipal
¦polities'. on the part, of good . citizens has af
torded an avenue for the admission' of corrup-'
- tlon. It will,. indeed, be a glorious day for this
nation when the- politician .shall be forced to
begin his career In the . ward— rthat Is, provided'
he win his promotion by good service. ' As con
ditions, now exist i the , ward politicians are the
rank and file of the bosses' army. . .
: There are two kinds of bosses — one wcrks for
. money, - while | the - other ¦ works . for ¦ office. Both
practically use ".the; same methods. The 'sad
dest, feature 'offUhe -boss system- is ¦ that* good
and- patriotic men are forced to 'become bosses
or to abjure politics. •; The . bosses are contin
ually, at war against good government. : . The
municipal government, .¦ however, is the great
est sufferer. 'The city is. the battleground. The
boss system 1 i.nour cities .stifles patriotism,-de
stroys • honesty • and ruthlessly ' crushes . the no
blest idealsof. our, young men." : -, . ¦. ¦ .
...He.who faces' the' boss aystepa must be cour
ageous. He must be more than a carpet knight.
The.- boss 1 system. Is not ¦ politics. ' * Do not cor
rupt that woVd; by such tan application.-. Poli
tics; has: been defined, as; the sys.tem'of govern
ing. ."V.There; Is r. a ..vast difference' between.a
leader, and a boss. .-A leader; consults, while a
boss, dictates;; the -leader works in. the. light,
while a boss schemes and 'labors, at night; the
leader ; looks for his followers I in . th£ shop, the
store ; and the' factory," while the •• boss gathers
¦his cohorts from the street, the saloon and the
.police stations/ ¦ -; ¦ , '¦ '
:¦¦:-• - : - '.;¦;:¦¦ >'- ¦ '
.'^Rev. 'George W. Stone : addressed the
congregation- ' of :;> the j First Unitarian
¦ Church: at*. the evening service last: night
on >,the,' timely topic, "The Churches and
, the » Bosses.'/. '.In .explaining the' reasons
that • induced him ' to adopt such a tem
poral [-subject, he said that he deemed it
the duty of every, church member to take
a ; vital:interest in providing good govern
ment for his city, State and nation. As
a". means of coping with!' the bosses and
their corrupting . influence,^ the- reverend
.gentleman suggested that the men of the
¦ churches : organize themselves into clubs
for the purpose of securing and maintain
ing good government.- - . •;•
V r >Rev. Mr.; Stone said in substance:
According tothe. story of other Chinese
living in the same building, the name of
the dead man is Chin Yung. He was : a
lishermon and received advance money to
go to Alaska. He Is said to have spent
the money, at a' gambling table and'prob
ably committed suicide., .
¦ The Morgue officials -, were" called • last
evening to take charge of the remains . of
a Chinese found in. the rear of a' building
at 845 Clay street. When Deputies Pen
nell and Murphy Arrived at the place they
ascertained that ' their subject . had i been
dead over a month, and owing to the de
composed condition of .the body they re
fused to take it-in. charge, and so notified
the" Board of Health. . - - • ;
Had Been Dead One Month.
Rev. • G.i Stone "Speaks in
S Behalf of Good Gov
;, ; ,/•¦> ernment.
Birthday of Blavatsky.'s
Follower Is iDii-y :
Celebrate dw - - - " ¦"¦
RENDER TRIBUTE
TO W. Q. JUDGE
BOSS SYSTEM
IS DENOUNCED
SEVERAL COMPANIES OF THE | LEAGUE ~ OF THE CROSS CADETS
GOING THROUGH PRACTICE \ BTpLUTIONS. AT COMING COM
PETITIVE." DRILL BRIDGE BUILDING -WILL BE A FEATURE..
A beautiful day attracted thousands of
people to the park and beach yesterday.
The beach was dotted j with San Francis
co's pleasure seeking population, walking
and- lounging on the sand, the children
taking advantage of the hot weather by
doffing their shoes and stockings i and
wading in the deliciously cool water.'.
The shore below the Cliff House has be
come a regular fakers' row. Dozens of
men guess your weight and sell you foun
tain pens, medicines guaranteed - to cure
any^ ache or. pain and various \ things to
eat and drink, from candy and waffles to
soda^wajer and enchiladas. ,-..- V
The park, with its vast lawns and long
driveways, harbored a great crowd of
restseekers. Although the drive was one
of the largest for weeks the usual run
away 1 was not in evidence.,. The-, tennis
courts are proving the greatest .attraction
to the young , folks that the park affords,^
they being crowded from early morn to
sunset. The Park.. Commissioners' could
not have, placed anything else in the 'old
music stand drive that would have given
as much pleasure 'as do these courts.
ure-Seeking Population ; Enjoy
Day at These Resorts. ,
Thousands of San Francisco's Pleas-
TINE WEATHER AND CROWD
AT THEPAEK AND! BEACH
The following statement has been issued
by the officers of the reorganized Carpen
ters' Union, Local No. 22. which was re
cently, suspended by the District Council
owing to a dispute with local union 483:
The reorganized ' members of suspended' Local
22 invite the attention of all other carpenters
to the fact that a general decision, dated July.
10,1891, reads: ','AU benefits are , forfeited. by
a suspended .• union . the . same as a suspended
member. A suspended union cannot be enti
tled to any benefits other than those prescribed
for a new union." (See page 36 < ot ¦ constitu
tion.) ' ¦ This makes It clear . that ¦" the '. benefits
resulting from membership where time is a
factor are lost to all who do not transfer. Most
important ' to the older men is the loss of full
membership by all over the age of 60, who are
now in benefit, should they again seek admis
sion- after suspension. . We' cordially ask our
suspended, brothers to avail themselves of -the
opportunity that now offers ; to preserve their
standing in the brotherhood by taking transfers
and joining in time to participate in the elec
tion of permanent officers Tuesday, April IS,
at Turk-street Temple, for the ,-rest of this
term. ¦ ¦¦._•¦ ..•¦¦.•¦¦ - -.'¦• - •¦
. The necessity of earning a living precludes
the possibility of reply to the many mlsstate
ments that have appeared' or, may appear. .As
a rule their falsity is so apparent as to carry
their own refutation. - i • '
We are - in and of the brotherhood - and pro
pose to -show that there is something ' in a
name; that we can state and stand by -the
truth, and if necessary make sacrifices for the
maintenance of true unionism as embodied, in
the history and constitution of the brotherhood.
We regret that the czarlike methods' of a
group of men should dissipate the strength of
the Building Trades Council In fratricidal strife
instead of ¦ directing It to the improvement of
conditions as fh times past. We assure the con
tractors that the character of those in the new
union will stand investigation, as will also our
reports of the number enrolled, which now
approaches 200. * ' ..'
The contractors and public may rest assured
that the line of progress in trades union effort
cannot long be obstructed by people who owe
their prominence to | a very different course
than that they now pursue. No large city has
escaped its . contest between large responsible
rational ' unions, guided by conservative men
forming their \ judgments . free' from local . Influ
ences, and -local unions which, are' liable to be
led into needless strife and policies alike re
pugnant to the sense of justice, and genius of
our common ¦ country . ¦ .' •"• :. ¦•-..- -¦-. •• '
FRANK CRAWFORD. President
E. E. DE ROIN, Secretary." . . . :
Urged to Retain Benefits
•; of Association. :"¦"."
Members of Suspended Local No. 22
caepentebs' union \
. ':'¦ : > ' >:;!'-¦ issues statement
• Rev. M. V. ; Donaldson, the • Methodist
minister' who was run out 'of ".the, town' of
Vacaville by the indignant citizens'on ac
count of scandalous conduct with, certain
women' of his ¦ congregation, .was arrested
last night and locked up at the City. Hall
Prison on a charge of oelng drunk." :¦'¦
Since Donaldson arrived In San Fran
cisco he has been stopping: in the rooms
of his wife, a saleslady, wno claims -he is
the . victim of malice. Last night Mrs.
Donaldson's ', landlady at . 567 Geary, street
sent : for ;• a police officer and complained
that Donaldson was trying to beat ln~ the
doors-of the rooms in her flat. .-- •¦---••
•When- Police Officer Lew Clark arrived
at the house he found that Donaldson
had gene out and located him. in: a' saloon
at Post arid Williams .streets. As .Don
aldson was considerably under the. infill-
enceof liquor he was placed in custody
and sent to the City Hall Prison in the
patrol- wagon. Mrs. 'Donaldson- offered
bail for. her husband's release, but it was
refused ¦ until such' time as ¦ the disgraced
minister, could sleep off the effect of the
liquor he had taken. . Mrs. Donaldson
went I away in tears while ; her | husband
was locked up in a cell.
His Actions Alarm Landlady,
Who Telephones for;
I ' the Police.
Ex-Minister ofVacaville
-Charged With; Being ;
Intoxicated.;
REV. DONALDSON
LOCKED IN CELL
BUILDING MILITARY BRIDGE ONE
GREAT FEATURE OF COMING DRILL
League of 'the Cross Cadets Have a Final Practice at Pavilion iri
Preparation for Contest for Colonel Power vTrophy*
12
ALLIANCE PICNIC
GREAT SUCCESS
Large Crowd Takes an
Outing in Schuetzen
Park:
Day Is Passed in Dancing,
Games and Racing f* r
Prizes.
- - ; ¦ .
The Harmony Alliance No. 15. St. Pat
rick's Alliance, held its annual picnic yes
terday at Schuetzen Park. The day
proved ideal for an outing and almost 3jO0
people were present. uancing was in
dulged in during the greater portion of
the day, and in the afternoon a long pro
gramme of races, games" and other out
cf-door sports occupied the time o£ those
athletically inclined. There were fourteen
races, with results as follows:
First race, tirls under 12 — First prize won
by Edna Lev.-is. Gertrude Waiters second.
Second race, tor ooys under 11!, eight start
ers—li. Dooley won, with Ralph Peters a
close second.
Third race, for rfrls -under 10, three start
ers — May Leddy won. E. McKeon second.
Fourth race, fcr boys under 6, eight start
ers — Wen by B. Mulcahy, Joe Murphy second.
Fifth race, for younsr ladies — Won by Miss
lit ran. Miss J. Hinerman second.
Sixth race, professional, quarter mile, seven
darters — V. Hayes brst. J. O." Sullivan second.
Seventh race, for young men — Won by J.
Haynes, D. Cashman 6econd.
Klghth race, for members' wives — Mrs. J. J.
Wren first, Mrs. J. Pierce second.
Ninth race. for married men — Won by
G«orge Colomore. W. O'Brien eecond.
Tenth race, for marled ladies — Mrs. Burns
first, Mrs. Baron second.
Eleventh race, for fat ladles— Won by Mrs.
T. O'Riely, Miss Julia Smith eecond.
Twelth race, for fat men— Miles Jackson
first. M. D. Walsh second. ¦ '.
Thirteenth race, for members — Ed Kenny
Erst, H. J. Kavanaueh second.
Wooten lK)ses"the Primaries.
WAXAHACHIE. Tex.. April 13.— In the
Democratic primaries in Hill County Sat
urday J. A. Beall of Ellis County carried
the county over Congressman Dudley G.
Wooten of Dallas. This assures the nom
ination of B'eall.
THE SANlERANCISGO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1902.
.and line officers and flags and guidons
« bore the same emblem of mourning in^ re
spect of the memory of Dr. Joseph -H.
Doyle"; of the League of the Cross Cadets
, hoppltal corps. The members of Company
•I were not present, having attended the
: funeral of Dr. Doyle at Menlo Park.v m
: • All the ¦: arrangements ¦> for the drill on
' Friday night are now complete, and the
demand . for ; tickets Indicates that an im
• mense crowd will witness the contest for
. the magnificent Colonel E. J." Power tro
; phy, '.which ¦ has .been, given .by .the. ofn
f cers of -the regiment for an annual com
* petition. It Is ' expected that . Governor
.• .Goge," Mayor Schmitz, \ General Shafter
¦ana a" number of. distinguished army offi
cers'will be present, t
SPECIALS
THIS WEEK!
TAFFETAS-
1200 uards extra lieaYU Black Silk Taffeta, 38 Indies
widei a good wearing aualltu, width speclallu suit-
t afile for .undepsklrts and skirt lining. Regular
value $1.35 uard. •
Reduced to $1.00 Yard
PONGEES-
Complete line of Imported and Domestic Pongee Silks
In 2A } 26/ 28, 32 and 34 Inches wide.
Prices 75c to $1.25 Yard
DIMITIES^"
250 pieces Genuine Irish Printed Dlmltu. These
come in a great yarletn of stales' and are In all the
new colorings,, such as Greens, Blues, LaYender,
Pinks and a large assortment of Black and White.
Price 25c Yard
CINCH AMS-
l50 v pieces imported Silk and Linen Ginghams; This - .
fahrlc comes in plain Golors. Stripes and Brocades
are in all the new colorings. Warranted fast colors
and Yerg desirahle for ladles 1 and children's wear.
Price 50c Yard
CLOTHS—
2 cases Genuine Amazon Cloths 60 Inches wide; in
the following colors. . NaYu's, Reds ; / Tans ; Browns,
Greens and Grans.
WM '-¦¦¦¦ ¦^¦¦¦¦y ¦ Price $1.00 Yard
Regular Value SI. 25 Yard
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed ancfsamples
' '¦' ;..' : '.\ '¦:¦ forwarded free to any address.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POJ5T STREET.
I3PU3BERQ
BOWEN
"icr f*FV
' Por^eiaiii; '
Refr i g e r a t 6 r s
Glazed tile exterior and Interior— als»
oak exterior-lined with mineral wool and
galvanized steel— no possibility of cor-
rosion—the trimmings" are solid brass
heavily nickel plated
A full carload just arrived— all sizes
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
T a b;l e b u t t e r
¦ Choice. creamery— square 32^0
Goo sell v e r
Teyssonneau puree de foles gras— _ _
sandwich paste^reg'ly 25c can 2O "
Asp a rag us
Packed by Hickmott at . r rt _ . _
Bouldin Island-reg'ly25ccan 2 ror 45<
M a i p 1 , e s-y r_u jp
Hazen— pure— from Vermont— /;-_
«gMy 7SC-& gallon can °5 C
K on a coffee
Highest grade procurable — rich - _ /^_
flavor— full body— reg'ly 25c lb Z P C
R ipe olive i
Fancy California black olives—
reg'ly 35c quart O c
Holland cocoa
Van Houten-richest flavor- »i
cconomical—reg'ly, 95c lb— '80c
Mlb—Klb— lib cans
Safety ih-atc he s
The popular and*
best match today- 5 doz boxes 2 5C
safe around children * "¦¦%%"¦
Apricots
Fancy evaporated fruit t fr -
reg'ly 20c lb „ I 5 C
, $ lbs 40c
P r e serve d f i g s
Bishop— enough for two—
reg'ly i2Kccan IOC
R a i s-i n s
¦ California— 3 crown clusters—
reg'ly 75C-5 lb box : ;f ??, ' " OOC
Sultana raisins— seedless 2 lbs 25c
P i m - O 1 a s *
Baby olives ' , j' n .w t^«
stuffed with 4 /u h u IOC
peppers—- .9. ¦ 3 for 50C
AUT O Wl AT I C S HE L L E J ECTI N C
•^ '. : U '. , ¦ . 32 or 38 Caliber. $3.75.
lJs\YTi-hl «?/%*• SHREVE & BARBER
KPVlllVPr CO - San Francisco.
1\V V Ul Y Ul Guna > Fishing Tackle
-.and Sporting Goods.
. ¦¦ Send for Catalogue.
n| rP nOlll I Corner Fourth and
• ¦ . •¦ . . . valises checked free.
BHHHH^HHH|^HBMWnHHn|
gOLDBERg
BDWEN
&CD.
,T.a r t p r u n e s
Fallenberg wlety^— v m i iv_ . '
reg'ly ioc lb' 33 J D3 25c
S h r i m p s
BUoxI— preserved In water- « r.. . „*
reg'ly ioc can 3 tor 25C
Lemons '
Good ones— reg'ly 25c dozen 15c-
,Whis ky
, Old Crow bourbon-1803 ) $1 25 bot $z
Hermitage rye 1S94 ) $5 gal
Bull Dog-rye or boubon-f ull qt $ j 2 C
S'C-'h'i c da m g i n
Old Holland gin— finest hi tht *_ . J
world-reg'ly $x 50 long stone jug* 1 *9
B r and y
California private stock— < T T *
J best this state produces— . T *5
reg'ly $1 50 bottle-$6 gallon - $4 50
Roc k a n d ry e
Quick cure for a cold— - -
reg'ly $135 $T
French claret
St. Jullen— old vintage—
reg'ly $$ doz qt*r-fo^a doz pts 4 75 ,
Gi n g c r a 1 c
Vartray— full of life and snap— *_ _._
reg'ly $115 dozen . , M IO
Toi 1 et so a p
Melba— large oval cakes — - j«^ _.^
reg'ly sec lozen— \ doz 75^,
Toi l.e t pa per
Belvldere— loco sheets— : *.
reg'ly Ji 50 dozen * x IO
Talcu m powder
Colgate— antiseptic—
reg'ly 20c can *5 C
L i s t e r i ri e
- Large bottle— 65c
Big catalogue free
432 Pln« 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thlrf nth and CUy Str—ta. Oakland "
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
i MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE r
I BLOOD.LIVER.UJNGS. J
Weak Men and Women
SHOtTLD USE DAMXA.NA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
, strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
TODAY* TUESDAY
And WEDNESDAY.
Groceries! Specials!
BUTTER, tie lest table kind, per square 35c
Reg. elze sq. No better made.
EGGS, the fanciest kind, 2 dozen. S5c
Direct from Highland Poultry Farm.' . •
SOAP, Babbit's best, 6 caVes ..... . . ... . 25c
Makes washing easy. Reg. 5 for 25c.
PEAELINB wasnhg pbwder, 3 pk?s 25c
Easy on the hands. The reg. 10c size.
PEUiTS, tha finest table. 2 cans. . ... . . .35c
Peaches, pears and Apricots. Reg. 20c can.
MUSH, a large 2-lb pig -4 pkgs... ...... 25c
This Is ' made from selected . wheat. 'W -*
OATS, Scotch, the 12^o pig......... . ...:.40 c
Made from the best Eastern klln-drled oats.
TEAS, 7 varieties, are 75o kind, per lb. ...41 o
5 lbs. limit. This is for close buyers.
PRUKES, Sasta Clara kind, 6 lbs '. . . . . ...25o
Good cookers. ¦ Reg. 6c lb.
BEANS, 1 small whita kind, 8 lbs . ... . :V.25c
Nice and clean. Have sold 4 lbs." 25cl "
HONEY, water white; 20c size, 2 comb3. .25o
This Is a nice flavor. No better sold.
GBAPE-NUTS, a brain food, 2 pkgs..~...25c
A quick meal for the Reg. 15c pkg.
CAMPERS, attention — Give us a call.'. We
pack and ship goods free. Careful attention
given to large orders. Send us a list. See our
prices before buying elsewhere.
T. H; CORCORAN & CO.
1201 VALENCIA. S. E. cor." 23d.
Phone ' Miss 9.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ffWonderfu i%
Two carloads of Knabe
Grand Pianos have just
arrived arid now await
your choosing.
One hundred Knabe i
I Uprights were already
on exhibition, and these,
with the Grands, make
up the greatest stock of
Knabes (the grandest
piano ever produced)
ever shown on this
Coast.
Kohler & Chase have for
fifty years had the choice of
agencies of every well-known
piano in the world. They
have selected the Knabe for
well-founded reasons. First,
because it is conceded by
every well-versed musician in
the world to be the most
perfect piece of musical
. mechanism ever produced.
Second, because the patron-
age of Kohler & Chase were
people who demanded and
appreciated the best; and,
third, because it was a piano
that could be safely guaran-
teed under EVERY condi-
, tion.
When you come to look at'
the great bargains we are of- •
fering on those pianos we'
purchased in Stockton ask to''
see our stock of Knabes, just)
for curiosity. 'r
KohlerMase
KKABETPrANOS
280Tarrell$t
I I Nrar Stockton St. ST.
K Supplies All \
J EYE CLASSES I
gf with Antiseptic Nose Grips, »I
F$I made of vegetable fiber and III
|U camphor, guaranteed non- fM
Hi cancerous, and do not jpj
Is wound the nose. • i*j
|| PRICES MODERATE. «
w 6 4 2 'Market St jU
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J f WII 9ftV £ C ) so ° Battery Street.
J- I- W1L3UH g V J-. Telephone Main 1861
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO ggy "ftfaffiff
OILS.
XCBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
41S Front et.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
EC fiPQBES- m£n^. E £.8.F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
XHS HICKS-JCDD CO.;
SI First street. San FraocUco.
IkMMMMHHHBMi:
AJVEBTISEMENTg^