PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCII— NO. 5.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1902.
CHICAGO, June 5.— The teamsters' strike was settled at 4:15 o'clock this morning. The men
gain recognition of the union. The scale agreed upon averages 2 cents less than the men de
manded. AH pickets will be withdrawn at once and the men will return to work this morning.
CHICAGO TEMSTERS' STRIKE STTLED
Sergeant Edwards, who Inflicted the tor
tures referred to, has' been ordered before
a court martial, and the case againsf
Lieutenant Arnold is being further Investi
gated.
Captain Parker West, who made an in
vestigation, reported that three soldiers
corroborated what Weir said about the
treatment of prisoners. Captain West
concluded his report as follows: "I believe
that a thorough Investigation into the
matter will substantiate the charges made
by Private Weir that prisoners were treat
ed in a cruel manner and that Lieutenant
Arnold winked at this treatment."
Another charge Is that Lieutenant Ar
nold directed that the man be immersed
in a creek until he was unconscious.
Weir concluded his charges with the fol
lowing statement: "Men of the troop
have told us that they have known Ar
nold to have a man tied to the saddle of
a horse. A few feet of slack was allowed.
A soldier was then mounted on the horse
and told to gallop down the road for a
mile and back. If the prisoner could run
as fast as the horse, It was all well, but
if he could not, he had to drag. Arnold
had had this done several times and more
than once the prisoner was dragged."
TIED TO A SADDLE.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— The .President
to-day promised Representative McLach
lan of California and John F. Hughes of
Los Angeles, the organizer of "Teddy's
Terrors," that he would visit Los Angeles
some time during the spring of 1903.
he was whipped and beaten unmercifully.
He was then stood up and asked to con
fess. He did not. He was then beaten
and clubbed again. I do not think that
a square inch of the man's body was left
untouched. He was kicked. A rope was
then thrown across a beam, the man was
strung up by the thumbs, another rope
was tied to his feet and they were jerked
from under him. While up he was
beaten."
President Promises a Visit.
Police officers from Huntington to-day
identified Hanson as one of two men who
had held up W. W. Erwin last night in
Huntington. After the hold-up the men
had a pitched battle with the officers, in
which one was wounded in the shoulder.
The other highwayman is thought to have
died from wounds somewhere in the hills
near Huntington.
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 4.— A special
to the Tribune from Wilson, Idaho, says
that Julius Hanson, claiming to have
come from Pocatello, walked into town
this morning with a serious bullet wound
in his shoulder, which he said h/d been
inflicted by a man who attempted to hold
him up two miles from Weiser.
OFFICERS IDENTIFY
A WOUNDED BANDIT
S. A. Campbell, who is named as one of
the defendants, is collector of the port
of Eureka, and figured prominently in the
recent sensational exposures Involving
members of the city council and which
have resulted in a series of libel suits.
According to the statements made by
the defendants, Thompson's term as re
ceiver expired early in the year and he
sought a reappointment. A bitter fight
was made against him, and the conduct
of the receiver's office during his incum
bency was attacked. They allege that
Thompson arranged a compromise where
by the charge* were to. "be dropped and be
was to place his resignation in the hands
of some disinterested third person, to be
delivered to Bull as soon -as his reap
pointment were made. The resignation
was made out in favor of the younger
Bull. According to this arrangement, the
document was duly drawn up and signed.
Receiver Thompson alleges without
equivocation that the resignation was not
freely given, that it was obtained from
him by fraudulent methods, and for that
reason he repudiates it.
Back of this action there is an interest-
Ing political story. The ground on which
the injunction is sought is that the res
ignation was procured through duress and
coercion. On the other hand, the defend
ants named in the application for a re
straining order declare that the resigna
tion was freely made and delivered Into
the hands of Monroe, former city attor
ney of Eureka, to be delivered to Bull,
who is chairman of the Republican Coun
ty Central Committee.
EUREKA, June 4.— After a lull of two
weeks, the feud of the local political lead
ers has been renewed with increased bit
terness, and sensational exposes of "boss"
method in Humboldt County are in pros
pect. One startling denouement came to
day, when J. F. Thompson, editor of the
Standard, began suit against A. J. Mon
roe, J. C. Bull Jr., and S. A. Campbell to
restrain them from delivering to J. C. Bull
Sr. his resignation as receiver of the land
office, to be forwarded by the latter to
Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declares It Was Ob=
tained From Him
by Coercion.
Repudiates His Resign
nation Now Held
In Trust.
Eureka Land Office
Receiver Seeks
Injunction.
POLITICS
BACK OF
THE SUIT
"While I was with a detachment of
twenty-four men doing garrison duty in
the town of Pasay. three miles from Man
ila, a native man, about 21 years of age,
was arrested and accused of being a mur
derer and highway robber. Now whether
the man was fruilty or not,' I do not know.
But. anyway. Lieutenant F. T. Arnold, for
he was the officer in command; gave or
ders to Sergeant Edwards, both of troop
H. Fourth Cavalry, to take the man to
the basement of our quarters and get
what information he could out of him.
The prisoner was stripped naked and laid
on his back on the bare floor. He was
then given 'Water cure.' The man begged
fcr mercy, but to no avail. While down
The charges preferred against Lieuten
ant Arnold by Private Weir are prob
ably the most direct allegations of
cruelty on the part of American soldiers
which were produced during the entire
Philippine debate. The charges include
rhfc following statement:
PRIVATE WEIR'S CHARGES.
Secretary Root will have returned to
Washington to-morrow morning." The in
vestigation will then be taken in hand by
him. Among army officers It Is a com
mon topic of speculation to-night. Cer
tain Republican Senators have, for some
i;me, in fact ever since the split between
; 'resident Roosevelt and General Miles.
:-^id that the latter has been providing
the Democrats with much of the infor
mation with which they have combated
the Philippine bill. Since the charges
¦which Senator Culberson so long endeav
.n-d to secure through official channels
have at last leaked out, they are more
1 renounced in their intimation to this ef
fect, as shown -in Senator Beveridge's
insistent query as to whether or not
General Miles gave out the information.
Captain Parker West is at preser.t in
Washington, and declares that he had no
idea of how Senator Culberson obtained
the information which he read on the
floor of the Senate. This leaves only
General Miles to be heard. He has as
yet not been reached by the department,
end consequently his answer Is, not
known. He will probably arrive in Wash
ington in a day or two.
Judge Advocate General Davis made a
similar statement. He was positive that
the charges had not been given out by
sny one in his division of the War De
lias-tment.
General Corbin reported to Acting Sec
retary Sanger to-day that the informa
tion had not leaked out in his depart
ment.
PASSED UP TO MILES.
The charges filed by Private Weir fol
lowed the course of all such papers. The
document passed through four depart
ments. Captain Parker West, inspector
general of the Department of Luzon, to
whom the charges were presented in the
Philippines and who partially investigated
them, forwarded them to the office of vhe
adjutant general in this city. They were
then sent to the office of General Miles,
and General Miles, in turn, referred them
to General Davis, judge advocate general,
for action, and finally they were received
by the Secretary of War, where they
went into the files.
TWa search for the man -who broke all
xr.Cit*: ;- re^ulitions ty glvtes^t infor
mation from the secret archives of the
department will be or.e of the most rigid
in the history of the department, and its
results may be extremely far-reaching in
consequences. Immediately upon return-
Ing to the department acting Secretary
Sanger began the invEtigation.
The President early to-day sent for act
ing Secretary Sanger and Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin. They went at once to the
White House and were closeted for a long
time with President Roosevelt. He urged
that a most searching investigation be in
stituted and continued until it was dis
covered where the information leaked
out.
SEARCH FOR CULPRIT.
Republican Senators, who were astound
vd when Senator Culberson read these
charges, suspect that they came out from
the secret files of the War Department
through the agency of Lieutenant General
Miles. Should investigation bring forth
This fact summary retirement by the
j>cwcr vested in the President will follow
in ehort order. General Miles is at pres
ent in the West en route to Washington
from Fort RIley, Kansas, where he wit
nessed a test of the Lewis field gun.
ie department.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, June 4.— Until it is
definitely known whether or not an of
ficial or employe of the War Department
furnished Senator Culberson with a copy
of Private A. K. Weir's charges that
Lieutenant F. T. Arnold "winked" at cru
elties practiced in the Philippines, the
rigorous investigation which was begun
by acting Secretary Sanger to-day will
continue. Diligent probing to ascertain
:he leakage was in progres sail day at
Special Dispatch to The CalL
President Roosevelt
Causing a Rigid
Investigation.
Republicans Suspect
, Him of Giving Out
Information.
General Miles Now
Faces Some New
Charges.
LEAKAGE
OF ARMY
SECRETS
LONDON. June 4.— Eight miners were
burned to death to-day as the result of an
explosion of gas at Guest, Keene & Co. 'a
colliery at Dowlais, Glamorganshire,
Wales.
Miners Are Burned to Death.
LINCOLN, Nebr.. June 4.— The Supreme
Court to-day by reversing the findings of
the District" Court' of Douglas County
opens the way for the possible recovery
by the State of the $537,000 which former
State Treasurer Bar'tley was convicted of
embezzling. The Supreme Court in effect
holds that Bartley's bondsmen were
wrongly discharged from liability and re
mands the case for a new trial.
:-¦::-.*--. • . ¦¦-. :¦¦¦:..- ,.<-. ¦¦;.¦
State May Recover Coin.
| CHICAGO, June" 5.— At 1:30 a. m., after
four hours of consultation in which the
question of recognition of the union was
thoroughly discussed, an agreement re
garding wages and hours was decided ' on.
The representatives of the packers con
ceded the demands of the strikers on these
two questions, but were obdurate In their
refusal to; recognize the strikers' union.
Strikers' Union.
Refuse, However, to Recognize the
PACKERS YIELD POINTS.
The trouble broke out at 5 a. m., when
a trainload of employes of the steel com
pany who had not ptruck reached Granite
CityrAs the men. -were proceeding through
a narrow lane* to their work In the mills
they/were first threatened by the strikers
and tfcen assailed with stones. Revolvers
were then brought into play and several
shots were fired by both parties.
THREE STRIKERS ARE SHOT.
Battle Is the Result of an Encounter
"With Non-XJnion Men.
GRANITE CITY, 111.. Juno 4.— A riot
broke out here this morning between sev
eral hundred striking molders and non
union employes, and as a result three
strikers were shot, two fatally. John
Buffington was shot in the back, the bul
let lodging in the kidney. S. B. Medford.
aged 35 years, was shot in the right arm.
Alexander Matthews, aged 30 years, was
shot In the left leg.
Many ¦ others were • struck at the same
time by a shower of stpnes. but the po
lice were too worn out to' offer resistance.!
More; than a dozen battles, were fought
during : the .; day. between rioters and th,e
police, and; the hospitals '; to-night are
overcrowded with the. injured. :..;
At. the very entrance to the stockyards
to-night, after: all seeming : danger had
passed, George June, an employe of the
Anglo-American Packing Company, .was
struck j with a j baseball bat and knocked
from his- wagon seat;.* He-was picked up
unconscious, and it is believed may die. "¦".'¦
. Many of the drivers, officials at the
packing houses, were cut and bruised
from head . to foot. The police were in
even worse condition. ,' The wagon drivers
had been, working from 5-o'clock in the
morning and the progress from the stock
yards to the business district and a back
again had been contested bitterly by mobs
of strike sympathizers^ .'
KNOCKED FROM SEAT.
- M. Sheppard, wholesale salesman for
Swift & Co.: : hit on /head by brick while
standing in front of 155 Fifth avenue;
seriously Injured. *
E. L. Lewis, Schwarzchild & Sulzberger
driver; hit with horseshoe at "Newsboys'
alley" and Fifth avenue: may die.
George Siegross, knocked from wagon
of. Armour & Co. and badly- Injured at
Randolph and. Clark streets. ¦„'¦
" .John Monahan, said to be a union team
ster; clubbed and badly hurt at Harrison
and State streets.
John; Johnson, driver; hit with brick;
serious. : . ¦
' Charles Wright, 18 years old; skull
crushed by brick; probably fatal. '
Policeman. Curry, badly. bruised in melee
with' mob.
Albert Wagner, driver; beaten on head
with club and sent to hospital; serious.
A'conference was held to-night between
the representatives of the. packers and
teamsters looking to a settlement of the
strike. President Frederick W. Job, chair
man of the. State Board of Arbitration,
brought about the meeting. A settlement
of the strike of the Qellvery wagons of the
retail State-street department stores, ear
lier in the day, formed the basis on which
the opposing elements hoped to effect a
compromise.
During "the morning hours the down
town street crossings were almost devoid
of officers, but the 'City. Hall resembled
an army barracks with hundreds of blue
coated men drawn up In squads waiting to
be summoned to the scene of rioting 1 .
The fiercest battle of the day took place
this afternoon at Sixteenth street and
Michigan avenue. The rioters stood on
the viaduct and hurled rocks at the meat
wagons passing The mob
was the most formidable In' numbers and
in daring of any of the crowds that gath
ered during ¦ the day. Before this mob
could be dispersed the police were com
pelled to ' use revolvers." More than fifty
shots were 1 fired, bullets passing over the
heads of the crowds, which finally be
came frightened. and scattered, but : not
until after many of the rioters and po
licemen were Injured.
•Nicholas/ Caully,. driver for a, brewery
company, struck Policeman Curry and
knocked • him f down;'. , was subsequently
beaten and arrested by. that officer!
. It is estimated that the total number
of persons injured during the day is be
tween 100 : and:150. Following is a partial
list of the most seriously wounded:
Edward Schiman, Swift & Co. driver;
hit on head with rock; serious. :
-Miss Carrie Schownald, knocked down
by horses and trampled; serious. :; -
John J.'McGulre, policeman; hit on^head
with a horseshoe: badly hurt. ;
John Linenculjal, policeman; injuredon
Congress street. ;/ . « •-'-'
Joseph Billings,; clubbed by police" on
Harrison street: serious. ,"':.'¦'¦ .:
MANY PERSONS INJURED.
To-night the soldiers of the First Regi
ment. I. N. G., were instructed to be pre
pared for a hurry call to duty. The com
manding officers sent word to other.offi
cers and 'through them the non-commis
sioned officers were detailed to notify the
privates to be ready at a moment's no
tice. Governor Yates is In the city to
night.
• ¦ : six meat wagons entered the
main gate of the Union Stockyards; to
night amid a shower of stones, brick3,
bottles and sticks. The wagons, guarded
by five police wagons filled with blue
coats and -two omnibuses crowded to the
fullest capacity with policemen. were_on
the return from a delivery of supplies to
downtown provision houses after one of
the fiercest days in the strike of the beef
packers' teamsters.
June 4.— Driven by
g ' men covered with dust 1 and
cK blood, many of them barely
SSL able from exhaustion to hold
t he reins in their hands, tliirty-
Police Escort Caravan of Meat Wagons
and Fight Desperate Mobs.
•DEMANDS OF MEN" GRANTED.
Strike of the Drivers for Department
Stores Is Over.
CHICAGO, June 4.— After thirty hours,
during which the delivery of goods from
the big downtown department stores was
stopped, the strike of the Department
Store Delivery Drivers' Union, affecting
1300 men, was settled at a conference held
here this afternoon.
The demands of the men In regard to
wages were granted, and the stores
agreed not to discriminate against union
men and to furnish uniform coats and
caps where required. The agreement was
the result of concessions made by both
sides and was brought about largely
through the effort of Frederick Job.
chairman of the State Board of Arbitra
tion. The men returned to work to-day.
It is believed a compromise may bo
reached on unsettled points. The confer
ence is still In session and probably will
last several hours longer.
Scores Badly
Injured at
Chicago.
principal, thoroughfare: of
chicago, upon which police
battle with rioters.
President Mitchell was kept busy all
day at his headquarters. He had nothing
to say regarding his visit to Scranton last
night where he met Frank P. Sargent
Chief of the Locomotive Firemen. Re
garding the general strike situation he
said everything was progressing satisfac
torily; that more men were coming out
each day and that the idle' men are be
having themselves well. The national
president had no comment to make when
informed that the New York Board of
Trade had decided to ask President Roose
velt to take up the task' of trying to end
the great struggle. .
It was comparatively quiet today in the
Wyoming valley. There was the usual
gathering of crowds at several collieries
at starting and stopping time, but nothing
of a serious nature occurred. Some men
were stoned on their way to and from
work and several were thrown into podls
of water. The fear of bodily harm is
causing more men to quit work than are
the arguments of the strikers.
There was a slight fire in the town to
day and as the fire alarm is sounded by
means of the colliery whistle, there was
much trouble and delay before the volun
teer company could be called to the scene
of the fire. The company, it Is said, will
allow its mines to fill with water and let
the borough get its water supply as best
it can.
The Susquehanna Coal Company's col
liery No. 5 z.t Nanticoke was forced to
shut down its engines, all the firemen re
fusing to go to work. This company fur
nishes the power for the water supply cf
Nanticoke and unless the engines are
again started the borough will have a wa
ter famine to contend with.
FAMINE OF WATER.
A correspondent was informed by a
mining official who has positive informa
tion on the subject that most of the mines
in the Schuylkill region are accumulating
water. The Reading Company's collieries
located in that region are the chief suf
ferers. The collieries of the Lehlgh Val
ley Company and Individual companies In
the same territory are also slowly filling.
In the Hazleton, Wilkesbarre and Scran
tor, districts the condition is not so bad,
only one mine here and there showing
water.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., June 4.— More
engineers, firemen and pump runners
obeyed the call of the Miners' Union and
struck to-day, but in most instances the
coal company's officials were able to fill
the places of the strikers.
Senator Hanna of the Civic Federation
when interviewed to-day professed to
know nothing of the New York board's
action, but it is intimated in official cir
cles that -if a commissioner is appointed
the Presdent will look to the Senator to
undertake the task.
WASHINGTON, June 4.-President
Roosevelt spent some ' time this after
noon considering the proposition of the
New York Board of Trade and Transpor
tation that he appoint a commissioner to
investigate- the. . strike, ijituation in the
anthracite regions with the view of ef
tecting an arbitration of the differences
between the miners and operators. It is
said that 'the President has not decided
what action he will take in response to
the suggestion.
PRESIDENT CONSIDERS.
"Anthracite coal as a fuel," the resolu
tion said, "has become a prime necessity
of life and industry, and the threatened
scarcity caused by the controversy has
resulted in a large advance in price and
great hardship and injury to all con
sumers. A larger advance in price ' is
Imminent and will follow if the differ
ences * between the railroads and their
employes in the mines are not speedily
adjusted."
James offered resolutions which recited
the fact that more than 100,000 men are
now out.
At a regular meeting of the New York
Board of Trado and Transportation to
day resolutions were adopted pointing
out the hardships that industry was be
ing made to suffer on account of the
strike and indicating a law empowering
the President to act. A committee, con
sisting of Darwin R. James, James Tal
cott and John D. Kiernan, w;as appoint
ed to go to "Washington and lay the ap
peal of the business men before Roose
velt. • •
\ NEW YORK. June 4.— President
Roosevelt will be asked by the manufac
turers and business men or this city to
intervene to settle the strike in the an
thracite coal fields. '
Special ""dispatch to The Call'.
Danger of a Water
Famine in Penn=
sylvania.
Business Men Appeal
to Roosevelt for
Aid.
New Yorkers Ask
President to Seek
Settlement
STRIKE'S
END MAY
BE NEAR
The San Francisco Call.Leader John A. Hammersmith of the
Olympic Athletic Club has devised a
method of keeping the club swimmers in
practice. Commencing next Wednesday
night there will be a handicap swimming
race every two weeks. The first event
will be a half-mile handicap, with Scott
Leavy on the scratch mark. The other
entries which Sidney Cavill, the swim
ming instructor, has received are A. Tay
lor, Lester Hammersmith, F. Clough C
Clough, C. K. Melrose, S. Herrick. * hJ
Young, F. O. Gellnas, H. Duckett. Alex
Pape. F. Munel) and F. Sherry.
Swimming Races at Olympic Club.
Arrangements — Edward Leonard. Charles H
McCourtney, John Greeley, A. Stoll, A "W
McDonald, George Weigner. P. Doran, R. Trav
ers, P. R. Savage, John Maloney. P. Comisky
H. Grinn. Ed L. O'Connor, P. H. Farrell H*
Clyne, Phil J. "Ward. Thomas Farrell. Edward
A. Kenny. John Stokes Charles Barry B
Hyland, Patrick Farrell, J. F. Spiller Mark
Greeley, George McCourtney, W. C. Blllington
A. Lynch, Robert E. Kenny and Felix Mc-
Hugh.
Floor committee — George Weigner. manager -
J. F. Splller. Robert E. Kenny, Edward A.
Kenny. P. H. Farrell, Mark Greeley and
George McCourtney.
Father Coyle is one of the best known
priests In San Francisco, and his many
friends are asked to show their high ap
preciation of him by attending his an
nual picnic. The receipts of the-outicg
will go toward the church fund. Tickets
can be purchased at the 'parochial resi
dence or of the following members of the
church, who are on the respective com
mittees:
Chairman of the day, Edward Leonard; sec
retary of the day, Edward L. O'Connor.
Committee on games — Patrick Farrell, Phil
"Ward, A. W. McDonald, P. R. Savaga and
John Maloney.
Gate — Edward Leonard, Thomas Farrell and
John Greeley.
Press — Charles H. McCourtney, T. J. Glynn
A. W. McDonald, "William A. Deane and J J.
Cassidy.
Music — Charles M. McCourtney and A. "W.
McDonald.
The annual picnic of the Star of the Se*
parish takes place June 11 at Shell Mound
Park, Berkeley. The Rev. John P. Coyle,
pastor of the parish, has been workins
for the affair for several weeks, assisted
by an energetic committee. It will be a
jolly outing, and everybody who wishes
to spend an enjoyable day across the bay
is invited to attend. Many valuable sate
and game prizes have been donated.
There will be athletic games in the field
and dancing in th<» large pavilion.
Father Coyle's Parish
ioners to Hold Picnic
at Shell Mound.
JOLLY OUTING
IS PROMISED
The Supreme Court yesterday Issued a
writ of mandate compelling Judge Heb
bard to" fix the amount of a bond for the
conduct ot the Richelieu saloon to be riven
by Charles Newman, pending his appeal
from the judgment declaring Herbert
Choynski a part, owner of the business
Judge Hebbard fixed the bond at $30 000 "
Newman Secures Writ.
The Folsom Republican Club held Its
regular meeting last night, John Gra
ham presiding. Fifteen new members
tinned the roll J. Mohoney, Al OaSrfoh
and Thomas McDermott were appointed
a committee to select new clubrooms
The club will support E. B. Edson Tor
Governor and will go to the State con
vention on August 2r» in full uniform.
Republican Club Meets.
Fred Hansted, accused of complicity in
the assault upon Thomas Garrett, was
surrendered to the Sheriff by his bonds
men yesterday, and petition was imme
diately made to the Supreme Court for a
writ of habeas corpus. It is stated bv
counsel that Hansted is held on a relonv
charge, while the deed of which he Is al
leged to have been an accessory ia onlv a
misdemeanor. - ** a
Hansted Petitions for Writ.
Captain Kal F. Martens, formerly of
the Government transport Buford was
released yesterday by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven on a bond of J1000
He has been . held ; to answer before the
Federal Grand Jury for tricing up B
w C « h^H r ; t f h °», t K lrd cook - His- motion
for a writ of - habeas corpus was denied
Captain Martens Out on Bail
Mayor Schmitz stated yesterday that he
will direct the Chief of Police to order his
men to strictly enforce the -ordinance pro
hibiting driving over street crossings at a
pace faster than a walk. Numerous com
plaints Tiave been made of the reckless
driving of teams, especially from Market
street into intersecting streets, and many
serious accidents have been barely avoid
ed. The Mayor, Commissioners Casey
and Manson and Chief of Police Wittman
went on a tour of inspection yesterday in
the business district to ascertain the
amount of obstructions on the public
streets. A numb/r of storekeepers were
notified to remove their merchandise from
the sidwalks. An officer will be detailed
to arrest violators of the ordinance for
bidding the occupation of a sidewalk for
more than half the width.
lice Wittman to Strictly En
force the Ordinance.
Mayor Schmitz Directs Chief of Po-
WILL STOP FAST DRIVING
OVER STREET CROSSINGS
Indians Will Receive Land.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— Senator Kearns
of Utah after a conference with the
President to-day said that the Secretary
of the Interior would be instructed to send
an official of the department to the Uintah
reservation at once for the purpose of
arranging with the Indians for their al
lotments and the opening of the surplus
lands toi the public.
The Supervisors' Police Committee last
night awarded contracts for furnishing
various supplies for the jails and Police
Department. The awards for coal were
postponed until next week, when tests of
certain coals will be made. The commit
tee, awarded the contract for bran for the
jails to Scott and Magner at $16 90 per ton
Ed Aigeltinger was awarded the contract
to furnish best wheat hay at $10 25 Der
ton and best white oats at $27 SO per ton
The contract for 870 bales of best wheat
hay to be furnished the Police DeDart
ment was awarded to H. P. Smith & Co
at $10 97 per ton, and for 850 sacks of oatq
to Smith, Purcell & Co. for $129 Xr M0
pounds. , *-„* ;
Awards Contracts for Suplies.
The proposed by-laws were read by J.
A. Devoto and accepted and the dues were
set at $1 per annum.
The evening was taken up with the
reading of the -minutes of the last meet
ing by the secretary, Mrs. Laura B. Pow
ers, and reports by J. A. Devoto, repre
senting the committee on permanent or
ganization, wherein he gave the reasons
for the organizing of the league and the
work it expected to .accomplish.
The California Historical Landmarks
League held its second meeting last night
in Balboa Hall, Native Sons' Building on
Mason street, for the purpose of incor
porating and electing directors.
The object of the league is the preserva
tion and restoration of the landmarks of
the State, notably the old missions and
for fostering the study of Californian his
tory in the schools of California with the
hope of ultimately sustaining a chair of
California History in the University of
California.
New League Holds Meeting, Adopts
By-Laws and Fixes the • v
Monthly Dues.
WILL PRESERVE HISTORIC
CALIFORNIA LANDMARKS
At the close of the lecture the audience
rose and sang the American and English
national anthems.
During the evening H. H. Barnhart
sang "Danny Deever," "After Philadel
phia In the Mornin 1 " and "The Lass
From Donegal." Miss Ruby Hart render
ed "Irish Folk Song" and Mrs. Newbegin,
Isle of Shamrock."
The Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, rector
of Trinity Church, gave a most interest
ing lecture last night to a crowded house
at the Academy of Sciences, under the
auspices of the British and American
Union, with William Greer Harrison in
the chair. . ¦
The lecture was made the more inter
esting by streopticon views, which car
ried his audience along with the speaker
to many beautiful spots in the north of
Ireland. The' lectu»e was interspersed
with many droll stories. The lecturer
gave short autobiographies of Lord Rob
erts and Lord Kitchener. He told of the
great names these two men had made for
themselves and of the splendid manner in
which Lord Kitchener had conducted the
war and the peace operations as a grand
finale. Some splendid views were shown
of Donegal, Belfast and the Giant's
Causeway.
Generals and Tells Many-
Good Stories.
Dr. Clampett Talks of Erin's Great
LECTURER SHOWS
' SCENERY OF IRELAND
Because of this it is deemed expedient
by Mrs. Emily Runyon Earl to see how
much weight the clergyman's words and
actions carry in the exclusive set. Ac
ceptances to the 500 invitations she has
sent out for the entertainment to-morrow
night in the Hotel Angelus will tell the
tale, and doubtles3 will convey to the
Christ Church pastor, a significant hint
that his sentiment on divorces and his
decision concerning divorcees are not
final.
Rev.- Mr. Dowling officiated at the mar
riage of Edwin J. Earl, the millionaire
fruit man and newspaper owner. There
fore, It is argued by syne, tho Rev. Mr.
Ijowling, by this action, practically made
it appear that, whatever was the cause
of the divorce of Edwin J. Earl and
Emily Runyon Earl, the husband was
the innocent principal.
Not long ago the Rev. George Thomas
Dowling of Christ Episcopal Church in
a symposium on the subject, "Divorce,"
paid thai he would never consent to mar
iy a divorced person unless ha were con
vinced that the person was the innocent
party to the divorce suit. • ---.,¦ - ,~
LOS ANGELES, June 4.— Los Angeles is
agog over a function that Is to occur to
morrow night. The affair is designed to
test how far the uttered dictum of a
clergyman shall dominate uppertendom.
The hostess-to-be is a woman of charm
ing personality, wealth and unimpeach
od social standing, but she will give this
entertainment to determine just where
she stands in the highest social circles
of the Angel City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Earl Resents a Re
mark Concerning
Divorcees.
Among the features that the merchants
will provide for the entertainment of
those whom they visit and for their own
pleasure is a glee club to be led by San
ford Bennett. The route will take in both
sides of the Sacramento Valley and also
a part of the San Joaquin valley, includ
ing Stockton. The places to be visited are
Stockton, Sacramento,. Oroville, MaryS
vllle, Chico. Vina^pfpd/. Bluff, Redding.
Corning, Orland, Willows, -Colusa, Wood
land and Vacaville. Arrangements have
been made in all these places to greet the
visiting business men, who are seeking in
formation concerning the needs and ad
vantages of the interior, .having In view
the promotion of the most friendly rela
tions by assisting as much as possible in
the development of the interior of the
State.
The California Promotion .Committee
has concluded air the arrangements for
•the excursion of. 1 business men of San
Francisco through the Sacramento Val
ley. The^special^train will start from
Oakland 'mole Friday afternoon, passen
gers taking.. the 12:30 boat from the foot
of Market street. The train will consist
of five Pullman cars, together with din
ing observation, composite and buffet
cars, with all the modern conveniences.
In short, it will be as fine as the Southern
Pacific Company can provide for the busi
ness men's accommodation and comfort.
The committee expresses the wish that
those who have booked for the tour but
have failed as yet to take up their tickets
shall do so at once.
Business Men Make Their Final Ar-
rangements ."to Extend Good
'•\ ~, Wishes to Interior.
CROSSES SWORDS
WITH CLERGYMAN
came to America,
his objective point
being ' Louisville.
Ky. For a while he
was engaged !n
business in a gen
eral store in Nash
ville, but with the news of the gold dis
coveries he resolved to set out for Califor
nia< and arrived here July 18, 1849. In 1851
he went to Sacramento and opened an ex
tensive grocery business, which he con
tinued for ten years.
In 1S61 he returned to San Francisco,
and from that time to 1S70 was a stock
broker with a seat in the "big board."
OREGON GOVERNORSHIP
NOT FOR THE DEMOCRATS
Corrected Returns Wipe Out the Ma
jority of Chamberlain
Over Furnish. V-v •>''•'
PORTLAND, Or., June 4.— Corrected re
turns up to 1 o'clock this morning give
Chamberlain (Dem.) for Governor a lead
of only eight votes over Furnish (Rep.).
No returns have been received from Cur
ry, Malheur and Harney counties. Iu
lfciiS these four counties gave Geer (Rep.)
for Governor a majority of 11C votes.
Rock Island Route Excursions
L?a\-e San Francisco every TVedne«day .and
Sunday, via, Rio Grande and Hock Island Rail
v/ayE, and via Lo« Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific ar.d
Rock Island Railways, for Omaha, Kansas
City. Chicago and all points East. For further
information address Clinton Jones. General
Agent Roc)t Island Railway. €24 Market et. •
COMBES MAY CONSENT
\ TO FORM A ¦ CABINET
France Will Probably
Be Retained.
Several of the Present Ministers of
PARIS, June 4.— It is understood that
to-morrow President Loubet will offer
Henri Brisson, Radical Republican and
former Premier, the task of forming a
new Cabinet, but in view of- Brisson's
expected determination not to form a
Cabinet nor to enter the new Ministry
the general expectation is that Combes,
member of the Senate fromCharente-In
ferieure, will be asked, to accept this mis
sion. ""';
Combes' ministry will probably include
the retention of Delcasse. General Andre
and Leygues, formerly Ministers of For
eign Affairs, War and Public Instruction,
respectively; the appointment of^Cruppi,
Republican member • of the Chamber of
Deputies and a well-known lawyer^ to the
post of Minister of Justice, and that of
Deputy Camille Pelletan, Radical Social
ist, as Minister of Marine.
McKenzie Musical Society Concert
The McKenzie Musical Society will give
its forty-third concert this evening in Odd
Fellows' Hall. The programme consists
of twelve numbers. The leading singers
in the society will render solos and the
organization will render F.ongs in unison
FORT DE FRANCE," Martinique. June
4. S a. m.— Professor Angelo Heilprin,
president of the Philadelphia Geographic
al Society, who is here for the National
Geographical Society, came into Fort Oe
France last night from his explorations
of the crater on the summit of Mont
Pelee. The following important points
have been settled by Professor Hcilprin*
The location of the new crater has been
accurately detrmind. It is positively
known that there has been no overflow of
molten matter from the lip of the crater.
There has been no subsidence ¦ of the
mountain and the height of Mont Pelee
is unchanged. The crater does not con
tain a cinder cone, there has been no
oatuclysm and no topographical altera
tion of the country. Tnte period of violent
eruptions has probably ended, although
the volcano may continue to be quite ac
tive for a long time to come.
Referring to his expedition Professor
Heilprin said to-day:
' "May 31 we made our ascent of the vol
cano. The party consisted of Mr. Led
better.and myself and three colored boys.
We were on muieback. At an altitude of
700 meters we began the ascent of the
airete. We passed along its east side and
slightly to the north of the mountain. We
arrived at the lip of the old crater and
former site of Lake Palmistfe at 11 o'clock.
Here it began raining. Rain clouds and
the clouds from the volcano enveloped us
and we could not see ten feet. A terrific
thunderstorm had begun and we sat on
the edge of the crater for borne time, spec
ulating whether the detonations we heard
were of thunder or from the volcano.
River Runs Boiling.
"As we afterward found the river Fal
laise to be boiling, the detonations were
probably volcanic. We could not tell how
near we were to the crater, as either from
local attraction or the electric conditions
our compass refused to work. Its vari
ation was about twenty degrees to the
eastward, but later we found that it acted
normally at the lip of the crater. We
finally groped our way down that awful
airete through gloomy clouds of rain and
amid great electric discharges. At every
step were dislodged the rain-soaked ashes
and we were in danger of being precipi
tated into the hideous gorges on either
side.
"The extreme top of the volcano is cov
ered with ashes, scoria, boulders and an
gular rocks, which had been ejected from
the crater. Further down the mountain
is covered with ashes and mud, and these
are thick on the airete. On our way
down we saw the river Fallaise rushing
along with great velocity, and full of
steam and mud.
"At Acier we met George Kennan and
his party and determined to attempt. a
second ascent the next day, June 1. The
ascent made this day with Kennan was
more trying and difficult than the one I
bad previously made with Ledbetter. The
day was intensely hot and it w r as raining.
When we reached the old crater it was
again enveloped in vapor. The tempera
ture of the basin of Lake Pa'miste, taken
three inches below the surface, was 124
degrees Fahrenheit. Between rifts in the
clouds or vapor we could see the crater.
Suddenly the vapor cleared away and we
made a dash forward. We reached the
edge of the new crater and from where
we stood we could have dropped stones
into the white hot mass within.
THE NEW CRATER.
"The new crater is a crevasse running
north and south and expanding into a
bowl. This crevasse ¦ nearly rifted the',
mountain. It runs transversely to:the old£
crater and might be called ¦ a huge gap. :
From it volcanic material had been freely j
erupted. * ;
"As we stood off the edge of the crater
a sublime spectacle began. I have some
conception of what is going on Inside the
earth, and have been a spectator of na
ture's secret interior works. We were as
sailed with noise. Far below there was a
hissing of steam like that of a thousand
locomotives, as well as violent detona
tions. The principal output of the crater
while we were there was steam. The phe
nomenon was limited and. was not essen
tially different from those of other vol
canoes in action. Positive assurance was
gained that no molten matter has flowed
over the lip of the new crater. Several
observations taken with the aneroid bar
ometer showed that the height of Mont
Pelee has not changed.
Regular $4.00 Shoes for $2.15.
The Bee Hive Shoe Company is selling
Indies' and men's $4 0u shoes for $2 15 at
the manufacturers' shoe sale, 717 Market
street, near Third. *
Bishop Brewster the President.
MIDDLETOX, Conn., June 4.— The al
umni association of Berkeley divinity
school to-day elected as president Bishop
Chauncey B. Brewster, and as honorary
vice-presidents Bishop Nichols of Cali
fornia, Bishop Wells of Spokane, Bishop
Moreland of Sacramento, and Bishop
Partridge of Kioto.
Murphy-Donovan Fight Is Off.
The proposed fight between Tim Murphy
and Mike Donovan, before the Acme Club,
Oakland, has been abandoned. Murphy
has malaria and cannot train.
HUNTINGDON ESTATE
SUES FOR A BIG SUM
Executors Seek to Recover Money
Said to Have Been
Loaned.
NEW YORK, June 4.— Arabella Hunt
ington and Charles H. Tweed, as execu
tors of the estate of Collis P. Huntington,
filed at White Plains to-day a notice of
suit against Sylvester H. Kneeland and
Isaac E. Gates to recover $700,000, which,
according to the papers, was lent by
Huntington to Kneeland. '
The complaint says that Huntington
loaned the money to Kneeland in 1891 on
property in Yonkers and Greenburg. Mrs.
Huntington says that no interest has been
paid, and she wants to foreclose the mort
gages.
Ten Millions for Improvement.
NEW YORK, June 4.— The directors of
he Union Pacific Railroad and Oregon
Short Line will meet in this city to-mor
row, and it is expected that E. H. Harri
man will submit important recommenda
'tions for extensions and improvements.
Detailed estimates' for the immediate ex
penditure of about $10,000,000 on Union Pa
cific and Central Pacific lines have been
prepared, and the Union Pacific directors
will be required to act upon Harriman's
ylans at once. . ¦ _ ¦- .-
BUILDING TRADES MEN
SAY BATTLE IS WON
Declare the , Contractors "Will Refuse
to Employ Brother Carpen
' tersv After July 1. .
The suspended district council of the
Brotherhood of Carpenters, which remains
loyal to the Building Trades Council in
its fight against the local unions of the
brotherhood, met last night and consid
ered reports from the agents of the coun
cil. : .' ; -¦¦•¦¦ ;--¦ ¦'¦¦ ¦ ¦
President . McCarthy of the '.-Building
Trades Council, who attended the meet
ing, stated that the .cause of the building
trades was progressing .favorably. He
announced that the contractors.: would
stand by the council in; the fight and.that
after the end of the month they would
refuse ' to employ carpenters who could
not show the working card of the build
ing trades, s The millmen also agreed to
do likewise. - , >
The brotherhood men declare that this
statement is false and. that the contract
ors would not take, the action pointed out
by McCarthy. The contradictory state
ments, issued by the contestants cloud the
issue materially arid it is impossible to
predict with certainty what the end of
the fiffht will be. -
The International Union of Steam En
gineers No. 64. met last night and nom
inated the following candidates for the
election to take place next .Wednesday
evening:
President, W. J. .Holman; vice president. C.
A. Lovle; recording: secretary. Irving P. Hcn
nlng-; financial secretary, John P. Nelson. and
L.. H. Honlgbaum; treasurer, A. H. Swell;
conductor, James A. McLaughlin; guard,' Wil
liam Kilbury; trustee, John- P.-. Magee; audit
ors — C. P. Bockins, I. O. . Crosscup, G. W.
Gardner; delegates to the Labor Council— A. H.
Ewoll and John P. Nelson; delegate to the In
ternational convention which meets in Septem
ber, A. H. Ewell; alternate, John P. Magee.
The Union met In B'nai
B'rith Hall' last night and ; nominated of
ficers to be voted for at the election to
be held on the 18th instant.
The Retail Shoe Clerks' Protective As
sociation, last ' night elected the following
officers: : . President, James B. Cunning
ham; vice president, James T. Jorgensen;
financial secretary, E. A. Levey; treas
urer, Walter Carter; delegates to the La
bor Council, J. K. Jones, James B. Cun
ningham, G. Windrem.
. SPOKANE, June I.— Efforts are tffelng made
to perfect a union organization of telegraph
operators of the . # Great Northern Railway.. The
purpose ict said 'to be to obtain an advance
in wages. ',;> . V .-.^V-
TOUR. OF SACRAMENTO
VALLEY BEGINS FRIDAY
Since then he has been engaged in the
hide, fur. and general commission busi
ness. He is senior member of the firm
of Louis Sloss & Co., second: vice presi
dent, of the Alaska r Commercial . Com
pany, and prominently identified with
other corporations. ¦. . ' ¦
He married in Philadelphia on July 19,
1855, and has a family of four sons and
daughters.
LOUIS SLOSS, PROMINENT COMMERCIAL MAN
WHO DIED EARLY THIS MORNING AT HIS
HOME IN SAN RAFAEL. ., . . , -,
Last evening a reception was tendered
to the grand officers and delegates in the
social hall of the Alcazar Building The-e
were about 300 present, and after a gen
eral introduction there was a programme
o". music and vaudeville numbers between
dances. The contributors were Tracie
Margo, Master Margo < and Miss Peck,
Miss Wesser and little Gladys Cordy
During the noon recess New Century
Circle gave a sumptuous lunch to its dele
gates, • Mesdames Zelssing, Beversen,
Lemme and Drendel. To this were invited
all the grand officers and an hour was
spent at tne festal board. There were no
speeches and the only unusual event was
the presentation by Companion Mrs. Wil
kins of a bunch of flowers to. each of th«
delegates.
To-night there will be a banquet to the
officers and delegates.
At the last held session a committee
was appointed to prepare a set of resolu
tions thanking Companion Ernest C.
Stock for personal. services to the order.
Yesterday the chairman of the committee,
Mrs. Emma A. Harrington, announced
that after due consideration it had been
decided to substitute for the proposed res
olutions something that might be more
useful, and then, on behalf of the Grand
Circle, she presented to the companion a
set of silver backed brushes, appropriately
engraved and every piece bearing his
monogram.
A law. was adopted authorizing a small
per capita tax to provide entertainment
for grand officers and delegates, i
There was also taken up the report of
the special committee appointed at the
previous session to revise the constitu
tion.* Eighty -eight changes were recom
mended and nearly all were" adopted, the
majority being to rub off rough edges in
the construction of sentences.
BEVISION OF CONSTITUTION.
In the afternoon the rest of the report
was read and the reports of the other of
ficers were presented and referred, to
gether with that of the grand chief, to
the committee on distribution.
The report of Grand Representative Mrs.
L. Atwdod, who returned to this city as
supreme subchlef companion, -was also
presented and read, after which that of
ficial was escorted out of the room and re
turned for presentation to the grand body
as a supreme officer, when she was re
ceived with the honor due her rank. She
gracefully acknowledged the compliment.
She recommends that circles instituted
within sixty days of the meeting of the
Grand Circle be allowed delegates in the
grand body; that the office of the grand
financial secretary be located in this city;
that to prevent wholesale withdrawals
from circles no more than six withdrawal
cards be granted during any one month;
that the work of organization be contin
ued; that there be no reduction of the
per capita tax; that the Grand Circle pro
vide for the entertainment of delegates
and grand officers at" Grand Circle ses
sions; that, the order establish boards of
relief; that an instituting officer be al
lowed a reasonable sum to meet inci
dental expenses incurred in the work )t
organizing; that a funeral fund be cre
ated; that boards of ~ deputies be estab
lished; that Memorial day be properly ob
served in all circles, and that the official
organ be encouraged;
The. grand chief pays a compliment to
The Call for notices of the doings of the
order, and also makes special mention of
the American Foresters' Review, the of
ficial organ, for notices and timely sug
gestions.
MAKES RECOMMENDATIONS.
, From this document it appears that the
order prospered during the last v year, 1134
new members ;haying been initiated, but
there was a loss of a considerable-num
ber by reason qt suspensions for non-pay
ment of dues. The grand officer suggests
that the various circles of the order as
certain the cause^of each suspension, not
nWely that the member has not paid
dues, but the exact reason for non-pay-c
ment, and report the. r.ame to the execu
tive-council. During her term she paid
official visits to twenty-four of the forty
five-circles,-.the other circles being of
ficially visited by Grand Sub-Chief Mrs.
H. Worms, Grand Treasurer "Mrs. Kemp
Van Ee, Grajid Recording Secretary Mrs.
L. Atwood, Grand Inner Guard Mrs. S. E.
Ellis and Past. Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. ~ Emma i A. Harrington. During the
term three new -'circles were instituted,
one at Vallejo,. one at Oakland and one at
Soledad. One circle at Nevada City and
one at Chico were reinstated. " *
All the delegates and the grand officers
.were^present at roll call, and after these
had, been seated the morning sessiou wa3
taken up in the reading of the minutes
of the previous session at the request of
one: of the delegates, and a reading of a
part of the report of the grand chief com
panion, a most exhaustive "document.
¦ The' fifteenth annual session of the Com
panions of the Forest of America opened
in .Foresters' Hall,, in the Alcazar build
ing, yesterday morning, with Grand Chief
Companion Miss Alice Ticoulet in ; the
chair.
At the last meeting of the push County
Committee Burns and Kellj^ Joining
forces, defeated the Herrin and Crlmmins
candidate for secretary and elected Clif
ford McClellan. There is a rumor in politi
cal circles that Crimmlns has captured a
few of the Burns men, with the assistance
of Herrin and Lynch, and will endavor
at the next meeting to oust Burns' man
McClellan and put in Pat Prendergast,
who was defeated at the former meeting
Burns is said to be so thoroughly dis
gusted with the whole machine fight
that he will not interfere to protect the
works. It is doubtful if the committee
can develop sufficient strength to organ
ize one district club under the immedi
ate auspices of the so-called governing
body of the local Republicans. It would
surely be a piece of folly for the Election
Commission to recognize this boss-cov
ered relic of the last campaign as the
legal governing body of the party in San
Francisco.
"The powers of the government of the
State of California shall be divided into
three separate departments— the legisla
tive, executive and judicial; and no per
son charged with the exercise of powers
properly belonging to one of these depart
ments shall exercise any functions ap
pertaining to either of the others, except
as in this constitution expressly directed
or permitted."
It 5s no idle prophecy to assert that the
rext Legislature will order an investiga
tion of San Quentin prison, and if the
Governor, whoever he may be, attempts to
interfere in the legislative department to
stifle the inquiry the people will be heard
from. The next time a Governor attempts
to bluff the Legislature he will be called.
Section 1, article III, of- the constitution,
is still operative. It reads:
The Legislature wisely sought to pro
tect the taxpayers of the State in trans
actions bearing upon the investment at
State funds in county bonds and there
fore passed a bill providing that the State
Treasurer should be consulted. Gage,
perhaps fancying that the measure re
flected on the financial integrity of him
eelf and the Honorable Daniel Kevane.
objected to the bill. The result of his ob
jection is obvious. A majority of State
Senators at first believed that the tax
payers would be benefited if a committee
of five hold-over members of the Senate
Fhould look into Aguirre's management
of San Quentin prison. Gage did not care
to have the Aguirre method of prison
mar.ageme-nt investigated. The —fearless"
Governor fought the proposition to In
vestigate. The result of his opposition Is
now obvious.
Signals of distress, are flying In the
camp of the bosses. The push politicians
are wondering what will happen next.
Their only remaining hope is that Gage
will emerge from the cloud of scandal
caused by the suspicious Kern County
fcnnd purchase and the shameful manage
ment of San Quentin prison affairs. The
Governor at last accounts was at San
Quentin investigating. The people de
nj&r.d investigation. It is now generally
regretted throughout the State that Sen
ator Belshaw's resolution providing for a
committee of five hold-over Senators to
Investigate the prisons during the recess
of the Senate was not allowed to stand.
Governor Gage interfered in the work of
the legislative branch of the State gov
ernment and insisted that the resolution
should be rescinded and the Senate did
v&te to rescind.
A Philadelphia Geographer
Makes Ascent to the
Crater.
Scheme to Oust McClettan,
the Secretary of County
Committee.
Ilecommendations by Grand
Chief Companion — Pres
; , entation
Louis Sloss was
b^rn in Bavaria,
Germany, on July
13, 1S32. When 15
years of age he
LOUIS SL-OSS.
one of the most,
widely known
business men rtn
the Pacific Coast,
died early this morn
ing at his home in
San Rafael. Death
resulted from - a
complication of dis
eases from which
the deceased suffer
ed for some time, be
ing confined to his
bed for the last
week. .
When death over
took him, the as
ceased was sur
rounded by his fam^
ily, his son, Judge
M. C. Sloss, going
to San Rafael early
yesterday when, he
learned that his
father was near
death. Though not
altogether unexpect
ed, the death of
Louis Sloss will be
a great shock to his
many friends and a
great loss to the
commercial world.
Volcano Show3 No Loss
From the Great
Eruption.
Bond and Prison Scan
dals Depress the
Push Forces.
Companions of Forest of
America in Annual
Session.
Prominent Commercial Man Succumbs to Compli
cation of Diseases at San Rafael Home,
PELEE'S HEIGHT
IS UNCHANGED
MAKE CHANGES
IN OLD LAWS
DISTRESS FLAG
IS BOSS CAMP
DEATH CLOSES EVEN TFUL
CAREER OF LGUIS SLOSS
xn^ pAihi FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JJJNE 5, 1902.
2
johh j. nn/rou" co.
AT/)r4
In Germany
Drift's Disease and Diabetes
Arc Positively Curable.
Recent recoveries in this city Include two
physicians and two prominent city druxzisu,
and they will be glad to confirm the facts to
inquiring physicians.
To physicians and Interested parties ws
would like to submit the corresoondance that
Elves the particulars ot a recent Important
test ir. Germany. T»e facts are these: One of
the test cases of Bright' s Disease, upon which
this coroorattcn decided to announce to th«
world tbat Brtxht's Disease and Diabetes ara
curable, was under the observation of a Ger-
man Dhyslclan temporarily 6a this coast.' To
his amazement the patient, although In ex-
tremis, recovered. The doctor announced to us
his determination to take the matter up in his
practice on his return to Germany and demon-
strated hl3 earnestness by ordering several
dozen of the compound sent to his home ad*
dress In one of the large German cities.
On January 31st last he wrote us that he
was going to make a very Important test; that
he had taken a patient, an officer of one of t& 9
large Hamburg steamship lines, out of one of
the famous German hospitals and put him in *
private hospital on the Fulton. Compound; that
the patient had been twice tapped and his
case had been slven up as hopeless.
We have . now & letter from the doctor l n *
closing a check for another shipment and an-
nouncing that the patient is recovering.
We Invite refutable physicians to come M
cur office and confirm these facts.
Medical works agree that Brisht's Disease
and Diabetes are Incurable, but 87 per cent
are positively recovering under the Fulton
Compounds. Dropsy, Bladder Trouble, Rheu-
matism from uric acid and the minor kidney
diseases are soon relieved. Price. U i° r
Bright" a Disease and $1 80 for Diabetic Com-
pound. Free tests made for patients. De-
scriptive pamphlets mailed free. Call or ad-
dress John 3. Fulton Co., Mills building. Mont-
gomery street. San Francisco.
How to buy furniture
and carpets
without ready
money
o- .
We will loan you the money for a regular banking
rate of interest — six per cent. And you can pay us
back little by little in unfelt amounts. Then you can
go to one of the. first-class furniture stores, with whom
we have made special arrangements, where the stock is
big, and fresh and where satisfaction is certain, and
when you have made your selection you can pay your
bill in full with good, hard cash.
Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
and being compelled to select your goods from smaller
and 'inferior stocks? y
The installment stores charge you ten per cent
above their cash prices when you ask for long credit.
All you pay us is six per cent
Fcr example: If your purchases amount to $100.00
we will charge you $106.00— which is a six per cent
advance: then you pay us $20.00 cash and the balance
. in monthly payments amounting to $8.60 each month.
If your purchases amount to $75.00 we will charge you
$/9-53; you. make us a cash payment on this of $15.00
and pay the balance at the easy rate of $6.45 .per
month.
You save four per cent. You have the great privi-
lege of buying in a first-class store, and yet you get
all the advantages of the easy payment plan as offered
" ., by the installment houses!
No amount of money is too small for us to loan.
Worth looking into, don't you think?
< i- .. ' _ . — ; : — — — ¦ ¦ ••_'•
Govid, Sullivan g Co..
(REMOVED TO)
Room 1403 "Call" Bvildmg,
Tel. John 2336. Corner Market and Third Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of the United States Treasury Recom-
mends Pe-ru-na.
¦ -X*~~ • • — »
The Women Also Recom- ;| ~^^TJ
m?nd Jre-rti~n«i» J , »
Miss Blanch Grey, 174 Alabama street. 1 *
Memphis, Tenn., a society woman of | *
"To a society woman, whose nervous • * . ' '
force is often taxed to the utmost from ,,
lack of rest and irregular meals, I know » _^^ wf^s^i
of nothing which is of so much benefit as n 3«&k .^gpsS^^ vl^iiS?
Peruna, I took it a few months ago when n (iffw /}&%2>$ir ft$^4
I Xelt my strength giving away and It . 2"7 f'lf^i '
soon made itself manifest In giving me ( J « vk/J , <
new strength and health."— Miss Blanch , I &»**&, M ' '
Mrs. X. Schneider, 2409 Thirty-seventh ¦ ' \fr^^^^^^^^f
place. Chicago, 111, writes: A\\ '¦
"After taking several remedies with- V&^W$^Sm KWW\
out result, I began last year to take your < Wc^lMar I Mv\
valuable remedy, Peruna. I was a com- ., wKHraT /'[rcK>5\
plete wreck. Had palpitation of the T^ESffi^figjT y/V '^^ '
heart, cold hands and feet, female weak- 0Mf/J$8< VX^" /[ J"kiL
ness, no appetite, trembling, sinking feel- " %g|ig§JEtft\. Uj^sV'J/WJftfS. N
ing nearly all the time. You said I was | &^llPSl^^L^^^^j^^SM^k
suffering with systemic catarrh, and I be- *\ I MwS^"^.?^S!^i^l/wSPOT
iieve that I received your help in the nick a \\^\\\V^$^®^S^//Of^^ !
of lime. I followed your directions care- » Mll^^^NS^^Si^ [// 7^
fully and can say to-day that I am well < ¦"/ //
agate. I cannot thank you enouglufor my j D r. Llewellyn Jordan. ;
Peruna cures catarrh wherever located. , __________________^ i
Peruna is not a guess nor an experiment— ,, \*~~< ,
it is an absolute scientific certainty. [ |
Peruna has no substitutes— no rivals. In- -«»««»««¦»«» «••»•«»»« . . « »
sist upon having Peruna. j-^ j^ LLEWELLYN JORDAN, Medi-
A fnaa hnnlr mn'ti+on ha tin Ur, nf LJ cal Examiner of the United States
A tree OOOfC written Oy Ur. Hart- J-^ Trea sury Department, graduate of
man, on the subject of Catarrh in its Columbia College and who served three
jx a 1 j j. -it l years at "West Point, has the following to
different phases and stages, will be | a y of Peruna:
sent free to any address by The "/How me to express my gratitude
Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio, to you for the benefit derived from
Catarrh is a systemic disease curable your wonderful remedy. One short
only by systemic- treatment. A remedy _.«« ;,, (.«¦,. W «/niM « vn^ /i(«>..
that cures catarrh must aim directly at month has brought torth a vast change
the depressed nerve centers. This Is what and I now Consider my Self a Well man
Peruna does. , ' _
If you do not derive prompt and satis- after months Of suffering. FellOW-
factory results from the use of Peruna ...ffamp r <t Pftrunn will eura vnu "
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a sunerers, reruna win cure you.
full statement of your case, and he will Peruna immediately invigorates \hm
be Dleased to give you his valuable ad- nerve centers which give vitality to th«
vice eratis. mucous membranes. Then catarrh dis-
• Address Dr. Hartman, President of The appears. Then catarrh Is permanently
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio. cured.
- . --.-->¦. • 7- ¦*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
People Who Realty
7 "J T-know "-what Honest
. • : Whiskey is, 'will use
RS5^ only STRAIGHT-
Jgl : We are selling both
||gB American and Scotch,
ifjO that we- know to be
\ M3i ST"K4I.GHT, and we
1 EsSS^A have" "no \, reason .to
X/<?^\\. complain . of the pub-
/r c \$rw) y M lic :, ap P reciation -
j»Um.AMrr»Juivff«L V_jvJj 3 J
uoidcroW — ¦
feP3 GROW
{"Si* :0:*>:;*-Ei
.^ «iwv..«.. jj; .was awarded a Gold
Medal; at Paris. 1000.
B>. KlhK&CO., SolsBoitlers, % V
SOLE DISTRIBUTORS.
; San Francisco, Cal. ¦ •
NEW AD VEBTISEMENTS:
HERPICTDE'S ' MISSION.
New ; Remedy That . Destroys the
> Dandruff Germs.
•Nothing is more annoying to men or wo-
men of middle age when they notice that
their hair is growing thinner, when they
must admit that the first indications of
baldheadedness have- commenced to ap-
pear. Many would give a thousand dol-
lars and more for a remedy, with which to
preserve their natural headdress. How-
ever, they don't need to. Newbj-o's Her-
piclde removes the effect of dandruff by
destroying the cause, the only dandruff
cure that actually destroys the dandruff
germ.
Live in a Trunk? r
Yes— ir you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any/dealer or apply to
J. MARTY, Man'SV,
826 Hyward 6t., S. F."WIDOW AND DAUGHTER, WHOSE DEATH FROM ILLUMINATING GAS, AT 905% MISSION STREET, WAS THE
RESULT OF THE MURDEROUS AND SUICIDAL ACT OF THE MOTHER, WHO, WEARIED OF LIFE'S
BUFFETING, DECIDED TO QUIT THIS WORLD.
Caldwell as that of a young girl who had
been brought to her last July by a man
whose name or description she refused to
give. She said he made arrangements for
the girl to board, and she remained there
until Tuesday last, visiting her mother,
Mrs. Jensen, once aweek. On June 1 she
began her vacation term from school, ana
two days following left Mrs. Fulton's
house to spend a week with her mother.
Mrs. Fulton admitted knowing the iden
tity of the man who paid the child's
board, but she refused to answer when
asked if it were Jacobson. She said she
understood Mrs. Jensen had been divorced
from her last husband.
The bodies of mother and daughter are
at the Morgue awaiting the investigation
of the Coroner's jury.
SAN JOSE. June 4. — The postofflce In Mount
ain View was entered tiy burglars last nlffht
and $100 in money and about $700 In stamps
stolen.
SAN JOSE, June 4.— Rev. H. Melville
Tenney, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, was seriously injured while
riding a bicycle in the Normal square,
and is now confined to a bed in St. Luke's
Hospital. While riding at a rapid pace in
the dark he ran into a post and was
thrown to the ground and against the
post with great force. He was badly in
jured in the side and back.
Clergyman Hurled From Bicycle.
Wednesday, June 4.
Star Del Norte, Green, 30 hours from Cres
cent City; bound for San Pedro; put In to land
Stmr Coos Bay. Glelow, 70 hours from Sao
Pedro and way ports.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed Juno 4 — Stmr City of To
peka. for Skajrway; stmr City of Seattle, for
Arrived June 4 — Stmr Bertha, from Valdez;
Btmr Eureka, from Honolulu; etmr Grace- Dol
lar, from San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived June 4 — Ger steamship
Mathor, from Hamburg; stmr Queen, from San
Francisco; stmr Charles Nason, from Alaska.
Sailed June 4 — Stmr City of ToDeka. for
PORTLAND — Arrived June 4 — Stmr Colum
bia, from San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEN'D — Arrived June 4 — Ger
bark Vlsuncls. from Port Blakeley, for Val
paraiso. F ORE.IGN PORT. '> ' ' .
"VICTORIA. B C— Arrived June 4 — Stmr
Princess May, from west coast.
Late Shipping- Intelligence.
ARRIVED
COLUMBIA, Mo., June 4.— The Univer
sity of Missouri to-day at its commence
ment exercises bestowed the honorary de
gree of LL. D. upon Samuel L. Clemens
("Mark Twain") and the Hon. James A.
¦Wilson, Secretary of Agriculture. Later.
Clemens, Secretary "Wilson and others
were the guests at a dinner given In their
honor by Dr. "Waters.
"University Honors Mark Twain.
The boilermakers did not learn the news
until about 10 o'clock this evening and
at once went Into conference to decide as
to what action they should take. At a
late hour they had not adjourned.
Each striker was served with written
notice from the head office of the railroad
company-in Los Angeles this afternoon to
the effect that he was discharged and
would not again be employed at this point.
Trouble is feared and a large number of
guards has been added to the force al
ready on duty at the ahopa^.
SAN BERNARDINO. Jun© 4.— The strike
situation at the Santa. Fe machine shops
in this city took a new turn this evening
and there is strong talk of trouble here.
Late to-night a carload of bollermakers
arrived from the East and will be set at
work in the morning, unless prevented by
the strikers. The men were held all day
at a little station on the desert so that
they might be brought into the city and
installed in the shops under the cover of
darkness. It is said that another carload
is on the way from the East and will ar
rive here sometime to-morrow night.
SDeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Santa Fe to Replace
the San Bernardino
Strikers.
IMPORTS FORCE
OF EASTERN MEN
The same signs of rejoicing were wit
nessed throughout the Rand. Flags were
displayed- everywhere and thanksgiving
services were held in all the towns.
Lord Kitchener's address to the Boer
delegates at Vereeniging, in which the
commander in chief said that if he had
been one of them he would have been
proud to have done so well in the field as
they had done, made the best possible
impression/ and drew forth a hearty re
sponse from General Beyers, the chair
man of the Boer conference, who ex
pressed the pleasure the Boers expe
rienced at meeting Lord Kitchener as a
friend, adding that they had fought so
long against him that they had acquired
full appreciation of his worth.
The departure of the Boer commanders
from Vereeniging for their various dis
tricts was marked by remarkable scenes
of fraternization. The trains conveying
the Boers started late, and the night be
ing extremely cold the -sentries along the
railroad track lighted huge bonfires,
around which groups of Boers and Brit
ons gathered, forming a highly pictur
esque scene. The late opponents joined in
such songs as "Hard Times Come Again
No More" and "Old Folks at Home," the
British soldiers and the burghers outvy
ing one another in demonstrations of Joy.
In brief, the scenes' at the departure of
the trains resembled nothing so much as
the starting of huge picnic parties.
FRIENDS OF KITCHENER.
The ballot of the Boers at Vereenlgirg
resulted In 554 votes in favor of surrender
and six against it. The Boer delegates,
who during the peace negotiations were
stiff, formal and unfriendly, are now ex
tremely cordial. All the commandants
are returning to their commandoes In or
der to explain the situation.
PRETORIA, June 4.— Generals Botha
and Delarey and other Boer leaders will
start for Europe' shortly for the purpose
of raising funds for the»distressed burgh
ers. General Schalk-Burger, who was act
ing president of the Transvaal, joined
General Botha in addressing an open let
ter to the burghers. After referring to
the courage which they had displayed and
to their brave deeds in the field he called
on them to work together for the social
and spiritual advancement of the country.
General Botha remarked relative to the
termination of the war:
"It is the happiest day of my life since
I left school." c
The Boers do not anticipate the least
difficulty in bringing in the various com
mandoes. The work of returning the men
to their wives, children and farms will,
however, be heavy and difficult. It is im
possible to send them straight to the veldt.
It is absolutely necessary, at this time
of the year, to have warm shelter, and
wooden huts have already been ocdered
from Cape Town to be delivered in sec
tions for each family. Those who are un
able to return to their former avocations
will be temporarily supported by the Gov
ernment.
APPEAL FOB BOERS.
In the House of Commons the Govern
ment leader, A. J. Balfour, presented a
message from «King Edward as follows:
"His Majesty, the King, in considera
tion of the eminent services rendered by
Lord Kitchener and being desirous In
recognition of such service to confer on
him some signal mark of his favor, recom
mends that he, the King, should be en
abled to grant Lord Kitchener £50,000."
John Dillon, William Redmond and
Swift McNelll, Irish Nationalists, an
nounced their intention of opposing the
grant at every stage. A resolution re
plying to his Majesty's message will be
discussed to-morrow.
Almost all the morning newspapers In
London comment upon the grant of £a0,
000 to Lord Kitchener a3 unnecessari»y
niggardly. The report that Kitchener will
come home for the coronation Is Incorrect.
He still has much to do in South Africa
and it is not likely that he will leave there
before the middle of July. The South
African commands will then be diveded.
General Lyttleton taking charge of the
Transvaal and the Orange River Colony
and General Ian Hamilton .relieving Gen
eral French in command of the force in
Cape Colony.
LONDON, June 4.— It was announced
this morning that- Lord Kitchener had
been created a Viscount by King Edward.
He has also been advanced to the rank
of general.
Boer Officers Compliment
the Heroic Work of
Their Men.
A woman who gave the name of Mrs.
Fulton and said she resided at 316 Court
land- avenue called at the Morgue last
night and identified the body of Bernice
Outside of Jacobson, Mrs. Jensen Is not
known' to have had any friends. Her
landlady, Mrs. Heine, understood she was
employed in a ladies' tailoring establish
ment, but further than this could give no.
information. . .
BODIES ARE IDENTIFIED.
of the First Unitarian Church. Besides
this was a letter from James Caldwell.
of Hamilton, Ont., written to his sister
Bernice, who was the dead child. These
children.'are the fruit of the dead. woman's
first marriage. ' ¦
Besides these and a number of photo
graphs were two promissory notes for $100
each and a poll tax receipt made out in
favor of Oscar Jacobson. Jacobson Is a
pastry cook at the Occidental Hotel and
has been on excellent terms with Mrs.
Jensen for a long time. They were much
together and were said to be engaged.
Jacobson could not, be found, last night,
but when he is he will probably be able
to shed some light on the cause of the
tragedy.
British Commander Is
Made a Viscount and
i a General.
Mrs* Jennie Jensen Turns On the Gas in Her Room and Lies Down
by Her Innocent Child to Await the Call of Death-
WEARY OF LIFE, SHE ASPHYXIATES
HERSELF AND SLEEPING DAUGHTER
PEACE BRINGS
KITCHENER HONOR
SAN BERNARDINO, June 4.— John Cloutts.
a Quarryroan. was fatally Injured to-day at
Victor by the explosion of a can of powder
which he was removing from the vicinity of a
blast about to be discharged. ;T
and Whirler in a Handicap
for Two-Year-Olds.
NEW YORK, June 4. — Gravesend results:
First race, high-weight handicap, about six
furlongs — Smart Set won, Eddie Busch second,
Grail third. Time, 1:11 1-5.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles. sell-
Ing — Ethics won. Jim Tully second, Caithness
third. Time, 1:48%.
Third race, handicap, two-year-olds, five fur
longs — Artvis won, Onatus second, Whirler
third. Time, 1:00 4-5.
Fourth race.' the Gassell stakes, for three
year-olds, one and a sixteenth miles — Blue Girl
won. Par Excellence second, Hanover Queen
third. Time, 1:49 3-5.
Fifth race, flVe furlongs, selling — Mackey
J>wyer -won. Colonel Tyler second, Makeda
third. Time, 1:01 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards — Hln
dred won, Courney second. Goldsby third. Time,
1:43 3-5.
ST. LOUIS, June 4. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, five furlongs, selling — Ed Layson
•won. Maltoferin second, Goudy third. Time,
1:04%.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Terra
Incognito won, Joe Lesser second, Macon third.
Time, 1:31%.
Third race, Blx furlongs, selling— Little Mas
ter won. Herods second, Boodler third. .Time,
1:17%. .
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles — Jor
dan won. Terra Flnna second. Little Scout
third. Time, 1:68.
Fifth race, one and a fourth miles, selling —
South Breeze won, Deloralne second, Love's
Labor third. Time. 2:13%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Censor won, Kit
ty G second. Curd Gillock third. Time, 1:31.
CHICAGO. June 4. — Harlem results:
First race, four and a half furlongs — Pluck
won. Farmer Jim second. Topsail third. Time.
:58 3-5.
Second race, seven furlongs — Wyeth won,
Marcos second. Inspector Shea third. Time,
1:34 2-5.
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Ffcr
rell won, Dick Furber second, Dagmar third.
Time, 3:45 2-5. •
Fourth race, six furlongs — Stuyve won, Bo
ney Boy second, Ilarner third. Time, 1:18 4-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Pirate's Queen,
won. Henry of Franstamar second. The Mor
mon third. Time. 1:33 4-5.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles— Satin
Coat won. Compass second, Rasselas third.
Time, 2:17%.
CINCINNATI. June 4.— Latonla results:
First race, seven furlongs — Faraday won,
Russian second, Meggs third. Time, 1:30
Second race, five furlongs — Flash of Night
won, March Lioness second. Lady Phllura
third. Time, 1:03%.
Third race, six furlongs — Carey Hope won.
Cardome second. Tuckapaw third. Time, 1:15^6.
Fourth race, one mile — Scortle won. Baffled
second, Glinser third. Time, 1:42.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Firing Line won,'
Judge Durnell second, Blrchwood third. Time,
1:15%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— St. Hera won,
Ocone« second. Rice third. Time, 1:28%.
Green Morris' Colt Leads Out Onatus
ARTVIS IS A WINNER
AT GRAVESEND TRACK
John T. Woolley Prohably Fatally
Injured by a Los Angeles
Street Car.
IX)S ANGELES,' June i.— John T. Wool
ley, formerly of Sa'n Francisco, was
struck by a street car shortly before noon
to-day and perhaps fatally Injured. In
crossing Spring street, between First and
Second, he became, confused and In at
tempting to* avoid on© car was knocked
down by another going in the opposite
direction. In falling he struck on the
back of his head and the force of the
blow rolled his body for sixty feet In front
of the car. The injured man was taken
to the Receiving Hospital and later to the
California Hospital, where he lies In a
precarious condition.
FORMER SAN FRANCISCAN
VICTIM OF AN ACCTDENT
DECLARES THE STREET
RAILWAY A . NUISANCE
Santa Rosa's Council Will Revoke the
Franchise of the Central
Company.
SANTA ROSA, June 4.— The franchise
end right- to use the streets of this city
which are at present traversed by the
Central Street Railway Company Is about
to be revoked by the Common Council.
At the meeting last night an ordinance
was Introduced by Councilman King and
passed its first reading declaring that
the company had forfeited its franchise
and that the railway lines are nuisances.
The action by the j Council Is said to
have been taken because the company
which controls the railways allowed the
roadbed to get below the official grade of
the streets and refused to keep It In
repair; also because flat rails were
not supplied and a regular time schedule
was not 'kept. The ordinance will be
given a second reading and final passage
at the meeting of the Council on
Juno 17.
The president of the company, J. H.
Brush, has announced his intention to
appear before the Common Council and
confer with It. He expresses surprise > at
the action taken and claims the company
has expended much money in an endea
vor to keep the property up to the re
quired standard.
COURT'S RULHTG GOES .
AGAINST THE STATE
Indications That AH Coyote Scalp
Claims Will Have to
Be Paid.
SACRAMENIO, June 4— Present Indi
cations are that all holders of ¦ coyote
scalp certificates, assigned or' otherwise,
, who have instituted proceedings against
the State, will obtain judgments In the
Superior Court for- the amounts sued for.
For the past three days the question as
to whether the certificates for scalps
should be admitted in evidence has been
argued before the court, and this, after
noon a ruling was made by Judge Joseph
W. Hughes admitting them in . evidence.
In concluding, his ruling Judge § Hughes
said: ;• ' "> ¦ '•';¦¦ ' ¦ . .
I reach this conclusion reluctantly, becauso
I believe that it will deny unto the State the
right to nrove that there was perjury hi mak
ing the affidavits suggested in the act, or that
some other fraud was practiced upon the board.
I feel that these certificates are proof of tha
killing- of the coyote . by the- party named In
the certificate; that he killed tae number there.
In stated, and that there Is /due to him the
amount therein stated,- and such certificate will
be admitted in evidence. ~
L.OS AXGELES. June 4. — Denial was mado
to-<iay of the Ftatement that Henry E. Hunt
lrsrton ha<i obtained an option to purchase the
J^os Ancel«?s Traction Company's street rail
road property.
One trunk among the scanty furniture of
the miserable room held the secret to the
woman's identity and a hint as to the pos
sible cause of her terrible deed.- A mar
riage certificate issued at Oakland In May,
1899, disclosed that as Mrs. Jennie Caldwell
she had been united in marriage to An
drew Jensen by the Rev. J. F. Sutherland
WAS TWICE MARRIED.
mother. The tip of the gas Jet was found
at the foot of the bed, where it had evi
dently been tossed. The keyhole and the
space between the bottom of the door and
the lintel had been, stuffed with rags to
prevent the escape of gas. There was no
note or word of farewell from the dis
heartened woman who had deliberately
planned to end her life and to take her
child with her into the unsolved beyond.
Every indication pointed to a deliberate
murder and suicide on the part of the
WEARY of life's buffeting, des
titue and probably the victim
of a romance the outcome of
which had ended In somber
disillusionment, Mrs. Jennie
Jensen turned on the gas in her room at
505% Mission street Tuesday night and
lay down upon the bed beside her sleep-
Ing child. When other lodgers broke into
the room at 11 o'clock yesterday morning
both bodies were cold in death.^ The
daughter, a pretty girl of thirteen, was
undressed and under the coverlets, but
the mother had laid down fully dressed to
await death.
In conclusion the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer said one of the first matters to
be considered was to determine how the
revenues derived from the mineral wealth
of the Transvaal could be allotted so as
to provide interest on a portion of the
war debt.
The Chancellor had grounds for hoping
that in the course of a few months large
garrisons in South Africa would prove un
necessary. He was glad to say he could
dispense with the additional £15,750,000
which he had asked for when the new
loan was authorized by the. House. He
said he proposed to continue the new
taxes for the present, but h© asks the
House to resume the sinking fund as the
best step toward re-establishing the credit
of the countrv.
The Chancellor said that the whole
£10,000,000 provided for in the budget for
the prosecution of the war would be
needed to effect the demobilization and
the transportation of the British troops
in South Africa; to move the Boer fam
ilies from the various concentration camps
and to furnish garrison for South Africa.
Reviewing the necessities of the situa
tion, now that the South African war Is
terminated, he said that the new taxes,
including the duty on grain, would be re
tained in order to raise the money re
quired, but if there is any surplus it will
be devoted to the redemption of part of
the national debt.
LOXDOX, June 4.— In the House of
Commons to-night the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach,
made his promised financial statement.
Hicks-Beach Makes His
Promised Financial
Statement.
The track was clear at 10 o'clock, the
Fteam crane, worked by Sacramento and
Dunsnruir crews, lifting the half-demol
ished engines and tender bodily out of the
crut. The bodies of White and Van Tas
pell were brought to Redding and Coron
«r Green and a jury found that death was
due to a wreck willfully caused by un
known persons.
Engineer White was 45 years of age
and rated as one of the most careful men
on the road. His body was taken to
Dunsmulr to-night to his widow and three
children. Fireman Van Tassel was 25
years old. He had a brother on a San
Francisco carline and another in Los An
geles. Efforts to reach them by wire have
proved futile.
Had the train been late It would have
l>een going at 50 miles an hour at this
point and many more must have been
killed.
Detective William Ahern, who came
from Sacramento with the wrecking train,
made a critical examination before be
ginning his work.
The switch lock was in place. The bolt
In the switch rod had been removed and
lay ten feet up the track, where the
wreckers had thrown it. The bolt nut
could not be found. The switch had been
pried open just slightly and the jar of
the first engine opened it wide for the
second one to take the siding.
Conductor Depangher ran forward,
climbed over the great pile of wrecked
machinery which blocked the track and
threw his light under the tender and
there beneath the twisted iron lay Engin
eer White, Squarely upon him was
pinned the crushed and lifeless body of
his fireman, Van Tassell. The broken end
of a steam pipe pressed close to White's
neck and a jet of escaping steam scalded
his face. His head was swaying in a
death agony.
The bodies could not be moved until
Borne hours later, when the steam crane
of the Sacramento wrecking crew lifted
the overturned tender. White's left arm
end Van Tassell' s right leg were severed.
WORK OF THE WB.ECKEBS.
Engineer Denny Freel and Fireman Sam
uel Miller of the second engine were
hurled out upon the embankment unhurt.
Not one of the trainmen or passengers
was injured- Those occupying berths in
the Pullmans at the end of the train were
only conscious of a jar and many did not
even awaken. The mail car was pitched
across the trade and half telescoped.
Both engines lost their cabs. The ten
der of the first was smashed to pieces,
lying between the two locomotives, and
the other tender was thrown up against
the bank.
Engineer White evidently applied the
air brakes, and. after going forty yards,
his engine came to a standstill in the cut,
while the other drove itself into the bank
squarely beside the first and toppled as
far as the bank would allow.
PINNED DOWN BY TENDER.
There were a dozen coaches, including
four or five Pullmans, in the train which
left here on time at 10:55 o'clock last
night, with Conductor John Depangher in
charge. Two engines pulled it. Good time
¦was made to tne stretch of down grade
four miles cistant. There the engineers
ehut off steam and let the train move by
gravity.
The engines were moving thus when
they struck the switch. The forward lo
comotive kept down the main track, but
the second one shot upon the sid
ing:. In an instant both were off the rails
and jerking one another by the tender
strung between them.
REDDING, June 4.— The wrecking of the
Bouth-bound Oregon express at the open
switch live miles south of Redding short
ly after 11 o'clock last night, in which
Engineer James M. White and Fireman
Robert D. Van Tassell lost their lives,
was the deliberate work of fiends who had
r.ot even robbery as a motive. Detectives
and trainmen are inclined to believe that
no train robbers planned the destruction
iii.d loss of life, in their opinion it was
undoubtedly done by tramps who had.
been kicked off a. freight train. The
fcwitch was forced some time last evening
and detectives are watching suspicious
persons in this neighborhood and wiring
lo other points to apprehend the wreck
ers if they managed to get away on' the
few trains which have passed since the
crime was committed.
Special Discatch to The Call.
Switch.
Coroner's Jury Finds the Disaster
Was Caused by the Throw
ing Open of a
Detectives Seeking Criminals
Who Ditched the Ore
gon Express.
ENGLAND NEEDS
ALL THE MONEY
TUCSON. Ariz., June 4.— Reports have
reached Guaymas of a battle at Huichori
Letween a detachment of the Second Bat
tallon and a troop of the Fifth Cavalry
and a band of iaqui rebels, who have
been in hiding in that country for some
time. On learning of fresh outbreaKs
the Ya'quis took courage and attacked tlie
Mexican troops. Fifteen Yaquis were re
ported killea in the engagement. One
Mexican v.as killed and nve wounded.
The excitement at Hermosulo, caused
by the disaster at Aguajito, has some
viiat abated. The population is reasdur
ed by the arrival of bw regulars from tne
Yaqui Hiver country. Tnese troops ar-s
preparing to go to tne assistance or Gen
eral Torres, who has withdrawn his sol
diers from the mountainous section and
fears to attack the Indians with the small
force now at his command.
The transport Oaxaca has arrived at
Guavmas from Mazatlan. bringing WW
soldiers and a large supply of ammuni
tion. These are now on their way to Her
moslllo to join the forces under General
The b present Yaqui raid had not caused
much consternation in Guaymas until the
report of the ambuscade at Aguajito was
received here. The people became greatly
aiarmed on hearing of the fate of the
command of Captain Gomez and the sad
death of that gallant officer. The prefect
of police at Guaymas called for volun
teers to be organized for the city's pro
tection in case the Yaquls should advance
toward the south.
The company of volunteers organized at
Hermosillo is quartered in the palace and
a special train has Just arrived from No
go les. bringing fifty Mauser rifles and 20,
000 cartridges, which will be distributed
among the men. Another company of vol
unteer reserves has been organized at the
German Club. Hermosillo, to be called out
in case of necessity. ' /
A runner arriving from Sabiate reports
that a band of 300 Y'aquis was seen near
that place on their way to join the main
bedy in the Mazatan Mountains. It is
believed that this band came from the
ranches near Carbo.
Reports from Costa are to the effect
that six Yaqui chiefs passed through that
section, recruiting troops from the peace
able Indians on the ranches. Indians who
have refused to join the insurrection have
taken refuge in Hermosillo. as those on
the warpath regard them as traitors and
would kill them on sight.
e *-H-H-*vi : : : : : i ¦: ¦¦: ¦•:¦¦! -i •**** •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Engineer and Fireman
Victims of Hobo
Vengeance.
Six Hundred Soldiers Are on
Way to Reinforce Gen
eral Torres.
Indians Attack Detach
ment of Troops at
• Huichori.
FATAL TRAIN
WRECK WORK
OF TRAMPS
YAQUIS LEAVE
FIFTEEN DEAD
THE SA]ST FRANCISCO CALL, THIJESDAY, JUNE 5, 1902. -
3
DR. ETLMZB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Kidney Trouble Makes You Miserable
Almost everybody who reads the news-
papers is sure to know of the wonderful
a n irs. 1 cures made by' Dr.
' — 7^4-t^? \\ Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
t D*^i I the F eat kicine y» Hver
I t^r^rj) £ and bladder remedy.
3 \y\f-^y1 L_,s It is the great rnedl-
* I *J ' l f*' \0r t cal triu *nph of the nine-
\)JU niTteenth century; dis-
_ 1 1 covered after years of
./ i'{f = ' , uytl scientific research by
•nfe- -dg3\§Dr. Kilmer, the eml-
U j -5. ; 3^r . " nent kidney and blad-
«—'i.»a^> B - "- der specialist, and Is
wonderfully successful in promptly curing
lame back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Bright's Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root Is not rec-
ommended for everything but if you have kid-
ney, liver or bladder trouble it will be found
Just the remedy you need. It has been tested
in so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every case that a special arrangement has
been rnade by which all readers of this paper
who have not already tried it, may have a
sample bottle sent free by mail, also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
When writing mention reading thisgenerou3
offer in this paper and fC^y^"- i
send your address to
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing- K^Sl^lF^I^^
hamton, N. Y. The^^SJal^^^
regular fifty cent and Homo of Swamp-Root,
dollar sizes are sold by all pood druggists.
Don't make any mistake, but remem-
ber the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
Binghamton, N. Y., on every bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONVINCING TESTIMONY
FOR DOUBTERS.
The Suffolk Hosp. and Dispensary,'
y Boston, Oct. 29th,' 1 901.
HIMROD M'F'G. CO,,
Gentlemen: — You* valued prepa-
ration has proved so effective that we
have never been .without it, obtaining
our supply from local druggists. We
may also add that the character of our
work brings to our doors a large number
of what may be termed "chronic cases"
and in treating this class we have found
Himrod's Asthma Cure to be of real as-
sistance as it gives such prompt relief.
SEND FOB A FREE SAMPLE,
A trial will convince you of its re-
markable efficacy.
HIMROD MAN'F'G CO.
14-10 VE6EY ST.. NEW YORK.
For tale by all druggists.
DE. PIERCE'S BE3EEDIES.
A PBOTURE \
Of health, we say of a perfectly health-'
fnl woman, and it is a picture everyone
loves to look upon. All the pictures of
all the artists who iave ever painted the
glory and beauty of womanhood, are
only copies and imitations of this picture.
Never artist
mixed a color
on his palette
that can vie
with the hues
which tint a
healthful wom-
an's cheek.
Why should
this charm be
sacrificed to
sickness ? It
need not be
save in rare
cases. The gen-
eral health of
woman is so
linked with the
local womanly
health that
wasted cheek
and sunken eye
are in general but evidences of womanly
diseases. Cure the diseases and the phy-
sical health is restored.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription cures
the ills of -women. It establishes regu-
larity, dries weakening drains, heals in-
flammation and ulceration, and. cures fe-
male weakness.
Mrs. Mary E. Lewis, of Tanner. Gilmer Co.,
¦W. Va., writes : "¦ I shall always recommend Dr.
Tierce's Favorite Prescription, 'Golden Medical
Discovery ' and ' Pleasant Pellets,' for they cured
me when doctors and other medicines failed.
For fifteen years I suffered untold misery.
When I commenced taking Dr. Pierce's meai-
dae», I had given up all hope of ever getting
well, I could not lie down to sleep, and every-
thing I ate would almost cramp me to death.
Was very nervous and could hardly walk across
the room. I onlv weighed ninety pounds when
I commenced taking these medicines six years
»>.go ; now I weigh one hundred and forty pounds
end am having better health than ever before.
My friends all 6ay they can hardly believe that I
am the same person ; after being sick so long I
hare changed to be robust and rosy cheeked."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets invigorate
stomach, liver and bowels.
"^"^.¦¦-^¦-^¦•'--•'"•-•••• l^fliAPIES HOLD RUMMAGE SALE.— The la
dles of the Emmanuel Baptist Church are hav
ing a rummage ealo this w«ok »t 734 Mont
gomery avenue, corner of Greenwich street.
McComb then announced that he had
appointed Charles McDonnell and Joseph
"Windrow to be his deputies. Robert Den
nis, who has been a deputy in the offlc*
for five years, retires to go Into- business.
At 12:30 p. m. McComb left the court
room of Justice of the Peace Groealnger,
which he has been occupying ever since
his appointment was ratified by th© Su
pervisors, and proceeded to the regular
office of the Justices' clerk. McComb
made a formal demand for the office, and
Fredrick, the Mayor's appointee, delivered
over the book3 and records and with
drew.
Fredrick will appeal from the order,
but in the meantime the business of the
Justices' court will be conducted *y Mc-
Comb.
The struggle for the office of Justices'
Clerk ended yesterday morning when
Powel Fredrick, the Mayor's appointee,
gave up the office to George McComb.
His action was due to an order issued by
Judge Sloss, who decided, aftsr reading
an agreed statement of facts submitted
by the attorneys for Fredrick and Mc-
Comb, that the first named was a
usurper and not entitled to the place.
The order and the subsequent evacuation
of Fredrick are the result of quo war
ranto proceedings brought by Attorney
General Tlrey L. Ford.
FREDRICK GIVES
UP THE OFFICE
ARAB PATROL OF ISLAM TEMPLE THAT WILL BE A,, PROMINENT
FEATURE IN THE PARADES OF THE SHRINERS, AND LEAXHNG
MEMBERS OF THE MASONIC FUN-MAKERS.
STOI/E2T DEEDS FOXTNT).
When a Call reporter visited the County
Clerk's office with the avowed purpose of
searching the vault in which the probate
papers are secured. County Clerk Mahony
detailed Probate Clerk Casey to make a
diligent search of the vault. Several boxes
filled with papers and documents of the
Fair case were examined, but without re
sult. On top of the small safe In which
the more valuable wills are kept was
found a bundle' of. papers, covered with
the accumulations of months of dust.
When these were examined the two deeds
alleged to have been stolen were found.
Attorney LJoyd said to a Call reporter
yesterday that the story of the theft of
the deeds was absurd on Its face. In the
first place the deeds, having been declared
forgeries by the court, could have abso
lutely no value tc# any one. The motive
for the theft was therefore absent. In the
next place Attorney Lloyd never sent
Kytka to the County Clerk's office for the
deeds, nor had he ever given the instru
ments a thought since the court made an
order directing that they be turned over
to him. He did not care if the deeds were
etolen, as they could In no wise be of
benefit to the thieves or any one else. He
regarded the published story as being in
the nature of a fight against Martin Kel
ly or County Clerk Mahony.
Kelly was seeking- to recover a certain
sum advanced by him to Mrs. Craven
secured by a mortgage on the property
described in the forged deeds, the story
of their theft was readily believed. Unfor
tunately for the veracity of the journals
interested, the rumor was not verified.
Some effort was made to secure the facts,
and when the deeds were not promptly
produced on demand by the representa
tives of the newspapers, it was at once
concluded that the rumor was true. The
Call declined to publish as a fact what
was on the face a mere unsubstantiated
report, lacking verification.
G. W. Michael, a former soldier, who is
now living at the New Western Hotel, re
ported to the police yesterday morning
that he had been robbed of $100 in the
"Moon" saloon, at the corner of Taylor
™ n< \.°', Far T, el i stre « ts . by two women.
Michael said he went into the saloon with
Vl? women Tuesday night' and after
drinking three glasses of soda .water re
membered nothing more till he awoke
yesterday morning. He believed he had
been given knockout drops In the soda
water.
Knockout Drops Given Soldier.
In the meantime the detective force Is
making every effort to capture Conway,
who is still believed to be in hiding in
the city. Captain Martin has given his
men orders to make a thorough search of
the tenderloin for the missing clerk.
J. W. Cassens, a Janitor at the Hall of
Justice, is positive that he saw Conway
on the cars at the corner of Hyde and
Union streets yesterday morning. Cassens
says he was riding downtown and saw
Conway, whom he says looked blear-eyed
and bloated from the effects of drink.
The investigation which the Grand Jury
is making. Into the records of the Police
Court has caused consternation among
the members of the Police Court ring. Aft
er a conference with Chief of Detectives
Martin the Grand Jury Committeemen
announced that they intended to examine
the records of every department of the
Police Court. It is theif intention to com
pare the judgment docket % and records of
the disposition of cases as kept by the
various clerks of the four Police courts
with the private records kept by the
Judges. If the system of "kitingr" bail
money has been practiced by other clerks
the investigation will develop that fact.
Additional sensational disclosures are
promised In connection with the Police
Court bail scandal. A committee from
the Grand Jury, accompanied by Expert
F. A. Elliot, visited the Hall of Justice
yesterday and commenced an examination
of the records of Judge Mogan's court.
It was rumored when the expert finished
his work yesterday afternoon that he had
discovered several more cases where
Frederick R. Conway, the missing Police
Court clerk, had appropriated bail money
to his own private use. Grand Jurors E.
P. Farnsworth and M. J. Vaughn made a
careful" investigation into the facts sur
rounding the four cases In which it Is
alleged Conway stole bail money that had
been declared forfeited by falsifying the
records and drawing fraudulent orders on
the city's treasury. They came to the
conclusion that there is good grounds for
the forgery charge that has been lodged
agrainst him. Upon their report to the
Grand Jury Conway will probably be in
dicted. •
Grand Jury Committee
Investigating Court
Records.
CLERK CONWAY
STILL MISSING
mento; George B. Land, Fresno; Paul W. Ben
nett, Bakersfield; P. J. Walker, Oakland; A.
H. Breed, Oakland; J." F. Chandler, Oakland;
George C Pardee, Oakland; C. F. McGlaehan,
Truckee; S. D. Ballou San Luis Obispo; H.
H. Knapp, Napa; S H. Wagner, San Jose;
A. M. Burtell, Oakland; D. E. CoHins, Oak
land; J. R. Knowland, Alameda; J. M. Slmon
eon, Merced; I. R Alken. Decoto; Dr. M. H.
Logan, Oakland; J. C. Crooks, Hay wards;
Robert 'Wyfey., J. L. Martin, J. E. Moulter,
William Dynes, William M. Eckel, Case
Leonhardt, Thomas McCall, James Law
rence, Henry Burner, Dr. E. S. Howard,
G. E. Bacon Dr Miller Dr. E. H. Bryant,
Asa R. Wells, Charles Bliss, H. G. W. Dlnkel
spiel, R. A. Eddy, C. H. Evans, A. M. Cox,
A. Chrlstenson. John Farnham, A. C. Freese,
J. Lackmann, J. K. Firth, G. D. Clark, Adam
Beck. Charles E. Green, R. B. Hale, George D.
Graham, John Daggett, D. E. Hayes, L. M.
Hooffler, J. W. Reiss. F. Kyle, . George A.
Knight, W. H. L. Barnes, S. M. Shortrldge,
A. W. Foster, C. W. Slack, S. W. Rosenstock,
T. B. Kent, J. H. Shine. E. C. Hughes. .L.
Wadham, J. M. Peel. T. A. Herney. B. . V.
Pasquale, .N. H. Neustadter, Martin Jones, T.
P. Andrews, J. H. Scott, A.- S. J. dft Guerre,
Henry Knust, T. Kirkpatrlck, Armour Mo-
Laughlin. R. Ash, W. H. Burnham, A. F.
Westphal, W. H. Metson, J. H. Hatch, B. W.
Tucker, Adam Andrew. J. G. Liebold, A. C.
Rulofson, F. W. Sherman, Anton Krelg, J. M.
Troutt, Carroll Cook, C. P. Overton, J. H. Mer
rill, H. T. Graves, Robert Day, M. L. Culver,'
George E. "Ames, S. C. Denson,' R. N. Carson,
H. J. Burns, J. E. Doollttle, J. W. Anderson,
A. E. Buckingham, P. Jacobovlcs, Theodore
Froellch, J.R. Altken. E. F. Delger, F. H.
Day, G. T. Bromley, George W. Perkins and
Boaz D. Pike.
Parade — W. Edwards, G. W. Wittman, . J.'
Tonningsen, F. W. Sumner and G. W. Bauer.
Publicity and promotion — J. H. Goldman, M.
Ryan, H.' S. Smith, R. E. Miller and Frank
McGowan.
Halls — M. Johnson and H. M. Fursan.
Carriages— W. E. Bridge, H. E. Holmes,
Theodore Horton, J. H. Brunlngs and H. M.
Englander. ..
TEMPLES ON" THE WAY.
The- passenger department of the South
ern Pacific Company received advices yes
terady to the effect that the following tem
ples of Mystic Shriners are moving west
ward and will commence arriving in this
city on, Sunday and that the last will
reach . here on Tuesday next:
As already announced " the Arab Patrol
of Islam Temple will be one of the at
tractive features of the parade. Th«
members of this branch of the » templa
have been .under the military drill of
Major George Fillmer, a well-known
member of the National Guard, a pro
ficient soldier and a veteran of the Span
ish-American war. He will be in coirt-
THE ARAB PATBOI*.
Zeaobia Temple, Toledo, 0., 50 'members;
Moslem Temple, Detroit, Mich., 50; Turner
party, Chicago, 111., 80; Murat Temple, Indian
apolis Ind.^ BO: Great Northern party, St.
Paul, Minn., 30; Moolah Temple, St. Louis, Mo,,
120; Shafter party. Philadelphia, Pa., 150; Mc-
Gee party. New York City. N. Y..^222; Boyer
party, Reading, Pa.. 30; Syria Temple, Pitts
burg, Pa., 125; Medinah Temple, Chicago, lift
100; AI Koran Temple, Cleveland, O., 100; Moi
lah Temple, St. Joseph, Mo.. 50; Abdallah Tem
ple. Leavenworth, Iowa. 50; Za-Ga-Zlg Tem
ple, Des Molnes, Iowa, 60; Lu Lu Temple,
Philadelphia, Pa., 60; Foster party, Bridgeport,
Conn.. 30; El Jebel Temple, Denver,' Colo. 160;
Tangier Temple, Omaha, Nebr., .60; Ismalla
Temple, Buffalo, N. Y.,62; Damascus Temple,
Rochester, N. Y. 52; temple from Minneapolis,
Minn., 40; temple from Cedar Rapids, Iowa,
40; templofrom Omaha, Nebr.. 40; Ararat Tem
ple, Kansas City, Mo., 125; Aladdin Temple,
Columbus, O., 125; Isln Temple. Sallna, Kan.,
70;Stoe party. Columbus, O., SO; temple from
Meridian. Miss.. 60. . ... .
One of the Mystic Shriners ¦ who has
long been identified with the organization
In this city will be missed, but business
Interests compel him to absent himself
and he will leave to-day en route for Lon
don, via New York. This bhriner Is R.
E. Miller of the Owl drug store, who
leaves on his annual business trip, and as
a Shriner. regrets that the Imperial Con
vention was not set a week- earlier • He
will spend coronation week, in London,
and en route will be joined at New York
by D. : W. Kirkham,' who represented the
firm in Los Angeles and has been granted
a year's leave of absence. Both Mr. Mil
ler and Mrs. Kirkland will carry with
them many personal messages - to King
Edward VII and they have promised to
meet the new sovereign of England and
present these . messages i to him as they
offer their congratulations.
Pbtentate Murphy and His Aids An
Working Tirelessly*
IF the Nobles of the Mystic Shrine of
this city do not make a success of
the reception of the visiting Nobles
who are due here next week with the
imperial council of the order, It will
not be the fault of the several com
mittees who are assisting Colonel
Murphy, the potentate of Islam Temple.
Everything that can be done to make the
stay of the visitors, the members of their
families and their friends a most pleas
ant one is being done and every detaft
of the programme that has already been
given will be carried out in the fullest.
The different committees In charge j of
the affair are as follows
Executive — Joseph C. Campbell, C. I* Field,
M. Pratt (Portland), Fred A. Niece (Los An
geles), L. ¦ F. Breuner, J. O. Spauldingr, Q. S.
Neal. C. "W. Conllsk, R. P, Hurlbut, C. I*
Pattern, P. C. Van Schaick, M. S. Eisner, T.
H. Browne, W. Frank Pierce, B. P. Flint,
B. H. Lloyd. W. H. F. Titus, C. S. Benedict,
J. A. Wilson, J. P. Fraser, G. E. McKee, John
Williams, J. A. Wilson and W. E. Lutz.
Finance — E. Ft. Lilienthal, Llppman. Sachs,
F. W. Van Sicklen. W. H. Crocker, J. D.
Bpreckels, M. Siminoff, W. D. Keyston, A. F.
Cunn, John H. Bennett, A. H. Vail and W.
Cluff. '. •
Entertainment — C. G. Kenyon, S. J. Hendy,
A. Hammersmith, S. T. Bernhard, T. M. Me-
Kenzle, F. P. Ladd. C. M. Plum, R. Herring
and E. Korn. . -
Printing— B. N. Rowley, C. .E. Dow, G. S.
Andres, C. "Hellwig arid Thomas I* Hill.
Decoration and badges — E. J. Benedict, E.
B. Hlndes, J. Bameson, T. L. Henderson, F.
Koenig. Theo. Relchert, S. A. Clark, E. A.
Herrmann, J. M. Logan, Dr. R. W. Meek. J.
A. Hammersmith, S. T. Bernhard. T. M. Mc-
Lachlan, M. J. Savage and J. A. Marsh.
Purveying — G. R. Armstrong, L. A. Arsner
A. W. Baldwin, H./ Ascroft.S. B. Duncan,
Joshua Eppinger, A. Fodera, 0. L. HaskMl and
H. B. Reaip. ¦
Music— John Bennett, C. B. "Wilson, H. B.
Moore, A. J. Delamare, Charles Stillman G
M. Perlne, A. Goldstein, H. C. F, Schumacher,
R. McMillan, J. H. Gray and J. M. Gleaves.
Hotels and transportation*— R. H. Warfleld
J. S. Young, G. W. Klngsbury, J. M. Wllkins
R. Welncke, F/ L. Turpln, W. H. Snedakerj
E. O. McCormick, T. H. Goodman, C. H. Umb
sen. Clarence M. Smith, J. M. Lltchfleld, L.
Glass, C. H. Murphy, A. Andrews, H. D. Love
land, S. W. Levy, J. M. Curtis, John Breuner
Max Goldman, P. Cahill, T. D. Rlordan, F. W.
Marston, George E. de Golla, S. S. Hollub and
G. W. Llppman. ..• .
Reception — J. H. Neff, Nevada Clty;J c
Bchrainnv Salt Lake; C. A. Henry,' Ogden; H*
A. Maxim; Reno; D. M. Lubeck, Auburn; H*
B. GHHs, Yreka; Clefford Cogglns, Igema; W
J. Glllesple, Redding; 8. E. Murphy, Red
Bluff; B. Cusslck, Chico; A; 'P. Jones, Oroville*
R. W. Skinner, Marysvllle; George H. Clark,'
Sacramento; C. H, Burden, Sonora; C. dI
Thornton, Copperopolls; Peter Johnson, Angels
Camp; G. S. Henderson, Stockton; G. R. Catto
Stockton; M. R. Hedees, Stockton; | W. m!
Vanderhurst, Salinas; Thomas - Flint Jr.,- San
Jose; M. H. Kron, Santa Cruz; I* M. Spltzer
San Jose; Ernest Sevler, Eureka; J. C. Bull'
Arcata; Benjamin "Wilson, ' Sacramento; Will
liam Kettner, Vlsalla; . Thomas .Scott, Sacra-
Gorgeous Uniforms
for the Arab
Patrol
In view of the recent compromise of
the Fair heirs with Mrs. Xettie R. Crav
en, in whose favor the deeds were ex
ecuted, for the sum of $50,000, and the
additional circumstance that Martin
STORY WAS BEIilEVEB.
Naturally, the publication of the stories
that the deeds were stolen caused some
excitement in the County Clerk's office.
It was alleged by the deluded newspapers
that the documents had been abstracted
from the vault in the County Clerk's of
fice for the ostensible purpose of bring
ing about a resumption of litigation in
the Fair case, and particularly as to the
property described in the documents. The
additional statement was made that the
theft was discovered when Attorney Reu
ben H. Lloyd sent to the City Hall
for the deeds, the custody of which was
awarded to him by Judge Troutt at the
close of the Craven-Fair litigation.
The newspapers which published sen
sational stories yesterday of the alleged
theft of the famous pencil deeds which
figured so prominently in the Fair estate
litigation and which were declared forger
ies by Judge Slack succeeded admirably
in uncovering a huge mare's nest. The
deeds, which it was alleged were stolen
by unknown parties for purposes un
known, were found within five minutes af
ter search for them was instituted by
Probate Clerk E. J. Casey and a Call re
porter yesterday afternoon.
Published Story That They
Were Stolen Proves a
Canard.
Clerk Discovers Them
Among Papers of
Fair Estate.
MISSING DEEDS
EASILY FOUND
VISITING NOBLES OF THE MYSTIC SHRINE WILL BE GIVEN
MAGNIFICENT ENTERTAINMENT BY BRETHREN IN THIS CITY
!' THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1902.
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com.
fortabla train, of tho Nickel Plata Road -Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served I Amert.
can Club meals at from 35o to $1 each; aiwaVi
plea«e the traveling public. JAY W adTamq
?ta£ Cal> * CWCkW »«&• *!?&&
SITES TO RECOVER
PACKAGE OF LETTERS
Italian Consul Serra Is Defendant
and His Former Secretary Is
Plaintiff.
VBnJt was filed Tuesday in tha Jus
tices' Court by E. Scodelettl against
Carlo P. Serra, the Italian Consul! and
•?? p . ero ? e ' to recover sixteen letters
written by Scodelettl to the Consul and
Perone.
ScodolettI was formerly secretary to tfie
Italian Consul and was recently re
ifvTVp^ii 113^ 0 ! 81 " 0^ beIn &
pjrj. Bacalla. It is understood that the
letters that Scodoletti desires to recover
refer to politics- in Italy. The breach be
tween the Italian Consul and hia «
secretary is a live topic of comment in
the local Latin circles. J. A. Spinet ti is
the attorney for the plaintiff. Wen the
case comes up for hearing both sldos to
the litigation promise to be on hand and
make things Interesting. , na
The mounted patrol that will lead the
procession will be under the command of
George F. Neal, pronounced the hand
somest man In California. Commandery of
the Knights Templar, and the patrol or
escort will be made, up of members of
that organization.
Next to tho grand banquet the ball In
Mechanics' Pavilion will be the swelleat
affair that has ever been given in that
building. Dr. C. G-. Kenyon has been se
lected as floor manager, and he will have
as chief assistants Colonel George H
Plppy and Roy T. Klmball. The floor
committee will be made up of forty mem
bers of Islam Temple.
A K. th £ c^ ie^ for P rf «s by the patrols
on the Oakland race track the local patrol
will give an exhibition drill, but will not
compete for any of the prizes.
The uniform to bo worn by the patrol
men is gorgeous and as brilliant aa & new
toy. It consists of red leggings, gray
trousers of the zouave pattern, red shirt,
sleeveless blue Jacket with brass buttons
and yellow Bash and fancy tie. Each will
carry a highly polished scimlter.
J. D. Abrams, Robert Ash, G. E. Bacon, E.
R. Bryant, W. J. Blaln. O. H. Boye, G. E.
Bushnell, H. R. Browne, "W. T. Crossman, W.
P. Filmer, Fred Gchret, R. I* Hathorn, H. S.
Hutchings, Philip Jocobovlcha, C. JeHinek. J.
G. Leibcld. George W. Llrpman, F. S. Laf
ferty, J. Jaeglintr, A. S. Manrrura, D. R.
Martens. S. Meyerson, VT. G. Mobley, H. L..
Xeli>on, S. W. Ottenhelmer. S. K. Overe&ard,
F. O. Raabe, G. H. Rathburn, Edward Steph
enson, A. W, Turoln, George W. Thompson,
Thomas Trebell, C. M. Troppman, William
Thomas. C. H. Van Orden and A. B. Wood.
mand, with the title of captain, and hid
lletenants are: E. M. Moore, firsts and
W. P. Humphreys, second, while A. J. de
Lamare is the adjutant and E. L. "Worth
the musician. The members of the patrol
are:
BaU at Pavilion Will
Be a Splendid
Affair*
4
Which would you rath-
er have, if you could have'
your choice, transparent
skin or perfect features ?
All the world would
choose one way; and you
can have it measurably.
If you jise Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you will have
the best complexion Na-
ture has for you.
Sold all over the world.
ADVI^TIg"»^vrgT^ra
J> ' ?
V* ,., ?
• * . , « ?
j[ Purity and Maturity t
* * 4 »
X Unite In making the
A superior quality of «»
*¦'* X
j| Hunter I
iWhiskeyi
!? Superb Flavor, Mellow V>
l\ and Rich *•
«? TelophonoMaiaKS. T
*Ws rignataiela oa every box of th« gennto*
Laxative Bromo-Qinninei^bieu
U»> remedy that cores » cold la *n« da*Resolved, That the tenth annual convention
of the Western Federation of Miners does de
clare for a policy of Independent political ac
tion and does advise and recommend, the adop
tion of the platform of the socialist party of
America by the local unions of the federation
in conjunction with a vigorous policy of educa
tion along the lines of political economy.
Resolved, That we recommend the adoption
of the principles of the socialist party plat
form as outlined in the president's report; and
be It further
DENVER, June 4.— The convention oi
the "Western Federation of Miners in
dorsed socialism by a vote of 230 to 73, by
the adoption of the following:
Western Federation Declares for In-
dependent Political Action and
Educational Work.
MINERS WZLZt ALIGN"
WITH THE SOCIALISTS
One hundred- thousand dollars of antl-
Croker money, will be required, it is de
clared, to defend the leadership of John
F. Carroll, John B. Sexton, August Moe
bua, Perclval E. Nagle and Thomas F.
F i° ! 1 J ey .J I LJ heIr respective districts. It la
skid $20,000 or more will be distributed In
each of these districts. Tammany leaders
say it will cost more than that amount
for Carroll, Sexton and Nagle to wia
against the opposition of th© Croker-Sul
llvan men.
'The story .13 that a fund of more than
$50Q,000 is now being raised by tho op
ponents of the Croker-Sulllvan commis
sion, to be expended In the primary fights
In „ September. -Carroll and Van Wyck,
the leaders, aided' Dy powerful financial
interests, are said to be getting that vast
sum together for the purpose of exterm
inating ; Croker's Influence in Tammany
Hall. |
Information of this project has reached
Croker In England and he is said to have
advised his followers to raise a larger
amount- if it Is necessary to defeat tha
plans of his : enemies.
NEW YORK, June 4.— A Btory of a
record-breaker \ in ' raisins funds for po
litical purposes Is in circulation here. It
originated with the district leader of tha
Tammany organization and has been cor
roborated as to the amounts by several
of his colleagues.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Enormous Sum to Be
Used in New York
Primaries.
COIN MAY END
CROKER'S POWER
PILGRIMS FROM DISTANT POINTS OF UNION BEGIN JOURNEY
TOWARD THEIR MECCA AT THE RIM OF THE SUNDOWN SEA
The office of the San Francisco .News
Letter and the Overland Monthly have
been moved to the Halleck Building, 320
Sansome street. ¦ •
-WASHINGTON, June 4.— The reports
and findings of the court-martial which
tried General Jacob H. Smith for cruelty
in the Philippines have been received by
the President , and he is now . going over
them. A dispatch from Manila some time
ago stated that it was the impression that
the verdict was acquittal.
PRESIDENT REVIEWS
\ COTJRT-MARTIAIi FINDINGS
DENVER, June 4.— A ' special to the
News from Sllverton, Colo.', says Father
O'Rourke, a well-known Catholic clergy
man of that place, was drowned in a
river near there to-day.
Priest Drowned in a River.
According to a cable received ' by tho
Pacific Coast agents, Messrs: Wm. Wolff
& Co., Moet &.Chandon champagne had
the distinction of being served exclusively
at King Edward's first Derby dinner last
night. .
King Edward's First Derby Dinner.
Aberdeen Couple Accused of Drown
ing Their Two Weeks Old
Daughter.
SEATTLE, June. 4.— King County offi
cers are looking for Paul Underwood, a
shingle weaver, who Is charged jointly
with his wife, Nellie Weatherwax Under
wood, aged 17, with the murder of their
two weeks old daughter. The couple
c*me here last winter from. Aberdeen,
where they were married in December.
Three weeks ago a baby was born. They
left Ballard on Saturday night for Aber
deen. On Sunday morning the baby's
body was found in an estuary of Salmon
Bay, tied in a flour sack and weighted
down with a stone. An autopsy showed
that it had died of drowning.
The Underwoods were seen In Aberdeen
on Monday and Tuesday. On receipt of
the telegraphic instructions from Seattle
to arrest them, the authorities at Aber
deen refused to act until a copy of the
warrant charging murder was wired to
them. By this time, Tuesday evening,
Underwood had escaped. His bride is un
der arrest.
A reward of $100 is - off ered for Under
wood's arrest.
Y0U2TG BRIDE ARRESTED;
HUSBAND A FUGITIVE
Washington— Original— Henry H. Tidd.
Everett, $6. Increase— James H. RumseV,
Toledo, $10; Phillip B. Gwinhup, What
com,- $25. .
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
WASHINGTON, June 4.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced: Postmas
ters commissioned— California— Alice W.
Reed, El Rio; Leonard J. Harless, Lewis.
Oregon— Hiram ..F. Murdoch, Klamath
Falls. . Appointed— Oregon— N. P. Hansen,
Monkland, Sherman County, -. vice J. R.
Hunter, resigned. . «.-¦¦ . ¦
These pensions were granted: .Califor
nia—Original—Stephen L. Cleaver, Veter
ans' Home, Napa x $6; John Comer,. Mill
ville, $6. Increase— Lyman E. Cobb,
Napa, $8; George W. Strunk, San Bernar
dino,. $8; Lee IN. Laughton, Stockton, $S;
Thomas. J/ Coggshall, Stockton, $12;
Charles D. Douglas, San Francisco. $10;
John M. Phillips, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $10; Isaac Thayer, Veterans' Home,
Napa, $10; Henry Payne. Los Angeles, $50.
Widows— Anna Tully, Decoto, $8; Susan
Woolley, Santa Rosa. $8. War with Spain
—Nanny E. McGuyre, mother, Windsor
$12. ¦ ' ¦¦•:•.
Oregon— Widows— Ann McNeal. Mav
ville, $8. .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE '
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
NEW YORK, -June 4.— Indignant and al
most starving, Mrs. Katherine Hartridge,
a comely, refined Englishwoman, was ar
raigned in court this morning, charged
with stealing $270 from Otto C. Kersgood,
a San Francisco confectioner, who had
been a fellow-passenger on the steamer
Advance from Asplnwall, and with whom
she had been playing bridge whist.
The accuser told how he had missed his
purse, which he had pinned in his coat
pocket, while the garment lay upon his
berth and he was washing his hands. He
reasoned by deduction that the woman
had stolen his money because she might
have slipped into his stateroom and taken
it without being seen. He declared that a
safety pin similar to that he had employed
to secure the pocket-book had been found
by the stewardess in a pin cushion in Mrs.
Hartridge's cabin. The prisoner indig
nantly denied 'the charge.
"I met thia man on board the steamer In
which we sailed from San Francisco," she
said. "Several ladies and half a dozen
of men played bridge whist, and this man
was oiie cf the players. We played for
luncheons, the beaten party having to pay
for sandwiches and beer or wine. He had
been in the saloon with fifteen others. I
was arrested at the gang plank in this
city. My effects were examined by the
customs officials and no money was found
I had $1.20 In my pocket-book."
She was remanded until to-morrow. "
"What am I to do?" faltered the prison
er, as a policeman took her into the pris
on. "I have not had a mouthful to eat
since. yesterday. I am starving." .
Million Dollars Lost in Fire.
- PHOENIX, A. T., June 4.— The forest
fires in Huachuca Mountains are dying
out. A small army of men from Tomb
stone, aided by soldiers from Fort Hua
chuca, diverted the path of the fire from
the Tombstone watershed and it Is burn
ing itself out on the barren higher range.
The damage to the timber and mining
camps is estimated at $1,000,000.
Senor Buencamino resented the sugges
tion that a government official had in
fluenced his testimony favorable to the
United States and declared that his law
practice was worth $1000 per month, so that
the 5290 paid him as salary could not have
been an inducement to him to sacrifice his
beliefs. He strongly opposed a colonial
system, declaring that that system made
Spanish rule a failure, saying that failure
should be a warning, to the United States
For the present, he said, the Filipinos
were obliged to have American guidance
as they had just emerged from Spanish
darkness into American civilization. Sen
or Buencamlno's hearing closed to-day
Some sharp talk occurred between
Chairman Cooper and Representative
Jones over questions put to witness espe
cially regarding religious matters In the
Philippines. Chairman Cooper asserted
that the questions put by Representative
Jones to the witness were a plain and
palpable attempt to arouse religious prej
udice. Jones commented on the fact that
the witness, who had changed his views,
"enjoyed a fat office" while I Agulnaldo
was a prisoner. Senor Buencamino stated
that he as well as Agulnaldo had been
captured, and that he was alive to-day
was due to the humanity of the Amer
ican army.
Witness said Aguinaldo had a palace for
a prison. It was formerly occupied by
Commissioner Worcester and the govern
ment paid $500 Mexican per month as
rental for It. It is as large as the White
House at Washington. The witness said
Agulnaldo lived in this house with his
family, with a physician at his disposal,
a retinue of servants, a carriage and an
allowance to provide food for the.estab
lishment. .
WASHINGTON, June 4.-Senor Buen
camino to-day continued his statement
before the Committee on Insular Affairs,
explaining the address to the American
Congress made by him advocating Philip
pine Independence. He said the original
document showed that he wrote' it as
Aguinaldo's secretary. He said he might
be obliged to divulge secrets of Agoncillo
and Lopez. He stated that there were
four Filipino agents abroad working at
odds and making independence impossible.
Buencamino Tells of Ag
uinaldo's Delightful
Captivity.
San Francisco Woman
Appears in a New
York Court.
LIKE A PALACE
IS HIS PRISON
HOTLY DENIES
ALLEGED THEFT
MORGAN UPSETS
A PERIL THEORY
Senator Says Nicaragua
Canal Is Quite
Safe.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— Discussion of
the project of constructing an isthmian
canal was begun by the Senate to-day.
Morgan of Alabama, chairman of the
Committee on Interoceanic Canals, opened
the debate, speaking nearly three hours.
A considerable portion of his speech was
devoted to an examination of the recently
suggested danger to the Nicaragua canal
route of seismic disturbances. This dan
ger he concluded, after a careful review
ot many authorities, existed only in tho
imagination of those who desired to de
feat any canal project. His study of the
situation had convinced him that really
there was no greater danger .from vol
canic and earthquake disturbances to the
Panama route than to the Nicaragua
route but he was satisfied that little
danger to either was anticipated.
Morgan reviewed at length the political
conditions in Colombia, finding in them
a grave menace to the United States in
the construction of a canal by the Pan
ama route. He presented also the pres
ent phases of the diplomatic negotiations
looking to the building of a canal by both
the Nicaragua and Panama routes. He
ciosed with a strong appeal for the pass
age of the Nicaragua bill.
The debate on the anti-anarchy bill
continued all day in the House. It was
without sensational features, being con
fined almost entirely to the legal and con
stitutional phases of the question. Jen
kins of (Wisconsin and Parker of , New
Jersey contended that the bill did not go
far enough; that the killing of the Pres
ident should be made punishable- by death,
without any limitation whatever.
•Powers of Massachusetts. and.Nevin-of
Ohio, the other two speakers, supported
the measure as it came from the commit
tee. •
The Tffanuf acturers' Sale of Clothing.
To make room for the clothing that .will
be shipped from St. Louis on June 9, the
Hirschman men's suits will bo sold for
$5 85, worth $15, at the Lyceum, 915 Mar
ket street, opposite Mason. , . •
.... %
SOME OP "WELL-KNOWN REPRESENTATIVES OF THE ANCIENT . ARABIC ORDER OF THE MYSTIC SHRINE
WHO WILL BE PROMINENT IN EVENTS THAT ARE SCHEDULED FOR ENTERTANMENT OF VISITING
MEMBERS OF THE ORGANIZATION TO WESTERN MECCA; . - • '
The Supreme Court this afternoon di
rected a > writ of ouster to issue against
the Schwarzchlld & Sulzberger Com
pany and suspended the same on condi
tion that the company comply with the
State laws relating to corporations within
five days. The question of fine was re
served until further orders of the court.
The other packers against whom similar
information was filed were given until
June 18 to respond and file return to rule
Attorney New said that he wished to en
ter exceptions to the overruling of the
motion to quash the information. This
was regarded by the court and the Attor
ney General as the first indication . that
the beef trust would carry the case to the
Federal court.
Attorney General Crow stated that he
was willing to accept the fine if It would
not bar him. from proceeding against this
company the same as the other compa
nies. At this time the court announced
that it had overruled the motion of all
the packing companies to quash the in
formation filed against them by the At
torney General.
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo., Jun© 4.—At
torneys Hagerman and New addressed
the Supreme Court this afternoon and
asked the court to allow the Schwarz
child & Sulzberger Packing Company to
accept the count in the Attorney Gen
eral's information to the effect that the
company is operating In this State wlth
ou a charter from the Secretary of State.
Hagerman and New stated that if tho
ccurt would accept that the company
would pay the $1000 fine imposed by law
and at once take out a charter, and then
this company would be on an equal fool
ing with the packing companies in the
proceedings against them for violating
the anti-trust law.
Attorney General Davies asked that the
injunction be made permanent, and Jus
tice Chester directed that it "continue un
til other or further orders of the court."
The injunction Is directed against Ar
mour & Co., Swift & Co., the Cudahy
Packing Company, the Hammond Com
pany, Schwarzschild & Sulzberger Com
pany, domestic and foreign corporations,
and against Nelson Morris, Edward Mor
irs and Ira N. Morris, copartners, car
rying on business as Nelson Morris &
Co. Their managers and all persons act
ing for them, are restrained and enjoined
from fixing and determining by combining
together the prices to be charged for
meat and from, agreeing among them
selves as to the- supply of meat to be
brought into this State by them, and
from acting upon any understanding
tending to diminish such supply, and from
fixing or maintaining prices of their and
each other's products by agreement.
ALiBANT, N. T., June- 4.— Supreme
Court Justice Chester to-day granted an
injunction -restraining certain beef pack
ing companies of the West from carrying
on business In this State In violation of
the Donnelly an ti- trust law. The order
•was served on the representatives of con
cerns In this city and Troy to-day, and
will be served on others throughout the
State as quickly as they can be reached.
It was obtained on the affidavit of D. W.
Meredith, a former manager of Swift t'z
Co.
The platform favors the restoration and
expansion of the merchant marine and to
this end demands the reformation of our
r.avigation and tariff laws; denounces the
subsidy bill; opposes the Fowler
i ;;nk bill, which proposes bank concen
tration and the formation of a great
banking trust; recognizes as a fact the
increase of standard money arising from
the vast Increased production of gold
from our own and foreign mines aa a
demonstration of the truth of the Quan
titative theory of money, and condemns
find denounces "the Philippine policy of
the present administration."
The Philippine plank also created much
discussion, the committee being called
upon to consider all sorts of propositions
In behalf of the Filipinos, some of them
being in favor of immediate and complete
independence. It was only after hours of
argument that the plank was agreed
upon.
. i tion in the platform of a plank indora
:;:g him and the Kansas City platform.
'J he majority of the committee was
against any such indorsement, saying
that they considered it out of place at the
present time to inject Bryan's name Into
the State campaign. The fight lasted well
into the night and it was nearly noon be
fore the report of the committee was
ready for presentation to the convention.
The convention was remarkable for Its
lack of discord, candidates for all but
three of the offices being chosen by ac
clamation. But while there was no fight
ing In the convention proper there was a
l-attle royal In the meeting- of
i he committee on resolutions. A
: ember of the friends of William
.'. Bryan from the Second District were
jiy much in earnest in favor of the In-
Secretary of State, Albert Schoonover,
Attaca; Attorney General, W. E. Stlllwell,
Princeton; State Auditor, James R. Riggs,
Sullivan; State Treasurer, Jerome Her
ren, Peru; Clerk of the Supreme Court,
Adam Helmberger. JCew Albany; Super
intendent of Public Instruction, Samuel
P. Scott, Clark County; Statistician, My
ron D. King, Indianapolis; State Geolo
gist, Edward Barrett. Hendricks County;
Judge of the Superior Court, Fifth Dis
trict, Timothy E. Howard, South Bend;
Judges of Appellate Court for Southern
District— John R. Teast, Portland; James
T. Sanders, Fowler; H. G. Zimmerman,
Albion.
tN'DIANAPOLIS, Jun© 4.— The Demo
cratic State Convention was called to or
der at 10:40 o'clock by W. H. O'Brien,
vice chairman of the State Central Com
mittee. John W. Kern of Indianapolis
¦was made permanent chairman. The fol
lowing ticket -was nominated:
Senor de Ojeda, who succeeds the Duke
d'Arcos, comes. to Washington with ex
cellent credentials. He was secretary, of
the ¦ Spanish Peace Commission j at Paris
and is at present Minister to Tangier. . . .
The change in the Spanish legation hers
came as a distinct surprise to all but the
intimate friends of the Duke d'Arcos. He
came to the- United States as the first
Spanish- Minister after the war,., and. nat
urally his position was a very delicate
one, requiring- the exhibition of infinite
tact to avoid unpleasant incidents. He
was very successful in his mission, while
socially his relations have been extremely
pleasant. It is thought the change is at
tributable entirely to the retiring Minis
ter's desire to secure the best possible
treatment for his impaired vision, which
has caused him much and growing con
cern. Therefore he has secured a transfer
to the Spanish legation at Brussels. There
he will be as near as practicable to an
eye specialist, who already has under
taken his treatment at intervals.
Herbert's marriage to the daughter of
Richard Wilson, as a result of which he
became closely related to the Vanderbilts.
the Ogden-Goelets and the Astors, will
not In any way interfere, according . to
opinion in London,. with his usefulness as
Great Britain's" Embassador at "Washing
ton. His record at Washington as
Charge d'Aff aires from 18S8 to 18S9 and
secretary of the British legation from 1892
to 1893, and his work as British agent on
the Venezuelan Commission eminently lit
him, so official belief inclines, for his
proposed new and important duties.
A recent dispatch from London stated
that before the new Embassador at
Washington should take up his duties the
salary attached to the position would
probably be put upon a par with the
highest paid in Great Britain's diplomatic
service, namely, that which is paid the
Embassador at Paris, £9000 a year.
Notice of Herbert's appointment came
to the State Department to-day; through
the British embassy here; At present Her
bert occupies a place without a ¦ counter
part In the American' diplomatic service.
He is first secretary of the embassy, at
Paris, but with the rank of Minister
Plenipotentiary. In very few Instances
does the British Government employ an
official of high rank in the office of secre
tary of embassy.
"WASHINGTON, June 4.— Two Important
changes In the diplomatic representation
ta this city were announced to-day. The
Hon. Michael Herbert succeeds the late
Lord Pauncefote I as British Embassador
and Senor deOjeda succeeds the Duke
d'Arcos, the Spanish • Minister.
Injunction Restraining
Trust Is Granted in
New York.
Indiana Democrats De
cline to Consider
His Name.
Herbert Is Successor
to the Late Lord
' Pauncefote;
LAW BEACHES
FOR PACKERS
NATIONS SEND
NEW DIPLOMATS
BRYAN OBTAINS
NO INDORSEMENT
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,^ JUNE 5, 1902.
5
Established 1823. •
That's All I
SAKS JOSEPH, Representative, 300 Battery- Street, Ban Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS..
A Medicine for;
Old People.
.Rev. Geo. Gay, Greenwich, Kas, h
past 83 years of age, yet he says: T
am enjoyine excellent health for a man
of my age, due entirely to the rejuven-
ating influences oi Dr. Miles' Ner*ine.
It brings sleep and rest when nothing
eke will, and gives strength and vital-
ity even to one of my old age."
**I am an oW soldier." writes Mr. Geo.
Watson, of Newton, Ia^ "aad I have
been a great sufferer from nrrvoosneM,
vertigo and spinal trouble. Have spent
considerable money for medicine and
doctors, but with little benefit was
so bad my mind showed signs of weak-
ness. I be gran taking Dr. M lies* Nervine,
and I know it saved uJv life."* ,.;_ ', *¦
mh«- Nervine
• Saved me from the insane asy-
. km," Mr?- A. M. Hcifner, of Jerico
Springs, 'Ao., writes. "I was so nervr
ous that I could scarcely control my- .
self, couldnct sleep norrest, would even
forget the names of my own children at
times. I commenced using Dr. Miles'
Nervine and it helped me from the
first, and now I am perfectly well."
Sold by all Druggist* on Guarantee. -
Or. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
i. x specific remedy for aiiments
ci the stomach, liver and bowels,
and is backed by hundreds of
voluntary testimonials. We
would therefore urge every suf-
ferer from Indigestion, Dyspep-
sia, Flatulency, Constipation,
Headache or Liver and Kidney
Trouble to try it. It will cure
you. for sale by druggists, with
our Private Stamp over the neck
of the bottle. Avoid substitutes.
Thim signature is on every box of tho genntn*
Laxative Bromtf-Quinine Tablet*
¦(far* remedy that cure* a cold In one da*Texas claims to have shipped 70,000 mules and
horses to the British armies in South Africa, but she
might very easily have been in better business.
An Oregon mining man has been accused of rob
bing the mails to get money to spend on females,
and it would seem to be in order for some woman's
club to rise up and defend him.
There is a rumor that King Alfonso shows signs of
taking sovereignty as a joke, but what more could be
expected of a boy of 16 who knows he has a nation in
a sling and feels like swinging it?
Veracious correspondents . announce the startling
danger that an army of tramps is on its', way to tits'.
We will be glad to have them come, for there is still
work for them on the roads and in the jails. :.:
When the Democrats of Congress made a move
ment toward . investigating the expense account of
General Wood in - Cuba, the general- told them td
come on; thereupon they se'em.to have come off.
Within the space of twenty-eight hours recently the
House passed 1169 private pension bills/ making an
average rate of one and a third pensions for each min
ute, and yet the House was not in continuous ses
sion. Evidently Tom Reed's desire that the House
should cease to be a deliberative body has been ful-
The. inscription for the . Rochambeau statue' at
Washington has beenjehosen from. a letter written by
Washington to the Count in which he ¦•; says: "We
have been contemporaries and fellow laborers in the
cause of liberty and we have lived together- as
brothers should do in harmonious friendship." That
commendation from Washington is a good enough
epitaph for any man.
- J. . B. <re- Jarnatt of Colusa is at the
Occidental. •'.
A. C. Eisen, a Fresno vinyardist, is at
the Grand.
- Jesse D. Carr is up from Salinas and is
at'the'vLiclc. , •. y- ',.'/¦-, ¦?
WilliamVBennie, a. Fresno fruitgrower,
is at; the Lick:'- ;, -••/.' - - -
Dr. H. T. Greenlaw of West Superior,
Wis., is at the Grand.
- "W. J. Nelson, a mining man of Los An
geles, is at the Grand. .
Frank H. Buck, the well-known fruit
grower of VacaYille, is at 'the Palace.
M.- P. Stein, a merchant of Stockton, is
at the California, accompanied by his
wife. ¦ -.' ' /';,', ./.'/. /;' //. -,\
James McDonnell, manager of the Don
ahue stock farm at Menlo Park, is at the
Grand. .
"V. S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, is at the California, accom
panied by his. wife.
. J. Fitz ,Brind of .Denver^ prominently
knownMn Colorado miningvarid powder
circles* is at the Palace. : /
Edward A. Godding, president of the
National Security and - Trust Company of
New York, is at the Palacel ; -
The Kevi C F. Gates, . a. missionary of
Harpoot, Turkey', is : at the::' Occidental.
He is accompanied by ': his .wife.
Jerry J. Driscoll, the well-known sport
ing man and politician, leaves tor New
York and Europe , : on ¦- Tuesday, accom
panied by his wife. Mrs. •Driscoll's phy-'
sicians have ordered her to visit Germany
for her" health. . ¦
"See here, my child,. that latest beau of
yours looks. like "a- Chinaman."
"A' Chinaman, pap?'' , i-...
"Yes, he looks so much like a Chinaman
.that I have, decided to rigidly^ enforce the
exclusion act against him— and don't you
forget it."— Cleveland Plain-Dealer.
PERSONAL MENTION.
PURSUING the subject of commercial honor as
a prime necessity for the welfare of California
production, we are of the opinion that steps
should be taken to protect our producers and their
customers by statute. ; . „ _'..:
This State is more excellent than any other part of
the world as a producer and purveyor of luxuries.
Among these our pure wines, grape brandies, olive
oil and ripe pickled, olives take high rank. Im
ported wines and brandies and olive oil are shown
by official analysis to be under suspicion. The
American people and the foreign ) consumer- have
learned to look to California for a pure supply. Our
brandies were injured once by a single shipment that
was sophisticated. But the prompt, public and offi
cial action of one of the Federal revenue officers here
so exposed the fraud that the shipment was chased
out of England and Southern Europe. This action
was evidence of good faith in a desire to .protect
our brandy, and since then English consumers and
the German Government have been large takers of
that product. Our Riesling wines have a fine Lon
don market, and' there is no doubt that our olive oil
and ripe pickled olives will finally capture a large
consumption in the British Isles. The only form in
which the ripe olive is known as a food in Europe
is the dry salted article furnished by Greece. The
duty of every Californian is to promptly expose any
body, by name, who injures us by adulteration ; of
our fine product of luxuries. There is in the world a
profitable market for every gallon of our pure wines,
brandies and oil, and for all sound ripe olives we can
produce and pickle in such condition as to keep and
bear transportation. We contend th/t the actual
producer or manufacturer should have the benefit of
his trademark. One may well look with suspicion
upon a wine, brandY or oil that is labeled simply
"California." The label should bear the name of the
producer or of a responsible house or dealer. Then
responsibility for aduljteratiojycan be traced and men
can be punished under Federal law for the violation
of a copyright in a trademark. This is a matter of
vast importance to California. There is profit in
commercial honor, and those guilty of commercial
WINE, OIL AND OLIVES.
seems the game has its value after all
It is announced that the British authorities have
introduced ping-pong into imbecile wards of poor
houses for the purpose of affording the inmates an
easy and innocent amusement at a small cost. So it
PLATINUM— B. F. S. x Spenceville, Cal.
For such information as you desire in re
lation about platinum, address a com
munication to the State Mining Bureau in
tlte Ferry building, San Francisco. '
Mrs. Brown— Does my husband ever de
ceive me? Of course he does. But then,
I get square with him.
Mrs. Greene— Tou don't mean that you
deceive him?
Mrs. Brown— That's just what I da I
deceive him by pretending to believe the
fairy stories he tells me.— Boston Trans
cript.
"And now, my children," said the teach
er, who had been talking about military
fortifications, "can you tell me what is a
buttress?"
"Please, ma'am," cried little "Willie,
snapping his fingers, "its a nanny goat." —
Milwaukee Evening "Wisconsin. ' "'/
He — "I had Miss Tuck out rowing last
night, but she was very awkward la the
boat. I was surprised."
She— ""Why so?"
"Because being a dressmaker I supposed
of course, she'd know how to trim a
boat." — Yonkers Statesman.
» • ¦
Cal. glac fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a."
¦ ? »
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
» ? ¦
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 639 Market
street, Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. - *
Among the articles made in Philippine
prisons are tables inlaid with pearl and
oyster shells.
P? Going to Thunder Mountain P?
The Northern Pacific Railway Is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewiston
and Stltes. Idaho, there are *rood wagon roads
to eHher Warrens or Dixie, from -which points
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc., address T. K. STATELER,
G. A.. «7 Market it.. S. P. : •
DIME AND HALF-DIME— H. B. I*,
Sierra County, Cal. A dime of 18S4, coined
in San Francisco, is wortn just 10 cents,
and a half-dime coined in 1862 in worth'
5 cents, that and nothing more.
DRAW PEDRO— P., Sacramento, Cal.
If, In a game of draw pedro, "A gives six,
B seven, calls spades trumps and
asks for six cards," he can make it spades
or anything he -wants to.
MISS STONE— E. R. C, Oakdale, Cal.
In the latter part of April Miss Stone, the
missionary, was a free woman. She was
at that time arranging to deliver a series
of lectures In this country.
TWO COINS— C. A. R.. San Rafael, Cal.
Half dimes of 1871 and three-pence pieces
of 1881 (English), do 'not command a prem
ium.
A HALF DOL.LAR-D. M. A.. Stockton,
Cal. A half dollar of 1810 Is not classed
as a premium coin.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The Union and Central Pacific and the, Santa Fe
are straightening their lines, reducing grades and sub
stituting tangents for curves, to the great betterment
of their speed and service. These changes are de
manded and warranted by the increasing volume and
importance of transcontinental business. It may,
occur to large railroads that all this travel has to
make a great curve to reach Chicago at all. A tan
gent from Omaha to New York would save a degree
and a half of northing twice run, or three degrees in
unnecessary distance, o~ over two hundred miles. At
an average rate of fifty miles per hour that is a run
of four hours wasted in a great northerly curve that is
unnecessary. At forty miles, which may be assumed
as the rate of limited trains, the time lost is five hours.
Xo doubt the improvement made by taking out these
petty curves in the overland roads will suggest a tan
gent that will reduce the time to New York to nearly
three days from San Francisco.
As railroad policy for this city,. such reduction is of
vast importance. When the. isthmian canal is built
our ability to hold much conlmerce, which will other
wise never pass here, will depend upon the element of
time in transcontinental transmission. No doubt that
consideration is already affecting the policy of the
overland roads and causes the extensive physical bet
terments they are making.
If this be so, we are receiving the benefit of the
canal in advance of its construction.
A through car will further reduce the expected
shortening to four days. Chicago has heretofore
been very successful in her policy of breaking all
overland trips. She was formerly able to do the same
with all travel from the Northwest to New England.
But this was broken up when the Soo line was built
from St. Paul and Minneapolis directly across the
northern peninsula of Michigan.
The control of the roads concerned has now
changed, and New York dominates them. While this
shortening of time between Chicago and the Atlantic
seaboard is desirable, it is only a step -to what
ought to be. There should be no long stop nor
change of cars in Chicago for transcontinental pas
sengers. The transit of mails is now made continuous
by transferring at Englewood. Passengers should
have equal facility. There is no more need of chang
ing cars in Chicago than at Omaha or Cedar Rapids.
It is an unnecessary inconvenience. Passengers who
board a car at Oakland mole or Point Richmond
should be saved the delay and trouble, as well as the
extra charge of 50 cents for the inter-depot transfer,
which goes to the Parmelee Company/ .' ¦'.*
THE time by rail on passenger trains from here
to New York is now about four days and four
hours. This is lo be reduced by four hours
through shortening the time on the New York
Central and Pennsylvania Central trains east
of Chicago. This is good as far as it goes.
The trains that accomplish the long run in that short
time do not need to do it by running at a dangerously
high speed, but by omitting stops. At present an un
necessary delay occurs in Chicago. That great city
has heretofore dominated the policy of the roads that
center there, and has succeeded in so arranging
time-cards that every through passenger must change
cars there, break the continuity of his journey and
wait from two and a half to eight hours before pro
ceeding.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
SHORTER TIME.
THURSDAY ...JUNE 5, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All CommcaicattOM to W. S. LEAKS, Haniger.
6sk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
ri'BLICATIOIV OFFICES. . .Marlcet and Third, S. F.
rCDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered hy Carrier*. 15 Cents Per "Week
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including; Postage!
DAILY CALL, (including Bunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL — By Single Month.... 65c
6rNDAT CALL. One Year 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Eample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers Jn ordering char.-e of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to lmurs a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLASTD OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGITESS,
Kaaiget Foreign Advertising, K&rgnette Building, Chietgo
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
KEW YORK /REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH feO Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman Hoofe: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIJTGTOK (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., Jf. W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
B RAJS' CH OFFICES— — B27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 6:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22G1
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, ©pen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. m.
Democracy, has no policy nor programme with re
spect to the Philippines, neither has it any with re
spect to American labor and capital, . unless free
trade, which threatens the welfare of both, should
be deemed the Democratic programme on that sub
ject. About all; that the opposition can say against
the positions taken in the Ohio platform is to assail
the administration or the army. It will not be diffi
cult to dispose of such attacks. The people know
that the country is prosperous, that public affairs
are being well managed, and will vote to keep
them so.
Upon those three issues of the time the position
of the Republicans of Ohio is impregnable. It is
known that when the Democrats had control of the
Federal Government they made no effort to enforce
the Sherman anti-trust law, nor did they enact a
single statute designed to controlor regulate /trusts.
On that issue the Republican record stands in oppo
sition to the Democratic record, and if the Demo
crats attempt to make the campaign this fall on that
issue they will be on the defensive from start to
finish.
One of the salient features of the platform is the
fullness with which the relations of labor and capi
tal, so far as they are subject of legislation, are
treated. After citing and indorsing a statement of
Lincoln, "CapitaJ is the fruit of labor- and could
never have existed if labor had not first existed," the
convention went on to declare: "To secure for labor
the consideration it deserves; to uphold the dignity
of toil; to create a healthy public opinion on the
subject of labor, and the justice of its receiving a
full^share of the values it creates; to bring labor and
capital together on common ground in the adjust
ment, of such questions as may concern these two
great factors in production, it is necessary that labor
should be intelligently organized. We believe that
fewer. hours and larger rewards for labor harmonize
the interests of labor and capital and tend to -lighten
the burden of toil." .
Equally explicit is the declaration concerning the
Philippines. The platform says: "The war with
Spain was forced on us against our will, and the
Philippines came to us as one of the results of that
conflict. We are responsible for peace and order in
the islands, and our sovereignty must be as absolute
as our responsibility. ; Our titlfc.to the islands is as
perfect as was that of Spain after nearly 400 years
of undisputed possession. We will give their people
better government, better schools, more civil and
political rights and a higher civilization and broader
freedom than are possible for them in any other way.
Our flag is in the Philippines, and there it will re
main."
Upon the three issues that now chiefly engage. the
attention of the country, the trust problem, the Phil
ippines and the relations of labor and capital, the
platform speaks, with ample force and fullness!
Upon the first issue Democratic agitators who are
.so noisy in their shouts, against so-called monopo
lists are met by the statement: ... "The Republican
party is the only one that has dealt courageously
and honestly with the! trust question. It enacted as
early as 1890 a law framed by that distinguished
statesman, John Sherman," to prohibit and punish
combinations in restraint of trade, the control of
wages, or the advancement of prices. This act,
framed by a Republican statesman, passed by a Re
publican Congress and /signed by a Republican
President, has proved helpful in preventing abuses
by such combinations where such abuses were found
to exist, and x is° now being applied by a
Republican administration in the prosecution of un
lawful combinations."
OWING to the importance of Ohio as a Stata
and the eminence of its representatives in
Congress the platform adopted by the Ohio
Republicans has naturally attracted widespread "at
tention. It is the first clear: enunciation from -an
authoritative source of thfc issues upon which the
party will make the Congressional campaign and the
grounds upon which it will ask the-votes- of the peo
ple. The .platform is the more interesting because
it was drawn &p by. the friends ' of Senator Hanna,
who has so frequently been "spoken of as a candidate
for the Presidency, and who in, many respects is *the
foremost Republican in Congress:'
THE OHIO PLATFORM.
One of the curious freaks of the intense heat that
swept down upon Martinique is stated in the report
that in one of the ruined, buildings there were found
a number of glasses that had been fused, twisted and
flattened, but the wooden shelf on which they rested
was not charred. In another place there were found
a doll and a small table set of metal plates; the metal
was fused, but the body of the doll was not burned.
Just how such things occurred is one of the problems
that science will have to work at for a long time be
fore it finds the solution. .
The~ Chutes presents an Orpheum pro
gramme this week. The entertainment
furnished the visitors is very good. Dooley
and Fowley, Bacon and Vane, the Two
Lamonts and other clever performers are
on its bill. _* '¦''
The Neill Company is doing well with
"The Red Knight," Broadhurst's latest
play. It is a romantic comedy and
abounds in humor. A number of changes
have been made by the author and the
production runs smoothly. The Neill
Company is at its*best and the efforts of
the members are appreciated. The mount
ings for the play are very handsome.
Well filled houses have -been noted at
every performance. Next week "The Jilt"
will be presented.
Peter Dailey and his clever company are
in their last week at the Orpheum. Their
performance of "A Dress Rehersal" is one
of the best things produced at the pop
ular house In months. Daily is simply
inimitable. Irene Franklin has a number
of new songs which she renders in clever
manner. Lottie Gladstone- has proven
herself one of the cleverest women ' in
her line who has ever, visited the Or
pheum. Le Roy and Clayton are fun
makers; Murphy and Slater do some very
clever dancing, and the balance of the
bill is exceptionally good.
"The Sidewalks of New York" has
proved an immensely popular attraction
at the Central Theater this week. The
scenic effects are of a rare order and the
specialties are excellent. Little Reyna
Belasco, in her dances, , charms the au
diences, and comes in for several encores
nightly. The Paloma Quartet of . female
voices also receive hearty plaudits. Next
week the Central will produce the popular
Eastern drama, "A Guilty mother," with
the strongest cast in the history of the
house, including Fanny Mclntyre, An
nette Marshall, Margaret Wycherly, Geor
gie Cooper, Agnes Ranken, Mabel Bow
man and Anita Fallon; Earle . Brown,
James Corrigan, Stanlev Ross, Elmer
Booth, Edwin T. Emery, Will H. Bray
Julius McVicker, George Nicholls and
George P. "Webster.
The "Toy Maker" is drawing well at
the Tivoli. This popular opera was a
great success last season and those who
have seen it before are coming back a
second and even a third time to listen to
the catchy music and laugh at the antics
of Hartman, Webb, Cashman and the
dolls. The work of Miss Myers has been
exceptionally good, despite the fact she
has been indisposed. The toy shop scene
is extremely funny. New songs have been
introduced and the opera is better
mounted than before. '[ v
Maud Fealyf the youngest leading lady
who has ever played in this city, is mak
ing a great success at the Grand Opera
house. During the present week .she is
scoring heavily in "My Lady Dainty."
The play is from the pen of that prolific
and clever writer, Iviadeline Lucette Ry
ley. The play is a pretty- one and j is
splendidly mounted. The company gives
excellent support to Miss Fealy.
This is the last week of the popular
members of Alcazar Stock Company. Mr.
Alsop and Miss Converse complete their
"season next Sunday night. Their work
during the past three months has been of
high order. They have won popularity
and they will be missed by the patrons of
the house. "His Wife's Father" finishes
the week. ¦
The demand for seats for the /Florence
Robert season, which begins at the Al
cazar on Monday next, has been very
heavy. On Tuesday last the sale opened
for the first two weeks of "Zaza," Bel r
asco's great play, in which Leslie Carter
scored heavily. An unbroken line ex
tending, from the box-office down to Stock-'
ton street remained until long after the
noon .hour, and - within three hours of
the opening of the sale the /entire house
for the first night was sold out
Kathryn Kidder presenting her. splendid
production of "Francillon" will close her
.engagement at the Columbia: Theater on
Saturday night. The performance is one
well worth witnessing. The great dram
atic treat promised for next Monday night
by Charles Frohman will ."undoubtedly
eclipse anything yet attempted • in the
staging of plays in this city. Henry Mil
ler and Margaret Anglin at the head of a
special company comprising over twenty
of the leading players in" this, country will
undoubtedly find a grand welcome await
ing their appearance next Monday, night
at the Columbia In A. "W. Pinero's com
edietta in four acts, "Ttelawny of the
"Wells." The company is considered by
those who are-^good judges as the most
perfect organization ever brought together
in this country. , They will appear In a
series of the latest successes and some re-,
vivals. The advance sale of seats will
commence this morning. No order of any
description has been taken in advance in
justice to those who will be in line before
the box-office window. - i
The Theatrical Employes' Association
will be given a benefit performance this
afternoon at Fischer's'Theater. The mem
bers of the "Fiddle Dee Dee" company
have volunteered their services, as has
also every person connected with the popu
larplayhouse. The sale of seats augurs well
for a big attendance. The burlesque has
scored heavily and at every performance
the "standing room only" sign is exhib
ited. Messrs. Bernard, Kolb, Dill and
Blake have introduced new .'specialties.
Miss Amber sings a new song and Miss
Gallick is rapidly becoming a favorite.
The Board of Education yesterday ex-^
onerated Dr. M. E. Blanchard,; principal
6t the Hancock grammar school, of the
charges of unprofessional conduct in hav
ing, it was alleged, dictated a' false re
p6rt regarding the punishment adminis
tered by him to a pupil named John Rag
giG. The resolutions of exoneration re
cite that the only evidence in support of
the charges was given by Miss Emma
Perry, whose reputation for truth and ve
racity the board holds to have been suc
cessfully impeached. The resolution con
tinues:
Whereas. Certain charges of violation of the
rules of the Board of Education and of un
professional conduct have heretofore been for
mally presented by the Superintendent of Com
mon Schools against Dr. M. E. Blanchard, prin
cipal of the Hancock Grammar School; and
Whereas, A hearing of said charges was had
before this board on May 26, May 27 and May
2S. 1002, . and said matter was- submitted for
the consideration and determination of ¦ this
board: and
"Whereas. As to specifications I and n of
said charges, the same were disregarded at
said hearing as having heretofore been acted
upon by this board, and as to the remaining
specifications, no sufficient evidence having
been adduced in support thereof except the
testimony of one witness whose reputation for
truth and veracity was successfully Impeached;
now. therefore, be it
Resolved, That this board finds said charges
not sustained, and that Dr. M. E. Blanchard
be and is hereby fully exonerated therefrom.
Director Roncovieri opposed the adop
tion of the resolution on the ground that
there never was a trial of Principal Blan
chard on the charge' of 'cruelly beating
Pupil Raggio, although the trial could
have been held under the provisions of
the Political Code. The resolution exoner
ating Blanchard was then adopted, with
Dfnman, Mark and 'Woodward in favor
and Roncovieri against.
Superintendent of Schools Webster filed
a communication In which he stated that
on the advice of his attorney he had de
cided to do nothing with the charges
against G. H. Foulks preferred by Mrs.
G. M. Finks. The board adopted the re
port of the Superintendent and agreed to
take no action. It developed that Foulks'
accuser had failed to appear to back up
her charges.
A resolution was adopted providing that
all pupils who have not been regularly
promoted to any high school in this city
or State and who desire to enter any San
Francisco high school may take an ex
amination for admission to the high
schools on Tuesday, July 22, 1002, at Low
ell hleh school.
The petition of the "West of Castro
Street Club that the board fit up the
basement of the new school to be erected
at Twenty-fourth and Douglass streets
for use as a gymnasium and training
school for a boys' club formed after the
plan of the Columbia Park Boys' Club
was taken under advisement.
Secretary Deane called attention to the
fact that coal cost the people of Califor
nia 510,000,000 in 1901. All that money went
out of the State. He predicted that the
present year would show a reduction in
the amount paid for coal of one-half, or
$5,000,000. Oil was taking the place of coal
as fuel. The association had perfected
an envelope Index of 1200 California oil
companies, together with maps of every
oil district in the State, with the produc
ing territory marked on them. The work
of the association in the last twelve
months was described. iA.n exhibition of
California petroleum and of the Industry
connected with the production was rec
ommended for placement In every com
mercial museum In the United States.
Money would be needed for thi3 and leg
islation would have to be looked after In
Sacramento the coming winter, the secre
tary said. ¦ 7
There is no reason why the great oil Industry
should be smirched by a lot of schemers leas
ing a few acres of land and promising to
pay impossible dividends, and even sometimes
paying a few out of the very money they re
ceive from the sales of stock.
Many letters come to us asking for informa
tion and advice as to* which oil company the
writer should buy stock in. We have invariably
answered that we gaVe no such advice, but
referred" to responsible brokers. The result of
our action Is that to-day there are really very
few companies In California working on the
credulity of the public, for they know they
will be exposed by this association just as soon
as it comes to their knowledge. Ws hope to
continue this good work, regardless of whose
head we may hit.
When the present directors took office they
found that there ! were in the association, as
members, many fake oil companies. Our first
work was to weed them out, which we did
without sparing the knife. Any oil company
that -was not really improving lta land, or
whose management we had any reason to be
llevo was simply aTstock sellinsr proposition,
we erased from our books. We also refused to
accept as members any oil company which
did not have something to show as a legiti
mate oil proposition to Its stockholders. We
commenced a crusade against fake companies,
both here and throughout the East, mere catch
penny advertising schemes, by answering hun
dreds of letters, writing to the principal papers,
and publishing in every way that we were
ready to tell exactly the truth without cost
to the Inquirers.
Secretary Deane told of the work of the
association in the direction of weeding out
of fake oil companies. In part, he said:
The reports that were submitted by
Vice President Briggs and Secretary C. T.
Deane reviewed the happenings of the
year. Mr. Brigga spoke of the loss by
death of J. M. Gleaves, who was the first
vice president of the association. Mr.
Briggs said the association had received
enough encouragement from the public to
warrant the continuation of its work. He
advocated keeping the association upon a
high plane, having for its only purpose
the advancement and promotion of the oil
Industry in this State. It should be to the
mining of petroleum what the California
Miners' Association has been to the min
ing for precious metals, he said. Its in
terest would eventually be felt in all the
commercial and manufacturing centers of
the world. - .
An, annual meeting. of the California
Petroleum Miners' Association was new
yesterday. Reports were received and dt
rectors-were elected. The board of direc
tors includes M. H. de Young, Arthur K-
Briggs, E. P. Heald, G. X. Wendling, E.
A. Denicke, Henry J. Crocker, W. A. Ja
cobs, Ed Aigeltinger, C. T. Deane, George
H. Ismon and Joseph Chanslor.'- In the
absence of the president, Arthur K.
Briggs, the vice president, presided.
The Governor has announced his programme as to
Colonel Otis, who is to be sued in civil damages,
while Mr. Spreckels and Mr. Leake are to be treated
criminally. But there is a portentous uncertainty
about what is to happen to Mr. de Young, which may
result in that gentleman's permanent exile. As for
him, the Governor threatens to deal with him "ap
propriately." This may mean by court-martial, of
the drum-head variety, or some other novel method.
Perhaps it may suit the proposed victim of appro
priate punishment to negotiate before he surrenders
by re-entering this jurisdiction. As for us, we are
here and can only sit and wait for the executive light
ning to strike. When it flashes we are completely
ready. . *
But this resort to the courts does not excuse the
Prison Directors. They may get interaction as soon
as they please. There may arise delays in the courts,
and the lime in the Directors' whitewash may over
slackj or the bristles loosen in their brush. The peo
ple have read the evidence as far as it has been dis
closed, and they want to know what sort of Prison
Directors the State hss.
We will endeavor to please- him by making it com
plete, unless it shall turn out that in seeking a crim
inal remedy he may be able to abridge the investiga
tion behind some limitation in the presentation of
evidence. As such abridgment would not serve. his
purpose for vindication, we assume that he seeks not
to be whitewashed on one side but on all, and will
not take advantage of any restriction.
We are gratified to agree with the Governor in in
dorsement of the courts and a desire to seek a judi
cial finding in the matter. It is for him to explain
why publications which on May 26 nowhere accused
him of wrongdoing, according to his Los Angeles
interview, became libels upon him. on June 3. It is
no doubt a pleasure to him to seek vindication in the
courts, but it will be observed that, though on pleas
ure bent, he has a frugal mind, for by beginning
criminal proceedings he puts the cost of his proposed
Vindication upon the taxpayers, whereas in a civil
suit he has to give b'ond for those costs and luxuriate
at his own expense. But as we cannot control ,his
methods we highly approve of his resort to the judi
cial tribunals. The Prison Directors have no judicial
powers and cannot issue a subpena and compel at
tendance of witnesses; they seem powerless even to
secure inspection of the books of the prison, which
are public records and by law open to all. But a
court can issue subpenas to witnesses and compel
their attendance, and a subpena duces tecum to the
clerk and secretary and. Warden of the prison and
compel them to bring books, bills and records into
court. Evidently the Governor studies to please, and
he pleases us by making the inquiry judicial.
His second statement is- in . one of his San Fran
cisco organs, the Examiner, in the form of a signed
statement, published June 3. In this he says: "So
far as Warden Aguirre is concerned I have known
him a great many years. I believe him to be a thor
oughly honest man. * * * I have confidence in
the man and believe in his integrity, but if he has
done anything criminally wrong he must stand the
consequences. But, as to myself, I know that prior
to and ever since my induction into the Governor's
office I have been an honest man, and I know that
these publications are a libeL upon me. I propose to
punish the publishers thereof, both civilly and crim
inally. It is my intention to arrest John D. Spreckels
and Sam Leake for their publications, and to sue the
Los Angeles .Times and Colonel Otis for their con
nection with the affair; and as to De Young, I will,
when he comes within the jurisdiction of the State
courts, deal with him appropriately. I propose to
submit my case to the courts of the State, where I
believe justice will prevail." .
SINCE the San Quentin methods were revealed
and discussed the Governor has referred to the
affair in two statements. The first appeared in
his Los Angeles organ, the Record, on May 26. .In
that, referring to the' publication in The Call, he
said: "You will notice that nowhere in these articles
is it said that I had any knowledge of wrongdoing or
participated knowingly in anything wrong." It ; is
easy to see that a man may be the innocenf and un
conscious beneficiary of a crime. He may eat stolen
food, receive a stolen horse as a gift, and in countless
ways be the direct beneficiary of crime, and be per
fectly innocent. That was the Governor's view of his
situation on the 26th ult.
On the one hand it means the defense of the pub
lic health against that which endangers it, and on the
other it protects the producer against loss arising in
fraudulent competition.;. It is time for efficient statu
tory action. Let us have it. •
dishonor should be promptly punished. In a few
months nominees for State officers and the, Legisla
ture will be before the people?asking votes. What
better or more worthy issue can be 'injected into a
campaign than this? The voters are. the taxpayers.
Their capacity to support the State government is
inherent in their profits gained in industrial produc
tion. The wool-growers" of the country are asking
Federal legislation to protect them '- against shoddy
fabrics and the consumer from fraud in his clothing.
The butter-makers are protected by recent legislation
against the substitution of oleomargarine. Why do
not our producers of wine, brandy, oil and olives
deserve as much protection as these, and why should
not the State and Federal governments give it?
FISCHER'S WILL
BE CROWDED AT
BENEFIT TO-DAY
BLANCHARD IS
EXONERATED OF
GRAVE CHARGE
OIL MEN MEET
AND LISTEN TO
ANNUAL REPORTS
PRISON INVESTIGATION.
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAT, JUNE 5, 1Q02.
6
1 A San Franciscan 1
1 Spends |
I One Hundred and |
I Two Days in a: I
I Sovth African Jail. I
§ The most interesting story 0! the Boer a
wh:re to go camping. . the swell lades wear pi:.
Beginning of a scries cf camping TUBE HATS WITH DECOLLETE
stories, with illustrations. GOWNS.
THE VISITING SHRINER& WHO Find cot who they are in next
ARE THEY ? Sunday's CalL^
See next Sunday's CalL j JHE 0LDEST ADO3E H0U3E
TOMMY ATKINS. WHO IS «Hc? ' -
cx^v^xt* ! HOW CELERY IS GROWN AND
STORY OF THE LOST DUTCHMAN MARKETED IN CALIFORNIA
MINE. ; . -
- A thrilling story of the West K^ 0 TtiB WOLFVILLE STORES
FULL,PAGS POSTER BY J. A. .CA, tY ALFFE ° HENRY LBWn
MLL - FASHIONS, FICTION AND HUMAN
Get this sure Best yet putlishsd. INTEREST STORIES.
J-r^Drt^^?, AY CALL MAGAZ INE SECTION CONTAINS MOSE WESTiRN
STORIES THAN ALL OTHER SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY PAPERS COMBINED
Call subscribers contemplating: a chnngre of
residence daring the Mummer months can have
their paper forwarded by mnll to their new
addresses hy notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
all towns on the coast. -
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.The claims of San Francisco specula
tors, which aggregated more than $50,000,
were refused on the ground that the ship
had not arrived at Portland, Or.; that a
call at San Francisco was not provided
for in the policies, and that the vessel had
been condemned and was a loss anyway.
The San Francisco claimants based their
demand for payment on the ground that
the vessel was sufficiently seaworthy to
have reached Portland and the old world
underwriters have evidently come to the
The Otto Gildemeister was bound to
Portland, Or., from Yokohama. She made
a long passage and when she was towed
Into San Diego, dismasted, all hope for
her satety had been abandoned. She was
toweu here and the board of survey that
examined her reported that it would take
three-fourths of the vessel's insured val
ue to put her in her former condition.
Under the German rule of underwriting
this made her a total los$. She was con
demned and sold and as the Homeward
Bound Is now trading under the American
flas.
The dispatch reads, "We are willing to
submit all claims to arbitration if your
people will agree." As the people here
had given up all hope of realizing on
their speculation, Newell expects to have
no difficulty in getting a unanimous agree
ment to abide by the decision of an arbi
tration committee.
tors who eighteen months ago
risked their money on the chance of the
Fafe arrival of the German ship Otta
Gildemeister.
A CABLEGRAM received yesterday
from London by M. A. Newell &
Co. holds forth hope of the pay
ment for the reinsurance specula-
Continued on Page Eight.
"Wednesday, June 4.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, 69 hours from
Portland, ! via Astoria 49 hours.
Stmr Newburg, Erickson, 62 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Noyo, Kllefsen, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Arctic. Erickson. 25 hours from Eu
reka. •
Stmr Aztec, Trask, 81 hours from Nanalmo.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 19 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Scotia, Erickson, 16 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Rival, Olsen, 74 hours from South
Bend.
Ship Spartan, McArthur, 9 days from Se-
Bktn Katie Fllcklnger, Zenthner, 6 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Brasting, 0 - days from
Port' Gamble. . . •
Schr John' A, NUson, 4 days from Columbia
River. ' ¦' .
Schr S Danlelson, Larsen, 15 -hours from
Fish Rock.
CLEARED.
. '„ ' Wednesday, June 4.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. • ; . :
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, Hllo; Welch
& Co. . "¦•-..-¦
SAILED.
. . Wednesday. June 4,
Stmr Ryba. Cantillion. Blaine. .
Stmr Santa Monica, . Olsen, Eureka,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The bark Amy Turner sailed yesterday for
Hllo with a general cargo valued at $25,721).
The cargo included the following merchandise
and produce: 6295 lbs bread, 3610 gals wins,
495 bbls flour, 1906 ctls barley, 34,077 lbs mid
dlings, 48,124 lbs bran, 141 ctls wheat, 127,860
lbs rolled barley, 2000 lbs dried peas, 120 ctls
potatots, 3150 lbs lard, 656 bales hay, 202,625
lbs fertilizer, 25 bbls beer, 15 pkgs dry goods,
4 pkgs electrical ' supplies, 46 sks coal, 200 cs
powder, 10 cs blasting caps and fuse, 50 cs and
144 gals whisky, -44 cs shoes, 9 pkgs bicycles
and sundries, 26 pkgs fresh fruits. 118 pkgs
mlllwork, 200 bbls lime, 500 lbs tobacco, 50 cs
coal oil, 31 coils rope, 21 cs lamp goods, 25 cs
canned goods, 751 pkgs groceries and provis
ions.
A Cargo for Hilo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN'.
The schooner Aloha loads general mer
chandise here for Lahaina and Kailua and the
bark Alden Besse, same cargo for Honolulu.
Goes to Mexico.
The brig Consuelo has been sold by the
Charles Nelson Company to Mexican parties,
and when she leaves here It will be to return
no more.
The British bark Antlope, which sailed on
Tuesday for Ladysmith, returned to port yes
terday on account of having broken her wind
lass. Repairs will be made here.
Broke Her Windlass.
The brig Lurline was obliged to put into
Guaymas on account of springing a leak. She
resumed her voyage June 1. The Lurline re
cently went ashore and is being brought home
under the supervision of Captain von Helma.
who was sent down by the underwriters and
who succeeded in getting the vessel afloat and
repaired sufficiently to sail home.
Lurline Again Leaking.
Charles R. Palmer, lately mate of the army
transport tender Slocum, has been appointed
chief officer of the coast survey steamer Ged
ney. M. Hunter, who was second officer on
the Warren, has been given similar rank on
the Gedney. and the third officer of the survey
beat will be J. Stanton. who was fifth officer
op. the Thomas. The Gedney Is at Seattle. The
three mariners will leave this morning on the
Umatilla.
Transport Officers for Gredney.
The American ship Spartan, which arrived
yesterday from Seattle, had to anchor for sev
eral hours off Point Bonlta to save herself
from going ashore. She was sailing in. The
wind fell suddenly and left the ship at the
mercy of the currents. She was anchored for
spveral hours. The Spartan was nine days mak
ing the trip from Seattle. She brought 2222
tens of coal.
Spartan. Loses the Wind.
tf Stmr ¦ Lyra, Williams, Seattle.
Stmr Newburg.Erlckson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Westport, Smith, Bear Harbor.
Bark >my Turner, Warland, Hllo.
SPOKEN.
April 14, lat 15 S, Ion 27 W— Br bark Beech
dale, from Fraser River, for Liverpool.
June 1, lat 49 N, Ion 7 "W— Ger ship Alster,
from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
June 1, lat 41 N, Ion 9 W— Ger ship Chris
tel. from Antwerp, for San Diego.
May 31, lat 23 16 N. Ion 74 22 W— Stmr Fi
nance, frcm New York, for Colon.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 4. 10 m — Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed in June 4— Ger stmr
Hathor, hence May 31, for Tacoma; Br stmr
Victoria, hence May 31, for Lady smith; stmr
Eureka from Kahului, for Seattle; stmr Grace
Dollar # *hence May 31, for Seattle; itmr Edith,
hence June 1, for Seattle.
Passed out June 4— Stmr Ohio, from Seattle,
for Nome: schr Wm Nottingham, from Ta
coma, for Shanghai.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 4— Stmr Lakme.
hence June 1; stmr Columbia, hence June 2.
Sailed June 4 — Br ship Lord Shaftesbury, for
Queenstown.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 4— Schr Wawona,
for Grays Harbor.
ROCKPORT — Sailed June 4 — Schr Alumna,
for San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Arrived June 2— Schr Lily, hence
May 23.
PORT TOWN SEND— Passed In June 4—
• Barge Richard III, from Alaska.
Arrived June 4 — Shin Emily F Whitney,
hence May 18; schr Lottie Bennett, from Val
paraiso; stmr Eureka, from Honolulu.
' SAN PEDRO — Sailed June 4 — Schr J M Col
man, for Tacoma; stmr Despatch, for San
Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Sailed June 4— U S stmr
Wisconsin, for Bremerton.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 4— Schr
Roy Somers, hence May 20.
Sailed June 4 — Ger bark Visurgis, for Val
paraiso.
ABERDEEN — Arrived June 4 — Stmr Se
quoia, hence May 25.
TACOMA — Arrived June 4^ — Schr John F Mil
ler, h«nce May 22.
Sailed June 4 — Schr Wm NottinKham. for
Shanghai.
Arrived June 4 — Bark Coloma. from Cajlao.
ROCKPORT — Sailed June 4 — Stmr Navarro,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 3 — Stmr Cbas Nel
son, from Whatcom June 4 — Stmr Bertha,
from Illamna.
Sailed June 3 — Stmr Ohio, for Nome.
The State Board cr Harbor Commissioners
met yesterday afternoon In regular session and
disposed of the routine 'business that has accu
mulated since the last meeting. The flre which
occurred In the fern' depot on June 2 damaged
the roof and rooms of the State Mining Bureau
to the extent of $106 50. The payroll for May
was allowed and ordered paid. It amounts to
$24,105 75, against $22,727 40 for April. People
that fought their way along the water front
through the dust clouds raised by the .May
•winds will be interested and perhaps surprised
to learn that the Harbor Commissioners ex
pended $2731 50 for sweeping and watering the
wharves and roadway and $975 for Janitor work
in the ferry depot.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
conclusion that there may be some merit
In this contention.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1902.
Cable Their Willingness to Submit Matter to Arbitration if Local
Speculators, Whose Interest Is $50,000, Agree.
OLD WORLD MARINE UNDERWRITERS
MAY PAY GILDEMEISTER CLAIMS
VESSEL WHICH WAS COMPELLED
TO ANCHOR OFF POINT BONITA
TO AVOID GOING ASHORE.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
GINGERY VAUDEVILLE!
IiO Boy & Clayton; Irene Franklin;
Hill and Whitaker; Murphy and
Slater, and the Biograph. Last
times of Peter F. Dailey and Com-
pany; Stuart Barnes; Two Little
Pucks, and Lotta Gladstone.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
LOOK OUT FOR
THE MOTOGIRL
THE SENSATIONAL MYSTERY OF THE
DAY. -
f*ftl 1 1MB I A 'wnuaan
V U Li U itlPl #4 LEADING THEATRE
LAST 3 NIGHTS — MATINEE SATURDAY.
KATHRYN K1DDER
In L. Du Pont Syle's Adaptation of Dumas'
FRANCILLON.
Last Time Saturday Night.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
HBNRY MARGARET
MILLER ANGLIN
And a Special Company In A. "W. Plnero's
"TRELAWNY OF THE WELLS."
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
SEAT SALE .BEGINS- THIS MORNING.
o — o
IBAROAIN T#"%..r\ flV 25c&|
J MATINEE * v --' *-»^* * 5Oc |
ft O
ALL THIS WEEK. I
A NEW CHARM. \
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMbS NE1LL
And the XEILL COMPANY,
Presenting Geo. H. Broadhurst's New and Sac*
cessful Romantic Comedy,
THE RED KNIGHT.
Next Sunday Night — Dion Boucicaulfs' Charm-
Ing Racing- Play,
"THE JILT."
•~ ¦ • SEATS JtEADY.
FlSCher's Theater.
WHEN * THE
WE "FAREWELL"
SAID WEEKS
WE DO NOT INTEND TO CLOSE
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
At once, but there is so great a demand for
seats that we would advise you to get them
far in advance. *
Two matinees, Saturday aad Sunday, at 25c.
Night prices. 25c and 50c. Children at mati-
nees, 10c. '
This Afternoon — THEATRICAL EMPLOYES
BENEFIT.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY AND SATURDAY, 3:18 P. M.
FRIDAY, 10:30 A. M., 2:30 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO ys. SACRAMENTO.
. RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison ats.
Advance Sale of Seats. 5 Stockton st. •
SUTRO BATHS.
.- OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
Bathln* from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. lOo. CHILDREN, 5&
Bathing, including admission. 25c: Children 20c.
TJNTTED STATES BBANCH.
STATE/WENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP* THE
MANCHESTER
A1SURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1901, and for
the year endine on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of sections
C10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount <rf Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS. ~~ ~~~
Real Estate owned by Company... $4.2S2 77
Cash Market Vslue of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 1,547.320 00
Cash in Company's Office 721 47
Cash in banks 85,2 ( 2 34
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5,654 17
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 255,103 45
Ellis receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 448 10
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2S5 29
Due from special agents 205 08
Total Assets $1,809,192 67
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $79,584 51
Loesei In proceai of Adjustment
or in Suspense 83,391 56
Loases resisted, including expenses 24,048 03
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or lees. $1,086,-
401 43- reinsurance 50 per cent.. 513,200 78
Grots premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$382,985 S3; reinsurance pro rata 515,179 97
All other Liabilities 69,097 67
Total Liabilities $1,314,502 44
INCOME.
Net ea»h actually received for Fire
premium* 51,412.716 83
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from ail other sources 67,204 17
Total Income $1,469,921 00
. . EXPENDITURES.
ICet amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $177,911 73. losses of
previous years) $1,104,934 58
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ...: 287,630 45
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 92,274 63
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes - C1.678 75
All other payments and expendi-
tures • 92,942 12
Total Expenditures $1,629,360 53
• Fire.
Logggg Incurred during the year. .$1.121.296 56
Risks and Premiums. Fire P-'sks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written curing the
year $182,497,461 $2,108,292 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
,-ear... 189.348,638 2.121,957 06
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901.. 190.343.213 2.069,387 42
" GEO. S. A. YOUNG, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of February. 1902.
EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California.
Pacific Coast Department
323 California Street,
San Francisco.
CEO. W. BROOKS, THOS. J. COIVROY,
Asst. Manager. Manager.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE <K CO. Directors.
patents;! i)
3 ? 'J MARKET ST.SF **w&
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
T T IflF £ C'\ °°° Battery Street,
J- L- WlLjUfl tt LJ-. Telephone Main 1884.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
! ¦ S RH YF? & f 0 Shipping Butchers. 10*
JA3' DUICjaVU clay. Tel. Main 1234.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St.. a F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
EC BUCflES, msgaggfcF.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
£3 First street, Eaa Frandsco. <
AMUSEMENTS.
«LrHEATR/f4>
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND STJNDAT.
WM. H. CRANE'S COMEDY SUCCESS.,
HIS WIFE'S FATHER
NEXT MONDAY, June 9.
Inauguration of Fifth Annual Season
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco'a Great Play,
"ZAZA"
Seats now selling two weeks In advance.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
SOUVENTR TOY MATINEE SATURDAY AT
2 SHARP!
HAS CAPTIVATED THE TOWN!
Tne Magnificent Production of
THE
Toy-Maker!
PERFECT CAST! NEW BONGS! JftlMNt
TOY SHOP- SCENE!
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 60c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
y\ -ifflf fci# fits* wBm J^UbpV' 3 ¦ J Tii.if* 1*3 \ ff
MATINEES SATXTRDAY ANT> SIWDAT. '
EVERY EVENING — ANOTHER BIG HIT.
America's Youngest Star.
MAUDE FEALY
In the Madison Square Theater Success,
"MY LADY DAINTY"
By Madeline Lucette Ryley.
First Time on Any Stage at
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c, 73s
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
NEXT WEEK "MISS HOBBS."
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS -VVKKK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful and Successful Melodrama — THB
SIDEWALKS
OF NEW YORK.
See the thrilling dive for a life A world of
novelties Wholesome comedy.
UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES, tnchading LIT-
TLE REYNA BELA9CO. the Marvel-
ous Child Dancer.
DDTrCC EVENINGS 10c to 50o
riULLO MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25o
NEXT WEEK— "A GUILTY MOTHER."
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenua.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT I
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE!
Concludlnr "With a
PING PONGGAMB
Admission 10c Children ....*»
Phone tor Seats — Park 23.
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE——
CALEDONIAN
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December A D
1901. and for tne year ending on that day as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and «SH of the Political Code
condensed as i>er blank furnished by the Cum'-
mitsioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cast • $200,000 00
ASSETS. =====
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $20° ''OO 00
Cash in Banks l'o3U 18
Interest due and accrued on all '
Stocks and Loans j ggg m
Premiums in due Course of Collec- '
tlon .......... ................... g 898 &S
Due from other Companies for Re- '
Insurance on losses already paid.. 8,638 95
Total Assets $318,782 42
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3 jgQ 0 -
Losaes in process of Adjustment or '
in Suspense 6 52176
Loeses resisted, including expenses.. 1250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
ning one year or less. $15,073 00;
reinsurance 5o per cent 7 03a a*
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
ning more than one year, $9043 20;
reinsurance pro rata r B71 ««
All other liabilities g'SgJ
Total Liabilities $33,042 60
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $51,961 20
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources u jjoq ™
Received for profit on realization of '
investments 6900 M
Total Income $60,242 35
EXPENDITURES. = ===
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $27,316 62, losses of pre-
vious years) $gg gyg -,,
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 5^2 gi
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 4 865 22
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 3,221 CO
All other payments and expendi-
tures 3,995 91
Total Expenditures :. $104,391 86
Fire
Losses Incurred during the year $81.139 81
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $15,703,775 $100,556 23
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 16,184.773 143,850 11
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901.. 2,210,863 24.716 20
CHAS. H. POST, President.
N. A. McNEIL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thfs
29th day of January 1902
H. E. FRANCK. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department
323 California Street,
San Francisco.
GEO. W..BROOKS, THOS. J. CONROY,
Asst. Manager. Manager.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Directors.
A $20 Belt
fuflTMii.rt 1 *^U fr I,-. Mi i. iIITjITI Same, as others
uine; not a toy.
{$$>* ' * >fc) drugs; no
4u ;5fe humbug. It cures wlth-
'Stjiz out medicine. Not sold
*?!?*¦ by druggists. No dis-
counts. Free by mall on receipt of price.
Circulars free. Ask for the "Dr. Alden Elec-
tric Belt." Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 2O0 Post st. S. F., or 33 W.
Twenty-fourth et.. New York.
J >BRis.V m* BJ * *»ts • non-polsonotv
J&jd&E&mMbtZM remedy for Gonorrhoea..
4?>5|*S?'^7iri»-T*<Ksl "l»«t. Spermatorrhoea,
A%&? CURES >S>i Whites, unnatural dis^
«?55* in 1 1» S <Jbj«. VA charges, or any inflammi.-
(yET« Gnwtnteed to *^ tion, irritation or ulcora-
K~Ip r f «hhuh.« tlon of mucous aicm-
CrSr """ ™ * ' branea. Non-astringent.
KeVHEEWNS ChEUICALCO. Sold by Drajrffiata,
iflJBkCIKCINKATI.O .ij$gl or sent in plain wrapper,
>««*£< V.B.X.. >r2?3 by express, prepaid, for
<S^^aft»^jjpi»^aPj| Circular sent on request.'
THE WEEKLY CALL
SI per Year.
AJVEBTTSEMENTS. j
Little Children
can safely take this famous well-
known remedy. Made entirely of
herbs, warranted free from mer-
cury, and poisonous substance, that
is why everyone likes
Beecham's
Pills.
Sold Everywhere— In boxes 10c. and 25a.
Quickly Cured at Home— Any Lady Can
j I Do it— Costs Nothing to Try.
' A new tasteless discovery which can be (rtTen in tea,
•offee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. C. T. U. and all
temperance worker*. It doe* Its work bo silently and
surely that while the devoted wife. Bister or daughter
looks on, the drunkard is reclaimed even afrainst hi' will
and without hi6 knowledge. Send ycur name and address
to Dr. J. W. Ualnes, XW Glenn Bldg., Cincinnati, O-. and
he will mail a trial package of . Golden Specific free to
tho. w how easily it is to cure drunkards with this remedy.
r'ull-clzed boxes of Golden Specific are for
Eale in San Francisco by J. R. GATES & CO..
417 Sansome st.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great/)
#HUS.EUH OF AHATOHYf
A Cfo 1051 JiAEZIT ST. bit. 6'Jj 47th, S.r.Oil. k
\ ,l3f The Larcest Anatomical Museum in the \
It rptwVf>»%. ¦ W° r| d. Weakae»es or any contracted (1
i. SSJ *te«e p*altlv«ly cared hy the oldest "
© 5 te I Specialist on the Coast. HsL 36 years'. O
A l^^fft OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A I WffiPu Conciliation free and stiirtly printe. \
V i MSN Treatment personally or by letter. A ff
\ M W Yi H J " o "" l<1 CuTt in erery c»»e undertal.cn. T
B P I? II A w "te f«r Book. rniLOKOPHY ef A
\ II II unnRUcn, mailed free. (aV
i (J /|. valuable book for mrn) - \
Y OB. JOBDAM A CO., 1051 Market St. S. P. Y
DR. HALL'S fiEINYlGORATGR^ffife
Ktops all losnes in "Jl hours. Five Lwj"™M&U
hundred reward for any case we mam Vtttt&
cannot cure. This secret rem- I k* fa
edy cures £misslona, Impotency, fean fHS
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. 9^ hwfl
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- UL jf.'ijj
hood and all other wasting ef- pS RP1
fects of self-abuse or excesses. SSSsBsBSS&y*
8ent sealed, (2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to curt any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073%
Market st. S. F. Send for free book.
the 1 EMPOBirrar. ) the Earposixng.
I Come Early To-Day * I
I Short Lot Sales I
I For Thursday Oniy, I
if •*
$ A score or more of extra special sales are arranged for J
J to-day (Thursday). We alwavs endeavor to put ;?
j Jf on enough of each class of goods to last the entire j
J day of the sale. Often when 3000 yards of a fabric j
J? would be enough for a day's sale, in order to get the lowest price, we arc "*
jf compelled to take the entire lot of- 4000 yards that the man may have to *
*£ 'sell. After our sales day is over we find 800 or 1000 yards of this •*
If material left, not enough for another day's offering. It is 20 or 30 jg
i j£ such short lot& ss these that we offer for to-day's special selling. Do jj
*C not be disappointed if you come late in the day and find that the article &
t? you wish to bay is all sold out. jf
I To-Day Then, We Offer: J
>f 22-1 ..ch White Lawn Tucking, with French Valenciennes Inserting, a charming material £
*, for fronting* and pretty summer waists, various qualities and styles, in small lots ac one-third jg
jf off regular price?. . «
jr While Waist Pattern?, sheer lawn, with beautifully embroidered fronts, worth |z.oo each, $
two dozen to-day at $fm12 "5
jj» Embroideries and Insertions, fine Nainsook and Cambric, from a to 4 inches wide, worth *<g
jf 20c and 25c, balance of a large lot, to-day, yard 14-O "<C
*[ Good Cambric Embroidery, a to 4 inches wide, worth ioc and iz^c, to-day, yard . 80 S
K English Torchon Laces, 75 dozen, and about 50 dozen Point de Paris Lace*, ranging in «2
jf width from to 4 inches, attractive new patterns, worth 8c, ioc and iz^£c a yard, to- "<g
£ <J»y • - .60 £
* 6 Dozea Pompadour Hair Combs, pretty shell effects, to-day 10 O IE
s* . ••
jf . .
t£ Last Day of Ribhon Sale, 30o and 50 o Qualities, g
£ IQo and 29om £
; tt Dreis Facing for summer Dresses, 3 inches wide, assortment of colors, to-day, yard. — 2/4o «f*
\ Ladies' Hose Supporters, to hook on corset, in colors, to-day, pair 10o
ft Colored Hooks and Eyes, to match colon in dress > goods, worth ioc card, to-day . . 5o %
£ Tf pc A*ea ures, in pretty metal cases, 25c values, to-day 15s Jt
S^ 8-Inch Rubber Combs, good quality, coarse and fine' teeth, to-day, each Jc £
* Perfumed Talcum Powder, the ioc size, to-day Go %
£ Esu de Toilet Violet Water, true odor, 5 dozen of 35c size, to-day, each ..... tOo V.
Sk 7*c Shirt Wahts 39c, odd lots, but all sizes, in the entire lot, made up of many kinds, ,<C
JS£ Striped Madras, Solid Chambray and fancy Percales, this season's make and styles, were «*
J 75c, tiding price to-day .• . 3QO %
Ladiet' Muslin Skirts, full width, deep flounce with deep embroidery and 3 tucks above em- \
tf bro'dery, under ruffle with dust ruffle, a $1.1$ value, will only sell 3 to a single customer, 1%
A at to-day's special price, each .< SOO <2
j J» Men's Cotton Hose, good quality worth 25c pair, purple or tan, to-day . -12c and 13o jc
i If Men's Soft Bosom Shirts, a sample line in size 15 only, Madras and Percales ' 3v
1 *" . . . . { 47o to 87o i
£ Beys' Golf SHrts, in pretty up-to-date Percales, sizes 12^ to 13^, to-day . . . 47c
K Ladi?s' and Misses' Solid Gold Rings, about 100, left from the recent sale, guaranteed )g
jf solid gold with pretty stone settings, to-day 63 O £
j£ Children's Hose, 1x1 ribbed, Hermsdorf fast black, sizes 6 to o^£, a few dozen only, to- "5
'g day, pair ISo X
ft Fine Scotch Madras, the 20c and 25c per yard qualities, fair assortment of patterns and Jt
.. colon, to-day 12O x
% 70-Inch White Organdies, »' fine grade suitable for graduation and evening dresses, worth *<Y
£ 35c a yard, to-day • • • . . 24o 5j
J. Colored Dress Goods Remnants — a thousand or more short lengths £
£> of this season' s*most popular fabrics, suitable for waists, separate skirts and children** %
K dresses, on sale to-day on tables in main aisle at one-quarter off the already reduced rem- - «C
S£ nant prices. <$
*£ Sma'l lots of a dozen different kinds of Framed and Unframed Pictures, from a to a £
jf dozen copies each of many popular music folios, and a hundred and one odds and ends of °T
tf sheet music, on special sale to-day in their departments on second floor. Jt
jf .'. Jt
tt . CALIFORNIA'S LARGE^T>^^V^^^^^i^ *' ' it
>C "**!^J»5^^^^^^>Imerica's grandest store; «5
at '¦ %
***** *aa'*a*'a'a'*aa°*aWa'*'a*a'* 'a'aa'a'a'a'a'a ****k *************
ADVERTISEMENTS.
818-82Q /AARKET 5T, 5AIA FRANCISCO.
SOME OF 01 EXGEPTIOHAL TALDES
MANY OTHERS OH DISPLAY IN OUR WINDOWS. !
n - /gb^^^^^a Men s rurnisnings.
uOOliSi y^^^^^^^^^S^^^^^l Negligee Shirts. Good 75c values at..48c
p • The at>ov e are in the latest colors; to
f^ 01 - 1^ 1 ** worn with whlte collars : made wlth
Books t^^^^^^^^^^^*^ detached cuffs. Superior workmanship.
X ? • ' . . . • . Eliding back, rubber on all ends. Regru-
3 shapes, styles and colors; plain and. lar price. 25c. This week ioc
mounted Men's all linen hemstitched Handker-
B* value, at BOe and 75^ Our prices gf^fS fSS^!t!S!^£i
25c and BOe
Imitation Alligator Club Bags. MilTOrS. *
10 in. 11 in. 12 in. 13 in. 14 in. _. ..
5Oc S3e 6Oc G5c 75c Tlljlll- .ft*"*-^ TfeK.
styiish Beits. Mirrors, Iflf I fc% " | '
Elastic Belts in different styles with oxl- yi r v-i « 1 • fS§{ -
d;zed cr eilt buckles. A great many MviCi |V£| 5S»i" T sN j iffl i
sl'.k and Eaiin belts with fancy buckles Tl?Vsl p'ai^ [ S&Jl^&H' I »iv
; sr.d leather belts with covered **""" 1»/WJ8 «_• ! J-SPSJH . Wi
buckles imc, 4Uc, oi«< Leatter- mf?M a^f J^^^p j j||
Dressing Combs. etie VT "' ; '" <^^| !
Rubber. Celluloid. Horn, Aluminum, gj^ tt'
Ebonized Pocket. Barber, Fine and 'ir >S
Round Combs of the best manufacture: n 6xl5 7xl - 8xl9
p-ac" S at te 2 te**.W • - " - S :. -2^c Ste 4«)c 50c 75e OOc
' r>IlVrf-* nrbTvf* New pames of Pingr-Pong. or Table Tennis, just
• Hll>VJ HCfiMj... arrived. Better values than ever.
Extra Rackets, in wood or sheepskin 50c to 9t-MO
Extra Nets -35c I Extra Balls 50c per dozen
Our Book Department Specials Continue to Eclipse Oar Expectations.
•rh» f»mnn«s Pastime Series of paper novels, which include books by such au-
thors^s OpieRSld. Wm Thomes. Bertha Clay, Lawrence Lynch. Zola, Hall
i Caine, Mrs. Holmes. Conan Doyle, Corelli and many others, that are regu-
larlv "o\& at 25c cut to 1^72C
DOROTHY SOUTH (by Egglestcn); publisher's price $1.50. cut to......Sl.lS
THE MISSISSIPPI BUBBLE (Emerson Hough); publisher's price
3 Jl 50 cut to -* *51»1«S
1 THE CONQUEROR (Gertrude Athertcn); publisher's price $1.50. cut to.. #1.1 S
THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES, publisher's price $1.50. cut to 08c
DOROTHY* VERNON (by Major); publisher's price $1.50 91. OS
AUDREY (Mary Johnston); publisher's price $1.50, cut to $1.O$
n l r • n ~ *,iA Crn-Ciric 75 new and up-to-date styles to select from
Baby Carriages ana uo'taris. ranging in price from $2.00 to $35.00.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Low Rates Allowed by Our New
York Office,
Until June 30 the following prices ¦will
hold good:
Full Set of Teeth (Drexler*s paten t)..S4.OO
$10 Gold Crowns (thlB month) 83.OO
$5 Gold Fillings (this month) . ...JJS1.5O
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL CO.
\ o? New York.
S. F. PARLORS. 1104 MARKET STREET
; Corner Turk.
P/ll/lfP 'Desirable location.
l'ttltlVW unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
/ififl v * ce ? n< * niodern
MilU conveniences are the
gy j. attributes that have
Iif*5ll1/I made these two ho-
Ul Ullll tels popular with
• *__ .' -.g ¦'.'.. tourists and travel-
HatPIC ers who visit San
llUlWld Francisco.
Dr.lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.(LONDON, June 4.— The "Waterbury-
Shrewsbury incident, arising from the use
ot spurs by Lawrence Waterbury, while
playing polo at Hurlingham Saturday,
against which Lord Shrewsbury protested,
has been settled by an exchange of friend
ly letters between Foxhall Keene, captain
of the American team, and Lord Shrews
bury.
Folo Incident Is Closed.
Class reserve stake, thirty-two entries — F.
Jones' Minnie Sankey vs. Pasha Kennels' Regal
Attire; P. J. Horgan's Partial Eclipse vs. J.
Kelly's Governor Mac; T. Sullivan's Vagrant
vs. Kelly & Hanley's Naughty Grl; L. ¦ F.
Hoffman's Jim Douglass vs. J. Hurley's Alfal
fa; J. Hurley's Sugar Cane vs. P. C. Blick's
Yellow Tail; C. dock's Alameda Lad vs. A.
Van der White's Scotch Reel; J. Trade's Belle
Rocket v». J. P. Thrift's Brutus; Aeneld Ken
nels' Aeolus vs. Kelly & Hanley's Fearful Slip;
T. Jolley's Toronto vs. J, Downlng's Sir Law
rence; P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold vs.
Pasha Kennels' Real Aristocrat; Chlarinl Bros.'
Sempronius vs.. T. Cox's Crockett Hill; J. F.
Rogers' Glaucus vs. F. C. Maclrs Delia M:
M. Nealon's Pat Freedom vs. A. R. Curtis'
Fly-by-Nlght; C. O. Peterson's Lady Nellie vs.
J. W. Fahey's October Lad; T. Jplley's Little
May vs. J. Seggerson's Gold Hill; W. Cream
er's Golden Age vs. P. C. Blick's Advance
Guard.
Reserve stake, twenty-four entries — H. F.
Anderson's Highlander vs. A. McLeod's Blonde
Beauty; P. Reilly' s Lord Grannan vs. L. M.
Connell's Honest John;'D. Donovan's Railway
Boy vs. A. McLeod's Pure Pearl; A. R. Curtis'
Orlando vs. O. Prior's Nellie Grey; L. M. Con
nell's Republic vs. G. Coomb's Rustic Arbor;
Pasha Kennels' Real Lassie vs. D. Erskine's
Lavender; M. Grady's Real Affected vs. V.
Noble's Reckless . Admirer: F. C. Mack's
Woodcock Boy vs. Pasha Kennels' Lawrence-;
Paeha Kennels' -Reve D'Amous vs. M. Neal
on's Fred Freedom; A. R. Curtis' Dragon Fly
vs. J. McCormick's Black Daisy; J. F. Rogers'
Coldius^vs. F. E. Kirkpatrlck's Charming
Queen;- Paeha Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs. P. J.
Horgan's Peerless.
Special stake, thirty-two dogs— J. ©^roll's
Cascade vs. G. Sharman's Sir Pasha; E.
Ready's Full Moon vs. E. Geary's Ruby San
key i E. Geary's Fair. Oaks vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Motto; R. Attridge's Sofala vs. E.
Geary's Ireland; J. JDempsey's Jingle Bells vs.
Yosemlte Kennels* Mose; A. R. Curtis' Flying
Fox vs. P. Doyle's Liberator; T. J. Cronln' s
Vandal vs. JTrL. Ross" Game Boy; A. R. Cur
tis' Old Ironsides vs. P. M. Clarkson's Promp
to; E. Geary' 8. Roy Hughie vs. P. J. Horgan's
Musket; F. A. McComb's Otto vs. D. Walsh's
Sacramento Boy; Chlarlni Bros.' Gambit vs. P.
M. Clarkson's Golden Garter; Pasha Kennels'
May Hempstead vg. A. R. Curtis' Anchor. A.
Van der White's Lear King vs. B. Silva'S Mas
ter Rocket; J. L. Ross' • Fontenoy vs. Chlarlni
Bros.' Tame Tralee; Pasha Kennels' Rural
Artist vs. P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel; E.
Geary's Fenil vs. C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud.
Three regular stakes and a consolation
event will make up the. card this .week at
Union Coursing Park. On Saturday all
the reserve stake and one round of the
class reserve. will be decided. On Sunday
the remainder of the latter stake will be
run, together with a special stake and a
consolation event for dogs beaten in the
first round of the latter. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
Dogs Beaten in the First
Round of Special to
Meet Again.
Many Greyhounds En
tered for the Oours- ¦
ing Events.
RESERVE STAKES
AT UNION PARK
Continued From Page Seven.
MAY PAY GILDEMEISTER CLAIMS.
IRISH HORSE WINNER OF
THE DERBY. AND HIS AMER
ICAN RIDER,
Movements of Steamers.
Orndorff stripped for the fray and creat
ed consternation in the ranks of Holden's
followers by -.the development of his bi
ceps and forearm. Holden went to pieces
andv Orndorff was nervous. As a result
neither man reached the 100 mark. Orn
dcrff bowled 87 and Holden 75. When the
contestants started the second frame the
betting had switched. Orndorff was fa
vorite and Holden retired to the place
formerly occupied by the stage manager.
The game was excitingi'Orndorff winning
by one point. The score was 65 to 64.
After the performance Tuesday night
Orndorff with his seconds and Holden
with his "gang" repaired to the alley.
The betting was 10 to 1, with Holden on
the long end. No one fancied Orndorff's
chances and Holden entered the match a
topheavy favorite.
The date set" for the contest was Tues
day night and the Owl bowling alley was
chosen as the place of meeting. In the
interim Orndorff . visited various alleys
and learneda few wrinkles in the gams.
He knew what a "strike" was without go
ing'on one and "spares" appealed to him.
Some days since George A. Holden,
master mechanic at the Orpheum Thea
ter, became proud" of. his ability as a
bowler and challenged every toiler in the
theater to bowl him for money or mar
bles. Holden scared, off every one except
Harr"y Orndorff , the stage manager. The
latter' accepted.- the challenge.
Martin is of the same school as Henry
Spencer and the late 'Dick'" Clawson and
is an accomplished horseman. v
HAEKY 0B2TD0RFF WINS
CLOSE BOWLING MATCH
He was among the first of the American
riders to follow Tod Sloan to Europe,
where he was uniformly successful. He
is noted for liis vigorous finishes. This
characteristic of his work in the saddle
got him into trouble with Mr. Gubbins
recently. The latter, who was one of the
most celebrated amateur steeplechase
riders in Ireland forty years ago. objected
to the amount of punishment Martin in
flicted on one of his horses. He kept him
on the ground some time.
"Skeets" Martin, who *ode the winner,
is essentially a California jockey. He has
ridden on this coast during the past six
seasons and first came into prominence
here. He then went East, where he made
a hit.
MABTIN A CALIFOBNTA BOY.
Mr. Gubbins, the owner of Ard Patrick,
is an Irishman who owns a bip stud of
horses at Limerick. He owned Galtee
More, which won tbe Derby In 1897. Mr.
Gubbins subsequently sold Galtee More
to the Russian Government for £21,000. j
Martin . followed, up his' Derby success
by riding, a dead heat in the race for the
Caterham plate,: in one of the besf fin
ishes ; ever seen at Epsom. Gun Club,
ridden by M. Cannon, was a strong fa
vorite and when within a stone's throw
of home seemed an.' easy winner.- Then
inch by inch Mar.tin. urged 'the Fledgling
filly on. till the public,; thought -'she had
won. 1 King .Edward witnessed the race
with the keenest interest. When a dead
heat was announced the crowd cried out:
"Well done, Martin."
brown colt. Ard Patrick first; Colonel Hen
ry McCaimont's bay colt Rising - Glass
second; the Duke of Portland's brown colt
Friar Tuck third. Eighteen horses ran.
The betting was 100 to 14 against Ard
Patrick, 40 to I 1 against Rising Glass, and
100 to 7 against Friar Tuck. The result
completely, upset all calculations. It was
considered a' one-horse race, but Scep
ter never flattered her supporters.
'Martin said after the 'race: "The. train
er, Mr. Darlington, cautioned me -that
there was but "one run in the colt and to
held him, .but 1 found. him so keen that
when -I got.-weai off at. the start I deter
mined to keep the place "and make the
pace. /Fearing that -Scepter might over
take Vis I loosened the rein for a few
strides and then Ard Patrick seemed to
lag, but with one kick in his side he re
turned, to his former speed and I never
had another, fear. Rising Glass attempt
ed to challenge later, .but he never was
dangerous and we came home easy win
ners." „ ' . .- ¦ '¦¦ ¦ - .,.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
PORT KENYON— Arrived June 2— Stmr Ar
eo, hence June 1.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 3— Stmr Na
tianal City, hence June 2.
REDONDO — Arrived June 3— Stmr Ruth,
from Port Los Aneeles.
Sailed June 4 — Schr Wempe Bros, for Port
Townsend:
ISLAND PORT.
HILO— In port May 25— Bark R P Rithet,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 3-S-Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
Sailed June 3 — Stmr Orizaba, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DUBLIN — Arrived June 2 — Fr bark Hoche,
hence Feb 1.
HAVRE — Arrived June 3 — Ger stmr Den
derah, hence Feb 0.
HONGKONG — Arrived June 2— Br stmr In
veric, from Norfolk.
Sailed June 2 — Br stmr Teenkal. for Seattle.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 23— Jap stmr
Iyo Mara, from Seattle.
Sailed May 31 — Br stmr Athenian, for Van
couver.
QUEENSTCiWN — Sailed June 2 — Br ahlp
Iverna, for Hamburg. June 3 — Ger ship Emille,
for Antwerp; Br ship llala, for Shields.
DUNGENESS — Passed June 3 — Br ship Tox
teth, from Antwerp, for" San Diego.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed June 2— Br ship
Netherby, for San Francisco. May 28— Schr
Prosper, for Hawaiian Islands.
MAZATLAN — Sailed June 1 — Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
PORT NATAL— Sailed June 3— Bktn La
baina, for Sydney.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 4— Stmr St Paul,
for Southampton; stmr Zeeland, for Antwerp;
Btmr Majestic, for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 4 — Stmr Iver
nla, from Boston, for Liverpool.
MOVILLE — Arrived June 4 — Stmr Numidian.
from Montreal, for Liverpool.
GLASGOW— --Arrived June 4 — Stmr Anchorla,
from New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 4 — Stmr Ocean
ic, from New York.
Sailed June 4 — Stmr -Rhyndam, for Philadel
phia; stmr Teutonic, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 4— Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, for
New York.
Arrived June 4— Stmr Philadelphia, from
New York.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived June 4-^-Stmr Stat
endam, from New York, via Boulogne.
CHERBOURG — Sailed June 4 — Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse. from Bremen and South
ampton, for New York.
ANTWERP — Arrived June 2 — Stmr Mathil
da, from Tacoma, via Callao, Montevideo, etc,
and St Vincent, C V.
BRISTOL— Arrived June 4 — Stmr Horda,
from Tacoma. via Coronel, etc, and St Vin
cent.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 4, 1002.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly Rt noon to-day,
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time^j '
W. r H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
UnUed States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and* Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. •
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) . about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort. Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
PITCHEBS ABE HABD HIT.
LOS ANGELES, June 4.— Oakland took
the first game- of the present series by a
terrific batting streak, most of the dam
age being done in the first inning, when
the visiting team touched up McPartlin
lor eight hits, scoring six runs. Mohler
led off with a two-bagger to left field,
Francks put the ball in the same place
lor three bases and nearly every other
man on the team lined it out to the same
Bpot. Hannivan, who retired to the bench
after the first inning, misjudged five files.
During the rest of the game the fielders
¦were kept busy, as both Oakland pitchers
and McPartlin were hit freely. Oakland
made three runs in the sixth and three
more ln the ninth. Hodson and Schmidt
•were batted almost as hard as McPartlin.
the home team getting eleven hits off
their delivery, but not enough of them
came together to overcome Oakland's big
lead. There was a chance in the ninth,
when Slagle came to the bat with the
bases full and but one man out. The three
hits that followed were good for as many
runs. Francks' remarkable fielding was
a feature. Toman was not far behind him
in fast work. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K
Toman, ss 4 2 2 0 3 4 0
Hannivan. If 10 0 0 0 0 1
Raj-mer. 2b 4 1 2 0 1 4 0
Householder, ct .... S 1 2 0 2 1 1
Reilly, 3b 4 0 0 0 1 4 0
Waddell, lf&rf 4 1 1 0 2 0 1
Roach, c 4 2 2 0 3 0 0
Hanlon, lb 3 1 1 0 14 0 1
WcPartlln, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
El&gle, rf 4 0 10 10 0
•Anderson 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 37 8 11 0 27 15 4
•Anderson batted for McPartlln ln the ninth.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf 6 0 2 0 2 0 0
Mobier, 2b 4 1 1 1 0 1 0
6trf3b. ib 1110 0 0 0
McCreedie, rf 5 0 0 0 5 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 5 2 2 0 2 4 0
Dunleavy. If 4 1 10 2 0 0
Francks. es 4 33 1 6 3 l
Lohman. c.... 4 3 2 0 1 1 0
Hodson, p 3 1 3 0 0 1 1
Gorton, lb 4 0 1 0 10 0 0
Schmidt, p 2 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 42 12 16 2 27 11 ~2
. RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 13 1 0 3 — 8
Baw hits 0 1 10 1 2 2 1 3 — 11
Oakland fl 0 0 00 3 0 0 3—12
Base hits 8 0 0 10 2 10 4 — 16
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit*— Toman and Francks. Two-
The Ponies and Trainer Harris came up
from the south, where they had swell pas
ture to make them feel like a bunch of
two-year-olds, and acted like a lot of colts
on the Oakland course yesterday after
noon. Sacramento, of course, was tbe suf
ferer, and for the twelfth consecutive time
the rear gruard of the league fell down.
The final damage this time was 8 to 2. It
should not have been so bad, but the Sen
ators did uumcrous erratic turns when
they ought to have been good.
It was not a good game of ball to look
at. It lacked vim and blood-curdling in
cidents and all other attachments which
are wont to make the fans yell and tear
their hair and do other funny stunts. May
be the Oakland public missed Bill Dever
eaux or perhaps the crowd was composed
mostly of regular church-goers^ but at all
events it looked more like a scientific talk
on social science than an exhibition of the
national sport.
Harry Kane acted as the local slabster
and did good work. His old-time wlldness
¦was just a little in evidence, but he acted
better than on any previous occasion at
home. Cutter mixed up the dope for the
Senators and was a trifle unsteady. He
has not recovered from his stage fright
vet, but otherwise he was there. Rajik
errors unnerved him throughout the game
and he did not have a good chance to set
tle down.
The error column tells the story of the
Senatorial disaster. Some timely hitting
•was indulged in by the Ponies, but on sev
eral occasions they ecored more runs than
¦were Cue. The Senators never found Kane
when a hit meant a run or so. The south
paw refused to get rattled when any of
the sacks were occupied.
Hulen played a star game at the middle
bag. McNichols made a wonderful stop of
a hard grounder from Sheehan's club.
Wagner forgot to exert his gray matter
when Shugart hit a high fly to the left
garden and the Cap got a double Instead
of being called out. Josh Reilly showed
•what a true sportsman he ls by playing
third for Harris against the team whose
honer he upheld last week. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McKlchols. 2b 3 2 0 1 2 4 1
McHale. If 3 0 0 1 1 0 0
Nordyke. lb 2 1 0 0 11 0 O
fhugart. rf 4 0 10 2 0 0
Leahv. c 2 10 13 2 1
Holly EB 4 1 1 0 5 3 1
lieUlv 3b 3 11112 0
SSmVrf 3 2 10 2 0 0
Kane, p 3 0 10 0 3 0
Totals 27 8 5 4 21 14 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, cf 5 0 2 0 3 0 1
Hulen, 2b 4 110 2 7 0
Sheehan 3b 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Eagan. lb 2 0 10 7 11
Unglaub, ss 4 0 0 0 3 1 1
Graham, c 3 0 10 4 10
Hcgan. rf 3. 0 0 0 2 0 0
Vaguer, If 3 10 0 10 0
Cutter, p 4 0 10 111
TtoUls 32 2 6 0 24 11. 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 — 2
Base hits 0 1 1 O 1 0 1 2 0 — 6
6an Francisco ...11100023 x — 8
Base hits 0 2 1 0 0 0 0 2 x — 5
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Kane. Shugart. Sacrifice hits
— McHale. Reilly. First baee on errors — San
Francisco 2. Sacramento 1. First base on called
balls — Off Kane 5. off Cutter 6. Left on bases
— San Francisco 4, Sacramento 8. Struck out —
By Kane 1, by Cutter 2. Hit by pitcher — Nor
dyke, Delmas. Double plays — Hulen to Gra
ham; Leahy to Holly. Time of game — One hour
and forty minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Game Is Listless and Devoid
of Any Interesting
Playa
base hits — Householder 2, Toman, Waddell,
Devereaux, Dunleavy, Hodson, .Walters. Sac
rifice hits — Mohler. Dunleavy. First base on
errors — Los Angeles 1, Oakland 2. First base
on called balls — Off McPartlln 2, off Schmidt 2.
Left on bases — Los Angeles 6, Oakland -8.
Struck out— By McPartlln 1, by Schmidt 2.
Hit by pitcher — Mohler. Patsed ball — Lohman.
Time of game — Two hours. Umpire — O'Connell.
Pitcher Frank McPartlin has been ap
pointed acting captain of the Los Angeles
team, to take ihe place of Charlie Reilly,
who refused to continue as captain on ac
count of the unfair treatment given him
by the bleachers.
Chicago '. 3 0 0
Philadelphia 0 4 4
Batteries — Patterson and Sullivan; Wllee and
Powers.
CLEVELAND, June 4.— Lajole played his
first tame with Cleveland to-day. Cleveland
won by bunching hits. Attendance, 9166. Score:
Clubs— * R. H. . E.
Cleveland 4 6 r 1 . 5
Boston 3' 8 * ?2
Batteries — Moore' and Wood.; Prenttss and
Warner.
WASHINGTON, June 4. — To-day's game
was a slugging match and Washington was an
easy winner. Attendance, 3343. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 13 14 - 1
Detroit 6 11 2
Batteries — Carrick and Clark; Miller, Cronln
and U-elow.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON, June 4. — Boston won to-day by
bunching hits in the first two Innings. St.
Louis fielded ln ragged style. Attendance 2100.
Bcore :
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 7 12 3
Et. Louis .3 7 7
Batteries — Willis and Kittredge; Dunham
and J. O'Neill. Umpire — O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA, June 4. — Pittsburgh
heavy hittinir was responsible for Philadel
phia's defeat. Attendance, 1651. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
PlttEburg 7 16 3
Philadelphia 4 8 3
Batteries — Tannehill and Smith; Duggleby,
Masee and Jacklitsch. Umpires — Brown and
Power*.
NEW YORK. June 4.— New York broke the
ice with a victory to-day, defeating Chicago in
a ten-Inning game. Jackson, who covered left
field for tbe New Yorkers, was released and
Harley played that position. Attendance, 2000.
Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Chicago 3 7 3
New York 4 6 3
Batteries — Williams and Kllng; Evans and
Yearer. Umpire — Cantilllon.
BROOKLYN, June 4.— Brooklyn added
another game to Its winning etreak to-day,
making seven straight games since the team
came home, Cincinnati being again defeated.
Attendance. 1600. Score:
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 8 6
Brooklyn :. 6 - 12 0
Batteries — Ewlng and Bergen; KItson and
Farrell. Umpire — Emslie.
Baltimore 2 6 5
St. Louis 6 11 3
Batteries — Howell and Robinson; Powell and
Sueden.
PHILADELPHIA, June 4.— In the face of
Patterson's superb pitching, the Philadelphia
team did not have a look-in to-day. The field
ing of the champions was - flawless. Attend
ance, 1947. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
BALTIMORE, June 4. — Fielding errors and
inability to solve the curves of Harper were
responsible for to-day's defeat of the locals by
St. Louis. Harper was put out of the game
for protesting against the umpire's ruling. At
tendance, 2754. Score :
Clubs — R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
HARPEB IS PUT OUT
OF GAME AT BALTIMORE
by his American jockey, pulled up a win
ner, with a couple more of the supposed
"outsiders" ahead of Scepter, R. S. Sle
ver's hitherto unbeaten ftlry.
The conditions of the race were as fol
lows: The Derby stakes of 6000 sover
eigns by subscription of 50 sovereigns
each, for 3-year-olds, about one mile and
a half.
The result in detail was: J. C. Gubbins'
DEI/AY AT THE POST.
After a tedious dalay at the post the
flag fell during a bright burst of sun
shine, and Ard Patrick, faultlessly ridden
LONDON, June 4.— The general hol
iday-making mood of the people
and the desire to ease off the
strain arising from the combina
tion of the announcement of peace
in South Africa, and the influence of the
approaching coronation festivities, was
exemplined to-day by the unprecedented >
muster of the classes and the masses at
Epsom Downs, for the Coronation Derby.
King Edward and Queen Alexandra, the
Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke
and Duchess of Connaught. the Duke of
Cambridge. Prince and Princess Charles
ol Denmark and the Indian Rajahs and
their suites took special trains to tne
course. They received ovations: every
where from the crowds, which spread
over ever}' available spot, in spite of the
inclement, showery weather which pre-
A strong contingent of Americans was
piesent. Half a dozen coaches of lead
ing hotels held numerous transatlantic
visitors. Mrs. Choate, wife of the Unit
ed States Embassador, was the guest of
Mr. and Mrs. Westinghouse of Pittsburg
on their coach. Richard Croker of New
York wandered about thje paddock, evi
dently extracting great pleasure from his
surroundings. He said: "These gather
ings rid one of so many political and
other cares."
The programme started with the race
for the Epsom Town plate and in that
event Maher (American) piloted Russet
Brown to victory. Maher was also second
In the second race.
This opened the way for the blue ribbon
event of the racing world and there was a
rush for the saddling paddocks to see tho
competitors. J. Reiff not being well.
Kigby came over from Paris to ride Wil
liam C. Whitney's chestnut colt Intvuder.
J. H. Martin was on J. C. Gubbins' brown
colt Ard Patrick; Maher piloted the Duke
of Devonshire's brown colt Cheers: Jen
kins rode Wallace Johnstone's bay colt
Fowling Piece, while Spencer ¦ had the
ir>ount on J. R. Keene's bay colt Kear
sarge.
Senators Make Many
Errors and Lose All
Confidence.
PONIES SUSTAIN
WINNING GAIT
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column gives the last ¦ tide of tho
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United : States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
cign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. , The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower , low waters. ...
THURSDAY.- JUNE 5.
Bun rises 4:47
Sun sets ' .....7:28
Moon rises (new) ; 4:16 a, m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 15)02.
Faultlessly Ridden by J. H. "Skeets" Martin, a California Jockey, He
L,eads a High-Class Field of Eighteen Under the Wire.
JOHN GUBBINS' HORSE ARD PATRICK
CAPTURES THE CORONATION DERBY
8
Steamer.
Frora.
Due.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 5
Peking China & Japan June 5
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 5
Desr-itch San Pedro June 5
S.Barbara... San Pedro June 5
Palena Valparaiso & Way Ports June 5
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 5
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports June 6
Argo Eel River Ports June 5
Del Norte .... Crescent City June 5
R. Dollar San Pedro June 5
Cres. City Crescent City June 6
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June 6
Eureka Humboldt .'. June 6
San Pedro. ... Santa Barbara June 6
S.Portland.. Hadlock .... June 6
Phoenix Mendoclno June 6
Coronado Grays Harbor June 7
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena. . . June 7
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. June 7
North Fork.. Humboldt June 7
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor June 8
Mandalay.... Coquille River June 8
Argyll New York via Panama. June 8
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. June 8
Pomona Humboldt June 0
C. Nelson Seattle & Taeoma June 0
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 0
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 0
Lakme Astoria & Portland June 11
Rainier Whatcom '. . June 11
Queen.. Puget Sound Ports June 11
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 12
Hathor ... Seattle June 13
Gaelic China & Japan June 14
Newburg San Pedro June 14
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria .... June 14
Umatllla, Puget Sound Ports June 10
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports. June 16
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
. "
June B.
laqua Humboldt lpm
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 5 pm
Despatch:.. Seattle & Falrhaven 5 pm
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 0 am
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
. : "Jane 6.
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm
R. Dollar.. Seattle direct 5 pm
Amer Maru China & Japan ... 1 pm
Serapls Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p
Argo. Eel River Ports ... 4 pm
Jane 7.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 10 am
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. . 0 am
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
Rival WUlapa Harbor "... 12 m
Q. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am
June 8.
Phoenix Mendocino City .... 1 pm
Eureka. . . . Humboldt 9 am
S. Rosa. . . . San Diego & Way. 0 am
Jnne 0.
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am
City Sydney Panama & Way Pts 12 m
Jnne 1O.
Albion Rlv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am
Jnne 11.
Pleiades.... N. T. via Panama.. 2 pm
Santa Cruz . Newport & Way Pts 9 am
Mandalay. . Coquill© River .... 4 pm
Jane 12. ,
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. . 4 pm
Peking China & Japan lpm
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 pm
Jane 14.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 12 tn
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm
Jane 15.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm
Alliance Portland & Way... B pm
1 pm Pier 28
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 16
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 19
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier' 2
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier 27
1:30 p Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 13
4 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
10 am Pier 11
1 pm Pier 13
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 10
10 am Pter 7
12 m PMSS
6 pm Pier 13
11 am Pier 19
9 am Pier 2
2 pm Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
10 am Pier 7
11 pm Pier 24
12 tn Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 19
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 16
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
ITarallon..... Skagway & Way Ports.
Oregon Nome ...'
Liyra Nome & St. Michael....
Valencia Nome
Bertha Cooks Inlet & "Way Ports
rndlana Nome & St. Michael
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports.
Dirigo....... Skagway & Way Ports.
Seme City... Nome City
Santa Ana. . . Skagway & VaMea ....
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports.
"ottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.
nty Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports.
June 5
June 5
June 5
Juna 7
June 7
June 7
June 8
June 11
June 12
June 12
Juno 14
June 14
June 16
0 Time Time Time
P> f Ft. Ft.
» L W H W L "W
5 4:35—0.9 11:45 4.6 4:15
6 0:25—1.2 12:37 4.7 5:(Xi
7 6:13—1.2 1:28 4.8 6:01
H W L, W H W
8 0:01 5.7 7:03 — 1.0 2:19
9 1:00 6.5 7:54 — 0.7 3:08
10 2:00| 5.1 8:45—0.2 3:57|
11 3:07| 4.7 0:37| 0.3 4:41!
Time
Ft.
H TV
2.7 10:21
2.8 11:10
2.9
¦L W
5.0 7:00
5.1 8:09
5.3 0:21
: 5.5110:37
Ft.
6.0
5.0
2.9
3.0
2.9
2.6
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
. "
June B.
laqua Humboldt lpm
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 5 pm
Despatch:.. Seattle & Falrhaven 5 pm
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 0 am
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
. : "Jane 6.
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm
R. Dollar.. Seattle direct 5 pm
Amer Maru China & Japan ... 1 pm
Serapls Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p
Argo. Eel River Ports ... 4 pm
Jane 7.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 10 am
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. . 0 am
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
Rival WUlapa Harbor "... 12 m
Q. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am
June 8.
Phoenix Mendocino City .... 1 pm
Eureka. . . . Humboldt 9 am
S. Rosa. . . . San Diego & Way. 0 am
Jnne 0.
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am
City Sydney Panama & Way Pts 12 m
Jnne 1O.
Albion Rlv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am
Jnne 11.
Pleiades.... N. T. via Panama.. 2 pm
Santa Cruz . Newport & Way Pts 9 am
Mandalay. . Coquill© River .... 4 pm
Jane 12. ,
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. . 4 pm
Peking China & Japan lpm
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 pm
Jane 14.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 12 tn
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm
Jane 15.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm
Alliance Portland & Way... B pm
1 pm Pier 28
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 16
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 19
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier' 2
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier 27
1:30 p Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 13
4 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
10 am Pier 11
1 pm Pier 13
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 10
10 am Pter 7
12 m PMSS
6 pm Pier 13
11 am Pier 19
9 am Pier 2
2 pm Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
10 am Pier 7
11 pm Pier 24
12 tn Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 19
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 16
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
ITarallon..... Skagway & Way Ports.
Oregon Nome ...'
Liyra Nome & St. Michael....
Valencia Nome
Bertha Cooks Inlet & "Way Ports
rndlana Nome & St. Michael
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports.
Dirigo....... Skagway & Way Ports.
Seme City... Nome City
Santa Ana. . . Skagway & VaMea ....
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports.
"ottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.
nty Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports.
June 5
June 5
June 5
Juna 7
June 7
June 7
June 8
June 11
June 12
June 12
Juno 14
June 14
June 16
Steamer.
Frora.
Due.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 5
Peking China & Japan June 5
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 5
Desr-itch San Pedro June 5
S.Barbara... San Pedro June 5
Palena Valparaiso & Way Ports June 5
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 5
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports June 6
Argo Eel River Ports June 5
Del Norte .... Crescent City June 5
R. Dollar San Pedro June 5
Cres. City Crescent City June 6
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June 6
Eureka Humboldt .'. June 6
San Pedro. ... Santa Barbara June 6
S.Portland.. Hadlock .... June 6
Phoenix Mendoclno June 6
Coronado Grays Harbor June 7
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena. . . June 7
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. June 7
North Fork.. Humboldt June 7
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor June 8
Mandalay.... Coquille River June 8
Argyll New York via Panama. June 8
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. June 8
Pomona Humboldt June 0
C. Nelson Seattle & Taeoma June 0
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 0
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 0
Lakme Astoria & Portland June 11
Rainier Whatcom '. . June 11
Queen.. Puget Sound Ports June 11
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 12
Hathor ... Seattle June 13
Gaelic China & Japan June 14
Newburg San Pedro June 14
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria .... June 14
Umatllla, Puget Sound Ports June 10
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports. June 16
0 Time Time Time
P> f Ft. Ft.
» L W H W L "W
5 4:35—0.9 11:45 4.6 4:15
6 0:25—1.2 12:37 4.7 5:(Xi
7 6:13—1.2 1:28 4.8 6:01
H W L, W H W
8 0:01 5.7 7:03 — 1.0 2:19
9 1:00 6.5 7:54 — 0.7 3:08
10 2:00| 5.1 8:45—0.2 3:57|
11 3:07| 4.7 0:37| 0.3 4:41!
Time
Ft.
H TV
2.7 10:21
2.8 11:10
2.9
¦L W
5.0 7:00
5.1 8:09
5.3 0:21
: 5.5110:37
Ft.
6.0
5.0
2.9
3.0
2.9
2.6
PAINE'S CELEBT COMPOUND.
Summer Energy and
Activity.
If Yon Are Nervous, Despondent,
Sleepless, Irritable or Out*
of-Sorts in June,
PAINE'S CELERY
COMPOUND
Will Give You Nerve Force,
Fresh Energy, Vigor, and
New Health.
June should be the banner month of the
year for the enjoyment of nature and ale.
If men and women are not physically ca-
pable of enjoying the good things of na-
ture and home so bountifully provided by
an All-Wise Creator, the fault is their
own in the majority of cases.
Our nervousness, insomnia, desponden-
cy and irrltableness are continual and
forcible reminders of ill health and dis-
ease. Their continuance in June means
unhappiness and misery; their banish-
ment by the use of Paine's Celery Com-
pound means energy, activity, vigor and
full ability to enjoy Heaven's best gifts.
Thousands are now acquiring rugged
health and buoyant spirits through the
use of Paine's Celery Compound. The
blessings of health, home and nature will
be your portion if you wisely use the
great medicine this month. It truly
makes people well.
GET A MOVE ON YOU-
Do it now, and leave a call for our
wagon to get your laundry parcel this
week, then and not until then will you
know the satisfaction that clean, white
and perfectly finished linen can give.
"We know how to do it, do do it, and if
it's not pleasing to your eye and sense of
what's right we'll make It so.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off ice— 54 San Pablo Ave,
m has aprofessio nal a
B frame fitter to keep B
H your glasses in shape If
¦ at absolutely no charge H
St* w
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe ~~
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
T I Llm'd
Local Mon& Local Ovrl'd
Daily Thurs Dally Daily
Lv San Fran 0:00 a 0:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:l0p(ll:43a 7:18 p 11:15 p
" Merced .. 2:35 p'| 1:17 p 1:30a
" Fresno .. 4:10 pi 2:35 p j 3:15*
" Hanford . 5:Mp 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalia .. 5:33p 5:00a
" B'kersfd 8:10p 5:20p 7:35a
'• Kan City. ....... 2:31a.. ..X. 8:02a
" Chicago I 2:15 p| ...| 8:47 p
a for mornlngr. p for afternoon.
0:00 a. m. Daily is Bakersfleld Local,
stopping: at all points in San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at S a. m.
daily.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
Ing Cars and Dining- Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. rn. dally.
8:00 p. m. ls the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. /
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
BAIL WAT TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave ami ar« tine to arrive at
»A>t FUASCI3CO.
(Main Line, Foot of Myfc. et 9 tfett > .
MJATB — FKOM JUSB 1. 1303- — AKKIV»
" 7.03a Benlcta, Suisun, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 6||p
7.00a Vacavllle, "Winters. Ku.-nsey 7.55*
7.30a Martinez, San Kamon, Vallejo,
Xapa. Callstoga. Santa Kosa 625?
8 00*. Davis. Woodland. KnlshU Landing,
Marysvllle, OrovIUo 755p
8 00a Atlantic Exprest-Ogden and East. 8.2oa
8.00a Mlea, L»throp, Stockton .......... 7.25*
8 00a Xtles. Jlcndota. Stanford, Vlsalla,
Portervllle 45S>
B 30a Shasta Express— Darts, William*
(fur Bartlett Springs). AVlllows,
KedBlnff, Portland 7-55?
8 30a San Jose. Llvermore, Stockton.
lone. Sacramento, PUcervllle,
Marysvillc. Calco, Bed Bluff *jp T
8 30a Oakdale,Chlne»e.Sonora,Tuoluinne 4-25P
9.00a Vallejo .vv «*•«*
9 00a Los Anseie* Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
Kaymond. Fresno and LosAnjcele* 8.25a
q -KB* Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55F
10 00a Hayward, Nile* and Way Stations, ti 2.55P
iffiTbe Overland Limited - Ogden,
iu.uua Denyer >Omana , c&ieago & 25p
ti OOP Sacramento Kiver Ste.tmeri fli.OQP
3.00* Benlcia. Winter*. Sacramento.
a-uur " Wood!and> Williams, Willows,
Knights Landing. Maryavllie.
Orovlllt! -••• 1C53A
S30P Hayward. >'lle» an*Way Stations.. 7.55?
loOP M»rtlnez.Saul>.araon,Yallejo,:Napa,
CallBtoga, Santa Rosa ¦•¦%¦•• ,|s? A
4 OOP Nllcs, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
ISOp Hayward,Xlles,SanJo8e.Llvcrmor» +8.55*
430? The Owl Limited-Fresno. Tnlare.
Uakerefleld. Sauftus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
6 00p PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 1025a
IlOOP Martinez, Antloch. Stockton. Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 1 ??I P
t5 30p Kites Local • iic A
8 00p Harvard. Niles and San Jose , 7 I| A
tfi HPh Vallejo ll-^OA
SX0P Oriental Mall -Ogden. Denver.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago....... 425P
7 00p San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations. 1 lel*
*7 flOp V&llejo ••¦••••• /-OOP
BM* Oregon '& California Express-Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland, Pugct Soundand East. 855a
J9 10p Wayward and Mies TTl-bttA
COAST LINE Oarroir Gauge).
<Foot of Market Street.)
"±7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion.... :8.05p
8.15a Newark. Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations .5-60*
T2.15* Xe-wark. Centerville. San Jose. <
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations? !2|2 A
4.1 5p Newark. San Jose, Los Oatos> "IfS*
*4.1 5p San Jose. LoaOatos. Santa Crnz... c8.50a
— OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
— COAST LJNE (Broad «*o?e).
(Third and Townsend Streets.)
"8.10a San Jose and Way Stations JHJJJa
t7.00A San Jose and TVay Station* +8.00A
/7.10a New Almaden -{112 P
"*7.15a Monterey Excursion t8.30P
8 00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gl'.roy. Salinas, San Luis Oblspo.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-45*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10*
10.30 a San Jose and Way Stations. ....... 8.38 a
1130a SanJose.LosGatosandWayStotlon* +9 00a
ai!30P San Jose and Way Station* a7.00*
2.30P San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Olara, San Jose, Tres
Plnos. Santa Cruz, Salinas. Del
Monte. Monterey and Pacific
Grove 1 9I5 A
+3-30* San Joso and Way Stations 7.30P
t4.Q0P D«!l Monte Express— Only stops San
Jose *"?"S1?
4 30p SanJoseandPrlncipalWayStatlons 1-30*
t500* Sen Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations SsS*
5.30* San Jose and Principal Way Stations 630p
tS.15* San Mateo. Belmont. Redwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto tS-43A
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
7. 00p New Orleans Express— San Lul»
Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, DemlnK, El Paso, New
Orleans and East 10-15A
•11 -45p San Jose and Way Stations m
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. c Monday only.
b Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
8unday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. CO
LESSEES
SAN [RANCISGO ANJ NORTA PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANT.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot ot 2£n»*ket St.
SAJT FRANCISCO TO SAS RAKAEI-
WEEK DATS — 7:30. 8:0V. ll:0O a.m.: 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdaya^ — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30,
5:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAN UAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
.WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 6:00, 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I la Effect I ArrWe
San Franclaco] May 4. 1902. I San Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I day. | tlon. f daya. | Daysu
7:30 a 8:00 a fenaclo 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
¦ . 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Santa Roia 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
GeyservUl*
8 :30 p 8 :00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p 6:20 p
7-30 al 8.00 at Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p[ 5:00 p| TJklah ( 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| ' WilllU . | 7:35 p| 6:2o"p .
7:30 al 8:00 al Guerneville 1 7:35 pll0:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40al 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10p|5:00pl Glen Ellen | 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton tor Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers and Boonevllle; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at TJklah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell
Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Pot-
ter Valley., John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Buckncll's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr*j
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Brags.
Westport. Usal; at Willlts for Sherwood. Cahtii.
Covelo, Laytonville, Cummings. Bell's Sprin*3 t
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood, Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market st. Chronicle build-
ing.
H. C. WHITING, • R. X. RYA2J.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sauaallto Ferry,
Commencing April 27, 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, •7:45, 8:43. 9:30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20. »1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, '(1:15.
6:45. 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:15 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00. «10:00. 11:00.
11:30 a. m., 12:30, »l:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:<5o. 6:00.
7:30, 9:45, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. •e-.if). 7:40, 8:15. •9:30
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15, »3:30. 4:40. 5:30. 6:4^
10:15 P- on.
SUNDAYS— 6:00. •8:00. 0:30. ni:00 a. m..
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:15. *5:45. 6:45!
7:30, 10:15 d. m.
Trains markad (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5r40. 6:40. 7:45, 8:25. 9:4il
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20. 7:lo|
10:15 ©• m. f
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55. 10:03, 11:10 a. m
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. S:45. 5:00. 6:03. 7:13. 10:40
- P * "^ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and war
! stations.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations.
. 10:00 a. in. Sundays — Point Reyes and war
I stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
! Sunday time.
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry ! Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
*%*• *:°°A. te-M ,^... TaD 12:151-. 9:15a.
i '".ZT. liso pI "TAiEn of TuiLrar |;i& £ —
| „.. 2:30 P. Op«a»llth»je«i raaad. 8:15 P
! HTUHMTS OILt-ie.™ t«™ *s> ,. „,„ ta rwta0 naZ"
' Thim oaf, en »mn snuxr »»i BACSAino naxt.
i Weekly CaU, $1 per Year
1 ' ••• . ' ¦ ' ' :.-.. ' • O
; i^Si§V ' s our Back Weak? ©
wmr* '^ ave ou D ra 99^ n 9 Pains? S
'^ilj i\ Are You Ea ' si| y Tired? •
0&b >1P t--^r?]b A ave ou Varicocele? %
1 \ j . *v\w\Jil&^^ Have you lost the flre and strength of 5
' ff&W - «V %^ffi^^^^ your >' outn? Have you "come and go" 5
I MM |v\iffi™*^ pains in your back and shoulders? Are ©
\ Btflr \ \ i \$W£w*&t*a**. you & rowln e old too soon? •
Hr Jan&Ui V v \WlmsP* If y° u have these symptoms, or any • O
' V a^Mi/OviP HgBk other sign of breaking down of your A
' f <da^\V V 1/7^/ W&$&£> nerves and vitality, you will find new life S
L- '¦^&$tMMK' WsS&Z^L ln ElectrIclty as a PP lled wnI1 e you sleep. J
: ' j|^^^j^j|HV'-: Dr - McLaughlin's §
Electric Belt .8
Ml&ktA/llM I v\ **«iiiisy is made for you - Tt is the best w *y to S
1 fSssfi&i/ h\ \ V R*8&£gi?SKr V « Q , electricity. It pours a gentle stream X
i «S6gg5j <l\ ' *¦ jffga£EfgM of life lnto tne "weak parts continually for 2
' Sj&jv^? BBf&SSBBm hours every night. It refreshes the nerves . •
-*-«BSfW r jj^nHiini.1 expands- the vital powers, enriches the •
, ... • circulation and makes you feel bright. •
active and vigorous in one night's use. You get stronger each day, and in O
a few weeks you are a new man— stronger and younger ln the flre of youth. O
i .It is grand, this method of mine, and every man who has ever used It is a
i praising it. •
! TftY IT NOW! 3
'. Don't delay trying 1 it". Your future happiness depends on your checking 2
i this drain on your vitality, so stop it now, and you can be sure of a lon« X
i and vigorous life, full -of the. joys of a healthy vigor. _ • ' • ¦ •
i Don't, drug. Drugs can't cure you, as you know if you have tried them 5
, My Belt cures because It increases your nerve power and your vitality If •
you will call I will give you a free test of what I can do. If you can't call •
send for. my beautifully illustrated- book, telling about my method. I send it •
| sealed free. I have 50,000 cures. Call or write to-day. Send this ad. •
' P A ITTTflW Beware of medical coocerns of ferlng "Electric Belts Free" or for S
1 UilU Hull. a , trlfle - Thls of f er ls on| y a trlcl S to fo'st a package of medl- 2
w**w **uin clnes upon you COD. Wrlteto roe for ao explanation of the trick, S
! Dp. M. c. McLaughlin, 906 BBT ' S
' Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. •
NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES OR AGENTS. •
OLD PEOPLE -g~^
Do not always receive the sympathy and attention which ®]w' w|
they deserve. Their ailments are regarded as purely §l*f^k iSw
imaginary, or natural and unavoidable at their tnne of iBr?^ Tis
life. Disease and infirmity should not always be associ-^?g^^>^Mk
ated with old age. The eye of the gray haired grandsirefllflill^^pP
may be as bright and the complexion as fair as any ol'Wm$»Sy0t*'
his younger and more vigorous companions.
Good Blood Is tho secret of healthy old age, for it regulates
and controls every part of the body, strength'ens the nerves, makes the
muscles elastic and' supple, the bones strong and the flesh firm; but when
this life fluid is polluted or poisoned and loses its nutritive, health sustain-
ing elements, then there is a rapid decline of the vital powers, resultinp-
m premature old age and disease. Any derangement of the blood quickly
shows itself in an ulcer, sore, wart, tumor or some other troublesome
growth upon the body, and rheumatic and neuralgic pains become almost
constant, accompanied with poor digestion and cold extremities.
/^^* S~*S S £ S.S.S. being purely vegetable, is the safest and.
fQI f^< CO* purifier for old people. It does not shock
>^\ °r hurt the system like the strong mineral remedies
N</ but g entlv and thoroughly cleanses the blood and
m^ -r g^ stimulates the debilitated organs, when all bodily
ailments disappear. S. S. S. is just such a tonic as old people need to
improve a weak digestion and tone up the Stomach. If there is any heredi-
taiy taint, or the remains of some disease contracted in early life, S. S. S.
•will search it out and remove every vestige of it from the system. '
Write us fully about your case and let our physicians advise and help
you. This will cost you nothing, and we will mail free our book on blood
and skin diseases. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, Atlanta, Ga.
inrELL me?
JP when you 're going
ft East, and I '11 tell you
W why to take the Bur- \
t.A lingtonv Tourist-cars a\
I M three times a week. R 1
III Thro' standard sleeper 111
Wl to Chicago daily — past Via
I p|f |fpjffi| eryinAm- I
_ft pJfWiyiWjg Tickets and rLji
' ' berths at 631 &jf
~^^^P General Ag«aU GB^^^
••' '»••
THE WHITE PASS AND
% YUKON ROUTE
Shortest and quickest route* to At-
' Iln, Blgr Salmon, White Horse, ! ¦
Hooialinqna, Stewart River' ,
Klondike, Koyakuk and Yn- ,
Icon MlninR Dlatrlcts.
ONLY DIRECT LINE TO DAWSON
TEN DAYS SAN FRANCISCO TO ,
For full Information apply to " '
3. FRANCIS I^EE. S. P. BROWN '
Traffic Mgr., Beat- Gen. Agent. 638 '
' tie. Wash. ; Skag- Market it., San '
1 uay, Alaska. Francisco.PRINCIPALS IN INVESTIGATION HELD AT OAKLAND'S COURT HOUSE TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE AS
SESSMENT BOOKS ORDERED BY THE ASSESSOR HAD BEEN DELIVERED AND WERE IN PLACE IN THE
OFFICE. PHOTOS TAKEN FOR THE CALL BY DORSAZ.
E. J. Le Breton (owner) with Georrs Good
man (contractor), architect Albert Plssls — Con
crete work for building on lot on N line of
Lake street. 120 E of Fifth avenue. E 340.
N 780:6. SW 391:0%. SE 703:3 3-16; $5850.
Behlow Estate Company (a corporation)
(owners) with O. E. Brady (contractor), Wil
liam* Curlett architect — Concrete, brick, gran
ite, terra cotta and castiron .work for a seven
story brick building on Iot on S line of Geary
street. 77:6 E of Powell. 87:6 by 137:6; $50,300.
Catherine Cadlgan and M. Rodgera (owners)
with J. Wendering (contractor), architects
Rousseau & Son — All work except mantels, gas
fixtures and shades for a three-story and base
ment frame building (three flats) on lot on Q
line of Shotwell street, 185 S of Fourteenth,
S 25 by E 122:6. M. B. 32; $6375.
Elizabeth Hancock (owner) with M. Klernan
(contractor), architect A. W. Marquts^ — Lath
ing and plastering for a four-story frame build-
Ing with basement on lot on N line of Eddy
street. 37:6 E of Larkin. E 50 by N 87:6; $2400.
Same owner with the Joshua Hendy Machfae
Works (contractors), same architect — Electrical
work for same, on same; $7 ft.
Builders' Contracts.
Edward T. Henderson to Percy L. Henderson,
undivided one-third of lot' on S Una of Point
Lobos avenue 148 "W of Parker avenue, W 23
by S 137 :«; J20.
Henry Gibbons Jr. to Eugene Machol, lot on
N line of Post street, 137:8 E of Polk, E 24:4^a
by N 120: *10.
Jessie \V. and Olive Hamilton to John A.
Hocts, lot on N line of Rlvoli avenue, 125 E
of Stanyan street. E 25 by N 100. lot 1*. block.
2, Subdivision 2, Clarendon Heights; $10.
.Enoch Whiting to Oscar Heyman, lot on SW
line of Nineteenth avenue. 150 NW of X, street.
NW 75 by SW 100, lot 3, block 386. South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association;
$10.
James Bola to the Roman Catholic Arch
bishop of San Francisco (corporation sole), lot
on N line of Broad street (or avenue), 234:8
E of Plymouth (Marengo), E 23 by N 125, block
K, Railroad Homestead Association No. 2;$10.
Hobart Estate Company (corporation) to
Louis Gross, lot on W line of Guerrero street.
105 N of Fifteenth. N 25 by W 131:9. S 30.
E 31:9. N B. E 100; $2300.
Robert H. Peat to John W. F. Peat, undivid
ed ¥t of lot on E line of Larkin street, 137:0
N of Clay, N 30 by E 137:6, and all interest In
said, lot; $3000.
Elizabeth A. Rodgers to Arthur Rodgers. lot
on E corner of Fourth and Mission streets, NK
50 by SS 100; $10.
Arthur Rodger* to Annie Montjromery.
same; $10.
Annie Montgomery to Arthur Rodgera, lot
on NE line of Steuart street, 91:8 NW of Fol
som NW 91:8 by NE 137:6; $10.
Patrick M. Collins to William Miller, lot on
SE line of Clara street. 92:6 NE of Fifth, NE
20 by SE 80; $10.
State of California (by E. J. Smith, Tax Col
lector, property assessed to William Glselman.
trustee) to W. B. Waldron, lot on NB line of
Sixth street, 1110 SE of Channel, SE 123:9 by
NE 114:7; $252.
Sarah Rice to Frederick C. Fish, lot on E
line of Thirteenth avenue, 200 S of California
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to Celestial GulgnL lot on
N line of Fulton street. 100 W of San Bruno
avenue. W 60 by N 100. block 2. university
Mound; $10.
Margaret McCorraick to Sarah A. Cosgrova
(wife of Edward H.). lot on S line of Minerva
street 200 E of Morengo. E 200 by S 125. lot
2. block Q. Railroad Homestead Association;
gift.
Ann Callely (widow) to Annie CaHely, lot
on N line of West Park street. 113:9 E of Hol
ly. E 25 by N 100, lot 68. block 3. Holly Park
Tract; gift.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara Blancket to Alphonse
L Brouillard, lot on W line of Wheat street.
75 N of Salinas, N 25, W 160:6. SB 30:6%. E
141:6. block tf. Garden Tract Homestead; $10.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The cases of S. Larsen and M. S. Ober
lin, strike pickets, arrested yesterday for
disturbing the peace, were dismissed thi3
morning in the Police Court.
The employers express satisfaction that
the trouble was so quickly and amicably
adjusted.
The committees which arranged the set
tlement are as follows: For the Employ
ers' Association — Albert Lerner, A. Cle
cack, John Slavich, C. YFagner and P.
Scharf. For the alliance— P. O. Weber, E.
J Parrott and Perry Conwell.
Concerning the settlement Perry Con
well said: "The alliance is content. Both
sides got together, made concessions and
speedily came to an agreement. There was
no stubbornness nor ill feeling. The mat
ters in dispute were susceptible of ad
justment as soon as both sides could be
orought together."
The striking cooks and waiters returned
to" work, and everybody is satisfied. The
alliance agreed to allow the smaller res
taurants to continue to pay night cooks
HO a week, the larger ones paying 112.
l'he demand for 50 cents more a day for
extra cooks was withdrawn, as was the
$10 a week demand for waiters. Instead
waiters accept $1 55 a day instead of |1 35
iot time less than a month.
Mutual concessions on the part of the
Jooks' and Waiters' Alliance and the res
taurant proprietors hrought the strike of
yesterday to a close this afternoon.
Oakland Office San Franci3co Call,
HIS Broadway, June 4.
secure an Amicable Adjust
ment of Dispute Over
Wage Schedule.
fhe Cooks and Waitera
Reach an Agreement
With Employers?
SETTLE STRIKE
BY CONCESSIONS
As for the reason why I mad© that affidavit,
I did it so that I might keep out of a nasty
moss. On Saturday Nusbaumer demanded to
know what I knew about the matter. I saw
that he had all * of the facts and In order to
show that I was an Innocent party to tha deal
I made the. affidavit. I have not seen Mr.
Daniels to-dav. but I believe that I am still
connected with the Enquirer.
G. B. Daniels had little to add outslda
ofjhis printed statement:
Jhis is another water company Job. As for
Stedman, I don't know why he made that affl-
away in the vault so that another
order for .^printing could be Dlaced. I
know that the Oakes order was never
printed for this reason: I took the order
for the work and turned it Into the Enquirer's
job department. There was never any demand
made for copy, and when I wanted to sret copy
upon which the men could work I was told
that that would be attended to and saw at
once that there was no Intention of ever mak
ing . the books. I know that the book* were
never made or delivered.
Judge Carroll Cook has set the hearing
of the case to determine which of the two
Boards of Health at present existing In
Ban Francisco Is the legal one for June
20. It will be heard in bank. The Judge
has decided to call two other Judges from
the outside, one of whom, if he will act,
will be A. I*. Rhodes of San Jose. The
other has not yet been decided on.
Health. Board Case Hearing:.
At J. V» r . Lomelino's drug store. B93
Haight street, the money drawer was
forced open and about $2 stolen. At L.
Muller & Co.'s butcher shop, at the cor
ner of Haight and Pierce streets, the cash
register containing about a dollar in small
change was stolen. The register was
later found in a vacant lot close to the
Bhop. At U C. Owens' grocery, Haight
street and Masonic avenue, the cash reg
ister was forced open and $5 stolen. At
Mrs. Berg's delicatessen store. 611 Larkin
6tr?et, a quantity of articles was stolen.
Special officer George Delmer arrested a
man who gave the name cf Harry J.
Brown on Haight street early yesterday
morning, on suspicion. Brown, who was
suffering from delirium, tremens, was re
leased from custody by Captain Martin
yesterday afternoon after he had some
what recovered. It was learned that he
had nothing to do with the burglaries.
Four stores were entered by burglars
Tuesday night or early yesterday morn
ing, entrance having been, effected by
forcing open the front doors with a "jim
my." It is believed that the crimes were
committed by boys.
Forced Open. With, a
"Jimmy."
In Each. Case the Front Boor Was
BURGLARS BREAK INTO
FOUR DIFFERENT STORES
The following appointments and promo
tions were made yesterday by Customs
Collector Stratton:
J. J. McGovern, guarding Inspector at $3 per
diem, to be promoted to position of discharging
olflcer at the rate of $4 per diem.
George W. Harbinson. guarding Inspector at
$.> per diem, promoted tc position of discharg
ing officer at the rate of $4 per diem. (Old
veteran.)
W. J. Hcnrichs, guarding Inspector, at $3 per
diem, promoted to position of dlcharging offi
cer at $t per diem.
ti. W. Simmons (old veteran), guarding in
epector at $3 per diem, promoted to position of
discharging officer at $4 per diem.
The above are among the four oldest officers
In the service, having been appointed from ten
to twelve years ago.
C. B. Crane, extra assistant storekeeper, to
be promoted to the position of guarding Inspec
tor at the rate of £i per diem, vice J. J. Mc-
Govern. promoted.
C. H. Peterson (old veteran), to be reinstated
and appointed to position of guarding inspector
at $3 per diem, vice George W. Harbineon, pro
moted. •
M. S. Blackburn (old veteran), Chinese watch
man, to be transferred and promoted to posi
tion of guarding inspector at $3 per diem, vice
W. J. Henrichs, promoted.
T. R. Harrison, opener and packer, at the
rate of 5S40 per annum, to be promoted and
transferred to position of guarding Inspector
at t'i per diem, vice I* TV". Simmons, promoted.
A. L. Xorton, clerk, at the rate of $1200 per
annum, to be appointed to position of assistant
storekeeper at the rate of $1400 per annum,
vice George P. Clough, transferred.
Daniel O'Connell, assistant weigher, at the
rate of $1200 per annum, to be promoted and
transferred to position of clerk at the rate of
f 1200 per annum, vice A. I* Norton, promoted.
D. Flnnegan, assistant weigher, at the rate
of $1100 per annum, to be promoted to position
of assistant weigher at the rale of $1200 per
annum, vice Daniel O'Connell, promoted and
transferred.
A. W. Chenoweth (old veteran), extra as
sistant weigher, to be promoted to position of
assistant weigher at the rate of $1100 per
annum, vice D. Finnegan, promoted.
J. Ll Roundey (old veteran), reinstated and
appointed to position of extra assistant weigher
*t the rate of $1200 per annum, when employed,
vice A. TV. Chenoweth, prompted.
C. G. Reay (old veteran), to be appointed
to position of opener and packer at the rate
of $S40 per annum, vice T. R. Harrison, pro
moted.
Large Number of Changes Are Made
With Increased Pay by Col
lector Stratton.
VETEHAJNS ABE PROMOTED
IN THE CUSTOM-HOUSE
President, J. W. Kelly; first vice president,
C. 15. Crawford: second vice president. Jams-
IT>. Murray; r«*cordlnis secretary, Howard Law
ler: financial secretary, George H. Branch;
treasurer, William J. White; marshal, l^ouis
P. Ward; suardian, Daniel Connell; board of
c. rectors — James T. Kelsey (chairman), H
r.ifrte, D. S. White, L. Bickell, J. P. Spencer;
physician. J. M. i?hulz, M. D. ; druggist, George
H. Dahlbender.
James P. dwell. George Branch, Peter J.
Cotter, S. T. Sawyer, J. S. Phillips, Phil John
eon, E I* Gamble. Frank Gnekow. William
Go<x?e, M. Dobrin, John J. Xeeley, C. S. Daly,
¦\V. s. Ho&etti. J. J. Coleman, Harry White
and J. .N. Lainfi.
The officers of the society are:
Louis P. Ward, one of the first presi
dents of the society, is chairman of the
games committee and he declares he has
a splendid programme. Maurice McDon
iiell is in charge of the floor and he has
chosen as his assistants Charles D. Col
li:i&, M. Lynch and Thomas J. Doherty.
The following members of the societi
es on the committee of arrangements:
The annual picnic in aid of the Union
I 'r inters' Mutual Aid Society will take
place on Thursday, June 12, at Fairfax
Furk. A large attendance is expected
;n-d a most enjoyable time is assured to
aii who attend.
A feature o£ the day will be the drawing
for the gate prizes. The committee in
crarge of the affair has been working
lor several months and some valuable
aud luindsome prizes will be awarded.
Boats will leave for Sausalito at 9:30 a.
m. and 12:20 p. m. Trains will be in read
iness to carry the merrymakers to Fair
iax Park.
During the day there will be foot rac
ing, which i§ sure to evoke lots of fun,
and dancing for those who care for this
civersion. It is expected that every
pi inter in this city will attend the picnic
and they will be reinforced by hundreds
01 friends. «
Day Will Be Made Enjoyable
With Athletic Games
and Dancing.
Fairfax Park Is Selected
as Spot for Their
Picnic.
PRIHTERS WILL
"A-MAYING GO"
Suit was filed in tho Justices' - Court
yesterday by Espamlnonda Scodeletti
against Carlo Fllipo Serra, Italian Consul
at this port, and Dr. Osea Perone for the
return of sixteen written " letters said to
bo of great value to the plaintiff. Scode-
Jetti alleges in his complaint that the de
fendants wrongfully took possession of
the letters against the plaintiff's will and
without bis consent, s
Wants His Letters Back.
The entertainment was one of the best
of its kind ever given in this city, and
Father McQualde's friends wish him to
repeat it, promising another ¦ packed
house. • . '
The Alhambra Theater was packed to
the doors last night, the occasion being
the entertainment given to help raise the
debt from the Church of the Holy Re
deemer. The sacred edifice was erected
less than a year ago through the efforts
of the pastor, the Rev. J. P. McQuaide,
and last night's receipts went far in the
good cause.
The first part of the programme was in
the hands of the members of the Olympic
Club. Messrs. Otto Retter, George Schlet
ter and others gave exhibitions of ath
letics. Some boxing bouts were also given
and Jimmy Britt appeared on the stage
for a moment.' This was followed by a
contralto solo by Miss Lilian J. Wilson,
which was warmly received. The Elks'
quartet rendered several selections. Harry
Wood Brown, .the popular tenor, just from
New York; and William Ogelvie also sang
and all were loudly applauded. Miss Nel
lie B. Waters made a big hit with her
sleighbell act, which was equal to a pro
fessional vaudeville stunt, and Charles
Reynolds, the clever sleight-of-hand per
former, kept the audience mystified for a
time. The programme closed with the
sketch, "A Lovely Party," produced by
Miss Ida Lee Davis and Alfred I. McKin
non. They kept the house in a continual
roar. \
rishioners and Friends of Rev.
Father McQuaide. ¦
Alhambra Theater Is Packed by Pa-
HOLY REDEEMER CHURCH
SHOW GREAT SUCCESS
Russer R. Stedman, whose, affidavit i3
tho most sensational, makes the flat as
sertion that the books found are not part
of the order given Oakes. The position
of Stedman is the most peculiar in the af
fair. Stedman has been connected with
the Enquirer for years, long before Dan
iels assumed control, and he-has always
attended to the county printing and ad
vertising and political work for the paper.
He continued in this department when
Daniels assumed control, and now he ap
pears as the maker of an affidavit charg
ing his employer with felony. This is
Stedman's statement to-day:
The books found in that vault are not part
of those covered by the order given Oakes.
They are some previous order that was put
STET>MAN'S EXPLANATION.
They have said enough about political enmity
and corporation attack, but they don't explain.
They are ready to accuse other people of doing
things that they are doing themselves.
Russel R. Stedman declared that those
books had been made by the Enquirer but
that they were old stock that had been
In the vault for years, and that they were
not the books called for in the order he
A demand was made upon the deputies
for the seventy-five books covered by the
Oakes-Enqulrer order, and the present set
of fifty-nine working assessment books
was pointed out. An investigation of the
accounts in the County Expert's office
showed that on October 3, 1901, a bill for
exactly fifty-nine such books had been
paid. This disposed of that set of books
and showed that an order for fifty-nine
books had been given and filled six weeks
subsequent to the Oakes-Enquirer order
which was given August 19.
At this point the deputies referred the
matter to their absent chief, and it being
nearly noon time the battalion of Inter
ested ones made a move for the nearest
lunch tables. Dalton telephoned to the
District Attorney's office that he would be
present at 1:30 o'clock.
There was another demand for the books
covered by the Oakes-Enquirer order af
ter lunch, and then Chief Deputy Thomas
M. Robinson showed the way to a vault
in the cellar and uncovered fifty-eight
working assessment rolls, being seventeen
short of the number called for in the dis
puted order. No mortgage books at all
were found, making the number of books
short of the original order, forty-seven.
From there the interest moved to the
Assessor's ' office and Bromley, accom
panied by his two attorneys, and County
Expert John M. Sabin, made an effort
to find Assessor Dalton. The Assessor
was out but had left word that he would
be back at noon time.
So it left the matter up to the deputies
of County Assessor Dalton to produce
seventy-five working assessment rolls and
thirty mortgage books which were repre
sented by the bills allowed by the Super
visors and the two checks issued by J. B.
Lanktree. If the books could be produced
the case fell. If they could not be found
explanations were due from the Assess
or's office and those to whom the order
was given.
The first assault was made upon the
District Attorney's office. Attorney Al
len declared that he would have to make
an investigation before he could act. At
this point Nusbaumer's client, Ross P.
Bromley, announced that he was ready to
swear to the warrants against Dalton and
Daniels. District Attorney Allen declined
to accept his oath until there had been an
investigation made by his own office.
Then Emil Nusbaumer produced . another
man who was ready to make oath to tha
complaints in the person of Russel R.
Stedman, the employe of the Enquirer
who had made such a positive statement
about the books never having been de
livered. But the District Attorney refused
to act.
No one seemed to know what to ex
pect. Even the accused seemed a little
uncertain as to what was going to de
velop during the day. County Assessor
Dalton had said that the matter was "up
to his deputies," and G. B. Daniels did
not remember the little transaction,
though he was certain that if the order
had ever been given the books had beeen
delivered. George Oakes had sworn that
he had been given an order for the books
which he had promptly turned over to
the Enauirer and that when checks had
been issued by J. B. Lanktree in payment
for the work that he had indorsed one if
not both of them over to G. B. Daniels.
The checks had been paid and the bills
for the work had been paid, those were
two undisputed facts, but these were met
with the affidavit of Russel R. Stedman
that he had delivered the order for the
work to the Enquirer, but that the work
had never been done or delivered. More
than that Stedman did not know.
WITHHOLDS THE WARRANTS.
OAKLAND, June 4.— Great interest
was centered in the courthouse
to-day when it became known
that there was a. move on foot to
have County Assessor Henry P.
Dalton and G. B. Daniels, preside-nt of
the Enquirer Publishing Company, ar
rested for obtaining the money for an or
der for assessment books that were never
delivered.
The movement of the people toward the
court house was caused by the publica
tion in 1 the morning papers that Emil
Nusbaumer had laid before District Attor
ney Allen certain affidavits involving Dal
ton and Daniels, together with a request
for warrants for their arrest on a charge
of felony.. Emil Nusbaumer. headed ear^y
for District Attorney Allen's office to see
it that official had decided to issue these
warrants. Accompanying Nusbaumer was
the "mysterious" client for whom >-us
baumer says he is working and whose
name he declined to divulge last night.
That client proved to be Koss P. Brom
ley, a young real estate man and expert.
Accompanying them was M. C. Chapman,
who appeared as associate attorney with
Nusbaumer for Client Bromley.
Following these came another battalion
of less interested people, composed of
County Expert John M. Sabin, Kussel R.
Stedman, the member of the Enquirer
staff who accused his employer of rob
bing the county of Alameda, members of
both the city and county governments,
members of the Board of Supervisors,
and unattached politicians generally. For
whatever the gravity of the charge and
however much it might affect the integ
rity of officials and the finances of the
county, it seemed impossible to divorce
the charges from the political situation in
Oakland.
I am told that these books that they have
found in an old vault are old stock, and I be-
Hf ve inK I* 011 '* Relieve -that they are part of
the 105 books ordered at that time, and I don't
believe that that order of books was ever filled
I told the District Attorney that they would try
and ring in some old stock on us. and they
have done so. First they tried to work off on
tw fifty-nine books that are now in use We
found bills under date of October 3. 1001 "abso
lutely identifying, these books. . The order we
are looking for consists of seventy-five books
of one kind and thirty of another kind and
was given on August 19. Why did they give
an order for a complete set in August and an
other in October, when these booka last from
three to five years for each set 7 The usual
number used is sixty— why did they order sev
enty-five from Oakes? They don't produce any
mortgage books at ail except those in use and.
accordingto the bills, they -were made and pali
for in 1800. We are ready to swear to a war
rant at any time. . .......
I'd like to know who ia behind this. The
whole thing is an Infernal lie. . It is all put
up by my political enemies, and I am golnr
to find out who the man is who is trying to
ruin me. It's another effort on the part of
the Contra Costa Water Company and their
attorneys. Nusbaumer Is doing this for Day
and because he hates me.
Of course, I gave that order. I rave it to
Mr. Oakes because he had been my friend Of
course, hja could not fill the order himself' but
he could- give It to some one else and ha
might make a little commission for himself
As for the cashing of the order the law pro
vides that when an order for work is cfven
the party who receives it can make out a
bill and It can be paid upon the Indorsement
of the official giving the order that the ex
penditure has been authorised. Following the
usual custom and the law I indorsed upon
those bills the fact that I had authorized the
expenditure. It is not my business to see that
the order Is delivered, and the law does not
require that the order shall be delivered before
the bills are passed. It is the work of my
deputies to see that books are delivered and to
receipt therefor. I have no connection with
that and I am assured that these books were
delivered. -We have found most of the books
and I will have the others traced by to-morrow
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton was
content with a general denial of the
charges, but between denials he Inter
jected some editorial opinions about hla
political enemies and gave some very in
teresting testimony in regard to the way
in which work Is paid for by the county
before it is even printed. He said:
DALTON GHOWS ' IRATE.
Therefore, I am glad to say, neither Nus
baumer nor the water company lijtea the En
quirer; and both would be very glad to see the
Enquirer discredited in the public mind. How
ever, both Nusbaumer and the water company
aro well known to the peopl« of Oakland, and
I rather think that Nusbaumer' s connection
with this affair ought to be notice enough to
the Enquirer's friends and the publlo generally
that. If thero is anything crooked in the whole
affair, It is not on the part of the Enquirer.
Again let me say that so fftr as the En
quirer and myself are concerned, there Is ab
solutely nothing In the charges made by Nus
baumer; that Stedman's affidavit Is absolutely
false, so far as It Imputes to me anything that
at all smacks of any fraud or dishonesty that
I shall do all I can to unearth the whole mat
ter and punish the guilty parties; and that
Nusbaumer and his water company masters
cannot, in this or any other way control or
silence the Enquirer In its defense of the peo
ple against .the attempts (bo far successful) of
the water company to rob the people of this
city. . Q. B. DANIELS.
Mr. Stedman has been a trusted employe of
the Enquirer, and If h« haa In any way by his
acts Involved his employers he haa, of course,
done so with malice and probably for a consid
eration. At any rate. I shall do everything In
my power to bring all the facts In the case to
public notice, feeling absolutely sure that
there has been no fraud committed that will in
any way reflect upon the Enquirer or myself.
It will be noticed, perhaps, that Judge Nus
baumer has fathered these charges. It will
also be remembered that Judge Nusbaumer has
been, and probably etill Is, the trusted political
agent of the Contra Costa Water Company.
The Enquirer has always taken occasion to
Ehow up Nusbaumer and the water company
whenever either or both of them has been en
gaged in any nefarious attempts against the
people of Oakland.
In regard to the Nusbaumer allegations of
fraud against Alameda County, I have only
this to say: If any fraud has been committed
I know absolutely nothing about It. and all
connection that the Enquirer has had with tho
ccunty will be found in the books of account In
the Enquirer office.
There was a general sultry feeling in the
air as if there was impending an erup
tion of a political Pelee.
During the day G. B. Daniels printed in
his own paper the following statement of
his position, which he gave out / a£ official
for himself:
When the Courfhouse closed forthe day
day Assessor Dalton and his deputies -were
declaring: that these fifty-eight books rep
resented the unused portion of the Oakes-
Enquirer order for 105 books. Russel R.
Stedman was declaring that they were no
part of that order. Both Stedman and
Bromley withdrew their offer to swear to
a warrant at that stage of the proceed
ings. Emil Nusbaumer was openly de
manding that District Attorney Allen
issue warrants for both Dalton and Dan
iels. District Attorney Allen s=aid that the
investigation had not proceeded far
enough for him to issue the warrants. G.
B. Daniels was abusing his employe, Rus
sel R. Stedman, and intimating that he
had been bought by Nusbaumer to make
the affidavit. Assessor Dalton was mak
ing unkind remarks about Nusbaumer
and asserting that George Oakes, the man
whom he had befriended, had betrayed
him.
DANIELS MAKES STATEMENTS.
had seen delivered to Oakes and which
Oakes and Daniels had turned over to him
to have placed with the Enquirer.
The Yosemite Stage and Turnpike Com
pany Is trying the experiment of oiling its
wagon roads from Raymond to fhe Yo
semite Valley. One of the greatest objec
tions to visiting tha valley during mid
summer is the dust, and it Is hoped that
the experiment will be successful as It
may mean much to California wagon
roads generally. After the first two or
three applications it will be necessary to
oil the roads but once during a season.
This company has recently put into effect
a through daily . limited stage service be
tween Raymond and Yosemite, making
the run In twelve hours. It is thus made
possible for passengers leaving San Fran
cisco at 5 p. m. to be In the valley at the
same hour the following evening.
Are Oiling Yosemite Boads.
LINCOLN* EVENING- SCHOOL'
HOLDS CLOSING EXERCISES
Nearly Two Hundred Young Men and
Ladies Finish Their Academio
Careers^
The graduating exercises of the Lincoln
Evening School were held last night at
Odd Fellows' Hall. James Denman, pres
ident of the Board of Education, presided.
The hall was packed to the doors. A
dance followed the exercises. There were
thirty-seven graduates in bookkeeping,
forty-four in stenography, six in French,
eleven in Spanish, forty-four from the
ninth grade and twenty-four In drawing.
The following medals were awarded by
Director Alfred Roncovieri: -
Denman medal— Bessie LJlllth Willis.
Bridge medals— Robert Allen Sattertn
waite. Anton 'A. Ruegg, Joseph Gibbons,
Robert G. Hans and Luigi Melaf ronte.
Following is the- programme:
Overture, Blum's Orchestra; recitation.
"Abraham Lincoln," Russel W. Frisble; song,
"Youth Unending," chorus from Commercial
Debating Society; recitation, "The S<»olar In
Politics," Alexander C. Robertson; soiTg "To
day," Miss Henrietta A. Jacobson; recitation,
selection. Miss Bertha M. Mendelsohn; son*'
"The Catastrophe." quartet; violin solo' (Weigh*
Bert D. Balart; valedictory, Walter B. Trefts'
delivery, of diplomas by Hon. R. H. Webster
(superintendent of public schools); presentation
of Bridge and Denman medals by Hon. Alfred
Roncovlert (member of the- Board of Educa
tion]^
davit unless ho was bought. I don't know
whether he Is still connected with the paper
or not, for he did not report at the office this
morning.
M. C. Chapman outlined his connection
with the case in this wise:
I appear as attorney for Mr. Bromley. My
client stands ready to swear to complaints if It
Is proven that the men are guilty, but it has
not yet been 'sufficiently proven In our minds.
If a prosecution arises I shall assist In the
prosecution and will receive a fee for so doing.
Joseph B. Lanktree took this very prac
tical stand:
I discounted that warrant, but don't think
that I made enough out of It. Look how Ionic
I had to wait for my money. I always was
easy. All that I know is that Mr. Oakea had
a properly . authenticated claim against the
county and I advanced him the money. I
don't know whether any books were delivered
or not
And so the matter stands pending fur
ther investigation.
There are physicians in Germany who
charge only 2 cents for a consultation and
4 cents for a visit. > ,. :••-.-,
Auditorium of Girls' High School Is
'Crowded With Friends of the
Young 1 Graduates.
The graduation exercises of the Hamil
ton Evening: school were held last night
In the auditorium of the Girls' High
School, which was crowded with the
. friends of the young: students. The stage
was beautifully decorated with a profu
sion of flowers, potted ferns and foliage.
Twenty-eight pupils received diplomas in
reward - for having i satisfactorily com
pleted the work of the ninth grade, while
graduation honors were conferred on nine
others who had completed the course in
bookkeeping. Tha diplomas were pre
sented by W. de L«. Kingsbury, .who took
occasion to say a few appropriate words
of admonition and encouragement 'to the
graduates.
John Rossi read an able essay on "Or
der is Heaven's First Law," which aphor
ism Was also the class motto. Misses
Madeline and Elizabeth Lagomarslno ren
dered a mandolin duet and William Stern
delivered "Marc Antony's Oration."
Scenes from Shakespeare's play "A Mid
summer Night's Dream" were presented.
The graduates were as follows:
Louis M. Apparlus, "William S. Boyle, Anna
M. Braasoh, Louisa Delsescaux, George A. Dono
van, Clarence Foster, Joseph Charles Harrison,'
Jesse J. Jacobs, Charles Johansen, Rudolph W.
Jooat, Donald Kessler, Elizabeth Lagomarslno,
John L. Lowton, Edward May, Rosa May,
Rose A. McQiirk. Honour. McLean, Joseph W.
McGeary, Joseph Edmond Morand, Peter Mur
phy, ; Milton Newhouse, John Rossi, Frank
Shea, Joseph Schwartz, Charles Teedman, Wil
liam i Stern, Lawrence O. F. Troy, Henry C.
Titus. -
Bookkeeping class — Bernard J. Flaherty,
William Kern. Ludwi* Michels. Albert Mlch
els, Eiarmund Neuhaus, Raymond "W. Nolan,
Genevleva T. Simrak. James A. ¦ Ryan.
Those who received medals and mention
were: -
Bridge medallists— John Rossi, Rudolph W.
Joost. .Honorably mentioned, John L. Low
ton, Lawrence O. F. Troy. •
1 Denman medallist — Rosa May. Anna M.
Braasch and Louise Delsescauz.
PUPILS OP HAMILTON
SCHOOL HOLD EXERCISES
THE\ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1902.
Accused Editor Publishes Statement Denying That
He Had Any Knowledge of Alleged Fraud, •
Wishes to Make a Personal Investigation Before
Commencing Criminal Proceedings.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY ALLEN REFUSES TO ISSUE
WARRANTS FOR ARREST OF DALTGN AND DANIELS
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
A BIG EARNER.
Good Food Pays Better Than Any
Other Investment
Money put Into properly selected food
that brings health and maintains It " Is
better Invested than any other way.
A man vrho had spent hundreds of dol-
lars In meflldnes to try and ret well
writes that the past year he has used 158
packares of Grape-Nuts. He says: "Sev-
eral years ago I had two severe shocks of
paralysis, bringing on general nervous de-
bility. I was not able to do work of any
kind for several years.
"I doctored hundreds of dollars away.
About a year ago I began using Grape-
Nuts Breakfast Food and have so stead-
ily gained in strength and health that
since last July I have worked every day
at collecting for a large company, walk-
ing several miles a day and have not en-
Joyed better health for over 20 years than
I do now. I am able to use all kinds of
food, but do not eat much besides Grape-
Nuts and Postum Food Coffee." W. F.
Albro, 207 Chestnut St., Ecranton, Pa.
Don't overlook the recip© book In each
package of Grape-Nuts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MRS. SOU. ROSER,
Grand-Niece of Ex-President
James K. Polk, Writes to
Mrs. Pinkham Saying:
11 Deaf. Mes. Phtkhjlm : — I have beea
married for nearly two years, and so
far have not been blessed -with a child.
I have, however, suffered with a com-
plication of female troubles and pain-
ful menstruation, until very recently.
MBS. IDA I- BOSZB.
"The ralue of L.ydia E. Pialc-
ham's Vegetable Compound was
called to my attention by an intimate
friend, whose life had simply been a
torture with inflammation and ulcer-
ation, and a few bottles of your Com-
pound cured her ; she can hardly
believe it herself to-day, she enioys
such blessed health. I took four
bottles of jo nr Compound and consider
myself cured. I am once more in fino
health and spirits; my domestic and
official duties all seem easy now, for I
feel so strong 1 I can do three times
what I used to do. You have a host of
friends in Denver, and among the best
count. Yours very gratefully * — Mbs.
Ida L.-B06EB, 326 13th Ave., Denver,
Col." — fOOOO forfeit tf «6om testimonial la not
genuine.
If you are ill, don't hesitate to
get abottleof LydiaE. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound at once,
and write to 3Irs. Pinknam,
"Lynn, Mas*, for special adflce—
ftlsfree.d £_ — .VALLEJO.. June 4. — The carpenters' strike
against Contractors Brown and Blair has been
settled, and the contractors will hire such
men as they need, paying $4 a day.
Round tri;> transfer tickets now on sale
et any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) BO cents. Morton Special Delivery.
40S Taylor street, €30 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. •
Ivotice to Passengers.
MARTIXEZ. June 4.— The trial of Dr.
William Ryder Powell, charged with the
murder of Albert Crandall on February
12, near the town of Clayton, was com
menced yesterday before Superior Jud^e
William S. Wells. The selection of a jury
vas completed at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
A great number of witnesses are present
to testify, and the trial will occupy a
¦week or ten days.
Powell on Trial for Murder.
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, 641 Market
etreet. for Illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. •
The quickest and most convenient way in
and cut of the Yosemite Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave fan Francisco to
£ajr at 8 a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemlte to-morrow at 5 p. m.
Tosemite Via the Santa Fe.
J. B. Wattles of Healdsburg, a member
of Santa Rosa Lodge, has the distinction
of being one of the original founders of
Elkdom. He was one of the number
present at the institution of the order in
1&60 in New York City. At that time the
membership was confined to actors. Dur
ing all these years Wattles has been a
member of the order, and when the lodge
was instituted in this city he cast his lot
with it.
Santa Rosa Lodge was instituted on
February 9, 1901. The work was performed
by District Deputy Frank L. Gray, as
sisted by the team of Vallejo Lodge. Hun
dreds of visitors came from r»**«
Oakland and San Francisco to attend ths
ltstivlties.
The building was erected especially for
the accommodation of the Elks by one of
their members, Cornelius Shea. It is the
handsomest hall in this city and has been
fitted by the Elks with an eye to beauty
alone. It is elegantly carpeted and fur
nished and has one of the handsomest
grand pianos erer manufactured. There
is a commodious dining hall just off the
lodgeroom. The front of the building,
which faces the east, contains the large
billiard-room, library-room and parlors,
all handsomely furnished. Special atten
tion has been paid to the acoustic proper
tics and the lighting.
SANTA ROSA, June 4.— Elks' Hall was
dedicated to-night with appropriate cere
monies. It was ladies' nigrht "with the
Elks, and the wives, daughters and
sweethearts of members of the organiza
tion took occasion to visit the meeting
rooaj of the lodge and inspect the quar
ters.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Lodge Profits Through the
Generosity of One of
Its Members.
Splendid Quarters for a
Sonoma County
Herd.
ROSE CITY ELKS
OPEN NEW HALL
An additional charge of SO
cents to pay expreiiaee will
lie reqnlred from oat of town
subscribers ordering by mall.
A car-load of Cook Books
baa Ju«t arrived from Chicajr*
and they are ready for distri
bution at the basinets office
of thin paper. All Call sub
scriber* are entitled to a copy
of this srreat Cook Book at
the premium price of fifty
cent*.
TWEHTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1902.
10
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
For health and pleasure go to Napa Soda
Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful
Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
land ponies and burros for children. Two trains
daily, 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Address *¦
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs.
[ BARTLETT SPRINGS.
Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
D1TLC Hotel $10 to $15 per week. Eonse-
ftAlLJ. k e ,pi r g Cottage* $3 to f 16 per week.
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards. Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong,
Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank, 20x80;
Hot Water. Vapor, Tub, Mineral and Ro-
man Baths; competent Massaglsts; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O.. Bartlett Springs,
Or No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
G- O
/ETNA SPRINGS
Napa County.
The resort for young and old. All kinds of
amusements for children.
MUSIC AND DANCING.
See if your friends are among the arrivals.
EDWARD L. SANFORD, Manager.
CAMP CURRY
Arrivals, May, 1901. 80
Arrivals. May. 1902 202
Office, Peck's Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery st.
YOSEMITE.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburon ferry, 7:30 a. m., 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, 807 Sutter st. Phone
Sutter 2371, 11 Montgomery st, or A. V.
MORSE. Lytton, Sonoma County, Cal.
01 1 1 III _T-._: Napa County. The most
\t HQlOnO charming spot in Califor-
oh nciciid -k^t <- rl v 8 un rr
picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good hotels.
Summer resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday
$2.60. Take boat foot of Market street, 7:30
a. m. and 4 p. m.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES I
Boating. Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral spring?. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Midlake
P. O., Lake County, or call at office of C. N.
W. R. R. Co., 650 Market st.
TiiowRsri/ :: °n " n « of Sierra Ry. ;
TURNBACK :: elevation 2553 ft.;
INN, :: * n08t elegantly ap-
TlTrtl ll/WMK :: Pointed hotel in the
1 UULUmiNb, : : mountains; stop here
CAL. : : on your wav to or
• : from Tosemite Valley
HOWELL MT.,W00DWORTH'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER, St. Helena, Cal.
T> nTT7O vrl frr% « «1 n I" theheartoftheSurU
KOW<ir(lCIlIl-iIl Cn « Mountain., yet
near enough to the ocean
for a daily salt water twim. Redwoods and sea breezes
— a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.
Peclc'i Information Bureau, II Montgomery Street,
S. F.,or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncans Mills. Cal. For
Information and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery st, or write R. C. Cal-
houn, Proprietor.
OWN A HOME^Tg^-CAHP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, store, postoffice. Sausallto ferry, $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
agua caliente:, '
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or 8.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many improvements; $12
and $14, THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor.
Agua Caliente, Cal.
All Fif\\f HOT SPRINGS — Water,
E I I 19 fi y W climate, scenery unsur-
¦ ¦II W\ B 3 D passed.. Camping prlvl-
W I Ib ' W I leges now. Trains from
___________^__m_-_i Third and Townsend sts.,
& a. rn., 2:45 p. m. Literature on application.
R. ROBERTSON, Gilroy Springs, Cal.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming report in the Santa Crur Mts.;
2 hours from San Franciaco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sporta; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coaat; open
all the year. E. H. GOODMAN, Manager.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
1 From Sisson. Address H. McGulnness, Prop.
EL MONTE HOTEL. Sisson. Cal. Expe-
rienced guides at hotel.
"THE GROVE."
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of Tallac. Rates.
$2 per day, $9 per week; meals, 60c; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery; boats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. P.. Cal. ¦
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and full
Information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st., or
R. R. office, 660 Market, or John Martens,
Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co., Cal. . ¦
MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrono Monday, Wed. and
Sat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. dally. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cal.. Prop.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. Now open for
business. Rates, $8 to $16 per week.
. SUMMER RESORT,
Among the Pine Hills; altitude 2024 feet; $7
per week; first-class accommodation, i Before
going elswhere write to CHAS. GROTTIAN,
Applegate. Placer County. Cal. ¦ ' - ¦ ,
FOREST HOTEL.
A T TUT A ' '
Santa Cruz Mountains. ¦ Good trout fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME, Prop.
BUM SPIES
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNEY. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK
CROQUET. TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley. Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trip*
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". .$10 per week
Two persons in room, "small hotel". $18 per week
une person in room, "cottages". ...$11 per week
Tlwo persons in room, "cottages"... $20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"
_„ $12 and $14 per week
Two persons In room. "MAIN HOTEL"....
Br.vv;':'j * 20 and s 22 per we€k
bpecial Inducements for School Teachers or
J-Bmllies desiring to remain by the month.-
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
JtJureau, 11 Montgomery or The Traveler office,
„ ° -, : ??^, t £P mery ¦*•• or wlte direct to CRAIG
& \NARNKR. Highland Springs. Lake Co., Cal.
SAtfTA CATAUNA ISLAND,
3# Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments Impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catallna Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fishing: and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomea Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camt) Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
Ing, Music. Dancine. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street. Los An-
geles, cr E. C. PECK, Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau, 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal.
0 US J9 /"* /"% ft HOT SPRINGS, SONO-
A/f MlllrS MA COUNTY; only 4%
Un/I(/l/U hours from San Fran-
cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath In State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau.
11 Montgomery st.; also at Traveler office. 20
Montgomery St., or of J. F. MULGREW,
Skaggs. Cal.
4
SPECIAL RATES TO TEACHERS.
You all know about my table.
H. O. WICKES. Castella,.Cal.
¥ THE seaside resort of Central California |
1 — enlarged, improved— per day $2 upwards I
I —fine orchestra—now open, send for I
0 booklet. Address for hotel, R. M. Briar*. I
| ; For cottages, F. Reanier, Capitola, Cal. j
DR. G. G. O'DONNELL'fi
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-,
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 4e
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages, and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Meals served on
the grounds at reasonable rates. Inquire of
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1021% Market
St.. bet. Sixth .and Seventh, San Francisco.
SEIGLER SPRKGSaESKsa
& mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing. Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave.. or
Eeigler Springs; Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
WHITE COTTACES.
Ho well Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; dally
mall; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $8 per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwln, Cal.
KUAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $2 GO per day; $10 to $14 per
week. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.,
or address EDSON BROS., Beswick, Siskiyou
County. Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters In the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendocino Co., Cal.
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at- .
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
AT
grolf, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching from the hotel
throughout the valley.
GEORGE P. SNELL., Manager.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
PASO R0BLE3 H
— — Nature's own selec-
. Hfllx tion for a health and
•¦ _> V#JLx pleasure resort be-
____ . _ _____ cause of the curative
HI"* A TTH Properties of its mud
lli_Jril_ J. 11 ' and FUlphur baths for
rheumatism, lnsom-
A KTTt n'a.- gout, neuralgia.
/vMlJ liver, kidney and blood
diseases. Has every
¥\¥ 13 A CTTTVC natural advantage for
PLEASURE yg^yasrs:
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F., Agt.
ftyron j^ot Springs
**^ CONTRA COSTA CO.. CAL.— Fine
hotel, modern improvements, perfect ap-
pointments. Suites with mineral baths.
These wonderful waters and hot mineral
and mud baths cure Rheumatism and Ma-
laria without fail. Address • Manager, By-
ron Hot Springs, Cal. Call on Lombard &
Co.. 36 Geary st.
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST. BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Said
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains." Try it and form your own opinion.
During June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
If you want to.
For folder giving full descriDtion call at the
8. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN, TAHOE CITY.
CAL. .
THE TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion. Resident physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallao, CaL
Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
For descriDtive pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau, 613 Market at. . -
BROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE 1.
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCKWAY TALLY-HO
Over our short cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
LAKE TAHOE.
Lakeside Park. Now open. Hotel, cottages
and tents. Delightful camping grounds near
steamer landing; furnished tents to rent. For
descriptive circulars and terms address S. B.
Smith & Co.. Statellne P. O.. El Dorado Co.. Cal.
L-PlIVE TMHOE,
Glenbrook. Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND. proprietor.
RUBICON SPRINGS
' Open June 15. Connections by stage daily
with steamer. Rates, $2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to $14 per week. D. ABBOTT, PrOD., Mc-
Klnneys, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer 'resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
day, or $10, $12, $14 per week Postofflce, tel.
A. L. Frost, Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
DEER P*RK INN AN 7 ) COTTACES.
0 miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place; 6507 feet elevation. Mineral spring*.
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal.
TMHOF INN,
Tahoe City, one mile from New Hotel. Now
open. Write for terms. MRS. VADE BRYSON.
prop. .
TRUCKEE RIVER
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Fish-
ing unexcelled; flsh hatchery. Second season.
Send for booklet. W. C. Foulks, Verdi, Nev.
AmONG THE PINES.
Altitude 2024 feet; plenty of cream, fruit, etc.;
near P. O. ; home cooking; L. D. phone; no
consumptives. Address ROBEKT F. WARHAM,
Applegate. Placer County, California.
APVEBTISEMENTS.
jjj CARTERS"
Positively cured by these
Iiittle Pills,
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Xausca, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small fc'Sfic**
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave San Fran-
1 SW--. cipco as follows:
H*^sSfc For Ketchikan, Juneau,
KS^SfSnik Skaguay. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
m-. June 5, 10. 15. 20, 25. 30,
; "«^!*/^ VJvi July 5. Change to company d
i is*nfv*S2r*'ia ftPHmers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
** Port Tcwnsend. Seattle, Ta-
ccrr.a, Everett. Whatcom —
CnaVat &«& &&?«%£
! KSr t0 Eu«taVHu»boldt Bay)-l:30 p. m..
aV£ fvVK^Sss^
Redcndc). San Diego rfnd Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. » a. m.
Ptate of California. Thursdays fl a. m.
For Los Angelee (via San Pedro and Eas .
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Ha^^Jlf"
Lula Obispo). Ventura. Hueneme and 'Newport
(•Bonita only). . _ ._ __ T ,,,_ .
Coos Bay, 8 a. m..June 7, 15. 23. July 1.
Fo^Ensenada. Maguklena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Martian, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
Guaymas <Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each montn.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C D DUN ANN, Gen. Passenger Agent
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & TV- CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or..
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to AH
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
ES. COLUMBIA Sails. .June 2. 12, 22, July 2
SS. GEO. W. ELDER SAILS.. June 7, 17, 27
Elteainer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Mong*y. S. F.
ftambufg-American.
TWIX-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG. *
A, Victoria June lTIColumbia July 3
F. Bismarck... June 2ClF. Bismarck July 2-4
TWIX-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
Vic. Luise June 10! Patricia June 17
Moltke June 10^ Bluecher June 24
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, IN. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California st.. San Francisco.
COMPAGNIE GENEEALE TEAHSATLANTIQOB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -j*, "
Sailing every Thursday, instead ot
Saturday, at 10 a. in., from Pier 42, —S^isSiw
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, §45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Ralload Ticket Agents.
AJUEKICAX lilXE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Louis. June 11. 10am r St. Paul.. June 25. 10am
Phlla June 18, 10am | St. Louis.July 2.10am
REL; STAR LIKE.
KTEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
Freesland.June ll.nooni Vaderland June 21,noon
Sou thwrk.. June 18,noon|Kroonlnd..June 28, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMEBS,
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:50 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. rn., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
lwnmnwiiiii J—^~i ¦*%>-*^<3*t- A
I THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
School will be open to summer
mD>LO guests during June apd July.
l»\r»IV Superior climate, excellent
rAKK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
__________ dress IRA G. HOITT.
PARAISO SPRINGS.
The leading summer and winter resort of the'
State. Send for beautiful booklet to F. W.
SCHROEDER, Mgr., or call at City Agent, 11
Montgomery Et.
KENILWORTH INN.
Kenilworth Inn. Mill Valley, under new man-
agement, will be opened as a strictly first-
class house on or about June 7. 1902.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room; new myrtle cottage; hunting, boating,
bathing, toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling,
etc.; free teams to our mineral springs, 15
kinds. E. Durnan, Laurel Dell. Lake Co., Cal.
HORFRfi'S Among the Pine Mountains.
" VULIUI ° California's choicest climate.
Tha place to enjoy the country. Bowling, swim-
ming, croquet,- hunting, fishing and the best of
meals. Rates fS *>er week. For further infor-
mation inquire 10 Montgomery st. or Hoberg's,
Lake County. MRS. M. HOBERG. Prop.
MT. VEEDBR FAMILY RESORT.
Redwood groves. Elevation 1650 feet. No
fog. Climate delightful. All varieties fruit.
Iron springs, hunting, mountain scenery, pleas-
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable. Ad-
dress P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa.
SOlID C03U0BT KOME^eT'zSoo'Tt-
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large or-
chard, vegetab'.e garden. Hot, cold baths. Spring
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stage
meets train. Schuler &- Scheben. Napa, Cal.
AMES «fc HARRIS
Inc.
TENTS, HAMMOCKS. FLAGS AWNINGS
CAMP FURNITURE.
100 Sacramento St. San Francisco.
HOTEL. LA HONDA.
ITUATED IN THE REDWOODS. GOOD
*-' trout fishing. Season now open. Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. L J. SEARS. La Honda.
San Mateo County. Cal.
TROUT FISHING.
Best in State at BOCA, CAL.
For Information address Boca Hotel. Boca.
Nev. Co.. Cal., on TRUCKEE RIVER.
It you wish to kno-w where the finest min-
eral springs on the Pacific Coast are, so
tbat you can select the one most desir-
able for you. get "Vacation. 1902."
If you wish to camp In some mountain
dell, or on the bank of some limpid
stream, get "Vacation. 1902."
K you prefer a hotel or a private home In
some beautiful town, get "Vacation.
1902."
If you prefer the free life of a farm, get
"Vacation. 1902."
This little book. "Vacation, 1902." is-
sued by the California Northwestern
Railway Company, gives complete In-
formation for any* kind of an outing.
To be had at ticket offices of company, 650
Market street (Chronicle building), and
Tiburon Ferry, or at the General Office,
Mutual Life building, corner Sansome
and California streets.
Call or write for a copy.
H. C. WHITING. Geni Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass. Agt.
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders in all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading physicians. Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R. ; stage from Uklah.
Call or address
WITTER P.O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
Main office and water depot. 918 Market
street, room 64, city.
R. McCORMICK. Manager.
GRANT'S.
Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming and fishing, croquet grounds, hammocks
etc. One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. First floor, one person In room, $9 per
week; two In a room, $16 per week. Second
floor, one person In room, $8 per week; two In a
room, $14 per. week. Will also furnish tents to
those desiring. Single person In tent, $6 per
week; two in a tent. $10 per week. Buy tickets
to Grant Station. Address Mrs. A. F. GRANT
Healdsburg;, Sonoma County. Cal.
. WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., 28 miles by
etagis west of Williams; fare 82. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 14S
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART*
Proprietor. . *
&i: TOCALOMA m £rjn
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties- fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
Bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m. "
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
Leach). Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove"-
new management :. all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR. Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE~
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; IB miles from Truckee. i n an unbroken
lorest. Further information Traveler office 20
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMOX3
Truckee. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F., 2% hours; 5 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cure rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. Free
bus to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. Cat
JOHANNISBERG.
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL -
large dining-room; exhilarating air; huntin-'
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason!
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR.. prop., Oakvllle, Napa County, or Peck'a
Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home. Sonoma. Will meet guests
Pleasant location. Plentx shade; nlca drives:
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER. Sonoma. Sonoma County, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— Posi-
tive i cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains. Board, Including baths $s
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK.' St.
Helena. Cal. ,
For rest and health i ivf THE o| ERRA o
tiw f r , eS from San Fr - No Bt »glng; good
tftblejnn^tsoenery, water, air, fruit and climate^
booklet" ST °u ni % »*•«>¦*••*. SendTo
oooKlet Orchard Springs, Colfax. Cal
THE CEYSERs7~
(Sonoma County). New management; rooms
plastered and hard finished; new furniture-
new. private bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
round: white help only; best livery; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
Near the ocean. Fishing In only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. $2 per day. C. P. MOSCONI. Prop..
Purisslma. San Mateo Co.. Cal.
NEVADA CITY.
Th« land of mines, pines and sunshine. Na-
tional Hotel and Annex. Matchless climate
mountain scenery, pine groves famous gold
mines. Perfect, accommodations. Reasonable
Adams .
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
For stomach, liver- and kidney trouble*-—
positive cure for constipation. New kltchea
and dining-room, under the supervision of Cart
Raymond and Hans Mortensin and assistant*!
recently from Hotel del Coronado! Five n»W
houses. Room for all. We have more testK
monlala from people cured t 11 *" all othet
springs combined.
For farther particulars and printed matte*
at Traveler*' Information Bureau. 20 Mont*
gom<yy st., San Francisco.
DR. W. R. PRATHER.
Adams Springs.
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mile
From Bigr Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Camous Station. For parties*
lars and booklet write THOS. L. BELL, P. O..
Felton. Cal. Opens June 1st.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND ' YOSEMITE STAGS
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolurnn*
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2% hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Yosemlte Valley
6 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE, Gen'l. Agent, 630 Market st. oppoait*
Palace Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3371.
H O T E 1—, Continuous
MATKO,
«= nx tsj Report.
mflTEo, Ftee .2r tey
..S^.'T^ To-morrow.
WHITESULPHLR SPRINGS.
Now ODen for the season. All amusement*
for health and pleasure. Rates. $3, $10 and $12
per week. Take Tiburon ferry. Bus meet*
train. Address E. HA WES. Santa Rosa. CaL
fAMPTAYIflC HOTEL. camp cottage*
LAiJir lAILUK and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 ilontgom.
ery street. H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains
at Hopland. I-eave HoDland at 12:30; arrivo as
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:30. New 6-horse 14-passenger tourist wagons.
, made to order for this stage line, with all tin
most modem improvements. Passengers for
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tickets can b«
had at office Cal. Northwestern Ry., 630 Mar-
ket St., or at Tiburon Ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
V r CFY SP"RINGS— 3 miles from Uklah.
? Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the- world of
this class of waters having continuous Cow of
natural warm water direct from, springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first-class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
prCttLARDSCrN'S SP"RT-NTGS — T • a
*» miles from Chlco. Cal. Noted for being a>
sure- cum for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chico. Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable In Lake
Co.; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip tickets, 3. P. office,
|8. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
PLANTATION HOUSE. IS miles from Caza-
dero— Grand redwood and mountain scenery;
good trout fishing: plenty of fruit, cream and
milk. Dally mall, stage from Cazadero. Through
fare. R. R. and stage. $3 50. For particulars
apply J. Luttringer. Sea View. Sonoma Co.. CaL
HOTEL £>E REDWOOD— Santa Cru» Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $3 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 SO. M. 3.
COX. Laurel. Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
t! SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort is located In tha Santa
Cruz Mountains, tt miles from Capitola, Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB. Sequel. Cal.
Mountain View ' Ranch-r-Hotel. cottages,
well-known table. Phone, swimming, daily
mall; campers to Glenwood, Including carriage,
$3 75 round trip. F. R. DANN, Santa Cruz.
W" ILLOW RANCH— Quiet foothill ranch, 8
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful horns
In redwoods: abundant fruit; good table; $8 50
per wk. MRS. WM. CRAXDELL. Santa Crua.
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort on
Branciforte drive. 5 miles from Santa Cms;
dally mall, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA SMITH MILLS. Santa Qua.
AWAT>AT,E FARM. SANTA CRU3
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEGELKEN, Los Gatos Postofflce. CaL
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. Saa
Joee, Cal. — One of the best equipped on tlt«
coast. Every variety of water treatment, elec-
tricity, massage. X-ray. Write for literature,
BELLEVUE HOTEL — El Verano. Sonoma
County. Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouailhardou. Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 rcn*~j
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. * Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Long di»t. phone. Fred Barson. Prop.
tNG'S RANCH— Six miles from CazaderoT
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms, $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero,
RAND CENTRAL HOTEL. GuernavuIeT
Ca?. — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and lmDroved. Headquarters for hunter*
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Guernevllle. Cal.
ISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Par-
ticulars "Information Bureau," 20 Mont-
gomery st. or MRS. L. M. SISSON. Sls?on, CaL
BERGHEIM— Two miles from Los Gates.
home cooking. P. DISQUE. Los Qatoa. CaL
STAGE UNES A2STD LIVERIES.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO— Through~th«
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward's Wurr'!!-
Bellvale. Pigeon Ft. and Santa Cruz. Buy rT
R. tickets to Redwood City. 9 at m. train Si
and Townsenrt sts.: 9:20 a. ra from San Jo«e
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood CUy. cR
EAGLE STABLES rktah - Tourists, camp.
w I itm -,¦•*¦• Write £
M. a. E.idred for rates for any kind of turnout.
pESCADERO-San Mateo and Pescadero
r stage line, via HaTfmoon Bay and Sar»
Gregorio. dally all year; twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.& 4:15 p. m.
Fm S iB° N^ S 7 ABLES ' UK1AH AND WIL-
m «s^7 T t^ 1^ cam »«rs. hunters, write J.
"ny^md'oFt^rnou"" 11 * WIUit^ /^
G^? T £f sh !? n Livery; good service; reas.
VI rates. Of c. OUroy Spr. stage. H. Mayoc£
S A . r T rA . CR UZ— San Lorenzo StabUa, Ityl*
iaa rlc Seasonable prtc«_ .
OCEAN TBAVEL.
fj. S. IY\f\lL~ ROUTE.
|18@£&A SAILINGS.
XOBIHERX COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch its first-class steamers, carrying
United States malls, for
NOME and ST. WICHAEL DIRECT
Ab Follow*:
From San Francisco
E. S. PORTLAND About June 20
E. S. £T. PAUL, About July 10
From Seattle.
E. 8. OHIO July 8
6. S. INDIANA July 26
Connecting at Nome with steamer Saidle.
carrying TTnltefl States mail, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City,
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson, Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
645 Market st., San Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
Puget Sound Agent, Seattle, Wash.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
oer First and Brannan ctreeta, at 1 d. m
lor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kcbe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
6S. AMERICA MARU
Friday, June (L I9O*>
BS. HONGKONG MARU
- Saturday, June 28 190"
BS. NIPPON MARU. .Thursday. July 24 190->
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First. *
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparalao, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
FAX.ENA June 7|TUCAJ>EL, Jnlv IS
AREQUIPA ...June 27|gUATEMALA .Aug 6
These eteamer* are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger Bervlce
(So change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 816 California street
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Gen. Agento.
oeeaMe8.s.co.SM
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
SoiHlay. June ». 10 a. m*
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, June 12, 10 a m
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. June 21, 2 p. ml
1 D. SFEIcms 4 BROS. CO., General Aits., 329 Kartet
6n'l Pass. Knee, 643 Harm si, Pier in, 7. Pacific si
KOSIVIOS LUsTE.
ES BERAP1S. 4000 tons. CAPT. W. RICHERT.
Sailing June 6. 1902,
For Mexican, Central and South American
ports, will carry passengers. Special rates to
Eouth America. This steamer Is equipped with
electric lights and other modern Improvements
and carries an experienced physician. For all .
lufonziaticn regarding, passage, rates, etc.,
•fipbr at office of
3. D. SPRECKELS & BROS.' CO..
643 Market et., General Aeenta.
I CORONADO TENT CITY. I
g Coronado Beach, Cal. S
§ BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, . §
,g GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE, S
§ PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING I
8 and all other amusements, with one of the finest bands In the West and several fine «
ft orchestras. Economical, comfortable and amusing. ' «
S Round trip tickets from San Francisco, Including ground and water rent, S
X nowonsaleati.. ' ... <$
O Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co., 641 Market St $24.50 S
Q Southern Pacific Ry. Co.. 613 Market Et ; $24.50 ' W
$ Pacific Coast S.S. Co., 4 New Montgomery St.. 923.00 " S
££ • - . Including berth and meals. • • ¦ V
8 Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets O
fi: over the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship Co. are not 8
Sj; charged for ground and water rent, am the excursion tickets include all this, 8
gg as well as the streetcar and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer of 8
W 150 pounds of baggage. '. . .¦ * • S
O Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion »
» tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month ground rent, which includes free 3
S use of water. • ¦ . : X
8~ Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings at the following 8
» prices per week ifor the month o? June SO per cent discount)! cB
8 Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress. $1 25; cot, single, 25o; spring 8
Q cot, double, 50c; mattress, single, 25e; mattress, double, 50c; pillows, Z5c; blankets S
w. 25c; comforters, 25c; table, 25c; campstool. 10c; chairs, 25c; rocking chairs, 30c' M
» gasoline stoves, 50c; oil stoves, 25c; washstands, complete, 35c; cooking utensils for M
I**! three persons, 75c; lamp, with oil, 25c. - - - ¦ ¦ ft
Prices per month double the weekly rates. - • — «
Furnished tent for one cerson. $12 per month. For two persons, $20. and each **¦%
additional person $5 per month. Furnished tent comprises beds, bedding, tables JS
wash stands, rocking, folding and camp chairs, clean linen, towels, water, dally care X
of tent and laundry of tent linen. Tents electric lighted. Perfect sewerage. Q
For pamphlets and full particulars call on g
PECK'S TOURIST BUREAU, II Montgorasry St., San Francisco, Cal. |. LIVERPOOL. - j '
Wheat — , July. Sept.
Opening ..510% 6 %
Closing 5 10% 6%
PARIS.. '
Wheat — June.\ Sept -Dec
Opening 22 15 20 45
Closing . . . i '. 22 20 20 35 .
Flour
Opening ..........26 90 20 50
Closing.. v ..26 9O 26 45
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 4. — The quoted rates for
spot tin at New York were lifted to $29 C5Q)
29 90, but at London a loss of 10s was noted
for spot, which closed at £131 15s and futures
at £128 15s.
Copper was steady and unchanged here with
standard spot to August quoted at $11 65 to
$1187%; lake, $12 25 to $12 52%; electrolytic
and casting, $12 to $12 25. The London cop
per market was about 2s 6d lower, with spot
closing at £54 and futures at £54 is 3d.
Lead was steady and as last quoted at 4Wc
London was steady 2s 8d higher at £11 6s 3d'
•Spelter gained about % here, closing at 4%'
London was unchanged at £18 6s.
The New York iron market ruled steady and
quiet at former prices. The foreign markets
were steady.
. New York Cotton Market. .
NEW YORK, June 4.— The cotton market
opened steady and one to sixteen points higher
and^ closed quiet and steady with • prices net
unchanged to thirteen points higher.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. '.
CHICAGO. June t.— CATTLE— Receipts, 11,
000, Including 1000'Texans. Market active 'and
10@16c higher. • Good to prime steera, $7 25®
7 75; poor to medium, $5@7 r,<J; fitockers'and
feeders, $2@5 25; cows, $1 50^6; heifers $2 50
@6 60; canners, $1.5(xgi2 50; bulls. $2 75@5 50;
calves. $2 50@6 50; Texas-fed steers, $4 90®
6 40. . ' '
«'» H 5J 3S r"i Ele6eIpts -^ day ' : ' "3,000: to-morrow,'
32,000; left over. 4000 head. Market opened
steady to 5o lower, closed . firm. Mixed and
butchers'. $6 95@7 37%: good to choice heavy
$7 30@7 45; rough heavy. $7@7 25; light $0 80
@7 15; bulk of sales. $7@7 35 ¦ .- • ¦ ' * -
SHEEP— Receipts. 17,000. -- Sheep, steady;
!« n J b^l?£.? r -J 0 f * ulk V Good t0 choice, wethers
$5 00®6 25; fair to choice mixed, $4 50@5 40-
Western sheep. $5 2o@G 25; native* lambs clip
ped. $5 25(3)7 10; Western lambs $5 25®7 10
spring lambs. $7 65.. " '
ST. JOSEPH. \
ST. JOSEPH. Mo. , June 4. — CATTLE-i-Ro
ceipts,: 9000. Market steady. Natives $5 35131
7 35;- cows and heifers. $l,2.-@6; veais. $3 25
@5 50; stockers.and feeders, $2 60®5 40 . -
HOGS — Receipts, 9000; steady. Light and
Exchange and Bidliorf.
I Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88V*
! Sterling Cables — • 4 89 Vi
j New York Exchange, sight — 15
I New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1<%
! Silver, per ounce — 62%
'Mexican D6llars, nominal — 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets continued
quiet and featureless, with weak Liverpool
futures.
Chicago was firm, advancing from 71%c to
72c. There was free selling on the fine weather,
andNbuylng was not encouraging. The tone
i was heavy, in spite of the improved quotations.
I There were 17 loads taken for export.
I This market was firmer on call, l»ut weaker
I on the spot. The movement is small, as but
little wheat is coming out. n
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10@l 12%; mill
ing, $1 13%@1 15 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
i 40C0 ctls. $1 10%.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY — The market was Inactive and
prices showed little change. The feeling, how
ever, was weak.
¦Feed, 95@96%c for No. 1 and 02%@93%c for
off grades; brewing, 97%@9S%c; Chevalier,
$1 20 asked for standard.
... . CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9 :15 s o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — July, new — 2000
ctls, 85%c. December— 2000, 83%&
Afternoon Session — Spot— 2000 ctls, 95c.
OATS — Government requirements up north
keep the market stiff, though the local demand
here is light. Shipments are. being made from
here to the north,- however, to fill the demand
there. '
Grays $1 37%@1 45; Whites, $1 35@1 50;
Milling, $1 50@l 55; Black, $1 25@1 35; Red,
$1 32%@1 45 per ctl.
CORN — Chicago was firm at a fractional ad
vance, with small country offerings. The San
Francisco market- continues dull at previous
prices.
Large Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small round do.
$1 50@l 52%; White, $1 55@1 60.
RYE— 90(g95c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25®2 50 per ctl asked.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75®3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3@
3 50. . .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
SU 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
i 4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
< Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
' Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35(g9- in
i sacks, $0 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
I Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
• ! . - - Hay and Feedstuffs.
Bran and Middlings continue firm. There la
no change in Hay.
BRAN — $18 50@19 50 per ion.
I MIDDLINGS— $21@24 per ton.
I FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $21@22 per
I ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; job
1 blng $20 60i@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
i Meal, $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 60:
1 Mixed ITeed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY— New Is selling as follows: Wheat,
J $8 60@9 50; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@8 5O.~ Old
•is quotable as follows:
Extra fine Wheat,' $12; fair to choice
do, $9 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat, ' $9011 50-
Oat, $S@10 50; Alfalfa, $7@11; Clover, $7@0;.
Volunteer, $6 50@8 CO; Stock, $6@8 per ton.
STRAW-^OlgeBc per bale.
L Beans and Seeds.
Previous prices rule for both Beans and
Seeds, with not much business in the former
and practically none in the latter.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 85@3 10; small White,
$2 35@2 45; large white, $2 20@2 35; Pea, $3.25
@3 50; Pink, $2@2 20: Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
$4 00@5; Limas, $3 60@3 70;. Red Kidneys,
$3 50®3 75 per ctl. „
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 60@2 65; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50 - r Cana
ry. 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%@
ll%c; California. 10@10%c; Rape, I%@2i4c;
Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 40®
1 65; Blackeye. $1 75@2. v
: Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
>y Receipts- of New Potatoes in boxes were
right and prices were unchanged! The Early
Rose, were dull, although offerings were
limited. •' There are not many sacks com
ing-in and they are used mostly for ship
ping. Old were unohanged.
Supplies of . Onions were liberal, and with
the exception of the decline in Silversklns
prices remain as before quoted.
, String and Wax Beans were a trifle higher,
as the canners cleaned up most of the old
stock of the preceding day at 1 cent per pound.
Tomatoes were scarce and firmly held at the
quotations. Changes in other vegetables were
slight, most descriptions being in free supply.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, $1 25@1 75 in
sacks and $1@1 75 in boxes, with some fancy
higher; old, 90c@$l for Burbanks from the
river; from Oregon and Washington. $1@1 25;
.River Red*. $1@1 25; Oregon . Burbanks, for
seed, 90c®$l 10.
. ONIONS — Australian, $3 25@3 50, second
hands; new red, 35@50c per sack; Silversklns,
25040c per box. -^
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, - extra fancy.
$2 per box, $1 5001 75*' for No. 1 and 75c
<j?$l 25 for No. 2: Rhubarb, 50@75c per box;
extra fancy, S5c@$l; Green Peas, 65c@$l per
sack: Garden Peas, . $1@1 25 per sack; String
Beans, 1%@2%c per lb and 2@2%c for Wax;
Cabbage, 90c@*l Per ctl; Los Angeles, Toma
toes, per .crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $2@
2 50 per box; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb;
Los. Angeles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, $1 per
sack; Cucumbers from Marysvllle, $1@1 25 per
box; from Arizona, $1 per box; Hothouse do,
'25@65c per- dozen; Garlic, 2ig>3%c for new; Los
Angeles Green Peppers, 12%@15c: Mexican do,
15@20c; Egg' Plant from. Los Angeles, 7@10c;
Summer Squash, $1@1 25 for small boxes and
$2 25@3'.for large; Marrowfat Squash,
$15(g20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15@20.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern. Poultry were placed on
the market, making three thus far this week.
Receipts of Callfornian /were , moderate, and
-good Btock met with ready sale. The demand '
for Hens was little weaker, owing to the liberal
offerings of Eastern.." , ,. j
Hare and Rabbits were unchanged. About
eight sacks came In. I
. POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob-
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 7,000 tf0% 79% 80i<
Afchifon pfd 2,400 08% 9S% 98%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1,000 106 105% 105%
llalto & Ohio pfd 95;
Canadian Pacific .. 13,900 138% 136% VitW,
Canada Southern 95%
Chesapeake & Ohio. 7,500 46% 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton.. 2,000 37% 3C% 37Vi.
Cht Ind & LouU.. 200 75 -75 74%
Chi Ind & Louis pfd 300 86% 86 86
Chicago & Bast 111. 162
Chi & Great West. 1,100 29 28% 28%
Chi & G W A pfd 89
Chi & G W B pfd 48
Chicago & N W... 500 248 248 217%
Chi R I & Pac 100 172% 172% 172
Chicago Term & T. 1,200 21 20% 20%
Chi T & T pfd 200 38% '38 38
C C C & St Louts .... .... 104
Colorado Southern: 100 31 31 30«
Colo So 1st pfd 200 70% 70% 70
Colo So 2d pfd 41%
Delaware & Hudson 400 174 174 173%
NEW YORK. June 4. — The stock market to
day was still confined to its narrow professional
limits and lacked even the few special features
which varied the monotony yesterday. The gen
eral tone was rather heavy. The losses were
small and were caused by very light selling.
The ostensible explanation of the heaviness was
the report received from the anthracite regions
this morning that some of the coal mines were
suffering from the shutting- down of the pumps.
The rioting in Chicago over the teamsters'
strike had the effect of somewhat sharpening
apprehension over the subject of labor troubles
generally. The effects of the coal shortage
are in the meantime crowing more acute, but
the possibility of the soft coal miners becoming
u'tlmately involved in the dispute is always
kept In mind. This possibility may have ac
counted in part for the rather marked heavi
ness of United States Steel stocks. The de
clftion to maintain the present price of steel
rails for 1903 and reports of large orders al
ready received running Into the next year did
not prevent the selling of United States Steel,
especially of the preferred. The Weather Bu
reau's report of the damage by frost last week
to corn and the delay to the planting of the
crop and its backward cultivation by reason of
unfavorable weather helped on the undertone
of depression. A sharp reaction in Canadian
Pacific after its recent sustained advance had
6ome sympathetic effect on the market. Call
money was somewhat Easier, but held at 3 per
cent or above. Sterling exchange continued to
advance. The firmness of exchange in spite
of the higher rate for call money and the sell
ing by American holders of British Consols to
take profits is attributed to a demand by bank
ers to cover against previous sales of exchange
bills made in the course of borrowing abroad.
The market closed semi-stagnant and heavy.
Bonds were rather more active than stocks
and the price movement was irregular. Total
sales, $2,720,000.
United States threes declined % and the twos
registered % per cent on the last call.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
biers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 60; Ducks. $3 50®
4 for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens. $4®
5 50; young Roosters, $6 50@S; old Roosters,
$4 50@4 75; Fryers. $4@5; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $1 75@2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 75
per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, 75c©$l ; Rabbits. $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are steady all along the line, and
choice ranch are firmer, with a fractional ad
vance in prices. Stocks, while still ample, are
growing smaller and receipts are lighter. Store
Eggs are now In especially good demand.
While the top ; quotation Is being obtained
for the . finer creameries the Butter market
cannot be said to be particularly, firm, as a
good many creameries are being worked off at
21c, and supplies are still too large for the
capacity of the market. Cubes are still com
ing in freely from the country and storing and
packing are going on as briskly as ever.
Receipts were 76,400 pounds and 233 cubes
and 1 keg of Butter, 1420 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 33.000 pounds of Cali
fornia .Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 21V>@22c per pound for
fancy, 21c for firsts and 20«20%c for seconds;
dairy, I7@21c: store Butter, 14@16c per pound.
CHEESE— New. 8%@9%c; old. 9@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern. 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 19@20c for fancy and 17@18c
for fair to good; store, 16@17%c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Strawberries were light and good
stock sold readily at full figures, but the bulk
of the receipts were poor and sold, at unsteady
prices. Gooseberries were in heavy receipt and
sold slowly. ' Other berries are arriving In
small quantities and sell promptly at the quo
tations.
There were no Apricots received from Yuma.
but receipts from other localities were liberal
and prices declined. Green Apples and Cherry
Plums sold slowly. Figs from Yuma had an
other decline. Madeline Pears in 40-lb boxes
I sold for $1 and Peaches in 20-lb boxes brought
I $1@1 25. ' The demand for Cherries is steadily
increasing, and. although receipts • are ' large,
prices are well sustained. The canners were
offering 2@3c for white. .-'-.-
There were very' few Navel Oranges on the
-market and there were none offered at the auc
tion. Fancy stock of other descriptions con
tinued to aell readily at top prices. At the auc
tion two cars were sold as follows: Valenclas,
$2 55@3 60 for fancy, $1 10@2 for choice and
S0c@.$l 35 for standards; choice St. Michael,
$.1 15@2 05; standard Seedlings, 50c@?l.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@9 per chest for Long
worths and $3@0 for Mallndas; crates from
Florin. 75c<g$l
RASPBERRIES — $8@10 per chest; crates
from Loomis. B5c@$l. • •
LOGAN BERRIES — $8'S>10 per chest; crates
¦from Wallace. $1@1 2.\
BLACKBERRIES— In crates from Loomis,
S;.c@$l 50. •
GOOSEBERRIES— ?3 per chest and l@3c In
bulk; English, v,er drawer and In
bulk.
CURRANTS— 33@50c per drawer.
CHERRY PLUMS— 50@60c per drawer.
APRICOTS — $1@1 50 per box and crate,
with some fancy crates higher; from Yuma, j
per crate. -
APPLES— $2" 50@3 per box for old and 35@65s
for green.
CHERRIES — White, 35@40c per box; In bulk,
2@4c; Black, 40@75c per box and 4@6c in
bulk; Royal Anne, C5'g)75c per box and B@7c
in bulk.
FIGS — Black from Yuma. $2 50<32 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2@4. ac
cording to size and quality; Seedilng3. 75c@$2;
Mediterranean Sweets,- 75c@$2; St. Michaels,
$1 50®3; Valencias. $2 50<S3 f.O:- Lemons. 75c©
$1 for common and $1 25f/1.75 for good to
choice and $2@2 75 for fancy; Grape Fruit,
75c@$ 1 50; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas,
$2#3 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 50@
2 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS — Apricots. 0@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
lated Apples, 10@ll%c; sun dried, 6®7c;
Peaches, 6%@8%c; Pears, 6@9c; Pluma, pitted,
5@6%c; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines. 5%@6c
for red and 5%@6c for white: figs. 3%@4%c !
for black and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40s. 6%@6%c; 40-50s. 5®5l4c; 50-60s, 4%®
4%c; 60-70s, 4®4%c; 70-SOs. 3%@3%c; 80-90s,
3<&3%c; 90-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown.
7%c; Loose Muscatels, 5%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 8-crown, 6c; 2-crown 5?ic;
London Layers, $1 60 per box
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, ll@ll%c-
No. 2. 6@7c: No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2
7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, 9®10c
for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts
5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c- Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans/ 11i5i13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water, white extracted. 5@
5%c: light amber extracted, 4(§4%c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@296 per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was higher on the day, with a good
demand and light offerings, brokers being . the
best buyers.
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket, business being dull.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy. 13%c for light medium. 14'Ac for light
15%c for extra light and 16<g>17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $10 per
bbl; extra Mess. $10 50@ll; Family, $1150®
12; prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear
$23; Mess. f$18 50@19; Dry Salt P.jjk 12V4c :
i Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Sr.*»ked Beef
, 13%@14c per lb. 7
LARD— Tierces quoted at S%<gl)4c per lb
i for compound and 12%c for pure; hKlf-barrels
1 pure. 12%c: 10-lb tins, 13%c; 5-lb tins 13S4c :
3-lb tins, 13 %c. '
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half- barrels. 10% c; one tierce, 10% c; two
tierces. 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
1 Steers.- lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
! 9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c";
i Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 0%c; Salted Calf.
I 10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
i Kip, ll@13c; Dry Calf. 16@lSc; Culls and
j Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@
I 30c eaih; short Wool. 40@60c each; medium
-j 65@75c- long Wool. 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, • salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium. $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 50 for
medium, $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colt9.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime ¦¦ Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c. ¦ -
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5l4@6c per lb:
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3%c.'
WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and . Mendocino
15@17c; Northern free. 34@16c; do defective,
13@14c; Middle County free. 13@15c; do, de
fective. 12@13c; Southern. 12 months 9@10c
do^-7 months, 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c; Neva
da, 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
j HOPS— 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale iates from slaughterers to deal
era are as follows:
BEEF— 6%®7%c for Steers and 5%®6%c per
lb for Cows.
t| VEAL — Large, 7@Sc; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®S%c; Ewes. 7%@8c
per Hi.
.LAMB— Spring L*>mbs, 9@10c per lb.
PORK-'-Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.-
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Franci3CO, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8%@Uc^ Cowa and Heifers,
7@7%c: thin Cows. 4-a.lc per lb.
CALVES — 5@5%e per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4@4%c; Ewes. 3@3%c
per lb (gross weltht). <
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4%@5c per lb live weight; yearlings,
4fo"4%c ptr ib.
HOGS- -Live Hoks, 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
v200 lbs "and over, 6@6%c; feeders, 6®6%c;
i.ows 20 per- cent off,' boars 60 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo-'
tations. (
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 5%igi6c;
San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c- Fleece
Twine, 7%©8c. '
COAL- Wellington, $9 per ton; Southard
Wellington, $9: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $6 W);
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Walls
end, S3 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $3 50; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks;Penn
sylvanla Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
1 cite. $14: Cannei. $11 Der ton; Coke, $15 per
ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
description* 1 , $8 45 Der 2000 lbs and $8 50 Der
t ton. accord InK to brand. :
OIL — California Castor ' Oil, in case*
F°i. H : a ?? re> $1 20: Oil!
in barrels, boiled, 75c; raw, 73c; cases 5c more-
Lucol, 65c for boiled and 63c for raw, in bar
rels; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, barrels
$1; cases, $1 05; China Nut, 57%@6Sc per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot, In barrels. 70c; cases 75c-
Sperm, pure, 6oc; Whale Oil, natural white'
40@50c per gallon; Fish Oil, barrels 4°%c
cases, 47%c: Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for
Ceylon and 58%c for Australian.
,-V^ L J :) i Lr ~ Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
13%@14c^ Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral 20c •
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; dedorized stove Gasoline, in, bulk. 16c:
Chicc^ — Grain doing finely; fruit good; dam.
age from rain slight.
Cloverdale — Days getting hotter, with very
little wind.
Colusa — Fruit conditions continue favorable;
rain ripening quite fast; prospects of a heavy
yield.
Hollister — Cherries ripening; crop medium;
all fruit about two weeks late.
Hanford — Grain doing well; fruit ripening
rapidly.
Livertnore — Almond crop heaviest In years;
trees overloaded.
Napa — All crops doing nicely.
Newman — Grain ripening- well. •
Palermo — Deciduous fruits looking well and
promise heavy crop.
Porterville — Oranges setting well; deciduous
crop rood.
San Jose — Fruit and grain doing nicely; big
crops; fine quality.
Santa Rosa — Cherry crop fair, quality good;
haying commencing.
Willows — Grain damaeed by rain on June 1;
abundant and in fine condition.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE. .
Section Director. .
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3, spring wheat, 7\%c; No. 2 red, 79%c;
No. 2 yellow corn, C2%c; No. 2 oats, 41@43%c';
No. 2 white, 44%@44%c; No. 3 white, 43%@
44%; No. 2 rye, 58%@59: fair to choice malting
barley, 64@<!8c: No. 1 flax seed, $1 58; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 76; prime timothy seed, $0 30®
6 35; mes3 pork, per barrel, $17 35@17 40; "lard,
per 100 pounds,. $10 22%@10 25; short ribs sides,
(loose), $10 00@10 20; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 8%@8%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$10 50@10 60; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Articles. • Receipte. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30,000 19,000
Wheat, bushels S4.000 74,000
Corn, bushels ..382,000 , 39 000
Oats, bushels 267,000 273,000
Rye, bushels 11,000 ......
Barley, bushels 1 22,000 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady. Creameries 18@22c; dairies
18@20c: cheese, steady, 10@12c; eggs, firm,
fresh, 16%c i .- • .
There was little doing on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange and there were no
changes worthy of note. On the Oil Exchange-
Sterling was active at $1 60@l 62%, a decline.
The following quotations for United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton. de Ruyter & Co.:
Common stock. $24 00@24 25; preferred
$64 12&<g:65 00: bonds. $91 00@91 50; subscrip
tions, $102 87%@103 00.
It is reported that Reed Crude Oil Co. will
hold a meeting at Los Angeles on the 23th to
consider a proposition to reduce the capital
stock from 2,000,000 to 200,000 shares.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. WEDNESDAY, June 4—2 p. m.
I UNITED STATES BONDS. /
Bid. Ask. ] Bid. Aslu
4s qr coup.. 110^111 ' Is qr cp(new)136 137
is qr reg 109i£110 5s qr coup. .107%10SU
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Do gtd 6s. — - —
Cay CFC 5s. 108% — L A <& P 6s. 103 —
£ C G&E 5s.lO5J,4 — Do lem 5s. 103 — ¦
tal-st 5s ...119 — Mkt-st C 6s. — 123
C Costa 5s.. — 111% Do lem Bs. 120% —
Ed L & P 6s. — — N R of C 6s. 112^113
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Do 6s 121% —
5eary-st 5s.. — 100 iN Pac C 6a. 109% —
H C&S 5Us.l02 — 'NCR 5s... —
Do 5s — 97% Oak Gas 5s. — 113%
L, Ane- R 5a.llS%113% Dak Trn 6s.. 125 —
L A L Co 6s.lO3 105 Do 1st cSs.113%114%
Oak W G 5s.lC3% — S P oC C 6s
Oceanic S 5s. 97% — (1005)Sr A.106% —
Omnibus 63.. — • 130 (1910)Sr B.
Pac G Im 4s. 97 — (1906) 110 —
Pk & C H 6s.l06%110 I (1912) ....120%
Pk & O R 6s. — 125 B P of C 1st \ . V
Pwl-st R 6s. — — c entd 5s. — —
I 6ae EGR 5s. — 101% Do stmpd.109% —
EF & SJV5s.l22%122>>4 3P Br Cal &i.139%140
Blerra Cal 6s. — 116% 8 V Wat 63.110%112
B P of A 6s Do 4s 2dm. — 103
(1900) 113%114% Do 4s 3dra.l0t —
(1910) 115 — Stkn G&E 6slO2 104
Do gtd 6s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Tontra Costa 75 . — jPort Costa.. 83% 6e
Marin Co 50 — I Spring Val.. — 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent I> & P. 2% — iPac L Co... 43 50
Eqt G L Co. 3 3%|Sae E GAR. 39 4O
I Mutual — 4% S F G & E.. 44% 44%
! O G L & H. 62% 6.1% S F G L Co 6%! B%
I Pac G Imp.. 38 SO'/i Stktn G&E 8
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 — (
BANKS.
Am B & T..110 115 iFlrst Natlohl — ; ~ > '
Anglo-Cal .. — 90% L P & A...168%170
Bank of Cal. 428 432% Mer Ex (liq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp.121% — S F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — :Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sar.340 390
Mutual Sav. — 85 I Union Trst.1830 1
S F Sav TJ..525 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — I Market 99%101'
Geary — — '.Presidio 40 —
POWDER.
Giant 70 70%/VIgorit Z% B%
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — fKilmiea .... — 10
Hawaiian .. — 37% Makawell .. 23% 24%
Honokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea .... 24 24%
Hutchlnson . 12% 13%[Paauhau ... 12 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l5S%160 Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 102% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As.100%101 Par Paint ..26 —
Oceanic S Co — SO
Moraine Session.. '• «»' ' j
60 Hana Plantation Co '. 3 75
45 Paauhau S P Co 12 50
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 60
$3000 Oakland Water 5s 104 OO
$8000 Oakland Water 5s, b 3 104 00
Street —
$1000 S P of Arizona 0909) ....114 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co Ss, caah. .103 BO
$2000 Oakland Water Ss. .104 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninz Session.
CO Home .....*...... 8 20
600 Petroleum Center ...'..... . 10
100 Sovereign 81
200 Sovereign 30
1400 Sterling 1 62%
200 Sterling, b 30 1 62%
800 Sterling 1 60
500 Sterling, cash 1 60
500 Sterling, b 00 1 65
Street —
8000 Bear Flag 06
Afternoon Session.
Board —
150 Home 8 20
100 Junction ? - 22
1100 Petroleum Center 07
100 Petroleum Center .08
200 Sovereign 80
500 Sterling 160
Following .were the sale* 'in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Bonrd yesterday:
- Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ... 76 300 Ophir .130
10O Chollar 16 100 Sierra Nevada 19
100 Mexican M
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch 17 BOO PotosJ 80
10O Overman 23 100 XTnion Con .. 24
Following were the- sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning. Session.
200 Hal© & Nor. 3* 300 Overman .... 25
200 Hale & Nor. 40 20O Potosl ....... 23
300 Mexican 55 100 Silver Hill .. 43
100 Ophir 1 27% .
Afternoon Session.
400 Best & Belch 16 200 Potost 30
10O Caledonia ... 75 200 Savage ...... 14
100 C C & Va.l 42% 1C0 Sierra Nat-.. IS
200 Mexican 54 100 Sierra Nor . . 1»
100 Ophir 1 25 400 Silver Hill .. 43
600 Overman .... 25
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time, San Francisco. June 4:
Temperature, 7 a. m. — 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure .is beginning to fall slowly
along the coast. The temperature has risen
about 6 degrees during the past twenty-four
hours over Central and Northern California.
In the great valleys warmer weather prevails
and maximum temperatures are gradually" ap
proaching 90 decrees.
No rain has fallen in California. No fog is
reported on the coast. A thunder-storm is re
ported at Seattle.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 5, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, con
tinued warm weather; light northerly winds
inland; brisk westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; fresh
southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday; continued warm
weather.
Ean Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
CHICAGO, June 4. — Corn led the action of
all cits and was the center of more interest
than all the other pits combined. The feature
of the day's trading was the clever switching
of the bis bull traders from bulling July op
tions to - active- support of September. This
crowd with its Wall-street af filiations is sup
posed to be lone more than twice the amount
of July stuff obtainable. It has been the talk
of the floor that July was to see a rabid bull
market, and several times adventurous shorts
have been pinched by this contingent. At the
outset to-day many of the bears who had been
selling short for the last four days became
aware that they were a little oVer-confldent,
and on fairly steady cables-, lighter receipts,
bullish Government crop reports and a restricted
interior movement, covered freely,- putting the
prices ud somewhat-. The bull crowd let • in
this movement by supporting July well for a
time. This ootion started %c higher to %c
lower at 61 to til Vic and in a few moments
Jumped boldly. to 62%c. When the market had
a fairly firm basis the bull leaders dumped
large quantities and began talking on Septem
ber rapidly. September sold from 55%c to 58%c
before the crowd realized what was being done.
Then July dipped and fluctuated erratically.
At the close the feeling was tense and the tone
strong. July closed %@%c us- at 61%@61%c,
and September %@lc up at 58%@08?ic. Re
ceipts were 195 cars. ¦ "
Wheat displayed considerable strength; re
gardless of the stubborn manner in which the
advance was fought by the bears. The local
crowd started the uj)-turn by short covering
large accounts "that resulted from the recent
bearish markets. Laje.the corn bull crowd and
elevator interests were good buyers. .Receipts
were, small, clearances large, ¦ the cash de
mand Rood and tlie seaboard reported the ex
port business better. The Government report
of croa conditions was bullish. Lower cables
were not considerad bearish because they were
not as weak as expected. The local crowd,
however, put on a bear pressure all day, and
although a natural reaction., came after the
several days' decline, it was only after hard
work bv the bulls, with the assistance of the
corn pit. July opened a. shade to %@%c up
at 71%c to 71Vic, sold to 72c and closed firm,'
%c up, at ,71 7 /4@72c. '
Oats were strong, but the market was far
from active, except . In July. Shorts covered
freely, Influenced largely by the action in
corn, and were firm on bad ¦ weather. . July
closed strong. l%c up at 381&C. _
Provisions were dull and iistless earlv, but
late In the day. Influenced by the grain
strength and support by packers, good ad
vances were made. The close was strong. July
pork was 15c up, lard unchanged and ribs
27%c hluher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain and Produce.
The Business Outlook.
"WHAT WALL- STREET FINANCIERS
THINK OF CURRENT SITUATION.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The coal strike and the holidays — the lat
ter involving a three days' suspension of busi
ness on the Stock Exchange — acted as a de
cided deterrent upon stock market operations.
A confident undertone appeared owing to the
strong support developed on every recession,
but speculative activity seemed inclined to wait
for more favorable opportunities. Much de
fends upon the . outcome of the strike. If a
prolonged struggle should result, the effect
would be unfavorable to the general market.
If. on the other hand, an early cessation of
hostilities should happen, the market would be
relieved of a weight which bears on other than
the coal stocks.
"Aside from the strike, the most important
Influences on the market are the crop situation,
the money market and peace in South Africa.
ZSeedless to Fay the crop outlook outranks all
of thess influences, even the etrike, which is
only a passing element. Fortunately crop pros
pects are tavorable. The cold snap delayed
agricultural iperatlons somewhat, but did no se
rious injury. Beneficial rains have fallen over
large areas, checking drouth; so that winter
wheat is in improved condition and early spring
wheat 1« doing well. A large corn acreage
seems inevitable, the high prices resulting from
last year's shortage having greatly stimulated
planting and driving farmers "corn crary" in
some sections. A repetition of last year's .de
ficiency would be simply ruinous and seems be
yond possibility. The wonder Is that crop losses
made so trifling an impression upon general
business or uixin the railroads, and there is
every prospect that the agricultural classes will
not be called upon this year to endure the losses
suffered last year. Cotton crop reports are also
lavorable in spite of a slight reduction In acre
age.
¦'As for the money market.the outlook is more
assuring. Bank reserves are rising owing to
the influx of funds from the interior and a fur
ther contraction in leans. Relief In the 4atter
direction is most needed and most probable.
The great expansion of loans during the last
few months has been chiefly due to the opera
tions of big borrowers and syndicates. Some
of the deals of the latter have been completed
or are approaching consummation, thus releas
ing large sums and explaining to a considerable
degree the sharp fluctuations occasionally seen
:n the loan account. On March 1 loans stood
at the highest point on record, $038, 000, OCX), and
the surplus reserve at $9,975,000. A week ago
loans stood at $870,400,000, a contraction of
*b<. 000,000 in three months, while surplus re
serve had risen to $14,000,000. The latter is
still a rather slender margin considering the
tremendous expansion or" various sorts which
exists, but the tendency is in the right direc
tion and rising reserves may be expected for
pome weeks u> come; unless a rampant specu
lation develops, of which at present there are
no symptoms, except there be a desire for such
on the part of those who have too many stocks
on hand for their own comfort and pleasure.
"A good deal of Interest is shown In the prob
able effect of the cessation of th« Boer war
on the American market. In the long run it
cannot help being beneficial. The first effect,
however, may be for British speculation to
spend considerable energy upon Kaffir shares,
after which it will probably overflow Into Amer
icans. The war has been costing England at
the rate of about $400, 000, 000 a year; and the
release of such vast sums from destructive pur
poses tc -flow again into the legitimate chan
nels of industry and investment must act as a
powerful stimulus that cannot be confined to
the London market. British capital Is always
forced to go beyond its native land, and it is
not at all improbable that the liking for Amer
ican securities may revive in view of the won
derful records they have been making. The
chief obstacle will undoubtedly be foreign
prejudice asa.ir.et American financing.
"Rai'road shares are firmly held owing to good
earnings and the various mergers In prospect.
A feature was the advance in Canadian Pacific,
attributed by some to buying for consolidation
purposes, though this is not confirmed. The
industrials are generally neglected and wisely
eo. More and more o! them are making unsat
isfactory annual reports, notwithstanding the
activity of trade; and it seems only a question
of time when overcapitalization will have to be
wiped out through the old-fashioned methods
of liquidation and reorganization. As the trust
problem premise* to be a vital political ques
tion ere long, the Industrials can hardly be
considered favorite? from either the investment
cr speculative standpoint, j
"When the coal strike approaches a settlement
we may look for a more active market; and if
this is followed by good crop reports and easy
money we may look for better prices. The mar
ket offer* good trading opportunities, there be
ing a fair division of. opinions without settled
tendencies in either direction. The big men
are Ftill persistent bulls on the situation, and If
conditions perrr-it they are sure to use their
influence in that direction. For the present,
however,- the market is a «ale on good rallies
end a purchase only on decided breaks."
Trade Statistics.
The Ftatlstics published below do not Include
the ehinments to the Hawaiian Islands, as
available statistics are of recent date and do
not give a complete record of the month's busi- .
ness with the Islands.
EXPORTS OF FLOUR AND GRAIN.
' FLOUR — The experts of Flour from this
port by sea during the month of May were
72.2S4 bbU, valued at $236,557, against 122,575
libis, valued ai $3CS,?S*, during the same month
last ytar. The shipments to Australia and
New Zealand during the month were unusually
largo, aggregating 2S.9C3 bbls, valued at $94,
4."{2. The lack of rain Jn these countries during
the pa"t few seasons has reduced the crops of
train to far below their food reauirements,
which accounts for the heavy demand for the
American product. The total exnorts for the
first eleven months or the crop year, com
mencing July 1, 1I»O1, were l.O2»,276 bbls. Val
ued et $3. 2G3.C32. acainst 911,72* bbls, valued
at ?2,8'io,«J7S, during the Fame period last
eeaeon. v
WHEAT — Experts of Wheat in May were
r,:><;,v.)4 ctls, valued at $095,243, against 5G6,]!«4
rt\u. valued tt $579,575, in May, 1901. From
Ju;y L. 1U01. to date these exports amount to
JJ.2S3.C20 ctls, valued at $».8<W.S70, against
7.244.017 ctls. valued at $7,445,224. during the
same period In 1900-01.
BARLEY — The shipments of Barley In May
were 67.313 ctls. valued at $72,479. against
C.fl.337 ctls, valued at $59,054, In May. 1901.
The total exoorts thus far for the croD year
amount to 4,227.477 ctls, valued at $3,072,05(1,
against I,O05,0«5 ctls. Valued at $1,881,261. dur
ing the same period last year.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from Ean Francisco by sea
durinir May were 498.522 gals and 4C1 cases,
valued at $171,281. These figures include the
shipments to New York, via Panama, which
amounted tc 436,tflC gals, valued at $145,01*0.
The total ehlr>mentE from January 1 to May 31
wer* 2.743,079 pals and 1S53 cases, valued at
$91 C, 049.
EXPORTS OF OUICKSILVER.
ExDorta of Quicksilver In May were 436
flasks, valued at $19,294, making the total ex
ports since January L 2145 flasks, valued at
?39,093.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific TJme.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June, 4^-5 p. m. j
In cases, 22%c; Bsnzlne, In bulk, 14%c: in
cases, 21c; 86-degree- Gasoline. In. bulk. 20*; In
cases. 2G%c.
TURPENTINE^ — C9c per gallon In cases and
63c In drums and iron barrels. ' -
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c: Candy -Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.23c; Dry Granu>
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4 25c*
Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags only), none*
• Confectioners' A, 4.23c; Magnolia A. 3.85c :
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D." 3 53c
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels, 25c more
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4.73c; boxes
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
¦¦ / ¦• ;
FOR WEDNESDAY. JUNE 4.
Flour, qr sks... 19.8Pfi! Middlings, sis.. 525
Whea*. ctls .... 11.127.! Tallow, ctls ... 250
Barley, ctls .... 3,925 Pelts, bdls .... ifift
Corn, ctls 1,400 Hides, No. ,... 453
Beans. 8k3 .... 10 Leather, rolls .. - 304
Potatoes, sks .. 2,003 Wine, gals .... 41,100
Onions, fks .... 643 Lime bbls .... 273
Bran, sks .... 1,180 Quicksilver, flks SO
Shorts, sks .... 200 Paper, reams... 13
Wool, bales ... 2TJ5 ! Sugar, ctls ... 2 248
Hay. tons 242
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. ll,5C0|Potatoes, ska .. 380
Wall street has the quietest day of the year.
Local stocks and bonds still neglected.
Sdvcr continues to creep up. Exchange about the same.
Spot Wheat lower and futures firmer.
Barley, Corn and Rye dull.
Oats stiff, in sympathy with the northern markets.
No change in Hay and Feedstuff si
Beans and Seeds continue very quiet.
Butter and Cheese plentiful. Eggs firm under decreasing stocks.
Provisions still neglected at unchanged quotations.
Live and dressed Meats as before quoted.
New Potatoes in light supply and steady. Onions plentiful. .
Vegetable market in fair condition.
Poultry end Game steady and unchanged.
Fresh and Citrus Fruits selling off well.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Del Lack & West. . ...; 270
Denver & R G ... .... 41-
Denver & R G pfd. 300 90% 90% 90%
g rl * 2,400 37% 36% 36%
Erie 1st pfd 100 67% C7% 67%
Erie 2d pfd 200 51ft 51VL 51%
Great Nor pfd .... - /" . 18*
Hocking Valley.... 1,700 86% - 85 8t%
Hocking Val pfd ! ....... 92 V t
Illinois Central ... 1,000 152% 151% 151%.
Iowa Central ' 100 46 46 45%
Uowa Central pfd. 100 '83% 83M 83V-
Lake Erie & West .'. 65
Lake Erie & W pfd 125
Louis &. Nashville . 100 137 137 137
Manhattan L . 1,300 132% 132 132%
Metropolitan St Rjv 1,800 150% 149% ,149%
Mexican Central .. 300 26% 20% 20%
Mexican National.. 300 18% 13% 18%
Minn & St Louis .... .... 110%
Missouri Pacific . >v . 1,200 100 99% 99%
Missouri Kan & T.. 700 *- 26% 26 26%
Missouri K & T pfd 6,000 57% 56% 5G%
New Jersey Central ...'.' 184
New York Central. 1,100 156% 155% 156%
Norfolk & Western 1,700 57% 57% 57%
Norfolk & West pfd 89
Ontario & Western 500 ;)2% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 2,400 147% 147% 147%
Reading 18,500 63 62% 62%
Reading 1st pfd .. 400 83 83 83
Reading 2d pfd 2,700 68 67% 67%
St Louis & S F 700 «9% 69 68%
St L & S F 1st pfd 83%
St L & S F 2d pfd ,_. 72
St Louis S W .... 400 27 27 27
St L S W pfd 1,500 59% 59% 59%
St. Paul 4,800 169% 169%, 169%
St Paul pfd 2,000 64% 64% 64%
Southern Railway. . ©00 37% 36% 37
Southern Ry pfd.. 1,100 94% 94% 94%
Texas & Pacific... 500 41% 40% 41%
Toledo St L & West 100 21% 21% 21
Tol St L & W pfd. 200 37% 37% 37
Union Pacific 11,200 104% 104% 104%
Union Pacific pfd. 100 88% 8S% 88
Wabash 2,600 27% 26% 26%
Wabash prefd 900 44% 43% 43%
Wheel & Lake E.. 100 22% 22% 22
W & L E 2d pfd.. .... 3t
Wis Central 2,300 27% 27% 27
WIs Cent pfd 400 49% 49 49
Express Companies —
Adams 200
American .... 223
United States 100 115 115 114%
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 2,600 69% 68% 69
Amer Car & F • 1,500 31% 31 31%
Amer Car & F pfd. - ¦ .... 90
Amer Lin Oil 25%
Amer Lin Oil pfd 50%
Amer S & Ref 2,400 49 48% 48%'
Amer S & Ref pfd. 200 08% 98% 98%
Anaconda Min Co. ) 200 116% 116% 116%
Brooklyn R Trans. '4,000 68% 67% 68
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,400 99% 99% 99%
Cons Gas 200 221% 221 220%
Con Tobacco pfd.. 6,500 126% 125% 125
General Electric... 100 320 320 310
Hocking Coal -C ny.
Inter Paper » 20%
Inter Paper pfd 400 75% 74% 75
Inter Power 200 70 65 65
Laclede Gas -... . 85
National Biscuit 4714'
National Lead 900 22% 22% 22%
North American. .. 121%
Pacific Coast .... 66
Pacific Mail 40
People's Gas 101%
Pressed S Car 47$
Pressed S Car pfd 86%
Pullman Pal Car 234
Republic Steel 100 17% 17% 17U
Republic Steel pfd. 100 74 74 73%
Sugar 4,400 128 127% 127%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 400 64% 64 63%
Union B & P Co.. 600 15 15 15
Union B & PCo pfd .. si
U S Leather 200 13% 13 13
Tj S Leather pfd... 200 84% 84% 84%
Xj S Rubber ..., 14&;
U S Rubber pfd BG
U S Steel 8.500 ' 40 -39% 303/
U S Steel pfd 5,200 89% 89% 89%
Western Union .... 1,700 90% 90 90%
Amer Loco 900. 33% 32% 32%
Amer Loco pfd 100 93% 93% 93%
K C Southern 700 33% 33 32%
K C Southern pfd. 300 60 60 60%
Total sales 180.500
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s. Hocking Val 4%s.llO%
registered . . .108% L & Nash uni 4s. .103%
do coup 108% Mex Cent 4s S3
do 3s reg 107% do 1st inc 32
do r coup 107% Minn & St L 4s.. 105
do new 4s reg.. 136 M Kan & Tex 4s. 100
do coup 136 do2ds 83%
do old 4s reg... 109% N Y Cent lets 104%
do coup 110% do gen 3%s 108
do 5s rear 105% N J Cent gen 5s. .139
. do coup 105% North Pac 4s 105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% do 3s 7314
do a<M4s » 94 - Norf & W con'4s.*101%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s... 100
do3%s . 06% StL&IMc 5s. .116%
do conv 4s 107% St L & S F 4s 98
Can South 2ds...lO9 St L SW lsts.... 98%
Cent of Ga 5s 109% do 2ds 86%
_. do J nc 81% S A & Ar Pass 4s. 91
rhf B **A?t h!o iS 1 ' 1^! 8011 " 16111 Pac 4s.. 93
Chi & Alton 3%s. 85% Southern Ry 5s.. .123%
£?,Vl n ?, w4 5-\ OC H T ex & Pac lsts.. 110%
C M & St P g 4s. 115% Tol St L & W 4s. 82
C & Nw con 7s. ..138 Union' Pac 4s 100
C R I & Pao 4s.. .112 do conv 4s.... 107%
C C C & StL g 48.102 Wabash lsts . . . 119%
Chi Terminal 4s.. 89 do 2ds 112
Colo & South 4s.. 95 d»b B 74%
Den & R G 4s. ...104 "West Shore' 4s! '. '. ins
Erie prior Hen 4s. 100% Wheel &*L E 4s . 94%
do gen 4s 88 Wisconsin Cent 4s 94
Ft W & D C lBts.113% Con Tob 4s. !"...? 68
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ... 12
Alice 45 Ontario '7 50
Breece 50 Ophir 1 30
Brunswick Con... 09 Phoenix o«
Comstock Tunnel. 05% Potosl ... 2s
Con Cal & Va 130 Savage ...."..' 12
Deadwood Terra. . 1 00 Sierra Nevada 17
Horn Silver 1 23 Small Hopes " 40
Iron Silver 75 Standard ' 3 2T
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— , United Fruit ....109
Call loans ....3%@4% Westinghse com.. 107
Time loans ...4 @5 Mining—
Bonds — Adventure 23%
Atchison, 4s »02% Allouez ... ..... 3
Gas lsts 94% Amalgamated 68%
Mexican Cen 4s... 81 Blngham .:. 35
N E Gas & Coke. 54»,i Calumet & Hecla.570
Railroads— Centennial loti
Atchison 79% Copper Range 58
Do pfd 98% Dominion Coal ...139
Boston & Albany. 260 Franklin ..: . . 11
Boston & Maine. 200 iBle Royale * 12
N Y N H & H...233 Mohawk ... ".'.'.'. 42%
Fitchburgpfd ....143% Old Dominion ... 20%
Union Pacific ...104% Osceola . . 02
Mexican Central . . 26 % Parrot ... ....".' 35
Miscellaneous — Quincy ..; 130
American Sugar.. 127% Santa Fe Copper. '. 2
A D <> PM 118% Tamarack ..7 ...175
Amer Tel & Tel. 175% Trinity 12%
Dom Iron & Steel. 54% United States ... 20$
Mass Electric ... 44 Utah .... 21Vi
-Do P« OSyJvictoria ... '.'./. £%
Daly West 44 Wlnona . Jt
u « Steel 39% Wolverine ... "-' 65
D o P f d 89% ynlted Copper ... 35%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money... 96% M K & Texas.... 26%
Con for account. 96 3-1C Do pfd CO
Anaconda 3% N Y Central !!!!l00%
At^ l80 P, 82% Norf & West ... 68%
Do Pfd 101% Do pfd ... 92
Bait & Ohio ....108% Ontario & West" 73%
Canadian Paclflc.141% Southern Ry . ' 37s!
Chesap & Ohio... 47% Do pfd 97
Chicago G W 30 Southern Pacific . 60*4
Chi Mil & St P...174 Union Pacific ...*107«
Denver & Rio G. 43% Do pfd . oov
Do pfd 93% US Steel ..'.'.'.'.'. 40S
Krie ;J7% Do pfd ...;.... 91%
Do 1st pfd .... 69%:Waba8h ... .... 27$
Do 2d pfd 54 Do pfd 45$
Illinois Central ..156 Spanish 4s cost
Louis & Nash ...140%' w *
Bar sliver, steady, 24 l-16d per ounce Money
2%®2% per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills Is 2%@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bllli is 2 18-16 per cent.
London Market. >/
NEW YORK. June 4. — The Commercial'Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a thin attendance on the floor of the
Stock Exchange to-day on account of. the
Derby. The tone was dull throughout, closing
at the lowest. Profit-taking continues. Con
sols sold at 06%.
American shares were quite unsupported and
sagged from start to finish. Canadian Pacific/
which declined to 141%, was the only feature
Gold to the. amount of £37,000 has been re
ceived from Paris, £20,000 from Turkey and
£63,000 In bars has been purchased.
Copper sold at £54 the ton, and Rio Tintot
at £45 7s Cd.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 4.— Money on call was
aKSr 06 "' 1 Cl08ln * "«¦»?
Prime mercantile paper-^-4@4% per cent
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual bust- ,
new in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand
and at $4 S4%@4 84% for sixty days.
Posted rates— $4 85%@4 88.
Commercial bills— $4 84@4 85.
Bar silver— 52%c. ,
Mexican dollars— 42c. ' . .
Bonds)— Governments, firm; States, firm; rail
roads, Irregular. .
Condition of the , Treasury.
WASHINGTON. .June . 4.— To-day's state
ment of the. Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
* — : : ~ T~"^~ : ~*
NEW YORK, June 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20,500 barrels; exports, 5700 barrels. Market
steadier and trifle 'Inactive. • •¦.' • ', |
WHEAT— Receipts. 34,500 bushels; spot,"
firm. No. 2 1 red, . 80%c elevator; No. 2 red,
7.8%@79%c; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 81 %c f.'
o. ¦ b. afloat; No. lhard Manitoba 85c f. o. r b.'
afloat. Throughout the day wheat was firm
and a shade higher. Influenced by scarcity of
offerings, attempts to replace short sales "and
a bullish Ohio State report, small receipts and
export rumors. Liberal clearances' also had an
influence. The market closed firm at #c net
higher. July, 77%@78 5-ltic. closed 78&c";' Sep
tember, 75%@75%c, . closed 75%c; December,
7C%@77%c. closed- 77%c.
HOPS — Quiet. . :.-,,
HIDES— Firm. . .
WOOL — Steady. •-.-.'
COFFEE— Spot Rio dull! No. 7 invoice,
6 7-16c; mild, steady; Cordova. 8@ll%c.' Fu
tures closed steady with prices net 10@15 point3
lower. Total eales were 41.500 bags, includ
ing: July, 4.05c; September- 5.10c; October,
5.15c: December. 5.35@5.40c; January, 5.45c;
March. 5.55@5.60c; May 5.85c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm. Fair . refining, 2%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3 7-l(ic; molasses sugar,
2%c. Refined' was firm. \
. ¦ _/ DRIED FRUITS. '
The market, for evaporated apples shows a
firmer tone. State, common to good 7@9%c;
prime. 0%@10c; choice, 10>4@l0%c; fancy, lie.
Prunes are in excessive export demand and
prices are firm with an advancing tendency.
•Apricots firm and moving well for export.
Peaches steady.
PRUNES— 3%@6%c.
APRICOTS— Boxed. 10%@14c; bags. 10%@
PEACHES — Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled 8*4
@8%c. . : . . "
New York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
! light mixed, $6 85@7 17%; medium and heavy,
7 10@7 37%; pigs, $1@6 10.
SHEEP — Receipts, SOO; steady. Top spring
lambs, $7 25.
':: -California Fruit Sales.
-NEW YORK, June 4.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia cherries sold at auction to-day: Tarta
rians^ 55c@$2 25, average $1 33. One car sold
to-day; Weather warm and dry. Express ship
ments— Tartarlans, $2 77; Centennial, $3 37%.
CHICAGO, June 4. — Porter Bros. Company
sold California: fruit to-day: Car from New
castle — Tartarians. 35<g90c. Car arrived In poor
condition. Car from Vacaville — Tartarians, $1
@1 35; BigereauS.. 50c; Royal Anns, $1 50;
black ox-hearts, $1 10.
NEW "YORK, June 4. — Porter "Bros. Com
rnay sold California fruit to-day-: Car from
Vacaville — Tartarians, 90cg?3 70, average
$1 54; halves. $1 55; Royal Anns, $1 20; Gov
ernor AVoods, 90c; Pontiacs,$l 15; Centennials,
$2,. 65; ox-heart. $1 30; seedling Cots, $1 10.
Car from Suisun — Tartarians. $1 10@l 50, av
erage $1 27; Rockport, $1 40, average
$1 29: Cleveland, 80c@$l 05. average $1 02.
Express shipments — Lee Gates. $1 85; A. A.
Co.. $1 16. -
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, June 4.— Clearings, $767,571; bal
ances, $95,397.
PORTLAND, June 4.— Clearings, $642,670;
balances, $141,702.
TACOMA, June 4. — Clearings, $321,892; bal
ances, $72,824.
SPOKANE, June 4.— Clearings, $302,758; bal
ances, $37,036.
-;• Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 4.— WHEAT— Steady; blu»
stem, 65%c; club, 64%c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. June 4.— Consols, 96 9-16; Silver,
24 1-lCd; French rentes, lOlf 82 %c; cargoes
Walla Walla, 29s 8d; English country markets,
quiet. t
LIVERPOOL, June 4.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
standard California, 6s 4d©63 "4%d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
rain. : - -
COTTON— Uplands, 5 l-16d.
in the division of redemption, shows :¦ Avail
able cash balance, §195,339,009; gold, $96.
488,018. .';• -.
THE 'SAST FKANCISCO CALL, /THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Pag$ Thirtoau
11
Articles — Open. High Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — .
July ,-'Tm 72 7114* 72 '
Sept V:*-OU% 70% . 69% " 70%
Dec ..* 70% 71 Mi 70% 71%
Corn No. 2 —
July ;¦¦¦ 61% 62% 61^4 61%
Sept 58 58% 57% - 58%
Dec....". 43& 44% 43% 43%
Oats No. 2 — - •
July (old) 34% . 35% 34% 35%
July (new) 3«% 38% 30% 38Vs
Sept. (eld) 27% 28% 27% 2S
Sept. (new)..... 29% 30 20% 30
Dec ....'. ' 30 30^4 30 ' 30tf
Mess Pork, per barrel — \
July 10 20 17 40 17 20 17 35 j
Sept :...17 27^4 17 47& 17 27^ 17 45
Lard per 100 pounds — '¦¦
July 10 20 10 30 10 20 10 25
Sept 1023 1032% 10 25 1030
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 0 00 10 25 9 00 10 15
Sept 982% 1010 .9 82% 10 05
STATION'S.
p
z
a
E 2
S3 33 '
E E :
c e
•1 •!
II
DO
n
•3
Astoria ..
3aktr ...
2«.rson . .
2uretca ...
r rceno . . .
riaystaflt
80.22
, 30.08
29.84
30.12
29. SO
.....29.76
r.s 46
08 S8
TC 36
S6 40
90 54
76 32
W .Pt.Cldy .34
NW Clear .00
W Pt.ady .00
NW Clear .00
NW Clear .00
SW Clear .00 1
Pocatello. Id...29.90 72 44
Independence ..29.72 86 52
Los Angeles... 29. 82 SO 52
Phoenix 29.64 98 60
Portland 30.18 62 4S
Red Bluff 29.84 86 66
Roseburg 30.10 66 42
Sacramento ..29.86 84 50
Salt Lake 20.78 76 " 48
San Francisco. 29. 00 64 50
S. L. Oblspo..29.92 82 48
San Diego 29.86 66 58
Seattle 30.20 62 46
Spokane 30.0S C2 46
Mean Bay 30.20 C6 42
Walla Walla.. 30. 10 68 44
Wlnnemucca ..29.86 76 38
Vuma 29.64 100 64
W Pt.Cldy .00
W Clear .00
W Clear .00
N Clear .00
NW Clear .02
N Clear .00
NK Clear .00
S Pt.Cldy .00
NW Clear .00
W Clear .0U
W Clear .00
SW Clear .00
S PtCldy 1.03
SW Cloudy .00
W Pt.Cldy .10
SW Clear .00
SW Cloudy .00
SW Clear .00
STATIONS.
' ' 2 SI < O
33 33 42
si sg I s * |§
c £» * :
• ? X : :
OB
•|S
i
5"
Chlco 90 43 ..
Ooverdale 87 47 ..
Colusa 84 53 ..
Eureka 66 46 24
Fresno 60 54 6
Hanford 93 46 ..
Hollister 81 38 ..
Independence 88 CO 12
Llvermore 83 41 ,..
Lob Angeles 60 52 8
Xapa 79 45 ..
Newman 88 45 ..
Palermo S9 4S ..
Portervllle 89 47 ...
Red Bluff S6 56 6
Riverside 83 44 ..
Racramento 84 50 Lt
San Diego 80 58 Lt
San Francisco ...64 50 20
San Jose 79 5S ..
San Luis Obigpo..82 48 10
Santa Rosa ' 79 40 ..
Willows, 85 49 ..
Clear .00
Fair .U0
Clear .00
NW Clear .00
NW Clear .00
Clear .00
W Clear .00
W Clear .00
Clear .00
W Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear . .00
Clear .00
.- Clear .00
N Clear .00
Clear .00
S Pt.Cldy .00
S"W Clear .00
W Clear .00
N Clear .00
"W Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Articles — Open. High Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — .
July ,-'Tm 72 7114* 72 '
Sept V:*-OU% 70% . 69% " 70%
Dec ..* 70% 71 Mi 70% 71%
Corn No. 2 —
July ;¦¦¦ 61% 62% 61^4 61%
Sept 58 58% 57% - 58%
Dec....". 43& 44% 43% 43%
Oats No. 2 — - •
July (old) 34% . 35% 34% 35%
July (new) 3«% 38% 30% 38Vs
Sept. (eld) 27% 28% 27% 2S
Sept. (new)..... 29% 30 20% 30
Dec ....'. ' 30 30^4 30 ' 30tf
Mess Pork, per barrel — \
July 10 20 17 40 17 20 17 35 j
Sept :...17 27^4 17 47& 17 27^ 17 45
Lard per 100 pounds — '¦¦
July 10 20 10 30 10 20 10 25
Sept 1023 1032% 10 25 1030
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 0 00 10 25 9 00 10 15
Sept 982% 1010 .9 82% 10 05
STATIONS.
' ' 2 SI < O
33 33 42
si sg I s * |§
c £» * :
• ? X : :
OB
•|S
i
5"
Chlco 90 43 ..
Ooverdale 87 47 ..
Colusa 84 53 ..
Eureka 66 46 24
Fresno 60 54 6
Hanford 93 46 ..
Hollister 81 38 ..
Independence 88 CO 12
Llvermore 83 41 ,..
Lob Angeles 60 52 8
Xapa 79 45 ..
Newman 88 45 ..
Palermo S9 4S ..
Portervllle 89 47 ...
Red Bluff S6 56 6
Riverside 83 44 ..
Racramento 84 50 Lt
San Diego 80 58 Lt
San Francisco ...64 50 20
San Jose 79 5S ..
San Luis Obigpo..82 48 10
Santa Rosa ' 79 40 ..
Willows, 85 49 ..
Clear .00
Fair .U0
Clear .00
NW Clear .00
NW Clear .00
Clear .00
W Clear .00
W Clear .00
Clear .00
W Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear . .00
Clear .00
.- Clear .00
N Clear .00
Clear .00
S Pt.Cldy .00
S"W Clear .00
W Clear .00
N Clear .00
"W Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pocatello. Id...29.90 72 44
Independence ..29.72 86 52
Los Angeles... 29. 82 SO 52
Phoenix 29.64 98 60
Portland 30.18 62 4S
Red Bluff 29.84 86 66
Roseburg 30.10 66 42
Sacramento ..29.86 84 50
Salt Lake 20.78 76 " 48
San Francisco. 29. 00 64 50
S. L. Oblspo..29.92 82 48
San Diego 29.86 66 58
Seattle 30.20 62 46
Spokane 30.0S C2 46
Mean Bay 30.20 C6 42
Walla Walla.. 30. 10 68 44
Wlnnemucca ..29.86 76 38
Vuma 29.64 100 64
W Pt.Cldy .00
W Clear .00
W Clear .00
N Clear .00
NW Clear .02
N Clear .00
NK Clear .00
S Pt.Cldy .00
NW Clear .00
W Clear .0U
W Clear .00
SW Clear .00
S PtCldy 1.03
SW Cloudy .00
W Pt.Cldy .10
SW Clear .00
SW Cloudy .00
SW Clear .00
STATION'S.
p
z
a
E 2
S3 33 '
E E :
c e
•1 •!
II
DO
n
•3
Astoria ..
3aktr ...
2«.rson . .
2uretca ...
r rceno . . .
riaystaflt
80.22
, 30.08
29.84
30.12
29. SO
.....29.76
r.s 46
08 S8
TC 36
S6 40
90 54
76 32
W .Pt.Cldy .34
NW Clear .00
W Pt.ady .00
NW Clear .00
NW Clear .00
SW Clear .00 1
AUCTION SALES
£xs $5s
AUCTION SALE!
GROVE-ST. STABLE3, 122-133 GROVB VB,
THURSDAY, JUNE 5, at 11 a. m.
BARGAINS OF ALL KINDS.
20 head of working and driving horses; also
a big lot of new and second-hand buggies and
wagons of all kinds. 2 hacks, 2 coupes and a
very fast pacing mare, harness and buggy, wltlk
a record of 2:21%; one black trotting horse,
harness and buggy, mark 2:17; one bay pacing
horse, pace along In 2:30.
SAM WATKINS, Auctioneer.
5^ OCCIDENTAL «w
"^ HORSE EXCHANGE. -™
On Tuesday, June 17. I will sell from Messrs.
Pierce Bros.' Yerba Buena stock farm a con-
signment of draft horses weighing from 1300
to 1G0O; from their Brookdale farm, some all
purpose and standard trotters, broodmares and
their foals, and from their Santa Rosa stock
farm, standard and registered trotters, fine
matched teams sired by Sidney Dillon (sire of
Dolly Dillon 2:07), On Stanley 2:17%. Fraa
2:14i4, Diablo 2:09%, Bay Rose 2:20%. Director
2:17, Electioneer, General Benton, etc. Watch
this column for further particulars. Catalogues
issued June 12. WM. G. LAYNO,
Live Stock Auctloney.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
One car load SOUND, GENTLE HORSE3;
also good second-hand rigs: 1 camper's wagon.
721 HOWARD ST.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, -JUNE 5, 1902.
12
SAN FRAN CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; op?n until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
215 Larkin street: ooen until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
ICC Eleventh street; cpen 1111111 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tacty streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmcre street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES*
A REGULAR meetins of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and jf
A. Scottish Rite or PYee Masonry, will A
be hold in Commandcry Hall. Masonic Iffi
Temple, on THURSDAY EVKN1NO. Cgb*
•Tune 5, at 8 o'clock. Degrees 13 and 14.
HENRY" BURSTER, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — ft
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _/\_
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. M. M. de- /LJ\
irree. By order of the H. P. ' *
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1. F. and A. m
M-. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) ,/a.
EVENING. June f>. at 7:30 o'clock. /tJC
Stated rneetlne and third degree. By / XF
order of Uie Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M-, »
121 Eddy et_, meets THIS EVENING,
7:30 o'clock. 1 D. fLj\
GEORGE PENLJNGTON. Secretary- /^r >
DOKIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M-— «
Stated meeting THIS {THURSDAY) _^\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By order 7t5\
of the Master. . /~ *
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
YEREA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I.
O. O. F. — Election cf officers for £$viijEX~;
ensuing term THURSDAY
EVENING, June 5. 1902. Full 'VMSW^
attendance requested.
W. P. HUMPHREYS. N. G.
W. W. CROSS. Rec. Sec
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. vj^afl^k
F. — Election of officers and in- -^JfllSvti.
itiation THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. <^f/IA^f^.
FRANKLIN M. CARSON. Noble Grand.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 179, I.
O. O. F. — Election of officers 3s2*EH§!t
for tfce er.E-Jinjr term THIS : =^SSfkS-
(THURSDAY) EVENING. Mem-
bers are requested to attend.
H. A. DODGE, N. G.
E. S. WISWELL, R. S.
2CORMA Grove No. 5, U. A. O. D-, meeti »flu>
TO-MORROW (FRIDAY) EVENING. £55
413 Sutter St. Initiation. i-a.
F. E. CALER, Secretary.
THE International Lathers' Union charter will
be open to all lathers in the State WEDNES-
DAY NIGHT. 1U5 Market st.
ANNUAL Meeting. — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the offie of
the company. Market Bt., San Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 26th day of May,
1V02. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for tho
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion cf such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
Office, S27 Market st.. San Francisco, CaL
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday, June 2, Iftu2. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday. June 9, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Sam Ahtye, in the Secret Dig-
gings Mine, near Laporte. Plumas County.
Cal., to deposit tailings in worked out pit
draining- into Clark or Slate Creek, and from
P. J. Sheridan and E. N. Ekel. in the
Lancha Plana Mine, at Lancha Plans, Ama-
dor County, Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked
out pit draining into Mokelumne RJver, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
96, Flood Building, San Francisco. Cal.. on
June 16. 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WASTED.
EXPERIENCED agents for country; perma-
nently. Apply at the Royal Portrait Com-
pany. 143 Seventh st.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charpe without success; established 16 yns.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
ell cases. J. M. THURSTOX, 819 Market et.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful; all
cases. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Et.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or ExchaDge.
ALLEN hfis best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying: repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 3C5 Market, 19e8 to 1974 Pa ge.
BOAItDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
ONE or two children to board; good home; best
of care; reasonable. 895 Oak et.. Alameda.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
UlTSIXESS CHANCES.
A — $250 OYSTER and chop house on Larkln"str;
rent $16; good location and good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^, Kearny.
A— $f;00; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
v.ith 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $550; CANDY, ice cream and notion store,
with 4 living rooms; rent $15; a splendid loca- j
ticn and good paying business in Western Ad-
dition. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A — $500; CORNER grocery and bar, wlthliv-
ine-rooms: rent $42; best location on Leav-
en worth et. ; »;o<j<i . paying. Call R. G.
WILKE, Zny^ Kearny et.
A— $2050; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
bldg.; rent §75; a flrst-class paying business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2C& Kearny st.
A— $700; SALOON; only one block north of
Market St.; net rent $25; a good paying busi-
ness; value in sight. For particulars *ee R.
G. WILKE. 26^a Kearny st.
A — $1600; RKSTAURANT on Market St.; daily
receipts about $C0; lease; splendid chance; a
money maker. Call R. G. WILKE, 26»4
Keariy et.
A — J1250; COFFEE saloon and restaurant near
Market and Powell sts.; value $2500; make
an offer; sickness cause of selling See R.
G. WILKE. 2CVj Kearny Bt.
A— $250: RESTAURANT; cost to fix up $600;
rent $15: splendid location; a great bargain
and food business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«%
Kearny st.
A— $450; BAKERY, established years; all store
trade; rent f40; 3 rooms and kitchen; baking
1 barrel per day. Call R. G. WILKE, 26Mi
Kearny Et.
A — DAIRY croduce", delicatessen and tamale
<Jt-j>ot clearing above $."'.50 per month; estab
years; the best investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A PATRON invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were ?5 17 a week; in ' less than
five months he had drawn as much in dlvl-
, dends as hte principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you aeatnst loss-
dividends Sire paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
lofs; v.e accept accounts as low as $10- divi-
dend for wer-k ending May 31. $5 04 : write
or call tor interesting literature. AMERI-
• CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
C15, Emma SjTeckeis building.
PARTNER wanted wltli small amount of
money to take interest in old established real
estate business: splendid opportunity; steady
man. Calif. Business Assn., 8C5i£ Market.
HOTEL, 120 rooms: fine bar trade; clears $1000
a month. Calif. Business Assn., 865*4 Market.
$3<jO — PARTNER wanted in light business; $18
to $25 a week, with chance to make $35 in '
.short time; plain, steady man will find this
a chance worth t&klng. 25 Geary st., rm 4.
FOR gale — Butcher shop in good location;
horfie, wagon, good furniture and family
trade; rent $15: price $800; worth $1000. In-
Culre at Mc^RIDE & CO.'S. 765 Market st.
A — WANTED — Bright trustworthy man of good
address as partner for plain office work; $250
ras^h required. Call 31 S Kearny St., room 1.
$100 — SACRIFICE: good office business; «wner
elck; established 7 years. Business Exchange,
SS Third street.
IF you have $"r>0 to Invest In a legitimate,
well-paying busineFs projxisition; no agents.
Box 264, Call.
FOR sale — Hotel, T56 rooms, bar and dining
room. Inquire Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific
rtreet after 2 p. m.
BI'TTER and egg route for Ml*. Box 299,
C&il office. . x
BCSINESS^CHANCES^^ojitl^nneJ.^
A Branch bakery and milk depot; fine loca-
tion on business street; 4 living rooms; rent
$15; price $150. • • • Restaurant near
Mission St.; clears over $80 a month: rent $15;
price $600. • • • Grocery and bar; good
corner location; fine fresh stock; cheap rent.
• • • Call on JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Mkt.
SPECIAL bargain — Saloon, worth $500, for
$300; must be sold at once; party going east
to look after real estate. Call or add. H. S.,
002% Third Bt.; no agents. '
OYSTER and chop house for Bale; old estab-
lished place. 344 Third st.
RESTAURANT, biggest bargain In city, for
Immediate sale. 11 Mason st.
$S5(X) — Commercial hotel on leading business
street, clearing $G50 monthly net; whole or
half interest; partner gping to Europe; no
j agents. Box 275. Call office.
$50 MONTHLY & board — Partner wanted with
$150; oleasant work: estab. business; young
man preferred. Apply 235 Kearny, r. 4.
CIGAR store, best bargain in city for small
amount of money: owner sick in bed; must
sell cheap. 1016 Market st.. room 10.
FINE chicken ranch for sale; also the furni-
ture of a 4-room house. Inquire at S. E corner
Girard and Bacon sts., San Bruno road.
RESTAURANT for sale; cheap rent; good busi-
ness: owner going north. 61S Sixth st. j
ROUTE in Western Addition: building up dl»-
trlct; reasonable. Box 1792. Call. :
¦ j
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
20 ROOMS; clears $60 $200
18 rooms; Just listed 650
12 rooms; snap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100... 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
40 rooms; $1000 cash: balance monthly. 2200
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 631.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
REDUCED to $1075; 14 rooms, furnished ele-
gantly; $350 cash; bal. monthly. RETSLOFF.
$S50 — 25 ROOMS; a good-paying investment
for right party. See Retsloff. 906 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market. nr.Call bids.
See — these — samples — we — have — 471 — others.
9 r. ; owner sick bed; all men roomers.. $250
80 r. ; a popular corner; money-maker.. $2600
50 r. ; a splendid corner; house full of nice
people and fine furniture; 27 bay-win.$4000
25 r.; rent $35; clean; hsekpg; in. $97..$1500
19 r. : 6 blocks n. of Market: thoroughly nice
and respectable; sunny side st. ; rent only
$75; good furniture: elegant folding bed3;
terms $800 cash. $500 at 7 per cent..$13uO
17 r.; trn.: clears $81; n. Mkt.; cor.; $45.$850
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 120G Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms; sunny; g>:-od renter 950
8 rooms: sunny flat: corner 200
11 rooms; downtown: good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St..
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
! If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to Bell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
vou; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
1 flats, all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
Money loaned, 1% per cent.
100 ROOMS: country transient; low rent.$6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location.. 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain fiOO
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market St.— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
BARGAINS and many choice investments In
first-class lodging and boardinsr houses at all
times: bona fide buyers are welcome to In-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market et., bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone M'nt 1911.
A— KREDO & CO Money to Loan
809 Market St., Flood Building.
Big list at our office Exclusively
12 rooms; Sheriff's sale; new; best offer.
48 rooms; hotel and bar; $300 monthly.
A — $325; flat; central; elegant; new; cost $600.
$650 — 10 rooms; Post et. ; rent $37 50.
BUY your houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
10 rooms; clears $40 ?500
11 rooms; clears $30 $350
8 rooms;; clears $30 ?300
And other bargains. 842 Howard et.
FLAT, 6 rooms; nicely furnished; all new; only
few doors from Market St.; rent $30 per mo,:
will sell reasonable If taken at once. 11
Sixth st.; no agents;
7r. ROOMS; best- paying transient Kearny-st.
lodging-house; 3 years' lease; no agents. Box
222. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. HOLTMAN, medium and gifted healer;
all diseases cured by his marvelous astro-
psychic power; advice free. 1228 Market st.
WYLLIE, photo medium; short stay longer;
bring camera and plates; come, skeptics. 309
Turk st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;'
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S special seance to-night, 8
o'clock, $1; friends only admitted. 1084 Bush.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIRVOYANTS. "
PROFESSOR PAUL dIeSTINE^
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OCCULT
COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED IN
AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the world's greatest clair-
voyant and palmist, may be consulted dally on
all affairs of life: Paul Destine Is, beyond the
ehadow of a doubt, the most scientific practic-
ing Dalmist and clairvoyant In the world to-
day; his Information and advice on marriages,
divorce, separations, love and family affairs,
business transactions, lawsuits, mining, etc.,
are accurate and truthful: he reunites the sep-
arated, restores lost affections, causes speedy
marriages, makes you successful in your busi-
ness; gives you cood luck; locates hidden treas-
ures and mines: settles old estates that time
has .placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness; he
looks into your hand and tells you what ails
you and gives back your lost nerve and energy;
there is no home so sad and dreary, no heart
eo forsaken and lonely, no life so hard and
blighted, that cannot be set riRht, and kept
right, after a visit to- this inspired man of
modern times: no matter what trouble you
may have, call and he will help you, or charge
nothing for his services; "mediums developed";
readings by mall: fee within reach of all.
320 O'FARRELL ST. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~~ ~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up: satisfaction euaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — IRMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st.
cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25c — SPECIAL $1 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affaire; reunites the separated; makc3
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 dally.
1010, Mission St., near Sixth.
ARRIVED— ARRIVED.
PALMERO, the Wonder, clairvoyant and palm-
ist has arrived and is now located at 993 Mar-
ket; office 4; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. daily.
PROF. VONNIJE, the wonderful Austrian
palmist and astrologist, reads in different
languages; gives perfect satisfaction. 28
Sixth st., parlors 2 and 3.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bcrn with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies50c,
gents$l; palm, and clair. Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ADVICE' on love and all business affairs- read-
ings daily. MME. J. J. LEYOUS, 101C Mar-
ket st. and 11 Eddy, rooms 8 and 9; hrs. 10-9.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. Q, box 2224. San Fran.
MUS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
et.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M.- WILLE, 514 Taylor St., clairvoyanf
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 60c-$l; 10 a.m.to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader elves full
life readings for $1. 1008% Marketf op. 5th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader- ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth~or
no pay; full life readings r>Oc. 704 Howard:
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and hijfh psychiat:
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
CARPET. BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet- cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kleinert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson'Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd ;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market.bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
33:> Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room :{10. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
HAIGHT, 638 — $35; beautiful six-room cot- j
j tage, finished basement. Rm 410 855 Market.
$10— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath, yard, cellar,
water free. 1254A. Folsom street. »
WELL-FURNISHED modern cottage; gas;
piano: yard; $20; Castro-st. car. 4331 23d st.
DENTISTS^ _^
ELECTRO-DENTAir CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up ; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW olate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE^
WORK wanted by a man who is partly em-
ployed; chores about house, used to tools, etc.;
references; small wages. . Address Lewis,
1327 Mission st. ' A . - .
PRACTICAL all-round gardener desires a po-
sition on private place; can milk and do
other work If required; moderate wages ex-
pected; good references. Box 215, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
florist and gardener, to take charge of big
place, either private or commercial; single;
good references. Address G. D., box 272, Call
PRACTICAL gardener wishes a situation; ref-
erences. Address PAUL SCHOOF, 30-32 Ellis
St., Baldwin House. ¦
BAKER, foreman. Al man, wants place; city
or country; is steady and reliable. Address
Baker, 225 Third st.. Oakland.
YOUNG man of good education and experience
desires position as assistant cashier or book-
keeper. Box 216. Call office.
POSITION wanted by an experienced butcher,
cutter and sausage maker; country pre-
ferred. 627 Wisconsin st. -<*>*
FIRST-CLASS bandsawyer and machine man.
Apply to W. J. C. 548 Bryant st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions i has been established at -109tf
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ -
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
eold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 826 Post.
j, FLATS .^OJjjg?^^^^.^
A NEW 8-room flat; modern in every way;
23 Scott st. Telephone SPECK & CO., 667
Market st. _^
A — DOWNTOWN cozy flat of 7 rooms and
"lIKI.r M'AXTED— FEMALE--CaB.
WANTED — Experienced waist and skirt hands.
BEANDER. 116 Stockton st. .
EXPERIENCED lroners wanted at 3372 Mis-
sion st^^ - -.
A DRESSMAKER'S helper wanted at 769 Me.
AUlster st. ; come prepared to work. *
WANTED — Girl to take care of child; sleep
home. Call at 1104 Ellis St., corner Gough.
WANTED — Good dressmaker and also an ap-
prentlce at 120% Hayes st.
WAITRESS wanted. 422 Sixth st.
WANTED— Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
& CO., 27 Ceary st. _^
WANTED — Vest operators and vest finisher?;
also apprentices to learn. Apply factory
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; hairdressing,
manicuring, massage, halrwork taught in 2
weeks: price $3 50; employment guaranteed:
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-18.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only two
months required: special offer this -month:
hairdressing taught In four weeks; catalogue
- free. MOLER System College, 635 Clay st.
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork; splendid position in stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks $5: day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
WANTED— Lady assistant bookkeeper, whole-
sale commission house. J. O. MEYERINK,
428 Sansome st.
GIRLS from 15 to 17 for factory work. Apply
at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; none others
need apply. BARON. 22 Grant ave.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; 2 In
family; gas stove. 862 Lombard st.
YOUNG lady who understands sewing, to assist
. dressmaker; permanent position. 836 Turk.
WANTED— 2 lady barbers at 262 O'Farrell St.;
\VANTED-— MALE—- Con.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 638
Clay st.; phona Main 1191.
700 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen. steam
shovel dumpers $2 25 to $2 50 day
¦Free fare Ship to-day
To Wadsworth, Rokeby, Battle Mountain,'
.... Palisade, Carlln and Moleen. fee $1 ....
.'.200 railroad* men, S. P. Co. "a own work..
' ...Coast division; ¦ free fare; ship to-day...
To San Luis Obispo, Edna, Cuesta, Goleta,
Spense, Bradley and San Andro
! 7 boys to learn trades, $4 to $9 per week;
14 laborers for mine, north....... $2 day
43 laborers and miners, south. $2 to $2 50 day
17 quarrymen, long Job $2 day
7 woodchoppers, Santa Cruz Co... $2 50 cord
2 men to clear land '.$30 acre
1 iron molder $3 day
1 carriage painter ...$3 day
2 milkers for Oregon, fare paid.
6 tanbark men for Willlts... .$45 and found
20 men for Napa Co $60
10 men to clean brick
4 tiemakers $35 and found
1 tie sledder $40 and found*
7 tiemakers 12c to ISc each
1 tailor for Butte County
2 cooks, second and third. $45 and $35 & fd
1 waiter, 6-day restaurant $10 week
. Lunch cook and porter, saloon. .$25 and found
1 elevator boy ...$12 and found
1 elevator boy ...$15 and found
Cooks, waiters, etc
Boy to assist blacksmith, Sonoma County,
office fee/ fare paid.. $15 month and found
Call and read our bulletins
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY,
59 3d St.; near Call bids.; phone Bush 405.
¦ Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA J.
Free Fare Free Faro
Office fee $1; no other expenses
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men $2. 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
FREE FARE ,_. FREE FARE
Mendocino County Big Sawmill
60 railroad laborers.. $26 per month and board
12 Bawmill and woodsmen
....$26 to $65 per month and board
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental ¦Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 50c.
SET of teeth without platf. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk ft. ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
cortet-making taught ; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. *
EDUCATIONAL department of the Young
Men's Christian Association — Day classes;
small classes or individual instruction In
commercial, scientific and high school
branches; hours and terms may be arranged
with the educational director at the building.
Night school — Students are admitted at any
tlme to the classes in stenography, type-
writing, arithmetic, bookkeeping, penman-
ship and steam engineering.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
! catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 In April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
neis College, 1236 Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts: best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where: indorsed by official court reporters.
13S2 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
bath; cheap. 1219 Geary st., near yramcun.
CALIFORNIA, 1259— Furnished flat of 4 rooms,
bath, $25. Particulars phone Green 976.
FLAT of 5 large rooms. Corner of Third and
Minna sts. :
TO rent— Lower flat of 1520 and upper flat of
1518 Broadway, near Van Ness ave.
$16 — Bay-window sunny flat; five rooms. 28%
West Mission st., bet. Twelfth and Brady.
A DOWNTOWN cozy flat 'of 5 rooms and bath;
cheap. 1219A Geary st., near Franklin.
3 SUNNY flats, 4 rooms; newly renovated. 714
Natoma St.; rent $14. ,
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2833 and 2S29 Washington st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FELL, 1830, opp. Panhandle — Furnished flat, 6
rooms and bath; phone and piano; rent $40
per month. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
TO let — Furnished flat of 5 rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low. Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock at 70 South Park. ' __^
COMMODIOUS, sunny, corner 7-room flat; ele-
gantly furnished. 1800 Sutter Bt. -
MCALLISTER. 88— Flat newly furnished; all
Iniprovements.
SUNNY furnished upper flat S rooms and bath;
adults. 2110 Baker st.
_FLATS JFOR SALE FURNISHED.^
FOUR-ROOM flat,"new~7urnlture; rent $17 50.
No. 1233 ValleJo st. ; Hyde-st. car line.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange — Equity In 6-room cot-
puy Booa wages.
WANTED— Reliable waitress for a . saloon t
usual commission. Apply 70 Jackson st.
EXPERIENCED finishers on custom pants;
steady work. 854 Howard st ¦
PANTS operators wanted by 8. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WA . N , TED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
THOROUGH course In millinery, $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. .
HELP WANTED^— MALE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay" st.'
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Phone Main 6848.
LIST OF JOBS READY DAILY AT 7 A. M.
Office Open 7 a. m.
SHIP R. R. MEN FREE to-day to
Reno, Vista. Clark, Wadsworth, Rokeby,
Moleen, DItha, Elcho, Iron Point, Battle
Mountain, Palisade.
COME ONE COMB ALL
A thousand teamsters, free $2 25 day
500 rockmen and drillers, free
;• $2 25 to $2 50 day
75 car dumpers, fare.. $2 25 day
350 laborers for concrete work. $2 to $2 50 day
FREE FARE TO
SALT LAKE Arizona NEVADA
20 teamsters, R. R. work, near Prescott,
$2 a day
2 camp blacksmiths. Arizona. .$60 and found
SANTA FE.
25 laborers for. section and ballast work.
Free fare. Get one of our lists.
MINES
6 miners, good mine, $90; 15 laborers to work
around mine, no experience required, steady
Job, wages $40 to $52 and found; 6 miners,
north, $75; 3 miners, gold mine, $2 60 day; 3
aa.ur ±\j-ua I iJMti^ii; JTAKiii
FOR LUMBER WOODS
Full crew for new lumber camp; 50 barkers,
crosscutters, chain tenders, Jackscrew men,
timber fellers, swampers, $40 to $60 per
month and board
FOR SAWMILL
10 lumber pliers.... $40 per month and board
6 carpenters, company work, long Job
- $3 50 per day
RANCH HANDS
60 hay hands, $1 25 to $1 60 per day and
board
10 laborers, concrete work $2 per day
25 laborers, rock quarry $2 per day
Man and wife and helper to cook for 80 men
and small family $100 per month
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
WANTED— For U. S. army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men, between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
or United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and wrlta
English. For information apply to Recruit-
Ing Officer, 121 New Mongomery St., San
Francisco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.
TWO flrst-class agents for country trip; must
be family men and responsible; $10 per week
and commission. Address at once, C. F.
HOWELL, ValleJo.
WANTED— Man with $50; take cash cigar
stand; $50 month. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
WANTED— Honest man with $125; duties will
be to take cash and assist In restaurant;
$40 month, • board and room; no experience 1
necessary. BROWN & CO.j 1221 Market st.
WANTED — By leading building and loan as- •
soclatlon, exDerienced solicitor; liberal con-
tract; salary and commission. Address box
291, Call.
WANTED — By financial corporation, a young
man quick and accurate with figures and
experience in general clerical work; state 3
refs. and salary expected. Box 295, Call.
BRLP W.4XTKD- .MALE— Cow.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and rtsad English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. j San Francisco.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, st'll
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
600 MEN to buy new ar.d 2d-h.ind army shoes,
50c vp: soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2«i Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; fre«
• 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
: CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia Et.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
MAN going to country would like 2 horses for
one month on pasture; best of care taken;
references. CHARLES MERZ, 318 7th st.
YOU can find what you want in the horse lin*
at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
St.. near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
BIG plow horse, $35; buggy, $15; doubla har-
ness. $15; harness, $6; pole. $3. 79 City Hall
avenue.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ava.
FOR SALE — Light delivery wagon almost new.
Twenty-ninth st. and San Jose ave.
FOR SALE — Fine buggy horse. Corner Twen-
ty-sixth and Alabama sts.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. strr-
rey.harness, work, driving horses. 15 th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap-. 532 Mission st.
HOPSES_ TO LET.
A — PRINTED list nouses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
ASHBURY, 727 — $40; elegant 9-room house;
finished basement. Room 410, 825 Market st.
BEULAH, 19, near Cole— Modern house. 9
rooms and bath; $35; nice neighborhood.
HOUSES TO LET— COUNTRY.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage. 7 rooms.
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Oeary.
FURNISHED HOUSES-COUNTRY.
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished, and
stable; at San Anselmo; late residenca ot
Rev. Robert Mackenzie. D. D. Apply to
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 322 Montgomery St.. or
ALEX. BOUICK. San Anselmo.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
UNFURNISHED 8-room house, on Day St..
cheao; to be removed Immediately. Bo*
557. Call.
I LOST AND FQICTD.
LOST— Bullterrier dog, ears and tail docked,
brown BDOt on tail; S5 reward If raturnwl to
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A SELECT class for young ladles; physical
culture and fancy drill corps. Hallett School,
Alcazar building.
PIANIST (lady); good accompanist «wid sight
reader; desires engagements; pupils required.
2755 Bush st.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
Bt., for their new catalogue; it Is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 630 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookpg., penmanship; posit'n when qualified.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
gltlonB. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 723 Market Bt.
LEARN ad. writing; terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
eto. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
OtlFHEUM Employment Of^ce^Jap^MseTchU
stse help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter-.tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce^ — Furnish moat
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Malu 6188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
ENGLISH nurse for children or infant, best of
reference, wishes situation. See J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH srirl; excellent cook; years' ref-
crence; $30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter 16 years, wish posi-
tions as housekeeper or any position of trust;
references given if necessary. Address 211
Fourth st. ; city preferred.
HOUSEKEEPER by neat American woman,
elderly; experienced with the care of . chil-
dren; capable the entire work of small fam-
ily; wages $12 to $15. Box 208, Call.
GERMAN woman wi6hes position as invalid's
.nurse; willing to assist with housework;
flrst-class reference as to capability and char-
acter. 149 Fourth St., rear house.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
washing. Ironing, sweeping or sewing; $1 60
per day. 148 Sixth St., room 22.
GERMAN lady, good appearance, wishes to
travel or be companion to a wealthy or In-
valid person; best of references. Box 802, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman would care for the
sick; good references. Call for two days
750 O'Farrell st.
A COMPETENT, experienced woman would
like place as companion to elderly lady or in-
valid. Box 304, Call.
YOUNG woman wants situation, upstairs
work and assist with children; Oakland and
Berkeley preferred. Call 1127 Ellis st.
YOUNG lady wishes to do silk embroidering
at home. 1416% Baker st.
WOMAN wants housework by the half day
Box 293. Call office. »
WANTED — Positions by man and wife; wife is
a good cook and experienced in general
housework ; man good driver and thoroughly
understands care of horses; handy man
around private place; city or country. Box
484, Call office.
A YOUNG woman with a little girl wishes sit-
uation in a private family. Call room 27% '
474 Ninth st., Oakland.
A COMPETENT woman wants to take charge
of house in absence of owner; references.
Box 279, Call office.
WANTED- By reliable woman, a position to
wash dishes in hotel or restaurant. 49 Minna.
GIRL 12 years old wishes position to care for
baby 3 or 4 years old. 444 Jessie st.
WANTED — By a competent woman, situation
rs housekeeper in institution, hotel or gen-
tleman's family; is also good nurse and seam-
stress. Apply at 715 Hampshire st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Eubscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. - . ~ '.... ..
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
WANTED — Place as coachman and gardener,
city or country: can milk; good reference.
Box 300, Call office.
A Japanese boy wants position to do housework
or plain cooking. T. VALLEYS, 121 Haight
street., S. F., Telephone number Fell 7951.
tage in Berkeley, with modern Improvements;
want business or clear lots. T. K. BESS,
425 Montgomery st.
FUItA'ITURE FOR , , SA ; LE ' '
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. "I
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG prica paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 416, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
. ¦ _,__*. OXj ?yj? s :^ .'.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAMTED--FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, springs. Lake County, see boss
here $25
2 waitresses, watering resort, eouth, fare one
way 3&S& $20
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, fare paid.. $25
30 waitresses, springs, summer resorts. $20-$25
Head waitress, Los Angeles, no Sunday work,
must understand arm and check work, choice
place • $40
Head waitress, choice place, city ....$40
Girl to wash silver and glasses, springs.. S20
Pantry woman, springs $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook for men on fruit ranch, $20; woman
with a child, country place, fare paid, $15;
2 housegirls, same country place, $20 each,
fare paid; many other places for cooks, house-
Elrls. second girls, nursegirls, city and coun-
try. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush St.,
opposite California Hotel, between Kearny
st. and Grant ave.
MISS ANNIE MAGINNIS and MISS SUSIE
SERODA kindly eend address or call on C.
. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush St., opposite
California Hotel, between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.
A — WANTED— 2 chambermaids to assist wait-
Ing one meal, nice summer resort short dis-
tance, $20 each. Apply C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 429 Bush St., opposite California Hotel,
between Kearny st. and Grant ave.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, first-class reeort, $35, see
party here; 2 waitresses, springs, $25, very
choice place; 2 waitresses, mountains, $25,
fare one way; 3 waitresses. Lake County,
$20, fare both ways; 4 waitresses, first-class
resort, near city, $25, see party here; 6 wait-
resses, different commercial hotels, $25; 10
waitresses, city, $25 and $20; 2 lunch wait-
resses, $3 50, no Sunday work; 6 extra wait-
resses, $1 50 day; woman dishwasher, $6, no
Sunday work. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary.
WANTED — Cook for Oakland, $30; 4 waitresses
for springs, $20-$25; 4 second girls. $25, city
and country; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7-$8r
waitress for mining camp. $25; laundress,
$35; 3 cooks, German style, $30; cook, sum-
mer resort, $40; 2 head waitresses, $25-$35;
10 waitresses for family hotel, city, $20- $25;
2 kitchen helpers for private families, coun-
try, $25: 2 laundresses for springs, $50; girl
for all > kinds of housework at $20-$25-$30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
A— LAUNDRESS, $30: cook. $30; seamstress
and chambermaid, ?25; <housegirl, two in
family, country. $30; a woman to cook for
family of 2 in the Mission, must sleep home,
$20; young girl for light housework, 2 In
family, $15; second girl, $25. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
A SECOND girl for two in family; $30; see
lady here to-day. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st. , ..
A WAITRESS for resort, $25; 10 waitresses for
commercial hotel in country, $25 each; 10
waitresses for city places, $20 each. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Butter St., near Powell.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SBW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS and a number of bright girls
will be taken for instruction on overalls, with
a stated amount guaranteed to beginners.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts.
WANTED— Two bright women to form a part-
nership and manage business at Denver;
splendid paying: proposition. Address MRS.
L. REDSTON, 421 Powell st.
FORELADY wanted for shirt factory in city;
one having the thorough knowledge of mak-
ing up shirts. Apply, stating experience,
A. B.. box 298, Call office.
WANTED— Healthy young girl to assist with
light housework and care of baby. Please call
3674 Sixteenth st. ;
YOUNG lady to assist, with housework and 2
children; fair wages. Call- 1 Belcher court,
011 14th st., bet. Church and Sanchez.
LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers., EAGLE-
SON & CO., 535 Market st. :
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 272%
Stevenson St.. bet. Third and Fourth.
YOUNG girl for general housework; no cook-
Ing; small; family. 1831 Eddy st. -.
CHOCOLATE dipper wanted. Apply at TOWN-
SEND' S. 639 Market st.
WANTED — Conscientious, reliable woman to
I help push new business. Box 292, Call.
GIRL to wait at table 10 to 4 p. m. ; no Sunday
work. 514 Central ave.. near Hayes st.
WANTED — Bright woman; good talker; lucra-
tlve. Box 301. Call office. . r
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants: 101
Kearny. st. " ' • ".--',•¦ ' - . I
furnace men. quicksilver mine, $75; 20 drill-
ers, $2 to $2 50.
MECHANICAL
Lists ready at 7 a. m. every day
Pattern maker Blacksmiths
Mason for granite work $5 day, country
House sainter, country $3 day
Pattern maker, country machine shop, $3 50
to $4 day blacksmith, camp, near city, $90;
blacksmith, small country shop, $40 and
found; blacksmith, sawmill; 10 blacksmiths,
camps, shops and ranches; 2' brick mold-
er s; edgerman, sawmill, $3 day; call for a
list of Jobs
LABORERS
TEAMSTERS
20 laborers, factory, near city, $26 and found;
5 laborers, dig ditches, large ranch. $30;
457 laborers, city and country, $2 to $75 and
found; teamster, mine, see boss here; 79 team-
sters, different Jobs, city and country, $2,
$2 60, $30 to $40 and found; 10 teamsters,
fare 25c. $60
MISCELLANEOUS
Man to work around milk depot, city, $25
and fd.: stableman, lumber company, coun-
try, S30 and fd.; boy to learn machinist
trade, city; sheepherder, $30 and fd. ; man
for coal yard, city; 3 brick wheelers,
brick yard; Janitor, city, hotel; 3 laborers,
factory, city; 3 milk wagon drivers, city;
7 stablemen, city and country stables, $35
and $40 and found, eto
SAWMILLS
...REMEMBER WE PAY YOUR FARES...
AND SHIP TO-DAY
6 laborers, sawmill, Sonoma, see boss at our
office; 479 men to work in sawmills, yards
and woods to' run machines, pile lumber and
make themselves useful; no experience re-
quired; 47 different sawmills, all parts of
California
WAGES $30 TO $65 AND FOUND
Experienced Sawmill Help
S shingle packers, $52 and found; edgerman,
see boss here, $3 day; 3 setters, see boss
here, $3 day; 10 tree fallers, $45; 15 crosscut
sawyers, $45; 8 barkers; 10 lumber graders,
$75; 2 trimmers; drag sawyer, $75 and found;
15 lumber oilers, $60, $40 and found; shingle
saw filer, see boss here, $75 and fd
FARMS HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
DAIRIES CHOREMEN
325 men to work In the hay and harvest
fields, run mowers, etc; wages $1 25, $1 60
and $2 day and found
47 farmers, steady Jobs year around, $30 and
$35 and found
140 men for fruit farms
73 milkers, $40 and $35 and found; 3 cheese
and butter makers; choreman, private place,
$30 and found; 25 choremen and boys,
ranches and private places; milker and. wife,
see boss here, $45 and found; farmer and
wife, fare 50c, see boss here, $45 and found.
HOTELS. ETC
Cook, country hotel, $60 and fd. ; polisher,
steam laundry, country, $12 week; porter
and tend bar, country hotel, $25 and fd.;
head waiter, country hotel, . $35 and fd.
Camp cooks Ranch cooks
9 ranch cooks, $25, $30 and $40 and found ;
2 cooks for boats; cook for dredger, 5 men,
$30 and found : 3 cooks for hay press crews.
$30; cook, hotel, south, see boss here, $45 and
found; 19 cooks, other Jobs, city and country.
$35, $40 and $50; 24 waiters, city and coun-
try, $25, $35 and $40: camp waiter, $25, city;
2 waiters, boat; 3 cake bakers; 3 bread bak-
ers; 27 dishwashers, kitchen hands, etc.;
butcher, country shop.
WHY
Should you get your Jobs from us?
BECAUSE
We have the most work to select from, best
Jobs and biggest wages.
Get one of our lists 7 a. m.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
THREE ranch blacksmiths. $40; wheelwright,
$40 and board; 4 coal miners; 4 blacksmith
helpers, $2 to $2 25 day; blacksmith. $2 50
• day; carriage maker. $3 to $4 day; carriage
painters, $2 to $3 50 day; harnessmaker; 5
carpenters, $3 50 to $4 day; boy • for paint
shop. $4 week and Increase; 3 young men for
laundry. $7 week; polisher, country laundry,
$12 week; carriage setter for mill, $3 day:
100 laborers for mills, mines and pick, and
shovel work at good wages; 10 laborers for
country, $2 day, free fare : woodchoppers,
$2 50 cord, and many others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
PORTER and choreman about hotel. $20 and
found; camp cook, $55; 2 boarding-house
cooks, $40; restaurant cooks, $60 and $70:
ranch cook, $20; pastry cook, country hotel.
$45 and found; hotel second , cook, $40; hotel
waiters, country, $30; dishwashers, lunch
waiters, lunch cooks and .others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. '
COACHMAN. $35; 2 men about place, $25 and
, $30; gardener. $35; 3 choremen. $25 and $30;
florist, $30;. men for haying, • .$1 50 day;
farmers, steady work, $25 and $30; ranch
teamsters, $1 50 day; farmer and wife, $50;
man and wife, private family, $50; driver for
milk wagon, $40 and Increase; stableman,
, horse ranch, $25; 2 milkers and wives, $45;
milkers. $30 and $35, and 2 can washers, $30
and $40. and others. J. F. GROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 429 Bush St.,
. bet. . Kearny and Grant ave.
¦ Opposite California Hotel.
FREE FARE. .FREE FARE
New Railroad Work.
FOR NEVADA.
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and
scrapholders and loaders and concrete men,
$2 and $2 25 a day
FOR CHATS WORTH PARK.
600 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and outside
laborers.. $1 75 to. $2 a day
SHIP TO-NIGHT. -
Free fare. Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO... .429 Bush st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton at. — Washer for
laundry, country; coachman, $35; barkeeper,
•country, $30; man to milk cows on a vine-
yard, $25: man for. private place 1 , $20; assist-
ant butcher, flrst-class country hotel, $35;
elevator boy, $15. to $20; waiter, $10 a week;
waiter, near city, $40; -dishwasher, country,
$20; man to milk and wash dishes. ¦
TWO bus men, first-class hotel, $25. MRS.
M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st. " -.- ¦- ,
PORTER for rooming-house. ' $30 and room
MRS. M. E, DAY. 335 Geary st. , - . .
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Chef, $75; waiter, $30; night clerk, $25; fire-
man for laundry, $25: clerk, $15. ..•'¦.
FIRST-CLASS butler, 2 in family, $50. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
$60 — GOOD chance for a steady man; cigar
store; cheap rent; no night work; full value
given In stock at wholesale price. Inquire
257 Fourth St., near Folsom.
WANTED— Steady man with fl50 for plain
light business that will easily pay $75 per
month; must be reliable and attend strictly
to business. 765 Market st, room 3.
WANTED— Reliable, active young man; part-
ner in mercantile lunch business; best loca-
tion; elegantly fitted up; $125 required. Ap-
ply P. S. DE LUCA, 318 Kearny st.
SALESMAN to handle good line of clears as
side line; country or city; good proposition
. to right party. Box 296, Call.
EXPERIENCED boy wanted to feed printing
pres3. MERRILL, DETTNER & WILSON,
415 Market st.
BOY wanted by wholesale house; must start
with delivering packages; steady position;
state age and references. Box 212, Call.
WANTED— Boy about 14 for office. Apply with
references room 11. 320 California St., 8
o'clock Thursday morning. ¦
BARBER shop for sale; first-class, up-to-date
modern furniture: centrally located. Sec-
Barbers' Union, Spreckels bldg.. 925 Market.
ACTIVE young man with some experience as
assistant in drafting room; state experience
and terms. Box 305, Call office.
WANTED— A good blacksmith and wood-
worker. Apply to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth
and 'Vermont sts.
YOUNG man to care of elevator; must have
references! Call Bohemian Club, Post and
Grant ave.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
TWO bushelmen wanted; steady Job; good
. wages. PAUSON & CO.. 200 Kearny st.
PRESSER wanted. PAUSON & CO. 200 Kear-
ny st.
CARRIAGE trimmer for country. Apply
CHAS. W. STEIN Sc SONS. 265 Stevenson.
STEADY man with $100 cash can make $75
month year around. Apply 268 Minna st.
YOUNG man to wash few dishes and carry
trays; $5 week. 523 Pacific st.
PORTER wanted; waeres $40 per month. Ap-
ply at Friedlander Hat Co., 323 Pine st.
WAITERS, cooks, porters, kitchen help for
restaurants; no fee. 626 Montgomery st.
WANTED — First-class gang edgerman and a
• steam feed sawyer. Box 211, Call.
WANTED — A barber; steady for Saturdays
and Sundays. 1308 Howard st.
WANTED — A bootblack. Barber shop, 102
Geary st.
ERRAND boy; must also make himself useful
in store. 535 Valencia st.
NIGHT cashier to make himself useful. 29
Stockton st.
MEN wanted at 1155 Market st. to buy United
Workingmen's $3 50 shoes at $1 60.
$25 — MAN take Interest light manufacturing
business; $50 month. 737 Howard, room 64.
SOLICITOR for merchant tailor; wages or com-
mission. 1125 Market st., bet. 7th and 8th.
YOUNG man with experience pn small presses;
steady Job If suit. 364 Hayes st.
$45 — CIGAR store; well stocked; must be sold
this week; good bargain. Call at 622 Fourth.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. -1st and 2d sts.
AN experienced solicitor of good address, sober
and honest, for tea, coffee and wine business
as partner; $300-$500 required. Box 283, Call.
WANTED — Basters on coats. S. N. WOOD &
CO., 27 Geary St.
WANTED — Good bushelman. S. N. WOOD &
CO., 27 Geary st.
PANTS maker for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter St.
WANTED — Young, steady, sober. Industrious
seafaring men to work at ship rigging. Apply
to 46 Steuart st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 211 Scott st. "
WANTED— A porter. Apply 1837 Flllmore st
bet. Bush and Sutter. bet. 1 and 5 p. m.
WANTED — Locksmith or a viee hand. 1706
Dwight way. Berkeley, .Cal.
TO let — For barber shop; rent cheap. Inquire
408 Folsom st.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY, 241 3d.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box 213, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
. months; constant practice and expert Instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special Inducements this
¦ month. Molcr System College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Bright,, trustworthy man of good
address as partner for plain office work'; $250
' cash required. Call 318 Kearny st.. room 1.
BOOKKEEPER — Produce commission; flrst-
- class man; state salary, experience. Address
box 274. Call office.
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
with towels. 40c per 100. Yosemlte Towel
/ Supply Co.. 708 McAllister; phone Kate 26.
WANTED by Master Plasters' Association—
Union lathers, $2 60 per M. Box 18. Build-
ers' Exchange, 1110% Broadway. Oakland.
COACH body maker at O'BRIEN'S. Golden
Gate ave. and Polk st.
WANTED — Man who understands the florist
¦ business. 500 Halght st.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40 Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
116 Front «t.
LOST— $5 reward, cocker spaniel, whit* and
brown; our pet; has collar and tag. 455
Seventh St.. Oakland. GEO. H. LEE.
LOST — At ferries, lady's purse; If overland
tickets are returned no questions asked.
P'ORLAN CIE. 401 Powell st.
LOST — On Monday morning's train bet. Santa
Rosa and San Francisco, one solitaire dia-
mond Tins and one diamond and ruby ring;
liberal reward. 907 Market st.
LOST — Juno 2, from Ashby station Berkeley a
sorrel horse; when lost had halter with chain
attached to it. Address 1426 Howard st.
LOST — On Market St., lady's barpin; 3 pearls,
2 black. 1 white. Liberal reward for the re-
turn at 154 Eddy st.
IN Mill Valley, collie dog, brown, with white
legs, neck and breast. Return to 3441 Twen-
tieth St.. city; reward.
LOST— Ladies' gold watch and pin; Initials
M. S. P. 1003 Noe st.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
¦Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch casts.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass. Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 721 Mission: tel.Maln 730.
_; MEDICAL.
ALL former patients of Mra. Dr. Gwyer will tM
glad to know she has returned to San Fran-
cisco and opened offices for the successful
treatment of suffering humanity; those con-
sulting her will be assured of careful and
honest treatment; consultation and advica
free; private home for patients; offlc« hour«
10 to 12 a. m., 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sun-
days by appointment only; phona Jessla 2131.
Entrances to offices, rooms 25 to 28, 1504
Market st.. City Hall square and City HaU
park; over Good Fellows' Grotto.
A — DR. O*D0NNELL, world-renowned special.
1st. — Ladies, all who ars sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have rplieved thousands of most obstlnat*
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NKLL, office & residence, 1018 Mkt., op. 5to.
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises tha
most important of modern principles In treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladles, all
who are sick or In trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
noraml results; fee low. 1007% Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, rellabla ladies*
specialist; instant relief aruaranteed; homa la
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
1008% Market St.. opp. 6th and nr. PowelL
MRS. DR. WTETH — Well-known ladles' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home la
confinement. Moved to 728 Post St.. nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
Ist; maternity hospital; home for Infant*
free; fee low. 118 Eddy st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical cara; low feeaL
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe &. sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
LADIES— "Neverfale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1128 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st., opposita
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
MILLINERY.
$500 — ESTABLISHED millinery business, stock
and fixtures If sold Immediately. Apply
room 336. Phelan building.
MIXES AM* MINING.
SMALL gold mine, with mill; will pay from
i the start: only small capital required; easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. 137
Montgomery St.. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mcln-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
LADY'S evening dress, silk, never worn, death,
cost $85. for $50; 2%- karat diamond stud, 5-
stone diamond ring, gloves, laces, fans, lin-
en and ladles' furnishings till Thursday
night. 102 Ellis st., cor. Powell, room 38.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS. '. ~ 1
750 to 1000 new & second-hand tents to rent
and. for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'S
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co., 208 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. eyS>
EAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th»
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new cost
$250, for $90 cash; bust 38; a rare bargain:
none better made. 10 Sixth st.
FOR sale — Double seated surrey, good as new:
,very reasonable. Inquire at 214 Ashbury st .
near Hayes.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FINE speaking parrot for sale. 2427 Folsom
street.
LUMBER and firewood. 823 Folsom st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia St.. cor. 18th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter* (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montr- y*,CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
A ear-load of Call Superior
Atlaaea ltaa arrived and they
are novr ready for dlitrlbn
tlon. All subscriber* to The
Call are entitled to a copy ot
thla great boolc at the prem
ium rate of fl SO. Out ol
town subscribers dealrlna- m
copy of this splendid prem
ium will be supplied on re
ceipt of $1 SO. All mail
orders will be shipped by ex
press at subscriber's expense.
WEDNESDAY. Jane 4—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld_A«J»
Alpha 02 OSjpstfc* <& &
Alt* 06 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes ....... 02 03 Lady Wash.. — 04
Belcher 04 05 Mexican .... 83 63
Best & Belca .15 16 Occidental ... 20 21
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr j 23 1 30
Caledonia ... 75 78 Overman .... 25 28
Challenge Con 15 17lPotosl 29 30
Chollar .13 16 Savage 14 13
Confidence ••« 60 60 Scorpion .... — 0*
CCA Va. . .X 40 1 45 Sea; Belcher . 03 04
Con Imperial. — ' 02 Sierra Nev ..18 20
Con NT... — 02 Silver Hill .. 43 4»
Crown Point.. 05 06, St Louis .... 06
Eureka Con.. 18 — ; Syndicate ... 07
Exchequer ..01 02 Union Ooa ..24 23
Gould A Cur. 11 12 Utah 01 03
Hale A Nor. 37 40 r Yellow Jacket 20 22
Julia — 04'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Continued From Pago Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
HOTEL ARRIVALS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G B Mortman. S Jose , f
G W Allen, Selma )
H C Webb. Chicago I
G W Conden & w. Cal J
A Benois & w, Sacto ]
Miss BenoU. Sacto I.
G H Hazelton, Sydney .
K H Brick & w. Seattl I
R Harrison, S Diego '
Miss Samuelson, 6 Dgo .
Mrs Samuelson. S Dgo ,
H Samuelson. S Diego j<
J D Quald. S Brnrdno J
C E Lowe, Colo Spgs 1
O Tucker, Ind i
C Hecht Jersey City 1
|S Bissonett Sacto
Miss M Pedrotte.S Ra»
Miss L Musclo.S Rosa
H E Walls, Wash, D C
H 8 Flnley, Wash. X> O
|J T Serpa. New York
|J H Bard. Los Ang
C M Schroeder, Pa
T H Baldwin, Prescott
J A Godfrey. Sa Rafael
J C McKittrlc*. Texa»
jG R Horton, Liverpool
M A Minch. Vanoouvy
B Robinson & w, Reno
S Larsen & w. Reno
E B N Crenta, Chcgo
REDDING, June 4.— The will of the lata
merchant William L. . Smith was opened
to-day and It was found that the entiro
estate, estimated at $113,000, was left to
his favorite niece, Mrs. A. G. Boggs, with,
whom he lived. All other nieces and
nephews are mentioned, but receiva
nothing'.
Mrs. Maggie McKlnney, who was
Smith's close friend for thirty years, is
not mentioned. Sha rays they .were to
have been married - when circumstances
would permit and that she has pledges
which entitle her to a large shar© of tha
estate. She will at once begin a legal
battle, which will be bitterly resisted.
PROBABLE CONTEST OVEK
DEAD MERCHANT'S ESTATE
Mrs. McKinney Not Mentioned in tha
Will of William L. Smith.
of Bedding.
a corporation. Its profits are expended In
the care of its cemetery and buildings. It
will never refuse to bury (If permitted to do
so in its own cemetery) or incinerate a body
If it would distress the living to pay the ex
pense.
As a rule, undertaken discourage crema
tion. We encourage It and believe that cre
mation funerals should be conducted by
friends of cremation. Therefore we built at
No. 420 Golden Gata avenue a place from
whence we Intend to conduct funerals ending:
In cremation.
.We are ready for business. We notified a
carriage company that wa wanted hacks to
go to a funeral at our crematory. We could
not get them. The Stablekeepers' and Hack
owners' Association had passed resolutions
not to drive at our funerals unless we be
longed to the Funeral Directors' Association.
Our manager applied for admission to tha
Funeral Directors' Association of San Fran
cUco and Alameda counties, but was re
jected.
Now, to avoid a boycott over the disposi
tion of the dead, wa declare that we intend
to carry on cremation and prepare bodies for
it. and our patrons will realize a great sav
ing in general expenses, such as. the cost of
cemetery lots, caskets, metallic and. other
useless ornamentation.
1st — We Intend. If we can hlr» them, to
use Dublic hacks only.
2d. — Wa will not own hacks, if we can
hire them.
3d. — We own hearses and horses, but will
house them In any stable that will take cans
of them.
4th. — We will employ union drivers only.
5th. — We will pay union wages to every
person In our employ.
6th. — We will cremate all bodies delivered
to us by undertakers.
7th. — We will not conduct a funeral ending
In Interment
8th. — As to the past: Our crematory, col
umbarium, building on Golden Gate avenue,
•were erected by and stone work In our ceme
tery done by union labor, and we propose to
continue along the same lines. If the Influ
ence of -the Funeral Directors of San Fran»
Cisco do not prevent It
Oth. — Our charges for cremation: Adults,
$25; children under 15 years of age, $13.
Respectfully yours,
THE ODD FELLOWS' CEMETERY AS
SOCIATION.
J. F. COWDERY. Vice President
GEO. R. FLETCHER. Manager.
Attest: GEO. PENLINGTON. Secretary.
TO THE FRIENDS OF CREMATION AND
LABOR UNIONS.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association la
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1902.
13
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR SALE.
,- . . ='
AUCTION SALE*
TO-DAY,
THURSDAY. , '
197 LOTS ON
ASHBURY ST.,
CLAYTON ST.,
SIXTEENTH ST.,
TREMONT AVE..
FOR
SUTRO ESTATE
AT OUR
OFFICE,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. • -
i mzz
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
A CHOICE INVESTMENT
LEAVENWORTH ST.. 6 FLATS
Will always keep rented, as It Is within an
easy and level walking distance to town. A
fine buy.
CHEAP RESIDENCE.
Fillmore Bt. In fine residence location; two-
story bay-window of about 10 rooms and bath
LOT 32 BY 105. , '
Street work all done; cars passing: price
$10,000.
MARINE VIEW CORNER LOT.
34x137:6;- fine corner, near Broadway and
Flllmore st; cheap.
J. L. COOKE.. 26 Montgomery st.J. L. COOKH
San Francisco
...Great Bargains, Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
All sizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity.
Secure a home.
Special Bargains ....Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can get it cheap. . '
Leave your address with me
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
. .Small outlay of. money which will •
purchase you a home.
Don't forget to call on or
address J. L. COOKE,
20 Montgomery st, San Frandeco.
Cut this out and save address.
5-ROOM cottage. $400 cash. 3504 Mission at
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Saler
— — FOR SALE NEAR~SAN FRANCISCO—^
Small tracts, $60 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. AddIv
to The Cotati Co., 302 California st, for
pamphlets and Information.
FARMS, ranches, citv and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands In
large and small tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Mln-
lng Co., 713 Market, r. 406: tel. James 4121.
Write Wells, Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
list of bargains. In fruit and chicken ranches.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster, Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges tim-
ber, mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITO Land and Ferry Company offers
at low prices and easy terms lots, blocks
I acres and villa sites, choice suburban homes
and business property; 30 minutes from San
I Francisco; climate and scenery superb; can't
I be excelled; call on the agent for particulars
I THOMAS McMAHON. 323 Montgomery st
or at office of company, Sausalito
I '¦ .»
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$5000 — FOR aale, near Haywards7"Ib-acre~7rult
farm.- modern Improvements; would exchange
for improved residence property and some
money, in San Francisco or Oakland. Owner
.2926 Sixteenth st., San Francisco. * /
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty, 1 of the finest ranches In Sonoma Valley
Ada. R. Clark, Agua Callente, Sonoma Valley.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
OFFICIAL map of the City of Richmond mailed
free. RICHMOND LAND CO. Inc room
182. Crocker but'rl'"ir San Francisco.
ALAMEDA A)>u-.dMMENTS.
RST4TE.
FORECLOSURE and Estate Properties for Sale
See .tho Alameda Land Company.
$4500 — The cheapest piece of property ever of-
fered in Alameda; fine home; 8 rooms
¦ and bath; lot 62x150; between Chestnut
and Morton-st. stations; a snap. .
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st. Alameda,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
_ j
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MODERN 6-room house in a choice locality
only one block from the electric cars and 2
blocks from the station; lot 60x135; number
of fruit trees and beautiful flower garden-
street work all. done; this is a bargain; price
$2100; terms to suit. HOME REALTY CO
Good 5-room cottage on a large lot, 3 blocks
from the station; street work all done- good
locality; beautiful flower garden; price $l«00'
very easy terms; look this up. • . • '
HOME REALTY CO
New up-to-date house of 8 rooms with "all
the latest conveniences; best locality |n
Berkeley; street work all done; 1 block from
the car line; must be seen to be fully appre-
ciated; price $2500.. For terms apply at the
office. HOME REALTY CO
New colonial house of 6 large rooms bath.
etc.; everything up to date; 2 .blocks from
the station; nice surroundings ; price $2200-
$100 down, balance $20 per month. '
HOME REALTY CO.
J. R. PERKINS & H. W. CARRIGER.Mgrs
Open Sundays. Lorin Station, Berkeley, Cal.
STOP PAYING RENT. ¦ •• .. \ T7~. ".
. OWN YOUR OWN HOME
Our plan enables you to buy your own lot
where you please, build according to your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan "offered by the Berkeley
ff Equitable Building Association Is the easiest
and best plan ever Introduced to the public
See our tables and convince yourself; only $8
per month pays for your home; no interest
Home office at 2131 Stanford place, Berkeley
Branch office Lorin P. O., and room 39 Ne-
vada block; San Francisco. W. C. MORAN
secretary and manager. Agents wanted. '
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience bath
etc; easy payments. k MURDOCK, 514 Pine!
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent*
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
_^ PERSOXALS.
IT is not claimed that Viavl can cure the in-
curable, but thousands of women who had
given up all hope of ever obtaining relief
have been restored to health and strength by
the Viavl treatment; booklet for mothers and
daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co., 2301
Van Ness ave., San Francisco; phone East
282. ¦
IF you hair Is falling, send for DR. G. S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow.on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or send for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell St., S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
tt, between Seventh and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor made suits, skirts,
thirl waists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
suits, overcoats, hats; call, open- account at
our new store. C. F. ADAMS CO., 31S Mason.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rues, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth St., Oakland.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hctel, 44 Third st, near. Market; 700 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each.;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1S.39 Polk st. S. F. ; consultation free.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co., 140 Geary st, S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD fc ROMAN'S, Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2,
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer good3. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
AT lees than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
LIQUOR habit— A new, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box 552. San Jose, Cal. • •_
MT hairdressing is acknowledged to be the
very best: 25c for any style. G. LEDERER,
123 Stockton _et
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A B. HODGDON, contract lather, S5 Ninth st,
or 915 Market st. ; work done quick and well.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs. Cook, 426 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured: no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelitv Rupture Cure. 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothine Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric light baths", massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mj-s.Traverse,1170Market
ALFREDUMS Esryptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
OXE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25cp all tiruirpists.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
A TRUSTWORTHY house for papering and
tinting-. Hartman 1'aint Co.. 319 Third st
REAL ESTATE CITY—FOR SALE.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.. opp Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
SELECTED BARGAINS.
$C7.500 — Brick building, stores and offices; lot
70x108; two frontages; rents $575.
$50,000 — O'Farrell-st. corner; inside of Larkin;
70x77:6; rents $285; mortgage, $21,000,
can remain.
$35,000 — McAllister-st corner: 85x98; good Im-
provements; rents $220; east of La-
guna street
$35,000 — Sansomerst. corner; 70x130; rents $257.
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6
flats; building cost $25,000; lot C8:9x'
71; rents $2450 per year.
$30,000 — Geary St.. near Jones; fine Improve-
ments ; rents ?185.
$25,000 — 70x100, and decant residence of 21
rooms; suitable for sanitarium or
boarding-house; opposite plaza.
$22,500 — North Beach gore corner; 75x110;
6tores and flats; rent $215.
$20,500 — O'Farrell-st. investment; east of
Leavenworth: lot 34:4x137:6; fine site
for apartment or lodging-house.
$18,000 — Ellis st, near Larkin; 2 frontages;
rents J140. •
$16,000 — Sansome-st. investment; 45-foot front-
age; want offer.
$12.500 — Three new flats; close to Park Pan-
handle: rents 3112 50.
$9,500 — Rents ?103; lot 50x80; down-town in-
vestment
$5,500 — Geary-st corner: 62 feet frontage; half
of property Improved;- a cheap buy.
$5,500 — Six flats; rents ?58; close to Market
and 7th; pays about 14 per cent ret
SPECK^A CO.. 667 Market st .
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
No one can beat our offerings.
$500 to 51000— Graded Sunset lots; $16
monthly.
$100 to $450 — Ocean Boulevard lots; $5
monthly.
$100 to $800 — Richmond lots; all bargains.
Sunset Branch Office — Ninth ave., near H st.
$150 AND $250 EACH.
Don't miss seeing our Excelsior Homestead
lots; near Misslon-st. electric cars.
Level; no grading; Spring Valley water.
Ride to corner Mission st and China or
Brazil aves.
$1000, $1500 to $3000 — Modern cottages; best
locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54. Chronicle building.
ONLY $1675 — Choice Western Addition corner;
very chtap; 25x100; Webster and Filbert sts.;
fine lot to improve; store and flats; $100 down;
monthly or quarterly payments; Union Is the
next street; not a house vacant for blocks;
street work all done; electric cars will pass
in front; good way to save money and get a
home. W. J. GUNN, 530 California at, bef
Kearny and Montgomery (Savings Union
bldg.)
W. J. GUNN 530 California et (Savings Union
building), bet Montgomery and Kearny sts.
Only $3175 — New residence; very cheap;
easy terms; / $575 down; payments same an
rent; on north or sunny eide of street; choice
location: all new houses; everything sold or,
rented; Western Addition, near Broderick st; i
fine marine view; 5 rooms and bathroom; '
house wired for electricity; large unfinished
basement, butler's pantry, large x closets;
stone pavement; street bltumlnlzed; a great
bargain; lot 25x107:6; key at office; get your
home; the Installments will pay for the
house that you would pay for rent; this prop-
rty will be cheap at $4000 within a year. W
J. GUNN, 530 California st '
A. E. BUCKINGHAM... REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery st, room 11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$50.000 — Fine 87:6 feet Turk-st corner; well
In; modern building; will pay big
$43,500— Cor. 50-vara;, Turk; 8 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, flats etc
110,000 — Webster, nr. Washington; 60-ft fronts
suitable for physician.
$10,000 — 3 sunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park; grand view; rents $105.
$2,375 — Cheap; north side Clay st. near Lyon-
fine adjoining lot 27:6x100, for $3000
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery, room
1L Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave. '
PRICE $4500 — House 7 rooms; lot 25x124:7;
marine view; sanitary plumbing; every room
sunny; Octavla st. between Vallejo and
Green. Address Owner, box 207, Call office.
i JUST completed — New up-to-date flats of 5 and
6 rooms, on Carl St., bet. Stanyan and W1I-
lard. Apply to P. J. DONAHUE, 164 Preclta
avenue. ¦ *____ ¦ ¦
£2400 — SMALL downtown Investment; always
rented. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^UN¥1ll7^SEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
¦ Webster Typewriter Inapec. Co/;209 Sansome.
TYI'jEVy-RITING & MiaiEOGHAPHiai G.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c;mim-
eographing. 927 Markt, rm.305; Howard 1539.
piVIDEyD NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Schuetzen Club Park and Build-
ing Association — A dividend of 25 cents per
j share on the capital stock of above associa-
tion has been declared, payable on and after
June 19, 1002, at the ofnee o% the treasurer,
L. J. REUBOLD, 312 Bush at Transfer
books close June 14.
OTTO BREMER, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
- room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, June 4, li>02 — Dividend No. 201,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
• | the Contra Costa .Water Company will bo
payable at the office of said company, room
16, second floor. Mills building, on June 16,
1902. Transfer books will close on June 9,
1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY, CON.— A dividend. No. 42, of
fifty cents (50c) per share on the Issued capl-.
tal stock of the company, has been declared
payable at the office of the .company, rooms
. 202-204-206 Hayward building, San Fran-
cisco, on June 10. 1902. Transfer books close
June 3, at noon. -N ¦ •
J. R. LEAVELL. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS fcr Clothing and Equipage —
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery Street, San Francisco, Cal., May 20.
1902. — Sealed proposals In triplicate will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Friday, June 6th, 1002, Pacific Standard time,
and then opened, for furnishing Jean Draw-
; ers, Light Weight Wool Stockings, Woolen
Drawers, Campaign Hats, Regulation Muslin
Shirts, Chambray Shirts, Heavy Wool Stock-
Ings, Cotton Undershirts, Wool Undershirts,
Light Weight Collarettes and Wool Under-
shirts, Heavy Weight Collarettes, Russet
Shoes, Black CaKdkin Shoes, Waist Belts,
Linen Collars and Ponchos. Quantities to be
subject to an increase of 20 per cent, if desir-
ed by this Department. Bids will be opened
1 for the delivery Of the same articles at
J either the San Francisco, Boston, Chicago and
Philadelphia depots. To avoid misunder-
standing as to the exact nature of the ar-
ticles to be furnished. , bidders will carefully
examine the standard samples and specifi-
. cations, so that proposals may be submitted
by them with a full knowledge of what will
be required, as an absolute compliance with
the standards and -specifications will/ be in-
' sisted upon in the inspection of the goods.
Unguaranteed bids, and bids upon samples
differing- from standards and specifications,
will, under no circumstances, be entertained.
Proposals for less quantities than advertised
for will be entertained. Bids for delivery or
Inspection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early deliver-
ies are essential. Bidders must state In their
proposals the rate and time of delivery,
should contract be awarded to them. The
articles advertised for are the same for
which bids will be opened at the other de-
pots. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal, (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon) and such
preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required ty the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to accept
or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on aplication. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 4034," and addressed to Major C. P.
Miller, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley-
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men: Notice Is- hereby given to all con-
cerned that sealed proposals or bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials necessary to the erec-
tion of an addition to the Bacon Art Gallery
and Library building on the grounds of the
University of California at' Berkeley, ' Ala-
meda County, California, and said bids or
proposals will be received at the office of the
Board of Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of the 6th day of
June, 1902. And notice is hereby further
given that the plans and specifications of
paid building have been made and adopted
and are placed in above-named office, where
the same may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
S. m. from this date until said 6th day of
une, 1902. No bids or proposals will be
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that If said bid or uroposal shall be accepted
the party proposing will duly enter Into a
proper contract to faithfully nerform the
duty and obligations In accordance With said
' proposal, and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved.
This notice Is given pursuant to an act en-
titled,, "An act to amend an act entitled,"'
'Ah act to create and organize the University
of California,' approved March 25, 1868, and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 28, 1872, relating to the con-
. struction of buildings," approved March 3,
1897. '
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents
W. A. McKOWEN, Acting Secretary.
BIDS wanted—^Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m
SATURDAY, June 14, 1902, and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
• tion Yountville). for six months, commencing
July 1. 1902, and ending December 81, 1902
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
' Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the" Board of Direct-
org. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary?
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks
Wash., May .30, 1902. — Sealed proposals in
triplicate, will be received at the office of
the Depot Quartermaster, Portland, Oregon,
until 2:30 p. m., June 19, 1902, and then
opened, for the construction of a steamboat
In accordance with the plans and specifica-
tions on file In the Depot Quartermaster's
Office at Portland where full information
will be furnished. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked: "Proposals for
Steamboat," and addressed W. A. BETHEL,
Q. M.
MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
George A. de Leon. 21, Stockton, and Lillle
Bottcrs, 21, 2012 Larkin street.
Laurence A. Helner, 28, Redwood Olty, and
Laura C. Bettannier, 24, city.
Charles M. Chappell, 24, 8032A Sixteenth
street, and Mae F. Davidson, 22, 3032 A Six-
teenth street.
Herbert G. Balnes. 31, 827 Day street, and
Bertha L. H. Peters, 26, Penn Grove.
Charles Lindecker, 28, 790 Folsom street, and
Mary A. McNulty, 18, 364 Jessie street.
John S. Waybright, 28, 650 O'Farrell street,
and Lenore I. Whitmore, 20, 802 Ellis street
Eugene P. McMurtry, 25, 695 Geary street,
and Irene M. Podesta, 20, 36 Joyce street.
Paul H. Holmes, 22, 2036 Leavenworth
street, and Anna V. B. Ruasl, 20, Colma,
George H. Hughes, 57, city, and Bessie
Guest, 45, Chicago.
Ralph E. Lo Rentz, 21, 425 Hayes street, and
Swanhilda C. Marshall, 20, 1124 Hampshire st
Edwin Breves, 21, 120 A O'Farrell street, and
Maemle L. Noonan, 21, Oakland. > .
Edward J. Craig, 26, city, and Esther A.
McAvoy, 23, city. •
William H. Medford, 23, 663 Pine street, and
Hazel M. Ward, 17, 663 Pine street.
Antonio Russo, 34, Black Diamond, and
Catarina Lucido, 10, Black Diamond.
Michael Nlhll, 25, city, and Catharine Lynch,
John S. Cook, 82, Yreka, and Florida Carr,
21 city. *
Gianbatlsta Rizzo, 85, 1031 Montgomery
street, and Maria Rizzo, 21, 1031 Montgomery
street. ____
llRTHS-MRBMES-DEATHS,
¦ Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not bo Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
OSTERLOH — In this city. May 27, 1902, to the
wife of Fred Osterloh, a daughter. -
McCORMICK—In this "city, June 4, 1903, to
the wife of Peter J. McCormick, a daughter.
McNEIL— In this city, June 4, 1002,- to tha
wife of William McNeil, a daughter. ¦.-¦>
MILLER— In this city. May 23, 1002, to the
, wife of Emil H. Miller, a son.
MABRIED.
LESSMAN— PINTO— In this city. May T, 1902.
' by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Isaac Lessman and
. Hanorah Pinto, both of San Francisco.
MEDFORD— WARD— In ihis city, June 4.
1D02, ty the Rev. Dr. John A. B. . Wilson,
William Hardy Medford and Hazel May
Ward, both of San Francisco.
MORRIS— BARROWS— In this city. May 25.
1902. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Sam Morris
and Cora Barrows, both of San Francisco.
MORRIS— SMITH— In this city. May 25. 1002,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Edward H. Morris
and Hattie Smith of Oakland, Cal.
ROSENCRANTZ— NEWMAN — In this city.
May 25, 1902, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Sam-
uel Rosencrantz and Helene Newman, both
of San Francisco.
STREET— MILLER— In this city, June 1, 1902,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. John
Davis Street of San Francisco and Mar-
guerlte Mikels Miller of Indianapolis.
DIED.
Bacigalupl, Michael Girard, Adele
Boyce, Elizabeth I. Hackett. George
i Bronson, Frank H. ', Jacobson, Mary
Claiborne. Richard ' McGeary, John
Clot. Alblne Meyers, Eliza
Corbett. Catherine Mason, Mrs. SI A.
Cotton, Jphn K. - Murray, Denia
Cullen, William F. Noonan. Maggie J.
De Sabla, Eugene J. O'Reilly, Annie
Dooly, John M. Provost, Gustave .
Doyle, Richard Rettagllata, Luigl
Flanders. Jonathan Robertson, Mary G.
Flannery, James Rock, John B.
Flynn, Luke Schwarz, Louis
Gallagher, Wm. J.
BACIGALUPI— In this-' city, June 4, 1902,
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Henrietta
Bacigalupl, and father of Adeline. John and
Edmond Bacigalupl, a native of Italy, aged
32 years 10 months and 15 days.
BOYCE — In this city, June 3, 1902. Elizabeth
I. Boyce. beloved daughter of James and
Elizabeth Boyce, and sister of Julia, James,
Agnes. Ella, Willie, Alice, Mathew and the
late Ldrretta Boyce, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 16 years 7 months and 23 days.
BRONSON — In Larkspur, Marin County, June
4, 1902, Frank H.. dearly beloved son of
Lena and Fred Bronson. and brother of Lil-
lian E., Edward L., George W., Bernard L.
and Grace R. Bronson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years 4 month.* and 12
days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church, Twenty-first and Capp
streets. Cremation Cypress Lawn- Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of A. W. Martin &
Co., 310 O'Farrell street.
CLAIBORNE— In Oakland, June 4, 1902,
Richard, beloved husband of. Nanna Clai-
borne, a native of Danville, Va., aged 42
years 10 months and 22 days.
CLOT— In this city, June 3, 1902, Alblne Clot
(nee Combatalade), beloved wife of Camilla
Clot, mother of Louise Toulouse, and daugh-
ter of Louis Combatalade, a native of
France, aged 40 years and 6 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 710 Broadway, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame des Victoires, where
services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CORBETT— In this city, June 4, 1902, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John Cor-
bett, and dearly beloved mother of John E.
Corbett, a native of County Kilkenny, Ire-
land, aged 02 years 1 month and 3 days.
B7Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 515 Castro street, thence to the
Church of the Holy Redeemer, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COTTON— In this city, June 4. 1902, John
Knill. beloved husband of Alice J. Cotton,
' ana father of Percy J. and Ethel Cotton, a
native of England, aged 55 years 4 months
and 22 days.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1000
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Remains can be seen until 1 o'clock
Friday at his late residence, 419 Mississippi
street, near Nineteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
CULLEN— In this city. June 3, 1902. William
F., beloved husband of Maria Cullen, father
of Robert, Neil and Elton Cullen, and brother
of P. H., C. J., T. J., R. R., S. J. and M. E.
Cullen, a native of Trinity County, Califor-
nia, aged 41 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DE SABLA — In Guatemala, suddenly, Eugene
J. de Sabla Sr., formerly of San Francisco,
axed 68 years.
DOOLY— In Merced City. Cal., June 3. 1002,
John M., beloved son of Andrew and Bridget
Dooly, and brother of Frank, Thomas and
Maggie Dooly, a native of San Francisco,
aged 36 years and 11 months.
* (CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). -at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 2867 Twenty-fifth street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 0 o'clock. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOYLE — In this city, June 3, 1902, Richard
Doyle, beloved father of Rev. A. Doyle, C. S.
P., Stephen, Frank and Peter Doyle and Sis-
ters M. Fldelis and Louise, Sisters of Mercy.
CTRemalns at the parlors of St. Mary's
Hospital. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully invited to attend the mass of re-
quiem at St. Peter's Church, Alabama and
Twenty-fourth streets, at 10 o'clock Thurs-
day morning. Interment private. No flowers.
FLANDERS — In Santa Monica, Cal., May 28,
1002, Jonathan Parker Flanders, dearly be-
loved husband of Sebera Diazde Flanders,
and beloved father of Samuel J. Flanders,
Mrs. W. Hagerty and Charlie, Rose and
Louis Flanders, born In Concord, N. H., aged
76 years.
FLANNERY — In this city, June 4, 1002, James
Flannery, beloved husband of Mrs. Annie
Flannery, and father of James W. Flannery,
a native of Canada, aged 45 years. •
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
FLYNN— In this city, June 3, 1002, Luke, be-
loved husband of the late Rose Flynn, and
father of Joseph, Mary and Annie Flynn and
the late James Flynn, a native of Ireland,
aged 72 years. ; . •
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 7. at 8:30 o'clock, from the • Darlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. June 3. 1002, Wil-
liam John, beloved son of Patrick and Lizzie
Gallagher, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 day.
GIRARD— In this city, June 3, 1902, Adele
Girard, beloved wife of Paul Girard. mother
of Paul Girard. sister of Ella Szanik and
Julius Schlelmlnger, and stepmothSr of Mrs.
Laura Beatty and Eugenie .Daneri. a native
of Kls-Szebben, Hungary, aged 38 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday
June 5. 1902. at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery ave-
nue, thence to French Church of Notre Dame
des Victolres.-Bush street, for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HACKETT— In this city, June 4. 1002, George
Hackett, a native of Oakland, aged 25 years.
ETRemalns at the parlors of McFadden
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street.
JACOBSON— In this city. June 3, 1002. Mary
" Jacobson. beloved wife of Captain Henry
Jacobson. mother of Nina M., Johnnie F. and
Sarah J. Jacobson. and sister of Sarah Fall*.
a native of England, aged 54 years and 2
days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. John's
Etiscopal Church, corner Fifteenth st. and
Julian ave. Mrs. Jacobson's remains can be
eeen at her late residence, 62 Woodward
avenue, off Thirteenth street, between Mis-
sion and Valencia streets, until 1 o'clock
p. m. Thursday. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
McGEARY— In this city. June 4, 1902, John,
beloved husband of Hannah McGeary, a na-
tive of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 72
years.
{E7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend" the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 9-30
o'clock, from his late residence. 1175 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn re- '
qulem high mass will be celebrated for the '
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MASON— In this city, June 4, 1902, Mrs. S
A. Mason, late wife of Dr. J. H. Mason,"
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367. -
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
• Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor Be. Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission St., between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. '
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st, bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
MISCELL A!tEOPS K?™ n „? A - LE T7^ :ow -
LADIES' noee machine for molding the Gre-
cian beauty nose, to-day and to-morrow.
Room 3S, 1C2 Ellis et.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps wood and Iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock!
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonogrs phs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery.englnes and boilers
co to P.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2d & Brannan.
~ 1S £~ C h£ SS £ d " h S n(i T'Odern engines & boilers
bo'ight, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGJC lar.tems. new and 2d-hand moving olc-
, tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLAXEOCS WAVTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton el; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay pood cash prices for old sealskins-
fend postal; will call. Box 49C0. Call.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market st.
TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FamEworthElectrica:Wks.41S Turk.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
H^R^A^T^TuRp^YT^iOl^wJ^xa^iner'bidT
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates '.
LOANS MADE
On first and second mortgages
Life interests In estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests In real estate
Estatei in probate — Legacies
Assignment of rents
Life insurance policies
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See .HERMAN MUUPHY
C01-C02 Extminer bul'.dlng.
A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On 6econd mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate.
On estates in probate.
On legacies
NO DELAY.
f Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
AA— MANHATTAN 1 LOAN CO. (Inc.).
?:-.00.000 at 5>-2 and t! per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property:
rtcond mortgapes. life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
eecond and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bat*, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 32S Montgomery st..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
Market St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et.; phone Red 1603.
OX real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
$500,000 ENGLISH capital at low rates on Cal.
realty. 1st & 2d mtgrs.. und'vd. int. estates In
probate, notes, etc. Harper, 364 Parrott bldg.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount- lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY, 26 Montgomery et.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates: conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terfcis; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
ELFVING, C16 Examiner bldg: loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;strictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
LOWEST -rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
without removal; conflden. 935 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 8L 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
OXE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Lean Co.. 309- Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest etock. Special bargains:
3 Eteinway $95 to $2S0
2 Knabe $85 to $110
3 Weber $65 to $150
5 Hallet & Davis $80 to $165
2 Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne $40
3 Hayncs $235
1 Kittle $285
Over 0000 Heine pianos in S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabicr and 20 others. Rents and
liiPtaUiuecu ?2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.,
Heine Hall, 235-2S7 Geary st.
DURING the r.ext ten days we want to dispose
of a. number of cianoc that have been taken
in exchange, and the prico has been marked
<fi3wn en each to a point where profit is out
cf the question; bring all the money you can
spare to i>ay down and we will see th&t you
pet a bargain. The Zeno Mauvais Music Co.,
7C9 Market St.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Stein way dealers,
cor. Kearr.y and Eutter sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
way end Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS!
Eecond-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
Second hand square pianos from $30 up.
6econd-hand organs from $25 up- new up-
right pianos rrom $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
6 SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st.; Chlckering,
Mason & Hamlin, Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold iy us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850.
WANTED at once — Four square pianos suitable
for country resorts. BYRON MAUZY, 308-
310-312 Post st.
OUR nianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best In city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
ELEGANT upright piano, almost new; must be
sold at once; $155; terms. 1610% Bush.
Leaving for London compels quick sacrifice of
beautiful large S-pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
$150— ELEGANT large si*e Fischer upright.
JOS. ECHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
YOU may want a piano for rent. 6COTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 831 Market St.—
Eteck. Ex-erett, Ludwlg and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
•old at once. Room 2, 237 Geary uU
A FINE Eteinway upright, left on eale: no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
ENAP— 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights.
cropped from catalogue.(250. Bruenn,208Po»t.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and ether pianos and pipe organs. r
EX vr,?r R r I 2S vlDl 'n«. zithers, old end new. H.
MIL.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AKO STORES TO LEST.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 gts.: below Kearny st. 636 Clay St.. room 1.
DESK room and desk in large sunny front
office. 816 Market et.. room C3.
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. I* KKEnSAXRO^eAOt^i^T. 7W
Post gt.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor «t.. bet. Geary and Po«t:tel. Black 661.
__ PHYSICIANS^AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until^ured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlon free. Pra. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk, i
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball, 1073^ Market.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
. MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE,.
HOUSE, 5 rooms and bath, unfurnished, up-
stairs, 3 rooms below; in fine condition; sun
all day; large lot: stable, fruit trees; fine
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot; $17 50
per month by the year. S. H. ROBERTS,
Real Estate. Mill Valley. Cal. -
2 UNFURNISHED houses, one 5 rooms, one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascades: suitable for hotel pur-
poses; sunny; to rent by the season or year
or for sale. S.' H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley,
Cal. , . ¦ ¦
$12C0— HOUSE, 4 rooms; lot 50x150; fruit trees,
flower garden; opposite Episcopal church; 5
minutes to depot: sun all day; barsaln. S. '
H. ROBERTS, Real Estate, Mill Valley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
?2500 CASH— Monthly "payments made to suit
buyer; anything good we sell at once; this is
the best we have had to sell In a long time:
3^4 acres, more or less, of extra choice land;
a pretty good 5-room cottage, bath, pantry,
plenty closets; basement; good barn and
stable; stalls for 3 horses and cow; chicken
houses, broodery. Incubator. "Al" windmill
and large tank; water piped over place; city
. water and sewer; the assorted fruit orchard
and choice garden you must see to appreciate;
whoever gets this will have the best to be
had this side of the bay; close to electric cars
and fine public school; this is an ideal prop-
erty, sure; adjoining East Oakland; price in
full, $5850. Call or send for circular, 455 7th
St., opposite Broadway station, Oakland.
Carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Land Owner.
O AKIiAKP fi 00 .?^ TO LET. T
MARKET. 821. half block from station— Fine
Et nny rooms. .$4 and $5 per month. ¦
OAKUM) FUKNITLRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts.
FIFTH, 353 — Two double rooms, kitchen 2
beds, bath, all $20; also 2, $15; one $8 &'$4.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 512 — Large sunny front
suite for housekeeping; also other rooms.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front housekeeping suite
furnished; gas; $11; large back, $6.
MCALLISTER, 538— Large nicely fur. room;
sink, gas range, bath, laundry, phone; $10.
MCALLISTER, 637 — 8 nice, sunny rooms and
bath for two only; references.
MISSION, 1125%— Large front room for,, house-
keeping, $2 per week..) .
NICE sunny front bedroom and kitchen fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; rent $2 25
per week; and other large rooms at $1 25 per
week. Apply at shoe store, 563 Mission st.,
between First and Second.
OAK, 117 — Nicely furnished, extra sunny, with
sink, gas range, laundry, bath, phone.
SUTTER, 313—2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; $12.
TEHAMA, 478, nr. Sixth — 2 or 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms; rent reasonable; no children.
TURK. 1291 — Large unfurnished double par-
lors, small room adjoining, gas range; suit-'
able for housekeeping. . ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ¦
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unlarn.
ANGELUS Open June 1
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
530 Stockton st., bet. Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 76c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
~ furnished sunny rooms r prices reasonable.
EDDY, 730 — Elegant newly furnished rooms In
suites or single.
ELLIS, 821 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 35c
$1 50 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 847 — Single front rooms,
' furnished: opposite Jefferson Square; refer-
ences required.
GOLDEN GATE, 1521—520; gas and water
free; 4 rooms. SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 85c to-
ll 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HOWARD, 870 — Large sunny front room; rent
$6.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— Furnish-
ed room $5 per month.
LARGE well furnished room suitable for two
i and small one; Mason St.. near Bush; private
family. Box 258, Call office.
LARKIN, 819% — Large sunny room; suitable
for 2 gentlemen; gas, bath and phone; $12
per month.
MINNA. 541 — 2 rooms: suitable for 3 gentle-
men; bath; gas; call morning or evening.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 129A, nr. Orpheum — Large sunny
front room; also inside rooms; very reason-
O'FARRELL, 224 — Elegantly furnished sunny
suite on first floor; also other rooms.
PERRY, 111 — Rent $6; nice sunny double
furnished room. '
POST, 980-^Sunny front room; private family;
gentleman or young lady employed during
day; modern and nice; references.
POWELL, 722 — 2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms;
strictly private family; references exchanged.
RINCON place, 28, off Harrison — 2 sunny fur-
nished front rooms, with use of kitchen, for
man and wife or 2 gentlemen; view of bay.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 28 — Nicely furntshed sunny suite,
$15; others, $10, $8, $0; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
i near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, 428 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
lower floor. '¦ ¦ .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. •
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE~McAlXlS?E^r56T^airNesT aveTf "jus?
opened; elegantly furnished • suite or slngis
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table:
. references.
CORBIN. The, 836 Sutter st., corner Leaven-
worth— Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suites; all sunny; table first class.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
.. family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
FOLSOM, 1318 — Large sunny room, closet, with
board; private family; terms reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
"HEATH," 812 Eddy st.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites;- single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS, 915— Large sunny suite; also dou-
ble and single rooms; excellent board: reas.
ROOMS AND BOAR1J WAXTEO.
BACHELOR wants room; partly furnished will
do. Add, with terms, etc.. E. W., 700 Bush.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing
. lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. . 145 Sixth.
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
i pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281. ;
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence. 181(1
Woolsey street, Lorin station. Berkeley. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery; Oakland.
RETTAGLIATA— In this city. June 4, 1902.
Lulgi, dearly beloved husband of the lata
Pasquina Rettagllata, and loving father of
Annie, Sylvia and Charles Rettagllata. a na-
tive of Italy, aged 60 years 8 months and 4
days.
ROBERTSON— In Alameda, June 4. 1902, Mary
Graves, beloved Vife of William A. Robert-
son, mother of Maud L., William L., Eben
G., Mabel P.. Bulah and Hazel Robertson.
j and daughter of Mary L. Graves, a native of
Rio Janeiro, Brazil, aged 41 years. 3 months
: and 16 days.
ROCK — In this city. June 3, 1902. John B.
Rock, beloved husband of Nellie Rock, father
of Lillian Rock, son of Mary and the late
John Rock, and brother of Edward R.. Jo-
seph, F. and Mary Rock and Mrs. Emmett
Dunn, a native of San Francisco.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-da/
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother. 1516 Webster street,
thence to St. Dominic's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
at Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock;
train from Valencia and Twenty-sixtn,
streets.
SCHWARZ— In this city, June 4. 1902, Louis,
dearly beloved husband of Nellie Schwara,
loving son of Charles and the late Louisa
Schwarz, and beloved brother of William.
and Otto Schwarz, a native of California.
. aged 28 years 8 months and 14 days.
ftj? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1031 Montgomery avenue, between
Chestnut and Francisco streets. Interment
Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
daughter of the late Deacon C. B. Cooler,
• and mother of Mrs. C. W. Elliot and C. E.
Condis. aged 74 years 5 months and 10 days.
MEYERS— In this city, June 2, 1902, Eliza,
mother of Mary Meyers of Elmlra. Cal.. a
native ot County Leltrim. Ireland, aged «7
years. /
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 0:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be - celebrated for the-
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
MURRAY — In thla city, June 4. 1902, at 30%
Federal street, Denia, beloved daughter ot
James F. and Carrie Murray, and grand-
daughter of Mrs. Geide, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 years 2 months and 11
days.
NOONAN— In this city, June 1, 1002. Maggie
Jane, beloved wife ot J. H. Noonan, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, June 5, at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a reauiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at tt o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets, at
10:30 o'clock.
O'REILLY— In this city, June 3. 1002. Annia
O'Reilly, beloved wife of Thomas O'Reilly,
daughter of James and Elizabeth Goggin,
and sister of James and John Goggin, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 2tt years.
PROVOST— In Lorin, Berkeley. June 3. 1002.
Gustave,' beloved husband of Irma Provost,
and father of Cecelia, Adeline and Jules
Provost, a native of France, aged 60 years
and 9 days.Joseph X. Strand, a deputy registrar,
and Miss Mollle M. O'Brien were married
at noon yesterday In St. Mary's Cathe
dral. The ceremony was performed by
Vicar General Prendergast. The couple
left in the afternoon for Santa Cruz,
where the honeymoon will be spent.
Married at St. Mary's Cathedral.
Beklns Van & Storage Co. use private cars
when shipping household goods. ' 630 Market. •
The auction sale of^the Sutro property
on Ashbury Heights/consisting of about
190 lots fronting on Ashbury street, Clay
ton street. Treat avenue and Sixteenth
street, will" be held to-day at 12 "o'clock
noon at the salesroom of Baldwin &
Howell, .10. Montgomery street. An un
usual opportunity will be afforded pur
chasers to secure Jots at their own prices,
for the reason that the sale has been
made by order - of court, and every
lot will be sold without regard to the
amount offered. The terms of the sale
require 10 per cent cash and the balance
within fifteen days. The Hlbernla Bank
will lend one-half of the purchase .money
on any lots sold in case parties buying
desire to secure a loan.
Sutro Auction To-Day.
In response to a question by Customs
Collector Stratton, a letter was received
yesterday from the Secretary of the
Treasury notifying him that the depart
ment cannot do anything in the way of
imposing duties on goods from Pago Pago
and Tutuila until Congress shall enact the
necessary legislation. At present the nav
al authorities at those ports have imposed
a tariff duty of 2 per cent ad valorem on
all foreign goods except wines, spirits and
cigars landed at those ports. Under pres
ent conditions, goods may be shipped to
Pago Pago bay on the payment of 2 per
cent ad valorem and may be reshipped
into the United States without payment of
any duty, whatever. ... .
ment of Goods Into the United
States Free.
Congress Asked to Prevent Beship-
PAGO PAGO DUTIES
MAY BE MODIFIED
Divorces were granted yesterday to
John Clark from Agnes Clark for Intem
perance, Mary Barnett from William Bar
nett for neglect, Herman Apple from Em
ma T. Apple for cruelty and Ena M.
Acock from William Acock for failure to
provide. ...
James McBrearty has commenced an
action for divorce against Adellna Mc-
Brearty for desertion, alleging that she
left him without cause in May, 1901, a year
after their - marriage. .' i
• MalVina Latham is being sued for di
vorce by A. W. Latham for desertion.
The Lathams were married in 1897. The
alleged desertion occurred in 1899.
Judge Murasky granted Maud A Smith
a divorce from William F. Smith yester
day on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Smith is a' member of the Pacific-Union
Club and a prominent architect. The tes
timony in the case was taken Tuesday.
Elizabeth R. Knowlton was granted a
divorce from Joseph Knowlton by Judge
Hunt yesterday, on the ground of deser
tion. Knowlton was formerly cashier of
the Hotel St. Nicholas, and was arrested
on a charge of embezzling the funds of
the hostelry. •
Suits for divorce for desertion were filed
yesterday by Florence Keith against Hen
ry ju. Keith, Richard S. Anthony against
Christina J. Anthony, Adelaide Blackman
against Cassius D. Blackman, Frederick
Anderson against Alisa Anderson, Har
riet Ozard Middle ton against William
Middleton. Mary Mollison is suing John
C. Mollison for divorce for cruelty. ,
Elizabeth C. Cunningham is suing John
Cunningham for divorce for desertion and
failure to provide. They were married in
1884 and have two children.
Joseph Knowlton's Spouse
Proves That Her Husband
Deserted Her.
Judge Murasky Believes
. Architect's Wife's
Tale if 'Woe.
MAUD A. SMITH
GETS A DIVORCE
ADMINISTRATOR OF MARQUE
SAS ISLANDS, WHO WOULD
FIGHT A DUEL.
was carrying French mall and flying a
French flag, and, therefore, the parties to
a duel would not, 1 * they contend, under
those circumstances, be amenable to the
laws of the United States.
Now comes the imperial Consul General
of Turkey ln the controversy. One of the
parties to the dispute waited upon that
gentleman and begged that he accept the
position of a second at the duel, which
was expected to take place in the vicinity
of Golden Gate Park yesterday morning.
George EH Hall, the Consul General, lis
tened to all the arguments put forward to
Induce him to accept the position, but
declined the honor with many thanks.
The Consul General therefore may have
to explain to his Majesty, the Sultan, even
the Innocent and unlooked for part he has
played in the drama.
The French Consul will, in the course of
his duty, report the whole matter to his
Government, the official position of the
chief parties to the quarrel making such
a proceeding necessary.
St. Ignatius College held its forty-third
commencement last night at the college
hall, Van Ness avenue.
The hall was packed with an enthusi
astic audience. Much applause was given
to the boys as they stepped upon the stage
to receive " their medals or diplomas. }n
the absence of Archbishop Riordan, the
address to the graduates was delivered
by the president, Rev. John P. Frieden,
S. J. The following are the prizes awarded
for marked excellence in college work:
Gold medal, the gift of His Grace the Moat
Rev. Archbishop P. W. Riordan, D.D., for the
best essay in "Philosophy of Keliglon," award
ed to Francis I. Barrett. Nest In merit, Fred
erick Churchill. Owen B. McCann. Alfred J.
Cleary and Edward A. Foley.
A gold medal, the gift of Mrs. F. S. "Wen
singer, for the best essay In •"Christian Doc
trine." awarded to John CRourke. Next ln
merit,. Joseph R. Crowley. Wl'liam A. Breen,
Thomas J. Flaherty, John L. Whelan, Charles
A. Schott, Robert X. Ryan, David J.
O'Keeffe and Victor V "White.
Prize of' $25, the gift of James R. Kelley,
for the best Latin composition, awarded to
Charles A. Scott. Next in merit, John L.
Whelan. Robert F. Snaer. "William A. Sulli
van, William A. Breen. Edward M. Masterson,
Thomas J. Flaherty and Robert X. Kyan.
Prize of $25, the gift of James F. Smith.
M. D., B. S., '01. for the bast English essay —
Awarded to "William A. Breen. Next in merit,
Edward A. Foley, Edward M. Masterson. Al
fred J. Cleary, Francis I. Barrett, Joseph R.
Crowley, Owen E. McCann, Charles A. Schott.
Prize of $25, the gift of James D. Phelan,
A. B., '81, for the best mathematical paper —
Awarded to Joseph R. Crowley. Deserving of
special mention, Thomas J. Flaherty, Dennis
Heagerty. Next in merit. Owen E. McCann
Francis I. Barrett. Robert X. Ryan, John
Is. Whelan, Alfred . J. Cleary, Charles A.
Schott.
Prize of $25, -the gift of Mrs. E. Martin, for
the best paper, in elementary Latin and Greek
—Awarded to James H. Kelly. Special men
tion, Charles R. Johnson, Arthur V. Coghlan.
The following announcements were
made regarding fourteen scholarships:
The Pescia scholarship of $130 a year has
been awarded to Owen E. McCann. It will be
contested for again in the humanities class at
the end of next term.
The president's scholarship of $130 a year baa
been awarded to Anthony J. Smith.
. A scholarship of $130 a year for the next
four years, given by Gerhard Wempe, has been
awarded to Robert F. Snaer.
The following degrees* were conferred:
Master of arts — Geofge A. Connolly, A.B.,
L.L.B.
Bachelor of arts — Francis I. Barrett. Fred
erick J. Churchill, Alfred J. Cleary and Ed
ward A. Foley.
The following was the evening's pro
gramme t
Overture — "Lust-spllel" (Keler Bela) ......
• College Orchestra
Introduction — De Sclentiae Chimicae Laud
ibus (rhetoric) Anthony J. Smith
Melody. "Last Hope" (Gottschalk) ....
College Orchestra
Lecture — "Combustion" . '. ; Alfred J. Cleary
March from "Aida" (Verdi).. College Orchestra
Lecture — "Flame" Francis J. Barrett
Assistants at both lectures^ — Frederick
Churchill and Edward A. Foley.
Selection— "Qulller" (De Koven)
X -^V:"iV*;. :' "* .College Orchestra
Distribution of ordinary prizes In col
. lege course.
Distribution of extraordinary prizes in
academic and college courses.
, Conferring of Degrees.
Two-step, "Cadet" (Ashton). .College Orchestra
Suit for Fees Submitted.
The suit of George F. Merrill, an at
torney, against Gunnison, Booth & Bart
nett for $5000 for services alleged to have
been rendered by Merrill in effecting a
compromise of two suits against Flor
ence Blythe Moore was submitted in
Judge Hebbard's court yesterday
Merrill claims that he acted as an agent
of the law firm In the suit brought by T
I. Bergiu against Mrs. Moore for $165 OCo'
which was compromised for $120 000 Gun '
nison. Booth & Bartnett claim that thev
never employed him.
Try a 10c Box
Adams' | Sarsaparllla Pills (chocolate coated)
for Constipation. Biliousness, Sick Headaches'
Dyspepsia. Druggists.' .*V?
Triduum at St. Francis Cliurch.
A three days* devotion in honor of the
sacred heart of Jesus commenced at St.
Francis Church on Tuesday and will bf»
concluded to-morrow evening. The clos
ing sermon will be preached by Father
Philip Byrne of the Sacred Heart Church.
¦ i - . .-.
Business men are satisfied when they
lunch at Cafe Zinkand. •
Forty-Third Graduating
Exercises Held in
College Hall.
COMMENCEMENT
AT ST. IGNATIUS
But the affair has taken deeper root
than was ever contemplated by those con
cerned in the proceedings, for the French
Consul made no secret of his vexation
over the matter. He has made his feel
ings known to the principals in the affair
and suffers from the fear that the dis
pute in the United States , between an
officer of the French navy arid an official
representing the French Government may
bring ridicule upon that Government.
Representative Frenchmen of the city, on
the other hand, take issue with the French
Consul and declare. that he is wrong in
supposing that the quarrel can possibly
bring ridicule on his Government:
There are Frenchmen, and M. Brisson Is
among the number, who declare that Cap
tain Lawless of the Australia is to blame
fc^A^ 110^ 1111 ?," 16 d , uelt «take placed
board his ship, the point raised in support
A,,^ e K« COI \V entlO u n belns tne fact that the
Australia, though an American vessel
The gallant ensign declares that he has
no desire to fight and still cannot under
stand the cause he has given M. Brisson
for so great an exhibition of anger. He
will be ln Paris about the same time
the Administrator of the Marquesas
Islands arrives there, but he has also de
termined to do nothing that might bring
him within the pale of the laws of Cali
fornia,
The Administrator of the Marquesas
Islands, having excitedly given vent to
his regrets, hastened to his rooms with
fire in his eye and anger in his heart.
Ensign Rey on the other hand, was
decidedly cool and collected throughout
the day. He received many visitors and
also went out visiting many places of
interest.
¦ "M. Rey! poof! poof! poof! I call him
a hog! Ah! It is rediculous. But when
we meet in France, aha! When we meet
in France, then — well, I have told you we
shall see! I can say no more; It would
be a breach of the etiquette of my coun
try. Oh! that we should be on foreign
soil!"
"M. Rey feels, on his side, aggrieved
because of your calling him . a 'hog,' "
was remarked to M. Brisson. ¦
"I cannot speak of the matter, for It
would be contrary to French etiquette and
custom. I appreciate that we, that is M.
Rey and myself, are in a foreign land and
it is my intention to do nothing here that
would violate the law. However, when
M. Rey is on French ground the matter,
I assure you, will be different. I wait for
that time." - •
When seen at the Lick House the very
excellent Administrator of the Marquesas
Islands had this to say:
MATTERS in the controversy be
tween Guy de St. Brisson and
Ensign Rey, told of in The Call
yesterday, have reached a new
phase and no less than three
nations are brought into the heated argu
ments that are in progress— the United
States, France and Turkey.
First of all it may be stated that M.
Brisson has listened to -and heeded calm
counsel and will allow his wrath against
Ensign Rey to smolder until both parties
shall have reached Paris, when Brisson
will assuredly demand satisfaction from
the naval officer.
"Here's one of them," joyfully exclaim
ed Lieutenant Ellenberger a second' later
as a puff of wind cleared away the smoke
revealing a tiny form cowering in a
smoldering dress behind a chimney El
lenberger had found the little 4-year-old
daughter of Herold, with her golden curls
burned off. Her dress was on fire, but
fortunately the flames had not eaten their
vay through her clothing. She was
speechless from fright, but was unhurt
RESCUE OP THE CHILDREN.
It was a glad shout that went up from
the men. women and children on the
street when Ellenberger passed the little
one over the cornice into the arms of
Truckman Morrison, who had gone up on
the ladder to receive her. Carefully and
tenderly the big truckman carried her
ar'mT o^he^m^th^ Pl3Ced her ln the
A minute later. Truckman O'Connor aD
poared out of the blinding smoke with fhe
6-year-old brother of the little girl In hit
arms. The boy's clothing was scorched
but luckily, like his sister, he had ei-
O Connor in the far corner of the roof
with his little hands clasped over his
ey*s to keep out the smoke.
Th« work of extinguishing the fire was
soon completed and when the brave res
cuers reached the sidewalk they were the
1P^cL?o f rs many W ° rdS ° f Pralse ?*SS
badly damaged bv fire about two nWths
aso. In fact. Harold had Just received
the Insurance. The insurance companies
now are again his debtor. -v£i~ ,
JUMPS FROM THE E00F.
Just at that moment the smoke cleared
for an instant and the firemen saw Her
old, with his clothing in one mass of
flames, running wildly toward the brink
of the roof. Captain Bannan called to
him to stop, but Herold was frenzied, and
with a wild yell dashed through the
flames and fell headlong into the yard
fully twenty feet below. In his descent!
Herold narrowly escaped striking the
hosemen who fought their way Into the
rear of the burning building with a pipe
line. Two- of them ran to Herold's as
sistance and hurriedly removed him
through the bakery to the sidewalk It
was at first thought that he had been fa
tally injured in the fall, and all possible
haste was made in getting him to the
County Hospital. There it was found that
while he had been badly burned on the
head, face, hands and back, he had luck
ily escaped breaking any bones in • his
mad leap from the burning roof.
After Herold jumped from the roof
Bannan and his companions redoubled
their efforts to find the two children They
called to them, but they either did not
answer or their childish voices were
drowned by the crackling of the burning
wood. The smoke was almost overpower
ing, but the gallant truckmen bravely
held to the roof and peered into the haze
for the children. .
LOST IN BLENDING SMOKE.
The terrified children had in the mean
time disappeared in the smoke and Her
old, frantic and half-crazed, called . to
them. They answered him, but he could
not locate them owing to the density of
the smoke. A citizen who was passing the
bakery noticed the smoke and turned
in an alarm from box 2S6, situated at the
corner of Twenty-fourth and York streets.
Truck Company 9 and Engine Companies
25 and 37 are located in the neighbor
hood and were quickly on the scene.
While the engine companies were stretch
ing the hose lines. Truck 9 threw a ladder
up against the front wall of the burning
building. The ladder fell two feet short
of the cornice, but did not prevent the
brave truckmen gaining the roof. They
had heard of the peril in which Herold
and the two children stood and knew that
not a moment was to be lost if they were
to save them. The names were shooting
higher and higher and the smoke was
becoming denser, for a quantity of flour
and hay In the storehouse was burning. I
Captain William J. Bannan led the way
over the cornice, quickly followed by Lieu
tenant Ellenberger and Truckmen J.
O'Connor and Henry Morrison. The
crowd that had gathered on the sidewalk
cheered them as they disappeared- in the
smoke, but the cheers they did not heed
Their minds were intent on finding and
rescuing the imprisoned baker and his lit
tle ones.
It is not known how the fire started,
but Herold is of the opinion that the chil
dren were playing with matches. The
storehouse, which adjourns the bakery on
the west side, is a long one-story frame
building about twenty feet high with a
fiat roof. This roof can be reached from a
side window on the upper floor of the
bakery building. The children of late
have been in the custom of playing on
the roof. They went out on it about 11
o'clock yesterday morning, after tiring of
playing in the yard below. Herold was
on the upper floor of the bakery, half
an hour later, and looked out of the side
window to see if the children were on the
roof. To his horror he discovered that
the rear portion of the storehouse was
on fire. The flames were spreading along
the wall and an, instant later a cloud of
dense black smoke poured out from the
storehouse.
Hospital, where he was removed for
treatment, say that fortunately he did not
inhale any of the flames and that he will
recover. But for the quick work of the
brave firemen, who had to fight their way
through lire and smoke to reach them, the
children would have perished.
head, face, hands and back. The physi
cian who attended him at the County
addition to being severely burned on the
The members of Truck Company 9, by
prompt and heroic action, eaved the lives
of two little children yesterday morning
at a fire which partly destroyed a large
storehouse connected with Herold's" bak
ery at 2808 Twenty-fourtn street, near
York. George Herold, father of the chil
dren. Jumped from, the roof of the burn
ning structure before the rescuers could
prevent him and was badly bruised in
Rescue Little Tots From
Roof of a Burning
Building.
Chief "Wlttman issued an order yester
day morsinff assigning Captain George
Birdcall to the Central police station and
Lieutenant Henry Gleeson as his assist
ant. The captain. Is thoroughly familiar
¦with the district. Both officers reported
for duty yesterday afternoon and met
•with an ovation from the men who as
eembled at 3 o'clock to report for duty.
Lieutenant James Kelly was asigned to
fluty at the City Hall station, vice Bird
call, promoted, and Lieutenant Thomas
8. Dnke to the Southern station with
Captain John Spillane.
Sergeant John T. Green was assigned to
Cuty ln the license department, vice Glee
son, promoted. He is an efficient officer.
He joined the force on December 27. 18S8;
was promoted to corporal December 1.
1S95, and to sergeant July 2, 1895. For the
past eight or nine years he has been in
the property clerk's department, where
his work always met with the commenda
tion of his superiors.
Charge of the License
Department.
Sergeant John T. Green Is to Take
CAPTAIN AMT> LIEUTENANTS
ASSIGNED TO 'X H ftTR POSTS
BRAVE FIREMEN
SAVE TWO LIVES
THE SAJiT FRANCISCO CAI^L, THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1902.
Bfisson Listens to -Wise ; Counsel and Promises
Not to Violate the Laws of California.
CHANGES SCENE OF DUEL
TO HIS BELOVED PARIS
14
Handkerchief Offers
We Seldom Make. \
O 1 : ~. q
First these' Unfinished Handkerchiefs \
At 32C, really worth 6k. \
For the life of you it'll be hard to see where most of them
are not finished — perhaps only a loose thread is hanging
or an embroidery corner was forgotten to be cut out — a
little point one could fix in a jiffy with the scissors or a
needle and thread.
They are hemstitched, with embroidery corner, some with insertion in
one corner; others are revere effects with scalloped edges.
Handkerchiefs at 5c— Women's and children's lawn and cambric,
with hemstitched borders, embroidery and lace insertion corners,
hemstitched with lace insertion all around, lace borders and hem-
stitched with lace borders. '
Handkerchiefs at 13c — Fine lawn with footing borders and bowknot
corners; others with Valenciennes lace 2. inches wide, in Honiton
pattern; another style has a row of hemstitching all round and
pointed corners edged with lace. On others are wide lace corners;
others with fancy stitched corners edged with lace; others with lace
I insertion with fancy lace corners. . , Z*h-'- •
Stationery Window Shades
n^TT 7 7i> v 25 Cents.
Of Unusual Merzt. q q
q - soo opaque ones ready this
T First.lookatthisbigbox off ' wfde^anJ
wnting paper and envelopes £ £%% a ™\ o Tj,
At J5oC» complete with brackets slate and
One of Hale's "specials," 6o nickel plate.. They are worth
sheets, 50 envelopes — parchment telephoning or writing for if you
in tints. can't call.
250 White Envelopes 25c_ * r i. C rtfinr p C Fti/fc
Size No. 5, extra value. All jqUHieS EDUb
Writing Paper 15c lb — Ripple *>g CdltS.
vellum, in blue and white. 120 c * T j 4
sheets oome 200, about yard square. A
Envelopes to match 10c a traveler used them as samples.
package. e ls tnrou gh with them, so he
O -L-I ! O gave them to us at a Price, but
you profit by it. Earlier you
Foulard Silks
49c, 59c, 79c. Electrolysis.
I Ledalis! 6 ha! y & iTf T^T
. why we want to sell them now. Sntrivanrif for th
We don't want to show them H TY R° f
next season. WARTS and MOLES. Office in
Hair Dressing and Manuring
AT 59c— Our usual 85c quality; !
handsome satin finish; new * * v
AT 79c— Were $1.00 and $1.25; beau- t***t, /W m,
tiful two-tone stuffs; all new col- M$/ /*7/ /&3S5&L /fif/^*. J&&&) "*<&S.
orings— new blues, navy, gray, /$>/ /£*( v££^ <s_e»' q3~*j&*
tan, brown, reseda, rose, etc. /^t —^r2*%~~ *
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY—FRIDAY— SATURDAY
LEA & PERRIITS' SATJCE. bot...2Oe
? he ,° r , !g ' nal and genuine- Worcestershire.
Limit 3 bots. Reg. 25c.
CALTFOBNIA OLIVE OIL.q.t.bot.7Oc
..„ t „ pt.bot.4Oc
ula a r nt 8 a 5 c B a n d ar 50c. Absolut ** '»?*• *£
PEABLDfE. large size, 3 pkgs _>3 C
The great labor-savins washing compound
Regular 10c a pkg.
0BAUTGE MABMALADE. Jar «Oc
Put UP by Chas. Southwell & Co.. Lon-
don. Finest quality. Regular 25c.
BALDWIN" BRANDY, hot... 7 3c
CTA.I * * *"" It \
G rTi e 2 5 B and d kSS. Very ° ld
MAPLE SYBTJP BLEND, qt. can.23c
A delicious table syrup for serving with
not Cciiccs.
BLACKBEBBY BBANDY, hot.... 50c
Recommended for medicinal use. Regular
IDEAL COFFEE POTS, 3 pts 90c
_ 5 pts...§1.00
The most satisfactory Coffee Pots made.
Regufcir $1.20 and $1.35.
A.TJNT DINAH TOASTEBS. each.l3 c
The handiest broiler made for wood and
coa* stoves. No kitchen complete without
it. Regular 25c.
CATALOGUE FREE.
SIMPLY SEND US YOUR ADDRESS.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
TEI^EPHONE MAIN S522.
TO THEJUBUC.
?W^t u " dersl sned begs leave to heartily
thank his many customers in this city
and vicinity for the confidence and moral
support siven him during the annoyance
and irritation forced upon him by the so-
called "Mayerle & Co.." who unscrupul-
ously opened an office next door and cov-
ered its front with sigrns almost Identical
to mine and also by the use of false state-
ments and specious arguments endeavored
thus to deceive. With the assistance of
the public it has been possible to expose
their dishonest practices which, reacting
upon themselves, have compelled them to
close their place. The people of San Fran-
cisco have once again evidenced the fact
that they .will not stand for underhand"
dealings but are always ready to- support
an institution that has honesty and thor-
oughness for its motto.
The undersigned has been a resident of
San irancisco for many years and upon
the reputation he ha3 built must rest his
future success. To all my old patrons and
prospective customers I beg to assure the
same honest and straightforward treat-
ment that has characterized my past pro-
fessional conduct.
Respectfully,
GEORGE MAYERLE, 1071^ Market st.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
drink
Best NATURAL Alkaline j Water
'.' -< ¦ .' ' ¦ '820 EROAQ-W AT. X. T.
i ¦¦ i . ~
Weekly Call. $1 Der fear
| Children's |
I. ;Df esses. J;
All Sizes. All Good Values,
All Styles, All Colors. ;
35c. I
ON SALE at 3»e CHILDREN'S PRETTY
ZEPHYR DRESSES made with pleated!
b'retelles, fancy yoke, full sleeves, finished
with soft frill and trimmed with herring- {
bone braid. ' . . .
45c. !
ON SALE at 45c CHILDREN'S DAINTY*
GINGHAM DRESSES. The one described'
. is 'a delicate pink with fine white stripes, (
made with double bretelles, full skirt,
soft stock collar and neatly finished with (
rows of Pink and white braid. , '
: 730. -\
ON BALE. at 78c the best quality CHIL-(
DREN'S ZEPHYR DRESSES ever of-,
•fered at the price. The square embroid- \
ery, - Inserted yoke with , wide bretelles/
edged with narrow embroidery, gives a \
dainty touch to these neat garments.
- 98c. •¦-;
ON SALE at 08c CHILDREN'S SATIN
STRIPE GINGHAM DRESSES made '
i with plaited yoke, large shaped bretelles,
soft collar. ' bishop sleeves and effectively
< trimmed with wide linen torchon lace.
$1.65.
ON SALE at $1.65 CHILDREN'S FINE
MADRAS DRESSES. These stylish
' garments are made with round yoke of
solid color, mercerized ' chambray — orna-
1 • mented with fancy braid and pearl- but-
| tons, large epaulettes reaching- to waist
• line are edged with - narrow : embroidery
through which the full pouch front showB
. prettily: full bishop sleeves, cuffs edged
a with embroidery. -. '
si.19. ;
ON SALE at 91.19 CHILDREN'S JAUN-
TY GRASS LINEN SAILOR SUITS, made
' with large sailor collar, extra wide skirt,
1 deep hem, stylish ? sailor tie \ and : orna-
" mented with rows of serpentine braid. l
S1.35.
ON SALE AT $1.35 CHILDREN'S NAVY
BLUE CHAMBRAY SAILOR SUITS. The
pleasing features of these swell little
dresses are .the large • double sailor I col-
lars — the lower one of white pique, the
. upper of chambray — and the tasty trlm-
• mlng of white braid.
; Hl^ftkJ05sn ' * fl^M - : BBmhv ttM^ /
n^B . B^^^^^p IH^^k
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
.* ' ' Between Taylor and Jones. ' ('¦
Woj Close at 6 O'clock.
J Watch for Our GREAT REMOVAL SALE.
Leggings 35c.
Because these special sale prices are
low, don't think for a minute that the
shoes are low gTade. Remember that
at our Thursday and Friday special
sales we offer goods from our regular
stock, and the bargains are such as
*re not to be had either north or
south cf Market street. Our rule:
Money back if the shoes are not satis-
factory, or a new pair free if they
don't wear well.
Ladies' Canvas I/eeeines. as pic-
tured above, in button or lace, as-
sorted colors; special for Thursday
and Friday 35c
Children's. Misses' and 3_adies'
Tennis Oxfords, in black only;
g-ood for the country-
Sizes 6 to 2 45e
Sizes 2% to 7 55c
Infants' and Children's Button
Shoes in vici kid, with patent lea-
ther tips and hand-turned soles; spe-
cial for Thursday and Friday only-
Sizes 2 to 5% (infants) 4Oc
Sizes 5 to 8 (spring heels). 60c
Sizes S% to 11 (lace only). 05c
iCMldren's, and Misses' Lace or
Button Shoes, of nne, firm kid,
with patent leather tips, extension
soles; a neat dress shoe; special for
Thursday and Friday-
Sizes 5 to 8 J>f»r»
Sizes 8% to 11 $1.15
Sizes ll*_ to 2 S1.35
Children's and Misses' Lace Shoes,
maae of 6oft box calf, with stout
eoles, well extended; a good shoe for
vacation trear; special for Thursdav
and Friday—
Sizes 5 to 8 ftS#»
Sizes SUg to 11 81 15
Sizes 11*£ to 2 Ill35
Zfoildren'sand Misses*Button Shoes
made of fine soft kid, medium weight
soles and of very good quality; good
for Sunday wear; special for Thurs-
day and Friday-
Sizes 6 to 8 81 to
Sizes 6^ to 11 §i 35
Sizes 11%" to 2 SlleS
Ladies' Tan Hussia Oxfords or
Lace Shoes, with extended soles, on
a swell last; for summer wear- all
sizes and widths; special for Thurs-
day ana Friday SU.35
Bpvs' and Men's Tennis Oxfords
ln c h, only: s P eci al for Thursday
and Friday —
Sizes V& to 5% 55c
Sizes 6 to 11 70^
Youths' and Bovs' Satin Calf
Shoes, stout, heavy soles, with good
bottoms; a good knock-about shoV-
special for Thursday and Friday— '
Sizes 8 to 13 «i in
Sizes 13% to 2 SI 3O
Sizes 2^ to S%... il.GO
Youths' and Bovs' Tan Calf Shoes
high grade; excellent wearing and
elegant looking; just the thing for
growing boys; special for Thursdav
and Friday —
Sizes 9 to 13 8t /»¦-
Sizes I3£ to 2 §1 s4
Sizes 2& to 5%... Silo5
Youths' and Bovs' Vici Kid Shoes,
soft tops, dressy anA durable • bdc
cial for Thursday and Friday—
Siz«»s a to 13 SI .4O
Sizes 13*4 to 2 «1 «W
Sizes 2»_ to f>Vi «l!85
Youths' and Bovs' Grav Canvas
Shoes, with leather soles; just the
ehoe your boy needs for his vaca-
tion; sizes 13% to 5% 1..-S1.35
Men's Grav Canvas Shoes or Ox-
fords, same as above SI. 83
*¦ 832 MARKETs^.^
t*=z=^. Tn *^ TT - y , , - .•..¦...¦¦:..¦¦¦ A msrry cha.p
tp : day called our Summer Shoes "lullabies, "
because^ they're soft and low. Thegirl with him
said, "also, they are sweet and dear." .O __l x
She had a fine^ discriminatirig \ f% Kfl
taste, we think. So would you if you T «__V
saw the shoes. You've paid $7 for no |Jl5^;
better. $7 here buys two pairs. " Le8s -
WALK=OVER SHOE STORE
F. F.WRIGHT & SON / . •
tft^p^i 924-26 Market 'Street. SiS§ffit
ADVEBTISEMENTS,
|| GIBSON'S
Observations No, 10
Published by "Your Bosom Friend," •very once in • while
I notice a good many men who wear shirtb
I that don't fit them as they should.
Do 3'ou know you're handicapping your •
i tailor and spoiling your temper by wearing
: such garments as these?
Now, listen to me.
j You ought to come down here and let me
I fit you for a shirt — just one for a starter— to
show you the difference. I don't want to
persuade you to buy a dozen— one will be
I enough" to prove my case; a matter of a dollar
{ or a dollar and a half,
f Better come to-day.
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend."
r
Furnishings for Gentlemen.
1202*1204 Market St. 'Phone South 850