Call lost no time in dispatching
a swift steamer to the stricken
island of Martinique. In addi
tion to supplies for the panic
stricken survivors of .Mont
Pelee's avalanche of death, the
dispatch-boat carried' a staff of
correspondents and photogra
phers. The work of these trained
newspaper men has been -shown
by tlte exclusive news and series
of graphic descriptions of the
volcanoes on both Martinique
and St. Vincent. While the cor
respondents were sending forth
their thrilling stories, photo
graphs vi'cre - being taken, and
the first of these 'to -arrive: here
are presented in ~ this issue of
Thp ("nil
HT 3T 7' HEN news was
R/ received that the
city of St. Pierre,
with its 30,000 inhabitants, had
beat destroyed, the New York
Herald and the Sail Francisco
PHOTOGRAPHS
OF THE RUINS
OF ST. PIERRE
LA SOUFRIERE IS QUIETING DOWN AND GOVERNOR REPORTS
WORST IS OVER ON ST. VINCENT, BUT PEOPLE ARE AFRAID
show the ruin wrought in tlie
main business street of, the town
and along the zvater front.
(Copyright, 1902, by the
New , York Hcr.ald Publishing
Company.)
fjf^ HE,, accompanying il
lustrations sliozu the
terrible effects of the
death-dealing zvave of heat and
gases that sivept down from the
volcano of 'Mont Pelcc into St.
Pierre, the thriving seaport of
the island of Martinique. The
.wave crnmmed stone and melted
iron, . and slew every living
thing xvith the szviftness of
lightning. The largest of the
' pictures -shows one of the prin
. cipal - thoroughfares after the
• disaster, with the great masses
[of stone and twisted iron and
the -shattered icalls of the stout
structures. The other views
ILLUSTRATING
THE TERRIBLE
DESTRUCTION
y ; ONDON, May 29.—
B Joseph Chamberlain, the
fflf rtiK Colonial Secretary, has
. received the following
cablegram from Sir Robert Bax
ter Llewellyn, Governor of the
Windward , Islands, in the West
Indies: MiZ'v
¦"There has been no serious
volcanic outbreak on the island
of St. Vincent since May 18. I
hope the worst is over, but the
people of the island are still.nerv
ous. All arrangements for the
comfort of the injured, the relief
of the destitute and the resettling
of the people of St. Vincent art
progressing satisfactorily."
Approaches Crater.
FORT DE FRANCE, Mar
tinique, May 29. — The crater of
Mont Pelee has been approached
within one mile. This feat was
accomplished Tuesday afternoon
by George Kavanogh, an unat
tached newspaper man, who had
accompanied-Professor Robert T."
Hill, "United States Government
geologist, on his expedition. "" ,
When Professor Hill turned
south, toward St. Pierre, , KaT
anagh continued on past Morne
Rouge. His route seems to have
been -along or near the ' Cale
Basse divide. He says he de
scended from \Morne Roiige into
the valley between Morne Rouge
and MontPelee. This valley was
deeply strewn with ashes. Kav
anagh Avas guided by an aged
negro to where an old footpath
once led to Lake Palmtste, near,
the summit of the crater, there
an iron cross, twenty feet high,
was buried in ashes to within a
foot , of its top. Before him
stretched upward the mountain
slope, covered with ashes, which
were soaked by the heavy rains
and- baked by the sun and vol
cano heat, and looked like a ce
ment sidewalk. .;.; The : Avhole
] valley -filled with ashes, and two
great rifts; which he was afraid to
approach. .In the evening he
turned/- back, reaching Morne
Rouge at about 9 o'clock. He had
made^no. new observations, and
i realized >liis danger only the ne^t
moniing, when , occurred ? the
Realizes Danger.
' Forgetful of the' .explosion of
: the previous night and the a\yful
suddenness of the outburst, and
tempted by the seemingly eas>
ascent, he continued upward and
' made ' photographs and ' rough
[sketches..' Kavanagh found the
mountains-top . was shrouded- in
smoke. : '¦¦'- : ¦
:VNEW"pRLEANS/May 29!—
The. British steamer Louisianan;
West Indian , .line, arrived here
to-day fromj Trinidad and Colon.
Captain Edwards reports tine ves
sel f passed through a storm of
ashes precipitated . by ; \ Mont
Peleej ; the Louisianan being cov-'
ered several inches deep, byltliem?-
They ; were first observed : on the
afternoon of 'May 7, when -^ the
vessel ..was .between .' \Barbadoes"
ancV.Trinidad. . The skyibegaiiito
darken by degrees;- and. -'at a.;dis--
Storm of Ashes.
cal Society, left with "Mr/ Lead
better to make a three days^care
ful exploration: and study, of i the
new craters eastand norths : :
Two hours ago Professor An
gelo Heilpiin, ''president 'of the
Philadelphia v Geographical So
ciety, . but . here , under the .aus
pices of the 'National : Geograplii-
On .Wednesday- .Kavanagh
tried^ to ; descend to / St.v Pierre,
, but failed. -He found a little ham-
Jet in a valley^ n'ear the mountain,
black with 150 dead, bodies. They
were not carbonized, nor / had
their .clothing -been^.burned off i
Probably tliis valley lay ./near the
inner edge. of the one of blasting
flame. V
George Kennan reported j from
Morne Rouge this morning. ! ¦¦
greatest outbreak since Mont
Pelee's first eruption.
Daring Newspaper Correspondent Ascends
v proaching Near Crater.
PARIS, May 28;— Louis Ern
oul/iDeputy.Mayor of St. Pierre,
Martinique,' has arrived here: He
lost'sixt'y-five relatives in the dis
aster: , that ; overwhelmed St;
•Pierre.U The; walls, doors and
¦furniture -oMiis house 'were left
intact, ;but nothing was left in the
garden except" one tree, which 'is
still and fruit.
¦'£ Ernoiil? says} that a-Mme." Bru-
tance - a - big : , black - pall was seen
slowly :-- mounting - into the heav.
ens, j and r this forbidding, gloomy
bank of faraway clouds. was rent
and r illumined- - by cohstant and
vivid flashes of lightning.
The storm -gained rapidly on
the/ ship. At 4 p. m. the atmo
sphere "was so thick^with*; clouds
anda strange haze that it seemed
as if night had set in. Captain
Edwards took an ,' observation of
the latitude and longitude and
found he . was- about - 107 miles
from Martinique.
Cruisers Aid.
: The Minister of Marine re
ceived a dispatch to-day from
Admiral Seryan, stating that the
cruisers Tage and Suchet assist
ed in the evacuation of the north
ern portion of Martinique despite
a heavy rain of cinders.'
: The cruiser D'Assas has ar
rived a delegation of offi-r
cials .from Guadeloupe. They
,\vill arrange for the transporta
tion, and -proper lodgment of the
afflicted; - - ¦
m m
gier and her sixlchildren took ref
uge in a cave, iwhere they re7
mainedfor sixty-two hours after
the catastrophe. yfhen the little
party was discovered they were
all terribly burned. Mme. Bru
gier had sufficient strength . to
murmur' "Water for Germain"
before she died. A cup of water
was placed at ' the lips of Ger
main, • who expired after taking
the first mouthful.
VOLUME XCI-NO. 181.
SAK FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, 'MAY 30, 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.MEMBERS OF THE GRADUATING CLASS AT THE MOUNT TAMALPAIS AJILIT ART ACADEMY, WHO RE
CEIVED THEIR DIPLOMAS YESTERDAY AND WERE HONORED WITH AN ADDRESS ON THE VALUE OF
..READINESS FOR DUTY BY REAR ADMIRAL GLASS OF THE NAVY. •
BERLIN, May 29.— Special police pre
cautions are being taken in connection
with the annual spring parade of German
trc-ops to be held at the Templehof field
to-morrow. The parade will be witnessed
by Emperor William, the Shah of Persia
and the Crown Prince of Slam. The pre
cautionary measures are particularly
aimed at photographers. I "by whom 1i!b
Majesty has recently been much annoyed.
Emperor Fears the Photographers
.MADRID^ May j.29.— The /possibility- of
the.*; earlyi^retirement^of ¦ ;..'Senor Sagasta
from 'the Premiership is again! being dis
cussed in connection with the meeting of
the. Cortes: .The President of the Senate,
Senor Montero Rlos, considers that, as
no decree proroguing the session has been
Issued, the law requires the reassembling
of : V Parliament : and' he ' : J. has decided to
summon the. Senate to meet June 2. Senor
Sagasta' is opposed to convoking the
Cortes and " will appeal ¦ to the King, who
will not sign the prorogation proclamation
without consulting with other political
lenders. It is held in some quarters that
such action on the part of his Majesty
v/111 render Senor Sagasta's position'un
tenable. - _ ¦ - - , -
Will Render the Premier's Po
; b sition "Untenable. ;
SENOR.SAGASTA LIKEIiY
i; TO GO INTO RETIREMENT
Political Prophets Believe the King
On cross-examination F. B. Thomas of
San Francisco admitted that he believed
the White Swan mine to be good paying
property. -
J. O. Higgins of Spokane, Wash.', was
the principal witness to-day, testifying
that. when Balliet left San Francisco for
Baker- City In August. 1900, he instructed
the witness to burn the stock books be
fore ~ the • postoffice inspectors called and
to deny that Balliet conducted the office.
DES MOINES, Iowa. May 29.— In the
Ballot case to-day Judge -Munger ruled
that it was immaterial , whether Balliet
spent the proceeds for moral or Immoral
purposes, the only question being whether
he diverted the funds from file.develop
ment of the mining property" and the
stockholders. The court- retused to allow
the District Attorney to introdnce evi
dence as to what money was spent in
establishing variety ' theaters and squan
dered on variety actresses, ruling it did
not matter whether the money went to
the churches or theaters. - ,
ant reared a Visit of Fostoffice
Inspectors.
J. O. Higgins Testifies That I>efeiid-
SAYS BALLIET TOLD HIM
_ TO BTJBN THE STOCK BOOKS
Representative McClellan of New York
and Representative McCall of Massachu
setts voted against reporting' the fur seal
bill. McClellan stated that it was a re
markable measure, proposing the .killing
of 90,000 seals, . apparently ' through spite.
* ."WASHINGTON, " May 29.— The " Ways
and- Means" Committee of the -House to
day ordered afavorable report on the- bill
for . a , reopening j of negotiations relative
to the. fur seal herds of Alaska, witb'a
view;tothe : preservation of the herds and
authorizing the killing of the greater part
of the unless the negotiations for
thn permanent preservation 'of. the herds
are successful. The preamble of "the bill
recites that the regulations made in pur-j.
suance" of- the findings of the. Bering Sea
tribunal'"have utterly failed to so protect
and, .preserve these herds from -indecent
killing, and ruinous diminution of ; life
after seven . years of faithful enforce
ment." Also. that "this killing of 20,000 to
30,000 mother seals atsea by alien hunters
every year entails the cruel and indecent
starvation to death on the Islands of
15,000 to 25,000 young or pup seals every
September. and Ootober." :
The bill ''empowers the President to con
clude n«gotiations* with Great Britain for
a/review of the regulations in order to
/'preserve the fur seal industry of Alaska
for.'the good of all mankind and abate the
shameful order of tkilling now permitted
and conducted.", . • '•': \ ¦'¦¦¦¦. ¦ ' ¦
' Pending the -. negotiations the bill ad
vises a modus yivendi prohibiting the kill
ing of. seals except . for • native food. In
the 'event that the preservation, . the
herd is not secured at the opening 1 of the
pelagic season of 1902' authority is 'given
10 kill all the male and female seals with
the exception of 10,000 females and 1000
males.. . . ' ¦ •
Great Britain to Be Asked
to Aid in Stopping
"; Slaughter.- -
Henry T. Almy," Albert Lynn Armstrong,
Margaret Ellen Begley, Emily Harriett Brown.
Francoise Ignacla Bettencourt. Grace Brown.
Walter Leland Brown, Mary Merced ChiBholm,-
Mary Lu Case. Andrew- Bertie Coutts.'Velma
Dailey. Bertha A. Fitch, William Flannasan,
Rosamond Cristabel .¦ Green. 'Ralph Delano
Grant, McCosh Thomas Gardiner, Edward
Granjean, Irene V. Howe, : Margaret Olive
Johnson, Martha Caroline Jaeger, Philip s.
SAN RAFAEL. . May 29.— The gradual
ing exercises of the- Grammar. School
class -of '02 were held in the opera-house
here this afternoon. The graduates are:
Marin Grammar Graduates.
diplomas .was made by Dr./Crosby to the
following graduates: Elmer E.-Cox of
Madera, Jerome C. Hill of San Jose, Mor
ley M. Maddox'ofj Vlsalia, William C;
Murdock Jr. of San Francisco, Robert
Robb Jr. of Reynolds, Idaho, and James
M.Stevenson of San Rafael. "
Measure Is Introduced
Providing Prpte.ctive
v Regulations.
FUR SEAL HERDS
ARE DIMINISHING
ST. LOUIS, May 29.- The grounds and
buildings committees >of the Louisiana
purchase exposition, after examining the
bids on the construction of the palace of
liberal arts, refused to make an award
the figures being in excess of the estim
ate of $600,000. The committee will order
extensive revision in the plans in order
to bring the cost of the building within
the allowance.
Must Reduce the Cost.
New Home for Itission IthMhtis
WASHINGTON. May 29.— Charles E
Lummis of Los Angeles. Russell C. Allen
of San Diego, and Charles L. Partridge
of Redlands. all of California, have been
eppointed an advisory committee to aid
in the selection of a suitable tract of land
In Southern California to locate thereon
tne mission Indians residing on Warner's
ranch and certain other mission Indians.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador, May 2&— The
newspapers " here this morning denounce
former President Alfaro of Ecuador, who
is under arrest here for conspiring to
overthrow President Plaza, his .successor,
who was inaugurated in August last.
They assert that Alfaro has called on the
Colombian authorities to suspend their
preparations in Colombia and to come to
Ecuador to help him. It is further- as
serted that the former President /has
promised that after the Colombians have
been victorious in overthrowing President
Plaza Alfaro trill assist them to defeat
the Colombian Conservatives', • • against
whom they are now waging a war. The
Guayaquil papers are urging Alfarb to
furnish aa explanation of his conduct.
Authorities to Help Overthrow
President of Ecuador- ;i';C
Accuse Him of Asking Colombian
GUAYAQUIL PAPEBS
DENOUNCE ALFASO
. WASHINGTON, May 29.— Postmaster
General Payne has called for Wds to be
opened here July 12 next for. the. con
tracts for installing pneumatic tube mail
wrviee in Boston. New York, Brooklyn,
Philadelphia. Washington." Chicago and
St. Louis. The bids are to cover either
all or parts of the service planned Jn each
city. The ultimate limit of annual ex
penditure in all the cities of the country
for this purpose to July 1, 1904, as allowed
by Congress, is JSOO.OOO, and. each city, is'
limited to an annual expenditure not: to.
exceed -four per cent of the gross' annual
revenues for the preceding year.
Postmaster General Payne Calls for
Bids for Installing Several - [
Large Plants.'. > . *
P2JETJMATIC TUBE MAIL ;
SERVICE IN THE EAST
Knox generally enjoys perfect health,
and he is very reluctant to remain ' in
bed. not only because of his active habits,
but because just at this time the depart
ment is overrun -with business of great
importance in connection with the trust
suits and the prosecution of customs
frauds. , • ¦¦-• ¦ .• ¦: • .
The serious change in his condition y»s
terday was known to very few persons
outside of the Cabinet circle, and that
was what caused President Roosevelt, ac
companied by Secretary Cortelyou, to
make a call on the Attorney General at
his residence while returning from the
funeral of the British Bmbassador.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
\V., WASHINGTON. May 29.— It was
learned to-day that the condition of At
torney General Knox was much more se
rious "yesterday than his friends at that
time -were grilling to admit. For a time
It was feared his illness would take a turn
which would result fatally, or at least
permanently Impair his constitution.
When the violent change In tlrejveather
came Tuesday. Attorney General Knox,
who was taking a drive in light clothing:,
got thoroughly chilled, and the result
was the congestion of almost bis entire
system. A serious illness* came on that
night, but by the application of hot
baths and other remedies the trouble was
kept in check until a doctor was sum
moned yesterday morning. Surgeon Gen
eral Rlxey of the United States Navy at
tended Knox, and found that he was not
only threatened with pneumonia, but also
with acute Bright's disease. This latter
was of so serious a phase as to cause
the greatest anxiety. The home treatment
to which Knox ¦was subjected was <the
very best thing that could be done. The
doctor found the patient in a much im
proved condition to-day. He thinks aU
danger is passed. Knox, however, will
be compelled to keep to his bed during
the rest of the week.
Special Disoatch to The Call.
Violent Change in Weather
Brings on an Attack of
Congestion.
Surgeon Rixey Thinks,
However, All Danger
Is Passed.
KNOX'S ILLNESS
CAUSES ANXIETY
LONDON, May 29.— During: a discussion
of the navy estimates In the ¦ House of
Commons to-day the Secretary of the Ad
miralty, Arnold-Foster, repudiated the
suggestion of Sir Charles dike,: Advanced
Radical, ; | that ¦ the - Government's ship
building > programme""was so small 'as to
create a bad impression abroad. - The iee
retary pointed out j that during, the .' last
year thirty-five ships had/been -completed
andithat seventy-five vessels we're now
under ' construction/ including, ..twenty
armored cruisers. ; In. addition to this'
colossal instance of Great Britain's naval
reserve the Admiralty contemplated.im
mediately . proceeding with upward of
twenty-seven ships. The vote for the con
struction of vessels alone during the pres
ent year would amount t0iover/£9,000,000.
¦ Continuing Arnold-Forster.said; it was
purposed to continue the use of subsidized
merchant cruisers, subject to a possible
change j in the general • policy ' regarding
subsidies and subject also to the question
of the status | which some ' of. these ¦ ships
might acquire by virtue of : a change ' In
their • ownership-, : consequent , on changes
in registry. - - ••.- ¦¦--¦
Secretary of Admiralty
Gives Shipbuilding :
' Programme.
BRITAIN'S NAVY
IS INCREASING
WASHINGTON, May 29.— The House to
day passed the bill to increase the sub
sidiary silver coinage. The Democrats di
rected their fight chiefly against the pro
vision to recoin the standard silver dol
lars into subsidiary coin as public neces
sities might require. Half a. dozen roll
calls' were forced. ' • ¦;
The i text of the subsidiary coinage blil
Is as follows: , : - • . ., ¦» • . ¦
"That the Secretary of . the '". Treasury is
hereby authorized to coin ; the silver bul
lion in the treasury, purchased under the
act of . July 14, 1890, into such denomina
tions of subsidiary silver coin as he may
deem necessary , to meet public require-"
ments, and thereafter, as public necessi
ties may demand; to. recoin silver dollars
into subsidiary coin; and so much of any
act as fixes a limit: to the aggregate of
subsidiary silver coin outstanding and so
much of any act as directs the coinage of
any portion of the bullion purchased un
der the act. of. July 14. 1890, into standard
silver dollars, is hereby repealed."
The. conference reports on the omnibus
public building and . fortiflcatiQns appro
priation bills were adopted and the House
adjourned until Monday. '
House Passes the Bill in
the Pace of All Op- ~
position.
FOR SUBSIDIARY
SILVER COINAGE
PACIFIC GROVE, May 29.— The com
mencement exercises of the Pacific Grove
High School took place in the assembly
hall here to-night, and the largest clas3
ever graduated from the school received
diplomas. Professor H. W. Rolfe of Stan
ford University delivered the address to
the graduates, his theme being "Robert
Louis Stevenson," an especially appro
priate one for this place, .wtfiich Stevenson
loved, and this class, one of. the members
of which Louis Sanchez, Is a nephew of
the writer. The graduates are Misses
Ethel Mary Ollason, Lula E. Griggs, Ina
Kent, Genevieve E. Dawson. Margaret
Ethel Beverton, Valerie ¦ C. Trine, Helen
P. Balch, Edith S. Reynolds, Leigh Rob
bins, Edith . Daingerfleld and Jesse E.
Neighbor, Murray M. Watson and Louis
Stevenson Sanchez. . ~ . ,, ,.
Stevenson's Nephew a Graduate.
VALLBJO, May 29.— St. Vincent's Con
vent School held its thirty-second com
mencement exercises in Farragut Theater
last evening. In 1S70, when the^school was
founded, five sisters were able to. carry
on the educational work. Now the 450
boys and girls "In attendance require the
services of fourteen teachers. Graduating
honors, last night were conferred upon-
Richard Ward, Joseph Brosnahan, Ther
esa -Brosnahan; Frances Collins, Mary
Collins and Susie Moran. ;.
St. Vincent's Graduates.
Jewell, El«e Louise Kaemlpff. Charles J. Kap
penmann, Hermlne.Loewy, Victor O. Lund. Al
bert Edward Loudon, Augustus Colwell. Locke.
Mary Elizabeth Legna, Edna- B. Murray, Eva
Osborne Parks, Maria Loreta Pacheco, Meta
Leona Parks, Agusto Florence Pacheco. Blanche
Ethel Russell, Ethel E. Roche. Julia Antoi
nette Ryan, Jennie L. Shader. Martha Walton
Sale, Frances Nina Wright, Timothy E. Mur
ray.
A. Crosby of the academy, on his right
Rear Admiral Henry Glass. U. S. N., and
on the left Lieutenant-Commander Olney,
U. S. N., the Admiral's personal aid and
Major Batson, U. S. A., commandant of
the academy. The class of '02, six in
number, occupied seats near Admiral
Glass, -y . ; :
After several selections, instrumental
and vocal,' by the cadets. Dr. Crosby made
a short address in introduction of Ad
miral Glass. The Admiral said in part:
The watchword of the navy Is ready for duty.!
We sailors would much rather do things than
talk about them. Never turn back. You, the
class of '02, are just commencing: a new chap
ter In your book of lire, and In so doing there
•¦•no grander or nobler theme than that of
the sailor — all lives for our country and ever
in readiness for duty. You owe duty to your
country, duty to those about you and duty to
yourselves. Always do right. You have fin
ished your school life here at the academy,
and may you look back with great satisfaction
at what you have accomplished.
But It is only the beginning, and you should
start to-day to study. for life's training if you
wish to attain a higher type of manhood. We
sailors have had to do much of it. Without
such study and training we would not have
been able to do what we have for pur country.
Courage and comprehension in nature are birth
rights of every man. but these require training
and study. We might be called upon to go
to the assistance of others, but in so doing,
although we might not be publicly lauded, yet
such acts are the upbuilding of self-respect
.and the holding of you in high esteem by thoae
about you. United effort with the soldier, the
preacher and tha school teacher; though wide
apart. Is a great asslstanca in life, and when
combined with loyalty there is union. Without
loyalty there Is no union. ' And so I say, ba
helpful to others. The well-being of your
country lies in the discharge of your duty.
Scholarships were then awarded to the
following cadets by Dr. Crosby:* First
scholarship to John E. Cushing of ' San
Rafael: second scholarship to Walter M.
Gabriel of Pasadena. The presentation of
AN RAFAEL, May 29.— The Mount
. fc^ Tamalpais Military Academy clos
¦nI ing exercises for the scholastic
year of 1902 were held in the Pres-'
: bytertan church In this city this
morning:. The auditorium was crowded
and In the throng were many prominent
.persons from. San Francisco.
The church was decorated with Amer
ican flags and the standards of the col
lege companies. The pulpit was festooned
with ferns, smilax and cut flowers. In
front of the altar the class of '02"s colors,
blue and gold, were artistically draped.
To the rear of the pulpit the green and
gold pennant of the class of '01 was sus
pended.
Upon the rostrum sat Head-master Dr.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALI^ FBIDA;Y, MAY; 30, 1902.
Henry Glass of the United States Navy 1 Speaks Interestingly of
the Value of Devotion to the. Flag at .the ; Commencement
Exercises of the Mount Tamalpais Academy Near San Rafael
REAR ADMIRAL WARNS THE CADETS
TO VEER NOT FROM LINES OF DUTY
2
ADVERTISEMSSTTS. -
©X/VTEyV\EIN'T
OF THE—— .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦' '¦ ';:.;.-_-'..: ''. .•_ : / •
Hartford Fire
' INSURANCE COMPANY
r\Y HARTFORD. IJT THE STATE OF COX.
tJnecticat on tha Jlst day of December. A.
T>. 1001. and for th« year ending: on that day.
as raade to the Tgsurance Commissioner of the
State of CallfM-nla. pursuant to the pro-
2t£ n3 J f -i! eC 2!2 ns C1 ° and eu °< * h « Political
Cotnai^eVT 1 M >" ««*-*»»W«4 »>T th.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
u n in Cash ....$1.250.000 00
- ' ";¦ - ASSETS. ¦ ! '
Real Estate owned by Company.. $W2.500 00
Loan? on Bondrand.Mortgra?>s... 793 ->oo 00
Cash -ttafltet Value of all Stocki
and Bonds owned by Company.. 8.132,555 01
Amount of Loans, secured by pledge- "— "*"f "*
v cf Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 4 800 CO
Ca*h in Company:* Of nee 47'iftn r.r
Cash In BarSw^ ; cnioTO «
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans «T T2
Interest du« ana accrued on Bond3
1 aha Mbrtfrafces ... 11 305 S.1
Premiums In due Course of Collec-,
tldn ....j^<.**.. 1 tel 5S0 08
Due from otter Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 17.928 71
Total Assets ......". . . _ . .$12,239,078 45
,-...,, , LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted' and unpaid -$309,182 20
Losses in process of Adjustment or
- te 6uspetw« .................... 723.B18 Od
I^osses resisted, including- expenses. 03.591 01
Gross Qremtums on Fire Risks run-
i nlny «w»e y«ar,or iesa. $5,795,-
134 72: reinsurance 50 per cent.. 2.8D7.567 3«
Grosx premiums on Fire Risks rcn-
. nlfur mow than one year. $7,743.-
f3K 40:' reinsurance pro rata 3,900 037 33
Commissions and Brokerage due
. and to become due 113,323 CO
Total Liabilities ~-$S.008.221 01
' '"INCOME. ====s
N«»t cash actually received for Fire .
- premiums ;,...„.. .50.633,783 03
Received for Interest on Bonds
.and Mortgages... 39.S07 29
Received for, Interest and dividends
' on Bonds.' Stocks. Loans and
from all. other sources 320.02S S2
Received for Rentsr 17,Sa9 02
Rtctlved from all other sources.. 179 73
•' Total Income 410,031.195 S.I
EXPENDITURES. ~ =
Kct amount paid for Fire. Losses
(including $381,241 46. losses ot
previous years) $5,242,822 91
Dividend* to Stockholders 400.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brolternsce 1.707,772 30
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 687,851 83
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal Taxe» -. 138.2SS 82
All other payments and expend-
itures 1.038.635 51
Total Expenditures'. ...'.$0,213,371 39
. '. " Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $6.075.881 13
Risk* and PremtwnsJ. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount oft
Ri5ks wr 1{ t e nl
during the yeaT.I$l,019, 063.207 $11,814,027 13
Net amount of
Risks exp 1 r e d
during the year. 748.100.591 8.S56.697 23"
Net amount In
fcrc« December
21. 1901 1.221.992.701 13.538.771 12
GEO. L. CHASE, President.
P. C. ROTCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3d
day of January, 1902. M. B. SCOTT,
:.- Notary Public
HENRY K. BELDEN, Manager.
WHITNEY PAUCHE, Asst. Manager.
313 California St., S. F.
—OP THE-^—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. . OF TEffi
FIRE ASSOCIATION
f\T PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OT
VT -Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, a. D. 1901. aaa for th* year ending oa
that day. «s made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the Stat« of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and Ml of tho
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by th* Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up ...
in cash $ 500,000 00
•ASSETS. ...
Real Estate owned by Company.. 512,100 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,371.570 49
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3.132,919 25
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and.
other marketable securities as
66.850 04
Cash in Company's Office 28.973 7a
Cash in Banks v 244 355.94
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks aad Loans 28,833 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ¦
and Mortgages 80,141 99
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 888,240 93
Du* for Salvage on losses paid 1,013 41
Rents due and accrued ...."...... 2.660 S6
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 7,530 93
Total Assets $8,315.216 03
LIABILITIES.
Losres adjusted and unpaid $ 190,565 M
Losees tn process of Adjustment
or In Suspense ..# 175,935 64
Losses resisted. Including expenses 49.0&4 9tt
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,371,-
329 24: re-Insurance 50 per cent 1,135,864 62
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,566,-
455 07; re-insurance pro rata... 1.387.177 31
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual' fire' Insurance pol-
icies .; 1.906.027 47
AU other liabilities 360.649 10
. Total Liabilities .$5.265.083 36
INCOME. ~
Net cash 'actually received for Fir. ' •-
premiums $3,248,972 17
Received for interest on Bonds and '•
* Mortgages 85.972 07
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and /
from all other sources • 157.768 84
Received for Rents..... 25,752 20
ToUl Income $3,516,483 23
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $246,183 37. losses of
previous years) i $2,084,034 30
Dividends to Stockholders ..: 200,000 00
Paid - or allowed for Commission
. - or Brokerage 788.142 19
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 236.440 09
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ...; " 95,448 29
All other payments and expendi-
tures :.... 155.910 92,
Total Expenditures ..........$3,569,975 79
."••;•' v . . Fire. I
Lcsges Incurred during the year. .$2.223.716 90
Risks and Premiums. iFtre Risks.) Premiums.
Ket amount of Risks
written . during the ¦ .
year, $340,732,323 $4,359,881 92
Net amount of Rl3ks
expired during the •*-."
year 311,571.332 3.815,637 01
Net amount in ' force
December 31.' 1901. 408,113.644 4,937.784 31
~ . E. C. IRVIN. President.
M. O. GARRIGUES. Secretary.
Subscribed and swora to before me, this 22d
da7 of January. 1902.
, EDWIN S. GAULT. Notary Public.
SAN FRANCISCO DEPARTMENT:
J. M. BECK . ; . . .J.' ....... .Manager*
219 Sahsome Street,
— San Francisco, . Cal. -,,''<
* V - » TELEPHONE MAIK 5024.' . \'J^
• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
(S ¦'/¦- '¦¦•¦1? : --' : j
; S;- ; v. ; '--roop :
y will satisfy a hungry
baby. It is what he &
wants. Send postal £
for a free sample, vlt ,
MELUN'S POOD COMPANY, \
BOSTON. MASS. V m^X
Oppression. Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.-, cored bj
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Parts, J. ESP JC ; New York, E. FOUdERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
gg^H WONG WOO,
Uf CHINESE TEA AND HERB
. lK:I> SANITARIUM. ¦
JSg^M^M St., s. f., en.
*HfigMmW A LL DISEASES CURED
'mHFttfflg** - >* exclusively by ! Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used.' . Hours.
0:30 to 11 t.m.,,1 ti)3 and 7. to 9 p. m.
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
AXMAS TERM WILL BEGIN AUGUST 18. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nervous?
\ . Horsf ord's Acid \ Phosphate .
r quiets and strengthens the
nerves, allaying their -weak-
ened and irritated condition,
which causes wakef ulness,
nervousness and exhaustion.
It , improves the appetite. .
cures stomach ailments and
I induces refreshing sleep.
Insist on having
Horsfbrd 9^
Acid
Phqspha.ie
Baton BUM «t» *T«y OZSUCfX puitj*
STATEMENT I
"• •-.'/'•". -¦• — OF, THB — - ¦'• "* ••':
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- ¦';. 1 - : ' ''/ :. — . 6F ¦ THB —— • :
National Standard
¦ INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NKW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
- York, on the 31st day of. December, A. D.
1901. and for the year ending on that da(y, a»
made to the " Insurance Commission er of -th«
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
or sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by. the Com*
missioner. i . ; . ...'-••
CAPITAU .'; ¦' •
Amount of -, Capital Stock, ; paid up -
in cash ...$200,000 C«
¦/.¦'•,.•.':. . ¦ '; ¦ assets. " .' ;¦_• '~~- TT
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
bonds owned by Company........ $423, 650 09
Cash In Banks -... 101,427 "»
Interest due and accrued on all ;
Stocks and Loans .ii.. ¦ 1.0S3 33
Premiums in doe Coarse of Collec- :
tion 94,404 07
Total Assets $620,663 19
, . LIABILITIES. "
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 134.846 00
Losses resisted. Including: ex- .
penses ¦ 733 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $351,275 41;
reinsurance 50 per cent... ........ 175,637 79
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- . -
nlng more than one year, $73,- *
271 07; reinsurance pro rata 42.139 43
AU other Liabilities 63.133 81
Total Liabilities $306,404 07
. > INCOME. ;" • . . .
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .$404,943 27
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from J '
all other sources 13,242 11
>. Total Income $418,100 38
EXPENBITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding: $19,543 00, losses of pre-
vious years) $216,775 17
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or -
Brokerage 121,763 IS
Paid for Salaries, ' Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 3,215 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes j 11.017 41
All other "payments and expenditures 3,147 64
Total Expenditures $379,923 40
~~Flre.
Losses Incurred during 1 the year... '.$234. 421 17
Risks * and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
.Net amount of Risks
.'.written during the /-; -"•
year ...... $56,024,231 $661,912 06
Net amount of Risks
r- expired during" the •'¦.•"
•year 40,177,383 460,65113
Net amount In force ._¦• . . ¦. ...
.. December 31. 1901.. 37,230,491 424.546 43
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. President.
EMIL G. PIEPER. Secretary. -.,. = -. ,
. Subscribed and sworn to bef ora me, this 7th
day of February, 1902.
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public.
'Pacific Department
C. A,/ HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Stpeet,
San Francisco, Cal.
STATE7V\ENT
; OF THE -^r- > ""
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦-. . OF THE ¦ - v
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of ;Decemb«r. A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of. California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
missioner: 1 :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in •
cash ..,.. $200,000 00
•ASSETS. 1 •
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and ' '
Bonds owned by Company $433,750 00
Cash in Banks :. 64.6S2 17
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,166 67
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion v ... 88.745 23
Total Assets $SS8.344 12
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 34,220 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 250 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ing one year or less, $346,871 11;- - -- -
- reinsurance 50 per cent 173,435 56
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
' ning more than one year, $76,-
160 75; reinsurance pro rata 43.918 99
AU other Liabilities 47,767 99
Total Liabilities .......$290,592 54
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flr«
premiums '. . .$402,976 67
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 11.798 65
Total Income , ....$414,775 22
EXPENDITURES. ~ ""*
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $218,897 6fl
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ; 121.3D2 61
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other .
charges for officers; clerks,, etc • 3.633 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 9,607 42
All other payments and expenditures : 8.707 31
- Total -.Expenditures $381,240 00
: . . • • • Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. ...$234.576 66
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of ' Risks
written during • the . • - ¦
year $53,761,834 $617,527 22
Net amount of Risks .- , ;• , ¦ ;. .
expired during the
year 40,317.021 485,093 83
Net amount ¦ In force S
December.31. 1901.. 86.878,830 423.031 SC
R. C. RATHBONE, President.
-¦'-;¦ EMIL G. PIEPER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
day Of February, 1902. \ ¦. . ¦ ¦ ¦
CHRIS. BAMBART. Notary Public.
Pacific Department
C. A. HENRY & CO.,
J/ 215 Sansome Street,
. , r San Francisco, Cal.
Weekly CaU 9 $i.op per Year
oo'o'oo'oo'o'o'o r ' "¦;'¦ 0SS0S00S0S
ooSSoSooSo B O tttj AV\U« Wtf%/\Tr» 2222222°2 C
iiiiiiiiii i/auger opots \$£b$\
iiiiiiiiii . ,* r iiiiiiiiii
IIIlllllll Ifl fliP SS-SSSSS22S
%%%%%%%%%% "* *UV SSSS2-SS22S
OOOOOOOOOC " ' OOtOOOOOOO
ssssssssss Lai til' o vlllM;"""""
OOOOOCOOOC ... ... OOOOOOOOOO
SoS'SSSSSSS READ WHAT SCIENTISTS SAY SSSSSSSSSS
oooooooooc Acntrr -ructr ooooodoooo
oooooooooo • ABOUl THEM. oooooooooo
—^ oooooooooo
000
DAILY LIFE ON A BATTLESHIP. °o» THE NEW MISSION OF THE
By Alfred Dezeadort 000 DANCING SCHOOL.
TRAINING ANIMALS FOR THE 000 GET THE SUNDAY CALL POSTER
zoo- . %%% page. ; ,
- Ey Colonel Daniel Boooe. % % ° The poster fad girls wUl now have
SAN FRANCISCO'S YOUNGEST oSp ¦ < Jf a f e t0 «f cure posters by The
MILLINER. " ggg Crfl. best artMte.
The story of a •cven^ycar/old girl I ° o SEE ,THE COSTUME POSES BY
who makes her own hats. , g°§ SAN FRANCISCO SOCIETY LA-
BASKET BALL, THE SCHOOL* 000 DIES -
GIRLS' GAME, o§o READ THE NEW WOLFVILLE
With aiustrations of crack teams in 0 Zc STORIES BY ALFRED HENRY
action- I2o LEWIS.
OOuOOOOOOO "^ a
ocoooooooo' '*!'¦¦ ' oooooooooo
oooooooooo V& TF "W WW\ oooooooooo
ocococoooc B% I H \t tJ[ n oooooooooo
ooocoocooc I R a^. u oooooooooo
ooooooococ j VI a 1 B *L H oooooooooo
ooccoooooc Ml. iX. »— « A tk B oooooooooo
©¦o ooooeooo • ' - oooooooooo
oooooooooc —. __ -.. v-i: ¦-:' r -V ' oooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOC IT ¥ S IT TP^k TS" "^ W 0O0O °°°0O0
oooooooooo B » I H Nk I m\ m \. W' °°oooooooo
oooocooooc i I 8% B Q £% V# oooooooooo
oooooooooo I ' I |%| I ¦ §\- W oooooooooo
oooooooooo gtf^l I I. li B U »-» H oooooooooo
cooooooooc I M ijf OWL B oooooooooo
ggg-ggggggg *+*+ 111^'ITL 1 . gggggg-gggg
oooooooooo oooooooooo
50OO00OC0C WWW OOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooo B 9 m ¦ K H oooooooooo
oooooooooc ¦ r r» B H oooooooooo
oooooooooc H #» 1 Q oooooooooo
oooooooooo B j^ SLA I i "- ' oooooooooo
ocoooooooc Jg m^^m B_J ¦ oooooooooo
ceo 00 o o ooc _ • ' ¦ ¦ .^^, ;.'¦'.- .'• o 00 o-o o o o o oa MONG the awful incidents' of the destruction of St. Pierre was the death of one hundred
/^k ond twenty-six girls who, with, the sisters having the care of these children, perished when
/ B the convent was destroyed by the deadly blast from- Pelee. The ruins of the convent are *
shown in the above illustration, together with the crushed ¦walls* of the old [fort and rem
nants of buildings along the shore. (Copyright, ipO2,by the Nezu York Herald Publishing Company.) -
, POTSDAM, May -29.— The Shah of Per
sia arrived* here this afternoon." He was
received •¦ by >Eniperor William, several
army " officers \of . high rank." Baron von
Richthofen.vthe-Foreign- Secretary, and a
guard. of honor. <¦--.- • •- •. -.
Shah of ; Persia . at Potsdam.
.STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May' 20.—
Miss 7Hazel Hope Webster, 7*02, . and H. ; R.
Spencer,? a business man ¦ of * Portland,
v/ere married yesterday .morning in Palo
"Alto.* ' The 'Rev. *.R.;. M. Webster of Los
Angeles, the bride's father, performed the
ceremony.. Immediately* after her wed
'dlngiMfs/ Spencer '.went to the ' Assembly
Hall and took her degree from. the depart
ment-of -English; <: ; .--•* ••—- --•-.>
Bride First; Then Graduate.
. TACOMA, Wash., May 29.— The , recent
heavy snows on the mountains have melt
ed, causing a disastrous washout last
night on the Clarks Fork of the. Columbia
River, on the line of the Northern Paciffc:
Railroad, near Bonita. Mont., and the
train schedule is badly demoralized. All
the overland passenger trains will have
to be transferred at Bonita and.Bonner
until the water has subsided and the
track been replaced. Just 'how soon the
conditions will permit this to be. done the
officials of the company do not know. -
Flood Interrupts the Traffic.
BALTIMORE, Md., ; May 29.— It was de
cided to-day to hold the twentieth trien
nial Sangerf est of the -Northeastern San
gerbund of America in this city the week
of June 14.11903. It is . expected that 5000
trained ¦ singers will attend. The associa
tion - has ¦ already : awarded a contract for
two bronze prizes of Mendelssohn and
Handel, for $3000.
Triennial Sangerf est.
VICTORIA. B. C May 29.— The tug
Eagle, which arrived at Vancouver re
cently from Triangle , Island, where she
took a party of '.prospectors searching
for copper properties, reports .that there
was considerable- wreckage along the
rocks of the out-of-the-way island, which
lies off- the northwest of Vancouver Js
land > and is seldom visited. Included
among other wreckage was a deckhouse
like -those of small - schooners, and the
remains of a man were found on the rocks
where the sea had washed them. The
deckhouse had no marks of identlfiacatlon
on-it.-.:- <£/' :.:¦ '.. ; : ¦•...•¦ ¦• "/ -. v ¦:;.
Wreckage and a Body Ashore.
: LOS ANGELES, May 29.— Henry Frls
bee, an; inmate of the Soldiers' Home,
was attacked with; vertigo early to-day
while standing in a second story window
of the main building: . He • fell to v the
ground below and was killed. He was a
member of the Fifty-ninth New York
Cavalry during the Civil War.
Veteran. Falls to His Death.
SACRAMENTO, May 29.— There is small
hope of an early settlement of the trou
bles between the Contractors' Association
and the Building Trades Council. Yester
day's meetings of the conference commit
tee were not productive of anything as
suring an amicable adjustment of existing
differences, but point rather to further
delay. From what can be learned, the
representatives of the council on the com
mittee made a concession to the emplqy
ers, but It does not appear that th% grant
ing of this concession marks the way to
settlement. It is understood that the
council's representatives agree to submit
certain propositions from the Contractors*
Association to the individual unions for
approval, pending which the resolution
passed by the Contractors'. •Association
April 8 will be held. in abeyance.
Strike Settlement Is Delayed.
WASHINGTON, May 29.— Under the
decision of the Supreme Court in the case
of Peter 'C. . Demlng, Secretary Root has
directed r that twenty-seven ex-members
of volunteer organizations now serving
sentences shall be released from confine
ment. Ten of the freedmen are now at
the Fort Leavenworth Penitentiary, and
the other seventeen are at Alcatraz^ Isl
and, California.. They are all enlisted
men. ¦¦ . . - • . ¦' »'- .'«....
Military Prisoners Ordered Released.
The delegates are amusing themselves
with various outdoor games, and at a re
cent football match the delegates from
the Orange Free State were victorious
over, the delegates from the Transvaal.
A.company of the Scots Guards as? a
guard of honor were at the games.
PRETORIA, May 29.— The camp at
Vereeniging, Transvaal, where the final
decision in regard to peace was reached ¦
has been elaborately prepared by the
British authorities with a view to com
fort and convenience of the delegates to
the convention now being held there.
The camp has been laid out in a square
two miles from, the Vereeniging station
On the Transvaal side of the Vaal River
there -are sixty bell tents and twenty
marquees. A plentiful supply of water
has been piped to the camp, electric
lights have been installed and a staff of
British medical officers are In attendance.
Generous cooking, and -catering arrange
ments also have been made. <
AT THE PEACE CAMP.
The Daily Chronicle's comment is:
"Mr. Balfour's statement was guarded,
but satisfactory. He holds out the expec
tation of a favorable result of the recent
discussions in South Africa."
WASHINGTON. May 29.— The Ways and
Means Committee to-day favorably re
ported bills extending to Tacoma and Se
attle, Wash., the privilege of immediate
transit of merchandise in bond and mak
ing Waco, Ariz., a sub-port of entry.
fnenaship can be at least as strong and
helpful as their enmity."
The Daily Mail says: .
"Whatever errors and mistakes— and
there have been errors and mistakes on
all sides— England has reached the end
and aim for which the nation has
fought. South Africa is saved for the
empire." v -
Reports Favorably on the Bills.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 29.—
President Jordan will ! leave on June \ 12
on the steamer Sierra for Samoa, where
he will spend the summer, in the investi
gation and classification of the fishes and
other marine animals of the Samoan is
lands. The work will . be done for the
United States Fish Commission, 'and Pro
fessor Vernon Kellogg o£ - Stanford will
accompany Dr. Jordan • as an assistant.'
Mrs. Jordan and Professor Allardice will
also be members of the party. .
Jordan. Will Go to Samoa.
HARRISBURG, Pa., May 29.—Ther©
have been issued from the State and ex
ecutive departments commissions for
about- 1600 coal and iron policemen since
the beginning of the strike in the anthra
cite coal regions. This morning applica
tions were made by fifteen companies for
the appointment of nearly 20O more and
their commissions iwere promptly Issued.
The appointment of so many special po
licemen is taken to indicate Ihat the coal
companies propose to settle down for a
long contest.
Secure Appointment of Nearly Two
Thousand Watchmen Since Be
ginning of the Strike. "/-'/.
COAL COMPANIES GETTING
* READY FOR LONG CONTEST
CHICAGO, May 29.— A jury to-day found
George D'Essauer guilty of grand lar
ceny. He was charged with stealing $40,000
belonging to Mrs. Harvey, his mother-in
law. The 'jury found that he was guilty
of taking $15,000. D'Essauer, according to
the testimony, got the money from Mrs.
Harvey by iraudulently representing that
he wanted to Invest and had spent much
of It in' traveling in Europe,- in pursuit
of an actress> It was alleged that ne
planned to "star" the actress, but that
the plan, fell through.. • »
Fails to "Star", an Actress.
E. J. BLAKE, consulting engineer Bur
lington system, headquarters Chicago. '
The injured: S. D. Purcy, roadmaster.
Northern division, both legs cut off, wiU
die: D. C Cunningham, superintendent
Northern division, one leg cut off, may
die; W. L. Brecklnridge. chief engineer of
the system, seriously; J. B. Bessler, gen
eral superintendent of system; seriously.
ALMA, Wis., May 29.— One man was
killed and four seriously wounded, some
probably fatally, in a. wreck on the Bur
lington road here to-day. A gravel train
on which there were six officials of the
road, including Superintendent Cunning
ham, was going on the switch when an
other gravel train coming from the north
crashed into it. The dead:
Line Collide With Serious
ilesult.
Two Gravel Trains on the Burlington
RAILROAD OFFICIALS
ARE HURT IN A _WRECK
and of Martinique are of the besfclass\of
negroes, 'many of them having been edu
cated in the schools of Paris. The whites
are in numerous instances descended from
old French legitimist families. The people
are very sharply divided into "bosses"
and laboring men, and the bosses make
up a social circle entirely their own. So
sharp Is the line of cleavage that the only
club for Europeans at St. Pierre was
•known ..simply as the "White Club."
The negroes' had a club called
the "Black Club." One of - the
old French' families, that of the
Perlnnelles, had a palatial estate in the
suburbs of St. Pierre, this being probably
the most notable private estate in the
West Indies. ' .
The "bosses" of St. Pierre were in near
ly every instance engaged in the manu
facture of rum, sugar or cocoa. The rum
factories are the most Important, the ar
ticle being manufactured from the sugar
cane, which iff raised in great abundance
in the plantations of the neighborhood.
The most Important of the rum factories
belonged to M. de Garagarrl,' M. Savon
and M. Berti. The Berti plant consisted
of some five distinct distilleries/valued at
about $500,000. The extensive sugar plant
belonging to Dr. Guerln, ' and valued at
about $200,000, was destroyed by the vol
cano. ¦ ' ¦ . . :
The seat of the government of the island
is at Fort, de France. St." Pierre, how
ever, was the chief commercial city, ofthe
island. The municipality was governed
by, a Mayor and council of twenty-seven
members. ¥ The Mayor ' was M. . Hyacinthe
Nicole,- with tRene • Clavius-Marius and
Amedee Knight as deputies. The munici
pal government was -housed in one of the
many fine, buildings of the city.
The topography of St. Pierre was pecu
liar. Facing the sea, with no land protec
tion whatever from tides, its harbor was
not a^ safe refuge for ships in time of
storm. The beach was so abrupt, never
theless,', that -heavy., draft steamships
lound it possible to go within fifteen or
tweny yards of the shore, there transfer
ring their cargoes to barges and lighters;
which could steam up and down the mile
or so of beach directly; bounding the city.
The buildings began- within a few yards
cf ;hlgh tide point, and^covered the "land,
inspite.of a very abrupt slope,- for near
ly a mile inland. -^ The River Blanche is
about a mile and ,a half above, the upper
boundary of : the city. This is the most
important. 1 stream of the. neighborhood,
but- it. Is not navigable. ....
'^Distinctive I among the' buildings of the
clty:,was< a. Catholic cathedral, \ presided
over by -Mgr. Marie Charles, Alfred -de
Cormont:, This was a. magnificent -struc
ture for such a small. city, and was- built
many "years , ago.' In the diocese of St
Pierre * there • wore ."¦: three ..' churches - and
Several • small chapels. 1 In addition there
was a. Jesuit college of no insignificant
proportions, ¦¦- there being, about thirty-five
.professors in the. faculty. • •, /;¦¦>••¦.,.
The business of 'the city, "outside of the
export. ;trade,- was" done, through •¦ retail
stores. ' There"' were . twelve v. dry * goods
stores, '¦- two ' large -hardware « stores,-, mak
ing a -specialty- of farming- materials,- and
Professor Lawson of Berkeley Predicts That the Island o
Martinique Is Doomed to Desolation.
four brokers. The money of the city was
iargely. handled by the Banque de la Mar
tinique, founded in 1S51j with a capital of
3,000,000 francs. In addition, there, were
in St. Pierre agencies of the Bank of
France. and the- Colonial Bank of London.
The city, maintained a complete public
school system. There was a fine hotel,
known as: the Pierre Crbcquet, where
many persons went on visits from France
to enjoy the climate of the island. • Just
outside the city v there was an -elaborate
botanical garden, where . a superb collec
tion of tropical plants had been gathered.
One. of the features" of this garden, and
one which illustrates the eccentric to
pography of the country, was a water
fall, dropping some 300 feet.
¦ There were no railroads or street cars
in or near the city. The island Is too
mountainous to allow of the building of
railroads: For that reason the only means
of reaching the interior was over \ the
great highways. There were only a very
few "of these, owing to the extreme diffi
culty of building them.
After the short eruption of Pelee in 1851
the fumes and fires sank back -in the
earth, and in the heart of the cone a
small -lake formed.
So confident were the people that there
was no danger lurking within that mound
that they" built a large recreaation resort
at Morne Rouge, a beautiful place high
up. on the . ridge connecting Pelee with
Carbet, on the south, and on the road
from, the city/ to the crater, about \ four
miles, from either. Toward this resort
and toward^ the crest of .the hill itself
ran the only roads leading from the city.
Morne Rouge was a place where a large
number.- of the people of ¦ Martinique
sought rest in the hot summer months.
The population of the place in the height
of the season was several thousand. /At
this period of the year It was generally
inhabited by 700 or 800 persons. ....-¦
. . • • -¦ • ¦ r / ¦
¦¦ ERKELEY, May - 29.—Frofes
fS - a sor A. C. Lawson, head of the
Bf—^f geology department of . the
Ef ' gV University of California and
iS Mf an acknowledged authority on
™* geological subjects among the
scientists of the country,
made statements to-day relative to the
present disastrous eruptions of Mont Pe
lee, which throw new light upon the prob
able causes of the cataclysm and which
portend a dismal outlook for the distress
ed island of Martinique. According to his
statements, the present outburst may con
tinue for an indefinite time and will prob
ably result in making the whole island an
uninhabitable volcanic waste. . ;
"ITrom what I can gather from the^tel
egraphic reports, and from the statements
of the daring \ scientist. Professor Hill,"
said Professor Lawson, "the present erup
tion has only been equaled in history by
that of Mount Krakatoa in Sumatra in
1883, and its effects will ultimately be
more widespread than in the former case.
I agree with the present scientific opinion
that the explosive eruptions will probably
be more and more violent and it is very
reasonable to believe that the lava flow,
which has only commenced within the last
few days, will eventually cover the whole
island of Martinique.
; "In the casef of Mont Pelee, the erup
tion is the result of the inrush' of the sea
into the molten interior, of the mountain
through some recently established v sub
terranean fissure. This engenders the tre
mendous steam pressure which is "suffi
cient to' produce the powerful explosions
noted in the dispatches. . ;
"The eruption of La Soufriere on St.
Vincent and the earthquake disturbances
in Guatemala are all correlated with the
eruption of Mont Pelee, since they are all
traceable to the same underlying cause,
the breaking of that part of .the earth's
crust under strain and the inrush. of the
sea into the fissure, thus established: Un
til a gradual readjustment of the earth at
that point takes place, these disturbances
will continue unabated." . . . - -
BEAUTY OF ST. PIERRE.
Destroyed City One of the Richest
; - in the "West ; Indies. .
No city in the ' West i Indies surpassed
St. Pierre in the natural beauty of its lo
cation - and the artistic beauty of its
buildings/many of which were, more" than
250 years old, having been -built ;by Es
mambuc in" 1633-40. . There were' splendid
homes, "great factories and g magnificent
estates. The loss of the city means the
destruction of. millions \ of dollars'/ worth
of property, according to men .who have
been to St. Pierre and are familiar with
its business affairs.' 1 '/," '
There were more than 25,000, people. in
the city. Of this number only .- some 2500
were '_ white, and they, .were nearly ¦ all ; of
French descent. ... The negroes .of -the- / a .
LONDON. May ' 29.— William Fif © and
George L. Watson have collaborated on
the plans for a new challenger for the
America's cup, which will be built by tbt>
Dennys at Dumbarton. . Captain Robert
Wringe, who was with Captain Hogarth
on board the Shamrock I in her series for
the cup, will be in supreme command of
the new yacht.
AH the plans are now completed and ar
rangements have been made for closing;
the building contract. The satisfaction
which Fife^expresaed with the Thorny
crofts' worwfen the Shamrock I. made that
firm a strong competitor for the contract,
but Watson's influence resulted In the se
lection of the Dennys.
Flans Are Completed and Arrange
ments Being Made to Build a
New Challenger.
WILL Iff/VKK ANOTHER
X - ' TRIAL FOB THE CUP
Peace in {South*. Africa Is
Said to Be a Matter
of Hours.
WASHINGTON, May 29.— Hon. R. F.
Broussard, a member of Congress from
Louisiana, was before/ the Senate. Com
mittee on Relations with Cuba to-day.
He recently -made a trip over the entire
island of Cuba. He said his Investigation
showed that the American Sugar Refining
Company owned no very large proportion
of, the raw ' sugar ' that has been "man
ufactured. With this exception, all the
sugar manufactured' this year had been
hypothecated to men who- loaned money
to the • planters, and it was his opinion
that these men would- eventually control
the output. .......
"The American Sugar Refinery," the
witness said, "will get at least 99 per
cent of all the benefits granted by Con
gress to the Cuban planters."
. The committee adjourned until to-mor
row. \ . . - ¦: ;. ¦ •
The Cuban Sugar Question.
This morning's London newspapers are
all alike in tone, and all are of the opin
ion that the war is over. The Daily Tel
egraph saye:
"Mr. Balfour's statement in the House
of Commons, carefully as it was guarded,
ran have no other meaning than that the
war is virtually over, though peace may
not be yet established."
The Daily News remarks:
"It seems the Vereeniging conference
bas decided in favor of peace. The fu
ture of South Africa will not depend on
Um '•-.¦'¦¦¦'j- of englishmen to prove their
COMMENT/ OF PRESS.
Operators on the stock exchange, as a
rule, preferred waiting for a definite
statement before buying. Baifour*s prom
ise was interpreted farorably. in Thrbg
niorton street. South African, mining
shares were nibbled at, but the state of
indecision was not materially altered by
the closing: hour. Shrewd men are tak
ing their profits where they can, the feel
ing among many of them being pessimis
tic.
"I hope to be able to state to the House
on Monday the result of the recent dis
cussions in South Africa, but I cannot be
absolutely certain of being in position to
do that and until that (statement can be
made. I think it would be inexpedient to
take up the budget. There being a shad
ow of doubt as to whether I shall be able
to make a final statement on Monday, I
think it would be inexpedient now to an
nounce that we will take up the budget
on that day." i
The conviction that the announcement
of peace is now only a question of hours,
or a few days at the very most, was
strengthened by the words of Mr. Bal
four in the House of Commons/when re
plying to Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman.
iSaltour said:
TAKING NO CHANCES.
A member of the Government yesterday,
in reply to a question as to why peace was
not announced, if it was held to be at
tained, indicated that the notorious as
tuteness of the Boers which had often
brought about unexpected turns made one
hesitate to say anytnlng before everything
•was settled beyond the hope of change or
alteration. Had it not been for that there
would ha.ve been little . hesitation about
making a. i-peciric statement.
"We are able," continues the Mail, "to
affirm that peace is regarded as settled In
oincial circles. We understand that the
Ministers themselves, wnlie unwilling to
aumit it officially, regard it so privately."
U. \V. Lucy, tne veteran parliamentary
correspondent of the Dally News, one of
the most reliable and best posted men at
St. Stephens, Intimates that peace may be
proclaimed to-day, the King's birthday,
irom the steps or the Mansion House.
" in otner wyrus, it will agree among other
things to a. general surrender, ¦ carrying
v, j m it tne loss or indepenaence. Certain
minor details, none ot wmen should af
reet the main question, remain to be set
tled, it was this communication which
the Cabinet was hurriedly caned to con
siuer yesterday, wnen tne deliberations
lasted an hour. Ail the Ministers were
present.
It is possible, but hardly thought prob
able, that a semi-official statement will be
made to-day. From information received
in London last night the Boer delegates
whv returned to Vereeniging from Preto
ria, yesterday met representatives of the
commandoes and exercised their influence
for the acceptance of the British terms,
with the result that they practically
agreed to accept peace. Certain minor de
tails only remain to be settled, and they
are not expected to affect the broad decis
ion arrived at.
The Daily Mail says it is able to state
that the (joverement is in receipt of an
oincial communication from Soutn Africa,
intimating -tnai me rfoer minority iroin
wnuse irreconcnaoie attitude so much op
position was learea, win accept tne pie
iiimnaries oi peace.
LONDON. May 30.— Although the Gov
ernment has not issued any official state
ment, all the information available this
morning indicates that the Boers have
practically decided to accept the terms of
peace offered, and ihat the war is at an
end. The Government is expected to make
a formal statement on Monday in both
houses of Parliament
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Settlement of •• the -War
Will Soon Be An
nounced.
Malcolm is said, to have replied that one
of the heirs had kept the agreement, but
that he would not consult the others and
departed ' with the . declaration that he
would return a week hence for the money,
failing to receive- which he should resort
to desperate means.
NEW YORK, May; 20.— In connection
with the Ford tragedy which occurred re
cently in this city, a story hitherto un
published is in circulation regarding the
cause of tlie_shootlng which cost the lives
of the- author,' Paul:' Leicester Ford, and
¦his brothcr.-Malcolm;. the famous athlete.
It is : . to the effect that Malcolm, who was
not provided for in his father's will, noti
fied Paul' a week before the shooting that
he must have $25,000, which he claimed
was his due because he a waiver
permitting the probating of the. will. He
is said' to have, declared he needed the
money badly and to. have become much
ine'ensed when Paul replied that-he-dld
not have the sum on hand, adding that
he should consult other members of the
family. '
PUEBLO. May 29.— In addition to the
tig washouts on the Santa Fe Railroad
near Las Animas, caused by the rush of
water from the Purgatoire River into the
Arkansas, a special to the Chieftain to
day reports that the bridge over the Ar
kansas at Holly, near the Kansas State
line, has gone out. It is i stated at La
Junta that the gaps 'cannot be crossed
fcr several days. A switch has been laid
at Boone station, fifteen miles from
Pueblo, to connect the Santa Fe with the
Missouri Pacific, and trains are sent
around over that road to Scott City,
Kans., thence by a branch to regain the
Santa Fe main line.
GUTHRIE. O. T., May 29.— Residents ot
Woodward in this county say the Santa
Fe bridges over both the North Canadian
and South Canadian rivers were washed
out and the city isolated for several
days. This Is In the Panhandle division.
Six hundred feet of the South Canadian
bridge are gone, as are also all the wagon
Lriages over the Cimarron River in its
route of over 200 miles through Okla
homa. Rivers are again rising on ac
count of the rains. In the city of' Wood
ward the water stood two feet deep in the
streets as the reeult of a waterspout in
the hills near there. Reports of addi
tional damage are coming in from all
portions of the Territory. Mrs. wilcher
and son are reported drowned in Tiger
Cieek, near Perkins.
WICHITA, Kans., May 29.— Two floods,
aggregating fifteen feet of water, are
coming down the Arkansas River, and
the people along the river in Southern
Kansas are becoming alarmed. The first
one passed Dodge City at 12:30. to-day and
is coming in one breast of water five feet
high. It is due at. Wichita at 8 o'clock
to-morrow. The second flood is coming
in a wave ten feet high and passed Gar
den City at 2:30 o'clock/ The river here
will not be able to carry the water if a
threatened rain to-night falls. '¦ - . •
The membership committete's report
will be the most Important matter con
sidered. This has existed all alonsr, but
the day put an entirely new face on the
matter, and to-morrow will see a lively
Sight on the question. Rev. David R.
Miller, furnished the surprise by present
ing: : a memorial from the Lake Presby
tery containing a covenant to be sub
stituted for the basis of membershlo de
vised by the special committee appointed
a year ago, and which was referred to
day to a special committee that will re
port .to-morrow. The memorial asks that
the assembly send the covenant down to
the presbyteries as an overture, and sets
forth at length arguments In- Its favor. It
is essentially the same as the covenant
prepared by the special committee of
v/hich J. T. McCrory. D. D.. Is chairman,
but it provides for the repeal of "theMaw
of adherence/' now the principal
of the membership of the covonant. This
law requires applicants for membership
to subscribe to all the principles and doc
trines of the church. The new provisions
simply require profession of faith and re
pentance.
Little except routlre reports of the va
rious boards of the church and the stand
ing committee was developed to-day.
PITTSBURG, May 29.— With the elec
tion of Rev. Dr. James C. Wilson of
Erie as moderator, the appointing of
committees, the hearing of reports and
consideration of routine . business the
commissioners to the General Assembly
cf -the United Presbyterian Charch-'put
the forty-fourth annual session well un
der way. . . ¦
New Version of Murder
and Suicide of Ford
Brothers.
Residents of Southern
¦ Kansas Are Becoming
Alarmed.
Vexed Question Pops Up
in United Presbyte
rian Assembly.
BOERS YIELD
TO TERMS OF
THE BRITISH
DEADLY THREAT
IS CARRIED OUT
EXPECT FIGHT
ON MEMBERSHIP
RISING RIVERS
THREATEN LIFE
I „ THE SAN FRANGISCO CAIit/j; FRIDAY; ; MAY 30, 1902.
MARTINIQUE ISLAND IS STILL IN DANGER OF UTTER DESOLATION
3JOPLIN. Mo., May 29.— Rube Ferns to
night knocked out Owen Zelgler of Phil
adelphia with a left hook to the jaw in
the third round of what was scheduled as
ft twenty-round bout. '. .
Ferns Knocks Out Zeigler.
LONDON, May 29.— The first of five
test cricket matches between Australia
and England commenced to-day 'at Bir
mingham. The home eleven batted, first
and at the close of play the score was 351
runs for nine wickets' down. Tyldesley, a
professional player, made the top score
13$ runs. 1
Five Test Cricket Matches.
'There will be a handicap golf tourna
ment over eighteen holes to-day on the
links of the San Francisco Golf Club.
The San Rafael Golf Ciub players will
bo busy to-day. a?id -to-morrow, three com
petitions being" on the . programme. At
6:30 -a. m. the qualifying rounds for the
club troplft'. and "the- women's cup will
begin. At 3 :30. In the afternoon there will
be. driving competitions for men and for
¦women. To-morrow at 9:30 In the morn-
Ing the' first match play round for thc
women's cup will begin among the eight
lowe« scorers In the qualifying rounds.
At 1:9) p. m. the first match play round
for the club trophy and also for the sec
ond eight prize will begin.
Golf on Various Links.
The ninth annual class flag regatta of
the California Yacht Club of Oakland will
also take place to-day, the* yachts being
divided into three classes. .
The 20-footers will start at 11:45 a. m.
the yawls at 11:55 a. m., the 25-footers at
12:05 v. m., the 30- footers at 12:15 p. m.,
the S6- footers at 12:25 p. m. and the yachts
in class one at 12:35 *>. m. '¦ .
Two annual yachting regattas will take
place on the bay to-day — the seventeenth
held by Corinthian Yacht Club and the
ninth heM by California Yacht Club. The
Corinthian yachts will sail in six classes.
The 20-footers entered are the sloops Ven
ture, Dart, Witch, Doris and Stella, the
cat yawl Caprice and the yawl Kittiwake.
In the special class are the yawls Arctu
rus. Naiad, Spray, Nereid and Wave. The
25- foot class includes the sloops Phoeni
cia, Cupid, May, Belle, Ceres, Merope,
Mist, Josie,- Discovery, Ruby and Fleet
Wing.- In the 30-foot class, are the old
rivals Presto, Aeolus and Truant, and the
sloops Amigo, Halcyon, Mignon, Emil:«,
Sans Souci and Comet. The 36-footers are
the sloops Emma, Queen, Freda, Neptune,
Edna. Genesta and the defender, , Har
poon. Class one consists of the sloops
Speedwell, Rover, Clara, Nixie and Mis
chief. 1.
Will Compete in Their Hespec
tive Classes.
Corinthian and California Club Boats
YACHT CLUB REGATTAS
WILL BE SAILED TO-DAY
DECORATION DAY SPORTS
BOTH ON LAND AND WATER
HORSE SHOW.
Burlingamc Country Club. Open-air fete; open to the public. . Trains leave Third ¦ and
¦..Toivnsend streets p a. m., 10:30 a. m. and 11:30 a. m., returning 4:34, 5:29 and 6:44.. ¦-.' ¦•
;; • - ¦'-. ""¦„ ¦;¦•"¦¦ COURSINC. :v / ." v v : /-* -\.i«
Union Coursing Park — tzco holiday stakes — sixty-four entries. IPllPfi
V ¦ y- YACHT RACES. : -'A' : 7} <
Annual Corinthian Yacht Club regaita and California Club regatta, 12 m. • \
Recreation Park— Oakland vs. Sacramento) : 10:30 a. in. and 2:30 p.m.
TROTTING RACES. \ ~ WIJM
Golden Gate Park Driving Association at Oakland Racetrack, 1:30 p. m. Admission 25
cents — ladies free. • / : • .
CALEDONIAN CLUB GAMES.
Annual gathering and games of Caledonian Club, at Shell Mound Park, Oakland. .
C&dsSfCOUNTRY RACE. y '
Pacific Association of Amateur Athletic . Union, two-mile handicap, in Golden Gate Park
Calif ornia Tennis • Club courts— Matches 'to decide championship of San Francisco County.
. Santa Cruz eleven vs. Pacific clcuen, 'Webster-street grounds, Alamcda^u a. m\
Handicap 18-lwle tournament at Presidio golf link s for members -of the San Francisco
• Round three — Britt . commenced . proceedings
with a left to the head and followed It with a
left Jab flush on the mouth. Lavigne sent his
right over to the head but did not hurt Britt.
Britt was boxing fast and cleverly and sent a
right and left to the head. Lavigne landed a
right to the' body and Britt came back with a
left to the body, a blow he used throughout the
fight with apparently good effect. ' Britt sent
his left to the head and Lavigne missed one of
his left swings, getting a right and left In re
turn. Britt again sent, his right to the head.
Lavigne missed a right swing and took another
one In return. He sent a hard right to the
heart and missed an attempt' for a right to the
head. Britt Jabbed him twice in the mouth
Second round — Lavigne forced BritCto the
ropes, but' did no damage. Britt tried a left
to the head and missed. Lavigne missed a
right for the head, tried again and missed, and
Britt caught him coming toward him with a
right to the head. Britt followed this with a
right and left to the 'head, which dazed La
vigne for the moment. Britt sent over his right
again. Lavigne came back with a right to the
head.. Britt sent a- right to the body hard and
followed it with a right and left. Lavigne tried
again with his terrific right swing, but missed.
There was an exchange of rights to the head,
neither \ boxer, however," sustaining any dam
age.' Britt ' looked confident, while Lavigne's
face commenced to wear a haggard look. Britt
landed a left on the head and followed it with
a right and left to the face. Lavigne missed a
terrific right swing, the swish of his glove be
ing heard throughout the pavilion. Toward
the end of the round Lavigne seemed dazed,
but Britt was not able to take advantage of
his condition. . ' - .
at once assumed his crouching position, which
he never abandoned throughout the fight. La
vigne was the first to lead, trying a left, which
fell short. - There was a quick exchange, which
Britt ended with a right to the head. Lavigne
sent his left to the head twice, Britt . came
back with a right' to the head and Lavigne
missed a right swing. Britt came back with
a right and left to the body. Britt sent- a right
to the head and tried with a right and left,
which Lavigne blocked. Britt landed the first
good blow of the fight, a straight right to the
face. He followed this by missing a left.
Lavigne tried a right swing but missed. Britt
came back With a hard right to the head. This
was plainly Britt's round. He showed good de
fense,' and was as quick as a cat on his feet,
but was not gauging his blows well. .
FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
First round — There was considerable' feinting
when,- the gong sent the men together. Britt
After the fight Lavigne : complained '"of
his left forearm, a bone- in which he
broke some- time since. He went at once
to the office of Dr. Leonard. ¦ When the
tape bandage was removed from the arm
the member fell limp by the boxer's side;
Dr. Leonard found the large bone broken
near the old fracture and the small bones
broken In two places. It is apparently a
bad fracture. . Lavigne said he thought
it happened early in the fight. He swung
his left, which met a right swins of
Britt's. He took his ' defeat much to
heart, although he said he would rather
lose to Britt, of whom he Is a great ad
mirer, than to any one else. . -
The prate receipts were slightly In eic
ces of $5000- Of this Britt receives $1823 50
and Lavigne $624 50. Britt will gt> at once
to Harbin Springs, where he will spend a
couple of weeks louhgirg about. He has
agreed to fight George ¦ McFadden here
late in June. . . :
Britt secured a lead in the first round
which he never relinquished. After the
light he said he could have won more
quickly, but his seconds-held him back.
He came out of the contest without a
mark. He has a style peculiarly his own,
which is most effective. He still has the
crouching attitude, but relieves himself
by- straightening up from time to time.
He has abandoned the rigid style so ap
parent in his«.other professional fights
and is much improved by so doing.
and not disturbing Britt's placidity he
Bald to him, "You are a hard nut."
r. Britt looked the boy he is. His body
is round and smooth, his clear, white
skin giving no hint of the '• muscles ,of
steel hidden just beneath the surface.
KIs hitting power is something at which
to. marvel. Each timo he landed on La
vigne it seemed like the sound of a butch
er's ax: as he chops up a side of beef. The
power behind the blows was apparent as
L^ivigne staggered * under them. One
blow on the head sent him. spinning like
atop. . ;. . . ; . . -v
THE CONQUEROR OF. JTHE ONCE REDOUBTABLE GEOBGE LA.VIGNE. THE- S AGIN AW KID,- AND SO3&E OF
.. THE SPECTATORS AT THE RINGSIDE. AS THEY APPEARED TO' CARICATURIST WARREN DURING .THE
EXCITING MOMENTS OF THE FIGHT AT WOODWARD'S PAVILION. . ¦ .
Jr. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s. s." 5.1 1-2 2 20
Hannivan. r.f.. 2b... 6 1 3 .0 ' 5 10
Waddell. p. 5 0 0 0 1 1-1
Householder, c. f... S 1 .* 2 1.200
Rellly, 3b 3 0 1 0 0 3 0
Gibbs, r. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Anderson, c .'..*• 1 0 0 0 3 1 0
Hanion, lb 5 2 1 2 6 0 0
Slagle. I. f 3 0 2 13 0 0
Raymer. 2b 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Roach, c 4 0 0 00 9 0
Totals 41 & 10 6 33 8 2
SAN FRANCISCO. ,
• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McNIchols. 2b. ...... 4 1 2.0 2 5 1
McHale. I. f « 0 0 0 1 0 0
Nordyke, lb 5 0 1 0 17 0 0
Shugart. 3b 5 0 0 0 3 1 1
Leahy, c 5 2 2 0 4 1 0
Holiy. s. s :... & 2 2 0 1 4 1
Lawler. r. f 5 01 0 2 0 0
Delmas. c. f 41 10 3 0 0
Whalen, p 5 0.O 0 0 7 0
Tctals 44 6 9 0 33 18 3
Score by innines:
Lo* Angeles 3 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 1-5
Base hits .3011010021 1—10
San Francisco 10010 2 0000 2 — 0
Base hits .; .-..1002 0200 0 1 3 — t)
1 " SUMMARY.
Three-base hits— Householder, Delmas. Two
base hits — Reilly, McNichols and Nordyk*.
Sacrifice hits — Toman and Waddell. First base
on errors — Los Angeles 3, San '. Francisco 1.
First base on called balls — Off Waddell 3, oil
Whalen 2. Left on bases— San Francisco 9,
Los AngeleB UO. Struck out — By Waddell 10.
by Whalen 3. Passed ball— Anderson. Time
of game, 2:25. Umpire, O'Connell.
LOS ANGELES.
In the eleventh inning Holly hit a
grounder past third. Delmas sent an easy
grounder at Raymer on' second, but the
ball struck a stone and bounded far Into
center. Holly scored and Delmas went
tq third. McNichols hit over short, scor
ing Delmas. The locals got one run in the
eleventh and had another man on third,
but Waddell retired the side with a pop
fly. Raymer went to second In the tenth
and Hannivan to right field. Score:
San Francisco Wins Out After a Hard
Fought Game.
LOS ANGELES, May 291— San Francisco
won out in the eleventh inning to-day after
a game that was interesting principally
because the score was tied from the sixth
to the eleventh. Waddell was hit v freely,
but fielded 'the position in phenomenal
style. Whalen pitched good ball through
out, and was particularly effective at
critical stages.
VICTORY IN THE ELEVENTH.
Two-base hits — Francks, Hogan. Sacrifice
hits — Devereaux, Gorton. First base on errors
— Oakland 3. Sacramento 2. First base on
called balls— Off Schmidt 5, off Thomas 3. Lert
on base* — Oakland 5, Sacramento 4. Struck
out — By Schmidt L Double plays— Sheehan to
Hogan to Graham: Esean to Graham; Wagner
to Hulen. Wild pitch — Thomas. Time- of
game— 2 hours and 5 minutes. S Umalre — Mc-
Donald. , ' . ¦; -..,
Base hits 3 1 1 0 5 0.1 2 x— 13
SUMMARY.
Base hits 0 000 1 1 0 01—3
Oakland 0 0 0 O 5 0 0 3 x— S
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 2 10 0 0 — 3
Totals 30 3 3 1 24 23' 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, c. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hulen. 2b... 4 1 0 0 2 3 i
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 1 0 2 2 0
Eagan. ss 4 0 0 O 2 7 2
Graham, lb. 3 0 0 0 12 1 1
Wagner, 1. f, 4 1 1,0 11 0
Hogan, c 3 1 1 1 3 6 1
Cutter, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0-1
Thomas, p..*. 3 0 0 0 0 8^0
SACRAMENTO.
Totals 32 8 13 5 27 19 : 4
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f i 1 2 02 0 0
Mohler, 2b ...4 1 3 0 4 3 2
Lehman, c 4 1 30 1 1 1
McCreedle. r. t 4 11 0 0 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 210 1 2 « 0
Dunleayy, I. f 3 1 1 3 10 1
Francks, ss 4 1 1 0 1 7 0
Gorton, lb. 3 0 0 0 15 0 0
Schmidt, p „.'. 4 1 2 112 0
OAKLAND.
The customary ending happened at Re
creation grounds yesterday— Oakland had
the weighty end of an 8 to 3 finish. Young
Thomas delivered the twisters for Sacra
mento, while Schmidt was there for Oak
land. Thomas was not as effective as
usual, but, barring one inning, pitched tho
real article of ball. Schmidt had the Sen
ators corraled in the tall timbers and
but for three costly mlsplays would have
shut them out.
Oakland put the big kibosh on Fisher
in the fifth, when they slapped little Willie
around the lot for five bumps, and. aided
by errors the Senators were generous
enough to make, scored five, points./ A
couple of hits and a clever double steal
by Schmidt and JDunleavy put three more
to the good in the eighth, ending the run
getting.
Costly errors by Mohler and Lohman
sent two Sacramento, recruits over the
jumps In the fifth and Dunleavy's mult
of Hulen's fly and a single finished them
up for the day. *
The game started off in brilliant fashion,
but eventually cooled down. Oakland
made three hits In the opening round, but
pretty. fielding kept them from approach
ing the rubber. Francks robbed Hulen
and Eagan of safe hits by marvelous work
in the same inning and played a mag
nificent game throughout.
Cutter, the Santa Clara boy, played in
right for Fisher. He will do a pitching
stunt in this morning's game at Recrea
tion Park, while, old Mike Steffani will
officiate in the afternoon". The morning
game will be called at 10:30- o'clock and
the afternoon contest at 2:30. The score:
The Veteran Firemen's Association
will assemble to-day at the Firemen's
plat in Laurel Hill Cemetery, where lie
the remains of hundreds of members of
the old volunteer Fire Department, and
strew flowers on their graves.
A detail will proceed to the Masonic
Cemetery and to the Odd Fellows' Cem
etery and there do honor to the brave de
parted. . .
There will" be a special memorial conceit
et the park to-day, Paul Steindorff con
ducting, when the following programme
will be rendered: , \_ • -
"Ktar Spangled Banner"; inarch. "Hail to
the Spirit of Liberty"* (Sousa); "American
Overture" (national airs). <Catlin); "Funeral
Mai-ch" {Chopin); "Grand Military Tattoo"
<S«rr.); selection. "Pagliacci" (Leoncavallo):
pati-iotlc song. "The Old Flag Forever" (Leila
Krance); '•Overture to Subat Mater" (Mer
cadsftft); *olo for euphonium. "The Palms"
(Faure). W. H. Colvcrd; "Sorenata Cubana"
(Chambers); paraphrase, "Nearer. My God to
Thee" (Reeves); "Hail Columbia."
* FIREMEN'S GRAVES.
Metropolitan Temple. Fifth street — Overture,
American national airs (Theo. Moses). Ronco
viert's Orchestra; .remarks by chairman of the
evening. Comrade G. W. Arbuckle; invocation.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson; vocal. California Quar
t»t; remarks. Hen. Eugene E. Schmitz; con
tralto eolo. "My Flag" (Roeckel). Miss Elena
Roeckel. words by Madge Wallace: Lincoln's
"Gettysburg Address." Comrade Joseph G.
Crawford. M.D. ; vocal «olo. "Star-Spangled
Banner" (Key). Miss Minnie Hussey. accom
panist Mrs. Gerald Barton; oration, Hon.
Famuel M. Shortrldge; vocal duet, "Mother,
Can This the Glory Be?" (Stephen Glover),
Mrs. R. E. Partingtcn, ir.ss Minnie Hussey;
music — (a) "Old Flag Foiever" (Leila France),
(b) "American Citizen'* March" (Schmitz).
orchestra: vocal, "Freedom, Home and Native
Land" (AdamE). California Quartet; "Ameri
ca" (S. F. Smith), audience and orchestra:
My country, 'tis of thee.
Sweet land of liberty, , \
Of thee I eing;
Land where my fathers died,
Land of the pilgrim's jAle, •
From every mountain jmI,
Let freedom ring. . :.-
Our fathers' God. to Thee,
Author of liberty.
To Thee we sing;
Ixjng may our land be bright
With freedom's holy light, ,'<* : -
Protect us by Thy might.
Great God, our King!
"Btar-Spar.eled Banner," ' orchestra. Ushers,
members cf Fair Oaks Camp, Sons of Veterans.
EVENING EXERCISES.
Evening exercises will be held to-night
at 8 o'clock at Metropolitan Temple on
Fifth street with the following pro
gramme:
Firing minute guns. United States artillery;
tr-UEic, United SU-tes army band; remarks by
chairman of the day. Comrade J. H. Roberts;
Invocation. Rev. W. W. Case: vocal, "All
Horor to the Soldiers" (Boieldieu). California
Quartet; Lincoln's "Gettysburg Address."
Comrade Selden Sturge*; music (selection).
United States army band; oration. Comrade
A. 3. Buckles; vocal, "Peace, Be Still'." (Macy)
California yuarwt: music (selection). United
States army band; firing volleys over soldiers'
graves, detail United St&tes troops; "America,"
audience and band; "Star-Spangled Banner."
United States army band; taps, bugler United
States army.
FORMATION OF PARADE. \
The formation of parade will be as fol
lows:
Cpmpar.y of San Francisco Police. Chief
George W. 'Wittinan: grand marshal. Chief or
.Btoff Captain Jl. J. Kelleher; rhief aid. Major
6idr>cy J. Loo'j; aids. Captains A. B. Donnelly,
John Murphy. \V J. Watson, John Rainsbury,
¦Captain. A. C. Atllcr, Lloufejuant F. G. Wells;
Hand Artillery Corp*. United States army.
Lieutenant Colontl <J. S. Orlmes, Artillery
.Corps, commanding, and staT; Battalion Coast
Artillery Major C. \Y. Hobbs. Coast Artillery,
•conmanrting; One Hundred and Fifth . Com
pany Captain L. K. Burswss; Twenty-eighth
Comfany Lieutenant T. C. Lewisr .Twenty
x'.nth Company. Lieutenant Hints; Mncty
•econd Company, Capfain B. M. Koehler; Bat
talion Field Artillery. Captain D. J. Rumbaugh.
commanding; Eighteenth Baltery, Captain D.
J Rumbsueh; Fifth Battery. Captain J. L.
Harden- Band United States navy. Lleuter.
ant Commander A. O. Olmy. V. S. X-. com
manding; Battalion U. S. N. Training htaUon,
X'octfcWain James LeckK; Nat-.onal Guard Cal
ifornia, Colonel Thomas F. ONeil and staff.
Liruttnant Colonel John F. Connelly. Major
WUliam R. Robertson; Regimental Band; First
Battalion. Major George Filmer, Company F.
Captain J T. Eggert; Company G. Captain
William L. Wall: Company D. Captain H. S.
ilethewson; Company A. Captain George T.
Bellinger; Second Battalion. Major Thomas J.
MoCrea; Company I. Captain F. K. Moore;
Company E, Captain J. H. Jordon; Company H.
Capiein T W Costello; Company B. Lieuten
ant W F Kelly; First Artillery Band;
FilFt Battalion Artillery, Major H. P.
Bush and staff; Battery D, Captain Thomas J.
Cunningham; Battery C. Captain George J.
Pettv Battery B, Captain William N. Swasey;
Batter>- A. Captain F. A. Nippert: Troop A.
cavalry Captain Charles Jansen; signal corps,
¦Second" Brigade, Captain E. A. Selfridge; of
ficers and cre-vr V. S. S. Marion; Naval MlllUa
of California, Captain Thomas A. Nerney. com
manding; band; four-gun Hotchkiss battery.
Lieutenant Thomas S. Harloe; Veterans of the
Mexican War, in carriages. Captain William
L. Duncan: Grand Army of the Republic, Lin
coln Post No. L Commander George T. John
eon; James A. Garfield Port No. 34, Commander
61g L. Simon; Colonel Cass Port No. 46, Com
mander G. W. Arbuckle; General George G.
Meade Port No. 48, Commander William W.
Freeland; disabled veterans in wagonettes;
Girls' Choral from James A. Lick Grammar
fcchool in wagonettes; Spanish- American War
Veterans, Reinhold Richter Camp No. 127, T.
P O" Brien, commander; military of Columbia
Park Boys' Club; band. Major Sidney S. Peix
otto. commanding. Adjutant A. R. Moore;
Company A, Captain Philip Cornyn; Company
B, Captain Louis Holm; Company C, Captain
George Morse.
In carriages — Adjutant General George Stone
and staff, representing Governor Gage; Briga
dier General R. H. Warfleld and staff; Hon.
D. E McKinlay, orator of the day; Mrs. Clara
Bell Brown, poet of the day; Chaplain J. H.
Macomber, U. S. A., retired.
ATX VETERANS INVITED.
All veterans of the various wars are in
vited to assemble on Market street this
morning in front of the Grand Hotel,
whether they are members of the Grand
Army or not, to take part in the parade.
There will be a parade this morning of
George H. Thomas Post, G. A- R., Sons
of the American Revolution, Sons of Vet
erans and other patriotic organizations,
which will start from terminus Union
street cars at 11 a. m., and escorted by
United States troops under command of
Captain Edward A. Hardin, Coast Artil
lery. U. S. A., will march to the National
Cemetery. Presidio. The following will be
the programme of the day: -
• The head of the column of the Memorial
flay parade will move at 10 o'clock this
morning. The route will be from the Pal
ace Hotel up Market street to Golden
Gate avenue and thence to Van Ness
avenue. The head of the column will
halt at Geary street and the line will
face west while the veterans, pass.
Lieutenant Colonel G. S. Grimes will
review the parade from the corner of
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
Billy Condon and Gus Saulsburg were
the ' contenders in the first bout of the
evening. It was a rough arid tumble af
fair from the start. | Saulsbury was the
"stronger, but his opponent developed a
disagreeable left punch to the body which
took some of the fight out of : him. Con
don went out In the ' seventh round. It
was more exhausted nature than a knock
out blow that stopped him. Condon was
up and out of the ring without much de
lay. ' ' s
• Ben Lewis and Cyclone Kelly fought
desperately for • seven rounds. Lewis
knocked Kelly down early in the 1 second
round. He was up at once and went after
Lewis. He knocked Lewis through the
ropes near the end of the round. Keljy
went through the ropes in the third. They
stood with the ropes between -them and
fought. Kelly bled profusely from tl-e
mouth. The men fought all over the ring
Kelly getting the worst of the continuous
exchansres, -
Lewis' mouth bega,n to bleed In the
•fourth round. This was a desperate round
throughout. It was one of the hardest
slugging matches in the fifth and sixth
rounds seen here In some. time. Kelly out
gamed Lewis, who went to the mat sev
eral times.; He finally, quit in the seventh
after taking a. bad beating. Kelly should
have received the decision in the sixth
as. one. of. Lewis' seconds stepped In the
lL ng a nd£ a "ta»-hiin-?«-hi, corner before
the end of the rounjL \- - .•:•¦¦¦--
PRELIMINARIES ABE GOOD.
Eighth round — Britt commenced with a left
to the head and missed a right; Lavigne miss
ed a desperate right swing. , Brttt sent his
right to the face and Lavigne came back with
left to the body. Lavigne was very wild. La
vigne missed two rights and got a hard" left
to the head in return. Lavigne missed a right
swing and got a right to the body. Brttt rush
ed at Lavigne. The collision resulted in both
men going to the floor. Lavigne was under
neath. Both men arose quickly and Lavigne
showed th« effects of the Jar. He reeled about
like a drunken man and was at sea. Brttt
knocked him down a*gain with ¦ a right to the
heart. Lavigne was up in an Instant and Britt
showered rights and lefts on the now defense
less man. "Billy" Lavigne, a brother of the
beaten boxer, -Jumped into the ring and saved
him. from further punishment.
Seventh round — iBrltt sent a left to the head
and then I a crushing right to the jaw, which
sent ' Lavlgne. on the down grade completely.
Britt landed a left to the body and Just miss
ed a bard right, as he was not properly bal
anced to deliver a hard blow. Britt again
seat his jight to the head and the spectators
marveled that Lavigne could take the blows
which .Britt was delivering. Britt knocked La
vlgnB down with a clean right to the head.
Lavigne did not try to take the count, but
was up and at Britt. fighting like a demon.
He forced Britt into Lavigne' a corner and
Britt slipped to his knees on the wet canvas.
He was up in an .instant and kept feinting,
Lavijme trying to get him to lower his guard
co that be could land the knockout blow. La
vigne lasted the round out.
Sixth round — Britt sent a left to the body and
Lavigne tried with a right, but missed. Britt
again I sent his left to the body and . followed
with' a right which could' bo heard through
out the building. Britt sent a left to the body
and a straight right to the bead, which sent
Lavigne's weathtr-beaten visage back with a
jerk. Britt landed his left to the head three
times and took one In return. Near the end of
the icund Lavigne landed two rights to the body
and Britt only laughed. !» ¦
F."fth round — Britt opened proceedings with a
right and left to the body. Lavigne missed a
left ana got one on the head. They commenced
hiiticg in the clinches in this round. Lavigne
starting it and ' Britt at once taking up the
aggrtsMve work. Britt sent a left to the
mouth and each missed right swings. . Britt
landed a left on the body twice. Lavigne forced
him to the ropes and there wrj a genuine slug
ging match for a lime. There was a buzz
around the ring that Lavigne was fighting in
his old style. He tried one left swing that
wculd have put Britt out ¦ of the ring had It
landed, but like others before It went wide of
li« mark. Britt sent a right to the head and
turned Lavigne around, spinning like a top.
Britt ducked away from a hard right and
landed a left to the body. As they went t&
their corners Lavigne taid to him: "You are
a hard nut." •.-. ' v ¦
Fourth round — Lavigne was the aggressor
when proceedings opened. There was Ions con
tinued feinting between the boxers, Britt final
ly landing a light left to the head. He followed
this up with a right to the head and Lavigne
missed one of his usual right swings. Britt
sent a right and left to the temple. Had they
been a little lower it would have ended pro
ceedings then and there. Britt sent his right
up under Lavigne's guard and under the chin
and followed with a right to the body, then
two swift lefts to the face. Both missed right
swings to the head.: Britt sent his left to the
body and Lavigne landed his right as the bell
sounded the end of the round. Neither boxer
sustained much damage in* this round. '. .
.The mail will leave Dawson City on
June 15 for all points on the Yukon and
Koyukuk rivers. The last clerk will leave
on the St. Paul on June 3 and go to St.
Michael, there to commence duty on the
river steamers.
There will be a postal clerk on every
steamer operated by the Northern Com
mercial Company during the summer, and
instructions have been sent to the chief
clerks at St. Michael and Eagle to swear
in any purser who may he running on any
steamer' that is not included in the sched
ule. At all points postal clerks are au
thorized to deliver mail to responsible
persons , wherever boats may stop. , ¦
with hl3 left and sent a glancing right to the
head. Britt was clearly the best in this round,
Lavigne already looking beaten.
LAST CLEEK TO GO IN.
WILL BEAT STEAMERS. •
This at most will take only six days,
so that mail will arrive at the mouth of
the river several days before ocean
steamers arrive there starting from Seat
tle on the same date.
. The effect -of these arranzements will
be the abandoning " of St. Michael in
forwarding mail to Yukon River points,
but mail for St. Michael and Nome will
be sent in by steamer from Seattle as
heretofore. Mr. Thrall has let contracts
for carrying mail to Frank Waterhouse &
Co., .the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany, the Pacific Packing and Navigation
Company and the Northwestern Commer
cial-Company, all of which operate steam
ers between Seattle and the mouth of the
Yukon. In 1900 four clerks were detached
to make the round trip from Seattle to
Dawson, and in 1901 six clerks made, the
round trip. This year fourteen clerks will
make three trips each between Dawson
and St. Michael, being forty-two trips
in all, and will stay till the close of the
season, about October 1.'
Two of the postal clerks have gone in
overland,' nine- of the clerks went up on
the Dora on May 20, and ¦ two ' clerks will
go in overland, via Skagway and Daw
son,- with shipments of 50u0 pounds of ac
cumulated winter's mail, which is due to
leave Seattle on May 30.
From four to six weeks is to be saved
in the future In the carrying of malls to
Yukon River points. Instead of sending
accumulated mall -via St. Michael, the
Postoflice Department will ship it to Daw
son through Skagway and over the White
Pass Railroad. . -
This plan was originated and has been
successfully carried through to a work-
Ing basis by H: P. Thrall, superintendent
of.- railway mail service. By 'this method
all points dn the Yukon River will be sup
plied before July 1,. commencing with a
supply, from Eagle about June 17. which
win- mean a difference of at least four
weeks, \and should - the ice be later, in
breaking. ,: up: than usual the difference
wllr.be- greater. • '
Mr. Thrall lately returned from SeattH.
where -he has completed arrangements
for the dispatching of the mails with the
White Pass and Yukon Railway and with
the Northern Commercial Company. This
company has lately finished building a
new steamer on Lake La. Barge, named
the Koyrukuk, which, on its arrival from
White Horse at Dawson, will carry part
of the acumulated mail and rush it up
to the* Koyukuk River and, down to Bet
ties, which is fast becoming a point, of
prominence, while the Yukon River mail
will be : placed on another steamer.
Evening Exercises Will Ee
Held in Commemoration
of Departed.
Superintendent -J Thrall Per
;;fects Scheme for Saving
Weeks of Time.
Schmidt Mystifies Fisher's
Men at All Stages of
the Game.
Thomas' Curves Batted
Hard and Often by
Commuters.
Many Organizations Will
March to Do Honor
to Heroes. .
Letters for Yukon River
Points to Go Via
¦¦•;'•» Skagway. \
Calif ornian Hasia Clean Lead Throughout a Desperate Fight and
Shows Wonderful Improvement . Over • His- Other \ Bouts.
Will Be a Hard Man to in Future Ring Contests
LARGE PARADE
TO BE FORM ED
OAKLANDERS
WIN EASILY
WILL IMPROVE
MAIL SERVICE
BROTHER OF THE MICHIGAN BOXER
STEPS IN RING AND ENDS CONTEST
BRITT DEFEATS LAVIGNE AFTER EIGHT ROUNDS OF HARD FIGHTING
PROTECT LIFE
AND PROPERTY
Colonel Wagner Praises
Philippine Concen
tration Camps.
Says People Were Well Fed
and Provided For by the
Army. *
WASHINGTON, May 23.— The Commit
tee on the Philippines to-day heard the
testimony of Colonel A. L. Wagner, as
sistant adjutant of the general a^y, who
two and a half years in the fau
ippines. He was questioned about the
concentration camps ana described the
system by explaining the details of one
particular camp. In that camp the peo
ple in all cases would have their old
neighbors near them. So far as he had
been able to observe there was no evi
dence of want among the people there
congregated,- Moreover, they were . sur-
Drisingiy contented. They were at liberty
tolo omride the line from 300 to 800 .yards
Beyond that distance was w 1 1 » t 4 1 J a> 5f'Jf,S
the dead line, beyond which the people
were "not permitted to go The natives
were given to understand that if they
crossed this line they would be shot, but
in reality the orders were not to shoot
any helpless persons or any others II tne
shooting could be avoided.
Colonel Wagner said that one of tne
principal purposes of concentrating the
natives in the Philippines was to protect
them against the ladrones, which had
been admirably accomplished, so that in
many cases what was called the dead Hn«
was in reality the life line.
PEOPLE WEBE WELL FED.
Another object of the camps had been
that of facilitating the collection or the
rice supplies in order to starve out the
ladrones and guerrillas. The result had
been that hostile parties had practically
disappeared, and their leader, Malvar, had
been captured. The army had been much
like a blind giant. It wa3 strong enough
to cope with the enemy, but was not
able to see where the danger was. The
policy had been necessary to protect life
and property, and he did not see how any
other policy could have been successful.
Replying to Senator Beveridge, the wit
ness said the people were well fed and
given medical supplies, and the sanita
tion of their camps was looked after. The
American camps in the Philippines no
more could be compared to Weyler'a re
concentration camps In Cuba than mercy
could be compared to cruelty.
A number of questions were asked by
Senator Culberson concerning General
Bell's policy in comparison with that of
his . predecessor. General Sumner.
"General Sumner," said the witness,
"was not allowed to take as severe meas
ures as he deemed necessary, because he
told me that hi was handicapped by his
instructions from department headquar
ters."
POLICY WAS JUSTIFIED.
Continuing, Wagner said that neither
Sumner nor Bell had been responsible, for
the policy pursued, as each was subject
to the orders of department commanders.
"If Sumner had remained in command,"
he said, "he would have been required to
carry out the same policy as Bell did."
He supposed, he said, that the orders
had originated with General Chaffee, but
he did not understand that the orders
were written. The policy had been Justi
fied by the fact that all the people con
gregated had now returned to their homes
and on the 4th of July the provinces of
Batangas and Laguna were to be restored*
to civil rule.
Referring to. the, policy of burning vil
lages, the witness said that indiscriminate
burning was not countenanced . by. the
rules of war, and that the practice of
burning the property of non-combatants
was inexcusable except in cases in which
it was impossible to separate it from that
of hostiles, and in cases when the enemy
was making use of it.
CLOSING DEBATE ON BILL.
Senators Still Show Great Interest in.
the Philippines.
.WASHINGTON, May 29.— Interest In the
Philippine debate is increasing as the dis
cussion draws to a close. To-day "tha
Senate galleries were thronged with au
ditors and the attendance on the floor
was larger than it has been for some
time, including many members of the
House of Representatives. Lodge cf Mas
sachusetts, in charge of the bill, offered
on behalf of the committee several amend
ments to the measure, the most important
one being extending to "the Philippines
the provision of the bill of rights of the
constitution of the United States except
ing only the right to bear arms and the
right to trial by jury. All of the amend
ments were agreed to.
Morgan of Alabama delivered an ex
tended speech In which he supported in
the main the bill as presented by the com
mittee. He said it looked toward peace
and toward a just and peaceful govern
ment in the islands. Some changes were
necessary in his opinion, but these he
thought would be made. He declared that
there never had been a pretense of or
ganized Filipino government in the Isl
ands and had Dewey recognized Aguin
aldo's claims he would have given aid
and comfort to the declared enemies of
the United States.
Clay of Georgia opposed the pending
measure in a carefully prepared speecn.
He regarded the action of the United
States since the ratification of the treaty
?l ??£{* £ s a great mistake and urged
that this Government ought to declare ita
purposes In the Philippines. Such action,
in his opinion, would put an end to the
trouble in the Islands.
Late in the afternoon Spooner of Wis-
S°,, n >, be S an a speech in support of the
Si 1 .,? . tne policy In the
Philippines, which is. to conclude general
debate on the measure by the Republican
side. *- He reviewed the situation in the
islands and said the responsibility for It
rested not on any one party, but on all
alike.
FILIPINOS LOVE JTJDGE TAFT.
Buencamino Defends 1 Civil Govern
, ment and the Army.
"WASHINGTON, May 29,-General Fellpo
Buencamino, of Manila, formerly Aguin
aldo's Secretary of War, called on the
President to-day. in company with Secre
tary . Root. General Buencamino was
taken prisoner by the United States
troops at the time ' Agulnaldo's mother
was captured; and since that time has
been at the head of the Federal Filipino
political party. iHe told the President to
day that his mission to Washington was
to correct some false\ reports that have
been put in circulation with a view to
discrediting the work of both the civil
government under Judge Taf t and the
army. The civil, government, he told the
President, was doing a really wonderful
work for good in the islands, and it had
been ably seconded by the army Thv
stories of cruelties perpetrated by our
soldiers, he said, were either wholly un
'true or greatly exaggerated. The army
had conducted itself in a way to elicit
and this. too. In the face of the Creates'
temptations and • provocations. Jud^
of r tK?vn n^ ndeflnIte tlmVat tffW
ho 1 te raffl S? l/Tlle Filipino-,
no saia, love Judge Taft for h« ri»w:
xo De tnelr friend. The eeneral will no-
t P he a Se b nlt O e re w^ h e , «g»PP«£ FSfinSKe^f
tne benate within the next few days.
Interclub Yacht Bace
Between the Corinthian Tacht Club'3
sloop Harpoon and the San Francisco
Yacht Club's sloop Challenger, for the
! ai \ Fl £ n , clsco challenge cup. May 31. The
Santa Fe a elegant steamer San Pablo will
leave from Santa Fe pier, foot of Market
street, at 1 p. m. A limited number of
Pa*sfngers only will be carried. Round
trip 50 cents. Secure your tickets at onca
at the Santa Fe ticket office. 641 Market. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO .CALL, FEIDAY, ;v MAY 30, 1902.
After he had gone a couple of rounds
he took on a careworn expression, and
when he missed his desperate swings, as
he did repeatedly, he shook his head .and
smiled dubiously. Once after bringing
into play all his knowledge of ring craft
and showing some of .his. old-time
LAVIGNE LOOKS CAKEWORN.
y|- IMMIE BRITT . defeated Kid La
: II vigne in . Woodward's .Pavilion, last
I night in the eighth round of one
Qj/ of the most desperate fights ever
seen here. ¦
¦ Lavigne was not knocked out. For the
second time in the same ring the brother
Instinct in Billy Lavigne asserted Itself
and he' jumped through the ropes and
spared the "Kid" the humiliation of be
ing knocked out and also saved him from
unnecessary punishment.'
Britt proved his master last night and
it was the consensus of opinion among
the spectators that it wilt be difficult to
find a, man who will bar the young Cali
forhiari*s way to the lightweight boxing
championship of the world. A marvelous
change has been wrought in Britt since
he fought Hegarty. His defense was im
pregnable and with but few exceptions his
blows went true to the mark. He never
lost >his head for- a moment and was al
ways ready to ' go . at any pace his op
ponent might set.
The marvel of the fight was the amount
of punishment La vigne took and came
back fighting. It was not the Lavigne
of old who fought last night. There were
flashes of the old lighting spirit and the
old aggressiveness, but the power to pun
ish had- vanished with the years. La
vigne is only thirty-two, but the buffet
ing he has encountered in fighting his
way to the lightweight championship has
left Its mark. His muscles stood out In
bold relief last night and there was a'
healthy tinge to/ his skin, but the eyes
lacked ¦ their one-time luster and their
fire. "
4Yosemite Via the Santa Fel
. Tbe quickest and most convenient way in
and out. of the Yosemlte Valley ,u by wiro!
the Santa Fe. If you leave San FrancUco to
<!*?«*? *• m - bn the California Limited you
are in Yosemlts to-morrow at S p. m
Call Ht Santa Fe ticket office. Wl Market
•treet. for. illustrated^ pamphlet and full par
ticulars. ¦ - , \ ,
More Transfers Asked For.
The Sunnyside Improvement Club met
lr S h 2 ! i ht ., and sent a petition to • the
United Railroads requesting the company
to Issue transfers from the San Mat eo
line to the FHlmore street line on ? the
same conditions that transfers are lssue-1
from the Mission street line to the Fifl
more street line/ e . * m "
Cross Country Walk-
The members of the Young Men's
Hebrew Association will hold a cross
country i walk^ in - the g vicinity of San
Rafael next Sunday, June 1. The mem
bers will leave this city on the 9 o™lo?k
boat and tramp all day through the val-
Supreme Court Frustrates Attempt to
Officially Schedule Length
of Man's Life.
James Burns, who was convicted of an
attempt to commit robbery and sentenced
to nineteen years'lmprlsonment, is likely
to escape- all punishment for his crime
as a result of a decision of the Supreme
Court rendered yesterday. 'The court's
opinion also annuls a section of the Penal
Code which treats of life imprisonments.
Burns pleaded guilty to several prior
convictions. Under the law, had he really,
commlted the crime,' It would have been
the duty of the trial . Judge to sentence
him to life imprisonment. The Penal Code
provides that the sentence for an at
tempt to commit a felony shall be half
that prescribed for the commision of. the
act. The trial Judge therefore found him
self compelled to give a one-half life sen
tence to Burns. After various mortuary
tables of insurance companies - had been
consulted, the prisoner ;was j officially
scheduled to live thirty-eight years and
sentenced accordingly to spend nineteen
years In the penitentiary.
The Supreme Court' says, "Death is cer
tain, but life is very uncertain." and holds
that the Judge's approximations have no
legal value- The. law in question is said
to be "clothed in the garb" of a Chinese
puzzle." . Without 1 consideration of the
other points of 'the appeal, the judgment
of the lower court is reversed and a new
trial is ordered. • >., \ ¦¦¦'.-
NEW YORK, May 29.— Policemen at
tracted by the shouts of alarmed residents
In an apartment building at 50 Second
avenue early to-day broke the door of one
of the fiats and found J. S. Keldain, a
dealer in cigarettes, lying on the floor
with his skull crushed. In an adjoining
room, lying on a bed, was N. Caraman, a
tobacco merchant. Caraman was shot
through the head. In one hand he held
a pistol and near him was a hammer. The
police believe he attempted to kill Kel
dain with the hammer and then shot him
self. The cause of the quarrel is not
known. Both were taken to Bellwue
Hospital.
Caraman died late this afternoon before
the police could obtain a statement from
him.
Two Men Are Found Fatally "Wound
ed In a New York Apartment
House.
POLICE THLNK IT A CASE
OF MURDER AND SUICjCDE
EMPEBOB, FRANCIS JOSEPH
ATTENDS THE CEREMONIES
Corpus Christi Day Is Celebrated at
Vienna With Magnificent Ec
clesiastical Service.
VIENNA, May S.^Corpus Christ! day
was celebrated to-day with the customary
magnificent ecclesiastical ceremony. Em
peror Francis Joseph, the Archdukes
the principal officers of • state and the
municipal authorities were present at
high mass in the cathedral at 7 o'clock
In the morning. Subsequently the whole
body paraded the principal streets, headed
by the clergy and banners cf every parish
in the city. The Emperor walked, bare
y>eaded, carrying a lighted candle, behind
the host.
A large party of Americans, including
Robert S. McCormlck, the United States
Embassador. Chandler Hale, the secre
tary of the Embassy; Captain Flov W.
Harris, the military attache, and .Fred
erick W. Holls, of New York, viewed tbe
pageant from the windows of the United
States Consulate.
A FINISH fight between the Sacra
mento River A r alley: producers
and the commission merchants of
San Francisco has been declared.
and the conflict Is scheduled to
open on Monday morning next. Both
sides are well prepared for the fray, and
belore the smoke of battle clears away
it is probable that the prices of produce
will come down on the run. Most of the
prominent growers of the Sacramento
district have organized -to protect their
rights, and their backing Is said to be
wonderfully strong In all parts of the
State. A half dozen of the larger produce
associations in California have declared
their friendship and support in behalf of
the growers. The commission merchants
of San Francisco have a strong organiza
tion, which has hitherto withstood all
attacks. In consequence a .battle .royal
may be expected.
The growers' new organization is called
"The Sacramento River Co-operators,'
although its membership Is in no way
lccaliz-ed. It is stated that producers in
general throughout the State have for
many years been practically at the mercy
cf the local commission men. It is al
leged also that the agriculturists have
been continually deceived as to the prices
which they should receive for their prod
ucts. They, say, too, that they have too
often not been allowed a just proportion
of receipts for sales. When they have
applied for redress they state that they
have been given no satisfaction. In con
sequence feeling among the producers
has become strong, and it has finally
been determined to make a mighty effort
to secure what they claim to be their
rights. A store has already been estab
lished at 503 Front street and fruit and
vegetables in large quantities are on
hand.
MEET MANY DIFFICULTIES.
The "Co-operators" were incorporated
at Sacramento on April 9, of the current
year. An attempt was shortly afterward
made to commence business in San Fran
cisco Independent of thp commission mer
chants.- l Application - was made ! to the
Produce Protective Association to be ad
mitted to membership. On last Tuesday
this petition was denied by a vote of 23
to 10. An effort by the salesman of the
growers' organization to conduct business
on the Clay-street wharf failed by reason
of the effect of a rule of the Commission
Merchants' Association, which says: "No
member of this association shall sell any
potatoes or onions from any wharf, boat,
car or railroad station in the city and
county of San Francisco to any one who
JUDGE'S GIFTS DO NOT .
INCLUDE OMNISCIENCE
Is not a member thereof, except for re
snipment outside of the city and county
of San Francisco." . • •, -" ¦
The reason for this quasi boycott, It is
alleged by representatives of the grow
ers. Is that the new organization proposes
to divide its profits with the farmers in
just proportions. Th« "Co-operators,"
hewever, being incorporated, are like any
other business firm, although the mem
bership is not limited.
It Is alleged that if the growers are
allowed to conduct business they will
materially decrease retail prices and pay
the producers better.
OFFICERS ARE SELECTED.
The directors of the "Sacramento River
Co-operators" are: A. T. J. Reynolds,
president; P. H. Gardiner, vice president;
W. H. Nichols, secretary; T. W. Dean,
treasurer, and L. AV. Myers, J. L. Aldrich
and J. Herringer. Other heavy producers
in the district who belong to the organ
ization are G. A. Smith, Charles Studa
rus, C. H. Davis, L. D. Greene, C. E.
Hansen, E. H. Myers, W. A. Kesnes,' C.
W. Jor.es, Mrs. D. D. Gammon and Cut
ter Brothers
. A. R. Sprague, general manager of the
California Fresh tfYuit Exchange, state3
that his associates are 1 with the growers
heart and soul.
1-resldent Reynolds says, that he and
his fellow organizers have assurances of
sympathy and support from all quarters.
He states that the members already num
ber thirty-nine of the more prominent
producers in the Sacramento River dis
trict, and that applications for opportuni
ties to ship produce to the company's
local sales house are very numerous. He
says that dissatisfaction with the San
Francisco commission merchants is wide
spread and has existed for many years.
BEGIN BUSINESS MONDAY.
Ben C. Dalton has been chosen for local
sale&man. He will commence to do busi
ness with retailers and the general public
next Monday morning. Produce will be
sold as advantageously as possible, but
sold nevertheless. It is presumed that
the commission merchants will adopt re
taliatory measures, but the growers state
that they have no 'fear but that, they will
win in the end.
It is expected that the growers In gen
eraj, realizing the advantages of dealing
with the "Co-operators," will cease to
conduct business with the commission
merchants and thus cripple them. The
producers are firm In the belief that thev
can continue the- struggle indefinitely.
Ihey will sell In any quantity desired to
any one who has the money to buy. The
name of their local house will be "The
Growers' Co-operative Agency."
Lecture on "Patriotism;"
Rev. Dr. Harper will deliver a lecture
on "Patriotism" next Sunday night at th»
Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church
South on Bush street. The lecture will be
given under the auspices of the Junior
Order of American Mechanics and Daugh
ters of Liberty and will be under the di-
i r « e a C m lO C l a °r f k C - | J " T — n_and-D, wl
JUHOES AEE REPRIMANDED
FdB ACQUITING MTJBDEBER
Against the Prisoner Was Direct
and Conclusive.
Judge Declares That the Evidence
CHICAGO, May 29.— A verdict of not
guilty In the case of William McFelridge.
accused of murdering his brother, brought
a reprimand to the jury from Judge Ka
vanagh to-day.
"I cannot understand how you ever ar
rived at such a conclusion," said - tin'
court. "If ever a man •was guilty. McFel
ridge was that man. The evidence was
direct and conclusive. I would not have
been surprised if you had Imposed the
death penalty."
William McFelridge and his brother,
Robert, had quarreled for years. Follow
ing a suit in a Justice Court last fall,
which had gone against William, the lat
ter met his brother carrying a little girl.
After a few words William McFelridge
opened fire and continued to fire as his
brother ran away. The latter died after
reaching home.
McFelridge attracted attention at th-?
trial by taking up his own defense and
continuing it five days. At the end of
that time he accepted the aid of an at
torney. He pleaded that his shots were
fired in self-defense. H said that Robert
had often threatened to kill him and that
he was justified in taking no chances.
Severai witnesses, however, testified that
Robert was unarmed and made absolutely
no move of a threatening nature against
William.
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call.,
TUCSON, Ariz., May 29.— El Correo tie
Sonora, a paper published at Guaymas,
Mexico, says that there is Imminent dan
ger of another Yaqui outbreak. Bands of
Indians have already visited a number of
settlements during the past week, killing
and robbing ranchers.
At La Carmen, a hacienda near Hermo
sillo, on Tuesday, ten Yaquis attacked the
place and killed the foreman and a cow
boy, besides taking away with them some
of the stock. Another band made its ap
rea ranee the same day at a ranch near
Bato Matal, where they destroyed the
property of Dona Juana Mayeoren, a
ranch woman, well known In Sonora. A
number of other settlements were visited,
end close to Guaymas the Indians were
seen.
The Guaymas paper says that it is not
known whether the Indians have all
taken to the warpath, but the situation is
serious and troops have been ordered out
to hunt down the Indians. The Mexican
Government has been trying to corral ail
the Yaquis and move them to an interior
State in the southern portion of the re
public Efforts in this direction have been
very successful, but some of the more
dangerous Yaquis are known to be out in
the mountains and ready to resist the
Government.
At some ranches this week stock has
Tseen found which was killed by Indians
In the raids made. La Carmen is near
Hermoslllo and the poldness of the In
dians is taken as meaning that they have
reinforcements ready to take up a fight
with the Mexicans. It was known '<n
Guaymas that the Yaquis are harassing
the settlers.
A sort of guerrilla warfare has been
kept up by the Yaquis for several years
and many of the most prominent ranch
ers in Sonora have met death at their
hands. Americans traveling in Sonora
have not been molested and mining man
si gers there report that they have never
bad troubles with the Indians. The griev
ance of the Yaquis is with the Mexicans
aiid it seems that terror has spread to the
haciendas- where the Yaquis have been
during the week.
Mexican. Troops to Have
Been Ordered Out to Hunt Down
the B?.nds of Vicious
Tribesmen.
Murderous Indians Take the
Lives of Numerous
Ranchers.
Yaquis Again Terrorize
the Residents of
Sonora.
WAR WHOOPS
SOUND NEAR
SETTLEMENTS
DOG CONVEYS
TRAGIC NEWS
CURIOUS GALE
LIFTS A ROOF
Six Bailroads Indicted.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., May 29.— Six rail
roads entering this city have been In
dicted by" the Federal Grand Jury. In
session here, on the charge of a "declar
ation" between themselves constituting a
pool i for. dividing pro-rata . the freight
shipped out of Memphis. The roads In
dicted are • the Illinois • Central, Louisville
and Nashville, St. Louis, Iron Mountain
"and Southern, the. 'Frisco Route, the
Southern Railway and the Nashvill-,
Chattanooga and St. Louis. .
Burlington Surveyors Are Called In.
OMAHA, May 29.— What is said to be a
result of the recent trip of James J. Hill
over the Burlington lines is the calling in
by the chief engineer's department of that
road of all the surveying parties now in
the field. It is stated at Burlington head
quarters that with the completion of the
work on the Great Falls extension in
Montana there are no new lines projected
for the present and that the engineering
department will not send out any parties
of surveyors during the present summer.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes Are Made in the
' Postal Service and More New
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, May 29.— Postmasters
commissioned: Washington— Llllle Mcln
tyre, Ravensdale; Anna Stephens, Bis
marck. '
Rural delivery will -be established at
Fowler. Fresno County, California, July 1.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— William. A. Frank,
Los Angeles,- $8; Carl Weber, San Fran
cisco, $8. Increased— Hiram E. Hatch.
West Oakland, $12; Wesley Eugene Bond
Bartholomew, Veterans' Home, Napa, $12;
Thomas J. Blake, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $12; William H. Wroughton. San
Diego, $8. War with Spain— Hector. Or
rock, Vallejo, J7 50. :• Widows — Minors of
Aaron H. Campbell, Kern, $12; Evangeline
C. Ely, Stockton, $8.
Oregon— Original— George E. Goss, Sa
lem, $6; Benjamin F. Hamell, Portland,
$6. Increased— Samuel M. Richards, Day
ton, $12; Romeo S. Bullock, Manning, $8;
Boyd Cannady, Philomath, $12.
Washington— Original— John McGilvaray,
Mount Vernon, $6; Alexua Lashaw, Rock
ford, $6; James Abbott, New Whatcom,
|6. Increase — Samuel W. Hansley. Arling
ton, $8; George F. Filer, Ortlng, $6; James
Sloan, Stones. $10; Charles A. Chessman,
Tacoma, $8; Joseph Packard, Orting, $12;
William B. West, Port Townsend. $8.
Widows— Adelia A. Lanning, Aberdeen,
$8; Olean Conrad. Centralia. $8. /Widow— ¦
Rebecca R. McCory, Clarkston. $12.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 29.— A remarkable
and novel cyclonic demonstration occurred
here at about 1 o'clock this afternoon.
A whirlwind, seemingly coming from
nowhere, struck Starkweather's livery
barn and spent its force entirely on that
structure. The roof of timbers and cor
rugated Iron was lifted off and the greater
part of it thrown upon the Lemon Hotel
adjoining. Several sheets of iron were
carried a block away. The north wall
of the barn fell outward, leaving a space
.unroofed 50 by 100 feet. Thirty horses
and many carriages were in the build
ing, but did not suffer the slightest in-,
jury. ;
The sun was shining brightly and the
day was very calm. Only those who hap
pened to be looking in its direction .had
any knowledge of the whirlwind.
Sheets of Iron Go Sailing in
a Big Wind From No
where.
Cyclonic Marvel Puzzles
People of Phoenix,
Arizona.
ALUMNI HONOR
MOTHER AGATHA
Faithful Animal ¦[ Howls
Where Its Master
Perished.
Jubilee of Ursuline Col
lege Superior Gele
> brated.
Ditch Tender Swept to Death
by a Great Mass of
Water.
Interesting Ceremonies at the
- Institution in, Santa
Rosa. .
A rescue party left for Bowman and had
a hard time reaching the dam over the
snow in the darkness. After putting in
several more gates to allow a better
search of the creek, the rescuers hunted
the stream until midnight, but found no
trace of Hippert. At' daylight- the search
was renewed, the body being discovered
a few hours later 200 yards away. Hip
pert was 28 years old. He had been in
charge of the Bowman dam for tw&
years. ¦ -. - ' • ¦¦¦>... ¦¦¦¦-. .'
He was just able to relate the terrible
accident, when be became . unconscious
and has remained so since. His condi
tion is considered serious. . :
Hippert was putting in ga"tes in a waste
way 10 hold hack ,the water, it being, the
custom to .allow the dam to/fill during
the sVimmer months. He was working
•alone, and had placed four of the forty
gates in position. Hippoit stood in a peril
ous position- in the aischargeV fall 'below
the waste way Instead of on a platform
built for the purpose'. He lost his.'foot
ing, was caught by the swiftly moving
waters and hurled 200 yards w down' the
canyon, where the body, was discovered
wedged under large .rocks.
'The unfortunate man; was missed when
he failed to come to supper. His brother,
John E. Hippert, made a search. He found
Andrew's shoes lying: on! the- bank:- : A
faithful, dog stood: on the. waste <¦ way.
frantically howling and" looking down the
stream. ¦ This indicated ,- to the anxious
brother the fate of the ditch tender. He
left immediately for Graniteville, seven
miles away, running most of the distance,
and reaching that place in less than an
hour. The trip overcame him and he fell
exhausted at the home of his parents.'
NEVADA' CITY, ""May 29.— Wednesday
evening Andrew Hippert, a ditch tender
in charge of the Bowman dam, met a
tragic death by being carried away in 40,-
CO0 inches . of water and precipitated into
a rocky canyon 100 feet- below.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
; Washington; :^tyio.—Tiie: Seriate :*corn
mlttee on Military 'Affairs- to-day authorized
a favorable report on the bill providing for
the retirement of General Brooke with the
rank of lieutenant general.
Jlrs. XT. S. Grant Buys a Grove.
SAN DIEGO, May 29.— Mrs. U. S. Grant
has purchased the fine' lemon at
La Mesa, this county, known as the Look
out ranch, for $20,000. It is regarded as
one of the best ranch properties in the
county, and was owned by A. S. Crowdei
of Spokane. . ; ¦
Commits Suicide in a Pond.
STOCKTON. May 29.— Andrew Jacobs,
sent to the State Hospital from Sacra
mento in 1876. committed suicide last
evening by drowning. , He divested him
self of his vest, hat and slippers ' and
jumped into a pond used for irrigating.
On being missed a search was made and
his body was found in the water.
Higher Wages for the Employes.
TACOMA, Wash.,. May 29.-^Notice.'was
given to-day that all employes of: the
Northern Pacific shops In Tacoma" will
receive an advance of 5 per cent in wage3,
beginning June 1. The order affects about
800 employes. ' >
-The Shingle "Weavers' Union of this
city has issued a , circular letter to the
manufacturers demanding an increase in
wages, to go into effect June l; the sched
ule to continue for a year. The mills are
still closed down under the two weeks'
agreement, which ends Saturday night. .
The commencement exercises of the col
lege I took place to-night. Miss Aileen
Markham of Santa Rosa and Miss Rene**
Kelley of San Francisco . received the
graduates' wreaths. A large crowd wit
nessed the graduation.
. In the world Mother Agatha is known
as Helen Mary. Reynolds. She Is a native
of Limerick, Ireland, and entered the Ur
stillnes at the; American home of the or
der in Saint Martins, Ohio, in December,
1S73. She was professed in 'May, 1877.
Mother Agatha arrived here in the early
part of 1881 to the newly established con
vent in this city. She has been the Su
perior of the order for .the past twelve
years and success has crowned all her ef
forts. A new college has been established
at Elmhurst under her' 'guidance and
placed on a sound financial basis. She is
a classical scholar and linguist of ac
knowledged, ability and her influence for
good is shown in the lives of hundreds of
young women in this State. •
I Tills morning' a solemn high mass was
celebrated in tsaint/Kose's Cnurch by the
Itev. J. M. Cassin, the priest in charge of
the parish. He was assisted by the fte.v.
P. p. York and the Rev. P. Casey of San
Francisco, the .Rev. John Rodgers of
Tomales, : the Rev. Father Leahy of So
noma, v and ; the- Rev. Fatner Metier of
Healdsburg. 4 The music was furnished by
a' special choir. "The alumni of the college
presented a museum, a library and a phil
osophical room at the convent here as a
jubilee giftUo Mother Agatha.
. In honor of the event many former pu
piis of tnev conege here ,were j in attend
ance and a reception was tendered Mother
Agatna in Same Ursula, Hall. An appre
ciative audience was present and an ex
ceptionally pleasing programme was ren
uereu. Tne rirst graduate o£ the institu
tion, Mrs. Eawavd J. Llvernash of San
Francisco, delivered an opening address
on behalf ot the alumni, and many mu
sical and literary numbers were given.
SANTA ROSA, May 29.— The silver jubi
lee of Mother Agatha, Superior of the Ur
suline College in this city, and the branch
of the same, Elmhurst College at St. Hel
ena, was celebrated last evening and to
day with ceremonies appropriate to the
occasion. ." ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, May 29.— A deed was filed
with the County Recorder here this after
noon of property in the upper San Luis
Rey Valley,; in the Pala section
from Nelson G. Douglass and Addella
Douglass and R. O. Butterfield of Los An
geles to the People's Mutual Mining Com
pany. The. revenue stamps indicate a con
sideration of $50,000. The property is the
Stewart -and: Mission mines,' located in
section. 23, - township 9 south, range 2
west. -They- are the famous lepidolite
mines,. which are among the richest in the
county, and over which there has been so
much litigation.-- • :.. : . •
Southern Mines Are Sold.
TACOMA, Wash., May 29.— Earl Scherr,
recently employed in the depot- telegraph
office at Tacoma, now at Helena, Mont,
has been notified that by the death of a
relative at Colorado Springs he has fallen
heir to $200,000. . - - -
Telegraph Operator the Heir.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 29.— R. M.
McKie, editor of : the ' Col ton » Chronicle,
was to-day convicted of criminal libel for
publishing in his . paper an article con
cerning R. C. Harbison, editor of the San
Bernardino Sun. McKie was fined $50.
Editor Convicted of Libel.
Prominent Growers Gird Themselves for a
.Finish Fight for Their Rights With
San Francisco's Commission Merchants
SACRAMENTO VALLEY
PRODUCERS ORGANIZE
THE SAK FKAiS[CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 30, 1902^
TWO OFFICIALS OF NEW "SACRAMENTO RIVER CO-OPERATORS.",
WHICH IS ORGANIZED BY PROMINENT PRODUCERS TO FIQHT
THE COMMISSION MERCHANTS OF SAN FRANCISCO. • .'
5
POAITS KIDNEY PILLS.
IFWOMENONLYKNEW
What a Heap of Happine«*It Would
Brine to San. Francisco Home*.
Hard to do housework with an aching-
back.
Hours of misery at leisure or at work.
If women only knew the cause;
Backache pains come from sick kidneys,
Doan's Kidney Pills will cure It.
San Francisco people Indorse this:
Mrs. J. K. Dorn, proprietor of the gro-
cery at 1109 Folsom street, says:*"Stead-
ily for four months I had backache; long
before that attacks occurred and when 1
they were at their height, headache, diz- I
zine<5s and loss of appetite accompanied
them. After I went to the Owl Drug Co
1128 Market street, for Doan's Kidney Pills
the annoyances ceased. The remedy is
well worth the money charged for it.
You are at liberty to send any one to me
for a corroboration of the above."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-MIlburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for. the U. S. - . ,, -•
Remember the name— Doan's— and take
no substitute. ..£: -
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. \
CLEANLY WOMAN
Erroneously Thinks by Scouring Her
Scalp That She Cures Dandruff.
Cleanly woman has an erroneous idea
that by scouring the scalp, which removes
the dandruff scales, she is curing the
i dandruff. She may wash her scalp every
day, "and yet ; have dandruff her life long,
accompanied by falling: hair. too. The
only way in Ihe world to cure dandruff
is to kill the dandruff germ, and there
is no hair preparation that will do that
but Newbro's Herpicide. Herbicide, kill-
ing: the dandruff germ, leaves the hair
, free to grow as healthy Nature intended.
Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect. Kill the dandruff germ with Her-
picide.
®V1M. VIGOR, VHAUTY for MEM
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have b««n In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and younsr
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. . Cure lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost -
. Power. Night Losses. Insom-
» n!a. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Unie Back.
J Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
I ry. Loss of Semen, mm Varlcocele or Con-
i stlpation. Stop Ner . *^ fl vous Twitching of
j Eyelids. Effects are immediate. Im-
. part visor and pote c«j»t» ncy to every func .
. tlon. . Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
, the brain and nerve centers: SOo a box: 6 for
' $2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
[ money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
1 Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St.!
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 39
and 40 Third st.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat£
¦5 MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
f M$ lS511U2IZTS7.tii.6:ii7:!i,3.r.Ci!. k
I \ itf ,*. The L»»E««A»*««»ic»l Museum in the \ •
if *^jfe^ .I °" d - U " kne «e* or iny contracted A
' L FKWt * $ " se *-»'« l "- l r«r«dh y ths oldest T
¦ ® IMmI :> I> ecl » ll " ontl >« Coast EiL 3 6, e «». O
iflJBjjf J DR. JORDAM-OISEASES CF MEN A
f SUn^R Consultation free »nd »t»t<:t! y private. \
I S^€ B TV*"* tnl petwnally or by !-««. A i
¦ W SI ¦ f—i*— Cura in every case oadenaken. \
r /f II V W "'«fn' Book. FBlLOKOPnTor A
11 II' ¦*»»IA««. MAILED FUSE. ( A P
X (} 1} tillable book for mm) \
I V D a J O B D A N A CO . 1051 Hsrfc'rt S L . S. F. V
j I
1
; UNITED STATES BRA1TCH.
: STATEMENT
; OF THE^
! CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
, OF THE ¦
| Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP LONDON". ENGLAND^ ON THE 31ST
lay of December. A. D. 1901. and for tha
( year ending on that day. as made to the Ia-
i surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nla. pursuant to the provisions of sections fill)
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
! „ , ' CAPITAL.
, Capital $12,500,000 00
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash 1.230.000 0O
' ASSETS. ~
! Real Estate ownect by Company.. 838,148 60
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 232.500 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
.and Bonds owned by Company. 1.S41.3S5 00
Cash in Company's Office 3.984 11
Cash in Banks 405. S3 1 20
Interest due and accrued on all
, Stocks and Loans 1.16C 66
. Interest dne and accrued on Bonds
. and Mortgages 4.060 41
; Premiums in due Course of Collec-
. tlon C... :'.'..: :. 636.9S3 10
, Bills receivable, not Matured.
: taken for Fire and Marine Risks 8,282 IS
j Rents due and accrued , 7,701 43
Total Assets $3.973.003 «>
. LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.-... $110,720 CO
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 265,965 00
Losses ¦" resisted, including ex-
penses ..;„ 28.500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less $2.- ¦
113,221 SI; reinsurance 50 per
_ ctnt • 1.056.610 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$2,030,181 90: reinsurance pro
,,r»ta I.CS7.556 57
Gross premiums on Marine and 4
Inland Navigation Risks. $70.-
049 it; reinsurance 100 per cent. 70.049 77
Gro33 premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $40,027 57: reinsurance
60 per cent 23.013 73
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured on perpetual fire insur-
ance policies 100.203 62
All other demands against the
Company ; 110.347 07
Total Liabilities ..W^ . $2,858,968 43
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $2,705,619 28
Net cash actually received for *
Marine premiums 173,604 80
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 11,264 28
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, •
and from all other sources..... 71.750 00
(Received for Rent3 21.283 24
Total Income $2.983.521 63
1 EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including- $ losses
of previous years) $1,816,802 V)
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (Including $
losses of previous years) 65,390 63
Paid or allowed for Commission .
or Brokerage 554.607,34
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 143,587 29
Paid for State. Natiqnal and Lo- /
ca! taxes 80,944 63
All other payments and expendi-
tures :. 161.498 68
Total Expenditures :. $2,822,930 73
Losses incurred during the year.. $1,962,538 82
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $353.263.746l$3.77T.4Ta 04
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 341.583.484 3.444.072 81
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901. 409,197.028 4,143.403 21
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during thej '
year I $47,852,180) $250,406 45
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ~ =-V. -
year 46.243.084 200.783 61
Net * amount in force
December 31. 1901. 3,384.858 02.306 M
,
A. H. WRAT. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22i
day of March. 1902.
MICHAEL J. QUINN. Notary Public.
- _ '- ¦ .'"-"'¦'. ¦
' Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
San Francisco.
E. T. MEBLLNG, C. F.MULLJNS,
Asst. Manager. * ' ¦ Manager.
I DR.PIERCE5
GOLDEN
> MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
' FOR THE
I BLOOP.LIVER.UJNGS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
' |S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦ tor andtNervlne. . . ,....;.
1 ! • • Tbe mest wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sex««. .
- . The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
' neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merit*. -
', --. NABER. ALF9 &. BRUNE. Agent*. - '
323 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.} ;
¦ «. ¦ - '
J©«a9®O©®G««©©0©O©©OOO6OO©OQ0O©««O9O0«©GO9eOO©OO©C»OOO©O©CeO©©©©»O5©
. . © ¦ ¦¦ ¦' mm .. '':"¦¦':,' >'.. s -- ; .\. :\. *•..: ¦•• jl. ¦ jm^ ' "* *
ftSJ Bit A^9 ErU mrm fcEfl nw» ™" "^ -»^ «^ ¦« IkSV. Jct JET YTtm ftli
w . - *' ' ' ¦''•'¦ ' ™
"••"I TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. r #M * j
©©©©•©©©©«®©0©dO©©©«»©«©OO©©O©O©©®©©©©O©©©©O© g
Every person contracting tc take The Call for'six (6) months can secure a $15.00. SET OF ®
IlllHI For I
Books will be expressed to subscribers upon receipt of $3.20. Expressage at * subscriber's expense. ©
Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $15. * ; ©
AN INVALUABLE ADDITION TO EVERY, LIBRARY! •
AN OBNAMENT TO ANY DRAWING ROOM! J
A SOURCE OF INSTRUCTION AND ENTERTAINMENT for old and young, yielding the de- ©
lights of travel without it3 inconveniences. jj|
THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. j
AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. |
INTRODUCED BY •
\ MAJOR-GENERAL JOSEPH WH EELER, S
• UNITED STATES ARMY. §
.. • . .With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by >i 2
' The Noted Author and War Correspondent. . ©
Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian g
EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE ©
PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN. INCLUDING HAWAII ©
AND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- •
,. TIONS, HOMES Ol 7 TiHE PEOPLE. THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL -AP- . •
• .PEARANCE, WITH MANY-HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, M 2
* RIVERS, VALLEYS,^ HILLS: AND MOUNTAINS. SO COM- S
PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- Z
ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE \ - O
¦ PICTURED PAGE. ' ©
With a" special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war/ by Senators Proctor,*?
Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions as J
x "w is/l ¦¦¦¦ s . :&R~^r .a.^isr T s
Author of "Footprints of the World's History,", "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu- ft
• * : : ;v ¦' manity," Etc., Etc;;, ''* ;^ . •' S
, . PHOTOGRAPHS" BY ¦ . - §
WALTER B. TOWN5END, FRED. W. FOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. 5
¦ • COMPLETE ; IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. • f p - O
•REGULAR PRICE $15.00 PER SET. 'SPECIAL ;TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER 'SET. f
Superbly illustrated with i more than. Twelve - Hundred ; Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Maps. ©
t^N.'B.-— -Only subscribers to' Daily Call' are entitled .to these books at premium rate. All mail orders S
must bei accompanied by $3.20,' and books will shipped by express, the cost of transportation to.be paid by 3
subscriber at destination. ¦ A , • ' " * . ¦ / . 9BAKEBSPIELD CALIFOHNIAN
(DEM.): v
- Tho bnly^ significance in the , San Jose elec
tion is to be found in the effect It will have on
the j State quarrel . between the | factions, and
here /Governor. Gage is a distinct loser. Mac
kenzie war his right hand man In Santa Clara
County. He had been recently elevated by the
Chief .Executive to an important State position,
and he was- depended upon to hold his county
in lino for the Governor. He has demonstrated
that he cannot do this and it follows that the
prospects cf Gage in that county are hopeless
ly shattered. In this much ' only was . there
any : real i^sue ' involved In the election,- for
otherwise vre are much mistaken if, when tha
atmosphere "clears' a- little. Rea is not/ found
very much • in evidence in the • new order of
things. .:¦ ,. - ' ¦ ¦ - , .
CHICO RECORD (DEM.) :
They result of the election in San Jose Is one
of tire most important victories for pure politics
in recent years in this State. , For years Santa
Clara County and San Jose have -been ruled
from one little office, in which John D. Mac
kenzie, ; a shrewd f elloW with practically . no
other business than that of doing politics, pre
sided ¦ as . king. ;; - -¦¦-.- -,-•; - .
MEBCED SUN (DEM.):
' '. Republican - opposition : to .Governor . Gage
seems to be centering oh Mayor Schmlts of Wan
Francisco ', as j the proper -head i or :¦ the ' State
ticket this fall. '. The Sun/ in the Interest of the
The Democratic press and newspapers that are non-partisan in tone comment freely on the gubernatorial
campaign. Here are some views of the San Jose election: . "
Democratic party, . has been hoping that Gov
ernor Gage might be renomlnated. as he would
probably be the easiest man In that party to
beat. But after all Mayor Schmita may do
almost as well. Schmltz happened to do just
the right thing during the carmen's strike a
few weeks ago, and now he is being hailed as
a great man by those Republicans who cannot
agree upon any other leader. But SchmiU is
not a jtreat man.
SACEAMENTO BEE (IND.):
Indirectly, the results of the San Jose elec
tion indicate that Gage is not likely to have
a very strong support from Santa Clara County
in the coming Republican State Convention,
which will . nominate' a fun State ticket. His
appalntxnent of Mackenzie was evidently made
in the hope and expectation that the boss could
and. would procure a solid Gage delegation from
Santa Clara County. To obtain this advantage
the Governor was willing to put a notoriously
unfit man in a position of great trust and re
sponsibility. . At the time of the appointment
of Mackenzie the Bee republished the San Jose
Mercury's scathing review of the record of the
boss, and anything of a more blistering char
acter has perhaps never been written of a Cali
fornia politician. . - '
FETALTJMA COUKIER (DEM.)*:
If the Gage "business administration"
should be guilty of a few more blunders of
the sort exposed by The Call last week the
State school land fund would be bankrupt. By
one act of the Board of Examiners as repre
sented by the astute Daniel Kevane that fund
lost the sum of f 1G.637 2»— lost it as abso
lutely as though it had been dropped Into the
ocean, and lost it simply because the "business
administration" of Gage did not have busi
ness sense enough to. know that it was Dav
Ihfy^e^wortn! 7 » *"" <"
JKW.247 20 for bonds that were worth^onlv
$87,000. and yet this U What < Gage£ Board it
Examiners did. That it used th^moneV which
K?q2f U l«'Ii Up !y >rt I 1 the pubUc -cSooTs ot
Wanfeworthy.^ U makeS the aCt a » »** -*•«
• • •
?»," 'h t n . ote worthy fact that Governor Gage,
though he is a member of the Board of Exam
iners was not present when this important ex
penditure of public funds was made. ' I? might
be «ald almost that • he Is never present at
the capltol... Kevane is the man who yields t"
executive nower. Four years more of -Gage
will . mean four years more of absenteeis^?
four years more of Kevane. and four vS?i
more likelihood of such shameful waste of
public money as that just described.
« *v? f ema Jf ka -We circumstance that Gage
after this loss had been sustained by th*
vetoed a bill which had passed both housed or
the Legislature. framed fo7 the curSose of pre-
SAN.BENITO ABVANCE (DEM. 1 ) :
At San Jose on Monday the Republican ma
chine was defeated, and the ticket of the Good
Government League elected with but one ex
oeptlon. The election" called out the largest
Whatever may be the cause of the resignation, the
retirement of the successful chief of state is a heavy
loss to. France. His Ministry has been the most for
tunate in the history of -the republic, and the good
fortune which attended it was due mainly to the
tact, the patience, the sagacity and the genuine
patriotism of the Premier. When he took office the
people of France fvere so-torn' with factions, the
Deputies were divided with such bitter antagonisms
and there was such a general feeling of unrest,' it was
believed his Ministry would not last six months He
soon proved himself to be exactly the right man for
the place and for the time. He strengthened his hold
upon his friends and conciliated opponents] He held
office longer than any other Premier since, the es
tablishment of the republic. He' now retires, leav
ing his party a good working majority in the Cham
ber and his country 'at peace. It will be well "for
France if it be true that he is not to retire utterly
I from politics. When the time comes to elect a.suc-
..Had the Ministry been'beaten in the elections the
prompt retirement of the Ministers before the Cham
bej of Deputies assembled to vote them out of office
would not have been surprising, but the retirement
of a successful statesman immediately after receiving
the indorsement of his country is something quite
different. The situation is the more strange because
as yet no sufficient explanation of the resignation has
been given. A recent. report from Paris was to the
effect that the retiring Minister cherishes ambitions
to become President, and has come* to. the conclu
sion that it will be well for. him to get out of party
politics while he can do so with credit and honor.
The report comes from no authoritative source, but
it shows what the Parisians think of the situation
and how unsatisfactory arc all the reasons which
have -been publicly given by M. Waldeck-Rousseau
for his action. . u'?~C
DESPITE the handsome support given to him
by the French people, M. Waldeck-Rousseau
has carried out his announced resolution to
resign the premiership. His Cabinet will of course
go out with him, and now France has to face the
crisis of a complete reconstruction of- tfte Govern
ment.
vote in the history of the city. The newly
elected Mayor, George D. Worswlck. two
months ago was comparatively unknown, but
his straightforward pledges to conduct the city
government upon a business basis won him tha
suffrage of the. majority. The defeat of Mac
kenzie and his cohorts indicates tha loss of
Santa Clara County to Gage In the Republican
convention. Mackenzie was so sore that h*
could deliver the Santa Clara delegation that
Gage appointed him State Harbor Commissioner
an a cart of the bargain. This Harbor Com
mission appointment disgusted a lot of «elf
r^S!^""!; Republicans, who declined to be
traded off like a lot of sheep, and to it Mac
i^ Z L e » m wf lar * el y charge the defeat that
nan sent him Into permanent retirement.
ST0CE30N MAIL (DEM.):
But it was not the action of the leaders of
the reform movement that gave the result of
the San Jose election State-wide significance.
It was the action of Governor Oase himselt
in taking up the fight of Mackenzie by ap
pointing him a State Harbor Commissioner
that -raade the defeat of the Mackenzie co
horts ,a slar> at the Governor. Gaze's per-
Eonallty was not an Issue in the San Jose elec
tion. BUT HIS METHODS- WERE, and no
w?r? w^'ti^UiVS 8 .^ 7 th .* Republicans whS
Klsi^that^aTt^ ftlKteffl movement can
If machine uolltlcs is bad for a citv it t%
also bad for a State. If Mackentle was no?
jL "f*.^ entru «ed with the control of San
Jose the man who exerted the prestige of tne
State government in Mackenzie's favor ta not
the State. 8Kala Wlth the ***** •*
CaL'sIac fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'j.'
Pruces stuffed with apricots. Townaend'a.*
Townsend's California glace fruit 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap.'bask
ets. -A. nice present for Eastern friendL
633 Market st.. Palace Hotel buUdlng? •
.: Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men bv th^
Iress Clipping Bureau (Allen™) 230 cl?i
*°rnia street. Telephone Mala iS •
Daniel Tarboe Jewett of «u t .,,1. -.,
who is 95 years oldTtoBUU^rartS 1 ,^
and spends six hours at h& desk evVrv
PP Gbing.to Thunder Mountain PP
Th» Northern Pacific Railway Is the best.
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewistoa
and Stltes Idah.o. there are good wagon road,
to either "Warrena or 'Dixie, from which point*
the trails into this district are moat accessible
For rate». etc.. address T. K. STATELER.
G. A.. <Mt Market "st.. S. P.
vBurnett's Vanilla Extract is the fixed •tand
ara of excellence. Has outlived criticism. Isth*
flJMrt, purest vanilla extract tliat can be bcusUu
A CRISIS FOR FRANCE.
There are a few- Republican Journals of re
spectable standing that have not attacked Gage
and that ever, venture to rebuke those papers
that are making such a fierce onslaught upon
him. -These do not assume to defend Gage's
record, but merely put it upon | the ground
of policy. Their reasoning is that if, perchance.
Gage should, through the manipulations of the
bosses, walk away with the nomination, the
party would have a hard time In overcoming
the record as set forth by the leading Repub
lican ; Journals. On the whole, the situation
ia interesting to a Democratic onlooker. The
Democratic press is pleasantly relieved of the
duty of showing up .the faults of Gage's ad
ministration, and can await the outcome with
complacency. The Democratic party, how
ever, must not bank too ' much upon any real
or apparent discord in the Republican ranks.
The fact should be kept in mind that the Re
publican party has so long been accustomed to
taking and . obeying orders in important elec
tions that when tho time for coaxing and whip
ping Into line comes, that oft-repeated opera
tion may be at least partially successful. - The
time Is auspicious for the Democracy of the
State., provided the' councils cf the party are
guided by wisdom. The very best and strong
est men should be selected for the Stats ticket,
and the mistake of averconfldence should bs
carefully avoided. Organization thorough and
complete should be . the rule and ¦ a united
Democracy the watchword;
UKIAH DISPATCH - DEMOCRAT 1
(DEM.):
It is quite clear that the amendment will not be
agreed to by any considerable' number of the-sup
porters ..'of the desired reform. It would >. virtually,
destroy the right of a State to regulate suffrage;; for
while the amendment goes no further. than to say
that Congress shall , fix ., qualifications for voting for
United States Senators, it would not be long before
the. qualifications required for the exercise of the
suffrage in other elections would have to conform to.
those established for the election of Senators. 'Per
haps the time will come when a uniform election law
and uniform regulations of ? suffrage will be estab
lished -throughout the Union, but it is > certain^that
time. is not yet at '¦'. .hand/ The amendment 'to the
House resolution proposed by ' Senator Hoar will
therefore kill the resolution, . and; -yet. the men who
kill it will be able to face their constituents and. say
they didn't do it. , ... v.--"-
Tammany may'. splutter, split" and sink for all' Boss
Croker": cares. He has paid $800 forV'godd/seat at'
the coronation : festivities arid he is going to 'stay ; to
A resolution of Senator Wellington dismissing the
Senate Committee, on Privileges and Elections from
further consideration of the House resolution in
favor. .'.of. the amendment gave the Massachusetts
Senator a chance to get in his blow. As an amend
ment to Wellington's resolution he moved that the
committee be directed to report the House resoluV
tion and further to report an amendment "providing
that Congress shall make all. suitable regula
tions for the election of Senators, including such
laws as shall provide for a full and free vote and an
honest ascertainment of the result; and that such
elections shall 'be held under the national authority,
and also that the qualifications for. voting at "such
elections shall be prescribed by Congress; arid, fur
ther, that the committee report to the Senate : its
opinion as to the propriety of so amending-- said
resolution ;if it shall be enacted; . and, < further, its
opinion as to the wisdom of passing said resolution,
so amended."
£-> ENATOR HOAR- has joined forces With Sen,
I ator Depew on the question o! the election of
' Senators by direct vote of the people arid has
given his sanction to the Depew amendment, which
enables the opponents of the proposed, reform 'to kill
it while nominally supporting it. \ ;^ : -/Vr^'
INDEPENDENTS AND DEMOCRATS.
KILLED BY INDIRECTION.
Since the Kaiser is to send us a statue of Freder
ick the Great by way of showing his affection for our
republican institutions, it might be well for King
Edward to cap the gift by presenting us with a
statue oi George III as an evidence of royal' for
giveness. .
' The position of chief of Tammany seems to be a
queer one. When Nixon had the office he found he
was not "in it," while Croker, who got out of the of
fice, seems to be in it and to fill it so full that it
can't work without him. .
Probably no man has ever been as much misrep
resented to the public as he. But he never showed
resentment and was too busy in the interest of his
friend and his principles to defend himself. When
be entered the Senate his talents for public life, not
impaired by disuse but rather strengthened by lying
dormant, were asserted, and he has enjoyed the re
spect and confidence of the strong men in the Senate
cf all parties. Being a man of large wealth, won by
enterprise, it was charged that he»was hard and un
tympathetic toward labor. But when labor required
some common tribunal that would be able and will
ing to give the time needed for the adjustment of
its troubles and the betterment of its condition he
was its first choice as head of the Civic Federation,
where he serves with such men as Bishop Potter
Archbishop Ireland and former President Cleveland.
So, outliving detraction and jealousy, he stands in
some important resptcts the foremost man in the
country, and his party in Ohio, does itself credit by
unanimous indorsement of him.
His position has been won without the sacrifice of
bis own views or independence. No act of dema
gogy can be charged to him. He does not hesitate
to oppose capital or labor when he thinks either is
wrong, nor to support Either against the other when
he believes it to be right. The Republican party of
the country may, well. be content with the leadership
of such a chairman of its national committee "and
snch a representative of its principles and policy.
The victory of 1896 was. mainly due to Mr. Hanna's
knowledge of men and his keen comprehension of
his countrymen. He had been a wage-worker. He
had experienced the hardships of all conditions of
life. He had but to remember his own career to feel
the pinch in the fortunes of others. He had an in
tense humanity, and was not under bonds to any
partial or prejudiced view of things. With all this
he had an unfailing optimism and a keen sympathy
that has kept him as gentle-hearted as a woman.
His success was so full that his enemies found no
other cause than corruption to which to attribute it.
Mr. Bryan very weakly assumed that Chairman
Hanna had' corrupted the republic. Such a transac
tion would have implied an ability ascribed to no per
sonality since Milton drew his picture of "Lucifer,
son of the morning." To accomplish a purpose so
vastly malicious would have required a genius, albeit
for evil, that the world had not yet known. It may
be said, with reason, that the genius had appeared,
but that it wrought its purpose with clean hands.
Long before' he had achieved financial success and
position he was a close friend of McKinley. To ad
vance that friend's fortunes he first took an interest
in politics, and from the iiour that he first appeared
in that field he devoted himself unselfishly to the
task of making^IcKinley President. His success is
history, but there is no other history of such an
achievement that records equal service of a man to
his friend and his country, made beautiful by as com
plete self-effacement.
No public man in recent years has faced a higher
storm of detraction from the party in opposition nor
a more .-stinging jealousy in his own party than he.
It is the sacrifice exacted from success. He began
life at the foot of the ladder. . Naturally possessing
talents that z professional training would have pol
ished into brilliancy, they were, kept in hand by the
self-restraint of his Quaker blood and made subor
dinate to the practical necessities of his condition.
He had to plod, to toil patiently and go forward step
by step.
Let it not be thought that in this there was any
looking forward to his possible candidacy for the
Presidency. The only issue personal to him was his
re-election to succeed himself, in the Senate. As far
as the will and wish of a party can be shown in a
State convention they were ' expressed in favor, of
<uch succession. As for the Presidency, there is no
feeling anywhere adverse to the candidacy of Presi
dent Roosevelt, provided that he, as the architect of
his own fortunes and future, shall choose to have it
so. But if he shall not so choose, the Republican
party has no lack- of Presidential material, and no
doubt Senator Hanna will be found among it.
{T is in recent political history that the Republi
cans of Ohio were divided in sentiment concern
ing Senator Hanna. In the State convention that
has just been held in Cleveland the. Republican party
of Ohio was represented by its best elements, and
Senator Hanna was supported with a unanimity un
known for many years in that State.
HANNA IN OHIO.
POMONA PROGRESS:
The- Republican machine. ¦ headed by J. D.
Mackenzie in San Jose, has just suffered de
feat in that city, one of its chief Htrongholfis.
at the'' hands. of the Gocd Government' League
of San Jose. .. r • ' ¦ • . • ; '/
Mackenzie, is a political boss of the worst
type and an^ appointee of Governor Gigs. The
defeat of Mackenzie and his crowd In his own
city, in a well defined contest at a municipal
election, is; regarded a. very significant victory
for clean politics in the State." .
FRESNO ! REPUBLICAN :
;The general attitude of .the people and precs
cf tho Stat«1 toward the : San Jose : election Is
significant of a change that is rapidly coming
over the minds ' of the people. The ticket that
was defeated in San Jose was the regular Re
publican ticket. I Whether Mr. .Worswlck, who
was elected Mayor, Is a Republican or a Demo
crat, nobody outside of San Josfj seems to know,
and nobody anywhere* cares. '', The opposition
to the . Republican ticket .was led Jiy^ the two
Republican newspapers, of San Jose, and the
rejoicing over the, defeat of the Republican
ticket is general among; the Republican. papers
and Republican people of the State. And no
body seems to find this' fact queer. It. is taken
quite for granted that- a Republican paper, or
a 'Republican leader can, without the slightest
Inconsistency, oppose a Republican candidate
and advocate a Democratic or anti-Republican
canal date.
This is as it should be. The machinery cf
tho national parties is convenient to use. in
getting nominations made simply because It has
a permanent existence, while it is difficult and
not always desirable to create a local organi
zation which must be made anew out of noth
ing for each election. Moreover,- it is well' to
have some organization in which people have a
pride or interest profit by the .success or -suffer
by tho failure' of local officers. But, otherwise,
nobody need care a particle whether a city is
governed by Republicans or Democrats. .Tire
fact tityt there Is - an increasing number of
people "¦ who > do not . care ia one of the most
promising signs of the times.
POMONA TIMES:
Rev. L. P. Crawford of Pasadena, over SO
year* of age, an old-time Republican, an hon
est, intelligent man who has no personal fa
vors to ask of any Governor, says :
."I cannot support Gage. He must not be re
nominated. If he is I shall vote .against him
at the polls. I always have been a Republi
can, but I shall oppose the party .In the State
this, fall If Gage obtains the nomination."
"And there ore thousands < of ~sueh Republi
cans in the State. . : ¦ ¦ >.- - -. ' . ...,'¦•
HUiraOLDT STANDARD:
No boss has any great 'power only as the
people by apathy allow him to get hold of first
one office and then another. He is a cease
less, tireless worker, who burrows under the
surface and works while good men sleep. He
trades and traffics in secret. He gets hold
of first one officer and then another, while the
people, not dreaming of what is going on, vote
his candidates Into . office and- thus- .weld one
link after' another, of the. chain which binds
them to ' his chariot wheel. He promises an
office here, patronage there, stands in with
schemes to blackmail or extort money out of
rich men and con>orations, leads young, men
Into political Jobbery and holds them to him
through fear that .they will be exposed or will
lose 'their positions unless they stand up 'for
the boy 3. That la the way the boss gets
power. ' ¦' - -•"¦ • •
. But let the people fully realize the ignominy,
the infamy, of his schemes and understand the
methods -by- which he secures control and they
rise ¦ in their might and hurl the boss from
power. They did this In San Francisco with
Buckley: they did it in New York with Cro
ker, ¦ and ¦ they will put an end to Campbell's
domination of this city and county just as soon
as the people have a chance to vote.
;¦---?.•„ --•¦. > '¦
SAN BERNARDINO SUN:
A special dispatch from San Jose says:' .
After the 'hardest and in some respects the
most bitter municipal campaign ever known in
San Jose, the : Citizens 1 , or reform ticket, has
won a' sweeping. victory. The result Is a com
plete overthrow of the political powers that
have existed here for years, and the defeat of
Johrnie Mackenzie. and. the' local "machine.".
The result is* significant, ; in that it has been
conceded throughout the campaign that should
the Mackenzie machine jvtn it would mean the
indorsement of Gage, while,- if defeated, it
would mean that anti-Gage sentiment has pre
vailed. This has been talked freely during
the contest, and has not been denied by tho
machine forces, but they rather courted the
idea. ¦ . • • : ¦ . .
v At this distance the full significance of the
result of San Jose's municipal election may
not be recognized, but it can safely be set
down as the most important development in
the gubernatorial campaign that has yet come
to the surface, for it was by agreement that
the / champions of Governor Gage, and those
who are against him, -joined: In battle, and tho
former were admittedly and undeniably routed.
I Santa Clara County has been disputed terri
tory ever . since the fact developed that Gov
ernor Gage was to be stoutly opposed for re
nomination. In the progress of the executive s
campaign, and for the purpose of casting an
anchor to windward, he not long ago looked
about for an appointee on the Board of Harr
bor Commissioners, at San Francisco, one of
the most important political appointments that
he had to make, because of the- large amount
of patronage controlled 'by the board. It will
hardly be denied that the Governor is shrewd
enough to select men for such places who will
mo*t , advantage hlms?lf politically, and af
ter looking: over the State, h« concluded that
his. fences -needed repairing quite as badly in
San Jose as any place else, and he selected
Johnny Mackenzie, an influential and promi
nent Republican of the boes type, and supposed
to be in control of the- San Jose machine.
'That laid the foundation for the municipal
campaign that was decided Monday. The is
sue was strictly non-political so far as party
lines : were concerned. , The question that was
passed up to the voters of San Jose was t6
elect Mackenzie's ticket and Indorse Gage,, or
defeat it and repudiate the Governor. And
Mackenzie's candidate for Mayor will continue
as a private citizen.
MODESTO HERALD: ' ;• .
Governor Gage was repudiated by the people
of San Jose when on Monday they defeated the
municipal ticket put 'up by ' his henchman,
"Johnny" Mackenzie, on which was based a.
trial of strength between the State administra
tion and all citizens' opposed to bossism in poli
tics.- Only two months ' ago Gage appointed
Mackenzie as member of the" Harbor Com
mission for no other reason than that he be
lieved Mackenzie could deliver the Santa Clara
County delegation to the State convention to
him. The defeat of Mackenzie puts the last
nail In the political coffin of the Governor,
and Mackenzie also goes under. E. A. Hayes
was ; the | leader of the opposing forces. He
will be remembered as a campaign speaker
who stunwed this county twice.
NELES HERALD:
- Gage's home friends admit that they are de
pending uaon San Francisco to carry him to
victory. If they succeed no better there than
in San 'Jose and will at home, we see his
glory going a-glimmering. May it be ever so.
kJ&\S5V - . -
SAN JOSE MERCTTRY:
It is -the duty of every citizen to cast a bal
lot ¦ at I en election. Neglect to do so is in
gratitude to the country and a woeful lack
of patriotism. It has 'been often said that it
Is the stay-at-home voter that Is more in
jurious to the ' body politic than the corrupt
voter. This may be putting the matter a little
too strongly, but if the people as a whole per
form their duty it is a safe assumption that
the best interests of the community is sub
served.
PASADENA DAILY NEWS:
The Governor., or rather his man Friday^
Dan Kevane. secretary- of the State Board of
Kxamlners, . got .'a fearfully, hard Jolt in the
expose of -The Call, in. which ft is shown that
the State 'lost $10,137 29 in State school money
by buying, Kern County school bonds which
were at the time of the purchase in litigation
in the courts. "• \ : :V'-'- •' "*
There - Is no discounting the fact jthat' ths
election in San Jose last: Monday was a sting
ing blow to Governor Gage and his faction of
the i>arty. From the outset when Governor
Gage's recent appointee on the" Sah Francisco
Harbor Commission. Boss John D. Mackenzie,
took charge of the San Jose campaign, it was
announced that this would Indicate Gage's
strength in Santa Clara County. . A most bit
ter and Intense campaign was fought. - Out of
4800 registrations 4630 votes were cast. ,* E. A.
Hayes and his brother, J. O. Hayes, owners of
the Mercury and Herald, had -poured red-hot
shot into tho Mackenzie-Gage forces. Jim Rea
helped the Good Government League forces.
The anti-Gage forces i won; Mackenzie- went
down to defeat all along the line. George D.
Worswlck was elected Mayor by 26(5 majority.
There was no doubt that this will have a de
pressing effect upon, the Gage campaign for
renomlnatlon throughout the State.
LCJS ANGELES TIMES:
•It would be difficult to overestimate tlw sig
nificance of the victory over "push politics"
which was achieved against the bitterest poa
slblo opposition at the city election held in San
Jose on Monday of this week. This notable
victory. «s has been explained In the dis
patches, is also a significant anti-Gage victory.
It is a victory for clean politics, for civic de
cency and for all that makes for good govern
ment and the equal rights of citizens.
Because Governor Gage has seen. fit to iden-
FRipAY. MAY jo, *9°2
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Aiiittt All Cemaicnititioai to W. S. LEAEB, Manager.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
• You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Marltet and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Sinirle Copiew. 5 Cent*.
I. V-r,.Te.rnj» by .Mail. Including Postasrei
DAILY CALL '.including Sunday), one year $6.00
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 months 1. •""¦<>
DAILY CALL— By Single Month . 65c
FUXDAT CALL. One Year 1-50
¦WEKKLY CALL. One Year 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
. subscription*.
y Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering chancre of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance 'with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 BroadTray
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
. ¦'. Ktsagtr Foreign Admtising, Margnette Building, Chie&gi
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
;- : NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STBPHKX B. SMITH i»O Tribune Building;
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
. Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray HM Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: .' .
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; JSreat Northern. Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
General Wood was -quite right .in '.'¦ treating the
clamor as a matter for jesting. The whole thing Js
ridiculous. Here are a set of would-be statesmen,
on the eve of a general election at which their party
will ask the suffrages of the people, ignoring every
great issue before the country and going about seek
ing campaign ammunition in the scandals and
rumors of irresponsible babblers. Even should such
ammunition be found it would,avail nothing. The
American people are not going to ; be stampeded in
this campaign by an assault with' stinkpots. \
In' the face of that failure Richardson has been
more careful about hunting frauds, but other Demo
crats have rushed forward to the chase. Of late we
have heard much ; about the scandal, they are going
to bring, to light in connection with General Wood's
administration in Cuba, but as yet no facts have been
revealed which in any slightest degree justify the as
sertions of the scandal hunters. General Wood v him
self has met the issue by saying: "All expenditures
in Cuba are', matters of public record. No money has
been expended except .on competent and. proper au
thority." .Concerning the splutter made by .some of
the scandal mongers over v certain' expenditures- for
champagne and whisky, the ; General said : "The ? arf
tides were ordered for. public entertainments, as it is
not; usual to provide sand and lumber for. such pur
poses." * • ' ' . ¦ , •
With all his dragnet investigation Richardson ob
tained nothing except a clear' refutation of every
charge that had been made Tjy the free and ready liar
who started the sensation. Instead of developing a
sensation he developed a farce.
When the adventurer, Christmas, sprung his story
of fraud and bribery in connection with the proposed
purchase of the Danish West Indian islands Mr.
Richardson, the Democratic leader in the House,
snapped at the chance of unearthing a scandal, not
withstanding every intelligent man perceived that the
story was absurd on the face of it. . . }
Not a" single great issue has been raised by the
Democrats of the House or of the Senate. 7 They
have offered nothing in the' way of a policy as an
alternative to the Republican measures affecting our
relations to Cuba or the Philippines, the settlement
of the currency problems, the restriction' of immigra-r
tion, Chinese exclusion, or the' reorganization of the
army. Instead of .dealing ; with great policies, the
Democratic leaders have been busily engaged .trying
to find some petty fraud here and there,, jusf as if
the American people would overthrow the adminis
tration if it could be shown that one or two rascals
had managed to get into office and had embezzled
all the money they could lay their hands on.
The efforts made in Massachusetts and in New
York to restore harmony^ to the divided, party have,
been futile, but when compared with what has been
done at Washington to frame new issues they have
been dignified and respectable. It is doubtful if "ever
before in political history, did a set of party leaders
charged with the task of raising issues against an
administration make such. a poor and ' even con
temptible showing. .'.;¦ N •: . "
WHEN the present session, of. Congress be
gan the leaders of the reorganization move
ment in. the Democratic .camp had -great
hopes. They expected to bring the gold men and
the silver men to act. together and to furnish the re
organized party with new issues' to- fight for. The
task of harmonizing the factions was undertaken by
leaders in New York, Boston and Chicago; that,. of
bringing forth new issues was intrusted to Demo
cratic members, of Congress. The session is now
about to close. The Congressional campaign before
the people is at hand. In fact, in some States it has
virtually begun— but where ;are the new issues?' \
HUNTING FOR ISSUES.
STH AGE'S support from the press of the State is growing smaller by degrees and beautifully less. The victory
I Z~oi the good government forces in the San Jose battle is everywhere accepted as a rebuke to Governor
V J| Gage and his discredited followers. For three months prior to the election Gage was plummy himselt on
the prospect of a triumph for the push- in. Santa Clara County. The result of the contest was a staggenns:
blow to the adminstration henchmen, and 'sent Gage reeling southward to gather v up some support in his home
. county: Vv ¦:'¦?> v r >% • -
In asserting that one term of Gage is enough the newspapers 'simply reflect the sentiment of the people in
every county of the State. The advocates of another, term of Gasre. Kevane and Aguirre cannot be found outside
the ranks of-the State officeholders and . their deputies. There has been a deal of public criticism concerning the
- unfitness of men recommended by Burns and Herrin for appointment to responsible positions, and much of the criti
cism is justified, but 'the fact is obvious that the worst appointments made by the administration were those select
ed by Gage himself, from his own coterie of intimate associates. The Call to--day presents another collection of ex
cerpts from the leading newspapers of California: v .
People- of California Will Not Stand for Another Four Years of
¦; Gage— Kevane and Aguirre, Governor's Personal Appointees,
Turn Out Worse Than Those Named by Direction of Bosses
tlfy himself with about all that is objection
ablo in political life, and because his recog
nized agents were arrayed against the forces
of rtform in San Jose, the victory over v boss
rule was in effect an anti-Gase victory.
A principal is responsible for the acts of his
agents; therefore Governor Gage cannot escape
responsibility for the acts of those exponents
and exemplars of gang politics who have mail i
war against the people and the people's inter
ests at San Jose and elsewhere.
John O. Lynch, Walter S. Moore. Jere Burke
(a San Francisco Democrat of the "push"
breed), and other representatives of Gage and
tho gang, to the number, it is said, of nearly
100 were sent down from San Francisco to help
defeat the people's reform ticket in San Jose.
Th«y spent their money (or somebody's money)
and their time freely, but in vain, as the result
shows. They lost not only the election, but
their election bets, which are said to have been
large in the aggregate. The citizens had be
come ¦ thoroughly aroused and were determined
not to be Sodomized any longer.
It was a square, up-and-up fight between
the forces of boss rule, or "push" politic*
(which is, unfortunately, another name for
Gage politics) and the forces of reform- and
political decency, as represented by the Re
publican Good Government League, headed by
E. A. Hayes and.- his brother of the San Jew
Mercury and Etening Herald, and strongly
backed up by James W. Rea. To the latter.
In particular, great credit should be given for
' having come out manfully in support of the
people's reform ticket — when he finally becam*
convinced of the corrupt practices of the gang
— and for having made a strong fight In tt»«
interests of the people. *' ¦
There can be no possible chanc* to belittls
the results. The election ia of Importance, -not
merely as regards its immediate and local ef
fects, but - as indicating the trend of public
sentiment. There is a strong popular ten
dency in all parti of the State to repudiate
and resent boss rule. The San Jos« election
is merely one among many indications of this
revolt on the part of the people against rin»
politics. It is a most wholesome sign, bat It
augurs ill for the gubernatorial candidacy of
Henry T. Gage. It shows with the certainty,
almost, of a mathematical demonstration, that
he cannot be re-elected Governor of California.
Representing as he does the wont features of
<Jnach!r.e politics, he will be repudiated by th«
people — should the "machine" force his nomi
nation — as surety as Boss Mackenzie was re
pudiated by the people of San Jose.
The lesson is plain. Unless the Republicans
of California court defeat in the coming Stats
election, they will at all hazards defeat the
efforts of Gage's henchmen to place him In
nomination for a second term.
I» -
SAN DIEGO TRIBTJ2TE:
„ The announcement that San Diego County
will send no Gaga delegates to the State nomi
nating convention, as made In the Tribune ' to
day, is not a surprise to the people of this
end of the State, but it Is convincing evidence
to the State at large of the strong sentiment
in San Diego County against the renomi.iatlon
of the man who as Governor has abused the
power placed In his hands by the people.
Gage's record has been such that even his
own supporters have withdrawn from him, and
in thi3 county the hopelessness of making a
contest is ao evident that no effort will be made
In his behalf. His act in vetoing the Normal
School appropriation cannot be forgotten here,
and. other features of his maladministration
have ' created such a general dislike that he
could! hope for only repudiation at the polls
' If his nomination should be forced in the State
convention. .-....-
The exposure of the questionable "business
methods" in vogue Th the Cage administration,
made by The San Francisco Call last week.
seems to have found a generous approval by the
press all over the State. Truly such business
methods as that .of pay ins: a premium Of nearly
$17,000 for something which could be bought at
par within two months are not surprising as
used by .Gage, but they do not commend them
selves to thinking citizens. By the act of the
Board of Examiners In purchasing the Kern
County bonds the State school land fund lost
Just $10,637— a loss as inexcusable as it is se
rious. • . •¦••:%• •
Governor Gasre himself is a member of the
board . which made this brilliant "business'
deal. As Governor, after this remarkable bit of
financiering had been executed, he vetoed a bill
Y.-hich had passed both houses of the Legisla
ture for the purpose of preventing a repetition
of just such' foolishness.
It is probable- that the discovery and ex
pocrate of the' startling facts connected with
that bond deal made by The Call had much to
do with causing the defeat of the Gage machine
in the election just held at San Jose, a defeat
which is all the more pregnant - with meaning"
twcritiFe Gage and his gang chose that city
election as the scene of easiest victory. Santa
Clara County was regarded as one of their
strongholds, but San Jose In her might rose
and ' struck a mighty blow which brought de
feat to Mackenzie — to Mackenzie, the best ar
mored knight in the Gage coterie, to whom the
fight had been entrusted. ' _:
The example set by San Jose is worthy at
emulation, and all indications point to lha
repudiation of Gage and his gang at the fall
elections. •
It is stated that Cleveland has bought a fishing
ground on the. shores of .Lake Erie and will not try
the ocean any more. It looks" as if the old' man had
made up his mind to move westward and grow up
with the lake trout. • . ¦ -
• All the people take part in spirit or in act in to
day's ceremony, and its lesson goes to the betterment
of life and the sweetening of its aims and purpose.
The day is hallowed to human fellowship. May all
hearts profit by its great lesson. .
In this great though gradual change that brings
men together we have the sure guarantee that there
is to be no like strife again. Its sacrifices are -the
common boast of all, its^ heroism the. pride of every
State. In this 1 result the .memory of the dead -is
greatly dignified. They died not unto strife, but
unto peace. -The, cause of their sacrifice, in its. larger
aspect, was that love might finally replace hate, and
friendship enmity. While it may be a commentary
on the weakness and :willfulness of men that- such a
price should be paid for what .ought to -be without
it, we cannot look back of the result nor of their
part in it. Let the living take the lesson .'¦ to heart
and make a high resolve. to so live that in all time
that is to be hate shall not besom the world in order
that love may follow to weep for the dead who pre
pared the way in great pain and awful 'suffering.
A political and geographical union is of little
worth. It was the dream and hope of the fathers of
the republic that it would be a union of common
sentiment as the master motive of fellow countrymen.
In the hard days when this sentiment seemed to be
effaced in the passion of the time, it was Lincoln's
hope that it would come again, and the mystic chords
of memory would bind Americans ¦ together < once
more. . He did not live to see that consummation,
but his hope has been justified. We hear every day
less and less said about the hateful features of the
great civil strife, and the people of the North and the
South are meeting as fellow citizens of the same great
nation, each, feeling his personal responsibility for
its material welfare and good repute.
The passion that has passed was natural. It in
hered in the nature of man. The friendly feeling that
takes its place is just as natural, and presents the
nature of man in its more pleasing and, fortunately,
its more permanent aspect.
At first the day had in it bitterness that was not
born -of sorrow. , Human nature carried revenges
beyond . the grave, and the heat of sectional strife
withered the flowers in, their most poetic meaning.
But^jime covers battle-fields with verdure.. The
blossoms sweeten the air that was. murky' with
powder smoke, and birds sing where cannon roared
and musketry rattled. The scenes -where men met
misery and dreadful death are now peaceful and bear
no trace of the high action that makes them his
toric. They had their analogue in the, stormy pas
sions of men which long survived the anger and "the
agony of battle. ' But here, too, time has laid a gentle
hand, and memory of the fallen is no longer embit
tered by the prejudices and hatred that s caused the
contention in which they fell. To-day in many a
graveyard the blue and the gray meet to do honor
to the courage of the dead on both sides, which has
come to be accepted as the country's comnicm heri
tage. ; ; \, :¦
. To-day the people of the United States remember
their dead who served in the great Civil War. This
memorial service originated in the South. When
that section sat in the ashes of. defeat and humilia
tion, every hope gone, every ambition quenched, the
past a bitterness unbearable and the future. without
light, -the Southern women turned to the one thing
that -was safe from change — the memory of their
dead. Without pomp or formality they sought God's
acre, where the- victims, of many battles slept, and
covered the turf with flowers and - watered it with
tears, which were eloquent with great expression of
a sorrow more pathetic than had ever before been
common to as .many. From that beginning the' cus
tom soon spread to the North, and now both sec
tions remember their dcacl who fell in that combat
of giants.
WHEN the independent government of Cuba
was to' -be •¦ inaugurated, and/before, its :flag
was given to the. breeze, the grateful people'
visited the resting-places of the revolutionists who
died in the struggle for liberty, and the spot where
martyr prisoners were murdered, and by prayers and
wreaths and chaplets expressed their gratitude to the
dead. It is a scene that stands alone in history, a
Homeric picture which some poet of the future may
touch and quicken into immortality.
PUSH IS LOOSING STRENGTH
IN ALL SECTIONS OF STATE
c'essor to President Loubet it willbe difficult; to find
a mambetter fitted for the ¦':'¦ place than Waldeck-
Rousseau. ¦ . " ;¦; • . -
DECORATION DAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL, iJKlDAY, MAY £30; 1902.
6
Call smbscribers contemplating? a clinnsre of
residence dnrlnsr the Hammer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local ajfent In
all tan-En on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOUT FOR THE SUMMER.'' vLOS /ANGELES ATTORNEY;
WHOSE DISAPPEARANCE IS BE
v/i ING INVESTIGATED BY POLICE.
Judge Hebbard decided yesterday • that
Herbert Ghoynski,. the lawyer, is entitled
to a half interest In the Richelieu saloon,
conducted by Charles Newman dt Kea'rny
and Market streets. 1 Choynski, said Heb
baro, is the successor of G. L. Carroll
who, with " Newman,' formerly conducted
.the resort, i In giving his decision Judge
Hebbard suggested to Newman and
Choynski that one of them should dis
pose of his interest to the other in order
to avoid the litigation which the decision
makes necessary. • .
Choynski Is a Partner.
A telephone message was then sent to
Dr. Noble, and he replied that if Mrs.
Darling- was in the same condition aa
when he left her in the morning he
thought she could make her statement.
This was told to the nurse, who asked
Mrs. Darling if she was ready to make
the statement, but she said slie was too
sick, and at her request the matter was
poKtpor.ed till Monday afternoon at 3
o'clock. . . • • •! ....
Ihe members of. the Police Commission,
accompanied by Chief "Wittman, Secretary
Cndwalader and Stenographer Heyneman,
¦went to the residence of Mrs. Elizabeth
S. Darling, 916 Eddy street, yesterday af
ternoon at 3 o'clock to take her testimony
in the case of Policeman L. L. Levingrs;
el'arged with neglect of duty and' attempt
.injc to extort a bribe, .but they were dis
appointed. . ; •-
1 he Commissioners first inspected the
rconis where the alleged conversations be
tween Levings and Mrs. Darling occurred,
a:ul Attorney Douglas demonstrated what
It is | alleged happened on Levings' last
visit to the house. President Newhall
stood behind the glass door where Doug
las and Klemmer say. they stood, and
I'ouglas and Levings went through the
conversation as It was alleged to have oc
curred. J
cure Her Testimony in !Lev
• ings Cass.
Police Commissioners Unable to Se-
MRS. DABI/HTO TOO SICK '
I ' TO MAKE A STATEMENT
Fred B. Conway and- Robert, E. Lyons,
Deputy County, Clerks, appeared in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday and -were in
structed and arraigned on the charge of
grand larceny by - : trick' and device. By
consent the cases were continued . till
Tuesday. The defendants y were repre
sented by Attorney^ Archie Campbell.
In view of the constant annoyances and
irregularities caused by the withdrawal
of bail money, Judge Mogan yesterday
sent a request to the City Treasurer,
\Varra.nt- and Bond Clerk and County
Clerk' to meet him and the other Judges
in his chambers to-morrow ' at noon to
discuss the whole matter, so as to arrive
at some satisfactory conclusion. He will
also ask the City and County Attorney to
give a wiltten opinion on the . subject.
Judge Cabaniss does not agree with the
order issued by the .Treasurer that all
receipts for bail money be sent to -him
along with the order. The/ Judge says
the receipt is the only, safeguard he had,
and he considers that "an Indorsement on
the back of the order to the effect that
the receipt is in -his possession .should be
satisfactory. .
A rigid investigation is to be made with
the object of determining Just how far the
system of "kiting" bail money' has been
carried on. It was discovered • yesterday
that the bail money of $100 in the case of
Dora Schwarting; charged with cruejty
to a minor child, had been utilized in the
same way as the ?250 deposited by J. M.
Evans In the case of Jessie Holland, Ly
ons, having withdrawn the amount on an
order signed by Judge Mogan at the re
quest; he says, of Conway. :.The money
vias withdrawn while- the case was pend
ing In. the Superior Court on appeal.
Oonway and Lyons Instructed
and Arraigned in the /
Police Court.
Judge Mogan Calls Meet
ing of AH Persons
Interested.
SEEKS TO STOP
BAIL JUGGLING
in his hose frajn May 17 to 21. He said he
was a mining: man and was going away,
but he did not say where. Every one
whqm the detective interviewed was un
der the impression that Hinckley was a. lit
tle out of his mind, and no one had seen
anybody In his company. Cody is con
tinuing his investigations. .
Samuel Seller, a member of the firm of
Anspacher Bros., applied to the Superior
Court yesterdav for a writ of mandate
compelling Lawrence A- Meyers, secre
tary of the firm, to exhibit to him upon
demand the books and papers of the cor
poration.
Would Examine Books.
O. D. Bunker of San Francisco filed a
petition in insolvency yesterday In the
United States District Court. He gives
hif occupation as a miner, and owes
$1253 73 to Armour & Co.. Atlantic Fish
Company, Bayle & Lacoste, Jake Rau*r
and Suey Sing: Kee. the latter being his
fct-fcviest creditor. He- has no- assets.
Insolvency Petition.
Rock Island Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every "Wednesday and
Sunday, via Rio Grande and Rock Island Rall
v.ajf, and via Los Angeles and El Paso every
Bunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Rock Island 1 Railways, for Omaha. Kansas
City. Chicago and all points East. For further
Information address Clinton Jones. General
Agent Rock Island Railway. C24 Market et. •
The Fresno rate case wasr'submitted'to
Judge Kerrigan yesterday after a lengthy
argument by the attorneys for the Rail
road Commission and Southern ¦ Pacific.
The argument was opened by F. H. Short
of Fresno, who contended that the re
duction of the rate was caused by the
competition of the Valley road. He was
followed by J. E. Foulds for the railroad,
who took the stand that the rate was a
epecial one, and that therefore to change
it it was not necessary to consult with
the Commissioners. \
John Garber followed Foulds, and the
argument was closed by Attorney General
Ttrey L. Ford. The State's attorney held
that Garber's claim that the constitu
tional law granting the Commissioners
the right to supervise the rate question
was invalid was erroneous.
Discussed Question \ Under
Advisement. .' * ' * ."
Judge Kerrigan Takes i y the } Much-
LAWYERS DELIVER Trnrra.?-:
ARGUMENTS ON RATE. CASE
. Captain Seymour ¦ detailed Detective
Codv on the case, and he made a report
yesterday. Hinckley, who has a wife and
children In Los Angeles, left there On
May 15, and arrived here the following
day, going to the residence of Professor
O. L. Leinau, 282 Valencia street. He
slept there that night and next morning
wrote a letter to his wife. He left the
house shortly before 10 o'clock saying he
was going to Sacramento, where he was to
meet a man who was to accompany him
to the mines. That was the last Leinau
saw of him. Both he and his wife said
that Hinckley acted very strangely while
with them. Before leaving he gave Lei
nau his watch chain and K. of P. badge to
keep for him. ¦ .
Hlnckley's baggage . was sent to the
Ufflon Transfer Company, and was taken
from, their office on May 17 to a saloon at
CODY MAKES REPOBT.
I told him to come right up. It was dan
gerous, but he said it looked all right . and'
be would not etay long. But. he did. He
worked considerable, time and then I heard
him call out, "I have struck water; pull me
up quick." Just as I started to work the
windlass I heard a slump in the shaft 'and I
tried with all my might to turn- the windlass,
but I could net. I looked down and saw water
gathering over the fallen gravel and then I
heard another slump of fallen gravel and an
other and another. Whether the heavy stones
settled on the rope or the water •shrinking- it
or from other causes I do not know, but the
rope creaked under a terrible strain and finally
one end of the windlass broke and It and one
Bide of the frame went down the shaft. . I
stepped back and In a short time . the other
side of the frame, which had been thrown
over, tell down with a lot of travel over the
edge. In my fright I shouted with all my
might, but there was no help within several
miles, the nearest postoffice being about twelve
miles away. I saw that the entire shaft
would cave in and that Mr. Hinckley was past
all human help. Then I came away. The
property was supposed to be very valuable
and I was sworn not to disclose the location,
and as it would do no possible rood I will
keep my oath and be true to the company.
Mr. Hinckley wore diamonds and - had a gold
watch. Whether he had them, on when he
went down the shaft I do not know. .
HEABS SLUMP IN SHAFT.
I was employed by a mining company to
take A. G. Hinckley of Los to look
over their property. Well, we went there. -A
member of the company was expecting to go,'
but he tot sick and Mr. Hinckley and I went
there. The first shaft we went to was sunk
through gravel about 90 feet to the bedrock
and come gophering had been done at the bed
rock. Mr. Hinckley went down the shaft and
then I let down the tools. He called un and
said that one side of the shaft had caved in,
but be said he could get some nuggets from
the other side.
• The murder theory was "advanced
through an anonymous letter received by
Postmaster Groff of Los Angeles. It bore
on the envelope the''pos"tmark of "San
Francisco. May 23." The writer refused
to disclose his name for fear that he
might be suspected, of murder, nor would
he disclose the location ,ot the mine, as
he was under oath to the. owners not to
do so. In the letter the writer, says^
v . possible murder of A. G. Hinck
ley, a prominent. lawyer of that city. In
a dispatch in yesterday's papers from Los
Angeles the fear was expressed that
Hinckley had been murdered at a mine
hear Placerville, and that his body lies in
a shaft with ninety feet of gravel on top
.of it. ' . ' .."
THE local police, at the request of
. Chief Elton of Los Angeles, have
been making an investigation into
the mysterious disappearance or
Divorces were granted to Mary ii Angelb
from George Angelo, for desertion; Te
rese E. Schiche from John Echiebe " for
failure to provide: Elizabeth , Watson
from James B. Watson, for- cruelty;
Clara B. Hawe from Arthur" E: Haws- for
lanure to provide; Mary Ellen Jacobsen
from John Jacobsen. for cruelty; Mar
garet Reilly from James*, jleilly,- for cru
elty, and Anna Kampff- :; . from . Rudolph
Kampff, for desertion. .'. •*. *: •.•••
Judge Sea well issued an order directing
Eugene H. Brown, a clerk. in the employ
of the Southern Pacific Company, to pay
to his wife. Laura W. Brown, $35 a month
lor her support, . . ¦ -. . • • :.- . • ¦-'
Clara E. Townley, wife of ;? . John A."
Townley, a bookkeeper at! the Risdon
Iron Works, brought a suit for mainten
ance against him yesterday. • She alleges
that Townley hes not contributed a cent
toward her support for the •'¦¦•last . three
months. Townley. she alleges, spends
his salary, amounting to $80 a month, on
a dissolute woman. She asks for iw a
month. •-•/ ¦ .... •:.-..¦,•-. ..:.
She alleges also that he- neglects his
business and drinks to excess. Frank 17.
Bell was appointed receiver of the res
taurant business pending the : trial of the
NEGLECTS BUSINEJfcsC
Anna Hawkins, who,: with her husbanJ,
Waverly C. Hawkins, conducts the Na
bob cafe, at 505 Mason street,. In a suit for
divorce filed yesterday charges . her hus
band with- beating and abusing' her on
many occasions since -their, marriage in
Oakland in 1SS3. ,- ; v «>. V-v' : . .-•¦•,-."
Sarah Jennette Herrick- has brought a
suit for divorce against James Evans
Herrick, alleging that for "the last year
he has failed to provide for her. The
Herricks were married at Ottawa, Ohio.
in 1S72. .'s-r-'-'j- 1 ,¦¦•..¦•-.¦¦•;.¦¦¦:¦••:.•.••.
Riley W. Simmons Is being sued for di
vorce by Mary I*. Simmons on the ground
of desertion. They were married at.Au
burn in 18S7 and have two children."
Blanche E.- Price is suing William
G. Price for divorce for cruelty and
iMempreance. They were ' married in
March, 1698. : • :; . • ••;.' •_•
Salmond testified also that his wife once
took poison, and threatened very often to
kill herself if he left her. She once
slapped his face, he said, and on another
occasion showed him a pistol, saying that
she would kill herself with it in the event
cf their separation. Salmond claims that
he was also dogged by private detectives
hired by his wife ' . ¦ ¦ • ¦
LOSES FIVE POUNDS!
"What did you weigh, captain." asked
Gavin McNab, counsel for Mrs. Salmond,
"at the time you began to lose flesh
through worry?"
"Oh, a couple of hundred pounds," re
sponded Salmond. "235, I think."
"What was your weight when you got
through, worrying?"
"Two hundred and thirty pounds, sir.".
Whereat the lady friends of Mrs. Sal
mond smiled broadly.
Salmond. 'who was sued for mainten
ance by his wife some time ago, answered
her complaint by charging her with
treating him cruelly and asking for a di
vorce. Mrs. Salmond promptly filed a
cross-complaint accusing the mariner of
mur:y actions not exactly those of a good
husband. Captain Salmond denies the
allegations vigorously and appeared in
court yesterday prepared to prove the
falsity of his wife's charges. He brought
h;s entire ship's company with him. for
Mrs. Salmond frequently took trips on
the Wellington, and the men are sup
posed to know which of the litigants
caused all the trouble. Mrs. Salmond,
while not so strongly reinforced as the
ce plain, was ably supported by a number
ot lady friends willing to tell of the mari
tal infelicities of the couple. ' The ladles
will have a chance to talk to-day, for
Captain Salmond occupied the witness
stand during yesterday's hearing.
The mariner testified that his wife
caused him a great deal of mental worry
and embarrassment by accusing him
of paying attention to the ladies
who frequently took passage on his ves
sel. She made the accusation in the pres
ence of his officers, he said, humiliating
him to a great degree and shattering his
nerves. The captain on one of these oc
casions, according- to his tale, lost flesh
by reason of her conduct. . •
That there is a vast difference between
the sea of matrimony and the briny
depths cf old ocean was shown yesterday
in Judge Hebbard's court in the trial of
the divorce proceedings of Colin Salmond
SKainst Mary E. Salmond. According to
Salmor.d, who is captain of the steam
ship Wellington, the storms of the deey
arc naught to those that come after mar
riage.
Mariner Says His Wife Hires
Detectives to Dog His
Footsteps.
Captain Colin Salmond
Tells of Storms of
Married Life.
MARITAL WOES
REDUCE FLESH
LOCAL POLICE PROBING
THE HINCKLEY MYSTERY
Detectives Discover He Was in This City
for Nearly a Week, and Those Who
Saw Him Believe He Is Slightly Insane
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 30, 1902.
37 Third etreet. . The driver did not find
Hinckley there and took the baggage
back. Three hours later Fred Berg, an
expressman, called for the baggage and
took it to. 146 Twelfth street by Hlnckley's
instructions. Hinckley told Berg he came
from Los Angeles, and Berg, who also re-
I sided there for some years, asked him
I about several people, but Hinckley did not
I seem to know them. Berg said Hinckley
acted and talked very strangely.
I John R. Parker, proprietor of the room-
I ing-house at 146 Twelfth street, said that
[. a man answering Hinckley!s description,
j but without a mustache, occupied a room
1 : : : — _ — : — __*
7
AMUSEMENTS. .
BE tASCOAMoTtTJUCSj^i^,
. MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c,' 15c, 25c
'. (Decoration Day.)
TO-NIGHT, Saturday and Sunday Evenings,
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Last Times — Elaborate Production of the-Meto-
- . dramatic Success of Two Continents,
Hands Across
the Sea.
Strong Cast— Scenic Effects of Rare Magnitude.
EDirEC* Evenings 10c to 50c
fnit£3 Matinees ;...10c. 15c, 25c
Next Week— "SIDEWALKS OF NEW YORK."
MATINEE TO-DAY. FRIDAY, MAY 30.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c. * •
I VAUDEVlLLEl/tAGNATES.
Peter T. Dailey and Company ; Stuart
-Barnes; Two Little Pucks; Lotta
Gladstone, and the Biograph. Last
time's of the 8 Picchitfni Sisters;
Midgley and Carlisle; Little Elsie,
and Dooley and Fowley.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
A GOOD RESERVED SEAT FOR 25c.
I Brixton Burglary
PROF. BOTHWELL BROWNE'S JUVENILE
. RAGTIME 1
-FLORODORA SEXTET.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— "HIS WIVE'S FATHER."
EXTRA — Sale of Boxes and Seats for first
two weeks of MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS".
engagement opens next Tuesday, 10 a. m.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVEfif AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
DAVIS AND DE HEARDE; BACON AND
VANE; BYRNE AND WEST; MAUDE AND
GLADYS SORENSEN: JACK SYMONDS.
and NEW MOVING PICTURES.
SEE THE GRAND PANORAMA FROM
THE MILE SCENIC RAILWAY,
Admission 10c Children 6c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY AND SATURDAY, 3:15 P. M.
FRIDAY, 10:30 A. M.. 2:30 P. M.
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. SACRAMENTO.
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts. .
Advance Sale of Seats, 5 Stockton St.
SUTRO BATHS
Will Open Nights On and After
Saturday, May 31, 1902.
. .. AMUSEMENTS. . "' . '
f iscHer's Theater.
THK ¦¦ DECORATION
1 111*3 nAv
AFTERNOON|Matinee.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
• That decorates every home with good cheer'
and laujhter.' . ¦
¦ Have you time to-day? Then come and be
happy. •
Bring the children— only 10 cents. Adults
25 cents anywhere.
All the famous artists will appear In' new.
good things.. But seats a week ahead, or yo»
must stand np with hundreds. - .-. - .- • . ¦
SYNOPSIS OF ANNUAL STATEMENT
¦ OF THE—— ' ¦ . •
Connecticut Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OP CON-
necticut, on the 31at day ot December.
1901. .... ...
CAPITAL. .'..". .. '
Amount of caoltal stoct said up
in full »1.000,000 CO
ASSETS. *
Stocks and bonds owned $2,297,840 «»
Value of real estate .owned..... 217. COO ot)
Loans on bonds and mortgages.. 1,193,750 00
Cash on hand and In bank 333,603 SI
Premiums in course of collection
and transmission 217.413 71
Total admitted assets...... . $4,313,811 52
INABILITIES. S==
Gross claims for losses unpaid.. $ 279.0*3' 02
Amount of unearned oremlum on
all outsUndlns risks.......... 2.031.114 70
Total Liabilities f2,310>lS8 33
Total insurance In force Decem-
ber 31. 1901 4323.391.270 00
' - ¦ ' ¦' -
INCOME. -¦"" ~~ -"
Premiums received durintr ' th« • • ¦: . '
year In cash , 52.377,136 67
Interest and dividends received
during the year.. i 136.4S5 68
Rents received during the year '.- :' " ¦'.
net •»... 5.502 €3
Total Income ............... $2,530,124 93
EXPENDITCRES. . ~ J
Losses paid during the year..... $1,362,728 41
Dividends paid durlns the year . . ¦ - . -
on capital stock «... 100.090 00.
Commissions and salaries paid %*•*' <¦ ''' ''
during the year „ ,673.94948.
Taxes paid during the year...... 72,878 4a
, Amount of all other expenditures 172.193 0O :
$2,351.749 93
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,^
411 CALIFORNIA ST.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manager.
COLIN M. BOYD, Agent for San Francisco.
P/ll/ir^ Dcsirabfe location,
1 UlUVW unsurpassed cuisine,
- un equaled ser-
/Ififl v ' ce ? nt^ modern
**"•* conveniences are the |
p j attributes that have
|||*5|f1/1 made these two ho-
U1U1IU tels popular with
-If J. t tourists and travel-
f|Afp|c ers who visit San
llUlWla Francisco.
W. X; HESS,
KOTAET ?TIBI,IO 1HD ITTORHJY-AT-LAtT.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013. Claus Spreckela BMr.
Telephone Main 883.
Residence. 821 California st-. below Powell.
Residence Telephone, James 1301.
, . '.-AMUSEMENTS.
- SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY. .
USUAL MATINEES TO-MORROW AND
. .... . SUNDAY. _
LAST THREE NIGHTS of America's Magnetic
- • ". Star, • .
MAUDE FLALY
', In J. M. Barrie's Original Version of
"THE LITTLE MINISTER "
First Time on Any Stage at
POPULAR PRICES^-lOc, 15c, 25c, 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees, 25c.
NEXT WEEK— "MY LADY DAINTY."-
(fa El 1 1 tkM IS I Si SAN FRANCISCO'S
IfULUraoiM LEADING THEATRE
Powell Street, Near Market.
E*VERY NIGHT THIS WEEK,
INCLUDING SUNDAY*
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
KATHRYN KIDDER
In a Notable Revival of David Garrick's Comedy
"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Management of George H. Brennan.
Sunday — Last time of "The ' Country . Girl."
Next Week— Last Nights of
KATHRYN KIDDER
And her first appearance in Alexandre Dumas'
. "FRANCILLON."
• ' Adapted by L. DU PONT SYLE.
PRICES v.?150. $l.-7uc, 60c. •' 25c
June 9 — Henry Miller and Margaret Anglln.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP. -
' MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
ONLY A FEW MORE NIGHTS,
Of the Most Charming of Operas.
THE
SINGING GIRL
\i DON'T MISS THIS GREAT SHOW.
MONDAY, ' June 2— The Famous Favorite, '
•»THE TOY m/\KLEF*.»
POPULAR PRICES... 25c, 50c and 75c
, . Telephone — Bush 9.
' LAST TIMES— THIS WEEK. r
SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-MORROW.
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY,
25c AND 60c.
BY PUBLIC DEMAND.
Miv James Neill & Co.
Presenting ' \
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
• SUNDAY NIGHT.
THEREDKNIGHT
By George H. Broadhurst. £
Produced Under the Personal Supervision of the
Author. '
SEATS TO-MORROW.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, FRIDAY, May 30th.
SPECIAL HOUp At EVENT!
64— NOMINATIONS— 64
TRAIN SERVICE. > .
Leaves Third and Townsend streets at 10:30
afld 11:30 a. m. Returning at 5 -p. m. San
Mateo electric cars every & minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
.' ... rQF THE . .. '-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
. CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $702.875 00
: £.?»iV/j assets. ¦
Real Estate owned by Company.". $200,500 00
Loans, on Bonds and Mortgages.. 127,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks '
and Bonds owned by Company.. 955,713.01
Amount of Loans secured by pledga "
cf Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 50,000 00
Cash in Company's Office... ...... 490 14
Cash in Banks. 68,615 75
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 12,622 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec- £ ¦
tion .'. 86.634 85
Agents' Balances ....• 39,580 72
Rent due and accrued. ..:.. 608 34
¦Total Assets .... ". '.. .$1.544,160 80
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid....... $700 00
Losses in process <of Adjustment •
or in Suspense ; 56,870 00
Losses resisted, including expenses . 1,000 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $466,-
409 55; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 223,204 77
Gross premiums on .Fire Risks
running more than one year
$730,312 00; reinsurance pro rata 374,727 45
Amount, reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies - .., 113,902 79
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. ' 77 00
Total Liabiilties .......... $770.482 01
INCOME. fA ~~~. C
Net cash actually received for
Kire premiums $681,162 35
Deposit premiums on perpetual
risks 10.199 92
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 6,297 50
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources.....'..... 41,072 35
Received for Rents 9,820 0%
Received from all other sources... 43,822 23
Total Income ''.... *,... $792,374 41
EXPENDITURES. --
Net amount- paid for Fire Losses
(including $62,422 89, losses of
previous years) ' ..'..... $391,931 04
Dividends to Stockholders 21,080 25
Paid or allowed for Commission or, ¦
Brokerage 170,760 67
Paid. for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. ... 82,575 46
.Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 25,967 71
All other payments and expendi-
tures 67.493 16
Expenditures '. $739,814 29
FlreT
Losses incurred during the year... $389,242 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ,>' '¦"
written during the
year... $80,008,696 $890,880 41
Net amount of Risks . .,, ...
- expired during g the
year 86.470.435 939,480 80
Net amount in force ' -
December 31. 1901.. 110.9S3.187 1.157.823 81
"~~~ CHARLES H. YARNELL. President.
; ; ¦X'v;, HENRY LYLBURN, Secretary.
Subscribed ajid sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January. 1902.
' RICHARD H. REILLY. Notary Public
.Pacific Coast Department:
EDWARD BROWN & ( SO1<S
GENERAL AGENTS J
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
1 SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CITY AGENTS 1
ROBINSON & NIPPERT,
i '¦"'•": 216 Sansome Street. " ,v:
S!TJ^TEls^ElNrT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• ¦ ' ' .'¦ ¦*¦.-¦*¦
— -OF THE—
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN, IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1901, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
. of the ' State of California, pursuant to the
previsions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner: . • .
. CAPITAL. -
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash .....'. $500,000 00
• ; , . ' N ASSETS. ' - '
Rear Estate owned by Company... 337,400 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 775,211 50
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 724,665 62
Amount of \ Loans secured . by . •
pledge of Bonds, i Stocks, and
other marketable securities as
collateral 239,244 18
Cash in Company's Office ........ 4,185 11
Cash in Banks : • • 133,230 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11,854 65
Interest due and accrued on Bonds -
and Mortgages 27,975 86
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion i- 119,981 08
Due from other Companies -for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2,930 60
Total Assets ...:$2,376,679 35
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ...... $29,101 96
Losses In process of Adjustment or
• in Suspense ' • 59,182 05
Losses resisted, including expenses. 11,970 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- .
nlng one year cr less. $820,803 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 413,401 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,462,-
970 00; reinsurance pro rata. . . . -. 767,482 13
Total Liabilities .' .'. .$1,281,137 64
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for " ' ¦ -
Fire premiums '..... • $1,087,63117
Received for interest on Bonds and ..-„,_
Mortgageo . : • • • - ... .... «,424 89
Received for interest and dividends ¦
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and ... nnn ,
from - all other sources 44,433 25
Rf celved for Rents ............... 4,542 28
Received from all other sources... 944 05
: Total Income . V. .*.'.'. .'. . .... - . .$1.181.075 64
EXPENDITURES. " ¦:•
Net amount . paid for Fire Losses
(including $85,020 50. losees of _ _ ¦
— previous years) ..: $521,081 57
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000,00
Paid or allowed for Commission or - '
Brokerage ...... •• ............. . . 224,838 27
Paid -for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 88,237 44
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ••• ••• ¦* 9 .2H ««
All other payments and expendi-
tures . • • f • • ....•..• • 102.99257
Total Expenditures .$1.036,961 51
¦".".-• . ¦ 'j ' Fire.
Losses incurred during the year. .. .$554,874 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. '
Net amount : of Risks ' I . ;
written during . the
year. ...... • • • ¦ • • • • $164,453,500 $1,653,972 00
Net amount of Risks .' " .-¦•-
- expired ¦ during the • ¦
year ............... 159,510.000 1,540.215 CO
Not amount In force * i K.*»f **^I ) ; _ ,
-December .31. 1901. 230,617,000 2.289,782 CO
" " ' A. H. SAWYER. President.
: -W. H. STEVENS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th
day of February. 1902. • • -'! > .
" . L. B. COOKE. . Notary Public .
V -"Pacific Coast Department.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
. GENERAL AGENTS,
411-13 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. :
I; 'CITY AGENT:
GEORGE H.MURDOCK,
412 California Street. ?-' ,
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OV
Pennsylvania, on the 31st -day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1901. and for the year -ending . oa
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of th« •
Political Code, condensed aa per blank fur-
nished by the -Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up .-- ¦
In Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS. .
Real Estate owned by Company.. $397,173 M
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 882.403 35
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 796,552 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar- .
ke table securities aa collateral.. 2,700 00
Cash in Company's Office........ ' ¦ 8,867 74
Cash in Banks 63,133 30
Interest due and accrued on all ~
Stocks and Loans 7,053 67
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13,677 80
Premiums in due Course of Collec- - *
tion 169.53100
Ground rents, well secured....... 19.B2O00
Rents due and accrued . 263 73
Total assets $2,360,886 S3
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted .and unpaid $61,693 SS
Losses in process of Adjustment or
¦ in - Suspense 93,903 73
Losses resisted, including expenses ' 23,969 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,039,-
57S 11; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 619,789 05
Gross premiums on Fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $875.'- .
087 53; reinsurance pro rata.... 419,159 3]
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance poli-
cies ...T-. ...:.-..: 575,309 M
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due...... 30,351 50
Total Liabilities .....$1,724,173 M
INCOME. ===:
Net cash actually received for Fire-
premiums $1,263,029 29
Received for interest on Bonds and •¦'
Mortgages .*. , 45,108 Bt
Received for interesfand dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 36.664 37
Received for Rents I*. . 8,887 84
Received from all other sources.. 28,650 68
Total Income ......$1,385,340 71
EXPENDITURES. - . r 35^
Net amount paid for Fire Losses '
(including $126,103 04, losses "of
previous yeanO...... $1,018,183 lV
Dividends to Stockholders. ...:.... 1- 15,000 QO
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage j 264,207 60
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
¦ charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 44,100 00-
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ..' 44.561 53
All other payments and expendi-
tures 163.307 07
»'. 'Total expenditures.. '....'. $1,549,359 38
•:"/•¦. Fire.*
Losses Incurred during the year. '.$1,071,643 90
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums. '
Net" amount of Risks
written during the . » .
year $136,775,520 $1,836,940 19
Net amount of Risks . ¦ •> : /
expired during the HRB1
' year.... 153.180.261 1.701.209 71
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901. . 165.143.920 1.914.665 6*
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. Prea.' -
RICHARD MARIS, Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th I
day of February. 1902.
H.'F. REARDON. Notary Public.
)'. ¦ .- . ...
Pacific Coast Department.
EDWARD BROWNS- SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET, 3
. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
' CITY AGENTS*
C. A. HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Street;
¦ ......
STATEMENT
; — — 6f the —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
? —^OF THE-
CALEDONIAN
r AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
(\ F NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
v York, on the 31st day of December A D
1801. - and ' for the year ending on that 'day as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State or California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 011 of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the ComI
missloner. . /
V CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
CaBn • • • • • 1200,000 00
ASSETS.^/ ' ™ . :
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and '
Bonds owned by Company * 202 200 00
Cash in Banks "i'oSD 18
Interest due and accrued on all ' ¦
Stocks and , Loans . . . . , j 005 41
Premiums in due Course 'of Collec-
tion »••..•••.•*.................., g 808 88
Due from other Companies for Re- '
Insurance on losses already paid.. 8.G38 95
Total Assets ."$318,782 42
- LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid . . .' $3 X3o 57
Losses in process of Adjustment or '
in Suspense -g^i 76
Losses resisted,. including. expenses.. 1 *>50 00
Gross premiums on Fire Kisks run-
ning one year or less, $15,U73 00 •
reinsurance 5o per cent 7 335 40
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
¦ nlng more than one year, $9043 20' ;
reinsurance pro rata' , r B71 oft
All other liabilities . . . . : ... 8,731 sa
Total Liabilities $33,042 60
INCOME. > V-.-.
Net cash 'actually received for Fire
premiums ......'.: ......... 151.95120
Received for interest and dividends
on 'Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 11300 62
Received for profit on realization of '
investments ............ 8,000 S3
: .'• Total- Income $69,242 35
•EXPENDITURES. -
Net amount .paid for Fire Losses (ln-
; eluding $27,316' 52, losses of pre-
vious years) .., $S0,676 3'»
Paid or allowed: for Commission or
-Brokerage ; 6,632 81
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
¦ charges for officers, clerks," etc... ¦ 4 »65 V
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .........¦...'......'. 3-221 CO
All, other payments . and expendl- .
tures....... ....................... 8,995 91
' Total Exoendltures .Vf 104,391 86
i Losses -incurred durlncr the year.'. . .$81,13^81
I Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums .
Net amount of j Risks '
written during, the • , -,j S
year ... •...:.. .'. . . $15,703,775 $160,556 23
Net amount.of Risks < , .. * ' "" .
expired during the .' ;-, -
¦I year....... '. : '16,184,773 .143,850 11
Net amount in force
December 31, 1901.. 2,210,863 ; 24,716 20 '[¦¦
CHAS. H. POST, President. '
, N. A. McNEIL, Secretary '
Subscribed • and sworn to before me'thu
20th day of January. 1902. ' . ",
Y /f'S / . H. E. FRANCK, Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department --Ssla
323 CaHfopriia Street,
. Sian Francisco. "":. ":¦-¦'•¦'.;."'
GEO. VV. BROOKS, THOS. «I. CON ROY,
• Asst. iWanagci*** . '.' ¦ " '; Manager.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE &CO.", Directors.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR, ATLAS.
A ear-load of Call Superior
Atlnnem ha» arrived and thry
are now ready for distribu-
tion. All snbficrlberM to The
Call are entitled to a copy of
tills sreat book at the prem-
ium rate of $1 SO. Out of
town anbBcrlbera desiring; m
copy of tnl* splendid prem-
ium will be "applied on re-
ceipt of $1 CO. All mall
orders will be shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
UNITED. STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
'' -1— OF THE . . *
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. •¦,. OF THE '¦• • '
MANCHESTER
ASSURANCE COMPANY .
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D; 1001, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant- to the provisions of sections-
610 and 611 of the Political Code, eondensed
as. per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
• CAPITAL. •, ':
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash ...3,... ...... .•...$1,000,000 00
• •" . ? ASSETS. . "• *
Real Estate owned by' Company': .. ¦ $4,282 77
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 1,5-17,320 00
Cash in Company's Office.. 721.47
Cash in banks '. '..'.... • 65,272 34
Interest due and accrued on all *
. Stocks and Loans 5,504 17
Premiums in due Course of Collec- .
tion 255,103 45
Bills receivable, 1 not Matured,
\ taken for Fire and Marine Risks 448 10
. Duo from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. % 2S5 29
Due from special agents.. • 205 OS
Total Assets »' $1,869,192 67
. LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $79,584 51
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 83,39100
Losses resisted, including expenses . 24,048 03
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running orte year or less. $1,080,-
401 43; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 013,200 70
Gross premiums on -Fire - Risks ¦ . ~
running more than \ one year, .
$982,985 99; reinsurance pro rata 515,170 07
Another Liabilities- 69,097 07
Total Liabilities ......... .$1,314,002 44
INCOME.
Net cash' actually received for Fire
premiums .$1,412,716 83
Received for interest and dividends ' [>'
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
-from all other sources 57,204.17,
Total Income' . . ... . . : .$1,460,921' 00
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $177,911 73, losses of
previous years) . . : $1,104,934 58
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .........: 287,630 45
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 92,274 63
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes : . 61,578 75
All other payments and expendl- \
tures .....;.:....;.".;. ©2,042 12"
Total Expenditures $1,629,360 53
- '' " . " . Fire! .
Losses incurred during, the year.. $1,121,396 56
Rieks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks ¦• '- • •; ' <¦•
written during . the
year $182,497,401 $2,108,292 83
Net amount of Risks . ¦ . , . .- • , .. -
-. expired .during- the -
'• year...... 189,848,038 2,121,957 66
Net amount in force H • :•..,...
December 31, 1901.. 190,349,213 2,069,387 42
} GEO. S. A. YOUNG, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of February. 1902. ¦
• EDWIN F." COREY.!
;..;.; . Commissioner for California.
;: ¦¦>; :¦ , . Pacific Coast Department >
323 Calif opnia Street,
San Francisco.
GEO. W. BROOKS,; THOS. J. CON ROY, .
Asst. Manager. Manager.
: BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Directors.Professor Giles of Cambridge, England,
says women cannot learn to read and
write Chinese. .. . , . .
Senator Kearns of Utah carries a time
piece of the finest Swiss workmanship,
which cost $600.
Miss Emma D. Monnet, stenographer in
the United States Internal Revenue Of
fice, is reported at the Fabiola Hospital
as improving from, her recent attack of
typhoid fever. • .- ,
Miss Monnet Improving.
The first sign of peace since the troubles
between the Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Building Trades Council began pre
sented itself- last night when the Building
Trades Council adopted a resolution pro
viding for a settlement of the controversy
by referring it to a majority vote of all
the carpenters in this district.
The primary cause of the trouble was
Leonhard Frank, a laborer, living on
Minna street, went to the Hall of Justcie
yesterday , afternoon with blood pouring
from his mouth and a cut en his nose.
He had been struck by T. E. Strong, a
dentist at Bush and Kearny streets. He
purchased a set of false teeth from
Strong three cays ago and they broke,
ho alleged. He went to Strong yesterday
afternoon and made complaint. Strong.
he said, wanted $3 to fix the teeth, and
when Frank refused Strong struck him
and kicked him out of his office. Strong
was arrested and I released on $23 cash
bail. He said he acted within hla rights.
Assaulted by a Dentist.
Carpenters' Controversy
May Soon Be Set
:, •-,. tied.
The case of J. E. Curby, charged with
grand larceny, was dismissed by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday because the com
plaining witness, Charles Wanner, a
visitor from Cleveland, Ohio, could not
be found. It was reported that he had
left the city. Wanner, who Is a Knight
of Pythias, got the "grip" from a bunko
steerer May 21 and was taken to a room
at 44 Fourth street, where he soon parted
with J125 at poker.
Lost Money at Poker.
END OF WAR
IS IN SIGHT
The annual graduating exercises of the
California School of Mechanical Arts will
take place on Tuesday, June 3, at 10:30 a.
m., at the school, Sixteenth and Utah
streets. A splendid programme of musical
selections and recitations has been pre
pared. . •. •
Lick Graduating Exercises.
Many relatives and friends were pres
ent to congratulate the graduates and
encourage the others in their works.
*lhe Wilmerding School of Industrial
Arts for boys also exhibited the works
of its students in plumbing, mathemat
ics and science, carpentry, bricklaying,
forgework\ cabinetmaking, architectural
drawing, woodcarving, clay modeling and
stonework. . . • .
The School of Mechanical Arts has
both girls and boys as students, and all
branches of drawing and mechanical
drawing are taught, also needlework
and hat trimming. Some of the exhibits
are truly works of art, and show the
progress of the student under the super
vision of able instructors.
An exhibition of the work done in
the last two years by the students
of the California School of Me
chanical Arts and the , Wilmerding
School of Industrial Arts was held
yesterday at their school building
at Sixteenth and Utah streets. The class
rooms were decorated with the work3 of
the students, who were on hand to
proudly exhibit their respective accom
plishments to their friends and relatives.
Entertain.
Two Schools of Mechanical Arts
PUPILS' EXHIBITS.
During the afternoon luncheon was
served to the twenty-five graduates and
the faculty In the drawing-room of the
school, which was beautifully decorated
in red roses and maidenhair fern. Dur
ing the luncheon, speeches of felicitation
•were made by the faculty and answered
in kind by the graduates.
Miss Bertha Schweintzer. Miss Teresa Gold
berg, Miss Sophie Ulstein. Miss Alicia Dufncy.
Miss Josle Stamper. Miss Mary O'Connell, Miss
Klla Hawley, Miss Clara Crumpton, Miss Emily
Truscott, Miss Elizabeth Nash, Miss Alice Cur
ley, Miss Louise Lisbon. Miss Nellie Newton,
Mi:>s Elotee Nolan, Miss Bessie Day. Miss Edna.
"Wilson. Miss Imogene Stein, Miss Mary Morl
son, Mies Kate Symes, Miss Mabel Farbush,
Miss Lina Hanson, Miss Elma Anderson, Miss
Lily Koch, Miss Rose Prince and Miss Ida
Dunne.
At the conclusion of the programme a
j!nks was in order, given by the Junior
class to the Senior class graduates. There
¦vrere songs, dancing and refreshments.
Miss Florence Martin was floor manager
and the committee in charge was com
posed of Miss Bertha Brockington, Miss
Ruette Lynch. Miss Doris Savage and
Miss Eleanor Samson.
• The exercises of the Normal student
graduates took place on Wednesday
morning, the diplomas being awarded by
Judge S. C. Denson to the followingyounij
ladies:
There were alsa addresses by Senator
E. I. Wolfe and D. S. O'Brien. The
chorus was under the direction of Miss
Eva A. Levy.
"The Pride of the Ball," I Mandolin Club:
"Greeting Song," little girts; "Five Little
Chickens," six little girls; '•Slumber Sea,"
third grades; recitation. "Ltttle Boy Blue,"
George Berta; "Tliree Rabbits," Edgar. Jack
and Gregory; "Poppy Song," first grades:
"There's a Wee Little .Nest." first grades; reci
tation. "Soldier Rest." George Nisbet; "Three
Little Toadstools," Leonid, Irene and Mary;
•"Home. Sweet Home," Mandolin Club;
•Grandfather's Glasses," Eldorado; "Swanee
River," Louise Ulnemer; "Annie Laurie," full
chorus; "Little Brown Hands," third grade;
"Santa Lucia," third grade; "When Golden
Days Are Over." third grades. "The Tar Baby"
<a drama, one act) — the Rabbit. Wllhelmlna;
the Tar Baby, Harold; the Fox, Ingram; Inter
locutor, Eliza. "Sweet and Low," second
grades; address. Henry G. W. Dlnkelspiel, Trus
tee State Normal School; address, Hon. E. E.
Schmltz. Mayor of San Francisco; "Home,
Sweet Home." full chorus.
Song by Miss Ruelte Iiynch of the Normal
School; e'ong by Miss A. lams of the Normal
School; poem, "In School Days" <Whlttier),
Mls<= Edna Bloss; •'Nocturne" (Chopin). Miss
Pearl Charles; reading. Searle Deering; song
by Miss Dickman of the tn lining department.
The diplomas were awarded by Dr.
Burk, president of the Mormal School.
In the afternoon there was an enter
tainment for the little ones, especially
arranged by Miss Florence Brockington,
Miss Buette Lynch. Miss Bertha Brocking
ton and Miss Clara Wesrfrman, teachers
in the Le Conte School. The following
•was the programme:
The graduating exencises of the Train
ing Department of the State Normal
School took place yesterday morning, in
the Normal School building on Powell
street near Clay. Trie six pupils who re
ceived diplomas were'. Miss Edith Coffee,
Miss Grace Macombey, Miss Edna Bloss,
Miss Pearl Charles. Searle* Deerlng and
Otis Lee. The following programme was
rendered:
Certificates were awarded Mary Cox.
Mary Lunney, Margaret Furlong,
Grammar school Graduates, St. Patrick's
School, 1902 — Patrick Dougherty. Aldan- Doyle,
Joseph Feeney, James Long, Edward McMul
len. John Murray, Frank O'Leary, John Raclk
George Ragee.
John Murray was awarded the drill
medal.
Academic graduates, St. Vincent's School
1902— Miss *M. Anthony, MIes A. Canepa Miss
<J. McCarthy, Miss A. Purvis. Miss K Robin
son, Miss E. Sheeny. Miss M. Sullivan. Firbt
honors, Miss Genevieve McCarthy; gold medal
lor music. Miss Alice Purvis; Miss Eleanor
Sheeny, honorable mention.
Gold medal for Christian doctrine. Miss
.Kathleen A. Robinson.
His Grace then gave certificates and
medals to the following:
Diplomas and medals were then handed
by his Grace to the following graduates:
GRADUATES' HONORS.
The Archbishop then tendered the grad
uates his felicitations upon their aca
demic success, and added words of en
couragement on that day when they
would go out into the world.
The Archbishop, addressing the grad
uates, craved ; indulgence while he said
something about the sisters of St. Vin
cent's School. Their modesty had caused
them to withhold their names in connec
tion with the exercises that had been so
much enjoyed— indeed, there had not been
the slightest reference to themselves,
though this was the golden jubilee of St.
Vincent's, founded just fifty years ago.
His Grace paid gentle tribute to their
years of labor for the divine master to
bring teachings of their religion to thou
sands of children in the city. He gave
a vivid illustration of the early days, the
time of Bishop Alemany, whose memory
lie begged the assemblage to revere,
when the sisters first came to San Fran
cisco, which was then a village. He ex
tolled their work, for they went to the
homeless and ministered to the. pick and
.gave consolation to the bereaved, for all
of which a debt of gratitude was due the
sisters of St. Vincent that could not be
put in words. He tendered them heart
felt thanks, beseeching upon their labors
the blessings of almighty God.
ABCHBISHOFS ADDRESS.
The pupils made a brilliant display of
talent. As Instrumentalists ,the children
exhibited a remarkable accuracy; as dan
cers they showed a rare grace ; as pian
ists the pupils of the St. Vincent sisters
proved their, musical training to be ad
mirable and thorough. The boys of St.
Patrick's School were no less successful,
whether as brave young soldiers and sail
ors or humorous Brownies, characters as
sumed by the pupils with such consum
mate skill as to send the vast audience
Into shrieks of laughter.
And when all the fine entertaining was
done, when the dance and the drama and
the singing and the military irianeuvers
were completed and applauded to the
echo, the very serious part of the pro
gramme, the awarding of the , honors to
the • graduates, was performed by Arch
bishop Riordan, assisted by the Rev. Fa
ther Cummins.
The golden jubilee celebration and an
nual commencement of St. Vincent's
School, In conjunction with the gradu
ating exercises of St.. Patrick's School,
were celebrated yesterday at the Grand
Opera-house. . '
Judge Heacock stated that he would
render a decision on Monday holding the
captain to answer before the Grand jury,
and in the meantime his counsel would
have an opportunity of getting: out a writ
of habeas corpus to test the jurisdiction
of the District Court, the counsel having
set up that the matter - was one that
should be dealt witn by court-martial.
Mate Carsted was discharged.
Captain Martens and Mate Carsted ap
peared before United States Court Com
missioner Heacock yesterday afternoon
on preliminary examination on the charge
of violation of a Federal statute prohib
iting on shipboard at sea any form of
corporal punishment other than feeding
on bread and water for a limited period
and ironing in the ship's brig. B. Bech
hofer, the third cook of the transport
Buford. told how, for disobedience of or
ders and refusal to work, he hau been
triced up on the bridge of u*e Teasel on
April 2 of this year. The captain, first
mate and other officers • testified that
Bechhofer had on many occasions been
found shirking his work and on other oc
casions had refused to work. He was
punished once for disobeying: orders and
was put on bread and water. He was
triced up for a repetition of the offense
and the witnesses who saw him punished
testified that his heels were on the deck
and that he smiled and grinned at them
when they looked at him.
Major Devol made other changes on
the Buford. First Assistant Engineer
William Morhoft was transferred to thu
Grant, and Third Officer K. Graumn was
dismissed from the service.
Captain A: Crosky of the Grant was
transferred to the Buford in place of the
deposed Martens, and Assistant Engineer
Robert S. Johnson, also of the Grant,
was transferred to the Buford.
Friction on the Buford has been pretty
constant ever since Martens took com
mand. The board of Investigation con
tented itself with a criticism of the se
verity of his discipline. A nap, taken dur
ing his watch on deck, was responsible
for the taking oft of Officer Graumn. The
other changes were deemed advisable in
the Interest of harmony.
The Buford will sail on Monday for
Manila.
United States Court Commissioner
Heacock announced yesterday that he
would hold Captain Martens of the trans
port Buford to answer before the Grand
Jury on the charge of cruelty preferred
by the transport's cook. As the result of
the investigation of the charges of lack
of discipline on the transport Major C.
A. Devol, the general superintendent of
the service at this port, yesterday sus
pended Captain Martens indefinitely.
? /jS^'*^ 0110^ 1 Su P e rinteti(rent Jordan
testified that he had investigated the
facts concerning Blanchard and that the
result of his investigation was the filing
of charges against the principal. This
closed the case, which was then submit
ted to the board for decision.
Blanchard admitted that he had beaten
John Haggio in the manner indicated in
the charges, but thought the punishment
\%as not unusual. He denied with em
phasis that he had secured by violence
a. confession from Raggio that he had
forged his mother's name to a nOte ex
plaining his absence from school.
The developments of the afternoon
were of little interest. Annie Mathlescn,
a former pupil of Miss Perry, testified in
behalf of Miss Perry that she had always
counseled her pupils to be good. On one
occasion after she was superseded by
Miss Peckham a pupil threatened to roll
marbles across the floor and put a mouse
in Miss Peckham's desk. Miss Perry ad
vised against such conduct. The same
witness told how she was present in
Miss Perry s room when Blanchard talked
v/lth her relative to the report on Rag
gio s punishment. Miss Perry seemed
surprised at what Blanchard said and
the witness heard her correct Blanchard
as to Raggio's age. The witness after
ward called upon Director Roncovleri and
narrated to him the circumstances of
Raggio s beating
Blanchard testified, relative to the re
port on corporal punishment, that an un
authorized interpolation had been made
therein by Miss Perry. He admitted
having made several suggestions to her
concerning the report, but she had made
certain statements therein contained of
her own volition: •
"That is talse!" shouted Miss Perry
"excitedly. "It is utterly false."
'•Take your seat!" commanded Chair
man Denman severely.
S?\ .? ld not tnlnk he ™>uld falsify like
that, was Miss Perry's rejoinder as she
seated herself.
Miss Emma L. Perry, the teacher who
figured • conspicuously in the prosecution
of Dr. -M. E. Blanchard, principal of. the
Hancock Grammar School, on charges of
falsifying a record and inhumanly beat
ing a pupil, virtually called Dr. BJanchard
a liar during the proceedings yesterday.
The irate teacher, whose veracity, was
questioned on the previous day, was re
peatedly urged by the Directors to main
tain quiet, and finally she was directed
to leave the room. Miss Perry declined
to leave and the trial was resumed.
Faculty and Graduates'.Enjoy
Plea sant Luncheon
Together.
Archbishop Riordan Hands
Medals to the Fair
. Graduates.
United States Commissioner
Heacock Holds Skipper to
Answer.
Case of Accused Teacher Is
Finally Submitted to
the Board.
The donors of the medals were the Rev-
P. J. Cummins. St. Vincent's Alumnae,
Young Ladies' Sodality, Children of Mary
and Sisters of Charity.
To Sister Superior Eugenie is due the
excellence of the ensemble of pupils num
bering about' 700. Every order of sisters
in the city was represented at the exer
cises.
Fitzgerald. Pearl Allen. Laura Cavag
naro, Josephine McManus, Hazel Allen,
Hazel Daughney, Katherine Reilly, Jose
phine Lyons and Louise Cereghino. High
est percentage— Mary Cox.
The clergy present were Archbishop
Rlordan, Rev. -Fathers Cummins,
"O'Hara, Barry, Collopy, McGinty, Keane,
Heslln, Moran, Quill and Hartnett;- and
Brothers Lucius Euphrasius and Zeno
phon.
and from the circumstances sur
rounding the case his friends fear, that
harm has come to him. He was seen last
Monday ' night, when he went about town
and settled some small' accounts, and
about 2 o'clock in the morning he went
to his home and left all his belongings
excepting his pistol on a table In his
room and then departed, taking his faith
ful dog and constant companion with
him. Since then no trace' of him has been
seen:
Gunning had been ill for the past two
weeks on account of his inability to sleep.
Hfs friends sought to have him give up
his duties for a time, but on account of
the faith imposed in him by the business
men about town he was reluctant to en-
REDWOOD CITY, May 29.— John
Gunning, who Tor many years
has held, the position here of city
night watchman, has disappeared
This Is regarded by the brotherhood
men as a complete victory, as they claim
they have a majority of the carpenters in
their ranks. The district council of the
brotherhood met last night, but adjourned
betore being apprised of the action taken
by the Building Trades Council. Some of
the brotherhood men who were seen after
the meeting said they were willing to
abide by the decision of »the majority of
carpenters, provided the Building Trades
Council does the same. The spirit of the
resolution gives this assurance, so that a
declaration of peace between the warring
factions may soon be looked for.
Resolved. That by reason of that fact the
Building Trades Council calls upon all con
tractors and builders to insist upon this con<
troversy being brought, to a close Immediately
"Whereas, The Building Trades Council has
on three different occasions, beginning with
November 17. 1901. April 14, May 22 and May
29. 1902, decided by unanimous vote that since
all the other trades, save the carpenters, were
satisfied with the constitution and the clause
in controversy, that the clause known as sec
tion 3. article 2. of the constitution be. in bo
far. as the carpenters were concerned. ¦ revoked,
and the said carpenters allowed by" majority
votp of all carpenters in the rnlona In this dis
trict of San Francisco to decide whpt central
body or bodies- they may belong to; : therefore,
be it \ -¦ *'¦'¦¦ N
: Resolved. By the Building Trades Council In
regular session assembled, that in view of the
action hereinbefore mer.tloned as having been
taken by this council, there is r.o barrier In the
way of the will of the majority of all car
penters of Pan Francisco being registered either
.for or against the Building Trades Council or
both; and be it further ¦
It is thought by some that he may have
taken a night freight train and left this
vicinity and will be found wandering
about in some near-by city— possibly in
San" Francisco. % •
section 3 of the constitution of the coun
cil prohibiting any affiliated union from
belonging to .any central body other than
that of the Building Trades Council.
Brotherhood Union 483 of carpenters,
which was affiliated with the Labor Coun
cil, refused to abide by this provision and
it accordingly withdrew from the Building
Trades. In retaliation for this act the
council called out union nien of all kind3
wherever they were found working, on
any job with brotherhood carpenters. This
caused dissension and the builders were
greatly inconvenienced by'the stoppage of
operations. Committees were appointed
and numerous conferences with the war
ring factions resulted, with a view to the
restoration of peace. ,
At the meeting of the Building Trades
Council last night the matter of repealing
the section came up and was discussed.
It was finally decided to leave the settle
ment of the question to a majority of the
carpenters themselves, when the follow
ing resolution, offered by Delegate J. Co
field of the. Plumbers' Union, was present
ed and adopted:
All day yesterday parties, headed by
Sheriff Mansfield,- scoured the near-by
fields and hills, but no trace of Gunning
could be found. Professor Rosseter sent
mit fifty of his High School boys to Join
14 the search, and every creek, ravine and
building was eiosely examined, but'with
out avail. This morning * large party
hunted the creeks and marshes to the
north and east of here and another party
started out this afternoon to drag the
creeks, but no sign of the missing man
has, been found. N - — - '•• •
trust another with his work. He seemed
to be ¦ despondent and dropped occasional
remarks which, now being recalled, add
strength to the supposition that he may
have committed suicide.
Miss Perry Accuses the
Principal, of Evading
v the Truth.
Major Devol Suspends
Captain Martens of
Transport Buford.
Fiftieth Anniversary of
School Is Fittingly
Observed.
SAYS BLANCHARD
SPOKE FALSELY
Normal School Training
Department Issues
Diplomas.
STUDENTS TAKE
THEIR DEGREES
DISCIPLINARIAN
IS DISCIPLINED
ST. VINCENT'S
JUBILEE DAY
WATCHMAN STRANGELY DISAPPEARS
AND FRIENDS SEEK HIM IN VAIN
John Gunning, Who for a Number of Years Held a Position of
Trust in Redwood City, Suddenly Passes Out of the Ken ; of
Acquaintances and May Have Determined to Commit Suicide
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ' FRIDAY, MAY .30, 1902.
JOHN GUNNING, REDWOOD
CITY'S NIGHT WATCHMAN,
WHO HAS DISAPPEARED.
8
i . . . , : ; ; ' — : : — ; ; ; —
i .- ; . ¦ • • ' . • . ¦ . . ; .. ' ¦¦•¦¦....-.. .•¦;.. i-li. ¦ ¦ ' -. . " ¦ ¦¦• ' ¦ .: ¦ : -
\ i A man noticed the small amount of food I was taking at breakfast and mv ll
| I evidient dislike for eating. He said, "You need Riparis Tabules." That proved the I
\ & best prescr i ption I ever received. I bought two f i ve=cent packages and they bene= • I .
[ § f ited me so much that I continued to take them. My dyspepsia has disappeared— and I
I j where before I could get only a few^ hours' sleejp >in the warm weather, Ripans Tabules I
» I also make my sleep refreshing so that 1 16^ I
s I At Druggists. I he Five-Cent packet is enough for an ordinary occasion. J
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦"¦¦¦¦¦"¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦m*m™The freight charges for hauling anthra
cite coal from the Pennsylvania mines aij
erecate $40,000,000 a' year.
Sargeant Hoff.
PARIS, . . May 29.— Sergeant Hoff . •: the
famous sharpshooter of the siege of Paris,
is dead. - .. - .-,.¦.;, .
ST. LOUIS, May 23.— Tommy Sullivan
of Brooklyn knocked out Eddie Santry of
Chicago to-night in the third round of
what, waa to have been a twenty-round
contest.; .... ¦:". --v •-. . - ¦¦¦->.
Santrv Lasts Three Bounds.
BAYS CONTRACT WAS BROKEN.— Henry
Prosde commenced an action for $5000 dam
ages yesterday against the George P. Eber
hard Company. • alleging breach of contract.'
He charges that the firm agreed to employ him
as a salesman, lor one year, with the privilege
of buying into*. the business, and failed to live
up to the; agreement. -... / ."-¦.. •-
Senate Confirms the Nomination.
WASHINGTON, May 29.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the nomination of G. K.
McKenzle for receiver of public moneys at
Stockton, Cal. '
John Jermyn.
I SCRANTON, ; Pa.; ; May 29.— John . Jer
myn,.' the millionaire coal/ operator, died
to-day, at his home in this city, aged 75.
WASHINGTON. May 29.— Senator Platt
of New .York to-day introduced a Jblll
making train robbery a felony and provid
ing the death«penalty for the offense.
Dee.th Penalty for Train Robbery.'
OAKLAND. May 29.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to *Ella V. DIx, aged
19, and Abe Mendes, aged 21, both of Oak
land: Nathan T. Cory, over 21, Seattle,
and Jane S. Shoemaker, over 18, Oakland;
"Walter S. Starr, aged 25, San Francisco,
and Carmen Moore, aged 24, Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
Judge Cook issued an order yesterday
restraining A. Ottinger, H. R. Duffin and
S. Newman, ticket scalpers, from pur
chasing or dealing in tickets Sold by the
Southern Pacific to delegates to the Fed
eration of "Women's Clubs Convention re
cently held at Los Angeles. He assigned
the case to Judge Murasky. . '
Enjoins Ticket Scalpers.
JOLIET, 111., May 29.— Charles ' A. Hill,
Assistant ' Attorney General during the
Tanner 'administration, died to-day, aged
68, of Bright's disease. Hill'- was a mem
ber of Congress in 1888 and 1SS9. He served
with distinction during the Civil "War.
Charles A. Hill.
MI3S V Campbell. WU M Rose. Clarksburg- ¦
Mrs J L. For.d. Wls E Fubaiclld. La
J Hitchcock & s. Mo J J Kelley. gausallto-
C M Dowe. L Ang Mrs A Thompson. Or '
Dr C P Brown, Seattle Mrs D Richardson. Of
Mrs RE House. Seatl J W Van Meter & w.
J RobMns. Wash Seattle
J H Werly. Pine Grove J P Rlley A w, N T
F Lantenschlager. Ohio J A McNutt. Kansas
J C McKlttrick, Tex J B Hardman, 1. An«r I
Frank Addy. Cal M E Schulton. L Aoe
W S ButcheL Cal O W W Hogh. Iowa
B Anderson & w. Hon T Hitchcock. Mo
W Eaton Pomona J D Hell & w. Chicago
B Butterheld. Mexico C Cummings & w. L A
J Bolton. Chicago D McDonald. Tesla
IV J Rodgere St Louis C Baker. Bakersfleld }
J C Fedlnger. Ky J E Quinn. Chicago •
E B Komi * w. Minn G R Brown A -w. In4
W. H Gard & w. Ohio H Oertly. Salinas
C Moats. Oakland » . IH KincaM. C*i
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
HALIFAX. N. S., May 29.— The German
steamer Arcadia, which was two days
overdue, arrived to-day from Hamburg
and landed 1300 irntnigrants, after which
she proceeded for Boston and New York.
Overdue Steamer Arrives at Halifax.
THE DAY'S DEAD
The San Francisco Section, Council of
Jewish Women, will; hold a special meet
ing at Emanu-El Temple, Sutter street,
between Stockton and Powell, next Sun
day evening at 8 o'clock. * Mrs. Frederick
Nation will deliver an address on the
Consumers' League. The public Is Invited.
Jewish Women to Hold Meeting.
NEW YORK, May 29.— Money on call, steady
at 2%@3Vj per'cent, closing bid and asked Z<!f
3ii P«r cent. Prime mercantile paper. 4@4%
ner cent. Sterling exchange, steady, with ac
tual business In bankers' bills at $4 87 tor
demand and $4 84% tor sbrty days. Posted
rates $4 85Vi and $4 S8. Commercial bills.,
$4'83%®-* S4%- Baf «U v er. Bl%c. Mexican
dollars, 41 %c. Government bonds, steady;
State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
New York Money Market.
The newsboys of this city met last night
at 915% Market street and formed a union,
the object of which is to secure protection
for the members and also to help support
sick and Infirm members. The following
officers were elected:
President, Robert Wall; vice president,
B. Welch; secretary, Arthur Yellnsky;
treasurer, Mayor Schmitz.
Mayor Schmitz delivered a short ad
dress and advised the boys how to act In
order that the. new organization might
obtain satisfactory results.
Newsboys Form a Union.
DUBUQUE, Iowa, May 29.— Archbishop
Keane does not believe the reports of hia
succession to the late Archbishop Corri
gan. He says Archbishops are not trans
ferred from see to see without, cause, and
so far as he knows he will remain in Du
buque. .
Does Not Believe the Report.
Puts Footpads to Rout.
ALAMEPA, ¦ May. 29.-P. Pease of 1829
St. Charles street has .reported to the
police that two tall highwaymen attempt
ed to hold him up near his home Tues
day night. Pease says he routed the foot
pads by firing his pistol at them three
times. . - ..¦-, ' : ¦ . , . . . .-¦ , •
* •' ' ' '. — — «
High School Will Hold Reunion;
On Saturday. June 7, the graduates c
the Girls' High School of San Franclsc
will hold their second annual reunion t
the school on Geary and Scott streets.
TREBLE CLEF CLUB
GIVES A MTTSICALE
Amateur Organization Produces an
Operatic Sketch Before Large
Audience. . • ,
The muslcale given by the Treble Clef
Club In Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall last
evening was largely attended. The pro
gramme rendered was as follows: '«• ¦". ->
"fit. Johr/« Eve" (Chamln&de); solo. Mrs. A'.
T. Fletcher; "Approach of Spring" (Gade);
"Chaneon ProvencaJe" (Dellacqua). Miss Louise
Gros«?ttl. by request; "Evening Prayer in Brit
tany" fCtuunina.de) ; aoloe. Miss M. Redell. Mrs.
O. C. Coiner; "Annie Laurie" (Dudley Buck).
A one-act opera entitled "King Rene's
Daughter" was cleverly rendered, by the
following: eingers:
Mn. A. T. Fletcher, soprano; Miss Evelyn B.
Worrell, mezzo-soprano; Mrs. Joha Madden,
contralto. ¦ . . ,'
Sent to Reform Schools.
. Peter Mayntzer and Charles GaKIard,
boys, who pleaded gui'.ty before Judge
Cook Wednesday on a charge of attempt
to commit a criminal assault upon Hat
tic Whitbeck, a young girl, appeared for
¦entence yesterday. Mayntzer was sent
to the Whlttier Reformatory and Gall
«wd to the lone school. , Meantime sen
tence is suspended..
OAKLAND. May 29.— Michael Sullivan.
a laborer, aged 40, drank laudanum and
died' last night' at the residence of his
sister, Mrs. J. : E. Taylor. ¦ 658 Hopkins
street. Sullivan had been in ill health
since he lost a leg in a railroad accident
a year ago. The Coroner will/hold an
inquest. - . ¦ ¦ ',
Dies From Laudanum Poisoning.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May. 29.— The
following Callfornlans registered at the
hotels to-day: At the Willard— John A.
Benson of San Francisco, J. S. Torrance
of Pasadena, J. L. Hutchlnson and wife
of Palo Alto, and C. J. Dempster of Oak
lend. At the Arlington— J. J. George of
Lob Angeles. At the Raleigh— M. Abra
ham, G. H. Lar^nson and Miss* Larenson
oi San Francisco. At the Shoreham— F.
M. Pickering and wife of San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
! The first cricket match of the season
between a. city and a country club will
be played to-day on the grounds at Web
'ster street. Alameda, between the Pacific
and Santa Cruz Country Club teams. The
Pacific team will consist of H. C. Casidy
(captain), C. P. Coles. A. W. Wilding. B.
Kortlang, D. Jamieson, W. Jamleson, J.
J Theobald. F. Bennion, E. T. Langdale.
T J. A. Tiedemann and V. • P. Sollom.
The Santa Cruz team will be selected
from the following: H. F. Anderson, J."
F Coope. D. Johnston, F. W. Stansfeld,
p" D Gellatly, A. Jenkins, W. Thomas.
E*. G. Sloman, A. Reynolds. E. H. Day,
K B. Colllngs, W. Stags. G. Butler. A.
W hi taker. W. Banner, E. Worthlngton
and R- Price-Dent. " . v:
Cricket Match at Alameda.
The third annual performance of the
minstrels of the Columbia Park Boys'
Ciub was given in Odd Fellows' Hall last
evening before an appreciative audience.
The efforts of the lade were greatly - ap
preciated. The first part of the pro
gramme was devoted to an old-time min
strel show. Sydney Pelxotto was Inter
locutor, George Hammer' and Walter
Griffin tambos, and Eugene Richards and
William .McLaughlin bones.
Songs were rendered by Eugene Rich
ards. Abe Appleton. George Hammer,
Charles Norton, Walter Griffin. William
Prang, William McLaughlin and < Joe
Moriarity.
The second part of the programme was
devoted to specialties and cleverly played
sketches. The Columbia Park Boys' Club
band rendered patriotic music during the
evening.
at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Club Entertain Large Audience
Members of Columbia Park Boys'
The Fifteenth Grand Council of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society will convene
in Santa Maria Del Mar, Santa Cruz, on
Tuesday, June 17. The election of dele
gates of the different branches through
out the State will take place during the
comlngr week. - ,
A bazaar for the benefit of the aid so
ciety will be held in Native Sons' Hall
iiom September 25 to October 4. All of
the branches are making extensive prep
arations for the coming- event. Branches
No. 8 -Cathedral and No. 25 Paullsts have
already secured many beautiful articles,
for which tickets have been Issued and
distributed. Branch No. 2 St. Charles
will give an "at home" at Athenium Hall,
Howard and Seventeenth streets, Friday
evening, June 6. the proceeds of which
will go to the bazaar fund. •
Throughout the State. ,
Delegates of Various Branches
Annual Council Will Be Attended by
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID
SOCIETY TO CONVENE
"The defiant element," continues Colonel
Baldwin, "respect nothing but powder and
the sword. They wlll'destroy humans un
til destroyed themselves."
General Davis replied that to meet the
emergency in the way suggested by Col
onel Baldwin would necessitate the cap
ture of every Moro fort wnlch now admits
American soldiers as friends, and that
such action ¦ on the part- of the American
forces Is forbidden by existing orders.
MANILA, May 29.— Colonel- Frank D.
Baldwin of the Fourth United States In
fantry has telegraphed to Brigadier Gen
eral George W. Davis, In command of the
United States troops in the island of Min
danao, that he does not expect to estab
lish satisfactory peace conditions In the
Lake Lano district until the defiant ele
ment is wiped out. The natives, pretend
ing to be friendly, are urging that this bo
done, as their own lives are in jeopardy,
"which," the colonel adds, "we are in the
highest sense under obligations to pro
tect." • .
Element Bs Destroyed.
MOROS ARE STILL DEFIANT.
Colonel Baldwin Recommends That
From San Francisco— Mrs. Freeman, at
the Navarre; Mrs. Keife, at the Conti
nental; W. S. Roiney, at the St. Denis;
M. W. Baruch, I. Zellerbach, A. Levlson,
and wife and E. Saund»rs, at the Herald
square; W. B. Buchanan, at the Hoff
man; C. M. Chalfm, at the Grand Union;
Mrs. C. F. Kinsman, at the Normandie;
A. E. Peck and F. W. Tendrunkel at the
Manhattan, and C. Sullivan and wife, at
the Broadway Central.
From Los Angeles— J. Irving and A. B.
Miner, at the Imperial; H. D. Lombard,
at the Herald-square, and Mrs. A. E.
Pomeroy at the Kensington.
NEW YORK. May 29.— The following
Californians are In New York:
Californians in New York.
•WASHINGTON. May 29.— Howard Frea
inan of Portland, Or., \ to-night defeated
Nat Butler of Boston in a ten-mile motor-
Faced bicycle race at the Coliseum track.
Time, 16:02 3-5 and 1G:32. Butler had
trouble with his motor in the fifth mile
and lost four laps before the machine was
righted.
Freeman Wins Bicycle Race.
The annual scratch singles tournament
for the championship of San Francisco
will be played to-day on the California
Ciub courts. Play will commence at 10
a m It has been decided that the pres
ent champion will not stand out, but will
have to play in the tournament. Last
year was the first time an event of this
kind was ever held, and the champion
ship went to George Whitney. Mr. Whit
ney will not take part in the tournament-
The Park Tennis Club has sent in a
number of entries. Including Charles Dun
lap, Harry Routh, T. W. Tetley, G. K:
Bates and James Code. ¦
All of the crack players of the Califor
nia Club have entered their names ar.il
some good matches will result. William
Goss the champion of Oregon, will prob
ably play In the tournament.
Tennis Championship Matches.
Letters of regret were read from Gar
ret W. McEnerny and Professor Taffe,
prominent members of the alumni asso
ciation, v
J.' R. Murdock, W. M. Maguire, W. J. Grace,
T D. Maher, J. E. Richards, F. J. Sullivan,
W. D.' McCarthy, F. S. Kelly, J. A. Young.
M. D. Zan, J. J. Greeley. E. It: Myrick, J. D.
Plover, C. Myrick, J. J. Mulremuh, C. D. Mc-
Gettigan, W. • P. Dwyer. J. L,. Jaunet, W. A.
Keely, B. A. Smith. J. P. Towey, E. C. Rice.
T. C. Kenneally, Asa Porter, G. J. McDonough,
J. P. Flannasran, P. F. Courneen, H. Hartley
L. F. Ryan, C A. Adam, J. W. Solen. W. J.
Walsh, H. R. Guerchard, P. J. McCormick,
H J. Courneen, R. S. McCarthy, Arza Porter,
H H. Huff. B. J. Flood and L. H. Ward.
During the banquet, at which Charles
J. Heggerty was troastmaster, speeches
were made by Dr. W. D. McCarthy. Dr.
McMurdo, John T. Greany; Judge F. J.
Murasky, F. J. Kierce,' the Rev. P. J.
Collopy, John E. Richards, John J. Mc-
Dcnald, Brother Ermlnold, Brother
Agnon and J. F. Courneen. Among the
guests were: 7 ¦ ¦ i
President, W. A. Maguire '94; vice president.
Dr. Thomas' D. Maher -'94; secretary. B. ,J.
Flood' '97 ; directors— W. ¦ A. Kelly # 9ti; H. J.
Courneen '02; the Rev. P. W. Collopy '91; F:
J. Sullivan "92; Judge F. J. Murasky 'S3.
OAKLAND, May 29.— St. Mary's Col
lege Alumni Association held its annual
banquet and election of officers las't even
ing at the college. Following are the
newly elected officers:" •
nual , Reunion - and . , Choose
Their New Officers.'
St. ; Mary's Alumni 'Hold Their An-
COLLEGIANS MEET AT.
THE BANQUET BOARD
Nearly stx hundred gathered In the
tEnquet hall of the Native Sons' building
last night In response to an Invitation
from El Capitan Council of the National
Urion to enjoy its ''at home." A vaude
ville entertainment, the serving of light
refreshments and dancing entertained the
guests. Those who contributed to th«
programme, aside from George H. Bahrs
Merton C. Allen and Senator James E.
Field, who made short addresses, were:
Miss Carrie Jones, who contributed a
recitation; J G. Kohler. a violin solo:
Miss Belle \ incent, a contralto solo:
John Cassad, an instrumental solo; tenor
solo, W. Flood; ballad. Harry O'Day
fancy dance. Miss Rose Belasco; J J
Colgan, bass solo; coon specialties, Ellen
Lambert; barytone solo, J. Gallagher
and ballad. J. E. Donohue. Dancing was
continued until midnight. The affair was
under the direction of Lawrence Vincent
Joseph A. Wilson.' Z. H. Harris, Ed Be
lasco and Leo de Cardona.
Subordinate of the National Union
Entertains Five Hundred Friends
in Lodgerooxn.
EL CAPITAN COUNCIL
HOLDS AN "AT HOME"
The probable winners In the most im>
portant 'of the stakes to be run at Union
coursing park this week are as follows:
Puppy stake-Miranda. Maid of Termi
nus, Royal Acclaim. Matters Much. Money
Musk. Cosette, Flora Belle and Hot
S1 CaUfornla coursing: committee stake-i
Vandal. Palo Alto. Rector, Anchor. Ho
mer Boy, Sacramento Boy, Royal Archer
a 0 d pel ea s C te n ke-Mamle Pleasant. Ireland.
Fenli. McHenry, Lottie W. Silver Cloud.
Glaucus, Golden Garter. Musket. Menlo
Prince. Flower of Gold. Rural Artist, Jln
ele Bells, For Glory, Tyrone Prince.
Wedgewood, Santonin. Regal Attire. May
Hempstead. Articulate. Sugar Cane. Lib
erator. Mose. Tralee Boy. White Hat.
Fannie Hughie, Sir Pasha, May Morning.
Cascade. Royal Hughie. Little Sister an*
Sofala. ¦
Union Coursing Park Selections.
Through the kindness of friends a
bountiful lunch was provided. The chil
dren were accompanied by the deacon
esses and by the teachers of the kinder
garten.' The' picnic was arranged for by
Miss Susie F. Abbott, superintendent of
the kindergarten department, assisted by
Ever . Ready . Circle of the King's
Daughters. .
The members of the kindergarten de
partment of the Central M. E. Church
were - given a treat yesterday afr the
children's playground' in Golden .Gate
Park. About 100 little ones were provided
with a special car and rode out to the
park, where they enjoyed themselves on
Ihe -merry-go-round, . swings and other
games to their heart's content.
Kindergarten Have Pleasant
• Day.
Members of Central M. E, Church
CHILDREN ENJOY PICNIC
IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
Mrs. William Tevis and family are at
Lake Tahoe for the summer months.
Charles Holbrook and Miss Olive Hol
brook are on their way . East, where
they will remain until early fall.
Miss Sara Collier is entertaining Miss
Edith McBean.at her country home. In
Lake County.
Mrs. Charles Bent entertained a score
of friends ' yesterday afternoon at the
Town and Country Club.
F. Ellis Miller, financial secretary of
the Young Men's Christian Association,
and Miss Nettie May Adamson were mar
ried; yesterday at high: noon. It was: a
quiet -home wedding,- only a few friends
and relatives being present. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. E. J. Harper, D.
p., '.pastor of Centenary Methodist Epis
copal Church, South. The bride was at
tended by Miss Nellie Schuler, and George
W: Emerson, cashier .of the association,
acted as best man. The bride was charm
ingly attired. The bridal couple left the
city immediately after the ceremony for
an extensive wedding trip.
• Mr. Rutter is Assistant United States
Fish Commissioner, in charge of the San
Francisco office. He has been at the
head of the commission's scientific in
vestigations in California for the past five
years. He was graduated from Stanford
University with the. class of '96. Mrs.
Rutter has been librarian and editor for
the California Academy of .Sciences for
some years, and she numbers among her
warm friends practically alL the members
of the scientific faculties of the two uni
versities and other scientists qf the State
who affiliate with the academy. •
Mr. and Mrs. Rutter left last evening
for the groom's former home at Oakland
City, Ind., where the honeymoon will be
spent. They will return to San Fran
cisco about July 1.
the residence of the bride's mother. The
Rev. Dr. F. B. Cherington, pastor of Ply
mouth Congregational Church, officiated
William Sproule. freight traffic man
ager, and E. O. McCormick, passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific
Company, and his secretary. George
Gardner, left for the East last evening.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of . the
Santa Fe, with headquarters at Los An
geles. Is among jthe arrivals at the Grand.
\V. R. Spaldlng, a lumber dealer of V!
salia, is here on a short business trip. He
f<as made his headquarters at the Lick.
Ex-Governor George "W. Baxter of Den
ver has returned from j Monterey and is
a guest at the. Palace.
Louis F. Breuner, ¦ president of the
Chamber of Commerce of Sacramento, Is
at the Palace. •.".-.
Assemblyman George R. Stewart, a
cattle raiser of Crows Landing, Is at tht
Grand. .
Judge W. B.- Heyburn bf Wallace,
Idaho, Is. among the arrivals at the Pal
ace.
E. S. Churchill, a banker of Napa, is
registered at the Palace. »
Albert C. Harmon, a mining man of
Camp Seco, is at the Palace.
Railrcad Commissioner N. Blackstock
of Ventura is at the Grand.
Thomas Clarke, a mining man .of Pla
cerville. is registered at the Grand.
Superior Judge R. White of • Lake
County is a guest at the California.
W. E. Rogers, a merchant of Los An
geles, is at the Lick.
W. J. Tinnin, a capitalist of Fresno, is
staying at the Grand.
E. B. Gage, a mining man of Phoenix,
Ariz., is at the Palace.
F. R. Wehe, District Attorney of Sierra
County, is at the Lick.
J. M. Walthall. District Attorney of
Modesto, Is at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
NEW YORK, May 29.— It was announced at
the District Attorney's office to-day that the
Grand Jury that has been investigating the
murder, of Mrs. Voelpel at < Christopher and
Hudson streets, in February, -' had dismissed
the "case against John -Voelpel. . the woman's
17-yeaf^old son. The boy probably will be re
leased. ' : - ¦¦.'•,
WASHINGTON. May 29.— The bill of Repre
sentative Overstreet of Indiana, abolishing the
one-eighth keg of beer," was favorably acted
upon by the Ways and Means Committee. The
measure is desired by the beer trade in order
to do away with the small kegs.
"WASHINGTON. May 29. — The State Depart
ment has been ' informed by United States Min
ister Powell at Port au Prince that the new
provincial government of Haytl was yesterday
formally recognized by the diplomatic corps
at Port au Prince.
DENVER.' Cola, May 29. — Investigation of
the death of Mr. and Mrs. Cass Damron by
the 'Coroner's Jury resulted In a verdict that
Damron first murdered his wife and then killed
himself, in a fit of morphine intoxication.
WASHINGTON. May 20.— The State Depart
ment has been officially advised that the long
standing dlstmt* between' Chile and -Argentine
respecting the boundary' question has at last
been • finally • and satisfactorily adjusted.
RETIRING PRESIDENT OF'
THE .CORONA -CLUB - AND
HER SUCCESSOR^- . r: ,;.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Miss Effle A. Mclllriach. daughter of
Mrs. F. D. Mclllriach of 1014 Golden Gate
avenue, and Cloudsley Rutter were mar
ried yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock at
CLEVER JUVENILES . GIVE
MINSTREL PERFORMANCE
Mrs. Henry T. Scott entertained a num
ber of friends from the city at" her Bur
lingame residence early this week. Among
the guests were Mr,, and Mrs. Mountford
Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Pomeroy^Mr.
and Mrs. J. P. Crockett and Mrs. Eleanor
Martin.
The residence of Mrs. William E. Den
nlson, at 14 Broderlck street, was the
scene of a charming reception tendered
the ladies of the "Wymodausis Club yes
terday afternoon between the hours of
2 and 5 o'clock. About 100 guest3 were
delightfully entertained. An orchestra
was in attendance and an excellent mu
sical programme was offered, j Dainty re
freshments were served. The decorations
were beautiful and artistic. Pink was the
predominating color. Sweet peas and car
nations were effectively arranged in the
dining- rodm, • while, hawthorn was lav
ishly placed in the hall and drawing
rooms. Mrs. Dennison was assisted in re
ceiving by Mrs. F. B. Carpenter, the club
president, while the remaining twenty
five members added much pleasure to the
afternoon. This study club will discon
tinue its meetings during the. summer
months. ".->.¦ ;
"Our Officers." Mrs. F. A. McLaughlin; "Our
Members," Mrs. E. G. Denniston; "Our Crit
ics," Mrs. Elizabeth Peltret: "Our Frien-ls."
Mrs. S. Duncan; "Visions," Mrs. Robert "Wal
lace; "Realities," Mrs. L. R. Tuttie; "Op
portunity," Mrs. E. I. Robin9on; "California,"
Dr. Flora McDonald; "The Mission of Cul
ture," Mrs. Harold Seager; "Finus Coronat
Opus," Mrs. Frank Dalton.
The tables were elaborately decorated
with flowers, the color schene being green
and white. A fishnet over the center table
was arranged as a canopy and intertwined
with white flowers and foliage. Mrs.
Barry made a brief address of kindly
welcome to the new president. -, Durinjr
the breakfast Mrs. W. H. Cobb was a gra
cious toastmlstress, and clever toasts
were heard as follows:
Mrs. Robert MeClellan. Mrs. L. R. Tuttle,
Mlss^Helcn Bryant. Mrs. William Dalton. Mrs.
Alice- Doane. Mrs. H. M. Stevens.- Mrs. John
Bullock Mrs George Fredericks. Mrs. Robert
Wallace and Mrs. Frank Dalton. ; ' '.
THE Corona Club's third annual
breakfast yesterday at Mission
Masonic Temple was the last af
fair of that organization dur
ing the summer. Covers were
laid for 170 guests, all of whom were
members of the club. Mrs. Annie Little
Barry, the retiring president, and Mrs.
E. G. Dennlston, the new president, were
honored guests. The following new offi
cers were also among those present:
NEW YORK. May 29. — Gravesend summary:
First race," hurdle handicap, mile and a half,
over six hurdles — Cephalalgia won. Borough
second, Tankard third. Time, 2:51.
Second race, maiden two-year-olds, five
furlongs. Belling — Daisy Green won. Mt. Hope
second. Decoration third. Time, 1 :01 3-5.
Third race, handicap, mile and seventy yards
— Dublin won. Monograph second, Numeral
third. Time, 1:44 4-u. ' • f
Fourth race, the May stakes, for three-year
olds, about six furlongs — Delagoa won, Jim
Tully second. Brunswick third. Time, 1:10 1-5.
Fifth race, two-year-olds, five furlongs —
River Pirate won, Monte Carlo second. Injunc
tion third. Time. 1:01.
Sixth race, mile and a furlong, selling —
Rocky won, Kingraine second. Satire third.
Time. 1:34 4-5.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., " May 29.— Fair Grounds,
summary:
First race, four and a half furlongs, purse,
maiden two-year-olds — Au Revoir won, Bud
weiser second, Cochran third. Time :56.
Second race, seven furlongs, purse — Red Hook
won. Doe Skin second. Leviathan third. Time,
1:28. ' - ' '
• Third' race, mile and a quarter, selling— Le
Flare won. The "Way second. Swordsman third.
Time, 2:09%. £ « • : • . • -
Fourth race, "sfx furlongs, purse — NIckey D
won, Crimean second, Lakeview Belle third.
Time, 1:13.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Varro won, Bengal second, Tickful third. Time.
1:46&
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Eugenia S won, Wall second, Bill Massie third.
Time; 1:43.
CINCINNATI. May 29.— Latonla summary:
First race,, six furlongs, selling — The Geezer
won. King Talius second, Nels Morris third.
Time. 1:15^.
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Maghonl
won. Our Sallle second. Marchioness third.
Time. 1:"C3.
Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Baronet won,- Drummond second. Pretty Rosie
third. Time. .1:47%.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — J. J. T.
won. Rag Tag second, Orla third. Time, 1:14*4.
Fifth race; five and a half furlongs — Lendln
won. Not Wisely second, Orlentz third. Time,
:56%. ...¦;¦• . .1— ¦
Sixth race, six furlongs — Cleorita won, Julia
J.unkln second. Maggie Felix third. . Time. 1:14.
CHICAGO, May 29. —Hawthorne summary:
".First race, one mile — Rollick II':.won, Senator
Sullivan second, Hayward Hunter third. Time,
l:44tf. ' . ¦> . '¦. :.',"-. ... . I
S Second racfe, six furlongs — Imp Layla won.
Brigade second, Pompino third.'. Time, 1:14.
Third race, six furlongs — Sidney C. Love won,
Rheta second, Sprlngstead third. Time, 1:16%.
Fourth • race. ' one mile — Vulcain won. Flying
Torpedo second. Searcher third.' ' Time. 1 :43.
Fifth race, .mile and an eighth — Miss Liza
won, Eva Rice ' second,' ' Merops ; third. Time,
1:56%. ;.,
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Emathian won.
Tommy Foster second," Last 'Knight third.
Time, l:2S& \ ;^
Flying Torpedo Is Defeated by Vul
cain in a Mile Race at Haw- "
thorne.
DEL AGO A WINS THE MAY
STAKES AT GRAVESEND
The Commissioners of Insanity carefully
examined the pitiful subject and at onc»
came to the conclusion that he is hope
lessly demented. The child was therefore
ordered committed to the hospital for m
pane persons at Napa by order of Judge
Hebbard and he was sent to that insti
tution late yesterday afternoon.
Dr. McLaugrhlln said he Tiad noticed fc.r
some. time- t-hat sonwthlne ,was wrong
with the child. He would try to hurl him
self into the fire and would viciously at
tack the other children at every oppor
tunity. At times his hearing seemed to be
all right for he would listen to what was
being said and apparently seemed to com
prehend its meaning. He never uttered a
word and the power of speech seems to
have forsaken him forever.
He added that the unfortunate little
one's father was a seafaring man and
that his mother is dead. While the father
is away at sea he leaves the lad in charge
of the colored "woman and the treatment
he received was not the best for one so
young and so unfortunately afflicted.
Further than this Ryan knew absolutely
nothing: about the lad.
According to Dr. McLaughlin's story
the child was left at Mount Saint Joseph's
Crphanage on May 22 by James Ryan,
who gave his address as the Press Club.
Ryan told the sisters that he found the
child in a lodging-house conducted by a
colored woman and brought him to the
crphanage so that he might receive proper
care.
A pitiful case was presented to the In
sanity Commissioners yesterday afternoon
when Dr. Albert McLaughlin brought
Mannie Janson, 4 years of age, who is
deaf and dumb and insane, before the com
missioners to be' sent to some institution
for demented persons. The boy is a hand
some, curly haired little fellow, but his
reason is entirely gone and It seems be
yond the power of medxeal skill to ra
store it.
Neither Speak Nor Hear and
Seems Hopelessly Insane. •
Pitiful Case of Child Who Can
BOY OF FOUR YEARS
SENT TO NAPA ASYLUM
The appeal in the case of the Queen
Elizabeth Company, Limited, and Puget
Sound Tugboat Company against Charles
Kelson and his steam schooner Lakme
v.as argued yesterday before Judges Gil
bert, Ross and Hawley In the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals. Judg
ment had been given In the lower court
against the respondent, and the argu
ment yesterday .was on Nelson's appeal.
E>. C. Hughes, Preston, Carr & Gilman
and Page, McCutchen. Harding &
Knight represented the companies and
Nathan Frank argued the case for Nel
son. ;
The libel was brought to recover dam
ages for injuries suffered by the Britsh
ship Queen Elizabeth in a collision on
April 14, 1900, between that vessel and the
Lakme. At the time of the collision the
ship was navigating the waters of Piiget
Sound in tow of the tug Tyee, bound
from Port Townsend to Port Blakeley.
The libel charged negligence on the
part of, the Lakme In answering a signal
from tne Tyee that the latter with her
tew would direct her course to port, with
a signal that she would do likewise,
whereas she did the opposite and directed
her course to starboard, thus precipitat
ing a collision between herself and the
Queen Elizabeth. One of the chief points
a; issue is the respective responsibility of
the Tyee and the Queen Elizabeth for
damage done to the Lakme on the cross
libel. The case was taken under advise
ment and the court adjourned until Mon-
"of Tower and Towed Before
Appeal Judges. -
Question of Divided Responsibility
COLLISION RAISES POINT
OF INTEREST TO SHIPPERS
Three-year course in domestic science — Olive
Irene Baker. Kate Dunker, Edna L. Hubacher,
Madeleine M. Murphy, Emma F. Owens. One
year commercial course — Katherine Ahem,
Annie E. Atthowe, Belle O. Bering. Mathyldc
E. Browne, Evelyn S. Crowley. Julia M. V.
Danahy. Alma A. Diel. Mabel R. Elliot. Rose
A. Guillemet, Lillian Anna Heney, Minnie M,
Israel. Kathryn Keenan. Hanstan Kelstrom,
Cecelia Cyril Lewis, Bertha Catherine Loh
maiin, Sophie Adele Lohmann, Maude A. Mc-
Naughton. Agnes Stevens Macdonald, Mabel
Mitchell. Daniel Monroe Jr.. Emil Albert Mul
haupt, Eda Maud Remmers, Lillle N. Rock,
Lottie Pearl Rouse," Eda Sattui,* Margaret A.
Thompson. Amelia L... Tschlrch, Alice Mar
garet Walton. ... . ; ; . . , .
Those who received diplomas were:
Song, "Summer" (Chaminade), Elsie J.Bur
rington; Napolltana Caprice for two pianos
(Lack), Emma F.Owens, Kate Dunker; ad
dress, Hon. Eugene E. Schmitz; song, "I Love
You. Dear, and Only You" (The Burgomaster),
Anna M. McLea; presentation of diplomas;
piccolo fantasia for two pianos (Braham), Miss
Barnum, . Mrs. Cruikshank.
The stage was prettily decorated and
the white dresses of the graduating class
added to -the picturesque effect. The fol
lowing programme was rendered: V
., The Cogswell Polytechnic- College at
Twenty-sixth and Folsora streets held its
1902 graduating exercises last night. The
auditorium was crowded with the pa
rents and friends of the graduating class.
Graduating Exercises.
Cogswell Polytechnic College Holds
STUDENTS RECEIVE DIPLOMAS
Tenney Makes a Home Hun Over
the Boston Bight Field
Fence.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
EOSTON. May 29.— Boston won from New
York to-day. After Ltish had forced Courtney,
the second man out. Tenney made a bom*- run
over right field fence, tying the score. Demont
hit for two bases and scored on Cooley's single.
Attendance'. 300. Score: ¦
Boston 5 9 2
New York ....4 VI 2
Fatterles— Malarkey and Moran; Sparks and
Iiowtrman. Umpire — Emslle. • .
BROOKLYN, May 29.^-Drooklyn defeated
Philadelphia to-day eight to nothing. It was
a tattle of pitchers. In only one Inning, the
sixth was there any free hitting, when Brook
lyn made three runs. Attendance, 2000. Score:
R. H. E-
Philadelphia 0 3 2
Brooklyn 8 ** ' *
Batteries — Felix and Dooin: Newton and
Anern. Umpire — Cantillon.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
VASHINGTON. May 20. — Washington
slaughtered both Cleveland pitchers to-day. At
tendance. 2800. Score: . .• •
R. II. Xj.
Washington 18 21 1
Cleveland * » 2
Batteries — Orth and Clarke: Strelt. Lund
bort and Bemls.
PHILADELPHIA. May 20.— Timely hitting
won the game for the home team from Detroit
to-day. The fielding of both team3 was good
and the pitching of Wiltse was first class. At
tendance. 170O. Score:
It. II. r*.
Detroit * ' & f
Philadelphia « " 3
Batteries— Teaser and McGuire; Wiltse and
Powers. '•'.. ¦' \
BALTIMORE, May 29.— The Baltimore
American League club defeated the Chicago
team in the Ia3t game of the series here this
afternoon. McGinnity'a one bad inning made
the finish exciting. Attendance. 2000. Score:
K. H. E.
Baltimore £' * ;
Chicago • 5 IS
Batteries— McGlnnlty and Robinson; Platt
and McFarland. . -.
BOSTON May 29. — Boston was again a win
ne- to-day, the score being the same as that
of yesterday, Dineen kept the hits well scat
tered while Donahue wa» pounded hard when
hits mcart runs. Attendance, 2100. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston • * iS 1
St. Lcui3 z 1U *
Batteries — Dineen and "Ware: Donahue and
SugtJen. -wesxerjj LEAGUE.
DFNVER May 29. — Denver 5. Milwaukee 2.
OMAHA May 29. — Omaha a. Des Moines O.
KANSAS CITT, May 29.— Kansas City 4. 3t:
J °COLORADO SPRINGS. May 29.— Peorla-CoL
orado Springs game was postponed owing to
rain.
"WASHINGTON" SLAUGHTERS
TWO CLEVELAND PITCHERS
By a vote of three to one in committee
to-night the bill introduced by Council
man Bishop at ,the Mayor's request, to
place a practically prohibitive license of
$1200 a year on professional boxing con
tests, was killed.
When, the measure was read before the
ordinance and judiciary committee this
evening, a lively discussion was provoked.
Councilman Boyer objected to the bill,
claiming that it would hurt the West
Oakland Athletic Club and the Reliance
Athletic Club although aimed at the Acme
Club.
Bishop replied that the amateurs would
•only have to pay $100 a year, and that :t
could not injure those clubs.
'Wlxson discoursed about "somebody in
the front room," referring to the Mayor's
office, as being responsible for the pro
posed ordinance. .
Fitzgerald thought it had not been in
troduced In good faith. .-."'.
"The ordinance proposes to stop prize
fighting in Oakland," declared Council
man Wallace, "and it is a good measure."
Again Wixson ' asked : "Who originated
this bill?"
\'It doesn't make any' difference about
that," replied Bishop. •
"I move we recommend its- indefinite
postponement," said Wixson. The vote
was: Ayes— Courtney, Fitzgerald, Wixson;
no. Bishop; absent, Bon.
"That kills it," remarked BisTiop.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 29.
For eight years the Rev. Mr. Brown's
home had been at Palo Alto. His family
is prominently identified with Stanford
University. He attended the commence
ment* exercises yesterday, among the
graduates being a daughter, Miss Har
riet Brown. Then he went to San Fran
cisco, where he had been under treatment
for eye trouble. He is supposed to have
been on the way to Oakland to visit the
Rev. Thomas Fraser, a friend, residing
at 916 Myrtle street, when he died.
"The deceased was born seventy years
ago in New York. He was a graduate of
Yale '55. He served in the pulpit in New
York for many years, going to' Palo Alto
eight years ago. The surviving family ia
composed of a wife, Mrs. Martha CoJt
Brown, and eight children who are Mhs
Harriet Brown, Miss Elizabeth Brown, a
Stanford student; Miss Gertrude Brown,
a kindergarten teacher at Palo Alto; Mr3.
Louise Nash, wife of H. C. Nash, libra
rian at Stanford; Miss Zaidee Brown, a
Stanford graduate now at the New York
State library school at Albany, N. Y.;
Professor B. C. Brown, who resigned two
months ago from the department of
painting and drawing at Stanford, an.l
Edmund F. Brown, a principal of a public
school "at St. Louis, Mo. There are aiso
two sisters residing at Burdette, N. Y.
¦ The deceased minister was the author of
two works, "Life of Society" • and "Ser
mons on the Divine Indwelling." An in
quest will be held to-morrow night. The
funeral arrangements have not been
made. . ,
The Rev. E. Woodward Brown of Palo
Alto, a retired Presbyterian minister, and
former associate editor of the Occident,
dropped dead to-day on the 12 ¦ o'clock
broad-gauge -ferry from San Francisco.
The body was taken to the morgue, where
it was Identified this evening by O. H.
Elliott, registrar of Stanford -University,
a son-in-law of the deceased clergyman.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 29.
Governor Dole departs for Honolulu
Saturday on the steamer Alameda. Mr.
and Mrs. Alexander Young will go on the
same vessel to Honolulu to attend the
wedding of their son. Archibald A, Young,
and Miss Maud Gillet, which is to be
celebrated on June 18.
The guests were Governor S. B. .Dole,
S. T. Alexander, E. M. Walsh, Hugh
Craig, Theodore F. Dredge, F. M. Smith,
F. C. Havens, Charles H. King, Dr.
Joseph Lewis Howard. Orestes Pierce, E.
J. Cotton, Charles Webb Howard, W. G.
Pahnanteer. H. P. Baldwin, W. T. Veitch
and J. L". -Howard. r ~-
Dinner began at 7 o'clock and It was
nearly midnight when the festivities
ended.
The table decorations were of red roses
and maidenhair fern. The name carda
were In the form of the native fans of
Hawaii and were trimmed through with
red ribbons.
Governor Sanford B. Dole of the Ter
ritory of Hawaii was the guest at a din
ner given in his honor this evening by
Alexander Young at the Young home, on
Vernon Heights. Covers were laid for
seventeen gentlemen. They included sev
eral boyhood rriends of Governor Dole
and others with whom he has been as
sociated in a business or diplomatic
way for many years. Mr. Young, the
host, was Minister of the Interior in tn-j
cabinet of Mr. .Dole when he was Presi
dent of Hawaii.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 29.
bunkoed. It was so cold and clammy that
the debonair dentist's blonde mustache is
out of curl. His spring overcoat is wilt
ed. His Dunlap doesn't fit. and every
where he turns he meets a hard, coarse
laugh.
It was a bitter pill for the doctor. He's
known in at least two cities as a good fel
low who has had his eyeteeth cut. But
an Algernon with the latest slang from
Hyde Park and Rotten Row won his gold.
It was awfully easy, don't cher know.
Now the dentist, strange to say," doesn't
feel a bit revengeful. Of course, he poured
his vials, not of wrath, but of deep dis
tress, into the cars of Chief of Police
Hodgrkins and Assistant District Attorney
Samuels. But that is only a matter if
form.
When a clever chap drops into town,
carrying an aristocratic air and a really
charming English accent, less experienced
men of the world than Jack Dunn are
apt to be caught. Algernon rushed mat
ters so rapidly that two weeks' acquaint
ance with the dental operator paved the
way for the gentle "toucn."
Well, Algernon has disappeared, and it
is now a matter for police investigation.
Among Jack Dunn's friends the story is
being quietly circulated that he Intends to
go on a farm and gather a little expe
rience.
"No funds," and Jack Dunn had been
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 23.
"I say. olfl man, just cash this little
matter of fifty pounds for me," said Al
gernon Moffatt of London. England.
"With pleasure. Don't you want some
more?" was Dentist Jack Dunn"s genial
response as he passed out the glittering
eagles to his newly found friend from
over the seas.
This dialogue occurred a couple of
weeks ago. To-day the check came back.
LILY DURKEE, aged 21.
NELLIE DURKEE, aged 18.
Besides thosa drowned there were in the
boat Mrs. Jones, Mrs. E. C. Martin and
Ella Martin. The party had been visit
ing friends, and on the return home a
heavy wind sprang up. The boat. b*lnj?
heavily loaded, commenced to take
water and Anally capsized.
Herbert Martin succeeded in saving
his mother, one sister and Mrs. Jones.
After taking them to shore he swam
back to save the remainder of the party,
but became exhausted and was drowned
with the three others.
PORTLAND, Or., May 2£>.— Word
reached here to-day that four people
were drowned last night by the capsizing
of a rowboat In the Columbia River near
Martins Bluff, twelve 'miles above Ka
lazna. The drowned are:
HERBERT MARTIN', aged 24.
IVY MARTIN, aged IS.
Ordinanca ~ Provokes Warm
Discussion^Among tha
• Legislators.
Remains Are Taken to Oak
land Morgue, Where They
Are Identified.
Four Lives Lost in Boating
Disaster on the Co
;^v lumbia.
Friends Greet Chief Execu
tive of Sandwich
Islands.
Succumbs to Genial but Slip
pery Stranger From Great
Britain.
Council Committee Votes
Licensing the
Fighters.
Rev. E. W. Brown ot
Palo Alto Expires
on Ferryboat.
tains Governor of
Hawaii.
•
Alexander Young Enter-
Young Man Is Drowned
While Attempting to
Save Othera
Fifty Pounds the Cost of
a Newly Made
Friendship:
KILLS MEASURE
TO TAX CLUBS
AGED MINISTER
DIES SUDDENLY
DEATH STO PS
HIS HEROISM
DENTIST DUNN
IS BADLY DONE
GOVERNOR DOLE
GUEST OF HONOR
THE SAX FRA1S CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 30, 1902;.
Members Numbering One. Hundred- vand
Seventy Partake of Third Annual Breafc
1 fast and Clever Toasts Enliven Function
CORONA CLUB CLOSES
SEASON OF FESTIVITY
9
[RANI'S SUPERIOR ATLAS. ;
A cnr-lond *f Call Superior
Atlases lias arrived and they
are now ready for distribu-
tion. All , subscribers to The
Call are entitled to n copy of
tills srreat boolc at the preih-
tum rale!" of $1 BO. . Oat of
town ¦ subscribers . desiring a
copy of this BjilendlU prem-
ium tv 11 1 l>'e supplied on re-
ceipt* oi *1 50. All m »u
orders will be shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's' expense.Receive Their Legacies.
• Ray Clark and Fred Reed, who plead
ed guilty : to "burglary for breaking into
the rooms of Mrs. Julius Kruttschnitt at
the Hotel Richelieu and stealing about
$1200 worth of jewelry, appeared for sen
tence before Judge Cook yesterday.
Clark was sent to Folsom penitentiary
for four years and -Reed- to San Quentin
for a similar term. Decision on the mo
tion - for a new t^ial In the case of
Charles Vandeleare was continued till
to-morrow. *j, ¦ -
Sentenced for Burglary.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president University
of California; A. B. Forbes, of Mutual Life of
New York; William F. Nichols, Bishop of Cali
fornia; William W. Morrow, United States
Circuit Judge: Rolla V. Watt, manager Royal
Insurance Company; David Starr Jordan, presi
dent Stanford University: E. E. Schmltz,
Mayor of San Francisco; William H. Crocker,
president Crocker- Wool worth National Bank;
Irving M. Scott, of Union Iron Works; I. J.
Truman, president Columbian Bank: Robert
Balfour, of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.; C. S.
Holmes, of Renton-Holmes Lumber Company:
Edward Coleman, . capitalist; C. B. Perkins.
City Treasurer's office; Cyrus S. Wright, of
Nathaniel Gray & Co.; A. S. Johnson, of John
son Bros.; C. A. . ¦ Maydwell, manufacturers'
agent; Hartland Law, of Vlavi Company:
Charles R. Bishop, vice president Bank of Cali
fornia; W.'B. Hooper, proprietor Occidental
Hotel ; Henry .Payot, of Payot, Upham & Co. :
Charles Holbrook, of Holbrook, Merrill & Stet
son; W. F.": Whittler, of Whittler, Coburn &
Co. ; Charles • Webb Howard, president Spring
Valley. Water Company; Claus Spreckels, of
Spreckels- & Co.; John F. Merrill, of Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson; H. Wadsworth, of Wells-
Fargo Bank; A. W.Scott, of Scott & Magner;
W. P. Redlngton, of Redlngton & Co.; Homer
S. King, of . Wells-Fargro Bank; J. H. Neff,
Lieutenant Governor of California; F. W. Dohr
mann, of- Nathan; - Dohrmann & Co. ; Robert
Bruce, of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
The business men of the community are
most energetic in their work to make the
new venture a complete success and the
following prominent business men and
capitalists have indorsed the good work
and will do all in their power to help the
well-known organization along:
The building: committee of the Young
Men's Christian Association met yester
day afternoon at the Crocker-Woolworth
Bank and reported having received $2700
more toward the building fund. The fund
is rapidly increasing and the committee
In charge is sparing no efforts to make it
a financial success. Many prominent cap
italists have promised handsome donations
and the prospects for enlarging the pres
ent institution are extremely bright.
Young- Hen's Christian Asso
ciation in Good "Work.
Prominent Business I Men Will Aid
BUILDING FUND IS
RAPIDLY INCREASING
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 29— Stmr La Sa
vole, for Bremen. ! '•'.:•' .
CHERBOURG — Arrived May 29/ — Stmv
Fuerst Bismarck, " from Hamburg. \
Sailed May 29 — Slmr Barbarossa, from Brem
en, for Mew York. '
LONDON— Arrived May 29— Stmr Nicarla.
from Taroma, San Francisco, Guatemala,' etc,
for Hamburr.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 29— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston. I
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 29— Stmr Ger
manic, for New York, from Liverpool; stmr
Noordland, for Philadelphia, from Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 29— Stmr Au
gunte Victoria, from New York, for Hamburg,
and rroceerled. " ¦¦':•-.
. BOULOGNE— Sailed May 29 — fifmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam, for' New York.
land Brothers, from Oregon, via. San Fran
cisco:C-."
SIN,GAPORE — Sailed May ' 20— Br stmi
Chlnir Wo, for ".London. - : . . : < . ¦ - . /¦
SHIMONOSEKI— galled May 2fr— Br stmr
Moyune,* for" Seattle. w
Arrived May 13— Br stmr Indravelli, from
Oreeon:*- ¦'"¦> \ ' '.. ' . v
FLUSHING— Passed May 27— Fr bark Bour
baki." from" "Antwerp; for San Francisco.
, HAMBURG— Arrived May 28— Br ship Riy
ersdale, from Oregon. ' .
S HONGKONG — Arrived prior to May 28 — Br
Btmr Empress, of China, from -Vancouver.
. CAPE TOWN— Sailed May 11— Br ship An
serona, for ' . .*
VICTORIA— Arrived - May 28— Stmr City of
Puebla. hence May 20; Br ship Ellen A Read,
from Honolulu. = • v •
TO SAIL.
JCOTE — In the above exposition of the tldca
the tarly morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day., except when there are but three tides, an
sometimes occurs. The heights given ar* In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Wheat Clearances.
The French bark Saint Roeatlen was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 4S.314
ctls wheat, valued at • $55,500. and 20,000 ft
lumber es dunnage, valued at $300. .
The French bark . Francois was also cleared
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United- States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to -San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE — Th« high and low waters ' occur at
the city front (MIsslon-stree* wharf) about
t*ronty-fivo minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. MAY 30.
The BritlFh s-hjp Kllen A. Reed, now at
Blakeley. will load lumber there for Cork,
United Kingdom, at 75s: chartered in England,
prior to arrival.
The barkentine Wrestler will load lumber at
Gamble for Launceston and the ship George
Curtis general cargo here for Honolulu.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The rate of reinsurance- en the French bark,
Charlemagne was yesterday advanced from 40
per cent to r>0 i>er cent. The H. F. Glade re
mai.r!F «t 9H per cent and local speculation ou
her chance of rale arrival Is still active.
Reinsurance Bates.
A cablegram received yesterday at the ller
chaTrtE 1 Exchange «ays that the ship John A.
Briggs has put into Auckland leaking.' The
Bricgs is owned "Tiere and is commanded by
Captain Fullerton. She is bound here from
Newcastle, Australia, loaded with coal.
John A. Briggs Leaking.
A Smart Passage.
The Atncric8n Fhip Abner Coburn, which left
Cape Town for New York fifty-five days ago,
was reported yesterday off Fire Island. •
Tli" British ship Wavcntrce, which (sailed
yertcHtoy for Port Elizabeth, was delayed for
rrv<>ral fcoure by th<> fouling of her anchor
t-hain. The tnjrboat that was taking her to sea
hrifl the Fhip off Saufolito while the crew clear
ed the tangle.
Belayed by Foul Anchor.
. ¦ - . FROM SEATTLE.
The baikentine Planter and the German bark
Paul Isenberg arrived yesterday from Honolulu.
Th«> Planter wa» twenty-nine days making the
trip The Jwnbens citnf up in twenty days.
Captain iVIehert of the Isenberg was chief of
flcr of the bark the last time she was Ip this
T"rt. '
In From Honolulu.
Thr race between the British ships Mont
pomrryshire and Lydgate, which started on
WwlTnUday and will finish at Queenstown some
TOnTMhs frnm now. has attracted considerable
attention among the British captains in port.
There haf= been some lively betting on the re
«vilt and the Montgomeryshire seems to be the
favorite.
The Limejuicer Kace.
The new oil-burning schooner Albion River
at rived yesterdsy from Albion River,- having
competed her first round trip in good time and
with satisfaction to her owners. Swayne &
Hoyt. Chier Engineer Ryan, who h,as had no
previous rxp«»ri«icc with oil and was. if any
tr.'.rjr prejudiced against the new fuel, is as
completely converted to the new order of thlnjts
ss im Oajrtain Matson. The Albion Ri\ers
maiden voyage -was also her trial trip.
Oil-Burner a Success.
p»y—^ HE Kosmcs liner Hathor arrived
|l yesterday from Hamburg and
if about thirty other ports with 350
Jt tons of cargo and ten passengers.
After discharging her freight at
Lcmbard-strect wharf she will proceed tc
Seattle and there load cargo for Ham
lurg. She will return here to complete
cargo before starting on her return voy
age. The fact that the Hathor brought
only 230 tons of cargo for this port is no
indication of the amount of freight she
hns handled since leaving Germany. She
has touched at nearly thirty ports and
has been loading and discharging ever
since she sailed, handling in the aggre
p?te "merchandise many times her own
v. right. In the Straits of Magellan the
officers had on broad a number of natives
with whom they engaged in trading on a
email scale. One of the officers exchanged
¦q old ccat for a dog. The native got
the better of the bargain. He has a coat
that will serve him for many moons. The
dog died through its inability to assim
ilate the cooking: of the fatherland. Be
fore reaching the straits the Hathor
called at Genoa. Cadiz and Teneriffe.
Among the passengers were Oscar Alex.
Julio Berthrt and Anton Mare and wife.
LONDON — Arrived May 20— Ger stmr Nlcar
ia, hence Feb 1. • .
VICTORIA. B S — Sailed May 28r-Br stmr
Glenocle. for Tacoma; stmr Tees,' for west
coast; stmr Umatilla. for San Francisco.'
Arrived May 29 — Stmr Aztec, from Port Los
Angeles, for Nanaimo; stmr Queen , City, from
Vancouver. - - ...
GUAYMAS — Arrived May 20— Schr Fearless,,
from Falrhaven. - ;¦'-;¦¦
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived May j 28-rScIir
Robprt R Hind, from Noumea. :.'•
ACAPU1>;O— Sailed May 28 — Chll stmr Pa
lcna, for - San 'Franciaco. . ¦ . ...
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived ! May- 28 — Br ship
Boadicea, from Seattle; Br, ship .Greta, from
Fraser River: ship Kenllworth, from Tacoma.'.
Sailed May 28— Br ship Leyland Brothers,
for Cardiff. •
CARDIFF— Arrived May 29— Br ship Ley-
FOREIGN PORTS
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 29— Schr
Samar, from. Valparaiso; U S stmr Dlx, from
Manila. • • • ' ¦- ¦ ¦ • \
PasBed in May 29 — Br stmr Caithness. . from
Comox; bark James • Nesmith, hence May 14,
for Tacoma.
- Passed out May 29 — Br stmr Glenocle, for
Yokohama.
Passed in May 29 — U S stmr Dlx, from Ma
nila; for Seattle.- . ¦ • • *
COOS BAY— Sailed May 29— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco. - . : • -. . ¦ • .
' FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 29— Stmr 'Co
quille River, for -San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 29 — Br stmr
Caithness, from Comox.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 29 — Stmr City of
Puebla, hence May 26. . •
Sailed May 2a — Stmr Umatllla, for San
Franci3co.
TACOMA— Arrived May 29— Stmr Garonne,
from Seattle.
Sailed May 29— Schr W F Jewett, for San
Pedro. " ,
Arrived May 29 — Bark James Nesmith, hence
May 14.
CASPAR — Arrived May 20 — Stmr . Luella,
hence May 28. •' ¦
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived May 29 —
Stmr Redwood City, hence May '28. ' "
EUHEKA — Arrived May 29 — Schr ' Fortuna,
hence May 21 ; stmr P.renttep, hence May 'ii;
schr J B- Leeds, hence May 23.
' Sailed May a* — Schr O M Kellogg, for Hilo;
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
PORTLAND— Sailed May 29— Ship Shaftes
bury, for Queenstown.
SAN 1 J E1>KO— Arrived May 29— Stmr New
burgr from Grays Harbor, via San Francisco;
echr Ludlow, lrom fort Blakeley. . ¦ y
Sailed May 21) — Schr Maweema, for. Grays
Harbor;- stmr' Noyo, lor San Francisco; stmr
Alcazar, lor San Francisco. , . ¦
Passea out Mav 29 — Schr King Cyrus, for
; tier stmr SeraDls,- for • San Francisco;
stmr Mackinaw, lor fcan Francisco. . \
NEAH BAY— Passed In May 29— U S stmr
Dlx, from .Manila; stmr Aztec, from PortlLos
Angeles, for Nanaimo; bark J D Peters, from
Chtgnik Bay, for Seattle; schr Commerce, • froiti
Valparaiso; ship St Francis, hence May 14, for
Port Angeles. •• - ¦• ¦.•,..
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT LOBOS, May 29, 10 p m — Weather
hazy; *wind NW, velocity 40 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
LONDON. May 29— Ship John A Briggs,
from Newcastle, Aus, for San Francisco; pus
into Auckland leaky.
MISCELLANEOUS.
OIT . Fire Island, May 28, ship Abncr Co
burn, f*x>m Caue Town, for New York. -
Per ship Falls ot Clyde— May 15, bark Mar
tha Davis, from Hllo, for San Francisco,
SAILED.
Thursday, Ma> 29.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. . -
Stmr State of " California, Thomas, San
Dieco.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka.
Stmr Scotia, Erickson, Bear Harbor.
Stmr G S LIndauer, Allen, Grays Harbor. •
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, San Pedro.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, Crescent City. •
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, Greenwood.
Br «hlp Wavertree. Petersen. Port Elizabeth.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, Honolulu.
Bark Gatherer, Younggren, Tacoma.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Sluslaw
River. • ¦
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Coquille River.
Schr J M Weatherwax. Backman, Tacoma.
SPOKEN. .
Thursday. May 29.
Fr bark Saint ' Rogatin, Arneaud, Queens
town; Girvln & Eyre.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, Lady smith; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Fr bark Francois, Arnantlgon, Queenstown !
L Kauffman. ¦ -
Bark Gerard C Tobey, Gove, Honolulu:
Welch & Co.
Stmr Washtenaw, Harding, Astoria; Sagi
naw Steel SS Co.
CLEARED,
¦ . Thursday, May 29. j
Stmr Xavarro, ¦ Devltt. 31 hours from Trini
dad.
Stmr Scotia, ¦ Erickson, 63 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Albion River, Jacobs, 13 hours from
Albion. • < \
Stmr Point j Arena, Hansen, . 15 hours from
Mendoclno. . . . >
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen, 14 hours from
Greenwood; bound to San Pedro; put in to
land 2assencers. ,
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 47^ hours from
Portland, via Astoria 40 \i hours.
Stmr Santa Kcsa, Alexander, 43 hours front
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 22 hours from Monte
rey. •
Stmr Cella, Hcgan, 12 hours from Fisher
mans , Bay. \
Ger stmr Hathor. Peterson, 102 days from
Hamburg and way ports.
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, 19 days from
Hilo. .
Br ship Albyn, Williams, 91 days from New
castle, Aus.'
Ger bark Paul Isenberg, Wlchert, 20 days
from Honolulu. ¦ . >, •- •• ,
Bktn Planter, Chase, 29 days from Honolulu.
Schr Czarina, Wallstedt. days from
Sanak.
Schr . He'ene, : Christiansen, 27 days from
Honolulu. . . • . . ¦
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. ? ¦ ¦¦ • y
Schr Newark, Nielsen, 11 hours from Stew
arts Point. ¦ • ¦ • -
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e.. at "noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, XJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francieco, Cal..
May 20. 1602.
Const Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
th« charts. . The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
yesterday for Queenstown, with C6,n5 ctls
wheat, valued at $70,800, and 10,500 ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at (160.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The bark S. C. Allen sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with a general merchandise . cargo
valued at $30,758. The . principal shipments
were as follows:
13,033 lbs beans. 10,047 lbs bread, 575 ctls
bran, 750 cs canned goods, 29,236 lbs middlings;
S00 bales hay. 1300 bbls flour. 1548 ctls rolled
barley. 141 ctls wheat, 10,500 lbs salt, 11,882
lbs lard, 100 bbls salmon, CO cs sauce, 5.1 cs
salad oil, 25 cs soap, 2400 gals vinegar, 400 lbs
tobacco. 1755 §rals wine. 7404 ft lumber. 2320
posts, 11S0 bdls shingles, 5 pkgs millwork. 128
prs \e4ieels. 105 bdls washers, 21 pcs stone,
834 pcs pipe, 50 tins matches. 6 bales oakum,
27 pkgs hardware, 22 pkgs furniture, 6 cs dry
goods, IS horses, 22 mules and 1 cow.
Movements of Steamers.
TWO FAST BRITISH SHIPS THAT ARE RACING FOR QUEENSTOWN ON A
WAGER. BOTH VESSELS SAILED FROM THIS PORT WEDNESDAY,
AND CONSIDERABLE MONEY IS BEING WAGERED ON THE RESULT.
KOSMOS STEAMSHIP HATHOR ARRIVES AT THIS PORT
WITH AN EXCEEDINGLY LIGHT CARGO FR0M HAMBURG
T&3 SAN_ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, (MAY 30, 1902. v
TO ARRIVE.
Eleven legatees under the will of the
late Adolph Sutro received • orders from
Judge Coffey yesterday directing the ex
ecutors of the capitalist's estate to deliver
to them the. amounts left them by Sutro.
Their claims against the estate amount
to $240,000. . ....
10
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
May 30. | j
Arcata Coos Bay & PL Orfd 3 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay.. aa n pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier U
May 31.
Lakme.... Astoria & Portland. 12 m Pier 2
Argo Kal River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Sequela. ... Grays- Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
PC Arena., point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Alamed?.. .. Honolulu 2 pmiPler 7
Qutcc Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Julie 1.
Alliance... p or tiand & Way... 3 pm Pier 16
North Forte Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Pomona.... Huxnboldt |l:30pPler 9
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way., a am Pier 11
Jane 2.
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 amjPier 24
June 3. I .
Phoenix Mendocino City 3 pm Pk-r 13
Eureka. . . . Husiboldt 8 am Pier 13
S. Monica.. Humboldt ft pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Che halls... Grays Harbor 12. m Pier 2
St Paul... Nome & Ft Michael 2 pm Pier 34
Jane S. ¦
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am fier a
Jane O. S»
Amer. Man- China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Serapls.... Hambg & Way Pts Pier —
June 7. .
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Pleiades... N. Y. via Panama. Pier —
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Palena [Valparaiso & Way. 12, m Pier 10
Curacao... 'Mexican Polls 10 am Pier 11
Jane ». ¦
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Citv Eydnej Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Jnne 1O.
City Pucbla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Jane 11, ?• . • . •
Ramona. . . Newport & Way Pts jf am Pier 11
Cottage City. Ekajrway & Way Ports-IMay 30
Senator Nome June 1
Garrone Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Humboldt.... Skajfway & Way Ports. June 3
Ohio Nome &• St. Michael June 3
C. of Seattle. Skagway* & Way Ports. June 4
C. of Topeka., Ska g way & Way Ports. June 4
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June S
Oregon Nome June E
Chico.'. Hope City & Way Pts.. June J
T^yra.... Nome & Bt. Michael.... June !(
Chas. Nelson. Oolofnln iliy direct June i
Valencia. : . . • Nome June 'i
Bertha ....... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports June ' ¦;
Indiana... \. . I Nome & St. Michael... June ¦"I
Steamer.
From.
Doe.
M. Dollar. . . . j Redondo May 30
Lakrae San Pedro May 30
Alliance I Portland & Way Ports. May 30
Pomona iHumboldt (May 30
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. May 30
Amer. Maru..| China & Japan May 30
Columbia (Portland & Astoria May 30
Arffo Eel River Ports May 30
Phoenix Mendocino City May 31
Chenalis Grays Harbor May 31
Bonita Newport & Way. Ports. May 31
San Pedro Grays Harbor May 31
South Coast.. Santa Barbara May 31
Pleiades Seattle June 1
Eurtka Humboldt June 1
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 1
American.... New York June 1
Acme .Siuslaw River ....' June 1
Australia T-ihitl , June 1
Uiratilla Pupet Sound Ports ....June 1
Serapis Seattle June 1
Brooklyn Point Arena June 1
S. Mcnlca San Pedro June 2
Xetvburg San Pedro June ' 2
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 2
Palena Valparaiso & Way Ports June 3
Rival I Wlllapa Harbor June 4
Coos Bay c an Pedro & Way Ports June -1
Peking China & Japan June 4
G. W. Elder. • Portland & Astoria .... June 4
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 5
BantaRosa.. San Diego & Wav PortslJune 5
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports [June «
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. JJune 7
NcrthFork.. Humboldt June 7
Argyll New York via Panama. June S
RairJer Whatcora v I June 11
Queen I Puget Sound Ports j June 11
Bun rises
Sun sets
Mooc rises (third qu
m Time Time
p Ft.
£ H W L W
DO 4:40 3.7 11:08
L W H W
31 0:30 2,3 6:13
t 1:20 7.71 7:33
2 2:08 1.0 8:50
3 2:59 0.1 9:55
4 3:50—0.5 10:53
5 4:35— O.fl| 11:45
6 R:25|— 1.2112:37
tarter) .*!
Time ~
Ft. Ft.
H W
1.4 5tl5 6.0
3.7 12:03 1.8
3.9 12:51 2.1
4.0) 1:45P 2.3
4.2{ 2:36 2.5
4.41 3:25 2.6
4.6| 4:15 2.7
4.7| 5:(Hi 2.8|
..4:48
7:23
.0:15 a. m.
Time •
Ft.
l> W . •
H'w "'"
«:51 S.I
7:31 6.3
S:ll 6.0
8:52 B.S
9:.18 0.0
10:21 0.0
111:10 5.0
Bun rises
Sun sets
Mooc rises (third qu
m Time Time
p Ft.
£ H W L W
DO 4:40 3.7 11:08
L W H W
31 0:30 2,3 6:13
t 1:20 7.71 7:33
2 2:08 1.0 8:50
3 2:59 0.1 9:55
4 3:50—0.5 10:53
5 4:35— O.fl| 11:45
6 R:25|— 1.2112:37
tarter) .*!
Time ~
Ft. Ft.
H W
1.4 5tl5 6.0
3.7 12:03 1.8
3.9 12:51 2.1
4.0) 1:45P 2.3
4.2{ 2:36 2.5
4.41 3:25 2.6
4.6| 4:15 2.7
4.7| 5:(Hi 2.8|
..4:48
7:23
.0:15 a. m.
Time •
Ft.
l> W . •
H'w "'"
«:51 S.I
7:31 6.3
S:ll 6.0
8:52 B.S
9:.18 0.0
10:21 0.0
111:10 5.0
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
May 30. | j
Arcata Coos Bay & PL Orfd 3 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay.. aa n pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier U
May 31.
Lakme.... Astoria & Portland. 12 m Pier 2
Argo Kal River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Sequela. ... Grays- Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
PC Arena., point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Alamed?.. .. Honolulu 2 pmiPler 7
Qutcc Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Julie 1.
Alliance... p or tiand & Way... 3 pm Pier 16
North Forte Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Pomona.... Huxnboldt |l:30pPler 9
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way., a am Pier 11
Jane 2.
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 amjPier 24
June 3. I .
Phoenix Mendocino City 3 pm Pk-r 13
Eureka. . . . Husiboldt 8 am Pier 13
S. Monica.. Humboldt ft pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Che halls... Grays Harbor 12. m Pier 2
St Paul... Nome & Ft Michael 2 pm Pier 34
Jane S. ¦
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am fier a
Jane O. S»
Amer. Man- China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Serapls.... Hambg & Way Pts Pier —
June 7. .
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Pleiades... N. Y. via Panama. Pier —
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Palena [Valparaiso & Way. 12, m Pier 10
Curacao... 'Mexican Polls 10 am Pier 11
Jane ». ¦
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Citv Eydnej Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Jnne 1O.
City Pucbla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Jane 11, ?• . • . •
Ramona. . . Newport & Way Pts jf am Pier 11
Cottage City. Ekajrway & Way Ports-IMay 30
Senator Nome June 1
Garrone Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Humboldt.... Skajfway & Way Ports. June 3
Ohio Nome &• St. Michael June 3
C. of Seattle. Skagway* & Way Ports. June 4
C. of Topeka., Ska g way & Way Ports. June 4
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June S
Oregon Nome June E
Chico.'. Hope City & Way Pts.. June J
T^yra.... Nome & Bt. Michael.... June !(
Chas. Nelson. Oolofnln iliy direct June i
Valencia. : . . • Nome June 'i
Bertha ....... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports June ' ¦;
Indiana... \. . I Nome & St. Michael... June ¦"I
Steamer.
From.
Doe.
M. Dollar. . . . j Redondo May 30
Lakrae San Pedro May 30
Alliance I Portland & Way Ports. May 30
Pomona iHumboldt (May 30
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. May 30
Amer. Maru..| China & Japan May 30
Columbia (Portland & Astoria May 30
Arffo Eel River Ports May 30
Phoenix Mendocino City May 31
Chenalis Grays Harbor May 31
Bonita Newport & Way. Ports. May 31
San Pedro Grays Harbor May 31
South Coast.. Santa Barbara May 31
Pleiades Seattle June 1
Eurtka Humboldt June 1
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 1
American.... New York June 1
Acme .Siuslaw River ....' June 1
Australia T-ihitl , June 1
Uiratilla Pupet Sound Ports ....June 1
Serapis Seattle June 1
Brooklyn Point Arena June 1
S. Mcnlca San Pedro June 2
Xetvburg San Pedro June ' 2
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 2
Palena Valparaiso & Way Ports June 3
Rival I Wlllapa Harbor June 4
Coos Bay c an Pedro & Way Ports June -1
Peking China & Japan June 4
G. W. Elder. • Portland & Astoria .... June 4
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 5
BantaRosa.. San Diego & Wav PortslJune 5
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports [June «
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. JJune 7
NcrthFork.. Humboldt June 7
Argyll New York via Panama. June S
RairJer Whatcora v I June 11
Queen I Puget Sound Ports j June 11
STATEMENT
. . ¦ ¦ > \ • • .¦
—OF THE- — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE - >' : ' (
ThuFirigia
INSURANCE CDMPANY
OF ERFURT, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December,- A. D. 1801. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of | the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
C10 and (ill of the Political" Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash '. $450,000 00
.' ' ASSETS. / '. ~
leal Estate owned by Company..- $463,235 00
xtans on Bends and Mortgages..' 8,026,471 90
Cash Market Value of- all Stocks .
and Bonds owned by Company.. 1,858,022 20
Amount, of 'Loans secured', by . ' '
pledge of Bonds, .Stocks . and
other marketable securities' as
collateral 053,299 77
Cash in Company's Office 4,846 01
Cash in Banks*...:.. ........ 3SJ.108 9a
Interest due and accrued on alt •• ¦' "
Stocks and Loans 5S,134 19
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 6,678 61
Premiums In due Course of Col- - • ¦
lection ; 214,798 96
Bills, receivable,, not Matured,
taken for Fire, Marine, Life,.
Accident. Burglary and Plate •
Glass Risks 495.645 82
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid f 129.213 78
Due from Life Insurance Com- :
panies ; . . 221,356 73
Total Assets $12,814,811 09
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid....]
LOKses in process of Adjust- I
ment or in Suspense. ..-......}•• $237,190 00
Losses resisted, including ex- I
penses j ' \
Gross premiums on Fire Risks'!
running one year or less,
$ ; — ; reinsurance 50
percent •....- • 748,337 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$ ; reinsurance pro
rata .- J
Gross premiums on Marine and • ••
'Inland Navigation Risks, -
$ '¦ ; reinsurance 100 •..- ¦«
'percent ' '4,500 16
Gross premiums ' on Marine ! •'
Time Risks. . $ — ' ; ! re- •
•insurance 60 per cent.... .". .: J . ¦.
Liability under other. Branches.. 9,776.220 28
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 235 00
.Pension fund of Company's em-
ployes : . ¦ 120.107 46
All other Liabilities 516,324 26
Total Liabilities .$11,402,914 86
INCOME. . --;¦ ~~
Net cash actually received for • ¦- '*
Fire premiums $1,529,844 73
Net cash , actually received for
Marine premiums 21,825 55
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages : 322,138 47
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources.... 90.8S9 69
Received for premiums of ! other '
Branches 1,677,061 83
Received from all other sources.. 52,601 70
Total Income .'...'.'.. $3,694,061 97
. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses. $812,274 01
Net amount paid for Marine ; .
Losses ....' '. .; .:. ¦" 32.032 13
Dividends to" Stockholders ¦. . •120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission |
or Brokerage . . 553,236 64
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other ¦ :"
charges for officers, clerks, etc. '324,843 41
Paid for . State, ¦ National and . - •
Local taxes ...:.... i 29,274 SO
All other payments and'expendl- ' ¦' ¦ ¦*•:
tures 1,084,729 67
. Total Expenditures .......... $2,956,411 56
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of . Risks . ¦ . .-'. ¦ ..- ' ,.
written during the . - - - . ¦
year $927,2G8,C19 $2,828,406 76~
Net amount, of Risks ¦ -
expired during the ¦ .
year .......... SS4.5S7.627 2.257,793 08
Net amount . in ¦ force ¦ - ¦ - -• • *¦ ¦
, December 31, 1901.. 692,540,670 1,474.457 82
.Risks, and Premiums. IMar. Risks. ' (Premiums.
Net amount .of ' Risks
written during the . ' . •
year .". . . |. $35.054,264| . $45,016 25
Net amount ."of .-Risks! ' .., . _
•^expired during . the ¦ •' ¦ '
year 19,276,408 . 42,545 97
Net amount In." force! . /..-* ¦•-.. '. .¦
. December 31. 1901. . I, 14.021.706 21,823 05
¦ -. ¦ ¦ DR; MAX LUDEWIG. Manager.
. ' •: ¦ CARL SCHUMANN. Secretary.
• Subscribed and sworn • to before me, this 17th
day of April. 1902.*" " "
TIIOS. EWING MOORE, U. S. Consul.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Managers,"!
San Francisco,
£ } PA 2MMI]i£Jj
;:^^II^^~imar1<Cft-5t^sf^^iS^
*m ¦ ¦ -nt* W Beds > Chairs. Stoves,. Etc.
/ ' A 13 /8 D B Tents Ior Rent and for Sale.
I In WB W* .Guns, Rifles, Fishing Tackls
ft JUa llB H and Sporting Goods. Send
\rf IjLl! II 'or Catalogue. SHREVE &
-.... . BARBER CO.. 730 Market
' . -.«t.. and 511 Kearnv at"
DIRECTORY
: OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES^
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
- on Application. ; '
.' ' ; COAL,- COKE ANDPIQ^iRON.
I f Wll SON *'fn oco Ba«ery Street,
¦J* L« TTlLOUW Q[ WU-. Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA^ RflYFS & C ft Shipping Butchers, 101
J A?- BU I C2 tt VTI - clay. Tel. . Main .1294.
¦ ¦¦ - v . : .' ¦ /. L "V '¦, : . ' ¦- oils: ; ; ; . ' ,- . ' ¦ ' *
LUBRICATING OILS. ;LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St., S. . F. 'Phone Main 1719.
- PRINT1NQ.
Pf HIlfiHF'? ' PRINTER.
£. W-; IHJUaCj. , - -511 Sansome st.'.S. F.
'¦'¦ PRINTERS. BOOKBI NJ^ERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.; ' . ',
' 23 First street. "San •Francisco.
XJNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATlEA\piNT
• — -OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
Alliance
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1901, and for. the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of ' the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Pdlltical'Code, condensed
as per blank' furnished by "the Commissioner. ;
CAPITAL.
Capital $25,000,000
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in -
Cash '. . . 2.750,000
. . ASSETS. : ~ '• ¦'
Real Estate. owned by Company.. ..$173,170 87
Cn«h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 698,312 50
Cash In Banks.. .:...... 54,285 35
Interest due and accrued . On all.
Stocks and Loans. .'..... ...... 1,750 00
Premiums in due Course ot Collection 49,084 : 91
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken •
for Fire and Marine Risks 665 00
Rents due and accrued ' 475 00
Total Assets .......... . . . • .$877,643 6J
LIABILITIES. \ •¦¦ .'¦: ¦.
Losces adjusted and unpaid. ....... .. 52,458 90'
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ' 2,483' 71
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 427.94
Grces premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $221,607 08;, ¦ .
reinsurance 50 per cent 110,803 39
Gross premiums^'on Fire Risks run- •"¦.'¦.¦.'"
ning; more than one year, $108,-
97U 03; reinsurance pro rata...... 65,341 56
Commissions and Brokerage due and . .: ' - ¦ '
to become due. 6,340 GS
jt Total Liabilities /.$187.865 78
* INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ffre
premiums $257,653 04
Received for Interest and dividends ,
¦ on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from -
all other cources... ........ V. ..v.'. -22,044 17
Received for Rents ..'.'; 13, 767 5<)
Total Income ................. ..$29^,401 71
EXPENDITURES.; •
Net amount paid • for Fire Losses
(Including $4,452 27, losses of pre-
. vlous years). ........... ..'. $67,99073
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 61,617 31
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other-.-
charges for -of fleers, clerks, etc.... 13,288 24
Paid for State, National and Local •¦ v '
taxes .' ..'. 3,764 99
All other payments and expenditures -^20,463 77-
, Total Expenditures ; . .$167,125. 04
¦ -. ' ¦-¦'"¦, - ' "¦ . ' ••- ¦ •:'¦ Fhe. ¦¦ -.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $68.073 87
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the . - '. ¦ .''¦¦' .-. ¦
year $26,201,390 $337,954 19
Net amount' of. < Risks :.- x ¦ ' ¦ <•- ' ¦ ¦ <
* expired during' the ' '•. >
i year ..........::..-. 22,732,131 279,881 96
Net amount In •' force ,-¦ ¦*¦¦•• -. -i { '-'- r? .'¦
December 31. 1901.. .23.727,108 '330,587 01
¦ SAMU R. WEED (of Weed & Kennedy),
0 ¦• - •:.;,¦•¦¦ Manager.
\ Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 27th
day of 'January, 1902. • - ..'.= ¦. •
GEO. H. COREY, .
¦ Commissioner for California in New York.
Coast Branch .».
O16-418 Calif ornia St.,
" San Francisco,. Cal.'-;'
C. F. MULL1NS, E^T. N1EBLING,
Manager. . Asst. Manager.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS "
OF THE
PHGENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited, j
OP LONDOX. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST ]
day of December, A. D. 1901. and for the
year ending: on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 .
and Cll of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all Stocks . * *
and Bonds owned by Company.. $2,226,078 75
Cash in Company's Office. 75 62
Cash in Banks M 21,629 43
Interest due and accrued on ! all
Stocks and Loans 25,853 75
Cash In hands of U. S. Trustees. 451,992 24
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 133,753 93
Due from other Companies for re- .
- insurance on losses already paid. 12,675'54
Total Assets 52.S97.059 21
LIABILITIES. '"
Losses adjusted and unpaid $110,769 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or .
in Suspense . . I 302.972 90
Losses resisted, including expenses. 16.233 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $2,012,-
S14 93; ¦ reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,006,407 46
Gross premiums on Fir./ Risks run-
ning mere than one year. $ 1,603, -
6C0 37: reinsurance pro rata 829 217 02
All other liabilities 19M10 35
' Total Liabilities $2,460,009 73
INCOME. ¦
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,901,247 SI
Received for interest and dividends *
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources ' 76,123 70
Total Income $2,977,371 81
» EXPENDITURES. . ======
Net amount ' paid for Fire Losses
(Including $454,025 00. losses of
previous years) $1,836.289 62
Paid : or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage ; 509,507 77
Paid for Salaries. Fees and otber
charges for officers, clerk*, etc. 142,221 86
Paid for State, National and Lo-
cal- taxes ........... J. 74.730 23.
AH other payments and expendi-
tures .... 327.904 41
• Total Expenditures .'. . .$2.S90.653 OS
Fire.
Lo«5es incurred during the rear. .$1,950,323 40
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $440,853,755 $4,188,960 06
Net amount of Risks
expired durinsr the
year 1402,781.784 3,537,096 05
Nat amount in, force
December 31.' 1901.1 340.031.09S 3.616.415 30
A. D. IRVING. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
28th day of January. 1902.
- /GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
BUTLER £r~ HEWITT,
'AGENTS,
413 v California Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
TjnTTfi TT 17 C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
KKM^rlliiQ ers. bootblacks, bath-
•** xl ' v/ r'"' a " -Vl ' houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, taJlors, etc
•%*{ UUCriA.^A.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramsnt* St
I mum _**i] Big ft U • non-poboaom
2^^Bmttatfil^*M remedy* for Gonorrhea*.
viH^,,,.,.^8w Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
/BQgJT CURES Whites, nnnatnral dis-
/S3Srin 1 to & day*. 18 charges, or any inflammi.
BSoa Gitrtattti t» *¦ tion. Irritation or ulcera-
fiZa p n ,,,i eoaiuiap * *ion of. mucous aem-
C?S I !, « branea. Non-aitrln«ent.
»SlTH£Ev*H3 ChEMICAICO. Sold by Drneui Zu,
lfi^CIHCIHN»Tl.O.|^| or 8ent , a pUln wrapper.
XSZSlkk. r. 8. A. >Sia by express . prepaid, for
*®k»l«#fl 11.00. or 3 bottle.. »2.75.
Circular sent oa request.
RAILWAY TBAVEIfc;
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD. "
Vin. Sausallto Ferry*
Commencing April ' 27. 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. » .
WEEK DAYS— 6:iO, *7:45, t>:45. 0:30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20. *1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 6:15,. tilS,
(S:45, 9:45, 11:45 v. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
tun to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, ••9:00. •10:00, 11:00.
11:30 a. m.. 12:30, *l:3o, 2:30. *3:45. 5:00. 6:00,
7;30. l»:45. 11:45 p.. m. . "
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20, »6:20. 7:40. 8:15. »9:30,
V11:CO a, m.. 12:25, 2:15, •3:30, 4:40, 5:30, 6:45,
>0:lS p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:00, ?8:00. 0:30. •11:00 a. m .
•12:00 m.. 1:00, 2:15, M^O. 4:15, »5:45,- 6:45,
7:30, 10:15 p. m. ;
Trains marked C*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 5:40, 6:40, 7:45. 8:25. 9:43.
11:10 a. m., 12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:10. 5:20, 7:10,
10:15 i>. m.' -
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:65, ia:05, 11:10 a. m..
12:15, 1:20. 2:30, 3:45, 6:00, 6:05, 7:15, 10:4U
P " m * THROUGH TRAINS.
. 7:15 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. nit"!?' '
5V-15 o. ; rn. Saturdays— Cazadero and • way
stations.
e 6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays, excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. * - '
'8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. ¦ ,
' 10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. • , - ,¦
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. ¦
PL. CT1 11
ruiiuw
the
AND YOU DO NOT PAY *
EXOESSFARE
TO NEW- YORK CITY.
Ask Agents for Particulars.
WabashLine
They have the finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New York points.'
C. 8. CRANE, G. P. & T. Ajt. 8t. Louis. Mo
ie R OSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. A.. LoV Ang^l
TWENTIETH CEKTUBY COOK BOOKS
. A car-load of Cook' Books
lias jumt nrrived from Chicago
and tbey are ready, for distri-
bution nt tbe business oflS.-e
of tbls paper. All Call •ub-
¦crlbcrs are entitled to a copy
of this great Cook Book nt
the premium price of titty
cents.
-- An additional charsre of 2(» ¦
! cents to pay expreuase. •»rlll
be required from oat of town
subscribers ordering by mall.
¦ ' t' fc
.V ' * APVEBTISEMENT& ./ "_ j
:;<a^p> -.;. • Perfect
Beer is not of age until it has
been "on lager" for at least four
to six months. A capacity to
continually store 375,000 bar-
rels provides ajmple facilities
to properly age all brews of
Anheuser-Buseh Brewing Ass n
. „ St. Louis. U. S. A.
'Brewers ef the famous Budweiser, Michelob, Black d Tan, Fmust,
Pale-Lager. Anheuser*Standard. Export' Palo and E.xqulsit«.
, All orders promptly filled by . ' .
E. G. LYONS & BAAS CO.*, Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.
RAXXWAY TRAVEL, i
southern' paci Fib
YMala Line. Foot «f Market Stret.) £ -iy^,
¦5IrT~^~ r»o* Apr.ii.lo7i903. - a»»it» . f
~7.C0a Benlcia. Sulsun, Elmira »nd Sacr*-
ment-j S-ff*
7.00a Vacavllle. Winters. Ramsey........ 7.55*
7.30a Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo.
X»pa. C«llstog». Santa Bog«.. . . . . 6 25F
8.00a DaTis,Woodlana. Knight* Landins.
Marjjville. OroylUe vy;- HI'
8.00a Atlantic Kxpres»— Ozden and East. 8^5*
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton........... 7-2or
8.00a Jllles. Mendota, HaDford, VliaUa,
¦^ Porterville '¦• « 5 5 p
8.30a Sfcaata Express — Dart*. ¦William*
(for B«rtlett Springs). Willow*.
Red Bluff. Portland 7.6W
8-30a San Jo»e. LlTcrmore. Stockton,
lone. Sacraaento. Pl^cerrllle,
MarysTille. Chic«. Red Bluff *-2«j*
8.30a Oakdale,Chlnese.Sonora,Tuoluinae
9.00a VaUeJo-..*. 12.25F
9.00a Lou Angeles Express — Martinej,
Tracy. Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
Kaymond.Kreano and Los Aneelea 8 25*
9.30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.55*
HO. 00* Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. t12-68F
10.00a Tbe Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver, Omaba, Chicago. 525f
11 -OOP Sacramento River Steamer* W t-CO*
S-OOp Benicla, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Mary»vllle. OroTllle 10.55a
3.30p Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-65*
4. 00? Martlnez,Sau Ramon. VulleJo.Napa.
CalUtojja. Santa Rosa .- 9.25a
4.00p Xlles, Llrerinore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.2SP
4 30p Hay w»rd,Xllei,SanJo*e.Llverinore t8-55».
4.30F The Owl Limited— Fremo. Tulare,
Bakersfield. Sangn* for 8anta
Barbara, Los Angele*. 8.55a
6.00p PortCo4t%,Tr*cr,Lathrop,8tocktoa 1025a
BOOp Martinez, Antioca. Stockton. Mer- „
red, Kaymond, Fresno 12-25P
tS.SOi- Xlle* Local 2?| A
8.00P Hay ward, Nile* and San Jo»e .?-65a St.
«.00p Vallejo- ., •-. 112Sa V
6.00F Orient»l Mali— Ogden. Denver, f
Omaba. St. Loui*. Cnlcago 4 2Sr ;
7.00F San Pablo, Port Costa. Martlnea
and Waj Stttton* 1 l-?5*
:7.00p Vallejo 765*
S.05P Oregon & California Expre**— Sac-
ramento. Mary.Tille. Redding.
• Portland, Pnget Sound and Eaat. .3-55a .
tS.IQy Hayward and >Ue« tT1.55A
COAST LINE Ourrow Gauge). '
(Foot of Marvel Street.)
"}7.45a .Santa Cmz Excursion tfl.OSr
8.15a Newark, CenterTllle. San Jo»e.
' Felton, Boulder Creek, Banta ;
Cruz and Way Station* 5 50»
t2-15r STewark. Centerrllle. San Jo*«.
' New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Crua and Principal
Way Station*..... 10.50a
4.1 5p Newark, San Joie, Lo» Gato* t8 -fS A
M.15r San Jose. Los Gatos. Santa Cruz... c8 50 f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN IRAN CISCO, Toot of Market St. (Sll»8>
— t7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 6.15 *¦*•
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +«:00 i3:»
t3:0o 13:00 A JI. 12-00 2-00 4-00 T.X.
COAST LINE (Broad Gangej.
(Third and Townsend Street*.) ;
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations......... 8.40a
t7 00 a Saa Jose and Way button*... .. ... t8-0OA /*
7.00a New Almaden /4.10» '
J7.15* Monterey Excursion J3 30*
' 8.00a Coast - Line Limited — Ban Jose.
GUroy, Sallnaa, San Lul* Oblspo, • ¦
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 1O.*3t
9.00a San Jose, Tres Finos. Santa Crnz.
Pacific Grave, Salinas, San Lnl*
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.1(3* <
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 833a
1 1 .30a San Joae and Way Stations 9.48a
a1.30f San Jose and Way Station* a7-C0»
t2.45r San Mateo. Sedwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, Saa Jose. Tre* ...
\ Finos, Santa Crnz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Paciflo
Grove t10.4«A
\5.30> 8»n Jose, Del Monte, PacISc Grove, 1
Santa Crnz and Way Stations.... 7.30», "^L
t4.15P San Jose aad PrlncipalWaySUtlon* 6.3fl» -T
t5.0UP S»n Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations tSOOa
6.30p SanJose aad Principal Way Station* 6.307
8.30p San Jose and Way Stations. . 7.30*
7.00p New Orleans Express — San Lnl* .
Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Lo» An-
reles, Demlng, El Paso, Xew
Orleans and East ;•• 1040a;
•11.4Sr San Jose and Way Stations
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
• Saturday only. e Monday only.
» Saturday and . /Tuesday aad rrMa> ...
Buadmr «nlr.
ClUFOflfllA NORTHWESTERN RY. CD
LESSEBS
SA.H fR/NCiSCO m MKU PAGlFli
/ RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Kerry, foot ot Market St. .
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN BAFAEIi.
WEEK DAES— 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33. ,
3:30, 5:lO,7ti:3O d. to. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at .
1:50 and ll:3(f d. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. tf:3O. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30. •
5:0« and B:2O i>. m. j
. SAX UAFAUL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 7:30. 7:50. 9:20. 11:1»
a. m. : 12:50. 3:4O, 5:00, 5:20 p.m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and «:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— » :00, »:10, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
! 4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I tn Effect t Arrive
San Francisco! May 4. 1902. ISan Franclaco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- | Sun- I Week
Days. I tUys. I tlon. 1 days. [Day a.
7:30 a| 8:00 al Ixnacio 9:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
B:10p 5:C0p| Novato «:«5 p 6:20 p
; i 7:35 *>
7:30 a 8:00 a! Petaluma 110:40 a| 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 1 6:05 pi 10:20 a
5:10 v 5:C0p[ Santa Roaa j 7:3op| 6:JJp
7-30 a Windsor 10:20 »
5:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a S V
Lytton '. 3Y
Geyservllle »-
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p 6:20.p. J^
7-30 at 8:00 a! Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 »
5:30 p| 5:00 p{ Uklah ( 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 at WilUts \ 7:35 p| 6:20 »
7:30 al 8:00 al Gaernevllle I 7:35 p[10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| |l0:40 at 6:30 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 a! 8:40 »
5:J0p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 »
3:30 pj 5:00 pi | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs - and White . Sulphur Springs ; at Fulton
i for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyser ville for Skagss Springs; at Cloverdal«
for the Geysers and BoonevlUe: at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvlll».
Carlsbad Springs, Soda ' Bay, Lakeport and
. Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.
, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell ¦
Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Pot-
ter Valleyj, John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's.
BuckncU's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs. Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendo<;ino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal; at Wlllits for Sherwood, Cahtc, -
Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cummtngs. Bell's Springs^
Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Pepperwood, Scotia ana ;
Eureka.
! Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
¦ On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
. beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st. Chronicle build-
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN. •
Qen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
> Santa Fe
| Trains-Daiiy.
\ Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
• I Local I Llm'd | Ovrl'd I Local
Dally Daily Dally Daily
, Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11 :1Q p 7:18 p
"Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12pl3:27p 8:05a
" Vlsalla...| 3:39p| 5:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a fk\
" Kan. City 2:4Oa 7:3(Ja
i* "Chicago- 2:15 p 9:00 p ¦
' a for morning, p for afternoon.
0:C0 a. m. trafti is the California Limited,
J carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dininsr
Cars through to Chicago.. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
y flrst-class passengers. - No ¦ second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
y sponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4 :2O p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding, train arrives at
12:30 p. m. dally.
y 8 p. to/ is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
y Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno,
n "Corresponding train arrives at "6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at - all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
s Ofnces— fctl Market street and tn Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ' '
» nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sauaalito Ferry • Arrive •
i San Fran. 'Foot of Market St. San Fran.
fcSJ:i!S::^-rrs"-r i " B •
11-30A a -"- w ~*»»J»">>J- 4-50 p ..... JJ
f , ....—.. 2:S0 P. 8:13 P. ....—~
Tlctat Qa«««. «31 MARttT taUT tgi 9ACSAUTO HMI. -
" Weekly Call, $1 per YearTHE COAST RECORD.
LONDON. May 29.— Consols. 96%; silver
23 13-16d; French rentes, lQlf 22 %e. ; ; Wheat
cargoes on passage, rather easier; cargoes No.
1 Standard California, . 30c; cargoes Walla
Walla, 20s 3d; English country markets quiet
LIVERPOOL. May 29.— Wheat, easy ;' No i
Standard California, 6s:5d@6s 5%d; wheat In
Paris, • quiet; • flour in Paris, quiet; . French
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, .May 29.— There - was a full " at
tendance ' at . the wool auction sales.- Good
selection, consisting ' of 14,454 - bales, was I of
feied. .Buyers from air sections purchased
freely at full rates. Withdrawals were fre
quent, owing to the firmness • - of holders
Scoureds were taken by the home trade and the
Continent. America occasionally bought a lot
of crossbreds. ¦" . -• ' '
London Wool Sales.
WHEAT — Receipts. 105.125 bushels; exports
217,010 bushelB. Spot, easy; No. 2'wlnter,
nominal. No. 2 red, 7i»l4^8Oc f. o. b. afloat*
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 8194c f. o.'b. afloat-
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 85%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options Improved early and for a. time looked
steady, but the bears,, taking advantage of fine
crop {irospects, raided the market - and pro
voked heavy liquidation at midday. Weakness
during 'the afternoon was helped by small
clearances. The close was 9i@%c lower. July
7S%!g,79 5-16c, closed 78%c; September, 76 7-10
«?77 l«16c.- closed 76%c: . December. 77%©
78 5-16c. closed 77?ic. , -
HOPS — Firm, v
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Quiet. .J' ¦
SUGAR — Raw. steady; fair, refining, 2%c*
centrifugal. »« test, 3%c; molasses sugar: 2$£c
refined, stead;'. .* '
COFFKE — Soot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice
5V4c: mild, quiet and firm :¦ Cordova, 8@ll%c
Futures closed steady and unchanged to 5
points lower. Total sales, 17,600 bags. July,
5.10c; September, 5.30c; October, 5.35c; No
vember, 6.45c: December. 5.60c; March, 6.70
05.75c. . ' ¦ ¦' '
- DRIED FRUITS. ' • :
EVAPORATED APPLES— The evaporated
apple market Is - without . change.. ¦ Export
grades are In light supply, with prices nom-
NEW YORK. May 29.— FLOUR— Receipts.
26,005 barrels: exnorts, 10,777 barrels/ Easy
and 5®15c lower to sell. Winter patents, $4@
4 20; winter straight*, $3 80@4; Minnesota
patents, $4@4 15; ' winter extras, |3 15<Stt 30:
Minnesota Dakers', $3 10© 3 20; winter low
grades. $2 9503 10. ..,...."¦
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. May 29. — The new commit
ments In the stock market to-day were of ln
elgnl&cant proportions because of the fear of
possible developments of the triple holiday.
There -was some closing of open accounts, how
c- vtr. and as these proved .to be mostly on the
ehort «ide the tone of the market was rather
Cnn, in sympathy with the leaders. The move
ment in the general list was listless and very
narrow. The leader of the market in point, of
activity w»e Reading and its advance of nearly
two points was attributed in large degree to the
demand from shorts to cover in the fear that
a strike settlement might be reached between
now and next Monday. The immediate newt
to-day did not favor such a presumption. Pres
ident fowler of the Ontario and. Western au
thorized emphatic denials of reports that con
cessions to the strikers were contemplated upon'
the .part of the operators. The reported utter
ance of F. P. Eargent of the arbitration com
mittee of the Civic Federation that he believed
a sympathy strike would open among the soft
coal miners was also given some attention,
but thie did not reassure traders short of. the
market sufficiently to induce them to remain
uncovered for «n Interval of three days. The
so vane* in Canadian Pacific was also renewed. -
In spite of denials of reported buying for con
trol In behalf of. Northern Securities interest.'
An Irteresting feature of the week's currency
movement is the shipment to Canada of some
$2««0O00 by Canadian branch banks, which is
>*uppoBed to be due to tranractlcrji in Canadian
Facific. Notwithstanding this movement and the
iosorptlon cf nearly a million dollars on sub
treasury operations, . tbe receipts of cash from
the interior on balances are estimated thus far
thle meek at *iearly $1,000,000, thus promising
a strong bask et&tetnent for next Saturday.
The promise to-day of tbe -British parliamen-
Nrjj York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO. May 29. — Porter Brothers Com
pany sold ' California fruit to-day as follows 1
Cherries— Tartarlans, $3 10@>3 25.
¦ NEW YORK; May 29.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sold California fruit to-day, as follows:
Cherries — Tartarlans, $3 28. ' !
BALTIMORE. Md., May 29. — The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices for ex
press shipments of California cherries sold at
auction to-day: Rockport, average $2 15; "B
Tartarian*, average- $2 25. •• • , '
NEW YORK, May 29.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's auction sales of California express ship
ments of cherries to-day are as. follows: B
Tartarlans, .boxes,- $2 35@3 70, average $2 75"
Weather dry and cool."" » ¦¦'• . ¦••'
\ CHICAGO, May 29.— The Earl' Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia cherries sold at auction to-day : • B. Tar
tarlans, boxes,; $1 15@1 95, average $i 50; B.
D' Orleans, 1 eOdg^l 30. One car sold to-day
Weather dry and cool.
California Fruit Sales.
HOGS— Receipts, 7900; strong.' Light and
light mixed, $6 90@7 20; medium and heavy
$7 10®7 40; pigs, $4 4<N?0. ' -. ,
SHEEP — Receipts, 600; steady. Western
lambs, $6 50@7 25; Western sheep, $5@6 75.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. 'May 29.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 900; steady. Natives. $5 35@7 25; cows
and heiferB. $1 60@6 40; veals, $3 50(30 50
stockers and feeders, $2 50@5.40. . .. ¦
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000., Sheep lower;
Iambs, choice, strong- Good to choice wethers
$6 40@6-25; fair to choice mixed, $4 50@5 25-
Western sheep, $5 25@6 25: lambs, natives, 55
07; Western lambs; $5 25@7; spring lambs
$7 70. • •
ST. JOSEPH. ' ' v'
CHICAGO, May 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
7000, Including 600 Texans. Slow and 10c
lower.* Good to prime eteers, $6 90®7 40; poor
to' medium, $4 75© H 60: stockers and feeders,
$2 50©. r >; Cows, $1 50®5 75; heifers. $2 60@U;
canners', $1 5O@4 60; bulls, $2 5O@5 35; calves
$2<J6 50; . Texas fed steers, $5.
HOGS— Receipt* to-day, 23,000; to-morrow,
20:000; left over, 4000. Active and 5@10c
higher... Mixed and butchers. $C 90@7 25; good
to choice heavy, $7 20@7 40: • - rough heavy
$6 95(8:7 15; light, $6_70®7; bulk of sales, $7
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
OIL — California Castor Oil. in cases,
No. 1, 70c; pure, $120; Linseed Oil.
In barrels, boiled, 75c; raw. 73c; cases, 5c more;
Lucol, 68c for boiled and 66c for raw. In bar
rels; Lard OH. extra winter strained, barrels,
$1; cases, $1 05; China Nut, 57%@68c per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot. In barrels, 70c; cases 75c;
Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale Oil, natural white.
40@50cper gallon: Fish Oil. barrels. 42%c;
cases, ,47%c; Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%c for
Ceylon and R8%c for Australian.
6 COAL OIL — Water White. Coal OH, In bulk,'
13V2@14c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, 16c:
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14%c; in
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
caees, 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 69c per gallon in cases and
C3c in drums and Iron barrels. ¦
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bugs : ¦ Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit » Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags' only), none;
Confectioners'- A. 4.25c; Magnolia A 3.85s;
Extra C, 3.75c: Golden C. 3.65c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels, 25c ' more;
boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos^ — Half- barrels, 4.75c; boxes.
6o per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
SALMON — The market continues in good
shape,, a continuous demand being reported.
England and South Africa are taking liberal
lines, and in England the Alaskan product has
advanced 3d. The run on the Columbia River
Is good, but on the Sacramento It Is light. -The
British Columbia salmon pack of 1901 has been
disposed of as follows: . England, S51-.820 cases;
shipped to Eastern Canada, 131,875 cases; ship
ped to Australia, 38)022 cases; other destina
tions, .13.538 cases; local sales, 19,956 cases;
stock; on hand, 180,939 cases; total, 1,236,150
cases. . ¦ '. . '
TEA— The market tor new Teas in Japan is
strong and advancing; prices are now 2 cents pe r
pound higher than a year ago. The first crop Is
reported . light, as the result of frost damage
Formosa market has opened 1 cent higher than
last, year. Congo market is on an unchanged
basis; market for China greens is not yet open.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. MAY 29.
Flour, qr sks . . 5,773jHay. .tons. . „ .. "435
Wheat, ctls ....117,079 Tallow, ctls ... 213
Barley, ctls 11,450 Sugar. . ctls ._... 1140
Oats, ctls v..; ISOlHides. No;... 17S
Corn, ctls •.... 1.715 Quicksilver, flks." 75
Beans, sks ' 40 Raisins, bxs .. bko
Potatoes., sks... 2.878 L,lme. bbls ..;. 273
Onions, sks -.». . "1,139 Leather, rolls ..." 5,-j
Bran, . sks ..... . , 913 Wine, . gals! ..... 54 80O
Wool, bales .... 54 Pelts, bdls '...; SiX
Middlings, sks.. 340. .' . ur ;.,™.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per. ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle.' $« 50; Bryant. $6 60;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $S: Walls
end. $S 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50; Cum
berland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite > Egg. r ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per
trn in bulk and .$17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain, descriptions, $8 45 per 2OQ0 lbs and $8 50
I-er ton. according to brand. . ' r
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 5%@6c;
San Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags, .32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7% ©8c. - ? ¦•
General Merchandise.
The pressure ha* risen slowly over the north
ern half of the coast and has fallen slowly
over tne southern half. A depression of some
aeptb overlie* Utah and apparently is back
ing toward the Sierras.
Condition* ere unfavorable for pleasant
veather on Decoration day over the southern
jrart of the State.
Cool weatber prevails over Oregon and
Washington and very warm weather over
Utah. Throughout California the temperatures
are below normal except at Fresno, •where It is
ellchtly above.
A thunderstorm is reported at Portland, with
half an inch of rain. High southwest winds
prevail in ths Nevada desert.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnUrht May 30. 1902:
N<Tth*n» California — Fair Friday; Jlgrht
northerly winds In the interior; brisk to high
¦westerly wind* on the coast.
Eouthem California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Friday, probably sandstorms in the
interior: brisk westerly winds on the coast. .
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; brisk to high west
¦wlnij; continued cool.
Saa Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
brisk to high west wind*.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
.0.00)1 « "." ',. ,.. ' — ETAOI
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
NEW-YORK, May 20.— Cotton was firm, with
prices- 3. to 6 points higher, and closed quiet
and net- 4 points lower to 3 points higher.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
* : ! f — '— — — r«
j NEW YORK. May 29.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say :
The week's developments have been largely
favorable. Crop conditions, particularly those
of the- spring sown cereals and cotton, have
thown further improvement. The labor sit
uation, particularly that In the coe.1 trade, has
likewise measurably Improved, advices toward
the end of the week pointing to the anthracite
strike ending before the position as to supplies
becomes critical. Cool weather, it Is true, ha.6
retarded retail demand and measurably checked
reorder business with jobbers, and heavy frosts
have done damage to vegetables on the'north
ern edge of the country, but this is regarded
as a ,merely temporary halt, and the general
volume of business has been helped by the large
amount booked for next autumn's delivery
Among the industries activity still rules, with
iron and steel, hardware, lumber, the build
ing trades and bituminous coal displaying ex
ceptional activity. Failures continue well down
to the minimum and bank clearings are begin
ning to compare better with a year ago. Rail
way earnings hold all the former advantages
ehown over preceding years. . Gross railway
earnings returns to Bradstreet's for the third
week of May point to nearly 9 per cent increase
over a year ago. Large fruit crops are indi
cated this year, and the same is true of vege
tables, but the latter are backward on cold
weather. High prices for tobacco Indicate that
a heavy acreage will be planted. Iron and
uteel are quieter as regards new. business In fin
ished products, but there are reports of large
transactions pending In the cruder forms.
Wheat, Including flour, exports for five days
aggregate 8.900.645 bushels, against 6,184,839
bushels last week, six days, and 4,138,680
bushels in this 'week last year. - .
WJieat exports, July, 1901,- to date (forty
eight weeks) aggregate 233,425,080 bushels
against 192,812,721 bushels last season.
Business failures for the week number 163
as against 152 last week. 144 In this week last
year, 135 in 1900, 129 In 1899 and 178 In '1898.
Failures In Canada' for the week number 18
as against 19 last week -and 21 a year ago.
There is no further ehange in Butter, the sit
uation Btahdlng precisely as during the past
two or three days. Dealers are stopping pack
ing in the country as fast as possible, but are
forced to pack the major portion of the local
receipts, as they are three times more than the
market can absorb. If the cessation of packing
results In the expected accumulation of stock
and tne market drops back again then- packing
wlll.be resumed and the present conditions will
be repeated. . ; ¦__"-¦ , • L, ' i ¦ -
There ts no change in Cheese. Eggs,. too, ar«
about as before quoted.' : They are not scarce,
and some dealers have more than they want,
but the . demand . is very fair . and , the market
rules steady. •" - " ¦ - - , Y ¦ ¦•'-'
- Receipts were 50,200 pounds. 2 kegs and 389
cubes of ; Butter, '1521 cases of Eggs, 31,850
pounds, of California -Cheese and pounds
of Oregon Cheese. „„-„.,,,
• BUTTER— Creamery, 21@21%c per pound for
fancy,' 20@20%c for firsts and 19%@20c for sec
onds : dairy. 16@2Cc ; store Butter,. 14® 16c per
P °CHEESE— New, S%@9%c : old, 9@llc; Young
America, S&lOc; Eastern, 13@15c per pound. .
EGGS— Ranch,. 19@20c for fancy and. 16@18o
for fair to good;store, 15@16%c per dozen. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 13@14o for Gob
blers and. 13@14c for Hens; Geese,' per pair,
$1 26®1 50; Goslings, $1@1 50; Ducks, $3 60
@4 for old and $4 50® 0 for young; Hens, $4@
6 60; young ¦ Roosters, $6 50@8;; old Roosters,
$4 25@4 50: Fryers, $4@5; Broilers. $3@3 50 for
large and $1 75@2 25 for small; Pigeons, $175
per -dozen for. old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs."
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for Brush.- ",
There is not much inquiry for Hare or Rab
bits at present, but what little comes in sells
at the quotations. — - ¦ ' '
' Poultry stood about the same. ¦ Good large
stock sold fairly well, but the demand was
nothlpg extra. Small stcck continued plentiful
and very dull. No more Eastern came In.
Poultry and Game,
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$2@2 25 per box, $1 5001 75 for No. 1 and 75c
<g$l 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb; 5O@75c per box;
extra fancy, 85c#$l; Green Peas, 50©85c;per
sack;' Garden Peas. $1@1 25 per sack; String
Beans, 2%@4c per lb end 3@4c for Wax; Cab
bage, 90c@$l. per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $2@2 50 per
box; Dried' Peppers, 10@Hc per lb; Los An
geles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, $1 per sack; Cu
cumbers from Marysvllle, $1 25@ 150 per box:
from Arizona. $160 per box; Hothouse do,
4C(?85c per dozen; Garlic, 2®3%c for new;- Los
Angeles Green Peppers, 12 %c; Mexican- do, 15®
20c; Egg Plant, from Los Angeles.' 8@10c:
Summer Squash, from .Los Angeles, $1@1 25;
from MaryBVllle.^^l®! 25; Marrowfat Squash,
$10®20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15@20.
POTATOES — New Potatoes, $1 25@1 75 in
sacks and $1 1B@I 75 in boxes; old, 90c®$l (or
Fairbanks f riiu th» river: from Oregon and
Washington, $1 2501 50; River Reds, $1 25;
Oregon Burbanks, for seed, 90c@$l 10. . ¦
ONIONS — Australian, $3 25#3 50; second
hands; new red, 40@50c per sack;.Silverskins,
40&50c' i>fcr box. • ; -". •
Supplies of fancy and No. 1 Asparagus were
limited and sold off wellVtt full figures, but
the No. 2 stock, which was plentiful, sold slow
ly. Tomatoes and Green Peppers are firm un
der light supplies. Other fresh Vegetables are
steadily declining as receipts are heavy and
large quantities are carried over from day to
day. ¦-- ' ' ' *
Receipts of new Potatoes in 'boxes continued
large and prices had a wider range aa there
was a large quantity of poor stock \ received.
Choice offerings In sacks sold well at the quo
tations. Old continued to drag at previous
prices. • • .
Australian Onions are- In large 'supply, and
meet with very little demand. New j stand
about the same.-, - •. ,
Potatoes, Onions, and Vegetables.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance $102,577,973; gold, $95,781,936.
Condition of the Treasury.
There Is nothing new to reportMn anything
under this head.
BEANS— Bayos, $303 10: small White. $2 40
©2 50; large White. $2 20@2 30; Pea, $3 25©
3 50; Pink. $2<g2 15; Red. $2 50; Blackeye.
$1 »0@5: Llmas. $3 U5@3 75; Red Kidneys.
S3 50f/3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 6C@2 65. ~ ellow
Mustard $3 25(8*3 60: Flax. $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry aVic'for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah, 1O%@
ll%c; California. 10@10%c; Rape. 1%@2%c;
Hemp 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@2; Green,- $1 45 jj
1 G5: Blackeye, $1 75@2. , -
Beans and Seeds.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6*«c:
200 lbs and over. C@8%c; feeders,' 6@6%c:
sows 20 per cent off, boars '50 per csat .eft
and stags 40 per cent off from the aho/e quo
tations. . ' ¦
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50©2 75 per
head or 4%©5c per lb live weight; yearling*,
4@4%c per lb. .'.-. , v .
' The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, lesa 60
per cent shrinkage for cattle: .
, CATTLE — Steers. 8%©9c; Cows and Heifers.
7®7%c: thin Cows. 4©8c per lb.
CALVES— 5@5%o per lb (gross weUcht).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4@4%c; Ewes, 3@3%c per
lb (gross welsht). ¦ .. ' '- . • ¦¦ . ¦ :
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are- as follows: . • ' •
BEEF— 6%©7%c for Steers and 6@6%e per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7S8c: small. 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%©8%c; Ewes, 7%©
So ?er lb. .
LAMB— Spring Lambs. fi@10c per lb.
- PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%©9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
DRESSED MEATS.
San Francisco "Meat Mapket.
NEW, YORK. May 29.— The Metal Exchange
will be closed from this afternoon '. until Mon
day. The local -market for tin, was quiet but
steady, with slight gain in prices, spot clos
ing at $.10@30 17%. London closed 10c higher,
with spot at £13U and futures at £133. >: ,'-•
- Copper was about %c lower, with standard
spot to Auzust quoted at *U H5®11 90; lake
$12 25@12 604 electrolytic, $12 12%. and cast
ing at. $12 25. At London, the prices for cop
per were 2s ed higher, closing spot and futures
at £54.
Lead was steady and .unchanged at New
York at $4 12%. London was Is 3d lower at
£11 C« 3d. ~
Spelter ruled quiet here and unchanged at
$4 75. London was 2sJ?d lower at £18 5s. The
local market for iron was firm.' Warrants con
tinue nominal. No. 1 foundry Northern, $19 50
©20 50; No. 2 foundry Northern. $19 50@20 50;
No. 2 foundry Southern. $1S 50@19 60; No. 1
foundry Southern soft, $18 50@19 50.
The English markets were higher. Glasgow
dosed at 54s 3d and MIddleboro at 49s 6d.
New York Metal Market.
Eureka WL'i Anreles.i 70
Fresno 88 Sacramento „ .72
Mt. Taraalpals 50 San Luis Oblspo.~.*.70
Red Bluff 76 San "Diego ......t3
Independence S6
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature.
CO; minimum, C2; mean, Jtti.
Hay and Feedstuff s
Middlings have again advanced. Bran is
unchanged. Hay 1b quiet and weak, though
dealers do not let the market go down. A
very fine -looking lot of new wheat, the first
of the season, came in from Cornwall, Contra
Costa County, but. only, $0 was bid for.lt and
It was withdrawn. -For new volunteer wild oat
$7 MV : was the bid.* 1 ¦¦¦:•. -.-.¦" , -.- /.
BRAN — $18 50tf?19 50 per ton. ~ ¦ •
MIDDLINGS^-$21©24 per ton. ' v ¦
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $21®22 ( per
ton- Oilcake Meal at -the Mill. $25@26; ' job
bing. $26 50027: Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn
Meal $31@32: Cracked Corn. $31 50@32 60;
Mixed Feed. $lfi@17*. Cottonseed Meal, $20 50.
A HAY — Extra fine Wheat. ?12: fair to choice
do $9 50@ll'-50; Wheat and Oat. $9@ll 50;
Oa't $8@10 50; Alfalfa. $7@11 : Clover, $7®0;
Volunteer. $6 50CSS 50; Stock. $8@S per ton.
" STRAW — iO@65c per bale. . ,
SAN FBAXCISCO, Mar 29, 5 p. m
020th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following are the maximum tempera
tures reoorted from stations in California to
<Jey:
Weather Report.
NEW YORK. May 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: -.
Business lacked ' .activity on. the exchange,
due to the postponement of a • definite peace
announcement and on the knowledge that there
is, a 'heavy bull account. Trading., was, dull
early, but the close was steadier on' Mr.' Bal
ffiur's statement, which left only the shadow
of a doubt that he would make the ' peace an
nouncement en Monday. Consols closed at
96 11-16, after having sold at 96 9-16. Ameri
can stocks were forgotten here, but the close
was good on New York's boost before the holi
days, the coalers, grangers and M. K." & T.
being especially favored. Canadian Pacific re
lapsed to 139 on realizing sales by recent pur
chasers, but the stock rallied to 142% on New
York orders. The market repaid the Bank of
England a considerable amount. . . The weekly
returns show the Institution's strong position
The market repayments were £2.740,000 and
Government disbursements £750,000.
Gold to the amount of £77,000 in bars has
been bought. • . . ¦ '.- • • •
London Market..
: . ¦ LIVERPOOL.
Wheat*— - May. "July. Sept.
Opening ............ I. B 11% 6 1%
Closing . ... . ... .v. . . . . — — - . 5 U5i - 0 1%
...i PARIS.
Wheat— ' : '"¦"' May. " Sept.
. Opening j .........::. 21 65 ' . - '20 30
Closing : 21 70 . 20 35
¦' Flour — 1
Opening: . ... ..V..... ... v . ... . 26 65 28 35
.Closing... ................26 65 - 26 35
Foreign Futures.
Bar silver, quiet, 23\13-16d per ounce.. '
Money, 2%@3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2<K@2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three-months' bills Is 2%@2% pen cent.
While Hides are quoted" steady, dealers say
that they do not look for a further advance as
prices are as high now as they can stand. The
market at the moment Is In very fair shape for
C HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip. »c; Salted Veal, 9%c; SaltedTalf.
10c; Dry Hide*. lSigiie^ic; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip, ll®13c; Dry Calf,- 16@18c: . Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20<p
3<>c each: short -Wool, 40@«i0c each; medium.
O5#75c; Ions: Wool. 8Oc® *1 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. S3 for larse and $2 50 for me
dium, $1 50@2 for -small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 60 for
medium, $1©1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Sklr.B— Dry Mexican, tB2%c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c: dry Central American, 32 %c.
Goat Skins — Prime Ansoras, 75c;' large and
smooth. 50c: medium. 35c. . - ¦ :
- TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c- per lb;
No. '2, 4%@5c; crease,. 2 %@3%c. - -- t - ¦
WOOL — Sprlns. Humboldt and Mendoclno,
15@17c; Northern free, 14016c;. do, defective,
13(g 14c; Middle County free. 13®15c; do, de
fective. 12©13c; Southern. 12 months, 9@10c;
do, 7 months, !)@Hc: Foothill. .H®13e: Neva
da/ 12S15c: Valley Oregon fine,. 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse. 14@15o per lb. * -. .
i HOPS— 12c for fair and.l3@14c. per lb for
cootl to choice.. . . ;„¦, - ¦ t. ,. .., . ' , .
Hides, Tallow, Wool, and Hops.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol.
lows, .usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3: Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra
cream do. $4: Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25: Buckwheat Flour. $4 5O@4 75; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $7 35@9; In
sacks, $6 8508 50: Pearl Barley. $5 50; SpUt
Peas. $5 50; Green Peas. $C 50 per 100 Ib3.
• FLOUR— California- Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75^3 25 per barrel for family and
$3(^3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers' $34«
3 SO. - '¦'¦¦
Flour and Millstuffs.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 13c per ,1b for
heavy, 18%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light and 10® 17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14J4c; Cali
fornia Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $10 per
bbl; extra Mess, $10 60@ll; Family, $11 50®
12; prime Mess Pork,' $16@15 50; extra dear,
$23: Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt. Pork. 12%c;
Pig Pork. |25: J'Igs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beer,
13%®14c per lb. . • ...
LARD— Tierces Quoted at 8%<g8%c per. lb
for compound and TJ%c for pure; half -barrels,
pure. 12%c: 10-lb tins. 13%c; B-lb tins, 135fcc;
3-lb tins. 13%c. .- -
COTTOLENE — One hair-barrel. 10% c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce. 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces. 10%c per lb. .
There Is nothing new to report. The market j
Is dull, both here and at the Western centers. |
Provisions.
for apples is apparently favorable, and petite
prunes and berries of all kinds promise abund
ant yields."
have not set well, and bo many have dropped
that not over a half crop is expected. Bart
lett pears in this valley are reported by some
to be a total failure, while others expect there
¦w-111 be a fair crop harvested. The outlook
"Reports from fruit men are very conflicting.
Kast of the mountains the prospects for full
crops of all kinds, except peaches, seems to be
very promlsine; and the outlook in- Southern
Oregon is also unusually good, but in the Wil
lamette Valley the Italian prunes and cherries
have been killed out In large patches, and
"?bis crop •will be considerably short in those lo
calities. Hops are in splendid condition, well
up on the poles, and the second training of
the vines has been finished in many of the
jards. ?."».'
"The -weeds are beginning to get thick on
Fummer-fallowed land In EaFtern Oregon and Its
cultivation will soon become necessary. Pas
tures ere excellent, and stock is getting fat.
The cold rains in the coast counties caused a
eiight falling off in milk during the first half
of the week, but with the advent of warm
¦weather the 6upply quickly increased to the
r.crmai amount. A good hay crop Is now as
sured. The first cutting of alfalfa In Southern
Oregon \siil be made this week. Red clover
in some portions of Marion County Is reported
"Spring grain is making excellent advance
ment, and it loofes premising in all sections of
the State. Fall grain is beginning to head, and
in general the outlook for a good crop is favor
able. Complaints are made that the fields are
¦unusually weedy, and that the wheat on the
bottom lands has not recovered from Its sickly,
yellow 1 color, due to the previous cold rains.
Summer-fallowing and corn and potato plant
ing are in active progress la the Willamette
Valley. . *
The report of Edward A. Beals. section di
rector of the United States Weather Bureau,
fcr the Oregon Crop Bulletin, week ended May
27, is as follows: ¦ . .
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
To-day being Memorial day and a legal holi
day, business trill be suspended throughout the
United States. To-morrow (Saturday) is never
more th&n half a day at best, and many of the
vholesale houses will observe the day as a
full holiday, thouph the suspension of business
v.ill not be general, as th* banks will be open,
and ail houses handling perishable goods will
remain open until noon, at least.
Business To-morrow.
Stock?— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 8.000 80% 80% 80%
Atchison pfd ...... 2,500 08% 08% 08M
Bait & Ohio 200 106% 100 106%
Bait &. Ohio/ pfd..-. 100 95% 95 95
Can Pacific 24,700 139 136% 188%
Can Southern ..... ' .' 94%
Ches & Ohio....... ftOO 46% 40% 4CS-.
Chi A: Alton 1.200 37% 37% • 37 U
Chi & Alton pfd... • 500 7G% 76 70 "
Chi Ind & Louis... 300 76 75% 75
Chi Ind & L pfd... 300 87 87 86%
Chi & East 111. .... 100 165% 105% 164<Vi
Chi & Gt Weet.... 4.600 29% 28% 29'/!
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 100 89% S9% 88
Chi & Gt W B pfd 47%
Chi & NW 300 249% 249% 249%
Chi R I & P...... 100 173 173 172%
Chi Term & Trans. 100 21 U 2114 21
Chi T & T pfd t58
CCCtStL 100 105 105 104
Colo Southern .... 1.100 31% - 31 31%
Colo So let pfd.... 70%
Colo Sp2d pfd...,. 42%
Delaware & Hud.. 2.300 175% 174 174%
D»l Lack & West.. 2C5
Denver & R G 41%
D & R G pfd .... .... 90%
Erie ..13,400 SS 37% 37%
Erie 1st pTd. 2.800 68% «7% «S%
Erie 2d pfd 2,040 52% 62% 52
Gt Northern pfd... 184~
Hocking Valley ... 2.600 88 86% 85%
Hock Valley pfd... COO 92% 02 02
Illinois- Central ...' 900 153 152% 153%
Iowa Central 600 ' 46% 46 46
Iowa' Central pfd.. 500 84% -84 83%
Lake Erie & West 100 C5% 65% 64
L E & W pfd. , 125
Louis & Nash 1.000 138% 137 '138
Manhattan L 1,200 132% 132 132
Metropolitan St Ry 400 148]£ 148%. 14S%
Mex Central 3,400 27 26% 26%
Mex National 1,300 19 .18%: 18%
Minn & St Louis... 100 111 11] 110%
Missouri Pacific . . . 3,100 100% «9% 100
Mo Kans &. Texas.. 500 25% 25% ' 25%
M K & T pfd 800 56% 56 56%
N 3 Central ' 184
N Y Central ...... 400 157% 156% 156%
Nor Si. Western.... 1,100 57% 57% 57%
Nor & West pfd ..... .:.. " 89
Ont & Western ... 1.600 33% 32% 3.1
Pennsylvania 2,700 149% 149% 149%
Reading 78.400 64% 63 <V1%
Reading let pfd 400 84 R3% 83%
Reading 2d pfd 3,500 09% 68% 69
St L & San Fran.. 500 67% «7 «7%
St L & 8 F 1st pfd 100 84 84 83
St L & 8 F 2d pfd 200 71% - 71% 71%
Et Louis SW '. 100 27 27 26%
St Paul C.500 170% 170% 170%
Et Paul pfd 500 J90 190 189%
Bo Pacific 7,400. 65% 64% 64%
So Railway 1.500 37. 36% -36%
So RaUway pfd 200 95 94% 94%
Texae & Pacific... SCO 41 40%- 41
T St L & West... 100 21% 21%: 21
T St L & West pfd 100 37% 37% 37
Union Pacific 18,000 105% 104% 104%
Union Pacific pfd.. 2.300 88% 87% 88
Wabash.... 2.700 27 -26% 20%
Wabash. pfd 1,300' 44% 43%' 43%
Wheel &. L E. ...-..- 400 22% 22 22%
Wheel & L E 2d pf 300 - ,35% ' 34% . 35
Wisconsin Central. 3.J00 28V, 27% 27%
Wisconsin Cent pfd ,,1.100 50% 60 49%
Express companies — ¦ ¦.
Adams 200 -
American 220
United States .-..'. 115
Well6-Fargo 200 .
Miscellaneous — *. /
Amalgmated Copper 13,100 69% <5S% CO
Am Car & Foundry 8.400 32% 31% 31%
Am Car & Foun pfd 91
Am Linsed Oil 300 26 26 26
Am Linseed Oil pfd 51
Am Smelt & Refln. 4.000 .40% 48% 4S%
Am Smelt & R pfd 1.700 08 07% 08%
Anaconda HIn Co. 100 117 117 116%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 2,000 67% 07% 67%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100%
Consolidated Gas... .200 222% 222 221%
Continental Tob pf 1.200 123 122% 122%
General Electric. .... 316
Hocking Coal 2.000 17%. 17%: 17%
Int»rn«tl Paper 400 20% r-20% 20%
Internatl Faper. pf 74%
Intcrnatnl Power... •••,• .... 45%
¦Laciede Gas .' • ...." 80
National Biscuit... 100 47% 47% 47%
National Lead .... 500 23 23 22%
North American 121%
P»clflc Coast 60
Pacific Mall -.-..:. .... 41
People's Gas : • 300 . 102% 102 101%
Prerr-ed Stert Car . <J.SOO -48%-- 4R% 40%
Preesed 6t Car pM. . 100 S7% 87% Rf,$
Pullman Ph.1 Car.. ..... ...-. .. ., 234
Republic Steel 200 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pM. 200 74% 74% 74
Sugar .. . • 3.000 129% . 12R% • 125) ¦ ¦
Tenn Coal & Iron!: C00. . CA% V C4 - 64 :
Union Bag & Paper . , J5%
Union Bbk &.P, pM ...7, ..... ,-.^.. £2
i; S Leather. .800 13% 13 - 13
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
tary leader of a statement on next Monday
concerning- the peace negotiations was regarded
in speculative circles as tantamount to an an
nouncement of peace.
To-day's bond market shared In the dullness
of the stock market, and the closing was stag
nant below the best. Total sales, $2,250,000.
Speculation In stocks this week - has been
rather neglected and the course of prices has
been hesitating and irregular. This ha* been
partly due to the approach of the triple holi
day, with IU possibilities of important devel
opments at a time when the closed market
would preclude the opportunity of taking ad
vantage of them. The continuation of the an
thracite miners' strike has had gome repressive
influence upon speculation, but has net weak
ened the coal stocks themselves. The short
age of coal has had a perceptible effect upon
other industries, notably Iron and steel, and
there has been the dread that the trouble would
spread to . the soft . ccal fields, by sympathy,
which would be a damaging thing for the Iron
trade. But the undertone of sentiment in Wall
street Is very confident that the anthracite
companies have it within their power to settle
the strike by very slight concessions whenever
they consider it desirable to do so, and If they
see greater advantage in that course than in
fighting out the Issue raised by the miners.
Other portions of the stock lUt have not fared
so well as the coalers and the explanation of
the heavy tone of the market Is not superficial
ly plain. With the exception of the anthra
cite strike, conditions have appeared extraor
dinarily favorable. In spite of the great shrink
age In the volume of grain traffic compared
with this time last year, railroad earnings con
tinue to show an average percentage of in
crease over last year of 8 per -cent or more.
The movement of general merchandise, espe
cially westbound, is very large and railroad
rates are 6aid to be maintained with a steadi
ness not experienced for a long time. The
maintenance of rates Is attributed in a degree
to the results of investigations by the Inter
state Commerce Commission bringing out the
fact of - concessions on pecking house products,
and leading to the issuance of judicial Injunc
tions to the railroad companies against disre
garding published schedules. The news fronj
the crop region during the week has been uni
formly favorable. The general assumption ot
speculation is that the present year's corn
crop will - be abundant, and only definite daro
sge to the crop will disturb that assumption.
The rates for call money have fallen to such
a low stage as to offer no apparent explana
tion of the dull speculation. But doubt on the
future resources of the money market may
easily have more to do In restraining specula
tion than is evident. Not a few bankers ex
press the view that money rates must advance
and admit that they are keeping funds avail
able in call loan£ rather than tie them up In
time loans. In the expectation that all classes
ot interest rates are to advance. The large
banking and railroad Interests seem to t><
agreed that policy forbids the encouragement
of speculative activity at this time, which
might threaten a recurrence of the unhealthy
conditions which have been relieved within a
few weeks by a process of credit .contraction.
The. enormous borrowing abroad and from In
terior points which, has been accomplished, ne
cessitates provision for future payments. Thi?.
resumption of large exports of corn with . the
maturing of the present crop is relied "on to re
pleitiBh~the' foreign exchange market and fa
cilitate remittances for repayment of foreign
obligations. The numerous comments upon the
present large expansion of credits both by banks
and trust companies and the Inadequacy of the
banks' cash reserved for both is believed to
have led the trust companies to adopt a policy
of gradual recuperation of their own cash re
serves.
The bond market has been dull and Irregular.
United States bonds were all unchanged com
pared with the closing call lart week.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Scission— 9:15 o'clock — December —
4000 ctls, 83%c; 10.000, 83%c.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1. July,
new— 2000, 84%c; 4000,- 85c. December— 6000.
83%c. " ¦.-...
Regular Morning Session — No sales. . ~.
¦ Afternoon Session— July. new-»-4000 ctls. 85c;
2000. 85%c: 8000. 85%c. December— 4000, 83%c.
' OATS— Previous conditions prevail. The
market continues very firmly held, with light
stocks. . ' - I
Grays. t$1..17%01 43: ! whites. - $135@1 50;
milling, $1 50@l 55; black, . $1 25@1 35; - red.
$1 32%@1 45 per ctl.
- CORN —^The Chicago market continues to de
cline under the' Influence of liquidation and
increasing offeringti from the country. The
San Francisco market . continues dull, and the
feeling is weak, with sellers more than willing
to- meet buyers. ¦ • . ¦
'Large Yellow, $1450150; small round do.
$1 50(8:1 55; White. $1 00@l 62%. . -]i
. RYE — 90@95c per ctl. - . • ¦ :
BUCKWHEAT— $2<g2 25 per ctl asked.
BARLEY — The market continued weak, with
a further shading in futures. , Business: was
light.
¦ Feed, $1 for No." 1 and 97%@9S%c for oft
grades; brewing, and -shipping grades, $1 02%
@1 03?4 ; Chevalier, nominal.
. Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
12,000 ctls.' $1 12. • :.-.*.• . . , •:
Second Session — No sales. 1 : -:^-; .-: r. > /"r
. Regular Morning , Session — December— 16,000
Ctls, $1 11%. , !'..-.' - ¦ - - ¦:¦' - V
Afternoon Session — Decembtr-^4000 - - . ctls,
$1 12. ' . .¦-¦...¦ •.¦,:.-,/"¦.
CALL BOARD. SALES
This market was lower -on «4.H, and -a. trac
tion off In ¦ shipping I grades, 'with very little'
business.-" The Produce .-Exchange will: remain
closed to-day, but will be open' to-morrow. ¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1-13%*; milling, $1 15
@1 1C% per ctl. ' *. ¦ ¦ . • - •• -¦¦
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, '' 60 days..... — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight ......— 4 88 ¦ ,
Sterling Cables ....—. 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — . 15 .
New York Exchange, .Jelegraphlc — . 17% •
Silver, per ounce... ¦'¦ — .". , , 51%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.. ..'.'.: — 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.: '
. WHEAT— News from the East and abroad
was scarce yesterday, as a storm In the. West
deranged the. wires.. The Liverpool j market for •*
futures was lower. Chicago dropped %'c f with
further liquidation, and a very light- demand.
The market showed' little rallying power..
FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c fdr Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorp.irks; Evapo
rated Apples, .10@ll%c; . sua dried, 6@7c;
Peaches, 6U@SV t <;; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted, |
B@6^ic; unpltted/ l^@2J£c; Nectralnes. 6%®6c
for red 'and 5',4@6c <for white^:^gs,V3H@4iic
for black and 5',4@Cc' for. white. ' — ¦' r ' • ¦ . ' *• :
'¦ •pRUNES-^-1901. crop are quoted- as' follows:
30-403,' CVi@C%c; 40-50s, - 5@£^4c ; 50-603. 4%@
.4?ic; CO-TOa, -4@4V t c:. 70-80s, 3%@3%c; 80-&0s,
3@-3%c: 90-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lb.,,. ¦ >• : ..¦..:. .
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; ; 2-crown,
•7%c; /Loose Muscatels, 6%c- for : 4-crown and
5^4C for seedless; 8-cro*WTi. 6c;"'2-crown, 5%e;
Seedless Sultanas, 5 Kc for unbleached and 7@
8'/4o -for bleached. ' Clusters — Imperials. $?.
Dehesa, $2 30; .Fancy, '.fl-. 60;; London Layers
*1 25@1 33.' - x • .•-.,... ¦• - i 7,
NUTS — "Walnuts, - No.: 1 -softshell, K'Z~
No 2, 6@7o; No. 1 hardshell, ,10@10V>c; No!"2
7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell. 0@10t
for softshell and 607c for hardshell; Peanuts.
5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts*. 12@12%c; Fil
berts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts;
$3 M®5. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - . '•. ¦. - ; ¦¦
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@Uc
for light amber; water white extracted, 6®
6%c: light amber extracted. 4@4^c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX- 27%@29c per lb. • . . -
Dried Fruits; Nuts and Raisins.:
Ala AW 5s. 91 Vi . — ' -Oceanic S 5s. — 99%,
Bay CPC os.108%108% pmnibus 6».. — '129
C CG&E 58.105% -r*. |Pac O'-Im 4s. — > 100
Cal-st 5s 119 ' — Pk 4 C H 6s - 110%
C Costa 5b.. — lliy 4 :Pk & O R 0s. — 125
Ed L & P 6s^ — — |Pwl-«t R 6a. — ¦ —
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Sac EGR 8s. 101 101%
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 SF & SJV5s.l21% -r-
H C&S 5%s.lO2 — '. Bierra Cal 6» — 116^i
Do 5s — -¦" »7%'3 P of A 6s
L Ang R 53.118% — (1909) ,...1XS%—'
L A L Co 6s. 103. 105 <1910) ....115 —
Do gtd 6s.' — — ' S" P of C 6a-
Do gtd.5s. — — (1906)Sr 'A.10«^0*%
L A & P 5s.lO4 — (1910)Sr B. — —
Do lem 5s. 103 — ' O906X ..;.:.— llO^i
Mkt-st C 6s. — 129 (1912> ...MSOX —
Do lem 5s. 120% — 0 .P of C 1st
N R of C 6».1U%112% ft gntd 5a^ — —
Do 5s ....121% — Do «tmpd.l09% —
M Pac C 5s.l09%110% EP Br Cal 6s.l39%139-S
N C R 5a 114% — P V Wat 6s. Ill i 111^
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% Do 4s 2dm.lO2%lft>*i
Oak Trn 6s.. 124% — Do 4s 3dm. — 102%
Do 1st c5s.H3%115 Etkn G&E 6slOS 104
Oak W G 5s.l03%104^
. WATER STOCKS.
' Contra Costa 75% 76% [Port Costa.. «3% W
Marin Co...., 59 — iBprlng Val.. 90% 8<X% •
GAS AND ELECTRIC. » v^j
Cent L & P. 2% — |Pac L Co... 48 50
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3%{Sac E GAR. 3» —
Mutual 4 4% IS F G & E. 44% 48
0 G L & H. 62 KlWBFOLCo. 5?5 5%
Pac G Imp.. 38% 39%lStktn O & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.260 — (
BANKS.
Am B & T..110 — lFlrst Natlonl — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90% L P & A....1M 170
Bank of Cal.426 430 |Mer Ex (Uq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp. 121% — IS E Nailonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — iSav & Loan. — 0O
Humboldt .. — — (Security Sarr.340 390
Mutual Sav. — — [Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sar U..525 — !
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — I Market ..... 69%101
Geary -. — — 1 Presidio .... 40 —
POWDER.
Giant .*..... — 70 yVlgorlt ..... ,3% 3%
SUGAR. % W v .
Hana 3% 4%]Kllauea .... — 1 »!4
Hawaiian .. — S7%lMakawell ... 22% 24%
L Honokaa ... 1114 12 Onomea .... 24 —
fHutchlnson .13 13%|Paanhua .... 12% 12%
j- . .. MISCELLANEOUS.
[ Alaska PackO58%159 I Pac A F A. 2% —
; Cal Fruit As. — .102 Pac C Borx.165 —
t Cal Wine As. 100% 101 |Par Paint .. 28 —
{Oceanic S Co 25 30 »
i :'. ' ' Morning Session.
i . Board-^ - ' "
>- 5 Alaska Packers' Assn 159 00
' ' 10. Contra Costa Water 76 00
- 5 Giant Powder Con *-.. 70 87^
5 Giant Powder Con '.....{.'.* 70- 25
60 Giant Powder Con 70 CO
1 50 Giant Powder Con, s 90:........ 70 00
100 Pacific Lighting 4S 50
0 Sacto Elec Gas & Ry 39 00
70 S F Gas & Electric Co, • 10.... 45 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 10 44 75
50 S F Gaslight, s 90 5 S7%
$7C*0 S P.bf Arisona (1010) 115 00
S1C0O S P of C to (1912). 8 10 120 75
5 Spring Valley WaUr 90 25
65 Spring Valley Water 90 CO
5 Spring Valley Water, s 10 90 00
15 Spring Valley Water 90 12%
• - Street —
$7000 Oakland Water 5s 104 00
50 Vigorlt Powder 3 29
- .• ' Afternoon Session.
Board — "-' ¦'¦; :¦-' '¦' ¦
5 Giant Powder Con ; 99 87%
5 Giant Powder Con .... , tiO 75
10 Honokaa S Co 11 23
100 Faauhau 3 P Co.... 12 50
$3000 S P of C 6s (1905, series A), s 5. .108 5O
20 Spring Valley Water ...:. »O 12J»
$2000 Spring Valley 6a Ill 00
' j . . * PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
6700 Bear Flag: • - 05
100 Cala-Standard i.l IS
¦ 1 Hanford- • 83 00
100 Monte Crlsto. b 80.; 1 33
100 Monti Crist© - 1 ¦SiVt
1700 Occidental rt'W Va...... 13
40 Peerless 879
100 Sovereign S3
100 Sterling: 1 67%
100 Sterling, b 10 170
100 Sterling, b 90 ......V. 1 T7!a
500 Sterling ,. 170 .
¦500 Sterling, b 90 ........' 1 73'
300 Sterling, cash I7O
200 Sterling, b 10 1 72^
100 Sterling 1 72V*
200 Sterling, b 10 1 79 .
200 Sterling, cash 172%
"Street— :
1500 Lion, b 30 07
100 Home i *3 40
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Junction 23
500 Lion V-.- 04
1200 Monarch of Arizona 17
2000 Reed Crude, cash 34
200 Shamrock 65
100 Sterling, b 30 1 75
. COO Sterling 172%
Street
loo Peerless, b 00 9 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following wcra the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
' ¦ . Morning Session.
1000 Best & Belch IS 200 Potasi 37
200 Con C & Va.l 40 200 Savage 15
500 Mexican ..... 50 200 Silver Hill... 4i
500 Ophlr 1 35 1700 Union Con ..23
Afternoon Session.
400 Caledonia ... 73 ICO Occidental . . 21
30O Con C & Va.l 43 600 Ophlr 1 SO
200 Gould & Cur 11 , 800 Potosl 33
1000 Hale "& Nor. 33 200 Savage 1*.
700 Hale & Nor. 34 100 Union Con .. 25
700 Mexican SO
¦ Following were the sales In tie Pacific Stock
Exch.ar.ge yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher ..... 00 1 300 Mexican ..... 49
100 Best & Belch 19 200 Ophlr .....1 82%
300 Best & Belch IS 500 Overman .... 25
100 Caledonia ... 73 1 200 Potosl 37
200 C C & Va.l 42% 200 Potosi 35
300 Gould & Cur 12 200 Union Con... 2a
300- Mexican 52 150 Union Con . . 25
Afternoon Session. .
100 Con C & Va.l 40j 200 Ophlr 1 Zlii"
200 Hale & Nor. 321 200 Potost ... 33
600 Hale & Nor. 341 200 Sierra Nev .. 1!»
200 Mexican 50] 80O Union Con .. 25
1100 Ophir .......1 30l
>"\>; CLOSING QUOTATIONS. -
THURSDAY. May 29—4 p. m»
Bld.Ask.l . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice .. 04 0f»
Alta 07. OS Kentuck ...._.. 01 02
Andes 02 03 Lady Wash . .' — 04
Belcher .:.... 06 07 Mexican ..... 49 CO
Best & Belch- 17 - 18 Occidental .., 20. 2t
Bullion 02 03 Ophir. .......130 1 35
Caledonia-.... 74 75 Overman .... 24 25
Challenge Con 13 17 Potosl ....... 33 34
Chollar 17 18 Savage 13 14
i Confidence ... 60 6t; Scorpion .... — 04
! C C & Va...l 40 1 45 S*g Belcher.. 02 es
: Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 18 20
Con NY..— 02 Silver Hill... 41 43
Crown Point.. 06 07 St Louis ... 06 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate ... — ©7.
Exchequer ... — 02 Union Con .. 24 -^
"Gould & Cur 11 ,12 Cun 01 02
Hale & Norcs 37 5» Yellow Jacket 20 2»
UNITED STATES BONDa
; „ . Bid. Ask. - Bid. Ask.
Is qr. C6up.:ilO%lll%/.Js qr cp(new)13tf%137%,
4a qr reg....ll0-&llUv3s qr coup. .107% 103 V*
: . . MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
THURSDAY, May 2»— 2 p. m.
STOCK* AND BONDr EXCHANGE.
sales being as follows: Bear Flag, 6900 shares;
Junction, 5200; Lion, 7500; Monarch, 1200; Oc
cidental. 2450; Reed. 2000; Sterling. 7600.
All the stock boards stand adjourned to Mon
day. ' . ¦ . . .—
, The Kern River Oil assessment No. 7, : of 50
cents per -share, amounting to $10,000; was
delinquent -yesterday.. '
The Pacific'. Coast Borax dividend. ' regular
monthly; $1 per share, amounting to $19,000,
was payable yesterday.
There were no quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco yesterday from New
York by Bolton, De Ruyter & Co., as the wires
were down. ¦ - . . .
weak again at $70 S7%Q70 and Alaska Pack
ers' lower at $159. ' ¦
On the .Oil Exchange Sterling waa active
again and -firmer at $1 67%@1 75.
In the afternoon - Giant .' Powder continued
weak,' selling down to $69' 75.
I Sales on "the Oil Exchange this week were
3(5,571 ' shares, valued at $21,913, the leading
¦ .There, was more life on the Bond Exchange
yesterday morning;, and the list of , sales was
longer, though; the transactions were small.
Spring Valley Water sold at $90090 25 and
Contra Costa Water at $76. Giant Powder was
STOCK MARKET.
Northern 'Wheat
WASHINGTON,
• OREGON/ - ' v
PORTLAND, \ May 29.— WHEAT- Walla
Walla, 66c; blue stem, C7c. ¦¦' ' ; ~ . "¦
The total shipments of wheat from this port
for • the week ending . to-day . were '. 131,052
bushels. : - - ' ¦'¦¦', ¦ . • '
tACOMA. May. -29.— WHEAT— Quiet, un
changed. ¦ Blue stem, 00%c; club, 65% c.
To-day a legal holiday.
All local stock boards adjourned to Monday.
Silzrr and Exchange as before quoted. i
Wheat lower, Barley weak, Oats firm.
Corn dull and declining. Rye neglected.
Middlings again, advanced. Bran and Hay unchanged.
Beans and Seeds continue inactive and unchanged. /
Butter, Cheese and ] Eggs as previously quoted.
Provisions still dull and easy evcryivhere.
Live and dressed Meats quoted as before.
Salmon market still in good shape for sellers.
Tea very firm in the primary markets.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in large supply.
Poultry and Game about as before.
Cherries and Apricots in larger receipt and weak.
CHICAGO, May 29.— Most of the Influences
in the wheat pit . favored sellers, . and the sup
port from a strong quarter and the comparative
firmness of the foreign markets kept prints
fairly firm for the first hour.. Cables showed
a little decline, but were not bearish. Ad
vices tlid state, however, that there was pres
sure of spot wtTeat upon the English market,
a great quantity of stuff due to arrive off the
coast and fine' weather abroad. Buying by a
big house that suggested satisfaction with the
price brought in a number * of tailers and
helped prices. For a time corn helped wheat,
but it soon became apparent that-.the''bears
had the situation In hand again. The weather
In the winter country was warm with rains
and in the Northwest clear and warmer. Bears
laid great stress on this argument and were
thriving on tine crop prospects. Receipts weie
Increasing. In the way of novelty a car of
new Texas wheat was shipped in and on .its
harvesting the Southwest sold. No additional
export business came to the relief and every
thing slumped. July opened %@%c to a shade
lower at 7JS%@72«ic and dipped to 72c. closing
weak, %c down, at 72%@72%c.
In 'corn cables showed indifference to our
slump yesterday and the bull crowd supported
the market fairly well, for a' time. Trad*
turned very bearish later on heavy receipts,
bears sold short and crop reports were good.
July closed weak, %c lower, at 62%@62%e.
The only feature of the trade In oats was
the nervousness accompanying the May "deal."
Several small traders in this option did~ some
business. Many of the shorts in May are
settling quietly with the operator who success
fully cornered that delivery. It is now thought
the "deal" is practically over. July followed
corn, closing weak, %@%c down, at 30% c .
The strike of the teamsters of the big Chi
cago packing-houses began to have a bearish
effect on provisions - to-day. At - the opening
prices were strong and the packers supported
the -market.' but the trains wefe mostly lost
when the grain markets broke: July pork
closed 2%c down, lard a shade lower and ribs
The leading futures ranged as follows;
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
May^^ 0 /. 2 - 73% 73% ,72% .72*
July 72% <2 7 M > <2 . -(2%
September . 71% ""% I°%" ' ;1 Ii,.
December ..... 73% - 72% 72,. t 72%
MfyT..^: 2 TT. • 62% «2% 61% 61% :
July "..:....." 63 OS-% 02 62%
September ....... CO .;.«?% 59% 59%
May I 8 . ?[?'. 2 ~ . «3% - "K . ' «% ' 43%
July (new)..... 37% .37% S6% 36%
July (old) 35 35 34% 34%
September (new) 30% 30% 30% 30%
September (old) 28% 28T4 : .: 2S96 ; - 28%
ju M eBS pork Per 7 b»rrel- £, g . ;
September .....17 20 17 22% 17 10 17 15 :
Lard oer 100 pounds — v, 1 .¦ •
Julf ..*..... . 7.10 17% 10 17% v 10 12% 10 15
September 10 20 10 22% 10 15 10 17%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds—
July 9 67% 9 67% 9 C2% 9 65
September 9 67% 9 70 9 02% 0 67%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull- No. 3 spring wheat, 70@73c; No. 2 red,
7it%isSlc- No. 2 corn. 01%@02%c; No. 2 yellow,
62<f?G3c; No. 2 oats, 41%<§M3%c: No. 2 white.
43%@44%c; No. 3 white. 43%@44%c; No. 2
rye. 5»%c; fair to choice malting barley, 68
@70c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 59; No. 1« Northwest
ern $1 77; prime timothy seed, $C 30®6 35;
m»6s pork, per barrel, $17017 05; lard, per
100 pounds. $10 10<£10 15; short ribs oides
(Iocie). ! *9 7009 SO; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 8%c; short clear sides (boxed). $10 15
010 25; whisky, basis of high wines. $1 30;
clover, contract grade, $8.85."
Articles — Receipts. ' Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels 18,000 i 130,000
Corn, bushels 99.000. 171.000
Oats, bushels ... . 218.000 , 120,000
Rye. bushels 20,000 1,000
Barley, bushels ... .... 15.000- ' 4.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery,"20@22c: dairies,
17«J10c. Cheese, easy, 10%@12c. • Eggs, fresh,
15c. • . >• . ,
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS-
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— : U S Steel ........ 40
Call loans ......4 @5 U S Steel pfd.... 90%
Time loans, 4%@5 Westinghse Com. 107
Bonds — \ Mininj —
Atchison '4s 102 VjS Adventure 24 '
Gas lsts ........ 94 Allouez . ... . 8
Mexican Cent 4s.. 81 Amalgamated ... 6fl
N E-Gas & Coke. 54% BIngham ..-.;.;-.. 30 '
Railroads — • Calumet & Hecla. 565
Atchison ....:... 80% Centennial 19%
AtchUon pfd 8S% Copper Range.... 68Vi
Boston & Albany. 262 Dominion Coal... 140%
Boston & Maine. 198% Isle Royale... .... 12
Boston Elevated. .165 Mohawk X 42%
N Y. N H & H..237 Old Dominion 20
Fitchburg pfd 145 Osceola 61
Union Pacific 104% Parrot. . ..... 29
Mexican Central. 26% Quincy 133
Miscellaneous — ¦ Santa Fe Copper. 2 :
American Sugar. .127% Tamarack 175
Am Susar pfd... 118 Trinity ...... 13%
Am Tel & Tel... 179% United States 20%
Mass Electric 44% Utah 21%
Mass Elec pfd... 97 Victoria 4%
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Wlnona... 3
United Fruit 107% Wolverine 55%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. . "
Cons for money.. 96% Mo. Kar.s & T... 20%
Cons for account. 9f>% Mo. K'& T pfd.. 60
Anaconda ....... S'A. N Y Central.. ...160%
Atchison 82% Norfolk & Wstn. 68%
Atchison pfd 101 H Nor & Wstn pfd. 92
Bait & Ohio 108% Ontario & Wstrn. &3»{,
Canadian Pacific. 140% So -Railway 384
Chts & Ohio 48 So Railway pfd.. 97 %.
Chgo G Western.. 30 So Pacific ... ; 06%
Chgo. M & S P.. 175 Union Pacific 107%
Den & R Grande. 43% Union Pac pfd..: 90
D & R G pfd 93 US Steel T. . 41 Vt
Erie 38% U S Steel pfd 02%
Erie 1st pfd 60£, Wabash 27%
Erie 2d »fd 54% Wabash pfd. 45%
Illinois Central... 15«% Spanish 4s 78%
Loulsvl & Nash.. 141%
Adams Con .... 20 Little Chief ..:. 12.
Alice..... 45 Ontario ........8 00
Breece 50 Ophlr 125
Brunswick Con.. 09 . Phoenix 00
Comstock Tun... 05^4 Potoei ./. 33
Con Cal & Va. . .1 30 Saxage 11
Deadwood Terra.l 00 Sierra Nevada . ." 17
Horn Silver 75 Small Hopes . . . . - ; 40
Iron Sliver 75 Standard ...... .3 25
Leadville Con,-.. 05 '
MINING STOCKS.
u S r 2s reg 108% L & N unj 4s.. ..103
Do 2s coup . . . .108% Mex Cent 4s. .. ... 87%
Do 3s ret .....107% Mex Cent 1st inc. 32
Do 3s coup ....107% M &.St L \s... . .105%
Do new 4s reg..l36# M K & T !«.... 101
Do new 4s coup.l3«Vi M K & T 2nds.. 83
Do old 4s reg..H0S, N Y Cent lsts...lO4%
Do old 4s coup.. 110% NYC gen 3%s..lO8
Do 5s reg .....105% N J C gen 5s 138%
Do 5s coup 105*4 Nor Pac 4s. ..... .105
Atchison gen 4s..lO3Vi Nor Pac 3s 73%
AtchadJ 4s 93% Nor & W con 4s. 101%
Ba to & O 4s.... 102% Reading gen 4s... 100%
gatto & O 3%s.. 96% HtL & I M con 4s.ll6
B & O conv 4s.. 107% St L & 8 F... . .. 98
Can South 2nds..lO9 St L & SW lsts. 98%
Cent of Ga 5s... 108% St L & SW 2nds.8i%
Cent of Ga 1st inc 85 S A & A P 4s. ... 90
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8Vi South Pac 4s O5V4
Chi & Alton 8%s 85 South Ry 5s ....123
C B & Q new 4s.. 86 Tex & Pac lets. 122
CM& St P gen 4s.ll.1 T St L & W 4s.. 82Vi
Chi & Nw con 7s.l3S Union Pae 4s... .1061/4
C R I & P 4s 111% Union Pac con 4s. 107$
CCC& StL gen 4s.lft1 Wabash lets ....119%
Chi Term 4s »9V> Wabarh 2nds U2V,
Col & South 4b.. 05 Wabash deb B... 75%
Den & R G 4s 103% West Shore 4* 115%
Erie prior Hen 4s.' 09% W & L E 4s 95-
Krte gen 4b 87M- Wis Cent 4s 94
Ft W & D C 1st. 110% Con Tob^4s 66%
Hock Val 4^s.... H0V?i. / .
Total sales 320.500 .
"CLOSING BONDS.
U S Rubber pfd.... ....'. -'.{'.'. '.'.'.. 67
¥r : £ a St f l --l 10.300 . 40%, . 40 40%
US Steel pfd 3.600 .9$% 90<4 00%
Western Union 1.200. .91 90% 91
Am Locomotive. . .-. 2,800 ' *33% '' 82% 34%
A™ locomotive P' 12 -200 ' 94 91% 93%
v £ Southern.: 700 .-83% .82% 33%
K C Southern pfd. . 3.600 61% Cl% Cl
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
• Cherries were much weaker, as receipts were
heavy and there were- large quantities carried
over from the preceding day. Apricots were
easier,- -there being quite- a, few crates received,
from different points throughout the State. Cit
rus fruits were unchanged. •-¦.¦".
.STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 50 for Malindas; crates from
Florin; 50@00c. '•
RASPBERRIES — C0ig65c per drawer; crates
from Loomls, $1©1 50. ¦ - - • ¦
- BLACKBERRIES — In crates from Loomls,
$125. . /
,. GOOSEBERRIES— 20®25c • per drawer and
l%@2c in -bulk; English." per drawer and
in- bulk. ¦- .- -~ • ,
, CURRANTS — 50@75c per drawer.
¦ APRICOTS — $l-75@2 per crate; from Tuma,
$2 25 per crate. • '"- ¦ " : .
APPLES— $2@2 50 per box.
CHERRIES— White, 25@50c per box; in bulk,
2® le: Black. :J0@50c per box and 3®Cc in bulk.
FIGS — Black, from Tuma, $3 50 per box.
' CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $203 75
according to size and quality; Seedlings, $1 50
@2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25<$2 50: St.,
Michaels. • $1 60@2; Valencia*. $2 5O®3 50;
Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50@2; Tangerines, . in
quarter boxes, 50c@$l and $1 25@1 50 in half
boxes; Lemons. 75c@$l for common and $1 25®
1 79 for good to choice and $2#2 75 for fancy; j
Grape Fruit. 75c@$2; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; V
Bananas, $2 25@3 per bunch for New Orleans
and$2@2 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3@4
per' dozen. " . . ¦ '. ..".'"'
The demand for Berries was fair and attract
ive lots of all. kinds, except Gooseberries moved
off . welL Owing to the scarcity of labor at
"Watsonvllle ' and vicinity, 1 the picking- of Ber-.
ries is retarded and consequently many are
coming in overripe, which' accounts for the low
prices. Loganberries in small baskets sold at
12^-c and -a- few drawers that came in from
•Watsonvllle brought 50*355c per drawer.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
• PORTLAND. May 20.— Clearings, $36(3,266;
balances, $46,023. .* . • . >• - ¦• •-
TACOMA. May 29.— Clearings, $289,962; bal
ances. $5S,72C- ¦¦•¦-.. •
SPOKANE. May 29.— Clearings, $222,606;
balances. $45,654. \ .
• SEATTLE. May 29.— Clearings, $479,129;
balances. $106,374. . • . -
Northern Business:
country markets, steady; weather in England,
partly ciou#y. . - ¦/, "•-•¦ . ¦*."¦> '-', ¦ ¦
COTTON— Uplands, 5 5-32d. -. -"
inal. Jobbing grades in fair^requast ana steady.
State, common to good, '7@9%e;. prime, 9%@
10c;. choice. 10%@14c; fancy, lie.
Prunes are steady on all sides and the Job
bing and export movement moderately active.
In apricots a fair Inquiry is noted : for spot
and futures at steady prices. Peaches steady.
PRUNES— 3%@QYiC. ' ¦¦-"-¦¦ . ¦•. • : ;
APRICOTS— Boxed, lO9i@14c; • bags. 10%@
12c. < - •
• PEACHES— Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled. 8%@
10c. : •-;
' ' ' ' 9- ¦ ' ' ' ' — ? ¦ i ¦
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY ) 30, 1902;
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
11
STATIONS.
I |||f || if |
? ?2 S 3 : o * s
• 3 5 : : f
Bal
Cat
Eui
Fr«
Pot
R«K
TUM
Eac
i-s!
fcar
£. 1
Eu
Sea
£pc
Nei
\Va
¦\Vi!
toria ..'
ker :
rson ..:
treka I
esno :
agstaff 1
c-atello, Ida.:
iependence..:
¦ Angeles...:
steaix :
rtland
«i Bluff '.
iseburg !
cracw-nto !
It Lake !
n Francisco.:
L. Oblspc...
n Ditpo !
mle I
okane :
ah Bay J
alia Walla..
Innemucct. .
S0.C2 58 46 8W Rain
29.1)2 4S 44 IS'W Cloudy
.2W.74 66 4t5 W Clear ' O.OO
.30.14 t» 52 SW Clear 0.00
.29.84 88 52 NW Clear T.
.2».C0 74 3S W Clear 0.00
.29. 57 78 86 W Clear T.
.29.58 MS 54 \Y Clear 0.00
.2».W 70 54 W Clear 0.00
.20. SS 102 C8 IV Clear 0.00
.00.00 56 48 SE Cloudy 0.50
,23. U0 76 5ti SE Clear 0.0U
.30. OS 5S 48 W Cloudy T.
.29. »O 72 &0 S Clear O.OO
.2a. 50 88 00 S Clear O.OO
.S0.O0 60 52 W Clear 0.00
.29.96 70 42 W .Clear 0.0U
.2».*$ C2 68 W Cloudy O.OO
.29.{rt» 58 48 S\V Cloudy 0.08
.23.86 5C 52 S Cloudy T.
¦28.U4 52 62 \V Clondy 0.14
.29. M «52 52 S Pt Cldy T.
.29. tKi 74 52 SW Clear 0.00
STATIONS.
I |||f || if |
? ?2 S 3 : o * s
• 3 5 : : f
Bal
Cat
Eui
Fr«
Pot
R«K
TUM
Eac
i-s!
fcar
£. 1
Eu
Sea
£pc
Nei
\Va
¦\Vi!
toria ..'
ker :
rson ..:
treka I
esno :
agstaff 1
c-atello, Ida.:
iependence..:
¦ Angeles...:
steaix :
rtland
«i Bluff '.
iseburg !
cracw-nto !
It Lake !
n Francisco.:
L. Oblspc...
n Ditpo !
mle I
okane :
ah Bay J
alia Walla..
Innemucct. .
S0.C2 58 46 8W Rain
29.1)2 4S 44 IS'W Cloudy
.2W.74 66 4t5 W Clear ' O.OO
.30.14 t» 52 SW Clear 0.00
.29.84 88 52 NW Clear T.
.2».C0 74 3S W Clear 0.00
.29. 57 78 86 W Clear T.
.29.58 MS 54 \Y Clear 0.00
.2».W 70 54 W Clear 0.00
.20. SS 102 C8 IV Clear 0.00
.00.00 56 48 SE Cloudy 0.50
,23. U0 76 5ti SE Clear 0.0U
.30. OS 5S 48 W Cloudy T.
.29. »O 72 &0 S Clear O.OO
.2a. 50 88 00 S Clear O.OO
.S0.O0 60 52 W Clear 0.00
.29.96 70 42 W .Clear 0.0U
.2».*$ C2 68 W Cloudy O.OO
.29.{rt» 58 48 S\V Cloudy 0.08
.23.86 5C 52 S Cloudy T.
¦28.U4 52 62 \V Clondy 0.14
.29. M «52 52 S Pt Cldy T.
.29. tKi 74 52 SW Clear 0.00
AUCTION SALES
£* OCCIDENTAL » fc^
¦ iCM> HORSE EXCHANGE, -***
24C THIRD STREET; r . •
On MONDAY, June 2. I will Bell a Urge con-
signment of new and second-hand Carriages.
Coupes, two and three seaters. Camp Wagons,
Buggies. Carts.* Phaetons, etc. Also a few fine
Horse3," including Shetland Ponies.- *¦ . •'•¦ .
WM. G. LAYNO. Anctloneer.
£*> A CARLOAD £*
Of WELL BROKEN 1300-pound WORK
HORSES from HEILBRON & MEISS Ranches.
SIskiyou County, now on sale by . >
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. 1732 Market stTHE SA3SY FK AjSTCISCO : CALJi, -FRIDAY, >M AY 30, 1902.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALX..
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third- streets; open
until 12 o'clock every eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; opsn until 9:30 p. m.
«39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; ooen until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22«1 Market street corner Sixteenth;- open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9p.nL
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p.m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. . _
T. S Post Kt. — Repular assembly THIS "izr!**
(FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. RJ
All fraters courteously invited. By Htfjf
order of the Commander. ™
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. .
PA6T Masters' Association of California. •
F. and A. M.. will meet In St John's _J\.
Hall. Masonic Temple. SATURDAY lS3f
EVENING, May 31, at 7:30 o'clock. / >
for transaction of business. Commencing at
S o'clock REV. DR. J. NIETO will deliver
an address. There will also be vocal and
instrumental music. Master Masons are
earnestly and cordially invited. By Order of
the President. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge. U. D., F. and A. m
M.. Mowrye Hall, will meet THIS _ A_
'FRIDAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. jZJt
Third Degree. By order of the W. M. ' ~ .»
A. A, ANDERSON. Secretary.
BAN FRAXCIPCO Ter.t No.
\y K. O. T. M.— Review /2£&i~33i\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- H73 (gfcfcSS
ING at S o'clock. Pioneer tp3«J ®v**Jl
Hall. 24 Fourth st \Ma /fjk>**f
H. H. CASTLE. Xt§^5CKy
Record Keeper. NjjfcjsggJP^
THE Caledonian Club will holfl-its » \7&i
thirty-sixth crand annual cather- CJL Qdl
ing and games at Shell Mound "$g^xp
Park. FRIDAY. May 30. 1902. The
most renowned athletes from the East and
Pacific Coast will compete. Prizes amount-
Ing to over $3000 will be distributed. In ad-
dition to the above, a icold medal, valued at
$250, •will be awarded to the best player oa
the bagpipes of Scotch national airs, con-
sisting of olbrochs, inarches, strathspeys and
reels. Highland dancinc on platform by
lads and lassies In costume. Over 40 exciting
events on the programme! Get one. Full
band for pavilions. Dancing until 8 p. m. A
Scotch welcome extend od to al'. Buy round
trip tickets to Shell Mound Pane. Admission
to grounds, adults. 50c; children. 25c.
A. M. MacPHERSON. Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
THE Associated Veterans of the Mexi-AV^
can War will meet ax hall on MEMO-rmfe.%
RIAL DAY, at 9 a. m. . «XZW.
JOSEPH STEWART, President
WM. L. DUNCAN, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market st., San Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 26th day of May.
1902. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing 'year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GD3SON, Sec
. Office, 327 Market et, San Francisco. Cal.
The above meeting has been postponed
until Monday, June 2. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
AGENTS W-^yTEP'
WANTED — Two good piano salesmen. 235-237 '
Geary at.
, ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases: damages, estates, wills, mort-
gagee, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a. specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without auccess; established 16 yr*.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening: low fees;
all cages. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st •
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no feea in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call I
before buying: repairing, tires, bells. 301 '
Larkin, 305 Market, 1968 to 1974 Page.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
ROBISON'S BIRD ETORE— ™
S3S and 337 Kearny at
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS, DOGS, ETC. I
Largest and best appointed place In the country.
BOOKS. — NEW AND OLD. ;
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A PATRON invested $100 with us; hiTXverage •
dividends were $5 15 a week; In less than 3
five months he had drawn as much in divi-
dends as his principal; why not do the same •;
yourself? We guarantee you against loss; l
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a i
loss; we accept accounts as low as $10; divi-
dend for week ending May 24. $5 08; write -
or call for interesting literature. AMERI- 1
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION suite
615. Emma Spreckels building. •
A — RESTAURANT on Sixteenth St.. doing fine
business; owner -must go north; a bargain :
• • • Delicacy and dairy produce store in 3
busiest oarx of the city; large profits; fine
opportunity. • • • Branch bakery; north '•
of Market st; rent $14; established 4 years. •
• • • Call on JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Mar- •
ket et. 1
A — $400; CIGAR factory, retail store In front-
Iarre outside trade; old established; fine •
etock; must sell immediately; must be seen 1
I? J 3 ? "Wec'ated- P. S. DE LUCA & CO..
318 Kearny st. -
$S50; worth $1000— Lodging-house of 18 rooms;
gas ana bath; ail on one floor; furniture oak- '
IV 1 } £S, ; z tw -° prances. 805% Howard et *
and 202% Fourth st; owner leaving city.
Apply Mrs. Krause. No agents. j \
FOR sale at a sacrifice owing to the death of
?.*7! er .-,- cand >i icecream and notion atore. j
Call J3 t Sixth st. daily bet 2 and 4 p. m.
A— Hardware, paint and oil business In very ',
best town this State; nets $250 mo.: Invoice
my stock: no good will; snap rent See .
Hedges, 4C1-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market <
FOR SALE-j$400: cigar stand; billiard room; .
J££?E. le f V i n * stat t : must ««»: cl «"-« *so :
«S Call office*" 1OD P*™ 11 "* 1 - Box
$1000— PARTNER In manufacturing business,
wholesale and retail: purpose, to enlarge fac- "
0I £ : ii? agente - Fo »" particulars, box 505. *
Call office.
MECHANICS' bo&rdfne-house in manufactur-
ln ? d i s !£ ct: fu " of boarders; cheap reSt-
price $i>00. Eitel & CarrolL 1032 Market at \
Store, with large basement below Kearny. suit- -
able for bowllrg. games; lease. 636 Clay. r. 1. I
ROUTE in Western Addition: building up dl»-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
_J^gjP^£?fG^HOUSES FOR SALE. ]
B f ™?"& N * S i*?*, many E holce «n
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times: bona fide buyers are welcome to ln-
tpt-ctlon; kindly call at office
„,_ G. W. SCHWEINHARD. \
Phone jg&Sff* *• **" 5tb * Dd 6th -
01- « - SCHWETNHARD. ]
m 91 1 Market st. bet. 6th and 6th.
6 ROOMS: $25 cash, balance monthly $200
20 rooms; clears $60 " o<C{
18 roome; Just listed ....: ."* c50 *
12 rooms ; snap '.'." 4v> '
30 rooms; cleara $250; 1 nvestlgate". '. ! '. ' ' 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100... 1300
100 rooms: clears $600 ?""-•- J--W
40 rooms: $1000 cash, balance monthly' ->-Hia ]
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone JotaBM.
S06 Market cor. EIUs (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
A. CAMERON & CO., '
S30 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Room £ ZL a ' Phone Bu «* 328.
Ii you have hotels, rooming houses or bust- '
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call- we can '
eult you: have bargains In hotels, lodging-
houses, flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts
Money loaned. 1% per cent J
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and <
prices, in all parts of the city.
II rooms; good location; Al. furnished.. $850
20 rooms; tunny; good renter ago .
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200 1
11 rooms: downtown; good 700
15 rooms ; rent $37 50: make offer 900
Money loaned at H» per cent per month. :
100 ROOMS; country transient: low rent..$fiT.O0
300 rooms; corner house; for men 8000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location. 1500 '
J4 rooms; rent very low; bargain «00
40 rooms: man house; rent M5; bargain. 700 :
Money loanefi at 1 per cent
Hotels, roadhouses. flats, 6 to 200 rooms. ¦
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market at: 1
FOR sale — Fine location, 27 rooms, elegant car- ¦
pets and furniture; low rent; long lease. In- .
«ulre 217 Pc#t st ¦
T.nr»rji\"O houses for «s*t.*3— cn«.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
. ¦ business chances and real estate. .
We furnish vacant houses ' and , '
Loan money at lowest rates.'
Something new every day. j
• New houses to lease. \
MASON st. 10 rooma. $700; 8 r.. $475; 22 r.,
$1400; Kearny nt. 18 r., $1700: 21 r.. $1400.
These are all good paying places ;¦ 70 mora
bouses, south and north, at all prices;.- we
treat all customers best and honest as possl-
ble. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st. . t
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market st. (upstairs), near Call building;
good titles; easy terms; telephone Green 458;
big list hotels and lodging-houses.
FOR SALE — Lodging-house of 11 rooms; tran-
slent. 208 O'Farrell St. ¦ .
LODGING-HOUSE of 7 rooms, $iO0 cash and
$100 time; rent $15. 327% 3d St.; no agents.
SPIRITUALISM. •
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frl.. Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
BROCK WAY'S proof positive test seance.
Sun.. Wed. and Fri. nights: every one re-
ceives tests; 25c; readings daily. 1052 Ellis st.
PROF. HOLTMAN. medium ond gifted healer;
all diseases cured by his ' marvelous astro-
¦ psychic power: advice free. 1228 Market at
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
C. V. MILLER'S Decoration day materializing
seance to-day. 2 p. m.. 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. Harland's circle to-night; best tests.
10c; trance sittings, read., 50c. $1. 132 Sixth.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Clrcle3 Tues. and
Fri.. 8 p. m.; Wed., 2 p.m.; 10c; read, dally.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th.. nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.. 25c; readings dally.
EDWARD EARLE. 326 Ellis; readings dally;
phone I'olk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M«-y«r; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ______
60c, 50c.7T?326 — O'Farrell st — 326 50c. 50c
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE, .
The first registered as well as the first
graduate palmist and clairvoyant
ever in Ban Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE is, beyond the shadow of a
I doubt the most scientific practicing clairvoyant
nnd palmist In the world to-day; extraordinary
clairvoyant power, combined with his superior
! knowledge of occult forces, enables him to read
human destiny with unerring accuracy; his In-
formation and advice on marriages, divorce,
separations, love and family affairs, business
transactions, law suits, etc., are accurate and
truthful: he reunltea the separated, settles
lovers' quarrels, causes speedy marriages; lo-
cates hidden treasures and mines by a new
method; advises you as to whether or not you
will be successful in mining or in business;
oftentimes, by good advice, he gives you back
your lost nerve and energy, no matter what
trouble you may have; call and he will help
you. Palmistry taught, mediumlstic persons
developed: 5 questions answered by mail, 50c.
326— O'FARRELL ST.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description Of the oast reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. . If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
SPECIAL — 25c readings, one week; first visit
to your city: clairvoyant, palmist, astrologlst.
card and trance reader: this medium has no
equal in telling Dast, present, future: gives
names, dates and facts: tells what you came
for without your saying a word; who and
when you will marry, with proper advice;
evil influence Is removed; separated . united ;
happy and speedy marriage to your choice
In 9 (Jays; teaches occult science: elves satis-
faction or no Day: hours 10 to 8 dally and
Sunday. Parlors 1010 Mission St., nr. Sixth.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gyp^y clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. in. to
5 p. m. ; readings- by mail na satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5: send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, -wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bcrn .with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles5Oc,
gents$l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
25c — A $1 reading this week only for 25c: ad-
vice on love and all business affairs. MME.
J. J. LYONS, 1016 Market, rooms 8 and 9.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dimo and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
st, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor St., clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names :50c-$l;10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth at
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for $1. 1008^ Market, op. 6th.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life, readings 50c. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychtet;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk Et.
Mme. Marceau. card reader & clairvoyant; la.
6 gents 25c. 1601 Mission; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents. 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth t>t
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Irg Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kleinert 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
MODERN Co.; lowest rates for machine clean-
lng. Phone Mint 301. Office 923 Mission st.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. , G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 8th at. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th at; teL Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless eucces&ful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
\ . COTTAGES TO LET.
$16 — SUNNY cottage; 5 rooms; large basement;
yard. 137 Dolores st. near Fifteenth.
EDUCATIONAL. —
HEALD" S SC^O^L^F^eXeCTRICA^T^NGiI
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop -work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post at, S. F. ;
catalogue free. .:•.'.. ( U
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April ; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
n«s College, .1236 Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where by official court reporters
1382 Market st ;
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses ; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. •
PRIVATE lessons in German. Polish and
French. MME. A. v. RADOSZCWSKI, 235
Seventh. st. ': . • . '
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
St., for their new catalogue; It is free and the
nlceat in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.minlng, mech.aur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton,, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring; aummer term ahorthand,
bookpg., penmanship; poelt'n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
¦modern 'methods; positions for all graduates-
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
LEARN ad. writing; terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery at.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th'
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo!
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme*
Carusl. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN, free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo
by taking 20 lessons. 50c lesson. 1484 Market*.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
- etc; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlaalon. nr.Othl
: EDUCATION A 1^ — Conttnaed. ¦
ACTING, elocution, j specialties ; Hallet School :
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell St. .
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally,
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery at.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar." Prof. MERKI. good
teacher, 100S Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F. ;
founded 1803; new 80-page catalogue free.
.1,^ DENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. r/ 7; Flood bldg. ; extractions done paln-
ltssly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crt-wns $3 50 up; plntes, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours 9 a. ml to 9 p. m. ; Sundays..
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st.. cor. Mason—.
Expert painless extractors y skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings; 50c;
rlates. $5. full set; all work rainless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kep.rny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. S4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
SET of teeth wttho\it platr. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk at. ___.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
' 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 7S Rausch at. nr. 7th & Howard.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 PowelI,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand- Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock- 1
ton; tel. Grant J.6S; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411M O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 51C.
JAP reliable housecleanlng cooks, waiters on
short notice. 129.3 Page st; tel. Fell 8501..
CHINESE and Japanese help:. estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 6iO Clay.
RELIABLE Japaaiese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED — FEMALE.
LADY wishes plain sewing and mending to
do at home. Please call i'7% Fourth st,
room 2.
AN elderly woman wishes position niore for a
home than wages; good cook; references; no
cards answered. 319 Minna st
GERMAN laundress wishes work by the day;
$1 50 per day. Address, 48% Seventh st,
shoe store. '
WANTED — Positions by man and wife; wife Is
a good cook and experienced In general
houeework; man good driver and thoroughly
understands care of horses ; ! handy man
around private place; city or country. Box
484. Call office. -
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch; good references.
MRS. FAIRBANKS. Cotatl. Sonoma Co.
WANTED — Hemstitching to work at home; 30c
a yard. Call or address 1126 Twenty-third
avenue. Oakland; tel. Ash 761.
GOVERNESS' position wanted by a lady of
education and .refinement; kindergarten and
music specialties: best Eastern and State
references; no objection to country. H. K.,
Box 63. Frultvale. Cal. - - . • . . ¦
SWEDISH lady wishes position as working
housekeeper; city or country; best of refer-
ences. Box 427. Call office.
SPANISH Castile woman, first-class cook,
wishes situation: city, $35; country, $40.
Please rail 1005 Polk at. -
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free i
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200.Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. . ¦ ¦ - ,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION wanted: young man, graduate of
business college, office experience, good pen-
man and accurate at fisures; strictly, tem-
. perate and best of references from past em-
ployers. R. F. MERRITT," care Y. M. C. A.
YOUNG man, 24, English* respectable appear-
ance, good habits and very willing, wishes
employment: city or country.- E. II.. box
53H. Call office.
BLACKSMITH, all-round machinist and ham-
mersmith, Juet from the East, wants work;
no objection to leaving the city. Address
DAVID BAIN. Alta House. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED salesman and drummer would
like position; references furnished. Box 021,
Call office.
GERMAN gardener: handy with tools, gasoline,
engine and horses; can milk; on private
place; Pity or country. Box 520. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a" first-class clyinder
and platen pressman; city or country. Ad-
dress box 532. Call office.
SITUATION by coachman; can milk cow; good
references; city or country. ' Bpx 529. Call.
YOUNG man lately from Germany wishes a
light position where he can attend evening
school; moderate wages. Please address or
call -1309 Stockton st.
"MAN from the State of Maine, Just arrived,
wants a position as clerk or head waiter In a
first-class country hotel; best of references.
Address JAMES. 500 Geary St.. S. F. '
FIRST-CLASS stenographer desires position;
5 years' experience; references furnished.
Address box 560. Call- office.
FIRST-CLASS cutter, experienced In cents'
and ladles' garments, sneaking; French, Ger-
man and English, wishes situation. Apply
CHRISTEN, 472 Thirteenth st, Oakland.
JAPANESE young boy wants situation as
echoolbo'y: understands English well. YO-
SHIDA. 521 Jessie St. • . .
CHINESE first-class cook wishes position as
such in first-class hotel, city, country or
springs. 13 Waverly place.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . ¦ .
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted- for service's. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
JUST finished and for rent six beautiful up-to-
date six and seven room flats; rent $35 to $45.
Apply to owner, premises, west aide Stelner;
south of Waller; Haight-st car. ¦ ,
NEW, Jiist comnleted, modern flats, 4 and 5
rooms and bath; Stockton and Lombard sts.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
$22 50— SUNNY flat, 5 large roomn, bath and
pantry: fine view; healthy • location. 527 J'.
Thirteenth st.
GOLDEN GATE ave... 975, opp. Jefferson Sq. —
Upper sunny modern fla£ of 5 rooms and bath.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2833 and 2829 Washington st. , ¦ ,
$18 — NEARLY new lower flat, 5 rooms, bath,
yard. 230 Chattanooga st, near Twenty- third.
TENTH, 435— Flat •« rooms, bath and laundry.
FLAT of 3 large rooms. 29 Rlngold- st, bet
Eighth and Ninth, off Folsom.
$10 — 1328 Jessie; sunny flat, 3 rooms, on Her-
mann st. bet. Valencia and West Mission.
HAYES," 88714 — Flat of 3 rooma anil bath-
yard; rent $8. : ¦ y ,' . . . •
FILBERT, 1106 — Sunny upper flat; 6 rooms and
bath.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison — Lower flat
of four rooms; sunny.- • . ' -. -.- .
$30 — FINE flat of 6 rooms, bath and basement.
1420 Green Et., near. Van Ness, ave.- -
UPPER 4-room flat and bath; rent $15/ 330
Tehama st. ... • .''¦,-
TWO nice new sunny flats. 1112-1114 Fell st,
near Scott; north , side street. ; .-.¦.',
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
¦ 16 pages: in wrapper for mailing.' $1 per year. .
FLATS TO ; LET— FURNISHED.
3 ROOMS and bath; gas range; -sunny side;
complete for hakper. • 622 •; Golden ' Gate ave.
VERY convenient 4-room flat;, bath; gas;
¦ reasonable. Inquire 1090 Valencia st.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517—4 rms. ;bath; gas range;
¦ garden; $25; lower flat, 2, rms.; $12 50; 1 to 4.
HOWARD. ¦ "2726 — 5 rooms and . bath; ' piano;
sunny yard; $28: references. 1 .-;...' .;
/FLATS FOR SALE— -FURNISHED.
FOR sale — Fine sunny furnished 7-room flat; no
agents. 355 Polk at.
, ¦:¦ FURJflTURE ! FOR SA1.E. .
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, . $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
BARGAIN — 2 - good bicycles,' high gear; alno
•¦ rooming-house. 6 rms.. all rented. 874 Howard.
FURNITURE WASTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; 8pecial
reasona. 8. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner big.
A. .WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove;' you will
never wear others ; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
i HELP AVANTED FEMALE. - -
AT C. RTHANSEN & CO.'S^. Phone Grant 185
We have 100 choice positions for waitresses, .
. chambermaids to wait, laundresses, cooks,
' for city, country, spring and resort hotels,
at. the highest wages; also 100 positions for
house girls,' nurse girls, second girls, cooks,
city and country, at going wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Opposite Calif ornla Hotel, bet ¦ Kearny.' and
_j__, Grant aveQ ." ¦; :
A FORELADY who understands marking and
distributing for a laundry; $10 week to start.
¦ Apply. . . . ¦ : -
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel, bet; Kearny and
• Grant ave.)
25 WAITRESSES: resorts, commercial and
city hotels; $25 and $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY ..335 Geary
WOMAN for chamberwork and assist pantry
work; resort; ?25.
MRS. M. E.. DAY 335 Geary
WOMAN cook: few boarders...... .;...... $30
MRS. . M. E. DAY: ¦ .335 Geary
WOMAN dishwashers: small restaurant, Oak-
land; $6 week; no Sunday work. .
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
: - Phone Main 1191.
2 girls, private families 1 ....... .$20
10 cooks, summer resorts $25 to $40
-'5 waitresses, summer resorts $20 to $30
4 chambermaids, summer resorts. ..... : . . . .$15
5 charmbermaids and do waiting... $20 to $25
2 girls, hotel laundry. . . ." $20
3 girls for hospital: .$15
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS. & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR.. DAVIS. :
YOUNG lady to keep simple books and attend
to office; hours 9 to 5;. salary $5 per week
and lunch. Address, by letter only, F.
GOQDBAN, 1117 Van Ness av.e. • ¦
WANTED— Young lady assistant In office of
wholesale house; salary $25. Address, with
reference, box 531. Call.
GIRL for general housework; 2 in family; good
cook; wages $30. Call 10 to 11; Hotel Pleas-
anton. 800 Sutter at. corner Jones.
FIRST-CLASS waist finishers; also sleeve
flnlshera wanted. COX, 1514 Pine at.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Call 10 Pratt
place, off California; near Stockton. .
GIRL for general housework; 3>ln family; good
wagea. 775 Halght st.
YOUNG girl; light housework: 1 child; sleep
home. 105 California Market; restaurant -
GIRL for chamber work. 434 Fifth at
WANTED— Experienced Jacket and skirt hands
on alteration work. ¦ Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private- customers: hairdressing,
manicuring, massage, • halrwork taught ' In 2
weeks; price $3 60; employment guaranteed:
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
' WANTED— A lady; good penman; correct at
figures;. some knowledge of bookkeeping and
stenography. Apply, with particulars and
wages expected, box ,482, Call. .
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, halrwork; splendid position In stores
' and 'with private customers. $60 to $75 mo.: 2
weeks- $5; day, eV. classes. 1230 Market, r. 94.
A WOMAN ' accustomed to handling country
trade; must have fair education and business
training. Box 514, Call office.
WANTED— Girl' to run buttonhole machine.
SAN FRANCISCO M'F'G. CO.. 023 Market.
A GIRL for general housework; no -washing.
117 Clipper st; bet. 25th and 26th. . V
AN experienced saleswoman accustomed to
meeting women of refinement .'¦ Box 483, Call.
Al CUTTER wanted on cloaks. Address box
513. Call., "¦
WANTED— Lady barber: also apprentice.' Call
_MRS. HAYES, 428 Sixth sf - ' . ¦ . .
OPERATORS on ladles' waists; good pay. 650
Mission st.' third floor.,
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist light house-
work; wages. $10; good. home. 77%" Fourth at
First-class experienced stenographer and type-
' writer. Give qualifications, box , 566, Call.
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 per week;
evening class. 233 Geary at, rooms 13-15.
PANTS operators wanted by 8. N. ' WOOD &
CO.' Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced shirtmakers. EAQ-
LESON & CO., 535 Market at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmor».
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. 6
HELP AVANTED — MALE.~~
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
59 3d at., near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
f ,• ... .Teamsters and laborers for railroad. . . .
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free fare Free fare
' Office fee $lj no other expenses......
100 teamstera $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men ........ $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
Mendoclno County..' Big sawmill
50 railroad laborers.. $26 per month & board
12 sawmill and woodsmen . . .
$26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY.. FARE ADVANCED
FOR LUMBER WOODS ....... : . .
2 barkers $40 per month and board
2 crosscutters .....$40 per month and board
2 chaintenders .... $40 per month and board
4 barkpeelers ..... $45 per month and board
2 jackscrewers ..... $40 per month and board
¦ 2 head tree fellers.. $50 per month and board
6 swampers ....... $35 per month and board
:.. FOR SAWMILL T
2 head setters $3 per day
. 10 lumber pliers;.... $40 per month and board
. 5 carpenters, company work, long Job......'.
$3 50 per day
5 structural steel men ........ $3 50 per day
Patternmaker, ironworker, fare paid. ..;.....¦
.$4 50 per day
I.... RANCH HANDS
- 2 teamsters, ranch, $35 per month and found;
• 10 men to pick cherries, $1 day and board:
1 50 hay hands, $1 25 to $1 50 per day and
board ; 'man and I wife, [ small ¦ ranch, $46 per
month; camp waiter, $25 per ¦ month; 5
women to' pack fruit, $1 25 per day. ;
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 628 Clay.
Phone Main 1191. - - ,
500 teamstets, concretemen, rockmen, steam
shovel dumpers .....$2 25. to $2 50
FREE FARE, TO-DAY. ,
To Wadsworth, Rokeby, . Battle Mountain. .
Palisade and Carlln. Ship direct. Fee $1 00.
175 railroad men; S.'P. Co.'a own work, sec-
tion andsextra gang '.
Coast road ; free fare .-.
To San Luis Oblspo, Edna. Cuesta. Goleta,
Spense, Bradley and San Andro. . .. .'
10 men for Santa Fe co. work..; $175
35 boys to learn trades. .... .$4 to $9 a week
21 laborers;, mine. '. .$2.a day
10 carmen; mine.' .$2 a day
t 19 miners; south. X .'.$2 to $2 50 a day
I 18 quarrymen ................:.... .$2 a day
' .4 boys for drug store' ......... .$5 per week
2 blacksmiths .$3. per day
¦ 3 blacksmiths' helpers. .......... :$2 per day
1 Iron molder. ................... :$3. per day
5 pick and shovel men ;.. .... .$1 25 and found
13 laborers and miners, . San . Benlto Co. ....
. .'........ j ..$2 to $2 50 per day
Cooks, waiters; etc.. city and country.'.".-...
10 wood choppers... ........... $2 50 per cord
4 men to clear land. $30 per acre
1 bus driver, r. ............. .'. .$30 and found .
2 porters, city. ...$20 and board
Many other" positions; call and see our bul-
letlns. . ¦ .. . ' . . . : . . •
10 CARPENTERS for city and country, $3 50
to $4' day; 2 furnace men, $60 and board,
and 2 helpers, $45 and board, see - boss here >.
: this mornlnr; mill men; $2 75 and' $3 day;
; laborers for . mill -and woods, mines, : quar-
ries, etc., $2 day and $35 and $45 month
and board; farmer and wife, $50; 2 men
about nlace. • $25 and $30; farmers, milkers. .
' choremen and olhers. J.' F. I CROSETT & ¦
CO., 628 ' Sacramento at.
ANDRE'S Office.- 316 Stockton at, closes 2 p.
m. 'to-day — Second cook, $60;; ; cook, small
country resort. $40; waiter for springs, $25;
camp waiter, $25; several dishwashers, $15 to
$30; cook on a ranch, $25; teamsters for
ranch, $1, $1 25 a day: , assistant gardeners, ,
$1 a day; boy. to 'run elevator, $20;, bell boy,
:,$15;etc.- ..-;:.'-:'¦":' ¦..¦.,-¦ ¦ -¦'¦'¦¦..
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
Phone Main 1191. >
6 tiemakers, Mendooino Co $35 and found :
4 tie sledders, Mendoclno Co.. $40 and found
13 tiemakers. Mendocino ; Co . . 12 . to ' 18c each
A MEAT and pastry cook- for mountain reaort;
$*!0 and 565; fares paid ; see j party • here. .
MRS. M. E. DAY:.. ..335 Geary.
A — ........ FREE — TO-DAY— FREE ........
MURRAY & .READY.. ..634 and B36 Clay st.
..... ...Phone Main 5848
..Leading. Employment, and Labor Agents. .'.
.... ....Office Oden 7 a, m... .........
Come get our 1 dally lifetof 9203 places In all
parts of California, Oregon, Utah, Nevada.
Arizona, Hawaiian Islands. Washington,
British Columbia and other States. ...:.....
;¦••'• ...Free Fare To-Day to ..
Reno, Vista Delta; Elko, Iron Point, Wads-
worth; Rokeby, Battle Mountain and all
other Nevada and Salt Lake divisions, points
where railroad work is being done for S. P.
/and C. P. R. R., for good help, as
555 laborers. .. . ., 187 drillers
555 teamsters ..,:.......... 187 hammersmen
(5!) plow, holders. . ..... ......... .6 stonemasons
• (S8 car dumpers . . . .'. . . . '. .36 concrete laborers
- Wages $2, $2 25. . $2 50. $2 75. , $3, $3 25,
$3 50, $3 75, $4 day........:.....!.....
.Crowds going.. Free fare;. —¦.-. .Are you
Office fee only $1 .......... No other expenses
20 MEN ARIZONA 20 MEN
20 teamsters In mining district of Arizona
and 2 blacksmiths. .$2 and fd., $60 and fd.
.......... MECHANICAL HELP ......
Blacksmith, no shoeing, $2 50 to $3 day; 19
blacksmiths and 12 helpers, located all . over
California, '$3 50, $3. $2 50. $2 day, 'some for
. shops, , sawmills, camps, mines, etc. ; 12 car-
penters, city and country Jobs, $90; 3 rough
carpenters, sawmill, boss here, $60 and fd.: 6
brick molders; 3 coopers; harness maker for
ranch; house painter, country Job, private
corporation work, $3 day; 2' lead burners,
$3 50 day; fireman, $2 50 ¦ day, and . many
other mechanics
. .'. .SAWMILLS, WOODS, YARDS, ETC
..WE PAY YOUR FARES— SHIP DAILY..
286 men to do laboring work, no experience
required, you'll suit, for general work in
'.mills, yards, wharves, woods, etc., wages $30,
$35, $40 and fd.. steady Jobs and you will be
advanced. In work and wages if you prove sat-
isfactory, exceptionally good mills: 12 men
to pile lumber, call early, $C0;' 30 men to
pile lumber, $30, $35 and fd.; drag sawyer;
25 men to work In woods, $35 and fd. up; 5
rough carpenters, $60 and f d. ; 5 crosscut, saw-
yers, $40 and found: 12 barkers, $40 and fd.;
23 Jackscrewers, $45 and fd.; 19 chain tend-
ers, $45 and fd. ; 5 setters, $3 day; 5 graders:
5 gang edgermen, $65 and f d. ;i 3 trimmers, $50
and found, and all other classes of help used
In mills, yards, wharves, woods, etc., wanted,
located from the peaks of Shasta. Mountain
to the bay of Santa Barbara, from San Ma-
teo County to the Nevadas on the east, and
. other States . w .
• GOLD AND SILVER
¦.... OTHER MINES
28 laborers, no experience required, various
, mines, $40, $45 and found, some $60
6 miners, north, 8 'hours.;... ...$90
10 laborers, mining company, first-class Job
. • • • • .' $50 and found
20 muckers for various mines .$75
19 miners, various mines . . . :
.....'..........$70 and foundand $90
.................. ALSO
.139 haymakers and mowers, $35, $40 and fd.
286 farmhands, vineyard, orchard,- etc. .....
86 -cheese and butter makers and milkers,
etc. :..... .$35 and found
15 fruit pickers
..2 milkers. Oregon, fares paid
....385 LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS
Legated in San Francisco , and all Over Cali-
fornia, many factory, and manufacturing
places, $2, $2 50 day, come, select place; 5
men and wives for ranches; teamster, lumber
wagon, $15 week, city Job; 35 ranch teamsters,
$35 and found; man in city' warehouse. $14
week; 20 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers,
; coachmen, gardeners and general choremen
around private residences. $25, $30, $35 and
found, $50, $60; hay balers; 29 choremen and
boys for ranches, etc.; 19 , boys to learn
trades; 29 section hands, S. P. R. R.; 1S6
. acraper teamsters; 69 laborers for brick
yards, etc..
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 bakers, country JoBs. ...$45 and $50 and fd
3 bakers', helpers {
• ••••'.. 6 porters, bell and 'elevator boys
46 cooks for • hotels, restaurants, cafes,
saloons, ranches, camps, mines, hay presses,
etc., $75; $65. $60, $50, $45. $35. $30, $25
and found. ;
j 26 dishwashers.. $15. $20. $25. $30. $35and fd
36 waiters. $25, $30, $35, $40 and found
2 Janitors, $40 2 butchers
'....For all other- help come see our list....
1001 WE GAVE. MURRAY & READY,
37.000 MEN WORK...... 634-636 Clay st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
— Night clerk, $15; pantryman. $25; bell boy,
$18; porter, $25; laundryman, $30; bar porter,
$25. . -¦¦
WANTED — Experienced - domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.. 1 at HALE
BROS.' - /
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
crockery and glass ware wrapper. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'.
WANTED — 'Boung man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Young, unmarried man. thoroughly
understanding dry goods business, for large
interior department store; salary $75 per
month; references required. Address box 523.
Call office. , •'¦ .
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in light business;
_ $18 to $2o a week; no night or Sunday work-
duties light and easily learned: trial given
before bflylng. 25 Geary at, room. 1.
WANTED — A thoroughly competent gardener
(unmarried) for a gentleman's place In San
- Mateo County: state names of previous em-
ployers, age, etc. Add. T. C. box 530, Call.
%ANTED — Salesman for retail tea and coffee
business; one experienced in selling groceries
and crockery preferred; steady position to
right party. Box 481. Call office.
WANTED— Strictly sober, reliable young man
with $125, cash; light contracting business;
no experience necessary; pays $70 month; 30
.¦ days' trial. BROWN & CO., 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Honest man with $90 to take cash
.. in restaurant; $40- month. BROWN & CO
1221 Market st.
WANTED— Shipwrights. Navy Yard. Puget
Sound; pay from $2 80 to $4 per diem. Apply
in person Board of Labor Employment, Navy
Yard. Puget Sound. Wash.
YOUNG man to work on books and bills; must
£ av £ a 8 ?, 1 ?/ ex P er 'ence. Apply after 8 a. m..
C. NAUMAN & CO.. 508 Sansome st.
WANTED— A No. 1 all around tailors; $18 and
$-0 *er week. Apply or come at once, N.
DAVIS, Truckee. Cal.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
assist In light work; will pay $G5 per month'-
must have $100. 765 Market st, room 3.
CLERK for grocery .store: experienced man
only. NW. cor. Fulton and Webster ats.
ACTIVE; reliable young man to work in fac-
tory; good wagea. Call to-day. 322 Davis at-
WANTED^-Experienced solicitors for Oakland-
aalary and commission, 810 San Pablo ave.
COOK, wanted. 3100 Fulton St., corner Seventh
avenue. ¦ ¦ . . , . .
BOV,to drive wagon; experienced. ROBERTS
come* Polk and Bush sts. ¦ •
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
132 Pacific street; eood wages. •
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps U
S. navyj'ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to rpeak and read English. For
J£« ther^ nf £f matlon fepply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. .
WANTED — Salesman for general store in the
country; one who has had experience in dry
goods, fancy goods, etc.; state references,
which must be unexceptional as to character
and ability. Address box 486. Call office.
EXPERIENCED entry clerk in wholesale
house; must be good and rapid penman and
quick at figures; applicants failing to "Vive
references . not considered. Box • 518. Call.
BOY to -assist in" shipping department whole-
cale house: must reside with parents; state
agi> and give references In making appllca-
tlon. Address box 517. Call pfflct. pp " ca
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to /know
that I'M Rolkin.~Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 'large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to~$2 per week.
MEN to. learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8. weeks: tools donated-
catalogue free. MOHLER'S BARBER COI^
LEGE, 635 Clay st. v-w^-
WANTED— 2 young men: good references-
hours 0 to 12 p. m. ; apply by letter onlv'
¦•¦: BACIGALUPI.- 840 Market, at. ' y '
FIRST-CLASS 2-chalr barber shop for sale in
San Jose. -• Inquire G. DRAGVEITCH 140
Fowell st. S. F., or of STOLTZ. ' . '
BARBEft shops and rooming houses supplied
•with towela, 40c per 100. Yosemlte Towel
Supply Co., 708 McAllister; phone Kate 26.
WANTED — A thoroughly competent and-expe-
rlenced salesman for retail boys' and chll-
. dren's"clothlnar. Address box 415, Call.-
BOYS -wanted. Apply. California Barrel Fac-
'.. tory, Twenty-second and Illinois sts. '
WANTED— An all-round Jeweler. Apply J. N
PHILLIPS, ", 627 J st. Sacramento. '
.WANTED — Good, barber; steady Job; $15 week
J.J. SCHNEIDER. San Rafael; tel. Red lo!
SHOEMAKER, with $650; to buy a shoe atore
- and shop; owner going north:. 229%" 4th st.
WHEELWRIGHT <¦ wanted. 1522 , San Bruno
1 -.road: • » ... ., .
SHOEMAKER wanted « on repairing ; steady
_ work. 621, Sacramento at. ' ,.
WANTED— An experienced plumbing ¦ Jobber
J.L.VBOWEN & SON. 533 Mission at
BARBER— For sale, 2-chalr shop. Inquire 402
Brannan. st; near Third. ." . .
WANTED-^-Saleaman on genta* - furnishing
goods. -535 .Valencia. . . .,*
WANTED— Boy for wholesale houae: chance to
¦¦;¦.-: advance. Box ' 1745. , Call office.
BARBER shop and-! laundry office. , with . two
fr. living rooma; rent $10. 921-; Harrlaon at.' ¦
ALL' sizes men's ahoes; slightly damaged half
.;; price." : 563 Mission st.,' bet: 1st and 2d sta.
HELP ¦ ,\VANTEb-^-MALE-^-Con. _
. AT C. R.- HANSEN & CO.'S. 429 Bust St./
between ' Kearny and Grant ave.
. Free fare ...;.. Free fare
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
1 Ship to-day ........ r. ....'. . Ship to-day
FOR NEVADA.
500 teamsters .$2 .and $2 25 a day
500 laborers ...52 a day
500 rockmen ?2 25 a day
500 concrete men ...% ?2 25 a day
1 - FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
500 tunnelmen. drillers, muckers and outside
laborers, $1 75 to $3 a day.
> SHIP TO-DAY.
1 Free fare Free fare
% ' ' ¦ ¦ — — \
3 10 caoentera. company work, country, 53 a
,' day; 10 structural steel men, country, $3 50
a day; 6 blacksmiths, country. $2 25 to $2
1 a day: 20 farmers, milkers, choremen ana
1 others. $30 to $35; 20 laborers, country saw-
I mill, *2 to S2 25 a day; 20 laborers, near
City, $2 a day.
• ¦ HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Second cook $50, third cook $35. for railroad
) eating-house,' Arizona, free fare; 6 second
- cooks, fryers and broilers. $60 to $70; 10
. waiters, country hotels. $25 to $35; 20 dish-
washers, kitchen hands and others.
1 .Opposite California Hotel.
( ' C R. HAXSEN & CO ...429 Bush st.
[ WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
I S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard St.
' 2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40, Phelan
! big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
\ 50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
' SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and I
I Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
i GET your ahcos half-soled while waiting! 25c
1 to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
;. WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Marl
kr,t — 200 rooms. 25c night; r*adlng-room3; free
: *bus and baggage to and from ferry.
[ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
j Valencia st. •
1 H? R 5 ES AKP WAGONS.
THREE well-matched stylish carriage teams.
average weight 2500 pounds: perfectly traln-
; ed: two coal black teams, stand 16:3 hands.
1 avera^j weight 2450; six work horses, average
1 weight 14C0. and six fine large driving horses.
1 Just from the country: these are all well
I broken: trials given. Call at OCCIDENTAL
HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G. LAYNG. Pro-
fprietor. 246 THIRD ST. formerly 721 How-
I ard at.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
I 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOTLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale— One team 7-year-old. Jet black, well
matched horses, weiging about 140O pounds
each. For further information apply to J.
; B. COSTA. Duttons Landing, Cal.
> BIG ranch horse, $30; single truck harness,
$15; strong fruit wagon, flOO; buggy. 70
City Hall ave.
YOU can find what you want In the horse lln<?
at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
: fct.. near Third; phone Main 1150.
( FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
I aeveral fine road and business horses new
: buggies and harness. 1498 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College— Fourth ees-
slon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
1 FOR sale — A bay' mare: sound. New Post-
offlce Stable. Jessie, bet. 6th and 7th.
, FOR sale — Team first-class work hones. J.
SULLIVAN. 200 Sagamore St.. Ocean View.
1 Largest stock 2d-hand wagons buckboard. sur-
: rey.harness, work, driving horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st
- HOUSES TO LET.
' A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$30 — SUNNY modern 2-story bay-window house
;. of 7 rooma and bath. 720 Broderlck st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house to rent for months June
and July; piano and telephone; terms mod-
erate to responsible parties. Apply at 2526
Washington st. f '
; HOUSES TO LET — COUNTRY.
! MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms.
" bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
. LOST AND . FO UNO.
LOST — Purse containing currency and some
-sliver by. lady who cannot afford the loss;
liberal reward. Address with particulars, box
533. Call office. * ' * .-
LOST — Thursday • morning, lady's gold watch,
initials O. B. on cover. Return C. L. GRA-
BER, 111 EIUs st: liberal reward.
STRAYED — Half- grown black spaniel dog pup;
j short tall. Return to 3S59 Twenty-first st.
j and receive reward of $2 50. -
LOST— Plain gold ring on Market St.. bet.
Fourth and Ninth; Initials G. C. L. L. in-
side. 312 Minna st: reward;
1 LOST — Between Oakland and San Francisco,
purse and $85. May 24; reward. M. J.
KELLER. Oakland. ;
LOST— "Lady's gold watch. No. 222,506; liberal
reward. 21 Taylor at. '¦'»"''
LOST — On train between Sausallto and San
Rafael, lady's purse, containing $26. Finder
please return to MRS. . A. M. PlNGREE,
Corte Madera. Marln County; reward.
LOST — An Elk's tooth, mounted, between
Shrader st and Metropolitan Temole. Re-
turn to 61 Spring Valley bldg.: reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old gold
and sliver to make new watch caaea. :
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. • HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
: st; tel. Bush 421. . ¦
Brass, Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F. Hotter. 721 Mission; tel.Maln 730.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mcln-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
COLLEGE kennels has 8 head of dogs, .which
- must be sold for board; also a fine stock of
doga and pups of all descriptions; can ' be
bought on your own terms. . 115 Halght at,
phone Fell 6811. .
A— BUYS, sells. or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear St.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
. and pool tables; easy, terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Coilender Co., 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$250; 'will sell if taken at once' for $90 cash;
bust 38; a rare bargain. Box 569, Call office.
FOR sale — The Irish Fair Merry -Go-Round;
sure money. McGUIRE & HASWELL, 1418
Market st. ¦ •
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps. -wood and Iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE; 130 Beale st.
A — NEW bicycle for sale. Call Friday, Satur^
. day evening or Sunday. 1429 Webster st.
DOORS and windows cheap. J. E. WHIT-
TIER CO., Eighteenth and Folsom ats.
CANARIES — 25 for sale cheap: both male and
female. Call to-day at 328 Seventh st.
COCKER spaniel puppies for sale cheap. 1165
Market st. .
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia at., cor. 15th.
8000 FEET 2 to C inch pipe, with screw. lead or
flanged Joints. THOMPSON. 40 Main at.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. .
5 DOLLARS— Singer sewing machine; good or-
der. 1571 Market at. near Twelfth. .. , . /
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Eaclgalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
SAfpS— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machinery.englnes and boilers
go .to D.J.McMastert.SE.cor.2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD &.BRECK. 131 Post st
.>,' MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Heavy power or : punching out
prtss. MOISE-KLINKNER CO aw T San-
some st, ';".'..¦
BI , a ,, pr i ce8 pa 4 & r »ealsWn coats; also gents'
¦ &U '*"?« 5? d u Tu « do suits.. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins ;
send postal ; will call, y Box 4060. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 gth St.; tel. Jesale 2851;
Wanted-^d-hand electric motors* all sizes, any
; condition. FarnsworthElectriealWka.ils T«rt
MEDICAL.
A DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist.— Ladles all who are sick or In trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: tho unfortunate helped: relief 'n all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated.
have relieved thousands of. most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all sjjW^* 3
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NFLL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladies'
specialist: Instant relief guaranteed: home In
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
1008% Market st. opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS DR. WYETH — Well-known ladles* spe-
cialist: 30 years* experience: private home in
confinement. Moved to 72S Post st. nr. Jones.
MRS. SWEET. «06 Guerrero, nr. 18th St.. a
. graduate of Royal University. Berlin, has
years' experience- in midwifery cases: all wno
are sick or In trouble consult • ne . to ? f °y o * o i n , e *
elsewhere: takes ladles before and during^ con.
flncment: best motherly care; Infants a d °P}ed .
confinements. $15: room & »>oard $5 week.
2 to help for room and board. Tel. Blue 411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable specjal-
lst; maternity hospital; home for Infants freo.
fee low. 900 Market st. opp. Emporium.
MRS.. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladi'S'
specialist; a private homo before and during
confinement; best medical care; low tees.
LADIES— Kumrond Is safe & sure: never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearoy.
DR ROSEN. 1007& Market st., near S«?t h .
treats ladles only; relief In all cases taken.
LADIES— "Neverfale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR ANDr MRS. DAVIES and HINpOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st, opposite.
Union Square; all diseases cured by herba.
MINES AJiD MIXI.XCr. ~^|
SHASTA County gold and copper mine — I hav«
600 shares of stock for sale in a very promis-
ing property; will take $100 for them: will
be worth twenty times the amount in lesa
than a year hence. Address box 591. Call.
SMALL gold 'mtae. with mill: will pay from,
the start: only small capital required: easy
terms. THE INVESTORS* AGENCY. 137
Montgomery st, S. F. .
PARTNER wanted to equip mine. Address
box 563. Call office.
Z MOSEY^TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY7^6o1P60^Examiner bldg.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE
On first and second mortgages
Life Interests in estates .*
Property being held in trust *
Undivided Interests in real estate......
Estates In probate — Legacies .-
-.Assignment of rents -,
Life insurance policies «
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY -
601-C02 Examiner building
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates. .
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On* second mortgages.
On third mortgages. -.: ,-..>¦¦:
On undivided Interests In real estaU -^
On estates In probate. jf
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
\A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$S0O,00O at 5% and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties- loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-,
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING. "
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second and» third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
' interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
' cantlle interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
. 1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY,
Safe Deposit bldg.. 328 Montgomery st.
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long or short term. " -
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
¦ liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
Market st : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
$10 TO $100 loaned- salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially: lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
U people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, planes: no removal ; money quick:
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged ; confidential : open eves.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, turn.,
without removal; confiden. 935 Market, r. S. >
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal; |
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st. J
3% ON furniture ft pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1700; room 81, 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44, Merchants: Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each,
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note -without
I indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan- bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes and grades handled: largest va-
riety and lareest stock. Special bargains:
3 Steinway $35 to $2SO
2 Knabe $85 to $110
3 Weber $65 to $150
5 Hallet & Davis $80 to $165
2 Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne ....'........ $40
3 Hayncs $235
1 Kittle $2S5
Over 5000 Heine pianos In S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO..
. .' ¦ Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can.
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor; Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN- HUNTERS!
Second-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
I Second hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
6 SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st; Chlckering.
Mason & Hamlin, Vose. Sterling pianos.
DURING thl* week we can supply, while they .
last, squares from $25 upward; uprights from
$125 npward. In new instruments we cart
sell you fine Wissners or Baumeisters. Pay-
ments if you desire. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tima
within 2 years and full purchase price al«
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c & day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO
O'Farrell st.; established 1850.
LEAVING for London compels quick sacri-
fice of beautiful large 3-pedal upright piano.
330 Turk st.
$100 — UPRIGHT piano; cost $400; for sale on
$5 installments. 1309 Gough st.. near Geary.
$150— ELEGANT large size Fischer upright.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.,- 16 McAllister st.
YOU may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 060 Hayes at.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st—
Steck. Everett Ludwig and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL .upright Fischer piano; roust b»
sold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st
A FINE Steinway upright, left on sale; no
reasonable' offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
SNAP— 2 only, new. $450; high-grade uprights;
dropped from catalogue, $250. Bruenn.20SPost. .
BYRON MAUZY. C08-310-312 Post st.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs. -
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham ptac«.
OFFICES AN1> STOntls TO LKT.
STORE; 30x30. fronting on Natoma st., bet.
Fremont and First, with good dry elevator
basement 40x90. ¦ Inquire 143 First st
PALMISTRY. _ ~~"
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 tot 700
Post St.. corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515George C- Patterson (ownei) with J. V.
Campbell (contractor), architect All work
for alterations and additions to make three
story frame building on lot on W line of Shot
well street. 175 N of Eighteenth. N 23 by W
122:6; J1540..
William C. Blecher (owner)' with William A.
Powell (contractor and architect) — All work,
for a five-room frame cottage on lot on N line
of Hale street. 150 W of Merrill, W 50 by 73.
lots 7 and 8, block 7, Tract A, People's Home
stead Association: $1400.
Mrs. Carrie S. La Forest (owner) with James
C. Bassett (contractor).. C. S. McNally archi
tect — All work for a three-«tcry . and basement
frame buildtng (flats) on lot on E line of Clay
ton street. 27:fi N of Haight, N 33 by E 100.
W. A. 674; $9000. '_
E. Simon (owner) with William Little con
tractor), architect Albert PIssls^ — Bulkheadlng,
shoring, brick, cement, stone work, carpenter
work, paintiny, plumbing and plastering for
underpinning of building on lot on X line of
Geary street. 83 W of Grant avenue, W 43:5
by N 60; $1750.
Builders* Contracts.
Abbie B. Blair to Jennie M. Blair, lot on SW
corner of Van Ness avenue and Bush street,
S 120 by W 217; gift. ' '-
Katherlne M.' Bunerhan" (widow) to Agnes
M. Bourn (wife • of William B.)," lot on SE
corner of Broadway and Webster street, a
S2:<; by E 103:0; $10.
Hclene D. Steiglitz' (formerly Helene Dln
geon) to Henriette Dlngeon (widow), lot on E
line of Webster strtet, 27:6 N of Pine, N 27:*J
by E Sl:3; $10. ....
Harry and Rcss Strlen to William F. Sny
der.-lot on N "line of - Sacramento street; 29:9
E of Pierce, E 26 by N 103; $10. ' ¦
Antolne arid Grade Borel to Henry E.
Bothin, lot on N line of Filbert street, 125 W
of Baker. W 100 by'N 137:6; $10.
Ruth B. and Martin, Aronsohn to Joseph W.
Belden. lot on N line of Waller street, 34:7Vi
E of Shrader, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Robert and Louise C. Wannenmacher to Ga
brlelle de Lachasse (wife of G.), lot on W line
of, Cole street,. 50 S of Frederick, S 25 by W
70; ?10.
J. C. Lay ton to Louis H. and Emma Honlg
baum, : lot on N line of 'Nineteenth street, 85
W of. Church, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Sarah K. nnd William H. Slocum to William
H. Slocum Jr., lot on SW corner of Fourteenth
and Sanchez streets, S 103 by W 105; $100.
French . Savlnsrs Bank to John J. . Gullfoyle
Jr., lot on S line of Alvarado (M) street, 109:0
W of old Mission road, W 50 by S 100; $10.
Delia Mumm (wife of Julius H.) to Mary A.
We^sling, lot. on E line of Douglass street, 235
N of Seventeenth, N 25 by E 148; $10.
Mary A. • Wessling to Terence Furey, undi
vided half of same: $10.
John and Juliet W. Garber, Thomas B. and
Josfcphine H. Bishop. Charles S. and Lillian
M. Wheeler, Garber. Boalt & Bishop, Russell
J.. Josephine K.. Mouritford S. and Flora C.
Wilson. AVilson & Wilson, i William S. and
Mary B. Wood. Reuben -H. Lloyd. Lloyd &
Wood to Theresa A. Oelrlchs and Virginia Van
rtftrbllt (Fair), all Interest in estate of 'James
G. Fair. No. 16,495. as" per inventory filed, ex
cepting following:',' Lot on SW corner of Pine
and Sansomc streets. W 235 by S 137 :C; also
lot on NE"- corner of Mission and 'Twelfth
Htreets, N 275 by E 550; refers to 1784 D. 200,
42 covenants 127, and 1781 D. 181; $10. . •
Charles L. Fair to same, undivided one-third
of lot on NW corner of Powell and California
streets, W 412:6 by N 275: $10. •
John and Catherine McGralh to Mary C.'
Tourtellott (wife of O. B.), lot on W. line of
Stone street, 117:6 N of Washington, N 20 by
W -00; $10. '¦
Julius and Catherine Hoch to Clemens and
Louisa Mauer. lot on W line of.Wetmoro place
60 N of Clay street, N 31:0 by W 06; $10.
Anglo-Californian Bank, Ltd., to-, Martha
ChrUtensen, lot on N line of Broadway 115-0
E of Taylor street. E 22 by N C2:C; $2500. '
G.T.! Oscar and Louisa Mueller. G. T. and
Annn. Knopf to John and Maria Tampcke, lot
on NE corner of Filbert and Jones streets E
42:0 by N 70; $10. . .
Sidney V. Smith to Cora B. Smith, lot on
8E Corner of Clay and Jones streets, S 60 by
E 08:3; gift. • . •
Margaret Gallagher (single) and Mary A
Coyle to O. H. Greenewald, lot on W line of
Leavenworth street, 63 N of Ellis. N 74:6 W
77:0 S 77:6. E 20. N 3. E 57:6; $10.
Benjamin T. McGowan* (single) to John A
Halpin. lot; on S line of Harrison street, 142:0
E of Fifth. E 32:6 by S 160; *10.
Frederiok . Boeckmann and It. Mehrtena (ex
ecutors estate >of 'Helnrlch. • Hinrich .or Henry
Wohltmann) t© Thomas Lynch, lot on SE line
of fUarrlson street. 335 SW of Seventh, SW 20
by SE 60; $2400. -.
Abby K. McLane and Anne Cooper (wife of
John) to I John «Middleton, _Iot_ on J3E line of
Berry street,' 01:8 SW of Fifth, 1 SW 45:10 by
SE. 275; $12,500. " • ¦--;¦¦ ¦--.• •-> ' ¦ ';¦ •
John and Ida Middleton to George II. Buck
ingham,, same; $10. •••-'¦ • ,; ' ' -¦
John and Cathrine Mooney to Santa Fe Town
and ' Improvement Company, (corporation), Jot
on SE corner Of Eighteenth (Solano) -and Min
nesota streets, . E 50 by S 100; $10. .,'.
Ella A, McNear to | Margaret N. Magulre.' lot
on E line of Ninth avenue, 225 N of California
street, N CO by E 120; $10., .
- San Francisco Land Company to: Elizabeth
C Henzel* (wife of E. F.), lot :oniE line of
Tenth avenue,.\100 N of 'Clement street, ,N 50
by E 120! $1800. .'.- , ; : ." , : " '. .: \ - :. ..
• Christopher. B.- Currier, r George: M. and Ella
C. Mitchell to Joseph Miller, lot on E line or
Twenty-flfth avenue, 100 N of Point Lobos, N
25 by E 120; $10.: ,. •, .
¦ Parker-Ford Land Company (corporation) to
William and Eliza Sharp to Isabella M.
Cowell (single), lot on NW corner of Pine and
Larkin streets, N 137 :« by W 135; $49,000
.THURSDAY, MAY 29.
REAL ESTATE TRAITS ACTIONS.
Amps D. and - Martha J. ¦ Allen to - Richard
G.? and Elizabeth M. Hillman (wife), lot on
S line of Alameda avenue, 148 W of Lafayette
street. W 49 , by 8 • 150, lot \ 2, block - S, Map
Bartlett. Tract. Alameda; $10. .
John Brockway Me teal f to Mrs. Francis J
Johnson (wife of S. W; Johnson). lot on N line
of Hearst .avenue. 136:6 E of Walnut street
N 124 by W. 55, lot 12 and E 10 feet of lot 13
Map Whltton Tract, deed given to correct error
in description in S31 D. 104. Berkeley; $100.
! Peter Wlcklund (widower) to Eliza H
Scotchler (widow), lot on W line of Otis street
201.86 S of Russell. S 60 by W 122.50, block
11. amended- Map Central ' Park, Alcatraz and
Newberry stations. ' subject to agreement In
704 D. : 334. "Berkeley. $10. v : '" - f.
Scenic Park Realty : Company (corporation)
to George Hansen, lot 4, block 21, Map Daley's
Scenic Park, deed and agreement, Berkeley;
$10. . . . -
Eliza • H. Scotchler (widow) to Peter Wick
lund (widower), lot on W line of Ellis street
501:6 N of Mason, N 25:3 by W. 120. being N
25:3 of lot 25. Map Lands- Regent Street Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Joseph and Barbara Mason to Peter G. King
lot on W line of Prospect street. 400 S of
Channing way. S 100 by W 100, block B. map
subdivision block B, Berkeley; $100.
Emily N. Jordan (widow) to J. M. Bartlett.
lots 1 and 2, block 3.' map portion East Oak
land Heights, East Oakland; $10.
David Mitchell (single) to William Freeman,
lot 21, - block 55, San Antonio, quitclaim deed
East Oakland: $25.
Christine Simons to > Joseph Simons, lot en
NE corner San Pablo avenue and Twenty
eighth street, E 116:6. N 70. W 146, S 77:0
lots 1 to 3, 5 and 6, block 2026, Map 2. Whltch
er Tract, quitclaim deed. Oakland ; $2000.
Lebrecht and Lois S. Strache | to John R.
Brown, lot on SE line of Howe street. 60 S W
of- John, SW 30 by SE 125, lot 16. block K
Map Thermal Hill, formerly Howe Tract, Oak
land: ?10.
H. B. and Susie L. Belden (wife) to John
and - Jenny E. i M. Mclntyre. lot on S line of
Railroad avenue, 125 E of Campbell ' S 100-7
by E 26, block 499; Map Gibbons property at
Oakland Point. Oakland; $10.
Charles H. Moore (by Charles F. Hanlon,
attorney) to Annie, Charlotte M.. Andrew.
Ralph H.. Joseph A. and Robert S. Moore all
property- real and personal left by Joseph
Moore, deceased (father of first party), and
all claims against estate same; also all rights
and claims against second parties and Moore
Investment Company, etc.; $5.
J. H. and Lizzie S. N. Young (wife) to Flor
ence Boyl- (wife of J. H.). lot on S lino or
Santa Clara avenue (since widening to 80 feet)
110 W of Sherman street, W 40 by S 120 block
19. map property known as homestead Mary A
Fitch. Alameda; $10. . . .
J. H. W. and . Fannie M. Rlley (wife) to
Roady Kelly, - lot 7. block A, map Fruitvale
Electric Road Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Man' B. and J. W. Bibby to Carrie B Jump
(wife of R. S.), lot on B lln« of Fruitvale ave
nue. 100 S of Pleasant street, S 50 by E 125.
lot 17. block D, map subdivision blocks D and
E. Champion Tract, Fruitvale, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10..
AValdo M. and Clara W. York (wife) and
Edith May Whitworth to F. H. Lawton and M.
P. W. Albee. lots 21 and 22, block B map
Percy Tract. Berkeley; $10.
J. B. and Sarah J. MeChesney (wife) to R.
C. Myers, lot on NW corner of Baker and Car
rieon streets, N 40.09. W 115.84 S 40, E 113.23
lot 1C. block A, map Teachers Tract, Berkeley;
2>10. . . ¦ : »
JV. P. Fuller & Co. (corporation) to T. F.
Baird, lot on E lfne of Laurel street, 120 S from
Clinton avenue, S 40 by E 130, lot 8, block A.
Map of Bellevue Tract, being lots 56. 57. 66, 67
and 68, Highly's survey of lots adjacent to Eu
cinal. Alameda: $10.
Edward P. Flint (widower) to Christopher
M. Cook, lot on SW. line of Santa Clara ave
nue. 319.17.SE of Oakland avenue. SE 40.
SW 116.60. NW 38.96. NE 111.54. block J map
Flint Tract No. 4. Oakland; $10.
Mary C. and James L. Barker (husband) (and
as attorney) to Edward B. Norton, lot on NW
corner of Grove and Prince streets. W 40.83.
N 10;:.13, F. 40.67, S 100. lot 1. bloV* 7. map
subdivision of block 7.. Central Park Tract.
Berkeley; $10. '
• Glennie Davies (single) to Esther S. Stevens,
lot on W line of Ellsworth street, 250 N from
Dw!ght way, N 20 by W 150, block 4, Map of
College Homestead. Berkeley; $100.
P. V. S. Bartlett (single) to Calvin S. Wln
cheli; lot on S line of Ward street, 400 W from
Fulton, W 40 by S 134:6. lot 11. block D. Map
of Resubdl vision of block D, Blake Tract
Berkeley; $10. ....
Margaret Rigney (Malone) (by W. J. Dono
van, attorney), John E. Mahoney, Bridget Ford
(Mahoney) (heirs, etc.) to Timothy Mahoney,
lot 13, block 23, same; quitclaim deed; $10.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Charles M.
Zelbn, lot 1C. block C. Amended Map of Fair
view Tract. Oakland Township; quitclaim
deed; $10.
Margaret Rigney (Malone) (by W. J. Dono
van, attorney), Timothy Maboney, Bridget
Ford (Mahoney) (heirs, etc.) toVohn.Mahoney,
lot. 14, block 23, same; quitclaim deed; Oak
land; $10.
Timothy and John E. Mahoriey, Bridget Ford
(Mahoney) (heirs of Cornelius Mahoney, de
ceased) to Margaret RIgney (Malone), lot 12,
block 23, Kellersberger's Map, | Oakland; quit
claim deed; $10.
Bert Cassldy (single) to A. J. Delllnger, lot
on E line of Magnolia street, 275 S of Thirty
second, S 25 by E 128:3. block F, lands of
Peralta Homestead Association, also known as
block -«C7. subject to 776 D. 138. Oakland; $10.
Ruby Hill Vineyard Company (corporation)
to -John F. Dingwell. lot on E line of Oak
street, 50 S of Twelfth, S 50 by E 100, lots 5,
6 and portion of lot 9, block 166. Oakland; $10.
J. F. and Maria S. Dingwell to Jules Sompa,
same; $10.
Henry and Mrs. Minna C. Sohst to John and
Margaret Shields (wife), lot on E line of Web
ster street, 75 N of Third, N 25 by E 75, lot 4,
block 33, Kellersberger's Map, Oakland; $1150.
Herman and Amelia E. M. Cooley to Albert
H. and Lizzie E. Riehn, lot on S line of Sew
ard street, 157 W of Campbell. W 33 by S 80,
block' 700. Boardman's Map. Oakland; $10.
Camllle and George E. Hogg (husband and as
attorney) to George T. Hawley, lot on NW
corner of Ninth and Webster streets. N 50 by
W 75, lots 21 and 22, block 120, Kellersberger's
Map, Oakland; $10. ' >
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Joseph
Lancaster, lot on N line of Knox avenue or
Twenty-seventh street. 509.26 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 40.18, N 112.06, E 40.19, S 111.05,.
Oakland; $1200. \
Philip and Caroline E. Roth (by Austin J.
Roberts and Haynes K. Starkweather, trustees
of. Oakland Building and 'Loan Association) to
Austin J. Roberts, 776 D. 315, lot on E line of
Ellis street, 2B0 N of Prince. N 42 by E 120,
trustees' deed, Berkeley; $2237.
Henry C. and Allle A. Garlock (wife) to
William Corbln, lot on NE line of Forest street.'
577:6 E of Peralta avenue. E 37:6 by N 175.
portion of lot 9,- Map of Forest Park Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
John Andresen to William H. v and Kate C.
Dixon, lot on W line of Union street. 125 N of
Pacific avenue. N 50 by W 108, lots 11 and 12.
block 43, map of property in vicinity of En*
cinal station, owned by Columbus Bartlett Esq.,
Alameda; $10.
H. A. Nelson Jr. to Lucy E. Nelson (wife),
lot on W line of Everett street. 100 S of Buena
Vista avenue, S 50 by W 122:7%. lot in Foley
Tract, said block bounded by Buena Vista ave
nue, Everett street. Central Pacific Railroad
and Foley street, Alameda; gift.
Matilda Welch (widow) to James W. and
Julia E. Serjeant, lots 13 to 15. Map Red Rose
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10. '
Harvey S and Laura S. Haseltine (wife) to
Frank N. - Greeley, lot on E line of College
avenue, 64 S of Stuart street, S 253 by E 120.
lots a to 7, Map University Villa Tract, Berke
ley; $10. -
James A. and Mary A. Squire (wife) to Ella
M. Runyon (single), lot on W line of Dana
street, 92:6 S of Channing way, S 42:6 by W
100, block 5, map subdivision - portion lots 5
and 6, block S, and lots 6 and 7. block 0,
College Homestead, Berkeley: $10.
(single), lot on N line of San Jose avenue. 50
W of Walnut street, W 50 by N 100. block L.
lands adjacent tot Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
Henry P. Wicbman, John Lutgen and Fred
erick Staude (Wichman, Lutgen & Co.) to Ja
cob Frank, lot on NW corner of Tobler street
and Railroad avenue. W 120 by N 31.82, lot 18,
map Lamp Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
George R. Read to Elizabeth H. Brown, lot
on E line of Chestnut street, 130 N of Rail
road avenue (as now existing), N 10 by E
100, block 5, map lands adjacent, to Enclnal,
Alameda: $10. . .: -.•¦¦••
Minna and Axe Gutech to Gustave Gutsch,
lot on N line of Clinton avenue, 200 W. of Wil
low, W 55 by N 150, portion E half of block
N, map property: Pioneer Homestead Associa
tion. ' Alameqa, quitclaim deed: gift.
EG. Levy (single) to Mary Ann Crossman
(wife of John), lot on. E line : of Magnolia
street, 100 N of Twelfth. N 46:2 by E 128:3,
block 574. Boardman's Mao. Oakland; $10.
F J. and Dell C. Woodward (wife) to Mar
garet E. Evans, lot on E line of Ettle street,
300 S of A or .Thirty-second, E 133 by S 200,
lots 3 and 4, block O, map lands Peralta Horns
stead Association, Oakland; $1800.
Arthur P. and Lettle W. Holland to F. J.
Woodward, all of lots 3, 4. 0 and E 10 feet of
lot 9 all of lots 10, 12, 14, 16 and 18, block
A, lots 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20. 24, 26, 28, 30, 32.
34 ' 30 and E 30 feet of lot 36, block B, Map
University Park, near the university, Oak
land; ?10. ¦¦
Oakland Bank of Savings to Charles ' P.
Eggleston, lot 23, block E,. map Leonard Tract;
Berkeley; ?10. * .
. L. G. and Mary I. Burpee (wife) to L. G.
Morehouse, lots 5 to. 8, map Elmhurst Park
No. 2, iBroohlyn Township; grant. - ?
: Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to George
B Mowry, " lot on SW- corner of Railroad ave
nue and Morton street (or Fourteenth).* S' 150,
W 150, N 60, E 60, N 100, E 10O. lots 0 to 14.
block 27, mao Fitch ,. Homestead Tract, Ala
meda, quitclaim deed; $1. . :
Dorthea M. C. Nissen (as executrix of estate
of Theodor Meetz to Bernardlne Reichllng, lot
on S line of Halght avenue. 316:10»4~ W of
Seventh, S 103:9 by W 32:6, Alameda; $1800. .
Mary A. Carroll (widow), John H. and Hat
tie Carroll (wife), George and Mary E. Wil
liams i (wife> and Thomas P. Carroll (single)
to George E. . Hogg, lot on NW corner r of
Ninth and Webster streets, N 50 by "VV.-75,
lota 21 and 22, Kellersberger's Map, Oakland;
$10' -.:.¦¦-¦¦ . : '. , Y '¦ ¦>•¦ - ..{-;-
Susie and James R. T. Mershon (husband)
to Caroline H.' Frey (wife of Frank), lots' »
and 10, map' subdivision of Wall Tract/Oak
land; ? 10. < ¦¦'» '¦ ' -
• Helen Bacon (single)' and T.\ F. Bacon to
Laura W.'- Bacon. • lot on NW line of. Twenty
fourth avenue, 50 . SE / of East ... Twenty-first
street, SW 100 by»NW-150, block H, map sub
d ivislon 50, i Associates'. Tract, East Oakland,
quitclaim deed: $10. .
Margaret J. Hull to Nelson A. Tyler (single),
lot.l and .W 10. feet of lot 2, block D, map
Adeline Tract. Berkeley; - $10. ¦ ;
J.-A.iand Emily V. Marshall ¦ (wife) " to J.
McKeown, lot on. E line of Mary street," 80 N
of Bancroft way,. N ; 40 by . E 129, block 12,
map McGee Tract, Berkeley: $10. •
¦ W. . -T. and Minnie . E. ¦• Keating, (wife) '• to
Peter I J.- Petersen, ' lot on NE i corner; of •¦ Sara
toga '. avenue and Orchard " street, ¦ E ' 40 by; N
125, lot, 1, -block H,; Amended: Map MossTract.
Brooklyn Township; erant;. '-• ¦:.
' David J. and Dema Greger to Leah V. Mot t
Joseph and Harriett Westall to Annie M.
Ctoes (wife of Ira D.), lots 137 to 144. block B,
Map of Westall Tract, Booklyn Township; $10.
B ' F. ' Swortngu to Alameda Savings Bank,
lot on S line of Enclnal' avenue, 148 E from
Union street, E 49 by S 145, Alameda; $o. _
Chrlstop > Spreen (widower) to August Loh
muller. 120 acres, N Vi of SE Y*, and SE Yt, of
SE >/i "of section 0. township 2 south, rang*
2 west, Eden Township; $10.
Eliza Lambert (widow) to William Kelly, lot
on E line of Franklin f-treet, 75 S from Fourth.
S 25 by E 75. lot 5. block 32, Kellersberger s
Map. Oakland; $10. . ' .
Baker & Hamilton (corporation) to Julia D.
Norris (single), lot on SE line of First avenue.
225 NE from Summer street, NE 37:6 by SE
100, portion of lots 5 and U. Map of Locksley
Square, Oakland; $10.
Abraham Shepphard .(single) to Neal J. Me-
Keon, lot on N line of Forty-fifth street, 190 E
from West street, E CO by N 106, lot 26, block
2300, Map- of Alden Tract at Temescal, Oak
land; $10. . _ : . :;
Patrick and Jane Gallagher to A. B.' Coftman.
lot on E line of Twenty-fifth avenue. 610:9 W
from Adallne street and 375 N from Monroe. N
23 by E 134, block B, Revised Map of Oak -Tree
Farm Tract. < Brooklyn Township; $1550.
N. C. I. and Anna Peterson .(wife) to P." C.
Frederickson, lot 28. Map of Henry and Phillips
Tract, being a subdivision of lots 1 to 5 and 27
to 33, Bray Tract, Brooklyn Township- $500.
Rosina Hefty (widow) to George W. Austin
(single), lot on E line of Franklin street, 75
N of Fifth, N 25 by E 75. lot 4, block 56,
Kellersberger's Map, Oakland: $10. ' - . :
\ Louisa O'Toole (widow) to Fred .W. Koch,
lot on W line of Shattuck avenue, 150 N of
Gllman street, N 30 by W 135, block 13, map
property Berkeley Villa - Association, Berke
ley; $10. •, * '.
San Francisco Savings Union tcorporatlonj
to Anna S. Downey (wife of William), lot »,
block 11, amended man of Central Park. Al
catraz and Newbury stations, Berkeley; $10. -
G. Richard and Mrs. Bertha Meyer (wife)
to Mabel Holllngsworth (single), lot on 8 line
of Addison street. 150 W of Bryon, S 140 by
W 40, block . E, map Bryant Tract, Berke
a'eorge a. Macklnnon (single) to Neal J. lic-
Keon, lot on E line of Spauldlng avenue.
258.40 S of Addison street, S 253.12 by E
129.25, lots 10, 11, 14 and 15, block 1,, map
showing property and location of Soauldlng
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
E.' A Trefethen (single) to Katie A. Scam
mon'(wife of C. F.), lot on. N line of Bristol
street, 150 W of West or Sherman. W 37:0
by N 135, portion range 2, map Hardy Tract,
Berkeley; S10.
W. S. Miller (single) to Hiram L. Woodburn,
lots 21 and 22, range 15, map of N quarter of
ranges 15 and 16. Hardy Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Mrs. Pauline Xlumpp (widow) to Herman,
Otto, William, Rudolph, Arthur, Emil and
Pauline Klumpp (children), lot on E line of
Fruitvale avenue, 434.55 N of East Fourteenth
street' or new county road from Oakland to San
Leandro. N 145 by E 3.00, lot 13, map Bray
Tract, Brooklyn Township; gift.
Eusene W. Graham to Theresa J. Strong,
subdivision. D in block 26 and subdivision C In
block 27, man Alameda Park Homestead. Ala
meda; also lot A. block 27 (being NE quarter
of said block A), same map, Alameda; $10.
Judson and Catherine C. Wheeler to Ernest
A Denicke,. lot beginning at a point on E line
of lot 15. 300 feet from NE corner of lot 20,
block 6. being also NE corner of Wheeler
Tract, S 19, W to Leroy avenue. N. 19, E to
beginning, block 6. map Wheeler Tract. Berke
ley; also lot beginning at NE corner of lot 8.
S 18 22 W to Leroy avenue, N 18.22. E to be
ginning, block 6, same, Berkeley; $5027.
John P. and Margaret Evans (wife) to Min
nie C. Nlehaus, lot on W line of Calais street,
85 S of Harmon, W 100 by S 50, block B, map
Harmon Tract showing subdivision of SW por
tion of Plat 53, Berkeley: $10.
William and Mrs. ¦ Agnes Shanks (wife) to
same, lot on SW corner of Calais and Harmon
streets. W 100 by S 85, block B, Harmon
Tract, mai> subdivision of SW portion Plat
53, Kellersberger.' s. Mao Peralta Ranch, Berke
ley; $750.
Mamie and John: Angl In: (husband) to same,
lot on S line of Harmon street. 150 W of
Calais, W 50 by S 135, lot 19, block B, map
Harmon Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Alameda County.
Ida Meyer to Continental Building and Loan
Association, lot on S line of Parnassus (Sul
livan) street, 81 W of Stanyan, \V :3 by S 50;
$200. . .
Hannah V. and Michael Wlnslow to Sebas
tiano and Annie Maurlzlo, lot on S corner of
Seventeenth avenue South and I street, SE i5
by SW 100, lot 8, block 352; $10.
Fred B. and Belle N. " Southworth to George
W. Dean, lot on E line ot Fifth avenue, 100 N
of Lake street, N 25 by. E 120; $10.
Marie A. Dray, lot on NE line of Thirty-ninth
avenue and U street, E 57 :C by N 100; $10.
Marie A. Dray (Narjot) to Jacob and Joseph
Harris, same; $10. - ' •
Nettle C Stallman to Victor Johanson, lot
on S line of Loulsberg (Spring) street, 89 E of
Unadllla NE 44:6 by SE 103:6, lot 59, San
Miguel Homestead; $10.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 30, . 1902.
13
OCEAJT TBAVEli. ¦
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' tj±* Steamers leave Broadway
BSBv^ Wharf. San Francisco:
ll&Sgfc^ For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
IffillB"^^ Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 *.
I _|_23\&1 June 5. Change to com-
i ESSiSLaWi pany's steamers at Seattle.
PORflSHMH For Victoria, Vancouver.
i *^MHl port Ton-nsend. Seattle. T»-
con^a. Everett. Whatcom—
II m m y.vll 16 21 26. 31. June S. Cnw» •
Redocdo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. in.
State or California. Thursdays .9 a. m. .
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and E*«
Ssn Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cr_. -Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Oblspo
<vt» Port Harford). Ventura, Huensme and
•Newport (»Bontt* only).
Coos B«y. 9 «; m.. May 14. Z5. 30 Jnn. T.
BonlU.9 a. m.. May 10. 19. M. '"»*• . .
For Ensenada. Magdalena Eay. San Jose eat
Cabo. Ma—tlaa. Altata. I_ Pas. Sants, Rosa-
lia, G_ym_ . <_e_)— 10 *. m.. ttli eacii
month. -
For farther Information obtain folder. •
Right Is reserved to Changs ateamers or sall-
'"^ICTKET « N«^ Montgomery
street (Palace Hot*!).
CD DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen, Agent*.
10 Market at.. San Francisco-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
— you — • . . .
NOME™'
I_AVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR » P- M.. ~~~ |
VALENCIA...... 9 P. M.. JUNB V
And fortnightly thereafter during the *•**><>•
Steamships CTTT OF PUEBLA and QUEEN*
leaving San Francisco May 2tt and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Tlw
new and elesant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular ' trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without lo»«.
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Ageat.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R.St /V- CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or..
And Short Rail Lfne From Portland to AU
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Ran. aft
IiOTVEST XIATSS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meats.
SS COLUMBIA Sails.. June 2. 12. 22. July 2
SS. GEO "W. ELnER SAIL3..June T. IT, 27
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. T.
U. S. MAIL ROUTE.
|PE*^ SAILINGS.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL. CO.
Will dispatch its flrst-class steamers, carrying
United States mails, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows:
¦ '. ¦ From San Francisco .
8. S. ST. PAUL Junes
a S. PORTLAND Jury \
From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO June 3
S. S. INDIANA June 7
j Connecting at Nome — ttn steamer Saldie,
carrying United • States mail, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City.
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson Koyukuk and all Tukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.. \
643 "Market St.. San Francisco. "
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
Puget Sound Agent. Seattle. "Wash. '
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
f*S?3^5^?S^_^r^S«
SS. HONGKONG MARU^.^..^...^.^
SS NIPPON MARU.. Thursday. July 24. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
• . .. W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
PALENA June 7 TUCAPEL July 1!»
AREQUIPA ...June 27 GUATEMALA .Aug. 8
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger, service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. OUTHRIE St CO.. Gen. Agents.
ll ColllS _ 2},?9.lli, ZUUH0 us SYDNEY,
VVVU1MV O»tf»VV9 DIRECr IMS TO TAHITI.
' SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu „
Saturday. May 31, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. June 0, 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, June 12. 10 a. m.
I. D. SPBICXILS i BROS.ca', General Am, 32?Hai_t
: Ge j'l Pass. Office, 643 Har_t St. , Pier Ix 7. PaciHo-SL
i • ;
KOSMOS LINE.
SS. SERAP1S. 4000 tons, CAPT. W. RICHERT.
> Saillnr June 6, 1902.
' For Mexican. Central and South American
' ports, will carry passengers. Special rates to
I South America. This steamer is equipped with
electric lights and other modern improvements
1 and carries an experienced physician. For all
¦ information regarding passage, rates, etc..
• apply at office of
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS.' CO..
643 Market st.. General Agents.
COMFASNIB eS5_ULS TRANSATLANTICS.
' VU— CT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS. _-^g-_
galling every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier • *2. ¦__£_»
' North River, foot ot Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. SeeonJ
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAb
• AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES _<J CAN-.
' ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buildtng). New
York. J. V. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacinc Coast
I Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
' Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket As»n_
> . ¦•
AMERICAN LINE.-
, NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
; St. Paul..June 4. 10 am/Philadel-June 18. 10 am
St. Louis.June 11, 10am|St. PauL June 23, 10 am
RED STAR LIXB. - - -"
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS. •
Zeeland. . • June 4, noon I South wrk. June IS, noon
• F-riesland. June 11. noonl Vadcr'.nd. June 21. noon
¦-. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.".
I CHAS.-D. TAYLOR. Q.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y «t.
' BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR I). S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
\ Steamers GEN. FRISBIE op-MONTICELLO
l 0:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, fi:45 a. m.. S;3O p. — . Leaves
1 Vallejo 1 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 9 p. _. except
i Sunday. Sunday, 7 ». m.. 4:15 p. m. Fmr* M
s cents. Telephone Main 130& Landing _4
!i offlc*. pier 2, _lulon-strt«t dock. HATCH
8H0-
__>V__ TISEM— UTS. '_'./__'_.' r'K
| We Close . 3^ jjSwmW|.^ We j
g Decoration :^h^^t i Y^^^Ml *? Sattlrda y- I
| THE NEW TUXEDO ETONS. j
© We have them in Cheviot, Broadcloth, Taffeta and Peau de Sole, both 4
_ plain and trimmed; some lined throughout with, white satin at .' t
5 I...... ...... ...*5.OO*7.5O, 88.5O. 81O.OO <
9 27-ln. MOIRE BOXCOATS ........S7.5O <
• 100 BLACK CHEVIOT DRESS SKIRTS, regular $5 values; now..... $2.50 J
• Flounce is trimmed ¦with tailor-stitched bands. " * !
2 , $7.50 quality DRESS SKIRTS, in three styles; sale price S5.OO J
Jz '¦-'. Some trimmed with three taffeta bands; others nicely corded and a guar- <
• anteed black cheviot with graduated flounce. j
Z-~ _r«-r3__T___CK, BOAS. C !
• . • A sharp reduction of 10 per cent to 25 per cent on all Ostrich Boas. J
• New and stylish effects in GIBSON SUITS, elaborately trimmed with J
• silk tailor straps, light gray and tan cheviot $20.<)O ;
9 Blue and Black Venetian Cloth.... £__.5O •'
COLE— In Saratoga, Cal... May. 27. 1902, Rev.
H. Hammond Cole, a (native- .of Chelsea,
Mass., aged 57 years 1 month and 12 days.
„? Funeral- services to-day- (Friday).- at
1 2 'o'clock. ' at Olivet Congregational Church,
corner Seventeenth and Noe streets.
COMERFORD-^In this city, . May ' 29. 1902,
I Mary Comerford, a native of New York, aged
75 years. • ' ' ' ¦.
DE LONG— In this city. May 29,~1902, Grace
Elida, beloved daughter of Amelia and. Wil-
liam -De Long, a native 1 of San Francisco,
ased 5 months ¦ and 7 daya. ' -••':;
HEFFRON— In tbls city, May 29, 1902, Pat-
rick,' beloved husband of Annie Heftron, . and
uncle of Mre. 1 J. McGrath and Rcte Tlerney,
a native of County Tipperary, Ireland,
'67 years. * ¦ ¦'¦ ' " ' . •
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
'' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, - S0U1- San - Bruno :avenue, near • Cort-.
land avenue, thence to St. . John's Church
(formerly old St. Mary's College), where a sol^'
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
1 repose . of . his soul, commencing at 9 :30
O'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
McGINN— In Ithis city, May 26,-1902, George
F., beloved »on of the late George and Annie
M. McGinn, and brother of Joseph A., Leo
J., Allen, Thomas P. and Ignatius McGinn,
a native, of San Francisco, aged 28 years 1
month and 3 days. :
, ' IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 30. -at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
• residence, 20% Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
McGINTY— In this city. May 29, 1902, John,
beloved son of Ellen and the late James Me*
Glnty, and brother of James, Charles and
Hugh McGinty and Mrs. William Reed, a
native of Virginia City, Nev., aged 33 years.
_^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for tho
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
MAGNIER — In this city. May 29, 1902, Anas-
. tasia Magnier, beloved mother of Nellie Mag-
nier, Mrs. J. B. Toomey and Mrs. W. E.
, Cooks, a native of Ireland.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
MAHON— In this city. May 28, 1902, entered
Into rest at his residence, 921 Fulton street,
William. 'dearly beloved husband of the late
Fannie Mahon,- a native of Frankfort, Kings
County, Ireland. . • . .
lE?"The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at^ 10 o'clock, from St. Ignatius
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his bouI,
Interment private.
MATTSON— In this city, May 29, 1902, John
E. Mattson, youngest son of Matlas and Ida
•**_ttson, and brother of Fredrick and Jo-
hanna MattS3n, a native of California, aged
5 years .7 months and 11 days.
MURPHY — In this city. May 28, 1902, at her
residence, 28 Pearl street, Mrs. Johanna
Murphy, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. W.
:¦ H.. Miller, a native of- Ireland, aged. 84 years
1 month and 22 days. .' ¦.••.- ¦¦-..-•..
IC^Friends ' are respectfully Invited to at-
. tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at 10
o'clock, from St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem hijrh mass will " be celebrated for
. the rwose of her soul. Omit flowers. In-
terment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN — At St. Vincent's, San Rafael, May
29, ' 1902, John T., beloved eon of the late
Timothy and, Lucy O'Brien, and dearly be-
loved cousin i of May Murphy and Denney
O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years 11 months and 23 days.
C7"Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street. ¦
PARKER— In this city. May 29, 1902, Wil-
liam Henry Parker, beloved son of Horace C.
and Cora M. Parker, and brother of Ray-
mond H., Cecil O. and the- late Elsie Par-
ker, a native of California, aged G months
and-'C daj's. -• -
SAUNDERS— In this city, May 27, 1902, Emily
C.; beloved wife of J. Douglass Saunders
and mother of John H. Saunders, a native of
New York City. -
C"Funeral . .services to-day- (Friday) at
2 o'clock, at her late residence, 2516 Pine
*treet. Interment private.'. - -
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
. 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln . School.
Telephone ' South SO. «...
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
. Telephone Bush 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden,' 18 years* manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, .with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new .Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission- st., between' Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. . . .
! UNITED UN^ERTARERsl
27 M 20 Fifth St. Tel. South isr 1
niNTRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. J
Finest Equipment at . Moderate Rbl tea. 1
JAMBS McGINN, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet. I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676. I
ROOMS AXD .BOARD. ..,,
opened; elegantly furnished, suite or single
rooms, with or. without bath; excellent table;
references. . . ' •¦¦ , •
CORBIN, The, 836 Sutter St., ' corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suites; all sunny; table first class. ¦
NEWLY furnished rooms with board; 2 min-
utes' walk .from Morton-st. station. 1541
Central ave., Alameda. ' ''¦'¦,
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy — High-class house;
, furnished suites or single; steam heat: , . .
"HEATH." 312 Eddy st.— Select family hotel;
excepticnal table; popular prices.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished eunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS AND HOARD \VAXT_I>.
WANTED — Board and room for lady's new bi-
cycle suit; divided. Box 511, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.'
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING .MACHINES AJfD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re- -
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex. ; repairing
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage"& Moving Co., of-
flce.Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage;, advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
teL Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
iN P--?F- 1 !! p J^J [ J a -_--.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
seli better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 26fi.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 200 Sansome.
TYPEWRITINGS Jl^j^P^A^!!!^ 0 :
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio: copies. 2c;mlm-
eographlng. 927 Markt, rm.305; Howard 1539.
VITAOPATHY.
DO you suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
ailments or trouble of any kind? Try "Vita-
Opathy." IVAN McLAUGHLIN; 1104 Mar-
ket, rooms 11 & 12: free treatment Wednes.
v ' PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley-
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men : Notice Is hereby given to all con-
cerned that sealed .proposals or. bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials necessary to. the erec-
tion of an addition to the Bacon Art Gallery
and Library building on the grounds -of the
University of California at Berkeley. , Ala-
meda County, California, and said bids dr
proposals will be received at the office of the
Board of Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of the 6th day of
June, 1902. And notice is . hereby , further
given that the . plans and specifications of
raid building have been made and adopted
and are placed in above-named office, where
the same may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m. from this date until said 6th day of
June. 1902. . No bids' or proposals will be
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
peser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if said bid or proposal shall be accepted
the party proposing will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the
duty and obligations In accordance with said
proposal, and plans and specifications, 'which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right - to reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled, "An act to amend an act entitled,
'An act to create and organize the University
of California.' approved March 25, 1868, and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 28, 1872, relating to the con-
struction of buildings," approved March 3,
1897.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. • -
- W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for coal — Office of General
Superintendent, Army' Transport Service,
San Francisco, Cal., May 17, 1902. Seal;d
i proposals in triplicate for furnishing and de-
1 liverlnr on board army transports at San
j -Francisco, California, .forty thousand- tons
average steam coal, or such portion thereof
as may be required, will ba received at this
office until 12 m. June 2. 1902. and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should-
be indorsed, "Proposals for Coal," and ad-
dressed to C. A. DEVOL, General Superin-
tendent. • ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦
PROPOSALS for coal' — Office of General Su-
perintendent. Army Transport Service. San
Francisco, Cal.. May 19, 1902. — Sealed pro-
posals In triplicate for furnishing and deliv-
ering at Honolulu. H. T., ten thousand tons
average Steam Coal, or such portion thereof
as may be required, will be received at this
office until 12 m., June 20. 1902, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals for Coal for Hono-
lulu," and addressed to C. A. DEVOL, Gen-
eral Superintendent.
! MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Joseph A. Oneto, 21, San Antonio, and
Marie J. Marchi, 18, 2929 Filbert street.
George Maas. 31, 2219 Pine street, and Marie
Wagner, 27, 1427 Steiner street.
Cloudysly Rutter, 35, city, and Effle A. Mc-
Illrich, 31, city. . .
Vito Sllvestro, 22. 406% Green street, and
Mary Cherilli, 16, 428 Green street.
Joseph Terry, 22, Haywards, and Mae V.
Soper, 18, 534% Turk street.
Arthur D. Davidson, 40, city, and Juliette
N. ' Mergentbaler, 30, city.
William J. McEidowney, 30, 413 " Octavia
6treet, and Catherine S. Morgensen, 29, 730
• Treat avenue. ¦ .. ¦ • ¦
Lewis Wold, 25, 223B Fourteenth street, and
i Har.na B. Herdal, 26, 220B Fourteenth street.
I Russell Harper, 24, 2401 Buchanan street,
and Josephine Schwartz, 21, Ellis and Octavia.
I streets.
j Robert Gonzales, 26, 907 Jackson street, and
! Irena Gutieres, 23. 907 Jackson street.
Charles A. Graul, 30, Brooklyn Hotel, and
Louise Phoedovlus, 20, «23 Tennessee street.
Morgan S. Truett, 25, 1820 Market street,
and Johannah A. Culllnan. 24, 2900 Mission st.
BIRTHS—^MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Bkrth, marriage and death, notices sent by
mail wilt not be inserted. They must be handed
in .it either of the publication offices and be'
Indorsed with the name and residence o.f per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BERING— In this city. May 29, 1902, to the
wife of E. A. Bering, a daughter.
DURKEE— April 16, 1902. to the wife of Ed-
ward Durkee, a son. ¦ : . .
HAHIR— In Tiburon, May 28, 1902, to the wife
of Joseph J. Hahlr, a son.
HARRIS — In this city, May 28. 1902, to the
• wife of Philip Harris of Bakersfleld, a soj..
O'RILEY — In- this city. May 23, 1902, to the
wile of E. J. P. O'Riley, a son.
SHOREY — In Oakland, May 25, 1902, to the
wife of Caatain W. T. Shorey, a Son.
VINCENT— In this city, May 20, 1902, to the
wife of Paul M. Vincent, a son.
WEINBERG — In this city. May 1, 1902, to the
wife of J. W. Weinberg, a daughter.
MARRIED. ~"
BENTLEY— DAVIS— May 20, 1902, at the resi-
dence of George S. Wood, . Glen EUyn HI
by the Right Rev. William B. Leonard
Bishop of Ohio, Daniel Bell Wagner Bentley
and Mabel Davis, daughter of Bernard
Davis.
SHANNON— WEINBERG— In this city, May
25, 1902. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, ; Maurice
E. Shannon and Hannah Weinberg.
__ ________
Calkins, Charles L. McGinty, John
Carlson, Emma Magnier, Anastasia
Cassin, Frank . Mahon, William
Cole, Rev. H. H. Mattson, John E. '
Comerford, Mary Murphy, Mrs. J.
De Long, Grace E. O'Brien, John T.
Heffron, Patrick Parker, William H.
McGinn, George F. Saunders. Emily C.
CALKINS— In Lovelocks, Nev., May 27, 1902,
Charles L., beloved husband of Amelia Calk-
Ins, son of M. D. and Elizabeth Calkins, and
i brother of L. S., H. M., W. P.. T. D. and U.
Calkins, a native of Waukeuan, 111., aged 37
years 3 months and 2 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 1311B Hayes street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-' / '
CARLSON — In Moheda, Sweden, May 10, 1902
Emma, dearly beloved wife of John Carlson,
a native of "Moheda, Sweden, aged 29 years
4 months and 25 days. * ¦. ¦¦ ¦
CASSIN— In thia city. May 28, 1902, Frank
Cassln, a native of Ireland, aged 87 years 4
months and 13 days. .;
1C~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral -to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11' o'clock, .from Pioneer Hall
'- Fourth street, near Market. • Interment Lau-
relHill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. ...
ALAMEDA ADVFiTlSE^EtNTS.
-s "~ rL ''''"'' vN ~ ><s^~ > ~^ > ~'"~ > ''*''^^
ADMINISTRATOR'S REAL ESTATE
AUCTION SALE
of the
CHOICE BUSINESS X\D RESIDENCE
PROPERTY
Of the Late Mrs. W. A. Jenner. (
Sale on the Premises. ' |
SALE— SATURDAY. May 31. at 4 p. m.
The first piece of property that will be sold
is situated on Santa tiara ave., between Oak
and Park sts.. lot 75x150, with two houses on
eame; will be subdivided to 6Ult purchaser.
The second piece of property that will be
Bold is a house of six rooms, with lot, lo-
cated on VV^bb ave.. near Park st.
This Is a grand chance to get a fine piece
of Alameda business property. The same
xnuEt and will be sold to settle up the estate.
EDWARD B. LYMAN. Administrator.
A. F. ST. SURE, Attorney for the Estate.
J. A. MUNIiOE & CO.. Auctioneers.
Office, 1501 Park St.. Alameda. Cal.
Tel. Grand 176.
ALAMEDA FLATS.
FOR RENT— Furnished . house, 9 rooms. $55;
• inferences. 925 Santa Clara ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BURKELBY HEAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL SALE.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
, AT AUCTION.
SO Choice Residence and Business Lots j
SO Choics Residence and Business Lots
In
HOME PARK TRACT.
WEST BERKELEY,
Opposite ' -\
The Pacific Coast Furniture Factory and
Corbln Station.
Saturday, May 31, 1902, on the property.
Lunch at 1 p.m.. served free. Auction «aU
2 p. in.
Ternw — One-third cash, balance to 6ult pur-
chaser. To reach the sale : Leave San Fran-
cisco at Market-st. ferry, broad-gauge, at
10. 10:30 or 11 a. in., 12 m. and 12:30 or .1
11. m. ,.. .
. Buy ticket for West Berkeley, change care
at Shell Mound. Transit time direct to th»
tract is about 45 minutes. - ;
For maps and particulars apply to ¦ -
D. PRATT, manager and general agent..
Office. Pacific Coast Hotel, on the tract.
Or WOODWARD-CUSHMAN CO., 11 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco. Cal. . •
ALWAYS IN THE LEAD!
INVESTIGATE THESE!
917 — $1000 — >50 cash. ?12 per month; 5 rooms:
50x138; macadamised street; con-
venient to Berkeley station. '
909 — $1600 — 50x135; 5 rooms, bath ana base-
ment: house alone worth the
money. •' .,
010 — ?1S5O — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
bright and cheerful.
919 — (22ZO — 10x112; up to date cottage. 6 rooms,
bath and basement; finely decor-
- ated : beautiful fixtures.
906 — $2500 — 10x125; new modern cottage. 15
rooms, bath and basement; close to
• Berry man' station.
908 — $2500 — N«w 2-story house of 8 rooms,
••; bath, Vtc. ; a fine home; large lot;
¦ "• /y : • ¦ good street.
.. '.Larger houses from $3000 to $8000. Special
bargains in lots. A very extensive list.
H. P. IRWTN. Lorln Station. '
Joseph J. Mason, real estate &. insurance agent:
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience,' bath,
etc; easy payments. MURDOCH. 514 Pine.
Mill Valley. Advertisements.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MILL VALLEY — To let. cottage of 2 rooms
and tent furnished for June. July and Au-
guft. Owner. 518 Jersey St.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY. ~
OAKXAXD FURNISHED HOUSES. •
FOR RENT — Furnished, for -3 or 4 months, one
of the most elegant homes in Oakland; on
• very favorable terms to the right party. TV".
E. BARNARD. 476 Tentn St.. Oakland.
OAKLAXD FUHXITURE FOR^SALE^
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st. ; Oakland. '
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete:
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts. '
ARIEL and solar flats. 525-531 Turk — Hot and
cold water baths, electric lights free; fur-
nlshed or unfur.; tel. East 312. Sutter 41. j
ASH ave., 220, near Van Ness — Neatly fur-
nished housekeeping flat; three rooms, laun-
dry and bath; reasonable. .
3 UNFURNISHED sunny housekeeping rooms.
618 Bryant st.
BRYANT. 1101 — 2 or 3 front rooms, complete
for housekeeping; cheap. .
FOLSOM, 834 — Bay-window and kitchen, bath; i
also three furnished, separate or all together. ¦,
GOLDEN GATE ave., C22 — Sunny bay window
eulte 2 or 3 rooms; bath, laundry, gas range.
GROVE, 104 — Nice'.y furnished front suite
rooms with gas range. $15 per month^ .'
GROVE, 3C1 — 3 complete housekeeping rooms;
gas, bath, piano; adults; central; private fam.
HOWARD. S23 — Large front room, sunny,
light housekeeping; also single.
HYDE. iOS — Sunny basement suite; rear; yard,
laundry, gas stove: $13; also large single rm.
NOE. 347 — Three sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
THREE sunny furnished rooms for . house-
keeping: no children. Box 400. Call office.
WASHINGTON. 1326 — A . parlor suite of 3
housekeeping room;, furnished. Including
piano; sunny; private family; .reasonable;
must be rented by June 1 ; call any time.
Phono Polk 3365.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
ROOMS TO LET— Farm, and Vnforn.'
ANGELUS Open June 1
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
530 Stockton St., bet. Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; .McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK Ho'use, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per sight; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat tunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
EURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-.
nUhed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
COMPLETELY furnished offices and rooms at
318 Kearny Ft.: rent reasonable.
EDDY, 207 — Newly furnished front rooms, $1 50
to $5 per week. . .
ELLIS, 321 <Mo*art) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50, $C week; open all night.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms ?5c to
$1 50 night; gl 75 to $5 week; reading room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847 — Single front room,
opposite park; furnished; references required.
JESSIE. 363, near Fifth and Market — Fur-
nished rooms, $4, $5 and $6 per month.
KEARNY. 104 — Front suite two unfurnlshtd
rooms, $10; 4 rooms. $18; no children.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
POST. 636 — Large front room; running water;
light housekeeping; other rooms, $7, $8, $10.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par.
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
STEINER. 1325. cor. Ellis— 2 " large sunny
rooms; piano, gas stove, etc. ; $1S- per month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for -Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established- at 1090
- Valencia tt. *•¦--. . .
___——_——_—______.
A YOUNG artist, foreigner, wants a studio in
central location and In the house of a family
that couM furnish him with references and
price of rent. Box 019, Call.
PEHSOXALS. _
\1.VVI bas been manufactured for over fifteen
jears; it cured hundreds ot ailing women in
its drift vear and has cured thousands of suu
Jerers every year since; booklet tor mother;
and daughters mMlc-d tree. The Viavl Co.,
Van Ness ave.; pucne liast US2. San
Francisco.
jji LAUV of a noble family wishes to convey
to a. writer of fame the high interesting In-
cidents and experiences of her -life; they
would make a. rare plot for a thrilline and
very nttractive Story? compensation moder-
ate. Answers under A. v. R., box 480, Call.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order
$10; with these suits we make an extra pair
ot pants iree of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. Ill* Market
st., between Seventh and Eighth. '.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outSt
$1 week; ladies' tailor made sultb skirts
shirtwaists, trimmed hats; gents' ar.d boys*'
baits, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
our new store. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 31S Mason.
MRS. E. R. DUNLAP. 34 Kearny et.— Ue^
ojient-d; hair and scalp parlors; hair dressing
rr.anicuring facial nuissago; skilled chiropo-
dy: advanced foot treatment taught.
KLKCTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hctel, 44 Third st., neau Market; 700 rooms
to « 50 j»er night; $1 50 to $6 per week-
iree 'bus and baggage to and from th* ferry.
¦A— WHAT do you think* O BERMAN. 48
E!l!s, makes colored shirts to order; $1 eacn;
game as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
DIU'N'KEXNESS. morphine £r.d all drug dis-
«-^es positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1S3» Polk St.. S. F.; consultation free.
HAIR dressing, any etyle. 25c; shampooing;.
oOc; manicuring. 25c; switches, wigs and
Iront pieces. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton rt.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. XJlO-1312 Stockton 6t.. near Broadway.
— Book for mien; amusing, mys-
~ : ,.y!ng. instructive. Two oentts for postage se-
f cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary St., S.F.
ENGINEERS and r&llroad men can find Car-
hartfg union-made overalls at SUMMEK-
FlJSm & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
UASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. -,
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. S07 Sansome St.. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns:
all the newest deslgT.s for summer goods. J.
W. EVAN'S. 1021 Market ft., near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Utilor. 721 Market st.
MONEY loaned at low interest; sold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
LIQUOR habit — A new, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box 552. Fan Jose. Cal.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-'
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FIXE priTS $10: dress pants. *2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — If your h2ir is falling or you are bald. call on
Dr.G. 6.1100:^.332 O'Farrell: send for circulai.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, ir.ole*. etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
SPANISH lessons and translations. 513 Mc-
Allister fit. «
RUPTURE cured: no operation, oain or lost
time. Fidelitv Rupture Cure. 2ti'4 Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. 57 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor," cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric medle. MISS EATON'. 1119 Sutter st.
ELIXTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.42" Sutter.
-ii»-->. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
T liy electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country ord erg.
Electric & electric light baths, massage, hot a*r
treatment for rheumatism.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Tra verse.ll'OMarket.
ALKREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
hair to Us natural color; fl; at alt druggist^'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
int-tanlly; lOo ar.d 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, clay books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing: $1 per year.
PHYSICIAXS AND SrKGEOJtS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden &. Porterneld, 6 Turk. |
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021^ Market st.. bet. Eixth asd Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073H Market.
R1^L|^ESTATE~-CIT^
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
. .: 2C5 Montgomery St.. opp. MUIc bldg.
NEW. MODERN HDYE-ST. FLATS
•¦ - (Just Completed,). . .
51000 cash flOOO cash
BALANCE AS RENT.
SNAP.
BARGAIN.
Buildings aione could not be duplicated for
*1(X«J more than the price asked.
EASIEST TERMS EVER OFFERED.
$1000 cash, balance on installments equal to
the rents of the property.
V > SEE THIS TO-DAY.
Agent on Property from 9:30 a. m. to 3 p. m.
g Eight new and elegant flats of 5 and 6
/r<>jir:s and bath each, just completed and
i j;:taining every modern convenience: hand-
and attractive in appearance, substan-
Vlal and well built; Interior elegantly fin-
ished: Darlors finished in blrdseye maple,
with handsome wood and tile,' mantels, gas
grates, etc.; entire lower portion of kitchen
walls tiled, tiled porcelain sink, cement wash
trays, tiled bathroom, with porcerain bath and
stationary wash stand, combination gas and
electric fixtures; all flats equipped with lat-
est style stationary combination kitchen
ranges: nickel -plated open sanitary plumbing
ttirousbout all flats. . . .
I.OCATION
Nos. 2642 to 265(3 Hyde St.. corner North
Point St.. overlooking the bay.
UNOBSTRUCTED MARINE VIEW. •
; - Hyde-st. Cars Pass the Property.
... NEI-SON. JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Monteornery at., opp. MUIs bldg.
A STYLISH RESIDENCE. ~™~ "
In style. English renaissance: 10 rooms and
baih; 30-foot lot; Juat completed: a large re-
ception hall, natural finish, with beam cell-
ing and paneled walls and a graceful stair-
'¦way: also living-room; dining-room finished
In gray fumed oak. panel walls and most
imposing built-in sideboard; chambers in
dainty French effects; most artistic through-
out: marble eteps; built-in settee: plate glass
windows ; built in accordance with special
designs; eun In every room; up-to-date in
everything; terms to suit. E. N. FRITZ.
Ashbury street, south of Frederick; take
Haight or Ellis, transfer to blue electric car
at Masonic ave.
MOST up-to-_t« houses in the city: If you are
looking for a. swell residence or flats fcr in-
come, see the beautiful buildings I am Just
completing on Union and Stelner sts.: 13
eold. only 3 left: large reception- halls and
living rooms; brick mantels, hardwood floors,
marble stairs, fine plumbing; the finest colon-
ial houses in the city: also a residence -of ti
rooms; NW. corner Twenty-flfth and Dia-
mond eU" lot 35xS0; price only $3700; aUo
good Income property. No. 4079 24th st. ; great
enap; price *7000. For terms apply on prem-
iums or 26 Montgomery St.. room 8. S. A.
BORN, builder and dealer in real estate.
S^yiO — AT a sacrifice to prevent foreclornre;
lot and 2 flats of 6 and •> rooms: near corner
Twenty-first and treat ave.; this property
must be sold. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24
Montgomery St., room 3.
14500 — TO prevent foreclosure, at a sacrifice:
_^-.ot 25x90; Improvements two-story house of
*W H rooms «-.n FUlmore et.. near corner of
T Halght. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery St.. room 3.
SACRIFICE— .House 8 rms,. $1400: 4erms same
as rent. Apply Alabama and Montcalm sts.
RKAI, ESTATE— COEyTn Y— For finl*
__FOR^SALE~NEAR SAN FRANCISCO——
Smtil tracts. ?60 to f90 per acre, on Rancho
Ootati. Sonoma. Co.; future value assured, as
San Franclpco is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st., for
pamphlets and information.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimpro\-ed iands In
large and email tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
uuin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALET & CARR. Realty and Min-
ing Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121.
$e50 — EAN JOSE cottage, S rooms, barn; must
be sol<1 for half its value. Address J. RUBEL,
1203 Eacle ave., Alameda. . ¦ >
Fsnta Clara Valley, San Joee and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. <B4 Market. S. F.. & San J.
FOR RAUE — Good paying roadhouse; bargain.
Apply Call office.
COLONY tract?, states, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg. -
CITY OF niCHMOa'D.
"^PFICIAL man of the City of Richmond mailed '¦
f :iee. RICHMOND LAND CO. due), ISi !
Crocker building, gan Francisco. ' )
FOUR big lots near business center, cheap.
A. I». BELL, 417 Parrott bids-: see owner 1-4.It is said King Edward will not go to
see plays in which sovereigns are bur
lesqued. " ; -, w v ..:
"I have not yet fully decided whether
I shall introduce. the necessary ordinance
or not. My action will be guided largely
by the evidence adduced from the liquor
dealers who have been cited to appear
before . the board next Monday morning
to show cause why the license shall no±
be raised. It is a knotty question to unA
ravel, because there Is some danger ofJ
driving some of the smaller saloons out r
of business while the larger ones couM
well stand the raise."
At the request of Attorney Joseph )3.
Tobin of the United Railroads the peti
tions for street railway franchises by
the Market-street Railway Company went
over one week. Similar action was taken
with the petitions of the. Union-street and
California-street railways.
be submitted to the people and the spe
cial levy could be rescinded.
'•The committee directed . the clerk to
write to various cities for information
regarding railroad construction and ths
operation of -railroads by electricity or
other modern methods. The committee al3o
decided to inspect the route of the pro
pesed line next Wednesday at 1 o'clock,
when conveyances will meet the Super
visors and railroad officials at Third and
Townsend streets. The committee desires
to inform Itself as to the localities where
the people might be Injured on the pro
posed route.. .
LWHL INSPECT BtfUTE.
George Center of the Federation of Mis
sion . Improvement Clubs said that the
organization is not opposed to the grant
ing of the new franchise, but it 13 opposed
to the maintenance of the tracks through
the Mission district. . Center declared thzir
the franchise should not be granted unle*.^
the company agrees to remove the tracks
in the Mission. Center said that section
8 of the proposed ordinance referring *o
the maintenance of the tracks,, is opposed
by' the people in the Mission.
M. Mujlaney protested against grranthvar
the. franchise and requested a continuance
for one week. D. J. Shine said the rail
road • running close to his residence has
damaged his Interests to a great extent.
A. B. Maguirc thought the company
should be given two years in which *o
build . the bay shore line and upon 'the
completion of the road the Mission tracks
should be taken up. Thomas Reed and
William Watson objected to the trains
through the Mission.
The Mission and Potrero Improvement
Clubs . filed a petition that the franchise
be denied unless the company flnlshsa
the new road in 18 months and agreed t.i
take up the tracks in the Mission within
two years from the date of completion of
the cut-off line. Eugene Sullivan, secre
tary of- the club, said that all the resi
dents of the Mission district have for
years been endeavoring to cause the re
moval of the tracks as a public nuisance
as well as a menace to life and limb.
A. F. . Roberts, president of th© Ocean
.View Improvement Club, spoke in favor
of the maintenance of the tracks through
the Mission. Roberts said that the res
idents of Ocean View district were put to
great inconvenience during the recent
strike and. the train . service was a great
accommodation.
WANT TRACKS REMOVED.
The Supervisors' Street Committee met
yesterday for**the purpose of considering
the application ' of the' Southern Pacift j
Company for .a franchise to operate a
"cutoff" line from Sunnydale avenue to
Sixth' street. A number of citizens ap
peared to oppose the granting of the new
franchise, while improvement club repre
sentatives urged that a condition be ex
acted in the ordinance requiring the
company to take up its tracks in the
Mission. The company was- represented,
by Attorney W. F. Herrin. General Man
ager Kruttschnitt. Jere T. Burke aJ\fc^
Chief Engineer Wood. f
General Manager Kruttschnitt statea
that In the construction o* the shore line
it is Intended to build four tunnels. At
present 43 trains pass through the Mission
dally, but that number would be reduced
to four upon the completion of the road.
The tracks in the Mission would, be main
tained to be used should occasion require.
Kruttschnitt said, as the company does
a large freight business through ta Ocean
View.
D. A. and H. A. Tessmer protest**'!
against granting the franchise on the
ground that the tracks would injure their
property.
Improvement Clubs Demand
Removal of Mission
Supervisors Consider Ap-:
plication of Southern
Pacific Company.
CITIZENS OBJECT
TO A FRANCHISE
• Adami' THalr Restorer -promotes jgr<3wth.< re
stores color acd beauty, to thin gray hair. 50c. *
- A special meeting of ; the Health Board
was held yesterday^ and I. the ; following
changes were \made:.": Miss 'Esperset, ap
pointed matron of ' Park Emergency Hos
pital, vice Mrs.- K. C. Johnson, resigned;
Arthur Downs, appointed steward; at- the
Twenty-sixth-street Hospital." vice 'J. C.
Jenkins, resigned; ¦; William Jennings 're
signed position of orderly at the/Twenty
slxth-street -Hospital. -. The ; vacancy ? has
not been filled.- " _ ; ..
Health Board " Meeting.
Bekins Van and Storage Co. will move your
household goods rain or shine. 630 Market st. *
Connor says that while there was con
siderable opposition manifested against
the increase by a majority of the board
at the caucus* on Wednesday there can be
no question of its^ advisability.
"We -will have an additional revenue of
about $350,000." said Connor, "if we raise
the license. to $200. Of this amount I
would be Jn favor of apportioning $100.00i
to the. schools. $100,000 to the Police De
partment and $150,000 to the Improvement
of streets, as requested .by various im
provement clubs.- I voted for the special
levy^for schools only with, the under
standing ¦ that : the _ money . could not be
raised by some other, means. .This $100,000
from licenses would * tide* the Board of
Education over until the bond issue could.
Supervisor Connor Intimated ' yesterday
that ah .ordinance will be Introduced at
Monday's meeting of . the board providing
for an increase in the retail liquor license
to $200 per year. When Connor was asked
if he contemplated such a course he re
plied that if the board did not adopt some
.measure in that line the people would
'take it in hand and vote for a license of
$500. : ¦ ¦ . ,.¦¦¦¦
to Benefit.
Police Department and Streets
Supervisor Connor Wants - Schools.
LIQUOB LICENSE EAISE.
: ' In the Matter of the Estate of James G.' Fair,'
Deceased.— Be it known; that I, Nettle R.' Cra
ven-Fair.", whose answer to the petition of .the
executors' of the, last will of James G.Y. Fair,
deceased, fort final diftrlbutlon.of; the estate
of • said ¦ James - G." Fair,".- deceaaed, 'Is- on
file . herein,,,do . hereby .waive :, my right "' of
appeal and, all rights '.of; appeal to the Su
preme ' Court ¦ or .the < State of.- California ¦¦- from
the .decree . of ; final ¦ distribution * of , said estate
of t said , James G. Fair, deceased, - dated-. May
li. 1 VWi. ¦-; iri the ' above court : and matter/ and
text of ' ageeement:
The . agreement ; signed ' by Mrs. ; Craven
reads as :f olio ws :.:.., ¦ '
;' Nettie ,R. Craven,! after ' battling- vin the
courts -. for more than seven- years \ for a
share of ;the estate of the late James G.
Fair, whose widow she claims to be, has
accepted $50,000 and waived all her claims
and rights to appeal from the decree of
final distribution signed by Judge Troutt
on. the 12thiinst. The waiver and consent
to settlement were filed yesterday, Mrs.
Craven -having been paid the money
Wednesday night ¦•'.-: !\ '¦'•
In accepting ! $50,000," Mrs. -Craven suffers
a loss of $250,000, for at' the commence
ment of> the* Craven- Fair, litigation • she
wasofEered $300,000. She demanded $500,000,
but the executors of- the .vast estate, re
fused to accede to her demands. That was
seven years/ago, and. the .legal battle that
followed . the executors' refusal has • cost'
the Fair -.estate thousands "upon thousands
of dollars. ¦ :
NETTIE CRAVEN
GIVES UP FIGHT
Numerous bids for street work were
opened at the regular meeting: of the
Board of Public Works yesterday. The
Union Paving Concrete Company sub
mitted the lowest bid for. paving Mission
street, between Silver avenue and Ocean
avenue. The estimate of. the work was
$22,500 and the company was within the
estimate. It was awarded the contract
Bids for Street Work.
Registration of Voters.
In spite of the fact that the citizens of
tan Francisco have had since January 1
fn which to register, but 12.500 have
ivailed themselves* of the opportunity.
The registration of 1900 was 80.000, whiqh
r.ould leave C'.DOO yet to register. Thos
tvho desire to participate in the primary
Knd have not registered since January 1,
m«, have till August 2. a period of fifty
two'legal deys, in which to enroll their
names. This would make a daily average
of about 1200. In order to accommodate
these who find it Inconvenient to come In
the daytime xhe Election Commissioners
have approvAd the recommendation of
the Registrar to keep the ofllce open
evenings, and from Monday. June 2.~ till
further notice, the office will be open
fiom 7:00 z>. m. till 10 p. m.
Coroner Leland leaves this morning
with his family for Minneapolis, where
he will attend the Grand Aerie of Eagles
as a delegate. He will visit several of
the larger Eastern and Western cities on
his return and inspect the morgues. He
will be absent one month and the busi
ness of holding Inquests will' be performed
by Justices of the Peace Daniels and
Long.
Coroner Takes a Vacation.
quitclaim deed. It reads .-iir part -as. fol
lows^v :¦{:>,'"'.¦¦¦.'¦¦ ¦ :¦••* ..'¦- -,
• This indenture, made this 2Sth day of May,
1902. by and "between "Nettle R. Craven-Fair,
sometimes called Nettie R. Craven,, of the city
and county of San Francisco, ; the • i>arty of th«
first part, and S. 1 G. -Murphy of the -same place,
the party of the second part. The party of the
first part gives up all her rights, title and In
terest In the property, lots, .pieces and parcels
of land described In the Inventory of the estate
of James G.Fair. ¦*,<•'.
' The foregoing document is .witnessed by
Stephen Roberts, ' who Is a frienu and ad
viser of '.the famous- litigant. The con
sideration named is $5,- but Mhe stamps
attached evidence that the lady received
$20,000 or $50,000. from S. G. Murphy, presi
dent ; of the; First National Bank.
•The other documents were -filed by the
attorneys of Mrs. Oelrichs^ and Mrs. Vir
ginia Fair- Vanderbllt.". Messrs. Bishop &
Wheeler,' S. M. .Wilson. Mountford ¦, Wilson,
Reuben H. 1 ' Lloyd and half a dozen other,
attorneys | employed during : the litigation
sign ? quitclaim ' deeds - to > the property > of
the Fair. estate. , ¦ • ' ¦ ¦ . - , ,-.-
THE [ PAPERS FHiED.
Three "papers were' filed • with . the Re
corder which -bear I directly, on • the com
promise. .-One 13 a legal document signed
by : Mrs. Craven, and is the nature of a
Attorneys - for .Nettle R. Craven-Fair.
do hereby consent that said decree of final dis
tribution shall become , and be from J this date
final and conclusive; and hereby waive and
abandon my * right of . appeal ' and all rights of
appeal 1 from any,' and' all other rulings, , orders,
'decrees and 'Judgments, \by -whatever name or
names designated, or denominated,' which have
been- heretofore'. entered in the' matter of said
estate of James G. Fair, deceased, and hereby
authorize, direct and Instruct ¦ my attorneys,
and each of them, and the clerk of! said court
to finally dismiss, vacate and abandon any and
all motions, notices, appeals, -bills' of excep
tions;' petitions ;¦ and .other' proceedings on my
behalf In the matter of said estate. •'- •
-..•:. NETTIE R. CRAVEN-FAIR.
• .Witnesses— Stephen /-Roberts, J. G. Maguire.
" - W. W. FOOTE,
¦ ' : ' PENCE & PENCE,
' • . J. G. MAGUIRE. ,
• Instructing the secretary to confer with the
California,; Promotion Committee to ascertain
what it offered -in the v way of financial cc
¦ operation and r on what term?; that Uhe coun
' ties of the Coast, Counties* Association havs a
jc'.nt exhibit : af the St.. Louis ExDosltlon.- in
' wh'ch.eacK 'locality, and county will be given
. proper credit;, that, the secretary be instruct
' • «1 to obtain information regarding the Knights
'of. Pythias who are to visit California and
that each "organization' be requested to co
... operate with the' local lodges in entertaining
the visitors. • ¦-¦'-. > . ¦
' An excursion to Alum Rock Park after
• -the meeting was .enjoyed by the visitor*.
•This Jvenlng.^he delegates were tendered
a banquet' by^ the -Santa Clara Valley Im
provement Club at the Hotel Vendome.
The • dining-room was. handsomely - deco
% rated : and i.fm ¦' . elaborate menu ' served.
/ About. 150. prominent. citizens of San Jose
Swere present. George, B. McKee wastoast
* master. 'Those', who were: v
1 "San Luis Obispo County,", Benjamin Broftks;
"Coatt. Line," -Paul Shoup: VMonterey Coun
ty,"- W...-J. Hill; '"Health of the Coast Coun
ties,", Pr. ¦'.William Simpson;- "Santa Cruz
County; J " Duncan McPherson; "The Press," J.
' O. Hayesi/'SanBonlto County." L. W. Jefter
,-scn; ¦•¦' "Oiir 1 'Mew' Orgfanizatlon." Judge M. H.
Hyland; "Santa Clara County," Dr. Ell Mc
, Clish;>."San'iMateo County,". F. H. Thorpe.
Business men eonjcresate at Cafe Zin>
k&nd for lunch. Good service. •
The Ocean Rest Cure.
, Tahiti and Return, by Dr. Partscli.
Oceanic Steamship Co.. 643 Market St. •
'PRESIDENT AND MEMBER OF
/> CENTRAL COASTS COUNTIES
¦ ¦; ASSOCIATION. . ;
Schussler also stated that water mains
are being laid . in Ninth avenue to Par
nassus avenue, but until grades are offi
cially established nothing can be done on
Parnassus avenue. The Board of. Works
will be requested to take up the matter.
Schussler informed the committee that
ir.ains had been laid in Hinckley street
and everything is ready to connect the
standplpe in the County Jail.
Chief Engineer Schussler of the Spring
Valley Water Company appeared before
tfie Supervisors" Fire Committee yester
day Avith a request that a lease be given
by the city for a period of ten years for
the erection' of a water tower on the
highest .summit of Pacific and Presidio
Heights. Schussler. explained that the
tower is necessary to increase the water
supply In the surrounding district. Ac
tion was deferred for one week.
Erect a Tower on Highest
... Summit. -
Fpring Valley Company Wants to
EETTER WATER SUPPLY
TOR PACIFIC HEIGHTS
Mitchell Phinips, E. J. vTilcox, I. B. McMahill,
IF. D. Mathews.
¦ Judge, Vanderhurst of | Salinas was
nominated for temporary chairman, but
declined, and Duncan McPherson, editor
of the Santa Cruz Sentinel, was elected.
He said something should long since have
l»e«n done for this section of the State.
A ..confederation of the counties would
bring us In touch with the world, and the
central coast counties would reap some
of the benefits that have accrued to Los
.Angeles. .' . ; ..
; 1. B. • McMahill was appointed tem
porary "secretary. A . committee consist
ing of Judge Vanderhurst, ~ Paul ."Shoup
and I. B. McMahill was named 'on per
manent organization. " L. W. Jefferson,
f!(-cretary of the San Benito Improvement
Club, then addressed the convention. Ho
was sure an organization that could bring
to the public attention the resources of
the section was needed. San. Benipi
County was not as well known as it
ought to be. j The coast counties were the
best place In 'the world to live. -and the
people would flock here when they foun>l
it out. t '.:.¦¦¦ -¦¦¦ ";...•... . '..
Benjamin Brooks of , the San Luis
Obispo Tribune- spoke of theresources of
his countyi Monterey County . was. ex
tolled' by * J. B.- Hebbron, while R.' H.
Jury. L:-.P.- Behrens and ; John' Morton re-'
ported for Sun Ma teo. County. '. : -. .,.-., !
ELECTION- OF ; OFFICERS.
At the afternoon session the constitu
tion and, V by-laws \ - were -: unanimously
adopted. •;¦ .'.-The } election 7 - of-. officers was
then taken up: and resulted' as follows:
President, V. 1 . 'A. Scheller. San Jose; \ice
president, \ Duncan " McjPherson,' ~ Santa
Cjuz; vice- presidents ¦' from • 'counties—
Santa Cruz.F. J, Coop; San Mateo, F. H
Thorpe; San': Luis Obispo.' G. Webster*
Santa .Clara,' R. B/ Roll,' president 'of
Commercial League; !San Benfto. S.^R.
CanReld ; "Monterey.- J. E. Steinbeck;-.sec
retary, Charles - A. . Ricketts,- San- iLuis
Ohispo; assistant secretary, I. B. McMa
hlll. San Jose Bank of San
Mateo CountyriRedwood City; ' - . ¦¦
•¦ San -Mateo. -Hollister ,and ' Saliha^;.were
candidates forr the .next quarterly"meet
ing. The champions of Hollister and Sa
linas withdrew .their nominations and San
Mateo was unanimously selected Vas the
place for the meeting on August, 29. .• . . •
. G. Webster", presented a resolution
which iwas. adopted.', urging the v >Sen
ators and Representatives; from* Cali
fornia. In Congress to use ; their .utmost
efforts to procure at Hhe' earliest "practi
cable date such legislative .action -ani
such appropriation of money as "niaybe
required to establish and equip, the mili
tary . post at the Naclmiento fanbho- «n
San Luis Obispo County. .This- Is one of
the four, military posts recently selected
by the United Statns. ' ¦--,- *¦'-}££**
JT. P. Cook of the Rural Press addressed
the .meeting, offering- much encouraire-
w en l: ¦ P^! 5 B A asIn p , a 1 k; was mentioned
by Av-P. Hill. A. resolution- was, adopted
indorsing the attitude of the Commission
ers and the purchaser of vthe park Thp
following-resolutions were, adopted':; '
Russell Harper, a newspaper man,:whb
lives at 2401 Buchanan street, took but^a
license yesterday to marry Miss Joseph
ine Schwartz, . who - resides at Ellis ; and
Octavia streets. Harper is the young
man who, on February 19 last, I procured
a license to marry T Ella Louise Lewis, a.
society girl of Honolulu," who was "stay
ing with her uncle at c 2407 Buchanan
street.- The latter was averse 'to 'the mar
riage, and sent his niece to Oakland = and ¦
prevented the marriage. Harper took . his
disappointment in a philosophical manner
and transferred^ his affection to "Miss
Schwartz. Harper was a passenger' on
the ill-fated steamer Rio. de Janeiro.
When that vessel sank Harper clung, to a
raft and was picked up. Both his legs
were broken. C Harper has : done consider
able work as '.Manila correspondent? for
various papers. ". >;»•; . -i' :-¦. . .
Russell harper Will Make a I Second
Attemptto Launch on Sea ';; •
"of Matrimony. . .;
PROCTTKES ANOTHER 1 > j ''¦
. LICENSE TO MARRY
San Mateo County — George H. Rice.- P. -, p.
Chamberlain. F. II. Thorpe, George C. Ross,
Y,. P. Behrens, George W. Lovie, John Morton,
R H. Jury. J.'W. Wrang. P. W. Berlnger.: •
Santa Clara County — R. B. Roll.. A. C.- Gage,
Dr A. E. Osborne, Santa Clara;. H. B.-Ed
wards. A. B. Smith. W. R. L. Jenks, C. -H.
Sawyer. Lob Gatos; E. G. Elnfalt. Gllroy; A.
B. Rogers, G. K. Estes, Phil W. Clark, C- P.
Berry.. Mountain View; PaulShoup, T.'-C* Bar
nett, J. H. Rucker, ,Ai- Sr Bacon, J. R. Ryland,
Monterey County— Thomas Work. James ,R.
Hebbron William Vanderhurst. M. B. 1 , Stead
man, I M. King. W.-J. Hill. W> A. Shephard,
¦W R. Hawkins, J. E. Steinbeck. John M.
Gardiner. William Sarles, M. S. Gamboa, J. O.
Valpey Charles Francee. ' . ¦ . -. .
San I-uls Obispo County — Benjamin Brooks,
D D. Boonard, C. A. Ricketts.. San 'Luis
Obispo: H. S. Wright, Paso Robles: . L. J.
Beckett. Pozo: O. Sellers. W. A. Wilmar and
M • Mahoney, Arroyo Granrte. . .:
San Benito County— L. W. Jefferson, J. . N.
Beach. William Hlgby, H. G. Copeland. M.
Canfleld. K. B. Abbe, J. E. Boynton, J. H.
Lynn, W. E. Palmtaff. . ¦
Sanla Cruz County — Duncan McPherson.' ;
DELEGATES OF COUNTIES.
To-day's convention was called,' by the
Santa Clara Valley Improvement Club of
this city, and was the result of the ef
forts of President X. A. Sc.heller. I In/rec
cp-niticn of this work Scheller was made
the first president of the association.
Hale's Hall was wetl filled this morn
ing at the opening hour. There were
nearly 100 delegates present and . many
business men. H. D. Mathews of the im
provement club called the meeting to or
der in the absence of President Scheller,
who is confined to his home- by illness.
He made a short address of welcome. ; He
said the delegates had gathered for the
purpose of advancing the interests of ths
section and knew much would be accom
plished. Assistant Secretary^ McMahill
of the improvement club called the roll
of delegates, and the following persons
answered: ¦ ' , \
sources exploited 'and its attrac
tions brought to the attention of the peo
ple- abroad. This is to be done through
the California Central Coast Counties Im
provement Association, which was,organ
ized here to-day by delegates froin San
Mateo, San Benito, Santa Cruz, Monterey,
San Luis Obispo and Santa Clara coun
ties and Santa Barbara north of the Santa
Ynez range. . The section . comprising
these counties has not been advertised
tibroad as other localities have, but lately
its citizens have bestirred themselves.
Their preliminary activity culminated in
to-day's convention.
No part of California is richer and has
s:s many attractions as the central coast
section. Its immense orchards and grain
aieas, seaside and mountain resorts,
through which runs the new coast road,
is bound to receive an impetus through
;he advertising that is to be done by the
i\o\v association. . ». ¦ * .
SAN JOSE, May 29.— The section of
California along, the coast be
tween San Mateo and San Luis
Obispo counties is to have its re-
Personally conducted excursions to Kansas
City and Chicago leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at S p. m. via
the Santa Fe. Cars used are the wide-vesti
buled improved Pullman tourist sleepers of the
very latest pattern. If you are contemplating
& trip East, you should first call upon or write
to the ticket agent of the Santa Fe. 641 Market
street. San Francisco, for illustrated pamphlets
end lull particulars. •
To the East in a Tourist Sleeper.
Wong See Chung was also
taken to the hospital. It was
not known at 3 o'cl ck how
serious his injuries' were. He
said the men demanded th?
money in the store and when
h 2 refused 5lv>t him. i\- • .
The shot attracted some
Chinese and a fierce confltct
ensued, in which knives and
pistols were freely used.
Sergeant Helms .and several
patrolmen arrived . on the
scene and -succeeded in cap
turing three of the highbind
ers and enough weapons to
stock an arsenal. The high
birders, who were in var bus
stages of dilapidation from
knife wounds, were sent to
the Receiving Hospital to be
catchedup and then trans
ferred to the tanks.
Wong See Chung, a Chi
nese ] merchant, who *e pbec
;of business Js at 726 D iF. ont
street,- was attacked at 3
'o'clock this " morning by : half
a dozen^ highbinders, wjiose
object was robbery, and
U hen ¦ he resisted the thugs
•^hot and seriously wounded
him. .
The Republican Primary Leaffue. heaJ
quarters Xo. 16 Geary street, is now giv
ing attention to registration. Citizens
who desire an honest administration of
public affairs should. register at once and
not delay the performance of this duty
A citizen registering at this time will oe
entitled ' to vote at the primary election
August 12 and the general election No
vember 1. The patriotic service of every
good citizen and taxpayer may be re
quired to give the finishing stroke to the
corrupt bosses at the August primary
election. The first duty of the citizen is
to register. An unregistered citizen is
like a soldier witho.it ammunition. In
the battle he cannot hurt the enemy and
is ISkciy to sret hurt. •
A few days ago the duty of leading the
boss fight In San Francisco was assigned
to Harbor Commissioner Mackenzie. It
5s now commonly reported that he will
not accept the leadership. As an extreme
resort Gage may send for AguirTe and
Kevane to organize district clubs. . '
In the several Assembly districts of San
Fr&ncisco the demoralization of the boss
forces is unparalleled. The district lead
ers of the old gang do not attempt to
conceal their disgust. They assert that
they cannot set a hint from Herrin.
Burns. Lynch. Johnny Mackt^izie or Jere
Burke as to how they shall line up and
to whom they shall report for orders. .•
BOSSES DEMORALIZED.
As there yet remains some patronage
for the Governor to bestow he has a
email following: of the expectant,, but the
knowledge tjiat the next Governor can
recall the appointments before the Legis
lature acts on them has not escaped the
observation of shrewd politicians. The
signs. are that the Gage appointees to the
Id arbor Commission. Insurance and Bank
«..lnmi£sions will be retired to the joys of
private life before the next Legislature
adjourns. It is this knowledge that
causes so much anxiety in the boss camp
concerning the man that the machine will
take up when Gage is openly retired from
the race. It is admitted all around that
Gage's chance for a renomination. which
vas not very bright before the San Jose
election and the San Quentin exposures.
nas now completely vanished. Every
body but Gage is aware of this fact. All
The aspirants for the favor of the.Repub
lican State Convention understand the
situation. Gage may entertain the illu
sion that the people desire his renomina
rion, but his right to deceive himself is
:iot questioned. The State officeholders
tvho want the favor of the next Governor
ere very much concerned. They are cast
ing about lo pet points as to the strength
of Preston, Schmitz, Flint, Pardee and
Edson.
The victory of the party in the Novem
ber election of 1898 was accepted by Gage
as a personal triumph and a public in
dorsement of his speech of acceptance.
The real facts are that harmony and
¦union of Republican forces, the prestige
of McKinley's patriotic administration
and the war enthusiasm were the causes
of triumph for the party in that election.
At the outset of his administration- Gage
lost the confidence of the best men of the
State by entering Into a political conspir
acy with the Southern Pacific Company
to deliver the United States Senatorshlp
to Dan Burns. ¦ .
PROUD OF HIS SPEECH.
The cloud of scandal over the Gage ad-'
ministration, caused by the exposure of
the Kern County bond transaction and
the rcvplatiors touching forgery and
theft at the San Quentin Prison, adds to
the general demoralization of the boss
forces. . It is obvious now to the dullest
cf politicians that Gage is too heavy a
load for any political parry to think of
carrying. There is some talk that the
Governor will make a grand stand play
by throwing. Kevane and Aguirre over
board in order to re-establish himself in
the confidence of the people, but his sup
porters who know him best aver that he
will go down to defeat and political exile
with Kevane .and Aguirre as his body
guard.
In the political history of California the
rise and fall of Gage will comprise an in
teresting chapter. Shortly' after he was
discovered th.re were several claimants
for the distinction of his discovery,
among them ColGnei Adolph Gassen of
Ban Diego, \\\ V. Herrin of "this city and
D. M. Burns of Hopland. At present
there is no rivalry among the former
claimants for the distinction appertain
ing to the discovery, but for the sake of
truth in history the real facts should be
developed. History that interests the
public in regard to the best Governors of
a commonwealth is not complete unless
it has some reference to the worst. when
Gage was notified of his nomination he
went before the convention which hon
ored him and made the worst speech ever
made to a nominating assembly.
. The .board adjourned to meet to-morrow
morning for further consideration of the
budget. - :
Brandenstein said that if any. salaries
were raised it was, understood that the
Health Board should not? increase the al
lowance for transportation of inspectors
Braunhart said that no. allowance. should
be made for transportation, which privi
lege, he claimed, had been abused. Emery
said that the board recommended the em
ployment of a veterinary inspector at $125
per month. .
"Irani opposed to any salary raising,"
said -Wilson, "while sewers and streets
are suffering for lack of appropriations."
"The market Inspection: is very impor
tant," said Braunhart. ."I notice that the
Fire Department gets pretty nearly all it
asks for. Whjr should not the Healtb
Department be dealt witn more generous
ly?" ; '¦ '¦ • . . .
"Well, we have the best fire department
in" the world," retorted Maybr Schmitz
. VYes, and- under the most disadvan
tageous circumstances," added Branden
stein. •' ¦' :' ' ¦ ¦ . ' :.
Braunhart referred to the fact that the
-Bureau of Engineering Is costing more
than- the office of City Surveyor under
the consolidation act, which did all engi
neering-work. Grunsky replied that more
work was being ' done by his office and
stated that former. -Surveyors received
larger fees for city work that did not ap
pear in the expenditures of the office.
. Secretary Emery of the Board of
Health asked- that provision be made' lo
•repair the Smallpox Hospital.
-."The Health Board is deeply interested
in the expansion of its field force, includ
ing, food, market and plumbing inspec
tors," Emery said. "Three plumbers
made 11,000 •¦ inspections last year and we
suggest that their pay be increased from
$100 to $115, or else that you allow us one
more plumbing inspector and more mar
ket inspectors." \
OPPOSES HIGHER SALARIES.
COSTLY ." ENGINEEBING.
. -Bfaunhart thought' likewise, in view of
the, fact that the company, had secured
valuable' concessions, both from, the city
i and -State. It was decided to send for
Captain A. H.'-Paysori, vice president .-o*
the company, -to lay the matter before
him. The board has under consideration
a resolution of agreement requiring the
'company to build three bridges, on Eigh
teenth, Nineteenth and Twentieth streets,
and the -bridge may be add
ed, v - ' ,' ¦ . • . > ¦ . -
The Finance Committee' has ¦ recommended
$43,900 for sewers, and there is one on Sixth
street which will cost $40,000 alone. On Elev
enth, near Harrison, the sewer Is in such baa
condition that 'it is unsafe to travel In the mid
dle of the street. Commercial street has to. bad
sewer and the proposed sewer extension on
Division street from Channel to . Ninth . would
cost $200,000. ¦ Paving operations have been de
layed from the bad condition, of. eewers. Th*
city must provide- for this .work even if you
have to go outside of the dollar limit, as you
did •¦ for : the schools and hospitals. To build
necessary sewers on Mission road will cost
If 40. 000 and $32,770 is required, for a sewer on
Baker street. : . .
' . Our total recommendation for repairing
streets was $350,000. which could be expended
at once. '. It. Is desirable to build a bridge on
Third street across Channel street and* .the San
ta' Fe Company has agreed' to meet one-half the
expense. •'¦. ¦¦.'.'. . .
"The company should pay the whole
cost," said ' Brandenstein. • ' ¦¦. 1*1 . I r
, City Engineer Grunsky made an appeal
for an appropriation of $509,000 for new
sewers, which he characterized as urgent
work. He said: . "
WANTS NEW SEWERS.
Brandenstein was still advancing and
Braunhart was not away, when
several Supervisors .with tne aid of- Mayor
Schmitz • prevailed- on • Brandenstein to
leave the room in order- to prevent a con
tinuance of the disgraceful incident.
"Don't you say I -am .insane.", said
Brandenstein, in great anger. « walking
threateningly toward Braunhart, "or there
will be one loud-mouthed., dirty blather
skite and ; gallery spieler less around
here.". --,',.
Brandenstein rose to speak and things
began to look warm when Mayor Schmitz
begged him not to carry the dispute any
further. The meeting then adjourned and
Brandenstein overheard Braunhart say.
"Why. that man must be insane."
Braunhart started "to reply, but Mayor
Schmitz rapped for order. Braunhart in
sisted on having his say. .
"Am I the only one to be called to
order?" said Braunhart. --, "I lave been
continually criticized and- 1 hope it will
cease. I Insist upon my- right as a mem
ber of this board. If I cannot enforce
it here I will enforce it in some other
place. .There- is no more garrulous mem
ber than the ¦ gentleman who has [pre
ceded me." ¦ : . '• •
"When this gentleman," said Branden
stein, "presumes to own the entire board,
including the Mayor, when one member
takes it upon himself to speak tor the
board and gives assurances that .some
thing will be done, I think it is time to
call a halt. I am tired of being owned
by Mr. Braunhart." .
BBANDENSTEN BEPLIES.
' Braunhart ! took exception to this re
mark, saying that I he was tired of con
stant personal allusions to himself.
"I would suggest," put in Brandenstein.
"that- some 'other members of this board
express their views as to how the money
shall be paid."
The incident began when Architect Al
fred Coffey was being questioned regard
ing the plans prepared by him for a new
City and County Hospital under the last
bond issue which had been accepted by
the city, and for which he/putin a. claim
for $5000. After close questioning the
board became satisfied : that the. claim is
a just'one, but was in doubt out of which
fund to pay tjie bill. Braunhart wa3
putting, a series of questions to Coffey.
which he concluded with the following re
mark: .
"Well.'lfwe give/you the assurance
that you* will be gala, out of the revenue
raised from the special levy of 7% cents
for a hospital that will be satisfactory,
will it not?" : .
The meeting of the Board of Supervisors
held yesterday to hear city officials on the
proposed tax budget was disgraced by a
wordy altercation between Brandenstein
and Braunhart. - The interference of
Mayor Schmitz was necessary to prevent
the two belligerents from Indulging- In a
fist fight. Bad blood has existed between
.the two Supervisors for some time past,
but none of It. was ever spilled ; in ' their
verbal bouts. If the Mayor had not
stepped, in and Induced Brandeustein to
walk away Jrom .the scene the trouble
might • have culminated seriously.
Three Wounded Thugs Are
Captured by the
•.-.. . ¦ Police.
Bess Forces in ih? Assembly
Districts cf the City
Demoralized.
Wordy Altercation Disgraces.
Board's Consideration
of Budget. /:
Attempt to : Rob Him
and Fire When He
Resists.
Brandenstein and Braun
hart Nearly Come
to Blows.
Gage Is Practically Out
of the Contest for
Governor.
GOSSIP IN CUP
OF POLITICIANS
HIGHBINDERS
SHOOT CHINESE
STOREKEEPER
ANGRY CLASH
OF SUPERVISORS
vTMiU feAiN. ... Jfc ! KAJVUJbUO -JUAJJ.L,.. lJUilDAY, MAi (5V 9 1\^K:,
Enterprising Residents of tile* Central Coast Region - of California
Begin Their Convention jn the Garden -City and Prepare
for More Vigorous Labors iri; the? ; of "Prosperity
COUNTIES FAMOUS FOR PRODUCTS
UNITE FOR COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY
14
Weak Eye* StrenJ thensd, /
Gainful or Inflamed eyes la-
3?*aHiS*& ttantly relieved withGiiORGa
MAYERLES German Ey«
'^/.H»>^ Water. 60c. at 1071 Market
. yllWT ... . it. .TtL South 572. None Ma-
•^. uia« without thU trademirlb
"™™"*"'*"™"S»5SS!i^STT~fl***?""TflrffiW*j?k
In order to prepare
for crur g£*e»<-"^
beg'stsningMondgK^nexf
ATI v kkTTK M M V, NTS
SILK COATS I
AT VE«r SrEC/At P/I/CE3.
FOR SATUHDAY ONLY. ll
Silk garments stand very hirt in If
popular favor this season. And «le- I]
servedly so. for no other garments de- I]
signed for outdoor w^ar can approach If
them In richness, stylishness and ef- I
fectlveness. But In sorting over our E
Block we find too many of certain stylea hi
— some of the latest and handsomest. ¦
too. By to-morrow night this trouble I
¦hould cease to exist. Read below for I!
the reason. |!
MOIRE SILK ETONS— ve»y natty lit- ll
tie Karments^-regular price $10: to- H ¦
morrow ?T4XO i]
PEAU DE SOIE ETONS, with capes— If
jaunty as can be — regular price $13- 11
to-morrow 912.0O I
MOIRE GIBSON BLOUSES, with pep- |]
•lums;also Taffeta SilkOlbson Blouses I
—regular price $17.50: to-mor- I
row .TT*13.30 I
TUCKED TAFFETA JACKETS, with V
¦ white facings — also Silk Jackets, with *
shawl collars and white satin linings I
— regular price $22.50; to-morrow. .'.. R
...- flS.OU hi
FULL-LENGTH MOIRE COATS— Q
made with capes and flare flounce ¦
and lined 'with white satin. Also £S- |
inch Moire Jackets, with sailor col. M
>lar«. Regular prices $32.50 and $30— ll
to-morrow ....'..:. $S5.O<> f
THREE-QUARTER PEAU DE SOIE H^.,
COATS, with capes — lined -with white II W
satin — regular price $37.50— to-mor- B ~
row ....: 93O.0O I
THREE-QUARTER MOIRE COATS— S
beautifully llneii with white satin— m
regular price $47. 5ft— to-morrorv 1 1
•••? $40.06 ij
I>obertWalu c J
THE FURRIER C I
Millinery -Cloaks • Suits 1
219 Grant Avenue |