Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued- on Page Two.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G
STREET, N." W.,'WASHING
TON, June IS.— Considerable
comment was ocefsioned in
naval circles here to-day by
the caustic lone of Rear Ad
miral Crowninshield' n disapproval of the
recommendation for a court-martial- made
by the court appointed by Captain Crai?
to Inquire into the arrest of the four offi
cers of the Chicago at Venice. It is pre
dicted that changes will soon be made in
the assignments of Captain Dayton, .or
Captain Wynne. Lieutenant Doddridge
and Surgeon Ledbetter, who were arrest
ed. It is predicted by naval officers here
that friction will arise between those offi
cers accused and Captain Dayton, who
was president of the court. It is consid
ered somewhat unusual thst Captain Day
ton should be made the head of a court tu
conduct an Inquiry regarding his own otfl
j cere. Captain Dayton, it appear?, had,
I before the court was ordered, expressed
an opinion on the case in his telegram ex
plaining the situation. In that message
he said that one of the officers was drunk:
The^ Chicago left Gibraltar yesterday for
they declined to do. Rear Admiral A. S.
Crowninshield, commanding the European
squadron, in reviewing, the findings of the
court, severely censures Captain James II.
Dayton, commander, of the Chicago, for
not personally attending to the defense of
the officers and comments on the "revolt
ing Indignities" suffered by the officers
while confined at Venice. Under the cir
cumstances Admiral Crowninshield holds
"a court-martial would be a farce."
Captain Dayton's court of Inquiry mi
nutely traces the movements of the offi
cers of the Chicago o» the day of their
arrest, and says Lieutenant John S. Dod
dridge and Surgeon Robert E. Ledbetter
were' "affected by liquor to a noticeable
extent, but were not intoxicated in the
ordinary moaning of the term, and there
Is no evidence that the other parties were
affected by drinking." . .
The disturbance arose when Captain
Wynne, commanding the marine guard of
the Chicago, seeing Doddridge and Led
better sitting outside of the Florlan
Cafe, gave a hall, unusual In this place
resembling "yl, yi.'yi." "* '
IN; SELF-DEFENSE.
Havre. . _ '
NEW LIGHT ON AFFAIR.
LONDON; 'June IS.— TheVext of the find-
Ings of the court of\ inquiry in the case of
the United States naval officers impris
oned at Venice in the latter part of April
throws a new and important light on the
affair. It now appears that the* United-
States Consul at Venice, iHenry A. John
son, and the lawyer provided, by -him for
the defense, urged the officers to plead
that they were violently drunk. This ¦
Lieutenant .Doddridge and Surgeon Led
better. ran toward Captain Wynne, upset
ting chairs and, two small tables. A
large crowd, and the police immediately
surrounded Lieutenant Doddridge, who
endeavored, to explain.
"The crowd," the findings continue,
"pressed -on, shouting and gesticulating'
TTut were not well controlled by the police.'
The : police - secured Lieutenant Doddridgo
and ( apparently . at the same time the
crowd attacked him. Lieutenant Dodd
iidgc was roughly handled by the .''police.
it is utterly, impossible at-thls distance
to - forecast what Ithe national -gathering
will do, because not one delegat-i'iias yet
been' elected. The anthracite' delegates
will go Into the convention' with 142,000
striking hard coal miners at their backs
for a general strike. The West Virginia
delegates ; will, have . approximately 25,000
behind them $pr a striker and in • Michi-
WILKESBARRE, Pa., .June' 18.— There
are approximately about 430,000 coal min
ers :in the United. States. 1 ; Of these about
350,000,- President Mitchell . says, are. af
filiated with the union and an- additional
50,000 comply with' the " legislation of the
miners' union. / : . .,
The basis for the apportionment of dele-^
gates to the convention is one for every
hundred members of. the local unions or
fraction over fifty. This will give the
convention a voting strength of- from. 1700
to 1800.. AT. bare .majority can a
strike. The anthracite j regions have ¦ 747
votes, Virginia and Michigan, which join
ed In i the call fo>r the convention, have 52,
making 799 votes from these five districts,:
which united to call : the convention.
As stated at- headquarters, -^conditions
are not satisfactory to the Inlners in
Missouri,.- Kansas, Arkansas and Indian
Territory and it Is believed the delegates
from these sections will vote for a' strike.
PROSPECT OF . GENERAL STRIKE
this .'city by Secretary-Treasurer
Wilson. The convention, will meet here
July 17 to determine whether the soft coal
miners of the country shall go out on
strike to assist the striking anthracite
miners of Pennsylvania. ¦¦ ~ \
fNDIANAPOLIS. June 18.— An of
ficial call, for a national convention
of the. United Mine Workers, of
America was Issued this afternoon
from' the national headquarters In
• . - - - ¦ . ¦ ¦ . . ¦ . v - ¦ . : ; . — v
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED MINE ¦ WORKERS OF AMERICA, "WHO
HAS CALLED! A SPECIAL NATIONAL CONVENTION TO BEHELD
AT INDIANAPOLIS TO CONSIDER THE COAL STRIKE. '
gan. where the union has been having
trouble, the delegates will also be In
structed for a national suspension. Cen
tral Pennsylvania will contribute a cer
tain number, of delegates who will want
a general. strike, as will also Kentucky.
It , remains for Western Pennsylvania,
Ohio. Illinois and Indiana to offset this,
as it is officially understood the miners
in these districts are not very enthu
siastic, "for ; a general stoppage of coal
production.
MITCHELL HAS A PLAN.
There; is a strong belief here that
President Mitchell has some plan to sub
mit-to the delegates, and this belief is
strengthened by- the fact that he delayed
the call so long. He had a conference
.with 'President Patrick Gllday of the
Central Pennsylvania bituminous district
oh Sunday, and has been in frequent
communication with soft coal leaders in
the W^st.
.The great, barrier to be overcome in the
campaign for a national suspension is the
yearly .wage scale agreement that many
o£ ,the soft coal miners have with the
companies. These agreements arc looked
upon as contracts, and .a large percent
age of * miners ' in .the West ara rather
averse to" breaking them. The principal
bone of contention. in the anthracite re
gion .is for. a ( yearly wage agreement.
Those who - are opposed to a general
strike use the argument . that i f the soft
coal miners break these contracts and ~o
on strike, to. help • the anthracite men
they -would be losing in the West what
the hard coal 'miners, are fighting for In
the East.. Some of the national leaders
who .have , discussed - the . subject at strike
headquarters; say that if the life of the
organization was in, danger the conven
tion-would not hesitate to callfor a na
tional strike.'- " .
Martha Huyaer was struck by a stone
and one of her arms was badly hurt.--.lv
reporter who was in the mill was hit on
the head with a stone and his scalp laid
open. The mob swarmed into the 'mill.
and it would -have been wrecked lnsicie
as well as out had not a patrol wagon'
A section of the mob made 'for the Eam
ford home, close by. The police sought
to head them off and ; did so, but a shot
T/as fired and a bullet went through Pa
trolman Robinson's right arm. It sta;>
gewkl him, and as he was regaining his
fe«t a jagged stone hit him on the hcaii.
laying open the scalp. Supported by
comrades Robinson was taken to the
Ifami'crd home. The remaining: three po
l!cenn--n drove back the mob from tha
hov.se and the attack on the mill was re
newed. Thc v young women in . the mill
tried to get out and were driven back,
but escaped later by the rear.
BULLETS AND STONES.
The mob rushed through the cotton
works and did much damage and contin
ued down the street to Bamford Brothers'
mill In Cliff street. Here four policemen
faced the mob for fiv» minutes, tellinjj
them that the employes had gone out by
the rear doors and the works were closed
down, but they were unable to prevent
serious damage being done to the prop
erty, and were themselves much beaten.
Assign. "Dyers' Helpers Wanted." • dis
played at the mill entranccTpartieulLriy
enraged the rioters.
Just beyond the Cedar Cliff Is tlio
Rynewarner milt. The doors were. burst
open there, and the men and girls were
found ready to go out. The mill was
closed. The next place visited was a cot
ton braid factory. It seemed to make :io
difference to the mob whether it was In
any way connected with the silk trade or
not. The women became hysterical aa
the howling rioters climbed in windows
and burst in the doors. Mr. Relnhardt.
the owner, ordered his employes to quit
for the day.
The mob then swept on down Belmont
avenue. Several members of the Group
of Existence. Bresci's old comrades, with
Galleano at their head, were in the lead.
A half mllo march brought the mob to
the Cedar Cliff mill, where they stayed
until all- the operatives were out.
GALLEANO AT HEAD.
President Grossgebauer telephoned for
the police. Stones rained into the office
and flew about his head. Twenty younc
women on the first floor stood at bay am!
threatened to fight, and the weavers on
the second floor ran down to their aid,
but all were thrown out of the mill.
A quarter of a mile doTrn Belmont ave
nue stands the Columbia mill, a silk rlh
bon factory. The doors had been locked
when the mob appeared, but they were
forced open, and with the crash of the
doors came a volley of stones which rid
dled the windows in the front of the
building.
Then McQueen leaped into control of the
meeting. He calledTior a vote on the
question of calling for a general strike of
all branches of the silk trade. All voted In
favor, and a committee was appointed to
consider means for bringing the silk work
ers out. Galleano was one of this com
mittee. It gathered among a. babel of
tongues and a scene of confusion. Five
minutes later Galleano came from the
group shouting something In Italian. In
stantly a mob had formed about him. Into
it rushed the Italians and the other for
eigners and a moment later the mob led
by Galleano swept down Belmont avenue.
LEAPS- INTO -CONTROL.
the leaders of the- trouble . wa3 a man
named McQueen and another named Gal
leano, the former an Englishman and ths
latter an Italian. Others, agenta of an
archist circles, have also been quietly fan
ning the flames. This morning Chairman
McGrath. who. ha3_ held the strikers in
leash since he has obtained control of th»
second day of the strike, was on hand and
presided. He spoke ; so did McQueen and
Galleano and the latter worked hla coun
trymen into a frenzy.
ment In the affair from the start. Among
PATERSON. N. J.. j un o IS -Thia city
was in the hands of a mob to-day, and as
a result of the riots a number of persora
were shot and at least two will die.
The police were so fcw.'Tn number that
they could make little headway against
the mob.
Mills were wrecked with stones and bul
lets by the striking silk dyerd, helpers or
roughs acting for them, and there wera
threats to resort to the torch, but so far
the Mayor hesitates about asking Gov
ernor Murphy for troops.
There seems to be every Indication that
the riot was the result cf a pre-arranged
plan to Involve the would-be peaceful ele-
In summing. up .the .court finds that;
while, the actions -of _ Cadet Kresswere in
discreet, no further proceedings against
him should* be taken. 'The -same conclu
sion is arrived at regarding- Langley, and,
the court recommends that Lieutenant
Doddridge, .Captain Wynne ¦ and Surgeon
Ledbetter be ' tried by court-martial for
"conduct unbecoming "an officer and a
gentleman'' ; | that Lieutenant Doddridge'
fcrii! -Surgeon Ledbetter' be tried for "be
ing noticeably Effected by liquor and up.'
s*-t ting tables" and . chairs," and that Cap
tain Wynne be tried "for his unusual hall
in' the- quiet ; of .St.- Mark's square",- and
running among. ;chairs and" tables in a.
public v cafe. =.- ; : i , ; - / -".' J
| In quashing ail ; the recommendations
"The interpreter, 'who" was a consular
clerk, was not successful or satisfactory.
The strong feeling against the .officers
among the audience was frequently mani
fested" and no -efforts jwero made by the
magistrate to suppress the manifesta
tions." . : . . . ' ; ' ' ;- . . : : :¦
The court refers to the disadvantage at
which the officers were placed at the trial,
owing '.to 1 their-' Ignorance "of the Italian
language and laws, and says:
AT A DISADVANTAGE.
The officers pleaded self-defense against
civilians; that ,no police wero' knowingly
resisted and that their intention was not
to release Lieutenant Doddridge. but to
protect . him from violence inflicted by
outsiders.
"At the station," it Is added in the find
ings of the court, "there. was much,ex
citement. The crowd was at first allowed
therein, and no ofie appeared to be high.
In authority. The crowd shouted and ges
ticulated and the officers made demands
and protests. r Their treatment In prison
was severe and extremely humiliating,
but there is no evidence that the prison
rules were exceeded."
Captain Wynne. Surgeon Ledbetter, Na
val Cadet James C. Kress and Langley,
a marine, all forcibly endeavored to help
Lieutenant Doddridge, retaliating for the
assistance of the civilians, but not at
tacking the police. '. .
The French cruiser Suchet js at Caru
pano, .Venezuela: the British cruiser Alert
is at Ciudad Bolivar and the- Dutch
cruiser Koenigcn Regentcs lias arrived at
La Guaira.
and it required the assistance of citizens
lo effect his arrest. But there were no
means of distinguishing the persons as
sisting the police from those who were
wantonly attacking the prisoner."
After a revolt of the Government
troops in the- barracks at Ciudad Bolivar,
capital of the state of Bolivar, Governor
Sarria retreated with his followers to Port
Tablas, where President Castro had sent
him C00 men with instructions to make an
attempt to reoccupy Ciudad. Bolivar. The
plan is considered to bo chimerical. " .
Coro, the capital of the state of Fal
con,, where Vice President Ayala is in
command of the Government troops; is
besieged by the revolutionists and- when
advices left La Vela de Coro was expected
to surrender at any moment.
his Government. Neither has tlie > Colom
bian Legation here.. which' is watching the
si tifitlon' elbsclyi Vjr**-"' p* •'• ' ~*y" '-"¦ * "
"^rjTCj^MSTAD. Island of Curacao, Fri
day, June 13.— News reached here to-day
that after five hour s* fighting June 11 1000
Venezuelan revolutionists^ commanded by
Generals ; Riera, /Penaloza .' and : Sierralta,
captured La Vela de Coro, a seaport town
on trie Gulf of Coro. Of the Government
forces twenty-seven men were killed and
128 captured. .:
faires here, has received no advices from
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. . WASHINGTON, . June .IS.-Vene
zuela was the target of all eyes in the
State and Navy departments to-day. .No
advices bearing on the situation were re
ceived from any source. The State. De
partment is now thoroughly convinced
that the cable is cut at La Gualra. or that
Minister Bowen Is .not permitted by the
V nezuelan Government to send_any In
formation to this .Government. There is
reason to believe that the latter in the
case, because the cable was reported cut
on June?, but a commercial message was
received here from Caracas under date of
June 10. No message has been received
from Minister Bowen since- May SL- - .
The cruisers Cincinnati 'and \ Topeka
bbth left San "Juan for 'La Guaira. to-day.
Commander McLean's -instructions are
extremely clastic. ThoHwo ships will be
able to land" fully 200 'ir. i. ; still leaving
enough aboard* to fight. The- Cincinnati
carries one three-inch field gun,- together
with numerous smaller caliber guns.
"Senor" Pulldo, Venezuelan' charges d'af-
.- ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ • . * /¦ .
Special Dispatch to •The CJa.ll.
"My lands! When I went In the first
time he pointed the gun toward me and
paid he would watch every move I made.
When I came out he made a motion with
In answer to a question as to why she
did not warn her father while serving tfie
meal MiS3 Nlerhoff exclaimed:
GUN POINTED AT HER.
"I went toward the room," continued
the girl "and met Will Glover coming out
with a shotgun, on his shoulder. He told
me that he Intended to Jclli the 'old man'
and would kill rr.e if J said anything. He
watched every move that I made and I
was terrified. He said the gun had two
charges of buckshot and warned me that
a word cf warning to father meant death.
I called father to breakfast, and while he
was partaking of the meal Glover stood
behind a convenient door, gun In hand."
They drove to town, staying but a bhort
time, and Glovrr returned with her, go
ing to the ranch of Frank Withall. The
next morning Ehe heard her father get up
early and go out to his work, as was his
custom. Immediately afterward jshe
heard the cellar door open and footsteps
Bounded near hcr father's room.
Just before starting Will Glover went to
Kierhoff and bade him good by. Baying
that ho was going away. NierhofT re
plied, "I hope you never come Into my
house again." He further forbade Glover
from going with his daughter.
Glover remained that night in the house
fcnd the next day he spoke to her of going
to Cisco to work. Bhe Intended going to
Auburn, and It was agreed that she
should accompany him here, where he
would take the train. She got permission
to take the horee, simply tilling her
father that she wished to so to town.
IGNORES PARENTS ORDER.
All eyes were turned upon Agnes Nier
fcoff es she took the stand this morning,
for. except for the Glovers themselves.
ehe was the only witness of the tragedy.
She was allowed to- tell her story in her
own way. and. aside from a few queries
ns to distances, was not Interrupted.
Miss Merhoff said that she would be 14
years of age on July 31 and she had
known the Glover brothers for about one
year. Will Glover had been calling upon
her for about six months prior to the
time when he was taken Jnto the Xier
fcofC household as a lodger. lie did not
take h!s meals there, although occasion
t!Jy dining with them at their request.
»r.d almost invariably left the hou*c be
fore breakfast. There had never been
»ny trouble up to Jast Wednesday be
tween Glover and the family.
On the Sunday before the Fhnotin- Will
fnover told hcr that he had got a job in
* mine with Ids brothers and touted her
lo «rive him as far as Auburn. She con
sented, nnc Glover got his effects lo
fcether and they came Into town. Tie me t
his brothers here and they said th*y had
concluded not to go until tho next day
Vnu then asked her If she would drive
to his brother Oscar's place near Clipper
Gap, as he wanted to get a picture. She
Ccmurred. but finally yielded to his per-
Fuaslon and they returned together !at e
•n the evening to the Nierhoff ranch. At
this time the mother of Miss Nierhoff was
absent In San Francisco and she was
elone wiyi her father.
AGNES NIERHOFP'S STORY.
ever way the girl turned. lr cm <; Un yp y,j
-"^•U^jus ri^^a *j,« nr»cij»i. of th> virgin;
"potatfnr In her direction] white" thi» youth
trho held ft frowned a warning that she
¦would be the first victim of his murderous
rage should the aUr n)r .t to t, 3V<? hcr
father.
warning lxls intended v?ct$m by threaten
ing to shoot her at the first word. Which-
This was the verdict re-turned to-day by
the Coroner's jury at the end of the In
vest Into tht death of Frederick Neir
hofr. the aged rancher, who was shot by
tVimam Glover last Wednesday at his
place near this city. The verdict came at
the conclusion of a remarkable recital by
BQas Agnes Xlerhoff. the young daughter
of the victim and the betrothed of the
murderer. It was shown by the girl's
testimony that for hours the young mail.
bent on assassination, lurked about the
ranch, Ehot^run in hand, awaiting the op
portunity to take the old man's life, that
during these long hours' he prevented her
AUBURN*. June 18.— "We, the under
signed jury, inquiring into the death of
Frederick Nierhoff, give as our verdict
that deceased came to his death by a gun
shot wound at the hands of William
Glover, and -we further find that Oscar
F. Glover w;ls an accomplice to the crime.
"We also further find, to the best of our
knowledge and belief, that the crime
"R-as premeditated and without provoca
tion."
Special Dispatch to Tht Call.
Many Persons Receive
Injuries During
Encounters.
Revolutionists Gain
Very Important
Victory. y
Coroner's Jury Fixes
Guilt Upon the
Brothers.
Comrades of Bresci
Participate in
Onslaught -^
American Warships
to Take Vigorous
Action.
Guarded by Glover
for Hours Before
the Murder.
of Strikers.
Anarchists Stir Up
Violence on Part
Agnes Nierhoff Says
Assassin Kept
Her Silent
Venezuela Prevents
Sending* Out of
Bad '^ News.
Crowninshield Makes j Caustic Comment on
Row at Venice and Will Cause Friction.
MAY CALL OUT ALL
SOFT=COAL MINERS
. i - ¦ ¦ ¦ . . ' .¦¦¦•¦"
Convention to : Consider a Plan to Involve
Nearly Half Million Men in Strike.
FURIOUS
CHARGES
BY MOBS
CASTRO
SEVERS
CABLES
CENSURES CAPTAIN
OF CRUISER CHICAGO
LOOKS ON
AS FATHER
IS SLAIN
PATERSON SILK MILLS ARE WRECKED
AND THREATS MADE TO APPLY TORCH
VOLUME XCH-XO. 19.
PRICE FIVE CENTS, v.
'sS^|ffi|2^oi^d||^W^s^|s^|!OT|^lii9,^SpFi
FLAG OFFICER IN CHARGE. KUROPE AN . SQUADRON, AND THE COM
MAKDER OF CRUISER. CHICAGO,' WHO 18 CENSURED FOR NOT
PERSONALLY, AIDING SUBORDINATES ARRESTED IN VENICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.LOOKS ON US FATHER IS SLAIN.
WOODLAND, June 18.— The an
nual commencement exercises
of the Woodland High School
will be held in the opera
house to-morrow night. The
graduating class this year consists
of the following members: Benjamin
Shannon Allen, Chester A. Ball, Julia
Richards Bray, Daisy May Campbell,
Mattie Elizabeth Garrette, Frances Tay
lor Gwinn, Elma Fern Gwinn, Chester
Leroy Hlddleson, Ethel Browning Law
son, Mollie McWilllams, Glenn V. Rhodes,
Claire Rasor and Willard Thurston Ty
ler. . v
The class is an unusually bright one*
Continued From Page One.
CENSURES CAPTAIN OF CHICAGO,
ST. LOUIS, Juno 18.— In th© Supreme
Court at Jefferson City to-day th« Judg^
ment of the St. Louis Circuit Court,
awarding the representative of Florence
Yocum the $8000 accident Insurance held
by her father, Henry Yocum, was af
firmed. In December, 1898, Yocum and his
daughter, accompanied by two women
friends, left New Orleans on the naphtha
yacht Paul Jones for a trip on the Gulf
of Mexico.* The yacht was wrecked and
all on board perished.
Yocum Insurance Case Settled.
HAVANA, June 18.— E. G. Rathbone,
former director of posts, who was sen
tenced to ten years' imprisonment and to
pay a fine of over 535,000 as a result of
the trial of the postoffiee frauds and
who was released in consequence of the
signing June 9 of the bill granting gen
eral amnesty to all Americans in jail or
awaiting trial in Cuba, sailed for New-
York to-day on board the steamer
Niagara. A number of prominent Cubans
and Spaniards accompanied him to tho
steamer.
Rathbone Leaves Cuba.
COPENHAGEN, June 18.— Opponents
of the sale of the Danish West Indies
to the United States are active again, but
privately they admit that they are .meet-
Ing with little success. The response to
the appeal for funds to aid In the move
ment in opposition to the sale was decid
edly weak. The meetings were held se
cretly, but beyond a few politicians they
have been mostly attended by business
men interested in the proposed steamship
line to the island of St. Thomas. The
Government discountenances the anti
sale agitation. * . .
The Danish West Indies treaty will be
a prominent issue of the campaign pre
ceding the election to the Landsthing.
The Premier, Dr. Deuntzer, starts on a
speechmaking tour next week.
Agitation Intended to Prevent
United States Purchase.
Government ¦ Discountenances the
DANES ABE AT WOBK
AGAINST ISLAND SALE
LONDON, June 18.— In the House of
Commons to-day the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, .Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, re
plying to John Redmond, the Irish leader,
announced that the tax on maize would
be reduced by one-half. The Chancellor
of the Bxchequer explained that the cut
ting of the duty on maize involved a loss
of 5300,000- in revenue. The effect of the
duty on Ireland, however, and other con
siderations justified the acceptance of the
amendment moved from the Irish
benches. The duty on maize is now lVfcd
per hundredweight.
When the House took up the considera
tion of the amended finance bij.1 John
Morley, Liberal, precipitated a long de
bate by moving to omit the clause Impos
ing a duty on grain. Sir Charles Dilke,
advanced Radical, and others of the op
position demanded a specific statement
from the Chancellor of the Exchequer in
regard to ithe Government's attitude at
the coming conference of the colonial
Premiers. Tit was obvious, It was assert
ed, that the- conference might change the
whole fiscal policy, of the country, and
before committing itself the Government
ought to give the .House an opportunity
for full discussion o* ¦ the ma*** 1 "'' "Tne
Chancellor of the ijxchequ «r'emphatical
ly repudiated the suggestion that the
Government was contemplating a revolu
tion in Its fiscal policy, and said in be
half of himself and his colleagues that
he wholly disavowed such an idea. It
was not the policy of the Government to
endeavor to encourage trade with the
colonies by initiating a tariff war with
other countries. The motion to omit the
clause imposing a duty on grain was de
feated by 251 to 176 votes.
of Duties.
Chancellor of the Exche'quer Explains
Government's Plans in Matter
BRITISH MAIZE TAX
IS TO BE BEDUCED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON. Ariz.. June IS.— A roving band
of twenty Yaquis engaged fifteen soldiers
of the Mexican reserves last night at Vj
o'clock and a desperate fight resulted, in
which three Indians were killed and five
were wounded. The battle occurred only
a mile and a half from Herrnosillo, and
on account of its proximity the news
alarmed the people of that city. The re
serves were patrolling the neighborhood
of Hermosillo when they were attacked
by the Yaquis, who on account of their
superior numbers hoped to defeat the
Mexicans. The latter, however, fought
desperately and succeeded in routing the
Indians, who fled, leaving their dead and
wounded. Only two of the Mexicans were
seriously -wounded and not one of their
number was killed.
The backbone of the Yaqul rising has
been broken, and General Torres Is aim
tng now to put down any vestige of re
bellion. The forces sent to the Yaqul
Kiver country has succeeded in intercept
ing the fleeing Indians, who were on
their way south, and those who escaped
the recent defeats have taken refivge In
almost inaccessible parts of the Ztluzatau
Mountains. General Torres hopes to con
quer* these remnants of the Yaqui forces
with a picked troop of his rura!<;s.
The raiding Is now confined to- roving
bands of Yaquis, who make life on the
ranches unsafe. Occasionally thes«j
bands meet the rural es and generally tho
Indians are routed in these smsll fights.
Business is being resumed in Hermosillo.
and unless the rising breaks out afresh in
some quarter where trouble Is not expect
ed the Mexicans believe that the worst
is past.
The Governor of Sonora has just Issued
a commission to Jose Robertillo, a soldier
of the command of Captain Gomez, for
valiant services In the fight at Aguajito.
Robertillo rushed to the aid of Captain
Gomez when that officer fell mortally
wounded and defended him from the at
tack of the horde of Indians that sur
rounded him. Lieutenants Mirarr.on and
Magana, officers who escaped with seri
ous wounds, will be promoted.
"Warring Partners Bid for Mine.
JACKSON, June 18.— Aictin? upon a
Judgment obtained in tho Superior Court
cf Calaveras County en Tuesday. th»
Moore mine, with more than 200 acres,
was sold here to-day by Referee J. It.
Luddy. The mine was owned by W. A.
Nevills, Senator J. P. Jon«s. C. W.
Cowles of Iowa and W. Fleming; of Chi
cago as partners. It has beer* idle for
fifteen years, owing to differences be
tween the partners. All person« in Inter
est were present to-day, except Senator
Jones. The bidding: was spirited and tho
price run up from $10,000 to> 570.250, at
which figure It was finally sold to A.
Frankel, who Is believed to represent W.
A. Nevllls.
WASHINGTON, June lS.-The War De
partment has transmitted to- the Interior
Department information that trouble is
threatened among the Apache Indians on
the San Carlos reservation in Arizona on
account of the proposed shutting off of
beef and other rations after July 1 next.
The action of the War Department is
based on reports received from General
Funston, commanding the Department of
the Colorado, who predicts that in case
, the rations are discontinued the Indians '
will take beef and other supplies wher
ever they can get them in that section,
regardless of consequences. Governor
Murphy of Arizona Is In the city and has
, received advices along the same lines.
' The Secretary of the Interior to-day tel
egraphed Agent Carson of the San Carlos
Agency to make a full report on tne mat
ter and directed that the issue of rations
to the Indians be not stopped on the 3uth
inst., as planned, but be continued until
further directions are given by. the In- ,
terior Department. . . •
Secretary Hitchco.ck said to-day that it
was not proposed to discontinue rations to
all of the Indians, But that those capable
of working should be given work as far
as possible and issues to them, discon- j
tinued. It was estimated that employ
ment could be given to between 300 and
350 of the Indians. The remainder would
continue to draw rations. " - I
General Funston's report is based on a
, report from Colonel Lebo of the Four
teenth Cavalry, commanding at Fort
Grant, Arizona. General Funston says
the Apaches are not self-supporting and
will not be for many years, If ever, and
that the discontinuance of Issues to them
will be followed by serious trouble.
The Indians on the San Carlos reserva
tion, which Is in Eastern Arizona, are the
Tontos, San Carlos and Coyotero Apaches,
about 2200 In all.
Secretary of the Interior
Seeks to Prevent an
Uprising.
Engagement Occurs on tha
Outskirts of the City of
Hermosillo.
Trouble Is Predicted by
Funston if Rations
Are Stopped.
Three Indians Are Slain
and Five Wounded
in the Fight.
ANGRY APACHES
THREATEN WAR
MEXICAN TROOP
DEFEATS YAQUIS
Look out for the special
Coronation Number of . Tho
Call that will be published
next Sunday. It will contain
features covering frvery phase
of the coming ''coronation', of
Edward VII, King of : Eng- '
land. This edition will be bet
ter than a trip to England, for |
it* will tell you everything you s
wish to know-r-both by its '
well written articles and its -
superb illustrations— and you
will have none of the trouble
or the expense of travel. , No
advance in the price of this
special edition — ' only ?| five \ ;
cents, but worth its weight
in gold to those , seeking' in
formation. . ; . '.v
WASHINGTON, June 18.— The President to:
day notified the Senate that he : had approved
the Hansbrough-Newlands irrigation bill.
-». ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - - '. : . '¦ »v> . . •
WASHINGTON,. June 18.— The Senate
had an executive session soon after.meet
ing to-day and Senator Hale reported fa
vorably the nomination' of Captain
Charles E. Clark to be advanced seven
numbers and made a rear admiral. He
asked to have the nomination confirmed,
but Senator Warren objected and the
nomination went ' over. Subsequently
Senator Warren withdrew his objection,
moved an executive session and Captain
Clark was confirmed. • ¦ ' . - . •. :
Clark Is a Rear Admiral.
The wife of Gernault was kept in ig
norance of the experiment until he had
been operated upon. She is now greatly
distressed. ,
"The veins were avoided In inocula
tion, in order to obtain maximum dem
onstrative effects with minimum 1 risks.
If contagion results, Koch's error will be
proved. If the result is' i- negative, I will
make an intravenous injection- in one of
my fingers, which I shall amputate If
contagion occurs." • '
Gernault attracted attention at the
London Tuberculosis Congress last year
by challenging Professor Koch's an
nouncement that it was impossible for
human beings to become inoculated from
virus of cattle. He went to Berlin and
offered to make practical test of his the
ory, but the offer was not accepted. Since
then the doctor has been making a series
of practical, tests. He says h© . is con
vinced Koch is mistaken and accuses him
or deceiving the public.
In order to prove his contention, Ger
rmult went to the slaughter house of La'
Villette and inoculated himself with
consumptive matter from a cow which
had been ordered destroyed.' The opera
tion was performed in the presence of
three doctors. On the previous night Ger
nault blistered his forearm below the el
bow and, after exposing the wound, from
which blood was flowing freely, applied to
to it the poultice composed of the pounded
glands of the cow. He left this in con
tact with his flesh for two hours and his
arm was not washed or dressed after
ward. What remains of the glands will
be injected into guinea pigs. ¦ \
The doctor does not expect results for
two or three weeks. The disease may
then manifest itself In the form of a
local affection and thence spread to the
lungs. Out of :ten known cases of slaugh
ter house men who were accidentally con
taminated, three have died and the health
of the others was shattered. If disease
declares itself, Gernault will be treated
by Dr. Theodore Smith of Boston, Mass.,
who has been exposed to the dangers of
contagion from bovine tuberculosis. Ger
nault says: - .
PARIS, June 18.— Dr. Gernault ot this
city, in order to strengthen his claim that
it is possible for human beings to con
tract diseases from cattle, has inoculated
himself with consumption matter taken
frcm a diseased cow that had been seized
by the health authorities and ordered de
stroyed. ¦ ' -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
French Doctor : Makes
Himself Sut^ject of
Experiment.
GRADUATES OF THE WOOD
LAND HIGH SCHOOL, COM
PRISING CLASS OF '02.
BRAVES PERIL
FOR HIS THEORY
and one of the best ever graduated by
this institution of learning. The officers
of the class are: G. V. Rhodes, presi
dent; Mattle Elizabeth Garrette, vice
president; Frances T. Gwinn, treasurer;
Chester A. Ball, secretary.
Rev. D. E. Holt, rector of St. Luke's
Church, will deliver the invocation on
Thursday evening; Miss Edythe Van An
da will render an overture, and "When
Day Fades" will be sung by Messrs.
Cummins, Rhodes, Rogers and Griffin.
The address will be delivered by Dr. Eli
McClish, president of the University of
the Pacific. "Massa's in de Cold, Cold
Ground" will be sung by Lester Rhodes,
with a- quartet accompaniment by Messrs.
church officiated. • .
View books, photographs, Mexican carved
leather articles, orange-wood panels, red
wood bark novelties, scenic playing cards,
etc. The greatest assortment of real nice
things in the city. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
• •- '--¦¦¦.•- ¦ • " • •• •' -
California Souvenirs,
VINCENNES, Ind., June 18.— Great ex
citement prevails here to-night owing to
the rumor that the mob will attack the
jail and lynch Bill Edison, an ex-con
vict. Other rumors say that the prisoner
has been spirited out of, town. Some have
advised' Sheriff Humit to ask the Gov
ernor to call out the militia. The Sheriff
refuses to talk, but he has sworn in a
large force of deputies and is in close
touch with the metropolitan police force.
Any attempt to storm the jail will meet
with resistance. A great crowd of people
is collected in the vicinity of the Jail. It
is not believed, however, that the mob
will make an attack upon the jail. At 2:30
the mob still surrounds the Jail and the
excitement is intense.
Sheriff Prepares for a Mob.
The President ot the little republic and
most of the members of the National As
sembly have signed a pronunclamento
to the public declaring that the decision
of the court was a scandal and a crime;
that the Judges were bribed; that the
Salvadoran representatives were treated
in a scandalous fashion, and that Dr.
Zaldivar, one of the Salvadoran repre
sentatives, was recreant to his trust and
is now in Europe to escape the re&ults of
his actions.
NEW ORLEANS, June 18.— The latest
news from the republic of Salvador, via
Guatemala, indicates a state of frenzy
aroused by the recent decision of the
Washington court of arbitration in, tho
Burrell case.
ARBITRATORS' DECISION
ABOTJSES SALVADORANS
SAN* JOSE. June 18. — To avoid an examina
tion for insanity, which she heard her rela
tives discussing:. Hiss Kate O'Grady. aared 3.'5
years, left her home this morning and all
efforts to find her have been unavailing.
WASHINGTON, June 18.-The Postoffiee
Department to-day announced: Post
offices established — California — Montrio,
Sonoma County. Oregon — Forest, Kla
math County; Ophir, Curry County. Dis
continued, June 30 — Oregon — Belknap
Springs, Lane County, mails to McKenzie.
Bridge. Postmasters commissioned—Cali
fornia—Herman A. Adam, Caruthers;
Ch-irles F. Carr. Montrio. Oregon—Na
than L. High. Forest; William E. Burrow,
Ophir. Appointed — California — B. N.
Miller. Butte City, Glenn County, vice C.
O. Davidson, resigned.
Army orders announce that ' Second
Lieutenant Harry G. Leckie. Nineteenth
Infantry, will go from Fort Thomas. Ky.,
to his regiment upon its arrival at its
station in the Department of California.
First Lieutenant George R. Armstrong is
transfererd from the Fifth to the Sixth
Infantry and ordered to temporary duty
in the Department of California.
vice and Army Orders
Issued.
Changes Are Made in the Postal Ser-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
This afternoon the anarchists, who
seemed to be in command, were openly
threatening that a policeman's life would
pay for each wounded rioter.
Harry Harris, a reporter on the Morn
•ing Call," was injured at this point. He
was armed with a '. revolver and had a
camera with which he attempted to take
pictures, standing on a stoop a short dis
tance away. He was in the act of train
ing the camera and was warned to desist.
A moment later a rain of stones fell about
him and he was knocked down. As He fell
men ru3hed on him and he -was kicked and
beaten. He drew his revolver and tried
to use it, but it was kicked from his hand.
A man grabbed it and fired at Harris, the
bullet entering his chest. He has a slight
chance of recovery. By this time the mill
was emptied of the operatives, and this
ended the rioting for the day.
During the day from time to time
wounded men had been carried to the
hospitals. Besides those whose names
can be given it is certain that many more
were hurt.
. The shooting seemed to scatter the riot
ers, but It was not long before an immense
mob had formed again, this time about
the Gaede mill, on North Straight street,
where there was a crowd of 2000. Half of
them were rioters and the rest onlookers.
The mill was bombarded and before the
mob stopped there ! was not a whole win
dow in the building. ,
It was about this time that Mayor
Hinchcliffe called "on the firemen for aid.
Men were detailed from each company and
armed, and during the afternoon rendered
efficient service.
MAYOR CALLS FIREMEN.
The mob drew back and the policeman
regained his post in the doorway. Severai
shots were nred at him, but none took
effect. He replied, firing directly into the
crowd, until his weapon was emptied,
when live more uniformed men and one in
plain clothes came on a run through Ful
ton street. The mob kept on firing, and
the policemen charged, firing, when the
strikers broke and ran. j Spectators say
that fully 100 shots were fired. Salvino
was left behind and was taken to the hos
pital. One hundred and fifty" hats "were
picked up in the street afterward, which
were lost" in the wild scramble to get
away. . ..
• The Hall mill, which shelters four silk
working firms, was the next point of at
tack. A single policeman guarded the
main entrance. He was ordered to stand
aside, and on refusing he was attacked.
He drew his revolver and began to fire.
Lora Salvino, an Italian, 24 years of age,
¦who lives and works in Hackensack, re
ceived the first bullet, which penetrated
both lungs.
Flushed with success, the mob pushed
across the Main-street bridge to the New
Jersey Silk Company's establishment,
where the employes were driven out. At
Levy's mill, River and Bridge streets, the
manager met the mob at the door and
assured the leaders that the employes
were preparing to leave.
When the mill was emptied the strikers
moved on, passing through River street
to the Laurel and Empire mills, where
only two patrolmen were on duty, and
were powerless against the mob. The
managers of the three mills had deter
mined to empty their mills and two of
tnem had done so, but the Augusta mill
was full, although shut down. The mob
found- this out and burst in. They found
themselves face to face with the women
of the mill, led by Mrs. Parker, deter
mined to stand their giound. The women
were thrust aside and driven out of tho
n<Ul.
loaced with policemen charged through
the mob on Cliff street: Stones rained
tiuwn on the wagon and none of the po
hcemen escaped. Patrolman Irving Post
saw a man hurl a rock and fired, the bul
let striking 1 the rioter in the neck. Before
the officer could get to the man he was
huuled into the mob and hurried away.
With revolvers drawn the officers quick
ly deployed and the mob fell back.
A block away Galleano again appeared
and led the mob through Temple street
to Pelgram & Myers' mill, where the em
ployes were compelled to coroe out.
POLICE ARE POWERLESS.
Other witnesses were called, but they
could not throw any light* on the tragedy
that has shocked the entire community.
In reply to queries from the Coroner
and District Attorney she said that she
became engaged to Will Glover on the
13th of January, but a short time ago
she told him that she was becoming tired
of the way he was acting and that she
did not want anything more to do with
him.
Asked why she told a different story
the night after the murder, she said that
Oscar Glover was still at large and she
was afraid he would kill her. -. It was
brought out that she had received a reg
istered letter from Will Glover the next
day after the killing, but Miss Nierhoff
said that it had no bearing on the case. v
Continuing her story, she said that Os
car went away after the shooting and re
turned with a livery rig. He called Will
Glover out of the house, where he had
remained since the tragedy, and, picking
up a club near the white oak tree where
the shooting occurred, said they would
make out that this was the club used
by Nierhoff. Will took al! of his pictures
from the house, with the intention, it is
supposed, of keeping them from the news
papers. Frank Whitall, a neighbor,
called after the Glovera left and he and
the witness drove into town to notify her
mother of the tragedy.
FEARS OSCAR GLOVER.
Mr. Nlerhoff interrupted the witness to
ask her to repeat what Will Glover said
at the time. The young lady replied:
"He said: 'I wteh your mother was here
and I -would kill the whole family.' "
Miss Nierhoff said that she did not go
out of doors during the affray, but wit
nessed it from behind the glass door of
the parlor. Will Glover came into the
parlor after the shooting, and said:
"Well, I have killed your father."
At this she fainted. Shortly after re
gaining consciousness she looked out of
the door and saw the Glovers driving
away.
"I grabbed the gun." she said, "and
would have shot WiU Glover if I had the
strength. I did go to the door, and, point
ing the gun at them, ordered them to
bring father Into the house. They did so
and father sent me for a jug of water.
They laid him on blankets on the floor
and Will Glover placed a pillow under
hia head. The brothers then went to one
side and had a consultation. Oscar came
to me and said: 'When this comes into
court you can 'testify that it was an ac- v
cident or I will kill you.' I- declared that
I would not do it." «
FAINTS AFTER THAGEBY.
the gun. I cried out, 'Don't kill me!' I
did not say anything after breakfast.
Father went out into the field, where he
was engaged in hauling hay to the barn.
A. T. Dozier, a neighbor, visited the
house shortly after the breakfast hour,
and he and Miss Nlerhoff conversed for
about five minutes. Glover went into her
father's room and stood by the open win
dow with his gun, thus preventing, her
from warning Dozier. ¦'¦¦¦
"I called father to dinner at the. noon
hour," she continued, "and Glover kept
guard on my movements as before.
About 4 o'clock father came to the barn
with a load of hay, and had been there
but a short time when Oscar Glover
caone up and began a discussion, presum
ably about a horse-collar, Father went
into the barn and came out with the col
lar in his hand. About this time Will
Glover, who had not showed himself thus
far, set down the shotgun and rushed
into Nierhoff's room and got father's rifle
and came outside. As soon as Oscar saw
him he called out, 'Will, don't shoot.'
Father advanced toward Will, dropping
the horse-collar as he advanced, and also
saying, 'Don't shoot, Will.' At the same
time he endeavored to grasp the gun.
Will freed himself from father and fired.
Oscar meanwhile standing by, a silent
witness."
Continued from Page One.
PATERSQN MILLS ARE WRECKED,
Bartlett (Dem.) of Georgia offered an
amendment to the deficiency bill to re
imburse the Cuban revenues for the sal
ary allowed by Secretary Root to ¦ Gov
ernor General Wood out of the island's
revenues. In the course of some remarks
early in the session, Cannon declared that
if he could have his way Congress would
adjourn sine die before July 4.
Loud of California, under the latitude
allowed in general debate, submitted some
remarks upon the question of salaries- for
postal employes. He said he believed that
the Government should pay liberal sal
aries—as high as private corporations, but
no higher. Employment in the Govern
ment service, he maintained, had ad
vantages over private employment. A
Government employe had liberal leaves of
absence. His employment was continuous
whether times were good or bad. While
there was, he said, a steady agitation. for
the increase of the pay of postal clerks,
railway mail clerks and letter-carriers,
the particular agitation was for the- in
crease of the pay of the latter class from
an average of J91S to $1200 a year. He
declared that, all the circumstances con
sidered, the pay of the letter-carriers was
the highest for the service performed of
that in any branch of the Government
service. He undertook to show, compara
tively speaking, that if the letter-carriers
should receive $1200, the railway mail
cleriis, whose salaries averaged $1020,
should get J1600.
The general deficiency appropriation bill,
the last of the supply bills, was passed.
A night session was held, at which the
House considered bills reported from the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Shallenberger (Dem.) of ..ebraska also
made a political speech, condemning the
administration for removing Miss Taylor^
a clerk in the War Department, who
criticized its Philippine policy, and for jus
tifying General Wood's expenditures for
the promotion of reciprocity legislation.
Cannon, charman of the Appropriations
Committee, In a brief reply to both
speeches, said he was ready to go to the
country on the record of the Republican
party. He caused much merriment on his
side of the House by describing the Re
publican party as puhing the wagon, while
the Democrats stood off and found fault.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— The near ap
proach of the end of the present session
of Congress was signalized by a general
political speech by Richardson of Tennes
see, the leader of the minority. Taking
advantage of the latitude allowed during
general debate on the deficiency appro
priation bill, he delivered a set speech of
an hour and a half. He arraigned the
Republican party for its failure to keep its
platform promises, dwelling especially on
the question of trusts and the necessity
for tariff reduction.
In advocating the adoption of the Ni
caragua route Pettus declared that the
American people wanted and would have
an Isthmian canal, to be built, owned
and controlled by the United States. He
said there were many men in the United
States "who control vast sums of money,
of which neither Croesus nor Solomon
ever dreamed , who are opposed to any
canal, because it would decrease their in
comes."
Hanna then began his closing argument
in support of the adoption of the Panama
route. The members of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, he said, had been ap
pointed because of their ability, integrity
and engineering skill, and he presented
answers to questions he had propounded
to them. He maintained that both the
Panama and Nicaragua routes were per
fectly feasible and practical, but said the
preponderance of evidence in hand was
in favor of Panama.
Teller of Colorado maintained that
practically there was no authority for
the building of a canal by either the Nica
ragua or the Panama route. If the Nica
ragua route should be determined on the
United States would have to negotiate
with Nicaragua and Costa Rica, and if
the Panama route should be adopted our
task with Colombia would be easier.
Ee Cid not think that the American peo
ple had selected any particular route.
They were in favor of the best canal.
He believed the advantages of the Pan
ama route were more considerable than
the Isthmian Canal Commission • had re
ported.
At the conclusion of Carmack's re
marks the isthmian canal question was
laid before the Senate. At some length
Senator Spooler discussed the legal
status of the Panama Canal Company's
property. He engaged in a spirited col-
Joquy with Mitchell of Oregon over' some
phases of the tubject. the latter finally
declaring- "it would be ten years before
a gcod title to the Panama property can
b<? obtained."
A resolution offered several days ago by
Carmack, directing the Civil Service Com
mittee to inquire into the discharge from
the War Department of Miss Rebecca J.
Taylor (for the publication of articles in
newspapers criticising the President),
was called up and Carmack addresed the
Senate in support of the resolution. He
maintained that the requirements of the
civil service law had been flagrantly vio
lated in this case, inasmuch as, he said.
Miss Taylor had had no charges preferred
c^ainst her, nor had she been afforded
opportunity to make answer to any
charges. He maintained that a letter in
quiring whether Miss Taylor was the au
thor of a certain newspaper article and
her admission that she had written the
article did not constitute a charge against
her within the meaning of the civil ser
vice law. He intimated that she was dis
charged "because she took the wrong side
of the Philippine question from the ad
ministration point of view."
The Senate to-day devoted practically
its entire session to consideration of the
canal question. Extended speeches were
delivered by Spooner of Wisconsin and
Hanna of Ohio in advocacy of the adop
tion of the Panama route and Pettus of
Alabama advocated the selection of the
Nicaragua route. Teller of Colorado
briefly announced his support of the Pan
ama project and Jones of Arkansas indi
cated his leaning toward the same route.
Little that is new to the discussion was
developed by any of the speakers.
WASHINGTON*. June IS.— Interest In the
isthmian canal question increases as the
time for a final vote in the Senate ap
proaches. To-morrow at 2 o'clock the
voting on the amendments to the pending
Nicaragua canal bill will begin and a final
disposition of the matter is expected to
be reached soon afterward.
Loud of California Talks
About the Letter-
Carriers.
Speeches Made by Friends
of Panama and Nicara
gua Routes.
Senators Prepare for
Final Vote on Isth
mian Issue.
Democrats in the House
Make Political
Speeches.
CANAL FORCES
NOW ALIGNED
HEAP CENSURE
ON REPUBLICANS
WOODLAND YOUTHS AND MAIDS
AWAIT HIGH SCHOOL HONORS
Dr. Eli ricClish Will Deliver the Address at the Gradu
ation of the Class of '02.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 19, 1902.
A list of the newest books will be mailed
by Cooper _& Co.,. 746' Market street. 1 «• ;
RALEIGH, N. *C, June 18.— Governor
Ay cock to-day offered rewards aggregat
ing 530,000 for: the arrest and conviction
of unknown persons,, who on the night
of June 11 took the negro Gillesple ' from
the jail at; Salisbury and lynched him.
There. were about seventy-five men in the
party, and the Governor offers a reward
of $400 for. each of them. It is understood
that evidence has . been found tending to
sh&w that the negro.. was innocent.;
Big; Reward for Lynchers' Arrest.
DENVER, June 18.— Application has
been made in the Supreme Court by the
Colorado Bar Association to have dis
barred from practicing law Sidney H.
Dent, a referee in bankruptcy of the
United States for this district. Dent is a
relative of Mrs. U. S. Grant. The charges
In the application allege that money was
obtained by exhibiting false letters and
making, false statements concerning ap
plication for a patent that Attorney Dent
was hired to make. i
Charges Against a Heferee.
"The sum total of the matter is that
two officers had a dispute with a waiter,
ran among chairs and tables, all the
chairs and tables being deserted at the
time.; that one of tnem upset tables and
chairs and that another called out in
loud tones on the deserted square. -While
some or all , of .the actions may be con
sidered indiscreet or lacking in dignity,
none of them merit a court martial and
none can' be. characterized as bringing
scandal or disgrace' on the naval service,
hence the court of inquiry clears the offi
cers of resisting public authority or un
warrantably attacking the citizens, which
are the principal points on- which the Ital
ian court found the parties guilty. The
court is" relieved of the embarrassment
of bringing the parties to trial, in which
no offense exists, simply to ¦ keep a ' pos
sible, though entirely unauthorized, prom
ise that a court martial should follow
the court of inquiry. The parties will
be admonished to so conduct themselves
in the future as to avoid,' if possible, a
repetition of the occurrence leading to
this court of inquiry."
"Without this customary assistance all
parties were suffering: revolting Indigni
ties during the period of- their confine
ment and even in court, such as are un
known in the case of the lowest crimin
ology in our own country, and although
these matters are apart from the ques
tion of tho culpability of the persons ar
rested, they are the cause of much of the
notoriety attendant on the case.
"That the matter did come to trial, re
sulting in notovlety detrimental to the
reputation of those involved and to ..the
good name of the service was due at least
in part to omission to observe that cus
tom of the service whereby the command
ing officer of a United States naval ves
sel, in case of. the arrest on shore of one
of his command, himself either makes
immediate and direct representations
for his relief, or appears in court to aid
in seeing, that justice is done, or desig
nates an officer to perform* these duties.
CAPTAIN IS NEGLIGENT.
for courts martial, Admiral Crowniu
shield says:
"After a minute examination it appears
that there was not sufficient evidence ad
duced before the court of inquiry to
establish the allegations against Surgeon
Ledbetter, Lieutenant Doddridge and Cap
tain Wynne. The weight of the evidence
shows that the two first named were not
noticeably affected by liquor. The mat
ter acpears to have been forced to trial
on account of representations of civilians
who, were in no way under the authority
of any branch of the Italian Government,
national or. municipal, and whose charac
ter was such that the officers were vic
timized. ' •
Continued from Page One.
2
ADVEHTISEIOJirrS.
li GOOD HEALTH!
Can only be obtained by keep-
ing the blood pire and the di-
gestion perfect. For this purpose
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters was
introduced fifty years ago, and
to-day it b recognized as the
leading health restorer in the
world. It will cure Dyspepsia,
Biliousness, Flatulency and Ma-
laria, Fever and Ague. Try it.
Hostetter's
| Stomach Bitters.
Quickly Cored at Home— Any lad j Gaa :
I Do it—Costs Nothing to Trj. j
1 A new tasteless diaeovery wMch can b» rjrea In t*<
eoSee or food. Heartily andorsad by W. c T. V. udtd
temperance worker* It dow lt» T»ork to silently aa*
rarely that while tba devoted wife, sister or daughter -
looks on, the drunkard is reclaimed eren «wr»ta«t his will
and without his knowledge. 3andT»nrpamaandaiH T i—
to Dr. J. W. Haines, SSiS Glena Bldg_ CinetMati, a, sad
he wiU mall a trial package of Golden Speclflo frte to
•haw bow easily it * to euro drunkards with tMt resu.-dj.
Full-sized boxes ot Golden Epeciac are fc*
sale In San Francisco by J. B. GATES afc CO..
<17 Sanaome «t.
A $20 Belt
raSfrli rtV^f- ...rfM^ Sama " others
\«^^^^^^ro^^r «ell at 120. O«n-
£ti »& lraz&buff. It cores with.
«S5? out medicine. Not sold
V/Jff* by dnxgKlsts. Ko dis-
counts. Free by mall on receipt ot price.
Circulars free. Ask for tha "Dr. Aldan Elec-
tric Belt." Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 206 Post St., San Francisco, or
83 W. Twenty-fourth St.. New Tori.
OH. LULL'SfiElNYlGORATORiraM
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Fiv» Mif"fegl
hundred reward for any case we> *Sak BSn
cannot cure.- This secret rera- m[ i. ]
edy cures Emission*. Impoteacy. tsva Rjfi
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. PPW PWS
Etricturea, Drains. Lost Man- li*i>! JUvl
hood and. all other wasting ef- Z. t** i
(ects of self-abuse or excesses, al ill III lil
Bent sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. $3; ruar&ataedi
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cai. Also tor saJe at 1073 U
Market st. S. F. . Send for fre» book.
0EWEY.STRQN6 &00.>gg^
{* s
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.; •
Catalogues and Pr tee Lists Mallai
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND Piq ijjqn.
j- cwilsok & co.; aasaSft.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO I^TerfeiS:
OILS.
PBINTINO.
P. C- HU6HFS I PRINTER.
ADVERTISEMENTS/
T • • • ' t
T ' '
i A Perfect Stimulant i
¦ .1
. The perfection of an alcholic stimu- <
1 lant is found in the thorough aging, 1
\ the purity, the rich, rare flavor, and ]
i in all the superb quality of ,
: .: KD j
\ yd Hunter I
: mM Baltimore :
< W|;||T(2wri^RjS I* k particularly <>
| e^^^a^^&^i recommended to "
' ' Bgy#fiifffl«BH women because
' Brer!**'' . ftsjjji""! °^ '^ a S e snd ex-
I rHRIFTY A WISE COMMISSION OO.. Int, [ |
2S3&S35 California St..Ban Francieco.Calif.
' Telephone i»in 873.
I ««»t««»tTTT J *-tTT-TI»« tlt
•Thin signature Is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
th j remedy tbaX core* a cold In one tfajr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fine, hardwood parlor
tatle, 24-inch" square top,
$1.00. -Entire • houses,
'flat* and hotels furnished.
Credit and free delivery
within 100 miles.
T. BRILLIANT
CO.
£338*342) POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.LOS ANGELES, June 18.— At the close
of a four-hour conference to-day between
General Manager Wells of the Santa Fe
and a committee representing the striking
boiler-makers of San Bernardino and
Needles, it was said that the outlook was
f avorable . f or a settlement of the strike.
During the conference the committee of
the strikers held out for the original de
mands, which were that the blacklist be
abolished, that the men now out be taken
back by the company and that an increase
in wages be granted. General Manager
Wells demurred and offered a compromise,
the terms of which have not been made
public. It is said that the committee ap
peared willing to accept it. Another con
ference will be hqld,' probably on Satur
day. . •
May Settle Santa Fe Strike.
New cameras, new films, new plates,
new papers. Full lines of fresh goods at
correct prices. Also printing and develop
ing. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
New Tnings in. Cameras.
REDWOOD CITY, June 18.— The two
day^' session of the Ninth District con
vention, Woodmen of the World, com
menced here to-day, with about 100
delegates In attendance. This number
will be materially increased to-morrow.
The city has been garbed in holiday attire
in honor of the visitors. The streets are
a mass of banners, streamers and fes
toons, and the large pavilion, where the
ball will take place to-morrow night, has
been elaborately^ decorated. The local
camp met the delegates at the train this
morning with a band and escorted them
to Foresters' Hall. /
J. .J. Bullock called the convention to
order and D. A. Ryan of Richmond Camp
No. 668 was chosen chalr-man. He ap
pointed two committees, as follows:
On credentials — D. A. Myers of California
Camp: J. L. O'Donnell of Golden Gate Camp-
H. J. McCllntock of Greely Camp; J. W, "Whnl
ey'of'Petaluma'Camp; M. W. Wooley 'of Ful-"
ton Camp.
On permanent organization and order of bust
r.esa — II. J. McCabe of Mission Camo: F. E.
Russell of Golden West Camp; Dr. Neim'eyer
of Richmond Camp.
After luncheon the convention perfected
Its organization.
This evening an -open-air band concert
wa>» given, after which a reception was
tendered the delegates In Alhambra Thea
ter. Hon. George H. Buck delivered the
-address of welcome. Later the delegates
adjourned to Foresters' Hall, where there
was an exemplification of the Oriental
degree.
Lodge Delegates Open Convention
and Are Tendered Reception
by Citizens. .
WOODMEN FIND BEDWOOD
GARBED FOR A HOLIDAY
The mineral lands within the five-mile
limit of Pocatello have been "staked" out
and a .large number of conflicts are rc-
T^rted. It developed to-day that the In
dian police yesterday gathered in a num
ber of "sooners," whom they found within
the limit, and held them prisoners till to
day, thus preventing them from gaining
any semblance of title.
: In the line to-day were two women
over 70 years of age, awaiting their turn.
They have spent half their lives on t\ic
reservation. They will not be reached un
til to-morrow, and if it develops that the
lr.nds have been taken by "sooners" seri
ous trouble may follow.
Public sentiment Is .with' these old set
tlers and bloodshed is threatened should
they fail . to regain the land they have
occupied. - , .
There. is much feeling against a num
ber of "sooners," who, it is openly
charged at the land office and on the
streets, were not (A or near the land on
vhich they filed when the reservation
was thrown open at noon yesterday. Sev
eral of these applicants are known, to
have been in Blackfoot yesterday at noon
and their applications will be contested.
'A large number of settlers who have by
sufferance of the Government resided
upon reservation lands from fifteen to
thirty years and who have made valuable
improvements on the ¦ choice land they
have occupied have had their holdings
filed on— in some cases by "sooners." The
bill opening the »Fort Hall reservation
gave no protection to these old settlers,
be was;done in the ease of the bill open
ing the Kiowa reservation, which was
passed simultaneously with the Fort Hall
bill.
BLACKFOOT, Idaho, June 18.— There
was a steady and persistent flow of ap
plications for claims to Fort 'Hall Indian
reservation land at the Blackfoot Land
Office to-day, and, although there were
many disappointed applicants and much
murmuring, no serious trouble occurred.
Many contests are being filed and blood
shed is expected when some of these are
decided finally. *
Illegal Occupation of Land
; Provokes a Very Bit
*{ ter Feeling.
Bloodshed Expected on
Idaho Qpen Reser
* • -
vation.
LEAD IS READY
FOR "SOONERS"
EPWORTH LEAGUERS WEND
THEIR WAY TOWARD FRESNO
State 'Convention of Delegates From Societies
of the Methodist Church South.
PETALUMA, June 18.— Louis Fox, cap
tain of the steamer Gold, and Miss Julia
Steitz, a Petaluma society miss, were
married here to-day at the .home of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. Steitz.
Rev. Mr. Patterson of the Congregational
church officiated.
Wedding Bells in Petaluma.
ELDORADO, Kans.. "June 18.— Dell
Baker, one of the Morrison case jurymen,
was arrested to-day charged with rob
bing: Walter Warner, another juryman,
of $65. The two men slept together last
night and thi3 morning Warner missed
the money. He grabbed Baker's hat and
one of the coins dropped out.
Juryman Accused of Robbery.
Then follows Governor Gage's deposi
tion as to the truth of the allegations
made in the complaint.
Plaintiff further alleges, upon ¦ Information
and belief, that on said 2Uth day'of May, latti,
and for a long time prior thereto, the said de
fendants, contriving -and maliciously intend
ing to injure said- plaintiff in his good name,
reputation and occupation and to expose said
plaintiff to public hatred, contempt, ridicule
and oblivion, did conspire, confederate and
agree with the proprietor, manager and agents
of the San Francisco Call, a newspaper of gen
eral circulation 'published in • the city and
county of San Francisco, State of Calitornia.
and with the proprietor, manager and agents of
the San Francisco Chronicle, a newspaper of
general circulation published in the city and
county of San Francisco, and with certain pro
prietors, managers and agents and correspond
ents of certain other newspapers of general cir
culation published in different parts of Califor
nia, whose names are to said plaintiff unknown,
to distort and garble, and to- publish, from time
to time in their said several newspapers, as so
distorted and garbled, various and many select
ed iterrs of news, special dispatches and re
ports concerning said plaintiffs official, person
al and private accounts, writings, words and
utterances, and to suppress all news, dispatches
and reports favorable to said plaintiff, and from
time to time then invent, I compose, print and
publish in their said several newspapers false,
unfair and hostile comments and criticisms con
cerning said plaintiff's official, personal and
private acts, words and utterances, and from
time to time to reprint, reproduce and publish
from the columns of one another's newspapers
certain selected,' false, hostile and unfair com
ments and criticisms concerning said plaintiff's
official, personal and private acts, writings,
words and utterances. ......
Plaintiff alleges upon Information and belief
that the eald false, scandalous and malicious
libel and defamation hereinbefore set forth,
published by said defendants of -and concerning
-said plaintiff, on the 26th day of May. 1902 in
their said newspaper, the Los Angeles Times,
was so published by said defendants as a part
and in furtherance of the said wrongful com
bination, conspiracy, confederacy and agree
ment.
That by reason of the said false, scandalous
and malicious libel and defamatory publication
published by said defendants as aforesaid, said
plaintiff has been and is damaged in the sum
of one hundred thousand dollars.
Wherefore, said plaintiff prays judgment
against said defendant? for said sum of one
hundred thousand dollars and costs of suit.
(Signed) J. W. McKINLEY,
JOSBPH CALL.
A. W. HUTTON.
Attorneys for said plaintiff.
SAN FRANCISCO. May 25 (exclusive dis
patch). — The Call makes a sensational exposure
of what it claims is the rendering of false ac
counts by Warden Aguirre or San Quentin
prison in order to conceal the purchase ot vari
ous articles of luxury for household use,
amounting to $112 13. The San Francisco Call
links Governor Gage with this fraud, as it de
clares that the Governor was a frequent guest
at Aguirre's house and enjoyed the luxuries
bought with the State money.
After setting forth at length the alleged
interest and purpose of the article and its
alleged effect on the plaintiff's good name
and reputation, the complaint closes as
follows:
The complaint filed in the County
Clerk's office is a long document, quite
similar to the one filed recently in San
tedro, charging the proprietor and man
ager of the San Francisco Call with
criminal libel. It cites that "on or about
the 2Gth day of May, 1902, said defendants
did maliciously and falsely print and pub
lish and cause to be printed and pub
lished in a regular issue of their said
newspaper, to wit, the L03 Angeles Times,
dated May 26, 1W)2, the following false,
scandalous and malicious libel and def
amation in printing ot and concerning
said plaintiff, to wit."
Reference is then specifically made to
an article published In the San Francisco
Cail and telegraphed to the Los Angeles
Times, which, omitting the legal verbiage,
is quoted as follows:
Call makes ugly charges — Alleged extravagance
at San Quentin — Gage implicated with
Warden Asuirre. ' ' . ' :- v
I.OS ANGELES, June lS.-Governor
Henry T. Gage to-day filed suit against
the Times-Mirror Company, publishers o!
the' Los Angeles Times, and H. G. Otis,
president, asking for damages in the sum
of $100,000 for alleged libel. The, plaintiff's
attorneys of record are former Superior
Judges J. W. McKinley and A. W. Hut
ton and Joseph H. Call, all of Lbs An
geies. .
Asks for Damages in Sum of
One Hundred Thousand
Dollars.
Gage Files an Action
Against Los Angeles
Time's.
SUES GENERAL
OTIS FOR LIBEL
PORTLAND. Ore.. June IS- — At Sheridan
last night. Arthur A- Bogart. a messenger for
Wells Kargo & Co., was run over and killed
by a car.
• DENVER, June 13.— A telegram was re
ceived here from the Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General at Washington indi
cating that a rigid investigation or tha
robbery of the postoffice last Monday
would be instituted unless the local au
thorities could by mail throw some new
light upon it. It appears that tho clerks,
instead of placing the registered letters
and packages in the vault, left them on a
table, and there were no bars to the win
dow through which the burglars entered
A conservative estimate of the loss is
$2000.
Task of Robbers Made Easy.
The administration Senators to-night,
however, see little or no probability of
the Cuban bill passing:. It is freely pre
dicted that at the adjourned conference
Friday night the v/hole matter will be
dropped. The beet sugar men are moro
jubilant than ever.
A vague hope of possible success for
reciprocity was Inspired to-day by the
action of the Republican steering com
mittee in deciding in favor of reporting:
the bill to the Senate and placing it on
the calendar. The effect of this would be
to insure discussion on the floor of tha
Senate and bring the measure to a vote.
It is the very thing that prominent mem
bers of the party who have not been in
terfering in the Cuba matter one way or
the other seek to avoid.
There wa3 no friction, no ! sensational
statements, only a general defiance of the
President and the party. At the close
Senators Aldrich and Elkina, leaders of
the two factions, walked calmly away
arm in arm and engaged in conversation
about the prospects of adjournment and
the beautiful moon.
There was only a perfunctory appeal
for the administration and harmony. Senr
ator Allison, chairman of the caucus.
*poke a few words by way of introduc
tion; Senator Platt of Connecticut pro
duced the Cuban bill, and Senator
Alarich called attention to it as an admin
istration measure. The only result of the
meeting was to point out more plainly
that Cuban reciprocity . by legislation la
dead, with no hope of resurrection.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
TV., WASHINGTON, June IS.— One after
another nineteen Republican beet sugar
Senators announced to' the Republican
conference to-night that they would hold
out against Cuban reciprocity and Presi
dent Koosevelt's administration policy till
the last gun was flred. Then an adjourn
ment was taken until Friday, when fur
ther funeral ceremonies will be held.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Complete Failure of the
.Reciprocity Measure
Assured.
DEATH GRIPS
THE CUBAN BILL
A wonderful composite pic- *
ture showing 1 the coronation as
it will really be 1 This has
been prepared at great expense
exclusively for The Sunday.
Call, and will appear in the
great Coronation Number '
out next Sunday.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., June 18.—An
nouncement was made at the commencement
exercises of Colorado College to-day that Gen
eral .William J.- Palmer had given ?25,000 to
ward the science building.'
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, till Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars* ,- . . _ ' • '
The aulekest and most convenient way in
and out of the Yosemite Valley u by wayof
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are In Yosemite to-morrow at 5 n. m. < • -
Yo Semite Via the Santa Fe.
TIENO. Nev., June 1».— After a spirited vot
ing: contest Miss Carrnalete Avenzeno was elec
ted Queen of th«» Reno Street Fair and Carnival
to be held the first week In July.
OKLAHOMA C1TY..O. T.. June 18.-W.
T. McMichael. who yesterday shot an.l
killed E. W. Johnson, a real estate dealer
and a former Rough Rider, and who was
himself shot, died to-day of his wounds.
K. E. Brown, who took part in the shoot-
Ing and ivho was released yesterday
evening, was rearrested to-day upon the
dfuth of McMichael and was held with
out ball. McMichael before he died as
serted that Brown had shot him, while a
bystander declares that McMichael's
wound was from a bullet fired by John
son.
McMichael Dies of His Wounds.
KANSAS. CITY, 'June 18.— The Chicago
and Alton local passenger train No. 1!,
which left, Kansas City at 8 a. m., waa
derailed two miles west of Mexico, Mo.,
about 2 o'clock this afternoon while run
ning, on schedule time. The engine and
three cars were derailed. Engineer Kel
ler of Slater was" thrown out of . the en
gine and killed. Thirteen raffsengers
were slightly injured, but all continued
the trip to their destination. The cause
of the derailment is yet unknown. Tho
track was repaired and trains passing
over It within three hours after the ac
cident.
Engineer Keller Is Killed.
1 • )
DES MOINES, Iowa. June 18 —William Ba
yard Craig, chancellor of Drake University,
was to-day, granted a year's leave of absence.
It Is generally believed that a new chancellor
will bo selected during the year.
BOMBAY, June 18,— The meteorological de
partment- predicts a deficiency of rain almost
everywhere in .the Bombay presidency, particu
larly at Juserat, and warns- the Government
to prepare for a severe famine.
Meanwhile the Bolivian Minister at Rio
de Janeiro has cabled urging his Govern
ment to reconsider its position, and saying
that unless Bolivia withdraws the con
cession Brazil will forthwith end diplo
matic relations and adopt more forcible
measures to obtain satisfaction. Brazil is
firm and an open rupture is only a ques
tion of hours unless the matter is settled.
NEW YORK, June 13.— A Sun special
from.. London says: The Financial Newn
says it learns that cable information was
received last night to the effect tha>t Bra
zil had instructed her Minister at La Paz,
Bolivia, to request ,an immediate reply
from the Bolivian Government in refer
ence to cancelling the Acre concession It
had made to an American syndicate. The
Minister was further instructed to state
that- unless a satisfactory "reply was at
once received energetic measures would
be adopted to stop the entire Acre busi
ness.. . ' • . • • ,
Granting Concessions in
Acre.
Th'ere*» Is a Prospect of a Clash Over
BRAZIL THREATENS
BOLIVIAN GOVERNMENT
WASHINGTON, June 1«.— The Presi
dtnt to-day sent the'following-nomina
tions to the-Senate: Army— Ordnance de
partment promotions— Lieutenant Colonel
John R. McGinnis. colonel; Major John
E. Grerr, lieutenant colonel; Captain
Frank D. Baker, major; First Lieutenant
Clarence C. Williams, captain. Revenue
cutter service— Third Lieutenant John F
Hottcl, second lieutenant.
Nominations by the President.
The Grand Circle to-day elected 'officers
as follows: Grand arch, druldess, Mrs.
F. Williams of San Francisco: grand
first bard, Mr3. ZazI of San Francisco;
grand second bard.-'Mrs. Jahn of Peta
luma; grand .secretary, Mrs. Thornl of
San Francisco; grand treasurer. Mrs.
Knarston of San Francisco; grand guard,
Mrs. Hartz-of Nevada; grand trustees,
Mrs. Streb of Napa, Mrs. Bamrnan and
Mrs. Jacobson of. San Francisco; conduc
tress, Mrs. Snyder of Stockton.
At this afternoon's session the time was
taken up in consideration of .the case of
Olympia Grove, which was suspended by
the Grand Arch during the year. The
Grand Grove voted to sustain the de
cision of .the Grand Arch. The case will
be taken ap again on Thursday.
Oakland. Sacramento and Livermore are
in the race for th« honor of entertaining
the next session of the Grand Grove.
NAPA, • Juno 18.— The Grand Grove of
Druids had an interesting, session to-day.
Two hundred and forty-five delegates an
swered to the roll call. The amendments
introduced yesterday were put to a. vote
and defeated, and the representation In
the Grand Grove will remain as hereto
fore.
Suspension of Olyrnpia
Grove. ' .;
Druids at Napa Take Action on the
SUSTAIN THE DECISION
OF THE GRAND ARCH
VANCOUVER. June 38.— James Hickey,
vho shot his wife and then took poison
yesterday, died early this morning. His
•rife died a few hours later.
Murderer and Victim Dead.
Jaxon comes of a good English family.
He formerly owned a farm near this
city, butjater went on the stage.
BAKERSFIELD, July 18.— Bernard Jax
on, a former resident of this city, who
recently fell heir to $150,000 in England,
has been located near San Francisco
through a letter written to a friend here.
Jaxon had been ill in a hospital at Clem
ent and was not apprised of his good for
tune until a day or two ago. He has re
ported to the British Consul m San
Francisco and will shortly return to
England.
Hospital.
nard Jaxon in a Clement
ITews of His Good Luck Reaches Ber-
HEIR TO A FORTUNE
IN ENGLAND IS FOUND
The injured are.: . .Archie . MqWethy,
skull fractured, fatal; James Beard, fire
man, stomach cut open, serious; Jerome
Cabert, traveling salesman" for Schwartz
child. & Sulzberger of Kansas City, head
and face- cut. serious; J. B. Donnelly, left
arm broken; J. G. Smith, head and shoul
ders; J. Webber, left eye, serious; Zeke
Munce. right eye; .Howard Boyce, lire
man,, hands and face burned; Harry
Matchett, temple, hands and face burned-
Melville' Carter, scalp cut open; Enoch
Bam ford, head and face; Clyde Moore,
head split open, serious; Will Starr, face'
eyes and arms, serious- Jasper Parsons!
cuts on .head and face] Daniel Waters
Choctaw fireman, head cut. serious- D c'
Stoddart, cut over both eyes: Tony Finch'
loco and head; R. E, Frazier, faco and
head, serious; Professor C. M. Randolph
artery severed on head, serious: John
Bamford of Mulhall, face and head- John
Renfro, face and head; Theodore Kimb«r
l<y, face and arms; J. C. Tutt, right fe<*
and head; H. D.. Todd, serious cuts on
face and head: Cornelius Nelson, botn
hands and face, serious; James Beasley
head, serious: B. E. Evanford, head and
face: Ed Bentley. head and arms; Robei t
Konahue, head and face, serious- R w
Cllne of-L/.B. Price Mercantile Companv!
AVichita, Kans., cut on head and body'
GUTHRIE, O. T.,' Juno 18.-Thiry-one
persons . were injured to-day by a gaso
line generator explosion in the New York
Hardware Company's store. At 8:30
o'clock fire broke out in the • rear of the
store, demanding the attention of two
fire companies. While the firemen were
fighting the flames an Immense crowd
gathered in the street before the plate
glass front of the building. The fire ig
nited gasoline, which exploded, blowing
cut the frontof the store into the crowd.
Heavy' plate glass went. Into the air, mak
ing' serious wounds . wherever it struck
persons in. falling.
The platform favors legal restraint of
monopolies and trusts and reaffirms fe
alty to the Philadelphia platform of 1900.
NASHVILLE, Tenn.. June 18.— The State
Republican convention to-day nominated
the following ticket: Governor, H. T.
Campbell of Carte*; Railroad Commis
sioner. H. H. Elliot, Shelby: Supreme
Justices. T. A. Wright, Poanc: J. S. Parks,
Bradley; E. C. Caldwell. Redford; B. W.
Starnes, Lawrence; C. II. Trimble,, Shel
by; Judges of Court of Chancery Appeals:
George T. McCall, McCarroll; George
Ramsey. Coffee; F. X. Hicks, Clinton.
A communication from Senators milliard
and Dietrich, explaining their attitude on
the Cuban reciprocity bill, was on motion
placed on file without action. The plat
form indorses the administration of Pres
ident Roosevelt, and especially his reci^
proclty policy with Cuba; commends his
stand against trusts, and favors the na
tional irrigation law. A special plank de
fends the army from unjust criticisms.
tion was indorsed
The nominees, except Governor, Lieuten
ant Governor and Treasurer, are the pres
ent State officers, and. the. selections were
made by acclamation. The feature of the
convention was the unanimity and enthus
iasm with which the national administra-
LINCOLN. Neb.. June 18.— The Republi
can State convention to-night nominated
the following ticket: Governor, j John
H. Mickey of Osceola; Lieutenant Gov
ernor, E. G. McGilton, Omaha: Secretary
of State. George W. Marsh. Kails City:
Treasurer. Petvr Mortensen, Ord; Auditor,
Charles Weston, Rushville; Attorney Gen
eral, F. N. Prout, Beatrice;. Commissioner
of public lands and buildings, G. D. Foil
man; Nelson; Superintendent of Schools,
W. E. Fowler. •
Explosion at a Fire In
jures Thirty-One
Persons.
State Conventions Held
in Nebraska and
Tennessee.
GLASS CRASHES
ON SPECTATORS
As a matter of fact. Weiscnberger, aft
er the killing of Thomas Watson near
thif= place, at once rode into town and
surrendered to the Sheriff. He was qulcK
]y acquitted on his preliminary examina
tion and had been a free citizen for
months before he was employed in the
Hayden Hill mine. Weisenbergers deatn
resulted from a fall from a bucket while
h>; was being lowered into the old shaft.
It is Fupposed he was overcome by gas.
TJic killing of Thomas Watson by Weis<
enberger was regarded as justifiable on
the ground that it was unquestionably
done in self-defense.
SUSANVILLE, June IS.— Much feeling
has been aroused here by the publication
lr. San Francisco of an article concerning
the finding of the body of Benedick Wels
cr.bcrgor in the Hayden Hill mine. In
the article it was declared that Welsen-.
herder was a fugitive from justice and
Thatch'? met death while crawling deeo
into one of the drifts of the mine to cs
cu pe capture.
Upon Memory of a Former
Neighbor.
Susanville Residents Resent Attack
BENEDICK WEISENBERGER
WAS NOT A FTJGITIV3
to be one of the most successful ever held
William Middleton Is Remanded
Without Bail to the Sheriff's
Custody.
REDDING, June 18.— William Middle
ton, the youth who shot John If. Yeak
ey to death on Sunday night, was to-day
formally charged with murder by the
dead man's widow, Mrs. Yeakey. He was
taken from the county jail • by Con
stable M. F. Eldridge to Justice Ilerzin
ger's court. Cassia Clawson, the woman
over whom the tragedy occurred, was at
the jail when Middlelon was brought out
and she accompanied him almost to the
courtroom door.
As Middleton stood up in the dock and
heard the charge of murder read to him,
he appeared more than ever the stripling
lad. His preliminary examination was set
for next Monday morning and he was re
manded to the custody of Sheriff Behrens,
without bail.
CHARGED WITH MURDEL,
BY WIDOW OF VICTIM
McHugh. among a number of members
of the United Irish League, is charged
with conspiracy and intimidation in con
nection with the complaint of a tenant of
a farm from which a member of the
League had been evicted. During his trial
for alleged conspiracy he asked the
magistrates for their names. The chair
man remarked that McHugh was only
asking questions In order to cause ob
struction. Thereupon McHugh called the
chairman a "damned liar" and refused to
apologize, telling the magistrates that he
never "expressed regrets to sweeps of
their kind."
SLIGO, Ireland. June ]S.— Patrick A.
McHugh, Nationalist member of Parlia
ment for the "North Division of Leitrim
and proprietor of the Siigo Champion,'
who, owing to his failure to appear in an
swer to a summons, was arrested June 15,
was to-day committed to jail for three
months for contempt of court.
Ignores a Summons and Is in
More '..'Touble, '
Nationalist Member of Parliament
1HREE MONTHS IN, JAIl/
FOR PATRICK A. McHTJGH
LOS ANGELES, June 18.— According to
a story printed here, a solution has been
found for the mystery .surrounding the
life of the late Charles Hill, who died
several weeks ago in the Good Samaritan
Hospital, friendless and alone, leaving a
fortune of 1142,200 in a safe deposit box.
George Hayes, private secretary to Gen
eral A. L. New, has come forward with
the information that Hill was a seafar
ing man and former! y lived in Mystic,
Conn., where Hayes knew him and his
brother.' Mason C. Hill. The latter owned
and operated a shipyard at Mystic and
was alive at last accounts. The brother
has a family, consisting- of two sons and
a married daughter." -
The old man who died here is identified
with the Mystic sea captain by the fact
that Hayes met him on the street in Los
Angeles a few days before his death and
talked with him of their old home in the
Connecticut town. Hayes says that he
kept track of Hill until 1883, when he was
believed to have gone to San Antonio,
Tex. For the greater part of the time
previous to that year Hill was In the em
ploy of the C H. Maliory Company,
which operated a line of vessels between
New York and Galveston, Tex. Hayes is
certain that his acquaintance, Charles Hill
of Mystic. Conn., whom he met on the
streets of Los Angeles, is the same
Charles Hill who died In the hospital. He
has placed the facts In the hands of the
Public Administrator, who will communi
cate with the relatives in Connecticut.
Charles Hill.
Upon the Career of Wealthy
Los Angeles Citizen Throws Light
CLEARS THE MYSTERY
OF DEAD MAN'S IDENTITY
TICKETS NAMED
BY REPUBLICANS
To-morrow morning the regular business
of the State convention will begin, the
meetings being held in St. Paul's Church.
Many special features in the way of lec
tures, sermons and music have been ar
ranged for the convention, which promises
FRESNO. June 18.— The first session
of the State convention of the Ep
worth League of the Methodist
Church South will, be held in
this city to-morrow morning,
and will continue four days. Already
the city contains many delegates, 150 be
ing gathered here from various parts of
the State. Many more are expected to ar
rive before the end of the week; together
with scores of visitors from points near by.
To-night a reception to the Leaguers
was given in St. Paul's Church and every
thing possible was done to show them the
""warm hospitality that Fresnoans are
capable of according. A special feature
of the evening was the -singing of the
Epworth chorus, consisting of seventy
voices, which was organized here some
months ago, and which has for several
weeks been practicing in preparation 'for
last night's entertainment. The best
musical and literary talent of the citV
assisted in the programme. * • • -
The session of the Fresno District Ep
worth League was Held yesterday. There
was an attendance of about forty del
egates. Robert Poole of Visalia, president
of the district league, presided.
"We are Hood River men," one of the
five said, "and we are going after that
$3000 offered for Tracy and Merrill."
The names of the party were given as
S. F. Louts, Harry Hampshire, James
Hughes, James Moberly ancf Alexander
Gillespie. They are farmer boys, who are
used to hunting bear In the woods about
the base of Mount Hood, and the dogs
they have along have good records as
bear trailers. The party left for La Cen
ter to take up the trail of the fugitives.
It is reported by Detective Kerrigan of
Portland, who returned here to-niglu,
that Sheriff Huntington of Cowlltz Coun
ty, between which and Clark County the
upper fork of Lewis River is the dividing
line, has taken up the search on the
north side of the river and has posted
men to guard all crossings, while Sheriff
Marsh still maintains armed watchers on
the Clark County side of the river.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 18.— A crowd of
five convict hunters stepped off the Ore
gon Navigation train this morning when
it arrived at the station.
VANCOUVER, Wash., June 18.— Tn"e
search for Harry Tracy and David Mer
rill, the escaped convicts from the Ore
gon penitentiary, has been abandoned for
t'ie present by the posse which has made
this city its headquarters for the past
three days, and the majority of the offi
cers, detectives and militiamen returneu
to Vanconver this evening, weary from
their long vigil and chagrined over their
failure to bring d<Avn their human game.
The fugitives have not been seen since
yesterday evening, when they passed
Nicholson's farm, near Pioneer, on horse
back. The general opinion among the pur
euers is that the outlaws are still in the
woods south of Lewis River. A close
v.atch has been kept at all crossings of
the river, and the officers do not believe
that the desperadoes crossed the stream
last night or to-day.
Proof that the convicts are in the tim
ber along Lewis River came to-day in a
report by a man named Lindsley, who has
a logging camp in that vicinity. He in
formed the officers that the convicts ap
peared at his place in the woods late last
evening and demanded supper, which was
given to them. After supper they went
away, but in which direction the inform
ant could not tell.
A mining man who returned to Arizona
to-day from the country where Dunham
Is supposed to be In hiding brings the
Information that it is pretty well known
through that section that a California
detective is on his way to Sonora to
capture Dunham. It Is the prevailing
opinion there that Dunham will never be
taken alive. They say that if Dunham
i6 stationed where he Is claimed to be,
he is surrounded by some of the . most
notorious desperadoes in Mexico and
that Edson is . more likely to get
a bullet in his head than to capture the
murderer. However, Edson has many
friends among the Mexicans in Sonora
and he expresses such great confidence
in the success of his errand that many
Tucsonians believe that he has positive
arsurance from his Sonora friends that
Dunham Is as good as captured already —
in other words, that he has "something
up his sleeve" and is aided by powerful
influences in Mexico.
While in Tucson Edson used every pos
eible means to conceal his presence from
newspaper men and others who might
betray his errand. He did not register
a.t his hotel and when he wanted to go
to the office of his local attorney for
consultation he took a closed carriage.
Edson said to an intimate friend that he
had not yet procured the necessary ex
tradition papers through the Governor
of California, but that he had made pro
vision to get them from Sacramento and
Washington, D. C, Just as soon as he
advised the officials by wire that he had
captured his man.
TUCSON, Ariz., June 18.— Juan Edson,
the former peace officer of San Jose,
Cal., claims to have James C. Dunham
as good as captured. He stopped in Tuc
son to-day on his way to Sonora, whtre
he believes he has located the sextuple
murderer of the McGlincy family. Edson
made a positive statement here to confi
dential friends that he expected to be
back in Arizona with his - man in ten
days, or two weeks at the latest.
Edson was In Sonora last fall, working
on the Stassforth divorce case, and at
that time asked certain friends to look
out for Dunham. The latter say they
have found their man at a place in the
Sierra Madre mountains three hundred
miles by wagon road and trail from the
nearest station on the Sonora railroad.
Edson left this afternoon for Torres,
where 'he will be joined by a trustworthy"
Mexican sruide. He is familiar with many
parts of Sonora, but feared to rely upon
his own resources while the Yaquls were
ir.aking so much trouble in that country.
Edson delayed his trip on account of the
Yaqui raid" but is reassured by repcrrts
that the Yaquis have been pacified in
tnany Quarters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hiding in. the Lewis
River Woods.
.1
Fugitives Are Believed to Be
Claims to Have Murderer Lo
cated in the Mountains
of Sonora.
victs Tracer and
Merrill.
Abandons Quest of Con-
Juan Edson Tells Tucson
Friends of His
Plans.
POSSE WEARIES
OF THE PURSUIT
SAYS HE'LL SOON
CAPTURE DUNHAM
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,- THURSDAY, JUNE 19, 1902.
GENTLEMEN PROMINENT IN
THE COUNCILS OF THE EP
WORTH LEAGUERS.
3
DB. CCLMES'S SWAMP-BOOT.
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
Thsre is a disease prevailing in this
country most dangerous because so decep-
7~~i |1 1 1 1 pLJk)Ative. Many sudden
*> dJliCT IM SjlSr^^ deaths are caused by
j^^i^T^^Cl^P it — heart disease,
= frtj2} u$k» P nsumonia » heart
"jjl/^w rnn '&£=£=£ failure or apoplexy
m vSci~^nr>v^i r are often tne resu "
>N\ X^f, of kidney disease. If
"^A it ( v feli I k^ ne y trou ble Js al-
S?^!^ t il\\ u t^V L sc^ *° advance the
5^v =r v< N.I4 JslL— kidney-poisoned
\^ * JU-LCr blood will attack the
\M*wrnaBu^eui^ vital organs or the
kidneys themselves break down and wasto
away cell by cell.
Bladder-trcublas most always result from
a derangement of the kidneys and a cure is
obtained quickest by a proper treatment of
the kidneys. If you are feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to hold urine and scald-
Ing pain in passing It, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity of being compelled to
go often during the day, and to get up many
times during the night. The mild ind tho
extraordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and sold
by all druggists in fifty-cent and one-dollar
sized bottles. You may fT- f JV gv !L '
have a sample bottle of (iS^jmSa5r|^3SlSfe|
this wonderful new dis- Srg^2H|"rlJ-SiS|s||a
covery and a book that 42i£lL2JU^gi3E?
tells all about it. both H om« of a^^R^tT
sent free by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co.
Binghamton,. N. Y. When writing mention
reading this generous offer in this paper.
Don't make any mistake, but remem-
ber the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
Binghamton, N. Y.. on every bottle.
BEMEDIES.
When the is out of plumb the
building is more or less unsafe, and the
higher the wall is carried out of the per-
pendicular the greater the danger of col-
lapse. It's about so with the health ; it
is out of plumb when the digestion is
impaired, when '
there is a dull, «
sluggish feeling,
with nervousness, Mi\
irritability and \
sleeplessness. *-^^fc^z3> fflrak
Every day that te=5&$$7
these symptoms E^iS^Hp*!
are neglected in- L i ' ' *j ija
creases the liabil- biLL^i; ml— -
ity to physical
Dr. Pierce* s fix-^^jwH
Golden Medical 1^5? \a
Di scorery cures yj^mrrfwF
diseases of the , i
etomach and other Ira \ \
organs of diges- «» \ »
tion and nutrition.
ll puriSes the blood and cures nervous-
ness, irritability and sleeplessness by
curing the diseases in which they
originate.
"For three years I suffered untold agony, "
¦rntes Mrs. H. R. White, of Stanstead. Stanstead
Co.. Quebec. - 1 would have spells of trembling
cud beinfr sick at my stomach, pain in rijfht side
all the time ; then it would work up into my
Ftomach and— such distress it is impossible to
describe I wrote to the World's Dispensary
M'-dica! \«socia!ion. stating my case to them,
a:id they very promptly answered and told me
what to do. I took c : ght bottles of Dr.-Picrce's ,
Golden Medical Discovery, asd five vials of
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets. Thanks to Dr.
J'i»rce a:id his medicine I am a well woman
to-dav. Pr. Pierces medicines also cured my
mother of liver conipiaint from which she has
been a sufferer for fifteen years. We highly
recommend these medicines to all suffering
people"
The People's Common Sense Medical :
Adviser, a book containing iooS pages,
is given away. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for expense of mailing only, for the book
in paper covers, or 31 stamps for the
volume bound in cloth. Address Dr.
JL V. Hcsce, Buffalo, N. Y,
' > The old-time warship is a humorous spectacle when placed beside a modern engine of |
war. The nation of to-day that uses old-style vessels is backward and is on the retro^ade. !
Just so in clothing! The man Who pays big prices for his clothes and has them
: made to order by some high-priced tailor, just because he did years, ago, is not as pro-
gressive (unless he can affordjt) as the man who pays an economical price for his clothes
and gets full value for his money. The man who buys carefully and makes his, dollars
count is thrifty and progressive. !
We can clothe the economical man according to his ideas. We make suits to or- j
der for, as low a price as $10, and to prove: to the skeptical that the suits are all right from
every standpoint we guaratee them. A year's repairing free with every suit. Money back ' I
Our samples are free for the asking. Take some home with you and ask. a. friend 1
Suits made to measure for $10.00 I
Suits satisfactory I r~q- — -» If out of the city |
ily made for out-o- £$/M' 1/wOOO &l HTh* write for self-meas- f
town customers. i rf. y \}J uring blank and 1
Write us. 718 Market* Cor. Powell & Eddy samples. JJ. R. Hurd, engineer of train 144S, which
is supposed to have killed Hugh Dorsey
at the crossing of Sixth and Townsend
streets on Tuesday night, was placed un
der arrest yesterday by Police Officer R.
H. Beanier. Hurd was found at his home,
2885 Sixteenth street, and taken to the
City Hall station, where he was released
on furnishing $50 bail. Hurd had no
recollection of having seen Dorsey on the
track at the time the engine passed at 11
o'clock Tuesday night.
Engineer Hurd Is Arrested.
Chief Wittman was notified yesterday
by Edward E. Drake of the Union Metal
lic Cartridge Company that two men had
called upon him. asking for an advertise
ment to be placed In a book containing
the history of the Police Department.
Drake asked if it was all right. The Chief
replied that the department had no in
terest whatever in the publication and
that Drake' should pay no attention to the
men's request. It appears that the Eu
phrat Company,~Liimited, sent a commu
nication recently to the Police Commis
sioners that a book was to be prepared
giving a history of the department to be
circulated at the convention of Chiefs of
Police next year in New Orleans and
asking: the privilege of collecting data, but
it was simply placed on file.
No Connection "With the Police.
Class reserve — Forty-eight entries — A. R.
Curtis' Nestor vs. H. A. Talbot's Jennie Noys;
J. Hurley's Sugarcane vs. W. C. de B. Lopez's
Chester; A. McLeod's Money Musk vs. U. M.
Connell's Black Coon; M. Nealon's Aeneas vs.
C. O. Peterson's Lady Nellie; J. Sefrgerson'3
Gold HMLvs. P. Scott' a Half Moon; J. L. Ros3'
Creswlck vs. Pasha Kennels' Real Aristocrat:
T. Sullivan's Vagrant vs. P. J. Horgan's Peer
less; P. J. Horgan's Magnilla vs. F. L. Nourae'a
Gay City; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs va.
T. Jolley's Little May; G. Sharman's Little
Sister vs. A. McLeod's Royal Friend; P. Doyla's
High Stepper vs. J. Charlton's Cloudburst; H.
A. Talbot's Little Dorrit Vs. J. F. Rogers'
Glaucus; O. Prior's Nellie Grey vs. A. R. Cur
tis' Fly by Night: Chiarini Bros.' Sempronius
vs. Kelly & Hanley's Naughty Girl; P. M.
Clarkson's Miss Brummel va. Kelly & Hanley's
Fearful Ship; Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead
vs. Aeneld Kennels' Matters Much; Chiarim
Bros.' Whitehat vs. T. Maber's Bad Boy, \V.
J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick V3. O.Zahl's O'Hara:
W. J. Leonard's Daylight vs. P. C. Blick's
Yellow Tail; T. Mailer's Piker vs. J. Hurley's
Alfalfa; A. McLeod's Pure Pearl vs. P. M.
Clarkson'a Flower of Gold; T. Jolley's Toronto
vs F. A. McComb's Motto; P. C. Blick's Ad
vance Guard vs. A. R. Curtis' Miranda: J.
Charlton's Charming Thought vs. P. M. Clark
son's Prompto.
The greyhounds entered at'Union Cours
ins.;park this week will be divided among
Cfour ..jgta.k'es. There will also.be a con
solation event for the dogs beaten in the
.first: round of the special. On Saturday
the sapling and reserve stakes will be run
to a 1 conclusion, together with- one round
-of 'the' class reserve. Palo Alto's name
again appears among the entries in the
special , stake. The draw last night re
sulted as, follows: •
Sapling stake— Eight j entries— W. J. Leon
ard's 'Gene Casserly vs. E. Preston's Keal Pa
sha; Iv" M. -Appleby'3 Tricksy vs. J. Moonejrs
Jim ODonneJi; J. F. Rogers' May Flush vs.
W. . 3. Leonard's Our Myra.
Reserve stake— Sixteen entries— "W. Calm a
Melrose V3. G. Starr's Step On; Pasha Kennels
Real Lassie vs J. L. Rosa' Game Bird; A. R/
Curtis' Dragon Fly vs. H. F. Anderson's High
lands; S. F. Smith's Injury vs. T. Cox's Crock
ett Hill; Pasha Kennels' Lawrence V3. P. J.
Horgan's Partial Eclipse; G. Coombs' Rustic
Arbor vs. T. P. Sweeney's Cottage Lass; %v.
Creamer's Lily Pike vs. J. Seggerson's Algy
McDonald; W. Cairn's Eastlake vs. J. F. Rog
ers' Coldius.
Special- stake— Thirty-two entries— a O. Pe
terson's Silver Cloud vs. J. P. Thrift's Bru
tus; B. Geary's Fenli va. E. Geary's Roy
Hughie; J. Carroll's Cascade vs. J. Dempsey's
Jingle Bells; O. Zahl's Homer Boy vs. A. R.
Curtis' Flying Fox; F. Jones' Wedgewood vs.
T. J. Cronin's Vandal: F. A. McComb'8 OtU
vs. F. Jones' Tyrone Prince; E. Geary's Fan
nie Hughie vs. J. L. Ros3' Game Boy; C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard vs. Chiarini Bros.' Tame
Tralee; J, L. Ross' Fontenoy vs. E. Geary 3
Palo Alto; G. Sharman's Sir Pasha vs Chiarini
Bros.' Dewdrop; P. Doyle's Liberator va. B.
Silva's Master Rocket; T. J. Cronin's Tralee
Boy vs. Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire; E.
Geary's Ireland vs. A. R. Curtis' Anchor; Yo
semlte Kennels' Mose vs. E. Geary's Fair
Oaks; E. Ready's Full Moon vs. P. M. Clark
son's Golden Garter; Pasha Kennels' Rural
Artist vs. Chiarini Bros.' Santonin.
Palo Alto's Name Again
Appears Among Those
,;••. ;. • . *.. E n tered.
FIVE STAKES
FOR GREYHOUNDS
Four Regular Events and
a Cgnsolation at
Union Park.
Cyclist Stevens Goes East.
SAN JOSE, I June 18.— Orlando . Stevens,
the cyclist,' leaves to-morrow .for the
East, where he will again enter the races
oa toe circuit, _.. •:,- . . . :
Barry to light Trimble.
Dave Barry of this elty'and Jim Trimble
of 'Los Angeles have agreed to fight in
Sacramento on the 2feth inst. i They are to
•weigh in at 160 pounds, '
The Murphy-Donovan fight before the
Acme Club, Oakland; to-morrow, night is
expected to prove a slugging match, Don
ovan can stand a lot of punishment and
Mnrphy is also good at that game.
Sailor Sues for Damages.
Christ Olsen filed a libel yesterday in
the United States District Court .against
John A. Hanify and Albert C.. Hooper of
the steamship Santa Monica to- recover
$250 wages and damages for personal in
juries..
The Sheriff 'vas Immediately notified
and a search for the lad instituted, but
up to to-night no trace of him has been
f cund. Young Anderson told his parents
Sunday evening- that two strangers had
threatened* to kidnap him, but • no at
tention was paid to the warning.
"Your son is, kidnaped and we 'demand
$5000 for his release, to be-paid by the
waterfall, east of Brigham, or his arms
and legs will be cut off and he will be
killed. We mean every word we say.
"CHAIN GANG ROBBERS." -
BRIGHAM, Utah, June 18.— The resi
dents . of this town are excited to-night
over the kidnaping of Nels Anderson
Jr., 17 years of age, son of a prominent
merchant. Anderson's father owns a
farm near Brlgham upon which the boy
worked. Young Anderson stopped at his
father's house in town Sunday night and
it was thought had left for the farm
early Monday tnorning. Yesterday morn
ing a farm . hand called at the Anderson
residence and inquired for the boy. On
searching the house young Anderson's
straw hat was found with the following
note pinned to it: ... -: .
On Monday the Clark family moved to
their summer cottage on the shore of
Chebaco Pond and the little fellow went
over to the water for a bath. He has
not been seen since and the.lpond has
been thoroughly dragged without result.
Footprints were found in the woods. The
¦boy's -shoes fitted them exactly and ac
companying them were the footprints of
a man. A woman living in the vicinity
of Chebaco Pond says she saw a boy an
swering the description being dragged
along the Manchester turnpike on the
afternoon on which the Clark child dis
appeared.- . .
Some time ago when a strike was in
progress on the railroad. Clark incurred
the displeasure of the. strikers and threats
to "get even" were made freely' by the
dissatisfied workmen.. The disappearance
of the boy leads the father to ¦ believe
that he has been spirited away by one of
his former employes.
. . BOSTON, Mass., June 18.— The. little -son
of A. W. Clark of Beverly is missing and
his. parents are,. forced to believe that he
has been kidnaped for the purpose of ran
scm. Clark is a prominent railroad offi
cial, being connected with the transpor
tation department .of the Boston and
Maine road. He is a man of wealth and
as the missing boy is his only child he
would be willing to pay any sum within
his power to ensure, the boy's safe return.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Siever's Famous Filly Begins to ShoW
the Effect of Travel and of
- Continued 'Racing 1 .^ ,.
LONpQJf.-.June 18.— Sunny; weather and
the promise of ; pood sport .were sufficient
to attract big- crowds to Ascot i Heath ¦ to
day without the presence 1 of King Ed
ward and Queen Alexandra. The King
has practically recovered from his indis
position and their Majesties are expected
to go to the races to-morrow in state.
The Prince of Wales represented the royal
family at Ascot to-day. Otherwise, the
orowd of fashionable people - was much
the same as at yesterday's meeting.
*The Licitor won the Royal Hunt Cup,
Oscardas was second and St. MacDou
third. Twenty-three horses ran.
R. S, Siever's famous filly Sceptre suf
fered an unexpected defeat in the Corona
tion stakes. The race resulted as fol
lows: Sir E. Cassell's Doctine won. Sir J
Blundell Maple's Simmon second, W
Raphael's St. Uncomber third.
BCEPTRE IS UNPLACED
IN CORONATION" STAKES'
Prominent Boston Rail
road Official Loses
a Child. , !
NEW YORK, June 18.— The last of the
Rancho del' Paso yearlings were disposed
of to-day at Sheepshead Bay. One hun
dred and ninety-four in' all were sold for
$216,700. : ¦ Sidney Paget was again- a buyer,
paying $4500 for the bay colt by' imp. St.
Gatlen-Turmoil and $3200 for the chestnut
colt by imp. Bassetlaw-Victorla Cross.
The other sales of- $1000 and over were:
Ch. c, by imp. Bassetlaw-Suspicion, A, L.
Aste, $2000; b. f., by imp. Sir Modred-
Sweet, Sidney Paget, $1600; f.i by imp.
St. Gatien-The Dome, Pat Dunne, $1200;
ch. c, by imp. Golden Garter-Tourmaline,
G. B. Morris, ?3000; br. c, by-imp.-Bas
setlaw-Troyene, Pat Dunne, $1200; ch. c,
by imp. Sir Modred-Woodford filly, J. W.
Schorr, $1800; b. . f., by Molta-Redlands,
Sidney Paget, $1600. ' '• ' '
One Hundred and Ulnety-Four Add
§216,700 to Bank Account of
Rancho del Paso Master.
HAGGIN" COLTS SELL £ *
FOR FANCY PRICES.
The Boston Clothing .Company
Is selling men s all-wool suits and over
coats that are worth $12 for . $4.65 at as
signee sale, 773 Market st.. near Fourth. •
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT.— John Flynn. re
siding at 1402 Kearny street, and Thomas
Vaughan of 39 Juniper street were treated, at
the Emergency Hospital yesterday for bullet
wounds in the hands. Both were accidentally
shot while handling pistols, j ,
De Koven Society Entertains.
• The second entertainment and dance
given by the De Koven .Cotillon Society
was held last evening at Golden Gate
Hall. An entertaining programme was
rendered, as follows: ¦ >- -
Overture by Blum'3 Orchestra: specialties by
Miss Maud Sharpe; octet by Columbia Min
strels; song and dance by Miss Goudey, fol
lowed by a one-act farce entitled, "An Inter
rupted Bath," with W. A. Lyons, Phil Left,
Herman Bauer, Miss Hazel Lyons and Miss
Josiu Horn in the cast: a little of "Fiddle Dee
Dee," given by Gensler and Crane.
The remainder of the evening was given
to dancing. The committees were as fol
lows:
Floor— Ed Gensler. Carl Craner, Harry Jo
seph/ G. A. Gensler, Sid Sllverstine, Ben Alti.
field. . '
Reception — Cella Onpenheim, Fannie Lerner,
Ray Joseph, Sadie Straussberger.
• NEW YORK, June 18.— The following
Californians have arrived; San Fran
cisco—N. H. Mines, at the, Navarre; J. C.
Eschen, at the Broadway Central; T. B.
W.- Leland and wife, at the Rossmore;
L>. J. Medbury. at the Plaza; Dr. Ballard,
C. Hobbs, Mrs. J. K. C. Hobba, Miss
Hobbs, at the Albemarle.
' Los Angeles' — S. E. ' Adair, at tha Earl
ington; Mrs. Larguier, at the Navarre;
Miss Drake, Miss Hansel, Miss Monoghan,
at the Netherlands; A. W. Wood, at the
Grand Union.
Calif ornians in New York.
FEARS HIS BOY
WAS KIDNAPED
. The clever juggler .takes many chances
of permanently injuring himself. He
would not have undertaken the feat but
for the wager made by Morrisey. His
ambition is to catch a turnip dropped
from the Eiffel Tower.
Bedini performed the feat in Chicago
In the presence of five thousand pe»pla
who crowded before the Masonic Temple.
He stood in front of the building in his
shirt sleeves, and as the turnip was
dropped he caught it on the fork. Two
men stood behind him to prevent him
from falling. It may not be generally
known but it'is a' fact that the velocity
of the turnip equals nearly 200 pounds
weight when it . reaches de sidewalk.
Bedini is confident that he can do th9
trick. He only asks the privilege of three
tries. He claims the wind at the corner
of Third and Market streets is so great
that it may veer the turnip out of its
course. . ¦ . • •
Manager John Morrisey of the Orpheum
has wagered half a dozen cases of wine
with Ned Greenway, the well known so
ciety leader, that Bedini will perform the
difficult feat. Mayor Schmltz has granted
permission to the daring- juggler and
Chief of Police Wittman will detail a
score cf policemen to keep the crowd
back. : ..
a turnip that is dropped from
the cafe in the Claus Spreckels build
ing. Bedini will hold a long fork In his
mouth and as the object reaches him he
will impale it. This feat has been per
formed by him in Chicago and New York
and has attracted a great deal of atten
tion.
AT half an hour after nopn on Sat
urday • next Jean Bedini, the
clever juggler now appearing at
the Orpheum, will essay to catch
Cincinnati 0
Chicago 2. j : 8 0
Batteries — Phillips and Bergen: Taylor and
Chance. Umpires — Powers and Brown.
Boston ...9 9 3
New, York 4 0 , 1
Batteries — Eason. and Kittredse; Sparks and
Bowerman. Umpire — Cantillon. •
CINCINNATI, June 18. — Chicago shut 'the
Cincinnatis out to-day- In a great game. Phil
lips and Taylor both pitched winning ball.
Chicago- was lucky and scored on an error.
Attendance, D00. Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 5 8 3
Philadelphia 1 6 • 4
' Batteries— Hughes and Farrell; White . and
Dooin. Umpire — Emslie.
BOSTON, June 18.— Soarks' weakness in the
first and sixth innincs lost him to-day's game.
Eason was steady except in the second inning,
when New York made all her runs. A home
run by Kittredtre in the first inning, was a
feature. Attendance, 650. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston. .'...8 9 1
Cleveland 3 0 3
Batteries — Prentisa and Crlger; Streit and
Wood.
CHICAGO, June 18.— The Chicago-Philadel
phia game wag postponed on account of rain.
> NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, June 18. — It was a pitch
ers' battle up to the ninth inning, when
Brooklyn bunched five hits off White. Attend
ance, 1875. Score: . .
R. H. E.
St. Louis » 14 2
Baltimore 6 14 " 2
Batteries — Powell, Sugden, Maloney and
Freit; Shields, Howell and Bresnahan.
BOSTON, June 18. — A borne run by Collins,
two singles and two «rrors by. Flick netted
Boston four runs In the first inning of to-day's
game. This proved sufficient;- as Cleveland
failed to bat :Prentisa with «.ny effect. At
tendance, 3268. Score:
Eurkett of St. Louis the Lucky Bats
man and His Team Mates Ably-
Second His Effort.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, June 18.— Mullen kept Wash
ington's bits well scattered to-day and a base
on balls to Delehanty developed into Wash
ington's only run. Attendance, 1900. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 4 10 0
Washington 1 8 0
Batteries — Mullen, and Buelow; Patten and
Clarke.
ST. LOUIS, June 18.— Burkett hit the first
ball pitched by Shields to-day for a home run
and the Browns won by pounding out five runs
in the first and fourth innings. Attendance,
12 °°- SC ° re: R. H. E.
FIRST PITCHED BALL
HIT FOR A HOME RTJN
¦ Albert Schroeder, a prominent member
of the* Judiciary of Tonquin, arrived on
the Hongkong Maru, yesterday and is at
the Occidental. Schroeder has been in the
Orient thirty years. He has retired, and
is on a pleasure tour.
C. P. Pierce of Marysville is at the Lick.
Dr. G. A. "White of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
T. Spellacy, an oil man of Bakerafleld,
is at the Lick.
Judge Byron Waters of Los Angeles Is
at the Occidental.
F. H. Kennedy, an attorney of Stockton,
is at the California.
Dr. D. J. Walters of Honolulu is reg
istered at the Grand. ¦
H. C. Schroeder, Assessor .of Nevada
Ccunty, is at the Lick.
N. E. Deyoe, a prominent business man
of Modesto, is at the Lick.
Frederick H. Gilman, a publisher of
Minneapolis, is at the Grand.
M. H. Smith, a business man of Los An-
v geles, and wife are at the California.
¦ Colonel E. Fenner, who is on his way
round the world, Is at the California.
PERSONAL.
POSITION TAKEN BY CLEVER
JUGGLER WHILE CATCHING
DESCENDING TURNIP.
OAKLAND, June 18.— Mike : Donovan
and Tim Murphy are matched for a fif
teen-round contest Friday night at the
Exposition building. The men - are in
good condition and promise to give a
first-class exhibition' for the- Acme Ath
letic Club's patrons. Manager Lavigne
announces there will be two preliminaries
in addition to the main number.
tion Includes a First-Class
Contest.
Programme for Acme Club's Exhibi-
DONOVAN AND MTJRPHY
MEET FRIDAY NIGHT
The deceased ,was only 17 years of age.
She was married in Oregon when i but 15
and. came. alone to this city last fall and
became a denizen of the tenderloin. Her
foster-mother, who resides In Aledford,
Gr.-j' notified the authorities here, and De
tective Coleman : was detailed to find
Adah: On learning . that she was mar
ried Coleman abandoned the search, as
nothing could be done by the police au
thorities. The unfortunate woman drank
heavily, and her suicide evidently was a
maudlin "freak.
¦ Good-by, Corporal . Brown, forever more. 1
love you yet and I always -will, so good-by,
sweetheart, forever more. Corporal Brown,
box 42, Presidio, Cal. Kindly mail Zack B.
Brown.-. ' f
Adah. Castillo, who was also known as
Gwin Gqrdon, committed suicide Tuesday
night by asphyxiating herself with illu
minating gas -in .her -room at 34 Eddy
street. She was discovered dead in bed
yesterday morning with the gas fully
turned on. The. door was locked and the
key was on the inside, so that an en
trance had to be effected through a win
dow. On the dresser was a note, written
In a drunken hand and bearing consid
erable resemblance to the handwriting of
the unfortunate woman, reading as fol
lows: -
ing Love for Corporal Brown
of Presidio.
Leaves a Note Declaring Her Undy-
PRETTY ADAH CASTILLO
KILLS HERSELF WITH GAS
Chief Wittman, on being served with
the injunction . papers, consulted' District
Attorney Byington, who said he would
look into the matter and advise him to
day.
During the day Mark Shaughnessy, who
represents Young Gibbs, one of the box
ers, declared all negotiations for a fight
off. He insisted upon the club officials
posting a forfeit of $500 in gold coin to be
forfeited to the boxers if they fail to
promote the contest. The forfeit not be
ing forthcoming the match was not made.
This leaves the club without any stand
ing in court. It is expected other men
will be substituted for Neill and Gibbs. I
The restraining order, which was issued
by Judge Murasky; yesterday is returnable
before Judge Sloss Friday, June 20.
The order was issued on the petition of
James Neill,' Edward Wilson and. J. D.
Gibbs. The petitioners contend that the
ordinance under which the Board; of Su
pervisors-grant permits for boxing con
tests is unconstitutional, and seek to
bring the matter before the courts by in
junction proceedings. Wilson, Neill and
Gibbs claim they have a right to promote
boxing contests as individuals and se
cured thtf order under that guise. The
ordinance, they, claim, /does' not give the
Supervisors power to refuse any ''individ
ual" a permit, as it provides only for or
ganized clubs. -•- •-..;. .
.Chief of Eolice Wittman and the Sher
iff have been restrained from interfering
with the proposed Neill-Gibbs fight' an
nounced for June' 25th at Mechanics' Pa
vilion. . ' : •--.- . .:•• ' :;:¦-.- ;'¦
Seventh race, mile" anfl a sixteenth, on the
turf — Golden Cottage won. Cuspidor second,
Aleike third. Time, 1 :49 4-5.
Sixth race, five furlongs— Dr. ¦' Saylor won,
Cinquevalll second, Pine Brook third. Time.
1 :0l 4-5. . .
Third race, the Daisy stake for two-year-olds,
five furlongs, on the turf — Roxboro won. Milady
Love second, Boltons third. Time, 1:01 1-5. •
- : Fourth race, the Bay Ridge, handicap, mile
and a quarter — Advanee Quard won,. Nones sec
end. Watercure third. ,.Time,. 8:07:2-5.
Fifth race, .five furlongs — Miekey Dwyer won
"Warte Nicht second," Mount- Hope thirds Time!
1:01 3-5. - ,. - :'.
Second race, one mile — Roxane won. Sister
Juliet second. The Amazon third. Time,
1:39 1-5.
First race, high weight handicap, six fur
longs — Jim. Tully won, Coburg second. Wealth
third. Time. 1:14.
First race, four and a half furlongs, purse —
Avoid won. Pathos second, Christine A third.
Time, :55',£.
Second race, six furlongs, seMIng — Duela won,
Little Arrow second. Lulu Flight third. Time,
1:16.
Third race, mile and seventy yards. Felling —
Kitty Clyde won, Tlckful second. Orris third.
Time, 1:46.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Scorpio won, Om
aurman second. Nickey D thini. Time, 1:14V*.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Lekeview
Belle won Lillian M second, Parnassus third.
Time, l:2s?i.
Sixth race, mile and three-sixteenths, selling
—Cogswell won. Varner second, Wallabout
third. Time, 2:01%.
NEW YORK, June 18.— SheepEhead Bay re
sults:
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. June IS. — Fair grounds
summary i
Third race. Derby special, mile and an
eighth — Belle's Commoner, 112 (Knight), 7 to 1,
¦won; Wycth. 112 (Lyne), 12 to 1, second; Lu
cien Appleby. 112 (Coburn). 7' to 10, third.
Time. .l:KJ 2-5. Prowl. Glenwater and Cru
zados also ran. McChesney fell. McChesney
end Appleby coupled as Hildreth's entry.
Fourth race, mile and a quarter, over five
Jiurdles. handicap— <?arillo won. Dissenter sec
ond. Coley third. Time. 2:20 3-5.
Fifth. race, five furlongs — Early won, Good
man second. Our Bessie third. Time. 1:013-5.
' Sixih ra.ee, one mile.- selling — Federal won.
La Goleta second. Maude Gome third. Time,
1:40 2-5. :.. . ;
Seventh race, mile and seventy yards — Ema
thion won. Ernest Parham recond. Henry of
Fi anstamar third. Time. 1 :46 2-5. ;"-
CINCINNATI. O., Juno IS. — Latonia sum
mary:
First '.race, mile — Calibau won. Royal Penny
Bccond. Lizzie A. third. Time, 1:42%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Mattie
Harmer Hicks won. Goo-Goo second, G«rda
third. Time, l:10Vi-
Third race, six furlong's — Mabel Wynne ¦won.
Ely Flyer second. Miss Wandelohr third. Time,
1:13 4-5.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth — Chorus
Boy won. Hinsdale second. Dolly "Wagner third.
Time. 1:54 3-5.
Fifth race, hurdle handicap, mile and a quar
ter — Brandytfine won. Connerose second, Islip
third. Time. 2:26^4.
Sixth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds —
Sailor's Dream won. Agtrum second, Tom Hall
third. Time. 1:16 3-5.
BUFFALO. N. Y.. June IS. — Fort Erie re
sults: • ¦
First race, six furlongs — Rotterdam won. Ocie
Erooks second,. Golden Harvest third. Time,
1;1C
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Night
Owl won, Georgey second. Hallucination third.
Time. :5(3 : /4.
ThiFd race, mile — Leenja won. La Gazelle
second, Sid Florian third. Time. 1:41.
Fourth race, five- furlongs — Stunts won,
Epinet second. Spring Brook third. Time. 1:03.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs — Lemuel
won, Carrie I second, Annie Laureate third.
Time, 1 :22.
Sixth race, steeplechase, shcrt course^ — Klon
<3yke II won. Cantadas second, Mango third.
Time. 3:04.
First race, four and a half furlongs — Dick
¦\Velles won. 'Pluck second,' Americano third.
Time. :53 3-5.
• Second race, sir -furlongs — Bard Burns won,
L'Etienne second. Lady Idris third. Time,
1:14 2-5.
McChesney slid about thirty feet, but
vas seemingly uninjured, except for a cut
on his nose. He limped slightly on aris
ing, but the limp disappeared in a few
strides. The accident will prevent Mc-
Chesney starting in the American Derby,
snd Winkfield will be unable to ride again
this season. Summary: V..
CHICAGO, June 18.— J. B. Respess*
Uelle's Commoner, an outsider in the bet
ting in the American Derby, which will
be run here Saturday, won the Derby
trial special to-day at Harlem. The colt
ran a marvelous race, covering the mile
and an eighth in 1:53 2-5. Ho won in a
gallop by three lengths. John A. Drake's
Av'yeth, in a desperate drive, beat out
Lucien Appleby a nose. Prowl, which
was fourth, was beaten • ten lengths.
Cruzados, second choice in the American
Derby, quit after he had- gone a mile. The
race nearly caused the .death' of Jockey
Winkfield. The colored boy: had the
mount on S. C. Hildreth/s McChesney,
which, coupled with Lucien Appleby, was
held favorite at 1 to 2. At the half-mile
j;ole McChesney fell, throwing Winkfield
against the rail. Winkfield's right leg
¦was injured badly and his collarbone
broken.
Mcrley played Lawler in right field, and
he, performed some wonderful stunts. He
robbed Shay of a triple in the fifth with
a one-hand catch, and had five chances
in the field. Jackson, the ex-New Yorker
whom Morley has signed, will arrive to
day. Kane will again do box duty this
afternoon and Waddell will try to fool
the Ponies. The score:
.SAN FRANCISCO.
. . . , „. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A- E.
Nordyke. lb 6.0 S 0 12 2 0
Holly, ss 5 0 0 0 3 6 0
Parrott, rf 4 1 2 0 0 1 0
Leahy, c. ............. 5 0 2 18 2 0
Shay. 3b 5 1 1 0 3 1 3
Shugrart. 2b 4 2 2 O 2 4 0
HcHale. If 4 2 3 02 0 0
Delmas. cf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kane, p 5 12 00 1 1
Totals ..........42 7 15 1 30 17 ~4
LOS ANGELES.
¦L • ; ' AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss 5 1 2 0 5 2 0
"WaiJdeH. lb... 4 1 2 0 T 0 0
Rayjner. 2b 4 10 0-2 3- 0
Householder, cf.... . 4'> V 1 0 3" • 0 0
Reilly. 3b 4 - 0 0 0 2 10
Roach, c 5 112 2 10
Lawler. rf 4 0 10 5 0 0
Bowman, If 3 1 0 0 1 0 O
McPartlin, p 4 0 1 0 2 2' f 0
Totals 37 68 2 20 *9 0
•Two out when winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles... 0 04000010 1 — 6
Base hits ...1020100202—8
San Francisco. 0 00100040 2 — 7
Base hits ...2 01300051 3—15
SUMMARY.
Homo run — TVaddell. Two-base hits — To- i
man. McPartlin. Householder. McHale. Kane. ;
Sacrifice hits — Holly. McHale. First base on ' :
errors — Los Angeles 2. First base on called ¦
balls — Off Kane 9, off McPartlin 2. Left on
bases — San Francisco 12, Los Angeles 10. I
Struck out— By Kane 7. by McPartlin 1. Dou
,ble plays — Holly to Shugart to Nordyke. Time
of game — 2 hours 10 minutes. Umpire—O'Con
nell. " i
Rube WaddelUhit the ball over the
Garden wall in the third, scoring^ Toman
from second. This is the first time the
trick has been turned on the Oakland
dismond this season, so Rube won several
prizes in the way of shoes, _clothes and
many other articles donated by charitable
shopkeepers, who like to see the ball
tossers dress like members of the swag
ger set.
Kane was just a trifle wilder than usual,
and the locals were fortunate in winning
v^hen playing behind him. He gave nine
free trips to first, but the Angel3 never
seemed able to hit him hard. He walked
McPartlin in the tenth, when all stations
had a man aboard, and forced Roach
from third. Luck was with the Ponies,
however, and they batted well behind the
erratic twirler, landing on McPartlin for
fifteen safe drives.
Shay played third for the Ponies and
acted like a"' man indulging in . a beauty
sleep. In the third, after two had scored
and two more were occupying places on
the pillows, he fumbled , a drive from
Keilly's stick and then threw the ball to
third when no one was there to receive
it. Consequently two more runs were
sccred, and chances looked bad for the
locals.
All kinds of .baseball were handed to
the fans during the fracas. There were a
few clever plays and a great many more
dummy acts. .The unanimous opinion of
those on the spot • was that the gallant
Charley Reilly should take all the blame
for losing to Harris. With two out and
two on the bags in the eighth Kane sent a
slow one to third. Reilly fielded the ball,
but Instead of throwing the runner out
at first, he attempted to catch Shugart,
who was tearing- toward third. He failed.
Then the Ponies began to take many rides
on' McPartlin's slow offerings and tied up
the score.
The Angel contingent of ball tossers ar
rived from; the south at -the break of day
yesterday and all sprinted in the direction
of Cal Ewing's playground to break some
ball records. They were doing the act^for
s. few innings, and the betting odds were
something like 29 to VA that the Ponies
would finish second. It all ended other
than Morley had calculated, as the Ponies
finally awoke from their dreams and
landed the race in the tenth heat. Score,
7 to 6. . • .
DENVER, Colo., June 18.— The Denver
Fire and Police Board to-day issued in
structions to the Chief of Police not to
permit Young Corbett and Dave Sullivan
to fight in this city on Friday night. The
contest will probably take place in Louis
ville or San Francisco at a later date.
NEW YORK, June 18.— Terry McoGv
ern, the, Brooklyn feather-weight pugilist,
sustained a serious Injury while playing
baseball' with the local team at College
Point ; to-day. which will lay him up for
some time. In running the bases he col
lided with a player on. the opposite team
and fell to the ground' with such force as
to. cause a fracture of the collar bone. He
was removed to his home in a carriage
Denver Police Will not Per
mit the Corbett- Sullivan
Fight.
Rube Waddell Makes First
'Home Run of Season
at Oakland.
Fighters Then Refuse to
Sign Articles for ..1
'the Bout. _ 'v -
McChesney Fails, Nearly-Kill
ing Winkfleld, His
Jockey. :-.;>
Judge Murasky Issues
an Order Restraining
the Police.
Profit by Angels' Poor
Judgment and Win
in Tenth.
Sustains Serious Injury
While Play in 7 g Game ¦
of Baseball
Baldwin's American Der
by Entry Quits After
Going a Mile.
BOXING LAW
TO BE TESTED
CRUZADOS STOPS
IN TRIAL RACE
TERRY M'GOVERN
BREAKS A BONE
DAME FORTH
FAVORS PONIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 19, .1902.
JUGGLER BEDINI
WILL ATTEMPT A
DIFFICULT FEAT
"UNITED RAILROADS SUED. — W. 11. Hoop
er, who alleges that he was badly injured in a
collision between two cable cars at the corner
of Mason and Washington streets on May 5,
filed a suit for $7500 against the United Rail
roads yes.terday. He charges the company with
carelessness.
The organizing committee of the San
Francisco Labor Council organized the
Rope and Cordage "Workers' Union last
night at the Potrero Opera-house. More
than 100 -workers were present. Another
meeting will be held next "Wednesday
night.
Organize a Union.
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to fook after your own comfort. Th« com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35o to $1 each, always
please the traveling public. JAY W. ADAMS,
P. C. P. A.. 3T Crocker building. San Fran
cisco. Cal. . . ¦¦/
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j|i|||tfAiy E!\w
SIGK HEAQAGHE
Positively cured l?y tliese
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
! feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price-
I ..EYE GLASSES.. 1
iff Stay on th£ nose with- | ,• |
fj; I out wounding or chaf- |v
W PRICES MODERATE Q
U? 64 2?Harket St.^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMUNA BITTERS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. :!2.'S Market.
OCEAN" STEAMERS./
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
SjJ'' * Steamers leave San Fraa-
|«)fc^ Cisco as follows:
S*«S§SijL. For Ketch!kan. Jun»au,
t-S^T?^**. Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 *.
fcWc»5^l?n ra - June 15 - - 0 - 25 « 30 - Julv
ESLa^^ll 6, 10. 15. Change to com-
! M?¥=e£2*e!w« pany's steamers at Seattle.
: WffiiPEtef For Victoria. Vanoauver.
V- Port Townsend. Seattla. Ta-
- l *^ coma, Everett. Whatcom —
11, „ junl- 15. 20. 23. 30. July 6, 10. 13.
Chan* "at Seattle to this Company' a steamers
for Alaska and G. » R y-"- at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N P Ky. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>_l:30 p. m..
Redondo). San Die K o and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursday 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Eaat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cniz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayueos, Port Harford (San
Lals» 'Obisoo). Ventura. Huenemo and 'Newport
(•Ccrona only). «_,,_,-
Corona. June 19. 27. July 5.13.
Coos Bay, S» a. m., Juno 15, 23. July 1, 3.
Bonita. 9 a. m., June 3. t
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Saa Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia,
Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Bight Is reserved to chance steamers or sai>
ins dates.
TICK!ET OTJTTTCE — * New Montsomery
street < Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen- Passens»r Agrent.
GOODALL* PERKIXS Jt CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Franclsca.
O.R.& N. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to \Xl
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, a)
XjO'WJBSSS^X* HATES.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
S3. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 22. July 2, 12. 23
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER Sails.. June 27, July 7, IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear-st., 11 a. m.
I>. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Monry.S.F.
TOYO EISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callinff as
Kobe (Hloso), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting *t Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on <L»y
of sailins.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, Juna 28, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU Thursday. July 24. 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, August 16. 1903
.Round- trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.' •
• W^H. AVERT. General Agent.
J4amburg-/kmericcm.
TAVIX-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— -CHERBOURG— HAMBURG^
Columbia .....July olColumbia July i'.t
F. Bismarck ..July21lA. Victoria ...Aug. 1*
TWIN-SCREW PASSEXGER SEHV1CU
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Waldersea July l|Moltke July 15
Pennsylvania ..July 8j» Palatla July 19
• Sails to Hamburg direct. ¦
Hamb«rjl-Americ*in Lin-j, 37 H'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California St., San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Gia Sud Americana da Vapors*
To Valparaiso, stooping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailins from How*
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m.
AREQUIPA....June 30!|GUATEMALA..Aus 11
TUCAPEL July IS 1 PALEN A . . . . . .Aug! SU
These uteamers ara built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger ofrtce, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
oeeaffles,g.€o,fiS?
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ,
.••: Saturday. June 21." 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, ' Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, July 3, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
. '. Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. nx.
I D. SPEECXELS k BEOS.CO,, GSH2raI AZtS., 323M3IXJE
Gen^l Pass. Cfflgs. 643 Market St. Pisr ix 7. PasiS; sl
C0XFA6NIB GEKEBALB TBANSATLAMTIQTrS.
filKKCX LINE TO HAVRE-PAKI3.
Sailins every Thur3day, Instead ot
Saturday, at 10 a. m., frcm Pie? 42. i«-sffiffl»S
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAt.
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 ' Broadway (Hudson building). Naw
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacifla Coajt
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, Saa Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Ralload Tlck»t A sea:*.
AMERICAN ONE. \Mt
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Kensington. July 1, 2pmlPhlla.'. July 9.10am
St. Louia.July 2. 10am IS t. Paul.July 18.10am
RED STAR LIN'E^'
NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
Kroon!nd..June 2S,noon|Friesland^.July 12,nooa
Zeeland....July 5, noon I Vader land. July 19, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHA3. P. TAYLOR. q.A.P.C. 30 Montgom'yst.
EAY AND RIVER STU&fiTEBS.
FOB U. S. NAYY YAB9 AND VALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m^ 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. »:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
yallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. <i p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far» 3il
cents. Telephone Mala 150S. T^n^^Tiy and
Sf£« e <i pler 2> MlNkm-street dock. HATOJ
£i U 1 EM C£ S tile name somet i m es given to what
\s^WHi^MxlBWti<? EASE. It is not confined to dens of
vice or the lower classes. The purest
., . ., \_ . , drinking from thl same vessels]
t using the same toilet articles, or otherwise coming in contact with persons
who have contracted it. .
It begins usually with a little blister or sore, then swelling in the
groins, a red eruption breaks out on m , ¦:::.: &
the body, sores and ulcers appear •fS^SSSS^S'SSSSSSJSl
in the mouth, the throat becomes ofaphysicianuntillfoundthathecould
ulcerated, the hair, eye brows and do me n0 ff°od- Then began taking
lashes fall out; the blood becoming- S *!!\ S# J 00 »»«M«d to improve at once
more contaminated copper, colorel SEf&KHfflSJSS ftSSWf
splotches and pustular eruptions and ties and today am sound rind well,
sores appear upon different parts of B * M * Wall, Korristown, Tenn.
the body, and the poison even destroys the bones.
S. S. S. is a Specific for this loathsome disease, and cures it even in the
worst forms. It is a perfect antidote for the powerful virus that pollutes
Sf / *-^ the blood and penetrates to all parts of the system.
f vC^J Unless you get this poison out of your blood it will
1^^\ ruin you, and bring disgrace and disease upon
Q*</ ¦ y° ur children, for it can be transmitted from parent
7—^ to child. S. S. S. contains no mercury or potash,-
but is guaranteed a strictly vegetable compound.
Write for our free home treatment book and learn all about Contagious
Blood Poison. If you want medical advice give us a history of your case
and our physicians will furnish all the information you wish without anv
•Ctai^e whatever. .THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA/
il •ttfvm \B*"^iil^ii ii- : This Is to Weak Men, Rheumatics, Dyspeptics, Men With |
II i^\^^ W^* ' •' Lame Backs, Weak Kidneys, Lost Vitality, Varicocele, Sci- |
H JP^^Wt^fY * -*\. a *' ca > Constipation, Wasting of Vital Strength, "Come and ||
H Go " Pains » and tP Women With the Weaknesses Peculian to M
H V%S V 7\ - v^"^jSfljy Thousands of young, middle-aged and old men are suffering from want of I
r§ °<v Ji ""V^S strength and vigor, induced by a variety of causes, such as fast living, I
|3 t>^ * . • v^> dissipation, overwork, mental anxiety, brain fag, etc., who might quickly I
tl Jr . jg> ¦ - \/SS/ regain "full possession of mental and physical powers by using j£
I iliSii ilifiii Mclaughlin's electric belt;
II TS^r" Jt d° es wonders in a few applications. It arouses all the dormant ener- 1
U vs\ •' "~J«'*}f gies, develops muscular and nerve life, and restores the feeling of youth 1
|3 •*5^£N^- courage, and vigor. It makes men over again. It makes perfect men of the - 1
ffS puniest, weakest specimens of "half-men." ' g
13 Give me one of those unfortunates with' swollen and distorted joints. Give me a man with pains In his back in H
Bj bis shoulders, hips and chest. -I- will, pour .the oil of life into his joints, warm them up, start the life blood cir'cu- B
ffl lating and remove his pains in a few days. My Belt will cure him and fill him full of life and courage and make him £J
H glad with the sunshine of youth. And it never burns or blisters. £3
I ' READ U/HAT THE CURED SAY: fj
I? 1010 Alabama street, San Francisco, , Big Bug, A. T., May 23, 1902. 511 }£ Broderlck Street. San Eranclsco, Cal. M
m Cal., April 29, 1902. ' ¦ Dr. McLaughlin, : Dr McIjaUEn ij n May S. 1002. ' Q
§1 Dr. McLauKhlin, ' . Dear Sir: I received your high grade Dear Sir: oVer a year ago I purchased m
|i Dear Sir: After wearing your high Belt on the 25th of April, and am one of your Belts, having; suffered (or years m
ffl grade Belt for two months I find that greatly pleased with it. My hands do , p * e H° u * *2 v, hat trom rheumatism.' indi- g
§ it has relieved to, a remarkable extent .not go to sleep any more, at night, as tad "teled^docirrrand 33 medicines wtthdut' B
|a my stomach ' trouble, which , was se- they did,. but I sleep myself instead. number, -without obtaining the slightest re- II
if verely complicated with bladder, pros- My back is entirely cured, my eyes Hef. After wearing your Belt but a short fil
M tatic and kidney troubles. My back Is look brighter, and I am satisfied that time I began to see an improvement, and it BJ
M also much better, and I .can. honestly the Belt will. v do all you claim it will. T&\r^mTLTlV s l p %^d y Tl^ O Ji<^ i
ffl say that my indigestion and bladder If I can ever assist you in any way by ure In recommending the Belt whenever op- ffi
H trouble have been entirely cured. I recommending the Belt you may rest portunity presents itself. 1 am eighty-one Ij
la cheerfully recommend the Belt to all assured that I shall be glad to do so. years old. have a. good appetite, sleep well. K
I sufferers as worthy of a trial. Yours.. Youra very truly, ' %* r %&. respIctTuT.?" 8 I
p very truly, . -^ ROBT. LANE. : , DAN MARSHALL . . . G. E. BR1NTAN. . |
M If you have ones of the. old-style blistering belts, I will take it in exchange for one of mine. I do this not that the 1
H old belt is of any .use, for it.is not, but to establish the value of my goods with people who have been misled by the t
ffl false claim^r of concerns selling a cheap, worthless article. . ¦ _ G
M 1^1^ F^ F^ f^f^C^bi^ ! If you will give me a call, or write for my 80-page book (beautifully illustrated) y l ti
sa * »>>»—/«_-/ uvyv/rvi will give you more fully the reasons why my Electric ¦ Belt will cure you. and re- 11
H fer you to those who have Toeen cured by it, after spending hundreds of dollars for drugs without avail. i|
1 HP A/I C, Mr I AITfiHI IN 9O 6 market street, I
I L/K«- lYlo V. IVlCL,/\UAJriL.ll^, Co r. Ellis,San Francisco, tl
II \ Office Hours, 8 a.m. to 8:30 p. m.j\Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD BT AGENTS OR DRUG STORES. - 'MRebuilding the Shasta Route.
REDDING, June 17.— The Southern Pa
cific Company is practically rebuilding the
famous Shasta route. The track through
out the division has been reballasted with
gravel. The steel rails are now being re
placed with heavier ones. Heavy steel
bridges are supplanting the iron ones on
the route. The new structures are cap
able of sustaining a train of the heaviest
locomotives the company owns. Locomo
tives of double the power of the ten
wheelers now in use will soon be put on.
Touches a lave "Wire.
RENO, Nev., June 18.— Al Fettle, an
employe of the Sunset Telephone Com
pany, was electrocuted this morning by
coming in contact with a live wire. Pettie
came here from San Francisco about one
month ago. m _
Kamehameha day, the birthday of Ka
mehameha the Great, was celebrated in
Honolulu yesterday with the usual races
under the auspices of the Hawaiian Jock
ey Club. There was large attendance at
the race track. In the evening the Hon
olulu Athletic Club gave an exhibition,
the principal feature being a glove con
test of ten rounds between Lon Agnew
and Jack Weday. Weday had the best
of the tight.
The American ship Dirigo, leaving here
for New York round the Horn, has a
crew, composed wholly of native Hawa
iians. Captain Goodwin of the Dirigo re
ports that the Hawalians are excellent
sailors. •
The- steamer Mlkahala, -owned by the
Inter-Island Steam Navigation Company,
is about to start on a cruise in search of
the hull of the lost bark Fannie Kerr. The
hull is thought^to be floating and will be
a valuable prize if found.
Lately the Murrays received the dis
tressing tidings in one" week that oAe of
their sons had died in British Columbia
and that another was critically. Ill in Col
orado. A few days later a sealed coffin
was received at the old home and it was
sadly and solemnly interred in the family
burying -plat. The flowers had: scarcely
withered on the mound, however, when
Professor Murray of Halifax received a
letter, from his brother, who was supposed
to be resting in his grave, that he was
still in the land of the living. The body
was disinterred, but the Murray 'family
is without facts telling how the ghastly
mistake was made., ¦ ' .
Governor Dole has granted a pardon to
Attorney C. C. Bitting, who was serving
a sentence of fifteen days in Oahu prison
for contempt of court. Bitting was sen
tenced by Judge Gear for remarks and
actions in court.
HONOLULU, June 12.— An unusual case
of sorrow turned to joy has come Into
the experience of an old resident of-Hon
olulu, Dr. H. V. Murray, who is now llv-
Inp in Shanghai.
Angus Murray of Truro,
Nova' Scotia, have brought up a large
family, including five or six sons and two
daughters who -were at home with their
elderly • pa'rents. One son is a professor
in Dalhousie College, Halifax, only sixty
mlle3 from- their home. Another Is a.pro
fessor of mathematics at Corqell Uni
versity. ; ' . . . ¦ ; : : ;
Special Correspondence of The Call.
Letter Is ',Received From a
Son Supposed to Have
Suddenly Turned
Grief of a Family 13
COFFIN CONTAINS
THE WRONG MAN
SAN DIEGO. June IS. — The honey producers
of the Julian section have organized an as
eociatlon for mutual protection and for the
marketing of their honey In carload lots.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 18.—
Earle Lawshe, Stanford '96, was married
on June 12 to Miss Maria Louise Pitcher
'97 at the home of the bride's uncle,
George Glein, in Landsdowne, Pa, The
couple, who were former students In the
university, will reside in New York City.
Former Stanford Students Marry.
Junior Order to Meet Here.
MILWAUKEE, Wls.. June 18.— The
Junior Order of the American Mechanics
decided to-day to meet nejet year in San
Francisco. The convention also reaf
firmed all the acts of the last National
Council board of officers, which la a de
cided victory for tfie administration
forces. George B. Bowers of Pennsylva
nia was elected national councilor.
SIOUX: CITY, Iowa, June 18.— Right
Rev. P. ¦ J. Garrigan was installed as
Bishop of the Catholic see of Sioux City
to-day at St. Mary's Cathedral, ' the ex
ercises being witnessed by a great throng
of people. Before the installation the
Bishop reviewed a parade of'Catholic so
cieties and citizens. A reception followed
the installation, and then came a ban
quet to the visiting clergy, with Bishop
Garrigan and\ Archbishop Keane as
guests of honorv
Installation of a Bishop.
The regular session of the Alumni As
sociation will open on Monday, tiummer
graduation exercises of the State Normal
School will be held on at
which time eighty-four young men and
women will receive diplomas. ;
If these lecture courses prove a suc
cess it Is proposed to establish a summer
school at the Normal, so that graduates
may meet and review the work each
year. This summer, school will continue
two weeks In every June.
SAN JOSE. JUne 18.— The thirty-ninth
annual conventidK. of the Alumni Asso
ciation of the San Jose State Normal
School opened in that institution this
morning. A large number of teachers
from all parts of the State are present.
The meeting- will continue five days and
is an experiment for the foundation of a
summer school. There will be twelve lec
tures a day during the convention, which
will be in the nature of reviews of nor
mal work and talks on advanced sub
jects for the benefit of actual teachers.
R. K. Barthel, president of the Alumni
Association, presides at the convention.
R. A. Lee is secretary.
Proposed Summer
School.
Its Meeting to Decide the Fate of the
ALUMNI OF SAN JOSE
'NORMAL IN CONVENTION
An important point discussed this after
noon was that of the consolidation of the
offices of grand president and grand dep
uty.
The delegates enjoyed a moonlight ride
to Santa Cruz this evening, where thuy
paid a fraternal visit to the. local branch.
The grand directors reported that a big
charity fair would be held in San Fran
cisco, commencing on September 25, in
which all the branches in the State would
participate.
In her report Grand District Deputy
Mary Atkinson of San Francisco an
nounced the appointment of district dep
uties as follows: Miss Bessie McFadden
end Miss Mary Tuite, San Francisco;
MIes Bessie Gallagher, Alameda; Miss
Marcella Fitzgerald, Gilroy; Mrs. I. Dool
ing, Hollister; Mrs. Emma Mangels, Santa
Cruz; Mrs. M. F. Dorsey, San Luis
Obispo; Mrs. H. G. Fabing, Lompoc.
Three hundred and forty-seven persons
called at the headquarters in San Fran
cisco alone; applied for aid and were
given cash ' or new clothing.
SANTA MARIA DEL MAR, June IS.—
In the Grand Council of the Catholic La
dies' Aid Society to-day much of the
time was given to the reading of reports,
which told of the great good accom
plished by the various branches during
the past year. Grand Secretary Mary
Conlin's report j covered a period of nine
months. It showed the total membership
to be 853; number of initiated, 37; visits to
the needy, 1840; visits to the sick, 2490;
physicians' visits, 91; children found
homes, 17; aged persons found homes, 14;
individuals assisted, 1344; families assist
ed, 638; persons in families assisted, 2238;
persons found employment, 162; pieces of
old clothing given away, 5620; books and
magazines, 1&71; visits to hospital, 305;
visit to almshouses, 19; total in cash,
$197147: total provisions, $2140 57; medi
cine, $72 30; fuel, $163 90; new clothing,
$424 05. Grand total, $4771 69.
mitted to the Grand Council
at Delmar.
Splendid Showing in Reports Sub-
HOW CATHOLIC LADIES
CARE FOR THE NEEDY
MIDSUMMER DAY. a Swedish
national holiday, will be cele
brated Sunday at Shell Mound
Park under the auspices of
the Swedish-American Patriotic
League of California. A special ¦- grand
stand has been built for the literary exer
cises, and elaborate preparations are be
ing made for the occasion.
The v programme will consist of speeches,
Sv.-edish melodies by the singing society,
Swedish national dances in costume, a
concert by the orchestra, dancing around
a Maypole, tableaux and games and
races. There will be dancing in both
pavilions.
The fireworks' committee promises a
surprise in, the way of spectacular illumin
ation at night.
Committee on tombola — Mrs. Charles Ram
berg, Ed Anderson, Miss Ellen Johnson, Mrs.
Aug. Olssen. Miss Ebba Bergeren, J. S. Nel
son."
Committee on tableaux — Mrs. Sam Ander
son, Miss A. Stenbersr, Miss Hulda Bordin, K.
E. Hanson. < ¦ , ,
Finance committee— G. Petterson, Carl Pear
son, O. Gruj£;el. . ¦ . •
The local celebration of /Midsummer day
by the Swedish-Americans began in 1894,
when the Swedish exhibitors at the Mid
winter Fair observed the day. The idea
met with popular favor and the Patriotic
League has seen to it since that the day
has not passed unobserved. The follow
ing committees have charge of the cele
bration:
Committee of arrangements — D. Molander,
president; C. T. Peterson, first vice president;
P. Franklin, second vice president; Alex Ols-
Bon, recordinE secretary; A.- F. Brandstedt,
corresponding secretary; G. Petterson, treas
urer; Joseph Okerblad, Ch. Ramberc and M.
Freeman, trustees.
Reception committee — A. L. Anderson. O.
Pearson, C. P. Franklin, M. Freeman, J. Hor
berg, Ch. Armstrong, Aug. Lundln, N. V.
Lundahl.
Decoration committee — A. • F. Brandstedt,
Axel Onrman, A. E. Lied8trom, Mrs. Ausr.
Olfssn, K. E. Hansen, C. T. Peterson.
Programme committee — D. Molander, Joseph
Okerblad, Alex OUson, C. Rambersr.
Fireworks committee — Emil HoKbere, Alex
Olsson, HJ. Anderson.
A feature of these yearly celebrations is
the crowning of the Midsummer queen.
Three. rival candidates have been men
tioned for the honor, and their friends are
already busy soliciting votes for them.
They are Miss Louise Chytraus, Miss
Frida Hanson and Miss Math Hogberg.
A popular vote will be taken during the
day and in the evening the successful
candidate will be crowned.
OFFICERS OF SWEDISH-AMERICAN PATRIOTIC LEAGUE OF CALI
FORNIA, WHICH IS PREPARING TO CELEBRATE SWEDISH NATION
AL DAY AT SHELL MOUND PARK.
With the opening of the fall semester
of that year Dave Coolidge, Stanford
'32, well known for his contributions of
animal stories to the Youth's Companion
and other periodicals, leased the "camp"
from Mrs. Stanford, laid out walks and
flower beds about the cottages and fur
nished all the rooms. The plan of the
"camp" was not co-operative, but Cool
idge was able to manage it successfully
and rent rooms to students for $2 50 per
month, or $3 for two men in a room. In
1SS7 three co-operative eating clubs were
formed in the "camp" by students from
Encina Hall, the big boys' dormitory.
These were named the "Maison Riche."
the "Maison Dore" and the "Sobel Eta
Pi," the last a mock fraternity, which
derived its name from a tradition that
" # Giff" Sobei, 1900, once ate a real pie. It
was considered a great honor as well as
a great economy to be a member of one
of these clubs.
rAMOTJS OLD BUILDINGS
AT STANFORD DOOMED
Cluster of Cottages Known as ths
"O-mp" to Give Way to Modern
Structures.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. June 18.—
The Stanford "camp," which has come
to be regarded by university men as al
most a part of their alma mater, has at
last, like the State- farm, become a thing
of the past. Its destruction has just been
completed and the giound will soon be
cleared and the foundations laid for the
new engineering buildings, which are to
take its place. The "camp" was first
built, when the cornerstone of the uni
versity was laid, in 18S7. It formed a
rough quadrangle of hastily constructed
•whitewashed cottages, and served merely
to accommodate the workmen who were
busy laying- out the university buildings.
In 1S91. when the university was opened,
a number of students found accommoda
tions with the workmen, and they all
lived together in true bohemian style,
eacn man cooking his meals in his own
room. When the inner quadrangle was
finally completed, in 18&4, the "camp," as
the rough buildings gradually came to be
called, was left «itirely to the students,
though it did ndt come under student
manasement until 1S&7.
"Well, if you insist, you can have it.
I only carry it for self-protection. The
mesmerist carries a gun, and if I meet
him I'll shoot him the same as I would
a dog."
Then McAllister went on to tell more
of his troubles and how he had gone to
A!banv on a steamer in order to get rest
and had been followed by people in a con
spiracy to injure him. His friends have
been notified of his detention.
"Do you carry a revolver?" asked the
canltary officer, and requested that Mc-
Allister give it to him when he replied In
the affirmative.
"But he was unable to put -me under
the spell," cried McAllister, "and the pub
lic knows 1 am innocent."
Then McAllister told how he had been
chlded and ridiculed by his companions,
•who enjoyed his misfortune. They sent
a mesmerist to him, and he was perse
cuted so much that he left Newark and
¦went to New York to work in a carriage
factory. A mesmerist dogged his move
ments."
"They told me she was dead," he ex
plained, "but I learned better, for I went
to her wedding -and saw her enter and
leave the churcn."
Sanitary Officer Frank, whose business
it is to examine demented persons,
learned all about McAllister's troubles.
All his bad luck, McAllister declared, be
gan with disappointment in love. He was
engaged to be married, but his sweet
titart went back on him.
The doorkeepers declined to let him in.
He told them he lived at 45 Crawford
street, Newark, N. J., and was 45 years
old. He probably would have . related
more, but they sent him to the police. He
was locked up pending an examination of
his mental condition. !
CALL BUREAU, 1106 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 18.— With a tale
d love troubles on his lips, a hallucina
tion of a mesmeric pursuer on his mind
and a revolver fn his pocket, Carey J.
McAllister called at the White House this
afternoon and demanded to see President
Hoosevelt.
Bseclal Dispatch to The CalL
Man Is Armed but Only
Endeavors to Tell -
of Troubles.
White House Doorkeep
ers Halt a Demented
Visitor.
Swedish- Americans Prepare to Celebrate With Picnic,
Songs, Dancing and Games.
LUNATIC CALLS
FOR ROOSEVELT
FAIR MAID WILL BE CHOSEN
QUEEN OF MIDSUMMER DAY
THE SAJST FBANCISOO CALL, THURSDAt, JUNE 19, 1902.
5
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and <*r« due to arrive <*t
SAS t'JRANOlsCO.
(Main Llue, lroot of Market Street )
leatf. — Fkom JcxifiTTiKC. — ABitlTa
7.00a Benlcla, SuUua, Elmira aod Sacra-
ment > 6-55f
7.00a Vacaviile, Winters, nnmsey 7.65*
7.30a Slartlnez. S.in Ilamoa, Vallejo,
N»pa, Callstoga. Santa Koss 6-25r
8.00a Vnr'i. Woo<lli»nd. Knlxhts Landing.
>rHrrsville. OrovlUe..: : 7 55p
803 a Atlantic Kxpreas— Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Ninre, L-«throp. Stockton • 725p
8.00a Nlles. Meudota, llaaford, Visali.i,
Portervillc 455»
8.33a Shasta, - Express.— ..Darls, 'Wnil»ins
(for Bartlett Springs), TVillowj,
Ued Bluff, FortlADd 7-55»
8.33a San Jose. Ll^ermorc, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervllle,
MarysTllle. Chlco. Red Bluff 4-23P
8.30a Oakdale.Cbincse.Sonora.Tuoluntne 4. 25?
8.00a Vallejo 12.2bP
9.00a Los Angelas Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton, Merced.
Kaymuad.Kre.iDoanilLosAnsreles 8-25 A
9.30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way stiitlons 7-65F
10.00a Hayward. Nile* and Way Stations. 1 12.55*
10.00a The Orerland Limited — Oeden.
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. 525p
t1-00i> Sacramento River Steamers tii.OOF
30Qr Benicia. Winter*, Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams, Willows,
Knl?bts Landing. Marysrllie,
OrovlUe 1055 a
3.3Cp Hay ward. Ktlcs and Way Stations.. 755r
4.00P Martlncz.San fctmon. VallcJo.Xapa,
V~ Callstoga, Santa Rosa 9.25a
4.00p Nlle», Llverraore. Stockton, Lodl.. 12-2ST
4-3QP Hayward, Miles. Sauloci-.Ltvprmoro t3-55*
4.30p The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
BakersHeld, Sausus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angreles .V... 8 55a
5. 00p PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stocktoa 10.25a
I B.00? Martinez, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno.... 1225?
t533p Ntles Local.... 7.25a
6. 00p Hayward. Xllcs and San Jose.. 7.55*
tS.OQp Vallejo 11-25a
S.OOp Oriental Mail — Ogden. Denver,
- Omaha. St. Louts, Chicago 4.25r
7.00P San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations'. 11.25a
t7.00P Vallrjo 755r
S.OSr Oregon & California Eiprtii*— Sac- •
ramento. Marysvlile, neddlnjr.
Portland, Puzct Sound and East. 8.55 a
t9.1Qp Hayward and Xlles til. 65a
COAST LINE (.Wrow Uanire).
, (Foot of Market Street.)
:7.45a Santa Cmi Excursion J8.05*
8.15a Xewark. Centerrtlle. San Joiie.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 507
T2.15f Newark, Centervllle, San Jose.
Xew Aimaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
W*y Stations 10-50a
415p Newark. San Josr. Los Gato* t8.50A
•4.15P San Jose. Los Gatos. SantaCruz... '8.50a
" OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KRAX CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip ©
—tT: 15 9:00 ll:li0 A.M. 1X0 3 00 5.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:0D iS:0O
t8:05 10:0) a.m. 12 00 200 400 p.m.
LINE (Brotd<ian«ej.
« l'hlrd anil Townsend Street*.) •
6.10a San Jose and W»t Stations 6.38 a
t7.00A San Jose and Way buttons *8.C0a
//.10a New Almaden /4.10P
;7.15a Monterey Excurston :8-30p
8.00a Coa»t Line Limited— San -Tose,
Gliroy. Saltnaii, San Luis Oblspo, -
8*nt» Barbara. Lo» Anretes and
Principal Intermediate Station*. 10-45*
900a San Jose. Trcs Finos, Sants Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas. S*n Luts
ObUpu and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10r
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations... 8-38*
11.30a SauJose.LosGatosandWayStations +9. CO*
o1.30p San Joae and Way Stations a7.007
2-30? San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto,
Kama 'Clam. San Jose. Tres
Finos. Santa, Cruz, Sallaas, Del
Moaie, Monterey and Pacific
Grove 1045 a
t3.3C? San Jose and Way Stations 7.30r
t4.00r I>*;1 Monte Express— Only scops Saa
Jo»e... t12-01»
4.3Cp San Joso and Principal WayStatfons 1.30P
tS-OOr San JoHe. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations. ; 5307
6.30p SanJoseandPrtnciptlWiyStattons 8-30*
tS-15p Saa Mate'J. Bflmont. Redwood.
- Menlo Park.'Palo Alto... 18-48*
6-30p San Jono and'way Stations •... 7.33*
7.03? New Orleans Express — San Luis
Ohispo, Santa Uarharm, Los An-
geles. Denilng. El Paso. New
' Orleans and East. ....? 10.11*
" «11.45p San Jose and Way Stvlon< .... mm
A for Morning. - P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. ¦ t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. e Monday only. !
• Sstnrday and /Tuesday and FrtdajL
Sunday only. . -i
nOUNT TAMALPAfs RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
9:30a. 8:00 a. I^ knimt ,.«. ., 12:lo r. 9:15a.
1:45p. §:0Oa. *T ,rtrt«i«th.dtTUt:U 1:15 r - 3:3i>p -
£:15p. 10:OQa. S: *°*- ****•
......... 11:OT a. lmi BFTmlpM - £ :•» J- -••;—•
'.'.'.'.'."". 2:S0p. .0?«»»»«>»t«»i«—4. 8:15 p. ......^.
SllUaiilS Hit— U»T.T«wrm»:30r. anir* Sn FraMtaoe 11:» ».
Tkkit Oacta. Ul KAKSn STSZZT u4 8ADSAUTO TtaxT.
. «f BI * GU * non-poIsoBonj
. - Jr^WawaBss^sw* m remedy for Gonorrheas,.
«fJgEW^"-~^»jCa Olflet. 3j>«rmatorrhw»»
jgra' CURES >jy Whites, unnatural dia-
#>MaMa 1 u 5 <J»y«- \a charges, or any in5aniiniv-
KVHf QoartaUM ca *^ "<? n i irritatioa or nlcera-
R."*4i> . -.„...,— tion of mucous snem-
ES3 " T o branes. Non-asftiassnt.
l^iTHct/ANS CHEMIWlCa. Sold by DmjjUj,,
Bent i n p]aIn W r» P p, r>
\nS*s v P'3.'*. >( «jg by expresa, prepaid, for
AjG^t^K-^M l 1Oi) ' or 3 bottles, 12.75.
WeeayGilLOOsfirYeai
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Straight Whiskeys
gjj] Must k Pure.
g OLD
JSL crow
YQ^tgPi for e pure. How many
V 'yjjgp \i of the various brands
SRVlTl advertised can claim
yr\X Es I are straight?
Ife-V^E, J Gold Medal award-
SfSfeS 0 ! ed at Paris Exposi-
tion, 1900.
We makt no misstatements.
H. 3, Kirk & Go., Sole Bottlers, N.Y.
CATTON. BELL & CO., j
SOLE DISTRIBUTORS.
Ban Francisco. Cal.
"Ct. "^ "TO. "id "^ '^k ~^£. 3
? visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF AHATOHY^
6 G& ( :.F.Ci!. A
\ .sf T te Largest Acatoaical Muieuin in the \
0 awAjftia^ crid - We*kne»»es or iny enntracted A
JL Ttttfrl ? iM " ""•'••"•r »•¦•¦•«• ny the oldct T
O [E:%4\ •^'•-i^t on ibe Co«t. Bt^yurt. ©
$ M^^ft DR. JORDAH-DISEASES OF KEN A
\ I fei*iV» Cen^uiiatien fre- and «!iirt!y pri»ite; \
W I SpH M IlSi""'^ pertocilijr or by letter. A A
\ tf I «*BEIACK. MAILED r**E. /Af
V OK. iOBDANACO.. IC5I MnrkMSt..!?. F. V
TW« «!gaatare f s oa erery box of the geEu!n« !
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabiou •
tkt tcjoodx l t&- carea • cultX in *ao a»j. j
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
GEORGE WASHINGTON'S QUEUE.
It Hid a Luxuriant Suit of Straight
and Very Dark Hair.
The father of his country concealed a
luxuriant suit of hair beneath his queue
wig. Many now wish the old fashion
were in vogue to conceal thinned hair or
baldness.. Yet no one need have thin- hair
nor be. bald, if he cure the dandruff that
causes both. Dandruff cannot be cured by
scouring the scalp, because it Is a germ
disease and the germ has to be killed.
Newbro's Herpicide kills the dandrutf
germ— no other hair • preparation will.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the t-r-
fect." There's no cure for dandruff but
to kill the germ. • ' .
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
CiLifOfifXIA NORTHWESTERN fiY. CJ
, LESSEES |
sa:- imNCisci) anj. nmh ?kzm
RAILWAY COMI'AAV.
Tlbnron *>err>, J'oot o| ilr./tet St.
SAN FRAACISCO TO 8AA UAKAKU
» hi.'K UAla — ISHti, H:\jv. 11:ou a.m.; 12:^.
3:80, r.:10, 0:30 p. =1. Tburadayn— Extra U10
at 11 :30 d. in. Ba turday •— Kxira trips at
1:60 and 11:30 p. in. . .
EUNDAYS— »:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:8*. 3:30.
b:CO and tt:^0 p. rn.
SA.V UAtA^li TuSAA KHAAC1SCO.
\VBj£K JJAYti — «:l»6, 7:35, 7:60. v:2U, il:li
a. in.; 12:C0. 3:4U, 1:00. 5:2u p.m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:t)5 and *i:.!5 p. 10.
BUNUAYS— 8:00. »:40. 11:16 u. in.; 1:40, 3:4«,"
? :r.6. 5:05. «:25 p. in. .
Leave I In EKect I Arriv*
Kan Franclscoj May. 4. 1902. ISan Fr»aelic»
Week I Hun- I UeMlna- ) bun- I V\ee^
Days. 1 da>«. I ' tion. | days. [ Day*.
7:.iU« ft:(Aia j Ixnuciu u:lua »:*o 4
3:30 p l):3Aa and 10:40 a M:4a«
6:10 p &:00p Novato «:U5 p «:2II»
7:.H5p
•7:ay« h.-oua i'etaluma ilijitda s:w t
8:::op !i:!da and I «:05 p 10:2tf a
8:10 p r.:(iop Fanta Roaal |7:»Jp «:-'o o
- i-'ulton - •
7:30 a - WlnUsor 10:20*
6:00 p HeaMfbur* 10:40 a ' v
• Lytton > • -
Geyservllla ¦ •
8:30 p S:00a Cloverdale 7:33 p 8:20 o
7:a0al S:00al Hcp'.and 110:40 a|10:JO 1
.; ' :30 a I «:(><> a I • AVillltii • I 7 :<* p| «:SU n
7:30 al ?:00 at Uueraevllle |'7:35 pilO:20 x
h:3<) p| fi:00 p| |10:40 a| «:20 d
7:30 al n.-oo al ' 'Sonoma . |/0:lUal 8:40 .t
B:10p| 5:00p! Glen EUfn |6:05p|«:20p
7:SOa|«:Wia| beuaslopol 110:40 a|10:20 *
3:30p|5:00p! . | ?:.15 p| 0:20 9
¦ Stages connect at t'anta Kosa for Mark West
Springs and. White Sulphur Springs; at 'Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Spring*; a:
Oeyterville' Icr 8kagK3 Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geyrers and ltooneville: at Hopland for
Duncan Spring:!. Highland Springs, Kelseyvlll*.
Carlstiad Springs. Soda Bay, I-akeport an 1
Bartlett Pprlr.Ks; at Uklata for Vichy' Springs.
Saratoga .Sprincx. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell
Luke. Witter Spring*. Upper Lake. Porno, Pot-
ter- Valley,^ John Day's. Riverside. Lleriey**.
Bucknell's. Kanhcdrln Heights. Hullvlile. Orr't
Hot Springs. Half-way House, Comptche, Ca:np
Btevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
Wertport, Uaal; at Wllllts for Sherwood. Canto
Covelo. Laytonvllle, Cummlngs. ' Bell's Springs
Harris, Olfaen's, Dyer, Fepperwood, Scotia an j
Eureka. "
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rt-
duced rates.- . - ¦ •
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets t» all points
beyond San Rafael ?t half rates.
Ticket office. €S0 Market st, Chronicle build-
lD &. C. WHITINO, ' R. X. RTAN.
« • Gen. Manager. : Gen. Pass. Agt.
J "irib v\Hi'lE PASS AND
i YUKONvROUTi: ( j
1 . Shorteut ; and quickest route to A*- "• ?
' lln, UleMilmon, White Hone, 1
.1 - Uootallnquur "Stetvnrt . ltlve.r, " ,,-
n Kloudlke, Kornknk and V11- ,,
kouMlnlns Districts. , j
ONLY DIRECT LIMd TO DAWSON ,
TEX DAYS SAN FRANCISCO TO ,
DAWSON.
. For full inrormation apply to
J. FRANCIS LEE. S. P. BROWN, "
Traffic Mgr., Seat- Gen. Agent. 838,"
¦• tie. Wash. ;. Skagr- Market , St., San >o |
1 . , uay, Alaska. . Francisco. ¦¦¦• - 4 I
How to buy furniture
and carpets
• i 1 • j '¦'¦•a
WlXilOllL VQSLQ^V
JL m. A \J Si m. \*s y :¦'-¦.¦ ... . *
' %/ .'¦¦.'*. . ¦
O " -
Wfc will loan you. the money for a regular banking
rate of interest— six per cent. "And you. can pay us
back little by little in unfelt amounts. Then you can
go to one of the first-class' furniture stores, with whom
we have made special arrangements, where the stock is
big and fresh and where satisfaction is certain, and
when you have made your selection you can pay your
bill in full with good, hard cash.
Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
and being compelled to select your goods from smaller
and inferior stocks?
The installment stores charge you ten per cent
above their cash prices when you ask for long credit
All you pay us is six per cent. .
For example:. If your purchases amount to $10000
we will charge you S106.00— which is- a six per cent
advance: then y 6" u. pay us $26.00 cash and the balance
in monthly payments .amounting to $8.60 each month
If your purchases amount to $75-03 we will charge you
$79-50; you make us a .cash payment on this of $1500
and pay the balance at the easy rate of. $6.45 per j
• » You save four per cent. Yon have the ¦ arcat privi-
lege of buying in a first-class store, and yet. you get
all the advantages of the easy payment plan as offered
bythe installment houses! «•-
No amount of money is too small, for us to loan
Worth looking into, don't you, think?
Gould, Sullivan . fi Co.,
/ DFTtfOVE D TO V
Room 1403 "Gall "Building, |
TcLs John 2336. . Corner Market and Third^Sts.
_ N _;,._ .,- . ADVERTISEMENTS. ' '-,---.
"WOR¥lflN~»liND BODY"
Pe-rii-na Tones Up the Entire System by Cleansing the
Mucous Surfaces of the Whole Body.
Mr. Hugh 205 Coubent street, San Antonio, Texas, offlchal sten-
ographer of the U. S. Court, "Western District of Texas, writes:
"My official duties hav3 ct times required constant attention and ap-
plication about eighteen hours out of twenty-four. After a week of exertion I
found myself so worn-out in mind and body that it seamsd that I mustgivo up.
"Last winter at the close of session of court, the ssv3r3st in my ex-
perience, I v/as simply a physical wreck, unable to eat or sleep. In my
extremity a messenger of help came in the shape of one of your little book-
lets. I read'it with interest and that night bought a bottle of Poruna. It
seemed a veritable elixir of life to me and I only took it for three weeks to
renew my strength." — Hugh McLaughlin.
I In systemic catarrh there is more "or by removing the cause of weak nerves-
less catarrh of every organ of the body, systemic catarrh. This is- the only cure
The catarrh may have originated in the that lasts. Remove the cause; Naturo
head or. throat, but it has finally pervad- will do the rest. Peruna removes the
ed the- whole system. It produces a cause.
wretched condition. Peruna cures catarrh wherever locat-
The ' mucous membranes of the whole ed. As soon as Peruna removes sya-
body refuse to do their work properly, temlc catarrh the digestion becomes good.
Sight, hearing, and taste are slightly af- appetite regular, nerves strong, and trou-
| fected. The lungs are weak; the voice ble vanishes.
husky. The tonsils are red and in- If you do not derive prompt and satis-
flamed. • The stomach does not digest factory results from the use of Peruna.
food well. The liver acts sluggishly, write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
The nervous system gradually becomes full statement of your case, and he will
¦lonnrori ' e pleased to give you his valuable ad-
aerangea. vlce gratis
Peruna strengthens weak nerves, not Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
by temporarily stimulating them, but Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio.
: RAILWAY TRAVEL.
1 ake a
Tourist>' Car
— a Burlington tourist car —
if you would ENJOY your
trip across the continent.
The cars' are so comfort-
able, the route so interest-
ing, the people so pleasant,
the excursion manager so ac-
commodating, and the por-
ters so obliging, that you
simply can 't help being sat-
isfied.
From San Francisco three
times a week — Omaha, Chi- . :
cago, Kansas City, St. Louis
. . and points beyond. .
Folder giving full informa-
tion furnished on request.
¦ ' "~I W. D. SANEORN,
K&SJ SJIEE Central Ag*nl.
&£n£p£3g! C-3 1 Market St.,
K£*is»*'«^St ***" FrancUoo.
'"""' "B3 California.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
I^iive Market-Street Ferry Depot.
- ' Local Mon& Local Ovrrd
Dally Thurs Dally Pally
l.v fnn Fran 0:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 9
Ar Stockton 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:13 p 11:13 p
" Merced .. i:35 p 1:17 p 1:30*
•' Fresno .. 4:10p 2:S5p 3:13*
•• Hartford . H:58 p 3:2T p 8:06*
"'VUalla .. S:3S p B:00»
" B'krrsf'd 8:10 p A:20 p 7:33 s
'• Kan City. 2:31a 8:02 a
" O<1r;tgo 2:1S n P:47 o
a lor iuoiu.11.- U lur afternoon.
8:00 a. rn. Daily is Bakersfleld' Local,
stopping at all points In San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
daily.
9:00 a.' m. Mondays and Thursdays 1* tin
California Ltmited. carrying Palace Sleep-
Ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car rues to Bakersflelci (or
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. . Corresponding train arrived
at 11 :IO p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton local. Correspond-
in); train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace aod Tourist Sleepers an-1
Free recllnins Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts cut at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
"Depot. • San Francisco: 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
KCRTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Samallto Verry, .
Commencing April 27, ISKiZ. ¦''.'•
FROM SAN FKANCISCO TO M1L.1. VALLE*
A.NU SA,N HAKAEU.
WEEK DA*S— «:45. •«:*3. 8:43, »:30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20. »1:45. 3:10. 4:15, 6:1», •»:»,
b-45, 9:45, 11:45 n. m. 7:15 a. m. does not
xun to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, •9:00. •10:00. 11:00,
U:3U a. m.. 12:30, 1:30. 2:30. M:45. ft:w0. «:££
¦5:30. »:45. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked 1*) run to San <Quentln.
FltOM SAN KAFAEL TO SAN KRANCiSCO.
WEEK DATS— 3:2U. «tt:20 7:40. 8:16. »»:S0
11:00 a. m.. 12^5. 2:18. -3 :a6. 4:4«, 6:36. 8:*X
' iu:15 p." BD- ¦ ¦ ' - ¦
SUNDAYS— «:00. *S:©0. 8:30, »U:00 a. m..
•12:C0 m.. 1:00. 2:15. «3:30. 4:13. «ft:43. «:i£
1;iQ, 10:15 p. m. . .
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentla.
FKOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WE£K DAYS— 5:40. C:40. 7:45. 8:25. »:\L
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:60. 4:10. ft:20. 7:l5
lo:15 s.'to. '¦¦<••'¦',
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 a," nL.
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 0:03, 7:18, lOiti,
P * "^ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. weeki days— Cazadero and way
stationa. . (
8:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
nations. \
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays except«d>— •
Tomales and way stations. < .
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. : . . •
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. , . • ¦ .. . . ¦
Legal Holiday boaU and trains will raa «•
Sunday time. * • .THURSDAY JUNE 19, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Aitnst All Commude&tio&i to W. 8. LEAKS, Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With, the Department You "WHo.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. 8. V.
EDITORIAL ROO3IS 217 to 221 SteveaiOB St.
Delivered by Carriers. 15 Cent* Per Weefc.
Single Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Inoln diner Postage!
I DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday). « month* 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 8 months 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65e
eUSDAT CALL. One Tear - 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmaster* tire authorized to receive
•ubscrlptlons.
Cample copies ¦will be forwarded -when requested.
Mail eubseribers la ordering charge of address should be ¦
•--articular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS Jn order
to iENure a prompt and correct compliance with their request. .
OAKLAJTP OFFICE 1113_Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS,
Zftnsgtr foreign Advertising, Karqcette Building, ClicigJ.
(Lent Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAIILTO.Y Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEK B. SMITH oO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
•Sherman Rouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D- C.) OFFICE. . . .140O G St.. Tf. W.
S1OETON 13. CltAXE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, cpen u-til 9:30 o'clock. 615 Lerkln, open ur.til
8:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
le&cia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky. c;:2n
until 8 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
It looks as : if the time had come for. President
Castro of Venezuela to get tired of office-holding and
go to Paris to enjoy his hard-earned wealth, v
Hobson's eyes are said to be so bad he will be
placed on the retired list of the navy, but it is safe to
say he will no sooner get his release than his eyes
will be bright enough to see a good job within
reach.
Sarah; Bernhardt, having played Hamlet, . is now
to. play Romeo, and we will of course grant her
leave, but if she ever tries to play Falstaff there will
be a row. . - ¦-, '
Report? from Hawaii show that Kilauea and
Mauna Loa are jealous of their reputation as the
biggest craters on earth and are likely to break forth
in an eruption that will. make Pelee look like thirty
cents.
Down in Tennessee they are organizing Richard
Olney clubs and talking about starting a boom that
will sweep the country and make Massachusetts
Democratic. ]WHSM :
An enthusiast writes that- when Patti appeared at
a grand concert in London the other day "she looked
youthful enough to be her own granddaughter." How
old does that make the diva?
. Miles has been rebuked, Funston has been si
lenced, and now Major Waller is hauled up for talk
ing. , Under this administration the army must either
keep silent or confine itself to swearing.
All of those enterprises which facilitate commerce,
develop the country and profit its people have to be
instituted by foreign capital and the energy of aliens.
When their investments become valuable it is ¦ the
habit of the revolutionary chief who is in power to
seize them. The owners then appeal in vain for jus
tice, and. finally ask their own Governments to in-
¦If the current revolution in Venezuela promised an
improvement in government it would be worthy of
approval. But there is no probability that it has any
higher motive than envy of the results of Castro's
greed, for he has imitated Blanco as far as his genius
and opportunity could do so. He has gone to great
lengths in the spoliation of aliens, and his excesses in
that direction may open the way to teach his country
a lesson in good government.
We are in the habit of going to the Old World, to
the history of Verres and other Roman rulers, for
stories of rapacity. A study of conditions in some of
the Latin- American states will reveal more pic
turesque spoliation, by revolutionary governments,
than Roman history can furnish. The record of Dr.
Guzman Blanco, who seized the government of
Venezuela and ruled the country like. a magnificent
bandit for a long period, is rich in incidents that
show the persistence of the Roman habit in these
remote congeners of the Latins. Blanco's greatest
rival appears to be General Simon Sam, a Latin
negro, who has been driven from the Presidency of
Hayti with an accumulation of eight millions, won
by thrift and official economy of honesty in eight
years 1
THE stubborn character and persistence of the
revolution in Venezuela seem to imply the
downfall of Castro and his Government. Like
a majority of the Latin- American Governments, that
of Venezuela gets its executive changes by revolu
tion and not by the orderly process of law. That
system hinders the civic and material development of
the country. When a revolution is in progress the
property of all citizens is in danger of seizure, and
for that reason capital is not used by the natives in
commercial development. No matter how rich the
country may be the people remain poor because
whatever wealth their labor wins is liable to seizure
and confiscation.'-
THE VENEZUELANS.
The tracing of Tracy and Merrill goes merrily on
and is as full of comic situations as a picnic. The
outlaws seem to be changing clothes with ranchers
about twice a day, and when they finish this stunt we
may hear of them as lightning change artists on the
vaudeville stage.
N. E. A. Convention.' JS4 90. Saa Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, eatng direct lines,
returning Northern Pacific Railway. On sale
July 1 and 2. eood sixty days. Only requires
six days tor entire trip through Yellowstone
National Park. Just the season to visit "Na
ture's . Greatest "Wonderland." Th« Northern
Pacific train "North Coast Limited." is unex
celled by any other. Seeinff is believing. T.
K. Stateler. general agent. 617 Market st.. S. F.
Cheap Bates to Minneapolis, Minn.
Some married women who claim to have
found their affinity don't look as though
they were very proud of the discovery.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses .and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit. COo a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxe3. A nice
present for Eastern friends. . 639 Mark. :
street. Palace Hotel building. • 3
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
a very good voice, and a small girl singer,
Eunice Gilrnan, have created a ! small
furor by their good work. Miss Mildred
Kearney, daughter of Denis Kearney,
made her debut at the Central on Monday
tight and was favorably received.
The one hundredth performance of
"Fiddle Dee Dee" win take place on Mon
day evening next at Fischer's Theater.
The occasion" will be marked by the pre
sentation'of souvenirs and ¦ one of the
longest runs ever happening here thus
celebrated. "Pousse Cafe" and two other
burlesques of equally airy sort are an
nounced to follow.
Eleanor Falk and her chorus of ten
girls in "The Sunny South"; Bedini and
Arthur, comedy jugglers; ' Loris and Al
tlna, sharpshooters; the twin sisters Mer
edith, singers and dancers, and Swan and
Bambard, grotesque acrobatic comedians,
are the new people at the Orpheum this
week, and crowded houses applaud their
efforts at every performance. Cushman,
Holcombe and Curtis, in "The New
Teacher"; Barton and Ashley, eccentric
comedians, and Howard Chambers, the
New Zealand barytone, are in their last
appearances. Next week come Fred HaJ
len and Molly Fuller, great favorites here.
An unusually strong vaudeville pro
gramme entertains large audiences at the
Chutes Theater every afternoon and even
ing this week. The sensational performance
of Hardy Downing, the intrepid young
wheelman, who "loops the loop" on his
wheel, is the talk of the city. To-night
the feature of the amateur show will be
a series of unique living pictures.
The man who trots around the room all
night with a crying infant in his arms and
happens to remember that of such is the
kingdom of heaven Is apt to blacksllde.
THESE are the last days of the
pretty play, "Trelawny of the
Wells, 1 ' at the Columbia Thea
ter. Next week comes one of the
chief attractions of the season,
Pinero's brilliant comedy, "The Gay Lord
Quex." The play ran for four hundred
nights In London and is generally con
ceded to be one of the best examples of
the modern dramatic art. In the title
role Mr. Miller has a splendid opportu
nity, and as Sophy Fullgarney, the man
icurist, Miss Anglin will have a part that
demands her most. There is a wonderful
third act between the two, and through
out the play is absorbingly interesting.
The cas\ calls for the curious numbers
of thirteen women and only three men,
Mr. D'Orsay undertaking the chief male
support.
Mrs. Whiffen is another among the
chief characters, and Miss Elliston has
a dainty opportunity as the ingenue, love
for whom has reformed the gayety out
of the gay Lord Quex.
? .• * .
Barring a Romeo .that in E. J. Mor
gan's clever but mistaken hands lacks
most of the Romeo qualities, and a Juliet
that also is wanting in most essentials
save a certain young daintiness in Maude
FeaJy's, there is a worthy and rather
splendid production of "Romeo and
Juliet" at the Grand Opera House this
week. It is very interesting from the fact
that certain usually omitted scenes are
included, almost all of the text being re
tained. The whole sixteen scenes are
given with prolouges, quite in the Shakes
pearean fashion, and some of the stage
pictures are of much beauty. Notable
among these is the first scene, a street,
where the setting conduces to complete
illusion, the street crowd being handled
with much cleverness. The costuming is
also of the handsomest, and the whole
thing well worth seeing in spite of its
aforesaid grave, lacks. Next week "The
Two Orphans" will be the bill.
* * * .
"Captain Swift," Haddori Chambers'
stirring play, is pleasing good houses at
the California Theater, Gertrude Keller,
the new ingenue of the favorite Nelll
company, more than confirms the favor
able Impression that she has made be
fore, and Mr. Neill, Edythe Chapman and
Frank Me v tears are all exceptionally well
placed. The usual Thursday afternoon
matinee will be given* to-day. Next week
will see the close of the Neill season, with'
"Niobe" for the bill. Following the Neills
comes Frederick Warde, whoso season
opens with a grand revival of "Francesca
da Rimini." With Mr. Warde comes Ju
dith Berolde, an actress last seen here ten
years ago as leading lady with the elder
Salvlni. Miss Berolde has been playing
Francesca in Europe with much favor,
according to the press agents. She cre
ated . a highly favorable impression on
her former visit here. • "
• • •
"Zaza" shows an undlminlsheS popular
ity at the Alcazar Theater. The house
is filled to capacity every evening, and
promises to be for some time yet to come.
Miss Roberts in the title role is nightly
adding to her fame, and the production
is one of the best ever offered by the
popular house. The play to follow has
not j been announced, nor, as things are,
dees there seem any need for such an
nouncement for some time to come.
\ "The Toymaker" still remains popular
at the Tlvoll, but the bright opera will
next week give place to the other record
breaker, "The' Idol's; Eye." "The Idol's
Eye" offers many excellent opportunities
to the Tivoll's fine company. Ferris
Hartman as the eccentric aeronaut has
an < admirable chance, and Arthur Cun
ningham " as Don Pablo Tabasco cornea
much into {he foreground, of things.
"Hoot Mon" is to be done by Harry Cash
man. Frances Graham has the grateful
part of the High Priestess, and Annie
Myers will be seen as the favorite nautch
girl. • .
"My Aunt Bridget" seems to have
taken the fancy of Centrar Theater audi
ences this week, to Judge by the crowded
houses. .The specialties ' are quite j a fea
ture of the performance, and are very
enthusiastically received. .Twelve-year
old Melville Kallsh, a boy soprano, with
LIFE ASSURANCE— P. P.. British Co
lumbia. An individual holding a policy in
an old life assurance company may make
the policy payable to any one he desires,
and may change the beneficiary at any
time. In fraternal beneficiary associa
tions the beneficiary must be a blood rela
tive or some one wholly dependent upon
the one who Joins the association. The
member is at liberty at any time in such
an association to change the beneficiary,
provided the other beneficiary comes with
in the class named.
W T hat remains to be seen is whether the party in
backing away from Mr. Bryan can back into con
fidence of the country.
But, let who may be discussed, Mr. Bryan is pay
ing the penalty of mistaking notoriety for fame.
Fame is enduring. Notoriety is as effervescent as
sodawater, and, when the bubbles are gone, as flat.
It is doubtful whether he could influence even a
fusion convention in Nebraska, where he used to be
a prophet, seer and . revelator of the first class. ".''•".
The party would be glad to find a gentleman of the
old school, who roaches his hair like James Buchanan
or wears a sideboard collar like Stephen A. Doug
las, but they are scarce in the market Of all the re
cent leaders who were put in cold storage by Mr.
Bryan Senator Gorman is considered the most avail
able, though in the Middle States and the South
there is detected a strong undertow for Don M.
Dickinson of Michigan, who seems to have a certain
influence all over the country that may compel other
candidates to reckon with him.
Here and there the party has found itself able to
sit up and notice things since' it quit playing with*
silver. I; has recovered Maryland and given her the
doubtful blessing of trading Gorman for Welling
ton. Mr. Thomas Taggart has carried Indianapolis
for Mayor as a gold Democrat, and Mr. Wells, an
other gold-plated Democrat, has been elected Mayor
of St Louis against Mr. Bryan's tearfu? protest.
Now the Buckeye balk of a year ago is pointedly fol
lowed by Indiana. ... Under the lead of Mr. Taggart,
John R. Wilson and John P. Frenzel the Hoosier
Democracy has marched out of the Bryan camp and
rtfuses to i.dmit that it ever heard of him. He is
driven from the field as a candidate, and it is not cer
tain that he can retain enough power to influence the
nomination of any one in 1904. He is at work with
currycomb and brush grooming Tom Johnson, but
that gentleman's ambition has prostrated him at. the
wrong time.
The party is not likely to nominate another politi
cal freak, after its two trying experiences with'
Bryan. Even if it want to go to the sideshows for
a candidate # there are others more picturesque than
the Cleveland curiosity. Webster Davis was alive at
last accounts, and so was Cyclone Davis of Texas,
and, passing out of the Davis patch, General Weaver
was never Ajax enough to defy the lightning of any
kind of a nomination, and has been hit twice, once in
1880 by the Greenback and again in 1892 by the
Populist nomination. If a real freak is needed his
experience is valuable. But it is not likely that a
freak will be wanted.
That revolt was really the beginning of that with
drawal from Bryan that has been going on ever
since. He has railed at it and has made pilgrimages
to stop it, but it goes on just the same. His last
lcctitre tour in the South was a failure. In towns
where six years ago the people trampled on each
ether to see him and strained their ears to hear him
he could not half fill the hall, ordered the money re
turned and refused to speak.
ABOUT a year ago the Ohio Democracy met,
transacted business, made a platform, nomi
nated a ticket and adjourned without in
dorsing Bryan or his platforms. The forgotten
leader let fly at that convention and came near ad
vising that its ticket be bolted. Bolting is not
necessar}', however, to beat any kind of a Demo
cratic ticket in Ohio, and the*£arty had for its cam
paign labor the sole reward of sloughing Mr. Bryan
snd his issues, and it felt in better health, even after
defeat, than it had enjoyed since 1896.
FORGETTING BRYAN.
DISABLED HORSE— Old Subscriber.
Fruto, Cal. If the horse you have i3 la
the condition you describe, you should call
in a veterinary surgeon and have him
treated or take your chances of losing the
animal. From the description given it
would be Impossible' to tell what ought
to be done for the horse. That can only
be determined after an examination.
FREDERICK WARDE'S- LEADING
LADY AND TALENTED ACTRESS
WHO HAS CREATED A FUROR.
CRIBBAG&-A. D., City. If In a game
of cribbage the play in the first hand is
4, 3, 1, 2, there Is a run of four for the
last player, and in the second hand there
is 5, 3, 4, then there is a run of three. If
the, play was 4, 5, 3, 3, 1, 4, 5 there would
be but a run of three on the first three
cards and a run of three on the last four
cards played.
THIRTEEN STATES— A Subscriber.
City. The thirteen original States ratified
the constitution in the following order:
Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey.
Georgia, Connecticut, Massachusetts.
Maryland. South Carolina New Hamp
shire, Virginia, New York, North Caro
lina and Rhode Island. <_-, ¦¦¦•;;j.
THE SUN— Sis, City. The question
asked relative to the movement of tho
sun is so indefinite as to make it difficult
to understand what the correspondent
wants to know. Ask a more explicit
question and it will be answered.
CIVIL ENGINEERING— Y. R. If one
who ' has graduated from a grammar
school wishes to become an engineer ho
might take a course in the high school,
then in the university, or engage the ser
vices of a special teacher.
IMMIGRATION— S.. Alameda. Cal. To
ascertain the number of immigrants land
ed at New York during the past six \
months you will have to communicato
with Thomas Fitchie, Commissioner oe
Immigration, New York.
MYSTIC SHRINERS— A Subscriber.
City The Ancient Arabic Order ot Nobles
of the Mystic Shrine is not a Masonic
degree but no one is eligible to member
ship who is not a member of the Masonic
fraternity.
TAX ON "WINE— C. S., Bakersfleld.
After the 1st of next July it will not be
necessary to place war revenue stamps
, n bottles of wine, as is done now.
This advice" has been followed in Connecticut,
where such a union has elected the Mayor of every,
large- city and expects to capture the State govern
ment at the fall election. The present extensive
strikes only demonstrate . the universality of organi
zation and the power of its leaders, and the students
of government and the observers' of events will watch
the results with the keenest interest.
A year ago the Palladium, New Haven, Conn.,
said: "There are enough wage-workers in the
United States and in every State to sway Congress
and Legislatures if they will cast aside every other
consideration, unite as one body and vote only for
men whom they can trust and for measures that will
be helpful to them. There are enough workingmen
if they will unite, to elect' Presidents, Governors,
Judges and majorities in every Congressional elec
tion."
That is a strong statement of conditions with
which the Civic Federation has to contend in com
posing these labor troubles, and it also reveals with
much clearness the alien source of many of the ideas
which are influential with great -numbers in this
country who are eligible to citizenship, and, as a rule,
hasten to acquire it by naturalization. '
The Detroit Free Press, commenting on it some
time ago, said: "Suppose such a scheme were pro
posed in this country! It would be denounced as
monstrous and fought to defeat. The cry of personal
liberty would be raised in behalf of those who wanted
to work. Hatred of such governmental tyranny
would sweep the land. Any attempt of official au
thority to say when men might do legitimate work
and earn an honest living and when they must suffer
the evils of enforced idleness would be crushed as
would be an attempt to establish an absolute mon
archy! Yet this very, thing is being done by an
authority that is without an element of governmental
power. It is by an organization that does not have
the power of an ordinary corporation. Yet its ar
bitrary dictum is that when it concludes to stop work
in the field of labor no one else must take up the
abandoned tasks, no matter how reputable as citi
zens those outside the organization may be, no mat
ter how much they may need wages' for themselves
and families. They are hunted and attacked as out
laws. They are not safe even under protection of
armed- troops and the police. They have violated no
law, human or divine, yet, .to the eternal shame of
this land of universal freedom and equality, they are
hounded and persecuted by those who make their own
laws and defy those of the country. If Government
legislated that such things should be the nation would
be in revolt. Why stand it from a subordinate and ut
terly unauthorized source? There is no intelligence
nor common sense which holds the right' to strike
superior to the right not to strike."
The Minister of Commerce in the French Cabinet
that recently resigned brought to the front a policy
with which this country is being made familiar by
passing events. He was a radical socialist, and pro
posed that when one labor organization struck for
any cause^all labor should cease, a general strike
being made compulsory by law, and any man who
dared to work being subject to arrest and punish
ment. Such a policy has never yet been considered
within the legitimate powers of government of any
form or kind, and no doubt if it had been adopted in
France it would have caused a profound disturbance.
It is well that everybody see things as they are and
that in looking at a question so serious there be no
illusions. If immigration fill the vacancies for labor
which annually occur the increase, in our native
population will be left without the 'opportunity of
gainful employment. There are already many ( dis
quieting indications that this is taking place and that
immigrant labor, by the' power of organization, is
able to outlaw labor that is native born. The Civic
Federation finds its task in settling, strikes to be diffi
cult, because it has to meet and reason with an ele
ment that has not assimilated American ideas of per
sonal liberty.
This immigration is a daily increment to our labor
ing population, and, under the conditions that
unionism has created in all sections of the country, it
will soon reach such formidable proportions as to
tax the resources of the country for support, or it
must be absorbed into the unions, or it must be per
mitted to labor. as non-union. As its'drift isiagainst
the Atlantic seaboard the most of it lodges there,
and there at present is the scene of the greatest vio
lence and the most numerous strikes.
THE year" has so far been characterized by an
unusual number of labor strikes, and these. by
much violence. It is a portentous. condition of
affairs ' when the labor already in the country, is at
war, manifested by the idleness of tens of thousands
of strikers, by the violence with which their demands
are urged, by their refusal to permit non-union men
to work at all, and, concurrently with all this, the
largest foreign immigration that has been known in
our history. * ¦¦¦'; .
NONE FOR THAT DATE— Subscriber,
City A quarter of 1S56 is worth but twpn
ty-flve cents as there Is no premium of
fered for such a coin.
THE EASTERN STRIKES.
SPANISH ARMADA-J. VT. C, City.
The ballad entitled "The Spanish Arma
da" was written by Thomas Babington
Macaulay. •', ':,¦ ¦¦--
MAMIE KELLY MURDER— McC.
City. Mamie Kelly was shot and killed
by Alexander Goldenson November 10.
1SS6.
During the South African war Kipling rebuked the
British for playing cricket and lawn tennis instead, of
practicing the art of war, but what will he say when
he gets home and finds- that they have dropped those
games only to take up ping-pong? ,
FIVE-DOLJ^AR GOLD PIECE— J. S..
Fruitvale, Cal. No premium is offered for
five-dollar gold pieces coined after 1S34-
A QUARTER— Constant Reader, City.
A United States Quarter of 1334 is not
classed as a premium coin.
CARNEGIE-T. H.. City. The address
of Andrew Carnegie is 5 West lftfty-flrst ¦
street, New York City.
Now, after all the efforts of The Call to bring the
whole of this matter to light, this Henry T. Gage,
whose ways are dark, proceeds to get out a warrant
for a dark lantern arrest. If ever there were a dis
play of a smaller mind and a meaner temper than that
we have never heard of it; nor, indeed, has any one
else unless it be some scientist who has made a
study of the life history of a microbe.
It will be remembered, moreover, that at first Gage
declared he was not affected by the charges, stating
in an official interview that The Call had not charged
him with knowingly participating in the frauds;
nevertheless he, too^refrained from taking steps for
a public investigation. He made a secret inquiry,
however, and would probably have kept it secjet if
The Call had not exposed it.
For that opportunity they have been asking from
the start The Call urged the State Board of Prison
Directors to make an investigation, and it will be re
membered that after the first exposure The Call
stopped the publication of further evidence of fraud
so that the inquiry might not be prejudiced. It was
not until the Directors postponed investigation that
The Call resumed the publication of the evidence
showing violations of the law and the commission of
various kinds of fraud by the prison management.
It matters little to the proprietor and the manager
of The Call when the arrest is made. The warrants
may be served upon them at any time. They have no
other desire than to get a hearing in court at once.
They will ask nothing except an opportunity to sub
mit all the evidence bearing upon the case.
What was there working in the petty brain and
spiteful heart of Henry T. Gage when he pbtained
that warrant for a midnight arrest?
Why was it that the constable to whom it was first
given for service declined the duty and passed the
warrant over .to the Sheriff's office?
If it were not the intention of Gage to have the
arrest made at night why did he go to the trouble to'
have the warrant so indorsed?
What was the object of that? Did Gage believe
he could get a constable or some other officer to
come to San Francisco unheralded, make a spec
tacular midnight arrest, handcuff the proprietor and
the manager of The Call and carry them through the
State as desperate criminals to answer before the
court at San Pedro?
An illustration of the nature of the man is afforded
by the fact that in obtaining the warrants for the ar
rest of the proprietor and the manager of The Call
he induced the Justice of the Peace by whom it was
issued to direct that it might be served at any time,
day or night. Under our law a warrant for arrest
for a misdemeanor can be served only in the daytime
unless the court directs otherwise and so indorses the
warrant. In seeking that direction and indorsement
in this case Gage put it in the power of the officer of
the court to come to San Francisco and arrest. the
defendants at midnight, dragging them from their
beds if he chose to do so.
His- motive in bringing action -for criminal libel
against the proprietor and the manager of The Call at
Wilmington Township — at a distance remote from
the scene of the offenses and the homes of the wit
nesses, far away from the prison and the ; State capi
tal, where much of the documentary evidence in the
case is on file — could have been none other than a
mean one. It could have been designed for no other
purpose than that of annoying the defendants and
making the trial vexatious. Nothing of any value
is to be gained by Gage in compelling the attendance
of the "defendants and their witnesses at that distant
point, and the only possible satisfaction he can de
rive from the trick is that of gratifying a petty malice
and a mean spirit.
WHEN Henry T. Gage in the office of Gov
ernor of California first disclosed the pet
tiness of his mind by spiteful treatment of
Republican members of the Legislature who refused
to vote- for Dan Burns for the United States Senate
it was said of him': "He is not broad gauge, nor
even narrow gauge. . He is just a slot in a cable
track." Since those early days of his administration
he has continued his slot career, and now in dealing
with the exposure of the frauds at San Quentin he is
showing himself more spiteful and more petty than
ever.
THE PETTINESS OF GAGE.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
terfere. When; this interference is effective the public
officers whose dishonesty made it necessary appeal to
the patriotism of the people, who do not lighten
their own burdens by helping their oppressor out
rage the property of foreigners. What is needed is
the temporary administration of one of those revo
lutionary governments by a civilized power, during
the process of collecting indemnity for the robbing
of foreigners, to" teach the people what government
means. After such an experience they might so
profit by the lesson as to become stable and orderly,
and learn to respect the rights of property.
POPULARITY OF "ZAZA"
STILL UN DIMINISH ED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 19, 1902.
6
Call subscriber* contemplating a change of
residence during the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper vrlll also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agtnt in
all towns on the coast.
10 ECESCBIEERS LEAYIKG TDWH FOE THE SUMMER.
I l^llAIllUCl j]
|j Coronation Ceremony and the Dignitaries of Church and State Who Will |2
¦ Officiate, King Edward as the First Gentleman of Europe. Where the King Pj
|1 and Queen Will Live, the King and Queen on the throne, and other pages §1
H of interest, all brilliantly illustrated as only The Sunday Call can do it i
¦ '. •
A SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN WHO MAGIC. PUZZLES. FASHIONS AND
LOOKS LIKE QUEEN ALEXAN' BOOKS. AND PAGES OF HUMAN
DRA. WHO IS SHE ? INTEREST STORIES.
THE SOLDIERS OP FORTUNE OF PAT AND HEINY IN NEW ADVEN
SAN FRANCISCO. TURES.
HOW TO SAVE THE DROWNING. SUMMER HAUNTS FOR CAMPERS
16 PAQES....MAGAZINE SECTION... 16 PAGESYOUNG PEOPLE WHO WERE MAR
RIED LAST EVENING AT FIRST
ENGLISH LUTHERAN CHURCH.
Sain Francisco society lady
poses as Queen Alexandra! '
This is the most remarkable
picture of .all this series of
costume poses, for the fair
poser of this photograph was
presented to Queen Alexandra
not long ago, and the resem
blance to her Majesty attracted
marked attention. This is but
one of the many elaborate
features that will make the
Coronation Number of The
Call the greatest special edi- .
tion of the year. Published
next Sunday.
¦ MONTEITH FOR SENATOB.
A motion was then made by Squire and
seconded by Murphy of Yuba indorsing
G W. Monteith for United States Sen
ator. The motion wos carried by ac
clamation. • _
Four more members were added to the
executive committee— C. H. Castle, C. V.
Porter C. J. Gardner and D. T. Fowler.
The following Railroad Commissioners
were next nominated: First District,
Frank Fowler of Shasta; Second District.
Harry Knox; Third District, W. H.
French of Oakland.
A vote of thanks was extended to the
chairman. Dr. Castle, and to the secre
tary, Gi W. Smith. The convention then
adjourned sine die.
After the adjournment of the conven
tion the executive committee went into
session and elected G. W. Monteith chair
man and D. K. Phillips temporary secre
tary. It was decided that a quorum
should be composed of five members. G.
W. Smith of San Jose was subsequently
elected permanent secretary.
ed the nomination and Drake -was nomi
nated by acclamation, i
Nominations for Justices of the Su
preme Court were then called for. G. W.
Monteith nominated Mr. Goodman of
Plumas. D. T. Fowler nominated Alfred
Daggett of Tulare and J. P. Riddel noml
na^d Benjamin Goodrich of Los Angeles.
They were nominated by acclamation.
C V Porter placed William T. Jayne,
secretary of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of btreet Railway Employes, in nom
ination, for Secretary of State. V. . J\
Fowler nominated M. Pritchard of Sierra
Valley for State Treasurer, and T. H.
Horlan placed John P. Dunn of San
Francisco in nomination for State con
troller. These .nominations were made by
acclamation. . . .
W P. Squire then placed Charles A.
Sumner of Oakland in nomination for At
torney General. T. H. Horlan Placed_V\ .
G Murphy of Yuba in nomination. The
ballot was a close one and resulted In a
victory for Murphy by four votes.
Theodoro Mansen of Fresno was nom
inated for Superintendent of Public
Schools, and J. O. Williams of Grass Val
ley received a unanimous nomination lor
Surveyor General. ' .
For State Printer, Louis P. Ward of
San Francisco; for Clerk of the Supreme
Court, James M. Bassett, and for the
State Board of Equalization, J. H. Devine
of Sacramento and Dr. Ring of Humboldt
were nominated by acclamation.
l^ECTXTRE AT METROPOLITAN HALL.—
Henry Austin Adams delivered a lecture at
Metropolitan Hall laat night on the subject of
"Brains and Belief."
Joseph Swift, Preston Lea, W. G. Men
denhall, W. F. Sellers, J. Whiteman,
Charles R. Miller and V. B. "Wooley, all
of Wilmington, Del.; C. A. Daniel, W. P.
Bement, W. E. Ammont and Thomas M-
Longsope of. Philadelphia and "Winton
Liddell of Charlotte, N. C, officers and
directors of the Tonopah Mining Com
pany, arrived in this city yesterday in a
private car. They have been In Nevada
Inspecting the holdings of the company.
Own Tonopah Property.
On Friday, June 20, the Southern Pa
cific will run a daylight excursion to
Lake Tahoe. leaving this city at 8 a. m.
An excellent opportunity to spend a mag
nificent outing beside this glorious moun
tain lake, fishing, boating or strolling
among the pines. The steamer Tahoe will
meet excursionists and convey them
around the lake to New Tahoe Tavern,
McKinneys, Rubicon Park, Tallac, Lake
side Park, etc. Fare for the round trip
$3 50. Returning arrive San • Francisco
Sunday, June 22, 7:25 p. m. Tickets good
returning up to June 25. Ten days' ex
tension on payment of $3 to agent at
Truckee.
Another Daylight Excursion to Laks
Tahoe. r 0h
Percy B. Travers, who Is connected
with the firm of Burnham, Marsh & Co.,
real estate and insurance brokers, has
tiled a suit in the Superior Court against
Thomas J. Fahey, administrator of tha
estate of his mother, Mrs. Catherine
Fahey, who died in this city January 3,
1901, to obtain $15,000 and also property
situated on the northeast corner of Pa
cific and Taylor streets, all of which ho
claims belongs to him under a contract
entered into between himself and Mrd.
Fahey. .
There were- two contracts made. Tha
first was drawn up in 1884 in Dublin, Ire
land, where Travers lived with his father,
a wealthy land owner. In the same year
Travera met Mrs. Fahey, who was travel
ing with her daughter Teresa in the old
country. 'Mrs. lahey took a fancy to
Travers, as did her daughter, and an,
agreement . was reached, under which,
Travera was to receive $15,000 and th©
property mentioned, providing he married
Teresa and went to San Francisco to live.
Travers married the daughter and came
to San Francisco, much against the will
of his father, so he says. On arriving
bere he demanded that Mrs. Fahey fulfill
her part in the contract, whereupon Mrs.
Fahey stated that it would be Impossible)
for her to do so, as she had a number o£
large demands to pay on her property,
but proposed that they enter into a new
contract, making the debt payable upon
her death. Travers, wishing to be agree
able, consented to the second contract,
and all went smoothly until June, 1S9«,
when, during the absence of Travera, his
wife brought a suit for divorce on the
ground of desertion, but at her own re
quest the case was dismissed. Later, In
May, 1900, while in Chicago, Travera
brought suit for divorce on the ground of
desertion and succeeded in getting a de
cree. The only child, a boy of 13 years,
was given into the care of the little fel
low's mother upon the consent of Travers.
Although Travers has written many
times to his former wife, asking permis
sion to visit his son, his lette»s have been
unanswered, he says.
Travers will later ask the court to ar
renge that he be allowed to see his son.
Mrs. Fahey died on July 3, 1901, having
made no arrangements for the payment
of her alleged debt. No part of it has
been _pald. Shortly after the death of
Mrs. Fahey Mrs. Travers married Joseph
F. Maloney of Oakland. They are living
there at present. •-'-
Percy # Travers Brings
Suit on a Peculiar
Contract.
DEMANDS COIN
AND PROPERTY
The libel suit filed about a year ago by
Jacob Howald against the ship Cardigan
shire for wages was dismissed yesterday
by United States District Judge de
Haven on account of the non-appearance
of Howald. t .\
Libel Suit Dismissed.
$4.00, $5.00 and 56.00 patent leather shoes
for ladies and men for |2.15 at the manu
facturer's sale of shoes, 717 Market street,
near Third. ''%*.:,
Patent Leather Shoes for $2 15 a Pair
Norah Lehman, a married woman, re
siding at 539 Natoma street, died sudden
ly at 6:30 o'clock yesterday morning, of
natural causes. Owing to the fact thatno
physician was in attendance the case was
reported to the Coroner.
Sudden Death of Norah Lehman.
Off for a Trip?
With a trunk or a grip? If so, select
from our carload stocks at our carload
prices. All leather goods. Including 1 ladies'
pocketbooks, cameras and cardcasea, let
tered in gold free of charge. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 711 Market street. •
Ninety applicants for positions on the
police force underwent physical examina
tions last night at the Hall . of Justice.
The examinations ; were conducted by a
corps of fifteen surgeons under the direc
tion of Dr. Louis Bazet. There are more
than 400 candidates, and no eligible list
will bo given out until the entire number
is examined. -
Physical Examination for Policemen.
When the Supervisors' Printing Com
mittee began to award the contracts for
printing and bookbinding yesterday W.
W. ; Copeland, president of the" ; Allied
Printing Trades, protested against tha
bid of H.S. Crocker being accepted on
the ground that it was not a union con
cern. Attorney Dickinson stated that the
firm would furnish the union label on all
of its work and as its bid was by far the
lowest it should be accepted. The com
mittee thereupon postponed the award of
contracts for further investigation. •
Will Furnish Union Label.
George Biscar Fires Shots at a Man
Who Makes a Slighting ]}
Remark.
George Biscar was arrested last even
ing by Policeman Max "Fenner for taking
a shot at* J. Kauruzar on Jessie street.
According to the complaining witness'
story he was returning home from work
when he met Biscar and made an un
pleasant remark to him. The latter Im
mediately drew ' a revolver and fired a
shot at- him. Kauruzar grappled with
his, assailant and wrested the revolver
from him, the weapon becoming emptied
of cartridges In the struggle. .Biscar ran
away and was pursued by Kauruzar witn
the empty revolver.
The two men raced up First street to
Montgomery street, thence to Bush street,
where the crowd disarmed Kauruzar, un
der the impression that. he was following
Biscar with the intention of killing him.
Policeman Fenner took both men to the
Hall of Justice, where the tale wag final
ly unraveled. Biscar denied shooting at
Kauruzar, but there were several wit
nesses who bore out Kauruzar's state
ment. . , •. •
The trouble between the two men is
said to have arisen over attentions paid"
by Biscar to Kauruzar's mother.
Robert Crowley, a Well-Known
Salesman, Is Badly Injured
Near San Mateo. ,
Robert Crowley, who for twenty years
has been a salesman in the employ of
Murphy, Grant & Co., met with a se
rious accident yesterday morning, and as
a result suffered the amputation of his
left leg below the knee. Crowley and a
friend were taking a bicycle ride in the
vicinity of San Mateo. While endeavor
ing either to pass or to get out of the
way of a heavy wagon Crowley was
knocked from his wheel and fell beneath
the wheels of the wagon. One of the
wheels passed over his left leg below the
knee, shattering the limb in a frightful
manner. The injured man was taken to
St. Mary's Hospital in this city. He was
placed under the influence of anesthetics,
and after the injury had been carefully
examined it was decided that in order to
eave his life the limb would have to be
amputated directly below the knee. The
operation was successfully performed by
Dr. Bailey.
FELL OVER ROPE.— Mary E. Parr brought
a Bult for $5500 damages against Bernard
Beahou & Co. and John Torpy yesterday for
personal injuries. She alleges that employes
of the defendants. so carelessly manipulated a
rope stretched across the sidewalk In front of
Torpey's stable at 20 Golden Gate avenue that
It was drawn taut just as she was about to
step over It, throwing her to the ground.
William Sachs while on an outing yes
terday became affected with the heat and
was rendered temporarily insane. He cut
himself over the heart with a small pen
•knife that he carried with him, tut for
tunately did not strike a vital spot. He
returned to the city last evening, and
after having the wound dressed by a
physician went to his home, being pro
nounced out of danger.
Becomes Temporarily Insane.
CYCLIST RUN OVER
BY FREIGHT WAG02T
The home of Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Frank,
was performed at the First Eng
lish Lutheran Church by Rev. E: Ne
lander in the presence of 500 friends of
the contracting parties. The church was
handsomely decorated for the occasion.
The bride was attended by Miss Grace
Burmeister, maid of honor, and the
Missis Elsie Terkelson, Jennie Lint, Ce
cil Carter and Minnie Krouso. brides
maids. The bride was given into the
keeping of the groom by her father, Rich
ard Lohsen acted as best man. The ush
ers were Albert C. Terkelson, Robert C.
McLean, Edward Mehlert and Andrew
Kerr. The bride, a pretty and petite
brunette, was attired in white moussellno
de sole over silk, with garniture of point
lace and a misty bifdal veil of white
tulle. The maid of honor woro white
point d'esprit over silk, and the brides
maids were gowned alike in white chiffon
over pink silk. All carried roses. A re
ception and supper followed the wedding
and covers were laid for ninety at the
home of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. D. Lohsen, 1812 Scott street. Later
in the evening Mr. and Mrs. Terkelson
departed on their wedding trip, and upon
their return they will reside in this city,
the groom being associated with the firm
of Gerson & Baer.
AT a pretty church wedding last
evening Miss Marie C. Lohsen
became the bride of James Law
rence Terkelson. The ceremony
ARRESTED FOR ASSAULT
WITH INTENT TO MURDER
Mr and Mrs. R. Jacobson announce the
engagement of their eldest daughter,
Litta, to Henry William Goldstein of Oro
ville.
Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Hellman were the
guests of Mr. and Mrs. B. S. Heller at San
Rafael on Sunday.
Mr. and Mrs. Athearn Folger have been
entertaining Mr. and Mrs. Earnest Fol
ger for a few days.
Miss Garber has been paying a short
visit to Miss Drown.
Miss Mabel Toy has beon entertaining
Misses Ardella and Elizabeth Mills for a
few days at Hotel Rafael.
Mrs. A. ,W. Foster and family have re
turned froni a two weeks* trip to the Yo
semite and are at the Hotel Rafael.
Mrs. Fletcher Ryer has returned to Del
Monte after a brief trip to this city.
Major General William R. Shafter re
tired, and Mr. and Mrs. William H. Mc-
Klttrick are the guests of Mrs. J. L Por
ter In Monterey County. .
Mrs. Vera S Bean) has returned to the
>?l^ntal Hotel, having spent a few days
with the family of J. L. Porter at their
picturesque summer home in Pajaro Mon
terey County.
An enjoyable luncheon was given at the
Burlingame Club by Mrs. A. C. Tubbs of
this city on Tuesday. Sweet peas com- i
prised the floral decoration, of the tables.,
and pink and lavender 'were the prevail
ing colors." The guests were: Mrs. George
A. Pope, Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson Mr"
Russell J. Wilson, Mrs. William b"
Tubbs. Mrs Daniel T. Murphy, Mrs.'
Florence P. Frank, Mrs. C. E. Green
Mrs. Robert L. Coleman, Mrs. Frederick
S Moody, Mrs. Beverly MacMonasfe
Mrs. Henry T Scott, Mrs. William Ford
Nichols, Mrs. Georye R. Shreve. Mrs E I '
L. Parsons, Mrs. Samuel Knight. Mrs
Robert Hooker. Mrs. Joseph D. Grani
and Mrs. George H. Lent.
2121 California street, was the scene of a
pretty • wedding yesterday at high noon,
when their daughter, Miss Alice May
Frank, became the bride of Henry J. Ot
tenheimer.. Rev. Mr.Voorsanger officiated.
The rooms were elaborately decorated
for the occasion. The bride was attend
ed only by her father; W. Ottenheimer,
a brother of the groom, was best man.
The bridal toilette was an elegant affair
of heavy white satin and point lace. The
ceremony was followed by a breakfast,
after which Mr. and Mrs. Ottenheimer
left for Southern California on their wed
ding trip. They will reside in Salem, Or.,
where the groom is a representative of
the New York firm of Lllienthal Bros
and Lllienthal & Co. of this city.
Moore may make restitution to the tune
of $S, or he may decide to reckon the
amount as on parole.
Walter S. Moore began his work for
the State as a common field deputy. For
meritorious services in- looking after the
political health of the "business adminis
tration" he was complimented on the
field by the Hon. Daniel Kevane in per
son and promoted on the spot to the
grade of sanitary inspector. Thirteen
vouchers were filed by Moore. Voucher
No. 619 covers expenses of sanitary in
spection at Dunsmuir and vicinity.
Voucher No. 31S7 contains an item of
$11 So for railroad fare from Dunsmuir to
San Francisco.
Another surprising fact is revealed by a
study of the official disbursements for
health promotion. Walter Moore did not
get but $S more than his share. Citizens
of Los Angeles who are familiar with
Moore's methods and know something of
the enterprise he displays in reaching the
public treasury will at first be inclined
to dispute this assertion, but The Call is
prepared to produce the proof, in the
shape of a transcript of the vouchers op
file in the Controller's office. His account
seems at first giance to be larger than
Fehneman' s, as it contains more items
than are embraced in his comrade's reck
oning, but the aggregate of the cums
drawn is only $1008. This is $S more than
his share on an equal division of the en
tire appropriation to one hundred of the
Los Angeles push.
WALTER MOORE'S ACCOUNT.
In deference to the many inquiries from
the south. The Call has obtained from the
official records the amounts paid from the
health appropriation to a brace of the
most gitted push belonging to the Los
Angeles transplant— Ben Fehneman and
Walter Moore. The vouching for Fehne
man began in May. 1901, with voucher
No. 15,477. on which he obtained $246 66 of
the taxpayers' money from the State
treasury. On voucher 16,376, in June, 1901,
he drew $154 S4 from the public crib; on
voucher 221 in July lie pulled out $200. For
six consecutive months thereafter on
vouchers numbered respectively 1310; 2241,
23S3, 4333. 4952 and 6336 he drew $100 per
month. On voucher 6529, January, 1902, he
got S50. At the outset or the graft he
served the business administration as
"San Francisco secretary" and "acting
secretary." Later on he figured on the
payroll as "purchasing agent." To the
Los Angeles push rank counts but little.
Hence it is not material to indicate the
amount drawn as' "secretary" and the
amount collected as "purchasing agent."
It all came out of Gage's health appro
priation of $100,000.
The event which is bound to create a
sensation in the camp of the southern
push is that Fehneman has received
$1251 50, whereas according to fair divi
sion with the other ninety-nine of the
push gang he should have obtained but
$1000.
The chief mogul of the business ad
ministration does not announce that he
will disburse the amount claimed from
General Otis in the same style that he
expended the sum obtained from the State
treasury, but it is obvious to every one
that his campaign is in sore need of help.
FEHNEMAN WELL CARED TOR.
Gage wants an appropriation of $100,000
from General Otis of the Los Angeles
Times. Before this sum is paid the citi
zens of the south may want to know all
the particulars concerning the disburse
ment of $100,000 appropriated by the last
Legislature for use by the Governor in
the betterment of the State's health. It
is roughly estimated that the Gage push
in T-iOs Angeles numbers one hundred and
therefore if the sum of $100,000 should be
equally divided among the Governor's
active political supporters in the south,
each of the push would receive $1000.
Official Record Relating to Partial
Disbursement of Special Health
Appropriation of One Hun
dred Thousand Dollars.
Fehneman and Walter S:
Moore Get Full Share of
the Patronage.
Vouchers Showing Pay
ments of the Tax
payers' Money.
LOS ANGELES
PUSH ADORNS
A PAYROLL
J. K. Phillips placed in ; nomination
Francis Drake of Los Angeles for Lieu
tenant Governor. B.' A. Meyer second-
DRAKE IS NOMINATED.
The first and most important nomina
tion was that ffof Governor. Nathan E.
Flint of San Francisco, in a characteristic
speech, placed in nomination George W.
Monteith of San Francisco. T. H. Horlan
of Colusa seconded the nomination.
J. L. Riddel of Santa Rosa placed in
nomination W. P. Squire of San Jose.
John Hines of Santa Clara, in seconding
the nomination of Squire, said he was
doing something that gave him more
pleasure than anything he had done for
several years. ' "In seconding this nomi
nation, fellow delegates," said he, "I
bring you the assurance of a great vic
tory. If we nominate this grand Union
soldier we shall make no mistake."
J. K. Phillips next spoke of the great
work that G.W. Monteith had done for
the organization.
The nominations were then closed and
balloting . began. On the first ballot
Squire i was nominated. Monteith arose
before the vote was announced and moved
that the nomination be made unanimous.
It was i so : ordered.
Squire in a brief speech thanked the
delegates for the honor, conferred on him.
"If.it be God's will," he said, "that I be
elected Governor of this great State, I in
tend to earn a record for honesty, jus
tice and morality. I believe in the saying,
Vox Populi, Vox Dei."
BALLOTING FOB GOVERNOR.
When the convention met in the after
noon the work of nominating the State
ticket went along quickly and smoothly.
The speeches were short and to the point
and most of the nominations were made
by acclamation.
Charles E. Lloyd of Alameda County
next spoke in I favor of deferring the
nominations, and suggested an adjourn
ment until the Fourth of July, when he
felt sure they could have two or three
hundred delegates present if the conven
tion was held in San Francisco, Oakland
or San Jose.
It looked at this point as if those op
posed to the immediate nomination of the
ticket would win, but Johnson of Sonoma
moved that the motion be laid on the
table. The second motion was seconded
by W. P. Squire of San Jose and it was
carried..
Before the close of the morning session
the name of Dr. G. C. Adams, pastor of
the First Congregational. Church, was
added to the roll of delegates.
LLOYD DESIRES TO "WAIT.
J. L. | Riddel of Santa Clara believed in
going slow, while Thomas Johnson of So
noma said he felt that if they postponed
the nominations they would never be able
to get such a number of delegates to
gether again. . .
George W. Monteith opposed the motion
and said that the delegates had got the
whole situation in their hands now and
if they hesitated they were lost.
John Aubrey Jones was in favor of tem
porarily deferring fhe nominations. T.
H. Horlan of Colusa thought the adjourn
ment of the meeting would be a "great
mistake. He opposed it and said he hoped
the gentlemen of the ! convention would
vote against Hines' motion. They had
been called from long distances, he said,
for the very purpose of making nomina
tions, and he demanded that they go
ahead and name a ticket.
John Hines of San Jose claimed the
floor and said that he considered the con
vention had arrived at the most impor
tant part of its work, and he felt that it
was unprepared to nominate candidates.
He urged great caution and deliberation
and moved that an adjournment be taken,
subject to the call of the State Central
Committee. •
HINES COUNSELS CAUTION.
J. George Smith, who during the session
Tuesday tried to force a substitute for
the first section of the report of the com
mittee on platform and resolution, at
tempted to address the meeting. He was
asked whether he was an affiliated so
cialist, and was told that if he was his
name would be stricken from the roll of
delegates. Smith replied that he desired
his name stricken from the roll, and he
was quickly accommodated.
Nominations for Governor were then de
clared in order.
Thomas Johnson of Sonoma offered a
resolution providing for a tree State mar
ket for. the farmers, /Which was carried
without much debate. .
The morning session of the convention
of the Industrial Federation yesterday
dragged a little.
The convention was called to order by
Chairman Castle.
For Governor.
W. P. SQUIRES of San Jose.
Lieutenant Governor.
FRANCIS DRAKE ol Los An.
greles.
Justice of Supreme Court.
— . GOODMAN of Plamas.
ALFRED DAGGETT of Tnlare.
BENJAMIN GOODRICH of Los
Angeles.
Secretary of State.
WILLIAM T. JAYNE of San
Francisco.
State Treasurer.
M. PRITCHARD of Sierra Val
ley.
State Controller.
JOHN P. DUNN of San Fran
cisco.
Attorney General.
W. G. MURPHY of Yuba.
* :
Superintendent of Public
Schools.
THEODORE MANSE N of
Fresno.
Surveyor General.
J. C. WILLIAMS of Grass Val
ley.
State Printer.
LEWIS P. WARD of San Fran
cisco.
Clerk of Supreme Court.
JAMES M. B AS SETT.
State Board of Equalization.
J. H. DEVINE of Sacramento.
DR. RING of Humboldt.
Railroad Commissioners. .
First District, FRANK FOW
LER of Shasta.
Second District, HARRY.
KNOX.
Third District, W. H. FRENCH
of Oakland. ¦
THE TICKET.
Adoption of a Resolution Favoring a
Free State Market for the Farm
ers of the Common
' wealth.
Convention Indorses George
W. Monteith for United
States Senator.
Industrial Federation
Nominates Him for
Governor.
SQUIRE WILL
HEAD THEIR
STATE TICKET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 19, 1902.
Marie C. Lohsen and James L. Terkelson Are
United in flarriage by Rev. E. Nelander.
RECEPTION AND SU PPER
FOLLOW CHURCH WEDDING
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali You can trust a
soap that has no biting in
it, that's Pears'.
Established over ioo years.
Pil*ir*A Desirable location,
i UlClvw unsurpassed cuisine,
un equaled ser-
sjfjrf vice and modern
dlltl conveniences are the
attributes that have
fir on A made these two ho-
IH dlld tels popular with
tourists and travel-
Hniaic CTS who visit San
llUlWlO Francisco.
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN,
Counselor-at-Law
U. S. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney
U. S. Patent Office, United States and For-
eign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and
Copyrights.
No. 700 7th Street, N. W.
Opp. u. s. Patent Office, Washington, D.C.
Are you Bilious?
Do you - have . Sick Head-
aches? You cau be quickly
and easily relieved by taking
Beecham's
Bold Everywhere, la boxes 10c. and 2C0b
• ¦ . -•-.--.-¦ \ . . . ¦ -.'¦••¦
AMUSEMENTS.
Pket Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
1ATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
P.lchest. Rarest. Raciest Farce Comedy of
Them All. *
MY AUNT
BRIDGET
i RICtS: aTrffi;::::;;;:;;;;;;^ £ g'
Next Week— "THE ROAD TO RUIN."
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Eleanor Falk and Her Chorus of 10
Girls; Bedini and Arthur; Loris
and Altina; Swan and Bamberj?,
and the Biograph. Last times of
the Twin Sisters Meredith; Cush-
man, Holcombs and Curtis; How-
ard Chambers and Barton and
Ashley.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony. 10c; box seats
end opera chairs. 50c.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY AULLER,.
MARGARET ANGLIN
And a SPECIAL. COMPANY.
Lest 3 Nights— Matir.ee Saturday.
A. \Y. Tinero'E Comedietta In Four Acts,
"TRELAWNV OF THE WELLS."
UEGINNING NEXT MONDAY
HENRY MILLER, MARGARET ANGLIN
And SPECIAL COMPANY la
Arthur IV. Pineia's Four-act Comedy,
THE Or^Y I_rOR,E> QTTEX.
After Its Successful Kunof 400 Nights In London.
HEAT SALE BEGINS TO-DAY.
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
6OUVENIR TOY MATINEE SATURDAY at 2
SHARP!
ONLY A FEV»- MORE TIMES.
GET IN LINE BEFORE TOO LATE.
"THE TOY MAKER."
ERING THE CHILDREN TO GET TOYS ON
SATURDAY.
MONDAY. June 23— The Record Breaker.
"THE IDOL'S BYE."
(KOOT MON!)
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50e and 75e
Telephone Bush — 9.,»
OND VVEEK7 CROWDED
L AS NEVER BEFORE.
EVENING. S:10. MATINEES. 2:10.
IJATPTZE TO -BAY.
A GOOD RESERVED SEAT, 23c
FLORENCE KOBERTS
EuDDorted by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In David Bcliirco's Great Play,
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Eeat.s Now Selling tor This and Next Week.
Fischer's Theater.
OTr'tF'P WHEN
JLLXVXJtAX YOU
NEXT see
YOU'LL BE "RIGHT NEXT" TO THE BEST.
AND THIS IS XO PIPE DREAM.
REMEMBER — Monday night next Is the
SOUVENIR NIGHT to commemorate the 100th
performance of the greatest of all funny bur-
lesques.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
LABT NIGHT — Continued Succesi of
MAUDE FEALY
And
EDVJARD MORGAN
In the Most Magnificent Production of
"ROMEO AND JULIET"
EVER SEEN ON ANY STAGE.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c. &0c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c
Kext "Week — MAUDE FEALY and EDWARD
MORGAN*. In "THE TWO ORPHAN'S."
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY
|i«aa.TQ-PAY-25c t sod
m. JAMES NEiLL AND COMPANY IN
.-.CAPTAIN^SWIFT/.
KeitSnnday Evening:, NIO BE.
Special Engagement, feunday Evening, June 29,
MR. FREDERICK WAEDE
And His Excellent Company of Players.
Presenting a Magnificent Scenic Production of
!"FRANCESCA DA RIMINI."
Beats ready Thursday, June 26, 9 a. m.
¦IE CHUTES !
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEV/LLE IYER* AFTERNOON
A\D EVENING.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT!
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE,
Concluding With
UNIQUE LIVING PICTURES!
To-morrow (FRIDAY) Nisrht— Celebration of
sequoia parlor, no. it>o, n. s. g. w.
AdmlMlon 10c Children .5o
Phone for SeaU— Park 23.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. 3:15
P. M. SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO"^ LOS ANGELES.
RECREATION PA UK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats, 5 Stockton «t.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. jn.
liathlng from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. in.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 6c.
Bathing, Including admission, 23c; children, 20c
t Established 1823.
I, Representative, 300 Battery Street, San Francijea,
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
I 8I8-82O / v \ARKtT 5T. % 5AH FPANQSQO.
j Qportnnitles Not I Oierlii
I Ladies' Summer Neckwear. .,, f/ . Jewelry. [
I Washable Silk Ties, tucked,- with Something new in
H lace turn-over collars attached, in the line of Rings.
E aolld colors of white; blue and pink. Solid Gold Shell
I Elsewhere at 35c, our price — 24-C d£^S5S*^^ Rings, In settings of
B .*»ta* Iv^Sfv ~jl' turquoise, sapphire.
P '3^£1$ri j %f rubles, pearls and
% WacfiaMo Qtnrtre * r ~ "brilliants, warranted
|| TTttSllaDlS MOCKS. for 5 years. Special prices I
B In white, fancy stripes and Parisian 75f» Kfl r 7C r qn( 1 CI rtf) i
gj effects, new shapes. Heretofore ADW, 3UC, I3C allB !
H sold at 75c, our price A.A.C '/"¦?¦' •
M t-*tI* 14 karat Filled
H Afi[ate Ware. plain or engraved, W^l^!*il4^ I
i Closing out the following articles warranted 5 years.. H?S&raSJ^S
H at the very special prices of -- ¦, -« s
H Basin..... :10c Pie Plates 4c Zt)C 311(1 3uC \
B B-in.MIlk\Pan..4c 8-in. Milk Pan.. 6c
El 10-in. Milk Pan. 8c Tea Pteepers...25c A—*!— ~ H*.4~ ««4 Cn*%-
H Enamel Bowls..l7c Cups & Saucers 15c U Oil fig liEIS a -id VrUpd. ;
II t ¦!• i t t Crash Hats, Fedora shape 23c
Kj lltrklSh lOWeK Silk Crash. Fedora shape 50c
M 11HA131I lUttGld. straw Hats, Fedora shape 50c
H From the famous Roylston Mills, Straw Hats, new weave, Fedora
N 20x40 inches. Extraordinary "} e r shape 75c, 95c, $1.50
H value at, per pair AU»^ Tachting Caps, white duck,. ..25c, 50c
I OUR BOOK DEPARTMENT SPECIALS GROWING I
I WORE AItfD MORE POPULAR WEEKLY.
I Standard Cloth-Bound Books at 15c.
I! Some 200 titles, by such authors as Barrie, Rider Haggard, Hawthorne,
m Anthony Hope, Moore, Lamb. Scott. Conan Doyle, Dickens, Kipling. Lytton,
M Meredith, Stanley Weyman, Beatrice Harraden, Alexander. Braddon. Eliot.
M Reade. Carroll, Cooper, Goldsmith, Stevenson. Drummond, Carleton, Holmes
H and others.
fi AN ELEGANT ASSORTMENT OF TITLES, HANDSOMELY *> K r
H BOUND. Superb values at 50c, this week special *nJ\.
H By many of the same authors as above, including Garvice, Augusta
fl Evans, Ralph Connor, Oliver Optic, Schreiner, Jules Verne. Hall Caine,
D Kingsley, Oulda, Longfellow.
I New Copyright Books.
¥\ Any of the new copyright books published at $1.50, this week CI f|O
i on special sale « • •• ... «P 1 »VC»
1 Razors, Knives and Shears Ground and Repaired.THURSDAY. JUNE 10.
"Waters at Port Point, _ entrance to Sai
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
'thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur a;
the city front (MissVn-street wharf) abou
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both places
BIG FREIGHTER FORMERLY
ON PANAMA RUN, AND HER
SUCCESSOR. - .
TO ARRIVE
TO SAIL,
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic -Survey '
' Times and Heights of High and Low
Sun; Moon and Tide.
Servian.- Montenegrin Benevolent
Society. '
No. 10 California street; room 12. — Tombola
prize— 45.: 106. 182, 219. 334, 349. G64, "5S6, 598,
665,' 715. 747. 773. 924. 926. 979. 992, 993, 1019,
1028, ,1049. 1050. 1068, 1078. 3080. 1170, 1171,
1380. 1554, IMS. 1654. .1801. 1911. 1920. 1995.
Gate— 37. - 9 i, 105, 263. 382. 576. 668. 835. S53.
These V- are ¦ numbe'« not - called ' for to - date,
June 15. ¦
OFEICIAL.
• !
The Original Little Louisiana Com-
lished January, 1887.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
pany of San Francisco— Estab-
Owing to the fact . that numerous schemes
are placed bafore the public from time to time,
we would respectfully call the attention of
purchasers of tickets to see that their tickets
read as follows:
¦" THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA
COMPANY OF SAN . FRANCISCO. Estab
lished January, 1887.
Each coupon will bear the initials in large
colored . letters M. & F. on the face of the
ticket.
• The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by THE HONDURAS NATIONAL LOT
TERY COMPANY. Drawing June 14. 1902:
No. 31537 wins $7500, sold in Portland. Or.,
and San Francisco. Cal.; No. 86653 wins $2CCy,
sold in San Francisco. Cal. ; No. G5353 wins
?lf'00, sold In San Francisco, - Cal. ; No. 69047
wins $500, sold in San - Francisco, Cal. : Nos.
42759 and 70783 each wins $250. sold In San
Francisco, Cal. ; Nos. 12.W6, 202GS, 33074, 00134
and 04fc22 each 'wins* $100. sold in San Fran
cisco and San Jose, Cal. . . .
I The following capital prices were paid by
the above company for the May 10, 1902, draw
ing:- Augustus C. Lang-. East yard P. O.,
Point Richmond, Cal., $3750; Mrs. L. W. Fish,
No. 14A Geary at., San Francisco,' Cal., $3750;
collected by Wells-Farxo & Co.'s Express for
Ah Hee of Suisun. Cal., $10C0; U. C. Palmer.
No. 56ti s Geary st., San Francisco, Cal., $500.
All of • the above prizes are of The Original
Little Louisiana Company of San Francisco,
established January, 1S87, and bear the ini
tials -M. & F. in large colored, letters on the
face of the. ticket. .¦ v - •
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, June IS.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 70 hours from South
Bend.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 24 hours from
Eureka. . •
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 48 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 39 hours.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicholson, 4 days from
Newport and way ports.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, 15 days 1 hour
from Panama. ¦ "
Stmr Iac.ua, Gunderson, 21 hours from Eu
reka. -
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 3*£ days from
Comox. . , - •¦
. Jap Btmr Hongkong: Maru, Fllmer, 26 days
21 minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 15
days 12 hours 3 minutes, via Honolulu 5 days
15 hours 41 minutes. \
Schr -. Novelty, Perry, 3% days from Cocs
Bay.
Bchr Onward, Jorgenson, 3 days from Co
qullle River.
• Schr Corinthian, Korth, 3 days from Co
qullle River.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 18.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell, Panama; Pacific
Mall SS Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, June 18.
U S rtmr Meade, Ankers, Manila.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Schage, Seattle.
Stmr Eureka, Jeesen, Eureka. .
Stmr Coronado. Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr. Acapulco, Russell, Panama.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, . Greenwood. .
Stmr Westport, Smith, Crescent City.
Stmr Newbure, Erickson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Eureka, .lessen. Eureka.
Stmr'An»:o, Dunham, Port Kenyon.
Stmr National City, 'Johnson. Fort Brags.
Tug Denance. Marshall, Coos Bay. :. ,
Ship Spartan, McArthur. Port Townsend.
Schr Newark, Nielsen, Walsh Landing.
Schr John G North, Gastron, Port Gamble.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
June 1, lat 4 S. Ion 24 • W, Ital ship Cava
llere s Ciampa, hence ¦ March 3, for United
Kingdom.
•May 25, lat 7 N, Ion 28 W, Br ship Puritan,
from Tacoma. for Queenstown. <
May 7. lat 5 S. Ion 28 W, Fr bark Vllle de
Mulhouse, from Glassrow, for San Francisco.
May 26, lat 5 S, Ion 33 W, Ger ship Omega,
from Hamburg, for Sunta Rosalia. ¦ \
May 27, lat 4 S, Ion 33 W, Fr bark St Dona
tlen, from ¦ Antwerp, for San • Francisco.
Per stmr Geo Loomis — June 17, 12 miles off
Port : Los Angeles, Iw ship . Glenholm, from
Antwerp, for Port Los ' Angeles. . . ,
Per Jap stmr Honzkong Maru, from China —
June 13, 500 miles to westward of Kauai. bark
Ceylon; from Honolulu, for Laysan Islands.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June. 18, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
'SEATTLE— Sailed • June IS — Stmr Lyra, for
Nome: stmr City of Puebla, for San Fran
cisco. • ....... ......
Arrived June IS — Stmr Excelsior, from Val
dez; • Jap stmr Kaga | Maru, from Hongkong ;
stmr Queen, hence June 15. • ¦ • l ¦
Arrived June 18 — Schr R " W , Bartlett. from
San Pedro. .. ' - .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in- June IS—
Schr : R W Bartlett, from San Pedro, • for Port
Blakeley; Jap stmr Kaga Maru, from Yokoha
ma, for Seattle, etc. •
. Passed outward- June 18— Stmr Lyra; .for
Nome;- schr C H Merchant, for San Francisco.
Passed in June 18— Stmr Excelsior, from
Valde"z, for Seattle. -
1 SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 18— Stmr Coos
Bay, hence June 15. • .¦ '•-
; Sailed June 18 — Schr Ludlow, for Port Town
tetod; stmrs Brooklyn, Coqullle River,' Prentisn
ana Coos 'Bay, for San Francisco; echr Sophie
Christiansen, ¦ for Grays ¦ Harbor. ¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed : June ; 18— Schr
Dauntless, - for San • Pedro. •
: TACOMA — Sailed June 18— Schr Expansion,
for San Pedro.
Arrived; June 18— Stmr Victoria, from-Hong-
PORT ANGELES— Sailed June IS— Stmr Ly
ra, from Seattle, for Cape Nome.'- ."...
EUREKA— Arrived June, 18— Stmr Alliance,
fcence-June 16. •. \ » . .¦
Sailed June. 18— Stmr Alliance," for Portland;
stmr .Pomona, for San Francisco; stmr G C
Lindauer, for San Pedro.- , .
$13,000 for $1 — One-half of first capital prize.
State of Louisiana, City of New Orleans.
Personally came and appeared before me. Ed
ward Rlghtor. a notary public in and for the
parish of Orleans and State' of Louisiana, John
A. Anderson, who being duty sworn deposes
and says that he resides at 541 North Rockwell
street, Chicago, 111., and that he is the holder
and bona fide owner of one-half of the ticket
No. 1727 of the Honduras National Lottery-
Company (Louisiana State Lottery), which said,
number drew the first capital prize of thirty
thousand dollars at the regular monthly draw
ing. Class E, which took place Saturday, May
10, 1902, at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A..
and that the said ticket was paid him on pres
entation. JOHN A. ANDERSON.
Sworn and subscribed before me this -dst
day of May. 1902. EDWARD RIGHTOR,
/ Notary Public
$7500 for fifty cents — One-quarter of first
capital prize.
Indianapolis. Ind.. May 16, 1902.
Fred W. Henachen deposes and says that h»
resides at 1618 Union street. In the city of In
dianapolis, Ind.. and that he is a machinist in
the employ of Messrs. Xordike & "Worman in
said city, and that he la the rightful owner of
one-fourth of ticket No. 1727. which drew the
first capital prize of thirty thousand dollar*
in the drawing of the Honduras National Lot
tery Company (Louisiana State Lottery Com
pany), held Saturday, May 10. ,1902. at Puerto
Cortez. C. A. FRED "W. HENSCHEN
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 16th
day of May. 1902, EDWIN P. FERRIS
Notary Public, Marion County. Indiana
-Witness: CHARLES B. JOHNSON.
$4000 for $1 — One-half of «econ<l capital nrli»
State of New York, City of New York Coun
ty of New York, «s. .
Wolf Ruderman. being duly sworn. denosM
and says that he is the- bona flde owner of ona
half ticket No. 23.S30. class E, of the Hondur^i
National .Lottery Company. th« drawinic of
which was held on Saturday. May 10 1902 at
Puerto- Cortez. Honduras, C. A., and said num
ber drew the second capital prize of $3000 and
he received the money in full upon surrender
ing: the aforesaid ticket
(Signed.) "WOLF RTJDEUMAN
IBe Second street. Naw York.
Sworn to before me the 19th day of May.
(signed.) MAX WTJSTROW
Notary Public, Kings County.
$2000 for fifty cents— One-fourth of second
capital prize. . ««jwm.*
State of Missouri. City of St. Lotil»
,?¦ R V ei ?£?_. dep<>8es and 8a y» tl »at he re
sides at 2133 Engina street, city of St. Louis.
Mo., and that he is the rightful owner of one
fourth ticket of 23JRTO. which drew the second
capital prize of $3000 in the Honduras National
Lottery Company (Louisiana State Lottery)
, rt -T aw^J? of which took place on Saturday Mar
10. 1902, in Puerto Cortez, Honduras C A and
that he received to-day in thl 3 city the amount
of his prize in full, without any deduction
whatever.
(Signed.) C. R. ANDERSON,
Sworn to andsubacrlbed before me this l«Ul
day of Mav. 1902.
(My commission expires June 15 1002.)
CHARLES E. HANNAUER.
Notary Public. City of St. Loula. Mo.
Originals of foregrolnsr affidavits held by pres
ident of Honduras National Lottery (Louisiana
State Lottery Company).
Movements of Stsamers.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, Ean Francisco, Cal.,
of the lower low waters.
June 18. 1D02.
The Time Ball on thp . tower . of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
I. e.. at noon-vof the 120th meridian, or at 8
p ni.. Greenwich time.
j. t. McMillan,
Nautical Expert, in charge.
lbs rosin, C19 bdls shooks, 1054 lbs spices, 9
cs stationery, 00 pkgs sewing machines. 20, 104
lbs, tallow. 8 cs coal ,'.tar, 12 pfcgs windmill,
400 gals and 1 cs wine.- - - ¦ , ¦ ¦ ¦ '.
To Central America — 2183 bbls flour, 275 lbs
bread, C40 cs coal oil, 250 bbls cement, 50 sks
coal, 34 cs canned goods. 200 lbs dried fruit,
34 bales cotton domestics, 22 pkgs dry goods,
C4 pkgs groceries and provisions, 32,003 ft
lumber, 3 bales leather, 10 cs liquors, 494 lbs
mlllstuffs, 50 cs whisky, 3527 gals and 1 cs
wire, 15 ctls potatoes and onions. 362 pkgs
paints and oils, 20 ke?s powder, 3631 lbs par
affine. 315 pes pipe, 310 lbs and. 9 cs Vaislns,
0645 lbs rice. 303 lbs spices. 94 pkgs tank ma
terial. 454 lbs tea, 82 cs and 5 bbls coal tar,
S54.'{ lbs tallow, .'(47 ctls wheat.
To Panama — 1030 sals wine. 100 cs 6oap, 2C0
bxs candles, 15 cs canned goods, 5 bales brooms,
25 cs canned salmon.
To Peru — 2057 lbs shrimps.
To New York— 12,518 gals wine, 20.000 lbs
dried hides, 1560 lbs wax, 93 sks cattle horns.
Sun rises , 4:47
Sun sets 7:3i
Moon sets ". 3 :45 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition ot the tides
the early morning tides are given in the lef c
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order % of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column* pives the last tldeof.tbi
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs.. The heights Riven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and Ihen the-numbor
given Is subtracted frcm the depth given by
the charts. Thtr'plane of reference is the mean
: That Herbert Carl Bollenbacher remains
away, from his home until late at night la
the alleged cause for a suit for divorce
brought by Ivy Beatrice Bollenbacher yes
terday. It appears from the complaint
that Bollenbacher's remaining out at
night did not cause naif the trouble
caused by his refusal to tell his wife
where he had been.
. - Mrs. Balienbacher alleges further that
her husband has been under the influence
of liquor since October, 1900, and that his
Conduct has been a continued menace to
; her health. They were married in Santa
Ciara in-- 1899. '
Jennie 1'. Fitzgerald, who was married
to John .in. Fitzgerald at .Los Angeles in
Januaiy, ISSb, ruea a suit for divorce yes
terday. She alleges tnat Fitzgerald has
not provided for her or their six minor
children since last year.
Joiinlhornaanltn, a grocer, is being
sued tor divorce by Elizabeth Thormahlen
on the ground of cruelty. They were mar
ried in lolli and have two cniidren. Mrs.
Thormahlen alleges that her husband
beats and curses. nor. •
Nicholas J. IViaguire brought a suit for
divorce against lnora Ann Magnire yes
terday, alleging that she deserted him in
December, isWi?, eleven years after their
marriagfc at Santa Cruz.
J. H; Fran* is suing Lulu Frank for
divorce for uesertion.
Divorcee were granted yesterday to
Sarah A. Kibbe. from W. H. Kibbe for de
sertion, W. d. Baiehelder from Isabella
M. Batchelder for desertion and Lizzie M.
Smith trom James A. Smith for neglect.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed June IS— Schr Zampa,
fcr San b rancisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived 'June IS—
Br ship Glenholm, . l'rom Antwerp. ~
BO WENS LAIN DING — Sailed June 18 — Stmr
Scotia, for San Francl3co.
NEAH EAY — Passed out June IS — Jap «tmr
Tosa Alaru, lor Yokohama; Nor stnir Tellus,
for Ean Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed June 18 — Schr C H
Merchant, for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— Arrived June 17— Stmr Point
Arena, lisnee June 16.
REDONDO — Arrived June 18 — Stmr George
Loomis, and sailed for San Francisco.
Sailed June IS — Stmr Aberdeen, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived June lS-^Stmr American,
hence June 12, via Seattle.
PORTLAND— Arrived June IS — Schr Fred J
Wood, from Hakodate.
Sailed June IS — Schr Lizzie Vance, for San
Francisco. >
SEATTLE — Sailed June IS — Stmr Dolphin,
for Skaeway. •
Arrived June 18 — U S stair Perry, from San
Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived June IS — Stmr Victoria,
from Ilomckons: stmr Otter, from Victoria.
Sailed June 17 — Schr John A Campbell and
schr Marlon, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived June 10 — Schr Se
home, from nitrate ports. June 11— US stmr
Buford, hence June 2; Jap stmr Hongkong
•Maru, from Yokohama. June 12 — Schr Kona,
from nitrate sorts.
* Sailed June 11 — Bark Carrollton, for Ta
coma. June 12 — Ship Dlrieo, for New York;
schr 'Columbia, for Port Townsend; 2 p m,
Jap stmr Hongkong; Maru, for San Francisco.
Passed .Tune 12 — Bktn Geo C Perkins, from
Eureka, for Honolulu.
ELEELE — Sailed June 6 — Bktn Kohala, for
San Francisco. . -
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 17— Stmr AI11
anca, for Colon.
CAPE HENRY — Passed in June 18 — Br stmr
Lustleirh, from Tocopllla.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DUNGENESS — Passed June 17 — Fr bark
Empereur Menelik, from Shiehis, for San Fran
cisco.
ALGOA BAY — In port May 10 — Bark Abby
Palmer, from Port Gamble. June 13 — Fr bark
Louis Paeteur, from Orecon; bark Undaunted,,
from Chemainus.
CORK— Arrived June 17— Ger bark Schiller,
from Ore~on.
1 FLUSHING— Passed June 16— Br shiD Clan
Robertson, from Antwtrp, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 16 — Br ship Wendur, from
Oregon.
HONGKONG — Arrived June 15 — Br stmr
Tartar, from Vancouver.
Sailed June 18 — Jap' stmr Nippon Maru, for
San Francisco. ,
FALMOUTH— Sailed June 17— Br ship Lou
don Hill, for Antwerp.
KIOGO— Sailed Jun$ 13 — Ger bark Professor
Koch, for San Francisco. . :
SWANSEA— Sailed June 16— Ital ship Fran
cisco Clampa, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June^ 15— Br stmr
Coptic, hence May 27.
SHANGHAI — Cleared May 26 — Ship W 1*
Frye, for San Francisco.
BEACHY HEAD — Passed June 17 — Br ship
Bardowfe, from Oreeon, for Queenstown.
IPSWITCH — Arrived June 17 — Br ship Pen
thesilea, hence Jan 30.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June IS — Br bark
Invercoe. hence Feb 10.
SINGAPORE — Arrived prior to June 18 — Br
stmr Richmond Castle, from New York.
MAZATLAN — Sailed June 16 — Stmr Sai:
Juan, for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS — Sailed June 17 — Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
VICTORIA, B C — Sailed June 18 — Stmr City
of Puebla. for San Francisco. • ¦
Arrived June 18— Br stmr Strathcona, from
Skeena; Br stmr Queen City, from west coast;
stmr Queen, hence June 15.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived June 18— Stmr Sloterdik,
from Newport News.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed June 18— Stmr
Kronprlnz "Wllhelm, for New York.
NEW YORK — Arrived June IS — Stmr Car
thagena, from Glasgow.
Sailed June IS — Stmr Philadelphia, for
Southampton; stmr Southwark, for Antwerp.
CHERBOURG — Arrived June IS — Stmr Pre
toria, from New York. x ;
Sailed June 18 — Stmr . Kronprlnz "Wllhelm,
from Bremen and Southampton, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN -»> Arrived June 18 — Stmr
Haverford, from Philadelphia; stnir Saxonia,
from Boston.
SCILLY — Passed June 18 — Stmr Moltke,
from New York, for Hamburz; stmr St Louis, u
from New York, tor Southampton. 1
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to June- 18 —
Stmr Emmies of India, from Vancouver, via
Yokohama, etc: stnir Nippon Maru, from San
Francisco, via Honolulu, Yokohama, etc; stmr
Olyn;pla. from Tacoira, via Yokohama.
Arrived June 18 — Stmr Peru, from San Fran
cisco, via Honolulu, Yokohama, etc: stmr Tar
tar, from Vancouver, via Yokohama.
Wife Charges Husband With
Being Drunk fcr Almost
x a Year.
Bollenbacher's Refusal to
Explain Causes Suit
for. Divorce.
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
PATENT APPLIED FOK.
Single Number, Class F, Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, June 14, 1902.
No. Prize. |Xo. Prize. No. Jfri«
2a SO 419 16 622....,/ 1™
t«8 16 C07 24 7«f »»
- 0S0 70 06U 40 1071 1«
1153 1U 1S47 40 1865.:... 1«|
1900 10 1965 10 2155 1»
2170 24 218:5 10 2256..... W>
2341 lii 27C7 4012787 -+
-79(f 80 2993 24 ! 3104 1£
3224 80 3260 16 3455 *»
34SS 24 S515 l«i 379S $*
3932 16 3071 i«t 4087...... -*
.40S3 80 4107 24 1 4225 ™
44CS 1« 44f)6 4<)| 4498 jj>
4505 120 4tS05 24 4615 «O
4C.50. 24 46S9 24 4723 -•*
4738. 16 4SM 16 4S67 JO
4S04 ' 40 4917 241 4982..... 1«
400« 16 5010 40 C012 -»
5042 l(i 51C7 16 5164 IB
5307 Ifi 5320 21 5327 l'>
G341 It SM-. /1C 571KJ 1«
57SI 24 5837 ' 16 5S53 4«
590S 16 6244 40 6259 80
(«08 ¦ 80.C319 24 WOfi 1-;
C514..... 16 6728 24 6731
6750 2i CS54 24 1 6S94 1'
t;C27 16 6971 - 161700.-. . 4rt
7106 80 7427 10i 7530 40
7629 18 7732 i'-M 7781 -4
7S)i5 SO 7990 241 8010 It.
SO72 1201 S114 241 S3W5 4<>
,83S1 2t 88CS J6| SCiffJ -»
8744 40 8821 241 SS62 10
l»0:C» 24 SM)54 40 »1-M "
W45..... 40 9162 24{ 92G0 -*
U30K 16 9<;«» ' . 8< ; A'.T.'. i«
078i 2411001:; 24 10243 . 1^
10282 1KIUU73 lt.llCSl.4..... 1«
1C445 40I1046K 16 10«13 lb
ious7 1HU0944 40 ! 11 {ri: ,';
11300 16|114::3 16 114o9 1£
114W 18 11499 «t
11571 24111600 40 111)3.) -*
11775 40 11815 401 S V{
121(58 60 12195 24',12226 lb
12317 " lfi!r>:«6...... -»0O|l2fO5 2J
12150 16U2474..... J«1258» .%
12:,')Jt 80|1260<i J£t}225 oi
111737 16112743 16|l2.<b -[
.12777 24 12SO6 . 16 12823 2V
12891 16112936 SteH 7r
1.:179..... 16113243 l(i|14J42 !•>
13::45 24 13420 36 13435 24
1?A'M 16113512 SiHSS T,.
l;j',<-_T, 2H14C80 2J|142i2 1J»
34409..... 40114413 W U523 4O
14630 40|14632 yiO U«&1 «
14704 40 14733 16 147T2 -*
14St94 40 15404 1« 1M38 4j>
15471 40 13506 40 15571 40
\rt£ 2+15(571 10115732 16
iK^22":: 1615*45 16U6027 f!>
160TtV Hi 16^53 16116314 18
loioO I:" l*16405 80H«520 80
1657C 24(10926 1« 16DB1 24
17100 .... 16 17103..-.. 24J17162 24
17412 120 17121 1SU7496. 10
17M6 .... 16 18036 80118233 10
S-:::: S8S&£ «
1«I.W» ... 40 19317 40 198S9 24
19376 16 195C5 40119521 16
*9S«. 24 20042 ¦ 24J20233 1£
2038 24J2C2I5S 4OO ; 2"374 80
203SS 24120388 16|20-J24 40
20512 16120557 24 20C10 lb
20041 162C869 40,210.1 40
21097 16 21144 24|21255 16
21398 80 2145W 16i21C50 16
216C3 16 21754. 16J21770 24
21772..... SC2183S 40|22Ui6 24
2^069 16J22072 24122143
2233U 16122513 16122860 24
22G83 16122770 16|22774 16
«293S 16!lSJ016 SGt2:;CS3 24
230*>li.V.-! 40(23225 161.23284 40
23315° ». 1612354.6 40123692 16
23753 80J2392« 24!23930 .16
23967 16I233W 16124025 21
24037 16(24070 16|2il20 16
21200 24 24236 24(24261 21
24378 16 24515 16(24552 16
24556 40 24f95 16|24S15..... 21
25022 16125139 16|25312 16
25398 24125-133 16|254fi8 16
255C0 40)25009 40(26099 1«
2U15S 40 2W97 40126335 24
20409 24 2tU28 80)26470 16
2C550 24 26673 16|267S4 24
26793 24 26957 16i:itt>S3 16
27260 16 2736G 40127505 16
27532 80 27665 21127719 24
27774 16 27779 24;27783 1C
27S05..... 1627S07 24(27809 16
27008 40 27911 2jil28032 80
2S038 80 28044-.' 40(28113 -1«
2<*244 40 28346 16|2S458. . :.. 16
2S5S4 24 2S593 24(286J0 16
28612 16 28661 40|2S741 24
"S774 40 28S20 16(28S96 8C
2.8968 16 29051 16|29269 24
20382 80 29305 2412W64. 40
23-tSl 80 29572 80 29704 16
29827 80 29945 16(29052 16
30014 80 30(187 24|30200 10
30253 4Ci30265 16|3O276 40
30470 16|o04S7 24I305SS 16
30712 S0J30833 16J30S3S,..'.. 24
30850..... 16|30890 16(31105 80
31136 16I311&0 16|31210 16
K1252 40 31391, 40|31 537..... 30000
31590 16131661 40i31720 16
81744 120 31S76 16131989 120
82C25 40 320G4..... 24132277 16
32337 4O323S7 16132619 24
32696 40 32719 16|
3°729 ... 16 32733 16 33074 40
33099 2433173 16 33203 . 16
33505 40133507 80 33778. 40
337S0 24 33782 24 1
03920 24|33079 40|31059 10
34132 16 34172 16j34-iS3 24
34635 16 34713 80(35146 16
35191 24 35204 16J35331 40
35405 80(35475 16 35569 24
35646..... 40 35678 16 35896 40
35994 .' 16 301S4 16 36283 ltt
3G620..... 16 36703 24 36833 40
36970 40137063 40(37083 80
37397 120137402 40 3749G 40
37544 16 37C55 16 37677 80
37707 16 37835 24 37840 16
37923 24 38074 40 38077 16
38119 80 38156 16 3S274 24
38573 80 38608 24 38614 24
.'18605 24 38713 16 38837 16
38880 40 39037 40 39272 16
394S2 .... 24 3952.0 10 3955S .120
39505 16 :i969G 80 39726 24
SOSSfi 24i39O45 16 4C090 16
40146 40(40163 24 40411 24
40441 120140579 40 46615 ltt
40GS2 24 40900 24141022/... 16
41044 2141110 16 4117/. IB
41293 80 41335 40J415TO 16
41704 16 41835 40141895 10
41072 16 420-13 1G|42O57 10
42058 16 42106 80 42167 24
42172 16 42186 16 42460 16
42582 80 42598 16 42667 40
42672 16 42759 1000 42781 24
42937 40 42949 16 42955..... 1C
43145 16 43255 24 43810..... 1G
43699 1643709 80 43907 24
44052 2444116 40|44240.'. ... 16
44288 16 41563 16 44646 21
44731 24 44800 16 44937..... 10
44961;...'.'. 24 450C3 40 45080..... 24
45148 16 15243..... 16 43406..... 10
45444 40 45-180 24 45546..... 40
4Cor59 16 46076..:.. 40 46001. 24
46177 2446314..... 80 46359 IB
46423.;.:. ,'16 40601'. 16 46732 24
40740 f 16)46827 16 46858 40
46940 16|4SS>55 24 47115 24
47147 10)47320 24 47330 80
47369 10 47394 24 47655 24
4769S 16 47757 24 47791 2»
47708, 16(48003 16|48211 120
4S355..... 16 48415. .V.-. 16 4S3C9 40
48660 24J4S77C 16 4S911 19
49106 1(5149114 16 49170..... 10
49259 24(19379 40 49459..... 80
494(iO 24119587 80 49607..*. 10
40740 40 4974:i 40 49759..... 24
49842 24 40S59 16 49929..... 1«
49977 16 43984 16 50014 16
50042 24(50240 16 50:597 16
50149 16150425 It; 50538 18
50560 24(50602 40 50607 40
50714 16 50973 120(50980 24
50087.... « 40151150 t-051236 24
51282 16(31311..... 24131321 24
51325 S0I513I7 40 51367 • ltt
51517 2151653 24151728 80
51759 24 51824 16 51S35 21
518S3 1C51S88 16 52031 i«
52057 24 52212 40 52C07 120
52G13 24152735 16 32770 80
: 52774 1CI52871 21152966 21
53Q09 80 53081. 40|53l:« l«
G319S 10153342. .\ . . 16 53715..... SO
53778 24I53X5G..... SO 53885 24
540«7 10(34076 16 54082 40
54144 . lfi!54267. 16154298 40
T.43S6 10154133 16J54441. .... ic
54607..... S0'54725 -40 54815 40
54831 1G155038 8055234..... 4<;
-05292 24155330 215547ft in
C&SC5 24153576 24 35CC7 ic
55080 40 557S9 16 55805... "4
55S16 . 24|5598G 40 50007 !«
G6201 16156346 24 56359 40
56398... •-• 24I5640C 40 56526... " ie
f>C<S>2 24156728..... .24156831 ' •>?
56957..... 24I5GB0S 16 1 57101... 04
r.7152 . 40157266 24 57364. . i«
57517 40157629 16 576C4 ' in
57746 80|57S79 24 5S031 • 40
58070 40 5S301 24 38328.;. ift
58H08..... 80 5SS06...'.. 40158954 ic
58080 24|V V j 10
59067 16 50168..... °4[39224... 04
50321 16 59400 40159407.. 04
59540..... 16 59575 40159596...!! 4O
C0622 16 59673 24159807. 04
69S0.T. 16 5«903.;... 16159904.."* 04
60200..... 40C0205..... 16|6C272.. "* 24
60321.'.... 8060093 16[60755.,. " ic
60797 12060S21 \l6|6C832.. " ir
60011 24fi0022 1R1610C5.. " i«
61228 24 61320 . 10 61376 * 40
61425 16 01527..... 16 6154S... »n
C1883 16 02012 16 620SO... 1«
62156....." 241B227........ 74 62380*.. i5
62408..... 24C202S 24 62S28..... «,,
62964..;.. .40 62SS5 40 6:5012 "40
63276 24 63288 24 63300. . ! " 40
T.3366 120(i33fiO..... 16 63403. ...I -.4
6342S..... 1CC35S1 2463653....I IC
TWO DAYS AHEAD OF SCHEDULE
IS RECORD OF HONGKONG MARU
flakes New Hark in Trans=Pacific Traveling and
t Brings First of the New Crop of Tea. * '
ALLEGES CHECK
WAS WORTHLESS
Colonel Andrews Will
Swear to Complaint
Against Block.
Prisoner Makes Application
lor a Writ of Habeas
Corpus.
J. Block, who is believed by the police
to be the head of a gang that has been
victimizing hotel-keepers and banks
throughout the Southern and Middle
Western States and who attempted to
ewindle the Western National Eank of
this city by means of forged drafts, is
anxious to regain his liberty. Yesterday
Attorney Archie Campbell secured a writ
of habeas corpus for Block's release,
which writ was made returnable this
morning before Judge Lawlor. It will be
of no avuil, however, as Colonel A. An
drews of the Diamond Palace is ready to
swear to a warant for Block's arrest on
a charge of making and passing a ficti
tious check. On June 11 Block visited
Colonel Andrews' store and purchased a
pair of diamond sleeve buttons for $29,
giving him a check for the amount on
the Citizens' Bank of Santa Clara. Thy
check was written out by Block in
Colonel Andrews' presence and signed G.
A. Groves. It was sent to tne bank for
collection and returned dishonored.
Colonel Andrews was at the Hall of
Justice yesterday afternoon to swear, to
the complaint, but no Judge could be
found, and he promised the District At
torney that he would be at the Hall at
10 o'clock, sharp, this morning, so that
the complaint could be sworn to and
Block booked on the charge before the
argument on the writ could be heard by
Judge Lawlor.
The fact that he passed the fictitious
check on Colonel Andrews leads the po
lice to believe that Block's story to
the effect that the drafts he lodged with
the Western National Bank were given
him by another man and that he believed
them to be genuine is not true. They
also believe that he is the John O. Stone
who is wanted for numerous frauds
against hotel-keepers referred to in the
telegram to Captain of Detectives Mar
tin from the National Hotel-keepers' As-
Fcciation of New York. Groves is one of
the names on some of the drafts on
banks in Indianapolis. Cleveland, New
York and other cities found in zhe pris
oner's possession when searched at the
City Prison.
SUFFERS HANY WOUNDS
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Want Conventions Held Here.
The Chamber of Commerce yesterday
Bent its well wishes to the American Li
brary Association Convention in Magno
lia, Mass.. and to the National Plumbers'
Association Convention at Atlantic City,
K. J., requesting in both cases that Sa"n
Francisco be selected as the place In
Tvbicn to hold their next annual gather
ings.
Private Suir Said to Be Insane.
George Suir, a private In the Seventh
Infantry, who was arrested Tuesday for
trying to pass a raised draft of the First
National Bank of Portland on a money
broker on Kearny street, was taken to
the Presidio yesterday. The police were
notified that Suir had been acting
strangely of late and it was believed that
his mind was unbalanced. He will be
dealt with by the military authorities.
Leaves Estate to Daughter.
The ¦will of Dr. George W. Woods, med
ical director, U. S. N., who died on the
Sth inst., was filed for probate yesterday.
He leaves his entire estate, with the ex
ception of a few mementos, to his daugh
ter, Florence Baldwin Woods. The estate
exceeds $23,000 in value, and consists of
life insurance policies, land in Hope Val
ley and Excelsior Homestead and stock
in several corporations. The will is holo
graphic, bearing date of August 24, 1301.
The document was executed on board the
United States shin Charleston.
Notice to Passengers.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
fit any of our offices. One .trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton Special Delivery
40i> Taylor street, 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. •
Inspector Williams and his son will
leave immediately for the East. During
their stay in the city they are guests of
the local Police Department. Chief Witt
man has detailed Detective Ed Gibson to
shew them over ihe city.
Inspector Williams is deemed one of
the best police officers in the country.
As captain of police he was in charge of
the tenderloin district and made a good
yecord. The word •tenderloin" was
coined by Williams. He had been ¦ in
charge of an outside district, and was
transferred to that portion of New York
¦where the gilded youth is usually found.
3n an interview with a newspaper man
Captain Williams said: "I have been
thriving on rumpsteaks for the last few
years, and now will have some tender
loin." The scribe tbe following morning
announced that "Captain Williams had
been transferred to the tenderloin." The
¦word "tenderloin" has ever since been
applied to that part of a city where the
last set holds forth.
The officer was greeted by his father,
Inspector Williams of the New York Po
lice Department. The latter came from
iCew York to take charge of his invalid
boy, and was gratilied to find him able
to move. He came out here expecting to
lind his son in the hospital.
Orient.
A. S. Williams, a lieutenant In u;
United States marine corps, who Is home
on sick leave, arrived yesterday on the
Hongkong Maru. The officer saw a ereat
deal of service In the Philippines. He
was a member of Major Waller's expedi
tion and suffered untold privations with
Jiis men. Ten of his company died from
Jack of food and from wounds. Lieuten
ant Williams personally suffered seven
bolo wounds in a pitched battle with the
natives.
lieutenant Williams of the Marine
Corps Heturas From the
The freighter Leelanaw arrived yesterday,
15 days 1 hour from Panama, with 1670 tons of
New York cargo and eight steerage passengers.
This \ r oyage is the last the Leelanaw will make
under her charter to the Panama Railroad Com
pany. After discharging her cargo, which she
will do at Lombard-street wharf, it is expected
that Ehe will be sent back to the Eastern coast.
Freighter Leelanaw Arrives.
The champions of the new form of charter
party have given up their fight, and fcr this
year at any- rate the old form will continue
in vogue. The opposition of the ship-owners
proved too strong for the proposed change and
further attempts to make it go will be. aban
doned. The British ship Corunna^was charter
ed yesterday by J. J. Moore &/Co. under the
old form. The charter price was 25 shillings,
with ten days to load. ... /
JTew Form Charter Abandoned.
J. Olcovich and wife. Mrs. A. Chavez Mlsa
R. Chavez. Count J. Horquart de Turtot, S. C.
Faheuf. M/s. J. M. Thornton, Alfred Qiietu
B. J. .Tuillard. J. T. Canfield. C. T. Canfleld,
M. A. Tadscha. Miss Jennie Burroughs, Thomas
Hirst, James Mack,' Abe Abouliak.
The Acapulco did not take a very large cargo.
In addition to thirty-nine Chinese she carried
passengers as follows:
The Pacific Mall Company's Acapulco sailed
yesterday for Panama and way ports with the
first New York freight the steamship company
has handled since its split with the Panama
Railroad Conjpany. The Acapulco inaugurates
the i joint service that was decided upon when
the corporations signed their recent peace
treaty. Shippers and consignees are pleased at
the resumption of the oVd state of affairs. The
Panama Railroad Company did not make a
success of its ocean transportation. The Argyll
and Leelanaw were not suitable on account of
their great depth of hold for the kind of cargo
they were called upon to handle, and the freight
suffered. For days after the Argyll or Lee
lanaw had discharged at Howard-street wharf
No. 3 the bulkhead outride of that dock was
covered with pools of ell that had oozed out or
the roughly handled barrels, and quite a stretch
of the wharf was impassable for pedestrians.
The people whose business takes them to that
part of the water front rejoice with shippers
and consignees at the peace that allows the
Mail Company to onqe more handle the ,f reight
business of the Panama Railroad.
Takes First New York Cargo.,
R. 3. Allen. A. H. Barlow, J. G. Bishop,
Mrs. Bishop. W. L. Burton, Mrs. Burton. Kmi
llta Carmen, Helen E. Chase. Mrs. K. F. Coe.
Harry Davis. Mrs. Davis, Miss Davis, G. C.
Dew, F. Fachtmann, Colonel Edward Fennere,
Mrs. Fennere, \V. S. Ferguson and wife. Miss
Ferguson, Kin Hamada, Mrs. Heatcote, Captain
P. Helders. George W. Hlggins, Mabel E. Hig
ping, F. H. Holmes. Margaret Holmes, Char
lotte von Honsen, Mrs. R. Hutchinson. F. \V.
Lotz, J. McMuIlen and wife, Carroll Miller,
John Nlcol. Miss B. Nlcol, II. A. Van Nlevell,
Max Xoessler. L. S. Paler!. K. D. Sanders, C.
J. L. von. Schmidt, A., Schroder, N\ J. Stabb,
R. C Steele. J. Strauss, wife and" child; J. B.
Stubbs, Mrs. Stubbs, A. S. Williams. TV. H.
Burton and wife. Mrs. Higgins, Mrs. Holmes.
Among the passengers was Lieutenant
Commander F. H. Holmes, who has been
on duty on the Asiatic station as execu
tive officer of the monitor Monterey.
Lieutenant A. S. Williams of the United
States marines was also a passenger. The
passengers were:
Included In the Hongkong's cargo was
250 tons of tea, the first of the new crop.
A special stop was made at Amoy for
this shipment. /
Until the voyage of the Hongkong
Maru just finished the record run ! be
tween Yokohama and Honolulu was held
by the China, which once made the pass
age in 0 days 50 minutes. The Doric has
a record of 9 days 2 hours. The new
record as made by the Hongkong is S
days 22 hours. During three days of the
run very stormy weather was encoun
tered, but the big liner cut her way
through wind and wave and made a new
mark in trans-Pacific traveling.
The Hongkong came up from Honolulu
In 5 days 15 hours, and dia this under only
four boilers. Her time from Hongkong
was 26 days 12 hours. During the trip
across she traveled 387 nautical miles
three days in succession, which is equal
to about 1350 ordinary miles.
Hongkong: Maru arrived yester
day morning from the Orient. She
brought 213 passengers, of whom fifty-six
came in the cabin axid nine in the Kuro
pean steerage. The remaining 148 were
Chinese and Japanese.
Of freight the Hongkong Maru brought
2234 tons.
TWO days ahead of her rcheduie
time and having broken all rec
ords between Yokohama and
Honolulu, the Japanese liner
" To Mexico— 63,000 ft lumber, 55 bales bags,
C pkgs agricultural implements, 10 bbls cement,
C bales dry goods, 401 lbs dried fruit, 12 bbls
flour, 255 lbs ham, 13 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 103 pkgs machinery. 200 lbs millstuffs
26 pkgs nails, 12 pUgs spikes. 12 bdls paper,'
82 )>krs paints and oils. 11,200 lbs pig lion,
100 lbs raitins, (J coils rope, 4 bales hose, (MOO
The eteamer Acapulco sailed" yesterday ..for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
valued at $45,U90. manifested , and destined as
follows: For Mexico, $11,751; Central America
$22,694; PaWna, $1624; Peru, $311; New York,
$9610. The following were the principal ship
merits: -
The Acapulco's Cargo.
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Corunna -is chartered for
wheat to Europe at 25s, under old form of
charter with ten. Jay days.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Harold Hlnz, a email boy living at 528 Bry
ant street, blew oft the little finger of his right
hand yesterday while trying to find out where
the "bang" came from in a Fourth of July
explosive known as a torpedfc. He was treated
at the Harbor Hospital.
A Torpedo Victim.
REMAINS AWAY
FROM HIS HOME
No. Prize. |No. Prl^; . Prize 
63668 1B63«95 . 1« \£>£° 80
<SHMH 24 64059 J 6 '21?2? lt5
64157 16&4176 <"!£t£S f 0
6453» 40«J4fK6 6^! 18
649S9..... 1BC5130 24 £524. 18
BTC52..... iet>5264..... 16 63277 If*
t-5314 I«ey»o3 40OO654S1 40
65C.J2 24 65S09..... 24 6oS54 24
C50-H 16(13059 24 66153..... 2*
6C230 ie|6C334 120 6C16T 80
CC361 16160390 24166C04 40
6tKil3 16IU0712 16166856 40
66885 80I6I5S90 24 (JB029 4<>
67027 24167040 24 67327 SO
67352 24167354 16 67440 4f>
67449 1867596 16I67C01 21
677SB 16 67869 21167901 IB
67943 24|67966 4C(SS2K5 IB
CS274 16|6S294 16!G&J03 40
»»402 40IHS3CS 16G8779...,. 1«
'6S794 18[«8042 80!6899« SO
C9C00 24,RK)47 20COibT>196 24
KC0.-J 80C0342 24|60404 21
I 6044!> 24 60451 40I6U691 12O
69SS9 24 69978 16 70144 It;
70241 24 70445 SO 70478 24
70683 16 70694 16 7C703 100O
71005 16J71050 40171211 lft
71«20 16171229 16171243 24
71324 16171442 16171541 Id
71545 12Q 71739 24 71768.;/.. 21
71977 .... 24(720fiS 16172219 2t
72250. 16I72337 24172350 SO
72446 16u25:« 40(72549 1»
72708 24|72750 40)72819 ¦ 40
72S:u; lCi72867..... 16(72928 2V
73116 16 73133.;.;. 16|7:*iOO 2*
7.1304 16I7338S 24|7:«5O IB
173588 24173707 16171727 2t
j 73729 80(73837 16|7:»44 2*
I 73SK8 4074021 40|7lU3 .',16
74149 80! !
742C8..'... SOI7424S 16174304...... 1ft
74.140 40I74345 80174390 2*
74534 16I747SO S0I74S30 16
¦ 7485:5 1«:74050 40!7."247 21
173235 40174342 80175348 80
• 75430 40175481 1BJ755M 24
1 75594 40l75H2!> 120 73608 — *»
'76123 40(76239..'... lf.:7«>4-W lfi
I76C09 24|7(i71S 16176845 Jrt
1 7ffl(Jft 4<>:7CS94 40i7fi921 16
i 77112 40i77210 24177282 40
•77583 40(77501 NU773SM 21
! 77749 16l777f59 161778:1ft Vi
i 77035 16177954 1 6178003 40
7M«B 40I7S158..... 1« 7S161 21
73430 1*178535 HHTMttS Irt
i 7SKS7 40 7SiiO9 1KI7S050 1«
' 7S904 ..".:'. lrt!7!)0r>2 16179249 1H
•79418 4OI7n5.'.f» - 1«|7D8SO 2i
i $0025. ..'. . 24IS0032 801S00RO 1«
; 800S3 2l!8Oi«5 H?|80121 8<l
, 801 CO 40|8f.241 lfiiS0377 24
' 80515 4CISG548 lf.:sor.«4 2t
R0587 lfiJSlOCS 16IM130 40
'81252 24!S14(H". 16!S1787 18
i 81834 16|82C7fi 24182087 W
i 820P8 24 82172 : 24182269 2»
'S2445 40K457 SOI82458 80
182478 Ifij8254« 1BI8280B >2i
! 827H6 16i.<nO*3 40IST.095 Ifi
j 8;:090 24(83259 1B183300 21
\SSR43 4018340.; 2483594 US
> 83G11 24JS3635 40183735 Ifi
83856 40183890 4OIK3MS iro
183885 2*i.«4<K0 lfi'MlO? 120
184147 80IS4272 24 84328 1*
18-1600 . 16I84K11 40!S461S 2«-
JWCG1 40'8470f> 24.84728 1«
/S497t? 4OIS5125 1c;!S5294 40
j 85403 <f. 16IR57CO lfilg-VtU! 2t
85.S85 16185887 16IS5821 1«
183083 120iS5DSfi 16186031 "I
186051 16IS6172 16ISK215 80
'86235 lfi|S<U09 16|SP.fiO« M
! 8 f.f,23 16|8C628 lfi|8BC53 SOtt*
' R6710 24186781 24:s<kS49 4O
I 86550 16!8fiT>«> 1«!8743S 10
,87480 1KIS7497 16187767 1«
S77S5 40187852 24|&*O13 24
j S810» 16ISSKV4 1W88242 40
r 88470 .. 1CI8S723 24)88^55 1«
! R8973 40189009 24IR0O41 ltf>
1801(64 24IS0514 24I89593 1«
' SKTO:: . 24!8t>«79 40LS9723 IS
! S0724'!... 16IS9008 IC'00134 400
j 90315 16100^55 40190468 lft
!nO-t.S7 16|50543 24!90545». .... 1«
190533 24100398 1P.!J)0709;.... IS
! 90744 40I0C752 l«!0C8M 40
¦00913 24!niO::2 40(81133 1R
! OllfiO 24I912JM 16191313 40
191353 16K*T406 40191456 2<,
j 91544 16191547 16'91E8» 4O
; 0175.J 16i»lSl6 -".iJtlSoZ 2V
[01836.-..:.. 16101027 16!»19-12..... :¦ W
1 01971 16!n?023 24'B2078 ;1«
! 0°122 16)02455 lf,!fl2500 2*
9^649 .... 24I02KO4 10|!»2727 24
102734 10J92704 24i92S4S -JO
; 92904 40!9*{043 16JS3070 10
! 93214 .. 24193491 24103516 21
I 93570 8C ! S*3308 1 « ' Oli^w SO
0.".789' ... 3«!93S7A; .... l« % ;<).":a'X) SO
93071 . 24i»4080 2419+137 10
94515 l«IO453»;.'.id 24l943Rt» 2t>
; 94390 1201946-is l^lmrso iu
¦fMC53.... 40IJU702 16I04S22. .. .. *0n
i 94930 8O!or,222 ir,!or.2n»i it;
95334 16!95fiO3. 2410571K 1«
05738 J50I95771 1093075 1G
; 96002 16|0tt»2 240C007 24
I0U132 40196296 40!!><;352..... v 1G
196493 ... 1C!9«828..... 1R!96,45 ll>
•9CS0« < .... lfi|0«8tl 16be813 1«
! 96819! 16107246 24197322 IS
i 97.T5O 1BI07453 16!»7t:7O. .... 1«
'07738".... 40I977B5 ] lfli»7775 4O
l«7818 .... 40'97.«;:4..... 40IO7S04 1«
: 9S001 .. 24I9S10B 2t!nS345..... 21
!«1, 4Oll«W70 1C|nS3S0 2V
fi8828l!!!I 34J9SH71 2408723 40
'oS7P5 .. 8098782 24 9WW9 lfi
i 08970 I 12Oi»0OlS 16iOOC42 4O
99159" 16199172 in?9217 SO
flSKm . 16199590 40IC0SS5 24
90891 '. ". ! . . ie!99062.;... 40!
1 APPROXIMATION* PRIZES.
i 100 numbers from 31,487 to 31.5S7 Inclusive.
helne fifty numbers on each side of the num
blr drawing the capital prize of $30,000. $40.
ICO numbers from 86.603 to 86.703 Inclusive.
bein* fifty numbers on each side otthe num.
t*r drawing the capital prize of $S000. $24.
100 numbers from 65,303 to 65.403 Inclusive.
beine fifty numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize or $4000. $18.
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 37, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,0C0, $3. ,
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing. Class "F," Honduras Nation-
Al Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100.0C0 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding; to them.
"Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras,
C. A.» this Saturday, June 14, 1902.
"W. S. CABELL, Commissioner.
THE SAX FR ANCISCO CALL,. THURSDAY* JUNE 19, 1902.
8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Arctic Humboldt June 10
Sequoia Kedondo June 19
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 10
Eureka Seattle June 10
Pomona Humboldt •. June 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 10
Santa Rosa.. San Diego &. Way Ports June 19
San Pedro Grays Harbor -. . .Wine. 19
Point Arena. Point Arena June 19
Crescent City Crescent City. June 19
S Barbara... Seattle June 20
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 20
Hyades Honolulu June 20
Santa Monica Humboldt June 20
Olympic San Pedro June 20
Mandalay Coquille River June 20
Phoenix Mendoclno June 20
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 21
Albion River. Albion & Pt. Arena June 21
Aztec Nanalmo June 21
Eureka, Humboldt . . .\ June 21
CityPuebla.. Pygret Sound Ports June 21
Tampico... 1 . . iKahulul June 22
Arcata ... Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 22
San Juan.... Panama & Way Port3.. June 22
Cliehalis San Pedro ....... .. June. 23
State of Car. . San Diego & Way Ports . June 2 1
Sonoma Sydney & Way ¦ Ports. . June 23
Titanla Nanaimo June 24
Corona Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria June 24
Arequipa .' . . . Valparaiso & Way Ports June 2i<
Queen Pugct Sound P6rts June 20
North Fork. . Humboldt June 2U
Nevadan New York . : June 27
Curacao .Mexican Ports ....'.... June 27
Bainier Whatcom June 27
China.. China & Japan June 28
Chan. Nelson. Seattle &¦ Tacoma June 20
Ban Jose Panama & Way Ports.. June 20
Steamer. . Destination.. Sails. Pier.
Jnnc li>. -
G. Dollar.. Grays . Harbor ..".. 6 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 12 mPler 2
Acapulco... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Lakme. .... Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 2
Corona..... Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
State Cal. .. San Dlepo '& Way. 0 am Pier 11
Jnne 20. .
Acme...... Siuslaw River ..... — pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Kathor. . . . Hamburg & Way.. ...... Pier JO
Umatilla... Tuget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
. .Tune - 21.
Eureka.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier —
Iaqua Humboldt , 1 pm Pier 28
Arctic Humboldt ;........ 10 am Pier .2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 11
Gaelic Chir.a & Japan..... 1 pm PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu ...... 2 pm Pier 7
Jnno 22. -
Phoenix Mendocino City .-. .. 1 pm Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9am Pier 11
Columbia.. Astorfa & -Portland 11 am Pier 24
.lime 2M. ¦
San Pedro. Grays Harbor ...'.. 12 m|Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt .......... ft am Pier 13
Chehalis... Orays Harbor ..... G pmfPler 2
Coos Bay.. San P<»dro & Way.. 9 amjpier 11
* Jnne U4. >..'.'¦•¦
Arcata. . . . Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m aler 13
Albion Rvr Pt. Arena & Albion. 6 pm Pier 13
Tampico... Puget Sound Ports Pier
Jnne 35. - •
CityPuebla Pugret Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay.. Coquille River .... ,4 pm Pier 2
, Jnnc 27.
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
•• - June 2S. .
H. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
San Juan. . .tPanama & Av^y pts 12 m PM^S
I Jnne 21). I t
Alliance.... I Portland & Way Pts] 5 pm Pier 16
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
Farallon.... . Skagway & "Way Ports: June 20
Al-Kl .... Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Ilumboldt Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Excelsior.', j. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
City Seattle. . Skagway • & Way Ports. June 23
Senator. . . . . . Nome .".;:. July '¦ 1
Oregon....... Nome July l
Cottage City. Skagway & Way -Ports. July 2
Roanoke.. ... Nome & St. Michael.;. July 3
O Time Time Time |Tlme|
». Ft. Ft. Ft. | 1 Ft.
» L TV , H W . L W H W
19 4:30—O.3|ll:45 4.3 4:00 2.8 10:18 5.4
20 5:12 — 0.3 12:29 4.4 4:40 2.8 10:47 5.2
21 5:40—0.3 1:10 4.4 5:16 2.9 11:15 5.1
22 6:20 — 0.2 1:49 4.4 6:00 2.0 11:50 4.9
23 6:55 0.0 2:26 4.5 6:46 3.0
|H W |L W H W iL. W
24 I 0:25 4.71 7:29 0.2 2:50 4.6 7:S7 3.1
25 1:04 4.4 8:04 0.5 3:33 4.7 8:36 3.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Arctic Humboldt June 10
Sequoia Kedondo June 19
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 10
Eureka Seattle June 10
Pomona Humboldt •. June 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 10
Santa Rosa.. San Diego &. Way Ports June 19
San Pedro Grays Harbor -. . .Wine. 19
Point Arena. Point Arena June 19
Crescent City Crescent City. June 19
S Barbara... Seattle June 20
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 20
Hyades Honolulu June 20
Santa Monica Humboldt June 20
Olympic San Pedro June 20
Mandalay Coquille River June 20
Phoenix Mendoclno June 20
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 21
Albion River. Albion & Pt. Arena June 21
Aztec Nanalmo June 21
Eureka, Humboldt . . .\ June 21
CityPuebla.. Pygret Sound Ports June 21
Tampico... 1 . . iKahulul June 22
Arcata ... Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 22
San Juan.... Panama & Way Port3.. June 22
Cliehalis San Pedro ....... .. June. 23
State of Car. . San Diego & Way Ports . June 2 1
Sonoma Sydney & Way ¦ Ports. . June 23
Titanla Nanaimo June 24
Corona Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria June 24
Arequipa .' . . . Valparaiso & Way Ports June 2i<
Queen Pugct Sound P6rts June 20
North Fork. . Humboldt June 2U
Nevadan New York . : June 27
Curacao .Mexican Ports ....'.... June 27
Bainier Whatcom June 27
China.. China & Japan June 28
Chan. Nelson. Seattle &¦ Tacoma June 20
Ban Jose Panama & Way Ports.. June 20
Steamer. . Destination.. Sails. Pier.
Jnnc li>. -
G. Dollar.. Grays . Harbor ..".. 6 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 12 mPler 2
Acapulco... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Lakme. .... Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 2
Corona..... Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
State Cal. .. San Dlepo '& Way. 0 am Pier 11
Jnne 20. .
Acme...... Siuslaw River ..... — pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Kathor. . . . Hamburg & Way.. ...... Pier JO
Umatilla... Tuget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
. .Tune - 21.
Eureka.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier —
Iaqua Humboldt , 1 pm Pier 28
Arctic Humboldt ;........ 10 am Pier .2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 11
Gaelic Chir.a & Japan..... 1 pm PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu ...... 2 pm Pier 7
Jnno 22. -
Phoenix Mendocino City .-. .. 1 pm Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9am Pier 11
Columbia.. Astorfa & -Portland 11 am Pier 24
.lime 2M. ¦
San Pedro. Grays Harbor ...'.. 12 m|Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt .......... ft am Pier 13
Chehalis... Orays Harbor ..... G pmfPler 2
Coos Bay.. San P<»dro & Way.. 9 amjpier 11
* Jnne U4. >..'.'¦•¦
Arcata. . . . Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m aler 13
Albion Rvr Pt. Arena & Albion. 6 pm Pier 13
Tampico... Puget Sound Ports Pier
Jnne 35. - •
CityPuebla Pugret Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay.. Coquille River .... ,4 pm Pier 2
, Jnnc 27.
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
•• - June 2S. .
H. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
San Juan. . .tPanama & Av^y pts 12 m PM^S
I Jnne 21). I t
Alliance.... I Portland & Way Pts] 5 pm Pier 16
O Time Time Time |Tlme|
». Ft. Ft. Ft. | 1 Ft.
» L TV , H W . L W H W
19 4:30—O.3|ll:45 4.3 4:00 2.8 10:18 5.4
20 5:12 — 0.3 12:29 4.4 4:40 2.8 10:47 5.2
21 5:40—0.3 1:10 4.4 5:16 2.9 11:15 5.1
22 6:20 — 0.2 1:49 4.4 6:00 2.0 11:50 4.9
23 6:55 0.0 2:26 4.5 6:46 3.0
|H W |L W H W iL. W
24 I 0:25 4.71 7:29 0.2 2:50 4.6 7:S7 3.1
25 1:04 4.4 8:04 0.5 3:33 4.7 8:36 3.2
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
Farallon.... . Skagway & "Way Ports: June 20
Al-Kl .... Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Ilumboldt Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Excelsior.', j. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
City Seattle. . Skagway • & Way Ports. June 23
Senator. . . . . . Nome .".;:. July '¦ 1
Oregon....... Nome July l
Cottage City. Skagway & Way -Ports. July 2
Roanoke.. ... Nome & St. Michael.;. July 3
WEEKLY, CALL
61 pep Year*
ADVERTTSEMEKTS.
W A €URE.
IS THE OKE REMEDY in which you
can place implicit confidence. It
relieves the severest paroxysms of
Asthma,* Hay Fever, Whooping
Cough and Spasmodic Croup al-
most instantly. For a quarter of a
century it has been prescribed by
the medical facultythroughout the
world. > .1-,'j'--
; EMILY FAITHFULL, (the
noted English Philanthopist) writes
— I have tried every remedy ever
invented, Himrod's Cure is
the only one in which I have abso-
lute confidence.
Send for a Free Sample.
A trial will convince you of its
remarkable efficacy.
HIMROD MAN'PG CO.
IA-16 VESEY ST. NEW YORK.
rot sale by all druggistsCYCLIST RUN OVER.— Baptist I-arrecou.
employed*Mn a laundry at 1110 Howard street.
¦was thrown from his bicycle at Third and
Market streets yesterday and fell under tha
wheels of a passing: truck. His left lag was
broken in three places.
LOS ANGELES, June, 11— John D.
Ycungolaus, a well known mining stock
broker and member of the Los ' Angeles
Stcck Exchange, was found dead in bed
to-day at 236 Winston street. ¦' For several
years he had been a sufferer from asthma
and heart. disease.
Found Bead in His Bed.
Licensed : to Marry.
OAKLAND, June 18.— Licenses to mar
ry were issued to-day, to Frank J. Staiger,
aged 21 years and over, San Francisco,
and Nellie Davenport, aged 18 - and over,
Oakland; George Smerdon, 40, and Pau
line Pitts, 36, both of Oakland.
PETALUMA;' .June ; IS. — Assistant Station
Agent Phil i Alexanderson of ¦ : Petaluma was
married this afternoon at Santa Rosa to Miss
Clara Cooper, .famed as one of Santa. Rosa'jj
moat beautiful young woinea; . ;r ; /
, If you wish to know all
about the coming coronation
of England's King-— the digni
taries of the church and state
who will officiate at the crown
ing; where the King and
Queen will live ; j Edward VII
considered as the first gentle
man of Europe; interesting
anecdotes in the private life of
the- King and Queen— do not
fail to get a copy of the great
Coronation ¦ Number ? of The
Call thaf will be published
next Sunday.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— Reports hav
ing reached the Interior Department that
miners had. entered the lands of the Spo
kane, Wash., Indian reservation under the
belief that . the joint resolution of Con
gress for the disposition of that reserva
tion passed by both houses already had
opened the lands, the Interior Department
to-day announced that the mining laws
will not be operative on' that reservation
until after tho allotments of the land have
been completed and a proclamation open
ing them to settlement has been Issued by
the President. The resolution was ap
proved by the President to-day.
Mining Laws Not Yet Operative.-
The old man found that his only surviv
ing 'relative was a brother, Joseph Burns.
two years his junior. It wa3 not until
the aged men had recalled confidences of
their boyhood that either was satisfied of
their relationship. Then they went into
the house and announced t» all who called
that they "guessed they'd live together
hereafter." • , '
Back In the *40's the Burns brothers
were trappers in the Calumet Lake re
gion and after a fight with a number of
other trappers the older brother dis
appeared. He waa supposed to have been
killed and his body hidden. The parents
died with this belief. Abraham found his
way out West and Into the mountains of
Idaho according to. his story. He Hved as
a hermit miner. Once he made his way
bv foot to San Francisco, but he soon re
turned to his mountain life. The old man
had never ridden on a railway train until
i.e commenced the journey home.
CHICAGO, June -3.— Abraham Burns,
aged 77 years, who disappeared from hia
home fifty-seven years ago, has returned
to Hammond, Ind., "to visit the folks," aa
he said.
Brother.
Town and Finds His
Aged Man , Drops Into His Horn?
AFTER FIFTY-SEVEN TEAKS
HE "VISITS THE FOLKS"
STOCKTON, June IS.— J. W. Kessler
dug up $1200 in shining gold from the
ground bacl. of a small store at the cor
r.er of East and Park streets in this
city this week. Kessler formerly owned
the store, but sold it to J. Brown several
months ago. He disappeared afterward
and was not seen again in this city until
last Sunday, when he suddenly appeared
In the yard. back of the store yard ani
began spading. He dug up in all five tin
boxes, some of them badly rusted, and
took out of them sfcining twenties, tens
and fives, wrapped in lead foil.
Brown watched Kessler dig up the
money, but was too amazed to object. The
finder placed his treasure in a bag and
walked away.with.it.- .
Kessler, when interviewed by The Call
correspondent to-day, claimed he had bur
ied the money months ago. OM residents
of the neighborhood, however, say that
the money may have been that of an old
French hermit known as "Augu3t," who
died suddenly on the premises twenty
years ago and who was supposed to have
burled his hoardings, a, considerable
amount, near there.
. Be that, as it may. Kessler has" the
money, claims it as hia own and there is
no one to dispute his right to it.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former Stocktonian Re
turns to Amaza Old
Neighbors.
TxVC.OMA, June 18.— Imperial Chinese
troops have stirred up another hornet's
nest, bringing the wrath of ail China
down upon' them, according to advices
brought to-night by the steamship Vic
toria. In endeavoring to quell a Bo^er
outbreak at Kuluh, the imperial . troops
made the mistake, of killing 2000 unof
fending persons, , whom they supposed to
be Boxers. . ' . ' ¦ >
¦ The Boxers in that section had com
mitted many atrocities.
This alarmed the inhabitants so that
thev gathered in hundreds, left their
homes and marched in the direction
whence the imperial troops were-, ap
proaching. When the first crowd of them
appeared the imperial troops under Gen
eral Suma believed that a party of vic
torious rebels was advancing. Without
waiting to investigate they opened flre
and 2000 men, women and children were
ruthlessly slaughtered. .
¦ The "result was an outbreak of indigna
tion/ A vehemently worded circular was
dispatched to fourteen surrounding clans,
calling unon them to rise and avenge their
slain. The people gatheredsby hundreds
and attacked . the imperial troops with
knives, clubs and stinkpots, but were
finally repulsed.
ing Natives.
Imperial Troops Esnt Against Boxers
Slaughter Band of Unoffend-
MISTAKE COSTS LIVES OF
; TWO THOUSAND CHINESE
Navigation Is Unsafe in
Neighborhood of St.
SELECTING AN IMPERIAL i
CONSORT TOR KWANG SU
yTACOMA, June 18.— The steamship Vic
toria, arriving to-night, brought news that
the Empress Dowager has graciously con
sented that the Emperor shall have
another Imperial consort. . There has been
a vacancy in the ranks of his wives slnco
the death of Cheng Fei, who Is alleged to
have been thrown into the well of jthe pal
ace before the Empress Dowager's flight
from Peking two years ago. ¦ " .
In order that the wealth and beauty of
all Northern China may be brought before
them for review in selecting another con
sort, the Dowager has directed Duke Kuel
Hslang, father of the present Empress,
to issue a proclamation directing all mem
bers of Mongol and Manchu banner or
ganizations to bring their marriageable
daughters to Peking some day in June. It
13 intended to select 100 of the most hand
some maidens from among them.
These will be presented to the Empress
Dowager and the Emperor, who will se
lect one of them. There is great rivalry
for this honor, as the lady now to be se
lected will later be promoted to the dig
nity of Western Empress, or third im
perial consort.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BARBADOES, B. W. I., June 18.—
Changes in the bed cf the ocean along
the western coast of St. Vincent will
necessitate a careful resurvey ;o make
navigation safe in that neighborhood, ac
cording to Dr. Jaggar of Harvard Uni
versity, who Is one of the party of scien
tists sent to tho West Indies to investi
gate the recent volcanic eruptions and
who has made a special study of the vi
cinity of the British Island. Where be
fore the outbreak of La Soufriere and
Mont Pelee there, existed solid land is
now deep water, as yet unsounded, which
extends to the base of high cliffs, bare
and vertical and formerly a considerable
distance from shore.
It is erroneous, Dr. Jaggar says, that
there has been no significant change in
the soundings as the result of the erup
tions. Tremendous submarine disturb
ances occurred, he asserts, and the break-
Ing of the cables after the first eruption
of May 8 was probably due to landslides
alcng the bed of the ocean, the extent of
which cannot yet be determined. The ca
bles in all probability were snapped
asunder under the weight of ernormous
masses thrown upon them from higher
portions of the ocean's bed.
ROSEAU. Island of Dominica, June
IS.— The ruins of St. Pierre were visited
yesterday by the Administrator of the isl
and of Dftminica, H. H. Bell, and a party
of friends, who proceeded to Martinique
en the;steamer Yare. , Mont Pelee was in
eruption, and ashes fell upon the Yare
when she was passing Le Precheur.
The north end of the Island of Mar
tinique is gray with ashes and the whole
population of - that section appears to
have left the of death and desola
tion. '.;¦- "
Comodore C. H. Harrison.
SAUSALITO. June 18.— Commodore C. H.
Harrison, one of the earliest settlers of
Marin County, died at 9:45 o'clock to-night
at his home in this city. Mr. Harrison,
who was past three score and ten, had
been troubled with heart disease for sev
eral years. : ,
Mr. Harrison had lived in Sausalito for
many years. He gained his title of com
modore from the San Francisco Yacht
Club. He was also one of the best known
pilots on San Francisco Bay. Commodore
Harrison amassed quite a fortune and
long ago had retired from active business.
He was the president of the Sausalito
Land and Ferry Company and was gene
ral manager of the first ferry line between
Sausaltto and San Francisco. ;He had no
children, but left a wife to mourn his loss.
Begerow Jury Is Sworn
SAN JOSE, June 18.— A jury was sworn
this afternoon and the taking of .testi
mony commenced in the sixth trial of
ex-Constable Frederick Begerow of Al
viso, who shot and killed Joseph Cech and
August Berger. Y
Date for Oelrichs-Martin Wedding.
NEW YORK, June 38.— A World special
from Newport says the date of the Oel
richs-Martin nuptials has been changed
from July 28 to July 24.
LABORER UAJJL.Y INJURED.— James Lav
en, a hodearrier, while £t work at Post and
Tzylor streets yesterday, fell about aeventy
Batt from a scaffold and sustained a fracture
of the base of the skull, a broken Jaw bone and
Internal injuries. He ¦was removed to the
Kmergency Hospital, where the attending
physicians pronounced his injuries fatal.
LONDON. June 18.— After much opposi
tion from the Nationalist and Radical
members of the House of Commons and
the application of the closure, the grant
of £50.000 to Lord Kitchener in considera
tion of his eminent service in South Africa
was adopted by the House to-day by 277
votes to 48.
Grant to Kitchener Adopted.
Ruppricht was followed by his chief,
who was closeted with the Grand Jury
for three hours, during which he was
called upon to relate all the details lead
ing up to and subsequent to the presen
tation of the false demand against the
county.
The jury was expected to get through
with the investigation this afternoon and
make a report, but It didn't, and an ad
journment was taken until Friday.
The editor occupied tho seat of torture
ali morning and had not been dismissed
when the noon recess arrived to interrupt
the crossfire of questions, indicating, that
he will be recalled .when the jury recon
venes next Friday morning. He was
asked all about those missing book3 and
why it was that they were not delivered.
The Interrogations probed deep into tho
career of tne checks that J. B. Lanktrec
originally gave George A. Oakcs, who in
dorsed and turned them over to Daniels.
Daniels found occasion to make a state
ment to the Grand Jury that this was an
attack of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany upon him.
Charle3 Ruppricht, Assessor 1 Dalton's
deputy, occupied the . stand. long enough
in the afternoon to tell how he look the
checks to Haywards for the indorsement
of Oakes. '• '
County Assessor H. P. Dalton and. Ed
itor G. B. Daniels of tho Enquirer were
the star witnesses to-day in the investi
gation that is being conducted by tho
Grand Jury into the scandal Involving
books for the county that were paid for
but never delivered.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 18.
Mrs. Cole asked to-night to have her
first husband arrested, but the police.re
fused. ¦ Cole notified the police that he
had Ruth and was going to keep her.
Johnson has taken his two children.
Eight years ago Grant Cole was mar
ried, ana a few years later his wife de
serted him and married James Johnson
of this city without the formality of di
vorce from her first husband. Cole tried
to get his child and stole it, which re
sulted in habeas corpus proceedings, dur
ing which Johnson tcstiried that he had
married the woman in good faith. Ar
rangements were made oy which Ruth
Cole and the two children bv Mrs. Cole's
second husband were left with the mother
until the mother should leave the second
husband.
This Is but another move In a lot of
trouble and litigation over ; little Iluth
Cole, and more litigation is expecteU to
morrow.
Grant Cole of San Francisco kidnaped
his own child from her mother to-night,
and the aid of the police was Invoked £y
both sides, and of Mrs. Lydia Prescott by
tho father. The police declined to inter
fere. »
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, June 18.
The attorneys for the mine announce an
intention to go further into the details
and see what became of certain property
after it was delivered at the mine—par
ticularly that which they claim does not
seem to have been used for the mine.
Judge Torrance ruled to-day that cred
itors of the company who had received!
their orders from Receiver Trumbo and
had delivered at the mine the goods or
dered had a lien against the mine. ' That
gjves their attorney a standing- in court.
This does not include thobill cf Murphy.
Grant & Co. of San Francisco for $500 tor
goods delivered at Trumbo's houses, nor
other items to an almost equal amount for
goods delivered by ethers to tha same
place.
There were many expenditures noted in
the account as "cash" and "check" which,
Trumbo is being called upon to explain,
tind, at the rate of progress made this
afternoon, it is likely that they will not
all be explained before the end of the
week.
SAN DIEGO. June 18.— In the Superior
Court this afternoon Col. Isaac Trumbo
of San Francisco was on the grill,' under
going examination as to the correctness
of his accounts as receiver of the Golden
Cross mine. Colonel Trumbo was obliged
several times during the day to hear tho
intimation of the court that if It were
shown that there had been any misap
propriation . of the f.unds, the receiver
would have to make the amount good or
be punished for contempt of court.
Is Questioned Concerning THu
Accounts.
Former Golden Cross Mine Receiver
TRUMBO SPENDS SOME
v HOURS ON THE GRILL
The following delegates were elected to
the Grand Circle, which will convene In
Cripple Creek, Colo., next August: Mrs.
Dr. Victory A. Derrick of Oakland Circle;
Mrs. Dr. Alexander of Haywards Circle
and Mrs. Dr. McMahon of Redwood Cir
cle, San Francisco. The alternates are:
Mrs. S. Lewis of Enisvale Circle. San
Jose: Mrs. Clarabcl A. Farno of Oakland
Circle and Mrs. M. Cline of Spruce Circle
of Alameda. These delegates were in
structed to work, for the removal ol the
office of the Pacific jurisdiction to Oak
land, as it is to be removed from Cripple
Creek. ¦ '
The following officers were elected: Dis
trict grand guardian. Mrs. A. D. Stewart,
of Redwood circle No. 72 of San Francisco;
district clerk, Miss C. Farno. Oakland
Circle Noi 266: district sentinel. Mrs. S.
Lewis. Enisvale Circle No. 187, San Jose;
inner sentinel, Mrs. M. E. Pease, Stockton
Circle No. 189, Stockton: outer sentinel,
Mrs. S. Meagher, Alhambra Circle No.
204, Crockett. * - .
SAN JOSE. June 18.— Sixty delegates
representing the different circles in the
fourteenth district of., the Women of
Woodcraft of this State met in San Jose
to-day in a biennial district convention.
diction to Oakland.
of the Office of the Pacific Juris-
WOMEN OF WOODCBAFT
"" ¦ GATHEB IN SAN JOSE
Start a Movement for the Removal
Refunding 1 of Porto Hico Duties.
WASHINGTON, June IS.— Chairman
Payne of the Ways and Means Commlttea
to-day Introduced a bill refunding the
amount of duties paid on merchandise
brought into the United States from Porto
Rico between April 11, 1899, and May 1,
1300, when the Porto Rico revenue law
went Into effect, and on merchandise
brought from the Philippines up to March
8, 1902. when the Philippines revenue act
went into force.
Grant Cole Takes His
Baby Away From .
Her Mother.
Dalton and Daniels Toll
All About Missing ,
Volumes. . .;....
Five Mission hoodlums were arrested
by Police Officer Joseph on the San Bruno
road yesterday for the supposed theft of
the carcasses of two pigs which they car
ried In a bag. The men were held by Joe
Gan3, the lightweight champion, who de
tained, them until the officer arrived. They
were held pending identiScation by the
owner of the carcasses.
Suspected of Stealing Pork.
ACCUSED STILL
ON ANXIOUS SEAT
FA THER STEALS
HIS OWN CHILD
ALAMEDA, June IS.— Foresters'
Hall was the scene to-day of the
biennial convention of the elev
enth • district, Pacific jurisdic
tion, Woodmen of the World.
One hundred and twenty representa
tives of the various camps in the elev-
BED OF OCEAN
SHOWS CHANGES
The Mexican married Johnson's mother.
Johnson often wondered whence came his
father's income, but never gained definite
knowledge of the truth until the old man
was taken sick for the last time. Then
Johnson was called to the bedside and
told of the hidden plunder. He was also
given the map made by the old pirate,
with detailed directions as to the loca
tion of the gold. The map proved to be a
crude affair and the directions meager.
Neither Johnson nor Silverhorn will say
whether they have found the treasure,
but they now admit that they visited
Chriss Island to search for it.
As the story goes Johnson's stepfather
was given a map some time ago by an
old Mexican who was on his deathbed.
This Mexican claimed that his father in
the early days belonged to a band ,of
pirates who plied their nefarious vocation
along the California coast, with bountiful
results; that they used Chriss Island as a
place of rendezvous, as well as for the
hiding of their plunder. The old pirate,
when he was confined to his bed from a
bullet wound received while on a bucca
neering voyage, told his son where large
quantities of gold pieces had been buried
on the island. The son found the gold
and from time to time took as much as
he desired.
For the past two months J. E. Johnson
and Gus Silverhorn of Tomales have been
making frequent trips to Chriss Island,
which is not far from the mainland.
Some residents more curious than others
followed the two men on one occasion and
ultimately learned their secret.
SAN RAFAEL. June 18.— Tomales is ex
cited over the report that pirate treasure
is buried on Chrlss Island, near that place.
Two men have been excavating and trying
to find the cached strongbox of an early
California pirate crew for the past several
weeks, and rumor has it that they have
definite information as to Its approximate
location.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DIGS UP GOLD
IN A BACK YARD
Thomas says there are forty-five boiler
makers and fifteen apprentices out at The
Needles and San Bernardino, who will not
go back until they are given their old
places. Manager Henderson of the Santa
Fe says the menywill r.ot be given their
old places and that only twenty-five are
out. McNeil wired Thomas this morning
that the Grand Council had thus far SU3
talned the boilqr-makers.
Owing to the absence of expected Santa
Fe officials and John McNeill. grand presi
dent of the International Union of Boiler
makers and Iron-ship Builders, who missed
a train at Kansas City, no action was
agreed upon, but another meeting will be
held this week. -. ¦ . :
TOPEKA, Kans., June 18.— The Santa
Fe boiler-makers at Topeka are -expected
to be called out on a sympathy" at
any moment. The sixty-five workers here
say they. will go out if the call is made.
H. J. Thomas, a'delegate from the union
at Needles and San Bernardino, reached
Topeka last evening and' addressed the
workmen here, explaining the situation.
The strike is ordered in connection with
a' combination of Tabor troubles, in which
the recent closing of the iron molding
department of the road figures, and sev
tral of the leaders stated to-day that it
n:ight result In strikes in other depart
ments. . .
Local officers of the Iron Molders* Un
ion were notified Sunday that work had
been stopped in Chicago on the Union
Pacific patterns, and this fact makes the
condition more complicated. Officers of
the road, as well as the labor leaders,
were reticent on the subject, and both
refuse to discuss the matter. It is
known, • however, that the demands of
the men lor. an increase of wages and
reduction of hours are insigniiicant and
do not figure materially in the causes for
the strike.
OMAHA, Nebr., June IS.— The boiler
makers of the entire Union Pacific sys
tem were called on by the Boiler-makers'
Union ' to-day to strike.: About 300 men
are expected to obey the order. There are
less than fifty boiler-makers employed In
the local shops, but the entire number
quit work ta-day.
Maud Treadweil McNutt was granted
special letters of administration upon the
estate of her sister, Thalia Treadweil, in
Department ? of the Superior Court yes
terday. The deceased, who" was formerly
the wife of James Swinnerton, the artist,
died intestate at Berkeley last Monday.
Her estate, according to the petition of
Mrs. McNutt. consists of improved prop
erty on Eighth street, near Brannan;
Clay street, near Montgomery, and Sut
tcr street, near Buchanan; unimproved
realty on Fillmore street, near Francisco,
and the property known as the Treadwell
ranch, lying between McAllister and
Hayes streets and Masonic avenue and
Cole etreiit. She also had $10,000 In bank.
She "Will Act as Administratrix of
Estate of Artist Swinnerton's
Former Wife.
Tomales Men Busy With
Spades on Ohriss
Island.
Union Pacific Company
Boiler- Makers Are
Ordered Out.
SPECIAL LETTERS 'GRANTED
MAUD TREABWELL McNTTTT
enth district were present. They, hailed
from Alameda, Contra Costa, Santa
Clara, Santa Cruz, San Benito, Monterey
and San Luis Obispo counties, all of
which are embraced in the eleventh- dis
trict.
The purpose of the convention was to
elect seven delegates to the Head Camp
session, to convene in Cripple Creek,
Colo., on August 8, . and also to make
such recommendations to the Head Camp
as 'are deemed important to the promo
tion of the general welfare of the Wood
men of the World.
W. B. Ames of Spruce Camp of this
city was chosen temporary chairman df
the convention and later was elected "per
manent chairman after an Interesting
skirmish with several other candidates
for the position. Mr. Ames is the, council
commander-elect of Spruce Camp and
will succeed A. N. Vogel. He handled
the convention with tact and executive
ability. Frank Storer was secretary.
Two sessions were held. The morning
was given over to the preliminary organ
ization work. Lunch was served the rep
resentatives by . the wives and lady
friends of the members of Spruce Camp.
The delegates to the Head Camp session
were elected during the afternoon. They
are: F. B. Brown, San Jose; R..B. Bo
land, Martinez; Hi P. Smith, Oakland; F.
M. Smith, Centerville; C. L. Iloblnsbn,
Alameda; J. B. Greer; Oakland; W. C.
Orcutt, Berkeley. -
The i reception •- committee of Spruce
Camp that made the visiting neighbors
feel at home consisted of J. J. Knight,
C. L. Robinson, W. B. Ames, A. N. Vo
gel, L.-C. Hopken, W. W. Coggin, F. N.
Dodd, E. D. Ells, H. . A. Hoyt. W. F.
Siilsberg, C. G. Hinda and M. C. Turner.
This evening a~ grand ball and banquet
were held in Harmonie Hall.
EXPECT TO FIND
PIRATES' CACHE
SAN JOSE, June 18.— Fay Cory, a line
man in the employ of the Sunset Tele
phone Company, received a shock from
5C00 volts of electricity this afternoon.
While working on the company's line near
Mayneld he accidentally touched a live*
wire of the Bay Counties Light and
Power Company and was thrown to the
ground forty feet below. He was ap
parently little hurt by the current, but he
is in a precarious condition because of in
juries to his spine, caused by the fall.
Survives Awful Electric Shock.
WOODMEN ' WHO' WERE PROMI
NENT IN ELEVENTH DISTRICT
CONVENTION YESTERDAY.
The affair vras arranged by Sarah A. Draffin,
L.. L. Ewing, Harriet Beckley, Martha Thomp
eon, Maude Forbes. Anna Black, Xellie £tick
ney, S. Kleis. Josephine 'Wai worth, Frances E.
Hinton. WilHem G. Hinton. L<eiia Jarvig,- Loa
ett Deirz and Mrs. Elizabeth Shaw.
Greetings. Sarah A. Draffin: response. H. N.
fetersen; ""Oincers," Gertrude Z. Spotswood;
••Members." Xellie Stickney; "Progress," \V.
V. Watson; "Fraternal Union." Mary K.
•poncho; "Our Brothers of Fidelity," Etta Dick
"eon; "Short Talks," officers of Fidelity; ••The
Order," Alma Jensen; a message from "The
Home." Charlotte Hoiton; "Why?" George T.
fciiaw.
Fidelity Lodge of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows paid a fraternal visit last
night to Oriental Rebekah Lodge in Odd
Fellows* building. The visitors were
heartfly welcomed by Sarah A. Draffin,
the noble grand of the sitting lodge. A
number of addresses were delivered by
the members and visitors. The guests
were then invited to the banquet hall,
where an excellent collation was served.
Louis Hammersmith was the toastmaster.
The following named responded "to the
leasts assigned to them.
Odd Fellows Spend an En
joyable Evening.
ZHembers of the Independent Order of
PAY FEATEENAL VTSIT
TO LODGE OF BEBEKAHS
Charles H. . Lovell, who will prooably
have charge of the estate of Tubbs, said
to-night: "Mr. Tubbs' will is to be ti.ln.1
in Alameda County. Oakland having been
the placo of his legal residerc?. I am
not t.L liberty to say anythhig about the
c ! c cument. Mrs. Tubba will not be able
to r.ttend he* husband's fu'ioral to-mor
row because of her injuries. I received
that vord frrn rer."
What fortune is left by Tubbs is not
definitely known. It is believed to be in
the neighborhood of a quarter of a mil
lion dollars.- The bulk of the estate went
to him as his share of the late Hiram
Tubbs' fortune. His father provided
liberally for his children, besides leaving
a large estate to his wife. The young
man had been successful in business af
fairs and had made excellent investments
during the past five years.
Felton Taylor and Charles H. Lovell
who were the . witnesses to Tubbs* mar
riage by Superior- Judge Wells at Mar
tinez, have concluded not to say a word
about the affair. Taylor, like Lovell, was
one of Tubbs 1 intimate friends, and was
selected for that reason as one of the
party which made the matrimonial trip
to the Contra Costa County seat.
Young Tubbs was devoted to his mother
and she returned the affection twofold. It
was in a large measure due to a fear that
she would object to the marriage that
Tubbs compelled those who knew of his
marriage to keep It a secret. His wife
knows the situation thoroughly and her
attitude concerning the funeral is much
appreciated by the members of her hus
band's family.
FRIENDS ARE RETICENT.
I advised her not to go to the funeral simply
because the strain would be very severe upon
her under the present state of her health. But
if she decides to attend the doors of the Tubbs
home will be open to her.
The family makes no objection to the at
tendance of Mrs. Tubbs. . I much doubt that
fhe will be there, because she is in no condi
tion to leave her room. In a conversation yes
terday with Mrs. Tubbs. after the fact of /her
marriage had been disclosed, she displayed a
delicacy of feeling which very greatly im
pressed us. She said to me: "I do not know
whether I shall be able to attend the funeral,
but if I should, perhaps my presence there
would make it very much harder for his moth
er, and maybe I ought to stay away, even at
the additional suffering it may entail upon me."
Herman Tubbs' will is in the possession
of his attorney and i intimate friend,
Charles H. Lovell, who drew the docu
ment. Lovell says the testament will be
read after the funeral and until that time
he will give no information concerning
its provisions, except to say that his client
and friend made ample provision for Mrs.
Tubbs. It is understood that Tubbs has
confirmed In, his. will a gift of the Sausa
lito villa he erected and presented to his
wife some time before his death. Further,
Mrs.- Tubbs is provided with ample income
to "keep up the establishment at Sausalito,
where she . and her husband had made
their home. . , . ¦ . :
MAY NOT ATTEND FUNERAL..
Whether the widow will be in attend
ance at her husband's funeral fronv ttfe
Tubbs -home in East - Oakland to-morrow
afternoon is a matter resting solely with
herself.. Since -the accident in which
young Tubbs lost his life Mrs. Tubbs has
been confined to her bed under a surgeon's
care, with a trained nurse with her con
stantly. Her physical condition may pre
vent her from attending the services.
There Is no objection, now that the fam
ily has been assured of the marriage, to
the presence of Mrs. , Tubbs at the fun
eral. Upon that subject E. M. Hall Jr.,
who has charge of the funeral arrange
ments, said: :
The above statement. - made to-day by
E. M. Hall Jr., a brother-in-law of the
late Oakland capitalist, whose death re
vealed the secret of his marriage last
January at Martinez to Mrs. Alice Jef
freys, formerly Miss Meader of Oakland.
The declaration is sustained by other
members of the. Tubbs family. It ef
fectively disposes of idle rumor and gos
sip, aroused by. the. discovery that\.Her
man Tubbs leaves a wife to mourn hi3
sudden death at Sausalito on Monday
"There .will be no obstacle placed in the
way of the disposition of Herman Tubbs'
estate according to the provisions of his
will, so far as_the members of his family
are concerned^On .the. contrary, ! as soon
as the document is read, we shall be ready
to lend our "assistance to the widow in
arranging her affairs."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 18.
June 13 — Charles F. Harvey of Sacramento,
southeast quarter of the southwest quarter of
aection 29, and the northeast quarter of
the northeast quarter of section 31, and the
north half of the northwest quarter of section
32, Township 5. Range 17. containing 160 »cr«a.
located in Tuolumne County.
June 13 — Frank ilott of Sacramento, south
east quarter of section 9, Township 6, Range
17. containing 160 acres, located In Tuolumne
County.
June 13 — Thomas J. O'Connor of Sacramento,
northwest quarter of section 12. TownshiD 5,
Range 17, containing 16U acres, located In Tu
olumne County.
June 13 — IIoDe M. Mobley of Sacramento,
south half of the northeast quarter and ths
north half of the southeast quarter of section
4, Township 5. Range 17, containing 160 acres,
located in Tuolumne County.
June 13 — Nathan I* Leslie of Sacramento,
northwest quarter of the northeast quarter and
the north half of the southwest quarter and tha
southwest quarter of the southwest quarter of
section 3, Township 5. Range 17. containing 160
acres, located in Tuolumne County.
June 13 — Jerry Haley of Sacramento, «outh
east quarter of the northwest quarter and th?
northeast quarter of the southwest quarter and
the west half of the southwest quarter of sec
tion 15. Township 5. Range 17. containing 160
acres, located in Tuolumne County.
June 13 — John Villa of Sacramento, south
west quarter of the northwest quarter and th»
north half of the northwest quarter, and the
northwest quarter of the northeast quarter la
section 27, Township 5, Range 17. containing
160 acres, located in Tuolumne County.
June 13 — Joseph A. McDermott of Sacramen
to, west half of the southeast quarter "and tha
east half of the southwest quarter of section
21. Township 5. Range 17. containing 160 acres,
located in Tuolumne County.
June 13 — John R. Smith of Sacramento, west
half of southeast quarter of the east half of
the southwest quarter of the east half of the
southwest quarter of section 32. Township 5.
Range 17, containing 160 acres, located ia
Tuolumne County.
June 13 — John J. O*DonneU of Sacramento,
southeast quarter of section 12, Town3hia 6,
Range 16. containing 160 acres, located in Cala
veras and Tuolumne counties.
June 13 — Edward J. Ross of Sacramento,
south half of the southwest quarter of section
12, and the northwest quarter of the north
west quarter of section 13, and the northeast
quarter of the northeast quarter of section 14,
Township 6, Range 16, containing 160 acres. lo
cated in Calaveras and Tuolumne counties.
June 13 — George F.- Cryer of Sacramento,
south half of southeast quarter, and the north
east quarter of the southeast quarter, and the
southeast quarter of the northeast quarter o£
section 14, Township *J, Range lt>, containing
160 acres, located in Calaveras and Tuolumna
counties.
June 13 — John O'Brien of Sacramento, south
east quarter of northeast quarter and the north
east quarter of southeast quarter of section £!,
and the west half of the northwest quarter of
section 23, Township tf. Range 16. containing
160 acres, located in Calaveraa and Tuolumna
counties.
June 13 — Owen McCabe of Sacramento,
northeast quarter of section 27. Township e.
Range 1G, containing- 160 acres, located in Cala
veraa and Tuolumne counties.
June 13 — Archie Calvin of Sacramento, south
half of northwest quarter and south half of
northeast quarter of section 35, Township 6,
Range 16, containing 160 acres, located la Cala
veras and Tuolumne counties.
June 13 — Maurice Connor of Sacramento,
south half of northwest quarter and south half
of northeast quarter of section 2tJ, Township tJ,
Range 16, containing 160 acres, located in Cala
veras and Tuolumne counties.
SACRAMENTO, June lS.-^-It Is probable
that the head officials of the United
States Land Offlce at Washington will
cause an investigation to be made of the
charges brought by the Bee on Monday
of this week, and repeated with particu
lars last night and to-night, against the
manner In which applications have been
made for several thousand acres of valu
able Government land in this State. 'The
paper has asked the department at
Washington not to proceed with the per
fection of the applications until the
fraudulent manner in which they were
obtained has become the subject of thor
ough investigation.
Owen McCabe, one of the claimants re
ferred to, admitted this afternoon that
he had been paid $4 by an employment
agent named Summerfield for his ser
vices. Charle3 Hill declares he was en
gaged by H. M. Van Annan of Oakland
to engage a number of claimanta at 13
each and that he. and Summerfield sent
up sixteen of them last week; that they
eftcacted from, them a fee of $1 each in
one of the rooms of the Governmtnt land
offlce. Hill declares he was also well
paid for his trouble by Van Arman.
The list containing the alleged fraudu
lent applications follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RAILROAD MEN
AGREE TO STRIKE
Mrs. -McLure was the divorced wife of
L. E. Overhouse at the time of her mar
riage to McLure, which occurred about six
years ago. There are no children. Mrs.
McLure is a member of a prominent
Western Tolo family.
Confirmation was not lacking that the
two had planned to go together. The East
is now said to be their destination.
McLure has been engaged . recently in
harvesting on a neighboring farm. Last
evening he returned home to find his wife
missing. An investigation followed, and
soon it became known that Duncan had
left Capay on the afternoon train; that
Mrs. McLure had bought a ticket. for San
Francisco for the same train.
¦ I McLure did not pay the entire purchase
price at the time' of the sale; but a few
days ago pafd the balance, and Duncan is
known to have had several thousand dol
lars in his possession at the time of his
disappearance from his accustomed
haunts.
Duncan's home had been in Western
Yolo, where his father had accumulated
considerable property, and thither he
went after leaving his wife. On October
23, 1901, a little more than a week after
his r marriage, he sold his patrimony, a
farm, to B. E. McLure and took up his
residence with the purchaser and his
wife. : •-¦¦¦¦- . • - -.-.,
On October 14, 1901, Miss Vernie Knight,
a student in the Woodland Business Col
lege, accompanied Walter G. Duncan to
Sacramento and on that day the two were
married. This was Duncan's second mat
rimonial venture. Mrs. Sarah Knight,
mother of the bride, was said to have
disapproved of her daughter's marriage at
so early an age, and the affair was usu
ally spoken of as an elopement.
The young couple returned to Cachc
ville,: the home of the bride's mother,
after a short honeymoon spent in San
Francisco. Duncan departed on the nexz
train, the leport ' goes, and the couple
have since lived apart.
WOODLAND, June 18.— A woman who,
up to yesterday, had been living In appar
ent content with her husband, and a man
who deserted his young wife almost at
the altar, are named as principals in a
scandal at Capay. Walter G. Duncan is
the man Involved; Mrs. B. E. McLure the
woman.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
After the entertainment the flqpr was
cleared as quickly as possible and at 11:30
o'clock dancing was begun. The ball
lasted until the early hours this morning.
For the second part of the programme
there were specialties from the Orpheum
circuit and a new change was rung in on
the Florodora racket. - ;
Will H. Brown, the basso, proved an
Ideal Interlocutor and Elton Lambert,
Jack Holland, E. B. Jewell and C. F.
Oliver pleased the audience with their
endman jokes and songs. Peter Dun
worth, Fred Everett, J. W. Fisher and
H. B. Barbee s"ang solos. Will H. Brown
evoked much applause with his solo, "Be
yond the Gates of Paradise."
The worthy president, Charles G.
Nagle, made the first hit of the evening
when he asked the ladies to take their
hats off. A little later he failed to score
when he tried to get "the boys" to stand
up and sing a jingle about the proposed
Eagles' Fourth of July excursion to
Napa, for few stood up and fewer sang.
But he made good later by a speech about
the aerie, .the ball and the excursion.
The hall was decorated with bunting
and the stars and stripes. Two huge
eagles in graceful poise rested at either
side of the stage, handsome emblems of
the order.
There was some standing room left over
at the minstrel entertainment and ball
! given by the Eagles at Odd Fellows' Hall
last night, but no seats were unoccupied,
I and whether standing or sitting, no one was.
I sorry to be there. The end men had new
j Jokes and some old ones furbished up for
the occasion; the singers were in good
voice and the Eagle hosts were In their
most affable mood.
After the address the audience crowded
upon the stand to shake Mayor Schmitz's
hand. Afterward the local Aerie of Eagles
t-ntertained Mayor Sehmitz at its lodge
rooms.
Mayor Sehmitz said that he did not be
lieve wage earners should unite simply
for political reasons, but that he did be
lieve politics to be one of the most im
portant questions for them to consider.
The wage earners, he said, must look to
the Government for representation and
¦when they began to settle their difficulties
¦with ballots instead of bullets they would
receive the representation they deserved.
"Bring the employer and the employe
close together and you will have very few
strikes," said the Speaker.
Mayor Sehmitz spoke briefly and sim
ply; lie compared the two recent strikes
in San Francisco and commented on the
difference in results. He said that nearly
all the troubles between capital and la
bor were caused by misunderstandings.
STOCKTON, Juno IS.— Mayor Eugene E.
Sehmitz of San Francisco addressed 6000
union men and their wives in the Masonic
Hall in this city to-night. In introducing
ihe speaker Attorney C H. Fairall, presi
dent of the evening, .said . he was the
Mayor of Saa Francisco and the next
Governor of California, This prophecy
-was greeted with wild cheers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Agent of an Employment
Bureau Admits Hiring of
Claimanta
Dead Capitalist's Relatives
Ready to Abide by the
Document.
Walter G. Duncan and Mrs.
B. E. McLure Depart
Together.
Minstrel Entertainment and
Ball Prove Highly Suc
cessful.
He Is Fresented to Them as
the Next Governor of
California.
Alleged Frauds at Sac
ramento to Be In
-; vestigated.
Friends of San Fran
c sco : Aerie Crowd
Odd Fellows' Hall.
Union Men of Stockton
Hail the San Fran
ciscan.
'Capay Man Deserts His
Bride for the Wife
of a Friend.
¦•...•
Raises No Objection to
.Widow's Bequests in
the Will.
CAUSES SORROW
IN TWO HOMES
TUBBS' FAMILY
MAKES NO CLAIM
EAGLES SHINE
IN BLACK FACE
THOUSANDS HEAR
MAYOR SCHMITZ
FEDERAL INQUIRY
INTO LAND DEALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 19, 1902.
Eleventh District Representatives Elect Del
egates to Head Cam p Session.
WOODMEN HOLD THEIR
BIENNIAL CONVENTION
9
GEAFE-NTJTS.
UP IN MINNESOTA
The Women Know How.
. Food, and good food, is the right kind
of foundation to build good health on. A
Minnesota woman writes; "I thought I
would like to tell you of the good Grape
Nuts has done for me.
"Last winter I got sick and kept getting
weaker and weaker. I could not eat any-
thing but some crackers and a little cup
of beef tea for every meal, then I was
put on Grape-Nuts and used it with some
cream for breakfast. My stomach got
strong gradually and before I had used
three packages my digestion was so good
that I could eat any kind of food, even
cabbage, pastry, etc., and I ritotlce that
my memory is very much better than it
used to be.
"On the 5th of July I weighed 102 pounds
end two months later, after using Grape-
Nuts, I weighed 122 pounds and was able
•to do my housework.
"This is a good honest statement of facts
about Grape-Nuts and you can publish
my name if you like." Mrs. E. Fredrick-
eon, Center City, Minn.
Delicious recipes for warm weather
dessert* in each package of Grape-Nuts, jTHE^SAN EiEtANeiSCO CA:EL; THURSDAY, JUKE 19, 1902.
We arc. selling agents for the Water
rr.ar Ideal and' the Swan fountain pens,
and eole agents for the Marshall, the best
Tl pen in the world. Sanbcrn, V_U & Co.,
W. Market «treeU . ' -IT •-
Fountain Fens.
Wong attended the Clement School
from July 22, 1901, until March 1. 1M2, on
which latter date the defendants refused
to permit him to attend any longer, on
the ground that he was of Chinese de
scent. Th'i complaint asks for an injunc
tion restraining the defendants from ex
cluding Wong from the white schools un
1:1 the ca^e shall have been adjudicated.
¦ The complaint avers that negroes, In
dians and Japanese are admitted into the.
public schools, and that no separate
PchoolE have been established in San
Francisco for any race or nationality
other than for children of Chinese
parents, and that such race discrimina
tion 1% arbitrary and the result of hatre-1
for the Chinese race.
• An4 Also to establish separate schools for
'•laidren of Mongolian or Chfne»<» descent.
vAif-n surh FTarate schools are established
<:hine»6 or Monsolian children must not be
admitted in oth«>r schools. <In effect March"
1S%5.)
The complaint alleges that section 1W>
of the Political Code of California con
flicts Tvith section 1 of the fourteenth
amendment to the constitution of the
United States, in that it denies the equal
protection of the laws to citizens of Chi
nese de^oent. Section 1662 provide"
cmong other things:
Tho complaint is brought on behalf of
Henry "Wong Him. an ll-year-ol:l native
American, by his father. Wong Him a
Fubject of the Emperor of China and a
taxpayer and resident of San Francisco
The defendants are Mary E. Callahan
end the San Francisco Board of Educa
tion.
Attorney George D. Collins filed a com
plaint in the United States Circuit Court
yesterday ivhich he believes will cause
tht Board of Education to abolish the
Chinese public school and admit children
of Chinese descent to all the privileges
of the public schools.
Say They Are Entitled
to Intermingle With
Whites.
Now is the . time to take
your camera -with you on your
vacation trip — but before you
go be sure to read the first of
the series of "Photographic
Hints for Amateur Photog
raphers" that will appear in
next Sunday's Call, and in
stead of failures you will havs
some good photographs as
souvenirs.
CHINESE PUPILS
DEMAND RIGHTS
Thomas O'Conr.ell was appointod janitor
of th#» Franklin Grammar School, ' vice
Avrust Schlyo, rpsigned.
Henry Vliier was appointed janitor of
i!i«* Humboldt Primary School. vjc<; E<J
vard NV-llmaii. rcsicned.
Mjys JxiulFe Bartlett was appointed a
Eiibetltnte teacher In cooking, vice Miss
E. Bartlf-tt. r*»s:frn<?d.
J wish to Ftat«- that tlie teaching of modern
lnujrua^e* in this department, especially In
hipli s- lir-ols, is not pl\en t_* attention that
the j in ports n<:e demands. The study of these
language for B period of two years in the
high BL'twula is not adequate.
It "is my judgment that the larger grammar
Khoota should not nnly be provided with a
rice prinr-ipal but that one of the teachers
be desigrnatp-i as a yard assistant to
take cliai-fte of tlie girls' yard rvith extra com
pensation. In fa^t it would be well in all
¦cbooU having pight or more classes to desig
nate such an assistant. This would result in
ut:tferm and improved yard discipline. At the
large grammar hchools it is impossible for a
principal to have charge of a yard at inter-
E-.isMons and lipfore school and to attend to
the many demands? that are made upon his
liircc and attention by pupils and visitors.
Tho Superintendent says provision
should be made for an additional class at
the M«-nroe School for the coming year,
ai)<5 continues:
That a new building be provided for the
Bersrtrot School <">n the eehool lot i-ituated near
thp present rented site of the school. A new
building «~>r additional class-rooms should be
provMed for the Sutra School. That at the
i^efayette School additional accommodations
bp provided. On the occasion of my visit to
this school and to the Garfleld, I found an
enrollment. an attendance and a waiting lirt
beyond th<» capacity of the school.
PEOPOSES NEW BUILDING.
That the Laguna Honda School be provided
with at least two additional class-rooms, to be
itady for occupancy at the opening of the
next" term. It is the intention of the Board of
Education. I am informed, to provide the cit
izens of the Sunset District (Laguna Honda
School) with an eight or twelve class-room
liuilding ia the event the Supervisors make
the special levy for building school houses.
2 1 is to be earnestly hoped that the gentlemen
at the board will be able to consummate this
improvement.
That when the board can afford to do so, a
new building be provided for the accommoda
tion of pupils attending the Marshall School.
The class-rooms srenera.il>- at this school were
fr.uiirl cro«d«L The building is old and un
sightly. 1 xiat an addition of at least four
class-rooms be made to the Sherman Primary
School to accommodate the' pupils now occupy
ing small and improper rooms and those ad
ditional pupils who will desire to be received
in the school during the coming year.
Superintendent Webster filed his mopth
ly report on school Inspection during the
last month, in which he states that he
does not find insinuated incompetency in
the department justified. Webster makes
tne following recommendations:
fourth. That as far as practicable there be
but on? grade assigned to a teacher and that
its instruction in two divisions be optional.
A teacher's time is so fully occupied in con
ducting recitations in two divisions that in
dividual instruction and assistance is rendered
well nigh impossible; thus one of the most
important factors in the advancement of slow
er pupi!s is eliminated. Again, children can
not concentrate their thoughts upon their
studies while others are reciting. The etudy
period should be one in which general quiet
prevails, during which time the teacher can
render individual assistance.
Fifth, That promotion be annual.
Sixth. That report cards be issued monthly
to delinquents; otherwise, quarterly.
Superintendent Webster submitted to
life Board of Education yesterday a list
of amendments to the limitations in the
schedule of work set forth in the present
course cf study Icr the elementary public
schools. The modifications are in accord
ance with the urgent petition of teachers
ms.Ce In ihe grade meetings held during
the last term. Webster recommends that
work in spelling be diminished and made
definite and that the lists of words select
eo be printed, grade for grade, for the use
of rupUs- Webster also suggests that the
course of study be rewritten and makes
the following" recommendations, which
ucre taken under advisement by the
board:
First That in accordance with law pro
viding "that if subjects of study not epcclned
by statute to tjs taught are required by a
Uumi of Education, they must be studied in
i'eu ci statutory btudies, nature study and
ubj-fciologv be omitted for manual training,
and tar the s=rune reason that work in draw
ing be decreased or correlated with manual
training Owing to the time consumed in go
i-_ to and returning from the manual train
ir* laboratories ana to their .limited accom
modations, in some cases as much as three
hours per week is being expended on the sul»
jecf it is recommended that arrangements
be made so that all boys of a class may be
cent to a laboratory at the same hour and
further that when the boys are at manual
training lessons the £irls may be receiving
instruction in cooking.
JSecoud That the course of study In drawing
be din.iniElied in its exactions by the Super
visor of that subject.
Third. That the subject of sewing be dis
continued.
ONE GEADE TO A TEACHER.
A new build! nz of twelve classes to take
the place of the present small school and tc
accommodate the overflow classes, to be lo
cated on the present site of the Monroe School.
The estimated cost of building Is $35,000.
Total cost of buildings, $319,000.
A new school to take the place of the
present Sheridan School at Ocean View
is also greatly needed. A playground for
the Xorth Beach district Is also required.
Superintendent Webster indorsed the
recommendations of the Directors, with
the suggestion that the Washington
School be the first to be built and the
Spring Valley School the next. Webster
thought the McKinley School might be
dispensed with, but the Directors dis
agreed with him. v
Supervisor Alpers objected to building
a schoolhouse on the site selected by the
Beard of Education in the Sunnyside dis
trict. Alpers claimed that the site is not
centrally located and is unsanitary be
cause there is no sewer in the locality.
He objected to the board paying $5300 for
the lot when the price first asked was
only $3500.
The committee finally agreed to report
in favor of the recommendations made by
the Board of Education.-
A new modern brick building of sixteen
classes^ to be erected on the present site of
the Washington Grammar School, to be called
the Washington Grammar School. Additional
land win be needed for children's playground.
The estimated cost of building and land Is
195.000.
President Dcnman then submitted a list
of eight new schoolhouses decided on by
his board as the most urgently needed.
They are as follows:
A new school of twelve rooms to be called
the Noe Valley School, to be erected on a lot
belonging to the city and county at the corner
of Twenty-fourth and Douglass streets. The
estimated cost of building, with grading, etc.,
is K4U,CCu. <
A new school of twelve classes to be called
the McKinley School, to relieve the overflow
class.es of the Hearst, Everett, Douglass and
Crocker schools. The estimated cost of the lot
is $20,000 and cost of building $35,000. .
A new school of eight classes in Sunnyside
district. The estimated cost of lot is $6000
aftd of the buildinjr .$24,000. •
A new school of eight classes in Richmond
District, to be erected on a school lot which is
the proi.erty of this city and county. The
estimated cost of building is $24,000. -
Four new rooms are most urgently needed
to relieve Dresent overcrowding at the Sher
man School. The building is to be raised and
four rooms built on the ground floor, to cost
!j>10,COO.
A new building of twelve classes, to "be lo
cated on the present site of the Lacuna Honda
School. The estimated cost of building is $30,
000.
Supervisor D'Ancona informed the Di
rectors that the. Board of Supervisors de
sired to know just how the money raised
by a special levy is to be spent. He re
quested that a general statement of the
schoolhouses proposed to be built be fur
nished.
The Supervisors' Committee on Educa
tion held a conference yesterday with the
School Directors relative to having the
schoolhouses designed to be built under
the special levy of 7^ cents on every
$100 of assessed valuation particularly
specified before final, passage of the or
dinance imposing the tax.
Notifies Supervisors ' of Inten
tions Under Special
Tax Levy.
Recommends Additional Ac
commodations in Sev
eral Schools.
Webster Submits Plan
of Changes to Board
of Education.
Board of Education De
cides on Eight New
Buildings. ->
NEW SCHOOLHOUSES AND PROPOSED
MODIFICATIONS IN STUDY COURSE.
10
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling.
: . AT
golf, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching from the hotel
throughout the valley.
GEORGE P. SNELI/. Manager.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
PASO ROBLES H
•a— sv *** / , Nature's own selec-
FtflO / tion for a health and
____ . _ _ ___ cause of the curative
HC A ¥ TH properties of its mud
JLIJLi JrVJLf JL A A *nd rulphur baths for
rheumatism, insom-
k f\T1\ nia, gout, neuralgia.
__l>l II llver.kidney and blood
**•* diseases. Has every
T\T _3 A CTTTVEJ natural advantage for
PLEASURE ygg^s^aa:
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F., Agt
DR. G. C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. " Meals served on
the grounds at reasonable rates. Inquire of
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office 1021^ Market
St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $U per
week. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery St.,
or addrees EDSON BROS.. Beswick. Slsklyou
County. Cal. ¦
—...„.,—..—.. :: On line of Sierra Ry. ;
TURNBACK :: elevation 2553 ft.;
~^. INNf •• mos t' elegantly ap-
Tirrki iTiwM— :: Pointed hotel in the
1 UULUiMlNIS, :: mountains; stop here
CAL. • : on your way to or
: : from Yosemlte Valley
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST. BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open forguests June 12th. Said
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains," Try it and form your own opinion.
During June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
if you want to.
For folder giving full description call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN. TAHOE CITY.
CAL. . '
THE TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion. Resident physician. -.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallac. Cal.
Note — Positively no consumptives' taken.
For descrlDtlve pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau, C13 Market at.
BROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
/ OPEN JUNE 1.
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCKWAT TALLT-HO
Over our short cut. It ' meets the morning 1
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
LAKE T-.HO_:,
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates. D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON SPR9NGS
•Open June 15. Connections by stage dally
with steamer. Rates. $2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to $14 per week. D. ABBOTT, .Prop., Mc-
Kinneys, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horces at moderate hire; $2 per
day, or $10, $12, $14 per week Postofflce, tel.
A. L. Frost. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
DEER PARK INN AND COTTAGES-
»; miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place; 6507 feet elevation. Mineral springs.
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
J. B. SCCTT. Deer Park. Cal.
t^hoe irsrv,
Tahoe Cltv, one mile from new Hotel. Now open
Write for terms. MRS. VADE BRTSON, prop.
TRUCKEE RIVER co V Nn KX_..
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Fish-
ing unexcelled; fish hatchery. Second season.
Bend for booklet. W. C. Foulks. Verdi, Nev.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
y NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
For health and pleasure go to Napa Soda
Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful
Mapa Valley. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
and ponies and burros for children. Two .trains
laily. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Address ¦ ¦ :
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs-
BARTLETT SPRINGS. |
Here is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
RATFS Hctel $10 t« $15 p«r week. Honsj-
KA1C2. imping Cottage* $3 to UB P«r week.
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. _ N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse- .
rnents; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
"week day evening;- Tennis. Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards, Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong.
Livery. Burros; Swimming Tank. 20x80;
Hot Water Vapor, Tub, Mineral and-Ro-.
man Baths: competent Massagists: Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
• P. O.. Bartlett Springs,
Or No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
g- — o
CAMP CURRY
Arrivals, May, 1001. : 80
Arrivals, May. 1902. 202
Office, Peck's Information , Bureau,
11 Montgomery st. . .
YOSEMITE.
ftyronjiot Springs
•8^ CONTRA COSTA CO.. CAL.
New Hotel. Magnificent appointments.
Rooms en suite, with mineral baths connect-
ed; sure cure for Rheumatism and Malaria.
Only 3 hours' ride, S. P. R. R.. 9 a. m .,
5 p. m. ; no staging. Address MANAGER
LEWIS. Byron Hot Springs. Cal. Call on
LOMBARD _ CO., 36 Geary St., city.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburon ferry. 7:30 a. — 1.. 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR HENSLEE. 807 Sutter *t. Phon*
gutter -2371. 11 Montgomery St., or A. V.
MORSE. Lytton. Sonoma County. Cal. - ,
f\ ¦ || 1 Napa County. The most
XT HOI 0n0 charming spot In Callfor-
_l. nnlnlln nia. Ideal for a summer
Wll BIUIUIIU vacat i on . Drives over
picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good hotels.
Summer resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until .Monday,
$2. 60. Take boat foot of Market street. 7:30
a. m. and 4 p. m. • ¦ .
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Beating, Bathing. Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, - mineral spring?. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Midlak*
P. O.. Lake County, or call at office ot C. N*.
W. R. R. Co.. 650 Market st.
HOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH _ MUL-
LER, St. Helena, Cal.
TkA-fT<if/l/»riMOri lBth e heart of the Sant*
ROWarClCIlMIl Croz Mountain., vet
near enough to the ocean
for a daily salt water swim. Redwoods and tra breezes
—a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.
Peck's Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery Street,
S. F.,or B. Dickinson, Lefsee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel in Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. O. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncans Mills. Cal. For
information and rates inquire of Feck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St.. or write R. C. Cal-
liour., Proprietor. . .
OWN A _OME IN n 1 g& ! -CANP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
d«pot, store, postofflce. Sausalito ferry, $3
rcund trip. Address M. C, MEEKER, Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
H ri itel Continuous
ISSr^i «--
„ ,P-£?£v-. Fine to-day
fflATEO. an( j
CZf\f~' To-morro~.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mts. ;
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate: swimming and all sport*: table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. E. H. GOODMAN, Manager.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State; fine hotel and flret-claM
table- rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hcpland, Mendoclno Co.. Cal.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howell Mountain; Hltitude '_'0uo fet-t: air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; daily
mail; croquet: reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $S per week. A\rite
MRS. J. H. OOETSCHE. Angwln, Cal.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Slsson. Address H. McQuinness, Prop.
EL MOifTE HOTEI.. Sisson. Cal. _ Exp*.
rlenced euiJes at hotel. . ;
"THE GROVE,"
Lake Tahoe, half mile cast of Tallac. Rates,
\2 per dav. $9 per week; meals, BCc; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery; boats free tc
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. P., Cal. ¦ ¦ ¦
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and ful!
information at Peck's. 11 Montgomery St., 01
R. R. office. 650 Market, or John Martens,
Bachelor P. O^. Lake Co.. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME. '
At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point in Sants
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur
passed. Stage at Madrone . Monday, . Wed. an<
Bat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. daily. Send fo:
aouvenlr. VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cal.. Prop
SUMMER RESORT,
Among the Pine Hills; altitude 2024 feet; $
per week; first-class accommodation. Befo*
going elswhere write to CHAS. GROTTIAN
Applegate. Placer County, Cal. " '
flMONG THE PINES.
Altitude 2024 feet; plenty of cream.' fimit, 1 etc
near P. O. ;>home cooking; L. D. phone; n>
consumptive*. Address ROBERT F. WARHAM
Applegate. Placer County. . California.
TROUT FISHING. V
Best in State at BOCA, CAL.
For Information address Bocu Hot-!. Boca
Hev. Co., Cal.. «a TRUCKEE RIYEfW ..
"Whilst It Is true that we are not "In
business for our health." It Is true that
•we are "In business for your health."
"We afford you the opportunity to visit
Nature's Physician and dwell with him.
He lives In our valleys, our foothills, our
mountain ranges and canyons, along our
streams and on the shores of our Iake3.
Visit him. The expense Is not .great,
which you will learn by reading
"VACATION, 1902."/
This little book, "Vacation, 1902," Issued
by the California Northwestern Bail-
way Companv. gives complete Informa-
tion for any kind of an outing.*
To be had at Ticket offices of company.
650 Market street (Chronicle Building).
" and Tiburon Ferry, or at the General
Office, Mutual Life Building, corner
Sansome and California streets. Call or
write for .a copy.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
K. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
MEDICAL SPRINGS,
CERTAIN CURE FOB STOMACH, LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders in all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading physicians. . Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N . V.". K. R. ; stage from Ukiah.
Call or address • • ¦-'.•
WITTER P.O., Lake Co..Ca!.
Main office and water depot. 916 Market
street, room 61. city.
• R. McCORMICK. Manager.
V THE seaside resort of Central California i
I — enlarged,improved— per day £2 upwards 1
B — *ne orchestra — now open, send for I
g booklet. Address for hotel, R. M. Briar*. |
I. For cottages, F. Reanier, Cjpitola, Cal. I
HOTEL GENEVA
AND COTTAGES,
SAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from _.• city.
Most beautiful location and marine view. An
unexcelled summer and winter resort. Table and
service of the best. W. G. GRAHAM. Prop.
g;l; TOCALOMA M £g. IN
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates Tor families and parties: fUh-
Insr. bathing;' beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND. or
Bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m.
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY. .
J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
Leach). Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove":
new management: all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR. Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal. -.-:¦;:
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, in an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office. 2a
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMO^3,
Truckee. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F.. 2% hours; 5 nulss
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; euro rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, Uver, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing.
Dancing pavilion. $10 a '"week and up. Free
bus to guests. M. MADRID, Vallejo. CaL
JOHANNISBERC.
IN THE NAPA RKDWOLHJS; NEW HOTEL;
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting,
fishing, swimming and boating: terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR prop.. Oakvllle. Napa County, or Peck'u
Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.
*T ; '
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home. Sonoma. Will meet guests.
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives;
swimming; fruits: $5 per week.. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER. Sonoma. Sonoma County. Cal.
WHITE SVLftiUR SPRfflCS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
tive cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains: Board. Including baths. $S
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena. Cal. ¦ . '
__X_t_______|N THE SIERRAS
near Colias on C.-l*. K. U. K!ev:itiou ]ust ri^ht —
SHOft.— I3t» miles from Sun Vt. Nor*ta;»ing; good
i.abIe;fln<-KtRcunery, water, air, fruir. and climate.
Ideal forests and sroun-.ls t&00« week. Send foi
booklet Orchard Springs, Coirax. Cal
THE GEYSERS.
(Sonoma County). New management: rooms
plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
new, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
round; white help only; best livery; cooking
specially *upervised by manager. See pamphlet.
NEVADA CITY.
The land of mines, pines ana sunshine. Na-
tional Hotel and Annex. Matchless climate,
: mountain scenery, pine groves, famous gold
: mines. Perfect accommodations. ' Reasonable
: rates. _. __^
• HffcRFRfVS Among tha Pine- Mountains.
I IBVft»t-i%\» «-» California's choicest climate.
'• The place to enjoy the country. Bowling, swim-
'¦ mlns, croquet, hunting, fishing and the best of
J nif aly. Rates SS per week.. For further Infor-
1 mation inquire 10 Montgomery, st.. or Hoberg's.
t Lake County. MRS. M. HOBERG. Prop.
I CORONADO TENT CITY I
§ V Coronado Beach, Cal. |
S BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, g
| i GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE, g
I , ; PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING 8
8 «nd all other amusements, with one of the finest bands in the West and several fin» «
Q orchestras. Economical, comfortable and amusing. _ . g
5 Round trip tickets from Sen Francisco now on sale att _ X
Q Atchison, Topeka _ Santa Fe Ry. Co.,' 641 Market St $24.30 »
X Southern Pacific Ry. Co... 813 Market St.... .....$24.5O S
8' ¦ Pacific Coast S.S. Co., 4 New Montgomery St...... ?23.OO 8
0 ¦ . Including berth, and meals. 8
« Ground and water rent free for one month with above tickets. g
6 • Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets O
8 over the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or. Pacific Coast Steamship Co. are not S
« charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this, 8
8 as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer of g
W ICO pounds of baggage. . . . g
8 Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion £
8 tickets, will have to pay 8I.5O per month ground rent, which includes tfreo o
8 use of water. ,- ' -;; 8
S Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings at the following- 8
g prices per week ifor the month of June 50 per cent discount): ; g
X Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress, *$1 25; cot, single, 25c; spring C>
« cot, double, 60c; mattress, single, 2Cc; double. 50c; pillows. 23c; blaaketv «
« 2&c; comforters, 20c; table, 25c; campstool. 10c; chalra, 35c; rocking : chairs, 30c; 8
8 gaeoline stoves, COc; oil stoves, 25c; washstaads, complete, 85c;' cooking utenails for 8
" three persons, 75c; lamp, with oil, 25c. , , . . M
g Prices per month double the weekly rates. , ' : ' Q
%* ' Furnished tent for one . Dersoa.' $12 per month. For two persons, $20. and each &
Q additional person. $5 per month. /.Furnished tent comprises beds, bedding, tables. «
S ' wash etandu rocking folding and camp chairs, clean linen, towel3, water, daily care g
8 .' of tent, and laundry of.tent linen. Tents 'electric lighted. Perfect sewerage. g
Q . For pamphlets and full particulars call on ) &
§ ..'* PECK'S TOURIST BUREAU, U Montgomery St., San Francisco, Ca!, |
Adams
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
Tor stomach. liver and kidney trouble*,,
positive cure for constipation. New Itltehem
a.nd dining-room, under the supervision of Cari
Raymond and Hans Mortensin and assistant*.
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Flv» n«i»
houses. Room for all. We have more testi-
monials from people cured than all qthet
springs combined.
For further particulars and printed matte*
at Travelers' Information Bureau, 20 Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco.
DR. W. R. PRATHEB.
Adams Springs.
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mils
From Big Trae Grove.
Buy ticket to Camous Station. For partlci-
Iars and booklet write THOS. L. BSLL. P. O..
Felton, Cal. Opens June 1st.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGS
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumn*
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teaciiers and
parties. Staging "2% hours" first afternoon and
9 hours next (Jay, arriving at Yosemlte Vallsy
5 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE. Gen'l. Agent. 630 Market st.. opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F.: tel. Black 3571.
PARAISO SPRINGS.
The leading summer and winter resort of th9
State. Send for beautiful booklet to F. "W.
SCHROEDER. Mgr.. or call at City Agent, IX
Montgomery st. ¦
SOLID C031ICRT HOME KS.f&o'S:
altitude. No fog; clim%Me delightful. Large or-
chard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold baths. Spnnc
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stag*
meets train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa. Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRING3
STAGE LINE— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains
at Hopland. I«cave Hopland at 12:30; arrivs a:
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:30. New C-horse 14-tasser.ser tourist wa<on».
made to order for th:s stays line, with all tin
most modern Improvements. Passenarera to*
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for ticket* by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tickets can km
had at office Cal. Northwestern By.. 620 Mar-
ket St., or at Tiburon Ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprletora.
1/fCFY SPRINGS— 3 mUes from Uklah.
T Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters,
champagce baths. Only place In the world ot
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs tw
tubs. Lovely grounds, flshln?. hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first-class.
J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. Props.
BEAUTIFUL, CAMP MEEKER — Ono of Cal-
ifornia's most romantic spots: cottages anil
rooms newly furnished; restaurant remodeled;
under new management: t?rnis $G per week;
boating, bathing and other amusements: ta_»
Sausalito f*rry; lots for sale. $10 up. Address
H. M. GREGSON. sole proprietor.
RICHARDSON'S SPKTNGS — T • n
¦VmUes from Chlco, Cal. Ncted for being a
rure cure for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison cak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Ch'.co. Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable In Laa«»
Co.; contain sulphur, iron, magnesia and
¦ arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; net*
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court int
t'llllard room. Round-trip tickets. S. P. office.
$8. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Cruz Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $S ac4
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 50. Call at
Travelers' Bureau. 20 Montgomery st.. or ad-
dress M^Sr-COX. Laurel. Santa C-us Co.
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE— Near tha
ocean. Fishinsr. only Mt. trout stream ia
county. Long distance phone. $2 per day. C.
P. MOSCONI. Prop.. Purisslma, San Mateo
Co., Cal.
T^ SAN FRANCISCO RANCH O—THI3
homelike resort is located In tha Sar.t.-*
Cruz Mountains, 6 miles from Capltola. Goorj
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB. Soquel. Cal. :
Mountain View Ranch — Hotel, cottages,
well-known table. Phone, swimming, daily
mail: campers to GlenwQpd. Including carriage.
$3 75 rcund trip. F. R. DANN. Santa Cruz.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, the best re-
sort in Sonoma County. Open all year
round. Rates, $8 to $t2. Take Tiburon ferry.
Bus meets all trains. E. KAWE3, Santa Ito.;«.
WILLOW RANCH— Quiet foothill ranch. 3
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful horn*
in redwoods: abundant fruit: good table; $t> M
per wk. MRS. WM. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz.
ATSntf AT>AT.T3 FARM. SANTA CRUa
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur.
lAshed or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
JF, SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Pcstofflcev CM.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. Saa
Jose, Cal.— One of the best equipped on tli«
coast. Every variety of water treatment. elec»
tricity. massage. X-ray. Write for Uteratur*.
BELLKVUE HOTEL— El Vorano. Socom*
County. Cal. Terms. $1 00 per day ant
upv.-ard. Long distance * telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouatlhardou. Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and coUajrcs: 75 rmi i
Santa Cruz. Ca!. Near B<jaeh. Rates to
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free. bus. Ixins: dist. phone. Fred Barson. Prop.
KLVG'S RANCH — Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redtvoods.
Hunting. flshinK. Terms, $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
LA MAISON T.AHITIENXE— rrivate resl-
1f>ncc; homo cooking: borrif?. & rream; term.*
reasble. Bos 204. KruHvale. Alatneda Co.. Cal.
QISSON TAVERN. n?ar Mt. Sh^ta. Par-
'O ticulars -"Information Bureau." '20 Mont-
gomery St.. or MRS. L. M. SIS3ON. Sis on. CaL
BERGHEIM — Two miles from Los Gate»J
home cooking. P. DISQUE. Los Gatos. Cal.
- STAGE LINES AND LIVEEIES.
LA HONDA and PESCADEItO-^ThrougsT tivT
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's. Wurr's.
Bellvale, PIseon Ft. and Santa Cruz. Buy R.
R. tickets to Redwood City. 9 a. m. train, id
and Townsend sts. : 9:20 a. m. from San Jose.
Add. WALTER KXIGIIT. Redwood City. Cal.
Fifif F SURF F^ Uklah - Tourists, camp-
lAULC JlAOLCJers hunters. Writs to
H. A. Efdred for rates lor any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescade.-o
stage line, via Haltmoon Bay and Sai
Gregorlo. daily all year; twice a day to Hatf-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.& 4:13 p. m-
FASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND \vl_-
lita — Tourists, carocers. hunters. wrJU Ji
H. Smith. Ukiah. Smith _ Taylor. Wllllts. toe
any kind of turnout.
GILROY Fashion Livery; srood service: reas.
rates. Ofc. Gilroy Spr. stage. II. Mayoc—
SANTA CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stable*. Styl-
ish rigs. Reasonable Fries*
BiGiAi mm
ALWAYS OPEN.
The • famous health and pleasure resort pi
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER. KIDNEY. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. ' Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. . Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, P.iding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
ia Mountains or Valley. '
NOTE SPECJAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". .$10 per week
Two persons In room, "small hotel".$18 per week
Ore person- In room, "cottages". ...$11 per week
Two persons In room, "cottages". . .$20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"
•. $12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room. "MAIN HOTEL"....
$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For Illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis ot waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery." or The Traveler office,
20 Montgomery st.. or write direct to CRAIG
& WARXER. Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3^ Hours from Los Angeles.
UNRIVALED ATTRACTIONS FOR SEASON
- . • ¦ 1002. r
'Our /famous band of 25 musicians, including:
the great cornet soloist, CHARLES STREEP-
ER of St. Louis: ,
: Daily concerts June 14 to Sept. 15. Phenomv
enar fishing. World's records for rod and reel
angling. The Marine Gardens, Aquarium and
Glass Bottom Boats. Wonderful natural at-
tractions. All, outdoor sports. Increased Ho-
tel and Carnplng ; accommodations. CAMP
LIFE a, special feature. '
HOTEL METROPOLE
Enlarged, • lighted by electricity and in all
¦ • respects up to date.
GOLF, ¦ TENNIS. DANCING, all amuse-
ments. For full .information, illustrated pam-
phlets and steamer schedule apply to
PJECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU.
BANNING CO., . 11 Montgomery St.. S. F.
222 S: Spring st.,' Los ; Angeies, Cal.
CHS A O>Vn HOT springs, sono-
¦\« flffMiV - MA COUNTY: only iu,
U/lnU(/U hours from San Fran-
y / ' ¦ Cisco nnrf but 9 miles'
staging; /waters noted for medicinal virtues,;
best natural hot mineral water bath In State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall, express -and San Francisco morning and
evening papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: both morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 60. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a; m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays S a.m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. " References, any guest
of. the past seven years. Patronage of 1001
unprecedented. - Tourist- Information Bureau,
11 . Montgomery st. ; also at Traveler office, 20
Montgomery ' st.,. or of J." F. MULGREW,
Skaggs, Cal; .' ¦ •
£TNA SPRINGS, »£S. A
LADIES' MINSTRELS,
Wednesday, 11th of June.
' .'. In preparation: -
THE BABES IN THE WOODS.
LIVING EUCHRE. ,
• A booklet to- your address.
EDW. L. SANFORD, Manager.
f\ | ¦ n f\ \B Hot Springs for health and
I'll UsiV Pleasure, ; for rheumatism,
IV I I - ¦• 5 1 I kidney, liver and stomach
U> I fa, II «J B ' trouble. Water stands un-
— >— — n— — > surpassed. Trained mas-
seur. I-ong distance telephone. Trains from
Third and Townsend 9 a. m., 2:45 p. m. For
pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
-BLACK ROCK RANGE
Resort. Altitude 3000 feet,- 10,000 acres: rich
in game. Hunting reserved for . guests. 20
miles of fishing streams. Guides, livery, saddle
and pack horses. ' Mineral springs. . Hot and
cold baths. Superior accommodations. $8 to
$10 per week. .Special rates to families (cir-
cular). T. J. CROWLET, Laytonville, Mendo-
€'ino County. Cal. Peck's Information Bureau,'
] 1 Montgomery st.
AGUA CALIENTE. -
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or 8.
P. R. R. 1 Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try It. Round trip
$1 1C. Telephone; many improvements; $12
and $14. THKO. - RICHARDS, Proprietor.
Agua Caliente. Cal.
SEIGLER .SPRINBSsK-Sf-s
tk mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing, . Ping
Por.g; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave., or
Seigler Springs, Lake Co.. H. McGOWAN, prop.
LAUREL UELL,
.The Switzerland of America; largest dinlng-
; room*; new myrtle cottage; hunting, boating,
bathing, toboggan, new livery, ' tennis, bowling,
etc.: free teams to our mineral springs, 15
kinds. E.Durnan. Laurel Dell, Lake *Co., Cal.
MT. VEEDBR FAMILY RESORT.
Redwood groves. Elevation 1650 feet. No
fog. Climate delightful. All varieties fruit,
iron springs, hunting, mountain scenery, pleas-
ant home, good tabl<*. Terms reasonable. Ad-
dressJCJ/E. HOLZREITER. Napa.
. OCEAN^VliiLA.
SANTA CRUZ.
Large grounda. • Boating and bathing free.
.Free bus. Send for circular. . C. M. CLARK.
AMES <fc HARRIS
Inc.
TENTS. HAMMOCKS. FLAGS. AWNINGS.
CAMP FURNITURE.
100 Sacramento St. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. J
]
-., •* ~" COPYRIGHT
THE MAN WHO
LIKES COMFORT
as well as style don't car<> to have his
neck scraped by a paw edge collar, or
the button holes on his linen spread so
that ho cannot fasten with them. Bring t
your shirts, collars and cuffs to theU. S. I
laundry if you want, them done up in •
proper Phapc. No saw edges. •: •
A customer once a customer alwavs
at the
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave,
CA.NOV CATMAWTIC mrWinHf^
tit. S0 J^* h *SB4_SliaaBk-» a& "'^ vn&t*u
Genuine stamped C C C. Never sold in balk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
"something jast as good."
k THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Horn's
School will be open to summer
MENLO guests during June and July.
r. * ntr Superior , climate, excellent
HAKK. table: reasonable prices. Ad-
¦ dress IRA G. HOITT.
MOITT'S SGHOOI- '
fFor boys) Menlo Park, San Mateo County, Cal.
Careful supervision, perfect .climate, thorough
mental, moral and physical training. Prepares
for university or for business. Send for illus-
trated catalog. IRA G. HOITT, Ph. D.,
Principal.
HOTEL Ell MONTE,
; LOS GATOS.
Under n«w management. Now open ' for
business. Rates, $9 to $14 per week.
TiMPTiVIOD HOTEL. camp cottage*
V A ill I 1 A I L U 11 and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
Itig. telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN, Proprtstor. •1 There was nothing' new' in stocks 'yesterday,
business being dull at unchanged prices.
The savings department of the ' California
Safe Deposit and Trust Co. has declared a divi
dend for the six months ending June 30, at the
rate of 3.6 per.' cent per, annum on term de
posits, and- 3 per cent, per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes and payable July 1. .
¦The following quotations for United Railroads
of San Francisco were received, yesterday from
New York by ¦ Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. : Com
mon stock, S23 62^®2-t25: preferred, $«3 50<H
64; bonds, ?91 50@92 60; subscriptions, S101 87li
©10237%. ¦. . . ' 3
STOCK AND BOND , EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. June, 18— 2 p. ra
UNITED STATES BONDS.
SBEBt' Bid. Ask. 1 Bid \sk
4s qr coup..H0%lll% Us qr cp(new)135Ul.itf "
4s qr res....l09%110%l3a qr coup.. .107^4108
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. 01%.— . Oak W O.5s.l0S%105
Bay CPC 5a 108% — Oceanic S 5s. 97?ilOO
C C G&E Bs.105%106% Omnibus Cs: — 129
Cal-st 5s.. ..1C9 . — 1 Pac O Im 4s. 93% :.
C Costa 6s... — lllVi Pk & C H6s.l07%110
EdL&PCs.- ;-• Pk"& O ROs 125.
STOCK MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 'GO days... ." — 4 $6
Sterling Exchange,, sight -— 4 88^4
Sterling Cables .".' . . : . — 4 SOU
New.Yprk Exchange, sight..... — , 15
New 1 York' Exchange,, telegraphic ¦ — ,, yjyi.
Silver, per ounce ; .'". .:?'. .'..'. .'. . . — 52%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45^
Wheat and I Other, Grains.
WHEAT— The different market* rule as be
fore,' being generally dull nnd uninteresting.'
The only news from the East yesterday : worthy
of note, was a report, from "Chicago saying that
the Missouri crop ; was, not turning out I very
well,- and that swhere threshing had been done
the yield was only 65 per cent of that of 1901
Generally speaking,' hdweyer. the crop': is look-
Ing well.. ¦ '¦¦;• -;¦'¦ . '. ¦ ¦'..-.¦ '..
' 'In this market shipping grades were un
changed, while futures were firm.. .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10@l'lli4; mill
ing. $1 15@1'17% per ctl,- - •
CALL BOARD SALES. •'-
Informal Session— 9:15 '"o'clock-— No ' sales
"/Second Session — December — 4000 ctls Si 12
2000,'Jfl 12M>; >Iay— 2000. ?1 14%V '> ¦"< ' .* '
Regular - Morning . Session— December— 2000
ctls, $11214; May— 4000. $l.lo%".' • .
. Afternoon.' - Session — December— 2000 • ctls '
$1 J2V4-;-8W«y$l 12%. ¦ .. ' """; cll V
: BARLEY— The ; market" Is /almost: bare of
stock and prices ' are, ". naturally very firm
There were" sales yesterday' of old Feed at 07^4(2
and of new at 06c/ : both being advances over
previous quotations. Futures are dull at tho
moment." ':' : •'•¦¦•"
New Feed, 02 1 ,4<g I 95c; old Feed, 96# @07%c-
'New York Stock Market. .
NEW YORK. June 18.— Leaders of the bull
campaign in etocks made a more Impressive
demonstration to-day than at any time since
the campaign began. The market broadened
and there was an Increase of activity, the vol
ume cf dealings rising over that for any other
clay 6ince tome time before the first of the
present month. The strength In the market
¦we* pretty Rpnorally disseminated through the
railroad list, but the industrial department,
as a whole, was a conspicuous exception to the
etrer.gth prevalent elsewhere. There was lit
tle newt to account for the rielng- tendency.
The bulk cf the operations wai attributed to
the Western speculative party, which was
credited yesterday with having secured a cor
ner on the July option in corn. The distress
of the ehorts In the corn market this morning
eccmed to give added effect to the demonstra
tion in the Etock market, but the sharp reac
tion later In corn did not alter materially # the
tone of the stock market. The news of the
day was rather adverse to the rise In stocks.
Tot instance, the calling of a national con
vention of coal miners In Indianapolis must
l»e rc-carc!c<5 as Increasing the probabilities of
b. euEpencicn of work, among soft coal miners.
On what principle this news should induce an
active demand for Reading and also for the
eoft coal carriers Is not very clear. In fact.
realists* made it-?e!f effective in Reading and
wi;>cd out al! its gain. The report of too much
rs.in in the Southwest, except in a portion- of
Tc-^SlS. where it ws needed, makes it equally
difficult to account for the Etrengrth of tho
Southwestern Granrere. Nevertheless. Mis
souri' I^n^flc v.-ae tbsorbed on an enormous
' ecalc The Could rcilrocd clocks generally
were affected in BympatrtV and eepeclcJly St.
Jjouls-South western preferred, which rose 4%:
The improvement In the strategic poeltlon of
the Ojuld system and the general belief In
the comix;; formation of a central holding
Victim of the Drink Habit.
Mrs. Ella' Atigue was arrested yes
terday by Detectives Dillon and Rior-"
dan en a charge of petty lar
ceny. She is accused of stealing, a dia
mond ring valued at $20 from Mrs. Bella
Bank, 1203 Fillmore street, which • ahe
pawned in a store on Taylor street. : Mrs.
Atigue is the wife of a motor
torman and the mother of four
children. It ' is said she has been for
years a victim of the drink habit, but this
is the first time she has taken other peo
ple's property to get monev to satisfy
her craving. Her husband thinks a term
in the House of Correction may break her
of the habit.'-. • i
Fireman Ross 'Convicted.
William Ross, a non-union fireman on
the Umatilla, was tried before a Jury in
Judge ' Lawlor'a court yesterday on a.
charge of assault to murder and the Jury
brought in a . verdict of assault with a.
deadly weapon. On April 21 Ross waa at
tacked by two union firemen on board the
vesseland shot one of them. Thomas H.
Ferguson. Ross said his real name wa»
Thomas A. McQuay and produced an
honorable discharge from the Second In
fantry, with which regiment he fought at
Santiago. He will be sentenced Saturday.
Charged With Burglary.
Charles Kitchen was booked at the^Clty
Prison yesterday by Detectives Ryan and
O'Dea on a charge of burglary. He la ac- ¦
cused of breaking into the residence of
Mrs. T. Roche. 771 Sutter street, on May 29
and stealing her gold watch and chain
valued at $60, which he pawned to get
money to buy morphine. He Is also ac
cused of breaking Into the house on March
3 and stealing Mrs. Roche's we'ddlng ring,
which he also pawned.
' _ __ — •«
The twenty ' leading hotels of Londor
represent a capital of something: like
seven millions sterling. During a bus>
month they accommodate about 1S,4C(
guests every night, and find employment
for 4500 servants. ;'. •
HOTEL ABSIVAL&
CHICAGO, June 18. — Corn executed a high
and lofty tumbling feat to-day. Nerve-racking
excitement over the corner In July options ruled
the day. From the opening of the pit the Wall
street clique shuffled prices in such an aston
ishing manner that the gyrations exhibited
made yesterday's erratic ups and downs
look like ' an ordinary "smoking room
day." Every natural condition Inherent to the
pits' was ignored. It was a. battle for millions
with crafty men on each side. To-day it suited
the big manipulator to a!16w | price's to jump
skyward for a time, and then it as oddly suited
them to push them down with remarkable
rapidity. The range of July corn — an'd that
was all that was of importance on 'Change to
day — consisted of an upturn of 1% cents at the
opening, a slump of 3%c from the top price and
a slight recovery from the bottom figures. Other
pits naturally felt the influence of such pranks,
but most speculators In other commodities did
not allqw their Judgment to be marred, and in
the end July corn closed 2 cents down, July
wheat %c higher and July oats %c lower. Pro
visions closed 5c to 7%c higher. . ' -
At the start corn shorts, fearful of a repeti
tion of yesterday's rocket-like advance, bid
wildly for corn to cover their accounts. ' The
big bulls came openly Into the pit and bid
against them. In a trice July, which closed
yesterday at 67%c, made simultaneous sales at
68c and 69c. This was too good a price for
longs to withstand. Men who had loaded up
with stuff around 62 cents or under let the
crowd have in plentiful lots. The Gates clique
tried to hide Its hand, but the crowd soon
learned that it was unloading large quantities
for profits. The little shorts were content to
get out of the market with losses, even on a
declining market. It seemed to be the Inten
tion ol the big bulls then to squeeze- out the
small bulls , who had . "tailed" after. In order
to do this, stuff was thrown on the market in
big lots. Several million bushels were unloaded
on the shorts at fancy prices and a considerable
amount of longr stuff that was sold near the
opening was taken by influential parties on
the slump. Pursuing such tactics, it took, the
bull contingent a comparatively short time to
push prices down 3%c from the top price, until
July sold at 65%e. Fluctuations of ordinary
magnitude were considered ridiculously small
to-day. All traders. were nervous and excited.
The pit had practically all the Interest on the.
board. At the close July was still congested,'
but comparatively weak. .2 cents under yester
day, at ¦'65%c September waa strong early
until the July bulge, but sold off on general
liquidation. The story was going tho rounds
that September is to be given a whirl similar
to that now experienced by the nearer delivery.
At the close experienced traders did not know
what to think of the conditions. There has
been talk of 75-cent corn, but against this Is
arrayed the possibility of large contract grad
ing by private elevators. In three days 500,000
buchcls of .contract stuff has been .made.
'Weather reports were not good, and bad | news
of the crops was, coming. Receipts to-day were
219 cars, 21 of contract grade.
Wheat had a fairly active day, with a liberal
trade, but the feeling was nervous and tense in,
sympathy with the congested condition of the
corn pit. The advance In corn at the opening
had- something of a reflection , of the : advance
In wheat, and later the slump was accompanied
also by a following weakness In wheat. In the
end, however, natural conditions prevailed to
some extent. The impression gained ground
that weather conditions abroad have been. very
wet ; and cool and crops .as a result have suf -
V»'EATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hol!i*ter— Fruit &ams well.
Hanford — Peaches doing, well; apricots pood;
frair. boinr harvested.
Livprmorf — Hay tetter yield than last year,
t/jt badly mixed with oats.
Rivereide — Crops rood.
King City — Heavy fop last night; no damage;
cool north wind this afternoon.
Chico — Crops rood.
Palermo — Hay baling; begin irrigation In full
progress.
Kan .Tcse— Fruit cirps doing excellent; grain
ioir.s fine. \ r,- ¦•-
Ventura — Walnut crop promises well, earlier
a.nil heavier than last. year.
Merced — Barley fcmlng into warehouse.
Napa — Graphs and berries doing fine.
Newman — Harvest in full progress.
¦Willows — Wheat turning out well.
Clov«rdale — Vineyarcs exceedingly thrifty,
giving indications of large crops.
Colura— Grain crop turning out nicely, good
qualitv; fruit ripening fast and doing well.
Eanta. Rc£a— Crop conditions unchanged.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Section Director.
brewing, ! 97%c; ' Chevalier. . $1 20 - asked jtor
standard. '• - . • . . \
;.¦¦•!';,-¦¦..{ '; - v CALL BOARD SALES.
"Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
¦ Second Session^ — No sales. .
Regular Morning Session — No sales. .
' Afternoon ¦ Session — July, new — 4000 ctls,
85%c. -. • :. .'; "." . , • . ¦. ¦- - , ¦
OATS — New Bed sold yesterday at $1 15®
-1 18%,: several sales being reported. For new
White, to arrive,: $1 30 was . asked, but not
paid Old Oats ' continued dull and nominal.
Old Grays, $1 25@1 30; Whites, $1 30@l 35;
Milling. $1 30@l' 35; Black, $1 15@1 25; Red,
$1 15@$1 30 per ctl.
¦ CORN— The Chicago market jumped about
a' good deal again, selling from 67%c up to
69c and down to 65%c. The decline was cause-l
by the hea\-y selling of September by the Cud
ahy brokers. The Kansas weekly report said:
"Kansas will -raise the largest crop in her
history. Much^ qf the Corn is- now six feet
high." The weather continues very wet over
the major part of the Corn belt, and thousands
of acres are standing under water, with a con
tinuous rain day after day. . '
The San Francisco market is dull and un
cVsncod ' * * '''*"*' * ' '^
Large Yellow. $1 45@1 50; small round do,
$1 50@l 52%: White. $1 55@1 60.
RYE— 85@87%c per ctl. ¦
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 i>er ctl asked. r .
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $.1 50@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®3 50:
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$S@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $30
3 50. ' :
I MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 -lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye. Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25- Buckwheat" Flour, $4 50©4 75; iCracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole , Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $7 35@9; in
sacks, $6 85(38 50; Pearl Barley, $5 60; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $0 50 per 100 lbs.
• ' Hay. and'Feedstuffs.;
'Conditions under this > head remain un
changed, all markets being quiet. .
BRAN — $18 50@19 50 per ton. .
1 MIDDLINGS — $21® 24 per ton. -
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the. mill, $25@26; Job
bing $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal',- $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed' Meal, $20 50.
HAY — New la selling as follows: Wheat,
$S@9 50; Volunteer .Wild Oat, $6 50@8; Al
falfa, $9. Old is quoted as follows :
Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice do,
$!) 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat, $9@11 50; , Oat.
$8@10 50;. Alfalfa, nominal; Clover. $7@9; Vol
unteer, $6 50(SS 50; Stock,'. $6@8 per ton.' •
• STRAW— 40@50c per bale. ' ,
Beans and Seeds. |-
: Beyond a slight advance In large White
Beans there was no change yesterday, the mar-'
ket ruling quiet and Bteady.
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 10; small White, $2 40
@2 50; large White. $2 40@2 60; Pea. $3 23®
3 50; Pink, $2@2 15; Red, $2 50; Blackeye,
$5@5 10; LImas. $3 60@3 75; Red Kidneys.
$3 50®3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25©3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%@
ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@2%c;
Hemp. 3V>c per lb. •' >¦ '
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 40
@1 C5; Blackeye, $1 75Q2. .. ..
Potatoes, Onions; and Vegetables.
Receipts of new Potatoes yesterday were the
largest- thus far this season and the market
continued, easy owing to -the abundance of
poor stock which was offering freely. As usual
a few lots of fancy stock commanded a pre
mium . over the quotations, some selling at 2c
per lb. Garnet Chiles were a shade easier in
sympathy with the other varieties. Old pota
toes were unchanged and dull. . - ". *
Onions stood about the same, with supplies
more than sufficient. ...
Receipts of Tomatoes from Los Angeles an'l
Vacaville were large and the market was weak
at previously quoted prices. Those from Mis
sissippi dragged. There were a lot of poor
Peas from across the bay offering at easy
.prices,-, and some of the Asparagus came, to
hand in bad order and sold slowly. - Other veg
etables continued to bring good prices.- -
POTATOES— New Early Rose, 75c@$l In
boxes and 65@90c In sacks; Burbanks in boxes,
60c@$l 50. with some fancy higher; sacks. 65c
©$1 25- Garnet Chiles. $1@1 10; old Burbanks,
75ce*l 25; Sweets, $2 50 for Merced.
ONIONS — Australian, $2@2 25. second
hands; Sllverskins. ,75c@$l-; new Red. 45@60c
per sack; White, lc per lb.
VEGETABLES — Green- Corn, , 10@25c per
dozen; Asparagus, 75c@$2 25 per box; Rhu-.
barb,, 5Cc®$l per .box; Green Peas, 30c@$l 25.
per sack for common and* $1 50@2 for garden;
String Beans, 1%@2%c per lb and 2@
3c for Wax;" Refugee' 1 Beans, 3c per .lb;
Cabbage, 90c@$l per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
75c(g$l 25 per box or crate; Mississippi Toma
toes. $1 25 per crate; Vacaville, $1@1 25 per
box; River, 90c@$l per box; Dried Peppers, 10@
lie per lb; Carrots, $1 per sack; Cucumbers
from Marysvllle, $1@1 25 per box; bay, $2 25
per large box;- Hothouse do, 25@50c per -dozen;
Garlic,-. 2@3c • for new; Los Angeles ' Green
Peppers, 10c; Stockton do, ;' Mexican db,
10®12%c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles. 8@10c;
Summer Squash, 50@65c for smalr boxes ¦ and
$1 25©1 50 for large; Marrowfat Squash, $13
©20 per ton; Hubbard Squash; $15@20i
Poultry and Game.
The demand for Poultry was a little more
brisk yesterday than on the preceding day, but
the market continued weak for everything ex
cept choice' young stock. Young Roosters and
Ducks were quoted lower under large offerings
of small sized stock. Two cars of Eastern
came In, making three for the week.
Game is in demand and sells readily, but the
receipts are very light. . • ' ¦• •-.-¦¦.
POULTRY— Ltve Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 25: -Goslings. $1 25@1 50; Ducks, $3 50®4
for old and $4@5 60 for young: Hens, $4©5;
young Roosters, $5 50® 6 50; old Roosters, $4 50
©5; Fryers, $3 50@4 50; Broilers. $3@3 50 for
large and $2@2 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 73
per dozen for old and $1- 5001 75 for Squabs.'-
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush. - / "
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
I Butter is lower, j There. Is too much on the
market for this time of the'year when so many
people are out of town, and dealers 1 are oiter-j
Ing it at' concessions right, and left. Receipts
continue liberal. Thd decline In creameries has
brought' them very close to dairies and the dif
ference between them is now very slight, as
will be seen.
; There is no change in Cheese. '
; Like Butter, the Egg market Is overstocked,
"and the demand, has fallen away to a fraction
of what it was some weeks ago, ; owing" to the
absence of so many consumers from the city.
The floors ' are : becoming crowded with the
goods, and dealers say that they will probably
have to resume storing In a day or so. They
aro offering fine ranch at 18%@19c,
finding buyers, and 20c now represents the top
price for. the .best Eggs in the market. There
are no j Eastern offering now, • recent . arrivals
having gone Into storage. • ,.
Receipts were 62,600 pounds, 346 cubes and
kegs of Butter, lbs Eastern Butter.
1453 cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs,
37,700 pounds of . California Cheese ' and 3800
pounds of Eastern Cheese. - :-.. -
BUTTER — Creamery, 20%@21c per pound for
.fancy, -20c for. firsts and 19@19%c for seconds;
dairy, 17@20c; store Butter, 14@16c per pound.
¦ CHEESE — New. 9@10c; old, nominal; Young
America, 10®10%c: Eastern, l3@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 19@20c for fancy, 18@18%c for
good and 17%c for fair; store, 16@17%c per
dozen; Eastern Eggs, nominal. ¦
• Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦ ,*-¦.•'•¦'
' Longworth. Strawberries In good condition
sold readily at the prices quoted below, but a
large portion of the receipts were sunburnt and
sold at $4®5 per chest. Malindas were Jn light
receipt, but owing to the overripe condition of
the berries prices were lower. -Some choice stock
from Alviso brought $6 per chest. Logans were
offering freely and the trade bought very few.
The bulk of the receipts went to the canners at
$2 50@3 per chest. Currants arrived In good
condition and brought better prices. ;: . The Cah
ners bought a small quantity of poor stock at
$2 25 per chest. Gooseberries were firmer under
Jlght receipts. • • , :
> Receipts of Cherries continued large and most
of the loose stock went to the canners at prices
within the quoted range. .- ' . •
'. The market was well stocked with green fruit
that was being- held for shipping, but there was
little movement in that direction. Only choice
ripe stock brought the top quotations. ' »
- . The crate • of 1 14 Watermelons that came In
from Indlo on: the preceding -day was sold for
$8 40, or 60c each."-. Grapes from Indlo sold for
$2 50 oer. : . crate. - ' \ •<. ¦. ¦
- Two smalt boxes of Black Figs came In from
Vlsalia. - Each .box contained: about one pound
and. had' not been sold up to a late hour. :¦
• Citrus fruits stood about the same. 5
STRAWBERRIES — $6@9 for Longworths
and $3@4 60 for Malindas..'..-
RASPBERRIES— $5@8 per chest; crates, 80c
@$1.. -• -¦ ¦ ¦'• .:.-•¦ :-¦-.... .
: LOGANBERRIES — $2 5005 * per chest;
crates, 60@75c. ¦
. BLACKBERRIES— $7@8 per chest; in crates,'
50@75c. -.' . - •¦¦'•' '¦'¦', :.i ..¦¦-. r -
GOOSEBERRIES — 25@35c per drawer; Eng
lish, — '¦¦ — »er lb. -V. . ...
CURRANTS — $3@5 per. chest. .
'. PLUMS— Clyman, 40@65c. per- box an,d ',73c@
$1 per crate; Cherry Plums, 25@40c per drawer
;and 50(g85o in larger packages.
" APRICOTS — 35@75o per box and 60c@$l per
crate; in baskets from; the river, 25@50c
APPT/F.S — Green. 40(S)fiflfiv. ner tinv .anri . 9.K1A
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat July. , Sept.
Opening 5 10% 6 1%
Closing ..:"... ..5 10% 6 1%
i . PARIS.
Wheat — July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening .22 05 21 10
Closing 23 00 2100
¦ Flour — - . . ¦
Opening 29 35 27 85
Closing 29 35 27 S5
. New: York Metal Market. ; ;
" NEW YORK, June IS.— A heavy break in
tin prices abroad, followed by a decline of 50
points at New York and' a sharp break in
prices for copper at London and a decline of
moderate proportions in quotations here, were
the features of the ruetal market to-day. The
.decline in tin at London . amounted to £2 on:
spot, which closed at £127, and £3 on futures,
the, final price for which was £121 15s. At
New York the closing price for spot was $28 75
@29 25.
In copper the decline at London cut the
price of spot down to 553 5s and futures to
£53 10s.- The local quotations atr the close
were: Standard, c-pot to August, $11 50@ll 80;
lake, $12- 00@12 47%; electrolytic and: casting
$12 00@12 12%. . • , .. • . ,
Lead — Steady, quiet and unchanged at 4%c
.here. London was unchanged at £11 5s....- ¦
Spelter was unchanged both here tand at
London. At New York spelter Was quoted at
$4 87% and at London at £18 15s.
. . Iron . ruled steady with no change in the
general list. Warrants were nominal. No 1
foundry Northern, ,421@22; No. 2 foundry
Northern. $20 50@21 50; No. 1 -foundry South
ern, $20 50S21 50; ..No. 1 , foundry Southern,
soft. $20 50@2l 50. . ..--...
English -markets, were higher. Glasgow
..closed at .54s 7d and Middlesboro at 49s 9d.- -
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW~TORK.€j-3n^S^ThtTotton mtrket
opened firm with prices 3 to 6 points higher
and closed barely steady with prices unchanged
to 5 points lower. -. . ,
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. " ¦
- CHICAGO, June '18.— CATTLE— Receipts.
18,000, including 500 Texans. Choice, strong;
others, slow. Good to prime steers, $7 50@8 10;
poor to medium, $4 75@7 40;'stockers and feed
ers. $2 75@5 25; cows,' $1 40@5 73;'' heifers,
$2 50@6 50; eanners'.- $L 40®2 40; bulls, $2 75
<jf5 50; calves. $2 50@0 50; Texas-fed steers,
$4©6 50. <-..-., ..•»'..
HOGS— Receipts: To-day. 35.000; to-mor
row. 32.000: left over. 9000 head. Market,
steady to 5c lower; closed dull. Mixed and
butchers', $7(37 45; good to choice heavy, $7 35
@7 55; rough heavy.- $7@7 30; light, $6 90@
7 20; bulk of sales. $7 10@7 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000. Market steady to
10c lower. Spring lambs. 15c to 30c lower.
Good to choice wethers. $4 75^5; fair to choice
mixed, -$4@4 75; Western sheep. $4 5005; na
tive lambs. $5 50@7: Western lambs, $5 50@7;
spring lambs, top, $7 50. 1 ¦
: ST. JOSEPH.
ST.' JOSEPH. Mo.. June 18.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1000; best, steady to strong: others, 10c
to 25c lower. Natives. $4 85(6/7 80; cows and
heifers, ?1 50@r>; veals. $3 5o@6; stockers and
feeders, $2 25©5 50. . . ¦ . . .......
• HOGS— Receipts. 7000; steady. Light and
light mixed, $7 10©>7 35; medium and heavy,
$7 2507 55; pigs, $4@6 50. ..
SHEEP-^-Recelpts, 250. . Market. steady. • Top
spring lambs. $7 25. • - • . >.
• Northern Business.
SEATTLE. June 18. — Clearings, $S23,943;
balances. $198,079. , •' ' '
'TACOMA. June 18.— Clearings. $240,957; bal.
ances. $46,540. '
PORTLAND. June 18.— Clearings. $4(53,539;
balances, $72,006.
SPOKANE. June 18. — Clearings, $339,310;
balances. $75,650. .
• Northern Wheat Market. ¦ ¦
OREGON." ' J "
', PORTLAND, June . 18.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 65%@66c; valley, C6%@67c^blue stem,
67@CSc. ' • , ' '
WASHINGTON/. .
TACOMA, June 17.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; blue stem. 65%c;. club, 64%c. .
Foreign Ma>kets.
LONDON, June 18.— Consols. 96 11-16; silver.
24 7-16d; French rentes. 101 f 82 %c; wheat carr,
goes on passage, rather easier; cargoes No. i'
standard California. 29s, 4%d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 29s 3d; English country markets quiet
LIVERPOOL, June j 18:-^-Wheat, steady;
wheat in Paris, weak; flour? ln-.Paris, weak;
French country markets, quieter; Weather In
England, overcast.
COTTON — Uplands, 4%d.
Temperature at San Francisco, 7 a. m., 50
c<?~rees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pi-essure has risen slowly along the coast.
A marked degression continues over eastern
CaKtornia, Nevada and valley of the Colorado.
In the great valley s of California very warm
veather prevails, with maximum temperatures
of t.bout 100 degrees.
Fog may be expected Thursday along the
coast from Point Conception northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
licurs ending midnight, June 19, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, with
very warm weather in the lntericr and light
eoutherly winds; brisk westerly winds on the
coast, with fos.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday, con
tinued warm weather in the interior; fresh
eouthwest wind.
Nevada — Clouiy Thursday; continued warm
veather.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day, with fog In the morning- and at night;
Virisk westerly winds.
«-- yUiEXAKDEK G. McADIB, *
Forecast Official.
FRUIT AND ViHEAT BULLETIN.
For twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m., 120th
meridian time. San Francisco, June 19.
NEW YORK. June 18.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,200 barrels; exports, 2365 barrels. Steady
and fairly active. '
WHEAT— Receipts, 52,375 bushels; exports,
42,552 bushels. Spot was steady. No. 2 red,
78%c elevator; No. 2 red, 79<2S0c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern, Sic f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba, 84%c f. o. b. afloat. Al
though firmer at first on rains in the South
west and higher English cables and a Jump in
corn, . wheat developed later heaviness under
general unloading. It was also affected by
weaker late cables, a big reaction In Chicago
July corn and bearish statistics. Just at the
close, however, it rallied on export business
and left off steady and unchanged. July,
78 5-16Q7S%c, closed 78%c; September, 76 5-10
@76%c, closed 76%c; December, 77%@78c,
closed 77% c.
HOPS— i)uiet.
HIDES— Dull.,
WOOL — Dull.
SUGAR — Raw. steady; fair refining, 3c;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3%c. Refined was steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice,
5%=; mild, dull: Cordova, S@11V'C Futures
closed net unchanged to 5 points lower. -Total
sales, 12,000 bags, including: July, 4.75c; Sep
tember, 4.G5c; October, 4.95c; December, -5.10c:
May, 5.45c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated aoples is quiet and unchanged.
Common to good, 7V.@9.c; prime, 10c; choice,
10»4@l0%c; fancy, lie. -
PRUNES— In California dried fruits prunes
are a ¦ shade more active. Prices ranee from
3%c to 6%c for spot, while some attention is
being attracted by futures for jobbing account
around 0%e for October and November.
APRICOTS — Are steady and quoted in boxes
at 10%@i4c; ir. bags at 10%@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12@l«c; unpeeled, S%®
10%c. . .
London Market.
NEW YORK. June IS. — The Commercial Ad
ertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Stocks showed a tendency to improve to-day,
being more active, and more cheerful w West
Australians 'are' waiting up. Consols sold at!
0C%. *
Americans were quiet. There was a demand
for Reading— New York supported Illinois Cen
tral. Copp^f fell to £53% the ton and Rio
Tintos to £44%.
Money rates are unchanged, but there is talk
of a probable reduction of the bank discount
rate to 2% after the July dividend payments.
Gold to the amount of £247,000 in bars has
been bought. • . • ; :
Silver is good. Indian resales of June ship
ments have been quickly absorbed, owing to
the scarcity.
All the Exchanges in London will be closed
June 26. 27 and 28. • "
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 18.—^Money on call,
steady at 2%@3 per cent; closing offered at 2%.
• Prime, mercantile paper. 4%@3 per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand and at
$4 85%@4 85% for eixty days.
Posted rates, $4 86 and $4 S8%.
Commercial bills. $4 84%@4 85%.
Bar silver. 52%c.
Mexican dollars, 42%c.
Bonds — Governments, steady; States, Inac
tive; railroads, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, T une 18.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balance, $200,024,201; gold, $09,282,372.
New York Grain and Produce.
THE COAST RECORD.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June IS, 5 p. m.
Weather Report.
company are persisting influences in those
stocks. The dealings in Union Pacific were
also well up to the total of other leaders. The
mo&t influential movement in the market was
that in Central Illinois, which was lifted 7
points, with constantly increasing urgency as
the top level was approached. The stock re
acted 2 points at the last.
The situation in the local money market was
unchanged, but the tone of sterling and contin
ental exchange continued very firm, and there
was no recovery in sterling at Paris, where
also the private rate of discount advanced.
Money was easier in London, but higher rates
are looked for there before the end of the
month, owing to semi-annual requirements.
The depression of Industrials to-day was in
marked contrast to the strength of railroads.
The dribbling liquidation in the United States
Steel stocks continued, and sugar was weak
on the belief that no action on Cuban reciproc
ity will be taken at this session of Congress.
The market closed active and easy.
The market for bonds was irregular. Total
sales, $4,150,000.
United States 2s registered and old 4s ad
vanced %: the 3s % and the 2s coupon % per
cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
AtchiEon 24.900 82% 82% 82%
Atchison pfd 8,900 101% 100% 100%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 6.000 107% 106% 100%
Bait & Ohio pfd 95
Canadian Pacific .. 6,200 13t»% 136 130%
Canada Southern fl.'j
Chesapeake & Ohio. 500 47 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton... 4,000 39 37% 38
Chi & Alton pfd... 600 77% 77% 77%
Chi Ind & Louis 75%
Chi Ind & L pfd... 300 .87% 87% 87*1
Chi & East 111 1.20O 175 173% 174%
Chi & Gt West 7,300 29% 29 29%
Chi & Gt W A pfd fc9-ji
Chi & Gt W B pfd 4S%
Chi & NW 1,500 25C% 253 255%
Chi R I & P 1,200 174 172% 174"
Chi Term & Trans. 1.GO0 21% 21% 21%
Chi Term & T pfd 400 39 38% 3SV-
C C C & St Louis.. 400 105% 105% 105*
Colorado Southern.. 500 31V. 31 31 Vi
Colo So let pfd '". .... 71
Colo So 2d pfd 500 44Vi 44 44
Delaware & Hudson 000 170% 176 175%
Delaware L & W.. .-. 275
Denver & Rio G... 1,500 43 42 42V.
D & R G pfd 2,100 93% 93 9:1%
Erie 3,600 37V. 37% 37%
Erie 1st pfd 1,800 CS% 08% G8%
Erie 2d pfd 800 53% 53 53%
Gt North pfd 3,700 190% 189 189%
Hocking Valley ... 300 86 85% 85%
Hocking Val pfd... 500 &2% 92 92%
Illinois Central ... 71.300 1CO% 153% 158%
Iowa Central 3,900 : 50 49 49%
Iowa Central pfd... 200 'SS 88 87 T t
K C Southern 1.900 34% 34% 34%
K C Southern pfd., 1,000 61% 61 60
Lake Erie & West .n C5
L E & West pfd 127
Louis & Nash..... 1.300 137% i:«J% 13714
Manhattan L 5,400 131% 131 -131-
Metropolitan St Ry. 3,300 151% 151% 151%
Mexican Central .. 2,700 28% 2SH 2S%
Mexican National . 1,000 19% 19 19
Minneapolis & St L S(>0 113% 113% 113%
Missouri Pac 74.100 108% 107% 108%
Mo Kans & Texas.. 7,000 27% 2C% 27
M K & T pfd C.700 59% 5S% 59%
New Jersey Central 188
New York Central. 8,300 157% 156% 157%
Nor & Western 3.100 58% 57% 57%
Nor & West pfd... .• «>i
Ontario & Western 2.900 3.1 32% 3'>3i
Pennsylvania 62,200 152% 150% 152%
fading 62,600 C8% 07% «7%
Read ng 1st pfd... 3.400 S5% 83 Sl%
Reading 2d pfd.... 13.200 71% 80% 70%
St L & San Fran.. 3.700 70% 70 69%
St L & S F 1st pfd ..... .... 8.3
St L & S F 2d pfd 200 73 u, 7314 7:5 y,
St Louis SW -2.000 30% 2S% 29T4
St Louis SW pfd... 7.800 65% «i 65
i St Paul 20.400 174% 173 17a a;
ft Pau» Pfd 200 190% 190 ia$
So Pacific 15.500 C5% 64% «5%
So Railway 0.200 37'i 30% 37^4
So Railway pfd... 800 95% 95% 95%
Texas & Pacific 3,900 42*2 41% 4<>K
Toledo St L & W. . . 200 21 21 *>oS
TStL&Wpfd... 100 38% 38% 37%
Union Pacific 10,100 10«% 105 106%
Union Pacific pfd. 900 89% 89% 89%
Wabash 37,300 29 27% 28%
Wabash pfd 11,700 45% 44% 45Vi
Wheel & J. Erie... 1.400 23 22% 22#
W & L E 2d pfd.. 700 36% 36 36%
Wisconsin Central. 2,000 27% 27V4 27%
Wis Central pfd... L&00 50% 49% 50Vi
Express Companies—
Adam f 197
American. 225
United States ;.. us
Wells Farso 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamat Copper 5.800 6S% 67% 67%
Am Car & Fndry.. 4,600 33% 32% 32%
Am Car & F pfd.. 200 91 91 90%
Am Linpeed Oil... 500 25% 25 25
Am Lin Oil pfd 100 51 51 50%
Am Locomotive 1,400 33% 33% 33%
Am Locomotive pfd 2,300 94% 94 W 94
Am Smelt & Ref.. 600 48% 48% 48%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 700 99% 9!»V. 99%
Anaconda Mln Co.. «00 113>2 113 " 113
Brooklyn Rap Trn.. 2,500 67% 66% 67
Colo Fuel '& Iron.. «,000 98% »6% 96
Consolidated Gas.. 300 221% 221 220%
Con t Tobacco -pfd.. 100 124% 124% 121»i
General Electric... 1,800 312 3C0 310
Hocking Coal jo%
International Paper 20%
Internat Paper pfd 73%
Internatnl Power ;. 75
Laclede Gas £5
National Biscuit... 100 48% 48% 48%
National Lead 600 22% 22 21%
North American... 100 121% 121% 121V.
Pacific Coast.'. ..'. . 65
Pacific Mail 1,600 43 41 42
People's Gas 800 102% 102% 102%
Pressed Steel Car.. 600 47 47 4(5%
Pressed S Car pfd. 200 86 80 85%
Pullman Pal Car ; 234
Republic Steel 200 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 200 73% 73% 73%
Sugar 21,300 126% 125% 126%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 800 64% 64% 64V&
Union Bar & P Co .... ,15$
Union B&P Co pfd 81 Vi
U E Leather 400 13% 13% 13%
U S Leather pfd... 700 84% 84% 84%
U S Rubber 14U
U S Rubber pfd {55
U S Steel 11.600 38% 38% 38%
U S Steel pfd 8.900 R8% , 88% 88%
Western Union 200 92% 92 91%
Total sales.. 737,200 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO7% Loui« & N uni 4s. 103%
Do 'ref 2s coup.108% Mex Cent 4s 84
: Do 3« rear. 107% Do 1st lnc " S3
Do 3s coup 107% M & St L 4s... *105W
Do new 4s reg. .105% M K & T> 4s... 997i
Do new 4s coup.135% Do 2nds . suit
Do old 4s reg.. 109% N Y Cent lsts!"lO4U
Do old 4js coup. 110% Do gen 3%s 107
Do n« reg -105 N j Cent ge 5 ;; ; 139V
Do 0b coup 105 Nor Pac 4s 105W
AtchUon ten 4s. .103% Do 3s .? 741*
Do adj 4s »6% N O r & W con 4s*'l0li6
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s 100%
go 3%s. 9C% RtL&I Mcon'5sii5 %
Do conv 4s 107% St L & S F 4s 100 '
Can Sou 2nd B . . . .1 10 st L S W W ' OT*
Cent of Ga 5s.... 109 Do 2nde •'
. Do 1st inc 81 S A A A p'is °>M
Ches & O 4%s...iosv, Sou p a c4, 4 ""-
Chi & Alton 3%s. 85% Sou Rv5s.. " 123U
C B & Q new 4«. 96% Texas '& Pac l'sts 119 V,
C M & St P gn 4sll5% t St L & W 4s 82%
C & N W con 7«.I39% Union Pac 4 8 .:?::ib6^
C H I & P 4s 112 Do conv 4g iosa£
CCC& St L gen 4slO2 Wabash lsta l"'o
CM Ter 4s 00 d o 2nds . 1T1V.
Colo & Sou 4s.... 90% Do deb B '"" 7sr
D & R G 4s...... 103% West Shore 4 B :;::iio
Erie prior lien 48.101% W & L E 4s 93
Do gen 4i» 89 WIs Cent 4s.! 94
Ft W A D C lsts.113% Con Tob 4s....'. 0784
Hoclc Val 4%s...lll • «'.*
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con .. £3, Little Chief ...... 12
Alice 4.T Ontario ....7 25
Breece .'. '. . 50 Ophir ....; ..-.-.-. ..1 05
Brunswick Con ..'09 Phoenix 00
Comstock Tun .. 6% PotosI 20
Con Cal & Va ....1 30 Savage 00
Deadwood Terra ..1 0C Sierra Nevada ... 30
Horn Silver.. .... 77 Small Hopes ..... 40
Lcadville Con 05 Standard .....3 00
- ¦ v/-" : - ¦ - .-,...- • ••-. : ..
40c per basket; large boxes, 85c@?l; White As
trachan, $1 25@1 50 per box.
9 PEARS— Madeline. 25@40c for small boxe3;
baskets, 15® 25c ; large boxes, . 75@85c. . ?.-
PEACHES — 10@75c per box and 40® 60c per
basket. ~ . • .= ••. .. ¦ - ' J • - ¦'
CHERRIES— White, 25@40c per box; In bulk,
2@3%c; Black, . 30@50c per box and 2%@5c
in bulk: cartons from San Jose. 75c; Royal
Annes, 50@75a per box and 4@6%c in bulk. *
FIGS-^Black, from Yuma. per box;
from Palm Springs, per box.
MELONS — Nutmegs, from Yuma, $1®2 for
small boxes and $3 50@4 for crates; from In
dio, $3@5 per crate. .
• • CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2@4. ac
cording-td size and quality; Seedlings. 50c@
$2 25; Mediterranean • Sweets. $1 25®3; St.
Michaels, $1@3 50; Valencias, $2 25@4; Tanger
ines,' $1 5Q@1 75- in half-boxes; Lemons, $1 75
@4; Grape Fruit, $2@3 50 ; Mexican Limes,
$4 50@5; Bananas, $1 50®2 per bunch for New
Orleans and $1 25<g2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— New Apricots, July delivery. 6<0>
C%c; old Apricots, 8%@9c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 10@ll%c; sun dried, C@7e;
Peaches, 6%@S%c; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
6©6%c; unpltted. 1%iS2%c; Nectarines. 5%@6c
for red and 6%@6c for white: figs, 3%&4%c
for black and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows: I
30-40s, 6%@6%c; 40-50s, 5ig5%c; 50-COs, 4%@ J
4%c; 60-708, 4@4V4c; 70-SOs, 3%@3%c; 80-90s,
,3@3%c; 90-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, Sc: . 2-crown,
7%c: Loose Muscatels. 5%c for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers, $1 60 per box. ».
. NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1, softshell. ll@ll%c;
No. 2, 6@7c: No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell. 9@10c
for softshell and t!(S7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c;- Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 B0@5.
HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted. 5**
¦6%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
. BEESWAX— 27 %@29c per. lb.
Provisions.
. Chicago continued dull. It being wholly a
packers' market. „ Shipments of nearly 6,000,000
lbs. of meats caused the shorts to buy.
This market was inactive and unchanged,
with close buyers able to get goods at conces
sions from the quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%@13c per lb for
heavy, 13%*c for -light- medium, 14%c for light,
15%c j for ! extra light v and - 16@17c for. sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams,- 15c; Cali
fornia Hams, 14@14%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 60@ll; Family. $11 50® 12;.
prime Mess Pork, . $15©15 50; extra clear, $23;
Mess, $18 6O@19; Dry Salt Pork, 12%e; Pig
Perk, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per pound. ¦ '< ¦ . • ¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 12%c; 10-lb tins. 13% c; 5-lb tins, 13%c;
3-lb tins. 13%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10% c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce. 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There Is nothing: new to report under this
bead. ...
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations.. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy "and 9c -for light; Stags. 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip, ll@13c; Dry Calf, 16@18c; Culls and
Brands. 15@10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®
30c each;, short wool, 40® 60c each; medium,
«5@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium,
$1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium.
$1@1 25 for small and 60c for Colts. Buck
Skins^Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can, 25c; dry Central American. 32%c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c.
.. WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Mendoclno,
lG@18c; 'Northern free, 14@16c; do. defective,.
13@14c; Middle County free. 13@15c: do. de
fective, 12@13c: Southern, 12 months, 9® 10c;
do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill, ll@13c; Neva
da, 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
; HOPS— 12@12%c for fair and 13@14c per lb
for good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop being
drawn at 13® 14c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Conditions remain unchanged. Receipts of
Hogs are light, but so Is the demand. .
DRESSED MEATS.
..Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
'are asfollows: * ' - ' ¦/•' ',
'•'. BEEF— 6@7%c for Steers and 5® 6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%c; Ewes, 7@Sc
per lb. - : • . •
LAMB — Spring -Lambs, 9@9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed. Hogs. 7%®9%c per lb.
; LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered . at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. *¦ ,
, CALVES — t@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@4c; Ewes, 3%@3%c
per lb (gross weight).--
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50®2 .73 per
head or 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearlings,
3%@4c t>er lb.
! HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6@6%c; feeders, 6@6%c:
sows, 20 per cent* off, boars 50 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quota
tions. _. ,-,• ¦ ' :-'_ ':•" -
. General Merchandise.; "
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentin, 6.55c; Wool -Bags,- 32@35c;Y Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c-- • -. - ; : , ¦¦: ". V';~ :
COAL— Wellington. $8;"per : Vton;'; Squthfleld
Wellington,- $8; Seattle ¦ $6 50; " Bryant,' :$& 50;
Roslyn, $7; . Coos Bay,.,$5- 5(J;. Greta. $8;5.Wall
send, ; $8 50; • Co-operatlVe • : Wallsend, $8 50;
Cumberland, J12 »}'n-: buhr^ and $15, 25 in sacks;
I Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ';• Welsh An
thracite, $14;.- Cahnel; $11 per ton; Coke. $15
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 . lbs and $3 50
per ton; according to brand. '-
OIL— California Castor Oil, in cases.. No. 1,
70c; pure, $f 20; Linseed Oil;. In barrels, boiled,
78c; raw,' 76c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, . 680 for
boiled 'and 66c-' for -raw, 'in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 03;
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil, natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil, . barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
68%c f ot Australian. -' --.••¦ ; -
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil.. In bulk.
13%@l-*c; Pearl OH, In cases, 20c;- Astral; 20cr-
Btar, 20c; Extra Star. 23c;. Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
J2c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in- bulk, 16c;
Jn cases, 22 %c; Benzine, In bulk. 14%c;in
cases, 21c; 86-degree. Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; In.
cases, 26%c. : .
TURPENTINE — 71c per gallon In cases and
65c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.5Oc; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. " 3.83c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c mere:
boxes, 50c more; 30-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, 4,75c; boxes, 8c
per lb. • No . order taken . for' less than 75 bar
rels or;its equivalent. •• : - v ; . . ¦ , . . ¦
Receipts of ; Produce, jt;
FOR WEDNESDAY. JUNE 18. .
Flour, qr. sks.... 9.99«> Wool, bales ..... 180
Wheat, ctls 290 Shorts, sks ..... 12
Barley, ctls ..... 2,745 Tallow.- ctls 1 .... 347
Oats, ctls 1,470 Pelts, bdls 118
Corn, ctls 240 Hides, No 508
Beans, sks'.'. .... 86 Lime. . bbls 455
Potatoes, sks ... 3,295 Wine, gals 74,800
Hay, - tons - 310 Leather, rolls • . . . 269
Middlings,- sks. .. 268 Paper, car .;... . 1
Bran', sks. ...... 665 Quicksilver, flsks * 235
Onions, sks ¦¦-..... ~ • 405 • ¦:• '-.. >
1 Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and steady; No; 3 spring wheat, 67@72%c; No.
2 red. 79%c; No. 2 Oats, 42%c:'No. 2 white,
47%@48c; No; 3 white, 40%@47%c; No. 2 rye,
tK)@59%c; fair to choice malting barley, 67@70c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $156; No. 1 Northwestern,
$170; mess pork, per barrel, $17 67%@17 77%;
lard per 100 pounds, $10 17%@10 20; short ribs
sides (loose), $10 37%@10 52%; dry salted shoul
ders -(boxed), 8%@8%c;- short, clear sides
(boxed), $10 75@10 85; whisky, basis, of. high
wines, $130; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Articles — • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30,000 16,000
Wheat, bushels... " 49,000 98,000
Corn, bushels 224,000 83,000
Oats, bushels 267.000 77,000 f
Rye. bushels .2,000 ... .1....
Barley,, bushels ........... 5. 000 - 8. 000
On 'the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market wa 8 firmer; creameries, 19@21%c; dai
ries, 17%@19%c; cheese, steady, 10@10%c;
eggs, steady, fresh, 15c. . .
Fer&C HGs. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. - —
Geary-st 5a.. — — Sac EGR 59.100%100*4
H C&S 5%S.1O2 — SF & SJV5sl23 123
Do r>9 — — Sierra Cal 6a — 113
L Ang R 5s.llS%119'/i S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6slO3% — (1000) 113%114%
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....115 —
Do gtd 53.104 — S P of C 6s.
L A & P 5s. - — (1905)Sr A.106% —
Do lem 53.104% — (l'J05)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 12SV, (1900) — —
Do lem 5s. — 121% (1912)-.... — 121
N R of C 6sll2% — SP of C 1st •'.t-v*~ T i
Do 5a 121% — c gntd 6s. — —
N Pac C 5sll0 — . Do stmpd.110 111
NCR 5s.. ..112% — SP BrCal 6S.140 141
N S R R 5s.l00%101% S V Wat 6a.lll 112 .
Oak Gas 5s.. 112 113% Do 43 2dm. 102 —
Oak Trn 63..125 — Do 43 3rtm. 101*4 102
£>o 1st cos.113%115 Stkn G&E 6sl00%101%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74% — Port Costa.. 63% 68
Marln Co ... 59 — Spring Val.. 89% 90
. GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. .3 — i Pac L Co... 4S 60
Eqt G L Co. 3 3%!Sac E G&R. 39 —
Mutual 4% — |S F G & E. 44% 4414
O G L & H. CO 62 SFQLCo. 5% 5-V
Pac G Imp. 37% 39 jStkn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — — ) '-<-*-*
BANKS. i'-ii';;^
Am B & T.112% — I First NatlonI — —
Anglo-Cal ..83-90 L P & A. . . .16S%170
Bank of. Cal. 440 450 i Mer Ex (liq) 26 —
Cal Safe Dp.122% — S F Nationl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German . . .1990 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Securty Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav. 80 — Union TrstlSSO. —
S F Sav U..530 — ;
STREET RAILROADS. ¦ '-1?&1
California . .170 — , I Market ... . . 89%101
Geary . . ... . — — » i Presidio .... 39 — > l
POWDER. '¦; .
Giant .... 69% — /Vigorit 3%- 4
SUGAR.
Hana » 3% — Kilauea .... — 10
Hawaiian .. — 40 Makawell ... 23 —
Honokaa ... 10% 11% Onomea 23% 24V5,
Hutchinaon . — — Paauhau ... 11% 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl57% — , Pac A F A. 2% — .
Cal Fruit As. — 100 ! Pac C Borx.165 — .
Cal Wine As. — 10O% j Par Paint ..23 —
Oceanic S Co — 25 1 : .. ¦
Morning Session.
5 Fireman's Fund Ins ....275 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 12 25
$2000 North Shore 5a 100 87%
$3000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stmpd) 110 00
?1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge)....:.102 00
Afternoon Session.
; Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 15S 00
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 50
$2000 Sacto Elec Gas & Ry 6s. 100 25
$1000 Sacto Elec Gas & Ry 5s 100 37 %
$2000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 101 23
Street —
$2000 Park & Cliff House 6s. 108 00
$3000 Sacto Elec Gas & Ry 5a 100 25
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
100 Home 335
904 Reed Crude 31
500 Sovereign 27
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Home 3 SO
200 Home 3 33
1C0O Occidental of W Va 18
100 Occidental of W Va ; 17 '
100 Sovereign 27
100 Sovereign, b 30 27
: Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belch. 10 500 Ophlr 1 15
250 Caledonia .... 80 600 Overman .... 28
200 Chollar ........ 10 500 Overman ....<- 29
200 Con Cal & V.l 30 900 PotosI .. •»•»
200 Hale & Nor.. 45 530 PotosI 21
200 Justice 07 200 Yel Jacket. .. 13
100 Mexican 41
: * Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & V.I 30) 100 Potoai 19
300 Justice 07 400 Savage 08
700 Mexican 41 200 Sierra Nev . . IS
200 Occidental ... 14 200 Union Con 17
700 Ophlr 1 10
Following 1 were the sales on ths Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Chollar 12 200 Overman .... 30
400 Chollar ...... 11 200 PotosI....... 22
200 Chollar : 09 200 PotosI 21
100 Con Cal & V.I 30 200 Savage . . Oft
300 Hale & Nor.. 45 300 Seg Belcher,. 05
100 Mexican 41 500 Seg Belcher.. ©6
100 Ophlr .....1 17%! 100 Silver Hill ..43
400 Ophir .......1 15 100 Silver Hill .. 46
700 Overman .... 29 300 Union Con. ... 13
Afternoon Session.
1000 Andes .: 07! 500 Seg Belcher.. .06
200 Caledonia .... 83 300 Sierra Nev .. 1.1
300 Con Cal & V.I 30 100 Silver Hill .. 48
200 Ophlr 1 10 200 Union Con.... 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY 1 , June 18 — 4 p. m. ¦
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha ..' — 0.1 Justice 07 08
Alta 05 07 Kentuck .....' 01 02
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash .. — 04
Belcher ,....' 12 13 Mexican ...... 40 42,
Best & Belch. 10 11 Occidental ... 16 IS
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 1 lt> 1 15
Caledonia .... 82 84 Overman .... 29 31
Challenge .... 10 12 Potost 10 20
Chollar 09 10 Savage 07 08
Confidence . . 60 54 Scorpion ..... ¦ — • 0+
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 351 Seg Belcher.. 08 07
Con Imp .... — 01 1 Sierra Nev . . 13 x\
Con N Y .... — 02 Silver Hill .. 43 4rt
Crown Point. .0.1 04 St Louis .... — ' Ofi
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate ... — 07
Exchequer .. 01 02) Union Con.... 17 JS-
Gould & Cur.. 06 07 'Utah ........ 08 07
Hale & Nor.. 44 46 Yel Jacket.... 12 "14
Julia — 04
— -"^ — — — '»•(¦* ; . .
Ccnhnucd dullness tn local stocks and bonds.
Silver slozdy rising. Exchange unchanged, j
Wheat dull and featureless everywhere.
Barley higher and scarce on the immediate spot.
Sales cf new Oats shozv a steady feeling.
Corn and Rye quiet at previous quotations.
Beans quiet, with whites rather higher.
Hay and Feed stuffs as before quoted.
'^Y 1 - 1 - ' '¦¦'"¦ 'i
butter, Cheese and Eggs plentiful and zveak.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins unchanged.
Provisions dull, with some cutting reported.
Hops, Hides and Wool unchanged.
Nothing new in the Meat market. '
Continued large arrivals of Potatoes and Onions.
Poultry zi'cak and Game steady.
-Fresh Fruits in good supply and selling fairly.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. {
Money — West Common '. . '. 100 " :
Call loans 3K>@4 Mining-
Time loans .3%@4 Adventure ....... 24
eonds — Allouez .......... 2%
Atchlson 4s ...... 102V4 Amalgamated ... 07%
Gas Ists oti% Daly West 44
Ilex Central 4s.. 82 Bingham ,..'M%
NE Gas & Coke.. 05 Cal & Hecla ....000
Railroads— Centennial .19
Atchison 82% Copper Range .... 57
Atchison pfd 100% Dominion Coal .. W8
B & A 2C0 Franklin ..... 11
B & M 201 Isle Royale ..... 12',i
Boston Elev.....l«5 Mohawk /... 42
** Y N H & H ..229% Old" Dominion ... 22
Fitehburg pfd ..143% Osceola 6Vi
Union Pacific .. .100%' Parrot 28
Mex Central .... 28 Quincy 132
Miscellaneous— 1 " S F Copper- 1%
Am Sugar 120% Tamarack . "..ISO-
Am Sugar pfd ..118% Trimountain .....5)0 *
Am Tel & Tel ..177% Trinity 12%
Dom I & S 55 United States . . . 20U
Gen Electric 309% Utah 21%
Mass Electric . . . 43% Victoria 0 ;
United Fruit 112 Winona '4
U S Steel SSVi Wolverine .. 54%
U S Steel pfd . . 88% United Copper . . G5
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money 90 7-10 N Y Central 1CO%
Consols account96 11-10 N & W ex dlv .. 08%
Anaconda 5% N & W pfd 93
Atchison 84*4 Ontario & W 33%
Atehison pfd 103 Vi Pennsylvania .... 77V*
B & O 109 Reading ' 34%
Canada Pac 140% Reading ......... 34%
Chesa & Ohio.... 48 Reading'lst pfd.. 43%
C G W 30^4 'Reading 2d pfd . . 3CVi
C M & St P 177% So Railway 38
D & R Q 43 So Railway pfd .. 97%
D & R G pfd 05^4 So Pacific C0%
Erie 3S% Union Pac ..108%.
Erie 1st pfd .... 70% Union Pac pfd'. ...01
Erie 2d pfd 54 US Steel 39%
Illinois Central ..158V. U S Steel pfd .... 90%
L & N 14C% Wabash .28*
M K & T 27% Wabash pfd 40
M K & T pfd.... '60 Spanish 4s 80%
Bar Silver, uncertain, 24 7-lCd per ounce.
Money, 2@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bjlls is 2%®2% per cent; for . three
months' bills is 2y."@2% per cent.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
fered. There was also more wet weather in our
winter, wheat : belt. These , influences, in .spite
of liberal .receipts •• helped -buoy wheat inatt
opening advance of %@%c at 72%c, and pushed
it -to 72V>c. September wheat, which had been
bought father, freely . by J. influential .; interests,
was unloaded to 'the extent of about two .mil
lion bushels and in' consequence broke:! cent.
This depressed Julytb 71%c. " Late in : , the ses
sion 200,000 bushels o£ cash wheat were worked
here for export, and the ' seaboard reported
twenty-three loads taken for. the same purpose.
This caused talk of bad weather in France and
England again and improved the demand. July
closed firm. %c up at 72%@72%c. ,. .; ¦ _¦ ,
i 1 . Trade in oats was small and unimportant.
July closed half a cent down at 39c.
' Provisions were dull, but showed very good
strength. Manipulation still continued at the
hands of packers. . July pork ¦ closed 5c higher,
lard 5@7%c up and ribs 7%c higher. .. , : - u
- '. The leading futures ranged as follows: I ;•
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 19, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
11
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
G Capinatl & w. NY
J Todd. Mo .
A C Todd. Mo
J F Howard & w, Tcs.
O F Hillye, Texas
Miss Hathaway, Cal
Mls3 H Foley, Xapa
F Lawrence, Esparto
Col E E Georgia, Ind I
D J Buckingham. Mass
Mrs H A Hamilton, La
J Hamilton. La
J H Backman & w.
Belle Plaine
HB Bacon, Sacto
C A Whitman. Pasadn
Mrs "Whitman. Pasadn
Mrs Humphries, Cal
Mrs Graham. Carberry
J Yeager & party, Colo
J Cowell. Los Ansrelea
A Baldorff & w. Oakln
T S Miller & w. Wls
F P Fuller & w. Iowa
G Bell & w. Paso Rob!
C Erne, Wash
I M Pepplnger. Kans
• Articles — Open. ±iign. L*>w. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— .
July .' 72% • V 72% 71% : 72%
September ..... 71% 71% 70% 71%
December....... 72% ; ' 72% 71«i 72*4
¦ Corn, No. - — ¦ '
July ..;.. 09 C9 05% C5Vi
September ' 5!t% 59% ,58V 4 08%
December -45% 45% 44% 44i-i
Oats, No 2 —
July, old ....... 37V&' 37% ' 36 • M'/i
July new ...... JHJMs , • 39% .'!8% 39
September, . old. 28%* ' 28% /, 28Vi 28%
September, new. 30% V 30 % 3o '/j 30 : ;4
December, new..- 30%'- 30% . 30ft 30%
- Mess Dork .per barrel— .-. • . {
July . ......17 00. 17 07^ 17 57% 17 CO
September,... ..17,75 85 17 72% 17 77^
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July ...........10 15 1022^10 15 " 10 22%
September .....10 22% 10 27% 10 22% 10 27%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
July ;.. :...10 45 ¦:¦ 10 47% 10 42% 10 47%
September .....10 30 .10 32% 10 27% 10 32%
TK
:ons.
2 s
5 I
5 3
II
•3
2 o <
C
n
o
..-I 1:1:1
Pt Cldy S
Clear
Cloudy ICW «
Clear NW 8
Clear \V
Clear EE 10
Clear N £•;.
Clear
.'." 72
•r
Oear W* *8
Clear KW . .
Clear S
Clear ... _ _
v^iear .... • *
Pt Cldy S
tjiear .... ..
Clear S Lt.
Pt Cldy S - ..
Clear S - 12
Cloudy W ' 6
Clear SW 18
Clear
.... ..
Clear S 8
.()>
Clear ."*<--..
Clear W ..
Clear NB . .
a
c
5"
i H"
33
P
c
I o
01 •*3
3
! I
o
NW
Clear .00
68
N
Cloudy .00
82
40
g
Cloudy .00
I".-*.
1.74
ilKj
SO
44
00
40
NT
NW
SYT
Cloudy .00
Clear .CO
Clear .00
Pt.Cldy .00
SE
Clear .00
EM
v_ienr ,w
•J.t .
.^2
68
Clear .u0
29.
. C_>
«G
NW
Clear .00
.U'2
Clear .00
S
Clear .00
— '.* .
48
N
Clear .00
S
Cleat 1 .00
Pt-Ody .00
BW
Clear .00
12<.
..vS
S
Clear .00
4ti
w
.NT
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
KB
NW
Clear .02
Clear .00
.:>2
S
Clear .00
8i:
42
2T.T
Cloudy .00
a.
.<;2
- .tK
Clear .00
. * •-
TK
:ons.
2 s
5 I
5 3
II
•3
2 o <
C
n
o
..-I 1:1:1
Pt Cldy S
Clear
Cloudy ICW «
Clear NW 8
Clear \V
Clear EE 10
Clear N £•;.
Clear
.'." 72
•r
Oear W* *8
Clear KW . .
Clear S
Clear ... _ _
v^iear .... • *
Pt Cldy S
tjiear .... ..
Clear S Lt.
Pt Cldy S - ..
Clear S - 12
Cloudy W ' 6
Clear SW 18
Clear
.... ..
Clear S 8
.()>
Clear ."*<--..
Clear W ..
Clear NB . .
a
c
5"
i H"
33
P
c
I o
01 •*3
3
! I
o
NW
Clear .00
68
N
Cloudy .00
82
40
g
Cloudy .00
I".-*.
1.74
ilKj
SO
44
00
40
NT
NW
SYT
Cloudy .00
Clear .CO
Clear .00
Pt.Cldy .00
SE
Clear .00
EM
v_ienr ,w
•J.t .
.^2
68
Clear .u0
29.
. C_>
«G
NW
Clear .00
.U'2
Clear .00
S
Clear .00
— '.* .
48
N
Clear .00
S
Cleat 1 .00
Pt-Ody .00
BW
Clear .00
12<.
..vS
S
Clear .00
4ti
w
.NT
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
KB
NW
Clear .02
Clear .00
.:>2
S
Clear .00
8i:
42
2T.T
Cloudy .00
a.
.<;2
- .tK
Clear .00
. * •-
• Articles — Open. ±iign. L*>w. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— .
July .' 72% • V 72% 71% : 72%
September ..... 71% 71% 70% 71%
December....... 72% ; ' 72% 71«i 72*4
¦ Corn, No. - — ¦ '
July ..;.. 09 C9 05% C5Vi
September ' 5!t% 59% ,58V 4 08%
December -45% 45% 44% 44i-i
Oats, No 2 —
July, old ....... 37V&' 37% ' 36 • M'/i
July new ...... JHJMs , • 39% .'!8% 39
September, . old. 28%* ' 28% /, 28Vi 28%
September, new. 30% V 30 % 3o '/j 30 : ;4
December, new..- 30%'- 30% . 30ft 30%
- Mess Dork .per barrel— .-. • . {
July . ......17 00. 17 07^ 17 57% 17 CO
September,... ..17,75 85 17 72% 17 77^
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July ...........10 15 1022^10 15 " 10 22%
September .....10 22% 10 27% 10 22% 10 27%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
July ;.. :...10 45 ¦:¦ 10 47% 10 42% 10 47%
September .....10 30 .10 32% 10 27% 10 32%
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION.
If you want to sell anything or buy anything
wait for our auctions. We have a large as-
sortment of HORSES to suit any business;
also a lot of WAGONS. BUGGIES, CART9
and HARNESS. GROVE-ST. STABLES.
Grove St.. bet. Polk st. and Van Ness av«.
THURSDAY, June 19
MADIGAN. O'NEILL & CO., ¦ )
Livestock Auctioneer*.
Some GENTLE DRIVING AND WORK
HORSES cheap at
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET,
721 HOWARD STREET.THE SAN FEAKCISCO- CALL, THURSDAY, JUIS T E 19, 1902;
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE" cf The San Francises
C*U, ecrner cf Market and Third streets"; open
IT.til. 12 o'clock every rijrht in the year.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open until 3:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
133 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street: ot-en until !i:30 p. m.
1941 Mission Etreet: cpen until JO p. in.
C2C1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
i::t:l fl p. m.
iCKi Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
J0S6 Valencia street; open until 9 -p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
J-00 Fr.lTnrre street: open until 0 P- m.
MEETING NOTICES. £
MISSION Chapter Xo. 7S. R. A. M.— •
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVEXIXG. 7:;J0 o'clock. M. M. de- Tt3f
tree. By order of the H. P. fV
JXO. R. HILLMAX. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodee Xo. 1. F. and A. m
St, will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _*^_
EVENING. June 19. at 7::W o'clock. >£3f
Third degree By order of the Master. ' '
FRAXKLIX H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge Xo. 120. F. and A. M. q
. — Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) m^i m
i:\"KXIXG at 7 o'clock. Third decree. jK3C
Master Masons cordially invited. By /^r 1
order cf t£e W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. -
and A. Jl.. meets THIS (THURSDAY) A
E VEXING at 7:30 c 'clock. First de- W J*
gree. By order of the Master. r^^
.E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge Xo. 21«, F. and A. M.— m
fcpecial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) .fk
EVEXIXG et 7 o'clock. Third decree. j£J2t
Master Masons are invited. By order »*V
cf the Senior Warden.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
THE Si.. John's day outing of the Past ¦• '
Matters' Association. F. and A. M., -_#V_
niU he heid on SATURDAY, June 21, T£5f
at Schuetzen Park. Boats leave Tib- /?'
itron ferry at 9 and 11 a. m., 12:30, 1:50 and
3:30 p. ni.
YERBA Buena Lodge Xo. 15. I. O.
O. F.— Initiation THURSDAY ~s£z£>3xz
EVENING. June 13. r^Z&SlsZ
WM. P. HUMPHREYS. X. G.
W. W. CROSS, Recording Secretary.
UNITY Lodge Xo. Cl. Knights of ;ar
Pythias, will confer the Knight ~ $»
Rank (long term) on one Esquire on vSo&J
THURSDAY EVEXIXG, June 19, *&*&*
at Pythian Castle, 909 Market st All
brother Knights are cordially invited .to at-
tend. J. A. FOXTAXEL, C. C
S. W. GATES. K of R. and S.
EUREKA Lodgx- Xo. 9. K. of P.. will «T
confer the knight rank, long form. j?»
on 5 esquires on FRIDAY, 2Q:h <ra(S&f
last, at 90a Market st: all knights 4&£i?
are invited. F. O. RAABE. E. C.
J. W. C. EEATTIE. K. of R. &^
STARR King Lodge. U. D.. F. and A. % ««Uft>
M.. Mowry's Hall, will meet THIS
(THURSDAY) EVEXIXG at 7 o'clock; tfSJSS
third degree. By order of the W. M.-*3SRv >
A. • A. AXDERSOX. Secretary.
NORM A GROVE, Xo.fi, V. A. O. D., >6j
meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVEXIXG. at Ek5
413 Sutter st. Initiation.
. F. E. CALER. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
WAXTED — A few men and women of energy
and experience to travel on salary; all ex-
penses paid; teachers desirable; long or short
contract: Eive qualifications.- Apply to H.
C- box 1060. Call office.
A — LADY acent wanted in every town to in-
troduce the best seller on earth; entirely new
ar.d success guaranteed. Write at once, GLOB.
ULE MEDICAL CO.. 42(> Kearny st. S. F.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to tell than books or insur-
ar.ee? F. PL'RSON'. room 412. Psrrott bldg.
.^1 ADIOC-JRAM CHEESE.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream;
easily digested; a dinner however plain is
made more enjoyable by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
liets. or P. ALLADIO. rr.fr.. 1206 Sutter St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
<".13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open e\-e's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 10 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; phor.e Mint 865. 819 Market et
J. M. THURSTOX; office open every even-
ing; private divorce a specialty.
I BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued^ j
JC^EPlT^TRAUBr^
A — Old-established good-paying saloon and
lodgins-house of 14 well-furnished rooms;
nover empty; good bar trade; good locality.
A — Butcher shop, nicely fitted up. in good
neighborhood; nice, clean: eood cash trade.
A — Coffee and lunch parlor. In wholesale
district; no night or Sunday work; paying
preposition.
A — Nice little well-paying grocery and bar;
good corner on street car line: living-rooms.
- A — Restaurant near Mission and 10th sts. ;
, owner has to co East; worth to look at.
- A — French restaurant near Market st;
this is a very good paying place and well
worth investigation: a fine opening.
A — Oyster and chop house in good local-
ity; rent $15: Drice $200: a bargain.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
GOVERNMENT land — Persons wishing to
homestead in Oregon consult Geo. B. Whit-
comb, room S3, Winchester House, until
Thursday noon. Location fee reasonable.
ROUTE in Western Addition;, building up "dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1702. Call.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 ,
Valencia st. ¦ .. .
lodging-houses for sale.
a^caTjT~we~can suit you! ;
10 rooms; partly furnished; snap $225
20 rooms; clears ?95; only 800
12 rooms ; corner; clears $50 325 ¦
45 rooms; clears $200 '. 2200
CA^PE^^BEAriNGANp^CLEANING.
WHEN you'bfccome disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ir.g -Works.. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet -cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kleinert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning S'/Sc j-d;upholster--
ing. 1213 Market, bet.8th&0th;tel. Howard 21)12.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works;. prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
:S33 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 120i
TRY Hopke Bros.' excellent carpet-cleaning.
411-4i:t Powell st. phone Bftsh 421.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free — Columbian Law and Collection
Agcy., r. 85. 916 Market st; phone Bush 104.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market Et.
. . COTTAGES TO LET.
$20— S ROOMS and bath, near Washington and
Powell sts., or will sell $500 cash, bal. easy.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 64C Market st.
A NEW story and half cottage, 6 rooms and
FINANCIAL. ]'-\
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
• sold; stock accented for services. : * Send ' for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 32(> Post.
_;'•;¦__ •; _ _ y^^ 8 to ]L yj T - ... _ ,_„_,.: .„ ,' ;
.ELEGANT 8-room flat;' sunny; bonton loca-
tion; 2957 Jackson st. SPECK & CO.. 667
y < Market st . .
EXCEPTIONAL offer; 1 month free for a
j downtown, modern flat: see 1162 Ellis et.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. . -¦- ' ¦
AN eleaant upper flat 6 sunny rooms and
, basement; just completed;' corner Seventeenth
and Hartford st3.; half block from Market
st. ; 33 minutes' ride. of Golden Gate Park.
THREE modern sunny flats. 6 rooms and bath:
¦ Alabama st, near Twenty-fourth; reasonable. /
Inquire 2951 Twenty-fourth fit. cor. Alabama, f
A MODERN flat of 5 rooms and bath. Rlncon
Hill. 161 Hawthorne st, near Harrison^
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments. ?Al<i Twentieth, st. near Capp.
$30—8 SUNNY rooms and bath; 3 basins; large
: basement: rear st. : 24 Dorland, nr. -Guerrero.
SUNNY flat;3 rooms, yard; water free; $10.'
356 Third st. ' ..- ,
S FURNISHED FLAT 'WANTED. ,
WArtED— MALE.
A. . MURRAY' &• READY, 634-636 Clay St..
..............Phone Main 584a.....
.: Leading. Employment and Labor Agents...
• • • -State of Utah. .\ . ... .....
...*.... ...State of Nevada.....
•'••. ......State of Arizona..............
.. ..5000 Railroad -men wanted. ........
-FREE ...; .SPECIAL ..FREE
................ .Ship daily V
Salt Lake division. Moleen, ' Rokeby, Felen,
Wells. Carlin, Battle Mtn., Palisade, Reno,'
Wadsworth, Clarke,, Lucln.Stonehouse, Pres-
cott/ ......:
• "••••••. free ..!!..!.!!..!!!!.'.
1000 Teamster. . . . .50 car dumpers
1500 Laborers 1000 Concrete mixers
Drillers, Rockmen. . . .Carpenters, helpers
......... . . . .SHIP FREE DAILY
....J5 Laborers Santa Ke Co.'s own work....
/ -..¦.. ARIZONA
/ ....50 Teamsters RR. work near Prescott....
I . . ...... .... . . MINES • • • • • .
50 Laborers, good mine, north, no experi-
ence required, $10 to $52 and fd.; 10 laborers,
gold quartz mine, fare $3 00, $60; 15 laborer
South, no experience required on this job!
5 $-12 and f d. ; 10 miners. South $57 and fd.;
• 15 miners, North, $75 and $90
....... .List of jobs ready at 7 a. m
• ¦ • MISCELLANEOUS ...........
- Married teamster, i country job year round,
$45 and house; deckhand for dnldger, $35 and
fd. ;; hostler, country livery, $A5; ti stable-
men; -coachman, good Job, Alamvda County,
?Jo and found; drive delivery wxyon, : city;
10 men to clean bricks; 10 boys to learn
trades; _20 boys, factories; choreman for an
mP WAJ^j^WALE^Bii.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
LAUNDRY help wanted — First-class ironers.
Apply Stanford French Laundry. Palo Alto.
DISHWASHER — $15 a month and lodging.
1750 & Mission st.
ERRAND boy at ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia
street - —
BARBER in wholesale district wants work
Sunday morning. Box 1097, Call otflce.
WANTED— A /good barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 1805 Howard st. . • ¦ ---;..'
BELL boy to make himself useful. 29 Stock-
ton st.
WANTED — A porter; steady young man. Call
before 8, Golden West Hotel. ¦. •'.¦' • . ¦ ' v
WANTED— A middle-aged man to work on
farm. Apply Tenth st.
WANTED — Tailors to work by the week; $1S
per week: steady work. S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 27 Geary st. Qm '
WANTED — First-class practical cutter. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 71S Market st.
UNDERPRESSERS wanted; good pay; steady
work. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st
COAT Dressers wanted: steady work; $20 per
week. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary »t.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERiTenglnes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont «t.
TEXTS— TENTS— TENTS.
750 to 1000 new »nd second-hand tents to re^t
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'9
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Prumm.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock: Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or/ rented. Th»
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
BABY buggy and new folding gocart: reason-
able. 8 Birch ave., near Larkin St.; fore-
noons. .* , . ¦ .--.¦ '
PLEASURE schooner for sale: 50 feet lonir.
16.2-ft. beam. For particulars apply Call-
fornla Yachting CInh. Oakland. • \
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
FOR SALE — A lady's "White" wheel, nearly
new; price $15; bargain; cost $50. 383 14th.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 130 Beale st
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia st. cor. 13th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. HO* Montg*y.
20 rooms ; clears $C0-. 200
18 rooms; just listed 650
-80 rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; noiih Market; clears $100.... 1300
100 rooms; clears $«00 9500
RETSLOFF, McMILLEN & CO.. tel. John 531.
90tj Market, cor. Ellis (upstair?, rooms 7-8).
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
- prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
SO rooms; sunny; gc-od renter 950
S rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
II rooms; downtown: good 700
18 rocms: rent $37 SO; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.' -
A. CAMERON & CO.. .
850 Market st and 8 Stockton et.
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you: have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to show
houses: carriage at door. Money loaned, 1%
per cent. t
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market st., upstairs, near Call building.
A — biff — free — list — at — my— office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-.S." Good titles; easy terms.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 6000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms: rent very low; bargain 600
40 rocms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, rcadhouses. flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market, st. — (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
-' ; 'V.- V Xew houses to lease.
TO buy a lodging-b^vse, boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of • '
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Xo. 917 Market st. bet. 5th and 6th.
Money leaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
WIXSTOX & WOLF.
Phone Jessie 2211. 102C Market st.
21 rooms; rent $50: part cash $12"0
45 rooms; rent $100; new furuiture.. .. 2503
28 rooms: must sell: make offer; cheap rent.
39 rooms; rent $82: a money-maker.. 1850
98 rms.; modern; elev. ; cor.; reduced. 6500
A — $600: LODGIXG-HOUSE. 2(5 rooms. 30
beds; rent S20: best location on water front
Call R. G. WILKE, 26>4 Kearny st. •
' CORXER house; 12 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 12511s Mis-
sion st, cor. Ninth.
$100 WILL put you In a 16-room house; newly
furnished: will clear $. r i0 over expenses. In-
quire at 842 Howard st
$75 WILL put you in a house newly furnished,
clearing $25 per month. Inquire 842 Howard.
$300—9 HOUSEKEEFlXG rooms; gas ranges;
pays $25. JAMES MORSE. 632 Market, r. 5.
FOR SALE — 12-room transient house; paying:
cheap rent. 219A Mason st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages,, sent to any address In »hs
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage Dald.
Dtim, moaern. o<>«>*. rsinetecntn St.. Det. xsoe
and Sanchez: near two car lines.
$12 50 — 4 ROOMS; nearly new. Douglass and
Twenty-first sts. : Castro cars. .
?¦ DENTISTS.
A GRADUATE specialist in each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices in S. F. ;
painless extraction. 50c; open Sundays and
¦ evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
- W. PERKINS, Pres.. 9«9 Mission st, SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
leEsly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk et., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A XEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, ,50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago' Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 23c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
corset- making taught ; patterns cut 1019 Mkt.
.Fashionable dressmaker — Miss L. V. Clarke,
1123 Powell; .orders promptly attended to.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL Of'~ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING^ — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue "free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College. 1236 Market st. ¦-
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. ¦ Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc.. with Golden
Gate Commercial College. 530 Golden Gate.
Address Avers* Business College, 723 Market
st.. for their new catalogue: it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,mlnlng,mech.,sur-
vey,. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nat lien School. 113 Fulton,/nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH lessons and translations at'AYREa 1
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 723 Market st.
Chicago Business Colk-ge. 143T. Market? nr.lOth:
WANTED— To rent, furnished' flat or cottage
In good condition to responsible party; family
of three. FRANCES. 798 Sutter st.
JFURyiTURE FOR SALE. -
4 ROOMS^u7nlSeTTiroak7$48 SoTwlUi No 7
range; King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
FURNISHED house, 6 rooms, bath; 3 rooms
bring in $20; rent $17. 320 Linden ave.
FURNITURE WANTED. .
OTTO MAX. 1420 Calif orn7a~st ; pays highest
price for houses, flats, stores, etc. ; auction
estimates made. Phone Larkin 050.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOOLPERT, 773 Mission 'st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FUR J> ITURE A>D '.MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell st; tel. Bush 421.
. GLOVES. '
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never* wear others; warranted. 121' Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
•'• • • HOTEL DEPARTMENT ; .
We have places for every waitress, chamber-
maid to wait, fancy ironer, laundress, that
want work either in the city or the country,
experienced or ' inxperienced, besides some
places for chambermaids, cooks, assistants.
........ FAMILY DEPARTMENT
In this department we can give you work as
cook, housegirl. nurse or assist with house-
work at best of wages; call and Investigate.
C R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st,
(Opposite California Hotel, bet. Kearny st
and Grant ave.
A— FOUR extra waitresses, country, $1 50 per
o^r and ,£ ee fare both wa y s - c - **• HAN-
SEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
A J T VAITRESS f °r the nurses* and children's
dining-room, watering resort. $20; nice place.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st
WANTED— Head waitress, country hotel, $35;
coo<vfamily hotel. $40; cook, small restaur-
ant. 5oO; man and wife, kitchen work $50;
German nurse, infant, $20; 6 waitresses for
springs, fare paid. $25; cook for ranch hands
?^t>; b chambermaids, assist waiting $20-$25-
laundress. $30: 4 second girls city and coun-
try $20-$25; 25 girls for general housework,
$20-$25-$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.
334 Sutter st. " *
A WAITRESS for Yosemlte Valley, $25 and
fare paid; a lady's maid, must sew well, $25-
arlor maid ana waitress for 2 In family,
$o0; a girl to do chamber work for hotel in
city. $20; a chambermaid for a resort. $20.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. nr. Powell.
TWO waitresses for springs. $20 and fare paid
both ways. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
Bt, near Powell. . 1
50 WAITRESSES, springs, mountain and water
(resorts, $25; also commercial and city hotels.
MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
TWO chambermaids, same springs, $20; cham-
bermaid, mountain resort, $20. MRS M E
DAY, 335 Geary st . ' ¦'
A PANTRY woman, water resort, $25. MRS.
M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st. "
iiisiiiuiiuij, *.su ana xa. • •
••-• MARRIED HELP
3 farmers and wives.. $40. $45, $50 and found
Milker and wife, see boss here.. $45 & found
.Man and wife, hotel, man for waiting, wife
lor cnamberwork, fare $1.... $45 and found
. ... Get Our Dally List '.;... J
.../.MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT .
3 carpenters, country, 8 hours, $3 50 day-
stonemason, country,. $5 day; sheet-iron
. worker, city; yourfg man with some experi-
ence at painting, $40 and found; 10 black-
smiths, camps', ranches, shops, $35 to $75 and
¦ found ; 10 blacksmiths* helpers, city and
country, $2 50, $2, $30 and found; harness
maker, ranch, steady job; 3 millwrights;
cooper, country ; woodworker, old man
.HAY AND HARVEST CREWS......
.. ... FARMS AND DAIRIES
63 men for hay fields, $1 25 and $1 50 day;
68 men for harvest fields, $2 to $2 50 day
'2? •S. und; 5 sack sewe rs for threshing out-
»"• *52 and found; 77 farmers, steady jobs,
$30; 10 teamsters on a big ranch. $30 and
• round; 17 choremen for ranches, $25 and $30
and found; 10 choreboys for ranches; 10 milk-
ers, north, fare paid. $35; 70 milkers, other
places. $3o and $40 and found; budder for
nursery, $52 and found; 3 choremen" and
make butter, $30 and found
F» LABORERS
10 laborers, 8 hours, city job; 10 laborers,
salt works. Nevada, fare returned, $2 25 day;
/. i., men for laborln sr work in all parts of
California; 15 laborers, factory work, wages
$1 1 5 to $2 50 day
iw,;;;-;- TO THE mountains '.'.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'.
SAWMILLS. WOOD ... .YARDS
if you want healthy climate, go to the lumber
districts ...;
..........WE PAY YOUR FARE.". ."."."".'."."
15*9 men to work In sawmills, woods and
yards, no experience required, any willing
man can fill the bill, wages $30 to $75 and
found; fare paid; 10 lumber pliers, Santa
Cruz County, $35 and f d. ; 6 car loaders
lumber yard, fare $2 00, $40 and f d • 25
lumber pi;ers, North. $45 and fd.; 20 woods-
men, crosscut sawyers, Jack setters, etc.
See boss here; $45 and fd. Free fare......
, Bookkeeper and : stenographer for ranch,
steady Job; $40 and fd. -
GET* OUR DAILY LISTS OF JOBS
• • • • .'Hotels, Bakeries, etc.
25 cooks, hotels and restaurants, city and
country; $35. $40. $50 and $60 and.fd.
15 cooks camps and ranches, $30. $35 and
tin i «,„' d - : 1°^ waiters, citj* and .country.
fA ? n $ i?i? nd l A '' 3 wa iters, mine, $30 and
id.; 40 dishwashers, potwashers and kitchen
hands; scrub porter, springs, $25 and fd.;
4 porters, $20 and $25 and fd.; 3 bakers
hotels, cake baker; baker's helper, bell boys
elevator boys, 3 butchers; young man for
butcher shop, take orders, $25 and fd
We issue a dally list get one
....MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St!!I!
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third at
......TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA. V..
Free fare Free fare
100 teamsters ...$2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rockmen $2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE ...FREE FARE
Mendocino County. . ..Big sawmill
50 railroad laborers. $20 per month and board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
A;;;A'^:a---' 2(} to * 65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY. FREE FARE
5 carpenters* helpers ....$2 per" day
2 sack sewers ...$2 per day and board
3 carpenters, country .$3 50 per day
10 lumber pliers, sawmill :
$40 per month and board
2 head setters.*. .$3 per day
20 woodsmen. .$40 to $60 per month and board
4 smelter men .$72 per month
¦ Camp cook. 35 men $40 a month
Man to stack hay . . .$2 Der dav and hnarri
BARBERS — Good 2-chaIr shop must be sold
this week. DECKLEMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
8. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply, at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Young Intelligent man as salesman
in wholesale fruit and commission house;
good chance for the future. P. O. Box 2117.
San Francisco.
WANTED — An Al experienced cigar salesman
U> sell high-grade, heavily advertised cigars;
permanent; good salary: furnish references;
where last employed. Address box 1068. Call.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erettces. Box 213. Call.
WANTED— 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St Improvement Co.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special Inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Honest young man with $175 cash;
light contracting business; $70 month; no ex-
perience required. BROWN. 1221 Market at
WANTED— Man with $90 to take cash and
attend cigar store; $50 month: no experience
required. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
ENERGETIC young man to solicit printing
orders, etc. : salary and commission. Ga-
brlel Printing Co., 419 Sacramento st
WANTED— Boy with experience in carriags
blacksmlthing; also handy with horses; have
reference. Box 1008, Call.
WANTED— Jean Costel. the laundry man, to
communicate with the proprietor of the
laundry, Hobart Mills. Cal.
PRESSER on vests. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO., 541 Market st . v
WANTED— A kitchen boy; saloon. 634 Mont-
gomery at., between 6 and 9.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission st -
WANTED — Man to cook for 4 or 5 men- wages
$15 per month. Call 600 Haight st
WANTED — Barber, young man. good work-
man; steady. P. O. box 375, Santa Clara, Cal.
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes-
size 5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRY, 241 3d.
WANTEn — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bey' 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
. ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms;
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 833 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont tt.
A NO 1 fresh shorthorn Durham cow. 4 years
old; rich milk; gentle. 83 Shotwell st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers go N
to D. J. McMasters. SE. cor. 2d & Brannaa.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought gold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. B19 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ptc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekljr
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada, one year for O.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED for cash — Power boat that will carry
about 20 passengers; also sail boat about 30
feet long; write particulars and price. Ad-
dress J. L.. box 1121. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. 'Portland Loaa
I Office. 25 Stockton st ; phons Bush 434.
Wanted-2-dhand electric motors, all sizes. any con-
ditiofi.FamsworthElectricalWks..lS5Jessta st,
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal: will call. Box 4960, Call of flea,
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1R4 9th st: tel. Jessie 2S81.
_y_? x _ E }[ „ y* A y -
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bids.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates „
LOANS MADE *
' On first and second mortgages .«
Life Interests In estates M
Property being held in trust.......*
......Undivided interests In real estate. ....5
Estates In probate — Legacies .«
Assignment of rents. ...........
..... Life Insurance policies .*
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes.*
If you need money ....4
See HERMAN MURPHY ....«
....601-602 Examiner building «
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3^
Loans, any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages. y •%¦• ; ,
On undivided .interests In real estate.
On estates In probate. ; • .*
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest In estates. legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor, Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS* LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY!
Safe Deposit bldg.. 32S Montgomery St..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest. ¦ "# " ¦
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful- all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market.
JOHN R. AITKEX. attorney at law. Rooms
S09-10-11. Clunie bldg:-. 503 California st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kPt st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
UICVCLLIS — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEX has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying: repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin, .'Sfi5 Market, 19t8 to 1974 Page.
____JB£OKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 114a Market; teL Howard 1940.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
S550 — COAL and wood yard on Howard~Et -~es^
tabh.-h.-d 25 years; two wagons horse etc.-
a good paving business. Call R. G. WILKE
'26^3 Kt-arny st.
A— *l(K.!0; CORXER grocery and bar on .Taylor
st.; 4 Iivine-rooms; rent $45; alace «stab-
. lished years; in short, a good business. See
K. (J. WILKE. 'M'j Kearny st.
A— S14C0; SALOON on Geary e t.; choice cor-
ner; card zr.d club rooms; nice fixtures- a
weH-patrcmzed and good-paying business
__^a!i_ft._G : _VVn-KE. 2<i'^ Kearny st.
A— CORNER grccf ry and bar in beet part of
the city; owner will « e ll at Invoice Drice as
he must leave for Honolulu: will j*K-e lea«e
to a good tenant: rent »'25; with 5 rooms. $35;
a rare- chance. R. c;. WILKE. 26»j Kearny.
A— *ir>oy; SALOON established many years,
dcins a good business; clearing at least Sl&u
V^T moruh; a Ko0<1 investment Call R. G.
XV ILKE, :o'i Kearny st.
A— $750: PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
Ly-Kinej-e; article told in every grocery store-
big money in E : B ht. Call R. G. WILKE.
IMr Kearny St.
A 7' i '^L?\^7 EH a , nd chop h0UEe on LarVin
*.., rent Jit,; cood location and good busi-
nei*. C&U H. G. WILKE. S*% Kearny II
£Z£?1 P KL^ATKSSEX and dairy produce,
tmh J livinsr rooms; rent $25; choicest local
tio,,. K^o<i ysying business; rare chance for
man and^wlf^R^G^VVlLKE. 'My. Kearny.
A T^r^^"° RXER « erocery arid bar. with ;iv-
- rtESESfi* 1 !^ U 'i ; be£t Nation oa Leav-
M'll "£ £& £°° d 1)a > in K- Call R. G.
BSSffS?****"; at Mc3rl,1e & Co.'s. 765 Markt
A T* :; £Ji- KA L°O>;: rent $20; clears $75 month"
$300-EALOOX: good trade; full value- 1 h^oC
5S£g«* •»; mu* be^Vt^. 3^
HOME Realty Co. . ~^T Market (formerly Geo
Newton & Co.. 759 Market)— iJeJlUmltl hf«?"
T 'w-r, y l ~ An « Om ° B °, Cd Wins business hard".
*ss<. groceries, real cst&te. Box 1143. Call.
TO 1 bay an interest in wholesale cammls-l-li
_b"^ne«s 1 Address box lll.'i. Call offic?
$2T<)— KALOOX: rooms, larjje yard: waterfront-
t?QJ*dnaa\»V.tmxM\Mnu, bargain ; rent™ 15!
5*00 MONTHLY : partner wa^tei~wTih~$T'iir- I
naaemL profitable business; young man n-t' \
ff-md. Address box 382. San Rafael Mar'n !
County. Csl. ' ** i « l " n j
OLp- ESTABLISHED. Well equipped barber I
tliop for pale on account of sickness of own :
er. « Address, immediately The W A Mac !
Kinder Co... Atente, St. Helena. * "
1 OK tale— Small grocery and bar on account of
fircir.g KaKt. L. ECHAEFER. 1552 Folsom Et
cor. Twelfth. "' j
YOUXG man desires partner with small cap-
ltal; lady or gentleman; lucrative busines«-
good return?. BIROX. 11 Stockton st. ; .-¦¦* ".
LAUNDRY route lor sale; new wajron and ha*-- I
mfe; 2<K) customers; $400; owner going: East, j
A — 1750— CANDY and Ice cream parlor. Room
309. 827 Market st.. bet 12 and 1 o'clock.
CEXUKCE bargain In paying candy business;
XTQfis the bay; no agents. Box - 1106. . Call.
$800— RESTAURANT worth $G00: must sell at
OBC*. Address box 1001. Call office.
i
SPIRITUALISM. -
BROCKWAt" 1052~TEiUrj5tr
materializing seance; Sun., Tues. and Friday
nights. 5Oc; psychic seance Mon. and Wed.
nights, 25c; readings daily; phone Polk 2456.
SPECIAL materializing seance. 1084 Bush. S
p. m.. $1 Sceptics not admitted. Tel. 4133
Larkin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader: sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell Ft. nr. Goujrh; Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. CCS McAllister. 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance, test medium ;readings
50c, $1. 31G Third st; clr. Tues., Fri.. 25c.
EDWARD EARLE, 028 Ellis; readings daily;
phone PoSk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFr"PAUL~DESTi*NEl
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
¦ IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.'
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted dally on all
affairs of life. His information and advice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love and
family affairs, business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes epeedy marriages, makes you
successful in business, gives you' good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
ing and chronic disease that has baffled th»
physician's skill cured without medicine;
there is no home so sad and dreary/- no
heart eo forsaken and lonely, no life so
hard and blighted that cannot be set right
and kept right, after a visit to this Inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble
you may have; call and he will help you.
••PalmlEtry Taught. Mediumlxtic Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you from $10 to $25 per day. Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. in, to 8 p. a
S2C O'FARRELL STREET 320
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.; next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
peninge and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great mel
dium and you will be told how to overcome
tbem. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4569. .
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?" '
PROFESSOR MARCO •
Reunites ..the separated,- . .
Causes speedy marriages;
Advice given on any subject;
Mediums developed (guarantee);
Palmistry taught:
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Office. 412 Post Et. — «2.
Daily. 10 to 12. 2 to 5. 7 to 9.
Sunday*. 2 to R v. m.
! t '. THEO IS COMING ! ! •
A— ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered. $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A— 25c; SPECIAL $2 leading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and ppeedy marriages in 9 days. 10 to 8
dally. 1010 Mission st. near Sixth. • .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight-
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comen true; send dime & birth date
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MME. JACQUES. 1035 Market st, suite 1—
Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant; readings
dally thl3 week, 25c and up; hours 10 to 9.
MRS DR. F. CLARKE? the well-known trance
medium; permanently located at 1200 Market
ft. cor. GoMcn Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE.. 51 4~ Taylor st. clairvoyant.
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
_que£Uons; full names; 5Q C -$1 ; 30 a.m.to 8 p.m.
mme. BAVBNNA reads aifalfluentlvfibuBlneaa
adv:ce; names given; 25c. up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MARCEAU. clairvoyant "clrd reader"-
_-j cents. C25 Minna st.
UME. ODELU clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. 521^ Eddy.
Mr? Reynolds, the Tiote<1 life reader gives full
life readings for SI. 1008% Market, op. Sth.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant and high psychlsf
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk : st.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay;.full life readings 50c 221 Fifth st
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
2^c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West.dssires pupils. Mme
Carusl. Hallet School Actlng,120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue' free. *
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, fl per year.
OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — JapaneseTchU
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter ;tel". Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 415 Stock"
ton: tel Grant 168; expert, reliable help. ¦
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese helD: estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. C40.Clayi
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A STEADY competent person " wishes a posi-
tion to do general housework in small fam-
ily; understands her business; wages $20
421 Franklin st. *T'
FIRST-CLASS fitter and competent dress-,
. maker wishes work by the day in families;
city or country. Box 1118. Call office.
WANTED — Position as companion to lady trav-
ellng: can furnish references. Address MISS
SMITH, box 1120. Call office.
A YOUNG housework girl, good cook, wants a
situation near Golden Gate Park. Telephone-
Main 5472.
AMERICAN young woman, laundry and sweep-
ing and. light house-cleaning; the best refer-
t-nce; $1 5U day. Call phone 944 Howard.
FIRST-CLASS French cook wishes situation
city or country. Call or address W2 South
Park.
YOUNG lady wishes position with night school
opportunities. 41S Ivy ave., off Gough St.,
near Hayes.
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to as-
sist with light housework in small American
family; references. Apply 412 Linden ave.
CAPABLE woman wants position as house-
keeper on ranch or mining camp. 916 Howard.
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes position at gen-
eral housework. Apply 657 Willow ave.
YOUNG English lady wishes position In pho-
tography; 2 years' experience in retouching;
small salary to start. 1333 Union st.
YOUNG woman wants to do laundry work by
the cay; good laundress, or will do sweeping
or window cleaning. Box J060. Call office.
DRESSMAKER' would like few more engage-
ments; will go out or make* over dresse3 at"
home. 232 Hyd» st., room 8.
GERMAN girl wishes situation, plain" cooking
and light housework In small family; $30.
. 412 Sixth. : ; ... *, ¦
YOUNG plrl would like a .pcEition as nurse-
girl In a well-to-do family; wages $15; city
or country. Box 1110. Call office.
WANTED — By a colored woman, cooking in
private family; references. 1232 Pacific st
WINCHESTER House. 44. Third st, near Mar.
kct— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and' respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for "The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister. St. -.,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and^
t uhscrlptlc ns I has been established at i 1096
V&lencla st. ¦ ¦ , ' *
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED — MALE.
POSITION as salesman In retail or wholesale
hardware house; best references Address
' box 1152. Call office. , , : .
WANTED, 'by: man of good habits, situation
such as office work part of- day, afternoon
and evening. Room 25, 1049 Market st.
COOK wants place; good meat & pastrycook:
sober. Address W. A. JONES. Frultvale P. O.
MAN and wife want, place, city or -country;
. man gardener and outside work, ¦ woman to
do general housework. M. S., 473 'Seventh
_st,_Oakland. ' . ,
YOUNG. German. with good experience wishes
situation as fireman ¦ or second engineer.' Box I
.1070. Call of gee. , .
WANTED — A position by a first-class Chinee
eook. Address Joe Teep, Li Hung Ttep Toy '
Co.;. 753 Clay st. ¦ .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch' of flee, 2200 Flllmore.'t
A WOMAN cook for 16 men, $40; ranch cook
$25; 3 houseglrls, $30 each; second girl for an
institution, $25; a woman for housework
must sleep home, $20; cook, San Rafael $30-
2 laundresses, hotel, $25 each. MRS NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter 8 t.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
. HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. * 32>4 FREMONT'
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
PACIFIC College. 1236 Market, cor. Jones and
McAllister: learn for $5; hairdresslng, mas-
\sage. dyeing, manicuring, scalp treatment,
ventilating switches, etc.; positions guaran-
teed in stores and private: class day. eve.
WANTED— Neat girl to do plain cooking and
housework, family of 2; wages $20. vAPP^
* between 2 and 4. Thursday, apartment 11,
817 Van Ness ave. - - .
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. ROSEN-
. BLUM & ABRAHAM. Odd Fellows' bldg
HOD Market st.
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for right party
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
GIRL for housework. Apply 1148 Market st.
WANTED — Housekeeper, small family; wages
$10 up. Box 1153, Call.
WANTED — A French girl for second work- 3
In family. 1102 O'Farrell st. •
GIRL for general housework. 51 Cumberland *
St., bet. 10th and 20th. Guerrero and Dolores.
WANTED— Shoe fitters, dry and wax thread;
¦ also edge setter and bottom finisher. 26 Main.
REFINED, cultured woman for high-class po-
sltlon with wholesale house. Box 1124. Call."
GIRL to assist in light housework. 2926 Call-
fornla st. . , .
WANTED— Young girl. 14 to 15 years, to help
in bakery shop store. 2439 California st.
GIRL for housework; no washing; $15 month
1410 Laguna St.. near Geary.
WANTED — Experienced waitress at the Rich-
mond Cafe, East Yard. Cal. .-
WANTED — A woman, good cook, for men. Ap-
. ply 2030 Seventeenth st. corner Vermont
GOOD seamstress wanted. Apply to forelady,
J. T. CAVANAUGH, 355 Tehama st. .
GIRL wanted at 2643 Bryant st.
GIRL for light housework; good home; small
family. 023 Halght St. .:.--¦ \
LUNCH waitress wanted. William Tell Res-
taurant, 315 Bush et.
$4 50— HAIRDRESSING. manicuring, mas-
sage, hair work taught In 2 weeks; positions
guaranteed in stores and with private cus-
tomers. $50 and $75 per month; class day
end evening. College 233'Geary st. rs. 13-15.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only two
months required: special offer this month;
hairdressing taught In four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System . College. 635 Clay st.
GIRL or . middle-aged woman wanted to do
"housework, Alameda ;¦ wages $15. Box 1108,
Call office. /¦ • . ._ .-
FINISHERS and edge-basters wanted to work'
by the week; steady : work; good pay. *S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. -
GLOVES — Machine operators to learn glove-
fitting and banding; -steady. Carson Glove
Co., 35 Market st. " . ¦ • ¦/
GERMAN, girl for -general -housework; wages
- - $25. Call between 2 :30 and 5 ¦. p. m.V 2314
California- st. ¦ ,;. '
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON& CO.. 535 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market at." ~ \ ¦
GIRL: for. general housework;: small family;
German preferred;' $20.. 851 "Fulton, st.
WE wish i. to engage ¦ immediately a first-class
- city saleswoman. Box 1105, Call. .
SMALL girl, care for children; can sleep home.
. 506 Castro at. : •.¦;.•'. .„/- - - -.-:... - .
FIRST-CLASS, talloress on coats; good wages-
steady; call at once. : 112 Kearny st. room 7.
GIRLS wanted. Colombat's Fringe Factory.
ll.t O'Farrell. . ; ' ¦ .-> -
"WANTED— Finishers on coats. S. N.. WOOD
Cj|& CO., 27 Geary 6t.~ .'-.-.• - •
MILLINERY,-; thorough -course,- $1 per week-
day and even, class. -¦ 143 • Stockton, j room • 13.
WA .NTKD— Women and girls to work on fruit
>1<3U. Folsom " st. ¦ , ' .. -...-...
A .'BRIGHT, attractive, young lady can vasser •
¦salary and; commission. G., box 1004, , Call.
4 men to pitch hay...$l 50 per day and board
¦ Waiter, small boarding-house, country. ...$30
Dishwasher, small boarding-house, country.
¦¦¦¦¦' ¦ $25
COOK, country hotel, $50 and found: restaurant
cooks, $50 and $12 week; cook and wife, $55;-
3 hotel waiters, $25, $27 and $30 and found;
restaurant waiters; porters; yardman for re-
5prt..S25 and found; dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
2 MEN about place, $25 and $30 and found ;
coachman, $30 and found; vegetable gardener
for country, $40 and found; 2 milkers and
butter makers. $35 and $40 and found; assist-
ant dairyman, $30 and found; farmer and
wife, $40; choremen, $15, $25 and $30 and
found; stableman, $35 and found; 4 mill-
wrights for country. $3 50 day and board and
• $4 day; blacksmith, $2 50 day and found;
blacksmith helper, $2 day: COO laborers for
¦ mills, mines, quarries and brick yards $2
, day; laborers and teamsters, $2 and $2 23
day. free fare, and many others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 429 Bush St..
. • between Kearny and Grant ave.
ODDOslte California Hotel.
ATTENTION!
A Special ShiDment To-daic
FOR NEVADA AND UTAH.
No office fee Free fare
Free farn :...No office fee
Costs You Nothing. Go To-day.
Carload of teamsters .'. R. R. work
Carload of laborers R. R. work
Carload of concrete men R. R. work
Carload of tunnelmen ' R. R. work
Wages ...?2, $2 25. $2 50 and $3 a day
Come one Come all
>* -FOR CHATS WORTH PARK.
500 tunnelmen, drillers, headers and muck-
ers $2 to ?1 a day
Free fare .Shi:> daily Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
ANDRE'S Office, 310 Stockton st— Young man
as porter for club. : country, $30: porter, din-
ing-room, $25; waiter helper, $25; stableman,
country, private place.) $30 and found; restau-
rant butcher, $50, etc '
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Bar oorter, $25; 3 bellboys, springs, $15;
clerk, $20. - ¦ ;
A FIRST-CLASS butler: $50 MISS PLUXK-
ETT. 425 Sutter st. near Powell.
WANTED — By E. B. & A. L. Stone Co., team-
sters and laborers for railroad work in Ne-
vada; free fare; ship at 5:16 Monday, Wed-
nesday and Friday ...;'......
4-horse skinners $2 25 per day
Laborers $2 per day
Board $5 25 per week
Report with blankets at 900 Broadway
Oakland. - ;_ j
WANTED — For U. S.army. ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States.- oi-good character and tem-
. perate habits, who can speak, read and writ?
English./ For Information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer. 121 , New Montgomery st, San
Francisco. - or Masonic building. .Sacramento.
A — WANTED. to-day, steady man for light In-
door business: must have $150 cash and be
Sj satisfied with $75 to $100 month year around-
no experience required. Apfcly 78 Third St.,
room 2.
$750 — WANTED, young man as partner In light
manufacturing business; first-class trade al-
ready, established; clearing $100 per. month;
duties of partner, to tend store and make
himself useful. Apply 257 Fourth st.
WANTED — Steady reliable man with 5125
cash;- will pay $ltt to $1S per week; "plain
light work; experience not required: perma-
" nent place. 101C Market st.. room 10.
WANTED— Bright boy from 16 to IS years of
age for stock boy. .-. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'. ' '
BOOKKEEPER, for mercantile business. Ad-
dress In own handwriting, with - references,
stating age and experience, box 1122, Call.
RELIABLE man to take charge of aeents in
¦country; salary and commission: ¦ can ,. earn
?35 a week. Royal Portrait Co., 143 Seventh.
, : — ¦ : v— .'
EXPERIENCED hardware . salesman retail
store; wages $12 week. Box 1126, CM I office,
"„ stating age and where' last employed'.
WANTED — 5 millwrights,'* country. $4 per day"
'Apply 0 a." m.. Thursday, room 1315, Cali
building. Pacific Portland Cement Company.
COMPOSITOR; Job work. CHAS. WILSON &
.¦>¦ CO.,. 632 Market st
GORDON press feeder wanted; also cylinder
feeder. ; 113 Davis st
CLOTHING cutter ¦ on shop work.-r 20 San-
..; some. st. - . .
CITY ..traveler with : trade among saloons and
grocery stores for cigar line.'. Box 1119, Call.
STRONG boy-a3 night porter; $6. per
.. 212 O'Farrell st. - - ; ,
SEVERAL energetic salesmen | to call on I local
trade. Ad., giving particulars, box 1112, Call.
A GOOD, tailor for; busheling. 827 Suter st ,
¦near Leavenworth.-.
BARBER wants to purchase paying shop Box
1125, 'Call office. . .. *
iree pua ana paggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advtrtlsements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ¦ .
HORSES Ayp WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
70 HEIFERS; can be seen at Baden station;
San Mateo electric cars stop at place.
JOSEPH LEIPSIC. I
TO RENT— Single or double team, with or
without driver; short or long trip. 2056 Mc-
Allister st
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horsa
Exchange. 246 Third st.
FOR sale — Fast pacer; belongs to boarder.
MADIGAN & O'NEILL. Grove-st. Stable.
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET, 721 Howard.
3 CARRIAGE teams, flve^good saddle horses.
DALZIEL, 605 Golden Gate ave.
$40 — EXPRESS wagon; good condition; a bar-
gain. 417 Folsom st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons buckboard, sur-
rey.harness.work,drivlng horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp.
lug wagon for sale cheap. f>32 Mission st.
. HOUSES TO JLET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE 2-story house: 7 rooms and bath; on car
line; $14. Call 354 Geary st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR rent, furnished,- in Alameda — 10-room
I house beautifully situated on bav shore. In-
quire H. A.. SMITH, 25 Market st. .
1
$75 — HANDSOME cottage, 1 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment: nice locality; completely and ele'gantly
furn. ; must be seen be appreciated. 1067, Call.
O UTj^F-TOW N HO US E TO LET.
FULL' bearing orchard; center of Palo Alto:
small house, sparsely furnished: sink, sewer"
closet; $15 month; references. A. W. BELL*
417 Parrott bldg; see owner 1-4 p. m.
,LOST AND FOUND. ~™
$25 REWARD — Lost, a solitaire diamond ring
wrapped in green paper, In the Emporium, on
Tuesday morning: finder please return to
Mme. Germain*, 906 Market st., room 30, and
receive reward.
LOST— June 16, on 5:15 d. m. boat to Sausa-
llto, small brown satchel, containing silver
chatelaine purse, etc. Return to William
Romalne, 215 Sansome st; liberal reward.
LOST— A pearl pear-shaped pendant, with dia-
mond spray over it. on Kearny st, bet Sut-
ter and Market Return for reward to 2670
LOST— McAllister at., between Buchanan and
Polk, unfinished vest; return 1030 McAll 1 *-
ter; reward.
LOST — Tan terrier; name on collar % "Lady
H l '"< S w f ri Lo<. 434 GoW « n G *te ave.: tele-
phone Hyde 2626.
LOST— At Elks' fair grounds. Tuesday nfght
small gold watch: initials M. E. H. Return
to 50 San Pablo ave.. Oakland; reward.
LOST— Market st.. near Phelan building 3-
stone diamond ring.* Return to 111) Powell
at and receive generous reward.
LOST— Cocker spaniel, worn collar, with Jap-
anese letters and red ribbon. Reward at
1 1 jo Scott st.
LOST ,T*J B r . eward ior return diamond crescent
with star-in center: lost at Pavilion Satur-
1?5 ¦KeSS'rt" ° n Way home - NEUHAUS.
LOST— Lady's^small gold .watch and fob-
marked M. . G. M.; on Saturday., bet Cliff
House and Van Ness ave. Return to 1732
Washington st and receive reward. i " > "
LOST— A small poodle dog with yellow ears
I & t £L a ft?-F*3r*« Vallejo and y Broadway.
¦< Return 111 »«4 Kearny. Reward.
LOST— Young long-haired bluish-gray Scotch
• pect - ave. *
L °S T "T; Rc<i . greyhound ; black nose. Return to
343 Nineteenth ave.. Richmond; suitable re-
"^'?"w? tO r.' Re Sl mb * r " tbat the California
TNatch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St., needs oM gold
ana silver to make new watch cases.
jIATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
ME t r^ L b « d^ befldlnsr - «"•»? -Roods, window
shades. HOTTER. 712 Mission; tel. Main 730. !
Market 8t; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 'Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary . st ; phone Red 1603.
ON real astate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and oa
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St., room SB.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; so removal ;moaey quick;
lowest interest; easy terms: no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market 8t, room 63.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos.
¦ furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;strlctly_ confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
LO"WEST rates on furniture., etc., by prtvat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
5500,000 ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st or
2d mtgs.,und'vd. interests, estates in probats.
life Ins. policies, etc. Harper. 480 parrott bd.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.-
without removal; confiden. 935 Market r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. E.W.LICK.116 McAllister st-
3% ON furniture & pianos; $13 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. p Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
°^ I LS^ T cent on fumiture; $5 a m on th on eacH
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. U
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THIS la the best time of the year to bay*
your piano renovated and put In order. W»
have the best tuner and repairer In the city.
-and a finely equipped shop in which to do
all kinds of repairing and varnishing; first-
class work will be done at reasonable prices.
Have the piano fixed while you are away oa
your vacation. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 7BS Market st.
WISSNER. Baumeister or Stodard pianos ar»
our most popular Instruments. You can buy
on the payment plan if you wish. TH3
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; 4350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Stelnwa7 $95 to $239
2 Knabe $85 to $11(1
2 Fischer ..$75 to $155
1 Bourne $40)
Over 5000 Heine pianos In S. F. Agent* ibr
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up. —
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall, 233-237
Geary st. .
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of priced
and terms upon planes, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of be*t makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor Kearny and Sutter sts..S. F., Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlrna
•within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; co3ts you only 20c a day to buy »
piano from us. KOHLER &, CHASE, 30-
O'Farrell st; established 1850.
A CHICKERING — A VOSE — A STERLING.
A Stelnway — A Fischer — A Steck^.
And ten others from $60 up.
All uprights, easy payments, fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 ©"Farrell st.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $1CO
upward; values best In city. PIERCE' 9
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A LOT of high-grade pianos for almost a sons
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
PARTY need of cash must sacrifice handsoma
• upright piano. account daath. 486 Eddy st.
ON sale — A large Stelnway upright; good as
new; must sell. 237 Geary st.
$3 PER month— Best renting pianos In city.
Scott Curtas Piano Co.. 6<>0 Hayes st.
$160 — ALMOST new 3-pedal upright: easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister. Bt.. next Htbernra Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St.—
Steck. Everett,- Ludwls and ether good pianos.
SNAP— 2 cnly. new. $fc0; high-grade uprights.
dropped from catalogue,$250. Bruenn.20SPost
BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-S10-312 Post st; Sohmer
and other , pianos ¦ and pipe organs. . . ...-..-_
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. '.
MULLER. maker. reDairer. 2 Latham placft.PHOENIX, Ariz., June 18.-Georg© W.
ilauk died to-day of heart disease, at the
age of 65 years. . He was a pioneer of Ne
vada, California and Arizona, was 'twice
Sheriff of San Luis Obispo County, CaL,
and formerly Quite wealthy. ;
bin, lot on E line of Ninth street. 523.91 a o£
Channtne way, S 50 by E 130. lota 5 and 6»
block 13f. Map of Haft Tract, Berkeley; $ia
Mulr M. MeKelvey to Georgia A. Ingram
(married), lot on E line of Fulton street. 51.6(1
S of Russell. S 60 by E 135. lot 8, block B. Map
of Suburban Tract, subject to mortgage tot
51350. Berkeley; $10.
B. Kelsey (single) to Herman Glauch, lots 13
and 13, block C, Revised Map of Prospect Hilt
Tract, quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Township; $5.
Sclplon Vleux (single) to Aime Dauphin, lo j
on NE line of Vermont street, 500 SE 08
Laurel avenue. NE 100. SE 108 to center of
creek, S and SW along- center thereof to Nil
line of Vermont street, NW 9S:5. lots 2J> t«
31. block R. map Laurel Grove Park, Ursa
party to have life estate in said premised (re
corded June 14, 1002). life estate. Brooklyn
Township: 'gift. : -
A'me Dauphin (single) to Sdplon Vte.ux,
same, second party to have Ufa estate (record
ed June- 14, 1002. life estate, - Brooklyn Town
ship; srtft. . . : - ¦¦¦ -- .
E. C. Burr to Alameda. Sugar Company (a
corporation), survey 97, State Tide Lands, be
lmr NE % saction 8, township 4 S, range 2 W.
Washington Township; $10.
George H. and Mary M. Payne (wife) to Har
riet L. Chamberlain, lot on E line of Adellno
street. 40 S of Tenth. S 1 by E 100. Oakland;
$100.
Ann Evangelist Glynn (single) to Catherins
Paoli (widow), lot on E line of Myrtle street.
251 N of Twenty-second.. N 25- by E 125. lot
85, block 6C0. map Market Street Lots. Oak
land; $5. •"-•, • .
' San Francisco Savings Union to William and
Ida Mountain (wife), lot on N line of Merrl
mac street. 123 E of Telegraph avenua (aa It
•Misted on March 2J>. 1879). E 46 by N 145.
Oakland; grant and $10.
Mrs. -Annie Whittle (wife of Robert)- to J-
E. Bates, land at Twelfth-street bridge where
on stands Lake Merrltt Boat House, with prlv
llig-es and franchise thereof, quitclaim deed,
Oakland; $.10. . '
Dicey A. Maloon to Calvin A. Shaw, lot on
SE line of Eleventh avenue. 80 NE of East
Twenty-flrst street. NE S5 by E 130, block 130.
Clinton. East Oakland : $10.
Grade and Antoine Borel and as attorney to
Fhilena S. Perkins, lot on SE corner of San
Jose avenue and Walnut street, E 50 by S 150.
lot 18. In W Vi of block P, lands adjacent to
Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Claus Spreckels (owner) with California
Electrical Works (contractors), architect Na
thaniel Blaisdell — Electric. wiring, etc.; for-sLx
story and basement brick bulletin? on S line of
Bush street. "137:6 E of Kearny. E 68:9, 3
137:0 W 13*t*W N 25. W 34:4*3, N 112:0; to
tal. ?215C. '
James Rennle (owner) with Cahill & Hall
Elevator * Company (contractors), .architect
came — Elevator work for four-story and base
ment brick building on W line of Drumm
street, 45:10 S of Sacramento. Vf 70 by X
45:10: total. $2200.
George H. Luchslnger. Mrs. A. L. Summer
hayes, Mrs. A. Goodrich, Mrs. R. A. Bucking
ham . (owners) with Electrical Engineering
Company (contractors), architects Meyer &
O'Brien— Elevator work for a -flve-story and
basement brick- hotel building on S line of Eddy
street. 75 E of Mason. E 62:8 by S 137:6; to
tal. $2775. '
Same owners with Will & Flnck Company
(contractors), architects same — Electric wiring
and install all switches, telephone system, etc.,
for same, same; total. $1355.
' Hyman Wolf (owner) with Jones. Peterson
Si- Rountree (contractors), architect Phillpp
Sehwerdt — AH work except mantels, gas fix
tures, shades and art glass for one 3-story
frame buildir.s: with attic and basement and
one 2-story frame building with basement
(flats) on S line of Suttpr street. 82:6' "W of
Octavia. Vf 27 :fi. S SO. W 2:6. S 40, E 25. N
:!2-<> E R. N S7:C, Western Addition block 200"
total. $12,400.
Isaac Wolf (owner) with same contractors,
architects same — Same work for two buildings
"some style v as in previous contract, on S Hne
of Sutter street. 110 W of Octavia. W 27:6. S
120. E 25. N 40. E 2:6. N 80, Western Addition
block 2Q0; to^al, ?C,iCO, .
George W. Maufc
GIL.ROY, June 18.— Peter Donnelly, who
represented the Gilroy district for two
terms in the Board of Supervisors, died
this morning. He was 67 years of age
and a native of Ireland. Mr. Donnelly
came to California in the early '50' s. Fqr
many years he was a milk dealer in San
Francisco and accumulated considerable
wealth. Removing to - this county, he
purchased 3000 . acres of land and en
gaged tn stockraisingand dairying. In 1884
he was elected Supervisor on the Demo
cratic ticket, and four years later was re
elected. A widow and a sister, Mrs. J.
Fosgate of Santa Clara, survive him.
Peter Donnelly.
Finally she told him that If he did not
cease paying court to Miss Silva she
would lock him out of her house. It waa
because he remained true to his sweet
heart that his arrest and the subsequent
tragedy occurred.
From the. facts brought to light since
the suicide, it appears that Borgensen,
who was just 19 years of age, had often
declared his intention of marrying Miss
Silva. His mother tried on various occa
sions to break off the match.
SAN RAFAEL, June 13.— The funeral of
Carl Borgensen, the young man who com
mitted suicide in the Mill Valley jail be
cause his mother had caused his arrest,
took place in this city to-day, the Coroner
having charge of the obsequies. Mrs.
Martha Borgensen, mother of the dead
youth, was present, as was also hl3
sweetheart. Miss Silva. The former's
lack of distress during the funeral cere
mony and the latter's intense grief di
vided the attention of the others who at
tended the funeral.
Mrs. Borgensen shed not a tear during
the services.
LOVE ROMANCE IS BACK
OF MIIiL VALLEY TRAGEDY
Elizabeth Buchanan (widow) to Guy Howard
Bailey, undivided one-half of lot on S line of
Berkeley avenue, 369 E from Piedmont . way,
E 61:0 by S 102:5. lot 7. block E, Map of
Berkeley Homestead Association, Berkeley;
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to J. H.
Young lot on W line of Weber . street, 225 S
from Central avenue. S 50. W 119.60. N CO,
E 119.70, portion of Enclnal Park Tract, Ala
1116dn"i $~-~» ~ •
Emma L. Barker (widow) to F. B. Yoakum,
lot on N corner of Diamond and Vernon streets,
NE 603. W 430, SW 452:0, SE 562, lot 10. plat
13 Kellersberger's Map of Ranchos D. and V.,
Pe'ralta Subdivision, subject to mortgage of
S3000, Oakland: $10. ' ,
Celia M. and Lurana Denison and . Olive D.
and Richard B. Ayer to C. J. Anderson, lot on
NW corner of Tenth arid Myrtle streets," W 93
by N 100, lots 6 to 8, block 507. map of sub
division of block 567, Oakland; $10.
C H. and Kate King to County of Alameda,
all Interest In strip of land 66 feet wide, center
line described as follows: Beginning- at point
on line dividing plat K. undivided mountain and
hill lands,- from plat 74/ V. and D." Peralta Ran
cho NW Cl distant from ; SE corner of said
plat 74.' SE 43:0, SE 33 to S line of said plat K,
from which SW corner of. said plat K is dis
tant £5 feet, containing .110. of an acre, being
portion of proposed county road 3093. for use
of public road; grant. ¦ . . .- ¦ '•
Home Investment Company (corporation) to
Elizabeth McGaw. (wife of W.). lot on N line
01! Fatrview street. 270.52 E of Adeline, E 40.76,
N 122.40, W 37.50. S 13S.09, lot 16, block 4.
plat:blocks 3 and 4, Berkeley Park, Berkeley;
Rachel Searles (widow) to H. A. Cramer,
lots « and 8, -block 5. Fitchburg Homestead of
the Evergreen Park Homestead Lots, Brooklyn
Township; $10. .
Andrew and Jane C. Jones (wife) to .Antonio
Lusfo (single), lots 5 and 24, block 2. Map of
Berthler's Addition to Jones Tract, . Elmhurst,
being a subdivision '. of lots 2 and 18. Peralta
Tract, Brooklyn ¦ Township ;?10.
Martin M. and/Matilda Dunn Ho County of
Alameda, 'all in/erest in strip of land 50 feet
wide, the center of which -is described as fol
lows: V Beginning at apointort line dividing
plats \ 74 and 75, ; S 5,' E 25, • from N W corner
Henrietta and* Valentine Stubenrauch to
Sarah E. Henderson (single), lot on NB line
of East Ninth street, 100 SE of Third avenue,
SE 50 by NE 100. block 7, Clinton subject to
incumbrances as per contract of January 5,
1900, East Oakland; $10.
The Realty Syndicate Company (corporation)
to City of Oakland (corporation), easement and
right of way to construct, repair and maintain
public sewer on and -along a strip of .land 12
feet wide and extending- from 'W patent "line
of V and D. C Peralta- Rancho ¦ to center line
of Harlan street, extended N. etc.. described
in partial reconveyance from Mercantile Trust
Company, of San Francisco to Realty Syndi
cate. Oakland; '$3.
Alice C. and Philetus Everts (wife) to Charlt*
Catpy, . lot on SE corner of Broadway • and
Eleventh street, S 09:0 by E 75:6, Oakland; $10.
Franzeska Haselbacher to Neal . J. McKeon,
lot on N line, of Evoy avenue (or Fortieth
street) 502 E of Linden street, E 126 by N 256,
lots 11. 12, 29 and 30. Map Mulllkln Tract;
also lot on N line .of .Fortieth street (or Evoy
avenue), 100.70 W of Market, N 256 by W 3,
sane, subject to mortgage for $4400,- Oakland;
$10. •
Inter Nos Building and Loan Association to
Thomas Dermot. lot on W line of Spruce street,
150 S of Prospect avenue, S 50 by W 20C, lot
19, in plat 17. Amended Map Lake View, East
Oakland; $1800.
Meliscent K.- Blake (by Mrs. Elizabeth
Havens, attorney) to Ethel M. Mather (Havens)
(wife of Mason W. Mather), lot on SE corner
of Twelfth and Clay streets. E 100 by S 100,
lots 5 to 9, block 157. Kellersberger's Map,
deed given to correct 562 D. 463 and 578 D. 14,
Oakland; gift. ¦
Alameda County.
Charles and Sallie H. Page, R. T. and Louise
M. Harding to same, lot on W. corner of South
Broderick street and SE corner of Buena Vista
avenue S 143:8. W 106. NE 42:11, NE 152:1,
block E. Park Hill Homestead No. 2, excepting
SE line of -Buena Vista avenue, 115:11% NE
of Park Hill. E 11. N 0:514. SW 12:314: also
lots 25 to 27, block 13. lot 2O and E Vs of lot
2&, all of lots 30 to 32, block 20, Lake View; ?iy.
Home Building Company (corporation) to
Continental Building and Loan Association, lot
4, block 21, Sunnyside; $10.
John B. Switzer. Gussle fcymon (Swltzer).
Sam Symo'n and Lena Switzer to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $10. .
Cornelius A. and Jennie W. Buck to Edward
Hansen. lot on SW line of Fourteenth avenue
south. 225 SE of P street, SE 25 by SW 100,
lot 10, block 291. O'N. & H.; $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons' Investment Company
to Lannie M. Gray (wife of John P.). lot on
E line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 176 N of Clem
ent street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Ellen Magarne to William White, lot on E
line of Texas street, 92 N of Twentieth, N 27:9
by E 90; $10. . : - . ¦
Louis and Pauline Schoenberg .* to James
Whitney, lot on SE line of Market street, 55
SW of Eighth, SW 20 by SE 80; $10.
. Camilla F. Jesse (widow) to Eyre Investment
Company (corporation), lot on S Hne of. Na
toma street (Everett), 312 SW of Third, S 80
by W 44 :S; $7200. . "
John A. Whelan to George H. and Richard
W. Dwyer, lot on S line of Dow place. 199 SW
of Second street. SW 23:10% by SE 90:6; $10.
Peter Demartlnl. alias Pietro Demattihi, to
Virginia Cervelli and Angelo de Martini, un
divided H of lot on SW corner of Union street
and Union place, distant 1*6:3 E from Stock
ton street. W 24 by S 5S:9; $1500.
Gianbatista and Margherita Caprile to Cuneo
and Costa Company (corporation), lot on W
line of DuDont street. 77:6 ~N of Pacific, N 20
by W 72: $10. ,
W. A. L., Alfred H., Charles M. and Annie L.
Miller to T. Z. Blakeman, lot on N line of
Geary street, 195 E of Dupont, E.20 by N
122:6; $17,680.
Mary Callahan and Michael Mulkern to Bar
bara Clarke, lot on E line of Montgomery street,
117:6 N of Filbert. N 20 by E 5tt:3; $10.
Robert V. and Henrietta B. Bonell to John
J and'Mary E. O'Meara, lot on S line of Twen
ty-third street, 25 S of Chattanooga. W 25 by
S 8S; *10. t . .. . .
Louis R. and Gertrude H. Radeesky, . Mary
A. and Keziah Henarie. Maud H. Norton to
Henry Planz,. lot on N line of Twenty-second
street, 215 W of Valencia. W 05 by N 114; $10.
Joseph and Katharina Steiner to Mary Varty,
lot on S line of Brosnan street, 84 E of Guerrero,
E 28 by S 82; $10.
Sadie R. and Warren F. Mills to Ella Kllr.e
(Wife of G. W.), lot on W line of Fillmore
street, 5S:8H : N of Pacific avenue. N 50 by W
100; $10. \ ¦
Grace Nichols- and . Belle N. Southworth
(Nichols) to Louise N. Wilkins. lot on S line
of Broadway, 34:4>£ E of Pierce St., E 34:1}£
by S 137 :ti; S10. . . . "
S. N. and Henrietta M. Wood to Carrie
Green, lot on N line of Page street, .193:1 S,W
of Central avenue, W 12:G by N 137:6; gift.
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 18,
BE AL . ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
In conclusion the witness said that th.o
insurrection in Tayabas and Batangaa
provinces had been broken up as a result
of the methods adopted by General J.
Franklin Bell in conducting the campaign
there. " • « • - •-
He declared that he could have called,
100 riflemen and 400 bolomen in Tayaba3
province, and this without counting upon,
the men he could have raised in the other
provinces; that the people in the towns of
Tayabas obeyed the orders issued by the
American authorities as well as his own.
He sent supplies to the insurgents, he
said, and then after the lapse of a
few days would notify the Americans
that such supplies had gone out. This.
Malvar ordered the townspeople to do, in
order that they might not be suspected
by the Americans of disloyalty.
Major Cornelius Gardener called tl>©
former Insurgent General Malvajr, who
surrendered m Batangas province last
April, to testify to-day before the board
which is investigating . the charged
brought by Major Gardener concerning
conditions in Tayabua province, Luzon.
General Malyar said Tayabas had been,
one of the best disciplined insurgent
sirongholds under his control, and that
each municipality. in the-province has re
ceived him. ... : -. " ' .'¦
Colonel Baldwin says that the Sultana
of Biicolor and Masain will have to be
taken prisoners before permanent peace
in Mindanao is possible.
"We ask you to retire to Malabang;
we do not want you in the Lake Lanao
district unless you will join our religion
and adopt our customs. In case you do
not so desire all the -dattos will makt*
war on you, because here there is bat
one religion, that of Stamboul."
MANILA, June 18.— Colonel Frank D.
Baldwin of the Twenty-seventh infantry,
who is stationed on the island of Min
danao, sent a letter to the Sultan of
Bacolor in which he sets forth the in
tentions of the American authorities. Col
onel Baldwin said, among other thl»gs,
that the Americans did not intend to- in
terfere with the religion, p lurality of
wives or property of the Moros. The fol
lowing, reply has been received from the
Sultan by Colonel Baldwin:
VIEW COSTLY PLANTS.
At the conclusion of the testing the
visitors were received at the Oakland
Gas, Light and Heat Company's plant by
Superintendent G. .C. Holberton. More •
than an hour was passed in inspecting the t
steam plant, arc alternating* machinery
and direct current. The next place of in
terest visited was the Piedmont power
house and the Oakland Transit Com
pany's plant. Superintendent Brown re
ceived the electricians and escorted them
over the house and some time was passed
in inspecting the machinery and electric
appliances. •' . -I
The aggregate value of the plants in
spected by the electricians amounts to
almost half a million of dollars.
Mr. Farrar said during the inspection
that San Francisco and Oakland were far
ahead of his State, Michigan, in the mat
ter of electric plants. He not only ex
pressed his great surprise at the admir
able order of everything he saw in Oak
land's electric power-houses, but was
astonished to find the most modern plant
in each of >the establishments visited.
of plat 74. 'said beginning" point being the" In
tersection of E boundary line Town ; of ; Berke
ley, and a line 8 featN^and parallel- -wit'n
S line of Russell street, as per map Ball Tract,
thence along old Kennedy grade NE- S4G to
station 1,' SE 141:9 to station 2, SE 165 to
station 3, SE 100 to station 4, SE GOO to
station 5. SE 150 to station 6, SE 100 to station
7, SE 27C to station 8. SE 110 to station 9,
SE 131:5 to station 9%. SE 8G:5 to line divid
ing: lands of M. M. and Matilda Dunn (wife)
from lands estate of- Adams, containing 2.19
acres, being a portion of plat 74, V. and D.
Peralta Rancho. for use of a' public road to be
known as portion of county road No.- 3093,
Oakland Township: grant.' ,
Edson F. and John Charles Adams and Julia
P. A. Prather to same, . all interest in strip
of land 66-. feet wide, the center of whieh is
described as follows :" Beginning at a "point
on line dividing- plat K,~ undivided mountain
or hill lands Y. and D. Peralta Rancho; from
plat 74, NW 61 from SE corner 'of said plat
74, thence NW 192. NW 16S:5,. NW. 178." NW
108. NW. 196:5. NW 143:5, NW 181. NW 25S
to a point from, which live oak marked "B.
T.". bears SE SO feet distant, thence NW 210;
NW 350, NW 61:3 to a 2 by 2 stake at corner
of a gate on dividing line between estate of
Edson Adams and M. M. Dunn, containing 3.07
acres, v being, a portion of said plat 74. for • use
of a public road aa above, Oakland Township ;
grant. ... ... . _ . : . ¦" ; .
Carrie "R. Sterling and George Sterling (and
as attorney) . to same, all interest in strip of.
land .06 feet In width, center of- which 13. de
scribed as follows: Beginning at a- point on
line dividing plats D and F, undivided moun
tain or hill lands V. and'D. Peralta Rancho.
and from which the NE" "corner of saidplat'F
bears NW distant 844 feet, thence' NE 5O. NE
132:9, NE 100, NW 100. NW 120/ NE 45. NE
137. to point from which a. live oak' 36 inches In
diameter marked E T bears SE distant. S~ feet.
NE 135. NE 70. NE 170. NW SO. NW 230., NE
46, NE 100. NE 100. NE 100. NE 100. NW 170,
NW 100, NW 00, NE 30, NE 80, SE 00. SE 100.
SE 70. NE 100. SE 80. NE 140. NE 60. NW
240. NW 200. NW 00. NW -100. NE 175. to
point from which live oak 12 inches In diam*
eter marked VR B T" bears NW 52:4. NW
100, NW 100. NE 200, NE 100. NWi 130. to
point from which live oak 16' inches In diam
eter marked R86BT bears SE 43 J3 distant.
NE 45. NE 1C0. NE 75. NE 200 NE 100. NW
110, NE 115, SE 100 SE 215. SE 140, NE 120.
SE 45. S\V 100. SW 170, SE 70. SE 105. SW
200, SE 80 E 200. E 1C0. NE 150. SE 30. SW
ISO, to point from which live oak 20 inches in
diameter marked R 100 B T bears SW 111 feet
distant, thence SW 100. SB CO NE 330. SE SO.
SW 170 SE T.O. NE 145. NE 125. SE 115.. NE
255. NB SO; SE 213. Np 112:3 to mouth ot old
tunnel at". 504:3. line dividing Alameda and
Contra Costa counties, from which S A , post
bears NW^.GC0:3. containing 14.63.1 acres, .and
being portion county, road No. 3093. for public
road. ' First party reserves right to all water
flowing in or to flow in from said strip of land
above or below the surface, valuable consider
ation.-Oakland Township; grant.,
¦Ellen H. Chabotto same, all Interest in strip
of land GO, feet wide, center line described as
follows: Beginning at a point on dividing line,
between plats K and F, undivided mountain or
hill lands. 33 E from SW corner of said plat
K. thence. SE 129. SE 148.5. SE 100, SE 130.
SE 1U0.S. SE 61, SW S5, SE SO, SE 153 to point
from which live oak 8 inches in diameter
marked B..T.. bears NE 20 feet distant, thenca
SE ICO. SE 200.7. SE 150, SE 309.8, SE 175. NE
125, NE 200, NE 95, NE 70. SE 35, SE Co. SE
40 to piint from which center trunk; of three
pronged cak 7 inches in diameter marked VR..
B T." bears SW 40..1 distant. NE 375, NE 1C5.
SE 145, SE 227, NE 55, NE 149 to point on line
dividing plats F and D. from which NE corner
of said plat F bears NW 841 ftet distant, said
point being also on line dividing lands of Miss
Ellen H. Chabot : from . lands of Evan J. Cole
man, containing C.S04 acres and being portion
of County road No. SOO.'J. for use of public road
(recorded June 14, .1902). Oakland Township:
grant. ' . .• ¦-¦
II. and Eliza E. Rinehart (wife) to Louis D.
Reeb (single). E % of lot 20. blocK P. Map of
Property of Central Land Company, Oakland;
$10. ..-. . . . ,:..; . "..--.. - :
Catherine Slattery (widow) to William Cgr-
The first insulator test punctured at 96,
000 volts; the second insulator stood a
harder test, for it was not disturbed un
til 1O0.0OO volts hissed and cracked like
volleys from musketry and succeeded in
making a puncture. The third insulator
tested stood the terrific strain of 127,000
volts without being punctured.
The fourth test was made to show, a
breaking down of the atmosphere between
two needle points separated twelve and a
half inches. The air broke down and the
arc jumped across the space at 120,000
volts. '•¦.'.- ¦-. • . ' :
These demonstrations were watched
with the keenest' attention, the elec
tricians crowding into the testroom and
around the door and at times dangerously
near to the wires, which necessitated
many words of warning.
GREAT ELECTRICAL TESTS.
Messrs. Poole and Friday 'had prepared
for and gave an exhibition of testing the
high tension line insulators. /Three in
sulators were set up on the testing rack
with the object of demonstrating the
methods adopted by the company of test
ing with voltages ranging from 60,000 to
127,000. ¦
The first place of interest visited by the
electricians was ,. the sub-station of the
Standard Electric Company^ Oakland,
where II. C. Friday, the superintendent
of the station, was in waiting to receive
the guests.
Inspection was made of the fine ma
chinery and of the buildings.
Mr. Poole's party consisted of C. E.
Sedgwick of the Hllo Electric Light Com
pany; A. J. . Bowie Jr., Union Iron
Works; "W. Stuart Smith, T. E. The
berath, Bay Counties Power Company;
Robert McF- Dobel, Q, U. Holley, Mount
Whitney Power Company, Vtsalia; F. G.
9aum; electric engineering department,
Stanford University; Williafn B. New
hall; A. W. Buchanan, assistant engineer
Edison Electric Company, Los Angeles;
R. Bennett, E. J. Crawford, San Joaquin
Electric Company; J. R. Thompson, Port
land General Electric Company, Portland,
Or.; C. W. Hutton, chief engineer Sacra
mento Electric. Gas and Railroad Com
pany; John C. Farrar. Brighton, Mich.;
W. Blank, Chicago; M. L. Osier, Amer
ican Steel - and Wire Company; T. S.
Clark, Wagner-Bullpck Electric Company,
and R. Crowell, Sacramento Electric,
Gas and Railroad Company.
PARTY OF EXPERTS.
Members of the Pacific Coast 1 Electric
Transmission Association met yesterday
morning at the maple room of the Palace
Hotel in their second and last day's ses
sion. The learned papers read the pre
vious evening increased the interest in
the sixth annual convention and drew a
very large and representative body of
men together to participate in the closing
discussions. • ....
"Surges in Transmission Circuits" -was
the first paper and was read by F. G.
Baum. The author . demonstrated pheno
mena incident to the ' operations. An
other paper by C W.Hutton; entitled
"Wrinkles," was a. treatise on. the subject
of , transmission by \ -low frequencies.
Messrs. Stark Doble and Eastwood took a
prominent part in therilscussions that fol
lowed the reading of the papers, iv- ¦
I After luncheon the visiting delegates ac
cepted invitations to visit important elec
tric plants in and outside the city.
P. Low conducted one party among the
local electric industries and C. O. Poole
took a- number of the electricians to Oak
land, where -a hearty welcome was ac
corded them. .. :
Only Men of Mohammedan
Faith Are Wanted in
Lake Lanao District.
Plants of Half Million Value
Objects of Much Admi
' ration. -
Asks That the American
Troops Retire to
Malabang-.
Hundred Thousand Volts
Burst High Tension
Insulators.
MORO SULTAN
STILL DEFIANT
EXPERTS WATCH
ELECTRIC FORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAYj JUNE 19, 1902.
13
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
- ' Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager tor
theUnited Undertakers' Association; M. J.
- McBrearty, with. the same company for 10
years; P. V. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
. nor & Co..' have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission . St., : between Seventh
and Kighth. Telephone South 44.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly, with McGinn Bros., has opened
' new Funeral. Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet.
•¦'¦ Taylor .arid Jones. ;. Telephone . South B76. i
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367. •
Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
The following marriaue licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Jphn W.' Hlnkel.. 24. 740 Castro- street, and
Julia Sullivan, 21, 579 Liberty street.
Ralph E. Peck, '33, 2114 Steiner street, and
M. Eloise Purdy, 27, 2114 Steiner street.
Matti Mlkkelson, 30, 243 Clara street, and
Ida A. Coskella, 24, 261 Clara street. H,i. ; .
Isadora Pfahls, 34, 317 Paris street, and
Maria L. Cooper, 48, 317 Paris street.
Frederick W. Kennett, ' 21. 38 Silver atreet.
and Florence H. Tapley, 18, 73U Harrjson St.
John H. Martin, 30, Bremerton, Wash.,: and
Margaret Easton, 25, 010 Buchanan Rtreet.
Frank Bradley, 25, 822 . Minnesota street,
and Catharine Young. 25, 110»,4 Langton street.
Robert Grauer. 28, 1276 Eddy street, and
Minnie Harris, 27, ,1210 Buchanan street.- ;.•¦:
Simon " Benjamin. 21, 510 A Natpma . street,
and Hattie Beck, 18. 519 Natoma street.
Cliarles J. Donovan, 23, 1418 Turk ¦ street,
and Agnes E. Neary, 20, 1040 Golden Gate ave.
Henry J. Morris, 30, 331 Fourth street, and
May R. ' Harrison, 24, 1521 Bryant street.
Harry S. Anderson, 33. city, and Emelie M.
Oyen, 23, city. . , '
1 Louis Sanders. 26, 231 Seventh street/ and
Ida RojenberK, IS, 1528 Howard street.
¦ . '• ¦ '/-!?'-
MAICRIAGE LICENSES
t8uccessor to Flannagan & Gallagher.*
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr -
FUNERAL- DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa
20 Fifth st:. opposita Lincoln School. •
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO.
VITAOPATIIY
DO you «uffer from rheumatism or any kindred
ailments or trouble of any kind? Try "Vita-
opathy." . IVAN MCLAUGHLIN, 1104 Mar-
ket, rooms 11 & 12; free treatment Wednei.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
P^R^?E^tol5oL?H^t^ragT^~M^Tng^o7r^
flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ez. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Miesion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKIN'S Van and Storage Co., C30 Market st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storaire and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.:, phone Jackson 2SL
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
LAM BOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or. single; steam heat. • :
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS
THE MCALLISTER, 503 Van Ness ave.; Just
opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with cr without bath; excellent table;
references. .
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new, strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened Jul7
i'0: rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises; electric light and elevator; private
baths: " single and 'suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones en every floor.
AND BOARD.
A BRANCH office for Call^advertlsements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
VAN NESS ave.. 320— Elegantly furnished
rooms, all modern conveniences; most de-
sirable part of city; very low rates.
SUTTER. 340— Elegant furnished rooms, with
or without board; bath; 10 minutes' walk of
Kearny st.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished,
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; v/eek, $2
to $8; month, $8 to ?30; elevator on ground
tloor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath-j.
O'FARRELL. 402, corner Taylor — Nice sunny
suites or in single; running water.
O'FARRELL. 324 — Nicely furnished room suit-
able for two gentlemen or man and wife.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
MISSION, 1514, near 11th.— Clean, cheerful
room; suitable for 1 1 or 2 persons; $1 50 week.
MINNA. CC7, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week: transient, i
JESSIE, 371— East of U. S. Mint; . furnished
rooms. $5 per month.
JESSIE, 363— Near Fifth and Market; furnished
rooms, SI per week.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms -35c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to ?5 week; reading room.
HAYES. 829 — Large furnished room for two
gentlemen; breakfast and supper optional.
FOLSOM, 820, near 4th — $1 per Week, furnished
rooms. , '
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50. ?C week; open all night.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
BUSH. 1402 — Neat, clean furnished rooms; sun
all day; rent reasonable.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No*. 1
Fifth s\.)i rooms 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night,
$1 50 to $10 per week; house open all night.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to 51 p'.r night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light .housekeeping^rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
eunny: 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In California.
I1OO3IS TO LET — Furn. and Unt'urn.
A^G^Lias7?7??rrrrTTTrrrrrrrrrrTrN^^
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view. 530
Stockton Et.. bet. Bush and Pine.
TAYLOR, 246, cor. ¦ E1113 — 3 sunny connecting
housekpg. & single rms.; phone Howard 1777.
VAN NESS ave.. 402— Entire upper flat: 3
rooms; neatly furnished; gas stove: bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
SEVENTH. 191 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms to rent. '
OCTAVIA. 1303. cor. Geary — Nice sunny bay-
window front parlor, kitchen, gas sto.ve; $13.
NINTH, 221 — 2 large housekeeping rooms to
rent.
MISSION. 2503%— 2 complete housekeeping
rooms -with gas stove; rent reasonable.
JESSIE/ 333 — Large sunny room, furnished;
housekeeping: stove; yard; $9.
GOUGH, 115. — Handsome, sunny bay window,
parlor and kitchen; bath, pas; $1S per month.
. . FUNERAL REFORM BOYCOTT.
The undertakers of San Francisco are un-
friendly .to cremation because the expense is
very much less than that of "interment.- They
know that if cremation, sets . the pace In. fu-
neral reform reduced prices must be- met, or
graveyards closed. They control over five
hundred hacks, the drivers of which belong
to the Hackmen's Union, Local No. 224. That
union (through misrepresentation made to
them)' has resolved not to drive for us at our
funerals or rent hacks to attend them.- '
We think the friends of cremation will. If
necessary, dispense with a string of hacks
and the services of the undertakers rather
than see Incineration obstructed by a cause-
less, heartless boycott of the dead.
We own two first-class carriages and- at-
tractive hearses ; and horses, which we will
furnish upon application. For further In-
formation, call at No. 429 Golden Gate ave.
THE ODD FELLOWS' CEMETERY ASSO-
CIATION. . GEO. T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON, Secretary.
BIRCH ave.. 615, bet. Laguna and Buchanan —
$7; 3 housekeeping rooms. ¦ > - -
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts.
(n?"FrlOTids and acquaintances are resoeet
fully invited to attend the funeral to-da v
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, . 010 Natoma street, thence to St
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
. tC7Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, June 19, 1902, at 1 o'clock, at her
late residence, 13 Scott place. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MOLONEY— In this city. June 18. 1902, Helen
beloved wife of the late Pntrick Moloney,
and mother of Nellie and William Velt.. a.
native of Boston, aged. 41 years . 8 months
and 8 days. ;
MURPHY— In this city, June 18, 1902, Joseph
A. Murphy Jr., darling infant son of Joseph
A. and Blanche Duane Murphy, a native of
Sfen Francisco, aged 3 months and 12 days.
. •. C^The funeral will take place Fridav
June 20, 1U02. at 1. o'clock, from the, resi-
dence of his parents, 605 -Green street, corner
Stockton. Funeral private. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. June 17, 1902, Michael
J., beloved, brother of Daniel and Thomas J
Murphy, a^natlvc of Ahavrin, County Cork
Ireland, aged 28 years.- A member , of thp
Eaglps, Knights of Tara and A. O H
No. 12. n ..
iryThe funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
-rtence of her mother, Mrs. M. E. Lauterwas-
ser, 025 Capp street, between . Twenty-fourth
and Twenty-fifth. Cremation at Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
HARRISON— In Sausalito. June 18, 1902,
Charles Henry Harrison, husband of Caro-
line J. Harrison, a native of England, aged
77 years 7 months and 23 days. v
HOBBS — At sea, June 11, 1902, on board
steamer Frlederlch der Grosse, J. K. C.
Hobbs, a native/of Boston, Mass., aged 65
years 10 months and 7 days.
(E7N:otice of funeral hereafter.
LINDWALL — In this city. June 16, 1002,
Elizabeth,' beloved wife of the late Charles
Lindwall. and mother of William G. Lind-
wall, a native of Germany, aged 65 years 10
months and 22 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday). - at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 928 Magnolia street. Interment "at
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, lif
GARN— In this city, June 18. 1902, Rlcke, be-
loved wife of. William Garn. and mother of
Mrs. C. Charmak, Mrs. L. Joseph and Mrs.
F. Oppenheimer, a native of Germany, aged
C9 years 10 months and 23 days.
GRUENHAGEN— In this city, June 18, 1902.
Anna L., beloved wife of Theodore G. Gru-
enhagen, and daughter of the late Christian
and. Mary 23. Lauterwaseer, a. native of
Philadelphia. Pa.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to All Hallows Church, corner
N street and Sixteenth avenue south, for
services," commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONOHUE-rln this city, June 17, 1902, Jere-
miah, . deanly beloved son of Jeremiah and
Jane Donohue, and loving brother of Mar-
garet, Mamie and John Donohue, a native of
England, aged 25 years.
(ETRemalns' at his late residence. Ill
South Park. -Notice of funeral hereafter.
FRANCE— In this city, June 17, 1902, Angle
Gertrude, beloved wife of Henry W. France,
mother of Dorria Gertrude France, daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Hiram E. Hatch, aud
• sister of Fred Hatch and Mrs. Emma Ryan
of Dexter, Me., a native of Maine, aged 29
years'-:! months and 28 days.
(^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
r -f u«ry"- lavKctf— to — at^en*- the --funeral ' to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'ciock, tr6m his late resi-
dence, 515 Stevenson street. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery. . ¦
DE SUZA— In this city, June 17, 1002. James
• E. de Suza, dearly beloved son of Margaret
Guadaloupe, stepson of Joseph . Guadaloupe,
nephew of Mrs. M. Collins, and cousin of
Michael and John Hart, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 3 months and 2b
days. ¦ ¦ . .- ¦ . "-. • . 1 -- •-
CTTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at !);30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S56 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLINS — In Oakland. June IS, 1902, Mary
E., beloved wife of Dr. E.' E. Collins, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 41 years.
DKLlCAT-rln this city, June 1,8, 1002, Katie,
dearly beloved daughter of Anna C. and the
late Fred Delicat, and sister of Mrs. H. Zihn
and John Delicat, a native of Germany, aged
: 41 years 11 months and 13 days.
DA SILVEIRA — In West Berkeley, June 16,
1002, Maria, beloved wife of John Velra da
Sllveira, and mother of Joseph Veira da Sil-
veira,' a native of Azore Islands, Portugal,
aged 2U years 0 months and 21 days... . ...
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner Seventh street and Channing
way, West Berkeley, thence' to St. Joseph's
Portuguese Church, Chestnut street, between
Seventh and Eighth, Oakland, where a sol-
emn requiem mass wHl bo celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at- 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
DE GUERRERO— In this city, June 17, 1902.
at his residence. 515 Stevenson street, Juan
de Guerrero, dearly beloved husband of Fran-
ces" M.' de Guerrero, and "father of Mrs. . C.
Valento, Mrs. Josie Klip, Gus de Guerrero,
Pat de Guerrero, Mrs. L. Atherton, Mrs. A.
Studer and Amelita and John de Guerrero
Jr., a native of C^iile, South -America, aged
82 years 3 months and I) days. •
i CTThe funeral will take place Friday,
.June 20, leaving. Pinole on the 10:10 o'clock
train for San Francisco. Interment . Cypress
Lawn 1 Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city, June 18, 1902, John,
beloved husband of Mary Collins, and father
of Josephine, John T. and Joseph E. Collins,
a native of the parish of Trella, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 44 years.
BERTI— In this city." June 18, 1002, Giocondo,
beloved husband of Mary Berti, and father
of AuKUStin ' A., Linda. E., Ralph L. and
Mary J. Berti. a native of Lucca, Italy, aged
5i years. ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ » •¦'¦•¦
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter. ..
CHATTLETON — In. Pinole. Contra , Costa
County, June IS, 1902, George Chattleton;
son of John and the late Georgtna Chattle-
ton, a native of Pinole, aged 1 year. ¦
DIED,
Bertl, Giocondo ':¦ Harrison. Charles H.
Chattleton,- George Hobbs, 1 J. K. C.
Collins, John Lindwall, Elizabeth
Collins, Mary E. Moloney, Helen
Da Silvelra, Maria Murphy, Jos. A. Jr.
De Guerrero, Juan Murphy; -Michael J.
De Suza, James E. Sammy, Anna
Delicat. Katie Smith. Delia T.
.Donohue, Jeremiah Tubbs, Herman A.
France. Angle G. Watt. Mrs. Mary •
Garn, Rlcke. ¦ Yates, Teddy
Gruenhagen, Anna ¦ -
. MEDICAL.
A— ALL former patients of Mrs. Dr. Gwyer will
be tlad to knew she has returned to San
.rYar.cisco and opened offices fcr the relief of
tfcose suffering from rheumatism, paralysis,
morphine cr liquor habit; those consulting her
vili be assured of careful and honest treat-
ment. Consultation and advice free; private
iiome for patients. Sundays by appointment
f only. Phone Jessie 2131. Entrance to offices
rooms 25 to 2S. ir.04 Market st. and City Hall
PQUare. over Good Fellows' Grotto.
A 7 DK. O'DOXtCELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble.
<-cnsu»t the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the uniortunate helped- relief in all
taken: the aiost difficult cases treated-
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; tree, confidential advice on all subjects
vv?/ 6 "^ 1 * P**3* DR - G - W- O'DON-
NELL, ogflce & residence. 1Q1S Mkt., op. 5th.
A ~ n R- ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
wost important of modern principles in treat-
ing ar.d curing female complaints; ladies, all
•who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best i
«oT»sideratlon and skill, absolutely essential to :
norraial results; fee low. 1007 i& Market st-
iins. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable iadies'
epedaiist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours :) to D and 7 to 8. 100SV4
J^arket st.. opp. Fifth and nr. PowelL
MRS DR. WYETH— Well-known ladles' spe-
v.lallEt; o0 years' exr>erience: private home In
confinement. Moved to 72S Post St.. nr. Jones.
*5RS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable epecial-
sst; maternity hospital; home for infants
free; tee low. Moved to IIS Eddy st..ur. Mkt.
IIRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and daring
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
CR. AND MRS. DAVIES and EINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES— Kumrond is eafe & sure; never fails;
price ?2. Gleason's drug 6tore,Clay& Kearny.
2MJL NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
1 riicn Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
OFFICES JUCP F. STORES TO LET.
STORE, 2103 Howard, well adapted for^utcher
frbop: rent cheap. MADISON' & BCRKE.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 Fts. • below Kearr.y Ft. «J36 Pay st. room 1.
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD readsT^to^4 700
Post st.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME VOSELLI. scientift; palmist 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post ;tel. Black* 561.
PERSONALS. ~~~
Alalting Co.. makers at Rainier beer want an
original toast for the back of a saappy ad-
vertising Solder; must be short knd to the
point. • A prize of $25 will b« paJd for the
best ene sent in before July 15. Contest free
(• alt. Send your name and tiudress with
erery toast to White Adv <r u s i aK Bureau,
Seattle, Wasb:
IT is not claimed that. vTavt can cure the In-
curable. . but thou^Rd, oI womea who „£,
Kiven up all of ever obtaining relief
, h . 6Ve ..V**P. r >tored to health and strength by
.ne \ _la\i rf^atment; booklet for mothers and
d.aughtVs mailed free. The Viavl Co., 2304
- ** gss av l" San Francisco; tel. East 2S2.
IF .rour hair is falling, send for DR. «. S.
ASOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
v:ause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
•cure for eczema; preparation tent to all parts
of the world: call or send for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell et.. S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an «xtra pair
of pents free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOP J117 Market
"^ __« :^between Sexenth and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms.
'-Vc to 51 50 per night; $1 50 to ?6 r*r week;
tree l;ijt and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAQ carpets wove to' oroer and for sale; aiso
t>.fcnille-wov« rues. eUk portieres; dealer ia
';«n:.et wine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
COL'GH Easy Consumption Cure;, do good; al-
ways relieves any cough; best la grippe cough
cure; 25c; at druggists.
A WOMAN whose mother was relieved of t
turner without operation will ehow you the
way to health. Box 1123. Call office.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
'diamond*, pearls and precious stones bought
at \Y. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
A FULL line of switches, wigs and front pieces;
hairdrtssing. ar.y style, 25c. G. LEDEKER.
lio Storktoi!.et^^_ -_^— , -¦-»_»_;.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine end all drug "dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. isaa Polk St.. S. F.; consultation free.
enamel iron beds, single three-quarter
cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 131O-1S12 Stockton Et.. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Wllllanic & Co.. 140 Geary Et.. S.F.
TCOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns:
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market ft., near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suite, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market Et.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et.
A— 53 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 530 Kearny et., near Pine.
FIXE SUITS, $10: dress pants. |2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
I ANDERSON, theatrical eosturaer; prix-ate the-
" atricais; masquerades supplied. 26 O'Farrell.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ear* to health.
Suld by AV1DA CO., 7t3 Valencia, cor. l»th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook,42G Sutter.
RUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 2C 1 /« Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE su'ts. S7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
KLIXTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and mcles destroyed. Mr2.H.Eaton,427 Sutter.
Mrs. iirigps — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 171'J Buchanan; tel. West 25a.
SL'PKRFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
need!e.Dr.&Mr».Traver»-e.ll70Market.
Al.i'KKDMUS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
l:air to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
O.VE MINUTE" TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
insiartiy; 10c end 25c. All • druggists.
DT.SPKPHIA and c-nsilpation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee. Wis.
MASQTT.RADE costumes, piay books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Bit. LAMOTTE'S FRENClfoORN PAINT, the
befi i-orn curt-, 25c: all drugglsth.
A WEEK-'!? news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
If! paces, in wrapper for mailing. SI -per year.
TOYSICIAXS AXD' SCRGEOXS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation; no detention (ram business; all
private diseases treated Kuceessfuliy: consul-
tation free. Drs. Korden & Porterlleld.CTtirk.
DR. C. C. ODON'NELL— Office and residence,
1021 lj Market st.. bet. Sixth and Ssventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. I>r. Bal!. 1O73V4 Market.
DI VIDEXIi NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA fiafe Deposit and Trust Compa-
ny, corner of California anu Montgomery sts.
— For the six months ending June 30. ltKKi,
dividends have been declared on deposits in
the savings department of this company as
follow*: On term deposits ut the rate of
3.0-10 per cer.t per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate oi 3 per cent per annum,
free of taxc-n and payable on and after Tues-
day. July 1 1VJ2 Dividends uncalled for are
added to the principal after July 1. 1302. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
CALIFORNIA Schuetzen Club Park and Buiid-
:nK Association — A dividend of 25 cents per
ti.ar-p on tlie •.-»;>: lul stock ct above associa-
tion has been aeclared. payable on and after
Jun« 19. 1002. at the office of the . treasurer,
L. J. REUBOLD. 312 Bush et. Transfer
bocks close Ju::a 14. «
OTTO BREMER. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Call-
romta Et., cor. tf Webb — For the half year
?fidinjr with the 30th of June, 1002. a divi-
dend hati been declared at the rate i>er an-
num of three and lorty-two cne-hundredths
f.i 42-1C0) per cent on term deposits, and
three (3) per cent en ordinary deposits, fre*
at Uixes, payable on ar.d after Tuesday, July
1. VJ02. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. G26
Calllomla st. — For the half year ending -with
June 30. 1902. a dividend has been declared
ct the rate of three iZy per cent per annum
on ell deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Tuesday. July 1, U»02. GEORGE
TOURNY, Secretary.
TVPFAVIlITCRjS^AXD SUPPLIES. "
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. S3C California: telephone Main 260.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter InEpec. Co.,203 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING^J^i^EP^^ri 11^^
EXPERT typewlting. 4c folio; copies, 2c; mlm-
eo£rap-inV. 027 iXarkt, rai.305; Howard 153*.
REAL ESTATE CITY-— FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
No one caa baat our offerings.
(500 to $1000— Graded Sunset lots; $10
monthly.
$100 to $150 — Ocean Boulevard lots; $3
monthly.
$400 to $S00— Richmond lots; all bargains.
Ec&set Branch Office — Ninth ave., near H at.
$150 AND $250 EACH. "
Don't miss seeing our. Excelsior Homestead
lots; near Mlssion-st. electric cars.
Level; no grading; Spring Valley water.
Ride to corner Mission st. and China or
Brazil aves.
$1000, $1500 to $3000— Modern cottages; best
locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54. Chronicle building.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
2C Montgomery Et., room 1L. . •
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$50.000 — Fine 87:6 feet Turk-st. corner; well
In; modern building; will pay big.
$43,000 — Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine :
location for apartment house, flats,
etc.
$10,000 — Webster, Dr. Washington; 50-ft. front;
EUitable for physician:
$10,000 — 3 sunny new 7-rocm flats, near Golden I
Gate Park; grand view; rents $105.
$2,375 — Cheap: north side Clay st.,' near Lyon;
fine adjoining lot. 27:6x100, for $3000.
HOUSES — SUXSET HEIGHTS — LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I Ets., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property!
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery; room
1L Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
J. U COOKE. .26 Montgomery st..J. L. COOKE
San Francisco
...Great Bargains, Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
All sizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity. • • ¦ . -
Secure & home.
Special Bargains Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a homo
While you can get it cheap.
3>ave your address With me
and I will find you a Bargain!
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will
purchase you a home.'
Don't forget to call on or
address J. L. COOKE.
26 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Cut this out and save address.
OWNERS of property north of Broadway to
the bay and frpm Van Ness ave. to the Pre-
sidio line who wish to sell call on the under-
signed; a moderate-priced residence wanted
to purchase; two cheap residences of 5 to «
rooms each and vacant lots in the district
namttl wanted to purchase. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st. (Savings Union bldg.), between
Montgomery and Kearny.
$6750 — AT a sacrifice; corner lot and Improve-
ments: on 13th Et., near Folsom; consisting
of fetore, flats and two 2-story houses; size
of lot 50x80; renting low for $5S: can--b? In-
creased to $75. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24
Montgomery St., room 3.
YOU will never secure a suburban Home tn
fight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, tn wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on Los Gatos and Saratoga aves.;
beautiful location: climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive from station: neighborhood
desirable: 40 acres, all of which is in «.r-
chaid; 32 acres in bearing; balance will bear
fruit next year; there 13 a crop of fruit, es-
timated at $2000; agricultural implements
and tools, fruit boxes, drying trays, wagons,
etc.. included.
The residence is one-story, contains 9
rooms, in perfect condition, modern finish;
good stable, tank-house, tank, etc; good
well water; large ornamental trees, lawp and
flowers; a beautiful and healthly home, and
profitable; urice *16,000.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO:,
34 West Santa Clara st., San Jose. .
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small, tracts. $U0 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co., future value assured, ag
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and freaeral farming. Appiy
to The Cotati Co.,.302 California St.. for
pamphlet and information.
ASK for our iiet of suburban and country
properties: land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg.,
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
. ber. mines. E1IMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
LAND bargains: new catalogue sent free.
Wooster. Wbitton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co.. Petaluma. for
list of bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent • to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for; $1.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
EAUSALITO Land and Ferry Company offers
at low prices and easy terms lots, blocks,
acres and villa sites, choice suburban homes
and business property: 30 minutes from San
Francisco; eiimate and scenery superb: can't
be excelled: call on the agent for particulars.
THOMAS McMAHOX. 32.< Montgomery st..
or at office of company. Sausalito.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. 1
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Aim. R. Clark. Agua Caliente. Sonoma Valley.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEOA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sal*, rent or exchange — An elegant 8--
room modern house, all conveniences; fine
corner lot; best locality; a great bargain;
$4000.
Must be «old; a large 8-room house; lot 60x
150; near Chestnut-st. station. See the above
this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
ONE of the finest homes in Alameda at a
bargain; exceedingly easy terms. The In-
vestors' Agency. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR rent, furnished or unfurnished, for term
not less- than one year. 10-room house; mod-
ern improvements: sunny location; unfur-
nlsbed $J5. .1448 Caroling ut.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5750— CASH VALUE $S000.
Hou3e of 0 roome, bath and furnace; every-
thing in the latest and .best sanitary condi-
tion; nice larre barn; lot 75xl2C; situated in
Linda Viista Terrace and surrounded by ele-
gant homes; owner cannot occupy the prem-
ises and wj prefers to sell rather than rent.
J. S. MYERS. 1O02 Broadway. Oakland.
$4750— COST TO DUPLICATE $5500.
¦ . Location, 20th and "Webster Kts. ; new Col-
onial 7-rocm house; open and nlokei plumb-
ing; everything first-class in finish and con-
' Etruction; sunny; only. 3 minutes' walk to
the business center; seeing is believing: call
early. J. S. Myers. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
?2000 — CASH VALUE $3000.
House is new, 2 etpry; 3 rooms downstairs
• and 2 rooms upstairs; all modern conveni-
ences; lot <r.ote size) 60x135; chicken yards
and outhouses; everything in llrst-class- or-
der; terms only $<W0 cash; first come first
eerved; must be sold; positively no reserve.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500 CASH; monthly payments made to suit
buyer; anything- good we sell at once; this is
the best we have had to isell in a long time;
3% acres, more or less, of extra choice land;
a pretty eood . 5-room cottage, bath, pantry,
plenty closets: basement; good barn and
stable; etalls lor 3 horses and cow; chicken
houses, broodery, incubator;. Al windmill and
large tank: water piped over place; city water
and cewer; the assorted fruit orchard and
choice garden you must tee to appreciate:
¦whoever gets this will have the best to be had
on this side of the bay; close to electric cam
and fine public school: this Is an ideal prop-
erty, pure; adjoining East Oakland; price, in
¦ full J5850. Call or send for circular, 455 Sev-
enth et., opposite Broadway station. Oakland.
Carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Land Owner.
$2250 — COZY cottaga of 5 rooms, bath, folding
door?, mantel, etc.; all newly papered; In the
¦ Immediate vicinity of 16th ¦ and West sts.;
choice central location: within walking dis-
tance of trains and center of town; well rent-
ed now; monthly installments If desired; dis-
count for all cash; Immediate rale wanted, as
owner is going away, investigate at once.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
4C0 Tenth «t.. Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES.
FOR rent — Furnished cottage of 6 rooms, com-
plete. Apply lo Charles Adams & Co., resl-
dent agents. Bay, station. Alameda, Cal.
OAKLAND Fl'HMTlKt; FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.'
6CHELLHAAS. 108 Eleventh St., Oakland.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
FURNISHED or unfurnished suite housekeep-
ing rooms; % block from U. C. 2229 Chapel.
Funeral rooms — 429 Golden Gate ' ave. : tele-
phone South ; 934. ¦:••:• . .
Oakland office — 1004 : Broadway; telephone
Clay 701. ' - - ; - - ¦.
Main office at cemetery, Point Lobos- ave.,
"San Francisco: telephone West 896."
Prices of cremation— Adults over 15 years
of age, $25: children • under . 15 years of age,
$15. Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. GEO. T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON. Sec. -
Funeral Conductors
(FOR CREMATION ONLY):
The Odd Feljows 1 Cemetery Association.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent;
choice property a specialty: Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, batli,
etc. ; easy payments. MURDOCK, ' 514 Pine.
NEW cottage of C rooms, with all latest . im-
provements; only 2 blocks 'from station,
stores, etc.; large lot; a snap at $1600: terms
to suit. JNO. R. PERKINS. Lorin Station.
Berkeley: open Sundays. . 1
NEAT home of 3 large rooms; close to station,
stores, ' etc. ; good windmill and tank; large
lot: genuine bargain; $800. JNO. R. "PER-
KINS.
CLAPP— PRATT— In San Jose, June 18, 1902,
at Trinity Episcopal Church, by the Rev.
Dr. ' Mockrjdge, . Eujjene Watkins- Clapn of
Lordsburg, N. Mex., and Elizabeth A. Pratt,
youngest daughter of Ex-Surveyor General
William H. Pratt of San Francisco. .
HOBBS— SULLIVAN— In this city, June 17,,
*19fti, by the Rev] W. C. Pond, William
Henry, Hobbs and 1 Lou Eva . Sullivan, both
of San Francisco.
KENNETT— TAPLEY— In this city, June IS.
1002, by the Rev.' Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Fred William Kennett and Florence : Tapley,
both of San . Francisco. ¦ : - • /
MATHERS— PHEIFER— In South San Fran-
cisco, June 18, 1902, by the Rev. B. E. Pad-
' dock, assisted by the Rev. A. Andersen,
Jesse W. Mathers and Frances P.heifer, both
of San Francisco. -
MARRIED.
HERE'S a chance to be your own landlord; new
8-room 2-story house; neat, complete and up-
to-date; lot 42x135, all fenced; good location;
. price $2250; terms ?200 cash, balance $20
monthly, same as rent. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin; open Sundays.
NEW 6-room pottage; porcelain bath; pantry;
tiled sink; electric lights; city water; brick
foundation; high basement; wash trays; pat-
ent closet; large lot. all fenced; 2 blocks to
station; street cars, stores, school and
churches; price $2000; terms $200 cash, bal-
ance $18 per month; open ' Sundays. O. A.
RUDOLPH, Lorin. »
STOP PAYING RENT.
OWN YOUR OWN HOME.
Our plan enables you to buy your own lot
where you please, build according to your
own plans, selecting your own v «rchltect and
contractor. The plan offered by the Berkeley
' Equitable Building Association is the easiest
and best plan ever Introduced to the public.
See our tables and convince yourself; only $8
per month pays for your home; no interest.
Home office at 2131 Stanford 1 place. Berkeley.
Branch office Lorin P. O.. and room 39. Ne-
vada block, San Francisco. W. C. MORAN,
secretary and manager.- Agents wanted.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BORN". }
BETZNER— In this city, June 18, 1902. to the
•wife of Allan Betzner, a daughter.
CURTIS— In this city, June 7, 1902, to the
wife of John Curtis, a daughter.
EMMRICH— In this city, to the wife of- Albert
T. Emmrich, a daughter.
FtNNIGAN— In this city, June 17. 1902, to the
wife of E.- J. Finnisran,- a son. • - - -
GIULIANI— In this city, June 14, 1902, to the
wife of Ferdinando Giuliani (nee Cacciari),
a daughter. ¦. -• ' . . • -¦
JACOBS— In this city, June 1, 1902, to the
wife of. I. R. Jacobs, a Maughter. ,
LOEWE— In this city, June 15, 1902, to the
. wife of William G. Loewe, a daughter.
O'NEILL — In this city, June 17, 1902, to the
wife of F. J. O'Neill, a son. . -
WEILER— In this city. June 15, 1902, to tbj
wife of Felix J. Weiler, a daughter.
Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
mall will not be -inserted: . They must be handed
in at either of. the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the. name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have .the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. ¦ E?"Remains at the parlors of Carew "&
English, 29 VanNess avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
YATES— In this city, June 18, 1902, Teddy,
beloved husband of Sarah Ann.Yatea, a na-
tive of England, aged 53 years 7 f months
and 2 days... . - •:
ICT Remains at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros.. 224-220 McAllister street.
fnyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
a fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, June 19, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of his mother, 2CG East Twelfth
street, East Oakland. Interment private.
WATT— In this city, June 18, 1902, Mrs. Mary
Watt, beloved mother of G. W. Miller, a na-
- tive of Scotland, aged CO years.
(E?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1601 Hyde street, corner Pacific.
. interment .Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH — An anniversary high mass ¦will be
celebrated to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock,
at St. Patrick's Church, for. the repose of the
soul of the late Delia T. Smith. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend. :•¦. . . ¦ -t ¦•-.- y -
TUBBS — In Sausalito. June 16, 1902, Herman
- -Allen Tubbs, ' son of Susan and the late
Hiram Tubbs, a native of Oakland, aged 35
years. - • • . ....- .- . . • •
high mass' will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. : Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦ ¦:¦
OFFICERS and members of Division No. 12.
'A.^O. H. in A., are requested to attend the
funeral of our late brother, Michael , J. ' Mur-
• . phy to-day (Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock,
from . the residence, 916 Natoma street. By
- order of 'THOMAS M. SEAREY. Pres..
SAMMY— In "this city, June 17. 1902, Anna,
dearly beloved wife of George Sammy, and
devoted ¦ mother of George Jr. . and Emma
and Adele Sammy, a native of Bavaria, Ger-
many,- aged 49 years 2 months and 9 days."
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. &DS0.
- SPECIAL NOTICES.
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine 13 what
cured peoplfe say. Address REUNER & GOU-
LET, Station A, Sacramento Cal
SEWIMS MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.Business men are satisfied when they
lunch at Cafe ZInkand. . •
• Michael Taylor, who was convicted by
Judge ftlogan of a charge of petty lar
ceny for stealing several razors and oth
er articles from a wagon belonging to
Will & Finck In Fagan's stables, on Sut
ter street, appeared for sentence yester
day. The Judge sentenced him to six
months In the County Jail.
Six Months for Taylor.
Beklns Van and Storage Co. Packing, mov
ing and shipping at lowest rates. 630 Majket. •
With the elk meat there was taken to
the almshouse yesterday all of the com
mission's seizures since the first of the
year. Including -.rabbits, grouse, quail,
deves, ducks, larks, robins, snipe and
pheasants. .
Those who were at the bottom of the
affair are said to have planned a grand
banquet at which elk meat was to be the
leading feature of the menu. The gods
and the Fish Commission intervened,
however; and . the scene of the feast is
transferred to. the home' of the paupers.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang says that the
last ead rites over the departed have
been performed, the fine for the slaugh
ter has been paid, and the incident is
closed. -
Th« meat of th>6 Golden Gate Park elk
which became famous In death was con
veyed to the almshouse yesterday by dep
uties of the Fish Commission. There It
will regale the palates of the city's unfor
tunate. It has been kept in cold storage
ever since the slaughter was accom
plished. •
nated for a Feast for the City's
Poor.
Meat of the Famous Animal Is Do-
GOLDEN GATE PARK ELK
INCIDENT IS NOW CLOSED
I agree with Mr. Binney. that the freight rate
on California fruits, especially citrus fruits. Is
too high. I have said ¦ so repeatedly to Air.
Rlpley and to the Southern Pacific and other
railroad .officials. I believe that a rate of $1
per hundred pounds instead ot $1 25 would ba
fair and reasonable under present conditions.
As to the lemon Industry, a great deal would
liave to be said in detail in order to pive any
sufficient and conclusive data on the subject.
This. 1 think, however, all will agree upon,
that' from December to June there is practlc-'
ally no profit In lemon growing in Ciillfornit.
From December to May, when the fruit can be
held In curing houses, there Is good profit to
the growers, provided, ot course, that the fruit
has good keeping ¦qualities. There Is no ques
tion that the California lemons" are superior to
the Sicilies and will displace them In the mar
kets whenever they are put against them. This
is no matter of theory or State pride, but a
simple matter of fact that the trade • all over
the United States will testify to. I do not con
sider that intemperate statements such as Mr.
Binney has made are apt to benefit th« cause,
but rather the contrary.
Two commercial bodies in California are
concerning themselves about the Califor
nia lemon. These are the State Board of
Trade and the Southern California Fruit
Exchange. Not long ago F. A- Binney
of Helix, this State, made some state
ments In Chicago about freight rates on
lemons from this State to the East, and
incidentally remarked that the lemon
growers, by reason of such rates, were
not in the way to make money. The-
State Board of Trade took up the matter
ai once and instructed Manager Filcher
to.vwrlte to Manager Naftzger of the
Southern California Fruit Exchange and
find' out the facts, for. while the people
cf the- State are endeavoring to get de
sirable parties to locate in California,
talk calculated to persuade the Eastern
man that California is not a place to
make profit in the lemon line or in any
other productive- industry might do harm
unless the truth in the premises could be
shown.' .
Manager Naftzger of the Southern Cali
fornia Fruit Exchange has replied to the
communication of inquiry from the State
Board of Trade. He writes that he would
not accept Mr. Binney as an authority on
lemons in California, and incidentally
classes some of his remarks under^the
•general explosive - title ot ••volcanic."
Then ho discusses the lemon and Us fu
ture. In part he writes as follows:
Commercial Bodies Take
Notice of Binney's
Statements.
Floor— Forest Adams, manager: Arthur
O Connor, assistant; K. V. GUmore, Alnert r.ar-
Iln, William P. O'Connor, James B. Coftey, Ar
thur J. Street, William Barry. James Bain,
Dennis Kenny, George Olsen.
Reception — Brother Francis, Brother Joseph,
Brother Anthony, Brother James. Joseph Kirk,
Charles J. Heggerty, M. Kirk, Maurice Casey,
Joseph A. Stulz, Peter Daly, James McKenna,
W. C. Keogh, S. P.~ Taylor, W. F. Srtyder.
Captain J. Laflin, R. O'Connor, John Murray,
Michael Farrell, P. J; Mehegan. M. Measles,
B. F. Griflin. B. M. Donnelly. G. 6. Olsen, M.
C. Hassett. Dr. T. X. Sullivan, Dr. T. E.
Shumate, William Leach, Maurice Higgina.
Frank Rhodes, Jeremiah Ryan, Edward
Holmes, James Ryan, J. J. Donovan, Thomas
Moore, John Welsh,
Games— 7 P. J. McKeon, chairman; Captain J.
Murphy, Edmund Kenny, D. Sheerln, James
McManus. John Doherty, William J. O'Connor.
Albion White.
Arrangements— J. B. Mclntyre, chainnat
Very. Rev. Plus Murphy, treasurer; George 1
Kelly, secretary.
' Transportation— J. B. Mclntyre, P. J. M<
Keon, George M. Kelly.
which were dispatched without delay, and
the picnickers landed at Fernbrook Park
about 11 o'clock. An elaborate pro
gramme had been arranged, but the first
order of business was luncheon. Here" the
members of the feminine sex showed their
great skill. Dainty viands were spread
under the oak . trees and everybody
feasted.
After luncheon the military band, that
had been specially engaged for the occa
sion, started a waltz, which- brought all
those who cared to dance to the pavilion.
Athletic games were also in order. D.
Sheerin, with his coat off and a good
blackthorn stick in his hand, acted as
starter. There were all kinds of races,
the altar boys, the girls and boys of the
church and even the fat ladies running
for prizes.
About 3 o'clock the committee in charge
of the picnic hung up the lucky numbers
that had won gate prizes. Tommy
Kearns. the well-known actor, who Is ou$
here for his summer vacation, won a sack
of flour and D. R. McNeil of launch fame
won two tickets to a local theater.
There were many who helped ttx make
the picnic a success. The Very Rev. Pius
Murphy and many other fathers of the
Dominican Order went around and saw
that erery one had a good time. Dan
Leary took a day off from the City Hall
and assumed charge of the Irish jig plat
form. When others could not be found
to take a step he would lead off with "The
Rocky Road to Dublin" himself.
. The committees were as follows:
LEMON TOPICS
CAUSE ACIDITY
To Regulate Lodging-Houses.
The Health Board met yesterday . and
on the recommendation of Chief Sanitary
Inspector Hassler decided to draft an or
dinance for presentation to the Board of
Supervisors regulating cheap lodging
houses and, requiring? them to be kept
above ground and.in a sanitary condition.
The board decided to ask the Supervisors
to appropriate 51500 for a new sterilizer
in the City and County Hospital. Jacqb
Wiesner was appointed ambulance driver
and T. J. Fulton watchman at the City
and County Hospital. K
¦ A small boy defines a lady as a grown
up girl who isn't saucy.
SCENES AT ST. DOMINIC'S PICNIC. WHICH WAS ENJOYED BY MANY
\ MEMBERS OF THE PARISH AND PROVED ONE OF THE^MOST SUC
" CESSFUL OUTINGS THAT HA % S TAKEN PLACE THIS SUMMER.
To get one of our j clocks— the pretty
golden ones that please everybody. Also
goid candlesticks, candelabra and jewel
cases make fine . wedding presents and
prizes for card parties.- Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street.' ' . •
Now Is the Time
After the transaction of routine business
the board adjourned to meet next Wednes
day. .
The condition of the State's property
near the North Pacific Coast Railroad's
frontage on Sansome street was discussed
by Manager Renner of the Draymen's
(Association. He said the street was in
need of repair and that the Board of Pub
lic "Works would pave the street if the
Harbor Commissioners laid a sidewalk on
¦their property. Renner said the improve
.ment w r as an absolute necessity and that
the draymen of the city were clamoring
for It.. The Commissioners referred the
matter to the engineer for an estimate of
the cost, the intention being that the Im
provement would be ordered.
A • member of th'e Fourth of July com
mittee, appointed by, the Mayor, ap
peared before the board and asked that
the electric lamps placed upon the ferry
tower be retained there until after the
national celebration and that they be
Illuminated at the expense of the State* on
the. evenings of July 3, 4 and^5.- It was
announced that there would be a general
illumination of the- city on the dates
named and that it was desired to have the
ferry building present an attractive ap
pearance. The board- granted the request
and orders were given for the illumina
tion of the building on the evenings
stated.
At a former meeting of the board Nor
ton admitted that he had made the
changes without authority, but said they
were in -the of the State. He
was ordered to show/wherein the State
was " benefited, but at yesterday's meet
ing he said that Contractor Wakefleld
being absent in the north, he was unable
to file the desired report. The matter then
went - over pending the arrival of "Wake
fleld next week..
Engineer Lott D. Norton failed to pre
sent his report upon the cost of the
changes . made in. the specifications for
harbor "/work, as ordered by him, at the
meeting of the Harbor Commission yes
terday. Following the expose by The
Call of the illegal changes in the specifica
tions, the board directed that a searching
inquiry be held and that Norton file an
estimate of the cost of such changes, to
gether with some data as to who profited
by them. ' ¦ .
Who Profited by Changes in
Specifications Still
. a Secret.
That Is Why, He Says,
He Failed to Submit
xiis .tviGporu.
NORTON WAITING
FOR CONTRACTOR
Item of $1000 of the 114.000 allowed tor "ad
vertising." The amount appropriated last year
for this purpose was $24,000, of which It is
Item of S1EC0 «f the estimated appropriation
of $43,200 under the heading of "Supervisora "
the same being the allowed annual salary of
one assistant clerk.
OTHER ITEMS VETOED.
The following other Items were vetoed
Dy the Mayo?:
The Mayor also vetoed the item of J2L
06O appropriated out of the surplus or
increased assessment roll for one addi
tional police captain, four additional lieu
tenants ar.d ten additional patrolmen.
In vetoing this item, the Mayor stated
that he considered the additions to the de
partment as allowed In the regular ap
propriation fully sufficient for the next
fiscal year.
The amount set aside for the lighting of
the streets and public buildings was de
creased from $275,000 to $260,000, which was
the amount originally recommended by
the finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors. The Mayor stated that the
Charter prohibits the city from entering
into a contract to pay a higher price for
g-as or electricity than the minimum
price charged to any other consumer. In
conclusion,, in regard to money for Il
lumination, he said that the expenses for
the present year would aggregate about
$256,000 and tbat he believed that $260 000
would be sufficient to provide an efficient
service.
LIGHTING OP STBEETS.
In your consideration of this message. I know
that you will be suided us you have been is
the past, solely by a just regard for the. city's
interests, and am satisfied that many. If not
all, of thess .suggestions will appeal to you aa
Mieriting- your favorable support.
SLASHES WOBES' BOARD ROIX.
Of the $31,000 taken from the Health De
partment. $20a60 had been set aside by the
Supervisors lor the payment of salaries
in the central office. The Mayor cut $600
from the $3500 allowed for the Health Of-
Jicer's salary, and he recommended that
•that official be required to devote all his
xime to his office usui that he abstain
from private practice during office hours.
Of the 533.600 provided for emergency and
insane hospitals, $4020 was knocked out,
and $S50i> of the item of $67,000 allowed for
the expenses of the City and County Hos
pital was also cut out.
The Board of Public "Works suffered al
most as heavily as did the Health Depart
ment, as S:2t«. jo»). was stricken from its al
lotment. .Most of this sum is cut from
the amount provided for salaries. Many
clerks of the board who were figuring on
2 raise and many others who are not
clerks, but who expecJ ed to serve the city
in that capacity, will be grievouslv disap
pointed. Xha Mayor vetoed $1SW of the
S.)S.-J?5 set aside to be uped in cleaning and
maintaining The City Hall and the Hall of
Justice. Thl* amount is approximately
the salaries of two janitors, as the Mayor
believes that thirty-two janitors can do
the work of the thirty-four provided for
Of the appropriation of $17,700 for the
salaries of the employes of the Bureau of
Streets, the Mayor knocked off 55700, the
salaries of four clerks.
The Board of Supervisors allowed the
Board of Public "VVorks $60,006 for the Bu
reau of Engineering, exclusive of th«
35000 allowed for the examination of pub
lic utilities. The Mayor vetoed J10.000 of
this amount, and for so doing gives the
loilowiue reason:
This bureau employed during the current fis
cal year tome thirty-eight men. It asked for
the next fiscal year for fifty-eight. I am sat
isfied en looking over the list of employes and
their ealarSep that no public Interest will suf
fer in any appreciable degree by a "lump" re
duction of the amount indicated. The busi
ness of this bureau can. I am sure, be so ar
rsnt-ed xvith regard both to economy and to
practical utility that all its legitimate expenses,
outside of the examination into public utilities
can be embraced in the sum of $50.C00.
The important appropriations for the School
Department, the Fire Department. th« Depart
ment of Electricity, the I\>Hee Department, the
Ahnshouse and the Free Public Library also
remain intact.
In conclusion I resT>ecifully call the attention
of your Tionorabte fcosrd to the fact that no
appropriation for permanent improvements or
for municipal betterments has been by this
message In anywise inlerffered with, my object
having bern so jar as possible^ in the light of
my information, to ccrtail unnecessary posi
tions and salaries. ¦
In conclusion the Mayor called the at
tention of the board to the class of Items
which had been vetoed by him, as follows:
The money saved by the Mayor's veto
from being eruten up by salaries can now
be used for public improvements, unless
the Board of Supervisors overrides the
veto. . . ' . . ¦ A
Probably tie heaviest sufferer by reason
of the Mayor's veto is the Health Depart
ment, which Joses $31,000.
Mayor Schmitz flJed with the clerk of
the Eoard of Supervisors last night a list
of the items in the tax budget for the en
suing 'year which he has seen fit to veto
either j>artially or wholly. The llayor has
decreased the budget submitted to him
by thei Board of Supervisors to the extent
of J134ST00. In each instance the Mayor
has staisd "why he has vetoed the partic
ular item and his explanations make inter
esting: reading for the taxpayers. As a
sort of preface he states that it has long
been .apparent to him that too much
xncney is expended in salaries and far
too little in permanent municipal improve
ments. It Tva-s one of the chief complaints
against the budget as prepared by the Su
pervisors that scarcely any money at all
¦was set aside for public Improvement,
while .an immense sum was devoted to the
payment of 'salaries.
Allowances for Public Im
provements Stand as Orig
inally Fixed.
Some Very Material Cuts
Are Made in the Ap
propriation.
City Folks Journey Into the Country arid Enjoy a
Happy Time With Smiling Nature.
MAYOR REDUCES
THE TAX BUDGET
ST. DOMINIC'S CONGREGATION
SPENDS A DAY AT FERNBROOK
The lunch is free only to those who
have the price of a drir.k.
John Oswald, an engineer living at 3444
Twentieth street, slipped and fell while
walking on New Montgomery street, near
Market, last night, and sustained a frac
ture of the kneecap, which was treated
at the Emergency Hospital. An opera
tion will be required to restore the mem
ber, with the chances that Oswald will
be a cripple for life.
Injured His Knee.
President. M. H. de Young; first vice presi
dent, Arthur R. Brlggs: second vice president
G. X. Wendling; third vice president. Henry J.
Crocker; treasurer, B. P. Heald; secretary Dr
C. T./Dcane; directors— Wesley A. Jacobs, K
A. Denlcke, E. H. Algeltinger, Joseph Chanslor
and George H. Ismon. ¦
s At the meeting yesterday of the new
board of directors of the California
Petroleum Miners' Association the fol
lowing officers were elected:".
Association Elects Officers.
' (g) §1200 allowed for one toxicologist. (h)
$1800 allowed for one chiet sanitary inspector.
<1) $24C0 of the $6000 allowed for five .'sanitary
Inspectors. ; . ...
• Item of $.300 of the $1800 alolwed for one chief
food inspector. . '
Item of $5400 of the $8640 allowed for elrht
assistant food Inspectors.
Item of $1080 of the $5400 allowed for five
market inspectors. . .
Item of $1000 of the $6000 allowed for Health
Department expense*.
Item of ?300 of the allowance . of > $2100 for
one secretary- •. . ' •
Ite-m of $1500 allowed for one assistant sec
retary.
Item of $1200 of the appropriation of $3600
for three clerks.
Itepi of $1800 allowed for one statistician.
Item of $1200 allowed for one assistant chem
ist.. -.= . . •- .
HEALTH BOARD CUTS.
The following- items -were vetoed' from
the amount allowed to the 1 Board of
Health: ' ' . ..
each), one • clerk (at ' $1200), one additional
clerk (at $1800), and $300 for rebate clerks, for
all of which allowances appropriation Is made.
. Item of $3000 of the $18,000 appropriated for
stenographers, Superior Court. :
The appropriation- of $2400, for four ' road
gruards at $600, Sheriffs additional employes.
Item of $2000 of the appropriation of $5000
for maintenance of Jails. . :
Item- of $1000 of the $8000 allowed for police
continsent fund. *vr ' ••-.¦•'¦
Item of $1000 of the $20,000 appropriated for
police patrol and mounted police.
Item of $5000 of the item of $25,000 for Jury
and witness f«es in criminal cases.
Item of $5000 of the $145,000 appropriated for
the Department of Elections. The Registrar's
estimates show a maximum of expenditure of
$142,000, including $12,000 for a bond election.
With , economy and care, I am convinced that
a surplus may be left with an appropriation of
$140,000. •¦
Item of $3360 of the $13,510 appropriated for
the division of architecture of the Board if
Public Works, as follows: (a) $3000 of the
$COCO allowed for salaries of four, inspectors.
"With a competent architect who attends only
to the public ' business during official - hours
two inspectors will be sufficient, (b) $360 of
the $1400 allowed for four buggies.
. Item of $5700 of the appropriation of $17,700
for salaries for the bureau of streets of the
Board of Public Works, .oqfcfollows: (a) -$1200,
salary of one clerk at $1200. (b) $4500, salary
of threa clerks at- $1500. • . • •¦•-, •¦
Item of $3000 of the appropriation of $11.
630 for maintenance corporation yards of the
Board of Public Works, as follows: (a) $900,
salary of one assistant keeper. (b).$2100, sal
ary of two carpenters. . : :• <•¦¦¦ .. -
The appropriation of $0000 for Assessor's ad
ditional clerks. You have allowed the Asses
sor's office for' salaries the sum of $84,200,
wfcich Includes the payment of a cashier, seven
deputies and twenty-one clerks the year. round,
and 100 extra clerks for four . months. These
additional clerks for which- said $6000 is" addi
tionally allowed may. or may not at the proper
time again be deemed necessary and such neces
sity may then be determined as during the cur
rent fiscal year. --•._..:. ..,; .
Item of $25000 for Assessor's map books: . ••
Item of $1500 of the cum of $3600 allowed for
Treasurer's" additional employes. I believe that
the Treasurer's office can be efficiently con
ducted by the Treasurer, his chief deputy fsal
ary $2400), two assistant deputies (at $1800
Item of $2000 of the appropriation of $15,250
for "furniture for public buildings. : said $2000
beinj? estimate for furniture and equipment ' of
the County Clerk's office." - - •-• - V .
Item of $1000 of the $5000 appropriated for
"examination of insane persons." • -
estimated $20,000 will be used.. This was on
the basis of 20 cents per half Inch. ' -
Item of $500 of the Item of 56000. "subsist
ence of prisoners in prison." This leaves the
appropriation as it was for the last fiscal year.
Item of $1000 of the $14,000, "subsistence of
prisoners in Jails."
pir*4 HE congregation of St. Dominic's
I Church held Its fifth annual picnic
1 1 at Fernbrook I*ark, Nlles Canyon,
JLL yesterday. The picnic was a great
success. Old members of the
church claim that It was the best that.
has ever been given under the auspices of
St. Dominic's. The attendance .was. very
larse. fully 3000 people being present. The
happy, good-natured crowd met at the
ferry at 9:30 o'clock. At the' Oakland
mole two special trains were In readiness,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 19, 1902.
14
A-vacation in the country is
:all the- more enjoyable when
you take along the proper
shoes. Gome here for the
shoes and you will have mord
money left with which to buy
other necessities. Look at
these two-day specials:
. . ' 4
O W; H^EN OXFORDS. IN WHITE
OR GRASS LI^EN— Low or Frenrh heets-
our best $1.60 and $2.00 grades, as pictured"
Special for Thursday and Friday oti]y.91.3."j
T?^-r^?r '^ BI S T^. M) OR MOUNTAIN
BOOTS— Made of chocolate VIcl. Ian Rus-
sia or black kid and box calf, with extend-
ed soles; our best $3:50, $4.00 and $5.00
grades; a remarkable* offer. Special 'or
Thursday and Friday only $3.15
01135 ' TAN SHOES AND OX-
FORDS— On swell lasts, with extension
soles, low or military heel3; our $3.50 srade
Special for Thursday and Friday only.f2.S5
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' BOXCALF
OR KID SHOES— Button or lace- one of
our specialties; every pair guaranteed.'
Sizes 6 to 8. nsp
Sizes 8% to 11....... 81 IS
Sizes U% to 2. I ilila);
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' OXFORDS
— In tan Russia, patent leather or VIcl kid
with orthopedic toes and extension soles
Special for Thursday and Friday only
Sizes C to 8 ;... .81.15
Sizes 8H to 11..... KJ ::5
Sizes 11 # to 2 ...$1.C3
TOUTHS' AND BOYS' SATIN CALF
SHOES — Stout, heavy soles, with either
plain' or quilted bottoms; a good vacation
shoe; every pair guaranteed. Special for
Thursday and Friday only:
.Sizes 9 to 13........... 81.1S
Sizes 13>$ to 2 «1.,1<>
Sizes 2\i to 6V, 91. GO
TOUTHS* AND BOYS' BOX CALF OX-
FORDS — With welted soles, built Just like
papa's shoes. Special for Thursday • and
Friday only: - , '
Sizes 10 to 13 w ...... :81.«.v
Plz;s,13V5 to 2 '..¦•¦!•!•;• 9l!«5"
Sizes 2 l-i to 5^,.. ..¦¦. Jj»2.ir»
MEN'S W^IITE OR GRASS LINEN OX-
FORDS -AND HIGH SHOES — Just the shoe
for your vacation. Special ¦" for Thursday
and Friday only. 91.85
In connection with the above specials we
have made a reduction .on all other tan
shoes from 25 to 60 per cent. For the val-
ues see our window display.
Country orders filled on the day received.
Write for our Illustrated catalogue.
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAT— FRIDAT— SATURDAY
NEW TEAS. JAPAN, lb 40c
The first of this season's teas; freah and
fragrant. Regularly 60c. ¦
CREAMERY BUTTER, square.... 3 5c
Strictly fancy. \
MUSHROOMS. F. I*EC0TJRT......20c
25c? Orted . rrencii Mushrooms. Regularly
TOIUET SOAP, KIRK'S.. 15 C
odors!**" c " ton of thre « cakes; several
PRESH LOBSTEES. can 2 0c
PUREE DE POIS GRAS. can i 5c
Jacques* celebrated brand for sandwiched
*nd quick lunches. Regularly 20c.
MA1T WHISKY. KO YAL. bot. . . . 75 C 4
A real good medicinal whisky. Regularly"
CLARET, gallon .; - * - 4 o _.
Well aged; full flavor. Regu'larly'Voc
MALT EXTRACT, dozen.... «] r -
"Schiller's." a torlc_and system bSlder
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. I
Catalogue free on application.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN G522.
P-— — — o
Live in a Trunk?
Yes— If you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any dealer or apply to
d. MARTY, Man'fV,
826 Howard St., 8. F.
O O
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
220 BROAD-WAT. N. T.
PERFECT
Used -by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
V •*$$&& WeakEyer»tranathonod.
5**^*^ Painful or inSamM eyea In-
t5S§3SiS&> Ktantly relieved with GEORGE
%*32£r^ MAYERLE'S German Eyo
Water. 50c. at 1(TC1 Market .,
¦yV'HiJs^ »t. Tel. South 572. None iren-- *,
'3Kii3i?3Bi- ; ulnc without this •trademark. •'
BIG BARGAINS.
50c Muslin Drawers 35c.
,OHT|-» To-day i for excellent quality
OOV* -WOMEN'S MUSLIN-DRAWERS:
regular price -60c: deep ¦ hemstitched
tucked flounce: ruffle of wide cmbroid-
'$1.00 Corsets 75c.
TtZr .To-day. for $1 CORSETS, In all
• CfV* styles and sizes. .
TOUR MONEY BACK or a NEW
PAIR OF CORSETS If after 30 days'
: wear a calr purchased at our store
¦ proves unsatisfactory.
Children's Headwear
Specials.
V^r» CLOSING OUT to-day, our entire
C Ut line of CHILDREN'S $1 to SI. 60
HATS and BONNETS at 75c. A very
stylish, attractive hat. Is made of light
• blue organdy, with fancy, Tam o* Shan-
ter crown, trimmed with narrow black
' velvet .ribbon and finished with smart
bow of organd}-. Every liat in the lot Is
Just as pretty and stylish as the one
... described, ¦ Including dainty white lawn
; bonnets, tucked and shirred and trimmed
with fine lace or embroidery. , »
$1 Children's Dresses 60c.
f£f\fT To-day:' : for' CHILDREN'S SI
vl/W PERCALE , DRESSES, in all
• . Fizps'.and colors; neatly , "trimmed with
, white pique and linen lace.
85c Wrappers 60c. 1
dClr* Ts * ne »rlce to-day on a new lot
OVJ^ of WOMEN'S Dretty 85c QUAL-
ITY CALICO WRAPPERS. NEW .COL-
ORS, NEW STYLES, all- sizes. •
$1.75 Summer Outing Skirts
$f.25. v 7 .
<tf OK ¦ To-day, for WOMEN'S $1.75
tpla^O LINEN OVERSKIRTS; fit
perfectly, stylish; made with single
flaro flounce.
75c Women's Underskirts
5Oo.
To-day for .WOMEN'S 75c
OLFC STRIPED ZEPHYR UNDER-
SKIRTS, made with- full frilled flounce,
finished :wlth' fancy braid.
WATCH FOR OUR REMOVAL SALE.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
¦ ' . ¦ Between Taylor and Jones.
STORE CLOSED AT 6 O'CLOCK. -
Sale's ! Hale's.
Women's Suits? Here
Iiv the Latest Summer Styles, Close to
Wholesale Cost, ; . \£* .
9 ? raiS!^
As pretty, outfits as you can find; «^^^
correct and right even to the extreme,
and so many, in such variety of mate- A \J&
rials and siyles. ¦* »• ' • sfzffL
You knbw the story; we pnnted it M&¥>\
Sunday— haven't space to repeat here fliP* l \
to-day. When we tell you they are best (|/|///' J A \
values we've had isn't that enough to > \L\JisL \ \
make you want to see them? i§&£&\ 7 \
$6.95 : the first surprise. \ M
¦ Homespuns or cheviots; splendid / n_ ijojj
summer outfits; jaunty and stylish even j Jwy
far beyond what the price • indicates — / -.//*
then you shouldn't miss the / yi\
Etamine Outfits at $9.75. J&JI'h
Gray— just the right gray for summer I 9j *7y
—made in Norfolk style, and with yoke \t£&^ /nivvFfii
and cute little vest, latest cut sheaf £///$' I\\
skirt. Another interesting value for V J?a/ If <£A \
outdoor wear-are these ' >^^^ K\ t§\ \
Others silk-lined completely: pl& '^L \
I $16.50, $18.75, $22.50, $24.75. .1 . \^/*\__Y^^
White Lace Curtains.^
p ; : o
I 1 Not old — not common — not riff-raff— nothing that
wouldn't readily sell at full price — not just a few mixed in
to help sell others, but hundreds that we expect you'll
buy— price is too tempting —
$1.00 per pair
Gives you your choice.
— Not one worth less than r $i.2 5 — most of them worth . $1.50 — three
widths, 52 inches, 54 inches' and 60 inches — all z}& yards long. Edges
heavily bound. This factory has 9 patterns they were going to dis-
continue — almost 5000 pairs. They didn't want to take time to ped-
dle them out— said we could have them at a bargain if we'd take them.
We did. 2900 pairs came-to San Francisco. ' • •
A' . : ¦ ¦ : — — * 4
Bond Writing: Paper
19c per lb— worth 25c
We want to draw attention to our stationery section— once look?
there you will be interested — much of unusual merit just now — envel-
opes to match. This bond paper 10c per package — 25 in package-
various tints. "" •
White Envelopes 25c per box 250, extra rood quality— well gummed
Box Paper 7c 24 sheets— 24 envelopes to match— cream color— excellent
duality.
Lead Pencils 15c per dozen— very grood quality— rubber tipped.
o — = — 0
JMarketStreet.T *%*&%# t£g&> /ffl \ t **L®^- f . [Market Street,?
I Neap Sixth, 7M/ /M <&&§& <&£>&!!* Z$^k 1 Nw Sixth,
1 Opposite Golden j£gj*^'^ "-«— _^^*gg» I Opposite Golden J
J^ GateAvenne. 1*^ n^fO COOD^n^ 1 Gate Avenue. 1
I Compare the 1
I *\ Little Cigar/ I
I with any other brand I
| and you will find that i
I its quality is unequaled I
I and that it is also the |
I biggest little cigar I