PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOIiiniE XCI.— NO. 118.
(LEADING '¦¦ DEMOCRAT WHOM > GOVERNOR GAGE MAY REAPPOINT
TO THE : BANIv COMMISSION IN ORDER TO GET RID OF A DAN
GEROUS POSSIBLE RIVAL,' ITOR THE GUBERNATORIAL. OFFICE.
MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE APPOINTED BY THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES TO INVESTIGATE THE CHARGE OF BRIBERY
IN CONNECTION WITH SALE OF THE DANISH WEST INDIES.
; ; ;. • Continued "- 6n v Page ;,Two.
Continued on Page Tm.
Continue'dVbn " Pagis ' TTvoi' ; '
DEMAND AN INVESTIGATION.
Cleared of the Charges.
Congressmen Are Anxious to Be
TVASHIXGTOX, March 27.— At the open
lnr of the session of the House ' to-day
Fifty. Families ; Mads ¦ Homeless.
SCRANTON, Pa., March 27.-Fire to-day
in the yallage of. PeckvlUc, j eight /niilea
from" here,^destroyed forty buildings, with
muih their conte its/ Ix>sa : ?lS0,O3J..Thirf'
ty>of* the bulldlng3 ¦' were Insured. "} Fifty
famines are i left' ho^r;ck*ss;and, are, being
cared! for by. the neighbors. • .-
SHRINKAGE OF BRrriSH/ '/ v ~
/ INVESTMEITTS ¦¦' IN AMEBICA
London Press' Says England Is Wasr
ing Her Energies in the ' South
African-. Desert.'-- ' : '
; ; LONDON, ' March 27.— In an : editorial
this morning on the ''American inva
.sion". and-, the; shrinkage- of; British In
.vestments In the United States, the: Dally
News» says: •¦¦/'.'• /' ' ' ¦
- "We are assuredly not trying, to make
out a case for. protection of the boycotting
of 'American wares. 1 But At -Is a matter
of serious Import that, j while we are "wast
,lng;our/we"alth/energies; and' manhood in'
the South % Africani*desert.', the 'Americans
'are- steadily Securing /control ;:of -'our in
dustries.:. It lS'tlmeith'e.iuilion'aroused It
self ¦ to a^sehse/ of /the' gravity • of 'Its : po
altiori.'f"- ;f" /'.'-• ¦'¦•" "'' ' ':'¦'"."' '"¦¦¦ r -
and Denmark for the sale of theislands
by the latter to the former Government
may beconsumnfated."
\ The resolutions further recite that said
secret report states that the said $500,000
shall be immediately paid to Christmas if
tlie . Purchase money Is paid by the United
Stales; for ; tlie corrupt objects set forth.
The pendency of the ratification of the
treaty^ is also set forth. In conclusion
'therresolutions recite that a select com
mittee .of seven members of the House of
Hepresehtatlves ' be appointed by the
Speaker to : examine Into tbe charges and
the alleged circumstances, contracts, etc.,
"which in any manner have for their ob
ject the brib'ery of or the attempted brib
*ery-of members of the United States Con
gress, or. of the payment of any valuable
consideration of any kind or character. to
them, or to any of them, to vote for or to
assist in procuring the proposal, adoption
or ratification of the said treaty of sale of
the said islands."
.Payno Makes Point of Order. *
JThe- Republican leaders hurriedly consulted
during the reading of the resolution and when
the' reading- had been concluded Payne,' the ma
jority leader, immediately made the point or
order that the matter . presented was not priv
ileged. .TiU .basis of, the resolution, Payne'
said contemptuously,- was based upon an alleged
secret' report 1 to the Danish Government. -
Richardson met this with the statement that
he had a copy of the secret report to the Dan
ish Government. '. ' * ¦
"On my honor, as a member of this House,"
eald he,'* '.'I '.'have .'now. In my desk what pur
ports; to be and what I believe"; is that -secret
confidential report. ' Assuming the full re'spon-
Bibility. of my words I believe I have unmistak
able evidence ;that this report was made to the
Danish •. Government ty* a '.quasi, ¦ if 'not
agent 'of that ; Government." / "
"When did the gentleman obtain access to
the secret archires of the Danish Government?*.'.
Interposed _ Payne, : sarcastically.'
''I ' never • have , been - in » Denmark," '. retorted
•Richardson of Tennessee, the minority
leader.offcred as a matter of privilege a
resolution for the appointment of a com
mittee of five to investigate" the charges
said to have been made by Walter Christ
mas, a semi-official representative of the.
'Government . of Denmark, in ; a secret re
port' to his Government, In which It was .
made to appear that he was to" receive
$500,000 of the purchase money, for. the sale ;
of the Danish West Indies for bribing ''¦
newspapers and members of Congress..
The resolutions j presented by Richard
son are In part as follows: ' r '¦¦¦ ¦£-'£ .,> ./
' "Whereas, one Walter Christmas, a
subject of Denmark, who is now and who
has been for several years a diplomatic
agent and representative of the Govern
ment of Denmark, authorized and empow
ered to negotiate with the Government
of the United States for the sale of the
Danish West Indian Islands to the United
States, and who was also the agent of
the United States for the purchase of said
islands, has submitted' a secret, and con
fidential •/ report to his own Government;
and ' - ;
"Whereas," the. said Christmas, agent
and representative as aforesaid,. In his
said report ; to his ; Government declares
and sets/ forth among other things the
fact that the Government of Denmark
has contracted, -agreed and obligated
Itself to pay, and turn over to him, the
said Christmas, 10 per centum, or. about
5500,000, of the proceeds of the: purchase
money arising from the sale of said Isl
ands to the "United _ States ' when
the same -ehali; 'have been- paid
by the United States to Denmark for the
express purpose, as has been declared and
Bet forth by him in his said secret report
to his Government, for the bribing of
members of the United States Congress,
Including members of the House of Rep
resentatives, and other prominent citizens
of this country, and for subsidizing Amer
ican newspapers, to the r end 'that' the
peridingr treaty ; -between 'thV United" State*
Representatives Are Indignant at Story of
Danish Agent atid Act Promptly.
"W HT ASHiXGTOX. March. 27.
w Sj| f —A genuine sensation
k/k/- '. tras •.-caused- in the
tjr B' House . to-day _vby the
* * presentation by Rich-
ardson of Tennessee,
the Democratic leader, "of charges alleg
ing the corrupt use of a fund of $500.00J
in connection with the sale of the Danish-
West Indies. The charges were contained
in an alleged secret report of Captain
"Walter Christmas to the Danish Govern
ment, which declared that he had em
rloyed corrupt means .to bring the nego
tiations for the eale of the Islands' to a
consummation. The report,' extracts from
which Richarflscn read, mentioned .the
names of Abner McKinley and his part
ner. Colonel Brown; C. W. Knox, who
v/as described as "an intimate friend' of
Senator Manna;" Richard P. Evans, who
was said to represent "Mr. Gardner and
his friends In the House," and two^press
associations, the names of which. -were not
given, as having been Interested in the
matter.
The charges against members of Con
.gress were not specific. Upon the basis of
this report, Richardson asked the adop
tion of a resolution for the appointment
cf an investigating committee of seven.
The Speaker ruled", that the matter was
privileged after Richardson had amended
hlr resolution, bo as to specifically Include
members cf the House. Great excitement
attended the whole proceeding.
Cannon of Illinois insisted that Richard
eon's presentation -was fragmentary and
that the whole matter should go over
until to-morrow In order that members
nJght read the documents presented,
•which included newspaper extracts, affi
davits, etc., in the record. Christmas, no
declared, on his own statement was a
briber or worse. But the House voted
dswn the motion to postpone and the res
cltrtion. after being amended In minor
particulars, was adopted. The Speaker
immediately appointed the following com
mittee to make the investigation:
Paizeli (R.) of Pennsylvania, Hitt (R.)
cf Illinois, Cousins (R.) of Iowa, McCall
<R.) of Massachusetts. Richardson (D.)
cf Tennessee. Dinsmore (D.) of Arkansas,
and Cowherd (D.) of Missouri.
EVERAL stories are in circu
-. fl^/- / ' latlon regarding the Influences
.^^^^ which prevailed on Governor
. Gage in the recent appolnt
,^^ i * ' ment of a "Superior Judge in
San Joaquin County. The
facts seem to be that the Governor studied
the political situation with an effort to
ascertain what effect the appointment
would have on his own prospects in San
Joaquin County. Perhaps the Governor
appointed the best man on the list of as
pirants. Information received by The Call,
however, is -to. the effect that Gage ap
pointed the candidate who wa3 most ac
ceptable to the law department of tho
Southern Pacific. The following story
from Sacramento concerning the appoint
ment Is readable: • "
SACRAMENTO,' March 27.— The Bee to
night publishes a very amusing tale from
Stockton of a gold brick presented to and
accepted by. Governor Henry T.Gage. A
short while ago Judge Joseph Budd, one
of the Judges of the Superior Court of
San Joaquin County, died. In Stockton,
and Governor Gage has been meditating
for some time as to who he would appoint
to tha vacancy, having, of course* due
consideration to the Improvement and re
pair of his own political fences.
"Wednesday afternoon Alexander Brown,
chairman of . the State Board of Equali
zation, meandered into Stockton, evi
dently, at the request of Governor Gage,
to inquire Into matters over there con
cerning the various aspirants . for the
judgeship.
TELEPHONES HIS VXEWS.
Wednesday, night he telephoned from
the Stockton Independent office his views
on the matter, and the Governor tele
phoned over, the appointment of George
P. Buck to be Superior Judge In place of
the lately deceased Judge Joseph Budd.
; Now comes the story as wafted from
Stockton. It appears that George F.
Buck is In hot water with the Federated
Trades of Stockton, an organization to
which Governor Gage has been kowtow-
Ing for quite a long. while. In fact George
F. Buck is virtually on, the blacklist of
the Federated Trades of Stockton because
he has persisted 'in. patronizing an estab
lishment which that organization hail
boycotted.
The attorney for.the Federated Trades,
one.C. II. Falrall, was an aspirant for
this .position, and it is asserted that the
cither, day Governor Gage told Fairall that
he would give him a hearing in referanc©
' pi ug HE; course' of Mayor -Schinitz
' B • ¦ in removing from office*. the bu
' '.• B . •¦ bonic Board of Health Is widely
• tig ' ¦ i ¦ commended." Peoples indorse .his
V.-^*" judgment and 'admire his nerve.
.,".•-.' ' ; In the • approaching, contest • In
'the'eourts the Mayor. Is sure to have, the
moral'and ; material' support ! of, the city.
The question /to : be determined Is hot/ one
of politics- or; of factions,-, and- the 'com
munity will view with suspicion any /ef
fort to make? political capital out' of the
proceedings. * - -. ¦ -,*" r 'X";V'r/'
•/ It was. whispered about last; night- that
\V." F. Herrin had invited' a conference to
consider the of supporting
the Mayor, by.' employing a big lawyer to
•help the-:, Mayor's , In . the \ courts
and' by dipping Into the" State appropria
itioh of $100,000i; for|' counsel fees, fy} \
; It/seems to The;Call ;that. the/proceed
ings .ought -to 'be ;conduc^e'd | without any
actlve'.iriterf er^nce. on the- part.'of Herrin.
If. : Governor. Gage. desires to assist Mayor
Schmltz- in 'handling, the case 'let him ex
' tend hls^ aid through • the State Board of
Health and keep the law" department -of
the Southern Pacific " in reserve for some
• other ' kind of. ? work. '.'-..
EEBBlir.- INVITES CONFERENCE.
,At\the City' Hall -last night it was/said
that Her'rfn- had Invited the conference to'
assemble at his- office! at 12 o'clock. to-day?
If this •question jpertalns," to ' the? public
health and /this- proposed meeting 'really
signifies/ a / purpose' : to .. uphold- arid
strengthen/- the I executive of "Sari -Fran-,
cisco why • should ' not .the conference ; : be
held ir i ' the- Mayor's* office or in the" rooms
of the newly appointed 'Board of Health?
If Governor. Gage wants i to get in
sustain the Mayor v/hy does he engage
Herrin to; act 'as his. agent?;. .
_ v The tendency of the" Governor and Her
rin to subvert everything to politics . ex
cites 1 the suspicion of the people. ¦ No good
can i result :' from .a secret session pro-
r grammcd:by Herrin ana /Gage. Again,
.wha^ is' the sense. of 'talking, about'-em-'
ploying specially gifted and eminent coun
sel to assist .the. Mayor whert that bril
liant- lawyer, George/ A.. Knight, Is a\-j
! ready on' the pay.;roll of the " public aa
attorneyof the State'- Board of, Health?
The ."co'nf eferice at , Herrin's ; effice is " pro
jected to do»GaKe politics and^to'do auch
political work' to the". real detirimaht .of
the case in court/ ' ¦, . ,in?V
ECHMITZ .J DESERVES SUPPORT.
- Ma.yor Schmitz., deserves, support, but
the ¦ assistance , should .' come. in. a -proper
mannerland; through' legltima te '. channels."
Allegations of
Christmas^}
Minority Revives the
Governor Blunders in Appointing Buck.
Suspicious Conference to Be Held.
Richardson Brings Up
the Subject in
the House.
A lljm HE ; Gage .^ camp ¦ is^,' excited
Sf -over^ the ' f rep6rt'. 'that; Bank':
rar . Commissioner.^' \ Bernard D.
B .< slated as the
¦JmL ¦' -Democratic .nominee for,;. Go v--
\ i ernoiy ."He
exclaimed -. a -well-known ' Republican ;
to ' George Knight.; The" . latter' . lis-*
tened' to the prediction' of Gage's defeat
and also. pondered, over, a "suggeatibnHha't *'!
it would be ; wise v on the Governor's -part
to reappolrit Barney- Murphy to the' Bank
Commission. It' was said, to Knight that,
the Governor, could justify \ the ' appoint-'
ment of a Democrat on 'the, ground that
the appointee was;a pidneerjcltizen and ai
representative of one- of/ the oldest; and'
most' distinguished families of California.
This plan of, putting Murphy" on the side-
track caught: the : fancy ; of ; Knight,-- who
replied: • "It is a good- suggestion. '., Gage
could give reasons for indorsing la Demo
crat of ' Barney > Murphy^s . character.
Murphy is not ambitious/ to be Governor.
He is quite well satisfied to remain as he
is, a Bank Commissioner.- Let me talk
over this matter with Herriri. \ If we agree
we will go .to Gage and* ask- him -to. take
care of Barney.'.',: .. '¦'; ..',.¦.»/ .•¦-'¦
The story goes that' Knight lost. no ;, time
in calling up Herrln', and makings an ap
pointment to see the latter .on important
business. After the '..Knight
said that Heirrih readily, boncurred /in ' the.
suggestion and 'agreed /to Gage and
urge the appointment. ' / % .- .-" : ¦. '"'. ; ..-.
It is common political, gossip 'that ¦ lead
ing Democrats have been considering :the
advisability of placing Barney, Murphy/at
¦ the,, head . of : their - State. /ticket.' : » Herrin's
plan of campaign, li to place/Gage at .the
head. of the" Republican' ticket and 'then
pick out some weak and ; vulnerable Demo
crat to head the opposing ticket Gage'ls
j ready ' to place the > State patronage where
it will . do /him the most good in his des
perate struggle "¦ for j re-election. ¦ He. is 're
taining in ' office -~ serviceable.- Democrats
wherever they can .be /retained
provoking a storm : ofprbtcst:,iri' the Re
publican ranks. . ' /.-¦ . - ; •'- "V.//''\v'
Bernard Murph'y's term as -Bank j Com-;
missloner : will not expire until' December,
1902. He was' appoin ted.by 'Governor Biidd
in 18G3 to serve foraUerm of .four' years.!
The salary attached to the 'office is' $3600
per- annum: , As the. Governor at : the! last
session \ of : -the >¦ Legislature ' "monkeyed"
with section 1000 of the PolitlcalJ Code" fe-i
latlng to appointments /during- ''recess, no
appointee ,of the; present ; administration
can be sure of holding office'- beyond 'the
t adjournment, of , the next- session -of /the
Legislature. '-The' appointees* hive a" good
many -.risks; to takej\./ln . the'flrst place,
.'they -must' take the,. chance, Of, the. Gov
ernor's, renomination. ¦'and; in the. next
place ' they.*' must take' the risk „ of his de
feat in - the event of ''.¦' his renominatioh.
Finally, they ; must -take' the chance that
p'rpmises : of ; reappointment will be ful
filled. Thej amendment : to' nection 1000* nt
the Political -Code gives the Governor* the
lease of a gold-brick yard. ;- :. 7 ' |
Mffignm
i
by Herrm and i
His Retention as Bank
Commissioner Is
Advised.
Sueclal ; Dispatch to The Call.'
CALL. BUREAU,, 1106 G STREET, , N.
W., WASHINGTON. March- 27.— Secretary
Root is preparing nn onslaught on Lieu
tenant General Miles which will make
tha,t officer's reprimand in connection
with the Schley case I appear" in compari
son in the light of a mild rebuke -
The exact object of Secretary Root in
formulating this statement cannot be as
certained, and, In fact, those close to him
disposed to deny that he contemplates
making any public criticism of thiV com
manding general.' X A
Nevertheless a member of the Cabinet
said this afternoon . that since . General
Miles' attack on the President and Secre
tary Root.. the latter has been collecting
information bearing upon the ' relations
which General Miles sustained with La
mont when that* gentleman was Secretary
of War, with General, Alger and himself.
A report was current in army, circles that
the Secretary was preparing this state
ment for the use of the President in con
nection with the transmission to Congress
of the Information called for by,the"Bur
leson resolution. .' i'yi'-i • .
PURPOSE OP ROOT.
..This resolution, however,/ calls,, upon;
the President only .for' "Copies of all cor
recpondence relating to : and papers : bear
ing upon the matter of the. recent request
/>f_I J ieu^enant^General ll Milea4yB;.!bBi.as
fcigned; to ;dut"y In aBe'phiirppInvo .; and! to
be allo wed' v to I put" into - effect 'there the
plan, c utlined by him having ; for its pur
pose arid being: calculated to .bring about
an Immtd:ato . cessation of . hostilities! in
snid Philippines without further loss '• of
life on either side.".
It would seem to be impolitic for the
President to use this resolution as. a peg
upon which to hang a statement of Lieu
tenant General- Mills', general conduct,
and it is i;ot believed that this is the pur
pose wl.ich the Secretary has in view in
preparing a statement' of that officer's
services since/his occupancy. of his pres
ent pcriUoii'. ' </ t;'': : - ~?"^\
There is nc intention at present of plac
ing lieutenant General Miles on the re
tired list, although the statement wouM
be useful in showing the causes which
would prompt the President to take su;h
action. Secretary Root has not, however,
finished his testimony before the Senate
Military Committee, and lie will reply to
the strictures passed upon the President
and himself by / General Miles. It may
be that he will, avail 1 himself of this op
porl unity to speak his mind about the
commanding General.
"MILES REMAINS SERENE.
When the statement reaches the public
it v.'il. be found tc be in the nature of a
resume of the correspondence to which
General Miles was a party. There was
fricMon between General Miles and La
morit, an open iupture between General
Algcr and the commanding general, arid
the same condition exists to-day between
that army officer and his superior. It will
bo shown that General Miles alone was
responsible' for bringing this condition
about. It was the duty of General Miles
to bave : supported tlie views of the Presi
dent and Secretary, of War on the canteen
question,'*' yet he •deliberately approved ' the
abolition of this soldiers' comfort. Gen
eral Miles has, also been blamed for. per
mitting the statement to reach the public
that he had opposed the location of forts
near large cities because he did not think
H proper or • wise to attempt to overawe
the laboring man. Enemies of the general
say in the case ofkhe canteen he sought
the influence ' of the temperance people of
the ccuntry, and in the other the support
of the labor classes. " rcM ic,tC<'ri
General Miles Is apparently serene under
the sword '6f -Damocles which is 'hanging
over'hia head.', He was at- the' "War De
partment this' morning, and attended to
routine matters.- and this afternoon -was
playing golf at the v Country Club.. .His
friends insist- that he_ is noi ; dissatisfied
with the :result of his frank statement
to the Senate ¦Committee", as the staff re
organization bill is dead, and this was the
object of his criticism. _
Is Happy Jn Beat
ing Staff Bill.
¦ ¦ -.. :¦!¦ ¦/¦¦:¦ : Y^K-
CommandingGeneral
Secretary Is Anxious
to Ouidq Birst
jci lur i.
AIMING
FIERCE
REBUKE
Root Is Preparing an
Onslaught on
The San Francisco Call.
GAGE CAMP IS ALARMED OVER THE REPORT THAT DEMOCRATS
WILL NAME BE RNARD D. MURPHY OF SAN JOSE FOR GOVERNOR
CONGRESS TO INVESTIGATE
BRIBERY CHARGE RELATING TO
SALE OF DANISH WEST INDIES
SA£T FRANCISCO, ; FRIDAY', MARCH 28,, 1902.HEAD OF THE LARGEST AD
! VERTISING AGENCY IN THE
WORLD.
LOS ANGELES. March 27.— John Reh
fus Jr., the three-year-cpd son of an at
tache of the Cemetery Association, was
run over and killed to-day at Hollywood,
a suburb of this city. The boy had
crawled under a vehicle standing on the
street and the driver drove on without
seeing the child. The wheels passed over
his body and crushed him to death. ¦
Child Killed by a Wagon.
Herrin, in summoning his confreres over
the telephone, conveyed the word that he
was authorized, by Governor Gage to "call
the meeting. Citizens of San Francisco
will wonder why Herrin. instead of the
Mayor, was delegated by Gage to issue
the summons. The' main auestion in
volved is whether the Mayor's removal
of- the bubonic ' board was in conformity
with law. Gage and Herrin may fancy
that the time is auspicious for political
work, but the San Francisco public would
prefer that politics should not be pro
jected into the controversy.
ICumber of Prisoners Taken and Cor
respondence of Great Value to r ¦
. Colombia.
PANAMA, March 27.— Great excitement
was aroused \ this evening by . the arrival
of the Government gunboat. Chucuito
towing a schooner filled with men wearing
red bands on their hats, the insignia of
the revolutionists. • - :.' •.
'The Chucuito : ihet . and 'captured the
steamer off Caplra. She is laden with salt
and ammunition for the revolutionary
general, Lugo, who is j operating in the vi
cinity of Caplra. .' Among the prisoners on
board the schooner were two officers who
were; captured at Agua Dulce. Both offi
cers .were wounded. The correspondence
captured with the steamer is said to be of
much value to the Government.
¦ The revolutionary : General • Herrera and
GTJNBOAT CAiPTTJBES
INSURGENT SCHOONEB
WASHINGTON, March 27.— It is said
that the answer of the State Department
to the Richardson resolution directing an
investigation of the. charges made in con
nection with" the Danish -West Indian:
treay will disclose 'the fact • that accord-
Ing to the record the United States Gov
ernment has refused to have anything to
do with any persons , as a party to the
treaty who were not directly connected
with the Danish Government. The de
partment also •, placed ,'., on . record ; its de
termination to pay no commission to any
person on account of '. the cession of the
islands. It: will be pointed out that our
Government had no right to dictate to
the Danish Government as to what It
should do in the matter of, paying com
missions. • . . - t;.-.
As it has been assumed I in some quar
ters that, the failure of Congress to. ap
propriate the $5,000,000, which > was to > be
the price paid/for, the islands, would In
itself cauS£ a'tfajjurej- of: thp, transfer of
the- territory, -;-it rtnajT be Said -that ; the
construction of the treaty .toy., the - "State
Departmeni'viS'that airectly' upon the ex
change of ratifications the, islands . be-
the Resolution.
Answer of the. State Department to
PAYS NO COMMISSION.
EMPEROR. WASHES FEET \/ : ,
OF TWELVE AGED MEN
Ceremony, in Presence^of
Francis, Joseph Performs Traditional
Nobility.
VIENNA,- March 27.— Emperor . Francis
Joseph "this morning performed at the
Hofburg the traditional ceremony of
washing the feet of twelve aged men.. The
nobility and the diplomatic corps,-includ
ing the United .States ' : Minister, S. Mc-
Cormlck; Chandler Hale,' secretary of the
United States Legation; Captain Floy
Harris, military attachfe, and Mrs. Har
ris, witnessed ..the ceremony, after which
his Majesty hung bags, of money on the
necks of the participants,' whose aggre
gate age was 1010 i years. The. Old men
wore ancient Dutch /Costumes.-
The ages of twelve women recipients of
the imperial gifts aggregated 1182 years.
Dies at His Wife's Side.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 27.— With
the remark that it was "time to get up,"
Mrs. R. H. | Bryant attempted to rouse
her sleeping husband at 5 o'clock in the
morning and discovered . that he had died
at her side during the night, presumably
from heart trouble. Bryant was 50 years
of age and a native of Canada. He had
been in California for .twenty years and
was a prominent merchant of San Ber-'
nardlno. ? • . ' . '
MONTREAL. March 27.— A special general
meeting of the shareholders of the Canadian
Pacific ¦ Railway was held 'here to-day to con
firm the issue of $13,500,000 worth "of hew
slock. . The issue was authorized.
WASHINGTON, , March 27.-Represen
tatlve Dalzell, chairman of the commit
tee appointed to-day by Speaker Hender
son to investigate the charges in the Dan
ish "West Indian treaty, says, he willgo
over the allegations to-morrow, when
they appear in the Congressional Rec
ord, and arrangements will then be made
for an early meeting of the committee,
probably on Saturday. Until then, Dal
zell said, 1 there would be no plans as to
the conduct of the investigation.
Investigate.
rians of the Committee Selected to
FOB AN EARIiY HEAKING.
When, early In February last, the contents of
Walter Christmas' secret report to the Dani6h
Government relative to the transfer .of .the
Danish- West Indies to the United States be
came public a party comprising a large portion
of Denmark's best and most influential men
and highest Interests, realizing -that since
Christmas had in the furtherance of the pend
ing treaty served by direct authority, flrtt.
the Secretary of State of the United States,
and afterward the Danish Prime Minister/ Mr.
Horring. It would be impossible tb disassociate
his efforts from the treaty or the- methods set
forth in .' his report from the official negotia
tions; and, realizing further that If the pres
ent treaty was consummated and -permitted; to
take effect, Denmark would be obliged to stand
before the world as having made use of and
the United States as having accepted such ne
gotiations as said Christmas sets forth and
describes in the above-mentioned report, and
since it was thought that that .would place the
people of the two nations In an .unfavorable
and regrettable light, I was requested by the
party, referred to to Journey with all speed
from Copenhagen to Washington and lay be
fore the representatives of the people of the
United States the facts touching certain parts
of ' the negotiations, in order that any further
steps taken by the United States toward caus
ing the taking effect of the treaty In question
must be done with a* full knowledge of the
situation. . • . NIELS GRON.
Washington, March 27 1902.
WASHINGTON, March'' 27.— Following
is a- statement made by Niels Grbn re
garding the Christmas statement: • j. •. • . ;
Treaty.
Allegations Are Made to Defeat", the
NIELS GRON'S -STATEMENT.
"Does such a condition of affairs exist Mr
Speaker? Every member of Congress can be
called and Interrogated upon his oath if he
met this man Christmas, if he dined with him
at the hotels. If he sought in any way to make
public opinion in favor of the ratification of
this treaty for the purchase of the Danish
islands. . ¦ -
'Afa£ri£.« e *M ?T a<le r 5° refie ctlon upon any
,K t °r1 Clal; bU u l dO 8ay thls - th « «*•*«
facts that I have submitted here, the extracts
irom these Danish papers, show that all this
corrupt contract business has been exposed and
published since the 28th day of JanuanMn the
Danish papers. I take It that the Senate of
the United States did not know on the 17th
2 a X K f F * brua 7 t^t *500.000 qf that money
had been bargained away for the corrupt pur
pose of buying them and you and the balance
of us, into the support of this measure and yet
on the 17th day of February the .American
Senate almost unanimously as I believe and
as has been published in the newspapers ' rati
fied this treaty. Did they, know. Mr. Speaker,
when they ratified this treaty, that these things
were being published in Copenhagen, Denmark?
Did , these United States Senators, did the
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the Senate
know this? I -do not know, but this Is the
first time the attention of this House has been
called tp this disgraceful state of affairs It
seeemi-'to tn« there Is one thing unpardonable
.In; thi». whole . business, J and that i Is the"-De
partment of ' State must have knownW -the
publication of these Infamous charges in Den
mark and in Copenhagen, for two weeks - or
nearly three weeks before this treaty was
.ratified.!' .-•-..» ¦¦.-.-•¦¦-- -•- ¦<
- ; Changes the Preamble.
HItt pointed out that as framed the resolu
tions asserted facts on tho responsibility, or
"Docs this not demand an investigation at
our hands? Are we to Bit here and permit this
paper to be published In the leading papers not
only of Denmark and the United States
because a portion of this report making these
charges has already been printed In a Phila
delphia paper and In some other papers In this
country, also in the London Times? It has been
printed..! venture to say. in the leading papers
of every capital of Europe. These charges
have gone forth to the world that there is a
condition of affairs In the United States Con
gress, as described by this Minister, that is
simply horrible, and that he had known It for
a lonff time.
"Xow. I am not' here to charge, ' and I do'
not charge, that any American Congressman
or Senator has been bribed In this matter- but
here is the declaration of this agent of the
Danish Government and of our own Govern
ment that he had contracts for $500,000 of the
money which w,e : supposed we were paying into
the treasury of ; Derimaric for these Islands, to
be used, as he cald, for the corrupt purpose of
bribing American Congressmen. ' ,
Richardson then proceeded:
"Now. Mr. Speaker. I could make more of
these quotations, but I will not take the time
of the House. It is enough to show what a re
port this creature has made to the Danish
Government, this -man whom our Secretary of
State used as an agent — I was about to say tool
but as an agent — to' carry a trusted diplomat
from our legation ¦ in London t9 the court at
Copenhagen and tbere. entertain this trusted
agent and procure him admission and introduc
tion to the Prime Minister of Denmark, which
resulted in putting on foot the negotiations
leading to this treaty.-
two men— C. W. Knox, who' was an intimate
friend of- Senator' Hanna, and Richard f.
Evans, a- lawyer in Washington, who repre
sented Mr. Gardner and his friends In the
House. TKese took an active part in the per
sonal agitation, since they talked with a large
number of members of Congress and agitated
fcr the purchase of the .islands.-" I had .con
tracts with them both, according to which they
and through them certain members of Congress
should have a share of the commission if the
sale took place, but the two gentlemen's agita
tion expenses, •etc', bills In restaurants- and
hctejs, 1 1 had to pay. The two press associa
tions. Abner MeKinley and Brown, Evans,
Knox and others had promised that their con
tracts should be guaranteed by the • house of
Seligman. To this the banking house had
agreed, as It . should In. one way or another
have to be recognized by the Danish Govern
ment." ••-;''
Enlisted by Christmas^-
The report then describe/1 bow Christmas
had enlisted not only President McKlnley's
brother and his partner, but two press associa
tions, cne in ICew York and one In Washing
ton, end a prominent banking house in New
York In the sale of the Islands. In the report
Christmas eaid among other thir.gR that hehaJ
ae his i-pecial assistants C. . W. Knoi, an \n
timate frk-nd of Senator Hanna. and' a Wash
ington lawyer named • Richard P. Evans, who
represented Mr. Gardner and his friends in the
Houfc • The Danish Tcrcl^n Minister was re
ported os disgusted with the", methods which
had to be pursued, but as finally giving his
acquiescence. ¦ ' ' {
Richardson eald that Christmas was speaking
of Inviting members of Congress to dine with
h'm at the Hotel Raleigh . In this city. Ke
then quoted from the report as follow*: •
"It was not alone the; members of Congress
I had to invite. I had at my special assistants
Christmas described as • "having the entry to
the White House and* being familiar with the
ways of American politics and what member cf
Congress would have to be paid to accomplish
the results desired." I >
"I will only read the lucious extracts which,
if true, should brier the blush of shame to the
cheek of every American," said he, "for the
statements will disgrace this country In the
ere* of every foreign country In the world.
This is what this corrupt bargainer «av«."
He then proceeded to read Christmas' ac
count of fcl« Interview with the Prime Minister
cf Denmark. In which he was sold to have told
the Minister cf the necessity for the use of
money to bring the negotiations for the sale
cf the islands to a successful termination. lie
told of his acquaintance with Abner MeKinley.
Preeifler.t McKlnley'c brother, and . his - law
partner. Colonel Brown.' two eentlenien whom
Matter of High Privilege.
"Thi« Is a matter of high -privilege," «?ald the
Speaker, delivering his ruling. - "Exactly what
ctatue a. report to a foreign Government would
have here might be questioned,, bnt the gentle
roan from Tennessee having stated upon his
honor as a member of the Hoose that the
charges are true " . . . ;, !
"Oh, no, Mr. Speaker," Interrupted Richard
eon. "I did not say the report was true. I
vouched for the fact- that Mr. • Christmas had
made them." . .,
"The gentleman having vouched for the au
thenticity of the : charger." continued the
Speaker, "the chair. holds the roaster le cne of
privilege and recognizes the gentleman from
Tennessee." • , ¦ ,i.- \
By this time the Interest In ttie'Hotise was
intense. Almost every seat was occupied- and
the members listened eagerly as Richardson
proceeded to present his case. First be read
extracts from the press at Copenhagen. These
were followed by an affidavit from Neils Grcn
concerning his .dealings with certain people
here, but they were not particularly 'sensa
tional. ; . , •
The real sensation came when he started to
read from what purported to fee the report of
Walter Christmas concerning the negotiations.
He prefaced the reading by the statement that
it would show a "corrupt bargain" worthy of
the consideration of the House. The report was
too long to read in full, he eatd.
Rlcherdeon, "but the gentleman knows there
are other ways of obtaining authentic Gov
ernment documents. I have the evidence here.
This Is a grave charge. I do not bring 'it here
for the purpose of- making political 'capital.
Her* is a. charge that $50O.t<,O was paid -tpr the
express purpose of bribing the American Con
ercag, yet the gentleman from New York seeks
to interpose a technical objection." j ' \, : -
Speaker Henderson at this point called atten
tion to the fact that the language ol.the reso
lution charged- that newrpapers and' members
of Congress had been bribed. - ..-.' ¦'
"Members of Congress," he eald."i"aid not
necessarily include taembers of the House. If
members of the Senate, that body must- be the
custodian of Its own morals."- He 'thought If
the resolution was ¦ to toe -privileged: It" should
epeclfically include members of the House.
"I am prepared to Bay." replied Richardson,
"that these charges do Include members of the
House and will amend the resolution to that
extent." . i • ' •
Ppea.ker Henderson thereupon ruled that the
matter held was privileged. -
CONGRESS TO IINVESTIGAT! j
Continued From Page One.
j It is reported here that the Government
soldiers wounded- during the recent fight
ing at David and Agua Dulce have not
received proper medical attention.
his staff are reported to be on their way
to Chiriqui on board the gunboat Padilla
The Government gunboat Boyaca is on
the . lookout for . other revolutionary ves
sels.. • . ..-;*
"We receive then the "advertiser's prop
osition. We have gathered together the
best class of people we can. procure; we
consult together and decide what is best
to be done. The advertiser receives the
benefit of their experience." *
"An advertiser comes to us; we have
the organization to handle his business
and advise him from the first to last. We
have seen the successes and failures of
other advertisers, and why should we not
be able to advise him- better than any
one else? It is foolish- to think I could
go into the Jewelry business and make a
success of it from the start. I would in
all probability lose my fortune before I
had acquired the first" rudiments of the
business. " -. '
Advertisers Are Advised.
In 1S93; the second in 1895. Mr. Fuller
backed both concerns with all the credit
of his house for the advertising they
needed. : Their present success is of his
creating. ¦ •••< -.- : .; .
, "Advertising . to-day -is more of a pro
fession- than a business,"- says ; Mr;'Ful
ler. "Forinstanqe, in our Chicago office
we have one hundred and, thirty people,
including as good artists 'and writers, as
we can get. Our staff is necessarily of
high-priced men. We have the experi
ence and the training to make use of that
experience for the advantage of an ad
vertiser.
" In 1SS0 ''"" he established his present
agency. The one room he then occupied
has since grown into large offices in
Buffalo,' New York and London, in addi
tion to the main office in Chicago, which
occupies three floors of one of Chicago's
greatest sky-scrapers.
Mr. Fuller could not state the amount
of advertising he handled in 1880, but last
year, 1901, his agency paid over two mil
lion dollars for, advertising placed for his
clients. All his customers' foreign'busi
ness is placed abroad from his London
office. Two of his customers are spending
over $600,000 each this year advertising
their goods. They are F. A. Stuart &
Co., Marshall, Mich., manufacturers/of'
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets and Stuart'j
Catarrh Tablets, and Postum - Cereal
Company, Battle Creek,. Mich., who make
Postum Cereal Coffee and Grape-Nuts..
The first concern started in a small way
come the property- of -the United- States
without waiting for the payment of the
money, and the failure of Congress, to
make the appropriation ' would simply
leave outstanding,- av, debt of •; honor
against us. '¦>: .;'>; • •
Establishes Agency.
CHARLES H. FULLER of Chi
cago, who has created more suc
cessful businesses for other peo
ple than any other man in his
line, who has made millionaires
by the magic of printer's ink and brains,
is at the Palace. Hotel with his wife. Mr.
Fuller, "is a man .of striking personal ap
pearance; .fully six feet tall, straight as
a ; ; redwood,, broad-shouldered, wellknlt
frame, in the prime of : life, a startling
resemblance to ' Colonel William Cody
(Buffalo Bill), with his iron gray mus
tache and beard, a keen eye and a pleas
ant face. . ...
He commands .. . one of the strongest
forces' and allies of modern successful
commercialism, he diffuses knowledge of
good things that makes toward peaceful
victories in business; in short, he is a
master of the a^t'and science of adver
tising. Advertising is his profession, and
his history is the history of advertising
in the United States. He. visits Califor
nia for the first time and is delighted with
the State. His high opinion of our State
has more merit and force because Mr.
Fuller is a widely traveled. man, not only
in this country, but abroad.
Mr. Fuller, is ;.a JPennsylvanian, with
Connecticut ancestry.: He moved to - Illi
nois ' when a' boy and came ; to. Chicago
early: in 1871.' ' ' ' ,
The resolutions were then perfected by the
Insertion of "it Is alleged" before all assertions
of fact. ' At the suggestion of Lacey of Iowa
the reference In the resolution to newspapers
was changed to 'read "newspapers or press as
sociations."' ' .- -. . •.; ¦-.
With these changes the resolutions were put
to a vote and were carried without a dissenting
vote. The Speaker .immediately announced the
investigating committee.
But Cannon angrily objected, his objection
being sustained by half a dozen other Repub
licans. The Speaker then put the question on
Cannon's motion to- postpone; The Republicans
generally voted for the motion, but such a
stentorian chorus of noes came from 'the Demo
cratic side that the Speaker announced: "The
noes seem to have It." . .-
Cannon did not ask for a division and the
Speaker declared the motion lost.
"I do not," insisted RIchardsdn. "That is
exactly what I desire. I ask your consent now
that this report be read In full from the clerk's
desk" '
"I am not seeking to dishonor .any one. I am
seeking to prevent dishonor," -'replied Richard
son. • ;: ¦ - . , <i\ -
"The gentleman fears to have the House ex
amine the documents before Unvotes," retorted
Cannon. .
"But these charges are printed in Denmark
and were known here from January 28 to Feb
ruary 17," Interposed Richardson.
"Does the gentleman not, think the Secretary
of State should have called the attention of the
Senate to the charge that $500,000 was being
epent to bring about a successful termination
of the negotiations?"
' "I do not know anything about it," respond
ed Cannon warmly; "and until, I do I. will say
nothing that would: dishonor any one. I'de
mand a vote." .-,-, : . ' ¦
"But he was accredited by the Secretary of
State," interposed ¦ Bichafdson, "and Instructed
to go to our Minister In London." -
"The gentleman artfully says the Secretary
of State made this man his agent," cried Can
non, indignantly. "I know nothing about it.
If anything ought to be Investigated I am for
an Investigation. But I am not in favor of
proceeding upon the extracts the gentleman has
read. Let the documents be printed In full.
Then each member of the House can act intel
ligently. No one will be more swift than I to
Investigate charges affecting Federal officials
and members of the American Congress."
Underwood of Alabama then got the floor.'
He declared that the honor of the country was
at stake In this matter and that was far above
the honor of a mere individual. He insisted
that Christmas after coming here to negotiate
the sale of the Islands had gone back as the
accredited agent of -the United States. It mat
tered not. he said.' whether he was thief or
knave he' had made the charges. While he,
hoped, for the honor; of the country, that they
were not true, they : should be thoroughly In-,
vesti'gated.
In answer to an Interrogatory from HItt of
Illinois Richardson stated Christmas' report
was dated October 1, 1901.
Cannon declared that he had never heard of
this man Christmas and he had no knowledge
concerning him, but according to his own belief
he was a briber and worse. ¦
Honor of Country at Stake.
"I move to postpone the consideration of the
resolution until to-morrow, " : . Interposed .Can-
Thereupon Meier of Indiana protested that
to-morrow was pension day and asked that
Cannon modify his motion to make it Saturday.
"Is not the honor of. a member of the House
more Important than the consideration of a
few pension bills?" cried Pierce of Tennessee.:
'"It seems to me," 'said Cannon. " breaking
In.- ''that It would be-, wise to make this in
vestigation/ if it Is worthy of investigation,
after ¦ the 'members of the House • have had
opportunity to examine the documents which
the gentleman from. Tennessee has read. They
are to be printed In- the record. When they
are printed we can see what substance there
is in them. There Is no man on the floor of
the House who docs not demand a full inves
tigation ' if the honor of any member is 'au
thoritatively called into question. But 5 1 do
not believe that there is. a man in the House
who wants to investigate the mere statement
of an acknowledged thief. I would be glad if
the whole matter would go over until to-mor
row when members can have had an opportu
nity to examine the documents. I make this
suggestion In the greatest good faith."
"And I have offered the resolution In the
greatest good faith." observed Richardson.
1 "The gentleman asks action on a document
the extracts of which, have. been. read," retorted
Cannon, hotly.
•..•The gentleman, need/ not become excited or
agitated. I am perfectly willing, to -have- .the
clerk. read the entire document," responded
Richardson. •' '
Richardson thereupon changed the preamble
so as to read: "Whereas. It is alleged," etc.
Cannon of Illinois made the first rejoinder
of any length. So far as he could catch the
charges, as they were read, he said It ap
peared that pome man named Christmas, who
acknowledged himself a "briber and worse."
made charges on which it was -proposed to make
an lnvestigatton whether any member of the
House of Representatives were guilty of bri
bery or the acceptance of bribes.
Cannon pressed Richardson to know whether
the report gave the name of a member or
members of the House said to have been
bribed, and they engaged in a very sharp clash.
Cannon was plainly laboring under considerable
excitement.
Richardson Insisted that the report did not
charge members of the House and Senate.
"I have mentioned several of the name3,"
eald he. "I will repeat them if need be."
the House, whereas they were mere charges of
an outside party.
ST. PAUL, March 27.— For the second
time within two weeks the main line of
the Northern Pacific is blocked and pas
senger' traffic is seriously ¦ interrupted.
Ten days ago the North Dakota section
of the line was tied up by the worst
storm in fifteen years. Reports to-day,
show that trains are blocked by l spring
rains and floods over miles of prairies.
The sudden change in temperature melted
the snow; then came very severe rains,
which hav6 transformed stretches of prai
rie near Mandan, N. D., and between
Mandan and Jamestown into veritable
lakes. . At' -many points the main line
tracks are completely . covered by the
water. Farther north the Great Northern
line has suffered severely, although the
floods have not bt-en' severe enough to
block trains. Still farther north the ' - 8oo'
line has had trouble, although being in
a more broken country It has been less
affected.- Trains -on both .lines are de
layed.. The Northern .Pacific overland
from the West due here Wednesday
afternoon has not yet arrived. The over
land due this afternoon is also blocked
and reports to officials to-night indicate
that the blockade may not be- lifted to
morrow. • ; At midnight a train made up
at Jamestown ; reached St. Paul, bringing
in travelers from points this side of the
flooded,- country. Some of' the Northern
Pacific westbound trains have been trans
ferred to the Great Northern at Fargo
and will go to the coast over that route.
Reports from .Winnipeg say that the
Great Northern's Manitoba division is.
tied up by washouts, but that transcon-:
tlnental traffic by the Canadian Pacific
Railway is but little delayed.
in North Dakota Is
Interrupted. — -—.;¦
Travel on the North Pacific
Melted Show and Heavy
Rains Turn Prairies.
Into Lakes.
FLOODS BLOCK
RAILWAY TRAINS
Establishes First Agjency Twenty-Two Years Ago
and ""Now Has Offices in Largest Cities in
America—He Will Stay for a Few Days at" Palace
ADVERTISING KING OF CHICAGO
IS HERE FOR A SHORT VACATION
LAND PROBLEM
IN PHILIPPINES
Methocl of Transfer to
the Government Still
': Undecided.
United States Appears to
Favor Direct' Settlement
- With 1 the Vatican. ¦;;;•'¦
to this appointment and It Is asserted
that at the very time Gage* gave that
promise he had already promised Buck
that he would appoint him. It is further
more publicly asserted by Ex-Judge Ansel
Smith that Governor Gage personally told
him that he -would appoint.. him.
Now comes the funny part of. the neu
ter, provided the Governor finds anything
amusing in It. The statement is made
that the appointment was gtven by Gaso
particularly to placate Dr. Harkness,
chairman of the Republican County Cen
tral Committee of San Joaquin, County:
Orrin Henderson, chairman of the Board
of Supervisors of San I Joaquin County,
and Ex-Congressman J. A. Louttit. The30
three are known In San Joaquin County
as the H H L gang, and they have been
and are bitter enemies of Henry T. Gage.
The statement goes In Stockton that they
have not been placated worth a cent and
that they not only got from Gage what
they wanted, but that they have put the
Governor not only in the position of
throwing down the candidate of the Fed
erated Trades, but of thrusting In the
face of the federation a man whom that
organization declares to be its enemy.
"ALLIANCE" FORMS BRANCH.
SUSPICIOUS CONFERENCE ARRANGED
This proposition is understood to be
strongly urged by Archbishop Ireland and
Archbishop O'Gorman, who would pos
sibly, in the event of its adoption, accom
pany the. first representative of the
United . States Government to visit the
Vatican in an official capacity.
Tt is expected that the administration
will decide as between these conflicting
propositions before the departure from
Washington of Archbishop Sbarretti.
Mgr.- Sbarretti later called on the Presi
dent. He stated that he had simply called
to pay hi3 respects.
But another proposition is under con
sideration at the White House and that
is to -have. the proceedings conducted at
the Vatican by the religious superiors of
Archbishop Soarretti on -the one hand
and by a legal representative of the
United States Government on the other.
In such case it has been suggested that
Governor Taft might stop at Rome on his
return by the eastward route to the Phil
ippines.
, WASHINGTON, March 27.-Archbishop
Sbarretti and his secretary. Mgr. Broder
lek, called at the War Department to-day
and had a short conference' with Secre
tary Root on the Philippines/
„ It appears that the issue now presented
to the Government here is one ot extreme
interest to the Catholic church/ Primarily
it resolves itself into the question wheth
er the settlement of the Philippine friar
land problem 'shall " be effected In Manila
or whether it shall be adjusted at Rome.
Archbishop Sbarretti, becoming Arch
bishop of Manila, will be the nominal
owner of al! the lands and real property
belonging to. the friars in the Philippines.
Therefore-he will be the person to whom
application -in- such case would be made
by the Philippine Commission, and the
transfer of - properties would be accom
plished in the usual and ordinary legal
means common to. condemnatory proceed
ings, such as are provided for in the pend
ing Philippine government bill.
Continued From Page One.
Secret Pledge Is Taken by Central
Republican Clubs.
The members of the old Central Repub-.
lican Club' of the Forty-second Assembly
District last evening formed a branch of
the Republican Mutual Alliance at a
meeting held at the headquarters of the
central organization. 1104 Market street.
' A. C. Berthier, general organizer of the
"Alliance." addressed the meeting at the
request of D. H. Sklllln, president of the
Central Republican Club. Berthier out
lined the plans of the alliance and said
that, its Important feature was a pledge
to stand by each other and vote as a unit
on all propositions. Speeches in a similar
strain were made by Dr. Crawford and 4
Messrs. Nagle, Lewis, Spencer and
Schafer.
Behind closed doors the members of the
club took the pledge of the alliance and
particular care was taken that no "out
siders" were in the rooms at the time.
The election of a president, secretary
and treasurer was then proceeded with, it
being decided to elect the balance of the
officers at the next meeting.
Dr. William T. Kibler was placed In
nomination for president and some ex
citement vas caused when a member of
the club named McGinnls opposed the
candidate. McGInnis stood alone in his .
opposition, however, and Dr. Kibler was
unanimously elected as president.
H. C. Temple was elected secretary and'
Alexander Simons treasurer.
A committee of three was appointed to
select permanent headquarters for the
club, Messrs. Howe. Nagle and Spencer
being selected by the chair. ' .,
¦ Dr. Crawford and Messr.s. Lewis, Nagle,
Schafer and Baurman were appointed .«>
committee on organization. General Or*
gsnizer Berthier announced that at the
next meeting he would appoint five deputy
organizers for the district. The meeting
adjourned subject to the call of the presi
dent.
dub Elects Delegates.
The delegates and alternates to the San
Jose convention elected "Wednesday night
at the meeting of the Forty-first District
Central Republican Club, better known
a3 the Horace Davis Club, at Loughead'a
Hall. 1605 Polk street, are:
Delegates — F. H. "Wheelan, Harry R. Hopp*.
Wallace Bradford." F. C. Irving; Maurlca
Brandt, Julian Sonntag, Frank C: Telfrldge,
F. T. Finch. Judee Edward A. Belcher, Wal
ter Gould. Charles A. Murdoch. Lester O.
Burftett. W. G. Lenfesty, Colonel James C.
Currier. N. H. Frank, O. C. Pratt. , A. G.
Towne, H. O. Beany. E. G. Pringrle. "William
Sexton. James Oswald. I. F. Kydd and F. JL.
Crosby, f.
Alternates — Stanley Forbes. F. Felgenbaum.
Captain Best. "William Refton. J.. Devlin.
Maxwell McNutt, Milton Bayley. Sidney M.
Ehrman, William J. Hatman, Jules Barsotti.
William Sherwood, Edward -J. Attridge, H. P.,
Lally, I. F. Moulton, W. H. Boston, Almerlc
Coxhead, James Spier Jr. and Montgomery
Boggs.
Delegate at larje — Sheldon G. Kellogg. John
Milward. alternate delegate at large.
GAGE BLUNDERS IN NAMING BUCK
Continued From Page One.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARC^H 28, 1902.
ATTENTION,
VOTERS!
Register JiOncei
' All citizens must- register to
vote at any Election of 1902. >
Office v open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. m., and . WEDNESDAY
-EVENING;fr6rn^ib 9.
By. order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners^ " :'
THOMAS J, WALSH,
Registrar.of Voters.
; s . Magic. *
The way Ealva-cea cures. Pile*.
DR. KHJIEB'S SWAMP-ROOT."
To Prove vvhatSwamp-Robt^ the Great Kid-
ney, Liver or Bladder Remedy, will do for
YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a
Qomnlf* RntH A Qpnt Pwaa hv ATflil
¦ . EAST ATLANTA. Ga., March 1st. 190L
DR. KILMER & CO.. Binghamton. N. Y...
<1 Gentlemen— While it has never been my habit or inclination to recommend
remedies the ingredients of "which are not. all- known to me. it seems as if I
should make an exception in the case of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. My experi-
ence, so far as I have tested it in my practice, forces me to the conclusion that It .
is a remedy of the greatest value in all kidney, liver, bladder and other inflamma-
tory conditions of the genito-urinary tract. I , now take pleasure in prescribing,
Swamp-Root in all such cases, with a feeling of assurance that my patients will .
derive great benefit from its use. I shall continue to prescribe it in other cases in
my practice with the expectation of good results. Very truly yours, j .-. . .
Gentlemen — I have prescribed that wonderful remedy for kidney complaint. Dr..
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, with most beneficial effect, and know of many cures by Its'
use. These patients had kidney trouble, as diagnosed by other physicians, and
treated without benefit. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root effected a cure. I am a liberal
man and accept a specific wherever I find it, in an'accepted school or out of it.
For desperate cases of kidney complaint under treatment with unsatisfactory re-
Eults I turn to Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,' with most flattering results. I- shall
continue to prescribe it, and from personal observations state that Swamp-Root;
has great curative properties. Truly Yours, .-. . -
(L. Ea-sto.v Irish, M. D.I •¦ :' <•; _r ¦ - J& V ¦ • >i i/l' "V •-
. i76 9th St. Borough ol / //¦ r ¦" " ~' Ar - * /'ft^--|''.
Brooklyn. NY J S f — -*L _^>S />^# If
Sept 24. »0i. &£, '^CS^*
Ewanip-Root is pleasant to take -and ie used in' the leading hospitals, recom--
tnended by physicians in their private practice and is taken by dojetors themselves
who have kidney ailments, because they recognize in it the greatest and most
successful remedy for kidney, liver and bladder troubles. '
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or bladder
trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr. Kil-
mer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y.. who will gladly send you by mail, immediately,
without cost to you; a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book telling all about
Swamp-Root and -containing- many of the thousands upon thousands of testimo-
nial 'etters received from men and women cured. In:writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co .
Binrhamton. be sure to. say that you read this generous offer in. the San Francisco
Daily Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what j'ou neeu, you can pur-
chase the regular 50-cent and $1 size bottles at the drugstores everywhere. Don't
make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. -Y., on every bottle.
A luxurious up-to-date train traveling- |f
through^interesting old-feusMonea pfcic^s <
Ghicaigb iiy three days
B \jr ' mer — it's the right shirt,
II too, for it's cool and com- j
fj -SsfT fortable. The shirts arc made up in many dif-
g ferent styles, patterns and colorings. . |
If Here is quite a novelty: A tan body shirt with black piping on the i
H bosom pfait and on the" edge of cuffs; smoked pearl buttons— some-
B thing quite novel. The material is a chambray, well made and lib-
¦ erally cut— sizes 14 to i6J4; made by. one of the best shirt manufac-
H turers in the United States; it is a high-grade shirt in every particu-
0 lar — we guarantee fit and workmanship.
ra The shirts come also in solid colors of ox-blood, slate and light
a blue, but without piping; price | . ry
1 . Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
I 718 Market Street. ffr! |
ADVERTISEMENTS.Libel for Insurance.
Dowdell & Co., Limited, filed a libel
yesterday in 'the United States District
Court against the Munich Assurance Com
pany,-. Limited, . and ' Alliance Assurance
Company, Limited, doing business as The
Associated Insurance .• Companies/ The
plaintiff seeks to recover $1688 insurance
on cargo of the steamer Tacoma, which
stranded in Bering Sea in June, 1900.
I The teams of the Hooper Lumber.Com
pany, take/ charge Of. the. salvaged cargo
as soon as it. is brought ashore and haul
it from the beach to. the yards of the cor
poration.
Four men were engaged yesterday on the
wreck, while six men were employed at
the shore end of the apparatus. The men
on the vessel would attach rbpes. to a
number of planks and timbers, the signal
would be given and the engine would haul
tbe lumber from the deck of the ship into
the air, drop it In the water and quickly
pull it ashore.
J. Reach, the diver, who Is in charge of
the work of salvage, stated that about
1500 feet of lumber are hauled ashore by
the "traveler" every, hour. He expects to
finish the job of unloading the cargo in
the course of two .weeks. ' • '
men started operations. The first 'thing
done'was to erect a pair of. "shears" on
the beach. Then a strong wire rope was
lastened to a mast of the wrecked schoon
er and stretched taut over the top of the
••shears." . Ropes and tackle blocKs were
attached to the wire guy rope, forming
what Is known as a "traveler.'.' > A sta
tionary steam engine was then put in po
sition in the rear of the "shears" and
used to haul tho "traveler" to and from
the wreck to the shore.
WASHINGTON, March 27.— The Navy
Department has cet forward the. date of
complethJii for the armored cruisers South
Dakota and California to' December 31.
1904. and for tbe protected cruiser Tacoma
to May 1, 1903.
Extends Time for Building, Cruisers.
WASHINGTON. • March 27.-Chairman
Babcock cf the Republican Congressional
Committee to-day ' Informed " President
Roosevelt that owing to ill-health he de
sired to relinquish the chairmanship of
the committee and that he would be glad
If. the President would suggest some one
to take his place. '
Chairman Babcock Will ¦ Resign.
leased From Duty, in the Phil-
ippine Islands.
WASHINGTON, -March 27.-Postofflce
established : Moab, '. Spokane
County, Martin* O'Brien, Postmaster.
Postofflce name, changed: California—
Kobinsons, Calaveras County, • to- Melones.
Postmasters commissioned: —
Percy F. Wood,. Melones; .Louis E.J.
Valdez, Hayes... Oregon— Henry Waker
lig. Bakeoven. . '. ¦ .- •
Army orders: Second Lieutenant Harry
W. McCauley of the artillery is relieved
from duty Sn the Philippines "and will
proceed to San » Francisco : to . await fur
ther orders. "*$BGMHS99SH
Second '. Lieutenant McCauley - is Re-
OF INTEREST, TO PEOPLE
J OF THE . PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, March 27.— A sub-com
mittee of the House Committee on Naval
Affairs, composed of Representatives
Dayton, Butler and Meyer, saw the Presi
dent to-day and discussed with him the
recommendation made in his annual mes
sage to 'Congress for an Increase in the
number of officers for the navy and
Marine Corps. The President impressed
i upon the committee the necessity for ad
ditional officers by reason of the rapidly
growing- navy and I a tentative plan has
been agreed upon ¦ by which the commit
tee will recommend an increase of 1200
men for the Marine ; Corps and the ap
pointment during the next four or five
years of 500 additional cadets, these ap
pointments to be made upon the recom
mendation of Senators and members. . ¦».
. The plan also i contemplates a few ap
pointments at large, to be made directly
by ; the President.
ommend an Increase of the
Number of Officers.
Committee of the House Will Rec-
CONFER WITH PRESIDENT
ON AFFAIRS OF THE NAVY
WASHINGTON, March 27.— The Post
offlce . Department to-day announced the
completion ~of important arrangements
for the extension of the money order busi
ness of the Government An agreement
has been reached with the kingdom of
Greece whereby money orders will be ex
changed between the two countries. In
addition the post agent . of the United
States at ¦ Shanghai, China, has been au
thorized to issue domestic money; orders
payable at any money order office in the
United States, Canada, Cuba and the
Philippines, and at any money order of
fice in the United States money orders
may be procured drawn on the postal
agency at Shanghai, China, which thus
is substantially made a money order of
fice of the United States. The postai
agency at Shanghai has been conducted
for many years, but heretofore it has not
been practicable to establish a money or
der service there.
pines to Exchange Postal Notes
With America.
Greece, Canada, Cuba and. the Philip-
GOVERNMENT EXTENDS
MONEY ORDES BUSINESS
BERLIN*. March 27. — The imperial yacht
Hohenzollern arrived at Brunsbuttel to-day.
She will proceed \to Kiel.
ALBANY, N. Y., March 27.— The Assem
bly to-day passed the bill appropriating
$100,000 for the erection of a monument to
the late President McKinley at Buffalo.
The bill passed the Senate yesterday and
it now goes to the Governor, who will
approve it, as he sent a message to tho
Legislature urging its passage.
Funds for McKinley Monument.
King Edward Off on a Cruise.
LONDON, March ; 27.— King Edward,
with scores of thousands of other Easter
holiday-makers, left London this aftet
noon. His. Majesty .will embark on the
royal yacht Victoria and Albert at Ports
mouth and spend a few days at Cowes.
Thence he will go on a week's cruise off
the coasts. There was an extraordinary
exodus' to the Continent. Several extra
passenger | steamers . had to be requisi
tioned to carry the holiday crowds. . . :
"Wall Paper Plant Is Burned.
CHICAGO, March 27.— For the second
time within sixty days fire attacked the
plant of the Potter Wall Paper Company
at 40S-4NMUinois street and entailed a loss
of $100,000. In the previous fire the stock
was damaged to the extent of $GO,000.
Manager'Stuart Waring said he believed
both fires '.were, of incendiary origin. v
CAIRO, Egypt. March 2".— It is said here
that nearly 1000 deaths from cholera have oc
curred at- Mecca since March -23. — ...
measure of this kind, and, .aithough, dlf
'ferences have existed over various bills,
that of Ad,aras was generally concurred
in after some amendments had been made.
As agreed upon to-day it provides for the
appointment by the President of a com
mittee of two Senators, three Representa
tives and one State Department- official
to assist In the reorganization of the Con
sular Service, which is to be effected with
in two years. The consular offices are
graded with fixed salaries, fees are abol
ished, a board of examiners 1b established
and provision Is made for an eligible list
from which appointees may be selected.
- The commercial organizations - of the
country | have been much interested- In a
WASHINGTON. March 27.— The House
Committee on Foreign Affairs to-day
voted to report the bill of Representative
Adams of Pennsylvania to reorganize the
United States Consular Service and place
it on active service foundation. . - -
Adams of Pennsylvania Re
ceives General Approval.
Measure Drafted by Representative
RECOMMENDS REORGANIZATION
OF THE CONSULAR SERVICE
M'ARTHUR, Ohio, March 27.— After be
ing out all night the jury to-day rendered
a verdict cf acquittal in the case of
Joseph Cox,- charged with the murder in
the first degree of Raymond Ratcllffe.
whom ha killed In a sensational manner
at a country church, January 26 last, be
cause Ratcllffe assaulted him for persist
ing In paying attention to Ratcllffe's sla
ter after repeated warnings. The parties
were both schoolteachers and Ratcllffe's
wife was a sister of Cox.
Shot in Self-Defense.
WASHINGTON. March 27.— The Repub
lican members of; the Senate . Committee
on the Philippines were In session to-day
considering the different . features of
Philippine government bill, among others
that pertaining to the currency to
be maintained in the '•¦ islands. The
eub-committee having in hand this
portion of legislation had not prepared its
report, but after the conference adjourned
members of the committee stated that
there was practical unanimity in' favor of
permitting the present silver standard In
the Philippines to remain undisturbed.
The sub-committee Is expected to soon re
port a substitute for the 'existing provis
ions of the bill, providing for a silver dol
lar to replace the Mexican dollar, to
weigh 416 grains and be 900 fine, the sup
ply to be limited to the needs of the
islands and the silver to be purchased by
the Government. To Senator Allison, as
chairman of the sub-committee, has been
entrusted the duty of preparing the sub
stitute.
the Silver Standard to Remain
Undisturbed.
Senate Committee Favors Permitting
PHILIPPINE GOVERNMENT
BELL IS CONSIDERED
I do r.ot recommend the present restoration
o* consulates formerly maintained 'at Baracoa,
Cardeneg, Matanzp.s, Nuevitas, s-'aeua l.t
Grande and San Juan de los Remedies. • The
commercial Interests at those ports heretofore
have not been large. The consular : fees col
lected there during the fiscal year 1807-98 ag
gregated $52,100. It is bslieveu that the actual
ne*ds of the six officers named can be effi
ciently subserved by agents under the three
principal consular offices, unless events may
bhow the necessity of erecting a full consulate
at any point. The commercial' and political
conditions In the island of Cuba-, while under
the Scanish crown afford little basis for esti
mating: the local development of lntercourss
xi-lth this country under the influence of the
new relations which have been created by th?
achievement of Cuban independence and which
are to be broadened and strengthened in every
proper way by conventional pacts with the Cu
bans and by wiss and beneficent legislation
aiming to stimulate the commerce between the
two countries, if the great task • we accepted
in 1S»8 is to be fittingly accomplished.
THEODORE UOOSEVELT.
White House. Washington. March 27, 1902.
Representative Babcock of the Ways
and Means Committee called at the White
House - to-day in response to a request
from the President. It was discovered
that the committee stands 8 to 8 as be
tween the Payne and Tawney Cuban reci
procity proposition and that Babcock,
who has been absent on account of Illness,
held the deciding vote. . . . . • •
After the 'Interview it was stated ' that
Babcock had been won over by the Presi
dent and that he would vote for the
Payne proposition. uBEPM
the legation. $2000 : (c) second secretary of the
legation, $1500; (d) consul general at Havana.
<FJOO(J; '<e) consuls at Clentuegos, $3000, and
Santiago de Cuba. $3000. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .
Herr Tietgens also said that a change
In the by-laws .was contemplated for the
purpose . of preventing the encroachment
of foreign influence on the company. Herr
Solmitz, a banker of -Berlin, warned the
stockholders against this change in the
by-laws, and ; said that only three steam
ers of the company were idle. He said
that It had been announced that these
would soon be added • to the Baltimore
service. ¦ '¦-. . ~ ; ' ' ; ' :
BERLIN, \ March 27.— At the annual
stockholders' 'meeting of tho Hamburg-
American" Steam*Packet Company, held
to-day, Gugtav. Tletgens, president of the
line, was- asked, for particulars of the re
cent steamghlp agreement. Herr 'net
gens said these particulars would.be given
at an extraordinary meeting of the stock
holders to be called later. He could only
say that -the objects of " the agreement
were to create' community of interests, to
demarcate the fields of operations and to
secure uniform traffic measures.
Steam Packet Company Still
Remains Reticent.
STEAMSHIP ' AGREEMENT
NOT /YET MADE PUBLIC
President of tho Hamburg-American
The correspondent savs the officer de
clared that to his f certain knowledge a
fully detailed plan for the civil and mil
itary administration of Manchuria has al
ready been elaborated and will receive the
Czar's signature in due course.
Cabling from Shanghai ;the correspond
ent of the> Standard says that Dr. \V. A.
P. Martin,- former president of the Im
perial University at Peking, having left
China after-hls dismissal from the Peking
University. Chang Chi Tung will send a
telegram, tprmorrow . to Dr. Martin at
Vancouver " requesting him to return a3
president of -the university at Wuchang
and foreign adviser to uil the Chinese
high officials , In the prlvinces of Chupeh
and Hunan. ' •;,.: -• ..-.;* ¦•'¦•
cer who has returned from Amur,
Siberia. The officer is quoted as saylns
that • the . Anglo-Japanese alliance has
sealed" the political destiny of Manchuria,
which,, says ; the officer, will never pass
out of Russia's possession.
The brigandage rampant there will be
used as ;a justification for the retent : on
of a powerful Russian army. After the
brigands have- been suppressed the Rus
sians will.' remain In Manchuria to protect
their railway and secure peace In North
ern China. - , '
Tf ONDON. March 28.— In a dispatch
I .from Moscow the correspondent
I ;.' of j the Dally Graphic gives an ln-
UL«-^ tervlew with a Russian staff offi-
Governor Cummins bases his veto
wholly on the unconstitutionally of the
measure in that It discriminates in favor
o* railway corporations as against other
corporations and also grants a privilege
to lines operating partly outside the State
that Js denied those wholly within tho
State. He says the measure Is plainly
intended to benefit the Burlington sjs
tem. ¦
DES MOINES, Iowa, March 27.-Gov
ernor Cummins this morning announced
his veto of the Mol3 berry . bill, better
known as the "merger measure." 'The bill
removes the limit of Indebtedness per mile
that may be contracted by railways run
ning through Iowa. It had been per
sistently claimed by those opposing the
bill that it was Introduced and pushed
through by the Burlington Railway's lob
byists for the purpose of enabling that
corporation to take over the Northern Se
curities Company's stock in case the lat
ter loses Its case in the Federal Court.
Discriminates in Favor of
Railway Corporations.
Says Bill Is Unconstitutional as It
IOWA MERGER MEASURE
IS VETOED BY GOVERNOR
• SHANGHAI. March, 27.— The Ch'.nesT
Government ha3 Instructed the Viceroy of
Canton to suspend negotiations with the
French syndicate for the Canton-Fatshan
Railroad, as this project Is calculated to
affect the rights of the American syndi
cate under the Washington contract of
1*58.
BERLIN. March 2?.— The Associated
Press has high authority tor saying that
the Government of the United States has
been soundlnf? Germany as to how far
the letter country would/ go. toward main
taining the "open door" In 'China.
This Inquiry, which was initiated prior
to the trip of Prince Henry to the United
States, wa3 not made wiih the object of
eliciting well phrased writings on the sub
ject, ncr gercral assurances, nor even so
called guarantees, as ihi administration
at Washington, according to Information
here, thinks there ha3 been quite enough
of such diplomatic Interchange. But the
purpose of this Inquiry vvas to learn, for
the guidance cf Washington, whether
Germany, in any. event, would lake a
resolute stand for equal trade opportuni
ties. This Inquiry - resulted In obtaining
from the head of the German empire the
Impression that Germany, while willing
to take an Identical attitude with th*»
other powers for the "open door," would
not In a final Instance oppose something
that Russia really dssired. This 13 the
first principle of Germany's exterior pcl-
Icy, and It applies fully to the East
Asian cuestlon. •
WASHINGTON. March 27.— The
President to-day sent. to Con
gress the following message
r<»c;mmcndins: provision for
diplomatic and consular repre
sentation in Cuba:
To the Congress cf the United States: I
commend to the OnirM timely consideration
cf measures for maintaining diplomatic and
consular reareser.tatlvps In Cuba and for car
rying cut tht provisions of the act maklns
appropriation fcr the support of the army for
the fiscal year ending June 30. 1902. approved
March 2. 1901. <The President here quotes the
act which provided that the President ehouid
leave the government and control of the island
of Cuba to Its pecrte «o soon as a Government
shall have been established in said island un
der a constitution.)
The pec-le ot Cuba having- framed a consti
tution en-bracing thi foregoing requirement*
and havi.-.r elected a President, who is soon
to take office, the time is near for the fulfill
ment of the pledge of the United States to
leave the pevernment and control of the Island
of Cubs to its people. I am advised by the
Secretary of War that it is now expected that
the installation of the Government of Cuba and
the termination of the military occupation of
that island by the Vnited States will take place
on the 20th of May next-
It is necessary and appropriate that the es
tablishment of international relations with the
Government of Cuba should coincide with its
inauguration as well as to provide a channel
for the conduct of diplomatic relations with
the new state, so as to open the path for the
immediate negotiation of conventional- agree
ments to carry out the provisions of the act
above quoted. It Is also advisable that con
pular representation bo established without de
lay at the principal Cuban ports. *n order that
commerce with the island may be conducted
with «ue regard to the formalities prescribed
by the revenue and navigation statutes of the
Vnited States, and that American citizens In
Cuba may have the customary local resorts
open to them for their business needs, and. the
case arising, for the protection of their rights.
I therefore recommend that provision w
forthwith made and the salaries appropriated,
to be immediately available' for: (a) Envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to
the republic of Cuba, ?10.000; <b) secretary of
Crowds Gather at Ocean Beach and Watch Operations of Pacific Coast
Wrecking ACompany^^ of
Vessel's Contents, WiN Dollars
Returning Staff Officer Says Russia Will Hold Pos
session, Usin^ Rampant Brigandage as a Pre
text for Retaining a Most Powerful Army There
Congress Provide Funds for Sending a Minis
ter Plenipotentiary and Consuls to the Island
President Sends a Message Recommending That
SAVES CARGO OF STRANDED SCHOONER
BY THE USE OF ROPES AND TACKLE
PREPARING TO ESTABLISH NEW
DIPLOMATIC SERVICE IN CUBA
ANGLO-JAPANESE TREATY SEALS
MANCHURIA'S POLITICAL DESTINY
TH!E SAN FR^^
¦ ¦¦ ¦ • o . ¦ ' ' •• ?¦"'¦" . -r- r^- . .-¦•. ..•-... .'- ':¦;•¦:'—¦'¦'.'¦-,:.. '-
SCENE, ON THE OCEAN BEACH, TWO. MILES BELOW THE CLIFF HOUSE, WHERE WRECKERS ARE EN
GAGED IN SAVING THE CARGO OF THE STRANDED SCHOONER REPORTER , BY MEANS OF AN AP
PARATUS KNOWN AS A "TRAVELER." ':'.'.'¦.'..
A VERY interesting sight was-wit
nessed [ at the ocean beach yes
terday by a large number of per
sons in the novel mean3 used to
I unload the lumber of the wrecked
scHooner Reporter, that went ashore two
weeks ago. . . ¦¦:_v;.
The ill wind that piled the schooner on
the beach proved a fortunate one for the
C. A. Hooper Lumber Company, as the
corporation will net about $4000 from the
salvage of the lumber of the wrecked
vessel. • . . - ¦ -
Four hundred thousand feet of lumber,
that comprised the cargo of the schooner
and estimated to be worth $6000, was sold
to the Hooper company for $400, while the
Pacific Coast Wrecking Company pur
chased the hull of the vessel for $275.
It was not thought at the time of the
sale that it was possible to bring ashore
any of the lumber on beard the schooner,
but J: Roach of the Pacific Coast Wreck
ing Company was full of resources. He
signed a contract with the Hodper Lum
ber Company toaccepta certain sum fin*
each thousand feet of lumber ho saved/
A few days ago -Roach with a' force .of
' Diver Roach expects to clear a little
profit from his Investment of purchasing
the wreck of the schooner. As soon as
the cargo Is .landed the schooner will be
stripped of her fittings and everything of
any value. Roach says that he will make
no attempt to break up the hull, as it
would not pay to do so. Since the schoon
er went \ashore the surf has carried her
further inshore at the rate of five feet a
day. and at low tide it is possible to walk
to the stern of the vessel.
The bones of the lumber schooner Y/.
H. Bee-Bee, that went ashore acme ten
years ago, He close to the spot where the
Reporter is beached, and the remains of
the latest victim of the ocean will be left
to keep vigil for many years to come with
those of her equally unfortunate sister
vessel. ¦ ;- •>¦".;
3
JU^ FAVQSiBTE"
I H fgrweakwomen;'
PDTTQUI7C F0R BAUBEKS, BAK-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, casner*,
' «iyer«. fiourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangerr, crinters. y r-alntere. «ho«" faciorie».
' tiableroen. -tar-roof ern. tanners, tailcrs, etc. -
Crush Mcnufactursri, 033 Sacramsato St
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS.
AH CLO AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MBS. WINSLOW'j SOOTHING SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTT TEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for theirCHILDREX
WHILE TEETHING, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT KOOTHHS the CHILD. -SOFTENS
the GUMS, ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
<X)LIC. and is the best remedy for - DIAK-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists In every part of
the world. Be pure and ask for
MSS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING -STEUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cent* a Bottle
OF ANATOHY
\ ' JCr The Larrest Anatamical Museum in tbe
W JgCfT;' r'"*'* 1 Weak»e»se* or any contracted
L £v4*a£3 ?"**' - r»«««*»«->r «r«Hlby the oldest
• IBal S>peo*IistoatheCo«. E»L 34 years.
4 Ufj&b DR « "JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ f €JfW» Cor.rc'.u:;oa free snd strictly printe.
W M &UH Treatment pertonlly or br letter. A
\ 1 W Tlfi •""<**• Ow« in erery cue onderukea. I
B t if II*? w "« fof Book. PBILO*OPBT*r
A <i it valuable book for mm)
" OB. JOBDAX A CO.. 10S1 Market 3 1. . 9. F.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
.Tames Jeffries, the present champion heavy-
weight cf <h» world, svnd his gallant opponent,
Tcm Pharkey. Jn the greatest pugilistic en-
counter that has ever taken place, both pur-
eued much the came courss of trainiiur. and
tbe firtt and most important part of this train- "
ing was to set the stomach In condition and to
I keep the iiice«tion absolutely perfect, so that
ever}* rr.uscle and nerve would be at its, high-
est capabilities. . -*VVi; .'
This was not done by a secret patent medi-
cine, but bot'i of these creat pugilists used a
well-known natural digestive- tablet sold by
dnijrGiftB under name of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets and composed of the digestive fer-
laents which every etomacli requires for
healthy direstion.
Champion Jeffries says: "Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets prevent acidity, strengthen the stomach
and insure perfect digestion. They keep a man
in fine t>bysics.l condition." Bisned, James J.
Jeffries, champion of the world.
The rallant lighter, fc'harkey, says: "Stuart' 8
D} tpeptia Tablets remove all discomfort after
eating. They rest the stomach and restore it
to a healthful condition. I heartily recommend
them." Signed. Thos. J. Eharkey.
The advantage of the daily use of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets Is that they keep people
well and ¦ward off sickness and are equally
valuable to well persons as to the dyspeptics.
Another advantace is that these tablets con-
tain no cathartics or poisons of any character,
but elmply directive ferments which are found
» In every healthy stomach, and when digestion
Is Imperfect It is because the stomach lacks
eom« of these elements and Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets supply It.
They ar» no cheap cathartic, but & perfectly
eafe end efficient digestive and the demand for
them Is greater than the sale of all other so-
called <3ysD«)Ela cures combined. No remedy
could possibly reach euch a place in public es-
teem except as a. result of positive merit.
Full sized packages are sold by all druggists
ct 50 cents, and the best habit you can possibly
lim form is to take a Stuart Tablet after each
Tr»al. They make weak stomachs strong and
keep ctrong etomachs vigorous.
No form of athletic exercise demands such
Perfect physical condition as prise | fighting.
Every muscle In the body must be fully devel-
oped and sticple, and the heart, lunss and
etomacfc must act to perfection.
¦Whether we Indorse prizefithtins or not. it
is nevertheless interesting to know the manner
by xvhlch men arrive at euch physical' perfec-
tion. . .
Of Physical Manhood.
TWO FINE SPECIMENS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bit 6 k fi>f KtZip Sgl K?a C5 Jj A_@
. When 1 ' a customer clothes the price is - : Mothers: read \v-hat we saynnthie opposite column of [
;;: 1 v "" especially in his mind; but after the purchase, when the: this announcement, and i 'remember that our boys' clothing j
goods are'm his possession, quality is his particular con- | s sold on the same^rinciplevas^our men's. It's the satis-
i presenceofrthe, goods covers a period; of ;many/months; We mention two ya'ues—a' three-piece and a Norfolk j
\ thVcustomer is reminded of their qualities* whether bad suit— which we recomrn'ejnd^Highly as typical bargains
' [ -'or-good, all this time/ Clothes must be satisfactory' if a. ; from our large and yariedlstock. .' " j
, .. " v "> store: intends to grow and retain customers. : ' . Thre6=jr>iece Suits
: ; :¦'. ¦'.-•¦'¦¦ ''•'¦'.'''¦ .¦'.\'.- : \'y:-'j'- :: '' i;. ' .- : . . ' • Made of ai:-\vool tweed mixturei.in stripes and plaids; comprise coat,
' j: : O ur $9; Suits, are vivid examples Of 6ur belief in the ytst and knee pants; coatsingle or double breasted; strong, serviceable ;
; ; 'above-mehtioned: princi R le. :;. The price - interests .people ; sl°p^«^t o b^^^c^^^'c^ ; we g uaranteetheworkman - |
: and'the goods please. "them. .Besides, every is sold \ ; . v L ; : j; Kv&^?T'5"^' ¦
with; the privilege-qf moneys-back, exchange, or a alteration;' Suits v
'• ''¦":•/'.'. . • cnitc^lrpnfin rpniir frpp fnr a W/ppr : ; :¦ :Made of : all-wool tweeds in the latest 1902 designs of plaids and !
; SUKS Kepi ; in ? re^ir Tree TOra^ear. r: . , ; - : - ; checks;' yoked and plaited Ifront^andlback; ages 4 to 14; price
¦;-- . .:"; Singleahddoubleibreastedin swell';Spring. patterns. - ; . ; m:> $4.50 ;
* Men's Trousers qut-of-tbm ordersMed-wnteus. Spring Novelties! j
' -'Men's striped;. worsiec!-tr^ Spring styles' in hats, caps, furnishina j
eraldifferent^paue^n5;je^u^r^2.5ova!ue r^^ # l^ #v^^ |i ii i Al'B & 1 1 ;gc.0.1s f< wa>h suits and blouse Waists are
i ' '¦'-¦••¦ '¦'¦•tS'1-"CJR|- '•'.¦' ". . > :'. 1 : fl I'"'-.-. :..-.., :¦¦¦•'¦'¦'¦¦£*. .¦¦•....-... rBali^andbat free, withe very bov's suit
,,-.- .. .¦; j v %pBe^v^. . yi g /V\arket Street , .bkovVrcoat.' -. _ — — — _ # -
THE GiLL.'S R AOINa FORM CHART
AGED -VICTIM AND 'WOMAN
WHO FRIGHTENED AWAY
THE THUGS. ¦ ::
& \>i, V.'j 1 ' s.'f '* • 4*"—' ¦ ;¦• • ....
i* 'itxmgsbVu -.Cohlqivis mourning tho loss
of his. valet and incidentally a few dol-
'Iar3 on the Bide. That enterprising young
waifr drew u. check from, the ¦ office..'. on
Vl'fcdhesdaV," and/ collecting all> the out-
standing mounts he could call. in, left
on the midnight rattler for a more even
,cllmate.^ ¦'•-...-,,_ t .„ . • "
Charles F." Price,'manager'and eecre-
.... .. ¦...,..., .IT", ,, .>,.. ... ~ r~~- :
'tar>'-. of -the-'New California Jockey Club'
.has. accepted • the position; of presiding
judge at Latonla, at which point' racine
will begin Inthe latter part of May. Now
that Captain James H. .Rees t has an
nounced. his permanent retirement from
T; * turf, it would not be surprising to see
i-^-r.-PrlcetfilK the-void left-by .that em
inent offlcial's withdrawal. • -. .-.-¦-.¦• •. -¦¦¦
First race-^-Free Lance, Captivate, .Wind
ward. ."*' . -. . ¦ • :
Second race— Honiton,. The Forum, Horatlus.
: . ' Third rape — Lass of Lanfdon, '.Blackthorn^'
'Axminster. ...,-.•',...' '. .*. '[¦_ ¦
. . Fourth * race — Horton, Com. > Forster, Artllla.
:.. Fifth race— Headwater, ' • Sea Queen, Beau
Ormonde. 1^ ;¦.¦" • .....¦-
Sixth race— John McGurk, Decoy, El Mldo. '
Selections' for To-Day.
DENVER, 'March; 27.- Johnnie' Blue. • a
horse trainer, known all -over /the; United
States.', died suddenly, at ' 4 :45 o'clock this
afterncon'at- Overland'Park 'of heart fail
,ure. 'He was trainer for Edwin Gaylord
and had just come. In .from, exercising hia
horses on the track 5 when , stricken. Blue
was trainer for, Thomas Keating for many
years. -He trained Searchlight. Conev and
others of Keating's 'string. "WTien-iKeat
lng: died Blue came '. to . Denver'' to ' train
Gaylord's horses.*'. He'was 48 years of; age,
a native of Monmouth.-Ill.'r He -leaves a
sister, Mrs. Ada Hearst,-' of Idaho • Falls,.
Idaho.' ' -¦.'¦¦ ' '¦¦••, ; :¦¦•¦.- ":"¦'. ¦"¦'-.' ••
Trainer Blue - Dies Suddenly:
Charles Boots' colt The Giver received
a substantial boost after winning the mlie
selling event. Entered to -be sold for
$1000, Bookmaker '.King, who on the pre
vious day "tiljeaU Colonial ; Girl,- raised
the price to 120004 -V;$5,i>ld ; retained th«
ihrce-> ear-old.? '£ -y '¦-, «• Z .
Starter Uick Dwyer departs Tor Kansas
City on Saturday morning to 'participate
in the big live-bird shoot x,o<ha held jthcr<(>
l&ter ho will open • the Middle' Western
•eason with the red flag: at Roby. Under
the no-recall system his work here has
.been excellent, and his- -popularity -.bas
Increased Instead of dlzninisbed. .
Just at the start of the !ast race Mat-
Gyle crossed his legs and fell. Ranseh
luckily escaped injury. |
From the manner i.i which the book
makers plugged Sweet Tooth one would
bo Inclined to think they were all profes
sors at the art of painless dentistry.
Sharp Bird v.as quoteU at 15 to 1. for
the show.
Starter Cwycr,\vas going. to flns Trox
ler until the rider told him Antolec
propped as the barrier went up. But
lor this "Peach" Honig's mare would un
doubtedly have beaten Kudus.
Kdinborough received heavy backing to
win the opening sprint. "Jess" Hatthcws
did not get away with the brown horse
and would have needed a Rocky Moun
tain tnow plow' to have made -his .way
:hrough the bunch.
Track IJotes.
OAKLAND B-ACETRACK— Thursday, March 27.— Weather fine. Track "good. ,.
3503. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds ar,d up; to first. $325.
I -~~ - T .,.-..• ~~" iP, ~~\ ~~~ : Betting..
Index Horse. Age, Weight. |St.' s *4. ; %.'.'• Str." Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3479 Dorian, a 108 4 7 V4 5 Vi ... 1 »i G. B. Morris Jackson , 7 10
..3493 > Saul of Tarsus. 8.. 114 7.-; 1 1(5 1 &:-'...-. 2 1 - J.- O. Waltz Bozeman 10 . -9
S48C. Kins Dellis.. 5....108 3 5 V* 3h ... 3 y,' CLind ...Troxler 7-2.,.- 4.
:«7» Jerid; tf. ........ .110 2 2*4 2 14 ...\^*Vt F.O' Kane.... ...Foucon 10 13
3443 Malaeplna. 3 02 8 - 10 2 6 1 ... 5 i|- Mallowmot S. F..Wlnslt .5 8
(3467) Killdoe. 3........ 97 1 3 1 Vi 7 V,' ... C V4 ' B.Sehrelber..... Ransch .5 5
ZVM Kdlnborough, 5. ..Ill fl 0 h 8 V» ... 7 1 W. Ketcheman..Mathews 7 ..- 8
3430 Flamero, «.. 108 10 11 10 5 ... 8n D. Cameron Conley 10' 15
34S3 Vantlne, 5 109.5 4 14 4 n ... 9 2 XV. M. Rogers.. Goodyear ' 8 8
3300 Cuban Girl. 4 100 0 63 0 2 ...101 P. Corrigan :L. Daly " 15 60
Wtnnlbejour. 4. ..105 11 ' 8 »& 11 ...11 J. P., Lucas..Fauntleroy| 00 100
Time — Vi. :24; H, :40; '%. '1:15. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, G. B. Mor- .
;. rJs' b. h. by Sir Modred-Glendora. Jackson on winner saved all the ground.' possible and'
;». cutfiniehed Bozeman.- Malasplna cut off at start. 1 Kllldoc pocketed on stretch turn. Edin
". borough In a pocket almost from start." Vantlne Interfered with last sixteenth. Cuban
'Glrjlgaveltup. Scratched— Phyllis 03. i'^'z'.
3504. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs ; selling; two-year-olds; to first, $325.
. I f - j ~~ ~~~ ~ r T~ ~ "~. ~ .-' I ' Betting. •
Index jITcrse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and . Jockry. I Op. Cl.
3487 Gulda 101 3. ... 12 1 1% 1 n, A.'B. Spreckels. .Ransch <• 3 7-2
?.4C0 Oro Viva. ..:... ..108 4 ... 3 2 2 1'4 2 3 Summers & Co. .Troxler 4-5 3-5
3487 Donaml ...... ....104 5 ... 2 1*4 3 h 3 5 Montana Stable.. L.Daly 8 15
34S7 Delsegno 104 1 ... 4 H 4 3 4 3 Chlrin &. Forsyth..Faunt 0 10
3400 Trim 101 2 ... 5 1^55 51 El Prlmero Stable... rfee 20 80
.... Ella E 101 0 ... 6 6 0 ' ' S. McNaughton. . Jackson 8 25
Tlme^M. :24*i: \i. :49%. Fair. start. Won flrtt three driving. Winner, A. bT Spreckels*
b. 1 . by The Judge- Makawao. " Gulda outbroke her company, i; Oro Viva might have won
:¦ with one cut of the whip, f Delsegno cut oft eoon cfter Etart.by Oro Viva. , .
».%O5. THIRD RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; celling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
.Index] Horse, Age, Weight. St. . %! %. Str. Kin.- I Owner and Jockey. Op? *ci.
(S4DC) Marshal Nell, 4.. 107 3 . : 2.6 2 5 14.13 R. A. Smith. .... Jackson 7-3 1
3465 Frank Woods. C..104 8 Rn 4% 415 24 Garden City Stable.. See :• .10-5
34!x; Morengo. « 104 5 4 \V t 5 4 5 <4 !! n E. M. O'Brien. .Matthews 15 30
3424 Courtier. 4 lOfi 2 3 1^83 Sl'4'4 h J. M.- Crane.... .Troxler 15 20
34fiT» Morlnel. a .,102| 7 8 Vs 8 Vj 7 1 5 >,J M. Storn ..L.Daly ¦ « (i
3475 Mlstleton, . a 104|10 JO 4 0 1 Oh «J 5 Elmwood Farm..Wlnslet 15 :tO
3480 R. de Cuba, (5... .108! 4 15 15 2n 7 V 3 Baldwin & Co; .Bozeman 7 ' 12 V
3455 Whalebaok. C.'.lbr.l J) 7 2 7 1>4 ft 1 8 4 O.F. Johnson.. Burllngm GO fiO
.1475 Jim McCleevy, C. 1071 I 5 % C.I ;8 hi 9 U t 3. CofTey Fauntleroy '8 20
."M04- Malatpe, -.»,... j. ...1OSI11 0 3 10 C 10 2 10 2 Musto & Rulz...McCarty . . 15 so
301$ Com. Attorney; 5..107IC 11 11 11 11 |P. Corrigan GIsborn 10 16*
Time— .U,'-:28?i';' Vi, I W %> 1:14%; mlle.l :l\%\ 1 l-16m. 1:43%. Good start. . Won "' '
ea>lly. -.fie^ond apd>th|rd- driving. Winner, R, A. Smith's ch. h. by Tammany-Ayrshire
Rofep. •. Winner :best.. More^ngo will beat some cheap ones soon. Morlnel with a better start •
,.»t>Bld"havJi>"been hard, to beat. ,Cuba quit.. Attorney away very badly; Scratched— Baldo 02. '
•3.%OC.~ FOUTtTIfi RACB^One selling; three- j-ear-olds' and up; tb.-flrst, ?.123. .,' .
Index j Horse. Age. Weight. }St..f. '\j. : ¦ %. Strl • FJn. ' | Owner and. Jockey.; Op! '
3J[<S The Giver,. 3..T. osj •<;.,*. 3 n • 3 n 3 2 In Elmwood Farm.. Jackson ' 1 - 7-5 "
3«I Rio. Shannon. 6. .103 2 : 2 14. 2 1 2n 2*2% J. Coffey ........ Troxlerh 6 4
S4SC Impromptu, 4\ :..i«0 5 .4 W2 4 3 4 3 '3 3 . Montana . SUble.Fauntly 10 '.O
.(«*»4)|jim Hale. 4 105 1 11 .11^11^4=4 W.. L. Stanfield,:. Stuart ;{ 4
ii-UH Redwald, 5 105| 3, 5 .5 5 5 • Jennings &• Co.. I.; Daly 0 10 •>
/^403)|Bernota. 4 90j » ¦ ... : ... ' 71 . ••_•__ Burns &^Watrhs. Ransch __8 tlS']^
• Time — «4. :25%; %, :00«4;.%; l:15=i; mile, 1:41. Bad start.' *W,oii first: three driving
¦^Winner, C. T. Boots' br. c. by Tiger-Miss Gift. The , Giver kept busy all through the
stretch. Impromptu showed Improvement., Jim -Hale quit. . Redwald away poorly Scratch
ed — Horton 104. *Left. ; , . . . ' :
.3307. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs'; -San, Rafael handicap;. 3-year-olds and up;. to first -5400 '
• index|Horse. Age. Weight. St. • */.. ' ft. Str. Fin. Owner and ' Jockey. 1 .., . | Op!"'a- s ; :
•'."M95 Sifter Jeanie, 3.*. 03 4 4 n'.|5 1% I n .1 4 Jennings & Co.Winstotte k ~Z -¦>
34C4 Joe Frey, 4 116 2 2 'i -.2 h 3 h 2 n . J. ,F. Schorr.'. . ..Ransch : ' 1 11 V
ZHH Sharp Bird. 5.. ..106 3 1 «%• 11^*2 "h .'5 1 . A. 1 H. VI Veil. .. .Troxler ' r» so '
(34f). r .) Hagtrdon. 5 ....112 1 3n 4 2 4i£ 4 1',4 D. Cameron .....C6nley •>
Varro. 4 87 .7 7 V> 7 h « 1 5 n G. W. Miller. ..;;ivnapn 10 Vn -
3485 j Sweet Tooth. 4..ilO2 « 8 :8 T2 0 4 L.' V. Bell. .:.. .Jackson "3 -I
3472 John Hoggs. 5 Wi 8 5 1% 3 n X, 14 7. n J. S. Gibson.: Butler 10
. 32S0 lOyron Koso. -4... 100 5 On 6n 3' 8 Roy _V\'iIson.j . . .Frawley 10 20
Time— Vt. :23«J; '/.. ;43; 'A. 1 :13i«. Good efart. Won ' easily. Second andTtUi^d driving
Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. i. by Midlothian-Fanhle Louise, .¦ Winner saved a world
of ground by short turn Into the stretch. Joe Frey and Hagerdon were carried out bv
. Sharp Bird.' Sweet Tooth away badly. John Boggs cut off in stretch by Haserdon ¦
Scratched— Kenllworth 122. ¦,_^-,_:_^._ _ ¦. ""*v™i"',
3^08. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; thrce-year-olda and up; to first, $."525. I
Index) Horse. Age. Weight.' St. %. ? %. Str. Fin. Owner and 'jockey,. ,: O^? tlll <fi.
C4S0 Rubus. 3 !>0l 4 1 '.%V4 Vt" 11% 1 3 ' Chlnn & Forsythc.: JcJjsn 5.2 11 -;
:{484 Diomc-d. 5 ......HOS 1 3 n 4 l»/j 5 3 2 h Brown &' Co... Matthews 10 <£ ¦
CJtSB) AntoUc. 4 ; — .-lit <! 6 5 l'i 3 h -3 r.s Di A.rHonlg. . . . .Troxlerl 4 : lVn
I.S4S4 Huachuca,-3 ....09 2 41 3n 2n 4 5 G. W. < Baldwin.. L.Daly 5 '7
(2i70)|Ada N, 4... 105]'. 'I 5 5 <: C. ,0. .-On Antrim' Stable. ....Stuart fl . in "<
3145 iSir Hampton, 5..11.1I 5 2 51 "2 1 4 l<, 0 ' George Miller. .. .Foucon 3 9 9
3501 JMacOyle. 5 10S| *' •• . '.-. •¦• ••• Klmwood Farm. ; Ransch C ¦'" i .
I Time— >/». :24 ! 5i; «.J, :40U ; 'U. 1 :2S. Toor . stnrt. \ AVon "easily. . Second and third •
¦driving. Winner. Chlnn fc Forsythe's b. f. by Bramble -Merlden. .Antolee propped at start
and wns almost left. She would have given the winner n hard rub. . Huachuca- cut off at
head of. (stretch. Sir Hamptcn quit. • Scratched— Bassenzo »S, • Constable - 08, Quadra 04
L *Fell. .- ' -•"¦¦ "•' ; -':-' . ¦ •- ,'-•.. .;' .•• .; : " ,¦ ' '¦'.'¦:.' ';
Republican Club at Stanford.
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 27.—
The Stanford Republican ; Club was or
ganized this afternoon, and the following
officers were elected: President. Herbert
C. Jones, '02: secretary-treasurer, A M
Free. '01: delegates to State Convention
of Republican - Clubs— D. V. Cowden '02*
E. W. Rice, '02: H: C. Lucas. .'02: R*
Lockey. "02: P. W. Doan, '01: F. A. Leib'
'02; J. G: de Forest. '02: C. A.: Cantwelf
•01: B.P. Oakford. '02; W. , B. Barn
hisel; '03. . ; ..-..-* ¦ ¦ . -•
Sullivan Will Not Tight Britt
The proposed , boxing match between
Jimmle Britt and Dave Sullivan is off.
The officers of the Yosemite Athletic
Club received a wire from their New YorVar
representatlve yesterday. It -was brief
and to the point: "Sullivan impossible."
It was Understood Sullivan was in Den
ver, but It seems he did not set so far
west. The club officials are still in search
of an opponent for the hard-hitting Cal
ifornia boy. . •
Cholera Is Abating.
MANILA,' March 27.— It Is believed that
the cholera here has abated. The cases
recorded to-day are' of a milder form, and
Americans here have ceased to be alarmed
concerning the outbreak. The disease has
been entirely confined to. natives and Chi
namen. ' . . ¦ . , - J
"According to the statement of the medi
cal authorities issued to-day there have
'been since the beginning of the outbreak
sixty-seven cases of cholera and' forty
eight deaths from the disease.
PITTSBURG, March 27. — The stationary en
gineers of the American Steel Hoop Company
were .notified to-day of a voluntary advance of
10 pen cent in wages and a bonus on the ton
nage, to- go into effect at once. . ..>••¦
Providing . for Powderly.
WASHINGTON, March 27.-CommIs
sioner General of Immigration Powderly,
whose term of office expires soon, will bo
tendered some other position In the" Gov
ernment service. The statement was
made to-day from an authentic source
that the President has decided to pro
vide for him elsewhere. A number of
Powderly's friends have, talked with the
President In his behalf and pleaded ex
tenuating circumstances in many of the
matters of which he has been criticised.
Los Angeles "Withdraws Its Bid.
LOSANGELES, March 27.— The Cen
tury Athletic Club withdrew its forfeit
money to-day and declared negotiations
off for bringing Jeffries and Fitzsimmons
together in Los Angeles. No word has
been received from the Cornlshman since
the club agreed to accept his terms, and
the ' possibility of his fighting the cham
pion here is no longer considered. :
.: Fourth race, Capitol,' Hotel ': Stakes, $500
added, I four furlongs— Mallorj* won, ,- Breakstjur
second, ¦ Pearl Mendal third. .Time, ; 49 3-5
Fifth race,' seven furlongs — Henglst w«5n B
G. Fox second, Small' Jack third. .Time \l -27*
Sixth • race, v seven . -; furlongs, . selling — Plead
won. Ida Penzance second, Henry of Franata
mar third. Time, l:30i,i. ;.."
Third race, five furlongs, selling — Little Jack
Homer won, ZIrl second, ; Crescent - City' third.
Time," l:03ii. . . ,..• ¦ •• •> . '. ••.,.¦
Second race, seven , furlongs, selling— Brewer
Schorr won, Lizzie ¦ A . second, Birdie Stone
third. v.Time,»l:32. \ .. . J:; ¦¦¦
-LITTLE ROCK. Ark., March 27.— Summary •
-First race, -six furlongs, selling-^-Travera
won. Maxllle second, Florrle S< third." Time,
1:18. - ¦ ¦ '¦ . ' . . i >¦ • ¦ -* ;»,,..!
¦..Fourth race, seven furlongs — Brisk won. Fon
soluca second, Little Lois third; Time, 1 :l»» 3-5
--Fifth race, six and a half furlongs — Bastile
won,- King Barleycorn second. Ringleader third
Time, 1 :23 4-D. ;
Sixth ' race, rrille and : forty yards— Water
Alone. won. Inkling second. Woodchuclt third
Tlme,-:l:G0. •¦ ¦ •-" ;*¦¦::'¦¦¦¦ -Y- : .:-.-• .'.
Third race, six furlongs— Essence won, Mela
tersinger second, Carroll' D third. "Time
1:1C 4-0. ¦ • l-i .:¦:.': ;: : :-: :,¦ -
Second race, half a mile — Flamboyant' won.
Baron. Knight ' second, -Mystic'.- 15elle third
Time, :52. .*J»^SSBtffiKS»iS*ar "' '
First race, five and. a half furlongs-^Alpaca
won. Gold Fox " second,' Locket ¦ third. ' . Time,
1:00 3-5. . • . - .-. .
. Little. Rock Meeting. '
WASHINGTON'. March 27.— Bennlngs, sum
mary:- ¦ ¦ .-¦ . :'.¦¦<.:/: ¦:.¦¦'.'. .-.^ -. ¦
Mallory Captures the Stake Event at
eyes were closed from bruises, and. across
th^iback of the head there was a deep
wound,, under which the doctors believe
there Is a fracture of the skull.
Anthony Mclntyre, eldest son- of tha
burglars' victim, was notified at once of
his father's condition, and he immediately
visited the hospital. Realizing the seri
ousness of his father's condition, young
Mclntyre had him removed to St. Mary's
Hospital. ....
The police searched the neighborhood
thoroughly after the . assault in . the . hope
of getting some track of the burglars.-
Chief Wittman was , highly incensed
when he was notified of the assault on
the- old man and detailed- several police
men and two detectives on the case. Late
yesterday- afternoon Detective Rlordan
brought in' a suspect. He gave the name
of Sam Rayon,s. He was placed In
the tanks pending an investigation of . his
movements. . , . . -
Detective Rlordan took M/rs. Isele and
a young man who saw the burglars mak
ing their escape to the Hall of • Justice
last night to see If . they could Identify
the prisoner, as one of the men guilty of
! the assault. Both failed to Identify him.
Rayons will probably J be released this
morning. Up to an early hour this morn
ing the surgeons at St. Mary's Hospital
reported no change in Mclntyre's con
dition. • .
..A man who gave his name as Reynolds
was • arrested last night on susoieion of
being one of the burglars* who assaulted
Mclntyre. - ¦¦¦¦ - -.¦ ¦ .,- v
ON EASTERN-. RACETRACKS.
Amateur Boxers in the Ring.
The monthly boxing exhibition of ' the
San Francisco Athletic Club will be held
to-night in its gymnasium, 317 Sixth
street. There are eight bouts on the card
for decision. With' Aleck Greggains as ref
eree they should provide plenty of excite
ment ..-.'" - ¦ . .
BALTIMORE, March 27.-Joe Gans
knocked out Jack Bennett of McKeesport,
Pa., to-night In the fifth round. Bennett.
¦vtho had much the better of it in weight,
put up 'what looked' to be a good flght
while it lasted, although it could be.plain
ly seen that Gans outgeneraled him. The
end came in a mixup when the fifth round
was about half over. Gans saw his op
portunity and landed a right hook to the
jaw, which lifted Bennett off his feet and
sent him out.
Gans Knocks Out Bennett.
Geese for Golden Gate Park.
The geese presented •to': the Park Com
missioners by "Doc" Stuart .'of '\Nbrman,
Glenn County, will arrive here this even-
Ing at 6:55 o'clock. They will be removed
at once to Golden Gate Park. An ln
closure on the borders of Stow Lake will
be their- future home. As they embrace
all varieties they are expected, to prove
an attractive feature,- -
c__ -HE -riding honors, of. the- season ,
ll^kre now held, by Lee ' Jackson.
il Green Morris" jockey began pro
¦ il ceedings at 'Oakland 1 yesterday by
getting, home first .in the opening
race on the back of old Dorian at 15 to 1,
After a brief re'SDlte* the • Texas . rider
landed Marshal Xeil in front for the third j
number and in the race following, mount- j
ed on The Giver, . downed .Rio Shannon a
neck.- ¦'¦- ' .. ¦.¦"-¦-:"¦ ¦ -¦- -.* •'
He scored his fourth win on Rubus in the
closing race of the' day. This in a meas
ure atones for his dilatory ride on Water
cure the preceding' day.
Once again, | for a : pleasant change, the
track is fast. This fact, together with a
fetenlng card, drew a large • attendance.
Favorites, while In good fettle; cbuld only
make a stand-off with outsiders, "captur
ing three of the purses.
Green Morris' Dorian, thebattle-scarred
veteran, beat his field in the first event
at 15 to 1. He received superb handling
at the hands of Jackson, leading out Saul
of Tarsus nearly a length. King Dellis,
the favorite, ran third. ')' . . ;
Had Troxler, en Oro Viva, favorite for
the two-year-old dash, drawn his whip
he might have; won. As It was, Guida,
the second choice, beat her field away,
and excellently handled by 'Ransch,
downed the favorite by a head', r Dorian
took third place from Delsegna '
Bob Smith .. took another purse ' with
Marshal Neil. The chestnut horse's. odds
were forced down from '8 to 5 to even
money. He scored easily after Reina de
Cuba had "tin-canned" out in front and
shot her bolt. Frank Woods came on
teora back in the bunch, finishing in the
place, ahead of Morengo.
For the mile selling number. The Giver,
with ninety-eight , pounds up, closed a
[7 to 5 favorite: •¦Tti# VKlmwoocl jj Farm's
coif won7vbnt'«nly:/afte¥ a ;*harp tussle
wijh Rio Shannon. Troxleri'OH Jiie lat
ter/horse;. rode^^well.jflidsHl- 1^ 1 * 1^ losing
out: by a -neck only in a.<lri»ejiOlm Hale
quit, after leading -for .^hree-quarters of
tba'jouiiwy. • ' '"¦ ~. *»*¦ -,.' *'t:. 1<^ <¦'-
-TJie inslae would -hayej-nothlng but"
J®e Krey.Vith'his v IM». pounds, to win. the.
three-quarter bandWan." th«:.Bchorr entry
closing, a 13, to 5 lavoritc. There . wasra
taaious dela>- at the. post, wltlfBharp'Blrii*
ijnally off in the lead. The,-la£T'nanie$i
sprinter ran out in the stretch; caxr.yihg"3oe
l<ry and Hagerdon with hlnv :,;-Tb4S-. gave
\Vinslette, on the
Sister J<?anie, a chance to .share the-railj
and ;he light-T.-eighted f.l!y. registered .Iir»t
at the wire by four lengths. In a driving
finish the favorite took, the place 'from
Sharp Bird by a neck. The winner went
Into thfc v starter'« hand «' at odds of.S and
5 to L * - - - . '•-' -¦". • '•*,
Rubus, a mild favorite for the', conclud
ing fcevcn-'furlone race, won all , : the. way..
Diotned, a 25 to 1 s-'hot. SQt hopic second,"
a head before Antolee: i
RESULTS OF THURSDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
DENVER, March 27.-Owing to the de
cision of the Fire and Police Board not to
permit any fighting at the (^fiiiscum in
this city arrangements, are being made to
: have. : Kid; Broad and Jack McClelland.
'wha-were to Jiave~f ought' At.tb«-Coli»eum
' fo-morrpw- night, meet In. the arena.' of the
Denver 'Athletic Club next^Tuesd"ay night.
The. board ha3 . no objections to boxing
.contests under the auspices' of th© Denver
Athletic Club, but 'draws' thellne against
. "professionals fighting , under professional
conditions." • . . ¦¦'} :\
May Fight in . Denver.
TWO murderous burglars entered
the home of James' Mclntyre al
901 Bryant street about 9 o'clock
yesterday morning .and because
he. resisted, their intrusion they
Following are'the entries for this after-'<
noon's events: '.•.'.,
.
¦'
:
¦
, , Entries for To-Day. ,
.First race—One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward, .: . ; ¦¦ .'•
.8475 H. Thatcher..100 3480 Satan- .......101
o497>Forest King... tH> 3-J1W Captivate ...100
3340 The Elk.... 1. !)7 :$JS5 Newssatherer.101
34S1 Expedient V..101! S4U7 Bagdad .....101
. 3475."Windward::. .1(W 15414 B. Bohmanson 07
a4Sl Free Lance.. .104! :'.4SO Royal Prize. .101
Second race —Four furlongs; purse; maiden
two-year-olds.
3450 Pretolus .....105 .... Sablnal ...... 113
84S^ Katanga ...". 10." 3. #!35 Horatiua .... 113
3402 Gold Van ...113 :;257 W."f J.-Dickey.il:!
3474 Bscarola"... ;11O 34S2 The-Forum.. .113
3492 Honlton ': 110 3401 Fire Dance...110
31C9 P. Eugene....US .... J. T. S...... .113
¦ Third race —Five and a half furlongs; selling;
three-rear: ol(js. , • .-- .. -
3401 Jen. Hughes. 107] 3473 Axmlnster ...112
3401 Flitting .....107! (3473) Yrsula .......107
' 3272 Satchel ...:.. 107 :t4Ul Blackthorn ..112
3107 Sir T. Tlddlerll2 34.11 Myr. Dancer. 109
•3468 Cathello ....*. 107 3467 Geo. Clark... 100
: 34CS Li. ol L,ingaonl07 \ 3113 San Lution.. .109
Fourth race—One mile and an eighth; selling;
three-year-olds and.upward.
343* Diderot ...'.: 1031(3484)Artllla .'.....103
(3471)Horton - . .108 (34noiCom. Forster. OS
3465 Picador 10-1! .
.•" Fifth ' race —Six ;.furlongs; purse; four-year
olds'and; uoward." .", ¦. ¦ . ¦ •
" 3488 Duckoy ..%'.'. 112 3403 February i... 105
(8457)Beau'OrmondellO 3502 Headwater ..107
3404 Sea Queen. ...105 -. • >
Sixth race—One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and -upward.;, .. . . .; • ¦ • ... -
; 3408 Capt. * Galnes 1104 3408 Cougar ....... 105
3490 Matilda O.... 00 3490 El.Mido..... .lit.
3475 Billy Lyons.". 107 3475Invlctus ..... 07
3408 Tufts'..."..... «3 3479 San Venado.: 101
• 3491! Decoy V. V... .106 3481 Einstein;.... .101
3484 John McGurk.lO2i
The ambulance was. telephoned for and
the injured man was removed to-th«
Central Emergency Hospital. Dr. Weyer
dressed the old man's injuries and pro
nounced his condition very serious. Both
Victim's Condition Serious.
During the. struggle Mclntyre bit the
finger of. the man wno held his hand over
his mouth,' and in desperation the burglar
ran to the sink and securing ¦ a towel he
stuffed' it down the victim's throat. One
of the blows that Melntyre received
knocked out two of his teeth and another
fractured his skull. ¦ .
Mrs. John Isele, who lives over the Jlc-
Intyres, heard the old man's cries and
throwing open the window she
called for help and then rushed down
stairs to the assistance of Mclntyre.
Her cries probably frightened off the
burglars from carrying Into effect their
plans to steal the old man's money,
which he had hidden in the house. They
left Mclntyre. bleeding and insensible on
the floor and ran Into the back yard.
Scaling an outhouse and a' fence, they
succeeded in reaching Kate street. Mrs.
Isele saw the fiends jumping over the
back fence, and she took particular pains
to notice their general description. So
excited were the thugs that the man who
carried the revolver ran down the street
with the blood-covered weapon in his
hand. . .
When the brutal. burglars left the house
Mclntyre . regained consciousness and
struggled feebly- to : the front window,
which he opened and renewed . his cries
for assistance. Several passers-by aaw
the blood-covered face of Mclntyre at tho
window and rushed into the house.
Bites Burglar's Finger.
beat him unmercifully on the head with .
a revolver^
¦. -The victim Is nearly 70 years of age,
and the physlcian.3 say.lt is quite prob
able that he will die. from the effects of.
the beating he received at the hands of
the brutal thugs. ,.. } j<"*j
•¦¦' Mclntyre ; keeps' 'house for hlsathree
grown sons, who ga.to their w°rk* early
every morning." •' He-* was "'reading th.'i
morning paper in the; kitchen when the
burglars. entered. One of them pointed a
revolver • at him aud ordered him • to
throw up his hands. Mclntyre called out
for help and one of the men grabbed him
around the neck and attempted to-throt
tle his calls. The old man struggled hard
and the burglar who held the revolver,
struck him on the head. Mclntyre fell to
his knees, but he made a desperate effort
to regain his footing. Then one of the bur
glars tried to stop his cries by putting his
nand over Mclntyre' s mouth, while the
other brutally struck .him time after time
on the head: with the -revolver.
•' LvX JUNTA. Colo.; March 27:— The au
thorities * claim • to . J have * vtn.e names of
some 'ot the" feafters' in th'e lynching of
Wi H. Wallace, the negro railway porter,
and it is said prosecutiens will be begun
against them at the April, term of court.
The Coroner's jury found that Wallace
came to his death by "gunshot wounds
end strangulation at .'the hands of un
known persons." ...
May Prosecute Lynchers.
DENVER, March 27.— A special to the
Post from Florence, Colo., says that a dis
patch was received there to-day from Chi
cago, giving the news.^that the Rocky
Mountain Smelting Company had decided
to accept the offer of $1,500,000 for its
smelter at Florence, which was made by
the American Smelting and Refining Com
pany. . ;. . •. . • ; : ;:. .. o;.:, ? >.
Accepts Offer for its Smelter.'
SAN JO3E, March T-.— William Haley,
a wealthy farmer, living near Evergreen,
whjle driving into town to-night in a
cart,, struck. the railing of. the.Tully road
bridge ' over the Coyote River and was
thrown to the. bed of the stream, twenty
fee', below, suffering a fractured,Ieg and
probably internal injuries. His age '75
years, makes recovery doubtful. .:¦. . :':t-./.
Wealthy Fanner Severely Hurt.
Clarence Forbes Jnjurjed.
PEORIA. 111., -s • March •¦ 27.'— Clarence
Forbes was badly Injured- -here to-night
while-in the. ring- with Jack Ryan of
Cleveland, at the Riverside Athletic Club.
He had fought almost nine . rounds and
ua? preparing to put the finishing touches
to Ryan. He made;a vicious right swing
and Ryan ducked very low. .¦ In coming up
his head struck Forbes and the latter fell
to the floor in great pain. Referee Lynch
called it an accident, but awarded Forbes
the decision.
Gymnasium Instructor T. A. Storey and
Trainer E. "W. Moulton conferred with
Mrs. Stanford this morning in regard to
the plans. Every provision will be made
for perfect training quarters for the car
dinal athletes. Besides Indoor track and
baseball facilities, forty acres of land ad
jacent to the gymnasium will be devoted
to athletic grounds laid out on the most
modern lines.
¦ The interior of the gymnasium wiil" be
fitted with all the latest gymnastic ap
paratus ;• a large swimming,. tank. : shower
jbaths,^ bowling- alleys, billiard robins, and
si«?ciat trattiins : quarters: Llor-: tn«ftrtB-^
TSJS 8 ' ¦ vfith a kltoheri and training table.
.The.entire second floor is 4t> be devoted
to.Va , grand .ballroom; whiqh has'been a
long felt want at the university, j
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 27.—
At Mrs. Stanford's bidding plans are be
ing drawn by Resi. t Architect Hodges
for what is to be ihe largest and best
equipped gymnasium : in the world.
Ground will be broken before the close of
the present semester. The huge structure
will have a frontage of more than three
hundred feet: and will be located - north
east from the Memorial arch. ',
Buff sandstone will • be used exclusively
in its construction.
Equipped of Its Kind in the
, . . . World.
Will Be the Largest and the Best
gymnasixtm: is flanited
for stanford university
Casper is filling up with people who
came to witness the legal hanging of the
man, not knowing . that ..the {supreme
Court had granted a stay of execution,
and many of them express the hope that
there 'will be no delay.
CASPER, Wye, March Z7.— General in
dignation is felt on all sides on account
of the delay in the execution of Charles
Woodard. convicted of the murder of
Sheriff Ricker. The most conservative
people believe he will'not be lynched, but
ethers declare he will be taken from jail
Friday night;,aiKl -hanged on the gallows
.that had been prepared for his legal exe
cution.
Slay Not Escape the Hangrnan.
Waud end a companion visited Hoglund
Rt his room shortly before 6 o'clock and
at that time the man seemed perfectly
rational. After dinner Hoglund walked
out of his room armed with a pistol and
deliberately aimed it at Waud. The ball
entered the young man's mouth, lodging
in the jaw. After taking a shot at Waud's
companion, Hoglund • turned the revolver
on himself, the ball entering the right
temple, killing him.
Hoglund is said to have fired three shots
in all, the second being aimed at another
tnan..,.\Vaud wag. brought tO'this:clty to
night for medical treatment. It Is be
lieved he will recover*-' ¦ .. • .> ••*
So far as can be learned there was no
reason for the crime -of Hoglund.' ' It was
rumored about Westport that the section
boss would be discharged for drunken
ness, but no format . action had . been
taken. The man is said to have brooded
over ihe trouble and was doubtless men
tally unbalanced when he made the at
tempt at, murder. * '• • . '
; ASTORIA. oMarch • 27 —Temporarily in
. rane because he thought he would lose his
~ position with the Astoria, and Columbia
River Railroad Company, 'Edward "Hog
. lund, a ; section boss, employed at. the
-, little. town. of. Vestport. thirty miles east
<?f this' city." to-night shot and badly
•wounded Benjamin *%VaMd,vaged r 22 years,
and then killed himself.
- .Special Disriatch to The Can.
The New Zealander has never yet
acknowledged the receipt of the telegram
sent two days ago by the Century Club
accepting his terms. Good'-.care" will be
exercised to see that he gets the raised
bid of to-day. • **.*
"This !s a matter of business with me.
I want to make all out of this contest
that 1 possibly can. and I guess Fitsslm
mons feels the same way. I believe thnt
it would be right to give all a chance."
There is no doubt that the Century Club
will .'come back with a better proposal
than that from Charleston. The ofter is
expected to be In hand by noon, and then
Fitzsimmons will be notified by the club.
LOS .ANGELES. March 27.— The fact
that the Cornlshman has seen, fit to ac
cept an offer from a club which was not
represented in the bidding ' which was
supposed to close on March 15, and to ac
cept without even consulting .the cham
pion, has .proved . sufficient to, reopen the
whole question in Los Angeles.'
The upshot o'f it all is that to-day Tom
McCarey and Al Levy of the Century
Club will go oui among the business men
of- the city and will make provision to
raise the offer of the South Carolina Club.
They have no doubt of their ability to
do this. One of the things which they
will ask is that the business men of Lbs
Angeles will agree to close their place9 ct
business on the afternoon of the oonte3t
in order that all who may desire to see
the contest will be able to do so. Jim
Jeffries was considerably surprised at the
receipt of the dispatch. He said:
"Up to to-night the best cash offer that
was in sight was that of the Century
Club. From a percentage proposition, I
think that it is still the best offer, for. to
my mind, Los Angeles during the fiesta
week is a belter, gate money proposition
than i3 Charleston at any time.
"Two days ago' Fitzsimmons wanted to
wait until April 1 before deciding any
thing. The Charleston Club was not in
the hunt at all when the bids were origi
nally opened, and if this bid is to be con
sidered it would only appear fair to all
cencerned to give the San Francisco an«i
the Los Angeles clubs a chance to be
heard. I have not replied to 'the telegram
from Fitzsimmons yet. for, you see, he
wanted time. _I shall probably reply to
morrow.
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call. • (
A chestnut filly by Cupid out of Gracie
S,. the dam of -Dione, is a natural pacer.
She is. only four: years old. Although she
has had but little handling she also can
step off a' quarter in 35 seconds. The oth
ers of the consignment are of this same
quality throughout.
Palo Alto will send its yearlings, two
and three year olds. This will be one of
the four sales of the year which will mark
the withdrawal of the Palo Alto estab
lishment from a field where It has been
a leader for a quarter-century.
There 'is a full brother to Czarina.
2:13%.' He has stepped quarters In 33 sec
onds with little handling.
A seven-year-old black mare is pro
nounced one of the best bred in Califor
nia. She is by Dexter Prince out of Em
ma S. The latter is the dam of Psyche,
2:16^. and an own sister to Gracie S, 2:22.
She is the dam of Dione, 2:07^. The pre
diction is made that this mare will pace
a mile In 2:10 before the season's close.
On May 1 a special train will leave this
State with Cleveland, Ohio, as Its destina
tion with the most wonderful collection
of trotters and pacers ever cons.gned -o
an Eastern salcsring. Two carloads of
the- horses will be from Aptcs stock farm
and the remainder from Palo Alto stock
farm; They will go by way of Denver,
where they will be taken from the cars
and iesUd a'day.;- • " •-
-. The horses ".which A: B. Spreckels will
'send from the Aptos stock tarm are ex
pected to create a mild sensation at the
•*blue ribbon sale" when they are. put
through their paces under harness on the
Cleveland 'track. They are looking as
sleekas moles under the care of "Sandy
Smith, and are pronounced as good as
they are good looking.
Among them will be a full brother to
Venus H. 2:11^.
A chestnut mate, full sister to Crown
Point, 2:17^, by Dexter Prince out of a
mare by Antevolo, is considered the
greatest. green trotter that ever left Cali
fornia, as indicated by the small amount
of handling she has had. She is five years
old. ' ,
That He Is After the
Money.
Jeffries. Candidly Declares
Shoots a Young Friend and
Then Quickly Ends His
Own Life. ; -
Aptos Stcck Farm and Palo
Alto Will -Outdo Pre
vious Efforts.
Los Angeles Men Are
' : ;Busy. WitH' a' New • !
r£n Oregon Man Runs
W^np^^J^t^Pi^tci
Before Suicides
Best the. State Affords
for the Blue Ribbon
v: ¦ Sale.
High 'School Boy3 Will
Sprint and Jump at
Berkeley.
This Is the First Semi-Annual
Meet of New Associa
tion.
The first semi-annual athletic field day
of San Francisco High Schools will ba
held this afternoon on the University of
California cinder paths, Berkeley. The
schools represented will be Lick, Lowell,
Mission and Polytechnic, Lowell and Lick,
the great football rivals, each having
strong teams in- the field. The meet wUl
be in charge of the following officials:
Referee, "Walter Christie; starter. Anthony
Cadogan; timers. Reeves, Redewell and Koch;'
clerk of course, : F. Turpin; track Judse-s
Brown, Langley and CarnegHs; fleld Judse3.
Hinds,- Smith and Bishop; scorer. McKlnney;
inspectors, W. Middleton. S. Douglas and VfiU
cox; announcer, Kutner; measurers. Faf finder
and Tltt. CoimnJttee -in charge — Magerstadt.
C S M. A.;.H. Hazell, L. H. 3.; W. Poster.
p' H S.; Bowley, M. H. S. Managing com
mittee, George Middleton. L. H. 8.; Grover
A. Magnin. L.. H. S.; Victor H. Levy. L.
The complete list of entries follows;
50- yard dash: First heat — Adams, P. H. S.;
Button, C. S. M. A.: Middleton. I* H. S.: Jo
eephaon, L. H. S. Second heat— Mienert C, S. ,
M. A.; Vosbursh, L. H. S.; Hellwlg, P. H. 3.; 1
E Geary P. H. S. '
Two-mile run— Bowley, M. H. S.; Ward. C.
S M. A.: Foster, P. H. S.; Eggers, P. H. S.;
Gibson. I* H. S.; De Mantel LH. 8.
880-yard run — Laumeister, M. H. 3.; Gibson,
C. S. M. A.: McNicol, C. S. M. A.; Coggin.
P H S.; Skavlan. P. H. S. ; Taturn, I* H. S.;
Hazel, L. H. S.; Montgomery. L,. H. S.
100-yard dash: First heat— Mlenert, C. S.
M A.; Slegei, M. H. A.; Schwartz. L. H. S.;
Hellwlg. P. H. S.', Button, C. S. M. A. Second
heat — Beck, C. S. M. A. ; Cosgrove, M. H. S.;
Middleton. I* H. S.; Lally, P. H. S.; Sleben
hauer, L. H. S. ¦'-
100-yard hnrdle: First heat — W. Geary. P.
H. S.; Laumeister. M. H. S.; "Walker, C. S. M.
A. Second heat — Hamilton. I* H. 8. ; New
hause, C. S. M. A.
- 440-yard dash— Lamont, M. H. S.: Murphy,
M. H. S.; Lang. C. S. M. A.; Olson. P. H. S.;
Skavtan, 'P. H. S.; Eggers, P. H. S.; Mont
gomery. L. H. S. ; Morse, L. H. S.
220-yard hurdle: First heat— Lally. P. H.
S. ; Lamont. M. H. S. Second heat — W. Geary.
P. H. S. : Haber, I* H. S-; "Walker. C. 8. M. A.
Third heat — Newhause, C. S. M. A. ; Laumela
ter, M. Hi S.
. 220-yard dash — First heat: Cosgrove. M. H.
S. ; Josephson, L. H. S. ; Lang. C S. . M. A. ;
Adams, P. H. S. ; Vosburgh. L. H. S. Second
heat: Lamb. C. S. M. A.: Beck. C. fcS. M. A.;
Slegel, M. H. S. ; Schwartz, L. H. S. ; Olsen.
P. H. S.
Mile run — Bowley, M. H. S. : Smith. M. H.
S.; McNIeoI, C. S. M. A.; Champraux. C. 8.
M. A. ; Coggin, P. H. S. ; Foster, P. H. S. ;
Morton. L. H. S.; De Manlel, L. H. .&; Gib
son, L. H. S.
Pole vault— Smith, M. H. S.; Lang. C. 3.
M. A.; Benton. C. S. M. a.; Magerstadt, C.
S. M. A.; E. Geary.- P. H. S. ; Caumberser.
P. H. S.; Hamilton. I* H. 3.; Pemberton, M.
H. S.
Broad Jump— Ward. C. S. IT. A.; M&gerstadt,
C. 8. M. A, ; Knopf, P. H. S. ; Barkan. P.
H. S. ; Middleton, L, H. S. : Vosburgh. L. H. S.
12-pound shot put — Pemberton. M^ H. S. ;
Thode. M. H. S. ; Cavanaugh, C 3. M. A. ;
Fleck. C. S M. A.; Bonifleld, P. H. 8.; Bar
kan. P. H. S.; KnoDf. P. H. S.
High jump — Pemberton, M. H. 8.; Cava
naugh. C. S. M. A.; Magerstadt. C. S. M. A.;
W. Geary, P. H. S. ; Adams. P. H. 3. ; Adams.
L. H. S.
Hammer-throw — Thode. M. H. S. ; Tretten,
M. H. S.;. Knopf. P. H. S.; Bonifleld, P. H.
S.; Cavanaugh, C. S. M. A.
PREFERS DEATH
TO DISMISSAL
HORSES OF CLASS
FOR CLEVELAND
FIGHT OFFER
MAY BE RAISED
YOUNG ATHLETES
IN COMPETITION
,THE SAN -FBANeiSGO jC^LL, FRIDAY; MARCH 28^1902,
MURDEROUS BURGLARS: BRUTALLY
ASSAULT AGED JAMES McINTYRE
4
1 MEN! DO VOIJ? I
• Do y° ur ™" ant to te strong? Do you •
o 1^®v'^ : want to feeI ths vim ' the snap ax " 3 o
© -/'^fe^^^/jv ' re °^ man^y vigor? Do you want O
O T<^iiilr **^ courage, energy and ambition to sup- d
© IP^^ \ port you in your cares and troubles? j
© . '^^BSaT^ J J have devoted my life to the develop- o
O ;.. '^a» (^SaB? y^ ment of manly and womanly vigor. I've IT
© L - made a great success. My methods are J~
© > *'v^ffil>^^ approved by the greatest doctors and *»
S V^W^ -t^ 1 ve P rove n that electricity is the basis O
ivtV «v2.**N_ ° a^ anJ nial life, and that "weak men." #
• Jih, ??w. y\f*«r.jSN> dyspeptics,- rheumatics, sufferers from A
9 rj&Sriz,*. iS-^^V« lost energy, weak kidneys, pains In the a
• /# v^T-*» back. head, chest and shoulders from %
m . 9 \^^ < 23*22£5SJ£*i * J varicocele and its allied weaknesses, etc.. T
© "^X.'"f; ai^. 1 ' are weak in electricity. My Electric J
• w Belt restores this life in a lew week3 g
and cures every time. . 9
S DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. S
2 Describe your case to me. and If I say I can cure you I will guarantee to •
• f a v?« U 5t1r W ,?^ r t e a S i or iX?'i r st I engtn - Tne >' onl y stimulate. If you have to O
•¦ Shers stlmulant take wnlsfe y- Taken in moderaton It does less harm than the 0
• ."Every sign of pain and weakness has disappeared. I appreciate A
• itv^oun'ty. Cal- fo^ne." writes J. SchwaFzfcoleridleff rin- ®
• pelS^f^^tSoff^^fiS 111^^*- U has 82 P a^3 of meat to %
t^iiJtl^^ much tetter mine U. Con- g
S PATTTTflll of e f^r a | l s e^iT e< l l< T a L c:>0C c ernsof f erln a "Electric B.lts Free." This O
• " UnUliUll. c ff A r i SO u, l r^ al ; rlcK fc ? folst <» Package oF medicines upon you 6
• - CO. b , Write t3 nje for 015 explanation of th.3 trlcl*. . ©
§ DR. M. C., h McLaugh!in, /•Oifi^ET.sTRjET f
S -»T«m-r, otn «e hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.: Sundaya 10 to 1. °
• a" phy»icTa?~A«nt» y O r d^ D1 ;- McLaughIln ' 8 Electric Belt you are *ad« the car. of §
w a pnysician. Agents or drug stores are never allowed to sell these goods. TSACRAMENTO. March Z7.-Jum.-* Orr
to-day pleaded guilty in the Superior
Court to complicity In the burglary of the
gun store of W. II. Eckhardt In this city
two we«ks ago. Judge Hart sentenced
Orr to twelve years' Imprlnonment In the
penitentiary.
Twelve Tears for the Burglar.
Color Lino Again to the Fore.
PASADENA, March' Z7.-The colored
people of this city have been Informed
that Booker T. Washington will visit
them during April or May. H# will bring
with him about thirty colored women to
be i>lftc«d in schools. It Is understood that
an effort will be made to Introduce thes®
wem*n Into the biennial convention of
Women's Clubs, and the prospect Is In
creasing the friction attending the aue*.
tlon of the color line among the women.
SACRAMENTO. March 27.— Pour cars
of • a freight train were derailed thts
morning on the Central PnclHc, one mllo
west of Newcastle, blockading the track
and delaying traffic until 2 o'clock this
afternoon. No one was Injured In tho
wreck.
Freight Cars Leave the Track.
SANTA CRUZ. March 37 This after
noon about 1000 pounds of black powder
exploded in the wheel mill of the powder
works, blowing; up the roof and damaging
the machinery. No one was Injured.
Nick Patton. who had Just left the mill,
was badly shaken up.
Powder Explodes; xiobody Hurt.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., March 27.— The Ga
zette-Herald, the only morning and Sun
day paper in St. Joseph, was sold to-day
for 130,000. The purchasers are Lewis
Gaylordand M. F. Kaufman of Colorado
Springs, Colo. Gaylord recently sold the
Colorado Springs Telegraph • for 100,000.
Kaufman la the proprietor of the largest
dry goods store In Colorddo Springs and
formerly lived in St. Joseph. The name
of tho paper will be changed, being cal'ed
the Gnzctto luftr.ad of the hyphenated
iiainc. (
Purchase of a Newspaper.
WAHHINOTON. March" 27.— Th« House Com- :
mlttee on Coinage to-day ordered 'a .favorable
report J on 5 the' bill, of : Mr. .Mercer establishing
a coinage mint at 'Omaha, "Neb.,' and -appro
wlatinic $250,000 for. a. building.
WASHINGTON, March , 27.-In ¦ the
' House; to-day ' the , army ; appropriation ;blH
[was passed without i material amendment,
and I a v rule was | adopted | to - make the I bill
¦to retire officers of the revenue cutter ser
vice, a'contlnuing order until, disposed of
the order, not to interfere with appropria
tion or : revenue : bills or conference ¦• re-
Dorts. ¦ ¦ . : ¦. . -'•' - . ¦ ,•¦-.¦'.,•-¦:•
' ¦• - ¦- i
Army Bill Is Passed.
•WASHINGTON, March 27.-Postmaster
General^ Payne received the following tel
egram ; to-day : f rorn^ Postmaster John R.
Guyer, of ; Clayton, ".N.'Mex.: ¦-.-.. ..v. _ ,
« "IjWas attacked, in the postoffice yester
day ' and In ; defense of • myself and ray of
fice J shot • and killed a ; man." ' Particulars
by. mall." ; ¦ ' - \ : '.?'"'
Postmaster j Kills a Man.
CHICAGO, March 27.— Ma Jor General E/
S. Otis, retired from active service in the
United States army,' left to-night : f6r'hi.i
old home in Rochester, N. Y/ His wife
and daughters accompanied him:- Before
leaving General Otis : said : .".While : I have
no detlnite ¦ plans,; there , are : two things • I
willnot do— write a'book or. lecture.'^
Major Otis Goes to His Old Home.
BERLIN,/ March .27.— A. census of this
city gives the population at 1,901,567. The
increase in\ population in the last; year 'Is
only 12,857, as against an increase of 42,493
for -the preceding year. : This , falling off
in the year is attributed to the movement
of the inhabitants to suburbs as a re
sult of electric traction. ' '
Population of Berlin.
RENO, Nev., March 27.— Another sensa
tional strike was made In the .Wedekind
mine,, four miles from this city, to-day.
The strike of the' lead was reached by a
shallow surface cut, and four feet of ore
was exposed. It is practically solid silver
sulphide and assays from Jl to $4 a pound
besides several ounces of gold. The Wede
kind mine has produced a fortune in the
past year from ore running from $60 to
jlOOO a ton. Within the next nix. monthS
it will be a strong rival, if not a superior
to lonapah. A large reduction works at
the . mine is . nearly completed; ¦
Hich Ore Strike Near Reno.
Snn Dlegro Enstern Committeo Obtains
Figures on the Propoied Di
vide Crosilng.
BAN DJHGO, March. 27,-An Important
mating of the Han Diego Kiwtern Rail
road committee wan held this afternoon,
and word was received from II. T. Rich
ards, the chief engineer In charge of tha
surveying party which Is running the sur
vey from the coast to Yuma, Maying that
he had run two lines down the eastern
elope of the divide and had both Joined
In aline across the d«sert, The engineer
writes that tho Ban Diego people who arc
promoting the proposition may figure as
follows:
. From Ban Diego eastward for the first
thirty miles the gradient will be 1 ner
cent, or 62.8 feet to the mile; from the
thirtieth mile to the one hundred and
twentieth mile the gradient will be 1.4 per
cent; or 74 feet to the mllo, and from the
one hundred and twentieth mile to the
Colorado River the gradient will be less
than 40 feet to the mile.
This means that the San Diego Eastern
Railroad will have the lowest grade
across the divide that has been found,
and considerably lower than any road
now entering California. There will be
no grade on the line where a "pusher
'fngine" wlll.be required. Rights of way
have been secured over 90 per cent of the
line. "*./•:'£
(3XIADE WILL BE LIGHT
FOB A NEW EAILROAD
¦ News reached here to-day that the
British Legation' in Caracas had notilled
the Government of Venezuela that the
Governor of the British. Island of Trini
dad had been instructed not to permit in
•the future the presence of the revolution
ary steamer Bolivar at Port of Spain, the
harbor of the Island of Trinidad or in the
British West Indies.
.Under these instructions the Bolivar
will not be allowed to coal, at Port'of
Spain. She will; therefore, probably leave
Venezuelan waters immediately* proceed
ing to the French island of Martinique.
The execution of these orders will place
the . revolutionary - < steamer, in "a critical
situation. •¦ •¦•..-•• ¦- ., r -
It was also learned here to-day that the
Venezuelan Government had received a
report to the effect that General Varela
had defeated the revolutionists under
Montillu In the Estate of Coro, who have
been trying to effect a junction with Gen
eral Riera and his forces. . •
Tho town of Barquleimeto,' In the State
of Lara, continues to be menaced by the
revolutionists.
President Castro appreciates the real
danger of tho situation and manifests as
tonishing activity and Intelligence. The
Immediate 1 success of the revolution Is
looked upon here as being problematical.
The revolutionary steamer Jiollvar was
reported March 21 as being at the mourn
of the Orinoco; March '£1 she was said to
be at Oulrla, ami March 23 it was rumored
that she was at Trinidad. > • .
The Venezuelan authorities continue to
make. arrests throughout the republic.
Further , Venezuelan advices received
to-day announced that San Antonio, in tli«
tituto of > Bolivar, and Maturin, In thu
.State of'Bermudez, were in the hands
of -the revolutionary forces, and
that 2000 revolutionists, under. . Generals
Monagas, Penloza and Rolando, had
united in an advance and were menacing
Cumana and Barcelona. The situation of
General" Riera in the State of Calcon is
said to have become perilous.
WJJ>T,EMBTAD. # Island of Curacao,
March 27,— Tho Venezuelan revolution, ac
cording to advice* received hero yester
day, hn« not realized what It promised
last week,' Tho Government forces havo
reoccupled Port Lamar and Juan Grlego,
on tha island of Margarita, and still hold
Curupano, Cuinana and liurcelona, all In
the State of Dormudez. A force of ,1000
revolutionlfttii, under Domlnso Monogas,
which has been besieging Barcelona, has
retreated before tho Government forces.
STANFORD, March 27.-At the fj na i
Vtry-outs" . last evening the men were
chosen who will represent Stanford in the
debates against the University "of Cali
fornia, to; be held in San 'Francisco April
20, and the University of Washington, to
be held at Stanford on May 2. The team
that will debate California is composed
of . Fletcher > B.; Wagner. "02, of Indian
apolis; H.'C. Jones, '02, of College Park,
and G.'W- Leistner, '04, of San Francisco,
with-J. H, -i Page,.- '03, of . Ellensburg,
iWash.v-as alternate. The men who will
meet Washington are E:;W. Rice, '02, of
Gilroy;XL. L. 'Loof borough, '.'02, • of Salt
Lake City, Utah, and C. M. Rltter, '04, of
Chlco. '..: ,T.* D.-Lockwood of Brownsville
will act as alternate. , , :
Students Who Will Compete With
Other University Men Are
— s. 'fTried Out." . ¦
SELECTION IS MADE
OF STANFORD DEBATEItS
A brick tower ninety-six feet high and
a brisk west wind assisted the Inventor
In IiIm experiment; and all he had to fur*
nigh wax tha wheels. Then* was not th j
lightest hitch; the canvu* chute leadlntr
to tha hole In the base of the towvr
helped materially in creating a strong
duction. and tha wheelo, which were In*
verted between tha chute and tower, went
around rapidly, The experiment wiia pio>
nounced a jtucces*.
ThoHu present at the demonstration
were not given an opportunity to see
what power the device wan capable of
producing. The inventor told them it wan
there, but it could not be shown owing
to a slight accident. While he woe put
ting the wheels in ponitlon tho regular
flywheel was broken and a substitute,
which was not competent to do all tho
work expected, was put In its place.
The simple device used to-day was only
Sa. model, consisting of the above men
tioned three wheels incloned in a tin
cylinder. The stack used ufforded only
one-hundredth of one horsepower. The
principle Is as modest a» the device Itself.
Fanwheels are placed on each side of the
flywheel and the draught caused by the
tower strikes first one of these and then
the ' other, communicating In the mean
time with the center wheel, and motion
is thus produced. ;•;
CHICAGO, March 27.-Charle» Won
dries, a ChfcnKuan, believes he has solved
the problem of perpetual motion, With
tha old of it tall, hollow tower or shaft, 1
a heavy flywheel, two lighter fanwh@@l»
and niitiii'', li't <l"<!lnn'H he can produce a
continuous movement anywhere - in ttw
world. - • •
Venezuelan Troops Drive
Back the Besiegers
at Barcelona.
Ohicagoan Thinks He
Has Solved Perpetual
Motion Problem. /
REVOLUTIONISTS
ON THE RETREAT
DEVICE WORKS
SATISFACTORILY
We held a conference with presidents of tho
coal-carrying rullroruls and conciliation com'
mlttee of the National Civic Federation to-day.'
After dliicUEslng the fltuatlon the CIVlo Fed
ptatlon requested postponement of action for
ft period not to exceed thirty day*, within
v/hlch tlm« the operator* agree to meet ua In
conference with tha Clvlo Federation for the
purpoM of trying to reconcile tho difference*
between u«. In tho meantime mine* «r« to
continue In operation no nsum, W« are hot«f
ful that the ciiKstlotn at luitue will bo nulls
fnctorily ndjUMlt-d and n etrlko avoided. Notify
nil mine worker* to defer action upon resolu
tion* adopted at HUtttunkitt convention.
Neither Mitchell nor any of the coal
operators would discuss the conference
or the general situation for publication.
Senator Hanna returned to Washington
to-nisht. /
President Mitchell and his colleagues
sent the following telegram addressed to
the secretaries of the three anthracite
districts:
Strauss said: •¦
We are very hopeful that there will be an
agreement that will prevent a long and disas
trous strike. ; .
The miners' .representatives have pledged
themselves to Withdraw the threat of a par
tial strike on April 1. Both sides are to take
time to connider the representations made to
day, and the committee Is to meet Inside of
thirty days and hear the results of this de
liberation. An acreement eeems likely.
Mitchell agreed to withdraw the order
temporarily, to give opportunity for the
second conference which Senator Hanna
is to call. .When Senator Hanna came
from the conference room he said: v • -¦¦
Will Hold Another Conference.
¦ Second — The officials of the companies would
meet committees consisting of employes to
discuss and adjust all -grievances. The mem
bers of the committee must be persons In the
employ of the companies, .but the matter of
their appointment woujd" not be Inquired into,
either as to their religion, politics or member
ship in labor organizations.
Third — The coal must be prepared to meet
the market requirements, 'and the output of
the mines must be maintained at their produc
tive capacity, and In no way interfered with.
The presidents also made the point that
the ultimatum of the union to strike on
April 1 did not give proper time for a dis
cussion of. the differences existing and
seemed like a threat held over them.
President Mitchell and his assistants
said they were highly desirous of Improv
ing the condition of their. fellow workmen
by peaceful means and that while there
was any prospect, of accomplishing this
purpose by 'such means they were pre
pared to' withhold the strike order. '
The labor leaders' contended that the
men were not given satisfactory pay and
that there were inequalities in the pres
ent wage system which should be rem
edied by the adoption of a uniform scale.
They also held that the working day
should be shortened.
The operators contended that the higher
pay and shorter day demanded would rep
resent a wage increase of 23 per cent,
which commercial conditions did not war
rant. The presidents of the coal com
panies outlined three propositions and said
that under no circumstances would they
recede. These propositions were as fol
lows:
First — There should be no distinction between
union and non-union men. • ¦
Inequality of Wage System.
NEW YORK, March 27.— Mine ..workers
and mine owners of /the anthracite fields
debated their difficulties; for four, hours
to-day in a conference' arranged by the
conciliation committee of the National
Civic Federation, but the meeting was
without result, save that the workers
agreed not to strike on April; 1, as decided
~ht the Shamokin convention. '< There is to
be further friendly discussion between the
two Interests and Senator Hanna was em
powered to call another "conference att
any favorable time within the next thirty
days. The workers asked for an increase
in pay, a shortening of the working day
to eight hours and the adoptlonof a scale
for the entire district. The operators de
clined to grant the : demands, as to time
and pay and refused to permit the com
plete unionizing of their properties. .The
operators* offered to meet with the em
ployes to discuss grievances at any -time,
t>ut insisted that there be no distinction
between union and non-union men. . They
also asserted that the present market con
ditions did not warrant any increases in
wages or a decrease in working time.
Senator Hanna,- Oscar S. Strauss and
Frank Duncan, a . sub-committee named
by the conciliators, arranged for the con
ference, which was held at the Church
Mission house. The operators present
were W. H. Truesdale, president of the
Delaware, Lackawanna and Western
Railroad; E. B. Thomas, chairman of the
board of- the Erie Railroad; George S.
Baer of the Reading Railroad and Robert
Oliphant. president of the Delaware and
Hudson Company, while the spokesmen
for the miners were John Mitchell, presi
dent of the United Mineworkers, and
District Presidents Nichols, John Fahey
and Thomas Duffy.
Men Agree Not to Walk Out
as Another Conference Is '
to Be Held.
Coal Mine Operators and
Workers Meet to Dis
cuss ¦ Situations
HOPE TO AVERT
GENERAL STRIKE
BANKER KENNEDY
AGAIN ON STAND
LAWYER PATRICK
CHARGES BRIBERY
Says He Bought a Block
of Northern Pacific
Stock.
Says Witnesses Against
Him Were Influenced
by Prosecution.
Announces His Intention of
Carrying Case to Court
of Appeals.
Denies That There Was 'an
Agreement as to How He
Was to Vote It.
NEW YORK, March 27.— Albert T. Pat
rick, who was convicted last night of the
murder of William M. Rice, had a con
sultation to-day with his father. Colonel
Patrick, and his counsel. Turner of Chi
cago. In discussing his case Patrick said:
As a lawyer I do not see how, upon the tes
timony given, the verdict- could; have been
found. I do not believe had Recorder GolT an<l
Assistant District Attorney Osborne known
what effect their addresses would have upon
the Jury that they would have made them In
the terms they did.
Patrick discussed the handwriting testi
mony and the testimony which was ex
cluded concerning the actions of Rice
when he made his will. He spoke also of
the testimony which he said would have
been given In his favor by Schepfell, who
was the dead millionaire's friend for fif
teen years, and also the testimony offer
ed by Adams regarding Rice's views on
cremation. Speaking of the handwriting
testimony Patrick said that the signa
tures to the four disputed checks varied
only in ! the same way as the signatures
to any .'similar number of papers would
vary. He said that only an expert could
detect that difference. Concerning other
testimony the convicted man said:
How can the declaration and determination
¦o* a dead man ' bear evidence except through
the testimony of a third party? It is done
every day In the Surrogate's Court. .
After expressing the belief that both
the Recorder and Assistant District At
torney were astonished at the verdict,
Patrick said: «.-.;<>
I believe the Jury to be composed of honest
men. I have no reason to believe otherwise.
I practically selected the Jury myself. But
this I do know: Every witness, every one
connected with me who could be bribed, ca
joled or influenced was approached, and if in
fluence could possibly be used upon any mem
ber of the Jury I believe it was used. .1 do
not believe for a moment that this verdict
will stand. . It will so to the Court of Appeals,
where the 'questions of law and fact will be
passed upon.
Patrick said further that there was not
one action on his part that he regretted,
not one thing he would not do over again.
' Asked if he would go on the stand in
the event of a new trial, Patrick said he
was in his lawyers' hands and would do
whatever they directed.
DOVER, Del.. March 27.— Among the
companies incorporated here to-day was
the Willow Creek Mining Company of
Philadelphia, to acquire real estate and
mines in Nevada. Capital $1,000,000.
Will Invest in Nevada Mines.
NEW YORK. March 27.-John S. Ken
nedy, banker, was recalled to-day for
cross-examination In the hearing of thc
suit of Peter Power against the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company. He said he
bought a block of Northern Pacific stock,
about $5,000,000 worth, in 1S96. There was
no agreement on his part with any one
as to how he was to vote or sell his
Northern Pacific stock. Kennedy held
about $10,000,000 of Great Northern
stock, which was voted by J. J. Hill on a
proxy. The formation of the' Northern
i*aclnc was not dependent upon the ac
quirement of either Great Northern or
Northern Pacific. The witness never
heard that there was any question or dis
cussion to the effect that the Northern
becurities Company was organized to se
cure a majority of stock of both roads to
maintain rates and control competition.
w. P. Ciough, vice president of the
Northern Securities Company, was then
called. Boutelle of counsel for Power
yuestloned him.
"You have testified that a large amount
of Great Northern stock was never trans
ferred to the Northern Securities Com
pany. Will you explain this?"
"The purchase of about 500 shares was
completed, but negotiations for about 300,
000 were not completed,"
Ciough declined to say whether the
Northern Securities Company had receiv
ed dividends on the Great Northern stock
held by it. He said that Charles Stecle
of J. P. Morgan & Co., George P. Baker
Jr. and A. B. Hepburn held proxies for the
Northern Pacific stock in the possession
of the Northern Securities Company.
"As to the proxies for the Great North
ern stock," said Ciough, "my memory Is
not so good, but I think It is held by J.
J. Hill and by Edward Sawyer in Hill's
absence."
Witness said $250,000,000 worth of North
ern Securities stock had been issued.
This concluded the examination of Col
onel Clough. Attorney Kelloggr of coun
eel for the Northern Securities Company
asked for an adjournment until Satur
day. At that session, he said," he wished
to examine Mr. Perkins of the firm of J.
P. Morgan & Co. He also notified Bou
telle that there were certain slight cor
rections to be made in the testimony of
Morgan and it was agreed that these
•would be • made in writing and entered
upon the record.
Kellogg also asked that Peter Power,
the plaintiff In this suit, be produced at
the next session. Reply was made that
Power would be produced' as soon as the
direct testimony was in.
It was then agreed that the adjourn
ment taken to-day should be subject to
the call of the examiner and it was said
that it probably would be three weeks
before the next session will be held.
E. H. Harriman is to be the next wit
ness examined.
Xiewis-Clark Centennial Officers.
PORTLAND, Or., March 27.— President
Corbett to-day ( announced the names of
Portland men whom he had selected to
comprise the executive committee of the
Lewis and Clark Centennial. The board
is composed of seven members exclusive
of the chairman. They are H. W. Scott,
Rufus Mallory, Charles E. Ladd, A. H.
Devers, A. L. Mills, W. D. "Wheelwright
and F. D. Dresser. The president will
serve as ex-offlclo chairman of the com
mittee and will preside at all meetings.
Portland Republicans at Outs.
PORTLAND. Or., March 27.— The Re
publicans to-day nominated Judge George
H. Williams for Mayor. Fifty-two dele
gates elected as regular Republicans re
fused to enter the convention.
THE SAN "FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 28, 1902:
5
\THE. EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPQBITJ1I.
; THE
5j I ' Extra Speciai On the Salcstablcs Saturday— [Offerings '6flMen's f ' : Furnish~ Special \ Friday Sa'e |
f Saturday Bargains, ings, Clothing, Dress Goods, Easter- R'bbohs, Toilet Chlfdrsn's Hose, 15c. j
$ Men's -irOUSOPS-On 'Saturday SoatS, Ed'sUr CdrdS. NoVelHeS, efC. -> : : - ~ x
IT night only, from 7 until' dozing tim-i ' C ~ ~ — = ¦ *V T^ 5 d °? e kncc > heel f? d ¦¦*?* {»
K we offer at sptciil sale 200 pairs of Men's «J»«— at «fflgS>' sp.iced to.e; a hne . wearing stocking for 3
* strong, all-wool $3.00 Ossimere parts at, '- ¦¦ / SI B^ " A school children; special Friday on!y, j — J»
«? per pair . ... . . /WO W &.S' & «*' \ pair. . ......... .' . . '.- . fi/C .¦«
* Genuine Old MoBrayer "j ~ '¦'''¦ ¦¦'JrMSf'ir*' MyY^/MsM^'*Jr^b/&>r'M'B M M&f Children's White Hosiery for Confirmation— £
J WhlSky— Boltkd at the distillery; fu'l $L S^Jfjf Jh JB[ ** d °" n atBr=ad beSt Comh:d Maco Yarn ' *
$ r^sttZ <pJH.Il J— mm' ' 87 ° CALIFORNIA'S D\RGEST> fi ,„, mill I P« • • • • "•-• • 2So £
% Easter Uanas ana Ncv ,,t.os f .. wl u i jii'fflgMUU^ ilta * 13 Doz:n Children's Tur: Silk Hjse— In '3
Y_^M^-^^^O6 ' " gB 7^R^SGRA^ • ffigt,.^ '."^SjS^mS J
i Easier Nook Rifafoori Safe* • A Great Undermuslin iSale I
ft. To supply the enormous demand for Easter Neck Ribbons, Sash«, Hats and • Corsage Bows, we ' BCffiHS MOttdajf? iil7«lf"C#I 3istm M
•»¦. -have greatly 'increased our srlling space for these i two days be f ore Easter, and have planned this \JJq have bOUP;ht all of thp rpmainina <;tnrk of thr^ nrp<sf»nt 5
J-/:-.,: great sale of h.gh-class imported novelty ribboris, suitable for the above purpcsei. VV C T ldVe UUU 8"t 311 Ol^ine^remainmg 51OCK OT ine present J
J .4000 yards of bcautifui npvcitjr ribbons, varying in width from 4 to 6% season -from the W. H. Burns Co., of Worcester, Mass., x
* : : . • ; :: inches, not a piece pfj which is^ worth less thin 50c a yard, the most ot it the. largest manufactur;s of wutc wear b the United States, and are , in a J
•/ worth up'to 75c, on salcstables in main^aisie Friday and Saturday 4*4% P Oiltion to s= 11 7°° at P rIc * s Ie " than dealer* usaally pay. There are -hun- J
fc° at. .. .'.v : .v. ; : .-.'-."''.'i' .¦•''.¦.•¦;¦•.... ¦•¦¦".' ' •• . . Am%jG dreds of dozens of all kinds of Undermuilins, good quality, all styles and *11 jt
g There are two !ty:«b'tbV lot of^ibbonVhigV^ j n more V^ 8 * Co «-t. Covers, Drawers, and Skirts. Remember this most j
* than 30 colorings,, and novelty weave shirred fancy ribbon of supsrb quality, in cohrings suitable important U'ldetmUSHn Sale Of the year begins MXt Monday. See if
y ';,! for neckwear.- ---.-^- .;^ : ¦•• - ' ; '¦ ! • Sunday papers for p.ices. Y^"^''^-'--' " *
I £Q*lf l§ms * Stwpial Trimmed 4*7 j»*fi t%n tffo sn $1O and $12 Jackets* |
t Friday Bargains*. Hats &Si&U, 910,00, $12. 5O New Styles, $8.95. $
j£ Fringed Vrav Qloths — Momx ' ' '-'¦'^^Sj' / We are ready for Easter, with a very large assorr A splendid lot of Jacket*, *£, " S
% 1'Zi T7n d in tf fi T r and C mT' ment of dimmed hats at these popular prices, in all cf the newest • d*J&S '!
* W 3 h z, G ™ a ? l ? itet y Wmmmi Thcy arc more than wcI1 madc; havc a11 ' the tastc » fff-"; p; XL?* 7J i : ;
$ S^SSSmS ¦ shape of the most expensive hats. On y here f!nt 'and doub£ S^ « ?
J Honey, etc., etc.; regular 25c boxes of 3 iMsM exclusive styles to pet the right ideas from. , Plenty to' „ , tm « llk Imed » [I jjjf I \ .t
Wh^M^^V^M^^. m^^ choose from at S1O.OO, $12.50. W^o^them^ IB \\ \
£ "Marlowe'', 25c satin pad Ihose tujporters • 1^. A'so children's trimmed hats, 5^ to and ™. «"« « one Iff -.J \ ; \ J
H that hook to the corsetj black and - m 2, - : - % • all the medium prices in good assortments. We offer f. rice ' \ ndiina<!e a YM^-**^* J £
If colors; Friday, pair. .;.... .f fiFC especially good va'urs at the pices'auoted. • , . ' %¦&-£.> b'g nving They :V|gJW J
g i^/«#l>0#/-Worth-3Sc ; . 13 inches long; ——- - * , — — are regular f IO and W^fCf J
X bisque head, curly mohair wig, showing if §% V*ipafpi RwB*>iP>£aW MZ $ 4*4 Ih B W9 03 ¦"¦¦¦ J« r»luei, >nd 5
X teeth, shoes and stockings, joint Tat hip and ¦* ¦*" %*BM9zMng _¦ there s ju:t enongh ?g| ,\ *
I pKoS Gates Cigars- SpOOfBlS fOP Easter* £X ' ¦ -^^fT^e to, |
I Until closing'tirnc to-morrow night, the large /For Friday .and 'Saturday we Wjzffl »«racarc pnee •-...¦ .^O.^O S
size, 3 or . . ..... . . . . 2So positively guarantee patrons of The -- L / ~ r ~ •¦ . «
5' New Premiere Kid £m P°" uni the three best Cothmg nH\ [Wen's Hats, §1.39. }t
2? fi/OVfi« iSI *5/fl values this side of the Rocky Moun- _*^^N 7^ ' Choice of our entire line of $1. 85 . D»by «ad «'
5f * - ,„ *T ,. Vm . jr tains.; If We claim that a suit is X^^^-5^ "^>C *° rt hltsj the DctU « » »H heights of S
* AHa HTL J f t ° PCne J Worth SICOO We mean that ¦ f\ ° , OV crown, and widths of brims, n black onh/j S
& (I A I V5 e i. aStertrade 175 d °" n <, -'A- ?V 0 °'. :We , me f n tIiat .¦£ X » 71 - "the Fedoras either bound or raw edgn, b 2
S f\ n'l » *' S ™ St P ° puIar a0d '*}5' 0On thc H iCC 8t Whlch WC rf\ /0l\ black, brown, nutria, steel and pearl, as a S
g, I most satisfactory Ladies* sell such garments regularly every- I it <% I \ special Easter tffenng, . Friday and Saturday &
jf 1 Gloves for: which we are day, and we truih fully assert that / & I YMt «°> $1.39 {5
tl [\ thc exclusive agents : in this , •• . •. f m Pit ¦/>. , I I •-" C
* |{ \ \ city. . They .« the peifte- ™ On ?. 8 rC S ular P"«« « C ] °Wer '&r£/\ % f [tilfy *- -» -, , 5
g. j \^ tionotfit and finish, and are «han those of th:s Store. W// \ V E3 ¦" O I I ' ; = **&ff "UP SatCm; S
If I I V ! folly guaranteed. This lot Therefore, when we SSVe yOU ffl I / j I JL I White German ChW Double Egg rfflT — \ •*
$ \ i indudes.iight, dark.and me- abouta quarter frcm regular WriK^k ** \ Cu P s-Rrguiari y ti.zoi dozen r»--a it
£ V Tdnu • Onloads, next two days, ycu are; getting th= ; fe^Wr-^ I J^k -D««=»:ed with goJ ™u**£ Xj*W \
h _L Modes, G»*/«v> biggest Cicthing bargains that the TOff^ J ' '¦ r^nm ,. in!t - ad of l*-S° doz <==> »P<=="1 f^k. °5
tf 8 9 G '°y s ' Slat* . city affords. - • W"\\ Fliia r ¦ ¦ • • • • • 99o ll *
I • •¦ A, roU ac k^ reJ ,« e First Bargain- :T«*. vnr«tricM | Wp | \\ 2S I
I . €?_ and black stitched bicks, choice o! any man's $15.00 Suit in our W / 1 / \^y. ___J___L_" S
F— == ii =la= r and white and 'p;arl with ' Store, on Friday or Sat- A44 p— *p* • Will n \\ i» : - . _ ~™" Jc
fc « . bl>ck and self-stitchtd backs; the best glove ¦ urday lor SmBb&O \ / IVl I U8SSG MOOrG AA 9 SOD *
I madeatthe rric e . : . . ¦ .-. Stso Thi, s;o ck of ix's'^o 'induT, an of the b«t" W i X '/ - - And Other Specials. $
5 Ciifl«i*l ft,W«.. C«f « ' ma . kes °[ high-grade clothing in America. Th: W/'llll- II JfSie . M: o-e AA Vhlsky — The geonine, . jj " ¦
3P£Cia5 tPIUay bales *pn*g and^summer effects in worsteds, cheviots and W///'i I » // ¦ F,iday only, bottle . ... . . . . 3Q O S
tt I Men'S Furnishings* vicunas, n«bby;black:^^and white patterns, stripes, Wh \t\\ 11 Sherry— Duff Gordon, the imported, genuins, *
f / Madras Golf Shirtj-In up-to-date patterns: « eck s, raixfires, etc., coats either single or double. ¦ M I Ilk ,11 , Friday, bott!e . r . ...... JffO $
X % blues, red. and gray stripej; . regularly «i.ob o ' -* „ ' * - « .. r W IWHi ' Extra Zinfandel— A fine tiKe c'artt, Friday, S
K Friday. . . ... . . . . . .6Qo Second .Bar&ain— Ten-Dollar Svits W I W\l\ - gallon . ..... ..... .S5o *
J£ Men's Fancy. Hose— The 25c quality; black l°r youths 13 to 19 years 0! aj?, OH Special \a I \{'lm •' Kentucky River Whi iky — An otceSent quality jj
»; and Wuegrjund with ' polka dot on drop - , sale Friday and Saturday O*<r*t *9B I / Vm\ ¦ Bourbon, gallon ... . ... . . $2*5ti £
it sttch effects; a swell stocking for low shoes j only %P$£&B M & \L\ W&k * "'
iSi^^^BiiiiS m0^^^^^0^mi- Butter, 35c. i
I in^^^Tou^vr^ 5 ¦ . An^erofourfamo^FridayS^of I
% ;«K 7v: .^ !s6o Third Bargain-lhz lOV 1 , «« best C rC a merj: Butter-compare ,to- $
% Kcq's G!oves-In the fashionable shade, of (8 to IS years), Friday and Saturday only $ 1m 83 ? 2y $ pr: " With th = P r:cc y° u havc J
K light and dark gray, selected skins, will These Suits consist of douye-breasted coatJ and knee panti, in guirantesd wool fabrics in new ° P a y m S» positively / the brst #,
5 made and perfect fitting, every pair guaran- gray, green, tans and other color combinations for spring t wsar. Every mother who 'ha» seen qua'ity; regu'ar !ZJ Squares; .
Jf teed . . . . . . . .', .... $1,50 them considers them a first-clasi value at the regular price. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ . Friday ..;........ ... 35C 3€
San Francisco, Friday, 28 March, 1002.
Spring opening of ¦ . ¦ . '
new window laecs
i • »
o — ¦ — — ; . o
The new curtains arc here — and they are without doubt •
thc most exquisite window laces that we have ever seen in
any season. From thc most inexpensive Nottingham to the
finest Arabian there is a catchiness and a "differentriess" to
\ the designs that appeals instantly to the wbman . of
taste. The Colonial curtains are quite the "smartest" fixings
for library and dining-room windows yet %hown; plain net
backgrounds with applique braid borders. in geometrical de-
signs. One of thc most pronounced novelties ws an Irish
Point Bonne Femme with flounced bottom. The popular Sou-
tache laces, of the best bobbinet, are shown in bewildering
variety.
To-day and to-morrow will be sort of reception days in the
Drapery Department, and you are extended.a pressing invita-
tion to come in without 3 thought of buying. Any way. don't
I fail to see the west show window to-day.
O— : — : -o'
. ¦ - • ' - ¦ V ¦ \
I (Successors to California Furniture. Co.) ; I
957 to 977 MarKct Street, 'Op?: Golden Gate Avenue. J
TTTR> ETffPORTTIM.
A new hat for Easter
Sunday is Easter—you will want a new hat for the -
occasion. < We can interest you in our $1.95 line, because
the hats are the equal of $2.50 articles sold all over
town. This we are -jure of, as we sell the hats at a very
close margin— at clothier's profits, not hatter's.
The hats come in Derbys, Fedoras,. Graecos, Dun-
lap Crushers, Pan-Americans and Pantouris; the colors '
are black, cedar, pearl, blue pearl/ steel and oxford
The hats are swell and dressy, and regardless of the
low price, are quite suitable for dress on so auspicious a
A . Out-of-town orders fill ad — write us.
718 Market StreetsHOTEL DEL. CORON ADO. ¦'- choicest .winter
Resort In the world, offers best living, climate.
boating, bathing fishing and most amuse
ments. E.* 3.'; Babcock, manager, Coronado, CaL
Roosevelt is said to engage in a ; wrestling; bout
every day with a professional, but; he is. never truly,
strenuous until ;>. he gets into a tussle L with General
¦Miles. • ' ; ' •,•.••;.--¦¦-.. ..;•¦ ¦-. ,-.. ;•;-•:¦.• '.
And now Kaiser Wilhelm has decided that Marconi
shall < not have the-; privilege, of; operating wireless
telegraphy iri ,Germany, and; it begins to look as if
the young inventor would have to 'confine- his ener
gies to Canada and the deep blue sea.
WASHINGTON, March 27.— The follow
ing Callfornlans; registered at the hotels
to-day;- At the Shoreh'am— S. D. ,Ro8en
baum.of Stockton; at the Arlington— J. T.
Tievers, L.A. Robesantz and Mrs. J.'.W.
Ford'of San Francisco; at. the WlllaTd—
A.'C. HatchV and . wife of Los Angeles
and Robert Forsy th of San Francisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
The Virginia constitutional convention is still
working away in earnest efforts to devise some means
of • restricting negro suffrage without running the
risk of losing representation in Congress, but it looks'
as if the Solons would never settle" the question until
the present generation has passed away and the
problem has gone with it./' ' • •
. From Lob . Angeles— C. , Carpenter . and
MIbbV Carpenter, at-jthe '.Criterion;'* Ei^'-P.
Clarke, at the St.. Denis. -,\ : v "
From San Francisco— J. Birmingham, at
the ¦ Holland; 1 J. H. Borland and II. Led
oror, at tho Herald ' ; Square :*J.* PetttnglM,
at the St. Denis; J. M. Costello, at the
Broadway Central; Mrs. A. N. Haabrouck,
at the New Amsterdam; H. C. Hopklnson,
at tho Continental; J. G. .Travares, at the
Grand Union. » ; -. ' V
NEW YORK, March 27.— The following
Callfornlana are in New York: , ' ' :,"
Callforninns in New York.
The proposed exhibit is the more ., worthy of
attention, because it is now fairly certain the! St.
Louis exposition will be postponed from "1903 to the
A circular issued by the Japanese Government an
nounces that while the- prime object in establishing
the foreign exhibit building is to afford the Japanese
themselves an opportunity to study the best products
of Western invention, the enterprise will also offer
to foreign manufacturers an opportunity for "ex
ploiting the rapidly developing markets of the whole
Far East," inasmuch as it is expected that the exhi
bition will be largely attended, not only by Japanese,
but by. many, victors from other Asiatic countries. It
is contemplated to exhibit samples of such foreign ar
ticles as, may be of -value for . purposes' of industrial
comparison and reference, and no charge for space is
to be exacted. ! ] ; v
While a single building, however large it is likely
to be, will afford but scant room for a full exhibit
of the manufactures cf the competing nations of the
world, it will surely be worth our while to make such
exhibit as we can. California at least has a sufficient
interest in the Japanese trade to justify a considerable
expenditure of money and energy in making a good
showing of her products which are fitted for the Jap
anese market.
ON behalf of his Government the secretary of
the Japanese legation at Washington has re
quested . that the attention of the American
people be called to the fact that a special building for
the exhibition of foreign manufactures is to be added
to the Japanese national exposition to be held' next
year at Osaka. /It is the desire of the Japanese
Government that our manufacturers send rxhib.its in
order that trade between the two countries may be
increased to their mutual advantage. ¦
JAPAN'S EXPOSITION.
Judge Lambert Tree of Chicago Is at
tho Palace. The eminent jurist was
United States Minister to Russia in 1SS9.
Ho Ih touring tho const for pleasure.
Colonel C. A. Hopkins, a mining man
with. valuable claims in Nevada, has re
turned from his home In Boston and Is
registered at tho Palace.
Jacob P. Bates of tho firm of Cobb,
Bates & Xerxa, wholesale grocers of Bos
ton, la at the Palaco, accompanied by his
family.
Robert Graham, who represents the Ar
mour Fruit Car Company at Los Angeles,
Is among^the arrivals at the Palace, j
William Todd, a railroad contractor who
resides at Santa Rosa, Is a guest at the
Russ. . ;, • 1 • ••\; o
Captain J. H. Roberts, a capitalist and
"old resident of Sacramento, is at the Russ.
A. B. Corey, a railroad contractor of
Ogden. Is among the arrivals at the Lick.
E J. Ix)cke Is registered from Mexico
at tho Grand.
' O. W. Strohl, a fruit-grower of Napa,
Is at the Lick.
•Charles Francee, ex-Mayor of Salinas,
Is a guest at tho Grand.
Frank R. Weho, an attorney of Downie
ville, is n gucHt at tho Lick.
PEBSONAL MENTION.
During the week that the Imperial Coun
cil will be in session there will be .a num
ber ot interesting features, but one of the
most interesting will be the parade of the
Arab patrols and then the drill by the
patrol of Islam Temple, which will take
place In the Mechanics' Pavilion. The
seating, capacity of that e*dlflce will be in
creased so as ,to accommodate at least
20,000 people. ¦"> ' "Cv. ! - i
Colonel Charles H. Murphy, .potentate
of Islam. Temple, has received a communi
cation from Philip C. Schaeffer, the im
perial potentate, saying that the Shrin
ers of the East are very much enthused
on the subject of the visit to the Golden
West and that he will use his best en
deavors to fill San Francisco with nobles
of the red fez.
The executive committee, that is arrang
ing for the reception of the thousands of
strangers who will visit this city with
the delegates to the .Imperial Council,
have made arrangements by which there
will be reduced rates by rail and steam
ers for those who. will come to San Fran
cisco and an opportunity will" be given
to the visitors to remain for a stated
period after the session so they may go
to different parts of the State, see Its im
mensity and study Its productiveness.
At a meeting of Islam Temple of the
Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles of
the My'stlc Shrine,' helrt on ."Wednesday"
night, the members subscribed the sum of
$21,500 toward the fund that la being raised
for the purpose of entertaining the Im
perial Council of the order, that is to meet
in Its twenty-eighth annual session in
this city next June. It is expected from
reports that have been received that about
15,000 Eastern Shriners, in addition to
those from the Pacific -slope; will be in
this city during Shriner week. It will re
quire about $20,000 more to keep up the
reputation of the Shriners of this city for
hospitality.
Offenses of that kind, and they have been numer
ous on the part of Gage, are not going to be over
looked. The Republican press of, the State began by
protesting against Gage's shameless efforts to. coax
or bully honest Republican members of the Legisla
ture into voting for Dan Burns for the Senate,' and
since that time they have had frequent occasions to
make further protests. Now, reviewing his. whole
record in office, they warn the party that his renomi
nation will mean* defeat
This phase of the political situation presents an
issue which cannot be overlooked and should not be
shirked. There is at present no formidable opposi
tion to the Republican delegation in Congress. The
outlook for the Congressional campaign is bright
and promising. If any Congressman, however, shows
himself an active ally of the bosses in the scheme to
force the renomination of. Gage the outlook in his
district will be speedily clouded over. Republicans,
already disgusted with the use of the Federal brigade
under Lynch in the service of Herrin, Kelly, Burns
and the rest, would be roused to indignation if the
services of Congressmen were degraded to the same
disreputable ends. A word to the wise is sufficient.
No Republican Congressman can afford to take
political oiders from the Democratic boss and attor
ney for the Southern Pacific Railroad. Neither can
he afford to join the gang that is striving to bring
about the renomination of Billy Herrin's man Gage.
The Republican papers of California that are now
t-xposing the schemes of the bosses have no other
object than that of saving 'the party from a domina
tion that threatens it with disaster. Gage cannot be
rc-clecicd. He has given offense to nearly all classes
of honest Republicans. His administration has been
mean, narrow, vicious and corrupting. He has been
ready at any time to sacrifice the welfare of the State
and the honor of the Republican party for the sake
of sen-ing the base interests of the most pernicious
men now in California politics. People have not-for
gotten how fulsomcly, unctuously and repeatedly he
declared during his campaign for the Governorship
that he had no alliance with the Southern Pacific
Railroad, nor how immediately upon his taking of
fice he began intriguing in combination with Herrin
to procure the election of the notorious Dan Burns
to the United States Senate. They have not forgot
ten how even the welfare of helpless feeble-minded
children was sacrificed by the discharge of Dr. Os
borne for the sake of making a fat place for a worth
less politician.
The activity of Internal Revenue Collector Lynch
in the work of the bosses shows that in their despera
tion they are going to make Federal politics subser
vient to State politics. They will endeavor to com
pel or coax members of Congress to take part in the
campaign for the discredited Gage. Appeals will be
made to Congressmen to help the Governor, to
come into the camp and to take an active part in
carrying out the schemes of the bosses in the Repub
lican State convention. ¦
• T"^UBLIC opinion has already declared itself
\r** against the scheme of the bosses to re'dect
¦*- Gage. The prevailing tone of the press in all
sections of the State is antagonistic to the scheme.
The leading represent?tives of the Republican press
have been notably emphatic in denouncing not only
that scheme but the bosses, who by their efforts to
force the renominatioit of their tool show a deter
i mination to rale or ruin the party.
The leader of the bosses, Billy Herrin, being a
Democrat, cares little whether the Republican party
be ruined or not. He would willingly and perhaps
gladly sacrifice every other candidate on the Repub
lican ticket for the sake of electing <lage. - Kelly,
Burns, Crimmins, Burke and Lynch, though calling
themselves Republicans, are doubtless in full sym
pathy with the Democratic boss. They, like Billy,
would be willing and prompt to compromise the
political prospects not only, of the Republican State
and county tickets but of the Congressional tickets
as well for the sake >f keeping in the Governor's of
fice the man who has placed all the spoils of politics
; in their hands, arid who in their interests has even
; made use of the State Normal School at San Jose
and the Home for Feeble-Minded. Children to supply
places for members of the gang.
THE DESPERATE BOSSES.
LION AND BULL
TO FIGHT TO THE
DEATH IN ARENA
EL PASO, Tex., March 27.—Arrange
ments are being made here for one of the
most remarkable contests that ever took
place in an arena on the North American
continent. A monster lion from South
Africa will be pitted against a splendid
bull from Samalayuca and the tw6'beast3
will battle to the death in the presence
of thousands of spectators. The fight will
take place Just across the border onMei
lean soil in the bull ring at Juarez, and
the spectacle, the like of which has not
been seen since the days of Nero, will
undoubtedly attract people from far and
near. The lion to be used is a beautiful
specimen recently brought to - the city
from South Africa by hia owner, A. J.
Morrison of Los Angeles. He is three
years old and la valued at $5000.
Ex. strong noarhound candy. Townsend's.*
CaL glace fruit 5Cc perlb at Townsend'a.*
It costs $6 to send a ten- word message
by telegraph from New York to Skag
way, Alaska.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the.
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's),' 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
No " less than 30,000.000 acres of Cuba—
nearly half the island— are forest. There
are thirty different species of palms alone
found there.
Townsend'a California glace fruit. 60c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
C29 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. •
Of the women who recently took com
petitive examinations in Washington for
positions in the civil service over XI per
cent passed, as against 62 per cent of tha
men.
The one ireat virtue of Burnett's Vanilla Ex
tract U purity. It's real vanilla extract A notn
in* but vanilla extract. Always use Burnett's.
and In the end I expert to be wholly iuo>
roHflfut, ,
"The ptetureii which I have now are
ordinary prints, but they verve to show
the varieties q( color possible in the neg-«
atlv*. The dark gray of reek*, th« dun
cul.irvii eand?, the varying tint* of follaga.
the buff of the Walslnaham Plaee/a walls*
and the mother-of*pearl tints In the wales
of the licrmuttu nahea are »ucee«a(ully
and sharply brought out," %
A. HYATT VBRRXLI* WHO, AFTER VKAIUI OF EXPERIMENTING, 18
ABLE TO TAKE PHOTOGRAPH! IN COLOR. HE SAYS THE PRO
eB88 IB AUTO-CHROMATIC AND ENTIRELY PHOTO-CHEMtCAI*
All of these things are but reports and rumors.
The whole discussion is in the' air, and that renders it
the m6rc interesting, for it gives something of mys
tery to the matter. Since everybody is pleased with
Roosevelt and the party firmly approves his policy as
a. whole, why should there be at this time so much
talk of a rival? "Why should that rival be the Sena«
tor from Ohio? It hiay be there is nothing in the
affair, but talk, but it begins to look as if something
were doing.
Only one observer has noted anything that even
so much as seems like a desire on the part .of Hanna
to antagonize the President, and he goes no further
than to say that Hanna is holding firmly* the control
of the Republican machine in the Southern States and
will be able to throw it as he pleases at the Presiden
tial convention, so that if Roosevelt should lose his
popularity before that, time, and Hanna should re
gain his 1 health, it might be he would seek the nomi
nation for himself.
Public opinion in Washington City' holds strongly
to the belief that Hanna is not and will 'not be a can
didate. It is said there that not only does Roosevelt's
popularity preclude any rivalry, but the health of the
Senator is too uncertain and weak to permit him to
think of undertaking the Presidency. The two men
are working in harmony," and there have been no evi
dences of friction. Moreover, Senator Hanna's re
peated assertions to Washington correspondents that
ne is not a candidate are accepted by them as sin
cere. The New York drift, therefore, seems to
amount to nothing from the point of view of the
national capital, and the talk of Hanna for the Presi
dency, is treated as but the beginning of the usual idle
discussions of the silly season.
It is said that the gentlemarfciwho made that re
port, Mr. Henry Dougherty, is not a member of the
\Hanha faction in Ohio, and that consequently his
observations in" New York were not prejudiced in
favor of the Senator. It would seem, then, that it
may be accepted as a fact that the elements in New
York that have been opposed to Roosevelt "at every
step in his career are at work now in trying to form
a sentiment in favor of the man whom they deem
most likely to be able to defeat him.
liave said: "I was surprised at the talk in the East
favorable to Mr. Hanna for the Presidency, but my
surprise was only occasioned by finding the sentiment
so widespread so long before the nomination is to be
made. There is no cause for surprise in. the fact that
the East -looks upon Senator Hanna as an available
man. His splendid abilities as a business man appeal
to the business interests of the country. Business
men know that prosperity returned to the country
under the business administration of' President Mc-
Kinley, whose able adviser Senator Hanna was. They
know, too, that times of storm and trouble may come
again, and it is only natural they should seek a con
tinuance not only of the policies but of the men who
have proved In previous storms that they are safe and
trustworthy navigators."
A short time ago an Ohio politician, of note vis
ited New York for the purpose of finding out the
drift of public opinion in that 'city on the Presiden
tial question, and on his return home is. reported to
0N1S of the strangest features .of the -political
situation is the persistent discussion of Sen*
Mm' I hiiiim RR a Presidential eandldnt@ in
1994. There Is no apparent weakening iof Reose
velt'i prestige In the eountryi nor any manifest eauae
why he should not be nominated, 1 but still the tnlk of
Hftnna goes on. The Senator himself has done well
nigh everything a man can do to put'' a stop to the
dUcussion, but without avail. He hns even announced
that if there.be no other way to prevent his friends
from booming him for the nomination, he would
come out for free trade, Not even that has stopped
the talk, and .despite himself the Senator from Ohio
is being forced into the position of a candidate for
the Presidency in rivalry to Roosevelt.
HANNA AND THE PRESIDENCY.
Senator Simmons of North' Carolina has risen to
predict that the Democrats will carry the country in
1904 if they can get rid of Bryan, but for all prac
tical purposes he might a» well have predicted that
they will elect Bryan if they^can oarry the country^
FRIDAY MARCH 28, 1902
}: J0H , N - p -_ SPR _ ECKE1 :^_ Pro P rietor : .
kUxtn All CcBBBsintiona to W. B. LEAKS, Xtttgtr.
MAXAGEK'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
{PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and' Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
KDITORUL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. ;;¦] I
E Delivered by Carriers, 16 Cents Per Week.
, * Slnsrle Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postages
T.Y CALL (including Sunday), one year $0.00
DAILY CALX, (lnclu.llnf Sunday), 0 months 3.00
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
iDAILT CALLi— By Slnrle Month.... 66c
6UNDAT CALL, One Yw 1.80
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear.? 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded wben requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to cive. both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
' to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
• OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadwar
C. GEORGE KKOGXTCSS.
Kt&fcftr Foreign Adrertisl&g, Mtr$cetts Buildia^. Chits;).
(Lonr Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
j C. C. CARL.TOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: \
I STEPnnx n. SMITH .-30 Tribune Building
•' V CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
> Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St.. N. W.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
nil ASCII OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 0:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 0:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1006 Va-
K)rn<-ia, open until B o'clock. ion Eleventh, open until 0
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. £200 Fllltnore, open until 0 p. m.
"It la now Pimply a question of time,
trials, experiment and financial ability,
PREPARATIONS
FOR WELCOMING
THE SHRINERS
A. HYATT VERRILL., a youngr Yala
graduate, living: In New Haven.
Conn., has succeeded In; photo
' graphing in colors. Hla process*
is a secret which he refuses to
make public, although he has received
; many generous' offers! He has even de
cided not to have the process patented as
yet, because that would necessitate plac
ing the formula for the emulsion and "for
his lenses in thfe Patent Office, where the
reports would' be accessible to investiga
tors.
Verrlll believes that he is not yet at the
goal of his discovery. He has conquered
the difficulties that stood in the way of
every color except the bright red. But he
is sanguine and he says that he will have
all of them . under ] control in a few
months. "Verrill is a son of Addlson E.'
.Verrill, professor of zoology and curator
of, the zoological collection at .Tale. Pro
fessor VerriU aided and encouraged his
eon through the five years of his experi
ments. , :-*.;
Verrill is specializing scientific photog
raphy. His work consists very largely in
illustrating natural life specimens for the
Yale professors' works, and for scientific
.publications. In conjunction with his
'father's researches (he has . been led to
make strikingly fine photographs of
animal life, bird life, fish and marine
subjects, . and latterly he has branched
out on an independent quest dealing with
the evolution of the cicada. .Speaking of
his work Verrill said: : .• ;¦-: ..
•'It is unfair .to ask me to tell by what
process I do this, for that "would be
throwing away ¦" the ' researches of five
years, a good deal of money and even the
credit for the discovery. I am free to
say, however/that the process is auto
chromatic and entirely photo-chemical. It
depends upon two factors— llrst, the plates
and negatives, whioh are reBensitlzed bo
ns to be fully five times as sensitive to
the red colors as the ordinary negative,
and secondly, It depends for success upon
tho paper used. This is of my own make
and upon my own emulsion, which pre
ventB the red from going black and tho
blue going whlto.
"The real secret ih in the composition at
tho emulsion upon tho papers, for that
matter t have had th« lenses which 1 usd
built especially for me upon my own
HpeatneatlottB and at a considerable ex»
Pfniti
"The very first pleturt* thai l-got t&ve
seme eolers, but were haiy, dull, tint and
muddy, Blnee then l hav§ experimented
to nnd Bomethlns t© bring eut the eelor
sharply and clearly, Three weeks ago I
got the results I seught, I made a net ef
three pictures frem gayly eolered Der
rmidft fiBhes, pome birds, a emb and the
WHlslnghftm pjftpe in nermudn. The Net
whh made Into r birthday gift tar "my
father, who has aided me greatly by ad.
Reviewing the matter in perfect calmness, one is
moved to advise the General that he will probably
make a better before-dinner than after-dinner
speaker. His speech was made after a banquet afthe
Marquette Club. We are not aware of the General's
personal habits, but his speech was in the temper
that is incited by the use of hot, rebellious liquors.
It is held by both civil and military authorities in
the Philippines that permanent pacification of the
people is desirable, to the end that we may begin
their elevation and advancement in the ways of peace.
Members of the Philippine Commission have even
gone so far as to say that the presence of military
camps in the towns ir. the cause "of friction and
trouble. There is a substantial agreement that so far
placation of the masses has failed. It was a military
boast that Samar was to be besomed and "made a
desert where even a bird could not live." If there be
any substitute for such drastic measures it should be
found and tried. The proposition of the petitioners
that the leaders of the native people be consulted in
search of such substitute has in it every element of
reason. In every war with our red Indians that pol
icy has been followed by our military officers.
Crook did.it with the Sioux and Miles with the
Apaches. In each case it succeeded, and further
bloodshed was averted. To sign such a petition in
volves no turpitude, no opposition to whatever our
permanent policy in the Philippines may be, no un
patriotic attitude toward our Government or institu
tions. Time was that Southern slaveholders denied
to Northern free men the right of petition. But since
the vindication of that right by John Quincy Adams
on the floor of the House no voice has been raised
against- it until this brigd'dicp general in the regular
army proposes to hang citizens of the United States
for exercising It.
Quoting his exact language, as reported, itg often*
livene'sg ii apparent. He said: "Two negro soldiers
deserted our army and for & time served In the In
mii >:r itt tinny. They were caught and hanged, It
would have been more an set of justice had we
hanged the people who signed the recent petition to
Congress asking that we confer with the Philippine
leaders In an effort to secure peaee. In the one case
two ignorant beings were executed, while in the
other people more guilty than they and In full pos
session of their senses were allowed to go free."
Insolence can go no further, Signing a petition
for consultation looking to peace is denounced as
more deserving of the gallows than desertion to the
enemyl It, is language unbecoming an officer and
a gentleman, and nothing can make the army, the
administration and all concerned more unpopular
than to permit it to go unrebuked and unresented.
Among the signers of that petition were stout sup
porters of the administration. Its signatories were
not the opponents of any Government policy. They
appeared as -the friends of their country and its au
thorities. They merely suggested, from the body of
the people, a public policy. To do this there was no
way open to them except by petition. Among the
signers were Wayne Mac Veagh, Senator Edmunds,
the presidents of nearly all the. American universities
and the leading clergymen of all denominations, and
leading professional and public men of every State
in the Union. These are the citizens whom young
Hotspur desires to hang as worse than deserters who
go over and fight for the enemy against their own
flag.
Under our system of government petition is the
recognized way of the people to the Government.
Hardly a day passes that petitions are not presented
to Congress bearing upon some policy of the Gov
ernment or advising as to its acts. Citizens have the
same right to. petition for ways. and means to secure
peace in the Philippines that they have to petition
for or against free trade with Cuba, or on any other
subject, and it is effrontery of the most offensive kind
in this general of the regular army tp bawl at them
his denunciations and yelp his opinion that they are*
worse than negroes who desert ¦ to the enemy, and
ought to be hanged.
. Such conduct disgraces his Uniform and is preju
dicial to the army.- It is in derogation of the consti
tutional rights of American citizens, and discloses in
him an envenomed ignorance of the principles of
liberty which could not be exceeded by a padishah
or an Indian rajah of the time of the Moguls. Citi
zens who differ with the petitioners whom he de
sires, to hang do not scruple to. deprecate and rebuke
him, because the establishment of such a principle
as he advocates would mean that every revolution in
our politics would imply' proscription. The execu
tioners of to-day would stand on the gallows to-mor-
Gcneral Funston will do well to repair his inflated
condition and sheathe his unruly mouth.
THE Eastern press comments with much asper
ity.upon General Funston's "speech in. Chicago.
In that oratorical effort the General declared
for hanging the citizens who signed a petition ask
ing that our Government confer with Filipino lead
ers upon measures to end war and strife in the
islands/ : YV ¦
GENERAL FUNSTON'S VIEWS.
YALE MAN IS MAKING A SUCCESS
OF TAKING PHOTOGRAPHS IN COLOR
A trade that shows so flourishing a condition as <
that, and is making such rapid progress, is worth
looking after. It is announced that the exhibition
will be open from March , 1 to July 31, 1903, and in
tending exhibitors are requested to forward applica-^
tioris to the office of the Chief Commissioner for the
Fifth Domestic Industrial Exhibition, in the Depart
ment of Agriculture and Commerce at Tpkio, not
later than June 30, 1902. Foreign* exhibits for the
samples building will be exempt from duty, provided
they arc withdrawn for exportation within two
months after the close of the exhibition.
With the big demands for the St. Louis exposition
out of the way for a time, there will be nothing to
prevent our giving the Japanese enterprise some at
tention. Official reports for ioqi show that during
that year the increase, in imports to Japan from the
United States was larger than the increase of imports
from any other nation. We are near to equality to
our great rivals in that market. The figures of the
imports from the various countries show that imports
from the United States have grown from 6,874,531
yen in 1890 to 42,769,725 yen in" 1901; those from
Germany, from 6,856,055 yen in 1890 to 28,320,097
yen; those from the United Kingdom, from 26,619,-.
102 to 50,575,781 yen; those from India, from 8,910,
891 yen in 1890 to 42,779,900 yen in 1901; those
from\China, from 8,849,685 yen in 1890 to 27,256,979
in 1901. ' ~ - . ¦- • -
following year. "All reports from < the East\agrcc that
it is physically impossible, even in/ these . days of
rapid construction/ for? the ..directors pf the exposi
tion to get the huge* buildings' ready in. time for the
installation of exhibits next spring. Under such cir
cumstances it. is clearly advisable to postpone the
opening. Where so much money, and labor are to be
expended it is better to take time enough to perfect
things than , to carry them through , with a rush and
»o waste a golden opportunity.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FIUDAY, MARCH 28, J 1902.
NORDICA— E. B. W., Creston, San
Luis Obispo County, Cal. Lillian Norton
Doehme (Mme. Nordica) was born in
Farmington, Franklin County, Me., De
cember 12, 1859; daughter of Edwin and
Amanda Allen Norton, who were distin
guished amateur musicians. The pub
lished biographies do not mention Mme.
Nordlca's grandparents. .
WELLS' LECTURE— A Subscriber,
Niles, Cal. The catalogues of recent date
do not' show that the lecture by H. O.
Wells' on "The Future of Man" has been
issued In book or pamphlet form. You
might communicate with him on that sub
ject. His address is Spade House, Sand
gate, Kent, England.
WHEREABOUTS OF PEOPLE— W. J.
II., Boston, Mass. Correspondents who
desire information about missing relatives
should communicate with the business
department of The Call for rates of ad
vertisement. <>-.*"
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
President Harriman and his party are
expected to arrive here the early part of
next week. A short stop will be made
at Los Angeles and two days will be spent
at Santa Barbara. i ;V 'v Y -
Following the rule of the late C. P.
Pluntington, President Harriman does riot
allow his car to move at night. As soon
as nightfall comes the car takes a siding
and 'does not move until the next morn
ing.' V>
The Harriman party is traveling In a
private car and is composed of E. H.
Harriman, his wife and two - daughters.
Dr. Lyle, a personal friend of Mr. Harri
man; "Private Secretary Stanley" Boron
and Traffic Director JVC. Stubbs.
William Sproule, freight trade man
ager, and E.- O. McCormlck, passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific,
arrived here yesterday from Arizona.
They left President Harriman at Phoenix.
HARRIMAN WILL
ARRIVE IN THIS
CITY NEXT WEEK
6
/LMUBO1ENTB.
Columbia— "Tti« OirliUtn."
Ofph^vini— Vaudeville.
Utnh.1 nprm-lmuM- "l^n Tr»CH."
Pijffefr'i ThMHer^'Llui* Chrlitephw."
e»llf©H»!i—"The fcMiv«r BipMBl."
Central— "Tl»# Man^'»Wirsmtn."
Atr B *nr ,."ni, and nrr,"
Mtfhitntff' Pavllteiv-'Narrti ft Ilewt't ni« Ihswi.
rheiman-CUy mil— tft*fl*Mlwlul, Tu.eidty night, April 1.
¦ ¦ek!»i..l lia.eirrti k--JUrt« tO'd«y. , '
Great Easter Edition. I
I Resplendent in j
I Beautiful Colors I
I And Unsurpassed in Articles I
I of Human Interest Apper- j
I • tainingtotheQlorious Easter I
I Day# 1
1 I A Special Section 1 I
8 J For Women Readers. | |
I L ,¦ ; ,-; _ _J (
i \_ . •¦ j
f Out flarch 30, 1902. Price 5c a Copy.
1^ I-. Order Now.
1 '¦™*** a "B»«B^JO»«FAVOHS GBOOVED BAILS
FOB STBEET CAB LUTES
chants' Association to Submit
an Ordinance on Subject.
Supervisors* Committee Asks Mer-
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday requested the Merchants' Associa
tion to submit an ordinance requiring the
use of grooved rails on reconstructed
roadbeds ' of streetcar lines. The Mer
chants' Aesociation sent a communication
advising that when street railway fran
chises are granted in future the use of
groaved rails be made compulsory and
also that the same kind of rails be used
when existing roads are reconstructed. L.
M. King of the association gave testimony
relative to the advantage gained by the
use of the rails.
The committee reported in favor of the
proposed ordinance regulating the tem
porary occupancy of a public street by
building materials. .
The committee recommended the reduc
tion of the sidewalks on Fulton street,
from First avenue to the Great Highway.
The committee postponed action for one
¦week on the resolution directing the
Board of Works to furnish a plan of or
namentation of Van Ness avenue. All In
terested parties are requested to be pres
ent; when it comes up v again.
The applications of the Market Street
Railway Company and the Presidio and
Ferries Railroad Company for certain
street railway franchises were also laid
over for one week.
Would Raise Market-Street Grade.
The Board of Works adopted a resolu
tion yesterday recommending to the
Board of Supervisors the raising of the
grades on Market street, between Van
Ness avenue and Twelfth street. The
gTadcs will be raised about one foot
throughout.
The board revoked the permission here
tofore granted to Frank Slmonard to till
In the roadway of Grove and Fulton
streets, between Central and Masonic
avenues. Street Superintendent Heath
reported that Slmonard was not comply
ing with his permit.
C. P. Brant and F. J. Byington were ap
polntc-d inspectors of building, without
compensation.
Electrical Department Needs.
W. R. Hewitt, chief of tho Department
of Electricity, notified' the Auditor yester
day that he would require $161,725 to con
duct his office during the next fiscal year.
Of this oust S94.200 is for salaries and
wages, $2525 for keep' for horses and $64,000
for new .construction in underground dis
trict No. 3 and repairs. Hewitt also askn
for $40,000 to equip the new central flro
alarm and police telegraph office In the
City Hall and $6000 for new equipment at
the Harbor police station. Hewitt figures
on the rental of 357 telephones for all
municipal departments at $9433 ./and five
additional telephones at $300.
ST. THOMAS. D. W. I., March 27.— Tha
Danish cruiser Valkyrian left Bt. Thomas to
day on a fortnight's cruise. She will call at
Kingston and Port au Prince, after which *h<s
will return born-.
Special Treasury Agent George E.
Channlng has returned from an official
visit to Nogales and El/ Paso. He reports
a large Immigration pouring into the bor
der settlements from the Northern States.
The newcomers are going into the raising
of cotton and cattle.
Special Agent Charming Returns.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Minnie Theuerkauf of San Jose to J. P.
Chrlstensen of this city. The wedding
will take place April 19 at the home of the
bride's parents.
the Manhattan Hotel in New York City.
* * . •
Miss May Perkins of Portland is visit
ing Mrs. G. E. Bates of 626 Post street.
Mr. and Mrs. James W. Keeney are at
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Sewell are about to
leave for New York.
Mrs. George R. Wells, Miss Juanlta
Wells, Miss Marie "Wells and Miss Oge
sailed Wednesday for Tahiti. They have
been looking forward to the trip for some
time. . . *
• • *
• • • ,
Mrs. Lloyd Tevls is slowly convalescing,
although It will be some time before she
can get about. Her long and serious ill
ness has been a source of great anxiety to
her family and friends. Her daughter-in
law, Mrs. William S. Tevis, remained but
a day at Bakersfleld to entertain Mrs.
Herman Oelrlchs and returned to the city.
Mrs. Tevis' children are enjoying a stay
at their mountain ranch.
A VERY pretty luncheon was given
yesterday by Mrs. William Hlnck
ley Taylor at the residence of her
mother, Mrs. Kittle, at Steiner
street and Pacific avenue. Tho
guests of honor were Mrs. M.Hopkins and
Mrs. Benedict of New York. It was a white
and green luncheon and the decorations
were in excellent taste. Covers were laid
for; ten. The other guests were: Mrs.
Georgo Boyd, Mrs. Wlnslow, Mrs - Knight,
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs. Wilson,
Mrs. Crockett and Mrs. Eleanor Martin.
~ • . * *. • •
Mrs. Lovell White will be tendered a
delightful breakfast, in the marble, room
of the Palace Hotel on Easter Monday
by a number of friends.
• . • *
Mrs. Hugh Tevls returned to her home
at Monterey on Wednesday. She arrived
on Tuesday, unaccompanied, and re
mained in this city only one day. Mrs.
Tevis stayed at the Hotel Richelieu.
BEAUTIFUL ] YOUNG WIDOW*
WHO MADE A FLYING VISIT
TO THIS CITY.
Martin Lyons. 01.3 per cent; Thomas L.. To
bln, 00.45: Charle* M. Janes. 8«5.25: Marcus
Anderson, 85.(3; Daniel A. Sylvester, 83.25;
Euirene R. Wall, 84.03; William E. Dlnan. 84.0;
Gcorife 8. Kaotman, 84.83; David W. Boyd,
81.45; Frederick P. Green, 84 4; Wlllinm J.
Mulltndtr. K4.35; Htnry J. O'Day 83.0; Ed
ward F. \Var<^ 83.25; Philip B. Fraher. 83.2;
James K. McOovern, 83; William M. Ho*n,KU.70;
Jamwi J. Farrell. 82.C: Churlea J. Blrtlsall,
P2.K3; Michael J. Griffin. 82.40; John J.
UMcra, 82.35; William Callinan. 82.15; Wil
liam D. Ferguson. 82: John M. Morrlsspy. 82;
John Ralnsbury, 81.05; Patrick H. McGpc,
si.Wl; Gtorffe W. Lak*. 81.1); Thomna A. Ati-hl
ton, 61.83; John I* Murphy. S1.0; Anton J. F.
NoltlnK. Nl.M; John P. Herilhy, 81.3; Arthur
D. Kayn«\ 81; Robert P. do Qulr«. 80.05; Dun
ran Mathpson. 80.SS; John J. Mortarty, 80. 6:
Jamea McOowan, 80.4; Nell Heanion, 80.2;
John W. llawes, S0.1: Vlncrnt F. Dowd, 80;
Jeremiah V. Dlnan, 70.05: Martin T. Cooney,
7».»5; Stephen V. Bunner. Ttf.O: Peter K.
O'Keeffe. 70.(53; Peter J". ,Keya, 78.4; Robert
A. Coulter 70.25: David M. «eavls, 70.2;
"Wado H. Clay. 70.15: Thoman Rourke, 79.1;
Peter S. Chappclle, 70.05; Pet*r A. Glllin, 70;
Edward F. Leonard. 78.«5; William It. Van
Keuren. 78.6; John B. Berrle. 78.0; Hamilton
H Dobbin, 78.4; Henry N. Potter. 78.25; Frank
A. Fontana, 78.2: William H. Cannon. 78.15;
Michael Carroll. 78.1; Charles W, Goodwin,
78.05; John McGreevy, 77.1>5; Richard L. Ingr
ham. 77.0; Harry P. Bralg, 77.75; John B.
Charleston 77.0; John W. Caples. 77.6: Or
man H Knight. 77.55; James J. Reavis. 77.45;
Everett W. Gardiner. 77.35; Hiram S. Hutch
ing*. 77.3; Peter J. Mitchell, 77.2; Maurice J.
O'Callaghan. 70.65; John P. Collins. 70.35;
Lewis C. Clark. 70.15; Patrick J. O'Donnell.
76.05; Wilson D. Scott. 75.95; Peter A. Peshon.
75.7; James J. McEntee. 75.45; Frank A. Ly
cett. 75.45; James F.'Sheehan. 75.35; John C.
Laws. 75.3; Patrick N. Herlihy, 75.3; John B.
Collins, 75.25.
The result of the examination of police
men who wish promotion, the first step
being to the rank of corporal, as an
nounced by the Civil Service Commission
yesterday, shows that out of the 142 en
tered 62 failed. The eligible list reported
is as follows:
Besult of Examination for
Promotions.
Civil Service Commission Announces
POLICEMEN ELIGIBLE
TO BECOME CORPORALS
There are many investors who have re
ceived letters from Secretary Deane who
have reason to know that they have been
swindled. They | have no recourse except
by criminal prosecutions against the
parties who sold them their shares under
fraudulent pretenses where the companies
have passed out of existence.
It has become known that certain
parties in this city, operating with- Pike &
Co. in. the East, went into a wholesale
business in the underwriting of shares of
worthless companies. By reason of their
agency these parties took large blocks of
stock for their own share of the deal and
these have been sold in the East by the
use of full page advertisements and by
other devices by which scoundrels man
age to get • away the money of the un
wary. Some of the shares in the com
panies that are known here to have been
absolutely only paper concerns are still
being sold in the East.
There Is a great'stlr in the East con
cerning stocks in California oil companies
judging by the floods of letters of inquiry
that are burdening the mails. Investors
from about every Eastern State are wrlt
tlng both to State Mineralogist Aubury
and Secretary C. T. Deane of the Cali
fornia Petroleum Miners' Association,
asking about the value of stocks they
have been led to purchase. According to
the estimate of Secretary Deane there
are 2500 less California oil companies in
existence now than there were two years
ago. A large share of these now defunct
companies sold stock in the East and tne
letters indicate that some of the com
panies placed many thousands of dollars'
worth of their stock. State Mineralogist
Aubury and Secretary Deane are both
compelled to write in answer to inquiries
that hundreds of the companies have
ceased to exist and. investors have lost all
their money. Some companies never own
ed any land nor even a lease, v
Jolting the Jolts has therefore not be
come the most successful and popular of
Eports.
The Board of Works has yet another
complaint to face, for it has deliberately
allowed Van Ness avenue to become the
dumping ground for heaps of cobble
stones and other masonry, making one of
the handsomest thoroughfares in the city
a positive eyesore. The residents along
the avenue are stirred to indignation
over such astounding action on the part
of the board and protest in the most vig
orous manner against turning any part
of it into a corporation stone yard.
Folks are asking, "What is the matter
¦with Manson? What is wrong with Men
dell? What has happened to Casey?"
Another member of the Board of Works
is Marsden Manson, who. with tho rare
eccomplishment of a civil enirtneer. is
quite aware that the state of some of tho
streets of the city, and especially the
two popular avenues so much used by
drivers, is deplorably bad; and Michael
Casey, the other member of the board,
knows well the disadvantages of bad
roads. He is president of the Teamsters'
Union and for years was a teamster hlm
eelf. and can therefore appreciate the dlf-
Jcrence between a good and a bad read.
Besides the . ccrp* of inspectors" of
streets, there are special inspectors who
are supposed to report on the condition
of the thoroughfares. •
Some of these officials are in receipt
of $100 a month, and are supplied with
horses and bugggies that they may the
better make their inspections, while other
inspectors are receiving $125 a month,
paying their own expenses in getting
around the city. Surely with a corps of
supposedly efficient officials the present
condition if not known to the board
should be reported without delay. Some
one is delinquent in the department and
at the risk of the lives of many of the
citizens who are pardonably clamoring
for instant repairs upon Van Ness and
Golden Gate avenues.
New Sport Not Popular.
The Board of Works is Just as gen
erous with the Jolts on Golden Gate ave
rue, for in that locality matters assume
an even more exciting condition. Instead
or the hunchback crossings, drivers have
the privilege of seeing thetr horses take
a leap and often a stumble over the de
pressions in the asphalt that in some
way resembles a fox hunting scene. It
Is invigorating sport, is Jolting the Jolts,
in the much traveled localities, where it
occurs every day in the week, Sundays
included. It is an exhilarating, exciting
sight.
Hut there are some who take exception
to the conditions, and in no uncertain
voice condemn the gentlemen who hold
cilice and who are receiving the people's
money to eee to it that the thorough
lares of the city, are kept in perfect or
tier; that they be not a danger to the
driver or the pedestrian; that the necks
of the people are not put in danger of
a wrench, and that horses, valuable or
otherwise, may draw their load without
the possibility of a serious spill.
The Board of Works knows well the
conditions, and the president of the
board. Colonel George Mendell, with the
vast experience of a designer of Govern
ment fortifications and harbor defenses
and great breakwaters, must wonder at
himself when he twinkles at the uneven,
Ellpshod. dangerous, not-to-be-excusod
condition of two very important ave
nues of the city.
Resembles Fox Hunting-.
Jolting the Jolts is the In tost pastime
invented and patented by the Board of
Public Works of the city of San Francisco.
Jolting: the Jolts Is meant to rival Ping
Pong and "Chuting" the Chutes. There
is nothing like It In any other well-rcg
flated city in the great Union. Conse
quently the patentee is pardonably elated
with its new offering to the lovers of
genuine sport.
Jolting the Jolts is enjoyed by the driv
er* of San Francisco, for whom, indeed,
the exciting game is allowed to remain
in existence. The grounds upon which
Jolting the Jolts is enjoyed are on Van
>le?s and Golden Gate avenues.
A description, of the game is necessary:
Owners ot valuable horses and hand&ome
vehicles before leaving their homes to
level in the new sport usually taKe out
an accident insurance policy, tor there is
r.o telling what may happen.
They then proceed to the avenues des
ignated and tue sport commences. The ex-
spots are at the various crossings, ln
aeed there is not a crossing on Van Ness
avenue that is level wiih the general
foadbed, and consequently the wabbly
pane of Jolting the Jolts is uninterrupt
ed, and, more, it is attended with a dan
ger to the .neck of the horse and the
fpinal column of the driver and occu
pants of the carriages, buggies and wag
ons, that meets exactly with the excit
ing -conditions looked lor. .
Chairman Braunhart announced that
City Attorney Lane is working on his
opinion in answer to questions regarding
the acquisition of the Geary-street road
as a municipal road and will probably
render it by next Thursday's meeting of
the committee,- when the matter will be
taken up. The proposed. Improvement of
Telegraph Hill and the acquisition of new
schoolhouses will be considered at the
stime/time. .*¦:
Sunnyslde District, eight-class school, $40,
000; Mission, Five-mile District, twelve-class
school. $C0,000; South San Francisco District,
slxteen-class school, $100,000; Nuevo Potrero
District, fourteen-class school. ?80;000; Eureka
Valley' and Park -Lane District, elght-clasa
school $40,000; Ocean View District, twelve
class school, $00,000; Precita Valley District,
eight-class school, $40,000.
The committee also recommended the
transfer of a school lot on Sixteenth street
hetween Noe and Sanchez streets to tne
Public Library Trustees as a site for a
branch library. The Supervisors are to
purchase a lot In the neighborhood of Six
teenth and Noe streets to replace the lot
transferred. The Board of Education was
requested to report available sites for *l<a
erection of new schoolhouses proposed to
be acquired by bond issues. Consideration
of new schoolhouses will be taken up r.t
next Thursday's meeting.
The communication of the Federation
ot Mission Improvement Clubs, designat
ing where new schoolhouses are needed
in the Mission, South San Francisco and
Potrero districts was referred to the
Finance Committee. The list follows:
Now Schoolhouses Needed.
President Denman of the Eoard of Edu
cation said that he deemed the Fifth and
Market street site as the best location for
a library, but not the best for a public
school. Trustee John H. Wise of the Pub
lic Library said that he favored the Fifth
street site since the Mechanics Pavilion
offer had been withdrawn.
J. Aubrey Jones, who has offered to sell
a block f<n Van Ness avenue, between
Grove and Fulton streets, for the library
site, objected to the selection of the Fifth
street site because of the noisy surround
ings. Dr. C. D. Salfleld favored the Van
Ness avenue site and opposed the Fifth
street site o:i the ground that he did not
believe In "removing a monument to
the hero of the War of the Rebellion to
replace It by a monument to the hero of
Homestead." •'
L. M. King, secretary of the Merchants
Association, favored the Fifth street site,
provided the condemnation of the leases
on the stores did not cost too much.
School Director Roncovlerl favored the
use of the whole Lincoln School site for
the 'library. Supervisor Wynn opposed
the Fifth street site because it would pre
vent the people'from expressing their de
sires at the polls as to whether or not
they are in favor of accepting Carnegie's
often The only way to let the people
have a voice is to purchase a new site,
for which bonds would have to be Issued,
Bald Wynn.
The Public Library Trustees petitioned
the committee to recommend that in
making up the next tax levy the library
be allowed the maximum rate allowed
by the charter of 2ft cents, on $100, which
would net $100,000. Of this amount the
Trustees pledge themselves to expend be
tween $&*>.C0(.- and $37,000 In the purchase of
branch sites. Under this arrangement the
Trustees believe that suitable sites could
be secured at lens cost than under a bond
issue. Tho communication was referred
to the Finance Committee.
Fifth-Street Site.
The Supervisors' Public Utilities Com
mittee recommended ¦ yesterday that the
Lincoln School lot, consisting of 175 feet
frontage on Fifth street with a depth of
275 feet, be transferred from the School
Department to the Trustees of the Public
Library for the purpose of erecting there- ,
on the main library building, for the con
structlon of which Andrew Carnegie has
donated the sum of $750,000. The building
will be known as the "San .Francisco Pub
lic Library." In selecting the site the
committee has eliminated entirely the
frontage on Market street, on which are
stores from which the city collects $4000
monthly In rentals.
The members of the Board of Educa
tion, who were present when the declsloi.
was taken, agreed to the transfer of the
school property with the proviso that the"
Board of Supervisors make provision for
the purchase of a site for a building to
replace the Lincoln School in the vicinity
of Seventh and Howard streets. Shouid
the site recommended be accepted by the
Board of Supervisors, it will obviate the,
necessity ot submitting the proposition to
a vote of the "yecple, v/hich would have
to be done if a new site •were purchased
by bond issue.
Thousands of Dollars Are
Lest in Companies
•?• ¦ Now Defunct
Board of Works Furnishes
Horsemen With a Novel
Pastime.
Supervisors' Committee
Favors the Lincoln
School Lot.
Board of • Education Will
Report on Locations for
Schoolhouses.
Eastern Parties Who Are
«i Owners
Make Stir.
Van Ness and Golden
Gate Avenues Scenes
of Sport.
. . . . ¦ ¦ , . ,
Gives Pretty Luncheon at the Residence of Her
Mother on Steiner Street and Pacific Avenue
in Honor of Mrs. Hopkins and Mrs. Benedict
SELECT PUBLIC
LIBRARY SITE
JOLT THE JOLTS,
CITY'S NEW GAME
MRS. WILLIAM HINCKLEY TAYLOR
ENTERTAINS NEW YORK FRIENDS
SICK MAN WEDS
DEVOTED NURSE
Romantic Night Mar
riage of Dr. C. S. Nel
lis to Miss Reddy.
Groom Is Wealthy Physician
and Bride a Well-Known
Teacher.
Suffering untold tortures from aneu
rism of the heart and confined to his bed
for a period of eight • months. Dr. Col
borne S. Nellls, a well-known physician,
was married to the woman of his choice
at the Russ House at 10 o'clock Tuesday
evening. The bride was Miss Margaret
Reddy, a school teacher, and It was her
careful nursing during the past three or
four months that won the sick man's af
fection. The groom Is past sixty, but the
age of the bride is .not disclosed.
Dr. Nellla fancied that he was dying
and the Idea entered his mind that his
friend and nurse should inherit his estate,
which is said to be considerable. He
broached the subject to Miss Reddy and,
on her assenting to the proposition, a
messenger was dispatched in hot hast©
for Rev. John Stephens. A couple of the
friends of the contracting couple were
also summoned and the twain were made
one. The sick man made the customary
responses in a weak voice and It was
plain that he was in great pain. The af
fair created considerable gossip in the
hotel in which Nellis had resided for more
than twenty years.
Acting on the advice of his wife, Nellia
wa3 taken to the home .of her relatives
at 706 Pine street on Wednesday morning.
The groom received callers yesterday an<1
was congratulated upon the auspicious
event.- Nellls was very ill last night and
a report was circulated that he was dying.
When a Call reporter visited the hou^e
the inmates declined to discus? the aged
groom's condition except to say that the
publicity given the affair was most an
noying both to him and to .Mrs. Nellls.
It was learned from other sources, how
ever, that Nellis' malady is a fatal one
and that he cannot Ions survive.
Nellls lost considerable money by tha
failure of the Pacific Bank. He still has
property of considerable value, however.
When he was taken ill some eight months
ago Miss Reddy visited him frequently.
She was at that time a teacher in the
Irving Primary School, and when his con
dition became serious she devoted her
sole attention to him, with the result that
the marriage followed.
Potter Receives Gold Watch.
Leonard F. Potter, who resigned hi3 po
sition in the general freight office of the
Southern Pacific Company recently to en
ter the service of the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company, with head
quarters in Hongkong, was presented with
a handsome gold watch and fob yester
day by his associates in the railroad of
fice. Mr. Potter is very popular in this
city and takes a great interest in Na
tional Guard affairs, being a corporal In
Troop A.
SHAREHOLOEHS
GROW ANXIOUS
7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, /; M ARCH 28, 1902.
Burt M. Thomas, Special Internal Reve
nue Agent, and his wife returned from
Honolulu on the Alameda last Wednes
day. Mr. Thomas went on- official busi
ness, his duty being to "check up" tha
accounts In the revenue office at Horio<r
lulu. Both coming and going he and his
wife suffered very much from seasick
ness. I
Return of Burt M. Thomas.
LAST TIMES— TO-NIGHT, TO-MORROW and
. TO-MORROW NIGHT.
The Denver Express.
SEATS READY ;
SUNDAY NIGHT.
AL. G. FIELD.
OREATER MINSTREXA
SEATS NOW SELLINO.
WILLIAMS & WALKER'S
BIG COMPANY-
PACKED EVER* NIGHT.
MATINEES TO- MORROW and St^H>AT»
Last Three Nights of Our $1000 Star,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE. '
In Sardou's Strongest Play.
"LA TOSCA."
The Most Talked of Play of tho A*s. •
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 23c, 60c. 73a.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Next Week— "THE EMPRESS THEODORA.'*
STRENUOUS VAUDEVILLE!
Papinta; Frank Lincoln; Simon,
Gardner and Company; Tne Melani
Trio; Gorman and Keppler, and tha
Biograph, Shoeing California Pic-
tures. Last times of Fanny Bice;
Hedrix and Prescott, and Les
Troubadours Toulousians.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c. ¦
Powell Street, near Market.
OP A VTC FOR ALL, REMAINING
OLHIO PERFORMANCES now ready.
Every Nlzht. Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THIS and NEXT WEEK.
BNOR/VIOUS SUCCESS
T» U r* LJEBLER & CO.'S
I Hi f~t IMMENSE PRODUCTION,
. m . * * *-* Hall Catne's Great Play.
CHRISTIAN.
EDWARD MORGAN ¦
As John Storm (his original rol«).
Assisted by ELSIE LESLIE as Glory Quayla.
Coming— K. S. WILLARD. In "Th» Cardinal.'*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE IT.
THIS WEEK and NEXT— LAST Ot"
The Famous Musical Success,
THE
Serenade!
MONDAY. APRIL T.
"The Fortune Teller."
POPULAR PRICES— 23e. 60c and T3c
. Telephone Bush 0. ' '
fS-VH HAT R ff*O
Eelaaco & Thall. Managers.
A GREAT HIT! ' •
LAST 3 NIGHTS.
The Brightest and Cleverest Comedy This Tear.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
SEE THE PHONOGRAPH THAT ACTS!
A FUNNT SHOW— A GREAT CAST.
PRICES: 15c, 25c, 35c. 60c and 75c.
Monday— "BROTHER JOHN."
BEgASCO **"> THALCSjfefflfc
TO-NIGHT. SAT. AND SUNDAY EVENINGS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest Naval Drama Ever Written,
THEMAN=O'=
tyVARSMAN.
AN ACTUAL NAVAL BATTLE.
A Wonderful and Inspiring Scene.
Startling Climaxes. Thrilling Situations.
DD1PEC Evenings 10c. ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c
lAlvCO Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
Next Week— "THE SLEEPING CITY."
| FISCHER'S THEATER
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
WILL NOT COME. ,
BUT YOU SHOULD COME ONCE I
TO SEE WHAT WE HAVE TO OFFER. .
| LITTLE CHRISTOPHER J
Strikes the people like a whirlwind ot fun. and
it is so ably presented. Every matinee la
packed. And why? Well, because. we take good
care of the Ladies and Children. On Saturday
and Sunday we charge only 25c anywhere. At
night 23c and 50c, and all reserved.
¦ Now remember what we gay. You'll wonder
at our next, the great WEBER & FIELD'S
PLAYS. All the original things and the orig-
lnal great actors. Watch for yoarself.
NORRIS & ROWE'S
Big Trained Animal
Shows
AT THE
. MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Afternoons and Evenings at 2:15 and 8:13..
Positively the Largest.' Haricl-iomest and Best
Trained Aggregation of Animals In
• the World.
LAST PERFORMANCES ON SUNDAY t
ADMISSION— Adults. 25c: Children. 10c
Phone South 720 for Seats.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and Webster Streets.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING. MARCH 2S.
DR. STANLEY STILLMAN.
"OVERWORK."
> ADMISSION FREE.
Weekly Call,$i.00 per Tear
Oppression. Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored b j
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.'fir POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUOERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT KESTO$ATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. • • .
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic' for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. ¦
NABBR. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market St., S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
i&X. REVOLVER.
/$&$& r\ 32 or 33 Caliber.
• A&gffgrifer Like Cut. $3.75.
iSSs^yfaSjx SHREVE & BAR-
j£p2Z$£g£^§k BER CO., San
GtHr f^J&vN«ra Francisco. Guns.
Ijr V<V Yijsa Fishing Tackle and
Iftil Sporting Goods.
vBw Send for Catalogue.
H||l WONG WOO,
.LTt CHINESE TEA AND HERB
Rrj / SANITARIUM.
¦ Jjkjfov 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
A DISEASES UURKD
'Sm,,JjifS^* ™ exclusively by CtalneM
herbs. ov«r 3000 Tartetles being used Hours
0 :30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and T to 0 p. in.
1A7. X. HESS,
HOTABY POBLIO AHD ATTORHST-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claua Spreckeli Bids.
; Telephone Main 0S3.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
• AOT7SE2£j£HTS.
gj^^RACING
:^~jp!j^^S£g*«r Every Week Day—
'W ¦ Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at x2 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, -2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping ot the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no sraoklnjr. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell , Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with ¦ San Pablo avenue
electric : cars at Seventh -and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway; Oakland. These electric cars
ko direct to the track In fifteen minutes. .; :
Returning— Trains leave the track »t-4:15
and '4:45 p. m, and Immediately after the last
'"^THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHARLES F. PRICE, Secy, and M*r.'
NEW ADVEKTISEMENTS.
It Is now accepted that vaccination ren-
ders the vaccinated person exempt from
smallpox: or at worst, he never has any-
thing but the lightest kind of a case.
Now as sure a preventive and cure for
dandruff, which causes falling hair and
baldness, has been discovered— Newbro'a
Herplcide. It kills the dandruff germ.
C. H. Reed, Victor, Idaho, says: "My-
self and wife" have been troubled with
dandruff and falling hair for several
years. We tried remedies without effect
until we used Newbro's Herplcide, two
bottles of which cured us." ¦ Hundreds of
similar testimonials. - -
ness as There Is of Smallpox.
There Is as Sure Prevention of Bald-
VACCINATION AND DANDRUFF.
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Desirable location,
unsurpassed cuisine,
u n equaled ser-
vice and modern
conveniences are the
attributes that have
made these two ho-
tels popular with
tourists and travel-
ers , who visit San
Francisco. >
"^"•¦.\ ~ ; . •-¦ ; : • ¦¦¦._¦••. ¦- - . V .
1^^^^^^^ People buy shoes at Easter time because it is . M$s!r §
s^ oe time * Sensible people buy Regal shoes. ' cT$s&&gS0%g& I
" Whetner you buy for the occasion or for the season, 1
fM \**--J Mmfe^ theKegal at $3.50 is better for either purpose than l^^^^ 5
. 1 f d0W*' 1 ''' any otner S^ oe at aa Y price. ¦ : l '".¦¦ iBi/ \ I
I Regal patents made from the best imported Sw® J%- 1
I \T*^ leather and duplicating the exclusive styles of the _^^^/' J
I king calf. custom made will give you more satisfaction, ¦'¦J^^Y- : '''' J /^' % -^a 8
| more comfort and more style than any other kind on the market. / j^^^^^S i
I Nothing so appropriate for Easter and the days that follow /^ I
is offered anywhere at any pries. Regal styles originate in the J^^,: Jjr J$w I
fashion centers of New York and London. They are the styles ' m.- ' ¦¦¦¦¦[ 1^m §
of the minute. Nothing newer or more attractive will be offered 1
this spring. Only in Regals can you get these styles, because no '-'Wp' 4 I
other shoes are sold in the same time-saving, money-saving way. iJl^ II I
Every style in every size and width can be had at our San Francisco store. ¦ flgJr Ji ¦
San Francisco Store : > 1 T^E/f A I Q^^^J ET I San Francisco Store :. I
S. W. Corner 1 iw^ *-* *^ WlS yll' i S. W. Corner 8
Stockton and Geary Sts. J " SllOOS _- -— I Stocktbn : and Geary Sts. J
A3£TTS!E2£IENT8» .Prominent Men of. Auburn Form an
NOBTHEJ&N . CALIFORNIA
ASTIB FOB, { DEVELOPMENT
A man was * brought into San Rafael
to-day by one of the officers on suspicion
Of being Implicated in the firebug work.
He was -placed under a "sweating" pro
cess for nearly an hour, but nothing defi
nite could be ascertained and he was re
leased. " . . ,. ¦ . ¦ -
The latest developments In the matter
are that a. man suspected of being impli
cated was taken in custody and the large
new- hay barn of James Cassldy was dis
covered prepared to be fired. Al -lost four
months ago Cassldy lost a barn by fire,
and' Indications " pointed conclusively to
Incendiaries. The " structure was rebuilt,
however, by. the owner and only' recently
restocked.
To-day one of the special detectives dis
covered that kerosene had been scattered
along the barn boards on the outside of
the building. It- was found to be identi
cal with the preparation made on Mur
ray's livery stable two nights ago. The
oil was fresh and It is believed was ap
plied some time last night or this morn
ing. It gave evidence of having been
scattered from a bottle.
SAN RAFAEL, March 27.— Even though'
special detectives are , actively at work In
this city, the firebugs are likewise busily
engaged in. their nefarious vocation. • .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, March 27.— Litigation in
volving approximately $3,000,000 has been
brought to an end. by an agreement
reached to-day for. the consolidation of
the Daly "West Mining Company and the
Quincy Mining Company, both of Park
City. Utah. The Daly West Company is
to increase its capitalization and take
over the Quincy company. The former
company is paying dividends at the rate
of $00,000 a month! and the latter
pany at the rate of $125,000 a month.
Although no official announcement has
been made It is understood that the Daly
"West will increase its capitalization from
150,000 shares to 200,000 shares, the 50,000
additional being issued to the Quincy
shareholders. The Daly West, which is
owned largely in Cincinnati, New York
and Boston, being listed on the Boston
Exchange, has the larger territory. The
Quincy, owned by Michigan and Utah
holders, is a small but , extremely rich
mine. Both are producers of silver, lead,
gold and copper.
On the strength of the prospects of an
agreement Daly West stock has jumped
In two days on the Salt Lake Exchange
from $30 to $36 a share, closing strong this
affrnoon. The various lawsuits which
have been brought on both sides will be
dismissed. The Daly West Company
brought suit about a month ago against
Special Detectives Pail
I to Find Marin In
cendiary.
Daly West and Quincy
Companies Reach an
Agreement.
MINING DISPUTE
IS COMPROMISED
BUSY FIREBUG
ELUDES POLICE
the Quincy Company for $1,009,000, claim-
Ing that the latter corporation had been
unlawfully extracting ore from Daly
West ground. The plaintiff company
shortly before had reincorporated under
the laws of Colorado in order to bring
suit in the Federal court. The Quincy
Company filed an answer, claiming the
apex of the lode and demanding $1,000,OOJ
from the Daly West for mining on its
lode. Several other suits were filed, mak
ing the total amount in litigation $3,000,
000. Injunctions were granted stopping
all mining in the disputed territory, cur
tailing the output of both mines. Corps
of experts were engaged by both sides
and preparations were made for a bitterly
fought and long drawn out legal battle.
The litigation became complicated and it
was estimated that at least $250,000 would
be spent in legal expenses. A couple of
weeks ago negotiations were opened for
a compromise, resulting to-day in an
agreement. - "
MANILA, March 27.— At the continuation to-day of the trial by court-martial of Major
Waller of the marine corps for the execution, without trial;- of natives on Samar Island,
Va native scout by the name of Smoke was on. the stand. Smoke testified to the exist
ence of a plot among the native leaders of the Waller expedition' to murder Major
Waller and Lieutenant Williams. He said that when the marines had rations they:, shared
them with the natives. The scout also said that he 'personally had suffered severely from
General Smith, who is in command of the American forces in the island of Samar, had
a three-hour interview yesterday with the insurgent general, Guevarra, and several officers of
his command. Guevarra succeeded General- Lukban asinsurgent leader in Samar, and has sig- '
< nified his intention of surrendering to the American authorities. It was arranged between
General Smith and General Guevarra that the latter, with the entire force tinder his command, v
and all their rifles, would surrender April 15. The serviceable rifles to be turned. over number
250; of these 125 are Krag-Jorgensens. .General Smith, referring to his interview yesterday,
said he was surprised at Guevarra's bearing, and that the leader impressedhim as being a man
of resources and devoted to a high purpose. . >
Sensational Testimony Is Given in Defense of Major Waller»--Lukban J s
Successor Is Arranging to Surrender.
SCOUT TESTIFIES THAT THERE WAS A PLOT
AMONG NATIVES TO MURDER AMERICAN OFFICERS
SAN RAFAEL, March 27.— As a result
of the arrests made yesterday, of certain
Sausalito persons for alleged regis
tration another warrant -was Issued to
day, but by one of the alleged illegal reg
istors. Benjamin F: Rellly swore to a
complaint charging- M. M. Gopchelrtch
with perjury. GbpVhelrtch was employed
as a detective by the Municipal Improve
ment Club, or "anti-poolroomltea," to fer
ret out illegal voters. Reilly was one of
seven to suffer and was arrested yester
day on the charge. From assertions made
to-night the anti-poolroom.^ people will
have more warrants issued, while In each
case the gamblers- will. contest and coun
ter-charge the complainants, with perjury.
Makes Counter-Charge . of Perjury.
Junior class festivities will continue to
morrow, Junior day, with the interclass
field day in the morning, a baseball same
between the varsity -nine and .the San
Francisco- League team In the afternoon
¦and' the "Prom,", the junior class dance,
in the evening. To-morrow; is the, first
day of the midsemester vacation.
The plot centered around the actions of
Alfred Martlno, a Stanford student, who
falls asleep in 1903 and does not awake
until one thousand years later. He then
tails in lpve with a girl who Is a de
scendant of a co-ed whom he had wooed
in 1903. In this affair he has a rival in
PktOpj-- the Prince of Tahiti, who comes
from \..d - home to the | university every
day in an' airship. ." -
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 27.—
The junior farce, "Pkwtnopju," presented
to-night by the class of 1903, drew one of
the largest' audiences ever seen in the
Ahse-irbly Hall. The cast was composoo.
entirely of students, and the act^ig of
the amateur players was extremely
clever. The histrionic ability displayed
by Waldemar Young '04 and Miss. Claire
Soule '04, who^took the leading parts,
was particularly creditable. The farce
was replete with local hits, the audience
teing kept in continual merriment.
Junior Farce Is Presented by Capable
Players and Results Success
fully. ,..
THESPIANS AT STANFORD
ADD TO THE MERRIMEN]
ASSASSIN KILLS
AGED CHINESE
Defenseless Man Shot
• Down in a Bakers
field Hut.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSF1ELD. March 27.— Chuey Tun
Get, an aged Chinese garbage man, was
shot to death some time last night in a
shack Just south of the Jewett place, on
Jewett lane.
The body was discovered this afternoon
by a Chinese laborer. It was in a huddled
position, face downward, on the dirt floor
of the shanty. - Get had received his death
wound in the back,' the bullet having
ranged upward and coming out at the
throat. A second wound was discovered
In the murdered man's 'hand, and on the
dirt floor two bullets were found.
Near the body a pistol was found with
three cartridges exploded. The officers
say this was left as a "blind," as a num
ber of cartridges of different caliber were
scattered about the floor. There is no dew
to the Identity or whereabouts of the
murderer.
. The opinions of the Authorities differ as
to the crime, some saying the deed wa3
committed by a highbinder, while others
are inclined to the belief that robbery
was the motive. An inquest will be held.
Fastest Sail Across Pacific.
PORT TOWNSEND, Ma/ch 27.— A ma
rine race of more than ordinary import
ance, owing .to the fact that both vessel3
broke all previous records, terminated to
day by the arrival of the schooners Sa
lona and Fearless from Shanghai. The
Salona's time from the Yangtse Kiang
River to Cape Flattery was twenty-three
days, and that of the Fearless twenty
three and one-half days, the former ves
sel making the fastest sailing time across
the Pacific on record. The previous record
was made by the schooner Aida in twen
ty-flve days. The Fearless had her fore
topmast carried away during a gale.
The matter was reported to the police
by J. F. 'Hall of the Falace Bakery, a
friend of the family, to whom Mrs. Mar
tin telephoned from Madera. The descrip
tion given is that of a girl -of 19, weight
IIS pounds, 5 feet 5 Inches tall and with
auburn hair.' It Is believed that she did
not reach Oakland at all, but may have
got lost in San Francisco.
Oakland Office San : Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 27.
MfssMary Martin, 19 yeUrs fft age, has
dropped out of .sight somewhere between
San Rafael and -Oakland, and the police
of this ? clty have been asked to" find her.
The young '. lady, was .employed at the
Grand Central Hotel in; San Rafael, and
left that city on Monday evening to come
to Oakland. Sho never arrived here, as
far as known, and her mother, who lives
in Madera, has, with a. fear born of the
Nora. Fuller case, asked the police to try
to find her. '" r --V'
Boards Train for Oakland and
Friends See No More
of Her.
Mary Martin; 19, of San
-Rafael Strangely
Disappears.
TRIES TO BURN
FATHER'S HOUSE
Nevada Man Adds to a
-Long List of Serious
Crimes.
Eescuers Take Him From
Room Where. He Hoped
to Perish.
Epeclal DlrTatch to The Call.
t
WHCNEMUCCA, Nev., March 27.-Bert
Campbell, who is well kno^ra to the police
of Nevada and California, has been in
dicted by the Humboldt County > Grand
Jury on a charge of Incendiarism. The
complaint was lodged against the prisoner
by his father, a highly respected and
wealthy resident of UntonviHe, located a
few miles south of this place.
'Several nights ago Campbell, while In
a flt of drunken rage. . lired his father'*
home after having driven the parent lntb
the street. The lncenfilary remained In
the burning structure and would have
perished had he not been overpowered and
dragged to a place of safety. Neighbors,
who came at the call of the elder Camp
bell, performed the work of rescue and
extinguished the flaraes after consider
able damage had beea don*.
Campbell was raised in Eureka, Nev.
In 1893 he was convicted of murder in the
second degree and sentenced to San Quen
tia Prison for life. The crime for which
he received this sentence attracted con
siderable attention at the time it was
.committed. Campbell, then but 19 years
of age, in company with, another young
roan, robbed and Killed^^ Chinese in a
California town, throwing his body after
ward Into a river. Through the influence
of friends in this State Campoell obtained
a pardon. -
In 1S98 he enlisted in the Nevada cav
alry troop from Eureka County. While
In San Francisco and before the depart
ure of the troop for the Philippines Camp
bell committed an act of insubordination
and was punished by being dishonorably
discharged from the army and sentenced
to several months' lmDrisotLme-nt on Al
catraz Island. After being released the
discharged soldier returned to his fath
er's home in Unionville and since has
been a terror in the community.
Several days ago Campbell came home
drunk and commenced to abuse his
father. He then announced a desire to
reduce the house to ashes. He piled a
quantity of combustible material in a
closet and ignited it. The father at
tempted to thwart the efforts of his son,
but was threatened with death and was
driven from the house. When neighbors
arrived they found the young man sur
rounded by smoke and flames and declar
ing his intention of remaining until he
perished. After a sharp struggle he was
overpowered and turned over to the au
thorities. Justice of the Peace Davidson
of Unionville held the prisoner to answer
to the Grand Jury for his crime and he
¦was sent to this town, where he was
locked up in the County Jail. The Grand
Jury, after a short deliberation, brought
in an Indictment. ¦¦¦'f-v
Convicted of Bribery.
ST. IX)UIS. March 27.— Emil II. Mey
senburg, member of the House of Dele
gates, was this evening convicted of
bribery in connection with suburban street
railway franchise legislation, and his pun
ishment fixed at three years in the peni
tentiary.
Mrs. Dewey Is Much Better.
MACON, Ga., March 27,— A letter re
ceived from Admiral Dewey, at Palm
Beach, Fla.. says that Mrs. Dewey Is
much better and on the way to complete
recover}'.
ONE MORE GIRL
AMONG MISSING
>HE ; SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAEGH 2^, 1902.
Owing to the dry season, navigation up
the Nile by steamers will be stopped four
weeks earlier than. usual.
.The Oregon authorities have requested
Sheriff Brown to hold the prisoner until
the arrival of an officer with requisition
papers. Reed is still at large and Feath
erstone denies knowing of his where
abouts. ..-ii- ;,
The two men left jail about a month
ago. They made their way south through
the Slskiyou Mountains by nl^ht. They
kept away . from the railroad and must
have gone hungry for days. Lying. In
hiding by day and often losing their way.
they finally readied the Klamath River.
They stole a boat and began to travel to
ward the coasts They were forced to rob
numerous cabins along the stream for
provisions, and thus the officers got a
clew to their trail. They left the river
several times, but always returned. Final
ly they got work In a Fortuna lumber
camp.
• An Oregon Sheriff mailed a descriptive
circular, offering $100 reward for each of
the. men. Featherstone ha« a large red
blotch, a birthmark, on his neck, which
betrayed his identity. Sheriff Brown was
notified by a fellow workman In the camp
at Fortuna. ¦
REDDING, March 27.— The sufferings of.
Thomas Featherstone and N. M. Reed,
the men who' "broke jail at Jacksonville,
Or., lend more interest to the remarkable
story of their effort to escape the con
fining unpleasantness of prls«n bars and
the not altogether delectable flavor of
penitentiary provender.
Featherstone was captured at Fortuna,
Humbqtft County, and Reed Is still enjoy
ing the. sweet air of a liberty that the
law has not allowed him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prisoners Who Left an
Oregon Jail Suffer
BRAVE PERILS
FOR FREEDOM
GEORGETOWN, Ohio. March 27.— The en
tire business portion . of Bethel was destroyed
by fire last- night. Loss $50,000. . ; . .
SACRAMENTO, March 27.— Upper Sac
ramento Valley communities are organiz
ing to work in conjunction with the Sac
ramento Chamber of Commerce In the
work of advertising and promoting the
development of the resources of that sec
tion of the State. , . "~
At a meeting at Auburn an organiza
tion, was formed, covering the Placer
County interests, the officers being: . J.
M. lTulweller, president;- J. F. Madden,
vice president;. — . Robie, treasurer; J. H.
Wills, secretary; Robert Hector, chair
man of the committee, on advertising, In
formation and immigration; Fred Brye,
chairman of the commlltee on. ways and
means: W. J. Freeman, chairman of the
committee on reception, and J. F. Mtid
denv chairman of the committee on Placer
County advertising. ' ,
Vice President Madden has already had
a conference with Manager H. A. French
of the Sacramento Chamber of Commerce,
at which plans for co-operative action
were discussed. The Newcastle Develop
ment Association . also met to further
similar co-operative work. ' ¦ ¦)
Organization to Advance Busi
ness Interests.
8
,";Jte_ ; l$arley=Malt s
Hops,
Perfect Yeast,
¦^^^^l Filtered Wat er,
V . |w^ This combination makes
the "King of 'Bottled 'Beers/ 0 Every bottle Is
labeled and every corK is plainly branded
'"Budtoeiser," so there can be no substitute.
Th» product of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A. '' .
BrtVtrs abo of Black 6 Tan. Anheuaer-Standard. Pale-Laser,
Faust. Export Pale. Exquisite. Michelob and MaU-ftutrin;
All order* promptly, filled by
E. G. LYONS & BAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.
BBBBgMgWa«BgC«M ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ HUBHBHgHHnBBHaHBHaHHaaBBBHHHMBBBBBBtftaBBBIBHBa ¦nBBBHBBBBWBBBaMaBBBaMBMaBaBBBmMBHaMHHBBBBHHMBH^
m ; < ¦¦*. : 9 Q : : ¦ : — : — — ; — : — : — — —r- — — ¦ — - — — — ¦ , . . o 9 ¦
s 8 n 1 W3,s troubled witfr^p • i
a ¦¦• . '?¦• ¦ : .V ; . r • • ' '. ¦ ¦ v.. : • o- / 5 • :; a
¦ • • -; ;: ¦ ¦ *?¦<;} ' ,. ' . v -> . /. ¦¦¦ v .* . • i '..¦¦ , ' ;¦"[- ¦ .• ._. .•..¦¦'• ;¦ .¦ ' ¦ , ¦ 0 . ¦ "
I i • stomach* ' I had no appetite, could not sleep, A sister of mine advised : 1
¦ mi " • ' ' * " - ™™ ¦ *** ¦ * ' - ' tmm ' ' ¦ '''•--•'•: ' "' "*" ".¦¦'-* * ----- _ . qgp j gjj
¦ ; s I me to try Ripans TaBules. They have entirely cured me, I take one^ | |
I i S every night and morning and they just keep me right and regular, «^ S> ... j |
I l;,v ¦...' ¦"¦ /' . ¦¦:• • '• '"'•"•'.' '••,'•¦• - ' > T vr r : :--~r "¦¦¦'¦¦¦-¦'¦- : .¦'¦,>-:¦-:-¦' /¦- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦. ¦ . : '-,:.' 2
g ; . AT drtl^^lSTS • ¦'Xll©. ¦i^lV©Tw.Gtlv': : ]p&CK * ! I
¦ i: The family to^ I
\ ADVERTISE JGBNTS.,' William Schulz,: .proprietor .of , a fish
EKui»6 *t.U76 Twentieth street; bad 'U*
Injured by; a 'Runaway .Horse.
OAKLAND, March : 27.— Licenses to
marry were issued to-day to SarmanSelva,
aged 29, and Alexander Pelra.: 18, both of
Oakland; Eddla E. ? Hoffman, 21, San
Francisco, and Bertha A.'Pierson, 18, Aia-
SMi^t •'- Cfi'-.'visv- 1 ">' '£'¦<.??' '¦ ? '¦¦' ' -t > - ¦¦"•"•¦¦*-¦' "-v.-^.
Licensed to ( Marry.
The Hlckmott Asparagus Canning Com
pany" and"- the Voo*rmah Company," 'owners
of Bouldin Island in the Sacramento
River, applied for an Injunction yesterday
restraining the California Navigation and
Improvement '.Company from landing Us
M-sels.. at Jh.e.ls.IanartQ^take. off ; the; xrrod-
Object to Landing of Steamers.
George Calbrath and Frank ;Fcrd, 20
and 17 years of ase respectively, appeared
before Judge Cabaniss. yesterday on a
charge of' burglary; They were "accused
of entering the premises of the; Pacific
Saw Manufacturing Company; 110 ' Bealo
street, on March 10. The Judge convicted
them of petty, larceny and sentenced Col
brath to five months In the County Jail
•sU iTosO. to tbacc sauaUiei. . :.
Sentenced for Petty Larceny.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes T
terday rendered a decision in the suit of
A. D. Moore, as executor of the estate
of his deceased wife. Frances Moore." vs.
The Bank of British Columbia. Suit was
brought for>the recovery from the bank
of 6000 shares of stock of the Sanger Lum
bei Company. Judge Morrow decided that
the bank must surrender the 5000 shares
to the plaintiff on the payment by him
to the bank of $68,000. The bank had
demanded- 598.750.' - ;¦•; V - ,.*¦ ¦•
Moore Wins His Suit.
City Attorney Lane advised the Fire
Commissioners yesterday that'a substi
tute fireman Is entitled to receive pay at
the rate of $80 per month, which is the
salary of a "first year fireman." In other
words such temporary . appointee ? should
receive the same salary he. would receive
were ¦ he at such , time appointed , to full
membership in the' department. •• ¦-
' The Fire Commissioners have contract
ed with the American Fire Engine Com
pany s for an engine to cost *5625, local
firms having declined to bid.
Pay of Substitute Firemen.
Margaretha , Schwerdt is suing George
TJhl and Wl'.helmina Street, her . son and
daughter, for a life interest In a piece of
property at . Sixth and Stevenson street.
She alleges that she deeded; the property,
which she ; acquired through her, marriage
to her late husband, to her children, with
the understanding , that she was to j hold
a life interest In the property. She charges
in the complaint .Uhat'.Uhl, who .'had' the
deed made out, complied with her instruc
tions so far as the division of the prop
erty. between 1 . himself and his sister .was
concerned, but neglected to ; provlde'for
her life interest. She further charges that
Uhl, who she claims acted ¦ as , her sole
advisor, - took' advantage of his position
to; destroy her; rights in the premises. 1
Claims a Life Interest.
The suit of Joseph Stanley against Mrs.
Mary Gleason, mother-in-law, of the late
I. W. Stanley, was commenced in Judge
Hebbard's court yesterday. The plaintiff.
who, as a brother of the deceased, was
entitled to one-fourth of decedent's estate,
assigned his claim against the estate to
Mrs. ' Gleason,* because the latter .alleged
that there were no assets to meet tho
payment of two ; notes executed by Stan
ley .-which she held. He bases his ¦ suit
on the ground that the notes are forg
eries. /Judge Hibbard took the case under
advisement. ; -' ¦
Claims Notes Are Forgeries.
Slides from the Photographic Society of Phila
delphia, the Bethlehem ¦¦ Photographic Society
and the Frankford Camera Club: Miss Alfreda
Lahl, vocal SDlo. accompanist. Miss Ellen Lund
berg; Little £eala Cock, the youngest contralto
vocal selections; Miss Marion Cummlng. soprano
aolo ."Tho Spring Has Come" (Maude Valerie
White); Miss Ella Blake, vocal selections, (a)
"Irish Folk Song" (Foote). (b) "The Unse
buld" (Schubert); Miss Gladys Lahl. violin »olo,
"Cavallerla Rustlcana" (by - r*quest). accom
panist. Miss Ellen Lundberg; L!a Petite Dorrls
specialties; Mrs; Alice Eckman Cramer, vocal
solo, "Spring" (Tostl); Miss Gussle Huhes. vo
cal selections, (a) "Cuckoo Song", <b) "Close
Your Dreamy Eyes," accompanist, Miss Agnea
Vice. .
The California : Camera Club held its
monthly.' meeting 'and entertainment last
night at its rooms in the Academy of
Sciences building. The rooms were tilled
with an enthusiastic audience. The fol
lowing programme was rendered:
Camera Club Entertainment.
Health Board— Salaries, $00,560; expenses,
$70,000. City and County Hospital. $lt>7.5OU;
Rmergency Hospitals. $141,200; new Emergency
Hospital at Potrero. SlO.tXH); . Twenty-sixth
street Hospital, . $10,CC5; Smallpox Hospital.
?13,235. Almshouse^ — Salaries. $28, U00; mainte
nance, $61,340; repairs, $12,250.
The board agreed to recommend ' the
employment of an additional plumbing
and market inspector, and decided upon
the following amounts as necessary for
tho year:
The four members of the .'Health Board
who were removed by Mayor Schmitz,
but who secured a temporary injunction
against the new appointees, held a meet
ing yesterday to formulate an estimate of
the. requirements of the various branches
ot the denartment for the next fiscal
year to be presented to the Board of Su
pervisors.
The members present were Drs. Wil
liamson, Baum, Buckley and Lewitt, Dr.
Ward, the Mayor's appointee, being ab
sent under advice. „ ,- ¦ \
on Expenditures for Next
Fiscal Year. . < - .
HEALTH BOARD PREPARES.
ESTIMATES OF ITS NEEDS
Four Deposed Members Meet to Agree
There will be a prayer by ..Past Grand
Master L. L. Alexander, followed by the
dox.:>logy, then an address of welcome by
the chairman of the committee, addresses
by Grand Master William Nicholls Jr.,
Grand Patriarch C. H. Wever, < Grand
Secretary George T. Shaw, Grand Scribe
W. H. Barnes, F. L. Turpin, president of
the Veteran Odd Fellows; Past Grand
J. N. Young;. Brigadier General H. O.
Brower, commanding the Patriarchs Mili
tant of California; J. A. Foster, grand
senior warden, and F. A. Week, past
president of the Veteran Od Fellows. The
closing address will be by Chairman W.'
T. Galloway. Durlns the evening there
will be a visit by San Francisco Canton
No. 5 of the Patriarchs Militant, Captain
C. H. Kornbeck comanding.
Between addreses there will be vocal
and instrumental music and during the
evening tbore will" be living- pictures, in
troducing features in Odd Fellowship. : L.
L.. Alexander, who Is -to take part in ; the
exercises, Is the seventh grand master of
the State of California and the oldest liv
ing past grand master: /
To-morrow night there will be a gala
time in the higher branch of the Odd Fel
lows In the Od Fellows' building. By in
vitation, the members of Golden Gate En
campment, Unity Encampment,' Wildey
'Encampment and Walhalla Encampment
of this city will meet with Oriental En
campment, when- the visitors will^be en
tertained by the sitting encampment with
a programme that has been prepared by
the committee, composed of w. T. Gallo
way, P. G. R., chairman; E. H." Black, P.
G. P., and F. L. Duley, P. C. R. ,
View Living ¦ Pictures of the
Order.
Members of the Higher Branch Will
ODD. FELLOWS' NIGHT
IN THE ENCAMPMENT
Shoots Himself Accidentally.
OAKLAND. March 27.— Charles Gilbert,
aged 19 years, was accidentally shot thia
afternoon while at his home at 2213"- Dana
street, Berkeley. A pistol fell out of his
hip pocket as he was sitting down in
a chair and went off, the bullet enter
ing his groin. He was treated at the Re
ceiving Hospital.
Wednesday night was one of the live
liest experienced on Barbary Coast for
many months. Rioting was prevalent
from early evening until dawn, and in one
brawl Police Officer Nelson and Special
Officer Daggett were attached ,by a mob
of 100 Infuriated warriors and thrown
downstairs. The Presidio authorities will
hereafter send details of armed soldiers
to assist the police whenever trouble in
the dive district i3 expected.
. To avert what seemed to be an Impend
ing: riot, the military authorities detailed
several provost guards on Barbary Coast
last-night: These btfdleS of soldiers, with
fixed bayonets, assisted' by a double detail
of police from the Central Station, pre
vented .a- repetition Of the scenes of dis
order that were frequent' throughout the
.previous ' nights <. ." k i
..-.It was rumored on' the "'.'coast," as well
•as atulie Presidio, that s&me of the sol
-dlers who were struck by the policemen
;on Wednesday night had died. This re
port placed the ~ fighting-men in an ugly
•mood and they made many threats
against the peace guardians. The prompt
arrival of the ' pr"ovost • guards and police
reinforcements- kept their linger subdued
until the falsity of the rumor could be
proven. Several small disturbances
started, but were promptly quelled*.
For the last seven years Murray has
been known as a Chinatown "bum.'\'Wnen
out of Jail he used ot peddle pencils and
note books and with the proceeds get
drunk, for -days -on Chinatown gin till I:e
was again arrested for vagrancy and sent
•to the House of Correction. He is a well
educated man, about 40 years of age, 1 and
says he win now. lead a respectable life,
got married in London and settle down.
Murray received a remittance of $300
a few days ago. to take him lo London
and j-esterday, accompanied by a deputy
sheriff, he was taken to a dentist to have
his teeth nut In order. He was in tho
City prison for a short time dressed in a
new suit of clothes.
Richard Murray's sentence for vagrancy
will expire Monday and as soon as he Is
discharged he will leave for London, Eng
land," to claim an' inheritance of 550,000
coming to him by the death of his mother.
The money was left to him by his father,
but his mother was to have the use of it
while she-lived. His mother made. a will
leaving tr/o-thirds of the money to a
married daughter and one-third to Mur
ray, but he will contest the will.
Vagrancy, to Begin a New
Life.
Richard 'Murray, Serving a Term for
WILL LEAVE FOR ENGLAND
TO CLAIM INHERITANCE
As for Douglas, he had all of the exter
nal indications of sobriety and industry.
He was accounted a good workman, but
his employers know nothing more about
him. His time of residence at San Leandro
had been exactly twenty-five days when
he departed last evening. Douglas is 35
.and thereabouts. -He said he was married
and had a wife and children in Fresno
County. Douglas went to San Leandro,
he announced, to earn a living for himself
and his family. His associates Icnow
nothing more about him.
Thus it is that the mystery of this
"Jack the Hugger" has been solved to the
satisfaction, at least of some of those who
have been most directly concerned in the
strange experiences that have aroused the
San Leandroites during the last three
weeks.
- : Justice Quinn, to whom Miss Rose ap
plied for the arrest.of Douglas, said: "The
young woman's condition is such that she
is not fit to appear In court and give her
testimony. I have advised that she should
delay action until she has quite recovered
from the nervous shock and excitement."
his explanation. Douglas wasn't robbed.
•There Were several people who saw the
Seating and- knew why he got it." ' •
Town - Marshal . Gelsenhofer said: "A
few. days after the newspapers had print
ed the story of this trouble I was called
to "the" telephone, by a man at Clovis,
Fresno County, who gave his name as E.
Brown. .He said he had read about, the
affair and desired to gite me some infor
mation concerning Douglas.. Brown de
cleared that Douglas formerly resided at
Clovis and that he had been there charged
"with attempting to be unduly familiar
with young women. I have held the mat
ter in hand, awaiting action" which' might
be taken by a©y of the young, women here
who have complained." • ¦¦•¦ -. -. •
The two sharDers who have tricked a
large number of storekeepers recently and
have eluded the vigilance of the police
have been again heard from. _ They "hava
been at work now nearly six months, their
first victim being a tea merchant on
Hayes street
B*. Donnelly, a grocer at 1931 Fillmore
street. Is their latest victim. They walked
for about an hour In front of his stors
Tuesday morning till finally one of them
entered and asked about' a vacant house
or. Bush street not far from the store.
Donnelly obligingly walked with him to
the corner, a • distance of about twelve
feet and he was kept busy answering
questions about the house for a few min
utes while the second man sneaked into
the store and rifled the cash register, se
curing about 510. ,'
¦Donnelly discovered his loss as soon as
he returned to the store and when he ran
outside the sharpers were not to be seen.
He was able to give a good description of
th«m which tallies with that given by
other victims.
While His Cash Register
Is Robbed.
B. I>onnelly Is Kept in Conversation
GROCER VICTIMIZED
BY TWO SHABPEUS
Thomas Galvin, one of the avenging
quintet, said to-day: "We had heard of
this man's actions toward the young wo
men and had decided to take charge of
him ourselves Just as soon as we ..could,
catch him. Miss Rose had told us about
her experience and we had heard enough
from others about town to convince us
that he needed harsh treatment. When
Miss Silva complained we were ready.
"The robbery story was cooked up as.
Mrs. Ollveria tells how Douglas- had
made a proposition to marry her, accom
panying his proposals with attempts at
caressing her.
Miss Silva'pt experience was not quite so
severe. She had alighted from an electric
car and was homeward bound, when, she
declares, this same Douglas accosted her,
seized her arm and tried to talk to her,
but she broke away from him and sum
moned the young men, who had been
awaiting an opportunity to take the law
tnto their .own hands. . / ....'. •.;•<.
" 'No, my name- is Wilson,' he* replied.
'I am stopping here at a private house.';
"I was frightened then and started tq
run, when he grabbed me around thtf
waist and- kissed -me. I -gave a scream and"
tore from him. and ran away as hard as
I could.
"I went Mrs. Galvin's, right near
home, so anxious was I to find a placerbf
security. .Bursting open the back door;- 1
rushed in,, panting and breathless and
crying, from fright. I tr>ld the folks what
had occurred' and they ran out, but could^
not see anything of the man. . -•. '•'
"There can tre no mistake.' about it.' >£
recognized him as soon as I went into the"
courtroom."- .". ',*• ¦'•'• :. 'A "
Los Angeles. I turned quickly, and real
izing I had' made. a mistake, said:
"You're not Mr. Sanderson.'
;• baryj(3dast.
'¦diers .Ugiy^on Bar-
Fal^e BuindraVMake Sol-
a trial.
• An addition to ! the' already large show
was made yesterday In: the purchase of a
fine pair of llamas," atva; cost of '$1000. Im
mediately after. ' the .--.handsome animals
had. been delivered at the Pavilion Mr.;
Norrls, who, trains the 'performers of thej
show, took possession -of them and tried,
to "get a llne'^on what work -they would;
do. The team followed ¦ their master, and
seemed contented, in their new home._ , ;
Llamas in "their mountain homes ; are
used as beasts of burden and the > next
step of the trainer- was to try them: on j
that line. A small boy was placed astride,
of one of the beasts and at once the
gentle animal started a rough show that
would have put the efforts of the bucK-
Ing pony to the blush. No amount 01
cajoling would induce either of the llamas
to play saddle horse. ¦
The services of Jim Rooinson. the trie*
riding, monk, were brought into play as
a last resort. When Jim was led into the'
presence of the show's latest acquisition
he seemed to know what was expected 01
him and it was not long before he became
quite friendly with, the pair. Gradually
the ape was brought closer and finally
he was placed on the back of one of the
llamas. \ - ¦ .- , ,,
After a short "broncho bustinK act
the llama eased down- and submitted to.
the rider. ' When Jim attempted to do a
somersaull, however, the fun commenced.
but the monk stuck to his work and.
finally accomplished the trick. When the
exhibition was over Jim acted as if he
had enjored it. •
. Mr. " Norrls feels satisfied that before
¦next season's opening: lie will make the
work of the Hamas a feature, that is if
Jim Robinson holds his own.
One of the greatest' obstacles that con-.'
fronts the Norris&.Rb we. trained animal'
show is the- constant, demand forr n6W
features that will* satisfy its patrons.' The.
managers are'; always- 'on the lookout'for.
a strong act in.: thei animal line and a.nyi
novel turn that can be thought of is given;
Strenuous j ection.
Accept Acquaintanceship of Jim
Robinson,' the-Riding: Monk, After;
SAN LEAXDRO YOUNG WOMAN WHO WAS ATTACKED BY A HUG
GER AND WHO IS- STILL SUFFERING FROM NERVOUS SHOCK RE
SULTING FROM THE ENCOUNTER.
Livingston & Co., Michalitschke Brothers
& Co., Redington & Co., S. Bachman &
Co. and E. Martin & Co., creditors, filed
a petition yesterday in « the United States
District Court asking that M. F. Thomp
son of Eureka, Humboldt County, be de
clared an involuntary insolvent. They al
lege that he owes them in the neighbor
hood of J100O. Voluntary petitions were
also filed as follows: Kirstine Anderson,
housewife, San Jose, liabilities as stock
holder of the Union Savings Bank. San
Jose, $4000, assets $400; F. R. dough,
teamster, Oakland, liabilities $436, no as
sets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
IfLAMAS ARE TRAINED FOR
THE BIG ANIMAL SHOW
"He replied by saying it was quite
muddy and that it wasn't that ¦ wav In
"I replied. 'Good evening.' thinking the
man was Mr. Sanderson, a friend of ours».
I was grlad he had come along, because I
¦wanted some one I knew to walk home
with me.
"I asked him If he had got his job
back, thinking still it was my friend, who
I knew had not been working for some
time. ¦ ¦¦".¦¦¦
"It was during the evening of March S,
between 8 and 9 o'clock, that this man
accosted me," said Miss Rose. "I had
been out to get. some medicine for my
Elster' 6 baby, who was 111, and was hurry
ing home when this man stepped up to
me and t-aid, 'Good evening.' '
Miss Rose resides with her elster, Mrs.
Mary Fellz, a few blocks from the cenr
ler of the town. She is 19 and comely, be
ing of the dark Latin type.
In the courtroom when Douglas was on
the witness stand Miss Rose positvely
identified him. She was as positive to-day
when she told the story of the "hug
ger's" actions. Intense excitement since
the occurrence has quite unnerved the girl
and she has been seriously m from its
effects. * ¦ -
It was the advances made toward ixiss
Silva which led to the attack upon Doug
las by her frionds— Frank Burnett, Joseph
Claudio. Joseph Dlas, Antonio Gomes
and Thomas Galvin. Gomes Is probably
responsible for avenging the assault. He
is a. relative by marriage of Miss Rose,
who had her experience with the man a
.short time belore the Silva incident oc
curred. Gomes had informed friends of
Miss Rose. They declare they had lo
cated Douglas by description and were
ready for him when Miss Silva appealed
to them.
After the preliminary hearing at San
Leandro belore Justice Quinn, which re
sultfd In the discharge of the accused
youths, Douglas disappeared. Inquiry
made to-day at his stopping place, the
Kan Leandro Hotel, elicited the informa
tion that he had gone to Oakland to visit
friends. Chris Christenson, proprietor of
the hotel, had no other word of his board
er's whereabouts. •
And all of this, stir was created and de
veloped from the arrest of five young
men, charged by Douglas with having
beaten and robbed him. There was no
doubt about the beating. He was badly
bandied and so seriously injured that he
was and is still incapacitated. But his
assailants had a very different story to
tell about the asEault. They freely ad
mitted their part in it, but avowed tnat
Douglas was thrashed because he had
insulted Miss Silva and Miss Rose.
Avengers Make Sure of Game.
OAKLAND, March 27.— If Joseph
Douglas, mechanic at the Best
Agricultural Works, San Lean
dro. Is not a veritable "Jack the
Hugger," who has been terroriz
ing the young women of San Leandro,. he
is the victim of an extraordinary con
catenation of circumstances. Despite the
flattest kinds of denials, Douglas is pos>i
tlvely identified by Miss Rosie Rose and
by Miss Flora Silva as the man who dur
ing the past three weeks . had . hugged
them, and in Miss Rote's case had ac
companied his demonstration by violently,
kissing her. ; -r-..» -';'•¦•:
Alsfl comes Mrs. ilary- Oliveria with a,
.Etory .some what -in line with, that of the .
young women. ,Miss Lpretta Gannon .is.
qult^ positive that Douglas*" is the : mart
¦who followed her one evening as she was
walking home from the Western Union
Telegraph Company's office, where the
If employed as an operator.
Miss Mary Corriera is another girl who
is sure that Douglas had approached her
and attempted familiarities with her dur
ing the same three weeks.
The names of Miss Reed and Miss Fos
ter are likewise mentioned in connection
with the accusations made against Doug
las since his advent on March 2.
On top of ail this is added the declara
tion of Town Marshal Gelsenhofer, who.
has received from Clovls, Fresno County,
the information that Douglas was at that
place accused of actions very like those
with which he is connected at San Lean
dro.
A new frame, fourteen Inches wide, has
Just been imported from Milan, Italy, -for
the larger picture.** Both of the,rhaster
pleces will soon be in shape for public
inspection. ,
The '; smaller picture .'shows.. General'
"Jim", Smith, then colonel,' raising hi^ hat"
in salute to a wounded man. Behindhim
are the glorious . columns qf- the First
California. The artist says that the Fllf
pinos and the Spanish got a new, insight
into the character of the Americans at;
this courteous act. . ¦•..;••„¦.•
The American soldiers He about In that
easy, careless way which is unobserved In
the warriors of other nations. They. alsOj
appear worn and rather stolid;- but *gaze ;
a little curiously at the -defeated' officer.;
The cosmopolitan character of the volun-J
teers is accurately portrayed by types at-.
the German, the 1 Irishman, Frenchman'
and other nationalities.- -Native Filipinos
look on the spectacle curiously. 'Above.it
all is that beautiful indescribable- sky,- so'
well known to those whb have been onthe
Luneta at suns/et. ; ; The characteristic
palm trees, the rough road, prominent;
and picturesque buildings . and even thi;
dust In the j atmosphere are wonderfully
portrayed...--The work- will undoubtedly
make a sensation when placed on exhibU T
tion. ¦' - -- . . •' .. , . - . . i,
The larger painting, named "The Sur
render of -Manila," measures approxi- 1
mately 13x22 feet; .the other is consider
ably" smaller. .• • - - . , ..-. ¦
"The Surrender of Manila" is a beauti
ful • study; of both the. Spanish and the
American soldier. In- the faces of the
Spaniards, who, beaten and crestfallen,
are represented as marching across the
Bridge of Spain toward the walled city,
one can almost read the story of the toils
and troubles of the 100 days'- siege, which
have terminated in that worst of fortunes
to the* soldier— defeat. At the head of thi
conquered forces walks a Spanish cap
tain who scarcely dare raise his eyes to
ward the victors.
D. A. Socci's great paintings, which
have already become famous through the
difficulties which have arisen in trying to
get them by the Custom-house officials,
were unrolled for the first time in this
country at Castle Bros.' yesterday. They
are wonderful examples of the gigantic
in art.
Characteristics of Spanish and
American Soldiers.
Socci's Paintings Wonderfully I>epict
GIGANTIC , CANVASES . ;': ?£
ARE FINALLY UNROLLED
ucts of the land. The plaintiff companies
allege that the levee, at which the steam
ers owned by the company land, is in
danger of demolition through the careless
ness of the masters of the company's ves
sels in making landings.
There will be a three-hour Good Friday
service . to-day at Trinity Church. Bush
and Gough streets, commencing at noon.
The sermon will be delivered by the rec
tor,'the subject - chosen by him betngr
"Commemoration of the Three Hours of
Agony."
Good Friday at Trinity.
An Easter sale of flowers. Easter egga
and home-made dainties Trill 'be held in
the assembly rooms of St. Luke's Church,
Van Xess avenue and Clay street, by the
young members of the church to-morrow
afternoon. The proceeds of the sale will
be given as an Easter offering to reduce
the church debt. Every effort is being
made by the members of St. Luke's to en
tirely clear their church of debt on Easter
day. The offerings have been so satisfac
tory so far that the Rev. Mr. Weedon has
made the announcement that there Is
every hope that the deficit will be entirely
wiped out thia Eastertide.
To He due e Debt of St. Lake's.
At Corpus Chrlstl Church. Mission and Croka
streets, ¦ solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock.
Appropriate music has been prepared by the
organist, which will be rendered by the fol
lowing choir: Sopranos— Mrs. G. Napoleone,
Misses C. Rlcter and B. Wilson: altos — Mrs.
E. Catto and Miss Regina Plstolesl; .tenor. Dr.
A. Thomas; bassos — Messrs. E. Cereghino, A.
Doran and F. Wollum: organist. Mrs. G. Na
poleone. Vespers and benediction at 7:30
o'clock. Signor G. Napoleone will render "O
Salutaris" at benediction. ¦
Corpus Christi.
High mass will be sung at 10:30 o'clock.
"Kyrie," "Sanetus" and "Benedictus" from.
Wells' third mass. "Gloria," "Credo" and
"Agnus Dei" frcm Millard's mass in G will
be rendered by the following choir: Sopranos —
Misses J. McCarthy. A. Supple and B. Gavin :
altos — Misses B. Haderly. M. Dunn and S.
Rowan; tenors — Messrs. A. Dlnan, J. Smith,
and G. Ollva; bassos^ — M. Farrell, J. Foley and
S. O'Brien. At the offertory Werner's "Regina
Coeli." Organist, Miss Katie Supple.
St. John's.
Sopranos and altos — Mme. Roeckel. Miss
Grace Sherry, Mrs. G. Whitaker and Senortta
Andrea Mojica. Tenors — Ed Lotz and James
Reid. Bassos — Ch. Pechln and G. Reid. Jo
sephi Roeckel, organist.
Solemn high mass at 11 o'clock. "An aug
mented choir under the direction of lime.
Coursen-Roeekel will sing the following com.
positions with organ and ! orchestral accom
paniment: "Kyrle" and "Gloria" from Mo
zart's Twelfth Mass; ¦•Crerlo" (Weber>. mass
In O: "Reglna Coeli" <A. Werner); "Sanctus"
and "Agnus Dei" (I^a Hache)f. Handel's cele
brated "Laudate" will be given at the end.
St. Brigid's.
The congregation of the Slavonian- Austrian
Catholic Church . will attend a solemn hisn
mass, which will be celebrated on Easter Sun
day at. 10 a. m. at the students' chapel of St.
Ignatius College. Rev. Father Bontempo will
be celebrant. Professor Martinez will presiils
at the organ and Professor Paniza will lead
the choir, which will render the "St. Joseph's"
mass. The directors of the church will receive
communion in a body.
Slavonian-Austrian Catholic.
The attorneys finally agreed to argue
the question upon an agreed case. Thus
a citation will be issued for Donohue, and
if he refuses to appear, punishment will
be visited upon him. He wlllbe within
call of the court, however, and will be
summoned to the witness stand,- where
his attorneys will advise. him. not to an
swer the questions that are asked of him.
In that way a question .that has never
been fully tested will be brought before
the Supreme Court for a final adjudica
tion. .:•., • ,'. ¦
Attorneys Bosley and Drumm for the
Laymances were unprepared to meet the
question thus raised, but expressed their
belief that the practice of taking deposi
tions Is legal. . . .: .
In a case in Contra Costa County the
Supreme Court had decided that a Notary
Public could not force- a witness to ap
pear before him { or testify if he didn't
want to; In the Enquirer case a few weeks
ago the question; as to the right of the
Court Commissioner to subpena or pun
ish was all threshed out and the decisions
all seemed to be against the Court Com
missioner; so that there was nothing left
to do but test the qualifications of a Su
perior Judge to .subpena or punish. -
Judge Hall issued a 'subpena for Dono
hue at the request of the Laymance peo
ple, but when his name was called this
morning he was not there. Attorneys
Webb and Chapman answered for him
that he would, not obey the summons of
the. court. They quoted authorities to
show that the office of a person taking
a deposition is purely ministerial, whether
ho be a Notary, Court Commissioner or
Justice of any kind, and that, under the
laws of this State, he is unable to punish
for any disobedience of his mandates.
The rights of litigants to punish their
opponents who refuse to give testimony
at deposition-takings before the calling
of trials Is about to, be tested In the
Supreme Court. A definition will then be
had upon. a question that is agitating the
courts and lawyers of the State, the ques
tion having first been raised in the at
tempt to take the deposition of G. B.
Daniels in the Encuirer suit. The out
come of the test will have a direct bear
ing on the outcome of that interesting
litigation, as it will in fact have upon all
litigation. •
Tne auestlon came up to-day in Judge
Hall's court, where Peter B. Donohue,
who is suing M. J. Laymance and others
for an accounting of the business of the
California Standard and Giant Oil com
panies, was summoned to give his deposi
tion. "
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 27. |
PROVOST GUARDS
QUELL DISORDER
.Lord" ....'.... '..... Harrington
Contralto solo by Miss Nettie Blake.
Hymn, j 'Day of Resurrection'-*
Chorus, "Three Days In Earth" Rees
Soprano solo by . Miss Fournier.
Bass solo. "The Trumpet Shall Sound".Handel
Mr. Cecil Smith.
Hymn," "Jems Victor Over Death".."
Offertory, organ solo Salome
Soprano ?olo, "I Know That My Redeemer
Llveth" ". Handel
Mrs. H. V. Dickey.
Chorus, "Christ the Lord Is Risen" Buck
Soprano solo by Miss Eulass.
Hymn, "Crown Him "With Many .Crowns"....
Organ postlude . Gullmant
. . • EVENING. . .
Organ prelude i .'. . ...... ..../Wely
Hymn, "I Know That My Redeemer Lives" ...
Chorus, "He Is Risen" ......:.. SchUHus
Solo parts by Miss Eutass. Mrs. Norton,
Messrs; f Taylor and Smith.
Tenor solo, "Then Shall the Righteous
Shine" Mendelssohn
Charles E. Taylor.
Soprano rotn, "Hi.ianna"' Cranler
MI«s Carrie Eulass.- -
Hymn, "Hail! Thou Once Despised Jesiu"... »
Offertory, organ solo . . . . , * Gounod
Chorus, "Every Flower That Blossoms"
Harry Rowe Shelley
Hymn, "Coronation" "..,.
Organ postlude Doubo'is
Mr. I. E. Blake, choir director. Miss 'Mabel
Jones, organist.
Cavalry Presbyterian. . '
morning. . :
Organ prelude ".
Organist R. D. Harness.
Invocation ,
Pastor.
Hymn 15C. "Christ the Lord Is Risen
Again" ......... -
! Congregation.
Anthem. "Easter Tide"..... .. .Eduardo Marzo
Scripture lesson ¦. .
Alto solo. "The Lord Is Risen".. A. W. Lansing
Miss Xena Roberts; violin obligato,
Benjamin Tuttle. - •
Tenor solo, "Alleluia" Homer Norrts,
Herbert Williams.
Prayer
: Pastor. ¦¦•-. -:'
Notices and offering ...:...... i
Offertory, "The King of Glory" '
..\ Whitney Coombs
" Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark. '
Hymn 150, "Jesus Christ Is Risen To-day"....
Congregation. -. .
Address
Pastor.
Violin solo, "Adagio Relisrloso"' RIes
Benjamin Tuttle. '¦¦
Bass solo,' "Easter Morn" Wi O. Wilkinson
Walter C. Campbell.;- :.
Easter anthem,: "A Joyous Easter Morn
ing" ....P. A. Schnecker
Hymn 160, "How Calm and* Beautiful"
• -'¦ Congregation;- . •> -•
Benediction ' . . .
Organ postlude : : ...v.... ,
The members 'of the choir' are: Mrs. Susie
Hert-Mark," soprano: Miss* Xena Roberts, con
tralto: Herbert Williams, tenor; W. C. Camp
bell, basso and director; R. D. Burness, or
ganist.
Richmond Congregational.
MORNING.
Organ : voluntary ...'. .i .....
Easter anthem, "Thanks Be to" God, Who
¦¦-- Giveth Us- tfce- Victory"... V..W.F. Sudds
Barytone solo, "The Hills of God"
- ." ."...'....*...¦. ..George B. Nevlns
j Joslah O. Low.
Anthem, "The Strife Is Oer....E. L. Bashford
Chant, "Our Easter Prayer. , E. S. Lorenz
Hymn 57, "Christ Arose" . . .'
Hymn 177. "Hark, Ten -Thousand Harps
' ¦ and 'Voices" ......"... .-. .Harwell
Hymn ¦ 1S1. "Christ Above All, Glory
¦ Seated" ..'. Carthage
Hymn 30. "At the Cross" ...;.:....."..,.... ¦
Hymn 52S, "Hall to the Lord's Anointed"
:.• . Webb
Addtess, '^"Easter Reanlmatlon" . : .Pastor
. •'. •¦:."¦ '. ;¦"'¦ EVENING. v : ¦ .
'Organ voluntary ....-.¦.» .".........
¦ Anthem, "Lift Up Your Heads.. O ye
Gates" .... .v ...'."."¦..'......:.. J. B.' Herbert
Soprano S.0I0. "Easter Dawn"..R. 'H.. Woodman
-V s ¦ "Miss Nina "Parker.
Chant, "The Lord's. Prayer" ...E. O. Excell
Anthem, "The. Easter Sunshine Breaks
EVENING.
Organ prelude .'
Anthem. "Christ the Lord is Risen Again"
¦._..; ......' ........ .Roeckel
Invocation ""...'.;.' -
•Hymn . j ......... '. . '
Scripture readina ¦ :...< '
Ahthem, "The, Lord is Risen". ..... ...Sullivan
Prayer * ; - '.'• • • '-"- •'•'• ••••-,••
Hymn .••'•• • •
Announcements ....'."..'..' • • •
Offertory contralto solo. "The Return to .
- Heaven"' Blumenschein
Sermon ..• ...;...:
Hymn •" :.'.....¦........
Benediction ....'...'. ,.'....
Choir— Mrs. Frank J. Thayer and -.Mrs. P.
F- Rockett, sopranos; Miss Grace Barker Mar
shall arid Miss Mabel Wilson, altos; W. F.
Davis "and 'Allen Romalne, tenors: W. E.
Hague and Mr. Spooner, , bassos; Frank J.
organist.- ' _,.-' ..,- ...'..'-' ¦. . :
r Simpson 1 Memorial. : , , .
;-MORNI^Gr' • - "¦
Organ prelude" ..'.......... .C. '...... Saint-Saens
Chotus^J'They, Have -Taken Away My
left arm broken yesterday by being
thrown out of his wagon on Market
street, opposite the City Hall. Schulz's
horse got frightened and ran away,
throwing Schulz out with the result
stated.
Westminster Presbyterian.
MORNING.
Organ prelude . . . J
Anthem, "Life's Resurrection Hour"......
...Neidlinger
Invocation ......."
Hymn
Scripture • readtns • ;
Anthem, ''Why 8eek Ye the Living Among '
• the Dead ?" .Warren
Prayer .....' '
Hymn...'..'.: - . . . •
Announcements •. «.'.'.
Offertory, soprano solo, "Christ ;the Lord.
Is Risen" : .VonWlckede
Sermon. .......'
Hymn •
Benediction '. '. '.
The Services in the other churches
were of a similar character. .. To-day is
Good Friday, and the services will com
memorate the death of Christ.
The following music will be rendered
In the churches on Easter Sunday:
At the .Cathedral the solemn pontifical
mass began at 9 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. The : ceremony of consecrating the
holy oils was performed during the mass
by Archbishop Riordan, and the blessed
sacrament was carried in solemn proces
sion from the high altar to the reposi
tory. Archbishop Riordan was celebrant
of the mass; Rev. Father Ramm, deacon;
Rev. .Father Dempsey, eub-deacon; dea
cons of honor— Rev. Fathers Testa and
O'Ryan, and assistant priest, Rev.
Father Prendergast, V. G. Besides the
ministers of the mass there were pres
ent a large number of priests,, who as
sisted In the consecration of the 0II9. In
the evening there was rosary and a ser
mon by Rev. P. E. Mulligan. .
The morning services at St: Ignatius
began at 8:30 o'clock. The edifice was
crowded to the doors by members of the
parish. Holy communion was given ev
ery half hour, beginning early in the
morning. In the evening a sermon was
preached., on the blessed sacrament by
Very Rev. J.iP. Frieden.
'¦' At St. Bonilface's Church solemn high
mass was celebrated at 8:30 o'clock. At its
conclusion there was a procession of the
blessed sacrament. The members of the
various sodalities adored the blessed sac
lament during the day. Each. class of
school children spent one hour in adora
.tion, and they were followed by Ter
tiaries, the Young Ladies' Sodality, , the
Gentlemen's Sodality and the Yqung
Men's Society. In the evening there was
a sermon. . .. :.
edifices were crowded with wor
shipers. Choirs rendered Beautiful music
and the mass was intoned.
pTf^ HROUGHOUT the' Catholic
I churches of this city yesterday
I ,Holy Thursday was observed with
il solemn ceremonies. The sacred
Choir — Miss Alice Guthrle, Miss Nina Parker
and Miss Edith Coorr.be, sopranos; Miss Mar*
garet Maguire and Miss Winifred Coombe. al
tos; Fred Brock and Clifford Taylor, tenors :
Joaiah O. Low, Frank Beasom and " L. H.
Naghel; organist, Mrs. Philip Coombe.
. Asaln" T. A. Schnecker
Hymn 170, "6 Jesus, Man of Sorrows"
Crux Chrl3tl
Hymn 557, '"The New Jerusalem" Ewlng
Hymn 559, "Jerusalem the Glorious". ..Miriam
Hymn 498, "Rock of Ages" ..:....
Hymn 1S3."A11 Hail the Power of Jesus
Name" i ... .Coronation
Address. '•Resurrection From Death a
Present Attainment" Paator
Donohue Refuses to Answer
the Summons of His
Opponents.
Holy Thursday Is Celebrated in All Catholic Churches With Impressive Cere
.monies—Good, Friday Will Be Observed in a Solemn Manner To-
Day—Special Programmes of MusiC/Are Prepared for Easter Sunday
Action That Has Bearing;
. Upon the Enquirer
Litigation. *
PURPOSE TESTING
POWER TO PUNISH
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN BLESSES
SACRED OILS' AT THE CATHEDRAL
vTHE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIEIAY, 1VT ARCH 28, 1902.
Town Is Excited Over Accusations Made Against Joseph Douglas by Various
Girls Who Claim He; Fprcibly^ Hugged and Kissed Them on Dark
Streets and the Accused Man Disappears— Said to Have Bad Record
YOUNG WOMEN'S ALLEGED ASSAILANT
HURRIES AWAY FROM SAN LEANDRO
9
furnishes the
phosphatiq salts
necessary to build
up the teeth.
"Mellin's Food Babies" sent free.
Mel Iin'« Food Co.. Boi t<*a. Mass.;
I 1 in u«— —
I Makes I
I fine Candy
Jong's
I 'Saratoga [jfips
tiili ¦
Tt c finest of syrups in
flavor and sweetness. :
I In gallon,, half-gallon and
Quart tins.
t ALL CROCER3 SELL IT.
LOHS SYRU7~REFMNG GO., ¦
Eichth and Braniun Sis.,
8ta Fnssiiea, C*L
Phone South -iSG. t
IJry •?/ on your I
J$ot CakesSteamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V S. ¦ N. • Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 27, 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower, of. the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at' noon' to-day.
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time. " s •
W. H. STANDLEY. 1
Lieutenant U. S. N.,,in charge.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 27— Stmr
Majestic, from ¦ Liverpool, I for New -York ; Btmr
Rhynland, from -Liverpool, '¦ for Philadelphia.
. MOV1LLE— Arrived ¦ March 27— Stmr Nu
mldian, from ¦ StT "Johns,. N; B, and Halifax,
for Liverpool. . - ' - '.-..¦ - :
LONDON 1 — Sailed- March 27^Stmr Mlnneha
ha, for New York. ...
ANTWERP— Sailed March 27— Stmr Penn
land, for Philadelphia. .
NEW YORK— ArHved March 27— Stmr Cala
bria, from Naples.-' - ' . -"¦. •
: Sailed March '27r-.Stmr- La Touraine, for
Havre; stmr Gera."' for Baltimore.:
. BOSTON — Arrived . March i 27 — Stmr Ivernla,
from Liverpool. ¦ ' • -. ¦ ¦.
GENOA — Arrived ' March 26 — Stmr Kara
mania, from New -.York and Baltimore.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
; REDDING, March 27.—F. M. Wolff, 11 pro
prietor of the Hotel 'Keswlck at Kes
wick,,brings- in ;a.-. story.of haying been
charged and treed" by a wild boar while
hunting in the region of Buckeye, on the
east s»ae of the fcacramento River from
Keswick. '¦¦¦•-¦• :-- i-.»-- ; ¦ .-..•• -. '. ¦ •- ..
: Wolff and Louis-Humme went out after
squirrels and rabbits. •'. The hunters sep
arated -shortly afterward: and Wolff en
countered a boar. "The animal surprised
him :by :• shorting when only .a few feet
froni him. Wolff, says it-was an Immense
b%ast, with" shining tusks and a short
snout.- ¦ :{-: . v; -.-•- ';.-¦¦,"
> With-lowered head the bristle-covered
animal "charged. Wolff. fired both barrels
of. birdshot from ; his shotgun' in the very
iace ofthe-animal and then sought safety
on ,the;ilmb of ian'-oak'tree.'
1; Humme. was attracted to the scene by
the-shouts of his'hunting, partner, and as
he.-hadi. a'-rifle vile-.shot-'the boar through
the head. The hunters brought the tusKs
to this -.' . ; •'. "¦¦•.-_.
@ ; I^^^^;"I^¦^^I^¦^;^^^^^^;I"I^^1^^:^^I^¦I¦'IV^;^^^I^^I^^^ O
¦ FLUSHING-^-Pas'sed March 26 —Fr bsh-k
Boiirbaki, from Oregon. ¦ ¦ •
« HONGKONG—Arrived Drier to March 23 —
Stmr Olytnnla, from Tacoma.' • ' ¦
" Arrived", March'2C—Ja» stmr Nippon Maru,
hence Feb -!».- '-«¦ ' -.. i .
• Sailed jMarch'26-^Br stmr .Braemar, for Ta
coma. : .; / ,;;-.. . • . . ;
Salic 1. March 27—Br ship Deccan. for Royal
Jtoad«; , " • '"• .-..*. - . ¦.-¦ '
VALPARAISO —Sailed. March 1 20 —Ger stmr
Seraoip, for San Francisco. / ¦
SHANGHAI —Arrived March'. CS —Br stmr
'Yang- Taze, .from Hongkong. - ¦
' Arrived Mareh 25—Schr \V H Talbot, from
Port Blakeley.' . , , i :. 3 '
SH1MONOSEKI—Arrived tirlor to March 27
—Br stmr-Klntuck, from Taccma.'
¦ QUEENSTOWN—Arrived March 27—Br ship
Clan Mackenzie, Hence Nov 10, and proceeded
to 1 J;-*wlch. ¦' ;.' "¦¦: v • • •
1 SAIGON^-Sailed . March 24—^Br stmr Ping
Suey,', from v Tacoma," for Ixindon.
YOKOHAMA—Sailed March 2G—Stmr \ Tic
toria.'for Tacoma..- . . ¦ , ¦ - v
CALI^AO—Sailed'.March 18—Schr W H
Smith, for Townsend. . ¦• . •
VICTORIA—Arrived : March/ 27—Stmr San
Mateo,. hence. March 23. ... . :
•.';¦ > ' Sneclal Dispatch to The Call.
day, except when there are but three tl(*.es. as
sometimes occurs. The heights "given I are In
addition to the soundings of the United- Statc3
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
siKn precedes the helKht. and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of referencs is the mean
of the lower low waters. \ ' > ¦
Ooodall has lived in Omaha about' a
year and is a member of the Shoemakers'
Union. His grave was provided with a
wooden chute, which supplied him with
"The police have no right to interfere
with my business," said Goodall. "I have
traveled ail over the country sleeping for
several days at a time in store windows.
1 thought I would try the underground
experiment. I expected to wake up about
2 o'clock this afternoon." • • . .- •
¦ OMAHA, ,Nebr., March: 27.— Alonso
Goodall. 24 years old, who styles himself
a professional hypnotist, was buried alive
five feet underground in a vacant lot near
the Union i Pacific tracks at 7:30 this
morning. Shortly after, his. interment the
police Jwere notified, and at 9:30 o'clock
the sleeping man was exhumed. He .was
awakened without difficulty • and placed
under arrest as a "suspicious character."
Paul Quint and Willis .Lehmer. his as
sistants, were also arrested. ¦
Special Dispatch to The "Call.
Police Exhume Sleeping Man
and Arrest Him and His
Assistants^
and His Companion
!• Saves? Him.
Climbs a. Convenient Tree
Kes wick Resident Has a
i- Narrow Escape From
Disaster. \ '
Professional Hypnotist
Submits to Interment
at Gmaha. ;
BOAR CHARGES
SHASTA HUNTER
HIS COMPANIONS
BURY HIM ALIVE
Transport Arrives After a (Tedious Voyage With No Sickness Aboard, but
Owing to an Oversight at Honolulu She is Sent to the Fumigating
Vessel Omaha, at Angel Island, for a Thorough Course of -pisinfection^
NEGLECT OF HEALTH REGULATIONS
SENDS THE EGBERT TO QUARANTINE
THE, *SAN FRAISTCISCq CALL, F1UDAY, MARCH ,28, 1902!
Captain H. C. Hale. Lieutenants G. M.
Cralle. W. A. Cavanaugh. H. M. Bankhead,
A, ilcC. Wilson, C. S. Nettles. Hunter Kinzie,
The transport is very foul and sorely
:n need of an overhauling. While her trip
l'rcrn Honolulu was speedier than expect
ed it was a!x»ut five days longer than the
average. The cabin passengers were:
The Egbert brought 460 passengers, in
cluding: the second battalion of the Twen
tieth Infantry. She brought four soldier
passengers from Honolulu. One of these.
Private Stanley H. Brady, is a prisoner.
ernoon. During her stay in Hono
lulu free communication between ship and
shore had been allowed, and several pas
sengers from Honolulu were on board.
When the Federal quarantine ofScials
boarded the transport they found no sick
ness aboard. Xeither did they find any
bill of health from Honolulu. On this
account the trooper was ordered to the
fjuar2r.tine hulk Omaha, where she will
be fumigated before being allowed to pro
ceed to her dock. None of the passen
gers landed last night, although all will
have their liberty to-day. The casuals
and discharged men will be landed at the
discharge camp on Angel Island. The en
listed men will go to the Presidio.
1«r HE army transport Egbert, which
left Manila February 8 and Hono
lulu March 16. put in ar. unex
' pected appearance yesterday aft-
TO. SAIL.
FROM ; SEATTLE.:;"
Sun, Moon -and .Tide.
United States Coast;- aria" Geodetic Survey—
;¦: J, Times -and Heights i of High -and Low
"Waters at F.ort Point, entrance to San
; Francisco Baj-.;. ; Published, by official au
.' thorlty of ' the' Superintendent. :'r. •: ¦¦ ¦•
: -NOTE— The high • and.- low • waters ; occur at
the city <front "(Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five | minutes r later .than 'at ' Fort Point ;
the height of tide . Is I the . same | at both , places.
FRIDAY. •¦ MARCH 28.
' NOTE— In the above ¦ exposition of the tides
the 1 early morning tides : are '. given . in v the left
hand '. column ' nnd ¦ the ' Buccessive tides of ; the
day , in-' the | order of. occurrence as to" time ; * the
fourth Hlme column slves.the last tide of tha
Thursday, March 27.
Stmr South Coast, Dunham, 15 - hours from
Albion.
Stmr Point • Arena, Hanszn, ' 14 hours from
Meadocino. " ,
Stmr Coronado. Johnson, CO hours from
Gray3 Harbor.
Stmr Gualala, Weber, 9 hours from Rules
Landing. . ' . •
Stmr Rival. Olsen, 63 hours . from • Willapa
Harbor.
Stmr, Samoa, Madsen, 10 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 06 hours. from Ta
coma. . ¦
U S transport Egbert. Hawes, 37 days from
Manila, via Honolulu 11 days.
Dutch Etmr Folmina. Von Eljcken, 4 days
and 14 hours from Nanaimo.
¦Tug Chas Counselman, Coffin. 5 days 7 from
Seattle, via Coos Bay 2 days. • , .'
Schr Volunteer, Bressem, 7; dayg from Fair
haven. ." . . ..'...- ¦ - ¦.
• Schr Chas 7 Falk, Henningsen, '3 days from
Coos Bay. ,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer City of; Puebla sailed yesterday
fcr Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
destinpfi for Vancouver and .Victoria, valued at
$24,908. The following were the principal ship
ments: I
&T87 lbs butter. 46,103, lbs dried fruit, 57,055
ibs malt, 1491 lbs beans, ! 20,11*8 lbs oil cake
meal, 18.998 lbs bluestone, 1601 lbs. bread, 3770
lbn . chocolate. . 350 bxs . pa'ste,' 498 pkgs fresh
fruits, 1IT.8 pkgs fresh vegetables," 1 cs drugs', 22
cs whisky. 20S.T pigs lead. 15 cs oil, 3 pkgs
wagon material, 45 rolls paper,' 7 pkgs electri
cal EUppHes, 15 cs honey,, 22 live dogs, 13 pkgs
machinery, 1S9 pkg:s steel and iron, 11 pkgs
hardware, 10.CG3 lbs zinc, 3 pkgs dry goods, 4
cs hats, j 125 tins . matches, 15(5 gals wine, 1985
lbs coffee, i) cs clocks. 4 rolls leather, 14 pkgs
groceries and provisions, ¦ 16 "cs ammunition, 23
pkgs axie grease, 3400 lbs meal. 100 lbs bees
wax, SS cs canned goods, 130 bales twine.
' The British ship Wayfarer is chartered for
wheat at this port for Callao.
The British ship Criccleth Castle will load
redwood at this port for Mollendo (lump sum).
Shipping Merchants.
Katlers of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Getting the bis freighter, Alaskan ready for
her trial trip has proved a bigger undertaking
than expected. . and it will % be. two weeks be
fore she is ready "to show what she can Jo
in the speed line. , ' .
Trial Trip in Two Weeks.
Captain Robinson has been appointed to the
command of the Pacinc Mail steamship Peking.
He succeeds Captain Tremaine Smith, who
goes East to bring out the Siberia, of which
he will be commander. . • ¦ . , ;- '•;¦
Takes the Peking.
The army transport Sherman, which has been
at the Union Iron Works for over a year, will
be towe4 to the transport' dock on Wednesday
and put into commission for - trooping. She
hae been overhauled on an extensive scale and
will be the show ship of the transport service.
Sherman Docks ¦'Wednesday.
Policeman O'Callaghan yesterday recovered
a purse lost at the ferry depot by Mrs. Worth
man of 1228 Broadway. Oakland. Mrs. Worth
man reported her loss to one of the ferry gate
men, who later notified O'Callasrhan that he
had noticed an Oakland passenger pick up
something that looked like a pocket-Book. The
police officer boarded the ferry-boat, found the
finder and now holds the purse for. the owner.
Recovers Lost Purse.
The Dutch steamship Folmina arrived in port
yesterday from Nanaimo. This is her first
visit to this port. She brought nearly 6000
tons of coal. The Folmina was on the re
insured list not many weeks ago and arrived
In British Columbia from Japan with her ma
chinery in bad shape. She has been thoroughly
overhauled and will probably remain - In ¦ the
trade between here and British Columbia.
Folmina Reaches Port.
The breaking of a gangplank leading from
the Pacinc Mail wharf to the ship Two Broth
ers yesterday afternoon precipitated into the
bay four Japanese. The little brown men are
on their way to the northern canneries. A
dozen or so selected the gangplank as a. good
place to enjoy a sunbath. The plank was old.
gave way under the strain and although only
four ' reached the water the remaining occu-,
pants of the plank were badly geared and
scarred in the scramble for safety. Captain
Anderson broke a valuable whip assisting one
of the Japanese that could net. swim to a
¦friendly pile.
Japanese Take Plunge in Bay.
'/Schr Fortuna, Olsen; 4S hours from* Eureka.
¦ Schr Etta B. Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes. < '¦ " \ •
CLEARED. ; •
Thursday, March 27. ¦
Etmr Chas Nelson, Schage, Seattle; E. T.
Krusa. • - -
Br stmr "Wellington, Salmond, Ladysmith;
R. Dunsnruir'c ! Sons Co. - ¦- - ¦
Xor stmr' Tltania, Escnes, • Nanaimo; - Johrt
Rosenfeld's Sons.
• Bark Carondelet. - Saxe, Prince* William
Sound ; Alaska Packers' -Association.
Fr bark Eugene Pcrgellne," Bernard,
Antwerp; Girvln& Eyre.
SAILED. •
• Thursday,' March 27. .
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, for Tacoma.
Stmr Coos Bay, Smith, for San Pedro.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, for Grays Harbor.
Stmr Chehalls, Thompson, for Grays Harbor.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, for Victoria
and Pert Townsend.
Stinr Phoenix, Odland, for Meudoclno. . •
Aus stmr Maria, Hlgelich, for Portland. .
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, for Nanaimo.'
Ship Roanokc, Amesbury, for New York, via
Seattle. .
Br ship Wanderer, Dunning, for Queenstown.
Bark Prussia, Jensen, for Port Blakeley.
Bark Challenger, Fownes, for Vancouver.
Schr Guide, Olsen, for Coos Bay.
' Schr Maksoutoff, Gale, for Manila. ¦
Schr Mary C, Campbell, for Bodega.
Schr Newark, Nielsen, . for Bowens Landing.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Brastlng, for Port Gam
ble.
Scrr Churchill, Rosendall, for Columbia
River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 27, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 10 miles per hour. ,
SPOKEN.
March 0, lot 36 44 N, Ion 18 0G W— Br ship
! Claverden, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
OUTSIDE, BOUND IN.
POINT LOBOS, March 27, 3 p m— U S Btmr
Egbert; schr Kortuna..
DOMESTIC PORTS." -
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 27—
Schr Solano. from Shanghai ; schr fearless,
Irom Sfcanshai. ".. .
Sailed March 27— Schr Balboa, for Kobe.
Passed in March '27 — Ger stmr Hermonthis,
hence March '£>. ¦
'Passed out March .27 — Stmr Newoort, for
Valdez; stmr Umatilla, from Seattle and Sound
portc, ' for San Francisco; schr Stimson, for
San Pedro. • " : .
COOS BAY — Arrived . March 27 — Stmr A-
cata, hence March JKJ.
BCiWENS LANDING— Arrived March 27—
Stair Navarro. hence March 26. ,
TACOMA — Arrived March 27 — Ger stmi Her
monthis, hence March 22; stmr Asuncion,
hence March 'Z'2. ¦-.,• ¦ , • ..
Sailed March ' 27 — Stmr Umatilla, for Sari
Krar.clsco. ¦ • ¦¦• . . •
SEATTLE — Arrived March ' 2C— Stmr I Dlrlgo,
from fckarway. ¦-;¦>¦ • , . :
Arrived March 27— Stmr J B Ward, from
Unalaska; strnr Hermonthis, from San Fran
cisco. ••.¦¦. ¦. ¦• . ¦.. '¦"•; -. ' - \
Sailed March, 27 — Bark Harvester, for Kenal;
ship St I'aul, .for Falrhaven; . strnr. Rainier,
for Dlxon's Entrance; stmr Dispatch, for San
Pedro; schr American Ranger, for Qullceh; U
S stmr Manning, for Bremerton..- "¦¦¦ •
¦PORT HARFORD— Sailed March 27— Schr
William Renton. 1 for New Whatcom.
BALLARD— Sailed . March . 20— Schr ¦ Stim
son, for San Pedro. - ' ' ¦ ' ¦• * ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦ * -. m • .
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March 27— Stmr
Nationr.l City, . hence March 26.'
1 -Sailed March 27— Stmr Noyo, for. San Fran
cisco. ;.* •¦'-.' \ ¦¦ .: • • •. - .-..»¦
SAN PEDRO— Arrived \ March 27— Stmr
Hemcr, from Eureka:- stmr Santa Barbara,
hence March 25; schr Ruth- E Godfrey, from
Tacoma. ' ¦ • ,
Sailed March 27— Schr < C A* Thayer, for
Grays Harbor: stmr j Aberdeen,' . for San " Fran
cisco. -¦' I - ' '. '¦ ¦ '. .". -.-' : „• • -:.¦
, NEAH BAY— Passed in- March 27— Stmr San
Mateu,' hence March 23, for Nanaimo. .
EUREKA— Arrived March 20— Stmr Eureka,
hence March 23. ; ¦•¦• : - ¦".. '¦ . ¦ ' . ,
' Arrived I March 27 — Stmr : Wcstport, hence
March 25:stmrNorth Fork, hence March 24. ;
Sailed i March. 27 — Stmr.- Alliance, for Port
land,- Or. : . stmr Santa- Monica, for San ¦ Fran
cieco; stmr Eureka,- for San Francisco. .-•
ASTORIA— Sailed March 27— Stmr Lakmei
for San Francisco. - .-¦¦: , 'y .. , .¦
Arrived March 27— Stmr Columbia;- from San
Francisco: utmr Indracura, from Hongkong -
SAN DIEGO — Arrived 'March' 27— Schr Phil
ippine, from Tacoma. ..- ¦ • .
PORTLAND, Or — Arrived March , 27— Stmr
Indrapura, from Hongkong. :-", ¦ , ¦ ;, . .
; Sailed . March , 27— Bark Lota, fcr Queens
town. ; • '" ¦ ' ¦ ••' -' : ;
EASTERN PORT.;
- .; NORFOI^K— Sailed March f 2ft— Br stmr '. In
veric.for Manila, via New "York. ¦ ' ¦¦ .-*/ ' - ¦-.
:"¦.... '-'-' FOREIGN: PORTS./
COLON— Sailed March 25— Stmr 'Orizaba,' for
New. York. • ¦ : - ¦.. ;,-:', •"-' ¦•¦ . -.'.., :~.
Arrived March 2&— Stmr Advance, from New
York.'-'. '¦- ,*¦¦: • .-¦¦' ¦ ::, i " -. . .--, .: ¦; .
CORONEL— Sailedi March' 20— Br "stmr Pem
brokeshire, for Queenstown..' ....-- .•-.¦¦
¦ SWANSEA— Sailed ; March 26— Fr bark So
coa, for. San Francisco. . - 1 ¦''...¦ - .
. - DOVER — Parsed March 26-^-Ger, N bark ' 1 An
tuco.'from Hamburg,' for Santa' Rosalia. •
MALTA— Passed March 2« — Br stmr Shl
moet.frcm New York, '/or Manila. .
COLOMBIA— Arrived nrior. to March 23— Br
stmr Anaba. from Norfolk: for Manilo ¦
BRITISH BARK " THAT MADE
FAST TIME FROM . NEW
CASTLE, ENGLAND.
Boarding-house runners took seven sailors
from the British ' ship Wanderer during the
dark watches of Wednesday night and Captain
Dunning: was obliged, to pay " ?350 "blood
money" for seven- men to fill the vacancies.
Sailors are very scarce In this port at present
and the premium or ¦ ""blood money" has ad
vanced to ¦ $50 per capita. The - Wanderer,
bound from Tacoma to Queenstown, put In
here to get a new chief officer. Captain Dun
ning set a careful ; watch on deck after dark,
with orders to prevent boats from coming
alongside. \ Dunning has had previous and ex
pensive experience with sailor stealers and was
anxious to proceed on his voyage. In spite of
Dup.nlng"s precautions and the. vigilance of his
lookoute, however, a runnels boat' dropped
alongside and when It cast loose • seven sallorb
were aboard. . ' ' ' •
Wanderer Loses Seven Sailors.
C. A. Leonard, C.*A. Bach, A. R. Schler, A.
M. Shipp.
10
. Steamer.
From.
Due.
Sequoia. . . San . Pedro ."..:.. Mar. 28
G.' Llndauer. . Grays Harbor . . .•. Mar. 28
Del Norte Crescent . City "..... Mar. 28
Santa Monica Humboldt Mar. 2H
Hy&des .'..... Honolulu & Kahului ... Mar. 23
Spokane San .Diego & Way Ports Mar. SW
Bonlta. .. Newport & .Way Ports.. Mar. ?S
Queen. .;..;. Pugct- Sound Ports .... Mar. 28
Progreso: Seattle:-. ........ .... Mar. 28
Eureka Humboldt.. .'. . Mar. 2S
Meteor'. ....... Seattle v. .Roche Harbor Mar. 2S
Arcata.'. . : . . . Coos Bay & Port Orford. Mar. 20
Crescent City Crescent City.". Mar. 20
Gaelic....... China & Japan : Mar. 2>
City Sydney.. fPanama &. Way Ports.. Mar. 23
J.'S. K'lmball |Seatt'e & Tacoma ...... Mar. 2M
Aberdeen.... I San Pedro . .,^ ......... Mar. 20
Lakme.. '..... Portland & , Astoria Mar. 30
Mandalay . . . . Coquille River: ......... Mar. 30
Newburg.-. . . Grays ; Harbor Mar. 30
State of Cal.. Ran ¦ Dlepp • &. Way Ports Mar. .'JO
NorthFork.. Humboldt ..'...... Mar. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 30
Pleiades Seattle |Mar. 30
Columbia . Portland & Astoria : . . . . I Mar. 31
Sierra....... Sydney & ,AVay Ports .. | Mar. 31
Pomona Humboldt IMar. ill
Asuncion Tacoma ;.. .|Mar. 31
Empire. . .... Coos Bay r.' Mar. 31
Victoria Oyster Harbor . Mar. 31
Coos Bay Sari ' Pedro & Way Ports. ¦ Anr. 1
SanMateo... Nanaimo . .............. I Apr. 1
M. Dollar.... San Pedro |Apr. 1
Umatllla... ..iPuget Sound Ports.. .. JApr. 2
Hermonthls.. I Seattle ...lApr. :t
Point Arena. . Point Arena : I Apr. 3
Colombia.... Valparaiso & Way Ports! Apr. 4
Hong. Maru. China and . Japan lApr. 5
G. W. Elder. . Portland . & Astoria. . . . | Apr. 5
Santa Ana . . . Seattle & Tacoma I Apr. (i
City Puebla. . Puget Sound . Ports.-. . . . I Apr. 7
Acapulco. . . . Panama ¦ &• Way Ports. | Apr. 7
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
" .March US. -i.
Sequoia. ... Grays , Harbor . . . . .
Pomona. . . . Humbbldt K ........
G: Dollar. . Grays Harbor ... .
City Para. . Ll'anama & Way Pts
Lee'.anaw.. N. Y. via Panama
/March ai>. .
Rival Willapa Harbor. . . .
Coronado. . Grays • Harbor.;. . . . .
Rainier;-.:. Seattle & W'hatcom
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena
Humboldtr. SUagway via Seattle
Peking China '& Japan. . . .
Alamtda. . . Honolulu
Australia..* Tahiti direct ......
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland
•• March »<>. •.
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma..
Aberdeen.. Astoria & Portland.
Eureka.... Humboldt ..'..'. ....
Spokane.... San Diego & Way.
• G^ Lindauer i Grays ¦ Harbor.'". : : . .
-, March- Sil>
"Arcata: Coos Bay & Pt Qrfd
Bonita..... Newport & W'Ry Pts
•' April. 1..
Empire.... Cops Bay ;
Queen Puget • Sound Ports.
Meteor. .... Seattle , & Tacoma.
April '2.
State CaJ.. San Diego. & Way..
Argo.. ...:. Ferndale & Eel RIv.
North Fork, f Hum boldt . .........
.-¦--:-¦¦¦ '¦ ; ,j April . I. l^SSt
Lakme. . . .¦.'Astoria & Portland.
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor .'.:. •
Columbia.'.' Astoria & Portland.
J.S.Klmball Seattle &'Tacoma..
'. - K*. i April 4. . ; -
CooaBay.. - San Pedro &'¦ Way;
Colombia ¦. .¦ Valparaiso- i &:Way .
-'.>-• "April B. ¦
Eureka.'.'; .' jHonolulu.-v. Seattle.
Hyades ': . ". ". - Honolnlu • & ICahulul
.-,-\-r; '¦¦¦/¦. •. 'April >6.;.. ,
Umatllla...' Puget Sound Ports.
4 pm|Pier 2
1:30 p Pier »
•3 pm Pier 2
12 m PMSS
2 pm Pier 10
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier '£
2 pm Pier 2
•9 am Pier 3
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier 7
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 24
0 pm Pier 8
» am Pier u
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
...... Pier —
12 ' m Pier 13
'9 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 13
11 am Pier a
5 pm Pier 27
9 am Pier 11
..:... Pier —
.9 am Pier 2
...... Pier —
6 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
10 am Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 10
:'. .'. . . Pier —
.:.... Pier —
9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
r-
For.
Sails.
Excelsior..:. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 28
Dlrlgo. ...::. Skagway &;' Way .'Ports. Mar. 28
Dolphin. .'. . . . Skagway : & Way -Ports. Mar. SO
Cottage City . Skagway & Way Ports, liar.; 31
.City Topeka.. Slcagway & Way Ports. Apr. 2
Al-Ki. .:.....' Skngway-'fi; \Vay."Pi>ri3. Apr. 3
Humbpldti . . . Skagway'ft Way Ports. Apr. 4
Farallort..... Skagway .& AVay' Ports. Apr. B
City. Seattle.. Skagway ,&.. Way .Ports. | Apr. 6
Sun
Siir
Mo<
O~
p-
! a '¦;.'
rises
j sets f
in ¦, r 1st
js ,.V.. ¦;:;...;,:....... ..:ii
......6:01
...6:2S
t:5.'J p; m.
Time!
Time ."-- ' Time
Ft. Ft: Ft.
¦; L; W . ;• HW
4.6 S:2S 0.8 3:2s 4.0
• 4.7 .9:19 ¦ 0.9 -4:29 ,3.9
? 4.5 10:12 :>1.0 15::« 3.9
4.3 11:C9 .1.1 .6:35 iS-4.0
.4.2 12:03 • 1.1 .7:28 '4.1
;'•• IH w ;. l.-.\v
3.2i;5:r>6| .1.1
2.9| 7:0fl|.'4.3|'l:40!' l.lj
Time :¦•¦ ft
Ft.".
LrWI -;'• C
8:12 2.8
9:01! 3.0
10:04| 3.0
11:17' 3.1
8:10 4.3
I 8:46| 4.7
H W
28
23
30
31
1
;2:22
3:01
•;j:60
4:46
L. iW
I 0:23
! 1:201
2
3
. Steamer.
From.
Due.
Sequoia. . . San . Pedro ."..:.. Mar. 28
G.' Llndauer. . Grays Harbor . . .•. Mar. 28
Del Norte Crescent . City "..... Mar. 28
Santa Monica Humboldt Mar. 2H
Hy&des .'..... Honolulu & Kahului ... Mar. 23
Spokane San .Diego & Way Ports Mar. SW
Bonlta. .. Newport & .Way Ports.. Mar. ?S
Queen. .;..;. Pugct- Sound Ports .... Mar. 28
Progreso: Seattle:-. ........ .... Mar. 28
Eureka Humboldt.. .'. . Mar. 2S
Meteor'. ....... Seattle v. .Roche Harbor Mar. 2S
Arcata.'. . : . . . Coos Bay & Port Orford. Mar. 20
Crescent City Crescent City.". Mar. 20
Gaelic....... China & Japan : Mar. 2>
City Sydney.. fPanama &. Way Ports.. Mar. 23
J.'S. K'lmball |Seatt'e & Tacoma ...... Mar. 2M
Aberdeen.... I San Pedro . .,^ ......... Mar. 20
Lakme.. '..... Portland & , Astoria Mar. 30
Mandalay . . . . Coquille River: ......... Mar. 30
Newburg.-. . . Grays ; Harbor Mar. 30
State of Cal.. Ran ¦ Dlepp • &. Way Ports Mar. .'JO
NorthFork.. Humboldt ..'...... Mar. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 30
Pleiades Seattle |Mar. 30
Columbia . Portland & Astoria : . . . . I Mar. 31
Sierra....... Sydney & ,AVay Ports .. | Mar. 31
Pomona Humboldt IMar. ill
Asuncion Tacoma ;.. .|Mar. 31
Empire. . .... Coos Bay r.' Mar. 31
Victoria Oyster Harbor . Mar. 31
Coos Bay Sari ' Pedro & Way Ports. ¦ Anr. 1
SanMateo... Nanaimo . .............. I Apr. 1
M. Dollar.... San Pedro |Apr. 1
Umatllla... ..iPuget Sound Ports.. .. JApr. 2
Hermonthls.. I Seattle ...lApr. :t
Point Arena. . Point Arena : I Apr. 3
Colombia.... Valparaiso & Way Ports! Apr. 4
Hong. Maru. China and . Japan lApr. 5
G. W. Elder. . Portland . & Astoria. . . . | Apr. 5
Santa Ana . . . Seattle & Tacoma I Apr. (i
City Puebla. . Puget Sound . Ports.-. . . . I Apr. 7
Acapulco. . . . Panama ¦ &• Way Ports. | Apr. 7
Steamer.
r-
For.
Sails.
Excelsior..:. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 28
Dlrlgo. ...::. Skagway &;' Way .'Ports. Mar. 28
Dolphin. .'. . . . Skagway : & Way -Ports. Mar. SO
Cottage City . Skagway & Way Ports, liar.; 31
.City Topeka.. Slcagway & Way Ports. Apr. 2
Al-Ki. .:.....' Skngway-'fi; \Vay."Pi>ri3. Apr. 3
Humbpldti . . . Skagway'ft Way Ports. Apr. 4
Farallort..... Skagway .& AVay' Ports. Apr. B
City. Seattle.. Skagway ,&.. Way .Ports. | Apr. 6
Sun
Siir
Mo<
O~
p-
! a '¦;.'
rises
j sets f
in ¦, r 1st
js ,.V.. ¦;:;...;,:....... ..:ii
......6:01
...6:2S
t:5.'J p; m.
Time!
Time ."-- ' Time
Ft. Ft: Ft.
¦; L; W . ;• HW
4.6 S:2S 0.8 3:2s 4.0
• 4.7 .9:19 ¦ 0.9 -4:29 ,3.9
? 4.5 10:12 :>1.0 15::« 3.9
4.3 11:C9 .1.1 .6:35 iS-4.0
.4.2 12:03 • 1.1 .7:28 '4.1
;'•• IH w ;. l.-.\v
3.2i;5:r>6| .1.1
2.9| 7:0fl|.'4.3|'l:40!' l.lj
Time :¦•¦ ft
Ft.".
LrWI -;'• C
8:12 2.8
9:01! 3.0
10:04| 3.0
11:17' 3.1
8:10 4.3
I 8:46| 4.7
H W
28
23
30
31
1
;2:22
3:01
•;j:60
4:46
L. iW
I 0:23
! 1:201
2
3
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
" .March US. -i.
Sequoia. ... Grays , Harbor . . . . .
Pomona. . . . Humbbldt K ........
G: Dollar. . Grays Harbor ... .
City Para. . Ll'anama & Way Pts
Lee'.anaw.. N. Y. via Panama
/March ai>. .
Rival Willapa Harbor. . . .
Coronado. . Grays • Harbor.;. . . . .
Rainier;-.:. Seattle & W'hatcom
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena
Humboldtr. SUagway via Seattle
Peking China '& Japan. . . .
Alamtda. . . Honolulu
Australia..* Tahiti direct ......
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland
•• March »<>. •.
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma..
Aberdeen.. Astoria & Portland.
Eureka.... Humboldt ..'..'. ....
Spokane.... San Diego & Way.
• G^ Lindauer i Grays ¦ Harbor.'". : : . .
-, March- Sil>
"Arcata: Coos Bay & Pt Qrfd
Bonita..... Newport & W'Ry Pts
•' April. 1..
Empire.... Cops Bay ;
Queen Puget • Sound Ports.
Meteor. .... Seattle , & Tacoma.
April '2.
State CaJ.. San Diego. & Way..
Argo.. ...:. Ferndale & Eel RIv.
North Fork, f Hum boldt . .........
.-¦--:-¦¦¦ '¦ ; ,j April . I. l^SSt
Lakme. . . .¦.'Astoria & Portland.
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor .'.:. •
Columbia.'.' Astoria & Portland.
J.S.Klmball Seattle &'Tacoma..
'. - K*. i April 4. . ; -
CooaBay.. - San Pedro &'¦ Way;
Colombia ¦. .¦ Valparaiso- i &:Way .
-'.>-• "April B. ¦
Eureka.'.'; .' jHonolulu.-v. Seattle.
Hyades ': . ". ". - Honolnlu • & ICahulul
.-,-\-r; '¦¦¦/¦. •. 'April >6.;.. ,
Umatllla...' Puget Sound Ports.
4 pm|Pier 2
1:30 p Pier »
•3 pm Pier 2
12 m PMSS
2 pm Pier 10
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier '£
2 pm Pier 2
•9 am Pier 3
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier 7
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 24
0 pm Pier 8
» am Pier u
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
...... Pier —
12 ' m Pier 13
'9 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 13
11 am Pier a
5 pm Pier 27
9 am Pier 11
..:... Pier —
.9 am Pier 2
...... Pier —
6 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
10 am Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 10
:'. .'. . . Pier —
.:.... Pier —
9 am Pier 11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
GOODALL. PERKIXS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
jt. Steamers leave Broadway
KSsii. Wharf, San Francisco:
'wS^ik For Ketchikan, Juneau.
F&»- : *3fi'r** Skagway. etc., Alaska — It
> tSKt§!?v£<^ a - m - Marctl 27 - -April 1.
i RJwitrS V?l Change to company's steam-
; ES-jiCSJ-rS!]} ers at Seattle.
I t"x^^"l For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
... a *j|^ coma, Everett, New What-
com— 11 a, m., March 27, April 1. Change at,
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.; at-Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For t Eureka (Humboldt ¦ Bay) — 1 :30 p. m..
March 28, April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara, • Port Lcs Angeles and Redondo
(Lcs -Angeles) — Spokane, Sundays, 9 a. m. ;
Stats of California, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. i Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Ventura.
Hueneme, Kast San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport (»Bonita only).
Bonlta, 9 a. m., March 31, April 8.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. March 27. April 4. '
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month, • -
.For further information obtain *f older.
Right is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates.
T3 CJI<"F'V OTTCE — * New Montgomery
street -(Palace Hotel).
Diamond Dyesjg&wfi**^ gjj
• Men and women, young and old, enter
into the spring season with a variety of
diseases that arise from a faulty or im-
paired nervous system. .
Of all. known -medicines 'Paine* s Celery
Compound stands first " as a rapid and
sure cure* for all nervous diseases, neu-
ralgia, rheumatism, dyspepsia and blood
troubles. At this time, when the blood
is thin, impoverished and impure. Paine s
Celery Compound is the agent that puri-
fies and enriches the life .stream, bring-
ing strength, vigor and sound health.
The use of one bottle of Paine's Celery
Compound will quickly. convince suffering
mien or women that they have truly laid
hold of the spring medicine that accom-
plishes all it promises. Thousands in the
past have been saved and ! blessed by
Paine's Celery Compound; you can share
the same blessings and have years of
happiness added to'ycur life.
»When you go to your dealer see that"
you get the genuine Paine's Celery Com-
pound;- refuse all substitutes and imita-
tions. See that the name PAINE'S is on
wrapper and bottle. ; • V. :*
It Is the Great Spring Season Life
Makes Wondrous Cures.
Paine's Celery Compound
•: ; BE WISE TO-DAY,,
'TIS FOLLY TO DEFER ITS USE.
PAINE'S CELERY .COMPOUND.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
-\rxr*x*.o.r>jxj-»j-tj-i_<-fcj i_n_r-i.ru-u-ij-i..-u, V>J^^J>^j^j^^AJ-ur\ri.-ur-.^fi J -.j...
SOUTHERN PAOIPIO,
Trains !•<**• »•»<• i»r« •!>«» t» itrrlf* •>•
*AN' ncANCi»«:o.
; (Main Line. Foot of Markat Street.) .
tK*T* — rBOV FXB&UART 9. 1901 — AXKTTS
~:OOa Benida, Siiiaun, Elmira and S»or»-
- • uieuui 8:S3*
> TiOOa. Vac-irille, Wl&tere, Rutnsey ?>33>
1 >3Oa Mkrtrnez, Bau Uamon. Vallejo. Napa,
C'allsti'ga »nd H*ut» Uosa 0:23*
8iO«a DaTis, Woodland. KnfetiU Lmdln?.
MatTSTllle. Oro»llle_ 7>3-l»
SiOOa Atlantic K 1 press— OjhToii and Rait »:SSa
»:<>«a Mies, Lathrnp. Stockton 1j3.j>
tiuojt Sllea, Mendota, Hanford. VisaUa,
Porttrrilla fc .. 4«t»»
SiSWa Shut* KxpreM— Darls, vyilUama (lot
Bartlett fiprinffs?. Willowa. Cad
. Bluff. Portland. 7i3S»
• i»O* Sun Juaa, LlTsrmors, Stockton,
1 . loua. Haoramento. FlacttrflUe.
M»ris*lll«, Chieo. Kn-Uilnff 4>2.1»
MiXOa Oakdale. Chinese, Sonnra. Tuolumna 4s2Sy
1):HO* Haywaril, Kilra aud Wa7 SUtium.. I liA3«
•iAIIA Valle]O ISi35f
tfioo a Los Anceies Express — Martlnei. ¦
Tracy, Lathrnp, Mtockton, Merced
Fresno and Loa Angeles 7:39*
•JtltOA V.II^J... Martinez nml Way SUlI<!<it 7 :•"»."» i
IUsOma The O»erlin<l Limited— Osdsu, L'en-
ver. Omaha. C!iic»gr» (ii23>
' fltOftr SaerameuUi l.'lT«r Ste*in<ini |HiOO#
SiOttr ISenlol*. Winter*, aaoramento.
Woiiillanil. K11UI1U LaudliiK.
M»r»»tlllr, Orofille 10:39*
li30r llajwanl. Nile* aad Way Sbtlon*.. 7:33 j
4>oop Martinex, Hau lUiuon. VnKeJu. ,
N«rv *Ml»inn*. H«i. t» Itona »'2.1»
4tOOr NDe% T.t*ennore. Stockton. Lortl... ISiaSr
4iili»r H»yrnr,1. Wiles, Maik.lnao, Liwrmor* fSiSSA
4>S"r Tim Owl Limited *- Fresno, Tularo,
lUkeraflalil. Saiifiia for Santa Bar-
bara, Log AiiRelea 0>B9»
BiOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Laibrop. Stockton I «»i23*
aiOUr Martin's. Antioch. Stockton, iler-
eed.Fresno 13i33y
0:O«p Ha/mard, Nile* and Sao Jos* 7i33»
t«:<M»r Vallajo II1O4
•lOOrOrinntal Afall— Ogtteo, Dobtk.
Omaha, 8t. Louis. Chicago «i23»
TitOpOragouand OallfornH K*vr»»*,H*a-
rmtientif. M»ry«»lll», Jtmlillnv.
]"i>rtl»n<1. rnge» H0111.1l ami Eaat •i33*
¦¦••IrSan Pablo. Fort Costa. MasAaes
and Way Stations Hi23*
t8»Q!lp TalUjo 7iS>f
COAST LINE (Narrow tiauga).
(FoDtotMnrhBtStraet.)
s>iI»a Ne<tark.Ont«rvlll»,Haii.!os«.F«lton.
lJoii!.ierCr«*k,8ant»Ctur»nd Way
«UUoi.« .;..- •»••»
l»tll>p Ne»aik, Centorf Ul», Ban .Jo»», N«w
¦¦ ? ¦ * Almadeo, Velton, llonldar Oreek,
Santa Oils aad lrlaolpal Way
Station* !••'»•*
4s1.Tr Nawark. H*n Joa«. X.on Oa.tog *8i3»a
•*.3ur Hunters' Tralu-San Jose aad Way r
Stations t7.»f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
toa SIS riUXCISCO— Fmi «f Xukit Street (Slip 8>—
t/:lB 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:C3 3:i3 MSr.if.
rrtmOHUda— r»il.fBr»>«l"ij.— frt.00 U-00 te.C*
10:00 a.m. 12:33 a.CO l:C3r.u. _^_^
COAST IilNE (Broad flanga).
' (Third and To" main! St».)
~ O: I »a Ban Joaa and Way HUUona.. ....... ••:*•?*
7:0«»\ Hai> Jom mn| Wai SUtions f9:OO4
/7s«»A Now Almadrn /«UO»
•>««? Coast Use Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy, Salinas. 8ar. LnJa Oblapo.
Bant» Barbara. Lou Angeles and
principal Intermediate sUtioui.... IO«43»
•f«Oi H*u Juts, Trea linos. HauU Ortix.
Pact lie «Jr<>T», ftalinn. Ban Lob
Obtspo and Principal intexmedUt*
RUMons «<!•»
10i:t0A San Jose and Way Stations. »i»4a
IIiSWa Han Jos* kihI Way Stitllinis *><••*>
ftitsr San &latro, Uedwooil, Menlo P»rk.
Talo Alto, flanta Clara, San Jim*.
¦ Trea Fioos, Santa Dmx, Sallnaa,
Momerey an<1 I'aelne Grots tlo-4.14
¦:3»r Han Joss and Wiy Stallona. • •»•»
Mslftr SAiiJnseanil Principal Way HUtimi S>S«k>
4iS4r Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days. Fridayo. for Lo« A ngelea. El
raso, New Orleans and New York.
ArriTes Sundays. Inesdays and
Thursdays ' IWilS*
MlOOr San Jom. Los Gates and Prinoipal
• ' Way Station* t»«OOa
¦ l*«r 3au J.me >n<l Prinoipal Way Stations «>3«v
B::n»p S*n Jnsa ami Way Stations 7>3«ts>
7iw«p Kaw Orleans Exprena — ¦ Pan Lola
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Loa An-
nies. Demlng. El Paso, Now Or-
leina and East - lilt**
f»ll«3p San Josbhp.1 Way Station* 7i»O»
? for Morning. r for A rtwrnoon.
f B«nday exeeutetL } Hnnday only.
~-CJB*tS<r3** WaU- - /Tuesdays and JtllUlV.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AH3 N0BT.4 PAGlFiS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECBAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
Only $60. Including meals and berth, for the
round trip, on board the Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving: SAN
FRANCISCO APRIL 7th, due back April 27th,
calling at ENSENADA, MAGDALENA BAT.
SAN JOSE DEL CABp. MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA. LA. PAZ.' SANTA BOSALLV and
GUAYMAS. Mexico.
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel), or 10 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco.
Nearly everybody seems to be taking Prof. Mon .
/on's » old Cnro whenever a cold appears. It
relieves the head, nose, throat and lungs so quickly
that a cold need no longer be a forerunner of grippe "
diphtheria or pneumonia. A vial of the Cold Cure
is like a life insurance policy. Every one of his
remedies is as «ure. Mostly 250.. vial. Guide to
Health free. I Miww>n. New York- and Philadelohia.
nr^TovN txhaleb CUBES CATlBKIL™
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31, re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elepant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year
landing all passengers and freight •without loss,
mishap ; or delay. For passenger rates and
Nome folder,' apply Ticket Office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hotel)
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Genl. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
—FOR
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Prof. Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation
Restores Lost fiflanhood.
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed Mail.
No C. O. D. or Prescription Scheme.
h-HOX". JULBS LABOKiJiJ,
DISCOVECES OF "C.U.TSOS. 11
"CALTIIOS" is put befora you on its merits alono.
Try it and put it to tha test. TRY IT FREE.
Send OB your nntna and address nnd we will g4nd you
enough "OALTHOS" to liwt flvo dajs. It will be
¦cnt In a oeuled package by mull. .
The mnrvolous French remedy "CAI/rHOS* re.
cently introduced in this country by The Von Mohl
Co.. of Cincinnati, Ohio, ono of the Inrgest, richest
und most responsible bnr,iness firms in the United
Stntos, has nttraetod the attention of the nntira medi-
cal profession becaaso of the wonderful cures it has
effected. If you sailer from Lost Manhood, Vnrico.
' eels, Weaknosn ct any nature in the Sexanl Orentis or
Serves, (no matter how caused) "CALTIIOS" will
restore you.
"OALTHOS»ii the dtecoTery of Prof. Jnlea La-
' borde, famed in Paris as Franco's foremost specialist,
"CALTIIOS" is the only remedy recounted by the
medical profession as a specific cure, for weak men.
"OiLTHOS" has the endorsement of the German
and French governments, and is largely used in' tile
¦ standing armies of those countries.
All correcpondence relating to the "CALTIIOS"
department of oar business is strictly confidential. <
We neither publish nor furnish testimonials.
iJdr«THEVON MOHL CO., 216 B,
PreptrtSin. ¦> th. C. 8. CINCINNATI, OHM
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Ktrst and Brannan streets at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers tor India,
etc. No carsro received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
¦ .Tuesday. April 15th, 1002
SS. NIPPON MARU..... Friday. May 9th. 1002
SS. AMERICA MARU
. - «» ¦ 1.'. ..'.Wednesday, June 4th, 1002
Round-trip tickets -. at reduced rates. " Fop
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
: .'. VT. H. A VERY, General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Cabin, . $105; ' Steerage. $40; Meals' Free.
S..S. Leelanaw Sails Friday. Mar. 28
S. S. Argyll Sails Friday. May 2
From Howard-street "Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger - Of flee. CIO Market st."
$ P. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
TO .NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
PANAMA R.R, ST^f
/£jaj8J^. DRij MEYERS & CO.
/fir^JV SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
LKH «S6 ".1 Established 1SS1. Con-
1 *^. -^ 1 vl sultation and private book
I l^(4^y I free at offlce or by mail.
V J~TOTOr / Curos guaranteed.
N»^w/ 731 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL,.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
' ... .. -..-. ..Saturday, March 28, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
• .....Saturday, March 29. 2 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs., April 10. 10 a. m
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Geisral Acs., 329 Marfcfit
Gen'lPass. omce, 643 Market St.; Pisr Ko. 7. Pacific St.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican,
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, oler 10, 12 m./ \ . /.
COLOMBIA 4 .'. April : 8|GUATEMALA..Apr. —
' TUCAPEL „ . . .April 19 PALENA. ... .. .May —
. a These steamers are built, expressly . for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. (No
change t at Acapulco or Panama). Freight and
passenger offlce.i.'JIC California street. ¦ V-- - ¦
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE i & CO., Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Oia Sud Americana th Vapores
f!rf>Aa*ll4> K $E & p £i, *'' M:! « ima -
8 p. m. - is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
: daily.
7:20 a. m. is BaUersfleld Local, stopping
> at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offlces — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:4» a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:1." a 10:50 p
"Hanford..- 3:12 p 3:27 p S-.OSa
" Visalia a. 3:39 p 5:00a
?* Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p ....'...
a for morning, p for alternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
' ited. carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining: Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs . to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
San Francisco to San RafaaT.
WEEK DATS- 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12 :5?>.
... S:3O. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at .ll:3O p. m. ¦ Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:^0, 3:30.
;:00, 0:20 p. m.
San KaFael t~* >^an Frnncis;n.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:1O a. m.:
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. n>.
SUNDAYS— $:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.'; 1:10, 3:40.
5:C5, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 128, 1901 1 San Francisco.
"Week I - Sun- I J Sun- I Week"
Days. [ dayg. | Destination [ days. [ Days.
7:30am| S:00am Novato. 10:40am| 8:40am
S:30pm| 9:30ain Petaluma. 8:05pm'10:23am>
5:10pm. 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7 :35pm j 6:20pm,
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor, 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
1 Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:23am
SfOOam Guerneville. 7:33pm
3:30pm 5:C0pm * 6:20pm
7:30am S:0Cam Sonoma 0:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen.. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am! S :00am I 1 10 :40am 1 10 :25am
3:30pm[ 5:00pm[ Sebastopol. j 7:S5pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; a:
Geyserville for Skaggs ¦ Springs ; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Wiltits, Laytonville, Cummins. Bell's Springs,
Hacria. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. - .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street, Chronicla
building. , — ¦."
:H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAX.
Gsn Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to AH
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails April 3 13 £S
SS. GEO. W. -ELDER Sails .....'....'
Mar. 29. April 8. 19. 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 MonB'y.S. F.
O. R. & /Vn CO,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. Leave Via Saasalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. S3n Fran.
: tWf ; ,.«.»,.„» Sun- \Veek
2*£L da > s - ». th. -r«,™ .f i«ui- for*;
9-30 a. 8:00a. j.^oMg u.t« m mo 1-00 P. !r.45 a.
1:-L5 ?. 10:00a. r.,-*u,uc-rtwMMig : S? «¦ ** *•
Tin, S»a frnKtm to Summit >ad Mm, U'M.
SakotOaco, til XilSK S'Milir wd diUSALHO JSSiX.
This slgnstcrs is on crcry box of the ge&olne
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
ti# resaeir that csrea a cold in one dajb
t^i^ii
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G12O KEABST ST. EstaSllsb.-J
in 19S4, for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manuoud. DehlMt.v ur
rllsfas" wenrlngnn body and nilnrt and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures wli*-n
others fall. Try him. rhargres low.
Cnrfiganruntrrd. Callcrivril*
Di, 4% S'. CUBSOS. Ktvu SYAHcisco. CaJL
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m..- 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. ;m.,- 12:30 noon, ,6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, a Mission-street dock. H VTCH
BROS.'
FOR II. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steimers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICEiLO
:•;..? NEW .YORK, ANTWERP,' PARIS.
Friesland.TApl.' Z, noon Pennland.Apl.'- 14, .1 pm 1
Southwark.Apl. 0. noan-Vaderlantl.'Ap,- 16,'npon
.INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION , CO..
-'!0 Moutsomery st.
. CHAS. D,, TAYLOR. G.' A." P, C.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St. Paul.":"Apl. 2, 10 am)Philad'pha.Ap'.l(>riO am
St. Louis.VApl. 0. 10 aai 5t. Paul.'.Apl. 23, 10 am
. mir> STAH IiXSTE.
BAY AN3> BIVER STEAMERS.
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY,
Crocker, bulldlns.
Operating 1 stage lines between Illamna Bay
and above nolnts. ..' . . ' ¦
; First class to Havre,' $70 and upward. Sacpnd
class ; to ¦ Havre, $45 and upward. . GEXERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED . STATES, and CAN-
ADA. 02 Broadway (Hudson - building), New
York.: J. F. FUG AZI<;& CO..' Pacific .Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue," San Francisco.
.Tickets sold by; all. Railroad .Ticket Agents.
03MPAGNIS . 0ENER< V. v T3AN8*TL\NTIQD3.
DIRECT LINE. TO. HAVRE-PARIS. JjjMa.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of ¦fiEtfvaM
Saturday, at 10 a. m.,7 from- pier-12, ¦iaWrfTTnl
North River, ¦ foot ¦' of Morton ¦ street. I. ';.¦'. :
§1IM. >1GO3. VITALITY ior M£N
MOKMON BISHOP'S PILLsj
have been In use over fifty
year* br the leaden of the
Mormon Church and their
follower*. Poeitively cure th»
¦worst cases in old and younc
erieinB from eSCects of neir-
abut«. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lo«t
Manhood, Impotency, Lc«t
Power. Xlgtat Losses, Insoni-
rta, Palss in Back. Evil Desire*. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Uc&iness to Max*
ry. Loes of Semta. g» ,« . Varlcnctleor Con.
rtlpntlon. Stop N*r *T& 8J vous Tvi-Itchla* of
Eyelids. Effects are Immediate. Inj.
part vlfor and pote «-«¦»#» ncy to every fun--
tlon. Don't eet despondent; a cure is at hand
Kestore' snail, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain end nerve centers; COc a box; <5 for
f i CO by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with <J boxes. Circulars free.
AdJr^ss BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis si
fcen Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
•nd 40 Third street.
Slany people suffer from piles because
efter trying various lotions, salves and
ointments without relief or cure they
come to the conclusion that a surgical
operation is the last resort, and rather
than submit to the shock and risk to life
cf an operation prefer to suffer on; very
often, however, the afflicted one is over-
persuaded to resort to the knifev and even
though the operation is apparently suc-
cessful and there is complete recovery
from the shock incident thereto the result
is invariably the sabe — the piles sooner or
later return, because their cause has not
been removed. This result is a logical
one, inasmuch as the knife removes the
effects of the disease only, while the
cause remains as before. There Is claimed
to be a remedy which does remove the
cause, hence eradicating the disease, and
that is the Pyramid Pile Cure. It Is in
the form of a suppository, is applied di-
rectly to the parts affected and brings
about a complete cure, quietly and pain-
lessly. In this connection the testimony
of llr. John Cullen Bryant, the well-
known bookseller of Haverhill, Mass., is
of unusual interest.
"I desire to contribute an unsolicited
but purely voluntary testimonial iA favor
of Pyramid Pile Cure. I have suffered for
more than twenty years with hemor-
rhoids, and have consulted numerous phy-
sicians and have expended a great deal
cf money for medicines that did me no
good. I had often seen Pyramid Pile Cure
advertised, but hesitated for months be-
fore buying same, thinking it a patent or
quack remedy that had no merit; but
having tried every other ' remedy pre-
Bcrited I was finally persuaded one year
ago to try Pyramid Pile Cure. I bought
a 50-cent package at the drugstore, and
while I may not be permanently cured,
the past year has been the only year of
my life worth living during the past
twenty year^, and nothing but the Pyr-
amid remedies have wrought thi3 change.
I offer this testimony for the benefit of
suffering humanity."
Should Be the Last 'Resort.
DANGEROUS SURGERY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.Cashier of Southern Pacific Makes
Arrangements to Liquidate
Indebtedness. . , '.
Cashier Charle3 H. Smith, who .is b«-J
Ing sued for ITOOdua as alimony by hl"»*
former wife, will , pay Mrs.. Smith all n* '
owes her. * Hla-legral representative ap'
penrcd'* before Judge Slnss yesterday and
announced that his client would pay Mra.^
Smith $100 on April 1. $200 on April- 13.
ui.d $200 on the first of each succeedlnjr
menth until the amount due is paid up.
Divorces were granted yesterday" to
Marie F. Dunbar from Frederick O. Dun
bar for failure to provide and Annie Mc-
Donald from William J. McDonald for de
sertion and failure to provide.
A suit for divorce was filed by • Sarah
Kibbie against \V\ H. Kibble for failure
to provide. ,- ' ;.
Used Hatchet on Mah Tung.
Kan Ah Gow was tried before a jury In
lodge Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon
and the jury brought In "a verdict • of
simple assault. He had a dispute on Jan
uary' 1 with :AIah Yung on Stockton street,
between Jack3onand Pacific, and struck
Mah Yung on the back, of the head with.
1 hatchet. ' He will be sentenced flatux-
SMITH AGREES TO PAY '
BACK ALIMONY, TO WIFE
CHICAGO, March 27.— Traders who ran to
cover. yesterday on the reports of crop damaga
In winter whoat hnd their fenrs allayed soon'
after the opening hour. Cnhles were t higher
on the damage .reports* and. thoro was n fair
number of buyers. Small Northwestern- re
ceipts nlso wcro bullish Influences. Only so
long as corn held 'firm did wheat keep ' its
opening strength? Rains wero reported over th«
entire winter wheat crop, and the weather
was too mild not to be taken notice of. 8tatls«.
tlciins reportfd the growing crop as good, If
not better, than at first , expected^ Corn had
been expected to take a decided up turn, but
was socn belns Bold liberally ¦ ancj weakened.
This gave . the weather an opportunity to 'be
felt to ItSvfull extent, and wheat grew sick
and staggered- downward. Liquidation and
stop-loss orders added to the decline and bears
took control. May wheat opened %cto'4Cc
higher at 73V4c to 73o, and held there for
Forr.c time. The depression took May to 71 Vic
and In pplte of! liberal covering- of short ac
countslate In the day the. close was very weak *
May 1%@1%c depressed at-71%0i71V4c ».'•.. v.-.'j
. Considerable '-strength was manifested '¦ all
day in corn despite the marked weakness that
developed In wheat. -.There. was,nlso persistent
selling of corn by big traders, especially by the
crowd that was supposed; to be trying to cor
ner July options, ' but prices held well. -¦ May
closed easy, V4c-,lower at 00>4@50%c; ?'•';-¦-»• >-
Oats had some strength earlyunderthe in
fluence of corn." Liberal offerings and the late
weakness In- wheat and corn ' caused ¦ a ' weak
market, and May closed %c off at . 42%a "¦;ij ,;
• Provisions showed 1 marked strength.- again
owing; it Is : said, to -active manipulation by
Chicago ,Grain Market.
XHW TORK, March 27.— The feverish and
••rratlc 1 i«-i -iiiiitLm In Colorado Fuel occupied
the lartrvKt share of attention on th« Block
tCxclmnge lo-day. The violent drop of 5% in
the price of this utork was alleged to !><• due to
the derjrt- of the mcraber* of the pool to nhaki;
«.JT a weak following. prrllmlnary to n renewed
«.ii\ jiiwi- in the "¦¦•< k. A more logical explana
tion was found tn the admission to the Stock
Kxrhanre ll*t for the flrrt time to-day of the
convertible tends of th« oompary. There lias
».'••!> a vrry aotlvo market on arbitrage for
th«a«e bolide tn the curb for some time, due to
the feet that th«*y w«-re considerably lower In
jrh-f than the etock wan quoted on the «-x-
Ojanne. The operttfOS consisted In buying of
the bends on the curb and nelllne on the "Stock
Exchange. It was necessary to borrow etock
for delivery until to-day, when the convertible
1.1.11,1* became a rood delivery against the sale
cf tne etook under the ruling of the exchange.
fii'zi to Colorado FupI the greatest activity was
in Amalgamated Copper, for which there was
en active demand, tn which brokers usually
employed by tnsld* interests were conspicuous.
The movement was believed to have been di
rected nK3ii:n the ehort interest. The stock
lc-rt most of Its gain and Colorado Fuel recov
ered a good part of Its loss, although it was
near the low point st the close. An active de
mand for Sugar sprang up late In the day, ap
parently based en the advance In the price of
nil grades of refined sugar. The amlcabie
courite of negotiations between the anthracite ¦
miner* and the operators increased a covering •
movement in the coalers and caused general
edvancea throughout the group.' The* con
tinued calmners In the money market while the
demand was being made to carry over- until
Monday next relieved apprehension of a' flurry.']
EASTERN MARKETS.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firmer,
with higher Liverpool and. Paris cables.
Chicago was firmer. In sympathy with ths
foreign markets and. moderate receipts, nnd
rose from 72%o to .73 Vic but 'subsequently fpll
back'to 71%c, with largo selling by Cudahy.
Gates and tho commission houses. Thero was
also liberal selling by many , operators, r>ro
numably for short account. The week 'halt
been favorable for tho crop, which U devnlop
lng fully up to If not better than expectations.
Tills market was unchnnited on the spot and
rather weaker on call, - The Exchange nil-
Ji.unii'il 111 the clone of tha morning session 'In
rfsnnct to the memory of Albeit GerberdliiR,
und (in It hnd prcvlounly voted to rrmnln clcm«*il
on Good Friday wlir hold no morejacHalona till
Saturday. ' ' ¦,'.,.
' Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 .10; milling.
$1 11V4©I J»%.P*r ctl. . vi '•
, CALL BOARD BALKS.' .
. Informal ' Session— 0!15 '. o'clock— December—
12.000 ctls. $1 (17%. , ¦ ., \T.
. Hocond Session— No Kale*. • '¦
MloKUlar Morning Besston— December— 10 000
ctli. $1 O7V4.
No afternoon fusion.
HAHLI3Y— Uuslnens Is of a holiday charac
ter, , though price*: rule. firm, t^j*; s
.' Feed. 03o for No. I and l»2V4e for off gradrs*
brewing and shipping grades, 07Vic®$l; Chrva-
Her, 96c©$l 20 per ctl.;- ". , . '-,-.-
CALL BOARD SALES.,
" Informal Hesslon— 9:15 o'clock— December
2000 ctls, 77%c. ¦ •• - , ,
• Second Session— No sales. • ¦ . ¦
Regular Morning ScbsIoh— No sales.
,' No afternoon . sesttlon. , " ,
\ OATS — There Is nothing new. to report,? the
.market being as dull as ever. . . ¦ i
Grays, «130®l 40;' whites. $1 30®l 45- Sur
prise, $1 4001 45;- black, il 12V4@l 22U for
feed and $1,22 %@1 32V4 for seed; red. $1 30©
1 42V4 per ctl. . : .; . - *
CORN —^The market is . neglected at the : old
quotations. ¦
Large '.Yellpw. $1 35@1 50; small round do
$1 35J?;1 50;. white, $1 ?15(g>l 40 per ctl '
RYE— 92#@05e-per ctl. . . ' . f.
. BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1, C5®i .75 ] per
Flour and Millsin ff s:
FLOUR— California, Family 'Extras, $3 50®
3 75, ¦ usual terms ; ' Bakers' . Extras. $3 40@3 50 ;
Oregon," |2 75^3 25 'per '.barrel; for"' family -and
Wheat and Other Grains.
.. Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, (10 days.....* — $4 80
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88»i
Sterling Cables .'.. — ¦ 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight.'..../— 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12^
Silver, per ounce ...;..... — . KP/j
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 43 1«,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots, 0©llc for Royula. and
lo&l'litc for ntnndnrd in fancy Moorpark<i;
Kvnporated Apples, '80»)c: tun dried, fio;
I'l'iuhoK, •Hitis'/kc; Peara, 0@0c; Plum*, pitted,
r.ftfCo; uniilttcl. H4«2>-io; . Nectarine*. r.Vi«(>o
fur red it nil fHHfuo for white; Hk», 4Miu for
blnek und 8Viv<lo for white.
PRUNES— 1001 crop am quoted as rollowa:
.10'io'a, CfiiUMie; 40-oUn, -I <Ji rti r» Vi 0 ; ¦ 50-00' a, i\i
m%o; (J0*70'a, U%U * Vi c ; 70-80'a, .'Hi 4(3 <>;<<; Si')
00'a, 'HmVic: nu-lOo'n, !2^®2<Ko per lb. .
UA181NS— Heeded. H'Crown, He; 2-crown, (Hi
Q7%o; Ix>o»e Muscatels, UW for 4-crown and
5V4o for seedless;. 3-crown, <io; ll-rruwu, S'Kc;
S«i-illr(ti» Sultnnns, nVjo for unbleached and ¦ (iff
8^0 tor bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; l)«
heaa. $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Loyers.
$1 25(ffl 35. m /
NUTS— Wnlnuta, No, 1 aoftahell, 0^©10c;
No. 2 8©8Ue; No. 1 hardshell. Uc; No. 2, 7o;
Almonds,. 10Vjifft2n for papershcll, ' 0©10e for
noftshel nnd (KiiTo for hardshell; Peanuts, Oitli
for. Eastern; Ura*ll Nuts. t2©l2Hc; Filberts.
12dC\2¥jc; iVcaiiH, llffiKte; Cocoa nuts, $:< 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 11W1"q for bright and i><tfila
for. lleht amber; ; water ¦ white extracted, 50
6c: light amber extracted, 4©5o; dark, 4c. .
V , UEESWAX— 27 V4©29o per lb.
'Provisions. ,
. \ A general advance in Hams, Bacon and Lard
Is expected next week, and Indeed some houses
say that they will advance their quotations ' on
Monday' Irrespective ; of other .houses. They
will have to do this to make a profit, as they
have for : some; little itime been ¦ selling at or
below the • cost of ' Importation, r Chicago : was
again higher yesterday, with .. Pork leading in
activity and firmness. : The cash demand, how
ever, was moderate. - . : , • .'- ;
¦ CURED ' MEA'l S — Bacon." 12c ' per lb for
heavy,"-. 12Mc forlli;ht medium; lS%c for. light
14^c- for. extra light and'ISe for augar-curtd;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, .'13^13%c; Califor
nia Hams. 11%©12%c; Mess Beef. $9 B0@10
per; barrel; extra >Mess, ? $10' 60®ll; Family
$11 50@12r prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear
$22 50@23; : Mess, '? $18 50@19; Smoked Beef'
13 1 ,6@14crer lb. . . , , . . : •
.yLARDT-Tlerces; quoted -at 7%c per lbTfor'j
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $101 75
for standard, $1>75@2 50 for choice and $2tf2 75
lor lancy; extra lancy, ?3; Seedlings, }ltf
1 75; Tangerines, in quart?r boxes, 75c@$l anj
$1 2501 CO In half boxes; Lemons, ' 75c@$ I . for
common and $1 2">i?tl 75 for 'good to choice and
$2(82 75 for fafney; Grape Fruit, $1©3, Includ
ing seedless; Mexican Limes, $4 50®5; Hn
nanas, $1 25472 per bunch for New Orleans and
flSii! for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per doz.
APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extra, $1 25®
1 70 lor good to choice and W)c<S($l xor ordi
nary. • .-.
Apples continue to- move oft well. Fancy
Newton > Pippins, if obtainable,- would . bring
better . prices. , ¦ ¦ ¦
The 'Orange market is firm .under moderate
supplies and a steady demand for northern
shipment and the Honolulu trade. The local
demand continues brisk for . desirable '¦ sizes.
Three cars announced for to-day's aXtctlon.
There Is some shipping demand for fancy
Lemons and this grade Is scarce. . Cheaper
grades are plentiful - and rather dull. - .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LONDON. March 27.— Consols. 04 5-16; sil
ver, 24 13-lCd;. French rentes, ICOf 70c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and' steady; No. 1
standard' California, 29s 10'/4d: Walla Walla,
28» »d: English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. March 27. — Wheat, quiet; TNo.
1 standard California, Cs 3d<Stis 3Vid; wheat in
Paris, flrm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, weak; weather In England, flne.
COTTON — Uplands,' 4 23-32d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW .YORK, March 27.— The cotton mar
ket ' opened strndy, 2@4 points higher, and
closed very steady, 4Q>l.'i,polnta higher,. ,
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, March 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29,500 barrels; exports, 2400. Weak and lower
apain to sell. - . ¦ «••• •
WHEAT — Receipts, CG.500 bushels; exports.
2-JOO. Spot, easier; No. 2 red, 82%c elevator
and 85c f.o. b. afloat. Wheat' .opened active
and advanced sharply on talk- of a' corner in
ccrn and small Western receipts.- Attempt 'to
take profits In the afternoon, however, caused
the bottom to drop out, the close being weak
at lVs c net decline. May closed at 7794 c; July,
closed 78c: September, closed 77%c.
HOPS — Firm. ' " • -
HIDES— Quiet. ...
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Quiet. " . '* ¦
COFFEE — Spot Rio. qule't; No. 7 invoice.
5%c: mild, quiet! '- Cordova, 8@12c.
closed steady, with' March 5 points lower and
other months unchanged: Total sales, ; 11,750
bags, including: May, $5 45; September $5 85'
November, $0 95; December, $U 05; 'January.
$0 10. .
SUGAR— Raw, strong: fair refining, 3$&c;
centrifugal. 90 test. ."t%c; molasses sugar,
2v4c; refined, strong; No, 13, 3.85c; No. 14
3.85c.
DRIED FRUITS." . . . • '
' Evaporated apples are meeting with a very
light demand from -jobbers and «eem to be a
trifle raster In tone on medium and lower
grades, but about. steady on choice and fancy.
Prices are unchanged at the moment. '" State,
common to good, 7@-8%c; prime, Offittuls
choice, 9^@10c; fancy, 10%@llc. 1 "*~"
In prunes business Is quiet and there Is lit
tle feature- to the market-prices holding about
eteady on & moderate demand from Jobbers
In apricots and peaches the Interest Is quiet
also, but the views of holders remain steady
PRUNER-<nse7e.- ¦ .' ""-7?,,
APRICOTS— Royal, 10<314e; Moorpark, 11^4©
12Vif.
PFAC1IES<— Peeled, 14®18c; unpeeled, 80
The Oil Exchange was the interesting spot
in the stock market yesterday, owing to the
spurt in Sterling, which sold to the amount of.
some thousands of shares within the range of
$1 52%@1 00, with some buyers" options a frac
tion higher. The excitement in this stock is
due to the securing of a contract for 1,500.000
barrels of oil for the Hawaiian Islands at a
price which for the present is private. Sover
eign, which leases 20 acres from the Sterling
was also active in sympathy, it being hoped
that it would participate in Sterling's ' good
fortune later on. Lion also sold freely. .
On the Bond Exchange Onomea Sugar was
firmer, selling up to $24 50, and there was a
«£ ™ Ba 7 S, 0 " 0 " 68 Power 5 per cent bonds at
$107 50. Trading was light on the morning ses
sion and dull in the afternoon. . -. • ¦
The. Mining Exchanges will hold their usual
sessions to-day, but the Stock . and Bond Ex
change stands adjourned to, Monday
The Makaweli Sugar Company has elected the
following directors for the ensuing year- S T
Alexander. H. F. Allen. I. StrassbuTger "w"
Gregory. W. G. Cooke and W. M. Alexander'
S. T. Alexander Is president. H. P Allen vice
president. W. . M. Alexander .treasurer and
George M. Rolph secretary. The Makawell re
ports of operations represent the business of
the Hawaiian Sugar Company and show the
gross earnlnga of the year ending December 31
1901. to have been $902.533 50. The operating
expenses were $617,882 35 and the net earnln«
for the year were $284,651 21. The surplus on
hand December 31, 1001, was $102 521 64 The
amount of sugar made was 13,05ft tons ' It la
expected to resume dividends shortly. "
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
THURSDAY. March 27—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. Bid Ask
4s qr coup... 112 113 ¦ 3s qr coup. ..100VU10
4s qr re*. . . .ill m% '4s qr c (new)i;t9>413-j«
MISCELLANEOUS BOND8. '
Ala A W 6s 70 H 103 Oc S3 Co 5s. — 101 K
Bay CPC Bs.lO7U108 Ombu* C 6s. 131 135a?
ijal-st 5s.... 110% — Pac O Im 4s. 00 100
C Costa Cs.,110 111 PkftC H Os.,107 — .
Ed L&P tts.. — — Pk&O It (Is.. 117 120
Ker&C H its. — — Pwl-st R fls.117 —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR Bg. 07% —
II C&8 5H«. — — 8F A 8JV5«. 123^121
. Do Os..... 00 — Sierra CttlUs.lOSfSUO
L Ang II 6s. 121 — S P of A 6a
LALCoCs.— — U909) ....113H —
Do gtd 0s. — — ' (luiO) . ...IH'.j —
' Do gtd [is. — 10014 B P of Cnl (Is
L A ft P 6s. 103 — <100C)8r A.1C9U10014
Do lem Bs.102 — (19<i5)Sr IM10V4IU
Mkt-»t C «s,12tlH — (11KX1) ...,U2% —
Do lem Bi. 119^121 (1012) ....122*il2.1Vi
N It of C 0».lll8 — BP of C 1st H
Do DH.....12.IH — c gntd 6s. 120 _
N Pac C 6s. loitfcl 10V4 Do atmpd.lllH —
N Cal R fta.lltt — HP Ur CftUI«.14(> 144
S*S S a " 5 s *Ir?5J2i s v Wat ««."0T / 4iu%
Oak Trn Cs,123?il25 Do 4s 2dm.lO2%loau
Do la; ; c5s.U2& — Do 4« Rdm.lO2H —
Oak VTQ It. — 10.1H fltkn G&EOs.lOt! 104
. WATER STOCKS.,
Contra Costa 75 78 I Port Costa.', raw ea '
Marln Co.... 60 — .JSprlng .Va!.. 01%. 92
; GAS AND KLECTRIC. "
Cent LAP. 2H — Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% 8ae E GAR. 35 —
Mutual 3 4% 8 F O & E. 4.1H 41U
O G L. & II. 5<M4 57Vi 8 F O t, Co. 5W p
Pac O Imp.. MH »« . IStktn O & E s —
y ' INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 ;
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 80% — L PA A.... ICG 170
California ...422^ — Mer Ex (llq) 18U —
Cal aafe Dp.ll7Vi — S F Natlonl. 137 y. — '
First Natlonl — — .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German- ....11)90 — . Sav & Loan. — 100 •
Humboldt . . — Security Sav. — 340- •
Mutual > Sav. 79 • — ... Union Trust. — '¦ 2200
S F Sav U.520 — I
. • street; railroads; .-..-.
California ..165 : 172V5 Market ".'... ;l00-' — "
Geary .'..... — 60 Presidio .... 45 :
POWDER. ..V ~: / . : .
Giant: .. 70% 10% Vlgorit ..... 3& * •';'
aqaBWMBB| sugar. ¦ • .< . . ¦ - : .-
Hana ....... 3% 3% Kilauek '.-.:.— — *
Hawaiian ... 33% 37^'Mdkaweli .. 22 ' 23" '
Honokaa : ... 10% 10% Onomea ...'. 23%" 23 "
Hutc&lnson,. lift 11% Paauhau .... 10% 12
The pressure has remained nearly etatlonary
over the western, half of the country. . An
creR of high pressure overlies the coast north
of San Francisco.
The temperature Vias ripen from 2 to fi de
prees over California. In tlie great valleys
the temperatures are above the normal for
the first time durlns the pact ten days.
No rain has fallen in California. Light
northerly winds prevail in the Interior and
brl?k northerly winds off Point Conception.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 23. 1902:
Northern California— Fair Friday; light
northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Friday; light
northerly wind*, ohanirlng to winterly.
Nevada — Fair Friday, continued warm
weather: light northerly winds. ' .
Fan Franr'iKco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
l'.Kht northrrly wind*, rhansrlnjr to fresh west
erly. ALEXANDER 0. McADlE.
Forecan Official.
FORECAST.
Astoria 30.42 50 40 NW Pt CIdy .14
Baker 30.12 44 34 NW Clear .00
Carson rsO.10 52 24 N Clear .00
Eureka. 30. 2O 52 4O X Clear .CO
Fresno SO. 00 €8 38 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 2a. 90 42 4 NW Clear .00
Pooatello, Id..2».9O 40 2S W Pt Cldy T.
Independence .29.96 €2 S2 N Clear .00
Los Angel*...: 30. 00 C8 . 4S SW Clear .00
rhoerlx 23.80 68 36 SW Clear .00
Portland 30-34 52 44 NW Pt Cldy .03
Red Bluff.... .3O.O8 70 52 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.34 50 32 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..30.0* C8 52 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 30
Fan Francisco. 30. 08 CS 44 W Clear .00
fi. L.. ObiEpo..30.0tf 68-38 W Clear , .00
San Diego :i0.00 C2 46 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.34 S2 38 N Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.14 48 32 N Pt Cldy .O">
'Noah Bay 3O.34 46 M W Clear .02
Walla Walla.. 30.14 56 38 NW Cloudy T.
"Winnemucca ..'JO.ftS 50 28 N Clear .00
Yusia 29.92 74 44 N Clear .00
Temperature. 7 a. m. — 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March 27; — To-day's state
rnenl: Available cash balance, $174,532,332;
gold, $92,011,004. . . - . . .......
I jfjrff |« »•» -
STATIONS. ft || f| ? | |a. ;|
¦ Z c ¦ *» ¦: §
THE COAST RECORD,
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. March 27.— Wheat— Quiet and un
changed; bluestem, eOc; Club, 65c.
... .-¦ :,- OREGON. > ; -
. PORTLAND,' "March 1 27.— Wheat— Walla
Walla. C4@05c; Valley, C5Vsc. " ,
I Cleared— .British - bark . Lota,. - Queenstowri,
with < 81,319. bushels wheat; British ship. Irich
oape Rock, Algoa Bay, with SS.520 bushels of
wheat. • . ...--¦
The total shipments of wheat, from thl3 port
for the week ending to-day were 217,816 bush
els. - ¦ • ¦ .
Northern Wheat Market.
SPOKANE. March 27.— Clearings, $245,800;
balances, '$28,814. ;_-' V .; '. ¦ ¦ - ¦ >
SEATTLE. March : 27.— :Clear!ngs, '$475,093:
balances. ,$130,771. • . . : • • , -, -.
, TACOMA, March . 27.— Clearings, . $1C6,81C'
balhrces.-?42'.2»f). • • •"¦»?'•• • . •
; PORTLAND. March 27.— Clearings, $374 345
balances. ¦ $5(5.144. '¦'" ¦ ¦¦:•.'
Northern Business.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NEW YORK, March 27.— Money. on .call, firm
at 4@5 per cent ; closed offered at 4 per cent ;
primo mercantile paper, 4^@5 per "cent;' ster
ling exchange flrm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 84-5i@4 84% for demand
and ?+ S5% for sixty days; posted rates. $4 SC
and $4 SSMr: commercial bills, $4 84Vi@4 8. r >%;
bar silver, 5.TJi*; Mexican dollars, 4S'/lc; bonds
—Governmeiftr steady; State, inactive; rail
road, irregular. " . 1 . ' •: -•¦ >
Nezv ' York' Money Market.
The stock market opened quiet \ and then
rrew cheerful In the hope of • definite -peace
news from South A fries'- after Easter. The
death of Cecil Rhodes pro Ve's-v- to • "have been
fully discounted. - Chartered : chares opened at
3 7-16 end cloned. At -3.-. 11-1B; -.and; mines -were
generally bright, as It. is understood that the
interests of Mr. Rhodes .will .be/ looked after
by r. powerful syndicate..-. . American shares
were lifeless. Coppcx.*hares '. rallied,^ Anaconda
to C% and. r Rlo.-JrinJtosVto-;44. :..'. ?^~ > v-,.. • ,
NEW YORK. March 27.— The Commercial
Advertiser's IvDndon flnancial-. cablegram says:
EGGS— Ranch, 15V4@lCc for selected largre
and 14&@15c for good to Choice; store, 13@
14c "per dozen. . .
CHEESE— New. 9%@10i4c; old. 0@llc;
Young America, S@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per
pound. . ¦ v ¦ -
BUTTER — Creamery, 21c per pound for
fancy, 20c" for firsts and '19c for seconds;
dairy, 17@19c;. store Butter, 16@17c per
pound.
• Receipts were 48,000 pounds 1 keg and 12
tubs of Butter. 1827 cases of- Egss, 17,300
pounds of California. Cheese, — — pounds ol
Oregon Cheese and — '¦ — pounds of Eastern
Cheese. ¦ ' . .
Butter ia dragging. It is -too early yet for
general packing, and as receipts are large and
the demand for shipment, small the local mar
ket has to be depended upon to absorb the
arrivals, which It is unable to do.. Dealers
expect still lower quotations. -The Victoria
steamer took out 9787 pounds for British Co
lumbia. '.-,/¦; ;'.-'. ~ _. • ¦ ¦ :
While Eggs are not actually lower, the feel
ing is weak and lGc is now obtained only In a
small v;ay and then for an especially large and
selected article. ¦ Buyers can get all the fine
ranch they want at 15c, and 'the great majority
of sales' are at this figure, everything over it
being exceptional. Dealers continue to store
liberally, for otherwise they would find their
floors blocked. Receipts- continue large, as
will be seen.' ¦ • -" ' •' .
• Cheese continues weak under , accumulating
stocks and a sluggish demand.- •-.
Butter, ;. Cheese and Eggs.
GAME — Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails . and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $2 50
@3 50; White Geese, $1@1 '50; Brant; $1@2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe, $3; Jack
Snipe. $1 50@2; Wild Pigeons, $1 25.
- POULTR —Live Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and'15@ltic for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 70; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks. $5 50
#0 for old and $7@S for young; Hens. $4 50®
5 CO;. young Roosters, $« 50®7 50; old Roosters,
$4 50ft 5; Fryers, $4 504f6;- Broilers, $5J.i-."> 50 Tor
largo and $:<@4 for small; Pigeons. $1 50@l 75
per dozen for old and $2 75@3 for Squabs.
The Poultry market had an easier tone, as
the high prices have somewhat checked the
demand and retailers were well supplied. Hens
and Fryers were quoted lower and small Broil
ers were dull at previous prices, j There was
no Eastern received. *
, Changes In Game were slight. . Twenty-eight
sacks came in. .
Poultry and Game.
SHREP— Receipts. :-14;000.V 'Sheep, 10@15c
loweff laitibs, 15<&>25c lower. - : ' Good to choice
wethers. $5@5 40; fair to choice 'mixed, $:i 25®
4 1)0; , Western sheep and yearlings, $5 75if)
5 8r>:". nat'.y.e lamts. $4@-0'O5;'- Western lambs,
$5 25<g6 SO'., • ... : .. /';¦¦¦"¦_ ¦
HOGS — Receipts : To-day; 31.000; to-morrow,
27,000; left over, 4000. Active to S@10c higher:
Mixed' -eha butchers', ftj 40@C 70; food to
choice heavy, $0 'Mtoti 82^; rough heavy, $C 10
©0 55; light,- '$0 35tf0 r 50; bulk of sales, $0 40
©0 «J5. 1 ¦••.' . : -'- - •¦* <• --¦¦: 1
CHICAGO,
CHICAGO, March 27:— CATTLE— Receipts,
8500. including nine cars Texans. • Steady to
strong. Good to prime steers, $<;@7 05; poor
to medium, $4 25©0 40; stocked « and feeders,
$2 COS 5 25; cows, $1 30@5 50; heifers, $2 50
05 85; cunneis 1 . ?1 30@2 40; bulls, < $2 50@
5 10; calves, $2 nOirC; fed steers, $3©
Eastern Livestock Market.
' Iron was firm here and higher abroad. Pig
iron warrants .nominal; 'No. 1 foundry
Northern, $l»®20; No. 2 foundry Northern, $18
©19; No. -r foundry Southern. $17 5O@1S; No.
1 foundry Southern sift, $17 50Q)18. •-.-.. I".
. . Glaseow closed at S"s Od'and Middlesborc
at 40s 10^d. , ,-.
I Copper was unchanged at New' York, but
about steady, with spot at 12@12%c and elec
trolytic and casting at 12V4c asked. London
closed 7s «d higher, ¦ at- £52 7a Od for ¦ spot
and £52 10s for futures. - ¦ -• . . .
Lead ruled steady here at 4%c. London was
steady but unchanged at £11 7b Cd.
' Spelter was unchanged at-4#c and London
unchanged at £17 10s. -. -. :
NEW YORK. March, 27. — Trading here in
the metal market was quiet. This was duo
to the -semi-holiday character of \ the • day,- as
there will be no official traulng until Monday
next,, while the London trade had a half-holi
day to-day and business there will not be re
sumed until next Tuesday morning.- Locally,
the tin market was steady, closing with spot
at 2e@26%c. London also closed unchanged
with spot at £116 10s and futures at £114 1()b.
Nezv. York Metal Market.
OREGON,
Flour, qr sks.. .8,04^,1 Potatoes 'sks...
Oats, ctls ..... 420:;Onions, sks ....
MARCH 27,
Flour, qr sks.. 12,471 Straw, tons .... 10
Wheat, ctls ....118,738 Wool, sks .... 317
Barley ctls .... 9,850 Tallow, ctls .... 221
Oats, ctls 225 Pelts, bdls 351-
Onions, sks .... 920 Hides. 'No. .... ' SOS
Potatoes. Sks .. 2,420 Quicksilver -flka 10R
Beans, ska 37 Leather, rolls .. 147
Rye. sks . .. .32,1X5, Wine, . gals 91,700
Bran, Sks .' 915 Lime, bbls -.,..' 332
Middlings, ska.. 843 Brandy, gals ... l 200
Hay, tons . flj 930 Sugar, ctls .... 3.434
FOR THURSDAY,
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as' follows. ' per pound, in 10O-lb
bags:' Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered; ¦ 4.35c;- Candy Granulated,
4.85c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25e; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet ' Granulated (I00-lb bags '. only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c r Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra ' C. '-¦ 3.75c; Golden- C, 3.C5c; "D,"
3.S5c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more;
boxes, SOc more; SO-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes,
5c per lb. No order taken for less .than 70
barreU or its equivalent.
I COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
]3%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral, 2Oc;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15Vjc;
in cases, 22c; Benzine, in bulk, H'.-ic; in casec,
21c; 80-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 2l'c; In cases.
2614c. - - . - -.:••.
TURPENTINE — 73c per gallon In cases and
C7c in drums and iron barrels.
.¦ OIL — California Castor Oil, In cases. No. -1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
7ec; raw; 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. , 6Cc for
boiled and «4c for raw. in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, S5c; cases. SOc;
China Nut, 57 1 /4©tj8c per gallon; pure Neats
foot,"th- barrels, 70c; ' cases," 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; "Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 4lViC; cases, 47fec;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, t3%c for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian. <
-' COAL — Wellington; $0 : per t<5n; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $0 50;: Bryant, $6 50;
Rcslyn, $7; Coos .Bay. $5 50; Greta, $S; Walls
end. $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50; Cum
berland, 512 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite .'. Kgg, $ —; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel. "$11 per ton; Coke, $15
pert ton In bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mtfurr
taln descriptions, $8 45 per. 2000 lbs and $8 30
per ton, according to brand. . *
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 6c: San
Quent!n~ 5.55c; Wool Bags, 22@35c; Fleece
Twine. '-7%@Sc..i'"
General Merchandise.
The follo«-ins maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Kastern stations:
Boston 42-31 1 Kansas City . CS-42
Cincinnati *. 70-50 Omaha 00-40
Philadelphia 00-3Ci Chicago 62-48
Washington OO-:JSi Duluth 43- W
Jacksonville fi8-fiO!St. Louis 74-58
New York 54-3S:Kalt Lake City... 42-30
' (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 27—5 p. m.
The following are ;the seasonal rainfalls to
date, ss comuarea with those of the same
date lart season and rainfalls In the last
twenty*four hours:
Last This ' Last •
Stations— 2i hours. Season. Season
Kureka 0.00 44.30 41. SS
Ited Bluff » 0.00 27.70 22.17
Sacramento ©.00 15.40 17.18
San Kraneiseo O.OO 1«.«>6 IS.S*
Frpsno 0.00 O.I0 10. 2S
Independence 0.00 4.13 0.81
San Luig Oblspo.... 0.00 19.40 27.C2
Los Anroles 0.00 9.37. 14.10
.San Diego 0.00 5.53 9.19
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature.
CS: minimum, 4S; mean. 58.
Weather Report.
The London Grocers' Gazette of March 8 sayg
cf the market for canned goods: "This week
has been marked by the arrival of very large
6upplies of salmon, the Glenroy. with 30,647
cases, being the only arrival at London. At
Liverpool the following arrived: The John
Cooke, with 47.0S4 caran, and the California,
with C$,935 cases of Alaska; the Blythewood,
with C5.4SS cases Fraser River. Two steamers,
the Glenfarg and Teenkai. have brought 22.4S4
and 27.100 cases respectively from Seattle and
Tacoma. Steadiness is "the prevailing- feature
at the moment. With so much salmon Just in
there is naturally a lack or speculation, but
there are apparently no weak sellers. Prices
for Alaska range from 17s 3d to 17b Od. Cali
fornia fruits have been dull for some time past,
but there has been some improvement in the
consumptive demand this week. The John
Cooke and California have arrived at Liverpool
with 14.045 and 22.14<5 cases respectively."
Fruits and Salmon in England
At a special meeting of the Produce Ex
change yesterday morning Fairfax H. Wheelan
of the Southern Pacific Milling Company de
livered a eulogy on the late Albert Gerberding.
and the chairman appointed Mr. Wheelan, Wil
liam Berg end Max Brooks a committee to draft
suitable resolutions of respect to the memory
of the deceased. The exchange then adjourned
lor the day as an additional mark of respect.
The Late Albert Gcrbcrding.
• .. MISCELLANEOUS. ,
A'nRka Pack. 139% '— , Pac A F A. 2% 3%
Cal Fruit A*. 10U%101, Pac C !lorx,t()3
Col Wine An. — loo Par Paint... 18 — .'
Oceanic S Co ."1% ::7$£
Morning Session,
i Board —
12T» Hutchinson S P Co It 25
40 Onom<?a Sugar Cd 21 «>
20 Onomea Sugar Co 24 50
20 8 F aas & Electric Co 4-t 25
1*1 Spring Valley Water 02 00
3<> Spring Valley Water, ca«h...... 02 00
»10<K» S V 4 per cent bonds (2d nu*t> . . 10 : ' CO
$500<» Kay Co Power Co 5 per ct s 10.. 107 GO
$3000 Hawaiian C * S Co .1 per cent. »:> 0<>
*SOCO N P C R R 5 per cent bonds..:. U0 00
Street —
$10,000 Spring Valley C per cent bonds. Ill 00
Afternoon Session.
,-.-.? Board^ —
25 California Fruit Canners 100 75
,200 Equitable Gas 3 50
,105 Hutchinson S P Co '.'....... 11 50
23 Makawell 22 50
50 Oakland Gas h 10 57 50
$3000 S F & a J V bonds 123 75
Street — • ¦ * .. •
10 Anglo-Callfomla Bank ... .. . »© 00
$2000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds.. ..110 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. " . ¦
Board—
1 Hanford Sf. 0O
1000 Independence (s 90> OS
2C00 Lion 07
1000 Lion (b 60) * 08
9C0 Lion (b-'SC) 07
H)O Monte Crlsto 140
400 Mont? Crlsto 1 42'*,
50 Pe«n-le?s (b 90) 8 87 »4
23(K> Petroleum Center '07
20CO Petroleum Center (b 30) .07
10C0 Reed Crude .32'
3200 Sovereign 30
2500 Sterling 1 55
2200 Sterling (b CO) 160
1100 Sterling (b 90) 1 60
1C0 Sterling 1 B2'-i
200 Sterling 1 57Vj
Street —
200 Monte Cristo ..' 145.
'•' ''. . Afternoon Session.
.300 Giant ,. 33-
SCO Junction - '"¦ t&
•COO Junction 2©
500 Los Angeles O & T 50
• : (fl0 Mont- Crlsto , J 45
" 35 Peerless 6 75
1100 Sovereign 32
700 Sterling" (b 60) 1 «<>
1200 Sterling k -t R»
25 Thirty-three v^ ,S 0O
MINING STOCKS.
i Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco. Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
'< ;500«Best &. Belch 20 COO Justice ...... CO
: 400 Caledonia ... 47 200 Silver Hill . . 35
:C0O Chollar ..... 14
Afternoon Session.
Belcher 05 1 300 Justice 10
• 400 Chollar 13 ICO Ophlr 1 0O
100 Chollar 14 400 Potosl ....... 1«
100 Hale & Norcs 28 100 Yellow Jacket 17
, .FoUawin*: .were "the sales in the Pacific Stock
' Exchange Board yesterday:
; '- " ' i . • Morning Session.
800 Be3t' & Belch 21! 1 200 Mexican ..... '49
200 Chollar ....'. 14[ 200 Ophtr, ...!....l CO
100. Con C & V.I 27M 500' Savage ....".. 05
100O Gould '& -Cur 10 lOO Sierra Nevada 2G
1000 Justice 10
! r •' Afternoon Session.
1100 Alta ......... 0«i 200 Ophlr' '..1 00
200 B<«lcher 0r»! 300 Overman .*.. 09
, 200 Caledonia 47 300 Potosl ....... 18,
300 Chollar ...... 14 8CO Savage ...... OH
10O Con C & V.l-27'i 20a Sierra Nevada "20
1300 Justice .. 10l 200 Sliver Hill .. : Btf
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. March 27—4 p. m.
I
Bid.Ask. BM.Aslr.
Alpha 02 03 Justice C9 Itf
,\lta 04 0»> Kentuck 01 . 03
Andes Ot - 05 Lady Wash . . — ; O I
Belcher ...... 05 0*i Mexican 48 50
Best & Belch 20 27 Occidental ... 08 «>
Bullion 02 03'Ophir 100 101
Caledonia.... 46 48|Overman .... 08 ,10
Challenge Con IS 20|Potosl 15 1«
Chollar 13 14 Savage 00 <>7 .
Confidence .. «{ «S Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 30 Seg Belcher.. 02. OS
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 25 27
Con N T 02 03 Silver Hill ..55 St
Crown Point . 04 05'St Loula 00 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate ... — C6
Exchequer . . 01 02 Union Con . • 27 ?H
Gould & Cur 10 11 Utah : 05 07
Hale & Norcs 27 2J> Yellow Jacket 17 18
Julia — 04
¦ . •LIVERPOOL. ;. . ¦ . :
'Wheat — • March." .• May. - ' July/
Opening ....:...... — — 0 % " 5 11%
Closing ............ '- 0.% 15 11%
: : ' . PARIS.
Wheat — '¦ , March. , May-Aug:
Opening : ........:.... 2180 22 35
Closing 22 00 22 40
' Flour— ' . ' .;
Opening ....:... . . 20 75 . 27. 45
Closing 26 60> ,- 27 45
To-day being Good FMday the different com
mercial and stock exchanges of the East and
Europe trill remain closed, hence no market
quotations of any consequence from those
eources will be received. The San Francisco
Produce and Bond Exchanges will close with
the rest. - -
Good Friday.
Borne of the prominent railroad stocks had the
advantage of this movement, but the money
market was always dull and sluggish, as ia
usual on the eve of a prolonged holiday. The
widest movements were among a few special
ties. The late rally In the market caused a re
covery In the stocks which had been heavy
early In the day and wiped out most of the
losses.
An active demand for Green Bay and West
Indian Debenture B's was the feature of the
bond market. Total sales, par value, $4,610,CO0.
The recent restrlction-of operations In stocks
to the professionals had been accentuated this
week by the fact that it was to be a short
week, followed by an interim in the trading of
three days here and four days -abroad. ' So long
a period without an open market in which to
close accounts independent of some development
of importance in the financial world always In
duces caution and a closing of accounts. Many
of the brokers have anticipated the triple holi
day by starting away on trips, but some of the
largest capitalists, whese actions are watchc-J
closely for guidance, have returned from earlier
vacation jaunts, giving rise to the hope' that
important operations in the etock market would
be entered upon. This influence induced some
of the buying on Monday, which was short
lived. There has been a general acquiescence
in the -waiting attitude of the market in view
of the several doubtful factors hanging over It.
The money situation was the most important
of these doubtful factors. Call, loans, with
which stocks are held, are made on the day
preceding- a holiday to carry over until the day
of resumption of trading, and for this reason
alone the rate is likely to be run up somewhat
in placing loans at such a time. At this time
the forces of depletion of bank reserves at
work and the email surplus on hand have kept
the traders In dread all the week that there
would be a flurry In money on Thursday and
has been a repressive influence.- The varying
phases in the negotiations for settlement be
tween the miners and operators have been fol
lowed with attention and have had a greater
influence or the market at large than was in
dicated in the movements of the stocks of the
anthracite roads themselves. The development
of a strike at Lowell among textile workers and
<*<-mandB for increase of . wages among- New
England shoe operatives have helped to keep
attention on the labor question.
The beginning of additional suits in State
courts against the Northern Securities Com
pany has kept alive the apprehension surround
ing that Important probiem. and the testimony
given in a lawsuit by the principals in' the
great northwestern- railway contest has not
had a reassuring effect as to the actual results
achieved by that combat or the relations which
are the outcome. The activity of the Inter
state Commerce Commission in securing in
junctions against rebates and rate-cutting by
railroads and the announced Intention to In
vestigate the subject further have awakened
fears that this course may be a hampering in
fluence upon ra'lroad policies. The announce
ment of the United States Steel bond conver
sion plan has been awaited from day to day
and has been the subject of fOme perplexity
and divided sentiment. ¦ . •
The principal activity In the bond market
nas been In- issues of a rpeculatire grad-i, taj
which the movement has been irregular.
fnite.1 States bonds were aJl unchanged as
compared with the close of. last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High.- Low. Clos°.
Atchison 7.400 77% 70% 77
Atchison pfd COO 97W, 96% J»7U
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1,000 100% 100 IOCS?
Balti & Ohio r'd.:. -..,.,- ..... . . 944? ¦.
Canadian Pacific... 700 115% lij" lir.vt
Canada Southern... 109 87% 87 !! i S7
Chesapeake & Ohio. ."500 45% 45<t 4W
Chicago & Altcn... -200 35% 35% jftaj
Chicago* A pM... 200-70* 7(3 75*
Chic Ind & Louis.. 5.000 00 C4% C5%
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 1,300 78 77 U ' 7«$
Chicago & E III.. ! n !5s
Chicago & Gt We*t 800 2-Hi •>:?»£ 24W,
Chic & G W A pfd * 87V
Chic & G W B pfd." ' 45
Chicago & N exrdlv 2,400 2.'52" 2»*-V?230«, v i
Chic R I & Pacillc. 1,800 177% 17C 176%
Chicago Trm & Tr. i?2
Chic Trm & Tr pfd 200 34% 34" S4i2
C C C & St Louis * 1611X
Colorado Southern. 7.100 ig^i 2tihi -ijil
Colo .So 1st pfd 000 72 71 71 =K
Colo So 2d pfd 2,400 41 % 40 41 >t
Delaware & Hudfin 300 173 ]72«i 172V? >
Dela Lack & West. 200 285 "SI 9jM
Dtnver & R Grande " 4014
Deny & R G pfd.. 100 91*4 bi\{ »0</!
Erie • S.100 37Vi SB^i -rr
ETle 1st pfd 1,100 fi9Vi GS*. -CTU
Erie 2d pfd JOO 5D^ 05% 04%
Gt Northern pfd... 300 185% 185 185*
Hocking Valley.... 300 71 70% 71
Hocking Vail pfd.. 2C0 83% S5>A S5U
Illinois Central.... 500 141 § 141% ]«2
Iowa Central 1,000 49% 49 Vsu,
Icwa Central pfd.. 2,300 85% 84W S4?i
Lake Erie & West. 200 > 08-07% 67
Lake Erie & W pfd ..... * 10A
Louis & Nashville-. «,7OO 1OC% JCKSH looy.
Manhattan L ."J.-OO 13.1?i 1333t mi2
•Metropolitan St Ry .%«00 1(18 ' 107$ lfcu
Mexican Central... 3.400 30^, 10
Mexican Natlonl tr 4.000 l!)% 13% "ioh
Minn & St Louis.. . 600 HOW 109 1OT
Missouri Pacific... 5.700 . 09^ fl S % 09%
Mo Kan* & Texas 9 it?
M Kns & Tex pfd "" il M
New Jersey Central 102
New York Central. 5,«00 laiti ]f«" ifi-jii
Norfolk & Weetern 900 56% 5G% V&
Norfolk & We*t pf d , „ . A . oa .
Ontario &'. Western 2,000 33W 3264 v\i'
Pennsylvania «.ino 150 149% 141)t2
Reading 70.300 r.8% 56i«i fi«
Reading 1st pfd... 2.500 81% 81$ 81*4
Readlngr 2d pfd 17,200 im/. «svl fio
f^fs^i^ra: .. 80 ° OT . «K m
i!^,^lw^t^: I? % W> Iff
St L Swestern pfd 7k'*
St Paul :5,'K)0 IM% lrt.Vvl in-iT/.
8t Paul pfd........ 100 186V4 IRO',4 IMU.
Hcuthern Pacific... .'J.OOO fi5U (U«? <;r,i'
Southern Railway.. 800 32% 32>i '{21/
Ko Railway rfd... 500 04% mil 041/
Texas A Pacific... 100 40% 40% loti
Toledo St L A West 100 21% 21V, 5V /l
Tol St L R W pfd.. 700 37 % HGK fl7
Union Pacific 8,700 100% now 09%
Union Pacific pfd. 1.100 R7tZ 87% htu
Wabash 1.400 23«2 'JA 21U
Wabash pfd .:... J.fiOO 4264 - 42U 431/
W A U Urte 100 \ 10% W Jitvl
W & LI2M pfd ... 31 u,
Wlrron Central... 1,400 . 22% 22*4 22ti
Wisconsin Ccn pf»1. 500 44 n% J|ju
Kxprrfc Comiwnlei — '
Adams .... ,,. i|i-
Amerlcan 225
tTnlted stnti'H .... 100 110 110 llo
\V>lls Fnrgo i a3
Mlocellanfous—
Amalg Copper ... 47,400 i\T,% m% o.1<Vi
Amer Car & Foun." 1,800 .12 .11 « ajif?
Amrr O & P pfd.. 100 01% «t% ihl
Am*r • Wn*e«»(l Oil ' -. 01
Ami-r Mn Oil pfd Jo
Am*r Hmrlt & Ref. 100 47 47 4(!«u
Atrnr S * Hef pfd .;... .... 1,7ft?
Anaconda Mln Co. 1.300 30 2f»V» 'j\n/.
Brooklyn Rnp Trn. 7.900 ««% 114U . (|1H4
Colo Fuel * Iron.. 102. 300 107 102 mi?}
Conso||<iBtf>d Oas .. ,9,100 225%, 22.1 H 225<
Con Tobncco pfd... l.KK) 120 Hftu jjdu
Grnernl Elf-ctrlo .. 1.100 S23% «19 .122
Hocklrur Cool 900 20U 10 liiw
Inter P«p<«r ....." .... .... »\
Infer Paper pfd 7iU.
Intrr Power ..... 200 04 91 04
Laeifde Gos 400 50% 50 no
National niscult .. M%
National I^ead .... * . .;. ' is%
North American .. 3,400 127% '123 1 5i 120%
Parlflc Con*t ;. ••.,. .... 72U
Pacific Mall 200 .'44 44 4TK
People* s Gas 1,100 102 lOlift. lOJJU
Pressed Eteol Csr. 2,100 42 ¦ 4144 4iiw,
Prewfid 8 Car pfd. 200 85 83 84H
Pullman Pal Car 23fl'
Republic Bteel -. n%
Republic Steel pfd. 40/1. 74V, 74Vi 74 W
Sugar ....IS. 700 134% 131% 134*
Tenn Coal & Iron. 3,9<V) 71 70 • 70%
Unfon B«T.& P Co. 300 l(i>£ 30 10
Union B & P C pfd 100 SO SO 7sy.
TT R Leather ...... 1,500 12% 12% I2*i
TI fi Leather pfd... . . 300. 82% 82'V *>'/.
IT S Rubber .. < 200 17% 17% . 17«
U S Rubber pfd. . .' .... *..'...¦... fil •
¦ ;t a steel ...:...: 7,o«<» 42 41% 41%
•IT S Steel pfd .... S.r.OO I>4 H - »%-- 01%
Western , Union ., . ?00 f»Oti 90'4 • »0u
Amer Loco . ... 800 32% 31 % 31 %
Amer Loco pfd ... 700 04 93% 03%
Total sales.... 484, 900
HOGS^ — Live Hoks, 2C0 lbs and under, C%«:
200 lbs and over, .6 Vic; feeders. 5%c; sows, 20
per cent Off; boars, 50 per cent off, and stags.
40 per. cent oC from the. above Quotations.
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50®2 75 per
head or 6%@Cc per lb llvewelght; yearlings,
4%@5c per lb. . . :
The following, quotations ire fOr\gocd aoun'l
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: ¦ >¦¦.,¦
CATTLE— Steers, 8%®9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. . T. '
CALVES — 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight). . . ¦" . •
-Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦ ;.'•;•" .' .. I) ' .
BEEF — 7@7%c for. Steers and 6@7c per Id
for Cows. ' * ¦ ;
. VEAI^— Large, 7%@Sc; small. . 8%@10c per
MUTTON— Wethers. 8%®9%c; Ewes, 8®^%c
per pound. .... • - -¦ ¦ : ' .:
LAMB — Yearlings, 10c per lb; Spring Lamb.
12%c per lb. ¦ : . .
; PORK— Dressed Hogs,. 7% ®9c- per lb.
- "LIVESTOCK MARKET. : .
Previous price's rule for all descriptions.
DRESSED MEATS.
San Meat Market.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy, ' 10
@llc per lb.SlgOc for No. 1 and 5iS7c for No.
2; Rhubarb, 7Sc<9$l 50 per box;; Green Peas,
from Los Angeles, 3<f?5c; ' ; Bay Peas, 4@5c;
String Beans, trom • Los Angeles, 12%@17%c;
Cabbage. 40c per ctl: Los Angeles Tomatoes.
70c@$l £5 per box and 75c©$l 25 per crate;
Mexican Tomatoes. 75<nB$l 25 per box, includ
ing repacked; Dried Peppers, lllfttlc per lb;
Loa Angeles do, i:itfj'17%c; Dried Okra. 12%@
20c per lb; Carrots, 35fg50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 75c&$l 23 per dozen for small and
$1 5(l<j?2 for large: Garlic, 1%@2%C; Los An
geles Green Peppers, 12'-i@l&c; Mexican do.
lll<g>12%c; • Kgg Plant from Loa Angeles, 25@
.'!0c; Summer Squash,' from Los Angeles, $1-25
©1 75;' Marrowfat Squash, $10® 15 per ton;
Hubbard Sufuash, $10®15; Mushrooms, nomi
nal. : - •. ; ¦¦ -
ONIONS— Oregons, $2 10@2 25 for the best
and $1 75@2for lower grades; Nevada.- $2 30
@2 35; Australian. .$3 25@3 75; Green Onions,
C0@65c per box. . • ,
POTATOES — New Potatoes, 3%(g^4%c per lb;
old, SI 25(g)1.40 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks. $1 35@1 TBjl Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 60@l 00;" River Reds, $1 50@f 60;
Early Rose, for' Heed. $1 tiO©! 75; small Bur
banks, for seed, $1 20@l SO; Sweets, $1.85 for
Merceds. • •-..'- ¦ ¦ :,.-. . .
Vegetables - showed considerable Improve
ment, owing to the demand for northern ship
ment. Asparagus, Peas and Rhubarb . were
particularly 'active and the market cleaned up
well." Receipts from the bay and river were
252 boxes Asparagus, 524 Rhubarb and 220
sacks Peas, and from Los Angeles 26 sacks
and 54 boxes Vegetables. ' . — ¦¦'¦•• "-. •¦
Two cars of Oregon Onions came in and
the market* was weaker for the general run
of offerings: Fancy stock, however, brings
the top quotation when- obtainable. ,
In addition to the receipts per steamer 3
cars of Potatoes came in from Oregon and the
feeling In these goods was easier, with Jobbers
buying no more, than sufficient for their needs.
Telegraphic : advices from Oregon say that the
available supplies are small and the shipments
on the next steamer will be light. Large hold
ers are consequently? firm In their views and
are still asking high prices. Receipts of New
Potatoes were 30 sacks and brought better
prices under- a steady demand. . A .car of
Sweets came in and was held firm at the quo
tation. ; ', . :
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
•8EEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25#2 50;
Canary 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.
10% @llc; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@
2%c; Hemp,. 3 %c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@2; Green, $1 CO
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 60; imall White,'
$2 50@2 75; Large White, $2 35@2 50; Pea,
$3 50@4; Pink." $2@2 20; Red. $2 50; Black
eye, $4 5004 75; Llmas, $4@4 15; Red Kid
neys. $3 50@4 per ctl.
Whites and Llmas continue depressed, while
colored are quoted firm.
Beans and Seeds.
No grain markets to-day.
Large arrivals of Salmon at English ports.
More activity in oil stocks, owing to contracts;
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Ail grains quiet and featureless.
Hay weak. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue ivcak.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits. •
Hops slightly weaker. Wool -and Hides unchanged.
Live and dressed Meats as before quoted.
Potdfocs easier and Onions weak. Vegetables firmer.
Poultry weak, ozi'ing to the high prices.
All good Fruits in fair demand and steady.
Do ptd 119 . Santa Fe Copper. ¦¦ 3 J
Amer Tel & Tel.. 108. Tamarack... ...180 ,
Dom I & Steel... 45 Trlmountain 95
Genera! Electric. .322% Trinity J4
Mass Electric... 37 United States ... IS
Do pfd ........ 90% Utah ...22 '
N E Gas & Coke. G% Victoria ... .... o%
United Fruit ....104 Winona/... ..... IV*
U S Steel 41% Wolverine ... ... 51
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money.. 04 5-16 M K & T. 24%
Do. account.. .94 5-10 Do prefd 55%
,\nacon<5a ' « NY Central. . . . .1(56%
Atchifon 78% Norfolk & West.. 57-%
Do prefd 00 •' Do 'prefd 92%
Baltimore & OhIo.lOK% OnUrio & West.. 33V t
Canadian Pacific. 11 S Southern Railway 3314
Cheea &. Ohio. ..46% Do prefd 0T,%
Chic at Western.. 25 Southern Pacific. WO,
C M & St Paul.. 107% Union Pacific 102
Denver & R G... 43% Do prefd 89%
Do prefd. ; . . ... 93% U 8 Steel 42%
Erie 37% Do prefd 90%
Do l.«t prefd 70»/t Wabash 23V,
Do 2d prefd r.5% Do prefd »43V {
Illinois Central... 145 Spanish 4s 77%'
Louis & Nash 103% . :'
Bar silver, steady, 24' 13-lCd per ounce.-
Money, 2% (g3 percent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2 11-16 per cent. The rate of
discount In the open market for 3 months' bills
is 2% per oent.
London Market.
Do pfd .A 97%]Copper Range,:.. 71
Boston & Albany:2W iDominiori Coal ..121%
Boston &. Maine. 194V4 Franklin :...... 12 ;
Boston Elevated. .109 Isle Royale .10'
N Y N H & H . . .214 Mohawk 34%
Union Pacific .... 99% Old Dominion .... 19 : »4
Mexican Central . 29% Osceola. ... ...... 60 ;
¦ Miscellaneous — Parrot ... .'..-.... 28,"
American Sugar.. 134 Quincy '.'¦.: 130
Money-^ . j Dopfd-,.. : . 93%
Call loans .4@5 \Vestlnghse com . . 95%
Time loans 4@5 Mining — ,
Bonds — ' Adventure 20%
Atchison 4s 102% AlloueB' .:. 3%
Gas lets ........ 87 Amalgamated . . . C3%
Mexican Cen 4s.. 82% Baltic ... 47%
N E Gas & Coke. 50 Bingham 2t
Railroads— , Cal & flecla" ....590
Atchison ....... 77 Centennial...'. .... 21
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Deadwood Terra . 60 Savage 00
Horn Silver 1 40 Sierra, Nevada . . ; . 23
Iron Silver 70 Small Hopes ...... [45
Standard 3 45 Standard ........ .3 45
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con 25 Leadvlllev Con ' . . . ; 05
Alice 40 Little Chiet ;.."... "11
Breece ...'.." 00 Ontario ... . . : . . ."'. .7 25
Brunswick Con ... 09 Ophir :.. ...'..... 95
Comstock Tunnel . 05 Phoenix ... 06
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Potosl ... \...... 12
Do Ken 4s .... 87% Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90%
Ft W & D C lsts.112% Con Tob 4s ..... 06%
HocKing Val 4%s.lO9% ¦ ' •.
US ref 2 8 re«r ...109 <u & N unlf i«...102%
U H ref 2a coup.,.lOO%liviexican Cen 4s... 83%
U 8 as re* lOOVi Do 1st Inc .;.. 33%
U B Ss coup .....loi) Vi Minn & St L/4b.'.103%
U S new 4a re*. 12!) }vl K & T 4s 100%
U S new 4a coup.l3»V£ I),, 2J» 72%
U S old 4s reK..lll jf'Y Central l«ta.lO4%
U h old 4s coup.. 112 Do *en 3y$s ...108 .
U S r» s rejf 100 W J Cen gen 6s..l40Vi
U S Pb coup 100 Northern Pac 4s.. 100
Atchlson gen 4s.. 105% Do 3 3 ...: .74%
Do ddjuct 4s... «4>iiNorf & W con 4s. 103%
Bait & Ohio 1 4s... 104«i pleading 4s... 00 ¦
Po 3%s »5->i |!t L.&I M con 6s.l20
¦ Do conv 4 S ....107 kit 1^ & S .F 4s.. 99%
Can Soujh 2d3 ...10»' |j5t 12 S W lets.. 94%
Central of Qa Gs..llO% Ht L S W 2ds ... 80%
Do 1st Inc ...; 78 |ian A & A I' 4s., 91%
Ches & Ohio 4 1 /fcs.l07% (Southern Pac 4s.. 04%
C1U & Alton .'P/sa. 84% Southern Ry 6s... 121%
C B & Q new 4a. 95% Tex** & Pac lata.l20V6
C M&StP gen 48.110 Tol St L &,W 4s; 84'/4
C & N. W con 78.130% Union Pacific 4s.:105%
C R I & P 4s...U2Vi Do conv 4s;....10C%
D C C&StL gen 4s.lO3'A Wabash lsts .119%
Chi Term 4s ... 8S Do 2d B ....... .llSVi
Colo South 4a 94% Do deb D ....75
Denver & R G 4a. 103 West Shore 4a 112%
Erie prior lien 4a. 100 VV & L Erie 4s:.. 01 Vi
NEW TORIC BONDS,
MARKETS
SUMMARY OF THE
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
compound and lOVjSllc for pure; half barrel*.
pure, 11 14c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; C-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins, ll%e.'
• COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 0%c; thr»«
half-barrels, !>%c; one tlerc*,' 0%c; two tlerbes.
9%c; flv« tierce*, 0%c per lb.
Hides, Talloiy, Wool and Hops.
The local trade are quoting a allghtly weak
er market for Hops, with less demand.' Con
tracts for 1902 crop have been made at ll®12c,
but as a rule grower* are not inclined ' to let
go at these figures. The stock on hand is fully
as large as at this time last year. . *
, There la no further change In Wool or Hides.
. HIDES AND SKIN&— Culls and brands Mil
about l%o under quotations. ¦ Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c: medium, 9@9%c; light, 8@S%c:
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and -8c for light;
Stags, iin^/hc: Salted Kip. 8c; Salted Veal. 9c;
Salted Calf, 10c: Dry Hides. 16c; Culls. 14c;
¦Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool. 20®e0c each: . medium. 60@75c; long
Wool. S0c&$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
Si'i for large and S2 25^2 50 for medium. $1 75
©2 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hidp*.
dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25-51 BO for medium. *t
HI 25 for small and SOc for Colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c: winter wr thin skins, 20c. ,, Ooat
sklns-rPrlme Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,'
50c; medium, 35c. • ¦ -
TALLOW-Nol tendered. 5%@Cc per lb;
j No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, ZiQSWjC.
WOOL — Spring Southern. 1" months, %@lC>c;
do, 7 months. 9®llc: Foothill, ll©J3c per lb.
HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12%@13%c per
lb for good to choice, first hands.
pncMrri to bring price* to higher level' for the
purpone of unloading their products,. There
was another lure* rhgrt line covered an>l k<>ii
crally heavy trading wwltiij; 1 Offerings war*
principally by lontr*. who. took profit*,,... May
pork closed atrong, C6o above' yesterday, .jlaVu
10©12'/iC higher and HI* btyiytC up. ..;¦ r ; . ,
¦ No rerrilon to-morrow.
The leading futurpn ranged as. follows;,
Articles 'Open, 4 High, Low. : Cloge.
Wheat No,' 2-* -' 4 . ¦('.;• - *•••' ,'¦'
May. (-72% 73U , .71% . M%
July ........ / 74 74 > 71% -¦¦72(2
September .. 74% 74>/» 72V4 72%
1 Corn No. 2 — ' ; •
May 00 00% 59% C0%
July ......;. 60% . ' 01 % ., r.9% , ,.-B9%.
September .. B9% 50% C8% • 68%
Oats No, 2—
May 43% .,4.1% -v 424i 42%
July .35 35Vi "341,6 34%
September .. 29% 29% ; 29 29
¦ Mess Pork, per bbl — .'.-..
May ....16 25 .10 70 10 25 16 70
July ........10 40 16 85 10 40 16 85
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 9 75 9 82% 0 T2% 9 82%
July ........ 9 85 9 90 , 9 82% 9 90
September .1 9 07% 10 00 , 9 92% 10 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— .-•-¦-.-• ,
May 8 87% 8 90 8 80 8 00
July ........ 8 97% 9.02% 8 92% 0 02%
September ..9 07% 0 07% 0 02% 9 07%
Cash quotations' were -as Flour,
steady ; No. 3 spring wheat, 70@73c ; No. 2 red,
78%c; No. 2-corn, yellow, 58%c; No. 2 oats,
42Vj@43c; No. 2 white, 44@40c: No. 3 white,
43%@44%c;-No. 2-rye, 5«%ig;57%c; fair to
choice malting barley, > 59@C6cj No. 1 flax seed,
$168:^0. 1 Northwestern; $1 74; mess pork,
per bbl, $16 C0@16 65; lard, per 100 lbs, $9 15®
9 75; , short-rib sides (loose). $8 75@8 90; : dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 7%@7V4c; short clear
sides (boxed),. $9 1S@9 25; whisky, basis of high
wines,. $130; clover, contract grade, $8 75. ...
. Articles — v r • ' Receipts. Shipmenla.
Flour, ' barrels ;.: 20,000 . 29,000-
Wheat, bushels 09,000 . 46,000
Corn, bushels 127,000 - 53,000:
Oats, bushels; 100,000 . '"117,000
Rye, bushels 9,000. .' 3,000 «
Barley, bushels ........ 20,000 ' 6,000 \ .
; '.On 'the Produce Exchange to-day: the butter
market was easy; creameries, 20@27c:? dairies,
19%@25c.' Cheese, firm, ll%@13c.\ Eggs.
steady ;'¦ fresh, 13^@14c. : r; •¦¦, •' -
"All descriptions - remain about ' as before
quoted, Bran and Middlings being firm and
Hay weak^ j The , fine : growing, weather", is
against 'all articles under this 'head.
BRAN— $l. r >fi)l« per ton. '
MIDDLINGS— $17 50@20 per ton.
¦FEEDSTUFFS-r-Rolled Barley. $20@21 per
ton; OllcaKe Meal at the mill. $25@26 ;. Jobbing,
$26 50@27: Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal.
$29@30; Cracked Corn, $29 50030 50; Mixed
Feed, $16(^17 60; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
¦ HAT— Wheat; . $9@11 60; Wheat and . Oat,
$8 50@ll: a. Oat. $8@10 60; Alfalfa, $S®11;
Clover, $7@9;v Volunteer, $6 G0@8 60; Stock,
$6@8 per ton. - "• •
STRAW — tO@GCc per bale, t • ¦ ,
Hay and Feedstuff s,
THE SAW" JfKAJSUJLSUO CALL; JfJUDAY, MAiiCH 28, 1002.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Nezv York Stock Market,
$3©3 60 for Baker*' ; : Washington Bakers', $3
V" CO.
MILL8TUFFS— Prleen in sacks are a* fol
lows, usual discount ' to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Ry« Flour, $2 75: Ry«
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $1; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$l®4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4©4 25; Cracked
Wheat,- $3 60; Farina,. $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $G85<@8 33;
In Backs, (0 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5;. Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs.
11
THURSDAY, MARCH 27.
• Lucy and Joseph Pllger to Charles Diamond,
lot on B line of Van Nesa avenue. 65 X of
Union street, N 35 by E 107:11%: $10.
Peter and Adeline C. B. Johnson to Charles
H. Rehnstrom lot on S line of Green street,
159:6 E of Octavia, E 20:6 by S 137:6: $10.
William and Henrlette Ludemann to Doris
Kohlberg (wife of Herman), lot on SW corner
of Cedar avenue and Octavla street. S 41' by'
W7":p; $100. .
-Nannie Marks to Nettle Adler (wife of Harry)
and Uly and Florence Marks, lot on 8 line of
Golden Oate avenue, 82:6 W of Laguna street.
W 53 by S 120; gift.
Georgle L. Patten to James W. Mullen, lot on
N line of Sacramento street, 168:9 W of Web
ster W 25 by N 128; $10.
1 William H. and Julia Harries to California
Title Insurance and Trust Company., lot on 3
line of Vallejo street, 6S:9 "W of Flltmore. W
e8:», S 137:6, E 68:9, N 137:6; $10.
A. C. Freeman to F. W. Altken, lot on 3
line of Vallejo street. 360:6 W of Baker, 3
137 :C. W 25. NW 138:6, E 21; $10.
Same to same, all Interest in Western Addi
tion block 574. bounded. by Broadway. Vallejo,
Baker and Lyon streets.' quitclaim deed; $10.
George T. Marye Jr. to same, all interest in
Western Addition block 574, quitclaim deed;
$10. :
A. P. and Lillian K. "Woodward to Carrie S.
Kiefer, lot on NW corner of Shrader and Fred
erick streets, N 25 by W 81:3; $10.
Crocker Estate Company (corporation) to
George F. and I Emma L. Burnett. % of lot on
S line of Waller street,- 156:2 W of Shrader.
W 25 By S 137:6; $10.
S. L. and Rebecca Magee to Henry S. Ma
gee, lot on E line of Julian avenue. 157:6 N of
Fifteenth street, 28:8 by 94, life estate, revert
ing to S. L. Magee; grift.
I Sarah L. Moore to John H. Batcher, lot on W
line of Guerrero street. 29 N of Liberty, N 23
by W 1C0; $10.
John and Mary V. Wanner to same, lot on
NW corner of Liberty and Guerrero streets', "W
100 by N 20; $10.
Henry French to Sophia Vaughan, lot on B
line of Harrison street, 270 N of TWenty-slxth,
N 25 by E 100; $10.
Vineenzo Bocca and Antonio Bocca, to parti
tion (each party half) lot on SE corner of Du
pont and Hlnckley streets, S 40 by E 62:6; $10.
. Thomas R. and Thomas N. Holm (and as
trustees under deed of Catherine Holm and
Mary A. Trigg) to Louis Frledlander, lot on W.
line of Stockton street, 80 S of Sutter, S 20 by
W 60: $10.
Wilbur F. and Robina L. Boardmanxto Ed
ward Convey, lot on S line of Green street.
137 :C E of Hyde. E 3:1) by S 137:6; $10. - .
Henry and Emille Van Bergan to Florence B
Moore (wife of A. A. Jr.). lot- on SW line of
Third street, 85 NW of Mission. NW 60 by 8W
107; $10.
Francis H. Page to Henry C. Page, lot on
NW line of Clary street, 275 SW of Fourth, SW
25 by NW 80: $5.
Mary Tlerney to Rudolf Franke. lot on SB
line of Clary street, 100 SW. of Bitch, SW 25 by
SE 75; $10.
Apne* Hayes vs. Joseph McLean et al. (by
O. H. Umbsen. referee) to Agnes and Cecelia
Hayen,. lot on SW lin» of Sixth street. 150 NW
of Folsom. NW 12:6 by SW 153; $10,900.
Maria and John Englsch to same, tot on SW
line of Sixth street. l«2:0 NW of Folsom. NB
12:6 by SW 185; grant.
Peter Candese to Charlotte Gales . (Gardlll*).
lot on NE Una of San Bruno avenue. 122 :.1 NW
of Snltnas avenue. NW 30:014. E 1*3. S 23. W
130. block 6, Garden Tract Homestead Associa
tion; ?10.
Builders' Contract*. ".
Cornelia A. Thompson (owner) with McCuI
lough Contracting Company (corporation) tcon
tractor*),' architect James A. McCullountw- All
work for n. two-story and attic frame r«*ldcnc«
with concrete foundation, on E line of Devlsa
d«ro street, 102 :8H 8 of Jackson. E 110 by 8
S3; .f H».!il.THE SAN/ FEANCISCO CA1.L, JfKlDAY, MAKCH 28, 1902.
12
| T^oniRiNG^Hoiisrcs Fon s\i,r— c«u».
A^ uwa ; I"*"" !^f«irThT^amXunidlnT
-. > Telephone Black : l-S-O-.J.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, rms. 1-2,'
\ -•-.-¦.;•. MONEY TO LOAN. ¦-.-..
Big free list of. lodging-houses: at , my offlce.
All for sale on easy .terms. Please call. .
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market— Some bargains:
$050—15 rooms; Market st.
$375 — 19-room house. Jackson st-
* $200 — 7 rooms; rent $15.
$: J ,000— 30 rooms; and 60 more houses. -^
" Some' good bargains." : Only honest: trade. .
A — 16- ROOM lodging-house in Oakland: must
sell soon ; no agents. Box 4254, Call office.
Oakland. -> ' f- '. '¦¦'-.'¦'>
A LODGING-HOUSE of 7 rooms for sale.. 2
Golden place, off Golden Gate ave., nr. Hyde.
NATOMA, 217. two blocks from Call— 10 rooms.
neatly furnished; price $275; rent $32. . . -¦ -
$250—32 ROOMS; part cash; or will trade for
some. 765 Market st, room 2. :..¦¦•'
\ SPIRITUALISM.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tueg.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush ft.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
ETHEL CRINDLE— Materializing seance Fri-
day and Sunday evenings, ' 50c. 325 Ellis st.
SEANCES every Sun.. Wed.. Fri., 10c; sittings
daily. Prof. Holtman Wrcnn. 1382 Market
MRs7~HARLANb'S circle to-night, also Sun-
day eve., 10c; readings 50c. $1. 132 Sixth st.
Mrs. Hubbard,' 100 Oak; circle Tues.,Frl,8 p.;
Wed., ladles. 2:30 p.; 10c; reading dally. 50c.
PROF. GEE, 8% G. G. ave. — Readings, 50c-$l;
$1 readings in circle Tues,ThurB.Frl.nlght.25c.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. : Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 33!\ McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
¦ Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10e.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
, penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are ln trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
A 50c and $1; PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry; how to win man
or woman you love; mall $1; send date birth,
lock hair. 6 questions. 1007% Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance'
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for, pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to S p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double velU-second sight;.:
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $: palm, and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names: S0c-$l: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c. gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards Jk. tea .leaves
read accurately; L. 25c. G. 50c. 521^ Eddy.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. JACQUE. - trance sittings & palmistry,
$1; card readings. 25c & 50c. 309 5th St.. r. 12.
CARD reading and astrology. 148. Sixth st..
room 22. second floor. \ <
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages, ln wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.-
CARPET BEATiyOjAKpCLEAXIJfG.
WHEN you become disgusted . with poor work
send to SPAULDING' S Pioneer Carpot-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama «.; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market,bet.8th&0th;tel.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main .194. QEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison 6t. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone EastJ126,.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— Xo charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market et.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A SUNNY cottage, 3 rooms; newly papered;
$6. 709V4 Harrison st. (rear).
DENTISTS.
A^DR".T?^rHIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices;- pure gold fillings. $1.50; other
x filllnfc8. $1; erold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up.
'"¦ Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; offlce hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,"
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 0 Turk st, cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
¦ SON, D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannof break;
- warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth at.
SEE my new pink Ivory i plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin — Pain-
less ext., 60c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. . SHEPARD, 14 Geary »t. — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st. —
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without date. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. . . ' '
DRESSB1AKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School;
corset making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap . by . druggist*
- or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.. • ¦
':;.•; educational.
h^al^s^otwX^f^eIle^toical^ngT
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
' tlon, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly/
practical; day and night 24 Post st; S. F.;
catalogue . free. . . ; .
'AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete • bus. education; shorthand,
typing, ¦ bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat; free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.V
. S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment;'
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free. -
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school . for the university, law and . medical
colleges; references. President i Jordan ; or any
• Stanford professor. ."Phelan Imlldlng. *j_.-
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
¦ MARSH COLLEGE. la this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. *.
ACTING, elocution, specialties ; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical , agency., securing
positions. Alcazar building,: 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec," mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
¦ der Nolllen School," 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast-
beginners and college graduates • perfected.
TARR, expert accountant. 210 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page ; catalogue free. "305 Larkin stv
SPANISH. FTench,etcProf.DeFlllppe'sAcademy
of Languages.320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs."
HKI,P WA\TEP— W.MAI.K— Cnn. ,
AT C. R. HANSEN & c6.'sT. Phone Grant 185.
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ... . . . . .
4 more extra; waitresses, 3 . days' work, fren
¦ fare both. ways ...'. ............... t2 a day
• " 50 waitresses, city and. country.. $20-$30
3 restaurant waitresses.' $6 and $7 week
Woman assist kitchen and pastry - work. f. ..
.;..........;.....; . . ...... . . . . . ... . .$1 day
. 2 chambermaids to wait, same country ho-
tel ......... :¦.-. . . ... . . r. . : . . r. . . . . . .*20
Fancy lroner, • summer resort ........... .$.10
¦'Swedish chambermaid, no board or room;. $30
Chambermaid, rooming-house ...... $8 week
. 3 chambermaids,* same hotel, city.... $17 50
Dinner waitress > ,T. .v $12
Cook few boarders, - resort, see boss here..
$25-$3C
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Cooks, houseglrls,. second girls, nurseglrls,
city and country; colored man and wife for
general work on a farm, $40, see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 10* Geary st.
..Will romove March 31 to 429 Bush st. op-
posite California Hotel. \
WANTED— Pantry girl for institution. $20;
waitress, samo place,- $20; cook. $30; 6 res-
taurant waitresses/ $8; restaurant cook. $35;
4 second girls, $20. $23; 3 nursrglrls. $15. S20.
$25; 4 chambermaids and waiting. $20; cook,
hotel, country, $3S, short • distance; kitchen
helper.- $25; also a large number of girls
for all kinds of housework, city and country.
Call to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutter st. f
FIR8T-CLA88, reliable position for all kind*
of hotel and family help; best wages. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will Instruct inexperienced hands the trade
of making overalls free of charge: will be
paid while learning. LEVI STRAUSS ¦*
CO., 32% Fremont st Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Experienced sewen for alteration
department. Call between 8 and 10 a. m.,
I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis St. *
RESPONSIBLE young woman cashier and help
wait, restaurant. Call between 4 and 5. 759
Market st. A. STENBERG.
WANTED — Four attractive girts, between 16
and 20 years old. to work at street fairs. Call
at 604 Fulton st.. between 1 and 4:30 p. m.
OPERATORS on silk and wash waists. B07
Market st.
TOBACCO strlppeV wanted: also girls- wishing
to learn cigar making trade. 316 Grant avt.
EXPERIENCED operators and apprentices on
• gloves. CARSON GLOVE CQ.. 35 Market.
YOUNG girl 12 to 17. assist in small family;
good home. 17 Woodward av.. nr, Val.& 13th.
GIRL for housework, sleep home, $10 month.
- 831 Turk St.. flat 30. ' ¦..,
WANTED — Respectable.' neat/ Protestant
woman for housework and good plain cook-
Ing; kind to children; good home in country;
state wages desired. Address GEO. OSMER.
Alma. Cal. ' v_^
At PadflcHalrdresslngCollege.Murphy bld.,r.91;
halrdresslng.massage.manlcurlng.wlgs.swltcb.
etc. ;cour»e.$5;2 wks;positlon secured;day ; • ve.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
YOUNG girl to assist in caring for Infant; good
home; $10; references. Call 3233 Paclflo ave.
WANTED — First-class saleslady for cloak and
suit house: steady place. Box 4423. Call.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework. Inquire
1 Brodertck at., cor. Waller, from 9-12 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced skirt hands "and er-
rand girl. 116 Stockton at, rooms E and F.
GIRLS bet. 15 and 18 to sew on buttons and
make themselves generally useful. 656 Mls-
, slon Ht, third floor. ¦ - . .
A HIGH-GRADE .position for a cultured
woman. Box 4530, Call.
A NEAT, willing young girl to assist with
housework ln family of 3.- 217 Third ave.
TYPEWRITING taught, $5 full course; short-
hand speed class, $2 mo. 027 Market r. 305.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands and ma-
chlne. operator. Apply 1200 Geary st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
help' wanted-— male.
• ,
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary at.
.. FOR NEVADA— RAILROAD WORK ..
SHIP MORNING.. AND NIGHT
FREE FARE ' FREE FARE
BOO teamsters ...* $2 a day
600 Laborers $2 a • day
ICO Rockmen $2 and Increase
3 carpenters, railroad camp $3 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK— BIG TUNNEL
100 tunnelmen ....." $2 to $3 a day
25 laborers, outside work $175 a day
SHIP DAILY FREE FARE
Farmers, ranch hands $30
Hotel clerk .$50
Cooks, waiters, kitchen hands
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... 104 Geary st.
Will remove March 31 to 429 Bush st., op-
posite California Hotel.
RAILROAD laborers and teamsters. $2 to $2 25.
free fare; washer and polisher, $15 a week;
3 car builders; 2 coal miners, $2 CO
to $2 75 day; 2 ranch teamsters. $30 and
found; 3 milkers. $30 and found; 3 chore-
men." $20. $25 and $30 and found; 2 farmers
and wives, $35 and $40 and found; vegetable
gardener. $30 ' and found ; Jobbing gardener.
$1 25 day and board; 10 woodchoppers, 80c
to $1 25 cord: 8 lumber pliers. $2 day; edger-
man. $70; cheesemakcr and wife, $40.- and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
STEWARD for country hospital. $30 and found ;
boarding-house cook. $40; restaurant cook.
$12 week; short order cook, $40; kitchen man
for resort. $25: waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay st.
. . . .Free Fare — Nevada — Railroad Work. . . .
...Ship Every Day
50 drillers $2 25 a day
5d shovelers '.$2 a day
CO elopers ....$2 a day
50 teamsters $2 a day
. . .For Sawmill Company, Mendoctno Co. . .
10 laborers... $26 and board
6 woodsmen......... $45 and board
2 farmer* for first-class- vineyard I. $26
2 farmers. Sonoma County. $25
2 farmers, steady places. $25
• Coachman, . near , city. . . . . .'. .$30
Man about place, near city .$25
. 0 milkers, different places....... $30 and $25
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMp! AGENCY,
69 Third st, near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD MEN.
STATE OF NEVADA.
FREE FARE.. SHIP MORN AND NIGHT.
60 Teamsters
• ...".... 15 Rock Men '.
.;. 60 Laborers
25 Drillers ................
. All of the above for Nevada FREE FARE
".'...• SHIP DAILY
WAGES .... ..$2 to $2 50 a day
Head sawyer, band mill. ...... .$4 60 per day
2 men to plow orchard, steady. $26 per month
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 STOCKTON ST : T^"
Lunch cook. $12 a week; cook. $12 a 'week;
potwasher, $25; dishwasher. $25. for hotel;
gardener, take care of horses private place
$25; gardener, for plain country place $30;
second butler, $40; assistant gardene'r for
• private place, $1 25 a day and board; dairy-
man, private place, $30; elevater boy $15-
bell boy, $15. ¦ . ' • .
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 STOCKTON ST '
1 Nuree for institution. $25 and found- w'alter
for college. $20 and found ; man to milk cows
and make butter, private place $30; assist-
ant ; gardener, ; $25. . -> ' " :
FIRST-CLASS man who understands care -of
¦troytlng horses; some coachman's duties; pri-
vate family; must have- references.- MRS
M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st m " a -
PIANO player who can sing popular songs for
, resort, $35 and found. . MRS ME DAY
& CO. . 335 Geary st. ; phone Main 1575.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE; 20 Montgomery, rm 42
Walter, country hotel. $30. ,
WANTED— Sober,' rellabla young man with
some cash; $17 week; steady place; no expe-
rlence necessary. BROWN. 1 1221 .Market st.
MEN'S and boys' clothing salesmen wanted!
Apply S. N. WOOD &CO./ 718 Market st ;
BARBER. business for sale cheap and shop 'for
.rent furnished. Apply 1749 Mission st.
WANTED— Barber i good union man. 304 Fol-
' som st . .<,•.*, ¦ ¦. - . ~v
GOOD barber wanted Saturday : and Sunday.
623 Clay; st. .
OOOD barber .for Saturday. 605 Fourteenth
at, Oakland. . -sWBgSSSUKmKBBBIBBSUKmM
BARBER wanted at 2809 California st. .
BARBER— 2-chalr shop for nale; good loca-
tion; room ln rear; $125. 1712 Howard sf
BARBER for Saturday: $3..; 803 Kearny' st.l
BOY. wltji i s<5me experience' ln ¦ machine shop.
AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento St.
SAILORS : and ¦ green hands for a trip north.
V At CANE'S, ; , 78 "Jackson st. •
STENOGRAPHER • and typewriter ' wanted;
; . steady, position. '.: Box 4558,'- Call offlce. i .; . j -
EXPERIENCED city salesman," wholesale cigar
good opportunity. Box 4421, Call.
A GOOD tailor, wanted for busheling. 827 Sut-
; ter st. near. Leavenworth. ' ,
I J EDUCATIONAL- — Continued. :_.v_i
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 11
good positions last week; rapid figures a spe-
clalty. - S. F.t Business College, 1230 Market.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
.- • class. ; $1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c ; piano for practice.' 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon,nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MIBS M.- G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission: instruments selected.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1803; new 80-page catalogue free.
OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE rellabie~house-cleanlng-, coolu
and waitres' furnished at short notice.' Oeo.
Klnoahlta. 1233 Page, oor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Beat help. 411 Vj <y Farrell St.; teL East 420.
CHINESE and Japanese help; cstab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO., 040 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help."
JAPANESE and Chinese 'best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. OEO.'AOKI; tel. Bush 133.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish mo»t
reliable help. 624 Bush St.; tel._510.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter.tel.Black 5072.
WASTED— FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE~mlddle'aged ! lady would /like
position of caring for home during summer
vacation; good references. 51814 Seventh st.
Oakland.
PROTESTANT woman, neat and reliable,
- wishes light housework ln small family;
wages reasonable. Please address box 4562,
Call. i ..-
A STEADY woman wishes a position as cook
In small family in the country; good refer-
ences. Address 162 Jessie St., corner Annie.
.opposite Palace Hotel.- \
YOUNG girl wishes upstairs work and wait-
ing - at table; good reference; wages $18
month. Apply 1783 Halght st, store.
STRONG woman wants work by the day
houst cleaning or washing; $1 50 day. Apply
1783 Halght St.. store. '
ACCOMPLISHED young lady pianist wouM
like position playing evenings ln cafes. Box
4B37, Call. . ,
A MIDDLE-AGED American woman desires
chamberwork or cooking or day work where
ere can sleep home. - 402 McAllister tt.
A YOUNG French pastry cook desires position.
L. N.. 505 Hayes st. .
JAPANESE girl wants work as cook and
housework; $5 week. J. K.. 465 Jessie st
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister at
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;. $1 SO
to $6 week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10W
Valencia st
EMPLOYMENT ¦ WASTED MALE.
A FIRST-CLASS restaurant and merchants'
lunch cook, steady man, would like to get
employment. 535 Minna st. • •
WILLING German, handy and neat, wishes po-
sltlon in wholesale house.' Box 4422. Call.
GOOD barber wants Job in small country town
anywhere ln State. Box 4119. Call offlce.
WANTED— Positions by man and wife; wife is
a jrood cook and experienced ln general
housework; man good driver and thoroughly
understands care of horses; handy man
around private place; city or country. MRS.
PETERSON. 725 Utah St. '
UP-TO-DATE painter- and paper-hanger, sin-
gle, will work by the day. week or month for
hotel, property-owner or estate; has all nec-
essary ladders and tools; references as to
ability and Integrity. Box 4301, Call offlce.
GARDENER with many years' experience in
all branches ln Eastern States, 2 years In
California; best of references for extra good
wcrk: all over. Box 4425. Call offlce.
FAST carpenter; will' take charge; non-union;
•r will work by the day. Address box 4252,
t Call offlce, Oakland. -
ELECTRICAL engineer who Is thoroughly con-
versant in all branches, speaking English,
Spanish and German fluently, desires posl-
tlon. Box 4311. Call. ¦ . .
ENERGETIC young man who is well known
and a hustler to solicit orders for electro
plating works; liberal commission. Address
box 4526. Call.
SALESMAN open for an engagement; will con-
slder first-class proposition. ¦ Box 4537. Call.
STEADY young matt (German) wishes posl-
' tlon as bartender. 330 Main st
ENGINEER with good references wishes a
position. Address WM. HAMILTON Oak-
land P. O.
WANTED — Situation as engineer or fireman by
trustworthy man; with references. Box 373S.
Call offlce. .
JAPANESE wants position to do work of any
v kind between 5 and.9 v p. m. SHIME. box
4543, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. . . .
¦ FLATS* TO LET.
I FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new 6-
room flat; all rooms with bay windows open-
> Ing on park; sun all day; 10 minutes to City
Hall on Halght-st. cars. 47 Portola St., cor-
• ner Duboce Park, first corner west from
Stelner and Waller sts. : .-¦;
CALIFORNIA, 2310%. near Webster— 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. G. H. UMBSEN
& CO. . '
UPPER and lower flats. 30 Mint ave. : rent
cheap; sunny. MADISON & BURKE. 30
Montgomery st •
ELEGANT modern corner flat, 8 large sunny
rooms and attic. 1002 Page st.
NICE cozy " flat of 4 rooms; stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $18. ; 1181 A Howard st.
SUNNY upper flat 3 rooms, newly papered. $10:
653 Jessie st., above Seventh.
CASTRO. 638— Elegant modern sunny top flat.
attic. 8 large t rooms; bath; nearly new; $30.
. FLATS TO , LET— yoftMaHKii."— '
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 7 rooms;
piano. 1530 Grove at; call bet. 4 and 6 p. in.
UPPER flat. 4 rms. bath, gas range, $25; lower
flat. 2 rms.. $12 CO; 1 to 4. 1517 Golden Gate.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce.' C07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; lnves-
t , tjgate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest Co.. 326 Post
FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with ' No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
; . FURNITURE WASTED. ¦
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
:.. reasons. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner bldg. ¦
-A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture;, tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. ~' ' .¦¦¦¦¦¦
D. & F.; BLACK suede glove; best ln the world;
warranted -.kept ln repair. . 121 Grant ave.
_ _ IIEI '» > WAKTED— FEaiALE. /
WANTED— 3 girls to learn halrdresslng, mu-
' sage, - manicure, switch, : wig making, '.ln-2
wks. ; take charge of -private customers; as-.
eured $60 per mo. ; course $5; day, eve. class;
bring ad;worth'$l. ,College,233 Geary, r. 13-15.
WANTED — By retail dry goods store, compe-
tent .assistant lady, bookkeeper; only those
¦ with best of references need apply. Box 4309,
Call. - o'^T^^BW3tBfclBttMMlR?ftBi(*Ti
WANTED — Girl, experienced ' bushelman's
. ¦ helper. : 8.^ N. WOOD & CO.. corner Eddy
t and Powell sts: :- •-. ... ¦ . '
GERMAN or Swedish girl wanted for general
housework; , must ; come recommended; wages
>.-. $25. Call at 228 E. 14th st, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED . Operators on- shirts;. lnexperi-
; enced paid while learning. HEYNEMANN
& CO... 9. Hill tt, bet 21st and.22d.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls; inex-
Pfrtenced paid while - HEYNE-
MANN & CO.; 0 Hill st. bet 21st j and 22d.
JWANTED^-HoUBekeeper ; • must r have excep-
tionally good references aa to morality, love
¦ - of children and housekeeping. Box 4248, . Call.;
APPRENTICE8 to learn tailoring. BELASCO
• & HARRIS CO., 641 Market st. ? ,
WOULD tha gentleman In buggy that picke-J
up steel roller on Battery st, between Jack-
'i son and Paclflc,\ Monday evening. March 21.
\ be so kind as to return same to McNAB &
SMITH7 205 DavU st.
$150 REWARD — Lost, not stolen. March 19.
diamond brooch : route, from Beaver and
Castro sts. to Fourteenth and Market. Castro
I car, transferring to Powell. 18 IT. Polk st.
LOST — A large St Bernard dog with collar
marked K. M. DILLON. Return to 13C0
Taylor st. and receive reward.
LOST — From Fillmore and Hermann to Octavla
st, gold ring; garnet set with pearls. Return
614 Octavla st. ; reward.
j IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
! nia Watch Case . Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
j gold and silver to make new watch cas«».
J MATTRESSES AXP PILLOWS.
j TO order, also cleaned .-and sterilized; uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
i anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Pow-ll
it: tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds: mattresses: pillows: window
»hade». J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission: tel. Main- 730.
I ' MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned speclai-
' 1st. — Ladles, all who are sick or ln trouble,
consult the specialist pn female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief ln all
canes taken; the most difficult cases treated;
¦ have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a" delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. offlce & residence. 1018 Mkt. ,op. 8th.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
. teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor,
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 QTarrell st
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIE3
at the old office. 122S Market »t; 30 years*
experience ln obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies" physician; 23
years' successful experience la 9. F. Ma-
ternity Home, 906 Market St.. op. 4th; fee loir.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; homa
I ln confinement -1126 Market st. S. F.
DR. ROSEN. ladles' reliable and sincere spo-
j ciallst 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st, opposlt*
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
M 1 3CELLANEOUS---FOR
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. ilcIN-
TOSH & WOLPHAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
85 H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable
boiler complete ....$300
40 h. p. Heine safety tube boiler 150
40 h. p. Atlas engine 225
30x8 feet return tubular boiler ISO
48x16 return tubular boiler... 35O
8 h. p. upright boiler 75
10,000 feet water pipe, all sizes; belting till
you can't rest. H. S. WHITE. 130-133 Beale.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleya.
• etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
| Brunswick- Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
VALUABLE stamp collection, about 3000
stamps, very fine exemplars, to sell. Box
4561. CalK^
A— $3 00 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-*
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $63. Port-
land Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st
THE firm ot Uncle Harris has retired from
business. j
ZITHER, new. 42 strings. F. Schwarzer's: cost
$143; for sale. $50. 655 Fine st. R. Bauske.
BA'jjt AIX — 2 good bicycles, oak bedroom set.
cKTrs, tables and ( kltchen uten. 874 Howard.
I FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
, go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
; FROM 5000 to 10,000 feet of 3 and 3% Inch
pipe. E. RILEY. 109 Vallejo st..
FOR Sale — Cocker spaniel, male pup. 2 months
old.. 718 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— Brick. $4 per 1000. Battery and
Union sts.
ALMOST new Waltz safe, cost $15O. at half
price. 1008 Washington st.. Oakland.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sta. I
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. S19 Market
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. •
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgr'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tnres. BULLARD ; & BRECK. 131 Post st.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES — New .and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — To rent an ark for the summer;
must be roomy enough to accommodate at
least six people; state price. Address box
4344. Call office. "
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Offlce. 25 Stockton st; phone Busy 484. •
I WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
skins; send postal; will call. Box 4337. Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWks.,418Turk. -
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
MONEY TO LOAN.*
A— HEl^AN^MTHtP^YTlioT^oTExamlner^di
. $4,500,000 at Lowest Rates ..., '
On First and Second Mortgages „
........On Life Interests ln Estates. .......
.......Property Being Held ln Trust..... «
.....Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate:
Financial Problems of all aorta and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. - (Ine.)
$300,000 at 5V& and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Red B024; 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. " "
- First second and third mortgages «
Undivided Interest in real estate ln probate. »
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewber*
.' R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3 ...,
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first.
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantllo interests, corporation loans. Room 1*.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant are., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
— — — /
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84H ,,
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third. -I
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st. room 7. opp. Lick House.
$3f O.CCO AT C per cent, ln sums to suit in city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortga. R. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 36.
A . PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal: low rates: conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO .143 Phelan bid*.
ON -furniture, pianos; no removal; mon«7
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvata .
party; no removal: no commission; conflden-
. tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
Private party; confidential r lowest rates: pianos
& furniture: no removal. Garthels. 208 Post
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: privata
party. St. Ann's bids.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
ONE per cent on furniture: 55 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Moqtgonery st. r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 uj; no r-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal*
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. *
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
SAN FHAXCISCO CALL.
BUSIKESS OFFICE of The San Franclsro
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
3C0 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. in.-
€39 McAllister street; open until 9 SO p. m. ¦
S15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market 6treet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
J096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
CHtllCH SERVICES. !
FIRST Congregational Church, -corner Post and
Maron sts. — Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor. Good Friday service this evening at 8
o'clock. Special music by the choir. Samuel
D. Mayer, organist and musical director.
Sermon by the pastor. Theme.' "The Cup
That Jesus Drank." All are cordially in-
vited^ ' ,
REV DR. CARRADINE. the noted holiness
. e\ancell?t. will preach In this city from
March "i to April I. twice each day; on Sun-
days st 2:30 p. m.. and every evening at
7-30 at Metropolitan Hall. Fifth et., near
Market: on week days at 10 a. m. at Penlel
Mission Hall. 49 Third 6t All are invited.
ME1STIAG NOTICES.
. CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. .«.
T.. 8 Post st. — Regular assembly
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. Order (ffl-
of the Temple. All f raters cordially «rt
Invited. By order of the Commander. ' Br
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
PAST MASTERS' Association of Call- -
fornia, F. and A. M., will meet in St. Ja
John's Hall. Masonic Temple, SAT- gV
URDAY EVENING. March 29. at 8 r*^
o'clock. WORSHIPFUL BROTHER ED-
WARD H. HART. Grand Orator of the M.
W. Grand Lodge of California, will deliver an
addrecs. AH Master Masons are cordially
Invited. By order of the president.
H. J. OWEN. Secretary-
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No.' 30. F. and ¦,
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (FRI-
DAY) EVENING, ct 7:30 o'clock. IT. 7C2\
3. By order of the W. M. s ' ~ »
EDWIN L. MEYER,' Secretary.
PAST Grants' Association. I. O. .^tyUSirVk.
O. F.— Members vlll assemble =v£^SSi
in Encampment IIa!l on SATUR-
1 DAY EVENING, at 8 o'clock
charp. to take part in a fraternal visit to
Oriental Encampment No. 57.
F. L. TURPIN. President
W. T. WEBB. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O.
F.— Second (2nd) degree THIS #?3KXi
(FRIDAY) NIGHT, March 2S.
8 o'clock. Memorial Hall. Apollo '^>»» w^
Lodge Degree Team. Visitors cordially In-
vited. W. H. GIBSON. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec Sec.
OPHIR Lode? No. 171. I. O. O. F. «s--*jj«WZ<te.
— The District Deputy will pay 4S?__«5!«_
us an official visit THIS (FRI-
DAY) EVENING. There will '•»»»«
also be an initiation. Visiting brothers cor-
dlally invited. J. R. MORRISON. R. S.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso- jTi-^,
elation — Special meeting will be held fl\^ Q V-S—
at hall. 320 Post- et.. FRIDAY, <[[* — **
March 28, at 1 p. m. — AH members <
are requested to be present for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our deceased brother, |
CHRISTIAN THOMPSON. By order of the
president L. TRAUNG, Rec. Secy.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K. / - gK
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /KfftSa
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer B^Q&F9k
Hall. 24 Fourth srt. tSLSSJSJf
W H C A S'l'L F 1^^
Record Keener.
THE officers and members of " V M -
Hartnagle 6. A. Chapter No. 3." Al
V. A. O. D., are hereby notl- jfA\
fied to meet at Druids' Hall. /,/A\
413 Sutter St.. SUNDAY. /VsSEAX
March 30. 1902. at 1 o'clock /._2jA
p. m.. for the purpose of at-
tending to the funeral of our late brother,
A. D. JAMES J. MOLLIXSON
JAMES F. MARTIXONI, Chief Druid.
L. PALMER, Secretary.
THE Board of Medical Examiners "of~the State
of California will bold a. ocular meeting in
the examination chambers. Civil Service Com-
mission. City Hall. San Francisco Cal on
TUESDAY. April 1. 1MB at 10 a. m.
C. C. WADS WORTH. M. P.. Sec
ANNUAL MEETIXG-rThe annual meeting of
<he rrockholders of Ihe Western Surar Re-
flcJnc Comcany will be held at the offlce of
the company. 327 Market «t_. San Francisco.
Kfii 1 on Monday, the 31st day of March.
19C2. at the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
ether business as may come before the meet-
5Sf re h T^; e f9or 1 .'t^ 11 m CI °" oa FRIDAT -
W. H. HAXKAM. Secretary.
ENGROSSING. i i '¦ ' "
J^toJSS* etc - ln flr * t - cl *M manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Po»t
, AGE.VTS WAXTED. ~~~™
SOLICITOR wanted, man or woman, for tea
and coffee. Apply 2125'$ Mission gt.
DEBITS open for industrial Insurance agentn-
good field. Apply box 54. Stockton. Cal.
ASTRO LOGY. ' ~"
HOROSCOPES <»etrf^t^rV'p^ic7edTrerdlnx^
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~^
R -*.TJ* KIXG - a «y.. Examiner building, room
613; a ! cases; damages, estates./ will* mort-
Kag**. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.'
ADVICE free; ¦Ilvorces a specialty: quick iquiet;
no charge without success; established ltt yrs
G, W. HOWE. 850 Market st.. cor. Stockton]
'ADVICE free; oi>en every evening; low fees;
__alj cxix*. J. M. THURSTOX. 819 Market st
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg. «K!7 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees ln advance.
I1ICYCLES For Sale or Exchancc
ALLEN is wiling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
ert thing out; agency Columbla.Monarch.oth-
<ere; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin st.
piltns. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking end fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock
cases, globrs.. aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st..bet8th&Dth.
DOARDIXG SCHOOL WAXTEP.
GERMAN lady wishes 1 or 2 children to board-
eunny yard. 439 Minna et. ...
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought ;llbraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 19 id.
UISIXKSS CHA.VCKS. ~~
A— $1000; UPHOLSTERING and~carpeTTayi"ng
establishment on Devlsadero st; rent $25; at
least $800 stock en hand; good business;
eicknefs only cause of sale. Call R G
WILKE. J6V. Keamy Bt.
A— $750; GROCERY and bar on Ninth et;
estabriEhed years; good paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et
A— $550; RESTAURANT on Third et.. close to
Market; rent $S0; place clearing $150 per
month. Call R. G. WILKE. 20& Kearny st.
A — $3C0; Saloon with 9 furn. rooms, kltcaen.
etc.; rent $25; great bargain: must be sold at
once. Call R. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st
A— $C0: RESTAURANT and chop house on 5th
et. ; must be rold to-day; owner has to leave
cltyXat once. Call R. G. WILKE.26V4 Kearny.
$1500— ROAD house w:th grillroom; choice \o-
cation across the bay; lent $50. Including 4
furnished rooms; a llrst-clRss paying prono-
|ition. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 20^
$2500— CORNER grocery and ba*; kept~by pres-
ent owner I, years; a first-claas located and
1 ]*.. U8ine?E: sood and responsible man
A 7£ 14 ?° : SALOO >VV icln!ty of Market and
«?.h V ""o 1 $^ ; * =cd P'tfne business;
estab. yearg. R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearnyl
A — PARTNER wanted, with $400. in a~w^N
established business that will pay him from
$150 to $200 a month. Roliifs Co.. 41 Third.
A— SALOON on Third st.. close to Market- 2
years' lease; fine llxtures; $1000 stock- good
reason celling; $2750. Rohif» Co.. 41 Third.
A— BAKERY and delicatessen ln Western Ad-
dltlon; 4 living rooms; rent $15; clearing $125
month; bargain; $450. Rohlfs Co.. 41 ThlrJ.
A — PARTNER ln boxwood business; well es-
tablished: 4. wagons;. & horses; 3 men em-
ployed; bargain; $325. Rphlfi Co.. 41 Third.
A— ?550; HOME cooking and first-class restau-
rant; best ln city. Room 16, 1049A Market st
A — $500; OYSTER and chophouse; best ln city i
north of Market. Room 16, 1040A Market st
A — $11CO; BEST fruit and liquor store ln dtr
Call at room 10, 1040A Market st
A — CANDY and Ice cream parlors; cost $1400-
wlli well for half. Room 16. 1049A Market st
SHOULD you wish t» sell your business or de-
sire to Invest see SPAULDIXG, 916 Market
tt. room 67. for quick and profitable results.
A— SALOON muat be sold this week. Call at
Albany Brewery, between • 10 and 12 a, m.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued. • ¦
WE have I or sale ' rig hts for, the States of Cal-
ifornia. Oregon and Washington for the best
locked- wire lence device ever patented. ; The
owner of the patent is a practical ranch man
who has 200 miles of barbwire ¦ fence ln the
Panhandle, and who is now - going over the
entire fence system of his ranch, putting in
. the stays with this locked-fence device. The
device has taken like wildfire In the Eastern
States. The State of Iowa alone sold for
$10.C0o. We have samples of the device at
our offlce, where It can be seen. The prin-
cipal advantace of this fence device . is that
It makes a fence that is almost indestruct-
ible; no power can move the ttays when put
on with our patent fastener and patent
wrench. If this device were adopted ln Cali-
fornia It certainly would . revolutionize fenc-
ing. The fence is cattle-proof, and by put-
ting in enough stays you can fence against
the smallest animals. The device can be. used
on ornamental fences or lor office wire woik.
The wrench and clips and possibly some
models of t^e fence can be seen at the City
Wire Works, on Main St., between Seventh
and Eighth. Mr. Blescar, the proprietor,
will be glad to explain its use. MINING IN-
VESTMENT AND BROKERAGE CO., 34fl
Byrne building. Lois Angeles.
$800: WELL-PAYING cigar* factory and store
ln heart of "city; plenty of .stock and -good
outside cash trade; . a money-maker for In-
dustrious party; good reason for selling; full
lnves tjeation allowed; part cash; cheap rent.
Inquire P. ST DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny.
BARBKRS, attention— $300 will buy nice bar-
ber hhop with 4 elegantly furnished rooms,
kitchen, parlor; fine yard; healthy location
In the city; rent only $15 month, with lease;
clears $25 per week: present owner S years
th*re; come quick; don't miss .this oppor-
tunity. P. S. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny, room 1.
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand - Investiga-
tion. P. S. de Luca & Co., 318 Kearny, r. 1.
NOTICE to buyers— It will pay you to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO.. 31S Kearny st.. room 1. . ¦ ..
WANTED — Honest, sober. Intelligent, well-ed-
ucated eentleman with $300 cash as partner
In profitable office business; must be of good
address; large profits; positively a good prop-
osition to suitable party. 318 Kearny St.. r. 1.
_________ ~~~~
850 Market st., corner Stockton. *
Telephone Grant 177.
. Real Estate Arent
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent.
A — Branch bakery, grocery and notions ln Oak-
land; 4 rooms completely finished; chickens,
etc.; good location; price $500.
A — Grocery and bar; corner on Geary st. ; fresh |
and selected stock; D years' lease; 4 living
rooms; rent $18; price $000.
A — Saloon, near Third and Market sts.; good
paying- place; price $800.
A— SPECIAL; $8000 clothing, gents' fur. shoe
store invoice; old established; top location;
best town this State; long lease: would con-
sider partnership. Hedges. 461 Parrott bldg.
A — CIGAR stands.. Cigar stands. .Cigar stands
30 busy, money-making stands, $75 to $2000.
I sell choice, well located stands only.
HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market
A — BEAUTIFUL bazaar, positively netting
$200 monthly; long established; choicest loca-
tion city; owner retiring; opportunity to pur-
chase safe, pleasant business at low figure.
HEDGES, 461 Parrott bld«c.
A — SALOON; located on busy Kearny-st. cor-
1 ner; swell place; good lease; never before of-
fered for sale; can be bought right; will
stand closest investigation. Ask HEDGES.
461 Parrott bldg.
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner In any fair-
paying business see K. KENNY, 75 Third st.
Cash customers waiting; Established 1868.
A— $200; PARTNER in a business that is
clearing over $150 per month and ln which
one of present owners has established 14
years ago: located on principal street; no
previous experience required ; Junior partner
leaving the city. K. KENNY. 75 Third St.
; HOTELS — We have several fine ones to sell.
Stores; 4 paying gen. mdse.; good towns. •.
Livery stables; 2 large ones, paying, in city.
Groceries and bars; 5: good business; big pay.
Steam laundry; fine business; large town. .
Cigar.' stationery, notion stores; good ones.
Saloon; a pood-paying one; good location.
Delicacy and cooking kitchen; central; good;
cheap. Also city and country real estate.
HEALY & CARR, C Eddy St.. S. F.
THE best paying business ln Alameda County;
full and thorough investigation given; live,
active man with $6000 can make $500 per
month; ample security for $0000: Investigate
if you want a fine business and have the
money: departure of owner the reason for
telling. W. K. CONGER & CO., 1501' Parjt
st, Alameda; phone Grand 170.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted: good chance for
steady man satisQcd with $18 to $20 a week.
40 Ellis St., room 13.
RESTAURANT for sale at a bararaln on a
busy thoroughfare; receipts from $30 to $40
per day and increasing; fullest Investigation;
cheap rent. D. McRAE, 837 Mission st.
$450 — FOR sale,' a saloon and lunch house with
living rooms, near factories, on account of
elckness; rent $18. Address K. L. t box 4639,
Call offlce.
GROCERY in Oakland doing business $2000 per
month; cash trade; low rent; selling on ac-
count of other business. Address box 4255,
Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — One or two restaurant men with
small capital to take charge of a restaurant
and bar connected with oyster and tamale
trade. Apply SE. corner 24th and Folsom.
A — FINE saloon; pays well and cheap rent;
must sell on account of going East. Ad-
dress box 4534,. Call offlce. : \,;- ..
PROPRIETOR wishing to travel will sell at a
great sacrifice first-class saloon; centrally lo-
cated; a fine opportunity. Box 4560, Call.
$1000 — FOR Sale — Restaurant: call and exam-
ine. 1005 Valencia st; rent $32; average
dally receipts $40. .
A— $800; CORNER saloon; clears $150 month;
full value; a snap. STRAND, 209 Kearny.
A — $123 BUYS $250 cigar stand; best location;
fine business.- Call at 245 Third st.
BARGAIN — $250; branch bakery, notions,
candy, etc.. North Beach: present owner 6
years, estab. 12 years; other business cause
of selling: receipts $10 dally; positively no
agents. Box 4521. Call.
FOR 'sale — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10.000 Inhabitants with monthly pay
roll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will lnvsJce $1700: good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165, Vallejo, Cal.
TIMBER wanted — A tract of saw timber want-
ed, situated so as to have a home market;
will pay stumpage or saw by contract. Ad-
dress box 4484. Call office.
RESTAURANT and oyster house, cor. Sutter &
Devisaderc; rent $40; living rooms; selling on
account of sickness. Box 4545, Call offlce.
RESTAURANT and lunch rooms: well located;
fine fixtures and first-class in every way; for
sale. Apply 1428 Market st.
' IF you have money to Invest let THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY, 137 Montgomery st.
S.F.. know It. Call or write for particulars.
FOR sale — Branch bakery, dairy produce, etc.;
1200 Devisadero St.; must be sold on account
of leavlns city.
BUSINESS for sale that clears $5 dally; price
$50. Box 4428, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS city route on evening paper for
sale; party going Es.st Bex. 4692, Call.
FOR rent — Central brick meat market Apply
to G. M. DODGE, at San Rafael.
GROCERY and bar for sale. Apply 1122 Har-
rison st.
OUTSIDE paper route for sale on this paper.
Box 4307. Call. '" .
FOR Sale — Established millinery store; sick-
ness. Box 4306. Call. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY of the following on monthly payments.
Money to Loan at 1% per cent.......
125 roc ms; clears $450; only.-. 7000
30 rooms; clears $150; payments 1500
HO rorins; first class;" snap 2300
12 rooms; MORTGAGED; MAKE OFFER.
9 rooms; sunny corner, a beauty; only. 375
21 rooms; Ellis st: clears $125 ..X1600
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. 3500
10 rooms; partly furnished; snap; only.. 1060
20 rooms; clears $75; only 350
40 rooms; clears $108 ...........800
A. H. RETSLOFF/ phone John 631,' 900
Market st. cor. Ellis. -,'- -
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, . -¦¦ ••¦"
860 Market st— < Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.'
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. '
-We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
. New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.. . >- " '
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.'.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone. Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in- hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sites and prices;. ln all parts of city.
KRASKY A CO.. 1049A Market «t. room 10—
Lodging-houses, hotels ¦¦ and flats; 5 to 200
rooms; $200 up; wee, us before -you buy.v v "
A— P rap.; new carpets and furniture; CFar-
rell & Taylor; cheap. Rm. 16. 1040 A Market.
A — 10 ROOMS; near Market : and Sixth sts. ;
best, transient. Room ¦ 16.1 1049A Market st
A— NOTICE — We have roomlng-houres. all sizes
and prices, 'In all parts of the city;' get our
list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market
HELP ' "WANTED— MALE— Con.
A— MURRAY & READY.... Phone Main 5348
.".Leading Labor and Employment Agents..
• 4 :. Of flee Open 7 a. m .'.
..I. WC0 RAILROAD MEN
FOR NEVADA
FREE FARE • »•
450 teamsters, 250. laborers, 45 drillers, 173
1 rockmen, extra gang, wages $2 to $3 50 day;
whip dally; free fare
-CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
3 carpenters, country ' 3 da ' r
10 carpenters, new work, long Job.. $3 50 day
'5 carpenters for a large company. .$73 & fd.
MISCELLANEOUS . . ."
Boxmaker. laree company, $2 day; wood-
worker, carriage shop, country; 5 black-
smiths, camps and shops. $3 day and $10
and found: 2 deck hands, dredger. $35 and
found: gardener, private place near city; 3
gardeners, country Dlaces ; - middle-aged
houseman. Catholic institution, $20 and
found; 25 farm, orchard and vineyard hands,
V.J20. $25 and $30 and found; 6 milkers. $30
and $33; 3 stablemen: 50 woodchoppers and
tlemakers, new' camp
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Butcher, country shos. $M> and found, fare
paid; baker, mlnlrur company. $45 and
found: waiter and cook, short orders. $10
week: bakers' helper, country. $20 and
found; foreman baker; second baker, $40;
second cook, small place, $30 and found; 16
cooks, different places, country; 7 waiters.
country. $25, $30 and $35; laundry man, $15
week ; cook and wife, camp, $45
MURRAY & READY 631-636 Clay St.
BOSS BARBERS. ATTENTION!
The Central Linen Supply Company will be
in operation by April 1; towels and bair-
' cloths supplied or laundered. For terms and
particulars phone Mission 106: laundry and
offlce Eighteenth and Shotwell sts. -
WANTED — A steady man with $100 for a plain
g every day business that will pay about $70
per month; steady place; experience not re-
quired. Apply 1016 Market St.. room 10.
WANTED— A steady man with $150 as part-
ner in business that will pay more than good
wages. 36 Geary st.. room 1. \-:'\><
YOUNG men wanted to go whaling; no expe-
rience required. L. LEVY, Battery and
Jackson sta.
A NIGHT steward and cashier; must have first-
class references. 38 Fourth st.; call bet. 8
and 11 a. m.
CAKE baker, plain work; $12 week; in the
city. Box 4528. Call.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 611 Bush St.; good
all-round man. ¦ , ¦ ¦ •
WANTED— A good tailor bushelman. 1700
Clay st. -
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
ERRAND boy wanted at 236 Sutter st. v.l'
LUNCH waiter wanted at 1406 Polk s*. • . ,'
DAY cashier. 29 Stockton st.
2 GORDON^ press feeders. JAUIMSTEIN
Printing Co.. 310 Hayes st.
THREE agents,' |10 per week and commission!
826 Sixteenth St., Oakland.
WANTED— CH AS. and WM. B. KING'S pen-
slon clients who called at 630 Market st.
last August in response to the following ad-
vertisement: "Wanted — All discharged sol-
diers that flled pension claims with KINO &
KING to call at 630 Market et.; business of,
importance," to now call at room 344, Phelao
building. Very important.
SHIPPED free every day— Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wads worth. Nev.; wages. $2 per day;
board, $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same aiter 26 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 900 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal. ;_
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not j
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch ; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce, 40 EU13 st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers ln de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated; !
catalogue fwe. MOLER'S BARBER COL- j
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles. Cal.
A — ONE 2-chalr and bath country . barber shop.
for gale. Box 4313. Call.
ASSISTANT trimmer on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
GAS fixture and mantel salesman; give refer-
ence and salary expected. Box 4413. Call.
GORDON press boy: one who can make ready.
LIVINGSTON. 540 Clay St.
MAN* to solicit realty; good commission. 475
Parrott Building.
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 229 Fourth st.
BARBER shop and cigar stand: good location;
cheap. Box 4305, Call. *
BARBERS — Shop for sale; snap; good country
town. Box 4542, Call offlce. •
BARBERS — Short hour shop for sale.' Box
4420. Call offlce. .
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525, Call offlce.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for j
the country. Apply REISS BROS.', 21 Sutter. \
FOR good reliable men call at 467 Tenth St.,
Oakland. Carpenters' Labor Bureau.
WANTED — 50 men to take lodging In Cain-
bridge House, 643 Howard: changed hands.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and<2d-hand army shoes.
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
GET .your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
~ WAIT
JUST arrived, 25 head of large draught horses
for sale, weighing from 1300 to 1700; also
some bred driving horses; also 1 young Nor-
mon stallion; will be at Sullivan's hay barn
on Mission, above Cortland ave.. Sunday.
. March 30.
A I.OT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well-troken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
• Santa Clara Milk Co., 721-723 Howard st.
SANTA ROSA salesyard — Horses, harness and
buggies bought and sold, new stock always
on hand. 1499 Market st., cor. Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
VERY stylish road teams for sale or exchange
fcr fast roadster; well broke; good travelers.
Box 4310. ; Call offlce. . . ._
"WANTED — Gentle horse for business buggy; $80
to $100. WITZEL & BAKER, 314 Battery st.
A NEWBY top wagon, suit bakery, laundry or
butcher.. Call 319 Third St., in paint shop.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey, harness. work, driving horses. loth&Valencla
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carta. harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st-\
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
.HOUSES TO' LET. ~~
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,14 Montgomery.
A NEW 90- room house to lease; marine view;
- sunny corner. • Particulars at room 18, 910
Market st.
A NICE new family hotel to lease: best part
' . of city; sunny side of street. Particulars 016
Market- st..' room 18. ' ' "- . ¦
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.'
SUNNY, nicely furnished 8-room cottage-
\ -. piano. -• 1475 Sacramento, near Hyde street-
¦ 'cars handy. • ¦ -.
; ;.v.;.. ; houses for sale.
NEW house. 1 1 rooms; sun ' all day: fine resi-
dence ¦ district; Portola st..' off .Waller' bet
Piexce and Stelner. GEO. MOORE. C3 Po'rtola!
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan' <Jety of San Francisco in the
names r Cu ->es H. Morrell and Frances
M. Morrell; Hu. .255-423. . The finder win
please return to bank".
POWELL .and- Market— Open-faced silver
watch; initials A. C. Return 32 Gearyjreward.
¦" ¦Late Shipping Intelligence.
,, ;' r: - ' .. ': SAILED. ' '
. ' . . '. Thursday. March 27.
Stmr i Newsboy, Johannsen. for Eureka.
Stinr Chas Nelaon. Schage. for* ¦ Seattle.
Building Occupied by Them in Chi
' cago Is Placed XTnd«r Strict
; ' 1 '% ' ;'¦ "* Quarantine. ' • ' '
CHICAGO, March 27.— Discovery of
jsmallpox in the building of 1254-58 Michi
gan avenue, occupied by John Alexander
Dowle as a college", chapel, hotel and pub
lication, office of Leaves of Healing, re-*'
suited in. 173 Dowieltes being Quarantined
there to-day.- Even if no new cases of th<>
disease develop* these followers of Dowi©
and nearly a score of servants employed
In the place will not be allowed to leaver
it for twenty days. - Three - policemen
guard the entrances and exits of -ttia
building, formerly the Hotel Norwoojd.
and the doors and windows on the ground
floor have been barred and locked to pre-»
vent any one leaving the building.'; : .
AH this because a < porter named Fred
Speller was found suffering from small
pox.'Speller was removed to the Isolation
Hospital.. While, the . disease was in an
advanced stage, it -is not thought that
many of the inmates came in contact'
with him. ..
SMALLPOX BBEAZS OUT
i AMONG THE" EOWTEITES
ARKANSAS CITY, Kans., March 27.—
In" the Southwest Kansas M. E. Confer
ence to-day the reports of the' elders wert»
called for. When the name of Rev. Gran-,
ville Lpwther of McPherson, was called
tl^e presiding elder asked tha^ the. case..bo
passed . for the time being. ' The others,
all of whom had clear record's', made their
reports. When this was finished Bishop
Mallalieu said that he had in his posses
sion a ' bill of charges against . Dr. Low
ther and that the case would be taken.
up -at this time. The Bishop named , a
trial . committee of eleven clergymen. The
charges ¦ are signed by eight clergymen.*
The trial began this 'afternoon, in secret.
Dr.* Lowther,. .the .alleged _;her.etic is.' 53.
years of age, is president of the. State
Holiness 'Association and a Social Demo
crat. His church in McPherson has al
ready declared its confidence in him, ask
ing for. bis return.. s v. .;-. .;,„.,
tee of Eleven Ministers to Try
the Charges.,/; „!"•. : j ../
Bishop Mallalieu' Appoints a Commit-
CLEHGY3O.N OF KANSAS -
IS ACCUSED OP HEREST.
Leah F. Mott (single) to Annie C Miller CiuV
gle). lot on E line of Grand street, 150 N of i5an
Antonio avenu*. N 50 by E 138.: lot 6, block G.
map- of Oak Park. Encinal of Alameda, subject
to mortgage of ?3250,Alamed*; $10. .^.\, rr -
William Hammond Jr. (single) to : James- B.
Watson Jr. (married), lot on S line of Haight
avenue."' 237 ; W> Of Ninth or "-McPhers<yii>tr<jer.
W"30 by S 12!V. portion of . Aughlnbaugh's 223;
Acre Tract.- Alameda ;_ $10. ".7".. .- -..^ . %.
Fanny V. and J..A. Marsh. to Rebecca Wurt»
(wife of M.".L.); lot" on N llneof'San Jose ave
nufe. 200 W. of .Willow streeU.W. SO.by. N 15<1L
lot f>, :-ln B half of block Jl,- lands adjacent, to
Encinal. Alameda; $10. •:-« r •" H9it?#£. VvJfifcSjl
Eleanor S. and Chester Deering (by Frank
H. Brooks, their, attorney), to -Nellie Senberg
(wife of 'George. C), lot on N Jine, ot Davis
street. 539 W of Peralta avenue, thence NW 47,
NE 120.10,.BE 47. SW 120.66, map, of Deering
Tract, "rooklyn Township: $J0. , • - . -.., .'./. *
: Rebecca and M. L. WUrts to John- 7 Alfred
Marsh, 'lot -on W line of Warring street.' "240- S
of Dwlghfjway.-S 120, W 570,* N 60." B 135 N
)B0, E . 135if block ¦ 1. map fat ¦ ptopertjf | of John
Kearny,, near. State "University,- subject to in
cumbrances for flliSOO. . Berkeley"? $10.
i - Francis H. Page to Mrs. . Bertha Stevens, . lot
on" S W • corner of Sixteenth avenue ¦ and Four
teenth street (NE corner block 14), W. 200 by
S. 140, lots 13 to 20, block 14, San Antonio, Eas't
Oakland; gift. - • . '¦ ¦ . -¦:. i
Mary F. Cramer (wife of A. E- H.) to J.
W. Helmke and F. Champion, lot. on Wline of
Broadway, 67 N.of Twentieth street, • N 33 by
W^ 113, block C, map of Wllcox place, Oakland:
$l6." '.'-%. •;-. ; . = ".". -";¦•:¦
Alfred Eastman (widower) . to Howard and
Llllle Cameron, lot on NW line of Eleventh
avenue. 50 SW of East Fifteenth street. SW 50
by ; NW 230, block 61, Clinton, East Oakland :
$10. . :•¦- :• • : . . ¦. ¦. - . .
S. E. and Elizabeth C. Slade (wife) to E. A.
Howard, all interest in lot on NW line of Fair
mount avenue at intersection by NE boundary
line oC lot 2. thence NW 286.06. NW 343.40 to
center of a creek, thence along center of same,
following meandertngs SW .23 chains." SE 1.01
chains, SW 1.28 chains, SW .08 chains. SW 14
links, leaving creek, SE 520.06 to NW line of
Falrmount avenue, thence along same NE
236.35 to beginning, portion of NE half of lot
1. .map of survey No. 874 for Henry C- Lee's
100-aere tract,* Oakland (subject to mortgage) ;
$10. • ' . " ' ¦¦"- :¦:.-..
Giovanni and" Davide • Truft ell to ." Giuseppe
TruffelU, lots 9 and -10, map i of subdivision of
lot 8, block F. Vernon Park, Oakland: $400.
Aaron C. and Rebecca J. Ford to Lucy F.
Johnson, SW 12 feet of lots 1 to 4 and all lots
6 to 15, map of Dow and Thomas Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $10. . ¦ . . .__ v .......
Christina Smith (wife of Michael), to Michael
Smith, lot on NW corner of Eighth and Fil
bert'streets, N 30 T by W 100. block 544; Oak
land; gift. . • - , :*
Johanna C. Krumland (wife of George) and
•Mary A. Mehrtens (wife, of H.) to Frank. Hol
strom, lot on SW corner of Sixty-fifth and HeTr
rog streets, S 110, ¦ W 40 to beginning, thence
W- 160, S 17. E 160 along N line of Herzog
Tract to a point on said line 40 W;of W. line
of Herzog street, N 17 to beginning, property
set apart to Mary- Dohrg, 822 D. 76, Herzog
Tract, Golden Gate, Oakland (quitclaim deed);
$10.- -- • .• • .
Mary A. Ryan (single) to George G. Mackln
non (single), lot on SW corner of Mattle avenue
and Lowell street. W 72.12, S. 80, E 67.29, X
80.02, lots A3 and A4. map of lots 4 a*hd 5,
block A. J. E. McElrath Tract, Oakland; $10. .
- Frank and Lydla V. Anderson to Laura A.
Kennedy. • (widow), lot on NE line of ' Wash
ington street. 75 SE of Tevls/SE 25 by NE
100 block 776, map C. C. Clay's subdivision
block 772 and fractional blocks 728. 734. 747,
751 to 754 and 776. Levy & Lane Tract at
Frultvale. Brooklyn Township; $700.
Carl Reinlcke (single) to Fannie El Dorado
Smith (widow), lots 29 and 30, map resurvey
of Hogan's resubdlvlsion- of lots 22 to 24,
Klngsland Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
F. J. Klerce- to Edward O. Flood, lot on • S
line of Olive street,- 7S4.84 E "of Peralta avenue,
E 50. S 108.24. W 5. N 107.65. lots 33 arid 34,
map of Peralta Avenue Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $500. ' • 5 -
•Edward O. and Mrs. Florence Flood to Mar
tin Hermanson, same (subect to mortgage for
$050): $io. .. ; . . -
John H. and . Charlotte B. Spring to Maria
Jose Luna, lot • 13, block 83. . map of town site
of Decoto, Washington Township; $10.
Phillip and Mlna Baker to Ben and Mabel
Cohen, lot on S line of Fifth street. 135 W of
Harrison. W 40 by S 1 100. block 40, Kellers
berger's. map, Oakland; $10. ¦. . *;
Nellie and John C. Hester to Ruby G. Sulli
van (wife -of Charles).- lot. on E line- of Bate
man street. 520 S of Webster, S 40 by E 100,
lot 14, block C. map Bateman Tract, 'subject to
deed of trust for $900, Berkeley; $10. •
gle), ' lot on SW corner of Adeline and ' "West
Tenth streets. S T50 by W 100. Oakland; $2375.
The directors of the 'Union' Trust. Com
pany, held an important meeting yester
day. The company decided, owjng-to the
large : business • it ¦ was doing:, to increase
its capital stock. The number o£ shares
was increased from 1250 to 1500. As each
share - is $1000, the capital stock is . thus
raised $250,000. .•:; , ;
Union Trust Company Directors Hold
Meeting and Subscribe to
More Shares. •
CAPIT AI# , STOCK .INCREASED < r -
QUARTER OF MILLION
Frank acknowledged the crime,' saying
that his brother had persuaded! him into
It by proteJalng him $1000, of which, be had
only received $5. -William also confessed
to taking the money and told where th©
unexpended balance could be found. The
Skrables 9 are Bohemians and ! it i is said
Mrs. Sfcrabtewants to see her. sons prose
cuted fo*r*~tne* theft.
BEATRICE,, Nebr., Match 27.— WllUam
and Frank Skrable were arrested to-day,
charged with the theft of $2S20 from their
mother, a widow, living: fifteen ¦ miles
southwest- of here. ! The young men- con
fessed to having taken. $2700, which was
burled In a Jar under the chicken coop on
their mother's farm, and said they left
the balance of the money In the jar. The
money was taken February 1. and Mrs.
Skrable suspected her eldest son. a mar
ried man, .living- thirty-two miles away.
She engaged a detective, who went to
work on William's farm. The detective
discovered that William was paying , off
somo • heavy • obligations, , though he al
ways . pretended .to. be. short of. cash, and
after a search found $530 in gold buried
in a -baking powder can. ¦
rested and Give TJpi Part .of
the Money.
Confess to the Crime After Being Ar-
,TWQ c .y0TJUG MEN" "ROB
THSIR WIDOWED M0THE3
Each coupon will bear the initials In large
letters M. &" F. on the faco of the ticket:* "The
following are the capital prizes as decided by
The Lottery of the Beneflcencia Publlca* Com
pany, drawing March 27, 1902: No. 0832 wins
$7500/ sold In San Francisco. Cal.: No. 41706
wins $2500,' -sold in San Francisco. - Cal. ; No.
48619 -wins- $1230." sold in ¦ San Francisco. Cal.;
Nos. 16516, 27024. 29180. 49495 and 61841 each
wins $125, sold in Sacramento 'and San Fran
cisco, Cal. •. / . . ' •
I Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the Public from time to time,
we would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to see that their tickets read
as follows: "THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BEN
EFICENCIA PUBLICA- COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO." ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER.
1893. ¦'.--••¦ . -•': ¦- •;---• -".-• --r ".-,.- • -¦•
Organized September, 1893.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE '^PUBLIC
lica Company of San Francisco.
The Original Little Beneflcencia Fub-
OFFICIAL.
Robert ,.H.- Moore -(single) (by Augusta- D.
Wilson/ attorney) to Grade I. - Cumberson (sln-
¦ Mary ; A| . Landregan (single) ¦ to- Julian . F.
Baumgfarten,- lot on .W line > of -Broadway "• 50
N:of Fifth street." N- 30 by \W ' 75. block' 54,
Kellersberger's map, Oakland; $5250.
. Same to Grace X,."- Lane .^single).'., lot on N
line of~~ Thirtieth ;Street,3iS>w of Grove.- W-flO
by Ni 140. lot 28.- block 2014. Oakland: *ia- - -..'
•-Joseph M.V Jessie T., and' ; "W'.'O'B " MacdOn
ough, John G. . and ¦ Agnes ¦ Agar, (Macdonough)
(trustees under; will , of Joseph- Macdonough,
deceased) to t — ,Mot pn E'line of-Thlrty
flr'st street. 215 IV. of - Grove, W 50 by", S 140.
lot 10. .block 2034/ Oakland; $10;. .... . ..' ..
. E."D. Block : to G. L.. Fitz," lot 15.'map'prop
erty "Capitol '- Homestead Association. .East
Oakland; also lot 57, map Oakland Homestead
Association.' Oakland; also lot .on .Saline' of
Twelfth street. -7G:&iE of Klrkham.. E 1 by
S 1J1: 6. block 560, Oakland; also land bounded
on :"S, by land- now !or formerly of.Arros street.
E by. Francisco. S-,by land nowor formerly of
Martinez and W 'by Atherton 'street. Town 'of
Haywards. ; Eden* Township ; ¦ also lot ' 37-' '¦. map
Oakland Prospect Homestead, Oakland, . quit
claim'deed;$l;v '••.'¦"¦'• . : -•• • •
"Arthur. W. and Mary K. : Scott to Etta How
ard,- lot ' on , N line of San Antonio avenue ' 50
W of Willows street. W 50 by.N 150, lot 8* in
E : half ; block G, lands adjacent to Enclnal
Alameda: $10. ¦ -•.¦*'.:'.¦ • \
James H. and Lizzie S. N. Toung to Lottie
Brown (wife of W. H.), lot on, W line of Mor
ton street; 185 S of Railroad avenue, S 40 by
W 150, lot 16. block. 27, map portion property
Charles, L. Fitch,, deceased. Alameda; $10. • ¦ ,¦
Mrs.. Elizabeth . Woods (widow)." to Ernest ll"
Blaqkman. lot on SE line of High street, "300
NE 'of Clark. NE 35 by SE 200. . blocft V, map
Clements Addition to Town . Mel rose, Brooklyn
Township; $10.- . . - . : ..'•>.
- Peter M.-, Lalng (single) to Frank Burjrbardt.
lot on E line of Blaine avenue, 225 S of Twelfth
street, S 60 by E 125. blotk M. map Huntlngton
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10. •• • .'<¦
¦ Simon and , Rosa . Flschel ¦ (wife) to C. R.
Hoessll. ; lot on NE corner of University ave
nue and Louisa street: E 70. N 114.es w 61.89
S 114.97, . lots , 29 and - 30, . map College Tract'
Berkeley; $10. . V •¦ '.:.---"
James and Delia Moffltt .(wife) to Hypo
lite Audiffred. lot on SW corner of Grove and
Elm or Twenty-fourth streets. S>60 bj- W 75
block A, .map Kelsey Tract. Oakland ; $10
Continental ¦ Building and '¦ Loan Association
to John Yule. . lot 20. map subdivision Laka
Merrltt Park, East Oakland; $10. • "
Angelo Cereghino (single) to G. B. de Fer
rari, lot on.SW corner of San Pablo road and
Hallett avenue, ¦ S 100. W 123:8, N 100 E
123:1'^, lot 4, plat 6, map Maxwell Tract,
Oakland; $10. • . . • ' *
Ann : and Michael Curtis to Charles A
Bailey, lot on S line of Francisco street 125
W of Curtis. W 50 by S 135:6, lot 7. block
4.' Map Curtis Tract; also lot . on S " lfne of
Francisco" street. 250 W of Curtis W 50 by
S 135:6, block 4," map same; also 'lot on NW
corner of Francisco and Curtis streets N "^Tl- 0
by W 425:6, lots 1 to 6. block 9, same; also
lot on NW corner of Delaware and West
streets. N 271:2 by W 372:4. lots 1 to 14, block
16. same. Berkeley: $10. r
J. H. and Anna Felgh (wife) to A. J. Snyder
L ot 8E corner of Franklin and Fifth streets'
S 100 by E 75. lots 5 to 8. block 41 Kellers
berger s map. Oakland; $10 • • ¦¦¦¦--.
A. J. and Sophie M.' Snyder (wife) to J H.
Feige. lot on NE corner of Clay and Nlnfh
streets.. N 70 by E 73. block 117. »ame map!
subject to 62S M.- 203. Oakland; $10"^
Virginia Dingee and William J. Dlngee ""(and
as a ttornf y) to Pilgrim Advent Christian
Church of Oakland (a religious corporation)
lot on S line of Thirty-third : Btreet. 116 25 W
of West, W 40 by S 87, block H. map property
Central Land Company.- Oakland; $10 • •
J. H. and Carrie R. Wright (wife) to' C M
MacGregor. lot on S line of Thirty-second
ttreet. 236 58 W of Telegraph. avenue -W 50 by
S 140, lot 8.' block 2030, map Rowla'nd Tract
Oakland; $10.
Alexander Murdoch to" Thomas E. Collins,
lot on NW corner of Delaware -and Seventh
streets, ¦ W 50 by N 100, lot 14, block 65
Tract B, - Berkeley - Land and Town Improve
ment "Association, Berkeley; $10. - • ¦ ¦
Albert B. and Josephine Smith to Kitty R.
Smith, undivided one-third interest In lot on
W line of Halleck street, 175 S of Park ave
nue, -W 225. S 650. E 433, N 625, being a por
tion of subdivision plat C, Rancho : V. and
D. Peralta, also on map of ¦ property ¦ of " J
S. Emery. Oakland; $3500. -
Mutual Savings Bank to Harrison D. Rowe,
lot on W line of "Wayne avenue at common
corner lots 7 "and 8, W 78.68, S 142.63 to a
point on N line of Athol avenue, B along
said line of eald avenue to Wayne avenue '• N
to beginning, block A, Map Peralta Heights,
East Oakland; $10. .• . .
Mary J. (or Mary) Tobin. (single) and Ellen
Tobln (widow) to Richard J.' Montgomery, lot
on N line of Fortieth street, 694- E of Grove.
E 32 by N 110, lot 20, Map Resubdlvlsion
Montgomery Tract,' Oakland; $10.'
Florence Wicks and M. L. ¦ Wicks (and as
attorney) toMrs. Laura A. Born, lot onN- line
of Fifth street, 68:3 E of Union, •' E • 50, • N
101, W 50. S to beginning, lots 7 and 8, block
489. Map 2, .Briggs Tract. Oakland; $10. .
Jabez Hatch, (single), to William P. . Hook,
lot on W line ' of . Broadway, 93 S of Delger
(or Twentieth)-- street. W 150 by S 93, block
B,* Map Fountain Place. -Oakland; $10.--. -.-,- —
Daniel - T.- Gorman- to Violet . G.~ ¦ Gorman
(daughter), undivided- one-half interest ln-flve
twelfths interest in lot 14, . block D. said block
bounded N by Sutter street, S\ by Parsons
street and W by San Pablo . avenue, . Map "Gas
kfll Tract,. Oakland; also property in San'Fran
cisco; gift. • ¦¦'... .....-, ,.v:
James Quirk, May and Henrietta Quirk (chil
dren of Mary A. Quirk, deceased) to Timothy
Quirk, lot on . B-" line of Lydia street, 175 W.
of West street, W 25 by S 100, block J. Map
Curtis & Williams Tract," quitclaim deed, Oak
land; $1D. v- ./ .;.-,• ... . ." : ,\ .". ; • -
¦ Frederick J. Lea" to • Martha G. Lea (wife),
lot on NE r corner of 1 Central, avenue"- (or West
Twelfth, street) and, Union street, N 118.50 by
E 53.25,' block 576," Boardman Map, ' Oakland;
gift. .- •-¦.•- ....- " 1 > :-^_ .. :-^» ¦ ¦ . _•_;: {A73( S3
Leah T: Mott (Single) to David J. Greger."
lot' on N line of San Jose avenue. 50 W of
Walnut street. W 50 by. N 100, portion Jot 8,
lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda; $10, ..
. Clara V .E. and Irving C. Lewis ¦ to . Martin
Nagle, lot on S line of Alameda avenue, 110 W
of Paru street. W 32 :6, S 150, E 12 :6, N 25,
E 20. N 12B, block D. map of Oak Park. En
cinal of Alameda. Alameda; $2450. <
David S. and -Annette S:'WUleford to Norton
S. and Fanny C.. Hill, lot "on- NW corner of
Mason and Ellis streets.' W 120. by N 39:3,
block 11. map of lands of Regent-street Home
stead Association.' Berkeley, subject to deed of
trust -for $2000; $10. : ¦ ] ',. "'.' .:••'•"
Hannah E. and: C. Beach,, to Patrick Dean,
lot on S' line, of University ' avenue, ' 50 W of
California street, \V 60 by S 138, portion ' of
range 13. map of Hardy Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Alexander - W. and Frances C. • Pulclfer to
Edna Starr (single), lot on N line of'Thirty
second street, 340 W of West,.W'25, N 101.29.
E 25.108, S 08.05," block 2041. map of Rowland
Tracts Oakland, subject to mortgage of ,|300;
$65o.,.» . .-.¦.. . ...... .;,.. .. ¦ t ..;' ;•;:.¦
I ¦ James K. Dickinson to Annie . Dickinson
(Morris) I (wife). , lot on • SW corner of Pacific
avenue and Willow street, : W 232:11% to N
line, of land - of ; Southern Pacific Company. "SE
alongf said last line 245 to W line' of : Willow
street, N along same 70:3 to point of begin
ning, block 456 revised map of Gibbons' prop
erty at Oakland Point, Oakland; also lot 38,
block E. ' map of subdivision of portion 1 of
blocks E. F and" G, revised -map of Prospect
Hill Tract. Brooklyn . Township, • subject ¦ 'to
all liens; $250. " > • . * r :j
M. J. and Georgle . C. Martin (wife) to M.
W. Martin (minor), lot on S line of Todd street
at intersection with W line of right of way of
California' and Nevada Railroad; .W. 59:12,- S
135, E 65, N-135.01. lot 11, lot H." Amended Map
of J.- W.' Crawford Tract. Golden Gate,-Oak
land; gift.- ¦:" . ---.-• '¦-.,• -¦ -'i-.
N. Gertrude Brown (widow) • to James T.
Eccleston, lots 1, 2, 9, 11; 14 to 16, 27 to 31, 37,
38 and N 30 feet of lot 39, Corrected Map of
resubdivislon of. block A, Brumagim ...Tract,
Oakland; $10. ... '. . --.
W. F. and Effle Krbll to Hugo Miller, lot on
SB corner- of Webster • and Twenty-fourth
streets, S C5 by E 100, block 2250, map of ¦. sub
division of blocks 2206 to 2258. Valdez Tract,
Oakland; «10. -
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
If, as I hold, registration at "the .home port
is that intended by the sections of the Political
Code I have cited, they do not include the pre
cise category under consideration here. Inde
pendently of those sections the situs of the
Olive J. Olson is ..in San Francisco, which is
her home port; and as under the constitution
all prpperty in this State, not exempt under the
laws of the . United States.', shall be taxed In
¦proportion to its .value she was properly as
sessed for taxation in' this 'city.
¦ As all the owners of the Olive J.. Olson reside
in San Francisco that was her ¦ home port or
port to 'which she belonged.- -.- „ - •
United States^ Revised statutes, section 4141,
say that every vessel, except as provided -for,
shall be registered by. the -Collector of that col
lection district which includes -the port to which
such vessel shall belong at the time of her reg
istry, which port shall be deemed to be that at
or nearest to which the owner, if there be but
one, .or if more than one, the husband or acting
and managing owner of such" vessel usually re
side*. . '
The Revised-Statutes provide that whenever a
citizen f of the United- States becomes the owner
of a vessel entitled to -be registered, such ves
sel being within a district 'Other than the on«
in ¦which he usually resides, such vessel shall
be entitled to be registered by the Collector ot
the district where she may be at the time of
his becoming such owner; but that when a ves
sel so registered shall arrive within the district
comprising the. port to which she belongs .the
certificate of reelstry so obtained shall be de
livered up to the Collector of such district, who
shall give a new certificate of registration In
lieu of the first. • •¦ . • -..". • -
j At the time of the assessment 'complained of
all the owners of the schooner resided . in ' this
city. : When they became such owners the ves
sel was at Port Townsend, Wash., and ta com
pliance with the shipping laws of the United
States she was registered by the Collector ot
the district of Port Townsend. ' . : I
i The suit of Oliver J. Olson to recover
from; this city and county certain Uaxes
paid on. the schooner. Olive J. Olson was
decided, in favor of the -defendant ". by
Judge Seawell yesterday. The suit was
a test case, and the ruling of- Judge Sea
well will be the means of adding several
thousand dollars to the- city treasury.
Olson contended that the \ vessel - was
not subject to taxation here, because. she
is registered at Port Tqwnsend and never
plies, in the- waters of this State. Olson
resides in this city, . and the decision of
Judge Seawell rests upon that point ' .
Judge Seawall says: J > ' . ; : > '
In conclusion Patterson said that all
authorities upon international law and
the articles ' of civilized warfare declared
that the use of the enemy's uniform was
not warranted, and that a man in an
enemy's uniform who killed another man
was guilty of assassination and outside
the pale of protection. When Patterson
had concluded the. Senate at 4' o'cUJcic
went into* executive session and soon aft
erward adjourned until Monday.
Patterson then read at length the pro
visions of warfare relating to spies and
the use of deception, and read extensively
from General Funston's magazine article,
his point being that General Funston had
violated the articles of warfare in deceiv
ing the Filipinos at the time he captured
Aguinaldo, despite his statement now that
he had- not done so. '¦, ,'
- Taking advantage of the latitude of de
bate afforded by the Senate rules. Patter
son of Colorado called attention to a dis
patch from Topeka, Kans., published .to
day in which General Frederick Funston
was represented as criticizing some East
ern papers because of their comment .on
hi3 recent speech before the Lotus Cluo
in New York. He said that he would not
notice the statement but /for the fact that
General Funston called to his aid thd
President and the chairman of the Senate
Committee on the Philippines, represent
ing them as indorsing his speech.
Patterson said it was evident that Gen
eral-Funston's speech was to be used foe
campaign purposes, and he thought there
fore that' two things out to be brought
calmly and dispassionately to the atten
tion of the country. First. General Kims
ton's own statement of the character of
Aguinaldo, made in a magazine article;
last October, and, second, the rules of
civilized warfare regarding deception oi
theenerriy. - . . . -
Quarles vigorously denounced the oleo
margarine industry as at present con
ducted* as a fraud, and insisted that in
the Interest not only of dairymen, but
also In the interest of the whote American
people, the pending bill ought to be en
acted into law. . .. t .
• WASHINGTON, March. 27.-In the Sen
ate to-day Harris of Kansas and Quarlea
of Wisconsin spoke at length on the oleo
margarine bill. Harris supported" the
measure, but urged that an amendment
which he proposed, placing a tax of ;10
cents a' pound on. adujterat^a butter and
regulating: the manufacture and sale of
renovated butter, ought to be adopted.
Judge. Sea well Decides Suit
in Favor) of This City
and .County. . ;;
Patterson of Colorado Makes
[ : : an Attack on General
Funston.':
Assessment Due ¦ Where
; 'Owner of a. Vessel
:•¦>' : v> '.; Resides.' : .'-yrJ:\.
Senator Quarles Favors
. Passage of Olebmar
:&fpi garine Bill ;
OLSON MUST PAY HIS TAXES HERE
DAIRYMEN NEED
LEGISLATIVE AID
THE ' ¦/ "SA-N ; -/ v CAL.lJ,-: FRIDAY, MARCH 28, 1902..
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
TO^close out a few odd etyles ot pianos we
have marh-ed the prices down very low, and
vcu can. while they last, secure a very great
discount on seme specially good instruments,
of them have boen tent as sample
pianos The instruments ers. a!! right and
as such fully warranted, but as the expense
cl reshirment would be quite a sum. the
factory is willing to make this sacrifice. We
i-ave also the Deckcr-Wissner and Bau-
in nil styles. Payments If you want.
THE ZESO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7t»
Maxket ct._
A^-PPFCI \L t=a!e and special discounts on 100
standard makes Including: 1 Kr.abe. $98;
1 Ha vms. Sl- W : 1 Conover. $213; 2 Chlcker-
i-g 118$: 1 Heine. $290; 4 Steinway. $185.
li<nts f2 up; installments, $3 up. Over 5000
Heine Pianos «re In use In San Francisco
and not one can be had outside of the com-
pany's w.arerooms. All the leading musi-
cians use *rtd indorse the Heine Piano.
Come loon: Rale will close on completion of
the new Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOl'OH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of price*
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that »f can aol only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine piancs and largest
arsortment of best makes to choose from
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stsinway dealers'
cor. Kearny and Putter sts.. B. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— '
Second-hand upricht pianos irom $55 ua.
8*cor.d-har.d square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand ortrans from $"f. up' new uprirht
rlsrcs from ?175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 1C to 20 OTarrell. Cockering. Mason
¦nd Haralin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANT p'.ano sold by us taken back any tim*
within 2 yesrm and full purchase price al-
lcwed en a new p*«rle;* Knabe. at rerular
price; costs you only 2Oc a day to buy a
pis no Irom u». KOHLER & CHASE. SO
OTarrell ft.: established 1S50.
LUDWIG r'a»os— Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
€t.. fan Francisco. Agents Chase &. Baker
piano players.
AUCTION! AUCTION! AUCTION!
Everything must go: PIANOS are selling
like hot cakes for rtoniBe, §40 en. WIL-
EO.VS STORAGE. 1710 Market gt.
6OKMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos-.
Lester pianos; Spielmana pianos; Cedllan
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 3CS, 310,
S12 Post «t.
SMALL upright. $33; large cabinet grand ujv
riEht. S150: square pianos. $S5 up; A. B.
Cfimert>n. walnut case, almost new. S27S.
Bowers & Son. 23 Sth st. Ivers & Pond agts.
t: FRIGHT piano, flOO; splendid bargain; bsst
renting pienos in city for $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 6C0 Hayes «t.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful planoa at
barcaln prices from $S5 up. F. W. SPEN-
- CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts: -
OUR piancs. the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best in the city. PIERCE" 9
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
Elegant $550 upright piano; handsome case &
- tone; must eell acct. sickness. Sll O'Farrell.
li LEADI.Vf! pianos, Steinway. Chlckerinir.
W«-ber. other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
BARGAIN*, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placo.
. biatrimomal! ¦
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 18S7; reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 EHK
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
Laree store with baset.. front. Clay- Merchant.
above Montgomery: lose. K>ya 636 Clay.r.l.
STORES WAXTED.
"WANTED — Part of small store, located Market,
bet. 3d and Powell. Geary, Kearny, Grant,
Stockton or Powell. Address Elevator. 933
Market et.
OIJU
OIL tanks, Sud-hand. in good order; ail sixes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-1S2 Beale st
_PAJXTERS AND DECORATORS.
Kooms papered $3 up; painting & tintinr done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.: tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLAES workflow rates; get figures, j.
C. ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave. ; tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E, PEARCE. scientific business palmist,
parlors 14 V* and 15. The Vendome. 1104 Mar-
ket et.; nours from 10 a. in. to 9 p. m.;
horoscopes cast by mall, $L
MME. G. L. NEERGAAKD reads 1 to 4. 700
Pott et.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME KOSELLL scientific palmist. 315
Taylor frt.. bet. Geary and Poatrtel.BIack 5<81.
PERSONALS.
AJC elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
(15; with these suits we make an extra -pair
of pants free of charge ; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117, Market
6t.. between Seventh and Eighth. ¦ ¦
WANTED — A man posted on Eastern lumber
and shingle business with $25,000 capital to
purchase a complete shingle and finishing
plant en Huinboldt Bay. Address N. H.
PIXE. Eureka. Cal.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS, Domestic office, 1C21 Market. nr.Cth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
i'Cc to $1 CO per night; $1 00 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
A— WHAT do you think? 3! BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
earr.e as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
ARTISTIC hairdresslng, any style, 25c; sham-
pooing, -50c; hair dried In 10 minutes; mani-
curing. 25c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
MONEY leaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., , near Broadway.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. MUs C. Dudley, 17C2 Mkc
A echool to learn balrdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market.
bet. Pclk and Van Ness. MISS A.V. DOYLE.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
end trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
tailor. 721 Market 6t. .
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter sl
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.322Q'Farrell; tend for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& mo!es destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective, work; reasonable rates; 10
rears' experience. J. E. RAY, 457 Minna st.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; teL West 250.
Masc^iersde costumes »t H. Anderson's." theatzi.
. cal costumer. 26 O'Farreil: country orders.
Electric & clectrlc-llght baths, maseage, hot air
treatment for rheuma.tisxn.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
EUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mr*.Tta\-erse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists. : ' '; j
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE FUlts. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bash and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, th«
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1C page?, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
PHVSICIAXS AAD SURGEOXS.
AN ertabliubed paying medical business for
sale *t a bargain;. a splendid opportunity for
a regirtered qualified physician to secure a
specialists practice which is clearing over
$5000 a year; name, lease, good will, furni-
ture, fixtures, etc.. all go; the fullest op-
portunity will be given the right party for
Investigation; only those who mean business
r.eed apply; satisfactory reason for selling
given. Box 4511. Call office.
RUPTURE and pile* cured; no pay until cured:
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tutlon free. Drs. Forden &. Porterfleld, 6 Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 4S4 Valencia st. ; hours JO to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.,
TYPEWRITERS AMJ SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TY^PEWRITERS^We
eell better machines for less money than any
fcouse in tbe city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
. Exchange. S3G California; telephone Main 2C6,
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter dnctors: et-tlmate free. 20W Sansomir.
DIVIDEND KOTICISS.
DIVIDEND Notice— To the~sha.Teholders of the
Independent lied Men's Hall Assn.: In the
last rerular monthly meeting, of the Board
cf Directors of the Independent • Red . Men's
Hall Assn. a dividend of 25c per' share was
declared tiayable on the 23th of March, at
8 o'clock p. m.. at Red Mtn'n Hall, M0 Bush
¦t MARTIN FUETSCHER. President.
& A. 2AMMANN. Secretary.
]^ A i^ E J T . A T E: ''~ CITY — FOR SALE.
Joseph straub, .... ~rrr~r
850 Market et.. corner Stockton.i
' - Telephone Grant 177. : ,,
Real Estate Agent. >. -'•
Property Bought and Sold."
Rents collected. ; .
?1400— TWO new modern cottages.- $1400 each;,
bath, closet, sink, nice yard., fence; 2S min-
utes' ride to Third and Market sts.: $400
caeh. balance $14 per month. WELLS &
BAUXDERS. 630 Market st. - ;
APPRECIATED If seen: elegant sunny mod-
ern house of 6 large rooms and. bath; San Jose
ave.. near st-.-bet. 2Sth and 29th;
Guerrcro-st. cars pass doer.
f POTRERO house and lot 25x100; cheap: 4
rooms: $C00 cash, balance to suit. Owner.
box 4349. Call o«ce. ¦¦' ¦ -
PAPERING room walls, fl 50; painting. $1;
whitening. 7Cc. PAINTEK, 315 Golden Gate.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE — COl'XTRY — For Snle
14,000 ACRES splendid Colony tract, with
railroad rtatlon. Fresno County, only $10 an
acre by bank. WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market st.
A— Santa Clara Valley — SOS acres by bank; sedi-
ment land: $15,400; eaey terms; near station.
See WOOSTER. WIIITTON & MONTGOM-
ERT. C34 Market Bt. ; ¦ ' -
A — Santa Clara Valley — 10 acres in richest col-
ony in California; only $14 15 monthly If de-.
eired; don't let this go by; unprecedented
chance for frugal salaried people. WOOS-
TER. WIIITTON & MONTGOMERY. 634
Market et.; send for catalogue. . . .' *
A — Santa Clara Valley — Eighty acres; vineyard;
splendid location; elegant soil; good build-
iiiRs; $13,000 to settle estate. Bee WOOS-
TER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY, 634
. Market ft.
A — 260 acres productive land, including promis-
ing townsite: en Valley road; $40 an acre,
third cash. See WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market St.
A — Merced County river bottom land; perfect
Irrigation: corn, alfalfa, potatoes, grain, stock,
on river bank; cash rental. $2CO0; owned by
hank: rood buildings; grand farm; cheap
See WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOM-
ER\. C34 Market st. .
Santa Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular !
. properties. *ec WOOSTER, WHITTON & !
MOOTGOMERT, 634 Marfcet. S. F., & Son J. !
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO !
Small tracts, f 00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho i
Cotatl. Scnoma Co.; future value assured, as !
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming.- Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st-. for
pamphletg and Information;
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
/ lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange — Beautiful home in San
Jose; convenient In every reepect; reasonable;
no agents.. Particulars box 4323. Call. office.
jfl°9 >ls JilPj?., HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Sunny suite, with
grate, gas and kitchen, $20; telephone.
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping: 2, $10:
2. $15; 3. $20; single. $4 to $7.. '
GOLDEN GATE ave., 511— Parlor floor; newly
furnished; gas range; yard; 533. '
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1200— Sunny unfurnished
frcnt rooms; also single room, furnished.
GOLDEX GATE AVE.. 1404^ — Nicely furnished
front rooms.' - • • «,¦¦¦-.
HOWARD, 728— Room, furnished complete for
housekeeping for one; also sunny room,' $6.
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly fur. front bay-window rooms; range; $10.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny back parlor suite, complete
for housekeeping; also rear basement suite,
yard, laundry.
MARTHA place, 3, off' Geary St., nr. Mason —
Nice sunny housekeeping rooms; rent $2 per
week. , •
MCALLISTER. SSQ-^ nicely furnished sunny
suites; g&s range; phone; bath; laundry; $10
and $14. . . • ¦
MINNA, 514, near Sixth — Furnished housekeep-
ing rooms.
OAK. 117 — Changed hands; renovated and new-
ly furnished; 2-roozn suites, $12 to $18; adults.
POWELL. IOCS. cor. Clay — 2 sunny rooms, $10;
3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
TWO sunny furnished housekeeping rooms,
with yard. 007 '^ Leavenworth st. - .- • ;
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. anil Vatara.
A — FREE list furnished rooms to let: with or
without board; we save you walking the
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 Montg"y.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; 'handsomest
grill room In California attached.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day.
week or month; bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market fold No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Elllp, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms.
25c. $1 50 night; $1 SO, wk. ; open all night.
ELLIS, 629 — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
private family.
FULTON, SSI — Elegant furnished front suite of
rooms, with bath, modern improvements. -
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th. and Mission—
.Family house; thoee requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate ch'srges; suit, single, elevat-
KARRISON. 1122B— Large sunny bay window
front parlor: folding bed: new and modern
flat; private. . .-.¦¦.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MISSION. 1£69— Front furnished room in pri-
vate family; reference required.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day. week. mo.
PINE, 900 — Sunny, corner, handsomely fur-
nlfhed rooms for gentlemen in private family.
PINE, 990 — Elegantly - furnished sunny rooms,
suite or rlngle; in new flat; private family;
gentlemen.
POST, 821. near Leavenworth— Elegant large
alcove parlor; furnished or unfurnished. • ;
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis^ — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 CO; week. $2
to $S: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTEENTH. 3458, nr. Valencia— Sunny
front room; 2 single rooms. Just furnished.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
Vendome, 1104 Market — Changed hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call« 16 pages, gent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
•lectric lights: hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates..
MISSION. 1520 — Furnished room, with board,
for 1 -or 2 gentlemen.
VAN NESS. 607 — To a refined couple; larg«
sonny parlor, with board, in private home.
JOHNSON, The, 605 O'Farrell — Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
Lambourne. 420 Eddy — High-class hotel; furn.
suites and single; steam heat; board optional.
VAN NESS. C10 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS WAXTED.
MAN wishes unfurnished room, ground floor,"
or upstairs, $3 to $4 month. Box 4509. Call.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
BAD tenants elected for- $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
(SEWING aiACHLXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.. repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-UODOLPH Storage' and Moving'Co.,'
- office Post and Powell «ts. ; teU Main 5713. .
GOLDEN WEST, Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion «t.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. C30 Market St.:
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
¦ puny, 2220 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 231.'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;;
OFFICH— ilia, BHOAliW AY. r : :
'OAKLAND nKAh ESTATE. ;. ; ,_'_ ;¦_ ;
xv OODWARD, WATSON & CO., • ' \\
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. s
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. ' - ,
WOODWARD, WATSON & .CO., . , .
WQODWARD. WATSON & CO., "
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON &' CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON &, CO,, ' ' ' •
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. • ' .
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. .
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. - .
WOODWARD. "WATSON & CO.. * -
WOODWARD, -WAT?ON- &' CO., .-¦ ¦-.:¦¦-'.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. ' ,
... . - : . \.". (Incorporated). • .
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. • •
FIRST' SALE OF THE SEASON.
" 'FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
-v,". ; FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. '
.">v. SPECIAL SALK .
.. SPECIAL SALE. ". .
- . ¦*- -SPECIAL SALE. -. ¦
" v ¦ SPECIAL - .SALE. . •
• SPECIAL SALE. r
' V\ SPECIAL SALE.
SPECIAL SALE.
AT AUCTION.
AT'- AUCTION. o
AT AUCTION. >-
AT AUCTION. . .:•¦¦:
- "TALBOT PLACE."
-TALBOT PLACE," • .
"TALBOT PLACE."
•TALBOT PLACE.",
"TALBOT PLACE," ' •-
"TALBOT PLACE," . • -"•
"TALBOT PLACE. 11 . '
¦'1 - - - ' . . . .. '
Near San j Leandro. ¦ . • - . .
-. Near Sau Leandro. -.-..-
' . Near San Leandro, " ' ¦ '
V. " " Near San. Leandro,,"" ""* • •"'.*" . :
Near . San Leandro, ''•"
Near San Leandro, - "f..
Near San Leandro, .
' SATURDAT. MARCH 29. 1902.
SATURDAY, MARCH 29. 1902.
' SATURDAT, MARCH 20, 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902.
SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902. .
SATURDAY, MARCH 2». .1902.-
SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902.
At li O* Clock a. m: on the Premise*.
We will sell at public - auction and to tbe
highest bidder." the beautiful country home of
Mr. Fred C. Talbot, consisting of 140 acres of
the very finest fruit and vegetable land — sixty
acres in full' bearing orchard, consisting of
English Walnuts. Oranges, Cherries, and j all
varieties. . '¦¦ '¦ .-
BEAUTIFUL 12-ROOM RESIDENCE." ¦
Thoroughly, modern, fine stable, superintend-
ent's cottage, milk houBp. brooder houses, etc.,
etc. — an ideal country home.
Following the sale of the land and Improve-
ments, we will also sell all of the personal
property. WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE—'
Consisting of elegant, costly household furnish-"
ings, oil paintings, steel engravings. Decker
Bros, grand square piano, etc., etc.-
Carriage teams, saddle- horses, Shetland
ponies, -carriages and carts, harness, saddles.
Several fine head of cattle — "Jersey stock,"
¦ Send for catalogue for all particulars and
complete list of property to be Bold. .
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.; -
•WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..>
WOODWARD, WATSON &' CO., •'
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
'¦ WOODWARD, WATSON &. CO... ¦•• . ¦:. •
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO., - '----
• WOODWARD. WATSON & CO. 1 .
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
- • , \
. ¦ . (Incorporated) ;
¦ . _ ¦ - - ¦ ' ."i
Real Estate 'Auctioneers, "
' . Real Estate Auctioneers, ,
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers,.- .
- Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers, ' ;
: 903 Broadway, . Oakland. ¦
903 Broadway. Oakland.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
903 .Broadway, Oakland.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
903 Broadway, Oakland. ,. , ¦
GEORGE W. AUSTIN, ¦ ••'.'. : '- - ¦
4fiO TENTH ST.. OAKLAND.
$1000 — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms; hot and cold
water; hall;, porcelain sink, etc; newly paint-
ed and papered; sunny, -Bide; street wbrk and
walks complete; near cars and school; terms
if desired; 1743 Filbert St.; near Twenty-sixth;
go and se« it; owner will be there. ¦ ¦ > ¦ .
¦ $2350 — Modern cottage of 0 rooms: bath; high
basement; bay-window; brick foundation etc •
all in fine condition; lot 50x125 feet, with stone
walks, open lawn, eta ; - on Myrtle st. ; close
in; location very desirable,
$3750 — Owner away;. a "genuine snap; a per-
fect llttla gem of a home; 7 rooms; porcelain
bath. etc. ; < lawn. - stone walks, etc ; choice lo-
cation; strictly residential; $1000 cash will do;
could sot be built nicer.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
460 Tenth st. Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. ~~~~
New pretty homes. 5 to 8 rooms; all mod-
ern; prices moderate; vacant 40- foot .lots; $800
to $1000; elevated *bove the street and includ-
ing street work complete ; on Merrimac or
Twenty-eighth sts.;' between Telegraph ave.
and Grove st.; choicest' and cheapest property
In Oakland; close in and handy to schools and
churches.? • See W. . T. HARRIS on the " prem-
ises or GEORGE W. AUSTIN, .
.-.- '. -.- ¦'" 460 Tenth st.. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In. the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. . • • - • ; .
OAKLAJfD FPRNITCRB Vor; SALK.
FURNITURE good and cheap this "rnonthT^lC
BCBELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA 'ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEftA REAL. ESTATE.
$2*00 WILL build . new modern cottaAe^oT" 5
rooms; Santa Clara ave., near Sherman st. :
lot 37:6x120. J. H. YOUNG, Builder, 1243
Park st. . ¦ .. ¦¦¦ . . >, ¦..¦¦.-¦¦:¦¦..
-COTTAGES TO LET. ~~~~~
FURNISHED cottage six or seven rooms, from
May 1 ; references furnished. . Box 4556, 1 Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL,. ESTATE. V :>,V
NEW 6*room cottage; bath, mantel.- basement;
sewered :-' corner lot.- -40x100;' Golden' Gate » -' ¦¦ — '
$1700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; "4-room
cottage, bath; street" work done;' "city "water;
sewered; lot 50x150; Ashby ave.; near Berkeley.
train. . ' .::. . .' • . ,
$1750— $550 cash, balance t flat loan.' ' Pacific-
Home Building ; Company, 39 Nevada" block,
San Francisco. ¦ .,.,-- ........ ,.,^.
COTTAGE of :7 -rooms and- bath; I high base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
Mill Valley '•' Advert jsemept's;','
MILL : VALLEY '¦'¦> REAL ¦/ ESTATE.% > j
S?H?IIC>B^RTsV^real^s tatoan^^nsurance?
Mill Valley, ¦'> Cal.— Houses to r"ent, furnished
and unfurnished, by the season or year; lm-
i proved' and ' Unimproved property ¦ for : sale. ,¦
RAILWAY TEAVEL. ,rj. ;
NORTH PACfFIC GOAsTrAILROAD.
Via Sausalit? r*rry, .
Commencing September 29. 1901.
FROM SAN FRA>Cli>CO TO MILL VALLEY
-¦ AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55.-8:3t>. •»:m, 11:00 a,- m»
•1:45 3:15, 4:15. 5:13. •6:15," 8:45 p. m.
•EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at »:30 and ll:4O p. m. , - -.
¦ SUNDAYS— 'SjCU, 9:00. »10;00. »ll:30 a, n: r .
•1:15, 3:15. «4:45, 6:30. 0:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN "FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •5:25.«:27, 7i45.. 8:35^ 10:li-
a. m.», •12:25. 2:U.*.*a:a5, 4:40.. 5"^O p: m. .
EXTRA .TRIPS - on Mondays. « Wedneadaya
and Saturdays at C:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:13. •8:00. ,10:00. U1M5 a. m:.
•l:i0. ,*3:15, 4i4§,«.»«:30 p.- m. • ¦> ...
Trains marked -(.*) start from San Qaentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
. WEEK; DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:53/ lU:20 r
a. m. 12:33. 2:4S. 4:50. R: 10 p. m. . ™
EXTRA . TRIPS ' on Monttays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at '7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
. .SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:03 a. n?.. 12:03.^.2:13.
3:30, 5:00. 8:43 n.m-" '--.-/
: Through .trains;; ;*• ¦;
6:55. a. m. Week ," days-^-Cazadero and way
stations. :-:".., ... » . ¦ ¦ -, - . . ' .
: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.' ' '%" ' .. ' : ..._..- . .
8:C0 a. -m. >Sundays-^Duncan'-MUl* and" way
stations. > ¦.:¦¦-"¦".'•; ¦-¦»«¦ . ¦¦¦ ¦ •¦ ; •• '«>
, Fairfax. Sundays— 8:00.- 9:00, 10:00.. 11:30
a. m. • ¦
Lpsral Holiday boats and trains will ru* oa'
Sund«7 trme.-a •¦-_• -j.;;- - ..'_•; -¦ -V.>-^.*u '
SAN; RAFAEL
i,AKD^BoXrd.' ; • ¦•'.-'. :'¦'
SAN RAFAEL— Room and -.board (or .'part
boerd) .for .single - gentleman ; private family ; I
0 minutes'-, walk -from "-broad' gauge station;'
large grounds. • Box 4503. Call office. .'.- '.
1 MABBIfGE ; LICENSES. . •
; The following marrlase licenses. were Issued'
ye6te'rday:'- .'.".-. j . : '• - f ' -. " ' .
¦ Jchb O. Johansen.' 30.- 731 Davis street and
Th<trtsa Jr Smith, 21, > 413 First street.
Frank Hutter. 27, Angel Island, and Mary
V. Shields, 18, 2275 Greenwich street.
John J. Applegate, -53,' 1220 Bush^street, and
Emllle M. Preston, 28, 1220 Bush street. •
John F. Hanson, • 42, : Evanston. 111., and
Amanda Oilson, 30, Evanston. : 111. ; • ;
FYank Abraham. 24, 009 Larkin 'street, and
Rosle Sittenheim. 10, 1421 Golden Gate- avenu ».-
Arthur O. Reilly, 2G, 1609 O'Farrell street,
and Annie Rilev, 22, 1558 Fifteenth street.
William A.'-Marchand.'25, West Point, and
Lulu L. Westfall, .25, West Point. - ¦
Alfred SleKler, 24, : 118^i ' Ellis street, and
Mabel P. Halpin. 18, Inclcside.
. Francis J.' Gruss, 24, Loyalton, and Bertha
Kinaey, 24, C05 Cole street.
John A. LangenbacU. 24, 620 Minnesota
street, and Ellen M. : Mlllard, 24." 642^i Bryant.
BI6THS—MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
• Birth! ' marriage' and death .notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in' at." either of the publication offices: and -be'
indorsed with the name and residence ' of per-
sons authorized to have. the same published.
BORN.
GEBHARDT— To. the. wife of Charles O. Geb-
hardt, a daushter. ;
KEARNEY — In this city, March 21, 1002, to
.the wife of W. T. Kearney, a son.
KIRKWOOD— In this city, March 25, 1002, to
¦the iwlfe of D. H. Kirkwood, a son. "
PAUL— in this city. February 2S. 1802, to the
•wife of Frank Paul, a daughter.
WATERMAN — In . this city." March 20. 1902,
to the wife of Jesse. H. ; Waterman, a
daughter. * -'i '¦ ¦¦•¦¦'. ..-.¦.,-
, MABRIED.
ELLESEN— BRUNKHOURST— In this city,
March 19," 1902, by Rev. Herbert ' F. BrlggB,
John Ellesen and Alvina Brunkhourat," both
of this city. , , .'-...
FRASER— BARNES— In .this city, March 0,
1002, by Rev. Herbert F.' Briggs, John M.
Fraser of Eureka, Cal., and Jennie E.
'Barnes- of Sacramento; Cal. ¦ ' " " .
MARTIN — MACY — In this - city, . March 15,
- 1902, by Rev. Herbert . F. Brisrgrs. John H.
Martin of Concord, -Cal., ¦ and Nellie T.
Macy of San Francisco, Cal. .: . ¦:
MeFARLAND — JAUREO-BAKER — In' this
city, March 26, 1002. at Westminster Church, '
' -by-. '-Rev. >'E. H. Avery.VD.-D;,- James^<D.- Me-
Farland -of. San Francisco and- Marie Ines
Jaurtz-Baker of Napa.Cal. . I, " . .
WHEELER-NOBLE— In r :thi3 city. March 16,
1902, by Rev. Herbert F. Briggs. Earnest A.
¦ Wheeler and Minnie Myrtle. Noble, both, of
this city. '....¦;."' -. ". . . . t ¦'.-'-..
' '"',. '¦'".¦''¦¦:¦.. \.P IE[) r? .•'-.;¦•¦ ¦:'.. ' ;
Andersen. Lizzie ,, ¦ Mollison» James J.
Blftck,-- Alma ' ' Muller,'. Rudolph
"Graeber, Ralph -.- Op'penheiiner, Eliza
GerberdWif, ? Albert ' - "Peterson, "Anna B.
Hart. MlssAnne ' "••"¦' Thomsen,' ChrU
Hawley, George P. Valentine, Thomas -
Hossack, 4 - Louise • ;.' .Waltjen, Diedrich,.' "
Kramer, Gustave B. Welby, George W.
Loftus, Mary ' • Wills," Thirza G.
'¦• Mason. , Frederick -A. ,». " . , v ., ..
ANDRESEN — In Lorln, Berkeley,' March 26,
1002, LJzzle A. S.,> dearly beloved daughter
x>t Mrs. Hedwis and the . late Peter N. An-
dresen, 'and sister of Minnie, Ernest, . Peter,
Carl and Jacob Andresen, : a' native of San
Francisco, aged IT . years 0 months, and 3
days. ' ; . . -.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the i funeral Friday,
March 28, at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 3032 Ellis' street, Lorln sta-
tion," thence to ; Bethlehem ¦ Church, Mason
and Grove streets, ' where services will be
held, commencing,, at -2 o'clock. Interment
¦ Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
BLACK — In Berkeley. March 27, 1902, Alma. :
. beloved daughter of Charles E. and Ella R.
Black, aged 18 months. ¦ .. ... ; ; ,
CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GRAEBER— In thls..city. ; ; March' 27, 1902,
Ralph, beloved son of Ferdinand and Edith
Graeber, a native of Boston, .Mass., aged 2
yeara 6 months and 13 days. ...
.- ' E7"Remalns • at the parlors of McFadden,
'McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street. ¦ .
GERBERDING — In Santa" Barbara! March '26,
¦ 1902; Albert Gerberding, r a native of San
"Francisco, aged 51' years.' ' : •
1ET Notice of funeral later.
HART— In this city,, «March. 27, 1902, Miss
Anne Hart, beloved 'daughter of. the- late
James and Anne Hart, a native of San Jose,
Cal.
HAWLEY— In" San Mateo, March 26. 1902,
George P.; 'beloved husband of Mary H.
Hawiey, and '"stepfather of -Mrs. Margaret
Beves, a native of Scotland.
i ,' . 7 tETFrienda . and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to "attend, the funeral services
., Friday, March .28, 1U02,. at h^s ,late resi-
dence In San 'Mateo. Cal. ' Bus meets. 11:30
o'clock train from San Francisco. ,'
HOSSACK— In thls^clty, March 20, 1902, Lou-
ise Hossack. '. relict of ; the late Charles D.
• Hossack, and beloved mother of Mrs. A. J.
Maitland, Mrs. ' C. Finlayson. Mrs. Charles
H. Maass and "Hugh ' Hossack, a native of
Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 71 years 1 month
and 27 days. . • • ¦• ¦ ¦" • ¦ . .
$2T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. ¦ Maass. 917 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
" streets. ' "¦ • '
KRAMER— In this city, March 25. ' 1902, Gus-
tave Bernard Kramer, dearly ' beloved hus-
. band of Philippine Kramer.. a native of Prus-
sia, Germany, aged 70 years 4 months and 7
days. . .....
C7Frlends.anid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- to-day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clocR. from his late resi-
dence, 620 Locust avenue, off Laguna street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOFTUS— In this city, March 27. 1002, Mary
Loftus, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years. |
MASON-^-In this cify, : March • 26, 1902, Fred-
erick Albert' Mason, . beloved husband of
Elizabeth Mason, a native of Massachusetts,
aged (>6 years 5 months and 25 days. .
(E7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited '- tot - attend the! funeral .Sunday!
March 30, at 2 o'clock, .from, the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. ,1,. F. and, ., A. • M. -.Interment
Cypress Lawn- Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
MdLLIKON— In this city, March 25, 1002,
James J. MoHlson, broiher of the late Wil- 1
Ham and' John C. ' Molliaon, and brother-in-
law of Mra. H. S. Molllson, a native of Eng-
land, aged 46 years and 25 days.
i£7*Friend8 and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Hesperian Grove No. 15, Hartnagvl
Chapter and Golden Gate Arch, U. A. O. D.,
and Sotoyome Tribe No. 12, Impd. O. R. M.,
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
r on Sunday, March 30, at: 1:30 o'clock, from
Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter streets i Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 3:30 , o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
MULLER — In this city, March 27, 1002 Ru-
- dolph Muller,. dearly beloved husband of
Louisa Muller,* and 'beloved father of Ru-
aolph Jr.. Walter and Richard Muller, a na-
tive of ¦ Canton Bern, Switzerland, a*ed 37
years 6 ' months : and 28' days. (Cleveland,
Ohio, and San Jose, ¦ Cal.-, papers please
copy.) -
tCT Remains at the funeral" parlors' of th?
Gantner & "Guntz Undertaking Company'
' 1209 Mission • street, between Eljhth and
Ninth.! Interment Cypress La Wn Cemetery.
OPPENHEIMER— In this city, March 27, 1902,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
to ?lancagan ft Gallaiher.j
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM11ALMERA
' ¦ 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln ticbool.
' .- > ¦ Telephona ¦ South 80. " - - '
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
.*.-: _&. ¦-"; .- . : NEAREST THE CITY. •
Office, 9.6 Market Street.
¦ .- . . ./ : Telephone . Bush 367. ¦
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'. Association; M. J
McBrearty, with the- same company for IS
¦years;; P; V; Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lor* at 1171 Mission "treat, between Boveoth
, and ElKhtu. Telephone ; South 44. ,-. ¦ ¦
I -a>*7 *n* ao nrth st. Ttei. south mtTI?
rUNTRAL DIRECTORS AMD CMBALMUtS. I
REMOVED !
, mcOlNN-BROS.,
. EUNEMAL- PIRECTOKS and EMBALM-
ERS.jtor224 and 226' McAllister st.-(For''
st^Tel^South 2B2.) ¦'¦ •'-*
' > N^TicE'-.TO:'THEVpUBLlc:^: ;^, :
• , On« and i^fter'AprlM,. 1902; the.'rat* of
. to /'.ail '„ cemeteries -.by ; carriage "In • San Mateo
County : will* be ' six ¦ dollars. «6) r per carriage
To funeral ¦ train or electric cars, - four • dollars
($4). .: Return trips.- two dollars : ($2).' ¦¦ -.- •
¦ Signed: -M.-W. COFFET, President Hack-
men's Union. ..¦.¦,¦¦¦- ¦_¦:,".¦ .-¦.--, , •-.'..- ¦;.
¦W. BRIDGES,' President Carriage Owners'
and Stablemen's ¦Association.;"" ,-'-;• ,
• MCTTrlends and ucqualntances are -respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral' services to-
morrow, Saturday. March 29. 1902, at 2
o'clock, at the Alden Presbyterian .Churcli,
Forty-ninth street, near : Telegraph : avenue.
Take Telegraph avenue cars to Forty-ninth
street. '. ' '. ¦.
. ! CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday, at
1 o'clock, from his late residence, 875 Church
street. • Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. " .
WILLS — In t Oakland. • March 20. 1902. at her
residence. 422 Forty-ninth street, Thirza
GOyne, beloved ' wife of Rev. J. T. Wills,
D.D., and mother of Mrs. A. \V. S. Smith,
a native of England, aged 02 years. . ,
i CCFrlpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 520 Sixth street, between Bryant and
,• Brannan. 'Interment Holy Crcs3 Cemetery.
WELBY— In. this city. March 25. 1902. George
- W., oldest and beloved son of Charles W.
and Elizabeth E. Weiby. and brother ot
Mra. _, A;".H. Powers Jr. and .Charles .F.,
•Reuben S., -Dorothy R. and Harry C. Welby,
a ' native of Omro, Wls., aged 29 yeara 7
months and 7 days. '
.. ' (C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .to attend the funeral . to-day
" (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors" <)f
the United .-Undertakers; 27 and 29 Fifth
street. - Interment Laurel HiU Cemetery.
VALENTINE — In this city, -March 26.' -^ 1902.
¦ Thomas Valentine, a native of Ireland,' aged
CO years.' - - "• - - •"
WALTJEN— In . this city. March ' 27, 1902.
Dledrlch Waltjen, belo\ed son of Diedrich
and Marearet Waltjen, and brother, of Al-
fred and William Waltjen. Mrs. Frank DeTby
and the late John- Henry Waltjen, a native
of Pajaro. Cal.. aged 20 years and 6 months.
• t; lC7F.uneral , from* 177. Perry j street at 10:30
o'clock to-day (Friday). -The funeraPtralri
will . leave for j Cypress Lawn Cemetery at
11:30 o'clock. ¦> *>-
THOMSEN— In this city, March 17. '1902,
1 Chris, beloved eon of and Caroline
. Thomeen, : and brother of Niels" Tbomsen,. a,
. native of .Denmark, aged. 56 years. A mem-
¦ ber 'of' Master •¦ Mariners' 'Association ' and
1 : Brickhandlers* Union. .-'- . . ¦ ¦..,-.¦ Y
Eliza Onpenheimer, - dearly : beloved >• wife, of
Julius Opnenheimer, a • native .. of- Norway,
. aged 56 years and 5 months." ' "
PETERSON^-In this- city. March 26. 1802.-
. 'Anna Elizabeth, dearly beloved daughter of
; '.Pehr'andH Christine -Peterson. -"a native "of
San Francisco.: aged '8 months and* 14 days."I am told that about two-thirds of the
street railway employes of the city. have
affiliated with the union. The men are
not asking concessions in the matter- of
hours or wages, but they resent Mr. Vin
ing's Interference with their personal lib
erty in decreeing that. they shall not join
a union.. However, • I hope to secure a
frank discussion of the situation by rep
resentatives of the employes and Mr.
Duane and Mr. Dellano • of the Eastern
syndicate, with possibly Attorney General
Ford, their attorney."
General Manager Vining asserts that
the strength of the union Is greatly ex
aggerated. He says that of the 2000 em
ployes of the Market-street Railway Com
pany lines not more than a hundred have
joined, the union, and that a large num
ber of these are discharged employes. He
does not believe that one in ten of their
employes would be willing to strike to
remedy, any of their alleged grievances.
"Our men are paid- 22 cents per hour,"
Mr. Vining said. "They have the choice
of working ten or twelve hours. If an
employe wants to j earn $2 65 instead , of
$2 20 he works the extra hours. A day's
pay is drawn every day, payment being
about three days behind all the time. Five
years service entitles a man to an extra
cent per: hour, ten years' to 2 cents, fif
teen years' to 3 cents and twenty years' to
4 cents, this .bonus being paid monthly.
Tins pay Is the most liberal to be found
in any. city In the country except Butte,
Mont. We demand loyal service and con
sider Joining in the formation, of a union
to fight us an act of disloyalty. Of course
I cannot say. what view of the question
will be, taken by the new owners.',' ,
" Syndicate Not Yet in Charge. .
The new corporation, the United Rail
roads of San Francisco, has still little
more than a nominal existence, with ¦ a
dummy board of ¦ directors. Pending or
ganization of its : working force the ' old
Market Street Railway Company man
agement under Vining continues in
charge, operating the roads for the new
Resent Vining's j Interference.
"I saw Mr." Duane about a, month ago;
at the timo fourteen men had been dis
charged in ten days for having joined the
union. He seemed anxious that his cor
poration should' avoid conflict with its
employes, and he gave me the impression
that they would be willing to listen
to their grievances. . The dismissals
stopped for the, time, but I-am informed
by the committee- that-they began again
Friday and have continued with such
alarming frequency that a halt must be
called or they will, resort to a strike. Mr:
vining tells his men whom he discharges
that it is done because they have Joined
the union.. On the Sutter-street line they
do not assign a reason, and in some cases
they have even given the discharged men
excellent recommendations. .
• A new labor trouble threatens,' and un
less the counsels of those who favor peace
is:heeded- San. Francisco is likely to be
plunged into a second disastrous -strike.
The street railroad employes of the cily',
lately organized" into a union, are de
manding'of the new syndicate. that they:
be let alone, free to declare their affilia
tion with the union. They have, appealed
to Mayor •Schmitz, to intercede for them
to stop dismissals of 'men for Joining the
union,- and .they declare that unless ' his
efforts are" successful they will tie up the
streetcar system of the. city. ..; >:'
; A committee of five from the new union,
accompanied by President Goff and. Sec
retary Kosenberg of the' San Francisco
Labor : Council, with? which the union is
affiliated, called upon Mayor Schmltz yes
terday morning- and informed him that
eight gripmen and conductors had been
discharged since. last Friday. Of these al
least. four were discharged by General
Manager Vining for- having joined; the
union. The managers of the Sutter-strcet
and SanMateo lines discharged the re
mainder, without assigning any reason at
all; the committee claims, the cause of
the trouble ¦ being nothing else' than -the
union affiliations of the employes who lost
their jobs. The committee told the Mayor,
that 'unless the new owners would -give
him assurances that Vining and the other
managers of the lines acquired by " the
syndicate would be stopped In their cru
sade against the union they would be com
pelled to declare a strike and that quickly.
>?_• Writes to Duane. • ;
Mayor Schrnitz" at once addressed, a
communication to James M. Duane, rep
resenting, the Eastern owners, and asked
for a conference with him with the ob
lect, of arranging: a conference between
the new corporation and the employes.
The Mayor was informed last night that
Mr. Duane and his associates now in the
city would meet the representatives of
the employes at 10 o'clock this. morning
in the Mayor's office.
Mr. Duane asked to. be excused last
night 'from discussing the subject. He
would make no statement regarding the
Mayor's communication.
The committee from the union that
called upon the. Mayor consisted of Rich
ard Cornelius, . president of the union; W.
T. Jane, Andrew Sorenson, W. J. Gold
kuhl and' W. Burton. They had been ap
pointed to confer with the Labor Council
people and upon -the advice and with- the
support of the officers of that organiza
tion they decided to appeal to the Mayer.
"We cannot let" this matter become a
new labor conflict," Mayor Schmitz said
yesterday. "We do not want any strikes
in this city. As Mayor I shall do what
ever is , possible to. avert such troubles.
They hurt all i classes. I hope that we
shall be able to- settle all differences by
conferences or arbitration and avoid the
methods of warfare. Any strike is bad
enough, but a railroad strike is the worst
of all, and the constant danger, of- trouble
that may. end in loss of life, makes it a
conflict to be -avoided ,. if there - can • be
found any possible peaceful method •• of
settlement. • ¦• .^ " ¦ • •¦ . \ ¦ ¦ ¦
James M. Duane ' Consents to Meet
the. Committee To-Day and Talk /
Over the Phases of
• 'Situation. - • .
'Grievance.
'¦'-., ¦ ~ — . .. - ¦ r .• ¦¦¦
Dismissal of Men for Joining
Organization Is Their- ¦
Street vRaUroad^Union;
Threatens r
MAYOR DOES
NOT APPROVE
OF M'COMB
; Court. |
Schmitz > Qbj acts to ,iN6W
¦'I ¦• •¦ XJlerk _i of "Jjustices' * ,'. ',.
He ; Will^Vetov tbe Resolution
¦ ; - V Intended ; v to' Fill ; : /
;^y^ ¦¦Woancy;/;. \:'t%
of Fourteen Supervisors Before
He Can . -Legally Enter
1 Office. *- : -; ¦••'¦¦•
' . ' •'••'¦ :'. -.-. ¦ ; ¦ ... I
Appointee Must Receive the Support
¦ Mayor Schmltz stated yesterday that he
will .veto,'. the resolution ¦ adopted by the
Board/* • of Supervisors confirming, the
nomination of George' S. McComb as
clerk of the Justices' Court. \ The Mayor
.said, that he would not take the "ten days
allowed him by the charter to act on the
resolution, but would send his veto to the
Board of Supervisors at. next Monday's
meeting.
The Mayor's reasons f^r taking unfav
orable action are . the 'same as those he
advanced when McComb's name was up
: for'. confirmation before the board. The
Mayor stated that he was opposed to the
appointment of a deposed deputy in ¦ for
mer Clerk Williams' office to the position
of clerk. .Again, his Honor charged that
McComb haa often absented himself from
his duties ' when deputy clerk. This
charge McComb acknowledged to be
true, but pleaded in extenuation that he
always periormed the back work on the
next day. '¦* .
It will . require ¦ the votes " of fourteen
Supervisors to : override the Mayor's veto
of the resolution confirming McComb. The
appointment of McComb was ratified by
the votes of twelve . Supervisors— Alpers,
Bent, Boc-ih;- Braunhart, Comte, CurtiB,
D'Ancona, Eggers, Payot, Sanderson,
Brandenstein and - Wilson. The four
United Labor party members of the
board — Lynch, McClellan, Loughery and
Wynn— together with Connor, the Demo
cratic member, voted against McCorab's
confirmation. Boxton, who was absent,
will vote with .the twelve Supervisors who
favored McComb, thus giving the latter
thirteen votes, or one less than the neces
sary fourteen. Unless Connor comes- to
his rescue McComb will not have enough
votes to pass the resolution over the
Mayor's head. He needs Connor, be
cause the Labor party members will not
vote for him. , •
On the other hand, the Justices of the
Peace contend that the Mayor has no
power either to sign or veto the resolu
tion. The Political Code provides sim
ply that the Supervisors shall confirm the
Justices' clerk j nomination. The I Justices
hold that the' confirmation could have
been made by motion instead of by reso
lution, which would have prevented the
Mayor rendering the. resolution nugatory
by refusing to affix his signature thereto.
MIX-UP WITH A CABLE
CAUSES A BIG BLOCKADE
and Residents Are Late for
Dinner.
Hayes-Street Car Jumps the Track
Residents of this city who live in the
outlying districts were late for dinner last
evening' by reason of a blockade on the
Market-street car line. A Hayes-street car
attempted to turn into Hayes street with
the Market-street cable in its grip. and as
a result the car was thrown off the track.
The grip was smashed, but no one was
Injured.' The passengers inside the car
were treated- to a severe shaking up, but
were able to leave the car without injury.
, It: was necessary to send for a wrecking
crew to place the car . on the track and
send.it on, its journey. , Fully forty mln
.utes ' were occupied i in straightening out
things, and as a result there was a string
of .cable cars on Market street that ex
tended-more than two blocks. Many of
the. passengers v availed ' themselves of
transfers to nearby. car lines.,
MAJOR. DEVOL ASSUMES .
i*: : v/.i COMMAND. OF TEANSPOBrTS
General . Long's Successor Arrives
; From the East With His
Family/
Major C A. Devol, U. S. A., arrived sat
the Occidental yesterday, accompanied by
his wife and two daughters;' He was re
cently appointed successor 'to General
Long and will take charge of the trans
port service in this city. , ¦
.Major. Devol N is about 43 years, of age
and . has ¦ a . splendid record. . When the
¦. Spanish, war first broke out he was sta
tioned in this city. He/was sent to Ma
nila .and held , the -responsible position of
depot quartermaster. After ¦ two years'
service In the Philippines he was ordered
to New York, where he had full charge of
the transport service at that port.
_ Major .Devol is .very reticent about his
future policy, and dsclincs to state wheth
er he Intends making any changes in the
service in the immediate future.
Succumbs to Asphyxiation.
Joseph Hopkins, an aged man, who was
overcome, by gas last Tuesday afternoon
in his home, 329 Sixth street, died last
night In the Central Emergency Hospital.
After; he was -taken to the hospital he
gave little indications of recovering. Ow
ing to his advanced age he possessed lit
tle vitality -to recuperate from the effects
of the poisonous gas. .,'..,¦. -.
owners. New men can be placed in
charge any day the syndicate ' so decides.
' The union that threatens to fight for its |
life Is known as Street Railroad Em
ployes, Division 205, and is affiliated with
the National Amalgamated Association of
Street Railroad Employes, ' with whose
officers it has. been in communication re
garding the present trouble. Its delegates
to the Labor Council are Richard Cor
nelius. George Ding well and H. Johnson.
It-claims to have about 2500 of the 4000
street railway employes in the city.
There is a disposition on the part of
some of the men to demand a uniform
wage of $2 50 per day for ten hours' work,
but the grievance which now threatens
to end in conflict is solely the discharge
of employes for joining the union.
NEW OWNERS
AND EMPLOYES
WILL CONFER
14
TELE SAIf FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; MARCH 28, 1902,
The British bark Ktlloran. which arrived
here Wednesday, evening from Newcastle, Eng
land, having made the voyage In 130 days, one
of the smartest passages of the year, , attracted
a great deal of attention along the water front.
Attracts Much Attention.
Company' F, First Regiment Infantry,
N. G.JC., formerly L Company, First
California .Volunteers, will give a grand
military, ball and exhibition drill at the
Regimental Armory, Page and Gough
streets, on Thursday, evening, April' 3.
The drill will be at 8:15 and the grand
march at 9. The military will attend in
uniform. ,
Company F to Give; Ball.
...VI". didn't - care ,. about • myself," said
Young last evening. "I only ¦ wanted . to
get my"-. wife the. food and comforts she
needed." .
. The thought of his wife drove Young to
desperation. .While both of them, hungry
and ill. -were walking in the park Wednes
day ' afternoon the husband • saw the ' op
portunity to secure bread and stole the b!-~
cycle. • . • . •¦-
once set out to .find employment by which
to support hiswlfe and himself, but was
only, able to. pick up odd jobs, such as
chopping wood and assisting peddlers.
On a meager income the couple lived
until . Young's:, weakness overcame him
nnd he was unable to do any hard work.
When reverses came Young was too proud
to make his wants known to his family
or 'to -appear to them for aid on account
of their objection to his marriage, so. he
struggled; along until his wife began to
fall.-/
1 Last September Young married against
the wishes of his parents, who are resi
dents of this city. < He was employed by
the C. & S. Mining Company in the San
Joaquin Valley at the time. Soon after
the marriage. he contracted malaria, and
on December 1 was obliged to return to
San- Francisco, slck"'and penniless.' He at
Driven to desperation by hunger and
thoughts' of his young wife, ,who was ill
and needed medical attention, ' William
Young, 22 years of age,' stole a bicycle
in Golden Gate Park Wednesday after
noon and was arrested a short time after
ward by Detectives Bell and Armstrong.
Both he and his wife are now in the Cen
tral police station, the latter because she
is destitute and has no other shelter and
because of her desire to remain near her
husband during his hour of trouble. Mrs.
Young is but 18 years of age.
erty, Steals a Bicycle in the
Park. . -
GIRL WIFE STAYS IN JAIL
TO BE NEAR HEB HUSBAND
William Young, Desperate From Pov-
The detectives at the central station are
looking, for two. crooks who robbed the
California candy factory at 1438 Market
street shortly after 6 o'clock last night.
The methods used by the thieves were
unique and the officers believe the per
petrators of the crime tobe strangers on
the coast and recent arrivals from, the
East.
While crowds were . passing to and iro
on the principal thoroughfare of the city,
the crooks worked. ¦ One of them smeared
the glas3 in the large show window with
soap and then called the attention of the
proprietor to it. The latter at once se
cured water and a towel and .stepped out
side to clean the glass. "While thus occu
pied the second man entered the store and
looted the place. He opened the till and
cash register, taking all the money con
tained in them, about $55. A good descrip
tion of the men was given and their cap
ture is likely to be effected very soon.
California Candy Factory
Is Robbed in Unique
: Manner.
THIEVES EMPLOY
SOAP AS ALLY
Can Be Settled Out ..of
Court.
Frank H. Short Believes the Matter
The oil rate cases were to have been
argued yesterday before Judge Morrow in
the United States Circuit Court, but At
torney Frank H. Short stated that he was
not ready to go on with the case and that
he would like a continuance of at least two
weeks. He added that he expected before
that time a settlement, of the is
sues Involved would be made out of court.
The complainants, the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe, the Santa Fe Pacific
Railroad Company and the Southern Cali
fornia Railroad Company, seek to restrain
the Railroad Commissioners from enforcing
the new schedule of rates for transport
ing crude petroleum within the limits of
the State of California. They allege that
the rates if enforced would take away all
their profits and virtually amount to the
confiscation of the railroad property.
The answer of the Commissioners avers
that their schedule of .rates was adopted
after a careful and thorough investigation
¦of all,'the circumstances pertaining to or
surrounding the rates. They set ¦ forth
also that the. railroads' claim of. sepa
rate ownership of the' lines is a sham and
that the lines are owned, controlled and
operated exclusively by the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe.
Judge Morrow set April 17 as the time
for 'hearing- the argument.
Convicted of Grand ' Larceny.
,: F. R. Dewey was convicted by a jury
in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday on the
charge of grand larceny and will . be sen
tenced April 5. j He stole a valuable gold
watch from Robert O. Twiss, a saloon
keeper from Stockton, in the. Owl saloon,
20 Mason street, on November 24. 1 HEBE
General Barnes Is Much Better.
- General W. H. L. Barnes is fast im
proving: from the operation performed on
his throat last ' week. Dr. Julius - Rosen-
Ftlm says that Mr. Barnes is much b«tter
and will be well shortly. .
OIL SATE CASES ARE
POSTPONED TWO WEEKS
Shortly after this mishap an elevator on
the west side of the building hung flre be
tween the first and second floors. It was
too far up for the passengers to get out of
the lower floor and too far up for them to
make their exit through the upper one.
Not having any guarantee that they
might not have to stay there till the bars
were sawed away, they began to feel wor
ried. They all looked very unhappy 'and
did not appear to enjoy being in captiv
ity. Finally the cage stopped balking and
pursued the even tenor of Its way for the
rest of the day^ The elevator man said
the trouble was caused. by something fcr
which the engineer was responsible and
the engineer shifted the blame to the
elevator man.
The first accident occurred in. one of the
elevators on the east side of the build
ing. It was descending and was filled
with passengers by the time it had reach
ed the sixth floor. The operator lowered
it to the fifth floor, but when he at
tempted to stop it there something in
connection with the brake apparatus
snapped and the machine dropped like a
phot. The brake was still set and by
some unaccountable good fortune the ele
vator stopped with a shock at the fourth
floor. The passengers nearly broke the
door down getting out Every one care
fully inspected himself or herself and all
were overjoyed to find that they had
escaped unhurt. The machine was looked
over, and as it appeared to be all right,
it was kept in commission for the rest of
the day.
Passengers in two elevators in the Par
rott building were badly frightened yes
terday afternoon. Both cages were
crowded to the limit at the time. One of
them unexpectedly dropped about ten feet
and the other got stuck between two
floors. Considerable excitement was
aroused throughout the building, but it
gradually subsided when it was discovered
that no one was Injured to any extent.
Two Elevators in Parrott
Building Prove Un
ruly.
Died From Effects of Liquor.
Edward Johnson, a sailor from the Onis
bo, who was removed from the harbor
hospital to the General Emergency Hos
pital last Wednesdaj', suffering from
uver-indulgence in liquor, died at the lat
ter place yesterday. The Coroner took
charge of the body. .¦ " ¦¦,:-¦•.-«¦
PASSENGERS ARE
GIVEN A SCARE
The United Ancient Order of Druids Is
called upon to mourn the loss of another
of its prominent members in the death
on last Wednesday of J. J. MolIIson, a
member of Hesperian Grove. In 1897-9S he
was the grand secretary of the order. He
was a native of England, 46 years of age.
and was deemed one of the best versed
men in the order on Druidic law and
work under the ritual. He was also a
member of Sotoyome Grove of the Im
proved Order of Red Men. His funeral
will be held under the auspices of the
: grove of Druids of which he was a mem-
I fcer.
Ex-Grand Secretary Dead.
In explanation C. C. Maxon claimed that
he had been-cruelly' deceived by a myth
ical person lh Los Angeles, who is known
as Halliday. Maxon returned the deed to
James and the deal is off. But the ques
tion now remains what is to become of
the heap of worthless truck / which is
stored in E.' Heringhi & Co.'s store? The
proprietors of the- store do not want it.
Jefferson / G. James has abjured it and
Real Estate Agent Duncan refuses to take
charge ' of - It. although ho spent several
hours yesterday surveying the motley,
hopeless heap of trash, dreaming of; his
shattered hopes of .fortune. V
If they were surprised when they saw
the. size of the load the truck contained
they were struck with consternation when
they beheld the contents of the boxes.
Never was such a mass of rubbish, such
odds and ends, collected together in one
mass. A hurried call was sent for James,
Duncan and Maxon, and together they
viewed the heap. Maxon offered no expla
nation as to why the handsome silks that
he had so -loudly lauded were but paper
dress patterns at least ten years. behind
the fashion, or why the fine hardware
was but a collection of old pots and pans
that had been burned out and cast away,
or why the drugs and patent medicines
was but a quantity of sweet oil. ¦ .-. J :
There was one case missing— that which
was supposed to contain the $14,000 worth
of notions, dry goods and piece goods
which had never been touched. -• James
and Duncan pinned their hopes to this
•case and Maxon declared that when it ar
rived they would be satisfied with their
transaction. At the end of a day's wait
ing the missing article came to hand. Who
can judge of James* and Duncan's disap
pointment when the box was opened and
found to contain a quantity of valueless
pictures of .the Chicago World's Fair?
• Claims He Was Deceived.
Boxes Contain Rubbish.
Millionaire James, however, was not to
let his acres slip through his fingers with
out taking some precaution, so he had the
deed placed in escrow — that Is, it was not
to be of value to Maxon unless the goods
were satisfactory when they arrived from
Los Angeles. This precaution on James'
part defeated Maxon's scheme- and turned
the whole attempt at fraud into a lu
dicrous farce. • . • "
After having the deed prepared . James
paid the storage on the goods in Los An
geles and also their freight to this city.
He also paid to have the records searched
In order to make certain that the title to
his land was clear. In order that he
might reap the greatest reward he made
arrangements to have the goods disposed
of by E. Heringhi & Co. The company
had space on the second -floor of "their
store cleared to receive the goods. Great
care was to be taken of the $39,000 worth
of precious commodities. The company
was to receive a commission for selling
the goods.
As the day for the arrival of the goods
drew near E. Heringhi and I. Belasco of
the company stood in the doorway of their
store watching to catch the first sight of
the trucks piled high with bales of the
precious silks and boxes of the priceless
works of art and they were grievously
disappointed when one single truck, with
but half a load of small, dirty boxes of all
shapes and sizes, arrived in front of their
door. 'J>'S$ . ' " ,
Places Deed in Escrow.
Seven hundred broad 'acres of choice,
fertile land, valued at from $15,000. to $20,
100. in exchange .for a cartload of worth-'
ess, -unsightly junk, 13 the strange corri
nerciai transaction which was almost
consummated in this city within the last
:ew days. That the deal, which has on its
lace all the appearance of a fraud, was
lot completed and the valuable property
riven for a heap of rubbish is due. to
he knowledge of law and the precaution
)f Jefferson G. James, the millionaire
andowner.
Although James was not enticed : into
jarting with any of his acres, he paid
mndry express and storage charges on
he junk and lost consideraole of his vai
lable time over the deal, ine was not the
>ruy one, however. K.-H. Duncan, a real
estate agent of large experience, is even
vorse ort. For over a month he labored
o arrange the deal, hoping thereby to
¦eap a rich commisison ana now all -he
las to show for his worn is an Interest
n about a dozen boxes of unmarketable
rash which are at present stored away in
a. Herinshi & Co.'a store at 211 Fine
itreet. . ¦ ..."-'it*-
The history of this strange and rather
udicrous deal involves- an account of the
sviles which were practiced by C. Ci
ttaxon, a suave young man from Los An
jeles, on Millionaire Jajnes and Real
tisate Agent Duncan, both of whom were
leslrous of making a few thousand dol
ars easily. Maxon, who is a handsome
y dressed man with a diamond of the
irst water sparkling from the Immaculate
bosom of hla shirt and two more gems
flittering from his cuffs, came to this city
iljout a month ago.
Launches His Scheme.
He sought the acquaintance of R.H.
Duncan and Informed him that he had
some personal property in L.os- Angeles,
valued at.*3»,000. which he wished to dis
pose of for some fertile land. Duncan,
anxious to reap a commission, sought to
assist Maxon in exchanging his property.
Duncan approached a number of wealthy
landowners in this city, but was unsuc
cessful in inducing- any one to bargain
with Maxon until he went to Jefferson Q.
'james' has a tract of land containing
700 acres in the vicinity of Monterey, ana
this, he was willing to sell. Maxon was
Introduced to James and the bargain pro
gressed swimmingly. Maxon showed
James a shipping receipt for the goods
stored In Los Angeles, and also a. com
plete invoice, in which the good3 were de
scribed at length. \ - • '
The invoice showed that there was a
quantity of beautiful silk valued at 55000;
hardware, $18,000; lithographs, $1000, dry
coods, notions and piece goods, which had
never been touched, $14,000; 3000 pieces of
art work, imperial, manufacture, $1--j;
8 rugs and patent medicines, $4000; wild
cherry phosphate, $2000; embroidery work,
$500. These, with sundry other commodi
ties, made up a total value of $39,500. ¦
Millionaire James did not place a value
higher than $20,000 on his land, and he
was perfectly willing to exchange it with
Maxon for goods amounting to almost
twice its value. He figured that even if
Maxon were exaggerating the value of the
goods he. could still hope to realize a
handsome profit. Real Estate Agent
Duncan dreamed night and day. of
the rich reward awaiting him. . ,
Real Estate Agent R. H. _: Duncan
Has His Hopes for a Big Com
mission Very Rudely.
Commodities Offered for Land
by O. C. Maxon Prove
to; Be Rubbish. ¦¦¦
Jefferson G. James Gets
Junk Instead of . N
Valuables.
FARCE ENDS
COMMERCIAL
TRANSACTION
During the divine services at the Temple
Emanu-El on Butter Btreet ' this ' evening
Dr. Voorsanger will • deliver ; the moat : in-
.terestlng lecture of. the -present
Subject, "The Boer at the -Last Trench:
A Plea for Peace ''JgjSjjgBHBSBgECBffnff
Dr. Voorsariger's Lecture.
- The ; War ' Department '. has decided .to
sell the transport Rosecrans to: the -high-
est bidder. ,Orders were received yester-
day for a board of officers, ' composed . of
J. P. - Matthews, superintending engineer
of the transport service; . Lieutenant
Colonel D. D. Wheeler, 'deputy -quarter-
master general; Major William" H. Bald-
win, commissary, , and Major Oscar F.
Long, quartermaster; to examine the ves-
sel and report upon its value.
To Sell Transport Rosecrans.
When your
curiosity drives
you to wonder
what kind of
shoes the men
•wear whose pile
• * • — .^ —
.is bigger than
$3.50 — come in
and let us show
you some of them
Spring styles now ready
832 Market St.
PLATES AT COST.
Free dental clinic for the poor.
Graduates only. Extractions ' free. '
Open Sundays and evenings.
POST-CRADDATE "DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 Taylor St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.
' fciua signature i« on every box of the gennlae
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Table*
W> remedy ttat cures a cold In one Car,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GIMP
Collection
..OF..
..AT..
Native Sons' Hall
414 MASON STREET,
Now on Exhibition,
Day and Evening.
Sales Evenings:
March 29 and SI, '
April 1 and 2, at 8 O'clock*
Afternoons of April 1st and 2d,
2 OXlock.
: :a. w. louderback;
-Auctioneer,
BHWHKEr ' A > fe> I 1 '
Specially manufactured for y?T* ,!!f r i?
beater; cannot be excelled In this c ty at
L1PPITT& FISHER
94S MAttKET STREET,;/
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
A WARNING TO THE PUBLIC!
I have no connection with the : so-called
"Mayerle & Co." which 1m>-* Juat ODened of-
fices next door to my Ions established place
of b'-slness. - . - .
XOTICE —^^VTien wishing to
.jj^i^aL consult MR. , MA YERLE ioolc
* or this cror/n on hia window
'ijSAsSnS* 6 anrl INSIST upon seeing MR.
feT^ 3 "* 5^* CJKORGE MAYERLE PKK-
4k»5"-—^fl>^' SON ALLY. To avoid mls-
s * tnkes look fcr the full name**
ww * Ki^ GEORGE MAYERLE. andt*"
the CROWN on «v«*JT Wla-*^
dow; also the number—
1O71 -
1 -jpitt soon be crowding our thoroughfares, as
\ Easter is near by, and multitudes of women
! will be seen in elegant and faultless attire. No
'doubt you will admire tfte ease and araceful-j
ntss of their euery mouement I
The great majbriU/ of theje women are wearing
SORO5I5 shoes. UUe do not claim all the
credit for their admirable carriage, but '
S SOROSI5 has done more than any other
5ino;le influence to produce the elegance, ease T
and dignity of this magnificent pageantry. I
$3.52 per pair 1,
\ for the Easter season our new ZFOXfl patent I
coif is t/ie correct /dotwear for men. &3£££a% 1
OUR SPRING CATALOGUE ' /^^S^3"^&" A MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE!
• NOW READY V^r^vl^^ wJll PROMPT ATTENTION [
S£CCND5H0£3TOF?£ ®^ uik^ \?J0. Z? SO THIRD 1
fBGM MARKET f^ 7 ' MtREELT. S.^ §
I niles, shown to-day, is one of par- \f: \ml \ '•. j | • \\$MS&
1 A lovely fashion in the Bright Spring - (v^^^^rW
1 Colorings, for chaps between the ages \\\\ WmV{\ : • W
\ of 4 and 10 years. Just mannish I \ . : iM Yj • • , sj
I enough to be cote* Plaited in theback. I M • ma \ \ \tt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.