Bfcthrothal ; of an Archduchess.
VIENNA, June 15.— Tho betrothal Is an
nounced of . the Archduchess Marie An
nondade and Duke Siesfrlcd o,f Bavaria.
-ATHENS, June '„¦' 15.— The betrothal Is
announced of | Prince Nicholas,; third son
of King George of Greece, and ; Grand
Duchess Helen, granddaughter, of Grand
Duke Vladimir, of Russia, , ¦ ,1^ .
Engagement of. Grand Duchess Helen.
Brigands Massacre Travelers.
ORAN, Algeria, June 13.— A local news
paper to-day : publishes a statement • that
a small .caravan was massacred by
brigands last Friday* at' HaclelbegrL Ac
cording'to'the paper,' the Flgulg' district,
in the ; desert of Sahara, Is infested with
brigands. . \, . ' ',.• : 'i', ';' ' ; J
PHILADELPHIA. June 15.— Mrs. Rachel
Sahlor. a widow, was to-day shot and
killed at Coatesville, Pa., forty miles west
of here, by Harry N. Rlcer of Newcastle,
Pa., who was also killed by a bullet from
hie revolver while struggling with another
woman for possession of the weapon. The
tragedy, it is said, was tho result of a
quarrel. Rlcer was regarded as Mrs. Sah
lor** accepted suitor. ' , .,_
Quarrel Ends in Double Killing.
LONDON^ June 15.— Trie engagement is
announced of Lord .Francis .Hope and
Beatrice Ricketts. whose grandmother,
the late Lady Caroline Ricketts, was the
daughter of the fourth ; Duke of New
castle., Lord Francis , Hope and Miss
Ricketts are cousins. . '->'^'<-~;,
Lord Francis Hope Is to Many.
There is great activity among the strike
leaders In this district and they are keep
ing in touch with the different fields. G.
S. Purceil Is now in £he Held with au
thority eSgned by President Mitchell for
th« direction cf the West Virginia strike.
CHARLESTON, W. Va., June 15.— It Is
believed here that mining will be generally
resumed Jn the Kanawha and New River
districts this week and in the Elkhorn
region to-morrow. The Kanawha and
Hocking Company has announced semi
monthly paydays and made other conces
sions. It Is .believed there will be a*gen
eral resumption along the Kanawha and
Michigan Railway to-morrow.
Work to Be Resumed in the Kanawha
and TTersr River Districts
This Week-
WEST VIRGINIA STRIKE
IS NOW NEARING AN END
The water, In the Yukon Is still very
low and at a standstill on account of a
cold wave. The Dawson touched bottom
many tlmts between Lower Lebarge and
White Horse, and had much difficulty In
x«A£hlxut~nari.
"-. ¦
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 13.— A half
million dollars in Klondike gold dust ar
rived 'to-night from Skagway by the .
steamer Dolphin. There were eight boxes
of the heavy, dust, all consigned to Seat
tle, principally for the Canadian Bank of
Commerce. Three guards were kept in
the captain's cabin all the way down, and
the big' shipment was constantly under
the eye of the officer on watch. This is
the biggest consignment so far this sea
son. 'It came up the Yukon River on the
steamer Dawson.
TREASURE SHIP BRINGS
HALF MILLION" DOLLARS
. During' the storm lightning demolished
one -of the steeples of ¦ the Lady of Sor
row's Church, Jackson boulevard and Al
bany avenu<$
Joseph Kiaian, while resting in a fisher
man's hut on the; shore of Lake Calumet,
was killed by lightning, and In different
parts of the city, while the storm was In
progress," many other persons received
shocks. -...
The bolt' entered, the steeple and tore
through the building, causing a panic.
The building caught fire, but all the chil
dren were rescued without serious injury.
Calvary Presbyterian Church, West
Congress and Forty-second streets, was
struck while the Sunday school' services
were being held. :
CHICAGO, June 15.— Chicago was . vis
ited by an electric storm this afternoon
which . wrought' death, caused a panic
ainong 100 school children' and damaged
much -'' property. ' ¦ Three churches were
struck by electric bolts, one of them, the
Memorial German Episcopal, being de
stroyed.
Sunday-School Services Are
: Being Held.;
Causes Panic in One Edifice Whera
ELECTRIC BOLTS STRIKE
THREE CHICAGO CHURCHES
These extensions will carry out a threat
made by the Milwaukee to invade the
territory of the Hill merger lines in order
to protect itself in . case the Hill roads
attempted to divert traffic from the Mil
waukee at St. Paul. It is paid that a boy
cott has practically been established
ag-5.lr.st «the Milwaukee at St. Paul by
those lines and Its business from the
merger territory has been reduced to
nothing.
It is said that the Milwaukee will ul
timately build through to the. coast, by
vray of Lolo pass, in Idaho, terminating
at Seattle. From a point west of Evarta
a fcranch Is to be run to the Black Hiljs.
BUTTE: Mont., June 15.— A party of
surveyors of the Chicago, Milwaukee and
SL Paul Railroad is In the field in Mon
tant. completing details for the extension
of that road from Eyarts, S. D., to Bould
er, Mont., to which latter point, the pre
liminary survey was made a year ago.
It Is said by a member of the party that
300 miles of the road will be built within
a year. A survey Is to b« brought to
Butte and a branch line . run to . Helena
from Boulder. The main range of the
Rocky Mountains will be crossed at
Townsend, at an altitude much lower
than that of the Northern Pacific cross
ing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 16.-A dispatch to the
Central News from Rome says it is un
derstood that, with the exception of Car
dinal Vannutelll, the members of the sub
commission of Cardinals which will ex
amine the propositions presented to the
Vatican by W. H. Taft, Civil Governor of
the Philippine Islands, in connection with
ecclesiastical affairs in the archipelago,
are in favor of the regulation of the
church in the Philippines j n the
same manner 'as "obtained" when the
islands were under Spanish sovereignty.
In a dispatch from Rome in which the
correspondent of the Dailjr Telegraph
notes that the sub-commission of Cardi
nals which will examine the propositions
presented by Governor Taft to the Vati
can, included three of the. leading candi
dates for succession to the papacy, name
ly. Cardinal Rampolla, the Papal Secre
tary of State, and Cardinals Vannutelll
and Gottl, the correspondent says It Is
Fear having' been expressed that Amer
ica would pay for tho land of tho Friars
with Philippine bonds, which, It is con
sidered, would depreciate. Governor Taft
explained that the bonds would be in-,
dorsed by the American Government, and
that Washington would bo ready to pay
cash. It will be impossible to establish
a price for all the land, but, roughly av
eraged, it will be from $7,000,000 to $10 -
000,000. . .
_ ROME, June 15.— Governor Taft to-day
visited Cardinals Ledochowski, prefect of
the propaganda, and Vives. The -latter
said that the Pope was highly gratified
with America, and added that the per
sonality of Governor Taft, apart from
his mission, had produced the deepest im
pression on the pontiff, as. also upon all
who had seen him. Governor Taft after
ward called upon Cardinal Steinhuber,
but the latter was out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The guards at the Sans fj>ouci Palace at
Potsdam. have been ordered not to men
tion to visitors certain pictures intimately
connected with Frederick the Great.
Among these Is the portrait of one of his
kitchen maids, and also pictures -of his
favorite" ballet . dancer and a. picture of a
beautiful girl whom Frederick the Great
saw leaning out of a. window while he
was out driving. The Idea of the authori
ties seems to be that the attention of vis
itors £hcu:<3 be drawn to nothing suggest
ing that Frederick had the royal foibles
of his period.
BERLIN, June 15.— Professor Uphues,
the sculptor who Is to execute the statue
oi Frederick the Great to be presented by
Emperor William to the United States,
cays that he will have no opportunity to
pee the Emperor and take suggestions re
garding the statue before August.
Certain Pictures Connected With
Frederick the Great Are Not to
Be Shown to Visitors.
SANS SOUCI PALACE
GUARDS ARE CAUTIONED
COST OF FRIAR
LANDS MAY BE
TEN MILLIONS
Just .before she left , Washington for a
leisurely trip to Oyster Bay on the Dol
phin Mrs. Roosevelt announced her in
tention to 'return to Washington on July
5 and resume the hospitalities which have
been so freely dispensed from the White
House during the present administration.
She probably will remain in Washington
until after the adjournment of Congress.
generally supposed that the sub-commls
slon waa constituted in this manner in. or
der to prevent the Philippine question be
ing used as a party cry "in the next con
clave.- • ¦' ¦-. .-. •¦¦¦• '^c^u
The long receptions at which she was
forced to stand and receive thousands who
presented, themselves broko dowm Mrs.
Roosevelt's strength. , Her guardianship
of tho President was purchased at great
cost. While superintending preparations
for the Rochambeau reception she was
suddenly taken 111! As a result tho stork
has flown far away from the White House
and all of Mrs. Roosevelt's plans for the
summer have been changed.
Mrs. Roosevelt was greatly debilitated
by the trip to Charleston. It occurred at
a time when she was peculiarly suscep
tible to nervous influences and her mind
was' constantly, racked for her husband's
safety. She made it a point to appear
with him on' all occasions in public; in
deed, he was beyond her sight for hardly
a minute during the whole trip. : ;
NEW YORK, June 15.— The World has
the following, from Washington: Mrs.
Roosevelt's recent illness was much more
serious than was reported at the time.
Although of. unusually strong physique,
she succumbed. suddenly on. the eve of the
reception to- the French delegation at tho
Rochambeau exercises.
Wife More Ssrious Than
Was Reported.
Recent' Illness of the President's
MRS. ROOSEVELT'S LIFE
ENDANGERED FOR A TIME
For several days past the sky over Sic
ily has been overcast, and the heat has
been overwhelming. Shocks of earth
quake are reported from other parts of
the island of Sicily.
SYRACUSE, Sicily, June 13. — Strong
earthquake shocks, accompanied by a
sound of underground rumblings, were
experienced here . last night. The Inhab
itants of Syracuse became panic-stricken.
The disturbances did not effect any dam
age.
Are Panic Stricken.
Damage, but the Inhabitants
Disturbances Did Not Effect Any
SHOCKS OF EARTHQUAKE
EXPERIENCED IN SICILY
ward's coronation. It is expected that a
good many steam yachts will arrive at
Kiel after the British naval review in the
Solent. The Emperor fixed for the re
gatta a date later than that on which ho
understood the coronation would occur.
The Kiel racing cannot be further post
poned without limiting hl9 Norwegian trip
and visit to the Czar and yet enable him
to get to Homburg on August 5 in order to
unveil the statue to his mother. The
American yachts entered are Isaac Stern's
Virginia II and Uncle Sam.
dershot early this morning. He prescribed
for the* King, and recommended that the
day be spent in perfect quiet.
Queen Alexandra and the other mem
bers of the royal party attended services
at church, . but ; remalned in the royal
apartments for the rest of tho day.
"It has been learned that the King arose
this afternoon. 1 This is considered a good
reason for .hoping that his indisposition
is only temporary. • . . '„, ' 'V -
'• ENGLISH SOVEREIGN. WHOSE INDISPOSITION IS CAUSING GRAVE
ALARM THROUGHOUT THB EMPIRE, AND TWO NOBLE PERSON
AGES WITH WHOM HE HAS* 'HAD A MISUNDERSTANDING.
The . oil used is from .the Beaumont
fields. Later on the California product
will be tried. Congress has appropriated
$20,000 for the experiments.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— Naval offi
cers are watching, with great interest the
progress of experiments, with oil as fuel
which were begun last 1 week under the
direction of the Bureau of Steam Engin
eering.. On Wednesday the first of the
tests was held, and met' with a degree
of success hardly expected. Rear Ad
miral Melville is of the opinion that a
material advance has been made In ,oil
fuel combustion. The advantages of oil
in comparison with the experiments" with
coal recently concluded are quite ap
parent, while the objections which have
arisen, it Is believed, will .be offset 'by
naval inventive genius. The experiments
already held have determined the value
of oil as fuel. ;. -.*|.^r' .'.
Naval Bureau \ of ; Steam
Engineering.
Success of Experiments '.Made by the
OIL MAY BE THE FUEL
ON UNCLE SAM'S \ SHIPS
-y ONDON, June " 15.— King Ed-
B ward was suffering to-day from
B a chill, which prevented him
S from, attending the church pa
ifrft tatdf rade of the Aldershot garrison.
• The chill came as a result of
the King's prolonged stay out
of doors last night, on the 'occasion of
the torchlight tattoo at Aldershot. The
chill was a slight one, accompanied by
symptoms of lumbago. ¦
The weather last night was extremely
cold, and it rained. at intervals before
the King and Queen left the brigade rec
reation' ground. King Edward returned
to his apartments chilled from the un
wonted exposure. V';' '
These reports of the King's illness have
naturally caused apprehension, but there
Is apparently no reason to expect serious
results. ¦ • '
Sir Francis La king, 'physician in ordi
nary to the King, was. summoned -to" Al-
Doctor Orders Per*
feet Quiet for the
Patient
NEW RAILWAY
TO BE BUILT
TO THE COAST
President Palma can be
obtained at the White House. Senator
Teller, who Is a member of the Senate
committe Investigating Cuban matters,
never heard of the alleged bribe, given to
General Gomez.
"I don't doubt that General Gomez was
paid some money," eaid the Senator to
night, "but I know nothing about the
$25,000. He had just come out of the
army, and had a considerable following,
with which he could have made much
trouble had he wanted to do so.
"I know, and it is. well knovm here.
TST WASHINGTON, June 15.— No
¦H yB -ysta.tem.ent regarding the
¦I/ Hx^ story that General Maximo
mr WT Gomez was paid $25,000 by
* ' ' , • the military government to
. ¦ consent to the election of
EtKdal Dleratch to Th« Call.
PERU, Ind., June 15.— John Haynes, a
aegro. from "Wabash. shot and mortally
wounded Clarence Glllesple, white, an em
ploye in the Peru Steel Casting Works,
here to-day. - Haynes, after the shooting,
made an attempt to escape, but was cap
tured by a crowd of steel workers, who
were with Gillespie. While officers were
fastening to the scene the steel workers
were preparing to lynch the negro and
Haynes* body would have been dangling
from the limb of some nearby tree had
not the officers arrived when they did.
The prisoner was taken to jail in a street
car, followed by scores of people in bug
gies and on bicycles. Threats of lynching
to-night are made by steel workers,
among whom Gillespie was popular.
and Safely Lodged in.
JaiL
tPiiscner Is Taken. Prom His Captors
{ASRIVAL OF POLICE
PREVENTS A LYNCHING
President Palma indignantly denied. that
he had been a party to any scheme to
have General Gomez withdraw from the
campaign in his favor. He also spoke for
General Gomez, who was present when
Senor t Palma was questioned on this mat
ter. The President of Cuba said that to
insinuate that Senor Gomez had been
bought oft by a '-bribe of $25,000 was to
question the honesty and integrity of
Gomez and himself, and that such at
tacks would not pass unanswered.
HAVANA, June 15.— President Palma
and General Gomez were questioned to
day with regard to the story published
in the United States that General Gomez
had received $25,000 from the administra
tion of the United States to withdraw
from the Presidential campaign in Cuba,
and to permit the election of Senor Palma.
' Suppress His Aspirations.
Declares Gomez Was Not Paid to
PALMA ENTERS A DENIAL.
Says Coin Was Used
to Keep Old War*
rior Quiet
Symptoms of Lum^
bago Accompany
Indisposition.
Senator Declares the
Payments Were
Justified.
that money was paid to him because of
his service in the army and for the pur-,
pose of keeping him quiet. He was the
only man in Cuba that tho United States
authorities knew couid make trouble for
them. Ho aided our forces In settling
up matters in the island, and was just
ly entitled to the payments he received."
CUBAN WHO "WAS GIVEN GOLD,
GOVERNOR WHO PAID HIM AND
• SENATOR WHO KNEW OF IT.
Edward's Crowning.
BERLIN, June 15.— The yacht races at
Kiel begin June 2S. the day of King Ed-
Kiel Regatta to Begin on the Day of
CONFLICTS WITH .C0R0NATI0H.
Middleton is nineteen years of age, a
carpenter by trade. He will not -talk to
night of the affair, and Miss Cla-wson has
not sufficiently recovered her composure
to furnish an explanation.
For many years he was a prominent
merchant, but lately had been engaged
in contract work. His wife Is well known
in Baptist Church circles'.
The crowd about the jail was large
enough and rapid enough In hasty judg
ment to have accomplished a lynching,
but when the first intense feellne sub
sided there was no danger of law-break
ing. ....
Yeakey was about forty years old and
leaves a wife and two children.
Information . of . tho tragedy spread
quickly and the streets ¦ were soon
thronged with persons excited over the
sudden and startling nature of tho affair.
On his way to the main part of town
Middleton met Deputy Sheriff F. A. J.
Eckles, to whom he explained that he had
killed Yeakey. and desired to go to the
jail. He was soon afterward placed In a
cell. He maintained a resolute silence as
to the cause of the shooting.
CROWD AT' JAIL.
The shooting was the culmination of a
quarrel between the two men at the home
of Miss Passie Clawson .In West Red
ding. The woman, who is about 25 years
old and has lived here for several years,
was well acquainted with Yeakey and
Middleton. Both had bestowed on her
some attention, and it is conjectured, in
the lack of a definite statement by Miss
Clawson or Middleton as> to the cause,
that a quarrel over this attention
brought about the tragedy. j
BULLET ENDS QUARREL.
Yeakey went to Miss Clawson's ' house
about 10 o'clock to-night and was cordial
ly received by her. '. On entering the par
lor he discovered -that young Middleton
had preceded him in visiting, and he lost ;
no time in exhibiting his displeasure. He
spoke Eevereiy to Middleton, and the
young carpenter resented some of the re
marks made.
. The woman sought to restrain the in- j
creasing belligerence of the two men, but j
was unable' to check the violence of their
tempers or the harshness of their words.
She left the room for 1 a few minutes and
-returned just in time to see Middleton
draw a revolver and fire a bullet at
Yeakey's breast. .
j Yeakey fell to the floor and Middleton
immediately left , the house. Miss Claw
• sfcn, or* *. phy slcla a ¥ but before
he arrlvea Yeakey was dead. A search of
his clothing snowed that he was not
! armed. - ! •¦_/.,. .'., \ \ t , :
.REDDING, June 15.— A tragedy, not en
tirely unexpected by the people here, but
sensational enough in its various features
to have excited the community to an al
most alarming degree, and which caused
apprehension of a lynching, occurred at
half-past 10 o;clock to-night when William
Middlctonv a young carpenter, shot and
killed John II. . Yeakey, a prominent resi
dent of the town.
Special Disuatcli to The Call.
the cars could not be operated in safety
xmder the present condition.
The tracks were obstructed and cars
.-were pelted with stones by the mob, not
enly in the suburbs of this city, but in
-Central Falls. Missiles 6truck many of
the employes, some of whom were injured,
gxd rolling stock was damaged.
• About 3000 persons gathered around one
car- In Central Falls, and their attitude
•was to threatening that a machine gun
was loaded and two companies of marines
«scere ordered to charge the crowd. The
car proceeded, but the line was later
abandoned. The marines then marched
through the city and at another point the
piachine gun was made ready for action
" when it became apparent that an out
i-JTBt was imminent.
Mayor Fales of Central Falls. - not hav
ing requested military protection from the
/Governor, asked that the troops be with
drawn, and this was done after two
liours' service.
No disturbance occurred in this city
or elsewhere during the forenoon and the
troops patrolled even a greater stretch of
territory than before. In preparation for
the resumption of traffic
The disorders extended over so great an
axea that the troops available were un
tble to handle the situation, and It was
said that before the usual car traffic can
be resumed It will be necessary to place
the city of Central Falls and parts of
/Cumberland, Lincoln and North Provi
ifleace under military control. To do this
«.n increase in the number of troops will
be necessary. It was demonstrated that
PAWTUCKET. R. I., June 15.— The pres
ence of TOO armed men sent by Governor
KitnbaJl to restore order had little influ
ence to-day except in the central parts of
this city, where the soldiers formed an in
vincible guard, and this afternoon rioting
broke out anew in the suburbs and spread
to the neighboring city of Central Falls.
The resumption cf the electric service,
which had been abandoned since Thurs
day, was the signal for demonstrations at
tha points where neither soldiers nor po
lice were stationed and the character of
the attacks grew worse until the Traction
Company was forced to abandon the car
service.
Citizens Become Exci
ted Over the
Rioters Attack Now
Union Men on the
Street Cars.
Sudden Shooting Wit
nessed by a
Woman.
King Edward's Indisposition was an
nounced too late to become generally
known in London yesterday, but. consid
ering the near approach of the coronation,
it Is bound to cause extreme anxiety. It
la announced that the King is "run down"
to some extent as a result of hte constant
attention, during the past few weeks, to
numerous stato duties and obligations,
and. in spite of the hope expressed at Al
dershot last night that he would be able
to attend the review of troops to be held
there to-day, it is more than llkelj* that
Sir Franci3 Lakin will forbid hl3 running
any further risks, especially as the wea
ther continues to be cold and rainy. Sir
Francis probably will enjoin the Kins to
rest ,for another day.
LONDON, June 16. — 1 a. m.— Sir Francis
Lakin, - who was in attendance upon his
Majesty last night, found the King to be
much better. The latest expectation is
that Kins Edward will be able to attend
the review to-day.
Reassuring' Bulletin Is Believed to
Be Too Optimistic. •
ILLNESS CAUSES ANXIETY.
Martial Law May Be
Proclaimed in
District.
An authentic statement from Alderahot
this evening Is to the effect that Kins
Edward is slightly indisposed, but that
his indisposition is not of a serious na
ture.
Carpenter of Redding
Kills a Former
Merchant
Marines Drive Back
Central Falls
Strikers.
KING EDWARD SUFFERS
FROM A SLIGHT CHILL
INDUCED BY EXPOSURE
TRAGEDY
FOLLOWS
QUARREL
MACHINE
GUN AWES
THE MOB
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1902.
VOLUME XCH-NO. 16.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TELLER ADMITS
KNOWLEDGE OF
GOMEZ BRIBE
The San Francisco Call.M. S. Nevis, M. J. Lamb.""
Mission No. 87-—T. "J- Bowen. M. Marshall.
Volta No. SS— Q. Baldissone. A. Costa, A.
Orlandi. G. Micheli. G. Sanguinettl, G. Blan
chini. L. P. Costa. L. Pastorino, A. Linaie.
•Livermore No.' 89 — Theodore Gorner. Fred
Mally, George 8, Fitzgerald. M. P. Rose, J.
Olaen. J. P. Olsen. M. J. Moller. -
Cayucos No. 90-^-A. Marioni, P. Cadlolo. E.
Genardinl.
Washington No. .92— C F.Rowell. "W. C.
Hodges. f '
Americus No. 93 — B. Laloli, A. Glnocchio, E.
Lombard!.- :
Frederick Selg No. 04— G. J. Adaml, J. B.
Morelll.
Roma No. 05 — S. Bendettf. G, Plerotto. G.
Cordano, P. Perata, M. E. Gavello, A. Pezzolo.
Giusseppe ¦ Perata. G. Pezzolo, D. Zumlno.
Magnolia No. ©7 — K. Charbonnier.
Concordia. No. aS-^G. AlegretU, J. Gallo, D.
• Battilana, : D. Bertotti.
Far West. No. 99—
Guadaloupe, No. 100-tA. MorgantU G. Fu
masi.' •
Salinas, No. 101— G. P. Codoni. C. D. Dorn,
J. B. Higgins,' Thonras Renison. D. FrolH.
Qttavio, No. 103— F, A. Montecellt. F. Corsi.
Golden Star, No. 104— D. Antonovich. "William
-Antonovich, W. G. Sichel, James Rossi. P. C.
Miloglav, P. J. Molltcrno, F. J. Harrison. -
LEADING OFFICERS OF THE GRAND GROVE OF THE CALIFORNIA
•UNITED ANCIENT ORDER OF DRUIDS. WHICH WILL, CONVENE
IN ANNUAL SESSION AT NAPA TO-MORROW.
"Warning to Investors.
BERLIN, June 15.— The Brazilian Min
ister, Baron Brancho, has issued a warn
ing to German investors against putting
money into the Bolivian syndicate, be
cause, he says, the boundaries, of the
provinces of Acre are uncertain. Brazil
ar.d Peru are claiming the territory and
are still negotiating with Bolivia regard
ing the same.
Steeplechase Rider May Rscover.
.CHICAGO. June 15.— Jockey Brodle, who
was seriously injured In the steeplechase
race on ¦ Friday, was. much better to-day.
He stands a good chance of recovery. His
skull was not fractured, as at first re
ported.
To-morrow is suspension day in . the
House and the Speaker has agreed to rec
ognize a number of members to move the
passage of bills under suspension. What
ever time remains on Monday, together
with Tuesday, has been set aside for con
sideration of the bill to amend the bank
ruptcy act. On Wednesday the general
deficiency appropriation bill will be taken
up, and on Thursday the consideration of
the Philippine government bill will begin.
Under the rule agreed on for the consider
ation of the latter bill, there will be a day
session beginning at 11 a. m. and a night
session beginning at 8 o'clock for general
debate until the following Tuesday, when
the bill *will be open for amendment under
the five-minute rule. The final voto will
be taken on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— The Senate
jvlll meet at 11 o'clock each day during
the present week up to and including
Thursday, in ,order to permit ample op
portunity for discussion of the isthmian
canal bill prior to voting on the bill and
amendments on Thursday. The four days
preceding the vote will be crowded with
speeches on the bill, the announcements
of intended remarks being unusually nu
merous.
Senator Kittredge will speak on Monday
in support of the Nicaragua route, and
will be followed on Tuesday by Senators
Cullom and Stewart, and on Wednesday
by Senator Hanna. During the week Sen
ators Foster of Louisiana and Pettus will
make addresses In favor of the Nicaragua
! route, an4 on Thursday Senator Alorgan.
will close the debate fh' 'the*- interest of
Nicaragua. The supporters- of the Panr.
ama" route express great confidence in the
success of the Spooner bill.
Other measures which may be consider
ed during the week if opportunity permits
are the London dock charges bill and the
pure food bill. A strong effort will be
made to have the Cuban reciprocity bill
in readiness to be made the unfinished
business when the canal bill shall have
been disposed of. It Is expected that the
Cuban committee will be permitted to re
port on Wednesday or Thursday. •
There is general agreement that, but for
the Cuban bill, the adjournment of the
session could be obtained at an early day.
Only the general deficiency bill of the en
tire list of appropriation bills remains to
be acted on In the first stage. . With the
passage of the District of Columbia bill
by the Senate yesterday, • that body dis
posed of the last of the supply bills on its
calendar, and as the House has the de
ficiency bill before it there is comparative-
ly little to do in the way ' of getting the
appropriation bills through.
The naval bill, the army bill, the Dls
trlct«of Columbia bill and the sundry civil
bill are still in conference, but no one be
lieves an agreement on them would be dif
ficult if adjournment could be expedited
thereby. > J. — ; «
Tom- More Days of Oratory and Then
> the Decisive Vote.
DEBATE NEARS THE END.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. June 13.-.
Mrs. Carrie Passmore of . Colorado City
committed suicide early this morning by
taking carbolic acid. She Is supposed to
have been mentally unbalanced at the
time. Her husband, "W. G. Passmore.
was in Eaton, Colo., at the time. He Is a
photographer by trade. She had relatives
near Fort Scott, Kans.
Woman Drinks Carbolic Add.
CALL BUREAU. H06 G STREET, N.
"W., "WASHINGTON, June la.nrSenator
Platt of New York has come forward as
a leader of the Republican side for the
Nicaragua canal bill. Thus he und Sen
ator Hanna are onco more pitted against
each other, this time in one of the great
est contests that has taken place /In the
Senate in recent years. •
Platt's activity in a dozen different
ways haa confused the supporters of the
Panama project, and ho is conndent He
will win the fight. . „ , .,
The vote comes on Thursday. All Indi
cations now are that it will be close, it
Is impossible to make a poll of the Sen
ate that will actually show the result of
the first test vote, which will come up
on the adoption of the Spooner amend
ment to the Hepburn bill. The Hepburn
bill provides for the construction of the
Nicaragua canal. The Spooner amend
ment is to the effect that the Panama
canal shall be built, if it should become
apparent to the President that all of the
rights and: franchises of the Panama
Company can be purchased for $40,000,000.
I* not, the President shall authorize the
construction of the Nicaragua canal.
The difficulty in arriving at the exact
sentiment in the Senate., lies in the fact
that there are at least seven Senators
who will not indicate their preference one
way or the other, and, who have told Sen
ator Platfe and Senator Hanna that they
have not made up their minds how they
will vote. These Senators hold the val
ance of power. The bill that receives the
support of four of the seven doubtful
Senators will have a majority and will
prevail. -"£; %
Special DU»atch to The Call.
Platt of New York Leads Fight for
Nicaragua Against Hanna,
the Champion of the Pan
ama Route.
American machinery exporters should re
member that everyttfcjns printed In,- Russian
must undergo press censorship before It is ad
mitted to the country. American exporters
who desire to circulate In Russia, advertising
matter printed in the Russian language should
address a petition to Count Alexander Moura
vieff. Chief of the Central Committee of For
eign Censorship, describing the character of
the sublication for which admission is desired,
and requesting permission to introduce tha
same into Russia.
As a rul« Russians prefer American good*
and machinery, which command better prices
here than similar goods mado in any other
portion of the world. Germany 13 our most
active trade . competitor In Russia, and her
proximity, and the fact that many of tht»
business men of Russia understand German,
and the credits that are granted by German
firms, give thia country a great advantage.
Nevertheless where American goods are known
they have the preference because of their
superior finish and quality.
Consul Heenan of Odessa says that the sa!a
of agricultural machinery and implements of
American manufacture I was larger in Russia
in lt)01 than during any year on record. Tha
eifect of the increase** tariff on" our machin
ery has not yet been felt, and one American
firm alone did a business which passed tha
$1,000,000 mark. . The city of Odessa haa been
a heavy purchaser of our goods in connection
with the new public hospital now under con
struction. Among: the articles boueht •w«ro
1500 radiators for heating purposes; these
came tinder the Increased tariff on American
manufactures, and tho town authorities ap
pealed to the Minister of Finance to permit tho
radiators to enter at the duty which prevailed
at tha time of purchase, as they, were for a
public Institution intended for the poorer
classes. The request was refused. Agricul
tural machinery of certain kinds — Including
steam threshers— Is admitted free, and our
harvesters, binders, mowers, reaper* and horsa
rakes arc «o favorably known as to defy com
petition.
Consul Halloway, at St. Petersburg,
says:
"WASHINGTON, June 13.— Frederick
Emery, chief of the bureau of foreign
commerce, to-day made public the fol
lov.ing interesting extract from "Com
mercial Relations for 1301," concerning
the trade of the United States with Rus
sia last year:
Have Balance of Power and
Their Preference Is Yet
Problematical.
Doubtful Senators Are
in Control of the
Situation.
Germany Is Our Most Active
Trade Competitor in the
Czar's Realm. .
Effect of the Increased
Tariff on Machinery
13 Not Felt.
SEVEN MEN
HOLD CANAL
BILL'S FATE
RUSSIA PREFERS
AMERICAN GOODS
REDDING. June 15.— R. Harris, engi
neer, of a briquette machine at the Kes
wick smelter, had his left hand crushed
this morning. There was something
wrong with the machine and he. was ex
amining the gearing. His hand was drawn
into. a set of cogs. .
Machine Cogs Crush His Hand.
The great beast held . the . ;inan close
against Its breast in an ' effort" to- crush
Oscar Jennings, agetl 60 years, has a
good claim on Coffee Creek. He lives
upon It in a cabin. Several nights ago
Jennings was preparing to go to bed when
he heard a scratching outside the cabin
door. He thought it was his dog,: but
instinctively, picked up his hunting knife
as he opened the door and stepped out.
The miner stopped abruptly at the thresh
old, for a huge brown bear rose on its
hind feet before him. It was too late to
regain the , cabin, and . the man and the
bear closed at once in a struggle to the
nf > ath. : *tlLtyw?>gft|MH(ili|L'Mar'- ! • - •
REDDING, June 15.— A freighter who
arrived from the. Coffee Creek district in
Trinity County to-day brought' the story
of a terrific encounter between an old
miner and a large bear. The bear nearly
killed the man andMhe latter finally suc
ceeded in reaching the heart of the brute
with his knife. "
¦ : \
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
TACOMA, ¦Wash... June, 15.-Latest ad
vices by steamer from • the Orient state
that! upon, the arrival in Japan, May 27,
of John Barrett, Commissioner-general to
Asia for the St. Louis World's Fair, he
was met and accorded, an impressive wel
come by a large committee of the lead
ing. Japanese manufacturers and mer
chants, representing all the principal
chambers of commerce of the empire.
Barrett stated, after several -conferences
with members of the Imperial cabinet,
that he believed Japan would make an
exhibit at St. Louis which would surpass
all previous efforts. ...••-
Japan Plans a Great Exhibit
Aged Miner in Trinity
County Ha^ Terrific '
Battle.
MAN AND BEAR
FIGHT FOR LIFE
Jennings has the skin of the bear nailed
up on the side of his cabin. He Is very
weak, but his wounds are healing and he
will fully recover from the terrible fight
Though an old man Jennings possesses
great strength and power of endurance.
Fighting and struggling, man and bear
rolled twenty yards down the slope toward
the creek through the small brush. Jen
ninga was torn and bleeding from many
wounds when the bear relaxed a little and
he drove the knife into its heart. The
bear soon died and the miner dragged
himself back to his cabin.
him and Jennings, with his right arm free,
drove his knife again and again at the
bear's heart. The struggle sent them to
the ground and the bear tore off Jennings'
clothes and terribly lacerated his less
with the claws bf its hind feet.
Irish Leaguer Under Arrest
DUBLIN, June 15.— Patrick McHugh
has been arrested on a charge of con
spiracy and intimidation on complaint of
a tenant of a farm from which a member
of the United Irish League had been
evicted. The warrant was Issued by a
special court which assembled at Sligo,
Ireland, June 6, under the Crimea act.
FARIS, June 15.— The police here have
been, notified of the arrest at Spa, Bel
gium, of two of the men who are alleged
•to have recently 6Trindled in Paris a New
Yorker named Buchanan out of $40,000.
The' 6w1ndle was perpetrated by three
Americans who bought for Buchanan a
number of shares in a copper mine, with
offices In New York. The name of the
third American, who has not yet been
arrested, is given as Colonel Conley.
After the purchase of the shares in
question, Buchanan returned to New
York and tried to sell them on Wall
street, where he found them to be worth
less. The Ehares had not been issued by
the mining company whose name they
bore.
AMERICAN SWINDLERS
CAPTURED IN BELGIUM
For more than thirty years your voico and
pen hav« proclaimed that God. who "hath done
all things well." has ordained for no man no
law but the law of life and holiness. During
these ye*r« your constant plea ha* been the
voice of righteousness to this day and gen
eration, entreating for a higher and more gen-
Another Important feature was a tele
gram expressing: gratitude and apprecia
tion to Mrs. Eddy, r which was put In the
form of a .motion and unanimously adopt
ed by the audience rising in their places.
This tclesTam was addressed to her at
Concord, and says:
BOSTON, June 15.— The annual com
munion services of the mother church of
the Christian Science den%ilnation In
Mechanics' Hall to-day were attended by
about 13,000 people, 7000 at the morning
service and 6000 during the afternoon. The
principal feature of the service was a mes
sage from the pastor emeritus, Rev. Mary
Baker Eddy. : - • ...
Appreciation Is Sent to Rev.
Mary Baker Eddy. >.
CHRISTIAN SCIEXmSTS
HOLD SPECIAL SERVICES
Telegram Expressing Gratitude arid
It Is to be hoped that In pushing out, how
ever far the boundaries of knowledge, we shall
never lose sight of our relations to the Supreme
Intelligence. To trace his footsteps, to un
derstand the work of his hand, to discover his
methods in the creation and development of
all things ia the aim of all sincere and honest
seekers after truth. When we find these we
find truth.
It Is the true ideal of the function of a State
.university that it should be placing in every
community in the commonwealth one or more
of its graduates who should through their life
and labors carry to those communities and for
the general welfare something of value that
they have gathered here. It is In this way that
tho university reimburses th* people of the
State for the generous outlay that they make
for her support. Go from here with not the
selfish spirit of the miser gloating over what
you have received from the State as an acqui
sition to be used merely fcr your own personal
profit, but so. rather, with the grrateful spirit
of loyal children of the State, who will gladly
seize every opportunity to make a full return
to her for what she has done for you. Go
forth into life, giving freely unto all ot what
ever Intellectual light you have, especially as
you remember that giving of that kind en
riches rather than impoverishes the giver him
self.
Men have been very busy In devising various
kinds of constitutional and legislative machin
ery to secure wise legislation and just and ef
fective administration. But no improvements
in organization, no contrivances, however in
genious, can insure us a pure democratic gov
ernment unless we have an enlightened public
opinion and a public spirit guiding and sus
taining It in all it« life.
The new century Is opening with an unpre
cedented Impulse to the higher education. The
world has been startled by a series of gifts of
extraordinary magnitude In the old world and
In the new for the endowment of universities,
the assistance of promising students and the
encouragement of Investigation and research.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., June 15.—Presi
dent James B. Angeli of the University
of Michigan to-night delivered the an
nual baccalaureate sermon to the grad
uating class In the university hall. The
hall -was filled with the graduates and
their friends and the undergraduates of
the university. President Angeli said:
of Michigan Delivers a Bacca
laureate Sermon.
President Angeli of the University
DUTY OF GRADUATES
TOWARD THE STATE
El Dorado No. 35 — V. Campinl. J. de Ber
nardi. ' ¦
Merced No. 30— J. Garibaldi. J. C. Ault.
James Carey, L. Nozlglla.
Galileo No. 37 — A. Arnaboldl. G. Iaccheri. G.
Sab in), G. B. Cordano, L. A. Canepa,' G. Fer
rari, J. Icardo. E. C. Luchessa. G. Galll, C. A.
Maglstra, S. Bottaro, A. Olmo, C. Valenti.
Petaluma No. 38 — John Goeller. Charles Dltt
man, Henry Dittman, Joe Breckwaldt.
Olema No. 30 — J. F. Bertrand, D. Vill, Joseph
llartella.
St. Helena No. 41 — A. Fornl, M. R. Garner.
J. G. Johnson, J. C. Corbella, Lui3 Metzner,
John Brocco. , •
Nicaslo No. 42 — G. B. Codoni, Alfonso Gar
zoli.
Vasco da Gama No. 43— M. T. Costa, J. L.
Gomes, A. J. Muniz. F. M. Ramos, F. J.
Cunha.
Mayfield No. 45— F. W. Wiesshaar. F. • W.
Bakus, John Lindstrom.
Santa Rosa No. 47 — O. H. Hoag, L. L. Velrs.
Cypress No. 61 — E. P. Hanson, J. E. Jacob
sen. V. Rledl, G. N. Smith. Eugene Cantell.
Morvin No. 52 — G. H. Buck, George W.
Lovie. • . . -
Mount Tamalpals No t>8 — T. P. Boyd, F. M.
Angellotti, T. J. Fallon. W, J. Boyd, H. Da
lessl, P. Albertl. C. B Shaver
Morton No. 63— C. J. Fallandy, J. Taix, B.
Pujo.
Haywards No. 64 — F. W. Browning, C. B.
Harmon. J. E. Welsh J E. Hoyt.
Guerneville No. -C9— D*. Hetzel, G. W. Hea
eon. - ¦ . ¦
Solano No. 72— S. M. Bassett, M. A. Miller.
Columbus No. 74 — E. G. Zeiro, A. Tomasco,
G. Cappa.
Sonoma No. 73 — A. Baccala, H. Castagnasso,
P. Boccoli. . . y
Garden No. 76—0. Peterson, J. E. Gustafson,
N. E. Wretman. . ' -
William Tell No. 77 — James Acquistapace, D.
S. Kieser. G. Martini, D. Navone, G. E. Cald
well.
Mazzinl Grove No. 78 — D. Antognelll, V.
Grosso, A. Santelll. , ,
- Luis de Camoens No. 81 — J. C. Mello, S. S.
Medina.
Pleasanton No. 82— N. Kalisky. A. W. Ber-
Jjal. M. Pine, Frank Lewis.
Tomales No. S3— C. R. Stone, M. L. Murphy,
Fred Jorgensen. •
Dante No. 84— F. BondiettI, R. Mandorlnl, G.
Forrestl.
Acorian No. 86— S. J. Gularte. T. S. Santos.
\
Mendocino, No. 105— B. Balassl. S. CelerL F
Arrigoni. D. Granzlanl..
Manzanita, No. 106 — J. W. Creagh, W J
do Martini. S. C. Glover, M. H. Hernan R*
C. Kelly, Frank- C. Marlni. Paul Sontap- W.
H. Thornley. H. B. Treadwell, W. D. Wilcox
Aurora, No. 107— M. Bianchi. F\ Del Carlo
S, Del Prete. A. Rosala, A. Ramaclottl.
Alplnl. No. 10S— D. Cereghlno. A. Bafflgo,
J. A. Devoto, L. Figone, D. Locapo, G. Pat
targa, C. Giovanninl, G. B. Linarl.
Verdi Giuseppe, No. 109— V. Angeli. G. Geg
llardo, A. Lencioni, M. Pozzi, A. Isola, P.
Giordano Bruno, No. 110 — B. Gagglnl. G B
FQ.ssati.. " "'
Sacramento, Noi 1 112— B. Crlstonl, A Gag
nacci, "V. Mariani, R. Motroni, A. Siml.
Novato. No. US— C. Medina. M. A. Phlllpp.
Jackson, No. 114— William Tam. P. Giulani,
S. Campanella, E. V, Lonlgo.
Fraternity, No. 115— J. Streb, A. Grantz.
Olive No. 116— A. L. Erwln, W. J. Savage,
G. C. Luce, J. Mossl. o»v«t SC ,
Fortuna No. 117 — S. Pecchlnlno, John Laga
marsino.
Stockton, No. IIS — Charles de Leigh, W. N.
Caprasecca, J. Brennan.
Benlcla No. 120— Edward Gise, W. W. John
son.
Semplone No. 121— A. Ferrari. B. Fenacl.
Michele Albera, Seraflno Plezzl.
Centerville No. 123— J. E. Secada. A. A.
Gomes, J. W. Stevenson.
Lisbon No. 125 — O. S. Duarte, M. P. Valin.»
Sutter Creek No. 120 — A. Corslglta, D. Berta,
L.- Concini.
Newman No. 127 — Jules Cain, C. J. Filllppinl.
Monteverde No. 12S — G. Del Carlo F. Bar
«ottl. P. Arata, G. Fontana, Dr. E. N. Torello,
L. Valsangtacomo.
Gilroy No. 130— J. Bortlenave, H. R. Chesbro.
Vallejo No. 131— J. A. Dodini, V. Castag
netto. • .:
McKinley No. 132— W. H. Bowe, F. Mansen,
E. C. Stock, B. F, McElroy.
Serpa Flnta No. 133 — Joseph E. Perry, J. F.
Pereira.
¦ Liberty No. 134 — J. ,Lial. J. Lawrence.
Watsonville No. 135 — M. S. Machado, C. E.
Peckham.
Angels No.' 130 — F. Gasponovlch.
Grutll No. 137— Peter Ambrosial!, Peter Gen/
ardlni. - * 7
Prince Luis Philip No. MS— J. P. Rosa.
Old Friends No. 130 — Dr. F. F. Lord.
Columbia No. 140 — J. Pierrucinl.
North End No. 141— D Glovanini.
Your ministry haa been to preach Christ's
theology, which promises to destroy all the
works of the devil. Including sickness and
sin. Because 'your consistent daily- life has
been ' for us an example of lofty purpose, of
unfailing love and of humble, chastened obedi
ence to God we desire to thus make known
our profound appreciation and to' manifest to
you our reasonable gratitude and thanksgiving.
ulne morality; for the obliteration of sins; for
the dally life in imitation of Christ; for a
better citizenship, the tranquility of nations
and the reign of Christ on earth.
Grand officers — J. Bt Godeau, noble grand
arch; C. A. Gugllelmoni, deputy grand arch;
James F. Martinoni, grand secretary; F. J.
Horn, grand treasurer; Henry Lange, past
noble grand arch; George Beck, grand marshal;
A. S. Amaral, grand guardian; J. L. Contat,
grand sentinel; J. F. ljugazi, A. M. Armstrong
and Charles de Leigh, trustees.
Delegates: California No. 1 — August Ko
letzke, M. Mayer.
San Francisco No. 8 — C. Berghofer, Charles
Lester.
Eureka No. 4 — 1*. M. Fabry. G. Moenlng.
Norma No. S — C. C. O'Donnell, M. Summer
field. L. Palmer.
Walballa No. 6— M. Zarick, T. A. Zetx,
Henry Meyer, William M. Perry.
Slgel No. 7— G. Plrpperllng, A. Ewald, W.
Franzen.
San Joaquln No. 8 — F. Stoetzer.J. W. Mann.
Perseverance No. 10 — E. L. "Wagner, L. Chas
eagne. P. G. Borel, L. Chrlstln, "V\ Dastrevlgne,
E. A. Joujou. L. Dellarnelle, A. Laborle, B.
Olymple, L. Pauchon.
Hesperian No. 15 — John Gosch. W. S. Beach,
Hy. Menke. A. Green.
Laurel No. 17-^-J. C. Molinarl, J. Hagan, P.
Kucich, J. W. Mollnari. L. A. Wolff, Joe M.
Wolff, Jack Wolff.
Templar No. 19 — A. L. Anderson, A. Ander
son, Harry Mantzer, Sven Danlelson, A. M.
TVallin.
Madrono. No. 21 — James FHJpplnl, D. Ferrari,
SI. Varozza.
San Jose No. 23 — S. Gaspalon, A. M. Glu
blntti.
Oakland No. 24 — Thomas Llnton, A. L. Samp,
sen. Dr. H. B. Mehrmann.
• Duxbury No. 2(1 — N. C. Odin, N. Tommasf. -
Modesto No. 34— M. I. Sorenson, II. Christ,
A. Simon.
The incumbent deputy grand arch, C.
A. Gugllelmonl, is in line of promotion for
noble grand arch and undoubtedly will be
chosen for that office. For the position of
deputy grand arch are named George
Beck of Livermore, at present grand mar
thai; Louis G. Schord of San Francisco,
past supreme arch; William Perry of
Sacramento and C. C. O'Donnell of San
Francisco. For the office of grand secre
tary the incumbent, James F. Martinoni,
past noble grand arch, and at present
herald of the supreme grove, will be a
candidate for election. S. C. Glover has
been named as a possible opponent. Judge
C. F: Caldwell of Napa, W. J. Antonovich
of San Francisco and Charles de Leigh
of Stockton, at present grand trustee,
¦will be candidates for the office of grand
marshal. C. D. Dorn of Salinas and W.
G. de Martini will contest for the honor
of being grand inside guardian. F. J.
Hern, the incumbent grand treasurer, will
be re-elected to that office, but it is said
that he would like to be chosen repre
sentative' to the Supreme Grove and may
be placed in opposition to J. S. Godeau,
the retiring head of the order.
Following! is a list of the present grand
officers and delegates.
p">npaHE next session of the . Grand ¦
I Grove of the United Ancient Order
I of Druids will be held in the city
JX of Napa commencing to-morrow
and continuing during . the week.
Delegates from 97 groves, in addition to
the grand officers, will be present.
At the beginning of the present term,.-.,
Julius S. Godeau, the noble grand arch,
made an appeal to the members of . the
subordinate groves to help him secure
two thousand hew members for the order
during his term. The records show that
the 'members did help him, for in that
time there were 2173 initiations, the great
est number in one year in the history of
the order. The grove making the greatest
gain on the basis of percentage was No
vato, of the town of that name, the per
ctntage being three hundred. The re- .
ports to be presented will show that the
membership is now within a few of 6000,
and that, despite losses by suspension
for non-payment of dues and other
causes, the net gain' was nearly 1700.
Eleven new groves were instituted during
the term. '¦
The report of Grand Secretary .Martin- >:,
oni will show that the order during the.
year paid in sick benefits . nearly $33,000, .:
and about $5000 for funeral expenses. The.
number of deaths was 62.
"Not even the King "of England could
have his ipu (cup)," said Fo-Fo, "for
Tuimanua is higher than all other Kings
and the people of Manua are the supreme
people of the earth."
But those accused were acquitted. The
acquittal proved generally unsatisfactory.
Captain Sebree reports that he discovered
that two chiefs at Tutuila, who asked
permission to visit Manua, wanted to do
so for the purpose of seeking trouble with
Tuimanua,
When Tuimanua learned that the cup
had been called for Mauga, he at once or
dered the arrest of those who had called
It— Saleapaga and Palaita. The trial was
long and excited the greatest interest.
Fo-Fo. the village magistrate, was a wit
ness. He said that Lei (an official of
Mauga) had done wrong, that the penalty
for breaking the custom of calling the cup
was punishable by death and the destruc
tion of the houses and lands of the ac
cused or by exile.
ACCUSED ARE ACQUITTED.
The young men bound to their feet and
rush to Tuimanua's sleeping place. They
run as. the crow flies and destroy every
thing that comes in their way. The cup
brought back, the maid of the vil
lage, a sort of vestal virgin, ties it, to
a cocoanut palm and offers it to the
King. The King, after an elaborate cere
mony, drinks and then— and only then
may tha others drink. The:honor of hav
ing the cup called is seldom granted to
others than a great chief.
The calling of the cup is an interesting
ceremony. When a council is called the
chiefs of the villages gather, each carry
ing a taro root. They sit in a, circle. The
approach of a great chief is heralded by
the sounding of a conch, and he comes
attended by maidens and trumpeters. The
chief seats himself and the maidens gath
er taro roots. Once the kava is prepared
by maidens chewing the roots, the kava
makers take positions beside the kava
bowls and the crier calls for the cup of
the great chief or king.
Saleapaga, one of the village officials,
spoke, saying that Mauga should be al
lowed to have his cup because lie was a
governor, and Palaita, who had .previous
ly offered Mauga his cup, called out,
"Aumai le ipu o le Kovana" (Fetch the
cup of the governor). This was a calling
of the cup, and kava was straightway
served and drunk.
MAUGA GETS HIS CUP.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W. t WASHINGTON. June 15.— Trouble is
brewirig in Samoa. Even now the chiefs
may have led their -warriors with black
ened faces to war on account of a dispute
over etiquette surrouacing the method of
serving kava, the national drink, bnnilar
disputes in years past have led to atroci
ties, and many German soldiers were vic
tims in the 'SO's. v
Tuimanua, who styles himself King of
Manua, has a great following on the isl
ands, and the etiquette in fores at his
court provides that he is the only person
whose cup may be "called" when he is
served with kava. Mauga,, chief and dis
trict governor, dared to command his cup
"called" when kava was served him. Tho
matter was carried into the courts, but
the decision rendered by the district court
was far from satisfactory to the chiefs,
nnd it has been reported to the Xavy De
partment that they are anxious to have
it out with each other on the field of bat
tle.
Captain Uriel Sebree, commandant of
the Tutuila naval 6tation, has submitted
a report on the trouble to the Navy De
partment. Mauga one day visited the vii
lag-e of Ofu, in Manua. A council was
held and kava was served. Mauga re
fused to drink unless his cup were
"called." v
Ertcial Dispatch to The Call.
Xarma's King Resents the "Calling"
of the Cup for.Jffiauga, Which He
Regards as a Usurpation of
His Prerogative.
Breach of Native Etiquette
Arouses Animosities That
Threaten War.
MANILA, June 15.— Friendly natives in
Manila say a report is current among
their countrymen that the five soldiers
of the Fifth Cavalry who were captured
by the insurgents on May 30 have been
boloed to death near Teresa, in Morong
province, Luzon. This report has not
been, confirmed by the American author
ities 'of that district.
¦ .¦ Twenty-five members of a band .of in
surgents who were captured while fight
ing with General Lukban in Samar took
the oath of allegiance to the United
States and were subsequently released.
Four members of the band were killed
in the engagement' which resulted in the
capture of their companions. The twen
ty-five who have sworn allegiance have
fseen General Chaffee, and have promised
to give him all the assistance in their
power in the work of maintaining the
present peace conditions in Samar.
A commission has been sent to Samar
to appoint Senor Llorentes Governor of
the island and to establish civil govern
ment there. It is expected that a gener
al amnesty will be declared on July 1.
The amnesty will result in the release
of the Filipino prisoners now on the isl
and of Guam. .'r'L'K
The prospects in the island of Leyte
for a speedy termination of the armed
resistance are bright. Since the ports
of the island were closed surrenders of
insurgents to the native constabulary
have occurred daily.
OBJECTS TO JUDCrE RHODE.
When the criminal suit brought by.Be
into Legarda, a Filipino member of the
civil commission, against the newspaper
Freedom for having published a libelous
article frcm another newspaper of Ma
nila came up for hearing last week "coun
sel for the editor of Freedom objected to
Judge Rhode, before whom the suit was
to be tried, on the ground that when
Rhode was a private attorney he had ad
dressed opprobrious epithets to the editor
of the paper, and declared that he would
not rest until he had landed him in pris
on. Judge Rhode admitted having made
tthis statement, but said he thought he
•was capable of trying the case fairly.
Henry Ide. the member of the Philip
pine Commission who was assigned to tRe
department of finance and justice, has re
ceived a petition from the printers in the
employ of the Government asking that
their salaries be paid in gold or in some
other established and non-fluctuating cur
rencv. in reply to this petition Ide said
he thousrht that the conditions of which
the printers complained probably would
be relieved- They are now paid in Mexi
can silver.
ANSWERS INSULT TO ARMY.
Speaking at the West Point centennial
dinner, which was held here last week.
acting Civil Governoi* Wright said he did
not think "the strife now being waged in
Congress on the Philippine government
bill is as fierce and as irreconcilable as
It appears to be." He said that the sober
second thought of the American- people
was always right and that they would in
time do justice to the Americans in the
Philippine Islands.
Speaking at the same dinner Colonel
Charles A. Woodruff, head of the subsist
ence department at Manila, eaid:
"The graduates of West Point may be
• 'charity boys,' but in the Mexican war
these boys saved the nation in money
alone more than the military school has
cost since its foundation. The same boys
led 2,000,000 men to victory in the greatest
of modern wars. The 'charity boys" have
all repaid their board and keep a thou
sandfold; they can glory in, the fact that
•wherever 25,000 American troops have
faced an enemy the commander of these
men was a West Point graduate. The es
tablished reputation ot the boys irom
West N Point has become a synonym for
honor, integrity and the highest credit in
the country."
The Chamber of Commerce has present
ed to General Chaffeo a set of resolutions
expressing the regard with which General
Cbaffee and the army in the Philippines
ere held by the business men of Manila.
DATTOS ASK TOR FLAGS.
General Davis, commander of the Amer
ican, forces on the island of Mindanao,
has been informed by Datto Ada that two
of the three Moros who murdered the
American soldier named Lewis were killed
In the engagement at Bazan between
Moros and Americans last May and thjft
the other murderer has disappeared.
An American Bentry of the engineers
. was badly cut with a bolo in the hands
of a Moro while on duty near Vicars.
Several dattos under the Sultan of i Min
danao have called upon Colonel Frank D.
Baldwin of the Twenty-seventh Infantry
and have asked him for American flags.
"Ihis action on the part of the dattos is
considered equivalent to taking the oath
cf allegiance to the United States.
Say Captured Fifth Cav
alrymen Were Boloed
by Insurgenta
Island Tribes Are on
the Verge of an
Outbreak.
Friendly Filipinos Re
port the Killing of
. Americans.
RIVAL CHIEFS
OF SAMOANS
MAY CLASH
NATIVES MURDER
FIVE PRISONERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1902.
Delegates From Ninety=Seven Subordinate Lodges and
Officers Will Be Present at Session.
GRAND GROVE ORDER OF DRUIDS
CONVENES TO-MORROW IN NAPA
2
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HEW ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
8:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sua-
«ay. Sunday. »:45 lu m.. 8:30 p. m. L«av««
VaUejo 1 a, m., 12:30 noon. 8 p. nv. «**g*
Sunday. Sunday. 1 a. m., 4:15 p. ra. r&ra W
cents. Telephona M«ta 1508. Landing *ad
««ee. Bier 5. Mlisloa-strert dock, UATUl
J. ! RUS.
E AY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR (J.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ3,
Steanen GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
' AJ1E11ICAY LINE.
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON-, LONDON.
St. Paul.. June 23, lOamlPhlla ....July 9, 10am
St. Louis. July 2. lOamlSt. Paul. .July 18. lOam
KEL STAR LINE.
NETO- YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kroonlnd.June 23. noonlFtiesland.July 12, noon
Zeeland. -July 5. noonlVaderlnd. July 19. nooa
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION". CO..
3HAS. D.. TAYLOR, G.A.P.C., 30 Mont^om'y tX,
¦ ; ¦ — — ___
COMPAQNIB GSXSRAL3 TRJUJ3ATLAHTIQir3.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS. ¦^ fcs -
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <3?*rOSa
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. SrWKE**
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Ne«
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coait
Agents. 0 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets told by ail Ratload Tick»tAs«Jts.
.Tuesday. July 15. 10 a.m.
J. n speicxels s B2CS.C0., Gensrai Ajts., 329Marftr
Gen'lPasi ciiik, 643 Matat St., Pin Ho. 7. Pacils s:
..." Saturday, June 21. 2 p. in.
ES. SONOMA, tor Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, July 3. 10 a. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti....
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.
oeeaaics.s.€o,jSi
To Valoaraiso. stoDDlns at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailins from How-
ard a. pier 10. 12 in. ...
ARKQUIPA,...June 30[GUATEMALA..Au*. It
TUCAPEL July ISIPALENA. Aug. SO
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger - service.
(No chance at Acapulco or Panama.) Frelgat
and passenger, office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, COTERIE' & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Gia Sad Americana de Vaporas
STEAMERS TVtLL LEAVE WHARF.'COR-
rer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONG. calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received oa board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MABU
Saturday. June 2S. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU Thursday. July 24. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU.
Saturday.' August 16, 19C2
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, comer First.
"W. H. AVERT. General Agent
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, a)
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
S3. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 12, 22. July 2. 12
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. Juno 17, 27. July 7
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. "VV. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Aet.. 1 Money. 3fcF.
O. f?. & N- CO,
Pacific .Coast Steamship Co.
i ¦ . Steamers Ieav* Saa Fran*
Hja^ clsco aa follows:
*35fesi For Ketchikan. Juaeau.
-Sa&EViw 1 *. Skagway, etc., Alaska— 11 a.
, > *£?2SV« ! !t m.. June 15. 20. 25. 30. July
I ?lKVfii£ &• 10 - 15 - Chanse to com-
* R§g^>r??r ' pany's steamers at Seattle.
i TUTO For Victoria. Vancouver.
• ~^**l|fflRfei port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
K * i % coma, Everett. ¦Wbatcom—
II o tti JunV 15 2°. 25 « s0 > July 5 ' 10 * 1S '
M £o a r t E u I re& f^unTboldt * »•
R^ond^). Saf D.eVS and JSaata Barbar*-
6 : ThSrsSr: »•¦».'
For Los Anseles (via San Pedro and Eart
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis ObJsDO). Ventura. Huenem* and 'Newport
(•Corona only). - ¦ - _
Corona. June 10. 27, July 5. 13.
Cooa Bay. » a. m.. June 13, 23. July X. 9.
B< For a Ensena 1 da < '. Masdalena Bay. Saa Joso del
CaboT KazaUan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Roaalla.
Guaymas (Ilex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to chanze steamers or •all-
D^T(TKET OFFICE-^ New Montgomery
Etreet (Palace HoteU-
C T> I5UNANN. Gen. Faswnser Aicent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. G«n. Agents, .
1Q Market «t.. San Francisco.
/T 1 H flT Tk S** 8 - Cb&l r*. Stoves. Etc
I /ft JtfB fr* <;-=*. Kifles, Fishing Tackle
L J Uk 1 1 ¦ H and fiportins Goods. Send
ViJLi.111 (or Ca.talojru«. SHBEVE &
BARBER CO.. 733 Market
tt. tnd 611 Ketrny >t
EYE GLASSES.. 1
Stay on the nose with- ii
cut wounding. or chaf- M
ing the skin. H
RICES MODERATE 8
w 64 2 'Market St. |^
to Honestly Answer This.
Is not the word of a representative cit-
izen of San. Francisco more convlncinsr
than the doubtful utterances of people
living everywhere else in the Union''
Read this:
Mauris Kuttner of tha Eastern Pleat-
ing Co., 131 Post. -street, residence 906
Geary street, the proprietor of the only
establishment of its kind west of Chicago
says: "For twelve yeara attacks of backl
ache were either coming on mysteriouslv
or leaving: just as mysteriously, caus-
ing more suffering than the ordinary man
is entitled to endure When inThis foT-
dition I sent East for remedies, tried
plasters and ordinary makeshifts, but I
never obtained any permanent result t
honestly think after tha use of rtoan'i
Kidney Pills for three. days I felt better
at all events, a continuation of the treat!
ment stopped the" last attach. I have
more than once intended to write thft
manufacturers of Poan's Kidney Plila
and tell them about the benefits I receiv!
£f ,, No «*£ n i ln , Sa £ Fr anclsco at all trou-
bled with backache need be the least
dubious about going to the No Percentage
drug store. 949 Market street, for Doarf a
Kidney Pills. That remedy can be de-
pended upon to do Its work thoroughly "
_For sale by dea i ers . -p^ a
Foster-MIlburn Co., Buffalo. N. Y sola
agents for the United States! , ' e
no R IubsTitute. the nam *- Doan '*-an<l take
San Francisco People Are Requested
A SIMPLE QUESTION.
CRAMS SUPERIOR ATUS,
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases ha* arrived and they
are now ready for distribu-
tion. " All aulMtcrlber* to Tfc*
Call are entitled to a copy of
this great book at the prem.
iuiu rate of 91 GO.' Oat of
lovra subscribers dcslr|na* a
copy of this .splendid prem.
lum .vrlll l>e supplied on re-
ceipt ¦-'.¦•* $1 CO. All mail
orders vrill be shipped by ex*
press* at subscriber's expense,
Newbro's Herpicide does this, and
causes the hair to grow luxuriantly, just
as nature intended it should.
This grerm is really responsible for the
dandruff and for so many bald heads. It
can be cured if it is grone about in- the
rieht way. The right way, of course, and
the only way, la to kill the eerm.
Professor Unna, Hamburg, Germany,
noted authority on skin diseases, explodes
this theory and says that dandruff is a
germ disease.
At one time dandruff was attributed to
be the result of a feverish condition of
the scalp, which threw off the dried cuti-
cle In scales.
Baldness.
The Real Cause of Dandruff andGRADUATES TO RECEIVE
HONORS AT WOODLAND
HOLY ROSARY' ACADEMY.
The earliest known' reference to^tnsan
ity 13 found in -the Egyptian papyrus of
the fifteenth century B.C.
CAPE HENRY, Va., June 15.— The Brit
ish ship Falcon, from Mobile for; Belfast
via Norfolk,' went ashore two miles south
of ¦ the False \ Cape ' life-saving 'station.
'ine accident was due to fog. After Jetti
soning her deckload , the Falcon was as
sisted off the bar by, th« wrecking tuy
Rescue and proceeded to Norfolk.
British, Ship Falcon Goes Ashore.
Strives for. Another, Bicycle Record.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 15.— A. A.Hansen
started at 4 o'clock this morning on his
attempt to establish' a 1000-mile motor bi
cycle record. .The first hundred miles was
made in 4 hours 27 minutes, the second in
4 hours 26 minutes and the third in 6
hours 7- minutes. .The slow time in the
third was due to crowded boulevards; The
1000 miles will -be made In about nfty-flve
hours. Hansen expects to accomplish the
entire, ride without taking. any. sleep. -,
Officers just returned lost the trail of the
robber at Thomas Creek, eighteen I miles
south , of here.- They • have learned that
Martin served a" three ' years' , sentence in
the State prison for robbing a railroad car
at Redding, . and was Vknown there . as
"Red Williams.", ' .- ?.\.-\ •„•;- . i v : -
The robber Is about six feet tall, has a
three weeks' growth- of red beard, and
"weighs probably 195 pounds. He. is about
40 years old. He had lost $25 in . a card
game a few days before. The bucket tak
en by the robber was foun^d in a. field a
mile south of town on .the Corning' road
lo-day.. . - • ,.'..'. -,
Warning the men not to follow, the rob
ber, backed , out of the : rear' door, crossed
an alley and went through the Tremont
barn to Washington street, there mounted
a bicycle and rode away -with the bucket
of coin. In endeavoring tor reach Corning
road he struck a blind street in the lower
end of town and was obliged to retrace
several blocks. . ".: , > ;-:
As he neared the table the newcomer
raised a revolver . and cautioned the five
men not to move. Then he set the bucket'
on the tableland gathered In all the coin
in- sight. The money amounted to 5208,
and no protest was , made by those who
were losing it. :
The Grosdler saloon '.clock was j ringing
off ' the midnight hour when a^ man, . pre
viously known In the saloon as . Martin,
stepped Inside. He came from. a rear en
trance- and carried a bucket. Doc. Bon-:
ham, the bartender, and four other men
were in the place at the time and seated
at a table. , ' '. . . . .'
RED BLUFF, June 15.— A robber, a pis
tol and j a bucket were conspicuous fea
tures in the most daring hold-up that has
occurred riere in many years: It happen
ed last night about 12 o'clock, and several
men have ever since been lamenting the
loss of more than $200.
.....
Special Dispatch to The Call..
Accompanied bj\ his youngi sons, Perry
and Harry, and his j brother-in-law, Wil
liam Turner ,- Dewitt prepared to go on an
excursion in hl3 gasoline launch.- .They
found at the outset that their supply of
fuel was short, and it was decided* to
proceed with the boat across the river to
a point where it was thought more gas
oline could- be procured. They met with
disappointment, however, and started to
recross the river, to the Sacramento shore.-
The gasoline supply gradually dimin
ished until, in midstream, the engine
stopped . altogether, and the boat began
to arift In the direction of a barge moored
near the Sacramento short. Dewitt called
to a' passing boatman to throw him a line
and tow ' him : into, shore, but -before this
cculd be done the boat was drawn close
up to the, barge. • Dewitt and Turner arose
in the launch and attempted to push
away, but the current was - strong, and
carried their, vessel back to the barge. In
their efforts to free themselves from their
perilous • position,, they accidentally, cap
sized the boat, and the launch ' and its
four ; occupants were . drawn underneath
the bar^e. , '-¦¦, "
,; Turner and one of the boys, Harry,
managed to extricate themselves and cry
for help, but Dewitt and' his ; son Perry
remained -beneath the barge with the
launch and were drowned. , Harry Dewitt
had seized the lunch basket when the dan
ger first | appeared, and - this act probably
saved his life, as the. basket enabled him
to keep afloat.' "Lines ;were thrown to him
and Turner, and they, were drawn ashore.
It Is thought that Dewitf, who was an ex
pert ; swimmer, 4 was drowned by attempt
ing to ¦' rescue , hls^son Perry from their
common peril.: - W- •: *
Dewitt was extensively known in North
ern California as . one of the ¦ finest . court
stenographers; in ; the State. . He . leaves , a
wife, the • sister Of ••Winfleld- J. Davis, : a
well-known stenographer. Dewitt was 32
years ' of age and was very popular i - 'At a
late hour to-night the'search for his body
and that of his son was in'progress. " -
SACRAMENTO, June 15.— Frank De
wltt, one of the three official : court sten
ographers of this county, and his seven
year-old son, /Perry, met their death by
drowning in the Sacramento ' River, this
afternoon within a. few feet of the water
front of the city. ' . - v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Daring Crime Committed
in a Saloon at Red
;®- Bluff:
Well-Known Sacramen
tan and a Chttd Are
\ Drowned.
ROBBER TAKES
BUCKET OF COIN
The concentration camps will be con
verted Into supply depots to provide the
returning burghers with the means to re
build and restock their, farms. The wives
and families of the Boers will, if desired/
be maintained at' the expense of the Gov
ernment while the burghers are prepar
ing the farms for their reception. • -
Two thousand of the National Scouts,
who fought upon the British side; during
the war. will Immediately be disbanded
and each scout will be provided ; with a
pony and enabled to return to his farm. J
Neither General Dewet - nor Steyn,
former President of the '. Orange Free
State, was wounded during the war. Gen
eral Dewet has not seen his wife for two
years. • . . ¦
The repatriation committee, which has
been formed to assist the Boers In return-
Ing to their farms, has a gigantic task
before it. / ~
Perhaps It Is hard for you to hear this from
my mouth, but God has decided thus.' I fought
until there was no more hope of upholding our
cause,. and, however it may be, the time has
now come to lay down our arms. As a
Christian, God now demands that. we be faith
ful to our new Government. Let us submit
to his decision.
Dispatches received here from . South
Africa show that the surrenders of Boers
are proceeding with the greatest good
will. The total of those who Have al
ready surrendered number 16,500 and the
British are extending every possible kind
ness to the men who come in. . The ap
pearance of General Dewet at the camp
at Winburg " was the signal for a great
display of enthusiasm. When he arrived
at the camp General Dewet was at once
surrounded by thousands of Boer men,
women and children, who struggled and
clamored to shake the hand of their hero.
General Dewet mounted a table and de
livered an address. He warmly applaud
ed the stanch support that the women had
given the burghers during the war, which,
he said, had creiUly encouraged the men
In the. field. Continuing, he recommended
his hearers to be loyal to the-new Gov
ernment and said: \ . . x
LONDON, June 15.— A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria, Saturday,
June 14, says that 2594 Boers have sur
rendered since Friday, June 13, and* that
everything . is proceeding most satisfac
torily. l;\ .-
General Dewet Urges
Loyalty to the New
Government.
Earthquake Shocks in Oregon.
NEWPORT, Or.. # June 15.— Two sharp
earthquake shocks were felt here last
r.ght. one at 8 p. m., and another at 1
a. m. No damage was done.
BOERS WELCOME
OLD COMMANDER
DUNSMUIR. June 15.— From 10 o'clock
last night until 6 o'clock this evening the
Oregon and California Railroad track,
three-quarters of a mile above Shasta
Springs, remained completely, blocked,
v.hile the Dunsmuir wrecking crew strug
gled at the most obstinate barrier of
wreckage which It had to remove la a long
:iise. In a narrow cut, where both banks
rise to a great height, seven or eight
loaded freight cars were jammed and
wrecked and piled In a solid wall.
The accident occurred to south-bound
freight No. 25 at 10 o'clock last night.
The long train had just come down the
steep grade from Mott. had crossed the
rjver and ran at good speed into the nar
row cut at a curve. In the middle of the
train was a large, heavily loaded freight
car. As this reached the cut' It went over
upon its side and at least seven cars
which followed were wrecked on top of
and against it. The train came to a stand
still. Oddly enough, no tramps were un
der the cars and no one was hurt.. Rail
road men say it was the worst wreck bar
ricade ever seen urion the division. The
wreckers could not lift the debris to one
side, but had to follow the slow method
of taking it, piece at a time, out cf the
cut. The south-bound passenger this
morning was held at Mott and a special
went down from Dunsmuir. The north
bound lay at Dunsmuir ten hours before
It could get through.
a Cut Near Shasta
Springs.
Disaster Occurs to a Heavy Train in
FREIGHT CAHS PILE
IN MASS OF WEECKAGE
Coroner Crowe went to the scene of the
tragedy this afternoon and brought the
body to the morgue. Sheriff Mansfield is
working on. the ' case with the hope of
bringing the murderer to justice.
Briggan had been occupying what Is
known as the Rice ranch, and had Matli
in his employ for the last four months.
Some time yesterday groans.*were heard
by a passer-by, and they sounded as
though some person was in distress. The
Sheriff's o&ce was notified, and an in
vestigation was made. The Briggan
house was examined, and blood stains
were found leading Ircm one room into
another and then to a window. An ef
fort had been cade to wash out the
stains, but without success.
From the window the .officers followed
a trail, maae apparently by the drag-
Sing of some heavy body. This trail led
vhrough the brush to a picket fence,
where a picket had been taken off, and
<iown the mountainside for 250 feet
to the creek bed. Here there was a large
hole about fifteen feet deep, and in the
bottom of it, covered with two feet of
earth, was found the body of Matli.
The bodv had been almost cut to pieces
with a hatchet and the head smashed in
with the blunt edge of the weapon. The
victim had only his night clothes on.
What led to the murder, for murder it
certainly was, has not been learned, as
Bripgan* professes to know nothing about
it. He says he paid the man off yesterday
and he went away. So far as known both
men were quiet and peaceable citizens.
The deceased was well known at a Swiss
saloon in San Francisco irr the neighbor
hood of Twenty-fourth and Mission
streets. . •
REDWOOD CITY. June 15. — A Swiss
named Matli was killed some time yester
day in the mountains south of here, and
Joseph Briggan, a Swiss dairyman, has
been arrested and charged with his mur
der.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Swiss, Who Conducts a Dairy Where
the Tragedy Occurred, Us Ar
rested, but Denies That
He Is Guilty. »•';
Efforts Being Made to Secure Co
operation of Railroad Msn.
CLARKSBURG,^ W. Va., June 15.— An
effort is being made to induce the rail
road men to refuse to . handle coal mined
in' this district. Success In thi3 would
mean a -complete suspension in mining.
There Is some little uneasiness among op
erators. Organizers will leave this field
to-mo'rrow for the West Virginia central
field to induce a strike among the miners
Oi the Davis-Elkins syndicate. Motlrer
Jones and others addressed 300 men to
day at Willov/, Tree schoolhousc. near
Monongahe. The crowd was largely,
j composed of yomen, children and farm- J
i trs.
OPERATORS GROW UNEASY.
DIES IH RIVER
WITH HIS SON
There were two meetings of railroad men
to-day, one at Ashley, and* the other at
Kingston. The Ashley meetins condemn
ed the action of twenty-one Jersey Cen
tral men who had been laid off on account
of slack work in taking, the places of
strikers in the Lehigh and Wilkesbarre
mines, which are owned by the Jersey
Central Company. Representatives of
railroad men from Sunbury, Pa., to Bing
hamton, N. Y., attended the Kingston
meeting. Resolutions were adopted sym
pathizing with the striking miners.
Jasner P. Clark of Toledo, national pres
ident ,of the Teamsters' Association, ar
rived here to-night to look into the local
teamsters' strike. He will have a confer
ence with President Mitchell to-morrow.
There were meetings of strikers
throughout the region to-day, which were
attended by. fire bosses. Some of the la
bor leaders say that nearly half of the
fire bosses still at work promised to • stop
work to-morrow, ¦ but this could not be
confirmed. President Mitchell knew
nothing about the number of men who In
tend to auit. .
MEETING OF STRIKERS. ,
There were no developments here to
day. President Mitchell was in frequent
telegraphic communication with his men
In the West on general organization work.
He had ho information to impart on either
the strike In this region or the West Vir
ginia suspension.
The strike at the Bloomington mines,
near Fhllllpsburjy, Pa., has been settled
afcd the men will return to work to-mor
row. Five hundred men struck there last
Tuesday because four men would not join
the union. The four men have quit work.
President Gftday's mission here was to
get" President Mitchell's permission to con
tinue the strike against the Sonman Shaft
Coal Company, -near Portage, Pa., and
also the financial support of the national
organization. He received both. The
strike at that place was begun on April
16 because the company would not recog
nize the union and sign the wage scale.
About 150 men are involved.
SMALL STRIKE SETTLED.
. By the slovz destruction of mine property. By
that I mean that: if they do not give the men
the hours and. pay they ask for the men will
not consent to go -into the mines and preserve
the operations. The collieries will fill if the
strike is not soon ended, and the mines will be-'
gin to squeeze or, cave in. All the timbermen
are out, and the timber which . holds up the
roofs of' the mines will soon begin to give way.
These squeezes will cost thousands of dollars to
repair and will j probably be the cause of the
abandonment of many ccstly operations. When
the investors' pockets begin to feel It a change
In the attitude of operators will come and the
miners can wait for the change.
Asked as to how the miners expected to
win,. in view of' the' fact that they have
practically reached the limit of their re
sources .in this* region in pressing the
operators and 'the- latter still stand out
firmly, he replied:
*/ Our men will do whatever President Mitchell
says ' They can have our financial support, and
if Mitchell sees fit to ask our men to lay down
their picks they will do It promptly. I do not
believe, however, there will be a general strike
of the soft coal miners because the anthracite
men are going to .win wlthout.it.
| President Gilday said • he had no per
sonal knowledge that the other bituminous
presidents were doing the same * as him
self, but he felt sure they were. Some
soft coal is coming into the anthracite
market from Gentral r Pennsylvania;, West
Virginia, and Virginia, but it is. mostly of
non-union production. ' |
. .When asked, regarding the feeling in his
territory as to j a. general strike to help
the" hard^-eoal miners- Giiday said:
WILL ACT PROMPTLY. . :
WILKESBARRE, Pa., June 15.— Patrick
Gilday, president of the Central Bitumin
ous District of the'Unitedv Mine Workers
of America, who came here: to consult
President : Mitchell on a . matter local to
his district, gave an insight t6-day as to
what the soft coal miners in his territory
are doing .to help their; brother workmen
in the anthracite field. Gilday said there
are 42,000 soft coal miners in his district
and everyone of them is taking a deep
interest in the struggle now going : 6n in
this region. On the second day of the
strike Gilday sent out- instructions to
every check weighman and to every pit
committeeman in his district - to prevent
the shipment of coal to anthracite terri
tory,. and thus far, he said, very, little
coal from his district has taken the place
of anthracite. He said:
There have been only four attempts by union
ized; mines to send -soft- coal to the anthracite
markets. One order was Intended for Mount
Carmel, Pa.; two, for Philadelphia and one for
New York. As soon as our men at the mines
learned the. Intended destination of the coal we
requested the mine-owners not to ¦ send ,it, and
they, complied with the request. - "We are not
Interfering with the normal shipment of soft
coal. -.,.'¦
Dairy Employe Almost Cut
to Pieces and Then
Buried, w/%.
They Are Ready to Lay Down
Their .'Picks -If Help Is
Terrible Grim6 Is Com
mitted in the Hills
Near Redwood. ?.
- ¦ •
WOODLAND, June 15. — The
' commencement exercises - of
the Holy Rosary Academy will
be held In ¦ the Woodland
Opera-house next Wednesday
evening:. The graduates In the academic,
course will be Miss Mary Kinkade of
Woodland and Miss Pauline Barron of
Nevada City.
The programme of literary and musical
exercises is anticipated -with a great deal
of interest. The Rev. J. F, Quinn of Sac
ramento will deliver the annual address.
Soft Coal Miners Keep
Close Watch on the )
1 Struggle.
NEW GRAVE
MAKES CLEAR
THE MURDER
GENERAL STRIKE
NOT NECESSARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, MONDAY, JUKE 16^ 1902.
3
Preparations for an Interesting: Geremony at
Holy Rosary Acaderhy in Woodland.
STUDENTS WILL RECEIVE
HONORS AT GRADUATION
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE UNITED STATES SHIPBUILDING COMPANY
FIRST MORTGAGE, FIVE PER CENT^ SINKING FUND GOLD BONDS, DUE 1932
The entire issue has been underwritten in the United States and Europe
HENRY T.SCOTT, President "of the Union Iron Works. .
LEWIS NIXON, The Crescent Ship Yard.
JOHN S. HYDE, President of the Hyde Windlass Company.
E. W. HYDE, President of the Bath Iron Works, Limited.
CHARLES R. HANSOM, President of the Eastern Shipbuilding Company.
, IRVING M. SCOTT, Vice-President and General Manager of the Union Iron
.Works. . . V^'-v?- ¦'-
CHARLES J. CANDA, President of the Canda Manufacturing Company.
HORACE W. GAUSE, President of the Harlan and Hollingsworth Company,
DANIEL LEROY DRESSER, President of the Trust Company of the Republic.
JOHN J. McCOOK, of Alexander and Green.
TRUSTEE IFOR. BONDS « mercantile Trust Company, 120 Broadway, New York.
TRANSFER AGENTSi Trust Company of the Republic, 71 William St., New York.
BANK.ERS i Trust Company of the Republic, 346 Broadway and \71. William . St.. 'New York
, COUNSEL! Alexander and Green, 120 Broadway, New York.
Preferred Stock, six per cent non-cumulative, 610,000,000
Common Stock, $10,000,000 i
The United States Shipbuilding Company, offices, 71 William St. "*" • - - - - — r - : -
The United States Shipbuilding Company has been organized under the laws of the State of
New Jersey to acquire the plants and equipment of the following concerns or their capital stock^
free from any lien: The Union Iron Works, San Francisco, Cal.;The Bath Iron Works (limited);
The Hyde Windlass Company, Bath, Me.; The Crescent Shipyard; The Samuel L. Moore & Sons
Company; Elizabethport, N. J.; The Eastern Shipbuilding Company, New^London; Conn.; The
, Harlan & Hollingsworth Company, Wilmington, Del.; The Canda Manufacturing Company, Car-
This issue of $9,000,000, series A, first mortgage, 5 per cent sinking fund, gold bonds, due
1932, is part of an authorized issue of $16,000,000, bonds of $1000 each, $5,500,000 having been
withdrawn from the public issue under the vendors' and subscribers' contracts and for providing
cash working capital for the company, and $1,500,000 being reserved in the treasury of the com-
pany. Additional bonds may be issued only for the purpose o^ acquiring additional plants and
equipment and for improvement and betterments, upon such terms and conditions as shall be ap-
J roved by the holders of a majority of the bonds outstanding at the time of such approval.
Messrs. Alexander & Green, counsel for the company, certify as to the validity of the organi-
zation and of the securities issued, and the title of the company to the property acquired. .
Current books of account and contracts for work now in the hands of the corporations
above specified have been examined by W. T. Simpson; F. I. A., New York, and Riddell & Com-
The distinct advantages of one corporation in the operation of a number of shipyards were
stated in the report made on that subject en December 22, 1900, by Naval Constructor F. T.
Bowles (now Rear Admiral and Chief Constructor of the United States Navy), as follows:
First — Each concern builds that for which it is best fitted and equipped, or that which its
character, location and labor can accomplish most economically.
Second— Structural . materials, steel, iron, timber, etc., can be purchased at the lowest rates,
and a prompt supply secured 'at points where it is most needed.
7 Third— The technical knowledge of design, which comes from experience, records and data
of eachi concern will be combined, thus giving confidence to customers that the results contracted-
' for shall be attained.
Fourth— The Healthy professional rivalry of the various yards can be utilized to produce the
best results in design, construction and administration, without the disastrous And narrowing de-
vices of destructive competition.
Fifth— The standardization of the numberless details of ship fittings, auxiliaries and appli-
ances, which are now almost as various and incongruous in design as they are in number, and
their production in quantity by those best qualified, would produce enormous economies. .
, Sixth— It will be possible to effect great economies by the separation of worships and mer-.
chant construction' into , different establishments, thus avoiding the difficulties of organization and
increased cost of radically different types of construction upon adjoining ships. v
Seventh— The better organization and management of the individual concerns would be t
necessary and direct result of this incorporation.
£ These "bonds .are; secured by a first mortgage on the above mentioned plants, appraised as
going concerns, at more than $20,000,000, in addition to which these companies will have a work-
ing capital of more than $5,000,000, and the constitutent companies' have now on hand contracts
Vfor' work amounting to more than $36,000,000, on which the profits are estimated at over $5,-
000,000, or more than sufficient to pay interest on bonds and sinking fund for five years.
These plants are earning $2^25,000 per annum on the contracts now on hand
and have' abundant facilities for additional work and increased earning capacity $2,225,000
Fixed charsres per cent on $16 000,000 • • • '. . ..«,••••• ••• • •••voOO,ooo
LESS ANNUAL DIVIDENDS. '<
V- Six per cent on preferred shares, $10,000,000 . . .'. .:.; »¦.. $600,000
Leaving for dividend on common shares, betterments and repairs, per annum , 625,000 ;
Simultaneous offerings of these bonds will be made in Paris,. New ; York and elsewhere.
THe entire issue of $9,000,000 has been underwritten in the United States and Europe.
Principal and interest are payable in gold coin of the United States of America of the pres- .
'vent standard of weight and fineness. Interest is payable in New York at the office of the Mercan-
tile Trust Company, January .1 and July 1, and the principal may be registered.
• i Application will be made to list these securities on the New York Stock Exchange.
$ ' THE TRTJST COMPANY OF THE REPUBLIC IS AUTHORIZED TO RECEIVE APPLICATIONS FOB
THESE B0NI>S AT 87 .1-2 PER CENT, PAYABLE AS FOLLOWS: 25 PER CENT ON APPLICATION; 25
PER CENT. ON ALLOTMENT; 25 PER dENT JULY 10TH, AND THE BALANCE, 22 1-2 PEE CENT, ON
JULY24TH:.
, subsck-iption books will be opened in paris and new york on the 18th day of
june, 1902, for the entire $9,000,000 of bonds, and be held open until 4 p.m., june 10th.
application /for bonds must be made to the undersigned, with the amount op
the deposit. if no' allotment is made, the deposit will returned in full^ and
.whebe ;the^ number of bonds a1lotedis less tha1t applied for, the amount will be
Vapplied toward the payment due on allotment, and any excess will be returned
TO THE APPLICANT. . EHEb9B9HI
.Allotments will be made as soon as possible after closing the books.
/ Negotiable interim certificates to, bearer will be issued pending the delivery of the definite
bonds. "The Trust Company of the Republic reserves the right to close the subscription at any
l-tiniej andto reject any and all subscriptions. 1 ,
For; any further information apply to Trust Company of the Republic, 346 Broadway and
71 William St., New York, or to American Bank arid Trust Company, San Francisco, CaL
FINANCIAL.
GENUINE
Delivered to consumers in San Francisco,
Oakland and Alameda by all coal dealers.
CiURLES R. ALLEN,
AGENT.
6 vigit DR. JORDAN'S great^
3F ANATOLI
& Q£ lCZlV.L2ZZZZ2.lz'..t±l7'XS.T.Cil. k
,\ ,C ' The I Jijnt Aritom'Cil Museum in the
fi '~ Wond. WeakneKet or any contracted u
V C5E« «s-is* r»mMI»»I rr »r«*«b r thc eldest 7
/ ktfoJ | CR. JQECAN-DIEcASES OF KEN 0
\ F^ifc^B Cenn'jltition free *nd ftririiy^rirste. X
A I ipt^n Treatment p<"r*<»'*"j' nr by l?:tcr. A g
V B flr <Sl fi ffitiwt Cure in ererjr ease undertaken. \
f t> U IlK) w rite for Book. PRILOHOrHVer A'
V ' H II '* M*nRIACE, MAILED FKEZ. (AT
\ Jj H valuable book for urn) V
V DB. JORDAN A CO.. JC51 MnrkPt St.. S. V. V
UADWAY'S REATJV RELIEF has stood
Unrivaled before the public for SO years as a
P&ia Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
rurcs t!l Colds, Sore Throats. Influenza. Uron-
thlils. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
tax Ualaria and all Bswel Pain*. All druggist*.What you pay for txtraeta is Important, but
what you get la tea times mort Important. Bur
nett' ¦ Vanilla costs more because If s worth more.
"He's, what you would call an oxygen
arian, is he?" said the professor, lookinfr
at him with half -shut eyes.— Chicago
Tribune. '
"Over 80."
"There is an acquaintance of mine," re
marked the doctor, "who gives himself
airs because he was given up to die thirty
years ago and has kept himself alive till
now by talcing oxygen."
"How old la he now?" asked the pro
fessor.
"He must have had a remarkable pull "
"Thefs it. You've hit it. He had th*
quickest pull of any feller thet ever came
over th' ridge. . Derned ef he didn't seem
to pull an* shoot at the very same time
Poor ol' Pete."— Cleveland Plain Dealer
"Yes, stranger, over yonder I3 th f very
spot where, Buckskin Pete passed In his
last checks. A gTeat man, stranger.
There wasn't nothing around these dig
giri's thet Pete couldn't have for the ask
ing."
While It is true that there cornea a tide
in the affairs of men, which, etc., there
are so many people every year left
stranded high and dry that some caution
would seem to be needed about picking
out your particular tide.— Syracuse Her
ald. • ¦¦ ¦--',:
"Rivej-s," said Brooks, "you can't eat
your lark and have it, 1 too."— Chicago
Tribune. i h . •".-
"Dash the expense. Brooks!" said Riv
ers, looking over tha bill of fare. "We
are out for a good time. Let's order some
larks."
"Oh, no.. It Isn't extravagant. You see,
I save matches by lighting each fresh
cigar from the stump- of the one. before.*'
-Philadelphia Press. i^yV,
Economy.— "Why do you smoke so con
stantly. It's not only harmful, but ex
travagant."
t'That fellow over there Is the city ed
itor's pet." . . /
"What makes you think so?"
"He gets all the assignments to inter
view Chauncey Depe-nr." — Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
And so very .ill made.
It looked worse than the last he had no.
—Judge.
Was of such a poor grade,
There was a young fellow named Jno,
And every new suit he would dno
"I -rang' for ice!" thundered Colonel
Mintjoo, who was stirring something in
a tumbler.— Chicago Tribune.
"Did you ring for ice water, sir?" asked
the bellboy, putting his head Inside the
dcor.
"I has noticed," said Uucle Eben. "dat
when a man turn up his ' nose an* talks
'bout how much he 'spizes riches he gin
erally ain't got none."— "Washington Star.
He— Are you fond of fiction, darling? -
"Yes, darling; but don't tell me I am
the only girl you have ever loved."— Life.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
The Northern Pacific Railway is the beat,
cheapest 'and 'quickest ,' route. V From , Lewlston
and Stl tea. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either Warrens or* Dixie,- from which points
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For ; rates, ' etc., ' addres* J T. K. STATELE B,
C. A.. 047 Market at. S. F»
PP, Going to Thunder Mountain PP
• Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia Btreet. Telephone Main 1042.: •
Townsend's California glace fruit,. Sue a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 639 Market
Btreet," Palace Hotel building. • ?
Reduction! genuine eyeglasses, specs, 10
to 40c. Note 81 4th, front barber, grocer.*
Prunes stuffed with'' apricots!. Townsend' a.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend's.*
. w. F. George, a leading attorney of
Sacramento, is in the city on legal business
and is registered at the Grand. <
Dr. Clarendon A. Foster, a well known
physician of New York, is registered at
a downtown hotel. .
Dr. L. F. Hirtz, a prominent physician
of Los Angeles, is registered" at the
Grand..
E/C* Vorhels of Butter Creek is staying
at the Palace.
J. S. Briscoe, a business man of Napa,
is visiting the city.
Louis Bonaparte Wyse of Paris is reg
istered at the Palace. |
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. de Wolf of New
York are at the Palace. .
Thomas Clark, a mining superintendent
of Placerville, is at the Grand.
Herman Schuchard and family of San
Antonio, Tex., are visiting the city.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A NUISANCE— A. D., City. If the cel
lar under the premises .occupied by you
are unsanitary, and you have made com
plaint to the Health Office, which has
sent inspectors . to the place who pro
nounced such cellar . unhealthy, and the
Board of Health has not dons anything
in the premises, you have your remedy
at law by engaging the services of a law
yer, who will commence an action against
the owner of the premises, and if you
desire to bring .the Board of Health up
with a round turn for neglect of duty he
v/ill do that. -•.¦¦-•••.¦ ¦¦
SALUTING A LADY-W. J. S.. City. If
you meet, a lady of your acquaintance on
the street you should salute by raising the
hat • with the hand farthest away from
her so she can see the courtesy. It is non
sense to raise the hat after the lady haa
passed you. When you meet a gentleman
of your acquaintance on the street in com
pany of a lady and you do not know the
lady, it is proper that you should salute
the pair by raising the hat.
Clearly there "are seme stalwarts left in the land.
Bryan need not fret about the reorganizers. There
is still a party to give him a .nomination ... for the
Presidency, in 1904, and, as he would never have a
chance of election- anyhow,; it cannot matter much to
him from what kind of a forlorn- hope party the
nomination come&; :; ;
After such a start the enthusiastic Bryanites
adopted a platform which . ratifies, arid affirms the
platform of the national convention in Kansas City,
demands the withdrawal of American troops from the
Philippines and the establishment of the indepen
dence^ the islands under an American protectorate,
advocates the single tax, initiative and referendum,
direct nomination of candidates, election of United
States Senators and Federal Judges by direct vote of
the people, legislation in favor of an eight-hour day
and the governmental ownership of railroads, tele
graphs and 'telephones. One plank in the platform
denounces the whole existing industrial system on the
ground that under it "the few get without working
and the many work without getting." ¦
¦ An interesting feature' of the ¦convention was the
oratory, which was tr ( uly Bryanesque. "One speaker
said "the feorganizers are trying to' get harmony in
the party, but it is ragtime harmony.". He, predicted
that .before they get through the party' will be even
more syncopated than it is v now. Another said "it
would be better to have Bryan and . a currency of
paving-stones than such an office-holding crew as we
have now." A . third said, "I would rather vote • for
Bryan, on ther'rottenest platform ever penned by
man than for David Bennett Hill on the Ten Com
mandments." . ¦ V '\ :
: The convention was attended by but 210 delegates,
but what it lacked in numbers it made up in vim and
vigor. It began by cheering for Bryan and hissing
at the name of David Bennett Hill. We are told, that
cne of the notable incidents of the convention was
the mention of the name of John P. Altgeld by the
Rev. Dr. Livingston in the prayer with which' he
opened the convention. As he mentioned the name
of the ex-Governor the delegates all cheered and
shouted, and the minister had to suspend his prayer
until the commotion subsided. Then he went on and
finished it. ' ' . . ' *. ¦ -'
WHILE the Democrats of the West and the
South who so loudly and strongly shouted
for Bryan in 1896 and 1900 are now holding
conventions without giving him even so much as a
mention, over in New York there has arisen a Dem
ocracy that continues the shout; In the land which
Bryan once described as "the enemies' country" are
now to be found about the only- friends he has. Re
cently they held a convention, nominated a full, State
ticket, took to themselves the title "Liberal Democ
racy," and are now in the field to meet the reorgan
izers in a fight to a finish. - /
SUCCESSION— J. F. D., City."' If f. man
marries a widow with two children, and
real and personal property, and she should
die without having made a will, the prop
erty would go one-third. to the surviving
husband and the remainder to the chil
dren, share and share alike.
The farms of the islands are owned or operated by
six classes of farmers': Whites, Hawaiians, Chinese,
Japanese, South . Sea Islanders and negroes. Only
the first three, classes! are either numerous or im
portant.on account of their holdings. ' The total
value of the farm property of the white ' operators
constitutes 92.1 per cent of the total farm property
of the Territory. ¦ Tjie average area of their farms
is 2328.4 acress in excess'of that of. the farms of the
part Hawaiians, who have the next highest average.
The. Chinese 'Jarmers, 82.3 per cent of whom -are ten
ants, operate fcsi than one : sixteenth as much land "as*
The amount of public lands in the islands is large,
but not all of it is suitable for cultivation. The re
port says of the original "crown lands" there remain
920,583 acres, and of the "government lands" 789,532
acres, making a total of 1,710,115 acres, valued at
$3,480,400, now classed as "public land." According
to the report of the Governor of Hawaii for 1901,
only 1,371,232 acres are now under lease, from which
the Government receives an annual rental of $76,802.
As this area contains many great expanses of moun
tainous and forest lands, unsuitable: for agriculture,
only 62 per cent of it is reported as being included
in the Territory's 2273 farms.
In 1894 the republic of Hawaii took possession of
the crown lands and consolidated them with those
previously known as "government -lands," under the
general designation of "public lands." For the pur
pose of promoting the and cultivation
of these the •Government provides public lands may
be acquired by individuals by homestead lease, 1 right
of purchase lease, cash freehold, special agreement
and cash sales. :
The Territory of Hawaii is composed of tvventy
islands, of which only seven are inhabited. On June
1, 1900, when the census was .taken, the farms num
bered 2273 and were valued at $60,029,956. Of this
amount, $3,545,895, or 5.9 per cent, represents the
value of buildings, and $56,484,061, or 94.1 per cent,
the value of land and improvements other than build
ings. On the same date the value of farm imple
ments and machinery was $11,484,890, and or live
stock, $2,570,142. These values, added to that of
farms, give the "total value of farm property," $74,
084,988, an average agricultural investment per in
habitant of $481.07.
CENSUS Bulletin No. 169 gives the statistics
of agriculture in the Hawaiian Islands, and
they are the more interesting because this
is the first time the /census of the islands has been
taken by the United States. It is noted, however,
that as the Census Bureau was unable to obtain re
ports of expenditures for taxes, insurance, feed of
stock and similar expenses, no estimate of the net
income of farms can be given. Furthermore, the
bureau has .been unable to get detailed statements as
to irrigation, but the importance of it as a factor in
the agricultural development of the islan'ds is plainly
set forth in the report. * , .
THE BRYAN DEMOCRACY.
AGRICULTURE IN HAWAII:
BOUND BY THE CONTRACT— J. P.,
City. If an individual makes a verbal con
tract, either | in the presence of wit
nesses or in writing, he is bound by the
terms of that contract, and if he fails in
that you have your remedy at law. 1 .
The Pelee eruption seems to have roused the ac
tivities of nearly every other volcano in the world,
and they are booming at. a great rate from Alaska
to Nicaragua. .
JURY DUTY— Old Subscriber, City. A
citizen who has served on a jury for six
months in San Francisco Is usually ex
cused for at least six months if he makes
that showing, but he may be summoned
at any time to serve on a special case.
The persistency with which Hanna is being boomed
for the Presidency despite his reiterated assertion that
he is not a candidate ; shows that lampoons and ca
ricatures cannot hurt a man who has any real 'great
ness in his make-up. No man has been more cease
lessly reviled than Hanna, and no statesman now in
public life has a larger following or is more generally
esteemed.
' POSTOFFICE . RETURNS— Subscriber,
Garbervllle, Cal. To ascertain the rev
enue of the large postofflces . of the
United States a letter of inquiry should
be sent to the Postofflce Department at
Washington, D. C.
hardly fail to produce profitable result*.
r 1 ' *- ¦ • .
TWO opposite conditions characterized trade last
week, one favorable and the other adverse. The
former was the fine crop prospect, the latter the
prevailing labor troubles, chiefly the coal strike,
which interfered with several important branches of
business. It reduced the distributive trade over a
wide area, and, by increasing the cost of fuel, de
creased manufacturing all along the Atlantic sea
board. It cut down the production of pigiron and
thereby increased imports of this product from
abroad. In this connection it may be said that our
importations cf iron and steel from Europe have
been steadily increasing for some little time. Though
manufacturers of implements have been free pur
chasers of pigiron for next year's delivery and some
large contracts for structural and bridge material
have been placed of late, there is now a falling off
in the demand for hardware, heretofore one of the
most active articles in the United States, and in tin
plates, sheets and wire. The railway and agricul
tural works, however, are still reported crowded' with
orders, so, in spite of increasing imports of the raw
material from abroad and the halting tendency in
scrne lines, the. iron and steel trade is found to be
still in excellent condition.
The railway earnings continue to make a good
showing, those in May being 8.7 per cent of the same
month last year and 21.7 per cent over 1900. The
country's bank clearings are still falling behind those
of last. year, the decrease last week being 23 per cent,
the heaviest loss being 32 per cent at New York.
The failures during tjie week numbered 165, against
188 during the corresponding week in 1901. The
textiles are quoted steady, chiefly on account of lim
ited stocks of woolen and cotton goods. The in
quiry for raw wool has been very good of late, but
cotton buyers are holding off for the hew crop, and
are more or less indifferent. The hide market is re
ported in better shape than of late, being generally
strong and active, but leather rules rather quiet. The
other staples show no new features worthy of com
ment. ......
Speculation seems to be at a low ebb all over the
country, which in many respects is a good thing.
There is hardly anything doing in grain and pro
visions on the Chicago Board of Trade, while Wall
street has been dull for weeks, witlv no indications
of any revival in the near future.. All .speculative
markets are now sustained -by professionals, as the
public are no longer in the ring.
The above points cover the general condition of.
trade throughout the country. ¦ On this coast con
ditions remain precisely as for several months. Busi
ness here is neither better nor worse than at any
time since the first of the year. Nor are there any.
conditions to produce much variation. We are doing
a fine business right along, both in the city and
country, with excellent crop prospects, plenty of
money, good collections, a steady and very desirable
immigration from £he older States, and thousands of
tourists and homeseekers spending their money from
one end. of the State to the other. We were never
more flourishing, and the State never looked better
nor felt better. Prices for farm products as a rule
bid fair to be rather above the normal this fall, and
as the yield of almost everything will be large we
can hardly miss having a prosperous year. Real
estate continues to sell well, and the planes of price?,
both for city and country property, are distinctly
higher than they were «everal years ago, a good
many more buyers now than then. • V
. Somehow or other attention has recently been
directed to California as an excellent field for the
investment of capital, and in consequence property
titles are undergoing a good many changes all over
the State. New financial blood is coming in freely
and the old is expanding just as freely in the familiar
field. This is very good. There is plenty of room in
California for both new and old energy, and if it
is directed with merely ordinary discretion it can
CURRENT BUSINESS.
An interesting feature in connection vrfth the ancestry of Davis' flock, is the
fa"ct that the propensity to come. in groups seems to be a. family trait. Davis'
mother was a triplet, his grandmother was a twin, and his great grandmother
boasted the record of giving birth to three pairs' of twins. On the mother's side
of the house the record, while not so striking, is a good one, as Mrs. Davis'
father was the parent of four pairs of twins.
The Davises came to California only about three months ago from Lehl, Ar
izona, where the girls were born on June 18, 1901, making them now almost a
year old. They weighed at birth five, five and one-half and six pounds respec
tively, and at teji months they tipped the scales at twenty, twenty and one-half
and twenty-one pounds, their 'increase in -.weight having been exactly uniform.
Diamond, Ruby and Pearl are the names of these mother's jewels, and con
sidered as a cluster or in solitalr^ they are enough to make glad the hearts of
the most ambitious parents. •
SANTA ANA, June 15.— Joseph W. Davis, an Orange County farmer living
near Garden Grove, thinks that Providence has indeed not neglected him.
The cause of Davis' satisfaction is not an abundant crop of beets or a boun
teous yield of alfalfa, but it is that Mrs. Davis, his wife, has given birth
to the prettiest, sweetest, healthiest girl triplets that ever surprised an expectant
father. *
MONDAY JUNE 16, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. \
Icirtit All Commcsictttoni to W. S. LEASE, Emtger.
" TELEPHONE. •
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You "ft Vth. "].
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .MarUet and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slngrle Copies. S Cents.
Term* by Mall. Including Postage t
.DArLT CALL. (Including Sunday), 'one year $«;00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday)., 6 months S.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month C5c
EU1CDAY CALL. One Year .• 1.00
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of May, 1902.
«
Majr 1 C1.74O i May 17. ........ .59,710
May 2 01,270 May 18 . ...7O,9SO
May 3 G1.O2O May 19 59,8-SO
May A 71.C4O ' May SO CO,17O
May B GO.5KO May 21 59,5CO
May <$ .«o.;i6O »**>' 22 ••* <f2 ' 2 ™
May 7 GO,330 May 23'. OO '*} 2 2
May 8 Ol,47O May 24 59,930
May 9 CO.42O May 25 71,OSO
May 1O OO,i:h» May 2O GO,3OO
May 11.... 70,340 May 27 2°'ii2
May 12 Oo'lZO May 2S. «O,O3O
Slay 13. GO.33O May 29 5X££J
May 14 59,920 May 30 GO.9OO
May 15 59,5201 1 Blay 31 00,590
May 10 C0.20O ' -
Total ...... . . . . . . .V. 1,915,880
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. ,„«.„« \ bs
CITY AND COCXTY OF SAX FRANCISCO, i »¦•
On this 12th dav of June, 1902, personally appeared before
me, William T. Hess a Notary Public in and for the city
and county afore said. W. J. Martin, who being: sworn accord
ing to law declares that he Is the Business Manager of the
San Francisco Call a daily newspaper published In the city
and county of San Francisco. State of California, and that
there were printed and distributed during the month of May,
1902, one million nine hundred and firteen thousand eight hun
dred and eighty <1,915,8SO) copies of the eaid newspaper,
¦ which number divided by thirty-one (the number of days of
lsEue) gives an average daily circulation of 61,802 copies.
) SEAL. | » . , V?. J. MARTIN. •
Subscribed and eworn to before me this 12th dayof June,
Notary Public In and for the City and County of San Fran
cisco, State of California, room 1015 Claus Spreckela Bldg.
Their admission will bring the whole of the great
West into the Union. , Territorial government here
after will be confined to our far-off possessions in
the islands and in Alaska. The West, like the East,
will enjoy the full measure of statehood. There is
nothing in the question of admitting the new States,
however, \that is at all sectional. There will be an
increased representation of the West in Congress,
but the new members will have no local interest '.to
maintain in opposition to the general good. The
promise' of admission next winter, may therefore be
hailed with gratification throughout the country.
The right of full self government will benefit the new
States, and in their advancement and development
the whole country will be benefited. * •
The justice of the claims of Arizona, New Mexico
and Oklahoma to statehood cannot be disputed.
Each of them has ample population and wealth to
support the responsibilities of State government, and,
moreover, each has an abundance of resources that
guarantees future growth and development.
It would have been gratifying to have had the new
States admitted at this session so that their symbolic
stars might have been displayed upon the national
banner on the coming Fourth of July. However, the
time of waiting will not be long. In the history of
a State a year does not count for much, and it seems
reasonable to conclude that when the bill is taken
up next session, it will be promptly passed.
-• While the postponement is"a matWr for regret it
seems to be the. inevitable. result. of the wrangle hi
the Senate over the isthmian canal bill and the Cuban
reciprocity bill., The hot season has already begun
at Washington, a political campaign is approaching
and members of Congress are eager to get away to
their homes or to the summer resorts. It is doubt
less to those causes the postponement is due.
BY a party vote the Senate. Committee on Ter
ritories has decided to postpone reporting the
omnibus statehood bill until the*~next. session.
The decision of the committee is- that at the next
session the bill shall be taken up early so as' to obtain
for it right of way and ; a fair chance of enactment
before the session closes.
THE STATEHOOD BILL.
It turns out that while Bryan has been invited to
attend the Tilden Club banquet at New York to
meet Cleveland and Hill, he has riot been invited to
speak. Under such circumstances ' Mr. Bryan may
be. expected to stay at home and dine where he can
talk if he pleases.
The armor manufacturers are showing »
commendable activity and already two
lots of armor Intended for the six arm
01 ed cruisers have been tested and ac
cepted. Hithertoo the .nondelivery of
ships within contract time has be«n chief
ly due to the dilatoriness of the Carnegte
and Bethlehem works to supply the armor,
but the conditions have changed and none
of the ships building are ready for the
armor. Each of the six armored cruisers
require 1908 tons of armor; the five battle
ships require 3332 tons and three smaller
armored cruisers 743 tons. The contracts
for a total of 37,690 tons were awarded
November 28, 1900, at prices reduced from
$545 to $490 per ton for the heavier kind
and at $400 for the lighter armor. Tho
tests Indicate that American armor la
superior to that of foreign make, and tha
price pajd is considerably lower than tha
French and German products, .
Senator Hale has Introduced a bill for
the relief of Omenzo G. Dodge, a profes
sor of mathematics in the Naval Acad
emy. It provides for the transfer of Mr.
Dodge from the corps of professors in the
navy to the corps of civil engineers with
the same rank and pay he now receives to
take rank in the civil engineer corps next
after Civil Engineer U. S. G. White. Tha
object of this "relief bill in placing Mr.
Dodge third on the list of civil engineers,
with the rank of commander, is to maka
him eligible for selection as Chief of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks to succeed
Rear Admiral Endlcott, who retires No
vember 26, 1306. The corps consists- of
twenty civil engineers at the present time,
receiving salaries and longevity pay rang
ing from $3740 to $2700 per annum, and Mr.
Dodge would be entitled to the salary of
$3740 instead of $3500, which he
now receives. Professor O. G.
Dodge entered the Naval Academy June
6, 1S73, graduated June IS. 1379, and became
a lieutenant June 19. 1S92. One week later
he resigned . and was appointed professor
of mathematics at a salary of $3500. ah in
crease of $1300 on his former pay, and get
ting rid of disagreeable sea service. The
pecuniary advantage thus obtained by Mr.
Dodge Is indicated by the fact that "Will-,
lam, P. Full am, who also graduated in
1S79 and has remained in the line corps, la
only a lieutenant commander at a salary
of $2975 on shore duty. The civil engineers
naturally object to this favoritism, which
is calculated to demoralize not alone that
particular corps but all grades In the
navy, and Senator Hale's bill for the re
lief of Professor Dodge is meeting with a
vigorous opposition. - *
The development of the German navy.
since 1S66 has been # steady and gradual.
In 1866 the Prussian fleet consisted of fiva
armored ships and eight frigates and cor
vettes which were turned over to the em
pire. By 1910 the navy will consist ot
thirty-eight battleships, fourteen armored
cruisers and thirty-eight cruisers, involv
ing a total cost of $365,000,000 for ships and
$66,000,000 for dockyards. In 1872 the navy
expenditures were $7,770,530, and in 1900 tho
appropriations reached. $40,553,953. •'-
The Vulcan Shipbuilding Company of
Shettln Intends to establish a shipbuild
ing plant on the Elbe between Hamburg
and Cuxhafen for the construction of
large mercantile and naval vessels This
firm, the most important in Germany,
built the Deutschland, Kronprinz Wilhelm
and Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse besides a
majority of the armored ships of the Ger
man navy. Its location at Shettin on the
Baltic Is not so favorable for buildins
large ships as a yard located near Cux
hafen will be, notwithstanding: the tet
ter's proximity to the open sea, as the
German fleet has grown to such an ex
tent as to be able to protect the Elbe from
the attack of foreign fleets.
At the Dusseldorf exhibition, shortly to
be opened, Krupp will have a very elab
orate and costly display of the products
of his great establishment. Among the
most interesting objects 13 a boiler plate
eighty-eight feet in length, twelve feet
wide and one and one-half Inches thick,
weighing 29% tons. Another is a nickel
armor plate 43 feet 1% inches long, 11 feet
2 inches wide, 9 4-5 Inches thick, weighins
130 tons. The latter In Its first stage was
a block 14 feet 3 inches In length, 12 feet
5 Inches wideband 3 feet 4 Inches thick, ¦
which, after being thoroughly heated waa
passed through a pair of rollers manipu
lated by -engines 0/ 3700 horsepower,
squeezed down and elongated this block of
steel to its finished dimensions. At the
"World's Fair, 1S93, at Chicago. Krupp ex
h.'bited armor plate 27 feet 1% inches In
length, 10 feet wide, 12 Inches thick,
weighing 62.4 tons.
Austria-Hungary has a little bit of sea
coast on the Adriatic extending from Tri-'
este in Austria to Fiume in Hungary, a
distance of about eighty miles. On this
limited sea-coast three naval establish
ments are located, namely, at Trieste,
Flume and Pola. The navy as regards ma
terial and personnel is fully up to modem
requirements, the ships being as efficient
as similar .types in other navies and quite
as attractive as the Elswlck built ships
for the South American navies. The Aus
trian navy is. chiefly for coast defense and
consists of fourteen battleships, of which
three are under construction, two armor
ed cruisers, four monitors, sixteen cruis
ers, forty-two torpedo boats and seven
miscellaneous craft. Austrian ships oi
¦war are rarely seen outside of European
waters and considering the very short sea
coast it is better protected by floating de
fenses than any other in the world.
The Japan Gazette tells of a very grace
ful act by Rear Admiral Frederick Rod
gers which fcnnot fail to make that offi
cer and the United States navy popular
in Japan. He recently invited and enter
tained on board his flagship New York a.
Japanese fisherman, Hirai Sukekichi, who
served Commodore Perry as boatman in
1854, when the American squadron arrived
at Uraga. Hirai is 90 years of age and
was accompanied by his 60-year-old son,
a grandson of 41 and his great-grandson
of 18 years. After the entertainment Ad
miral Rodgers had the whole party photo
graphed standing about the recently
erected monument to Commodore Perry.
The battleship Mikasa arrived at Yok3
suka May 25 after a voyage of sixty
seven days from England. ' She was built
at' Barrow by Vickers, Sons & Maxim
at a cost complete with armament of $7,
130,000 and was delivered to the Japaneso
Government in the short time of threa
years. Her keel was laid January 15, 1S90,
the launch took place November 8, 1900,
and the trial one year later. She Is the
last of the battleships ordered under the
programme of 1895, which provided for
117 vessels, including thirteen armored
ships.' The Mikasa is an improvement on
the Asaki and Hatsuse. The vessel is of
15,200 tons, 15,000 horsepower and eighteen
knots speed, with a coal capacity of 14C0
tons, sufficient for a steaming distance of
9000 miles at ten knots. She is considered
by high naval experts to embody all the
requirements of the most perfect typeof
a battleship. , ---". ~^fl
A coal contractor has got himself into
trouble with the naval authorities at Yo
kosuka through fraud in delivery of coal.
He was awarded a contract for 1000 tons
of Cardiff coal at $11 55 per ton, notwith
standing the quotations at Yokohama
were S12 to $12 50, to which the cost of
freight to Yokosuka should be added. To
make up for the apparent loss, the con
tractor bought 350 tons of cheap Japanese
coal at $4 25 per ton and concealed it un
der 650 'tons of genuine Cardiff coal. Tho
yard authorities duly inspected and ac
cepted the lot, and now there is likely to
be trouble for the negligent officers.
The sober-minded part of the community looks to
sober discussion, being aware that public service cor
porations can be compelled to right courses by law,
and that the politicians who let them do as they
please will be the same politicians who will control
public utilities under public ownership and adminis
tration.
In the other view of the matter public service cor
porations will see their own responsibility for this is
sue of public ownership. The final result depends
largely upon their own methods and conduct. The
leaders in this socialistic movement propose to take
advantage of everything that will recruit their fol
lowing, and nothing pleases them better than the un
popularity of a public service corporation.
But the object lesson is lost upon the people be
cause of their prejudice against the street railroads..
So in that city the people are suffering from typhoid
fever on account' of the inefficient public administra
tion of the water supply, and are, at the same time,
crying out for taking over the street railroads. If
this were done it is entirely probable that'administra
tion of the street railways would be characterized by
the same waste, corruption and incompetence that
have marred the water administration, but of that the
people do not stop to think. They are prejudiced
against the street railway management and want re
venge. It goes without saying that a public policy
which may work a sinister change in government it
self is of too great importance to be entered upon for
revenge. .
It is above all things advisable that the discussion
be without prejudice. -Mayor Phelan seems to have
left behind him the material for much personal preju
dice, and the advocates of public ownership can
hardly discuss the matter without ventilating him or
the Board of Works, ory some of the newspapers.
Without joining in the attack or defense, we have to
advise the reformers that their opinion of Mr. Phelan
and the Board of Works and the newspapers is not
at all interesting to the people who want to know all
about the theory and 'practice of public ownership.
An issue of such supreme importance should be dis
cussed and determined without prejudice. Yet there
is none now in focus that seems to depend as much
upon prejudice for its motive power, for this the
public service corporations are largely responsible.
Where such corporations give a good service, are on
friendly terms with the public and are content with
a proper profit on a proper capitalization, there will
be found but little sentiment in favor of public.own
ership. The ownership of the water sup'ply of the
city of Chicago furnishes a rather revolting chapter
in the history of municipal ownership. Waste and
corruption in administration have gone hand in hand
with a nasty and unwholesome supply.
NO otlier question seems to be as generally in
issue and as widely discussed as public owner
ship and government administration of what
are called public utilities, such as water and light
supply, common carriers and like forms of busi
ness. So far/ the opponents of public ownership
seem to have a little the. better of the argument on
the case presented by citation of the facts. Wherever
keen and expert investigation have been made it seems
to be demonstrated that the cost to the people under
public ownership and administration is greater than
under corporate ownership. •- j
As an organization to promote public ownership
has been formed in this city, we may expect the prop- 7
aganda to proceed on definite lines and that the pub
lic will be fully informed in )all the phases of the
matter.
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
FAIR TRIPLETS LEND
CHARM TO THE FARM
JAPAN'S NEW
BATTLESHIP IS
BEST AFLOAT
A curious illustration of the difference in the meth
ods of the farming of the different races in the islands
is shown in. the statement that the Chinese farmers
expend for labor $21.45 per acre, the' whites expend
$3.49 per acre and the Hawaiians $0.11.
As is well known, the sugar industry is the largest
in the islands. The 170 plantations engaged in sugar
growing contain 1,043,117 acres of land, or 40 per cent
of all the farm land. The estimate of the total cost
of raising a ton of cane and converting it into sugar
is $5.46, while the average value of the sugar pro-'
duced from that amount of cane is $8.60, leaving a
margin of $3.14 per .ton to cover interest on invest
ment, maintenance of equipment and buildings, etc.
the . Hawaiians, who rank second in the matter of
total farm area, but the total value of their holdings,
$2,945,905, exceeds that of the Hawaiians by $1,048,
900. This total, however, is considerably in excess
of the actual wealth of the Chinese farmers of Hawaii,
as the value of the 'farm property of the 83 Chinese;
owners is but $212,620. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO ( CALL, Vm o ™^ y > JUNE 16, 1902.
4
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
A ear-load of Cook Hooka
has jnmt 'arrived from Chicago
and they are ready for dlstrl.
' butlon at the business offleo
of this paper. All Call sub*
scrlbers are entitled to a copy
of tills creat Cook Book at
the premium price of fifty
- cents. . . ¦
'An additional charcre of 2O
c el »* B to, pay expresaaee will
be required front oat of tovrn *
subscribers ordering by mall.
Call subscribers contemplating: a chancre of
Mildeiiee daring: the summer months can haw
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying; The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
all to-vms on the coast.
10 SDBSCRIEERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOB THE SUMMER.Movements of Steamers.
James McCaffery. an elderly man. residing
at 724 Mason street, fell Into a basement on
Sacramento street, at the corner of Leldesdorff,
yesterday afternoon and sustained a se
vere scalp wound.' He was treated at tha
Harbor Emergency- Hospital, where two
stitches were taken in the back of his head.
Injured by Pall Into Basement.
The American brig W. G. Irwln, of 3822 tons,
¦with a shipment of lime, arrived In port yes
terday, having made the fast time of four and
a half days from Roche Harbor. The 6chooner
Albion also made a fast trip, getting into port
yesterday fifty-nine hours out from Coquille
PJver.
Past Time of Brig and a Schooner.
The drill was in every way a fine one and
well executed, the unlimbering and limbering
up of the guns being accomplished in record
time. The men also had a special drill for
the Fourth of July celebrations, and on Tues
day next there will be the annual muster and
Inspection on the Marion. Later yesterday
the crews went out In tha captain's gig and
the first, second and third cutters for a boat
drill on the bay. On Sunday next the bat
tery will go to Ingleside for a drill.
The Naval Reserve crews of the Marlon had
an artillery drill yesterday on the dock with
Hotchkiss one-pounders before the biograph.
Naval Reserve Drills Before Biograph
The City of Peking leaves to-day for Hono
lulu and the Orient. 'She will carry a general
cargo and about thirty cabin passengers. Cap
tain J. Tremaine Smith will once more com
mand her and will be accompanied by his
daughter. The captain had Intended going
East to take command of the new Pacific Hall
steamship Siberia, but she is not ready yet,
so on his return fromUhis trip on the Peking
he will probably make the trip East and for
mally take command of the Siberia. •
City of Peking Sails To-Day.
The transport Meade leaves .to-day at
noon for Manila . by way of Nagasaki.
Tills will be the first time\that this route
has been taken. She will carry flfty cas
uals and recruits, eleven signal corps men
and twenty-two hospital corps men, and
about flfty saloon passengers. The Meade
will carry a greater cargo of army sup
plies than she has ever taken before.
Brig and a Schooner Make
Fast Time From Ports
Up the Coast -
Transport Will Sail for
Manila To-Day Via
Nagasaki. *
MEADE READY
TO GET AWAY
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton did many odd
things during her recent visit, but her de
fense of My Lady Nicotine, despite the
protests of a clergyman, outdid them. all.
Mrs. Atherton had dined with a number
of other guests at the residence of a
friend. Now, Mrs. Atherton likes to
smoke and she doesn't care who knows it
There was a polite sensation, consequent-
THE arrival of a recent bride, Mrs.
Sidney C. Partridge, formerly
Miss Agnes Simpson of this city.,
now the wife of Bishop Partridge
of Kioto, Japan, is causing a
flutter of interest in society. This is so
ciety's first glimpse of Mrs. Partridge
since December 3, when, as the dearest
of brides, in the prettiest of going-away
g&wns, she sailed for Japan to find a new
home in' a strange land. She comes back
more charming than ever, a picture of
health and thoroughly contented with her
life across the sea. The Bishop takes his
young wife with him while traveling
about his diocese, and she Is unquestion
ably a great assistance to him in his
good work. Mrs. Partridge Is accom
panied by her young stepdaughter, Helen,
and after a month's visit in this city both
will return to the Orient.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent,
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Son, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY, JUNE 16.
Sun rises 4:47
Eun sets .' 7:33
Moon sets i;4o a , m .
The regular monthly, entertainment and
dance of the Columbia Minstrels will be
given ¦' next ' Friday , evening at - Odd . Fel
lows' Hall, v An entirely new. and novel
entertainment will be presented," entitled
"The Columbias . at Home."
Columbia Minstrels.
"Piddle Dee Dee"— lt^ has become rather
a chestnut to say— is still holding down
the boards at Fischer's Theater. , The size
of . the audiences suggests ¦ that there Is
however, nothing of , the chestnut about
the entertainment that ten weeks' run has
not yet stated. "Pousse' Cafe" : will follow
in the dim and distant -future.
Fischer's Theater.
"The Toy Maker," ever popular, will re
main the bill at the Tivoll this week. The
part .- of the mechanical doll is Annie
Myers' strong suit and the lively soubrette
is never seen to more" advantage. Ferris
Hartman makes all there is' to make out
of- the very congenial role of the old tov
taaker, and In propria persona is becom
ing very popular with the I children, to
whom, every Saturday afternoon, he dis
tributes toys. Frances Graham * and Ar
thur Cunningham 1 take splendid care of
the musical side of the show and" Edward
Webb's Increasing popularity is added to
by his work therein. Harry Cashman and
Joseph . Fogarty. are also valuable in the
large cast . • . . . "
large cast. "The Idol's Bye" will be nut
oh at , the Tivoll on Monday evening th«
23d inst. , °' °
At the TivolL
Peter Hughes, a mechanic of v Oaklan<3,
while under the Influence of liquor went
Into the Tremont House, 626 Kearny
street, this city, about 10 o'clock yester
day morning and a few minutes later the
patrol wagon was summoned from the
Central Police Station to go to the house.'
Policeman HIckey, who went with the
wagon, found Hughes lying at the foot of
the stairs with an ugly wound in his scalp
He said some one had thrown him down
stairs. He thought it was a woman.- He
was taken to the Harbor Hospital, where
five stitches were taken in the 'wound
Hughes was booked for drunkenness so
that he' could^swear to a warrant this
morning when sober. Occupants of the
Tremont House say that Hughes fell
downstairs. , :
Is Thrown or Falls Down Stairs.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 15— Stmr
Koenlgen Loulz, from Bremen, for New York.
ST JOHNS. N F— Arrived June 14— Stmr
Corean, from Glasgow and Liverpool, for Hali
fax, N S, and Philadelphia.
LONDON — Sailed June 15 — Stmr Menominee,
from New York, j .
NAPLES^ — Sailed June , 14 — Stmr Cambro
man, from Genoa, for Boston.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed June 15— Stmr Aller,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 15— Stmr Um
brla, from Liverpool, for New York. .
NEW TORK — Arrived June IB — Stmr Cym
ric, from Liverpool . and Queenstown; stmr
Noordam, from Rotterdam and Boulog-ne-sur-
Mer; stmr Astoria, from Glasgow and Moville
LIZARD — Passed June .15— Stmr Minnehaha
from N«w York, for London.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
stmr Eureka," 1 for San' .Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 15 — Bktn North
west, from Olympia; Btmr Prentiss, from Fort
Bragg; stmr Ruth, hence June 13; Btmr Alca
traz, from Greenwood.
Colonel A. C. Girard's recent promotion
to full colonelcy in the army and appoint
ment to the chief offlce of assistant
surgeon general at Washington has one
drawback. We are all glad of his success,
but it means the loss of Mrs. Girar'd
almost before society has come to know
her. Colonel Girard has been stationed
here three years, and during two of thooe
social seasons his wife has been traveling
in the Orient. During the winter
just passed she was a sufferer
in hospitals and . is no sooner well
again than she prepares to speed
to Washington. Mrs. , Girard has
many strong friends In . the city who
pronounce her a charming entertainer
and an exceptionally clever woman with
many accomplishments. ' Nature was
lavish with her gifts, and. the fine- arts
are well represented In Mrs. Girard's pro
clivities. She sketches, paints, sings,
plays and writes well. Her sketch' of
"The Old Veteran" attracted much favor
able comment from artists when it ap
peared two years ago and has been fre
quently reproduced. All this besides.rais
ing a family of four children and keeping
a home. Her son Is well-known as one of
Roosevelt's gallant rough riders. The
three daughters, Mrs. I. C. Jenks, Mrs.
Roes I* Bush and Mrs. Arthur R. Ker
win. are the wives of army officers and
live in this vicinity. ! SALLY SHARP.
ly, when the noted guest signified her In
tention of lighting a cigarette with the
gentlemen. • People immediately divided
themselves into two classes— those • who
approved of her act and those who did
not. A few of both classes, however,
summoned that species of valor some
times called discretion and .said, nothing.
Others hastily generated a liberal supply
of prejudices and protested vigorously.
A prominent clergyman of this city was
among the last named. Among those who
acquiesced with Mrs. Atherton's views
were two young men, who entered into
a heated discussion with the divine as
to whether or not women should smoke,
vainly endeavoring to convince him that
it was the correct .thing: to do. The
clergyman soon, decided, for reasons best
known to himself, that he must go home
and, with adieux, departed, leaving Mrs.
Atherton to smoke without' further inter
ruption.
WIFE OF BISHOP OF KYOTO, WHO
IS VISITING' HER PARENTS. IN
THIS CITT.
"My Aunt Bridget" is the racy title of
a not less racy play that is to be the
Central's bill for the week. .Aunt Bridget
is an elderly and comfortably off Irish
dame with a spendthrift American nephew.
She. comes to New York, where her
nephew :has cast her as an amateur Prov
idence in his scheme of things. : She con
sents to ¦¦ take the role ' until • her nephew
begins to ' presume too much on her good
nature ' when she turns the • tables ; upon
him in. a way that ; is ~ neatness itself.
There are to be a number of good special
ties and the piece will doubtless prove an
excellent drawing • card.
"Zaza" has proved a- huge success at
the Alcazar Theater this week. Not for a
long season has the house had a produc
tion of such all-round merit. Miss Rob
erts in. the title role shows an advance
over her former work that places her ver,y
high- Indeed in the ranks of emotional
actresses and her work In the part has
attracted Eastern attention to her possi
bilities. White Whittlesey supports Miss
Roberts !with efficiency, and throughout
the cast is unusually effective. The set
tings leave nothing to be desired. Though
not food for babes, "Zaza" nevertheless
is a play with. a' moral that he who runs
may read. Its tendency is to righteous
ness, though its ways lie not therein, n
is realism of a. broad, though perfectly
possible sort, and can be seen with ad
vantage by both thoughtful and thpught
lessi All kinds of people have seemingly
made up their minds as to the necessity
for seeing it," as the seats are practically
sold out for the coming week. An extra
matinee to meet the demand will be given
on Thursday afternoon.
Another notable attraction of the
week is the "Romeo and Juliet" at the
Grand Opera-house that will initiate the
co-engagement of Edward Morgan and
Maude Fealy , at the I Mission-street
house. There . are all sorts of interest
attaching to the performance. Mrt Mor
gan, one of the powerful and popular ac
tors coming here, appears for tfie
first tfme in the classic drama. His'per
sonality is a strongly marked one, and
seemingly pervaded by the very essence
of modernity. From all that has before
been done by this actor it is safe to
prophecy something of an innovation in
his conception of Romeo. At any rate,
the interpretation have- the interest
of novelty, and possibly Mr. Morgan may
find therein the fittest outlet for his dis
tinctive energy. Neither is a new. Juliet
an every-day happening, and Miss Fea
ly's work .of the last few weeks has
promised a Juliet that will at least be
of charm and sweetness. The support
will be good, and the settings of the
usual handsome sort provided by tne
enterprising management. There are six
teen scenes in the play, and Mr. Acker
man announces, with excellent warrant,
that' they will be the most effective ever
provided for the play fn this city.
Next week is a new play, one whose
moral has created a lively discussion
wherever it has been given— "The- Gay
Lord Quex," that is one of the chef
d'oeuvres of the season. >.
Those interested in the best examples
of the . dramatic craft cannot afford to
miss a 6ingle performance given by this
eminent organization. The plays prom
ised during the season are all of strong
interest, and will add to the .play-goer's
repertoire most of the best that has late
ly been done in the dramatic world, be
sides older work that is worth revival.
To-night will begin the second week of
the Miller- Anglin engagement at the
Columbia Theater in "Trelawny of the
Wells." So popular was the play last
week, in spite of the unusually strong
competitive' attractions, that a second
.week, that is likely to prove e^ven. more suc
cessful than last, has been decided upon.
The ¦ cast, as before said but cannot >6e
too often said, is throughout excellent.
Miss Anglin has a part that shows her
rich talent to a good deal of advantage,
and Mr. Miller's role, though not of the
largest, is distinctively effective. Others
to be noted are Mrs. Charles Walcot,
Charles Walcot, Mrs. Whiffen, Lawrence
D'Orsayi Grace Elllston, Walter Court
leigh, Lillian Thurgate and, indeed, ev
ery part in the cast is seen at its best.
The play is quaint, and contains some
delightful sketches of old-time players,
besides a pretty little plot and bright dia-"
logue. It is costumed in the elaborate
and once-fetching fashions of the early
sixties, and its settings are in a happy
key. i ' ¦
Next week the farewell ' week of this
favorite company, "Wheels Within
Wheels" is programmed. The "bargain
matinees" on Thursday afternoon are still
a feature of the engagement.
Of the ladies, Miss Chapman, as usual,
easily leads. As the erring mother of the
adventurous Captain Swift she has a part
that demands good, careful playing, and
to) say that she fulfils all its requirements
is well within the mark. Gertrude Keller,
who succeeds Julia Dean In ingenue
parts, is a fresh and "pretty girl who
shows much promise, and who pleased
considerably as Mabel Seabrook. Mary
Elizabeth Forbes was a pretty Stella, if
not very agreeable from an elocutionary
standpoint, alid the rest of the cast filled
in acceptably., . , . *
The last week but one of the Neill Com
pany's • engagement at the California
Theater is given over to "Captain Swift,"
whose first performance was given, last
night. Barring ,a little slowness In the
stage management Haddon Chamber'^
stirring play went very well, and was
appreciatively received by a good house.
Mr. Neill has the title role, and brings
a certain attractive sang-froid to the con
ception that goes far to' making his pic
ture of the fascinating adventurer con
vincing. It needs- yet more in the way
of snap and dash, however, "but the ex
igencies of . a first night performance
Gpubtless account for any small lack in
this directiqn. The portrait was conspic
uous, ,however, for the care and . con
science discernible in all that Mr. Neill
does, and with a little more speed and
spirit would be yet more acceptable.
iTank MacVicars does a manly and clean
sketch of Gardiner, a Queensland squat
ter, and Donald Bowles, -as a petulant
and jealous youth, is a taking youngster.
John W. Burton, as Seabrook, gives yet
another df • his satisfying old men, and
Robert Morris is effective as the plotting
butler. .
¦ :'.-.< :¦ '- -. ¦ '•-•• -¦{.! -'-¦ '•' '
Eleanor Falk, a vivacious young wo
man, and ten . fair maidens startled the
audience at the Orpheum last night by
appearing: in pajamas. The garment that
Is usuany worn f when retiring created
some consternation, but 'this feeling gave
way to one of wonder when the double
(imntette danced, ' » ' • .
The best turn on the programme Is the
shooting that is done by Loris and Altina.
Besides being great shots the pair pos
sess great nerve. Altina stands before
the target a la William Tell with a glass
ball suspended three inches over her
head. Loria from the balcony fifty yards
away shatters the ball. The audience also
held its breath when Lioris shattered glass
balls that Altina held in her upraised,
hands and on her head. They do mar
velous shooting and deserve the apprecia
tive applause they receive.- '• . • ' .
Jehan Bedlni does some clever juggling.
He Is assisted by Arthur, a colored com
edian, who smashes enough dishes. ' to
stack a china closet. Their act is very
funny. The Meredith Sisters sing and
dance cleverly. Howard Chambers is suf
fering from a cold, but nevertheless sings*
unusually well. Cushman, Holcombe and
Curtis scored a big hit in their greatest
success "The New Teacher." The Com
eciy is extremely funny and the singing
of the trio is above the average. Barton
and Ashley open the show with a funny
sketch. Barton makes a -good" tramp, but
Ashley is still too dramatic. Swan and
Bambard, "eccentric, grotesque and acro
batic comedians," live up to the title given
them dn the programme. The American,
biograph completes, a. very good bill.
sented by the Neill
Company.
'/Captain Swift" Is Pre-
Eleanor Falk and Ten
Chorus Girls Create
Furor.
WEAR PAJAMAS
ON THE STAGE
Passed out June 15— Br stmr Braemer, for
Hongkong; stmr Cottage. City, for Skagway. j
SEATTLE — Sailed June 14 — Stmr . Cottage
City, for ; Sltka.
• NEAH BAY — Passed out June 15 — Br ship
Antigone, for -United. Klnedom; ship Jabez
Howes, for Dutch Harbor; Br stmr Wellington,
for San Francisco. ; .-,.-•
Passed In June 18 — Stmr Robert Dollar, for
Seattle. , ¦ ... - . • ¦ ;
EUREKA— Arrived June 15— Schr. OttUll«
Fjord, hence June 3; schr Maggie C Rugs,
from San Pedro; «tmr laqua, ..hence 'June 14.
- Sailed June 15— Schr Azalea, for San Pedro;
POINT LOBOS, June 10. 10 p m— rWeather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
¦v- ' • DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June IB — Stmr
Noyo, from Redondo. . , . . ¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 16— Ship
Kennebec, from •. Blakeley, for Boston. :"
Passed In June ' 15— Stmr Robert ¦ Dollar,
hence June 9, for Seattle. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
¦¦<}'•'¦• Saturday, June 14.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, for Crescent
City. . .
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, for Mendoclno.
Sunday, June 15.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopander, for San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, for San Diego.
Etmr Queen, Hall v for- Victoria.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, for Greenwood.
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes,' for Nanaimo.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, for Seattle. j
Bark - Alex McNeil, Jorgensen, for Seattle
and Manila.
Schr Helene, Chrlstensen, for Honolulu.
Schr Carrie and Annie, Mitchell, for Butar
itarl. via Honolulu. , >'
Schr J G Wall, Dollard, for codflshlng
cruise. I '
SAILED.
Schr Oliver J Olsen, Olsen, 9 days from
Port Blakeley.
Schr "William. Olsen, Roovick, B days from
Port Gamble.
Sunday, June 15. .
Stmr Rival, Olsen, 66 hours from Willaba
Harbor. . ¦ /• .
Stmr George Loomis, Brldgett, 39 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Hansen, 63 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 13 hours from Men
doclno.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 80 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Redwood City. Moe, 16 hours from Cas
par.
Bktn Mary Winkleman, Guttormsen, 2 days
from Eureka. ' •
Brig W G Irwin, Garthley, 4# day§ from
Roche Harbor. ¦¦'•• •
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are slven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dEjr In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. * The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is sUDtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JIHSTE lfi,
Wife of Bishop of Kioto Returns From Japan
in the Best of Health and Happy.
SGCI ETY IS INTERESTED
IN MRS. S. C. PARTRIDGE
5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. June 16
Point Arena. . Point Arena ,. : . . June 16
Edith Seattle June 16
Eureka Homboldt June 16
Sequoia...... Redondo June 16
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... June 16
Santa Cruz.. Newport & "Way Ports. June 16
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 18
Eureka Seattle June 17
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 17
Coronado San Pedro June 17
North Fork.. Humboldt .... June 17
Alameda Honolulu .....June 17
Areo'. Eel River Ports June 17
Aztec Nanaimo June 18
Tamplco Kahului June 18
Ban Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor June 18
Leelanaw. . . . New York via Panama. June 18
Pomona Humboldt June 19
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria June 19
Santa. Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports June 19
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Tacoma. ...... June 19
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June SO
Hongkong Ma China & Japan June 20
Hyades Honolulu June 20
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June 21
Chehalis San Pedro June21
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. June 22
Mandalay. . . . Coqullle River June 22
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2.J
Corona Newport & ' Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder. . Portland • & Astoria June 24
Aierjutpa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 26
Queen 'Puget Sound Ports June 26
Bteamer.
Destination.
(Sails.
Pier.
Jane 16.
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alliance Portland & "Way... 6 pm Pier 16
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Peking China & Japan ... 1 pm PMSS
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 11
June 17.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier 2
Phoenix... Mendoclno City ... 8 pm Pier 13
Albion Plv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 13
New-burg. . . Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
June 18.
Coronado.. Grays- Harbor .... 3 pm Pier, 2
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Argo Bel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Lakme Portland & Way ..12 m Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Acapul co. .. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
June 19.
Eureka.... Seattle & Tacoma
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
State Cal... Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
June 20.
North Fork Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Hathor Hamburg & Way.. pi e r 10
Umatllla. .. Puget Bound .Ports. 11 am Pier 19
June 21.
Gaollc... China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS
Alameda. .. Honolulu .'.,. 2 pm Pier 1
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
June 22.
Saata Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
June 24.
Tamplco... Seattle & Honolulu ....... Pier —
Jane 2S.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay. . Coquille River . , . . 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
For.
Balls.
City Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. . June 16
Dolphin Sk&grway & Way Ports.. June 18
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. . June 20
Excelsior. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Spokane Ekagway & Way Ports. June 28
Benator Nome July 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July 2
Roacoke Nome & St. Michael... July 3
18' 4:00—0.111:00
19 4:39— 0.3 11:46
20 5:12—0.3 12:29
21 5:49—0.3 1:10 •
22 6:20—0.2 1:49
4.2 3:20 2.9 9:47
4.3 4:00 2.8 10:18
4.4 4:40 2.8 10:47
¦4.4 6:15 2.9 11:15
4.4 6:00 2.9 11:50
6.3
6.4
6.2
0.1
4.C
O Time Time Time I Time
» Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. — i — Ft.
• I* W ' HW LWI HW
16 2:33 0.8 9:14 To 1:55 2.6 8:34 ~!Tfl
IT 3:20 0.3 10:10 4.1 2:30* 2.8 0:13 0.6
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. June 16
Point Arena. . Point Arena ,. : . . June 16
Edith Seattle June 16
Eureka Homboldt June 16
Sequoia...... Redondo June 16
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... June 16
Santa Cruz.. Newport & "Way Ports. June 16
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 18
Eureka Seattle June 17
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 17
Coronado San Pedro June 17
North Fork.. Humboldt .... June 17
Alameda Honolulu .....June 17
Areo'. Eel River Ports June 17
Aztec Nanaimo June 18
Tamplco Kahului June 18
Ban Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor June 18
Leelanaw. . . . New York via Panama. June 18
Pomona Humboldt June 19
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria June 19
Santa. Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports June 19
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Tacoma. ...... June 19
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June SO
Hongkong Ma China & Japan June 20
Hyades Honolulu June 20
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June 21
Chehalis San Pedro June21
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. June 22
Mandalay. . . . Coqullle River June 22
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2.J
Corona Newport & ' Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder. . Portland • & Astoria June 24
Aierjutpa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 26
Queen 'Puget Sound Ports June 26
Bteamer.
Destination.
(Sails.
Pier.
Jane 16.
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alliance Portland & "Way... 6 pm Pier 16
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Peking China & Japan ... 1 pm PMSS
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 11
June 17.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier 2
Phoenix... Mendoclno City ... 8 pm Pier 13
Albion Plv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 13
New-burg. . . Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
June 18.
Coronado.. Grays- Harbor .... 3 pm Pier, 2
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Argo Bel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Lakme Portland & Way ..12 m Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Acapul co. .. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
June 19.
Eureka.... Seattle & Tacoma
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
State Cal... Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
June 20.
North Fork Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Hathor Hamburg & Way.. pi e r 10
Umatllla. .. Puget Bound .Ports. 11 am Pier 19
June 21.
Gaollc... China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS
Alameda. .. Honolulu .'.,. 2 pm Pier 1
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
June 22.
Saata Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
June 24.
Tamplco... Seattle & Honolulu ....... Pier —
Jane 2S.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay. . Coquille River . , . . 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
For.
Balls.
City Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. . June 16
Dolphin Sk&grway & Way Ports.. June 18
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. . June 20
Excelsior. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Spokane Ekagway & Way Ports. June 28
Benator Nome July 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July 2
Roacoke Nome & St. Michael... July 3
O Time Time Time I Time
» Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. — i — Ft.
• I* W ' HW LWI HW
16 2:33 0.8 9:14 To 1:55 2.6 8:34 ~!Tfl
IT 3:20 0.3 10:10 4.1 2:30* 2.8 0:13 0.6
18' 4:00—0.111:00
19 4:39— 0.3 11:46
20 5:12—0.3 12:29
21 5:49—0.3 1:10 •
22 6:20—0.2 1:49
4.2 3:20 2.9 9:47
4.3 4:00 2.8 10:18
4.4 4:40 2.8 10:47
¦4.4 6:15 2.9 11:15
4.4 6:00 2.9 11:50
6.3
6.4
6.2
0.1
4.C
AMUSEMENTS.
THE CHOTES
Pulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING.
KELLY AND KENT; MURPHY AND
SLATER; EDYTHE TILDEN; NELLIB
MONTGOMERY;- ROMANY TRIO, AND
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
DON'T PAIL TO SEE HARDY DOWNING
LOOPING THE LOOP!
THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY. .
Admission 10c Children. .*5c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
SUTRO OATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. ; m. to 11 p.,m.
Bathing 'from 7 a. mJ to 10:30. p. "m.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, 5c.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20c
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ -• t
OF THE——
WllhelmaofMagdeburg
GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, IN THE STATE Of PRUSSIA,
ON THE 31ST DAT OF DECEMBER, A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of ths
State of California, . pursuant to tha provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by tho Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up . '
In Cash $780.000 00
ASSETS. - ~
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,131, 8S2 68
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 10,243,209 25
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 45,474 00
Cash In Company's Office........ 18,039 33
Cash In Banks 232,063 10
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 201 S3
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion B21.310 38
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 9,610 14
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 1,047,098 CO
Total Assets ....$13,305,693 24
LIABILITIES. S=
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense $84,788 00
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks,
%— ¦¦ ; reinsurance 100 percent 22 927 10
Gross premiums on Marine Tims '
Risks, $— — : reinsurance 60
per cent * 88,627 82
Liability under other Branches.. 11,890,945 36
AH other liabilities 18.408 08
Total Liabilities $12,079,687 86
INCOME. =
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums ,1478,693 08
Received for interest on Bonds -
and Mortgages 413,968 88
Received for interest and dlvl-
. dends on Bonds. Stocks.. Loans
and from all other sources 69 971 65
Received from all other sources.. 2,405.441 62
Total Incoma $3,359,975 21
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~"
Net "¦amount- paid for Marina
Losses (including $ -, losses
of previous, yearsj... $427.000 17
Dividends to Stockholders 182.500 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage . B8.831 28
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. 29 361 flS
Paid for State, National and
Local taxes 4,620 47
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1,863,870 69
Total' Expenditures $2.321,084 67
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during \ the
year $223,674,177 $538,672 90
Net amount of Risks
expired during . the
year ..;.. 225.028.89S 854,82190
Net amount In force
December 31, 1901.. '6,647.578 79,454 92
. TH. BAMMAN, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 29th
day of April. 1902.
MAX J. BAEHR, U. & Consul.
GUTTE &^FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 California Street,
San Francisco.
VS^Bv: VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
fflS»M have been in use over fifty
fSgSFWaga years by the leaders of tha
fSRf&sLfwS Mormon Church and their
HjwaPgATfM followers. Positively cure the
Konffi'A *ksI worst cases In old and young
«$^A\SSaf arising from effects of self-
«5fcJ55j Qi&rf abuse, dissipation, excesses or
' cigarette-smoking. . Curs lost
yg&Sjsjft ¦ Manhood.- Impotency, Lost
. ; Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lams Back.
NerVous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, jot Varlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner ra € 3 vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effectsare Z^l^L Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *•«*« * • ncy to every func-
tion. . Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand.
Restore Email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; 6 for
$2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. ¦ Circulars free '
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St *
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third st. , :
STATEMENT
OV THB .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OS* THB
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF BERLIN, GERMANY,
ON THE 31ST DAT OF DECEMBER, A. D.
1901, and for the year ending? on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to tha provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of tha Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished, by tha Com-
missioner, r-
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid 129
ia Caaa «... , $250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $433,438 60
Loans on Bonds and UortKases... 125,000 0Q
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned br Company.. 809,413 31
Cash in Company 1 a Office 16.57* 9t
Cash la Banks 134.724 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,101 S3
Premiums In duo Course of Col-
lection, and dua from other
Companies and agents .........' 505.890 63
Total Assets ~. »«.... t-l.843.S09 84
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 7)
Losses In process of Adjustment!
or In Suspense > $2 52, 073 73
Losses resisted, including ex- |
penses .................$.
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks
running: more than on* year. '"
j ; reinsurance nro rata 178,098 8]
Gross premiums on (Marine and?
Inland Navigation Risks, |
4 -; reinsurance 100 1
per cent V 188.942 28
Gross premiums on Marine Tim* 1
Risks, $ ; reinsurance. I
60 oer cent ---Si
Liability under other branches... 239,298 39
Iu other liabilities 8.883 28
Total Liabilities M JSC2.304 49
INCOME. — — —
Net cash actually received for Tin ' . •
premiums $392,833 23
Net cash actually received for Ma-
- rlne Diemiuma 281.603 63
Received for Interest oa Bonds and
Mortgage* 8,000 OQ
Received for Interest and dividend* : • .
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 20.138 87
Received from all other sources... 427.317 32
Total Incom* L $1,108,899 44
.EXPENDITURES. |"T ~"
Net amount paid for Firs Losses
(Including- t— 1 losses of
previous years) ................ 1280,269 6fl
Net amount paid for Marine Loss-
es (including % , losses
of previous years). 200.462 33
Dividends to Stockholders 60.000 09
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 353.733 73
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 2^237 23
All other payments and expendi-
tures ¦ 174.191 62
Total Expenditures „. ...:».. $1,062,809 34
Losses Incurred daring the year.. $367.112 5
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $162,103,733 {1,733,130 63
1 Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 49,337.488 838,603 6S
Net amount In force
December -31. 1901 8.840.205 93.942 2«
" CARL. THIEME. Prest.
P. SZSTLIXSKI. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before m* this 234
flay of April, 1902.
ELWOOD WILSON JR..
Deputy U. S. Consul. <
GUTTE *T FRANK,
GENERAL AQENTS.
303 California Street,
San Francisco.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, INViaOBA-
tor and Nervine.
5 The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. •
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. 8. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
There are various ways to modify
milk, but if you want real modification
and not mixtures, the best way, the
easiest way, the way to make the
nearest approach to mother's milk,
is to modify with Mellin's Food; it
truly modifies the casein of the milk
and makes it more digestible^
Pictures of handsome, laughing babies la ma fires book, • MelHn's Pood Babies. 1 * Bead tar It. 1
You will be delighted with it.* /
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
COMFORTABLE.LINB
to be 6i\is tKe S«^.rvi^ Fe living!
on the California Limited i« as
luxurious as residing' in *
FiFtK Avenue paAa.ce . SumptvL- ;
oms appointments: nyriads ofVj
» i real electric lights •* -^r yf ' - ' . "
Chicago m three days #
City TicKet Off iceV 641-Market~Sl\
SECOND WEEK.
i Charles Frohman Presents
J HENRY MILLER,
MARGARET ANQLIN
And a SPECIAL COMPANY. -
LAST C NIGHTS.
M&thees Wednesday and Saturday.
A. W. Pinero's Comedietta in Four Acts
TRELAWNY O^THE WELLS
Beginning NEXT MONDAY...
Kenry Miller, Margaret Anglin
And SPECIAL COMPANY In
Arthur W. Pinero's Four-act Comedy,
THE
GAY LQRO QUEX,
After Its Successful Run of 400 Xigbts In
London. '
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY.
3 A BIG NEW SHOW!
Eleanor Falk and Her 10 Pretty
Girls; Bedini and Arthur; Loris and
Altina; Swan and Bamberg; Twin
Sisters Meredith; Cushman, Hol-
combe and Curtis; Howard. Cham-
bers; Barton and Ashley, and ths
Biograph.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; box seats
and oi>era chairs, 50c.
EVEXINGS AT 8 SHARP!
SOUVENIR TOT MATINEE SATURDAY at 2
SHARP!
THIS WEEK POSITIVELY THE LAST!
DON-T OVERLOOK
"THB TOY MAKER."
BRING THE CHILDREN TO GET TOYS ON
SATURDAY.
MONDAY, June 23— Th« Record Breaker.
"THE IDOL'S BYE."
(HOOT MOM)
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush — P.
„_ Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
• -
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS "WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Richest, Rarest. Raciest Farce Comedy of
Them All.
MY AUNT
BRIDGET
An Evening of Genuine Unadulterated Fun.
NOVEL AND UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
\ DTf CC . Evenings ; 10c to 50c
I lUWLJ - Matinees „ 10c, J5c. 25c
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAY.
I3S3&. THURSDAY— 25c, W&7\
MR. JAMES HEILL AND COMPANY,
Presenting C. Haddon Chambers' Powerful
Play.
CAPTAIN.SWIFT.
Next— "WHEELS "WITHIN WHEELS."
Coming — Special Engagement,
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
And His Excellent Company of Players,
Presenting Big- Scenic Production of
'•FRANCESCA DA RIMINI." V*
Seats ready Thursday, June 20, 9 a. m.
Fischer's Theater.
Can 'V * T Without
f Along I It!
WE ARE COMPELLED TO CONTINUE
WITH THE GREATEST OF ALL
BURLESQUES,
FIDDLE DEE DEE
BEGINS THE ELEVENTH WEEK THIS
MONDAY NIGHT.
Once again new feature* and all the famous
articts— KOLB. DILL. BERNARD, BLAKE.
UERMSEN. AMBER. GALLICK- and the
"•ONLY" living chorus.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening- Th!» Week.
Engagement Extraordinary.
MAUDE FEALY
EDWARD MORGAN
In the Most Magnificent Production of
"ROMEO AND JULIET"
Ever Presented on Any Stage.
BAMB POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c,
60c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Eeats All Matinees, 25c
Next Week — MAUDE FEALY and EDWARD
MORGAN in 'THE TWO ORPHANS."
• SECOND WEEK.
FRISCO'S RECORD HIT!
EXTRA MATINEE— Thursday, Jane It.
The Favorite Actress,
\ FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Bela»co'« Great Play,
ini/Lri^/lii,,
Regular Saturday Matinee. .:':
Eeats Now Belllnr Two Weeks In Advance.
PATRIOTIC EXCURSION
TO LOS CATOS, SANTA CRUZ MOUN-
TAINS, TUESDAY, JUNE 17.
BUNKER HILL ASSOCIATION _
EONS' OF AMERICAN REVOLUTION .
SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA PIONEERS—
Special train leaves Third and Townsend its
8:15 a. m.. stopping at Valencia et. Tickets,
round trip $1; children 60c. For sale at depot
morning of excursion. Music, Second Regiment
Band. ¦ .
PflfflfTP Desirable location.
1 UlUtw unsurpassed cuisine,
uncqualed ser-
Ofj/| vice and modern
UliU conveniences are the
~ -, t attributes that have
l|f*Off/| made these two ho-
VlluUlE tels popular with
WJ t tourists and travel-
nAiAIC ers who visit San
llUlVld Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.'CHICAGO, June 15.— The American Der
by, counterpart of the great annual event
at Epsom, will be decided next Saturday
at Washington Park. The question heard
on every side- Is, 'Who .will win the valu
able stake?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cruzados, McOhesney and
. Lord Quex Are Next
in Demand.
Make Him the Choice for
the Great American
BETTORS FAVOR
MACKAY'S HENO
William Cody, a young clerk employed
at John Skelly's grocery store. Sixteenth
and Market*, streets, was arrested by De
tective Fitzgerald of the • Seventeenth
street station yesterday on the charge
of misdemeanor embezzlement Skelly had
been -suspicious of his clerk, and as a
test he had-, two friends call at the store
and make purchases, providing each with
marked . half-dollars. ' After the men left
the store Fitzgerald entered and searched
Cody, and claims he, found the marked
coin on his person.
Has Clerk Arrested.
Company G — F. Reinhold, S. Arada, J. Mitch
ell; E. W. Anderson, George Schroeder E. B
Parker. - ¦ J
ALAMEDA, .June 15.— Four tug-of-war
teams will meet Tuesday night In Arm
orv hall to pull for the championship of
Alameda. The teams. are:
Redmen— W. Stelnmetz, B. A B
Moore, N. Madsen, A. T. Toye, Mr. Miller
Boating Club— Edward Ehrenpfort, J. Lewis
E. Thornlng, S. Pollard. F. Ayres. C. Ayres '
Woodmen — William Krueger, J. Jollymour E
O.. Flood, Thomas Dunleavy, George Smith ' h'
Reichsrath. ¦"•¦,¦ ¦ ¦- ;
Tug of "War. Tournament.
*-Tim Murphy and Mike Donovan will box
fifteen rounds before the Acme Club, Oak
land, next Friday night. They will weigh
in at 152 pounds. >S&&>*S£?¥3Si!*g
Neill and Young Gibbs Matched.
/ The National Athletic Club officials have
arranged a twenty-round fight between
Al Neill and Young Gibbs. It will take
place on the 25th inst. at Mechanics' Pa
vilion. On the same night Eddie Hanlon
and Spider Welch will box twenty round3.
How the club- will secure a permit- has not
been explained.
' First pool event, scores : Walpert 15, liver
son 18. Knick 12, Sylvester 10, Taylor 13,
Hoyt 13.
Second pool event, scores: Gordon 15, Fin
nochio 9, Lewis 13, Feudner 14, Walsh 9 Bur
nell 13. . •
The scores ¦ made In the club shoot were as
follows: Nauman 22, Haight 17. Lewis 9,
Walker 16, Iverson 22. Walpe,rt 19, "Slade" 15
Sylvester 15, Hoyt 12, Welch 12, Knick 19,
Gordon 19, Burns 21, Parson 20, Taylor 15
Mitchell 11, Hansen 7, Mailer 11, Hoyt IS
Byrnes 15, R. Fmnochio 14, P. Finnochlo 13.
Back scores — Sylvester 20, Burnetl 16, P. Fin
nochio 16, R. Flnnochlo 13, Burns 10. Mitchell
17, Taylor 18, Nauman 21, Burns 17, Gordon
18, Iverson 22.
At the monthly bluerock shoot of the
Union Gun Club, held yesterday at Ingle
side, Sylvester won the club medal. This
is the second time this season he has had
that honor. He is in a fair 'way to secure
the trophy permanently. It .will be award
ed l at the close of the year to the one
who won it the greatest number of times.
The number of gunmen who visited the
traps yesterday was below the average.
Many of the experts were among the
missing.
at Bluerocks at Ingleside Are
Poorly Attended.
Union Gun Club's Monthly Contests
SYIiVESTER WIN'S MEDAI* >/
FOR THE SECOND TIME
Deciding: course — Cosette beat Miranda. 11-7.
. Class reserve stake — P. White's Red Pepper
beat A. McLeod's Money Musk. 17-6; Chlarini
Brothers' White Hat beat F. Jones' Minnie •
Sankey, 5-1 ; G.x Sharman's Little Sister beat
P. M. Clarkson's Prompto, 5-0; Aeneld Ken-*
nels" Aeolus beat T. Jolley's Little May, 5-2;
T. Maher's Bad Boy beat A. McLeod's Pure
Pearl. 5-4; J. Charlton's Cloudburst beat J.
Trade's Belle Rocket. 12-0; T. Jolley's Toronto
beat F. C. Mack's Woodcock Boy, 5-1: Pasha
Kennels' Real Aristocrat beat J. Seggerson's
Gold Hill, 7-5J /
Second round — Red Pepper beat White ¦ Hat,
10-8; Aeolus beat Little Sister. 1 4-0; Cloud
burst beat Bad Boy, 5-1; Real Aristocrat beat
Toronto, 5-2. -I
' Third round — Aeolus a bye. Red Pepper with
drawn; Cloudburst beat Real Aristocrat. 7-4.
Deciding . course — Aeolus beat Cloudburst,
7-5. . .
Puppy stake — A. R. Curtis* Miranda' beat
M. C. Delano's Conroy, 6-4; Chiarlni Brothers'
Cosette beat M. C. Delano's Consort. 3-0: T.
Sullivan's Ginger Hill beat J. Regan's Flora
Belle, 17-7.
Second round — Miranda beat Ginger Hill,
4-0; Cosette a bye.
I -Consolation stake — Dewdrop a bye; Otto beat
Yellowtail, 6-5; Cascade beat Mcse, 4-2; Golden
Garter beat Tame Tralee, 9-7; Narcissus beat
Santonin. 3-2: Haphazard a bye, Palo Alto
withdrawn; Tyrone Prince beat Roy Hughie,
23-19; Silver Cloud beat May Hempstead. 3-1.
• Second round — Otto beat Dewdrop, 6-2; Gold
en Garter beat Cascade, 7-2; Narcissus beat
Haphazard. S-6; Silver Cloud a bye, Tyrone
Prince withdrawn. *
Third round — Golden Garter beat Otto." 8-6;
Narcissus beat Silver Cloud. 13-5. .
Deciding course — Narcissus beat Golden Gar
ter, 5-0.
'.. T>. Walsh's up-country greyhound Sac
ramento Boy proved the fleetest . of the
dogs at present in training yesterday at
Union Coursing Park. He duplicated his
performance of last week, winning the
special event from fast company.. .
He defeated, in turn. Tame Tralee, Roy
al Archer, Old Ironsides, Tralee Boy
and, in the diciding course. Homer Boy.
He beat the latter dog by a score of
6 to 0. . ;
Palo Alto, one of the over-night favor
ites, was beaten by Flying Fox In the
first round: Palo Alto was made a 1
to 5 choice over the Curtis crack. At
the first attempt each .dog scored the
same number of points, and were sent
back to the slips. Owing to the severe
trial Palo Alto had two weeks ago it
was not expected he would be able to
repeat. The bettors then made Flying
Fox favorite. He justified the confidence
of his backers by shutting out Palo Alto
pointless in a >Rort course.
Aeolus came f out after a long retirement
and won the class reserve event. He
proved the clas3 of the stake, and won
cleverly. In the concluding course he
met Cloudburst, a greyhound recently
sent from the East by John Chanton.
The latter gives promise of being a h.gh
class performer.- -
The puppy stake was won by Miranda,
It .was the general opinion, that Consort
was the best > in the stake, and that,
with a little coursing luck, j?he would
have won. In this stake Ginger Hill
surprised the bettors by defeating Flora
Belle, a 1 to 5 favorite. Ginger Hill
proved clever In -working the hare.
The consolation Btake was won by
A. R." Curtis' Narcissus. The detailed
results of the running, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Special Btake— B. Sllva's Master Rocket a
bye, Motto withdrawn; F. Jones' Wedge wood
beat Chiarinl Bros." Dewdrop, 4-0 ; G. Shar
man's Sir Pasha beat P. C. Blick's Tellowtail.
3-2- T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Otto, 4-1; A. >R. Curtis' Old Ironsides
beat J. Carroll's Cascade, 8-6; E. Geary's Fenii
beat Yosemlte Kennels' Mose, 12-7; D. Walsh' 3
Sacramento Boy beat Chiarinl Bros.' Tame
Tralee, 4-0;. Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer beat
Chiarinl Bros.' Santonin. *4-3; Pashi Kennels'
Regal Attire beat P. M. Clarkson's Golden Gar
ter, 8-4; T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat A. R. Cur
tis' Narcissus, 4-0; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist
beat C. O. Peterson's Haphazard, 4-3 ; A. R.
Curtis* Flying Fox beat E. Geary's Palo Alto,
3-0; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat E.
Geary's Roy Hughie, 6-0; E. Geary's Ireland
beat F: Jones' Tyrone Prinje, 5-1; E. Geary's
Fair Oaks beat CO. Peterson's Silver Cloud.
3-2; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat Pasha Kennels'
May HemDstead.i 4-O.
' Second round — Wedgewood \ : beat Master
Rocket, 7-2; Tralee Boy beat Sir Pasha, 3-1;
Old Ironsides beat Fenll, 3-0; Sacramento Boy
beat Royal Arcner, 10-4: Vandal beat Regal
Attire. 0-4; Flying Fox beat Rural Artist. 3-1;
Ireland beat Roman Athlete, 7-3; Homer Boy
beat Fair Oaks. 8-1.
Third round — Tralee Boy beat Wedgewood,
4-2; Sacramento Boy beat Old Ironsides. 8-1;
"Flying Fox beat Vandal. 4-2; Homer Boy beat
Ireland, 4-0.
Fourth round — Sacramento Boy beat Tralee
Boy, 4-0; Homer Boy beat Flying Fox.
¦' • Deciding course — Sacramento Boy beat Ho
tter Boy. 6-0.
Aeolus Defeats Cloudburst in
th9 Olas3 Reserve
-:t: Event.
Proves Himself Fastest'
of Greyhounds in .
. Training.
Ewing's Men Are Credited With Twenty Hits in the
Afternoon Game and Thirteen in the Morning.
SACRAMENTO BOY
A STAKE WINNER
OAKLAND NINE WINS TWO GAMES
BY SOME REMARKABLE BATTING
YACHTING, BASEBALL, COURSING, SHOOTING, TENNIS AND CRICKET
Stmr HomeK Donaldson, 50 hours from R»»
dondo.
DOMESTIC PORTS. "V«f
PORT BANDON— Arrived June 13, 6 p O— T
Stmr Mandalay, hence June 12. '
PORT 1X53 AKGEI.ES — Sailed Juna 1^>—
Stmr Coquille- River, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived June 14^ — Schr Ariel.
¦ from Honolulu.
F0RE1GX PORT.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived June 15— Bt ftatf
Wearslde, from Junia
Late Shipping Intelligence.
I ARRIVED.
Sunday. Jua» IS
DENVER, June 15.— The Union ore sam
pling works and the warehouse of the
Second-hand Supply Company, at Thir
tieth and Wewatta streets, were de
stroyed by fire this morning. The total
loss is about $50,000. The fire broke out
in the 1 * sampling works, but the cause U
unknown. v •
Fire Destroys Sampling Works.
Press — w. Chester Keogh. John Doherty, B-
J. Dollard.
Transportation— J. B. Mclntyre. P. J. Me-" 4
Keon. G. M. Kelly.
Games — P. J. ¦ McKeon, Ed Kenny, James
McManus, R. O'Connor, D. Sheerln. Captain J.
Murphy. A. White. W. O'Connor. J. Doherty.
Floor — F. Adams, manager- A. O'Connor, as
sistant: M. Gllmore, A. Laflin. W P. O'Connor.
J. V. Ccffey. A. Street. George Olsen, William
Barry. D. Kenny, William H. Langdon, Jame»
Bain. /
Reception — Joseph Kirk. Charles J. Heggerty.
Morris Casey. Joseph A. Stulz, S. P. Taylor, J.
Murray, P. Frazier, Captain J. Laflin W. F\
Snyder, M. Farreft, M. C. Hassett. Dr. J. P.
Gibbon. Dr. F. X. Sullivan. Dr. T. E. Shumate.
George Olsen. Morrta Hlggins, Thomas O'Brien,
E. J.. Gallagher.. E. Holmes. Thomas Craw
ford. Thomas Judge. F. Rhodes.
Printing— J. B. Mclntyre. J. B. Coffey. "Wil
liam J.. O'Connor.
Music — William Barry. D. Kenny, James
Bain.
General committee — J. B. Mclntyre. chair
man: Father Pius Murphy, treasurer; Georg*
M. Kelly, secretary.
Will Be Enjoyed.
. All arrangements have been completed
for, the fifth annual picnic and excursion
of the congregation of St. Dominic's
Church to- Fernbrook Park. Niles Canyon,
on Wednesday. More than one hundred
valuable prizes i are. to be distributed.
Among the attractions arranged for th»
outing will be a tug of war between the
two societies connected^with the church,
and there are to a,e numerous games for
both old and young, while dancing will
be a special feature of the programme.
The following committees have been ap
pointed: • *
Park Where Delightful Fun
Excursion Will Be Bun to Fernbrock
ST. DOMINIC'S PICNIC
TO BE BRILLIANT. AFFAIR
Several of the California Club players
crossed the bay and practiced on th»
Hotel Rafael courts. W. B. Collier and
H. W. Crowell took Frank Mitchell and
Drummond MacGavin info camp. The
winners won four sets out of six. most
of which were vantage sets. The score:
12—1, 8—6, 6—4, 1—6, 3—6. 8—6. The wlnner 3
also beat Mitchell and Harry Dibble, 6—3.
Miss Emma Hunter and Mrs. Kincaid
will play a special match to-morrow aft
ernoon on the Alameda courts for the
Gutte cup. Miss Hunter has already won
the trophy twice and one more victory
will make it her own.
On the Park courts Charles Dunlap and
Harry Routh furnished the best match.
Dunlap was a trifle too fast for his op
ponent, whom he beat 8—6. Routh beat
George Bates 8—6. Other matches result
ed as follows: Dunlap beat Bates. 6—2;
Cummings beat Black. 8 — 6; Shaw beat
Lielach, 6—2, 6—3; Brady and Long beat
Adams and Baker, 6 — 4, 6 — t; Bozart andj
Janes beat Black and Gannon, 6—0; DuffB
lap and Janes beat Black, and LJelach/
6—3, 6—3; Baker and Griffin beat Finnigan
and Brady, 6 — 4, 6 — 4; Janes and Lielacti
beat Haynes and Shaw, 7 — 5; Black and
Griffin beat Cummings and Finnigan, 7— a;
Brady and Baker beat Long and Adams.
6—4, 6—2.
Other California Club score3 were: A.
"Wcrthington and Dr. Noble tied A. Mel
rc3e and W. F. Bull. 6—2, 7—5. 3—6. 5—7;
Worthington beat Bull, 6—2; Charles Kuehn
beat H. E. Punnett, 6—1, 6—2, 6—2; Frank
Stringham beat George Whipple, 6—1, 6—3,
6^-4; E. Armsby and Smith O'Brien beat
G. N. Armsby and Whipple, 6—3; Frank
King beat D.enls Searles, 4 — 6. fr— 0, 6 — 3;
Melrose beat Alden Ames, 6 — 3, 6 — 2. 6 — 0.
Walter MacGavin, the veteran player,
made his reappearance on the courts yes
terday. He was out of practice but made
a good showing against Profesor Daily,
who beat him fr— 3. 6 — 4.
Many fast tennis matches were played
yesterday on the California, Park and San
Rafael courts. The best match on the lo
cal courts was that in which Sherwood
Adams and Orville Pratt were opposed to
Sam Hardy and Frank Stringham. Adam3
and Pratt played a strong game and beat
their opponents in a five-set match. The
last set was one of the longest of the sea
son, the score being 15 — 13. Hardy showed
a lack of practice and netted many balls.
Adams was easily the star- of the four.
The score: 6—3, 6—2, 4—6. 2—6, 13—13.
and San Eaf ael All Attract the
Clever Racket Wielders.
California Club, Golden Gate Park
FAST TENNIS MATCHES
ON VAHIOTTS C0TTRT3
Trooj? A. First Cavalry, National Guard of
California, monthly medal shoot — C. Becker 50.
K. McKarley 48, Sergeant K. Greenin^er 48,
W. Spanhake 48, D. Plamondon 18, H. L. Det
rick 46, H. Taylor 44, J. Mackenzie 43. B.
Macklay 44, t. Flckert 41. B. Thornaele :>T.
C- Burnham 27, B. Werner 29. C. Buckley 24.
G. Hansen 27. H. Hanaen 40, G. Pods 42. J.
Ritchie 30. Sergeant A. Smith 17. W. Davis
88, C. Nicolal 40, W. Huggins 28, Sergeant I".
Schmidt 2S, T. Carlin 34, B. Huber 30. Ser
geant J. P. S»aar -J3. J. McKinley 45. B.
"Wafer 32, CaDtaln Charles Jansen 39, T. P.
Lehmann 43, Sergeant Engle 48. G. Cleveland
42, Serjeant Riddock 32, Lieutenant Cam 40.
. Shell- Mound P!3tol and Rifle Club, monthly
bullseye shoot, scores made on June 1 but net
measured until Friday night — W. A. Siebe fL.
Captain Ludwig Siebe 34. A. II. Ramm 35, %?
Vera 48. A. Niehaus 49. I>r. Burt Roche Si.
J. Ringen 50. A. Thompson C5%. F. SIeb«
67, A. Puckhaber 7."?. "W. Wllkes 90, F. Mur
phy 96, J. Cobby 108.
The shooting at the Shell Mound rifle
range did not attract as. large an attend
ance yesterday as usual, but the scores
were good, and what contests there were
proved close and exciting, c. Becker of
Troop A. First Cavalry, made a clean
string with the revolver at fifty yards. E.
McKarley, Sergeant Greeninger, Serg^ejt
Engle and W. Spanhake followed WTft'
forty-eight points each. Serjeant S.
King did the best work for Company A,
Fifth Infantry, with scores of 21. -ju and U
at distances of 200, 300 ahd 500 yards, re
spectively.
In the monthly bullseye shoot of the
Shell Mound Ritle and Pistol Club Wil
liam A. Slebe scored nine. This is the
record for the organization, the best pre
vious shot being ten.
The results of yesterday's shooting ara
as follows:
Company A. Fifth Infantry. National Guard
ot California, monthly medal shoct:
Members of National Guard
Are Only. Marksmen
Present.
Contests at Shell Mound
Are Close and
Exciting.
BECKER MAKES
PERFECT SCORE
LOS ANGELES, June 15.— Los. Angeles
won its _ seventh successive victory, to-day
five of ' them; from .the Senators. '.The
feature of the ¦ game '¦ was the terrific bat
ting of both teams.: .Waddell 1 secured, four
hits and'" Bowman; a"; substitute, \ made a
home : • run ' and ¦ , a : two-baggerl Rellly
strained a tendon < in ¦ his leg : In • the third
inning. which necessitated much switching
of the Los ' Angeles players. Steffani
in Los Angeles Game.
The Giant Pitcher^ Secures Four Hits
"WADDELIj- IN"- FOBM.
, The thirty-second annual jubilee. of the
Order.; of Hermann's Sons ; took : place at
Sohuetzen Park yesterday, and was in
every , way a most decided success! . There
were 'about 1000 people present,' and all
enjoyed ;! themselves. Dancing was the
chief amusement of the day, while bowl
ing and ; other outdoor games • were > very
popular. A large number ' of ' valuable
prizes ¦were-', awarded .' during . the after
noon.'-. The, ¦ committee of . arrangements
was i composed of Charles ;; Trauter,' . Ed
ward Breugger, . George Schlichtmann, F
Michaelsen, Ernest; Wilkins,,F.- Rose, H
Heppcrt,.A. -Vogt and A. Hagerdo^. -"
Henri aim's Sons at Schuetzen.
Baltimore 4 14 2
— Harper and Sudgen; Howell and
Robinson. . • .
DETROIT, ' June 15.— Mullen was in line
form this . afternoon and pitched a 'splendid
game. Washington's errors aided materialljrln
Detroit's run-prettlnc Attendance 5000. Score:
. ' .' ."¦ ¦ ¦' • R. H; E.
Detroit .....II 11 i
"Washlngrton .' ;..rr....2 6 C
— Mullen and Buelow; Patten and
Clarke. ¦ ; ¦ ¦ ;. v "-..;7..; 1
NEW YORK, June 15.— The Cincinnati Nat
ional League team was beaten by the unat
tached' Hoboken ball nine on the latter's
grounds to-day by a score of 6 to" 2. •
• Batteries — Wright and Wood; Winters and
Crlser. -..-¦ . , .- ! a •¦ -.,
- CHICAGO. June 15.— Chicago-Philadelphia
game. postponed; rain, a
. ST. LOUIS. June 15— Though Baltimore hit
Harper, freely, fast fleldlnz ker>t the score
down.- ' The home team Bounded Howell hard
in the second and sixth innings. . Attendance
8000. Score: . , ¦ • ¦, , -¦ ,
R. H. E.
St. Louis ; 0 10 1
CANTON, Ohio, j June 15.— In tha presence
of 6000 spectators Boston . defeated Cleveland
in a game transferred to this city from Cleve
land. In' consequence of the crowd an ordinary
fly was good for two bases. . Score :
'• <¦'¦ ¦¦V^-.V.'' A- '&"* R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 5 1
Boston .: 5 9 1
The Game Is Transferred From For
mer City and Attracts an TJn- (
• usual Attendance.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND DEFEATED .
BY BOSTON AT CANTON"
. ,¦'"* AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, lb.'......;. 2 ! - 0 0 0 0 0 2
Holly, r. f .......... 4 01. 0310
Parrott, c: f 4 0 2 0. B ', 0 . 0
Leahy, c... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Shay, s. s .4 110 4 4'. 1
Shupart, 2b 4 0.2 0 0. 1 0
McHale, 1. t 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Rellly, 3b... ....3 0 0 0 1 2 0
Meredith, p 8 ,0 0 0 "0 .6 0
, Totals ..........32 :i 6 ' 0 24 14 4
OAKLAND.
' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, 2b........... 4 2 2 1 5 /5 , 1
Lohman, o. .......:. 4 1 2 0 2 ' 4 0
Streib/ lb.... ........ 5 0 0 0 6 0 1
McCredie, r.f....... 4 1 3" 1 3^0 0
Devereaux, s. s. . . . . . 4 . 0 " . 1 0 . 7 4 •• 1
Dunleavy, 3b........ 4: r* 2 0 2 0 2
Schmidt p 2 11 0 0 3 1
Gorton, c. f. •...:..... '4 ' 1 2 0 0 0 0
Cristall. 1. f.. ..3 10;02 00
Totals ..........84 8 13 2 27 16 6
'RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco.... 0 0 0 0' 0 0 0 0 1 — 1
Base hits.. 1.1 0 2 1 0 0 0-1—6
Oakland*. ;....... 1 0 2 2 0 • -1 0 , 2 x— 8
Base hits ...2 0 '3 "2. 1 " 2 0 3 x— 13
. SUMMARY., . .'.
Three-base hit— Lohman. '. Two-base hits — ;
McCreedie, Parrott, ¦ Schmidt, Dunleavy. • . Sacri
fice hits — Lohman. Cristall, Mohler, Schmidt.
First base on errors — San Francisco 4, -Oakland
3. First base on called balls— Off Schmidt 3,". oft
Meredith 1. Left on bases— San Francisco 7,
Oakland 7. Struck out— By Meredith 1. Double
plays— Meredith to'^hay to Nordyke; Mohler to
Devereaux to Streib: Time of game — One hour
and 45 minutes. . Umplre-r-McDonald. - , J
- SAN FRANCISCO.
Schmidt handed them out to the Ponies
and had them buffaloed during the entire
struggle. He kept the hits well, scattered.
Not a run was made until the last inning,
when the Ponies sent Danny Shay over
the hurdles. All the Oakland players hit
the ball hard, 'but McCreedie, Lohman,
Dunleavy, Gorton and Mohler carried off
the honor^. The score : > . - . : .
A gala day crowd, numbering aboutSOOO,
thronged the Oakland grounds yesterday
morning to yell wildly for the home team.
The men> paraded over the rubber eight
times during the nine innings.' Meredith
was walloped in 'all directions by Ewing's
stars. They simply scored whenever . It
was to their liking. .
OAKLAND , SCORES AT WTLL.
Home run — Bowman. Three-base hit — Jones.
Two-base hits — Anderson, • Bowman, Waddell,
Roach, Unglaub, 'Doyle. First base on errors
— Los Angeles 1, Sacramento 3. First base on
called balls — Oft Waddell 4,- oft Steffani 1, oft
Doyle 3. Left on bases — Los Angeles 6, Sac
ramento 8. Struck out — By Waddell 3, by Stef
fani ' 2, by Doyle 1. Passed - ball — Graham.
Wild pitch — Steffani. Time of game — 2 'hours.
Umpire — O'Connell. • •-
SUMMARY.
pitched five, innings, but was batted so
hard that Doyle was substituted. Six
hits and three bases on balls in the re
maining three innings was his record. The
game was Interesting on account of the
batting.' Attendance, 4000. Score:
L.OS ANGELES. '
AB. R. BH.SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss .....: 5 2 2 1 '1 2 1
Waddell, p 5.1 4 0-3 3 0
Raymer, 2b & 3b 5 0 10 5 2 1
Householder. c.f 41 2 0 2 0 0
Rellly. 3b... 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Roach, 1. f. & r.f... 4 0 1 .0 2 10
Anderson, c 4 1.1 O 4 2 1
Hanlon, lb 2 10 1 7 1 0
Bowman, 2b & 1. f... 3 3 2 0 3 4 0
Jones, r. f 3 1 2 0 0 0 0
Totals ..37 10 15 2 27 15 3
SACRAMENTO.
! AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, p. & 1. f 4 1 10 1 0 0
Lawler, c. f .5 11 0 2 0 0
Eatran, lb. . ......5 0 1 0 9 10
Unglaub; ss ....5 1 2 0 4 0 1
Sheehan, 3b... 4 0 3 0 4 1 1
Hulen, 2b .4 0 10 15 0
Graham. 'C. 3 0 0 0 3 4 0
Wagner, r. f 4 1 2 0 00 0
Steffani, p. 110 0 0 1 0
Hogan, 1. f ....2 00 0 0 1 0
Totals .37 5 11 0 24 13 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 3 0 11401 x— 10
Base hits ..... 2 3 0 2 2 3 0 3 » x— 15
Sacramento . 000 v 0 4 0 1*0 0— 5
Base hits .....1110304 0 1 — 11
Three-base hit — Gorton. Two-base hits —
McCreedie, Devereaux (2), ! Gorton, .Whalen.
Sacrifice hits — Holly, Parrott, . . Streib. First
base on errors — San Francisco 4. . Oakland 1.
First base on called balls — Oft Whalen " 5, • off
Cristall 4. Left on bases — San Francisco 3,
Oakland '8. Struck out — By Whalen 1,- by
Cristall 4. Time ¦ of game — 1 hour 55 minutes.
Umpire — McDonald. . . .,
SUMMARY.
McHale, If. ; ........ 4 0: 0 0 2 10
Rellly, 3b 4/0 0 0.0 0 0
Whalen, p 3 0 10 12 0
•Delmas :...: 10 10 0 0 0
Totals .....30-4 5 0 24 12 " 2
?Batted for \Vhalett in ninth inning.
OAKLAND. .
\ • • CAB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
iMohler, 2b..... "4~ 2 1 2 6 3 1
Lohman, c. ..;...;.. 6 2 ' 3 1.4.2 2
Streib lb ...4 1 1 0- 7 0 1 i
McCreedie. rf. ...... 4 4 3 2 '2 1 1
Devereaux, ss r. 5 3 4 0 " 4 2 0
Dunleavy, 3b 5 1 4 1 13 0
Schmidt, If 4 1 1 0 1 0 O 1
Gorton, cf." ...5 13 1 2 0 0
Cristall, p .5 0 0 0 01 0
Totals -.42 15 20 7^ 27 12 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco.'.. 1 0 0 ' 0 • Q 0. 0 0 3 — 4
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 3 — 5
Oakland 3 0 2 0 0 50 5 x— 15
Base hits -4 04 1 2 40 5 x — 20
SOME OF THE FUNNY SIGHTS PRESENTED TO THE VIEW OF SPECTATORS YESTERDAY AT RECREATION
BASEBALL PARK WHEN CAL SWING'S CHAMPIONS FROM ACROSS THE BAy\ RANG UP TWENTY
BASE HITS ON THE UNSUSPECTING SAN ; FRANCISCO ¦ AGGREGATION^ -< .
SANTA ROSA^ June 15.— An interesting
game of baseball was played at Recrea
tion Park this afternoon between the
Hale Rrothers' team of San Francisco
and the Santa Rosa team," the latter win
ning by a score of 3 to L
Santa Rosa mine Wins.
HEALDSBURG, June 15.— "Bob" Fitz
slmmons umpired a game of baseball here
to-day between the Healdsburg team and
the Heesemans. _. The game was called at
«^~ n 8 d *J? f fi the seven th inning, with the
SCOiC o lO 8. ..." ; - . * .
Fltz and Tom Wilson boxed three llveiy
rounds after the game. -
Fitzsimmons as an Umpire.
California League Umpire Resigns.
. LOS ANGELES, June 15.— It Is authori
tatively stated that. Umpire Jack O'.Con
nell, who has been here* for a" month Judg
ing: the local games as one of the two
umpires of the State league, 'officiated In
his last game in the State to-day. The
coming week he will go to Portland, * Or
to ; accept a . similar place • in the Pacific
Northwest League at a salary of $300 per
month and expenses. •
DENVER, June *15.— The Great West
ern , handicap -bluerock shoot, • which was
completed to-day, £ was . won by - F. C.
Wernecke, who scored 39 "out of a pos
sible 40' birds. H.' C. Hirschey' of .Minne
apolis and Larry E. King of '. Cripple
Creek tied for second money, each scor
ing SS out of 40. In the consolation shoot
Neil McMullan of -Idaho made the high
est average, missing 7 out of 175 shots.
"Wernecke "Wins Trapshoot:
."Corb.ett" is in . the habit of meeting
dally any four fighters of any < weight
who present themselves. Yesterday morn
ing Parker appeared at Corbett's train-
Ing quarters. He had previously an
nounced that he meant to knock out the
champion who scorned him.
Corbett knew his purpose, and made
no objection, although Parker weighs 136
pounds and Corbett 126. The boys went
at it for blood. At the end . of the first
round, after several savage mix-ups,
Parker was groggy. At the end of the
third round he was bleeding, and was
all / but out twice during the fight. He
.went home to patch his cuts and meditate
on the folly. of revenge. ..Meanwhile Cor
bett. without \ stopping, fought Gilsey
Williams and Lewis in succession. -
DENVER, June 15.— "Kid" Parker, pu
gilist and vegetarian, smarting under his
failure to get a match with the champion
lightweight, "Young Corbett," devised a
scheme to get revenge.
Scheme of Revenge After Being
Refused a Match.
Vegetarian Boxer Devises Unique
KID PAEKEB ATTEMPTS
TO KNOCK OUT CORBETT
Total ; ... 13 i
Runs at the' fall of each wicket— One for
7i. two for 88, three for 83, four for 94 a VB
for 122. Elx for 124. seven for 127, eight for
130. nine for 131, ten for 131. '? .
; SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — ' Balls. Runs. Maid WicV
B. Kortlang 126 62 2 a
H. C. Casidy ..... 66- . 36 . .1 i
C. P. Coles 57 18 2 4
TF. Jamieson 18 6 1
V. P. Sollom 18 10 .. *"
Eollom bowled one wide.balL.
T" 1 * 1 ...152
Runs «t the fall of each wicket— One for '9,
two for 46. three for 61. four for 81 five for 97
for lS. t^ f2V " ght f ° r 136 ' nlD «
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowlers— Balls. Runs. Maid. Wick.
XI. \\ara .....SO 40 • ¦ 3 a
B. Bird 60 22 " 3 2
W. G. Fortmann 54 23 " 3 n
T. J. Croll.... ....66 22 J '/ y Y
J. Farrell 24 17 /" ,
F. Stahl 30 14 \\ \
Fortmann bowled two .wide" ball*.
. ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB. -
V. Beebeck, b. Kortlarig » ;• " -^
B. Bird, c. and b. • Kortlang *.... """""* ™
TV. G. Fortinann, b.' Kortlang •••••• w
F. J. Croll. c. Mj-ere, b. Casidy '•.*••, »
G. H. Ward, st. Lanjdale, . b. Coles...***" "'in
W. McXaughton, b. Kortlang ". ••••.• x
J. Farrell, c. Kortlangr, b. Coles ... " 1
A. B. Willis, c. and b. .Coles - i
F. Etahl, c. eub.. b. Kortlang.......; ]'"'" %
D. IT. Bird, b. Coles ,
W. 3. Richter, not out '...•....;...-. ; ****." i
Wide 1. leg: byes 2, byes 6 .* 9
Alameda Team Is Defeated for Third
Time This Season by "Wearers
of Black and Scarlet.
The Pacific cricket eleven met the Ala
meda team for the third time during the
present season and won the match by 21
runs after a most interesting struggle.
The Pacifies' victory is mainly attribut
able to B. Kortlang. who scored 72 runs
«.nd captured~five wickets. '
The Pacifies went first to the wickets
with Casidy and Coles, the former scor
ing 16 and the latter 2 runs. Kortlang
played a fine Innings, compiling 72 runs,
while J. J. Theobald and E. A. M. Lan
nowe contributed useful scores of 14 and
30 respectively. The innings closed for 152
runs. Harold Ward was the most suc
cessful Alameda bowler, capturing 4
wickets.
On going to bat the Alamedas made an
excellent start with Seebeck and Bert
Bird, who were not separated till 74 runs
had been registered. When the fifth
¦wicket had fallen the score was 122 and
victory seemed almost within the grasp
of the Alameda team. The last five bats
men compiled only 7 runs, with the score
at 12L Kortlang took 5 wickets for 52
runs. The full details follow:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
H. C. Casifiy. b. B. Bird. 16
C. P. Coles, b. P. Croll 2
B. Kortlanir. c. Fortmann, b. Etahl 72
J. Myers, b. Fortmann 5
B. T. Langflale, c Seebeck. b. Bird 6
T. Bennion, c. Richter. b. Farrell... 11
3. 2. Theobald, b. H. "Ward 14
W. Jamleeon. c. Farrell, b. Ward... 3
T. J. A. Tiedemann. c. Bird. b. Ward 0
J?. A. M. Lannowe. not out...... in
V. P. Sollom. b. -Word o
Wldee 2, leg byes 2, bye» 7 !*!"!!!! 11
PACIFIC CRICKETEBS
"WlUr FOURTH VICTORY
/ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, lb.. ....... 4 1?1 0..6,?. 0 1
Holly, rf...... ....>. 3 0 0 0 4\0 0
Parrott, cf .'..:¦ 1-; 1 0 0 0 - 0 '^0
Leahy, c. . :v ..-2 1 0 1-3 30
Shay, ss .........4 1 10 3 4 0
Shugart, 2b......... 4_ 0 1 0 5 2 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
Pete Lohman, /McCreedie, Devereaux
and Dunleavy had the batting to them
selves. The first two hammered out three
safe swats apiece and the last two four
each. McCreedie has made twelve hits in
the last four games -and will soon be the
leader of the league.
The game, though woefully one-sided,' did
not lack startling plays and lively inci
dents. Holly made a sensational catchJof
Lohman's hard drive to right field. In the
ninth, when the Ponies had the bases all
occupied,' Josh Rellly banged . one ¦ to ; left
that looked good for three bases.
Schmidt started to sprint and made
a great one-handed catch, shutting
off ' three ¦ runs. • McCreedie >¦ ¦ threw
Rellly out' from * right field .' in the
second. Poor Josh hit . the ; ball hard all
the time and was simply • robbed out . of
four clean swats. . Mohler and Devereaux
did the other stunts, by phenomenal
catches., The score: .
The game began like a pretty contest.
Two errors by the Oakland infield gave
the locals a tally the first shake-up. Oak
land began by gracefully hammering out
three In their half of the • first . and two
more hi the third. In the sixth, the long
brewing trouble boiled over and commenc
ed to bubble up, taking the form: of five
runs on four clean hits. It eased down in
.the next round, but was working overtime
in the eighth, when' the slaughter wag re
sumed with renewed activity, five more
circuits and five more safeties going to
"fatten the averages of the leaders. .
It would be an impossible task to inter
pret to the fans who were among the
missing how the commuters ever man
aged to put so many men over, the rubber.
It was simply a case of batting the little
white object all over. the lot whenever the
occasion seemed ripe for a few runs. They
generally came in bunches of . four, but
sometimes only, one was made, in order
to give those present a chance to think
about what might have happened had
•Ewing given the familiar high sign.
,g ... ASEBALL history repeated itself
__)) yesterday at Oakland and also at
""""^v the grounds on the flat. Oak
', tMS J^ land repeated its usual Sabbath
performances, making the
strengthened Ponies victims in two con
tests. These were written on the books
as ball games, but imprinted on the minds
of thousands of fans as slaughtering par
ties. It was an Oakland day from the
ring of the first bell: The results were:
Morning, 8 to 1; afternoon, 15 to 4.
The closing of the past week brings no
change .in the relative standing of , the
four clubs.* Oakland is still many leagues
to the good, while Los Angeles profited by
the weak condition of the Senators by in
creasing its hold on second place. The
Ponies,- by splitting evetl with the lead
ers-,' stand as they did last week. Sacra
mento is worse off than ever before, which
is a harsh thing to say, considering' the
few good points left to their credit.
Fully 8000 . ardent admirers of , baseball
occupied seats and standing room at Rec
reation grounds yesterday afternoon, hop
ing to see the locals hand the leaders a
package of disaster. It was not so, how
ever. Ewing's commuters began to take
many and varied rides on Chimmie Wha
len's kind offerings and after nine rounds
had been reeled off, fifteen Oakland celeb
rities had . done a quick step to home
while the bottom of the base hit column
footed up an. even twenty. .. :
The mysterious south-wing curve passer,
Bill Cristall, stood on the slab for Ewing.
The way he pitched ball and was support
ed by that peerless infield was marvelous.
Not a single hit was made off his deliv
ery for five Innings, when the old favor
ite, Nordyke, managed to push one. past
Devereaux. Chimmie Whalen secured a'
double in the eighth. In the final spasm,
the clever southpaw let down long enough
to allow three runs and a like quantity of
safe, wallops.
f OF THE CLUBS.
¦ / -, Played. "Won. Lost. Pet.
Oakland .56 39 17 '.690
Los Angeles 54 31 23 .574
San Francisco 55 28 27 :509
Sacramento . ...55 12 43 .218
The schooner May Francis fell foul of
the schooner yacht Chispa and snapped
the latter's bowsprit off short at the
band. The Chispa, however, with a single
headsail, was under way yesterday. The
yawl Phyllis cruised up to San Quentin
Saturday night and the sloop Queen to
the Petaluma drawbridge, both boats re
turning to their anchorage yesterday.
During the week a meeting of the sub
scribers to the fund for building The
Challenger, will be held,. at which it will
be decided what disposition is to be made
of her. It is possible she will be sold to
a partnership consisting. of W. G. Morrow
and some friends. James Kitterman, who
contributed largely to the construction
fund, is said to be in favor of the speedy
sloop being owned by the club •
The United States transport Rosecrans
and the tug Slocum created considerable
commotion among the yachts at Sausa
lito on Saturday, the former fouling the
sloop Halcyon and dragging her away
from her moorings. The yacht fortunate
ly escaped serious damage.
The Corinthian fleet was represented, by
the sloops Harpoon, Presto, Mischief, the
yawls Afcturus and Spray- and several
others. The flagship Thelma and the
sloop Jessie E of the California Yacht
Club dropped anchor in a cove near Cali
fornia City. The schooners Inter Kos
and Magic also brought large parties to
tho cove. The Challenger, with W. G.
Morrow, W. M. Edgell, A. G. A. Mueller,
R. M. Welch and others, cruised from
Sausalito to the city front, thence to Mis
sion Rock and Goat Island and thence to
the upper bay.
There was a large gathering of yachts
and yachtsmen yesterday in
Cove. The San Francisco Yacht Club
was represented by the flagship Thetis,
the sloop Surprise, the schooner Chispa,
the yawl Phyllis and the sloops Juanlta,
Anita, Halcyon, Rover, Queen, Alice and
The Challenger.
Many Speedy Craft Drop
Anchor in Paradise
Cove.
YACHTS GRU1SE
IN UPPERBAY
HAxxannn is a surprise.
The struggle was magnificent At this
inomont another surprise was given by
Maximum, which rushed forward and
seemed. to be overtaking the two leaders.
To see these three horses, their heads al
most together, fly past the post was thrill
ing, and the struggle called forth the
cheers of the crowd. Kizit-Kougan won
by a short head. The cheering continued,
although the victory was not a popular
one. Retz and Maximum ran a dead heat
for second place. Arizona was fourth, Al
varez fifth and Sceptre sixth, along dis
tance behind Alvarez. The owner of
Kizit-Kougan. M. de Stalyer, was
summoned by President Loubet and re
ceived the congratulations which are cus
tomary upon this occasion.
The betting— Kizit-Kougan 12 to L Retz
5 to 4, Maximum 25 to 1, Sceptre 3 to L
The contest for the Grand Prix was the
fourth in the series. A shower came just
before it was run, and resulted in the
opening of numberless umbrellas. Luckily
the rain ceased when the bell was rung
lor the start. In the preliminary canter
Sceptre naturally monopolized the atten
tion of the crowd. The filly's almost fault
less gTace and easy action excited^ the
greatest admiration. Counting Sceptre,
there were ten horses. These, with their
jockeys, were: Retz, Stern; Maximum,
Lane™ Kizit-Kougan, . Pratt; Arizona,
Thorpe; Olivarez, Watkins; Kakimono,
Maher, Rob Roy, Mclntyre; Astrome II,
Henry; Lognes. Reiff; Bahyrousouf, Rig
by.
The horses were sent away to a good
Etart at the first attempt. Arizona made
tin running and was followed by Kaki
mono, Lognes and Olivarez. Upon reach
ing the middle distance Retz took third
place. Kizit-Kougan send Sceptre were
together among the last horses which
turned into the slope. Retz then drew up
level with Arizona. Sceptre also made an
effort, to work up, but ' gained little
gTound, and falling behind was practical
ly out of the remainder of- the race. The
two leading horses turned together Into
the homestretch, and Stern whipped Retx
cbead. It was expected, this horse would
win easily, and the crowd began to cheer,
¦when Kizit-Kougan suddenly burst from
the group and went after Retz.
SCEPTBE IS AMIIBED.
American jockeys were not successful
in the contest. Six had mounts, but not
one of them secured even a place. Amer
icans at Liongchamps lost much money
on the horses ridden . by J. Reiff and
Henry. The former jockey was mounted
on Lognes. third favorite at odds of 8
to 1, and which finished last. Throughout
the day, however, the American riders
rode three winners, five seconds and two
thirds. "* '--'¦• ;
The racing began at 2 o'clock in the af
ternoon. The Prix du Armonville was
won by Lizette, J. Reiff up; Jacob, ridden
by Rlgby, was second, while, Nivermas,
ridden by Milton Henry, was third. The
Prix D'lspan, the next race, proved to be
a contest between Exema, ridden by
Thorpe, and Lemioche, Rigby up. The
former won.
The Prix du Castries, was won by
Klephite. Brunhaut, Reiff up, was second
and Kaleidoscope was third.
The Prix Vubianc .was won by Mavaron,
ridden by Thorpe; Redilla, Reiff up, was
second and Beverly, Henry up, was third.
The Prix Due d'Aoste was won by La
xnoree. La Lorelei, ridden by Henry, was
second, while Malkattan was third.
PARIS, June 13.— The Grand Prix de
Paris of 200,000 francs, distance about one
icile and seven furlongs, was won by .M.
E. Staryer's chestnut filly Kizit-Kougan.
Camille Blanc's colt Retz and Baron Le
cnino's colt Maximum ran a dead heat
for second place. M. de Stalyet'a colt
Arizona was fourth. . \^
Eleven horses ran.- The race was won
by a head. There was one and' a half
lengths between Retz and Maximum and
Arizona. R. S. Siever's filly. Sceptre.
Randall up, was never dangerous and ran
eixth.
English Filly Sceptre. Is
Sixth — American
Jockeys Win.
A Head Away, Two
Horses Run Dead Heat
for Place Honors.
GRAND PRIX WON
BY KIZIT-KOUGAN
THE SAN. TRMCISCO CALL,: MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1902.
To name, the horses. that will start in
the race is as hard a* task as it will be to
pick the winner on Saturday.' TThe' field
will undoubtedly number from ten to fif
teen horses. Some horses are. certain to
start In the race. First of these Is Heno,
the ¦ favorite. He Is looked upon as the
best type 6f three-year-old thoroughbred
that has appeared this season. Arsenal,
winner of the Metropolitan handicap, and
Hermis are Eastern horses that are
counted as sure to sport silk in the Der-
by.. Of the "Western contingent Cruzados,
"Lucky" Baldwin's candidate; McChes
ney, which has been an object of curios
ity all spring: because of his idleness;
Owenton, from .Lexington, Ky.; Wyeth,
the property of John A. Drake of Chi
cago, 'and Belle's Commoner are all ex
pected to start. Following is the list of
possible starters, with weight, jockey and
betting: , . .
6
HORSE.
Wl
¦ JOCKEY/
Odds.
s
Heno 122 McCu*... ) 3 to 1
Cruzados ¦ ....... 322' Ransom .... 5 to 1
•McChesney...... 122 Wlnkfield ... ¦ B'to 1
•Lord Quex 125 Birkenruth' . 5 to 1
Arsenal .X..... 122 OKTonnor ... 6 to 1
Hermls ..... 122 Wonderly ... 10 to 1
Owenton 122 Coburn ..... 15 to 1
Pentecost ..'..:.. 122- ....: 10 to 1
Wyeth"~. ..... 122 Lyne ".. 20 to 1
Abe Frank 125 1 20 to 1
Belle's Conunonr .122 -Knight ..... 30 to 1
Corrigran '.it 122 Ransch ..... 30 to 1
Otis ............. 127 Slngrleton ... 100 to 1
Waswift 122 100 toil
Aladdtn :.. 122 40 to'l
Lucien Appleby.. 122 Mead« 20 to 1
Red HooU 122 50 to 1
Prowl . .j-f. 122 75 to 1
J. V. Kifty 119 50 to 1
Jed 122 T. O'Brien .. 100 to 1
Oom Paul 119 20 to 1
South Trimble. . , 122 ; 30 to 1
•Hildreth entry. . .
is —
NAMES.
200 i ;
H. Summer
Musician Herman
H. P. Klinkner
K. Lawton
Corporal T. de Pay.
Sergeant S. Kin?
Corporal C. Lancaster...
19
0
17
O
19
21
18
8
Id
1-;
a
a
i.;
u
C. Smith
Corporal C. Orton'
15
14
8
0
Corporal L. Francis
J. Axtell •.
•19
is —
NAMES.
200 i ;
H. Summer
Musician Herman
H. P. Klinkner
K. Lawton
Corporal T. de Pay.
Sergeant S. Kin?
Corporal C. Lancaster...
19
0
17
O
19
21
18
8
Id
1-;
a
a
i.;
u
C. Smith
Corporal C. Orton'
15
14
8
0
Corporal L. Francis
J. Axtell •.
•19
HORSE.
Wl
¦ JOCKEY/
Odds.
s
Heno 122 McCu*... ) 3 to 1
Cruzados ¦ ....... 322' Ransom .... 5 to 1
•McChesney...... 122 Wlnkfield ... ¦ B'to 1
•Lord Quex 125 Birkenruth' . 5 to 1
Arsenal .X..... 122 OKTonnor ... 6 to 1
Hermls ..... 122 Wonderly ... 10 to 1
Owenton 122 Coburn ..... 15 to 1
Pentecost ..'..:.. 122- ....: 10 to 1
Wyeth"~. ..... 122 Lyne ".. 20 to 1
Abe Frank 125 1 20 to 1
Belle's Conunonr .122 -Knight ..... 30 to 1
Corrigran '.it 122 Ransch ..... 30 to 1
Otis ............. 127 Slngrleton ... 100 to 1
Waswift 122 100 toil
Aladdtn :.. 122 40 to'l
Lucien Appleby.. 122 Mead« 20 to 1
Red HooU 122 50 to 1
Prowl . .j-f. 122 75 to 1
J. V. Kifty 119 50 to 1
Jed 122 T. O'Brien .. 100 to 1
Oom Paul 119 20 to 1
South Trimble. . , 122 ; 30 to 1
•Hildreth entry. . .Olinto Dlanchlni^and Matteo Frances
chini became involved in a quarrel on Pa
cific Btreet, between Front and Davis, yes
terday and Dianchinl stabbed Frances
chlni ;wlth a pocket knife, inflicting two
wounds, one'on the right -side and the'
other below, the heart. - The injured man
hunted around' until he found an ax han
dle, with which ; he beat his assailant on
the head.. Dlanchlni then, retired -to his
room, where a i doctor ' sewed . up the
wounds l : and '• Franceschlni was taken to
the Harbor Hospital.. , ;.
Stabbed on Pacific Street.
She said the boy had been struck by an
Ellis street car last Monday and received
a severe blow on the head. He had been
taken to St. Joseph's Hospital for treat
ment. Yesterday morning she went there
to visit him and found him missing. She
spent the day searching for him, . and
was - overjoyed when ' she found ¦ him at
the city. prison. , He did not recognize her
and It was apparent that he was suffer
ing from some serious injury to his
brain.- His mother took him. home with
her and will return him to the hospital
to-day. . ' . , - ¦
Estes Jones, 10 years of age, living at
391 Eddy street,, was picked up on the
water front last night by Policeman O'Cal
lahan. The boy's . head '> was swathed • in
bandages and he could give no coherent
account of himself. Shortly after he had
been taken to the city prison his mother
arrived in search of him' and she gave
an explanation of his condition.
Opera Singer Killed by a Car.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 15.— Arthur
Underwood of Boston, a prominent mem
ber of the Castle Square Opera Company,
playing an engagement in this city, wai
struck and killed to-night by a street car
at the corner of Euclid and Austin ave
nues.
PORTLAND, Or., June 15.— Harry Tracy
and David Merrill, the convicts who es
caped from the Oregon penitentiary a
week ago, after killing- * three guards,
crossed the Columbia river to-day and
went into the State of Washington. They
are now more than sixty miles away from
the Oregon penitentiary and are in the
vicinity of Merrill's heme, in Clarke coun
ty. Wash. They were hunted by bloou
hounds and a posse of 200 men, including
three companies of militia, for four days,
but for the past two days the fugitives
have been allowed to travel unmolested,
the organized hunt having been given up
last Friday night.
This morning word came that two
horses and a wagon had been stolen from
Kandall's farm, near Oregon City, fifteen
miles south of this city, and that It was
vbelieved Tracy and Iderrill took them.
Flbout 4 o'clock this afternoon - Charles
'Holtgrieve, a farmer, living on the Co
lumbia River, about six znfles from this
city, rode into town and announced that
iie had rowed Tracy and Merrill across
the Columbia River shortly after noon.
HOLD UP FIVE MEN.
They landed on the Washington shore
about five miles above Vancouver and
started for the mountains north of there.
Before reaching the Columbia two sloughs
had to be crossed, and the fugitives held
up a man at each crossing, compelling
him to procure a boat and take them
across. They took the two men with them
to the Boltgrieve ranch, where they found
three others.
They made all five men get into the boat,
Tracy and Merrill occupying the stern,
¦with a rifle In their hands. When the
Washington shore was reached they or
dered their boatmen to return Immediate
ly to the Oregon shore,
As soon as the news reached this city.
Detectives Day and Kerrigan and Sheriff
Cook of Clackamas County set out for
Vancouver, where they were joined by
Sheriff J. Lu Marsh of Clarke County,
Wash., and about twenty men. The posse
etarted northeast, hoping to head off the
lugitives before they reach the mountains.
Merrill was born in Clarke County and
has lived there and In Cowlitz County
most of his life. He is thoroughly fami
liar with the country in the two counties,
a large portion of which Is a veritable
jungle. If the fugitives succeed in reach
ing the mountains there will be a slim
chance of capturing them. /
TALKS WITH THE CONVICTS.
A telephone message received from Van
vouver. Wash., at 11:30 o'clock to-night
eaid that Tracy arl)3. Merrill were met by
Ralph Leiser, who was riding a bicycle,
about five miles from there. Leiser said
that he talked with the men and that
they eaid they were the fugitives wanted.
Turnstile Records Show Phenomenal Attendance Dur=
ing First Afternoon and Evening.
C^ AKLAND, June 15.— Twenty-five
V thousand people surged through
H the Elks' Fair grounds yester
f day and last night. How did
—^ they all get there, people of
the crowd asked, and whence
did they all come? "No matter where
they came from," various Elks reply,
"they were there and we brought them,
even if we never dreamed there would bo'
such a crowd in the whole week.
Never before in Oakland's history did
sa many people as gathered last night oc
cupy the same space at the same time.
As some one said in the thick of it, if
they had been sardined they couldn't
have been packed any closer. If you got
your hands up you couldn't have got
them down, and if you had them down
you wouldn't have wanted to get them
up. It would have been a bad place for
a highwayman to have said "Hands up}"
because nobody would have acquiesced,.
even at the pistol's point.
The crowd was very good-natured, too.
It was tickled, seemingly, at having been
surprised. It was pleased because It got
a good deal more than It gave. It said i
fine things about the arrangements and
complimented the Elks' management
SUPER VISORS OF PLACER . >
WILL TALK OF "HOPPERS"
AUBURN, June 15.— The Supervisors of
Placer County will meet to-morrow to
take action in conjunction with the Sac
ramento Supervisors relative to the grass
hopper raid at Roseville. Adolph Schno
bel, one of the largest orchard owners
In the infested section, says he fears but
little damage, while, on the other hand,
C. W. Threlkeld, a large vineyardlst, says
he has lost 3000 vines already. Tho people
are thoroughly aroused, but the District
Attorney will advise the Supervisors that
they have no jurisdiction. Most people
believe it within the province of the
County Board of Horticulture, but that
body has refused to assume the responsi
bility of burning the infested pasture
land. ¦ , > ' . f »
TAILS TO. RECOGNIZE
] HIS ANXIOUS MOTHER
Most,, liberally patronized* among the
concessions was the Elks' country store.
Everybody ' bought a consignment at the
store and a throng was' about it all the
time, waiting to get a surprise package.
Ten cents bought a number and the num
ber corresponded with a package and the
package became the purchaser's. The
parcels contained • many strange things,
some of them quite extraordinary. They
might be anything from a plow to a
ELKS' STOBE THE THING.
The spectacle was likened by many peo
ple to a picture of the past— the Midwin
ter Fair. And the show, with its fantas
tic scenes and bizarre effects, did make
tills fair look like a miniature to its by
gone predecessor.
There were a thousand temptations for
the prodigal, and to shut the ear to the
importunities of the sirens of the Midway
was an Impossible feat. Money was of
little value anyway. The man with hla
wife and babies and the fellow with hin
girl were alike improvident. They took
In and were taken in by everything that
came along. If one show didn't meet the
fancy, why, they just passed on to the
next and said, "It's only .10 cents; what's
the difference?" ' : '.
School building two great searchlights
sent their uncanny eyes peering into the
secrets and recesses of the crowd.
Shooting- at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, June 15.— Many marks
men visited Schuetzen Park to-day to est
their skill at the shooting butts. The San
Francisco Turners l field their regular
monthly point shoot;* the San Francisco
Grutli Shooting Section a bullseye shoot,
and the Verein Kintract Shooting Section
and California Schuetzen Club also held
regular monthly bullseye shoots.
California Schuetzen Club fcullseye shoot:
G. Tammeyer - 425. F. A. Schrumpf 402, ¦ A.
Mocker. 824. H. Enger 902. F. Bertlescn (ca
det) 2598. John Horstmann 469, H. Soldmann
408. J. C. AValler 1570, J. Utschlg 474, F.
Hiede 15S5, A. Hampel 065, V Bremer (cadet),
1324. A. vorr TVyl 1100. C. Zlmmermann 1824,
E. Englander 1464. F. Kuhnle 332, L. Rink
903. A.. Bertelsen 22C2, G. Rlchmlller Jr. 1245,
C Sagehorn 025. A. Bertelsen (cadet) 1069 W
Ehrenpfort 102S.O. Bjirmeleter 1527, G.Rich-
everywhere for the almost perfect ap
pointments.
The facilities for getting icto the
grounds were about as complete as human
ingenuity could make them. In* spite of
the impatient thousands knocking for ad
mission through the imposing gateway on
Eleventh street, there was no crowding,
no pushing, no mauling. The ticket of
fices out on the street provided tickets as
fast as two doze/i hands could pass them
out, and then a half-dozen turnstiles,
with their capacldus maws wide open, de
voured the tickets and ticket-holders. In
this way 25,000 people got into the grounds
during the day.
BRILLIANT ILLITMINATION.
The taste displayed in the lighting ef
fects and their extent were sources of
wonder to everybody. Myriads of incan
descent lights shed their rays upon the
heads of the multitude. They studded
thickly the arch covering' the main gate
way. They climbed to the tops of tall
flagpoles. They outlined buildings. From
massive white pillars equidistant about
the grounds they hung In troops and fes
toons. Out of the trees and beneath run
ning waters white and colored lights
peeped and nodded a welcome to the vis
itor. The half-shell of the band Btand
was brilliant with light. From the dome
of the Chabot Observatory and the High
miller Sr. 1090, C. Peach 1233, A.Gehret 217,
W. Blasse 1820, A. Rahwyler 872, A. Strecker
859, H. Scheunert 769. - F. Ottinger 1615 J.
Straub 2337, *O. Bremer 400. R. Langer 167,; J.
Bachmann 1215, C. Mayer 867, D. B. Faklor
847. C. M. Rasseau 2123, H. C. Hagerup 1441,
D. W. McLaughlln 1090. W. Nolden 1525 W.
Blaise 113, A. Utschig 557, A. Jungblut 2036,
F. C. Mason 245, W. B. Balbu (cadet) 1954 T.
J. Carroll 1882. V
San Francisco Turn Verein shooting section
point shoot: Fred Klatrel, 153-105; F. J. Kihn,
101-153; C. Tammeyer, 220-200; C. Sagehorn,
386-172; F. Schrumpf, 180-178; H. Enger, 191
220; C. Abraham, 124-89; O. Burmelster, 181
213; F. Attinter, 189-184; C. Peach, 170-180; J.
Straub, 160-146; C. Neilsen, 190-160; Captain F
Krummer, 178-147; A. Utschlp, 103-164; C.
Krause, 99-07. Drum corps — F. Knukel, 172
173; c. Schamloffel, 146-148; W. Bchmalzlln
170-190; B. Jonas. 100-205. •
Verein Eintracht Shooting Section, bullseye
shoot— 1, F. Eggerling: 2, J. Zahn; 3, C.
Euhrstedt; 4. A. Stroh; 5, L. Schmidt: 0, "W.
Ruhsn; 7. C. von Halting; 8, F. C. Hagerup;
0, E. L. Riemenschneider; 30, O. Vogel; 11, J.
Rofcer. • . ¦.•¦¦•;•:¦
-^San Francisco Grutll Shooting Section, bulls
rye shoot— First, I. Brugger; second, A. von
Wyl; third, Ed Suter: fourth, J. Bachmann;
fifth, J". A. Horstmann; sixth, A. Gehret ; sev
enth, F. Werlen; eighth, F. Baumgarten.
The Grutlls announced medal winners
for best shots made during the past year
In the championship class,' A. Gehret
made the three highest scores, 461, 453 and
445, or a total of 1359. First class, A Streu
der scored 421, 396 and 292, a total of 1201
Second class, Thomas Slmmin scored 393*
3S9 and 391.. Third class, O. Imdorf scored
372, 354 and 328. The winners for the best
bullseyes during the year of • 1901-02 to
date were announced' as follows:- O.
Imdorf, three times; F. Baumgarten,'
twice ; Carl Gut, j twice ; I. . Beugger, once;
A. ; Gehret, once; G. R. Hauser, once;
Charle3 Ott, once; A, Hermann, once.
A.- P. .'¦ SmileyV the White Highbinder, will
officiate 'as Grand Marshal. St. ; Clalr .. Hodg
klns and . platoon • of police will look r out • for
public safety. - ; , The arrangement of the parade
will be about as follows — If not otherwise:
1. St. Clair Hodgklns. Chief of Police.
2. Platoon of Police.
.' 3. Band.v * ' ; / • • i • •.
4. King /Carnival — Director General* Max
Schlcuter. '*&B3Smkwl!BKSB&£lii&&
' Watch for — His/ Royal Highness, - King Car
nival;, the Real Rube Band,- the Ballet Rough
Riders, the Wedding ¦. Party. Uncle Josh and
Bill Jones, Funny > Clowns, Dancing Girls,', ther
Elephant, the Bear, tho Amazon, the Next
Century Auto and 250 other attractions. v
Fun for all and all for fun. ¦ . '
Oakland Lodge: No. 171. B. P. O. E., and
visiting brothers will have full sway. •
Their 'great novel/ fantastic and grotesque
parade starts at 7:45 p. m. "fiharp.-/ , • .
JUNE 16— ELKS' NIGHT.
The Elks will have charge of the pro
gramme to-morrow evening. They will
nave a , parade full of unique - features,
and it Is boasted that nothing like it has
ever been 'planned before. It will be fun
from beginning to end and the surprises
will be many. The parade. will move over
the usual route and will terminate in tho
fair grounds.
The following official announcement
gives an idea of what will be attempted:
GREAT GROTESQUE PARADE.
The police arrangements were in har
mony with the rest of the fair's manage
ment and the Elks' county jail was over
crowded most of the day. Policemen go
out and grab a man for walking on the
grass— a very difficult thing to keep off of
—arid hale him off to the bastlle, where
ho either pays a fine or stays until he
does. Policemen are liable to grow
alongside of you for the slightest infrac
tion. /
Delicious luncheons are being served by
the ladies of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in their" booth, which
has, been made to look .like a bower in
the wood. The booth to-morrow will be
in charge of Mrs. T. C. Judklns, Mrs.
Henry Bull, Mrs. R. B. Thompson, Mrs.
H B. Mehrmann, Mrs. W. A. Shrock,
Mrs. F. W. Morse, Mrs. J. S. Emery, Mrs.
George C. Pardee. Mrs. Irving C. Lewis,
Mrs. Charles S. Chamberlain, Miss Pennl
mann, the Misses Kurtz and Miss White.
• Piedmont" Sulphur Springs is repre
sented by/ one of the prettiest exhibits on
the grounds. Great rocks from the hills
have been piled high and down their
sides trickle tiny streams of water. ; A
hollow in the face of one of the bowlders
is filled with water restrained by a plate
of glass, behind which colored lights play
upon golden fish.- The whole is inclosed
by a canopy of limbs and greens.
On the Midway there Is a grand display
of spellers and other monstrosities. The
three-legged cow, the hirsute girl, the
pedal penwoman, the snake-charmer, the
lion tamer, the contortionist and the tali
man all vie for the favor of the crowds.
The spieler spits out in a mongrel voice
the various attractive attributes of his
show, and the victim pays 10 cents, "or
one dime," to have his curiosity satiated.
It is all very pleasing and the crowd is
satisfied .with the Midway.
EVEN T^E JAIL . IS FITLL.
crochet needle. \ The store kept a dozen
clerks handing out the things. Charles J.
HeesemanMs at the* head of this /feature.
The Reliance circus was overburdened
with people seeking admission' to its. per
formances. The end of the day showed
receipts from 1500 people for -five per
formances. It is worth a good deal more
than the price of admission, too, this
circus, and the separation from his dime
brings no regrets from ' the spectator.
There is a slack wire "turn," a double
trapeze act, juggling, club swinging,
tumbling and bare-back riding and all
other doings that a modern circus is heir
to. The committee in charge consists of
Captain Fred Elsey, Charles Elsey Jr.,
Louie A. Lefever, Paul T. Carroll, Phil H.
Rosenheim, Ed" J. Smith, Fred Winter,
Walter Cole and J. M. Jellett. Club
Superintendent Walter B. Fawcett is
general manager.
The Elks have on- exhibition a parent
elk of the dumb variety— a monarch of
the forest. He was killed in Washington
several years ago and is supposed to have
been ' the largest elk ever slain. He
weighs 900 pounds. His wife and two
children are with him. You pay 10 cents
to see them and get a glass of soda water
thrown in.
Grotesque Parade Promises to Be
a Great Spectacle.
6. San Jose Lodge No 522 B. P. O E.— Hot
Stuff.
, 6. Stockton Lodge No. 218 B. P. O. E. — Hot
ter Stuff.
7. Sacramento Lodge No. 328, B. P. O. E. —
Pepper Sauce.
8. Chico Lodge No. 423, B. P. O. E.—Ta
basco. .
9. Vallejo Lodge No. 550. B. P. O. E.— -Will
Catch-Up. •
10. Santa Rosa Lodge No. WS, B P. O. E.
Spanish.
It. Fresno Lodge No. 430. B. P. O. E. — Dif
ferent from All. . ¦
12. Salinas Lodge No. 614, B. P. O. E. — Just
Ripe.
13. San Francisco Lodge No. 3. B. P. O. B. —
Something Awful.
14. Oakland Lodge No. 171, B. P. O E A
Perfect Fright.
15. Something, we cannot say now.
Costumes after 10 a. m. at 1010 Washnigton
street. All tum»out. D. A. SINCLAIR,
Chairman Parade Committee. .
General Order No. 1.
By order of King Carnival members of Oak
land Lodge No. 171. and visiting Elks are here
by notified to assemble at Elks' Hall thla 16th
day of June, 1902. at 7 o'clock sharp, there to
await the further order of his "Royal High
ness the King." , This order Is imperative"
A. P. SMILEY. "Grand Mogul,"
Elks' Night Parade.
Line of march: Broadway, Washington
street and any old place.
LION CRUSHES AHM.
Cld Circus Man Is Attacked by En-
raged Animal.
' OAKLAND, June 16.— William J. Clay,
an employe of the trained lion concession
at the Elks' Fair, almost had his arm bit
ten off by one of , the lions to-night.
Clay was feeding the lions and doing
hla usual work about the cages, when
one of the animals, . with a snarl, snapped
at him. His left arm waa within the cage
at the time and the lion caught it fairly
between his teeth, Inflicting two ugly
wounds where the Jaws closed over the
arm, lacerating and crushing the flesh.
Clay was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where it was found necessary to
take nine stitches in one of the bites and
five in the other.
The wounds were specially treated In
order to prevent poisoning. The doctors
say that the only danger now is from
blood poisoning, but that the wonder is
that Clay did not lose his arm.
Clay is an old-time circus and men
agerie man and has traveled with wild
animal shows for thirty years.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— The Navy
Department does not Intend to be caught
napping, as' it was when the war with
Spain was declared. =It. is proposed not
only to place the nation's warships in
the highest state of efficiency* so they
may be immediately ready for active ser
vice should the emergency arise, but to
prepare still further the coast defenses
to withstand the entrance of any hostile
fleet into ports of the United States.
Two orders which have been issued by
he Navy Department disclose what im
portant work the general board of tho
navy has been engaged in of late.. These
orders read: 3- ' ; ~ *j'^\
"Rear Admiral P. H. Cooper is placed
in charge of preparations for war in the
district extending from Chatham Light,
Cape Cod, to Barnegat Light, N. J."
"Rear Admiral L. Kempff is ordered to
San Francisco, Cal., to take charge of
preparations for war in the Pacific
Coast district, extending from Puget
Sound to the. Mexican border."
The general scheme for the defensive
measures has been prepared by the gen
eral naval board, details of which hay*
been left to these officers to work out.
The coast line, according to the general
plan, is to be divided into four districts
for naval defense, just as was done dur
ing the Spanish war. One district will
comprise the whole Pacific Coast, whir»
the others will cover the Atlantic and
Gulf States. The two to which officer*
have been assigned will be used as models.
They will be thoroughly organized before
attention is given to the others. In addi
tion a thorough understanding will be
reached with the different States whereby
the naval reserves will know in advance
what is expected of them should war be
declared against the United States.
It is contemplated also that the army
shall co-operate with the navy, since the
War Department controls the coast de
fenses, whose employment necessarily
must be in harmony with the operations
of the naval forces. .Already the mili
tary authorities have expressed a desire
for full co-operation with the navy.
Captain Randolph, chief of the artillery
corps, has Invited the joint participation
of the army and navy in a mimic war
that is to be waged off Long Island dur
ing the summer. The details for the
scheme for defense, of course, will be
kept secret. .
Soeclal Dlscatch to The Call.
Tracy and Merrill Now
in the State of
- - Washing-ton. - p
THESE IL,L,^TRATIONS GIVE A SLIGHT IDEA OF THE BEAUTY
AND MAGNITUDE OF THE ELKS' FAIR IN OAKLAND, WHICH IS
DRAWING PEOPLE FROM ALL PARTS OF THE STATE.
Will Be Strengthened as
Though Fleet's Guns
Threaten.. -
CONVICTS CROSS
COLUMBIA HHER
On the Columbia target his score reads.
1-5-1-3-2-3-1-4-6-4-50.
The previous record was 31, made by
Thomas Anderton, at Walnut Hill. Mass.
A. J. Brannagan tied the club record with
the revolver, scoring 35. The other scores
follow:
Rifle. 200 yards— A. H. Pape. 43, 50. £2; F*. '
O. Young. 53; H. Hlnkle. 80; Dr. Twist, 135. .
139; E. A. Allen. 157; I. Chapman, 202.
Rifle, 3-Ebot scores — F. O. Youn«r. 8, 10, 11,
12. 12. 14. 15. 16, 16, 18; A. H. Pape, 9. 10.
io j3 jjj j^
""Pistol. '50 rarfls — G. M. Barley, 42, 44, 48;
F. O. Touns, 43, E2, 54, 54.
t Revolver. 50 yards— lu. c. Hinkle. 30, 43. 48.
»'.0, 43. 52. 53, 55. K5, 57; A. J. Brannagan.
*55, 4S. 50. 02. 52; F. O. Your.g, 44, 51. 55. 66. 60.
22-rine, 50 ysj-Am—G. M. Daiss. 18, 19. IB. 20.
SI, 21, 24. 20, 2'J; Dr. J. F. Twist. 19, 20, 21.
21. 22, 23. 21. 26; A. H. Pape, 23.
I*. C. Hlnkle of Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club Is credited with having estab
lished a new, world's record yesterday
with a revolver. .»; •.:*..
NEW BEVOLVEB RECORD
IS CLAIMED FOR HHTKLE
At an early hour this morning Emmet
Pesoza, a Mexican, was found lying on
the sidewalk at Eleventh . and Railroad
avenues, South San Francisco, with a bul
let wound in his stomach. He' was found
by two boys and at the time he was con-
? cl0U t:,c Iie was ren ioved at once to Mc-
I^'ughlins drug store, where everything
possible was done for his relief. While
he was at the drug store he was ques
tioned as to the shooting, but refused to
make a statement, shortly lapsing Into
unconsciousness.
The shooting is shrouded In mystery.
Ivo one in the neighborhood of Eleventh
and Kailroad avenues heard the shot
fired. Owing to the lateness of- the hour
.jMithing could b« learned concerning Pe-
Trza s whereabouts previous to the time
he was found on the sidewalk by the
boys. The boys were not able to give the
fclightest information. They said that they
were on their way home when they made
the discovery.
Pesoza was subsequently removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital.- where
an examination of the wound in his stom
ach was made. The injury Is very serious
and it is feared that if he does not suc
cumb to the shock and the loss of blood,
blood poison will set in.
Subsequently the police- arrested Joseph
Guadaloupe of 1222 Fourteenth avenue.
South, on suspicion of being the man
who shot Pesoza. He was taken to the
Seventeenth Street Station by Officer
O'Coimell. Guadaloupe is the stepfather
of Pesoza.
COAST DEFENSE
ON WAR FOOTING
Mrs. Skinner is the wife of r>. E. Skin
ner, president of the Federal Salt Com
pany of San Francisco. It was known
that one of the horses driven to-day was
a dangerous animal, but Mrs. Skinner*
being herself an expert horsewoman, al
ways liked to drive behind spirited horses
and told her friends there was no danger.
William Eden, a local undertaker, v»
driving- along; at the time and ran to the
rescue of the lady. He succeeded in stop
ping the runaway horses and assisted tho
coachman in getting Mrs. Skinner from
under the wreckage. She was unconscious
and badly cut about the head and body.
Eden drove back to the. almshouse and
telephoned to Dr. Wickman of this city.
William Jones, the poorfarm manager,
hitched up his team and spring wagon
In the meantime and the injured lady way
brought to her home in this city. It waa
found by the physician that one of her
limbs was broken in two places. Her body
was badly bruised also and it is feared
that she has suffered internal injuries.
Her recovery Is doubtful. .
Several physicians are in consultation
to-night and everything possible Is being
done to allay her suffering. Her child was
slightly bruised. O'DonneU, the coach
man, was severely cut about the head and
arms and is also suffering from sever©
bruises. ".
SAN RAFAEL.. June - 13.— Mrs. £>. E.
Skinner had a narrow escape from deattL
to-day in a runaway accident and to-night
is in a precarious condition.
Mrs. Skinner and her little boy -went
out riding about 9;30 this morning in d.
trap , drawn by two horses and handle*!
by her coachman. John CDonnell. The*
animals were fractious at the start, but:
after traveling several miles ' became less*
nervous. The accident occurred on the?
boulevard between this city and the coim
ty almshouse, where the read Is quit*
circuitous and narrow in ' places. Tha
horses were traveling at a. slow trot when
a rabbit jumped out of the brush from,
the side, of the road and frightened the
cno on fhe oft side.
The horse jumped clear over the pola
of the trap and so frightened the other
horse that they both tried to run off.
Being unable to get away they wheeled
quickly and overturned the trap, throwing
the occupants viol«ntly to the ground.
Mrs. Skinner fell underneath the vehicle
and her child, a boy about four years old.
landed on the side of the road. The coach
man was also caught by the overturned!
rig. The animals being thoroughly fren
zied, by this time dragged the trap along
the road and Mrs. Skinner beneath it. .
Sseclal DIsoatch to The CalL
Distance Before Being-
Rescued.
She Is Dragged a Considerable
. Refuses to Tell Who Wound
ed Him and Then Be
comes Unconscious.
Emmet Pesoza Found
Shot and Dying
in Street.
Mrs. D. E. Skinner Caught
Under Overturned
Trap.
MYSTERY VEILS
NIGHT TRAGEDY
BADLY INJURED
IN A RUNAWAY
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1902.
TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND PEOPLE PASS
INTO ELKS' FAIR ON THE OPENING DAY
C
7
POSTTJM CEBEAL.
HOW I® YOTXR X/EVEjIfc^
For Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach. Sk* HeadaclM,
Olddiness, Fulness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold China,
Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costlveness, Blotches on the Skin,
Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, &c IM
Flpot Doao will give Relief In Twenty Miniates. This is no fiction. Every
; JutteVer UttTrnTstlyTnvlted to try one Box offhese Mils, and they will be acknowled»«l
to be "WORTH A GUINEA A BOX." BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as *«***> J""«
quickly restore Females to complete health. They promptly remove any obstruction or
Irregularity of the system. For a , .
Weak Stomach; Impaired Digestion; Disordered Liver
they *ct like magic-a few doses will work wonders cpon the Vital Organs r Strengthen-
ing the muscular system; restoring the long-lost Coniplexion; bnnginxbacktlie keen
edge of appetite, and arousing with the Rosobud of Health th&
Energy ot the human frame. These are "facts" admitted by thousands, inaU classe*
ofsocieV, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and "DeWhtated is that
Beecham'o Pills havo tho largest Salo of any Patent Medieino In tltm
T Worlds Full directions with each box. • -
Prepared only by THOMAS BEECH AM, St. Helens, Eng.,and365 Canal St.,New York.
Sold Everywhere, in Boxes, 10 cents and 25 cents* ±
CATCHING.
The Coffee Habit Breeds Trouble.
It is quite commonly the case that both
hu&band and wife are somewhat similarly
troubled with coffee drinking.
A lady writes and, after giving descrip-
tion of her husband's relief from, coffee
dyspepsia and general nervous trouble,
ears: "I was almost as bad as he, having
the headache nearly every day, and was
nervous and tveak, did not sle'ep well, was
pale and thin and had a bad complexion.
"When I found how much good
Postum Coffee was doing husband I con-
cluded to use it and I tell you life is al-
together a different thing. I eat and
Elcep well and look like a different \ro-
xnan. My usual weight for ' years was
from 98 to 100 pounds. I now weigh 10S
pcunds and every one tells me how much
better I am looking.
"I had some friends who did not like
Pottum, but knowing it was because they
did not boil St long enough I made some
at their house one day, and they agree
•with me that Postum is a delicious bev-
erage, s.r.d while, of course, the flavor and
'saste Is pleasing and we are glad Postum
<5oe5 suit us Uiart way, the great advan-
tage Is in the wonderful, bounding health
t hat we have recovered." Name given
fc/ Postum Co., Iiattle Creek, Mich.THE SAN", FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1902.
8
HELP WAMTEP— FEMALE— Cow. -
'A CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, • $25;
houeegirl; 2 in family, $30; second girl, $25;
•• ranch cook, $:50; - boarding-house cook. - $35;
-^housekeeper, $12 to $15;- woman, with child
,.^to cook In a small boarding-house, $25; cook,
$30; 100 girls for - housework, wages.
MRS. NORTON,. 313. Sutter st.
$4 60^-HAIRDRESSING, " manicuring, ; mas-
<" sage,' . hair work taught in 2 weeks;, positions
< guaranteed in stores and yrith private cus-
tomers, $50 and $75 per month; class day
. and evening. College 233 Geary St.. rs. 13-15.
PACIFIC College, 123C Market st, r. 94— Halr-
. work.- hairdresslng. - marcel wave, manlcur-
: Ing,' massage, etc. ; positions guaranteed ; - $12
' to $35 wk.; day, eve. classes; course "1 wks.,$5.
SOCIETY woman can make appreciable addi-
. tion to her income by. introducing high class.
. toilet preparations among her friends. Ad-
dress Confidential, box 1062.' Call office.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only two
months required; special offer this month;
halrdreEBing taught 1 in four weeks; catalogus
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED operators on 'silk and wool
¦ waists; good pay: steady work. San Fran-
1 clsco Mfg. Co.. 523 Market st. - *
WANTED — A competent- German nurse .giii
. for two girls, 8 and 5 years old; must have
city references. Address H... P. O. box 2685.
A BRIGHT, well educated woman of pleasing
. manners, to Interview customers and take
_orders. For interview, address box 1049. Call.
OPERATORS — Experienced, also learners; paid !
" while learning. G. W. fSWTNOLDS CO.. I
muslin underwear factory, 597 Missn.,.cor. 2d.
WANTED — Competent and neat ' German or \
French girl for cooking and housework in
¦ small faniily; good wages. Box 1065,. Call.
WANTED-^-Experienced presser on ladles' wool
and - silk waists.- San Francisco Mfg. Co.,
523 Market st. ¦ ¦ '. „¦ -
WOMAN accustomed to handling country trade;
must have fair education and business train-
. Ing. Box 1024, Call office. : .
WILL teach a few- smart girls on ladies' silk
" and woolen waists; good pay; steady work.
SAN FRANCISCO MFG. CO.. 523 Market st.
BUTTONHOLE makers and finishers on coats.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
YOUNG girl foi/general housework, small fam-
ily, $20; new/lower flat 2065 Bush «t
WANTED— Waitresses, variety theater, coun-
' . try; fare paid. Box 1054, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, care for -1 child and
light housework.- 621 Sacramento st.
iO WOMEN for concert hall. Southern Califor-
nia. Call 233 Powell, room. 5; hours 2 to 5.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework;
good home; light work; $15. 3C74 Sixteenth.
EXPERIENCED operators and . finishers on
gents' white shirts. 535 Valencia st
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles' wrappers^
skirts, etc. ; work home. 338 Fell st - -
GIRLS for road show. Address box 1028. Call'
. office.. -
MILLINERY, thorough -course. $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room. 13.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
BON & CO.. 535 Market st. '
WANTED — Finishers on coats. 8. N. 'WOOD
& CO.. 27_Geary st
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements. and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. » * /
.. ''¦'HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. : HANSEN & CO.'S. .... .429 Bush St.
....Between Kearny st. and Grant ave
ATTENTION ...
ATTENTION
.... A Suecial . Shipment To-day
No Offlce Ffce........... v No Offlce Fee
No Offlce Fee...; v .....Free Fare
i Costs You Nothing — Go To-day .... '
¦ 2 carloads teamsters.. R. . R. work
£ carloads laborers. ......... R. R. work
a carloads concrete tnen K. R. work
2 carloads tunnelmen
......:... .For Nevada •¦ and Utah. . .........
Wages $2, $2 25, $2 50, $3 a day
Boss here:..... : Boss here
Come one................. Come all
. .'. ... . .FOR CHATS WORTH PARK. . . .....
500 tunnelmen, drillers/ headers and muck-
ers. *2 to $3 a day
Free Fare.. Ship Dally Free Fare
50 laborers, near city, $2 a day; 50 men for
sawmill 'and woods. $35 and found; 3 car-
penters. R. R. camp, $3 a day and f rea
fare; farmers, milkers, choremen and otheis,
$25 to $35 and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...... w..
Chef cook, country hotel, $70; second cookst
broilers and fryers, $40 to $70; cook for R.
R. camp, Nevada, $bO and .free fare; laun-
drymen, polishers, starchers and plain laun-
drymen, $35 and $40, for resorts and springs;
2 neat young men to carry oft dishes and
learn waiting, $25: help hall waiter, $25, and
assistant porter, $25, for the springs; dish-
washer, $30, for the springs; baker, country
sjiop, $50; head waiter for cafe, south, $100;
( head waiter, country, $40; kitchen steward,
country hotel, $40 to $50; pantryman for re-
sort, $35;. 20 dishwashers, kitchen hands and
others, $20 to $30; ,2 old men for a few
hours' work each day.......
C. R. HANSEN- & CO 429 Buah st
......Between Kearny and Grant ave. .....
........... .\ .. . ATTENTION
', ........... ATTENTION
..-.. A SPECIAL SHIPMENT TO-DAY ....
, No Office Fee .. ; No Office Fee
No Offlce Fee ....».'. .:.; ...Free Fare
Cost You Nothing Go To-Day
, 2 Carloads Teamsters R. r. Work
S 2 Carloads Laborers-. R. R* Work
2 Carloads Concrete Men.\. R. R.' Work
2 Carloads Tunnelmen ' I ....
....... FOR NEVADA AND UTAH
Wages $2. $2 25. $2 50. $3
Boss Here Here
Come One . r. ; Come All
C. R. HANSEN & CO.". 429 Bush st
(Between Kearny st. and Grant ave.)... '.
AT THE CAL. E JfP. AGENCY. 59 Third st
... .Teamsters : and. laborers* for railroad
..TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free . fare ..... : Free fare
......Offlce fee $1; no other expenses
100 teamsters ...$2 25 to $2 . r >0 per day
100 rockmen .......'.$2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE .........FREE FARE
Mendoclno County .Big sawmill
50 railroad laborers.. $26 per month and board
12 sawmill and ¦ woodsmen
-••• $26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY. . . . .FREE FARE
10 men for haying ..'.. . .
• - - -$1 25 to $1 50 per day and board
10 harvest hands ..$2 per day and board
_20 fruit pickers. $1 to.$l 25 per day and board
¦ 2 sack sewers.. $2 per day and board
Man and wife for general' ranth work, wife
to cook for 8 men. steady year round. $55..
20 . teamsters and laborers, near city
¦ ••¦S- .$1 50 per day and board
• 5 carpenters', helpers... ....\..-.. $2 per day
3 carpenters, country . . ', ..... $3 50 per day
10 lumber pliers, sawmill... .-.-'
. V.....;. $40 per month and board
Brakeman. sawmill-. ............. .$2 per day
2 head setters ....-..:........... .$3 per day
20 woodsmen.. $40 to $60 per month and board
5 muckers, gold mine. . . : .$2 25 per day
' 4 smelter n>en.. .:... ...$72 per. month
. Blacksmith helper/mine, horseshoar ¦
•'¦'...-..::.:..'... iv '.$2 25 per day
Blacksmith, horseshoer.. country.'. .$3 per day
4 concrete men, city...* $2 50 per flay
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY, ull lhlrd St.
MINERS. $2 day and board and $2 25 day;
.laborers for mines. V mills, .quarries and other
work, $2 day; laborers and teamsters, ?2
and $2 25 day. free fare: carpenters and
millwrights. $3, $:; 50 nnd $4 day, fare ad-
vanced; blacksmiths. $40 month and $2 50
day and board; millmen, $3 dav;' 20 lumber
pliers, $2- day; and many others J F
CROSETT &»CO.; C28 Sacramento . st. '¦'•¦
COOK and wife. $85; second cook, country ho-
' tel. $40; boarding-house cooks. $40; rertaur-
. ant : cooks;. «¦ waiters., country hotels, $25
and $30;. restaurant waiters; dishwashers;
pantrymen; bedmakers; and others. J F
. : CROSETT ; & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
MILKER and wife. $C0; farmer and wife $50-
man ; and wife, private family. $50; ' gar-
dener,. $30: farmers, $26 and $:t0; teamsters,
, - $00. and $35 and $2 day; 2 men about-place
$25; ohoremen. milkers, buttermaker chec.-e-
,• maker, -stablemen;; driver for milk wagon
$40' and found: and many others. J F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st '
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. C3S Clay"
¦; Phone; Main 1191.
400 teamsters, concrete : men, rockmen and
steam shovel dumpers. $2 25 to ' $2 50 per
day,*, to 1 , Wadsworth, Rokeby, Battle Moun-
tain; Reno, Telegraph Point and Carlin,' fee $1;
300 railroad men, S. P. Co.'s own work, for
, Sacramento. , Western and Coast division to
Vracy, Florin, Oakland,. San Mateo. San L,uis
-Oblspo and other points. $1 60, $1 70, $2, sec-
. ' tlon, ; extra • and concrete gangs, frea lare;
50. laborers and-mlners, ; North.$2 to $2 50 day
-. .. 60 laborers and miners. South . $2 to $2 30 day
¦'•¦25'qunrrymen, : free fare.-.'. ..'...;. $2 per day
U5 tanbark men. .................. .$2 a cord
10 men' for hay fields; .*1 2T» and lound
10 milkers and. dairy - men. Plumaa and
Madera counties. . .... *3(T, far. and found
o-. carpenters .:............:. ..?3 50 per day
1 bartender , . . ... .$co and found
. 100 cooks." waiters, .la borers, ctc.$l 23 to $2 50
'"Call- and ¦ read "our bulletins.'
ANDRES office. ¦ .31« ; Stockton st. — Gardener,
.mllk.a cow. $25; handy .man to take care of
- horses.: etc.,: private place.: $25: butler $4rt;
gardener/": $1 a day. and found; four
men for grading.^ $1 a day. and. found ;. team-
ster, ' country. $uO, etc. ' wKfii
Free Fare
' EMPLOYMENT WANTED- — FEMALE.
JAPANESE * girl wishes situation : to do - cook-
-. ing and housework or. school girl. 1728 Flll-
" . more et. ' , ; , : - - -- \> " '¦:¦¦ " ' ' .'* . '.' :¦-
! WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
kct— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60
to $Q week; convenient and respectable;, free
bus and baggage to;and from ferry.
WANT . ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st -¦¦;.
A BRANCH office for Call -advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 109«
Valencia st. '¦
; EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
INTELLIGENT, sober young man wants', posi-
' tlon In an offlce; wholesale house preferred;
graduate of leading college; good penman and
accurate at figures; also one year's experi-
ence' in bookkeeping; beginners salary witn
• chance. of advancement. Address E. G., 511
*-. Taylor Bt, city. v - - - .¦ - -
SITUATION l wanted by 40 years of
age; handy with blackamlth and carpenters';
tools; knows the care of livestock and poul-
- try; can do plain cooking; would like place
as choreman. Address P. BOTHER, box
; 1021,, Call. . ,
ONE well acquainted with' the manufacture of
all kinds of ladles' and men's gloves is de-
sirous to buy for or take charge of a glove
department; city or country; can furnish good
references.. Address box 1035, Call office. |
MAN and wife want place in family i man to do
outside work; woman to, do general house-
work. M. S., 473 Seventh St.. Oakland. *¦' ' .
WANTED— By experienced young florist and
gardener^ to take charge of. big place, either
private or commercial; single; i good refer-.
ences. Address \V. P.. box 1012, Call offlce.
YOUNG man of good standing wishes a pbsi-
tion as collector or solicitor; speaks German
also; can . give best ot references. Address
box 1034. Call office.' r ; «
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent
and experienced stenographer; at present em-
ployed, but desires change. Address F. M.,
Y. M. C. A. ¦¦. ;'¦ - ¦-
A STEADY, reliable man,. two years in present
position, desires- work in wholesale or com-
mission house, with chance of advancement;
. fair wages. Box 393, Call office. ' j _. ¦
COLLEGE graduate In chemistry desires posi-
tion as analytical chemist: excellent refer-
ences. Address E. L. HALL, 1613 Gough st
CHINESE cook wishes position ae cook In pri-
vate family. LEE FOOT,' 833 Sacramento.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at . 1096
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.'
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
. and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
cold ; stock accepted for service*. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post
WANTED— $35,000 building loan; on water
front; brick warehouse. Box '4622. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
TWO sunny corner flats, with all possible con-
veniences; Just being completed; 0 rooms and
basement; . corner 17th arid Hartford;- half-
block from Market st: within 13 minutes'-
ride^f Golden Gate Park(Castro & 18th cars).
MODERN flat of 6 fine sunny rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable. 1933-1935 O'Far-
rell st ---; -
ELEGANT 8-room flat; sunny: bonton loca-
tion; 2957 Jackson st SPECK & CO., 607
; Market st. '. .
EXCEPTIONAL offer; 1 month free for a
downtown, modern flat: Bee 1162 Ellis st.
SPECK & CO.r 067 Market st. ;
FINE flat of seven rooms. and bath; 458 Hayes
st. Inquire at 26 Turk st. -
FINE corner flat of 6 rooms, bath, storeroom.
1211 McAllister St., cor. Fillmore. •
518 — SUNNY upper flat, 6 rooms and bath.
1137 Hampshire st, near Twenty-fourth.
MODERN sunny flat, 4 rooms and bath. 4A
Tremoht ave., near Waller st. ¦ *
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
TO let — On Third st, near Howard, a furnished
house 6 light bedrooms and kitchen; rent
"only $20. Apply at 119 Third st. ¦ -.-. '-
FOUR-ROOM flat and piano: marine- view; 3d
door from • Hyde-st car. 1233 Vallejo st. ¦
$35 — MODERN sunny flat 7 rooms, bath, attic.
1428 Green st, near Van Ness ave..
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
228 TAYLOR — Newly furnished flat of 5 rooms
and bath, on easy terms. Call 2 to 3, 7 to 8.
LEAVENWORTH— Furnished flat of #
rooms on easy terms; cheap. rent. '.' ¦ -
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
. range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
I . FURNITURE -WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOOLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE AND MATTRESSES. •
LOW prices and good work In making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell st. ; tel. Bush 421.
GLOVES. ¦ ___^
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
• never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— -FEMALE.
ATcTBriL\NS^N^c67srrphone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
"4 waitresses, new summer resort, no uni-
form ....$25
¦ Laundress, summer resort, fare pald.'.$30-$35
Fancy Ironer, summer resort: $30
2 chambermaids to wait, summer resorts.. $20
20 waitresses,/ different- springs, ' fares
rald s .......; $C5
• Waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare one way.$20-$25
21 waitresses, ' commercial and country "ho-
tels ....'. $20-$25
20 waitresses, city hotels and restaurants,
/...... $20-$30
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, coun-
try ...........$50
Middle-aged woman, general ¦: work, nice
small hotel of 12 rooms on sea coast, fare
advanced :.'..'. i :..... .$25
Cook, country hotel, fare paid. . Q. ...... .$35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
\ Nice nlace. second *irl, Oakland, $25; Ger-
man woman as. cook; flrst-class place (four
others In help), San Jose, party here, $33;
house girl, Napa, fare paid, American fam-
ily of four; house girl. Mountain View,- three
in family, party here, $20; others, city and
'country, nurses, second girls. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 429 Bush st, opposite Callfor-
nla ¦ Hotel, bet. Kearny . st.- and Grant ave.
MRS. M. E. DAY .......Phone Main 1575.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT . ....
Three waitresses, springs. Napa Co. $?5
Two waitresses. Springs, Santa Clara Co.$25
Two waitresses, springs. Contra Costa Co.S20
Four waitresses, Santa Cruz Mountains. $25
Two waitresses, resort, near city. . . . . . . $2.T
Two waitresses, resort, near city. . . . . . . .$20
1 Two waitresses, commercial hotels, fare paid
¦irSti waitresses,' city and country. '.$20 a'nd'$25
MRS. M. E. 'PAY. ........... .335 Geary/ st.
PARLOR maid and waitress, $30; 10 waitresses
for city and country hotels, $2">-$20; 2 cham-
/ bermalds- to wait one meal, $20; second girl
for - Berkeley, $25. small family. MISS
FLUNKKTT, 435 Sutter St.. near Powell.. .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Bell boy, $15; 2, bus men, $25; potwasher,
$25; .cook, $40; waiters, $30; dishwasher, $30.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
' LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32*4 FREMONT
ST.: MR. DA VIS.. - ¦'.'"•'¦\':h : .
A GIRL . or young .woman to assist in. light
housework. Seal Rock House, Ocean Beach;
call before 2 p.m. :. ¦•"¦¦.•.¦ :-,;,
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry
-Sixteenth and '¦. Valencia streets.
GIRL I for central housework. ¦¦¦ 01 Cumberland
st., bet. 19th and 20th. Guerrero and Dolores.
TALENTED I amateur performers. . /Apply Rt
Chutes (> p.^m.? Wednesday; salary.no object-
YOUNG girl : for \ light housework. Apply
•145!) Fulton" st. ; after 10..
NEAT young girl for upstairs .work and sew-
ing. 2520 Vallejo st. ... ¦
WANTED—A young girl for general house-
work; need not cook; small family. 1831 Eddy..
A' GIRL wanted ' for general housework. Ap-
ply COS -Franklin st.,.near Golden' Gate ave.
WANTED— First-class waitress at 304 ¦* Mason
¦^Et; wages $S..'- ', > /¦"..'¦ .' , "•'. ¦•:.
GOOD .lvstaurant waitress.'' 7 Taylor st. ;
; V; wages ?7 a week. : '¦';.¦- ' : , '. ,, v
GIRL for general housework and cooking., 2211
' Buchanan »st. ¦¦., , .-•. ¦*': .. ;:
W ANTE D— GlrP to assist in 'light housework.
1410V., ; Geary st. . . . : ¦ . >-, - . . .• ... ' \ ¦¦'¦ 1 ,
BRIGHT Birl v who can: saw" to learn dres3inak-
. '.lag; paid. 053 Halght st. . . \
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, t
S. navy able bodied, unmarried man of goon
character, between the ages of 21 and So; not
less than & feet 4 inches and not ever U feet I
inch; aale to speak and read English. For
. further Information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Elite st, San Francisco. jj^
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced young man*
to take charge of lace, fancy 3t°ods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
. erences. Box 213. Call. " !
i MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
| months; constant practice and expert instruc-
; tlon: catalogue free; special Inducements thi3
month. Moler System College. t£5 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 21r Third st: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $Kia $2 per week.
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. McBONALD & PERRY, 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bultla. room i0. Phelan
big. Past Ccm. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.R.
50O MEN to bviy new and 2cJ-hand army shoes.
50c up; splins 20c up. £2:; Howard st. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe ami
Australia.- HERMAN'S, 2C Steuart st.
GET your £boes half-soled while waltlnsc! 25c
to 50c. 5C3 Mission st., bet, 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5CJ Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d 3t3.
WINCHESTER Hottse, 44 Third st/. near Marl
ket— 200 rooms, 25c lUsbt; readingrrooms;
free- bus and baggage/to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 22G0 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1*Ti£ ,
Valencia st. - f
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FIFTEEN sound, well-broken. all-purpos«
horses, including four well-matched teams:
fit for grocery and delivery wagons; guaran-
teed as represented. Occidental Horse Ex-
change. 24U Third st.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
' ness etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale— 100O s£ock cattle In lots to suit; high-
grade Durham Hereford bulls • always on
hand. ROCHE & BRYAN. 234 Montgomery.
AUCTION Sale^-40 head gentle broke work and
driving horses, consigned by A. F. ROOKER.
Stockton. STEWART'S Horse Market, Mon-
day, June 16, 11 a. m.
ADJUSTABLE seat trap; cost $300; good a.»
n~w; physician's top and wire wheel bike;
cheap. O'BRIEN'S, G. G. ave. and Polk st.
70 HEIFERS; can be seen at Baden station:
San Mateo electric cars stop at place.
JOSEPH LEIPSIC.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; sentl»
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horss
Exchange. 24C Third st.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrive*.
several fine ruad and business horses, aaw
buggies and harness. -.1499 Market, cor. 11th.
HANDSOME sorrel buggy mare. 7 years old;
drives single or double. 623 Grove st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th* Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission st
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cli*^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.'
1225 FILBERT— 7 rooms and bath; rent $13;
large yard; water free. ?
FOLSOM. 232S — Bay-window house. 7 rooms,
bath; -rent $25.
5 ROOMS and bath; good yard and cellar; $18;
• no children. 51 Langton st.
• HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE or flat. 6 rooms and bath. bet. Tay-
lor. Pollc. Market. Geary. 193 Hartford st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Purse containing $30 gold, some silver,
key, etc., in Golden Gate Park, near band-
stand. Sunday afternoon: perfect identifica-
tion and reward if returned. 2124 Broderick.
LOST — Red greyhound; black nose. Return to
343 Nineteenth ave., Richmond; suitable re~
. ward.
LOST— At Ocean View, white greyhound bitch
with brindje or blue head: reward. Room 113,
Hearst building. Union Coursing Park. ¦
LOST — Diamond ring on Haight-st car, from
Cole st to ferry, or on steamer Enclnal to
Webster st.. Alameda; liberal reward. Re-
' turn to 129 Davis st
LOST — A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in t»i#
name of MARY CALDWELL. No. 46-«73.
The finder will please return to bank.
; LOST — Cigar case containing papers value to
owner only. E. Cooper. 1281 Pacific: reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter it. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
, MEDICAL.
A — ALL former patients of MR3. DR. GWYER
wlli be glad to know she has returned to San
Francslco and opened offices for the relief of
those suffering from rheumatism, paralysis,
. morphine or liquor habits. Those consulting
her will be assured of careful and honest
treatment Consultation and advice free. Prt-_v
vate home for patients. Hours. 10 to 12 a. m.^
2 to 5 and, 7 to 8 p. m. Sundays by appoint- "
ment only. Phone Jessie 2131. Entrance to of-
fices. 1504 Market St.. rooms 25 to 23, City
Hal] square. Over Good Fellows' Grotto.
'A— DR. O*DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist— -Ladles, all who are sick or In troubl*.
I consult the specialist on fomalo complaints!
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped-; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated a
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
cf a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NKLL. office tt residence. 1013 Mkt. op. 5th,
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises tit*
most Important of modern principles in treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladies, all
who are - sick or In trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential ta
normal results; fee low. 1007% Market st-
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home la
confinement: hours 9 to B and 7 to 8.
1008% Market st. opp. 8th and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladles' «pe-
clallst; 30 years' experience: private home la
confinement Moved to 72S Post at. nr. Jones.
•MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies* reliable speciaU
1st: maternity hospital; home for Infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy st. nr Mkt,
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Rellabl* ladlesT
specialist; a private home before and durtnsi
confinement: best medical care; low feea.
LADIES— Kumrond Is safe A sure; never fall* a
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearny.
LADIES — "NeYerfaleT"- Pasteur's eelebratwl
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 3 Flood pM*.
DR. AND MR8. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1126 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton «t. opposlt*
Union Square.- all diseases cured by hwb».
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
Brass. Iron beds: mattresses: pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission :tel. Main 730.
MINES AND MINING.
bM ALL gold mine, with mill; will pay from
the start: only small capital required; easr
. terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCT. UT.
Montgomery gt.. S. F.
¦ *«¦¦
• MISCELLANEOUS— FOR^SALE.
BOILER3. engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. l'J5-l'J7 Fremont at.
FINE 33x47 Cottrell press; air springs; tape-
less delivery; Plate distribution; flrst-clasa
order; cheap. Box 1044. Call offlce.
TENTS — TENTS— TENTS.
750 to 1000 new and second-hand tents to rent
and_ for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'S
Tent & Hammock Co.. 203 Drumm.
A — BUYS, aelij or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleyi,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st
BAR fixtures: big, stock: installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The _
Brunswick-Balk--Col!ender Co.. 652 Mission.
— ____— —.————^ ¦
NEW and lM-h:ind boilers, engines, dynamos,
mctors. pumps, wood and iron working mi-
i ch'nery. H. S. WHITE. l.tO Beale gt.
: 2Ti-CARAT diamond; color unexcelled: no deal-
ers. The Kaox. 376 Geary, r. 21. 1 to 7 p. m.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes. pUners.. second-hand
machinery.:. J. BURKE. 1-"J» Beale st
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for aale. Valencia gt. Cor. 15th. .
ASK. for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
make?). ALEXANDER & f-O- HO Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, row-boats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GENTLE .7-year-old mare, with harness and
wagcn r $125. ISA'S Howard- st.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving '
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. OS; Mkt. I
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-han4 ;
, and launches. J. E. DOAK, 40 Fremont st
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
A — Old established good paying saloon and
lodeins-house of 14 well furnished rooms;
never empty: good bar trade; ifood locality.
A — Butcher. shop, very nicely fitted up, In
pood neighborhood; nice, clean; good cash
trade.- • •
A— Coffee and lunch parlor In wholesale
district: no nltrht or Sunday work; paying
proposition. !
A — Nice little and well paying grocery and
bar: Rood corner on 6treet car line: . livinK
rooms. • ¦
A — Restaurant near Mission and Sixteenth
streets; owner has to go east; worth to
loc& at.
A — French restaurant near Market at;
this is a very good paying place and well j
worth investigation; a fine opening. ';-¦.
A — Oyster and chop house in good local-
ity; rent $15: price $200; a bargain.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st j
HOME Realty Co.. 873 Market (formerly Geo.
- Newton & Co., 759 Market) — Legitimate busi-
ness; lodging-houses & restaurants specially.
RESTAURANT for sale at 666 Fourth Bt.
ROUTE in Western Addition; building up dis-
trtct; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
DOLLARS SAVED -IN BUYING EQUALS
MONEY EARNED.
. The following houses will save you dollars
and earn money: t
12 rooms; rent $30; good furniture; price
$300. ' • .
34 rooms; rent $176; very good furnishings;
price $2500. ¦ • . : ¦
16 rooms; rent $150; modern; private baths;
swell; price $5000. '
8ff rooms; rent $66; mixed furniture; price
$1250.
To buy a lodging-house, boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of
v G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917. Market st. bet. 5th and 6th.
Money loaued at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times; bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly call at offlce.
! G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st, bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 191L / •
A — NO contract from buyers or sellers.
' All places advertised free.
At Retsloff. McMillen & Co.'s.' '
Call, we can suit you.
10 rooms; partly furnished; snap $225
20 rooms ;\ clears $95; only 800
14 rooms; Geary st; reduced to 950'
12 rooms; corner j clears $50 325
45 rooms; clears $200 2200
SO rooms; first-class; north of Market.. 2400
20 rooms; clears $60 200
18 rooms; just listed U50
12 rooms; snap 450
3U rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.... -1300
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
RETSLOFF, McMILLEN & CO.. ph. John 531.
1906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
$800 — Lodging-house of 33 rooms in San Jose;
rent $40; netting $70 above expenses. * -
! $3500 — Elegantly furnished lodging-house In
heart of San Jose, CO rooms; rent $125;
paying $350 per month.
$2500— A 44-room rooming- bouse in San Jose:
close in; rent $125; nets $250; sickness,
must sell. t
WELLS & 8AUNDERS, 630 Market st, S. F.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms: sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
II rooms; downtown; good' 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms- 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers,. call; we can
suit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to show
houses; carriage at door. Money loaned, 1%
per cent |
/ ¦ '
MARION GRIFFIN, ' . ,
719 Market st.. "upstairs, near Call building.
A — bis — free — list — at — my— offlce.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, - -' ,
S50 Market st— <Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
.. i Loan money at- lowest rates. '
Something new every day.
< New houses to lease.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. .$6500
300 rooms; comer house; for -men 5000
; Id rooms; sunny corner; flneMocatlon... 15C0
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain....... 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market *t
WINSTON & WOLF! ~~
. Phone Jessie 2211. 1026 Market st
21 rooms: rent $50: part cash $1250
45 rooms; rent $100; new furuiture 2500
28 rooms; must sell; make offer; cheap rent.
3U rooms; rent $82; a money-maker. . 1850
98 rms.; modern; elev.; cor.; reduced. 6500
Lodging-house; 19 rooms; transient; Brussels
carpets, oak and cherry furniture; $550 se-
cures it Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r.4.
MORTGAGED lodging-house; transient: $150:
secure it; entire furniture goes. MORRISON
& CO., 26 Montgomery st, room 4.
THE new and elegant furniture of an 8-room'
modern sunny flat 'on Eddy . st, near Van
Ness ave.; spare rooms more than pay rent;
you can save more than one-third on the
furniture: grand chance. Address box 1041,
Call offlce.
BUT your houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
1C rooms; clears $40 $500
11 rooms; clears $30 a $350
6 rooms;; clears $30..... $300
And other bargains. 842 Howard «t
HINKLEY & SMITH. I ~,
Successors to
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market «t
Estab. 27 yrs. Phone Mint 796
? Call for our large list of bargains.
SNAP— $2600. 30-room house, rent $65; $1500,
37-room house, rent $50, good furniture, flrst-
class location. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.,
7e5 Market St.
A— $C00; LODGING-HOUSE. 20 • rooms. 30
beds; rent $20; best location on water front
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. . -
$90 WILL put you In a house, renovated and
newly furnished, clearing $25 . per month.
320 Third st ,'....
$100 WILL put you In a 16-room house! newly
furnished; will cleaiv$50 over expenses. In-
qulre at 842 HowartPst.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKVVAX i052™Ellis sit-T^ieaTTrankliir
materializing seance; Sun., 1 Tues. and Friday
nights. 50c; psychic seanco Mon. and Wed.
nights, 25c; readings dally; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader: git $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell st, nr. Gough: EJlis car.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance, test medium -.readings
60c.. SI. 316 Third st. dr. Tues., Frl.; 25c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th, nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve. ; 25c; readings daily.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1G01 ; seance Sunday and Thurs.
| CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF/ PAUL DESTINE.
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
nan destiny, may be consulted dally on all
affairs of . life. His information and advice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love and
family affairs, business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rel«. causes speedy marriages, makes you. j
successful in business, giv«s you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
Ing and chronic disease that has baffled the'
. physician's . skill cured • without medicine:
there is no home so sad and dreary;'- no
heart ¦ so forsaken ' and lonely, no • life so
hard and blighted that cannot be 'set right
and kept right, after a visit to this inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble i
you may have, call and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught. Mediumistlc Persons De- ;
veloped." Come and learn a profession that i
will earn you from $10 to $25 per day. Fee
; within reach of all;. 10 a. tn. to '8 p. m.
32C O'FARRELL STREET ...... 320
MME. M. BERNARD. ~ ~~~ T ~~~;
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently ;
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. 'i
She reads .your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble/discontented un-
happy or. not satisfied In life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult Oils great mel
alum and you will be told how to overcome
| them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
i up^ satisfaction guaranteed. .< Tel Black 4569:
A— IRMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1101 Market st
cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a. m. ta I
n p. m.; reading* by mail .-is satisfactory a*
<n p»rsou; K questions answered ' $1;. full Ilf*
$5; s»nd lock of hair, date and year, of birth. ;
MME. JACQUES. 1025 Market st, suite 1—
Celebrated pclmiet and clairvoyant: readings
I dally this week, 25c; hours 10 a. m,. to 0 p. m. j
i . '•
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued."
••WHY NOT CONSULT 'THE BEST?" ¦
•;., PROFESSOR MARCO
Reunites the separated," ' - • -• . .- •
Causes speedy marriages;
Advice given on any subject;
Mediums developed (guarantee);'
Palmistry taught; '
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.* .,
Offlce. 412 Post st— 412.
Dally. 10 to 12. 2 to 5, 7. to 9..
Sundays, 2 to 5 p. m.
II 1 THEO IS COMING I !.!.. / . .
A — 25e; SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the- separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 dally".
1010 Mission st, near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
'reader, born with double veil: — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladles50o, !
gents$l ; palm, and clair. s!t $1 50. 12G Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave.. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date. J.
MYERS, postofflce box 2224. San Francisco.'
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
. medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
.. st, cor. Golden Gate eve.; rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE, 614 Taylor st. clairvoyant
. crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 60c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
she has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names given; L. 50c; G. $1. 217 Eddy st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MRS. L. EHRN. clairvoyant and palmist, 25c
up. 1427- Ellis /st.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
• life readings for SI. 1008# Market,. op. 5th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3;. readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. HOTJSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 60c. 221 Fifth st.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. 521% Eddy
! MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c; gents COc: readings daily. 132 Sixth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peb-
¦ pie. A. G. Kleihert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
ing. 1213 Market, bet.8th&9th;tel. Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.'. 402 gutter st;
tel. Main 394. • GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works."
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
TRY Hopke Bros.' excellent carpet-cleaning.
411-413 Powell st. phone Bush -421.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
• COLLECTION OFFICES. \ "
ADVICE free — Columbian Law and Collection
Agcy., r. 85, 916 Market st. ; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agenoy — No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
PEX i TI . i STS^ ,^ rL ,. i _ i .^^ i _ i^
A GRADUATE specialist In each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices in S. F. ;
painless extraction, \ 50c; open Sundays and
evenings.' New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS, Pres.. 969 Mission st, SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651. .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk Et., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; filings, 50c;
plates. $5, fuM set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth 6t
PARIS. Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,25c.
SET of teeth" without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st- ¦¦-¦¦¦-.-
DRESSMAKERS AKPSEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and MI ifinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
Fashionable dressmaker — Miss L. V. ; Clarke,.
1123 Powell; orders promptly attended to.
jH\ EDUCATIONAL. ~^ T
IiE^lL^T^C^O^L~o1FEXicTRlcAir^NGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop ' work; thoroughly
-practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue 'free. •
A — lF-'Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
84 positions in March, 32 in April; Kills book-
keeping makes real .bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
cess College. 1236 Market st
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the. university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building; .
GALL"AGHER-MAltsH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt
OTHER students, j graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
et., for their new catalogue; It Is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
Vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. - 1864. "- Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
*- sltlons. Alcazar building. 12.0 O'Farrell st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin & banjo taught In a
class; $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Geary 562^
SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES 1
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market st. .
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $0 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc:; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
i HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. 8: F. :
founded .1863: new 80-page catalogue free. ".
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ~~
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— JapaneseTchU
Etse help.y26 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. *15 Stock-
' ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable, help; !
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish moat
reliable h«lp. 524 Bush st: tel. Buah 616. .
JAP reliable housecleaning. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.: tel. Fell 8501. ,
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years..
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO... 610 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. HIS Stockton; Main C198.
EMPLOYMENT . WANTED-— FEMALE.
(A SWEDISH second, girl, first-class waitress
and seamstress r 4 years one place. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. - .-.'
A SWEDISH first-class cook; best references.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A STEADY competent person wishes position
to^.d6 general housework in small family;
understands her business; wages $20. 421
-^Franklin st.
POSITION, wanted as housekeeper or/care of
home in owner's absence: references. Box
1057. Call. ¦':-¦¦ :,.
A RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day,"
washing, ironing or cleaning. Call 176 7th st.
A GIRL 1(3 years old wants, to do "light house-
work. Call at 22% Telegraph place; top floor.
A' RELIABLE young ' woman . wishes situation
cooking; downstairs work. 319 -Minna st.
GIRL wants a situation for - housework and
cooking. 1926 Ellis, r,ear house, 'upstairs. ...
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
travel with children, or would like a'place.ln
country hotel as assistant; good references.
Box 1031, Call office^ '\lr:\ :'¦:¦¦<
RELIABLE • woman wishes work by the' day,
wasning. '-ironing. - housecleaning or sewing,
• $1 50 per day. , 14S Sixth st.. room .22.
A MIDDLE-AGED German. woman wants to
. work by the day washing and housecleaning.
.Address M. K., Cll% Minna st. . (
WOMAN wants work by the aly ' or . week ; un-
derstands general house work; first-class- ref-'.
erences; good laundress. Bex 1011, Call." ;;
YOUNG lady to care for child; willing to assist
¦with upstairs- work 'and mending; wages not
less than S20. Box 1010. Call office.
COMPETENT • Swedish' woman ; wishes ' position
. as cook; wages ?30 to $35. 22S Haight st -
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francises
C*:i. corner of Market and Third streets; open
entii 12 o'clock every eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. ra.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
(39 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.'
SIS Larkin street; ooen until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street: open until 10 p. ra.
S261 Uarket street corner Sixteenth: open
fc&til 0 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street ; open until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. j
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m. j
B1EETIXG XOTICES. -
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Cbmmandery
No. 16 K. T.. 025 Sutter St.— Stated TSBf*
assembly . THIS EVENING at 8 |J
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fraters
are courteously invited.
R. B. MOORE, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
STARR KING Lodge. V. D.. F. and A. •
M.. Moxry's Hall, will meet THIS _«%-
• MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 >I2?
o'clock. Second desree. By order of /^r l
¦the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
SAN Francisco Chapter No. 1, Royal m
Arch Masons, meets THIS (MON- _#V_
MAY) EVENING: business and M jtV
M. degree. H. G. PRINCE. Sec. /V^
I HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. tt
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (Mon-
day). June 16, at 7 o'clock p. m. De- jt/f
gree 2. By order of the W. M. /^r >
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING Solomon'* Lodge No. 260, F. and •.
A. M., 1SJ9 Fillmore st — Second de- _ Bk. _
prtre THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. TK-X
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. /V.'
ALLADIO ' C.vEAM CHEKS^.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream;
easily digested; a dinner however plain is
made more enjoyable by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets, or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1206 Sutter st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort- '
ca'-et. partnerships^ attachments, -collections,
*tc. ; leeal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges: open eve's; call or -write.
advice free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yr».
Q. W. HOWE. S5O Market st. cor. Stockton. !
ADVICE free; phone Mint 865. S19 Market's t
J. M. THURSTON; oiflce open every even-
ing: private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cagec; open evgs. W.W.Davidson. 927 Market
JOHX R. AITKEN, attorney at law. Rooms
:t0»-10-ll. Clunie bldg.. 503 California st
L. K. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k»t et.: consul tation free: no fees In advance.
ttlCYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
'IXEX has best bicycles made; all prices; call
fctfore buying: repairing, tires, bells. S01
Lerkln. SOS Market 1968 to 1974 Par*.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE family would like a child to board,
fS per month. Phone Polk 2797. 1610^ Bush.
BOOKS SEW ASP OLD.
12OCKS of a'.l kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1948.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1250; RESTAURANT^nd"co2ee"nouse on
Kearny st; rent $75; place clearing above
H2M per month; a good Investment Call R.
O. WILKE. 2G^a Kearny st ¦
A— $1400; SALOON on Geary st; choice cor- !
ner: card and club rooms; nice fixtures; a ;
well -patronized and good-paying business.
Call It. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
A — CORNER grocery and bar in best part of i
the city; owner will cell at invoice price as
he roust leave for Honolulu: will elve lease
to a good tenant; rent $25: with 5 rooms. $35;
a rare chance. TL G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny.
A— $1^00; SALOON established many years,
doing a good, business; clearing at least $150
per month; a pood Investment Call R. G.
WILKE. 26»& Kearny st.
A— $750: PARTNER wanted In manufacturing
business; article eo!d in every grocery store;
big money in sight Call R. G. WILKE.
2Cli Kearny st
A— ?2jO; OYSTER and chop house on Larkin
St.; rent $16; good location and good busl-
neta. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Et
A— $C50: DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 livlnc rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion: (rood paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — $500; CORNER grocery and bar, with liv-
lag-room*: rent $42; best location on Leav- '
fenworth St.; good paying. Call R. G.
WILKE, -1'tfJi Kearny et
A — WE buy, sell or exchange all kinds of
business. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third st
A— $300; SALOON: rood trade: full value; 3
rooms; rent $15. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third.
A— $125; BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
rent $10: 3 rooms. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third.
A — $275; CIGAR store: Al location: receipts
about $10 day. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third, st
A — $CoO; GROCERY and bar; full value: re-
ceipts $20 day; 2 rooms; rent $20. STRAND.
78 Third st.
B0 PER CENT averge monthly profit under our
new system of turf speculation; shares. $10
each: dividends semi-monthly; send for circu-
lar. WHITE & CO.. SS Pulitzer tulldinr. New
York. (Mention paper.)
THE COAET. 7S3U MARKET ST.
16. rooirjs on O'Farrerl st. $900.
IS rooms on Kearny st, $1750.
12 rooms en Leavenworth et, $1150.
IS rooms on Golden Gate ave., $2500.
Butcher shop for $.*>25.
Cigar stores. $60 to $1200. ""•"%'
Grocery and bar for $400.; rent $22 50.
Partner for grocery wanted.
Faloons for $125, $2O0, $300 and $4*50.
List your property with THE COAST.
$er<t— PARTNER: mfg. bus.; clears $300 mo.
$400 — Rest; 25 tables; 100 chairs; worth $700.
S1000 — Chop house, coffee par.; East st: brg.
S2T.0 — Partner; cashier In rest; $75 month.
?2<X> — Branch bakers- : 2 furnished rooms.
P. S. De Luca, 31S Kearny; phone Red 4&40.
$1400 — A^CHAXCE of a lifetime; on account of
family troubles; saloon end lunch house; rent
only $50; daily receipts $25 to $30; located
between ship, lumber yards and factories.
Apply 31G Grant ave.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman partner to take
half interest in U. S. patent, granted of late,
for full term 17 years; patent ie of artitstic
nature: can be seen and investigated at own-
er's place. _ Patentee, box 1051. Call.
A — $OK); PARTNER wanted in light business;
?18 to $2. r » a week, with chance for $35; suit-
<m1 to plain steady man; work easily learned.
25 Geary st. room 4
¦ *-
5250 — SALOON: rooms, large yard; water front
70 Jackson St.; must sell; bargain; rent $15.
$10U0 — PARTNER in safe money-making busi-
ner?: will net $150 each month; trial befor*
buying; no experience; steady man; don't
miss it. Businefs Board of Trade, .12« Pine st.
fS500— Commercial hotel on leading business
rtreet. clearing $650 monthly net; whole or
half Interest; partner going to Europe; no
agents. Box 275. Call offlce.
$400 — GROCERY and liquor store; invoice
price; Market st: rent $11: living room- re~
celpte $12 day. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
FOR SALE— Second-hand book business Oak-
land; good corner; low rent. Apply 1236
Eroadway. Oakland, afternoons.
FOR SALE — Grocery, fruit vegetable busi-
ness; pood location; good trade. Box 42S3
Call office. Oakland. '
FOR sale— Small grocery and bar on account of
going East. L. SCHAEFER, 1552 Folsom st
cor. Twelfth. '.'
WANTED— Gentleman; good business proposi-
tion: big. money for right. party. Call 618
FOR eal« — Good-paying watchmaking and Jew-
elry Store in good location; rent cheac In-
oulre hx. 254 Third st.. liquor 'store.
$1500— PARTNER for half Interest hi city
business; pays over 300 per cent annual crofit
A. W. ROBINSON. SO Geary st, room 6.
1'ARTSER wanted with small capital for new
retail <x>&\ business by party who can control
large trade. Box 1029. Call office.
HAVE you any monty? Do yen want to doable
It, iti 30 daye? The opportunity is yours
Inyentors* Mfg. Co. tine), 139 First et.
FOR sale; reasonable; patent of a flrst-clasi
liniment, with .stock on hand. Call or ad-
Crevr MRS. A.. 41fiA Third et.. P. F.
V.'ANTED — ButinerB partner; must be n. man
of aWIHy and integrity: xplendid opportunity;
__BTnail investment- Call 3tt Meiropole. 6 Turk.
A— =$750 — CANDY sr.d ice cream parlor Room
_ ••"'¦«»¦ ''27 Market gt.; bet. 12 and 1 o'clock. '
CIGAR Ftand in larg<r hotel; rent $25; -price
$800. MORRISON & CO.. 28 Montgy st, r. 4.
PATXXC*trfltt »-t'-;re for r.aJe; good location.
:<3 Fi.'ta tt.
$500— RKSTAURANT worth $600: must eell at
once. Address box 1001, Call offlce.
HELP WANTED— MALE Cni».
MURRAY & READY. .... d34-»S3t} Clay at.
..............Phone Main 5S4S. '.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
SPECIAL.
.... MONDAY
MONDAY •••••
NEW RAILROAD WORK
Free to Utah ....-
Boss here — Special railroad work, come see —
• . /Boss here •• • •_;
FREE FARE TO UTAH STATE— FREE
FARE
• - - Also Ship to.. ••••
Salt Lake division. Moleen. Rokeby. l»on
Point, Battle Mountain, Palisade, Fenelon.
Wells, Carlin, Vista, rJenoi Wadsworth, Uko.
..;.... Wanted for the above places ;# .
750 teamsters, $2 25 day; 1500 laborers, >-
and $2 25; 150 car dumpers, $2 20 day; »00
concrete men, drillers and rockmen; scraper
holders ;.-
SHIP DAILY FREE
•••• Santa Fe Co.'s .works..
150 laborers for section, steel ballast and ex-
tra gangs. Santa Fe Co.'s own work
• ARIZONA .. • •'•
15 railroad teamsters. $2 day; camp black-
smith .....";
•¦••••- SHIP' MORN AND NIGHT
R. R. WORK...
""' • FREE FAKS
.............. CARPENTERS
MECHANICAL HELP .BLACKSMITHS
4carDfcnters, country, fare $1 25. -long Job,
$90; Cooper Oil Co., good job.... •
Miliwrignt, small sawmill, married preferred.
$o0 and found; woodworker, country shop,
..$3 day; 6 blacksmiths' helpers, no shoeing;
Z blacksmiths, - country shop. §3 day; camp
blacksmith, city, S45 and found; 10 other
blacksmiths; I blacksmith, small sawmill..-.
•••••• MISCELLANEOUS !
, Coachman, Alameda Co., $30 and found; i
coachman, see boss here, $30 and found; njl'.k !
wagon driver. Eastern man $40 and found; j
10 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, $30
and '$40 and found; young man to drive mall
.wagon, city; 4 men and, wives; 10 men to
clean bricks, $1 25 per theojsand
i :. BOYS
10 boys to learn trades; 3 boya for planing
• mill; boys for factories; boys for machine
shops; boys to learn to wait at table, bell
boys, elevator, boys; • choreboys for ranches
and private, places .'; >....
..Our Dally List of Jobs' Ready 7 a. m...
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
HAY & HARVEST— FARMS * DAIRIES.
70 hands for hay and harvest fields, $1 25.
$1 50 and $2 and found; 43 farmers, steady
' Jobs year round. $25 to $35 and found; 10
. teamsters, large ranch. $30 and found ; 22
choremen, city and country. $25 to $35 and
found; 27 milkers.' all over California. 835
to $40 and found; budder for nursery, $32
and fd ,
- 10 men to cut and pack asparagus near city.
' $26 and found >
i.. YOU'LL SUIT ON THIS JOB
.. .t: That Means You ..-;
We'll Pay Your Fare/.
And Ship To-day (Sunday)
' YARDS ». , SAWMILLS WOODS
347 men to work around sawmills, yards and
woods, no experience required; any willing
man can fill the bill; wages $30 to. $65 & fd.
FARE PAID
EXPERIENCED MILL HELP
10 crosscut sawyers. $45 and found: 4 chain
tenders, $40 and found; setter, mill in Ari-
zona, $3 day; jack screwers; shingle sawyer;
shingle saw flier: trimmer; drag I sawyer;
.edgerman, $3 per day, see boss here; mill-
. wright, see boss here .....
MINES
LABORERS ./:..». FACTORIES
15 miners, north. $75; 6 miners, south. $57
- and found : 25 laborers, good mine, north, $40
to $50 and found; 10 laborers to work around
a mine, no experience required, fare $2 50,
wages $42 and f d. ; 15 laborers, surface work,
Napa County
10 laborers, factories, city, $1 75 and 2 day;
12 laborers, factory,. 10c fare, $1 50 day; 50
laborers, city Job, $2 day; 50 laborers, near
city. $60; 357 men to do laboring work in all
parts of California. $1 75. $2 to $2 50 day.
HOTELS. ETC
COOKS WAITERS
French cook, springs. $50 and fd.
Chef cook, country hotel. $75. see boss here ;
chef cook. cUy, $60; ranch cook, fare $1. $40;
cook for sawmill. $40 and found; second
cooks, third cooks; 17 cooks for city and
country, hotels and-.- restaurants; waiter,
country Louvre: waiter and wife; •waiter,
helps' hall, springs, $25 and found; 2 men to
. carry oft' dishes, springs, $25 apd found; 10
waiters, other jobs; . baker, ', springs, good
- place, $40; 2 butchers: "3 bakers, country
. shops; night cashier,' city; 33 kitchen' hands,
pot. and dish washers, porters; young man to
learn cooking; •eouatry
Get one Of Air dally lists of jobs......
BEST JOBS ..:-....:.....
:.... BIGGEST WAGES
AT
MURRAY & READY'S...:.. 634-636 Clay st
A MAN and wiie to do laundry work in a hotel,
$50, gee party here at 11 o'clock; also a man
and wife to do cotoklng ta hotel, $60. MRS.
NORTON, 31S Sntter st/ * ' .
A FIRST-CLASS butler 'for city, $50; a first-
class coachman, - country, $50; a second but-
ler. $.15. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St..
i near Powell. ¦• - '• .
WANTED— By E. b; & A. L. Stone Co.. team-
sters and laborers for railroad work in Ne-
vada; free fare; ship at 5:15 Monday. Wed-
nesday and Friday.
4-horse skinners .:. $2 25 per day
Laborers $2 per day
Board .......... $5 25 per week
Report with, blankets at 900 Broadway,
Oakland ' '....\
Laborers for concrete work, wages $2 per
day, 10 hours' work; board $4 50 per week;
long job. Report at Nat>a Junction.
WANTED — 5 first-class millwrights for coun-
try- Apply bet. 9 and 10 a. m.. room 1315.
Claus Spreckels building. Pacific Portland
Cement Co. ¦• '¦ . ,
YOUNG man for porter and bar; $25 per month I
and board. McMahon House, Holy Cross
Cemetery.
.WANTED — Partner as --cashier In restaurant;
clears $150 per month; $250 required; good
chiRice. P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny.
SECOND cook for restaurant; . also man to
wash dishes/ 126 Ninth st
WAITER and dishwasher wanted. 422 Sixth
street. •" •
ELDERLY gentleman for light and steady
work; small wages; references. 4(3 Valencia.
WANTED — Dishwasher at 108 Hayes st; call
early.
BARBER wanted; $15 week. Address box 1059.
Call offlce.
MAN to tend shooting gallery; $1 day; room.
Call after 11, 443 Dupont st.
A YOUNG man to help ¦ plumber. ! 1324 Pacific
' st; call between. 7:30 and 8:30 a. m.
A MEAT and pastry ~ cook for springs. $70.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335. Geary st.
MAN and wife, masseurs, springs, good wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st
FIRST-CLASS underpresser on vests; good
wages. 230% Ninth st.
GOOD dishwasher. 1201 Flllmore st, corner
Turk. - - '
tBARBER. wanted; steady. '797 Mission st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Grand Hotel Barber
Shop. . '
BARBER . wanted, smart;, for 10c shop;
steady. 803 Kearny st.
A STKADY-man with $1CO cash can make $75
month year round. 78 Third st, room. 2. »
WANTED — Good blacksmith and wood worker.
Apply to J. O'SHEA, 17th and Vermont st
GOOD>flnlshers on vests. 641^4 Stevenson st.
A GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st'Ki
A GOOD dishwasher wanted, 13-1 Third st.
WANTED— A young man over 16 years of ags
to run elevator; one having experience run-
• ¦ nlng an electric elevator preferred. Apofy
Monday. 7:30 a. m.. S. N. WOOD & CO. 718
Market st.
WANTED — First-class practical cutter. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
WANTED— A bright boy who lives with his
parents to run an electric elevator In a
wholesale house; in writing application state
age and give refs. "Elevator." box 1043. Call.
WANTED — Honest young man with $175 cash;
.light contractlne business: ¦ $70 month year
round:' no experience required." BROWN,
1221 Market st.
WANTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
• dock; $2 per day. City St. Improvement Co.
WANTED — Honest single man with $75 to
take cash and assist. In restaurant: $40 mo.;
no experience. Brown. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — For Honolulu, a flrst-class window
-dresser for dry sood3. fancy irooda and mlllin-
, ery.. Address box,42S6. Call offlce. Oakland.
WANTED— Man with $90 to taka cash and
attend cigar store; $30 month: no experlencs
required. BROWN A CO., 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Jean Costel. the laundry man, to
communicate i with . the ¦' proprietor of the
laundry, Hobart Mills. Cal.
PANTS maker for ajjiuntr/. Apply REISS
BROS., "I Sutter, 8tr"y.V v '
SALESMAN to handle first-class clear account
! as side line; city or.country. Box 1009, Call.
I CABINETMAKER wanted: A flrst-class mm.
The FINK & SCHINDLER CO.. 1.109 Markec.
BASTERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
¦CO.-. -541 -Market st. • ;C" '
YOUTH to. attend store and makehlmself gen-
erally,, useful. . 55. Y.X.. box 1026. Call.
WANTED— Jewelers ,'at 17 Lick place, LIck
llou?e. . Wtiitntl
WANTED — Bey with artistic ability to learn
engraving. Baldwin Jewelry Co.. 843 Market.
YOUNG man with some experience at harness-
making. ' 713 Folssm stGenerally cloudy weather prevails along the
Washington Coast and over Northern Nevada;
elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains fair
weather prevails.
The pressure has remained nearly stationary
along the coast and has fallen over the plateau
region. An area of high pressure Is central
off the Washington Coast, while the lowest
pressure overlies Arizona and Southeastern Cal
ifornia.
The temperature has risen slightly in all
districts. It is slightly above the normal In
the Interior of. California. .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June 10. 1902:
Northern California — Fair Monday; fresh
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSOX.
Local Forecast Official (temporarily In charge).
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Weather Report.
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 13—3 p. m.
LAFAYETTE, Ind., June 15.— The Tip
pecanoe Battlefield Association held its
annual exercises in the tabernaoie at the
battleground to-day. Special. trains on all
roads were run and an immense crowd
attended. The graves of th^ men who
fell at the battle of Tippecanoe were
beautifully decorated. An address was
delivered by Henry Watterson, eGitor of
the Louisville Courier- Journal, bis sub
ject being "Heroes. In Homespun." Wat
terson was accompanied to the battle
ground by a committee of fifty prominent
citizens. At the conclusion of the cere
monies on the battlefield the party re
turned to the city, where Watterson was
banqueted at the Lafayette Club and a
reception was held. - •
Decorate the Graves of Heroes.
After that, it Is alleged, they manipu
lated the Orphan stock without the knowl
edge of the holders in such a manner as
to secure control, sold it to themselves
as the Empire State Company for J108.00U
and immediately organized the new com
pany with stock valued at $312,500.
The suit grows out of the sale of the
Orphan group to the Empire State Com
pany last year, when the stockholders of
the Orphan Company were forced to ac
cept about 8 cents a share on their hold
ings. It i3 charged that Williams and his
associates mined In the Orphan property,
presumably from the Isabella, and after
discovering a large body of ore sealed it
up without apprising the stockholders of
the find.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 13.—
Charges of fraud are made by Josef K.
Elchern in a suit filed , in the District
Court against Nelson B. "Williams, George
B. Killbourne and others in control of the
Empire State Mining Company on Bull
Hill, and the court is asked to appoint a
receiver for the Empire State Company
and the Orphan Bell Company, to restrain
shipments from the Empire, to cancel the
deed wherein the Orphan- property Is
transferred to the Empire State and to
prevent a prospective consolidation of the
Empire and Isabella companies.
Receiver for Two
Companies.
COIXXRADO MINE-OWNERS
ARE ACCUSED OF FRAUD
district Court Is Asked to Appoint a
THE SAN.;. FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1902.
THE COAST RECORD.
9
» 5 « 2 2 3
3 33 *f %
a |g || fa S2 2
station* s \l «3 :§ ¦• »- . g
• • • C C • . • 3
¦ : ? ? : : •
Astoria SO. 16 62 46 NW Cloudy .00
Baker 29.88 76- 42- SE Cloudy .00
Carson 20.82 78 40 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.12 66 52 NW ' Clear .00
Ffesno 29.78 02 53 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.68 82 38 SW Clear .CO
Focatello. Ida. .29.92 74 3S SW Pt.CIdy.OO
Independence -..29.66 88 84 SB Clear .00
Los Angeles 211.86 74 48 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.60 102 68 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.12 C6 50 NW Pt.CIdy.OO
Bed Bluff 29.80 90 62 N Clear .(X)
Roseburg 30.10 66 50 N Clear .00
Sacramento .. .29.82 86 52 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.84 78 B6 NW Clear .00
San Franclsco..29.04 62 48 W Clear .00
S. L. Oblspo. . .29.96 68 • 46 W Clear .00
San Diego 29.86 64 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.12 64 SO W Pt.Cldy T.
Spokana 29.90 76 46 SW Clear .00
Neah Bay 30.14 58 50 SW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla... 29. 80 SO 50 W .Clear .00
Winaemucca ..29.84 76 48 N Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.60 104 64 SW Clear .00
» 5 « 2 2 3
3 33 *f %
a |g || fa S2 2
station* s \l «3 :§ ¦• »- . g
• • • C C • . • 3
¦ : ? ? : : •
Astoria SO. 16 62 46 NW Cloudy .00
Baker 29.88 76- 42- SE Cloudy .00
Carson 20.82 78 40 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.12 66 52 NW ' Clear .00
Ffesno 29.78 02 53 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.68 82 38 SW Clear .CO
Focatello. Ida. .29.92 74 3S SW Pt.CIdy.OO
Independence -..29.66 88 84 SB Clear .00
Los Angeles 211.86 74 48 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.60 102 68 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.12 C6 50 NW Pt.CIdy.OO
Bed Bluff 29.80 90 62 N Clear .(X)
Roseburg 30.10 66 50 N Clear .00
Sacramento .. .29.82 86 52 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.84 78 B6 NW Clear .00
San Franclsco..29.04 62 48 W Clear .00
S. L. Oblspo. . .29.96 68 • 46 W Clear .00
San Diego 29.86 64 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.12 64 SO W Pt.Cldy T.
Spokana 29.90 76 46 SW Clear .00
Neah Bay 30.14 58 50 SW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla... 29. 80 SO 50 W .Clear .00
Winaemucca ..29.84 76 48 N Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.60 104 64 SW Clear .00
PEUSOXA1^S---Contlniied. j
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a. miracle- thin a medicine is. what
cured people say. Address REUNER <JOU-
LET. Sacramento, Cal.
HOMK treatment for 'mother? and daughters;
booklet free. The VIAVI CO.. 2304-C-S Van ;
Ness ave.. Ran Francisco; phone East 2S2.
A FULL line of switches, wigs and front pieces; '
halrdresslng any style, 25c. G. LEDKREK.
123 Stockton st. ¦ :.,:: I
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug fits- !
<-ases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1839 Polk st.. S. F. ; consultation free. 1 :
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING-
CO.. 1310-13^; Stockton St.. near Broad way. ;
SENSATIONAL— Book for men; amusing, mys- j
tlfying. instructive. Two cents for postage ee- j
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary st.. S.F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. IIESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
yeare" experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
DIVINE HEALER SCHRATSeR can be seen
daily at 818 Ellis et.; ground floor.
ANDERSON," theatrical costumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades supplied. 26 O'Farrell.
ACTINA restores the eyes and cars to health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
RUi'Tt'KK cured: no ouerntion. naln or lost
time. Fldelltv Rupture Cure, 2(5^ Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 00; dress ;iant», if'J 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELKCTKIC \tieedle f recialiat; superfluous hair
a:-.d moles idestroyed. Mrs.II.Eaton,427 Sutter.
Sirs. Hriggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed t
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 250.
snPEP.iTLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs. Traverse, 1170Market-
ALKREDiJMS Ksyptian Henaa; restores cray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; l(te ard 25c All drucgists.
DYSPKPS1A and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROW AX. North Milwaukee. Wls.
MASQUERADE costumes, play bocks, wigs;
courtry order."!. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, tho
bf^t corn cure. 25c; all drucciets.
PHYSICIANS ' AXD SURGEOXS.
RUPTXjRK and piles cured: no pay until cured;
r.-j operation;, no detention i'rum business: all
private diseases treated successfully; cor.sul-
__tav;cn free^ Drs. Forden & I'ortcrueld.CTurk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Vj aiarUet Et., bet. Sixth and, Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 3073VJ Market.
RKAII ESTATE— CITY — *-"«OR,. SATE.
E A STONrELDRIDGiT&^CO.,^ C3l~MarkeT7t!
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. .-.
At our salesroom, iXiS Market street,
at 12 o'clock noon. ¦ -
TUESDAY JUNE 17
GROVE-STREET FLATS.
South side (Nos. 43J to 435) Grove St., 25
feet east oC Octavia; three flats, 5, 5, 6 rooms
and bath, renting for ?C28 per annum; lot 23
xSO lect. - .
TO CLOSE" AN ESTATE.
Southeast side (No. 2C3) Perry St., 75 feet
east of Fifth; five well built flats of 5 and 4
rooms, in good condition, renting for ?C00 per
annum; lot 26xM> feet. -
ERAXNAN-STCEET BUSINESS PROP-
ERTY.
Southeast side (Nos. 409 to 409B) Brannan
*t., 75 feat southwest, of Third; modern two-
story building, containing store and two flats
of 0, 0 rooms and bath each; rents ?85 per
menth; large lot, 30:6x75 feet.
FELL-STREET RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 625T Fell St.. S5 feet west
of Laguna; a substantial well built residence
cf it rooms aud bath, • renting for S-'JO per
• mor.th; large double frontage lot, 23xll'O feet,
through to Hickory ave.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Ncrth side (Nos. 2712-2712*4) Bush St., 175
feet west of Broderlck; 2 fiats, 5-6 rooms and
bath, on- the sunny side of street; rents $5iO
,'Ver TinjBra; lot 25x137 :G feel. . - "• T
CALIFORNIA-STREET BUILDING LOT.
North side of California et., 1SI:3 feet west
cf Baker: an elegant level building lot In one'
°jL tb<: choicest parts of the city; lot 25x
L;» :S j4 feet.
BUSH-STREET HOME.
North side (No. 2714) Busn street, 200 feat
west of Broderick; a pretty cottage of 0 rooms
and bath, with large basement. In excellent
condition; lot £5x.lS7:e feet.
FILLMORE-STREET BUILDING LOT.
East side of Fillmore St., 21 feet south of
Waller; a fine level lot, with street work all
done, and ready for building; lot 24x81:3 feet.
•£ MISSION BUILDING X.OTS.
West line of Noe st.. 225 feet south of
Eighteenth; three fine building lots In the
Mission Warm Belt; lots 25x125 feet each.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS.
East line of Paris ave..' 91:8 feet north of
Amazon ave. ; situate in block 23 of Excelsior
Homestead; lots each 20x100 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & Cp..
C3S Market st.
3. L. COOKE.. 26 Montgomery st.J. I* COOKE
San Francisco ..-
...Great Bargains. Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price. -
All sizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity.
Secure a home.
BpecUl Bargains .....Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can get It cheap.
Leave yonr address with me. .
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which wlU
purchase you a home. - :- •
Don't forget to call on or"
address J. L. COOKE.
26 Montgomery Bt., San Francisco.
Cut this out and save address.
NEW cottage residence. 5 sunny rcoms. bath-
rcom, butler's pantry, large basement; on
eunny tide of street; lot 25x107:6; pretty ma-
rine view; stone pavement: street bituminiz.
ed; a few steps from cable cars; nne loca-
tion, near Broderick; everything rented as
. soon as built; new houses going ¦ up all
around and property changing hands fast at
advancing prices; only $575 down and easy
installments: price ?3175; •will take a lot
as part payment. W. J. GUNN, 5J0
California St., Savings Union building, bet.
• Montgomery and Kearny.
A MODERATE- PRICED residence wantel to
purchase; north of Broadway, between Scott
and Franklin. W. J. GUNN. 530 California
Et., Savings Union building.
LOTS wanted to purchase; north of Vallejo,
from Van Ness ave. to Lyon. W. J. GUNN,
630 California Bt., Savings Union building,
between Montgomery and Kearr.y sts.
$6750 — AT a sacrifice; corner lot and improve-
ments; on 13th Bt., near Folsom; consisting
of store, flats and two 2-story houses; size
of lot 60x80; renting low for $58; can be in-
creased to $75. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24
Montgomery 8t., room 3. ',
YOU will never secure a suburban home In
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa 8t.. Ocean View. ;
FOR sale— 1 or 2 lots «outh side of Hayes
st, 1 block from park; price on lots.
FOR sale— Just completed, elegant 7-room cot-
tage. Ean Jose ave., opp. Valley st.
$1500 — COTTAGE 4 rooms and lot; Mail Dock.
Box 4621. Call office.
$1700 — COTTAGE -5 rooms, barn; marine view.'
HAYES, corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
$2200 — TWO flats, near Mall Dock. HAYES,
corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
REAL ESTATE— -COUNTRY— -For Sale
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County. 1 on Los Gatos and Saratoga aves. ;
beautiful location: climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive' from station: ' neighborhood
d«slrable; 40 acres, all of .which is in ir-
, chard.: 32 acres. in bearing; balance win bear
fruit next year; there is a crop of fruit, es-
timated at ?2000; agricultural Implements
and tools-, fruit boxes, drying trays, wagons,
¦ etc.. Included. . . . . •
The residence ia . one-story, ' contains 0
rooms, in perfect condition, modern finish;
good . stable, tank-house, ¦ \ tank, etc. ; good
• well water; large ornamental trees, lawn and.
flowers; a beautiful and healthly home, and
profitable; price $10,000.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO.. .
34 West Santa Clara st... San Jose.
FOR SALE NEAR BAN FRANCISCO^H
Small tracts, $00 to $90 per. acre, on Hancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future. value assured, as
. Ean Francisco is Browing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for
pamphlets and information.
LAND bargains; new catalogue, eent free.
Wooster, Whitton & Montgomery. 634 Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, rang«?.«, tlm- I
ber. mines. EMMONS & SON,- Mills bld^. • '
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
- Trains leave and are due to arrive at
: SAN FKANCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
LEAVE — FllOM JUXH 1. 1302. — 1MIT1
~ 7.00a Benlula. Eulsna, Elmira and Sacra-
mrntj 6.55p
7.00a Vacavllle, "Winters, Ramsey 7.55*
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Xnpa, Callstoga, Sunta Rosa 6-25P
8.00a Davis, Woodland. Knights Landing.
Mary*Tllle. Orovllle 7.55?
8.CQ.V Atlantic Kxpress— Osden and Ea«t. 8.25a
8.00a Xlles. Lathrop, Stockton 7.25p
800a Xlles. Menduta, Uanford. Vlaalia,
Porterrllle 455r
8.30a Shasta Express — .Davis, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), "Willows.
Red Bluff. Portland 7.55>
8.30a San Jose. Llrermorc. Stockton, ¦
lone, Sacramento, riacenrllle,
Mnrysvllle, Chlco; Red Bluff 4.25r
8.30a OakdalcChinese.Sonora.Tuoluinne 4-28*
9.00a Vallejo 12.25*
9.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez, •
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
Kaymoad, Fresno and Los Angeles 8-25 a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7-65r
10.00a Hayward. Nile* and "Way Stations. t!2-55»
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogdcn,
Denver, Omnha, Chicago 6.2Sp
ti-OQr Sacramento River Steamers t11.QQr
3-OQp Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento, v
Woodland, "William*, Willows,
Knights Landing. Mary grille,
Orovllle 1Q.55a
5.30i> Hayward, N!le» and "Wny Statltms.. 7.55r
4.00P Martlnez,8an Ramon. ValleJo,Xapa,
Callttoga, Santa Rosa 9.25a
4. 00p Kile*. Llverrnore, Stockton; Lad!.. 12.2&P
4.30p Hayward.I»Ue»,SanJo8e.l,lTennore tS.aS*
4.30P Thft Owl Limited— Fresno, Tutare,
BakersQeld, Sauzug for Santa
- Barbara, Lo» Angeles... 865*
B.OOp PortCo9ta,Tracy,Lsthrop,Stockton 1025a
B.OOp Martinez. Antloch. Stouktun, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25p
t5.30P JJlles Local 7.25a
B.OOp Hayward. Niles and San Jose 7.65a
tfi.OOP Valleio , 11.25a
S.OQ? Oriental Mall— -Ogden, Denver,
Omnha, St. Louis, Chicago. ...... 4-25p
703p Snu Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and War Stations 11.25a
t700p Vallejo 755p
805p Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. - 8.55a
3.9.1QP Hayward and X lies t11-55A
COAST LINE (narrow Uaase).
(foot of Market Street.) ¦
17.45 a Santa Cruz Excurtton 18 . 05 r
845a Newark, Centerrllle. San Jose,
! Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stntiuna.. 5 50p
t2-15P Newark, Centcrvtllc. San Jose.
New Alraadcn, Velton, Boclder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4.15p Newark. San Ja»r. Los Gatos t8-50A
*4-15p San Jose, Lou ttstos. Santa Craz . . . «r8.60 a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KUAN CISCO, Foot of ilnrkct St. (Slip 8)
— fT:15 9-.M) 11:00 a J(. 1-00 3 00 6.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot <>f Broadway — +6:00 JS:0O
fft:Oa \rt:m a.m. 12 00 200 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broart C».i?e).
(Third and i'ownsend Street*.) .
6.1 0 a San Joee and AVay Sbitlons . 6.36a
+7.00 a San Jone and Way stations +8. 00a
//.10a New AtoadeD.. ....... /4.10P
:7.15 a Monterey Excursion iS-SQr
8.00a Coft»i Line Limited — San Jo«e,
Gllroy. S*!inn«, San Luis Oblspo. ¦
S4nta Barh»ra. Lot Ancelc* audr '•
¦-•¦¦ -•' Principal Intermediate Stations. 1045p
9.00a Ean Jose. Tres Finos. Santa Cruz,
Pacillc Grove. S«lln«s. S«n Lul«
Oblspo and Priacipal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10?
10.30a Sun .Ios« and Way Stations 8.33a
11.30a SaaJose.LoftGatosandWnySUtlons -19.00a
c1.30p San Joac and Way Stations a7.00r
2.301- San Mateo. Itedwood, PrIo Alco,
Kanta . Clara, San .lose. Tres
Pluoft, gantft Craz. Sallua*. P«!
Monte, Monterey aad Pacific
Grove, i ." : . 10.45a
I3.30P S*n Josennd Vi'ay Sfntl.in? 7-3CP
t4.00r D*.\ Monte Kxprea*— On! y stops San
Jose '. t12.01*
430p Snn Joseand PrlnctpalWaySratlOns 1.30i>
tS.OQp s^» Jose. Los Uatos and Principal
¦ Wny StuloM . ... ... 6.30P
5.3Dp SanJ*>candPrlnvlpalWa.rStiitlons 6.30p
. IS15p San ¦ Mateo. lielmonr.. llctlwood.
Menlo Part. Palo Alto 16.46a
6.30p Snu Jose and "Way Stations..... ... 7-30*
,7.00p New OrJeaas Express — Snn Lnls
" Oblspo, Santa IJnrhnr«. Ins An- -
— . kc1«-s. Demlno:. El Paso. Xcw '•
Orleans and East........ 1 0.15a
•11-45P San Jose and WiirStnUnn*."... ....
A for Mornlnif. =• V~t jr Afternoon.
t Sunday esccpted. \ Sunday only,
a Saturday only. . — - . . c Monday only.
h Saturday and . /Taetday and Frldajk '
&uuday only, " -j
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ¦ '
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
City or country." . PACIFIC - COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES SUPPLIES.
A DROP-HEAD SEWING -MACHINE, $16 50.
$10 60 buys new improved , drop-bead; oak :
' woodwork; improved attachments; agency for
I all the leading sewing imachlnes; phone How-
ard 3264. ¦ 145 Sixth St.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
storage: a'nd warehouses.
PIE^ciE^R^DOI^r^tora^e^^M^v^'^oTru^
flee Post and Powell sts. ;. tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
; Mission gt. ; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfu*s.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange; 636 California: telephone Matn 26(1.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING & MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewitlng, 4c folio: copies, 2c; mlm-
eographtng. 927 Markt, rm.305; Howard 1530.
VITAOPATHY.
DO you suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
ailments or trouble of any kind? Try "Vlta-
opathy." IVAN McLAUGHLIN, 1104 Mar*
ket. rooms. 11 & 12; free treatment ..Wednes!
ROOMS AND BuARD.
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new, strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises; electric light and elevator; private
baths: single and suits; hot and cold
. water; steam heat; telephones on every floor.
THE MCALLISTER, 503 Van Ness ave.; Just
opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references. t ¦ . ¦
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny front suite;
i piano; every .convenience; references. 316
: Eddy st. : /
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH," 812 Eddy st. — Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— Hlgh-clasa house;
¦furnished suites or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man wants room and board; private
family; $13 to $20. Box 1050, Call office.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, CaTrJ^mTToTT.OO^-Seaiea
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, June 20, 11KJ2
and then opened, for Grading, Building
Roads, Drains, etc., at Fort Rosencrans,
Cal. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids. In whole or in part.
Preference jtiven to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
tent of consumption required by the publio
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to D. D. WHEELER, Deupty Quar-
termaster General, Chief Q. M.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices «ent by
. mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
: in at either of the publication offices and bft
I Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
| fcons authorized to have the same published.
I BARTLOW— In this city, June 9, 1902, to the
wife of Frank Bartlow, a son.
BENSON— In this city, June 4, 1902, to the
wife of Captain John Benson, a son.
DOWLING— In this city. June 12. 1002, to the
wife of Michael Dowllng, a son.
GOTELLI— In this city, June 8, 1902, to the
wife of G. Gotelli. a son.
McT'ALL — In this city, June 6. 1902, to the
wife of Joseph McFall, a con.
-McVIG AR— In tK5s->«Hs:r June -10, *1902r to the ¦
wife «f . John McVlcar. a daughter. .
PETERSEN— In this city. June 14, 1902, to
- the wife of John Petersen. a daughter.
MAHBIED.
NOLAN— MAYER— In this city, June 10, 1002,
by.. Rev. Father Maximilian, O. F. M.,
George J. Nolan arid Josephine C. Mayer.
_____
Berry. Catherine McKenzie, Daniel J.
Brady. Anr.ie D. McPhlllits. Mary
Dobbel. John C. - Marye, Helen T.
Krland, Fred Morris, Slgmund
Krland. Fred C. O'Brien. James I.
Firebausrh. H. C. ' O'Brien. Terrenes
Garbarino, Freddie O'Day, James H
.. Hall, Olga E. V. • Rehfuss, Wilhelm J.
Henrlchsen, Selda Remington, Helen IS..
Herzo; Anna' •¦¦ Rutter, Teresa
Hojan, Euserie Samuels, Dr. K. H.
Hopcraft, Sydney • Saunders, Amelia
Josselyn, Lucy M. Sherer, Elizabeth
Kelly, 'Klizabeth : Simons.' Isadore
- Leahy, Cornelius J. ' Thompson. May A.
BERRY — In this city, June 14, 1902, Cath-
erine, wife of the late W. D. ¦ Berry, and
mother of Kitty Berry, a native of New
York. City, aged 44 years. . .
CXThe funeM will , take place to-day
(Monday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty _. Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, . thence to SL Rose's Church,
where, services will be held.. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city. June 15, 1902, Annie D.
Brady, widow of the late Owen Brady, and
daughter of Mrs. Annie Plaff, a native of
Germany, aged 02 years 8 months and 5
days. . .
DOBBEL — In Purissima, San Mateo County,
June 35, 1902, John C, ¦ beloved son of the
late Henry and Marcaret Dobbal. and
s brother of Henry, August A.. William F.
and Charles H. Dobbel and Mrs. R. Rohde
and Mrs. H. Kluver, a native of Mount
Eden, Cal., agyl 43 years and 17 days.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, at 1:30 o'clock, at the residence of
George Shoults. Interment Purissima Ceme-
tery..-
ERLAND — In this city, June 14, 1002, Fred,
eldest and beloved son of Mrs. Lena Hall
ftnd the late Captain N. C. Erland, and
brother . of Mrs. M. Raulpaugh, James Er-
land and Georgina, Lena and Phoebe Hall,
a native of San Francisco, aged 28 years 3
months and 19 days.
IC Friends I and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of hla mother, 15 Lapidge street, betweer.
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Valencia and
Guerrero. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by electric funeral car. . '.
ERLAND— In this city, June 14, 1902,- Fred
0. Erland, husband of Hattie M. Erland a
native of San 'Francisco, aged 2S years 3
months and 19 days.
FIREBATJGH— At Palo Alto, Cal June 15
1002, H. C. . FirehaUKh, ' a native of Ohio'
nged 68 years. (Healdsburg papers pleasu
copy.)
O-^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend funeral services at
Palo ' Alto, June 17, 1902, at 10:30 o'clock
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery at 12:45
o' clock. *
GARBARINO — In this city, June 15 1902.
Freddie, dearly -beloved son of Angelo and
Flora Garbarino. and loving brother of Kmll
Ricco. Eddie. Eda and Eleanore Garbarino'
a native of San Francisco, aged' 2 years 5
months and 10 days. ¦
HALL — In this city, June J5, 1002 Olga E
; V. Hall, beloved daugHfer of Alfred ami
Caroline Hall, and sister of Terese C and
¦ Clarence A. Hall, • a native of Sonoma Cal
. nped 5 years 5 months and 15 days. ".*
HKNRICHSEN — In this city, June 14 1002
. Kt-lda, youngest and beloved dauchter of
' John and Theresa - Henrlchsen, and sister of
Clara. Anr.ie, Josle and Harry Henrichsen
a native of Petaluma, Cal., aged 2 years 11
, months ana 28 days. | : .
HERZO — Requiem high mass will be cele
• brated to-morrow (Tuesday),- a t 9 o'clock
at the Italian Church, corner Filbert and
Dupont . streets, for: the reDose of the soul of
the late Anna Herzo. Relatives, friends and
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
; iSuccessor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ' '.'
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth Rt.. opposite Lincoln School,
Telephone South 80. ,
Mt> Olivet Cemetery,
1 ': ~ NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
. ' • •' ' Telephone Bush 367.
NEW FIRM O ( F UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; F. V. Green, lat* with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have - opened new . Funeral Par-
lors at 1171' Mission St., between Seventh
and Kighth. Telephone. South 44.' ...
AUCTION SALES
£-rs OCCIDENTAL £--
/t * ? HORSH EXCHANGE.
Biier Hill Day Me.
The heaviest and handsomest well-
broken young draft horses ever of-
fered at auction, as well as some of
the finest driving horses and perfect-
ly trained saddle horses, will be dis-
posed of. >.- ;
On TUESDAY. June 17, I will sell from tha
PIERCES' Yerba Buena Stock Farm a con-
signment of DRAFT HORSE3 weighing from
1400 to 1C00. all purpose and standard trotters,
brood mares and their foals': and from their
SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM, standard and
registered trotters. Including fine matched
teams, sired by Sidney Dillon (sire of DoUy
Dillon, 2:07). On Stan!ey-2:17V», Fram 2:UV».
Diablo 2:C9»i, Bay Rose 2:20'.a. Director 2:17,
Electioneer, General Eenton, etc. Send for
catalogues.
: " WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
fe
JUST ARRIVED
And Will Be Sold.
Car of good gentle broke horses; -*CTt horses
sold must be as represented, or money refund-
ed. Sale commences at 11 a. m.. 1140 Folsom
St., Tuesday, June 17. Also a large assortment
ortamp, express, laundry and peddling wagons,
Burrtes. buggies, carts and 50 sets of sing!*-
harness.
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION.
If you want to sell anything or buy anything
wait for our auctions. We have a large as-
sortment of HORSES to suit any. business;
also a lot of WAGONS. BUGGIES. CART3
and HARNESS. GROVE-ST. STABLES.
Grove st.. bet. Polk st. and Van Ness ave.
THURSDAY. June 19
MADIGAN". O'XEILL & CO.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
fe* AUCTION SALE-40 HEA3
Gentle broke work and driving 'horses, con-
signed by A. F. Rookcr. Stockton, v •
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET.
MONDAY. JUNE 13. 11 A. M.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
- Leave Market-Street Ferry TJenot.
Lim' d
Local Mon& Local Ovrl'4
Dally Thurs Dally Daily
Lv ten Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p S:00 p
Ac Stockton 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:13 p 11:15 9
"Merced .. 2:35 p 1:17 p ....... 1:30 a
" Freano ..I 4:10 p 2:35 p 3:15*
•* HanfoM . 6:5S p 3:27 p .- 8:05*
" VisaUa .. 5:33p B:0Oa
" B'k«r»ra I 8:10 p 5:20 p 7:33*
"Kan 1 City. ' 2:31a 8:02 a
** Chicago 2:15 p 8:47 p
a lor monuns. p tor atternoon.
9:00 a. m. Dally U BakersSsld Local.
! stopping at all points in San Joaquin Val-
. ley. Corresponding train arrives at S a. m.
daily. - . -
0:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is tha
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
: ing Cars and DInin; Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Eakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train.. Corresponding train arrives
at 11 :10 p. m. Tu«3day and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally.
8:CO p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 0:0O p. m.
daily.
Offices — 041 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. . ¦ • ' '
C1LIF0BNIA NORTHWESTERN U. Ci)
LESSEE^ -¦¦.'..¦
SA» FRANCISCO . AH* H0SBPAC1RJ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiboroa *"erry, foot ojC 3££*lcet St«
SAN FRANCISCO TO fAN RAFAEL
NVEIKK DAYS— 7:30. U;tu. 11:00 a. m.; 12:30.
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Tiiuradays — Extra tri»
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays — .Extra trips as
1:50 and 11:30 p. a.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:3O. 11:90 a. in.: 1:30, 3:30.
• :00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAX itAFAUL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05, 7:35. 7:50. 0:20, 11:13
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 6:00. 6:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 8:Sfl p. m.
SUNDAYS— 5:C0. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. .1:43.
4:65, 6:05. «:25 p. m. '
Leave I la Effect I Arr>v»
Ean Francisco! May 4. 1002. lSan Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I We«k
Days. I days. I tlon. f days. ( Cays.
7:30 a 8:00 a tenacio »:10a 8:40*
3:30 d 9:30 a • and 10:40 a 8:44* a>
6:10 p 6:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 9
( 7:M p
7:30 a 8:0O a Petaluma, {10:40 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 9:3Oa and ' 6:05 p 10:20 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Santa Resa 7:35 p 820 9
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 19:20 a
5:00 p Bealdsbur* 10:40 a
-. Lytton
Geyservill*
8:30 p 8:00 a| Cloverdala 4 7:33 p 0:20 H
7:30 a I 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a 1 10:20 a!
8:30 p| 6:00 pf Uklah f 7:35 p[ <:2t>p>
7:30 a[ 8:00 a| WUUts | 7:33 p| 6:20 3
7:30 at 8:00 al Guernevllla I 7:33 pll0:20»
8:30 p| 6:00 p{ |lO:40a| 6:29 p
7:30 at 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40a
5:10 pi 8:00 pi Glen Ellen I 8:05 p| «:3>l!>
7:20 al 8:00 at Eebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 *
3:30p|5:C0p| | 7:33 p{ 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa far Mark Weal
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultoa
for Altrarta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; aa
Ueyservllle for Ekaggs Springs: at ClovardaM
for tha Geysers and BoonevlUe: at Hopland tot
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. KelaeyvUla*
Carlsbad Springs. Soda. Bay. Lakeport aad
Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Spring*.
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Doll
Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Potnov Pou
ter .Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerley**,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Onr\i
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Cam 3
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
We.«tport, Usal; at Willtts for Sherwood, CahtG.
Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cummings. Bell's Sprlnga*
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia aa<i
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-.
fiueed rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all potata
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st, Chronlcls bolld*
in H. C WHTTIXO. H. X. KTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Saaaallto Ferry* 1
Commencing April 21, laui
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALUES
AND SAN RAFAEL. *—*
WEEK DAYS— «:45. •TMfi. »:-i3, 0:30. ll:0«
a. m.. 12:20. *1:43. 3:13. 4:13^ 8:1a. f.u.
S:45. 9:45. 11:43 p. m. 7:13 a. m. Uoes noc
lun to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00. 10:00, U:0O.
11:30 a. m., 12:30. -1:30. 2:39. *«S:43, S:VO, ti:W,
;:SU, »:4fi. 11 :« p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. 'C^O, 7:40. 3:15. •U:3<L
11:00 a. m.. 12a* 2:13. 'S:M. 4:40. 5:30. «:u||
10:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:00. *8:00. 9:30. nirtJO a. m..
•12:C0 m.. 1:00. 2:16. •3:30. *:1\ •6:43. 8;*^
7:30. 10:13 r. m.
» Trains marked (•> start trom San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:40. «:40. 7:43. 8:23, W:*J,
11:10 a. m.. 12:33. 2:43, 3:30. 6:10. 9:20. Jay,
10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:63. 10:05. 11:10 a. m..
12:13. l:Z0. 2:30. 3:45. 6:00. «;Q0. 7:13. 10:**
m * ' THROUGH 3TRAUIS. '
7:43 a. m. week days — Cazadero and wxy
ktations.
3:15 o. m. Saturdays — Cazaclero aa4 way
stations.
6:15 p. m. week days (Satordays exsepted)— .
Tomales and way stations.
8:1/0 a. m. Sundays — Casadero and way
stations. '
10:00 a. m. '" Sundays — Pclat Reyea and way
ttations.
l^eal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Eunday time. .
nOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- • n,^^^,^.^ |un-_ Week
9::5Oa. 8:00 a. i««. .. t« Vila p. 9;15a.
1-M p! "T»r:B! OF TMIPIT slso V 'Z^i
2:20 p. Qp«a»>m»j«n»«««. 8:15 r. ,...':^.
Xkkat OScm. 421 X.iBKS'T 5TS££: ui 9AC&1UXO WBX .
FOR SALE— -Cow.
SAFES— New and fiecond-haid. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-42:: Sacramento st.
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMaRtfns, SE. cor. 24 & Brannan.
1PT-CI.ASS r<J-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krosh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market tt.
MAGIC lsntf rns. new and 2rt-h»nd moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SIISCELr.AXEOrS WAXTS.
lilU prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 2S Htocktoo St.; phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes.
£ny condition. Farnsworth Electrical Wks
1S5 Jessie 6t;
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
_«?end pogul; will call. Box 4900. Call office.
OLD jrold, silver, diamonds and preciou7"itons«
bought. J. R. JgNKEL^JlJMarket gt.
TILTON wonts rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 »th gt.: tel. Jennie 2SM. j
MOXEY TO LOAX.
HERMAN MURPHY. C01-C02 Examiner btfg.
$4,5UO,C0O at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE
On first and second mortgages
Life intercut* In estate*
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate
. Estates in probate — Legacies
Assignment of rents
Life insurance policies
. -Flaajicial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
••- V^ee HERMAN MURPHY
:...e01-C02 Examiner building
. A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 'i.
Leans any aniour.t at lowest rates.
Dea! direct with lenticr.
Ob first mcrtcajres.
On Pfccnd mortgrapts. ' '
Oo ihird mortgages.
On undivided interests in rr-al *Etat».
On estates in luofcatc.
On JepadeE ,
NO DELAY.
Telephone M.t!a 33'C
P.. UrCOLGAN. L'4 Mor.igor:ery St.. xec:n 3.
ANY preposition, any amount; 0 per cent; first.
Fcccnd smd third mortgages, estates !n j>rc-
bate. interest in estates. 1-gacies. undivided
;nteret:u>. securities. iraiiuiJicturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation ioarj-. Rcora 16.
m floor. ChronUje !>!?. CiEORGE K. OLSEN.
BESmSnE 1 LOAN* AND TRUST COMPANY.
Snfe Deposit bldjr-. ->-S Montgomery *t..
¦U'ill rr:£iie !car.s c.:i real ctltte. :
- 7.cw; rate of Interest:
Long or shcrt tt;si.
lilGKLY retiiectr.ble jjrivnte place to obtain I
- liberal cfiv&ntcs on diamonds, jewoiry, at I
".invent, rales. ESaldvSa Jewflir Store. S40
Market st.: tr'. Main J<:»4. Branch 1.9 Third. J
— . . ¦ I
V.rNICIPAL. Lean Office. 1HT Oract ave.. nsar !
Ceaxy **.; pbea4 Rrd jCC:).
ON real ?stste, 1st cr 2nd mortgages ami on
furniture or pianos: no- removal: any amount;
. lowert rates. BECKER. ::C Geary st..room "M.
-iCr. DISCOUNT AOKNCY— I^iar.s to tttufed I
• jwjpie on t;:*-:r note. 1
— T iL E L T .°-!if LE ]L CO ¦•••I*"- Phe'.sn b'.Jit. I
. <--N furniture-, pinncs; vo r^mcval;rftotKy fju! r ~:
lowest ir.tero&t; e:u-y t?rti!f : «o brok^r^iR^; I
rs^bic. party. 1170 Market rL.",*. room «:.S. •
LLFVIXG. (JIG Examir.or MJ:;: losr.i ya : •;;:;<>'. I
furniture, at 2 per cent witiicuf rec»<>V*l: i
no com. strictly con£dential. TeLBlack 3£<J.
$10 TO flCO lHr.r.cd *a!ar5ed tieople without se-
<utiiy; quietly, fiuickly. confidentially: irtTveol
ratts: easy pajunent*. Prate. *53 Parrctt 1>1«.\
LOANS 0:2 furniture cr pla-'-a •tUWBt removal;
?.n? amount; lov.-est rat?:; goods Sn wareho-jse;
¦ or.fnigr.tial. OR2.1SKY. 23 Montgomery *t.
LOSTIEST rates en furniture, etc., by private
narty; 110 removal: no commission; ronfideu-
t:;:l. Room 3. Conservatory fclag-., r.ui .lones.
IiaVATE pany leans 510 cp en plaros. fum..
without removal; ccnCden. -035 Iiark?t. r. S.
o;-: f-jrniture, p'.ar.os: lo?.-pst rat?: no removal;
stnrtly private. E.\Y.LICK.116 McAllister at.
3% ON lurr.iture & pianos^ $15 i:p; no removal.
Phor.e Black 17CS: room 81. « Eddy. Iloor 4.
Money leaned e.-ilariei pecji'e without security.
HUJj. r. 4i, Merchar-u" Ksc. 411 California.
OXB p«r cent on fur::!rure: ?3 a north on each
?10C0: er,y security. Montgomery St.. r. L
CAST! loaned «tlaric-j| people en note without
irdoreer. MORRHLL. COS Kxaciiser bldg.
LOAN'S money on Eslzry; r.a lnd'>n:er: Eastern ¦
T\rr.. Wertfrn Leap. Co.. V.'J» Phelaii b'.dg. -
LSI CAL I\STRL'3tK.\TS.
THIS is the l-est time of the year to have
>uiir jiiauo renovated and put in order. \£e
'have the b»st turer aaU repairer in <ha city,
and a finely equ:;jpcd Shop in which to do
. Ell klaCM ot repairing ju:d vcrniK.hir.g; first-
o^ass work will be donr; at reasonable prices. I
Have the piano fixed v. hi!e you ere a wny on i
your vacation. THE ZHNO MAUVAIS I
Mt.'.SIC CO.. 7U3 tSJxiBCt st. . i
"VYISSNER, Baumolster cr Stodari pianos ar»
our most popular ir.sti-ujr.ents. You can buy
on the payment plan If vou wish. TKE
ZENO MAUVAIS 1IUSIC CO.. 769 Market.
ALL. makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and larrest stock; $359 buys a feccU
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
. :t Steinway $03 to $2Sa
2 Knabe JS5 to S11O
•J Fischer $75 to $155
3 Bourne £40
Over MOO Keir.e pianos In S. F. As»nti Tor
famous old Cabler end 20 ethers. Rents and
instsJJments ?2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall, 235-237
Geary ft.
ALTHOUGH macy Seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
mnd terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
tl^at we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine piancs and largest
a«?ortmer.t c? be«t makes to choose from.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Keamy and Sutter sts.. S. F v Broad-
way .ar.d Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
__ ANT piano Sold by us taken back any time
wltbln two years and full purchase prlee al-
lowed on a new peerless Kr.aba at regular
price; costs you only l!0c a dav to buy a
riiano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell Et.; established 1S50.
A CHICKERING— A VOSE— A STERLING. '
A Steinway — A Fischer— A Steck.
And ten others from $C0 up.
All uprights, easy payments, fully guaranteed.
EENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR pianos, the leading nickers; prices $100
upward; values best In city. PIERCE'S
, PIANO FACTORY, Market. 14th & Church.
BANDONIOX for sale; double octave with
tnuslo. 6OTA Natoma et.
ON aale — A. large Steinway -unrfght; good aa
new; must sell. 2S7 Geary st>
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos In city.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co., 5C0 Hayes et.
Person departing for Germany sacrifice superb
large new S^pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
$1C»— ALMOST new 3-pedal upright: easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister -st., next Hibernia Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., «51 Market it. —
Steck. Everett. Ludwig and other good pianos.
SNAP— 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights.
dropped -from catalcguc,$250. Bruenn,206Po8t.
BYRON MAITZY. SOS-310-312 Post «t.; Sohmer
end other pianos and pipe organs.
¦SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AST) STORES. TO Eet\
EL'XNY modern offices", single and en suite S3
and upward. 410 Kearny et. SPECK & CO.
' 667 Market st.
CHARY. 1513 A— New and convenient; $13
SPECIC & <T>.. «67 Market «t.
LARGE etore with high basement, fronting on
2 fts. ; below Keirny rt. «3C Clay et.. room 1_
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L. NEERG A^nD^&iTTT^T. 700
Post St., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor St.. bet. Oary and Post ;tel. Black 561.
I'KKSO.ViLS.
IF your hair Is falling. s«nd for DR. G. 8.
MOORCS Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair ta grow on bald heads. A positive
»;ure for eczema; preparation eent to all parts
of the world: call or send for circular. DR
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell et., S. F.
LADIES — Come where you get real bargains;
. -stylishly trimmed hats, fl up; fine Tuscan
ttiaws. 45c; trimmings sold at cost; hats
trimmed, 25c; pressed and cleaned. 25c New
store, 238 4th st.. bet. Howard and FoUom.
AN «!<TPiBt line of remnants for suits to order.
BIS; with these cults we make an extra pair
•;f pants free of charge; other euits on install-
'•rjentt. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS 1117 Market
st... between Seventh and Eighth. ,
EI.ECTKTC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 4t Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms,
25c to $1 SO per night: $1 00 to $5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A—WHAT do you think? O. HERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored ehlrts to order; $1 each-
same as white shirts; selection 300 pajterns.-
E UPER*FLUOUS hair end moles destroyed with
r :ectri<- needle. M1S3 EATON. 1119 Butter at.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. II 75. Popo-
lcr Price Hatter*;. 230 Keamy bt., near Pine.
FINE PITITS. S10: orrss pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING' PARLORS, 437 Montgomery et.
REAL ESTATE^COPXTRY— For Sal©
OJaTy^iuwT PE.H ACRE?" ~~~ ''
- 150 or ISO acres of tha finest land In the State;
all get In alfalfa; fenced In fine fields; abund-
ance of water for Irrigation: all this land is
richest, sandy loam, 50 to 100 feet deep ever/
foot ot which is prepared for, Irrigation; In ad-
dition to the irrigation ditches a large- creek
flows along thf entire northern boundars-, which
is lined with heavy oaks ana other shads trees;
this stream i s accessible to all the fields; fur-
nishing water and shade for the stock; every
foot of this land will produce In abundance
everything that grows In California; improve-'
ments consist of- a modern cheese factory, with
lateet appliances, a model feed barn for 100
head of milk cows and 200 tons of hay, fenced
corrals through which a perpetual stream flows;
a cottage and other buildings; land is now -rent-
ed for $12 per acre cash, paid in advance; sit-
uated in Stanislaus County, \* mile from steam,
er landing and 2^4 miles from Crows Landing
(a railroad town); only $130 per acre: pay 9
per cent. For further particulars apply to
DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
¦ - 219 Montgomery st.. S. F.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties: land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg..
Ean Francisco.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co., Petaluma. for
list of bsrsrnlrm in fruit and chlrken ranches.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.'
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches In Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R: Clark. Agua Callente. Sonoma Vallsy.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, .rent or exchange — An elegant 8-
room modern house. ' all conveniences: fine
corner lot; best locality; a great bargain;
$40C0. • •
Must be «old; a large S-rooin house; lot COx
150; near Chestnut-st. station. See the above,
this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY, 1500 Park Et., Alameda.
HOUSES, cottages and lots for sale near
. ech'ools and stations ; also for rent, furnished
and unfurnished houses. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS fz CO.. Bay Station. Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR rent, furnished or unfurnished, for term
not less than one year. 10-rt>om house; mod-
ern improvements; 'eunny location; unfur-
nished $35. 1448 Caroline s.t.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
NICE front room to rent to lady. Address 1010
Santa Clara ave.. Alameda. N
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
I BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
j COTTAGE — S room*, modern convenience, bath.
i etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;
• choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
O^KLAXD^FimXITlTRE^OR^ SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCIIELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
RjO^MS^FOR^HOUSEICEEPIiVG.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
euite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free: near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
- guna sts.
BIRCH ave., 615, bet. Laguna and Buchanan —
$7; 3 housekeeping rooms.
ELIZABETH. 2, off San Jose ave. — 2 unfurn.
front rooms; light housekpg.; sunny; cheap.
ELLIS. 651 — 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms
to let.'
FILLMORE. £219, near Clay— 5 sunny fur-
nished rooms; bath; nice yard; housekeeping.
FULTON, C71— 2 furn. rooms for housekeep-
ing; newly renovated: separate entrance; $10.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. . 024 — Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; frnshd; gas stove; rent reasonable.
JUNIPER, 2. off Folsom. between Tenth and
Eleventh — 2 unfurnished hkpg. rms, bath, $6.
MCALLISTER, 935 — 3, nicely furnished room's
and 2 partly furnished, $10 and 12.
MISSION. 2003^2—22 complete housekeeping
rooms with gas stove; rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 1303, corner Geary— Large sunny
bay-window front parlor with kitchen; fine
gas Etove; 513. . • .. . ..
O'FARRELlZ £2.0— 3 rooms complete for
housekeeping; all conveniences.
SEVENTEENTH, 3874—3 or 4 sunny furnished,
rocms of a cottace; back and front yard;
modern improvements. . ¦
SIXTEENTH, 307", near Valencla-^-2 large
sunny connecting rooms for housekeeping.
STEINER, 1433— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping. ._ ¦
STOCKTON. 1206— Model house; newly fur- \
nished: gas, bath and sunny; front and house- i
keeping.
TAYLOR, 246. cor. Ellis— 3 sunny connecting
housekpg. & single rms.; phone Howard 1777.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3720, near Dolores — 1 nice
rooms complete.
VAN NESS ave., 402— Entire upper flat; 3
rooms; neatly furnished; gas stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Fam. and Unfurn.
AKGELUS NOW OPEN
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view. 530
¦ Stockton st., bet,- Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant
sunny; 75c day. upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In California. •
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms, I
25c to $1 p'.r night ; $1 23 to $5 per week,' and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1-
Fifth St.); rooms 26c, 50c, $1. $1 50 night,
$1 50 to $10 per week; house open all night.
A HANDSOMELY furnished suite;. central- gas
electricity, hot water, grand pianoforte; $50.
Box 1058. Call office. ' .
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, .single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. •
EDDY.. 118 — Sunny nice furnished front suite-
cheap; other rooms, $(i to $8 month; no trans.
ELLIS, 821 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms 35c
$1 00 night; $1 50, $6 week; open 'all night!
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; modern improve-
mentg. 3446 Twentieth st., near Capp.
FOLSOM. 820, near 4th— $1 per week, furnished
rooms.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission— Rooms 35c to
$1 60 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HAYES, 829— Large furnished room for two
gentlemen; breakfast and supper optional.
JESSIE, 363, near Fifth and Market— Furnish-
ed rooms, $5 per month.
MINNA. 6«7, cor. Eighth — Newly furrfltehed
bay-window room, $1 per week: transient.
MINNA, 725^i, bet. 6th and Oth — Large front
bay-window room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
MISSION. 1061, opp. new Postoffice— Double
and single rooms; sunny; convenient, v'
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh— Single sunny
front room; $5 per month. '
OAK. 125 — Nicely furnished sunny room; gatT
bath; $7. ¦>¦ . :
O'FARRELL, 317— Sunny furnished rooms with
bath; gentlemen preferred; $10. »
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 402. corner Taylor— Nice sunny
suites or In single; running water.
PINE place, 6, off Pine St., near Mason, apply
at — Three unfurnished rooms. -
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis—Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms., per night, 35c to $1 50; week $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eishth""st
near Market — Furnished; also S unfurnished.'
STOCKTON. 603— Nice sunny furnished rooms
single suite; also housekeeping rooms.
SUTTER, 303%— Front room; 2 beds; suitable
/ for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.'
SUTTER. 848 — Elegant furnished .rooms, with
or without board: bath; 10 minutes' " walk of
Kearny Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an,d subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
<¦ SUMMER RESORTS.
$S00— Sta. Crus cottage; 7 r. : nr. beach depot;
'60 ft. HAYES, cor, Greenwich and Hyde.
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
. tend. . . . - . -
HOGAN— In this city, June 14, 1002, Eugene,
beloved husband of .Mary Hogan/and dearly
beloved father of Mrs. William Wilson, Mrs.
David Carroll and Mrs. J. Hennessey, a na-
tive of Fermaugh, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 09 years. ¦
ESTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), June 17, at 10 o'clock, from tha
residence of his daughter. Mrs. David "Car-
roll, 2S Bluxbme street, between Fourth and
Fifth, thence to St. Rose's Church for serv-
ices at 10:30 o'clock. 'Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • .
HOPCRAFT — In this- city. June 14. 1902.
Sydney Honcraft, dearly beloved brother of
Mrs. " E. A. Beattie, a .native of England,
aged' 31 years.
(cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lat-.-
residence, 116 Page street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,' com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by 10:40 train from Twenty-nfih
and Valencia streets.
JOSSELM&— In this city/ June 14, 1902, Lucy
M.-.'J<Jlselyn, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 00 yearn \> months and 10 days.
fE?" Friends and members of Bethany Con-
S gregational Church are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral services Monday, June
16, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at the mortuary chapel
of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,'
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst. In-
terment CyDress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from the corner of Eight-
¦ eenth and Guerrero streets, at 2:30 o'clock.
KELLY— In this city, June 15, 1902, , Eliza-
beth, dearly beloved wife of Patrick Kelly,
and mother of Mary, Lizzie and Harry Kel-
ly and the late William Kelly, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 55 years.
{E?*Remains at .the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
LEAHY— In the Philippine Islands, Cornelius
J. /Leahy, late of Company A, Thirty-sixth
Infantry, U. S. Volunteers, beloved son of
Mary and the late Patrick D.' Leahy, and
brother of Daniel F. and Maurice A. Leahy,
Sister M. Reginald and Kathleen C. Leahy,
a native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged
25 years. .
ICFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Tuesday, June 17, 1002, at
8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of J. C.
O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn
requiem masa will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment National Cemetery, Presidio.
McKENZIE— In this city, June 12, 1902, Dan-
iel J. McKenzie, a native of Canada, aged
64 years.
McPHILLIPS— In this city. June 14. 1902.
Mary, dearly beloved and devoted wife of
Edward McPhlllins, and loving mother of
Anna, Edward, William, Katie and Frank
McPhlllips and Mrs. W. E. Cooper, a native
of the parish of Kilbreen, County, Cork, Ire-
land, aged 08 years. (Tuolumne County,.
Cal., and Kentucky papers please copy.)
ICT'Frlendg are respectfully -invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Monday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 479 Tenth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. • Please omit flowers.
MARYE— In this city. June 9, 1902, at the
residence of Christian Reis, 835 California
street, Helen Tucker, widow of the late
George T. Marye, and mother of Colonel W.
A. Marye, U. S. A., and George T. Marye
Jr., a native of Baltimore, Md. (Richmond,
Va., and Baltimore papers please copy.)
Interment private.
MORRIS— In this city, June 15, 1902, Sig-
mund, husband of Sarah Morris, : father of
Mrs. Sol Colin. Mrs. D. B. Nathan, Mrs. C.
H. Goldberg, Julius, Lons, Joseph, Bertha
and Lillian Morris, a native of Prussia, aged
71 years. .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 816 First avenue, near Fulton
street. Interment Salem Cemetery by 11 :30
o'clock train from Third and Tdwnsend
streets.
O'BRIEN— In this city, June 14, 1902. James
I., dearly beloved husband of Jane O'Brien,
and father of George R., Jennie E. and
Grade M. O'Brien, and brother Of Mathew
J. O'Brien. Mrs. T. J.. Welsh and Mrs. M. J.
Cottrcll (deceased), a native of Albany, New
York, aged 50 years 4 months and 18 days.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence,; 789^ Mission street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the' repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRIUMPH Lodge No. 180. A. O. U. W.— Of-
ficers and .members: You are notified to
\ meet at your hall to attend the funeral of
v our late brother, J. I. O'Brien, Tuesday,
June 17, ,at 9 o'clock.
WILLIAM P. MURPHY. M. W.
J. H. CATTRAN, Recorder.
O'BRIEN— In this city, June 13. 1902, Ter-
ence O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years. ¦ ....
, . Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral -to-day
(Monday), «t 1 o'clock, from tlje parlors of
J.. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment National Cemetery, Presidio.
O'DAY— In this city, June 15, 1902. James
H., beloved husband. of Julia O'Day, father
of Bell O'Day, and son of the late Dennis
and Jane O'Day, and brother of J. F., E. T.,
R. A. and Theresa A. O'Day. and Mrs. M.
MeXeili. a native of San Francisco, aged 43
years 3 months and 6 days.
(ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlora
of the Henry J. Oallagher Undertaking Com-
¦ pany, 20 Fifth street, thence .to. St. .Patrick's
Church, where a mass will be celebrated for
the repose of , his soul, commencing at 11
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REHFUSS— In this city, June 15, 1902, Wil-
helm Julius, beloved husband of Frederlcka
Rehfufcs, and father of Herman Rehfuss, a
native of Ach, Wurtemberpr, Germany, aged
50 years 2 months and 24 days. A member
of Germania Lodge No. 1718, K. of H., and
Suddeutscher Verein. • • .
REMINGTON — In this city, June 15, 1902,
Helen M. Remington, beloved wife, of Fran-
cis J. Remington, and mother of Georse -J.
and Nelson F. Remington and Mrs. Belle E.
Baker, and sister of Abble W. Southworth,
a native of Avon Spring, New York.
GTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend funeral services Tuesday, June 17, 1902,
at 1:30 o'clock, at her late residence, 127
Second avenue. Interment private.'
RUTTER (nee Stapleton) — In this city, Juna
14, 1902, Teresa, beloved- wife of Harry S.
Rutter, and daughter of Mrs. Ann Stapleton.
. and sister of Mrs. M. J. Bolger, a native of
San Francisco, aged 26 years.
ICrThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2972 Twenty-third street. Interment
strictly private.
SAMUELS — In May Held, Cal., June 15, 1902,
Dr. Edward H. Samuels, a native of New
Zealand, aged 32 years.
, ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
SAUNDERS— In this city, June 14. 1902.
Amelia Saunders, beloved mother of Edward
and Edna Saunders, and sister of Mrs. J.
C. Kellogg of Sacramento, Cal., a native of
Cincinnati. Ohio, aged 62 years.
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street.
Interment private.
SHERER— In this city. June 15, 1902. Eliza-
beth Sherer, beloved mother of Joseph
F. Sherer, Mrs. H. J. Donison and Mrs C.
" McColgan, a native of Baltimore, Md., aged
ti<» years and 5 months.
EyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0 o'clock, from St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, between Jonc3
and Leavenworth streets, where a solemn
requiem mas3 will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery . via electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets. Please omit flowers.
SIMONS— In this city. June 15, 1902, Isadore
Simons, dearly beloved father of Ad. Fred
and Nell Simons. Mrs. D. Hairerty. Mrs.
William Bcmis and Mrs. Orosco. a native of
Mainz, ¦ Germany, aged Cl years and 5
¦months.
(CNotlce of funeral hersafter.
THOMPSON— In this city, June 15, 1902, May
A., beloved daughter of John and Kate
Thompson, a native of San Francisco, aged
.. 10 months and 11 days. .
TBE ODD FELLOWS' CEMETERY
ASSOCIATION,
Funeral Conductors
(FOR CREMATION ONLY).
Funeral rooms — 420 Golden Gate ave.: tele-
phone South 934.
Oakland office — 1004 Broadway; telephone
Clay 701.
Main office at cemetery, Point Lobos ave.,
' San Francisco; telephone West 896. -
3 Prices of cremation — Adults over 15 years
of age, $25; Children under '15 years of age,
$15. Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. GEO. T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON, Sec.
FUNERAL'RB ORM BOYCOTT.
•..¦'-ThY undeftakers of San Franelsco are un-
- friendly to cremation because tha expense ia
very much less than that of Interment. They
know that If cremation sets the pace In fu-
neral reform reduced prices must be met, or
¦ graveyards closed. | They control . over flve
hundred hacks, the drivers of which belong
to tha Haekmen's Union, .Local No. 224. That
union, (through misrepresentation made to
them) has resolved not to drive for us at our
funerals or rent hacks to attend them. ;.
We think the friends of cremation will, if
necessary, dispense with a string of hacks
•and the services of the United Undertakers
rather than see Incineration obstructed by a
causeless, heartless boycott of the dead.
'-¦¦¦ We own two first-class carriages and at-
tractive hearses and -horses, which we will
furnish upon application. For further |n-
. formation, call at No. 429 Golden Gate ave.
The price of cremation Is now; Adults over
fifteen, $25;. children under fifteen years of
age. $15.
THE ODD FELLOWS' CEMETERY ASSO-
CIATIONS " GEO. T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON, Secretary.ON THE HOMEWARD WAY.
The local Shriners were bidding their
fellow Shriners farewell yesterday. Hun
dreds of the pilgrims shook the dust of
this oasis from their feet and are now
Journeying southward and eastward. Im
perial Potentae Akin and a party of
twenty-five, not including a dozen or
more Shriners of Islam Temple of this
city, left on a special train for Los An
geles at 3 o'clocK p. m. The party will
arrive at Los Angeles to-morrow, and
until Wednesday will be. the guests of
Al Malaikah Temple of the southern
city. The imperial special will return
here on Thursday and proceed directly
to Portland and Seattle, whence, affer
two or three days of fraternal visiting,
the Nobles will proceed homeward over
the northern route.
The members of El Jebel Temple of
Denver, together with Cook's band, left
for Colorado yesterday morning. The
band and drum corps played several live
ly • airs as they marched to the ferry,
where a number of local Shrlners bade
them bon voyage. The Nobles of El
Jebel carried with them the trophy won
by them in the prize drill last Thurs
day, and they promised to display it
conspicuously on their arrival home. All
the members of this temple speak in the
highest terms of the hospitality of San
Francisco, aa was evidenced by their
warm reception and treatment while in
this city.
The pilgrims from Lo* Angeles to the
number of 100 left for their homes yes
terday morning, and at 3 p. m. 200 more
followed them. The scene at Third and
Townsend streets was a lively one prior
to the departure of the Shriners. Zuh
rah Nobles from Minneapolis, headed by
Captain Shuey. also left for L/os An
geles, where they will remain till Wednes
day, when they will return to this city
on their way to Portland. After a day
spent in that city the Zuhrahites will
go to Seattle for a. brief stay, and thenee
homeward via the northern route.
FAREWELLS SPOKEN.
.The headquarters of Al Kadar Temple,
at the Lick, where so much melted snow
was dispensed during the week, was
closed for good and aye yesterday. The
Portland Shriners are now on their way
north, but the liberality with wljlch they
dispensed their so-called "melted snow
from Mount Hood, 95,000 years old," made
them many friends in this city. There
is a lurking suspicion in the minds of
local Shriners wno had the privilege of
drinking some of this melted snow that
the brethren from Portland had handed
out a gold brick, and that the snow had
received a Bourbon bath . before being
shipped to San Francisco. It is certain
that the effect upon those who drank
more than good judgment warranted was
identical with that which accompanies
a night spent out with the boys.
After. many days of extraordinary ac
tivity all those who were connected with
the Shrlner festival of last week took
a day - off. - and rested yesterday. The
various headquarters at the hotels were
closed.', and the scenes of festivity and
merriment which were so conspicuous
therein during the, past seven days were
sadly lacking. Red fezzes and bebadged
Shrlners had secreted their parapherna
lia,-and all those who were not seeking
repose were making preparations to
leave this oasis for the more familiar
ones in the far distance. The fires of
enthusiasm had burned themselves out,
and all that remained was the ashes of
satiety and that' tired feeling which at
tends the strenuous in all human af
fairs.
Departing Pilgrims Heartily
Pleased With City's
Hospitality.
Nobles Journey to Los
Angeles as Guests
of Malaikah. .
SHRINERS LEAVE
CITY IN CROWDS
A list of the newest books will be mailed
by Cooper & Co.', 746 Market street. •
Charles Reynolds, while passing the dry
goeds store of D. M. Moran & Co., 126
Sixth street . yesterday, took a fancy, to
three bolts of Indigo blue prints which
were on exhibition ¦ in. front of the store
and -ran away with them. Policeman Fon
tana was notified anfl. he arrested Reyn
olds before he had an opportunity to dis
pose of the stuff.
Took a Fancy to Prints.
Call at Santa ) Fe ticket office, 041 Market
street, for illustrated - pamphlet and full par
ticulars.---- -• - - •• -. . •
The auickest and most convenient way in
and out of the Yopemlte Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a." m. on the California. Limited you
are In Yosemite to-morrow. at 5 d. m. -
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
"The iworks <j{ certain American authors
are being well received by - British read
ers. The crisp style of .the American
writers, is. what captures ; the. average
English reader of fiction. I think the writ
ings of Americans . are gradually forcing
themselves in upon 'the English world of
letters, so that In a few years the Eng
lish people ; will ; be as well acquainted
with your writers as you are with ours.
America. Is making rapid strides In .lit
erature, and in my judgment, deservedly
&o." ¦ •• ,. ¦ ¦- - •,: ¦ •
When questioned as. to American books
and authors in England, Macmillan said:
George Macmillan, a member of the well
known London, book publishing^ firm, and
one of the proprietors of. Macmillan's Ma-
Eazine, arrived at . the Palace yesterday.
Macmillan is accompanied by his wife and
daughter, and maid and they will -remain
In the State a week, returning, to the East
and London by the Canadian Pacific.
the" British.
Authors Are Gaining Favor of
George < Macmillan Says American
The funeral will.be held under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Lodge of Masons,
of which Mr. Firebaugh was a member.
Services will be held on Tuesday, the 17th
instant, at Palo Alto, after which tho
body will be brought to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery on the train leaving Palo Alto
at noon and arriving at the cemetery
about 12:30 p. m. ., >
MEMBER. OF. NOTED . LONDON
PUBLISHING FIRM IS HERE
Mr. Firebaugh'B life had been a contin
ual struggle against ill health and the
trials of a- law practice. •
In 1S70 he married Miss C. Brown, of
Healdsburg. The living Issue Is three sons
and one" daughter, namely: William H.,
Charles,' Harry and Mrs. J. Leo Park.
One daughter, Blanche, died in 1895 at the
age. of fifteen. .
Deceased served one term in the Legis
lature of ' this State, being a member of
the twenty-sixth session. He . was a
stanch supporter of Senator Stanford at
his first election aa United States Senator.
In politics Mr. Firebaugh was a Repub
lican. — ¦
Owing to failing health he determined
to leave Newton, 111., where he practiced
law, and came to California.. Arriving in
San Francisco without money he was
toiczS. to take a jobdrivlng oxen, but the
owner of ' the oxen considered him too
light to. do the work. His next move was
to get aboard "the boot" of the stage and
go" to Healdsburg, where he practiced law
until 1S66, when he returned to San Fran
cisco, since which time he has followed
his profession in this city and as far East
as Boston. .
rr -rr ENRT . C. FIREBAUGH. €X
11 I Assemblyman from. . the ¦ Forty-
II II. first Assembly District of this
J| Ji city, -died : at his home in Palo
Alto yesterday morning at 10:20
o'clock. He was born In September,. 1S43.
in Belief ontaine, Ohio. When he was 12
years old his parents moved to Craw
ford County, III. the . Rebel
lion he desired to join* the army, : but on
account of his physical, condition was not
accepted. He then' journeyed to Indiana
to attend school;. thence .to; Delaware and
thence to Ann 'Arbor, from which latter
place he was graduated In the law.
WELL-KNOWN ATTORNBT
WHO DIED YESTERDAY AT
HIS PALO ALTO HOME.
Funeral services over the remains of
Robert J. Ferral. who died in New York
City June 7 last, were held yesterday at
the residence of the family, 856 Haight
street. There was a large gathering \ of
friends who had' known young Ferral
when he was a student In this city. After
the service the remains were taken for in
terment to Cypress Lawn Cemetery. The
casket was covered with the choicest
flowers sent by friends both here and
across th* bay.
Funeral of Robert J. Ferral.
The particular act for which- the late
Private Leahy received the distinction of
the medal of honor occurred while he was
on a scout near Porac, Luzon, September
3. 1899. Since that occasion the brave
young soldier lost his life In an engage
ment at Pilar, Luzon, December 1, 1900.
His remains were brought to this city
on the last journey of the transport Meade
and will be burled to-morrow with mili
tary honors In the National Cemetery
Presidio. . , .- ; .v ;
Mrs. Mary Leahy of 1028 Treat avenue,
this city, has received a medal of honor
from the War Department, awarded her
son, the late Cornelius J. Leahy, formerly
of Company A, Thirty-sixth Infantry Vol
unteers, by request of the President, for
most distinguished gallantry in. action in
defending and driving off a superior force
of Insurgents and with the aid of one com
rade bringing from the field of action two
fallen soldiers, one killed and the other
wounded. ¦ -.¦'.
Distinguishing Honor at Hands
of the President.
The Late Private Leahy Received
BEREAVED MOTrTTTR IS
SENT DEAD SON'S MEDAL
There was the usual large crowd In the
Park yesterday, enjoying Leader Stein
dorff's collection of musical gems. • Few
people went to tho Cliff, there being a cold
wind blowing.
The "loop" is composed of an inclined
track, long enough to give the wheel tho
terrific momentum, with which it shoots
around the perpendicular circular track.
As the time approached for the rider to
perform the feat, all eyes were turned
upward toward the starting place.
Promptly at 5 o'clock Downing mounted
his wheel and started on his flight. Every
one held his breath as the man and wheel
turned a complete somersault 'inside the
huge wooden wheel. It was all over in
a few seconds and the rider glided easily
up the short track at tho base of the
"loop." There is a slot in the narrow
track through which passes a weight at
tached to the bicycle, preventing the
wheel from leaving the track Jf the mo
mentum should be Insufficient to keep It
on.
An unusually large crowd visited the
Chutes yesterday to see Hardy Downing
"loop the loop" on a bicycle. Downing Is
a well-known rider, who has Just finished
an engagement at Los Angeles. He will
do the "loop" every afternoon and even
ing at the Chutes.
"LOOP THE LOOP'? PROVES
ATTRACTION AT CHUTES
Large Crowd Watches Hardy Down
ing Perform Thrilling Feat.
Many People at Park.
McKenzie Musical Society Holds a
Delightful Aquatic Excursion
and a Land Picnic.
More than 200 members and guests of
tho McKenzIe Musical Society attended
the excursion and picnic given by the
organization yesterday. It was an ideal
day and the pteaure-seekers had . a de
lightful time. The party embarked on
tho steamboat Caroline, and under the
pilotage of Captain Leale viewed the
sights In the bay. .George TV. Bennett's
band enlivened the trip with popular mu
sic. - The members of the singing society
gathered on the spacious lower deck and
rendered song after pong. The excellent
singing was a feature of the outing.
The excurEionists were saluted by the
ships at anchorage at Sausalito and by
passing yachts. Captain Leale had the
Caroline decked out in gay colors, and
looked spic and span himself in a trim
yachting suit.
At noon the merrymakers were landed
at El Campo. After lunching there was
dancing In the pavilion until 5 o'clock,
when the excursionists departed for
home. A race between the launch D. R.
McNeill and the Caroline proved exciting.
The outing was the most successful given
by the society in years.
length of Van Ness avenue to accommo
date all the exhibits which will be
brought to San Francisco from every part
and section of California, thus making it
the grandest and most complete street
fair in the history of California.
GAYI.Y SING AS THEY
RIDE ON THE BAY
After Mr. Brandon and his son and
friends had sufficiently recovered their
strength and had had their clothes dried
they repaired to their respective homes
and hotels.
The half drowned men were placed in
the Dolphin club's barge and brought to
the club house, where they received every
possible care and kindly attention. Their
rescuers set to and soon had a blazing
fire going, while some other members put
out and rowed toward the quickly drift
ing Gazelle. They succeeded in reaching
her after an arduous pull and brought her
in.
A yachting party came very nearly
meeting death in the bay yesterday after
noon. It was about 1:30 o'clock when a
strong westerly breeze caused boatmen to
look to their safety, and all but one of the
Eailing parties came through the heavy
seas and strong breeze without mishap.
Members of the Dolphin Boat. Club, who
were at their clubhouse, were startled by
seeing the yacht Gazelle capsize.
The occupants, notwithstanding the fear
ful force of the wind and the heavy eea,
succeeded in clinging to the capsized
yacht. T. R. Dixon, captain of th* Dol
phin Boat Club, together with Alexander
VV. Pape, T. R. Keenan and E. H. Coney,
put out from the club house and soon
reached the exhausted men who were be
ing swept away by the strong flood tide.
The rescuers got to the men not a
minute too soon, for the latter were at the
point of perishing.
Frank J. Brandon, clerk of the Senate,
was one of those aboard the ill fated
Gazelle and in his company were his son,
Dr. W. B. Hill of San Jose, Cal. Demar
tini and his brother Paul, the well known
boat builder and yacht owner of
Francisco.
Capsizing of Gazelle in
the Bay Imperils
Five Lives.
Harry missed her shortly after 11 o'clock
yesterday morning, but thought she had
gone upstairs to her bedroom to rest. Two
hours later he became anxious and went
to her room, but did not find her there.
He remembered that she had washed a
blanket Saturday afternoon and had tak
en it to the roof of the house to dry, and
concluded that she had probably gone
He went to the roof and to his horror
saw his mother lying on the roof of the
adjoining house about twenty feet below.
There is an old wooden railing around the
roof and his mother had hung the blanket
on it to drv, instead of on the clothes line.
It is supposed that while leaning over tho
railing to feel if the blanket was dry, the
railing gave way and she was precipitated
to the roof below. When Dr. J. D. Hill,
1016 Sutter street, who was immediately
summoned, arrived, he pronounced her
dead, her neck evidently having been
broken by the fall. The Morgue was not
ified and Deputy Coroner Brown, at the
request of the relatives, allowed the body
to be taken to an undertaking establish
ment. Dr. Bacigalupi will make an au
topsy.
Besides her husband and son, Mrs. Kel
ly leaves two married daughters in the
East to mourn her loss.
Sire. Elizabeth Kelly, 506 Hyde street,
met with a tragic death yesterday. She
was BS years of age and lived with her
husband, Patrick, and her son, Harry,
the latter about 22 years of age.
The grand nave of the ferry building,
•where it was intended to have most of
the exhibits, will be occupied by the State
Floral Society with its magnificent floral
fihow during Pythian week, and it is now
certain that it will require the whole
The mining districts aro anxious to ex
hibit their leading industry, and will ln
etfll exhibits showing quartz and gravel
mining in full operation. One county
alone has asked for 2500 feet of epace to
Install its exhibit, consisting of a com
plete mining outfit in operation.
It is understood that in one case a bond
cf 530.000 will have to be furnished by the
committee la order to take a. collection of
valuable specimens from the county to be
rxhibited In San Francisco.
These exhibits will revert to the county
After haying been used, while those mak
ing exhibits on their own account will
have the articles returned to them, but
¦Rill also have transportation free both
¦nays. Green fruits, botli for exhibition
and for free» distribution, will be shipped
daily.
TRANSPORTATION FREE.
The California Grand Lodge of Pythians
has appointed a committee representing
each county in California to take charge
of the exhibit. The lodges of the coun
ties have tselected their own committees
to assist in the work of making the most
creditable showing possible. Yoio County
furnishes a fair example of what is being
done throughout the State. This county
has voted an appropriation of $400 from
Its funds toward the project The people
of Yolo are alive to the importance of the
occasion and are astir in installing an ex
hibit that will be a credit to the county.
The local committees, representing Wood
land, Davlsville. Winters, Runusey, Es
parto and other sections, met and ar
ranged a plan to enlist the co-operation
of all producers and growers in the
county. They are assured of the fullest
co-operation from the Chamber of Com
merce of Woodland, the Davis and Capay
Almond Growers' Association and Morris
& Smith, the olive growers, to make ex
hibits. The railroad company has agreed
to furnish free transportation for all ex
hibits and also for fruits that are to bf»
distributed free to the visitors, provided
the people of San Francisco will furnish
the epace for the exhibits. Exhibitors will
be furnished by the committee with jars,
boxes and cartons for their fruits, fresh
or dried.
COTT2fTIES INTERESTED.
Supreme Chancellor Ogden H. Fethers
in his address entitled "All Roads Will
Lead to San Francisco Xext August" an
nounces that, all the leading transconti
nental railroads are prepared to earn'
200,000 passengers each way during the
conclave, and he is confident that the ca
pacitv of the railroads will be taxed to
their full limit.
Great preparation Is being made all
over the State of California' for an ex
hibit of the best products at the time of
the national biennial gathering of the
Knights of Pythias in this city ia August
Eext. That the distinguished vlstors shall
have the opportunity cf studying and see
ing for themselves the marvelous advan
tages and the bountiful products of the
£tate nearly every county has made an
appropriation, that the exhibit to be made
tn San Francisco shall surpass all pre
vious efforts.
Products of California to
Charm the Eyes of
Pythians.
MraEiizabeth Kelly Falls
From Roof of Her
House.
KNIGHTS SHALL
RE INFORMED
RAILING BREAKS,
CAUSING DEATH
YACHTING PARTY
COMES TO GRIEF
He was in the saloon, he said, and on
seeing Lahore enter the place invited him
to drink. "When Lahore refused he asked
him if he still carried a pistol to use on
him, when, without a word, Lahore shot
him.
'The wounded man made a statement
through an interpreter and declared that
Lahore had shot him without provocation.
Lahore is a foreman in the fertilizing
works of Bayle, Lacoste & Co., at Fifth
avenue and M street, South San Fran
cisco, where, until about three weeks^go,
La Grange was employed as a laborer.
Lahore declares that he was forced to dis
charge La Grange because of his laziness
and frequent dfunken spells. Since his
discharge, so the foreman claims, La
Grange has made many threats against
him and that lately the threats were of
such character and so frequent that he
feared that his life was in danger. .; i
Shortly after 6 o'clock last night La
hore walked into the saloon where the
tragedy occurred and was accosted by- La
Grange and invited to drink. Lahore says
that he was not pleased with the manner
of the invitation and refused it. After, a
few words. La Grange struck him. he de
clares, and to protect himself he fired
twice at his assailant. Both shots took
effect in the lower part of La Grange's
body. The wounded man wasUaken to the
City and County Hospital, where Dr. Mc-
Elroy, after an examination, pronounced
the wounds serious and probably fatal.
- Justin La Grange, a French laborer,
was shot and probably fatally wounded
yesterday afternoon during a quarrel in
a saloon at 1341 Fifth avenue. South San
Francisco. Edward Lahore, another
Frenchman, was arreste'd soon after the
affair and charged with the crime. The
accused man admits having shot La
Grange, but claims that he acted in self
defense. .
Edward Lahore Attempts
to Kill Justin La
Grange. V
Quarrel in Butchertown
. Saloon Ends in
Tragedy.
FOREMAN SHOOTS
FORMER EMPLOYE
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, MONDAY* JUNE 16, 1902.
DEATH CLAIMS
H. C. FIREBAUGH,
THE ATTORNEY
. Henry Martin, a laborer 64 years of age,
•was arrested about 6 o'clock yesterday
morning on Webster street by Policeman
J. W. Sheehan and booked on a charge of
petty larceny. The officer saw him steal
a newspaper and a bottle of milk from a
doorstep.
Wanted Milk and, a Newspaper.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and nenraJrla.
Druggists, 60c flask.. Richard & Co., 406 Clay. •
The headquarters of the local Shriners
in The Call annex was closed yesterday.
Secretary Lutz was not to be found, nor
were any of the committee in evidence
except at the ferries and railroad depot.
By to-morrow the events of last week,
which interested the entire city, will
have become pleasant memories.
Among the Nobles still In the city ia
Captain J. George Cramer of Damascus
Temple, Rochester, N. Y. Captain Cramer
Is a veteran of the Civil "War. he having
recruited and commanded Company D.
One Hundred and Eighth New York
Regiment. A peculiar circumstance in
connection with his visit here was the
meeting with W. TV. Ross of Sanborn,
Vail & Co., who was a private in his
company, and whom he had not seen
nor heard from for forty years. Captain
Cramer Is a prominent business man of
Rochester, and has a nephew living in
this city, H. P. Scranton, an employe
of Sanborn, Vail & Co.
The Nobles of Mecca Temple, who
came here on the McGee special, left
Saturday for New York. They were fol
lowed by Rameses Temple of Toronto
In the afternoon. Their departure prior
to the banquet of Saturday evening was
a disappointment to local Shrlners, who
had counted upon entertaining the New
York and Canadian contingent. The ex
planation was made that the Nobles from
the sections named were pressed for time,
and that business interests rendered their
immediate return imperative., t
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vigor cnocolate
Famous medicated — German ccc
chocolade — reg'ly 65c lb o>3
Dog-biscuit
Spratt— the best food for 4 lbs 2 KC
dogs — reg'ly ice lb D
Sweet pickles
Pin Money— delicious 23 a \ pint 20c
preserve— reg'ly 25c— 40c—
all but mangos pint 35^
J c 1 1 y glasses
4 styles — covered — plain — -5QC
rcg'ly 35 C dozen °
Whisky
O K bourbon — sweet 3 bottles <j
masri — reg'ly $r bottle — . •.
$4 gallon gallon 3
Vermouth
French or Italian— *». cqc
. reg'ly 60c quart °
C 1 a r e t
Vista del Valfe— rcg'Iy $4— <<? 2 r
dozen quarts— 50c allowance en D
return of empty bottles
Amer Picon
Use in hot weather pints 5oc
punches— reg'ly 75c — -
ji 35 quarts 51 IO
Fruit syrup
Raspberry-strawberry-pine-apple 40c
— vanilla — lemon — grenadine — .
gum — reg'ly 50c qt-5i 50 gal 51 *O
Tooth brush
Kent— very best grade— -* oc
reg'y_4oc °
Orange water— Fiquet France— 4!> c
Listerine— large bottle C
Hamamelis— the best— 15c— 25c 4 00
Nail brush
Good bristle— reg'ly 35c 25c
S o a p d i s h
Brass— nickel plated— fasten .
to wall— reg'ly 50c 4 OC
June catalogue camping
edition
432 Pins 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streots Oakland
! Bmraf IKfeft En B I^B^'^ J]
¦+ 1 W?V?5l rl ITj^sjt'S' BBS taw EMsMaVrtflHtl
GOLDBERG
BOWEN
& yO
SPARKLETS
for carbonating wines — fruit
syrups— mineral waters—
20 per cent discount
off regular prices on
siphons — cartridges — min-
eral tablets— syrups
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Table butter
Fancy creamery ;. Squar e 35c
Baking powder
Excelsior— good— reliable — -»oc
reg'ly 35c lb
rr C C
Kona coffee
Try it and you'll buy it again— 2 OC
reg'ly 25c lb
C a n n e d fruit
All but cherries and berries— % cans c 0 C
reg'ly 20c— i\ ib can— Alcalde u
Tomatoes
Hesperian— reg'ly 10c can— 3 cans 2 cc
solid packed— reg'ly 35c jar— ' ~
2 jars 55 C
Pim-olas
Baby olives 4 oz bottle. 10c
vritn pimientos 6 oz bottle
3 for 5 OC
Mo lasses
" For ginger bread— taffy pull—New rec
Orleans— reg'ly 75c gallon can ;
All-wool Suits to Order .P^
§15»50» /tf^^^s
Fine Dressy Suits t0
$20.00. lilllFll
Pants S4.5O up.
Joe Poheim, fln^
THE TAILOR. WM
1110 and 1112 Market St. Kf£|
201 and 203 Mont* y St. Yfea
143 South Spring: St., tt»,«<E2:^».
Los Angeles. WS'^>0-y
Perfect Fit Guaranteed *T2f -'^^
or No Sale. fpS*"^
fr FAVORSTE
FOR WEAK WOMEM.
IA/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PDBLIO AND ATTOflNET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Boom 1015. Claus Sprecltels Bldg.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, S21 California st.. below Powell.
Besldenc. Teteohone. James 1501.
OF THE SEASON.
.10*000 YARDS.
The largest singls purchase of Fancu Silks
ever brought to San Francisco, being the
complete stock of this class of silks of one of
the leading importing houses in America,
The entire lot will he offered on MONDAY,
*^sK*S yard.
The assortment of ahove silks includes Black
Taffeta, with Persian satin egual stripes, one
of this season's novelties; monotone effects, in
Warp Print Taffeta, with satin stripes, in Old
Rose, Reseda, NavUt Jasper Grau and Pastel
effects? clouded effects, in Taffeta, with black
satin stripes, in Brown, Black, Navu, Violet,
Tan and Jasper grounis. The former prices
of these goods were $2,00 and $1.50 uard,
750 dozen LADIES 1 FINE SWISS EMBROID-
ERED BAND COLLARS, 50 different <oi „ r Qph
patterns ...-. l/2b tdbll
Former prices 25c, 35c and 4Oc.
Our Mail Order Department Is most complete. All
orders for samples or goods filled and shipped same
day then are received.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 FOST STREET.
T. H. Corcoran & Co.
THREE-DAY SALE.
25 lbs Pure Cane Sugar.-.. SI, 00
With orders only. Full weight.
Butter, re?, size square.:.... 35c
Tou outfit to try this— nlc« and sweet. \
Honey, Mb Combs, reg. I21g kind, 10c
) Don't overlook this; a pick up.
Coffee, Java and Mocha, per lb 25c
If you pay more you ought to sire this a
trial.
Oysters, reg. 10c s ! ze, 4 cans. -25c
.Makes nice soup; Baltimore pack.
Shrimps, reg. 15c size, 3 cans. 25c
Tou can have shrimp salad at these prices.
Rice, reg. lOclb, Japan kind, 51b 25c
. Nicf dry cooker; whole grains.
Chocolate, Ghirardelii's, Mb tins 25c
The' reg. 30c size. A' meal a minute, j
Jamales, Highest Grade, per can I8c
Boneless; full of chicken. Reg. 12lfcc.
Window Screens, G l? r d onf each 15c
Why should you be . troubled with flies?
R«g. 20c. . .
Let us pack and ship free your camping
order. We will show you that we want
your trade. Orders called foe and deliv-
ered the same day.
1201 VALENCIA ST.
S. E. Corner Twenty-Third. . Phone Mission 0.
sS$jta&, Weak Eyes Strengthened,
S2*4»*r«K Painful or Inflamed eye* la.
SftaJJSSSfe itantly relieved with GEOROS
S,VjjSC3S UAYEBLE'8 German Eyt
"WW*^ Water. tOc. at 1071 UarJut
VVKfflS^ ; j it. TeL South 872. Nona tea-
" vj^ uint without this trademark.
AJ)VEB,TISE3IENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[Made to Order J^AjgC
r Are masterpieces of the tailoring art, / I
because they are creations that bear not / / / f ¥ %
only the s'amp of the highest skill in 3/ ' V \,r
mschanical construction, but that possess t ' / W/(Vj
that sort of individuality that eives b£ifiFl u, Utrflfl
GOOD FIGURE to the wearer. The *H#V I
. Keller tailoring idealizes the figure by \/ VI J
overcoming whatever natural defects V ' i't \\
there may be. A fi
These suts, at the price quoted, are /\ W
made in Venetians and b:oa-cloth, in // 1 " W '
blacks, browns, moles and tans. // \ '/'A
«$)'4-*>«OO the 6nlt « // \ y/K
7VV * J- S0 wk
1028-1030 Market St. —^^S^^^-
San Francisco. .
a ALSO OAKLAND. \
\
ZVKXmm win 11 ¦¦ea— — pw—miiimw iimim miujx«ninrmtj wj.nnggBg
GIBSON S
Observations No. 13;
Published by "Your Bosom Friend," every once in •»' -wHile
I ought to have your haberdashery business,
I Mister Reader. If you knew how carefully I han-
I i died my trade, how many come-back-again cus-
| tomers I've made, how I've succeeded in pleas-
ing my patrons, you would go a long way to •
come here.
I want your business, and when I get it I'll
keep it, for I'll treat you squarely. I'm a little
j fellow, but I'm growing, and I've the right
{ styles and the right business ideas.
Can't I send you something to-day?
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend/'
I F\irnisHing£s for Gentlemen.
j 1202' 1 204 Market St. 'Phone South 850
v^~ — " <l