WASHINGTON. June IS.—
An Isthmian canal, whlla
not yet absolutely, as
eured, Is nearer to con
struction than It has ever
been. The Senate to-day
t>y a majority of eight votes adopted the
Bpooner substitute for the Hepburn Nica
ragua canal bill, the. vote on the sub
stitute beirig i2 to 34. After two amend
ments to the measure had been made, one
providing for a commission to supervise,
the construction of the canal and the
other providing for the Issuance of $130,-
COO.OOO of two per cent gold bonds to raise
money with which to construct the water-
Tray, It was passed by a vote of 67 to 6.
It has been evident for several days that
the Spooner substitute, which in brief
provides that the President shall select
th© Panama route if he can obtain a clear
title to the Panama Canal Company's'
property, but otherwise he shall adbpt the
Nicaragua route, would command the
THREE STATESMEN "WHO HAVE
TAKEN ACTIVE PART IN THE
CANAL CONTROVERSY.
¦ ¦ - .• ¦ I'
THE SWINDLER OF MA^JY, ALIASES AND SOME OF; THE -EVIDENCE THAT WILL, BE USED IN THE AT-.
TEMPT TO CONVICT HIM OF PASSING FICTITIOUS CHECKS. THE CHECK IS THAT DEPOSITED BY
HIM AT THE "WESTERN NATIONAL BANK.
Continued on Page Two.
Clark of Montana addressed the Senate
In eupport of the Nicaragua canal route.
He thought if one half the objections to
both the Nicaragua and Panama routes
were valid, neither route would be adop
ted. However, he was satisfied the con
sensus of conservative opinion in this
country was that a great isthmian water-
When consideration of the canal ques
tion was resumed. Spooner of "Wisconsin
offered formally his amendment as a sub
stitute for the pending so-called Hepburn
Nicaragua canal bill.
STYLES PAITAHA A HOODOO.
Morgan of Alabama closed to-day's de
bate with an earnest appeal for the adop
tion of the Nicaragua route. He had been
preceded by Clark of Montana in support
of the Nicaragua route and Allison of
Iowa in support of the Spooner proposi
tion. Only minor amendments, except
ihose indicated, were adopted, all others
bcJng voted down.
votes of a majority of the Senate. The
Panama route was considered more de
rirable by the Senate than the Nicaragua
route. The only question left open is the
title to the property," end that the Pres
ident will determine If the House should
adopt tho Senate's amendments to Its bill..
Allison of Iowa explained why he should
vote for the Spooner substitute. Ho be
lieved there was a general desire among
the American people for an isthmian
canal, and the people desired, too, that
the United States Government should
construct and control the canal.
He pointed out that the eyes of the
American people had been directed partic
ularly toward the Nicaragua route be
cause it was supposed that as a French
company had the concessions for the Pan
ama route the United States was barred
from that route.
Allison said it was proposed now to build
ALLISON'S ARGUMENT.
Clark declared that the Panama _ canal
scheme was a hoodoo which ought to be
shunned and avoided. He said the Pan
ama canal scheme had left a heritage of
ruin, disaster and desolation.
The difficultiesof constructing the canal
he believed were exaggerated. He thought
that the Nicaragua route was more to
be preferred, as it was, in his opinion,
more feasible and practicable than the
Panama route.
way should be constructed. The American
people, he said, were not to be deterred.
"You may delay the project," said he,
"but it cannot be defeated."
Spooner perfected his amendment, the
changes made being principally verbal.
The amendment, providing for the appoint
ment of an Isthmian Canal Commission to
direct the construction of the canal and
providing that seven members from the
committee shall receive such compensa
tion as the President shall prescribe, tin-
PERFECTS AMENDMENT.
"Just one word in parting with this
question. This duty was assigned to me
by the Senate and was not sought by me.
If we are to be beaten down here to-day!
and America Is to be disgraced, I shall
have had the honor, and the American
people will give it to me after I am dead,
of having devoted honestly and sincerely
the best labors of my life to the success
of our project." ,
Morgan urged Congress to determine the
question of route and not cowardly refer
the matter to the President. In conclu
sion he said:
Morgan particularly denounced the Pan
ama canal route as a "place where labor
and death Join hands." He said he had
been trying to protect the United States
from the shame of intercourse with it
Those who wanted to "touch that thing"
might do so. He would not do it, he de
clared, for both canals.
Morgan, chairman of the Interoceanlc
Canal Committee, at the conclusion of Al
lison's remarks, began his speech closing*
the debate. He said the canal Issue seem
ed to have come down to a single point
-that of finance. On point he de
ferred to Allison, but he did not believe
with him that it would be necessary to
issue bonds to pay for the construction of
a canal.
MORGAN'S FINAL APPEAL.
a canal forty-five feet deep and wide
enough and with a volume of water suf
ficient to float the largest ship ( afloat. The
minimum expenditurefor the construction
of the canal, he believed, would be more
than $200,000,000. -To meet this enormous
expenditure, he, favored the borrowing of
the money, making proper provision for
liquidating the principaAand Interest of
the bonds.
NEWARK. N. J.,. June 19.— Governor
Murphy at midnight ordered a part of the
Firet Regiment of Infantry and the entire
troop of First Troop O, Cavalry, to Pater
son to preserve peace. . The Erie Railroad
has been ordered to send trains here at
once.- -The members of both commands
began to assemble at 1 a. m. The troops
will be put on guard duty at the mills be
fore they open at 7 o'clock this morning.
PATERSON, N. J., June 20.— A delega
tion representing the mill owners called
on the Mayor last night and demanded
protection. The Mayor replied that the
police force was too' small and would be
overridden by a mob' of any size; that it
was Impossible to concentrate any. great
number of men at any point, and that a
terse portion of the- deputy sheriffs were
green hands and unreliable. It was point
ed out that < the millfrands were afraid to
wuvk and were In momentary fear of at
tr.ck. This resulted -in an appeal to the
Governor, who was in Newark, for troops,
and the consequent action. ;
. NEW YORK, June 19.'— Evidence was
procured to-day that. the rioting in Pater
son and disturbances elsewhere were the
result of an anarchist plot. The strike'of
the silk workers' was "apparently taken
out of the hands of the strikers and used
by. the anarchists as'an excuse for an at
tack on the authorities. Patersbnjs de
termined to stamp qut the nest of anar
cliisis that has found lodgment in the'
city. Mayor Hincijcliffe. said the limit;
had been -reached -p'ul the ¦¦ leaders Jot; tha
sfouV>~Tv*OulB .; tituited * out '.' Of" tlic r'cityY
There j was 'talk "to-night J of forming aS
vigilance committee to maintain order.
Every silk mill was a fort" filled with
armed deputies. . Meetings of the anar
chlsta were dispersed by the police, "and
ten prisoners were taken during the day.
As a result of mob violence the cause of
the strikers seems to have .been lost,
though the anarchist element is defiant.
SILK MILLS CLOSE.
- The silk' mills throughout Hudson Coun
ty were closed indefinitely to-day by their
mannagers, to avoid disorder. Several
policemen were injured and a score of
locked-out operatives had their heads
broken in a riot at Union Hill, near to
Paterson, the chief cenjer of the silk In
dustry in this country, this afternoon. All
but one of the mills there were closed
down this morning by their owners, who
merely, anticipated a demand on the part
of their employes that they cease opera
tions in sympathy with the Paterson
strikers. / More than one thousand man
and women made a demonstration against
the mill of R. & H. Simon, which re
mained In operation, but were driven
back and dispersed after a bitter fight,
chiefly through the work done by firemen
in turning their hose on the mob. Trouble
of even more serious character will, it is
feared, take "place there to-morrow.
LEADERS IN HIDING.,
PATERSQN, N. J.. June 19.— In the
main this was a quiet day in this city.
The most important event was the sus
pension from duty of Chief of Police Fred
C. Graul by Mayor Hinchcliffe and the
assumption by the Mayor of the duties
of that position. "William McQueen, the
Englishman who was prominent at yes
terday's meeting before the rioting be
gan, has left the city and is believed to
be jn New York. Galleano, the Italian and
Grossman, the German, who are said to
have been prominent yesterday, have also
kept from public notice. Mayor Hinch
cliffe wishes to interview all these men.
Lacking a leader and keeping out of the
heavy rain In the early day, the rioters
of yesterday did nothing when a majority
of the mills they closed yesterday by their
violence resumed work.
The police received orders to shoot
straight if they should have another en
counter with the rioters, and the Mayor
has had copies of the riot act distributed.
This week's edition of La Questlone So
ciale, one of the anarchist papers, was
set up here but was sent to a iPassaic
printer, to run off the forms. Ho was
ordered not to han-dle It and complied.
ITALIANS ARE DISPERSED.
About 400 Italian strikers and others
gathered in the quarter of the city where
the larger part of the Italian colony
lives and started to march to Turner
Hall, only a block from po'lice headquar
ters. It is said that the proposed meet
ing there to-day was arranged for at a
meeting of ' anarchists last night. The
procession had barely got ¦ under way
when the reserves charged the paraders.
There was a quick scattering in ali direc
tions. . .
Harry- Harris, the reporter who was
knocked down, beaten and nitally shot
with his own. revolver by the mob, was
very, low to-day, but hope of his recov
ery Is still entertained.
General Molto Dies of Injuries.
MADRID. June 19.— General Mol to, cap
tain general of Madrid, died to-day from
injuries sustained when he fell from his
horse at a review of the Spanish troops
held, at the" time King ' Alfonso attained
Foreigners Who Plan
Strife Are Now
in Hiding.
Governor Takes Ac*
tion in Aid of ', City
> Officials.
Militia Is Sent Out
to Suppress the
Trouble. ¦
TROOPS
TO HELP
POLICE
BLACK A MAN OF MANY ALIASES
W H O SWINDLED THE BONIFACES
Mass of Evidence Found In Prisoner's Palace Hotel Room Shows
That He Is "John O Stone," Much Wanted by Eastern Police.
PLOT OF ANARCHISTS TO LEAD STRIKERS IN FIERCE RIOTS
CAUSES PATERSON TO TAKE PROMPT STEPS TO STAMP OUT NES T
SENATE SELECTS PANAMA ROUTE
BY MAJORITY OF EIGHT VOTES
Passage of Substitute for House Nicaraguan Canal Bill Which
Provides for Issuance of $130,000,000 Gold Bonds.
Continued on Page Two,
The use to which Black put this credit
letter is shown by nearly a thousand
Inthe prisoner's Palace Hotel room
there was found yesterday a* gen ulna
credit letter of the National Hotel Keep
ers' Protective Association, authorizing
its members to cash for O. B. John checks
drawn by the Milwaukee Novelty Com
pany or checks or drafts drawn on that
company by O. B. John. This credit letter
was accompanied by a type-written letter
from C. S. Walz, secretary of the asso
ciation, saying it was issued at the re
quest of the Milwaukee Novelty Com
pany. Both were under date of March 38.
The request from the novelty company
was probably forged. A letter from Sec
retary "Walz addressed to F. G. Davis
of Cleveland, Ohio, was among Black'3
mass of papers. It advised Davte that
his application for a credit letter had been
referred to hia company, the Olio Rlttato
Company of Chicago" for indorsement.
This was under date of February 5. and
evidently made wiser by experience "O.
B. John" secured the credit-letter that
"F. G. Davis" failed to pet. 3E9B
FIND CREDIT LETTER.
i It was In his other specialty that Black
bit upon a method that promised to maka
him wealthy, with ilttla danger of arrest
to face. He lived at the best hotels of tha
big cities and made . the proprietors pay
his bills. "With a stroke of genius na
turned the National Hotel Keepers* Pro
tective Association, meant to safeguard
the bonlfaces, into an agency for swind
ling its members.
der many, aliases or with confederates.has
within a few months duped Eastern hotels
out of between $12,000 and $15,000. , Banks
have suffered, too,- though to what amount
has not ! yet -been ascertained.
Two felony charges, of passing fictitious
checks were placed against Black yester
i day, on complaints sworn to before Judge
Conlan by . Colonel A. Andrews and E.
S. Scott.. cashier of the "Western National
Bank. Bond was fixed at S5000 In each
case. The* habeas corpus : proceedings
were at once dismissed by Judge Lawlor.
R. M. Fitzgerald and-D. Y. Campbell ap
peared in Judge Ionian's court to : give
notice that .they,' were employed by the
\Natlonal, Bankers' Association to assist In
fthe prosecution. .
EASTERN POLICE WANT HIM.
- Chief of Police "Wittman received a tel
egram yesterday from the Chief of Police
of Springfield, Mass., asking that Black
be held until, he send *an- officer out and
secure Black's extradition. .for passing a
bogus check for $3S5 there. "Wittman wired
back not to send the officer as Black was
held here on felony charges.
_ Black had two strings to his bow. He
swindled banks./ First a cash deposit,
then the 'deposit of worthless checks or
drafts, then checks. upon his account un
til the cash was overdrawn before ad
vices could be received from the banks
on which the paper was drawn— it was the
old . i Becker-Cregan-Dean f, game over
again, though not so daring nor cleverly
done. Indeed, it was his bungling work in
this lino that landed -him In the meshes
or the law-
-— --. R. J. B. BLACK, alias Rich
yH /M ard James, alias Robert
' /¦/ h Jones » alias John. O. Stone,
/ Wr M to eay nothing of more than
JL V J&L '-a score of other useful ali
ases, thinks the world has
changed since Monday. When the -week
began he was living in luxury at the Pal
ace Hotel, a stylish, successful man of the
world In appearance. Three days In a cell
have put the prison mark upon him. . He
has lost his dapper appearance and the
two felony charges against him placed on
the . jail records yesterday, have driven
thoughts of automobiles and social con
quests from his head.
The detectives found "Wednesday night
that the man they had held as J..B. Black
at the instance of the "Western National
Bank had been living in room 545 at the
Palace Hotel under the name of Richard,
M. James. They took possession at once
of his" elaborate wardrobe, and yesterday
morning they found in a travel-worn dress
suit case stowed away in a dark corner of
a closet a mass of evidence that connects
the prisoner with a series of swindles that
has lately attracted the attention of the
police of the chief cities of a dozen East
ern and Middle "West States. Indeed, the
evidence uncovered seems to show beyond
doubt that the man Black has been either
the moving spirit of a gang of clever,
¦forgers and swindlers, or elso is himself
the forger and "operator" whose industry
and quick changes of base have nonplus
sed the Hawkshaws of the other side* of
the continent. - ' . : '• '.
-....- ¦ .-¦'•¦•.,-. ."¦ ¦¦-.-' *> v <¦ '-
Black, or James, or Stone,. working un-
SAN FR ANCISCO, FKID A Y, JUNE 20, 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCII-Np. 20.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.LOS ANGELES, June 19.— An .unknown.
Mexican ¦• woman was struck _ by the in
coming Pomona- train on the Southern Pa
cific about three miles, from East Lake
Park to-day and killed. There was noth
ing about the woman by which her .iden
tity could be established. -
Woman Killed by a Train.
Several Changes Made in the Postal
-. S«rvi«e . and -More Ne-w Pen-.. •-,
3 ,' ' . sions Granted.
"W'ASHINGTOX, June ID.— Postofflce to
be discontinued June SO: Oregon— Hunts,
Jackson County, mail goes to Ashland.
Postmaster commissioned: California-
Shelley Inch, Placerville.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— -Original— William H. Mapte,
dead, Stockton,. 54. Increase — Robert W.
Furbeck, Los Angeles, 58: Arthur C. Seid
ell. Arcata. ?8; John Cartwright, Malaga,
$12; Alfred H. W. Creigh, Fortuna. .$8;
Simon Moore, Stockton, $S; Amos A. Dur
rell. Los Angeles. $10; Theodore A. Hib
bard. San Jose, JS; S«th S. Allen, San
Diego, $S. Widows— Sarah E. Maple.
Stockton, $8; Nancy B. Palmer, North,
Ontario, $12. -
Oregon — Original — James A. Boone,
Junction City. $G. Increase — Isaac \V.
Fulk, La Grande, $8; Lorenzo G. Harring
ton. Lorane. S17.
Washington — Increase — Thomas T. Rip
pey, Bremerton. ?10; James K. P. Yates,
Whatcom. 110. Widows— Hannab Walker,
Everson, tS. .
Army orders: Major William H. Bald
win is assigned to temporary duty a3
chief commissary. Department of Cali
fornia., relieving Captain George W.
Ruthers, who is ordered to the Philip
pines.
..Major George B. Davia, commissary,
goe3 from the Philippines to San Fran
cisco for; further orders.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postmasters: Wyoming — Wilbur P.
Keays, Buffalo. California— Alice A.
Hanna, Oakdalc.
F. S. Hildreth, Register of th» Land
Office. Prescott. Ariz.; J. M. W. Moore,
Receiver of Public Moneys, Prescott,
Ariz.
Lieutenants (junior grade) to be lieu
tenants—William S. Whitted. William R.
Osborne, Clarence England. Edwin H.
Hclaney, Frank B. Baldwin, William C.
Davidson. Newton Mansfield.
Lieutenants to be lieutenant command'
ers— Thomas W. Ryan, F. C. Bowers,
George B. Salisbury, John L. Purcell.
l-'rank W. Kellogg, Reuben O. Bittler.
Samuel H. Leonard, Harry Phelps, H. C
Koundstone, Albert A. Ackennan, Leo IX
Miner.
Lieutenant commanders to b© command
ers—John E. Roller, John C. JTremont, Al
bert Mertz. Rogers G. Gait. Vincdon L.
Cottman, Frank E. Sawyer, Thomas B.
Howard, "Walter C. Cowles. Austin M.
Kright.
Promotions: Commanders to be cap
tains—Richard Clover, John B. V. Bleeck
er, Andrew Dunlap. John A. B. Smith,
Edward H. Green, Wells L. Field.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
Navy: Captains to be rear admirals—
Yites Stirling and William C. Wise.
C. Wise Are Nominated for
Sear Admirals.
Captains Yates Stirling* and William
•PBESIBENT NAMES NAVY
OFFICERS FOR PROMOTION
WASHINGTON, June 10.— Henry Recb
t!n, disbursing ' officer -of the Department
i-.t ' Justice, waa arrested to-day on the
charge of misappropriating J7600 o£ Got
rrnment funds. He confessed to the
dhortage. Rechtln is from Cincinnati,
information received by Attorney General
Knox Borne time ago led to a suspicion
that something was wrong with Rech-
Lin's books and the arrest followed an ex
amination of the books under the direc
tion of Comptroller Tracewoll.
Rechtin attributes his trouble to fast
iiving and speculation. The shortage Is
iully covered by his bond of $2fr.0OO. Two
experts from the Comptroller" a office were
going over his books this morning when
ue arrived at the office. "When he saw
them at work he turned pale and then
went to the Attorney General, to whom
he made a full confession. This revealed
that the shortage had existed for six
years. He had concealed it by borrowing
money from friends just before his books
were to be examined and returning it
after the examination was over. He aaicl
he came here in 1895 in debt and had bor
rowed from the Government funds to pay
these debts, hoping eventually to maki?
up his shortage and get his accounts
straight.
Rechtin came here with Attorney Gen
eral Harmon and was formerly clerk in
one of the Cincinnati courts. He is about
45 years of age and a bachelor. His in
ccme was about $23U0 annually. The war
rant for his arrest was sworn out by
United States District Attorney Gould.
Fast Living and Wild
Speculation.
Attributes His Downfall to
Government Disbursing
Officer Short in Hia
Accounts.
COVERS CRIME
FOR SIX YEARS
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR UNION
WILL MEET AT SANTA CRUZ
mpressive Programme Prepared in Which Delegates
From Every County Will Participate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1902.
Continued From Page One.
SENATE SELECTS PANAMA ROUTE
1 EVENING (in the Pavilion): 6:30 — Vesper
service, conducted by Rev. F. W. Refd. 7:15 —
Overture. Hastings' orchestra. .7:20 — Prayer.
7:25 — Contralto solo. Miss Alice Genevleve Mc-
Millin. 7:30 — Repeating of the Twenty-third
P«alm, led by Dr. Sara E. Wise. 7:40— Tenor,
fcolo, -"Every Valley Shall Be Exalted" (Han
del), Mr. Walter B. Anthony. 7:50 — Address.
"Soul Saving," W. A. Kllng, secretary Oakland
Y. M. C. A. 8:15 — Soprano solo, "The Grear
¦White Throne" (Will M. S. Brown), Mra. Jame«
R. . Williamson. • 8:20 — Convention address,
"Not I. but Christ," Rev. W. H. Scudder.
Berkeley. 8:50— Chorus, "Hallelujah Chorus"
(Handel). 9:00 — Consecration service and invi
tation, Mr. Giles Kellogg-, Coronado. 9:20 —
Hymn No. 1, "Nearer, My God. to Thee." 0:25
— -Mlzpah benediction. Convention adjournment.
In the Congregational Church : 3 :00 — Junior
Evangelistic meeting, led by Miss Jessie G.
Flook. State junior superintendent.
AFTERNOON (mass meeting at Pavilion):
3:00 — Song service. 3:25 — Soprano solo, Mrs.
Harry S. Wanzer. 3:30 — Address, "The Law
vs. The Saloon," W. P^ Netherton. Santa Cruz.
4:00— Violin solo. Miss JtfMphine S. Parker.
4:0& — Address. "Power of a Noble Life," Rev.
H. Hlllard. 4 :30-iChorus. "He. Watching Over
Israel" (Mendelssohn). 5:00 — Street meetings.
MORNING (In the Congregational Church):
7:30— Prayer meeting on the beach; "The
transforming power of the Holy Spirit." ' "Ye
shall receive power after that- the Holy Ghost
Is come upon .you," Acts 1:8, led by Rev. H.
HIHard. San Luts Obispo. 11:00 — Services in
the various churches. ' • .
SUNDAY. .
EVENING (In the I'avllion) : 7:00— Praise
Service. 7:15-r-Qverturo, Hastings' Orchestra.
7:20 — Devotional Service, Joshua . 1-6-9, Leon
V. Shaw, President Los Angeles City Union.
7:25 — Vocal Trio. 7:40— Announcements.
Business. '7:50 — Contralto - iioTo, Miss" Alice
Genevleve McMillin. 8 :00— Offering and State
pledges, by Mr. J.- K. Coulthurst. San Diego.
8:15 — Vocal duet. • Mrs J. It. Williamson and
Mies Anna Linscott.- S:20 — Introduction of
committees. 8:30— Vocal' selection by the Man
darin Male. Quartet: 8:40— Installation of
officers. Mr. Leonard Merrill. Los Ansrele*.
8:55— Hymn No. 1.11, "True Hearted, Whole
Hearted." 9:00 — Address. "Loyalty to the
Book," Rev. H. F. Briggs, San Francisco.
9:30 — Choru?. "Unfold Ye Portals" (Gounod).
9:35 — Meditation and prayer. Rev. Benjamin
F. Sargent, Berkeley. Adjournment.
Of Growth," J. O. Smith, general secretary.
.9:00 — Soprano eclo. Miss Lena Gaukroger. 9:10
—Hymn No. 102, "Moment by Moment." 9:13
— Address. "Temperance as a Business Propo
sition," Alexander Beck. Watsonville, super*
Intendent Citizenship and Temperance of San-'
ta Cruz County. • 0:30 — Address, "The- Coffee
Club," William Donton, San Jose. 9:45— So-
I prano solo. Mrs. Fred D. McPherson. 0:50 —
| Address. ."Citizenship." J. E. White. San
I Francisco, State Superintendent Citizenship
and Temperance. 10:15 — Quartet, "O Happy-
Day," Misses Stanley Bliss and Harriet Sny
der.. Messrs. Phillip P. Bliss and Clyde Llns
•cott. 10:20 — Address, "How Our War Waxes
and Wins." Rev. L. . Meade Hartley, superin
tendent Anti-Saloon L&ague. 10:45 — Announce
ments.' 10:55 — Contralto solo. "But the Lord Is
Mindful or His Own" (Mendelssohn). Miss Aris
ta K. Swan. 11:00 — Business. Officers' reports:
Treasurer, E, C. Lycn, Oakland; statistical
secretary, R. R. Patterson, San Francisco;
general secretary, J. O. Smith, Los- Angeles;
president, Lionel S. Rodgers, Berkeley. 12:00
— Barytone solo, "In Hia Steps," Clyde Llns
cott. Prayer. . Adjournment. . .
The bill was then "passed, 67 to 6, the
votes in the negative being cast by Tata
of Tennessee Cockrell of Missouri, Dan
iel of Virginia, Duboia of Idaho, Pettus
of Alabama and Vest of Missouri.
Spooner moved to lay the Nicaragua
bill on the table, and the motion was
agreed to— 41 to 33.
Mason offered an amendment to Fair
banks' amendment, providing that all of
the people of the United States should be
given an opportunity to subscribe to the
proposed loan. The amendment was
agreed to without division. 1
Morgan offered the Nicaraguan canal
bill as a substitute for the Spooner prop
osition, thus raising the question previ
ously Dassed on. .
Noes — Bacon. Bailey, Bard, Bate, Berry.
Blackburn, Carmack, Clark (Mont.). Clark
(Wyo.), Clay, Cockrell, Culberson. Daniel. Dry T
den. Dubois, Foster (La.). Harris. Heltfeld.
Jones (Ark.), McLaurin (Miss.), Mallory. Mar
tin. Mitchell. Morgan, Patterson, Penrose. Per
kins. Pettus. Platt (X. Y.), Quay, Simmons,,
Stewart. Taliaferro, Teller, Turner, Vest— oO.
Ayes—^Aldrlch, Allison, Beveridse, Burnham
Burrows, Burton. Clapp, Cullom, Deboe. Fair
banks. Foraker, Foster (Wash.), Frye, Gallin
ger. Gamble, Hale. Hanna. Hansbrough Haw
ley. Heard. Jones (Nev.). Kean. KKtredee.
Lodge, McComas, McCumber. McMillan Mll
lard. Nelson, Platt (Conn.), Proctor, Quarles.
Scott, Saooner. "Warren, Wellington. Wetmore
— -i&.
The following pairs were announced, the
first named in each case being favorable
to Panama and the second against it:
Depew with McEnery. Dillingham with
i.Uman, Dolliver with Money, Kearns.
with Gibson, McLaurin (South Carolina)
with Simon. I Elkin3 and RawlJna were
absent and unpaired. • •¦ ¦•
Hoar of* Massachusetts ,onTer«j a substi
tute for the Spooner proposition, making
it the duty of the President to decide hy
which route the canal should be con
structed. .It was rejected— 13 to 62.
Fairbanks then offered an amendment
providing for the issue of $130,000,000 of
gold bonds bearing 2 per eent interest to
pay for the construction of the canal.
Culberson moved to lay the amendment
on the table. The motion was defeated—
ob to «>9.
The amendment waa then adopted, 33 to
36, as follows:
Noes— Bacon. Bailey, Bate, Berry, Black
burn. Carmack, Clapp, Clark (Mont.), Clay,
Cockrell, • Culoerson, Daniel. Dtibols, Foster
(La.), Harris. Hawley. Heltfeld, McLaurin
(Miss.). Malloty, Martin. Mitchell. Morean,
Nelson. Patterson, Penrose, Perkins, Pettus,
Platt (N. Y.), Quay, Simmons, Stewart, Talia
ferro, Turner, Vest — 34.
Quarles, Scott. Spooncr. Teller; Warren, Wel
linstqn, Wetmqre — 12.
RODEO, June 19.— The largest hotel In
this locality was destroyed by fire at noon
to-day. A number of men who were at
luncheon at the time tried to extinguish
the flames, but without success. Some
household goods were saved. The prin-.
cipal losers among the gnests were J. tV.
Radford, the Graham brothers and J. H.
Cashin.
Fire Destroys. Kodeo Hotel.
Noble Grand Arch Godeau in his report
to the grand body in alluding to the press
complimented The Call on the Interest it
takes in the progress of fraternal organi
zations and for the publication "of pro
ceedings of the Druids. .
At the ball given in Armory Hall In the
evening Julius S. Godeau, the retiring
noble grand arch, was presented with a
gold watch in token of appreciation of
the energetic work he did for the order
during his term.
At the afternoon session the matter of
Olympia, the suspended grove, again
came up, and on motion of Dr. McElroy
of MeKinley Grove the Incoming noble
grand arch was. empowered to appoint a
committee of. five to look into the conduct
of all the members of the suspended
grove and report such as were blameless
in the affair, and that means De taken
to reinstate It in the order-
At 11 o'clock the Grand Grove took up
the special order of the day, the election
of officers, and nominations were read.
L. A. "Wolfe, who had been named for
the office of grand secretary, withdrew,
leaving but two in the Held, James F.
Martlnoni and Henry Menke. Psfst No
ble Grand Arch Henry J-ange also with
drew from the contest for the office of
representative to the Supreme Grove of
the United States. The election resulted
as follows: Noble grand arch, C. Gugllei
monl of San Francisco; deputy grand
arch, . George Beck of Livermore; grand
secretary, James F. Martlnoni ¦ of San
Francisco; grand treasurer, F.. J. Horn
of San Francisco: grand marshal, Charles
de Legh of Stockton ; grand guardian, J.
L Contat of Oakland; grand trustees.
Jacob Streb of Napa. ¦ W. G. Antonovich
of San Francisco and James Hagan of
San Francisco: supreme representative.
Julius S. Godeau of San Francisco. At
the close of the election the noble grand
arch-elect appointed Ernest C. Stock of
San Francisco grand sentinel. .
NAPA, June 19.— The Grand Grove of
Druids finished Its work here to-day and
adjourned. It was one of the most suc
cessful sessions of the order ever held in
California. The delegates are well pleased
with the .hospitality shown theni by the!
citizens of Napa.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Chief Honcr in the Order
Conferred on a San
Franciscan.
Grand Grove Completes
Notable Session at
Napa.
DRUIDS ELECT
THEIR OFFICERS
Ayes— Aldrlch, Allison." Bard, Beveridge,
Burnham, Burrows, Burton. Clark (Wyd.), Cul
lom, Deboe, Dietrich, Dryden, Fairbanks, For.
aker, Foster (Wash.), Frye, •Galllniser, Gamr
ble. Hale, Hanna, Hansbrough, Hoar, Jones
(Ark.), Jones (Nev.). Kean, Klttredge, Lodge,
McComas, McCumber. McMillan, Mason, Mll
lard, Platt (Conn.), Pritchard, Proctor,
A direct .vote was then obtained on the
Spooner substitute. It was adopted, 42 to
32, the detailed vote being:
An amendment -providing that if the
President could not within six months get
a clear title to the Panama Canal Com
pany's rights and concessions, ,he should
proceed with the Nicaragua canal, was
laid on the table by a vote of 44 to 31.
One limiting the time of the .President's
decision as to the Panama route to twelve
months was rejected, 35 to 39, and the
same fate, by a vote of 42 to 32, awaited
Mitchell's amendment to the Spooner sub
stitute providing that, even though the
President is satisfied he. can obtain a clear
title to the. Panama Company's property,
If he shall be convinced for any reason
that it is not. for the best interests of the
United States to purchase the Panama
property, or if he shall think the canai
ougiit not to be constructed by the Pan
ama route, he shall proceed to the con
struction of the canal by the Nicaragua
route.
til it is fixed ¦ by • Congress, was agreed
to^-52 to 22.
Look out for the special
Coronation Number of The
Call that will be published
next Sunday. It will contain
features covering every phase
of the coming coronation tt
Edward VH, King of Eng
land. This edition will be bet
ter than a trip to England, for
it will tell you everything you
wish to know — both by its
well written articles and' its
superb illustrations — and you
wili.have none of the trouble
or the expense of travel. No
advance , in the price of , this
special edition — j only" five
cents, but worth its weight
in gold to those seeking, in
formation;
SATURDAY.
¦ • MORNING (in - the Congregational Church) :
8:00— Quiet Hour:- .Meditation* - "The -'. SourcJ
AFTERNOON .(3 ' o'eiock) : Denominational
Rallies: Baptist, /E. . C.'-.jLyon. State Treasurer,
Oakland; Christian, Charles H. Stewart. Satl
coy; Presbyterian, ' R.-^S. 1 : Hawley. Alameda
County: Methodist, John S. Allen, San Fran
cieco; Friends, Lev! Gr^arQry,. San Jose; Epis
copal, Miss Bessie- Hale; LOs Angeles; Luther
an, Rev. W. S. 'Hosklnson, 1 Sacramento; Con
gregational, Miss B. 'S.- Angier; 1 Ban Diego.
EVENING (in ; the*' PavlUori):, 7:00— Song
service. 7:20 — Cello solo. JanrB^vLotman, 7:30
— Devotional. PEaln4S-:t4:ll-22,- J.' M. Warren,
ex-State president. '¦* 7.J40 — Soprano- solo,- "Come
Unto Me" (Mendelsgohji), Miss Beatrice Boston
7:45— Announcements. .~ 8:00 — Hymn. No. 118
"Saved by Grace." I g«05— Address. "The Plac«
of the Child in ReHsfioua •Efforts**' Rev. J. j.
Evans, Red Bluff. 8:35-^Tenor. BOlo, "Comfort
Yg" (Handol). Walter «B. » Anthony.,' 8:40 — Ad
dress, "The Hope of,,SDclety," Rev.-.J. H. Gar
nett. D. D., Santa! Apa. 0:10 — Chorus, "The
Heavens Are Telling". (Haydn). 0;20— Prayer
and Meditation, } Marshall Black. State Int;
superintendent. Adjournment.
MORNING (In ' the -¦;* .First Congregational
Church): S-^Qulet hour.- undT,.: Bible study,
"Frayer, the Source ' <M Pdwer for Service," -E,
H. Baker. San Jo*f 0— Praise eerVijce, led by
Charles M. Richards, San Jose; 9:13—Devo
tional exercise, Misf .Lottie ¦ S.:- San
Francisco, superintendent-' Golden' Gate Junior
C. E. Union; 9:20 — Words of welcome. Walter
Byrne, Santa Crus- Congregational Junior A C.
E.; 0:23 — Hymn, "SufTcr Little Children to
Come Unto Me," Santa, Cruz Juniors; 0:30—
Addresses by intermediates..: , "The Field of
Intermediate Christian lEndeivor,", Misa Edna
Guln, Los Angeles;' f'Oijr; Associate Members,"
Calvin Morcom, Sari' Frantilaco: ."Intermediates
and- Missions,", Miss Hilda Hether.logton, Wat-
Bonvlle; vocal selection, -Mandarin Male Quar
tet, San Jose; , "Our Pledge," 'Errat Shelton,
San Jose; 10 — Song, Wat,aonvllle Juniors; 10;15
— Junior and intermediate "round table. 'by ex-
Preeldent William* G." Alexander/ '; San • Jose;
10:50— Contralto solo, Miss Alice <3;- MeMUlin,
San Jose; 10:55 — Address, "Social' Settlement
Work for Boy? and Girls',:' Mr. an^vMrs. Henry
A. Flsk, San Francisco;, 11:25 — Quartet, /"Ths
Holy City" (Adame), arranged by C. M. 'Rlchi
ard. Mandarin Male Quartet; .11:30— Address,
Mrs. G,. R. Alden (Pansy), Palp'fAlto;" 12 —
Soprano solo, "Ave.'Maria";,fH< Mlllard). Miss
Stanley Bliss, violin obligate by. Miss Josephine
J. Parker: announcements;, adjournment.
FRIDAY.
EVENING On the Pavilion): 7— Praise ser-^
vice; 7:20 — solo, "Speed Away," Miss Kate
Bauter. Santa Cruz;. 7:30 — Devotional service,'
Murk 10:xiv-20, Miss Jessie Minor, Arcata;
7:45 — Hymn No. 2, "Send the Gospel Light";
7:50 — Address, Secret Service," Rev. Levi
Gregory, San Jose; 8;20 — Soprano solo, "Awake
My Soul." Mrs. Harry S. Wanzer, Santa Cruz:,
8:30 — Address, "The Present Need for lioyaj
Endeavorera," Rev. W. D. .More, D.D., Santa
Barbara; 1) — Chorus, "Gloria in Excelsls"
(Mozart); 8:10 — Announcements; 0 : 15— Quartet,"
"Near the Cross," Mandarin Male Quartet;
9 :20 — Prayer and meditation, Rev. E. B. Hayes,
Placerville; adjournment.
AFTERNOON: 3 — California Veteran's As-I
soclation, William G. Alexander president; 3 — j
missionary conference at Chirtsian Church;
4:30 to 0 — San Diego delegation "at home" In
the Christian church (Southern California head
quarters).
Missionary programme, conducted by Miss R.'
Esther Smith, State superintendent— 10: ID-
Superintendent's report. 10:20 — Echoes of the
Student Volunteer convention, Florence E.
Montgomery, Berkeley. 10:55 — Soprano solo,
"I'll Go Where You Want Me To Go," Misa Liz
zie Whitehurst, Santa Cruz. 11:00 — Address;
"Hinduism and Christianity in India," James
C. Perkins, missionary to India. 11:30—Ad
dregs, "Christian Endeavor Debt," Miss R.
Esther Smith, State superintendent. 11:35—!
Special music. 11:40 — Business announcements.'
Adjournment. . . ' :
Legion," Miss. Anna G. Fraser. 10:10 — Select
tlon. by the Mandarin Male Quartet. ;
ENDEAVOURS WHO WILL
BE PROMINENT AT SANTA
CRUZ CONVENTION.
TUCSON, Ariz.. June 19.-Xews from
I/ochiel says a sensation has been caused
by the elopement of Jeanne Cameron, the
16*year-old daughter of Colon Cameron,
with a Mexican vaauero. Cameron is a
¦wealthy ' cattleman, and with ex-Senator
Don Cameron of Pennsylvania and Sena
tor Quay, owns the famous San Raflele
cattle ranch. Miss Cameron is said to
have a large interest in the ranch and the
stock. The eloping parties are said to
have fled into Mexico and are being- fol
lowed by the girl's father and the Sheriff
of Santa Cruz County.
Girl Elopes Witli a Vaqtiero.
MORNING (In the First Congregational
Church) — 8:00 — Quiet hour; Bible study "The
Power of God Unto Salvation," 2 Tim. 3:15-17
Kev. T. A. Mills. Ph. V. 9:00— Floating- work.
Miss Emma M. Livermore. 9:25 — Soprano solo,
"Nearer, My God. to Thee" (Gounod), Miss
Edith May Lee. 9 :30-r- Address, ' "Tenth
THURSDAY.
EVENING (In the pavilion)— 7:00— Praise
service. 7U3 — Vocal selection. Mandarin Male
Quartet. 7:20 — Opening of the, convention, by
State President Lionel S. Rodgers. 7: -lit — Scrip
ture reading and prayer, Eph. 1:15-23, by liev.
Francis W. Held, Paso Roblea. 7:50 — Addressee
of welcome: city, Hon. D. C. Clark, Mayor;
county, C. S. Price; churches, Kev. J. u.
Knodell; Juniors, Misa Myrtle Herd; Endeavor
ers and 1902 committ&e, J. H. Janson. 8:00
Contralto solo, Miss Alice Genevleve McMlllin,
San Jose. 8:10 — Response to address of wel
come. Rev. E. E. Baker, 1>. D... Oakland. S-.'JO
— Hymn No. 233, "Keep Step "With the Mas
ter." 8:33 — Business; announcements and ham
ing committees. 8:40— Soprano solo, "Jeru
salem, Thou that Killest the Prophets" (Mpii
delssohn). Miss Kate Bauter. 8:45 — Convention
sermon. Rev. T. A. Mills, Ph. D.. Wilkesbarr"
Pa. 0:15 — Chorus, "Praise Ye the Father"
(Gounod). 0:20 — Meditation and prayer, by
Dr. Sara E. Wise, State superintendent of
Quiet Hour Fellowship.
WEDNESDAY.
held at Santa Cruz from June '23
to 23. In every county from San Diego
to Shasta the greatest activity and en
thusiasm are being shown by the En
df avorers.
There will be about 300 delegates from
Southern California. They will go to th<?
scene of the convention on a special
train. Ssfnta Clara and Golden Gate un
ions are making special efforts to sur
pass Alameda County In the number of
delegates, Cut from latest indications
Alameda County is likely to retain first
place. , Last year at Santa Ana Alameda
County registered over 100.
The programme shows that a larger
number of speakers have been secured
than at any previous convention, and the
proceedings will continue one day longer
than usual. The committee on arrange
ments has decided that the sessions shall
be held mornings and evenings, bo as to
allow the afternoons to be -devoted to
special meetings and trips to various
point3 of interest, an itinerary for v/hich
has already been made.
The San Diego Chamber of Commerce
has decided to send Miss Bello Sumner
Angier as a representative to secure the
convention for 1903. Ml6s Angier is a
most capable worker, hence th-i honor
conferred upon her.
Owing to the support promised the San
Diego delegation, the Santa Rosa En
deavorers have about decided to make
their plans for 1904,
The railroad tickets for the convention
at Santa Cruz are now on sale at all
points, and delegates and visitors must
obtain a receipt from the ticket agent
when purchasing, their tickets, which
when signed by the secretary of the con
vention will entitle the holder to a return
at one-third the regular fare.
The following is the programme for the
five days of the convention:
PREPARATION?^ are being made,
for the fifteenth", annual eonyeh-^
tlon of the California Christian
Endeavor' Union, which is to p$
The principal feature of the afternoon
session was an address by Dr. John Rob
bins of Georgia, who spoke upon. "Spirit
ual Gifts." A half hour of songr service,
led by Professor Carroll and the Epworth
chorus of seventy voices occupied a por
tion of the evening session, being followed ,
by an address by the Rev. W. E. Vaughn
editor of the Pacific Methodist Advocate'
Following Dr. Chapman, First VicePres
.ident C. R. Wicks took charge of the
meeting and opened a discussion on "De
votional Department Work." A very in
teresting paper on "Mission Study"- by
Miss Edwards of Chico was read. : The
Rev. Edward J. Harper of Centenary
i Church, San Francisco, was one vi the
principal speakers. A paper by 'C. M.
Paine of Stockton on "The Great Objects
of the Devotional Department," was next
read, followed by one bv Miss Eva Darst
iof Chico on "Wherein We Fail." A solo
;wes sung during the afternoon by Miss
¦ Cable of Oakland.
CLERGYMEJf ADDHESS
THE EPWOETH LEAGUE
Delegates of the Methodist Episcopal
Church South Meet in
Fresno.
FRESNO. June 19.— The general confer
ence' of the California Epworth League
of the Methodist Episcopal Church South
met in regular session in this city this
morning with an attendance of about 100
delegates, and commenced ¦what-promlses
to be one of the most profitable and en
tertaining sessions ever held in the State.
At 10 o'clock was commenced the business
session, State President Caldwell of Lom
poc presiding. At 11 o'clock the first ser
mon of the convention .was given by the
Rev. Guyton Fisher of West End,; Los
Anjreles, who spoke upon *?The Qreater
Miracle." The afternoon session opened
with a song service led by Professor J.
A. Carroll of Tennessee. ..-,.¦
The first pap.er was by Dr. M. B. Chap
man of Los Angeles, who i§ to conduct a
series of lectures on "Bible Study" during
the convention. His paper this afternoon
was on the subject of "The History, In
spiration and General Structure of the
Bible," and was very interesting through--
A rubber > stamp . and' outfit, with the
n * m t- "Mathew O. Stone." further fixes
the hotel, swindles upon the man.
Black refuses to talk of his predicament
Y^terday nearly all 'afternoon he. and
Attorney W. H. Schooler were in consul
tation and by the latter^ advice Black
maintained silence. ;:.¦"•
Black has a wardrobe that points to the
budding swell. In his room were found
a dress suit, a Tuxedo, five business suits
half a dozen pairs of patent leather shoes'
cravat*, ties, fine underweaV and silk
night shirts to please the most fastidious
of dandies. He had much automobile
literature and a matrimonial paper in a
grip. Evidently. Black had social ambii.
tions. V •
In Denver Black was a guest at the
Brown Palace, registered as R, M. Jones.
A telegram to that name and address, un
der date of May 23, was found among his
papers. It is is from Omafca, and reads:
"Arrived home OK. Mother very sick.
Letter follows. ¦'¦ ALICE."
Black reached San Francisco May 31,
evidently coming direct from Salt Lake
where on May 29 as R. I. Smith he had
deposited in bank $500. So far as is known
his operations in California had only just
begun and his dupes here are not numer
ous. Chief of Police Wittman and Cap
tain of Detectives Martin are receiving
many congratulations over the capture of
this man, whose clever operations have
baffled the detectives of so many cities. -
Besides the evidence already noted as
found in Black's room, there were check
books and loose blank checks of scores of
banks all over the country. A written
sheet contained the names of cashiers of
a large number, of banks. A typewritten
sheet contained names of cities and towns
in thirty-seven States.
\P~ M. Jones, Denver National Bank,
May 14, $500; Hoffman & Co., Indiana Na
tional Bank, $1000, April 29; G. A. Wash
ington, American National Bank of
Indianapolis, May 2, $1060; John O. Stone,
Columbia National Bank, April 29 May 1
$2073 30; G. S. Beal, State Savings Bank
and Trust Company, Columbus. Ohio.
February 3. $25; F. G. Davis, Garneld Sav
ings Bank, Cleveland, Ohio, February 20
$154 08; T. S. Steuben, Citizens' Bank, An
derson, Ind.. April 30, $773 40; R. I. Smith
National Bank of the Republic, Salt Lake
City, May 29, $500; R. M. Jones, Denver
National Bank, May 14 to 19. $3000.
How many of these were cash deposits
and how many deposits of fictitious
checks and drafts is not yet known.
Black's westward course and his Increas
ing prosperity Is shown by this unique
record. His use, in making deposits, of
the names of Stone, Jones, Davis,
Steuben, etc., the names of the payees of
fictitious Karl Company checks, helps to
fasten those crimes upon him.
Black had a deposit of $500 with the
First National Bank of San Jose. His
other bank books showed accounts and
aliases as follows :
Black's Bank of California account, un
der the name of G. W. Pratt, was opened
June 5 by the deposit of $1000 in cash. The
deposit of drafts and checks amounting
to $1435 followed, and June 13 he drew out
$940. The bank is still $60 to the good.
Black evidently was laying the founda
tion of a credit that would make the
passing of fictitious paper possible.
The Western National Bank account,
under the name of Black & Co., led to
the swindler's arrest. June 11 he depos
ited a draft on a New York bank for
$1100, June 12 a check on the Citizens'
Bank of Santa Clara for $800 and on June
13 one for $167 50 on the same bank. Both
the latter were signed "G. A. Groves" in
a handwriting that resembles signatures
found among Black's papers. Black ¦ got
$35 from the Western National Bank, but
when he tried to draw out by check $2000
more and the Santa Clara paper came
back marked "no funds" Black's arrest
in the Palace Hotel court Monday night
by Detectives McMahon and Whitaker
followed. •
Black had opened accounts, with the
Union National Bank of Oakland, depos
iting $500 in <ash June 9 under the name
of A. Young. June 12 he deposited a draft
for $1000 on the Indiana National Bank of
Indianapolis in favor of "J. B. Washing
ton." June IS he drew a check for $6oO
against the Oakland bank account in
favor of "G. W. Pratt," indorsed it in
that name and deposited it with the
Bank of California, where "G. W. Pratt"
had an account. The Oakland bank hon
ored the check and is out $100.
Thirteen -bank books showing deposits*'
from $35 to 'several thousands were among
Black's effects. The names' of the de
positors, again, were Black's aliases;
connect Black in some instances directly
with the hotel frauds. - .-.•••/
These checks were signed "M. D. Earl"
for the "Earl Fruit and Produce Com
pany," a corporation that does not exist.
They were made payable to the order of
various . persons. These fictitious, names,"
presumably Black's aliases, included Her
bert S. Johnson, Albe'rt Peren, C. H. But
ton, Mathew O. Stone, Walter Bartlett,
Denton Clark, H. D. Gordon, H. H.
Crane, .Torn Steuben, JL. O- Hoffman,
Frank. O. Blender, A. B. Webster, C. A.
Cotterall, W. J. Bisol, H. M. Crowell, U.
D. Brycei C:: J. Hickman, T. A. Morse; B."5
J. -Davidson «.nd Fred Green. The checks,
which foot up to $409135, were cashed by
hotels in Baston, Springfield, P.ortland
and Augusta*'. Me. ; Bridgeport and New
London, -Conif. ; Albany. Rochester, Troy 1
and Amsterdam. N.. Y,:- Chicago, PltU
burg, Cleveland, Louisville/-- Anderson,'
Ind., and Minneapolis- . '. r. .-.- .¦¦¦¦¦>'¦'.
blank forms of the National Hotel Keep
ers* Protective Association's credit letter
found in his room, and with them the zinc
plate, made by a Milwaukee engraving
company, from which the forms were
printed.
During the early weeks in 'April scores
of Eastern and Juiddle West hotels were
defrauded by means of bogus credit let
ters. Nearly all accredited the bearer as
connected with the "Earl Fruit and Pro
duce Company" of California. A dozen
different names were used for the bearer,
though it is believed that Black was the
operator in every case. The evidence
found to-day shows that Black alone or
Black and his associates forged the credit
letters at once upon, the receipt of the
genuine letter late in March and began
operations promptly.
Most of the "Earl Fruit and Produce
Company" checks were drawn on the
First National Bank of San Jose and the
American Bank and Trust Company of
San Francisco. Pinkerton reports to the
Polices' Department show twenty-three of
these bogus checks to have been already
received by; San Francisco banks and pro
tested by them.
Continued From Page One.
¦ Ten years ago two prospectors, Rice and
MacKenzie, started on a trip through the
Whitewater, district, which lies between
ICaslo and Sandon, in the vicinity of Bear
Lake. The two gold hunters discovered a
quantity of rich float quartz, which was
well honeycombed, and which, according to
their calculations, assayed as high as $900
a ton. They followed the float and were
successful in locating an extremely rich
ledg-e of free milling ore on the side of the
bluff. It was the find of a lifetime and
the men realized its importance. Sample's
were taken to the camp and assayed from
$?00 to $1508 to the ton.
The men registered their claim and went
to Rossland to exploit it. Shortly after
the two miners became entangled in an
affair touching the violent death of a
woman. Rice fled from the country and
MacKenzie returned to the Whitewater
camp next year, but could never find the
rich ledge, which promised fortune to so
many people. Last fall he died and the
search was taken up by other parties.
A week a^o another miner, a stranger in
the regicn. found the ledge, marked with
the old stakes of ten years ago, and to
day returns were obtained of over $1000 a
ton. The property is now owned by G.
JlacQuillan, Consul for Ecuador.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 19.— The dis
covery of a. marvelously rich gold ledge
in the Whitewater district, which had
been lost for ten years, is being exploited
by Jfootenay mining men. The story tjf
the criginal location of the mine, how it
first was lost and how .after i years of
search it was rediscovered almost by acci
dent Teads like a mining romance of the
sixties. .....
Special Disnaich to The Call.
BLACK A MAN OF MANY ALIASES
The. steamer White tlorse was released
from Quarantine at Dog Island yester
day. No new cases of smallpox have de
veloped anywhere in the territory and
the authorities have taken the most
stringent measures to prevent any fur
ther importations.
. Work on the government wagon road
between this citv and White Horse will
be commenced on Monday next.
A great deal of summer labor is being
done on bench and creek claims, the min
ers engaged in such work taking out goli
as they go along. The excellent results
attained t-.o far by sluicing operations
have had the effect of stirring up trade
in this city and the merchants are par
ticipating in more business now than they
ever had at corresponding periods of for
mer seasons.
DAWSON, June 19.— The clean-up in the
creeks is proceeding with a rush as recent
rains have given the miners full heads
of water in the sluices. Every man is
taking advantage of the" high water with
the result that gold is literally pouring
into the banks. The Canadian Bank of
Commerce alone has shipped to the out
side so far --this season over $1,000,000
worth of gold. The best estimate of th-3
clean-up places the ligure at $27,000,000 to
*2S.O00,(KA). '
Violent Death of a Woman
Causes the Loss of a
Fortune.
The Precious Metal Glitters
Along the Northern.
Streams.
Rough Romance At
taches to a Gold
Mine Discovery.
Figures.
Clean-Up in the Klondike
Will Be High in
GOLD REACHES
INTO MILLIONS
STRANGER FINDS
THE LOST LEDGE
2
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. "
' A WOMAN TO BE PRETTY
Must Have Luxuriant and Glossy
Hair, No Matter What Color.
Th§ finest contour of a female face, the
sweetest smile of _ a female mouth, loses
something if the head is crowned with
scant hair. Scant and falling hair, .'it* is
now known, Is caused by a parasite that
.burrows into the scalp to the root of the
haii, where it saps the vitality. The little
white scales . the germ throws up in bur-
rowing are called dandruff. To cure dan-
druff permanently, then, and to .stop fall-
ing hair, that germ, must be killed. N«w-
bro'a Herpicide; an. entirely new result of
the' chemical \ laboratory , destroys 'the
dandruff germ, and, of course,. stops the
falling hair ' and cures baldness.
We shall have a special sale of neckwear for .^mTiwntv^
three days— to-day, to-morrow and Monday. It is fine silk goods in
the prevailing patterns of the summer season. The shapes are
four-in-hands and tecks. The value of the ties is 50c; the special
price is . .
These special sales are held in our furnishing goods depart-
ment \o popularize the store— to get you to look to us for your fur- ?y
nishings, hats and clothing. You come in to buy a tie or maybe
. twoi and you are sure to\ see what an enormous stock of clothing
we carry. We are not looking to any "profit on the ties. It's your
future trade we are after, and if we secure it we will endeavor to
retain it by pleasing you in the value: of the merchandise.
Out-af-tonn orders filled— write us.
¦ ' / ';
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Torpid Liver I
, When youx complexion is R
sallow, and you are troubled B
with Constipation, Malaria, g
Bick Headache and other Liv- if
er Complaints, take |
Horjyford 9 * |
Acid I
Phosphate I
It stimulates healthy liver I
activity, increases the flow of B
bile, improves appetite, pro- 8
motes digestion, enriches the m
blood, andimproves the whole i
system. .- .-. U
EonforJ'f test ea rury GETO3TS |wli^ H
rfSSjiW ... \A/OMG W/OO.
P^,':-'CH7NESE TKA AKD
i? • ' * leTv -"vHER/i SANITARIUM.
Bb.|.', * ' f *Ui-i?i day St.. «. F., CaL
fc jf liEKKKLEY. Cal., J Jne 5.
¦—^sSsSsV* r>r - Wong Y»Y>o— Dear
*T&JMzi%flR3f }!'• xvitil Measure I tes-
*6*mu£&JL$* ¦ uf i' t0 your marvelous
fcklll and knowledge, liav-
tns been i a great sufferer from rheumatism
lor more than four years. My. case pronounced
incurable by several physicians, I was ver-
tuaded to try your remedies. Four months*'
treatment resulted in a complete cure and i
rain In weight' of- seventy pounds. 1 attribute
toy pod health entirely to your medicine. Cor-
OJally yours. MKS. X..J. ABBOTT, 2122 Cen-
s All diseases cured .exclusively by ChiiiP K »
herbs, over 3000 varieties beine used. Hour*
O:--Ki to 11 a, ra.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 0 p. m.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I S A GREAT ItESTOJUVrrVE, INVIGOKA-
¦ tor and I\ervlae. "*
The west wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tccic lor the Sexual Or K *nn. for bcth «xe^.
The Mexican Kemedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Cells on Jts own merits.
~^ B F?- AL F S & BKUNE. As^SZr
S23 M&rket St.. S. P.— <Send for Circulars.) •
RPTTC WT?C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JDXHJOJlIJuO ers. 'bootblacks, bath-
"T? houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canneru,
Oyere, flourmills. foundries/- laundries, paper-
haneers, printere, painters, shoe factories,
ttablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
KUCHA* A. <f BROS..
Crush Manufacturers, G09 Sacramento StMANAGUA. Nicaragua, June 19.^ — All the
roads between Corinto, on the Pacific, and
Grai.-adu. on Lake Nicaragua, have been' com
pl'ted.
"While the Embassador admits that th»
jails in Italy are not as sanitary as the
ones in the United States, he expresses
the opinion that If an offense was com
mitted against the local municipal laws,
the offenders should suffer the custom
ary local punishment.
The publication of the text of the dis
approval from London has undoubtedly
embarrassed this Government, arid Rear
Admiral Crownlnshield will • probably be
asked to explain how the matter became
public. It was rumored that a cable has
a:ready been sent to Crowninshield re
questing this Information, but it lacks
confirmation. The Secretary carried away
from the Navy Department this evening
a voluminous manuscript containing the
record of the court. He has not made up
his mind whether cr not he -will make it
public:
Rumors are current to-night that Cap
tain Dayton of the Chicago, president ot
the court of inquiry, will request a court
of inquiry on his conduct during the trou
ble. This would be a direct result of
Crowninshield's sharp criticism of Dayton
for his failure to make representations
in behalf of the imprisoned officers.
Chicago court of 'inquiry was concluded.
These officials felt that It would be best
to allow the incident to drop out of sight,
therefore It was agreed by Secretary Hay
that the report of the proceedings of the
court of inquiry should not be published,
while the Embassador agreed that noth
ing should be made public in Italy bear
ing on the proceedings of the civil court
before which the American officers were
convicted. The Embassador says that the
record of the civil court, a copy of which
he showed to Acting Secretary Hill to
day, contains the sworn statement of
many witnesses that the officers were in
toxicated and provoked trouble in the
cafe. Now that the text of Admiral
Crowninshield's comment has been pub
lished, the Italian government is likely to
retaliate by publishing the record of the
civil court to show that the trial v/as fair,
and by furnishing evidence to show that
the officers were not subjected to "revolt
ing indignities." The Italian authorities
have received letters from the United
States Consul at Venice expressing satis
faction with the manner in which the of
ficers were treated.
practically extinct, were quite numerous, and
Northern Democratic Governors, now almost
never seen, were frequently encountered.
If this state of impairment exists, an instant
duty presses upon the managers of the Demo
cratic establishment; and one which they can
not evade with honor. Those of us less prom
inent In the party-'-the rank and file — are long-
Ing- to be led through old Democratic ways to
old Democratic victories. We were never more
ready to do enthusiastic battle than now. If
we can only be marshaled outaide the shadow
of predestined defeat. Is it too much to ask
our leaders to avoid paths that are known to
lead to disaster; is it too much to ask that
proven errors be abandoned, and that we be
delivered from a body of death, and relieved
from the burden of Issues which have been kill
ed by the decrees of the American people?
Ought not we to be fed upon something better
than the husks of defeat?. If these questions
are met in an honest manly fashion, I believe
it will be productive of the best kind of Demo
cratic harmony.
In dealing with new Issues we of the Demo
cratic faith are fortunate in the simplicity of
Democratic standards and the ease with which
new questions can be measured by those stan
dards. A party based upon care for the inter
ests of all the people, as their aggregate con
dition demands, with no unjust favoritism for
any particular class; a party devoted to the
plan of popular government as our fathers
ordained It and for the purposes which they
sought to establish: a party whose conservatism
opposes dangerous and un-American experi
ments and yet puts n«- barrier In the way of
frenulne and safe progress, ought to be able to
deal with new conditions In a manner quite
consistent with Democratic doctrine, and stim
ulating to Democratic pulses and instincts.
NO GAUDY ISSUES.
Let us not forget, however, that it is not in
the search of new and gaudy issues, nor the
interpretation of strange visions that a strong
and healthy Democracy displays its splendid
power. Another party may thrive on the ever
shifting treatment of the ever-shifting moods
of popular restlessness, or by an insincere play
upon unreasoning prejudice and selfish antici
pation — but the Democratic party never. Demo
cracy has already in etore the doctrines for
which It fights its successful battles, and it will
have them in store as long as the people, are
kept from their own. and just as long as their
rights and Interests are sacrificed, by favoritism
In government care, by Inequality of govern
ment burdens, by the encouragement of huge
Industrial aggregations that throttle Individual
enterprise, by the reckless waste of public
money, and by the greatest of all injuries as it
underlies nearly all others, a system of tariff
taxation whose .robbing exactions are far be
yond the needs of economical and legitimate
government expenditure, which purchases sup
port by appeals to sordldness and greed, which
continually corrupts the public conscience.
What but infatuation with the visage of de
feat can explain the subordination of these
things by Democrats when they prepare for
battle? If we are to have a rehabilitation and
a realignment of our party in the sense sug
gested. It Is Important that it be done openly,
and with no mystery or double meaning. Our
people are too much on the alert to accept poli
tical deliverances they do not understand, and
the enthusiasm of the Democratic rank and file
does not thrive on mystery-
DEMOCRATIC HABJIONY.
The Democratic harmony of which we hear
so much cannot be effectively constructed by
mathematical rule, nor by a formal agreement
on the part of those who have been divided,
that there shall be harmony. It grows up natu
rally when true Democratic principles are
plainly announced, when Democratic purposes
are honestly declared, when as a result of
those, care and enthusiasm stir the Democratic
blood. It was such harmony as -this, growing
out of such conditions, which with the battle
cry of "Tilden and Reform" gave us the
Democratic victory of 1876 against odds great
enough to discourage any but a harmonious
Democracy and against an opposing- force
brazen and desperate enough to take from us
by downright robbery what the voters of the
land gave to us.
-I believe the times point to another Demo
cratic opportunity as now at hand, but I be
lieve we shall reap the fruits of It only by
following the line of conduct I have Indicated.
In any event. I have a comforting and abiding
faith In the indestructibility of the party
which has so many times shown Its rleht to
live and its power for good, and I am sure the
reserve of patriotic Democratic wisdom will at
the same time declare itself in the rescue of
our country and of our party.
My days of political activity are past and I
shall not hereafter assume to participate in
party councils. I am absolutely content with
retirement, but I still have one burning, anx
ious political aspiration. I want to see before
I die the restoration to perfect health and
supremacy of that Democracy whose mission
It Is to bless the people — a Democracy true to
ltsslf, untempted by clamor, unmoved by the
gusts of popular passion and uncorrupted by
offers of strange alliance — the Democracy of
patriotism, the Democracy of safety, the Dem
ocracy of Tilden and the Democracy that de
serves and wlnn success.
At the point in his speech where Cleve
land announced his absolute retirement
from politics the crowd yelled, "No, no,
no.."
Ex-Senator -David B. Hill, who spoke
next, was received almost as enthusias
tically as Cleveland. Dowiing 'in intro
ducing him said:
"Mr. Hill is to-day the recognized lead
er of his party in New York State, and
under his guidance and leadership we
are confident of victory."
SIGNS OF THE TIMES.
Hill said In part:
The signs of the times point unmistakably to
an awakened interest in the promotion of suc
cess of Democratic principles of government.
These manifestations, however, are not con
fined within strict party lines, but • renewed
activity in political affairs is displayed as well
among those of independent proclivities and
among the people generally who are not satis
fied with existing political conditions and de
sire a chance of the public policies now pre
vailing. There is especially a deep conviction
among thoughtful people that there is some
thing radically wrong in the foreign policy of
the present administration.
Hill here referred to the recent speech
of Mr. Hoar in the Senate upon the Phil
ippine question, and said that it ¦ had
made a profound and lasting impression
upon the heart and conscience of the
country. Hill continued:
This great and patriotic speech was not met
or enswered by the partisan address of Presi
dent Roosevelt, delivered on Decoration day
in violation of the proprieties of the occasion,
wherein he purposely or inadvertently confused
the well-recognized distinctions which exist
between the administration and the Govern
ment — between the army and the Government,
and between all the other officials of the Gov
ernment and the Government itself; and
assumed to question the loyalty of . those
who have ventured to criticize the
cruel acts of a few officers of the army,
¦«tho. If semi-official reports are correct, have
undoubtedly disgraced the uniform which they
wear. This confusion of the state itself with
the ruler thereof is not new in history. It
was LjOuIs XIV who once made the same mis
take when he assumed to be France and uttered
the famous declaration: "I am the state,"
a remark which might have lost him his head
in later times of less despotism; and President
Roosevelt in another sense seems to have al
ready lost his head when he forgets that this
country differs from both ancient and modern
France in that here It is not a crime to criti
cize the army or the President* or any other
servant or servants of the people, and he
needs to be reminded that it. is a government
of law; a government under a written consti
tution, wherein the right of every citizen to
freely express his sentiments upon administra
tive questions is expressly guaranteed — and
that loyalty to the Government does not con
sist in loyalty to individuals or to the policies
of those who happen to hold official positions.
ARRAIGNS ADMINISTRATION
I^oyalty to this Government consists In at
tachment to our free institutions — In the faith
ful observance of constitutional provisions — In
respect for its flag as the emblem of civil lib
erty — in support of the authorities of the
United States against the attacks of our for
eign or domestic foes; but it does not con
sist in ostentatious professions of "Intense
Americanism" nor indifference to the preserva
tion or spread of republican forms of Govern
ment anywhere, nor in suppressing free speech
nor in conquering the free people of any and
distant lands, who desire to govern themselves
nor in unlawfully sending accredited repre
sentatives of this Government abroad without
the consent of the Senate, to witness the coro
nation of a King whose monarchical govern
ment, to its shame be It said, has just suc
ceeded in crushing" the two struggling repub
lics of South Africa. And right here I may
tx: permitted to suggest that the administra
tion of President Roosevelt will be . particularly
noted as the one during the existence of which
the republics of those brave and gallant peo
ple were destroyed — destroyed without cne
word of protest or one effort to save them or
one kind word of sympathy for them In their
unequal struggle, expressed on the part of this
— the greatest republic of the world — whose
influence should always be exerted on the side
of free institutions. . ¦
In" contrast with that supine attitude we
NEW YORK, June 19.— Democratic
unity was the keynote to-night
of a great gathering of repre
sentative Democrats, who had
come to attend -fle opening of
the handsome new quarters of the Tllaen
Club. Addresses were made by prominent
Democrats and afterward a collation was
served in the banquet hall to the distin
guished quests of the evening and a buffet
supper served in the basement for the
ranK and file.
To Democrats the event was one of the
most memorable for many a day, as
Grover Cleveland and David B. Hill met
in harmony, seeking to draw the factions
of their party together. It was the first
public political appearance of the ex-
President in live years and his first meet-
Ing with Hill in eix years.
William J. Bryan had been invited to
attend, but not to speak, but no reply
va.s received Irom. him.
CLEVELAND'S SPEECH.
Cleveland arrived at the clubhouse, ac
companied by H. D. Hotchklss, Dr. Jo
seph i). Bryant and John C. Cainoun. tie
had scarcely got into the building when
ex-Senator xJavid B. riiil, accompanied by
1-^rtiin Kellogg, came in. Mill's eye
ca.uijnt Cleveland as soon as he had en
tereii the spacious club foyer and a. mo
ment later they were cordially shaking
each otner's hand.
Loud and prolonged applause greeted
the two men as they entered the assembly
room. President Dowiing of the club soon
began to speak and in introducing ex-
Prtsident Cleveland said:
"We have with us here to-night the
greatest of living Democrats. The first
speaker I have tne honor ot introducing
to you is the successful candidate of two
national campaigns, ex-President Grover
Cleveland."
There was tremendous applause as
Cleveland ascended the small platform.
This applause wound up with three cheers
and a -tiger." When quiet was restored
the former President began speaking. He
said:
I have been urced to participate In thli oc
casion by those who have assured me that this
hancUom* structure is to be dedicated to-night
by the rehabilitation and the reconstruction of
the Ltemocratic party under the inspiration of
a ncine which, during the days of Democratic
btrengtii and achievement, was honored by ev
ery Democratic household. Such an assurance
made to one who toilowed with hearty devotion,
the leadership ot Samuel J. Tilden when living,
ar.d who has since found in his career and
fame the hishest incentive to Democratic
steadfastness, could hardly fail to overcome
the temptation of my contented retirement from
jjoliiical activity. Perhaps there are those who
would deline my position as one of banishment
instead of retirement. Against this I shall not
enter a protest. It is sufficient for me in
either case that I have followed in matters of
difference within our party the teachings and
counsel of the great Democrat in whose name
party peace and harmony are to-night invoked.
No ccmresslon of party Bin should therefore be
expected. I have none to make; nor do I
crav e political absolution. I am here to take
counsel with others professing the same party
laith concerning the Democratic situation. I
suppose we all are convinced that this situation
might be Improved; and come of us may think
it is perilously undermined. Whatever the
measure of its impairment may be, our condi
tion as an organization cannot be improved
by calling each other harsh names, nor by in
augurating a system of arbitrary proscription
and banishment. The members of a business
/firm In financial embarrassment should not sit
down and look In each other's face !n mute
despair, neither will they regain financial
soundness , or the confidence of the business
community br recrimination aad quarrel; nor
will any members of the firm aid in its restor
ation to solvent strength by an angry Insis
tence •upon a continuation of the business meth
ods which have invited its embarrassment.
HOT YET INSOLVENT.
The Democratic party is very far from po
litical Insolvency, but no one here should be
offended by the Euggeftion that Its capital and
prospects have suffered serious injury since Mr.
Tilden was elected President. Then and after
ward Northern Democratic States were not rare
curiosities; Northern Democratic Senators, now
CALL BUREAU. 14C6 G STREET.N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 19.—
Italy has taken umbrage at \ the
statement made in the published
disapproval - by Rear Admiral
Crowinshield of the findings of the court
of inquiry in .which he said that the offi
cers of the Chicago arrested in Venice
suffered "revolting indignities" while im
prisoned. Signor Mayor des Planches, the
Italian Embassador, called at the State
Department to-day and requested an ex
planation of the publication. He declares
that his government will in self-defense
probably publish the record of the trial
in order to show that the officers were at
fault. Signor des Planches talked with
Dr. D. J. Hill, acting Secretary of State,
and Secretary Moody, who assured him
that the publication had been made with
out authority from the Government. The
Embassador has cabled the facts to his
government, and is awaiting advices. It
is feared the matter may take a more
serious turn on account of the apparent
violation by the United States of its side
of an agreement which the Embassador
made with Secretary Hay soon after the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
....Jones of Virginia, the ranking member
of the minority Of the eommitte made
an able presentation of the Democratic
position, but he yielded the floor after
speaking about an hour and will resume
to-morrow morning. These were the only
speeches made to-day.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— The opening
day of the week's debate on the Philip
pine bill in the House was signalized by
a remarkably strong and exhaustive
speech by Cooper of Wisconsin, chairman
of the Committee on Insular Affairs. He
spoke for almost three hours and was
given close attention by both sides of the
House. . Much of the speech was a gen
eral defense of the policy pursued by the
administration and drew repeated ap
plause from his* side of the House. He
contended that the problem of the Philip
pines should not be a party question; that
both political parties brought on the war
with Spain and the -votes off members of
both parties ratified the treaty which
made the islands American territory. The
most telling portion of his bill was the
parallel he drew between the present atti
tude of the opposition and the attitude
of the opposition during and immediately
succeeding the Civil War.
We all adhere to that doctrine declared by
Jefferson as follows: "Peace, commerce and
We are all in favor of the constitutional re
form involved in the election of United States
Senators by the people rather than by State
Lejrlflatures.
We all recognize the dignity of labor and Its
right to demand Just and adequate compensa
tion. We are all opposed to an immense stand
ing armv In times of peace.
We all stand for free trade in all articles con
trolled by thn trusts. We all desire Justice for
Cuba and Justice to the consumers of the Unit
ed States also. We fi.ll stand where Jackson
Benton and Tllden stood — In favor of hard
money as opposed to an irredeemable paper
currency. ;
We all concur in the principle that taxation
should be Imposed lor public purposes only.
We all favor freedom of commerce, and there
fore favor genuine reciprocity with foreign na
tions, but are all opposed to sham Republican
reciprocity, which is only another . name for
Republican hypocrisy. There is no division in
sentiment in our opposition to corporate com
binations of capital which create monopolies,
stifle competition and unreasonably enhance
prices for the necessaries of life. •
There is substantial accord among the Dem
ocrats or the country upon the timely Issues
which are now engrossing public attention. We
are all united In l'avor of the preservation of
constitutional liberty wherever our flag floats.
We are opposed as the permanent policy of the
Government to the maintenance of dependent
colonies to be governed outside the pale of the
constitution. We are all agreed that the civil
should always be superior to the military
power.
ON DEMOCRATIC UNITY.
That there has existed for some time a poyu
lar sentiment demanding reliet in some lorm
ironi the*e exactions ia quite apparent. Acting
upon the assumption that the trusts, should be
prosecuted by tneir friends and not their ene
'mies, the national administration has at last
constrained Itself to institute some civil suits
to test the etficacy of the Sherman act. What
has been the net result? A few temporary in
Junctions have been obtained, with the tacit
consent of the trusts themselves, or at least
with little or no opposition, which in general
terms restrain the trusts^ irom violating th-«
Sherman act (which they '¦ expressly deny they
have violated or are now violating) and little
or nothing- else has been accomplished and th»
courts will soon adjourn for the summer: the
business is continued and prices remain the
same. It is a sufficient commentary on th°
whole proceeding: to say that no criminal pros
ecution has been instituted; no arrest has been
made and no indictment found anywhere.
What the people want is immediately relief
from the present high prices extorted from
them. More relief can be obtained by the ap
plication of a speedy and effectual remedy in
the repeal of all tariff duties upon productions
controlled by the trustay It has unreasonably
increased public taxation for the benefit of pri
vate Interest and finally it has promoted dan
gerous speculation to an' extent which the bold
est business gambler never dreamed of where
by millions upon millions of worthless stocks
have been unloaded upon a deceived public, upon
the promise and expectation of dividends which
cannot be earned and can never be realized
creating an alleged prosperity, which must
necessarily be false and fictitious; and when
the bubble bursts — as ere' long it surely must
it will inevitably bring disaster to the business
community, and the public will have learned to
their sorrow that lesson of political economy
which teaches that people can never get rich
; by simply taxing themselves
Hill asserted that the logic of events
had demonstrated the soundness of many
Democratic contentions of recent years
He recited that portion of the Kansas
City platlorm which condemned the Ding
ley tariff law as a trust-breeder and said
that this measure had not only succeeded
In creating more trusts than ever before
Jn-the history of the country, but It has
also succeeded in stifling competition to a
greater extent than was ever known He
declared further that it had succeeded in
unnecessarily raising: the cost of living
and had caused more strikes on the part
of workingmen than at any period of our
history. He added:
ALLEGED TRUST BREEDER.
Neither are we Insensible to the appeals of
Cuba for relief from the tariff exactions Im
posed by the Republican party. We were the
friends of Cuba when she was suffering from
Spanish oppression and when a Republican ad
ministration was reluctant to interfere in its
behalf. We are the true friends of Cuba to
day and we are prepared to mete out to her
not merely a paltry "20 per cent." but the lull
measure of justice to which she is entitled
and which the administration now refuses to
If the policy of protection Is to continue in
whole or In part to be tolerated by the coun
try it may be well to consider whether It were
noi. better that Its evils should not be at
tempted to be mitigated by piecemeal or pop
gun legislation, but that our efforts should be
reserved until the country has become so sur
feited with its monstrous injustice that it ia
prepared to destroy the whole Eystem of pro
tection and to return to a constitutional and
Just system of taxation for purposes of revenue
only.
It is not believed that it Is the province of
the Democrats in Congress to assist in the
consummation of any such inadequate and ques
tionable scheme. Let the injustice be wholly
or substantially righted, not by piecemeal legis
lation, but by a complete and comprehensive
measure based upon sound Democratic prin
ciples and along right lines. A "reciprocity"
measure Is a misnomer which does not contem
plate at least 50 per cent reduction of the ex
isting tariff burdens. When the people of
Cuba are asking for bread we should not offer
them a stone.
The country Is just now aroused to the In
justice and enormity of the Dingley tariff
(which it should not be forgotten was passed
by a Republican Congress and approved by a
Republican President), especially in its appli
cation to the sister republic of Cuba, and pub
lic sentiment is apparently demanding that the
whole wrong should be righted, but Instead of
that being proposed to be done, the subject is
being Juggled with in the Senate and a tub Is
proposed to be thrown to the whale in the
shape of an unsatisfactory compromise with
Injustice, whereby four-fifths of the offlcial
robbery shall be permitted to remain, not in
the interest of the country, but solely in the
Interest of the "preservation of Republican
harmony."
FRIENDS OF CUBA.
The whole system of governmental favorit
ism, whereby the constitutional power to tax
for the purpose of providing revenue . for the
needs of the Federal treasury • is improperly
used to build up one man's business at the ex
pense of another's, by discriminating in favor
of one Industry as against another, is a vicious
system which has long afflicted the country and
which has grown more and more Intolerable
with years, and against which the Democracy
has ever protested. It is utterly indefensible
upon any Just and proper principle of govern
ment. There Is no justification for the exer
cise of power of legislation to make millionaires
or one class of people and paupers of another.
Discussing the Cuban tariff question
Hill said the present controversy in Cuba
over that subject served to Illustrate the
hypocrisy as well as the unsoundness of
the whole Republican position on the
subject of the tariff. Proceeding on this
topic he said: " '
The subject demands the investigation of
Congress and the prompt punishment of the
offending offlcial if he can be reached through
criminal or military law. The history of the
country does not furnish a more flagrant
breach of offlcial duty as well as of offlcial
propriety than that presented by the misconduct
of Wood. . Yet he - had neither been arrested
nor rebuked nor censured, nor called to ac
count by the administration, but^publlc at
tention to the scandal was sought to be divert
ed by the sudden interposition of a epeclal
message to Congress Imperiously demanding
the passage of a miserable compromise "twenty
per cent" measure -of "Justice to Cuba."
The ex-Senator then took up the sub
ject of Cuba., dealing first with the ad
ministration of General AVood, whom he
bitterly arraigned. l The. use of money
"for partisan and lobbying purposes in
aid of administrative measures pending
before Congress." ne declared, "served to
emphasize the irresponsible and danger
ous character of arbitrary military rule
anywhere, whether temporary or perma
nent." Continuing he said:
should not forget the vigorous and patriotic
action of that Democratic President who honors
this club with his presence here to-night, who
when that same mighty empire of Great Britain
in 1805 attempted to crush the republic of
Venezuela, promptly sent that famous mes
sage to Congress which electrified the country,
wherein he Insisted that Great Britain must
not be permitted, under the pretense of a
boundary dispute. t*o seize Venezuela without
first submitting the alleged difference to ar
bitration, or else this Government would Inter
pose its strong arm for the protection of that
republic. And Great Britain finally concluded
to arbitrate the dispute and Venezuela was
saved from destruction. /
GOES AFTER GENERAL WOOD.
Contends That the Problem
Should Not Be a Party
Question;
A FTEB, a parting of six years Grover Cleveland and David Bennett Hill met and shook hands last
j /% night *at a Democratic love feast. Cleveland made a speech pleading for harmony in the ranks of
I the party, while Hill sounded the keynote of Bourbon doctrine in the next Presidential campaign—
I an arraignment of the acts and policy of the present administration.
REAR ADMIEAL CHOWNIIiSEIEIiD'S caustic comments on the arrest of American naval officers at
Venice are likely to lead up to international complications. The Italian Embassador at Washington
¦ called at the State Department yesterday and entered a protest against Crowninshield's statement
that the Americans recently imprisoned by the Italian authorities suffered "revolting indignities."
Italian Embassador Protests Against Charge That
Americans Suffered Indignities.
Exhaustive Speech by
. Representative
Cooper.
Former Leaders fleet at a Democratic Love Feast and
Sound Keynote of Party's Doctrine.
CROWNINSHIELD'S COMMENT
MAY CAUSE COMPLICATIONS
DEFENDS POLICY
IN PHILIPPINES
CLEVELAND DEMANDS HARHONY;
HILL ARRAIGNS REPUBLICANS
Continued on Page Five.
.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1902.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§ VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY lor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over flfty
years by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of «eU-
abUEe, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cur. lost
Manhood. lmpotency. Lost
-.— .— - Power, Klght losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back, Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Servous Debility. He&dach*. Unntness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, «-— Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ncr "^ II rous Twltchln* of
Hyelids, Effects are ZTmMrm. immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *•«•" « • ncy to every func-
Uon. Don't get despondent. • a cure is at hand.
Reetore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
tfce brain and nerve centers; SOe a box: 6 for
C2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to car* or
money refunded with 6 bores. Circular* free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Kills St..
6an Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. SS
and 40 Third «t_
Many otherwise wise men waste money in buying their clothes. They go to high-
priced stores and pay well for the privilege. If they can afford it, then, very well, but
nine out of ten men appreciate saving all that is possible when they buy their suits.
In our store you get full and fair value for every dollar spent — the value lies in the
materials, workmanship and style of the garments. The value is there, as you buy
direct from the makers, and the middleman's usual profits go into the making of the
clothes. Here you get better value for the same money or the same value for less money.
Our $Q suit is what many men want. It comes in solid blue serges and mixed
tweeds and cheviots.-,. It combines style and value.
Men-s striped worsted trousers, variety of patterns, $2.^6 value, for $1.Q5.
\ Wf "^ flllr Every mother thinks that her boy is the hardest on clothes of any young- (- £j / '
"?v J@^ ster she ever saw. To clothe him at a small cost is a constant study. It means /c!_^r^n(
watching for bargains and picking out good values. We can help you on this
clotnes question. We make the garments ourselves and sell direct to you '^^^i^^^^^:'
1 *^ s means llt one snia U profit, which is a saving to you. x^4 V^l j^^^^^^l^ \
\ tl^^^^^^^^M%^^ Suppose you see the sailor suits we are selling for $2.00. They are all- /^-'^^/^^.s^Ss^i^y//
l $'kM*'^ f^^S 1^^ W ° o1 S arments in a mim1jer of swell, stylish patterns; actual value $5.00; ages \ v^^^^^K^^t^^
A11 sorts ° f Olltins toss for boys at a11 prices - Brin " the # boy u p and we \^m£'^^ -
Vvi: W^liSf <; Imported Mexican straw hats for boys, children and ladies, 15c, 25c t^l^^^'l^
1 i twlilr Hvtll Baseball -and bat or explosion cane free with every suit in the boys' out- |'4 Bra
WW/ \ifil N - lllot l iers f^^e: A set of six beautiful pastels. '-i^a 1 ' 1 ' mis
y ICJ jLYl.ci.nKwl J^LrCCL Js^
Good enough
\ LL tf AVANA Filler
| " FLORODORA " BANDS en
\ cf seme value es tegs from
• "STAR," "HORSESHOE."
SPEARHEAD."" STANDARD NA JT."
" OLD PEACH & HONEY/*
•'SAW LOG." " OLE VARGINY'*
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
fTO SAIL.
TRANSPORT Kl LPATRICK PASSES DOCTORS IN RECORD TIME
THE SAN FRAJNCISCO CALL, Jb\UJJL>A Y, U .UJN JU ZU,^ J.aua."
FRIDAY. JUNE 20.
NOTF — The high and low waters occur a 8
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the. height of tide Is the same at both places.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦": "¦ .'
FROM SEATTLE.
Four Days Late.
The Pacific Mail steamship San Juan has left
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Godfrey, for Port Townsend; schr Sadie, for
Umpqua" River; schr Abble, for Columbia
River; stmr Pasadena, for Eureka; stmr Olym
pic, for San Francisco. . • . . . ¦ • • . ¦
NEAH BAY— Passed in June 19— Nor stmr
Tltanla, hence June 15, for. Nanalmo; stmr
Rainier, hence June 15,' for Seattle. . '¦_ i.
Passed out June 19-^Schr Expansion, "from
The shipment of flour to the Orient which
ceased for <juite a while owing to the overload-
Ing of the Oriental markets, hae been resumed
and the steamship Gaelic, which 6alls on Satur
day will take about 800 tons.
Flour for China.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, IT. S. N"., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
of the lower low waters.
June 19. 1902.
The Time Ball -on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m., Greenwich time.
j. t. McMillan,
Nautical Expert, in charge.
NOTE — In the above exposition ot the tides
the early morning tides are given in the lefc
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs.. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings ot the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when- a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and thefr the number
given Is subtracted frcm the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the meao
Sun rises 4:1?
Sun sets , • 7:".3
Moon rises (full) 0;00 p. m.
The tramp steamship Arab has been charter
ed by Renton, Holmes & Co. to carry lumber
from Port Blakeley to Shanghai. The char
ter price, 33 shillings. Is the lowest figure that
h&a been accepted for years.
Arab's Low Charter.
J. Curtln. keeper of a sailor boarding-house,
lost part of one of his ears yesterday afternoon
In a. runaway. His horse ran away and with
Curtln !n the buggy tore Its vray through men
and teams to the end of Main street ¦wharf.
The horse stopped when there was nothing but
•water ahead and allowed Curtin to drive him
back to the roadway. Crossing a Santa Fe
trm.ck the buggy wheel struck a rail. Curtin
¦went over the dashboard and the wheels passed
ever hi* neck, tearing off part of one ear.
Curtin Loses an Ear.
Tacoma, for ' San Pedro. . _ ,-'•*"'
UMPQUA — Arrived June 18— Schr Lucy,
from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived . June 19— Stmr Geo W
Elder, hence June 17.
EUREKA— Arrived June 19— Stmr Redwood
City, hence June 17; stmr Eureka, hence
June 18. ..
Sailed June 19— Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Santa Monica, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed out June 19 —
Fr bark Duke of Fife, for Hongkong.
UMPQUA — Arrived June 10 — Schr Louise,
from San Die^o. •" _ ,
WESTPORT— Sailed June IS— Stmr Point
Arena, for Mendoclno. ' ¦ ¦ ,
SEATTLE— Arrived June 10— Stmr Faral
lon, from Skarway. '
Sailed June 18 — Stmr Dolchin, for Skagway.
TILLAMOOK — Sailed June 18 — Stmr South
Coast, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEWPORT NEWS — Sailed June IS— Stmr
Korea,. for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 19— Ship Abner
Coburn,' for Baltimore. ¦ ¦¦ '
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH — Sailed June 17 — Fr bark Fran
cols Cospe, for Bremen. • . .
- HAMBURG— Sailed June ! 15 — Ger ship Tar
penbek, for Port l-os Angeles. ¦ ¦
SYDNEY — Sailed Jure 17 — Br shin Port
Crawford, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP — Arrived June 17 — Br bark Cas
tor, from Oreiron. • ¦
DUNGENESS — Passed June 18 — Br shin
Codvia, from Newcastle, England, for San
Francisco.
PRAVVLE POINT — Passsd June 18 — Br ship
Helensburgh, from Antwerp, for San Fran
cisco. ' • ' • • ' "
NEWCASTLE. Australia— Sailed June 18—
ANTWERP— Sailed June 19— Stmr Penn
land, for Philadelphia.
NEW YORK — Sailed June 19 — Stmr Brem
en, for Bremen: stmr La Touralne, for Havre,
LIVERPOOL. — Arrived June 19 — Rtmr Hav
erford, from Philadelphia; stmr Saxonia, from
Boston.
CHERBOURG — Arrived June 19 — Stmr Molt
ke, from. New York.
GENOA — Arrived June 19 — Stmr Palatia,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 19— Stmr Bel
genland, for Philadelphia; stmr Majestic, for
New York.
BOSTON — Arrived June 19— Stmr Ivernla,
from Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Ship Jos B Thomas, for Honolulu; bark Gen
Fairchlld, for Honolulu.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived June 16— Br ship
Wendur, f roni Oregon.
AUCKLAND— Sailed June 18— Ship Henry
Falling, for Port Townsend.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 18— Br stmr
Doric, for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS — Sailed June 19 — Schr Fearless,
for Port Townsend.
ACAPULCO-^Salled June 19 — Br «tmr Are
qulpa, for San Francisco.
ARMY TRANSPORT WHICH ARRIVED FROM MANILA YESTERDAY AF
,TER A VOYAGE OF THIRTY DAYS, REACHING PORT WITH A CLEAN
BILL OF HEALTH AND BEING PROMPTLY PASSED AT QUARANTINE.
Pilot Commissioner Captain W. G. I/eale left
yesterday for Drakes Bay to take up the thread
of a voyage commenced last Thursday. Cap
tala Leale has a summer home at Inverness on
Tomales Bay, where the family of the pilot
commissioner Is at present sojourning. A few
weeks ago Captain Leale put Into commission
the eloop yacht Scout, and last Thursday start
ed to call the craft to Inverness. He started
la tow of a gasoline schooner that was heading
In that direction. Outside the heade a strong
northwester complicated the towing arrange
ment and as a matter of mutual protection the
boats parted company. The schooner continued
her voyage. The pilot commissioners yacht
tried to do likewise, but a freshening of the
pale forced Captrln Leale to run for the friend
ly shelter of Drakes Bay. The Scout has been
there ever 6lnce. Leale went ashore, chartered
an agricultural conveyance and sailed overland
to In\-erness, piloted by a farmer who tired out
the captain by his Insatiable demands for just
one more of "them dlllct stories," and whose
cpringless waeon tested the saJlorman's abil
ltr to bold 03 more vigorously than did the
tumbling of the Scout, Captain Leale left yes
terday for Drakes Bay and expects to be spo
ken off Inverness within a few days.
Leale's Long Voyage.
TACOMA — Arrived June 19 — Stmr City of
Topeka, from Alaska; stmr Queen, hence
June 15.
Arrived June 19 — ScHr Endeavor, from San
Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived June 19 —
Stmr Samoa, hence June 17.
BAN PEDRO— Sailed June 19— Schr Ruth B
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, June 19, 10 d m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Thursday, June- 19.
Stmr Rival, Olsen. Wlllapa Harbor.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Astoria and Dutch
Harbor.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Marshfield, Dettmers, Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Ellefsen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hisrsrins, Eureka.
Schr Mary S, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Webfoot, Semsen. Columbia River.
Schr Jessie Minor, Whitney, Eureka.
Schr Eureka. Schou, Eureka.
Schr Lily, Nllson, TJmpqua River.
SAILED.
Thursday, June 19.
Br shin from Liverpool, for San
Francisco, with pilot on board.
OFF THE PORT.
Thursday, June 19.
Br stmr Klrkdale. Gibson, Vancouver; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Ship Geo Curtis, Bennett, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
Bark Martha Davis, McAlman, Hilo; Welch
& Co.
Schr Czarina. • Wallstedt. Unga; McCollam
Fishing and Trading Co.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, June 19.
Stmr Pomona, . Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 33 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Scotia, Ertckson, 12 hours from
Bowens Landlrsr.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, S5 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Aberdeen, Higgins, 40 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, 41 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from
San Dieeo and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 26 hours from Monte
rey and way Dorts.
Stmr Ruth, Erickson, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
U S ctmr KUoatrlck, Rogers, 30 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 22 days..
S?chr Ida A, Campbell, & hours from Point
Reyes.
The bark Martha Davis was cleared yesterday
for Hllo with a general merchandise cargo
valued at $29,298. The following were the
principal shipments: 725 bbls flour, 1310 ctl3
barley, 279 ctls wheat, 20S.352 lbs rolled bar
ley 41.453 lbs bran, .'{0,024 lbs middlings, 450
bal'es hay, 8701 lbs corn, 13.35S lbs beans,
421,785 lbs fertilizer, 4383 lbs bread, 1196 lba
butter. 6950 lbs lard. 10.S lbs cheese, 117 cs
canned goods, J 00 ctls potatoes, 528 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 2441 gals wine, : 5 cs
whisky, 30 pkgs fresh fruit, 142 cs powder, ,4
ce caps and fuse. 200 bbls lime, 20. pkgs dry
goods, 2 pkgs leather, 253 bdls steel and iron,
U0 pkgs oils. 10 pkgs hardware.
60 bbls flour, 78,990 lbs sugar, 241,695 lbs
bran. 69.146 lbs rolled barley, 39,508 lbs mid
dlings, 8209 ctls barley, 113 ctls wheat. 63.211
lbs com, 17,772 lbs oats, 871 bales hay, 55,000 lbs
fertilizer, 311 cs ; canned meats, 50 cs canned
asparagus, 25 bbis salmon,' 198 pkgs groceries
and previsions. 7S23 ft lumber, 240. bdls sheet
iron, 38 pkgs hardware, 39 bdls pipe, 5 pkgs
machinery. 15 bales dry goods, 125 cars, J 1851
lbs soda. 31 pkgs trtoves and fixtures, 104 pkgs
paints and oils. 21 cs ammunition, 14 cs lamp
goods. 2O bdls crockery and glassware, 30 pkgs
eewlng machines. 31 pkgs furniture. • • .
Exports to the Hawaiian Islands.
The ship George Curtis was cleared yester
day for Honolulu with an assorted merchan
dise cargo valued at $29,454, and including the
following:
The British bark Ivanhoe Is chartered for
lumber from Puget Sound to Valparaiso for
orders at 40s (Plsagua range).
The bark Mary L. Cushlng goes to Gamble
to load lumber for X^ape Town at C2s 6d.
The British steamer Arab loads lumber at
Blakeley for Shanghai at 33s.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
Captains W. Crofton. F. L> Wells, J C. Mc-
Arthur C. A. Hedekln, G. U Painter. Lieuten
ants P McC Smith, James Con way, Louis
KoeVer J P Wade. Captain R. K. iVllllams,
l£uten£nt 8 H. L. Hunsaker, E. R Coppock.
Captain W. H. Winterbere. Dr. T. J fctrong.
¦« aptAln E P. Lawton. wire and four children ;
< aptaln a'. H. Uaffln. Captain L. M. L*n«. C.
K Burkhardt. Matthew V. Mulcaliy, Captains
cf Marine Corns H. M. Bannon, O. C. Reid, H.
U Bearee, Mrs. Q. U Bynam. Miss Breed. Mm.
Georse McCue, Mrs. W. L. Flnlay. Mrs. Mea
cham T H. Mead, Mrs. B, E. U Tremaine.
J H.' Swan, Captain C. Thompson and wire,
ails» M. J. Abbott. Mrs. R. D. Epps and child.
Mrs. F. J. Perrtne.
THE army transport Kilpatrick ar
rived yesterday from Manila with
59 cabin passengers, which Includ
ed army and navy officers, army
officers' wives and a few civi
lians- 110 members of the Third Cav
alry 153 United States Marines, 636 casu
als, 25 hospital corps men, 21 discharged
soldiers, 4 men on furlough and 27 clvil
* The Kilpatrick was 30 days from Manila
end 22 days from Nagasaki. She encoun
tered fair weather across the Pacific and
reached port with a clean bill of health.
Bo manifest was the satisfactory natura
Of her sanitary conditions that the quar
antine authorities got through with her
in just one hour, the quickest examina
tion on record at this post for an army
tr Amo^| t 'the passengers was Captain R.
E. Williams, an army surgeon who ren
dered distinguished service at Balangiga.
Mrs. Meacham. mother of the gte Major
Meacham, was on board the KllpatrlcK.
Major MekchanVs body was brought home
on the Warren. „
The next transports due are the Han
cock and Sherman, either or both of
which may show up to-day.
The Kilpatrick passengers were/.
Acapulco for this port four days behind her
schedule. The delay was caused by the large
amount of freight handled at other ports of
calL '¦'¦'.- : -
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
4
Steamer.
Destination
I Sails.
Pier.
r
Jane SO.
Brooklyn... Point Arena 5 pm Pier 2
Hathor . Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Jane 21.
Acme Siuslaw River — pm Pier 2
Lakme Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier —
Iaqua Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2S
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 11
Gaelic China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Jnne 22.
North Fork Humboldt » am Pier 2
Phoenix Mendoclno City .... 1 pm Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jnne 23.
Eureka.... Humboldt ....12 m Pier 13
San Pedro. Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Jane 24.
Areo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata. Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m Pier IS
Albion Rvr Pt. Arena & Albion. « pm Pier 13
Tampico... Puget Sound Ports Pier —
Jane 25.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay. • Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Jnne 26.
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jnne 27.
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Jnne 28.
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
H. Maru... China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
San Juan... Panama & Way Pts]12 m|PMS3
Jnne 20. I
Alliance.... Portland & Way Pts] 5 pm Pier 16
June ISO.
Arequipa... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 10
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Farallon Bkagway & Way Ports. June 20
Al-Kl Skaeway & "Way Ports. June 20
Humboldt.... Skagway & "Way Ports. June 23
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & "Way Pts. June 25
Citv Seattle. . Skagway & "Way Ports. June 28
Spokane Skagway &. "Way Ports. June 28
Senator Nome July 1
Oregon ..Nome .... July 1
Cottage City. Skagway & "Way Ports. July 2
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... July 3
Steamer.
From.
iue.
Sar. Pedro . . . Grays Harbor June 20
Arctic Humboldt June *0
Eureka Seattle June 20
S Barbara... Seattle June 20
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro '& Way Ports June 20
Hyades Honolulu June 20
Santa Monica Huroboldt . , . . t.; June 20
Olympic San Pedro — .....June 20
Mandalay.... CoqulHe River .......... June 20
Phoenix Mendoclno ........... June 20
Tellus Oyster - Harbor. . . June 21
Albion River. Albion & Pt. Arena..... June 21
Aztec........ Nanalmo June 21
Eureka Humboldt ....June 21
City Puebla.. Puget Bound Ports-...;-. June 21
Tampico Kahulul June 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 22
San Juan... . Panama & Way Ports.. June 22
Chehalis San Pedro * June 23
State of Cal. . Ban Diego & Way Ports. June 2-»
Sonoma. Sydney & Way Ports .. June 23
Argo... Eel River Ports..:.:.... June 23
Poraona Humboldt '.... June 24
Titanla Nanalmo June 24
Corona Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder,. Portland & Astoria .:.. June 24
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way" Ports June 2rt
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... June 26
Santa Rosa. . San Diego .& Way Ports June 28
Point Arena... Point Arena ' June 2tt
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 20
Nevadan New York- ............ June 27
Curacao , Mexican Ports June 27
Rainier Whatcom .'.... June 27
China China & Japan June 23
North Fork.... Humboldt .' June 28
Chaa. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma June- 29
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. June 29
Pentaur Seattle June 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria. .... June 29
O Time Time Time Time I
f Ft. Ft- Ft. j Ft.
• ' I* "W | H W L "W HW
20 5:12 —0.3 12:29 4.4 4:10 2.8 10:471 5.3
21 5:49—0.3 1:10 4.4 5:15 2.S)ill:15 5.1
22 6:20—0.2 1:49 4.4 6:00 2.9 11:50 4.S)
23 6:53 0.0 2:26 4.5 C:4fi 3.0 . .,
H W L. W H W L. "W
24 0:25 4.7 7:29 0.2 2:30 4.6 7:37 3.t
25 1:04 4.4 S:04 0.5 3:33 4.7 8:.'!« 3.2
26 1:55 4.2 8:44 0.9 4:06 4.9 9:131 2.U
Steamer.
Destination
I Sails.
Pier.
r
Jane SO.
Brooklyn... Point Arena 5 pm Pier 2
Hathor . Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Jane 21.
Acme Siuslaw River — pm Pier 2
Lakme Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier —
Iaqua Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2S
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 11
Gaelic China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Jnne 22.
North Fork Humboldt » am Pier 2
Phoenix Mendoclno City .... 1 pm Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jnne 23.
Eureka.... Humboldt ....12 m Pier 13
San Pedro. Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Jane 24.
Areo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata. Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m Pier IS
Albion Rvr Pt. Arena & Albion. « pm Pier 13
Tampico... Puget Sound Ports Pier —
Jane 25.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay. • Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Jnne 26.
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jnne 27.
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Jnne 28.
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
H. Maru... China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
San Juan... Panama & Way Pts]12 m|PMS3
Jnne 20. I
Alliance.... Portland & Way Pts] 5 pm Pier 16
June ISO.
Arequipa... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 10
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Farallon Bkagway & Way Ports. June 20
Al-Kl Skaeway & "Way Ports. June 20
Humboldt.... Skagway & "Way Ports. June 23
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & "Way Pts. June 25
Citv Seattle. . Skagway & "Way Ports. June 28
Spokane Skagway &. "Way Ports. June 28
Senator Nome July 1
Oregon ..Nome .... July 1
Cottage City. Skagway & "Way Ports. July 2
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... July 3
O Time Time Time Time I
f Ft. Ft- Ft. j Ft.
• ' I* "W | H W L "W HW
20 5:12 —0.3 12:29 4.4 4:10 2.8 10:471 5.3
21 5:49—0.3 1:10 4.4 5:15 2.S)ill:15 5.1
22 6:20—0.2 1:49 4.4 6:00 2.9 11:50 4.S)
23 6:53 0.0 2:26 4.5 C:4fi 3.0 . .,
H W L. W H W L. "W
24 0:25 4.7 7:29 0.2 2:30 4.6 7:37 3.t
25 1:04 4.4 S:04 0.5 3:33 4.7 8:.'!« 3.2
26 1:55 4.2 8:44 0.9 4:06 4.9 9:131 2.U
Steamer.
From.
iue.
Sar. Pedro . . . Grays Harbor June 20
Arctic Humboldt June *0
Eureka Seattle June 20
S Barbara... Seattle June 20
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro '& Way Ports June 20
Hyades Honolulu June 20
Santa Monica Huroboldt . , . . t.; June 20
Olympic San Pedro — .....June 20
Mandalay.... CoqulHe River .......... June 20
Phoenix Mendoclno ........... June 20
Tellus Oyster - Harbor. . . June 21
Albion River. Albion & Pt. Arena..... June 21
Aztec........ Nanalmo June 21
Eureka Humboldt ....June 21
City Puebla.. Puget Bound Ports-...;-. June 21
Tampico Kahulul June 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 22
San Juan... . Panama & Way Ports.. June 22
Chehalis San Pedro * June 23
State of Cal. . Ban Diego & Way Ports. June 2-»
Sonoma. Sydney & Way Ports .. June 23
Argo... Eel River Ports..:.:.... June 23
Poraona Humboldt '.... June 24
Titanla Nanalmo June 24
Corona Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder,. Portland & Astoria .:.. June 24
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way" Ports June 2rt
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... June 26
Santa Rosa. . San Diego .& Way Ports June 28
Point Arena... Point Arena ' June 2tt
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 20
Nevadan New York- ............ June 27
Curacao , Mexican Ports June 27
Rainier Whatcom .'.... June 27
China China & Japan June 23
North Fork.... Humboldt .' June 28
Chaa. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma June- 29
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. June 29
Pentaur Seattle June 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria. .... June 29
ADVERTISE3SIENTS.
{Good enough
•• FLORODORA " BANDS en
of same value as tags frett
"STAR," "HORSESHOE."
"SPEARHEAD."'" STANDARD NA V7V'
•• OLD PEACH & HONEY," ..'
•• SA WLOC" " OLE VARG1NY"
; or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
:6 ¦ ___ A
¦¦«¦¦«¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦^^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBBWBBBBBB^^
H ~ . . _ ; : : . — : ; ; ¦ ; — r - - •¦ : — — ; — - : OB
¦ • ' ' ' -¦•• ¦ ' " ¦ "" . ... ¦-¦.. ... . • ¦ '¦" ' . B
¦ • .', -.. ..... ¦ ' • ?
B • ' B
f • ¦ ¦ § H
n !!¦ . . ; '•¦.'•¦. ' • s ¦.-."• . .¦¦..'¦'¦.: '¦¦ ' ¦ ' ' S a
I J I generally had a headache every day. I thought 1 would try glasses, but still I had J I
| I not try Ripans Tabules, I have | |
\ i been taking them ¦.since last September and am gaining in health: 1 only weighed 110 j |
! I pounds, and now I weigh 140. I take four Tabules every day of my life-one in the morn- | I
f I ing, two at noon, and one every night before 1 go to bed. '- 1 |
| | At Druggists'. The Five-Cent packet is enough for an ordinary oecasion. | |
pj, ' •" ' ;¦¦•'• " ..-,.-•: ¦¦'¦.¦ \n-: . • ¦'-'•': :¦':{ \.\ .v....:; 1 '^' ¦¦¦¦ •'-"¦¦ -'¦•¦'¦: ¦• ' - " : •¦• ¦•-:¦-.'¦*- .' -J -• .;.-¦¦-¦ ' . \won, Bon Mot second. Trump third. Time,
'Fifth * race. Belling, six furlongs — Maiden
won. Route second, Oclowa third. Time,
1:15 3-5.
Sixth race, two-year-olds, five furlongs — Tos
can won,' Alsono second. Athelroy t£lrd. Time,
1:07 3-5. . . . -.
• Seventh race, one mile and a sixteenth, on
turf — The Rival won. Carbuncle second. Em
shee third. Time. 1:47 4-5.
CHICAGO. June 19. — Harlem summary:
- First race, seven and a half furlongs — Hora
tlus won. . Gallant Smith second. John C. Kins:
third. Time. 1:08 2-5.
Second race, seven furlonts — Luke Ward
won. Gonfalon second, Henry Zitt third. Time,
1:28 3-5.
Third race, one mile and a quarter, selling —
Trentham won. Satin Coat second, Cherished
third. Time, 2:07 3-5.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, the
Austin stakes — Hermencia won, Ethel "Wheat
second. Louisville third. Time, 1:46 2-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Kind's Lady won,
Mirance second, Topsoil third. Time, 1:01 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Jiminez won, Egyptian
Prince second. Nitrate third. Time, 1:41.
Seventh race, one mile and fifty yards — Blen
nen won, Marque second, Thurles third. Time,
1:44.
ST. LOUIS, June 19. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, four and a half furlongs^ — Maver
ick won. Jack Young: second, Jean Gravier
third. Time, :55«i.
Second race, six furlongs,- selling — Slnfl won.
Sweet Dream second, Louis Wagner third.
Time, 1:15. . " '• -
Third race, one mile and an. eighth, selling —
Winepress - won, Ermack second, Audlphone
third. Time, 1:55.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, purse
— Varro .won. South Breeze second. Lingo third.
Time. 1:48. - '
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Miss Golightly
won, Lof ter second. Found third. Time, 1 :41.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Reducer
won,' Loone second, Jake Weber third. Time,
1:28. ¦.- ¦ ¦ -• ¦• ¦¦¦ ¦ .
BUFFALO, N. T., June 19.— Fort Erie re
sults:
First race, six furlongs — Hleeway won, Af
ghan second. Flaneur third. . Time. 1 :15.
Second - race, four ¦ furlongs— Blanco won.
Steel second, Reservation third." Time, :50.
; Third race, one mile — Wlrne won. Needleman
second, Orontas third. Time.. 1:40)6 .
DBS MOIXES. Iowa. June 19.— Ths Stat»
Register announces the sale of the property to
Georjt* B. Roberts. United States Director of
the Mint. Tho price paid is $123,000.
Manager Alex Greggins of San Fran
cisco Athletic Club is looking for an am
bitious heavyweight amateur boxer to
match -with Joe Millett. The next exhibi
tion of the club will be held July 2, for
which matches will be made to-night.
Seek a Match, for Joe Millett.
The sale of McKlnney is a distinct loss
to the California trotting turf as he is the
mest successful sire of the present time.
His sons and daughters have shown
themselves possessed of extreme speed
and have been conspicuous winners on
the tracks of this State.
$25,000 Is Paid for the Most Fash
ionable Sire of the Day on the
Trotting Turf.
INDIANAPOLIS, June 13.— Henry B.
Gentry of Bloomington has closed a
deal for the purchase of McKlnney.
noted sire of light harness horses, for
$25,000, from Charles A. Durfee of San
Jose, Cal.
Durfee wired he would sell for $23,000.
He would give but one week's option.
The deal was closed at once. The horse
will be shipped East on Augnst 1st and
will be quartered at Mr. Gentry's farm
at Bloomington.
McKlnney is fourteen years old and has
a race record of 2:11&. He is by Alcyone
(2:27), dam Rosa Sprague. t
McXINUEY- IS SOLD
TO INDIANA HORSEMAN
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs— -T. O.
Good won, Stand Fat second, llida third.
Time. :55.
. Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Zonne
won, Maple second. Obstinate Simon third.
Time. 1:47%.
Sixth race, six furlonga — Lithium won. Frivol
second. Competitor third. Time, 1:14*4. •
French Troops Defeat Tribesmen.
PARIS, June 19.— The Patria to-day
printed mail advices .from the Lake
Tschad district of Africa which announces
that a French colunm commanded by
Colonel Destinave inflicted a crushing de
feat on the Touaregs and Senoussi tribes
men January 20. The French Soudanese
troops carried the tribesmen's position at
Ber Alalli by assault and the enemy left
1390 dead in the trenches and abandoned
their families and 900 repeating rifles.
promoters of the enterprise are not lack
ing in that wisaom without which men
v/ho direct vast financial projects cannot
succeed.
The International Banking Corporation
will do a general - banking business \ h.'ch
includes the acceptance of deposits, tho
issuance of letters of .credit,' buying and
selling of exchange, etc. With its strong
financial backing it is bound to at once
leap into favor with the business commu
nity, and under the management of Col
onel Beck, whose conservatism and fine
judgment place' him among the first rank
of financiers, its success is assured. It
is believed the bank will open business
within the next thirty days.
The question raised by the Archbishop
in regard to a home for girls was taken
up with great enthusiasm, and soon this
will be a part of the work being done by
the society. The following committee was
appointed to confer with the Archbishop:
Past President Mrs. Margaret Dean of
San Francisco; Miss Mary Carr of Oak
land; Mrs. P. J. White. Mrs. D. J. Sulli
van, Mrs. M. F. Smith. Mrs. P. Moore,
Mrs. Malloy and Mrs. H. J. Gallagher of
San Francisco.
Miss Carr, president Catholic Aid Society:
The Catholic Ladles' Aid Society will cele
brate this year the fifteenth anniversary of Its
organization, and it is a great pleasure for
roe, while sending my congratulations to its
members, to testily to the effective work which
has been done by It. The society has accom
plished an immense amount of good, especially
in the city of San Francisco. Thousands have
been helped through its ministrations, and bless
those who have been instruments of its char
ity.
I take this method of submitting the advis
ability of opening as Boon as possible a home
for large girls in San Francisco. The need of
such a home Is most urgent. Catholic girls
from the interior of the State are constantly
coming to this large city seeking employment.
Unless they find the shelter and protection of
a virtuous home they are necessarily exposed
to the manifold temptations of city life. Here,
It seems to me, is a noble work for Catholic
woiren. I am convinced, if the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society undertakes It, it will succeed. I
beg to thank you for all the good your society
has accomplished in the past and invoke on it
God's choicest blessing for the future.
P. W. RIORDAN,
Archbishop of San Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ, June 19.— After a three
days', session the ladies of the Catholic
Aid Society . finished their work to-day.
The officers elcted this afternoon were:'
Grand president, Miss Mary Carr of Oak
land; grand senior vice president, Miss
Marcella Fitzgerald of Gllroy; grand
junior vice president, Mrs. E. J. Thoriias
o£ San Rafael; grand secretary and treas
urer, Mrs, Mary Conlin of San Francisco.
There were no opposition candidates, but
about twenty-live ladies were in the field
tor grand directorships. The following'
eleven were elected: Miss Mary Carr and
Miss E. McLaren of Oakland; Miss A.
O. Dwyer, Mrs. T. Peckham, Mrs. H. J.
Gallagher, Mrs. O. S. Carvill, Mrs. P.
Smith and Mrs. P. J. Moore of San Fran
cisco; Mrs. William Toner of San Rafael;
Mrs. J. G. Conney of Santa Cruz.
The newly elected officers were Installed
this evening by Miss Maria Flynn of Oak
land. It was voted that the office of
grand deputy and grand president be com
bined, and that the grand president ap
point the district deputies. A number of
minor changes were made in the ritual.
The ladies propose to establish ! a home
for gins in San Francisco. The grand
president, in her report, read the follow
ing from a letter from Archbishop Rior
dan in relation to the project:
ST. JIAEY'S CATHEDRAL,.
Ecedal Dispatch to The Call.
Archbishop Riordan Praises
Labors of the Or-
Catholic Aid Society
Plans a New Line
of Work.
LADIES PROPOSE
TO GUARD GIRLS
Continued From Page Three.
CLEVELAND DEMANDS HARMONY
BERLIN, June 19.— The Anglo-American
polo team, composed of W. A. Hazard,
captain; Lord Harrington, H. S. Robson
and R. J. Collier, played a brilliant game
of polo at Hamburg yesterday. They de
feated the Hamburg team by 9 goals to 1.
Anglo-American Poloists Win.
R. 8. Siever's bay filly Sceptre won the
St. James Palace stakes. Flying Lemur
was second and Rising Glass third.
The Gold cup (value £1000, with £3000
in specie in addition, about two miles)
was won by the Duke of Portland's Wil
liam the Third. Osboch was second and
Santoi was third.
Among those present were Whitelaw
Reid, the special Embassador of the
United States to the coronation of King
Edward, and Mrs. Reid; Embassador
Choate and Mrs. and Miss Choate; Henry
White, the secretary of the United States
embassy, and Mrs. and Miss White; John
R. Carter, the second secretary of tho
embassy, and Mrs. Carter; William Cor
coran Eustls, formerly.third secretary of
the embassy; Commander Richardson
Clover, the United States naval attache,
and Mrs. Clover, and Mrs. Montgomery
Sears. .
The all-aged stakes was won by a
French horse, Relne des Fleurs, ridden by
J. Relff. the American jockey.
The array of coaches and motor cars
was unusually great, and the club tents
and the royal and other inclosures were
filled with ladies in dainty summer cos
tumes, Oriental Princes in varicolored
raiment and distinguished visitors from
all parts of the. world.
¦LONDON, June 19.— Gold cup day, the
most important from a social viewpoint
of the whole Ascot week, attracted an
immense concourse of spectators to-day
to the Heath.
The royal procession, which teas identi
cal with Tuesday's, arrived on the ground
at about 1 o'clock in the afternoon. Queen
Alexandra, the Prince and ., Princess of
Wales, the Duke and Duchess of Con
naught and other members of the royal
family and the Windsor guests entered
royal carriages, which, attended by a
mounted . cavalcade, drove up the course
to the royal pavilion, 1 greeted on all sides
with salvos of cheers from the- brilliant
gathering of people. '
"'Heno is fit as a fiddle. I won't throw
a saddle over him until Saturday for
anybody."
. . The Kast furnishes the three betting
choices in Heno, Pentecost and Arsenal.
It is only on the theory that Western
colts may be in better condition as a re
sult of avoiding the trip across the coun
try that Westerners figure a chance for
a colt from this section to win.. Such a
theory has back of it the history of other
Derbies in which no Eastern colt has ever
been successful, with the exception of
Strathmore in 1891. which was on the
ground weeks before the Derby was run.
The horses likely to start, with their
•weights and jockeys, -follow:
Meanwhile preparations for the great
est of Western races *are nearing com
pletion. The probabilities are lor a fair
day and a perfect track. James Howard,
secretary of Washington Park, expects
the attendance to number 50,000 people—
10,000 more than witnessed the victory of
Robert Waddell last year. Heno, the fa
vorite, did a three-mile canter this morn
ing, after which Trainer Hill said:
McChesney's injuries are far from se
vere, but, after "sleeping on it" Mr. Hil
dreth concluded that the horse could not
do himself justice in Saturday'3 classic.
The disappointment of^ both Hildreth
and Baldwin was keen at having to with
draw from the Derby.
• Cruzados was cut to the bone in his
right hind hock. He will be started in
the Sheridan stakes; to , be run July 4.
In reference to reports . that Cruzados
"quit," Baldwin declared to-day that he
would match his horse for $20,000 against
any horse in the world at a mile.
CHICAGO, June 19.— Baldwin's Cruzados
and Hlldreth's McChesney, injured in the
"Derby trial special" at Harlem yester
day and carrying a lot of money in the
winter books, will not start in tho Derby
at Washington Park.
Baldwin's Colt Badly Cut
Down in the Trial
Race.
Gold Cup Day Attracts
an Immense Crowd
to the Races.
ROYALTY GRACES
ASCOT HEATH
CRUZADOS OUT
OF THE DERBY
San Francisco society lady
poses as Queen Alexandra!
This is the most remarkabl?.
picture of all this series of
costume poses, for the fair
poser of this photograph was
presented to Queen Alexandra
not long ago, and the resem
blance to her Majesty attracted
marked attention. This is but
one of the many elaborate
features that will make the
Coronation Number of The
Call the greatest special edi
tion of the year. Published
next Sunday.
Hill was followed by Governor Mon
tague of Virginia, and Colonel William
A. Gaston of Boston. The speech-making
was 'closed .by Former Mayor Thomas
Taggart of Indianapolis, whose address
was necessarily short. .
The Democracy of this : State : welcomes the
distinguished citizen of New Jersey,. the only
living ex-President of the United States— who
testified by his presence here to-night and by
his remarks, to which we have so Intently lis
tened, his Interest in the success of Democratic
principles. We 'should have been glad to wel
come that other distinguished Democrat who
halls from the sreat West — our standard-bearer
in the last two Presidential campaigns — that
able and eloquent Democrat. William J. Bryan
of Nebraska, had he been. able to be present on
this occasion;. ." •'¦ ,¦ -¦'•;'••¦..;¦
Hill concluded his speech with a wel
come to . Democrats from other States
saying: :>% ,•
With this substantial unity, which exists
upon these and' other fundamental principles
of Democratic faith to which I' need not refer,
we may safely appeal to the people, and In
view, of that satisfactory situation it would be
folly to longer divide upon abstract or unrea
sonable questions. , .'*,.;¦."
honest friendship with all nations; entangling:
alliances with none." j
H ENRY ADAMS' LECTURE.— Henry Austin
Adams lectured laet r.ifffct at Metropolitan
Xemr>le on ""The Middle Ages."
Plumbers to Meet Here.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., June 13.— The
Master Plumbers' Association of the
United States to-day decided to hold its
convention, next year in San Francisco.
CINCINNATI, June 19. — This was the dos
ing day of the spring meeting of the Latonla
Jockey Club" and a large crowd was In attend
ance. Summary:
' First race, six furlong — Orla won, Pompino
second, Staff third. TimeM:14^.
Second race, one mile — Nugget won, Jessie
Jarboe second, Aker third." Time, 1:41%.
Third race, handicap, six furlongs — Jack
Rattlin won. Traverse second. Our Jessie third.
Time, 1:14^.
Fourth race, the Cincinnati Hotel handicap,
one mile and an eighth, value to the winner
$1510 — St. Hera won, Adelante second, Alfred
Vargrave third. '. Time, ' 1:53%. ¦
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs—
Maghoon won. Bridal March second, Derwood
third. - Time, 1:00%. :
Sixth race, six furlongs— Sir Christopher won,
dales second, Optimo thin*. Time, 1:15.
NEW YORK, June 19. — Sheepshead Bay
summary:.
First race, six furlongs, selling — Graden won,
Femesole second, Military third. Time,
1:14 2-5.
. Second race, two-year-old maidens, five fur
longs — Gold Money won. Birch Broom second.
Lady Josephine third. Time, 1:02.
Third - race, handicap, one mile and a fur
long — Herbert won, Monarka second, . Sadie S
third. Time. 1:55 3-5.
Fourth race/ the Swift stakes for three-year
olds," seven- furlonxs. straightaway— HataaoQ
St. Hera Wins the Principal Race,
the Cincinnati Hotel Handicap,
£>0$ From Adelante.
IAT0NIA JOCKEY CLTJB
SPRING MEETING ENDS
Get Hine Hits Off Sodsozx in the
Sixth. Inning.
SACRAMENTO. June 19.— The Senators
fieveloped a terrific batting streak to-day.
In the sixth Inning they landed on Hod
con for nine hits, Including: two doubles,
that netted eight runs. During this bat
ting rally Unglaub rapped out a three
bagger, but In his haste failed to touch
the second bag and was only credited
¦with a single. Cutter after the first two
innings was steady and pitched good ball.
The attendance was light but enthusi
astic. The heat was terrific. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Itoyle. I. t 0 2 2 8 4 10
Tl'llscn. c. f. 6 12 0 4 0 1
Kaf&n lb 6 18 0 4 10
Vnglaub, bs « 1 2 0 8 1 1
Eheehas. 2b 6 2 2 0 8 3 0
Hulen, 2o. 0 1 2 0 1 1 0
Graham, c 8 2 8 0 8 2 1
Wagner, r. fc 6 8 3 3 2 2 0
Cutter. J>. * 3 2 1 3 0 0
Total* 50 16 21 7 27 11 3
OAKLAXD._
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mofcler. 2b 2 1110 2 1
Lohman. C. 6 0 10 7 0 0
Btrelb. lb 4 10 19 0 0
MeCreedle. r. 1 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
I>vereaux, ei 4 0 1 0 6 3 2
Dunleavy. 3b 4 0 1 1 1 2 1
Gorton, c. I 4 12 0 2 10
Cristall, 1. f 3 2 1110 1
Hodson. p 4221010
Total* 34 7 11 5 «26 ~9 ~8
•Unglaub out, running over second base.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 10 0 1 8 4 2 0 — IS
Base Hits 0 2 2 0 3 8 4 1 0—21
Oakland 2 3 0 0 0 O 0 0 2 — 7
Base Hits 2 3 1110 11 1—11
SUMMARY.
Three-base hits — Hulen, Graham. Two-base
hits— Mchler, Eagan 2. Cutter. Graham. First
base on errors — Sacramento 3. Oakland 1. First
fcase on called balls — Off Cutter 6, off Hodson
1. Left on bases — Sacramento 8. Oakland 6.
Struck out — By Cutter 2, by Hodson 0. Double
play- — Wairner to Graham: Gorton to Dever
eaui; V.'am'r to Eagan. Time of game, 2:"5.
Umpire — iicOonald. Scorer — Rutherford.
SKN T AT0ES SAT HABD.
A BANKING concern of vast im
portance to the financial interests
of San Francisco will shortly be
established in this city by prom-
inent financiers of New York.
Colonel Francis E. Beck, assistant cash
ier of the Anglo-Callfornian Bank, will be
manager of the new concern.
The institution, which has already es
tablished business in London, Ma
nila and Shanghai, with head offices in
New York, is known as the In
ternational Banking Corporation and
has a paid up capital of $10,,
000,000. Many of the shareholders are
financiers of prominence and include H.
E. Huntington, George Crocker, E. H.
Harriman and others. Valentine P. Sny
der is acting president and the directors
are the following:
Thomas H. Hubbard. chairman: James W.
Alexander. Jules S. Bache, Juan M. Ceballos.
Edward F. Cragin, George Crocker. Eugene
Delano, Henry C. Frick, Edwin Gould, Isaac
Guggenheim, Edward H. Harrlman, Hlppolyte
Hardy, Abram S. Hewitt. John Hubbard. H.
E. Huntington. James H. Hyde, John B. Jack
son. Luther Kountze, John J. McCook, H. P.
Mclntooh, William H. Mclntyre. Henry S.
Manning, Allan W. Paige, Howard S. Rodgera.
William Salomon, Robert A. C. Smith, Valen
tine P. Snyder. Alfred G. Vanderbllt.
A location for the new bank in this city
has been secured and arrangements for
beginning business within- the near future
are nearly perfected. The opening of the
door to trade in China and the Orient,
and the superb situation of San Francisco
in view of the developments of the past
three years, which made this city the
entrepot of trade with Asia, combined
to interest capital in this gigantic enter
prise, the result being the selecvon of San
Francisco for the establishment of a
branch bank. The selection of a well
known local banking official to manage
the affairs of the bank indicates that the
Colonel Francis E. Beck
Selected as Its
Manager.
The Ponies again handed Mr. James
Morley the bitter package of defeat yes
terday. It was all the more bitter, con
sidering that the ponderous Rube Wad
dell was swinging his southern mitt
ugaJnEt the locals. An extra round of
scrapping had to be added before the urn- i
pire had a chance to call the turn. The !
Ponies were there with the tally which :
was the most precious and most needed
by both teams.
The game was a trifle slow; but abound
ed In plenty of good ball and scrappy
playing was indulged in by all the play
ers. The Angels, as usual, Jumped into
the lead at first, but this the Ponies man
aged to tie twice and finally overcome.
Anderson's unfortunate error of a throw-
In fiom right field in the last half of the
tenth spasm ended what might have been
another 'steen-inning affair.
Karry Kane, who is sometimes good,
often bad and frequently worse, had the j
ht>i;or of outpitching the tar-famed j
tjeorge Edward Waddell. Kane gave the i
best exhibition of skill he has yet shown ,
eince his arrival. He allowed but five j
eafe swats iu ten rounds, walked three to' ,
first and was so really puzzling that !
fctven Angels found him not on the third <
btrlke. i
Waddell had "plenty to offer, but the |
Pcnies managed to land on him hard at ;
tiires, especially when men were on bases.
His control was good and his curves bet
ter. Ten of the undersized chaps who
work for Harris' glory punched three
times ¦without result.
The Angels got two for a starter in the
third on a single, an error, a passed ball
and a double steal by Toman and Lawler.
Three consecutive hits, the last a two
bagger by Leahy, tied up the result in
the sixth. Nordyke's double and Par
rovt's pretty single put the Ponies one to
the good in the eighth.
It looked all over when Rub© had two
strikes in the ninth, but the giant shooter
again placed the result in doubt with a
Ciean drive over the boards at center.
Ncrdyke opened the tenth for the Ponies
with a single past second, and Holly's out
put him up a notch. Parrott singled to
right and Lawler made a nice throw to
the plate, which Angerson neglected to
stop and Dyke tore in with the point j
which toldL „ ,
Jackson, formerly of the New Yorks,
made his bow in local society and played
a fe-ood game. He is an unusually fast
feider and hit the ball hard every time,
though he failed to get it in safe terri
tory. Kane's good stop and Shugart's
hard catch robbed him of two singles.
Lawler's bad judgment of Nordyke's fly
in the eighth cost the Angels a run and
probably the game. The score;.
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
N'onSyke. 1b 5 3 3 1 12 0 1
Holly, ss 3 1 1 O 2 B 0
Parrott, rf S O 2 0 O O 0
X^eahy, c 2 0 1 0 7 2 0
Shay. 3b 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Shugart, 2b 4 0 10 3 4 2
McHale, If 3 0 0 12 0 0
Delrnas. cf 4 0 2 0 10 0
Katie, p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 31 4 10 2 30 16 3
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. EB. PO. A. E.
Toman, es 2 1 0 3 0 4 0
Lawler. rf 4 0 1 1 0 1 0
Jackeon. If 5 0 0 13 0 0
Householder, cf .... 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
Rellly, 3b 4 0 10 2 2 0
Raymer, 2b 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Waddell. p 4 1 1 0 0 2 0
Anderson, a -4 0 2 O 11 2 1
Hanlon, Ib 4-1 0 1 13 1 O
Totals 35 ~4 8 6 »29 17 2
•Two out rrhen winning run was ecered.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles .0020000010—3
Base hits ..0021001010— 6
Eaa Francisco 000002010 1 — 4
Ease hits ..001008121 2—10
SUMMARY.
Home run — Waddell. Two-base hits — Leahy,
Kordyke. Shugart. Sacrifice hits — Lawler. Hol
ly 2, Raymer. Firet base on errors — San Fran
cisco 1. Los Acg-eles 2. First base on called
balls — Oft Kane 3, oft Waddell 2. Left on
bases — San Francisco 5, Los Angeles 6. Struck
cut — By Kane 7, by Waddell 10. Double plays
— Toman to Hanlon to Rellly, Anderson to
Hanlon. Passed balls — Leahy. Time of game
•—2 hours and 10 minutes. Umpire — O'ConnelL
Waddell Ties Up the Score
With a Home Run in
Ninth.
Angels Lose Another
Ten- Inning Fight to
the Ponies.
KANE OUTPOINTS
THE GREAT RUBE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1902.
New banking
concern will
LOCATE HERE
FINANCIER WHO WILL. MAN
AGE THE INTERNATIONAL
BANKING CORPORATION.
5
HORSE.
IZLi
Jockey.
I Bett>
Arsenal 122 O'Connor 4 to 1
Belle's Commoner 122 Knight 8 to 1
Heno 122 Bullman 2 to 1
Hermts. ....,«.. 122 ' McCue 10 to 1
Lord Quex. ...... 125 J. Woods 20 to 1
Luclen Appleby. . 122 Birkenruth ... 15 to 1
Otis 127 Singleton 12 to 1
Pentecost 122 F.edfern 4 to 1
Wyeth . . : 122 Lyne 10 to 1
Abe Frank. 125 Coburn 20 to 1
Aladdin... '• 122 Helgerson .... 20 to 1
Prowl 122 Davisson 25 to 1
South Trimble... 122 .... 30 to 1
HORSE.
IZLi
Jockey.
I Bett>
Arsenal 122 O'Connor 4 to 1
Belle's Commoner 122 Knight 8 to 1
Heno 122 Bullman 2 to 1
Hermts. ....,«.. 122 ' McCue 10 to 1
Lord Quex. ...... 125 J. Woods 20 to 1
Luclen Appleby. . 122 Birkenruth ... 15 to 1
Otis 127 Singleton 12 to 1
Pentecost 122 F.edfern 4 to 1
Wyeth . . : 122 Lyne 10 to 1
Abe Frank. 125 Coburn 20 to 1
Aladdin... '• 122 Helgerson .... 20 to 1
Prowl 122 Davisson 25 to 1
South Trimble... 122 .... 30 to 1
..THE EMPORIUM. ' :vV|i THE EMPORIUM. | ¦__\^El^^^E^Z ! 0^?^: ii"'
I . Last Bays Am^ uri - Pastime Union ftfSniEgS&i *
i 4w ofOlothlng.t^S^.- *y/T* f/ 0 ' -v^v l oslt "' Suits NWjI 3
& WS^fK &7'&Vm and printing / ft^LX/^Wc/fc/d^^^^Ls^ Bowlins$ub - Lad^s* Union Suits for W>^) *
*" /\ A VH^ 1 Until closing time """" Cffl - CALIFORNIA'S LARGrST. f, m m Jl '"" ~~ J Icts » >tc— Summer Wear— It
» V' ' ¦ ° \ Ir ' u choose frcm hun " N tive . jso ¦¦ j!ecves . ecrUj whIte> ' Mmm ¦ *
I L :^V ££¦«££¦£¦ Another Linen Wide Laces 7c. -. ,. ¦ fi - JfcUS W i
tt \ -'fix .111 ' viots > CIuimcrelan(1 - OvOI*GOliai* SatCm Those pretty Point de Paris and Nor- or short s!er»w; ecru Ma X
K- \ \LjP I W* serges; up - to - date ¦ • , " r, niandy Valenciennes Laces and In- or white; good fitting, ., jfjf X
I VK / //r $10, Ji.. S o and About one month ago we so.d sev- scrtions that havc b=en d ; j d in good looking good W J
I 1 , r r S 8Umm " 8tyl " " th ° usand c GraSS , L<ncn °" CrC °" a " the main aisle showcase for the past wcann * for fQ\ $
h W ¦, ¦ fof a« jgg% in one day. Smce then we have had • ., .* w X
it Ir V iS/*4u , i i r • • • r u j • » two days, go on sale this morning at - Wt* i
H 1 \ '• v *'~ v hundreds of inquiries for these dainty j — " " «
J 7 AISO Boys' neck dressings, and arc glad to b: able * "™° """ *- y " ' **&** M**C£* IR** *
K GlOthina, to announce to-day that <vve bave s:cur- «9«^S» rBU9€~ M%*%»m X
JC -",''2" ¦¦ ' , . , „ , ,. J~ 1a another ¦son doren for^ srjecial sale. »>^^^>'-V^^^S^ ;^' ? --^^^SS^^J i 3-^ i ' Lad'ei* Imported Lisle and Ma co Cotton Hose, M
J Beys' Colored Salhr Suits-Forages 3 to io cd another 300 dozen lor special . in red grVunds, wth extracted black or white X
}- year., all-wool sergrs and ch e v.ots, m red, K^^^P^^^fe^S dots, figures and verticlc stripe,; all of them «J
t rown royal blue and fancy mixtures col- r^^-^ j the "8^' 5°c quality, but the department J
fc° lars and ehicldj hindsomely braided and em- f i^ >^-»^^-') -^A^t'^nr^ZZ^^^ '.?%<**&' '--.ri-Tr *&>&*-*¦ tk •w^^«*w v, L . ~ j 1 ' , . .„„„,. »
?i . . ' 1 - j — i- .^=3»«a«riWB I'-^ua^--- —^^ nzia. says we nave too many rca nose, so out „»
* broidered, regular £6.50 value; >- — -, . ~- : .vIlV. they go to-day and Saturday; per '*€•-#» '5
J. Friday and Saturday on y . . 5& m B'3&+9 Thes: are not thi ordinary kind, tut the best They are ill new and fffectiv; patterns, in pa ; r M&G "^
J( Boys* Double-Breasted Suits — For ages 9 to quality grass linen, embroidered in sjlk, in widths from 1% to 4^ inches— the inser- * ****** _"_ . .jj
*. 15 years, all-wool cheviots and tweeds, in many colorings and exquisite designs; they dons from I to s inches wide — and the nar- jg
J neat mixtures', both light and dark effects, FJ are. worth 15c each, and this will be your rowest, cheapest 'piecs in the lot should sell tVtCtl )S PBSH*I rCtJOfS
tt reliab'e trimmings and wellmade; Friday last chance this season to buy them at half for i2>^c a yard, most of it worth much **** tmm» mj 4, g£* OT %
*| and Saturday only. . . . . -,— price, to-day, and Saturday ony, -_j more; Friday only, 300 dozen yards, _ &2£m&& FiUlS nfri mO * m
K . %p2tt&& each . . • » • •¦ .' . • • • . *^ 2 per yard # C A H g M j e f or Fri- . _, . _ *
% -, ¦¦' T- • CT - _ ~ day and Saturday •>»sw>^S^\ \
S #» ACS # «c# nn aiavoc Misses' and Children's SneciaS Sale Of o f the most P o P u- \ j&» '' i\_^ ' g
I Vacation Shoes. Unlaunierea Shirts -^-- |
tt find. They never fail to give satisfactory / |t\ toed comfortabe good-wearing JW^Mf muslin, reinforced L«- reduced for the two day, * *]1 X
g , wear; /t he fit and fini'h tre equal to those \¥'/ - sboeS for MlS8es and P back and front; 21=0 J!? $1m8T X
* cosung much more. We have them In all ly/V 1 " r**""t^r Children; Vici Kid Knen- bosoms, patent pro- 7 * ' t X
tt . of. the seasonable colorings and in white and 1^1^ IJV^/ a " d BoX Calf » boch iTirli ! )W teeter oa 'neck, band, cut v ~~ ' jj>
black, and every pair is fitted tnn tfltK \Mf\ of them lacc " *** j : .- (j Wj> full rw, wsn' made and QurtaiSI EiltlS 7 5 Cm X
?» V and guaranteed %&8mUU g Jfe? I and both have •' i *<& fit guaranteed; instead cf , ......... „, - , X
I — — \&\jr A heaVy eXtCn " On : 7 S cfFrida y and Saturday SOO.iampto of Irih Point and Br«sel,Xur- J
* - .. « . (^V«SL- -**H «<»ies and spring ! i lv ' ' S3 1 tains, that are worth from $10 to $i S * *
* Copyright BOOkS > < / hees. Even if the : tt ./„'*,." N Vu/u7*. pair, each samp'e I^ yards long, and will '
5? fit, r-*n*<tU* Atlthnm r* * T^ r^ children do not need L :J Men s Muslin N.ghtsh.rts— exce n e nt sash and vesobule curtains, %
% By FamiSUS AUthOrS >T^ .new.hoe.now, take V^^J-. with suk tnmmings on front. . worth „ j ea5t $1 . 2e many •-
at , On Sale at 2Oc, \*S . advantage of our w "mWs summer linderwfa?— ° f on >aIe Ffida y • • /oc jl
J The cheapest and besrsummer reading ever Friday and Saturday offering for the future. ht and""™; — O 5
offered in th»citjr. Ve W secured about ¦ $ 8 ; zes from %y z t0 „. . ..$1.23 p«pnnenf: . 50o ° Uathsan Hat** T *
at ,0,000 volumes or $1.25 and $i. S o Copy- - $ s g!zfS from , x^ to 2 . . . $1.38 Boys' Golf Shirts-Madra, or Percale, cuff* NaWnanMatO Tj
* right Cloth-Bound Books by famous^rhors, to match, each SOo ScCigBFS , . .5
I -atWrTsra 2Oc „ **.?* ?-*"% A ,^,"^r^s speMiaimwuh. {
I -.jsiz^ up m '& m ar r^J7^ n *° p >Stchi mide of^ Mico ""¦ tso - B1or2Sc - 0 s
% tionare: Paul Leicester Ford, Max Pern- « SalB PHCeSm • • ( ' 25G G • *
at berton, Gertrude Atherton, George W. For the first time in the history of the trade m OmmSSg^mm C*»#*» %
K Cable, Frank R. Stockton, S. R. Crockett, this highest grade of double coated enameled ** /^ i/ --*^«*« Q ~ O #
J^ E. P. Rowe, Frances H. Burnett, Mary E. ware b offered a special sale in a California j fOi* rt*JCi3J/m SatUt*itay Niffltt
at Wilkins, Anthony Hope, F. Marion Craw- store. It outlasts for years the single coated Another chance to buy the best Creamery But- Q -»#«»« 7 fg% VO'SO %
K fcrd, and many othen. - . kind, and present sale prices are much less. t er that is mads to pack away for future use »««««?»# * •*' ¦•#••»•#* y
|» ' For example:— at a ]ow pr ; ce . i n ,h e present state of the Men's Paul's— All-wool, warranted .J
at a „ CmmSmM^mm S oc Tea Stee P e "» enameled covers. . . 33C market it can only be a matter of a few days not to rip, good patterns, good cut; waists •»
at LlltUOrS mCiay* 75c Fry Pans, 13 inches . . ... . . 49 G before prices will be much higher. The 3> t0 4-*. lengths 30 to 35; worth £
V Old Mc3r*yer Whisky— Bottled at distillery, 70c 12-hole MufRi Pans, for 47o butter we offer for Friday's sale is the best $3°°; frsm 7 »° i°--Z° ~g #?Q "5
5" Friday full quarts .. ...... . 800 20c 9-inch Pie Plates ISO creamery; regular size squares O#***» Saturday night. . • . . J»»Oa •"*
*' Geneva OiS-The Red Cross imported; Fri- 8 S c 10-quart Preserve Kettles 6f C at ....!...... &&C Men'* Work Shifts - Black J
K day bottle ..'.... 82C & l -°° S-qiart Saucc Pans 73O and white stripes, good stout materials, x
I Sweet Wineslchoice Port, Sherry or Angel- $1.50 Covered Preserve Kettles (io-qt.J eg© IceGr^aiti OhoVOhitCS fuU cut i 7 to 10:30 Saturday night X
tt ica; regu'arly $1.50 gallon; Friday.^/.O5 $1.25 Covered Preservs Kettles (8-qt.) 79© T- «.„ Hnlv 25t* ' ' ' ' -J ' m ' o V* * V*T,° %
*: Bourbon Uh'sky-Hand-made souT mash; i S c D.uble Coated Saucers (6-in.) .. © O 7? "*."*»? r Men's ShOOS-Soft, comfortable, *
• Friday eallon $2.00 50c oblong Cake GnddJes 23O One of the most delicious and popular candies gtyhsh via kid shoes,' new broad toes, jg
if Bu-ke's 1 Porter or A'e— Dorcn . '*. $2.15 And many other articlce. We cannot promise that we make, fresh from our own factory on up-to-date in every particular, wasth X
*> Cherries In Mara!Chlno— Friday, bottle. 54 O del : very on day of purchase, so great has been premises; 5 different flavors; quality unsur- J3.00 a pair; from io to 10:30 Saturday X
!? Anricot Brandy— After-dinner cordial, bottle the rush during this sale. It may be a day passed; on special »le to-day (Fri- 9 g* night $2,22 «
J. .........-•• .~$1.OO or two. day) only; pound Q , O X
.. '¦'. ... San Franciapo, Friday, 20 June, 1902.
Hardwood bureau, $11.50.
Built of ash, finished golden brown. Measures 68
inches high to top of mirror and 41 inches wide. Con-
\ tains oval French bevel mirror 19x24 inches and four
J drawers. The picture shows the design correctly with
the exception that there are two large and two small *
drawers instead of three large ones. You'll not be dis-
appointed in this bureau at the price— $11.50. Sixth floor.
Lace panels for vestibule doors — the new Arabian
motifs on heavy net They are real copies from costly
hand-made laces, a/id can be made to fit almost any
ordinary door-window or transom. 90 cents each. Others
at $1.25, $1.50, $1.75 and $2.00. Third floor.
Small rugs for the fireplace or sleeping chamber.
Axminsters and Wiltons in catchy coloring effects. An
' Axminster 27 By 54 inches for $275; 30 by 60 inches,
$5.00. A Wilton 27 by 54 inches for $4.00; 36 by 63
inches, $6.00. Second floor.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, O pp. Golden Gate Avenue.
n You may not wish to buy an expensive Panama, yet desire to
I w«ar some neat straw hat during the summer season. For the purpose
I we can recommend these French Palm Hats. The braid in them is
I similar to that in the Panama and the shape is the same— a stylish
jj Fedora. The above pictures show two views of the hat. You can -
I see that it's a stylish shape. The price is $2.OO. . ./
I Engineers' Caps
I ' We are the only store in S. F. handling quilted silk caps made I
1 by union labor and. bearing the union. label. Every bit of the mate-
| rial in the caps is American — there's nothing Japanese in the caps at
I all. They will wash, as they contain no pasteboard like the fdreign-
I made caps. % The price is 45c.
I *" ~~ S
I 718 Market Street. J/As it is announced that there will be a heavy short
age in the Southern peanut crop this year, we shall
doubtless hear before long of a rise in the price of
imported olive oil. • - < .
The toal strike in the East is bad, and the sympa
thies of the Pacific Coast are with the 'Eastern suf
ferers—but still it might be worse. Suppose the ice
men had struck? . '..'-;'¦
The New York Times says:':'; "New York is riot
'American,' New York is America";, and by parity
of reasoning we may say 'San Francisco is riot heav
enly, San Francisco is heaven.';
Not at All Envious. — Girl at. the ribbon- !
counter— "Ever notice . what .long eye
lashes that girl over there in the cutlery
department has?"
Girl at the glove-counter— "No wonder
they're long. She has been hanging on to
her job by. them for the last two years."—
Chicago Tribune. . ;--
Skedunk had gone wet. •
"You call yourselves the 'Liberal*
ticket," said the applicant for a saloon li
cense, to the President of the new town
trustees, "and now, begosh, you want to
make me pay. a thousand dollars for the
privilege of selling whisky in your darned
little old town!"— Chicago Tribune.
"You are not going to accept that office
tendered you by the , President?'!
"May I ask your reason?" '
f*'I have no objection to telling you, but
you must say nothing about it. Early
-in life I; wrote some exceedingly vealy
noetrv/'-Chicaso Tribune. ".¦^SfcB
The dread forces of nature are again to work their
vengeance upon humanity and give another terrify
ing illustration of the futility of human wishes. 'A
warning has been sounded to prepare once more for
famine in India.
It hardly seemed iikely that anything could blight
the budding prosperity of any part of California this
season, but the grasshoppers are doing it in some
section*.
t A recent test of guns -and armor shows that the
guns are too powerful for any protection yet devised.
A position on a battleship continues to be attractive,
but it is not 3'et a sure thing, nor can it be accounted
a health resort in time of war.
Yaie has a scandal. A copy of the questions pre
pared for the final examinations was somehow ob
tained and circulated among the students, with the
result that nearly every candidate .for a degree
pnsscd with flying colors. Now- there are experts
who say examinations are farces anyhow and there is
talk of getting them abolished and basing a degree
unon the work accomplished by the student during
the whole term of his studentship.
A CHANGE TO SMILE
Governor Richardson of Tennessee says the
Southern Democrats wish, to go into the campaign
for the Presidency in 1904- with Richard Olney for
leader and no platform except. Olney's record and a
demand for tariff reduction. :
A movement has been started in Cape Town to
present Lord Kitchener with a sword, but perhaps the
general would rather have a pruning-hook or a ping
pong set. He has had swording' enough during the
past, two years to make a change agreeable.
It is announced that the Democrats in Congress
are attempting to make political capital out of the
Republican administration of Philippine affairs. It
would be extremely difficult to conceive how an or
ganization so hopelessly bankrupt in principle and
policy as the Democratic could make capital out of
anything. /' •
Californians have a special interest in the reports
of the Briarcliff experiment by reason of the fact that
there is a movement under way to establish a similar
school here. Father Crowley's plan for providing
farm training and education for boys is essentially the
same as that which has been proven "successful in
New York. He docs not ask for $1,000,000, yet the
school' he proposes to undertake will be not inferior
In a recent report the director of the school said:
"Our experience teaches that actual practice in the
field is a most needed supplement of classroom
studies. O.ur teachers will accompany the students
from the classroom to the soil, where practical
demonstration of the best agricultural theories may
be made. At Poughkeepsie, to an extent greater than
has been possible at Briarcliff, the students will
handle farming machinery and tools, prepare the
soil, apply, fertilizers, sow the seed, plant orchards,
make gardens and greenhouses, propagate flowers,
control, insects, treat the diseases of plants and ani
mals and perform every practical detail necessary to
be understood 011 a big or a little farm."
The interest in, the subject lies in the -peculiar na
ture Qf the school. Agricultural colleges are numer
ous in the East. Each State has at least one, and
lheir successes are well understood. Had the Briar
cliff school followed the line of work of the colleges
no speciaHntcrcs't would have been felt in it, for it
would have deserved none. It has attained high re
pute simply from the fact that it aims at teaching
practical farming in a new way to young people who
intend to make the cultivation of the soil their life
work.
CONSIDERABLE interest has been awakened
in the East by the reports of success
achieved during the last two years by a school
of practical farming established at Briarcliff Manor,
on the Hudson. The results have been so satisfac
'tory that it has been determined to enlarge the school
and remove it, to a farm of 415 acres near Pough
keepsie. Moreover, the trustees appeal to the pub
lic for an endowment of Si,ooo,ooo, and it is believed
the money will be promptly contributed.
BACK TO THE LAND.
Despite the appropriation for improved ventilation
the House of Representatives finds its chamber as
sultry and uncomfortable this year as ever. Recently
one of the members went to Mr. Cannon and said:
"Where is all that fresh air we voted money for last«
year?" Whereupon Cannon growled back: "I don't
know. I told you fellows .you would be derned fools
to pay for a thing you couldn't see, but you would
do it."
The young man who leaves two-thirds
of a cigar on a dark corner of the door
step when he calls on his best girl will
make a frugal husband. 1
Mr. Schwab of the steel trust recently contributed
$500 to buy fireworks for Pittsburg for the. Glorious
Fourth, and the Eastern papers are making as much
display of the fact as would have been made had
Carnegie given half a million for a new library; and
yet everybody has known for a long time that
Schwab has money to burn.
'To move the tents from one place . to
another the idea of employing automo
biles is entertained. In fact, all the fea
tures represent what might be taken for
a regular traveling circus of huge pro
portions by the casual observer. The plan
can only . take ' on -the formative stage
this year. Mr. Leak says that he would
not hope to have the preparatory work
completed before January. In 1903, accord
ing to his plans, California might be
ready to go on the road, occupying at
different" times all the country east of the
Missouri River.
The promoters of this unique enterprise
say that they have already secured suf
ficient promise of co-operation to war
rant them in forming a corporation, and
this they expect to do some time in the
next few days. Mr. Leak has traveled In
the East with the exhibition that Santa
Clara County has kept on the road for *
long period, and it was while he was so
journeying that he conceived the Idea of
exhibiting the products of many counties
simultaneously in the Eastern country.
A meeting will be held in this city.to
day or to-morrow" for the purpose of get
ting moneyed men interested in a novel
proposition, which' is no less than the in
stitution of a traveling encampment to
advertise the resources of California
counties. According to the description of
their ' ambitious plans by M. Leak and
\V. B. Hayford the general idea is to
have a peripatetic county fair -m wheels
to tour the Eastern country. They have
already had pictures made showing what
their traveling ¦ show would look like. In
one of the pictures a large inclosure Is
seen to be fenced in, and a large crowd
of persons is pouring in through \the
gates. In the inclosure are many tents,
which are supposed to contain as many
county exhibits as there are tenta and to
be tenanted by a representative from
each county, and also a spieler or lec
turer to tell the crowds what there is in
his county that ought to prove attractive
to them.
When Prince Henry said the American women
arc lovely the saying was given conspicuous publi
cation all over the country by the men who run the
newspapers, and now the Countess Rochambeau has
said: '"I admire American men, oh, so much!. They
are handsomer and -stronger than ours," perhaps
the women's journals will print the thing in display
type. Praise from a Countess should be valued more
highly than praise from a Prince.
Miss Isabel Fraser, a special writer for
The Call, is visiting in New York. Miss
Small of Sacramento is registered at the
Netherlands
From San Francisco— C. M. Culver, at
the Grand Union; G. F. Detrlck and Mrs.
G. F. Detrlck, at the New Amsterdam;
S. C. Irving, at the Astor.
NEW YORK. June 19.— Tho following
Gallfornians are in New York:
Californians in New York.
WISH TO EXHIBIT
STATE PRODUCTS
IN MANY TENTS
Occasionally we find some one trying to
belittle another by printing his initials
In small type, but it fails of the mark and
is like profanity, an evidence of a lack of
power of expression. Governor Gage has
at last filed his threatened complaint for
the arrest of John D. Spreckels and W.
S. Leake, and in it he refers to "W. S.
Leake, alias Sam Leake." If "anything
were wanting to show the exceeding
smallness of his excellency this would be
evidence enough. "W. S. Leake" is print
ed at the head of the editorial col
umns every day as manager of The
Call. His friends familiarly, call him
Sam, but this does . not make an
alias. To have made it complete ha
should have ordered his typewriter to
write it "w. s. leake, alias -sam leake."
Then Sam would have felt small!
Colusa Sun.
His Excellency's "Smallness."
There is no authority under our laws by which the
State or any of its officials can grapple directly with
the evil or enforce the remedy proposed. It remains
for the land-owners and farmers to accomplish that
by voluntary action. The example set in Sacramento
County has been followed to some extent elsewhere,
and particularly iii Soiano County, but it should be
followed everywhere. The amount of loss entailed by
the burning over old pastures will be slight in com
parison with that which would follow if the pest
should get firmly established in the State, The losses
inflicted upon Kansas and Nebraska were large, but
they would be as nothing to ;he loss that would fall
upon California, for the orchards, vineyards and
fields of this State are far richer than those which
were devastated there. We have, in fact, an immense
property at stake and should be prompt, resolute
and energetic in taking steps to protect it.
The State Board of Horticulture has undertaken
the work of investigating the extent of the pest and
the location of the breeding-places. Professors and
agents of the State University are also in the field
prosecuting the work of inquiry. It is fair to as
sume that they will be able to decisively locate the
danger points and fix the districts where fire should
be applied. When that information has been ob
tained and given out it will be for the people to do
the Test. '-.:"
The pest is so widely scattered through the State
that the action of a single county avails little. As
soon as the grasshopper develops wings he flies to
whatever places offer him food. Consequently un
less the work of destruction be carried out system
atically and comprehensively the benefits derived
from it will be but partial. What is required in an
emergency of this kind is a general co-operation of
the people in every locality where the pest appears.
If that can be obtained California will be able to vir
tually eradicate the evil this year and will have little
fear of its return next summer. '
Sacramento County has set an example which
should be followed wherever the grasshoppers have
their breeding-places or establish themselves by
migration. The Supervisors of the county, having
found by investigation that the breeding-grounds of
the pest are in pasture lands, they have undertaken to
sweep them clean by fire. When the dry grass is
burned over the grasshoppers are killed and their
eggs destroyed. The remedy is drastic, but' it is
effective. No other known remedy is anything like
so potent for the purpose.
OVER the bright prospects that promised
prosperity for all the rural industries of Cali
fornia there has come a sudden cloud. A
plague of grasshoppers threatens a widespread de
struction of fields and orchards. While the habitual
optimist may see in this visitation nothing more than
ia passing annoyance, it will not do to overlook it.
The experience of Kansas and Nebraska in past years
stands as a warning too impressive to be ignored..
California cannot afford to take chances with a dan
ger of this kind. Every effort should be made to
check the pest at once. It is far better to deal with
it now than to wait until it becomes more widespread
¦ and more formidable.
Lieutenants Trelawney and Herbert
Fitzherbert of H. M. S. Grafton, which
left San Diego for Esquimau, B. C, some
time ago, are at the Grand, on their way
to rejoin their ship. They were left at
San Diego to recover from attacks of
typhoid fever.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of the
Santa Fe, with heaquarters at Los Ange
les, is at the Grand.
Frank H. Buck, the well-known fruit
grower of Vacaville, la registered at the
Palace.
-George .Dang, general agent of .the
Union Pacific at Los Angeles, is at the
Grand.
S. L. Mack, an oil man of Bakersfleld, Is
at the Palace.
W. W. Chapin of Sacramento Is a guest
at the Palace.
John Weil, a merchant of Sacramento,
is at the Grand.
D. W. Carmichael, a. Sacramento attor
ney, is at the Grand.
D. S. Rosenbaum, a merchant of Stock
ton, Is at the Palace.
Thomas B. Bond, an attorney of Lake
port, is at the Grand.
E. F. Frazier, a lumber dealer of Sacra
mento, la at the Grand.
J. Provines, a mining man of Grass Val
ley, is among the arrivals at the Lick.
THE GRASSHOPPER PLAGUE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
prid7y7T7~".'., .Tune 20, 1903
" JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ¦
Klztts /!! Ccsrincsicttiont t» W. B. LEASE. Ktnagir.
TELEPHONE.
£Ek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With, the Department You VVrtu
ITBI-ICATION OFFICE. . .3InrUr(t «R«1 Third. S. T.
KDITORIAI. ROOMS 217 <«> 221 Steremon St.
Delivered fcr Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slne1«» Copies. & Cent*.. "-',./
T>rm« 1»T Mall. Including Poslnset
EAIT.Y CALL, <!nclu<".inB Eunflay). one year fft.DO
r>AILT CAUj Onduillrg Sunday). 6 months 8.00
£>AILT CALL <lnclud'nar Sunday). 3 months 1.R0
TAILT CALL — By SJairfe Month «5s
rUXDAY CALL. Or* Tear • *-5*
WEESXY CALL. One Year 1.0* I
All poBtmantcr* are itnthorlced to receive
snbncrtptlons.
eatnple copies will be forwarded when requested.
MaJl «t2b«rrber» In ordering chat r* of address should, >>e
f>artl«iJar te» rive both NEW AND OLT> ADDRESS In order
to !n\cr» a prczr.pt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE '. . . . .1113_ Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGKRSS.
Kac&gtr Tntlg* Advertising. XirgsetU Building, C&ieigt.
(Lone Distance Telepaor.e "Central 2819.")
KITW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAHX/rOX Herald Square
1 NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN O. SMITH JiO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentaao, St 'Union Square;
leszsmy EU1 Hotel.
, CHICAQO NEWS STANDS:
' KberraaB House; P. O. Neira Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
topmost Hour; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON' (D. C> OFFICES. . . .1400 G St.. If. W.
MOItTOX E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
BBAKCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
estn »:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
1 McAllister, cpen natil 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larktn. open until
I f.SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, opea until 10 o'clock. 2261
' Market, comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
* leads, opes until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, opea until 9
P o'clock. NW. corner Twanty-eecond and Kentucky, open
tmtil 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
This attempt on the part of Gage to
bring men hundreds of miles away from
their home to answer to a libel— if any
libel there has been— which was perpe
trated at San Francisco, does not seem
very much like seeking a vindication. It
looks more as though Gage were deter
mined not so much to vindicate himself as
to put his critics to all the expense and
trouble possible.
If Gage shall be permitted to sue J. D.
Spreckels and W. S. Leake outside of
San Francisco, the suit should be com
menced in the city of Sacramento, which,
according to the statutes, is the official
residence of the Governor.
But then the statutes can hardly count
in this matter, for Governor. Gage has
frequently shown that he is not amenable
to them.
Another point in this connection. Why
docs Governor Gage bring that suit hun
dreds of miles away from the evidence?
The Controller's office and the records
at San Quentin will furnish the evidence
for both sides.
The Governor has not helped his case by
getting away from the evidence. ,
The place to sue the San Francisco Call
Is where the San Francisco Call is pub
lished. Gage can do these things to
J. D. Spreckels and W. S. Leake, who
have plenty of money with which to fight
back, he could do the same thing to W.
S. Green, of the Colusa Sun, or to some
other independent and fearless journalist,
who has not. .
This is not the first time this has been
done in the State of California, .but it has
been, in all cases, a vicious precedent. .
The people of the State of California,
as a whole, are not very much interested
whether Gage shall win his libel suit
against J. D. Spreckels and W. S. Leaka,
or whether he shall lose. But the peo-r
pie of the State of California, as a whole,
and each and every citizen of this State,
in his own entity, have a direct personal
interest in this matter in this way: if
Henry T. Gage can hale J. "D. Spreckel3
and W. S. Leake, citizens of San Fran
cisco, way down to a little seaside resort;
in Los Angeles County— which happens
to be the particular home of Governor
Gsge's particular chums and friends— any
other citizen with plenty of money, such
as Gage has, can do the same to any
other citizen" whom he may accuse of
having libeled him.
Sacramento Bee.
Has Not Helped His Case.
Unless immigration is' resisted by more drastic
restrictions than have yet been imposed we may look
forward to a gradual equalization of- conditions be
tween this country and the sources of the stream that
is flowing upon us. If there be merit in the argu
ment against Chinese immigration it applies with
equal force,- in., its economic sense, to all immigra
tion. We are receiving every six months from
Southern. Europe, more immigrants' than came
in forty years from China. If that Chinese
addition to our unskilled labor . were formid
able enough* to justify t drastic : measures of
prevention, how much more formidable is the great
excess that is pouring in from the low-.wage coun
tries of Southern Europe. The universality of labor
strikes in this country begins to cause apprehension
as to our continued mastery of the world's com
merce. When the remote cause of these strikes is
sought, if. found in this enormous immigration, still
greater apprehension may be felt, for it implies our
decline to the general industrial level of the world.
The conditions from which these poor people are
fleeing are shown by our consular reports. Lyons,
France, is a typical Southern European industrial
center. It is the seat of the silk manufacture of Eu
rope, and a larger proportion of its population are
skilled laborers than in any other French city. The
condition of labor is more favorable than in less
busy localities, so that it must be understood to de
cline from that eminence to a lower level. Our con
sular reports show that in Lyons carpenters receive
13/4 cents an hour; masons, locksmiths,, plasterers,
painters, plumbers, stonecutters, chimney builders
and layers of mosaic pavement n to 12 cents an
hour; common, unskilled labor 9 cents an hour. In
the famous Lyons silk mills the average operator
gets 60 cents a day, and very few, experts can earn
$1 50 a day. A Lyons policeman gets $25 a month.
Is it any wonder that Southern Europe is spilling its
population upon its?
Low wages and high cost of living in Southern
Europe are expelling the surplus population of those
countries, and it is flowing here in a constantly en
larging stream. The head tax of $i 50 imposed by
the Shattuc bill is no restraint at all. The steamship
companies can afford to put up that small sum for
the sake of the trade, and, if they do not, the con
tractors in this country who are importing this alien
labor will do it. It is no more restraint than io
cents, a head would be.
THE enormous increase in foreign immigration
to this country is exciting the attention of
economists. It is largely from Southern Eu
rope and of people that are hardest to digest and
assimilate. The Shattuc immigration bill was
treated as a drastic measure for reform of our immi
gration laws, but when compared with the real emer
gency^ it pretends to meet it merely nibbles the edge
of the question. Restriction of the indigent, illiter
ate and defective classes does not meet the issue.
The wholly mistaken policy of putting foreigners,
the countrymen of the classes restricted, in authority
to enforce our immigration laws largely nullifies
these and all other wholesome provisions of the law.
The recent shakcup in the Immigration Bureau in
New York developed the rottenness of its adminis
tration. The Government might just as logically and
safely put the enforcement of the Chinese exclusion
laws in the hands of the Six Companies.
Mrs. Susan Neumann announces the en
easement of her daughter. Miss Pauline
Neumann, to George P.odiek of Honolulu.
Miss Neumann Is a noted California
beauty, but Is seen little in this city, as
she travels extensively. She is liberally
educated and has a charming personality.
She is a clever musician and linguist. The
bride-elect is a daughter of the late Ed
ward Neumann of this city and a niece
of Paul Neumann, who figured promi
nently in Honolulu directing state affairs
during the reign of Queen Lilluokalani.
Mr Rodiek'ls associated with the firm of
H. Hackfeld & Co.. well-known merchants
and planters in the islands.
• • •
Preparations are being made for tho
wedding of Miss Mabel H. Whitney arul
John Sutherland Ross on Thursday even
ing June 26. The bride-elect is the
charming daughter of L. Whitney of
Berkeley and the wedding will take place
at her home. Mr. Ross has been in the
passenger department of the Southern Pa
cific for some time. The couple have
many friends on both sides of the bay.
Mr and Mrs. Harry Macfarlane (nee
Dunn) have been giving another delight
ful lawn party at their home in Honolulu.
The guests were most hospitably enter
tained. A number of San Franciscans
were present. . , » .
Mrs Hugh Tevls departed yesterday fcT
Denver where she will reside with her
parents', the Baxters, until her new home
is buiit. # : ::.i- ; «^
Mr and Mrs. W. H. Demlng and J. R.
Daniels are at the Rowardennan. They
made the trip from Santa Cruz in their
automobile. -f r# \V «> •;:
Mrs Bates Spauldlng of San Mateo and
Mrs Fred Jacobs, 1715 Pacific avenue,
have returned from their trip to the Yo
semlte. They were cordially received and
extensively entertained during their ab
sence and are in excellent health.
.,• . ••-¦;.• .
Dr. Alice M. Goss is spending June and
July at Monte Vista. Miss Florence Cow
ley and her sister, Marlon, are also at
Monte Vista.
Miss Reina and Miss Gussle Belasco.
the charming daughters of David Belasco,
the playwright, arrived from New York
last Tuesday and are staying with their
aunt, Mrs. E. Frledlander, who resides at
158 Central avenue. The young ladies in
tend staying here for a few weeks and
friends and relatives are arranging to en
tertain them extensively. >,*t- /'-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ONLY FACE VALUE-M. V. R., City.
A 25-cent piece of 1834 Is worth only it*
face value.
CORPORATION— Folsom Street. City.
If a number of persons start a company
for the purpose of furnishing any one
with electricity or any other commodity
for pay, and the same is incorporated. It
is not a private corporation.
ABBREVIATION— A Reader, City. The
letters I. R. which appear after the name
of Wilhelm of Germany are the abbrevia
tions of Imperator (Emperor) and Rex
(King). He is Emperor of Germany and
King of Prussia.
COPYRIGHT— A. S., City. If an article
originally appears in a newspaper and is
not copyrighted any one has a right to
use the same, but due credit should be
given to the paper from -which It is taken.
If it originally appears uncopyrlghted and
should then appear In another publication
that is copyrighted, that would not pro
tect the article.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend**.*
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound. In artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice*
present for Eastern friends. 639 Mark:;
street, Palace Hotel building. - •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by thai
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call-,
fornia street. Telephone Main 1W2. •
Asked by a Justice to give an account
of himself, a Georgia darky replied: "I
des a po' ol' nigger, sun, votin* aroua* fe?
a honest livin*."
Cheap Bates to Minneapolis, Tgfnn.
N. E. A. Convention, ?S4 00, Ban Francises
to Minneapolis and return, groins direct lines;
returning Northern Pacific Railway. On iale
July 1 and 2. eood sixty days. Only requlrei
six days for entire trip through Yellowstone
National Park. Just the season to visit 'Na
ture's Greatest Wonderland." The- Northern
Pacific train "North Coast Limited,'* Is unex
celled by any other. Seeing- is believing:. T.
K. Stateler, general agent. 647 Market st., 3. T.
Tba one rreat -virtue of Burnett's Vanilla Ex
tract Is purity. If • real vanilla extract & noth*
ing: but vanilla extract. Always vs« Burnett's.
IMMIGRATION AND WAGES.
: Official reports are said to show that the American
people drink hardly more than a gallon of distilled
spirits per capita in a year, and as that consumption
is far below the European level the. conclusion is
reached that we are a very temperate people or else
we are sadly lacking in vigorous thirst.
Editor The Call: The Evening Post on
Wednesday, June 18lh, published a state
ment that the Geary Street Railroad Com
pany was in hard straits to obtain sig
natures to its petition for a new franchise,
and was buying land to secure. the re
quisite, number of signatures.
This is absolutely untrue. Neither this
company nor any one for it has done any
such foolish thing. It is proceeding to
obtain signatures to its petition, and has
hitherto paid no attention to the many
false statements made against it.
I asked the Post to publish this denial,
but it has refused to publish this or to
make any corrections. Yours truly,
HORACE G. PLATT.
Prca. Geary St., P. & O. R. R. Co.
City, June 19. .
"I do riot agree with the unfavorable
criticisms that have Wen made against
the shed from the sanitary point of
view," said Mr. Dunn. "It is all that
could be desired as a place for the keep
ing of Chinese for a few weeks, but for
a longer period they should be placed else
where."
Inspector James H. Dunn, In charge of
the Chinese Bureau, has recommended to
the department the use or two detention
sheds for the keeping of Chinese await
ing a landing, one for short timers and
the other for those necessarily detained
for long periods during appeal proceed
ings. During the unfounded plague scare
a year or two ago, Chief Dunn requested
Federal Quarantine Officer Dr. Kinyoun to
report on the sanitary condition of the
detention shed.. The report was that the
shed was all that could be desired from
a sanitary point of view and that there
•was no clanger of any plague or other con
tagious disease originating there. He
found that it was well lighted (with sun
shine) and well ventilated.
The recently adopted regulation pro
vides that the coolie shall before departing
on a visit to his native land file with the
Collector an affidavit showing his inten
tion to depart and to return within a year
and the fact that he has debts owing to
him in this State to the amount of $1000 or
more. This affidavit will be accepted on
its face as true and no investigation will
be made until the coolie returns from
China at the end of the year. Then his
trouble will begin, for the Collector will
set about to ascertain tho truth of the
facts stated in the affidavit. He will send,
for instance, .to the debtor and will ask
him, "Wong Sing says you owe him $1000.
Is that true?" "No," may be the bland
reply; "I paid him the money before he
left. He lies if he says I owe him any
thing." Thus the debtor gets rid of a
creditor and Wong. Sing is refused read
mission into this country. It was the
practice formerly to Investigate the state
ments made in the affidavits before the
coolie left for China, When the state
ments failed of verification a return cer
tificate was denied and the coolie was
thus given fair warning that if he left
this country he would not be allowed to
return. The Collector will recommend a
return to the old system.
- Customs Collector Stratton Is preparing
his report to the Secretary of the Tr ??^"*
ury on the sanitary condition of the Chi
nese detention shed on the. Mail dock.
His report will be to the effect that, -while
the shed is well adapted for the purpose
of confining Chinese for a few weeks, he
is of the opinion that as a place of de
tention for several months while Chinese
are awaiting- appeal proceedings, the shea
is not what it should be. He will also ask
the Secretary to. modify the recent ruling,
in fore© for the last thirty days, as to the
manner of speeding the parting coolie ana
bidding him welcome home again on his
return from a visit to China.
-r -jr tKEN the Platt amendment ", was adopted
\A/ compelling Cuba to offer her constitution
•. Y^ » for our approval and making her submit to
a suzerainty heretofore unknown in our national
policy, it was distasteful to a majority of Americans,
who took pains to study it in the light of our declara
tion of absolute and rightful independence of the
island. It was Etill more distasteful to the Cubans
themselves, who came near ceasing to make a con
stitution, with a view of opening war upon their
new masters.
Peaceful counsels prevailed, however, and an em
bassy, was sent to Washington to plead that the Platt
amendment be withdrawn. After long and numer
ous audiences with the Secretary of War the embassy
returned to Havana and reported in favor of adopt
ing the amendment. This was done. Hyhat followed
is explained by recent disclosures. The patriotic as
piration "of the • people to make Gomez the first
President of the republic, for whose freedom he had
fought with. great valor, was by some means sup
pressed and he was induced to withdraw,* as it-ap
pears now, by a large sum of money paid to him by
General Wood under authority of the War Depart
ment. Palma, who had not been in Cuba for nearly
thirty years and was unknown to the present genera
tion, was elected . President, a large majority of the
people not voting.
The people of Cuba and the people of the United
States saw no reason for all this manifestation. We
had declared Cuba of right free - and independent.
We had disavowed any desire to control her action in
any respect, and had disclaimed designs upon her ter
ritory. The Platt amendment was entirely inconsis- .
tent with our professions. Such reasons were given
for it- as men can conjure out of nothing, but the real
reason appeared when the Cuban junta opened head
quarters in New York, hired attorneys and printers
and began an assault upon the farmers of the United
States.
Then began a prolonged and sustained effort to in
vade and break down our protective system. The as
sault was -made in the name of a diaphanous moral
obligation to Cuba. If protection be a principle
there is no moral obligation superior to it. It was
also urged in the name of charity to Cuban industry.
If protection be a principle it is not subject to abate
ment or i ejection because the people of some other
country are in distress. Did we heed the discontent
in Swansea when protection to our tin manufacture
made bread scarce on the tables of the Welsh dip
pers? Did we talk about moral obligations, or char
ity, when a hungry cry went up from the Austrian
button-makers after the McKinley bill domesticated
that industry here? Not at all, because in those days
protection was taught as an economic principle, and
not a policy to be juggled with as expediency dic
tated. / .
When the money payment to Gomez was revealed,
following close upon the admission of Mr. Thurber,
the American ally of the junta, that General Wood
had paid him enormous sums out of the Cuban rev
enues to influence Congress, the long-drawn plot was
made plain. -The War Department announced that
we had promised free trade to Cuba, and then it ap
peared that the embassy which came to Washington
to ask withdrawal of the Platt amendment went back
to ask its adoption because the Secretary of War
had promised them* in return free trade in our mar
kets. Of all this the American people were in ig
norance. The first they knew of it was when the
Secretary of War informed them that they had prom
ised free trade to Cuba, and would be guilty of dis
honor if they broke faith! Effrontery is a gentle
term to apply to such a statement.
The President seems to have been dragged into
the matter by the Secretary of War and should be
glad to be out of it. The War Department can now
retire to its legitimate function and keep hands off
the economic policy of the country. The American
beet farmer has defeated it and its generals in uni
form. Its offensive dictation to Congress must cease,
for the people are tired of it. Protection is safe for
the present and California is, proud that her whole
delegation in Congress stood by the protective prin
ciple from the first challenge to the victory.
The Republican party will deal with the War De
partment, which has succeeded in scandalizing the
administration and in furnishing a fine ammunition
train to the political enemy.
PLATT DENIES
STATEMENT IN
EVENING POST
TWO DETENTION
SHEDS WANTED
AT MAIL DOCK
»w »»»u«, «** ai\.ii Auiiv anu , vv ill. ¦ uuuy tiCoj ti <xiii aa iaif
a number of students, Such schools will check tl
1 tendency of. young _ men, to crowd into the cities I
1 teaching them to delight in rural work and to coi
> duct- it with the skill and science required to'mal
1 it profitable, In that way they will be ; among tl
» most beneficial institutions of the Jcommonwealt
- and merit liberal support in California as in Ne
- *ork» •
to that in New York and will doubtless train as large
ENGAGEMENT
OF A BEAUTY IS
ANNOUNCED
THE JUNTA FAILS.
TIIE SAN FKAKCISCO ;CALL V FBIDAYy .JU^B ;20, 1902.
6
1 C Yf*£*£l i" I
M Coronation Ceremony and the Dignitaries of Church and State Who Will ja
B Officiate, King Edward as the First Gentleman of Europ:. Where the King If j
B and Queen Will Live, the King and Queen on the throne, and other pag-s If '¦
H of interest, all brilliantly illustrated as only The Sunday Call can do it 9
A SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN WHO MAGIC PUZZLES. FASHIONS AND
LOOKS LIKS QUEEN ALEX AN' BOOKS. AND PAGES OF HUMAN
DRA. WHO IS SHE ? INTEREST STORIES. >
THE SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE OF PAT AND HEINY IN NEW ADVEN *
SAN FRANCISCO. ¦ TURES. I
HOW TO SAVE THE DROWNING. SUMMER HAUNTS FOR CAMPERS
16 PAGES....MAGAZINE SECTION.... 16 PAQES
Can rabserlbers contemplating: a change of
MndeBce dvrlntr tne nmmer months can nave
Kkelr paper forwarded by mail to their new
addressea by notlf ylaer Tne Call Bnslnesn Office.
TMi paper will al«o be on sale at all ¦nmmer
resorts and is represented by a local agent In
all tofrns on tne coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIBG TOWB FOR THESDMMER.Shore of the Nezena River Said to Be
Yielding Abundant
Metal.
SEATTLE. June -10.— What is declared
to be another great placer gold discov
ery has been made on the Nezena River
a tributary of the Chittyna, in the Copper
River Valley country. The dirt, but a
shallojv depth from tho surface, it 13
elaimfk, washes from -10 cents to $4 to the
I'an. ;•¦;¦; . '. . <:: -..i.^,- ; ";¦
Meager details of tho strike are given
by Captain Z. 6. Moore and other officers
of the steamer Excelsior, which arrived
yesterday from Valdes. Practically every
able-bodied man in the town of Valdes
they say, has stampeded to the Nezena'
which is about 200 miles to the interior
As far as they could learn several miners
from the new find arrived at Valdes for
additional supplies about ' June 8.i They
communicated the news of the discovery
to one or two of their friends, and in this
way it spread until on June 10 a veritable
stampede had set in. On June 11, the dav
the Excelsior sailed, the town was prac
tically deserted by men. |j The price of
horses Jumped from $50 to- $250, and only
a few were to be had at the latter figure
Captain Moore does not vouch for the
truth of the etory of the find, but he does
guarantee the Information as to the stam
pede. \
BIG GOLD DISCOVERY
REPORTED IN THE NORTH
WANTS DEED SET ASIDE— Benjamin T.
McGowari filod a suit yesterday against James
Guildea. administrator of the estate of his
father, P. A. McGowan. to Bet aside a deed he
alleges Guildea procured through misrepresenta
tion.
If you wish,* to know all
about the coming coronation
of England's King— the digni
taries of the church and state
who will officiate at the crown
ing; where the King and
Queen. will live; Edward VII
considered as the first gentle
man of Europe; interesting
anecdotes in the private life of
the King and Queen— do ; not
fail to get a copy of the great
Coronation Number of The
Call that will be published
next Sunday.
jTIMBER IiAND FRAUDS.
.,: BEING* INVESTIGATED
Special Agent Prior on the Trail
After the Perjurers and Their
Employers.
J. R. Prior, special agent of the Land
Office in this city, will leave this morning
for Humboldt County, where he will se
cure evidence in several cases of timber
land jumping in that county. He will
then investigate the alleged land Jumping
and subornation of perjury alleged to
have been committed in the Land Office at
Sacramento.
Mr. Prior said that the extensive forests
in Michigan and elsewhere in the United
State are nearly all cut away by the lum
ber men and Eastern lumber capital
therefore has come to California to invest
in timber lands in large blocks where it
will be profitable to erect sawmills. He
said further that the California yellow
pine lumber was not excelled by that in
any other part of the world, while the fir
and other pine were of good marketable
quality. Hence the rush and the conse
quent hiring of dummies to commit per
jury in filing applications for the land.
TERESA BELL GETS A
SETBACK IN HER SUIT
of D. 0. Mills on a Vital
;,-:;* Point.
Judge ' Morrow Sustains a Demurrer
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday sustained the demurrer of the
defendant in the suit of Teresa Bell, as
special administratrix of the estate of
Thomas Bell, deceased, against D. O.
Mills. The suit was brought to recover
$250,000, with . interest from April 1, 1898,
for the conversion of shares of stock in
mines and railroads around Bellingham
Bay, Washington, pledged by Thomas
Bell to the Bank of California as security
for a loan. The demurrer of the defend
ant was on the ground that at the time
demand was made upon Mr. Mills for the
return of the stock, the sum of money
for which - the stock had been pledged
was not tendered.
This ruling practically amounts to a
decision in favor of the defendant, but
the complainant was allowed until next
August to take such further action as
may be deemed proper.
New Incorporations.
The Union Drug Company was. incor
porated yesterday with a capital stock of
$250,000. The directors, each of whom
has subscribed $500, are W. C. Spencer,
J. A. Weston, D. C. Kosminsky, W. J.
Jones, W. H. Robinson, P. M. Bowen, C.
E Bowen, H. B. Blanding, W. A. Bos
ton, Kenneth Watson and C. N. McCon-
Articles of incorporation of the Wend
ling Redwood Shingle Company were filed
yesterday. It has a capital stock of $100,
000. The directors are G. X. Wendling,
H. Nathan, B. F. Brooks, I. Hirshfeld
and M. A. Merkle.
The Belle of Tonopah Mining Company
was incorporated yesterday with a capi
tal stock of $500,000, of which $300,000 is
subscribed. The directors and the
amounts they' have subscribed are: James
L Butler, $60,000; Wallace Everson, $30,
000; A. P. Redding, $30,000r W. C. Van
Fleet. $15,000; A. C. Stock, $30,000; F. K.
Thorn, $60,000; F. S. Rowley, $30,000; G.
P. Reynolds, $30,000, and G. H. Mastick,
$15,000. : ._ ¦.:¦• -,
Suit Against North Star Mine.
Heirs of the estate of John W. Relly
have brought suit in the United States
CJrcuit Court against the North Star Min
ing Company of Grass Valley to recover
$S:h) 000 alleged to have been abstracted by
the defendants from the Norwich mine,
the property nl the estate. The Norwich
mine ¦ adjoins the Massachusetts and
North Star mines, from .' whose under
ground workings it is alleged that the
defendants encroached on the territory
of the complainants.
Permit for Boxing Contest.
The Supervisors' Police Committee yes
terday granted a permit to the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club for a professional box
ing contest in July. The club will bring
oft the Jeffries-Fitzsimmons contest un
der the permit. . The committee returned
without recommendation to the board the
Te*H3lution requiring that the club pay
$5000 for charitable purposes. , .' •.
The Committee on Charter Amend
ments has a large number of proposed
changes In the charter under advisement,
the majority of them referring to the De
partment of Public Works. ¦ . '.
The text of the charter is changed con
siderably in the amendments, but the
spirit of the legislative act is retained. If
the Supervisors adopt the recommended
amendments to the charter the people of
San Francisco will be called upon to ac
cept them by special^lection. The final
step to make the amendments legal will
be the ratification by the next Legisla
ture.
The committee discussed the proposed
amendments, prepared under its direction
by an attorney. The various amendments
to be recommended to the Supervisors
propose to eliminate the ambiguity exist
ing in trie charter as to the acquisition of
public utilities. The charter provides fcr
a special election for each public utility
to be acquired and the amendments make
it possible for a number of public utilities
to be voted on for acquisition at one elec
tion.
Instead of making it imperative on the
Supervisors to secure, every two years,
data as to the cost of all public utilities,
the amendments will allow the Super
visors to obtain figures as to special utili
ties.
The Committee on Public Utilities and
Charter' Amendments of the Supervisors
met yesterday and spent considerable time
on proposed" amendments to the charter
section relating to the acquisition of pub
lic, utilities. Supervisors Alpers, D'An
cona, Braunhart, Connor and Bent were
present, together with some of the officials
of th« Board of Public Works.
Supervisors' Committee Desires to
Facilitate Acquisition of Pub
lic Utilities.
PROPOSE CHANGES
IN THE CHARTER
After twenty-five years of service as
assistant manager of the Palace Hotel,
George B. Warren has resigned and N. S.
Mullen has been appointed- his successor.
About two months ago Mr. Warren left
for Nome to superintend his mining in
terests. He found the claims required a
great amount of his attention and conse
quently resigned his position with the
Palace Hotel. He is one of the best
known hotel men in America and his re
tirement from his position Is deeply re
gretted by the large army of employes of
the hotel, with whom he was very popu
lar.
His successor, N. S. Mullen, was raised
in the hotel business. - He was for many
years '"back of the counter" at Del Monte
and was for some time assistant man
ager of the Van Nuys of Los Angeles. He
resigned the latter post last winter to ac
cept a clerkship with the Palace.
With the present change John McDer
mott, popularly known as "Mack," be
comes head clerk. He has been associated
with the hotel for the last thirteen years
and is one of the most popular hotel
clerks in the- country. Lynn Austin will
again be a clerk of the hotel. He was
formerly a clerk in the hotel, but re
signed last summer to take the manage
ment of the Hotel Rowardennan. Mr.
Austin was at one time connected with
The Call and did clever work in the art
department.
COMMERCIAL MUSEUM [
SHOWS TRADE FACTS
Keport Prepared for Exporters, Re-
viewing Conditions in Pacific
Countries.
Two hundred wholesale houses of tills
city are directly concerned as members
in the publication of a statement by the
Pacific Commercial Museum regarding
the conditions surrounding the introduc
tion of American goods into Pacific Ocean
countries. This publication Director
Goodwin of the museum has prepared. It
shows the movement of imports of ail
sorts of wares into the countries border
ing on the Pacific, the great islands of the
Pacific, and also into India. It also gives
tariffs, rates of freight, regulations con
cerning shipping documents, etc., up to
date. ¦'•'-"
This is the first report of the sort ever
issued on the Pacific Coast. The purpose
of the- Commercial Museum director is to
issue such a report every month here
after. The sources of information are
very largely official, being Government
documents and the like, but there arc
also reliable private agencies that have
contributed to the report.
John McAdams Exonerated.
Acting United States Attorney Banning
yesterday requested the entry of a nolle
prosequi in the case of the United States
against John McAdams, indicted for pass
ing a counterfeit dollar on a Third-street
restaurant man. The United States Secret
Service people found that McAdams was
a miner of good reputation and that the
bad dollars found on him were part of the
output of the Johnson gang now serving
time in the penitentiary for counterfeit
ing. The authorities believe the bad
money was passed upon McAdams.
The acting secretary of the Coast Sea
men's' Union called upon Acting United
States Attorney Bar.ning yesterday to pro
cure a complaint for the arrest of Cap
tain James Barneson of the transport
Warren for having placed two sailors on
bread and water. The sailors had con
tumaciously refused to salute the captain
when ordered to do so. Mr. Banning re
fused to draw up a complaint and inform
ed the secretary that the military authori
ties were the proper parties to appeal to.
Complaint Against Barneson Refused
The Utah Press Association, which is
touring- the coast, left Portland, Or., last
evening and is due to arrive in this city
Sunday morning. There are about seventy
in the party. They will spend two days
in San Francisco sightseeing and will
leave for Del Monte on Tuesday morning.
Their itinerary includes Paso Robles,
Santa Barbara, Lcs Angeles, Bakersfleld,
Sacramento and then back to this city.
They will return to Utah over the Central
Pacific.
At the recent convention Dr. Norman
Bridge of Los Angeles , was elected presi
dent. The members of the party are the
special guests of the Southern Pacific
Company.
Dr. W. S. R. Phillips and Dr. E. A. de
Schweintz of Washington, D. C. : Dr. II. War-'
ren White, Boston; Dr. William E. Parke,
Philadelphia; Dr. A. C. Getchell, Worcester,
Mass. ;' Dr. Vincent Y. Bowdltch, Boston; Dr.
Walter Bailey, Boston; Dr. Charles C. Nam
mack, New York; Dr. H. D. Arnold, Boston;
Dr. Richard A. Cleeman, Philadelphia; Dr.
Edward O.- Otis, Boston; Dr. Will Howard
Swan, Colorado Springs; Dr. J. L. Cheney,
Syracuse, N. Y. ; Dr. De Witt C. Romalne. New
York: Dz» John L... Hegron, Syracuse; Dr. S.
E. Solly, Colorado Springs. ¦ . ¦•¦
Two distinguished parties will shortly be
the guests of San Francisco. The Clima
tological Society, which held its annual
convention recently in Los Angeles, will
arrive in this city Sunday morning. The
(oiiowing members are in the party:
The boy immediately started to Van
couver on a bicycle and on his arrival no
tified Sheriff Marsh. The officers tele
phoned Deputy Warden Carson at Wood
land to meet officers at the Targerson
place as soon as possible. A posse, con
sisting of Sheriff Marsh, City Marshal
Norton and a half-dozen men, then left
at once for the point where the convlct3
arc reported to have been seen.
If the story, told by young Tarperson Is
true Carson's bloodhounds should be able
to pick up the trail left by the convicts,
although the dogs and posse could not
have reached tne Targerson place before
3 o'clock, six hours after the outlaws
were seen. This, however, would be tho
freshest scent of the fugitives since Car
son and the dogs arrived here last Tues
day.
A circumstance which proves almost be
.yond question that the men reported to
have been seen at Pioneer on horseback
Tuesday were not Harry Tracy and Da
vid Merrill occurred just before the Sher
iff and posse left her for the Targerson
place. A farmer named Ayers, who lives
a few miles from Pioneer, came to Van
couver about noon and immediately hunt
ed up Sheriff Marsh, to whom Ayers de
clared that the horsemen taken for the
outlaws Tuesday were Ayers' father-in
law, Shively, and a companion, who left
home Tuesday forenoon to take up tim
ber claims back of Lewisville. Ayers did
not learn until this morning, when Shive
ly and his companion returned and re
lated the story of having been fired at in
the brush along Lewis River, that the
men had been mistaken for the outlaws,
but upon being. convinced that such was
the case came to Vancouver at once to
notify the Sheriff.
SALEM, Or., June 19. — Governor Geer
to-day granted a full pardon to Frank
Ingram, the convict who risked his life
on June 4 in an attempt to prevent Tracy
and Merrill murdering the Warden and
escaping from prison. Ingram was sen
tenced to the penitentiary in 1SD2 for life
for killing his brother during a quarrel.
VANCOUVER, Wash.. June 19.—Ac
cording to a report brought here at 11
o'clock to-day by Reuben Targerson, a
young man who lives two miles southeast
of Pioneer, two men answering the de
scription of Tracy and Merrill, the es
caped convicts, came to Targerson's
house at 9 o'clock this morning and asked
for food.
Visited a Washington Home
for Food.
Tracy and Merrill Reported* to Have
30Y SAYS HE SAW
THE FUGITIVE CONVICTS
We therefore respectfully request that you
give us such assurance so that we In turn may
proceed under the direction of Professors Wood-
That the owners of»sald land will not suffer
•or permit the burning of eaid land without
considerable and expensive litigation, and It
is possible that an agreement may be en
tered into with said owners by which their
consent to the damage to their property may be
obtained upon the condition that the State com
pensate them for the loss of their pasturage,
and that said owners will most likely so con
sent If they have the assurance that you will
recommend to the next Legislature the passage
of an appropriation to cover their said loss,
which appropriation is not to exceed in anj
event the sum of $10,000.
That It appears to us from the Investigations
of Professor C. W. Woodworth and Professor
Warren T. Clarke of the University of Cali
fornia, and we here represent that there are
now in said counties of El Dorado, Placer and
Sacramento some thousands of acres of unculti
vated land, some of which is used for pasture,
owned by private parties, which are present
breeding places of said pests, and by the burn
ing of said uncultivated land the grasshoppers
will be greatly diminished in numbers, and the
infested conditions of said counties, as well as
of other portions of the State, will be greatly
relieved.
That a large portion of th£ farming and
fruit-growing- lands of the State, particularly
in the counties of El Dorado, Placer and Sacra
mento, is now seriously Invaded by grasshop
pers, and the situation is growing daily so
grave as to threaten the destruction of orchards
and vineyards of said counties as well as of
other counties of the State, and the danger is
imminent, grave and far reaching In its con
sequence.
Sir — The undersigned Commissioners of the
State Board of Horticulture respectfully repre-
The communication sent to the Gov
ernor by the State Board of Horticulture
follows: * !
SACRAMENTO. June 10, 1902.
Hon. Henry T. Gage, Governor of the State of
California.
That the strongest po'ssible preventive
against further damage by the pest is ex
tremely urgent is shown by the expedi
tion with* which the matter has been
brought before the Governor by scien
tists and the means suggested to him for
the radical extermination of the grass
hopper. ¦
BREEDING PLACES OF PESTS.
The expression given, however, by At
torney General Ford that he has no
doubt that compensation will be awarded
to those who must suffer by the fires will
have the effect of gaining ready and vol
untary consent to that course being
adoDted.
Many owners in Placer and El Dorado
counties have not taken kindly to the
proposal to burn over their land, even
though It would.be the means of prevent
is'g the spread of the plague which has
threatened most costly and serious re
sults.
The State Board of Horticulture has
been made aware almost daily of the
alarming inroads made by the pest, and,
noting the danger of devastation to the
vineyards and orchards, took urgent steps
after receiving the opinion of the Attor
ney General to seek executive aid.
The Attorney General said last night
that he . had no doubt the • Legislature
would make an appropriation to pay for
any property necessarily destroyed.
A CONFERENCE was held at the
Palace Hotel yesterday between
the State Board of Horticultural
Commissioners and M. J. Dill
man, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors of Sacramento County, for
the purpose of reaching some understand
ing relative to the measures necessary to
effectively fight the grasshopper plague.
Governor Gage, Professor Woodworth
and Warren T. Clarke of the Agricultural
College were also present, and the serious
situation occasioned by the invasion of
Placer, Sacramento, Madera, Tulare, San
Bernardino and San Diego counties by
grasshoppers was thoroughly discussed.
"Lyon was arrested at my instieatJnn
Our bank is amply protected anc^ I witl not
lose one dollar as a result of Lvon's nT
formance. Sheriff Wells will be hire In
the morning to take him back Lyon has
confessed his guilt to me "
Former President of a Washington
Institution Accused of Misap
propriating Money.
SPOKANE, Wash.. June 19.-Charles H "
Lyon, until Tuesday president of the
I-irst National Bank of Mount Vernon
Wash., is in Jail here on a charge of mis
appropriating $6000 of the bank-s money.
Lyon was arrested this morning in • the
bank of the Spokane. and Eastern Trust
Company at the instigation of Judge E
C. Million, who has been elected his suc
cessor as president of the bank. Lyon i
was negotiating for the purchase of the !
Spokane and Eastern Trust Company's
branch bank at Moscow, Idaho, when he
was arrested. Judge Million says that
Lyon confessed his alleged crime to him.
yesterday morning, and that he is per
fectly willing to return to Mount Vernon.
Lyon came to Mount Vernon about four
months ago and purchased the controll
ing interest in the bank there from
Charles Clary, its president. Upon Lyon's
purchase of the stock he was made presi
dent of the. bank, and the old board of di
rectors, with the exception of Clary, was
retained. Lyon remained in Mount Ver
noi. about a month and was making
ostensible arrangements to bring his
family to the place. About three months
ago Lyon notified his associates in the
bank that he was going back to Boston to
close up his offices there and bring hia
family on. Nothing but brief letters were
received from Lyon. during his absence,
until last Monday morning, when the maii
brought a draft drawn uy Lyon for $6000
on the bank's -.New York correspondent
™ T , h t draft w f l d^ awn on a »ttte town in
Oklahoma and had been paid by the New
York bank. It wa.s a customer's draft
and was signed by Lyon as president of
said^o°-'night! ernOn JUdse Mlllion
BANKER IS ARRESTED
ON A SERIOUS CHARGE
. MODESTO, June, 19.— Millions of grass
hoppers have made their appearance In
this county. The principal place afflicted
is La Grange, thirty miles east of Modesto
in the Sierra Nevada foothills. Antone J.
Cardoza reports that the leaves of hi3
entire orange and lemon orchard have
been stripped, and others report similar
disaster. On the northern outskirts H A
Bates last evening discovered Swarms' of
passhoppers in his alfalfa fields, devour
ing all the green leaves. These grasshop
pers are apparently quite young as they
have the appearance of having just been
hatched. -
"Hoppers" Strip the Trees.
Dear Sir: You are hereby authorized
and instructed to proceed, in companv
with Professors C. W. Woodworth and
Warren T. Clarke of the California
State university, to Inspect the lands In Placer.
Sacramento and El Dorado counties infested bv
grasshoppers and to enter into agreement with
the owners of said lands, is accordance with
the terif_3 set forth in the communication this
day received from his Excellency Governor H.
T. Gase. ¦ Yours truly,
„. , :¦"'„¦ R- D. STEPHENS, ¦
Chairman Executive Committee State Board of
Horticulture.
I hope further that the owners of private land
so Infested, In view of the Impending peril to
the fruit and other Interests of the State, will
as public spirited citizens cheerfully give their
consent to the imperative necessity of the burn-'
ing of the pasture on their lands, askine only
the most reasonable compensation therefor.
Yours very truly,
HENRY T. GAGE, Governor.
Commissioner Stephens thereupon made
the following order:
SACRAMENTO, June 19
J. J. Keegan, Secretary of the State Board of
Horticulture.
I trust that in view of the grave situation
the Supervisors and Horticultural Commission
ers of the several infested counties will take
Immediate action and use the most stringent
measures to assist your honorable board In your
laudable efforts to avert this great threatened
public calamity.
Gentlemen : In answer to your representa
tion this day made, wherein it appears that
certain lands within the counties of El Do
rado. Placer and Sacramento are greatly af
lected by the grasshopper pest, and that the
pest is increasit? ana threatens to destroy a
considerable portion of the products of the
State, and it further appears that the danger
is imminent and grave and far-reaching in its
consequences and that by burning certain pas
tures within this Ssate the calamity may be
avoided; in view of this condition and in or
der to avert such menacing public calamity,
I assure you that I will recommend to the next
Legislature that a proper appropriation be
passed for the benefit, of those private owners
in said counties of El Dorado, Sacramento and
.Placer, who shall consent to the damage to
their land; provided, however, that In no event
shall the amount of such appropriation exceed
$10,000, amount' being the excess sum fcs
timated by Professors C. W. Woodwcrth and
Warren T. Clarke of the University of Califor
nia, and provided further that such arrange
ments for compensation to the owners of the
damaged land shall be made only by the State
Board of Horticultural Commisioners; that the
grass on said lands shall be burned by author
ity of said Board of Horticultural Commission
ers under the immediate advice and direction
of said Professors Woodworth and Clarke, and
that under no circumstances is It to be under
stood or Intended that any crops or pasturage
on said land shall be burned or other property
damaged except by express agreement between
the private owners thereof and said State Board
of Horticulture.
The Governor replied:
SACRAMENTO, June 13.
Hon. Russ D. Stephens and Hon. H. Wein
stock. State Board of Horticultural Commis
sioners.
THE GOVERNOR'S REPLY.
worth and Clarke to avert as far as possible
the present calamity.
Very respectfully,
R. D. STEPHENS,
Commissioner State Board of Horticulture.
H. WEINSTOCK,
Commissioner State Board of Horticulture.
We join In the above petition:
C. W. W00DW0RTH.
Entomologist Agricultural Experiment Sta
• tlon, University of California.
- • ¦ . 5 WARREN T. CLARKE,
Assistant Entomologist Agricultural Experi
ment Station, University, of California.
. M. J. DILLMAN, . J
Chairman Board of Supervisors, Sacramentp
County. .
N. S. Mullen Is Appointed His
Successor as Assistant
Manager.
Utah Press Association Is
Due to Arrive on
¦/:¦¦ .Sunday.
BACKED by the opinion of the Attorney General and the.au
thority of the Governor the State Board of Horticulture has
given orders to fight the grasshopper plague with fire, the only
weapon by which the progress of the pests can be stayed and the rich
crops of the fanners of California saved from destruction.
Climatological Society
Members En Route
\ Here.
George B. Warren Sev
ers Connection With
the Palace.
MANY DOCTORS
HEAD FOR CITY
HOTEL CLERKS
ARE PROMOTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, JUNE '20, 1902.
Thousands of Acres to Be Burned Over,
With View of Killing Tyrant Pest.
FIRE IS THE ONLY MEANS
OF ERADICATING 'HOPPERS
7
OCTRATT STEAMEBS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
5^ Steamers leava Saa S"r*a-
W^j. ciaco aa follows:
WSk«£&: For Ketchilcan. Junsau.
!g*^3S>»». £ k *S w ay. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
KfT^^a rn.. June 15. 20. 25. 30. July
: P-gySa Vva B > 10 - 15 - Chanee to cora-
; fcBSirV^I^ai pany"a steamers at Seattle.
i f^wtwiw For Victoria. Vancouver.
"*" Tort TownsenJ, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom—
11 a. m.. June 15. 20. 25, 30. July 8. 10, 15.
Char.se at Seattle to thts Company's steamer*
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. RV-J *t Vancouver totP. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 9. m..
June 16, 2L 26. July 1. 6. 1L 16.
For. Lc* Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Sants Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. » a. ««.
State of California. Thursday. » •• m.
For Lo« Angeles {via San Pedro and East
San P*dro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Karford (San
Luis ObisDo). Ventura. Huenexne- and •Newport
(•Corona only). :-¦ - :
Corona, June 19. 27. July 8. 13.
Coos Bay, !> a. in.. Juno 13. 23, July 1. 3.
Bonita, 9 a. dl. June 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jow del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
P^ICKjL"r OFFICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUIJANN. On. Passenger Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
• ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND. Or..
And Short Rail Lino From Portland to \\\
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail. 3&
IiOTVBST ZCA-rrBS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 22. July 2. 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 27,. July T, 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear-st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S.F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana d3 Vaporss
To ValDaraiso. stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. cierlO. 12 m.
AREQUIPA.—July ljGUATEMALA. Aug. ,11
TUCAPEL July ISiPALENA Aug. 30
These ateamera are built exsressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger sen- ice.
(No change at AcaDulco or Panama.) Freight
and pasgeruter office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GtrTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
nceanics 5X6, sssSS
SsTaLAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. June 21, 2 p. m.
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and I Sydney.-.. Tnureday. July 3. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. ... .. .... ...<• ....
.....Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. nx.
I. P. "sPEiciks 4 BEOS.ca, Garcial ass., 329 Marfcr
Gen'i pass, dcs. 643 itaifat si. Pft Hi 7. M3; sl
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
Steamer; GEN. FRISBIE op MQHT1CELL0
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun*
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m., except
Sunday*' Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:13 p. in. Far* 5J
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing aaj
office, pier Z. MlMhia-street dock. HATCiJ
BROS - - .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
n A cd E?f9 SreV) £*?£j Cove A Eia «gny l %£i
a visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
4MUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
& CgS lP51UmiTST.frt6th*7&,S.r.Cil. i
\ jCf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m **sfe** World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
" CsSSSW *sease po»lt»w«ly cured hy the oldest T
Q JSQl Specialist on the Coast. Ejl 36 years. ©
I fiflff 8 DR * JSRDAH-DISEASES OF MEN Q
\ ffSyW^fi Consultation free and strictly prime. \
W a Mglb Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
\ a ]w 'S 8 JPo'itive Cure in every case undertaken. ?
Aft! HA Write r« Book. PBILOSOPBY ef A
Y » J |l« hahriace:. mailed free. (a.Y
JL |J |l valuable book for mm) * \
" DR. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. P. 9
FAVORITE
SCftlPTION
fc R WEAK WOMEN. |
OCEAN STEAMEBS.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 at 1 p. in.,
lor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Balling.
BS. HONGKONG MARU.
Saturday. June 28. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU Thursday. July 24, 1903
BS. AMERICA MARU
; Saturday. August 16, 1903
. Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company* a office.
421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
C0MPAGNI3 GENERALS TBAHSATLAOTIQUS.
UIKKCT LINE TO HAVRJS-PAiUS. ,.^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <jCls2»
Eaturday. at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. * twgg
North River.' foot of Mortoa street.
First class to Havre. $10 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson .building). New
York. J. F. FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific . Ctoa«t
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Raiload . Ticket Agents.
AMERICAN LINE.
: NEW YORK,- SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
Kensington. July 1. 2pm|Phlla July 9,10am
St. Louis. July 2. lOamlSt. Paul. July 16, 10am
RED STAR LINE.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kroonlnd..June 2S.noan|Friesland..July 12.nooa
Zeeland July 6. noonl Vaderiand. July ld.nooa
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO,r: •-'
, CHAS. D. TAYLOR,G.A.P.C.,30 MontgonVy St.
. v - AMUSEMENTS.
A BIG NEW SH0W1
Eleanor Falk and Her Chorus of 10
Girls; Bedini and Arthur; Loris
and Altina; Swan and Bambers? 1 ,
nnd the Biograph. Last times of
the Twin Sisters Meredith; Cush-
inan, Solconibe • and Curtis; How-
nrd Chambers and Barton and
Ashley.
neserv-ed seats. 25c; bsUcony. 10c; box 6eats
Bni oprera chairs. 50c.
FPrxiAL' SATURDAY, at 12:15 r> m
£5^ BEDIXI. of Bediri and Arthur Wiii
vi££ * Tu ml J?, Dro^l :>e d from the Fifteenth
r^^^ffraogsr^ 5 Bullding on a
EVENIXGS AT S SHARP!
6OCVEXIR TOY MATIXEB SATURDAY at 2
SHARP'.
OXLY A FEW MORE TIMES.
GET IX LINE BEFORE TOO LATE.
"THE TOY MAKER."
ESIXG THE CHILDREN TO GET TOYS ON
SATURDAY.
MONDAT. June 23— The ' Record Breaker.
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
(HOOT MON!)
POPULAR PRICES 25e, 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush — 9.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
MAUDE FEALY
EDWARD. MORGAN
In the Most Magnificent Production o"
""ROMEO AND JULIET"
EVER SEEN ON ANY STAGE.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c
Next Week— MAUDE FEALT and EDWARD
MORGAX, in "THE TWO ORPHANS."
Charles Prohman Presents
HENRY MILLER,
MARGARET ANGLIN
And a SPECIAL COMPANY.
Last 2 Nichts— Matinee Saturday.
A. W. Pinero's Comedietta In Four Acts,
"TRELAWNY OF THE WELLS."
BEGIXXE\'G NEXT MONDAY
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
HENRY MILLER, MARGARET ANGLIN
And SPECIAL COMPAXY in
Arthur W. Pinero's Four-act Comedy,
THE GAY LORD QTJEX.
After Its Successful Run of 400 Nights in London.
| SEATS NOW SELLING.
LAST TIMES— THIS WEEK— MATINEE
SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES h'EILL AND COMPANY IN
.-. CAPTAIN^SWiFT .-.
NextSimday Evening, IN I QBE.
1 Illir^^AT. Thursday— 25c, 50c7]
Special Engagement, Sunday Evening, June 29.
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
And Hi* Excellent Company of Players,
Presenting a Magnificent Scenic Production of
•FRANCESCA DA RIMINI."
Seats ready Thursday, June 26, 9 a. tn.
OND WEEK7 CROWDED
Z AS NEVER BEFORE.
EVENING. 8:10. MATIXEES, 2:10.
JIATINZE TO-M0HE,0W.
A GOOD RESERVED SEAT. 25c.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
EuDuorted by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In David BelKsco's Great Play,
Z/\ZJ\.
Peats Now Ready for 4th JULY MATIXEE.
Seat* ICow S^llint for This and Xext WeeK.
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATDiKB TO-MORROW AXD SUNDAY.
The Best Farce Comedy of Them All, •
MY AUNT
BRIDGET
An Ever.1r.jr) of Genuine Unadulterated Fun.
NOVEL AND UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
1 DirCC- Evenings 10c to 50c
I BIU-LO- Matinees: 10c. 15c. 25c
XEXT WEEK— THE RIG MELODRAMA,
"THE ROAD TO RUIN."
Fischer's Theater.
WILL ~T~ THE
YOU SOUVENIR
REMEMBER I PERFORMANCE
Commemorating the ONE HUNDREDTH
TIME of
FIDDLE DEE DEE
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT?
Seats are now on sale. Come -early and don't
have to stand up.
Matinee to-morrow. 25 cents, and Sunday tlic
came.
ChiJdren at Matinees, 10c.
NIGHT PRICES .'. 25c and 50c
™S CHUTES!
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING.
KELLY AND KENT: MURPHY AND
SLATER; EDYTHE TILDEN; NELLIE
MONTGOMERY; HID BAXTER; ROMANY
TRIO. AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Daily and Nightly! Don't Fail to See
HARDY DOWNING LOOP THE LOOP
THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY.
TO-NIGHT! Grand Celebration of
SEOL01A PARLOR, No. 160, N. S. G. W.
Admission 10c Children 5e
Phone lor Seats — Park 23.
BASEBALL.
LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. 3:15
P. M. SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO^ LOS ANGELES
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison etc.
Advance Sale cf Seats, 0 Stockton ct.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[Good enough
| tAll Havana Filler
| •' FLORODORA " BANDS art
i cf same value as tags from
| "STAR." "HORSE SHOE."
1 "SPEARHEAD." " STANDARD NAVY."
| •' OLD PEACH & HONEY."
1 " SA WLOC." " OLE VARCINY"
I or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
\}<x\in£± Desirable location.
1 dl(X VW unsurpassed ¦ cuisine,
un equaled ser-
02 ft A v ' cc ? nc * modern
Uliil conveniences are the
attributes that have
firnrtA niade these two ho-
U id II 11 tels popular with
tourists and travel-
Hotels > r Ana s h co. vUit San
¦ ; .
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a.m. to 11 p. m..
- Batbfi:s from 1 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
•ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20a '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Send for a sample of Mel-
linV Food . and our book,
"Tlie Care and Feeding of
Infants." The book tells
you how to use Mellin's
Food. It also has valuable
information in regard to
the nursery.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
and enjoy tKe comforts- lllPip
oFzu. well-aq>ponYte<}^ 1/ f)
Kome &r\d tKe con.- ]| %
venieivces oFa. fashion-
able Club * V Office
_ 641 - Mao-ket- SV.
Chfcapo in. three days
I Specialists 0
Strictly Reliable. I
Dr. Talcott & Co.
11<4O Market &5t. I
Orroslte Hale's. if
NOT A DOLLAR TO BE PAID UNTIL A t.
CURB IS EFFECTED. 6
9. — «•— ; — -«»LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat — July. Sept.
Opening 6 10% 6 lty
Closing 5 11 6 I**
PARIS.
Wheat — July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 2:5 20 2120
Closing 23 65 2135 -
Flour —
Opening ' 29 65 27 95 .
Closing 30 10 .• 28 15
¦ . ¦ \ ¦
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 19..— '•Cotton open* firm,
With prices 3 to 7 points higher and^close«
steady and net 8 to 13 points higher. ' v
¦
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 19.— Prices for tin at
New York were >4c lower,; closing with spot
at $28 25@2S 75. This decline was largely due
to a decline of 15s at London, that market
being influenced by liberal offerings from Far
Eastern markct3. London closed with spot at
£126 5s and futures at £121.
Copper was dull and easy here, while London
was 15s higher, closing with spot at £53 10<j
'and futures at £53 las. New York closed with
standard, spot to August at $11 60@ll SO. lake
*, 12 o°°® 12 40> cle ctrolytic and casting, $11 95
Lead showed no change from previous quota
tions of 414c, London also remained at former
quotations of £11 5s.
Spelter was unchanged all around, with Lon
don at £18 15s and New York at 4«ic
Local Iron prices were unchanged with the
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, from Brent
15(g20c per doz; from Winters, $1@1 50 per
sack; Asparagus, 75c@$2 25 prr box: Rhubarb
50c@$l per box; Green Peas. $1@1 25 per sack
for common, and' $1 60@2 for garden; String
Beans. I 1 / 4@2%c per lb and l^@3^c for Wax;
Refugee Beans. 3c per lb; Cabbages, 90c@$l
per ctl :f California Tomatoes. C0c@$l per box or
crate; Mississippi, $l@l 25' per crate;Dried Pep
pers, 10@llc per lb:Carrots. $1 per sack;Cucum
bers from Marysvllle, $1 25 per box; bay, $2 50
per large, box; Hothouse do, 25© 50c per dozen*
Garlic, 2@3c for new; Los Angeles Green
Peppers, S@10c; Stockton. do. — ; Mexican do,
S@10c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, S@10c:
Summer Squash, 40@»S5e for small boxes and
$1 25@1 50 for large ;¦ Marrowfat Squash, $15
@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15020.
ONIONS — Australian. $2@2 25. second hands-
Silversklns, 75c@$l; a*w Red, 50@60o per sack;
White lc per lb. ...
POTATOES — New Early Rose, ¦ 75c@51 In
boxes and 65tfJ90c In sacks; Burbanks In boxes.
60c@$l 00 with some fancy higher; sacks 65c
(S$l 25; Garnet Chiles. Sl@110; old Burbanks
75ci??$l 25: Sweets, $2 50 for Merced. V
Tomatoes were in free supply, but as the
demand was slack, the market continued to
weaken. Mississippi sold very slowly. Cu
cumbers were firmer under light receipts. Peas
and Beans moved off well. Other vegetables
showed little variation.
Receipts of Onions were light, but there was
no shortage of supplies as large quantities were
carried over from the preceding day.
Receipts of Potatoes were heavy and the
market continued dull at unchanged prices.
There was a lot of poor stock received from
the river that was hard to sell at any price.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The feeling In Beans is sttady and whites are
firm. The demand, however, is slack, and the
market is tame.
BEANS — Bayos. $3@3 10; small White, $2 40
©2 50; large White. $2 40@2 50: Pea. $3 25®
3 50: Pink. $2@2 15; Red. ?2 60; Blackeye,
$5@5 10; Llmas, .$3 60@3 75: Red Kidneys,
$3 5003 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry 3}4c for Eastern;. Alfalfa from Utah, 10%^
lUic; California, 10@10 J ,ic; Rape. l%@2Vic;
Hemp, 3Vi per lb. ¦ ,
- DRIED PEAS — Niles. $1 75@2; Green, . $1 40
@1 05; Blackeye, $1 75@2.
Beans and Seeds.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, June 19. — There was quite an
animated shaking out of speculative accounts
In to-day's stock market and a sharp reaction
from the recent prolonged advance. It became
evident soon after the opening this morning
that the real culmination of the rise had 00
curred yesterday. The leading speculative in
terests in the market apparently took advant
age of the stimulating effect of yesterday'))
excited rise In Illinois Central to take profits.
This morning: there were 6ome operations that
seemed to represent continued efforts to ad
vance the market by one or two of the im
portant speculative parties whose Joint efforts
have induced the iate rise. But the effective
support of the principal speculative interest
was lacking and the professional traders were
able to detect sales to take profits for that
account. They needed no other invitation to
turn aggressively to the bear side and sold the
list throughout with great freedom. Prices
rave way readily and fell on an average of
ficm one to two points below last night's
level. The bears were so precipitate In their
selling that they were obliged to bid quite
urgently for etocks when they came to take
profits, causing ecme good rallies. With the
demand from shorts satisfied, the market yield
ed again and closed dull and irregular. The
whole movement was technical and was as
little affected by news of the day as the pre
vious advance had been. The activity of the
bears was evident In the circulation of alarm
ist rumors afterward denied. One was that
J. P. Morgan was seriously 111. Another was
that a fresh judicial decision had been ren
dered against the United States Steel bond
issue. The earlier weakness was confined to
stocks which have been favorites during the
bull campaign, but active selling of United
States Steel developed under the Inlluence of
these rumors and carried, that stock down 1%
below last night. The long continued rise in
stocks has made the professionals alert for
signs of reaction, which was considered over
due. The short selling from time to time has
encouraged the bulls to extend the advance and
force covering. A large portion of this short
account was forced out in yesterday's Jump in
prices, adding to the technical weakness of the
market to-day. The stirring of Interest by out
siders, which was first manifest yesterday also
facilitated the profit- taking by the Insiders in
the bull campaign. There was no unfavorable
news to-day which has not been under dis
cussion for some time past. But In the changed
sentiment of the speculation, additional con
sideration Is. given by the national convention
of the coal miners and the effort to bring
about a general strike. The too-abundant rains
where wheat harvesting is In progress and the
continued drought in Texas also received more
attention than hitherto. Sterling exchange wa*
still Dim here and declined at Paris both
movements tending to increase the pressure on
• - - . .
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 74'/(;@74%c; No.
2 red, 79@80c; No. 2 yellow, «5%c; No. 2
oats. 42W-@43c; No. 2 white, 47M|C; No. 3
white. 47%c; No. 2 rye, 58c; fair to choice
malting, t>7@70c; No. 1 flaxseed, $154; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 75; prime timothy seed,
§6; mess pork, per barrel, $17 80017 90; lard,
per 100 pounds, $10 32>£: short ribs sides
(loose), $10 47%@10 70; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 8%@9c; short clear eldes (boxed),
$11 15011 25; whisky, basis of high-' wines,
$1 30: clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11.000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 57,000 32,000
Corn, bushels 190,000 108,000
Oats, bushels 179,000 • 267,000
Rye, bushels 1,000 -
Barley, .bushels 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creameries. 18<9>21%c; dair
ies, 17@19>£c. Cheese, steady, 10@llc. Eggs,
firm; fresh. I5 1^c.
HOPS — 12@12' / 4c for fair and 13@14c per>lb
for good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop betas
drawn at 13@14c.
WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Hendoclno.
1G@1Sc: Northern free, 14@16c; do. defective
13@14c; Middle County free. 13@15c; do, de
fective, 12@l3c: Southern, 12 months. 9<310e
do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c: Neva
da, 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine. 15@16c; do
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands aell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides,
9^c for heavy and 0c for- light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal 0^c; Salted Calf
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Cull's, 14@15c; Dry
Kip, ll@13c; Dry Calf, lGQISc; Culls and
•Brands. 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@
30c each; short wool, 40@60c each; medium,
65@75c; long Wool. 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 50 for medium.
$1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. 'Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can, 25c; dry Central American, 32 %c. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
60c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5&@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4Vt>@5c; grease. 2%®3Vic
The local Hide and Leather trade say that
they do not understand the present market.
Leather is dull, while Hides are active and
firm. This condition, they say. If continued,
will sooner or later lead to an overstocked
Leather market. Still the condition exists,
whether It be normal or abnormal.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 12%c; 10-lb tins. ISHc; 5-lb tins. 1394c:
3-lb tins. 13}4c.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; cne tierce 10%c; two
tierces. 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
This market continues dull and unchanged,
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12^@13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium. 14^c for light,
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15c; Cali
fornia Hams, 14@14>^c; Mess Beef. $10 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 50@ll: Family, $11 60@12
prime Mess Pork, $15<gl5 50; extra clear. $23;
Mess, $18 50019; Dry Salt Pork, 12V4c; Pig
Perk, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13M>@14c per pound.
Chicago was rather higher on the day. The
market, though well supported by the packers,
was dull, as the goods are considered too high
to buy.
Provisions.
San Francisco temperature 1 a. m., SO degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. "
The pressure has fallen steadily along the
coast from Point Conception northward and has
risen rapidly over Idaho and Montana. Warm
weather continues in the great valleys of Cali
fornia, and from Fresno to Red Bluff the tem
peratures are 12 degrees or more above the
normal. Maximum temperatures exceeding 100
degrees arc reported generally In the interior.
Along the coast of California from Point Sur
northward dense fog prevails close' to the
water.
Over Northern Oregon and Washington there
has been a rapid rise, in temperature.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 20:
Northern California— Fair Friday, with very
warm weathar In the Interior, cool weather on
the coast: light northerly winds inland, brisk
westerly winds with fog on the coast. :
Southern California — Fair Frlda>, except
cloudy along the coast:, fresh westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Friday; continued warm.
, San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday,
with fog In the morning and at night: light
southerly, changing to brisk westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
• Forecast Official.
FRUIT AND WEATHER BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p, m.,
120th Meridian time, San Francisco, ' June 19,
1902:
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Holllster^ — Apricots throughout the country
light.
Willows-^-Wheat turning out well.
Hanford — Fruit crop doing nicely, and ripen
ing rapidly; very large crop.
King City — Strong, cool afternoon wind> lim
ited acreage fruit good condition; seeds getting
dry.
Chico— Large crop peaches and plums; fair
crop pears.
Newman — Conditions unchanged.
Merced — Wheat harvest commenced.
Ventura — Good srowlng weather; no grass
hoppers in this eectlon.
Palermo — Apricots ripening rapidly; weather
favorable for drying.
Colusa — Grain crop good; condition continued
favorable for both grain and fruit.
Livermore — Fruit ripening; apricot crop will
be heavy in places.
Santa Maria — Morning foggy, cool; favorable
for wheat and beans.
San Jose — Fruit and grain crops doing excel
lently: fruit fine quality.' .
Napa — Apricots and pears medium crop.
Cloverdale — Hermitage farm reports young
tobacco plants doing remarkably fine.
Santa Rosa — Fruit conditions unchanged;
hops promising. A. G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Mall advices from New York say: "In
raisins a slightly firmer disposition is noted
lor eeeded In 1-lb cartons. Fancy is quoted at
fc»,ic for coast and Eastern pack and SUc for
rhoice. l>oose 5-ciown grade is scarce and
effers at 6«ic. A fair interest in shown on both
eeeded and loose. Stocks of Valencias are light
and 8'-c is quoted. In prunes spot stocks are
a Ehade more firmly held on Santa Claras large
eizes. Domestic Jobbing business is light, but
tome Inquiry for export account is heard ol m
sizes 40-r.Os 60-7Os and 70-SOs in 25 and 50 lb
boxes Reports from the other side indicate
continued scarcity of email early fruits, and
good prospective demand for prunes. Holders
on the coast quote 3c four size basis on 1901
crep and 2 7 ic on 1900 crop. Some business for
export direct is also reported. We hear of a
little buying lor account of exporters here.
On 1902 "crop the price of 2^0 f. o. b. Santa
Claras four size basis is not attracting buy
ing interest from this market. A price of 2VsC
Client attract business. A price of 2?*c four
sizes basis f. o. b. the coast has been made by
one packer on 50-OOs and e0-90s. with sales
vi a few carloads reported. The low price ha«
net been made on 40-50s. Spot apricots and
peaches are held fairly steady and move in
Jobbing lots. New crop apricots are offering
at C\ifi for choice Royals. Vacaville fruit, in
15-lb' boxes, f. o. b. It is intimated that this
figvre can foe shaded. We hear of no local
buying. Future peaches are without special
interest. In nuts Brazils show firmness and
are in fair request. Spot shelled almonds are
etrcng-er in svmpathy with stronger advices
from the other elde. "Walnuts are in a little
better request and sales are heard of in a
email way at Inside figures. Filberts are steady
end somewhat firmer. A cable quotes the
equivalent of fe'£c on Naples round new crop
and 10c on long for October shipment.
"A private letter from the coast to-day, dis
cussing the situation on new crop prunes,
•stated that the Santa Clara prune crop would
be medium to light. Sonoma crop fair and
Ben Joaquin crop heavy.
"Business in 15*02 crop prunes Is reported on
the 2'-c f.:ur-sSze bas-is f. o. b. the coast in
bags on .'o-OOs and 00- 100s Santa Claras. On
this basis a few carloads have been sold.
The teller has not made a price on 40-50s.
Sales were made for October shipment."
The Business Outlook.
THE SITUATION AS SEEN THROUGH
WALL-STREET EYES.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The crop situation as a whole is very en
couraging. In spite cf the reduction of wheat
acreage the present outlook is for a crop of
about 040.000,000 bushels. This is more than
lOO.OQO.OfK) de-crease compared with the crop
of 1U01; but last year was a banner year, and
the prospect Is that we shall have a wheat
crop that has been exceeded only onc«; that
was by the crcp of 1898, when the total yield
was «75,OO0.O0o. Nothing is yet definitely
known concerning the corn crop, though a
larger acreage is considered Inevitable in view
of recent high prices, and a second failure such
ms last year is beyond all reasonable probabili
ties. So the country seems fairly assured of
ample wheat and corn crops. The same Is true
cf cotton, in which the slightly increased acre
age and Improved conditions suggest a some
what larger crop than the last one. If these
three Important crops turn out well we may
be assured of another season of good business
In the South and West. A good surplus for
export Is highly desirable, as the recent ten
dency of our foreign trade has been toward
decreased exports and diminished trade bal
ances; and It would be much more convenient
for us to ship corn, cotton and wheat next
winter than gold, of which we may have plenty,
but which it Is desirable to retain if we are
to preserve easy money rates.
"The industrial outlook Is somewhat con
fused by the aggressive attitude of labor, which
if cot moderated is likely to check enterprise,
for even present abnormal activity cannot con
tinve indefinitely to face increased cost of
production. If costs are pushed much higher
we shall unquestionably see an enforced cur
tailment of both production and consumption
that would in the end react most seriously upon
labor itself. With more steadiness in the labor
situation there is good reason to hope for
another year of satisfactory business. In the
money market there Is practically no change.
Closer rates may be temporarily expected pre
vious to the July disbursements, but easy
rates will generally prevail until crop de
mands begin. The situation will be addition
ally relieved by the abolishment of war taxes
after July 1, which have tended to unneces
sarily lode up funds in the Treasury. Bank
loans throughout the country etill show largo
expansion, chiefly the result of borrowing by
etrocg eyndicatea and others. Some contrac
tion has recently taken place, and the char
acter cf torrowirig; explains the absence of un
easiness at la-ge expansion. The fart that the
banks are well loaned up act* as a powerful
restraint upon the promotion of undesirable
•cherries, cf which there would b« an uncom
fortable array were It not for the increased
difficulty of* financing such schemes imposed bv
b&nkers. There i> etill an ample supply of
funds for all legitimate purposes.
"Conditions are thus favorable for a good
trading market for some weeks to come. There
U no material fcr a bear campaign, and a bull
eamptlim would be rather difficult to inaugu
rate until the big leaders are agreed and the
public ehowe a sharper appetite f cr stocks,
which It is very likely to do after sufficient
reet. Already there Is an improving investment
demand for good securities, which promisee
better things when the time is ripe for action.
In many respects the market position Is bet
ter than at any time since President McICln
ley's death: end the same powers are stli!
under the market which sustained It then and
have persistently supported It ever since.
When the public appelUe for speculation re
vives, when funds now locked up In syndicate
operations are released, when some of the
deals now !n the air approach consummation,
¦wlien the crcp outlook becomes more certain,
¦when labor moderates He demands, we may
Jook fcr a revival of confidence and general Im
provemert. Meanwhile, cood stocks bought on
recessions are likely to afford a profit if sold
on the moderate railica, the outlook being, as
eaid above, favorable to a rood trading mar
ket." t
Weather Report.
'120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 19— 5 p. m.
HONEY— Comb, l!@12Cfor bright and 9@llc
for llsht amberr^ water white extracted, 5%i
5%c: licht'amber extracted, 4@4y.c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%<S29c per lb.
FRUITS — New Apricots, July delivery, 6@
G%c: old Apricots. 8Vi@9c for Royals and 10
@i;;c for standard to fancy Moorparks ; Evapo
rated Apples, 10@lliic; sun dried, 6#7c;
Peaches, 6Vi©SV»c; Pears. 6®9c; Plums, pitted.
5*j6V-'-c: unpltted. l 1 / i©2^c; Nectarines. 5Vi@tic
for red and 5Ms@6c for white; figs, 3%!&i4^c
for black and 5»4@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
S0-40s, btt@Ovic; 40-uCs, 5@5%c; 50-60s, 4%@
4-74c; C0-70s, 4@4>4c; 70-SOs, 3%@3»4c; 80-OOs,
3iJio»4c; 90-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c: 2-crown,
7^4c; Loose Muscatels, 5?ic for 4-croJjrn and
5V»c for seedless: 3-crown, 6c; 2-crowf/ 5%c;
London Layers. ?1 CO per box.
NUTS — Walnut?. No. 1. softshell, ll@ll%c;
No. 2, 0@7c: Ki'. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2,
7c; Almonds, 10 Vi Si 12c for papershell, 9@10c
for softshell and U^r7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
B@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12131121^0; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50(55- '
The New York market rules steady, as ¦will
bo seen in the first column. All current quo
tations for Prunes and Peaches for future de
livery are mere guesswork, as it Is too early
in • the : season for prices on either. There ia
no talk at all of Pears yet. Some sales of
nttv Apricots at the quotations below are re
ported.
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins.
Stagnation continues on the local stock ex
changes, and the only noteworthy variation
yesterday was a further shrlnkags la Alaska
Packers to $157 75.
The Peerless Oil Company has declared divi
dends Nos. 3 and 4, of 6 cents per share each,
payable on July 1 and August 1. respectively.
The Trans-Alaska Company has levied an
assessment of $10 per share.
The Pacific Undertakers* Corporation has
levied an assessment of $1 per share.
The following' quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. :
Common stock, $23 62%@24 25; preferred.
$63 tJ2%@64 25; bonds, ?91@92 25; subscrip
tions, $101 75@102.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jun« 19—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BOND8.
Bid.Ask. 1 BMAsk.
<s qr coup..llO%11194 Is qr cp<new)135i.il38
4s qr reg....l00%110% Us qr coup... 10ZJil08
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oak W G 5s. 103% 105
Bay CPCT 53.108% — Oceanic S Ca. 97%100
C C G&E 5s.l05%106% Omnibus 6s.. — 129
Cal-st 5s 119 — Pac G Im 4s. 98% —
C Costa 5a... — 111% Pk & C H63.107V.110
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk & O R6s. — 123
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — —
IJeary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5a. — 100T4
H C&S 5%s.lO2 — SF & SJV3s.l22 123
Do 5s — — Sierra Cal 6a — 115
L Ang R 5a-118%119% B F at A to
LALCotte.103% — (19C9) 114 —
Do gtd 6s. — . — (1910) ....113 —
Do gtd 5s. 104 — S P of C 6s
1. A & P 53.103 — U905)Sr A. 106% —
Do lem 58.104% — (1905)Sr B.107& —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 12S^ (1906) — —
Do lem 5s.l20 121% (1912) ....120%-^
n r of c 6s. im; — s p of c 1st
Do 5s 121% — c gntd 5s. — _
N - Pac C 5s.ll0 — ) Do stmpd.110 111
NCR5s 112%— 6 P BrCal6s.l4O — -
N C R R 53.101 102 S V Wat 6S.111U112
Oak Gas 5s. 112 — Do 4s 2dm. 103
Oak Trn 6s.. 125 — Do 4s 3dm.l01%102
Do 1st c5s. 113^115 Stkn G&E 0s.lCO%101>4
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74% — Port Costa. . «3U 60
Marin Co ... 59 — Sprin? Val.. 89% 90%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3 — Pac L. Co... 43 50
Eqt G L Co. 3% 8% Sao E G&R. 89
Mutual E L. 4Vi 83» S F G & E. 44 44*;
OGL&H. — — SFGL Co. 6«4 5«J
Pac G Imp. 37% 39 Btkn G&E. 8 —7*
INSURANCE.
Firexn's Fnd. — — (-
BANKS. T
Am B & T.112% — First Natlonl —
Anglo-Cal ..83 90 ;L P & Ai...lCS%170
Bank of Cal.438%450 Mer Ex (Uq> 26 —
Cal Safe Dp.l22>« — Is F Natiqnl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS. \
German ...190a — Bav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sv.,340 890
Mutual Sav. 80 — lUnion Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U.530 — I .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — | Market 99%101
Geary •. — — iPrestdlo .... 30 —
POWDER.
Giant 69% — /,Vigorlt 8% z\
SUGAR. / ;¦;
Hana STi * IKllauea — 10
Hawaiian ..* — 40 |Makaweli ...23 —
Honokaa ... 10% ll%|Onomea .... 23% 24%
Hutchinson .12 — I Paauhau ... — 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pkrs.157%158% Pac A F A. 2%
Cal Fruit As. — 101 Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 909ilOO%|Par Paint... 23 "— ' :
Oceanic S Co — 25 |
Mornlns Session.
Board —
25 Spring Valley Water 90 00
Street —
10 S F Gaa & Electric Co 44 37%'
¦ Afternoon Session.
Board — • .
15 Alaska Packers' Association 155 73
60 Cal Wine Association 100 CO
30 Hutchinson S P Co (cash) i-» j<>«
$2000 Sac Elec Gas & Ry Ss 100 50
Street —
20 American Bank & Trust Co 112 53
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session..
Board —
100 Clairmont "....... "ft
200 Lien *"* 7%.
100 Sterling " 1 »»
500 Sterling (b 90) " 1 ?7.
100 Sterling i ™.,
Street— *
1000 Petroleum Center q»
Afternoon Session.
300 Home a
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the saipa »« ?».<. o -
Francisco Stock and Excnang^BoaVVes^r-
Morning Session
v:i si z?o cS" 1 n
SSSSSt&S:: S aSS?^ S
h$ SSI* . N ?r:: 4 o?| ™ ™T°?r' "
oAft t, , v A "ernoon Session/
fflaWtf'S! l\ S8Sar.::::a«
gSSS :::::: S BS3K:::. : 1
v CHICAGO, June 19. — Corn, though fairly
active for an ordinary day, dropped back into
second place-to-day. Wheat ruled uniformly
strong throughout the session. At the start
Paris cables showed rapid advances, spot being
as much as 3%c higher, while deferred futures
ehowed 3%c advance. There was talk' of
some deal on In Paris, but it must have been
of great proportions,- for it influenced ,-naterlai
upturns in flour. -Wet and cold weatherabroad
was talked of and some, traders were of the
opinion that French stocks of wheat were
about depleted. It takes 7,000.000 Jjushels
weekly to supply that country. This influence
was abetted by firmness in. Liverpool cables.
Wet weather here also had Its influence. There
'was rain in 'many aarts-of the winter wheat
country. • Kansas, where cutting Is now In
progress, reported muclv. moisture In the yield
and that a considerable, -Quantity .uf the har
vested-, wheat would hot. grade contract be
cause ol the dampness. This talk alarmed the
shorts. Covering started a good" upturn and
ptop-!os« orders were" met on the advance..
July opened -a shade to 3 ,s©lic higher at 72 %c
to 72V«c, dipped to 729> 1 ?ii2%c and then mount
ed-steadily to 7."J%c. Toward the close some
wheat came out for profits and July dipped a
trifle. The close, however, was strong, July
!5«lc.up at 73%c.
After some fair early strength shown in the
corn pit by reason of a desire of a few belated
shorts 1 to ccver, this pit assumed something of
a somnolent state. The feeling was still tense
and at times there were little excited Hurries.
Prices at «.ich times fluctuated somewhat er
laticallX. As the day . wore • on. . however, It
became 'apparent that the bull leaders were
letting the market care for Itself. July sold
between «6c and «5c, covered differences ©f %c
several times and closed easy, Vic down, at
C5Vic. \ ¦
Oats were dull land worked over a range of
only Vic. July Llosed %£»4ic up at 39%®
3D*4ci I
Provisions showed good strength and fair
activity. July i>ork closed 15c up, lard 12'/2@
15c up and ribs 15c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
There is nothing new to report. Feedstuffs
continue steady and hay is quiet at previous
prices. An occasional car of wheat hay, both
new and old *>ells slightly over the quotations.
BRAN— $18 50(019 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?21@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Bariey. $20@21 p«r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, f2o@2o; job
bing, $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20®21; Corn
Meal $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed, ?16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50
HA Y^— New Is selling as follows: Wheat,
$S@9.50; Volunteer Wild Oat. $6 5O@8; Alfalfa,
$9. Old is quoted as follows: \
Extra fine Wheat. ?12; fair to choice do,
$t> 50@ll DO; Wheat and Oat. $9@11 50; Oat,
ItiOlO 50; Alfalfa, nominal; Clover, $7@9; Vol
unteer ?0 60@S 50; Stock, $6<RS per ton.
STRAW — 10@50c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 COS
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon. $2 755T3 25 per barrel for famljy ana
$i,"@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', ?3@
3 50.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 1C0 lbs: Rye Flour, $3: Rye Meal.
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn meal, $3 25; extra
cream do. $-1; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy. $4§i
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 ."0@4 75; Cracked
AVheat, $."> 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole AVheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35<Jj9; in
sacks, $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
» Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Kegular Morning Session — December — 1CO0
ctls. 83%c.
Afternoon Session — December — 200 ctls, S-.%c.
OATS — The market continues rather steady
than otherwise, and dealers seem to be slow
ly raisins their asking prices for the new crop.
For choice new Red $t 20 was asked yesterday,
and a gooci lot sold at $1 lS : 'i. For the gen
eral run of new Ked $1 17 Vi Is about the mar
ket.. Offerings of old are considerably smaller
than of late. ¦ The demand for all descriptions
is light, however, -and not much interest is
shown by either sellers or buyers.
Old Grays, $1. 25@l 30; Whites. $1 30@l 25:
Milling. *1 :'.0@l 35; Black, $1 15@l 25; Red,
§1 lii@i 30 per ctl.
CORN — Dullness still prevails and quotations
remain without change.
Large Yellow. 551 4G@1 50; small round do.
$1 50*51.1 52%; White. $1 Soffll CO. .
. RYE— 85jiS7 1 ,ic per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — $2 25<&2 50 per ctl asked.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, -60 days.... — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — * S9Vi
New York Exchenge, sight — la
New Yfcrk Exchange, t?legraphic — li %
per ounce — **? ™
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4oVi
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Continues quiet . and featureless
everywhere. Foreign futures are higher and
firm.
There Is nothing new from Chicago, except
that the weather over the West continues wet,
so much so that cutting is being hampered.
In this macfeet the feeling was firm and
futures were slightly higher. Shipping wheat
stood the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 10@l 11H: milling,
$1 I5@l 17% per ctt. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 • o'clock— December—
16,000 etls. U 12%. . „„
Second session — December — J00O ctls, ?1 12%.
May— 2CC0. $ 15%. nnn
Regular /Morning Session — December — 12,000
ctls $1 13; 4000. $1 12% J May— 200O, $1 15%.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY — The market showed no further
change, being very steady at the recently im
proved prices, with meager spot stocks and a
good demand.
New Feed, 92i/>@'S05c: old Feed. 96U@9 ( %c;
brewing. 97 %c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked for
standard.
Dried Fruits in New York.
CITRUS FRlilTS-r-Navel Oranges, $2@4. ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings, «jOe@
$2 25; Mediterranean Sweets. $1 254p3; St.
Michaels, $l@3 50; Valenclas, |2 25@4; Tanger
ines, $1 50^ 1 75 in half-boxes; Lemons, $1 75
@4; Grape Fruit, $2®3 50; Mexican Limes,
$4 C0(g5; Bananas, $1 &0@:!'per. bunch for New
Orleans and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$1 5C©3 per dozen.
MELONS^ Nutmegs, from Yuma, $102 for
small boxes and crates; large crates, $2 50®
3 50: from Indio, $2(&4 per crate.
GRAPES — Thompson's Seedless from Indio,
$2Q2 25 per crate; from Yuma, $3 per crate.
CHERRIES— White. 25@40c per box; in bulk.
2@3c; Black, 30@5Oc per box and 2@4c
in bulk: cartons from San Jose. 75c; Royal
Annes, 5C@75c per box and 4@6%c In bulk.
FIGS — Black, from Yuma, per box;
from Palm Springs. per box.
APRICOTS^-35@65c per box and 50@75c per
crate; in baskets from the river, 30@50c.
APPLES — Green. 30@50c per box and 25®
40c per basket;' large boxes, 75c@$l 15; White
Astrachan, $1 25@1 50 per box.
PEAKS — Madeline. -5@40c for small boxes;
baskets. 15@25c; large boxes, 75@S5c.
PEACHES — 30@65c per box and 50@60c per
basket.
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@30c per drawer; Eng
lish, oer lb.
CURRANTS — $3 5C@5 per chest.
PLUMS — Clyman," 40@60c per box and 50@75c
per. crate; baskets. 50c; Cherry Plums. 25(g;40c
per drawer and 50@75c In larger packages.
Peaches, Apricots and other early fruits were
plentiful and weak prices ruled. . Receipts of
Citrus fruits were light and prices were un
changed. ' . .
STRAWBERRIES — ?6@10 for Longworths
and ?." 50<£5 50 for Malindas. --
$S@10 per chest; crates, SOc
LOGANBERRIES — $2 50@4 per chest;
crates, 50@75c.
BLACKBERRIES— $6@8 per chest; In crates.
50®UOc.
Cherries in bulk were, weaker owing to the
largo receipts and the indifferent, local trading.
A large portion of the receipts went to can
ners. who paid 3c for white, 2@3c for black
and 5@5%c for Royal Anne. Prices on small
boxes stood the same.
About six crates of Watermelons were re
ceived from Riverside County and were offering
at $6 per dozen, but were not sold. Grapes
and Nutmes Melons were offering freely at
easy r>rices. • . . - • •
. Longworth Strawberries were mostly in poor
condition and sold slowly. Only a few chests
of choice brought the top quotations. Malin
das were higher under light receipts. Raspber
ries and Currants were in good condition and
met with prompt sale at . improved prices.
Blackberries weakened under heavier receipts.
There are very few Gooseberries coming in and
the dmand and supply about balance.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The r-port of Edward A. Beals. section di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, forth*
Oregon Crop Bulletin, week ended June li. Jfi
"•Wheat! 'oats and barley are heading under
very Javorabie weather conditions and there
Is hardly any doubt but tht wheat crop this
i«ir will be as good as last year's crop, not
tuhstanding O^damasing freeze »»/«£»£;
•Haying is now well started in £he v,esteni
portion OC the State, and a good first cutting
Sf alfalfa is being housed In excellent ¦ condi
tion For some unexplained reason the crop
of t mothv is net as heavy as usual, but clo%er
hay "iU amount to more than an averag*^ crop,
llancp grass continues good and stock is gen
rrtjlv fat- i^eep-shearing is practically done
Sd the late reports indicate that the clip will
be above the average in quantity and about the
• % "H^-«r? doing splendidly and no complaints
are made of lice. It has been too cool for
corn but the plant is thrifty and 1U cultiva
tion is general. Potatoes and gardens are
backward; but otherwise promising. Fruit
continues dropping in many sections, and
rherries will probably not amount to more than
half a crop. Strawberries are plentiful and
the Indications iwint to good crops of black
berries and raspberries."
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
NEW YORK June 19.— The market for dried
fruits of all descriptions Is practically without
change. Evaporated apples continue in moder
ate supply and are firmly held around recent
prices, though In some instances holders ara
disposed to look for better figures. Common
to good are quoted at 7@»%c; choice. 10»4@
10%c: prime, 10c; fancy. He
Prunes are in fair request at ¦ unchanged
prices, ranging from 3%c to' 6%c.
Apricots are moderately active, with quota
tions still holding at 10%@14c in boxes and
10%@12c in bags. Prices are dull, 12@16c for
peeled and 8%@10%c for unpeeled. '
DRIED FRUITS.
• Hops — Firm. .
Wool— Quiet.
Hides — Steady. . ,
Coffee— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice,. 5Uc.
Mild, quiet: Cordova, 8%@ll!i'.\
Sugar — Raw, steady; lair refining. 3c; cen
trifugal. 96 test. 3%c. Molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined, quiet. No. 6, 4.10c: No. 7, 4c: No. 8,
3.9Oc; No. $». :'..S5c; No. 10, 3.80c; No. 11. 3.75c;
Nos. 12 and 13. 3.70c: confectioners' A. 4.45c:
mold. A,'. 5c; cut loaf, 5.15c; crushed. 5.15o;
powdered, 4.75c; granulated, 4.65c: cubes, 4.90c.
Coffee futures closed net unchanged to five
points higher. Total sales, 4500 bags, including:
July. 4.80c; September, 4.90c; November, 5.05c;
December, 5.15c; March, S.SDc: May, 5.00c.
NEW TORK, June 19.— Flour— Receipts, 19,
338 barrels; exports, 3249 barrels; sales, 10,050
packages. Steadier- and " generally 5c higher
on spring patents.
Wheat — Receipts, 31,800 bushels; exports,
185,561 bushPlB. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 79%c
elevator and SO® sic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S2%c f. o. -Watloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, t>5%c"f. o. b. afloat. Decided
Strength appeared in wheat to-day. On vigor
ous buying, attracted by. a big Paris up-turn
and too much rain in the Southwest, p#;es ad
vanced a cent a busheL Receipts we»e mod
erate, crop .news from France was bullish,
clearances lair and shorts nervous. Closed l(g)
l%c. net higher. July, 7S 13-lC(379%e, closed
79%c; September closed 77%c; December. 784./'
78%c. closed -7S%c.
, LONDON*, June 19.— Consols, 90 11-16; silver,
24 5-16d; French rentes, lOlf 87%c; wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. I
standard California, 30s f Walla Walla, 29s 6d;
English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. June 19.— Wheat, firm; In Par-
Is, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French country
markets, quiet but steady; weather in England,
fine. . •
COTTON— Uplands, 4 29-32d.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, June 19.— WHEAT — Unchanged.
Blue stem, C5%c;. dub, 64%c.
¦, - OREGON.
PORTLAND. June 19. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, t)5%@(56c; valley, 66%@«7c; bluestem.
C7SU8c. .
WASHINGTON,
Northern Wheat Market.
New x York Grain and.Produce.
NEW YORK. June 19.— Close— Money on call
steady at^2%@3 per cent. Closed offered at
2%. .;• . . -¦¦..•...¦; •• ¦: i ¦ . ¦¦.•'.;¦
Prime mercantile paper. 4V4@5 per cent.
"Sterling exchange, steady- -with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills" at $4*87% for demand and
at $4 85%@4 85% for sixty days. . .
¦ Posted rates. $4 86@4 8SH.
Commercial bills, $4 SIV>&'4 S5%.
Bar silver. 52%c. . " . '
'Mexican dollars, 42%c.
Government bonds, steady;- State bonds. In
active; railroad bonds, weak. .. • ;•
New York Money Market.
SUMMARY. OF • THE MARKETS. :, i] ijjj : .
Local stocks and bonds neglected:
Silver a fraction lower. Sterling Exchange afraction higher
Wheat dull but iirm. Barley scarce and strong.
Nciu crop Oats steadily held. Com and 'Rye didl. ".
No change in Hay and Feedstuff s. . /*.
Beans steadily held, but inactive.
Eggs in excessive supply and getting demoralised.
Butler plentiful and top'heavy. Cheese unchanged. '
Nothing nczu to report in Dried Fruits.
Hides active and very steady, but Leather dull..
Provisions still apathetic at the high prices. j
Meats as previously quoted.
Tea continues firm in all positions.
Potatoes, Onions and Tomatoes in liberal supply. •''
Poultry easv, with a well-supplied market.
Early fruits in ample supply. Receipts of Citrus fruits light.
New Tork for gold. Individual causes aggra
vated the weakness of some special stocks.
Doubts were expressed over the maintenance
of the present- divided rate of Colorado Fuel.
Minor incidents of the day were declines of
JO points In International Power and 4 each
in Ice preferred and Brooklyn Union Gas.
Bonds were weak in sympathy with stocks.
Total tales. $3,110,000.
_ United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.. ¦ . . -.
NEW YORK . STOCK LIST. " . .
Stock— - : , . Sales. High. -Low. Close.
Atchison 54.600 83% 81% 82
Atchison pfd . 8,200 | 101 Vi 100% 100V4
Baltimore & Ohio.. 6,800 107% 106% 100^
Baltimore & O pfd - .... 95
Canadian Pacific .. .11,400 . 135 V 134'A 135&
Canada Southern .. 100.- 94 . • 94 92> 3
Chesapeake & O... 400 46% 4«U- -*** 1 /*
Chicago & Alton... 3,600 " 38% .37% 38%
Chi & Alton pfd... 3<X» 17% 7"Vi 77V t
*yttl Ind & Louis.. . 700 75% v - 75 ' 74%
CTiI Ind & L pfd.. 300 81 Vi S6»i 86
Chl & E Illinois., ...... .......". 37%
«:hl &-G Western. 1,700 29 2S T i 29
Chl&GWAprd.. '...'. 89%
Chi & G W B pfd .. 48
Chicago & NW 300 254% 254 254%
Ch R I & Pac... 2,0f»0 174U -172?j 172%
Chi Term & Trans 2f*0 21 21 20%
Chl Term & T pfd .. 500 38% 3S 38
C C C & St I.Kjuis.: J00 104% 104Tg 104 '
Colorado Southern.. 900 31 30% 30U
Col South 1st pfd , 7l'
Col South 2d pfd.. 1,900 V - 44U 43% 43%
De & Hudson .... 700 175 174 174^
Del Lack & W * 275
Denver & R G.... 1,000 43 42% 42%
Denver & R G pfd '1,100 03U 92% P2'j
*?]* , • 7.400 37Vi 3«% 36%
trie 1st pfd 1,100 68U 67% 07%
Erie 2d Dfd ,* 53
?/ J ? 1 orth «rn pfd... 2.000 IS9" isi" 1SS
"ocjtinjr Valley ... 2,2(>0 SO 85 «4%
Hocking- Valley pfd . S0O 92 81% 91
Illinois Central 1,700 15:J 156% 157%
Iowa Central j t4 oo 49% 49 48%
Iowa Central pfd... 500 87% 87 8«i*
Kcttii "M a4 '' '<** *fi
l:li?X::: ..] w . 'M ffiS
I^puis & Nash 800 137% 137 ' 130
Manhattan L ..... sm 131% i;to% 130%
Metropolitan St Ry 1.100 151% 150% 150
Mexican Central... 1,9W 2S3i »H 2 S
«r xica » n Nat »°nal . ' 300 19 ls% lS-^,
m nl k & .« St L 001 "--: 300 113% 113% 113%
Mo Pacific . 01.000 108Vi 106V* 107%
ttK>Tpf(i;..: 2.100 59% SS ' '58%
N J Central las"
v Y t n i ra i. 2<7(H) 156% l.wi
Norfolk! w e^ n ?:°°° 5 !;^
Ontario*. West.... 2.000 ;{2'i ;r>ii T^-vt
Pennsylvania ...... 20.300 152% 151% - 151%
5 ea^ inK 58,(K>0 t»i% 05% ««%
Read ng 1st pfd... 1,100 S4 % ,83% 84
S ea i dln S 2a P" ... 4,700 70U 60$ «!)<A
1^ 7 ° CS% rf
St'L&SF2dpfd 700 73% 72i'j 72'i
St L fcouthwestem. 900 29'* "9 "<>
StL&sWpfd.... 900 «'* ai% &!
it pau'ipfd":::.-: 25 ' 300 \%$£ l %* l $d
IuSr^.;:::: KB W* "Ijg g%
Southern Ry pfd... 400 f.5% 95% 95U
Texas & Pacific 2.800 42% 41% 41%
Toledo StL'&W.. 200 20%- 20% 20%
T St L & W pfd.. 100 37 Z :il il $'*
Union Pacific 3,800 10(i% 104% 105%
Un'o" Racine pfd.. 2.100 89% 88% 89
\\ abash 17,400 28% 27'i 2S%
Wabash pfd: 5.500 45^ «% Ti\
& Lake Erie 300 22% 22% 22 i 4
W&LE2dpfd.. 500 :t5% ?,5% 35%
Wisconsin Central. 1.100 28 27?g 2<i|
WIs Central pfd... ], 2 00 50% 49% 49%
Express Companies— •. ,¦ v -.
Adams • 197
American 100 ffV?"'- ••>•>«" "2^
United States ioo 11« ' U6 hi
Wells Farjro t,,»
Miscellaneous— •
Amalgamat Copper 17,800 67% COB'
Am Car & Fndry. . C.100 :t2'i 3^ 30%
Am CRr & F ufd.. 300 91 90^ 90i-*
Am Linseed Oil.... 100. 24% 24%
Am Lin OH pfd " '" tZ{i
Am Locomotive 2,000 3.%% 32^ 32»i
Am Locomotive pfd . 500 94^ 9:t% •»•{
Am Smelt & Ref... 3,300 4S% 47% 41K
Am Smelt & R pfd. 300 09% 091+ o 9 i£
Anaconda M!n Co. 2,400 113 no . u'01%
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 2.200 C7% 66% W"!
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 10,200 90 »4^ 05 *
Consolidated Gas... 200 221 °20i' «>9ni'
Cont Tobacco nfd . - ToVs?
General Electric... 2,fW> 310 icui'i' ••f«' i
Hocking Coal 30o 17 17 °nr
InternlvPaper...... 500 20% ' 20% 20^4
lnternl Paper pfd..- 30rt -'7:{ 7-2-v • 701*
Laclede.Gas . ..7 - \ - - ;.:•¦"•;- in
National Biscuit... :.„¦ '<" ", • ' lay
National Lead .... 2,500 211^. 2l'"' "lif
North American... ..... . . i5->
Pacific Coast.. .. ""
Pacific Mail • ; tiOO «% VlK 42 '*
People's Gas 400 J02»; 102% 102%
Pressed Steel Car. 1.300 47 45«? 4*
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 86% SOU " S3%
Pullman Pp.! Car *>".- i&p*
Republic Steel.... . 900 17% 17ii 17U
Republic Steel pfd. 400 73% 731? - —lir
Sugar 9.400 1"7 ' 1 vks; ' i«'«v
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2.K0O tn f>* ' ,.,?
Union Bag & P Co. 300 15% 15 jla?
Union B&P Co pfd. ..... lib
U S. leather 1,400 j:;% \\" y>-*
U S Leather Dfd... 000 S4% st S4
U S Rubber ?Ii-
U S Rubber ofd... ..... ' it '-
U S Steel 53.900 38 \{ Se«I 'r,
U S Steel r>fd 16.000 KK% g7»t SS".'
Western Union 400 92 91 v <nr*
Total tales 583,500 shares.
CLOSING BONDS.
•US ref 2s reg..!07% L & N uni 4s. .. .io.">ii
Do coup 108% Mex Central 4s sUX
U S 3s reg 107V* Do 1st inc. "*
' Do coup lO7Vi Minn & st L 4s" I'rr,
U S uew 4s reg...l35>« M K & T is ioo
I>o coup 135* Do 2nds "±
US old 4s reg....l09V 8 N Y Central ls'ts*104*£
Do coup 110% do gen 3V*s 107
u S 5s reg 105 N J Cent gen 5s 13»i/
Do coup 105 Nor Pacific .4s « v
Atchison gen 4s. .103% Do 3s -4 H
Do adj 4s.. 93VL> Nor & W con'-is'lul.v
Bait & Ohio 4s.. .103 Reading gen 4« loos'*
Do , 314s 06U I S L & I M conos i iff t
Do conv 4s 107 S L & s F 4s inn
Canada So 2nds.. 109^4 St Louis SWlsts '993'*
Cent of Ga 5s.... 108% Do 2nds " ai-if
Do 1st inc 81% S A ft A p'4 a V" no* ?
Ches & Ohio 4»/ 2 s.l0SV* So Pacific 4s "?" * n"' f
Chi & Alton 31^8. 85Vj So Railway 5s"'l2?v
Chi B & Q new 4a 96% I Tex & Pac 1 st» ' l?4 v
C M & St P g 4s. 116%! T St L & W 4s" S^V
Chi & NW con 7s. 139% Union Pac 4« inT-i/
C R I & P is. . . .112 I Do conv 4s7 ' 107*4
CCC&S Lg4s.lO2 Wabashlsts r> 0 *
Chi Term 4s 91 Do 2nds . \uu
Colo So 4s Of. Do deb B --
D & R G 4s l<Kvi West Shore < 4a'"'ll i ,t'
Erie prior Hen 4s. 101% W & L E 4s 053?
Do gen 4a 88Vj Wis Central 4s"* 9 : H'
F W & D C lsts.113% Cons Tob r'tj?
Hocking Val 4^s.ll0^i *' '*,
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 i Little Chief i«
''Alice 45 Ontario .. - i"
Breece ; . . 50 Ophlr .....'. »
Brunswick Con ... 00 Phoenix . "'" }#
Com Tunnel 05 Potosl ....""¦" 1,
Con Cal & Va 1 20 e5avage ' ng
Deadwood Terra... 1 00 Sierra Nevada" " 11
Horn Silver 1 25 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 75 Standard " ' ¦"» «ji
Leadville Con .... 05 ' ?->"
BOSTON STOCKS , AND BONDS.
Money— ¦ (United Fruit ..'..1113;
Call loans 3»4«t- 4, Westing common.106
Time loans 4 @5 Mining —
Bonds— Adventure ... ">3Vi
Atchison 4s .1C2',4 Allouez .. 7Z&
Gas lsts 9i Amalganiated" '.'.'. 67
Mex Central 4s... 82 Daly West 4-a-
N E Gas & Coke. 57% Bingham ... '34s/
1 Railroads— Cal & Hecla....'.!c00
I Atchison 82 Centennial isu
Do pfd 100% Copper Range ." bSS
¦¦ Boston & Albany. 260 Dom Coal IT71Z
Boston & Maine. 201 Franklin . .'. 11
> Boston Elevated.. 104 Isle Royale . . *"]2W
i NY. NH&H..230 Mohawk.... 41*
' Fitchburg pfd . ..143 1£ Old Dominion '" 21
! Union Pacific ...105% Osceola .'" %{
1 Mexican Central . 28 Parrot '28
Miscellaneous — Quincy "135
1 American' Sugar .126»i Santa Fe Copper' \tc
'¦ Do pfd 119 Tamarack ... 17A
1 Araer T & T 177 ¦ Trimountaln . .»n
¦ Dom I & S . 541/j Trinity 101/
' Mass Electric ... 43% United States ... 20
' Do pfd ? 97% Utah oj'i
• N E Gas & Coke. 294 Victoria .... «
¦ U S Steal 37 . Winona *. 4
Do pfd 88 ¦ Wolverine 541.4
: LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
1 Consols for money Louis & Nash... 140V
¦ 90 9-1C N-Y Central ...!l61
, Consols for account Nor & West 5s»i
J 9« 11-16 Do pfd tKj
j Anaconda 5% Ont & West...!' 33%
r Atchison ........ 85 Pennsylvania .... 773?
Do pfd 10:Ji£ Reading ....... ..3414
! Bait & Ohio 109% Do 1st pfd 431?
' Canadian Pac ...138% Do 2d pfd ?Z$.
Ches & Ohio. 47% So Railway. . 87%
; Chl Gt West..... 30V4 Do pfd 97$
j Chl M & St P 177% So Pacific 67
? D&RG 44 Union Pac 108%
Do pfd 05% Do pfd .91 2
! Erie ...: 37% V 8 Steel 39$
Do 1st pfd 70 Do pfd 90Vj
\ Do 2d pfd 54 Wabash "29%
I 111 Central 161 Do pfd ..: 4(\y,
Mo Ivans & Tex.. 27% Spanish 4s 81 »i
' Do pfd 60 I . ,
1 • Bar silver, quiet, 24 5-16d per ounce.
Money, 2@2% per cent. - n :
1 The rate of discount in the open market for
r short bills is 2% per cent; for three months
s bills, 2% per cent.
; Condition of the Treasury.
! * WASHINGTON. June 19.— To-day's state-
78c: raw, 70c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw. in barrels; Lard Oil,
extta winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 03;
China Nut. 57i£@tiSc per gallon; pure Keats
foot. In barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure,
toe; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42>,ac; cases. 47Vsc;
Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and
5S J /ic for Australian. .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13yj@14c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c: Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene,
72c: deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, lttc;
in cases. 22%c: Benzine, in bulk. 14%c: in
cases, 21c; S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk. £0c: la
cases. 26iic. n
TURPENTINE— 71c per gallon In cases and
65c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Renninj Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in ICO-lb
bags: Cubes A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: L^y Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4 25f
Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags only). none :
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c-
Extra C. 3.75c: Golden C. 3.65c; "D." 3 55c :
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more*
boxes, 50c more; 5<Mb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Dominos— Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxe3 5c
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels cr its equivalent.
• TEA — The local market Is firm and more
active; buying la largely for immediate
requirements. A report from Formosa states
that the market on Oolongs Is active and 20
per cent higher than last year. The advances
in Japan are fully maintained owing to th3
fact that the first crop Is now pretty definitely
settled at 20 per cent short. Shanghai advice*
state that Congous ar* unchanged, but green
Chinas are 25 per cent higher; gunpowders are
about 20 per cent higher.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is nothing new In this market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ./•
BEEF — 6@7Uc for Steers and 5@6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, 8@9c per lbt
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®S%c; Ewes. 7®So
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lambs, 9#9>4e per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%o per la.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less B0
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8^@9c; Cows and Heifers
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@5%c per lb (gross •weight).
. SHEEP — Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewes, 3%©3%o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearlings.
3%@4c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6%e:
200 lbs and over. 6@6%c; feeders, 6@6^ic:
sows, 20 per cent off. boars 60 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quota
tions.
Receipts of Produce. £
I FOR THURSDAT, JTTNE 1».
Flour, qr ska 17.120 Bran, sks ........ 433
Wheat, ctla .... 2.695 Tallow. ctl» .... 218
Barley, ctls ... 2,900 Pelts, bdls 130
Oats, ctls 8S0 Hides. No 830
Corn, ctls 1,195 Lime, bbls 455
Beans, sks 605 Quicksilver, flka 40
Potatoes, ska .. 2,361 Leather, rolls .. 44
Onions, sks .... 234 Wine, gals 61,300
Hops, bales .... 124 Chicory, bbls .. 66
Wool, bales .... 120 Paper, car ..... 1
Hay, tons ..... 640 Powder, car .... 1
Middlings, sks. 330' Sugar, ctls .... 2.632
PORTLAND. Or.; June 19. — Clearings, $544,
222^-balances, $183,261.
SEATTLE, June 19. — Clearings, $518,213;
balances, $128,903.
SPOKANE, June 19. — Clearings, $212,472;
balances, $32,234...
Northern Business.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, June 19.— CATTLE— Receipts,
000. Steady to lUc higher. Natives, $4 65@
5 75; cows and heifers, $1 50@0; veals. $3 50
@6; stockeis % and feeders, $2 25&5 50.
HOGS — Receipts; S50O. Steady, j Light and
light mixed, $7 20@7 40: medium, and heavy.
$7 «u®7 70; pigs. S4f«t» 50.
SHEEP — Receipts; . 050. Best lambs steady;
others slow. Top. spring lambs, $7 25.
CHICAGO. July 19.— CATTLE— Receipts,
5500. includlnir 800 Texans. Choice strong;
others steady. Good to crime steers, $7 50@8;
poor to medium. $4 75@7 10; stockers and feed
ers. $2 50@525: cows, $1 40@5 75; heifers.
$2 50@0 25; canners, $1 40@2 40: bulls. $2 .25
@5 60; calves, §2 50SJ6; Texas fed steers, $4
<g6.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24.000; to-morrow,
22.000; left over. <>000. Five to 10 cents higher.
Mixed and butchers',' $7 10@7 50; good to
choice heavj", $7 45@7 65; rough heavy, $7 10
@7 35; light, $6 95@7 25; bulk, $7 15@7 40.
SHEEP — Receipts. 10.000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. $4@4 i5; fair
to choice mixed. $3 75@4 70; Western sheep.
$2 50@4 75: native lambs clipped' and Western
Iambs, $6@7;" spring lambs. $7 25.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
London Market.
NEW TORK. June 19.— The. Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram saya:
I The Ascot races continue to be responsible
for a thin attendance on the floor of fhe Stoc.i
Exchange. The tone of the market to-day was
dull. Consols sold at 96%. „ tTlH1
Americans early were hard above parity unui
New - York - caused a full point - break on *- alK
that the coal strike would spread to the p» tu '
minous regions. Canadian Pacific sold down
from 140 to 138i£. ' ' : .
Copper sold at £53 10s the ton and Rio Tinto
at 44%.
: Money on call, began at 2'4 P er cent *" d
closed 'at 3 per cent on preparations for the
end of the half T year • and on the approach of
Coronation week. * "
Silver is weaker on ¦ a lesser demand for
coinage purposes. .
ment of -the Treasury balances in .the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $200,957,440; gold,
$39,969,330. -. - - -
quotations nominal. Warrants, - nominal. No.
1 foundry Northern, $21@22; No. 2 foundry
Northern. $20 50@2l 50; No. 1 foundry South
ern, $20 50@21 50; No. 1 foundry Southern
soft; $20 50@21 50.
Glasgow was a shade - higher., at 64s 6d ana
Middlesbbro unchanged at 49s. " i
OHEESK — New. 0@10c; old, nominal; Young
America. J0@10*4c: Eastern. 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch. IStiiglOe, and in a small way
20c for fancy, 17(QlSc for good and 16%c for
fair; store. 15@H5^c per dozen; Eastern Eggs,
nominal. . .
Cheese remains as previously quoted.
Receipts were 81,100 pounds, 381 cubes, 8
barrels, 15 kegs of Butter, — lbs Eastern But
ter. 145G cases of Eggs, — cases of Eastern
Eggs. 21.300 pounds of California Cheese and
11,800 pounds of Oreson Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 20V4®21c per pound for
fancy, 20c for firsts and 19®19%c for seconds;
dairy. 17@2Cc; store Butter, 14®16c per pound.
Butter is also extremely weak, with heavy
receipts and more stock than the light demand
can take care of. Sellers are making con
cessions to effect sales.' !
The Egg market is getting demoralized. At
this timer of • the year when many people are
out of town and the local consumption is at
it? lowest point, the market can absorb about
1000 • cases per day, • whereas we are now re
ceiving- about 1450. This means an " excess of
about 4,->0 cases every day, and at this rate
it does not take long tc glut the market. This
is the condition of the Kgg market to-day. Ev
ery dealer has more than he can sell, and
his. stocks are increasing daily. There is only
one thing for him to do to keep them down,
which is to store. At present prices this is
very: hazardous, as he dan hardly come out
even' with these stored Eggs in the fall. But
he has no alternative. Most- of the trade
began to store yesterday, and the storing will
be continued until conditions improve. Mean
while both., ranch and store Eggs are being of
fered in all sorts of lots at reduced prices.
One lot of 100 cases of store Eggs from San
Luis Obispo County was offered yesterday at
joc without finding a buyer, and offers to sell
fine ranch at 18iic were generally declined
by buyers. A few dealers still quoted 20c, but
it was only for a particularly fine Egg and
in a very small way. ¦ • •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Game remains a3 before quoted.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. UliSUc for Gob
blers and 13(?214c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
?l-2. r .: Gosling?. »1 25@1 50: Ducks. $3 5004
for old and $4 50@5 50 for young -.Hens. $4@5 50:
young Roosters. $5 50f?7- old Roosters. $4 60
(35; Fryers, $tt 50@4 50; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $2@2 25 for small; Pigeons. ?1 »*>
per dozen for old and $1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush.
there were a great many Hens offered from
the preceding day. Receipts of Callfornlans
were moderate and choice young stock only
was in demand at steady prices. Second-class
stock of all descriptions was . very dull.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Eleven.
Poultry and Game.
No more Eastern Poultry, was received, but
OIL — California Castor Oil, In cases No 1
70c; pure, $1 20; Unseed Oil. in barrels. boiled!
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $8; Seattle. 56 50; Bryant. $6 60;
Roslyn, $7: Coos. Bay. $5 60; Greta, $S; Wall'
send. $S 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50-
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks'
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh An'
thraclte. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke $15
per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $S so
per ton, according to brand.
BAGS — Grain Bass. June and July, 6c: San
Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c. V ..' .-
General Merchandise.
8
Articles — Open. -High.
Wheat No. 2 —
July 72% 73%
September ..... 719* 72 Vi
December ~'-Vt ~"\s
Corn No. 2 — ' • ¦
July «6 6C',i
September 58% - 58%
December 44% 44%
Oats No. 2 —
July, old 30% 3G%
Julv, new 30 30 V+
September, old. 2S% 2Svi
September, new. :{0-"!i 31%
December, new.' S0% 31
Mess pork, per barrel —
July 17 70 17 75
September 17 82 \' a 17 95 :
J>atil, per 100 pounds —
July 10 27% 10 35
Ueptember 10 :52>A 10 40
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 10 52% 10 65
September 10 35 10 55
Low. Close.
72% 73%
71% 72'/i
72% 73
(55 65 Vi
58»i 58%
44 »i 44%
36 >i : 36%
39 39 Vi
28% 28%
30% 30%
30% 30 %
17 70 17 75
17 82% 17 95
10 27% 10 35
10 32% 10 40
10 52% 10 fi2%
10 35 18 50
STATIONS.
K
E
-1
O
A
1
"I
3 3"
c
e
K
S3
EC
C
fi |-
I
c
Gloria
aker
.u'O
74
4S :
43 :
SW Cloudy
M" Clear
.00
.oc
Carson 20.76 86^52 TV
Eureka 29.P0 56 50 NTV
Fresno 29.6* 102 66 Ts'SV
Flagstaff 29.74 S2 40 SW
Pocatello. Ida.?.). 86 7S 44 W
Independence 2».&S 04 «« K
U>s Angeles.. 23. 82 7* 58 W
Phoenix 29. (C J04 «S NW
Portland 29.92 82-60 XW
Red Bluff 29.70 100 70 N
Roseburs 29. SS 8* 48 N
Bacramento ..29.68 9S «2 N
Fait Lake .29.80 SO 5S NW
San FrancJsco.29.S0 66 48 W
S. L. Obispo. .29.85 74 50 S
San Diego ...29.S2 W CS W
Spokane 130.14 70 46 K
Seattle 30.02 78-48 N
N>«i Baj- SO. 00 fi* 46 E
Walla Walla. . .'50.04 • S<) 46 N
Winnemucca .23.84 S4 52 NW
l'uraa 29.62 104 fi6 W*
Clear .vu
Clear .00
Clear r .00
Clear .00
Ft Cldy .00
Clear .0<J
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
ETATIONS.
5 5
s ° s.
c c
•0
|
03
5-
I* **
•1
o ~ o 2.
Chieo ..104 56
Cloverdale 101 ' 66
Colusa 07 04
Kur« k a ..'56 50
Fresno 102 06
HanTord ....... 105 68
Hollister 84 42
Independence ... 94 66
King City 93 42
Li vermore 103 51
Los Angeles .... 74 58
Merced 105 RS
Napa 83 52
Newman lO.'t 60
Palermo 103 5S
Red Bluff 100 70
Sacramento 98 62'
San Dieso 66 58
San Francisco . . C6 48
San Jose 91 47
San Luis Opispo 74 62
Santa Maria ... 75 52
Santa Rosa 93 45
Ventura 72 58
Willows 98^76
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear '
.00 Clear
.00 Clear,
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear.
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Cloudy
.00 . Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
\
, KW Lt
\ XW 6
TV**' '.'.
E Lt
w" io
xw o
S 0
n" '..
X lit
N Lt
W 8
W 34
s" Lt
W
W * ; *
Articles — Open. -High.
Wheat No. 2 —
July 72% 73%
September ..... 719* 72 Vi
December ~'-Vt ~"\s
Corn No. 2 — ' • ¦
July «6 6C',i
September 58% - 58%
December 44% 44%
Oats No. 2 —
July, old 30% 3G%
Julv, new 30 30 V+
September, old. 2S% 2Svi
September, new. :{0-"!i 31%
December, new.' S0% 31
Mess pork, per barrel —
July 17 70 17 75
September 17 82 \' a 17 95 :
J>atil, per 100 pounds —
July 10 27% 10 35
Ueptember 10 :52>A 10 40
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 10 52% 10 65
September 10 35 10 55
Low. Close.
72% 73%
71% 72'/i
72% 73
(55 65 Vi
58»i 58%
44 »i 44%
36 >i : 36%
39 39 Vi
28% 28%
30% 30%
30% 30 %
17 70 17 75
17 82% 17 95
10 27% 10 35
10 32% 10 40
10 52% 10 fi2%
10 35 18 50
Carson 20.76 86^52 TV
Eureka 29.P0 56 50 NTV
Fresno 29.6* 102 66 Ts'SV
Flagstaff 29.74 S2 40 SW
Pocatello. Ida.?.). 86 7S 44 W
Independence 2».&S 04 «« K
U>s Angeles.. 23. 82 7* 58 W
Phoenix 29. (C J04 «S NW
Portland 29.92 82-60 XW
Red Bluff 29.70 100 70 N
Roseburs 29. SS 8* 48 N
Bacramento ..29.68 9S «2 N
Fait Lake .29.80 SO 5S NW
San FrancJsco.29.S0 66 48 W
S. L. Obispo. .29.85 74 50 S
San Diego ...29.S2 W CS W
Spokane 130.14 70 46 K
Seattle 30.02 78-48 N
N>«i Baj- SO. 00 fi* 46 E
Walla Walla. . .'50.04 • S<) 46 N
Winnemucca .23.84 S4 52 NW
l'uraa 29.62 104 fi6 W*
Clear .vu
Clear .00
Clear r .00
Clear .00
Ft Cldy .00
Clear .0<J
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
ETATIONS.
5 5
s ° s.
c c
•0
|
03
5-
I* **
•1
o ~ o 2.
Chieo ..104 56
Cloverdale 101 ' 66
Colusa 07 04
Kur« k a ..'56 50
Fresno 102 06
HanTord ....... 105 68
Hollister 84 42
Independence ... 94 66
King City 93 42
Li vermore 103 51
Los Angeles .... 74 58
Merced 105 RS
Napa 83 52
Newman lO.'t 60
Palermo 103 5S
Red Bluff 100 70
Sacramento 98 62'
San Dieso 66 58
San Francisco . . C6 48
San Jose 91 47
San Luis Opispo 74 62
Santa Maria ... 75 52
Santa Rosa 93 45
Ventura 72 58
Willows 98^76
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear '
.00 Clear
.00 Clear,
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear.
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Cloudy
.00 . Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
\
, KW Lt
\ XW 6
TV**' '.'.
E Lt
w" io
xw o
S 0
n" '..
X lit
N Lt
W 8
W 34
s" Lt
W
W * ; *
STATIONS.
K
E
-1
O
A
1
"I
3 3"
c
e
K
S3
EC
C
fi |-
I
c
Gloria
aker
.u'O
74
4S :
43 :
SW Cloudy
M" Clear
.00
.oc
AUCTION SALES
Some GENTLE DRIVING AND WORK
HORSES cheap at
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET.
721 HOWARD STREET^SOME OF THOSE WHO WERE
PROMINENT AT THE ELKS'
FAIR.
A peculiar accident occurred on the Mc-
Allister-street car line yesterday morning.
The car was on its way : downtown, and
when it reached Octavia street the grip
struck a side . slot, stopping the car in
stantly. The gripman was thrown against
the front of the car and severely injured
and the passengers were well shaken up
The front trucks of the car were thrown
out of position and the grip was broken
Traffic on the road was delayed for nearly
an hour. . "¦ ¦
Shook Up Passengers.
It was resolved that a convention of
the Union Labor party be held In San
Francisco, September 10, to nominate a
State ticket.
Resolved, That we, the members of the
Union Labor Central Club, appeal to all fair
minded citizens to aid us to promote the fore
going by their co-operation and moral sup
port,. • • .
Resolved, That the Union Labor party and
its nominees be free from the hands of politi
cal bosses and ward politicians; also that we
protect our nominees from th» attacks of the
political job chasers.
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of every
member of this club to constitute himself a
committee of one to help his toiling brother,
for the betterment of his condition, socially,
politically and otherwise. . ¦
Resolved, That It shall be' the imperative
duty of every member of the Union Labor
Central Club to see that no man shall be
elected to public office or appointed, only those
who are by their acts true to unionism and
Just to capital.
Resolved, That It shall be the most earnest
wish and untiring zeal of the members of the
club never to have any affiliation with Iden
tified political bosses or their parasites; and be
it furthermore
Resolved, That It is the sense of the club to
organize the wage earner and imbue him with
the proper conceutlon of unionism, the perfect
use of the ballot as the remedy for social, in
dustrial and DOllti'cal Ills.
. The Union Labor Central Club met last
evening wJth a view toward formulating
and adopting resolutions. After a discus
sion and consideration of suggestions, the
following, resolutions were adopted:
ism and Just to Capital Shall
Have Support.
Resolves That Those True to Union-
UNION LABOR CENTRAL
CI/UB ADOPTS RESOLUTIONS
. A wonderful composite pic
ture showing the coronation as
it will really be! This has
been prepared at great expense
exclusively for The Sunday
Call, and will appear .in the
great Coronation v . Number
out next Sunday.
MARYSVILLE, June 19. — Elaborate
preparations are being made in this city
for the organization of Marysville Lodge,
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks,
on Saturday evening, June 21. Over 200
visiting Elks are expected from all parts
of the State and the programme as out
lined for th'e occasion bids fair to eclipse
anything of the kind ever held here. The
vieitors are expected to arrive on every
train Saturday and a brass band will wel
come them to the old, historical mining
town on the Yub»
Elks Astir in Marysville.
Edson left again for Sonora this after
noon to take up the trail of Dunham. He
was retained by Mrs. Stassforth when she
brought suit for divorce against her hus
band in Los Angeles and had tried several
times before to find Mrs. Irwin, but had
always been unsuccessful.
On catching sight of Mrs. Irwin, Edson
wired a Deputy United States Marshal at
Tucson, who had a warrant to arrest her
when she arrived here. Edson gave up
his chase after Dunham, the murderer,
for the time being and Jumped on the rear
end of the train, returning to Tucson to
see that the woman did not escape him.
Mrs. Irwin was arrested at Tucson and
brought before the United States Com
missioner. She pleaded not guilty and
her preliminary hearing was set for June
i«. She has been released on heavy bonds.
CAPTXTRES A WOMAN
w M 1 1 ,?, HUNTING DUNHAM
Juan Edson Causes an Arrest in Ari
zona Before He Reaches Yaqui
Lands.
TUCSON, Ariz., June 19.— Juan Edson
made a clever arrest at Benson on his
way to Sonora. At that town, while
changing cars, he saw Caroline Irwin,
who was wanted in Arizona for alleged
violation of the Edmunds act. She was
charged as co-respondent in. a famous
case brought at Tucson against O. A.
Stassforth of Los Angeles, who was tried
and acquitted of the charge at Tucson.
BERLIN, June 19.— The \ largest purse
ever offered, on the German turf was con
tested for to-day at . Hamburg. If was
$25,000 and was won by Nunquam Dormio,
owsnd by Count Trautmannsdorf of Aus
tria. The winner paid 10 to 1. Fred Taral,
the American Jockey, riding Ecryzigia,
owned by Herr Rohoncsy, a Hungarian,
won the Jubilee Critirium at Hamburg
to-day and a purse of $10,000.
Nonquaxn Donnis Wins Large Purse.
The boy Is an orphan and several
months ago was brought here by the
Children's Home Society of Los Angeles,
being taken into the home of the Rev.
George A. Miller. Two months after he
took up his residence there the church
was destroyed by fire early in the morn
ing. The boy was not suspected, however,
until after the lire of a week later, which
destroyed a barn near the parsonage,
containing a horse and all the church
furniture saved from the previous fire.
To-day when Walter was examined he
stuck to his original story until the chief
questioned him about the money. Then
he broke down and confessed everything.
The church fire, he said he, set accident
ally, but it caused so much excitement
that he set the others Just to see the
fire department come out.
Twelve-Year-Old Boy in Fresno Ac
knowledges Having Burned a
Church.
FRESNO, June 19.— Walter Kernahan,
aged 12 years, to-day confessed to Chief
of Police Morgan and District Attorney
Everts to having set the fire that recent
ly destroyed the Methodist Episcopal
church in this city, to a fire a week later
that destroyed a barn near the parson
age of the church, to having attempted
to burn the parsonage, and to having
stolen about $20 • of missionary money
kept In a desk drawer by the Rev. George
A. Miller.
YOTJTHPTTL INCENDIARY
MAKES A CONFESSION
San Francisco Lodge of Elks Shows
Friendship for Oakland.
OAKLAND, June 19.— The charge of ill
feeling existing between San Fransisco
Lodge No. 3 of Elks and Oakland Lodge
No. 171 over the failure of Oakland Lodge
•to -receive the San Francisco Elks is de
nied by San Francisco Lodge. The fol
lowing circular has been issued by Ex
alted Ruler Percy V. Long of San Fran
cisco Lodge, which shows the falsity of
the charge of ill feeling:
SPECIAL. NOTICE.
SAN FRANCISCO, June lg, 1002.
Dear Sir and Brother: On Monday last as
mary of us as could went to Oakland to help
make merry and boost No. 171's Street Fair
and Carnival. It was GREAT! We entei
talned ourselves then, and Oakland No. 171
now wants to entertain us in their own way.
A special boat will leave the Oakland ferry,
foot of Market street, at 7:45 p. m., Saturday,
June 21, which will be met by special train
and our party conveyed to Seventh and Broad
way. Oakland, where we will be met by escort
and 'carriages for officers and ladles and taken
to the carnival grounds.
Your exalted ruler makes personal request
that all members of B. P. O. E. No. 3 avail
themselves of Oakland's kind Invitation. By
order of PERCY V. LONG, Exalted Ruler.
HERMAN KOHN, Secretary.
There was no effect upon the attend
arce yesterday by the attack upon the
fair, for nearly 2000 more people passed
through the gates on Wednesday than
the day previous, and the number on the
day after the attack was within a few
hundred of the opening Saturday.
Thousands are coming from San Fran
cisco every day and night, which shows
that instead of being ill feeling there is
i a desire on the part of San Franciscans
! to • visit the Elks Carnival.
Oakland is appreciative of this, as the
carnival is bringing thousands of visit
ors to this city from the outside.
ATTACK IS DENIED.
Thousands of the 20,000 people who
crowded into the grounds after the
parade surged around tUe band stand to
see and hear the programme.
The Woodmen and candidates for wood
craft afterward adjourned to the Macdon-
Woodcraft mingled with Elkdom to
night at the Street Fair. It was Wood
craft night by the grace of Elkdom and
the resonance of axes cleaving chips out
of the forest of pleasure was the thing
that waa heard above the din of every
thing else. Woodcraft sent its hundreds
and attracted its thousands. Woodcraft
entertained. Woodcraft's parade was the
most prodigious that ever any fraternal
order has turned into the streets of Oak
land. Altogether there were 2000 men in
the line that threaded its way through
the main avenues. And nearly all of
them came from Alameda County, too.
San Jose sent a special trainload of them,
but they only swelled the ranks by 200.
Grand Marshal J. F. Kick took hold of
the reins in time and his hosts of follow
ers were upon the waiting thousands that
lined the streets before they knew it.
The police braved the front of the pro
cession and brushed aside the ubiquitous
small boy, making clear the pathway for
the grand marshal and his aids — Thomas
M. Robinson, A. G. Saunders and the mil
itary band.
A warrant was Issued in the Elks'
court of injustice to-night for Mayor Eu
gene E. Schmitz of San Francisco for fail
ure to appear. Mayor Barstow of Oak
land has given bonds for the appearance
of Mayor Schmitz on Saturday night,
when the chief executive of San Fran
cisco will be arrested and sentenced.
No " masking will be allowed on Satur
day night and those presenting them
selves at the fair with masks will be re
fused admittance.
The San Francisco Elks will be wel
comed Saturday night.
To-morrow night there will be a parade
of all the midway attractions on the
street between 7 and 8 o'clock.
OAKLAND, June 19.— Director Gen
eral Max L. Schlueter of the
Elks' Carnival announces that it
will absolutely close at midnight,
Saturday, June 21.
o'.igh Theater, where some 500 men were
Initiated into the mysteries of the order
and extended the right hand of fellow
ship, to be greeted in the future as
"neighbors."
Degree Teams in Pretty Uniforms Are Ad=
mired by Thousands of Spectators.
ference to-morrow td have' the Cuban bill
put on the calendar and a vote taken.
Senator Platt, of Connecticut, . dined to
night with Senator Hanna and it is be
lieved the latter- will now take hold of
the matter with his usual energy. He has
been so much occupied with the canal bill
that he has been unable to give any at
tention whatever to Cuban reciprocity. If
he doe's take hold the tight will be much
more Interesting. ¦
OAKLAND, June 19.— Licenses to .mar
ry were issued- to-day to\ Bartlett L.
Thane, aged 24 years, .Nlles, and Juliet
F. Blaine, 23, St. Louis; Adam Stephany,
22, and Rena : Merklinger, . 23. ,3ah Fran
cisco; John F. Martin, over 21, and Cath
erine G. Heckman, over 18, both of San
Francisco. ,
Licensed to Marry,
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 19.— President
Roosevelt, after several days of inaction
so far as Cuban concession is con
cerned, during which time the im
pression, got abroad that he would
not in any way . try to promote
the passage of the bill, or the taking of
other action by Congress, began to-night
to use his influence for the carrying out
of this work by the Senate. The
passage by the : " Republican State
convention of Nebraska of resolu
tions indorsing the special message to
Congress and declaring that tariff conces
sions to Cuba ought to be made, gave the
President great encouragement. Both
Nebraska Senators have been opposing the
reciprocity bill, declaring that its passage
was inimical to .the interests of their
State and was not wanted by the Nebras
ka farmers.
The resolutions are regarded In' the
White' House as a repudiation of Senators
Dietrich and Millard and the President
took great pleasure in showing them to
day a newspaper containing the Nebraska
platform.
Earnest efforts are being made by the
President and the administration Senators
to get the Senators who have ' not ¦ allied
themselves with the reciprocity combina
tion to line up and put the entire Senate
on record. They realize that the chief
trouble has not been the opposition of the
beet sugar Senators, but the indifference
of a very large number of so-called ad
ministration Senators who are secretly
knifing the President. . . .
President Roosevelt had a long talk to
night with Senators Platt, Allison, Spoon
er, Lodge, ' Aldrich and Hale. He told
them he was as anxious as ever that re
lief to Cuba should be granted at this ses
sion. He said it made no difference to him
whether it was done by a reciprocity bill
or a reciprocity treaty. His position was
that reciprocity "must" be granted and
he was prepared to occupy that position
until the adjournment. ...
He had heard, the President said, a sug
gestion that the Senate caucus should
pass a resolution referring the whole mat
ter back to him, and suggesting that Cu
ban relief be accomplished by a treaty.
It was not necessary, he said, for the Sen
ate conference to pass any resolution
about the treaty. It was much more
necessary that the Senate should stop its
fighting from ambush and come out into
the open. There had been no public vote
on this bill and until there was a vote
he was not supposed to know that the
Senate was opposed to the bill. Until that
vote was taken he could not be" expected
to take any initiative looking to the ne
gotiation of a treaty.
As a result of this talk with the Presi
dent much more energetic efforts will be
made at the adjourned Republican con-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The body was placed in the Tubbs fam
ily mausoleum at Mountain View Geme
tery. '¦" ¦'•.. ;'•¦¦;'• ;:•-:-' '¦.-.¦ ' ••¦-¦, - .•-* '•
Members of the Athenian Club, Athens
Parlor No. 195, Native Sons of the Golden
West; Republican' Alliance, "Oakland
Lodge No. 171, Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks, and Brooklyn Lodge No.
225,- F. and A. M., attended the services.
There was no music. -Rev. B. Fay. Mills
gave a brief address in appropriate words
of . consolation and after a . touching
prayer read two selections in verse,
breathing a theme of hopefulness and
sympathy. • •
After that the friends had opportunity
to view the face of the dead. The casket
was borne to the waiting hearse by eight
employes of the Tubbs Cordage Company.
J. Mallori, H. Cortsen; W. Burke, T.
O'Brien, , M. . Kopp, William Follmer, J.
Hopper and J. G. Phelps. :The honorary
pallbearers : were Felton Taylor, G.- Rus
sell Lukens, J. Cal Ewlng, Charles H.
Lovell, W. E. Griffith, J. E. Grimes, A;
N. Peach and. J. A.. Campbell.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 19.
In the presence of the family, relatives
and intimate friends, the Rev. Benjamin
Fay Mills, -minister of the First Unitar
ian Church, conducted this afternoon the
simple service which marked the last
rites over the late Herman A. Tubbs.
The young widow was absent, her in
juries sustained in the accident at Sausa
lito Monday, where the husband lost his
life, preventing her from leaving the hill
side villa, their, home since the mar
riage in January. . "."" ¦ ' "
The funeral was held from the resi
dence, 266 East Twelfth street, the Tubb3
family home for forty years. In the dark
ened parlors rested the casket, sur
rounded by many - beautiful flowers;
tokens of sympathy from various organi
zations, friends and relatives. A pall of
lavender and white sweet peas overlaid
the casket as an emblem from the aged
mother.
Herman Tubbs' Funeral
Is Conducted From
Old Home.
President Acxious That
V
Reduction Be Grant
ed This Session.
WIDOW'S INJURY
KEEPS HER AWAY
MAY TAKE VOTE
ON CUBAN BILL
SANTA ROSA, June 19.— Andrew Jewell,
youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. A. Jewell,
prominent residents? of Guerneville, was
drowned in the Russian river yesterday
afternoon. He was seven years of age.
With his older brother he was playing in
the water and went beyond his depth.
Chiid Drowned in a River.
BOSTON. Mass.. Jur.e 19. — The two games
between liosten and New York scheduled lor
to-day were postjjoned. Rain.
CINCINNATI, June 10. — The Chicago team
landed on Hahn's delivery to-day and hit him
t.11 over the lot. A questionable decision by
Umpire Powers cost the Cincinnati team three
runs and the game in the third Inning. At
tendance, 1000. Score :
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 5 9 2
Chicago 7 13 3
Uattertes — Hahn and Peitz: Lundbom and
Chance. Umpires — Powers and Brown.
PTTTSBrjRO, June 19. — Four hits and two
errors in the third inning gave St. Louis the
Kaine. Outside of this Inning- the game was
brilliant. The O'Neil battery did good work
nr.<i Pittcburg could make hits only when hits
were net effective. Attendance, 2900. Score:
R. H. E.
Pltttburg 2 11 4
St. Louis 3 0 2
Batteries — Tannehil! and Zimmer; M. O'Neil
and J. O'Neil. Umpire; — O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. June 19. — Donovan pitched
a rteady effectl\-<? game against which Phil
adelphia' could make no headway. Brooklyn
lit Dujrgleby at times. Attendance, 18S8.
Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 6 12 2
PfaUa£elpfal» 1 6 2
Pattrrl<?s — Donovan and Farrell; Duggleby
arid Jacklitsch. Umpire — Emslle. ; .•_•-
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
COHEDY OF ERRORS
GIVES CHICAGO THE GAME
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, June 19. — Stupid work by Slever
gave Boston a lead in the first inning and they
were never headed. Attendance, 2800. Score:
It. H. E.
Detroit .' 15 5
Boston 4 7 2
Batteries — Elever and Euelow; Winters and
V>'arner.
CHICAGO. June 19. — The Baltlmores had a
bad case of rattles in the first- inning, a gift,
a sacrifice, ar. trror. a wild pitch and a scratch
single giving the local tc-am all -the runs scored.
Only one hit was made off Callahaa until the
ninth. Attendance, 2120. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 4 1
Baltimore 0 3 1
Batteries — Callahaa and McFaxland; Cronln
and Bresnahan.
CLEVELAND, O.. June 19. — Two sensational
catches by Ryan In the eighth and ninth In
nings prevented Cleveland from winning out.
Score :
R. H. E.
Cleveland 3 9 3
Washington 5 11 2
Batteries — p.ernhard and 3emls; Orth and
Clark.
ST. LOI'IS. Mo., June 19. — Four hits, includ
ing a. double and three St. Louis errors, gave
the Philadelphia team five runs and the game
in the seventh Inning. Aside from this one
ir.ning the gam* was a. pitchers' battle between
Hustings and Harper. Attendance, 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Ft. Louis 3 12 4
Philadelphia « 10 3
Batteries — Harper and Sugden; Hastings and
Powers.
Reports from the various bureau officers
are submitted to show the cost of the
Philippine war, including outstanding ob
ligations, showing that the total cost to
date is HT0,326,5S6.
"WASHINGTON. June 19.— Secretary
Root to-day made answer to the Senate
resolution of April 17 calling- for informa
tion as to the cost of the war in the
Philippines. It is shown that $50,000 was
advanced for the expenses of the Philip
pine Commission originally from the
United States ihJa year, but this amount
afterward was reimbursed out of the
Philippine treasury. For the transporta
tion of troops and supplies to and from
the Philippines since the peace treaty waa
ratified the cost has been $4,803,448.
ficers Show an. Expenditure of
S17O,326,586.
Sepcrts From the Various Bureau Of-
COST OF THE WAR
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Though his marriage was childless. King Al
bert and his wife lived most happily together
for more than a full half-century and made
themselves popular and beloved by their people.
After the return home of Emperor William
end his eon. Prince Albert commanded the al
lied forces left behind In France, and at the
close of the war wae made field marshal and
Inspector general of the German army.
*m his accession to the throne in 1S73 King
Albert at once gave an earnest of his intention
to devote himself to promoting- the welfare of
the people under his rule. Saxony prospered
and her commerce and Industries grew fast.
In the Franco-Prussian wer (1870-71) the
Saxon division under the immediate command
of Prince Albert was attached to the corps of
Frederick Charles <the Red Prince) of Prus
e a. ( He did effective work before Metz, at
Sedan, and at the siere of Paris, where he
held the right bank of the Seine.
He had borne hirr.self with euch gallantry,
however, and made euch a record tn the field
that when the Saxon army was made a part
of the military force of the Northern German
federation a leading position was accorded to
him by the Prussian chief.
Albert found defeat with his new allies on
the bloody field of Eadowa, and eaw his coun
try overrun by the Prussian forces. Heavy in
cemnlty waa wrung from her, and her chief
fortress was given up to the enemy.
In the AuEtro-Prunetan war of 1866, hi«
country havine sided with Austria, Prince Al
bert apain took the field, but against hl« for
mcr friend and companion In arms, Frederick
William."
The revolution cf IMS interrupted Albert's
Studies at Ronn and he returned home. In the
following year he saw service in the war
aca.ir.st Denmark and distinguished himself by
his bravery. He won promotion after promo
tion until he km in cumnand of all the Saxon
infantry.
lie succeeded to the throne on the death ot
his rather October 29. 1ST3. He was married
June IS, lHXi. to Princess Karola, daughter of
I'rince Guetav cf Vasa. Leaving no Issue,
the eucccsslon vests In his brother. Prince
George, who Is but four years his Junior.
King Albert's father. King: Johann, was a
worthy member of the houss cf Wettlo, the
oldet-t sovereign family of Europe, and to
which King Edward cf Great Britain belongs.
Johann was famed for his learning and his
literary tastes, and it was under his careful
iind Judicious direction that Albert was edu
cated and fitted for the Bonn University, which
be f-atered at the age of 10. Here he met tha
ih>*n -Crown Prince Frederick of Germany,
father of the nrpeent Emperor, and between
the two there EDrang up a warm friendship,
which grew closer an the years went by.
The late King Albert was born AdH1 23,
ZKZH. He was the eldest son cf Kins: Johann
of Saxony and Queen Amalla, daughter ot
Maximilian I of Bavaria.
DHESDEN', Saxony. June 19.— King Al
bert of Saxony died at 8:05 p. m. to-day.
l>uring his illness he designated his eld
est brother, Prince George, to be his rep
zesor.tative In affairs of state. The King
ol Saxony had no children, consequently
Prince George, his eldest brother, is heir
io ihf throne of Saxony.
LONDON, June 19.— Owing to the death
of the King of Saxony, the bail which
was to have been given at Windsor Castle
Friday night will be abandoned.
Prince George, Brother of the
Dead Ruler, Is Heir
to the Throne.
Death Enters the Oldest
Sovereign Family
of Europe.
KING OF SAXONY
YIELDS UP LIFE
WOODMEN PARADE OAKLAND STREETS IN GREAT NUMBERS
AND SPEND AN EVENING OF GAYETY AT ELKS' CARNIVAL
ANOTHER VESSEL
IS ON THE BEACH
Steam Schooner Eureka
Goes Ashore Near
Mussel Rock.
Crew Gets to Land Safely,
Though First Boatload
Is Capsized.
The steam schooner Eureka is ashors
about ten miles south of the Cliff Housa
and just north of Mussel Rock. She wan
dered cut into the fog from the safe shel
ter of the bay yesterday afternoon and
soon became bewildered and helpless in
the enshrouding mist and fluttered blindly
to her doom on the sand "which holds
her in its stubborn clutch.
The vessel is aground about four mile3
below the bones of the schooner Re
porter, which went ashore under very
similar circumstances a few months ago.
The Eureka left this port yesterday
afternoon, with Captain Schou in com
mand, laden with lumber and merchandise
for -the city of Eureka. At 9 o'clock last
night she ran on the beach, far out ot
her course. The first news of the disaster'
that had overtaken the vessel was
brought to the Southslde Life-saving Sta
tion, four miles below the cliff, by a be
draggled sailor, who came there to apply
for helD. He said that as soon as tha
vessel was beyond aid a boat was lowered
and the men aboard prepared to get
ashore. The first boatload was capsized,
the surf running high, but the sailors
managed to right the boat and got ashore.
The Eureka was lying broadside on.
the man said. The crew waa gathered
around a bonfire its membera had built
on the beach.
The life-saving crew started out for tha
wreck, pushing a boat on rollers. It waa
understood that the captain would re
main aboard the ship and that the sail
ors would all come to the station.
It was supposed that the incoming tide
would throw the Eureka higher up on the
beach and render her a hopeless wreck.
Just how the wrecked vessel got out of
her course was not learned.
WILLIAM C. PULLMAN
DIES AT CHICAGO HOMB
Superintendent Sayers of the local Pin
kerton agency received a telegram from
William A. Pinkerton yesterday morning:
announcing the death of the latter's son
in-law, William C. Pullman of Chicago."
Pullman visited San Francisco some years
ago and has many friends here.
Deceased was a nephew of George M.
Pullman, and formerly occupied a re
sponsible position with the Pullman Car
Company. Later he became a manufac
turer of various electrical devices. Mrs.
Pullman and her two children survive
him.
Mayor Causes Consternation.
The reductions and eliminations mada
by Mayor Schmitz in the tax budget has
caused consternation In the several de
partments affected by the veto power or
the chief executive. Dr. Williamson,
president of the Health Board, stated yes
terday that the large cut made in the
Health Department will seriously cripple
it. He refers to the elimination • of the.
item for salary of statistician on the
ground that one of the clerks can do tha
work, yet the Mayor also abolished the
positions of assistant secretary and ona
clerk. Commissioner Casey of the Board
of Works declined to express an opinion.
Other heads of departments said that the
abolishing of positions would necessitate*
reductions in salaries in order to provida
sufficient help to do the city's business.
Young Men's Institute Picnic.
Five councils of the Young Men's Insti
tute held their regular annual picnic and
outing yesterday at Fernbrook Park.
Niles Canyon. The councils consisted o£
Washington No. 6 of San Francisco, Oak
land No. 6 of Oakland, American No. 3
of Oakland, California No. 24 of Alameda
and Alameda No. 47 of Alameda. The day
was pleasantly spent in roaming: over th»
hills and dancing in the pavilion. A large
and varied programme of races and
games was arranged, and afforded much,
amusement to the participants and th<*
spectators. Nearly 1000 people attended
the outing.
News in Army Circles.
John R. McGinnls, lieutenant colonel
and chief ordnance officer of the De
partment of California, has been pro
moted to the rank of colonel to fill tha
vacancy caused by the retirement of Coi
onel William A. Mayre. The transport
Logan is reported to have left Nagasaki
yesterday with about 1200 passengers
aboard. Twenty unclaimed bodies of sol
diers who died in the Philippines service
will be buried to-day in the National
Cemetery at the Presdio.
Woodmen's Initiation.
Woodward's Pavilion will be converted
into a "Woodmen's camp to-morrow night
for the purpose of initiating the lcrgest
class of candidates that has ever been
initiated in this city at one time in any
order. The fifteen camps of the city will
have candidates, and it is expected that
more than 700 will receive the degree at
that time. The famous ritualistic team
of Maple Camp of Centerville will ba
present to give the ritualistic work.
Sues for a Reward.
Andrew J. McCarron sued Albert C. Ad
ler yesterday in the Justices' Court for
$25 alleged to be due a3 a reward for the*
recovery of a dog lost by the defendant.
McCarron alleges that Adler placed an
advertisement in a newspaper that ha
would pay $25 for the return of the dos,
but refused to do so after the dog was
put in his possession through McCarron's
efforts. ¦ •
Reinsurance Bates.
. The rate on the British bark Patterdal« was
advanced yesterday to 70 per cent. It was an*
nounced yesterday by M. A. Newell & Co. that
next Wednesday the German ship H. F. Glade
would bo officially posted as missing.
The St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance Asso
ciation of California will hold its twenty
ninrh annual picnic on Sunday next at
Schuetzen Park.
St. Patrick's Alliance Picnic.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAy, JUNE 20, 1902.
9
DOAN'S KIDNEY P1ILS.
Fcasejht;
Many More Like It In San Francisco*
\ The following case Is but one of many
similar occurring dally in San Franelsco;
It is an easy matter to verify its correct-
ness. Surely you cannot ask for better
proof than such conclusive evidence.
- William Blackwell of 14 Jackson street
says: "If all troubled with pain in their
back and annoyed from the action of tha
kidney secretions could have these ended
as quickly as the use of Doan's Kidney
Pills ended mine, backache and its ac-
companying ills need have no terrors for
sufferer3 from kidney complaint. I had
considerable annoyance from pain in my
back, and I knew from the condition of
the kidney secretions that the kidneys
were at fault. Doan'a Kidney Pills, pro-
cured at the Owl Drug Company, llij
Market street, stopped the last attack."
For sale by all dealers, price 60 centj.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y., sola
agents for the United States.
Remember the name — Doan's — *a4 taka
no substitute - #THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1902.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisoo
CalL corner of Market and -Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
J941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 s. tn.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Comm andery No. 1. K. __t
T., S Post ft. — Regular assembly *gBT"*
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 EJ
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All , QW
fraters cordially Invited. By order of ~ r •
the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
THE St. John's day outing of the gA
PAST MASTERS' ASSOCIA- 0%
TION, F. and A. M., will be B \%.
held on SATURDAY, June 21, M8t&£\
at Schuetzen Park. Boats leave /tf**ttk
Tiburon ferry at 9 and 11 a. 0%*JT\ .
m.. 12:30, 1:50 and 3:30 p. m flS^y!rfy
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. F.
—INITIATION THIS (FRIDAY)
EVENING at S o'clock. Memorial
Hall. Visitors cordially invited, 'w/ttw
W. H. GIBSON. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
EUREKA Lodge No. 9. K. of P.. will 2C
okt.U-t the knight rank, long form, ,. Jfc»
«n 5 esquires on FRIDAY. 20th w^PfZ
Inst. at 909 Market st: a.11 knights ii&SA?
are invited F. O. RAABE. E. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. of R. & S.
OFFICERS and brothers of Court Gol-^j^y
den Gate SS71. A. O. F.. are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our Jf\
late brother. RAMIRO ESTRELLA, &_*»
on SATURDAY, June 21, at 2 p. m ., from
the funeral parlors of Julius Godeau, 305
Montgomery avenue. Fine for non-attend-
ance. Per order
EUGENE CLANCY. C. R.
C. P. RICHARDSON. Fin. Sec.
6AN FRANCISCO Tent No. .^fSHw&k.
18. K. O. T. M.— Review £2?—^?s\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- rfeS <9j
ING. at S o'clock. Pioneer E*4jl Stywjjl
Hall, 24 Fourth st. *_2 AF*Um
H. H. CASTLE, '^SZttZti/
Record Keeper.
REGULAR MEETING of the CAL- . «Tv
EDONIAN CLUB THIS EVEN- 5W S$y
ING at S o'clock. Scottish Kail. II" "^X**
Larkin st. A. M. MACPHF.RSON, "•¦— ~ k
Chief. JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secy.
AGENTS WANTED.
A — LADY agent wanted in every town to In-
troduce the best seller on earth; entirely new
and success guaranteed. Write at once, GLOB.
ULE MEDICAL CO., 426 Kearny st. S. F.
ALLADIO CREAM CHEESE.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream;
easily digested; a dinner however plain is
made more enjoyable by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets. or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1206 Sutter st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established lti yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: phone Mint 865. S19 Market et.
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
ing; private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W. Davidson, 927 Market
JOHN R. AITKEN, attorney at law. Rooms
309-10-11. Clunle bldg.. 503 California st
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bl.lg., 927 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLE* — For Sale or Exchan&e.
ALLEN has beet bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing. tireE, bells. 301
Larkin, 3l»5 Market, 19CS to 1974 Page.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A — $300; SALOON: rent 520; clears $75 month.
A — $275; cigar store; rent $15; recpts$30day.
$125; branch bakery, coffee parlor; clears $50.
A — $650; grocery and bar; receipts $25 day.
For bargains see STRAND. &. CO.. 78 Third.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. .
X^So^ROOMsTciears $95? only ".". 1 . . ... • • 5800
12 rooms; corner; clears $50 325
45 rooms; clears $200 2200
20 rooms; clears $60 200
18 rooms; Just listed. t 650
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100 1300
100 rooms: clears $600 9500
RETSLOFF, McMILLEN & CO., tel. John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstalre. rooms 7-8).
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st
We have rooming-bouses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms; sunny; g.-od renter 950
6 rooms; sunny fiat; corner 200
II rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
A. CAMERON _ CO..
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
nesa to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to show
houses; carriage at door. Money loaned. 1%
per cent.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market at., upstair*, near Call building.
/ A— ble — free — l_t — at — my — office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
3 Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. fiats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market at.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
i Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
TO buy a lo(Jging-b' x '*se, board ing-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 017 Market st. bet. 5th and 6th.
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
WINSTON & WOLF.
Phone Jessie 2211. 1026 Market st
21 rooms; rent $50: part cash $12oO
45 rooms; rent $100; new furuiture.... 2500
28 rooms; must sell: make offer; cheap rent.
39 rooms; rent $82; a money-maker.. 1850
98 rms.; modern; elev.; cor.; reduced. 6500
A — $600; LODGING-HOUSE. 2<) rooms. 30
beds; rent $20; best location on water front.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
CORNER house: 12 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251% Mis*-
Bion St., cor. Ninth.
$100 WILL put you In a 16-room bouse: newly
furnished: will clear $50 over expenses. In-
quire at 842 Howard st
FURNISHED lodging-house; 19 rooms; good lo-
cation; electric lighted; rent $39. 12 Steuart.
$75 WILL put you In a house newly furnished
clearing $25 per month. Inquire 842 Howard.
$300 — 9 HOUSEKEEPING rooms;* gas ranges;
pays $25. JAMES MORSE, 632 Market, r. 5.
FOR SALE — 12-room transient house; paying;
cheap rent 219A Mason st.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY]~~1052~^iiiis~st." near^FrankHnT
materializing seance; Sun., Tues. and Friday
nights. 50c; psychic seance Mon. and Wed.
nights, 25c; readings dally; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader: sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell st. nr. Gough: Ellis car.
ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night;
best tests 10c; readings 00c-$l. 132 Sixth st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774- 15th, nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.; 25c; readings dally.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance, test medium ;readings
50c. $1. 316 Third st; cir. Tues., Fri., 25c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD. I
BOOKS of a.11 kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 114'J Market; teL Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$550 — COAL and wood yard on Howard st; es- ,
t&bltshed 25 years; two wagons, horse, etc.; j
a. good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE.
26 1* Kearny Et.
A — SJ1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
st; 4 Iivine-rooms ; rent $45; pla.ee estab-
lished veare; in short, a good business. See
R. G. WILKE. SOtf Kearny Et
A— $1400; SALOON on Geary st.; choice cor-
ner; card and club rooms; nice fixtures; a
¦we 11 -patronized and good-paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A — CORNER grocery and bar in best part of
the city; owner will sell at invoice price as
he must leave for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant; rent ?25; with 5 rooms, $35;
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $1300; SALOON established many years,
doing a good buElness; clearing at least $150
per month; a good investment Call R. G.
WILKE, 20 ij Kearny et.
A— $750: PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; article eold in every grocery store;
big money in sight Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny Et.
A — 5230; OYSTER and chop house on Larkin '
st; rent fl6; good location and good busi- :
net*. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $650; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
rrith 3 livinz rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion: eood paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $500; CORNER grocery and bar, with llv-
lng-roon_; rent $42; best location on Leav-
enworth st.; eood paying. Call B, G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny et
JOSEPH ETRAUB.
A— Old-established good-paying saloon and
lodging-house of 14 well-furnished rooms;
¦never empty; good bar trade; good locality.
A — Butcher ehop. nicely fitted up. in good
neighborhood; nice, clean; cood cash trade
A — Coffee and lunch parlor In wholesale
district; no r.ieht or Sunday work; paying
preposition.
A— Nice little well-paying grocery and bar;
grood corner on street car line; living-rooms.
A — Restaurant near Mission and 16th ets ;
owner has to co East; worth to look at
A— French restaurant near Market st •
this t a very good paying place and well
worth tnvestUzation; a fine opening.
A — Oyster and chop house in good local-
ity; rent 51C: erlce 5200; a bargain
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market gt
BOME bargains at McBride & Co.'i, 765 Markt
$120 — Home bakery with bake oven; boss sick.
$140 — Restaurant; must be sold.
$700 — Roadhouse near city; rood trade
$300 — Saloon near water front; more bargalnb.
CHICKEN ranches. Fruitvale. $300. $500- bar-
gains. McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market st
NOTICE to buv«rs and sellers — We buy
sell or exchange any legitimate business
quickly for ca*h. JOHN LUNDIN CO
Real Estate and Buslnets Brokers, Sis Kear-
ny st, rooms 1-2, successors to P S de
Luca Co. Phone Red 4S40. " '
$500— DELICACY and dairy produce store; best
location; Cth st; clears $100 per month- liv-
ing rooms in rear; good value; make offer to-
day. P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. SlSivearny et.
$400— GROCERY and liquor store- invoice
price; Market st; rent $11; Jiving room- re-
celpts $12 day. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Partner for crood business proposi-
tion; can clear $200 per month; $750 reaulred
Acdrees FRANK HALL. Russ House.
WANTED — I want to buy an interest in
wholesale comir.iBsion or hardware business
Address box 112S. Call. •
HOME Realty Co.. S73 Market (formerly Geo
Newton & Co.. 759 Market)— Legitimate busil
ness; lodging-houses & restaurants specialty.
$0T>0-^Restaurant with 17 well-furnished rooms-
large business. Call at once 6O4 Third st'
APRICOT crop for eale on trees. Address 1833
JPclih at.
laundry m cspcase8 -
$00 MONTHLY; partner wanted with $J50*
Kenteel, profitable business; young man pre-
ferred. Address box 382. San Rafael, Marin
OLD-ESTABLISHED, well equipped barber
fchop for Bale on account of sickness of own-
*r. - Address immediately The W. A. Mac-
kinder Co... Agents, St Helena.
$3C» — SALOON: good trade; full value; 3 back
rooci£; rent $15; must be sold at once occu
Third st. ! ¦ ¦
TOR .e_e — Small grocery and bar on account of
coin? East. L. SCHAEFER. 1552 Folsom st,
cor. Twelfth.
A — $750 — CAXDY and Ice cream parlor. Room
SOD, 927 Market st.. bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
$250 — SALOON; rooms, large yard; waterfront;
70 Jackson st. ; must sell: bargain; rent $15.
ROUTE In Western Addition; building up dls-
irict; reasons. bie. Box 1792. CalL
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A—" PROFTpAUlTDESTINi^
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted dally on all
affairs of life; his information and advice
on marriage, divorce, separation, love and
family affairs, business transactions, law-
suits, mining, etc., are accurate and truth-
ful; he reunites the saparated. settles lovers*
quarrels, causes speedy -.marriages, makes
you successful and prosperous; locates hid-
den treasures and mines; settles old estates
and accounts that time and circumstances
have placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness;
long-standing and chronic diseases that have
baffled the physician's skill cured without
the use of medicine; there Is no home so
sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
lonely, no life so hard and blighted that can-
rot be set right and kept right after a visit
to this inspired man of modern times; no
matter what trouble you may have, call and
be will help you or charge nothing for his
ten-ices ; * "palmistry taught, mediumistic
persons developed;" learn a profession that
will bring you from $10 to $25 per day; 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. ; fee, reasonable.
326 O'Farrell Street 326
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?"
PROFESSOR MARCO
Reunites the separated,
Caufces speedy marriages:
Advice given on any subject;
Mediums developed (guarantee);
Palmistry taught;
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Office. 412 Post St.— 412.
Daily. 10 to 12. 2 to 5, 7 to 9.
Sunday*. 2 to 5 p. m.
! 1 I THEO IS COMING ! t !
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmiet, permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
C p. m.; readings by mall as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered, .$1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A— 25c; SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c:
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages in 9 days. 10 to 8
dally. 1010 Mls3ion St.. near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. Eit $1 50. 126 Turk.
DON'T be deceived by large advertisements;
call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palm-
lst; readings by mall. 1016 Market st
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MME. JACQUES. 1035 Market st, suite 1—
Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant; readings
daily this week, 25c and up; hours 10 to 9.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1200 Market
gt, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M.. WILLE. 514 Taylor st. clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m.to 8 p.m.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MARCEAU. clairvoyant card reader;
25 cents. 625 Minna st.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. 621% Eddy.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for SI. 100S& Market, op. 5th.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by malL 125 Turk st
MRS. HOUS1SR. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings COc. 221 Fifth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c; gents SOc: readings dally. 132 SlxUTst.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Icg Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd ;upholster-
1 Ing. 1213 Marketbet.Sth&9th;teI. Howard 2012.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
11 *' 8 Superior Carpet-beating Works,
33j Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
TRY Hopke Broe.' excellent carpet-cleaning.
411-413 Powell st, phone Bush 421.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th et.; tel. Mission 74.
2 CO^IjECTION OFFICES. j
ADVICE free — Columbian Xaw and Collection
Agcy., r. 85, 916 Market st: phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st
- COTTAGES TO LET.
A NEW story and half cottage. 6 rooms and
bath, modern. 3952 Nineteenth st., bet. Noe
and Sanchez; near two car lines.
$12 50—4 ROOMS; nearly new. Douglass and
Twenty-first sts.: Castro cars.
DENTISTS.
A GRADUATE specialist in each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices in S, F. :
painless extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS, Pres.. 969 Mission st, SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651. '
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50-
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
' ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth 6t
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
Fashionable dressmaker — Miss L. V. Clarke,
1123 Powell: orders promptly attended to.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD^F^CHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free. ¦
A — ft" Gregg- stenographers are not fast writers,
¦how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 In April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College, 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S.P: — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, iaw and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc.. with Golden
Gate Commercial College, .130 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers* Business College, 723 Market
st for their new catalogue; it Is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. . mining, mech. , sur-
vey,. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st;
SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth;
• Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher Westdesires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting.120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Vrof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F..
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help, 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, .415 Stock-
ton; tel Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay v
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A — FIRST-CLASS maid and seamstress; best of
city references. Call at J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st ,¦
BY a first-class laundress, city or country;
best of references. Call J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter st.
PLAIN sewing done very neatly; children's
clothes a specialty; prices very reasonable.
Call or address MRS. KARSTADT, 40J3
Eighteenth st, near Castro.
INTELLIGENT, experienced lady desires posi-
tion to manage first class rooming house, or
assist with same, or any responsible position
Box 1131. Call.
PROTESTANT woman, trustworthy person
wishes permant place in small family; rea-
sonable wages. Box 1132, Call.
EXPERIENCED girl wants position housework
and cooking. Call 1926 Ellis, rear, upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS fitter and competent dress-
maker wishes work by the day In families;
city or country. Box 1118. Call office.
WANTED — Position as companion to lady trav-
eling; can furnish references. Address MISS
SMITH, box 1120, Call office. J
A YOUNG housework girl, good cook, wants a
situation near Golden Gate Park. Telephone
Main 5472.
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to as-
sist with light housework in small American
family; references. Apply 412 Linden ave.
CAPABLE woman 'wants position as house-
keeper on ranch or mining camp. 016 Howard.
YOUNG English lady wishes position In pho-
tography; 2 years' experience in retouching;
Rmall salary to start 1333 Union st.
DRESSMAKER would like few more engage-
ments; will go out or make over dresses at
home. 232 Hyde st.. room 8. .
WANTED — By a colored woman, cooking in
private family; references. 1232 Pacific st
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
•A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia gt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
EXPERIENCED wholesale merchandise broker
desires position, office, traveling or salesman.
Address ; box 1117, Call office.
BARBER — Two-years' apprentice barber wishes
a place to work. Address box 1127, Call.
YOUNG German with good experience wishes
situation as fireman or second engineer. Box
1070. Call office.
JAPANESE, good experienced cook, wants sit-
uation in hotel, boarding-house or family.
S. I., 256A O'Farrell st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant upper flat, 6 sunny rooms and
basement; just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sts.: half block from Market
Bt. ; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
THREE modern sunny flats, 6 rooms and bath;
Alabama st., near Twenty-fourth; reasonable.
Inquire 2951 Twenty-fourth st. cor. Alabama.
NEW, light, eunny, lower, handsome, up-to-
date; 7 & S rms; marine view. 2521 Van Ness.
A MODERN flat of 5 rooms and bath, Rincon
Hill. 161 Hawthorne st. near Harrison. .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with" No. 1
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNISHED house, 6 rooms, bath; 3 rooms
bring in $20; rent $17. 320 Linden ave. >,
FURNITURE WANTED.
OTTO MAX, 1420 California st.7 pays highest
price for houses, flats, stores, etc. ; auction
estimates made. Phone Larkin 956.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOOLPERT..773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
: FURNITURE AND MATTRESSES.
¦LOW prices and good work in making over
. furniture and mattresses. I HOPKE BROS..
411 and 413 Powell st : tel. Bush 421.
GLOVES. ____^_ J^.
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant jtve^
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
I HOTEL DEPARTMENT. . ••»•?•;
5 waitresses, Santa Cruz f£>
2 waitresses, L'ake County fare both ways. $20
2 waitresses, Sonoma County,' fare paid. .$2o
Waitresses,* Shasta County, fare paid $¦£»
3 waitresses, same country hotel $25
Chambermaid, country hotel, fare advanced.
...¦••• ...••»¦••... ,.¦•¦•,......«>.¦•¦¦¦ $20
Waitress, same place ?20
3 waitresses, same summer resort, fare
one way ' $2a
Chambermaids to wait, resorts $25
5 laundresses, different country resorts, . .
fare paid ' $25
Hundreds of more places in this department,
call and see us if you want work, highest
wages paid and fare paid to nearly all coun-
try places
2 chambermaids city $17 50-$25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurse, care of one child, 3 months old,
$20; housegirls, second girls, nursegirls,
cooks, others, city and country and resorts...
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..420 Bush st.
....Opposite California Hotel bet Kearny
•_¦ and Grant avenue
A — 2 MORE extra waitresses, $1 50 a day, free
fare, Santa Cruz for 5 days'.
' C. R. HANSEN & CO , 429 Bush st.
AN all round cook private boarding hous?,
city $40....
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
HEAD waitress, springs, free fare both ways.
$35; 4 waitresses, Bartlett Springs, fare
both ways, $20; 4 waitresses, Highland
Springs, fare both ways, $20; 6 waitresses,
Santa Cruz Mountains, fares naid, $25; 4
. waitresses, springs, Santa Clara Co., fares
paid, $25; 2 waitresses, soda snrings, fares
paid, $25;' waitress, Laurel Dell, Lake Co.,
$20; 0 waitresses, first-class commercial ho-
tels, ?25.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary.
WANTED — i housework eirls, little wash, $30;
cook, institution, ?40; head waitress, $35.
country hotel; Catholic housekeeper, $20; 10
waitresses for summer resorts. $25; colored
butler. $30; man and wife, • small country
place, $40; 8 chambermaids, assist waiting,
family hotel, city, $20-$25; laundress, $30:
housework, Sausalito, $35; 50 girls for all
kinds of housework at $20, $25, $30; call
to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., -334 Sutter.
TEN first class waitresses for the springs. $25
and fare paid; call early. MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter st. near Powell.
A LAUNDRESS on plain work for a private
family, S30 and found. MISS PLUNKETT,
' 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomerj', rm. 12.
Head waitress for resort; free fare; $35.
NOi EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32^ FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. -
PACIFIC College, 1236 Market, cor. Jones and
McAllister; learn for $5; halrdressing, mas-
sage, dyeing, manicuring, switches, etc.; po-
sitions guar. in stores and private; day, eve.
WANTED — Operators for shirt waists and
wrappers. Apply MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket street.
LADY stenographer; state salary expected;
don't apply unless thoroughly competent.
Box 1114, Call. -
EXPERIENCED lunch and dinner waltrees; 6
hours a day; $25 per mo.; also 3-meal wait-
. ress. 725 Market st.
LADIES — Learn to make, beautiful laces on
"The Princess Lace Loom," and earn pin
money; laces bought. 36 Metropole, 6 Turk.
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
A GTRL for cooking. 1005 Lombard st. Call
mornlnss.
WANTED — Waitress at 7 Taylor st.
A NEAT, willing girl, German . preferred ; gen-
eral housework; small family. 851 Fulton st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; wages
$25. 2314 California st
WANTED — Shoe fitters, dry and wax thread,
also edge setter and bottom flnisher.26 Main.
WANTED — A eirl-for cooking for two weeks.
Apply 911 Larkin st. ' ¦
WANTED— Waitress. 113 Turk st.
$4 50 — HAIRDRESSING, , manicuring, mas-
sage, hair work taught in 2 weeks; positions
guaranteed in stores and with, private cus-
tomers,' $50 and $75 per month; class day
and evening. College 233 Geary st, rs. 13-15.
LADIES to "learn barber trade; only two
months required; special offer this month;
hairdresslng taught In four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. ROSEN-
BLUM & ABRAHAM. Odd Fellows' bldg.,
1103 Market st.
GIRL or middle-aged woman wanted to do
housework, Alameda; wages $15. Box 1108,
Call office.
FINISHERS and edge-basters wanted to work
by the week; steady work; good pay. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 535 Market st. ,
WANTED — Housekeeper, small family; wages
. $10 up. Box 1153, Call.
REFINED, cultured woman for high-class po-
sition with wholesale house. Box 1124, Call.,
WANTED — A woman, good cook, for men. Ap-
ply 2030 Seventeenth st., corner Vermont
SMALL girl, care for children; can sleep home.
506 Castro st. . '
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats; good .wages;
steady; call at once. 112 Kearny st., room 7.
MILLINERY, thorough course, $1 per week;
day .and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st
..... Between Kearny st. and Grant ave.-;....
Opposite California Hotel
ATTENTION!
A Special Shipment To-day
FOR NEVADA AND UTAH •....
No Office Fee ..Free Fare
Free Fare '. No ¦ Office Fee
...COSTS YOU NOTHING— GO TO-DAY...
Carload of teamsters R. R. work
Carload of laborers, :.R.R. work
Carload of concrete' men R. R. work
Carload of tunnelmen..... R. R. worR
Wages......... $2, $2 25, $2 50 and $3 a day
Come One Come All
< FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen, drillers, headers and muck-
ers $2 to $3 a day
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare
Blacksmith for R. R. camp, $2 a day; harness
maker for R. R. camp, $50 and found; free
fare ..........
50 laborers, near city, $2 a day; 50 lumber
pliers and laborers for mill and woods, $35
and found; 6 millwrights, $3 50 a day; 6 car-
penters, country, $3 a day; 20 farmers, milk-
ers, choremen .and others, $25 to $50 and fd.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker and pastry cook for the springs, $80;
second cooks, broilers and fryers, $45 to $70;
2 butchers, country shops, $30 and $35; office
boy, hotel, city, $20 to $30; 10 bell boys, city.
$10 to $15: 20 dishwashers for resorts and
springs. $25 and $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO .429 Bush st^
AT THE CAL EMP AGENCY. 59 Third st.
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA.
Free fare Free fare
100 teamsters........ $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rockmen ..$2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Mendoclno County Big sawmill
50 railroad laborers. $26 per month and board
12 "sawmill and woodsmen ...... '
• •••• $26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY. FREE FA'-iK
5 carpenters' helpers..... ..'...... $2 per day
3 carpenters, country ...... $3 5Q per day
10 lumber pliers, sawmill
. $10 per month and board
2 head setters. .$3 per day
20 woodsmen. .$40 to $60 per month and board
4 smelter men .$72 per month
Camp cook. 35 men $45 per month
4 men to pitch hay.. .$1 50 per day and board
Camp blacksmith, horseshoer. .$2 60 per day
10 mill and woodsmen. Slsklyou County......
..'.... ...$60 a month
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St.— Second
cook for resort, $40; second cook, city. $40;
short order cook, $40; assistant cook, coun-
try, $30; ¦ vegetablemen, dishwashers, pot-
washers, $25 to $30; waiter, country, i $30 :
night waiter, $45; stableman, country, $30:
farm hands, .men for grading, etc.. private
place, Sonoma County; carpenter, city. $3 50
a day, etc. )
50 QUARRYMEN and rock drillers. $2 and
» $2 25. per. day. Apply 212 Ninth st.
HELP WASTED— MALE— C«>w.
A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St....
.............. Phone Main 5848 ,
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
State of Utah Vi
.State* of Nevada
.State of Arizona......
5000 Railroad men wanted
FREE ..-. SPECIAL.'..,' FREE
-. . . . Ship daily. .'. \
Salt Lake division, Moleen, Rokeby, Felen,
Wells. Carlin, Battle Mtn., Palisade, Reno,
Wadsworth, Clarke, Lucin, Stonehouse, Pres-
cott ....
FREE
1000 Teamsters.. .-i 50 car dumpers
1500 Laborers 1000 Concrete mixers
1 Drillers, Rockmen Carpenters, helpers
.' SHIP FREE DAILY
....35 Laborers Santa Fe Co.'s own work....
ARIZONA ..._•••
....00 Teamsters RR, work nearTPrescott. ...
MINES
50 laborers,- good mine, north, no experi-
ence required, $40 to $52 and f d. ; furnace
man for mine, $75; 15 laborers. South, no ex-
perience required on this job. $42 and fd. ; 10
miners. South, $57 and fd.; 15 miner3, North,
$75 and $90. ......: -
..List of jobs ready at 7 a. m.
MISCELLANEOUS
Choreman, private place. $25 and fd. ; 4-
. hcrse teamster, dairy, $35 and fd. ; Married
teamster, country job, year round. $45 and
house; 6 stablemen; coachman, good job, Ala-
meda County,- $35 and found; drive delivery
wagon, city; 10 men to clean bricks; 10 boys
to learn trades; 20 boys, factories; choreman
for an institution, $25 and f d
MARRIED HELP
3 farmers and wives. .$40, $15, $50 and found
Milker and wife, see boss here.. $45 & found
Man and wife, hotel, man for waiting, wife
for chamberwork, fare $1:...$45 and found
.Get Our Daily List
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
Millwright, sawmill, see boss here, $3 50
day; blacksmith, no . shoeing, Alameda Co.,
$40 to $50 and fd. ; blacksmith, sawmill, see
boss here, $50 and fd. ; stonemason, country.
$5 day; sheet-iron worker, city; 10 black-
smiths, camps, ranches, shops, $35 to $75 and
found; 10 blacksmiths'" helpers, city and
country, $2 50, $2, $30 and found; harness
maker, ranch, steady job; 3 millwrights:
cooper, country; woodworker, old man
.. HAY AND HARVEST CREWS......
FARMS AND DAIRIES
53 men for hay fields, $1 25 and $1 50 day;
38 men for harvest fields, .$2 to $2 50 day
and found; 5 sack sewers for threshing out-
fit, $52 and found; 77 farmers, steady Jobs.
$30; 10 teamsters on a big ranch. $30 and
found; 17 chorernen for ranches, $25 and $30
and found; 16 choreboys for ranches; 10 milk-
ers, north, fare paid, $35; 70 milkers, other
places. $35 and $40 and found; budder for
nursery, $52 and found; 3 choremen and
make butter, $30 and found
LABORERS
10 laborers, salt works, Nevada, fare re-
turned, $2 25 day; 760 men for laboring work
in all parts of California; 15 laborers, factory
work, wages $1 75 to $2 50 day '
..TO THE MOUNTAINS
. SAWMILLS.. WOODS .YARDS
If you want healthy climate, go to the lumber
districts
WE PAY YOUR FARE
1579 men to work in. sawmills, woods and
yards, no experience required, any willing
man can fill the bill, wages $30 to $75 and
found; fare paid; 10 lumber pliers, Santa
Cruz County, $35 ¦ and f d. ; 6 car loaders,
lumber yard, fare %'i. 00, $45 and fd.; 2">
lumber pliers. North, $45 and.fd.; 20 woods-
s men, crosscut sawyers. Jack setters, etc.
See boss here; $45 and fd. Free fare
Bookkeeper and stenographer for ranch,
steady job; $40 and fd. .
GET OUR DAILY LISTS OF JOBS
, .Hotels, Bakeries, etc
25 cooks, hotels and restaurants, city and
country; $35, $40, $50 and $60 and fd.
15 cooks, camps and ranches, $30, $35 and
$40 and fd. ; 10 waiterfe, city and country,
$30 to $40 and fd.; 2d cook, country hotel,
$45 and fd. ; 2 dishwashers, ranch, $25 and
f d. ; camp waiter, city, $25 and fd; 40 dish-
washers, potwashers and kitchen hands;
scrub porter, springs, $25 and fd. ; 4 porters,
$20 and $25 and fd. ; 3 bakers, hotels, cake-
1 baker; baker's helper, bell boys, elevator
boys, 3 butchers; young man for butcher
shop,' take orders, $25 and f d
We issue a daily list, get one
....MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St
SPECIAL
FREE FARE FREE FARE
...' HUMBOLDT COUNTY. CAL
SEE BOSS AT OUR OFFICE .TO-DAY
55 men as laborers $2 25 day
Board to cast $3 week; steady.good job...'...
FREE FREE FARE FREE
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
) > Phone Main 1191.
100 men\for Eureka. Humboldt County;
railroad work; free fare: board $3 50 per
week; fee $1.
450 laborers, teamsters, concrete men and
rockmen, $2 25 and $2 50 per day.
Free Fare Fee $1 Free Fare
To all points in Nevada and Salt Lake
Division.
300 men for S. P, Co.'s work for Sacramen-
to, Western and Coast Division. To Tracy,
Florin, Oakland, San Mateo, Redwood City
and other points $1 60, $1 70 and $2 00
Section, extra and concrete gangs; free fare.
110 laborers and miners. .$2 and $2 50 per day
18 quarrymen, free fare $2 per day
17 tanbark men $2 per cord
5 milkers and dairymen, $30-$35 and found
7 millwrights, free fare, $3 50 and $4 per day
10 boys; factory work ?7 50 to $9 per wk
4 teamsters $150 per day and found
1 sawyer, factory $2 per day
3 blacksmiths, country $3 per day
20 laborers $2 per day
7 cooks and waiters $20 to $45 and fd
4 dishwashers $10 to $20 and found
Many other positions. Call and read our
bulletin. ;
4 WOODCHOPPERS, $1 50 cord, tools and
board advanced; laborers for brickyard,
quarries and mines, $2 day; 4 miners, $2 25
a day; 10 laborers and teamsters, $2 to $2 25
a day, free -fare; lumber pliers, $2 a day,
farmers, farmers and wives; milker and
wife, $60; 5 milkers, $30 and $35; laundryman
for institution, $40 and found; coachman, $30
and found: middle-aged man about place, $30
and found ; boys for factory, laundry and
other work, $6, $7 and $8 week; blacksmiths.
; carpenters, millwrights and others at good
wages -.
J. F. CROSETT & CO
62S ' Sacramento st.
HOTEL cook, country, $50; night cook and
waiter, country hotel. $35; restaurant cook,
$50; yardman. $25 and found; colored waiter
for private family. $30 and found, hotel wait-
ers, restaurant waiters, dishwashers, elevat-
or boys; porter and pantryman for club, $30
and found, and others ;.
J. F. CROSETT & CO
628 Sacramento st
A PANTRYMAN to work aboard a bay steam-
er and found; two waiter boys for same boat "
$25 and found. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sut-
ter st., near Powell.
A JAPANESE boy to help In kitchen In a
private family; no cooking; $20 and found.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st. nr. Powell.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12-
Dishwasher, $25; engineer and electrician,
$50 and found; bar porter, $25; bell boy, $15.
WANTED — By E..B. & A. LiSTONE CO. team-
sters and laborers for R.-R. work In Nevada;
free fare; ship at 5:15 p./ m. Mon., Wed. and
Fri..; four-horse skinners, S2 25 per day; la-
, borers, $2 per day; board, $5 25 per week. Re-
port with blankets at 900 Broadway, Oakland.
$750 — WANTED, young man as partner in light
manufacturing business; first-class trada. al-
ready established; clearing $100 per month;
duties of partner to tend store and make
himself useful. Apply 257 Fourth st.
A — WANTED to-day, steady man for light In-
door business; must have $150 cash and be
satisfied with $75 to $100 month year round;
no experience required. 78 Third st, roonv2.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man with $125
cash; will pay $10 to $1S per week; plain
light work; experience not required; perma-
. nent place. 1010 Market St., room 10.
A YOUNG man to drive delivery wagon; must
be familiar With Western Addition. Call to-
day at 9:30, Blum's Confectionery, Polk and
SUtter sts.
WANTED — Experienced male . and'f emale cut-
ters for factory, on , women's- wrappers and
overskirts. Apply box 1110, Call.'
WANTED — Honest, single man with $75, take
cash in restaurant; $40 month and found; no
experience required. BROWN. 1221 Market.
BARBER wanted to buy 2-chair shoo; 4 good
mirrors; 2 sunny living-rooms and yard in
back; a bargain. 1025 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at 428 Broadway,
for Saturday and Sunday.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
408»£ Sixth st. ; must be good workman. . .
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 2197 V-i Powell st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday
002 Clay st. ...
GOOD waiter for restaurant, at 1201 Fillmore
St., corner Turk.
GOOD handy man around kitchen. 1201 Fill-
"more st," corner Turk.^
WANTED — An outside salesman for teas and
coffees. 203 Fourth st. -
WANTED— rAn^assistant bookkeeper f<5r large
house in the city. Address box 1130, Call.
DISHWASHER wanted for restaurant, no
Sunday work, at 666 Fourth st . . . -
NIGHT dishwasher that can cook, for busy
kitchen. 511 Montgomery st.
BOYS wanted to learn good trade. Apply 2440
California st.
WANTED — Tailors to work by the week: $18
per week: steady work. S. N. WOOD &
CO., 27, Geary St.. . . .
CITY traveler with trade among saloons and
grocery stores for. cigar line. Box 1119, Call.
BARBER? in \ wholesale district wants work
Sunday "morning. Box 1097, Call office.
HELP WANTED— ¦MALE— -Cow.
WANTED— Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. • Apply between 8 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Bright boy from 16 to 18 years of
age for stock boy. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE. BROS.'. ,
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21. and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting .
Office. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. ;
WANTED — Young Intelligent man as salesman
In wholesale fruit and commission house;
good chance for the future. P. O. Box 2117,
San Francisco. ___
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box 213. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay • st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BOOKKEEPER, for mercantile business. Ad-
dress in own handwriting, with references,
stating age "and experience, box 1122, Call.
RELIABLE man to take charge of aeents in
country: salary and commission; can earn
$35 a week. Royal Portrait Co., 143 Seventh.
WANTED — Honest young man with $175 cash;
light contracting business; $70 month; no ex-
perience required. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
WANTED— Man with $00 to take cash and
attend cigar store; $50 month; no experience
required. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Jean Costel, the laundry man. to
communicate with the proprietor of the
laundry, Hobart Mills, CaJ.
BARBERS — Good 2-chair shop must be sold
this week. DECKLEMAN BROS., 106 Ellis.
WANTED— A kitchen boy; saloon. 634 Mont-
gomery st. between 6 and 9. ¦
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRY, 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
5Cc up; soling 20c up. 923 Hbward St., nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 60c. 563 Mission st. Vet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and . from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
70 HEIFERS; can 'be seen at Baden station;,
San Mateo electric cars stop at place.
JOSEPH LEIPSIC.
TO . RENT — Single or double tram, with or
without driver; short or long trip. 2056 Mc-
AlUster at.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horse
Exchange. .246 Third st.
FOR sale — Spiral spring top road buggy cheap.
Inquire of JOHN WIREN, 113 William st.
$40 — EXPRESS wagon; good condition; a bar-
gain. 417 Folsom st.
FOR sale — Fast pacer; belongs to boarder.
MADIGAN & O'NEILL. Grove-st. Stable.
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET, 721 Howard.
3 CARRIAGE teams, five good saddle horses.
DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave. ¦
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness work.driving horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
lng wagon for sale cheap. ft32 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. VMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$30 — 8 SUNNY rooms and bath; 3 basins; large
basement: rear st. 24 Dorland. nr. Guerrero.
FINE 2-story house: 7 rooms and bath; on car
line; $14. Call 354 Geary st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
RENT $30 — An elegantly furnished <complete)
modern sunny house, 6 rooms, bath, large
yard, garden; rare chance for comfortable
home to right party. Apply 16 Diamond st,
bet. 17th and 18th, after 9:30 a. m.
$75 — HANDSOME cottage, 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; nice locality; completely and elegantly
furn.; must be seen be appreciated. 1067, Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
$25 REWARD for return lady's gold watch and
pin, pearls and rubies, lost June 18 down-
town or on way to Mill Valley. Address box I
1129, Call office.
LOST — Wednesday, June IS, lady's gold watch.
Return to 547 Washington st, from 8 a. m.
to 6 p. m. ; reward.
LOST — A 10-foot yawl boat near Union Iron
Works by schooner Robert Henry. Finder
will please return to 27 Steuart st.
LOST — Gold sword pin studded with pearls,
emerald center; $5 reward. 4143 Twentieth
street.
LOST — In Richmond District, Thursday, yel-
low puppy; answers name Toodie; reward.
323 Eleventh ave.
FOX terrier bitch. Return to J. NAVARRO,
A. and L. saloon, Bush and Kearny: reward.
$25 REWARD — Lost, a solitaire diamond ring,
wrapped in green paper. In the Emporium, on
Tuesday morning: finder please return to
Mme. Germaine, 906 Market st., room 30, and
receive reward.
LOST — Cocker spaniel, worn collar, with Jap-
anese letters and red ribbon. Reward at
1715 Scott st.
LOST — Young long-haired bluish-gray Scotch
sheep dog. Reward if returned to DR. Mc-
NUTT. 1220 Sutter st.
LOST — Second mate's license of steam vessels.
Please return to J. F. COGAN, 155 Pros-
pect ave.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN.
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS. '.
750 to 1000 new and second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'S
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co., 208 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery. «n-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixture?; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy term* or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Col lender Co.. 652 Mls3ion.
BABY buggy and new folding gocart; reason-
able. 8 Birch ave., near Larkin st; fore-
noons.
PLEASURE schooner for sale; 50 feet Ion*.
16.2-ft. beam. For particulars apply Call-
. fornia j Yachting Club, Oakland.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
THE public* is warned that the old firm of
Uncle Harris has retired from business.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia st.. cor. 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMasters, SE. cor. 2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 510 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po3t st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484.
T WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th Bt.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
¦ MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special
1st. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints'
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
. rected: the unfortunate helped; relief in a !l
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated-
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O"DON-
NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt., op. 5th.
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most important of modern principles In treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladies all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results: fee low. 1007% Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed: home in
confinement; hours !> to 5 and 7 to 8. 1008 Vj
Market st.. opp. Fifth and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH — Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home in
confinement Moved to 728 Post st.. nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable speclal-
ist; maternity hospital: home for infanta
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy st.nr. Mkt
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable Iadle3"
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
Bit AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHEnB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES— Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay& Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herb3.
~~ " MONEY "TO^LOXX.
li^_XN^MURPHYT~601-602 Examiner bldg.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
..;. LOANS MADE •
On first and second mortgages «
Life interests In estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests In real estate......
Estates In probate — Legacies
...•. Assignment of rents
Life insurance policies... .. ......
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY
...601-602 Examiner building
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate*
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5513.
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room IB.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 32S Montgomery St..
Will make loans on real estate. _
Low rate of interest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market st: tel. Main 1644. Eranch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary str phona Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st.room 39.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal;money quick:
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
ELFVING. 61C Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. :strictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
$500,000 ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st or
2d mtgs.,und'vd. interests, estates in probate,
life Ins. policies, etc. Harper. 480 Parrott M.
FRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
without removal; conflden. 935 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.116 McAllister at.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorger; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year far $1.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THIS is the best time of the year to hnvo
your piano renovated and put in order. Wa
have the best tuner and repairer in tha city
and a finely equipped shop in which to do
all kinds of repairing and varnishing; first-
class work will be done at reasonable prices
Have the piano fixed while you are away on
your vacation. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
WISSNER, Baumeister or Stodard pianos are
our most popular instruments. You can buy
on the payment plan If you wish. THB
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market.
AL_ makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Steinway $05 to $230
2 Knabe $85 to $110
2 Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne $40
Over 5000 Heine pianos in S. F. Agents tor
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments » $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Helna Hall. 233-237
Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
•or Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F., Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlma
within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1850.
A CHICKERING — A VOSE— A STERLING.
A Steinway — A Fischer — A Steck.
And ten others from $60 up.
All uprights, easy payments, fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best in city. PIERCE' 8
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th & Church.
A LOT of high-grade pianos for almost a sons
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
PARTY need of cash must sacrifice handsoma
upright piano account death. 4S6 Kddy st.
ON sale — A large Steinway upright; good aa
new; must sell. 237 Geary st
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos in city.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
$160^ — ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St. —
Steck, Everett, Ludwig and other good pianos.
SNAP— 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from cata!ogue,?250. Bruenn,208Post
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and ne— . H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for XI.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
METAL beds, bedding, camp goods, window
shades. HOTTER. 712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FINE store and basement; size 26x160 feet~2
, fronts; S37 Mission st. SPECK & CO.. 667
Mission st. \
STORE. 2103 Howard, well adapted for butcher
bhop; rent cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 sts.- below Kearny st. 636 Clay St.. rcom 1.
PALMISTRY. ~
MME. G. L. NEEllGXA^D^re^dTirto^4T~7CO
Post St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLI scientific palmist 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post ;tcl. Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles curedTmTpay until cured:
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully: consul-
tation free. Dts. Forden & Porterfleld.6Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
Without oner&Mnn rn- T»=1I inT.IXt MarlrstTheresa A. Oelrichs and Virginia Vanderbilt
(by attorney)' (owners) with- S. Gillettl System
Company -(contractors), architects Reid ¦ Bros.—
Excavation, and concrete -work for block at
Builders': Contracts.
.George F.H. arid Frederika Wassmann to
same, lot. on NE line -of Sixteenth avenue
South, fil:5% NW'.of- F- 'street' South NE
100 by SE «i:5%: ; -SW 53:31. SW 40:32, NW
41:4%; $10... ' . ' • " ¦ '
Estate of Nathan- T.Whltcomb, by Clarissa
Whltcomb (administratrix), to Mary M Nor
ton, lot 43. block C, Park Lane" tract; $450
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Louise
Schlueter and Minnie Gundlfinger, lot on W line
San Bruno street, 235 S Eve. S: 25 by W 132
$400. • ' -:- ¦ - ¦.¦ ".v--. ..-¦ - . .'
Annie M. . Rinea, to John E. Miller, lot on'W
corner "F" street South and Fifteenth ave
nue South. NW 125 by SW 100; $10.
William Nicol, same, same; $10.
Estate of Mary T. Thompson (or Thompsen)
by. T. C. Van Ness (administrator) to James
Mason, lot on SW line of Nineteenth avenue
225 SE of "I" street. SE 75 by SW 100. lot 5
block 300, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; $150.
Ida May Markley to Arthur I,. Little, all In
terest ; in lot on SE corner Thirty-third street
and Stanford Heights avenue, S 100 by E 53:4
lots 52 and 53, ' block 123, Sunnyside Addition
1; |S5. •- -:¦; • ¦;...--
Henry, Sylvester, Martin O. Curry, and Emili*
Strause (executor estate of L. Strause. by G-.
H. Umbsen. commissioner) ta W. W. Bassett,
lot cn W line -of Forty-fifth avenue, 100 S of
"B" Street. S 150, W 120, N 50.' W 120 N 100
E no; $1515.. ' " ¦ . . '
Benjamin and Alice S. Wood to Patrick H.
and Elizabeth J. Savage, lot on E line of Ver
mont etreet, 3oO N of Mariposa. N 25 by E
100; ?10. . . .
Charles Liebachutz to Cathe Tinkler (wife of
William), lot on NW line of Clementina street
400 SW of Fifth. SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
. Ann Green (widow)- to Michael Walsh, lot on
NW line of Welsh street. 100 NE ot Fourth.
NE 20 by NW 80; ?10. . .
Natalie Lubosch (wife of Louis) to J. F. D.
Curtis (trustee for Herbert Harington Plxiey
and Vera, Weller Pixley), lot on S line of
O'Farrell street, 22:0 E of Larkin, E 23 by S
00; $10. • - •
Jean P; T. Lacoste (executor estate Jean La
coste),- Frank McGowan, by J. A. Grennan. elt-
BOr in place of B. P. Oliver, commissioner to
J. W. Smith, lot qn W line of Taylor street
137:0 S of Francisco, S 17:6. w 47:1&, N\V
22:9Vi. E 61:814; also lot on N line of Lombard
street, 137:6 E of Taylor, E 29:8ft, NW 40:4$i
S 35:8; $5884. •. . . < . . -
Gesnaldo and Nellie De Luca, Buchignioni,
Antonio and Paulina Garblni to Lorenzo Bacig
alupi. lot on N line of Union. street, 80:9 W of
Dupont, W 38:9 by N 137:0; $10.
Angeline Pepper (widow) to Alwine M. Hons
(wife of Henry), lot on N line of Clipper street,
272 W of Noe, ,W 28 by N 114; $10.
Hibcrnla Savings and, Loan Society to Joseph
Fenech, lot on W line of York street, 208 S of
Twenty-third, S 26 by W 100; $800.
Charles and Hannan Banner to William W.
Rednall, lot on N line. of Frederick street, 80:3
E of Clayton, E 25 by N 103; $10.
Robert and Lydia A. Mackenzie to Caroline
H. Robinson, lot on E line of Scott street. 71:3
i5 of Green, S 5G:2 by E 29, and use of strip
on E line of Scott ¦ street, 127:0 S of Green a
10 by E 110:C; ?10.
James A. Robinson to same, same; icift.
David A. and *Mary E. Hulse to George M.
Mitchell, lot on SE corner of Jackson and Lo
cust streets, B 37:0 by S 102:8^4; flO.
THURSDAY. JUNE 19.
Sylvain Schnaittacher to Paul Perrlgney, lot
on N line of Broadway, 190:lV<i W of Larkin.
\V 21:41/;! by N 137:B; *10. 7
Louis Metzser to same, lot on N line of
Broadway, 1WS:9 \V of Larkin, \V 21:4>A by si
137:0; «lo. . — ' •• •
Emma M. Zeltner (Wood) and William H.
Zeltner to K. Avery McCarthy, lot on S line of
Pacific avenue, 75 E of Buchanan, E 40 by S
127:sVi; *io. . . . . • . .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Wanted for Embezzlement.
A warrant was sworn to before Judge
Fritz yesterday- for the arrest of James
G. i.eary on a charge of felony embez
zlement. Leary is an outside salesman
for the Joshua Hendy Machine Works,
and it is alleged that on May 12 he em
bezzled $95 which he received from a cus
tomer in Lake County. It is said that
there are other amounts unaccounted for
by Leary.
Insolvent Bottlers.
Charles Koenig, as an individual, and
H. W. Richter and Charles Koenig, as
the Enterprise Bottling Company of Oak
land, filed a petition in insolvency yester
day in the United States District Court.
The firm's liabilities are $3222 S5 and the
assets $320. Mr. Koenig has no individual
debts and claims an interest in $145 worth
Of tools.
Makes Charge of Fraud.
Joseph M. Furey, special administrator
of the estate of Delia Furey, commenced
an action yesterday against Mary A.
Wessling and her husband and' Terrence
and Elwood Furey. to set' aside a deed
made by Mrs. Furey conveying to the
defendants realty at Seventeenth and
Douglass streets. He alleges that the
deed was fraudulently obtained.
Iiate Shipping Intelligence.
J ARRIVED.
Thursday, June 19.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 63 hours from
Grays Harbor.
' SAILED,.
• ¦ Thursday, June 19.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkel, .
Stmr Grace Dollar, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
' PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 19 — Schr
R W Bartlett, from San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 19 — Stmr Na
tional City, hence June 18.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 19 — Stmr City oi
Topeka, for Skagway; schr R W Bartlett. for
Port Blakeley.
TACQMA— Arrived June 19— Stmr ' Selkirk,
from Ladysmith. ;
Sailed June 19 — Stmr City of ToDeka, fcr
Alaska; "schr Esnansion, for San Pedro; stmr
Duke of Fife, for China and Japan.
OCEAN . STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived June 19 — Stmr Prinz
essin Victoria Louise, from New ' York, for
Cherboure and Hamburc.
. LIVERPOOL — Sailed June 19— Stmr New
England,' for Boston, via Queenstown.
.-ROTTERDAM— Sailed- June 19— Stmr Pots
dam, for New -York, via Boulogne-sur-Mer.
apartments on SE corner 50-vara block 24S, N
along Jones street 137:0 by W 110:3; $2S0O.
J. R. Savory (owner) with W. E. Grant (con
tractor), architect All work for a three
story frame building (three fiats) on- lot on S
line of Valiejo street, 137:0 W of Leavenworth,
S 137: «, E 27:6,-, N 137 :«; $53«5.
Christoph and 'Anna J. von Stadun (owners)
with Kalghin & Caine (contractors), architects
Martens & Coffey— All work except mantels,
gas fixtures, plumbing, painting and electrical
work for a four-story frame building on lot on
S line of ' O'Farrell street, 08:9 E of •Leaven
worth. E 22:11% by S 68:9; $8100. .
Same owners with G. C. Sweeney (contrac
tor), architects same— Plumbing, sewering and
gas fitting for same on same; ?1G17. . ¦ .J
Mrs. Maurice Casey (owner) with Royal
Heating Company (a corporation) (contractors)
architect Frank S. Van Trees-^-Heating work
and ventilation for a two-story, basement and
attic brick, and frame building on lot on N line
of Broadway, 77:3 W of Baker, "VV 77:3 by N
137:6; $1082. . .. ' . 7
C. Schlesselmann (owner) with J. Lund (con
tractor),. architect J. . F. Dunn— All work except
plumbing, . tinning and gas fixtures for. a two
story and ! basement . frame building on lot on
\V line of VParker avenue, 2S1:7 Not Point
Lobos avenue. N 23 by W 120; $2200.
Charles Kitchen had a charge of.bur
glary against him reduced to petty lar
ceny by Judge Conlan yesterday and was
sentenced to serve six months in the
County Jail. He was accused, of breaking
into Mrs. M. J. Roche's house, 771 Sev
enth street, and stealing her gold watch
and chain, which he pawned. Mra. Roche
told the Judge she was a friend of the
young man's mother and did not want
him sent to the State's prison.
Kitchen Gets Six Months.
When the case of Henry B. Stewart,
superintendent, of the Belt Line railroad,
charged with an assault with a deadly
weapon, was called In Judge Mogan's
court' yesterday V. Dirnmick, J.he '. com
plaining witness, said hewould'not prose
cute. He and Stewart had shaken hands
and he had been reinstated In his posi
tion of switchman. The Judge dismissed
the case. Stewart was accused of draw
ing a revolver on Dimmick in ti saloon
at Sansome and Greenwich streets on
June 5 because Dimmick refused to. drink
with him.
Dimmick Would Not Prosecute.
Now is the time to take
your camera with you on your
vacation trip — but before you
go be sure to read the first of
the series of "Photographic
Hints for Amateur Photog
raphers" that will appear in
next Sunday's Call, and in
stead of failures you will hava
some good photographs as
souvenirs.
OAKLAND, June 19.— Special Railroad
Policeman Fogarty fired four shots at two
men who were acting 'suspiciously near
the Sixteenth-street station early this
morning. The pair fled, but an hour'later
were' arrested at Broadway and Fifteenth
street by Policeman Drew. They gave
their names as Aaron Sinai and Robert
Richardson and had a quantity of cheap
jewelry in their possession. They said
they were peddlers. The police have the
men under investigation.
Fires Shots at Suspects.
Robert Richards, a sand teamster em
nloyed by Blanchard & Cushing, filed a
suit for $16,13U damages against the San
Francisco and San Mateo Railway Com
pany yesterday. He alleges that on April
1G, 1902, the railway company furnished
him with a defective wagon with the re
sult that it broke down under a heavy
load, throwing him to the ground and se
verely injuring him.
Harry Ayer, a miner, who was injured
by a secondary explosion of a dynamito
cartridge at the mines of the Napa Con
solidated Quicksilver Mining Company,,
filed a suit for $20,000 damages against the
company yesterday.
Damage Suits Filed.
Mr. Morrison has been away from this
city for the last eight months. He has
been touring in "Faust" and met with
success. He will now rest until October,
when he will again appear on the stage.
At the close of the performance Mr. Mor
rison expressed his approval of his wife's
interpretation of the leading role in
"Zaza." He says he was pleased to see
her handle the part so delicately, and
artistically. He felicitated the fact that
it was due to his coaching that the in
herent ability Miss Roberts possessed ,was
developed.
Lewis Morrison, the well-known actor
and husband of Florence Roberts, now
appearing with great success at the Al
cazar Theater, reached this city yester
day. Last night he was an enraptured
spectator of his wife's artistic perform
ance of "Zaza." He occupied a front row
seat and was as enthusiastic in his ap
plause as any one else in the theater. He
said afterward he was proud of her suc
cess and prouder of the fact that the lady
is his wife.
"Zaza" for the First Time and
Praises Her Acting.
Well-Known Actor Sees His Wife in
LEWIS MORRISON COMES
HOME PROM ROAD TOUR
During their trip the club intends to
attempt an ascent of Mount Brewer, con
sidered by mountain climbers as one of
the ruggedest peaks in California. Pro
fessor Joseph Le Conte, the aged scien
tist and an. enthusiastic member of the
Sierra Club, accomplished this ascent
shortly before his death. •
" The plans of the club for the tour of
Kings River Canyon include a careful in
spection of the country and the prepara
tion of maps of this little known district
to be added to the series of maps of the
mountains already published by the as
sociation. The vague and incomplete trail
from Yosemite into the canyon will be
gone over and elaborated and side trips
into the unexplored mountain region east
and south will be undertaken.
BERKELEY, June 19.— Over forty mem
bers of the Sierra Club from Berkeley,
together with a like number from San
Francisco and Oakland, will leave Mon
day for their annual junket in the Sierra
Nevada. The party will divide itself,
part going to Visalia and part to Sanger.
to meet again at the Giant Forest and
proceed thence to the Kings River Can
yon, where their outing of two months
will be spent.
grimage to the Heights of the
Sierras.
Departs Monday on Its Annual Pil-
SIEBRA CLUB EEADY FOR
TRIP TO KINGS RIVER
Attorney Moss has completed arrange
ments to exhume the body of the man
who left the fortune. The purpose is to
ascertain whether there were any marks
or scars upon the body, arid if so to take
a complete description. of them. The rea
son for this is obvious. If there are dis
tinguishing marks they will be kept se
cret, and the real heirs, whoever they
may be, will have to describe- them fully
before they can establish any claim to
the estate, . .
LOS ANGELES, June 19.— The story
published yesterday in this city of the al
leged solution of the mystery surround
ing Charles Hill, who died here recently,
leaving a fortune of $142,000 in cash, in
which one George Hayes, who claimed to
have known Hill in Mystic, Conn., stated
that he had seen and conversed with the
old man a few days before he died, is
now declared to be without foundation.
Hayes has said since the publication of
the story that he was mistaken.' •
BR1DGMAN, Mich., June 19.— Charles
Parks of Troy, N. Y., a paper-maker, was
shct and killed some place between j St.
Joseph and Livingstone on a southbound
freight train last night by one of two
tramp negroes, who, after taking his life,
robbed his body and fled. Parks, accom
panied by M. Kelley and John Mays, had
sought shelter from the rain in a boxcar
occupied by the negroes. The negroes
drew revolvers and held. up the three men.
Kelley and Mays being relieved of a few
oollars. • Then they walked over to Parks,
. who-- was standing with his hands above
his head, and one of them shot him,
Parks sinking to the floor dead. After
rifling Parks 1 body the men jumped from
the- train and escaped. The mur
der was committed while the train was
running at & rapid rate. Two suspects
nave been arrested near New Buffalo.
Body to Be Exhumed for Ex
amination of Marks
or Scars.
A f cer the Killing They Jump
From the Car and Make
.. Their Escape.
Shoot Down White Man
on Moving , Train
and Rob Him.
Identity of a Man Who
Left a Fortune Not
> 'Yet Known.
MISTAKE ADDS
TO A MYSTERY
NEGRO TRAMPS
COMMIT MURDER
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: ,
Moraine Session. - ¦ •
200 Belcher 12% 200 Ophir 1 12tV
500 Challenge Con 11 200 Ophir .......1 io
300 Chollar 07 600 Potosi 13
100 Con C & V.I 32% 400 Potosi is
400 Hale & Nor.. 40 200 Union Con ... 16
100 Mexican 41
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 13 100 Mexican 40
500 Caledonia 82 100 Mexican 41
100 Caledonia 83 700 Potosi - 19
500 Chollar , . OS 500 Seg Belcher. . 06
100 Con C & V.I 32 Vi 200 Sierra Nev... . i;{
3C0 Gould & Cury 05 200 Sierra Nev... 12
200 Justice ... 07 200 Yellow Jacket 13
' . CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, June 19 — i p. m.
Bid. Ask.f - . Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 07 08
AHa • 05 ' 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 05 0C Lady Wash . . — .04
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 40 41
Best & Belch. 10 11 Occidental ... 14 15
Bullion 02 Oil Ophir 1 10 1 15
Caledonia ... 83 85 Overman .... 30 31
Challenge Con 10 12 Potosi 19 20
Chollar ...... 07 0S»| Savage 07 08
Confidence ... 50 53 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 30 1 35 Seg Belcher .06 07
Con Imperial. — i OijSierra Nev... 12 13
Con New Yrk — 02; Silver Hill ... 47 48
Crown Point . 03 Qi'St .Louis — Oft
Eureka Con . . IS — Syndicate — 07
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con ..16 17
Gould & Cury 00 07 Utah 06 07
Hale & Nor.. 39 41 Yellow Jacket 12 13
Julia — 04
» ? ¦ ¦
The mariner's compass performs a lot
of very important needle-work.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
C II Fink. Merced
C A Courtney. Ark
A Warner. Ark
Miss M Reagan, Wis
H H Jenness, Sausalito
C S Ames, Petaluma
M Lattin & f, Tesla
F Baker. Tesla
T Mullally. Baden
D Byrdsly &. w, Chgo
J C Murray. Cal
A Naramore, N Y
J Mulroy. N Y
R S Teskow. P I
Capt James, Cuba
Mrs A Jelenck. Oaklnd
Mrs S S Long. La
R M Steward. Mo
J "Warneke, Nebr
J K Baur. Omaha-
J Wolfe. Ohio
A Friable. Willows
Mrs E Lane. Palo Alto
T J Edward. Oakland
G W Clark & w, Iowa
Mrs I Leist. d & s
Sausallto
HOTEL AERIVALS.
THE SAjST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1902i
11
REFORM BOYCOTT.
The undertakers of San Francisco are un-
friendly to cremation because the expense, is
very much less than that of Interment. They
know that If cremation sets the pace in fu-
neral reform reduced prices, must be met, or
graveyards closed.' They , control over five
hundred hacks, the drivers of which belong
to the Hackmen's Union, Local No. 224. That
union (through misrepresentation made to
them) has resolved not to drive for us at our
funerals or rent hacks to attend them.
We think the friends of cremation will, if
necessary, dispense with a string of hacks
and the services of the undertakers rather
than see incineration obstructed by a' cause-
less heartless boycott of the dead.
We own two first-class carriages and' at-
tractive hearses and horses, which we will
furnish upon application. For further In-
formation, call at No. 429 Golden Gate ave.
THE ODD FELLOWS' CEMETERY ASSO-
CIATION. GEO. T. BOHEN. Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON. Secretary.
PERSONALS. J
IP your h»ir is ralllapT^scnii fcriDR. G. S.
MoOKE'S Sc'.entinc Hair Restorer, the only
rtmieiy known io stop hair froTt! falilns anJ
cnus« hair to crow on '.vi!1 Vtc.nUs. A positive
<-'«re for ecrc-ma; prcpuattea ta& to .ill r-arU
or the world: call or kcb4 i"or circular. DR.
g. B. MOORE. ?.:s2 OTarrcl! st.. S. F. "".
A>t elegant line of remnants for suits to orJer.
jl >l.i; with tliese suits we make an extra pair
* of put* fret of chars* ; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly L LS11O& 1117 Market
«¦•'-. between Seventh and Eighth. •
n".V < T'HIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 4* Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms,
2Z<c to $1 T»0 per nisht; SI 50 to $6 per week:
Tree 'bus and bagsage to and from the ferry.
J-Vi"IUT do you- think? O. HERMAN, 4S
Kliis. makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
*aiv.e as white thirts; selection 300 patterns.
COUGH Easy ConuumptitMi Cure; «!o good; al-
v.\t>s relieves any cough; best la grippe cough
•-U-.-e; 25c; at druggists.
A WOMAN whose sno'.her was relieved of a
•ULdor without op«-rai!on will show ygu the
v.ay t-j health. Box 1123, Cal: oitice :
J!O1!E treatment for mothers anil daughters:
booklet :rce. The VJAVI CO.. 2. o .04-«-s Van
Nsss ave. San Francisco; phone East 2S2.
HONEY to loan Bt low int-rcst; go!d. silver,
tiiamor.cls, pf-nvls ml precious stones bought
=t W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
A. FULL, line of f=T.-ltrh:s. wi?s end front piecee;
hktrtlrcsEing. any style, 25c G. LEDEitElt.
TS.l t5toc!:tor. st.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine nr.d all drusj dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. IKSft Polk St.. S. F*. : consultation free.
V.TIITE enamel Iron beds. Fitiprle. I
<>t dcuUe. ?2 Zft. KASTEilM OUTFITTING
CO.. L*.10-Iol2 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL— Book for men: amusing, mys-
lify'irir. Instructive Two cents for postage se-
• ures one. Williams & Co.. 110 Ceary st.. S.F.
TJfCW reaJy — June stales Standard Patterns;
a:i tlic newest designs for euramer goods. J.
\V. EVANS. 1021 Market St., near Sixth
AT le*s than cost, uncalled-l'o:- suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailcr. T21 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair ar.d moles destroyed with
electric nee-die. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter at.
A-& 50 DERBY ar.d Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, o30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
I:XE Pl'ITS, $!(>: dress pant*. $2 75. MISFIT
. "LOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
AjnDEXtSnSF. theatrical oostumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades supplied. 26 O'Farrell.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO., 7G3 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. permanently
i*-ncvt:d, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.420 Sutter.
Kl'PTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 26** Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
KLECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Brifgs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed j
1 y electricity. 171!) Buchanan; tel. West 259. |
¦ i
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market.
ALFREDMUS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists', j
C'XE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE j
instantly; 10c and All druggists. ;
EYSPFPSIA and constipation cured; box free. I
C. Ht ROWAN. North Milwaukee. Wis.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wips;
eauuUy orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt. j
DR. LAMOTTES FRENCH CORN PAINT, the |
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists. '
* ==i
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE, j
-. L. COOKE.. 26 Montgomery st..J. L. COOKE
Ban Franciscu
...Great Bargains. Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
¦All sizes, all kinds.
Creat opportunity.
Secure a home.
epecial Bargains Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can pet It cheap.
Leave your address with me
and I will- find you a Bargain.
You will b« Eurprised at the
£a:a!l outlay of money which will
purchase you a home.
Don't forget to call on or
efldress J. L. COOKE.
26 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
Cut this out and save eddres«.
OtVNERS of property north of Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to the Pre-
sidio line who wish to sell call on the under-
signed; a moderate-priced residence wanted
to . purchase ; two cheap residences of 5 to 6
rornn* -earn 'ana vacant lots in the district
named wanted to purchase. W. J. GUNN 530
California st. (Savings Union bldg.), between
Montgomery and Kearny.
YOU will never secure a suburban home in
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa et.. Octan View.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY For Sale
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on Los Gatos and Saratoga aves.;
beautiful location; climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive from station; neighborhood
desirable: 40 acres, all of which is in • r-
chaid; 32 acres in bearing; balance will bear
fruit next year; there ie a crop of fruit, es-
timated at $2000; agricultural Implements
and tools, fruit boxes, drying trays, wagons.
etc., included.
The residence Is one-etory, contains 0
rooms, in perfect condition, modern finish;
good Et&ble, task-house, tank. etc. ; good
well water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
flowers; a beautiful and healthly home, and
I profitable; Drice S16.U00.
' Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO..
34 West Santa Clara Et.. San Jose.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. f'JO to J30 per acre, on P.ancho
Ootati, Sonorra Co., future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St.. for
pamphlet and Information.
ASK for our Met of suburban and country
properties; land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Hajrward bl<Jg.,
San Francisco.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber, mineg. EMMONS &: SON. Mills bldg.
LAND liar gains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster. Whttton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co.. Petaluma. for
Hst of 'bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
RENO REAL ESTATE.
B. D. CRANSTON & SONS,
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
RENO LOTS RENO
$75 TO $400
In the choicest section of the city of Reno.
Tiev. One of the most progressive and prom-
ising cities cf the West. Each lot has a
frontage of DO feet and an average depth of
140 feet. The best opportunity ever offered
for small Investments. A chance to double
your, money in one ye^r. Andrew Carnegie
l:as rwertfly piven Reno a free library to
«r>f=t $l.VOO<i. and by an act of Congress a
irulilic building and a new courthouse are to
*** built. The Southern Pacific Railroad
Company's now shops are also going to Reno.
Lots rnirie like hot cakes. Get yours now.
Fcr further particulars apply to
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS,
114 Montgomery st.
Hi: AL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR eale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty, 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
A4s. R. Park. Acua Callewte. Sonoma Valley. ;
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMHDA REAL ESTATE.
• ¦ i
FOR sal*, rent or exchange — An elesant S- :
room modern house, all conven fences; fine |
corn»r lot; best locality; a great bargain;
Must be "=oliS; a large S-rsoin house: lot COx
jr>0; near Cbe?:tnut-Ft. Etatlon. Fee the above
tbia MRk. Aw'y ALAMEDA LAND COM- i
PANY. 1500 Perk st.. Alameda. I
ONE of the flnert homes In Alameda at a j
bargain; ORsnedipsly <-asy terms. The In- j
%-estors' A«renry. v:.~ Montgomery ft.. H. K.
OAKUM ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
O A KLANH REAL ESTATE.
IT2JW— COZY cottage of 5 roctns. bath, folding
doors, mantel, etc. ; all newly papered; in the
immediate iir-inity of Ihth and Wost sts. ;
chose-*.- central location: within walking dis- i
tance of trains and center of town; M - e!l rent- I
«-d now: monthly Installments ir desired; dia- I
Pt Jor all cash: immediate «al« wanted, as
r I* going away; Investigate fit once I
GKORGE W. AUSTIN
4CQ. Tenth bt.. Oakland. j
OAKLAND COTTAGES. ~~
FOK rent — Furr.lshod cottage of C room*, com-
» pl»t»-. Apply to Cnailcs Adams £.- Co., resi-
dent agents. Pa" Ptati^n. Akitneda. Cal. «
OAKUM)' fV H S W ..-itiiJ^^FOIl^JS ALE.
"fVUKJTVTIV eood S3 cbMp this rnontfi. H.
"'•ni-i.l.HAAE. 4US Eleventh st,, Oakland.
BERKELEY ADYERT1SEMENTS,.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE — S rooms, modem convenience, bath,
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
Joseph JT. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY. ROOMS..
FURXISHED cr unfurnished suite housekeep-
intr rooms; -\U block from U. O. 2220 Ch'apel.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.^
A QUIET and pleasant home for : housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms: all complete;-
sas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
suna sts. . -
BIRCH ave.. do. bet. Laguna and Buchanan — .
$7; 3 housekeeping rooms. ¦
FIFTH. 353— Furnished~housekeepins, 3. $14;
2 beds, a, $20; 2 beds, bath. 2. $13; single. $4.
GOUGH, 115 — Handsome, tunny bay window"
parlor and kitchen; bath; gas; $1S per month.'
JESSIE.. 333 — Large sunny room, furnished;
housekeeping; stove; yard; $9. • .
NINTH, 221 — 2 large housekeeping rooms to
rent.
NINETEENTH. 3129— Nice sunny EUlte on first
floor. . .
OCTAVIA, l.'IO."!. cor. Geary — Nice sunny bay-
wlndow front parlor, kitchen, gas stove; $i;j.
RAUSCH, S1-- 3 nice sunny, furnished rooms;
adults.
SEVENTH, 191— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms to rent.
TAYLOR,. 246, cor. Ellis— 3 sunny connecting
housekpg. & single rms.; phone Howard 1777.
TUR.K, 543 — Large frout room; use of kitchen;
gas stove; bath; laundry; $13.
VAN NESS ave.. 402 — Entire upper flat; 3
rooms; neatly furnished; gas stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions :
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. .
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Uulurn.
ANGKLCS. i .NOW OPEN
New fireproof brick building; SH» elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view. 530
Stockton 6t., bet. Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day "upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 pt night; $1 25 to $5 per and
light bou&ekeeplng rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.); rooms 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night.
$1 50 to $10 per week; house open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day/
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rm«,, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1402 — Neat, clPan furnished rooms; sun
all day; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ;
EUROPEAN HOTEL. 1)30 Market st., opp. Em-
porium — Opened Jor Dermanent guests . June
20th; uew manitge'itient: refurnished; strictly
lirst class; will give special Inducements to
partita securing rooms during this month;
rates per month; rleeant bay-window suites,
Market-st. side. $30; smaller suites, nicely
furnished, $20; single rooms, $7 to $10. Phone
Main itXtti.
ELEVENTH. 225, near Howard — One larce,
sunny unfurnished room.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50. $0 week; open all night.
FOLSOM, B20, near 4th— $1 per week, furnished
rooms.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
JESSIE. 478. near • Sixth — Large ¦ sunny front
room and single rooms.
OTARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week. mo.
O'FARRELL. 402, corner Taylor — Nice sunny
suites or in single; running water.
ROYAL House, 126 E111&— Incandescent light,
rtading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; v.-eek, $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2& Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
VALENCIA, 1122 — Sunny furnished house-
keeplnr rooms; reasonable.
VAN NESS ave,. 320 — Elegantly furnished
rooms, all modern conveniences; most de-
Eirable part of city; very low rates.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. *
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new. strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened Juiy
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises; electric light and elevator; private
baths; single and suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones on every floor.
THE MCALLISTER, 503 Van Ness ave.; Just
opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references.
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
famHy hotel ; exceptional table ; popular rates.
LAM BOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class " house;
furnished suites or single; sleam heat.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
EUltes; single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS WASTED. ~ ~
DRESSMAKER wishes room with folding bed
in respectable family; $6 or $-7. 1325 Octavia.
STORAGE AX£JVAREHOIJSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage &~M^vt^g~Co7To£
flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission et.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfut-g.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITER^— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 53C California; telephone Main 26d.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING & MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewiting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
ecsraphlng. 027 Markt. rm.S05: Howard 1539.
VITAOPATIIY.
DO you suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
aliments or trouble of any kind? Try "Vita-
cpathy." IVAN McLAUGHLIN. 1104 Mar-
ket. rooms II & 12; free treatment Wednes.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
HONOLULU PLANTATION COMPANY— As-
sessment Notice. — Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, location of principal place of business,
San Francisco, California — Notice is hereby
given that at a meeting of the - Board of
Directors held this 19th day of June, A. D.
1902. an assessment (Number 4) of One
Dollar ($1.00) per share was levied upon the
f-apital stock of the corporation, payable im-
mediately to the secretary of the company
bt the office of the company, 327 Market
s-troct. San Kranr-isco, State of California.
Any stock ui»on which this assessment shall
i cniain unpaid on the .'It'th day of July, 3902.
will r.e delinquent and advertised for sale
jit public auction, and unless pavment is
made l^sfore. will he sold on the 10th day of
August. 1!mi2. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with expenses of pale. /
H. W: THOMAS.
Secretary of the Honolulu Plantation Company,
327 Market street, Ran Francisco. California.
- DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
CALIFORNIA^aTe^Dep^Tro^id^rr^sT'compa^
ny. corner of California and Montgomery sts
— For the six months ending June 30 1902,
dividends have been declared on deposits In
the savings. department of this comnany as
follows: On term deposits at the Trate of
3 C-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum
free of taxes and payable on and after Tue*-
day. July 1. 1902. Dividends uncalled for are
added to the principal after Juiy 1, 1902 J
DALZELL BROWff. Manager.'
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Cali-
fornia 6t.. cor. of Webb — For the half year
ending with the 30th of June,' 1002. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per an-
num cf three and forty-two one-hundredths
<.T 42-100) per cent on term deposits,* and
three (3) per cent on -ordinary deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, July
1. 19C2. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. 52C
California et. — For the half year ending with
June SO, 1902, a dividend ha» been declared
sit the ¦ rate of three (3) . per cent per annum
on all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Tuesday, July 1, 1902. GEORGE
TOURNY. Secretary.
Funeral rooms — 420 Golden Gate ave. : tele-
phone South 934.
Oakland office—^1004 Broadway; telephone
Clay 701. ' . - . .
Main office , at .cemetery. Point Lobos ayej,
j San Francisco; *telepTione~Wesl 896/
I Prices of cremation — Adults over 15 years
of age. $25; .children under 15 years of age,
$15. Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. GEO. T. BOHEN. Pres.
GEO. PENLrNGTON. Sec.
Funeral Conductors
(FOI^, CREMATION ONLY).
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery-- Association.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine is what
cured people say. Address REUNER & GOU.
LET. Station A. Sacramento.* Cal. . .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections madej
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10:: tel. 5580.
SEWIXG^MACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold rented, exchanged; r£>-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 14t. 205 4th,
MAREIAGE LICENSES.
5 The followlnc marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Harry Isaksen, 23, 1204 Mission street, and
Marie Andersen, 23, J204 Mission street.
John J. Sullivan. 24 ( U9 Che6ley street, and
Veronica L. O'Neill, 22, 948 Harrison street.
Romeo Mariani, 19, 1107 Montgomery street,
and Mathilda Kreuzer, 1(>, 021 Commercial st.
Edward Yates. 42. ' Oakland, and Katie I
Noone, 2S, Oakland. ¦ . • . . . ' . , i
• Alexander Brick, 2C, 1041\i Folsom street, !
and Minnie Silberstein, 22, 1042 Folsom street.
Solly Pincus, 24, 7(3 Harriaon street, and
Annie Kallmanu, 23. 2030% Stelner street.
Andrew H. Irving, 27, 1918 Sutter street, and
Stella M^Oiullis, 24, 1541 Steiner street.
William^ Schulte, 22, 317 York street, and
Elizabeth Herdel, 19, C20 Alabama street.
Joseph C. Anderle, 31, 300 Francisco Btreet,
and Anna Storek, 23, 4208 Twenty-fourth st.
I William Hooper, 41, 310% Eighth street, and
Sadie A. Hegley, :!5. 12 Cleveland street.
Ernest Menold, 2ti. 635 Stevenson Btreet, and
Sophia C. Eagley. 23, Peoria, 111.
George Craig, 29, Fort Mason, and Alice .M.
Morton, 2S. 2022 Bush street.
Herman M. Wolter, 28, 1137 San Bruno ave-
nue, and Elizabeth A. Makowski. 19, - 2774
Twenty-first street.
Clarence A. Grabill, 27. Val Verde, Ariz.,
and Harriet E. Symonds, 32, 3507 Twentieth.
David Bercovich, 24, Oakland, and Bettie
Lcfkovitz, 20. city.
Sherman French, 30, Watsonvllle, and Grace
Barney. 33. Watsonville.
Carlo Del'.'Erbe; 21. 516 Pacific street, and
Silvia Bianchi, 21. 516 Pacific street. '
Giovanni B. Maggini. 44,. Stockton, and
Gellnda Glannini, 29, city. ' ¦ ¦¦ -.'
BIRTHS— MARRIAKES—DEATBEl
Birth, marriage and death notices «ent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence ef per-
sons -authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
WOLTERS — In this city. June 11. 1902, to the
wife of J. Wolters, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BABCOCK— OWENS— In this city, June 17,
1902. at Simuson Memorial M. E. Church, by
the Rev. Joisn Stephens. Arthur R. Babcock
and Emma F. Owens, both of San Francisco.
FORREST — MATSON — In this city, June 11,
1902. by the Rev.- Father Lynch, William
Irwin Forrest and Emily E. Matson, both of
San Francisco.
HAGENAH— WACHTER— In this city, June
11, 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, johann
P. Hagenah and Anna Louise Wachter.
j HORTON— N0RR1NGT0N— In this" city. June
11, 1902, in the parlors of the First Sweden-
borgiart Church, by the Rev. L G. Jordan,
Charles C. Horton and Mabel Kathleen Nor-
rington, both of San Francisco. . . '
KKIEGEft — SKIPPER — In this city, June 18,
1902, by the Rev. John Stephens, I.ouis B.
Krieger and Lily Skipper, both of San Fran-
cisco.
MILLER— EBERT— In this city, June 18, 1902,
by the .Rev. J. Fuendeling, William F. Mil-
ler and Johanna E. Ebert.
SENGSTACKEN— WOBBER — In this city,
June- 18, 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Henry Theodore Sengstacken and Alma C.
WobbeF.
TEAGUE — HINZ — In this city, June 18, 1902,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Ralph Allen
Teague and Theresa Hinz.
TERKELSEN— LOHSEN— In this city, June
IS. l!>02, at the First English . Lutheran
Church, by the pastor, Rev. Dr. E.'Nelandar,
Jamer Lawrence Terkelsen and Maria C.
Lohsen, both of San Francisco.
_____ v
Berti. Giocondo McKenzie. Flora A.
Brauer, Edith Maloney, Ellen
Burns, Ann Morube. Emll
Chattleton, George Muck. Peter
Cheney, D. M. Murphy, Jos. A. Jr.
Collins, John Nash, Susan
Cunningham, Eliza Petty, Alexander L.
Del Carlo. Alfredo Quist, Elsie C.
Delicat, Katie Roland, Bertha
Donohue, Jeremiad \ Sammy, Anna
Gruenhagen, Anna Scott, Grace L.
Harrison. Charles H. Sewell. Alice E.
Hencken, Charles H. Sweeney, Francis R.
Lagomarsino, Joseph Watt, Mrs. Mary '
BERTI— In thi» city, June 18, 1902, Giocondo,
beloved husband of Mary Berti, and father
of Aiieustiii A., Linda K., Ralph , L. and
-. Mary J. Berti, a native of Lucca, Italy, aged
53 year* 11 months and 8 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1071 Pacific avenue, thence to St..
Brigid's Church, Van Ness avenue and
i Broadway, where a requiem high mass, will
be celebrated for the repose of hi» soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BRAUER (nee BEEKMAN) — Entered into rc«,
in Chicago, June 18, 1902, Edith, beloved
wife of R. S. Brauer, daughter of Mrs. C.
H. Beekman, sister of Mrs. C. F. Wood and
Grace and Henry Beekman, niece of Mrs.
Ida Neuman, and cousin of C. B. Neuman,
aged 25 years 11 months and 7 days.
tt_^ Interment at Chicago.
BURNS— In this city, June 19, 1902, Ann
Burns, dearly beloved wife of the late James
Burns, and loving mother of Mrs. Ann Far-
relly, a native of Ireland, aged 79 years and
7 months. '
CHATTLETON — In Pinole. Contra Costa
County, June 18, 1902, George Chattleton.
son of John and the late Georgina Chattle-
ton, a native of Pinole, aged 1 year.
CyThe funeral will take place Friday,
June 20, leaving Pinole on the 10:10 o'clock
train for San Francisco. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
CHENEY— In this city, June 19, 1902, D. M.
Cheney, a native of Illinois, aged 42 years
3 months and 14 days.
COLLINS — In this city, June 18, 1902, Johu.
beloved husband of Mary Collins, and father
of Josephine, John T. and Joseph E. Collins,
a native of the parish of Trella, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 00 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S3G Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this -city, June 19, 1902,
Eliza Cunningham, a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 73 years.
B_rRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission Btreet. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
DEL CARLO— In this city, June 19, 1902 at
the residence of his parents. 808 Valencia
. Etreet, Alfredo Del Carlo, dearly beloved son
of V. Daniel and Catharine Del Carlo,' and
beloved brother of Henrico Del Carlo, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 months and 23
days.
DELICAT — In this city, June 18, 1902, Katie,
dearly beloved daughter of Anna C. and the
late Fred Delicat, and sister of Mrs. -H. Zihn
and John Delicat, a native of Germany, aged
41 years 11 months and 13 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother, 443 Jessie street be-
.'. tween Fifth and Sixth, thence to Mizpah
Presbyterian Church, Harrison street, near
Fifth, where services will be held, commenc-
ing at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. '^ -
DONQHUE — In this city, June 17, 1902, Jere-
miah, dearly beloved son of Jeremiah and
Jane Donohue, and loving brother ' of Mar-
garet, Mamie and John Donohue, a native of.
England, aged 25 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Ill South Park, thence to St Rose'£
Church/where a requiem high mass will bo
celebrated for the re»ose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRUENHAGEN— In this city, June 18 1002
Anna L., beloved wife of Theodore G Gru-
enhagftn, and daughter of the late Christian
and Mary IS. Lauterwasser, *a native of
Philadelphia, Pa.
C_yThe funeral services will be held to-
day (Friday), at '2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her mother, Mrs. M. E. Lauterwas-
ser, 1»2T> Capp street, between Twenty-fourth
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.i
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.MER3.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. •
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITT.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 3G7.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. . J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-.
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission St., between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. .
B 27 ana 2D Fifth St. Tel. South 107 1
f FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMfiALMEUSH
| ""«' Equipment at Moderate 'Rates. %
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains lcnvo ami tarn due to arrive at
!>A> Jb'KANCISCO.
(Main Line, foot uf Market Street )
LIA-Tg — FBOM jvxm t. 1!X». — AKKtTK
7.00a Benlclu, s-ulsuu, Klmlra auU Saera-
roento 6-55r .
7.00a VacavlUe, Winters. Rumsey 7.55p
' 7.33a ilartiQcz, San Ramon. Valiejo,
Kapa. Callstoga, Santa Rosui B-25p
0 00a Daxia, Woodland, XnUhta Lauding,
Marysvllle, Orovllle 7-65P
8.00a Atlantic Expresi—atdeu and Ea*t. 8-25-4
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop. Stockton 7.25i*
8.00a Xlles. Muudota, Hanford, Visalia,
Portervllle 4.55*
8.33a Shasta Express — J^avU. William*
(for Bartlett Springs), "Willow*.
Red Bluff, Portland 7-SSp
8.30a San Jose. Livermore, Stockton,
loncv Sacramento, Placcrvllle,
Mary STllte. CHico, Red Bluff 425f
8 30a Oakdale,Chlnese,Sonora,Tnoluinne 4.25*
9!0Oa Valiejo...... • 12.25*
9.00a Los Angeles Espress — Martinez,
•:.¦-. ' Tracy, L»tlirop,Stockton, Merced.
Iiaymond.Vresno and Los Angeles 8.25a
9.30a Valiejo, Martlnea and Way Stations 7.55r
10 00a Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. t12.55r
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. 5-25p
tLOOt* Sacramento Ulver Steamers tii.OQr
3.00* Uenlcia. Winters. Sacrnmcnto,
Woodland, Williams, Willows,
I • Knights Laadins. Marysrllle, •
Orovllle 1055a
3.30p Ilaywanl.NHes and Way Stations.. 755p
4.00* Martlnez.San Kaur.on.VaUcJo.Napa,
Callstoga. Santa Kusa .2-25a
4.00? Xlles, LI vermorc. Stockton, I.odl.. 12.25*
4.30P Hayward.Nlles.Snn.Iose.Llverinore t8.55*
4.30i" The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
Kakersaeld, Sausrus for SanU
'¦ '¦ • Barl>ara, Los Angeles 8 55*
B.OOp PoriC<wta,Ttacy,Lathro?.Stoolcton 10-25a
6.00:" Martinez. -Antioch. Stuelcton, Mer-
ccl, IUymund, Fresno 12.25p
t5.30* XHe» Local .725*
6.0QP Havward.Nilcs and San Jose 7.55a
t6.00i* Valiejo 11.25a
6-00? Oriental Mall — Osden. Denver.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago 4-25*
7.00* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Sutions 11.25a
t7.00* Vullejo 7.55*
8.Q5r Oregon * Call forula Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysrllle, Keddlng,
. . Portland, Puget Sound and Eas:. 8-55a
t9.1Qp HaywardarnlS lies
COAST LINE (>arroir Uaagt).
(Foot uf Market Street.) <
"{7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion *8-05r
8.15a Xewarfc, Centerville. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50*
T2.15* XewarS, Centervllle. San J«»e.
Hew AlmaUen. Kelton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 1050a
4.15p Xewart, Saa Jose, Los Gatoa t8.50A
•4.1 5i» San Jose. Lo» Ontos. Santa Crwz... c8-50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN fc'KAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 17:15 9:00 11:00 a J». 1X0 3 CO 5.15 r.ll.
From OAKLAND, foot of Broadway — tt>:Oi> tS:OO
t8:05 1U:()0a.m. 12 00 2 CO 4 00 p.m.
COAST LI N E ( Broad Oaune}.
i Third ana Ti>-.Tuseyml Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6-36 A
+ 7.C0a. San Jose and Way station* +800*.
/7.T0a New AmaUen /4.10f
;7.15a Monterey Excursion ;8.30p
3.00a Coa»t Line Limited — San Jose,
fitlroy. SaHn»s, San Lulu OWspo.
Santa Barbara. Los Augelca and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
9.00a Sun Jose. Tres Pinos, Sant.t Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas. S*n Lais
• * • Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way St»tlons 8.36a
1 1 .30a San Jose.Los G.itusnndWayStationa t9.00A
«1.30p San Jose and Way Stations a7-Q0*
2.3QP San Mateo. Kedwood, Palo AIio.
Santa Clara. ¦ San Jose. Trea
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Sal!u«!«. ,De!
Monte, Monterey and Papiflc
Grove 10454
t3.30p San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
t4OOP D*il Moute Expre»s— Only stops San
Jo»e t1201*
4.30* SanJoseandPrineir>aIWa.vStatlon» 1-30*
15-00* Ssn Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 5.30*
5.30p SanJoseandPrinclpalWavStatlons 6-30*
tS15* San Mateo. Belmont. P.edwood,
Men! o Park. Palo AHo t6.48A
6.30p San Joae and Way Stations ... 7.30*
7.00? New Orleans Express— San Luis
Oblspo, Santa Barbara. Los An-
frelei. Pemlne, El Paso, Xew
Orleans aad East lOlttA
•11.45pS»n Joaeanrt Way Stations m
' A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday exeepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. c Monday only.
b Saturday and /Tuesday and Ffldajk
Sunday onl),
—
CAUFOfiNU NORTHWESTERN U. M
LESSEES
SAtf fRANGlSCO AHJ H08TJ PJMSiFW.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FflANCISCO 'l'i> SAN RAPAEL.
WEEK r>AY8— 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra triy
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS- 8:00, l):3o' 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00 and «:20 d. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FKAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:05, 7:35, 7:50. 9:20, 11:13
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and ti:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a, m.; 1:10, 2:40,
4:55, 5:05, 6:25 d. m.
Leave | In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco! May 4. 1902. |3an Franciacj
Week | Sun- | ' Destin- I Sun- | Week
Days. | days. [ tion. j days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a . Ignacio 9:10 a 8:40a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato t>:05 p tt:20 p
.__ .__ 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a S:4da
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p| B:20 p
| Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburg ¦ 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyserville
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p| 6:20 p
"7-30 aj 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a 1 10-20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Ukiah | 7:35 pj 6:20 j>
7:30a| 8:00 aj . "WillTts 1 7:35 p| C:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 a| Guerneville I 7:35 p|10:20 a
3:30 pf 5:00 p| |l0:40a| 6:20 p
7:30 a 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 a 8:40 a
5:10 p 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p «:20 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Sebastopol 110:40 a!10:20 a,
3:30 p 5:00 p [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Ilosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers and Booneville; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Ukia'h for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Pot-
ter Valley, John Day'g. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's, San Hedrin Heights, "Hullville, Orr'«
Hot Springs. Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Brags.
Westport, Usal; at Willits for Sherwood. Cahto,
Covelo, Laytonville, Cummlngs. Bell's. Springs.
Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Pepperwood, Scotia and
Eureka. ' •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. —
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, CoO Market st.. Chronicle build-
in-. - "¦•. r :'~
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAX.
Gen, Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD. '
.Via Sausallto Ferry,
• Commencing April 27. 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, *7:45. 8:45, 9:30, 11:00
a. m., 12:20. "1:45, 3:15. 4:13. 5:15, »6:15.
0:45, 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. ra. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, ?9:00. «10:00. ll:0(>.
11:30 a. ra.. 12:30. »l:30, 2:30, »3:45. 5:00. 6:00,
7:r>0, 9:45. 11:45 :>. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40. 8:15, *9:3O,
11:0ft a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. »3:30, 4:40, 5:30. 6:45,
10:15 d. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:00. *8:<1O. 9:30. »ll:0O a. m..
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:13, *3:30, 4:15. ?5:43. 6:43.
7:.'!O, 10:13 p. m.
Trains marked (*> start from San Quentin.
.FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40> 7:45. 8:25. 9:45,
11:10 a. m., 12:35, 2:43, 3:30, 5:10. 5:20, 7:10.
10:15 o. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:30. 7:55, 10:05. 11:10 a. m..
1:20, 2:30, U:43, 5:00, 6:05, 7:13, 10:40
l " m " THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
3il5 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way »ta-
tlons.
¦ 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exceptod) —
Tomalea and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. I* '- ¦
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and, way
stations. :.-....'-. .3- ""
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday tirne^
! riOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
j Leave i Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
I San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
j Week Sun- Sun- Week
9:30a. 8:00 a. - ntmias i»«. .« t^» U-}?*- *^*i
l:»5r. 9:00a. lTI,«iT 1 a t !»tb.dt T «9:U J : ?.» P " - : «'"
p- "MfEM OF TASUPIKJ- 5:50 f.
'."..'ZZ 2:30 v. Qp'i'"""/""^'"^ 8:15 r. ...^.
' SJTUROIIS 03W— lanTnen^^r.KilnSnFnMbnlldll.
tE?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ' to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for cre-
mation.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
WATT— In this city, June 18, 1002, 'Mrs. Mary
. . Watt, beloved mother of G. W. Miller, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 06 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, 1 from the Good
Samaritan Mission, Second street, near Fol-
som. ' Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via electric funeral car from foot of Market
street.
SEWELL— In this city, June 19. ' 1902. Alice
Eldora Sewall, beloved daughter' of Alice L.
and Daniel R. Sewell, and. granddaughter of
D. Sewell, a native of Sari Francisco, 'aged .4
years 10 months and 7 days.'
SWEENEY^In this city, June 19, 1902. . at
his residence, 3S24 Twenty-second . street,
' Francis R. Sweeney, beloved son of Jamca
and Anne Sweeney, and brother of W. P.,
J. W.. R. J., J. - G. and A. E. Sweeney land
Mrs. L.' Buckley, a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 years 8 months and 15 days.
(EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
- (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1001 Hyde street, corner Pacific.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SCOTT — In Butte, Mont., June 16, 1908. Grace
Lillian Scott (formerly Lillian Corwin), wife
of James Winfield Scott, and cousin of
George C. and Charles A. Goe, a native of
California, aged 3.2 years and 28 days.
1CT Notice of funeral ; hereafter: ¦ ,
MORUBE— In Oakland, . June 10, 1902, Emll,
infant. son of Charles and. Sadie Morube, a, 1
native of Oakland, Cal., aged 8 months.
MUCK— In .this city, June 19, 1902. Peter
Muck, beloved son of Mrs. Magdalene Muck,
and brother of Phillip Muck, Mrs. W. . Arm-
burster, Fritz Muck, and Mrs. M. Weiss, a
native of Alsace, aged 31 . years 11 months
and, 3 days.' : •- '. ¦
MURPHY— In this, city, June IS, 1902, Joseph
A. "Murphy Jr., darting infant son of Joseph
A. and Blanche Duane Murphy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 months and 12 days.
(C7"The funeral will take place Friday.
June 20, 1902; at 1- o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his "parents, 005 Green street, corner
Stockton. Funeral private. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.. , ¦ ' ... ¦ ..
NASH — In this city, June 19, 1902, Susan, wife
of Patrick Nash, a native of Ireland, aged
47 years.
PETTY — In Reno, Nev., June 18. 1902, Alex-
ander L. Petty, beloved son of Joanna and
the late George S. Petty, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 4 month! and IS
days. : '¦
QUIST — In this ctty, June 19, 1902, Elsis
Christine, only and beloved daughter of John
and Josephine Quist, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 1 month and 3 days.
ROLAND-^In this city.. June 19, 1902, Bertha,
beloved "wife -of .David D. Roland, a native
of. California, aeed 20 years. (Portland, Or.,
papers please copy.) '¦; .. •
ICRemains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty &. Green. 1171 Miasion Btreet. '
SAMMY— In this city, June 17, 1902, Anna,
dearly beloved wife of George Sammy, and
devoted mother of George Jr. and Emma
and Adele Sammy, a native ef Bavaria, Ger-
many, aged 49 years- 2 months and 9 days, '
' E?FrlendB are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day),' at 11:45 o'clock, at Christ Church.
Sausalito. Interment private. Mountain View
Cemeterr.- ¦ ; - , , -'
HENCKEN— In Contra Costa County, June 19,
1U02, Charles H. Hencken, beloved uncle of
Martha arifl Edna HanJes, and brother-in-
law of A. | H. Hanjes, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years 3 months and 18 daj-3.
LAGOMARSINO — In the City and* County Hos-
pital, June 19, 1902, ' Joseph Lagomarsino, a
native of Italy, \ aged- 00" years. . .
McKENZIE— In this city, June .19, 1902, at
the residence of her parents, 367 Shotwell
street; Flora Aznea .McKenzle, dearly 'be-
loved daughter of Richard F. and Johanna
Mcfeenzie, and Bister of ¦' Alpha Edith Mc-
- Kenzle, a native ot San Francisco, aged 5
years and 10 months.
MALONEY (nee VEITJ— In this city, June 18.
1902^ Ellen, beloved wife "of the late Patrick
Maloney, mother of Nellie and William Velt,
daughter' of Ellen and the late Nicholas
O'Leary of Healdsburg, and sister of W. F.
O'Leary and Mrs. James Munks of Port-
land, Or., a native of Boston, Mass., aged
41 years "S 'months and 8 days. ...
and Twenty-fifth. Cremation at Odd Fel-
lows' • Cemetery. ' ¦ .-'•¦; ; . -
HARRISON— In Sausalito, Cal., June 18, 1002,
Charles Henry Harrison, husband of Caroline
Harrison, a native of England, aged 77 years
1. months and 23. days. • •. : . .
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
' ! T Lim'd|
Local Mon & | Local Ov'rl'd
Dally Thurs | Dally Daily
Ly San Fran 8^:00 a 9:00 a| 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton. 12:10 p 11:43 a 7:18 p 11:15 p
"Merced... 2;35 p 1:17 pi., 1:30 a
•' Fresno... 4:10p 2:35pl...... 3:15a
." Hanford.. 5:58 p 3:27 p! 8:05 a
• " Visalia.,.- 5:3S p . .- (..... . 5:00 a
•" B'kersf'd. 8:10 p 5:20 p 7:55 a
¦••¦- Kan City. I 2:31 a( 8:02 a
•". Chicago ,.,.| 2:15 pf...... I 8:47 p
a for morning, -p for afternoon. ~- '¦"¦- •
9:00- a. m. Daily is Bakersfleld Local,
stopping at all points in San Joaquln Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m
daily. , •
9:C0 a. m. Mondays ami Thursdays is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. ¦• Chair Car. runs to' Bakersfleld for -
accommodation of local . first-class passen-
gers.". No second-class tickets are honored
on this train.' Corresponding- train arrives
at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
•i :20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Talace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, -which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m."
daily. ¦ ' v •
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot; San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. ¦ . - 'B evokes All Existing Permits and
Provides* Additional Conditions
for "Use of Sidewalks. - ">:i-i.l
The Board. of Works submitted to the
Board of Supervisors yesterday a pro
posed ordinance revoking all licenses or
permits heretofore granted for the main
tenance ¦. of all signs, advertisements,
transparences," bulletin boards and clocks
upon the sidewalks,of the cityl The ordi
nance declares such signs a public nuis
ance and orders them , a bated. ' , • '. ¦
Another ordinance regulates* the >futurG
use of signs projecting over sidewalks and
streets . and - prohibits - their - maintenance
BOARD OF WOEKS SUBMITS
NEW SIGN ORDINANCE
The opposition of McEnerney's clients is
the result of the UMeeling known to exist
between them amd Mrs. Emma Merritt
and Charles Sutro, executors of the Sutro
will. The claim is made that the execu
tors have not made any endeavor to 1 pro
vide for the payment of the sums left the
four children in the will and have tried
to delay the payments by providing for
the other legacies first.
The matter will be heard to-day.
The fact became apparefft yesterday in
Department 9 ¦ of „ the Superior Court,;
when the; petition of ¦ Mary 'H.< Kerr and;
others for the distribution of their- lega
cies under the will of Adolph Sutro^came!
up for hearing. ; . . ;
•Attorney Garret McEnerney, legal.rep
resentative of Mrs. R. , Morblo, Edgar:
Sutro, Mrs. Kate Neusbaum -and Mrs.
Clara English. Sutro's children,, started
the ball rolling by objecting to the grant
ing of the petition. He claims that as
the Sutro estate owed . $500,000, no further
action in' the distribution proceedings:
should be taken. "There is no' money,"
said the attorney; ."to pay the legacies, ,
amounting to $16,000, mentioned in to-day's
petition. Besides, my clients, children of.
Sutro, have not yet received their legacies;'
of $10,000 each left them in the will. and
ordered distributed to them in this, court. •
"I think they, have first claim upon the
estate and therefore I object . to the pay- ;
ment of any more bequests."
There is . trouble • brewing . among the
Sutro heirs and .the executors of the
estate of. the deceased capitalist. It is but
a "tempest in a teapot," but it may de
velop and resolve itself into much bitter
controversy.- -• - .'....
Four ..Children Oppose
the Distribution of
the Estate.
yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
- The . cuickest and most convenient ¦ way in
and out of the Yosemite Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. It you lea\>e Ban Francisco to
day at » a. in. on the California Limited you
tre in Ycsemlte to-morrow at 5 d. m.
Call at Santa Fe ticket ofnee. Cil Market
street, for illustrated pajtiphlet and full par
ticulars. •
Stole Icecream Freezers.
Thomas Burns, 14 years of "age, who
lives at'1544 Howard street, was charged
before judge Fritz yesterday, with petty
larceny for stealing three ice cream
freezers- from the First Christian Church,
on Twelfth street. He was arrested
Wednesday by Policeman Porter while
watering his aunt's garden with one of
the freezers. Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor
of the church, identified the freezers and
told the Judge he did not want the boy
punished. The Judge gave the boy a lec
ture and on. his promise to .be good ha
was allowed to go on his own recogniz
ance and the case was continued till July
SI. . • ¦ *
Charles H.Whitley, a graduate of the
San Francisco Dental College, sued for a
writ of mandate yesterday to compel the
State Board of Dental Examiners to ex
amine him as to his fitness for a license
to practice dentistry.
Dentist Seeks Writ.
Salvationists to Crreet Leader.
General William Booth, the founder of
the Salvation Army, has notified the local
Iicad of the organization that he will visit
this c:ty on December 27. 28 and 29 of this
year. The Salvation Amy 'of San Fran
cisco will give its first annual outing to
500 poor mothers and children on Tues
day next. The excursion party will visit
VA Campo, leaving Mission-street wharf
at 9:45 a. n». on the boat General Frisble
launch will be provided free cf charge to
the guests.
HEIRS OF SOTRO
STILL FIGHTING
H. Alferitz, a commission merchant in
this city, has been obliged to pay $303
duiies and penalties on a sealskin sacque
purchased by him in Montreal two years
ego. He paid CliarLes Desjardins & Co.
of Montreal $305 for the sacque and the
article was forwarded to him by express.
About a month ayo Special Agent Chan
ning informed him that the duty had not
been paid and that the Treasury Depart
ment had ordered him fined the purchase
r.rice. The matter was exposed to the
Secretary of the Treasury at Washing-
Urn by a discharged clerk of Desjardins
& Co., who showed similar shipments
made -by that firm to other persons in
other partis of the UnJied States, the pur
chasers being unaware- that the goods had
teen smuggled.
Furs Smuggled From Montreal.
Monkbarns Off the' Heads.
..The British ship Monkbartig, which left Llv.
erv.001 140 days ago for this port and which
has since been reported as having been on fire
at sea; arrived' off \the port early yesterday
morning and^ took on board a. pilot. "{She was
afterward lost In the fog and probably has
gone off shore until the weather clears up.
Ccmmissloner Wolf thinks that the com
r-any owes much more than $5000 and that
the. stockbrokers should be paid. pro rata.
Cornelius J. Sullivan was, it is said, the
rreeident. the other officers and all the
stockholders. He is alleged to have been
In the habit of Issuing debentures in favor
of .himself and then negotiating theftt.
The Company of Associated Stock Brok
ers came into possession of one of these
documents of a face value of $1525 and
payable on January 2, .1900. The deben
ture was never paid and suit has been
brought asainst the State Treasurer to
recover the amount from the. $5000 which
Sullivan had to deposit in order to begin
business..
Insurance Commissioner ' Wolf
Thinks Cornelius Sullivan's Con
cern Is Much in Debt. .;'
K. Myron Wolf." the' new Insurance
Commissioner, is conducting a search for
creditors of the defunct Pacific' States
Life Assurance Company. The concern
came into existence on February 8, 1S93.
and departed this life in April, 1901.
LOOZS FOR ASSURANCE
COMPANY'S CREDITORS
NE of . the handsomest and best
ft ' ll e< l u 'PP e d nrc houses west of Chi
ll ft cago was turned over to the
Board of Public AVorks yesterday :
by the contractors and builders.
The new structure is located'orr the north
side .of Howard street, between- TEhird and
New, Montgomery streets, arid is a credit;
to the department. Chief Sullivan, Super-:
Visor. Wilson and Fire Commissioners;
Grady and Hecht, inspected , the' building:
and congratulated Hannah Brothers .on
Holland Sues De Greayer.
John Holland, a saloon keeper at
Third street, obtained an injunction yes-'
terday. restraining Harry, de Greayer, his
partner, from disposing of their busines3
•pending the trial of a suit for dissolution
of partnership and an accounting filed by
Holland. Holland alleges that De Greayer
has taken possession of the saloon and
refuses him access thereto. He alleges
further that his partner has entered into
conspiracy with Harry Collins and J. J.
Looney to defraud him.
Rebekahs to Entertain.
Templar Rebekah Lodge No. 19, I. O. O.
F., will give an entertainment and dance
In the Odd Fellows' building to-morrow
night for its members and their friends.
Charles Robinson. 7uO Shortwel! street,
Ev/ore to a warrant in Judge Fritz's court
yesterday for the arrest of Wiseman
ilatury. alias Monteith, on. a charge of
forgery. Masury is serving a term in San
Que:itin for burglary, and his sentence
will expire Monday rnormng. Detective
Crockett will be waiting lor him as he
leares the penitentiary.
Robinson isMa.scrj-'s stepfather and al
•leges that the young man forged his and
3iis wile's name to a deed of trust to
property on Diamond street, near Twen
ty-tirst, on wnich he' attempted to borrow
$800 from the Ki.iiv.ka Building and Loan
Association shortly before he was arresl
t*d on the charg-o of burglary, about two
years agro. The deed was taken to Henry
McCall, a notary, to be attested. McCall
•w-as suspicions and went to the telephone
to call up Robinson, ivho is in the em
ploy of ililier &. hus. Masury, scenting
danger, left without waiting for develop
ments.
Upon Leaving San Qucmtin Monday
He Will Be Taken Into Cus
tody Again..
IIASUEY TO BE AB BESTED
ON A TOEGERT WARRANT
with the exception ' of .those embraced
within the following classes: V '
Class I — Flat' or curved: signs, incandescent
electric light signs fastened to the front of a
building and. not -projecting ¦ more .than 12
inches.. Drum signs attached to pillars or en
trances to. buildings.; "V": signs enclosing pil
lars, pole . signs, v Incandescent, electric light
signs -which, are to.be lit. between the hours
of 5 p.. m. and 8 a. m.. ornamental transparen
cies, gas lamps on which, signs may be placed,
•wire meFh signs extended from one bay. window
to an adjacent bay window and bulletin boards
projecting six inches beyond the front. of the
building. All advertising matter on clocks
maintained on the outer edge of sidewalks to
be prohibited. ; , . . .* ,
No. 4 engine, formerly i at 144 Second
street, will occupy the house in conjunc
tion with Battery No; 2, now located at
2CO'Farrell street; and a truck company.
The house has two- entrances. It is light
and airy and is a model -of Its kind. Vis
itors.say it- is equal and in some ways
superior to the best houses in the East.
Chief Sullivan is proud of the place and
1: opes more of its .-"kind 'will- be erected.
The city appropriated the sum of $30,000
for the construction of the flre. house and
Messrs. Hannah Brothers kept within tho
appropriation. There is $147 unused which
may be turned over to the firemen for the
purchase of games and gymnasium appa
ratus. . . .
On the first floor a' battery, truck and
rnglne will be housed. The second and
third floors will be dormitories and loung-
Inc rooms for the men. ¦ Shower baths,
tubs and other conveniences have been
placed in the building.-
The new fire house Is on a lot 40x100
feet. The style of architecture Is Ro
manesque in a modified form with classic
details. It. is a combination of brick,
stone, granite and terra cotta. The first
story is built of Raymond granite and the
second and third stories of terra cotta
and Roman brick.' ' ¦ *
ihe success of their work. T. J. "Welch,
the architect who drfew-thc plans of the
structure, was also commended.. - -a. .
EETAIL BUTCHEBS
ADOPT NEW RULES
Peddling of Meat From Wagons Pro
hibited and Shops Will Cldse
on Sundays.
The Retail Butchers' Protective Associa
tion adopted a number of rules last night
for the guidance of its 265 members and
under which retail meat traffic is to be
conducted. The rules are as follows:
Prohibiting thje peddling of meat from wasons
at retail.
Prohibiting the giving away of trading
stamps, vegetables or premiums of any kind
with purchases of meat. New Year's cards and
calendars excepted.
Closing all shops on Sundays; also, closing
at 6 p. m. week days. Saturdays excepted.
Allowing Kosher butchers. . who do not keep
open on Saturdays bsfore sundown, to keep
open on Sundays till noon
Prohibiting the placing of price lists of meats
In shops or publishing the same by card or
circular. J . . ¦ ¦ .
Prohibiting the displaying of signs reflecting
upon or having a tendency to create animosity
among members of the trade.
"The association gave a high jinks to
members and friends. There was a three
round boxing event between the Krellin
brothers and other members assisted In
the programme.
Mortar Destroys Lad's Eye.
James Bradley, aged 9 years, residing
with friends at 2981 Twenty-sixth street
whose parents live inBenicia, had his
right eye burned out yesterday afternoon-
Small boys threw mortar in his face The
boys were playing about a new building
at Twenty-sixth and Bryant streets The
sufferer was removed to the City and
County Hospital, where the injured optic
was removed and the other treated with
the hope of saving it.
Acted in Self -Defense.
The case of George Askco, a Korean
charged with an assault to murder, was
dismissed by Judge Fritz yesterday.' Ask
co was accused of shooting Bruno Mever
alias John Mitchell, at 28 St. Mary^
?-^ c 5 °£ \ he ™ nlght of M& y 31 - A^co tes
tified that Meyer was attempting to
break open his door when he tired tha
shot and in view of Meyer's pxevioua
record the Judge concluded that skco
had acted in self-defense. -skco
Regular Theater Train Put On.
The Southern Pacific Company on and
after Sunday will run a theater train to
Palo A-lto every evening, leaving the
Third -«nd Townsend streets flepot at
ll:4o p. m. At the present time the thea
ter train is only put on Saturday even
ings. This innovation will be jrl/dlv re
ceived by those who live on the Palo
Alto Tine as the train will stop at all in
termediate stations. /
McGlynn Case Dismissed.
The case of Charles J. McGlynn. pa ing
teller in the Hibernia Bank, charged wit^
an assault with a deadly weapon on Mav
21 upon John Buhmann. cashie? in Mora
ghan's oyster-house. California Market
was dismissed by Judge Fritz vesterday
without comment. Another charge of ma
licious mischief against McGlynn for
breaking the cash register was also dis
missed.
Isaac H. Miller filed a suit for divorce
yesterday against Annie C. Miller, alleg
ing, cruelty. Judge Murasky granted Ed
mund Richardson a divorce from Emma
C. Richardson for infidelity and Virginia
Dell a divorce from Robert V. Dell for de
sertion. : . ;'vi
In the Divorce Court.
UP-TO-DATE FIRE HOUSE TURN
ED OVER TO THE DEPARTMENT
YESTERDAY BY CONTRACTORS.
The following is the committee in charge:
Thomas F. Alford, chairman; 'J. P. Hare, sec
retary; Joh'.: H. McGinney, treasurer; E. A.
JIcLaughlin Jr.. Thomas F. Duffy, E. J. Ken
ny and .T. L. Siveeny.
The committee specially desires to announce
that the first boat v>-!ll leave Tiburon ferry at
10 a. m. sharp, th«> later boat as advertised.
Hound triii tlckf ts £0 cents. ¦
During • the- past year membership has in
oreabed 20 per cent, mostly the sons' of" or
ganlzerc. who will make merry the. outing of
Sunday next.
The Mutual Alliance, is the pioneer IriSh-
Anwsricaii organization of the Pacific Coast,
and is now in a most flourUhing' condition
r.u:nerica!Iy and financially, and after an ex
istence of thirty 'years "the members' are" Justly
proud of its record; having paid in that period
to tick members, widows and • orphans nearly
one hundred and twenty thousand dollars.
The Alliance has expended several hundred
dollars to make this occasion attractive to
all. which, added to the reputation of -its social
affair*;, gives promise of the most enjoyable
family outlne of the eeason.
Chairman AKord reported that nearly $1000
iiad been secured for the -gate and games.
Music will bo furnished- by a celebrated union
band and special music lor Irish jig and.
reel dances by the renowned Irish fiddler, Pro
lc-sFor Mcltahon.
The '-Mutual Alliance held a mcetinc last
evening and the committee in charge of 'their
comlns picnic,- to be- held' at 'Schuetzen "Park
on next Sunday. June 22, reported the com
pletion of arrangements for a euccewful re
union of the members, their families and
friends. . . ..
Grand Outing on Sunday Next.
Completion ' of Arrangements for
ST. PATRICK'S MUTUAL ALLI
ANCE ASSOCIATION WILL
PICNIC.
Officer Josephs said that the leader of
the gang, "Jack the Ripper," is a fence
for stolen goods. There is a brewery not
far from the shack where the gang holds
forth, and Josephs says so many kegs of
beer have been stolen recently. that extra
watchmen have been detailed to look
after the premises.
Bernon made the excuse that he worked
sometjmes for a rancher named Cava
naugh, w.ho always paid him in ducks
or pigs, and he mistook Farren's ranch
for Cavanaugh's. Conwell denied being
at Ferren's ranch and said he had been
digging for clams all day.
mysterious disappearance of his pigs.
Mounted Police Officer Charles Josephs
was detailed to investigate, and Wednes
day he hid in some bushes near the
ranch and awaited developments. They
soon came.
Five men were seen by Josephs leaving
the ranch, each carrying a sack. He gave
chase and overtook Bernon, who had a
dead pig ilT his sack. The officer placed
him under arrest, and picked up the sack
which Conwell,. whom he recognized, had
dropped in his flight, and it also con
tained a dead pig. SLater Josephs found
Conwell on the bea<yh. digging for clams,
and- he was also arrested.
The evidence showed that John Farren.
a hog rancher, on the San Bruno road, had
been complaining to the police about the
Albert Bernon and Charles Conwell,
members of what is known as Jack the
Ripper's gang, with headquarters In a
shack close to the county line, appeared
before I Judge Mogan j-esterday on a
charge of petty larceny and were convict
ed and ordered to appear for sentence
this morning.
Mogan of Stealing Young
Porkers.
Two Men, Are Convicted by Judge
USE SXCKS TO CARRY
OFF FARREN'S PIGS
Board cf Works Ax^ards Contracts for
Paving and New Central Fire
Alarm Station.
The Board of Public Works received
bids yesterday for the erection of a. two-
Btorjr frame building in the inner court
of the City Hall for use as a central fire
plarm station. Jones. Petersen & Roun
tree bid $7«7; N'evrscm & McNeill $72S3,
and James B. 31c£heehy $7490. The con
tract ¦will be awarded to-day to Keusom
tc McNeill, the "iowost bidders.
Bids were also received for much street
End sewer construction, as follows, the
contracts also to X>e awarded to-day to the
lowest bidders:
Construction of extension of the Army-6treet
cower along H street 'roan Tenth to Seventh
avenue, the lowest bidder is the l.'nion Paving
>»nd f.onstrui'tiun Company, at $7S75.
Kxtetision of the }"Dtn;ro-avenue sewer from
Twenty-flrtii street to Aitay street, lowest bid
tier, Cnioi: Pavins ancf Constructing Company,
Keconstruction of Sixth-street sewer from
Harrison street to Ur^^ant, lowest b:«J, City
btreet Improvement Company, J10.955. ..
r.iturninous rock ravisuent on Alonteomery
iroia Washington to Jack>on and Jackson street
from Mcntsurnerj- street to Montgomery ave
nue. City Street Im;*rovemeat Company
*.j:;s9 C2.
Paving Eansome street from Washinctcn to
fartaxn with basalt blocks, lowest bid. City
Street Improvement Comp;my. $3179 C4.
Bituminlzing Mission stueet from Ocean ave
nue to "trsia avenue, lovfst bidder. Uniou.
VmxtEX and Constr-iciing- Cbctpany, $2172 21).
Reparlsg with bitumen o' Hayes street lrom
Van Xefs avenue to J-acuna street, lowest bid
der, J. A. Dowlinr. $7090 68.
OPENS BIDS FOR MUCH
STREET AND SEWER WORK
Flinck has been a patient' himself at the
hospital for several months, as he is a
sufferer from epileptic fits. He never had
any trouble with a patient before. He
says Shields used abusive language to
him and struck him with the water bottle
before he grasped him by the throat. After
he left Shields he returned iiJid Shields
continued his abuse, when he struck him
on the face. He is now sorry for losing
his temper and striking Shields, and says
2:e is prepared to stand the consequences.
Flinck left Shields, but immediately re
turned and struck him several vicious
blows en the face, only desisting when
Shields yelled for help. The. head nurse
appeared and ordered Flinck to leave the
•ward, at the same time notifying the po
lice. .
About 1 o'clock in the morning Shields
told the head nurse that he wanted to see
the night orderly. She notified Flinck and
he went to Shields' cot. Shields is suffer
ing- from a fractured kneecap and is un T
able to rise. After Flinck had attended
to him he complained of the night or
derly's delay in coming to wait on him.
Flinck. it is alleged, grasped Shields by
the throat, and to defend himself Shields
struck him on the forehead with a water
bottle, cutting his eyebrow and his left
ear.
Charles Flinck, a night orderly at the
City and County Hospital, was arrested
at an early hour yesterday morning by
Policemen Wollweber and Keohane on a
charge of battery upon Patrick Shields,
a patient in the institution. Flinck ap
peared before Judge Conlan yesterday and
t he case was continued for a week. I Oscar
Schlam, the head orderly, swore to the
complaint.
There seems to be little, doubt* that
Judge Fritz has the right under the code
to hear all the. evidence in the case after
having Indorsed the warrants. for the ar
rest of Mr. Spreckels and Mr. Leake and
subsequently accepted the bonds put up
for their appearance.
Attorney Preston, addressing Judge
Fritz, announced that there was a section
in the Penal Code which gave the magis
trate who accepted the bond of persons
charged with a. misdemeanor a right
to hold the preliminary hearing. Mr.
Preston stated that he would like
to ; have Judge Fritz set a date
when the defendants would be given a
hearing, and Judge Fritz stated that he
would take the matter up this morning,
at which time he would set a date for the
hearing of arguments on an elaborate
scale.
"Oh. that's all right. Sheriff," said Mr.
Spreckels: "you don't need to bother
about reading that." Attorney E. F.
Preston then handed Judge Fritz a type
written bond for J500, which was prompt
ly signed by William Cluff, the grocer,
and ex-United States Senator Charles N.
Fe.lton. Judge Fritz went ' through the
usual formality of swearing in the.bonds
men. Then Henry Plagemann and I. J.
Truman certified on Mr. Leake's bond
for the sum- of $500, and Sheriff Hammell
retired. ...... .
In accordance with a telegraphic un
derstanding between Sheriff Hammell of
Los Angeles and Mr. Leake, Sheriff Ham
mell called at Mr. Leake's office at 1
o'clock yesterday afternoon and asked
when it would be convenient for the serv
ing of the warrants. Mr. Leake suggest
ed 2 o'clock and at that hour Sheriff Ham
mell returned to Mr. Leake's private of
fice in the Call building.
H-5 was not armed with an Ore
gon boot nor a pair of handcuffs,
and he did not even seem to be bur
dened with the hope that he would have
the pleasure of the company of Mi*.
Leake and Mr. Spreckels on his return
trip to Los Angeles. . Police Judge Alfred
Fritz was numbered among those present.
' After exchanging greetings with Mr.
Spreckels and Mr. Leake the Sheriff
started to read the warrants. •
Sheriff Hammell of Los Angeles Countj'
arrived in San Francisco yesterday morn
ing armed ' with warrants? for the arrest
of John D. Spreckels, proprietor of The
Call, and W.- S. Leake, manager of the pa
per, on charges of libel, sworn to by Gov
ernor Henry T. Gage before a Justice of
,the Peace of Wilmington Township, by
whom the warrants we're issued. .
Mail coming to the officers and mem
bers of the Marine Engineers' Association
is usually placed in a letter box at the
headquarters on East street and members
obtain the key from the. janitor and help
themselves to their own mail. It is the
theory of the prosecution that in this way
Mullen secured the letter containing the
money order.
The most important j witness for the
prosecution was- Andrew Jacksbn ; paying
teller of. the /money \order - department in
the main Postofflce on -Washington street.
Mr. Jackson', positively 'identified- the pris
oner* as the man who presented the or
der, received the money and "signed the
name of J. J. Searey to the paper. J. M.
Benson, financial secretary of the Marine
Engineers' Association, testified that the
Searey signature on .the order was a for
gery. John P. West, a letter-carrier,
swore that, the indorsement of his name
on the order, as an;identifler of Mullen
was a forgery.
John Kingston, who carries letters on
Polk strtet in the district in which Mul
len resides, related that Mullen came to
hini four or five months ago with a money
order and requested Kingston to identify
him by indorsement. Kingston, seeing
that the order was. not made payable to
Mullen, refused to give the indorsement,
whereupon Mullen explained that the or
der was made payable in his stepfather's
name,, which was Mullen's "other name,"
but Kingston declined to sign it even
after Mullen's ingenious explanation.
Mullen is said to. have borne a good
reputation, but in spite of this fact, the
evidence being so damaging. Acting
United States Attorney Banning refused
to agree to bail lower than $2000.
The complaint was made by Postoffice
Inspector L. II. , Bricker, who - accused
Mullen of/ having forgsd the, name of J.
J. Searoy,:.to. a -.postal money order for
$2150, sent from Eureka by Robert Lead
better as his dues to Secretary, Searey of
the Marine Engineers' Association.- ;
John PI Mullen, second assistant engi
neer on the steamer Pomona, was held to
answer '^before the Federal Grand Jury
by : United j States Court Commissioner
Heacock yesterday on a. charge of for
gery. . ¦. " i -. ' ¦ '" .. _ " ' -.-
HarryxKnox and Richard Cornelius of
the Carmen's Union said the. condition
would compel the United Railroads to
recognize the union, which it had not
heretofore done. It refuses now to treat
with the men as representatives of the
union, but only as employes.
Jesse Lillenthal. attorney for the Pre
sidio road, thought the condition legal if
an express waiver is made, and George
A. Isewhall. president of the same road,
said he would bid if such a clause were
inserted, isewhall said the United Rail
roads had In\-aded his company's terri
tory and has sent agents to influence the
residents to favor its own particular ap
plication. Newhall also said that if a
franchise is not to be granted his concern
would sell the road to the city and take
bonds in payment. ~
Lillenthal objected to the granting of
the application of the United Railroads m
the north end on account of invading the
Presidio road's territory.
Tobin said the franchise could be bid
upon -by any person or corporation, and
no particular one can be favored.
J. B. Harris, superintendent of the Cal
ifornia street railroad, said his company
would comply with the conditions rela
tive to union labor. The committee then
postponed action for another week.
WANT UNION RECOGNIZED.
Reed then submitted a proposed reso
lution inviting proposals. for the sale of a
franchise for a street road on Bay and
Buchanan streets. The conditions im
posed provide that the city may at any
time purchase the said franchise after it
has been sold to the highest bidder upon
payment of the 'cost of construction.
Also, that the city may operate its own
cars upon any portion of the railway
tracks owned by the corporation for a
distance of ten blocks upon payment of
one-half the cost of construction and ex
pense Of maintenance. Also, that at the
end of a twenty-five-year term the road
shah become the property of the city.
•Another point on which no satisfaction
could be obtained from the United Rail
roads was that relative to Inserting a
condition in the proposal for sale of fran
chise that union men solely should be
employed. Tobin would not give an an
swer until he had consulted with the of
ficials of the company, but said he con
sidered the condition unconstitutional,
unfair and unjust.
INVITES PROPOSALS.
The Supervisors' Street Committea
again postponed action yesterday on the
petition of the UnitetT Railroads for a
franchise to operate an electric road on
Bay, Buchanan, Post and Leaven-worth
streets to the Presidio, Montgomery ave
nue and East street. Another unsuc
cessful effort was made by the commit
tee to exact a promise on the part of Ja
seph S. Tobin, attorney for the corpora
tion, to agree to the use of five biocks
on Market street in conjunction with the
proposed municipal ownership of the
Geary street line. Replying to a question
from Braunhart as to whether Tobin
would concede the right to ¦ the city to
use five blocks the last named said:
"That is a question which I must sub
mit to the company. I will submit tho
matter of using the road on Market
street for less than five blocks to our
board of directors,, but I do not hold out
any hope that the answer will be favor
able to the city. Under section 499 of the
code we could hot grant the city t..e
right to njm more than five blocks on
Market street."
"The applications of the Presidio road
and the United Railroads would be use
less to any other companies," said ex-
Supervisor C. W. Reed, "and these com
panies alone will bid for the privileges.
The action of the United Railroad3 in re
fusing to grant the use of five blocks on
Market street to the city is strongly to
be condemned. The corporation is in pos
session of: valuable privileges, of which
the franchise alone is worth $1S,000.000,
which is in effect a gift from the city.
That the company should decline to give
reciprocal privileges to the city is as
tonishing. They are now using East
street by State sufferance, yet they wish
to deny the city the privileges which they
themselves exercise illegally."
Early Morning Difficulty in
City and County Hos
pital Ward.
Police Judge Fritz Accepts
Bonds for' Their Ap
pearance.
Paying Teller Jackson Tells
How He Paid Defendant
, the Money.
Street Committee Again Post
pones Action on Fran
chises.
Charles Flinck Arrested
for Battery on Pat
rick Shields.
United Railroads Hates
to Relinquish Five
Blocks.
Los Angeles Sheriff Ar
rests J. D. Spreckels
and W. S. Leake.
Identified as Man Who
Presented Forged
Order.
flcdern Structure Inspected by Officials and
Turned Over to Board of Works.
HOWARD STREET FIRE
HOUSE IS COMPLETED
NIGHT ORDERLY
MAULS PATIENT
HMMIELL SERVES |
GAGE'S WARRANTS
MULLEN IS HELD
FOR GRAND JURY
MAY NOT COMPLY
WITH CONDITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL," FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1902.
12
SILK COATS!
SILK SKIRTS!
All at 20 % Discount
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
Just' to Give dptltlfc More Life and
Activity to TbCse Splendid StocKs..
The SIIR Coats fire In the Popular
Eton.Thr'ss- Quarter and Full LengtQ
styie3. ; . ¦/ .^if-; 1 -. ;. ; •;;';/.
. AinonKtheni are- all. the newest thingrs —
all the latest fads— all the novelties as well
as the staples'. Wherever you look you'll
find true artistic, beauty In these pictur-
esque sjarments. If you should choose,
blindfolded you couldn't t make an indiffer-
ent selection. And all prices are.fair — not
fanciful. One-fifth off from "this kind of
prices assures bargains' well worth, coming
for. ... . ' .¦.;¦ ;¦_..,,,... -_'..-
The Sllktsklrts Are i All Made From
Reliable. Sturdy-Wearing Silks.
And they are the 'latest .models, of course.
r There's splendid chooifnsf, -too. The va-
riety takes in the whole range | from inex-
. pensive utility to costly elegance — from the
severely simple skirt with its graceful
curves and lines; but no ornamentation, to
. the elaborate one:wlth its wealth ot trim-
mings, frills .' and '. furbelows. At' marked
.prices they are enouch better values than
the next best skirts in town at the same
figures to,, make them ¦ interesting. At
twenty, per cent discount they simply upset
all oast standards of value. ... ;<;!;
¦ I nC rUKtviCK
2i90rant Avenue
' r ' " ~" —¦—¦¦¦ ¦¦¦.!—¦ ... ¦— ¦ — —^— —^^
|| Gibson's Observations No. 14
Pxabli^Hed by "Your Bospra Friend," o ?C « ii» « While
It's too hot for you to be wearing that stiff bosom
1 shirt you have on. You ought to have a negligee arid let-'
I the breezes blow through. 'Twill feel better ;and look
I better. 'Twill help your temper and your temperature. ¦
I've 500 kinds to choose from and all in the newest :
j styles— a dollar fifty buys a swell one— better Ret in
line.
John L Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend/'
Furnishings for Gentlemen. 1
1202-9204 Market St. 'Phone South 85O
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLOAK and j
ll ioo Fashionable TAILOR ]
|| SUITS, regular value !
j I] $15.00 and $16.00, re- |
1 duccd to $10.00 [
I 100 Novelty TAILOR \
I SUITS, regular value |
I $20.00 and $22.50, re- |:
1 1 duced to .... $1 5.00 2
ll 100 High Novelty TAIL- j
I £ OR SUITS, regular value j
! 1 $25.00 and $30.00, re- j
I 1 duced to . . : $20.00 1
I The very newest style ;
I of this season, reliable qual- |
I ity material, elegantly tail-
9 $10.00 Peau de Soie
I \ ETONS, reduced to
I $6.50
I $12.00 Peau de Soie
I ETONS, reduced to
j $7.50
I $10.00 medium and Dark
i CO VERT JACKETS, !
II satin lined throughout,
1 reduced to ...... $7.50
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST, j
? i tk.^3 Pi * 1 A V'k'W^T&sJ^J
LBJCidJLRjLJiaJiSS!2Sa3
Oppression. Suffocation, NearaMa, etc., cored bj
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.^ POWDER
Paris, J. BSPIC ; New York, B. FOUGERA & CGW
SOLO BY ALL DRUGGISTS
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN,
Counselor-at-Law
TJ. S. Supreme Court. Registered Attorney
17. S. Patent Office. United States and For-
eign Patents. Caveats, Trade Marks and
Copyrights.
No. 7OO 7th Street. N. W.
Opp. U. S. Patent Office.^QShiagtOJI, D.C.
/<» 1 -n rr TTk Eed *> cha!rs - Stoves, Eta.
/ A fSra ¦ H ' leritd f° r Kent and lor Sale.
I A la? B-^ Guns, Rifles. Fishing Tacklo
ft 1 LA IbB H and Goods. Send
<WjLjLi.TJL JL tor Catalocue. SHREVE &
BAKBEE CO.. 73i) Market
St.. and 511 Kearny it-
\A/. X. HESS,
K0TAKY PUBLIC AHD ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claua Spreckels Bide.
Telephone Main 0S3.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501. - -
•W'^MO^iik Weak Eyes Strengthens-I.
*%«2kA^« Painful or Inflamed eyes in-
5qa5E3£sL stantly relieved with GEORGBJ
aLvSfiSE!? MAYERLE'S German Ey»
Vfl57n$5« "Water. 5ftc. at 1071 Market
77MM1S st. Teh South 572. None gen-
uine without this trademark.
Bra Pa ¦ immJ^ 1/3 t^yj FTf r j^Cli
LEADING BUSINESS COL.LEGK OB" TBS
WKST.— 24 Post at.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established nearly 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
Sij T^ ADD Expert Accountant.
• 11* 1 r\ Iv IV guarantees a better
knowledge of bookkeeping In 8 weeks than any
college can give in S months. Mall course f\
knowledge guaranteed; country customers so-
licited. My pupils in the most responsible posi-
tions. 219 Parrott building. San Francisco.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
-AND VAN NESS SEMINARY,
1849 Jackson Bt., cor. Gough. S. F. Boardlnc
and day school for gfrla. Accredited by th«
leading colleges and universities. Reopens Aug.
11. 1902. SARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
THE LYCEUn,
A 1 * ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOI.
for the university, law and medical colleges ;
references. Pres't. Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor.Phelan big. L. H. Grace.Ph.D.,Pnnclpal.
College of Notre Dame*
SAN- JOSE CALIFORNIA, confers degrees,
grants diplomas, college preparatory; accredited
by State University: Intermediate and primary
classes for youns children. Studies resumed
August 5. 1302. -
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOP.
young ladies and little glrU. 2128 California
st will reopen August 4. 1001. Accredited to
tho Universities. REV. EDWARD B.
CHURCH. A. M- Principal. —
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Irvington, California. A high grade military
school for a limited number of bo>*3 of good
character. Next term begins on Aujrust 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON.
hTtghgogk military academy,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
XMAS TERM WIL*.. BEGIN AUGUST 13-
CALIFORNIA EUSINESS COLLEGE,
"A THOROUGH SCHOOL."
Progressive, exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped departments; positions for graduated.
Illustrated catalogue. S0.'» Larkin st.
K. L. DURHAM. President.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
821 Sutter St. — Osteopathy offers finest pro-
fessional life known to ambitious young msa
and women. Write for announcement aiul
any particulars. .
MISS M.G. BAHREIT'S *jg? JMp
SC2 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
SHORTHAND TAUGHT BY MAIL AND
personally; "best teacher. V>t;st system.'
TRINITY SCHGOL, 2233 Central his.,
Opens Monday, Aug 4. For information or cata-
logue address the principals. LYON & ROGER.
4 '
t^ll Havana Filler
•• FL0R0D0RA" BANDS an
of same valutas tags from
"STAR," "HORSESHOE,"
*SPEARHEAD: %t 'STANDARD NA VT"
I "OLD PEACH & HONEY,"
; •* SA WLOCr " OLE VARG1NY"
or" MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.