STANCH SCHOONER THAT CAME
NEAR BEING WRECKED WHILE
CROSSING A BREAKING BAR.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two.
Both the French and Russians are anx
ious; to send troops, to rescue the priest,
but- as Jehol Is a rich gold mining district
the court has ordered General Maiyukwan
to hurry and release the prisoner in order
to forestall/the entry of foreign troops
into, the district. . •. •:.',
PEKING, March . 7.— Bandit soldiery
have captured a priest at Jehol, about
one hundred miles northeast of Peking.-
distance, 223' miles, without a stoppage.
On their arrival .at Dartmouth .their
majesties were • met ' by * the Lords of- the
Admiralty and drove through! the dec
orated town to the cortege grounds; where
they were received by a guard of honor
of cadets. The laying of the. foundation!
stone was accompanied by the usual cere-:
monial. Papers and ; coins, were deposited
in a casket madeof oak from the Britan- ;
nia, which was placed beneath the stone.;
Germany was represented by the German'
school ship Moultke,' with.' her cadets'
drawn up on the grounds and inspected!
by the King.' Their majesties afterward;
proceeded j; to Plymouth, where Queen'
Alexandra, to-morrow will 'christen, tho'
British first-class battleship Queon. ' • ,
FORESTALLING
ANY INVASION
BY FOREIGNERS
LONDON, March 7.— King Edward, ac
companied by Queen Alexandra, laid the
foundation stone of the new royal. naval
college for cadets at Dartmouth to-day
and thereby, figuratively speaking/, scut
tled the old training ship Britannia, the
alma mater of all the present generation
of British naval officers. The royal party
traveled from London by the train built
at a cost of £46,000 for Queen Victoria's
diamond jubilee and covered the whole
KING EDWARD
SCUTTLES OLD
TRAINING SHIP
THE schooner Laura Madsen,
which arrived Thursday even-
Ing from Grays Harbor, nar
rowly escaped destruction at
the end of her voyage while
;•¦ running the gauntlet of the
breaking bar.- As it was. the dozen or
more waves that boarded her wrecked
the cabin, tore away a number of deck
fixtures and crippled the skipper, first
Sea No. 1 caught the man at the wheel
squarely on the back, • carried him for
ward-with terrific .violence and rendered
him useless for service for some time to
Tho bar didn't look very rough to Cap
tain Jorgensen : when ,¦ he 'headed the
schooner, across, but' before he got 'over
he thought the Pacific Ocean had emptied
itself over him and his men. :
and second mates and three seamen.
Stanch Lumber Schooner Runs Gauntlet
of Leaping Seas and Is Badly Battered.
Pays a Visit to Albany and West Point.
Prince Henry's last day on the special train which carried him to the South.
West and East rivaled in interest any of the others spent by the Prince on the
tour, for it began with a visit to Albany, included a run in bright sunlight
down the west shore of the Hudson River and closed with a reception at the
United States Military Academy at West Point. It was 2 o'clock wiien the
special train departed from Boston and daylight when it was climbing through
The United States. He is fully aware of the fact that he has had only a super
ficial glimpse of a very email portion of the United States and that he might
-ierhaps have used his time to greater advantage had he remained In one of
the larger of the Eastern cities. But he is convinced, nevertheless, that, con
sidering the character of his missloi. the trip was the right thing for him to
do. In making it he has obtained a very fair idea of the vastness of the coun
try and its resources, which the capital of the United States and the great
commercial centers of the East alone could not have given him. But more than
this impression he values the hearty welcome which he met in all the places he
vent through, a welcome that showed him how the people of the United States
everywhere understood and appreciated the intention of the German Emperor
in sending him here.
"The Prince made a speech in St. Louis in which he said he regretted not
to have been able always to express his thanks to those who greeted him at
the railway stations or who otherwise decired to show him their respects. He
v.ishes to have the Intent of that speech conveyed to all those who in the
course of the trip gave him such a cordial reception, and especially he wishes
to express his thanks to those who early in the morning, when he was not pre
pared and etill in bed, welcomed him with musJc and cheers.
"The receptions by the great cities of the South and the Middle West were
more than he ever had expected, and 60 were the receptions in the East. 1 But
his Royal Highness is equally thankful for what the smaller places did In
showing him their good will, though the train i« : » = h places stopped only a few
minutes and frequently not at all."
NEW YORK. March ".-Prince Henry of Prussia to-day completed his tour
end is once more in New York, where be will remain until Monday, when h»
will go to Philadelphia. He was absent from the city for nine days, during
which time his special train was within the territory of thirteen States and
loeced a total .distance of 4358 miles. He was greatly pleased with his trig, and
to-night, through his aid, Captain von Mueller, Issued a statement expressing
his tatisfactlon at the opportunity which came to him and gratification at the
cordiality with which he was received throughout the country. Captain von
Mueller said:
"His iRoyal Highness is very much pleased by his trip into the interior of
Through Mis Aid the Royal Visitor Says lie
Is Greatly Pleased With Cordiality Shown.
The Madsen was lumber-laden, but di'J
not lose a stick of her deckload in the
bombardment.
Captain Jorgensen had both eyes black
ened, his head cut In many places, his
ribs dented and received ah all. around
shaking up, 'from which his joints will
crack for many days . to come. Two of
the sailors are confined "to their bunks,
and both first and second mates move
about with lists' to ..port and starboard.-
The waves stove-ln the cabin doors,
flooded the cabin, carried away the. wheel
box and tho binnacle-box and generally
wrought havoc above "and below decks.
Jorgcnsen resisted the first and second
waves, but the third sent him forward
with a bang. Eefore he recovered him
self the bar was crossed and an hour or
bo later the schooner anchored.
Both schooner and aea behaved for a
spell and under the uklpper's guiding hand
the bar. was almost crossed when the
trouble began again. The billows began
to bombard the skipper.
The firm and second mntert then jrrnMputl
the wheel. They Htuyert with It. but tt
brief spell. The next «ett' tore loose their
hold nnd rolled them like animated dice
the whole' length of the, vessel. Before
they recovered themselves Captain" Jov-
Kcnsen himself had hold of the spokes.
come Two other , Hnllnr* grabbed th»»
wheel, but had hardly Kot the Hchoonor
on her eourHo again when another wuvo
jiltelit'd them both .011 tori of the deekloncl
ami left tht-m brcuthlHW and more or
leHM lirulneti nnd battered.
Wreckage Marks the
Work of Waves.
According to Conductor Stockwell's report the wreck was at a point
where the grade terminates in a reverse curve. The train left the track on
the other side of the curve, which destroys the theory that the accident was
caused by the train running at a high rate of speed, in which case it would
have been deposited on the other side. The remaining solution of the cause
was there \vas*a broken flange.
, The cause of the wreck is not known, and in all probability will remain a
mystery. Railroad men in this city have many suggestions as to how it could
have occurred, and assert it may have been the work of wreckers.
When at last communication was made with Sanderson. San Antonio
and El Paso, wrecking trains left for the scene from this place and San An
tonio, surgeons for the company being called up all along the line. A relief
train was also dispatched from Sanderson, which took to the survivors of the
wreck clothes and covering.
Wreckers May Have Caused Disaster.
¦ Conductor Stockwell, who was only slightly injured, upon finding his
crew were killed and disabled, started out for Tabor to warn the eastbound
train. For two hours he dragged himself through darkness, arriving in time
to stop the approaching train.
\V. G. Van Vleck, general manager of the Galveston, Harrisburjr and San
Antonio Railroad, was at San Antonio, and left at once on a special train
for th- scene of the wreck.
As soon as it was possible to get in communication with the division
headquarters relief trains with surgeons and physicians were started from El
Paso, Del Rio and Sanderson, picking up all along the line ail the surgeons
that could be found.
All of the injured who were in a condition to be moved were sent to El
Paso, where they received careful attention.
The wrecked train was the Galveston, Harrisburg and San Antonio west
bound passenger No.- 9, and consisted of an engine, mail car, baggage car,
one coach, one chair car. three tourist sleepers, one Pullman sleeper and one
private car. The mail car, the baggage car and coaches were piled together
against the engine and were ablaze in a few seconds. It was impossible to
move any of the coaches or the tourist cars, as they were all off the raiU and
were soon consumed by the flames.
All the injured in the coaches just behind the express and baggage cars
were cremated. The people in the sleepers were saved with the assistance
of the uninjured passengers.
A private car owned by Thomas Ryan ot New York City, with his fam
ily aboard, was attached to the rear of the train, but it was pulled away before
the lire reached it. and no one in it was injured.
and twenty-eight were more or less injured. The ill-fated train left
Antonio at noon Thursday, two and a half hours late, and at the time the
accident occurred was runninfj at a high rate of speed to make up time. The
road at the point where the wreck occurred is in a rough country, the curves
being s»harp and the grades heavy. It was when rounding a curve that the
train left the track, it i* said, on account of a broken rail. The hour^ wa*
,1 a. m., fifteen hours after the train had left San Antonio, showing tl\at it
was still behind time. All the passenger? were asleep, and the shock that
fpllowcd was the first intimation they had of the danger. The train was
going at such a rate of speed that the tender and engine landed seventy-five
feet from wlrerc they left the rails. The ears behind piled up against the en
gine, caught fire, and nit 'wen: consumed, except the sleepers.
, AN ANTONIO, Texas, March 7.— A broken rail caused a frijrht
g^ ful wreck on the Southern Pacific Railway near Maxon station,
twenty-five miles west of Sanderson, at 3 o'clock this morning.
At^ Jf From the latest reports received here fifteen persons were kilted
PRINCE FINISHES TOUR.
"If Oernany e'tn « coaling utaiion or naval gtutlmi In tho Worn IjiiIIoh u
will not be tium ut>," whk th«« laconic statement from 8»-nutor Phut of (.'onnectl.
cut.
Sr-jiau-r Spooncr of WJi«conKin it bIpo dUjiOfied to tront the HugKOKtion hu
morously. "Germany will rind," nald h<\ "that while we can be delightfully ho
<iii *<• tan nh:o attfiul to our own knlttlnp." fipoowr added (hat he did not
believe lhat Oennany would ne»k a naval utaHon In the Went Indies nnd that
ili.« r< fuenl of the United 8t«te« to entertain ruth n proposition was certain.
Senator Lodpe of Massachusetts characterized the proposition as "prepos
terous." He t;aid that he did not believe Germany seriously contemplates ask
ing permission of this country to establish a basis in the West Indies, but if
ihe request I* made it will certainly be den'ed. "We command the Caribbean
tif-t. and we wJ!l continue to do bo." paid Lodge. "Germany is ns well aware
<>( ihui facf a" any nation can bo."
Senator Morgan, the ranking Democratic member of the Committee on For
eign Relations, eaid: "I should not oppose granting the favor for a coaling
nation In the Caribbean Sea to Germany, France or any other nation, pro
vidod it was not fortilied."
Senator Dubois said: "We are glad to have Prince Henry visit us and we
will lavish American hospitality upon him. but we cannot and will not stretch the
Monroe doctrine to a breaking point to allow Germany to have a coaling sta
tion over here."
Monroe Doctrine Cannot Be Stretched.
Senator Heitfeld. iaaho. said: "I am of German descent, but I would not
consent to the proposition of allowing Germany a coaling station on this side
of the water in violation of the principles laid down in the Monroe doctrine.
If such is the motive for Prince Henry's visit to this country he is going "about
it in a very diplomatic way, but it will not succeed."
Senator Burrows of Michigan said: "We are very glad to have Prince Henry
come over to visit us and we have given him a royal welcome, but if he expects
to Fneak in under the Monroe tent we will see him when he attempts to crawl
under the canvas. I have no Idea lhat Germany has any ulterior motives in
feuding Prince Henry over here other than to cultivate frtenjlyjrelatjqns and
?rtiprare Tzr-T&RmnnxF. IT she hopes to secure our permission to Tocat^.a coal
inx station in South American waters as a result of the Prince's visit, his trip
to the United States will certainly prove a failure."
"I have heard considerable gossip and speculation about the real object of
Trince Henry's visit to this country. I have also heard that Germany is plan
ning; to pet leave for the Government to establish a repair and coaling station
in South American waters. The American people will not sanction anything of
that kind. We are always willing to receive foreign visitors cordially and give
'..hem hospitable greeting, but we are staid when It comes to giving up our rights
ard advantages under the Monroe doctrine."
y ALL BUREAU. 1406 G. STREET. N. W., WASHINGTON. March 7.—
jf ~ Diplomats and members of Congress without exception have declared
H that If the purpose of Prince Henry's visit to the United Slates is
BL to acquire a coaling station it would fail. The special news from
"^ Berlin was widely read and commented on to-day and everybody
interested in foreign affairs said that such a tbing would never be
listened to by the American people. Senator Elkins said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mm. Mary Koebler, San Francisco, Internal Injuries
A. S. Turner. Illaclc Hawk, Ml**., band crushed.
Mm. E. M. Sheppard, Glen Mills, Pa., bead bnrt.
.1. Fnller, Washington, D. C, leer and foot crushed.
Antonio El Rio, Del Rio, Texas, internal injuries
GcorRe Ollenbergr, Lexington, Ky., hand crushed.
E. C. Baker, Auj?leton, Texas, bruised.
Charles II. Hoy, San Antonio, Texas, both feet scalded.
A. E. Massey, Wllby, Texas, sculp -wound.
.1. I. Taylor, Mclberry, Kans., hend Injured.
Mrs. Mitchell, Philadelphia, hurt Internally.
W. R. Adams, express messenger, internal injnrles and badly
scalded. ;¦'. A 1 ".'.
- Craig Battleman, North Dakota, head and back hurt.
. . Brlncoe llodrls;t».e*, Del Jlio, Te.\n», bruised. . % ,-. .; .._-.- - ..
Lutons Murates, Del' Rto, Texas, slightly bruised.
Antonio Donule, Del Rio, Texas, bruised.
M. Lnlirrt, residence nnknown, hend liart. *ff5f|K
D. P. ,' Havens, El Paso, Texas, bruised.
A. E. McKenzie, Safford, Ariz., slightly Injured.
H. J. Todd, Frankfort, Ky., bruised.
Thomas O. Crowder, Houston, Texas, bruised.
'William Josephs, San Jose, Cal., back injured.
J. H. Taylor, Birmingham, Ala., sllsrhtly hurt.
Hush Mills, Chetopa, Kans., slightly Injured.
Dr. G. C. Martin, Pecos City, Texas, slightly Injured.
G. W. B. Bennett, St. Paul, Kans., bruised.
AV. S. Glenn. Black Hawk, Miss., lee: broken.
. ' ¦ Mrs. Annie •Wortherst, leg and hand crushed.
THE INJURED.
THE DEAD.
hihki: < iin,nnn\ or maut umni.n op ciietopa, kaii.
KSTAVO2V COXTRAn.lS.
AXDREW C. SIIELL.Y, Ull'K AND CHILD, LOIRE!, TEXAS.
• CHILD OP D. E. HOI/SEX. IIACIXE, WIS V iMag®
JIU. AND MRS. "WHITE:. MAXITOWOC, WIS.
KNGINEEH AL MAST, EL PASO, TEXAS.
PinEMAN II. BERTSCHOST, EL PASO, TEXAS.
L. A. HOO.\E, NEWS AGEXT, DOYTiEX, LA.
CliniS KEEL, CONTRACTOR. SAX AXTOXIO.
\V. \V. PRICE, ENGINEER, SAN ANTONIO. UraM
The •fnfrr.irrn rnl.lr.l from Ilrrlln. n« pttbllnhpfi o \ «•! nnl vel jr
brrf In Tin* CmII r«"»<«*r«l«»-, that tli* ultimate hIiJimm of 1'rlncc
Hrnry'ft H«ll I" <o wrnrf for Germany a nnrnl l»n»e on tlip We«t"
rrn Hrtnlaplicrc •¦ not" plrnnnnt ncn» t«i Amrrlcan Mntc>»mcit.
I'nl(ri) Mnt<« Vnilorn, wln-n Interviewed npon the subject jeMcr
d«r. •tntrd thnt If the pnrpone of the visit of Kmpcror Wflllattt'ai
brother l« to acquire a mnllnit ntatlon it iroalil Barely full. Such
*cnninr» n» i;ikfn«. Darrom, DabolK, Lodfte and Spooner declared
positively tbnt the Monroe doctrine cannot be broken down, anil
that the I'nlted States will never conaent to jjlve Germany a
ha«e for naval operation* in South American water* or elsewhere
on thla continent. 0
NO NAVAL BASE.
BREAKERS ON THE BAR BOMBARD
THE COASTER LAURA MADSEN,
CRIPPLING SIX STOUT SAILORS
TERRIBLE DISASTER ON SOTHERN
PACIFIC IS CAUSED BY BROKEN RAIL
Fifteen Persons Are
Dead and Twenty*
Eight Injured.
Westbound Tram No. 9 Is
Wrecked Noar Sander"
son, Tex., and Burned.
Cars Are Piled Up Against the Engine and
Are Soon Consumed by Flames
Which Break Out
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 98.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAUCH 8, 1902.
If It Is Prince Henry's Mission to Secure
a Coaling Station in South America
It Will Fail.
Senators Declare Positively That Permis-
sion Will' Never Be Given by the
United States.
STATESMEN SAY
GERMANY CANNOT
GET NA VAL BASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.A SCENE AT THE, FUNERAL
OF THE LATE FAMOUS MIN
STREL. . ' '.¦''' :_~ ¦ - '
Continued Fr cm Page One.
NEW YORK, March 7.— Thomas F. Ryan, a New York. capitalist, largely In
terested in street railway and gas companies, left here some daya ago in a spe
cial car for, a. tour of the Southwest. He was accompanied by Mrs. Ryan- and his
12-year-old" son. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' - ' ¦
PASADENA. Cal., March 7.— A. A. Ryan, a stock broker of this city, re
ceived a .telegram to-night from his father, T. F. Ryan, whose private car was
attached "to* the Southern Pacific train that was wrecked at Sanderson. Texas,
stating that'tHfe car had ; been jerked from the forward portion of the train which
went over the embankment and did not leave the track. Mr. Ryan senlor.was on
his way from New York, accompanied by his wife and child, to visit at the home
of his son at 'Altadena. He says that none of his party was hurt and that the
iourney will be resumed in the morning.
RYAN ESCAPES INJURY
That was Mast's third narrow escape in the space of a couple of months, and
he thought that he had about had his share. He asked for and received a lay
off for sixty days, during which time he visited his brother-in-law in Stockton.
He felt that he ought to get out of the railroad business,, but was unsuccess
ful in finding any other means of making a livelihood, so' he went back to rail
roading again: He frequently, told intimate friends that he fully expected that
he Would not live through another iccident.
SACRAMENTO, March 7.— Al Mast, the engineer, was formerly a resident of
Sacramento. While he lived here he was a baseball pitcher of note, pitching. for
a number of years for a club known as the Boys of '76, which at that time was
the champion baseball organization of the State. .
.*.-/¦,•...¦. .• . -i ... ¦ .. •¦
trlqd to frighten the animal off the track. The steer' kept between the rails,
however, for a considerable distance until a culvert was reached, when. the ani
mal fell in, all fours going down. This left the upper portion of. the creature's
. body protruding, and as there was no time to stop the heavy train on the steep
grade, Mast told the fireman to get ready to die, as there was no hope for.
them. With great presence of mind, Mast turned on all possible steam, so that
when he struck the animal the train was going at such speed that the upper
half of the steer was cut clear off ano the train hardly felt the jar.
Continued From Page One.
Leaving Memorial Hall the Prince and his: staff went to the riding school;
where the cadets gave" an " exhibition of riding. The jumping feats of Cadet
Herr of the first class attracted the attention of the Prince and at his request
Herr repeated a standing Jump to the back of his horse In motion. : The cadet
At the close of the review the Prince visited Memorial Hall, where officers
on duty at the Academy were Introduced to him. He greeted them all very
warmly and complimented them on their work. : •¦¦¦.'
The parade grounds were 1 surrounded "by a great crowd and the entire review
made an impressive picture. The . day was bright and clear and the view of the
river ¦ and surrounding country was excellent. ¦
I wish to congratulate you on, your- splendid appearance. I am happy, at the chance
of seeing such' a splendid . lot of young men. I must congratulate your nation on hay
ing the services of euch a splendid lot of young men. I am given to understand that you
are about to celebrate the 100th anniversary, of the academy and I trust the occasion will
be a happy one. I rejoice • at the chance of visiting this beautiful place. Again ¦ I
thank you. , ' . ..•.,--..
On the second time around the cadets moved at the double-cuick and 'once
more their alignment was perfect. The Prince saluted and his officers uncovered
when the colors passed thereviewing stand.. After the review the cadets were
drawn up in close formation and the Prince, advancing to the front of. the first
company, addressed them. He said: ',. • --;¦;
Dress parade followed, . with the Prince as reviewing officer. The cadets. In
their handsome gray uniforms, kept their lines perfectly In snow that was shoe
deep, and their marching won the praise of the Prince and his officers.
West Point was reached at 2. o'clock and the Prince, was received with th<j"
military honor due his place Jn the naval service of his country. Colonel ' Mills ;
came to the station with a number of the. officers of the academy and with 'a'-'-'
troop' of cavalry drove him to the parade grounds, on 'the heights above. ' As _ ;
the cavalry escort showed at the brow- of the 'inclined road Knox Battery fired '
twenty-one guns. The cadets, formed In six . companies, were at once marched
on the field and the Prince, with Colonel Mills and their respective staffs, In
spected them. . , :: ;^ '?.'- 'I •¦. V/v, ' ': '' :
Cadets Win the Praise of German 'Officer si
the range of hills that divide Massachusetts and New York. Albany was reached
at 8:30 o'clock and Mayor Gaus, in behalf of the city, and Governor Odell, for
the State, met the Prince at the union station with formal official' greetings.
Then, under cavairy escort, he drove to the City Hall and Capitol to .return
the courtesy shown him. The people of the city lined the route throughout and
their cheers sounded In popular welcome. He was received by the two houses
of the Legislature and returned his thanks to their presiding officers for the
honor. He looked through the Capitol and returning under guard of cavalry, in- 1
fantry and police to the union station,left at 10:30 o'clock for West Point. The
train had been transferred to the West Shore Railroad and George H. Daniels,
general passenger agent of the New York Central Railroad, who lunched: with
him, was the guide who showed him the historical and scenic points from the car
window on the way' down the river. ;>* :V ; v -f"'H- ';
The German Embassador and General, with General Nelson A. Miles'
and his staff ,. were the only other guests at the dinner. ' The Prince' met th<. "
presidents of the < club, -Henry E. • Howland, in the reception room, and 'after a
few, minutes of informal -conversation dinner was announced. - ' • ¦¦ -
'•.The diners numbered ninety-four. There were no sneeches and only threo
toasts— "The President of the United States," "The German' Emperor" and
"Prince-Henry of Prussia." ¦ ' - '•' * . <<iv ¦', ¦
. .- At thcclose of the dinner Prince • Henry, , escorted by Judge Howland, went
through the clubhouse, visiting the library and other rooms. Then he was taken
to the main hall, where an informal, reception was held, President Howland in
troducine the members. . f „?.:.' : . ••;
:• A' crowd' had gathered -on the streets near by,' and when the Prince entered
hts- carriage^ at ;8 o'clock he . was greeted with cheers.. The Prince occupied a
closed" carriage.- The .members of his suite and his party followed In a quiet
drive to -the University. Club. on Fifth avenue. . . • ,
'-'Meanwhile the entrance to . the section of (the hotel set apart for the Prince
and-, his- suite .and attendants was closely guarded.by policemen and no one wa«»
v; allowed'- to'enter.-' '' •"'" "'•'".' ¦' ' - -. ...
As the'; carriage with cavalry escort left the grounds another salute of twen
ty-one guns-'<was fired. The special left West. Point twenty minutes behind
schedule time;; but made it up before Weehawken was reached. .
Consul general Buenz and Cpnsul Geissler met the special at. Weehawken
and escprtedUhe Prince to the ferry steamer West Point. At the .pier the
Prinze Encountered a crowd of commuters and they welcomed him with cheers.
Tne ; We'st^Priint^ ran to Forty-secomHtreet and landed, its royal passenger, at
• B^O.^Its^ok^vCaptain of Detectives Titusand a dozen detectives, two score patrol
meri>a,ya>a J .Bquaa:of mounted police were on hand to conduct the Prince to the •
. WAldQrpAstqri^- •- : • ¦ . . - ¦r:-:'.^-
Prince ; Had originally intended to return to the Hohenzollern, but the dis
covery of va* case of scarlet. fever. in the crew changed his mind. He did not
fear infection. himself, but decided, in view of the fact that he Is to meet a
large number of persons during the four remaining days of. - his stay in- the
, United States, that it would be better to go to a hotel. His flag will not be
removed from -the Hohenzollern untirthe steamship Deutschland, upon which h.V
• will return home, comes alongside the pier and Is ready to receive him.- He will
then board the Deutschland, remain on her and use her as his flagship.
Prince Henry reached the hotel shortly -after 6 o'clock and retired at once
; to his apartments, where he rested and made preparations for the events of the ¦
night, which consisted of dinner at the University Club and a "Kommers"
: given at thoArion Club, v ; ••;; :;^V:' . ' .' '"'•'¦ .'••;•'
Police \ Cipsely Guard the Royal Visitor.
RoyaiiFlag Is Transferred to the Hotel.
landed. safely on his feet and jumped off again without losing his balance
: After .the- display of rough riding, the Prince was taken to the gymnasium and
-a class i'o'f" carets went through their exercises for him." - N
The. parting call of the Prince was at the house of Colonel Mills/. whom he
repeatedly eonjjnatulated and thanked. He was so much interested in the post
that he' pfplbng-'f'd his stay twenty" minutes beyond the time set for' his depart
ure. Colonel Mills was invited to ridt; on the special to New York, and rode
with the .Prince to the station. .; , ¦. ' ' . '
GERMANY CANNOT GET THE NAVAL BASE
STOCKTON, March 7,— Al Mast, the engineer killed in the Texas wreck, was
a brother-in-law of J. O. - Derr, manager of the retail department of the Stock
ton Woolen Mills. This was his fourth accident and after his third he. declared
that the next accident would surely be his death. The first narrow escape he
had was caused by a conductor havinp given him wrong orders. He met an
other train and It was by the utmost good fortune that he managed to avoid a
head-on collision that would have resulted in the death of many passengers.
The next narrow escape /was 'when Mexicans pulled up a rail to ditch the train
that they might rob the passengers. The job was carelessly- done, however, and
the section hands found the loose rail in time to make repairs. The next train
due was Mast's. The third occasion %vas the narrowest escape of all. Wh'le
going down a steep grade with a heavy train a steer got on the track. Mast
PREMONITION OF DEATH
Mineral Lands on Reservations.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— A bill was
introduced to-day by Senator Rawlins
prohibiting the leasing of mineral lands
op Indian reservations. .- •.- . - . ¦
4> I do not want my name mentioned." said a prominent New Yorker, "but the
accident was due 'wholly to reckless running. ¦ We were striking those curves at
a speed of from forty-five to fifty miles an hour, 'and the train at that point where
it left the track could not hold on any longer." :
% ¦ The passengers . lost all their clothing", as the train burned quickly. From San
derson and stations along the road blankets were secured by the passengers, and
with these covering their night robes thfy arrived at El Paso to-night.
Reckless running is what the passengers .say caused the terrible accident,
Creeping like a mammoth hearse across the desert the relief train conveying
the dead, the dying and the injured of this morning's disaster puffed slowly into
the depot at El Paso at 11 o'clock to-night. Men, women and children, many
of whom still had their night robes on, bandaged from head to foot, made their
way or were assisted to the vehicles awaiting to receive them. Mothers, with
children in their arms and mothers with children lying dead in the front coach
were taken to the hotels or the hospitals.' Husbands and wives clung to each
other, the terrible scenes remaining still fresh in their memory.
In presenting Its recommendation to
Judge Hanford the Grand Jury states
that the colony is a settlement of a\owed
anarchists and free lovers, •'whose mem
bers are still bold and defiant. The rec
ommendation to abolish the postoffice is
bas»4 on the allegation that the colonists
boldly and knowingly abuse its privi
leges. ..:¦ • '
The actions of the Home colony came
into prominence following President Mc-
Klnley's assassination, and the Grand
Army then took steps toward breaking up
the colony. Its members comprise anarch
ists and free lovers who have been promi
nent in other colonies. In the East and in
California. ¦ . '-• •
The four anarchists indicted are Mattle
D. . Pejihallow. J. E. Larkin, James W.
Adams a.nd Lois Waisbrooker. Mrs. Wais
brooker is nearly 70 years of age. It is
alleged' that these members cf the colony
used the mails freely for transmitting
copies of the Home colony newspaper,
called Discontent, together with obscene
"articles entitled "Clothed With the Sun"
and "The Awful Fate of the/ Fallen."
Bpnch warrants were issued for. their ar
rest and they will be tried at this term
of court.
T ACOM A, " March* 7. — The Federal Grand
Jury to-day indicted four members of the
Home colony of anarchists and free lov
ers, situated fifteen miles west., of
Tacoma. The alleged offenses consist of
mailing obscene, lewd and licentious mat
ter through the Home postofilee. The
Grand Jury recommended to the Postmas
ter General that the Home postofnee be
abolished as speedily as possible. . Judge
lianford ordered certified copies of the re
port forwarded without delay to the Post
master General and the Attorney General
at Washington.
rious Home Colony Near
Tacoma.
Indicts Four Members of the Noto-
FEDERAL GBAND JUEY -
GOES AFTER ANARCHISTS
Fort Niobrara for Sick Soldiers.
OMAHA, March 7.— Fort Niobrara,
Neb., is to be an established health re
sort for injured soldiers of the United
States army for | some time to ¦ come.
But one company will be stationed at
that point for the present and the re
mainder of the quarters has been turned
over to the medical department. The
crowded condition of the medical quarters
at the Presidio Barracks at San Fran-'
cisco is given as the reason for the estab
lishment of additional imvilid quarters.
The medical department will send such
invalids to Fort Niobrara as the Ne
braska climate will aid in recovery.
We' all knew him well: his Infinite jSfr and
merry manner were his alone. Nothing finds
so prominent a place in fond recollection an
song. Our young hearts were fired ¦ by the
strains of the war songs he sung so well, and
many a tired and worn heart took courage
when the quip of jest f ejl merrily from those
Upa. We claim the departed for our own — he
became great here and here he comes to us for
rest. Loving hands stretched across the con
tinent to lift him to this shore and old friends
gather now to . bid. him a long farewell. . ,
The remains were 'taken to Laurel Hill.
Cemetery for interment.
The pallbearers" were:
* . ¦ .._......,.
There was a touching eulogy delivered
by George Osbourne and a simple but
beautiful prayer feelingly spoken by the
Rev. Father Henry O'-Keeffe of the Paul
ist Order, and the Elks' Quartet and
soloists rendered vocal and Instrumental
music, all appropriate to the. harmonious
life of the ' master of minstrelsy. The
order of the ceremony was: .
Organ solo, by Organist C. F. Hoffman;
"When the Morning Brcaketh," Elks'
Quartet, R. H. Lloyd. W. Ogelsby, R.
B. Kay and J. H. O'Brien; contralto solo,.
"Flee as a Bird," iEtta O'Brien: .'cello
solo. Chopin's: funeral march, Arthur Re
g-ensburger; vocal solo, "Come Unto Me,"
Mrs. Wallace Briggs; eulogy, George Os
bourne; a quartet; -benediction and the
reading of the service of .the dead, by
the Rev. Father Henry O'Keeffe, and or
gan solo, Beethoven's "Dead March in
Saul," .by.,C.''''j3.,;H.offman.
. Mr. Osbourne, 'in paying his tribute,
said: .. -, - ..
John MorriEsey,' J. J. Gottlob, P. J. Dunne,
S. L. Ackerman, A. WaKerstein, Harry Camp
bell. Charles F. Bryant and SamuU Newman.
Among the many present were:-
Charles Hackes, .James M. Ward, Oliver
Frank Sime, A. J- Carmany, J. N. O'Dell, J.
O. Fitzgerald, Thomas E. Dunne, William C.
Cronan, James P. Dunne, Judge Frank H.
Dunne, Louis Iuen, Arthur G. Fisk.'C. B.
Sloan". &. " W. Harris." John Wood, William
Sultan. Judge Hebbard, Judge Long, John Ul
rlch. William Barnard. Walter Belasco, Selby
Oppenheimer and Herman Konn. • .
To Cure Grip in Two Days.
Laxative Bromo-Quinlr.e removes the cause.
E. W. Gcove'a signature on every box. • ;
BROKEN RAIL CAUSE A TERRIBLE WRECK
Justice Andrew, addressing the Grand
Jury at the Sligo Assizes to-day, said the
state cf Ireland might be regarded as
highly unsatisfactory and urged the au
thorities to take active measures to pro
tect citizens. '.:¦¦"• . .
"We should all welcome it. There would
be a revolution in the south of Ireland.
You might look confidently for the re
appearance of Captain Hill."
LONDON, March 7.— A report was cir
culated in London to-day that a Cabinet
meeting had been called to decide; upon
the suppression of the Irish League and
that the Lord Lieutenant was coming
over from Dublin to carry back with him
a proclamation to that effect, but the
Cabinet did not meet to-day, nor did Lord
Cadogan arrive. Nevertheless tne Irish
leaders were interviewed and declared
their strong impression that the league
would very shortly be suppressed as a
dangerous organization. One of the Irish
members said:
Pile3 Cured Without the Knife.
Itching. Blind. Bleediny or Protruding Pller..
Xo cur*. Xo Fay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refufid
money where ( t fails to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
eases in Fix days; worst cases in fourteen days.
On^ application gives ease and rest. Relieves
itching instantly. This Is a new discovery, and
Is the only pile remedy sold. on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A free sample will ba
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress! Price, 50c. If your druggist don't keep
it in stock Fend 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets.
BRITONS TALK
OF SUPPRESSING
IRISH LEAGUE
Addresses were delivered by Walter
Gallagher. A. Roncovieri, J. S. Parry and
William Cole. After the meeting Mayor
Schmitz and party were entertained" at
Hotel Ver.dome.
Louis Montgomery acted as chairman.
Mayor Schnmz was greeted' with much
applause. He said he appeared not as
Mayor of San Francisco, but as a plain
man talking to plain people. He came
to San Jopu to snow his sympathy with
and interest in the cause.. of. labor and
brought with him a' message of good
cheer from the wage- worsers of .San
Francisco. He advised a closer relation
ship of employer and employe, claiming
thereby both capital and labor would be
benefited. The era of political corrup
tion in San Francisco ¦ was referred to
and the Mayor declared the political boss
10 b<? the greatOHt enemy of the American
Government. Mayor Schmitz urged all
factions to unite and defeat the bo&fes
in the local campaign.
Louis Montgomery of the Musicians'
1'nion, who has aspirations to go to Con
gress from the Finn D.strict, is accused
of manipulating affairs, and in his en
deavgr to curry favor from ths "tipper
ten" overlooked the wording people.
Even Mayor Martin was .not' invited.
Organized labor ¦ is disgusted and to
night's meeting haa caused -a rupture in
what were believed to be well laid plans
for a labor party at the coming election.
SAN JOSE, March 7.— There was a big
outpouring of citizens this everting to wel
come Mayer Schmitz and party, in which
were School Director Roncovieri, Fire
Commissioner Parry, Attorney Walter
Gallagher, Election Commissioner Boyie,
President Cole of the Carpenters' Union
and Abe Ruef. A reception committee
and band met .them at tne depot and es
corted them to tne Auditorium, where 2UO3
I. ersons were r>r,esent. . • . '
AVhile the meeting was advertised as a
labor gathering, it was anything but
such. Politicians wrtsied the honor on'
entertaining fcsan Francisco's Mayor away
lrom . the labor unions by trickery, and
while many workmen were present, not
more than two unions were o;iie:ally rep
lesented. The. 200 vice presidents of the
meeting were capitalists, politicians and
< flice-holders, the unions Deing snubbed
in the appointments. The Builrting
Trades Council this evening published a
statement that it would nut partic.pate
officially in the meeting on th;s account.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Maurice Duaan, 'Deputy ¦¦ Assessor of
!Marin County and foreman of the Coro
ner's jury, said to-nipht:
"We could do nothing else but bring in
a verdict o» given. There was so little
evidence Introduced— in-fact, there la such
a mystery surrounding the horrible affair
— that, considering the condition of the
body, it was almost impossible '• to defi
nitely determine anything. Therefore wo
had to rely more upon Mrs. Walsh's
habits during 1 her lifetime than upon evi
dence found after death. The verdict
does not clear up the mystery, in my
mind." . - .' ¦ .
SAX RAFAEL, March 7.— The Coroner's
inquest over the body of Mrs. Mary
Walsh, who was burned to death in her
home on Wednesday night, took place to
day. Coroner Edeu impaneled nine men
to act as jurors, and alter deliberating a
short time they returned a verdict that
deceased met deaih by fire, indirectly re
sulting from a stroke of apoplexy.
From the auiop^y surgeons testimony
and l'rom other witnesses the theory that
the old lady was murdered appeared to
be weil grounded. Dr. Wicicman, who
performea the autopsy, was the chief
witness at the inquest. He testuied that
the body was so badly charred that, it
was almost impossible to determine the
exact cause of death, but from what he
knew ot the health of Mrs. Walsh and
the condition in which he found her brain
after death he believed she had had an
attack of apoplexy; that she had fallen,
overturning a liirny and causing the con
flagration that resulted in her death.
When asked if he had discovered any
fracture of the skull the physician replioU
that he had found a hole in the sKull, and
that this might have been caused by a
biow oil the dead, but he believed it was
# caused simply by the lire burning through
. the ekuli. He also stated that there was.
a clot of blood upon -the brain that might
have been the result of a blow or of apo
plexy. In conclusion the doctor gave the
jury as his private opinion that he be u
lieved Mrs. Walsh'8 death was due to
apoplexy. The Jury acted on this state
ment. . .':¦¦''¦¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIMPLE and impressive were the
services that were conducted at
the funeral of the late William
Redmond Emerson in the lodge
room of Elks' Hall yesterday. The
casket, entirely hidden from view by a
pall of violets and Lilies of the Valley,
was borne ,to the hall by old and affec
tionate friends of the, departed man of
wit and humor. Almost beside the bier
stood a piano and near by was a 'cello,
and the platform from which the Elks
perform their "services was a. mass of
floral tributes to the dead. All these lent
a family and pathetic atmosphere to the
ceremony. • 'V •. . ' . '.
Represented.
Only Two of Their Organi
zations Are Officially
Coroner's Jury Gives no Hint
of Possible Grime by
Incendiary.
Work ngmen Are Over
looked in Reception
to Schmitz.'
Involved Verdict Is", Re
turned in Case of
Mrs. Walsh.
Large Number of Citizens- Attend Funeral- of William Emerson.
George Osbourne, 'A* Life-Long Friend and Brother Thespian,
Delivers an- Eloquent Tribute to the Memory of the Deceased
SAN JOSE LABOR
UNIONS WRATHY
FRIENDS GATHER AROUND BIER
OF MASTER OF HUMOR AND SONG
HAY STRIVES
FOR HARMONY
Effort Is Being Made
to Settle Chinese
Indemnity.-
Germany's Refusal to Lessen
Her Demand Causes
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, -UM'O "STREET, ' N.
W., WASHINGTON; March 7.— In order
to prevent a reopening of the Chinese in
demnity question Secretary -Hay Is urging
upon the powers, a, pro rata reduction' ot
their claiiKa." •" Th'e adoption -of this pro
posal has not occurred because of the re
fusal of Germany and' some of the smaller
powers to lessen their demands. .
The claims' of the powe'rs ' amount to"
462,538416 . taels. >. China agreed to pay
45u.U00.000. taels in full settlement. Before
the February installment of the Indem
nity,, amounjing-tb -14.25.000 taels, can ,be
accepted the' powers must reach an agree
ment as to the method of its eyuitable'
distribution. '; '•'•.-
Germany; insists that China sh#uld pay
every tael due the powers and is opposed
to. any reduction. If Is apprehended ' here
that if the powers insist that Chin* pay
12,o33,116 taels, which ids the difference be
tween the" amount • demanded and'the'
amount China" agreed to pay, some of
them will take advantage of the chance to
reopen the question and file additional
claims. . . ¦ ;j '£.i ;¦¦?>
The administration regards the question
aa a most important one and in case, of
continued opposition to the proposal for
a pro rata reduction must deviae some
other solution.
PLANS OF ROYALTY . ,
CAUSE : OF; .THE CHANGE
Reasons Are Made Knowii Whj"M.ijs
Roosevelf Will Not Attend
Coronation'.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— It was
'learned to-night that the reason why Miss
Alice Roosevelt will not attend the coro
nutlon of King Edward VII is because it
has been found practically impossible for
hei to go simply as a young American
.girl traveling privately in the household
of Special . Ambassador Reid. Notwith
standing, it was .stated that she would not
ga to London as the" daughter .of the
ITesldent. but simply as Miss-Roosevelt,
it was learned that London court circles
were considering - seriously- the question
of the status she .would, occupy in all
coronation functions, •-'.;• ;..j . '
When Miss RooSe*eU v s. status, became
a matter of. international discussion the
President -first considered .; the advisAblllty
of canceling the visit, b.ut- hot until It
was found that- an invitatlorr to.' visit the
King and Queen was on-* the; /way to
America was it decided that, : Jn view of
the extreme youth of Miss Rbosevejt and
the international; conditions * as" - well as
courtesies she would be called -.upon to
meet, the English vlfeit 'and all. its-de
lights would have to be relinquished.
THREE MEN- WHO MAY -BE
WANTED IN SAN FRANCISCO
Police : of Phoenix Hold Prisoner a
Trio. of Supposed Safe
Crackers.
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 7.— Several
days ago ..a man giving the name of
Michaels/ another named. McAndrews,
and a youth named 1 Ned .Fa'frell,- wfere ar
rested «nd jaiied for vagrancy. \ Burglars'
tools were •-•-found upon • them.' ."The boy
has made an alleged confession, in which
he says his companions are safe robbers
known toT the .profession/ as ' "Pa Slim"
and "Pa Blfnkey," the latter having but
one eye. They, admit Having friends in
San Francisco. The officers believe they
are San Francisco offenders and have
taken steps to obtain a clear identifica
tion. %
MTJRDEB THE FARMER
AND TORTURE A WOMAN
and Escape After Committing
Crime. i'\v^-<
Three Masked Men Break Into House
BUTLER. Fa., March 7.— Three masked
men broke into the hou3" of Henry Smith,
a wealthy retired farmer, living at Saxon
burg, Pa., last night and brutally mur
tlercd him and tortured Mrs. Smith in .a
fiendish manner. They then ransacked
the house and secured $200, and after de
stroying considerable property about the
house, escaped.
A large crowd of Indignant neighbors
Slave started in pursuit of the murderers
and they have been traced to Freeport.
Smith was over SO years old.
Large Building Is to Be Erected for
CLEVELAND LABOR MEN
>.;,;¦ WILL FOEM COMBINATION
Purposes of the Organ
ization.
CLEVELAND, March 7.— As the result
of a decision reached at to-day's session
of the delegates representing all classes
of labor, more than 100 labor unions in
this city will be united into one great or
ganization, to bo known as the United
Trade and Labor Council. .
A large building will be erected by the
organization to be used exclusively as a
labor 1 temple. Resolutions were adopted
by the convention indorsing the bill abol
ishing contract labor. .
SEEKERS AFTER OIL
READY WITH MILLIONS
Tex., March 7.— The charters
of fifty-two oil companies, with capital
stock aggregating $14,001,000, have been
Wed in the Secretary of State's office here
since January 1 of the present year.
The- recent widening: of the proved oil
field at Beaumont has stimulated the or
ganizing of oil companies and their char
ters are now being filed in the Secretary
of State's office at the rate of about five
per day.
FINDS THE FIRE
DUE ID APOPLEXY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SAT URDAYj MARCH 8, 1UU2.
2
ADVXB.TIST.TVT7.TJTa.
March
April May
There is a best time for doing every-
thing — that is, a time when a thing can
be done to the best advantage, most
easily and most effectively. Now is the
best time for purifying your blood.
Why? because] your system is now try-
ing to purify it— you know this by the
pimples and other eruptions that have
come on your face and body.
[food's Sarsaparilla
-and Pills
Are the medicines to take — they do the
work thoroughly and agreeably.
Accept no substitute.
KbrowN'S BronchialTroches
give men} axlut a rj relief In
I , Bronchitis.
Sold In Boxes only. Avoid Imitations. ,
POSTTJM CESEAL.
stick~to7t
Until Coffee Hits You Hani.
It is about as well to advise, people to
ttick to coffrc iintil they get hit hard
enough, so that they will never forget
their experience, althcugh it Is rather un-
pleasant to have to look back to half a
dozen years of invalidism, money and op-
portunity thrown away, which Is really
the terrible price paid for the weakest
kind of a "rcess of pottage."
A woman writes and her letter is con-
densed to give the facts in a short space.
"1 was a coffee slave and stuck to it like
a toper in his 'cups,' notwithstanding I
had heaoaches every day,. and frequently
severe attacks of sick headaches, then I
used more coffee to relieve the head-
aches,' and this was well enough until tha
coffee stix»ulant wore off, then I would
have sick spells. Finally my dig-eetion .
was ruined, severe attacks of rheumatism
began to appear, and ultimately the
whole nervous system began to break
down and 1 was fast becoming a wreck.
:'At this time I was induced to quit
coflfce and take tip Postum Food Coffee.
This was half a year ago.; The . result
hus been most satisfactory. The rheu-
matism is gone entirely, blood is pure,
nerves practically well and steady, di-
gestion almost perfect, never ¦ have any-
more sick headaches and , am gaining
steadily in weight and strength." Name
Kiven by Postum Co.. Battle' Creek, Mich.
AHAPPY DELIVERANCE ™j the
AGONIES OF RHEPATlsa.
Paine's
Achieves a Wonderful Victory
Qver the Terrible Disease.
A rarHECBT LETTER FR031
rnjElERAN OF TtfE CIVIL WAR.
r ¦ If you are a sufferer from ' rheumatism
.ln^any of It3 terrible forma — muscular, in-
flammatory, or sciatic— be assured of the
glorious : truth that Paine's Celery Com-^
pound will work for you a permanent and '
rhappy/cure. The thousands of letters re-
ceived from peonle who have thrown off
their burdens and agonies prove conclu-
sively.. that Paine's Celery Compound 13
the one great specific for this awful ,dls-
eaae. - .... • . '••
¦ Medical evidence freely given by honest
and unbiased- physicians places Paine'a
Celery Compound ahead of all other pre-
scriptions and medicines as an infallible
cure for rheumatism, neuralgia, nervous
diseases, kidney trouble, liver complaint,
"derangements of the stomach and troubles
arising from an Impure condition of the
' blood".
.The following letter, dated 154 East 43th
Street, New York, February 18, 1002.
should inspire all rheumatic sufferers with
new" hope of a better and happier life. Mr.
Edwin Balllss says:
"I have suffered with rheumatism for
ilve years and. have been treated by sev-
eral physicians, among them one special-
ist. I found no relief until I began using
Paine's Celery Compound. After using
three bottles of the marvelous medicine, t
'am entirely cured. ! I take great pleasure
in recommending Paine'd Celery Com-
pound as a medicine which will cure all
kinds of rheumatism and kidney diseases.
I really find Paine's Celery Compound
worth its weight in gold, and most cheer-
fully recommend It to my friends and the
public. I am a veteran of the Civil War'W
and sixty years of age. Again I say I am T
fully restored to health by Paine's Celery
Compound."
riarmiH rivae nrljcinal and only reliable.
LlfllHJUJ U)Ca Beware of poor Imitations.
Skscna Painless Slrlstura Ca;-J eradicates every
trace of Stricture, clearstory and bealing f rcn tia
start, «!!37iEg ( »fcifiam:nstioa and eriarffeaseat
of the Proves Gtsnd and restoring Lost Vitality.
No cuttlrg, dilating, dnic^ingf or bon^lea. ! TTa
positively gQarantea a thorough, painless sad
penaasest cure ia every case, and you caa
Pay When Cured.
Ws nema jnst what -we say, and It costs nothing
to investigate. Our remedy is a tf Ircct local ap-
plication to the afleeted parts, and is absolutely
harmless. Will mail in plain sea'ed envelop:, to
any rddrcas, our interesting booJc. " Aa Honest
Talk," containing many testimonials, also, •
E? |S E? P 15 DAYS'
B" rC S. Ci TRIAL TREATMENT.
! B.A.SXEE»SO.f22A!lai Bank Bid*, CJnolmwJija t|
GOSCBaBCEA AKD TJ2INABT ' DI3C3AS3S3
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 3
$HUSEUGS OF t&mwt\
\ C"jT The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
•0 m^SFSfm. World - W«*kne*ses or any contracted A
£ RSSm «»«is<r f~lll».l7c.f.J(, the oldcit rl-
0 #£¦; M I Specialiit on the Coast. E»t 36 years. t£r
1 flJ3p A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN $
\ BQ/f^5u Comulution free and sttictly priyits. \
O A i5vi» *\ Treatment personally or by litter. A A •
\ S W n B "•**•"• **"-•'«» every casa undertaken. Y
A H i| 'fi Write (Wr R«n.<. PHILOSOPHY nt A
A iJ ii valuable book for mm) \
" »». J«»BI»A>- dfcCO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOS MDi.
established USL Cos-
• ultation and privata bod«
tree at office or by n*w»
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET SI.
SAN FUAN'CISCO. f Air.
, BfESHlKSJfl * nH (m Trff CvyRwBKa
fLJ ii-%%£4 n MLT^h^a^ Krl l *• tt^ «Bv
tvrn WrS* **& »L^^Tm Km Br^S&nR
Ct» CNiCHESTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal ulls
. *•& 5^L •» CIIICHESTEK'S KNGUSIi
•» Kf"I> nl »oU m«t*a!o boxa
*W — . !>K*3 with siuerDooif. Take toother. Bcf«a«
"Rn JJS» \rVII Itangvroum «ub«tn« tlons and Itnlto-
\'l " (n tlww. ' B«y «f J»«r Snijgijt. or tni 4o. ia
W' Jf ttampi tot Partlenlura, Tr«ttmonl»!a
V <B» E5 »ai "RelUf for Ladle*," <]»*«««»¦, Sy r*
\ ' A? tun Mill 10,000 1> »t!moni»K Soidbl
"^^— -r inDniilM ¦ CBto*a.tei>Cae* leal Co, .
: M«ntl»a aUw*. U»Ma»» »<\**r+ Pill. Jt^ FJu
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. mVIGOKA-
tor and Nervine. . .
The ir:ost wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
¦ Tonic fur the. Sexual Orsans. for both st»xes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tne Kid-
neya and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRDNE. Agents.
S2.1 Market »t.. S. F.— (Send tor Clrculara.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND •WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled- and renovated. KING. WARD <&
CO. . Eurocean plan. Rooms, 5Uc to- $1 M day.
|3 to V> week; » to ?>20 month. Free batbs;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates l?»
evgry room; elevator runs all night
WiiBalr Can $100 U8T YearPORTLAND BELLE AND
FORMER SAN FRANCISCAN
WHOM SHE MARRIED.
Promptly at £ o'clock. the bridal party
took their places in the floral bower un
der a large lover's knot of tulle and cut
flowers. Dr. Edgar A. Hill of the First
Presbyterian Church read the ceremony,
which was most ' impressive. The bride
•was handsomely gowned in crepe de chine
over white silk, with garniture of real
lace. The only jewels worn were In a
magnificent pearl brooch, the gift of the
groom's father. The bride carried a
phower bouquet of white carnations.
'a sister of the
bride, was maid of honor. She was be
comingrly attired in pink silk organdy over
pink silk and carried pink carnations. Wil
fred A. Jones acted as best man-
After the ceremony a wedding supper
was served . The dining-room was elab
orately decorated in callas and smilax.
The table was lighted by candelebra. with
pink shades. , .
Mr. and Mrs. Mortimer will spend their
honeymoon touring the Sound cities and
Victoria. They will be "at home" on
THE principals at a very pretty
wedding in Portland last Tuesday
evening were Miss Helen Jones
Hopkins, daughter of Mrs. Elean
or Hopkins, and Charles S. Mor
timer, son of Colonel C. H. Mortimer of
San Francisco. The wedding took place
at the home of the bride, 188 West Park
street, but. owing to the . illness of Mrs.
Hopkins, the affair was a very quiet one.
only relatives and a. few intimate friends
being present. The parlors were decorated
in Oregon grape, cut flowers and smilax.
FRESNO, March' 7.— There is a case of
smallpox In this city, but no fear of a
spread of the disease is entertained. The
case is in a Mexican family named Porea,
living at 1C03 G street, the patient being
a 10-year-old girl. Dr. Russell has estab
lished a quarantine.
Smallpox Case in Fresno.
"If the King, who . is the head of the
church and defender of the faith, can vio
late the English Sunday, what can the
people do but follow in his steps? I
would rather give a great sum in gold
than appear to be disloyal; but I cannot
be disloyal to Christ, and it is better that
these things should be said."
LONDON, March 7. — There was an In
teresting scene in the City Temple yes
terday when, during the course of his ser
mon, Rev. Joseph Parker, D. £)., the min
ister, administered a rebuke to King Ed
ward, which was loudly applaued by the
congregation.
Having alluded to public houses as "trap
doors of hell," Dr. Parker referred to the
King's recent brewing of beer while vis
iting Lord Burton.
"Pray for me," said the divine,, "that
I may speak delicately, loyally. If the
King brews beer, what can be wrong in
the subject drinking it? What the Kins
does is likely to bevtmitated by others.
His Majesty is more than a man, and
must regard all questions from a kingly
point of view. If the King goes to a Sun
day concert, as he did recently, he deals
a deadly blow to the Englishman's Sun
day. The King cannot attend a non
conformist place of worship, but he can
go to a Sunday concert."
This remark called forth cries of
"Shame," and Dr. Parker continued:
Rebuke Administered to
King Edward by
Clergyman.
PASTOR SCORES
THE SOVEREIGN
Navy orders announce that Ensign S.
B. Thomas is detached from Mare Island
Hospital to his home and to -wait orders;
Naval Constructor T. F. Ruhna, detached.
Mare Island Hospital, to Seattle. Wash.,
for duty as superintending constructor at
the works of Moran Brothers Company,
as relief naval constructor; Naval Con
structor J. G. Tawresey, detached, navy
yard; Portsmouth, N. H., April 7, to San
Francisco, for duty as superintending 1
constructor at the Union Iron Works;
Naval Constructor W. R. ' Robert, de
tached, navy-yard, Boston, March 22, to
proceed to San Francisco, thence to Ca
vite, P. I., via steamer- City of Peking,
sailing March 29, for duty in the depart
ment of construction and repair.
The following assistant surgeons now
In this city will report at San Francisco
April 15. for transportation to the Philip
pines: First Lieutenants Conrad E. Koer
per, Robert H. Patterson, Roderic P.
O'Connor, Roger Brooke Jr., Vergee
Sweazy, Matthew A. Delaney, Paul S.
Halloran, Robert Smart, William R. East
man. Perry L. Boyer; and the following
April 28: First Lieutenants • Charles C.
Geer, Ernest Ruffner, George P. Heard,
Arthur M. Line, Kent Nelson, Lloyd Le
roy Krebs, William P. Woodall, Charles
A. Ragan, George A. Jean, James F. Hall,
Raymond F. Metcalfe. James M. Phalen.
Surgeon Walter K. Beatty is relieved
from duty at Fort Grant, Arizona Terri
tory, and ordered to the General Hospital,
Presidio of San Francisco; Contract Sur
geon James K. Ashburn. relieved from
duty. General Hospital, Presidio of San
Francisco, to take effect upon the arrival
of Contract Surgeon Beatty, and will pro
ceed to Tort Grant, Arizona Territory;
Captain Mathew A. Batson, detailed as
professor of military science and tactics
at Mount Tamalpais Military Academy,
San Rafael, Cal.
NEW YORK, March 7. — Heidelbach, Ickle
h«lmer & Co. have canceled their entire en
gagement of 11,000,000 gold for export to-mor
row. This will reduce the total shipment to
morrow to $2,300,000. .
SALT LAKE. March 7.— The Deseret
News to-day says that Traffic Director
Stubbs. of the -Harriman lines will in a
few weeks remove his headquarters from
Chicago to New York. The office of as
sistant general traffic director, formerly
filled by Edwin Hawley, whose resigna
tion was announced a few days ago, will
rot be filled, Stubbs taking up that end
of the management at New York. Stubbs,
It 1* stated. Is now with President E. H.
Harriman on the letter's trip over the
Southern Pacific lines and the Mexican
roads.
Stubbs Will Go to New York.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
and More New Pensions
Granted.*
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.— The
Postoffice Department to-day issued the
following:
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Christian L. Ecklon, Folsom City; Wil
liam A. Bennetts, lone. Oregon— Michael
O'Hara, Weatherby. _
Postoffices discontinued March 31: Cali
fornia— Navarro.-Mendocino County; mail
to Albion.' Oregon— Rldgeway, Wasco
County; mail to Shaniko. J
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon —
Charles Getty s, Bohemia. Appointed: Cal
ifornia — L. M. Douglas, Elmodena, Orange
County, vice Ella Burrows, resigned. ! Ore
gon—J. L. Lindsay, Alamo, Grant County,
vice J. W. Daly, resigned; J. E. Sewell,
Arko, Wallowa County, vice C. L. Weav
er, resigned. Washington— Joel Huff
man, Clayton, Stevens County, vice L. L.
Wheeler, resigned; C. R. Littell, Claquato,
Lewis County, vice James Lockerbie, re
signed; F. W. Harper, Harper," Kitsap
County, vice W. J. Harrington, resigned;
S. E. Dood, Saint Andreas, Douglas Coun
ty, vice J. A. Sinclear, resigned. ;¦;.;
These pensions were issued:. ;*..
California -r- Original — T.wenty . years'
service, John O'Shea, San Francisco, $22;
Burrel Taylor, Lincoln; $6; Lewis King,
King City, $8. War "with Spain—Fred
erick Miller. Ukiah, $8; William Bishop.
Selma, $8; Thomas McDonnell. Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12; William E. Rawles,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; $12; Martin
L. M. Muller, Los Angeles, $10. Mexican
War— Frederick , Rice, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12; John Reagan, Alameda,
$12; Isaac Bryant, Veterans' Home, Napa,
$12; Abram C. Rainey, Santa Rosa, $12;,
Solomon D. Varnuni, for Jones, $12; Fred
erick W. Muhlig, Veterans' 'Home, Napa,
$12. Widows— Rowena Hollister, Fresno,
$8; minor of William W. Cook, Los An
geles. $10; Ida B. Hale. Hynes, $S; Lizzie
R. Hilton, Los Angeles, $8. Increase —
Benjamin H. Denice, Ventura, $50; Al
bert Worsley, Selma, $8; Edward L. Leon
ard. San Francisco, $10; Gershom G. Vliet,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; Andrew
C. Shears, Santa Ana, $8; David D.-Wil
liams, Veterans' Home, Napa, $10; Lucian
Bruce, Occidental, $17.
Oregon — Increase — Richard T. Mills,
Hood River, $8; Henry Chambers, Cove,
$8. Mexican War veterans— Oliver Ranee,
Roseburg, $12. ' ; ¦
. Washington— Original— George E. Day
ton.i Tacoma. $12. . Widows— Maggie Nix
son, Farmington, $8; minors of i Edward
McGannon. Walla Walla, $20. Oregon-
Increase— Peter Fallows, McMInnville, $8;
William M. Sherman. Eugene, $10; John
E. Smith, Portland, $10. Washington—In
creases-Victor Buchanan, Sprague, $17;
Louisa J. Wagley, Chehalls, $8; Maria L.
Sands, Seattle, $12
. Army, orders- announce that Contract
Surely neglected, probably forgotten
all that is left of the once great enter
tainer Is In the way in a little shop in a
back street. Unless the offer of Primrose
and Dockstader is -renewed, or some
philanthropic friend who remembers is
grateful and opens hi s purse, "Billy"'
Rice may find a grave in the potters' field
here to-morrow. Mrs. Rice was wired to
this effect at noon to-day, but she had not
replied. at 9, o'clock to-night.
One other came from -• her. It was,
"Send me husband's effects." That was
done by the hotel people' and, Mrs. Rice
has not been heard from since. Three
times a~ day she has been appealed to to
send instructions regarding the disposi
tion of Rice's body, but she has taken no
notice. The undertakers are growing im
patient, the body of the man has been
lying there a week.
The \ Elks withdrew, Primrose and
Dockstader stepped aside in favor of the
widow, and the undertakers awaited or
ders. Six days haye passed since Mrs.
Rice sent her first message.
Seven days ago "Billy" Rice sobbed his
life away in a locked room in the Great
Northern Hotel. Word of his death was
telegraphed, to his old-time friends, and
to his wife, •who ie in New York playing
a long engagement. Primrose and Dock
stader heard of the end of their -old
companion, and wired that they would
stand the expenses of a good funeral if
the local lodge of Elks would take charge
of the services. Preparations were made
for burial, when a frantically worded
telegram was received from Mrs. Rice.
She commanded that the body be held
out of the ground for further orders from
her.
"Billy will sleep nowhere but In old New
York," she wired. . .
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., March 7.—Un
claimed and apparently f drgotten the
body of "Billy" Rice, once a "King of the
Minstrels," is lying in a cheap pine coffin
in an undertaking establishment here.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Several plans of compromise were put
forward in a tentative way during the
day. but they lacked definlteness and
neither side felt disposed to admit that
the stage of compromise had been
reached.
The standing of members from the sev
eral States was fully canyassed and later
it was asserted that this canvass showed
that a majority could be mustered against
the Ways and Means Committee propo
sition. The meeting did not, however, go
Into the various opposition plans. It was
stated that as between the Tawney rebate
plan and the postponement plan the lat«
ter ftas gaining strength. The matter
led to an understanding that there would
be no effort to force a vote next Tuesday
night.
A large number of the Republican Rep
resentatives opposed to the Ways and
Means Committee plan of Cuban recip
rocity held a private meeting at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the committee-room of
William Alden Smith. It was not intend
ed to assemble the full strength of the
opposition, but rather to have Represen
tatives from each State delegation. Those
present numbered about thirty-five.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— Secretary
Root to-day ordered Governor Wood at
Havana to come to this city at his earliest
convenience for the purpose of conferring
with the President and the Secretary of
War in regard to the necessary steps to
be taken for winding -up the affairs of
the military government In Cuba and the
establishment of the Cuban republic. It
is believed here that the transfer of gov
ernment can be effected by May L -
Famous Billy Rice's Body
May Go to Potter's
Field.
Military Government in
Cuba May Cease
in May.
FRIENDS FORGET
HIM IN DEATH
MARTIAL RULE
NEARS ITS END
* • •
The engagement is just announced, of
Miss Rowena Burns and Charles Dunphy.
Miss Burns, who has been one of the
most popular girls of the season, is the
daughter of D. M. Burns and resides at
2413 Octavia street. Mr. Dunphy is the son
of W. H. Dunphy of the Home Life In
surance Company. The bride-elect only
returned to the city a few days ago from
Mexico, whither she went a month ago
with Mrs. L. H. Bryan and Miss Mabel
Toy. who are still away. Together with
news of the engagement is the announce-
Mondays after April 15 at their residence
In Irvington, Portland. The bride is very
popular in Portland. The groom is also
well known in this city, where he has
spent considerable time. His father, Colo
nel Mortimer. Is connected with the Liv
erpool and London and Globe Insurance
Company in San Francisco.
WASHINGTON', March 7.— The Hou3«.
Committee on Territories to-day decided
to report the biii giving 'the Indian Terri
tory a territorial form of government, to
be known as the Territory of Jefferson,
with a Legislature similar to the other
territories, a Governor and a delegate >n
Congress.
Plan for Indian Territory.
William T. and Edward H. Gaynor
were arraigned on the new indictment
lecently found against them and others;
A plea in abatement was presented by
their attorneys. The bonds of B. D.
Green and John F. Gaynor are for $40,000
each. Judge Speer took occasion to an
nounce from his bench his disapproval of
the manner in which the missing defend
ants have treated the case against them.
He said they have been trifling with Jus
tice. • . ¦
SAVANNAH, Ga M March 7.— In the
United States District Court to-day Judge
Emory Speer* escheated the bonds of Ben
jamin D. Green' and John F. Gaynor,
charged with, conspiracy against the
United States, and bench warrants were
issued for their arrest.
in Federal Case in
Georgia. .
Sharp Words Come From the Court
JUDGE SAYS THE MEN
TRIFLE WITH JTJSTICE
NEW YORK, March 7.— The New York
agents of the Cunard line said to-day
they had received no further information
of the Etruria, but the steamer Elbe will
take off the Etruria's passengers and
transfer them to Liverpool.
LONDON, March 7.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Horta, Azores, Islands,^
says the Cunard steamer Etruria Is hour
ly expected at that port. About 7 o'clock
on the evening of February 27, continues
the correspondent of the Daily Mail, a
rumbling sound in the engine rooms of
the Etruria, followed by. a crash, an
nounced that the propeller had gone, and
it 'was soon discovered it had carried
away the rudder with it.
The Etruria. was then in latitude 40.03
north, longitude 40.36 west. She was ex
periencing tine weather, although not long
before the weather had been blustering.
There was no* excitement among the pas
sengers when, they heard of the accident.
An hour previous to losing her propel
ler the Etruria. had exchanged good-night
signals with the Cunard steamer Umbria
at a distance of about forty miles, and
had dispatched various wireless tele
graphic messages from her passengers
lor delivery in Nmv York.
Shortly after the accident the Etruria
tried again, but unsuccessfully, to call
up the Umbria. The same night the Brit
ish steamer Cliff was signaled. The Clifj
flood by the Etruria until daylight, when
an arrangement was made to tow the
Cunarder. On the morning of February
L7 the British steamer Ottawa was sight
ed. The Otta>wa stood by the Etruna
until March 3. Nearly two days were
spent in rigging a jury rudder, during
which time the Etruria was towed less
than fifty miles.
Passengers, on Disabled
Etruria Maintain
Composure.
MISHAP STIRS
NO EXCITEMEHT
NEW YORK, March 7.— Leading inter
ests in the United States Steel Corpora
tion say that reports of a proposed con
version of the preferred stock into bonds
are premature. It is said that the propo
sition had been discussed by the financial
committee and has been taken up in a
casual way by the directors, but beyond
this nothing has-been determined.
According to report,' it is< not unlikely
that it may be deemed advisable to issue
bonds to the extent of $250,000,000 without
any disturbance of the present preferred
stock issue. This can be done, it "is
pointed out, by charging the bonds to ac
count of one of the subsidiary companies
of the steel corporation. Reports from
the West telling of the probable resigna
tion of Elbert H. Gary from the chair
manship of the steel corporation's execu
tive committee are discredited.
Reports of Conversion of Preferred
t Stock Into Bonds Said to Be
Premature.
STEEL CORFOBATION MEN
DENY FINANCIAL : STORY
Miss Jennie Blair jarives a luncheon to
day at the Richeliue to, Mrs. Herman.
Oelrichs. ; . * .
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur W. Spear have re
turned from their wedding trip to Hono
lulu.
Mr. and Mrs. W. V. . Huntington and
Miss Edith Huntington will leave to-day
for New York. They will also visit other
cities and do not expect to return for
several weeks.
Thomas D. Alken, a young attorney of
this city and graduate of Hastings Law
College, left on the steamer Peru for
Manila, where he will open law offices.
He leaves many friends in this city.
Mrs. Horace D. Pillsbury gave a pretty
luncheon at her residence, 2000 Broadway,
on Thursday. Covers were lead for twelve
and everything was perfectly arranged.
The guests were: Mrs. J. Downey Har
vey, Mrs. Hyde-Smith, Mrs. Joseph B.
Crockett, Mrs. Harry Goodwin, Mrs.
George McNear, Mrs. Samuel Knight,
Mrs. S. W. Rosenstock, Miss Ethel Lin
coln, Miss Taylor and Mrs. Charles Tay
lor of Boston.
A very pleasant tea was given by Mrs.
S. P^. Blumenberg at her residence, 1426
Jones street, Thursday afternoon, in
honor of the return off Mrs. Hugo Mans
feldt from Europe after a long absence.
During the afternooo Mrs. Mansfeldt and
Mrs. Blumenberg rendered a number of
selections on the p'.ano, which were en
thusiastically appreciated.
Those present were: Mrs. Henry* Tri
cou, Mrs. Horace Perrazi, Mrs. Val J.
Kehrlein, Mrs. Hugo Mansfeldt, Mrs. S.
Goldstein, Mrs. H. McLood, Mrs. Hans
Gullixson, Mrs. F. H. Moulton, Mrs. A.
Knopfmacher, Mrs. John K. "Bulger, Mrs.
Ernest A. Leigh, Mrs. Lizzie G. Mativia,
Mrs. M. Fredericks, Miss Nellie White,
Miss Elenor McEwen, Miss Jean Mc-
Ewen. Miss Lulu McLeod and Miss Jean
ette Malcolm.
Mrs. W. G. Irwln was hostess at a small
informal tea yesterday afternoon at her
home, 21S0 Washington street. Fifty
friends were invited to meet Mrs. Irwin's
sister, Mrs. M. E. Robinson of Philadel
phia. The drawing-rooms were prettily
decorated with spring blossoms and foli
age. Dainty refreshments were served
and the afternoon was delightfully spent.
Mrs. Ivers, Mrs. Irwin's- mother, and Mrs.
Robinson assisted in receiving the guests.
ment that the wedding will take plae
March 22, two wesks hence.
The one- diplomatic move attributed to
him about which there has been any
question was regarding the second note
from the European powers which it is
said he proposed but which was repudi
ated by all Governments. While/the rev
elations from Berlin place the'responsi
bility for this movement upon Pauncefote
and the -London Foreign Onice deniesthat
it gave such instructions, few public", men
in Washington believe .Pauncefote acted
on his own motion. It is regarded as pos
sible that that proposition came from the"
English Queen, at that time in the South
of France, but no one attributes' it to
Pauncefote as a movement hostile to this
Government. If he retires from- his post
as Embassador at Washington -it- will -be
with the good will and regret of the ad
ministration. . ': /•'¦ , •
It would not surprise • the diplomatic
corps to have the report confirmed.
Pauncefote has had his time as Embas
sador twice extended because of the canal
treaty. It has beeu long understood 'that
he- would retire when inat treaty ! was
linally agreed^upon and ratified- by both
Governments. Me has been' one of the
most successful diplomats j England i has
ever had at the capital and his, aims from
the beginning have been to clear away
misunderstandings and draw "closer the
bonds of friendsnip between the two na
tions: . ¦'• ' ¦
WASHINGTON. Mar,ch ' 7.— The State
department has received no' intimation
that Lord Pauncefote is to' be succeeded
as Embassador of Great Britain by Alfred
Lyttleton.' The secretary of . the British
Embassy said to-day that j nothing is
there known regarding the report from
London. ' ¦' . ¦ . .
LOi/dON, March 7.— The Yorkshire
Post to.-day says it learrps that the Hon.
Alfred Lyttleton is likely to succeed ; Lord
Paunpefote -as British Embassador : at
Washing-ton. . ' . ., ' • - , .;•.'-
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,
Members of the Embassy at the Na
tional Capital Say They Know
Nothing of the Change
in Prospect.
British Newspaper States
Alfred Lyttleton Is
the Man.
New British Embassador
tor Post at Wash
ington.
PAUNCEFOTE'S
SUCCESSOR
IS NAMED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH S, 190'2.
Son of Prominent San Francisco .Banker Takes Portland Girl for
His Bride — Miss Rowena Burns Will Marry Mr. Charles
Dunphy in a Fortnight-— Other Events in' the Social World
CUPID SCORES ANOTHER TRIUMPH
AT MORTIMER-HOPKINS WEDDING
3
DE. -PIEKCE'S REMEDIES.
Goes the crockery and the waitress will
probably be called clumsy and careless..
Her plea of sudden dizziness is not
allowed. "What
right has she to be /^ttL
dizzy?" they ask. jR'ato
Women who are «j^£fU_Jfeja
suffering from dis-
eases peculiarly /&£*€&$:
feminine are liable Mffjk!!£^\\
to sudden dizziness JP«liX \
and faintness, and MF'^q/M 1/
it is only by curing B
the womanly i dis- fj g&f{l\
eases to which they jfrf 'ma J \ '
are subject that '*" Ksjm // /\
dizziness and other ra atffl I /\
ills can be entirely H MUHr l\
Dr. Pierce's Fa- H Jl
Torite Prescription .tfwP&gmff' I wBBlV *
makes weak t^^^^^^'^OTL.
women strong and
sick women well. , -^ff^a^^^^^S
It cures irregular- ,///^wS|lP
ity, dries disagree- f^. * H^>*s^
able, weakening*? 1 1 *-*^ ;
drains, heals inflam- ' •..
mation and ulceration, and cures female
weakness. ' When these conditions are
cured, backache, headache, dizziness,
etc., are also cured.
'¦'• "I suffered for twelve years with female
trouble." writes Mrs.- Milton Grimes, of Adair,
AdairCo.. Iowa, "which brought on other dis-
eases — heart trouble. Bright' s disease, and at
times would be nearly paralyzed. Had neu-
ralgia of stomach. I can freely say your medi-
cines (nine, bottles in all, five of 'Favorite Pre-
scription, ''four of 'Golden Medical Discovery,'
and two vials of Dr. Pierce's Pellets), have cured
me, I can work with comfort now, but before
I would be tired all the time and have a dizzy
i headache, and my nerves would be all unstrung
so I could not sleep. Now I can sleep and do a
big dav's work, something I had not done for
over eleven years before." . .
. "Favorite- Prescription" makes weak
women strong, sick women well.; Accept
no substitute for the medicine which
works wonders for weak women. '
Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are
the most desirable laxative for delicate
TO9M2k - — •
AJVEBTISEME1TTS.
7QliE¥lEADACHE~
One Very Common Canse, Generally
Overlooked.
Headache is a sjTuptom, an indication of de-
rcrretnent or disease in some organ, and the
cause of tbe headache is difficult to locate be-
cause so many diseases have headache as a
Iirominent symptom; derangement of the
5tomach anfl liver, heart trouble, kidney dis-
ease, lung trouble, eye strain or ill-fitting
glasses all produce headaches, and if ws could
Elways locate the orga-a which Is at' fault the
cure of obstinate headaches would be a' much
matter.
*Howwer, for that form of headache called
frontaJ headache, pain back of the eyes and in
forehead, the cause is now known to be catarrh
f.f the head and throat; when the headache is
located in back of head and neck It is -often
caused from cstarrh of the stomach or liver.
At any rate catarrh is the most . common
cause of such* headaches and the cure of the
catarrh causes a prompt disappearance of the
headaches.
There Is at present no treatment for catarrh
si convenient and effective as Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets, a new internal remedy in tablet form,
composed of antiseptics like eucalyptol, guai-
8 col and blood root, which act upon the blood
end cause the elimination of the catarrhal pol-
fon frcm the system through the natural chan-
nels.
Miss Cora Alnsley, a prominent school
teacher in one of our normal schools, speaks of
her experience with catarrhal headaches and
eulogiwe Stuart's Catarrh Tablets as a cur*
lor them. She saye: "I suffered dally from
severe frontal headache and pain tn and * back
<-»f the eyes, at timer so intensely as to Inca-
pacitate me in my daily duties. I bad suffered
from catarrh, more or lesg, for years, but never
thought it was the caus» of my headaches, but
lir.ally became convinced that such was th»
cat.e, because the headaches were always worse
whenever I had a cold or fresh attack of ca-
tarrh.
"Stuart's Catarrh Tablets were highly rec-
ommended to me as a safe and pleasant catarrh
cure, and after using a few flfty-cent boxes
which I rroeured from my druggist, I was sur-
prised and delighted to find that both the ca-
tarrh and headaches had gone for good."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold by drug-
gists at fifty cents per package, under the
guarantee of the proprietors that they contain
absolutely no cocaine (found in so many catarrh
*'li" L '->, no opium (so common in cheap cough
"•fx!- r t), nor any harmful drug. They contain
simply the wholesome antiseptics necessary t<>
destroy and drive from the system the germi
*l catarrhal disease.
: _ ¦_ .. . i
Should Society Women Give
Afternoon Teas on Sunday?
Can You Dcscribs Your Best Friend So
That the Police Would Recognize Hhn? |
ANOTHER TEST NEXT SUNDAY.
Character Study ol ths Man Who Dis-
=^= v covered Tonapah.
BY ALFRED DEZENDORF.
The Women of Washington Who Re-
ceived Prince Henry.
Don't Overlook the Wolfville Stories. I
Read "BrccKman's Maverick" }
Club Women Suggest a New Cure for f
Insanity.
The Operatic Sensation ol ths East . I
The Svnday Call Magazine Section Contains More
Western Stories Than All O:hcr San Francisco
Svnday Papers CombiacdL «• «• •• «• «• •»
, . ..-, . ' . ,. ; ¦ -,. ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. ! r:^- :^
."'¦•/ One may sail the seas and visit every land and everywhere will find, IV| |^\ \ \ \ ;\
: '¦• : -iv:."''- i >;y that men of affairs, who are well informed, have neither tho time H &A \\ \ \ \\
V'/ nor tbe inclination, whether on pleasure bent or business, to use those 1/ ;&«* . \ \ • \ \: V
/ medicines which cause excessivo purgation and then leave the" internal jj i'WtS. \ \ • \ \ \
./ ' organs in a constipated, condition. Syrup of Figs Is not built on those ll f Y&\-. \ \ \ \ \
/ lines. It acts naturally, acts effectively, cleanses,' sweetens and strengthens | [ %^v.V '.. \ \ \ \ \
I the internal organs and leaves them in a healthy condition. j v ; j\. "•. \ \ \
/ if in need of a laxative remedy the most excellent ia'Syrnp of Figs, but v f I. C \ \..'.\'\ \ \ \
,/ when anything more than a laxative is required the safe and scientific plan I j * T >-\ \"*-"\ \ \
7 is to consult a* competent physician and not to resort to those jnedicincs I *• :,. \^i— _ '"*¦ '¦
/ which claim to cure all manner of diseases. : ? >'- * ,/^v~£ t T^bcj-*w^ \
X'-'v-./ ' The California Fig Syrup Co. was tho first to manufacture a laxative remedy \ { \\\fiSf £['£*¦', •^¦^^
:'.'^..7 which would give satisfaction to all;; a laxative wMch physicians could I : \ •': .^-w-^-----* ; ' '
sanction and one friend recommend to another ; so that today its sales probably I \ 1 /*'\ \ \ *
] exceed all other laxatives combined. In some places considerate quantities of I '• \ I \ \ \ V
I . old-time cathartics and modern imitations are still sold, but with the general \ \ 'I \ ..\.--.**"V % **f "^
I diffusion of knowledge, as to the best medicinal agents, Syrup of Figs has como |\ \ / ...\--<"* \ ' i V \
I into general use witl^ the well-informed, because It Is a remedy of known value n'. \ />•''')' \ \ \ V
-V.- I and ever beneficial action. l\\ "*•*/* \ \ \ \ ¦ \
••-i££| The quality of Syrup, of Figs is due nob only to the excellent combination of f\ : >V* \A \ \ V \
¦/••;... ' the laxative and carminative principles of plants, known to act most beneficially IV '..>;/* \ \ \ \
: &4 on tho system, with agreeable and refreshing aromatic liquids, but also to tha \\ '/.''¦ **- \ \ \
' '- V H orgiual method, of manufacture. In order to get the genuine and its beneficial I A;/ - \' ¦' .-. A \ \ \
-effects one Blibuld always note the full name, of the Company— California Fig | Xf+:':^'^^\ :^;:\^~^~ ~r
•V Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package. I — Ty£ .^y "-."?.;v. :-'-'':\'^^^'^ALL indications point to the" fact that
the sixth annual dog show of tho
San Francisco Kennel Club will
be the most successful ever held
on this coast. Special prize cups in pro
fusion are being received by the club offi
cers.
Many valuable dogs of various breeds
have been purchased during the past
year by fanciers on this coast. This
means competition will be keen. For the
first time the greyhound section will be
in keeping with the Importance the sport
of coursing has assumed on this coast.
As there are several thousand greyhounds
In the Immediate vicinity of this city it
is thought thero will be no difficulty In
securing an entry of more than 100 dogs.
This would be a greater.number than was
ever previously shown at one time In thla
country or in England, the home of the
6 The°Callrornta coursing committee will
offer $500 in cash prizes for the gre>-
hound section of the show. There are
open classes for both sexes, in which the
prizea will be $40. U'O and $10. In the field
trial classes there will be $#. $lo and $W
prizes for greyhounds that have reached
the semi-final round of champion or open
stakes or the final of reserve stakes.
There will also be prizes for dogs that
have never reached the final or semi
final round of champion or open stakes
or the final of reserve stakes.
There will be Junior classes for grey
hounds of eighteen months and under of
each sex. The novice classes will Include
greyhounds of each sex which havo
never won.. at a bench show, nor rnor<?
than two consecutive courses on the field.
A $40 prize Is offered for the best kennel
of four entries. "" . .
.--A cup valued at $100 will be offered for
the best greyhound In the show. Thero
are in all. some ten classes, so each grey,
hound can compete with those or tnw
same relative ability. The Kennel Club
njedals are offered In addition to these
prizes.
The name of Mra. Samuel Drysdale haae»
been added to the list of patronesses. 1
PRIZES EXCEED IN VALUE
THOSE OF PREVIOUS YEARS
KENNEL CLUB OFFICERS PROMISE A DOG SHOW OF UNUSUAL EXCELLENCE
C%AMPION IVEL RUSTIC. KNOWN
TO. HIS FAMILIARS THROUGHOUT -
ENGLAND AND AMERICA AS
"BILLY,"
»T. PATniCK'B ALLIANCE PICNIC— Th<}
plenle commute* of Harmony AttUnee No. l.\
fit. Patrick 1 * Alllnnee ef Amtrlcit. i,..* m *iU
urr iMKrinnifi. for ttH mtiiii.il plrnle. It will
w h*l,l At H.hu.t^r, Park {,„ Bintlsv Aurll la
Flycastern at Stow Lake.
Tho members of the Ban Frnnelico Fly.
rusting Club will meet at Stow Lake,
Golden Gate I'nrk, thin afternoon. Thd
meeting scheduled for lum Baturduy was
jiuHijidiifii because of rain
Gorman Foresters' Festival.
Court Ilubortus gf the - Foresters of
America -will hold a Oermon festival In
Turn Verein Hall on Turk street this
evening. A feature of th« entertainment
to'be presented will be the rendition of
the duet frohv"Un Hftllo In Mitavhora"
and a solo from "1 Purltanl. 1 '
Serious Charge Against Laborer.
Mrs. Ford of 275 Clara street secured a
warrant from Judge Cabanlss yesterday
for the arrest of Knnls Casey, a laborer,
on ii charge of asaaulUng her daughter
MngRle, aged g yean. Un«ey and hta
brothnr boarded with the family up tu
February 18; when the alleged asuuult
took Hutu, since then both have iii«.u>.
v«urca.
Pool-Players Matched.
BUTTE, Mont., March 7.— W. W. King,
the Chicago pool champion, haa been
matched to play In a pool tournament
with Bol Metsner, the "Omaha Kid."
King Is to play 750 continuous against
Metssner'B 600.
Handball Hatches.
The handball matches in San Francisco
court to-morrow will be between the fol
lowing players:
R. Doyle and J. McBrearty v«. J. KIrby and
E. Barry.
U H. Bernard and J. Dempsey v«. w.
Mitchell and W. D. Brlcxa.
T. J. Mullen and A. Elberg vs. J. Meyer and
H. Lederer.
G Hutehlnson and M. Dillon vs. E Maloney
and' P. Kelly.
J. Glynn and A. Whlteman vi, E. White
and J. Foley.
W, Johnson »nd O. Gr«en v». F, Smith and
J, PalrbankN. \
J, Harlow and H. Murphy vs. J, JUordan
and T, I*aeh.
J V & J S* l °? Bnd J> Whlte Vfl "• Llnehan
tnd W, Marulre, #
Automobile Club Outing.
Notices have been sent out by F. A.
Hyde, president, to the members of the
Automobile Club of. California that
there will be an informal gathering
at the Cliff House to-morrow at 1 p. m.
Luncheon will be provided, and the
members are requested to make It con
venient to attend. The last two monthly
moonlight runs of the club to the ocean
beach have had to be called off on ac
count of rain, so the members have not
held a club meeting during the present
year. •?'¦
OWNEBSHIP OF BACE
HOBSES IN DISPUTE
New Feature in the Suit of Aber-
crombie Against ICeydenfeldt
. ¦. . Is Introduced.
A new feature was introduced into the
suit of 'Abercromble versus Heydenfeldt
In Judge Cook's r court yesterday when
the wife of the defendant sought to es
tablish, a claim to the racing horse Re
volt, one of the five In her husband's rac
ing stable.. The matter will come up for
hearing to-day. . , ,.. ,
• The defendant, Thor O. Heydenfeldt. is
a son of the late Judge Heydenfeldt. and
shortly after receiving his share of h»3
father's estate he decided to become a
race horse owner. He secured the as
sistance of Gus Abercromble, and invest
ed several thousand dollars in buying rac
ing stock. .Abercrombie was placed in
charge of the stable. Heydenfeldt finally
came to the conclusion that Abercromble
was not a success In his new venture and
swooped down on the stable and took
possession of the horses, Abercrombla
set up a claim of copartnership and
brought suit for an accounting.
In about two weeks, when .her rigging
is complete and her canvas has been bent
on, invitations will-be issued to the mem
bers of the club to see her. under sail
for the first time. No ceremony will ac
company to-day's proceedings, which will
be of the simplest character. 1 -.
The craft which has be/Jn built for a
syndicate of members of 'San Francisco
Yacht Club will be conveyed on a truck
from Twiggs* yard, where she was built,
to Folsom street wharf No. 2 this morn
ing. At 1 o'clock she. will sbe lowered into
the water. She will then . be towed over
to Sausalito, where she will 'be rigged by
Lang, the boatkeeper off the gan Fran
cisco Yacht Club.
Will Launch Bacing Craft.
Wheelmen to Have Housewarming
. The clubhouse of the Bay City Wheel
men has been refurnished. •. The enter
tainment committee "has arranged n
ln.iifci .wiirmlnif for to-night. The com
mittee will provide nmui-irmnt and re<
froihments for th« members.
MmiANJW 1NKTITUTI? MKICTINO,—
Th« unntiMl ?n«-rtln« ut lh» Mwlmnlrii 1 institute
¦«in i.t- iwiii ttenlKttt when tin diuniM r«i>oru
»f ii. •¦ .iin.r>B will !¦<¦ irmt anil the iiuctir.
um'Ii-i ium month will be ln»ullc<l.
CLAIM THE SHEEP TAX
LAW IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Test Cases From the Counties of
Plumas and Sierra Are to Be
Appealed.
Two test suits brought by the counties
of Plumas and Sierra against sheep own
ers to collect a tax of 10 cents per head
on all sheep pastured in those counties
were decided yesterday In favor of the
counties by United States Circuit Judge
Morrow. The titles of the cases are Coun
ty of Plumas vs. Wheeler & Ridenour
and the County of Sierra against P. L.
Flanlgan. to recover $2250 and $2550 re
spectively as 10 cent head tax on sheep
belonging to tha defendants and
pastured In those counties. The
defendants defaulted so that they
might appeal the case to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals.
Several months ago they Interposed de
murrers to the suits, contending that the
Bheep tax Is unconstitutional, and void
Judge Morrow overruled the demurrers
and decided that the tax was all wool and
a vard wide, so far as Its legality was
concerned. -•'..•» , ,
The defendants, who ere wealthy sheep
owners, propose to carry the fight into
the United States Supreme Court if the
law will allow them to get there.
Academic League Field Day.
The semi-annual field day of the Acad
emic Athletic League will be held on
Berkeley Oval April 5. The following com
mittees have been appointed by President
Harris:
Finance — Rev. W. A. Brewer (chairman), St.
Mathew's School; C. F. Laumeister, Mission
High School, and T. V. Reeves. Alameda High
School. . ¦ ¦
' Membership— C. D. Snyder (chairman), Santa
Rosa High School: C. F. Laumeister and W.
L. Potts, Palo Alto High School.
Records — H. H. Hauser (chairman), San Jose
High School: E. B. Gould and George Elliott,
Berkeley Hieh School.
Baseball — George Elliott (chairman),' W. L.
Potts and J. Gen.dotti, Hitchcock School.
Swimming — H. H. Hauser (chairman), T.
Vossburgh, Lowell High School, and L>. Dalton,
Polytechnic High School, San Francisco.
Tennis — C. D. Snyder (chairman), L, D.
Inekeep, Polytechnic High School,' Oakland,
and F. M. Cattell, Anderson Academy. ¦
The newly laid out fourth hole on the
Presidio links will be opened for play
to-day, and the present eighth green and
jiinth tee will be abandoned The fifth
/iole will become the sixth, the sixth will
be the seventh, the seventh the eighth
and the player will drive off from the
eighth tee to the home green. The bunk
er protecting- the third hole has been
lengthened so as to penalize the slicing
stroke.
, J he fl f s t eighteen holes of a match over
thirty-six holes will be played this after
noon on Oakland links, between teams
representing class B of the San Francisco
and the Oakland Golf Clubs. The San
Francisco team is In charge of Leonard
Chenery. while J. O. Cadman is captain
of the Oakland representatives. The San
Franclscojeam^ consists of the following :
RumbauRh* H^ C M. O Ho C yt. W^^Lest^r. Yl.
H Gaylord. Dr. J. r. ciark. Leonard
Chenery Dr. C. J. Decker. Worthlngton
Ames and W . H. La Boyteaux. The sub
stitutes ore c. p. Mulllna, Andrew Card
gan and H. A. Dlackman.
The Oakland team Is made up as fol
lows: Arthur Goodall. T. It. Uutchlnson.
J. H. Ames. P. K, Bowles. P. ft Howie*
Jr.. Frank kales. J. O. ('adman. Dr. W.
Jf; v E Pe F? Dakp OfM!IOr C M< Gayloy » thu
Play.Wi begin'ut 1 o'clock.
On Monday morning, beginning at 9:30.
there will be ladles' foursomes over 13
holes, match play, on the Presidio links,
partners being drawn for.
Miss Alice Hager and Mrs. R. G. Brown
played a remarkably close contest in the
final round for the Council's Cup for
women on Wednesday morning on the
Presidio links, being all square at the
close of the second round. At the eight
eenth hole Mlsa Hager was 1 up, but Mrs
Brown took that hole, making the mpjkh
a tie. The nineteenth hole was also t^v\
by Mrs. Brown, who thereby won the
match, and earned one of the three vic
tories necessary to capture the second
Council's Cup.
.the links of the Los Angeles Country
Club. The qualifying round for the Pa
cific Coast championship took place last
Monday, in a somewhat cold high wind,
and on a wet course. Fifteen pairs and
one bye were drawn in the qualifying
round, but only twenty-four men actually
played. Of these H. M. Sears of Los
Angeles made the best score for 3G holes,
169. A. M. Robbins of Santa Barabra was
second with 173, and W. Fairbanks of
Denver third, with 173. Other scores were:
N. F. Wilshire of Los Angeles. 1S2; A. B.
Swift of Santa Barbara and W. K. Jewett
of Colorado Springs, 1S3 each; John Law
son ' of San Francisco, 188, and W. P.
Johnson of Oakland, 191. E. R. Folger of
Oakland, who won the Pacific Coast
championship in 1901. failed to qualify, as
also did F. S. Stratton of the same club,
with J. W. Byrne. L. O. Kellogg and G.
B. Cooksey of the San Francisco Golf
Club. Other names conspicuously absent
from the sixteen who qualified were those
of C. E. Orr. champion of Southern Cali
fornia in 19D0. and C. E. Maud, runner-up
in 1900 and 1901.
In the first match play round on Tues
day morning the winners were N. F.
Wilshire, E. B. Tufts, John Lawson, "W.
P. Johnson. A. B. Swift. Walter Fair
banks, H. M. Sears and W. K. Jewett.
the best known among the losers being
"W. Frederickson and A. M. Robbins.
In the second match play round tvn
Tuesday afternoon Wilshire beat TufV :
5 up, 4 to play. Lawson beat Johnson St
the twenty-second hole, 1 up; Fairbanks
beat Swift, 5 up, 3 to play, and Jewett
beat Sears, 1 up on ID holes.
The contest for the open championship
of Southern California, over 72 holes,
medal play, began on Thursday morning
on the links of the L09 Angeles Country
Club. The professionals entered included
"Willie Smith, Alec Smith. David Bell.
"Willie Anderson. Arthur Kigby. H. M.
Grindlay, Ernest Martin, ¦William "Welch.
Alexander Baxter. John O'Neill, J. M.
Watson. J. Moffitt of Courtland, F. J.
Reilly of Burlingame and Robert John
stone of San Francisco. The second 3i>
holes will be played to-day. Among the
amateur players entered for the open
championship are John Lawson. L. O.
Kellogg and G. B. Cooksey of San Fran
cisco; E. R. Folger. W. P. Johnson and
F. S. Stratton of Oakland; H. M. Sears
and W. Frederickson of Los Angeles: W.
K. Jewett of Colorado Springs; W. Fair
banks of Denver, and C. E. Alaud of Riv
erside. •-.": -¦• -- . .
INTEREST of golfers throughout the
State is centered in the meeting oC
the Pacific Coast Co« Aatmcltitton oi*
In the south ef China mikworms hJtn
been *»»»•«» «nd Hlk manufactured tor
over 3090 years.
Hog Show Trophies. -,
Among the latest donors of cups are:
Walter Magee, E. Courtney Ford, Mrs.
Thomas Magee, Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr.,
George Gooderham of Toronto, John E.
de Ruyter, Claybrough, Golcher & Co.,
John Butler, Palace Hotel, and Victoria,
Kennel Club. v '
The Collie Club of America offers the
Van Schaick Cup, valued at $300, for the
best collie in the show.
Dr. Wesley Mills of McGlll Uni
versity, Montreal, has presented a cup.
L. A. Klein will show his great bulldog;
champion, Ivel Rustic, but he will not
be entered for competition. This dos has
won many prizes in England and Amer
ica, and is a favorite with fanciers In
both countries.
I In addition to the valuable cups and
money prizes the Kennel Club medals, of
new and original design, will be offered
in all the classes. The medal can be worn
as a watch charm, being provided with a
pendant with that object in view*
The premium list will be out next week
and will be mailed broadcast to the fancy
throughout the country. ¦'
MEMBERS of San Mateo Hunt. Club
will meet at 11 o'clock this morn
ing at Moormeads, Fair Oaks, the
residence of J. J. Moore, who was
acting master during the absence in the
East of Francis J. Carolan, master of the
San Mateo Drag Hounds.
On Wednesday, the 12th inst., the pack
will be laid on at Uncle Tom's Cabin at
3:30 in the afternoon. On Saturday, the
15th, the grounds of the Burlingame
Country Club will be the rendezvous, a
start being made at 3 p. m. On Wednes
day, the 19th, the meet will take place at
the railway station. of the Southern Pa
cific at San Mateo at 3:30 p. m. On Satur
day, the 22d, the hounds will throw off at
11 in the morning from Fair Oaks. On
Wednesday, the 26th, the polo field at Bur
lingame Country Club will be the scene of
the meet, and, the run will begin at 3:30
p. m. The last meet. of the month will
tako place on Saturday, March 29, at 3
p. m. at Crossways, the home of the mas
ter of the hunt.
ALTHOUGH a "Davis cups" tennis
tournament is due the games com
mittee of California Club has de-
elded not to hold one to-morrow.
Many of the members do not take
part in tournament play and are
complaining of the difficulty in getting
the use of the courts on Sundays. The
cups will probably be played for one week
from to-morrow.
Fred Brown proved last Sunday he is
one of the best men in the first class.
Although Brown says little and looks fa
tigued throughout all his matches he
showed he is not lacking in staying pow
ers. His match with Collier was one of
the most stubbornly contested of the sea
son. Brown was not fresh when he went
into it, but he managed to win by a
small margin.
Many of the cracks are able to get out
after business hours now and the courts
present a lively appearance in the late
afternoons. ,
The tournament' for juveniles in Golden
Gate Park was a success. It was won
by Saunders, who beat Cassell in the
final. The" former received odds of "fif
teen" and won 6-3. Another tournament
similar to this one has been started. The
following boys have entered: A. McFar
land, B. Saunders, Hallerin, Page, Dodge,
Martin, O'Brien, Boericke, Riordan, Grif
fin, Largarde, B. McFarland, Marr, Cas
sell, Ayers and Ross. Marr and Griffin
are the scratch men, while the others all
receive handicaps ranging from "owe fif
teen" to "fifteen."
The students of Polytechnic High
School were much dissatisfied over the
outcome of their try-out held last week.
William Geary was conceded to. be the
best player in the school, but Horace
Mann caught him out of form and beat
him in the try-out. It was decided to let
Geary, Mann and Lilienthal, the best
three players in the school, play a round
robin tournament to determine which
would represent the school in the aca
demic championship tournament. Geary
beat Lilienthal 7-5, 6-2 and had Mann 7-5.
4-0 when the game was called on account
of rain. Geary will surely win and in all
probability his partner in doubles will
be Mann. These two men will make a
strong team.
With the Intercollegiate tournaments
only a little over a month away the col
lege men are bestirring themselves to get
into as good form as possible. Stanford's
chances are poor, but she will endeavor
to make as good a showing as possible
against the blue and gold. Harry Wiehe
stands a good chance of winning 1 on£ point
for his college, but the other two will
probably go to Berkeley. Wlehe's part
ner in doubles will probably be Duval
Moore. There will be a struggle among
the Berkeley cracks to get a place on
the team. Brown, Hunt and MacGavIn
are evenly matched. The former will
probably play in one of the singles
matches and MacGavin should be given a
place on the doubles team whether he
wins in the try-out or not. He is un
questionably the best man In doubles in
college: Braly and Hendrlck would stand
a good chance of making the team, but
are giving their attention to baseball.
SAN FRANCISCO Yacht Club will
hold its opening day on Saturday,
April 26, and on Sunday, April 27,
will take its first cruise of the season.
On May 3 the fleet will cruise over to
Tiburon for the opening jinks of the Co
rinthian Yacht Club and will join the
opening cruise of that club on Sunday,
May 4. May 17 the fleet will rendezvous
at Mare Island, sailing back to Sausa
lito next day. On Saturday, May 24, the
yachtsmen will gather at Paradise Cove.
A clambake and games will take place
on Sunday, May 25. The Decoration day
holidays will be taken up by a cruise up
the Napa Creek to Napa City.
On June 7 the yachts will drop anchor
off McNears Landing, returning June 8.
On Sunday, June 22, there will be a re
gatta open to all small yachts on the
bay; also rowing races and aquatic sports.
On Saturday, June 28, the yachtsmen will
rendezvous at Vallejo, and on Sunday,
June £9, will sail back to their moorings.
On Saturday, July 19, Paradise Cove -will
be visited and on Sunday, July 20, there
will be a clambake and games ashore.
Saturday, August 2, cruise to McNears
Landing, returning-' Sunday, August 3.
August 16, cruise to Paradise Cove, re
turning Sunday, August 17. August 30
and 31 and /September 1 will be occupied
by a cruise through Montezuma Slough
and return. On September 6, 7 and 8, a
second visit will be paid to Napa City.
September 9, the annual regatta of the
Pacific Interclub Yacht Association will
be held. September 13, the yachts will
cruise to Valiejo and on the following day
will race back to Sausalito, prizes being
offered for the boat making the best cor
rected time in each class. On Saturday
evening, September 27, the members of
the Corinthian and California yacht clubs
will be entertained at the San Francisco
clubhouse with, a reception and low jinks
in the assembly hall, and on the following
day the three clubs will cruise in com
pany. On Saturday, October 11, the
yachtsmen will take the last cruise to
Paradise Cove, returning on Sunday, Oc
tober 12. October 25 will be closing day,
and on October 26 the last club cruise of
1902 will be taken.
In the foregoing programme, which has
been prepared by Commodore R. S.
Bridgman, It will be observed there are
no dances at the clubhouse. For many
years past the San Francisco Yacht Club
has made dances a special feature, but
the directors gradually came to the con
clusion that they are expensive and do
the club little good in the estimation of
yachtsmen. Last year some of the dances
which were on the schedule were aban
doned, and it was decided this year to
substitute clambakes and sports.
The San Francisco Yacht Club is con
fronted with a serious and alarming con
dition at this time. Owing to the care
lessness of the railroad employes in hand
ling the crude oil which is used for fuel
on the locomotives the surface of the wa
ter from the << ferry slip to Hurricane
Gulch is covered with floating oil. This
renders it almost- impossible to keep a
yacht moored near the San Francisco
clubhouse, as, wherever the oil touches
the sides of a vessel, a dirty, greasy mark
is left, which, as the boat bobs up and
down and from side to side in the water,
becomes a broad band. Any halyard,
sheet or other rope that drops overboard
is covered with the same black slime,
dirtying decks, sails and clothing. If the
nuisance Is not abated it will be practi
cally Impossible to use the mooring
ground in front of the clubhouse.
The little Corinthian yacht Spider, the
speediest boat of her size in the bay, was
smashed to pieceB during the recent
storm. In the first blow ehe dragged nor
moorings and was driven against the row
of cottages on the spit near Belvedere.
Her mitHt was cut down and she was car
ried under the piles supporting the cot
tages. The next storm smashed her to
kindling wood against the piles, nothing
being left hut her lead keel, which Is iin
i»< ad. (i in the sand. Several of the Co*
rinthlitn yachts In the , lagoon dragged
their moorings and were carried far up
• •ii ttif mud flats, but can be pulled off
without Hcrtous damage*, though a good
d< al of lubur iimy bo nocemiary.
CONTRARY to expectations trap
shooting has already assumed
large proportions on this coast.
and an unusally interesting season
is expected. There Is a smaller number
of clubs in tne field and they have all
adopted the handicap system. This
equalizes the chances of the men, giving
the poorer shots a chance with the ex
perts. »
The officers of the Empire Gun Club
have announced this programme of
events for the which opens to
day at their Alameda Point grounds and
continues until July 13. The shoots will
be held on the second Sunday of each
month.
There are two special events, open to
all comers, one for a %'aluable repeating
shotgun, the other for the Sweeney rec
ord medal. The conditions In the former
are: Twenty birds, to be shot in ten sin
gles and five doubles, distance handicap.
The gun must be shot for five times and
becomes the property of the shooter hav
ing the highest average in this event dur
ing the season. Twenty per cent of en
trance money will go in side pool.
In addition to the Sweeney medal there
will also be a diamond medal, emblematic
of the club championship. Of the four
events scheduled three are distance hand
icaps. This system proved so satisfactory
last year that it was decided to follow it
again. Practice shooting will begin at
8:30 a. m. .
Out at Ingleside grounds the members
of Golden Gate Club will hold a shoot to
morrow, at bluerocks.
There will be a special handicap shoot
at fifty bluerocks at 1 o'clock, for one of
the Olympic Club trophies. This la open
only to former members of that organiza
tion.
Otto Feudner will leave here • shortly
to take part in the Grand American
Handicap at Kansas City the latter part
of this month. There will be a six days'
shoot at live birds. Clarence Nauman is
also expected to be a competitor.
DURING the coming season there will
be only six Instead of seven clubs
in the California Cricket Assocla-
tion, the California; Club having
gone out of existence. Last year the
California Club paid its dues and was rep
resented by a delegate at the .meetings
of the association, but did not put an
eleven into the field. There will, there
fore, . be only two city clubs this year,
the Alameda and Pacific. The two Lake
County clubs, Burns Vallev and Lake
port, remain in the association, as aL«o
do the Sacramento and Santa Cruz clubs.
As no matches were arranged for the
Californias last year, the schedule of the
ccming season will be made up on the
same plan" as that of last season. There
will probably be sixteen matches for the
Brown pennant, the Alameda and Pacific
teams taking part in ten each, ana the
Sacramento and Santa Cruz elevens in
six: each. The Burns Valley and Lake
port cricket clubs will arrange a schedule
between themselves, and during the year
will play a match apiece against a team
of visiting cricketers from San Fran
cisco.' • The city cricketers have areaay
received an invitation from Charles M.
Hammond, captain of the Lakeport Club,
who attended the annual meeting of the
association on Monday night in San
Francisco. '
Though R. B. Hogue, for several years
captain of the Alameda Cricket Club and
first vice president of the association, has
returned to Australia, he still retains his
position as vice president; but W. S. Mc-
Gavin has retired, as the California Club
is no longer in existence. T. W. Beak
bane of the- Burns Valley Cricket Club,
which has been a consistent supporter of
the association, was chosen a vice presi
dent, as also was L. W. Robitaille of the
Sacramento- -Club. ¦
The Santa Cruz' Country Club expects
its ground to be in better condition than
last year and to be not altogether de
nuded of grass. The club hopes to retain
Its full batting strength. The Santa Cruz
men wish to make only one trip to San
Francisco this year, and would like to
make that during the Independence day
holdings, playing against the Alameda
team one day and against the Pacific
eleven on the next day. They suggest
the return matches be played at Santa
Cruz in August.
The Burns Valley Cricket Club of Lake
County held its annual meeting on Wash
ington's birthday and elected the follow
ing officers: H. P. H. Haggett, president;
W. S. Bayton, captain; T. W. Beakban*.
secretary and treasurer. The members of
the club are the foregoing, with C. L.
Enderby, G. R. Webber. E. E. Gray, T.
W. Beakbane. W. J. Clayton, W. B. Ran
som, R. B. Brown. W. Anderson, George
Wood and M. Levy.
Many Juvenile Experts Are
Taking Part in the Tourna
ment Now in Progress
Sisquoc and Sacramento Boy
Will Settle Question of
Speed at Union Park
Many -Interesting Gallops Are
Hinted At in This Month's
List of Fixed Events
TENNIS PLAY
AT THE PARK
San Francisco Yacht Club
Officers Are Not in Favor
of This Divertisement
COURSING at Union Park to-day and
to-morrow will be in the nature of a
continuous performance. There are
four different events on the card,
calling for 110 courses.
The public always enjoys a match race
of any kir.d where two animals of equal
ability are to meet and struggle for su
premacy. For the first time in many
months the followers of coursing are to
see such a competition. The contending
greyhounds will be Sisquoc, winner of the
California Plate two weeks since, and
Sacramento Boy. The latter was believed
to have the rich stake at his mercy, but
through an oversight his name was
omitted from the list of entries.
These two greyhounds are conceded to
be the best now in training, each having
defeated Beacon under almost identical
conditions. Opinion is almost equally di
vided as to which will lead to the hare.
The same condition obtains as to the
working ability of the dogs. This differ
ence ot opinion is expected to result in
some heavy wagering on the outcome of
tne match.
Sisqucc will be "on the white" in the
first course, which is considered by some a
slight advantage. It is believed tne hares
usually bear to the right slightly, thus fa
voring the dog which starts from the
"slips ' on that side.
Fred Darling has imported two grey
hounds, which are expected to cut quite
a figure here some day. One is a black
dog called Gambit, whelped in April, 1900,
and weighing fifty-eight pounds. He is
by Gallant-Jennie Milburn and is a full
brother to Red Angus, but of a later lit
ter. He arrived in splendid condition and
will be ready to go to the slips in three
weeks.
The other is black and white- and was
whelped in May, 1900. She is by Under the
Globe-Gadder. It will be some time be
fore she can be coursed, as she arrived in
poor condition. Both are well bred. They
will be handled by Joe Trade.
The sale of D. J. Healey's kennel of
greyhounds to Ralph Orthwein of St.
Louis has been completed. Eight young
dogs have been shipped in crates to their
new owner, while those in training will
be forwarded next week. The latter in
clude SisQUOC, Elista. Tiburon, Tapioca,
Fine Form and Lady Clare. In the opin
ion of coursing men the five puppies by
Fortuna Favente-Wave are worth the
price obtained for the entire kennel.
Wave is the dam of some of the greatest
performers in California. She is eight
years old. Among her progeny are Luxor,
Young America, Candelaria, Forest
King, Forest Queen. O'Hara, Sisquoc,
Olita, Ripple, Lady Granard and others.
Mr. Healey bred Sisquoc to For Glory
before parting with him.
Fury was mated with the English dog
Overture some weeks since.
Rocker and Little Wonder have been
mated. Little Wonder produced White
head and Ruby R. by "Waratah; Hickory
Dick and Red Rock, by Rochester; Daisy
D and Pocotala, by Emln Pasha. Rocker
is one of the best representatives of .Sky
Rocket.
A. R. Curtis has two puppies by Vulcan-
Maud S. They were closely inbred, so the
remainder of the litter was destroyed.
T. J. Cronin's Thornhill, once a well
known performer on the local fields,
picked up poison in the country recently
and died.
Handicapping of Shooters
Has Brought Out an
Unexpected . Attendance
Devotees of the English
/Pastime Are Preparing for
an Interesting Season
HUNTING MEN
IN THE SADDLE
OMIT DANCES
FROM SCHEDULE
MANY GUNMEN
AT THE TRAPS
SIX CLUBS ON
CRICKET FIELD
The Chief Interest Centers
About the Championship
Contests in the South
FLEET HOUNDS
IN MATCH RACE
GOLFERS BUSY
ON MANY LINKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 1902.
4iii7» GuJ4« OS 3 ... 2 1 Hi U I A. B. Eprec kels..R!rkrth 10 25
U313 UitU ilarg6fft...lft:: '1 ,.. 7 1 8 1 2 1 ICaeear Young. . .Jarkbon 8-S 0-2
\v\VA |J. II. Bennett 101 ft .... 61 2h 8h |L. A. Blaelngame.. J.Daly 10 23
HSU Utl Reno.. 10» K ... Ii 3 5 2 4 2 Dickey & Lindr.. A. Kelly fl 10-5
, f W7n iCIartneue ,,,..,.. W»| ft ... 0 15 6 1 8 2 II. J. Jones nunti li 10 iJS
'U4J iTmirrai.o 1031 T ... 6 U T 1 fl I Oeo. Van Uorden. ..Il.ar 2 lS-fi
::u Jenmr McOowan. ,10i| 4 ... U 1 4 "i 7 1 II. fiehreiber Tro*ler T 20
aim Venecia ,,,,,,,,,10:i A ,,, I h SI 8 1 Haldwin & ro,,.lt8nBom fl 8
. Tlis phantom,.,, JOT \ ,,, 4 '.i 0 JO 0 10 H, K, llowell. .MaUhewe 10 13
. Alire r«.u»gh»n,,U51u ... 10 iu JO (livens fe Taylor.. Crawly go J00
Tmii -li, :VT; 'i. ;5*>4, Otieii ptart, Won flrst three driving, Winner, A, O. BpreckeU'
I, f. \,y The juiBfc'M&bswnii, Llttls Msrgerct P^uu^t the Lent. Hlow to lewvp Hie Urrier,
ri.t k«i t'tii ott ««rlf i>nd ennipeiied ii> su aruund her n. 1 1 iii-i.i..u. a gou4'lo<4HnK
«.iU, liktly ta Unpruve. l<*n IU110, 6way i»»orly, rwn « nice r«ce. Temprano dirt not run
to form. Jennie MeUewan ft&pi>*il, t»u dirt^Venenft. fcnau tt^i_-'l_hrt j'*crum J\ 'ii^.^^^^,,
V,m\, Tllinu nACO-HK f«rlnnp*i *p|lln»| <hree-year'C|dg and, up; tn flrM, IT.'S.
OAKLAND EACETEACK-Friday, March 7. 1902.— Weather fine. Trac* heavy.
Jlloi. FIBST RACE— Five and a half furlonits; Felling: three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
\ j j lietllnff.
Ir.drx Horse. Age. Weight. ISt. \<,. «i- Str. Fin. 1 Owner and Jockey. j Op- Cl.
33SS iTnfta, 3 104| 6 4 1 3 1 2 2 13 IC. W. Chappell. . -Stuart 4 0-2
:;.;T( iRasp. 4 lOSI S 2h 16 12 2 Ti IHowley & Co. .Blrkenrth 3 16-.J
:;:!47 El Karn. 4 116 2 5 1,41 40 3 10 W. H. Grlssim Prior 8 T
V,'M Little Gun 4 107 1 11 2 1 3 ij i h Lodge & Co Frawley 8 12
;. :v{ Ham Grpen. , r > 112 9 92 8H»1 5 1 Frank Duffy Troxler 10 20
S2M onyx. 0 112 5 3 1 5 1 «1 Cl \V. P. Fine Hoar 10 10
::;<;7 Blllisis. 4 114 4 7 1 7 h 7 4 7 *i J. H. Bradford. . .Conley 10 '13
-853 Roul. Wheel. a..HS 8 « »i « 3 8 :{ 8 5 H. Willis Rans.-h « fl-2
:»rrs .If rry Edwards. 3.. 1O4 7 8 1 10 »l W2 Ted Hayes L. Ualy 10 30
(Helen Smith, 4^.1(W 10 10 0 10 10 10 J. Conway. ...._ 1 Bozetnan|__8_ 10
Time— s ,r.~:2'r~>r~:M«Tr~5Hf. 1:14%. Good start. Won first three drivins:. Winner, C. W.
• happeH'i b. r. by Tacoma-Lady Luca*. Raep couM not have lost had Blrkenrutn pirked
the good going through the stretch. El Karn cut off on backstretch. Bo was- Onyx. Ilou
lctle Whetl a warm tip. Scratched— Spry Lark IIS. Little Minch Jr. 120.
V.4t)-. tiHCOND RAC'2 — Four furlongs; gelling; maiden two-year-olds; to first. >325.
1 j j I Hettlns.
indexjUorse end Weight. Jst. H. %. Etr. nn. Owner and Jockey. Op- '¦'.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
was announced that Tom Sharkey would
meet the winner Derby night in this city.
RESULTS OF FRIDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
LOUISVILLE. March ".-Joe Choyn»nl
cf Chicago rtcf«»tod "WIM Hill" Jlanra
lion In Iho tifth rniiiid of what wan nched
ul'-1 up. a nv. ut > 'live round match brfoi©
iho Bmrlre Atlilftlc Club at Mu»lc Hail
to-nlpht in tlilo city. Thp knockout blow
<;itnr iifur n h».t mlx-tip which ended hy
Choyntlil jmttlns a miff left to "W11<1
JJillV Jiiw inui i -iiiiw inK It up with a
rlRht to th* Jaw which put llnnrahnn out
of the fight. Chnynnkl hud th« belter of
th* bout all thfi w*y thruueh. Hie fclnt
iru and dodging were too much fnr th«<
Nrw Y01K man, whoec vicious i<wlngi«
Ialli % d to land. ,
In thr flrit round thp men kept awny
nw\ uniiii] tn In- iryinu rnch nthor out.
JJnm.-ihnii, nt thr o}>ctiliiK of tho rouii'l.
bowcvir. liinrliil « linnl pwIhk tn Chn> •'*
t.ki> ii.rU, knocking him down. Choyn
fkl wni« tiji In an Inptant uml did not
fceem dlrircffcJ.
The MH-oiid Add third roiimls were
Choytudd'a. In the latter Ch'.vnfkl lnntl
td on the Jaw four timr* without a io
turn. in thr fourth round, however, the
men mixcil it und both lattdad some ntiff
punclice, tlanrthan rcavnlns Chnynskia
Jaw three time* without return. Both
teemed Ured irnea thp gong nounded.
At the licplrinlnp of the fifth round a
pwlft exchange of blown followed a
clinch. ChO>tMld hail the better of the
lipiitinp. landir.p two rights to Hanra
bac'a Jaw. The latter then became wild
end Olioynski whipped in a left to Han
rahan's Jaw, following It with a right lo
the jaw. which put the New Yorker down
end otiu
Before the Choynski-Hanrahan fight it
Tb Too Clever for Wild Bill,
Who Depends on
His Swinga
Joe Choynski Puts Him
Out Handily in
That Time.
HANRAHAN STAYS
BUT FIVE ROUNDS
COLISEUM PLANNED IN WHICH TO HOLD CONVENTIONS AND OTHER AFFAIRS
Captain O. W. Brown of the steamship
San Jose was tried yesterday before
United States Court Comrnlssloncr Hea
cock on a charge of beatlnR and wound-
Ing Antonio Madrll, a sailor, on the high
seas on February 22. Tho evklenco showeil
that Madrll had refused to go to the ship 1 *
doctor to havo a soro hand treated and
that Captain Brown took hold of him by
the collar and shoved him up ti> the- door
of tho doctor's room.- Tho charge was
dismissed. ','«.'
Captain Brown Not Guilty.
A quorum 0' the Uranri Jury eeuM not
be beeurert, yesterday afternoon to bf«in
«n InvestlBAtinn Into the rumof UiAt
Inooo had been raised in ths rolled D^prtft-«
ment tar tho puryoae tifnecurlti* ttrimm*
tlons. 1'hi* Jurors* present wpi-p • hnrlfS
MnuntJie. W/ li. tianbom, F. UnnnkttifiHtn
Ktlwai-rt Culen, t», II. Faktor, Uen Lich
tenstein, K. P. Roche, & t». Wagner and
Thornna 1*. WoodWflfit. Mayor Bchmlta.
Chief of Police Wlttnan, tho members o(
the Civil Service Commission and Kxam-
Iner Mnratt wore thr> wltncffps Biimmnupd
and were within cull. An nttempt will ho
imiili' to tnkp tho matter up again next
Tuesday nfternoon.
Ofniul Jury Lneks Quorum.
It la my «uiinlfln that lh» ftvll Barvlaa Pom«
Htla-il..|| lid* I". we,- Id i,mk.> Ih* 1 Hi* MUVlillltff
.'iH'ii. <ti.i* tn •<« elttatim ••' tha llnllitt hmi^
Warn an. ii a. ml* mil «.t..,,u.i itut ......... 1^.1. .,,
wmhI'I ha r«t)utr*i1 ••¦ linlii •*«niln4ii.itiH !•¦>
Ihuifl wlin w«t« tun »t liu Unit t.f lakltiff »..- u
r».«llllll'|llMll.T HM.I III f-l-.l Illltftlt II ¦¦¦<••" Ml
iniiiiB-slii.Uila utiilrn 1 Mm thfulm 1 l>i hnM n^
lt..n til ll.lf Illlllll. Iflillt lli^M .HI lift Ilil
ni> It ll.llin ft* all 1 Holl.U till |l|||ll|IHW.i nf Hi .-.1
« li.i Mrs 11. .1 i|'ir*l|n...( lit I11I I iirfliia liV MMiUI
uf h.ui ..iii-^miiii" M1..M..11 tj.ii.ii.tii |« 11 i*> m
, IIU, II Ii., *<ta ||lll on. ll ¦>> Mi,. III. in ,,!• Ml.ll.,,
II, hi t.,.n.iliiHll..it khi1 |a IhaCBfi^B tin Ilia r,llpii,u
it-t |ijf fB»if)H •'! lilt t)WH WfHflf Tha tMiiu
i.ii«M.ni Km IhMffefilfe Jll»tlfl8i| III e«»U»lllH
ij.ili.liiii^ .-.-itin. ¦HI..H I i Hi" II.- ilili *!¦-¦•• -I t'l"
>.rti»-v Ingpei'tur.
City Attorney Lane riled an opinion yea,
terday with the Civil Service Commission
to the effect that Jamea Quintan, who
took an examination for dairy Inspector
and wan not a cittieen of tno United
rimifo at tho time, cannot bo permitted 1..
i.eaniit from nla being en ths eligible list,
The ..pint. hi, whleh hear* out a recently
published ui'iti-ln In Tha Cull ihowina th<u
tha i'U it nervit'e ta not intended tar alien;*,
imya in pun;
cant for Examination Who Was
Not a Citizen.
City Atorney Decides Case of Appli-
FAYS CIVU, SERVICE
IS NOT FOB ALIE1T3
P. J. Eastinger Jr. of Wells. Fargo
& Co. Bank is at the head of the commit
tee on names and addresses; C. H. Mc-
Cormlck of the iirst National Bank, that
of meeting place, and G. H. Burdlck of
the London, Paris and American Bank,
that of by-laws. The meeting adjourned
subject to the call of the chair.
Brief addresses were made by J. F.
Moulton of the Bank of California, A. II.
R. Schmidt of the German Savings and
Loan Society, and Francis E. Beck of the
Anglo-Californian Bank, after which a
temporary organization was effected by
the selection of Schmidt as chairman.
Three committee chairmen were appoint
ed, they to select the members of ca-.h
committee.
Preliminary steps were taken yesterday
at a meeting of clerks representing fifteen
banks of this city to form a chapter of
the American Institute of Bank Clerks.
The meeting was held at the Clearing-
House, and was called to order by Charles
Sleeper. A. O. Klttredge, secretary of
the American Institute of Bank Clcrka,
explained the object of the organization,
which is the education and Instruction of
clerks In the various branches of tho
banking business. He said It had tho
unqualified moral and financial support of
the American Bankers" Association.
Meeting to Join the Ameri
can Institute.
Preliminary Steps Are Taken at a
BANK CLERKS PREPARE
to form: a chapter
Charles' Kohl. Johnson'* manager, will
try lo match Johnson with George Gard
ner. Hn has good prospects for several
blK ftchts.
Kefere" Ed Williamson stopped ths
bout between Robbie Johnson and Jockey
McDermott in tho first round and gav*
the decision to Johnson. McDermott was
too weak to go on. In tho second prelim
inary Louie Long was awarded the de
cision over Jack Carroll In the second
round. Carroll was tired and tho referee
stopped the bout.
Jack Johnson, the Denver colored
heavyweight, turned loose last nljht In
tho fourth round of his ri^ht with Joa
Kennedy at ihn Reliance Athletic Club,
Oakland, and hit the latter so hard ana
¦u ntten thut ho went down and failed
ii> 8«t up wimlii thfi ten>necond limit. Tho
bout w tiu 11 lively one while It lasted.
Johnson provea a fast man on hta feet
and wlcktm ut infighting. In tho opening
round he repeatedly landed on Kennedy.
During the next three and a half round*
he played for Kennedy's Jaw And face.
Krnneuy wua willing, but appeared flabby
and out of condition, ttn tired noticeably
In the tlrat round. Johnson, on the other
hand, wn« In nno ftittlo and h»trd at nalla.
Tho punches that laid Kennedy low wero
a Hucccmlon of \t>tt* and right to the heart
which came 00 rapidly that Kennedy was
duzod. Tho Mwlns that stretched tho
whlto boxer . on. the mat brought up
HR.-ilnst his left chesk and opened a largo
Ktifth. K. J. Smith wua referee.
Colored Boxer Prcvas Him
self a Hard and Fast
Kiitar.
Californian Is Put Out in
Fourth Round by Den
ver Heavyweight.
JOHNSON WINS
FROM KENNEDY
Evidence for tho objectors to the peti
tion cf Mrs. Margaret Halpin for letters
of guardianship over Mrs. Mary E. Dan
iels was heard In Judge Troutt's court
yesterday.' The witnesses were Amy How-
Say Her Mind Is Sound.
The City Board of Examiners yesterday
recommended to the Board, nf Education
that a high school teacher'^ certificate
be cranted to William F. Blake on hia
diploma of graduation from Leland Stan
ford Jr.* University.
lleceives High School Certificate.
The members of the Mechanics' Insti
tute were entertained last evening with
a dt*cus3lon on "Oil as a Fuel." Many
members took part In the discussion nnd
dome Interesting points were brought out.
The talk was one of a series of technical
lectures given by the Institute.
Mechanics' Institute Lecture.
Emma G. Standlford has been enjoined
from wlthdrawlns $1600 from the Mutual
Savlnga Bank. The money l» the pro
ceeds of a sale of a piece of land In Santa
Clara County, the property of her hitd
band. G. B. Standlford. It was deposited
In the names of Mrs. Standiford and her
two 'Children, subject to the demand nf
Stnndiford. He now alleges that his wife
has deserted him and will convert the
money to her own use unless restrained.
Fcnrs Wife Will Tako Money.
Bachelors' Club Organizes,
A now social society called tho Uache.
lora baa Juu.t been organized with tho fol
lowing membership: lOugeno Fltzgf'rnld,
Frank P. Scully, William 11. Murphy,
Harry A. Cahalan, Robert A. Cahalan
end Frank J. Daunet. R. A. Cahalan was
chosen president and Frank J. Daunet
secretary and treasurer.
New Orleans Racing.
NEW ORLEANS, March 7.— Crescent City
nummary:
Flmt race,' soiling, ulx furlomca—Mlns Cnnrad
won. (,'ottoii riant second, lola third. Time.
1:14%;
Second race, prlllnK. four furlong — Ifonda
won, Merciful RPcond, FalryllUe third. Time,
:60.
Third race. fitoeplerhaFe,' handicap, short
rnuree — Torrran won, Ilrlen Paxton soound.
Old Fox third. Time. 2:. r ,9V4.
Fourth race, handicap. . mile and seventy
yards — Merrymaker won, Knfflr second, IJalm
of 'Jllead third. Tim*. \-ATtVi.
Fifth race, wiling, mile — Mr. Phlnlzy won,
Banlch irecond, El Moran third. Time, ¦ 1:41. ••
(Sixth rnci», BelllnK, mile and on« furlong—
Dr. Stephens won, Frank Jones eeconil, Mcfrss
third. Time, 1:D5.
Beers of Merit,
Proven by the test of years, arc the well
known brands of the 1 AnhcuHcr-BuBch
Brewing Ass'n, St. Louis, U. S.'A., known
and esteemed in every clime. The brand*
are Hudwelser.' Faust. -.Mlchelob, An
heuser-Standard. Black & Tan, Pale-
Lager. Export Pain and Exquisite, each
possessed of a flavor that distinguishes It
from every other beer, yet all produced
with the same care as to material and
age. Orders promptly ' filled by E.* Gi
Lyons & Raas Co., wholesale dealers,
San Francisco. ••.,'¦' r - •
At the annual meeting of the California
Bible Society held yesterday the follow
ing trustees were elected for the ensuing
year: Annis Merrill. ISdwnrd P. Flint.
William Abbott, C. ti. Wright, D. Gilbert
Dexter. T. C. Johnstnne. John Thompson,
ncnjamln Romnlne. E. J. Harper.
Bible Society Annual Meeting.
Selections for To-Day.
Klrft race— Blackthorn, Kl Karn, Ftublno,
Hrrond race— Dorrcn, Quadra, Tyranui,
¦Third racc»-St. fhllllpplna, True Blue
May \V. ;
Fourth race— Chlnn & Koruythe Stable, Ga
ylota, Artvln. ,
Fifth race— Meclinnua. Bragg, Col. Ballan
tyn*.
Hlxth rare— Mill Archibald, Legal Maxim,
Kunirarlan.
A..8. . Orne, 1 who travels around , the
country In a "gOHpcl, wagon," called at
police headquarter* yesterday morning
and nuked, tp bco Chief Wlttninn. .Tho
Chief wan not In., so, Orno told Cl«rk
Norman that ho wanted to have- 11 police
court cutuhllBlicd for trying the emeb
npiiliiHi children, ho that- they tould be
jiwjiy from tho contaminating Influences
of older, criminals. Mo wim politely In
formed that th« ohartm 1 did not provide
for n«ch a court and that his; suggestion
could not be nejedupon.
Wants Special Court' for Children.
Aldcn Anderson, president of the State
Loaguo of Hcpubllcan Clubs, wa« at th'J
Palace Hotel yesterdny. He Is convinced
that the Tieague Convention at San Jo*u
on April II rnd 15 will be a great political
demonstration. Letters from the north
ern, central and southern counties of the
State indicate a large nttendanco of dele
gates. The citizens of San Jose are busily
engaged In preparations for the event.
'!"ii" city will ho In gain attire for the oc
casion. . , ,' •
The . League Convention.
John. Webb, an ex-soldier, was arrtstcd
yesterday afternoon by Officers Holmes
and Welch on a charge of grand larceny
and placed behind tho bars at the Central
Police Station. Webb is accused of hav
ing robbed Wright Allen, another Boldlcr,
of $22, his dlschargo papers and hla hat, in
a room at 004 Kearny street on the previ
ous night. Webb Induced Allen to accom
pany him to tho room, and after the latter
was asleep accomplished the crime. When
taken into custody Webb had the hat and
discharge papers In hid po.stsesslon.
Robbed Soldier While He Slept.
Another disputeln from Vancouver
ittatcs that Cr.ptaln Seymour did not ar
rlvo there ycMterduy. It also conveyed
the Information that tho police authori
ties at that point knew nothing dcrinlto
or otherwise Captain Sey
niour'u movements.,
filCATTUH. Wa»h.,' March 7.— It la ballevfd
In Infill i».lle>* clixlrn that Cuptnln HKymour,
th* Han Krnnel*c6 detective, who recently loft
that city to track down thf» nwrilPi-er uf Nom
Kiillt r, Iiiin l"""> In t-'"nttli< within tit— liifit
wrek and .wrnt from hero to Tacoma, At that
place nil trnok, of him wna lost.
Chief Wittman Is maintaining n strict
secrecy ns to the whereabouts of Captain
Kcymour, chief of detectives, who left
litre a few days ago to run down an Im
portant clew in connection with tho Nora
Kuller murder. It was hinted that Sey
mour had gone north, but it is nov/ con
ceded that Captain Seymour has taken an
entirely different direction. If he has
gune north Jt is quite possible that he Is
not very far from San Francisco.
In what direction Seymour went Chief
Wlttmon will not say. It is admitted,
htiwevrr. that tho chief of detectives is
in He-arch of Nora Kuller'a murderer and
tho police confidently expect that they
will have tho much-wnntcd man in their
tolls within a few days.
The following dispatch was received
l.i nt night from Seattle,' but llttlo cre
dence Ih placed In the mtaicment that Cap
toln Seymour visited that pluco:
He Hr.o Gone in Search of
Murderer.
CAPTAIN SEYMOUR'S
WHEREABOUTS A SECRET
Chief Wittman Will Not Say Where
Walsh' and Coghlan appeared to he as
sured of getting seats in tho Hoard, of
Supervisors If the steady gains they have
nmde on their opponents since tho com
mencement of the recount continue. Moro
than half the precincts havo been counted
and they havo leads. larger than tho leads
enjoyed hy Alnera and Kggcrs In the ottl
clal count. Nine precincts ¦ were counted
yoHterday. The vot« of the Interested can
didates now stands: ¦ • . .
, • Official IjOss to ProHiMit
i .-•, Count., Date. Standlnsr.
GtorB« A1p«r« ....'. ICV.OCO . Hni2 N.O.J.S
FrM N. Hent 1H.1I2 , , ll.'.i . irt.ini
Frod Ekktb 1.\HM ; 1018 ' 11,1)15'
Horace WlUon KI.M7 »M7 15,1100
John Cochliin; I.VflSil Mt 15,172
Thoinna lteaKan....m.-(:ir. , M2 H.003
Krt I. W»l«h 1B.8H« ' . MT ' ' 'IB.SliD
Thomiu y.,Flnn....lB,W>B - 400 js.OOU
Seem to Bo Reasonably Sure
of Success.
Contestants Walsh and Coghlnn New
itliPUBLIOANS CONTINUE
TO LOSIJ IN THE RECOUNT
A man was found lyinnf In an uneon
ecious LTiudlttoii in an alley in the rear of
tho Columbia Theater about ll) o'clock laat
night and removed to the fiecelvlntf lion*
pltal, where ho died. From pujierB on hl9
pi'rnun he wan idcntllled rta J. J. Hose, 11
clffar «1ealrr at tho ooutheaat corner of
Kcarny nntl California ntreets. where he
has born In buslnnss for thr> punt four or
five yean?. During this time ho resided at
the Royal House. 12i>* Mills street, only u
few steps from where he was found. The
deceased was single, a native of New
York, und ubout 45 years of ajje. At ono
time he wus a conductor on the Mlsslon
stieet line.
Found Dying in the Btreat.
Hlxth race— One mile nn.i fifty yard»; •elllnr
thr< % «'-}' r "i'-old» and upward; '
:unu bodrstur Ul :::«)2 Invictu* . 102
.•i::si) Ooldfn Wght.102 mw)l*gn\ Maxini 13
Fifth rape— One tnllr; the Kl Dorado hand'
tap; thrpc-j'fui-olils and upwnrd:
.T!S7 Mi fliHiitih ...,\0" .'I.'SRU \Volhur*t 1O">
ci.iini)iirKRK fin a.180 Oulanthu* "."loo
a:iS7 Col. UullantndiiT # " luo
Fourth raeer-Flva furlongs; the Utll stakes
pune, two-ycar-okl.t: '
(.i.'!iil)H. ChaiicellorllS C52KS)ArtviM . no
CCHDArnlio Ilii .T.;«« The Koff..'.'" ion
i:!.isr.)(}Hvloui 112 SB.1.1 Uonlton .... Jin
a^ts Sylvia Talbot.li;, C{;:5uocorffio AVeHt'ii"
Third rai-r— Six furlong.i; purse; thre«-ycar«
nl'ls ii ml iij.uiii'l:
:i.:s2 I'onamlnt ....li:i 2. r ..il Allco Jojiphino oi
.".244 Truo lllu •>. . . .1 in urilt May W los
a;jr..s St. PhltUpplna 94 :;i<X) Marlon l/ynclilos
8«eotld radt — Kuturlty cournr; sellltiB; thVe*.
>rur-olflH:
rriTHltUKU, March 7.-J*nm<n darvlii,
a oitfp famous bnMmll jiliohcr, Ir iledii t t|
Ids liottiP tit Alb-iilii'iiy, after an IflnrnH of
rout' mouths Of eatttiili uf tile fituntai'li,
Hell, in whMFt! holinr tho nvent win
lihhinJ,
foliowttig are tht- oiitrlpsi
Kltst »acp— Fl\t> ntiil ii half furlnitRs; Bfllltittt
tliipn-.vrnr-i)|iln ami iii.waiil: '
.•iliil itilllBln Ill ilO7H Mr* Hi-unnll til
0WW 11-lla.l, 111! Il.lMl Thn ln.liiiVr 'll.,
.!:l!i4 Ml. Miiu-h Jr.l'jn BUM Kill 8*11 !•/,!
;;lill Mam tlrc«-n. . . t tru ;nu| lloiin Kinl'th iTl
M guwna \\<\ jw»o m«ikth..ni ;: if
04iil Kl Karn H »
Noted HmwI.hU lHtdhei' Dies.
Hnny »m\\u itnd Um«* Mi>c«nn w«p#
nh'oNiHit hi ih» imntftp ut iui|...iii mi, i rt.m.
I'uniPiHo mpupls Ium PVPtilnif by PhIipb nf,
Hi'iihm flMihinihtr and Untv nud t'luifSPd
jvlth fobbepy «t ihe t'fiitHtl tu t \w 9 tittt
tiefij Bhoi'Uy ufiet* f u'vltjeif Hmliti hiuI
Mt't'rttin ii|i|ii'om'lii'd Uiisuivh MiiofJardio,
who In MiiiooVMd In h l^Piiuh bakery, J ml
KHaliiM linn, dW bint iutn m piiihU HllVy
wbpry tbev iff1 P il b| S uot-het*. iMi w
wold wnti'fi Hiitl t'lialu, Bmlti tm*\tP?\
Mai'tlardle by be uei-k while the "tWr
man sparo bfd Ills tiooketH, After tVii.B
rfleased MaetJardle raiised nn outcry,
which the yatroltHen lizard, nnd after a
Hhoi't chase cantured the robbers.
Held M«ea«rdlo And Robbed Him,
Mioohi Nmmlii Ii (o UlV'ii lifip IhhmviII
rnliiiiil Ilil. m It hi li HI M,i||m|,i,|M,Hi
Hull mid hit dould tin i m will tin it crowd!
id lllMlUM III IIjtHUl. |!ll|lll'f'llltlOII Of lllH
dlyit'ujyi'lu iilillli)'i 'nit' iiroui'imiiiiti foi'
lld« MfltM'iinoli'n t'Miinpi'l will tMililuln Muiiu;
• ¦."¦.¦I'llMiiitlv InvtMoh ihiiiiIii.i.. ,mii|
him. him IIimiii WIU Ii" It liM-dllvi' mill liili-i
• Hlim IViiluii', 'Ilili) litiiiilii'l N liiiiii Hm'
|."U uf Hi" liiiiMoitt tjolllioil Mini wttn I'lioiid
amoim Ills tiltei'tN itrtM liN di<al]i and jue.
KMUtfll l)y lilri WltlllW to Mllifi NHVIItla. It
1m paid to bu a I'aie (il^et) or iiitiBii'al woiU
Mini I'ttilt'd "Mp|ipiiUi'i" 'Hip noiibHtt'^f»rt
Ims iiad it put In ehupe for poiideif work
II till Huti FI'uliL'iftl'tt IIHIHlt! IflVprB Will liaVB
tile tlrtft oppoftUltlty to iiase Jlldfttneiit
upon It hb it bus never 1 been huhm ijpfdi'b
anywbt'1'ti. i,
'fhe diva will lit* assisted by her ooim»
tintiy i.r mii^lfal pImmi this aitcrinnoi and
thpy will fnitlHliutu laieoly to iho bi'lU
llniuty of thi! iinitlncp, Judelneby tbclf
wotk last Monday night,
found Aioiiiur Oompoier'i K.r-
Coots Alter Hts DpfttU,
rnmoilB HongMtrnwrt lo Mttmhir Hong
NEVADA TO BINO ONE
OF GOUNOD'S MW,OJ)JEB
ThnmitH O'NphI, boii of ex*l'ol(CA Offleap
(i'n.,,1, nnd wnll known to Hm pnliue
WltN .llfialrtl I.U.I l.lMllI illlil rliillHt'll (it
Hi. ii I'.ur.Ml .-U..I |..t||i'i> ..I, ill. hi wild
liiinjliiry,
(ifjiitl IiimI Bfilrimi mi entiHiiP« to Hm
I'tidldl'lltM* HI' V, fl. I.Hllp, fi.'ll |||'|M|,i|'||:|i
Mm I, Mild v ii" ill-'t t.v i n i| 1^ Hi,. m.<i\,iih
II|mi|| Ii; I 1 (iiitlltl In tin iiiniii |h Id,. Ihinh
Hit I.I "Mil I. Hill., I Hill .11 I'l ,1111. 1 1 l,l| .'I.,,,
liitf O'N«'Ml In llin iM't of iiMiiliiu thii hiiiimi
?ijiil tJlililnlll JtWVPI 1 nf 'i'llli'M <'ii||||iiil|V
No. Q, who r>Nldti« 1I110O liy, fiirtiihitiiily
i.tiini lift 1 and inn to Hi" imunH iu limit
t tt I'Midurp U'Nwili TIim ImiimIiip won ttM ml T
w\ nvi'l' til l'lllil'flllllll OWPIIH lij 1 tliu IUb
illjltlllH.
Rorennib Qive Alnrm.
Houbo and Scares Servant Whoso
Thomna O'Neal Enters Basement of
ITIIIE CAPTAIN CLEVERLY
CAPTURES BOLD BUROLAR
Eugenes-
Leap 170 170 170
Thorpe ....1155 189 157
Oiacrlt 1HU 170 Itt7
Kirdsall ...156 158 100
Gott 181 HOU ltiU
Totala ,.K3S 693 8oO| Totals ,,740 753 000
Tho ecore In the double team matches
last nlcht foUowa:
W. O. PmlthtBO JS'J 151 W. t«ee,,.,16T 104 147
Thormalen.ltia 14H 1S3 \V, H, l.ux.rJl Iti3 3M
Total* . ,aai aai 55t Tot»u . ,wl bst 873
Ban FranciecoB—
W. O. SmlthJ2a 144 1S2
•Muller 155 114 180
Buck H.5 ISO 178
Busch 140 154 157
r rhormalen..l54 Ui:t 203
The 'fitud>llt body PScftttlVP foiiihillted
toMitty fniHrnt'ted with Wnltet 4 ChriBtlp,
Iho tithU'tlt* tfuinci'i to retiirtlii In Ida
jtrrsenl t'ORlllcn for four years from dnto
at a wahtry nf $123 n month. Chrlstlo Is
wnll Ilkfrl by thn r 1 ultp«B' boys and slnro
ho has bonn horn lip ha» ilune much in
tho way of developing; nthlotr**.
No time lina been taken of any of the
sprinters and runners. In fact there have
been but few daya when the track could
bo used and the athletes have developed
themselves in rroK.s-i'oiuitry runs and in
eprlutlng around the bagebttll Held, which
in higher ond dryer than the cinder path.
A, IVPinw, the hammer thrower, was
ill for a time with h gold, but la out again
whirling tho weight in veeord-foreaHlnB
fjibhimi, Anthony Oadngan lead* Un>
bunch »f uprinterH, and Cheater Hrown
find K. It, Aluiillt.' ii i-M Hhnwiiitf great
IHiuniriu iiIkii in the riamti Hue, Tmi>k i\»i"
Iftln Wdwflrd Hunney Imh jumped 1ft feet
ii lurli«'rt and Ih i^pi'iMi'il to i:k."'hi| that
rppord. Jn Ihr^ ill»it«upaM R, 1{,' Berviun
tliilil nnrl lOl, Hmille wrw unuwlna Bund
form In fhnm« wvmiia, W, A, i'uwnll, H,
i 1 . I'ht'f-li iiihi Ti l>. l.liiniliii \u\\n Hi"
I II I'll Inn ill lltlllll, MdWfll Ml'HtHPd lllH HlIBB
ii if criii iuiicIiok (tml wIlMiM kent fnnij
liirtl wui'll fm 1 nuv»i'ftV jltiy^i , il» iuwI
MimpU Jihvp i'tMuirilu nf fi ri'ol IM \\ww*
|l!lil fi fi'Ml II llli'lH'rti, IWWi'Uvpiy, III Ilia
Iiihl.t JHlilli, .», A, Wlll'IIM Ih Him Dllly |t(||?
VHiifU'i'i Jfp Ii«n •i^vt-'fttiiMil fi'iim <;tnn»
iiiiniihi'lv limit 1 WilHt niiiil lie \# imii. -IiIiih
I'MVlHll I (it. I I ,1.1.11 Illlllll:
'(•)ih Uphi ii'y«uu{ i>r tiny uf ihw hiIiImIps
will w tin I lie Bad iiiMlii when tlie rnMli*
limn ¦Miiiilniiiniii' lit* il tln.v Will W Ip'lil Ui(
I lie Biiift thci't." will liu u senMi'ttl tfy«Milt
frii* iho liilecuollfHlntft t^Hiu ttmj on April
I!' Hi' unnii'M with titnllfurtl will ln< h-1.1
lit PhIo AH m.
I (ilttiltltitP fttttllttfter" 13. W. Dft'rttf) fe*
t'plved word lo=tltiy fiiun Vttld tlmt tti*»
HtttH iMiiy 1?) spt "or the YttlM'-'ttlifofnlrt
field tiny will have to be t'tttiueleii, mviiitf
It* tilhei- Hi'inngpiHctitf* whinh V«tr> hm*
tot thut iiinp. iJct'otti lias wired uskhm
for Mtiy lo on which to meet the Yn.lt?
m»»n. :
BERKELEY, March 7.— An unusually
short track season has fallen to the lot
of the University of. California athletes
this term. Rain has kept the men from
much necessary work, and although but
about thirty days remain before the inter
collegiate meet the men have not been
able to have regular practice. They have
worked faithfully when they could and
this has kept them up physically. Fortu
nately tho athletes are', as a whole, in
unusually good condition considering the
amount of practice they have had, and
this brightens what, under other circum
stances, would be rather a dark outlook
for the eeason.
The Eugenes have won the team con
test in the tournament of the San Fran
cisco Bowling Association, which has
been in progress since January. The
members of the team won seventeen
games and lost one. The San Pranciscos
won ten and lost five. The Lincolns won
twelve and lost six. Tho games last night
resulted as follows:
The articles of Incorporation were filed
yesterday In the County Clerk's office in
tho name of the Coliseum Building Com
pany, The capital stock is 125,000, The
articles were tiled by Herbert ChoynsUl,
attorney for the company, and one of the
incorporators and stockholders,
The huilding will be 200 feet Heroes, cir
culur in ehopa unrt. with a. Imlcony and
gallery, An especial effort will b§ made
to peinire perfect nQoustlQ effects,
It Is possible one of the first big affairs
to ha decided there will ha the Jeffries.
FltRslmmoni* fl«M, uliould it he held In
this city,
The building will have a wide scope of
use, being available for conventions, the
circus, boxing matches and fairs. The
seats will be portable and can be changed
according to the character of the enter
tainment.
It will be in the form of an am
phitheater and will seat 12,000 people, al
lowing each one an unobstructed view of
whatever may be taking place on the
platform in the center of the building.
The alte has already been selected in a
desirable location, easy of access by sev
eral car lines. ;
A MONSTER coliseum has been
planned which will hold more peo
ple than any public exhibition
building now in use in this city.
The California Athletes
Lack Much Needed
Practice.
Prove Clever Bowlers in
the Tournament
Gamts.
Projectors Have '-in j View
a Location Easily;
Reached. ; •
Tho belief In God means the acceptance of
the divine principle. God is the law of the
universe from whom all things sprung and to
whom all things will return. To believe in
God Is one thing, but to believe In the Bible
Is quite another. Th» Bible is sacred. It u
the political and moral constitution of the
world, It Is eternal because It comes from
Ood. The Bible represents the Moaalo law,
the poetry of Israel. Its destiny is not that
Intended by its authors. It was never Intended
tlpt It fhould become a firebrand in the «ehuo)a
of the theologians, U was never Intended to
bring discord Jpio the world as jt did through.
OUt Ilia Hfc.H. The IliLle (a |p Israel a civc
ri? m nJ!°. (lk ' ft family ohronipja, if belief in
th» Bible means tha concreta attitude toward
evjM'V line the boak contain* then you muV»
believe It wholly. In that mu the Creator ji
marts to eontrmllet himself, fwp the nm and
sepourt whaler* ,,r nenn*|* V not »gre"' You
mwfrt believe jhst Metliime| ft i| Vt d | 9 tm W
>0ftr» ilii »nrt many niher Martllng thln8»,
lha frpfttaai toward the MiViii
it tiivi tnmi iipii|i1« fur ymiriulf,
™*\H V ' JP p . n *> Nlftto uretinheii liia iimi.iI
No question la so interesting as the general
interrogation, what does belief In the Bible
really mean? Belief is a broad word. It is
like an ample garment In the folds of which
one may hide himself. What do people mean
when they Bay, I believe? One cannot solve
the mysteries of creation, one cannot define
life. God is a quantity in human faith aa
well as a quality. Everything about us is
life — the dewdrop and glacier, the atom and
the sun. We know all this la life and without
being able to define It we may believe. With
out being able to define the term God, there
fore, one is justified In believing that Gotl
exists.
Rev. Jacob Voorsanger delivered an In
teresting lecture at the Temple Emanu
£1 last night, his theme being the various
attitudes toward the Bible as an Inspired
work. He defined the different positions
assumed by theologians and laymen con
cerning the Bible, saying in part:
Moral Constitution of the
World.
Says Sacred Book Is the Political and
DE. VOOHSANGER SPEAKS
OF BELIEF IN BIBLE
RAIN SHORTENS
TRACK SEASON
EUGENES WIN
CHAMPIONSHIP
Will Seat More Spectators •
Than Any Building
Now Here.?, .;< ;.'¦; ',:
ell nnd Lillian Marriette, nurses at Lane
Hospital; Dr. T. A. Rottanzl and Henry
S. Poote. They testified that Mrs. Dan
iels was of sound mind. - ,
Ihrre was but t?llpht demand for any
thing but Kninny In tho hotting on th3
fix lurlonp !;nrint. The brown 3-year-old's
price fell from 7 lo 5 to oven money, and
be won all the way. Muachuca closed
Urongly when too late, losing by a neck.
Quiet quit and Trox'"»- »-o«P(j Eea Lion to
poor advantace.
Bookmaker Caeaar Young:'* filly Little
MurftarH. tho 0 to 2 favorite, was pounds
i Ik- l»>Kt of the ten Mnrtcn« 'n the 2-year
old race, but mm with extremely poor
rarinp luck. Blow to leave tho barrier.
fhp waf cut off and r-ompelled to tramp
m round tho bun<h. Thi n In a tJo.rco. drive
down at tho wlro M;irj;arct was downo>J
half a lentil only by Gulda. a 25 to 1
J. II. Hcnnnt, another outsider,
ran lhlrd.
An ordinary bunch of platers started In
the openinp event, and It wore such an
«'|.r-n look that ihero wus no pronounced
favorite. The winner' turned up In Tufts,
a 4>4 to 1 cbaoce, from the Chappcll sta
ble, ridden by Bttiart, llnup led Into tho
Ktrttch, but Iilikt::ruth did not pick the
cood roIhk and v.ii* braten throe length*.
JJI K«rn tin): hod i n tho show.
OuldH. from the Spreckeln atnble,
wh)»~h won the 2-yeur-eld dash «t oddt
of 25 to 1. liotany and Quiz II did what
they could to *nve the reputation of tho
favorite*. , V- *
THE deep BoJns proved futal to th<»
chances of four favorites yeater
diiy at the track over the bay.
The Joncest priced winner was
The rlrh $2000 Hell stakes for 2-year-olds
will be tho feature of the racing at Oak
land thin afternoon. In addition to tho
stake money, a magnificent silver punch
bowl goes to the owner of the winning
horse, the trophy being the gift of L. V.
Track Notes.
Lodestar made such a poor showing In
tho last event that the stewards will In
vestigate the race.
Andy Hlnkcley'B mare. Laijy Meddle*
*nrn<\ hauled down the purno 'offered fur
the mllft and a mlxtf-enth Helling number.
8h« had nhown no disappointingly In her
work that *\ndy and hla friendH upread
their coin about BpnrlnRly, the odd» »rnlm;
from 8 to 5 to an high ae 6. IlniiHch hn»l
the lesr up and, polling hl.i mount away
wll. kept tho lead throughout, lieutlnc
Morlnrl two lenRthn. Jnck»on landed
Duke of York In third place.
< l'<>K*ll>ly it wan Muapee.ted thnl Harry
Ktover h»»d MomethlnR up Ills nlocve. for
thcT»« n^emed tfo v;illd reaKon why I.emu n l
should bfl InstHlled favorite, for tho flv«;
nnd one. half furlonK prramble. fifth on
tho m»nu. The little, fellow, to till np
pemrances; could not neuotlnte tho Rdlnij,
JlnlshlnK amonR the "nlM<» rans." Kotndo
looked like a K'iod 8 to 5 chance, nnd I*ur
ry Daly put him over th* plato tlrst. n
neck In front of Kl Rey. Talma, at 10 to
1. ran third.
Quiz II repeats bh cleverly an a ward
heeler. Jnrk Crane'8 Reldlnjf ran awvty
from hli« lUld In the last race., winning
nwaiy off from Nod Dennis. Lodestar
marie a poor showing.
niOO. F1XTH HACK— Hlx and. a half furlongs: npHlr.R: 4-ycnr-old* ami up: to rirnt, J.;2.V
i I Beitlnir. c
Index Home. Acp. Weljht.ISt. U. Vt- Btr. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Or>. ' Cl.
(33M) fOolS II. 4 linl 2 12 14 1 « IS .T. M. franc Troxler i ~\
.U Kt INV4 I^nnln. 5.. .107 :{ a 4 2 'i 2 .*5 2 1 Piedmont stable. .Itrkrtli :! i>
:WK3 C'larando. H. 10:. 4 2h 3 5 a ."J :i '.) K. M. Dorohcrt Hoar 15 ;;u
:t: .VI 'Omni Knchem, b.11.1 fl 7 4 7 •! 4 «i A 12 J J. Moran f'rawl<\v it jj
:;'."<7 'Tlic Hlngrr. 5 1"7 ." f> .1 .'I 5 I 5 1 Macrant* (k. <'o..Jaoknon i.ii
<T:sO)'I>"<left«r. M in 1 4h 4h « :i Ufl I). O'Krefe & (.'¦>. Hnnch XT. ¦•
:¦::,:: MVncll M«>. 4 104 7 tl « «1 7 Zo 1 r»0 Alatka Kt.-ihlc. . .J. Only ;;o 10
¦ • • • HHdlutn. 4........1W S 8 h S « M. AH nian ". Dyer 1 00 ROO
Tlmo— '.i. :2S»i; >4. :B2; %, 1:21S: OHf, 1:2SVJ. U*oU ntart. Won eafillv. Second Vand
ttilrd (Jrivlnc Winner, J. M. <:ron<« % b. c by Bt. KlorUn-Queermtown. Winner spread.
mp\r4 I.U field, ivnnii ran to form, f'lamn'li hsd n|ii»ed. Th» Hlnu'r bitter In plushy
K'Ang. isyitrthT had no «perd. KcratcbeU— Eldred 108. Onptaln Onlnes 110.
.'-¦¦¦..¦¦'¦,* '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ MARCH 8, 1902,
COL1SBUJVI WHICH WILL SEAT TWELVE THOUSAND SPECTATORSSTO BE BUILT NEAR THE CENTER OF THE CITY.
num. KIKIH HA' -IJ-KIvp an.l ¦¦> half fut-tontt^; Sf-lllnRi .'I- >•?>«» -nM» an4 Ut>: tn Illst, $:l2fi.
~Hsttfh>t7~
IiiIps Horso. Ak^. AVplght.jRt. »i- Htr. Pin. Owner nhd Joche»% Op. Cl.
337* RFtndn. a HiTI fl 2 h, 1 2 1 1«i 1 n H. W. BAtdWlttf.L, l)al}| :l 7-i!
:t.!«!T IKI 1»-. 4 ir«< 1 I 1 2 2',» 2 n 2 fi I*. ('. Diinnt»rhG.J t Mlhitrt<| ;t IS-r.
KJtl Talma :> 112)2 r. 1 4 1 .» I DA !'. O. l.ym h Ununclil <! Ill
:;i'n UMBCtMt "« 12't| " K M 4 h 4 h MnRrnnp & <*o.H. Khl<l? 10 it
::^'T7 lUnrdock, r> 112 4 «i 1 <l 1 » B % ft li J. H. riimpbp||...t'on]r>- s an
!H)t| iratli. Bravo. 4...1141 f. 4 I 5 1 iM « n .1. 1'. Alkln Jaokwin 1n 10
.T.7I lljrmurl. :(..-. 1071.1 7 tl 7 1 7 50 7 100 W. II. Koti'tinmn.Trnxtr 2 14-fl
:"¦¦."! >iy\>ry Hoy. 3 1H71 H :i '» :i 1 8 W I j h|'P" <r Long.. A. K>-lly 15 lill
Time — *4. :27; '4. :MH: r.',if. 1:15. Good .itart. Won o.i*ll>\ Secotirl nnri third rtrlvltiK.
VlniiT. O. \V. Unl.lwIn'K t-lj. c. by Emiwror «»r Norfolk-Klorrnta. Bita4o looked »>«!>t ami
thouM havp wnn furlhor off. Daly Ingt revcrnl ler.Kthn liy wlijp turn Into ctretrh. Kl
licy rHn hi* raof. I^mufl J? no uccount In ptlcky going. SithIcIhi] — OolU liuron 112,
!»ii)i!l 120.
lhi*-t Mmm«, a«», WMstti . w. U. H, eif. Fin, owhmjijiiI Jofh»y. w L jft
i^Vm* mmiWih, e.iw'y i"« i i*k i u Te a, ti, iikUM?r..tt«Hmfi n^ 4
nsuft' M^Hhbli «.......! W" Tnfi44tt4y* M, Mlnut. .. ,,Hlrl«»iiMltli I g
1*1 ph ft Vtjf-k It, a-iii i 11 1*4 i) i) .1 i fl \ !, M"H-liMH>».ii.Jrtt-k*.'M • I»U
-. ' ¦ii.| ! i«, Ii..,.w.ini R e t* U ?'< 4 »i 4 h H F, »*n*-.. .„,„ Kntti'H I fl
«"M »>r. MMhaiS, S...111 «J f 1 6 tfc fl 4 b •* .1. «'nl1Hrll»'.iii.l«'1i»WrtH * •!
tMN fofMur, 0.. i»1 UN * »l n fl ft It. Hi ituwell.UA.Jrltiiii I 1 i2il
:ismi Ii-.b..!, \Vm- fl», fl.,l«i1 T 4 b tl 4 T <l T «J '?mileti fit* malil«».flrmf HI iitl
:. < 1 MaUltP, a.......!"' .'1 |l *i f_a * * Mu»tu fc HUl».,.J, l»at»- I'l Hi
iltti^U, tao'ii H, «6Jl to, 1:21 iii nll#i IlBll t 1H)tn t li&B; UfiM otttit, Won nil Wt
•¦ >"1 mvl thiH »lHvihi!. Winntc, A^ «J, t?lakelP>-> B, m, »jV Mpi1tllet--Jillllr» Lmly II,
Wlhh*f ton kltfr than xtio lm.1 f:hn«»fi lit hrf WolkrjKlo, At»(-|he| iitltrt)Mti»1. tlHlilM
PMlian't p'cri'1 llt<> fll|i. Vt. 11i»rnayn nPV^t |iartlnl in h^aVt- R>ilhR, Kmtik WOOBf '1!f
|lft>T"1 fMll" "«lly f|rr,l. MnlaleR !in FpP'il. PrTH t . lir •] — I .Irl I '.( ( n (III. M|ft||n<>ltl till.
IMtinf.
InH^jHprM, Ag*,J\'Hyht: at, jj, <j, filr, Fin, r _/^ jfncfcw_ , Qp ; fj-_
;i ".a n«tti«nr, SiLtiiiiilM *i IB 14 18 In If. H. Kdwnrrtu, ,Hmin It lift 1
it-ivi Hut., hue., ¦Vm.mV « 4 ll n OU rj W, ii»l.i*lii,,f, j'»l> A fi
i;>fj,,- tm j,,,,,,, *.,, ,,H.f. U J.B^j.. c J llu , J,^ I*- •* f,H>.ll,,,,,Tl..»lrl i tl U
|l«n ', . '. M, -ii. l^ I iWlii MJm4 Kirti W/»H nin llitFB i1im|iib. Wiihifi 1 , li 11,
MHni)' Ml I •> UHtf«.IM«*l'FMfc& MkI^HV MnnlttM I" Hl< "Ml III! .."it (.(.- II. 1. 1
it. Mix. aH 81 trliF |...< «fMJ, bmUh.1 jfll. IJ..I. I i. Mm! lilllllld H-> ll,|.|..,i .1 II. •= ll. Ll
IMO4. MM'H'I M MAiMJ^t'HB lull* imi^h fljjBBHjIii delimit i frypHfuiMl) uttrt U|U tn (UM_iJHflfti
5
Distinction.
The perfect product
of the still,
B| Baltimore
Jajj/fl T MiJrW • *lv <S» P\
Always Best
Every Test
Christy * wisEcmrvnssroN co.. inc.,
aa<fiSCXllfornJ«.St.,9anKn»nciaco,C»llf.
« Telephone Uala*73.SATURDAY .'.MARCH 8, 190^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Hint* All Commcniettions to T£. S. LEAK?. Xacager.
MaXAOBBI OFFICE Tclopbon^ I'ren* 2O4
TTniACATioxlivW Third. J>. P.
Telephone I*r*«S £01.
I DITOHIAI. ROOM9 217 to 221 <iteron»on St.
Telephone Vrrmn "<rz.
Dellrrred %*r Cnrrlern. 13 Cott<« Per Weel*.
Mtiirlr CnplrK. ¦"» Crnta.
Trrron tty Mnll. Inclndlnpr I'ontnfret
TATLT CALL (Inelufllnir Sunday). cn« y*ar |1.0fl
11AILT CALL rlncladlnc Sunday). « month* n.*V)
DAIUT CALL. Oncludlnr Eundsy), 3 menlht ". l.M
PAIUT CALI*— Dr Bind* Month Me
Ft'NDAT CAM* One Ymr 1.3'»
mOXT CALL. Om Vrnr : 1.00
All ponttnnatrrn "•«* nti<hnr!cr<l to rcrclre
«nlti«crlptlonii.
Ettrpl* copln will b# forwsrded when rtquntrd.
1!»11 ml:«Tifc*r» In crdrrlne ctiann* rf artdr*?* should te
rartlrolar to r1v« both KEW AND OLD ADDIlESS In nr<1»r.
IC ii.mrr a, prompt apd correct compllinca with their reiurat;'
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Itrontlvrnr
.. / ¦,¦.<'
O. <;r.oiu;t: ICROGXR9*. ' 4 C £?*
V»ttf" fereifB Admtinlnff. Mirqmtti BaUllsr. Chlcij*. "' .<
(Look Dlitanca Telephone ""Ontrtl 2019.!') , '.' " j
new TonKconnnspovrtNT 1 ! ; ', ¦
«". C. CAlil/rox . .,.;.... . . . , . . , ..Humid , Sqn«rc
NEW TOnK KEPniMnNTATIVK'j t "•
*inrili:\ It. !>.MiT!i »o Trlbnn* IluUdlnR
NEW TOIIK NKWB RTANDBt*'! • / ,
\v»Mr>rf-A»tr,r!» llotct; A. l'.i«nl«no. 91 1'nlon - Square;
Murray U!I! Hotel. - '•.'.' i ' •
CHICAGO NKWH (STANDS! » 'j ';¦"¦'-
Ptiermin Jlmiwi V. O, New* Cn.| <3re»t Northert IW»lf,
> tm,. ni flouwi Auditorium lintel,
. . |. I ,V i y • »
UAKntWOTOW «l>. f\> oil ii.ij. .. .hum r. *>,/•/, W,.
IIOHTOJV IS. CIIA!>I«, rnrrr*|Minilrnl. ¦,
nnAWrtf mrii i;* — r.j-7 Meniffnrnarr. mm*r of Cl«r.< f>p»f\'
until 9'BO n'rl^h, nno IJnyra, aprn until t* •¦!'» -,'t i'.« h. on
mi Aiit.it*, . i r M until ii -in -I', i..- 1>. Gift I*rkjn,!np«n, until
frito e'clwfc, lilt - Mliflen, ei**n until 10 ...|-,,i. jem
*•'•¦" ¦«'. iMi-f f-|»!r*nM., i.Vim Until H i.Vlmh Iii'jI Vh<
| i»i»i». .j.m. until ft «.'ii,.i i. im i.k»«-nii., ..|.»m until I*
. •>!..). NW« fefn*r Tw^iiiy'^wnd and K'mnky, nti»n
Special information supplied daily ' to \
business houses and « public men by tha/
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main HM2. •
¦The defenders of. T.iliman are. now comparing him
to Andrew Jackson, .who Avas a ! good deal of a fighter
,in his time, but/they forget that Jackson never made
[a'fool of Iiirnself,_ti6r a; blackguard, either. , ,!-. •
Townser.d's California glace fruits. 5>c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. t~z
ket »V . nIce P re3en t for Eastern friends
KS» Market St.. Palace Hotel building. *
Schlcy's friends in the East are now in the habit
of referring to him as "the unofficial hero of San
tiago," nnd it looks at- if they were trying to hit
everybody in office, from Roosevelt to Crownin
" shield.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. *
Ex- strong hoarhounrl candy. Townsend's. '
Some Eastern. papers are making a. great deal of
fuss over the fact that 'Cleveland^ after -declining an
invitation to attend a banquet given to. Prince Henry
on the: s,core" of ullrh'eaith^.went duck-shooting, the
same day. ' There>is, however, nothing in the.. affair
that shows inconsistency' on the part of the ex-Presi
dent. It means' merely Ithat 1 finding himself: off his
feed He;went duck-shooting to recover his appetite.-
The New York Sun says that at a recent perform
ance of ."Romeo and Juliet" in. that city it was' noted
that the most' poetic love passages were received in-,
variably with titters and giggles by very many of the
young women of the crowded audience, showing, ac
cording to the critic, that the New York young wom
an has come to look upon" poetry as guff and on love
as an absurdity. :• It seems:they have. raptures only for
chewing, gum, ".millions' of -money ' arid -'a Duke.
A Boston artist by. the name of Cook, who re
cently eloped 'with a. woman' 7& years old, was inter
viewed'in New York, and when asked how so old a
vvoman could, have fallen in love .with him replied:
"I know that I am fascinating. Many women have'
fallen in love with me— positively raved oVcr me. i
can't help that, you. know!* Lam young, handsome,
rarely magnetic, full oj high spirits and imagination
and have boundless ambitions. These qualities, with
a' splendid reputation as an artist,.and the culture of a
traveled man of the world,, make a remarka'ble com
bination of attraction." v And we know now just why
it is that these Bost6n c rnen.are so dangerous.
Gordon Drysdale, a dry good3 merchant
of/ Vancouver, B. C. is at the Grand.
H. O. Fox. a promment business man
of Detroit. Mich., is at the California.
. C. B. Dewees of the Continental Fruit
Express Company In Los Angelea Is at
the Palace.
C. E. BIgelow. a capitalist of Santa
Barbara, is at the Palace. accompanieJ
by his wife.
E. A. Davis, Superior Judge of Yuba
and Sutter counties, is spending a few
days in the city accompanied by his wife.
W. H. Holabird, a real estate dealer of
LO3 Angeles, is at the Palace.
W. F. Knox. an attorney of Sacramen
to, is at the Lick.
General N. P. Chipman of Red Blu.-sJ
is at the Occidental. N
C. R. Eagan, a contractor of Los An
geles, is at the Lick.
Former State Senator B. F. Langford
of Lodi Is at the Lick.
Herman Lesser has left for tho East.
J. Sloat Fassett of New York Is at tht
Palace.
J. E. Terry of Sacramento Is at ttrt
Palace.
Dr. A. H. Sweeney of Fresno Is at tho
Grand.
W. D. Tlllotson, a Redding capitalist, is
at the Grand. .
PERSONAL MENTION.
My clients In the past have always made
individual i oath to the statements filed with
you. and have in many j instances been per
sonally examined^ thereto, but the words In
your letter, "principals oaiy," would imply
that 'it is your Intention to debar, a taxpayer
from : : having the '. benefit of 'the advice of. his.
accountant or attorney when requested to at
tend a "star chamber inquiry" at your office.
It Is open to question whether the law confers
on you ; any such .. power, and I am perfectly
.willing -to make a test case of your own se-'
lection, providing my. client will submit to tht
notoriety and annoyance. As '¦. well might the
Colle'ctorof this port, who attends to the Fed-_
eral revenues,! object to a custom-house agent'
making an, entry, of goods on behalf -of hto"
client. .
• >An eminent writer in a recent magazine
says: "There Is , no need to state In words
that harm may result : If a*, public officer is
permitted to make his own laws and rules'
for the transaction of public business under
his charge." ;• •
Now a word or two as to the methods adopt-
\The concluding sentence of your brief and In
solent letter states you have "established a rule
thfs year to 'have intercourse yrlth, principals
only." So far as. this, applies to making a
-sworn statement of "property, it conforms to ar
ticle VI of ths" rules, and 'regulations of the
State Board of Equalization, which reads: "As
sessors must not accept returns or statements
from . asents • for ¦ ', persons, - when the persons
themselves can be found in the county."
Replying to the, first. paragraph of your very
discourteous note, 1 will dismiss It by saying
It is 'practically untrue. Invariably my serv
ices are required, through personal acquaint
ance client's recommendation, or bankers' ref
erence; and even If It werd true, do you know
of any law prohibiting' the professional. employ,
ment of an accountant's services In correctly
listing assessable property?
Thanking you for your unrequlred, unsolicited
and unappreciated advice "Not to waste my
time,", etc., allow mo to say my time Is my
own, employed as I choose and not subject to
your official direction or criticism.; In .other
words. It Is an unwarrantable presumption. 1
Pr, Washington Dodge, City and County Au-
BCfeRor. New City Hall— Sir: Having reeelved
from you an of tidal letter, without bearing any
flat*, but which reached mo on the Bth inst.,
I desire to say, I would hiwa replied sooner, but
budlncss of more Importance occupied my time.
The communication referred to reads a* fol
lows: ) ¦ -
Office of the City nnd County AweMor.
HAN rilANCTHCO, , 10°t.
Mr. A. O. Platt— Denr Sir: | Having heard of
eaten In which firms have declined to. employ
you, at your solicitation, to manage and»u
pervlso their tax. statements, I, want to say
at this early day to you, do not waste any
time In *uch efforts, for 1 have established a
rule this year to deal with, or have lntet r
ceurs« with, principals only In such matters.
Very truly yours, WASHINGTON DODGE/
Asseasor vWashington Dodges and Alfred
G. Platt have locked horns In a quarrel
which is of timely and Intense Interest
to tho financial and business communities
and to- taxpayers generally. Each of tha
disputants possesses tho faculty of sar
castic retort, ns the following contribution
to tho controversy by Mr. Platt will at
test:
BAN FltANClSCO, March T, 1002.
If you are (as you claim) exceedingly desir
ous of relieving the small taxpayer of a pro
portion of his taxes and increasing the assess
ments of tho wealthier class, let me ask you
why you did not place on the assessment roll
personal property to the extent of several mil
lion dollars belonging to the estates of deced-
, I grant you that a large amount of personal
property escapes assessment, which rightfully
should be assessed, and in* this connection I
quote from article XXIX. wherein the State
Board"of Equalization instruct Assessors to
personally attend to supervising and fixing the
different valuations, but I beg to suggest this
cannot, be done by giving only, a few houn»* at
tendance of each day during the months from
March to June of each year.
It may be taken for granted that most'mer
chants are altogether too much occupied with
their dally business affairs to make a study of
the revenue laws affecting their Interests, but
the law does not contemplate that they shall
suffer thereby, consequently It Is optional with
them to engage competent professional advice
If they choose so to do, especially as the requi
site information as to their legal rights and
offsets is not vouchsafed to them through your
office. • \
While I contend that you, InVour official ca
pacity, have no authority to dictate what my
business shall be, or how I shall employ my
time as a private clUzen. It is altogether a dif
ferent matter with yoiwgelf. ajnee you have
been elected to a public ptflce/ .' ;
And while on the subject of solvent credit*,
allow me to call your attention to article XI
supra, which nays: "In the case of unsecured
credits the same should be assessed at thei(
reul value, which may, In many Instance*,
he less than their par .value." Ignoring this
Instruction the method adopted by you, as
Assessor, Is to have stated the gross amount
of credits, deducting therefrom the l*>na fide
debts, : owing to residents of this State, and
assess, the balance; whereas, you are told'asseus
the solvent credits at their real (not book)
value, and deduct therefrom the debts as afore
said. . Th<fs makes a vital difference in favor
of the taxpayer, a fact of which you are doubt
less well aware. • ".>,
Ami, again, taxpayer* nro aaked to make
a *peclflo declaration «• to - money In bank,
other than saving* bank, which heretofore yuu
have a**e8*ed a* ¦ *uch, without any offset,
whereat article XII of tho rule* and regulation*
of the Btato Soard of Equalization read*:
"Care should be taken ao a* not to a*«eH
money deposited with banks or banking In
stitutions a* money, but such property must
bo asscMfed to the owner* us solvent credltx,"
thereby con-forming to section Son, Tolltkal
Coda.
ed by you In making assessments of personal
property. I am aware you have often stated
to several merchants that by complying with
your subpoena and attending alone, in proprla
persona, they will receive from you fair and
Impartial/ treatment, but results, I regret to
say, . do not bear out your statement. .Your
duties In assessing property are ministerial
only, and I would ask If you, or your depu
ties, have ever informed a merchant Importer
of his legal rights In regard to merchandise
Imported by him remaining in his warehouse
In unbroken packages, or Inquired if the mer
chandise account, as shown by his books, con
tains any good* In transit and not arrived,
poMHibly debited as soon as Invoice or bill of
lading has been received, ¦ and, therefore, not
within your jurisdiction to asses*.
I, have heretofore refrained from expressing
my deep obligation to you for thus antlcipattn«
ami making use of my report and figure*. Al
though somewhat Kit., m the day, I b«g leave
to do •£> at ' tht* opportunity— with thanka.
Your* truly, ALFRED O. PLATT.
One other matter In conclusion: When I
was engaged in an advisory capacity to the
Committee on Personal Property Assessments
during the year I.sski. I showed you an advance
copy of my report, which I subsequently filed
with the Board of Supervisors. This cour
tesy I extended to* you for your personal Infor
mation at your mimat, but I afterward dis
covered that you maile use of it (without per
mission) by filing a supplemental report a few
day* In advance of mine, vide Municipal Re
port* 1MD8-0, page "131, and appendix page S7D.
enta, after being ordered to do ao by resolutions
of the Board of Supervisors? You will doubt
leas recollect the City and County Attorney,
whose consent was necessary, was willing It
should be done.
Contribution to a Controversy Which Is of Timely Interest to the Financial and the Busi
ness Communities and to Taxpayers of the City Generally.
Concerning the effect of the climate the review
says:. "The average elevation of the central plateau
is about. 6000 feet above the level' of the sea, Mexico
itself being at a height of 7444 feet. At that eleva
tion the barometric pressure is very much reduced,
the air is quite rarefied and the amount of oxygen
contained in a giveri:;measure of v air: is. considerably r
reduced." The effect of this reduced breathing in of
oxygen in the case of both men' and lower animals' is
to be observed in a lessened activity and a reduction
of ability to perform work of any sort. . * * * With
out discussing the exact extent to which the corporal
powers are lessened by the reduced amount,of.oxy
gen in the air, it suffices to state that the effect of this
condition in producing indolence is very great and '
is felt by foreigners who go to Mexico to live as well
as by those to the manner borri.".* : .
The greatest drawback to the .value pf labor in
Mexico, however, is its unreliability, and^that pro-
ceeds not so much from a natural indolence result
ing from the climate as from the mental traits of im
providence, carelessness and ,a.' lack- of ambition. In
fact, despite the lack of oxygen in the air of .the
central plateau, the Mexican is capable of a large
amount of work when roused to it. Thus Humboldt
has given many examples of the endurance of Mexi
cans working in the mines, and in everything tfiat
Viewing the people from the standpoint of labor it
i<« noted that. their most salk-nt characteristic is
apathy. This constitutional indolence isjattributcd
to a variety of causes, among which are the high
elevation at which most of the people'^ live, the lack
of -severe .winters, bad social and economic condi
tions, malnutrition, the large consumption of alcohol
and tobacco, contentment with a low level of life,
improvidence, and an excessive number of holidays,
which encourage the people to neglect their work
for idleness and gambling.
The total population .according to the census of
1900 was 13,545,462. There is reason to believe, how
ever, that the count was not accurate among the In
dians and that the real number of the inhabitants of
the country canriot.be less than 15,000,060. Fully 75
per cent of .the whole live in the high plateau in the
central portion of the Country, and that fact has a
good deal to do with the labor problem. Since 1875
no attempt has been made to classify the people ac
cording to races, and consequently, no exact figures
are available as to the proportions of Spanish, In
dian and mixed races, but in that year the whites
constituted 20 per, cent, the Indians 37 per cent and
the mixed races 43 per cent. There has been a
steady increase in the prpportioti of mixed races
evcr ( since 1810, and it is fair to assume that at pres
ent those races constitute a majority of the popula
tion. . /
LABOR conditions in Mexicb are carefully re
viewed in the January bulletin of the Depart
ment 'of : Labor at Washington by Professor
Wcyl of the University of Pennsylvania. The study
is the more interesting because of the peculiar char
acteristics of the Mexican population, which is now
developing into a thoroughly mixed race of Spanish
and Indian. - j
LABOR IN MEXICO.
¦ Legislative work is going on very well in the
East. New. York has prohibited pigeon-shooting
matches, Massachusetts is going to require a citizen
to take out a license before he can Jtcep a cat, and
New Jersey has passed a bill for the extermination of
mosquitoes; and it looks as if earnest efforts were
under way all along the line to make the East a
habitable, country. *•
In view of the promise of Marconi there has nat
tirally been a good deal of discussion concerning the
probable effect of the rrew system as a competitor
of telegraphy by wire. Until": great improvements
have been" made in transmitting and receiving by the
Marconi method the old system will continue to have
advantage by reason of the greatly superior, rapidity
of its work.' Some erthorities hold that for a long
time to come the main usefulness of wireless *eleg
raphj' will be in communicating with ships at sea,
and that the land business and the bulk of commer
cial business across the ocean will' go by wire.- It
appears, therefore, that, swift as has been the advance
of wireless telegraphy since the day when The Call
;firsf applied it to the practical use of transmitting
the news of the arrival of the transport bringing
home the California Volunteers from Manila, it is
not going to work a sudden revolution in business.
Whatever change it is to bring about -will come
slowly. . . . ,
It will be seen from these facts that Marconi's
promise to have wireless telegraphy ready for com
mercial business within three < months is by no means
an idle boan. He ha* proven the ability of his sys
tem to fccr.d message* readable at a distance of more
'than '1500 miles, ani to increase the distance it is
merely ncccsiary to increase the power at the trans
mitting station. Modern methods of generating
electricity will enable him to obtain the increased
power with comparatively little difficulty. It is only
a question of coin, and in the present state of the per
fection of his system he will have no trouble in get
ting all the financial backing he needs. Indeed, the
fclockholdcrs and directors of his company appear to
be even more enthusiastic than himself. One of
them who crossed the ocean with him said: "We are
prepared to meet any one who may dispute our
claims on this trip and are prepared to confront him
with incontrovertible proof of what has been done."
The New York Press publishes a fac-simile of the
tape containing the tost signals received. It is
j-ipned by A. R. Mills, captain of the Philadelphia.
It is made up of a series of dashes, of which the first
three are perfect, and give clearly the "S" of the
Morrc code. The others practically mean nothing
beyond the fact that they are unreadable, indefinite
tignals made by electricity. It is to be noted that
the distance from the Poldhu station in Cornwall to
the station in Newfoundland is but 2080 miles, so
that the Philadelphia signals covered a greater dis
tance than those first sent across the ocean.
The statement was given with positiveness on the
itrcnKth of successful tests made during the voyage
of the Philadelphia across the sea. These tests were far
more thorough than that by-which the first signal was
received across the ocean Jast December, and the re
bults were far better. In fact, they leave apparently
no r6om for further doubt or skepticism on the part
.of the least credulous. The statements concerning
i hem rest not upon Marconi's observations only, but
are corroborated by the recording tape on the ship
End by the officers in command. These bear witness
to the fact that at a distance of 1551^ miles from the
sending station in Cornwall there were received on
•the Philadelphia the clearly distinguishable .words,
"All in order here." Beyond that distance the mes
.'sages became unintelligible, but signals continued to
be received until the ship reached a distance from the
station of 2009 miles.
MARCONI on his recent arrival in New York
told the members of the press who inter
viewed him: "In about three months we
s>hall be transacting commercial business between
England and America — that is, transmitting messages
of any kind between Cornwall and Cape Breton. Of
•course we will be competing with the cable compa
i.ics and they will not like it. There is no longer
any possible doubt about the practicability of the in
vention for trans-Atlantic business."
MARCONI'S PROMISE.
times Its cost, but declines to part with
Professor Genry says that clock col
lecting la the outgrowth of his need for
a change of labor following h!3 dally re
turn from his school work. He "declares
that the change of ideas gives him need
ed rest of mind and body.
It requires one hour and twenty-five
minutes each day to wind and adjust his
clocks. This task he ha3 reduced to a
system,, and any other person would per
. haps need double that time to perform
the work. There are clocks in practically
every room of the house.
Passing to his own sleeping apartment
he remarked, "Here are forty-three
clocks, and you may well wonder how a
person can sleep."
Seven strike the hour, eight strlko the
alarm at 5 a. m., the hour at which the
professor arises for tho day. * Two of
them discourse music, one playing,
"Home, Sweet Home."
An antique clock, 125 years old, has
? labaster columns supporting the d|t»l undt
¦ works. In" the parlor is a< "clock, . the
handiwork of his son. Dr. 'Allen B*. Gen-"
try of West Philadelphia, who never
i-erved an apprenticeship. It shows rara
genius in the maker.
Then there is the Angelus and a col
lection of cuckoo clock3. also a grand
father's clock over 100 years old,. marking
time as well as any in the house. Of sun
ulals there are several, one of pewter
bearing the dato 1778.
An astronomical clock, having one very
large dial, comprehending five smaller
ones, Professor Gentry says, cannot be
duplicated. He has been offered five
Of night clocks, primarily Intended for
use in the sickroom, there aro some ten
varieties. '.
A French make of the Louis XVI epoch
(a a beautiful piece of mechanism. . A
"Knight of Malta" clock is notable, as is
another timepiece with an elliptic spring
requiring to be wound but once each
month. :•¦'>:' '. '*¦*
Now we come to the Napoleon Bona
parte clock, which Head Sailing Master
Jones of a United States vessel brought
from St. Helena. This he presented to
his son, who in turn gave It to Mr. Gen
try.- • ¦ ¦ • • ; ¦ :¦ ¦•„
Then comes a choice collection of
Japanese manufacture. One of these
dates back 200 years. - No dial appears.
An upright slot, with Japanese figures at
the side to represent the hours, and an
indicator rising", for twelve hours and then
falling for a like period, supply the place
of a dial. Some of theso Japanese- clocks
require winding twice each day;. the oth
ers, but once in twenty- four hours. They
have many interesting features, viz., sec
ond hands represented as butterflies or
scissors, etc. ' "'
Perhaps the most notable clock Is ono
that requires winding but onca In 400 days.
It la small and would not attract atten
tion In a collection on salo In one of our
best stores. Covered with a glass globe,
it attends strictly to business for fha
period stated, having received Its energy
from the winding Just before midnight on
last New Year's eve.
dond. Here, ticking nway and ctHklng
the hours, are rtbout seventy-five clodka— ,•
tnough to distract tho average mind bent
upon study.
A. G. PLATT MAKES CERTAIN CAUSTIC CRITICISMS
OF ASSESSOR DODGE'S POLICY AND PUBLIC DUTY
WHEN the grandfather of
Thomas 0. Gentry, supervising
principal of the U. S.. Grant
School of PhtlO-dclnhln, was n
young benedict, living near
llolmpsburg, people determined the tlmo
of duy largely from the sun's position.
A notch on the door Jumb, across which
would fall a shadow on clear days, Indi
cated the hour of high noon. Clocks were
luxuries, and luxuries were known to but
few homes.
Ono day a Yankee peddler, with an
amazing array of clocks In his wagon,
Induced Grandfather Gentry to tako ono
on trial.
This clock, with Us machinery of wood,
now occupies an honored place In the,
homo of Professor Gentry. Its correct
ness in Indicating,.- timo equals many of
tho best of modern make.
But Gentry has not allowed that old
grandfather's clock to suffice ' him. No
doubt with the trite saying, "Time Is
money," In mind, he has continued buy
ing, until now he has 225 clocks In his
home. They are of u.ll sorts and sizes,
ycung clocks and very old ones, native
and foreign.
Professor Gentry is not a "crank" ex
cept on clocks. As an author of several
books, chiefly on bird life, and as a col
lector of minerals, ho is well known
among specialists. 'One of his . • works*.
"Nests and Eggs of Birds of the United
States," has sixty-two colored plates.
His' wonderful collection of clocks dis
closes rare tasto and wisdom— not a hap
hazard lot. These have been gathered
lrom high-class stores, smaller stores and
junk Bhops. Not \ tho place but the article
has decided the purchase.
On tho second floor in tho rear is his
largo library, where his literary work is
, VndtfaHBOfi THOMAS 0. GENTRY OF PHILADELPHIA, WHO HAS TUB
,)"' ''OttHATEST CLOCK COLLECTION IN THE WOULD, IN TUB ACT Of
WINDING THEM, AND A FEW O1A HIS 1NTEKEBTINO TIMEPIECES.
To Califorrtians it may ecem strange that .issues of
this kind have to be argued over time after time. It
is, however, not easy to educate publip opinion on a
subject to which it is comparatively indifferent. Cam
paigns of popular education arc always long and
sometimes tiresome. This one, however,, is going
forward at' last with' gratifying 1 speed. Indeed it is
not improbable that the irrigation bill may be passed
by the/present; Congress's./, '['<.,>¦ ¦¦¦''> ; •. ,
Noting the Eastern objection to voting money out
of the national treasury for the enterprise, Mr. New
lands says the bill now pending before Congress pro
vides for establishing an arid-land reclamation fund
out of the receipts from sales of lands in the arid re
gion, . and adds: "In this way a revolving fund
is created out of the sale of the .lands reclaimed,
which is applied to new"work,and thus, in the end,
the West will reclaim itself. The Secretary of the In
terior can make no contract for irrigation works un
less the moneys therefor are in thd fund. Thus the
arid region will be reclaimed without taxation of the
general public." /
One of the points upon- which the Eastern people
most need enlightenment is" that relating to the effect,
the opening up of the ncWarea .'for home-seekers will
have upon Eastern •farrfteVs.:*Over : and over again it
has been said that the irrigation of arid lands will
serve no other purpose than that , of ; encouraging
competition to the East and injuring Eastern landed
interests. Upon that issue Mr. Newlands says: "It
might as well be contended that the people of the
original thirteen States suffered from Western de
velopment as that_,the eighty, millions of people now
occupying this country wilf suffer from the develop
ment of the arid region.' The arid 'region will simply
furnish a market for Eastern. manufactures' and East
ern products. It will not^c'orripcte with' the' Eastern
or Middle Western farms, .because, in the northern
part of the arid region cultivation will be confined
almost entirely to alfalfa, wfyich is very useful in the
fattening of cattle, and in the southern region culti
vation will be confined largely to the citrus fruits and
other products of a ; semi-tropical character.' It has
only to be. borne in mind that the' entire, area capable
of reclamation does not exceed 60,000,000 acres, and
that this area will only equal the' area of the two
States of Idwa and Illinois. If a nation of a few
millions of people did not suffer from the develop
ment of Iowa and Illinois, how can it be contended
for a moment that a country with 80,000,000 of peo
ple can suffer from the development of the arid re
gion?" 'i-s^S '':.¦ ' ¦ "''¦' '-'\-
REPRESENTATIVE NEWLANDS of Nev
ada has contributed- to the New York^Timcs .,
an instructive article on "Irrigation in the •
West," which will doubtless have a good effect in
educating Eastern public opinion on the subject. Mr.
Newlands, from his leng service in Washington, is
familiar with objections made- by Eastern Represen
tatives to the policy of irrigation, and he is therefore
able to direct hit argument especially to this points
on which the JSnst needs enlightenment. In that re
gpeet his nrtlcle is r valuable contribution to the dl«
cugfiimrof the subject nnd may,;, prove even more
effective thnn »\ipeech in the Ifquse Itself, ', ''.>'¦ \
, The flrut (miio with which tlie writer (tefljiHnlifit
relied by the ciiiemlon, "What, rf«1it Jins the West to
demand Govefhinent aid In this matter? 1 ' . JI&>aij«
sweri simply that the Goiernnieiit 'Is tlit uwiier of ai«
most all tha nrld lundg, haviiig.ln' Us pdisscsslon of
arid find gemi-arkl Itiiuls upward of 600,000,000 neres}
Hint It Is' the duty of thd Government to lit' tills land .
for settlement and cultivation, by., conserving the
wow and Jlood waters and coiistrit.ctjng such ditches
and canals as are necessary to bring water within
reach of settlers, In making: such. improvements the.
Government will not be wasting money, nor giving:
it away, for the lands when improved wiil be more'
valuable than in their present condition. Moreover,
the work cannot be or'tfcortomically done
by private parties. It is therefore strictly a govern
mental task, one which is in the truest sense national,"
since it will benefit the East as well as the West.
EDUCATING THE EAST.
" Among other, reason's assigned by President Eliot
of Harvard for ( s*ranting?a degree to Prince Henry, is
that his grandmother 'was; -Queen Victoria, and if
that recommendation counts' consistently j Harvard _
will have to g<jt out diplomas'by the wholesale, for,'
the venerable find royal lady had a numerous off: .
spring, and her grandchildren : are many. ; . -
At the Buffalo Fair the State Board of Trade dis
tributed 1 a* pamphlet which reveals the richness of
these small holdings in statements signed by their
owners. One 20-acrc peach orchard nets $2500; an
other of 40 acres' $4000; another of Go acres, which
its owner started with only $400 is valued
now at $13,000, and though not all in action nets
$3500 per year. Hundreds of such cases arc cited and
of course represent thousands of others that are not
given. Similar opportunities await the industrious
immigrant to the Sacramento and San Joaquin val
leys all over this northern region, and if made known
will soon bring it up to the results achieved by en
terprise .and. advertising in Southern California.
The foothill couiitk?, like Plncer, In a group com
posed of lliar fine county nml Afuiulor, CnlaverHS, 151
Dorado, Maripoita, Nevada and Tuolumne, shew an
increase in 'ten year? of li per cent, or more than
twice that of* the valley. One reason for this may be
*ccn in passing through Placer from Rocklin to. Col
fax, where the small holdings lie on both sides oi the
railroad, cultivated in the most beautiful and fruitful
orchards nnd vineyards in the world, each supporting
a family under the finest of climatic and productive
conditions. In all this northern region a farm of
from twenty to forty acres is all that a family can
farm intensively, and its returns are abundant.
An examination of the daily record of temperature
shows a scarcely appreciable difference between San
Francisco and San Diego, though .they arc more
than five hundred miles apart. , An inspection of the
products by counties thows the same* variety in asso
ciation from Los Annclcs to Buttc. Cereal grains
and citrus fruits, the olive, fig and pomegranate,
ilourish throughout the State, and arc physical tes
timony to tlic same clemency of climate everywhere.
Vet, .'as., the" master motive of- migration hither from
Uie East' is to escape- the rigors of winter and the
humid 'heat", 'of summer, Northern California . is
avoided 'because its geographical situation is sup
posed to imply^thc same climatic conditions that pre
vail in the sfrriVc latitude cast of the Missouri River.
This is one reason why the Sacramento" Valley in
•creascd only 5 '"per cent, in population in the decade
1890-1900; the San ijoaquin,'. being farther south, in
creased 13 per cent, and Southern 52 per
<Jc?nt, lured by the adjective "southern." ' 1
•'• 'As far as the Sacramento Valley is concerned there
were other causes, local in their nature) including
llt'hd tenure, the persistence of wheat growing, the
luck of proper advertisement of resources, the need
of irrigation and the indisposition to report to inten*
mvp (Arming. Many of these eatues nre parsing
iiway. The lurge Innd-holdlngs ore being broken up.
There I* growing attention to Irrigation, mid the
whole valley pfoml&ei to profit by the exnmnle of
one of it «t countlcij Yolo, which Is the richest rural
county in the 'United Stales. ,
THE new movement to bring.into notice the
merits and capacities of what is called Northern
California is timely and necessary. The divi
sion of the State by points of the compass and calling
it Southern and Northern California' has produced
abroad an entirely mistaken impression. The mind
associates clemency of climate with the south and
rigor with the north. In this State such distinction
docs not exist. The whole State is .wintcrlcss and
has practically the same climate from San Diego to
Shasta. ¦ .A^-"'.
FORTY-THREE CLOCKS TICKING
AND STRIKING LULL HIM TO SLEEP
, Among the good qualities"of the race from a labor
point of view arc docility, patience and a high ar
tistic faculty, accompanied by a remarkable quickness
in learning new, arts. ; In the development of these
qualities .lie the industrial hopes of the republic.
Better education will. probably induce the acquire
ment of desires for higher conditions of life, and'
when "these are strong enough to overcome the
natural contentment of the people we may expect
Mexico to 'attam;a^h»gh- standard .-of, 'labor' nnd; of',
civilization. •" \
pcrttiins to walking yor. carrying, they. arc. remarkably
efficient. When on the march Mexican soldiers fre
quently make over thirty miles a day.and marches of
forty-five miles for infantry and fifty-five miles for
cavalry arc not rare.:.; 1 .
PROMOTING THE STATE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 8,^ 1902.
6
AUVULMLinii.
«'..1utfiMii— "Af 1*3*18,"
< irpbtMm^- A'audpvlllft '
'¦ini'i «H|iPM».h')Oi!i»-^"A ftiOttbtpd Wnhiftli '' i
j-iP- hrff Thpl^lr^— "Th* I'fehch ilald," , .,'•,-<•
¦i «tif(,r»iJ»-^^tu|«prt>if .fleHlkbti.'"
T<roll-*f"Th«» PPK-tiade." '
• Vntml — "The l.«flM Ptrokn." j ¦ •' ';
AUflrat— "At Hip Wilte llflrns Tavern."
<"liutri>, 7,oo and- ThPatrr — VaudevUl^ every afternoon and
rventn*. i I
Metrnpnlltan Itull-^-Knitna Nevada, thin arternoon.
Fhcrman-CI«r ji«H- — 1'iano necital thin afternoon.
Phprtnan-Olajr Hall — K"iie Hn iinl, Tuesday night, March 11.
Woodwurd'a ravillon — Winter Circus.
Oakland Hacelrack — Races to-day.DEAD INFANT . FOUND— The body of a
newly born male Infant was found yesterday
morning wrapped in paper under a tree in
Golden Gate Park, off the main drive, at the
Masonic-avenue entrance. The child had been
allowed to bleed to death. An inquest will
be held. '•¦••-' - . : ¦ - ;
Every day during^ March and April the Santa
Fe will Bell .one way tickets from Boston, New
York, Philadelphia,' Washington, PitUburg.
' Cincinnati, • Buffalo, • Chicago, Kansas City,- St.
Louis and all other Points in the East at the
lowest rates fever made one way to the .Pacific
Coast. If you ¦ have friends to come put your
.money in th© hands' of any Santa • Fe Agent,
who will arrange for the trip.
Cheap Bates to California.
i The Supervisors' . Hospital Committee
yesterday expressed itself in favor of a
proposed ordinance- lessening the numtfer
of hours of labor for drug clerks and pro
hibiting them from sleeping in rooms at
tached to the pharmacy. J. J. Crowley,
a* member of , the State Board of Pharm
acy, urged the passage of the bill, which
wtll. however, be redrafted before final
action of the committee. =¦»•;¦« .
Shorter Hours f or^ Drug Clerks.
To-Bay's News Letter.
"The Last Act" is the title of a strong
reali&tic story by Grace Luce Irwin in to
day's News Letter. "Social: Frauds I
Have Known," by Minnie F. Maxwell-
Thornton, is extremely interesting. "Civ
ilizing Filipinos With Amateur Vaude
ville," by W. O.. McGeehan, is an amus
ing account of an entertainment given- at
I>si Carlotta. Negros, by members of the
First. California Regiment. > "Marjorie
Dines" is a charming little Bohemian
sketch, and "The Great American Cock
tail" is a sample of some of Wallace Ir
wln's best verse. "The Kissing Microbe"
is a pleasing satire, and "At Henry's" is
a touching tale of low life. The Town
Crier is especially hard on the unworthy,
and the Looker-On is, full of good gossip.
The other departments are alive with en
tertaining reading matter. ?
The Iroqiiols Club.of San Francisco mst
last night at its 'headquarters, In Pythian
Castle, I 909 .Market . street. Resolutions
were passed to;. the effect that all appli
cations for membership to the club must
be accompanied by the 50 cents for the
first month's dues or be rejected. The
president was .empowered to appoint a
committee (of five to seek larger quarters,
so . that Uie , club might be permanently
housed. After the regular business of the
evening, T.:Carl. Spelling gave a lecture
on "Monopolies and . Trusts." He stated
that trusts were intolerable and a detri
ment to the working classes and said it
sliould be . the duty of the Democratic
party to work hard that it might elect Its
candidates In both the State and national
elections coming and | eradicate theje
great aggregations of capital.
lectures • 6n<Monopolies and Trusts.
"Our Brother Regents," Guy C. Karl, pre
senting the guest of honor, Mr. Wheeler, who
acknowledged the toast In a few happy re
marks; "Official Greetings of the Fraternity,"
Gaillard Stoney; "The University," C. M. Bake
well; song. "Friar of Orders Gray," Whitney
Palache; "The Active Chapter," A. S. Bunnel;
"Rushing and Spiking," J. E. Beard; "The
Fraternity in General," W. E. Dennlson. Those
present ¦were: Albert C. Aiken, William D.
Armes, Walter B. Bakewell, W. E. Bates, J.
C. Beard. Benjamin Bake well, J. P. Blanton.
H. B. 'Blanton. J. W. L. Boone, Walter N.
Bush, C. M. Bakewell, Walter S. Brann, F.
W. Dell, K. McBoyle, W. L. Brown, A. S. Bun
nel, Herman Behr, George E. Coldwell, Wil
liam W. Deamer, W.- E. Dennlson, George ¦ H.
Dunning, J. Warren Dutton. Guy C. Earl,
George E. EJirlght. Oliver Ellsworth, Charles
J. Evans. J7 K. Fisk, George R. Greenleaf,
Clay P. Goodlng, William H. Gorrill. R. T.
Harding, L.. G. Harrier, J. E. Hall, S. C.
Hodge, Edward T. Houghton, M. R. Jones,
Carl R. Jones, L. K.. Kennedy, Charles Keeler,
William A. Magee, H. C. Mofflt. E. Del03
Magee, Thomas G. McConkey, H: B. Montague,
William Olney, Warren Olney Jr., Whitney
Palache, S. H. Phelan, W. J. PItchford, Regi
nald H. Parsons, Purcell Rowe, S. S. Sanborn,
C. O. Sanford, Donzel Stoney,* Edward H.
Stearns, Gaillard Stoney, R. T. Stratton, Oscar
N. Taylor. F. C. Turner, H. S. Van Dyke, F.
B. Vrooman, E. P. Vandercook, Harmon Wick
eon. Otto T. Wedemeyer, Frederick E. Magee,
T. M. Olney.
The annual banquet of the University
of California Chapter of, the Beta Theta
Pi Fraternity was held last night in one
of the downtown restaurants. The guest
of honor was the well known attorney,
Charles S. Wheeler, recently appointed a
member of the board of regents of the
university, who is one of the most promi
nent members of the Beta Chapter at
Berkeley, and who has always been
particularly popular for his continued in
terest in fraternity and university mat
ters since his graduation in 1884.
An unusually large attendance of new
and old "college boys" celebrated with
choruses, jokes, college yells, and songs
by a quartet. - The table was decorattd
with daffodils and violets for the univer
sity colors and violets and fruit blos
soms for the fraternity colors. The feast
was presided over by Charles H. Bentley,
and the following toasts were resopnded
to:
Hester H. Bennett, aged 17 years, who
has been, missing from her home at 1478
Valencia' street since February 27, was "lo
cated yesterday' by a Call reporter at the
home of her friend, Miss Jennie Torrey,
657 Linden street, Oakland. The girl was
surprised. into admitting her identity, and
subsequently explained that she had left
home because sne had some trouble with
her mother.' She said her home ¦was not
pleasant and she preferred to live in Oak
land, where she expects to obtain employ
ment Monday.
When Miss Bennett left home she told
her mother she was going to the United
States laundry in search of work. Later
in xhe day her- mother received a letter
signed with her daughter's name, stating
that she' hact gone to Oakland and was
working for .the Hickmott Can Company.
The fact • that the letter was not in her
daughter's handwriting aroused Mrs. Ben
nett'd suspicions and she sent a friend of
the tanilly to Oakland to bring the girl
home.. He -was told at the Hickmott Can
Companyts establishment that there was
no such person employed there and at the
Torrey residence he was told that Miss
Bennett 'haa" not been there. This latter
statement has now been disproved.
Thoroughly ''alarmed and fearful that
her daughter might have met a fate sim
ilar to that, of Nora Fuller, Mrs. Bennett
notified the police, who have. been search
ing for the- girl for several days past.
Miss Bennett said she would pay her
mother -a- visit .to-day to allay the anx
iety over her disappearance.
Found With Friends
in Oakland. .
Runaway Hester Bennett
Regent C. S. Wheeler
Is the Guest of
Honor.
MISSING GIRL
IS DISCOVERED
BETA THETA PI
ENJOYS BANQUET
THE members of San Francisco
Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2 of the
Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows will, for the first time, give
a masquerade ball for the enter
tainment of the Rebekahs and their
friends. This will be on x the evening of
the 13th lnst., in Union-square Hall, and
as it is to be only for .those to whom in
vitations will be Issued by members of
The corps' c6mmittee of arrangements,
consisting • of . Cora Opsvlg (chairman),
Marguerite Derby, Ella Campbell, Jennie
Wright,. Mabel . Williams and _. Alma
Johnson, have arranged to give prizes to
the best dressed lady and gentleman, to
the' best -sustained characters, to the
most original characters and to the best
group. The corps will take part in the
grand march attired in their very attrac
tive costume of black, with white trim
mings. The drill corps is made up of the
prettiest i members of the ladies' branch
of the Odd Fellows, and they are as well
drilled-.as many of the best military or
ganizations of the city.
Alma Johnson, Minnie Brown, Marguerite
Derby, Rita Meacham, Maud Finger, . Cora
Qp'svlg,' Mabel Williams,' Amy W«bb, Ada
Bernhelmer, ..Eola M. Cyrus, Jennie Wright,
Maud Hoslarider, Nellie Reckel, Annie Clemo,
Edith Hawthorne-, Christine Power, Bertha
Henley and Minnie Robinson.
the organization, It promises to be a very
pleasant function. The officers of the
corps are Captain Allis Parker, Lieuten
ant Ella Campbell and Ensign Mattie
Webb. The-members are:
' CHAIRMAN OF REBEKAH DRILL
CORPS .COMMITTEE. ON AR
RANGEMENTS FOR BALL.
Divorces were also granted yesterday to
Eugenia Luceani from Angelo Luceani,
for desertion; Mary F. Graham from
Arthur W. Graham, for desertion; Agne3
D. Seaman from George B. Seaman, for
desertion; Julia Nolan from Michael No
lan, for cruelty, and Alice Campbell from
George Campbell, for neglect.
* Mary McDonald was granted a divorce
from' Thomas McDonald, an ex-fireman,
yesterday, by Judge Hunt. McDonald ad
mitted beating his wife . when asked,
"Did you beat your wife, as she' alleges
in her complaint, and blacken her eye?"
"Yes," he growled. "I gave her a pair
of them."
"Take, your decree, madam," said his
Honor.
Ida B. Marsh and George H. Marsh,
who were married at Oakland in Novem
ber, 1900, have not lived together since
July 25, 1901. Mrs. Marsh tiring of being
tied to a husband she never sees filed a
suit for divorce yesterday, alleging failure
to provide and desertion.
Suits for divorce were also filed by Sol
omon Smith against Frances Smith, for
desertion, and Samuel Whaley against
Rachel Whaley, for cruelty.
The ex-husbands who failed to obey the
order of the court directing them to pay
the spouses from whom they were di
vorced $10 per month alimony, were ad
monished by Judge Kerrigan yesterday
and given one week in which to make
the payments they had neglected. George
McCalvey, a Deputy Assessor, whose wife
secured a divorce from him in 1898, and
who was behind several months in his
payments, was one of the offenders. The
second one called to account was William
H. Shayer. Mrs. Shayer, who has three
children, told the court that Shayer- had
only paid her $5 since she secured her di
vorce in June last. ¦ Shayer, who has
taken unto himself a second wife, was
told in very forcible language by the
court that a speedy amending of his ways
would save him from considerable bother
in the future. /
Minnie Whitmore Is suing C. D. Whit
more, to whom she was married at Sac
ramento six years ago, for divorce on the
grounds of failure to provide and deser
tion.
Other Wives Make Complaint.
Artemesia Beban, who was married to
Lewis Beban in 1892 filed a suit for. di
vorce yesterday. She alleges that her
husband deserted her March 17, 1900, and
that since that time he has failed to pro
vide for her. Beban, his wife alleges,
earns a salary of $130 per month, and can
easily spare her $30 of that sum for the
support of herself and minor child.
White wanted a young wife, and perused
the columns of a matrimonial paper to
find one that would suit him. There he
saw the advertisement of Louise Bogan, a
pretty stenographer, residing on Tehama
street. He told the spirits he had at last
found his divinity. The "spirits" con
ferred and informed him that they were
satisfied with his choice. White, though
an old man, is not a laggard in love' af
fairs, and after receiving the consent of
the spirits he hastened to Miss Bogan' s
address and the marriage followed. The
wedding took place in February, 1898, and
after a honeymoon trip to Mexico, White
seemed to forget all about his friends of
the other world, and Mrs. White, for a
time, was happy.
Last year his yearning for "communion"
with the spirits returned and he. sought
them, or their earthly representatives.
His wife objected strenuously, but he
persisted and finally left her in Decem
ber of last year. Mrs. White then deter
mined to sue for divorce. .
"Wanted a Young Wife.
The plaintiff, who is about half the age
of her nuaband, says tnat the show of
"amatory anu affectionate regard" dis
played by White and the medium at their
intercommunions was disgusting, and eo
preyed lipon her feelings that she suf
iered "great mental anguish."'
Mrs. White estimates tnat her, husband
is worth $50,000, and says that he is well
able to make a liberal allowance for her
support ¦ . , ,
'rhis is White's second matrimonial
venture, and like the first it is a failure.
The first wife procured a divorce after
a sensational suit several years ago, and
one-half -of White's property went with
the decree. He still nas enough wealth,
however, to hold a place. among the eli
gibles. The spirits had a great deal .to do
with the union which Mrs. White says
they are now breaking up. ' - •. ¦
WJiite, after being divorced, spent a
great deal of his time with a Stockton
street medium. The spirits advised- him
to marry again. The description of the
bride-to-be tallied with that of the me
dium. White was perfectly willing to
marry, but the description of his prospect
ive better-half did not suit. him.
Says Medium Is Affectionate.
If George D. White, the cattle lefng,
would only .keep away from a certain
spiritualistic medium his wife, Louisa,
would be a contented woman, but unfor
tunately he seems to have a penchant for
things unearthly. For relief from her
troubles Mrs. White has sought the aid
of the divorce courts. She filed a com
plaint yesterday containing a long tirade
against "White and a certain woman,
Mrs. White terms a spiritualist. She al
leges that her husband will not live in
a houfse without -a spirituaiist, and,
strange to relate, the representative of
trie cult must be a woman. Mrs. White
objects to the ••intercommunion" which
sne &ays the medium, ana her husband en-
Joy on the grounu ihat it is always en
joyea secretly. She alleges that she tried
to break in upon the seances several times
but was always refused admission. .
Alleges That Her Husband Is
Entirely Too Attentive
. to a Medium.
Wife of Cattle King Com
mences Suit for a
Divorce.
SPIRITS BRING
WHITE TROUBLE
REBEKAH DRILL CORPS
WILL APPEAR IN MASKS
Some of the Prettiest: Women of Ladie^'
Branch of Independent , Order of ; Odd
Fellpws^to Venture in Fancy Costumes
LEAVES ESTATE
TO HIS CHILDREN
Will of the Late George
D. Bliss Is Filed for
Probate.
Are Disposed Of by the
Document.
*
Many "Ranches in This State
The will of George D. Bliss, the wealthy
stockman and rancher who died in this
city February 22 last, was filed for pro
bate yesterday by George D. Bliss Jr.. a
son of the deceased. Bliss also applied
for letters of administration upon the es
tate, Richard O' Neil, who, with Bliss,
was' named as executor, having waived
his right tOi serve. The deceased left an
estate, worth upward of $1,000,000, almost
entirely to his children, all of whom,
with the exception of one son. live in this
city. One of his daughters is the wife of
Jeremiah Sullivan, the well known at
torney, and the other the widow of a
former Mayor of San Jose.
The first clause of the will of the de
ceased is as follows:
• I do expressly declare that no widow, child
or children of my son John O. Bliss shall have
or receive anything whatever from my estate.
The names of all those who could legally share
in my estate if I died intestate are my wife,
Martha S. Bliss, who is now dead, and my five
children— Helen M. Sullivan, wife of J. F. Sul
livan; Annie Bliss Rucker, wife of James T.
Rucker; Harriet L. Hermann, wife of George
Hermann; George D. Bliss Jr. and Richard O.
Bliss.
To Mrs. Sullivan and Mrs. Rucker is
left two-thirds of the "L. C." ranch in
Tulare, with, that proportion of the water
rights, shares in water and water com
panies of Tulare (with the exception of
the shares in the Farmers' Ditch Com
pany). The remaining one-third of these
properties is left to former Judge Sulli
van in trust for Mrs. Hermann, with this
provision:
If my Bald daughter, Mrs. Hermann, shall
cease to be the wife of said George Hermann,
before her death, then and in that event the
property embraced In said trust shall vest In
fee simple absolute to my said daugther.
To his sons, George D. Bliss Jr., . and
Richard O. Bliss, he leaves the Merced
and Madera County ranches, George to
act as trustee for his brother until Rich
ard reaches the age bf 25 years. To theso
sons the testator also leaves all his land,
water rights and other property in Hum
boldt County, "Nevada.
Harriet L. Bennett, a sister of the de
ceased. Is left an annuity of $300. The
residue of the estate is left to the five
children, share and share alike.
CLEVER VIOLINIST GIVES
A. STJCCESSFTJL CONCEET
Miss Leonora Jackson Is Heard
Again After an Absence of More
Than a Year.
Leonora Jackson, the violinist, was
heard again last night at Metropolitan
Temple, after a year's absence. Only a
small house greeted Miss Jackson and
her associates, though the violinist is
much better worth hearing than she was
a year ago. She played charmingly last
night. She has gained largely in
breadth and sympathy and gave a ren
dering of the Vieuxtemps D minor Con
certo that had a veritable dramatic ac
cent. Her tone, always large, is warmer,
and she has a delightful violin that shows
to prettiest advantage Miss Jackson's
lirm and graceful technique.
Miss Jackson is assisted this time by
Mr. Bauer, pianist, and Harry J. Fellows,
tenor. Mr. Bauer accompanies with
credit to himself and pleasure to the au
dience, but as a soloist is not remarkable.
Mr. Fellows would sing well if he had a
better voice, his little Irish song, encore
to the Gomez "Boat Song," being pleas
rntly and competently sung. The pro
gramme Included the following numbers:
Polonaise from "Le Bal"; Boat Sons from
Opera "Sal vat or Rosa." Mr. Fellows; Concert
No. 4, D minor (by request) (Vleuxtemps), (a)
Introduction and Cadenza. (b)Adagio Heligloso,
<c) Allegro Marzials. Hiss Jackson; (a) Pre
lude (Russian), (b) Etincelles, Mr.. Bauer; (a)
Andante Religioso, (b)Humoresque, (c) The
Swan. <d) Zephyr, Miss Jackson; (a) The Sere
nade, (b) Melne Llebe 1st Grun, (c) The Sweet
est Flower, Mr. Fellows; Gipsy Fantaisie. Miss
Jackson.
Xi±J!2 " &AJN JjHA^UISCO CAI/JV » AT U ±i JJ A V , 31AKCH 8, 1902. "»
7
' 0CBA:N TBAVEIi.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V Steamers leave .. Broadway
tV. "Wharf , . San Francisco:
VgpSjNfsv For • Ketchikan, Juneau.
Hftfi^Sr— _ Skagway, etc.. Alaska— 11
KpfertpSi a.m., March 7, 12, 17, 22. 27,
' EflbJSSNSil April 1. Change to com-
i KffS?vL<3a1 pany's steamers at Seattle.
f^tBfS&Smiaft For Victoria, Vancouver.
If. '^HBBhBI Port .Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
'coma, Everett." New What-
com— 11 a m.T March 7, 12, 17, 22. 27. April 1.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N Ry.; at Seattle, or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldf Bay)— 1^0 p. m..
March 8. 13. IS, ;23. 28. April 2. •
For San Diego, stopping only at feanta
Barbara, Port Los - Angeles and Redondo
(Los Angeles)— Spokane. Sundays, 9 a..m.;
State' of California.- "Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles., calling at Santa" Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Ventura.
Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport ('Bonlta only). .
Bonita. 9 a. m.. March 7. 15. 23, 31. April 8.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.) March 19, 27, April -4.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and. GuaVmas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., March 9,
and 7th of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right" is reserved to change . steamers or
sailing dates;
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
—FOB
SENATOR .;..":....; JUNE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA JUNE 7
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA "and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively - connect with above steamers. Ths
steamships Senator and State ,of California
ir.ade regular trips to Nome last year, land-
trjc all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. - Fdr passenger rates apply
Ticket Office-, • 4 New Montgomery st. (Palacs
H (SOODALL, PERKINS."* CO.. Cenl. A*ent«.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R.& N. CO,
Only Steamship Xjimio «o
Ego PORTLAND," Or.,
And Short Rail . Ltns frcm Portlani t-» nil
points East. • Through Ticka** to all
points, nil rail or steamship and rail, a!
LCWTEST RATES.
8TBAKER TICKETS HTCLUDl! BSaTH anl MEALS.
ES COLUMBIA Salla...Mar...4. .14,' 24.' April 3
SS." GEO W. ELDER Sails
;¦ "..... .Feb. 27: Mar. 9. 19, 29. April 8
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st-, 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y. S.F.
0amburg*&merican.
TWIN-SCREW BXPRR«S SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
A. Victoria .iApr. 10 ( F, Bismarck. . . .May 1
Deutschland ..: Apr. 17 1 Columbia ......May 8
TWIN- CREW PA 3-fSGrR ERV1CB.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Pretoria .....:. Mar. 15 1 Moltke .'. : . : .: . Mar. 29
Patricia .~. ...Apr. 5l\Valdersee .....Apr. 12
Hamburg-American Line, i} 7 R'way. IN. Y.
HERZOG &. CO., Gen."Agts. for.Pac. Coast,
40f Calif ornia st.
Get one cake of jt.
Nobody ever stops at a
cake.
Pears' soap for toilet,
bath and shaving.
Sold all over the -world.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Slid Americana (h.Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. sier 10, 12 m.-.
PALENA ....March 12 TUCAPEL ....April 19
SANTIAGO ..March 28 GUATEMALA
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
nassenger office, 31(5 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY,
' ' Crocker building.
Operating stage lines between Illarana Bay
and above points. . - . - -- :
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON. "
St. Paul, Mar. 12,10 ?•.m[Phlladel.,Mar.2tt,lO aji
St. Louis.Mar.lft.lOamlSt. Paul. Apr.'2, 10 am
, 3EUE1X7 : STAB. XjXJM JS.
: NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Vaderland, Mar.12.noon Haverford. Mar.2ti.noon
Kens' gton, Mar.lO.nooiilFnesland, Aur. 2, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. 30 Montgomery st.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A WOMAN TO BE PRETTY
Must Have Luxuriant and Glossy
Hair, No Matter What Color.
The fln^t contour of a female face, the
sweetest smile of a female mouth, loses
something if the head is crowned with
scant hair. Scant and falling hair, it is
now known, is caused by a parasite that
burrows into the scalp to the root of the
hair, where it saps the vitality. The. little
white scales the germ throws up in bur-
rowing are called dandruff. To cure dan-
druff permanently, then, and to stop fall-
ing hair, that germ must be killed. New-
bro's HerpicWe. an entirely new result of
the chemical laboratory, destroys the dan-
druff germ, and. of course, stops the fall-
ing hair and cures baldness.
AMXJSEMS.'WTa.
METROPOLITAN HALL
MATINBE TO-DAY.
Last appearance here — The peerless diva
MME.'EMMA
/ And Supporting Artist*.
A SUPERB PROGRAMME.
Seats now en sale at Sherman & Clay's.
Tuesday, March 11. Oakland — Wednesday,
March 12. Vallejo.
WINTELJIRGDS !
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
— Valencia and Fourteenth Sts.—
Entire Change of Bill,
A MASTODONIC AGGREGATION OF
SYNDICATED SHOWS.
STARTLING ARENA FEATS.
GREAT DUNBAR TRIO.
SUPERB TROOP OF TRAINED ANIMALS.
ADMISSION 25 Cts. CHILDREN 10 Cta.
RACING
m^^filSSt^^{f^ t very Day—
*&T Rain or Shins*
NcW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUrf
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at' 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Berry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to . the
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no amoklng. Buy your
ferry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. AUo all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteentn
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
eo direct to the track In fifteen minute*.'
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
r8Ce 'THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr.
OCEAN" TBAVEL.
%te^ NOME
HfeHIlSl SAILINGS.
\\TOftiJffigBP»— THE FIBST CLASS
\\\ S.S. PORTLAND
VA WILL SAIL FOB
Leavlns. Sam Francisco April Vfih
Leaving Seattle, April 26th
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
645 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.. Pn«at
Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo ¦ received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARC
Friday. March 21st. 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday, April 15th, 1003
ES. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight .and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
V. H. AVERT. General Agent.
occanics.sxo.SsKa
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, March 8. 2 p. m.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. March 20. 10 a.m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti :
Saturday. March 29. 10 a. m.
J. D. SPftCXElS & BEOS. CO., e«srai igints. 327 Marion SI
Een'l Pasungar Oifts. 643 Hartat St, fiar Ha, 1. PaaSc It
PANAMA R. R. I HS?
TO NEW YOBK* VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
- Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails' Monday, Map. 17
8. S. Leelanaw calls Monday, Mar. 24
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday. April 29
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
- V. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
compkmi:; ce.hsiuvs ibinsatlantujbj
UtKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^*.*j— .
bailing every Thursday, instead oC •fiPRjiCzSI
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. JnWWrW
North -River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AQENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). N«w
York. . J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents.' 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY "AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FijirpNAYrYARD AND YALLFJ3
Steuners. GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
l>:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 3:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. S>:45 a. m.. 9:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Far* 50
cents. ; Telephone Main 150s. Landing and
office, pier 2. Miwlon-streat dock. HATCH
EltOS. ¦ v .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(5BBR^ *6^ES9 V^93^ O J5R3fc ffSEi £T*^^^h S5^& ! t 35* vS
Miss Gertrude Williams, Chaplain of
.'Woman's Christian Association of
Detroit, and Two Other Women,
Tell How Lydia E.~ Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
Cures Periodic Suffering.
• While no woman Is entirely free from periodical suffering, it does not seem
' to have been, the plan of nature that woman should suffer so severely. Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable) Compound is the most thorough female regu-
lator known to medical science.. It relieves the condition which produces so
much discomfort and robs menstruation of its terrors.
¦ i - . ¦ , ¦» ¦««-»--
MISS GERTRUDE TVTUJAMS.' _ -
"DtaBMRsr Pinkham:— and dear friend, for such your tnedictn©
has proved to me; *a friend in need is a friend indeed.' For several
years I suffered from Menorrhagia, or profuse and painful menstruation,
until my vitality was well nigh gone, and a3 a fast resort I took sir '
bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and was re-
stored to health, to. the.. surprise of my. friends, . and I now sing its
praises. Gratefully yours, Miss Gerteude Williams, 75 Columbia St.,
West Detroit, Mich.". - ;; : %l f;
Two - More Sufferers * Relieved.
!-! Dejlb Mrs. Pixkham : — I had " Dsab Mbs. Ptskham : —I write
been a sufferer of suppression of the to let you know how thankful I
menses from girlhood, always appear- feel toward you and your remedies,
ing after time and causing 1 great pain Words cannot express the benefit I
compelling me to keep my bed.! I have received from Jjydia E. Pink-
tried a number of doctors but without ham's Vegetable Compound. I
relief. Having read so many testi- had been troubled with my periods
monies about the good Liyclia E. being very irregular and painful, also
Pinkham's Vegetable Com- suffered with my back and kidneys,
pound had done, I decided to try it. but now I feel like a new woman. I
After using only one bottle *I' felt cheerfully recommend your remedies
much better. I continued^its use and to any, one suffering as I was."—
the health and strength that I have Mrs. James Cox, 528 Washington, St.,
to-day I feel I owe to _ you." — Mbs. Camden, N. J.' .
Chas. B. Gill, 1013 Winter St., Phil-
adelphia, Pa.
Women who are troubled with painful or irregular menstruation,
backache, bloating (or, flatulence), leucorrhcea, falling, inflammation or
ulceration of the uterus, ovarian troubles, that "bearing-down" feeling,
dizziness, f aintness, indigestion, nervous prostration or the blues, should
take immediate action. to ward off the serious consequences, and be
restored to perfect health and' strength by taking Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, and then write to Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Masa n
for further free, advice. .Thousands have been cured by so doing.
UlrflftA REWARD.- We h»re deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000,
V kll I which will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letters
¦ a. 1 9 * re not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
WyVVVy mission. Lydia S. Finkham Medicine Co., Lynn. Man.
A2IT7SE&ENT&.
fiSr meat r ff>AT
Bf laeco & Thall. Managers.
LAST TW0"nICHTS!
OUIl LATEST SUCCESS.
White Horse Tavern
A Big Production of a Clever Play.
Beautiful Alpine Scenery — Great Cast.
Seats on Sale 6 Days in Advance.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c. 5Oo and 75c
Monday— "A COAT OF MANY COLORS."
matinejTto-day.
TO-NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT
AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
Augustus Thomas' Peerless American Play,
COMING— BLANCHE WALSH IN
"LA MADELEINE."
MATIXEE TO-DAY— LAST TIME.
The Prison^ of Zenda.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
Rupert of Hentzau.
Tc-morroTT Nlxrht— Bartley CamDbell's Immor-
THE WHITE SLAVE
SEATS READY.
MATIKEE TO-DAT. SATURDAY, March S.
Parquet, any seat. 25e; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
VAUDEVILLE^WONDERS!
IJL'E TEN NELSONS; THE ATJERS;
EVA MUDGE; BILLY CLIFFORD,
AND THE EIOGRAPH. LAST
TIMES OF "WOODS AND MOSS;
KTTGENT ANDFERTIG; PROBTN
LADIES' QUARTET, AND THB
THREE MEERS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP'
Hear "THE FUNNY SIDE OF THAT"
In the Magnificent Production of the GREAT
HIT OF THE
BOSTONiANS,
THE
Serenade!
IT'S TURNING THEM AWAY.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
A Contented Woman.
Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
FAREWELL WEEK OF
GEORGE OBER
In Geo. H. Broafihursfs Latest Comedy,
The House That Jack Built.
On.> of the Funniest Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PP.ICES — 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Sea's All Matinees 25c.
BEfMSCO *"»> THAlESjfojtfVgt,
»^ tKF.fTtCCZVtlS.iA
MATINEE TO-DAY rF\V^-§r\
and TO-MORROW. jj |-S L4
TO-NIGHT and Sun- J£ § | I J
cay Evg., Last Times,
The successful melo- . / «-—
drama. f A CTT
Tun of excitins M^JUlKJ M.
Incidents and
novel effects. _ rrw* A> rn
inees, 10c. 15c, 25c.
Next Monday — A Creat Revival of Charles
Picons' "OLIVER TWIST."
Fischers Theatre |
THIS I
AFTERNOON | COMB AND SEE
For yourselves.
No j^erformance so perfect.
A remcrkable cast.
A beautiful chorus.
20 Eiiecialtie«. /
All to be seen ia .
THE FRENCH MAID,
Reserved seats this afternoon
25 cents to any part of the theater.
Children to-day. 15 cents.
Night i.ricea, 25c and 50c.
TCow reriears-insr,
"Little Christopher,"
A rharmlngly funny burlesque. •
CHUTES^ and Z00
THE GREAT CYCLE WHIRL!
AND A HOST OF VAUDEVILLE STARS.
Aquatic Sports on the Lake.
specialTo-nighti
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city — depots, ferries and - parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.•It will be alleged that a community of interests as exemplified by the organization of the
Northern Securities Company is in contravention of the spirit and provisions of the Sher
man anti-trust law, and in substantiation of this contention the charter of the Securities Com
pany will be quoted. The petition in printed form will cover about twenty-five pages of the
size that is usual with documents of this kind, i
The petition of the Government as drawn up by Knox will cite the facts concerning the
merger of the two railroad companies and the organization of the Northern Securities Com
pany, which was formed for the purpose of controlling the stock of the consolidated systems.
Two railroad companies and the Securities Company, together with the respective officers of
each, will be set down as defendarits'to the suit.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON, March 7.— Attorney-
General Knox this afternoon put ihe finishing touches to a petition to dissolve the
merger of the Great •hjorthern and Northern Pacific Railway companies. In its revised
form the document was sent to the Public Printer and will bestruck from the press to-mor
row or the following day. According, to present plans the petition will be filed next week in
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals and then taken to the United States Supreme
Court at Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Legal Demand for Dissolution of Railroad. Combine Is Now
' Ready to Be Submitted to the High Courts. ' '
ATTORNEY GENERAL COMPLETES
A PROTEST AGAINST MERGER
. SEATTLE, March 7.— Complete munici
pal election returnsareas follows: Humes,
Republican, GGC9; Goodwin, Democrat,
5996; Humes' majority, 613. Rlplinger, Re
publican, for Comptroller, and practically
the rest of the Republican ticket polled a
vote of 7851. Steel, Democrat, for Comp
troller, and practically the rest of the
ticket polled a vote of 4286.
Humes Re-elected Mayor of Seattle.
The Santa Fe Co. has arransed for second
class round-trip Homeseekers' tickets from
Chicago, *.£t. Louis, Kansas City and point3
west to California and return at one ftrst-cla«-3
limited fare plus $2 for the round trip. Dates
of sale of puch tickets from the East have been
fixed March 4th and 18th. April 1st and 15th
May «th and 20th. Going limit fifteen day»'
final limit to return twenty-one days. For full
Information regarding these excursions call on
nearest Santa Fe Aftent.
in the service for ten years. The amend,
ment was agreed to. The bill as amendea
was then passed. The Senate then ad-
Journed.
Cheap Bound-Trip Tickets From the
East to California and Return.
SAN DIEGO, March • 7.— The Fisher
Opera-house of this city, one of the larg
est and most substantial playhouses on the
Pacific Coast, has been sold. The pur
chaser Is Mrs. Katherine Tingley, the
head of the Universal Brotherhood es
tablishment at Point Loma. The pur
chase price was $70,000. She purposes con
ducting the house as a high class place
of amusement.
Mrs. Tingley Buys Opera-House.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The follow
ing Calif ornians have arrived at the
hotels:
St. James— Al Jacks. San Francisco.
National— N. R. Davis and J. J. McNulty,
San Francisco; S. M. Crawford, Los An
geles. Willard— A. R. Balch and H. H.
Sinclair, Los Angeles. Arlington— Miso
L. II. Spooner, Thomas M. Sullivan, Miss
Anita Meyer and George F. Ellis, San
Francisco.
Ca.lifornians in "Washing^ton.
NEW YORK. March 7.— The following
Californians have arrived:
San Francisco— A. L.. Ehrman, at the
Savoy; J. D. Phillips, at- the Barthold!;
H. Binsheimer, at the Netnerlands; J.
Christie, at the Broadway Central; J. G.
Paton and E. A. Williams, at the Im
perial; Mrs. A. Sperry and Miss Sperry,
at the Grand; L. D. Stone and wife, at
the Karlington; W. Green, at the Girard.
Californians in New York.
TACOMA, March 7.— In reply to an in
quiry by Governor McBride, Attorney
General. Stratton has given the opinion
that the State Board of Control has no
authority to permit the convicts in the
State penitentiary at Walla Walla to go
outside the prison to break rock for the
public roads of Walla Walla or any other
county. The Legislature has made no pro
vision for their legal employment on any
work not of direct benefit .to the ! State,
and their labor at present Is restricted
chiefly to the jute mill and brick yard
at the prison. '.' -. * - :
No Outside Labor for Convicts.
Reports continue to come In of damage
wrought by Saturday's windstorm. At
the Arguello ranch, near Soledad, roofs
wore blown off and trees and small struc
tures overturned. At other points wind
mills were demolished, and on the county
roafl ¦ between here and Salinas a giant
oak that had stood for a century or more
v,afi uprooted and fell across the road,
completely blocking travel.
Roads throughout the country are re
ported in a bad condition from washouts
and heavy loss from the rapid rise of
streams is feared.
SALINAS, March 7.— C. Ilackman, a
rancher of San Miguel Canyon, suffered
the loss of a thirty-acre crop of potatoes
during the recent rainstorm. The pota
toes were growing on a side hill field arid
the entire crop, together with much of
the soil In which the potatoes were plant
ed, was washed into the valley below.
Rancher in San Miguel
Canyon.
Washout Causes Loss of Crop to a
POTATO PATCH SLIDES
DOWN INTO VALLEY
I have been over these two sections
very carefully with the Attorney General
and their construction seems to be per
fectly clear. You will please inform the
Director of the Census that his office
will continue to be administered as it
has been administered until the 1st of
July. On that day he will, with your
permission, appoint such members of the
present force under him as will consti
tute the permanent census force, appoint
ing only so many as are to be perma
nently employed. After that date all ap
pointments will be madeUinder the regu
lations of the civil service act. Very
truly yours,
THEODORE ROOSEVELT,
E. A. HITCHCOCK,
Secretary of the Interior.
In the first place, from the present em
ployes of the Census Office; and, in the
second place, all new appointments to be
made in accordance with the civil service
law. After any of the present employes
of the Census Office have been appointed
upon the permanent force they become
part of the classified service.
WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON. D.
C, March G, 1902.— Sir: I have signed the
act providing for a permanent Census
Bureau. Section 2 of this act provides
that the work pertaining to the twelfth
census shall be carried on by the Census
Office under the existing organization un
til the first day of July, when the perma
nent Census Office herein provided for
shall be organized by the Director of the
Census. Section 5 provides that with your
approval the Director of the Census may
appoint the permanent census force in
two ways:
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The Presi
dent has signed the bill creating a per
manent Census Bureau, and he has sent
the following letter to the Secretary of
the Interior:
On motion of Hale of Maine the Senate
then began the consideration of the dip
lomatic and consular appropriation bill
The bill was read. It carries in round
figures $2,000,003 in appropriations. Bacon
of Georgia offered an amendment provid
in? that tjie student Interpreters employed
in the legations and consulates in China
should be selected in a non-partisjin man-
Mr and that they should agree to remain
At the conclusion of Bacon's speech
Hoar, in charge of the measure, secured
unanimous consent that the bill should be
lh £ .i mft j} 1 « h , ed ,. bus 106855 after the ship
subsidy bill had been disposed of finally
A joint resolution asking the President
to invite the Government of Canada to
join in the formation of an international
commission to examine and report on the
diversion of the ! waters that are tha
boundaries of the two countries was re
ported favorably from the Committee on
Commerce. Hoar of Massachusetts urged
that the matter ought to be considered
by the Foreign Relations Committee as
it opened "a very important and very del.
icaie question." fnvolving diplomatic pro.
cedure. On his motion it was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations
A resolution offered by Harris of Kan-
Bas directing the Committee on Indian
Affairs to investigate the matter of the
removal of certain Creek Indians from
the lands assigned to them and to renort
by bill or otherwise was adopted *""**•
The Senate agreed to a conference with
the House upon the bill providing for the
redemption of certain internal revenue
ftamps and Aldrich of Rhode Island
Platt of Connecticut and Teller of Colo»
rado were named as conferees on the Dart
cf the Senate.
Bacon denied the constitutionality of
any law which shall invade our institu
tions, which Ehall upturn the recognized
procedures of a hundred years and which
shall put It in the power .of partisans
either on the bench or elsewhere, ¦ to op
pose men on account of political opin
ions. The blil if enacted, he said, would
muzzle the press and make every editor
afraid to express an opinion as to the
President or any other official for fear
that, thereafter, If any of these officials
should be killed, he might be tried for
murder. He would not. ne said, vote for
the bill even if he were the only man in
the Benate and in the House of Repre
sentatives opposed to It.
At 2 o'clock the unfinished business of
the ship subsidy bill was laid before the
benate. Inquiry by Frye developed th<>
tact that Vest and Maliory who had ex.
pected to speak on the bill to-day wert
retained by illness. The measure was
laid aside informally and consideration
of the bill for the protection of the j-res
ident was resumed.
he indicated his belief that such a pro
vision was unconstitutional, maintaining
that treason had been denned in the con
stitution only after long and careful de
bate, during which every possible con
tingency was considered. He argued that
the constitution intended that each man
Khali be equal before the law, and said
the remedy for an attack on the Presi
dent or the killing of the President
snould be the same as If the crime were
committed against an individual.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The Senate
to-day resumed consideration of the bill
providing for the protection of the Presi
dent of the United States. Continuing
his speech begun yesterday Bacon con
tended that the enactment of the bill in
its present form would be an extension
of treason as denned by the authorities.
He yuoted various writers on the consti
tution in support of his argument. Mere
ly because the crime named in the pend
ing bill waa not designated as treason
did not change its character. It prac
tically was made treason by the penalty
provided and the means resorted to 10
apply the penalty to the> criminal.
Though a" very young man, William
Scheper. had done some traveling 1 , having
once shipped to Manila on the transport
Meade. lie received his education at Lick
School and was considered a bright youth.
Another brother. Fred, was in the Fourth
Cavalry, and while doing service in Ma
nila was seriously wounded and was re
turned to this city a cripple, though with
care he recovered sufficiently to accept
a position on the Castro-street cars.
Charles Scheper, eldest brother of the
young man found dead on the railroad
rear San Mateo, was seen at his home,
210^2 Clipper street, last evening. He said
that William, when in the city, had al
ways lived at home with him and hl«<
mother. William was a good brother and
son, ' and was highly esteemed by the
neighbors.
On Thursday night William took dinner
at home and when he left it was the in
tention, said Charles, of taking a trip to
San Jose. How he came by his death
the brother could not imagine. .,
Senator Bacon Opposes
President Protection
Bill.
President Gives Signa
ture to Important
Measure.
HEARS ARGUMENT
ON CONSTITUTION
CREAKS BUREAU
FOR THE CENSUS
SHORTAGE OF WATER
SOUTH OF TEHACHAPI
Overseer Pressell Predicts That There
Will Not Be Sufficient for
Irrigation.
LOS ANGELES, March 7.— "There is
likely to be a great shortage of water
for irrigation during the coming season,"
says George D. Pressell, the water over
seer. "The rainfall this season has been
even less than the average during the
recent dry seasons and the measures in
course of formulation for increasing the
capacity of the municipal works have not
been undertaken any too soon.
"There has been little snow this win
ter. Ordinarily, when we see a heavy
downfall of snow In the Tejunga Basin:
we feel that there is to be plenty of
water. When that is missing there is
danger of a shortage. The continued dry
years have drained the mountains, and,
while the recent heavy rains must have
benefited the situation, not nearly enough
has come to afford .much hope of the
needed supply during the • summer
months." . ¦
Fresno's Republican Delegates.
FRESNO, * March 7.— The Republican
League Club of this city has elected the
following delegates to tfie convention of
Republican clubs to be held in San Jose
on April 14: A. R. Brings, W. W. Ma
chem, S..L. Carter. J. AV. Gearhart, G.
W. Jones, George Cosgrave, P. J. Rear
don, John C. Moore, William Forsythe,
F. H. Short, F. J. Burlelgh, L. P. Tim
mins, S. L. Hogue, E. A. Williams, G.
D. Ostrom. Those who are entitled to go
as officers are: S. J. Hinds, president;
Dr. Rowell, treasurer; W. R. Williams,
secretary.
RICHMOND, Va., March 7.— Captain
Charles P. Bigger, one of the Civil War
captains of the Richmond Light Infantry
Blues and commandant of the Lee Camp
Soldiers' Homo, committed suicide to-day.
He had been in bad health for some
months. ¦ -
Poimer Confederate Ends His Iiif*.
VALiLEJO, March 7.— The . navy-yard
carrier pigeons have at last found a pur
chaser. Some man, perhaps a restaurant
keeper, came to the relief of the Govern
ment by offering to take the birds off Its
hands. He paid but $2 30 for the 260
pigeons. No other offer was received.
The pigeons would fly back to the navy
yard if released and are useless as hom
ing birds to any purchaser.
Homing Pigeons Sell for a Song.
FltESNO COUNTY RANCHER
PUTS AN END TO HIS LIFE
Suicide of Aged David S". Shields the
Sequel to Domestic
Troubles.
FRESNO, March 7.— David S. Shields,
one of the oldest and best known ranch
ers in this section of California, commit
ted suicide this afternoon at his place
west of Fresno, shooting himself in the
head with a shotgun. Shields and his aged
wife separated some time -ago and there
has been a divorce suit pending 1 In the
Superior Court here. Shields has been
living alone on his place. This evening A.
Warnekros, a farmer, went to the ranch
and found the old man dead with the
shotgun beside him.
Shields was somewhat prominent in pol
itics here, having been spoken of at the
last county election as a candidate for
Supervisor. His son, Dolph Shields, also
a rancher, may be the v next Republican
nominee for Sheriff here.
Steel Plant for Bedding.
REDDING, March 7.— Lord Thurlow
and George H. Proctor, projectors of the
Eureka and Eastern Railroad, announced
to-day that they would install a great
smelting and steel plant on the north side
of Sacramento River, opposite Redding
which will give employment to 3000 la
borers and utilize 10,000 horsepower. They
say they are already negotiating for the
purchase of ..water rights and machinery.
REDWOOD CITY, March 7.— William
Scheper, a young man 19 years old, met
death some time last night between San
Mateo and Burlingame by being run over
by a train. The body was discovered this
morning by the foreman of a. section
gang. It had been cut in two by the
wheels of a passing train. Coroner Crow
was notified and brought the body to the
morgue at this place. The young man's
name and address were found upon a
card on his person and in response to a
telegram Fred Scheper, a brother, came
from San Francisco and identilled the
body. '
According to the story of the brother
William Scheper was at home in San
Francisco last night at 210% Clipper
street, between 7:30 and 8 o'clock. This
morning at 7 o'clock a young man came
to the house and told the mother that
William had fallen off a train, but was
not killed. He afterward admitted that
the boy was killed. How he knew this
fact,»»unless he was with Scheper at the
time, is unexplained.
William Scheper, who was only 19 years
of age, was a teamster, and for some
time worked for Farnsworth & Ruggles,
draymen, in San Francisco. He quit the
firm's* employ about three months ago,
eince which time he has been doing odd
jobs. He had two chums, both young
men of about his own age. named Kreig
and Walsh, and was almost continually in
their company. It was one of these who
gave the family the information this
morning.
Just what connection they had with the
affair wid just how much they know
about it, will not be known until the in
quest is held next Monday. One of them
took to the Clipper street house a piece
of baling rope which, he said, Scheper
had been tied to a car with and which
broke. How they came to have the piece
of rope is another mystery.
As soon as Coroner Crow heard the
brother's story he sent for Sheriff Mans
field, as he believed there were facts that
should be investigated by the Sheriff's
office. Subpenas have been Issued for
Kreig and Walsh and sent to San Fran
cisco for service, requiring their presence
at the inauest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Theodore Edwards was a prominent res
ident of this county, and on his death In
1892 left an estate valued at $150,000 Of
this sum $100,000 was given to Benjamin
E. Edwards, his son and the present con
testant, who resides In Iowa. Mrs. Ed
wards had been an invalid for some
years.
The petition asserts that Mrs. Edwards
left an estate valued at $25,000. Besides
the home, valued at $5000. there are 100
shares of the San Jose Water Company,
worth $10,000 and producing a monthly
income of $52 50, and 100 shares of Spring
\ alley "Water Company, valued at $SS0O,
v.ith a monthly revenue of $42 50.
The contestant is the only son of Theo
aore B. Edwards, who in 1855 married
Helen A. Edwards. He is the son of a
first wife, and no children were born after
the second marriage. Edwards died in
The petitioner alleges that shortly be
fore her. death Mrs. Edwards suffered a
paralytic stroke, which left her in no con
dition to make a will, and that she waa
under the undue influence of her brother,
\V. E. Dickinson, who was the only per
son living with her. Further, contestant
claims that in -1888, before his father's
death, Edwards and his wife entered into
an agreement by which Edwards was to
will to his wife §30,000 worth of property
to be enjoyed during her natural life, and
Ehe in turn was to leave it to the con
testant, less $1250 that she was to give to
her erlatives. It is alleged that the prop
erty given to her by contestant's father
is the same she bequeathed to her broth
er. The court is asked to order the ex
ecutors to produce the will Mrs. Edwards
made in 1SSS.
SAN JOSE, March 7.— A contest of the
will of Helen A. Edwards, who died In
this city on February 13, was commenced
to-day in the Superior Court by Benjamin
E. Edwards, a stepson. It is asked that
a will made a few days before her death
be set aaide on the ground that it was
executed. while she was under the influ
ence of her brother, "W. E. Dickinson, to
whom is given the estate, and that a will
executed in 1883/ by which she gave all
the property to contestant, be produced
and accepted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Legal Fight for Estate of
Helen Edwards of
San Jose.
Diligent search Is being made for the
stranger and for further trace of the
missing man.
Recent investigations disclose the fact
that certain articles belonging to Rust
were in the possession of the stranger,
which, coupled with Rust's long absence,
leads to the general belief that Rust was
murdered.
SEATTLE, March 7.— Early in Decem
ber Daniel Rust of this 4ty started to go
into the Qulayute country to prospect for
gold. The only news from him afterward
was that he stopped over night at a
rancher's house, where he met a man
who claimed he was going into the same
country and proposed that they make
the trip together. During the evening Rust
exchanged paper money for silver with
the rancher's wife and displayed a large
roll of bills. The next day he and the
stranger left for the mountains. The
stranger returned in a day or two, say
ing he had concluded not to go, but that
Rust went on alone.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prospector Fails to Re
turn From Quest
of Gold. ..
Young San Franciscan's
Body Is Found on"
Railroad.
STEPSON BEGINS
CONTEST OF WILL
MISSIS MINER'S
COMRADE WANTED
MAY BE MODE
THAN ACCIDENT
/ THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 190
8
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^
SUPREME BLISS
It Is to the man who has been having hia
laundry work done at home, or at a sec-
ond-class establishment, to have a shire
front that is as attractive as the one we
send home to you after being laundered
by our up-to-date and improved methods.
Your collars; cuffs and shirts are fault-
less in their snowy whiteness and artistic
finish, and no swear .words ever follov/
work from our laundry.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office* 1004 Markst Stroiv.'
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av<*.
A manager for business house, situated
in thriving, prosperous section of Nevada
on railroad. Resources, mining, livestock,
hay and grain. Must be thoroughly con-
versant with hardware andgrocerv busi-
ness. An attractive proposition as to
salary and interest in business will be
made to party that can fill place. Mar-
ried man preferred; 35 to 40 years of age.
Give age, experience and references. Ad-
dress J. W. B., care "Record Union,"
Sacramento, Cal.
PARKER'S
If|iH Hair
Mlr^l Balsa®!
I ; Promotes the grOTrth of the hair and
1 ; gives It the lustre and sllldnes3 of youth.
! « When tbe hair 13 pray or faded it
i ! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR.
J ! It prevents Dandruff and hair fanin^
< ; and keeps the scalp clean and healthy.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREV
WHILE TEETHING, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUAIS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND 1
COLIC, and is the beat remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists In every part of
tbe world. Be sure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle-
EAUWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 9:0Oa 8:0Op 4:20p
At. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
- Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p l:3Oa »:11 p
"Fresno... 2:u5p 2:35p 3:15al0:00p
"Hanford.. 3:12pJ3:27p 8:05a
"Vlsalia... 3:39 pj 5:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
' 0:0O a., m; train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second*
class tickets are honored on this train Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a m. daily
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno "
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. za. dally.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Falace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cara to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at <i:00 p. rn.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, -topping
at all points In San Joaquin y^lley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:4O a. m. daily
Offices — 641 Market street and in -Ferry
Depot, San Frapcisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 20, 1001
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLFv
AND SAN RAB'AEL. Aia -*<X
WEEK DAYS— C: 53, 8:30. •Jiao, 11-00 a. m
?1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, 0:45 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and *>„
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and sairr
days at tt:30 and 11:40 p. m. oatur-
SUNDAYS — »8:C0. •10:00. M1-.3O a m »l-i<s
3:15. »4:45. 6:30. 0:20 p. m. ** xls -
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FflANClSrr.
WEEK DAYS-»5:25 0:27. 7:45. 8:33 ft) ?i
a. m., *12:25. 2:15. '3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p ' m '
an^^aTO-.S? an^O^p.
$8&S85^Vt-&& ' U:45 •• »¦•
Trains marked (•) atart from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCl" CO
WEEK DAYS-6:45. 6:45. 7:55, <J:55 iii-£
a ir.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:S0, 5:10 p. m. ' 0#< *°
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday.
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. is
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12.03. 2-it
3:30. 6:00. tt:45 p. m. *"• • £ - 13 .
THROUGH TRAIXS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and wav
Btatlons. ¦¦:¦ " ay
1:« p. rn. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and wav
stations. tt *
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan MiUs andvav
stations. . *
Lecral IT..llday toa.ta and trains will run on
PimAov t<»n».
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
BAIL WAY THAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
mam rn«iicnt'o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Streak)
LKAVK — fROU FEBRCART 9. 19C3 — lUITI
7:00a Benicla, Suisuu, Elmira and 8acr»-
mentn SiS-i*
7:OOa Vaeaiitle, Winter*. Riuuaer 7j33j
7:3Ua Martinez, San Itrnimu, Vallnjo. Hapa,
CalisCi'gaandManCa Itiiaa- 0:S3v
»:Oi» a DavU, Woodland, KuignU Landing.
Mairsville, Onttillo 7:S5r
«:««».» Atlantic Kxpresa— <>zden aud Kagt H:S3a
H:««a Nil«s. Lathrop. Stockton 7:U.^r
(t:iiu.i Mica. Memlota, Hauford, Viaslla,
ror» rvii le v . . 4.-33 »
9:U(»A ShM*.» Kiprosa— JJaria, Williams ((of
lartlett 8'iringaJ. Willows, Red
Bluff, Fortl»n<L 7i»a»
¦ iUOa Sun .lime. I.i»cnnore, .Stooktmi.
lone. .Macrai'irnto. riacBr»iile,
M.irys»ill«, Chicn, Ue<1 UtitlT -t:».1»
»:^i»* OakdaJe, Chineae,.Souura. Tuolnznna 4:2.1f
n:U»« Haywurd. Niltaaud Waj Statlona.. I«:M»
BiOOa Vaili-jo I«j23»
U:UOa Los Anga'.c.i Exurexa — AUrllne*.
Tracy, Lattiron. Mtorkkon, Mrreeu
Kresno ami Lo» Angales 7:53*
fl::il»A Vall.<j.>, nlarliiinzainl Wny Htalfon* 7:-"»^f
¦ «».-»» a Tha Oferlaml Mmlleil— Ogdau. l - eu-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago I»i33»
«l:««ip S.i<:rniii«nl<« i:i»iTSteain«m »ll:Otlf
Si»wi- lt«nicin. Winters. Haerameiito. \
WouiIIwikI. KnikliU jAudiug,
M»rrK*ill». Or»*ill<! l«:3.1»
Z.V.nr fl:iywnril, Nil'H ami Waf 8t3t!ona.. 7:33»
¦ 4-.<M>r Mkiliuur. Hitu lUinoii. Valiujo,
N»|i>t. IMbOnsn, Hitnta Itniia ¦•23*
4;itOr Nilea, IJ»erniore, Stockton. Loili... I»:a3»
¦l:ll<»r Hsywaril. Nile*. SaiL.lime. I,i»*nnor« t»:S3A
4:XWrTlio On I limit*-.! «- Ffemi.., TuUre.
l.'.klirrdilol.l. Haitgnn for Sai>ta liar-
bnra, I.03 AiiK^le* 9. 11:3.14
BiUOr Port Oosta. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1w:23a
B:nur Martin*!.- Anticcb, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Froano ta«23f
«:<•»? Ilayward, NilesaudSaii Joia 7<33*
t«t:O»r Vall«>ji> 11:23%
OiOitr Oriental Hail— Ogiien. Donrer,
Omaha, St. Loula. r.Ucagu 4i23»
7lOOf Oregon auit I'alinirnl* I'.iirenn.Hno-
r.un«iit..., MurjKvillo. l: H .l.lln K ,
riirtlnml. |-it K .,k .Hmii.ii ami Eaal 9M*
¦ i«.1p San Pablo, Port (,'oi.U. Maxtines
ami Way autioi.a 11:23*
|*tO3p ValH' 7i3.->»
COAST IiINK (S«rrn« (ianxe).
(Kook <>( Market Street.)
»i!5a N8>T» t k,(.'Kiit«rville,Sau.loa«, K.-lt.).i,
Jioulilitr I'r.ek.SttiiiaCf nz»ml Wai
Ututloi.a »sO»»
tS'lOr Kowiirk, Center vl!!e. Han .Inge. New
Aliiiuiltiu, H nil .1. 11. liniil.Tor \.'reek.
Santa I'tuz aud I'rinclpal War
v 8tallo»i l»iil**
4>1 5r Newark. ,S«u .Toae. Lou Gatoa f«:5t»»
«».Mop Hunter.]' Train -San Jcse and Way
Stations !7.ao>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SiS msCISCO— rool »r Karkst Street (SI:? 8)—
tV:15 U:0U J1.0OA.M. 1C3 3:03 B.iS^.M.
ruin OllLlHB— r«l .'BfiJJw.t,— trt:()0 Ja.00 13:0'
10:00».M. 12:C3 2.C3 l:C3r.U.
COAST IiINB (Itroa.l (lan B »).
(Thin) Mid To-.vtiseml St.-t.)
«i:l»A cian Joan and Way .Htationa. «:4i»a
7:0Oa Han Jmeoi.d Wuy Mtati-na fSMXIA
/7:«»A Nrnr Almmdtm. ,. / 4tlOV
¦ iOOa Coaat Line Limited — nan .Toso,
Giln y. Salinas, Bar. Into Oh->po,
Santa Itarbara, I.oi Acgelra and
princiv il intermediate station!.... 1 Oi43t
• iOOa Mini Joan. Tiea I'lnos. HiuiU I'rim,
Paettie Urova, Salinas. San l.uii
Cbiapo ami Principal intennediat*
St»ti,,tiB 4«1O»
lfl:"O( San Joae an '1 Way Stationa »::»«*»
I I: no A Sh.i A,,*- U...I Wity StuLioK* »;ISi
13> S.-.p San &UOi>. Itnln «.<>.!. Menlo Park.
I ]>a!o Alto. .Santa C!»ra. San. lone.
V Trea Piaos, Hants Vint. Salinas,
Monterey aid IVicilic tirms 1111:434
8:S«r Man.ioaeaiMi Way .SUtitma l:»itp
tl:ISp San .inne itml Principal Way UkjtUmia SiSUV
4iS«r Snnaet Limited— Mondays. Wednes-
days, Friday*, for Leu A ngelpx. El
Paso. New Urleana and New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursday ll»il»»
fliOOrSan Jose, L01 Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations t»i«O»
SiSOr Ban .J(ne»nH Principal Way Stations «:.tOp
Bi:i»p San Jnae ami Way MUtiitns 7aSOa>
7i00p New Orleans Ezprvn — Han I.ufa
Oblapo. 3anta H^rnara, I.o* An-
Eelea. D intuit. Hi Faao, New Or-
leans and £«¦(.: I !:•<?»
1lt43p3an Joae»;nl Way Sfationa 7i»tf»
A for Morning. I* for A f ternooB.
f Bnnday ezeepted. t only.
— Hft&tSW flnlJi / Tueedajs and |fridjnr%_
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FittNGISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafasl.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael tr> San Francisco.
"WEEK DAYS — 6:10. 7:50. 8:20. U:10 a, m.:
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Ex:r*
trips at l:.">j and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10. 0:40. 11:10 a. m.-. 1:40. 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. (Apr. 28. 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I WeeiT"
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am S :00am Novato, |10:40am| 8:40am
3:30pm 0:30am Petaluma, j «:05pmil0:i:Sam
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa.l 7:33pm| 6:20pra
Fulton. *
7:30am Windsor. 10:23an»
B :00pm Healdaburg. 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30pm 8:00am Clcverdale, 7:35pm B:20pni
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am,
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pra 8:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10;23am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm . 6:20pm
.7:30am 8:00an> Sonoma 0:13am 8:40am>
and
5:10pm .5:C0pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm C:20pra
7 :30am I 8 :00am I |10:40am|l0:25am
3:30pm[ 5:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm! tt:20pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "VV>st
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at
Uay»«rvllla for Skagpra Springs; at Cl ivertialj
lor the Geysers; at Hopltmd for Duncan
Sprlns3, Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carts-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
bprings. . Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valleyi
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley" a. Bu ikneir*.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle.Orr's Hot 3prln-»
M»ndocino City. Fort Brass, Westpcrt. Uaal.
Willlta, Laytonvllle. Cummins, Bell's 3prlnss;
Harris. Olsen's. Dyep. Scotia and Eur;ka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets ac re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofHce. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building-
H. C. WHmXG. H. X. nTAJT.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' Leave " Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive ' ™
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
ifo*- jElh. «Kbi »t a. -T., TO ,7ri M »r dava - 3 -
t% A - i« :^ A- »*•" rettt " ta » k »'" - *» LC0 *' 5 '
tv. tu Tn.nnli.-ot. S.imi.lt awl lUturri. JIOT.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
C8r*f^li»M'" 1Sii4 for the treatment nf frlvnt*
DlsM ' a "' 8 ' I """ t ManlHHuL Debility or ',
nffiUg^9jgJL(1is»*asi> weartngou body ami mlmi ami
Dinensos. Tbe Doctorcares wlien
i^SSaSKgBJothers fall. Try him. I'hnrses low.
»ViiiaiiWj3<'urp<« cr5:avntiie«-«l. C:iHcrwriw,
lit* J. F. UlliSOSi. Una Prauclsco. OsJl
The Health of a Manly Man
Why will not all men insist upon having it, when it is so easy to get and to
keep. Some men are eaten alive by tape-worms, others wander hopelessly for
years dying slow deaths from bowel disease.
_^ w^g»^ v^»v "After taktne two Cascarets, there came on the sceno a very
- unexpected visitor in the shupo of n tape-worm eichteon fee*
Ions at least, which I am sure caused ray bad health for threa
¦ ;"; -'j. ;.:. 'A |{^^^^S^^^^V yeara."-Geo. W. Bowles, Baird, Miss.
JR^^;/*~^ "^^S^SvJ "After taking Casr«rets I have hiul a natural relief withoni
B$3?Mr* raSil ' taking medicine of any sort daring tho past two weeks. This
SsS Kvlr* had not occurred for 18 years."
*&$& ¦ ijjjj — Chas. E. Penny, 601 Yates Are., Brooklyn.
IFJCT >¦"* -»r. y* tt <¦ JMk "For tliree years I have been afflicted with diabetes. Slnca
fii>F j»^\ fiimrO' vi^V> nsine CasearetR I have found great relief and feel that I must
V^«iiy-SE5j> f/SiySy^. b»4r 8en(i y* 11 my personal recommendation."
Yflf?*" ' "ft ' *^l ~ C- H " L y man > 813 West At«., Buffalo, N. Y.
XsZ&tm. d?i " ts— l*&&f "' Bve t> e «n *ising Cascareto for stomach tronMe of elx
lUi&if}- Www.?®?' I yars stanrtine. I am cured and recommend them to all who
XM^m^^W^^^J need a remedy."- Rev. E. iX. Chundler, Mill P. O., Jlo.
"Caacarets cured me of the piles, with which. 1 had lonz
f^fflV^^Tr/'llt^wf suffered."— J. L. Wolleson, Perry, Oklohoma.
fi^M^MwIlirll^L "Cascarnts nre the only remedy I have ever used that canse
• Jl'NiaaPaiuviw^r fik n flne> easy ¦movement of the bowel* without impairing tha
M •&W$£r K& iunctiona of the stomach." —Chas. S. Campbell, Sunbury, Pa.
iffik bSsIl "I nsed Cascarets for insomnia, with which I have been
I J?Pa?lL »ffli»ted for twenty years. They pave me immediate relief."
I J?W*¥i$B^>. ' -Thos. Gillard, Elgin, lllinoli.
X><^i»l*^^w 1 J >^l»t5i«a'^^fekw "I have Riven Cascarets a thorough trial in an
¦^^^m^^F^^W^^ obstinate caso of constipation at a time when pile.
RmSf were formin S . It yielded nicely to tho treHtmcnt."
W&ZStMyMtfT IMgi --¦ ' "'¦¦'¦' ~ T ' Dale Glvnn ' SI - D - N«». Mo.
H^^^^^A^teS *3&J "Oascarets cured mo of flui of Ions? Rtandinz.
\sSk 0T\ They are worth their weight in diamonds."
. . W —Leopold liahn, Wapakoneta, Ohio.
Business as well as social life of today is one of strain and effort, and tho
struggle for existence in competition makes life a fight day in day'out, in which
care 'of body, nerves, blood is mgre or less neglected. Men wonder what's
wrong with them.' No man can stand such unnatural conditions unless ho
counteracts them by using Cascarets Candy Cathartic, causing regularity of
body in spite of irregularity of habits. A man who "feels bad" should take
Cascarets, find out what's wrong and be cured.
/WrV/»/>Tl n4rv BeEt for t he Bowels. All druggists, ioc, 35c, 30c. Never sold In bulk
iWVVUjy»%V The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your monev
iiiil»^^' back. Sample and booklet free. Address .: . ¦. """* ¦
~^**w ii tii mrrw*-^^ Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New Yo.rk. at
; * ADVERTISEMENTS.
"IbsqlutFsecurity.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&u~7g££r€.
'YeTf Bicall and as easy
SEF I^ADTftfQl F0RHEADACHL SEE
\ tC - CAKI tKO FOR DIZZINESS. OE * &
FOR BILIOUSNESS. ArlIMMin
GENUINE H IVFR roR torpid liver. GENUINE
ffl PI LLS F0R COMSTIPATIOK.
WRAPPER ULl J™SS S WRAPPER
\ OEXUtTCE MUSTHAVCSyiNATUItC.
25* cSrts I Purely TegetaWe^^-^^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ ALWAYS ASK FOR fl
WALTER BAKERS
• LOOK ATTHE bABEbS •
I if i'?52S2s5A^lljii_^%s38&£MY u ft i i i
PURE-DELICIOUS-NUTRITIOUS
E5TABUSHED I7SO
! WALTER BAKER 6c CO. Limited.
I >*« DORCHESTER.MASS. %f
[ THREECOLD MEDALS PANAMERICAN EXPOSITION j
A Flash of Light
la the night— the passing of the swift end luxurious i
i
i
gleaming with its real electric lights. It races from
San Francisco to Chicago in three days
on the ;Mrs. George K. Edwards
, SAN JOSE, March 7.— Mrs. George K.
Edwards, a sister of Floyd McFarland,
the noted bicycle rider, died in a sani
taium here this morning as the result of
a surgical operation performed on
Wednesday, for a tumor. She was a na
tive of Ohio, aged 37 years, and leaves u
husband, father and four brothers.
REDDING, March 7.— An expensive
project Is to be undertaken at the Sweep
stake mine In Trinity County to avoid
further loss by landslides, which recently
carried away 800 feet of the big ditch
and pipe line. Manager Anderson has de
cided to drivo a tunnel 100 feet in length
through the hill on which the recent shdo
occurred. ¦ , -'' : -',-- : -¦¦.¦^mmtf.
Will Tunnel Through a Hill.
SPOKANE, March 7.— In a rear-end col
lision to-day between two sections of a
westbound train on the Great Northern,
near Wenachee, Lee Ferryman, a brake
man, formerly of Omaha, was killed, and
several cars were wrecked. The first sec
tion was stopped by a rock on the track.
Signals failed to attract the attention of
the engineer of the second section.
Brakeman Killed in Wreck.
Sugar Bounties to Be Abolished.
PARIS, March 7.— In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day Ribot, the former Pre
mier, questioned the Government regard-
Ing the Brussels sugar conference. The
Minister of Finance. Caillaux. replied
that all bounties would be abolished. Hi
believed, from the point of view of the
general Interests of the country, that a
long time had elapsed since such bene
ficial work had been done. The Minis
ter's statement was greeted with cheers.
Free masons Arrive at Jaffa.
JERUSALEM. March 7.— The Whita
Star line steamer Celtic, having on board
800 American tourists, destined for this
city, arrived at Jaffa yesterday afternoon.
One hundred Freemasons, repreaentlns
every Grand Lodge in North America,
will hold a meeting at King Solomon's
quarries under the auspices of the Royal
Solomon, mother lodge of Jerusalem.
BOZEMAN, Mont., March 7.— Edward
FricJley, one of the best known men In
Central Montana, died here last evening.
Fridley was one of the oldest residents
of Bozeman, having crossed the plains
with John Bozeman, after whom this city
w&s named. J. : "
Edward Fridley.
IDA GROVE, la., March 7.— George T.
Williams, Mayor of this city, died this
morning. Mr. Williams had been actively
engaged In journalism for thirty years
and was widely known throughout the
West.
George T. Williams.
LONDON. March 8.— Telegrams received
he»e from Cape Town report the condition
of Cecil Rhodes as much graver. Rhodes
is suffering, according to these dispatches,
from angina pectoris; his heart is en
larged and is encroaching on the lung
space. Relief is afforded by the period
ical administration of oxygen. Dr. Jame
son is in constant attendance upon tho
patient, who has been ill for some time.
He lets no one exaept his close personal
friends see him.
Cecil Rhodes Near to Death.
LONDON, March 7.— James Dick, the
largest English importer of gutta percha,
manufacturer of submarine cables, origi
nator of rubber soled shoes and philan
thropist, died to-day at his home in Glas
gow.
James Dick.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The Senate
Committee on Public ¦' Buildings and
Grounds to-day, authorized favorable re
ports on new public buildings at Colorado
Springs, Colo., $130,000, and Laramle,
Wyo., $100,000.
Favor New Public Buildings.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— Secretary
Rcot has received a cable message from
acting Governor Wright at Manila, say
ing that Commissioner Ide, who is under
medical treatment at Yokohama, Japan,
is Improving in health and ia expected to
be able to resume his duties at Manila in
about a month. ¦ ; . .'
Commissioner Ide Is Improving,
WASHINGTON, March 7.— At the Cab
inet . meeting to-day President Roosevelt
requested the members not to talk- to
newspaper correspondents about matters
under discussion at the semi-weekly
meetings. It was thought best for the
President himself to make public such
matters as he deemed proper to make
public. Hereafter the President will do so.
President Will Give the News.
-"WASHINGTON, March 7.— Senator Du
bois to-day presented to the Senate a me
morial from the American Chamber of
Commerce of Manila urging that the im
migration of Chlnese'coolies Into the Phil
ippine Islands be. permitted under re
strictions to be Imposed by the Philip
pine Commission. The memorial was re
ceived by all. the Senators, and Senator
Dubois asked to have it read in order to'
call attention to the situatioln there.
Wants Chinese in Philippines.
PHILADELPHIA. March 7.-Henry C.
Potter, for twenty-six years Nicaraguan
Consul in this city, is dead aged 80 years.
He was connected with the Venezuelan
coffee trade.
Henry C. Potter.
SHANGHAI, March 7. — The foreign resi
dents of Kobe, Japan, at a mass meeting re
cently held decided to refuse payment of the
new taxation on property as a violation of
treaties until the question is definitely set
tled between the powers and Japan.
HUDSON, N. Y., March 7. — Fire to-=day
burned the buildings and the stock of Dozen
heim & Co., dry goods dealers: W. A. Van
Tassel, dry goods; R. Gray's Rons, furniture;
Sheldon & Co., dry goods, and Falk, men's
furnishings. Loss $200,000.
NORFOLK, V«_, March 7. — The street car
strike is still unsettled. One hundred men
were put to work on their arrival from the
West to-day. Cars are still running under
military escort and many motormen wear the
uniform of the militia.
LA CROSSE, Wls., March 7.— The ice in the
Mississippi River began to move out shortly
before noon to-day. It is thought navigation
will open in a week or ten days.
ST. PAUL. Minn., March 7.— The House to
day by a vote of 00 to 12 passed the . Smith
bill providing tor the holding of a constitu
tional convention.
CONSTANTINOPLE, March 7.— Cholera has
broken out among the pilgrims at Medina, One
hundred and ten deaths from the disease have
occurred.
LONDON, March 7. — The statement of the
Board of Trade for February shows increases
of £1,977,200 in imports and £274,800 in ex
ports.
YOKOHAMA, March 7. — The applications for
the issue of 10,000,000 yen in exchequer bills
totaled 15,500,000 yen.
BRATTLEBRO, Vt., March 7.— General
Julius Estey, president of the Estey Or
gan Company, died to-day.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
SAYS DOCTOR WAS CARELESS.— Martin
Lathrop is 'suing Dr. Samuel Hunkin to re
cover $25,000 damages for injuries he alleges
he received through the carelessness of the de
fendant.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., March 7.— H.
St. John Dix, recently extradited from
London, charged with having wrecked
two banks In this county, was to-day for
mally arraigned and entered a plea of not
guilty. The court set March 24 as the
date for the trial.
Dix Pleads Not Guilty.
SUES FOR DAMAGES.— T. P. Itlordan filed
a suit for $12,291 damages for personal in
juries again*t the Gaa Consumers' Association
yest3rda>\ The plaintiff was hurt last Decem
ber by being run over by a horse owned by
the defendants.
"William Wells, a carpenter, residing at
S12 Buchanan Rtrect, while at work on a
new building at Green and Octavia
Ftreets, yt-Fterday, fell from the seebnd
Ftory into the basement. He was sent to
the General Emergency Hospital, ¦where
it was fouml that his injuries consisted
of several lacerated wounds about the
head and face.
Carpenter Falls Two Stories.
Oppose Marston's Appointment.
The San Francisco Labor Council at Ha
meeting last night instructed Secretary
Rosenberg to communicate with Gov
ernor Gage and ask him not to appoint
Frank W. Marston a member of the
Board of Harbor Commissioners. The op.
position of the council is due to the part
taken by Marston in the late labor
troubles-
The Jewish society, Chevra Shaare Re
fooah, will plve its twelfth annual Purim
tall in Odd Fellows' Hall on the night of
Sunday, the ICth inst.
Will Give Purim Ball.
Mrs. Matilda Allen and her daughter,
Ethel, who were removed from their lit
tle shanty at 2 Hall place on Thursday,
were adjudged lnsano yesterday and sent
to the Insane Asylum at Stockton.'
Mother and Daughter Insane.
It is experArA that the board of officers
¦which Is investigating the complaint that
U-.rpr»t practice is dangerous for people
working on private property in the vicin
ity of the range will recommend the pur
chase of th*» adjoining land by the Gov
ernment. Gonrral Young leaves to-night
for a trip through the southern part of
the State. Chark-s A. Elledge, Eighteenth
Field Battery, died of pneumonia yester
<3fay at the Presidio cenerai hospital.
News in Army Circles.
Colonel W. A. Jacobs delivered a lec
ture last night at the CogKwcll Polytech
nic Institute to a large audience of stu
dents and their friends on the battle of
Gettysburg. The k-oturer, himself a sur
vivor of that proattst strupRle in the hla
tory of the ¦world, detailed at length the
various movements of the dllTeront corps
during the three days' fight, He aided
his descriptions with a large map on
which he plontcd out the several locali
ties, and in this manner tho audience
was able clearly to follow the varying
fortunes of the memorable struggle.
Describes Pattle of Gettysburg,
Patrick McGrath. who was struck on the
head by a falling piece of wood threo
months ago, died of his inJurlfB yesterday
at the City and County Hospital. The
body was taken to the Morgue.
His Injuries Prove Fatal.
Mrs. Horn, residing at 222 Fulton street,
reported to the police yesterday that
fcneakthlevea entered her home and stolo
a valuable feather boa that was hanging
on the hat rack.
Sneakthieves at Work.
Secretary Joseph M. Cummlng of the
Mechanics' Institute sent a communica
tion yesterday to the Board of Supervisors
Hating: that the time for accenting the
to 8fll th<» Mechanics' Pavilion block
to the city for f 730.000 had expired. One
of the conditions undrr which the offer
wae made was that the city legally accept
the offer not later that March 1. 1002. In
all likelihood should the city apain desire
to buy the property the price will be
raised.
City Fails to Keep Agreement.
Mrs. Lloyd Tevis, widow of the capital*
ist. Is lying dangerously -ill at her resi
dence on Taylor street. She was taken
sick a week ago and is now considered in
a precarious condition. Dr. HertZ3teln,
thq family physician, and her son, Dr.
Harry Tevis, are attending her.
Mrs. Lloyd Tevis Dangerously 111.
A. P. Tugwril of Tacoma, Wash., councilor;
H A. Maydolf of Pan Antonio. Texas, vice
councilor; Ernest Dudcn of San Francisco. e*c
rftary; D. S. Stanley of S&n Francisco,
treasurer; H. C. Schaertzpr of San Francisco,
ettorney: R. E. Bunker of San Francisco, med
ical examiner; E. P. Carlton of Spokane,
Wash., chaplain: Katie MacDonald of Helena,
Mcnt., gruide: Kate J. Youn* Misner of Port
land, Or., warden; Mary Scharfenburg of gan
Antonio, TPXif, eeutlnel; A. P. Tugwell of Ta-
Frank Ijavey of Salem. Or.; A. J. Colby.
H. W. Mathews. Henry O. Schaertzer, R. E.
Bunker, and Erneet Duden of San FranclEco,
trustees.
The Supreme Council of the Order of
Per.do has elected tne following named
as its officers for the current year:
Order of Pendo's New Officers.
"Vain Desire," Miss Minnie Correa; excerpt
from "Sehon Gretleln." Miss Leonore L.. Good
man; (a) "Strampelcn^n," (b) "Zozo Mokeur,"
Miss Margaret Kroenert; (a) "Charmant
oiseau," (b) invocation ("Lohengrin"), Mrs.
Frank E. Booth: duet ("Aida"), Misses Pieper
and Webster; <a) "Dance Song," (b) Senta's
ballad ("Flying Dutchman"), Miss Mabel
Llchtenstein; mad ecene from "Hamlet," Miss
Lulu E. Pieper; (a) "Sapphic Ode," (b)
••Dreams" (study to "Tristan und Isolde"),
Miss Mary E. Webster; "VielUe chanson,"
Mrs. Frank E. Booth; Hungarian dances,
Misses Pieper and Webster.
The vocal recital given by the pupils of
Mme. Julie Rosewald last night at Sher
man & Clay Hall attracted a large and
appreciative audience. The following
ambitious programme was rendered by
the clever young people, Mr. Maurer ac
companying.
Rosewald Pupils Hold Recital.
NEMAHA, Nob., March 7.— Burglars
early to-day wrecked the State Bank of
Nemaha with dynamite, but were fright
ened aw.iy before they secured any plun
der. CU'.zens were aroused by two ex
plosiona and gathered at the bank, but
the rubbers had escaped on a handcar
Th<* «>uU.r door of the safe was blown off
and the building was considerably, dam
aged. Bloodhound? havo been put on the'
"raclc of Ute roboera.
Citizens Scare the Robbers
Another version of the story is that the
Queen Regent is to prolong her regency
for seven years in order to enable the
King to complete his education by travel
etc. The correspondent concludes his let
ter by saying that the censor stops alJ
telegrams on this subject.
LONDON, March 8.— The Dally Mail
this morning publishes a letter from Its
Madrid correspondent, stating th'at all the
important Spanish newspapers. 'are dis
cussing the possible necessity,, of pro
longing the regency, owing to. the In
capacity of King Alfonso to exercise tho
functions of a sovereign. There is talk
of forming a sort of King's council, says
the letter, to be composed of the Queen
Regent, the President of the Cortes . the
Archbishop of Toledo and the ex-Presl
dent of the Council of Ministers. ' :
Sovereign Sway.
to Require His Mother's
SPAIN'S QUEEN REGENT.'
MAY CONTINUE TO 'RULE
Incapacity of Young Alfonso '. Seems
Needles is to have an additional round
house and several new stalls to cost $26,
000, and new section, bunk and tool houses
are to be constructed along the Arizona
division. The cost will be $14,000.
Seligman is to havo a now steel water
tank, to cost $5000. and the yards at that
point are to be remodeled at an additional
cost of $12,000.
New bridge work on the Santa Fe Pa
cific, to be completed in the year, will
cost $133,000. The structures are to be
built of steel.
General Manager Wells has been au
thorized to proceed with the construction
of a new eating house In Merced. The
Bakersfleld eating' f tation is to be over
hauled.
LOS ANGELES. March 7.— General
Manager Arthur G. Wells has been advised
from Santa Fe headquarters in Chicago
that the proposed additional shop facili
ties In San Bernardino- may be hurried to
completion. The company has purchased
120 additional lots there to be used as a
site. The new machinery for tho shops
will cost about JS0,0OO. A car shop is to
be constructed at a cost of $40,000; a new
paint shop,' $27,000; new transfer tables,
»15,000; additional boiler shops, $4500 and
additional machine shops, $31,000. The cost
of a new brass foundry and copper shop
will be 13500; new tracks for yards, $16,
000; new steam and sewer pipes, 510,000,
and a new engine hoist, $5800.
the Railway in California and
Arizona.
Large Sums to Be Expended Along
SANTA FE AUTHORIZES
VAIRIOUS IMPROVEMENTS
"Scherzo" was also handled gracefully
and with a noticeable technical ease. The
beautiful "March" went well, perhaps too
Iclaurely, loose, in its tempo, and the first
movement, . in places delightfully played,
as a whole lacked a little in grip and
eplrit.
As a complete contrast, the Wagner
overture to the "Flying Dutchman" fol
lowed the pymphony, and with startling
effect. Thfi picturesque number was
splendidly played and brought vivid
memories of the wonderful Vandcrdecken
of Blspham and Gadski's noble Senta,
with its haunting themes and stormy
color. Of the daintlent of dainty things
were the two small numbers for string or
chestra that followed the first, a Norwe
gian "Volksmelodle," by Johann Svend
fscn, Just the merest summer murmur,
with a Bong crooning lazily through it;
the second a captivating "Serenade, " by
13. Plerne. The Chabrier "ICnpunola," a
clever, queer, rather grotesque affair,
closed tho programme and the season.
"Finale" went beautifully, with ease,
close accord, spirit and precision, its
varying character treated with grateful
plasticity and full sympathy. The
Looking back upon the lirst concert, for
comparison, the worlc done yesterday —
at the sixth — shows remarkable Improve
ment. The opening number was the third
symphony of Beethoven, and throughout
the gain in freedom and growth of sym
pathy was noticeably in evidence. The
- The last symphony concert of the sea
son was the signal for an encouraging
enthusiasm yesterday afternoon at the
Grand Opera-house, though the house
was only t a fairly large one. After the
symphony ("Eroica"), that came first on
the programme, Mr. Stelndorff was pre
sented with two beautiful flower pieces,
amid a flattering chorus of applause.
Later came more flowers, and -the pro
gramme throughout was greeted with un
wonted enthusiasm. Two of the smaller
numbers were insistently encored, but
Mr. Stelndorff, wiser in his generation
than Mr. Rosenbecker of the Chicago or
chestra of : late memory, refused thus to
mar the symmetry of the programme.
ENTHUSIASM
GREETS LAST
SYMPHONY
BAKERSFIELD. Mar<?h 7.-An extra
freight, castbound, Conductor Calloway,
was delayed four hours this morning a
quarter of a mile this side of 'Mojave by
the breaking of a. •wheel on a car. Three
cars were derailed. No one was injured
and no damage was done further than de
laying traflic.
Freight Cars Derailed
The Columbia Company has arranged to
spend more' than JiiOO.OfX) in Improvements
In the city of Portland immediately.
The company controlling tho Columbia
Telephone Company of this city and most
of the others named is the Northwestern
Telephone Company of Youngstown and
Warren, Ohio.
PORTLAND, Or., March 7.— It is said
that a strong combination of telephone
systems is being formed in the Pacific
Northwest, with lines radiating from
Portland. As far as the Pacific North
west is concerned, the combination as at
present formed includes the Columbia
Telephone Company of Portland, the In
dependent Telephone Company of Seattle,
the Independent Telephone Company of
Spokane, the Seuffert-C'ondon Com
pany of The Dalles, the Independent Tele
phone Company of Salom, the Independ
ent Company of Forest Grove and the In
dependent Company of McMlnnville. Lines
will be run into every town In Oregon and
Washington and probably to parts of Ida
do and Montana.
The second case was that of John Bos
singer, an employe of the Alexandria
Brewery. In order to preserve them large
beer vats have to be varnished inside at
intervals. There is only a small hole In
the vat, through which a man can crawl.
Inside it is as dark as Erebu3 and artifi
cial light has to be used. While Bossinger
was at work the varnish caught fire. For
tunately the varnislr soon burried out. but
not before Bossinger was badly burned,
especially about the face.
»
COMBINATION OF MANY
TELEPHONE SYSTEMS
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 7.— Two
terrible accidents by burning, one result
ing fatally and the other in very painful
injuries, occurred to-day in the vicinity
of Vancouver. A little girl named Fran
ces M. Cook was one of the victims. Her
parents live at Granite Creek. She was
playing in the kitchen, when her mother
happened to go out for a moment. The
child had apparently been climbinft over
chairs and slipping from one of these she
fell into a huge kettle of boiling water.
The little one slowly boiled to death. In
a few minutes her screams attracted her
mother, who snatched the child out of the
water. The little girl was dead within a
few minutes. ¦ •
CHILD MEETS DEATH
IN BOILING WATER
This was followed by a prayer and then
the remains were taken to the Odd Fo\
lowe 1 Cemotory, when* the remaining por
tion of the Druldlo service was held. The
funeral cortege was mad* up of the chap
ter, the grov* and the lady mr-mbers of
Boadlcea Circle of lhe Druldessc3.
Past Grand Master W. H. Barnes of the
Odd Fellows, at the request of that or
der, added many eloquent words In praise
of the deceased, who he declared was not
only an Odd Fellow In name, but In fact,
and ppoke of his noble efforts for that or
panlzatlon and for the advancement of
the Veteran Odd Fellows, a branch of the
order, to whlrh no one is eligible, who has
not been twenty-one years a member of
some subordinate lodge.
The casket in which rested the remains
of the venerable Druid was surrounded
with a great many beautiful floral tri
butes of fraternal and personal sym
pathy. The very impressive service of
the order was conducted by the officers
of the grove and the Knickerbocker quar
tet rendered several appropriate numbers,
after which Past Noble Grand Arch
Georgre H. Bahrs delivered the eulogy on
behalf of the Druids, reviewing the life
of the deceased and dwelling at length
upon the many years he had spent in
works of charity and benevolence and In
the uplifting of mankind. -
The funeral of the late John Hutton,
who was secretary of Hartnagle Chapter,
the highest branch of the United Ancient
Order of Druids, and who was one of the
oldest members of California in the order,
also a member of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows and of the Improved
Order of Red Men, took place yesterday
from Druids' Hall on Sutter street. The
service, which was under the auspices of
Hesperian Grove, U. A. O. D., in which
he held his membership, was attended by
a large number of the several branches of
the order, many members of the Odd
Fellows and of the Red Men. as well as
personal friends.
mains of the Late John
Hutton.
Druids Hold Service Over the Re-
GOES TO HIS FINAL REST
MIDST BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.— Irving
M. Scott of San Francisco has confided
to Senator Bard that he intends to enter
the Senatorial race against Mr. Perkins.
Mr. Scott told others of his ambition in
this direction and canvassed different
members of the House delegation as to
what they, thought of his chances. He
stated to certain persons here that the
political situation in California is very
chaotic. Incidentally he regretted that
Gage would be a. candidate to succeed
himself arid made no secret of his Inten
tion to oppose Gage. Senator Bard ad
mitted that Mr. Scott had discussed the
political situation, but declined to reveal
particulars of their, talk.
Senatorial Race.
Announces His Intention of Entering
SCOTT HAS AMBITIOUS.
tention in the House.
WASHINGTON. March 7.— The bill to
classify the rural free delivery service
and to place the carriers under, the con
tract system held the floor In the House
to-day. By an amicable arrangement
general debate will be concluded to-mor
row and the bill will be considered under
the five-minute rule on Monday.
Bills were passed providing for print
ing 99.000 copies of the special report on
the diseases of cattle and 200,000 copies of
the report on diseases of the horse, two
thirds for tho use of tho House and one
third for the use of the Senate, and for
the purchase or construction of a launch
for the customs service at Astoria, Or.
•
Major General MacArthur, commanding
the Department of Calorado at Denver,
undoubtedly will be transferred to the
command of the Department of the Lake*
an soon as his successor in command of
the Department of Colorado is selected.
DEBATE ON RURAL DELIVERY.
Bill to Classify Service Occupies At-
WASHINGTON, March 7.-An order is
sued to-day by Lieutenant General Miles,
commanding the army, directs Brigadier
General J. C Bates, commanding the De
partment of the Missouri at Omaha, to
take temporary command of the Depart
ment of the Lakes at Chicago on the re
tirement of Major General Otis on the
25th inst. This assignment is in addition
to General Bates' present duty and is
only temporary, pending the assignment
of a -permanent commander of the De
partment of the Lakes.
of the Department' of the
Lakes.
Sates Will Have Temporary Charge
GENERAL MILES ORDERS
CHANGE IN COMMANDERS
Mondell points out that with such a
¦wide domain no agency other than th=
Government can deal adequately with tho
problem of irrigation. He also shows
that irrigation long ago passed the ex
perimental stage and that its great ad
vantages have been established in this
country and abroad. The bill, he says,
prcpo&es no taxation to carry, out the ir
rigation project, the entire expense being
derived from the sale of public lands in
the States to be irrigated.
The report says that the territory af
fected by the bill is nearly one-half the
area of the United States and that in the
sixteen "arid land States there are over
535,000,000 acres, or more than one-six
teenth of the area of the country of pub
lic land subject to entry. Of this vast
tract only ten 'million acres will produce
crops without irrigation, showing the wide
extent of the arid districts.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The New
lands irrigation bill was reported to the
House to-day by Representative Mon
dell of Wyoming in behalf of the Irriga
tion Committee.
Bill and Explains About the
Arid Lands.
GOVERNMENT MUST
DEAL WITH IRRIGATION
Wyoming Congressman Reports a
LONDON, March 8.— A dispatch printed
to-day in the Standard from its corre
spondent at Constantinople says that
since the liberation of Miss Ellen II.
Stone, the American missionary, numer
ous revolutionary bands have crossed
from Bulgaria into Turkish territory, tak
ing advantage of the temporary with
drawal of troops from the frontier. This
v.as evidently planned by the Macedonian
committee, explains the correspondent,
and. although no Immediate danger la
feared, such crossing of the frontier may
result in conflicts with the Ottoman
forces.
m
Revolutionists Pass Into Turkey.
DENVER, March 7.— A special to the
Republican from Telluride says two mea
were carried down the mountain about
1000 feet by two snowslides at the San
Miguel mine to-day. Neither was killed.
They are Isaac Johnson, a trammer, and
Hermann Goettinger, a cook. Johnson
was severely Injured.
News from the Ing.ram basin was re
ceived to-day. The" seven miners for
whose safety much alarm has been felt
are alive and well. The story of a fatal
slide at the Butterfly-Terrible mine is said
to be unfounded. The mill at the Silver
Chief mine, owned by former Governor
Alva Adams, has been destroyed by a
snowslide. No one was hurt. The work
of recovering the bodies of slide victims
at the Liberty Bell mine has been sus
pended on account of recent storms.
The most brilliant golf of the day wa»
shown by David Bell, who came in the
morning, 38, five strokes under bogey.
Snowslides Overtake Two Men.
LOS ANGELES. March 7.— Alexander
Smith, professional golfer at Coronado
Beach, was the most brilliant of the gal
axy of stars in the Southern California
open championship competition at the
Country Club links to-day. Smith not on)y
led all contestants by a large margin, but.
established a new competition record for
the course for thirty-six and eighteen
holes. His total score for the day, thirty
six holes, was Ia3, and his afternoon round
was made in the remarkably low figure of
74. six strokes below bogey. His nearest
and most dangerous competitor, hia
brother. Willie Smith, though playing a
good game, in eight strokes in the rear.
Twenty-six contestants entered tho
tournament, and of these fifteen are pro
ftsslonals. Among them are the Smith
brothers, Willie Anderson, the United
States champion, and David Bell, players*
who stand at the head of the game In
America. The best amateurs on the coast
alto are participating. Walter Fairbanks.
Pacific Coast champion, and C. E. Maud
of Riverside are third and fourth, re
spectively, In the competition. Maud sot
a new mark for amateurs in competition
in the morning, making the round in 78.
GOOD GOLF PIRATING.
BERLIN, March 7.— Extra edition* of
the evening papers here publish a report
that Commandant , Kritzinger, who was
captured by General FTench In Decem
ber last was, after being tried by court-,
martial, condemned to death, but that hia
sentence was commuted to banishment
for life.
LONDON, March 8.— Cabling from Jo
hannesburg, the correspondent of th«
Daily Mail cites the first reported casca
whereby British troops have been shot
for misconduct. The correspondent says
two irregulars, who were convicted by
court-martial of shooting a Boer after he
had surrendered.. were shot last week at
Pretoria.
» ..
COMMANDANT KRITZINOER
REPORTED TO BE ALIV3
"That plant will not be ready for han
dling messages inside of three months,"!
said Marconi, "and we may not be »nc
shape- to send and receive commercial
business before the end of the year. Cape
Breton is the nearest available location
to England on this side of the Atlantic;
with a distance of only 2000 miles. As wo
have already signaled 2099 miles, from
the Cornwall station to shipboard, and re
ceived a message up to 1551 miles, I am
very hopeful of the practical success o£
the Canadian station. The instrument*,
there will be as powerful as those in the
station at Poldhu and the transmission
should work both ways without serious
obstacles. At Cape Cod we will begin to.
rebuild the plant at once and install a
similar permanent equipment."
NEW YORK, March 7.— Marconi will
leave for Canada to-morrow to supervise,
arrangements for a permanent signal sta
tion on Cape Breton. He will not remairt
in Canada more than a fortnight, thence
returning to New York on hia way to.
England. As soon as the apparatus la
installed at Cape Breton he will return,
frcm Europe to conduct experiments.
MARCONI HAS HOPES
OF GREATER STJCCESS
The' Mayor was authorized to dispose
of the certificates of sale of certain real
estate surrendered by A. C. Widber, the
former defaulting Treasurer, and now
held by the city. The committee takes
the view that once the property is vested
in the city it can never be transferred.
The City Attorney was requested to
advise whether the Police Commission has
power to purchase non-contract goods.
The claims of former City Surveyor 8.
Harrison Smith, aggregating J5776 30,
drawn on the surplus fund, were rejected
with the exception of the Mission-street
survey claim, for $1041 10.
The" pensioned officers of the police de
partment petitioned for an adequate ap
propriation for pensions which are now
in arrears, and they were notified to have
a representative present when the next
tax budget is fixed.
Tax Collector Smith addressed the com
mittee on the necessity of these assist
ants, saying that they had been recom
mended by the Mayor. The committee is
in doubt "whether or not the appointee
lor cashier must be taken from the c*vil
service eligible list. In that event the
salary would be limited to $100 per month.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
met last night to consider the proposed
ordinance authorizing the Tax Collector
to employ a cashier and a stock clerk
for the license department at salaries of
$150 and J100 per month respectively. The
committee decided that the stock clerk
must be taken from the civil service list
and requested the City Attorney for his
opinion as to the power of the Board of
Supervisors to create the position of
cashier and whether or not the appoint
ment may be made without applying to
the board.
Asks Iiegal Advice as to Certain
Civil Service Requirements.
Supervisors' Finance Committee
PLACES IN TAX OFFICE
TJUDEB- CONSIDERATION
Misses Viola Vennekohl, Freda Rodenberg,
Mac Peters, Haze! Terry, Bertha Moss, Erna
Schoerholz, Etta Van Vlack, Laura Sullivan,
Lila Evans, Lulu Crowe, Eleanor Mead, Mary
Conner and Rudolph GIngg, John Koley, Mar
ion Mayers, Joy Rothschilds.
The' pupils also left copies of the ad
dress with the Board of Education and
Superintendent Webster. The names of
those who visited the Mayor are: ¦
In conclusion, we desire to express our
thanks to you personally, aa Mayor of this city,
to the Hon. R. H. "Webster, Superintendent
of Schools, and the Honorable Board of Edu
cation, for recognizing our school, by giving it
prominence as an independent commercial
school.
To us, as pupils of the commercial school,
it haa always seemed an injustice to attach
us to a grammar Echool, especially every one
who enters that school must be a graduate
from a grammar echool or high school before
he can do so. To receive a diploma after we
have spent from one and a haif to two years
in that school, stating that we graduated
irom a department of a grammar school, it is
to say the least misleading and an injustice.
"When the good news was received that tho
commercial' school had been made an inde
pendent commercial school, both teachers and
pupils . were delighted. This happiness . was,
however, marred to some extent, when on
reading an evening paper, certain strictures
were made upon Principal Murphy by a mem
ber of the Board of Education. This appears
to us an injustice, in view of the fact that
this school has never been honored with a
visit from that official. Those of us who daily
come in touch with our principal entertain al
together a different opinion and have the full
est confidence in his ability to make this
school equal to any of the kind in the United
States.
To the Hon. E. E. Schmltz, Mayor; Hon. R.
H. Webster, Superintendent of Schools, and
to the Hon. Board of Education — Gentlemen:
On behalf of the pupils of the ' commercial
school just established, we, a committee of the
pupils of the school, appear before you to ex
press our sincere thanks and deep gratitude
to you in helping ub in obtaining an independ
ent school. During the present year there has
been enrolled G50 pupils ! in the commercial
f.chool, all of whom aro graduates of a gram
mar or high school. Of this number more
tl;an 150 have received lucrative positions in
the large business houses of this city through
the assistance and Influence of Principal Mur
phy.
The pupils attending the commercial
department of the Lincoln Evening
School, which was recently put on an
independent baBis by the Board of Edu
cation, visited Mayor Schmltz yesterday
to thank him for his assistance in the
establishment of a business school. The
pupils had prepared an address, which
was read by Miss Lila Evans, and is as
follows: .
Klump was interviewed at the -jail to
night. He is about 35 years of age. He
declared he was entirely innocent of the
charge on which he was arrested. He said
he had no knowledge of what the alleged
sample headache powders contained, or
whence they came. He got the envelope
containing the powder addressed to hia
wife at the Lowell postoftlce with some
other mail and brought it to the house,
supposing it was an ordinary advertising
sample. He denied the truth of the re
ports that he had been attentive to an
other woman, or that there was any rea
son for his wanting hl3 wife out of the
way. •*%>¦¦»
The Sheriff and his deputies are trying
to locate Hattie Whitfleld. .She at one
time lived in this city and it is said that
Klump visited her home. Officers went
to the house of her parents. In Vergennes
to-day, but did not find her there, nor
could they learn where she had gone.
After a diligent inquiry into the circum
stances of. the case Sheriff Chapman took
William Klump into custody and lodged
him in jail here. The officers express the
belief that the deadly powders sent
through the mails were substituted for
the harmless headache powders which the
envelopes had originally contained and
that they were sent to several physicians
in the village for the purpose of throw
ing the blame upon the manufacturers of
the headache remedy and thus diverting
suspicion from the sender of the poison.
The officers who have investigated the
case state that Klump was infatuated
with another woman, a widow, whom, it
is alleged, he had agreed to marry before
he met and won the love of the pretty
16-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wat
son of Lowell. Klump had been married
twice. His first wife lives in Lowell and
it is alleged that the other woman In the
case was the cause for his separation
from her also. ....;• . .
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. March 7.—De
velopments in the investigation into the
death of Mrs. Ada Klump, the young wife
of William Klump of Lowell, point to one
of the most cold-blooded murders Michi
gan has ever known.
Frost said to-night that notwithstand
ing that he is in jail he will prosecute the
appeal he has taken. - He said he had
nothing to say in criticism of his oppo
nents and would simply fight the verdict
against him on technical grounds.
Of Frost's colleagues in the Nome scan
dal, Noyes has been deprived of his Dis
trict Judgeship and subjected to a fine of
$1000; Knight has lost the office of United
States District Attorney for Alaska and
is now serving a term of six months in
the San Francisco County Jail; Frost, in
addition to having to serve a sentence of
one year, has lost the position of Assist
ant United States District Attorney that
he held.
Frost asked if he would be arrested in
Washington or San Francisco, and, upon
being assured that if he would agree to
go to San Francisco he need not surren
der himself until he arrived there, he
started on the journey. He notified Unit
ed States District Attorney Woodford to
day of his arrival, stating that he was
prepared to suffer his sentence. The Dis
trict Attorney then directed him to this
side of the bay.
After his conviction Frost secured a
stay of* execution of sixty days, during
which he proposed to prepare an appeal
from the decision against him. Instead
of devoting- his attention to this task,
however, he Is said to have spent his
time lobbying among hia friends in Wash
ington, hoping through- them to get an
absolute pardon. When Judge Morrow
heard of tnis imposition on the court, he
arbitrarily vacated the stay of execution
and notified Frost that he must prepare
to go to jail.
OAKLAND, March 7.— C. A. S. Frost,
who, with ex-Judge Noyes and former
United States District Attorney Knight,
was implicated in the Nome mine-jump
ing scandals and recently convicted of
contempt of court before Judge Morrow,
surrendered himself at the Alameda Coun
ty Jail to-night, where he announced his
readiness to serve his sentence of one
year."
Allen says the paper was written by
Dr. Jessup while he was on bis deathbed.
It consists of the leaves of an Insurance
memorandum book upon which are writ
ten in pencil a description of the way in
which the tragedy of which Dr. Jessup
was a victim occurred and finishing with
a wish that all his effects be given to
Allen. It was neither signed nor wit
nessed.
Judge Ellsworth said the paper was too
indefinite to be considered a will. In
answer to his questions Allen said that
Dr. Jessup left a lot of papers In the base
ment of his home, but that they had never
been examined. The court finally denied
Allen's petition for the probate of the
supposed will and ordered him to search
the papers in the basement for a will.
Dr. Jessup's estate is worth about $500,
consisting of dental tools and Jewelry.
The deceased had a divorced wife and
child, but nobody knows where they are
now.
Thomas Allen of Berkeley was in Judge
Ellsworth's court this morning to support
a paper which he Insists is the will of the
late Dr. John G. Jessup, who was shot
and killed in Berkeley last June by the
Rev. Charles G. Adams, while endeavor
ing to protect the unfrocked minister's
daughter from the inebrietlc assaults of
her father.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 7.
It is said that some of the Chinese in
the shed have sent petitions to their rela
tives in Hongkong asking that they be
allowed to return home, as they see no
chance of escaping or being landed.
Collector Spear is satisfied with the
result of the search and feels that if the
Chinese had had these weapons at the time
of the last outbreak his men would have
fared much worse than they did. In or
der that no large number of deadly
weapons may be accumulated searches
will be made from time to time.
Bunks were turned upside down, trunks
and carpet bags and other belongings
were ransacked and as thorough an in
spection as possible was made. The re
sult was the finding of a large number of
razors, nearly every Chinese .possessing
one, several heavy and very sharp cleav
ers, a long bread knife with a razor-Iika
edge and a pair of shears used for cut
ting wire.
About 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon he
detailed Inspectors Sackett, Moore, Lin
quest, McDonald, Gallagher, Carlen and
Head to make a thorough search of the
quarters occupied by the Chinese. As
soon as the inspectors arrived they hud
dled the Chinese from room to room and
made a thorough pearch of all their be
longings. •
Word was received yesterday by Col
lector of the Port Joseph S. Spear Jr.
that the detained Chinese were again pre
paring for an outbreak and were acquir
ing all sorts of arms in order to make a
more determined resistance than before.
The reports received by the Collector were
of such a nature that he determined to
act at once.
Ever since the outbreak of the. Chinese
a few days ago in the detention shed at
the Pacific Mail dock prior to their de
portation to China a wary eye has been
kept upon those confined there. Consid
erable dissatisfaction exists among the
Chinese, ntany of whom have been cooped
up there for months. Besides there are
a number of turbulent spirits among
them, ready to incite an outbreak at any
time.
Burke was dazed when Anderson
reached him. He was taken by the lat
ter to the Harbor Hospital, where .his
condition became serious and the surgeon
feared that the man's skull was frac
tured. It was said at the hospital that
Burke may die.
When the ruffians had rendered their
victim unconscious they began rifling his
pockets. John M. Anderson, a cripple
living at 210 Steuart street, came along
and the assailants decamped, taking with
them $40 of the sailor's money.
The latest victim of the desperadoes is
Charles Burke, a sailor on the steamer
Pasadena. ' He was walking along East
street and when between Howard and
Mission was approached by two men, one
striking him first on the mouth and then
on the head, presumably with an iron
pipe or bar.
That the footpads of the city are de
termined to carry on their murderous at
tacks on citizens was again demonstrated
last night in a most brutal and daring
manner.
It was finally decided to take Miss
Schneider to the Receiving Hospital In
Oakland and have her examined as to
her sanity. This was done to-day: The
lunacy, commissioners recommended that
she be committed to an asylum. Superior
Judge Ogden deferred final action in the
case at the request of Miss Schneider's
sister^ who desires to communicate with
a brother in Chicago about caring for
their demented relative. In the mean-,
time Miss Schneider is detained at the
Receiving Hospital.
Two weeks ago Miss Schneider's^rela
tives observed that she was acting
strangely and talking incoherently. They
had her conveyed to the Alameda Sani
tarium and placed under the care of a
physician and nurses, with the hope that
her mania might be cured. Within the
past few days the condition of the un
fortunate young woman became aggra
vated and she evinced a tendency to de
stroy whatever she could lay hands on.
ALAMEDA, March 7.— Constant brood
ing: upon the fate of the murdered Nora
Fuller has so affected the mind of Misa
Mary Schneider that she Is. now a
maniac. She Imagines that she Is Nora
Fuller, and in her fits of frenzy fights a
visionary tall man whom she thinks is
trying to choke here. When not battling
with the imaginary strangler Miss
Schneider weeps over the death of his
girlish victim.
Miss Schneider made her home with the
family, of her brother-in-law, "VV. W.
Scherer, at the West End. She was a
close reader of the newspaper accounts
of the Nora Fuller tragedy. Everything
pertaining to that foul crime she perused
with avidity and v.-as noticeably im
pressed with all the details published
concerning the deed.
Husband of Young Woman
Who Died Suddenly
Is Arrested.
Show Appreciation of Late
Change in Status of the
Institution.
Says Nothing in Criticism
of Opponents, but Will
Fight Verdict.
Razors, Knives and Cleavers
in Readiness for an
Outbreak.
Imagines That a Strangler Is
Trying to Make Her
His Victim.
Kifl3 His Pockets and De
camp With ?heir
Booty.
Describes the Way the Rev.
Charle3 G. Adams Shot *
Physician.
Allen Claims the Slain
Doctor Executed
Instrument.
Member of Nome Federal
Ring Now Serving
His Sentence.
Michigan Officers Find
. Evidence of Great
Crime.
Mary Schneider Broods
on Murder Until She
Becomes Insane.
Search of Detention Shed
Is Made by Customs
Inspectors.
Thugs Strike Charles
Burke on Head With
Iron Bar.
Delegation From Lincoln
School Calls Upon
His Honor.
INSISTS JESSUP
WROTE HIS WILL
PUPILS THANK
MAYOR FOR AID
FROST ENTERS
ALAMEDA JAIL
BELIEVES SHE
IS NORA FULLER
POISON COMES
IN THE MAILS
CHINESE HIDE
MANY WEAPONS
BRUTAL ASSAULT
BY HIGHWAYMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 1902.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
OAKLAND, March 7.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to William Flnkeldry,
aged 33. and Olga Walkerton, 22, both of
Oakland.' .
Licensed to Marry.
Henry Bischoff.
NEW YORK, March 7.— Henry Bischoff,
senior member of the banking firm of
Henry Bischoff & Co., died at his home
in this city to-day. He was born in
Baden, Germany, in 1S27, and came to this
country in 1847. In 1S50 he established the
banking firm which bore his name.
9
GBAPE-1TUTS.
Jfjijk What They
J&P\ I !^Ci^ - Composition of the
/ gPA GRAPE-NUTS
v- A widespread interest has been cre-
&< \ ¦/ >^E*^J7 ated among good livers as to the com-
gtA £ \ V"*^ position of Grape-Nuts, the popular
»T? \ \^ ~T^4 food. It has lung been known to physl-
'. ; *^V J aifM$Z$i cians, chemists and food experts that.
><^((^)fi»S% lhe st archy portion of entire wheat
• f1cur and barIf ' y is transformed into a
WJj&s&'br-'-J -¦ yjj3**^ lrue an<1 very choice supar by the act
¥&&$M&&^'^ MWHftW of IntestfnaI digestion in the human
tfPiSsiif Wxffliism body. This sugar is identical with and
UrNI^f (t&Wpw is known as srape supar, and it is in
?T>/''r'/ /jife&vrf condition for immediate transformation
WfMf*3 f^M/ into k Io °d and the necessary structure
wJrtfPC^ t'^ZrjZp- from which the delicate nerve centers
sijj|||J V;*tfjjSiP~ ' ~ A foO(i ex P ert of tJie Postum Cereal
m£M 1^^^ Co., Ltd.. Battle Creek, Mich., followed
a^^J a line of experiments until he produced
VmffiA * the food called Grape-Nuts, of which
gSigftg f fijSft ffffi '^"'^^'Sfnp^ • K ra P e sugar forms the principal part,
iX/j0^ffi i p ' I fT* J anc * It ' s produced by following out
tffimn~ '""/)' / u^~—TJA nature's processes in a mechanical
jjaSSsLs^''' jrjf I \wTRvr way. That Is, heat, moisture and time
fitfSifk y 9 "^ I ! J '^^^S^Sl*- i are tne metn °ds employed and directed
EE&5gL<^*^ t j b ' Iffftfffljf.wh'' \ by scientific facts gained in research.
y%4&£t\ II *" I Grape-Nuts are probably entitled to
8Kk@|' ! £*^ f Jf /V^s\.*****S^"*. lnc * claim to be the most perfectly
lmj*fc j'fj i^C'y^' adapted food for human needs now
!|j35?jp\ yy *" r '*'-'B } . *" /&—> ( ' xtrint - Certain it Js that the users
• 'U£&£&kS'^ '' yS o«=5 <3«;IlRht In the flavor nnd the perfect ac-
j^S y^ y tiou of intestinal digestion during tli-i
v-£-** i S5v£Si25x jr i~ ufo of Grape-Nuts is satisfying, and
£m ' s? S lhe added strength of body confirms
the facts.United States Const and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Ilelgbts . of Illnh and Low
Wnteru at Fort Point, entrnnco to Ban
1'runclBco Bay. - Published by official uu
thority or the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tho lilfh and low waters occur at
the city front i6II*slon-street whnrf) nbout
twenty-flve minutes Inter thnn at Fort Point:
the height of tldo I* tho sunie at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FROM BEATTLE.
Httiuner. For. Balls.
Dertha Cooltg Inlft k WnyPtn. Mnr. 12
City Beottls.. Hknitwny ft- Way Ports. Mar. 12
Dlrltto HkuKway & Way Ports.ilnr.il
M. Thompson. Cooks Inlet A way Pt». Mat. 1»
NomoClty... Cooks Inlet & Way Pt«. Mar. 10
AI-KI HkflRwny A Way Ports. Mnr. 1(1
Cottnge City. Hkagwuy & Way Portti, Mar. 1(1
Steamer. \ Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 8. . *¦-- •
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier a
Pt. Arena.. p o lnt Arena 2 pm Pier 2
San Jose... Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Alameda. . . Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
March 9.
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Kar.ta Ana. Seattle & Tacorna .. 10 am Pier a
Spokane. . . gan Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
G. W. Kldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier a*
Isorth Fork Humboldt 9 am' Pier 2
„ „ , March 10.
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt » am Pier 13
_ . Mnrch 11.
J? lB --- Hamburg & "Way Pier 27
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pxer n
Mnreli 12.
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What. 5 cm Pier 2
Meteor Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier —
State of Cal. San Diego & Way.. 0 am|Pier 11
Palena Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m|i J ier 10
Mandalay: . Coaulllo River .... 10 am Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Porte 11 am Pier 0
March 13.
O, Llndauei Grnys Harbor Pier —
Coronudo.. drays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Coptic ' China & Japan.... 1 pin PM33
Miirt'h 14.
Arcata Cooa B. & Pt. Orfd 12 in Pier 13
Czarina..., Benttla & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier H
Columbia.. Antorla * Portland 11 am Pl«r 2t
Mnrch IS. |
Uonlta N«wr>nrt * NVnvPtsi 0 am Pl«r 11
j.akme Astoria & Portland. ...... Plor —
Q. Dollar.. Omv" Harbor 0 pm it'ler 2
Mnrch 17.
Argyll..... N. Y. via Punnmn. 2 pm Pier 10
Quflcn ruB*t 8ound Ports. 11 nm IMer 0
Jtlval WIHiuw Hni»>nr.... 8 pm Pier 2
' Vnrcli 18. I
Newport... rnnnnut A Way PUI12 m PMB8
SATUItDAY, MARCH 8.
Secretary ; A. ' K.' . StevenB of the Sutro
Rnllway Company filed a'Btatemont with
tho Board of Supervisors yesterday show
ing that tho gross receipts of the company
from" February ']," 3fK)l, to February 1, 1002,
wore $17,734 40. Two per cent of this
amount, or $054 69, will be paid Into tho
city troaaurv.
Receipts of Sutro Bond.
The Board of Public Works adopted a
rcHolutlon yesterday, requesting the City
Attorney to give an opinion on the foi
lowing HUbJects: ° *?•:
Whether It Is within the power of the h.»,*
with or without authority of tho Supervf^r.
or at all to perform th« Cleaning and t ¦nJi-F
lln« of streets Itself Instead of eStertag RuS :
contract therefor. '"* lnto a
In ease a contractor who ha* the con»™ »
for cleaning streets falls or neglccfs »« A.u'
work according to speclHcatlons what remeciv
la there aside from a recourse to thl y ,
exacted from the contractor? Don<1
If a contract la declared forfeited must ?>,.
board proceed to award a contract for tho t
expired term and permit the streets .„"«"*
uncleaned during tho period lnterv.nl.! ain
do tho work itself? ""ervtnlng or
Work of Cleaning and Sprink
ling Streets.
Asks City Attorney if It Can Do
3J0ARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
DESIRES LEGAL ADVICE
Branch Hydrogrophlo Office, U. S. N., Mer
¦'" ¦¦ chants' Exchange-, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 7, 1002.
The Time Pall on the tower of tho Ferry
building was dropped exactly; at noon to-day,
i. ; e., nt noon of the ; 120th merdlun, or at 8
p. m,, Qrcenwlch mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
¦ . Llcutennnt, U. S. N., 'In charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the .above exposition, of tho tide*
the. early morning tides ero given In the left
hand column and tho successive -tides of the
day in tha order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives tho last tide of tho
day, except when thorp urc but three tides, as
Rometlmes occurs. - Tho heights Riven ure In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
hIkh precedes the height, and then the number
Riven Is subtracted (rum tho depth given . by
the charts. The piano of reference Is the mean
oi the lower low waters.fjtfZMSMra
Hun rises « :31
Bun sets 0:10
Moon risen 5:1-1 a. m.
O Time Time Tlmis Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
9 L W/ H W Ii W HW ,
8 0:08 2.2 ioTlO "Tl 4:30 0.5 11:17 8.0
0 4:80 1.8 10:fi7 ft.2 5:00 0.7 11:43 -6.1
10 5:1_>L' 1.4 11:45 6.2 5:47 1.0:
II w i, w • H w ¦ L. w •¦.;.
11 0:15 5.1 0:00 1.112:3,1 6.0 (1:25 1.4
12' 0:17 5.2 fl:56 0.8 1:28 4.8 7:08 1.8
1.1 1:22 5.2 7:4(1 0.7 2:2N 4.5 7:40 2.2
14. 3:01 5.2 8:10 0.0 3:30 4.2 8:40 2.0
Tho reception committees will bo headed
by tho presidents of both organizations,
and will consist of the presidents of the
county societies and State auxiliaries
Mrs. I. Lowenberg was appointed chair
man of the entertainment committee, and
Mrs. Payot and A. W. Cornwall will look
after the interests of the press.
It was reported that Rear Admiral
Glass, in charge of the naval training sta
tion at Goat Island, and Colonel Rawles
of the Presidio, had offered to furnish the
music for the reception, which will last
from 3 to 6 o'clock. Refreshments will be
served. Tin plates, cups, knives, forks
and spoons, all stamped with the Insignia
of tho organization, will be utilized, and
visitors will be allowed to retain them as
souvenirs.
Final arrangements for the Red Cross
reunion to bo held In the nave of the
Ferry building on tho afternoon of March
16 wero completed yesterday at a Joint
meeting of the California State Red
Cro33 and the San Francisco Red Cross
held yesterday at the Sorosls Club rooms.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, president of the
State organization, and Mrs. John F.
Merrill of tho local organization, divided
the honors of presiding.
Furnish Bands for the
Function.
Heads of Army nnd Navy Agree to
RED CROSS TO HOLD
• A UNIQUE RECEPTION
Justices' Clerk Dispute.
Judge Cook stated yesterday that h«
and Judfiroa SIosh and Muraxky. who
h'-ard the argument on the amended com
plitlnt on the writ of Injunction to re
rtraJn thft Auditor from auditing the de
mand of Powcl Fredrick a* Jugtlces'
rierk, hod acm-d upon their d«elnlon and
ii'.n it would probably l>o delivered this
morning.
Critterden Thornton occupied the great
er part of the session of the Court of Ap
jjcals in arguing a motion for a new trial
of the case of ex-Captain John M. Keall
on a charge of embezzling money depos
ited by a soldier of his troop. Xeall is
now in the San Quentln penitentiary
nerving a sentence of two years' Impris
onment. The argument was submitted
end taken un6>r advisement.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday denied the petition of
Charles R. Mains for a writ of habeas
corpus. The court did not think that it
had jurisdiction in the matter, and was
of opinion that the petition did not state
any grounds for the issuance of a writ
Mains is being held under an order of
United States District Judge de Haven
to await the action of the Federal Grand
Jury in the matter of the charge aerainst
him of having used the mails with fraud
ulent intent.
Jack 1ST eall Is Argued, and
Submitted.
Hotion for New Trial for Captain
HAINS' PETITION FOE
HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
O. H. Woodworth was fined $100 yester
day by United States District Judge de
Haven, the extreme penalty provided in
the statute, for being in possession of a
counterfeit money device for advertising
purposes. Woodworth paid the fine and
was released.
Secret Service Agents Hazen, Crontn.
Moffltt and Foster expressed themselves
yesterday as being- very much dissatisfied
with the outcome of the trial. They said
that they had more than sufficient evi
dence to convict on all the counts in the
indictment, but they were unable to get
their evidence before the Jury. They had
sent to VerBennls, Vt., they said, for a
counterfeiting press which "Woodworth
had left in care of a woman there. The
press was here, but on account of the
manner in which the case was handled
they were not allowed to submit it to the
jury together with the steel blanks and
files found In Woodworth' a trunk.
With reference to the $29,000 real estate
transaction In which Woodworth figured
at Long Beach last summer, the secret
service men say that Woodworth had
$400 in one-hundred-dollar bills ancr a wad
of one-dollar notes, and that when Wood
worth paid Kempfer for the ranch ha
made four piles of the notes with a one
hundred-dollar bill on the . top of each
pile. Mrs. Wunder, the old man's daugh
ter, who had been "hypnotized" by Wood
worth, counted the money for the old
folks and announced the total as $29,000.
Before Woodworth left Los Angele*
County he sent the deeds to Kansa3,
where the ranch was situated, and they
would have been recorded had It not been
for Woodworth's carelessness in neglect
ing to affix the required war tax stamps
to the papers.
The deeds were subsequently canceled
by order of court, and honors were even,
old man Kempfer retaining the ranch
and Woodworth his bills. Woodworth
was tried for stealing the deeda, but was
acquitted, the court holding that a deed
had no money value whatever beyond the
Intrinsic value of the paper or parchment
upon which It was written.
WESTMORE PLEADS GTJELTY
TO TWO SERIOUS CHARGES
Fears to Face a Jury, Having a Prior
Conviction Standing Against
His Name. , V. -
E. O. Westmore. alia* P. Wilson, who
was held to answer on two charges of
assault to murder, pleaded guilty in
Judge Dunne's court yesterday to a
charge of assault to murder and a charg*
of u.in.'uUt with a deadly weapon. He will
be sentenced on Monday. Westmorei ad
mttted n prior conviction of burglary an<!
his sentence will probably b« a heavy
one.
On Chrlstmnn night Westmore madn
hlmsrlf obnoxious In the Montaomerv
Ilotrl. 227 floennd street, tie hnd been
drinking nnd tho night clerk, Itana lui
vemon. ordered him out. Weitmnre
thereupon drew a revolver and shot Hal.
venion. wounding him seriously. Charlm
Tcnne, n bartender, living at fo Tehama
street, happened to bn passing nt tho
time, nnd westmoro also shot and seri
ously wounded him.
Westmore claimed that he was a ma
chinist from tho East. When ho was ar
rested ho was recognized as an ex-ronvict
who, under tho name of P. Wilson
served a term of seven years In San
Quentln for burglary committed In
w ln §? , Count y- He was released on Octo
ber 21 last.
GRAIN BROKER McDONAXD
FOUND DEAD IN HIS BOOM
Death Is Supposed to Have Been ,
Caused by Sudden Attack H
of Heart Disease.
Alexander McDonald, the well-known
jrraln broker of the firm of Schwabacher
Brothers, 112 California street, died sud
denly last Thursday night or early yester
day morning at his room in the Lick
House. II© had been complaining of patria
in the heart and stomach and attributed
them to Indigestion. Early last Thursday
evening the pains grew worse, but at 11
o'clock he said that they had disappeared
and that he was feeling well again.
At 9:30 o'clock yesterday morning Mc-
Donald having failed to appear at th*
breakfast table. John J. Fleming knocked
at the door of his room, and receiving
no reply, stood on a chair, looked over tho
transom and saw McDonald lying on tho
floor. An entrance was forced and a phy
sician summoned, who found that death
had occurred many hours previously.
'McDonald was a native of Scotland, «7
ycar £ °-L agc -; T HIs possessions are valu« <l
at $200,000. He had no relatives In th!3
State.
Complains of Telephone Service
Matthew McCurrle of 715 Capp street pe
titioned the Board of Supervisors yester
day to pass an ordinance Umltlnsr tho
number of subscribers on a telephone lln*
In order to protect tho public. McCurrta
alleges that on the now twenty-party
lines now belnc installed Kirls on tho line
represent themselves as "central." ask for
the number and then the nickel which 13
glvon and no Bervice Is rendered. With
a smaller number on tho lln»> It would not
be so hard to detect tho offenders. Tho.
company's* excuse for Rlvinu wh P°i ir
aervlco is that they want to introduce tho
telephone In every house, and MUKSent It
better service Is desired to pay for a teic-
Dhone with less subscribers on tho line.
LIZARD— Passed March 7— Stmr L& Cham
paKne, from New York, for Havre.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived March 7— Stmr
Camnunla, from New York, for Liverpool, and
oroccrded. •
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CALCUTTA— Arrived Feb 4— Br Btmr Calth
n«««i. from Liverpool, to load for San , Fran
cisco. ... .
DUBLIN— Arrived March 3— Br ship- King
Edward, hence Pept 20.
HAMBURG— Arrived, March 0— Ger bark
LUbcth, from Tacoma. ¦
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived March 5— Bark Ra
chel Kmery. from Portland, Me.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed March 0 — Stmr
Kohnla. for Honolulu.
VANCOUVER— Snlled March 7, 2:30 p m—
Br atmr Mlowera, for Sydney. .
CALLAO— Balled March 1— Schr Oliver ' J
Olscn, for Port Townsend. <
PORT RAID— Arrived March 7— Br stmr
Annpa, from Norfolk, for Manila; Span stmr
Isla de Panay. from Liverpool.
•SIUMONOSEKI— Sailed March 3— Br stmr
Indrni>ura, fur Orejron. , ¦, • •
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 7— Br stmr
Doric, hence Fob 15. '.¦¦•
Hailed Feb. 3 — Br stmr Lowther Caotle,' for
New York.
ANTOFOOASTA— Arrived Jan 14— Ger bark
Admiral TeKetthoff, from ChcmalnuK. ... •
1*ON DON— Arrived March 7— Br stmr Glen
farif, (rom Tacoma and Seattle; Ger stmr Tot
mes, hence Drc 2.
HULL— Arrived Mnrch ft— Ital bark Pa»
quale Lauro, hence Kept 10. i
MANILA — Arrived March B — Br, stmr Marls
to*', frcm New York.
Palled Fob '10 — U S stmr Sheridan, for San
Frmcifcco.
SYDNEY— Arrived nrlor to March 7— Br
stmr Moana. from Vancouver; stmr Sierra,
hence Fob 0.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in March 7— tl
S itmr Seward, from Astoria; bktn Katie
Flloklnper. hence Fob 0, for Everett.
COOS BAY — Barbound March 7— Stmr South
Portland, for San Francisco. '
.''«"• FOREIGN PORTS.
Arrived March 7— Stmr Oceania, from Japan
and China; u 8 Btmr Reward, from Portend,
for repairs: otmr Rainier, from Dlxons/En
trance. • ¦ .
. NEAH BAY— Pained out March 7— Sehr Me
tfnr, from Port lllnkeley, for flan Pedro! Ur
Khlp Hprlngbunk, from Tacoma, for United
Kingdom.
I'OHT 1/58 ANOEL.KB— Balled March 7—
Stmr Acme, for Hnn Francisco.
AMTOHIA— Hailed March 7— Dktn Encore,
for Hnn Frnnclnco.
EVERETT— Arrived March 7— Dktn Katie
FllrkliiRpr, hence Fob 0.
HOQ1TIAM— Arrived March 0— Stmr Grace
Dollar, hrncn Mnrch SI.
SKATTLE— Soiled March 0— Stmr City of
Tojieka, for Ska sway.
Sailed March 7— U 8 stmr Dix, for Manila;
nehr Otlllle 'Fjord, for HIIo.
HAN l'Kimo- BnllfKt March 7— Stmra Newa
bny, Aberdeen and Wentyort, for Ban Frnn
cIhco.
KUIUSKA—Arrlved March 2— Btmr Ruth,
hen<;e J<vb 28. March a— Ilktn J L EvUton,
hence Feb 2N, March fl*— Btmr South Count,
hence March it; «mr Jfujun., hence March 4.
Hulled M«reh 4— Hchr Mil McKay, for Ban
Kritnrlneo; gehr Azalea, for Han Pedro. March
&— Kehr KPiwln, for Han J'wlro.
Arrived March 7— Htmr Homer, henco March
G; tiktn Heidi Jii'iiii. hence Mureh 4..
Hailed March 7— Stmrs Ruth, Ounlala, North
Fork ami Kiirekn., for Han Frnnelneo.
GHAY8 HAHUQH— Hulled Mnrch T— Hehr
Reporter, for Bnn Francisco; Hehr Henry Wll
noii, Tor Ban -Francisco; nehr Mawecma, for
Han 1'eiiro.
HOWICNB I.ANniNO— Balled March 7— Stmr
l/ii"lin. for Han KriinelRro.
Arrived March 7— Ship Inchcapa Rook, from
Port Los Anteleg; »tmr Fulton, from Ban
KranPlueo, . '
telegraph/c.
POINT LOBOS, March 7, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind BK, velocity 20 milea per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORTLAND— Balled March 7— Ship Conway,
for Queenatown.
Friday, March 7.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. -
Stmr Arcata, Dickson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. Victoria.
Stmr Melville Dollar, Gow, Grays Harbor.
Whaling stmr Wm Baylies, Cottle.- whaling.
Br bark Limcna, Sandteon, Quecnstown.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodegra.
Schr Lily. Huehes, Utnpqua:
Schr Mabel Gray. Larsen, Eureka.
Schr Ramona (yacht), Nelson, Monterey.
SPOKEN. .
Jan 1, lat 83 S, Ion 29 W— Br bark Brus
sels, hence Oct 10, for Queenstown.
SAILED.
Friday, March 7.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brideett, 38 hours from
Ventura. - . . ¦
Stmr Aztec, Trask, 8% days from Tacoma;
Oaklend direct.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 21 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. 83 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 53 hours. . .
Bktn Omesa, Mackie, 1-4 days from Knapp
ton.
Schr Laura Madsen, Jorsensen, 12 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Churchill. Treanor, 14 days from Wll
lapa Harbor.
Schr Chas R "Wilson, Johnson, 12 days from
Grays Harbor.
« CLEARED.
Friday, March 7.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co. •
Bark Harry Morse, Reynolds, Astoria; Geo
E Plummer.
Schr Viking:, Mortensen, Unga; McCollam F
& T Ctf.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Judgo Lawlor reserved his decision on
tho motion for a new trial In the case of
Thomn» Month, convicted of murder,
with the penalty of Imprlitonment for life,
till Saturday, Mnrch 15. The motion for
iv now trial in thn eniio of Chnrles Don
nelly, convicted of murder In the second
rit'pree, will bo nrgued this afternoon.
Atumn nnd Donnelly are Jointly uccu*«U
with Buckley.
Another affidavit was presented from
An tone Stephanl, who lives at 3392 Twen
tieth street, between Howard and Shot
well. He says that between 5;30 and 6
o'clock on the evening of October 11 he was
rating supper and heard three or four
shots In the direction of Howard street.
He ran out to his front gate and saw a
young man dressed in a laded gray suit
und light hat run past on the north side
oi Twentieth street in the direction of
Shotwell. He had since the conviction of
Buckley seen him in the County Jail and
identified him as that man. He saw an
other man dressed In dark clothes turn
round and look at Rice's prostrate form,
put something like ' a revolver In his
pocket and run down Twentieth street,
llu had not seen that man since. He
hnd not mentioned these facts before, as
ho whm not anxious to be a witness In
the case.
George Smith, a brushmaker, living at
620 Bryant street, makes affidavit that he
knew "China" Copland, who was a- ma
chinist and lived at Sixth and Shipley
streets. About 7 o'clock on the night of
October 11 he saw Copland In front .of a
s-alocn on the ground floor of the build
ing where Copland lived, inquiring for a
men named Miller, a member of the Ma
chinists' Union. Half an hour later Mil
ler made his appearance and Smith tol'l
him that Copland was looking for him.
Miller went upstairs to Copland's room
and Smith followed him. Copland was
charging his clothes when they entered
and said, "I got the ; get
me enough money to take me over the
border." Mijler and Copland whispered
together ana Smith could not hear what
they said. Miller then left and Smith
went with him. Smith has not seen. Cop
land since. He disclosed these facts for
the first time to Attorney D. J. Murphy
March 6.
In one of the affidavits Buckley alleges
that he did not murder George W. Rice,
a non-union machinist, at the crossing: of
Twentieth and Howard streets October 11.
He now claims that John Grandfleld
clubbed Rice, and another man, known as
"China" Copland, fired the shots into
Rice's prostrate form.
"When the case of "William Buckley, con
victed-of murder in the first degree, was
called in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday
for argument on the motion for a new
trial -Attorneys Ferral and D. J. Murphy,
on behalf of the prisoner, asked for a
continuance for two weeks and presented
affidavits in support of the request. Judge
Lawlor continued the matter till this att
crnoon, when he will give his decision on
the request for a coltlnuance.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. , . From. Due.
Edith Seattle Mar. 8
Orpgonlan New York Mar. 8
S.Portland.. Coos Bay Mar. 8
San Pedro... . Grays Harbor Mar. .S
Ri'n'er Seattle &. New Whatcom Mar. 8
Eureka...... Humboldt... Mar. 8
City Tuebla. . pupet Sound Ports , . . . Mar. 8
Titanla Nanalmo Mar. S
I n qua Eureka Mar. 8
Phoenix...... Mendoclno City ..Mar. 8
Argyll New York via Panama. Mar. U
Mandalay. ... Coqullle River Mar. O
State of Cal.. San Dlegro & Way Ports. Mar. i>
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar. 0
Isls Seattle Mar. 9
Pleiades Seattle Mar. 10
Maria Nanalmo Mar. 10
Ventura Sydney ft Way Ports... Mar. 10
Newport Panama & Way Ports... Mar. 10
Meteor Tacoma JMar. 10
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 11
G. Llndauer . .' Grays Harbor Mar. 11
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Mar. 11
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Mar. H
Lakme Portland & Astoria Mar. 11
Progreso. '..'.¦. Seattle Mar. 11
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma...... Mar. 11
Victoria. . ; . . Comox Mar. 11
Crescent City Crescent City Mar. 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 12
Bonlta. ...... Newport & Way Ports. . |Mar. 12
Queen Puget Sound Ports iMar. 13
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor Mar. 13
Spokane....: San Diego & Way Ports. Mar. la
I'oint Arena.. Point Arena Mar. V.i
North Fork. . Humboldt Mar. 15
Hermonthls.. Hamburg via W. Coast. Mar. 15
G. "W. Elder. Portland & Astoria Mar. 16
¦-oos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Mar. 16
'I/eelanaw. . . . New York via Panama.. Mar. IS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Mar. 18
23.450 lbs malt, 2302 pigs lead, 8 pkgs
leather, 170 pkg-s wason material, 112 pkgs ma
chinery, 1 cs shoes, 68 pkfjs fresh vegetables,'
400 pkgs fresh fruits. 1344 lbs coffee. 81 cs
asserted canned poods, 2081 lbs flaxseed, 14
pkgs groceries and provisions, 1663 lbs mlll
stuffs, 110 pkgs steel and iron; 110 bxs paste,
500 lbs chocolate, 2 pkgs dry goods, 2136 ¦ lbs
beans, 45 pkgs hardware, 60 cs electrical sup
plies, 2 cs arms and ammunition, 6 cs 60 gals
wine, .18 cs syrup of figs, 18 pkgs drugs, 7S5
lbs dried fruit. • • . •
The steamer Umatilla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
destined for the principal British Columbian
ports valued at $2u,S06, and including the fol
lowing merchandise and produce:-
Merchandise for British, Columbia.
Witnesses Make Affi
davit He Did Not Kill
Machinist Bice.
Say That the Wood worth
Trial "Was Not Prop
erly Handled.
SECRET SERVICE
MEN COMPLAIN
i Shipping Merchants.
The Italian Bhip Salvatore Clampa Is char
tered for wheat to Europe at ,iMs 3d.
The schooner General Banning will load gen
eral merchandise here for Mazatlan, San Bias
and AKata. , ,
Tho barkentlne Amazon loads lumber at Had
lock for Shanghai at 40s.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OP , THE OCEAN.
BUCKLEY FILES
NEW EVIDENCE
Tho steamship Aztec, which arrived
yesterday, encountered stiff southeasterly
vinja throughout tho entire passage.
The stern wheeler F. M. Smith Is to be
placed on tho Sacramento River, where
bin- will cngago in tho Coluna trade. She
Js at present undergoing a thorough over
hauling.
Water Front Notes.
Th<» xhin Roanoke will go on Hunters
Point drydock to-day to repair tho dam
nRo wrought her hull by tho flro which
Lroke out in her hold on her last voyage.
Roanoke on the Dry dock.
The harkrntinc Omega, which arrived
yesterday fourteen days from Knappton,
did not escape the prevailing boisterous
weather. Sh«» encountered a southeast
erly gale March 4. in which she lost her
lower topsail and Kplit several other sails.
Omega Has a Hard Trip.
The steamship Alamcda yesterday
came down from the sugar refinery and
docked at the Oceanic wharf. Carpentern
are repairing the whcclhouso, through
?he windows of which a hugo wavo
smashed its way during the last trip to
Honolulu. The weather through which
the Alameda passed on that occasion was
phenomenal tor the North l'aclllc. The
wavo that smashed the wheclhouso was
r. giant among mountains of water. It
landed on the house like a shot from a
cannon. It smashed to atoms .tho thick
plate glass windows and drove tho par
t'clcs of glass 'endways into the wood
work of tho afterpart of tho house. It
l-roko down tho door leading to Captain
Herriman's cabin nnd then engnged In a
playful freak that temporarily trans
formed the Bklppcr'H quarters Into a Junk
iloposltory. It gathcrod up all tho little
piecoB of glans that were not sticking into
woodwork: it picked up binocular glasses,
logbookn. binnacle and a fow other odds
and ends and fired tho whole collodion
through tho broken door into Captain
Herriman'fl cabin.
A Methodical V/avo.
Bar In Quieter Mood.
Tho bar wus In more motlentto mood
yesterday nnd those vessels compelled to
turn back tho day before wore nble to
ci-omb In safety and ro their several ways
ri iiwuni. It la many yenrs nlnco tho bnr
who no rontlnuouMly rough fin It him boon
for tho past month. Ju Hnlto of the fact
thai yesterday wan Friday, tho stenm
whaler William liaylles put to ecu. Hln
is the first of tho fleet to got away, and
will bo followed In a few days by tho
other blubber huntcra. The yacht ltu
mona .also Rot out ycntcriiny. Bho is
bound for Monterey, which will hcrcufter
be her home port.
The Santa Fe Company is at present
running but few boats daily between
this side and Point Richmond, and up to
the present the new restrictions have not
been enforced. With the publication of
the new charts, however, the forbidden
anchorage rules will go into effect and
the shipping community is worried.
While there is no expressed objection
to the Commissioners establishing a fair
way to the Santa Fe boats there is a de
cided objection to the fairway as grant
ed. The Oakland ferry and freight boats
have a right of way which covers quite
a space of harbor surface, and the cau
salito and Tiburon ferries monopolfze a
g-oodly stretch . at right angles. Within
the angle made by these two fairways
lies the safest and most convenient an
chorage the bay affords. Now comes
the Santa Fe fairway, which cuts the
angle about evenly and completely wipes
out this anchorage ground. Ships are
not only forbidden to anchor within the
lines indicated on the chart reproduced
herewith, but must not anchor near these
lines, lest the changing tide should swing
the vessel within the forbidden limits.
Shipping folk say the Santa Fe boats
could with safety use the Sausalito and
Tiburon fairway as far as Angel Island
or else adopt a course far enough to the
eastward to avoid the anchorage grounds.
The new fairway has been established,
however, and anchorage spacious enough
to accommodate a whole fleet of ships has
been taken awi\y from the commercial
community. Whnt action tho shipping
people will take remains to bo seen, but
it is more than likely that the Harbor
Commissioners will be asked to modify
their Uheral grant to the Santa Fe Com
pany and to rearrange the fairway bo nt»
not to Interffro with Ions established an
chorage privileges.
Tho Bhlpplnu community will 1>« rcpre*
Kiitfd: the n^xt tlrno the Harbor Commlfi*
planer* voto on tho question of cstubllMh
ing new fnlrwnyH.
The Commissioners have virtually made
to the Santa Fe Company a present of
tho safest and most convenient anchor
age space that the harbor affords. The
shipping community complains with al
most one voice that It was never con
sulted In the matter, and that, although
the fairway was established December 11,
the knowledge of the existence of this
new restriction comes as news.
The railroad company applied for a
fairway to Point Richmond in the latter
part o-f last year. The Harbor Commis
sioners referred the matter to Chief
Wharfinger Henderson, who on Decem
ber 11 recommended that the privilege be
granted and that a fairway be estab
lished in accordance with the chart sub
mitted by the railroad company with its
application. Acting upon this recommen
dation the board adopted a resolution fa
vorable to the railroad company's request
and the Santa Fe fairway was estab
lished. The board then notified the
Coast and Geodetic survey officials of
their action and asked that cognizance
be taken of the newly established fair
way in the next edition of the Govern
ment charts of the harbor.
WHEN tho State Board of
Harbor Commissioners in
December last granted to the
Santa Fe Railroad Company
a ferry fairway from Mis
sion-street wharf to Point Richmond few
interested In the shipping of the port re
alized that this action virtually wiped
out what remains of anchorage space
within convenient distance of tho city's
wharves. Th© Issuance yesterday of an
amended chart showing the forbidden an
chorages of the harbor came as a big and
not altogether pleasant surprise.
Tho steamship City of Puobla, due this
morning, will bring a large consignment
of potatoes from Victoria.
Recent storms have caused the wanning
-flown of the top luyer of tho breakwater
built to protect tho new llshermen a
¦wharf.
CHART OF THE HARBOR ISSUED BY THE HAIIBOR COMMISSIONERS YESTERDAY SHOWING HOW THE
FERRY FAIRWAY RECENTLY GRANTED TO THE SANTA FE TAKES AWAY FROM THE SHIPPING IN
TERESTS A GREAT PORTION OF THE MOST CONVENIENT ANCHORAGE SPACE.
.. Dr. E. H. Shelmardlne of Philadelphia,
who. with his wife, was a passenger on
board the Waesland, attributes the ac«
cident in the lifeboat to Dangerfleld's at«
tempting to Bprlng on board, thereby
breaking his own neck and causing tho
death of Klslo Emmett. Dr. Sholmardlne
lost his valuable instruments and Jewelry.
Ho says Captain Apfeld of the Wnesland
had on board his thirty-flvo years' savings
in specie, but. he did not attempt to leave
tho bridge to fetch the money away. All
the passengers were llrst got Into tho
boats find then it was too lato to go back
Mrs. -Hanson of Chicago, a widow, was a
considerable loser by tho sinking of the
Waesland. Tho two sons of Dangerflelrt
who was killed in one of the lifeboats, re
turned to Kansas three weeks ngo.
SCR ANTON. Kans., March 7.— Edwin
Dangerfleld, who met death at the sink.
Ing. of 'the steamer Wnesland, was a real,
dont of this place for more than two lears
and was a prominent business man and
politician here. About a year ago Danger-
Held nndhls family wont to their native
country, England, to live. A Bhort time
fiKo they decided to return here. Mr
Dangerfleld sent orders to his nons here
to have the family residence placed in
order , by -May 1, when they would again
occupy It. Dangcrflcld was Ci years of
¦ era,*
P. R. Ferguson, a saloon passenger,
who, curiously enough, was on board the
Wuesland when she collided with a
schooner, not far from Philadelphia, says
tho principal excitement took tho form of
rushing for lifeboats. He saw a man who
hnd seven life belts attached to various
parts of his body.
As the last boat, in -which Ferguson
was seated, was leaving the ship's side,
cries for help wero heard on board of
her and the boat returned and found that
two of the Wacsland'B crew had been left
behind. One of these men . had slept
throughout from the first Impact to the
last, boat leaving the sinking steamer and
only discovered hlB pcriloua position when
tho sea water Hooded his bunk through
the. portholes.
Bush for the Lifeboats.
Tho collision was terrific: alike in the sud
denness of the shock and In the completeness
of the steamer's destruction, and we think
wo were most fortunate in escaping as we did.
A rush of excited people from all parts of
the ship Immediately ensued. The passengers
tumbled uo Just as they h/id retired for the
night. The men, women and children were in
their nlshtdregies. In a few momenta the pas
sengers had thrown u shawl or a blanket over
their shoulder*. Terror and bewilderment
reigned for a fow moment", but the panaengera
gradually ranged thumselves In groups about
tha decks where they wero ben sheltered nnti
ili.i crew worked like clockwork In setting out
tho tooati. The only exception to tlie koq4 be
havior of tha pftnnenffftni wus In the cime of u
union pumtfiiK'-r who rushed hlthar and thither,
I'lilliiiK In turn on heaven ami earth to reseuo
him. Kortunntely tho other psMenBiri wero
not affected by thtd man's pltlnbto mental
HKiuiy, but wero quickly ,,u,| methodically
MinrKliiilni Into the bouts,
Tho experience In the numll boats wag trying
on account o( tho darkness and cold. We did
not know exactly where «w« were" and for a
long tlma could not discover the whereabout*
• >r the llnrmonldcs, though *h« was near by.
The -boats stood well awny from tha Kinking
Whi'bIihicI for roar of brine sucked down and
we could hear the rending and tearing of her
timbers m Hho seemed to breiik In two, Then
there wiiK ti terriblo explosion, as tho boilers
blew up, and nil was over.
Wo drifted and rowed for, seemingly, two
or three hours, finally getting; In touch with
tho llarmontdes. We hnd no difficulty in get
ting 1 on bonrd. All our effects went to th*
bottom with the Wncsland.
I saw the whole affair. I was late in turn
ing in as the night was foggy and we naturally
were apprehensive. Practically all the pas
sengers toad retired. I was taking a last look
at the weather, and in so doing peered over
the ship's side, when, without the slightest
warning, there came a fearful crash, which
made the Waesland stagger from stem to
stern. "My God, we are struck," I shouted.
Then there loomed right over our ship's bow
the steamer which had run into us. It was
terrifying, of course. We instantly recognized
the peril. The darkness at that time was im
penetrable, but there was no mistaking tho
terrible consequences of such an Impact. The
nose of the Harmonldea appeared to have eaten
right into our side. We were going very slowly
with no more speed than was necessary to
keep headway. We were struck at right angles,
a tremendous hole was made, and for a mo
ment the stem of the Harmonides was literally
Inside our ship. -
An officer of the Waesland, In an Inter-
View, gave a graphic description of the
loss of the steamer. He said:
As Told by an Officer.
As the last boats were leaving the fast
sinking' ship, whose decks were already
awash, an explosion announced that her
boilers had burst and forty mlnutea after
the iirst impact the Waesland gave a
mighty lurch and disappeared beneath the
waves, sinking about midway between
Holyhead ana Tuskar light. Nothing
was saved except what the passengers
and crew wore. The boats containing the
passengers were for a time separated, ow
ing to the fog, but eventually they all
reached the sides of the Harmonides, and
the survivors were taken on board that
vessel, where they received every atten
tion. A. pilot boat met the Harmonides
off the Isle of Anglesey and communi
cated the news of the disaster to persons
ashore, with the result that tugs were
dispatched to search for the Harmonides
anu accompanied the steamer to this port.
Here the passengers were landed and
comfortably housed. They will proceed
to Philadelphia Wednesday on board the
Red Star line steamer rsordland.
The surviving passengers, as /a rule,
escaped with only a few slight bruises.
The Harmonides' stem and bow plates
were so torn and twisted that it appeared
marvelous that she escaped sinking. She
also has a deep dent in her port side.
Bursting of the Boilers.
I When tho disaster occurred Wednesday
night tho two vessels were steaming slow
ly off tho coast of tho Isle of Anglesey.
Tho Harmonides crashed head on into
the Waesland and backed away, but once
again struck tho then sinking ship, mak
ing a great gap in her side. Though the
seu was pcriectly smooth, the densenesa
of the fog added to the terrors of the pas
sengers of the Waesland. The women
rushed on deck screaming, but were soon
teassured by tho ofllcers. The boats were
quickly lowered, but the operation re
sulted in two fatalities. Tho end of one
of the lifeboats slipped from its davit
and precipitated the occupants of the boat
into tho sea. A passenger, Edward Dan
gerfleld of Kansas, struck his head
against the boat's ilttings and was in
stuntly killed, and Elsie femmett, 12 years
old, the daughter of the Kev. A. M., Em
mett, was drowned. The other persons
who were in the boat were picked up.
The bravery of the passengers; many of
•vvlicm 'were Scandinavian emigrants, was
exemplary. Precedence was given to the
women and children. '. ? - ; ,-. ¦¦;-'¦-
Crashes Into the Waeslnnd.
. LIVERPOOL, March . 7.— The British
steamer Harmonides, from Brazilian
ports,^ which was in collision with and
sank J the Red Line, steamer Waesland
Wednesday night about forty miles south
west of Holyhead,- and which was towed
to this port early this morning by the
tugs that went in search of her, has a
great hole in her bows. A rescued pas
senger of the Waesland, who was on
board the Harmonides, said the Waesland
was . run into amldship in a fog at mid
night and sank half an hour afterward,
her boilers bursting as she went down.
The report that only two of the passen-
Eers of the Waesland,. a man and a child,
lost their lives is confirmed. In addition
one woman was injured. Some of the
Wnesland's boats were in the water a
couple of hours, owing to the fog, before
they could get alongside the Harmonides.
When the Harmonides arrived here her
•decks were crowded with half-clad'pas
sengers of the Waesland, whose pale and
haggard faces told the story of their try
ing experiences. 8o hurried was the de
purture of the passengers from the sink
ing ship that In some cases they were
only covered with blunkots and hundker
chiefs were their only headgear.
Connor said he was anxious to find out
why the water company on the last day
Irut one of the investigation should bring
in a list of property worth $3,000,000, of
which no one had any previous knowl
edge. He insisted that it was his desire
to treat the company fairly, but he
wanted to be thoroughly informed on all
points before finally casting his vote.
Braunhart moved that the company be
requested to renew its offer to expend
$450,000 next year for the enlarging and
laying of new water mains in districts to
be designated by the Chief Engineer of
the Fire Department. The board then
adjourned to meet on Monday, when the
takinp of ncr testimony will begin.
Brandestein protested against the pub
lished intimation that "he was a crea
ture of Spring Valley." He Bald he tried
to do his duty honestly during* the long
Inquiry and he favored the proposed
water ordinance because he believed it to
be a fair and just one.
Braunhart insisted upon a vote upon
his resolution, but Brandensteln urged
that it would be unnecessary if the con
tent of the company to the reopening of
the inquiry could be obtained. Schussler
telephoned to the company's attorney and
reported later that the company would
*groe to the proposition on condition It
¦was allowed to put In testimony in re
buttal of any offered before the board.
This was agreed to and Braunhart with
drew his resolution.
A communication from the water com
pany was read protesting ugainst the re
uuction in the amount proposed to be al
lowed for hydrants and giving statistics
In (support of the company's claim that
the rates ought to be Increased.
This provoked a long diecussion, which
was opened by Comte, who 6ald that
there was a legal phase of the matter
which the board could not afford to ig
nore. That was that the action suggest
ed might invalidate the water ordinance
if fixed by the board without giving the
water company due notice of the reopen
ing of the matter. :..y ;
Jitaunhurt was willing to give the com
pany notice. He at once prepared a reso
lution declaring It the sense of the board
to reopen the water rale inquiry in order
to hear further testimony as to the value
of the Suburban Company'* property. The
suggestion of Comic that the water com
pany be directed to Know cause why the
inquiry should not bo reopened was fav
orably considered.
liraunhart remarked that it was his
desire to ascertain the value of such
iiropcrty of the Suburban Company «ia is
being used for supplying Bun Francisco
with water, Ho was ulxo anxious to
know how much of the property was es
sential to the supplying of water fur this
city.
i-nslncer Kchui-slcr of the water com
pany said that the value greatly exceeded
the cost and that testimony had already
been advanced by the company in proof ,
cf tho contention that it was all in use
.for water purposes only.
After the call to order by Mayor
Schmitz, Supervisor Brauhhart made a
statement in which he asked that the in
quiry be reopened in order that the valu
ation of the property of the Suburban
Water Company, which was bought out
liy Spring Valley, might be ascertained.
The Board of Supervisors at a special
meeting held yesterday for the purpose
of fixing v.-ater rates for the coming fis
cal year decided to reopen the Inquiry
Into the valuation of the property of the
Spring Valley Water Company.
Only Two Deaths Occur in the
Disaster Off the Coast
of Wales.
Spring Valley Company Gives
Consent and Fight Is
On Again.
Officers of the Waesland
Act Quickly After
the Collision.
Supervisors Decide That
Further Testimony
Is Necessary.
COOLNESS SAVES
THE PASSENGERS
WILL REOPEN
WATER INQUIRY
NEW FERRY FAIRWAY TAKES AWAY
MOST VALUABLE ANCHORAGE SPACE
Harbor Commissioners Issue a. New Chart Showing How the Right
of Way Recently Granted to the Santa Fe Railroad Company
Restricts the Water-Front Privileges of the Shipping Interests
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 1902.
Steamer Movements.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed March C-Btmr Duke
of Fife, from Hongkong, Shanghai and Kobe,
for Victoria, U C, and Tacotua. •
•LONDON— Arrived March 7— Stmr Olenfarsr.
from Houttle. Hloeo, etc; utrnr Totniti, from
6an Kruncliico, etc. , .
Hailed March 7 — Stmr Minneapolis, for New
York.
LIVKnroOL— Arrived March 7— Stmr Tro
torlan, from Bt John, N H, and Halifax.
BOULOGNE— Sailed March 0— bthir Maas
dam, from Rotterdam, for New York.
TO SAIL.
10
ADVEBTIgBlgNTS. _ . _
Ca*VRiaMT lit* IT THI MOCTtll « OAMILt CO. Cl»0lx«ATI
A LITTLE BIG WASTE,
| —^DISTINGUISH between economy and wisdom.
T^f 'Sitting at home to save shoe-leather is econo-
!||g|p| my, but it is scarcely wisdom. In the same
EmctT I way, doing without »Ivory Soap is economy
but it isn't wise; your risks are greater than all
possible saving. Every cheap soap contains free
alkali. Now, free alkali will eat its way through
the new oil cloth on the kitchen floor. Imagine,
then, what it will do in a single Monday's wash-
ing! Is such economy wise?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| Uncle Sam's
Mail Service
requires physical and mental
ability of a high degree to
withstand its hard labors. The
high tension to which the
nervous system is constantly
subjected, has a .depressing ef-
fect, and soon headache, back-
ache, neuralgia, rheumatism,
sciatica, etc., develop in severe
form. Such was the case of
Mail Carrier S. F. Sweinhart,
of Huntsviilc, Ala., he says:
"An attack of pneumonia left me
with muscular rheumatism, headache,
and pains that seemed to be all over
me. I was fcarccly able to move for
about a month when 1 decided to give
M £. Pain Pills
and Nerve Plasters a triaL In three
days I was again on my route and in
two weeks I was free from pain and
gaininjj in flesh and strencth.
3old br all Druggists.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.Continued on Page Thirteen.
Eastern Livestock Market
Ataf York Cotton Market
STOCK MARKET.
BradAtrcct's on Trade.
Foreign Futures.
A^^y y^A-/? A/rtd/ Market.
wymvQou
J "* n * """"""vAum, * y
Wlit<Bt=- Msreh, Mh^Auk,
uJf^itiK .................... ai 1.1 ait ji>
Ojieiiiiig".. ................. 85 f)(5 af 115
(jiugifi* .................... au 00 ar 13
New York Stock Market.
— — ¦..'.*% 1,
»EW VOIIK, March 7. — The stock market
Jay stitnreil e\"Jflcnce of canfllcting emotion*
th* part of the proferjilotial speculators who
ke up th«> present market. Thera wa« som*
' r. of m, struggle Curing tin- early part of
dey U> *¦-¦ ¦• i> prices movlnc upward, and
ntambfr of rp*c!ajtles ehot up in the way
Ich has become so famltlsr of late. Othcts
leb "Rtre \1olenlly advanced yerterday
•w#fl a tendenry to an abrupt relapae. The
terml actH-e list took on Its recently soin
rat condition, *uggcrting that tho demand
m the *hort interest wlilrh cuuaed yentc-r
r'» thuij. i in- bud l.icn miii*i,i i. Tlid
le« tttut fl.ooo.ocii of the gold enguged for
morrrw'a neamer hud li«n withdrawn from
>ort had a mild vtlmulatlng . tr < i on tilt
ii • i. but the later (ortcMt ot tu-morrow'a
ik ri.iit I... hi •huw-nd Mini, linl i.-ii.iin.i (ur
jrc.-lirnstbii still ri'MBinlng tit tl.e rata < r
.i.ip.i. > x (i.i !<< 'v York rtserves, The u
1 il. at iIks Uovmiii.) nt »..•¦! /iif. 1 ll« *iiii
itnei the Northern Ut<tiriiles e'i<ni|mny wiin
VfiHett fftuttn Pmjrl ul Nt, PtoUl »\tm f%\itmt\
1|l|l|t> Of I. In I II. I.II',., .| -ll i' I... I |,tl|| ,il,,,|,.|
li< foreaefci), ..I. 1 i-ieti/i.ic.l nu i.> *. |.i.«>-. 1 ,
1 btt ll,r |>^H*tiMiKI> figure* .1 t i ...».' i
• " < fur U.« «•' !• i.ill' ..U I I,,. I Itlb l.ul.l- =
'• |..r-( 1 nil. I,, It,. , ,l> 1,1 . I i,.0il> I'.l.lM.
, »ftiiyitfig **i# *"iii r»|.or»o<l tit TliurddM*,
fiot ihijiinine itiw U.iiWiW wlildi in t.
• M !•> nwiil. .w'fc Hmii.ii, II !e nieui.l (jilt
if»4«K* «"'" «=*I'"M^, «.frilf.(i lets in 1!,*.
h, will ft»l flK*M» 1»i Ih^lf full rfri 1 1 in (h«
k n*{itn«=fit n/i1ff Hip *te<ft«B t^pfBin, l#o»
punt M.ii.i: Was I run <¦! !:-el «..)<> < f s . I r
it, If&^lnit Hi" ie<*\HliP <it !»»*( WPFk> ««is'i
.« 1 1? lie r«»ri*-(J »»v*r Into tliin wprk, *j»in
.1 !.. i.-i'.i. i'-. Hi'.. |..i«, ll.i I (he 'IiihII f...
* '"< 1 I"- <Ut III I«VI>, Vt HI, Illf |,.f~r,,( ,l|.
lalVftS t/t flip rtpjw.^lt Bn4 »«»=h ItPlns In Ilio
' T«rh 1. 1" tllF. II.' fill I •III" III lie |'"r<!lt
it* Is «lmr*t wholly fiomlnsJ Bny way, afni
'¦-rifitlun tit « few mllll'/ns'h8s little effect
the proportion of the r*»*=erv<». Tli« lisrd(?n>
(»ti()pnry r,f thB jririnpy market Is a ton
cing flvidpnjc, howpv^r, that thn bank* urn
•nation* et iirfispnt to extend their r/'dlls.
tli" flsyi ,-),./ in! movements Colorado Fuel
s rnnst «'*n«jilcuous with a feverish reaction
Ich rra<hf-r1 «1 points at cn«> time. Chicago
I North wpKtf-rn, after a rise or IVi, alfo
nrd downward and fell at one time A\'t un-
Mf\ night's close. On the side of advancis
j'.-i'ji, ;.iinr.. -j.-iiif and Omsha added 4
r.ts to its price and tl'«* preferred 3. The
• of over '.i j..,i !¦<•.- in Evansville and Teire
ut^ m-ai> In re*|K<n«e to ypaterdays rise li. I
<i'F<> and Earfprn Illinois. Wertlnghouse
ctrio ftdvancfld f.«,'«. Hrooklyn Union a>,4 anj
ier!c«n CJotton Oil 4%. There was besides
otit. lint of r,l)(.rure rtocks with 1 to 2 point
rimer to their credit, all of which were
r* or ten Impaired by the late reaction. The
rkct closed rather <>a#y ln, njiite of a lato
* in Colorado Southern and Slexican >'a
isJ.
o-day'« \*>nH market continued rather Hull,
firm. Total Bales, par value, $2,750,000. /
nlted States £s coupon and the old 4s ad*
<^ M and the new 4s coupon % per cent
the last call.
NEW YOnK STOCK LIST,
torks— Saien. Ulrh. Low. Close.
•hlwn «,{>00 75% 75 75V1
hlBon |.!d 2.01)0 «7»/4 \M% M'/i
t & Ohio 25,200 105% 10* % JO5',i
t A Ohio pfd 7 .... U5I4
ladian I'scific .. 1,000 113^ 112% 112%
mda Southern HI *&
¦*:>],< y.V. &. Ohio. 1,000 4C>4 4<i 40
e & Alton l.fiOO 3i;>4 ' 3*5 3fl
c A Alton pfd.. ;$OO 70 75% 75>,i
c Ind tt lyj-jif.. 3,««K» C4% C!% «4
clnd&Lpfd.. 2W 73% 7» 78%
c A East 111.... W(r lwft 108% 158%
EASTERN MARKETS.
Carh iiuotationn- were as rollows: Flour,
steady; No, ;i spring wheut, 70U©70%o; No. 2
red, t&%(:; No. 2 cats, 41H©*» '/$,«; No. 2 white,
No. H white, 44*4^45 Vie; No. 2
rye, SSVj^SUc; fair to eholc« malting barley,
.il)(fi t;ae ; . No. 1 !lax*eed, 81 (18; No. 1 North
western, ft 71; mess pork, per barrwl, *15 201/)
J5 25; lard, per 1O() pounds, $V» :!0<&!i ;I2</j;
nhort-rlb sldss (looe#), >H UQfyH ;iB; dry sultod
fhouidcrs (boxed). i|!'i' YiVttyi 25; short eloar
»l(lcs (boxed), la COftB 70; wlilnky, fcnEls of
high wlnc-B, gl .'II.
Artlelcs— Hecolpts. ShlpmcntM,
Flour, burrels 20.0U0 IW.OOO
Wheat, bimhuls 11.1,000 2. r .,no>i
Corn, bUHheU lon.ooo 2.1,(100
Oat«, bushels ............. 11 1,000 2i.s,ooo
Ilyc, biuhels ¦1,000 \ >>orK)
Hurley, binhnls ....... SHJJOO |U,000
On tho I'loilucft Kxrhnnge to-d«y th»i hutt«r
murket wiih nhudyj creamery, 1KW2O«[ dnlry,
Ih'/.'f/'i.'l.-. < 'iiDtiiif, fimily, WhUXVAo, KtfKH
wuBlifi fic«h, IHf,
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2—
Mny • 70% 77% 7t!% 77 V t
July 77^ 77'u 7(1'^ 77%
! September V J... 70% 77Vi 7l)'va 77 Vs
1 Corn No. 2 —
May «IT« fi2U (11% C2%
I July «1% 01% ,0114 V,l%
September 00>i C0% 0!"y t 0U%
Oats No. 2—
May 44 U% 41 4l\t s
j July 35Vj 85% iJ5% 85%
'September ..... .'10% 30% v 30'A 30%
I Mess I'ork, per barrel —
I May :15 HO 15 40 15 .10 15 40
I July 15 50 IP 57J4 15 50 15 57Vj
Lard, per 100 pounds —
,May 11 40 0 45 0 40 0 42 V,
Uuly I) fi2'/j I) 071/j 1) B2la I" 55
September It '.l.'i I) 70 0 05 0 U7'/i
' Short Kibs, per 11)0 pounds—
I May 8 :t"Mi H 4aVj 8 37% 8 40
! July 8 50 8 52% 8 50 H 62>,i
September 8 (12 Vj
NEW YORK, March 7.-Tho following tuble,
conu'llKl hy llrudstrest. nhowu the bank clear-
Ing* at the principal title* for the week pncii-d
March 0, with tho perccmagH O f iner^ase and
week "ait Vt«n mi>ftl ' 1 WU " th " coms l >on<11 "8
r»m*- l'ercentage.
New York 11,311,720,08 1 .... lli.6
Jhleaffo W.i,iM,Wi 21.4 .* .
1 In: In!) ,,.,. lill* (MI7 llTa T
v. 1 . 1 '^" 1 " • fio,wu,ai«ft U7.a ....
jntsburg aouui 10a .... ii ,i
uaitinH.ro aa,jwi,ioa .... 7.5
Han KrnncUco Utt.ltl5,7ftO 1U.0 ....
tincinntttl •M,'jH»,:um
Knniiaa Olty ......... gi),iMU.O5:i 2.1. « ....
tlevpland 1.'I,18N,(IMI .,,, l.i
MlnnrniHills JU.i.'NIU 1 ;!.! U0.4 ,,,.
Now Orle»n lil,ft67 1 ii7U .... 4.7
PftroU*-, ,,,,. (1,01)4,704 l>,2 .,,,
Loulsvllla X0.T48.aiW H,B ,,..
In. HuiutlM.il l»,('7(i,lMi'J UH.U ..,,
JTuvllcjico ,, (1,5,10,200 .,,, 15.11
-Milw.-iiil.i .. ii.mih.mmi ;i,t , '
JiuIThIo 5,.".O\774 10.4 ....
ft, Josipli fi,«ia,7H7 82.1 ..,,
J J ;'nyi-r 4,ivj,m
itlfhinonii ,, <.oiim.mii .,,, j.n
rftvaiuiuh SI,IUT,iiiiil ,.,. 21. t
H4lt Lnke City, u,h':h,m\> 17,o ....
Albany a,71!fi,l!N7 .... 7.0
!<<¦« ,viif.|.n 4,Qoil,oil *.'!i,o ....
Mt-mi>hiK :i,VStt,40t )U.H ....
Fun Worth ,...<.... a..'«til,w-.l .,,. n.n
£•?«'!'? .'UHUKi :jt.<i ....
\\nr,!ilnglQn ,. 4 1 (rtill,.'l«« 44 . M ....
H.lMf.iHl ,...,,. Jl.llill.r.l'l II, H ,,,,
J'wfirt 4,liO7,772 2H.4 ....
ToIp.i.j a,.'i2o,»ita 1,0 ...¦.
I'tit-tUnd, Or .,,..,., a, 7Uii l iM],'i 2t,o ....
itnehester ........... ii,a;i1,MiJi hh.'A ....
Ati.Mitn a.y:jtt.:i.-.t» 7.;i ....
lies Mt.lncB .......... il,«II2,llM) 25.7 ....
KpW Haven ......... 1,741, i!4a 1N.JI ,..,
WoKMtirr*,;. i.r,4ri,iiia is.o ,.,,
Nashville ..,,, l l !iri4,0:i0 ..,, 0.0
Mprinencld, Mass ..,, l.filli.OH'l H.H ....
Norfolk .............. l,40il,li.|i| 8.2 ....
(traml HapidH 1.4.VI.IJ77 15.2 ....
Ktratiton ............ l,2MU,ia.«t ,
Tortland, Me ....... l,.'!2fl,Xlft 5.4 .. .
Hloux City .......... 1.7li4,«44 1R.3 ....
Au&u«ta l,076,8.'14 .... 210
Syracuse 1.218.7H0 .... 10.0
Dayton. O l.Ho+.Ciifi 8.7 ....
Taooma 1,107,700 13.(1 ....
Ppokane l.CW.Wiil 5N.7 ....
Toppka l,521,87:i 12.4 ....
Davenport 2,270,144 22.7
"Wilmington, Del .... l,O2t,r..14 2 0
Rvansville 728,7:17 .... 14.1
llirminRham l,430,C»i ..
Fall River l,ll.S,liO2 57.0 . . ! '.
Macon 712,000 1 l
Little Kock ?.'"7,50O 8.8 ..
Helena 48.J.O55 .. 4\ n
Knoxvlllo 7f»l,042 10. !»
Lowell 47l..'{4:! 15;;
Akron 704,500 KJ.H
¦\Vichlta 6M.9O2 4.T.5 ....
; Rprlngfleld. Ill !M"i;,3S-T 20.7 .
Lexington •*.... 7.".0,"S5 a.O .. .
j New Bedford i;.s.".,:(u 7.« ,,,,
Chattanooga A<l2,ft?i8 2H.S ...'.
YounKBtown 650,208' W». 2 ..'.'.
Kalarrazoo 4SD.D2S 21.8 ,..'.
Farpro 54!),1 (Kl 01 .0 .'.".
P.liiKliHUiton .T«1,700 .... 21 1
Rockfnrd 4?4.8H4 2.0 ....
Cnnton 45'I,OOO / ?n,o ,.,,
Jacksonville. Fla .... 411,070 18,0 . "'
SprlngHeld, O :i45,3.'.4 10.1 ..
Chester ri"*<",404
Qulncy 258.50S
nioomlngton 1,020,011
KIoux Falls »l<!,505 40.7 ..
.inckNonvllle, 111 4'i'i.U'i (J0.1 ...
Fremont ¦.¦111.1:1s .... r,.s
Hnustont 10,iV<0,8i)8 74.0 .
1 (Jalvcetont «,751,000 .... i(| 0
i Columbus, Of 7,851,400 .10.1
Whrellnir 5m,8»!i .... 10.7
lieaumontl ::i!o,!i'ii
Totals V. B t2,14».27.'UHI7 TTTT 7 li
• " Outside N, Y.... R12,54»,O7.'l 0.(1 .
CANAOA.
Montreal |2I,. 'II 1,452 ?!2,n ,,,.
Toronto H,2."7,4liU 1i»,i| ,,,,
Winnipeg .,,.,,....,.,, V,no»,418 HO, 7 ,,,,
Hullfa* ,,,,,, l.itim.OK"! :»,7 ,,
Vnnmuvfr, H, O,, ,,,,,, 7il7,!lft'2 fl.B ,,,,
.IIniiillli.il ,,,,,,,,, 8711,507 ,,,, 4,1
Ht. Ji.hn, N, II,,,,,.,.,. 770,8'Hi 4,0 ,, i
VlPlnrlH, II. <?,,,,,,,,,, flOS.l.'Ilt ,,,, /j|,0
oucIjmI , hiiimiii i.ni'i.ino ,,,, ,,,,
Ut'ttWIl ,,,,,,,,,,.,,,,,, "-',<l-';l,f(IN ,,
ToMIh, <"?»n»«1a _m m MlOMi.m Ej TTTT
?No' InniiiiieiJ in to*al« |»ecsiiso roiitHlnlng
ojht-r t««in» itmn fi|*-flilnB«,
SN'.I Ii"-Iii'l.''l In total* Im'i-hiihk of „„ ,.,,)„,
f.arlfon tnr l«"=t yfc«r,
1 ' '* 1
i FLOUR— California Family Extra*, $3 50©
! .'! 73, ubuuI terms; Halters' Extras, $:i ioc u :,[ ,-,o,
I Oregon, t ; - ~t>'<i>\ -•"' l"' r harrel for family ami f.l
(./:( fni lor Uukors'; Washlnuton liukera, (U-Qi
U f.O
MlLLHTUFKH—PrlCM" In sacks. nr» as ffjl
lows uhual iilt'i'uiini to the tradei GrahMm
Flour, »;i per ion lusj ily« Flour, #3 76; Rye
Muul, fafto; Hlcu Flour, »7j' «-'orn Jftul, «.l yi;
u»ti«, uream rto, »»j Out unmts $5: Hominy.
« 14/ » Sift I liiK'kwhi'at Floui'Hf/4 «(5; Ciuckml
Hi SlkV #'f fiWNi I'rtri A »»rl»y, n *t>i Split
//oy and Pccdstuffs.
> United Jlftrley Is slightly lilgl^r Kt-uMi irf
sympathy with Ui§ raw «mln. ilmu ami Mld>
dUiiso firs very wenk.', Jl«y In Ht^ttrty, with u
B«jt1 demanrti tiolh for lutal snrt s*Mtift ae»
JiyUiit. Of the T.'ltJ tniw that fame In yustenlsy
a lHr«s iiftct will tjw l'» Honolulu, wlilt'h Ihm
"or Vome time teeii drawlHM freely on this
fl 1mAN-ll« fiofiir fio jifr ten, '
MiDUf.tNUf-l^iMW'iW jtei 1 ton.
J?BKPH'fUFt'«r-Jteriea Jjarl*y, ISO^ai per
toil! ollehk^Mtal at the mil . |2f'ffa*{ iobbltia.
I!i»60iUai*l Cocoanut Cake, |l!0®31j Corn Meal,
5.1l»:i^ Urat'keJ Coin, $A\pm'M fii); Ml*«ti
¥rei\ ilOV'M 6"J Cottonseed Meal, |3(1 60,
lrtr-Whent, I1O©13 6«l Wheat* an,l Oat,
|ii«(i l^i oat, $S©Il! Alfalfa, IWllj Clover,
J7«lu» Vuluntaer". $0 60»l»i Block «0'tfi 6u bet-
O £tHAW^"4O!gC&o per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Although Beans are reported dull every day,
local dealers say that Since March 1 at least
10,000 sacks have been shipped out from this
market, chiefly 1 to the Southwest. Most of
these were 1'lnks. The situation along tho
river continues to govern the market at pres
ent, and gives It a firmer tone, as it Is feared
that the acreage this yeur will be greatly re
•iurffl by the present high wa ter. ."»*iKdt»
BEANS— Cayos. $2 CO; Small White.
$2 OOWa 15; Large White, $2 C5@2 75; Pta.
h 50®4; I'ink, . $1 1K)@2 20; Red. $2 75®U;
Blackeye. 53 7504; ¦ l.lmos. $4 40©4 €0; rued
Kidneys. $3 85®4 per ctl.
SKBDS— Trieste Mustard, .$2 C0©2 75; Yellow
Mustard, $3 2G®3G0; Flax, $2 2C(&;2 50; Canary
SVjC for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, lOjAiftllc;
California, 10010'ic; Hape. 194«&2V4c;. Ilemp,
3VjC oer lb.
DRIED PEAS — Nominal.
Potatoes? Onions and Vegetables.
The Oregon steamer, which was due yester
day with fresh supplies of Potatoes, had not
arrived up to a late hour and although there
was'a firmer feeling -in these goods ¦ prices
showed no chance
The Onion market was fairly active at tm
ehanKcd prices. The Oregon steamer will
Flour and Millstuffs.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WH BAT— Tho foreign markets were firmer
and Paris nnd Liverpool futures advanced.
Argantlns hliliiiin'iiiH since January 1 amount
to 4|OSO ( 000 buihuln, ngnlnitt 8,020,000 during
thn Kiiiii.- linn ¦ invt ,\.nr.
Chicago was Jlrmpr and ndvnnced nevernl
trnctloim, The ilrtTlutitl wan gooj, rccnliHii
were light, Dm nlioris covered und there w.u
good Inveitmtnt buying.
Wlrf» in Jiultun, l>« nuyter A Ca, from Chi"
1-iifc'ii Hiild that commUnlon houaen tuni brukers
wni'o stllora on r^imrted rntiin In tho Houth
wont, which wore ofterwarit foiind tp b» er«
ronpnup, thpr« being only a light rftlnfnll In
UimUrn KiuiNan. Th9 Northwest movinient
from fnrmera won umall. liut wbh offsat l»y tha
pour duiiuiriil, Mlnnp(iiioll» mills wpre r«lr
1'iiyi in. Along In tho fnr^nmm th« crowq hu
(inn to trot ncirvoun ovur the weather In the
PMithwcMt. Conuiliiliitg from that region in
trwiseii, mid mln wn« undutihteilly newlwl, In
fttet, K«n*ag (;iiy wliicii new- nml dry wenth«r
nil pv«r the (jwintry, with the wlti'J bluwinK
hunl finii u tyiii ilunt cttirm iirevailin^, The
diiiloek for winter wheat li'n«w I.<rn favw
able than It hun l.^-u, i^iitirlers »uld that
tliero wan nu seneral fsrelKn Inquiry.
Thin urn Hi. 1 was fracttotiully higher, both
on nnd ..if call,
*, 8 P.?. 1 ,* . Wheat—BhIptilM*, •* 10 ! mining,
VI viv* r ti\ 10 per nt 1.
¦ CALL JlOArtD SALES.
ltifortntil Hwslon— IM16 o'dock^Xo Hales.
. Hcdoiid Herslun— Muy«-400'J ctls, 111 12%-, t)e
tembci'—iuun. yt u«Mi.
llegular Morning Besslon— Mny— 2000 ctls,
*1 lil; ln.Otiii, ?1 l^tai December— 40(JO, $1 OUfci;
Afternoon Hesitlnn — May — 2000 ctls, $1 12%;
2000, .fl 18 i 2110(1, (1 lll^,i ill.OOO, »1 IHUj Ue
cember — iwo ctls, $1 <JO} s j 2yoo, $1 W<ii; COOO,
?1 10.
BArtLEY— Advancing quotations, with light
offerings and a good cxtiort demand, continue
to characterize this market. The brewers nre
also said to be coming in again as buyers
after leaving the market alone for a long time.
Beth spot and future prices are slightly bet
ter again.
Feed, 05c for* No. 1 and 1)2 Vic for oft grades;
brewing and shipping grades, U7^ac®$l; Cheva
lier, 05c©$l 20 uer ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 0:15' o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning KeRnion — May — 2000 ctls,
9."*)i,c; 2000, «3',&o; 2000. U3Ho; December —
2000, 78%c; 4ooo, 76 I ,'4c; l:!xK>, 16'Xic.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
78'Jic
OATS— The market rules firm at the Im
proved quotations noted yesterday. The de
mand has bern much better during the i>atst
two or three days.
Grays, si.'ii'ui mi whites, $1 ."O©! 45; Sur
prise, $1 -1U®1 45; black, $1 12'/j®1 2JUj for feed
und $1 22Vj®1 aaMi^fcr Bced; red, $1 aoi&l 42Va
per ctl.
COUN—The Chicago mnrket Is neglected.
Argentlno shliiir.ents since January 1 amount
ed to •il)*:,(ioo bushfla. asalnst I,ai2.000 during
tha nuiii' time latit y.-ur.
There Is nu change to report here, trade be
ing very dull.
Lbtku Yi-llow, $1 fJROl 50; small round do,
$1 .'i.'.'ii 1 50; white, $1 ;f.*Vi< I 50 pur ctl.
UYI2— Continues tlrm at U2'.<i&07' / 4c per ctl.
UUCKW1UJAT— Quoted nt $1 U5 put ctl.
Th«r« I* not much n«w this weak. Eggs art
temewhat cheaper and are now very plentiful,
its u*ual at thin ttm§ ef th» year. Ilutur u
rapidly grtng down In th" whalm!* market
and retail prleen will ihertly follow. Meats
Btim.1 about tha earne.
•rti"(- la very little change In Poultry. Gam*
and Fish.
Fruits Are selling at about last week's prices.
The Mummer Vegetables are slowly cheapening
nt th" season advances!, though they ar« stilt
high for tha avrriig" purse,
L'annel ...,|— -Wl.i 00 SouthHeM
Wellington - — ©11 00 Wellington f— ©11 On
dteattls — — iv B 50 Coos Kay ...$ — (| 1 10
Roslyn .... 4 — — $9 0 UO
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC.—
Dutter.chotce, sq.Brj^OO! Common Eggs.'.. 15-JJ—
Do, good W f tl — lltiinrh Eggs, per
Common ........ 4*ifi) — dozen ......... 15JJ2O
Cheese, Cal 15^17 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Kastern. 17'u-u pound lr.fT.'n
Cheese, Swiss . . .'M'&M Do, extracted.. 8&10
MEATS, per lb—
Bacon lt«j,is Pork Sausages. 12H1313
Hams 13617 Smoked Beet 17-0.-0
Lard 15® —
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats:
Koast Beef '.10®lSinoast Mutton. ,12®12H
Tenderl'n St'k.l5@17Vi Mutton Chops.. 10© 12 Vj
Porterh'ge do..l7"-i@2t> Mutton Stew ... — @ s
Round Steak. .liKyl-Vi Roast Veal WHIT,
Beef Stew 8O10 Veal Cutlets ....15@1H
Corned Beef .... 8i#lO Roast Pork . . .12 *'.>,'•£ I,'
Koast Lamb . .12^©15 Pork Chops — @15
Lamb Chops ..12'^ISI
POULTHY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50®00 Pigeons, pair ..AOdt-Zn
YounK Roosters, Bnuabs, per palr.50Vf i;,"»
each 75e@*l P.abblts. each ..13«2(iK
Old Rooaters. ea.5iHi"j,Httre, each — @2O
Fryers, each . . ..501(75 English Snipe,
Broilers', each. ..40ft »o per doien .. — ©$4 00
Turkeyu, per lb..l»W- > 2 Jack 8nlpe. ..— ©$2 60
Ducks, each t*.">«*l Wild Geeae. per
Oeese. each....$l MifC-' pair 73c1i$l OO
Goslings . ...—©$2 50 Brant, each ....25^03
FRUITS AND NUT3—
Allixator Peary. Grape Fruit. Der
each 25^50 dozen r.0f?7."l
Almonds \:>n-z<) Limes, dozen ...10^15
Apples •!<¦ 5 Lemons, dozen ..ZOUi'.lO
Pecans —fl'10 Oranges. doien..2O<ati(>
l"iaz!l NuU "."'i'i/— Pineapples. cach.2(i(*iri(>
Bananas, dos . ..15©".'."5 RaUlns, per lb.. 6015
Cocoanuts. each. — iii" Walnuts, pr lb.rj'.yu lj
Dried Figs, pr lb— ®10
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, pr lb..10f;i0!*Muahronms, lh.. ,15010
Artli-hokes, l4.»l'ni 50 Olcra. dried, lb.:— f,u«.
lieets, doaten .. ..W()-i I'otatoes, pr lb..2**j»,
lleans. white, lb. (i^— Parsnips, per ilx.100—
Colored, per Ib. tin — {Radishes, doxun
Pried Lima, lb.. •'.-« H bunches . .-. . ..15fi2O
Cabbage, earh... Bfj— Rhubarb .—©13
Celery head ,,., Hi — "dweat 1'otatoea,
i'iv.-s, d« ltii.ii-...- 1 'ii 1 ::o per II) ...... .2VrfC I
CuRiimbers, .u.|l r<"'.i*i i ' j ii»-«, dos bnch4.23<^3u
l!gg I'liint, ib, ,,.;!ii'n m tiering Means, pep
UiiFlia ,». r •" " pnuntt ....... .is, c.-O
flraan Papper«,lb.lflt(3fi Hu.ii..i. 1- ;i.|im a h,
Orean i'eua, |l>.tUtH)''-i P"" 1 imun>i, , ., ,^f(ZO
i.eifii.t,, per ti<i«,ir>'/4'i:**i'»-iiuu, i.«i- 11.., r.n. it
l,«tUa, <i* »'¦ lid . , Ifi.r.:" riiuiio.-li, n»f lli., t>-n ¦
onions, per Ib.S'/iti-l 1 /? 'lhvm«, d* buhe.Sfl'ft:!')
Ursan Onloni. ¦ d>' Turnl(.«, \>tr <1'*», i««©=»
t)«*iah?f» ... ..ARQW ¥ym«!t)«-(-,pr lb.|t)1JI3^
ra'tl ,,. ,.....-©l3'4|Hfl<l fJans ... ...—
f'H?fl»h ... ==«=• NlltnlW ... .....,-=®lll
C«i1ft!ih ......... .2fi«=- W"* ..........ISH'giS
l''l..iiii-1rt» . . ..laV'jf'-"" MXtltao, B 4 ,l» ,,, >.-ul,1
Jtrtllbut ,,. ....— **tS fS'JUlrt ,,.....,.. =i&-.
Herrlntf .'.. •>••> Mf*- tamjte ..12'iniR
M»"kefeJ ... .V..— <?— ttirbol ........ >,20<uM
t)r), *or&* .....=«- 'rrdui -»(jm
t*erch ... ...... ~©-=- tirnnk Treut . ...— <Q^~
l'offlplnrt ....75e-9ll no Whlleflsh log—
M'.'kr-.fl ....... .^"12" Cloms, gallon . . .r.n-$ ~
Itockflsh ........— «80 Do. hardshell,
Balmon, fresh ..20«a<"' f mand .... *n\0
Do, smoked ...IB'W'.'D Crawfish ......—^12",
Kflfillnes ... . ..-=-9— Crabs, each. .. ., .^*"?2!»
PhrlttiDs •'• . ...1o^> — Muspels, quart .. — 11'— *
Khad ... lii«— OysteM, Cal. 100.40«j5«
Etrlped Bass . ... 13®20 "Do, Eastern,da.U@iO
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
cmcyMjo, March T,~Wheat wn« n|ow' mo^t
of lha day bei-BUBo nf tho dlvei-Bonca (if up liili. 11
on th« crop condition. Wmitber 1.1 >.>ti.-« 1. ,>im
w«t« for nhoworM throunhout the suffering
betintry to-tliiy «n4 even rumori g£ tight iliow
cm came to hand. Tim (tairinRt report") hsw>
¦ver, iflifjweil Kiuipah in n imrt w«y ami bull*
lull advice* kept coming in rrom Oklitliomn,
; T'-XIII', hl'llllllH IHHl ' HUM, I'lthlKN WKfn III III
Hii.l Ni'iihw. «i. i'ii ri..'.-i|.i« were very IlKht.
i M«y Httut^il H» lower Ik um'httngwl, Por the
1, 1 •.'<"!' part . if lha ».^b|..h ninHutUlwiB wn..
iiMiiow 11ml th*> life whu dieiiily g<»ne out of
(hi. I". The rain t'OixirtK from Kiui^hm cugril
May ttmifurarlly to 7u%i&*tlHo, alter hitviny
f »lii nt 'iiiw, inn with the niilvul nf liifoi-niii
tlon (if 11 h'ti.r i-hmhi tiiuli. thi'i'M ciiitii' ti
good tiiilijr. HIisrtR cnvi'ii'ii uii'l wmei fnt. 1
I.IIMHB «I".v«>|m[m.i| Into. Mliy Unlii Up With It
eputt to "iV'S 1 ' and closed very nun, %o up, nt
I'tji'n wns (lull, but followed wheat's
strength, Miiy clcK'd linn, %n higher, at Ww
WUOi
Onls v.Ki" vciy dull, but Ktrong, In pynipnlhy
with corn nnd '.vhrat. May ctoBcd %a up at
44 Vie.
I Provisions were quiet, but there was sonia
Rood cuir.inlRslon house buying. The ci.-li ui*
iiiuiiil wai fair. May polk closed lot! up; lard
Oc higher, und ribs ofetVic higher.*
Tha leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
O K IS O w> 5
»m 1 frig if |I f
I11_L-J L
'Clla 211. f.S 50 41 PI3 Unin
kcr ....... .2». hi 4fl rri me rioudy .«<o
rr-n i"t,Ui 41 2n H\V I'I. <*:.!>' .00
i.i.u UtJ.TJi 51 4K Hi Cliiudj' .dl
¦hi ,:vi,<m us 411 nil It. Clay ,10
j;maff .'Mt.iNl 4»i 14 H M.CMy ,(0
Utl'ilM, M... ill. I* 4U .1'" W " I.. ..U .02
11 jirtidr ne* .Cil.tl* f.4 ,IH I* 1'l.Cldy ,IKI
« Anselr*, , ,;ki,1«I «3 4t W rt.t'ldy ,10
wnlx Uti.tn 73 «" I? IM.CIdy .<iO
tilhiid t'll.*.* '4H ."N KR Hajn ,f>4
J Jijurf *;» 1»n M 4i KR rt.i'My ,00
.-.i.uiR ....'J-.i.t.U r.i 40 BW Cloudy T.
mmiiiiij ..Uii.uo &s 4* gH I't.CJdy .00
I Ufc* .. Jit T.
i Fmni-lNfo.S'J.iiM «J » 4«> H\V riuudy .no
t, n'.,iE|.i., ,,'lu,<i« 1111 ,1* M «'|.it.i< ! ,'"
1 I'lrsu,.,. ,:«i,wi f.H 4*1 W <*;«u<1y .<mi
l(!r ...... ,l,M,«.i «<l 4<l K llttin .42
Kan* s*-»,"n <¦< .hi <i Mi)- ,30
Jh iu»- ,....»«. 64 4'» 40 HB f1eu4y .is
iiln NV«ti«..ri."4 M «3 H riaudy .<«i
ii.rniuns /.'it.ia 4S .'id KW Cloudy ,«iO
n "* JJ L'-L 1 ' " llMl " * 4 i2 f, Ckttl '°?
Vin^irraturc. 7 ». 111.^=4*.
5ATHKH CONDITIONS AND CKNKltAU
POMSCA8T.
h« prpw<ur« i':"-- fuUcn ainnff lh« roast from
Int Conception t" «ni'p lilaii",, A dlstutb*
»- of niicirrBU pn?fty but errst area over*
* th* iinrtliwpFlf-rn portion <.f the roaft and
I probably drift Mowly cartward. Th? W>tn
¦aturc ba* tlprti over the rr.tlre country tve?t
the llucky Mnuntatno. Over Oregon there
. bpen a rl«? of 14 decrees.
t utheart ttutm wntnlnps ere «liFpla>efl along
coart from Han Francisco northward,
'orerast mndi- st l?an Krancisoo for thirty
jrr rnflljiist rnidnlKht, March H, H>02:
<orthem Ceilfornls — Ualn HttunJay; brUk
high noutheart wind.
*mthTn <:alirornla — Clondy end unsettled
ath^r Saturday. |K.'Ff!ibly light fhowen north
Kan TVdro; frefJi pouth^rly "A-indj. .•"-.. .
Nevada— Cloudy tr.d iinwttli-d weather Sat
is;-, with Htrfct chowcrs in cstrems r.orthern
•tlon: brl*k to hlrh southerly wind.
shij Franrlsco Bed vicinity — Cloudy and un
tied weather Saturday, with ehowcrs; brUk
.':.). eouthcast winds.
ALEXANDER Q. Me A DIE,
1 F"orecai!t Official.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
rtccclpls of Oranges are light nnd nil Krnrlra
are firm under a ntc*iu1y dnmnml, Prlroa are
unrhnngrd, hut hnvo uu upwiinl tendency, nml
extra fnney btnmls from IlcillutifliJ uml vicinity
are uelllnfr above cpjotattonn. At Ut» nuctlcn
rtundni'ii NhvuIh sold from |t fio to |1 13 and
Clilicy brnuiiht f'J MIQ2 itn. Cholcs Lemons
brought II Bo nnd common "flf/OBo.
Other l''r\iliM remain bnehansed. Two cutit
of New iirli'ittiH llnii.iniiH carn« In,
API'LKH— »2©a «5 per ban for e»tra. II 2S«
1 70 far good to choke ana uoc^ll for crUi'
imry, • .
OimUH FIUriTS— Nftvel Omnges, flfjl 50
for PtnndardN, 11 ti'i'S'J for eho\v» and lafi'J 7f»
for funyy; Hp»iilln«», II VI fiu: TanKerin^s. in
<iu.»»'ixi- i..i:i.n, 7:..'i(.fi nnd II .'.ti-.i'j In half
boxe«i Lpni"!}". 76o0ll tor common and tl 33
f/1 ny for ko«ji1 to BbnlPfl nn.t II 7.1fea flu tor
tuney; riraiie PrwU, |t«3 00; Mexlettn Llm»H,
*•('•( t i Htt»ii*M»isi. tSfis SO per liun.'li for N«w
OflriiiiN nml |^t|2 60 for Hawaiian; l'lneai>i>le«,
*;t'!i C per iinxi'U.
Dried Fruits, Nuts a\id Raisins.
Light Bteclti, firm prlep* and a very fair de
mand are still the conditions ruling this mar
ket at present. It le easy enough to sell fruits
nt the tiuotatlons now, the only trouble bains
that there Is hardly enough to last until the
new cro» appears.
FlttflTS— Apricot*, SttiSlO^e for Itoyals and
R'/iJjiae for standard to fancy Moorpark.2;
Kv.iporated Appli-s, 7Vj®3 l >ic; sundried, 5c:
Pcnches. H'/tC-N^c; Pears. O«CUc; Plumj, pitted,
ti©5^c; unplttpd, 1Vj®2Vjc; Nectarines, D^SOu
for red und »VbC*ic for white; Figs, 3c for
black and 0®5i,ic for white.
PRUNES— 1001 crop are quoted as follows.
H0-40'«. tl@fi%c: 40-50' s. 4%®5« / ic; O0-t;0's. i',i
(ff4%c; 00-70's, y«i©4t;c; 70-Wn, aViOa^ic; 60
l)0'3, 2y»®:<ttc: O0-100's. 2V.@2"-ic per lb.
HAISINS — Seeded. 3- crown, Sc; 2-crown, C'/i
iTJ'^ic; Loosa Muscatels, 0V4c for 4-crown and
r>y,c for seedless; H-crown, tic; 2-crown, 5*4c;
Seedless SultAnas, u'ic for unbleached and 7@
8V-2 for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $'¦!; De
hesa. ?2 CO; J'ancy. $1 73; London Layers,
$1 25SXI 35.
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll<312c; Walnuts, No. 1
Koftshell. O^c; No. 2, 8®8%c: No. 1 hardshell,
t»c; No. 2. 7c; Almond3, 10Vi@12c for puper
f-hell; O^lOc for softshell and C@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts. B@7c for Kastern; Brazil NuU,
12fii2Vic; Filberts. 12®12Vjc; Pecans, lliyiac;
Cccoanuts, $«J 50^5.
HONEY— Comb, 11V4013C for bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water white extracted. o<y
O'c; llKht umber extracted, 4m.'.o; dark, 4c.
BEiSSWAX— 27V4(32ac per lb.
Provisions.
Provisions were stronger again at Chicago,
though the recovery was slight. The feeling
was less bearish and the brokers were buying,
supposedly" for the packers.
The Hun. Francisco market continued neg
lected and featureless.
CURED 'MEATS— llacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12»,&c for light medium. 131,40 for light.
IV/tc for extra light and l.'u for sugar-cureU;
Uuuti'rii sugar-curud Hams, 12ty<ijloc; Califor
nia Hums, HHO12^c; Mess lieef, *:i r,oyl0
pur Itarrel; extra M««s. |10 CiliUfll; Family,
ill (S0®12; prime Me»s Pork. $K»; extra clear,
$22 D0O33; Mess, |18 OO^IU; timoked lieef,
lilViWNo p«r Ib.
LVHD— Tierces quoted at 7%o per lb for
compound and lol&titla for pure; half barrels,
pure, II ',;<>; 10-Ib tins, li'ic; S-lb tins, Wjkfl
U-lb tin*, ll'r'- .
COTTOLUN K— One half-barrel, 0T4e; thre«
hnir-lmiTHM, ;!¦;,.•; 11110 tlercu, U%o; two tlervca,
t> i/j 3 j 11 v« tlercati, |)%u pur Hi-
Hides, Tallow Wool and Hops,
Loral Hide dealer* m.i reporting & very weak
iimrU«i, though ii'ioUilona »|i..w iilil.j fhanga,
Orulihy «i'»-U enntlnuM to .ii«i<i«° against tit*
' marten.
Tull'iw U atlll B''»rca and firm at full figures,
W, Di M«mn#r * (''•.'« elreulftc jsaysi "Thq
VVn|--P.l|i«'il Ill'l" MllllU'f iS (Illll St loWBf prl-'xa,
ti'.lllMi Ji!«1as ¦••illUllHH t'< flii.l |bi«.Iv «nt(>, but
Fiertvy nivl medHim full JUil«» are «ee«Biulai>
lug in the hands ef the dealern, There u «b
pjicepUfiiittlly suort demand, fur dry illtisf*.
li.itf=a ili'lesi nf miifh suught nft^r. There ia
every iitillwatlon U**u the <i»iii»ihi| aiiti pfe.4ent
prkes wiil-eoiitlnu 1 for sutne tlm^. liuchsklns
hi" in short eUppl/ nml are Wanted at tluettt*
UC MlbE8 AND HKINft-Ctill- utid brands *eU
about l'/j« under inittati'ms. lie&vy salted
Btecrs, ildi Hiedjuin, U^e 1 , llsht, "Vioj Cow
Hides, «<! tor hpavy and t;»/j r ; for light; BtaR4,
11 '¦¦:.(!; HHlttd Kit), »•<.•; Baited \>.il, !!¦•; Halted
Calf. 10c i Dry Hides, locj Culls, 14c; Vry
Kip, 14©10c> Dry Calf, ISc; Culls anil liranii*.
ir<ei EheepJikltw, shearlings, lfj^aoc each; short
Wool, UOCJOOo each', medium, «0®75c; long
Wool, $0c»+*l 10 each! Hime Hides, ealt, $2 if,
nil for large and $2 'ZWa 2 CO for medium, |1 75<i3J
a for email and J}')d for Colts; Horso Hides, dry, 1
|1 70 for large, |1 25tfl CO for medium, |1®1 25
for small and COc for Colts. Deerskins—Hum
mer or red jklns, <!5c; fall or medium skins,
80c; winter 'or thin skins, 20c. Ocatsklns —
Prime Aneoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, '15c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, Cc per Ib; No. 2,
4> / < l @5c; grease, 3®3Hc.
WOOL — Fall. San Joa'juln, C©Sc; San Joa
euln Lambs*. 7 1 / <i<BS>/jc; Middle County, 8<91(;c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, lS'tflSVic; do
fall. 14^15c per lb.
HOPS — ll®12c for fair and 12&@14c per lb
for Ecod to choice. Local dealers quote \Z r £
17VjC for shipment.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. June and July. 6c: San
Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32®35c; Fleece
Twlno, 7«.®»c.
COAL — Wellington. 50 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. Ul); Seattle. ?r. r>0: n>-yant, «« f>0:
Hoslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; WallsenJ, IS 50;
Co-operative Wallsend, $S 50; Cumberland. ?ij
In bulk and ?1.'J 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthracite, $14;
«;ann^l. $ll;per ton: Cuke. $15 per ton In bulk
nnd *17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$:s 43 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according
to brand.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
Exchange and Bullion.
DoniMtlo PXChnnce ]a lower.
Hlt*rliiut l^vchdiiK", (JO il.iys — li M
gtcrjln* C-blw, light — 4 P8H
HtPrlintf Citlik'S — . 4 KOVi
New York Kxehfinst, hIkIh — i»
Nf;w york ICxpIibi>k«, tPU'Kruplilo — - 12»«
Hllver, per ounce — ji^AJ
Mfsl.iui ] •..iluii., mniliiiil — <,¦,;*
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON. March 7.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
H? n ?A e^ C . Iu ."! V0 of tI)e *10«.OOO.OOO gold reserve
in the dl vision of redemption, shows: Ava.il
300 8 C ba lanco, ?177,704,639; gold, |03,ltia,.
Condition of the Treasury.
THE COAST RECORD,
•n l-*r«i)i'it»'t> d»i8 — Mnxinuiro ceroperatura,
minimum. 4&; tsean, ;.« ,
lie fallowing inaximura and minimum tern
atut-r* «¦«-«. reported from Sastarn stations I
Ston ."."aSIao'ilcaniMis City . . . . .aoHo
vlnnatt ....... 4iu:u ums,h(i ... B2-a«
Uddjihl* JW-Uii U'hlcaea 4H-:tl.
rl:iMtl..!i . . U '.'I 1'iil.MI 41' '.'I
i-F.i.viiir :.•¦; .;'-.m I...1111. 62-14
» York US-SMPatt L.tU» City. ,.4l-:i<
,no O.OO 5.43 l».JU
enendence O.fiO 3.9:1 6.70
I Lull Oblf-Jio.... 0.00 1S.M 27.01
. AniEeles 0.00 S.7.1 13.CH
, irtt-eo 0.00 4.C7 8.53
Last This iJiFt
tatlont— 24 hours. fi?R»on. Season
.*ka »<>* ¦¦¦¦ M-«J
I Bluff O.O0 2«.C0 S2.O5
rareento «.O(» 15. ei 1O.7H
i Kr&nrlsco 0.00 J5.6W 18.04
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 7— S P. m.
he following are the seasonal rainfalls to
«. as compared with those of the same
: last season and rainfall in the last twenty
r hours:
Weather Report.
Chic & O West.... SCO 24 >4 24 24%
Chic&GWApfd. 100 b'i 80 87^
Chic & G XV 13 pfd * 45',;
Chic & Northwest. 4,000 2:« 22S 220 %
Chic R I & Pac 1,000 I«5*h 104»i 1C5
Chic Ter & Tr 2,200 lS^ 17% 17%
Chic Ter & Tr pfd . «,30O 34 32% 33
C C C & St Loula 101
Colorado Southern.. 17.100 20% 25% SUM
Colo Sou 1st pfd...% 2,tKK) 71 i 7O',£ 70Vj
Colo Sou 2d pfd.... 11,000 4:i Al% 42%
UpI &. Hudson.... 1,100 172>i 171'i 171^
Del Lack & West 2SI
Denver & H G l»(K) 44 'i 41>i 43%
Denver & It G pfd. 2n0 01% 01 \j, 111 Mi
Erie R.iiOO 37% 37 H7>^
Krle let yfd 1.20O O.H «7% ilT-m
ICrle 2.1 |.!.l Mm ,vi"i M>-j r.l'j
<3reat Northern pfd 100 1S3% 18.1% 184
Hoiking Valley ... 800 U9 03 08
!Ioc-k!n« Val pfd 84
Illinois Central ... 1,700 LtOU 110 l;i'J«i
Iowa Central 11.700 C0% 40% 60»Z
la*» Central |>fd.. 2,S«xi KJ^i H'i% K:i>4
Mke Kile & Went. . 2(*l ( H«4 «;S 07>A
Lake IS & \V iifj.. (MM) J33' 134 132
l4OulH\ll!o & Nuuli. Clio liU'.i J O.1 11 1(«H
.M:inlmllan L, S.lM'il 1,,-JS 131% 131 %
Mrtr»|Nilttnn Hi lly l,«o<( iat\l I«i7'i 107%
Mi'XJfnn «*entiul... S.fltK) vhiJ 2n 2N',i
MrxU-nn Nntlunnl,. i>MH»i 20Vi 10H ">i%
Minn & fil Ivniln... N.0<i0 in", 110% 111
Ml»*nurl Pnrlne .. 8,2<xt iiun; hx% us%
Mo Kan & Tex..;.. . 4<io au si 2IU
Mo Knn .\ Tex |ifd m«i f.f. fi»y 4 r.i
N 3 i ¦iit.nl inn 11)1 Kit iv.i
N Y Central I.ikmi ]<u|t« KiSVu J'''.'-','i
Nnrfolk et Went... 2,*oo 07^. r.7 67
Norfolk & \V pfd.. 2iM) W jid^i 1104
Ontario & West... 1.nm .'1:114 33 .'l.'l
I'rnnnjlvatilft 2N.Mk» lM!*, K»l% IM%
lUmllng ln,»i(io M WH 61 Vi
Itmdinit 1*1 pfd.... lion hori h*>% Wll
IlmdlnK VI pfd.... l(i,<N)il HI (SAU till 1
hi l& h r a,.*io «ii 14 isi iii'»i
HI 1. *, 15 K lnl 1'fd. Kin M', Mi, SI .
hi urn » i'" vd pfd. 7mj n% 72 n
Kl I, HrjuthWf»l '.'l"i
L ri(iutlnvi>st pfd 110(1 R7'4 f.UVj M'i
H l'uul ..,,,• J.70M 1«I»'I 1iW% lilU'J
m 1'uui pfii ,,, vihi 1111 liiu^i itio»i
t*oulhfrn l'lirllip ,, 22,<«Ht <il B i m 1 * lU'i
Knutliirn llallwoy.. 1,100 Jta^j .Wi JC4
Houlhnn Hy i.l.l,,, i,i«.u <,.•: !.:.'„ KM,
'1 'rk«f A i'...'i,i. . . . . 1, :;...i ;:u% .'Ki'llt BOti
Tnl Mt I. .'. Went.. a>"l «'at« »!» 22',*
1UA Hi L H \V ptd, 4'JO -ill!; '.»)% 40
Unlen I'adflo ,,,, 23,000 l< ! 0 Wh U.i%
Union I'rtclflo nfd,*. Jtno N7'» K7 Wi'u
Wi»li'i«*h , tiui y4« v -" T 4 «<
WdhHkh pM 1.0IMI Ml* 4'.Mj WA
Wherl /i U IJrIo.. a.rttjo •;«« jiii. MS
Wtiwl & U K 'M lif H«» .:-' .'13 Hi.
Wlwrnirin •Vjiirftl,, 1,<kki "M4 S" 1^ «!i |! -j
v-i: "Vim,., i i.fd... 4. mi 4i>j 4-j£ 42 W
Ailnns ., ,, , j'n.'
,Mn. li.:,l| , ,,, ,,,,, ,,,, ,,,, '.'.,()
UnH«d lUBlr-t .... icwj 115 115 114
WrtW'Pargo ..... .... .... lui
MlU'.ellriiii-'ntif-—
Amnltf tvjf-r i.'l.WKi «i% n«u cs^
Am Cttr A.i'ftundtr" 3,'" ( »<i !M%' ISO% •'<•> !
Atn «-«r «t Vuti pM 7H1 tui% Mil ha'/i
Am i/<==.. i 4)11... !•¦ .1 '.: . 31% 22 1 i
Am Hni"^P'l Oil pM «Kfl t\\\\' t AS &5L
Am cmrlt A- ftinn. 000 4'!% 4iiM, 4'iU
Am Hmrlt e-: It prd 6i«i 03$ l»Hij «w
Anamhila Mln 00. 400 \W\ il'.\ JW
Mrooklvn fl Tt-anslt 5.«hh» - M% «U1»4 «t
Ct4o fupI g: lion.. 't.i.l'K) tm / tia jt^'-i
«>>n«iilldate"l Gap.. 14,400 222 220 £21 (i
Cor.tinrntal Tob pfd 117«.>
Ocn?rn! Klertrk... 2,100 .1OJ 2IMH4 2;in';»
(Iluc-ose Pupar . 10CI 44',-i 4i'^ 44
HorkinR <V«il 1,700 1H 1C4 16i«
lnt"ni:it I'.-ippr.... VH} 20 >4 2n:<, 20
Intermit Paprr pfd 4MJ 70 70 70
Int^rnat Power hi;
Laciede Gns |HI
National HiFcuit 47U
Netlcnn! L^aJ l(j-"T
Xi-tional Salt pfd oo
Xorth American .".no O4',i O'i'i »:;*.»
Paclflc Coact .... 72
Pacific Mall 1.K00 47U 47 47V,
People's Gas 4un «•*% W\i' 03«4
1'reFFed Pteel Car. !K)O '40% 40 :;•)}„
Pressed Et Car pfd "300 S4 ' k;»4 s:{U
Pullman Pal Car.. lf'O 2.Hx«4 2::s:w 2.J"'
Rojiubllc HUel 11,'JOO lT.i^ I«ff 171,:
Uepubiic Steel pfd K."'"O 72»A 72 72< 4
Suffar 19,000 127T-i 12!;-% 127?,,
Tenn Coal At Iron. iSi.aoO 71 c.t% iu*V<
I'nion Has & Pai>er isU
rnlon Bap &. P pfd 711'
IT K Leather WW) li% 11^ n%
II 8 Leather pfd.. BOO IV 81 U fctii
II H JlubbfT 100 15>-i 15'/i 13U
U H Uubbcr pfd z>C,
IT 8 Steel ft.OoO 4T,4 Azy. 4":i/
U S S?ter| pfd &.U00 !MT& iH\ W%
Western Union .... TOO 111 110% ,h>%
Air Locomotive ... 4,000 :S2% ;(2 ;i^- w
Am locomotive pf 1,200 u2!«i 02% v*'*
Total sales ...CU8.100
NEW YOP.K BONDS.
t: S ret 2s r'-u...lftO |L & N unif to.V.lOltt
II K r»>f 2s coup... Wj\i Mexican Cen 4*.. H2>Z
u H :i« rt-K lou'.i Uo itt inn ;»i^
V H Us cou» loyi/JM A St J^-juIh 4s, 1O.'I ".
U H new I-, reg.naii M K a T 4»....ioo
U S new 4n cuup.lV.t9i Uo lids h2«i
U S old 4s reg ...UI^Jn Y Central 1 him. W.%
V H old 4« .-ii.il.. . 1 12'.. ]Jo l'i-ii JH" ...1<»>
V H Lh rtK l"i..'j n J <:«nt gun Us. 1.17%
U H fts cou;> luii'/g Northern V*e 4n..iori4
Afhlmtn Km 4».. 104^| Uo .'Ih "H\
Do ao]i.t 4k ... Hi >,5 Hart & W con 4«.lii|i/j
Uslt * nhlu 4*.,.l«i»"/,|ltth(iIr:B gtn it... U!»V*
i>" -'i'.:- '•"¦'¦> Hi \, - j m c:i r.i. 1 if-,
J»» roriv 4« ,,.,HMftt till. & H V 4s., IW/.
''ui.u.iii h.<utn Sids.lMn Hi I, H W IbIi.,, vhW
I'.-i.iml u( Hu, itu.lUI'A Un \(,\h 7» w
i'i. ]«t Hi'- ',<¦ , .-in. A ,' A I' 4m, (II
n,u /.¦ tilil'j 4i,'j»,lVl;% H.uillitrii I'H'i 4.,, mil
till # Alton ,IVjH. M', HoUllieril Itv (>»,,|2I
il li * i) new in, H5')' t 'ii-xmb & I'm iMs.tiMC
<! M tk Ni I' en 4s. Ill ( 4 'J'.,| HI I, to \\ u. Hh
r * N W ?•"li 7m, l-'l* 1 ;* UnlMl J'Hflflo 4a,ua%
Q It I * |» 4n. r . .1U (4 Uo rr,nv in ....loili
1' "' ' V . f!l I. fl> i= 1"! U(.t..i^ti lt ia , , , , J lf.l-4
«"hl 'loiffilfittl 4*. Mi U« Mn ....,,,,111
t'olw * i". ...1 1. 4n, tK'j Uu i....| |( ,,,,, 74
Ue»V»-f «? U M 4», M« W«M Ptiuris Ib ,.,11,111
j;rl« firlftf Hpii 4s, Jki'4 \v * t. u r u* in,, \t\\
l»«i §*>n H ...... t\\ Rfiwen <>n 4a,,, wl»
Vi W Ik H U Ml».il.'< Oil 'it>U 4t* ..... iitiVi
iit.tkiim Vsi 4i,i*.i<«V4l
NliW YUJIlt MINiNO MTOt'KH.
A<1«niH V-m .... «'» hHile (lilet .... II
Alirn ... ...... 4fl IM.I..I,;.. .,, ,,.,7 7;,
i ¦>'.'.. ... . .... f-" «'j.iiii , ., ,,,,,, fii
V.M.j'invlih 1 4 t)11 . (Hi V\MWi\\K ,.. ,,, (Ml
rntf»£lf«rk- Tuhlifl 'Ift^, J'olotl ... ,,,,,. W
run 'i'i A V«,.l .'in r-nwiti- ... ,,,,. i,:,
i>*<tH*/r,t,<\ Tpiia. btl i^lerm Kpvada ,. 10
Horn nivir ....1 40 -'mull Hopes ••< Hi
Iron Silver ,..< 7'l , tandard ... . .<«! il9
LtadVllle C</n... 05
homoH STOCKS AND fiONUS,
Monfy— V fl Kteel ....... 42 *i
«'all loans ...,fJ',i©4 Do pfd ........ iil^
Time loans ...4 </*& Wectlngiis Com,., IK»V»
linnds — Mlnlnff —
A trhlson 4s .'....103 Adventure 222 Vi
Gas Ists K'l Allourz 4
Mtxlcan Cen 4s. Hi Amalgamated .... (JH%
X i: Gas & Coke. f»s lialttc 27>1
nsilroads— IHngham itltf
Atrhlson 75 Cal & Hecla ....010
Do pfd OUU .Centennial 21
Boston & Albany. 2«.1 Copper Kange .. 71
I liorton & Malne.lt).") Dominion Coal ..104
liorton Klevatcd..l<;5 K.-anklln ... .... l.'l
N yy N H & 11214 Yi Isle Itoyale 20
Kltchburtr pfd ..147 Mohawk 37
Union Pacific ... W»U, Did Dominion ... 22%
Mexican Central . 28 Osceola 73«4
MlsceilaneouM — Parrot 31 ',4
American Sugar .127% yuincy ... 135
Do pfd 117 Santa Fe Copper. :i'A
Amer Tel & Tel.lW0»/i Tamarack 210
Dom Iron & Btecl. ZT% Trimountaln 08
General Electric .200 Trinity 10
Mass Electric ... 33 H 'Utah
Do pfd 06'^ Victoria 0
N 13 OaM & Coke. » Wlnona i 1%
United Fruit ... 82^ Wolverine 65
LONDON CLO85XO STOCKS.
Consols for money iLouls & Nash 100%
Ul B-11 M K & Tex 25%
do for acct St4 >i do prefd 50
Anaconda 0%NY Central 1 H/«
Atchlson 77U Norf & .Western.. 5S%
do prefd ....... 'M do prefd i>jU
Bait A Ohio l«7«/i Ont & Western.. .»4
Can Pacific H&fc South Hallway ... 3£Yt
Che* A Ohio 47 Houth By prefd. .. a. f
Chi at Western.. 23 South Pacific .... CjJ»
NEW YORK. March 7.— Money on call was
•teady at 2H®3 per cent; closing bid and
asked, 2%®2% per cent; prime mercantile
paper. 4@4«i per cent; sterling exchange was
«? a // 1 «TK t «i¥- t 5 aI , busilieM ln inkers' bills
A i Jt 87 . %<S> ' i ii>! y*A tor demand and $1 85U(9>
i 85 V4 lor sixty dVys; posted rates, *4 80 and
11 bSI '4: commercial bills. U 84^(8)4 85%: bar
silver. !U>ic; Mexican dollars. 43V4c; bonds—
Oovernment. strong; State, weak; railroad.
New York Money Market.
Tho demand for evnpornted npples showed a
slight Iniiiruvemont, with Interant c«<nt<>r<-d
pilnel|>ully In the lower grades. The murket
wiu stenrty nnd unchnna.ui, Htatn, mmmon to
trood, 7«N^c; primp, i»«ri»Ue; choice, IM^ijilOo:
tunev, loViCHc. California dried frulu wtro
nearly rtll actlvo hihI firm, l'rutit'g and niirU
cots show an ndvaiiclnv tcmienoy, with tho
niiirkn nlmoitt tiara nf the lower Krnil^i i.r tha
latter. Prunes— It %# 7c. Anrltats— Hoynt ion
He; Moorpark. 7f/llil'^c. P<?achus— Ponle'd. li
ffiso; unneeleJ, HiQUia.
DH1ED 1'ltUITS,
WHEAT— Receipts, 37,050 bushels; exports,
S3.0C0 bushels; fcpot, firm; No. 2 red, 87%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, S7!4c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, U5%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. SIHie f. o. b. afloat. Until
the last hour wheat was inactive and unmoved
by prevailing market influences, holding ateady
on light receipts and firmer cables in opposition
to a favorable weather map. During the close,
however, upon reports of no rain in the South
west the shorts hastily covered and ' prices
•Jumped He, closing firm at %o net advance.
March closed at 83c; May, 82%@S3 3-10c,
closed at S-'t^c; July, 82%igS3»4c, closed at
sa'Ac^Hepttmber, »J&83»,4c, closed at 82}i&
COFFEE— Futures market closed quiet net
5010 points lower: total walos, 2.1,700 bngti,
including March. t'< 25; April, <Q 23; May,
?r> 40; Juno, (3 CO; September, (3 73; October,
95 80; JJeeemhcr, |3 03. Hpot, quist; No. 7
jnvolco Ofie; mild, dull; Cordovn, Miyiae
BL'OAri— Raw, steady; fnlr refininB, 2 in-ni.-j
ciiiiHiiKnl, mi tent, It T-lUc; inolitiHeti oiifur,
2 Ji-nio; ifllni'd wi's dull, \
NEW YORK, March 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
7800 barrels; exports, 0302 barrels; more ac
tive and firm, with some mills asking Gc ad
vance; winter patents, $3 8G@4 20; winter
straights, S3 70®:» 00; Minnesota patents,
?3 00@4; winter extras, $3<3>3 25; Minnesota
bakers, $2 l)5®3 30; whiter low grades, $2 80@
2 00.-
New York Grain and Produce.
Butter Is off again. The Exchange, as Inti
mated yesterday, made another cut. flxlnsr
creameries at 2.'J@2(Jc and dairies at 17S25c,
while along the street there was a correspond
ing reduction In asking prices. Dealers are
standing from under and selling as fast as pos-
Flble »o cs to avoid crowded floors later on.
Receipts are too large for the demand.
There is no further change In Cheese, but
Hi.! market ia weak with liberal recelpta.
Kkks ftre not quoted ,much lower, but they
aro still very weak. Some dealers say that the
bottom has been touched for the present, while
othem are predicting still lower prices. Stock*
aro very law, shipping orders uru too light
to rnnmimu tha surplus, and commission mer
chants are still averse* to storlna on account
of the rnoint weather. All handlers rinvo moro
Kkkh than they know what to do with.
Itocelpt* with pounda, n tub* and — —
keu% »t Uutter, 1 t'.iM cases e( Ekbs. 10,100
pounds of Cnllfornla CheenB, — pounds at
Or*ffon Chotsa an4 -— poundi of Ivi.u.ni
Chp<t»w>.
JJUTTRR— Crenmery, 27H©28o r«r Ib for
fancy, Ufa for firsts And 23fft2<U) for seconds;
iliihv. 300300! store nutter, ITv-'H- 1 p«r Ik
ciii;i',hi:»=Ncw. iifffiiVi-; uld, K!fiioV6e;
Yountc Aiii.rluii. 1 2.1/ latu' 1 ! Kuat.'fn. Ml/ l.'u per
pound,
KiKJH -- Unti'li, 1IT/1*' 1 for srln-li-ii hirs" and
1. "KM. 'Hi i! for good to choice; store, iSt/'llla per
do»en.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13!fJ14c for Gob
blers and 10©lCc for Hens; G«ese. per pair.
$1 5O«n 75; Goslings. $2 25@2 00; Ducks. $.">««
for old and $0 r.0@7 60 for young; Hens. $i CO
©0 50; young Roosters, $0 0o@7 50; old Roos
ters. ?4 25@4 CO; Fryers, $3 D0@0; Kroilera,
«B©5 50 for large and ?3©4 fur small: Pigeon*.
$l~S0 per dozen for old and $2 00@2 73 for
Squabs. . <
. GAME— Hare, *1@1 25; Rabbits. $1 00 for
Cottontails and $1 for Bru*h; Gray Geese, $:i©
3 BO; White Qecse, fl@l 25; Brant, SI 5O<g2
per dozen; Honkers, $3®4 50; English Splpe.
$3; Jack Snipe, $1 50^2; Robins, nominal.
Receipts of California Poultry were moderate
and most kinds sold. well at former prices. Old
Roosters were a shade lower and small Broilers
were In ovcrsupply and weak. No Eastern
came into the market.
There were no changes In Game. Nineteen
sacks came In.
Poultry and Game.
LONDON, Morch 7. — Consols, 04 5-16®04i / i;
silver, 23 '/id; French Rentes, lOlf 47V6c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and 'steady; No. 1
standard California, 20a lOMid; Walla Walla,
JOs fld; English country markets quiet.
LIVERPOOL, March 7.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Purls, firm; flour in Paris, firm; wenther In
Kngland, overcaat; cuttoti, uplands, 4 13-16d,
Receipts of wheat durlna the pam three days
were 207,000 centals, Including 41,000 Ameri
can, <•
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March. 7.— Tho sheepskin sales
were concluded to-day. The offerings, num
bering 105,051 skins,' were in fairly satisfactory
condition and air were sold. There was a
good attendance. Home and Continental de
mands were strong and good wooled stock ad
vanced Vid and short wooled %@%<1 on active
buying. Lambs were Ud dearer, while in
lerior camp stock, brought extreme rates.
London Wool Sales.
ORKGON.
PORTLAND, March 7.— Wheat, steady;
Walla Walla, 65% ©Me: bluostem, 67>*c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Marcii 7.— Wheat, unchanged;
liluestem, UOc; club, C5c. .
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE, March 7. — Clearings, $476,871;
balances, ?S.1,793.
SPOKANE. March 7.— Clearings, $201,680;
balances, $24,870.. >'•(¦' v
Northern Business.
Better business in local stocks and bonds.
Domestic 'Exchange lozver. Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley a fraction firmer again.
Oats and Rye very strong. Corn dull.
Rolled Barley higher. Bran and Middlings zvcak.
Hay in good demand for local use and expert.
Beans still subject to conditions on the river.
Butter lower again and Cheese and Eggs zvcak.
Dried Fruits continue firm, with' light and decreasing stocks.
Hides very weak and T allow very firm. .'
Meat market as previously quoted.
Potatoes firm, Onions easy and spring Vegetables somcivhat higher.
Poultry in moderate receipt and steady. j
Oranges in light receipt and firm.
Coal in good demand.
there have be»rl Ive coal arrivals from Wash
ington with 12.240 tr>r.*: one ft-om Oregon, 71"f>
tons; one' from Australia, 2204 tons; total,
21,424 tens. We lmve had fair deliveries this
week, still there will he mure consumed than
has arrlted. Ru.<ttnc!>« In the fuel tine la brisk,
both with steam anil houaehoM grades, espe
cially the lntter. as recent storms have cause'l
gratis to be continuously filled. The demand
for -lomestlo fuel wilt gradually <Umtnl»h as the
spring: approaches. Ruling prices remain sta
tionary, there ia a difference of fully $1 30
per ton between steam und house coals; fuel
oil hangs like a Damocles sword over the
neck of steam grades, ready to drop It any
move is made to advance the price; for houae
purposes oil cuts no figure, smell and smoka
force It, out of doors, for th«» present at least.
Coal frfclghta from Oreat Britain and Aus
tralia are no stronger, although the small
quantity of unsold foreicn fuel now en route
should fetch better flsrures than are now rul
ing. All the Australian which can arrive her*
in the next sixty days has passed out of Ilrst
hands. Two of those cargoes ure destined for
the Alaska Packers' Association, in Alaska;
the vessels take their cargoes forward from
here without discharging. Tht3 is a new rent ure
in the coal business, never having happened
before."
OIL— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barre>:«* boiled.
7Uc; raw, 74c; cases. Be more; Lucol, Mic fur
boiled and «4c for raw, in barreU; Lard Oil,
extra winter xtralrted, barrels. 83c; cases. t)c;
China Nut, Bmilttoo per Ballon; pure Neata
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
We; Whale Oil. natural white, 40fir,0c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42Vjc; cases. 47Vic;
Cocoanut Oil, barreU, CoUc for Ceylon aaJ
SiiM-c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Cnal Oil. In bulk.
ISttc; Pearl OH. in enses. 20c; Astral. 20o;
Star, "Oc; ICxtra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocen*.
12c; droiloriziil Htove Gasoline, in bulk, 13c; In
cases, 21V^c; Benzine, in bulk. 14o; In cases,
20%c; Sf-degree Gasoline, in bulk. .'(><:; In
caies. 2iiHc.
TURPENTINE— C7c r><T gallon In cases and
Glc In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as followx, per pound. In lUO-Ib
bass: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crashed.
4.50c: Powdered. 4..12c; Canrty Granulated.
4.150c ; Dry Granulated Fine, 4. 25c; Pry Gratr.i
lated Coarse. 4.20c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (ico-lb bags only), none;
Confectioner*' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.*3o:
Extra C, 3.73c; Golden C. .I.enc; "D,"
3.53c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more:
boxe3, CCc more; 5C-lb bass. 10c more, for all
kinds Dominoa — Half-barrels. 4.73c: boxp<
r.c per lb. Wo order taken for leaa thaa 79
barrels, or Us equivalent.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is nothing new to report.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow*: *
BEEF— 6^©7 1 / i'J for Steers and CSC'^c pe
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Lartje, 7M|ig3'/ie; small, 3@10c par lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. StfSftc; liwes, 7Va®SVs<J
per pound.
LAMB — Yearlings. OM,«jilOc per lb; Spring
Lamb. 12 1 4£''lfte per lb.
PORK— Vre used Ho e s. 7>i©Oo per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The folIowl/iK quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at Itan Francisco, le*a u j
per cent shrinkage for cattle;
CATTLE— Htears-, hHftOc; Cows nnd Kslfer*.
707 {6c; thin Cows, 4iU.5e p«r lb.
CALVUH— JHfoStye i>#r lb (itross weight).
SHKEi' — Wethern, 4'>.<£fO<;; Kwea. iPAiUto oiv
ib (cmrs w.'l.-t'.ti.
LASir.3— Huekllnff tamha, $2 Bl)i(J3 75 p«r
If hi. or .".'.j'iM'.c per ib tivawalght; yearling ».
iYtti'M per Ib.
HMtiS---r.lv.' Ho?*, 2M 1 1* and uiuiar, i:.j
<!';<•; 200 Ibd am! over, .*.Vi;.v;.-; f.-.-.ii-M, 0>j<*;
nuwh, 20 per cent off; hoars, 'M t>«r e«nt off,
mi. i stags, 40 per cent oft from the tbava quo
utlonib
Receipts of Produce.
for rniDAY, march t.
Flour, qr ski.,, mj^.tirr.n, ak» RT'j
Wh.iif, .IN .... 1,7.".' it.. |.*, bales .... 4.1
Miirlry, rtl;< .... CN.MD.tJ Khi.rtM, sks ...t 21.1
nut*, cttH ...... •¦'•'! w. ..I. skn t
li»nii,i, «kS 2.MH1 Tnilnw, rlli .... 7.M
Corn, i'tli l.min ri.iKir. rtla .... 4, '.Ml
liv.'. ctla , I..-II Hi.ifM, No ..... lit'
1'ntntoes, sits .. 4,'JK.) PtlM, bills .... 211
nnlons, ska ,.,, ...» l.ini. ¦, hblu Ol't
Htraw, tons ,,,. 25 feather, rnlls.,, (Ill
Hay, tuns 7.1.1 win ¦. gals . ... I tl ,'¦¦.»
Middlings, sks., I.MJfll
* ., onEaoM.
Oats, ctls mm Ontona, sks .... 300
Potatoes, sks .. -Oil
SUMMARY OF j THE MARKETS.
The stock market was exceedingly quiet, to
morrow being a holiday and . the settlement
coming on Monday, but sentiment was cheer
ful, particularly in Kaffirs, where the bulls'
account is much reduced and there are many
temporary bears against end of March opera
tions. The market regards as hopefully sig
nificant the stricter censorship in the Trans
vaal of. all messages passing through Pre
toriiu Houses with South African connections
are buying consols.
American shares merely reflect Now York
price movements. MeJclcan National rose a
point.
The market was again a borrower from the
S ! lve E.J" flat i on complete absence of sup
port. The metal has the .appearance of going
HOPS— Pacific Coast, firm, £3 10s<8i£4 10s.
NEW YORK. March 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Chi Mil & Et P..1C8T4 Union Pacific ...102 \'»
Den & R Grande. 45 do prefd O3V5
do prefd U4'/;'U S Steel 44V*
Er <s • asy; do prefd «7%
do 1st prefd.... m% Wabash 24 £
do 2d prefd .... 6«M do prefd 431*
111 Central _.. 143^'Spanish 4s 701 4
Bar i liver, quiet, 25%d per ounce. Money,
2% #3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three monthB' bills Is 2% per cent.
- NEW YORK, March 7.— R.Q. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Unsettled weather was the most unsatisfac
tory feature of the week. A sudden thaw fol
lowing an exceptionally- heavy snowfall pro
duced freshets nnd floods." Manufacturing inter
ests suffered and consumers were urgent for
shipment of delnyed goods, while great quanti
ties'of merchandise became stalled In transit.
Preparations for an enormous spring trade con
tinue undimlnlshed. There Is still some tui
?iisinp?s regarding the labor situation at the
coal mines and at Fall River there is disagree
ment as to the length of a cut of cloth, al
though Increased wages were assured. «
Not enly Is there no Improvement to bo
recorded in the Iron and steel outlook, .but
floods in the Pittsburg region . added to the
pressure by completely closing many plants
and damaging much costly machinery.
AU staples steadied and some roue sharply,
the net changes for the week amounting to a
considerable advance. It was natural for grain
to hold firm when wheat receipts at the West
wer« 2.0Si),:U4 bushels, compared with .'1,747,057
bushels last year. Exports of wheat, flour
Included, were 4,l74,S0t bushels, against 3.S15,
032 bushels In the, previous week and a.715,930
bushels a year ago. \ .
. Speculation wan aulet, with many guesses
as to the coming report of farm reserves.
Failures Tor the week numbered 170 In the
United States. Hgalnst 208 last year and 17
In , Canada, against 20 last year.
Dun's Review of Trade.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
TACOMA, March' 7.— Clearings, $224,633;
balances, $31, SCO.
Tacoma's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., March 7. — Clearings,
$457,110; balances, $51,522.
Portland's Business.
THE SAN imANOlSCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 1002.
Bank Clearings.
11
NfiW YOUK, M«f»:h T,~ Hrflrtstreet'ii te»
Billow will eayi Kftfiiig trade lnereaseii da.
Fell" ptIi.iisi iMi-mit.tl'.'ia in the neettfjfm nd>
jflfertt to «he AtleBhftfilfs, eflUHed by RooAp,
ttinw utOfffli, lhttrrufitert tdegraphle and tttall
faclllttcH nnd Mij!jii>"i tuilnin'iP. W^Htern and
Nf-MiiwpisteMi a'Jviees are of caurse relatively
(he brci (¦. ct-ivfii, nn'l li-r» dry ijikmIk, inllll'
ntty, clothing nrnl klndfpd linp« of spring
Hoods lire rnnsl nrtlve. At leading Eastern
ma'li'tK tfxtilcp linvo felt the quickening of
dpmand nnd firices Imvp strengthened In mnny
lints. The Mrpr.fcth of textiles generally, but
of cotton and cotton goods particularly, In In
fart second only to the strength displayed In
Iron and Kted. All available measures of
midwinter trade point to exceptional activity
despite unfavorable weather conditions. Feb
ruary clearings as a whole, notwithstanding
reductions at the metropolis due tr> dullness in
speculation, are slightly larger than a year
ago. Failures aro no more numerous, but a
few large bank suspensions, due to misman
agement or worse, have swelled liabilities a
quarter above a year ago. Prices have felt
the quickening Influences in the slight Increase
In strength of textiles, dairy products, live
stock, coal and coke and building materials.
All slffns. In fact, favor the Indication that le
gitimate trade and Industry Is, except In a
few instances, considerably more active than
a year ago at this time.
Most grades of pig iron are higher In prices
by from 25 to 50 cents per ton. Finished pro
ducts axe active.
It nan been a narrow market for cereals,
with price changes few and the Government
crop report of March 10 on supplies In farm
ers' hands still hang'ns over the market. Hob
products are slightly weaker and speculation
hut naturally been almost absent.
Wheat, Including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 4,005.004 bunhclo. against 3,234,040
last week and 4,229,B28^ bushels in this week
lo£t year.
Wheat exports, July 1, 1001, to date, thlrty
eix weeks, aggregate 184,262,327 bushels,
against 1S7.478.208 bushels last season. *^mmi
1 Business failures in the United States for
the week number 178,' azaJnst 204 last work.
2ON In this week last year, 180 In 1000, 1TT In
lfUO and 217 in 1803. , l>
fCanadlan failures' for the week number 23,
as against 2T laBt week and 33 last year. .
N13W YOltK, March T,-=A firm holding of
fcjiot tin resulted In tiia ttmMttg up of price*
about %c to'day, ad .that sjiot dosed tit
iao 'Aift'B'M if». atid itn to "8 » r J^i »t *ao .'in,
The London rnftfket closed It's higher, with
spot at JUUG and futures at £111 10b, (Jobber
wag steady, but «iulet and unchanged at New
York, Lake was quoted Rt 12"4©l2i/ a ci elec
trolvtlc at 12"&®12%o, and casting at 12©12%o
At London there was a gain of 10c, with spot
and futures closing at £61 15a. Lead was
steady, quiet and unchanged here at 4Uc.
London was unchanged at £11 lQs. Spelter
ruled dull and UVi points lower at f-i 'i'ZWD
4 27 '/j. The London market wos 2s <!d lower
at £17 10s. Iron at New York ruled quiet and
nominal. Pig Iron warrants, $11'5()@12 50-
No. 1 foundry, northern, $18 50&1I) 60; No 2
foundry, southern. , $18(310: n 0 i foundry
couthern, $17 DO®18; No, 1 foundry, southern
soft. $17 50ifU8. The English markets were
a shade lower. Glasgow closed at 53s 4d and
Mlddlesboro at 47s.
NEW YORK. March 7 — Cotton -closed
.teady, unchanged.
CHICAGO. . March 7.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2000, including 100 Texans; ' market steady.
Good to prime steers, $<l£iO©7; poor to medium,
$4^0 u0; . stockers' and . feeders', . $2 25®5,2o;
cows, (1 2.'nfj:i 30;, heifers, $2 50@5 10; can
nfers", ?1 2T»«/2 25; bulls, $2 5O©4 SB; calves
$2 BO®-« 85; Texas fed steers, *4 «O®5 05.
HGOS — Receipts: To-cay, 20,000; to-mor
row, 21,000; left over, 3600; market lOfclSc
hlcher. Mixed uriri butchers'. t!\ BSCTfl nil:
pood lo choice heavy, $0 8B@0 651 rotish heavy,
•VI Uw/'l 30; light, *0 UOftU 15j butts of Bales,
$uioonn. .
KHEEP— Receipts, 2000; steady. Good to
choice wethers, $4 00©6 20; fair to choice
mixed, $3 70iff* Hot Western sheep, $4 00@0s
native lambs, f 3 70(5/0 45; Western lambs,
SB 20(00 40. i
ST. JOBEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, March 7. — CATTLE — Itecelpts,
000. Natives, $4 75©8 85; cows and heifers,
X2@5 CS; veals, $:)@5 50; hulls and stags,
$2 7.W5 25; stockers and feeders, $2 50-95.
HOGS— Receipts, C3U0. Market 10c higher.
Light and light mixed, $3 8."ff<; 80; medium
and heavy, $0 0500 00; pigs, ?;i 50115.
SHEEP — Receipts. 500. Market Blow and
weak. . '¦ ¦-¦,;'.;•' '• ',:". '¦¦
bring about 800 sacks. Green Onions are
T/eaker under heavy receipts.
Asparngu* and Ilhuburb were In light sup
ply and sold at higher prices. Receipts were
ill boxes of Asparagus anil 25 boxes Rhubarb.
Vegetables from Los Angeles arrived In better
condition than on the previous day and better
priceB were obtained for fresh stock. Old
stock, which has been accumulating for the
past few days, was ottering below the quota
tatlons. Two sacks of Peas from Alameda.
County sold at 7c per- lb. Tomatoes were weak
and plentiful.
POTATOES— $1 10®l SO for Burbanks from
the river; Oregan Burbanks. $1 2501 60; Ore
gon Garnet Chiles. $1 35©1 50; River Reds.
$1 5O@ 1 CO: Early Rose, for seed, $1 751F+2;
small Iiurbanks, for seed, $1 35® 1 SO; Sweets,
?1 40 for Merced. ,
ONIONS— Oregon* ?1 75@2 10 first hands;
Australian, ?a>#a 2j; Green Onions, OOigOoc
per box. •
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 13<ft23c per lb
for No. 1 and . for No. 2; Rhubarb,
SffJlOc; Green Peas, from Los Angeles. O'gi'c;
String Beans, from Los Angeles, lot*. lU'jo, In
cluding Wax; Cabbage. 4Oe per ctli" Loa
Angeles Tomatoes, T.v.fSl 25 per box and $lf»
1 B0 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $W\ CO
per box for repacked; Dried Peppers, 12Hfi)l> r >o
per lb; Los Angeles do, 15ffil"Vjc; Dried Okra,
12Mt©20c per lb; Carrots, "'.Sfr'SOc per Hack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1@1 50 per dozen; Uar
lic. I%fff2'/4c; Los Angeles Green Peppers. 15
ffJSOc; Mexican do, 10® 15c: Egg Plant from
Los Angeles, 2Sc; Summer Squash from Loa
Angeles, . Jflffpl 50; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per
ton; Hubbnrd Squash, $10; Mushrooms, 40cip
U 00 per box.
Business was brisk on the morning session
cf the Bond Exchange and the list of sales was
the longest for some time. Market Street rtall
road continued to lead In point of Interest and
sold still higher at $00 25itf>:> SO. This brings
the stock practically up to par as far as turn
ins it over to the Baltimore syndicate la con
cerned, when brokerage is figured in. Spring
Valley Water continued to advance, touching
$92, and Giant Powder was also firmer at $S0.
There was more cluing In the sugar stocks at
steady prices. The oil stocks were neglected.
Business was lighter in the afternoon and
quotations showed no noteworthy change.
Kern River Oil has* levied an assessment of
30c. delinquent March 31.
The last monthly report of the Alaska Mex
ican Mining Company for February 15 ihowfl
1S.773 tons ore crushed, valued at *t3.200. an*
"tiO tons cuiphurets saved, of a value of $1 1, --
3S3. The gross receipts for the month wer#
$35,289 and the working expenses $29,379. Tha
ore averaged $1 68 per ton.
At the recent annual meeting of the PaauoauTHE SAN FRANCISCO, -GALL. SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 1902.
12
STRONG boy
the Royal.
BAN ritAN'CISCO CALL.
IliUSlNEFS OFFICE of Th« Ran Frtnclneo
C«U. ecrntr of Mnrket tn4 Third •lrf»t»; open
until 12 o'clock *very night In th» y«r.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; or>»n until 0:30 p. m.
300 llnyr t>tn»et: ffrtl until l»:30 p. m.
CM> McAllister Ktrect: open until 0:30 p. m.
8J8 Larkln street : op»>n until 8:30 p. m.
1P41 Mlwlon rtreot: open until JO p. m.
2JC1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 r. m.
1<h; Eleventh street; open until i> p. in .
10i»r. Valencia street; onen until 0 p. rn.
North-went corner Twenty-nreond and Ken-
tucky etr+flr: oprn until fl p. tn.
2?oo Filimnr* «tre«t: open until fl p. m.
MEETING ~NOTICES.
OCCXDENTALA Lodrt ' No/* 22,'v F. • & A. •
M.— THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER-
NOON at 2:S0 o'clock; also in the *K2\
evening at 7:30 o'clock. First degree. V>
By or&rr of thr> W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Pwty.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. I, I. *y /g
O. O. F. — Golden Rule an<l rtoyal I'ur- >f
pie degrees THIS (SATURDAY) S\
EVENING. F. E. IIIOGINS. <*. !'• * \
EXCELSIOR Depi-oc I>odR<» No. <gJ_{|tSi»,
2 I <"> O F. Regular nvrting
THIS 'SATURDAY) EVENING.
1 Fim dPgrC "' wm. n. curtis. n. M.
AfSOL" BEN A1?HEM Ix>djre No. ¦>
112, I. O. O. F.— Members here-
bv notified to atfnd funeral of
our late Brother, E. N. WOOD. m *V
SUNDAY. 12:30 p. m.. from lodgeroom.
. L. H. KAUFFUNG, N. G.
MEMBERS of the St. Andrew's So- v \y v,
<-i«>ty anfl fri^nrtf of th»> late 3\ uyj
ALEXANDER MaoDONALD are "tj^Xi^
requited, to attend his funeral on ~*?»
SUNDAY, 10 a. m., from the rooms of the
6ociety. 117 Larkln rt.
JAMES ROLPH JR., President.
GEO. ET. JOHN BREMNER, 6ec.
HELLO! HELLO! HELLO!
Tbe Hackmen's Union will give a — -and pa-
ra<5e en SATURDAY EVENING, March 8,
1902 preparatory to It* ball, which will take
place on SATURDAY EVENING. March 15,
1902. at Odd Fellows' Hall.
SOCIETE Francaise de Bienfalsance Mutuelle
(French Mutual Benevolent Society)— The
preliminary annual meeting will be held
SUNDAY. March 0, 15*12. at 1:30 o'clock
p. m., at Native Sons" Hall. 414 Mason st.
N. B. — Only members provided with their
book in iror-d standing will be allowed to of-
fer any proposition or take part in votes or
debate." A. GOUSTIAUX. Secretary.
KOTICE to Stockholders. Market Street Rail-
way Company— The Union Trust Company of
San Francisco is authorized to receive until
next SATURDAY. March 15th. 1P02. for de-
posit all and anr shares of the stock of the
Market Street Railway Company upon the
ian« terms and conditions on which it now
holds more than three-fourths of the capi-
tal etock of the Market Street Railway Com-
pany, under a certain agreement for the sale
of said shares.
I W. HELLMAN JR.. Cashier.
Ban Francisco. March 7th. 1902.
TO the stockholders of the Mercedes Oil and
Development Co. — Notice is hereby given that
the annual meeting: of the stockholders or
the Mercedes Oil and Development Company
will be held at the office of the company,
1015 Claus SpreckelF bldg., San Francisco.
Cal.. on the 10th of March. 1902. at 5 p. m.
By the board of directors.
* J. C. H. EDWARDS. Secretary.
ASTKOLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
It. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, joilections.
etc.; legal papen drawn; consultation free;
ho advanop charges: open eve's; call or write.
1 ADVICE free: divorces a specialty: quick: quiet;
no charpp without success; established 1<5 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. S'O Market St.. cor. Stockton.
APVICE freo: no charge unices successful. W*.
TV. DAVIDSON. 1127 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE frf»; open »>very evening; low feps; ¦
•II ca«<-». J. M. THURSTON. 819 Mat Ret St :
L. fi. CLARK. But-M Sprerkels bide. '.'27 Mar-
' krt rt.: <-nn<=ultatfnn free: no fee? in advance.
BASEMENTS TO LE1\^
A — NEAR Market Rt. ; larje roomy store: ron-
cret* basrmpnt: splendid opportunity. SPECK i
& CO.. <;«7 Market St. |
BICYCLES— For Sale or Uxchnni;e, {
ALLEN Is se'.lini; Eureka bicycles fast: sw^ll-
vrt thing DTtt: agency Columbia. Monarch, oth-
«-rs: l-gpatr'.nc. bells. purop«. :!U1 Larkln st.
•^JBinPS. POGSrETC.
WARBU2CO canaries end all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birOs: gold flth. pet etock, ;
rapes, plobes. aquariums: bird and animal
food r.f all kin<i«. 1 540 Market st..bet.Sth& Oth.
BOARDING FOR CHILDItEN.
NURSE wishes chlldcrn at lowest terms; large
sunny yard:uhone; nr.school. 1607 California.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS <-;f all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 114!) Market; tel. Howard 1946.
business chances.
. a^^S^deIljcTi^sse^T^^
stjre; established years; rent $20; stock of
fir»:t-class merchandise; will invoice $:;000:
lju^ir.cts known as a first-clnss paving propo-
sition. Call R. G. WILKE, 20»i Kearny Ft. !
A— $:;:vj; SALOON and dance hall on Kearny ]
st.; 3 living rooms and kitchen; rent $35. '
Particulars ?-t R. G. WILKE'S, 20% Kearny.
A — JS'JO: CHST located saloon en water front; '
eA".gaTit fixtures and a first-class paying buti- !
near; rent JJO; investigate and you will fiiiU J
•a -are chance. R. G. WILKE. 2C'i Keainy. •
A— $12.-.; RESTAURANT j
Good Business j
Sickness cause of a real bargain I
R. G. WILKE. 2GU Kearny Et J
t A — 6250; CIGAR stand, with laundrv offlce, on \
, Third St.; rent $17 50; daily receipts $10 :
E.id more. All particulars of R. G. WILKr. !
2C 1 -;. Kearny st. '
• — _ — j
A — $S5O; CORNER saloon with 6 rooms- rents j
?13; surrounded by planing mills, lumber
yards and railroad Ehops; clearing above $100 j
per month. Call R G. WILKE. 2O',j Kearny. j
A— fS5(i: HARDWARE and crockery etore with i
plcmUng Ehop; en Fourth st.. near Market- '
good business; rent ?20. Call R. G. WILKE* i
2t;*a Beamy st. j
A— 513CO:- CORNER saloon with rooms and
taercantilf; lunch, surrounded by brewerlej
•rd rnalt houses; rent $."7: clearing- above
(200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 2ti'4
iCearr.y Et.
A — ?125; DELICACY and dairy produce store
i-n illusion Kt. ; ."{ living rooms; rent $20- dall ••
receipts about ?23. Call R. G. WILKE 2ti'" 2 '
Ktainy tu !
NOTICE TO SELLERS— We have cash buyers j
for all kinds of business that will stand In- I
vostipation. P. S. de LUCA & CO., 318
Kearr.y rt.. room I. i
NOTICE TO BUYERS— It will pay you to call !
or^ us before buying elsewhere. V. S. de :
LUCA & CO.. 31S Kearny st., room 1.
$500— PARTNER wanted ir» carpenter shop
completely fitted up with modern machinery;
present owner is a thoroughly practical man,
both as a mechanic and contractor; desires
partner to do plain office work and collect- '
ing. Apply -P. S. DE LUCA & CO., 318
K^arny st.. room i.
$3T.O — PARTNER wanted in well-paying res-
taurant to attend cash counter and look
after help; No. 1 cliance; trial allowed par-
ties meaning business. Apply P. s DE
LUCA & CO.. SIS Kearny st.
A t££F ST SaCTiflce bU£ V cigar stand netting me
S150 every month, account ill health; been
here 12 years: Invoice slock; investigate ful-
ly: »2.j rent. See HEDGES. 4«1 Parrott bldg.'
A — 10 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $1300-
piofits $2 to $S dally; rents $0 to 5125 month'
C ? n E?IUJ?2> first-class stand at invoice!
C. L..HEDGLS, 4C1-4.U2 Parrott building.
A— MFG. business netting $15,000 annually will
be Eo.d at a ridiculously low figure; owner
compelled to move East account larger in- I
terettt. Any one wishing Al business see my
egent. C. L. HEDGES. 4G1-4G2 Parrott bldg.
"A— -SALOON on Third at', close to Market- 2
years' lease; fine fixtures: $1000 stock; eoi-d
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third «t.
A— PHOTOG RArH callery en Market -St.. flne-
iy fitted uo: doins fine business; owner has '
otner business; $1200. ROLFS CO.. 41 M. I
A — BAKERY ¦with 11 rooms attached; present
owner been there Hi years; all utensils for
_Jbaklng; S12.VJ. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A— WHOLESALE and retail liquor store on Si
St.; rtock will invoice |S00; cheapest rent on
rtreet; want jiartner. ROHLFS CO.. 41 ad.
liEALV «• CARR. rt Eddy Ft., San Francisco
rooms IS and 19; phone James 2771 We seli
«:!1 kinds of business opportunities city anil
• o-jn^ry real eptat*. Call or write for our
printed iist properties for sale and exchange.
»:jO0Q— SALOON: clears ; $300 rno7T~downtown:
owner Ii3s nth«*r business cause of Kelllnc'
HApfly KRASKY & CO.. rm. Kt. low Market.
A — PKST oan'iy s-tar-? and factory in city: n»ar
-^larf school. l<4:i Market St.. room 10.
A — T27Tr. OYSTER fcnrt chop house: Third ki -,
nepeipf S2<t<lay: snap. STRAND. 209 Kearny.
J'TiO; QORKSJt salnnn; b?s-l in city; 100 others
S1.-.0 to $3C00: STRAND. 209 Kearny et.
' ft7«0<»- WILL buy a first -clars grocery without
bar, including hors-e and wagons; established
12 years, J3ax 4400. Call office.
CMinVOYAXTjU- ConHnnotl.
MRS. BROWN, clnlrvoyant. card, reader; ladies
25c; fronts OOcs'rrau'lngA dally. 1D2 Sixth st.
CLAinvOYANT.~c«Td~rM(1e~ f"rnm Loulalnnn;
jsnJyjtOc: from 1 to S. 2C2 Mlnna_»t., nr_4th.
M Me! CATHERINE* JJ± tk AN.t ftdantiflo card
reader. '132. Sixth nt.. office 2. '
COc. $1— Prof. Wcller, clairvoyant, palmist, card
rculprimaiinrdcrsistamp for clrc. 1007VJ Mkt. j
CAHPET .HEATING AXD
WHEN yTu~hT™mT~(1lHKliRteil with poor work
xend to HPAULDINO'S l'loneer Carpet-beat-
InffWork*. 863-837 Trhama at.: tel. South 40.
AMERICAN 'CarpeT-beatlng Works — Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 11th st.: tel. Capp 2542.
ADVA NCK Carpet-cIpnni"nK"Cfr! 402 Suiter St.;
tel. Main tl'.H. OKO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH &. CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1708 Harrison nt.: tel. Mission 203.
CONKLIN'S, Superior Cprpet-cleanlng Works.
.">33 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126. '
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vailng Co.. 2-10 »th St.: tol. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Xaw'^nd Collection Agency. Oth
floor. Die. Market ft.; advice free. Tel. Bush j
I'M; nbl» body of attorneys. ¦
I 'ATTACHMENTS nnd collections. R. W. KING,
attorney. Examiner building, flth floor. *-¦ 1
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless puccefsftil. Room "10. 927 Market st.
*~~* CAPE NOME. .
FOR freight and passase to Cape Nome and ;
Yukon River points. Call or write C. F.
MOORE. 1)35 Market Kt.. room 6. !
:¦' —¦ ' -' 1
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. H1GGINS, 927 Market St., Emma t
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason- j
able prices; pure gold fillings, ?1 00; other
fillings. SI: gold and porcelain crowns, $0 :
up: plates, a full set of teeth that look nat- 1
. ural and guaranteed. $5 up. .
Painless extraction. j
I do first-class work only and guarantee It !
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges j
&nd nilincs: extractions or fillings by my |
wonderful secret, painiess method; 20 years. .
experience: no students; advice free; prices 1
oheapf-st and guaranteed; lady attendants, j
13R. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrellst. \
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SOD Market, cor. ]
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain- j
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gold j
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free,' $4 50 ;
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays,
» to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors: skilled operators:
gas given;' lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S.. proprietor and manager. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillini;s,50e:
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns. $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown, 04 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— •
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $:>; fillings, 50c.
MEYER, 46 .O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk St.;
crown and bridge wcrk; gas specialist.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G;
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkln— Pain-
less ext.. 00c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
A WEEK'S news for .1 cents — The Weekly Call,
IB pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
D RI3S S .MA K K ItS;AK D~S IE AM STRESS ES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; fits guaranteed;
gS up. 7C0 McAllister St.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave. |
EDUCATIONAL.
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— ?s per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.— Big
school becauFe it's best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OE MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses: complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and.night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
. school for the university, law and medical
' ! colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters 'of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. -Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. .City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Mott thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 00-page catalogue free. . 305 Larkin tt.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of Languages.320 Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar,, mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar ¦
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. • grammar, writing,
I etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. lith.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.lQth;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 42i Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College, 2,4 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning,' cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinosliita, 12L'.l Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st ; tel. East 420.
CHINF.SE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeais.
Tel. Main 1997. • BRADLEY & CO., 040 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant ltiS; expert, reliable help. '
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post, GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RE1LIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish most
reliable. help. 524 Bush st.; tel. 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER, from East, 15 'years' experi-
ence, cuts by French tailor square, desires
position as cutter in establishment, city or
country, or engagements by, day in city.
Box 4112, Call. '
YOUNG lady, bereft of mother, will exchange
set vices' morning and evening in quiet fam-
ily for board and room (unfurnished) ;. ref er»
ences; elderly couple preferred. Box 4408,
Call offlpe. ; i
A YOUNG girl wishes work at general house-
work and assist with cooking for $17 to $20
per month. Please call at 321 Minna St.,
from 1 to 3. ';
WANTED— By a respectable woman,' work as
general servant; competent.- Call or address
857 Howard St. . - ¦
GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
housework and cooking. 2501^ Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes to act' as companion to
lady; ref. exchanged. 1610 Larkln. st.
A RESPECTABLE woman as nurse, by. the
week or month; would care for. invalid: good
reference. Call before 8 p. m., 802, Geary st.
A RELIABLE lady would like position as
housekeeper for widower's family; no small
children; no triOers. Box 4411, Call.
RELIABLE American woman wants position
as housekeeper or infant's nurse; reference.
Box 4412. Call.
A GERMAN woman wishes situation to do
gentile work or keep house; a good plain
_^gok; city or country; <iriino. Box 370S. Call.
JAPANESE girl wants to do general house-
work; la a good cook. 22. St. Marie st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et.. near MnK
MONEY TO TLOAX-— -Coottnoeil.
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT.
First. s*cond and third mort«a«*»
Undivided Interest In real estate In prnbite..
Mortgages and legacl»H bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing biifitnena elsewhcr*
R. McCO-fi AN.
24 Montgomery »t.. room .1
HIGHLY rcsp*ctao!e prlvnto place to oht;ilr»
liberal advances on diamonds. |.-*.-iry. ,i>
IowmJ rateo, DnHwtn Jewelry Store. HVi
Market *t.; tel. Main Ifiil. Branch 1i> ThIM.
S. F. DISCOUNT AOKNCY— Loana tu salaried
proplfl on tholr note,
THE TOUPLEY CO V..143 Ph.-lan b'd^-.
ON real estate. 1st cr 2nd mortgage* & on fur-
niture j<r plannu; no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 3t» Geary St.. room .'A.
A PRIVATK pnrty loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates: ennfli|*n-
_Jlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick: lowest lnter<*st: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable pnrty. lliHl Market St.. room rs.
LOWEST rates on furnlttir-. etc.. by prtv.it*
party no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room ;t, Conservatory bldg.: .101 .rones.
$5 50 PER month repays $1000 loan: stop pay-
Ing rent. Ml'UDOCK. 514 Pine st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on e^..h
$1000; any security. 30:1 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.; prlvqr*
party. St. Ann's bldg.. B Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
Money loaned salaried people without security
HILL, r. 11. Merchants' Esc.. -1 !1 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bids.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up: no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 8t, e E<l.ly.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal-
strictly private. LICK, 11Q McAllister at. '
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co..- ."Ofl Ph»lan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE are offering the best Inducements imagOU
able on new pianos; having made a change
In some of our agencies the stock on hand o;
the old lines will be marked right down tr>
bedrock,' so as to close them out quickly-
there are only a few — about a dozen — so the'9
must be no delay If you are to have one of
them; we are agents for Decker, Wtssner
Baumeister and Stoddard; all of them the
very best for the price. THE ZENO M\i;.
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mrrnl
that we can not only duplicate them, but
can offer exceptionally fine pianos and larg-
est assortment of best makes to choose from
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers'
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.; Broad'
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ALL bargains on account of removal. All
pianos must be stored, rented or sold on ac-
count of damp walls. New pianos, $03 up:
second-hand. $23 up; standard makes $lf.5
up. Bo sure and Investigate this great sals
before purchasing. HEINE PIANO CO..
Geary at., opp. Union Square.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng. Mason
& Hamltn. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tima
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO
O'Farrell st. ; established 1S50.
SOHMER *i CO. planes; Byron Mauzy pianos;
Lester pianos; Splolmann pianos; Cecillan
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 308, 310,
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand op-
rlght. $150; square pianos. $. - i3 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $273.
Bowers «c Son. 23 Sth St.. Ivera & Pond ajts.
"WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
barcaln prices from $S5 up. F. W. SPEX-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Fowcll «ts.
OUR pianos, the leading makers: prlc« $100 up"
ward; valurs best in the city. PIERCED
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 11th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic piano* now on dlsrlav
at th« new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co., 0.11 Market st. .
AT auction prices. 37 planon this week ritrt
cheap; new and second-hand for stora?* ntni
advances. "WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market.
FINE upright piano. $175; good order; very
cheap: no agents. 1616 Larkln st.
PARTY sacrifices account death In family,
large new 3-pedal upright piano. S22 Eddy.
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacriflce. HAMILTON. 8 Flood big;
BARGAIN, rreat sacrifice; 2 up ights. nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shonlnger, Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 060 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, rithers, old and natr . h!
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call,
10 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AJTD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS bldg.. 927 Market St.; of-
fices with light, heat and janitor, $15 to 920.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
HALF store to let; suitable for any business.
1063 Mission St., opp. new Postofflce.
PACIFIC, 32S, near Sanaome — Handsome large
store; cheap.
SUNNT offices Just below Kearny st, $10;
also large store.' Keya 636 Clay St.. room 1.
_ ¦ OII_
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand, In good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. 640 Q. Q. ave.; tel. Polk 1423.
PAPERING room, -walls. $1 50: painting, $1;
whitening. 75c. Painter. 815 Golden Gate av.
J PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and. 13. The Vendome, 1104 Market
St.; hours from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. NEERGAAKD reads 1 to 4. TOO
Po3t st.. corner of Jones; phone PoUc 83T.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black B61.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
J. E. BATTEY, magnetic healer. Is now pre-
pred to treat parties at their home; rheuma-
tism a specialty; satisfaction guaranteed.
Call or address 30 Ellis st.; phone Clay 2U.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 7C0 room*;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from, the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic offlce. 1021 Market, nr.6th.
A— WHAT do you think? O.- BERMAN. li
Ellis, make* colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same aa white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 131C-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
ALL my customers recommend their friends tol
me; halrdressing. any style, 25c; switches,
wigs. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st. , ¦
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 MI<t.
A-school to learn hairdresslntr. hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Marliot.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLU.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.3S20'Farrell; send for circular.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 20 O'Farr ell: country order?.
Electric & electrlc-llght baths, massage, hot a!r
treatment for rheumatism. etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
PRIVATE detective wcrk: reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
ELECTP.IC needle specialists: superfluous h^ir
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed fry
electric needle. MRS. M. HARRIS. 42rtSr.tttr.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mr3.Tra verse. 11711 Market.
ALFRKDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; 51; at all druggist*.
ONE MIX1TTF. TOOTH ACHfTdROFS CUUK
instar-tly; 10c J»idJ25c. T All drugslata.
Mrs. Briefs— Superfluous hair, moles df-stroy^d
by electric needle. 9ti8 Sutter: tet.t.r.rkln31Tl.
MASQUERADE costume? play bnoka). «!¦;»;
country orders. GOL.DSTEIN £ CO.. «">S Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 00; dress parts. $.2 30. )
Ml3fU Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pupo;it.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, t_9
best corn cure, 23c; all dru__ist#.
nCSIXESS C1IAXCH9— -Continued^
j^^pTTiTnAulBr"
650 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 17T.
Jleal Estate Agont.
Property nought end Sold.
Rents Collects!.
(\i ¦: Loan* N*Kot!at*;il.
Legitimate Buslncr* .
A—DrllcatMsen ftor* and lunchroom; a very
(rood stand on onr> of our principal buslnwH
streets; 3 living room*; rent $14; price $«0o.
A — Grocery, bur and cigar stand; good corner
on Geary «.. near Ktiirny; long lease; rent
$40; price $2500.
A — Bar and grillroom: near Market «t. ; average
receipts $.'>0; lars<> baFement suitable lor
bowling alley*; rent 585.
A — Half Interest In a good paying grocery and
bar; roll nnd Investigate.
LOOK out. la'undrymen! Steam laundry; part
for «al*>; good chance. McBRIDE &. CO.,
7«15 Market tt. ; phone Red 343:1.
H7.V-- CIGAR Ftore, in uood condition. Mc-
PR1DE & CO.. "65 Market si.
A— $300; PARTNKR wanted: suited to steady
young man fattened with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required; trial given before
buying. _." Geary St.. room 4. ,
KOR sale — Retail hay. grain, coal bUBlness: es-
tablished on main thoroughfare for 15 years;
line location; cheap rent on lease; capital re-
quired about $1000; principals only. Address
box 1122, Call offlce.
ONE of the best' paying phonograph and pic-
ture machine parlors In the city at a sacri-
fice: owner leaving city; reasonable terms.
E. STERN, 409 Kearny st.
$300; corner grocery and bar; full value: living
rooms; rer.t ?23; other business. Call offlce.
|250— RESTAURANT and 0}-ster house; good
paying business; account sickness. 411 4th.
GOOD opportunity for man with $600 to Invest
In first-class saloon. Box 4111. Call offtce.
GOOD INVESTMENT!
A manufacturing company which owns the
most valuable invention ever patented, con-
sisting of a heating apparatus whereby gas is
pecerated for fuel of 8.1 per cent of compressed
air and with 15 per cent of crude oil, whic^i
mnkes fuel 50 per cent cheaper than any oth<-r
beat known for boilers. Ftovep, ranges, smelt-
ing furnaces and thawing machines for Alaska.
We offer 15.000 shares, $10 par value, fully
paid up. non-assessable, for $2 50 per share for
pale. We have a large factory In Hoboken, N.
J., in operation and will also have one factory
soon in San Francisco for the Pacific Coast.
Please address for information or 6hares in lots
cf 10 THE ARCTIC RAPID HEATING AND
THAWING COMPANY. ROOMS 4r.0-i51 I'AK.
ROTT BUILDING. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IF you are seeking rate and profitable Invest-
ment, write for prospectus of the. Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' i(Co-operative) Association
(incorporated under New York State laws);
a limited number of share at $100 each. N.
S. HAND. Secretary. 113 Stockton St.
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over SO per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO..
Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton st.
FOR SALE— A very profitable saloon In the
lively mining camp of Keswick; price $2500;
part cash, part time: must be sold on account
of ill-health; no agents; owner is in town.
For particulars address box 3710, Call offlce.
WANTED — Intelligent, refined woman over 25,
resident of Alameda County, who can give 6
hours a day to business; references. Box
3057, Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale — An old established fine paying gro-
cery. Oakland. Cal.. on account of departure.
AdCrefs box 3650, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — 6 men with $25 cash: $400 per cent
profit; 1 man made $140 last week. Call at
3 p. m. at 2T.7 Natoma st., upstairs.
$250— STEADY man as a partner In an old
reliable roail house: worth double the amount
to-day. Business Hoard Trade. 326 Pine st.
PRINTING outfit for sale or rent: good chance;
terms reasonable. Box 441(1, Call office.
CANDY, cigar and tobacco store for sale; good
business; bargain ;. other burlnes.". 510 4th.
CIGAR stand, water front; sacrifice; depart-
nre Alnska:come make offer. 2i>4 East Pt.
LODGING-HOUSES KOIt SALE.
A— SPECIAL; 20 rms.; cor.; clears $1(J5; $5rx)
cash,, bal. easy terms; price $1000. Retsloff.
A — WE offer any of following on easy terms:
70 rms.; elegant: long lraee; cleats $400.$(*>.SOO
10 rooms; belling on account of death.. 400
20 rooms; clears $125; payments 1000
10 rooms; Eddy st. : reduced to l>00
5 rooms; nat; barcaln 200
22 rooms; 3d st. : clears $100; payments. 700
10 rooms; Jones-st. corner; only .. ... 275
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms .'iO 1 )
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250
19 rooms; rent' $40; clears $00 450 ;
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.: i>hone John 531.
000 Market st.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A — Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 71'J Market St., rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my offlce.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
• C rooms; cor.; rent $2."!; good furniture. $350
10 rooms; cost $1200; cherry and mahog. 650
14 rooms; clean; full of men: clears *45. 700
21 rooms; expenses $102; income ?225;
perm, roomers; all new; mod. lmprov.
30 rooms: cor.; cleared ¥000 in 0 mo.. 1500
50 rooms; cor.; n. Market; clears $150.. 2800
KRASKY & CO.. 10WA Market st. "
A— 20 rooms: gunny side of Ellis St.; $750
rash. bal. easy payments; snap.
25 rooms ; Market st. : new $1600
20 rccms; near City Hall: rent $50 $1400
8 rooms; Ellis st.: new flat $650
22 rooms: on one floor; new carpets; owner
leaving city; great bargain.
JS50 — '.'1 ROOMS: sunny corner: rent $45.
KRASKY & CO.. 1043 Market St., room 16.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY!
850 Market st. (Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels.
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell. list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you: have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats; all sizes and "prices; In all parts of city.
A — NOTICE — We have roominc-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.; 1206 Markt.
SNAP— Flat of 6 rms; suit, for bus.; only ?275.
Part each; furniture wosth $500
McBRIDE & CO.. 705 Market st
MCALLISTER. 7<J9— 10 rooms, all full, newly
furnished; clears $40; price $750. .
SPIRITUALIS31.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak fece to face: seance
Tues., Fri.. Sun.. S p. in.; 50c. 1OS4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant : sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
EDWARD EARLE, S2S Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1G01;' eeance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mme. H. Bernard! "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
iescrlption of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in "trouble, discontented un-
sappy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great' me-
iium and you will be told how lo overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4503.
TIME EXTENDED. '¦ " ~
2J>c — 25c.
PROF. BROCKWAY. PROF. BROCKWAY
Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth
Interest manifested In each individual case!
sound advice and counsel are not equaled in this
city at any figure. 1C52 Ellis st., bet. Frank-
lin and Gouch.
A— 5Cc and ?1. PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry, how to win man
or woman you love; mall $1; send date birth
' lock hair. 0 questions. 1007y* Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 120(5 Mar-
ket rt.. cor. Golden Oate ave.. rooms 25 &-£
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp for pamphlet
with rpecial term*. Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR, the "Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
rosite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a.m.
to f> p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS II. w"iLLE.~32«"a~E1iTs ; clairvoyant,
crystal *eer; reads jour life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l : 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME RAVENNA read? life fluently; business
advice; names giVen;2.'c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reader: past
present, future; L. 25c. G. TtOc. 521 % Eddy.
MRS JAOQUE. trance, sittings: palmistry &
card reading: 25c & 50c. SOU f.th st., r. 12.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL, Egyptian clairvoyant;'
_accepts_cngage. priv. parties. lOOS'i Market.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 OFarrell!
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
SAN FR ANCISCoTcii.7 MarclTf "ioO2.— There
will be sold at public auction at Presidio of
San Francisco, California, commencing
Thurtday. March 13, 1002. and continuing
from day to day, 223 horses. These horse*
are acclimated and in good condition, but
are" no longer needed for the public eervlco.
Terms — Cash. For further Information ap-
ply to the quartermaster at Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. D. D. WHEELER. Deputy
Quartermaster General. U. S. Army. Chief
Quartermaster. •______ 1 - ''¦>' "
A LOT " of~horsea for sala at Arcade Horn »
Market. 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction salon every Wednesday
at t ll a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College will bf-
gln its fourth session June !>. Catalogue ny
applying to M. L. PANCOAST, secretary,
510 Golden Gnte nve.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carrlagi-. wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all erades. ;»lzes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-72:; Howard st.
FOR eate — $175; match team of chestnut sor-
rels, new harness and second-hand top buggy.
Box 4500. Call offlce. ¦,
SAN ROSA faleyard— Horsp", harness and bug-
gies bought and sold; new stock always on
hand. 1 100 Market St.. corner Eleventh.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, .hiirkboard. sur-
rey, ha mess, work.d riving horses. ljth& Valencia.
ALL kinds of wngons, buggies, carts, harness,
Htc. chenp. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HYGIENlcf HAIR TREAT-UKXT.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff: has treated
baldness with great success; free consulta-
tlon. Room ¦'«). Llebc3 building. 130" Post.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — A gold Grand Army badge: Inscription
on reverse side, with name of owner. De-
Ilver 607 Parrott building; reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
/ nnd Loan Society of San Francisco in the
names of FRANCO1SE BOURQUIN or
EMILE LUCIEN BOURQUIN. No. 186-650.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A Dassbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ELLEN HUME. No. 2.T5-1572. . The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia'Savings
and Loan Society of Sin Francisco In the
name of MRS. BERTHA DALE. No 02-361.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ANNIE E. MIDGLEY, No 199-140
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Scotch collie dog, 6 months old; tan,
with white markings; reward. 2840 Jack-
son St.
LOST— February 21. pug dog, San Francisco
license. Return to 1299 Van Ness ave. and
receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th<» Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRI3IOXIAL. ~~~~
MARRIAGE bureau: • est. 18S7; reliable and
confidential ; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES A"XP PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron, beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission ;.teI.Maln 730.
MEDICAL. "
A — DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
¦ menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
. cates taken: the most difficult casca treated;
have relieved thousands of moat obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; by consulting him save
time and money. DR. O. W. O'DONNELL,
offlce and residence 1018 Market, opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' spedallstT
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 o'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIE3
at the old offlce, 122S Market St.; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 23
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home, 006 Market st., op 4th; fee low.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F. .. .
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD MIXING.
THE grandest chance ever offered la now open
for a good party to act as director In open-
Ing the "Wabash Mine." near Amador. on
mother lode, near Keystone mine. Room 406.
annex to CaU. S. F.
MONTEZUMA stock — Have 1000 shares for
sale. Box 410S. Call office.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, Examiner blg..S.
F^; branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1002.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE. ,
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, dynamos, motors, gasoline engines,
water pipe, etc., bought, sold, rented and ex-
changed. H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures: big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
FOR sale — First prize Gordon setter, used to
gun, $15; Gordon pup, $10; spaniel used to
gun. $10; 4 spaniel pups, $7 each. 508 Post.
A — ?3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
INCUBATORS: 3 Petalumas; cheap. Inquire
C. M. BLACK, 31SD Mission st.
QUANTITY of high grade tailors' cloth piece
gcods. 1065 Mission st., opp. new Postofflce.
NO. 1 cabinetmaker's bench for sale. Box
3705, Call.
13x19 Gordon, $125; we buy. sell or trade in
printing materials. HOAG. 151 Second st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Mont'gy.
$5 — SINGER sewing machine in good order.
1571 Market St., near Twelfth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post St.
•Walt paper 3c r worth 10c: paperhanging. paint-
, Ing. Merlgan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 306 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 13» Beale st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, j
BIG price: paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
' full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Offlce, 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S4.
10 ENAMELED baths. 10 sinks. 10 boilers \Q
tank closets; new or 2d-hand. Box 4401. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Pth st.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
MOXEY T<J 1>OAN — -
A^^R^I^N~M^RplSYT^l^O02^xarah3eTMg
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates .
On First and Second Mortgages..!".
On-Life Interests in Estates......
Property Being Held in Trust
Undivided Interests In Real Estate...!.
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate -
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc5
$300,000 at 5Va and 6 per cent In sums to sulf
City. Oakland, Town and Country property;
. second- mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
. ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 6024. M \v.
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 percent; first
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce, 103 Grant ave near
Geary st. ;, phone Red 1603.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal-
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY*
20 Montgomery st., room 7, opp. Licit House
jBMi'LOYMKlVT' WAKTEPr-MAr.^
WANTED— Position by lumberman; had expe-
i iIpiico in nil branchen of the business; In nlso
good accountant: had experience as manager
*lx years: competent to take charge of nusl-
ncss; city or country. Address box 4120, Call.
MAN. "stead y.~ experienced (.14) , handy with
horsee, carpenter's, painter's, and .masons
tools, wants work anywhere. Address box
. 41 16. Call office. ¦
COOK— KreiT'of chaw; In order to get more
experience In pastry cooking I will work for
J nionth free of charge in boarding-house. S.
P.. 541) Howard st. ,
POSITION wanted— Young man wants position
R9 porter in wholesale house: city references
a» to character. Cox 412J. Call office.
CARPENTER (34), good all-around steady
man, wants work day or Job, anywhere,
Address box 4116. Call office.
GARDENER, ; English; practical; references.
Box 4114. Coll offlce.
I COACHMAN and gardener, English; refer-
enceg. . Box 4113, Call offlce. ' ' ¦
OFFICE position wanted by young man (IS),
chance to work up. Kox 1407. Call.
FJRST-CLARS coachman; handy man about
\_jilace. ' Box 3058, Call, Oakland. ¦
| YOUNG Danish man and -wife without chll-
i <lrsn want situations"; man has good refer-
¦r'noes for taking care of horses and for gar-
! <len work, and', wife, as chambermaid. I3ox
| 42,, Call qfflce, ¦
' INTELLIGENT man 34 wants position as va-
let, attendant to sick* gentleman or house
steward en large place; exceptional refer-
f-nces., Address Position, 26 Scvonth St., S. F.
i SOBER Swedish man IT 2S wants work about
. place: care of horses, cows and raise poultry.
Box 4110. Call offlce.
i GARDENER, first-class, wants position;- ref-
erences. Box 4106. Call offlce. ¦
. EXPERIENCED German gardener wishes pcr-
! manent situation. Address 1329 Jessie st.
FIRST-CLASS \ machinist and" erecting en-
glnccr wants position. Box 3734, Call office.
BY good, steady boy, aged 15. living with
parents, a position in wholesale house where
there is chance for advancement.. Address
box 3712. Call office. ' - ¦
1 A FIRST-CLASS tool dresser wants a Job.
Add rets M. S.. 634 Commercial St.
! JAPANESE bright schoolboy wants situation
] in Kood private family; speaks fine English.
22 St: Mary Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109U
" Valencia st. ¦ '
" FINANCIAL.
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
!'{ placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.,326Post.
"" _FI_VTS ¦VTOjJLBT^y
HANDSOMELY^fuVnlshed modern five-room
flat for sale cheap. 647 Ellis st.
JONES. 1111, nr.- California— Sunny lower flat
of 4 large rooms, bath, nice yard; adults; $-0.
A MODERN flat. S large sunny rooms and at-
tic; rent $42 50. 1002 Page st. _!
FLAT, 5 rooms, $11; cottage, 4 rooms, $10.
Key 023 Second st. ' '¦
TO let— 6-room modern flat; large stable; $20.
PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall square.
TO LET — Rear flat, 4 rooms. Inquire 418
Hyde st. ; . .. ;.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at , 1090
Valencia Bt. • ¦ ¦ ¦
FLATS WANTED.
FURNISHED flat, 4 to C rooms, abourthe 15th"
by gentleman and daughter, a youns lady;
rent must be moderate; good neighborhood.
MAJOR CLARK. 420 California st.
FLATS FOIt SALE.
3 FLATS for sale; 0 and 7 rooms; also cottage
of 6 rooms. Inquire 232 Pierce st. ; no agents.
FURNITUHE FOR SALE.
furnished in^ oak, $48 50. wUiTnoT^T
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 3-»-oom flat ror sale; almost
new; rent $12. ."522 A Natoma st.
6 ROOMS, furnished, corner, all rented; also 2
good bicycles, a bargain. 874 Howard st.
;..' ¦' FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354,
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the world;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A — 3 MORE extra waitresses, free fare
$1 50 day
Waitress, mining town $20
Waitress, short distance, fare paid. ...$22 50
Waitress, across, the bay $20
3 waitresses, hotels, city $27 50-$30
30 other places for waitresses, city and
country ?20-$30
Chambermaids, to wait on ' dinner £20
Cook, small restaurant S30
.'. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
5 choice places for housegirls, Oakland, • $20,
fares paid to 'go and sec places, and many
other nicef- places in this department; call
. and investigate
C. R. HANSEN & CO .....104 Geary st.
A — GERMAN girl to tend store in a bakery;
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— 3. CHAMBERMAIDS for straight chamber
. work, first-class country hotel, $20, fare paid.
• C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 cooks. $30, $35; 2 dining-room
girls for institution, *20; 4 second girls, $20.
$25; 6 restaurant waitresses, $7, $8; head-
waitress, nice family hotel, ?25; 6 chamber-
maids, wait one meal, ?20, $25; 4 waitresses
for country, ?20; and a large number of girls
for general housework at $20, $25, $30. city
and country. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter st. • "
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will Instruct Inexperienced hands the trade
of making overalls free of charge; will be
paid while learning. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32'/ 2 Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
GIRL to do general housework; 2 adults; large
wash given out. Call between 1 and 4, 11S2
. Shotwell . Bt., bet. Twenty-fifth and Twentj-
slxth. ' . .... •- ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ' ¦
WANTED — Girl' to ' take 'care of baby; wages
$10. Apply 2512 Folsom st.
WANTED— Girl to help in housekeeping. Ap-
ply 50 Fair Oaks st.
A GOOD waitress wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED — Good waitress; small restaurant.
52 Eighth st. ¦ ' ¦ " ¦ ¦ ¦'
WANTED— Immediately, 3 ambitious girls to
learn halrdressing from A to Z in 2 weeks
: and take charge of private customers where
yOu can earn $50 per month; course $5. Col-
lege, 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15.'
WANTED — A girl for ' cooking and general
housework in a small family; must be first-
class and able, to furnish local references; no
others need apply. Room 313, Call bldg.
BUTTON-HOLE, maker: steady work at best
wages; must be first class. BELASCO &
¦ HARRIS CO., 541 Market St.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
' Market st.
WANTED — Girl' for general housework; small
' family; wages $20. Call at 2515 Broadway,
near Scott, after 10 a. m.
GOOD-PAYING proposition for right woman
, who can sell . goods to go to Arkansas; some
money required. | Box 4105, ¦ Call offlce.
WANTED — Good button-hole finisher on cus-
: torn coats; also apprentice. 027 Market. St.,
room 623. ¦ . '
YOUNG girl for waiting and chamber work.
C62: Fulton Et. . '¦',¦¦¦-. ¦ '
CHAMBERMAID at the Manhattan House,
. 825 Battery st. .. ' ' ¦¦' ¦ . '"¦¦'.- '-
WANTED — Experienced nillllnery saleslady.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a.' m. at HALE , BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. 'Apply be-
tweeri 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.'
GERMAN woman as governess: state religion:
salary $30. ¦ Box 2034. Call offlce. . ,¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
. Valencia- st. ¦ ' . ' ¦'
. • HELP. WANTED— MAtE.' '
WANTKD — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
]S; navy; able-bodied, unmarrled'men of good
character,. between the'ages of 21 and '.°>5; not
Ies3 than 5, feet 4 inches and not over 0 leet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English.: For
further information apply at the Recruiting
:o Offlce, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. .
¦HELP WAKTEP--MALE--Con.
AT criTHANSEN & CO.'S 104 Oeary Bt.
New Railroad Work....! ...Free Fare
For Nevada '.
20 «tone rnaions 9i a day
Gang of teamsters and laborer* $2 a day.
.t.. y ..... For Chatsworth Park-
H)0 'tunnclnu n, headers, drlllcro and muck-
ers $- to $3 a day
Ship Dally
Free Fare Free Fora
"Gardener and man about place, private placo,
. country. $.'J0; liostler. private stable. $,J3;
gardener, for institution, country, $25
Foreman for a stable $75
Hotel Department
Second coolt, country hotel. 515: barkeeper,
?00 and found; second cook, country restau-
rant, ?n5; lunchman for a naioon, $40; shirt
finisher, country laundry, $15 a week
C. R. HANSEN. & CO 104 Geary Bt.
MAN for little bookkeeping and general useful.
. ness about office In private Institution; short
' distance from city; small wages and good
home. Box 4123. Call ofrtce. y
ASSISTANT butcher, country hotel, $60 and
found, fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
lot Ucary. Bt. . ¦
AT \t. D. EWER & CO.'S, filO Clay st.
To Go To-day for the Redwoods
I ¦ ' C choppers '. $10 to $-15 and board
. 4 barkern. . °. ?:«> and board
r> railroad laborers $20 and board
Foreman for railroad gang.... $75 and board
. .....All above for large sawmill company....
Swiss milker, near city $35
Milker for south. $::o
Stableman, private place, country $25
Farmer and chorea for orchard iJ2G
Middle-aged man to do chores, country
$15 and increase
2 woodchoppers. near city $1 50 a cord
Hostler, stage company, 4 horses. . . .$l. r > & fd
Landscape gardener, near city. $40 and found
Buttermaker, small string $:io
Choreman or boy for ranch J. $15
2 coal mlnere, fare advanced* $2 75 a day
Carpenter, 1 month's job..... $2 a day
Hoy for butcher shop • . .$7 a week
AN experienced young man to take care of dogs
for country club; references required; $30
and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. H1O Clay st.
a TJ?H? RA - Y & READT.:...Phon« Main B848
LEADING EMPLOYMENT & LABOR AGTS
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
Horseshoer camp near ftlty, $52; rough car-
penter, $2 day; gardener, residence on ranch
$¦"{« and found, see boss here; milker and
learn to make butter, $30 and found; dairy-
man for Oregon; 3 choremen, $20 and ?25:
choreboys, $12 and $15; farmer and wife. $40
and found, see boss here; milk wagon driver
?50 and room; boltmaker, $3 50 day; steno-
grapher and typewriter
. .WOODCHOPPERS. .REDUCED FAKES. .
• I 50 more woodchoppers, good camp, i virgin
timber, level ground, big wages, redwood.
80c cord; hardwood, $1 50 cord; pine, $1 25
cord; ties, 10c each.
0 cooks, different places, plain and nrst-class
country hotels, $40 to $75 and found; bar-
tender. . saloon, city, $50; butcher and drive
wagon near city; 6 waiters, hotels and res-
taurants. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
HOTEL cook, country, $50 and found; cook and
wife, $55; porter and pantryman, $30 and
found: waiter, $30; dishwasher, for Institu-
tion. $25 and found; and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO...C28 Sacramento st. ' |
QUARTZ mill man, $3 a day; man about
place, $30 and found; coachman, $30 and
found; carriage wood worker, $3 to $3 50
day; Jobbing blacksmith and shoer, $50 and
found; trimmer for mill, $60; lumber sorte'r,
$60; woodchoppers; choreman for resort. $20
and found: 2 vineyard men: milker, $30 and
found.; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
62* Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S offlce, 316 Stockton Bt. — Japanese
butler, $35; second cook, $60; broiler, $70:
cook, country. $50; waiter for hotel, $30;
dishwasher, $25; and others.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men and laborers wanted for railroad con-
• tract, Wadsworth, New; wages, $2 per day;
' board $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 2« days. E.
n. & A. L. STONE CO.. 1)00 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
TRUSTWORTHY person each county to man-
age business ¦ old-established house; bona-flds
weekly cash salary $18 paid each Wednesday
¦with all expenses frcm headquarters; money
advanced for expenses. Manager. 339 Caxton
building, Chicago.
"WANTED — In large shipping office, young
.man; must be experienced and efficient ste-
nographer and have general knowledge of
office work. Reply box 4110, Call office; state
experience and salary expected.
A — ?200; PARTNER wanted; light indoor busi-
ness,- multed to plain, steady man, satisfied
with $75 to $100 month. For particulars see
STRAND & CO., 200 Kcarny «t.
A YOUNG man, quick at figures, bookkeeping
and typewriting; one with restaurant ex-
perience preferred. Box 4117, Call.
"WANTED — First-class ladies' tailor; steady
work; $25 a week. P. VERDIER, 084 Geary.
BARBER; Saturday and Sunday; steady Job
next week. ' 503 Washington st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
017 Montgomery st.
BARBER wanted, Saturday only. 1006 Mis-
sion St.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday and Sun-
day; none other. 1000 Valencia st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 8 Hayes st.
A GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st. ' v
STEADY man. with $150 cash; no experience
required; $15 week. 935 Market St., room 12.
WANTED— Young man' who has had experi-
ence at offlce work: must be good at figures;
first-class local references required. Apply
at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply, between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALL!
BROS.'
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In demand;
only requires 8 weeks; tools donated; cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE,
635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's. Barber College, Los Angeles. Cal.
"WANTED— Strong! active, intelligent boy.
about 17 years of age. for work in wholesale
house. Address box 4104, Call offlce.
WANTED— Steady man with $125 cash; no ex-
perience required: permanent place; will pay
$05 per month. Apply 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED— Sober, reliable younc man with
some cash: no experience necessary; $13 to
' $15 week: steady place. Brown, 1221 Market.
WANTED — First-class dress goods salesman
and silk salesman; state age, experience and
salary expected. Apply box 3704.
GOOD carriage body maker; also good black-
smlth'a finisher. S28 Harrison st.
WANTED — Man with $150 and his services In
offlce; steady position. Box 3341, Call offlce.
APPRENTICE boy about 15 years of age to
learn blacksmith trade. Box 3716. Call.
"WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply box 3703. Call -offlce.
WANTED — 50 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House, 543 Howard; changed hands.
GOOD all around shoemaker; bring bench tools.
1320 Park St.. Alameda.
STRONG boy; aged about 15 years. Apply at
the Royal. 50 Third st.
COATMAKER . for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
BLACKSMITHS. . carpenters, green hands and
seamen for shlpa at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
EXTRA pay Jhow due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. ¦ F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
SAILORS, ordinary., for ships for all parts of
. the world. HERMAN'S. 20«Steuart st.
ALL sizps men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your ' shoes half-soled whjlle waiting; 25o
to 50c. .; 5G3 Mission st. bet., 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c. night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • . •
¦ "¦j-^£^SI2S JO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN.& CO., 14 Montgomery.
WOULD like to 'exchange a finely furnished
flat of 8 rooms and bath In San Francisco
for furnished house In San Mateo. Address
.. ' M.. 207 Sansome 'st., city^ l : ' . , /
- 11 * 1 - 1 ?? ff* T5LJ^SrrSJ2i rxTR Y -
WELLESLEY Park. San Mateo Co.— Fine R-
room modern residence; barn, fruit flowers-
furnished, or unfurnished. J. MEEK 009
Mission st.' , ,
. HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW sunny house. 7 rooms; large basement;
.yard;. fine location; Portola, off Waller,' bet
j Pierce and Stelner. Geo. Moore, 63 Portola.MINING STOCK3.
The following were the sales yesterday la.
the Pacific Stock Exchange:
Morning Session.
4C0Best&B... 24 700 Sierra- Nev. 14
300 Best & B. . . 23 400 Silver Hill. . 5:5
800 Caledonia .. 27 400 Silver Hill.. 54
40<> C C & Va..l SO SCO Silver Hill.. 35
200 C C & Va..l 27& SCO Silver Hill.. SO
100O Cn Imperial 01 1 700 Union Con. 26
10OO Gould & C. 11 400 Union Con. 25 '
1100 Mexican ... 23 500 Tel Jacket. IT
700 Occidental . 08 |
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & B... 22 500 Overman .. 05
200 Cnollar 08 4OO Poto*l i»>
SCO C C & Va..l 32% 400 Potosl n
500 Cn Imperial 01 300 Sierra Nev. 14
500 Hale & Nor ::0 700 Union Con.. 25
5OO Mexican ... 30 900 Union Con. . 27
20O Ophir .. 1 02 ',£ 500 Utah 07
500 Overman .. 06
The following were the sales yesterday In
the San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board:
Morning Sess
CLOSING QUOTATION'S
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninr- Session.
Board — '¦;*_-;. -"
5OO Home 3 85
20O Occidental of W Va ift
10 Peerless, 3 3 q 23
2000 Reed Crude S5
25 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 0 Co
1C0O Sterling, b 00 1 171^
Afternoon, Session.
Board —
10ft Aztec loo
200 Home 3 S3
150 Occidental of W Va ij»
150 Occidental of W Va 20
IO Peerless ,.... 625
500 Sacramento S5
100 Sovereign \$
SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAT, March 7.
Arthur M. and Mabel Brown to Regina A. S
Pescia, lot on W line of-Larkin street, 29:(j N
from Chestnut, N 27 by AV 137:0; $10 -
Mrs. R. H. Hazleton to G. Helen Van Alen,
lot on N line of Lombard street, 167 E from
Fillmore, E 20:0 by N 137:6; also lot on S line
of A r allejo street. 192:0 E from Steiner. E 55
by S 137:0; $10. ,
Mary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to William G.
and Hattie Richardson, lot on SE • corner of
Frederick street and De Long avenue, E 48 by
S 1C0; $10. > vi
Robert A., Charles D. and Benjamin S. Dean
(executors of estate of Peter Dean) to Wallace
Bradford, lot on S line of Jackson stret, B2-.3 F.
from Maple, E 75. S 127:8%, AV 23:3^, N
S:8%. AV 53:1%, N 119:1; $5500.
Helen Dunham to Albion S. Perley, lot on W
line of Dolores street, 129:5H, N of Sixteenth,
N 30:6, SAV 2SS:8, S 3»:5%, NE 287:6, quit
claim deed; $10.
,-Charles Lynch to Hu Jones, lot on N line of
Twenty-eighth street. 125 AV of Dolores. N 114.
AV 20, SAV,to point S 05, E 25; $10.
James and Margaret Curley to Jimes Hamil
ton, lot on W line of Dolores street, 192 :G S of
Array, N 84:6,. W 00. S 25. E 50, S 95, E 15,
NE to beginning; $10. ¦ -
James and Nellie F. Hamilton to Levingston
Jenks same; $10.
R. R. Impey to John R. Impey, lot on E line
of Church street, 74:6 N from Twenty-third, N
24:10 by E 70; $10. S
J. J. McEwen to Guardian Loan Association,
lot on E line of Sanchez street, 53 S from Clip
per, S 25 by E SO, quitclaim deed; $10.
Guardian Loan Association to "John F. Dress
ier, same; $1500.
Charles and Sarah Hill to Daniel Jorgensen,
lot on N line of Jersey street, 80 AV from Noe,
AV 20 by N 100; $10.
Jonathan and Anna M. Anderson to James H.
McNeill lot on £T line of Elizabeth street. 300
AV from Douglass, AV 25 by N 114, lot 114. Hey
man Tract; $10.
John and Mary M. Kllcommon to Alexander
Bond, lot on S line of Broadway, 100 AV of
Jones, AV 23 by S 00; $10.
Susan Lowe (Murphy) to Alice F.. Alexander
R and Emma XV. Rutherford. . lot on S line of
P.iish street, 77 :C AV from Leavenworth, AV 30
by S 137:0. quitclaim deed; $25.
AVilllam McCormick to Margaret McCormlck,
lot on NE corner of Eddy and Larkln streets,
N S7:C by E 37:6; gift.
Estate Philip Liesenfeld (by Henry Helme.
executor) to Bernard Langendorf. lot on fc>13
line of Folsom street, 175 SAV of Falmoulh,
SW °5 by SS' IC: also lot on NAV line of
Shipley street, 225 NE of Sixth. NE 25 by NW
100: $9500,
Matilda Boynton\ (Roberts) to James Boyn
ton lot on NAV line of Harrison street, 110
SAA'" of Seventh, SAV 25 by NW SO: gift.
Antolne. and Grade Borel to Elmer J. and
Mary C. Haskln, let on AV line, of Seventh ave
nue 350 N of California street, N 25 by AV
120; $10. L
Bridget Dunn (widow) to Arthur J. G. and
Mary F. de Kutte, lot on N line of California
street, S2:0 AV of Twenty-third avenue, AV 25
by N 100; $10.
Charles J. Newton to William P. Kirby. lot
on AV line of Thirty-seventh avenue, 100 15
of L street. S 50 by AV 120; $500.
Henry HJberer' to Frank AV. McEwen, lot
9 block 531 Bay View Homestead Association;
$10.
i Frank W. and Delphlne McEwen to Adolfo
Bachlni, same: $10. .
Amos Mecartney to George Burge, lot 3,
block 114, • University Homestead Association,
quitclaim deed; $15..
Rouleau, Slrr-pson & Millar Title Company
(a corporation) to California Fireworks Com
pany of San Francisco. Limited, lot on AV
corner of Fifteenth avenue and K street, NAV
225. SAV 100. SE 225. NE 100. block 30!), South
San Francisco Homestead; $10.
M. A>-torg to Jean Serres. lot on W line of
Gates street. 50 S cf Union avenue, S 75 by
AV 70. lots :;S3. 3S5 and '387, Girt Map 2; $10.
Cassius B. Van de Mark to Nellie Van de
Mark, lots f!0, (iOMs and 01, block 0, Flint
Tract Homestead; $£,
Frederickc (or. Fredericka) apd Gottlieb Ar
nold to Jean EFClosea. lot 'on JSV line of Mis
sion street. 95 S of Thirtieth. N 35:3, AV 105,
S 0:3. AV 27.SR. S 30. Si, E 12S.47, P. V. Ict3
401 and 402; ?10. . ,
Marion AVngner. Edith /McA. Newlands, Eva
McAllister Prittchett (formerly Eva McAllis
ter). Hall McAllister nnd Marion Wagner (trus
tee) to Elion Dore, land bounded N by ship
channel. S by high water mark of San Fran
cisco Bay. E by Larkln street, W by charter
line 1S51; $10.
Alameda County.
I WEDNESDAY, March 5.
Joseph and Harriett Westall (wife) to. Jo&lah
Tomllnaon. lota 17 to 20, block B, Map Laurel
Grove Park. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Leah F. Mott (single) to Henry E. Jacobsen
(married) lot on W line of Oak Etreet, 110 S
of Enclnal avenue (said last line recognized
slr.ee widening to SO), S SO by W 100, block I,
lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
Matta Mattfeldt (widow) to Ida Slebs (wife
of Henry), lot on NW corner of Taylor avenue
and Ninth street, N 50 by W 12U. Alameda;
gift. .••¦•¦¦:
Rudolph Franke to Albert and Augusta Kay
ser, lot on E line of Grove street, 73:0 S of
Elm (or Twenty-fourth), . S 25 by E 81, block
P, map blocks O, P. L, Kelsey Tract, quitclaim
deed, Oakland; $5.
Aloert and Augusta Kayser to Hypolite Aud-
Iffrece, same, Oakland; S10.
' Thomas Larkln and Michael King (executors
of estate of Henry B. Mullens) to E. R. Tutt,
lot on N line of Tenth street, 150 W of Harri
son, W 60 byN 100, block 141, Boardman's
Map, Oakland; $3S00.
William T. and Sarah B. Harris (wife) to H
B. Belden. lot on S lino of Milton street. 100 W
of San Pablo avenue, AV 25 by S 100, being E
half of lot 11, map Milton Tract, Oakland; $10
Hans and Katie i Jacobson to C. W. Wind,
lot beginning at intersection of N line of Fel
ton street with E line of California and Nevada
Railroad,, E 4S, N 132. W 42, S to beginning,
block D, amended map J. W. Crawford Tract
Oakland; $10. :, , "
Adella R. Hobart (widow) to Maybelle L
Hutchinson. lot on N line ' of Unlbn street
422:4 Mi W of San Pablo. W 90 by NI125, lot «!
map property Villa Homestead Association
Oakland; $150. >
W. J. Miles (single) to Percy XV. Dornfeld
lot IS block R, map Paradise Park, Oakland
$10.
Hugh and Anna S. Hogan (wife) to Harry A
Espy, lot on E lino of Thirteenth avenue 140 -»rt
S of East Twenty-seventh street. E 114.7G N
S5 E 35, S 50. W 148.50. N 15.05, Mock 87
Hogan's subdivision map block 87, Highland
Park, East Oakland ; $375.
- Fred . Brand to ¦ William Schmid. lot on N
line of Addlson street. 110 W from center line
of Grove. AV 30 by N 138. portion range 1 map
Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Frances J. and S. AV. . Johnson to Luella M
Slsson (wife of L. D.). lot on N-JIne of Hll
gard avenue, 175 E of Scenic avenue. E 50 by
N 125. lot 0. block C. map Daley's Scenic Park
Berkeley; $10. . ..
Abble H. Goff (widow) to Luella Lamb, lot
on SE corner of Mason and King streets. E 120
by S 75:3. lot 41, block 8. map lands Recent
Street Homestead Association, Bsrkeley; $100. '.
S. L. Yoakum (widow) to Maggie Eckmann
(single), lots 3 and fl. block f>0. map subdivision
lots 50 57. CT>. CO, Klngsland Tract, subject to
deed of trust for $600. Brooklyn Townshin: $10
•Isaac L. and Ella J. Saxton (wife) to .William
Corbin. lot on AA T corner of Lancaster anj Chaa-
Company the old board was re-elected, with
H. W. Thomas as secretary. The financial
statement covers fifteen months to December
31. 1901, during winch the receipts were $645,
275 and the Expenses $356.S50. or for the twelve
months $285,4^5, showing a balance of $359.
982. Dividends paid in twelve months were
?:u;n,ns2. Liabilities at the close of the year
were reported at $9181 and the net assets at
$2,065,6^4. The betterments were $22,323 and
the net. 'funds on hand at the close of the year
?5t.94(t The report of Manager Glbbs says:
"We have COO acres planted and 1500 acres
first a*d secon-1 ratoons, which we at present
estimate will yieW 7500 tons sugar. With or
dinary weather It should have yielded 10,000
ton*, but the drouth of last summer checked
its; growth."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. March 7—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 112V* — Us qr c (new) 139 Vi 139%
4s qr reg H1V»111% 3s qr coup.. .109 109V»
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 76^103 lOmbus C 6s. 131 —
Bay CPC 5s.l0<i%l07?i Pac G Im 4s. 95% —
Cal-st 5s... ..116% — Pk& C H 6s. 107 —
C Costa us.. — 111 Pk& O R 6s, 117 120
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pwl-st R 6s. 117 —
Fer&C H 6a. 110 — Sac EGR 5s. 93 100
Oeary-st 5s.. — — S F &SJV5s.l23% — '
H C&S 5%s. — — Sierra Cal 6s.lO5 110
Do 5s — lOOVi S P of A 6s
L Ang R 5s.l21 — (1900) U2%W.
Do gtd 6s. — — (1010) 113%114
Do gtd 5s. 104 V» — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 101% — (1909)Sr A. — 110
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr B.110 110V,
Mkt-st C fia.126 — (1906) 112%112V,
Do lem 5s. 119% — (1912) 121 122%
N R of C 6s. 111% — SP of Cal 1st
Do- 5s 123 — c gntd 5s. 120 —
N Pac C 5s.l0S%108% Do stmpd.111%112
N Cal R 5s. 112% — 3P Br Cal es.l38%l«Mi
Oak Gas 5s. .115 — S V Wat Bs.lll 111%
Oak Trn 63. 122 — Do 4s 102% —
Do 1st c 5s.lll% — I Do 4s3d m.101% —
Oak W G 5s. — 104 Stkn Gas es.101 —
Oc SS Co 53.101 102 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 75% 76 Port Costa. . B3V, 68
Marin Co... 57 — Spring Val.. 91% 02
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2 5 Pac Light... 43 —
Eqt G L Co. A\\ — Sac E G&RC 25 31
Mutual t% 5 8 F G & E.. 4.U, —
O G I> & H. . 55 5fii,i S F O L Co. 5% — •
Pac G Imp. 37 — 'stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE. •
Firem's Fnd.257 275 /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. S8% — P L & A... 168 170
California ..422 — Mer Ex (llq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.lUftllS S P Nationl.l37& —
First Natnl. — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1973 — Sav & Loan. — 10©
Humboldt ... — — Security Sav.305 35O
Mutual Sav. 76 8216 Unlun Trust. — 2200-
S F Sav U.515 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..1C0 172?i Market 90Vi OOVi
Geary — 60 Presidio .... — —
- ¦•S> POWDER.
Glan* 79ft 80 VIgorit ..... — '4,
SUGAR.
liana ......— 4 Kilauea .... 9 —
Hawaiian .. 37«~i 40 Makawell .. 25% —
Honokaa ... 12 — Onomea .... 24 25
Hutchinson . 13 Vi 13=34 Paauhau ... 12 — •.;.'
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 163 — PacAFA.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 07 — Pac C Borx.163 —
Cal Wine As.100 — Pap Paint... 18 —
Oceanic S Co 35% 30'i
Mornln; Session.
Board —
20 Cal Wine Assn 100 00
10 Giant Powder Con 80 00
15 Honokaa S Co 12 imi
50 Hutchinson S P Co 13 50
30 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co.... A SO
&5000 Los Angeles Ry 5a....... '. 121 00
9o Market-street Ry 99 25
20 Market-street Ry 90 37»,J
50 Market-street Ry » 50
$4000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 123 OO
$4000 Oceanic S S lol 5O
1000 S P of Arizona (1910) 113 87VJ
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
10 S V Water 01 oo
10 8 V Water 91 25
310 S V Water 82 CO
70 S V Water, s 90 »t 73
15 S V Water 91 73
1 S V Water 0t r»>
$2000 US 3s (coup.) 109- 12U
Street—
25 Giant Powder Con 80 00
30 Honokaa Co 12 0t»
> 25 Makawell 26 0O
35 Makawell 2rt 25
SO Paauhau S P Co 12 OO
$10,000 S F & S J V 12T. 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
33 Alaska Packers' Assn 1C3 00
50 Anglo-Cal Bank 88 75
?10C0 N PC R R 5s io.q 3o
10 Paauhau S P Co 12 0O
5 S V Water, s 5 91 87'A
' 150 S V Water 92 0O
Street —
30 Hutchinson S P Co. ... — ...• 13 50
10 S V Water 91 73
70 S V Water 92 00
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
man streets, SW 25 by NW 100. lot 1. block 8,'
map N, Alameda Tract, formerly Valdez &
Glascock Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Lizzie C. Dean (widow) to Thomas J. Fahey,
lot on N line of Taylor avenue, 240.U4 W of
Caroline street, XV 3ft by N l£i, block A, map
portion original Vlscher Tract, Alameda; $10.
Ellen Crystie (widow) to Joseph W. Crysttt,
lot on N line of Delger or Twentieth street. 1»;>
W of Telegraph avenue (prior to widening to
100 feet). W 45 by ,*t loO, Oakland; gilt.
Sidney M. and Agnea fork twite) to Colum
bian Mutual Building and Loan Association,
all Interest In lot on W line of Magnolia street.
175 N of Thirtieth, N 25 by W 1M, Oakland;
S. T. and Mora May Allen (wife) to Thomas
H, Montgomery, lot 30, map Austin Park, Oak
land; (coo. ,
Elizabeth S. Merrlam (widow) to Bessie B.
Merriam (single), lots 5, U and 12, map E. "W«
Woodward's subdivision of lot 10. Dunnagan
Tract, In plat 4.J. V. and D. Peralta Kancho.
Oakland Township;- gift.
Joseph, Henry and Lizzie Mathews (de Ver
ner) to Martha E.vMallldle. lot on N line of
Channlng way, 100 W of Bowdltch street, W
100 by X 130, subdivisions i) and 10 of lots ::
and 4, block map subdivision of lota :t and 4.
block 10, College Homestead Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Guy XV. Monroe (single) to Sarah L. Yoa
kum (widow), lot on N line of Center street.
203 W of Shattuck avenue, W 50 by N 134.G2.
lot 32, block 1, subdivision map block 1. Shat
tuck Tract, N portion plat CS, etc., subject to
existing Incumbrance, ¦ Berkeley: $10.
Henry A. and Christine S. Pleltner to Carl
Krcling, lots 44 to 48.' map Pleltner Heights
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Christen and Dorthea Jensen to Delflno D.
Toro. lot on XV line of Tevls street, 35 N of
Washington, N 37 by t W 125, block 775. map
Levy Tract. Brooklyn Township; $1300.
Richard W. and Lottie V. Tutt to J. P.
Judlce (single), lot on W line of West street,
40 S of Thirty-second, S 40 by W 115, lot
0. block 2038, Map Portland Tract, subject to
dead of trust, 001 D. 437, Oakland; $2000.
Henry and Eta Veach to Continental Build
ing- and Loan -Association, lot on S line of
Murray street, lli<J0 "W of San Pablo avenue,
W 80 by S 100, lots 44 and 45. Map Potter
Tract, quitclaim deed. . Berkeley; $3.
Central Pacific Railway Company to Frank
H. Garcia, lot on E line of Jack3on avenue,
S49.7G 3 of county road from Oakland to San
Leandro, S 50 by E 105. lot 21, block F. Map
Huntington Tract. Brooklyn Township; $410.
H. E. and Catherine V. Harwood to Jose
phine A. Fink,* beginning at a point on SK
line of county road 809. known as Redwood
road, at W corner.of tract conveyed to Emma
S. Douglas. 620 D. 25, thence SW 60, SE 291.25. .
NE 00. NW 287 t 50 to beginning, Brooklyn/
Township; $720.
. Karl A. and Hilda Nelson to Harry W.
Davis, lot on S line- of Prentiss avenue, 18.V
W of Peralta avenue, ¦ NW 50 by SW 122. 15,
Deering Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Fred F. and Agnea J. Sprague to M. E. XV.
Chappel, lot on E line of Pease avenue, l(tt.«i
S from center, line of narrow gauge railroad.
E 70 by S 39. W 10, S 30, W 60, N 70:0. '
Alameda; $10. , ¦ . '
. THURSDAY. March 6.
Henry A. and Lucy . E. Benson to Carrie L.
Mitchell (wife of James S.). lot on N line of
West Twelfth street, 75 W of Myrtle. N 114:6
by W 75, block 570, Boardman's Map of Oak
land and subdivision of said block as per T.
J. Arnold's plan of said city, Oakland; also
'personal property; gift.
John E. and Jane L. Morris (wife) to
Charles A. Bailey, lot on S line of Ward street,
100 W of Calais, W 25 by S 135, lot 19, block
31, Map resubdlvision of Smith's subdivision of
Mathews Tract, Berkeley: also lot on N line
of Stuart street, 40 E of Sacramento, E 40 by
N 135, lot 29, block 31, same. Berkeley; also
lot on S line of Carlton street, 125 W of Calais,
W 50 by S 132:6, lots 18 and 19, block 03, Map
of resubdlvlslon of same, Berkeley; $5.
Harvey S. and Laura S. Haseltlne to Frank
H. Masow, lots 0 and 10, Map of University-
Villa Tract, in plat." 77, V. and D. Peralta
Rancho, Berkeley; $10.
William J. and Caroline L. Gardner to Rob
ert and Maggie J. Hazlett, lot on N line of
\ Durant avenue, 100 E of Dana street, E 50 by
N 130, lot 15, block 1, Beaver Tract, Berkeley;
Frank A. Roberts to George Robblns, let on
NE corner of Grove and Seventeenth streets,
N 50 by E 100, lot 2, Map of Seventeenth street,
between Grove and San Pablo road, Oakland;
$10. ¦ .
Herbert A. and Nellie T. Swift (by Clarence
Crowell. commissioner) to Frank N. Machado,
lot on S line of Thirty-fourth «treet. 160 E of
West, E 50 by S 100. lot «. block E Map of
property of Central Land" Company, Oakland:
$2200. .-'
Clarence and Esther K. Chlchester to Luther
A. Teague, lot on S line of Sixtieth street. 150
E of Idaho. E 18 by S 130, block 4, Amended
Map of Butler Tract. Oakland; $10.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Clarence Van H
King, lot on W corner of East Twelfth street
and Seventh avenue, NW SO by SW 130 block
32. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Martha G. Bailey (single) to Zerah Smith,
lot on SW corner of Valley and Hastie streets.
S 170, W 45.09, N 179.70, E 103.29, lots 20 and
21, block D, Map of Valley Road Tract, Berke
ley; $10. .
Judson and Catherine C. Wheeler to Alice
M. Barnett, lot 12. block 3. Map of Wheeler
Tract, Berkeley; ?10»-.-.
Lavlnla and H. Brlstow. to Martin J. and
Rosalind A. Petram. lot en E line of Park
street, 232:4 S of San Jose avenue. S 50 E
117:514. N 50. W 117:4%, lot C, block 18. May
of Alameda Park, Alameda; $2050.
A. F. Morrison and Oliver B. Martin (exec
utors estate of Joan N. G. Hunter) to J H
lounp, lot on SW corner of Santa Clara avenue
?r^/? herman Btreet > s 19 0 by W 150, Alameda;
Same to same, all Interest in lot on gw cor
*%rn iw a w a i^l ar ?. av *". Ue V* d She «nan street.
S 2C0 by W loO, Alameda; $1.
„ , FRIDAY. March 7.
Sereflno and Frances; Fazio (wife) to An
t T™* t l d , Marla , Mi sa» (wife), lot on S line
of Third street, 129; E from Brush E 21 by S
100, portion of lot 11. block 24. Kellogg Map
(recorded March 0, 1UU2), Oakland; *10
_\V. O. and Lettle H.,> Baker (Wife)" to" Thomas
E. Collins, beginning at intersection of \V line
• of lot 1, block Q, and N line of Stanford ave
nue,, or right of way of Berkeley Branch Rail
road, N 55.0U to point 100 S from S line of
Benton street, at right angles thereto E 100
S 147. SW 160, to beginning, block Q. Map Par
adise Park. Oakland; $10.
Ella Beach (widow) to Alexander S ; Ireland
(married), lot on NE line of East Twenty-sev
.enth street. 250 SE from Nineteenth avenue.
SE 70 by NE 140, block 02, Map North Addi
tion to Town of Brooklyn (subject to deed of
trust for $1600 in 098 D. 41), East Oakland; $10.
Oakland Bank of Savings to George Sterling
lots 35 and 40, Map of • Kockbndge, Oakland
Township; $10.
G. L. Fltz to Louisa Braun (wife of M.), lot
57, property of Oakland Homestead Associa
tion, Map of Maxwell , Tract, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
F. H. Andrews (slnsleJ to Walter H. Rat
cllffe Jr.. lot on SW corner of Delaware and
Grove (formerly Sherman) streets. S 135 by W
1C0. • portion of Range 1, Map < Hardy Tract,
Berkeley; $10. ¦
Peter C. and Katie S. Brown (nee) and James
Brown (and as attorney) to George Ray, lot on
S line cf. Durant avenue, 100 E of Fulton street.
JE 65 to point 450 W> of Ellsworth street, S 130.
W 05 to point 100 E t of Fulton street, N 130,
block l'Jr, Collese Homestead, Berkeley: $10.
Abner I. or A' I. Lowell and Ada J. Lowell
(wife) to Oskie Krey.(wife of Arthur. F.), lot
on S line of Durant avenue, 194:0" W of Shat
tuck avenue, W 10 by S 130, block 2. Map of
Barker Tract, portion of plat C8, Berkeley; $10.
Glovani Baptiste Cuidice to E. S. Harvey,
lots 10 and 11, block. 70, Map of town of Alva
rado, Washington Township; $10.
Charles N. and Mary E. Wood (wife) to Mol
lle H. Huntley (wifecol D. B.), lot on N line of
Simpson street, 150 W of Telegraph avenue W
CO, N 111.07. E 50,-etc, S" 111.82, lot 38, Map of
Simpson's Tract, etc.. Oakland; $10.
John G. and Agnes M. Agar (wife). Agnes I
L. Macdonough (and as trustees under will of
Joseph Macdonough). Joseph M., Jessie T and
W. O'B. Macdonougll to Samuel J. Silva, 6t en
S line of Thirty-first street. 1«5 XV of Grove
W 50 by S 140, let !). block 2034. Oakland- Sio'
William and Mary Hanson (by D. W. Lot-inl
and . C. F. Ullliet, • trustees) to Continental
Building and Lean Acsociation, "93 D. 1(2) lot
on S line of Wilder street, 125 E of San Pablo
avenue. E 100 by S 120, lots 13 and 14, block
C, Map of Carriaon Tract and adjoining prop
erty, trustee's deed. Berkeley; $118$.
George K. and Bes3le M. Holloway (by same)
to tame. 75S I). 423, l*>t on W line of HarDtr
street, 100 S of Woolsey, s 35:5 by W 110
block 4. Map Central Park at Alcatraz Station'
etc., trustee's deed. Berksley; $1571
Rosa M. Shattuck (widow) to E. A Girvin
lot on N line of Center street. 591 07 E cf
Grove. E 50 by N.i;tLt:2. being a portion cf
lots 40 and 41, subdivision map of block 1
Shattuck Tract, -' N fortlon of plat US.-Berke-
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey (wife) to
tmB*™S;%^' 6UbJCCt * m ° rt^ e *»•
W. E. Sell to. Archibald Barnard, same
Berkeley; r$:jCO. " • '
N. B. and Angelina Kelso (wife) ta Isaac
L. Saxton. lot on SE line of Grand (or Wal
nut) .avenue, 100 NE of Orange street 1
-¦ iJ.ii. lot +<!. Map Marion Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10. .
Builders' \ ontracts.
A. M. Sharp (owner) with L. A. and C L.
Kern (contractors), architect Nathaniel Blal3
dell — All work except . plumbing, gas fltrirg
sewering.' tiling, hearths, gratis, trimming hard
ware, electrical worki furnace, Fhadea. gas fix
tures, painting- and tinning for a two-story attic
and partly finished basement frame building on
N line of.Vallejo street. 102:0 W of Devisa
dero, \V 30 by N 137 :«. W. A. 403; $5123. i
Angus and David McKay (owners) with Elec- !
trlcal Engineering . Company (contractors), i
architect Albert Sutton — Electric passenger ele
vator and sidewalk hand lift for a four-story
and basement brick buildlnc. on NW corner of
Sacramento and Leidesdorlf streets, N 60 by
W 40: $2155. T-° y
G. B. Cevasco (owner) . with Demartlni &
Traverso (contractors), architect Thomas J
Welsh — All work for a four-story and basement
frame building, on W line of Kentucky street
25 S of Twenty-second, W ICO by N 25: $12,933
Phlilpp Hagemann . (owner) with J. Albert
Ebneter (contractor), architects .Rousseau &
Son — All work - except plumbing, mantels, gas
fixtures and shades for a three-story frame
building (five fiats and store), on NE corner
of Fourteenth End Folsomlstreetc. N 27:5Vi, E
C9.7C, S 2.1.521. WlM/lll. IS; {8243.
Same owner with J. F. Noonan (contractor),
architects same — Plumbing, sewer work and
gas fitti'.i? for same en same; $11 Is.
: R.S. .Williams and R. Keller (owners) with
John Flaherty (contractor), architect Theodore
THE SAJN FKAJN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 1902.
13
XV. Lentzen — All work except sewerlnjc. paint-
Ing, plumbing, gas fitting, electric work, exca
vating, concrete work, finish hartfware. man
tels and shades for- two three-story, frame
buildings with basements, on N Illno- ot Felt
street. 100 XV of Scott, W 50 by 137 :ti; ftO.SOO.
Mutual Savings Bank (owners) with Otis
Elevator Company (contractors), architect Wil
liam Curlett — Two horizontal hydraulic ciava
tors and two sidewalk ram elevators In •build-
In r now being erected on S line of Geary street,
So:6 W of Kearny. XV 73:10.. S 38:2%. «E
52:9i,i. NE 53:0%. N 60:0%; $25,300.
HOTEL ABRIVAXS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D Warner. Seattle
It N Downe, Pa
H Rood A w. Mich
B F Goodwin, Rosewell
A Campbell, Portland
W H Prince. Seattle
N Johnson, Los Ang
Rev W H L Rowend,
Canada
J H Wlscup, Denver
Mrs C Cummlngs &
daughter, Boston
XV Gerrans, Plymouth .
R A Harttle. San Jo«*
J Nader*. Salt Lake
J talker. Salt Lake
B. F Young. P Robles
XV Devere & w, Cal
J K Hall. Dawson
F J Edwards, Oakland
KB Schell. Iowa
O A KUnbell & w,
. Mass
Mrs Lowell, Colo
Mrs Bradfleld. Colo
100 Andes C4 200 Mexican ... 29
tOCO Best & B... 24 2OO Sierra Ner. 1.1
10O CCA Va..l 3»> 130O Silver H1H. 51
100 Confidence . 58 2CO Union Con. 24
200 Crwn Point. 05 300 Tel Jacket. IT
SOO Gould & C. 11
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia . 2« COO Occidental . C3
200 Challenge . 17 100 Ophir 1 00
50 C C & Va..l SO 1000 Overman .. 0«
2'0O Confidence . 57 400 Potost 10
W)0 Con N York 01 200 Sierra Nev. is
1200 Gould & C. 11 100 Silver Hill.. 58
0()O Hale & Nor 30 200 Union Con. 25
300 Justice 10 60O Union Con. 26
2C0 Mexican ... 20 200 Union Con. 27
FRIDAT. March 7 — t p. m.
Bid.Ask. v Bld.Ask.
Alpha — CM Tustict 10 12
Alta 04 0C Kentuck ul 02
Andes 04 OS Lady Washtn — C5
Belcher 04 05;Mexlean 30 31
Best & Belch. 23 21 (Occidental ..07 CS
Bullion 02 Ot Ophir 1 On 1 Of.
Caledonia ... 25 27- Overman .... W> Oi!
Challenge Con 17 19 Poto«l 1» ji
Chollar CO 10 Savage ...... 07 OS
Confidence 57 5l> Scorpion .... — fl*
C C & Va....l 30 1 S5 Peg Belcher.. — at
Con Imperial. — Ot Sierra Nev... IS 14
Con X York.. 01 02 Silver Hill... 8T 5i>
Crown Point. tt". 04 St Louis..... — io
Eureka Con.. IS — Syndicate ... — C»;
Exchequer ... — C2 Union Con... VI 27
Oould & C... It 13 ITtah 08 07
Hale & Nor.. 30 32 Yellow Jacket IT 13
Julia — 04
McGrath, Patrick
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH~Sto7a^e W^nT15ovlng~Co!T
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion Bt.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., C30 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
peny. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAIXS~I>TtYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less. money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 200.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
___ DIVIDEND XOTICES.
OFFICE of "thT'contTarCosta^ Wa ter Ca7"room
10, second floor. Mills building:. San Fran-
cisco, March 4, 1902. Dividend No. 198 of
42 cents ner share on the capital stock of
the Contra Ccsta Water Co. will be payable'
at the office of said company, room 10, sec-
ond floor. Mills building, on March 15, 1902.
Transfer books will close on March 10, 1U02,
at 3 p. m.
ti EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Ccm-
pany. Con,; a dtyidend, No. 30, of Beventy-
five cents (75c) per Fhare on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
pnyable at the office of the company, rooms
202, 204, 200, Hayward building San Fran-
cisco, on March 10, 1902. Transfer books
close March 3, 1902, at noon. J. R. ZiKAV-
ELL, Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.^
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Louis D. Stoff, 28, 611 Stockton street, and
Gertrude Hirscb, 23. S17 Bush street. ¦
Walter XV. Stettheimer, 28, city, and Flor-
ence D. Neustadter, 21, city.
Harry Schroeder, 26, 27 Clarence place, and
Mary C. Lawlor, 26, 434 Brannan street.
Earl Edwards, 21, 417 Mason street, and
Vee A. Tennant, 17. 1791 McAUi&ter street.
Bert A. Scout, 02, 211% Polk street, and
Elizabeth M. Herihg, 63. Los Angeles.
Robert A. Reynolds, 31, 279 O'Farrell street,
and Mary L. Doke, 23, 2010 Jackson street.
William F. Reimers, 20, S9JJ Connecticut
street, and Cinda Rilla Hughes, 26, 550 Steven-
son street.
Ernst Kolepka, 3S,,San Rafael, arid Josle H.
Garms, 20, San Rafael.
S. Edward Eastwood, 27, 216 Randolph
street, and Margaret E. Frlel, 21, 2C21 Harri-
Bon street. ,
Wong Kum Gate, 4S, 12 Waverly place, and
Wong See, 27. 12 Waverly place.
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
indorred with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
<f BOHHT.
PATERSON— In this city, March 5, 1902, to
the wife of C. G. Pattrson, a son.
MARRIED. —
GEERTZ— HESTER— In this city, March 5,
1902, by^the Rev, F. W. Fischer, Maurice
Geertz and Bertha E. Hester, both of San
Francisco.
HANSEN — DEVINE: — In this city, March 2,
1902, by the Rev. Father Horn, Frederick G.
Hansen of San Francisco and Annie J. De-
vine of Hanford, Kings County, Cal.
REYNOLDS— DOKE— In this city. March 7,
1002, by ti'e Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Robert A. Reynolds and Mary Lucretia
Doke, both of San Francisco.
STROMBERG — HOLLEDAY — In this city,
March 1, 1902. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander
of the First English Lutheran Church, E. S.
Baltsar Stromberg and Eva Maria Holleday,
both cf San Francisco.
— — ""
Baumgartner, Henry McCulloch, Matilda
Berry, Jean McMenomy, Mary A.
Blackwell. Joseph Maata, Louisa C.
Bradley, Georee Madson Ole
Bullene, Gertrude A. Marlin, Nellie
Curtin. Michael J. Millcglav, Nicolas C
Darius, Mamie Monasch, Julius
Didlak, William Morgan, Geta J.
Dinwoodey, Wm. T. Otto, August C.
Dolan, Ellenor B. Perron, Maggie
Donniker, Mary Petersen, Anna
Dubuis. Josephine Rix, Lulu S.
Gallagher, P. H. Samuel, Grace K.
Graham, Mary J. Scheper. William
Griffith. Esther S. Schimmelpfennlg,
Hansen, Rise A. Flossie A.
Harrington, John D. Sharkey, Mary
Hart, Catherine Shay. Mary A.
Horn,- Mary A. V. Smith, Joseph G.
Langstadttr, S. Stearns, John P.
Lark, David B. Sloutenbcrough, John
Lawler. Katherlne - Thall, Ada E.
McDonald, Alexander Van de Mark, C. B
McGrath. Patrick Williams, Michael
BAUMGARTNER — In ¦ Santa Clara, March 6,
l'J02, Henry'W. Baumgartner, dearly beloved
•on of Mrs. H. C. Mumford and the late
Valentine Baumgartner, and brother of Lucy
and Tillie Baumjrartner, Mrs. L. Zipperllen,
Mrs. C. F. Emig and the late John Baum-
gartner, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years 9 months and 12 days.
ETFuneral will take place from his late
residence, 641 Grant street. Saturday, March
8, at 2 o'clock. Interment at Santa Clara.
BERRY — In this city, March 6. 1902. Jean
- Berry, a native of Scotland, aeed G8 years.
BLACKWELL— In this city, March 6, 1902,
Joseph Blackwell, a native of Dublin, Ire-
land, aged 26 years.
BRADLEY— In the City and County Hospital.
March 7. 1902. George Bradley, a native of
California, a?ed 29' years.
BULLENE — In this city, March 7, 1902, Ger-
trude A., be'oved and youngest dautrhter of
Edward E. and Marsrarat M. Bullene. idol-
ized sister of Genevleve and Norbert Bul-
lene. and granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs
Edward Fennessey. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 10 months and 12 days.
B^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1318 Florida street. Interment
private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURTIN— In this city, March 7. 1902, Michael
J.. beloved husband cf Hannah Curtin, ana
uncle of Bartholomew and James Curtin a
native of Brosnaush, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged CO years. (New York and Chi-
cago papers please copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(ounday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission
street, thence to St. Charles Church for ser-
vices at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
DARIUS — In Alameda, March 6, 1902, Mamie
beloved wife of J. O. Darius, mother of Ethel
Darius, sister of Katharine Jones, and niece
of Mrs. A. McCormick, a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years 9 months and 3
rt&js. A member of Oro Fino Parlor No. I),
N. D. G. W. ' •
r^Frienis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funaral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1631 Everett street (Park-street sta-
tion), Alameda. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery, San Francisco, by 12' o'clock creek
route boat, arrivlnsr-ln city at 12:30 o'clock.
DIDLAK— In the City and County Hospital
March G, 1902, AVilliam Didlak, a native of
Kentucky, aged 38 years.
DI £ WOODE:Y — In thts clt y- March 6. 1902
u llliam T., beloved husband of- Maude Fow-
ler Dinwoodey. father of Sherwood and Wl!-
Ham Dinwoodey. and son of Mr. and Mrs
Henry Dinwoodey of Salt Lake City.
RT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday
March 8, at 11 o'clock, from the residence
or Mr. Henry Fowler, Napa, Cal.
DOLAN— In this city, March C, 1902, Ellenor
B., beloved daughter of John and th& lat*
Mary Dolan. and loving- sister of Anna A.,
John J. and James M. Dolan and Mrs. R
I. Merlllion, a native of San Francisco, aged
2J years 2 months and 28 days.
D^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 17 California avenue, thence to St
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DONNIKER— In this city, March C, 1902
Mary, dearly beloved wife of Adam A Don-
nlker. and sister of Mrs. Bridget O'Neill and
KE^RY J. CALLACHER~Ca
(Successor to :riariiia>;an & Gallagher >
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Me*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBa'lMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School
- Telephone South 80.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 3C7.
new"fIrm of undertakers^
Samuel McFadden, IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association, M J
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. hive opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CKAS. Hi J. TRUMAN & CO.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers/
Now Occupy Their Own 'Building,-'
j 1909 Mission street, between I5th and 16th.
Telephone Mission 109.
REMOVED!
McGinn biros..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 22* and 226 McAllister st. (For-
merly of 3U Krtriy Ft. Tel. Kouth 282.) ¦¦
ROOMS TO LET— Furn'. nnd Cnfnrn.
POWELL, 131 — Front room to let near' Bald-
win lot.
ROYAL House, 12G Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room.' Emcking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, S5c to §1 CO; week, ?2
to SS; month, $S to ?30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hct and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 2511 — Elegantly furnished
front and back parlors; terms reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL 121 near Sixteenth— Sunny fur-
nlshed front room, ?3 50 per month.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st.
SUTTER. 309 — Nice front room for two gentle-
men; low rates; single rooms also.
VALENCIA, 1232 — Sunny front parlor nicely
furnished; grate, gas, bath; for two. . .v, < '
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-clasB board; reasonable ;phone South 829.
CORBIN (The), 830 Putter — Nice sunny room
for one or two gentlemen; excellent board.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High-class hotel.fur.
suites cr single; board optional; steam heat.
JOHNSON. The. 005 O'Farrell — Nice home;
• good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
CALIFORNIA 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CEOCKEIt, The, 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; ein. and suites; ground and tennis crt.
NIARA, C15 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites: excellent board; terms reasonable.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
rultes. tingle rooms: flrst-class table board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WAXTEIJ.
BOARD and room in private family; couple
with one child. Box 371", CalL
SPECIAL XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
SEVV1M»_SIACH1XES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, cold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 1*05 4th.
NOTICE TO CONTKACTOKS^^tiicT'oiE^the
Veterans' Home of California room 13. 329
Eaneome Ft.. San Francisco. Cal. — Under and-
In pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Youctville. Napa County, Cal.," and appro-
priating $25,000 therefor (approved March
26, 1901, Statutes 1001, pace 823). and In
accordance with the resolution of the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12, 1901. the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites and advertises fcr
sealed proposal, for furnishing the materials
•nd performing tne labor for the erection
&nd construction of e&'.d hospital building, at
tfce Eaid Veterans' Home at YountvH'.e, Napa
County, in accordance with the plans, de.
rcrlptlons. bills and specifications, prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnil, archi-
tect: and that contracts based upon such
. cealcd proposals will be let. made and en-
tered into; said plans, descriptions, bills and
ipeciScations can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
m. of each and every business day. from
the date hereof to the date of paid contract
cr contract*, at the office of the said di-
rectors cf eaid Veterans' Home, room 13,
320 Sansome st., San Francisco, Cal.
Separate bids will be received and separate
contracts let and entered into as herein
above set forth, for each of the following
parts of sa'.d buildinc. erection or structure,
including the furnishing cf labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled. "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of lue State In relation to erection
cf b-jildincr" (approved March 23 187U,
Statutes 1S75-6. page 427). find the acts
amendatory thereof, that is to say for th3
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work. Including all
brick, clone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric end glazing work.
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized iron and
tlatinsr work, and
Sixth, for the painting and graining.
Eaid work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications, including the
furnishing of materials and the necessary
labor therefor.
The work is to be done under the Ruper-
vifion and direction of Isaac H. Small and
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
i committees cf said Veterans' Home, acting
fcr and on the behalf of its said board of
directors.
A separate contract will be let for ax many
ilfterent kinds of work as are herelnabove
specified. No bid or proposal will be received
cr considered unless accompanied with a good
scd sufficient bend of eaid Droaoser or bld-
"<5er. equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If raid proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party • proposing cr bidding will duiy enter
Into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contract or contracts. In accord-
•Dce with eaid proposal or bid. ar.d the plans.
deEcriptioni". bills and specifications, which
¦re hereby made a. part of this notice aud
of any contract to be let hereafter.
Said sealed birt« or proposals mjst be de-
livered to the paid directors cf the Veterans'
Hcme cf California, or •<¦ the secretary there-
nf. nt the office of i8!<5 director?, room 13
KO Ssneome St.. in the city and county of
Pan Francisco. Ftate of California on or
before the hour cf 1:30 p. m. of the twenty-
recond day of March. 1902. which la hereby
designated a» the time and place where the
raid sealed bids or proposals will be opened
by /the ?ald directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and said contract* let and made
If In the on'nion of said board of directors
r,f the said Veterans' Home the acceptance
rf the lowest of Fald sealed bids or proposals
fhall not be fcr th* best interests of the
Ftate. raid board of directors herebv re-serves
the right to accept r.ny of *ald bids or pro-
posals opened as in their opinion may be for
the be«t lnterA^t* ot the State, under and In
socor<3ance with and as provided by thi» terms
cf section 4 of the paid act entitled. "An
set to reeulato contract* on behalf of the
Ftate Jn relation to erection and baildinF«"
(approved March 23. 1876, Statutes 1875-C,
rape 427). or to reject any or al! of said
ienled bid* cr tsropoEals.
For further Information and particulars
Hidlr.jr contractors are hereby referred to
the secretary of the board of directors of saM
Veterans' Hcme. at the office of said board
cf directors, as herelnabove set forth.
By order cf the board of directors of the
Veterans' Hom» of California.
J. J. SCHVTLLE, Secretary .
T?8t>d FYbn;ary 10. 1902. °«retary.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipace —
Depot Qunrtermaster's Office, 3G New Mont-
?- m ,T^ St "o ? a ? 1 " raI «'l?«>. Cal-. February.
f».. 1JW12. — Sealed proposals, in trlplcate will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock
a. m. Monday. March 10, 1902. Pacific Stand-
ard Tim*, and then opened, for furni«hire
Corn Brooms. Unbleached Drilling Suspen-
der Buttons. Fly Buttons. Basting Cotton
White Aprons. Dark Blue Trousers and. Caps
1 for Officers. White Caps for Cooks and Walt-
ers arrd Working Hats. Bidders must Eta'e
In their proposals the rate and time of de-
livery ehould contract be awarded to them
»Dd ro proposition should be made which
they are not positive that they can absolute-
ly fulfill. Preference will be given to ar-
ticles of domestic production and manu-
facture, condltons of price and quality being
equal (Including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon)
and such preference will be given to articlca
of American production and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast, to the ex-
tent of the consumption required by the
public service there. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Informa-
tion tnd blanks for proposals will be fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals will be indorsed "Proposals No.
14O!(." and addressed to MAJOR C. V. MIL..
LHR. Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. February 10, 1902. — Sealed proposals.
In triplicate, will be received here until 11
a. m.. March 11, l»02, and then opened for
the construction at Fort Wright, Wash., of
one double barrack building, brick. For full
Information, plans and ' specifications apply
to lhls office. U. S. reserves right to reject
cr accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
ehould be marked: "Proposals for construc-
tion of buildings at Fort Wright, Wash.,"
and addressed/ to undersigned. J. W. JA-
COBS. C. Q. M. _^^-
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Waeh.. March 4, 1002. — Sealed proposels, m
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a. m.
April 4, 1902. and then opened, for the con-
struction at Vancouver Barracks, Wash., of
a subsistence storehouse. For full informa-
tion, plans and specifications apply to this
cfSce. United States reserves right to reject
or accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
ehould be marked: "Preposals for construc-
tion of a subsistence storehouse at Vancouver
Barracks. Wash." and addressed to ander-
Elgned. J. W. JACOBS. C. Q. M.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. M. Longnecker, in the Taylor
Claim and Hull Claim Mines, near Genesaee. ;
I'iumas Co., to deposit tailings in Indian
Creek or a ravine tributary thereto, and
from the Channel Found Gold Mining Co., in
their mine near Lincoln. Placer Co., to de-
posit tailings in a dry swale below the mine,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 94, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal.,
on Marrh 24. 1002. at 1:30 p. m.
20 SQUARES aephalt roofing. Building, Bry-
ant and EHery Bts.. near Second.
PHYSICIANS AXD SCRCEOXS.
* ABSOLUTELY FBEE CONSULTATION— AU
czsrasei? of men and women treated bucc^ss-
lully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR.
FORDEN. No. C Turk et., comer Mason.
A— PR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market Et.: hours 10 to &
DR c C O'DOXNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL, ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
JOSEPH STRAIB.
850 Market et., corner Stockton.
\ Telephcaie Grant 177.
Tlekl Estate Agents.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. -j
FOR sale — Fine new Mission home; big lot, 67x
120; 7 rooms and bath; here'e a bargain; must
be sold: worth $0000; make an offer; splendid
locality; prsnd view; car linen close. CONK-
LIN. FULLLNGTOX & CO.. 710 Market Et.
BARGAIN: 9-room house; fanitary plumbing;
fine order. I'll Broderlck St.. bet. Bush
and Pine.
KEW houw. C larjre rooms and bath; modern.
CSS San Jose ave.. corner Valley. i
$5000— SACRIFICE ; nice flats; near Uberty
and Guerrero sts. Owner, box 4171, Call.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^^
Small tracts. $C0 to ?00 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. : future value assured, as
•Ran Francisco is ktowIhr rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to Th* Cotati Co.. 3w2 California 8t., for
pamphlets and information.
$S00 — 7-ROOMED house; SO-foot lot; near
bpach. Santa Cruz City; or exchange Box
4109 Call olflee.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right localltv; big money; easy
payments: HEALT & CARR. 0 Eddy st.
£anta Clara Valley. San Jose end Ptninsular
proprrtips. *<ee WOOSTER. WHITTOX &
MONTGOMERY. €34 Market. S. P.. & San J.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE^^ j
NEW 5-room cottage; bath. manteU basement; ;
sewered; corner let. 40x100; Golden Gate.
$1700 — J500 cash, balance monthly: 4-room
cottage, bath-, street work done; city water;
sewered; lot 50x130; Achby ave.,. near Berkeley
train. 1; ._
J1750— $550 cash balance fiat loan. Pacific
Mora* Building Company. 29 Nevada block,
San Franc', sco. ___^
MUST be Bold; new 5-room high basement cot-
tage; brick foundation, china closet, etc.;
on main rtrwt: only i minutes' walk to *ta-
ticn; 1 block from electric cars: price $1400:
very easy term.«. HOME REALTY CO.,
Lcrin station. Berkeley.
SEND for "Homes," etc. WM. P. TODD.
1070 Broadway, Oakland, or 11 Montgomery
St.. San Francisco.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; hish base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FliUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
1 '
FnCITVALE REAL. ESTATE;
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
"Wiis-on ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
t street cars and public school; fornished cct-
t£ge of 6 rooms; etable. chicken-house, pig- |
ecn cote, etc.; crr.arr.er.ta I grounds; fruit >
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F. ; rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Apj'ly J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
FOR sale — Lot near electric road; poor owner
desires coin, hardup. Dox 3S90. Call.
FRUITVALE HOUSES.
A COUNTRY home, ¦uith large grounds, mod-
ern house, four or fivo bedrooms, for rental
summer months. A. B., P. O. box 2G97.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
. OAKLAXD REAL. ESTATE.
$CTiOO — IN Oie heart of town, eart of Broad-
way, one block from 14th-st. depot; 'sunny
corner, 00x110; house of 7 rooms. 2 bay-win-
dows; within 2 blocks of property selling for
S500 i«r front foot; mcdel location for flats
•>t for a doctor's residence: see this at once;
a b'g bargain. GEO. W. AUSTIN, 4t» Tenth
st., near Broadway.
I A COZY little home sacrificed; S rooms; hot
and cold water; h'gh basement; all in fine '
condition: sunny frontage; street work all !
dene; price only $1000; walking distance o?
downtown; must be sold. Address "Owner,"
box C37S. Call office. Oakland.
SEND for '-Homes." etc. WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway. Oaklar.d. or 11 Montgomery
Ft.. San Francisco.
OAKLAVD FIEMTIUE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCKELLHAAS, 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPI.VG.
ARTEL and SOLAR flats, 525 and 531 Turk St.;
first-class; new bldg. ; housekeeping suites.
BKLL. The. 1773 Market — Sunny parlor suite;
grate and kitchen, with gas range; $22 50.
CAPP. 0:53 — Parlor flc)or of 3 unfurnished
rooms for light housekeeping.
CLAY. 1523 — One or three unfurnished rooms.
Kt.'LTON. C71 — 2 furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; separate entrance; no chil-
dren; $3.
HOWARD, Z>J2 — A furnished front sunny bay-
window room, with use of kitchen.
HOWARD. 72S — Two housekeeping rooms,
complete, reasonable; single room $5 month.
HOWARD. 11)63 — £ sunny con. completely furn.
baj- window hsjcpg rms.; range; elec. lights.
HYDE. 4CS — Nice suite, furnished for house-
k<v»ping\ C15; also rear basement suite, yard,
laundry. $14.
JONES. €14— Lanre Furr.y frort alcove with
kitchen: coirp!ete hskpg. : also front parlor.
O'FARRELL 193 — Unfurnished lower floor. 3
rooms, yard, laundry. $J5; phone Scott S5S.
SEVENTH. 2S — Sunny furnished Fuite, ?l(i;
ccuble funny rooms. $10. $8, |6; phone; bath.
TEH A MA, 47S. r.ear Sixth — 3 sunny rooms
complete for housekeeping; fl2; no children.
THIRD. 41HB — Nicely furnished rooms; house-
keepincr: kitchen, pas. bath.
A BRANCH office lor Call advertisement* and
rubscriptions has been established at 10&C Va-
lencia ct. . ' ;. .' :
tOOJIS TO LET — Farn. and Unfitrn.
ikRGYLE HotclTSi McAllister— New, el»gant,
Minny; 75c day upward; raten by week or
nionth: McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill rocm in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
20c to $1 per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
BURNETT, 142C Market (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nlsl^ed rms., suites, einfrle: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210—2 elepant back parlors; light
housekeeping; a!so~£unny front single.
KLLIS. 221 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
1 :;•>, $1 50 night; $1 50, $t> wk.; open all rfight.
* TELL, 4(j*> — Furr.lshed room in private family;
terms reasonable. *
FOLSOM. C20 — Lanre unfurnished room, flm
Boor, %'y. sunny windows; 23 feet square.
GEABT. 4mO (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ef l i-u;u:i.- nnd single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDJZN GATE ave., 1221 — Pleasant sunny
room; Germaa family.
CRA.VD KOi;THEE.V Hotel. "Jh and Mission —
Family hous*; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges ;£Ult, single ;elev at.
GRANT, 245— New bachelor apartments; fur.
or unfur.; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
CEAKY, -JSS-rFirst floor, several rooms suit-
able for modicail man; also sinsle rooms and
Fuite for hourekeepinE; further, basement
floor with kitchen; all well furnished; gas,
bath, iihone.
JESSIE, :s*r;, nr. ,'th and Market — Furnished
_roona. >« per month. I
LAGI.'NA. 1310, near Ellis — Throe eunny corner
unfurnished rooms; running water; gas; rea-
sonable.
LAGtr.VA. l.'UO. near Ellis — Newly furnished
ro.ini. £8 per month; also others; reasonable;
Jx>ard optional; running water; gas.
MARTINET. 1101 Gear}'— Handsome euites;
private bathe; newly furnished 3ingle room*.
MINNA, 409, near 5th — Large front parlor,
suitable for 1 or 2 centlemen; $10 a month.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1C15 Market — Nicely f&r-
Tiished rooms; $2 a we«k ujj; 35c a day up.
o- FA RRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offlceg; devator. elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PART of house, either furnished or unfur-
niglied. in flm-class locality. Hox *103, Call.
POET, 217 — Handsome smite of rooms; also a
•unny elngle room; reaeoaaUe; bath, phone.
Knapp, . beloved wife ' of George XV. Samuel, |
. mother of Mabel Samuel, and sister of Mrs.
Mary H. Coats and" Frank K. and William
' D. Howard, a native of Dayton. Yamhlil
County, Oregon, aged 29 years 9 months and
3 days. (Santa Cruz, Cal., and Roseburg,
, Or., papers please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
¦ street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHIMMELPFENNIG — In this city. March 7,
. 1902, Flossie A., beloved daughter of Ma-
thilda -and the late John" Schimmelpfennlg,
and sister of Aimee, Eda and John Schtm-
melpfennlg, a native of Eureka, Cal., aged
7 years 11 months and 5 days.
SHARKEY— In the City and County Hospital,
March 0, 1902. Mary Sharkey, a native of
Ireland, aged 33 years.
SHAY — In Yuma, Ariz., March 5, 1002, Mary
Alice, beloved wife of B. J. Shay, and mother
' of B J. Jr. and R. E. Shay, a native oi
California.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7G7 Mission
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
SMITH — In this city, March 7, 1002. Joseph
- Gay Smith, baloved brother of Mrs. Elizabeth
Earned of San Francisco and Mrs. Mary Mc-
Cann of Spokane, Wash., a native of Eng-
land, aged SO years 11 months and 25 days.
A member of Petaluma Lodge No. 30, I. O.
O. F. . -
E3*Interment Sunday, March 9, 1902. at
Petaluma, Cal., at 2 o'clock. Remains at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
. near Twenty-first.
STEARNS— At St. Helena Sanitarium. March
4, 1902, John P. Steams, beloved husband of
. Martha T. Stearns, and father of Mrs. F. T.
Duhring, a native of Newport, Vt., aged 73
¦ years G months and 14 days.
CCTInttrment at Santa Barbara,
STOUTENBOROUGH — In Bishop, Cal.. March
5, 1002, John Henry Stoutenborough, a native
of New York, aged 06 years.
ICThe funeral, will take place Saturday,
March 8, at Bishop, under the ausnices of
Winnedumah Lodze No. 287, F. and A. M.
THALL— In Seattle, Ada E., beloved daughter
of Henry H. and Frances Thall.
/VAN DE MARK— In this city, March 6, 1902,
. s fi us B - Van de Mark, beloved husband
of. Nellie Van de Mark, father of Frank J.
Van de Mark, and brother of George* F. Van
de Mark and Mrs. Lillian Cordelian Paff.
aged 44 years 11 months. and 20 days.
C^Friends a.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),- at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1330 Howard street, where services
will be held, under the auspices of Pawnee
Tribe No. C7 (of Alameda), I. O. R. M. In-
terment Cypreia Lawn Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In this city, March 5, 1902, Mich-
ael, father of William F. and Michael E,
Williams, a native of County Clare. Ire-
land, a?ed 77 years.
tC^The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avonue,
thence to the Chanel of the Passion. First
street, between Harrison and Bryant, where
a requiem high mass will be- celebrated for
the reDose of his soul, commencing at 0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Mrs. Katie L. Thompson, a native of County
Limerick, Ireland, aged 47 years. ...
tT? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Tulljn Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
. of McAvoy & Co., 12TO Market etreet, be-
tween Efehth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for service*. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DUBUIS — In this city. March 7, 1902, Jo-
sephine Dubuis, beloved mother of Clement
and Edward Dubuis and Mrs. P. J.' Desen-
f ant and Mrs. J. S. . Williams, a native of
France, aged 07 years and 11 month b.
IE7"Funeral at Calvary Cemetery, San Jose,
Sunday, March 9, at 2 o'clock.
GALLAGHER— In this city, March 7, 1302. P.
H., beloved husband of Anna C. Gallagher,
aged 51 years and 11 months.
GRAHAM— In this city, March 7. 1902. Mary
Jane Graham, widow of the late. Thomas
Grftham, a native of County Down, Ireland,
aged 01 years 10 months and 15 days. (Kan-
sas City, Kans.. papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from her late resi^
dence, U71 Haight atreet. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
GRIFFITH — In this city, March 0, 1902. Es-
ther S. Griffith, beloved wife of Jonathan
Griffith, and mother of Mary E. Harelson,
"Ida J. Simpson and W. B, and Grace Grif-
fith, a native of New York, aged Cl yeara
3 months and 10 days.
HARRINGTON— In this city, March 7, 1902,
John D., beloved son of Isaac and the late
Catherine Harrlnston, and ¦ brother of the
late Isaac and Lydla Harrington and Mrs.
Mary B. McEvoy, a native of San Francisc >,
aged 37 years 11 months and 2 days.
CFrlenda and acquaintances are lespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlora of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 20 1 Fifth
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this city? March C. 1002. Rise
Andrea, beloved daughter of John and Isa-
beila Hansen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 11 months and 0 days.
([^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 25 Decatur street, off Bryant, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth; Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. - , , '
HART — In this city, JMarch 6, 1002, Catherine,
beloved wife of the late John Hart,' mother
of Mrs. F. Saunders, Mrs.^'J. A. Conroy and
Thomas Hart and the late James and John
Hart Jr. and Mrs. Maggie Morrish, and
sister of Mrs. Marcaret Elliot and the late
.' Mrs. Jane McGovrrn and Mrs. John Brltt,
a native of County Longford, Ireland. . ,
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. F. Saunders, 117 Welch street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
HORN— In this city, March 7, 1902, Mary A.
Veronica Horn, beloved wife of Joseph Horn,
mother of Jennie Horn, daughter of Jane A.
and the late Patrick Boylan, and beloved
sister of James Joseph and John P. Boylan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 39 years 1
month and 21 days.
X.ANGSTADTER— In this city, March 6, 1902,
Selirman Langstadter, beloved husband of
Jeannette, and father of Isaiah S., Daniei,
Cecilia, Pauline, Adaline and Lillie Lang-
stadter, a native of Memelsdorf, Germany,
aged SO years 6 months and 0 days.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 10 o'clock, from his late residence, 14tiO
O'Farrell street. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
;ud Townsend streets.
LARK— In this city. March 0, 1002. David
Benjamin, son of the late Cyrus Lark, and
beloved brother of Mrs. J. O. Mack, Mrs. !
George Douglas, Mrs. Julius Klein, Mrs. Al- j
bert Knorp and Cyrus E. Lark, a native of
New York, aEed^ -10 years 7 months and 21 \
days.
(CyFuneral and interment private.
LAWLER— In this city, March G\ 1002, Kath-
erlne Lawler, a native . of Cou%ty Galway,
Ii eland, azed 50 years.
McCULLOCH — In Alameda, March 7, 1902,
Matilda L. McCulloch. dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Captain J. E. and Llesette McCulloch,
and sister of J. R. McCulloch, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years 2 months and
7 days.
ETFuneral will take place from her late
residence, 820 Pacific avenue, Alameda, Sun-
day, March 9, at 1 o'clock. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
McDONALD — In this city, March 7, 1902.
Alexander McDonald, a native ot Scotland,
aged C8 years.
pCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from Scottish Hall,
117 Larkln street, under the auspices of St.
Andrew's Society. Intermsnt Cypress Lawn I
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
McGRATH— In this city, March 7, 1902, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of the late Ellen Mc-
Grath, and father of Bernard McGrath and i
the late James and Annie McGrath. a na- i
tlve of County Longford, Ireland, aged W)
years. .— • ... I
McMENOMY— In this city. March 0. 1002.
Mary. A., beloved wife of Charles McMen-
omy, and mother of Hattle, Charles, Grace,
Frank. Bertie, Myrtle and Irene McMenomy,
a native of Calaveras County/ Cal., aged 45
years. > . .
ETFriemls and acquaintancer are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from hor late resi-
dence, 3TC5 Twentieth street, thence to SI.
Jamen Church for services at l':30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAATA— In this city. March 7, 1902, Louisa
C. Maata, beloved mother of John A., Fred
W. and Gtistav Maata, a native of Finland,
ased 52 years.
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-square
Halli 421 Post street, under the auspices of
the United California. B'lnn Sisterhood. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
the Darlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.
MADSON — In this city, March 5, 1902, Ole
Madson, beloved brother of Mrs. Louis ! F.
• Johnson, a native of Norway, aged 50 years
10 months and 27 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the f unerai Sunday,
March 0, at 10:30 o'clock, from Memorial
Hall, Odd Fellows' building, corner of
Seventh and Market streets, under the aus-
pices of" Apollo Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. F.
Remains at the funeral parlor of Charles H.
J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission street, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
MARLIN— In this city, March 5, 1002, Nellie,
beloved wife of Brady Marlin, mother
of Walter and "Edna Marlin. daughter of
the late Stephen Ford and Mary Ford, and
sister of John, Maggie, Walter and May
Ford, a native of Greencastle, Ind., aged 31
' years 6 months and 3 days. (Oakland, Cal.,
papers please copy.)
(E7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the y funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock. ; from her late
residence, 1S04 Green street, thence to. St.
Brlgid's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland, by 11 o'clock
creel: boat.
MILLOGLAV— In this city. March C. 1902.
- Nicolas C., beloved son of Cristofoco and the
late Anna Mllloclav, and brother of Mitchell
Milloelav and Mrs. P. Mllcovich of Austria
and Ed C. and P. C. MillOKlav of San Fran-
c!s2o, a native of Dalmatia, Austria, aged 42
years. (Stockton. Cal.. papers please copy.)
C?"FriendH and acnuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, at 1 o'clock, at the parlors of
Valente, Marini &. Co.. 1">24 Stockton Etreet,
thence to New Italian Cemetery.
MONASCH— In this city, March 7, 1902. Julius,
beloved hupftand of Rcss Monasch. father ot
.Take and Myrtle Monasch. and brother of
Herman Monasch of San Francisco and Mary
Brown of New York, a, native of Exin, Ger-
many.
MORGAN— In this city, March 7, 1002, Geta
Jocephine Moreran. rreat-grandmother of
Miss Lottie Huskell and Mrs. Charles Lende-
lop of San Francisco, and mother-lrt-law of
Asa M. Bowen, a native of Mexico, aged 102
years. •
OTTO — In this city, March 7, J902, at his resi-
dence, 010% P.olk street, Aujjust C, dearly
I beloved husband of Julia Otto, and beloved
father of Minnie Eij Irene II. and Agnes C.
• Otto, a native of Prussia, aged 5.1 years and
7 months. (Buffalo, N. Y., papers please
copy.)
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Turn Verein
Hall, 323 Turk street, where the services will
be held under ,the auspices of San Francisco
Turn Verein. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. - . .¦ .
PERRON— In this city. March 6, 1902, Mag-
gie, beloved, wife of Phlllx Perron, mother of
Joreph J. Perron, and sister of James Brady
of New Orleans, a native of Ireland, aged 46
years. (New Orleans papers please copy.) >
(C^FriendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, March 9, 1902, at 11 o'clock, at the
parlors of Valente, Marini & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In this city, March C. 1902, Anna
Petersen, beloved wife of J. C. Petersen, and
sister of Julius Hacke, a native of Copen-
hagen. Denmark, asod -iS years 5 months and
11 days, j A member of Danish Sisterhood of
"America.
pryFrienda andacquair.ianres are respei':-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAUIst-r
street. Services under the auspices of Danish
Sisteriiood. • ¦ . . . .
RIX— In Alameda. March 5. 1902. Lulu Bhana-
brock Rix, beloved wife of William Rlx. and
mother of Gladys and William Rlx. • • ¦
It^Interment private. Kindly omit flowers.
SCHEPER— In Redwood City, March. C,- 180°'
William Scheper, beloved son of Mrs. Hen-
rietta Scheoer. and brother of Martin
Charles and Fred Scheper and Mrs.. Hen-
rietta Stewart, a native of San Francisco
aged 18 years S months and 12 days.
SAMUEL — In this city. March 5, -. 1002. Grace
Florist Co/
V ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
. Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.NtA*ELUS %%f. 5058Bekins Van and Storage Co.' use their own
private cars when 'shipping household goods.
630' Market street. •
Arthur. Nelson of the Nelson family of
acrobats now performing at the Orpheum,
was arrested yesterday on a warrant
sworn., out by ' Secretary White of the
Children's : Society. It is claimed that
Nelson Is violating .the law in allowing
his daughter Tina to appear in the exhi
bitions. Secretary White -means to make
a test case of the law, and if possible
keep '_ children of tender years off the
slace. £ ._ ,_ ; ,____
One of the Nelsons Is Arrested.
The members of the Gentlemen's'So
dality of . the Immaculate Conception . of
the -Blessed Virgin, attached, to St." Igna
tius Church, will receive . holy com
munion in a body at the 7:30 o'clock mass
to-morrow morning. The members ¦ will
meet" in their, chapel and after, donning
their regalia -they .-will proceed ' .to ,Mhe
church. After mass the "Te Deum" will
be ! eung, and they will, return * to their
fiha.ne.J,
To Receive Holy Communion.
The Unity Club of San Francisco, re
cently organized for the upbuilding of the
city and State, held its first meeting- last
night at 'Golden Gate Hall., Mrs. Benja
min Fay Mills spoke.cn the "Mainspring
of Reforrh.". Next Friday night E.
Lewys will speak on the "Jain 'Religion
of, India." \ . •
Unity Club Lecture.
Internal Revenue Collector John C.
Lynch has made several changes in the
assignment of the deputies in his office.
Mayor James Kip has been sent from this
city to take charge of the Fresno district.
John P. McEnerney has been. transferred
from the General Bonded store at Third
and Townsend streets to the Golden Gate
Distillery at Chestnut and Flllmorel M.
Finn. takes McEnerney's place, and Fran
cis'. E. Fletcher has been detailed I to as
sist Finn.
Internal Revenue Changes.
The first of a series of lectures aimed
at the conversion of Jews* to Christianity
given under the auspices of the Presby
terian Mission, at 1127 Mission street, was
delivered last night by Rev. M. Berco
vitz. The small hall was filled, and
among the audience were many Jews who
had adopted Christianity. The title of the
lecture was "Jesus, Greatest Friend of
the Jews and Promoter of Judaism," and
It was a scholarly effort to demonstrate
that Christianity was only an amplifica
tion of Judaism and that by embracing it
the Jews lost none of the essential fea
tures of their old religion and gained
many new and desirable additions.
Lectures for Conversion of Jews.
Slauson agreed to allow the company
build its tracks across his land and prom
ised to relinquish his title on the condi
tion that a depot should be placed on the
property and that all passenger trains
should stop at it. The company built the
track, but failed to construct the depot
or stop Its trains at the point agreed
upon.
After the lapse of several years Slauson
decided that he wanted his land back.
The railroad company claimed that It
owned the property because its rights in
the matter had not been questioned for
r.-ore than five years after the track had
been built. The court holds that the cona
rany did not live up to Us agreement and
consequently never came into - possession
of tht land.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that J. S. Slauson of Los Angeles owns
a trifle more than a quarter of a mile of
land on which the Southern California
Railway Company runs its trains. The
case has been in the courts for years, and
en Its settlement depends a number of
similar suits.
California Railway Company
Failed to Keep Agreement.
Supreme Court Holds That Southern
I.OS ANGELES MAN WINS
SUIT AGAINST EAILROAD
Eelieve Kauffman Is in Custody,
Chief Witt man received a dispatch from
the authorities; at Fort William. Ont..
yesterday, announcing that a photograph
of the man supposed to be William
Kauffman, alias "St. Louis Fat." one of
the suspected murderers of Policeman
Eugene Robinson at Sixteenth and Valen
cia streets on January 21, had been taken
and forwarded for identification. The
dispatch added that the suspect fought
vigorously against being photographed
8nd kept his eyes closed and his face
twisted out. of shape. The Chief believes
he Is the man wanted.
J. Pollard Crowther. "Jimmy" Crow
ther to his doling .associatr*? amons the
gilded youth and to the society buds
whose fond mammas thought a new
"catch" had been dropped at their very
feet by a smiling fortune, has. not fled.
He has stayed to face -the music, but has
not yet deemed it necessary to report to
the police, and the detective detailed on
the case is still looking-for him.
Young Crowther told his troubles* to
everybody but the policeman yesterday.
He claims that all the trouble | was due
to a false friend, a bunko man, who
worked on him an old, old game. This
young social lion, this bank' clerk of
Kobe, who was so wise that he, came to
San Francisco without references and
carried the citadels of the exclusive set
by storm, admits that he fell a victim to
a game that ought not to have caught
a clerk of the most bucolic bank fin the
world.
Crowther says he has been grossly
wronged by Landlord Robinson of the
Knickerbocker, and others, and that he
has done no intentional wrong. He says
the bogus check was given him j . by an
Struck by Bale of Hay.
James Rowe, residing at 114 Rubs street,
v.-as struck by a bale of hay while walk-
Ing along Berry street yesterday. He was
taken to the Emergency Hospital and
treated for nervous chock. Rowe's wife
was killed last month by a Folsom-street
car.
The names of W. F., Herrin and W. F.
Sproule as directors come as a surprise.
Since J. C. Stubbs left here to fill ths
position of traffic director of the Harri
man roads, William Sproule's responsi
bilities have been doubled. Railroad men
in ¦ this city have picked him out as the
successor to J. C. Stubbs, should\the
position ever become vacant.
The new corporation is to be known as
the Southern Pacific, Railroad Company,
and the principal place of business will
be in this city. The new company will
operate and control 5400 miles of road.
The capital stock is placed at $159,455,000,
represented by .1,594,550 shares, of which
1,283,079.61* shares have been subscribed.
The Southern Pacific of California takes
1,014,241.61 shares, the Southern Pacific of
Arizona, 199,950, and the Southern Pacific
of i New Mexico, 68,888 shares. •
:';The directors of the new corporation
are:. E. H. Harriman of New. York;
Charles H. Tweed, New York; J. Krutt
schnitt, San Francisco; N. T.- Smith, San
Carlos; J. N. Willcutt, Oakland; William
F. Herrin. San Francisco; William F.
Sproule, San Francisco; Homer S. King,
'San Francisco; Alonzo King, San Fran
cisco; J. S.- Slauson, Los Angeles; J. K.
Wilson, San Francisco.
Articles of Incorporation and consolida
tion of the Southern Pacific Railroad of
California, the Southern Pacific Company
of Arizona and 'the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company of- New Mexico were filed
yesterday with the County Clerk. The
consolidation of the companies was per
fected by President E. H. Harriman from
motives of economy. Although the three
roads. • are part of , the Southern Pacific
system, separate accounts have hereto
fore been kept for each line, thus adding
considerably to the expenses.-
Expects to Economize in
the Matter 6f Run
ning Expenses.
Kobe Bank Clerk Is Busy
Making Explanations
to His, Friends.
Oscar G. Murray, Percy C. Kernan and
Robert J. Vance, the bell boys'who were
arrested last Monday night by -Detectives
Ryan and O'Dea for stealing jewelry and
other articles from rooms in private
hotels where they were employed, were
booked at the City Prison yesterday on
two charges of burglary each. They did
the same sort of work in Los Angeles be
fore coming here.
August Blanqui and Henry Dumas were
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
Detective O'Dea and Policemen Ennis
and O'Connell on a charge of burglary
and another of petty larceny. They are
accused cf robbing lodging-houses where
they loomed.
The particular places they are charged
with robbing are the lodging-houses kept
by Frederick Barbera at 327 Montgomery
avenue, and Eugene Baldit • at 815 Jack
son street, the first on February 28 and
the other on March 1. From both houses
were stolen wearing apparel, bed clothes
and jewelry.
The cflicers learned that the defendants
were living at 16-12 Eleventh avenue. South
San Francisco, with two women, and
when they reached there Thursday night
Blanqui and Dumas showed fight. Dumas
attacked O'Dea and Ennis with a razor
and had to be clubbed Into submission,
while O'Connell had a hard struggle with
Blanqui before overpowering him. When
searched at the City Prison each had a
revolver in his pocket and a bunch of
skeleton keys. They came here from the
East during the strike.
George A. Newhall denies that he was
either social or financial sponsor ior
young Crowther. He says he did give
him a ticket to the charity ball, the re
sult of a "touch." Crowther rushed into
Newhall's office and asKed where he
could buy a ticket. Newhall had a bunch
lying on his desk which • he had j pur
chased and he gave the bank dent one.
Crowther did the rest.
Crowther claims that he has ; an uncle
In Glasgpw who sends him ¦¦ remittances,
but says' he. has not money enough- to
cable him. He says his father. Is. not yet
In New York, and he uoes not know
where to reach him by wire en route.
This is: the story t Crowther told:-yester
da" to some half-dozen tradesmen .who
had not trusted him; and to asvmany re
cently found friends- as would listen:. t»»
him. He had spent : Thursday, night' in
Oa«v.and, and: by the advice -of friends
there- he had. come over in •• the morning
to square things. But he didn't go near
police headquarters nor the Knicker
bocker. He called at Hammersmith &
Field's and at 'Shreve's, at both of which
places he had left stones to be set. He
had a short but unsatisfactory interview
with George A. Newhall', who does not
relish being given as a reference without
his permission being 1 asked.' The Police
Commissioner told him- flatly that he had
either been a knave or a fool; Crowther
also telephoned to numerous friends, and
said he would straighten everything out.
Explanations by Telephone.
- At a Powell-street bar, near the Co
lumbia Theater, the solicitor waited for
"Jimmy," but when the latter showed
him the check - his philanthropy was
changed to deep disgust. He wanted the
check cashed at the bar, but Crowther
refused to . permit - any such irregular
linancial transaction. •'»• • v >¦¦ . .
"Why, certainly," Crowther replied,
and hurried away- to the Van Ness ave
nue hostelry for his stormy interview
with Landlord Robinson, in which he
proudly flashed the check, and got In ex
change a receipted bill, $3 in cash and a
check- for $17 50. Crowther wanted more
cash, but didn't get It. ¦•. .,
"By the way," said the Good'Samari
tan, "I'm a little short myself to-day. Let
me have $10 out of what is left, over."
A life insurance solicitor with reddish
hair, whose name Is in the hands of an
attorney whom Crowther consulted yes
terday, but not in the hands of the po
lice, is the wicked man whose' little
game punctured the bank clerk's : social
balloon. According to Crowther's story
this solicitor came to his rescue with, ef
fusive expressions of sympathy, and said
he would have the money for him in a
jiffy. That was when an unfeeling land
lord was wanting money for room rent
and board and extras, including the love-'
ly dinner at which the Kobe' bank clerk
had entertained a bevy of ¦- San-Fran
cisco's fairest. And sure enough in not
more than two Jlfffes the red-headeu, vil
lainous life insurance spieler came back
with a check for $100, signed by W. D.
Vincent and payable to J. Pollard Crow
ther. ' . '¦--¦':¦.
Villain Who Undid Him.
acquaintance who learned qt his strait
ened circumstances and pretended to ne
gotiate a loan" for him. He asserts that
he paid his bill at the Knickerbocker
with it without suspicion of its fictitious
character. . ' i - ;
Ail the goats but one. meekly accepted
their banishment. They looked wise anil
contentedly masticated the dental sup
plies. The one dissatisfied goat showed a
desire to return to the banquet hall, but
v.-as restrained by a heavy rope. He
bleated lustily and a number of the fac-
a purple goat by pulling a roll of rubber
uam out of its throat. He then showed
the bunch of billies down the stairs and
back to the hills.
as avoided the rush by going around the
:nci for five yards. He saved the life of
HARRIMAN UNITES
THREE RAILWAYS
Janitor Douglas is wroth at the damage
done by ;the goats. ' He wants them rele
gated to the. ocean beach, but the faculty
is afraid: to let them out of sight, as the
animals !are filled with smallpox, con
sumption and yellow fever germs. Tho
medicos are- studying the • symptoms of
these diseases and . must have the goats
close by.
ulty examined, him and found he was suf
fering from • a broken tooth. The suffer
ing animal was anesthetized with cocaine
and forgot its troubles.
Arrest Two Eastern Men
After a Desperate
Struggle.
THE CALL'S CARTOONIST PICTURESTHE BATTLE THAT OCCURRED
AT THE AFFILIATED COLLEGES WHEN A BUNCH OF GOATS IN
VADED THE LECTURE ROOM OF THE DENTAL STUDENTS.
OFFICERS FIGHT
WITH BURGLARS
HELD FOR GRAND LARCENY— Percy Mc-
Donald was held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge
of grand larceny. He is accused of stealing a
watch from Manuel Salita, 135 Third street,
en February 2tJ.
CROWTHER SAYS
HE IS VICTIM
tache on each other and both
fides are wi. jting ; for a Napoleon to rise
up and lead tihem. to the fray. The casus
i>e!li is a bainu, of goats. The medicos use
the animals 3fo.-' exixo-imental purposes,
and the d«ntal,' students have shown their
contempt Cor J 5ie proi>erty of the embryo
physicians by them In brilliant
colors. In reta.^ation the "sawbones" led
the goat? Into tlie lecture rooms of their
enemies ,ajid aUccwed the animals to study
the Jatesc wrinkles in tooth plumbing.
The gcats gavei evidence of being apt
students. They swallowed pages out of
textbooks and chewed up theses on "How
to Cborge Your Ititients" and "Torturing
Made Easy." On*- goat tried to masticate
a set of false te«eh, but they scratched
his throat ar*d he Jiad. to cough them up.
Then Janitor DouvUas was aroused. He
says ajiother goat \managed' to down a
pair of "cow horn"' forceps, and as the
bewhiskered animal ', moved around the
room the steel kept .striking the tomato
can he had swallowed earlier in the day
and the resultant noise was followed by
thje discovers" of the bunch of ruminants.
W'Jien the janitor mounted the stairs two
vt a jump and rushed /into the infirmary
lit- was met by a delegation of gaily paint
ed goats enjoying the feast described.
The g.iats were ready to give the janitor
battle. •. A goat that resembled a zebra
siarted ;a buck through.', center and Doug-
>=nr=a HERE iis war brewing among the
I studMits of the Affiliated Col-
I legits. ' 1"he "toothpullers" and
11 the '."sawbones" are planning at-
Organ selection; Samuel D. Mayer; singing,
congregation; Scripture lesson and prayer, 110
Psalm, U-lti; solo, "Praise Thou My Soul"'
(Eyres), H. H. Barnhart; nillress, his Honor
Mayor Schmitz: tutoress, George C. Adams,
D.D., pastor First Congregational Church;
male ci-crus. "The Wayside Cross" , (Palmer),
under direction of A. A. Macurda. solo by H.
H. Barnhart;. address, Rev. W. Kirk Guthrie,
pastor Fiisf I'resbyterian Church; address,
Frederick W. Clam:>ett. D.D., rector Trinity
Cliurch; address, Robert Balfour; collection;
male chorus, "The Heavens Are Telling"
(Beethoven); doxology; organ postlude, Samuel
D. Mayer.
A decided interest Is being manifested
in the great union mass meeting of all
the city churches under the auspices of
the Young Men's Christian Association,
to be held to-morrow afternoon ¦ at 3
o'clock in the First Congregational
Church, Post and Mason streets. Rolla
V. Watt will preside and the following
programme will be given :~~
pices of Young Men's Chris
tian Association.
Meeting of City Churches Under Aus-
PLAN TO HOLD GREAT !
BELIGIOTJS GATHERING
Republican factions in sympathy . Y-th
D. M. Hums, A. Ruef. Martin Kelly . V»a
JeEfe Marks lart night defeated the t »*:
lower* of W. F. Herrin, Phil Crimmi. w
and John Lynch. Clifford McClelian. \
Bumf?' candidate for temporary secretary \
of the Republican County Committee.)
was elected, receiving forty votes. Pat |
PrendiTg.iFt, the Herrin-Crimmins can
didate* received Zl vote*.
Several incidents leading up to the i
struggle seem to strengthen the story I
of a clash between Barns and Herrin. j
On Thursday last Burns hniied a well-!
known politician who i* a coinmitteeman I
at large and said: "I want my friends to j
understand that I am against Crimmins, I
because he lies and if thoroughly unre- 1
liable. I am against him. ana will not j
do politics with any man, high or low,
that has anything to do with him. I want
my friends to support McClrllan for sec
retary of the County Committee."
The committeeman inquired: "Do you
want me to say this to John Lyncn and
Jere Burke?"
"You need not speak to Burke on this
topic, because he is a Democrat." replied
the colonel, "but you can repeat to
Lynch what 1 have said."'
Lynch Lost His Temper.
The committeeman gave Burns' mes
sage to Lynch and the latter got
•"huffy," remarking that he wouldn't take
such orders to tnrow down Crimmins.
but would see Colonel Burns in person, j
Wharfinger Buckley, who was counted
on to support McClelian, saw John Lynch
last night ami then voted for the Crim
inins candidate. He also got three other
members of the committee to vote for
Prendergast.
The Burns men fell six votes short of
their estimates. The followers of Martin
Kelly and A. Reuf voted for McClelian, |
not for Burns, but as against Crimmins.
At fc:30 o'clock last night T. P. Riordan, 11
chairman of the late Republican County
Conimittee. called the meeting to order in
Shiels Hall, announcing that the lirst
business in order was the selection of a
temporary chairman. Charles Sonntag,
committeeman at large, nominated Rior
dan. Nominations were then closed and
Martin Keliy moved that Riordan be de- j
flared temporary chairman by acclama
tion. The motion, put by Sonntag, pre
vailed.
A. B. Truman did not wait for a decla
ration from the chair that the next order
of business would be the election of a
temporary secretary, but saved time by
putting 1 in nomination for that position
Clifford McClelian. Maurice L. Asher
nominated Pat Prendergast. After brief
and pointed discussion the committee de
cided that the roll should be called.
Asher and Truman were appointed tel
lers. The roll was called. McClelian re
ceived 40 votes and Prendergast 31. Both
candidates and the chairman declined to
vote. Sixteen committeemen of the
ninety were absent.
Sub-Committees to Be Appointed.
A. B. Truman moved that the chair
appoint a committee of five on permanent
organization and order or business.
Jesse Marks moved that the chair ap
point a committee of five on constitution,
by laws and rules of order.
Eoth motions prevailed. The chairman
was given time to make the appoint
ments.
Norman W. Hall attempted to introduce
the following resolution, but it was ruled
out of order on the ground that perma
nent organization had not been effected:
Resolved. That we recommend the parsagc
of a resolution by Congress calling for the
reports of the inspectors of the War Depart
ment and a full investigation of the transport
service between San Francisco and the Philip
pine i.
Hall sought to explain that the resolu
tion was introduced in justice to certain
members ol the California Congressional
delegation. His remarks were interrupt
ed by demands for adjournment. The
committee adjourned to meet at the call
of the chairman.
After adjournment the Burns and Kelly
men celebrated their victory. They as
serted that the fight against Crimmins
was on and that Colonel Burns would
oppose any man in the Republican party
who was found, to be doing politics with
Crimmins.
From all accounts it Is made clear that
Kerrin and Crimmins In distributing the
spoils of local conquest hogged everything
for themselves and gave the Burns "crowd
only gilded bricks. The bricks, however,
were handsomely gilded. In fact they
were as beautiful as those that Gage and
the "Colonel" passed out in the Sena
torial contest.
In the Contest for Secretary, > Clifford
McClcllan Defeats Pat Pr* *"*er
gast. Who Has Been Absoc to
ted "With the Machine, v
Strife Now Cam Into the
Republican CkVinty
Cc mmittee. \
On Thursday the soldiers on the Meade
were landed and thoroughly fumigated.
They were then placed in barracks, but
the three deserters managed to slip out
ar }d escape from the island. The Meade
will be moved alongside the hulk Omaha
to-day and will be thoroughly fumigated,
it will, take two or three days to fumi
gate the vessel. The delay to"Hhe Meade
has cost the Federal Government more
than $40,000.
The men who escaped were casuals on
their way to Manila. They left on tho
transport Meade last Saturday for the
Philippines, and when the vessel was &K)
miles out a case of smallpox was discov
ered. The physician .in charge ordered
the captain to turn back, and the trans
port reached here Monday flying the yel
low flag. The quarantine officers went on
board and -after ascertaining the gravity
of the case ordered the vessel into quar
antine. She is now lying at Angel Island.
Dr. Cummings, head quarantine officer,
had the smallpox patient taken off the
Meade yesterday. The victim was low
ered into a lifeboat, which was towed to
the_ landing by the launch Bacillus. The
patient is now among the other, unfortu
nates suffering from contagious dis
eases.
Three soldiers escaped from: the quar
antine station at Angel Island Thursday
night in a rather sensational" manner.
They secured an' "old scow that was
moored 100 . feet from the landing at
Angel Island, cut the rope that held a
30-pound anchor and allowed the unwieldy
craft to drift with the tide. The captain
of the steam launch Bacillus went in
search of the scow yesterday and found
it near Strawberry Point, Sausalito. The
'tide was running too swiftly to tow the
boat back to the island, so it was an
chored in the stream. '.
Ij9ave Quarantine Station in
an -Old Scow and Drift
. to Saxrsalito.
Casuals Escape From the
Detention Camp at
Angel Island.
Tooth-Pullers Gayly Paint Inoculated Animals and Medicos Retaliate
by. Placing Ruminants in Lecture Rooms Occupied. by the For
ceps-Wielders, Whence They Are Finally Banished by Janitor
Burns Mei^ Declare War
Against .¦ and
v " CrimL^s-
PARTY FIGHT
OVER SPOILS
OF CONQUEST
SOLDIERS TAKE
FRENCH LEAVE
AFFILIATED COLLEGE STUDENTS
WARRING OVER A BAND OF GOATS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH S, 1*)O'J.
14
Are Eest Suppled To-day.
J&^^Go6ooob<>2^ In fan ts' at 12\c.
h* fUrSSl- -Boys' at 12\c.
Hte. JOUViri, -Children's at 20c.
TheFrenchdressolove, and
favorite Of ' all-$l.Q0 at such low prices will make Hale's
' ' stocking store a busy place to-day.
Kiltie? Infants' 12^c Pair-Fine narrow rib-
, yjvljv^o, ¦ bed stocking, without seama. lisle fin-
ished, double at the heels and toes;
We are sole agents for it. B £™^ c i Mr _ wlde ribbed aRd
The most enviable glove of all «t» t%, /^ bl ™<^°£
crnnH rsrpfiii flrp«;«;ers Fits ened at tbe knees, heels and toes,
gooa carerui artbbcis. uu where the most straJn comeg . si2e3 -
snugly; wears satisfactorily. 2Oc Pair _ Flne ribbed
Comes in all the staple shades -amiess.
r»f tan mnrlp Srmvn rpf 1 blue Women's lOe Pair— 1200 pairs, fine
or tan, mode, Drown, rea, utuc, black cotton stockings, in three dif-
crrav rrr-aor, mactiniip npirl ferent style3— black, with pearl rib,
g rav > green, mastique, pean, elastic top: black, with Richelieu rio:
¦MrViiro o«/l Kio^l^ black, with hemmed top— long and
Wnite and black. elastic, double heel and toe.
A hint of some other fash- 9" ~ 9
ionable dress gloves — WOlTldl S
The Marvel— A two-clasp pique \Jt\d.QTWQSir.
washable glove, made of choice The spring underwear is here. We
French kid. It's a glove that does u now it is early, but many folks like
not spoil with perspiration or water, to buy early.
Just the thing for moist hands. Two items will answer for an illus-
Tans, modes, beaver, mastique, tration to-day:
White and black— $2.00 pair. White SwiSS Vests 50c.
Marvel Overseam Glove-Light
weight, stylish, every shade, two- made garments. The neck is hand
f i, n " finished; down the front Is a white
ciasp - sateen band.
The Blanche Suede Glove— A perfect Black Cotton Vests 35c.
fitting overseam glove, with a style Fine quality, with low necks and no
and finish superior to many. Mode, g£™jk "^
gray and black— $l.oO a pair. q p
Sale 5c and ioc Articles
. At the Drug Counter.
We'll have a little stir in drug section to-day. We've grouped what ar-
ticles we can sell to-day at 5c and ioc on bargain tables.
At 5c At 10c.
A large cake of toilet soap, bottle of Powder puffs, face powder, talcum
vaseline, box of talcum powder, tooth- powder, stick cosmetic, eyebrow pen-
brush, piece of chamois skin, good _ u >,__,» _„__!,- a- ao ~t^~ ~~~. ». Ii
quality sponge, box of face powder, ?"' ? iard sa P oll O- dressing comb, cake
pocket comb, cake of shaving soap. hand Pomace, extra quality tooth-
bottle of A No. 1 machine oil or a brush, cake tooth soap, bottle per-
box of s/ap containing three cakes. fumery, bottle glycerine, powder box.
Dr. Oliver's 25c Skin Soap at i8c.
It's a splendid medicated soap, excellent for toilet use— three cakes in a box.
"We bought it under Its worth and so may you— 18c box.
A Ribbon Silkoline ioc.
TTnr* fsi 1 nrl rn 1 H7V>/7 7» £F ew st yles and colorings.
J7 Or OWnaay VV ear . Some hundred pieces ready to choose
Here's the best ribbon for the f J° m th , { s morning; 36 inches wide:
monev we ever offered— Stfu * pinkan(i blu e "oral designs on
money we ever onerea -white grounds; very pretty combina-
5.J- in. Liberty 23c. tions for dalnty drapenes-io&
A bright, beautiful neck ribbon, or GfiL^&Ls^^ *ffl7
we'll tie up in the different pretty /jjp^^P^-SS^ 1 A' \ s fg5&®,&r>**
cream, pink, light blue, cardinal, Js( Z^^X -^^** ! -"*
maize, lilac, nile, black. Coot>^ —
Made of Pure Grape Cream of Tartar.
against alum*
«cm MKUia rowpt* so., ipo wii-uah «t., Ntw ro««, } ¦%*¦- i T""" y
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY MONDAY TUESDAY
Granulated Eest Cans Sugar, ,24 hs.SI.OO
Full weight. No limit.
EASTERN (I. Bros/ Brand) HAMS, ID.I223
Sugar cured. Reg. 14c.
SWcET WiNts, Ylatagi 189?, at. bot.25c
" Port, Sherry, Muscatel, Tokay,
Angelica. Reg. 40c ad 50c bot.
LENNOX SOAP. 8 cakes 25c
Extra special. Reg. 6 for 23c.
BEST MISSION E8i*S, drzs* 173c
Received dally Reg 22 1 ic.
CHOICE CREAMERY BdTTEH, square. 4216
One square 43c. Reg. 50c.
FIHFST CRtAMtRY, Our Suecia!, sq.47^c
One square 50c. Reg. 55c.
MONOGRAM 0. P. S. V/HtSKY, gal- $2.50
Special request. Reg. $3.50.
MOChA and JAVA (Our test) COFFEE, 1&.25:
Our Coffee specials have increased
our trade and made friends. Reg. Sflc.
NEW iMPJRTAHOrt TEAS, 6 hinds, ID.43C
Reg. 60c and 70c lb.
6hirardel!i's bround Chocolate, Mb can.25c
Reg. 30c.
CHOiC: FRENCH PRUNES, 5 lbs 25c
Large size. Reg. 3 lbs. 25c.
CANADIAN MALT tXTRAGT. doz.... 52.25
, A Perfect Food and Nerve Tonic.
King of All. Res. S2.I&
ANTiStPTIS RtO M SU°P, !0 cakes. .25c
Cleans, scours and polishes >
everything. Rpg. 6 for 25c.
SHiHAHUtiu'S tuC'jA, Mb can — 20c
Reg. 25c.
Scotcn Old Va tad Whisk* 1 /, quart bot. ¦ 85c
Mackenzie's Royal Blend. Reg. $1.15.
ROYal BAKlNb PuWOtR, i-lo can - - . .40c
Reg. 45c.
CREAM FLaKE MUSH, 10 lbs 25c
Baltimore Besfuove oysters, 3 cans. -25c
Pelican brand. Reg. lS'.ie.
BRO R MANBtLUN DtaSfcRi JELLY, pkg.lOc
MACKbiiELJn Mustard Sauce, can..l2-o
Reg. 20c.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these Special Sales.
"Wo ship free of charge with every $5 or
more within 100 miles. Ask for monthly
price list — Free.
1348-1354 Market Street,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branca Store*.
.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline j Water
220 BROATJWAY. JJ. T.
Save Pain— UNTIL MARCH 10— Saie Money
jd&&®i (\f% FULL SfcT
M8>\ "45^»V>vJ OF TE5J H
t&M Painless Extraction FREH
jmCp Full Set of Teeth $2.00
\ \^ m^^j Gold Crowns, 22k JiCO
ySS^S?^ Bridgew;>rk, per tooth *-'"
Pjffi'Y%j\ Silver.' Fillings FREC
«9 Gold Fillings 75c up
Boston Dental College,
737 MARKET Sf/
Lady attendants. OPEN DATLT until 9
p. m. SUNDAYS. 9 to t. Second floor.
j p. . — ilj-
n CEO. MAYERLE.
•Jk^j&JVjH*^ German Expert Optician, hm
JCf "«a»y ?Yw not moved, but remains at
¦ 1071 Market street^
WeeM? Call,$l,qo per Year
NEW ARRIVALS!
We place on sale to-day a most
beautiful line of Summer Shirt Waists,
comprising all that's new and novel in
dainty and pretty effects, including
the latest craze,
THE GI3S0N WAIST.
Will just mention a few of the many
hundreds of styles on sale to-day:
At hRd We>re showing 6 styles, made
m\i tui- O f good White Lawn or Per-
cale or Gingham,- trimmed with two
rows of Embroidery Insertion. These
waists are also neatly tucked.
Hnr ftSf» CHAMBRAY WAISTS are
UUi UJU tucked front and back,
worth $1.00.
flur Q>t* ZEPHYR WAISTS are
yjvl ' J ** beautifully hemstit c h e d
and tucked; you'll pay $1.50 else-
where for waists no better.
(\\tr 1i1 ?fl WAISTS come in several
UVi Jl.C J different styles, are
tucked, hemstitched and trimmed
with Embroidery and Beading and
inserted with Velvet Ribbon.
fliiT» ti A5I WAISTS are of Mercer-
yJUl i zed Zephyr, looks like
silk, entire ' front and back tucked
and trimmed with four rows of fine
.Valenciennes Insertion, well worth
?2.00. i
From S1.9O to $2.OO we're show-
ing about forty different styles made
up in all the latest novelties in col-
ored and white. materials. Many of
these Waists are worth double the
price we've marked them to sell for.
Sizes, of. Waists' 32 to 44.
You can have them in either buttoned
front, or back, and in all the prevail-
ing colors, including white. ,
20c Women's or Children'sO t//»
Hose at, pair lCy 2 *~
A chance purchase enables us to of-
fer to-day 300 dozen Women's or
Children's Hermsdorf black, full fin-
ish Hose, worth 20c, at,i?i/«
pair 1£/2C
CORSET SALE.
Your money back if after 30 days'
' wear a corset bought of us proves
unsatisfactory.
Following prices hold good from 9 this
morning until 11 to-night:
35c for any 50c CORSET in the store.
50c for any 75c CORSET in the store.
75c for any $1 CORSET in the store.
Jgl.OO for any $1.25 CORSET in the
store.
SI. -5 for any $1.50 CORSET In tho
store. - ;
$1,50 for any $1.75 CORSET in the
store.
91.75 for any $2.00 CORSET in the
store.
$2.OO for any $2.50 CORSET in the
#a.°5O for any $3.00 CORSET in the
store.
VEILING AND RIBBON SALE.
Just received some late novelties in
single veils, 1% yards long, with
fancy embroidered border, worth 50c.
On sale tp-day, each. -2^C
WE "TIE YOUR RIBBON BOWS
FREE.
J5c Ribbons, 10c yard. '
35c Ribbons, lJ)c yard.
40c Ribbons, 'J, 5c yard.
These ribbons are from 3 to 6 inches
wide.. Among them are luster Taffeta
Wash Ribbons; the latest In fancy
stripes; double faced Satin Ribbons,
just the thing for neck bows; also
dainty and pretty shades in Peau de
Sole. ' '
DRUMMERS' SAMPLES OF
CHIFFON JABOTS.
About 200 in all. Many of 'em are
worth from $1.00 to $1.50. Your Cf}«
choice to-day of- lot, each JUL
WE'RE OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL U
O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
. Between Taylor and Jones. .