PROMENADE CONCERT AT PAVILION
ATTRACTS THOUSANDS OF SHRINERS
\ A ¦ detatchment of ¦ six ' hundred soldiers
from: the \ army.; of General Torres, and
£j TUCSON, Ariz., ; June 11.— Colonel ' Wil
liam | Christy, \ a ¦ banker ¦ and mining j man
of Phoenix, j reached Tucson; to-day direct
from, the Yaqui 'River country. . Colonel
Christy.; passed /through; MInas -'; Prietas,
.thirty - miles jj from the scene j of Sunday's
'battle. He, brings an account of an awful
massacre - of - -Yaqul : men , « women , and
children,' imprisoned in a" narrow/canyon.
More than' two hundred Indians were.'de
liberately murdered ; by. the Mexican?sol
diers. ¦< . .¦-. ¦¦'.\y^.S .¦ •
Snecial Dispatch - to The Call.
Awful Slaughter Pol"
lows Santa Rosa
Battle*
Mexicans Massacre
Yaqui Women and
: Children. >
SOLDIERS
REVEL IN
CARNAGE
I Continued' oh Page Thres*
Continued oh' Page .Two.
NEW YORK. June 11.— Peter Martin,
who Is now at San Francisco, leaves early
next week for Newport, accompanied by
his mother, who will remain at Newport
until after her son's marriage to Miss LH-
He Oelrlchs, which takes place there July
2S. Peter Martin has rented the Cadwal
lader cottage on Bellevue avenue for. the
season and will take-up his- residence
there with his bride after a short wedding
trip, and will remain there until he goes
abroad with her for the winter.
Peter Martin Soon to Claim Bride.
In the line that surrounds the two des
peradoes, besides the several •" hundred
Sheriffs. deputy : sheriffs and civilians who
Joined In the man hunt. Is Company^ D, 1
Oregon National Guard, of Woodburn,
vbich was ordered to Gervaia this 'after-
SALEM, Or.. June 11.— Harry Tracy and
David Merrill, the convicts who escaped
from the State penitentiary here on Mon
day, after killing three guards and a fel
low prisoner, are j surrounded ¦¦ In the
woods two miles east of Gervais, a station
on the Southern Pacific, thirty miles south
of this city. To-night a cordon five miles
in length is stretched around their hiding
place. It is expected that ' the fugitives
will make a break for liberty before morn
ing, realizing that to remain In the woods
another day! must mean death or surren
der. Should they remain in their lair, the
cordon will be gradually tightened to
morrow until, the lines close 'In upon "the
murderers. .'•••'.' X"*/* : v ; '.$?¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
noon to assist In the capture of . Tracy
and Merrill, i This company is composed
of about sixty men. -" Following the j re
ceipt of Governor Geer"s , order,, which
•was issued early in the afternoon, twenty
of the guards were hurried to j Gervais,
eight miles away, by wagon. '. The rest
went by train at 4 o'clock. These soldiers
now form part, of the cordon that 'sur
rounds j the fugitives and are doing their
share of the 'more dangerous duty, of act
ing as pickets ' within the ) line jj in \ order
to guard . against ] a surprise ; should : the
desperadoes make a dash 'for liberty. , ; ¦
Hold. TJp. Tvyo Pursuers.
Early this ; morning Tracy '¦ and Marrill
appeared. at the wood camp where- they
breakfasted yesterday morning, and again
compelled-, those at the camp .' to : supply
them with a meal. Shortly after, they had
left ' the* bloodhounds ' again took' the trail
Cordon Five Miles Long Surrounds Tracy
and Merrill and Mah=Hunters Ex=
change Shots With Their Quarry.
Exception is made in the case of field
cornets and < justices of the peace, who
may be tried and fined or Imprisoned, but
they will not be executed. Rebels j who
hold out after July 10 will be subject to
the extreme penalty for high treason.
CAPE TOWN, June 11.— An extraordi
nary Issue of the Official Gazette published
to-day fixes July 10 as the limit. In which
the Boers or rebels who surrendered will
receive the benefit of the peace terms. All
the rebels surrendering before that date
will be merely disfranchised for life and
will not be subject to trial or punishment.
to Lay Down Their
Arms.
Boers Given Until the Tenth.' of July
BBITISH FIX A LIMIT '
ON" TIME FOB ST7BBENDE3.
MILITIA JOINS IN
PURSUIT OF HUNTED
OREGON OUTLAWS
FATAL TORNADO
PASSES OVER TWO
EASTERN STATES
When the storm struck the building its
swaying alarmed the party of merry
makers. AH joined In a rush for. the ex
lta and a fierce struggle ensued. The
three women were left behind and were
killed instantly by falling timbers. ' The
and $400,000 by rough estimates. Claims
for tornado insurance up to to-nlsht
among local agents have reached 130,000,
and It Is believed that thi3 sum will be
doubled. This amount only represents the
loss in the farming districts. The heavi
est .loss in proportion to population fell
on Merna, a village ten miles east of
Bloomlngton, where the town hall, used
by a dancing party of 250. was destroyed,
three of the women dancers being Instant
ly killed by falling timbers. They were:
Mrs. Edward Martin, aged 2S, wife of a
farmer; her sister, Miss Lena Gahahan.
residing east of Leroy. aged 23, and
Miss Anna Kelly, residing at a widowed
mother's home two miles north of Merna.
In - Central Illinois and Iowa Storms Cause
Loss of Many Lives and Great
Destruction of Property.
¦;.' BLOOMINGTON, 111.. June 11.— Sweep-
Ing over a stretch of country 100 miles
in \width and^ devastating territory fully
200 ! miles long. ¦ extending from Living
ston County, on the north andMcCoupln
County, on ¦' the. south^ and. leaving -its
mark clear ' across • the i face of Central
Illinois, a; tornado v last. . night Inflicted
a property loss which will aggregate j a
million dollars - and cost, a dozen, lives.
The brunt of' the. storm' fell upon McLean
and adjoining counties. The wind reached
a velocity of ?- 100 miles an hour, and the
visitation; was the . worst ever recorded
In | the x history of Central - Illinois. ; Not
a village or a clty^ of McLean County es
caped, and from- every district conies the
same ¦ report" of; destroyed buildings, . in
juryito ' growing, crops and* razed fruit
and shade trees. '; *:, *-"
Three lives were lost in McLean County,
at I Merna. - The ; aggregate property . loss
in I the county, not - Including thousands
upon . thousands of ; shade and j fruit ¦ trees
that were leveled,- will»be between' $300,000
BRILUANT SCENE WITNESSED XTrTHE PROMENADE CON
; The. Oakland Shriners are' making great
preparations for the reception of their
fellow • pilgrims .to-morrow. - The evening
parade, with the great electric display,
will- constitute features which - are cal
culated to draw immense crowds to the
city across. the bay. .
dous crowds, and while the . augmentsd
band discoursed sweet strains the com
pany enjoyed itself in promenade and so
cial chatter. It was a reception on a
large scale, and every local Shriner act
ed as a committee of one to see that
his neighbor did not become lonesome.
In this they succeeded admirably, as the
expressions »f \ gratification and delight
heard at every hand amply testified.
The programme for to-day is an inter
esting one. ' The Itinerary includes a
drive to the park, , Cliff House, Presidio
and ocean beach. Visiting Nobles arid
their guests will be provided -with car
riages, which will leave the. Palace at
10 o'clock. The party will lunch at the
Cliff House. It is certain that the - at
tendance will be large.
TO 3>BXLI. FOB? PRIZES.
In the afternoon there will be a prize
drill for Arab patrols at the Oakland
racetrack. The patrols that will com
pete are: Syria, Pittsburg; Moila, St.
Joseph, Mo.; Al Malaikah, Los Angeles;
Aladdin, Columbus, Ohio; £1 Jebel, Den
ver. The drills' will be in charge of
Nobles G. W. Baker, A. F. Gunn and W.
F. Southard. ?
Another j promenade ¦ concert will be
given at the -Pavilion this evening, at
which time the prizes will be awarded to
the successful patrols. The drill and Its
outcome is exciting general interest, • so
that large crowds at both functions are
looked for by the local committee.
Tamalpais Trip and Recep
tion Are Features of Day.
The closing event of the day's pro
gramme was the promenade concert at
the Pavilion. The function was a magnifi
cent success, both In point of attendance
tnd In the excellence of the programme
of music which was rendered. TheNo
fclcs and their ladles appeared in trexnen-
During the afternoon the members of
El Malalkah Temple of Los — ngeles gave
a reception to local Shriners and their
friends at the Palace. The affair was
a success in every detail. More than 2000
people enjoyed the hospitality of the
southrons, and the true spirit of friend
liness and fraternity prevailed. '..¦-'
BBUXIANT OOITCEB.T.
The excursion to Mount Tamalpais was
attended by more than 300 Shriners and
their ladies. The party had a fair, view
of the bay, but the fog that rose and
Cell with •very change of wind obscured
the more distant points from view. The
novelty of the trip was enjoyed by -all,
however, and despite the drawback of
the fog It was heartily enjoyed. The ex
cursion to Berkeley was not so success
ful. Owing to some misunderstanding as
to dates only thirty-five pilgrims went
to the university town at the scheduled
time. The result was a bitter disappoint
ment to the officials of Berkeley, who had
provided many equipages for the accom
modation of the expected visitors. The
vehicles were not required, nor were the
cervices of the school children, who were
to etrew the pathway of the pilgrims
•with roses called into requisition. It was
a. galling experience for the Berkeley
people, but as there Is no one against
whom the responsibility can . be lodged
they accept the outcome with compos
ure.
TBIP TO TATiTAT.FAIS.
While the representatives were engaged
In secret deliberation over affairs of in
terest and importance, to Shriners, their
friends and visiting Nobles, with their
ladies, enjoyed trips to Mount Tamalpais,
¦while others received large crowds at
their headquarters. The day was one of
interest to all concerned,, but compared
¦with Tuesday it was quite -uneventfuL
The weather was rather chilly for many
of the visitors, who are unaccustomed to
the cool fogs that are bo conspicuous a
feature cf the California summer. Dur
ing the morning overcoats and wraps
were In demand by the excursionists who
crossed the bay. ; The sun appeared In
the afternoon, and its warmth had ex
cellent effect in reviving the spirits and
aflfl<rg to the comfort of the visiting pll-
Crirns. * \
year. -The election was a har
monious one, there being a contest- fcr
enly one office, that of oriental guide.
Henry C. Akin of Omaha was chosen as
imperial potentate to succeed Philip C.
Shaffer. .- •
THE Mystic Shriners who are
represented in the Imperial
Council concluded their la
bors yesterday by electing
new officers for the ensuing
Continued on Page Three,
SAN; FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, -. : ;jTJK'B-: : .is,' 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCII-NO. 12.
The San Francisco Call.Continued from Page One.
LOS ANGELES. June 11.— After July 1 the
pay of about 1000 motormen and conductors
employed oft the lines embraced In the Huntlng
ton-Hellman railway system will be Increased
from 2 to 3Vi cents an hour above the present
VAL.LEJO, June It— The body of the
1st* Medical Director G. W. Woods, U. S.
N.. reached Mare Island at 2 o'clock this
afternoon on board the tug Unadilla from
San Francisco and was interred in the
navy yard cemetery with full naval hon
ors. Rev. Father John S. Jones of St.
Dominic's Monastery, San Francisco,
read the burial service at the grave. The
funeral brigade, which -was composed of
a battalion of marines, sailors from the
training ship Alert and the Independence
band, was in charge of Commander T. S.
Phelps. The honorary pallbearers were
Admiral Merrill Miller, Captain W. T.
Whiting, Pay Director A. W. Bacon, Med
ical Inspector Hawke, Commander T. H.
Stevens and Surgeon P. A. Lovering.
Medical Director Woods Interred.
SAN JOSE, June 11. — Miss Mary Louise
Bchnelckert and Daniel Manning were married
in St. Patrick's Church this morning by Rev.
Father Maguire. Both are popular young peo
ple of this city.
Your First Duty to Yourself
Ie to look alter your own conifcrt. The cota
fcrtable trains of the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining: care, in which are served Ameri
cas Club ir.ecls at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public JAT W. ADAMS.
V. C. P. A.. 27 Crocker buiiainc, San Fran
cisco. Cal.
The grounds of the decision are that
the plaintiff could not resign an office to
¦which he had not then been appointed or
confirmed and In which he had not been
qualified. The Judge held that the plain
tiff had ample remedy without an injunc
tion by withdrawing his resignation and
notifying the appointive power that it had
been withdrawn.
EUREKA, June 11.— Judge Wilson of the
Superior Court to-day handed down his
decision in the suit brought by J. P.
Thompson, Receiver of the Land Office,
against J. C. Hull Jr., S. A. Campbell and
A- J. Monroe, to restrain them from using
the resignation of his office, signed by
Thompson and delivered to the defend
ants. The injunction asked for by the
plaintiff is denied, the restraining order
dissolved and the demurrer of the defend
ants sustained.
Resignation as Land Office
Receiver.
EDITO-t THOMPSON FAILS
TO GET THE INJUNCTION
Court's Buling in Suit Involving Hfs
EUREKA, June U.— The main station
o£ the Eure_a Lighting Company at Flret
and C streets, together with its. costly
machinery, was destroyed by fire early
this morning. The alarm was sent in at
2:20 o'clock, and a few moments later the
fire had gained such headway that the
electric connections -were broken and the
lights went out, leaving the town in utter
darkness. The loss is estimated at $50,000.
It will be many days before the com
pany will have its sub-station arranged
to supply light to the city. By making
a great effort Superintendent Fetch has
arranged an incandescent light circuit for
the business houses and theaters. Sev
eral days will elapse before the residences
can be lighted. The arc system was com
pletely destroyed and the streets will be
In darkness for at least two weeks.
The fire is supposed to have originated
from a epark blown ln from the fireroom
«t the rear among the rafters over the
er-siae-room.
chinery of the Lighting
Company.
Destroys the Main Station, and Ma-
FIBE DARKENS ETJBEKA'S.
EESIDENCB DISTBICT
Mrs. Nierhoff was away from home at
the time of the shooting, and her daugh
ter was in charge of the house. The
young lady's side of the story has not
yet been heard. Dr. Todd, who Is attend
ing Nierhoff, announced to-night that
there was no chance for the wounded
man's recovery.
\ !__¦ •: •.
Glover claims that the rancher advanced
upon him with a club and that he fired
to save himself. In his ante-mortem
statement, Nierhoff declares that he did
not have a club; that the shooting was
coldblooded, and that Glover visited the
ranch with the Intention of taking his
life.
Glover was courting the daughter of thfe
rancner. The old gentleman objected and
warned the visitor not to visit his place.
Glover went to the ranch this afternoon,
carrying a rifle of large caliber. The ac
counts given by the two principals of
what occurred in the tragedy that follow
ed disagree, except on the fact that Nier
hoft received the bullet as he emerged
from his barn, the ball entering his right
side and coming out at the back.
AUBURN, June 1L— Because the father
of the girl he loved objected to his suit,
William Glover, a young man of this city,
probably will have to answer to a charge
of murder. Glover this afternoon shot
and mortally wounded F. Nierhoff, a re
spected pioneer cf Placer County. The
tragedy occurred at the latter's ranch,
near Auburn. Nierhoff is not expected to
survive the night. Glover occupies a cell
in the county jail.
SDCCial Diepatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 11.— The farmers in
tho northern end of the county are
alarmed, owing to the appearance of the.
grasshopper pest. Swarms of grasshop
pers have already appeared in some of
the fields and are playing havoc with the
crops, it is feared that these are but the
advance guard of the army that has been
devastating portions of the Sacramento
Valley and is seemingly moving down in
this direction.
Chairman Dillman telephoned to Fair
Oaks and Orangevale, advising both com
munities of the action taken, instructing
that the burning proceed at once, and
stating that he, with Supervisor Brooks,
representing the district, and the District
Attorney, would go up early In the after*
noon to see that the board's
were carried out.
SACRAMENTO, June 11.— A meeting of
the Sacramento County Supervisors was
held to-day to consider the threatened in
vasion of grasshoppers. District Attor
ney Bal^r advised the -board that it would
be Justmed in ordering the burning of any
pasture lands which protected or held the
pests. The board decided to order at once
the burning of all pasture lands necessary
for the destruction of the grasshoppers.
WILLOWS, June 11.— The plague of
grasshoppers is threatening in the north
ern part of Glenn County, and the farm
ers and orchardists are worried over the
possibility of the destruction of their
crops.. All signs have pointed to f enor
mous crops of fruit and grain, but the
'hoppers have during the past two days
made their appearance in countless thou
sands around Orland. It was reported to
day that 400 young trees in one orchard
near that town have been stripped of
their foliage and ruined. All sorts of
schemes for getting rid of the pests are
being tried.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rancher Nierhoff Receives
Mortal Wound From
William Glover.
ties Invaded by the
Insect Army.
i
Consternation in Many Coun-
Auburn Young Man Re
sents Objection to
His Suit.
Destroy Grove Contain
ing Four Hundred
Young Trees.
SHOOTS FATHER
0F SWEETHEART
HOPPERS ATTACK
GLENN ORCHARDS
ESCAPED CONVICTS FIRE
UPON PURSUING POSSES
OREGON /'EXECUTIVE i WHO
ORDERED j 0UT /MILITIA. VTO
I CA]PTthiiE S?^ilNALS.C g£j . 7
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Juiie 11.— "Well,
gentlemen, the anthracite strike is com-
P'etf. and we are going to win."
This emphatic statement was made to
the assembled newspaper correspondents
l£.(£T e vf lde i nt M "chell in his office at
1J%% headquarters to-night. With refer
£?nii 'SnVilJi?" . C f al 8trlke ln West Vir
ginia, Mitchell said: ...
"At present there are 28,500 mine work
ers on strike in the West Virginia, field.
Reports from Virginia, where there aro
3600 mine workers, ate incomplete, and I
therefore cannot say anything aa to that
State. I think we will win that State too.
Suspension in West Virginia will cut off
a large amount of, soft coal that is
shipped to the Atlantic seaboard, but
there Is no connection between the an
thracite strike here and the bituminous
suspension there.
"I received word from West Virginia
J- hi » morning that National Board mem
ber William Morgan and Organizers Hag
gerty, McKay, Springer, Noon, Poggan
inl and Edwards were arrested in Fair
mont to-day for alleged violation of an in
junction granted the operators. 1 do not
Know the exact purport of the injunction,
buf I believe the arrests were made on
the strength of fcn injunction granted in
1&97. I have wired to employ counsel, give
bond and have the injunction dissolved."
With the exception of a gathering of a
crowd at the William A colliery of the
Lehigh Valley Coal Company at Duryea,
the entire Wyoming Valley was very quiet
to-day. The operators and mining superin
tendents who consented to talk to-day
said there was no change In the situa
tion. ¦ . . - • ¦
COAL STRIKERS
ARE CONFIDENT
The posse- went to an ' orchard near l»y.
and Oscar iGleason of Salem saw. one of
the convicts in the ferns some distance
off. Qleason tired and the outlaw fell.
Four more shots were sent by Gleason
into the moving ferns. •
There is no reason to doubt that Tracy
and Merrill planned to trap the posse and
thus disorganize tho guards On the road
and make a break for a new locality.
Governor Geer arrived this evening to
look over the situation.
.BAKERSFIELD, June 11.— A prominent
oil operator of the West Side is authority
for the statement that the Southern Pa
cific and Santa Fe have determined to
construct a joint line of railroad along
the oil belt to tidewater. The engineers
who have been inspecting the proposition
have reported favorably and their report
has been accepted.. The new line, as pro
jected, will reach the coast near Port"
Harford.
BAILKOAD FBOM KERN
COUNTY TO TIDEWATER
The marriages were performed in the
following order: Hugo T. Hoke to Maggie
A. Fields; Lafayette F. McGrath to Nettie
Grace; John M. Warne to Jennie D.
Fugua. . -
The Judge almost staggered under the
suggestion, but he was equal to the task,
and standing the three couples across the
room, hand in hand, he married them, two
by two. There werfc.too many brides for
the Judge to kiss conveniently, but he
wished them all sorts of happiness.
SACRAMENTO, June 11.— Three blush
ing girls, accompanied by three young
men, caiiid down from Folsom this after
noon, procured marriage licenses from the
County Clerk, and repaired to the cham
bers of Superior Judge Shields.
"Judee," B ald the girls in concert, "we
want to get married — all in a row."
Hakes Six Folsom Hearts
Beat as Three.
HIM HONOR OFFICIATES
* AT A TRIPLE WEDDING
Superior Judge Shields of Sacramento
VALLEJO, June 11.— M. J. Geary com
mitted suicide this morning by shooting
himself with a revolver. The death of
Geary's son, through a bicycle accident a.
year ago, preyed heavily upon his mind.
He left a wife and two daughters.
Son's Death Leads to Suicide.
SAN JOSE, June 11.— This city is to
have a new popular-price amusement
housv The Auditorium, which has been
leased by George Webster and / Stanley
Ross of San Francisco. It is to be refitted
and made Into a comfortable family thea
ter. It will be opened about August 1.
New Theater for San. Jose.
STOCKTON, June 11.— P. Sorenson,
agent at Oakland for the San Francisco
Chronicle, was drowned in Middle River
on Monday evening while swimming. He
left a Wife and one child, a boy 13 years
of age. Mr. Sorenson was 68 years of ags.
Drowned in Middle River.
Speaking of the showers of ashes that
are reported in the explosions at Kilauea
last Sunday, Professor Lyons says that
was quite unusual. He says that Kilauea
has welled up with lava.
The moon is new at this time, and Prc
fessor Lyons would not be surprised to
hear that by July 4 or thereabouts there
was considerable activity in the Hawaiian
volcanoes. The . first eruption of Mount
Pelee took place about the time the new
moon was showing, and again an erup
tion took place when the moon was at the
full.
EXPECTS GBEAT ACTIVITY.
Professor Curtis J. Lyons of Honolulu
predicts volcanic disturbances on. the Isl
ands. In an interview he points to the
coincidence that at the present time the
atmospheric conditions are practically in
keeping with volcanic disturbances, and
that the same causes which produce the
sultry weather on the islands produce
such eruptions. The moon and sun are
just now overhead.
Along the eastern coast of Hawaii and
seventy-five miles from Kilauea earth
quakes were experienced on May 31. and
again during the latter part of the week.
Buildings were shaken by the shocks but
no serious damage was done.
The Aorangi brought news of a volcanic
eruption farther south. From Fiji news
was received of an earthquake and vol
canic disturbance at Mount Lautoka on
April 30. The vibrations ; were felt for
several seconds, traveling from north to
south. No serious damage resulted. . .
SERIES OF EARTHQUAKES. *
At Kilauea just prior to the departure
of the^ steamer for Honolulu the liauna
Loa\r purser received a further message
from MaWer Waldron announcing that
the ivolcanbo was still, spouting forth
smoki. and steam in large volumes and
that an earlyi outbreak on a large scale
was expected. A : ' \ .- ¦
According jt*r reports from Hookena the
volcano -waa seen?, to flash fire on the
night of-May 23-21.' Several visitors ar
riving at Honolulu reported having sight
ed the flashes of fire, Captain Townsend
of the schooner Eclipse saying that he
saw them quite plainly. - ' .
Purser 1 . Simerson . received telephonic
messages from Manager Waldron of the
Volcano House to the effect that tha
aecond eruption was much greater in vio
lence than the first, and sent out a very
large quantity of. ashes and sulphur. 0m/
a slight trembling of the earCh accompa
nied the outbreak.
SECOND ERUPTION" VIOLENT.
lit was at 9 o'clock in the morning that
the 'first eruption was noticed, and
Kilauea then sent up clouds of red ashes,
sulphur and smoke. The second explosion
followed at noon and was similar to the
first. Neither caused any. damage, but
the. natives living in the vicinity of the
volcano were greatly excited and a more
serious outbreak .was t'eared". Purser
Simerson of the Mauna Loa reported that
smoke and steam were still arising in
grta't volumes, and it was the belief in
Honolulu that the volcano would soon be
throwing up larger clouds of volcanic
matter..
VICTORIA, B. C, June- 11.— The steamer
Mauna. L <qa, which had arrived at ixono
lulu from the west coast of Hawaii short
ly- before ' the steamer Aorangi, which
reached here to-day, sailed from the isl
and port, brought news to the Hawaiian
capital which created great excitement.
Kilauea, the vfclcano on the island of
Hawaii, was in eruption on June 1. There
were two eruptions, in the form of gas
explosions, the second occurring about
three hours after the first.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Scientist Predicts Great . Activity in
the Smoldering Island Cones
v During the Month of
July.
¦Disastrous Seismic
-Disturbances.
Residents" of Honolulu Fear
Hawaii's Great Volcano
Is Now in Violent
'Eruption.
ASHES RISE
FROM CRATER
OF KILAUEA
' M. Fass, a hat and cap maker, swore to
a complaint before Judge Fritz ; yesterday
afternoon' for the arrest of "John ¦ Doe"
on a charge of battery. He said he had
lost $63 at poker in the Cafe Royal, and
when he went there yesterday and asked
for a dollar he was grabbed by the arms
and thrown out by the cashier.
Thrown Out of Cafe Royal.
One movement in particular Is being
figured on. This is a concentration of
the forces of the retail grocers in one or
ganization to meet the question of the
proposed raising of the liquor license. The
Retail Grocers' Association has now
nearly 500 members, but as there are 1400
grocers in the city, this leaves in the
neighborhood of 900 retail dealers who
have not allied themselves with their fel
lows. It is expected to have a member
chip of at least 1000 before election time,
and a mass meeting of retail grocers la to
be held on Wednesday, June 25, when
steps will be taken to have each grocer in
the association take up the work of se
cuiing the co-operation of his neighbors.
Alex McDonald.-well known among local
commercial men, has been chosen as sec
retary of. the association, to fill the Va
cancy caused by the resignation of John
C. Stammer, who was i forced to retire on
account of ill health.
The Retail Grocers' Association has,de
cided to tackle the problem, of suppress
ing the ubiquitous trading stamp. It in
tends using the method that has been
successful on the other side of the bay,
viz., securing the agreement of the indi
vidual'retail grocers not to use these ex
pensive parasites for a limited time.
Taken to Protect Members Who
Sell. Liquor.
2Tew Secretary Appointed and Steps
GROCERS TO ¦ FIGHT
.' * '' T£E TRADING STAMP
Knight & Heggerty, as attorneys for
the executors of the Fargo will, secured
a delay in the legal steps about to be
taken in behalf of Miss Dutrit, with the
result that the matter never came up in'
court, Offers were made ¦' the French
claimant in order that a long legal battle
might be avoided. She finally consented,
and through former Judge Sanderson
notified the executors; that she would
waive all claims against the Fargo es
tate upon the receipt of $9000.
Fargo in his will bequeathed $80,000 to
Edward Fargo, a son of Miss Dutrit.
Fargo died two years ago, leaving an
estate Valued at $380,000 to his nieces and
grandnieces. His most intimate friends
had never heard that he had been mar
ried, and consequently they were great
ly surprised when former Judge A. A.
Sanderson came forward and announced
himself as the legal representative of
Jennie Dutrit of Paris and prepared to
commence an action to secure a widow's
share of the estate. Miss Dutrit claimed
that she had been married to Dutrit in
1872 at Gretna Qreen, Scotland.
A. A. Sanderson, attorney for Miss Jen
nie Dutrit of Paris, will present a peti
tion next Friday asking for leave to com
promise the claim against the estate of
the late Calvin F. Fargo, whose widow
she claims to be. Mis* Dutrit has con
sented to withdraw her claim against the
estate of the late liquor dealer upon the
payment to her of $9000.
WILL WITHDRAW
WIDOW'S CLAIM
The pursuers had not retreated far when
a shot was sent at them from the direc
tion of the barricade. The plan of the fu
gitives was now apparent. They wished
to tempt their pursuers to a disastrous at
tack. The position of the criminals was
such as to give them command of the lane
in the hollow and each member of the
posse could have been picked off without
a show of resistance. - "~
FIRE AT THE POSSE.
: A halt : was called, but David Sullivan
and a number of others In the posse
wished to* continue. The pursuit had so
excited them that "they became careless.
Durbin commanded that all return, say
ing that It was useless to proceed and
sacrifice good lives for j those of the
"scrubs" in hiding. After a protest the
posse consented. . - ¦
A carefully planned ambuscade was
prepared by Tracy and Merrill this after
noon, which the pursuing posse narrowly
escaped. Six shots were exchanged be
tween the outlaws and the officers. There
were no casualties. ¦'-.-•¦
Merrill and Tracy were discovered in a
wheat field at 3 o'clock by Benjamin Fish
er, a Salem youth, -who : was with the
militiamen from Woodbum. The tugitives
saw the guards at the same time and
concealed themselves. Fisher would have
fired, but was prevented by the militia.
"Word was sent to Sheriff Durbin, who
was with Guard Carson and the blood
hounds in another direction. The dogs
were quickly placed in the field, where a
search began for the scent. The animals
ran back and forth along the fence until,
passing out tha other side, they struck a
warm trail and followed it rapidly. The
trail led the pursuers into a shady lane
which suddenly dipped into a gully.
Before descending Carson glanced on
the other side, through the tree branches,
and saw a natural barricade of stones
across the path. Fearing an ambuscade,
he talked with Durbin, who entertained
a similar premonition. *=i>.->B.o:--:- -
PLAN AN AMBUSCADE.
and followed It to the stretch of timber
where the outlaws are now in hiding. The
pair were heavily ,armed. having taken
away the guns of two of the posse in Ger
vals last night. -..¦•.
Tw# members of the posse were return-
Ing home in a buggy at 10 o'clock when
they were held up and their guns and
buggy appropriated. Tracy . and Merrill
drove away after entering a house in the
village and securing food. An hour later
the horse returned without a driver. ' t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ JUNE 12, 1902.
2
::: : f~^^^~^^^Dyspepsia Is Catarrti of the ;:
I /^^^Skl^l HaDy Wom8a~la?8 Catarrti :;
|! /^^^^| O J fl» StoiacH and Do Not j
;; jlil^ '^'Wmm Cures Catarrh Wlter- ;:
: : ¦• *ij pM igL jil i ' fn^ eYer * i0Catei *- t
vJl! \\9~ -OiSaW ' I F0r the moSt acute caaes ot dyspepsia
vTv 1 "^ *va/ 'and the most chronic and stubborn case3
i . | « vt^L • ¦ Jt/ A c^ ca * arr k °^ *k* stomach Peruna is an
ft\ N&w'SX ]/*~*^J/ JjI I ' ' Mr# E * E " Oaston ot Milton, Iowa, in a
Vco2_ -xsA Mi^^&y >y*q J < recent letter to Dr. Hartman, says':
i ; .. j " . '"My. wife . has been sick with stomach
\ A-i^-!--g- ¦ =__</ ' trouble for almost three years.
i f~< ' — ¦ ?\ \ ' "During that time we doctored with
Hrn« Aunmi ki~-.~~ I !*>«•«• °* th « b€3t doctor* in this part of
' MISS AMANDA MOORF P <•"•• country, but they did her no good.
. j 1 110 J nl IglWH. i IUU1 \L, I , Sne fell off ln flesn f ron , 134 pound3 s to g,
[[ \ .--¦.. J| ¦ pounds, and was unable to do anything:
I '"-T-r-rr-n- ' ¦ , <f | in fact, was confined to her bed a good
• ¦¦«.. ... ttt , i,,. ,,,,,,,, *r grt of the time. Everything Bhe ate she
... ' •• ,, , ' _. _, would throw up, even water. The last
MISS MOOre Suffered fOr YearS Wltll doctor we had examined her and said
/i_i B __t,_i r\ „ t a jj *»he h » d cancer of the stomach, and said
tatarriiai Dyspepsia — Ordinary he could -do her no good except to gi VO
RpmPflfPS FaiM tt\ fnM P» m na her somethIn S to relieve the pain, ana
nCMGUltJ!) fdlHJQ 10 tlire— re-rU-na that he would not advise us to have an
Made Hfir Wfill aUd StrflTig operation performed. This coming from,
iuauo nor HCU ttllU 0lTU_ o . one whom I have always bad great conn-
, ' -___ dence in, you cannot imagine my feellnjjs
Misa Amanda Moore, Marshall, Tex., -nd thoughts.. ,„•'
writes: - , »it was then we decided to quit doctor-
"] -have suffered for several years past i n g and try Peruna, and from the begin-
Si^^wS^ufSr^P^^i^SJ *{?* » h h elpc * h - S **J £"_____£ 1°
it was my. fate to suffer through this life. I a11 the housework. She Is gaining in
Irfist winter I took Peruna for a severe flesh, and I think will soon be back to her
catarrh, the effects of a cold, and you former weight,
can Imagine my Joy when I found that "To make a long story short, we owe
cat a rTh n but f h 1 pi r n^ e^v n St«n n^H UrCd my h « »*« 4< > Peruna. for I am satisfied ha*
catarrh but helped my dyspepsia. W<J nOt trled u ahe would now be , n tha
"/ took thrae bottles and found grave."
myself well and strong. I can now , ll t you do n , ot derive prompt and satis-
'. . ... .. * .... factory results from the use ot Peruna.
eat heartily end have gained twelve write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
naund* ani. hnua nnnrl r>*a*nn 4n ful1 statement of your case, and he will
pounas, ani* nave gooa reason to gIad to glve you hl3 valuaole a dvic»
praise Peruna. — Miss Amanda gratis. •
i« „ Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
moors. Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
How to buy furniture
and carpets
without ready
We will loan you the money for a regular banking
: - rate of intereit — six per cent And you can pay txs
back little by little in unfelt amounts Then you can
go to one of the first-class furniture stores, with whom
we have made special arrangements, where the stock is
• big and fresh. and where satisfaction is certain, and
when you have made your selection you can pay 'your
bill in full with good, hard cash.
Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
and being compelled to select your goods from smaller
and inferior stocks?
The installment stores charge you ten per cent
above their cash prices when you. ask for long credit
All you pay us is six per cent.
For example: If your purchases amount to $10000
we will charge you $106.00— which is a six per cent
advance; then you pay us $20.00 cash and the balance
in monthly payments amounting to $8.60 each month
If your purchases amount to $75-Oo we will charge you
$79.50; you make us a cash payment on this of $1500
and pay the balance at the easy rate of $6.45 p er
T You BTe fou f P"" cent - Yo« have the great privi-
lege of buying in a first-class store, and yet you get
all the advantages of the easy payment plan as offered
by the installment houses! „•
No amount of money is too small for us to loan.
Worth looking into, don't you think?
o ¦ ' ', 1 ¦ — : — -
Govld, SvIIivan 5 Co.,
(BEM0VED TO)
Room 1403 "Call" Building,
TcL John 2336. Corner Market and Third Sts.
ADVEBTISEME-TTS.
cozy coaches'
Lighted as iir is witK re__l electric
!\§kts 2-nd luxuriously appointed
the most brilliantly beautiful traixv
in the world is tKe CALIFORNIA LIMITED
BBBBBBeSBBBBQBHBBHBHIiBE!
DE!EgSaBBHB-gBBHHEBaaBBIH
SUNDAY CALL I
JUNE 15, 1902.
BBBBH3BBSBBBeSB&-{BBSSSa
BEJ_BSE_JSSa3HE_SE[_EE_i_iE_S
EEgSBEBBEEBgEEBBHBEBEB
The Sundau . Call's Special Cor-
respondent Graphlcallu Relates
His Experience Within the
Shadow of Burning Mt.
BY G G CASLTON.
SEnaEHESeBSEeEEkTEBaEiBEH
HBEBKEEHSHEHESEBEBKHHD
The Outing Season Is at Hand.
Illustrated Pages cf Bathing Girls, Campers, the Arks and
the Inhabitants Thereof, Yachts and Their Fair"
Crews } also the Canyon Seekers.
, EBBBBBBEBPBBBBBBBBBBBB
EQ2EE_?SBB3BESEE_iEE2EE5Ba
CnEDHBaEgEBBBBEgaEEgga
An American Girl J s Experience as^ :
South African Baroness. •
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBEIBBBBBHfl
BESSESKEBEHHEEEBSKIKEEa
BEgEBgBBHBEHBBEBBBBBBH
A Dau With a Minister.
BY BERTHA SMITH. -
cnEBEEEBBEHESBBasaanrsa
GEEBBBHBEBBHKEBEEESSEa
-5DD---_--_B-E---iaB__B
How to Furnish the Piazza 'for
Summer.
CBEBBBHf_BaBB_j_!i_aS3Saa!_!a
EEBEEErSEEEEEBEIBEEr-BEEa
EnBBEgnBHEBBBHBEBEBBBg
The Oakland Elks, Maaic Puzzles
and Human Interest Stories,
• EBSEBGSHEKSEEti-inSSBEBB
BBRBflflBBBBBBBBHEBHBIIBa
ill . f*O_^ jToULlf^ ///
«R^ il _^J_I ceedlngly handy and^ura- vA
Ulillll ITljJlMI Till' " WA __-_OSBKa ' b i?- Haa two extra trays; \\\
Kj^^^a r I \ -cagflPfflR?fH3s a N heavy brass trimmings ¦• : 111
H&illill! _j_jyk_^stf^A\( SI and extra stron * leath^ r §15
BO 1 • ¦ BAGS^ I _? BPr r S'F? A^°" 1Continued from Page One.
TORNADO PASSES OVER-TWO STATES
The orator of the day was General Hor
ace Porter, Embassador to France. He
reviewed the interesting history of the
academy, and spoke eloquently of the
great names associated with it. In con
cluding he counseled the graduates to
maintain a steadfast devotion to the
country.
Secretary of "War Root delivered a
short address. - *
At the banquet in th© evening the toast
master was Judge Advocate General G.
B. Davis. The toasts were: "Our Guesta,"
responded to by the Italian Embassador,
Signor Des Planches; "American Uni
versities and Colleges," by Dr. William
R. Harper, president of the University of
Chicago: "Congress and Its Relations to
the Military Academy," David B. Hen
derson, Speaker of the House of Repre
sentatives; "The Army," General Miles;
"The Navy," Captain French E. Chad
wick; "The Staff and the Army Schools,"
Adjutant General Corbln; "The Volun
teers," Majd^ General Daniel E. Sickles;
"The National Guard," Major General
Dick of Ohio National Guard.
Gentlemen, I do not intend to preach to you
on th« performance of your duties here, but
It is your special business to learn them. I do
not ask you to remember the difference in the
military profession from what it has been in
the past, and to remember continually that
soldiership does not consist of excellence on
the parade-ground, but efficiency in actual
service on the field, and that the usefulness,
and really great usefulness, of the parade
grounds and barracks work comes in its being
used, not as an end. but as one of the ele
ments to the end. I do not ask you to re
member what you can't forget, th© lesson of
loyalty, of courage, of steadfast adherence to
the highest standards of honor which all men
draw in when they breathe the atmosphere of
this great Institution.
served in time of peace a couple of years In an
Eastern garrison he practically had next to
nothing outside the parade ground and bar
racks to do. or if he had been in an ordinary
National Guard regiment, that one of two
things was true — if he had understood that he
had only learned 5 per cent of war he was
that 5 per cent better than any one else, and
that was a big advancement, and if he had
thought that he .had learned the other 05 per
cent, he was worse than any one else.
Now, gentlemen, that Is not surprising. That
Is what we have a right to expect from this
military university founded by the nation. But
I am glad that the expectation has been made
good, and of all the Institutions in this coun
try none is more absolutely American, none
more. In the proper sense of the -word, abso
lutely democratic than this. Here we care
nothing for the boy's birthplace, for^the boy's
Colonel Mills, I claim to be a historian, and
I soeak simply as a reciter of facts when I
say -what I have said, and more than that —
not merely has West Point contributed a
greater number of the men who stand highest
on the nation's honor roll, but I think beyond
Question that taken as a whole the average
graduate of West Point during this hundred
years has given a greater amount of service to
the country during his life than has the aver
age graduate of any other- institution in this
broad land.
Colonel Mills, the graduates of West Point
and you men and women who are drawn to
them by ties of citizenship or by the simple
fact that you are Americans, and therefore of
necessity drawn to them: I am glad to have
the chance of saying a word to you to-day.
There is little need for me to say how well
your performance has compared with prophetic
promise made on your behalf by the greatest
of Americans — Washington. This institution
has comDleted its first hundred years of life.
During that century no other educational in
stitution in the land has contributed as many
names as West Point has contributed to the
honor roll of the nation's citizens.
PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.
immediately after luncheon the hun
dreds of visitors sought Memorial Hall,
a new stona structure, where the exer
cises were held. The President, escorted
by the cadets and leading a notable party
of officers, came across ttie parade ground
and soon after his entrance the speaking
began. Colonel Mills made an address of
welcome, and then introduced President
Roosevelt, who said, In part:
While the reception which followed the
review was in progress Governor Odt>ll
arrived and paid his respects to the Pres
ident and joined the official circle of vis
itors.
President Roosevelt's party included
Secretary Root, Secretary Moody, Post
master General Payne. Secretary Cortel
you and Miss Carew, the President's sis
ter-in-law. The President was met at
the station by Superintendent Mills and
his staff and the staff of the academy.
When the President reached the crest a
salute of twenty-one guns was fired. The
cadets were drawn up in line on the pa
rade ground.' The President was driven
to the home of Colonel Mills, and then
he walked across the street to the pa
rade grounds and reviewed the cadets.
Grouped about the President were Post
master General Payne, Secretary Root,
General Horace Porter. Secretary Cor
telyou and a large number of officers and
other officials. ln,the course of the re
view Cadet- Calvin P. Titus was called
from the ranks to face the President,
who pinned a gold medal for bravery on
his breast and spoke a few words to him
after an order had been read announcing
the award of the medal to Titus for
gallant and daring conduct at the battle
of Peking, China, being the tirst to scale
the wail of the Chinese city.
The day's activity began with, the ar
rival of the President, and then came a
review of the cadets, a reception at the
home of the superintendent of the acad
emy, Colenel. Mills, the formal exercises
and speeches in Memorial Hall after
luncheon and the dress parade at sun
down. A banquet with more than 500
guests was held in the evening.
my reached its climax to-day.
President Roosevelt was the chief guest,
and there was a brilliant crowd, includ
ing army and navy oflicers,. Cabinet offi
cials, ladies in bright costumes and hand
somely uniformed diplomats.
Tf \T T? E ST. POINT, N. Y., June 11.—
V^ y\ / - The celebration of the one
\i/\u hundredth anniversary of the
V V West Point Military Acade-
DISTINGUISHED VISITORS 'AT
WEST POINT AND VIEW OF
MILITARY ACADEMY.
HAVANA, June 1L— C. F. W. Neeley.
who, on March 24. was sentenced to ten
years' imprisonment and to pay a fine of
$56,701 for complicity In the Cuban postal
frauds, was released to-day under the bill
signed by President Palma June 9 grant-
Ing amnesty to all Americans convicted of
crimes in. Cuba during the term of the
American occupation and those awaiting
trial. .- . •
Neeley Gains His Liberty.
DAMAGE IH IOWA
DES MOINES. Iowa, June 11.— Very
meager details of the storm, that passed
over Central Iowa have been received. It
is known that the storm struck the town
of Jordan, a few miles east of Boone.
It is reported that no lives were lost, but
that some of the buildings of the place
were destroyed. Oskaloosa reports con
siderable damage from the wind.
Grinnell reports that the town of
Laurel, Marshall County, was destroyed
by a tornado last night. Laurel is in Jef
ferson Township, Marshall "County, and
has a population not to exceed 100
people.
CORWITH, Iowa, June 11.— A tornado
struck an empty excursion train on the
Iowa Central a few miles east of here last
night and blew three cars from the track
while the train was running thirty miles
an hour. The engine and two last coaches
remained on the track. No one was hurt.
Thirteen locomotives owned by the Illi
nois Central, two owned by the Iowa
Central, four owned by the Toledo, Pe
orla and Western, and five owned by the
Big Four, were wrecked.
.The storm struck Morton, a small vil
lage fifteen miles below here, and Ed
ward Beeman was killed by a falling
timber.
A farmer named Ellison was killed
while attempting to save his horses.
The Peorla and Peking roundhouse was
blown down shortly after 10 o'clock- Sam
uel Spence, an Iowa Central engineer,
was caught by the falling walls and se
riously injured. •
George Reardon, an employe of the elec
tric company, was instantly killed to-day
by a live. wire while repairing the storm
damage-at Glen Oak Park.
PEORIA, 111., June 1L— The double
storm that struck Peorla at 10 o'clock last
night and again at 2 o'clock this morning
was the worst that has been experienced
since 1843. Rain fell In torrents and the
damage caused by the high winds is ines
timable at this time. Probably the worst
damage in proportion to the size of the
tftwn was at Kingston, a small mining
town twenty miles below Peoria, There
three persons were killed outright and ten
were injured, three fatally.
The dead: .Mrs. Thomas Murray, infant
child of Mrs. Murray, Mrs. Robert Mc-
Elwee.
VICTIMS OP STORM.
two sisters were found locked In each
other's arms. Miss Kelly was being pulled
through a window by Clement Spencer
when the structure collapsed. • Spencer
was hurt Internally and may die. Many
other persons were injured.
At Merna In addition to the town hall
the Kinzella implement house was lev
eled and many other structures destroyed.
The new Methodist church at Twin Grove
was demolished, involving a loss of $10,
000. Wesleyan University lost its roof and
cupola, aggregating a loss of $25,000.
proud to be an American and a fellow-citizen
of such people.
Your business here at West Point has been
to teach men to do well In war, but it is a
noteworthy .fact that you have also taught
them to do well in peace. The highest political
positions in the land have been held, not ex
ceptionally, but again and again, by West
Pointers. Colonel Mills. I make the answer
that any man who Is asked the question must
make when I say that, while we would have
the right to expect that West Point would do
well, we could . not have expected that she
would have done so very well as she has done.
And now in closing. I want to say one word
to those* who are graduates and the younger
graduates as well. I was greatly struck the
other day by an article of one of your in
structors here, himself a graduate of West
Point. In. which, he dwelt upon the- changed
condition of warfare and of the absolute need
that a man who was to be a good officer should
I want, you to weigh what I say, for if you
take only half of it you will invert what I
say. I found in my regiment that the best
man was the man who had been in . the reg
ular army . In actual service out In Western
campaigning on the plains, that if he had been
a good "man In the regular army, out on the
plains, he was the- best man that I could get
hold of; and, on the other hand, If bo had
•meet these changed conditions. I* think It Is,
going to be a great deal harder to be a first-,
class officer in the future than it has been in
the past. - I think that In addition to tho cour
age and steadfastness that: have.- always .been,
the prime requisites in a soldier, you have eot
to" show . a , far greater power of individuality
than has been- necessary before, if you are go
ing to get up to the highest level of officer-like
performance of duty.
As has been well said, the developments of
war. in' the last few years have shown that the
unit will not be 'tha regiment or the company,
but the unit will be the individual man. If
he does not know how to shoot, how to 'shift
for himself, how both to obey . orders- and to ac
cept responsibility whii an emergency comes,
he. won't- have any orders to obey. If , he is
not able. to do all of that you had better have
him out of ' the army. In a battle hereafter
each man is going to be to a considerable ex
tent alone. - It will be ' so that the youngest
officers 4 will" have to take much of the respon
sibility that in former wars fell , on their
seniors, and many of the enlisted men" will have
to do most of their work without the super
vision of any officer. The man will have to
act largely, alone, and If he shows a tendency
to huddle up to some one else his usefulness Is
pretty - near at an end. If he is nervous, so
that he. want3 to feel the touch of elbows, ht
had better be out of the battle: and you offi
cers, if you are going: to do well, have got to
learn how to perform the duty which is so
essential.- The task is a hard one and you
want to face that task. You want to realize
that, more than ever before, the honor or the
ehame of the country depends upon the high
1 average of character and capacity of the offi
cers : and enlisted men. and that high average
of character and capacity in the enlisted man
can to a large degree only be obtained through
you. the officers: and that you have got to de
vote your time in bringing up to the standard
the fighting efficiency of the men under you,
not merely . In doing your duty so that you
cannot be called to account -for failure to per
form it, but doing it in a way that will make
each man under you able to perform his.
The people in Hermoslllo think the Ya
qui uprising was crushed by the recent
Mexican victories, but Americans in So
nera believe the slaughter will only causa
the rebellion to spread among now peace
able Indians, and that It will break out
with Increased fury.
The Yaqui force3 are led by a former
Mexican rancher, whom they rescued,
from .the Jail at .Ur.es. He was a man of
much prominence, but was arrested for
smuggling and sentenced to thirty years'
imprisonment. A party of Yaqui spies
entered Ures, outwitted the Jailer and
rescued the imprisoned rancher, who goes
by the name of Martinez. He bad always
been kind to Yaqui laborers when a pro
prietor. They had great confidence in
him. and it is reported that he has been
directing their movements and has taken
a place similar to that occupied by Chief
Maldonado, who was at the head of the
Yaquis during the raid which ended six
years ago. Maldonado was afterward
killed, and for a long time the Yaquis
have been without a leader.
Colonel Christy says that rurales and
regulars have orders to kill all male Ya
quis found out of employment. This was
Illustrated yesterday, when a friendly
Yaqui miner went to Prietas for supplies
and was killed by the rurales on the out
skirts of the town.
DEATH TO ALL- YAQUIS.
Colonel Christy said that, as a rule,
the yaquis do not molest Americans, al
though four Americans were killed by
the Indians a few days ago nine miles
north of Minas Prietas. Colonel Christy
and his party, guided by an American
who spoke the Yaqui language, rode on
mules- overland from his mines on th»
Yaqui River to Hermosillo, a distance of
ninety miles. They met many Yaquia,
but were not molested when they ex
plained their errand.
The report of the merciless massacre
has caused great Indignation in Southern
Arizona, many of the Americans being in
sympathy with the Yaquis. There are
many people in Hermosillo who do not
approve of the tactics of Torres and Her
nandez. The majority of the population,
however, was anxious to avenge the des
perate battle at Aguajito, where so many
Mexican privates and two gallant officers
lost their lives. General Torres was at
Minas Prietas when the slaughter in
Ulvala Canyon took place.
General Hernandez excused the slaugh
ter by saying that it was impossible to
separate the women and children; that ho
had orders to kill all Yaqui men and that
the women and children had to be sacri
ficed.
EXCUSE OP HEBNANDEZ.
The women and children who escaped
numbered two hundred and eighty-four,
according to the official report of General
Torres. A dispatch from Hermoslllo says
that they arrived there to-day, . escorted
by a heavy guard.
At daylight they opened fire on men,
women and children alike, killing indis
criminately. The troops kept firing as
long as there was a Yaqui alive. When
they finally ceased firing, eighty-seven
Yaqui men had fallen and one hundred
and thirty women and children, many of
the- latter infants, were lying dead in tha
narrow canyon.
under the command of General Augustine
Garcia Hernandez hemmed in the Yaquis
in Ulvala Canyon, in the Mazatan Moun
tains. About one hundred Y^jui men were
guarding the women and children, while
the main body of the army was near
Santa Rosa. The troops under Hernandez
were guided to the scene of the subse
quent slaughter on Sunday night by loyal
Yaqui scouts and completely surrounded
'the Indians.
Continued from Page One.
SOLDIERS REVEL IH CARNAGE,
"STOCKTON. June Hi— The body of Dennis "
.O'Raurke_who.had..been.a resident.of.Stoekton
for twenty years, was found floating in Stock
ton Channel early this morning. He is believed
to have committed- suicide. ' .; ' • ¦
"I was tryinp to get out of the way of
a car." said Hoffman. , . .
".What you wanted," retorted the Judge,
"was to • kill some women and children.
I am determined to make an- example pf
men who drive • recklessly on a crowded
thoroughfare, but I will continue this case
till to-morrow, . so that the officers .can
subpena the man who grabbed hold of the
reins." - ''.' -' '¦ \ -~- ¦ .
Immediately after- the close of- the
Shriners' parade Wednesday night a num
ber of men, women and children had nar
row escapes from being run over by reck
less drivers of vehicles on Market street
'One of the worst cases was that o
Charles Hoffman, driver of a victoria foi
M. Midhelsen & Son. He drove from th<
direction of the ¦ ferry at a rapid speed
and several people had barely time to ge
out of the way of the horses.- At Powel
and Market, streets he drove recklesslj
through a crowd of men, women and chil
dren. One of the men grabbed hold of th<
reins and Hoffman - tried to strike hin
with his whip, using at the same timi
abusive languages Hoffman was placec
under arrest by Polilceman Naylor on ?
charge of disturbing the peace. Just the-
Corporal Adams appeared and said he ha
been trying to catch Hoffman for hi!
reckless . driving along the street. - -
"Hoffman appeared before Judge Frit:
yesterday, and after hearing the test!
mony, of the two officers he characterizet
Hoffman's conduct as shameful. '
ation to Hake an Example of
Charles Hoffman.
Judge Fritz Expresses His Determin
DROVE RECKLESSLY INTO
• CROWD ON MARKET . STREET
FUNCHAL, Madeira, June 1L— Brigadier
General Sir Frederick John '. Lugarn, the
British" High Commissioner ' of Northern
Nigera; and Miss Flora L. Shaw, the au
thor-journalist and head of the colonial
department of the ' London Times, ¦ were
married to-day. , f , . .... . '_:T. '.¦?.
General Marries an Author.
• Army orders announce that Captain
William B. Rochester Jr., paymaster, will
report to Colonel Frank M. Coxe,, presi
dent of the examining board. Presidio
of San -Francisco, -for- examination -for,
promotion. Colonel Frank M. Coxe, as
sistant paymaster general, is detailed as
ai member of the examining board. Pre
sidio of San Francisco, vice Major Charles
W. Hobbs. relieved during examination of
Captain W. B. Rochester Jr. Captain
Donald P. McCord,' assistant .surgeon,
now at San Francisco, is- assigned—to
duty as transport surgeon on the War
ren. Major Thomas Cruse, quartermas
ter, Is relieved from duty in , the Philip
pines and ordered to San Francisco for
further orders." Major William -P. Ken
dall, surgeon, is relieved from . duty at
Fort Porter, N. Y.. and will go to San
Francisco to the command of the general
hospital, Presidio,: relieving .Colonel Al
fred C GIrard, ordered to the - surgeon
general's office, Washington, D. C.
¦WASHINGTON, June 11.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced : . . Postof
fices established— Oregon— Cold Spring,
Crook County. Postmasters commissioned
—Oregon— Joel Flannery, Butler; Marga
ret R- Gibson, Cold Spring:. Appointed-
California— Chestlna Clark, Delrey, Fres
no County, vice J. C. • Clark, deceased.
Washington— F. A. . Mooers, South Park,
King County, vice O. O. McAllister, re
moved. '
These pensions were granted: California
— Original— Frederick I. Currier, . San
Francisco, $10. War with Spain— Ernest
F. Jurgensen, Ocean View, 58. Increase —
John . H. Shaffer, Napa, $17; Herman B.
Ensign, Fortuna, $12; Albert Matthews,
Coronado, $8; George W. Fisher, .Na
tional Soldiers' ¦ Home, Los Angeles, $14;
Joseph W. Taylor, Sawtelle, $10; John
Ellickson, San Jose, $8.
Oregon— Original— Robert Z. Williams,
Ritter, $6. Minors of Nathaniel Daron,
Elgin, $18.
Washington — Increase — Clark Black,
Coupevllle, $10,
Navy orders announce . that Lieutenant
H. G. Gates is detached from the Naval
Academy and will go to San Francisco,
thence June 28 to the Asiatic station;
Lieutenant- M. H. Signor, detached; Na
val Academy, to Mohican, sailing from
San Francisco June 21. %
New Military and Naval
Orders.
OF DJTEREST TO " PEOPLE '
OF • THE PACIFIC " COAST
Changes in the Postal Service and
There was never a moment by day or night
that I was not an eye-witness of some per
formance of doty being done by a West
Pointer, and I never saw a West Pointer fail
ing in his duty. I want to be frank, gentle
men. You cannot get a body of men of abso
lutely uniform conduct, but I. am able, to Bay
it was my good fortune to see the role of
duty performed In a way that made: a man
COUNSEL FOB, CADETS.
grade, for his social standing: hers we care
nothing save for his worth • If he is able to
show. It. Here you represent with almost
mathematical exactness the country geographi
cally. You are drawn from e\ery walk of life
by a method of chance meant to insure and
which in a treat majority of cases does in
sure nothing but active youth. Here you come
together as representatives of America In I a
higher and more peculiar sense than can pos
sibly be true of anv other institution in the
land, save your sister college that makes sim
ilar preparations for the service of the country
on the seas. .<¦¦ -
This morninjc I have shaken hands with
many of you and |I have met the men who
stand a 8 representatives of every creat struK
gle, every great move this great nation has
made for the last fifty or sixty years. There
are still some left among the older of you who
took cart in the Mexican War, a struggle
which added to this country a territory vaster
than has changed hands in Kurope as the re
sult of all the wars of the last tw6 centuries.
I always delleht when I see any of the older
among you, men who took "part in the great
Civil War. when this nation was tried as j in
a furnace; when the men were called upon to
do the thing which had to be done under pen
alty of making the memory of Washington
himself worthless, because if you failed then
failure would have been written across the
record of his works. Finally, I see the younger
men as well as the older ones, the men whom
I have «een myself take part in a little war,
a war that was the merest skirmish compared
to the struggle In which you fought from 'CO
to 'tJ5, and yet a war that has had almost as
far reaching effects, not merely for the des
tiny of this nation, but therefore upon the des
tiny of the world — |he war with Spain — and it
was my good fortune to see in the campaign in
Cuba how the graduates - of West Point "han
dled themselves and to . endeavor to profit by
their examples, and it has become my pleasure
to come here to-day because I was at the time
intimately associated with many of your grad
uates.
• ¦ ¦*;¦ . - ¦ . .- ¦¦¦¦ ¦ : ¦ . u%& ¦ .>:.r*-r: ;¦.::-¦¦ ¦ . .,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1902.
PRESIDENT LAUDS WEST POINT'S FAMOUS SONS
AT CELEBRATION OF THE ACADEMY ANNIVERSARY
3
GENUINE
If your dear ones are not as hearty,
etrong and rugged as they should be in
June, try the health-giving virtues of
Palne's Celery Compound. It makes and
keeps the children welL
Thousands of wise and prudent parents
nave made their children happy, healthy
and vigorous by giving them nature's
medicine, Palne's Celery Compound. In
many severe and complicated cases
Paine's Celery Compound has restored
health, when the little ones were given up
by physicians.
In the home and at school the children
have their times of ill-health and suffer-
ing. We often note the pallia and blood-
less cheeks, heavy eyes, nervous move-
ments and twitchir.gs of limbs and mus-
cles. They complain of headache, drow-
siness, Treariness. dyspepsia and indiges-
tion. All such symptoms and ailments
mean that the seeds of disease will have
a fast and firm hold, unless proper meas-
ures are taken to restore a perfect condi-
tion of health.
The children. God bless them, are the
buds and flowers of our homes. Without
their prattle and hearty laughter our
homes would be desolate. They should
ever be carefully tended in childhood and
youth if we expect them to ripen into per-
fect men and women. >
tie Little Ones.
Metiers Make It the Home Medicine for
MAKES AND KEEPS THE CHILDREN
WELL AND' LTRONG.
COMPOUND
PAINE'S CELERY
Bads and Flowers of Home Life
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
You may have a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root and a book that tells more
about it, both sent absolutely free, by
mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
hamton. N. Y. .When writing mention
that you read this generous offer in tho
San Francisco Sunday Call. Don't make
any mistake, but remember the name.
Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address, Binghamton, N.' T., on
every bottle.
There is comfort in tho knowledge so
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp
Root, the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every wish in curing rheuma-
tism, pains in the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passage. It corrects inability to hold
water and scalding pain in passing it, or
bad effects following use of liquor, wine
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many times
during the night. Tho mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its
¦wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases. If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists In nf ty-
cent and one-dollar sizes.
WHAT TO DO.
Fill a bottle or common glass with your
water and let It stand twenty-four hours;
a sediment' or settling indicates an un-
healthy .condition of the kidneys - r if - it
stains the linen it is evidence of kidney
trouble; too frequent desire to pa3s it. or
pain in the back is also convincing proof
that the kidneys and bladder are out o£
order.
HOW TO FIND OUT.
.« Favorite Prescription" has the testi-
mony of thousands of women to its com-
plete cure of womanly diseases. Do not
accept an unknown and unproved sub-
stitute in its place. ' :
Pr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are the
best laxative for family use.
"I had been ailing 1 some time, troubled with
female weakness," writes Mrs. Wra. H. Johnson.
of Avoadalc, Chester Co., Pa. "Every month I
would have to lie on my back. I tried many
different medicines and nothing gave me relief
until I began Dr. Pierce's medicines, using two
bottles of ' Favorite Prescription ' and two of
'Golden Medical Discovery.' These medicines
have cured me. When I began vour treatment
I was not able to do Terv mucn. but now I do
the work for my family of nine, and feel better
to-day than I have for a year. I thank you.
doctor, from the bottom of my heart, for well
do I know that you are the one who cured me."
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter./^. All correspondence
strictly private and sacredly confidential.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Family cares and duties do not weigh
down the well woman, and the children
are never in her way. But when the
womanly health fails, and there is a con-
stant struggle ¦ with weakness and pain,
household duties are a burden almost
past bearing, and children are a cease-
less annoyance and worry.
Weak women are made strong and
sick women are made well by the use of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It
establishes regularity, dries disagreeable
drains, heals inflammation ana ulcera-
tion and cures female weakness.
Full-e!zed boxes of Golden Specific are for
tale In San Francisco by J. K. GATES & CO..
417 Sansome St. ;¦.--•- .
Quickly Cored at Home— Any Lady Can
i Do it— Costs Kothing to Try.
A new tasteless discovery which can be given in tea,
•offee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. C. T. U. and all
temperance workers. It doe* Its work so silently and
-curely that while the devoted wife, sister or daughter
looks on, the drunkard ti reclal tar d evrn acraiont htp will
and without his knowledge. Send v cur name and addresn
to Dr. J. W. Halnes, ft?4K Olenn. Elder., Cincinnati, O., and
I he will mall a trial package of Golden Specific free to
show how easily it is to cure drunkards with this remedy.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
' i — — —
STATEMENT,
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— or the —
Liverpool and
London and Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF UTEBPOOU EJCGLiAJfD. ON THB
Elrt day of December. A. D. 1901, and for
the year er.oir.e on that day, aa made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of tbe State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by tbe Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Keal Estate owned by Company.. $1,865,833 00
Xoana on Bonds and Uortg&ges.. 3,009,050 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bond* owned by Company. . 8,323,343 89
Cash la Company's Office 2,723 10
Cash In Backs 027,278 23 1
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 188 90
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 50,653 77
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 1.141.383 12
Bents dna and accrued 10,000 00
tme for P. P. Premiums 925 00
Total Assets .$10.316,391 03
LIABILITIES.
f i wiii adjusted and unpaid $6,978 39
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 603,910 65
Losses resisted. Including expenses 72.025 00
Grots premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $4,-
073,757 92; reinsurance at 60 per
cent 2,036,878 90
Grots premiums on Fire Risks
running: more than one year.
$1,023,501 79; reinsurance, pro
rata 2.266.907 26
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on Perpetual Fire Insur-
ance Policies 315,814 19
Liability under Life Department. . 81,303 88
Commission due 178.875 52
All other Liabilities 253.480 66
Total Liabilities $5.716.274 61
IXCOME.
yet cash actually received for
Fire premiums $5,502,416 51
Received for Interest on Bonds
H and mortgages 131.456 72
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans.
and from all other sources 90,546 92
Received from all other sources.. 86.447 53
Total Income $5,820,867 68
EXPENDITURES. ~
JCet amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $40,901 38, losses of
previous years) $3,769,548 67
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 924,924 72
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. S44.S80 35
Paid for State. National and
Local taxes 153,245 81
All other payments and expendi-
tures 359.324 10
Total Expenditures $5,551,923 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
•written during the
year f$S54,656.S041$S,199,861 81
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 783,986.087 7.130.9..1 17
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901. | 911.52S.314 8.037,259 61
HT W. EATON, Res. Manager.
GEO. W. HOTT. Deputy Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
Cay of January. 1902.
..;=•- W. H. "WTLDET,
Notary Public
Pacific Department
422 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,,
Res dent Secretary.
C. MASON KINNE,
Assistant Secretary.
Weak Men and Womet
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; elves health and
sirecith to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
CHARLES R. ALLEN,
AGENT.
Delivered to consumers in San Francisco,
Oakland and Alameda by all coal dealers.
NEW ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
This signature is on every box of the genuine
•^Laxative Bromo-QuimneTabieu
'th-j remedy that core* m cold in one day.
<ii>^il^^
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
IN THE : GOOD'
•' ¦ :;:-¦¦¦:•;-¦-- ; DAYS' 'V ' "^
1 *.','¦. ', '-/',¦ - .. . , . ¦.-¦-.
Powdered Wigs Formed an Important
Adjunct' toa Gentleman's -Apparel.-
i It is safe to say that the/ majority. jot
bald men of to T day , would' gladly j revive
the old, . dignified custom - If ; they . could. .
But, they; can do the next best thing 1 to
: it; that Is, to" revive the growth of the
hair, nature*, save; them. : ;,..:;.. ..
', In" cases* where" the. hair root or hair
bulb has not* been '..; completely destroyed
byparasitesthat Infest it.'Newbro'sHer'-
piclde will do wonders In the way of/atim-'
ulating the growth, of, lifeless and falling
hair— Destroy the cause, you. remove the
! effect. ' < That is the successful mission of
Herpiclde.. - :-..•-. - :-•,"-. ..........
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
PAUSE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
DR. KELMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
SIO^HP^ S SIC
$i(rs4£N§^$ic
Twenty years ago the modern liner of the Atlantic or Pacific was not y
¦, even a dream in the mind of the most fantastic idealist. To-day we see the |
ship which is a. veritable floating palace. The advance of civilization, the im- |
provements in machinery and the general progress of the world are responsible 3
./..¦• Twenty years;, ago a tailor-made suit was a luxury — only .the most pros- I
•perous wore custom-made garments.. To-day anybody can afford a tailor-made (j
--suit. The improvements in the clothing world make it possible. Take for 1
: example one of our $10 made-to-measure suits. The price is within reach of I
• almost everybody; the material is. all. wool; the style is just what is being worn S
.in the more expensive, suits; the workmanship is thoroughly good; the entire |
¦ -suit is guaranteed; the value is very exceptional.
:•;:.; v May we give'you some sa'mples of the materials used in these suits? You can have a [
Suits made to order for $10
Suits satisf ac- « . \l TpTZTZZ"* ~* ';.¦ If out of the city
torily made lor w7v'^W000 K;«Sl' write for self "
¦v-v" out-of-town •/ r^«_ 'S?'\sJ ' measuring: blank I
customers. 718 MarKet and Cor. Powell and Eddy, and samples: |no_textno_textno_textno_textAn evening contemporary insists that "the author
of the Psalms" wrote them in English.
¦¦¦MBMHiCSBdBdBMHBtaaaMMfens££'-\ /
The latest thing; in the thieving line is reported
from New York, where a"clevei\ rascal stole the auto
mobile of a millionaire and merrily. rode"*away with it
to parts unknown.
If the casualties continue, owners of automobiles
will soon be held liable under the law that forbids
carrying concealed weapons.
Oakland is trying to use a bond poultice" to bring
a sort of pustular system of parks to a head. Better
try and make it confluent- by having one park large
enough to swing a' cat in. . * '
Some politicians say the trust issue is dead and
some say it is not yet born, but all of them are dodg
ing around as if there were a live lion in sight.
President' Kruger is said to have expended his en
tire, fortune in the. war for independence, but he can
make another by, coming to the United States and
taking to the lecture business.
Sir Thomas Lipton is eager to have another trial
for the yachting cup, but the : shareholders in his
company wish him to stay at home and attend to
business. The dividends are said to be getting small.
It is stated that rBryan has decided to let Tom
Johnson of Cleveland run for the Presidency on the
Democratic ticket in 1904;' and prpbablyTom in re
turn has promised • to subscribe for. the Commoner
and read it.
Here the lightning rod man does not flourish, and
has no chance to convert a rod note into a farm
mortgage by a simple turn of the pen and paper and
hypothecate it at the country bank. When asked for
a reason for the absence of thunderstorms we cannot
give it any more than we can give a reason for sun
strokes and hydrophobia being unknown, so we fall
back on that reason given for all the great peculiari
ties of California — it is the climate. Eastern people
who dodge lightning and keep their household gods
in a cyclone cellar, who lose their wits by sunstroke
and have every year 4 season of mad dogs, may miss
all these by coming here, and by coming may enter
an atmosphere of the most perfect physical comfort,
with nothing to affect their flesh larger than a flea.
'T""<HE news from the East brings frequently ac-
I counts of destruction of life and property by
•*¦ lightning. Among the gifts and graces of Cali
fornia is immunity from sunstroke, hydrophobia and
lightning. Our visitors, in going up and down, will
observe that there are no lightning rods on our build
ings. Infrequently we hear thunderstorms off the
coast, out at sea, and sometimes we have them in
the mountains, but that is alL
NO LIGHTNING.
Where was General Methuen when the war went
out? Last heard of him he was footing it toward
the British lines with a sack of mealies given him by
Delarey.
There have been times when West Point. has been
subject to criticism, but hi the main the critics have
Hardly ever before has the value of professional
training been more strikingly proven than in that
long contest At the outbreak of the struggle it is
probable the sympathies of the mass of the people
both North and South were . with the * volunteers
rather than with the. West Pointers. Nor were -the
sympathies wholly misplaced. From the ranks of
the volunteers came forth a brilliant galaxy of com
manders, men whom the coflntry honored and re
members still. Nevertheless it soon became evident
that the conduct of the war must be left to the
trained men, and to-day West Point can attest her
worth to the nation by citing the names of Grant,
Sherman. Sheridan, Thomas, McClellan and Burn
side on the side of the North, and Lee, Jackson,
Johnston and Stuart on the side of the South.
Judged by its history and the record made by its
graduates West- Point is the foremost military school
in the world. The long Civil -War in this country
gave an opportunity for its graduates to show the
worth of their training, arid the test was a severe
one. Among no people in the world are volunteer
armies more efficient than among Americans, and
nowhere else are there among the ranks of volunteers
so many men capable of exercising high commands.
Therefore when the war broke out and the graduates
of West Point undertook the command of armies on
both sides of the struggle, they were brought, into
sharp rivalry with a host of volunteer officers, able,
active, patriotic, daring and resourceful. Yet in both
armies the West Pointers proved themselves su
perior to" the most efficient of the untrained generals
who shared with them the responsibilities of the war.
EASTERN news reports are giving but little at
tention to the West Point centennial, which is
being observed this week, and yet the institu
tion has rilled so large a place in American history
that the occasion merits something more than a pass
ing notice. In the graduating class of 1802 there were
but two men, and for a time the classes were small, as
by the original act creating it the entire corps was
limited to twenty officers and men. The war of 1812,
however, roused the American people to a recogni
tion of the needs of military education and defense,
and since that time West Point has been amply sup-,
ported. •
WEST POINT'S CENTENNIAL. ¦'
Some Eastern reformers are clamoring for the the
ater managers to sell icecream between the acts.
They wish the cream put up in paper boxes and sold
at ten cents a box with a spoon thrown in. It is
to such a pass the drama is coming at last.
The size of each thread, as spun by the
silk worm, is one two-hundredth part of
an Inch in diameter.
Lieutenant • • Palmer _ Is a ¦" North Caro
linian, but is at present stationed at Mare
iBland. He is in the Marine Corps, and
was graduated' from- Annapolis in 1SS3.
After a month at Lake Tahoe Lieutenant
and Mrs. Palmer will reside at Mare Isl
and. .
The wedding guests were:
1 Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Admiral and Mrs.
' Mrs. Palmer, is a Calif ornlan, being a
daughter of the late John S. Messersmith,
who founded Mare Island navy-yard, and
granddaughter of Francis Scott Key. She
is charmingly bred and well traveled. She
has been living abroad for several years,
and only returned to this city six months
ago. ¦¦.
A reception and elaborate breakfast
followed at the Hotel Bella Vista, where
the bride has been residing for some time
with her mother, Mrs. J. S. Messersmith.
The tables were made artistic and pret
ty wlth;blue bachelor buttons and white
candelabra.
After the ceremony there was a recep
tion at ' the home of the bride's mother
at 1114. McAllister street. The floral dec
orations were lavish and in excellent
taste. The hall was . done In American
Beauty roses and palms. In the ¦•Irawing
rocm St. Joseph .lilies were effectively ar
ranged with palms, while pink sweet peas
and carnations decorated the dining-room,
where the dainty supper was served.
Many handsome presents were received
by the young couple.
The bride was born In Nevada County.
She is a graduate of the Normal School
of San Jose and has been vice principal
of the Napa public school and member of
tho County Board of Education. ' In ad
dition to her other attainments she is a
clover musician.
The groom is well known as' a lawyer,
and is also past exalted ruler of the Elks,
president of the Chamber of Commerce
of Vallejo, director of the Vallejo Bank
and a member of the executive committee
of the District ' Attorneys' Association of
California. As the groom's business in
terests are chiefly in Vallejo, a home has
been newly built and furnished there for
the bride, and Mr. and Mrs. Devlin will
reslde N there upon their return from a two
months' sojourn In Coronado and other
points in the. southern part of the State.
Mrs. Anna Key Mace and Lieutenant
James Edward Palmer, U. S. N., were
married yesterday at St.' Luke' s ¦ Church
in the presence of a few. friends. Rev.
B. M. Weeden began the ceremony at 12:30
o'clock. There were no attendants. The
bride was given away by her brother,
E. T. Messersmith. The wedding was
a very quiet affair, only forty guests be
ing asked to the church and the break
fast which followed. The bride looked
charming. in a dainty gown of -thin pink
pina cloth, with garniture of chiffon and
ribbon and a sash of pink satin ribbon.
She wore . a becoming hat of pink tulle,
with roses and black velvet ribbon. V;r ,: :
The bride was handsomely gowned in
champagne-colored etamlne over silk,
with garniture of turquoise panne velvet
end French lace. She also wore a large
hat of white tulle, with a large ostrich
feather. The maid of honor was becom
ingly attired in pale gray etamine,
trimmed with white lace medallions and
a touch of blue. Her large blue picture
hat was trimmed with white paradise
feathers. Mrs. Erb was elegantly gowned
in black lace. over silk.
bride of Frank R. Devlin of Val
lejo, District Attorney of Solano County.
The ceremony was performed at St. Ig
natius Church In the presence of many
friends of both families. Father Calzia
officiated. The bride was attended by her
sister, Miss Annetta V. Erb, who acted as
maid of honor, and was given into the
keeping of the groom by her brother-in
law. P. H. Curley. Drl Charles Devlin, a
brother of the groom, was best man.
AT a pretty church wedding last
evening Miss Agnes G, C. Erb, the
accomplished daughter of Mrs. J.
B. Erb of this city, became the
Tha Northern Pacific Railway Is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewlstoa
and Stltes. Idaho, there are Rood wagon roads
to e<ther Warrens or Dixie, from which points
th« trails- Into this district ara most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELSR,
G. A.. 647 Market St.. S. F. •;«_•
f ? Going to Thunder Mountain, tt
The island of Sakhalin, the great penal
colony of Russia, has splendid forests of
fir and pine, for which t a. market can.
readily be found in China.
Mrs. Lyman Tiffany of Washington
gave a pretty informal tea at the Occi
dental Hotel on Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Tiffany has come to this city to await the
arrival of her son on the transport
Meade, he being a lieutenant In the Tweji
ty-first Infantry. She has won many
friends during her short stay here.
.* > * *
Mr. and Mrs. M. Marks of Portland,
Or., announce the engagement of their
daughter, Ruby, to Samuel E. Werthelm
er of Salt Lake City. At home Sunday,
July 15, at 703 Geary street from 2 to
5 p.m.
• ?¦. •
Miss Kathryn Kldder was tendered a
farewell breakfast at the St. Dunstan
grill on Saturday by Mrs. Josephine de
Greayer. Covers were laid for twenty,
and the floral decorations were pretty and
artistic.
« • •
.Mrs. Joe Tobin is entertaining a num
ber of friends at her summer home near
Calistoga. Mr. and Mrs. Robinson Riley
and Mr. and Mrs. Tom Magea Jr. are
among - the guests.
• •• . ¦•' •
Mr. Louis Masten left yesterday for an
extended trip East. Mr. Masten resides
at Phoenix, Ariz., but came to this city
for his sister's wedding last week.
• • •
. Mrs. Fred Jacobs, her sister. Miss Mary
Lee Henry of Kansas City, and Mrs.
Bates Spaulding of San Mateo have gone
to Yosemite for a pleasure trip.
• • • v
Mr. and Mrs. Downey. Harvey were
tho guests of Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Chase
last week at the Chases' country home,
"Stag's Leap."
• • •
Miss Lily Sprockets sails to-day for
Honolulu/where she will join her mother.
Both : expect to return in July.
• • •
Mrs. R. H. Warfleld and son, Emerson
• Warfleld, sail to-day for Japan. They
will return late in the summer.
, . ¦. ¦ ¦ • • ¦ •
Dr. Arnold Genthe gave a theater party
to a few friends on the opening night of
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglin.
• . • . •
Miss Grace Llewellyn Jones entertained
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton at breakfast on
Monday of this week.
>¦¦-¦• • ¦• • •
. Mr. and Mrs. George H. Perkins have
taken apartments at the St. Dunstan
Alexander St. John Bowie has sailed for
: Japan.
• " • *
Miss Olive Holbrook is in New York.
The Texas steer" is a pretty tough cus-
I tomer, especially when you meet him in a
cheap restaurant.
* • . •
One of the prettiest weddings of the
season was solemnized at St. Paul's
Church yesterday afternoon, when Miss
Helen Chandler French became the bride
of George J. Gilbert, Rev. Father Con
nolly officiating. The bride was hand
somely gowned in mode crepe de chins
over pale blue taffeta. The bridal party
was led by Florence M. French; then
came the bride and her father, who gave
her into the keeping of the groom at the
altar. The groom was attended by his
brother, Louie. Jack Marlsch and Albert
Peterson acted as ushers. The bride is
the daughter of Chief Deputy County
Clerk Frank French. The groom is a
prominent young merchant of una city.
The young couple received many costly
gifts. After an extended southern trip
they will reside in this city. ;c/c
Merrill Miller, the Misses Miller, Captain and
Mrs. A. F. Dlxon, Liu tenant Commander and
Mrs. Stafford. Mrs. . Cults, Major and Mrs.
John T. Myers. Mrs. Richard M. Cults. Cap
tain T. H. Stevens. Lieutenant J. McClay
Salladay, Past Assistant Paymaster David
Potter, Mrs. Henry- Dougherty, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Peyton. Mrs. Janet M. Baldwin. Mr».
Thomas C. Plnckney, Mrs. John Mills Browne.
David Turner. General John Baldwin, Samuel
N. Levy, Miss Lena Maynard. Mrs. Caduc.
Mrs. Weller, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Cluff. the
Mlsaes Dlckins, Harry Jenkins. William Mc-
Pherson. Miss Antoinette Delmas, Mrs. Her
bert Pontinr, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Dean. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Farquharson, Mr. and Mrs.
Hardlsty, Miss Castle. Mrs. Duff Green. Naval
Constructor and Mrs. Lawrence Adams . and
Dr. Newton Hawley. .
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ti»a
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call*
loraia street. Telephone Main 1041 *
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nica
present for Eastern friends. t539 Market
street. Palace Hotel building. •
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE WHO
WERE MARRIED LAST EVENING
AJ* ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH.
Prunes stuffed. with apricots. Townsend'a.*
CaL glac fruit 50c per lb at Townsead'V
We wish the two counties realization of all their ex
pectations and hope they may find gold or coal in
making their bore.
The example of those two counties may well be
followed elsewhere in this mountainous State, where
producers and their market are separated by ranges
that may easily be penetrated by tunnels. While this
tunnel is being constructed it raight be well for Oak
land to consider it as a future facility for introducing
a needed water supply, and build it of dimensions
with that view, that it may carry water pipes as well
as wagons.
When railroads began easing their grades and
changing curves for tangents it was not dreamed that
the users of wagon roads would so quickly imitate
them. Nor is it probable that they would have done
so but for the spirit of enterprise that has so grandly
taken hold upon Northern California.
The project has been under discussion for many
years and much time was spent bringjng the two
counties into co-ordination in the matter. Then
difficulties were presented in getting the right of
way. Of these the last has just been compromised,
and the tunnel, which will cost many thousand dol
lars, will soon be under construction and will be
rapidly pushed. Oakland is to be congratulated upon
thts means of access to'an extensive and rich region,
as the producers therein are to be for this means of
getting to a good market.
INCIDENT to the spirit of progress that is now
abroad in Northern California is the alliance of
Contra Costa and Alameda counties in a project'
for tunneling the Coast Range for a wagon road,
which will permit the whole Mount Diablo region
access to Oakland by easy grade, so that produce
may come to market by wagon. Heretofore it has
been necessary to carry on this traffic under the diffi
culties presented by steep grades and dangerous
curves, on which many accidents have happened and
where the hauling of a full load- has been impossible.
We think it is the first instance on this continent in
which a tunnel is made for the convenience of a
wagon haul.
A TUNNEL ROAD.
"Is your hair cut?"
"It is," answered tho Indian.
"Have you washed all the paint oft your
face, and Instead anointed yourself with
"Have you cultivated habits of thrift
and saved up some money?"
"I have." ; i .
"Sure you've saved up money?" ____^
"Yes."
"Well, come on. You are ready for the
next step in civilization. I will now teach
you how to play poker."— Washington
Star.
Mr. Wright's conclusion is that strikes on the
whole have been beneficial, but that workingmen in
future will have less recourse to them. He says:
"With increased intelligence they will look back
upon the strike, period as one of development, and
when they shall have accommodated themselves, to
the new conditions and when employers shall have
recognized the intelligence of their employes, these
matters will be handled in such a way as to prevent
in the future a repetition of . incidents like .those
which are chronicled in the statistical history of the
strikes of the last twenty years."
The estimate is made that 50.77 per cent of the
strikes for the twenty years succeeded; 13.04 per cent
were partially successful, and 36.19 per cent failed
Of the strikes directed by labor organizations 52.86
per cent were successful, 13.60 per cent were partly
successful, and 33.54 failed. Of the employes thrown
out of employment by strikes 71.60 per cent were
engaged in six industries, building, coal and coke,
metals and metallic goods, clothing, tobacco and
transportation, and 59 per cent of the strikes took
place in these occupations. New York had the lar
gest number of strikes,. with Pennsylvania next.
The year 1894 is given as the period of "high water
mark of labor controversies," though of course there
have been notable strikes since then. Passing to the
statistics of the subject Mr. Wright presents tables
showing that during the twenty years the losses to
employers and employes through strikes amount to
about $468,968,581, more than 6,000,000 persons hav
ing been thrown out of employment for an average
of 23.8" days. -
As the nineteenth century advanced strikes became
more and more v frequent, but according to Mr.
Wright "there were no notable strikes until 1877,
"those which . occurred prior thereto not being very
important as to the persons engaged or losses or
.otherwise, although some of them were severe in the
conditions accompanying them. J .^ V. '¦¦*•
It was after that year that, the great labor war-be
gan in earnest and the struggles between employer
and employe became notable. Since that time there
have been strikes having a wide and far reaching in
fluence, affecting the general trade conditions of
whole communities. It is noted that the first of
what may be called historic strikes took place in 1877
on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The Pennsyl
vania road was subject 'to an extraordinary strike in
the same* year. Mr. Wright says: "Without doubt
the most expensive and far Teaching of historic
strikes was the strike of June and July, 1894, at Chi
cago, but the most thrilling and dramatic incident or
event in the labor movement of the country must be
considered the Homestead affair of July 4, 1892."
As early as 1740 an effort was made by a strike of
the journeymen bakers in New York to obtain an
increase of wages. The instigators of the movement
were tried and convicted of conspiracy on. account, of
their agreement- not to bake bread until their wages
were raised. In. 1796 and 1798 the journeymen shoe
makers of Philadelphia struck for better wages, and
the strikes were successful. Those . were the only
strikes in the country prior to the nineteenth cen
tury, for, as" Mr. Wright says: "Industrial condi
tions were not particularly conducive to such con
troversies. Relations between masters and men were
individual, so that concerted action among the men
was seldom practicable."
•-^ARROLLD. WRIGHT,' United States Com-
I ,- missioner. of Labor, contributes to the cur-
A*— * rent/ number of the North American Review
a short history of strikes in the United States during
the last twenty years. Prior to that period no effort
was made to collect authentic data concerning
strikes, so that the* twenty, years virtually covers the
entire statistical history of the subject, and, more
over, it has been only within that time that strikes
Have attained great industrial and social importance.
RECORD OF STRIKES.
One of the curious things about the close of the
South African war is that of the two men who started
it, Kruger and Rhodes, one is dead and the other is
so completely effaced that the British Government
has agreed to let him go home and h've there without
taking the oath of allegiance. Peace brings to South
Africa. a new era with new men to the front and a
THURSDAY JUNE 12, 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Ulna All Conmcnications io W. S. LEAK, Mwiger.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You V. '"h.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ..Market and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carrier". 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Single Coplen. C Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Postage* ,
X3AILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALL Onclufling Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL Oncjudlns Sunday). 3 months 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5e
6UNDAY CALL. One Tear 1-80
WEEKLY CALL. One Year >.00
All postmaster* are r.nlhorlied to receive
¦nbucrrpttonn.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail rubserlbers in ordering cha: je of address should be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance 'with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1115 Broadway
C. GEOHGE KROGXESS.
ITtttgrr T creign Advertising. Karqtette Building, Chicago
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 28X9.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPnEX B. SMITH WO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Murray Kill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
WASHINGTON <D. C.) OFFICE. . . .I4OO G Sfc. W. W.
aiOHTOX E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay; open
cclll 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 033
McAllister, cpen u~tll 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larldn. open until
6:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, cpan
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Pillmore. open until 9 p. m.
The opinion is written by Justice Me-.
Farland, with whom Justices Henshaw,
Garoutteand Harrison and Chief Justice
Beatty concur. Justice Van Dyke, with
whom Justice Temple concurs, dissents
on the ground that the law discriminates
in favor of sportsmen, and hence It is
class legislation.
The court holds that all game is really
the property of the State, that sports
men kill animals only by sufferance and
that the Legislature in granting favors ¦
can make what qualifications may seem
proper. It is stated that the prohibition
in reference to the sale of game "does
not destroy, a property right, because no
such right exists."
The new game laws were declared con
stitutional by the Supreme Court yester
day. The fight between . the . Fish ..Com- ,
missioners and the commission merchants
is at an end. and it is now firmly estab
lished that any one who ventures to sell
game in violation of the existing regula
tions is guilty of a misdemeanor.
The law which was .made the subject
of dispute reads as follows: "Every per
son who buys, sells, offers or exposes for
sale, barter or trade any quail • • • is
guilty of a misdemeanor." The provision,
with certain qualifications as to seasons,
is made to apply to several other species
of game. The observance of the law\
meant that the commission merchants
must be subjected to considerable loss,
and, in fact, that every one who could
not hunt or who did not have some friend
who was a sportsman and of a generous
turn of mind, must go without those
kinds of game named in the section. It
was thought by many lawyers that the
provision was unconstitutional, and tho
commission merchants decided to settle
the question.,
S. Kenneke, a clerk in one of the large
markets, was accordingly prevailed upon
to sell a quail. The Fish Commissioners
were at once notified, and the offender;
was arrested. He entered a plea of guilty
In the Police Court, and was fined $2a.
The case was appealed and petition made
to the' Supreme Court for a writ of.
habeas corpus on the ground that the
law was unconstitutional in that It was
not uniform In operation and discriminat
ed in favor of a certain class/ It was
also claimed that when a man had killed
a quail it\became his property, and that
he could dispose of it through sale or oth
erwise as might suit his taste.
With interest at the same moment 125 per cent
higher in, Denver than in New York, 'how can the
currency question be kept out of politics?
But can he insure the future against such an issue
in politics when interest is 4.41 in New York and
from 7.98 to 10 in the South and West? He may say
that it depends on supply and demand, but the figures
show that there was a surplus of money and defi
ciency of demand in New York, with low interest,
and a surplus of demand and deficiency of money in
the West and South, with high interest.
It is hardly possible to bring these reasons into
comparison with those given for the bill, since Mr.
Pugsley argues from the viewpoint of the banker or
lender, while the friends of the bill argue from that
of the borrower. Mr. Pugsley expresses the wish of
all sensible men when he, says: "I believe the inter-i
ests and the honor of the country clearly demand
that there never again shall be a political contest in
which the currency, or standard of value, shall be the
issue. It concerns too vitally the great interests of
the people to be made the_ football of politics, for no
question will so quickly unsettle and paralyze the vast
business industries of the country as one that con
cerns the stability of our currency." • .'
Mr. Pugsley admits the need of protecting the
country against a currency famine. He describes the
Fowler plan in these terms and we reproduce it, as it
probably represents the views of the opposing. bank
ers: "The. plan of the majority members of the
Banking and Currency Committee is to formulate an
asset currency in preftrence to the thoroughly tested
system cf circulation now based on Government
bonds, a circulation that is received without question
in any part of the United States. They also provide
for a branch bank system, 'thus forming a great
money trust, which will reach throughout the whole
country and undoubtedly put out of existence, if the
measure become a law, a large proportion of the
smaller banks, both State and national, in the United
States. The large banks of the great cities will be
authorized and will be able, through their large capi
tal, to establish branches in any part of the United
•States and foreign countries, and it will be in their
p&wer to plant a branch in any city or town, which
will mean that an office will be hired, some fixtures
arranged and a manager put in charge. No capi
tal is provided to follow the branch. institution, and
it will be virtually free from all taxation, except at
the parent bank. This will of necessity enable ihe
branch bank system to drive out of existence State
and national banks in the small towns and cities,
which are now heavily taxed in the communities
where they are located, and in the course of a few
years there will probably be only a very small num
ber of banks, and they will be able to control the
banking capital and deposits of the whole country.
This control may then be used as a great political
power for the furtherance of the ends of these insti
tutions in securing such legislation as may be neces
' sary for fastening this octopus on the American peo
ple. As to equalizing t^he rate of interest, which it is
claimed the branch bank system will accomplish, any
one with a modicum ot common sense knpws that the
rate of interest will depend upon location, quality of
collateral and, above all, on the oft-repeated but cer
tain principle of supply and demand." .
The reasons against the bill are put forward by
Congressman Pugsley of New York. He is a sound
money Democrat and an experienced banker, and his
opinions are deserving of respect. He compliments
Mr. Fowler for his knowledge of the subject and the
industry with which he has worked out the bill, but
declares that it is a too radical departure in our bank
ing and currency system. -
WE. have already given the reasons for the
Fowler bill, which is favored by the House
Committee on Banking and Currency and
is quite generally opposed by the bankers of the
country. The bill is intended to" supply an emergency
currency by an issue based on assets other than
United States bonds, and by establishing branch
banks to more nearly equalize interest and discount
throughout the country, thus relieving points remote
from financial centers of the consequences of a cur
rency famine.
THE FOWLER BILL.
SOLANO LAWYER WEDS
A CLEVER EDUCATOR
GAME LAW IS
DECLARED TO BE
CONSTITUTIONAL
Reviewing this year the history of the institution
for its century of life, the American people can cor
dially indorse that statement of the spirit and the
work of West Point. It has been the. training school
of heroes, and the nation has good reason to be
The report of the board of visitors who examined
the institution last year says: "No fair-minded,
patriotic American can. visit West Point, investigate
the methods of education, the daily life of the cadet
and all the drill and training incident to a four years'
course, and not feel an admiration for and pride in
the institutipn. * * * The pure democracy which
characterizes the institution is, above all things, to be
commended. * * * The atmosphere is one of
equalityrthe environment a continuous reminder that
worth and merit, virtue, integrity, courage and kin
dred attributes of noble" manhood were the essentials
to success, 'promotion and distinction."
been ill-informed and have based their conclusions
upon half truths. It has been stated again and again
that the institution is aristocratic, that it educates
men away from democratic ideals, but the statement
is without basis, of fact to warrant it. A short time
ago the revelations concerning hazing at the institu
tion raised a storm of denunciation, but. in that case
also the condemnation was altogether too sweeping.
The evils .were bad indeed, but they did not affect the
institution as a whole nor typify the real spirit of the
corps. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1902.
6
Call ¦utpdcrlbers contemplating a chance of
residence during: the summer months can have
tbeir paper forwarded by mail to their new
addresses by notifying- The Call Bust ness Office.
This paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorta and 1b represented by a local agent in
all tovrns on. the coast. ¦ ¦ '„• ""
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOIH FOR THE SUMMER.
6. KATSGHINSKi
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
—
PATENT LEATHER STYLES.
Everybody la wearing patent
leather. It Is the proper style and
gives one the appearnco of being
smartly dressed. Patent leather is
always dressy and has that gen-
teel, refined look that makes a good
impression. Always leaders In
footwear, we will this week offer
some extra Inducements. Ladles'
swell patent leather lace shoes,
coin toes and tips, perforated
vamps and heel, foxing extension
edges and military heels. RE-
DUCED to $12.5O a pair; sizes 2&
to 8, widths AA to E.
SMART PATENT LEATHERS'.
The very latest, swellest, smart-
est patent leather oxford on the
market— just what the ladles want.
Easy on the feet, cool/ natty and
attractive; patent leather oxford
ties, coin toes and tips, hand
sewed, double soles and extension
3^ mllltai> y heels. THE PRICE
2f M k» 1 ?.5O A PAIR; sizes 3 to
Vh, widths AA to E.
LADIES' WHITE CANVAS OX-
FORD TIES, coin toea and tips,
turned soles and French heels. Re-
INFANTS' AND 'CHILDREN'S
?^.^ c oW D^Pc A r E . BI iI:
fants' sizes 1x4 to 5^ ONLY 45
CENTS. Child's sizes 4% to 8. wicB
spring heels. ONLY «5 CENTS. t
New Illustrate* catalogue Just out.
Send for one. *¦ ¦
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
IO THIRD STREET.. \
San Francisco.$4u first class, including berth and meals,
San Francisco to Seattle, Tacoma, Van
couver, Victoria, Everett, New Whatcom
and return, allowing passengers ample
time to go ashore and visit the various
points of interest. For full information
apply at Pacific Coast Steamship Co.'s
t*cket» office. 4 New Montgomery street.
Low Excursion Bates — 11 Days' Trip.
Burglars Ransack a Souse.
During the absence of H. J. Baddely
aiid his family from their home at 918
Harrison street Wednesday night burg
lars broke into the house. They thor
oughly ransacked three of the rooms, evi
dently in search of money, but were dis
appointed. They took none of the articles
from any of the rooms.
When asked what was meant by the
phrase "leaders of thought" in hi3 bill
to the Cuban Government, Thurber said
he had a list of 8000 people in the United
States who "represent something" to
whom this literature was sent.
In reply to a question by Teller as to
whether he had consulted Mr. Havemeyer
of the sugar trust in the preparation of
the literature, Thurber said:
"After making my argument before the
Ways and Means Committee I told Mr.
Havemeyer that I had been asked if I
was representing him and asked him for
a subscription. He gave me a check to
ward meeting our expenses."
RECEIPTS IN EVIDENCE-
Senator Culberson of Texas to-day in
treduced the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo
and he is hereby directed to hand to the Sen
ate a full Itemized statement of all money
collected and disbursed by the authorities of
the United States In Cuba for military oocu
patlon thereof until May 20, 1602.
Senator Platt. of Connecticut objected
to the present consideration and the reso
lution went over until to-morrow.
Following is a copy of the receipts
which . Teller submitted as having been
given by Thurber to the Cuban Govern
ment and which the witness admitted to
be genuine:
Form 8, Voucher No. 31, Abstract B, account
of month of April. 1902.
NEW YORK. April 2. 1002.— The United
States Military Government of the island of
Cuba .to the United States Export Association,
debtor, for sending third edition of 80,000 cir
cular letters and accompanyinE publications to
leaders of thought in the United States, advo
cating: a reduction in the duties upon Cuban
products with a reciprocal reduction in the
duties upon American products Imported into
Cuba— ?2880.
Received payment — United States Export As
sociation. P. B. THURBER. President.
April 2, 1002.
To service aa per bill attached (see above)
in support of the applications of the inhabi
tants of the Island of Cuba for reciprocal tariff
relations with the United States— $2880.
Under the authority of General Wood, March
26, 1902.
The document bore the following in
dorsement: •
Headquarters Department of Cuba-
HAVANA, April 10, 1902.
The services herein charged for having been
performed under the verbal directions and au
thority of the Military Governor, this voucher,
b.b ¦ submitted, Is approved and the auditor la
authorized to pass the same.
By direction of the Military Government.
FRANK McCOY, Aid-de-Camp.
Paid by check No. 403, April 11, 1002, for
$2880 on Banco Nacional de Cuba. v
THREE BELLS PAID.
In reply to other questions Thurber
sa«d that three bills similar to this had
Thurber then said that all was done
through ah understanding that the Ex
port Asssociation should do all possible
to get industries on a proper basis. He
denied, however, that the money was
paid on a verbal^ order from General
Wood, given when the latter was in the
United States.
In reply to questions Thurber said that
the money referred to had all come
through the Cuban committee, but Sena
tor Teller insisted that the voucher which
ho had produced could not have emanated
from the Cuban committee.
The witness said he had sent out a
large number of circulars in the interest
of a reduction of the duty on Cuban
sugar, and he submitted specimens of
some of them. Being asked by Teller
who paid the expense incident to the
circulation of this literature, the witness
replied that the Cuban committee had
paid the larger part of it and that mem
bers of the association had paid part of
it. He said he had been in the employ
of the Cuban Government for some time
In the summer and fall of 1901 in con
nection with the preparation of a Cuban
tariff, his employment being at the
instance of Secretary Root.
AT ROOT'S INSTANCE. •
In response to questions by Senator
Teller, Thurber said he had been active
in the effort to secure a reciprocal ar
rangement with Cuba. He had come to
Washington originally at the instance of
the Export Association and of the Cubans
who were favoring reciprocity. He was
not, he said, under salary from the Ex
port Association, but he admitted he had
received a percentage of lees for member
ship in the association Influenced- by him
self.
The witness said he thought $20,000
worth of literature had been circulated.
He said he had received a contribution
of $2500 from Mr. Havemeyer of the sugar
trust when he solicited that gentleman
for a substantial subscription.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— F. B. Thur-.
ber, president of the Export Association,
the witness who has been wanted by the
Committee on Cuban Relations, was be
fore the committee to-day. Senator Teller
produced a copy of a voucher for J2880,
showing that that sum had been paid
by the military government of Cuba by
authority of Governor Wood to the
United States Exporters' Association, of
which Mr. -Thurber is president.
Thurber acknowledged that he had re
ceived the amount and said it was ons of
three payments he had received from the
same source. The receipt was dated
April 2, 1902, and states that it was for
"advocating a reduction in the duties
on Cuban products with a reciprocal re
duction on United States products going
into Cuba."
Peculiar Methods Employed to Se
cure Concessions for Cuba May-
Defeat Promised Tariff
Reduction.
President* of Export Associa
tion Works Under Wages
Allowed by Wood,
Sensational Testimony
Is Given by Thurber
on Reciprocity.
GETS P AID
BY MILITARY
GOVERNMENT
P. C. Kelly, Assignee,
Is perfectly satisfied with his clothing sale
and will continue for the balance of this
well to dish out 512 00 all wool men's suits
and overcoats for $4 65 at the clothing as
signee's sale of the- Boston, 773 Market
street, near Fourth. •
HER POCKET PICKED.— Miss I* Lawler.
1735 Union street, waa watching ths Shriners'
parade at Market and Kearny streets Tuesday
night, when a thief stole from the pocket of
her dress her gold watch, valued at $20. She
notified the police yesterday, giving a descrip
tion of the. stolen timepiece.
The position Is a highly desirable one,
and comes to Colonel Girard in recogni
tion of his long and distinguished ser
vice. His successor in thia department
wil] be Major H. Porter, who is now on
duty at Fort Porter. Buffalo, N. Y. Tha
news came yesterday through privata
channels, and it is not expected that tha
official announcement will be made by
the War Department for several days
yet. Major Porter will arrive In this city
to take charge of his new office on Juris
23, and Colonel Girard will leave for the
national capital a few days later.
Lieutenant Colonel Alfred C. Girard,
who has been in charge of the army gen
eral hospital at the Presidio for some
thing more than a year past. 13 to go to
Washington to act in the capacity of as
sistant to William H. Forward, who wa»
appointed eurgeon general a few days
ago.
Chosen as Assistant to Surgeon
General Forward.
Lieutenant Colonel Alfred Girard Is
Parishioners of the Star of the Sea
Church Have a Good l .
Time.
The ninth annual picnic of the parish
ioners of the Star of the Sea Church took
place yesterday at Shell Mound Park.
¦ During the afternoon there were run
ning races, dancing and games.
The various committees were as follows:
Arrangements — Kdward Leonard (chairman).
Ed L. O'Connor (secretary), C H. Courtney.
John Greeley. A. Stoll. T. J. Glynn. A. W. Mc-
Donald. G. Weigner. P. Dortn. R. Travers, A.
R. Savage, J. Maloney, P. Comaskey, H.
Grim, P. H. Farrell. C. Barry. Phil J. Ward.
B. Hyland, H. Clyne, T. Farrell. E. A. Kenny,
P. Farrell, J. Stokes, R. E. Kenny, J. F.
Spiller, M. A.' Greely, G. McCourtney, "W. C.
BilUngton, A. Lynch and F. McHugh.
Gate — Edward Leonard, Thomas Farrell and
John Greeley.
Press — C. H. McCourtney, T. J. Glynn, A.
W. McDonald, W. A. Deane and J. J. Cas-
Bldy. ¦
Music — C. H. McCourtney. A. W. McDonald
and E. L. O'Connor.
Flooi" — G. H. "Welsner (manager), R. E. Ken
ny, J. F. Sptller. E. A. Kenny, G. McCourtney,
C. H. Farrell and M. A. Greeley.
ABMY OFFICER SECTJBES
A SPLENDID POSITION
PICNIC AT SHELL MOUND
ATTRACTS BIG CBOWD
ry jj ARRISBURG. Pa.. June 11. —
I i — — i 1 Jud B e Samuel W. Pennypacker
1 I - of Philadelphia was nominated
J| It* for Governor over Attorney Gen
eral John P. Elkin of Indiana by
to-day's Republican State convention by
a vote of 206 to 152. Senator Quay was
unanimously chosen chairman of the Re
publican State Committee by a suspen
sion of the rules requiring the chairman
to be chosen by the nominees and the pre
siding officers of the convention, and he
will conduct the campaign for the State
ticket. During the proceedings Senator
been rendered by him and that all had
been oaid. ¦ • . '
Thurber,,' at the outset of his testimony,
in response to questions by Senator Platt.
said that he had not tried to avoid ap
pearing before the committee, stating that
he had been absent frpm'his home most
of the time since the receipt of "his first
summons to appear. I
. Professor H. W. Wiley, chief \ of the
chemistry division of the Agricultural De
partment, followed Thurber on the stand.
His testimony was devoted to an exposi
tion of the European kartel bounty on
sugar, which he contended had been the
cause of the entire reduction in the price
of sugar which had taken place through
out the world in the last two years. Quot
ing the .price of beet sugar at Hamburg
for June, 1900, he showed that it had
fallen since 52 per cent. He said the
depression in sugar is world-wide and ad
vocated the meeting of this European
duty with a similar duty by the United
States. On f this point he said, among
other thlnus: "
"Since England is the greatest consumer
of bounty-fed sugar among the nations of
the earth and the United States the sec
ond, it is evident that if these two coun
tries should join in countervailing not
only official but kartel bounties instant
prosperity would at once come to • the
sugar growers of the whole world."
The testimony given by Thurber, show-
Ing that between $8000 and $9000 had been
paid out of the Cuban treasury under the
direction of Governor General Wood for
the promotion of the effort to secure re
ciprocity between the United States and
Cuba, caused a sensation in the Senate
to-day. The news of Thurber's statement
reached the Senate | chamber about the
time that body had convened, and when
Senator Aldrich expresses confidence In
being able to secure fully forty-five Re
publican votes in favor of any bill that
may be reported . by the Cuban Commit
tee. This is .a majority of the Senate,
and the friends of reduction express
themselves as hopeful of passing a bill
satisfactory to them. They say the tes
timony of Thurber does not affect: the
merits of the question in the least, and
they contend that, admitting that th«
course of the Cuban Government was
censurable, it cannot and should not pre
vent the Government of the United States
doing what it has promised to do an-i
what it is right to do. They do not, how
ever, admit that the course was improper.
The : beet sugar Senators undeniably are
more hopeful than they have been here
tofore. Some of them profess to believe
that . the revelation will have the effect
of at least causing a halt in, the proceed
ings in the interest of reciprocity.
The committee will say that both plans
were rejected, and that the members of
the Cuban Committee i would not change
their position that there must be a
straight reduction of 20 per cent without
any conditions except that the President
might have power to" revoke the conces
sion in case he found that the Cuban
planters were not getting Jhe benefit of it.
The full conference will be in the nature
of a caucus, and some of the beet sugar
men say they .will enter it only, with the
understanding that they shall not be
bound by any conclusion that may be
reached. The advocates of a tariff re
duction say that no action by a Republi
can Senatorial caucus is binding, but they
add that defections have occurred only
in rare instances.
MAY CHECK BEDXTCTION-.
Senator Teller, whose examination had
developed the facts, made his appearance
on the floor he was immediately surround
ed by Senators from both sides of the
chamber, who professed great anxiety to
know all that had occurred. Copies of
the one voucher produced were . eagerly
sought, and the demand was not satisfied
until forty or fifty copies had been type
written and circulated in the Senate
chamber. Much interest 'was also mani
fested on the part of the members of the
House and some of the beet sugar advo
cates of that body pointed out that Thur
ber had not in his testimony before thu
AVays and Means Committee indicated
any connection with the Cuban Govern
ment in his effort to create sentiment in
this country favorable to concessions to
Cuba; Opinions as to the ultimate effect
of the testimony are as varied as the
predilections and prejudices of the Sen
ate, but the immediate results are seen in
the decision reached during the afternoon
to have two caucuses in the early future.
The first of these will be held by the beet
sugar Republican Senators to-morrow and
the second by all the Republican Senators
Friday or Saturday.
Senator Burrows is responsible for the
statement that the beet sugar men will
meet, and Senator Aldrich for the an
nouncement that there will be a general
conference 'before the close of the week.
The purpose of the meeting of the beat
sugar men is to consider the situation as
affected by to-day's developments and
also to receive a report from the commit
tee," consisting of Senators Elkins, Bur
rows and Jones of Nevada, appointed to
confer with the Republican members of
the Cuban Committee. This committee
will state that .the Cuban Committee has
declined to consider all propositions look-
Ing to a compromise which have been
made, and it probably will ask to be
discharged. The propositions that have
been made are two — the first for a re
bate and the second for a commercial
treaty with Cuba.
PORTLAND, Me., June 11.— Governor
John G. Hill was to-day renominated by
acclamation for a second term by the
Republican State convention. Secretary
of the-Treasury Shaw was presented and
made an address, in which he discussed
the tariff reform and the alleged cruel
ties in the Philippines as a possible issue
in the coming campaign.
HILL IS BENOMINATED.
Elkin declined to withdraw. Quay then
made a public declaration against his
candidacy, and when Pennypacker was
suggested for the nomination the Senator
tacitly indorsed him. Elkin was backed
by Governor Stone and other members
of 'the. State administration. Quay as
sumed direction of Pennypacker's cam
paign, and from the start predicted that
Elkin would not be nominated. :
Pennypacker's nomination is a personal
victory for Senator Quay. Elkin was for
merly one of Quay's chief lieutenants,
and when he became a candidate it was
thought he was the Senator's choice.
After delegates friendly to Elkin had been
elected in several counties Quay advised
against the Attorney General's candidacy
in the interest of party harmony.
VICTORY. FOB QUAY. ,
The platform indorses the administra
tion of President Roosevelt; reaffirms loy
alty to the principles of protective tariff;
declares for pure and honest ballot re
form; condemns trusts; approves the ac
tion of tha President and Attorney Gen
eral in proceeding against the beef trust
and makes no mention of the State ad
ministration.
Penrose retired as chairman of the con
vention in favor of Congressman J. C.
Sibley, permanent chairman," who made
a speech which evoked much applause.
CHAIRMAN OF PENNSYLVANIA
CONVENTION, AND NOMINEE
FOR GOVBROR OF MAINE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1902.
Following Penny packer's Nomination for Gov
ernor, the Astute Pennsylvania Senator Is
Chosen Chairman of the State Committee
QUAY GAINS A DECIDED
VICTORY IN CONVENTION
7
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERY EVENING THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Appearance of the Favorite" Actress.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco's Great Play,
ZAZA
On account of the great demand for Matinee
Seats
FLORENCE ROBERTS
has kindly consented to appear
EXTRA MATINEE
THURSDAY JUNE 19.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Seats now selling for all performances this
end n«xt week.
A VAUDEVILLE MECCA!
Cushman, Holcombe and Curtis;
Howard. Chambers; Barton and
Ashley, and the Biograph. Last
times of the Motogirl; Twin Nices;
Le Boy and Clayton; Murphy and
Slater, and Irene Franklin- •
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; box seats
and opera chairs, 50c. . .
6air.e Success as La*t Year of This Beautiful
Racing Play.
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES NEILL AND COMPANY in
DION BOUCICAULTS GREAT RACING
PLAY,
I H 'TT l_l I BARGAIN
TTT ¦!¦ TO-D4*
J J^J^j J, 25c end 50c
Sunday Evening — C. Haddon Chambers' pow-
erful play. "CAPTAIN 6WIFT."
SEATS READY.
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
T'rk-NiriHf- ALL THIS WEEK
1 O"illgnt Mat. Sat. and Sunday.
The Heart to Heart Play of Human Interest, A
GUILTY MOTHER
A Drama of Mlnjlea" Laughter and Tears.
A Great Cast: Fanny Mclntyre, Annette
Marshall. Margaret Wycherly. Geonrle Cooper,
Amos Ranken Mabel Bowman. Earle Brown.
Barnes Corriiran. Julias McVicker. Edwin T.
Emery. Stanley Ross, Elmer Booth. George
NichoNs and George P. Webster.
PiifrFS EVENINGS 10c to 50c
riUWLj MATINEES 10c. 15c, 25c
Next Week— "MY AUNT BRIDGET."
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUPEYILLE EVERY AFTER-
MON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE,
Concluding With V
UNIQUE LIVING PICTURES!
Admission 10c Children Bo
J'hone for Seats — Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c— CHILDREN Be
Bate lag. Including admission. 25c; children 20c.
AMUSEMENTS.
EVENINGS AT S SHAKP.
Souvenir Toy Matinee Saturday
at 2 Sharp. ,
EHRINERS! Take a trip over the Hot Sands
and see
Toy-Maker I
Filled with fun and music.
SEE THE GREAT TOT SHOP SCENE.
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c and 75e
Telephone Bush 9.
f*rtl fllMBill SAK FRANCISCO'S
vULUIvEBlJl LEADING THEATRE
TO-NIGHT. Friday and Saturday Nights.
" MATINEE SATURDAY,
d unuinwALL NEXT WEEK
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY MILLER,
MARGARET ANGLIN
And a SPECIAL COMPANY. In
A. W. Pinero's Comedietta In Four Acts,
TRELAWNY OF THE WELLS
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
Prices — $1 50, f 1, 75c, 50c, 25c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Continued Success of
MAUDE R EALY
In Jerome K. Jerome's Clever Comedy,
"MISS HOBBS."
First Time on Any Stage at •
POPULAR PRICES.... 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week — MAUDE FEALY and EDWARD
J. MORGAN In "ROMEO AND JULIET."
Fischer's Theater.
MYSTIC 7~NOW j
NOBLES, | YOU ARE
DONE WITH YOUR LABORS
You have all week to enjoy yourselves.
There Is one happiness,
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
That makes the fat lean and the lean fat.
Only one laujrhter, but It never ends.
Come any night for 25 or 50 cents, or at the
Sat. and Sun. Matinee for 25 cents anywhere.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 3-X5
P. M. SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M. •
SAN FRANCISCJTvs. OAKLAND.
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats, 5 Stockton st.
¦ flmCft Desirable location,
* UlUVW unsurpassed cuisine,
j unequaled ser-
/tfin v ' ce ? ni^ modern
Mill* conveniences are the
* - attributes that have
lir/Hm made these two ho-
Ui ttslt! tels popular with
tl j 1 tourists and travel-
riA|P|C ers who visit San
11UIW12 Francisco..
THE WEEKLY' GALL
$1 per Year.
The treatment of Catarrh with antiseptic and %%?
astringent washes, lotions, salves, medicated tobacco*
and cigarettes or any external or local application, is : '&Jj^
just as senseless as would be kindling a fire on top of • -^^^S^^^y^
the pot to make it boil. True, these give temporary ¦^^^P^^^/
relief, but the cavities and passages of the head and the •
bronchial tubes soon fill up again with mucus.
Taking cold is the first step towards Catarrh, for it
checks perspiration, and the poisonous acids and ¦
vapors which should pass off through the skin, are jfr^^^^^^V,
thrown back upon the mucous membrane or inner skin,
producing inflammation and excessive flow of mucus, ¦'-^H-«S^^^"8iife 51
much of which is absorbed into the blood, and through the circulation
reaches every part of the system, involving the Stomach, Kidneys and other
parts of the body. When the disease assumes the dry form, the breath
becomes exceedingly foul, blinding headaches are frequent, the eyes red, i
hearing affected and a constant ringing in the ears. No remedy'that does
not reach, the polluted blood can cure Catarrh. S. S. S. expels from the
S/»— «*^ all offensive matter, and when rich, pure'
n^S n^^l blood is again coursing through the , body the
- V^^^ mucous membranes become healthy and the skin
active, all the disagreeable, painful symptoms disap-
'"-" . : '- . pear, and a permanent, thorough cure Js effected.
S. S. S. being a strictly vegetable blood purifier does not derange the
Stomach and digestion, but the appetite and general health rapidly improve
under its tonic effects. Write us . about your case and get the best medical
advice free. Book on blood and skin diseases sent on application.
. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
Established 1823.
WILSON
That's All!
>\ SAKE JOSEPH, Representative, 3 00 Battery Street. Saa Fraacisw.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOE .' EOSENBEBG.
JOE BOSENBEHGt.
>ccocecccoo©©©©e®e©©eeoeec©o©e©e9eo©©©©e©o©9©
~j ©
I 818-820 /AARKET 5T., 5AN FRANQ5C0. |
I Values Never Before Offered. |
» Ca \ies JEWELRY |
» lliiilMSr ***** DEPARTMENT §
ig S5e5ggBifflgS5»** Ya?^ lock' A 5-Inch Heavy Mounted Oxidized ®
j o kevs iii T °P' Beaded Chatelaine; best imita- O
9 eacn " box tion cut beads. Sold else- {i gli i O
9 7 in gin. Sin. 10 in. 11 in. 12 in. where at $2.50; our price.... «i JI » vJW 0
9 G5c75cS5c95c81.O5 S1.23 9
9 Telescopic Traveling Sets, contain- Q
9 ing hairbrush, comb and tooth- An extraordinary bargain in Bead- Q
9 brush. Regular price, fl 50; "7 t\ r ed Chatelaine Bags. Our reg- czi\ r a
9 this week at ¦ *-*** I ular 75c bag this week for »-»vr\> g
j 1 — g
I Shriner Pins, Buttons, Charms and Souvenirs, S
:¦ Ftegs, Bunting, Shields and Decorations. * S
j More HammocK Specials. I
9 An open weave, 36xS0, nicely colored Cotton Hammock, concealed QQ f Q
Qi spreader, pillow and fringe. Regular $150 value; special j«j** q
9 Canvas weave, elegant and strong, 36x80, with pillow. Regular <C I OC a
9 J1S5; special C&1.JJ g
9 Canvas weave, Jacquard design, 33x80, with pillow, foot bar, wide <C| Q5S *•>
q valance. Regular $2 50; special OI.3JU «j
a An unusually handsome Hammock, 43x82, extra large pillow, steel spreader, o
rC additional spreader at foot and head, large ruffled valance. Reg- *2cl Jg
| ular 55 09; special • pjl3J •
i Gaskets at Cut Prices. §
* 13 In. 15 in. 17 in. 19 in. 21 in. ©
w Satchel Baskets 19c 2f>c 35c 43c 47c ©
9 19 in. 21 in. 22 in. O
9 Bult Case Baskets, with brass lock 75c 81. OO $1.25 ©
O 14 in. 15 in. lfi in. 17 in. 18 in. O
0 Telescope Baskets, good for country trips 19c 25c 29c .37c 45c 0
O 21 in. 22 In. 24 in. 26 in. 28 in. ©
9 Telescope Baskets, with fine double straps. . -69c 82c !)3c S1.O5 $1.17 O
9 Knife Baskets, subdivided, 11% Inch ....35c ©
| Folding Cots. f
• Canvas §1,25. $2. S2.5O I Wire 82,< $2.25, 82.5O. S3 ©
O Closing out a line of Paper Novels, a trifle shopworn. Just O tnr ©
9 the thing for camp use ** Ivrl Q
O Graustark, by McCutcheon; In the Fog, by Richard Harding Davis; QQ r ©
O The Heart's Highway, by Wilkins, and many other new copyrights at v»^l/ q
9 ©
9e©o©Qoeooooao©©©og©©©c©©a©©©©©e©©©g©o©o©©©©g
0 BARGAIN I. BARGAIN V. SI
fcl LADIES' CORSET COVERS, LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS, made |j
R| made of extra strong soft bleached of. the best "White Rock soft fl
m muslin, round and V-shaped necks bleached muslin; finished with a S J
H and tape-bound, French felled twelve-inch hemstitched flounce of f I
is seams; all sizes; the thread will Lonsdale cambric. Our low prices H
li cost you more than this corset cov- make us busy ; 4Sc 11
M er complete Oc fl
H BARGAIN II. BARGAIN VI.' H
II «/ J '^?i E .?i,.? O^?F T T^£y5 :R ;^i < ? LADIES* WHITE SKIRTS, made \ J
M ?£rtr^??* : f,i£7ti»£hlH' ?«nhK?S : of the best Knit of the Looa mw- H
II SJSH^J^f* h nT,KL e oi »". finished with a fourteen-inch 1 1
I! ery trimmed. Our cut price.... 2oc flounce of tucks and openwork em- I
Q BARGAIN III. broidery; buttonhole edge; also fl
fl LADIES' CORSET COVER. made dust ruffle. Our bargain price.. 9Sc U
|g of soft bleached Masonville muslin, ft
fci trimmed with four rows of fine BARGAIN VII 1 1
f-3 wide torchon insertion; also edged T ATVrirc , arrrffr t»,*» «* +*,.» 5 1
M -witVi tnrrhnn l«r» tn m-itr-h- (nmp LADIES SKIRT, made Of the ?!
H J» « F>J»"«'iikT"r«7 ' —•**- wide flounce, trimmed with torchon (i
-HJ BARGAIN IV. • Insertion and also a deep torchon 1 4
R LADIES' CORSET COVER, made lace. Come and see if Joe Rosen- B
H of extra fine lawn, trimmed with berg's Is not the store that adver- H
f| two rows of wide Normandy" lace tises facts. Our price 81.1O H
H Insertion, in the newest French pat- M
II terns; the top is trimmed with lace BARGAIN VIII. II
fi ~ to match insertion, new French T ATvrca' -cttttttt^ sTrTTfra m .^. si
H bet t f'o^the lelst Hrto of the ver y bes * Lonsdale oambrtc. | j
fej best for the leasts........ oOc fln i SQe d with an 18-inch flounce of 1|
O Not 50c— Our Price Is S9c. tucks and embroidery; embroidery fj
|i LADIES' CORSET COVER, mado is this season's newest Swiss pat- |J
£j of fine French lawn; colors white, terns; buttonhole edge; also dust |J
¦ black, blue, pink, lemon, lav- j ruffle, same as cut. The embroid- I J
fij ender; high neck and long sleeves, ery will cost you more than we f
H tucked front; just the garment for ask for this skirt complete.. 81.35 t
H summer waists 3Q C On Sale Bargain Counter. |
f4 P. S.— All our Corset Covers are ¦ , . V £
tjl perfect fitting and the sizes run Note— All our skirts are cut full I
M correctly, because they are made and perfect in every detail— made I
n that way. in our own factory. I.LARGEST VESSEL IN PORT
AND ONE OF THE BIGGEST
ON THE COAST.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Times and Heights of High Mid Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance o San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
THURSDAY, JUNE 12.
Movements of Steamers.
XOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United State?
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, -and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE,
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 11— Schr Ida
McKay, from Eureka; stmr Fulton. *<rom Eu
reka; Bchr Ruth E Godfrey, from Redondo, in
tow tusr Sea Witch. r
Sailed June 11 — Schr Joseph Russ, for Port
SEATTLE — Arrived June 10— Stmr Despatch,
hence June 6; stmr Santa Barbara, hence June
7. June 11 — Stmr Humboldt, from Skagway;
stmr Cottage City, from Skagway. /
ASTORIA — Arrived June 10 — Schr El Dora
do, from Cnllao.
Arrived June 11 — Bktn Quickstep, hence May
28: Br stmr Oceano,. [ f rom Mororan.
Sailed June 11 — Stmr Alliance, for Satf
Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed June 11— Schr Com
merce, for Guayaquil.
EUREKA — Sailed June 10 — Stmra Eureka
and Arctic, for San Francisco; schr Fortuna,
for San Francisco.
I POINT REYES— Passed June 11. at 7 p m—
Bark Kaiulanl, . from Honolulu, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed May 11— Stmr National City, for San
Francisco; schr Ruth E Godfrey, for Puget
Sound.
COOS BAY — Arrived June 10 — Schr Ivy,
hence June 2; schr Western Home, "hence
May 28: stmr Arcata, hence June 7.
REDONDO — Arrived June 11 — Stmr Sequoia,
from Aberdeen; stmr Aberdeen, from Astoria.
Arrived June 11 — Schr William Renton, from
Port Harford, for New Whatcom; schr Comet,
from San Pedro.
- Passed inward June 11 — Schr H D Bendlxen,
hence May 30, for Port Gamble.
Sailed June 11 — Scbr Wm Renton, for New
Whatcom.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 11— Schr
Robert Sarles, hence May 28, for Port Blake
ley.
Sailed June 11 — Ship A J Fuller, for Ever
ett.
Passed outward June 11— Ger stmr Hathor,
from Puget Sound ports, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, June 11. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, -velocity ¦ 14 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
May 23, lat IS, Ion 32 W (and" not as be
fcre)—Ger bark Wandsbek, from Penarth, for
Santa Rosalia.
Per stmr Queen, from Victoria June 11 — June
9, at 1:25 p m, off Cape Gorda, a four-masted
English stmr (no name could be obtained).
June 10, 10 a m, passed three-masted schr
standing In for Humboldt bar.
SPOKEN.
Schr S Danlelson, Larsen, Sluslaw River.
Wednesday, June 11.
Stmr Santa Cruz,' Nicholson, San Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Redwood City, Moe, Bowens Landing.
Schr Newark, Nielsen, Wells Landing.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
. Wednesday, June 11.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; Charles
Nelson Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
¦ Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; OR &
N Co.
Stmr Pleiades, Purrlngton, Panama: Pana
ma R R & SS Line.
¦ Ger bark Paul Isenberg, WIchert, Queens
town; EpDlnger & Co.
Brig Consuelo, Jacobsen, Guaymas; E H
Schaufler.
Schr Lily, Nelson, Z% days from Umpqua.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. I
}*Z. ¦'"Wednesday, June 11.
Stmr Phoenix, Ordland, 14 hours from Men
doclno.
Stm'r Queen, Hall, 56 hours • from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.-
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, 24 hours from Eu
reka. -' •
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 23^4 hours from Eel
River.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from Eureka.
Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, 8S hours i from
Nanaimo. ¦ /
Ship Tlllle E Starbuck, Curtis, 23 days from
Honolulu. ...
Br shlD Cardiganshire, Stevens, 123 days
from Swansea. . •
Schr J B Leeds, . Olsen, 40 hours from Eu
reka. . ' • . . .
Townsend: scbr S W P Wltzemann, for Port
Townsend; schr Dora Bluhm, for Umpqua
River.' -•-.: .. . ... : , . .:.-.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed,. Tune Ml-J-Schr Geo W
Watson, for San Francisco. : >. .
NEAH BAY — Passed in June 11— Br atmr
Aoranci, from Brisbane, for Vancouver; bktn
Wrestler, hence May 31, for Port Gamble.
Passed • out June 11 — Schr Wm -Olsen, for
San Francisco: brls W G Irwln, for Sac
Francisco; Br ship Ladakah, for United King
dom; Ger stmr Hathor, for San Francisco. /
VENTURA— Sailed June 11— Schr Fanny
Dutard, for Port Blakeley.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Arrived June
1— Stmr Mineola, hence May 20.
SINGAPORE — Passed Drigr to June 11 — Br
stmr Seneca, from New Tork, for Manila.
SHIELDS— Arrived June 10— Br ship Ilala,
from Astoria.
LONDON — Arrived June 11 — Br ship Anau
rus, from Astoria.
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 11— Br ihlp
Wendur, from Astoria.
DUNGENESS— Passed June »— Ger ship
Henrietta, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
ANTWERP — Sailed June 8 — Fr bark Belen,
for San Francisco.
HAMBURG,— Sailed June 7 — Br ship Matter
horn, for Oregon.
Arrived June 10-^Ship Kenllworth, from Ta
coma. " : ,
LONDON— Sailed June 10— Br ship Peng
wern, for Vancouver.
NAGASAKI— Sailed June 7— Ger bark NIobe,
foriOre~on.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 10— ItaA bark
Zllia, hence Feb 6.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prfor to June 10—
Bktn T P Emlsrh, from Tacoma.
VANCOUVER— Sailed June 11— Br shiD J D
Everett, for Royal . Roads for crew, thence to
Queensboro.
Arrived June 11 — Ship Dashing Wave, from
Tacoma. : ¦ .
Sailed , June 11— Stmr Umatllla, for New
Whatcom.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived June 8— Scbr R
C Elade, from Grays Harbor.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed June 11— Ger «tmr
Abydos, for San Francisco. .
VICTORIA — Arrived June 11 — Br itmr
Aorangl, from Australia and Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 11— Stmr Iver
nla, from. Liverpool, for Boston.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 11— Stmr Manl
tou, for London; stmr St Louis, for Southamp
ton; stmr Laurent Ian, for Glasgow; stmr Ger
manic, for Liverpool; stmr Frlesland, for Ant
werp..
'-Reinsurance on the' French bark Charle
magne was advanced yesterday to 70 per cent.
Reinsurance Change.
Round tri:-> transfer tickets now on sals
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 60 cents. Morton Special Delivery.
408 Taylor street, 650 Market street and
Oakland . ferry depot. •
Notice to Passengers.
' William Johnson, a sailor on the British ship
Craigmore. yesterday stabbed Herman Hcss
chen, the ship's cook. Johnson, who was drunk,
objected to the cook acting as instructor to the
newly engaged steward. Hesschen's wound
was treated at the Harbor Hospital. . Johnson
was arrested.
Makes Objection With a Knife.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sierra,
which sails at 7 o'clock this evening for Hon- v
olulu and Australia, will carry a big cargo and
and full complement of passengers. Among
the latter will be David Starr Jordan, who goes
to Samoa to study the South Sea fishes. Miss
Lillle Spreckels and Master Claus Spreckels
will be passengers as far as Honolulu. - Colonel
W. Bell. U. S. Consul at Sydney, Koes on the
Sierra to his Australian post. Jean Gerardy,
the violinist, and ten members of the Pollard
Opera Company will be passengers. Their des
tination is Sydney. »
. Will Carry Many Passengers.
"We can account for Plaw's defeat only
by considering he has reached the limit of
his powers. He met a better man than
himself In Dewitt of Princeton. In prac
tice before the Princeton meet Plaw
threw the hammer more than 170 feet. He
became rattled In competition." ,
, "The score at Yale should have been
closer. Hussey would have won the
broad jump had he not sprained his leg
at the first jump. Redewell lost the mile
run through a wrong decision.
"We beat Princeton in single competi
tion because ours is a better balanced
team. Princeton secured a higher place
at Mott Haven as. she has several star
men who are sure winners In their events.
"We were outclassed at Yale and at tho
Mctt Haven games. We should never
have met Chicago, as by that time we
were worn-out. I feel the team made the
best showing possible considering the
transcontinental trip and the climatic
conditions under which we trained and
competed.
William A. Powell, the hurdler and high
jumper, who brings back medals won for
places in the high jump at Yale and Mott
Haven, had the following explanation to
make concerning the poor work of the
California team:
Graduate Manager Ezra Decoto, F. H.
Redewell, S. A. Tibblts and W. A. Powell
of the University of California track team
returned yesterday . from the East. The
men show the effects of their long jour
ney and the hard training in which they
have engaged. They speak reluctantly of
the poor showing California made against
Yale, Chicago and in the Mott Haven In
tercollegiate games.
Cause of Team's Poor
Showing. ,
Hurdler Powell Explains the
Berkeley Men •Admit
They Were Out-.
classed.
ATHLETES HOME
FROM THE EAST
TO SAIL.
NEW ORLEANS, June 11.— The United
States Grand Jury which has been investi
gating the beef trust was to-day dismissed
•without any indictment having been returned.
When the revenue cutter Perry was hauled
tsp on Boole's marine ways It was found that
the leak which necessitated her return to port
was caused by the springing of three plates.
The fault has been remedied and the cutter will
resume her cruise in a few days.
Plates Were Sprung.
Thomas Lyons and Thomas Hurray,
sailor boarding-house runners, were on
preliminary examination yesterday be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock on a charge of having enticed
three sailors to leave the British ship
Bwansa before that vessel had been
twenty-four hours In port Bert Schles
lnger, on behalf of the defendants, tried
to make it appear that the sailors left
the ship of their own volition without
any coaxing or enticing on the part of the
defendants. The examination, was con
tinued until next Monday on account of
the absence of two witnesses.
Boarding-House Runners in Trouble.
SENATORS LOSE AGAIN".
Hake a Sad Start in. the Southern
Series.
LOS AXGELES, June 1L— The Senators
presented rather a patched front to the
Seraphs to-day, and were 'defeated with
ease. Pete Dowling made an unim
pressive start In the pitcher's box. He
retired at the beginning of the third in
ning in favor of Mike Steffani, who was
batted hard in the seventh and eighth in
nings.
Good fielding by the locals kept the
score down. The Senators' first run was
made in the fourth on Lawler's base hit,
Hanlon's error, a stolen base and Ung
laub's two-base hit. Their ' other run
was made in the 6ixth, when Unglaub
put the ball over the, fence for a home
run. Jones pitched good ball and fielded
his position in style. Score:
£OS ANGELES. -
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s. e 5 1 1 2 1 S 1
tVaddell. I. t 3 3 10 10 0
Raynjer. 2b 4 12 0 3 4 0
Householder, c. f 3 3 1 0 3 00
Reilly. Sb. 3 0 113 4 0
Roach, r. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Anderson, c. S 1 2 1 5 0 0
Kanlon. lb. 3 10 19 0 1
Jones, p 4 0 2 1 0 6 0
Total* 34 10 11 6 27 18 2
a
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dcyle, 1. t 4 0 10 10 0
Lawler, e. f 4 10 14 0 1
Eagan, lb. 4 0.0 0 8 0 0
fnglaub, f. s 4 '12 0 3 4 1
Ebeehan. Sb 4 0 2 O 14 2
Hulen. 2b 4 0 0 0 4 2 1
Graham, e 3 O 1 0.31' O
Warner, r. t 4 0 O O ,' O 0.0
Dow ling, p 1 0 1 O O 0 O
Fteffani. p 3 0 1 0 O 3 0
Hogan. c ....0 0 0 0 0 0-1
Totals 35 2 8 1 24 14 6
SCORE BY INNINGS. •
Los Angeles 1 0 0 0' 2 0 5 2 • — 10
Base hits 1 10 12 0 3 3 • — 11
Eacramento 0 OO1010O O — 2
Ease hitt 0 O11O231O—8
SUMMARY.
Home run — Unglaub. , Two-base hits—'
Householder, Roach, WadAell, Unglaub, Gra
ham, Eheehan. Sacrifice hit — Reilly. First
base on errors — Los Angeles 3, Sacramento 2.
First base on called balls— Off Jones 1, Dow-
Ung 3, Steffani 5. Left on bases — Los Angeles
fi, Sacramento 7. Struck out — By Jones 5.
Double plays — Jones to Reilly to Toman to
Raymer and Raymer to Toman to Hanlon.
Time of game — 1 :55. Umpire — O'Connell.
The nine ehriners from El Pony tem
ple did not even have to make a pilgrim
age to land on the oasis eight times yea
terday In the desert of Golden Gate.
Noble Crlstall'a extreme liberality In Is
suing numerous complimentary checks to
the starting point, coupled with a few
costly infield mishaps, made the champs
run a bad second. Score I to 3.
It looked aa though there -would be
some trouble when the Oakland band
began to wallop llr. Glendon In the fifth,
but It all ended when Gorton was caughf
napping off second with big McCreedie
«.t bat looking- fierce. Glendon pitched a
fine Quality of ball and fielded his posi
tion perfectly. McHale and Mohler took
all the hard chance medals, each making
a phenomenal catch. Francks Is still un
able to play, and his absence sadly crip
pled Ewing's bunch. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BE SB. PO. A. E.
¦Walterm, c t 4 110 7 0 0
Mohler, 2b 4 0 0 0 3 6 0
Etreib. lb 4.0 2 0 12 0 1
McCreedie, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Devereaux, c 4 0 2 0 0 12
Dunlcavy. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Schmidt. I. I. 4 12 0 10 0
Gorton, c 2 0 1 0 2 0 0
Crlbtall, p 3 10 0 14 0
Lohnian, c 1 O 0 0 1 10
Total* 34 3 8 0 27 12 4
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, 1. f 4 1 1 0 S 0 0
Kordyke. lb. 5 10 0 8 2 0
Shugart, 2b 4 12 0 10 0
Leahy, c 2 2 0 0 3 2 0
Holly, es 2 10 15 0 1
Rellly. 3b 4 0 0 0 12 0
Delmas. c. f. 4 O 1 O S O O
Kane, r. 1 3 10 0 0 0 0
Glendon, p 3 1 0 0 1 3 0
Totals 31 8 4 1 27 9 1
RUNS AND IKITS BY INNINGS.
Ean Francisco ..10031000 3 — S
Base Hits 1 O 0 2 0 0 0 0 1 — I
Oakland 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 O 0 — 3
Base Hits 1 1 O O 4 1 1 0 0—8
SUMMARY.
Three-base hits — Shugart. Two-base' hits
—McHale, Schmidt, Streib. Sacrifice hit— Mc-
Hale. First base on errors — Oakland 1, San
Francisco 4. First base on called balls — Off
Cristall 7. Left on bases — Oakland 4. San
Francisco 6. Struck out — By Cristall 1, by
Glendon 1. Double play — Mohler to Streib.
Time of game — 1 hour 45 minutes. Umpire —
McDonald.
Glen don Pitches in Superb
Form Throughout the
Struggle.
Cristall's 'Poor Control
Proves Costly for
Oakland.
PONIES OUTPLAY
EWING'S CHAMPS
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time Ball.
Branch/ Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, Ean Francisco, Cal.,
June 11, 1002.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon, to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m., Greenwich time.
5 W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant.- U. S. N., in charge.
The barkentlne Fullerton. the largest wood
en vessel built on the Pacific Coast, will be
launched at 5 o'clock this afternoon, at Hay &
Wright's shipyard, Alameda Point. The 4:15
narrow gauge boat .from the ferry depot will
connect with the launching and those attend
ing will be able to return to the city by 6:30
p. m. The Fullerton has been built for the
Union Oil Company and is equipped with tanks
for carrying the liquid fuel. She will be chris
tened by Miss Josephine Roller, and the build
ers, through The Call, extend an Invitation to
be present at the launching to any and all of
the strangers how visiting the city.
Launching of the Pullerton.
1053 pkgs freeh fruit, 241 pkgs fresh vegeta
bles, 20,030 lbs dried fruit, - 3200 lbs raisins,
960 lbs nuts, 748 lbs chocolate, 120 lbs coffee,
1511 lbs cheese, 8090 lbs millstuffs, COO lbs
eugar, 2260 lbs butter, 79 gals wine, 140 bxs
paste, 10 cs canned fruit, 105 cs canned oys
ters, 200 lbs dried shrimps, 35 cs mustard, j 3
bbls baking powder, 41 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 172 cts potatoes, 201 cts . onions, 10
pkgs machinery, 2 drums sulphuric . acid, 646
lbs leaf tobacco, 1045 pigs lead, 178 eks Cum
berland coal, 106 pigs tin, 48 bdls sheet steel,
00 tubes. •.}-„"'%-.¦
The steamer City of Puebla sailed -on Tues
day for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at $24,800. The following were
the principal shipments:
Exports to British Columbia.
206,275 gals wine, . 126 ' gals brandy, 500 cs
canned fruit, S132 cs canned salmon, 162,000
lbs dried hides. 17 bales dry skins, 545,131 lbs
grease wool, 96.084 lbs bone black, ¦ 203,240 lbs
copper matte. 5587 pigs lead, 424 bbls asphal
tum. 1072 lbs beeswax, 1 pkg machinery, 142
pkgs sheels, 550 sks tattle horns, 116 pkgs
toys, 20 Eteel plates, 8 bdls chairs, . 654 cs
toothpicks. In addition to the foregoing the
steamer carried the following shipments: To
Panama, 3120 ft lumber, valued at $90; Port
of Spain, 50 cs canned ealmon, valued at $200;
Barbadoes. 300 cs canned salmon, valued at
$480; Belgium, 43 cs canned fruit, valued at
$129; Hamburg, 15 cs canned fruit, valued
at $45. \
The steamer Pleiades cleared yesterday for
Panama with cargo en route to New York
valued at $270,118. The principal shipments
were as follows :
Merchandise for Ne-w York.
In addition to the cargo previously reported
the steamer Palena. which sailed on Tuesday
for Valparaiso and way ports, carried the fol
lowing shipments:
To Central America — 300 bbls flour, 547 gals
wine and 6 bales cotton goods; -value $1C4O.
To Panama — 300 bbls flour, 250 cs eoap and 21
pkgs groceries; value $1310.
To Ecuador — 600 bbls flour, valued at $2100.
To Peru — 3400 bbls flour, valued at $12,
900.
Additional Cargo.
The brig Consuelo was cleared yesterday for
Guaymas with the following cargo, destined
for Topolobampo: 400 tons coal in bulk, val
ued at §2080, and 1028 redwood ties, valued
at $526.
A Cargo for Mexico.
The German ship Paul Isenberg was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with
43.270 ctls wheat, valued at $49,7C0, and 20,000
ft lumber as dunnage, valued at (300.
Wheat for Europe.
The British ship Tweedsdale Is chartered for
wheat from Tacoma to South Africa. The
French bark Jacobsen loads wheat at Port
land for Europe at 26s 3d, chartered prior to
arrival. The schooner Resolute was chartered
prior to arrival for lumber from Palrhaven to
Tocopilla at 40s. V v
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The German ship Alsterdamm, which arrived
Monday from Santa Rosalia, Is the largest sail
ing vessel In port and the biggest that has been
In the harbor for many days. Her net ton
nage Is S25S tons. She Is larger than the Shen
andqah, which Is- also in port. The Alster
damm was formerly the British ship Somali.
Largest Ship in Port.
The German bark Paul Isenberg, which, ar
rived May 31 In ballast from Honolulu, will
sail to-day for Queenstown with a cargo of
grain. " She has received about the quickest
dispatch In the history of the port. She went
to Port Costa on Sunday to load. She was
loaded and at anchor In the stream off "Val
lejo street on Tuesday. She Is now all ready
for sea. She cleared yesterday and will leave
to-day, having been in port just eleven days.
Record Dispatch.
Permission will be granted to the Gov
ernment to erect a self-registering tide
guage in the vicinity of Meiggs- wharf.
The Government engineers want to take
observations of the tide during the re
moval of the debris of Arch Rock.
R. P. Schwerin wants the board to keep
all scows and small schooners away from
the vicinity of the Pacific Mail dock, as
they Interfere with the docking of tne
company's steamships.
MOWARD HOLMES and Assistant
Engineer TJhlig, Uhrough their
attorney, J. " H. Miller, made a
proposition to the Harbor Com
* missioners yesterday whereby
further litigation on the subject of the
Holmes-Uhllg: patent might be avoided.
Holmes recently sued the commission for
damages sustained through the board's
using a form of wharf piling} patented by
him and Uhlig. The court I ordered the
Commissioners to pay him $5000, compen
sation for the use of the Holmes-Uhlig
patent up to 190L The board has ap
pealed the case. The appeal Is now
pending. Miller on behalf of his clients
offers to submit a proposition for amica
ble settlement of the difficulty, which will
avoid further legal expense to the State.
Miller's request for a conference was re
ferred to Attorney Budd.
A letter from the Drayman's Associa
tion thanking the commission for the use
of water front roadways and compliment
ing the board on the manner in which
said roads are maintained was read at
yesterday's meeting-.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, JtTNE 12, 1902.
HOLMES MAY COMPROMISE CLAIM
AGAINST HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
8
Sun rises .... . ... . ;; . M'.T. .".'. . i'i . ;>' 4:47
Sun sets 7:32
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:00 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
b . Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
oHW LW HW LW
12 4:20 4.3 10:30 0.0 5:32 6.6 11:50 2^2
13 5:38 4.0 11:20 1.4 6:22 6.6
LW H W L. W H "W .
14 0:53 1.8 0:55 3.9 12:22 1.8 7:10 8.7
15 1:47 1.3 8:10 3.0 1:10 2.2 7:54 5.6
16 2:33 0.8 9:14 4.0 1:55 2.6 8:34 5.6
17 3:20 0.3 10:10 4.1 2:39 2.8 9:13 6 6
IS 4:00—0.111:00 4.2 3:20 2.9 0:47 5.5
Steamer. i
From.
Due.
¦
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma
Lakme.... ... Portland & Astoria .....
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Santa Iios»^ San Dlegcf & Way Ports
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports
descent City Crescent City
Pentaur Hamburg & West Coast.
Edith Seattle :...
Hathor Seattle
Arcata coos Bay & Port Orford
Eureka Seattle
Chehalis Grays Harbor
Gaelic China & Japan'..
G. W. Elder. ., Portland & Astoria
Newburg.... Grays Harbor
G. Dollar Grays Harbor
Alliance Portland & Way Ports..
Pomona Humboldt
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena..
Rival Willapa Harbor
Eureka Humboldt
Mackinaw... Tacoma
Sequoia Redondo
Umatilla Puset Sound Ports
Santa Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports.
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports.
Coronado.... San Pedro ".
North Fork.. Humboldt
Alameda Honolulu
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor ..........
San Juan Panama & Way Ports..
Leelanaw.... New York via, Panama.
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria
Hongkong Ma China & Japan
Hyades Honolulu
Tampico Kahulul
CityPuebla.. Pupet Sound Ports
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports..
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 13
June- 13
June 13
June 13
June 14
June 14
June li
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 15
June 16
June 10
June 16-
June 1(5
June 16
June 16
June 17
June 17
June 17
June IS
June 18
June 18
June 19
June 20
June 20
June 20
June 21
June 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
June 12.
Pleiades N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm
Mandalay.. Coquille River ....10 am
Phoenix.... Mendodno City ..:. 3 pm
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pm
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 7 pm!
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am
June 13.
S. -Monica.. Humboldt 4 pm
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am
June 14.
Arctic Humboldt ....12 m
Iaqua Humboldt lpm
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
Arcata.>. . . Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m
June 15. • • . , .
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. . 9 am
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Whatccm. 5 pm
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way. . 9 am
June 10.
Peking China & Japan ... 1 pm
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p
Lukme..... Portland & Way... 5 pm
Alliance.... Portland & Way...
June IT.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor B pm
Albion Rlv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm
G. Dollar. .. Grays Harbor 4 pm
Newburg... Grays Harbor 5 pm
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am
June 18.
Rival WlUapa Harbor ... 12 m
Eureka.... Seattle &. Tacoma
Acapulco. .. Panama & Way... 12 m
June 10. ¦ 93
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am
Jnnc 20. .
North Fork Humboldt ......... 1 pm
Hathor Hamburg & Way. . .
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
June 21.
Gaelic China & Japan .... 1 pm
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 4 pm
*
Pier 10
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
I !
Pier 2
Pier 28
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 10
Pier 2
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 16
PIer« 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 2
p'mss"
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 19
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 2
Steamer,
For.
Sails.
Santa Ana. . . Skapwav & Valdes. . .'. :: June 12
Nome City. . . Nome & • Oolofnln Bay. June 12
Humboldt. ... Skagway & Way Ports. June 13
Spokane Skagway & -Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway & - Way Ports. June 14
City Topcka. . Skagway & Way ¦ Ports. June 19
Fa,rallon . . . ; . Skagway ¦ & Way ' Ports. June 20
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Sun rises .... . ... . ;; . M'.T. .".'. . i'i . ;>' 4:47
Sun sets 7:32
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:00 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
b . Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
oHW LW HW LW
12 4:20 4.3 10:30 0.0 5:32 6.6 11:50 2^2
13 5:38 4.0 11:20 1.4 6:22 6.6
LW H W L. W H "W .
14 0:53 1.8 0:55 3.9 12:22 1.8 7:10 8.7
15 1:47 1.3 8:10 3.0 1:10 2.2 7:54 5.6
16 2:33 0.8 9:14 4.0 1:55 2.6 8:34 5.6
17 3:20 0.3 10:10 4.1 2:39 2.8 9:13 6 6
IS 4:00—0.111:00 4.2 3:20 2.9 0:47 5.5
Steamer. i
From.
Due.
¦
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma
Lakme.... ... Portland & Astoria .....
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Santa Iios»^ San Dlegcf & Way Ports
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports
descent City Crescent City
Pentaur Hamburg & West Coast.
Edith Seattle :...
Hathor Seattle
Arcata coos Bay & Port Orford
Eureka Seattle
Chehalis Grays Harbor
Gaelic China & Japan'..
G. W. Elder. ., Portland & Astoria
Newburg.... Grays Harbor
G. Dollar Grays Harbor
Alliance Portland & Way Ports..
Pomona Humboldt
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena..
Rival Willapa Harbor
Eureka Humboldt
Mackinaw... Tacoma
Sequoia Redondo
Umatilla Puset Sound Ports
Santa Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports.
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports.
Coronado.... San Pedro ".
North Fork.. Humboldt
Alameda Honolulu
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor ..........
San Juan Panama & Way Ports..
Leelanaw.... New York via, Panama.
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria
Hongkong Ma China & Japan
Hyades Honolulu
Tampico Kahulul
CityPuebla.. Pupet Sound Ports
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports..
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 13
June- 13
June 13
June 13
June 14
June 14
June li
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 15
June 16
June 10
June 16-
June 1(5
June 16
June 16
June 17
June 17
June 17
June IS
June 18
June 18
June 19
June 20
June 20
June 20
June 21
June 23
Steamer,
For.
Sails.
Santa Ana. . . Skapwav & Valdes. . .'. :: June 12
Nome City. . . Nome & • Oolofnln Bay. June 12
Humboldt. ... Skagway & Way Ports. June 13
Spokane Skagway & -Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway & - Way Ports. June 14
City Topcka. . Skagway & Way ¦ Ports. June 19
Fa,rallon . . . ; . Skagway ¦ & Way ' Ports. June 20
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
June 12.
Pleiades N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm
Mandalay.. Coquille River ....10 am
Phoenix.... Mendodno City ..:. 3 pm
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pm
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 7 pm!
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am
June 13.
S. -Monica.. Humboldt 4 pm
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am
June 14.
Arctic Humboldt ....12 m
Iaqua Humboldt lpm
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
Arcata.>. . . Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m
June 15. • • . , .
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. . 9 am
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Whatccm. 5 pm
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way. . 9 am
June 10.
Peking China & Japan ... 1 pm
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p
Lukme..... Portland & Way... 5 pm
Alliance.... Portland & Way...
June IT.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor B pm
Albion Rlv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm
G. Dollar. .. Grays Harbor 4 pm
Newburg... Grays Harbor 5 pm
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am
June 18.
Rival WlUapa Harbor ... 12 m
Eureka.... Seattle &. Tacoma
Acapulco. .. Panama & Way... 12 m
June 10. ¦ 93
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am
Jnnc 20. .
North Fork Humboldt ......... 1 pm
Hathor Hamburg & Way. . .
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
June 21.
Gaelic China & Japan .... 1 pm
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 4 pm
*
Pier 10
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
I !
Pier 2
Pier 28
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 10
Pier 2
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 16
PIer« 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 2
p'mss"
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 19
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 2
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Aye,
NO SAW EDGES.
SOMETHING NEW IN LAUNDRY
WORK i
Always leaves our workrooms in every
package we send out.
Cleanliness always; janfl a finish that
correct form designates as the proper
thing.
One parcel here will convince you that
our work is pleasing to your taste.
SOUTrTERTTPACIFIC
Trains leave anti-are due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Line, toot of Market Street)
gA T« — "Fbom Jrxa 1. 1902. — arkitT
" 7.00a Benicia, Sulaun, Elmirasnd Sacra.-
mento 6-53p
7 00a VacavlIIe, Winter*. Bumsey 7-55?
•7 30a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa. Callstoga, Saata Rosa 6 25p
8 COa DarU.Wowdlaad, KnUhta Lauding.
'•".--¦- Maryavllle. Orovllle 755p
8.00a Atlantic Ex pre»i— Cgden and Eaat. 8.25a
8 00a Nlles, Luthrop, Stockton 7.2Sp
8 00a Xlles. Mendota, Hanford. Vlsalla,
rorterriUc 465»
8 30a 'Shasta Express— ?Javi», Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
lied Bluff, Portland 755p
8 30a San Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Plncerville,
Msrysvllle, Bed Bluff 425r
8 30a 0*lcdale,ChIncse,Sonara,Tuolamne 425f
900a Vallejo <. 1225*
S D0a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, l,«throp,Stocfcton.Merced.
Kaymond.Fresno and Los Angeles 8-254
9 30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.55r
10 03a Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. tl2.5aF
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. B.25p
t1 00p Sacramento Kir er Steamer" tli-OOF
3 00* Benicia. Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland, Williams. Willows,
Knlsnts Landing. Marysvllle.
Orovllle 19'5?*
S SOr Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 755p
taOr Martinez,SanRamon.ValleJo,Napa,
Calfstoga. Santa Rosa 9-25*
<t00p Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12-25r
43Qp Hayward,XIles,SanJo8e.LlTennore t3.55A
2'30r The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersleld, Saujrus for SanU
Barbara, Lo» Angeles 8 55a
5 OOp PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 10-25a
B.OOp Martinez. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 1 ?'2 5f
t5.30P Nlles Local •,-•••; Z 2| A
6 00P Hay ward, Nlles and San Jose ,T§f A
tG.OOP Vallejo •- I1.Z5a
Oriental Mall-Ogden, Denyer,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4.25*
7 OOP San Pnblo. Port Couta, Martinez
and AVar Stations 11-25a
t700P Vallejo ••••• 755?
8 05p OrKgon & California Express-Sac-
ramento. Marysville. Bedding.
Portland, Puuet Sound and East. 8-55a
ta.TQp Hayward and Nlles t11.S5A
COAST LINE Oarrow Oan 5 e).
w (Foot of -Market Street.)
J7.45A Santa Cruz Excursion iSOSr
8.15a Newark, Centerville. San Jose,
Felion, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations B ottP
t2.15P Newark. Centerville. San Jose.
New Almaden, Kelton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 12'55 A
415p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos t8.50a
•4.15P San Jose. Los Gatos. Santa Cruz... c8.50a
" OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 17:15 9:00 11:C0a.JI. 1.00 300 6.15r.H.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:0t) {3:00
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad «au 5 e).
(Third ana Townsend Streeta.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 8.33*
t7.00A San Jo*e and Way Station* +8-C0a
/7.10a New AlTnaden /4.10P
{7.15a Monterey Excursion J3-30?
8.00a Coa.it Line Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy. Salinas, San Luis Oblspo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10 43*
8.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations ' 4.10>
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
1130a PanJose.LosGatosandWayStatloni 19.00a
<»1.30p San Joscand Way Stations a7.Q0r
2.30P San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jose. Tres
Plnos, .Santa Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove 10.48a
t3.30P San Jose and Way Stations 7.3OP
14-GOp Del Monte Express — Only stops San
Jose t12.01*
4.30p San Jose and PrtncipalWay Stations 1.30p
tS-OOP San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 5.30?
5-30P San Jose and Principal Way Stations S-3Cr
fg.15P San Mateo, Belmont. Kedwood,
McnloParSc. Palo Alto 16.48*.
6.30p San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
7.00p New Orleans Express— San Luis
Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demlnjc, El Paso, New
Orleans and East 10-1 3 A
•11 -45p San Jose and Way Stations m
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
6 Saturday and /Tuesday and Frldajk
Sunday only.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
I>ava Market-Street Ferry Depot.
. .1 ¦» Lira' a 1 j
Local Mon& Local CtvrVd
Daily Thura Dally DaUy
Lv Han Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:18 p 11:15 p
" Merced .. 2:33 p 1:17 p 1:30a
•* Fresno .. 4:10 p 2:35'p 3}15*
" Hanford . 5:53 p 3:27 p 8:05 &
-Vlsalla .. 5:33p... 5:00a
" B'kersrd 8:10 p 5:20p 7:33a>
" Kan City 2:31a 8:02 a
" Chicago I 2:15 P I 8:47 p
a lor morning, p ior afternoon.
9:00 a. zar Dally is Bakersfleld Local,
stopping at all points in San Joaquln Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
dally. -: --
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is th»
California Limited./ carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runa to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrive*
at 11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing: train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. rn. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts cut at Fresno.
Corresponding: train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN £1. CO
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NOBTH PAClFli
RAILWAY COMPAXT.
Tlbaron Vcrrr, Foot of S&tu-ket St*
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIo
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:90 a. m.; 1:30k 3:30.
5:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAN KAJTAKl. TO S.U FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— ti:03, 7:33, 7:50. 8:20, U:l»
a. m.; 12:00, 8:40, 0:00, 6:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 8:55 p. m.
SXINDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:4«,
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrtvs
San Franctacol May 4, 1903. I San Francisco
"Week I Sun- I Desttna- I Sun- I AVeelc
Days. I days. | tion. | days. ( Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ixnaclo 9:10 a 8:40 %
8:30 p 0:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
6:10 p fi:0Op JNovato 6:05 p 6:20 9
,, 7:35p
7:30 a 8:00 a ' JPetaluma 10:40 a 8:40a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 »
6:10 p 6:00 p Santa Roaa. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton I
7:30a Windsor 10:20 a
0:00 p Healdsbur* 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservlll*
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:33 p 6:30 g>
7:30 a] 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a!10:20 a
8:30 p| 5:00 p| Uktah\ I 7:35 pf 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| W1111U I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al GuernevUI* I 7:35 P|10:20 a
3:30 p| 6:00 pj |10:40 a| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 2 : 12*l f : i2*
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al B«bastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| 1 7:33 p| 6:20 p
~Etases connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers and Boonevllle; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,. Kelseyvtll*.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'a.
Buckncll's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Ktevens. Hopkins. Mendodno City, Fort Brajts.
West port, Usal: at Wllllts for Sherwood. Cahta.
Covelo. Laytonville. Cummlngs. Bell's Spring
Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia ana
to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays^ — Round-tr'p tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. • „ .
Ticket office. 650. Market st, Chronlcls bulld-
lD H. C. WHITTNO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HOU^T TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry j Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- ¦ ~ Sun- Week
9:30a. 8:00a. «^*»- \^
%& Sa. «.-*.«.,-— 3 ;^p: l^:
l"w* fcE ' w " kIlv '"' J - 4:50 P ••
' Z.ZZ li30 r. "T»K» OF TilJftf W 5:50 r -
2:30 p. Otwitnttjwwut 8:15 T —;
MTUM»!JMl!-i«T.Tw««»:3o».«riT.s»r« M i«>n:*j ""
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
eausEUM of anatomy^
Ca 1051 mm ss. t«t. e± sra, s.r.Cii. k
JjT .., The L»f test Anatomical Museum in the \
World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
K9 *« 2 -'e.l»«» l ««**«3' «r«<l hy the oldest Y
fl^^fl b P ecll - l;itonlhe CoasL Ejl 36 years. ©
fiSSf h DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM A
IWilfi Consultation free and strictly pi-irate. \
J J&WL fl TrMtIn « n t personally or by 1-tter. A B
I W <SS J^titive Cure in erery case undertaken. T
Ptf II ft Write for Book. PRILOIurnYef A
¦ U 1^ ¦*«RIASE, MAILED FltKE. (AT
Q y, valuable book for mrn) - \
JDB. JOBDAN A CO., 1051 JMartct St.,S. F. Y
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
{THE WHITE PASS AND
? YUKON ROUTE
, , IX*M DAYS SANPR AXCISCO TO
\ " T • , . * . . . ' Francisco.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sansaltto Ferry,
Commencing April 27, 1902.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, »10-00 11 -no
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN KRANCISCft
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. «6:20, 7:40 8OB. iS-S 1
11:00 a. m.. 12:25, 2:15. T 3:35, 4UO. 6:36 1^
10:15 p. m. . ~ • "•'••
SUNDAYS— 6:00. »8:00. 0:30. *ll-00 > m
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40? 7-43 R^^ioS?-
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:B5. 10:05, u-io i ». v
12:15. l:2U. 2:30, 3:45. *:00i''&0^ £V"l0u5
**" THROUGH TRAINS.
•UWok** Week - da7l| -- Cazadero •»«
.UttoL 0 - a ' Wwdl »^»*» .nd-w,,
"To^leJ-a^a^ SSSJ****** "cepted)-
'.tfttoiu^ "" and wa,
stluc-^.*- "• Sunda y—^int Reye. and w
Bundly 1 SS^ "« -tnon. wlil run'' o*
['there is happiness in. I
• Gh^ VIGOROUS HEALTH |
• P ont ' you want t0 feel the &low of new-born •
2 >S 1^ life iri your blood and nerves, to feel the bub- •
S If fr* *\.b\'mg spirit of youth^again? Don't you want S
9 _J J£~f&L w*r~ to have a strong heart, courage, S
9 EHBS^^Ste^SS^^S nerves v °f st eel, self-confidence, o
9 mMSffl.jMBSS&SSfSttSSHBm strength, ambition, energy, grit •
© fram^P^SSS^^^SsH and endurance? Don't you want •
% WSSBEdESr? \ t0 . berid ofthe " com e and go" ©
a W$B£»fB&&B ' 2^ '^^BKl P a ' ms > tn e Rheumatism, Dyspepsia, ®
3 fBMHB«OT jBwfc, Varicocele, Weak Back and the 2
® JStiSBttBaffioP fflBT"^ >irjw frl m ? ny other troubles that makcylife q
® IM'i IP^i H^S Cr * Mclaughlin's Electric Belt, |
9 wmmm^^mSSmllntilfvr^^'amm j t gives lasting strengrth. Its cures are ©
0 £/ R I permanent, forever. Its touch la the f%
• -hf . /^V touch of magnetism: -It creates a X
_. . *-^^.A-l "^^^*^^v^*^ weakened body new life, strength, en- •
9. -^^Y?f " ' ergy, courage, happiness and long life. 9
9 *mJ It Is Nature's Greatest Restorer, applied A
a gently while you sleep. It will transform your weakened, pain-racked body Into a a
ml paradise of health. Try It, you weak, debilitated man, you poor, weary and dls- 2
J* . heartened woman; feel the life blood warmirig your heart, the flre -In your blood and ™
• the steel la your nerves. Let It cure you. •-, l*}.'- r ? 9
2 The best Argument which can be offered in praise of a curative remedy is 5
S the word of one who has tried it and says, "It cured me. " Here is one of 50,000 S
01 and the evidence of the others is on file at my office for all who are interested: S
• RHEUMATISm. .'?SSi'£ «
** LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 15. 1902. •
9 Dr. M. A. McLaughlln— Dear Sir: I wish to express to you my everlasting grat- ®
9 ltude for what your Belt has done for me. I came to Los Angeles from Arizona A
A - about a month ago so badly crippled' with rheumatism that I could hardly walk. . Ev- a
• ery Joint In. my body was swollen and painful. My stomach was also In a terrible 2k
_ condition from taking medicines. 1 bought your high-grade Belt,, and' Inside of one •
• week's time the pain had- all left me and the swelling had commenced. to disappear. 9
9 I have now worn the Belt about ft month and I feel like a new man, and the swell- A
A Ing ha« entirely left my joints,: the pain has left my body, my stomach Is In perfect 2?
Z condition, and I have gained over ten pounds in weight since I began to wear tho X
3? ' Belt. I wish to say to all persons who suffer from rheumatism, "Get Dr. McLaugh- 9
9 lln's Electric Belt, and It will .cure you as it has cufU me." . Q
9 Again thanking you for your many kindnesses shown me. and the timely assist- O.
A ance of. your Belt, I remain. Yours very truly. Tr
2. . ...¦ . . ERIC A. ANDERSON, 622 Main street. 5
2 EDFP TFCT I will be glad to give you a free test If you will call. Or I will send 5
2' -rHEE.llfJ* you my little book, with full "Information,, sealed, free If you will send "
• this ad. - ..."..¦¦ •
5 rilTTIATtf Beware of medical concerns offering " "Electric belts free," and the 9
9 LAD llUll* Professor with his cheap Belt. This offer Is only a trick to foist a O
Q _ package. of medicines upon you C. O..D. Write to me for an explan- 2
A atlon of the trick. \ . g
S Dp, M. C McLaughlin, 906^ n^teS BET ' %
9 ¦' Office Hours— $ a.m. ito 8:30 p.m.' Sundays, 10 to 1. ' 9
9 . -¦ . : ¦ ¦ NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES OR AGENTS. A
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|DB.TALGOTT&GO.|
I ' SPECIALISTS I
I Men Only.
II Special attention given to \
M Varicocele. • a
& Contagious Blood • Diseases, A
K 1 Prostattc Inflammations, ~4
J3 - Acute and -Chronic Urethral a
« Troubles. a
I HOT A DOLLAR TO BE PAID I
I UNTIL A CURE IS EFFECTED |
1 1140 Market 5t. I
THINGS ARE NOT ALWAYS
Kl WHAT THEY SEEM
§§5 SKIM MILK OFJEN
M GOES FOR CREAM.
|g*9 To avoid the skim use
Wg^S only
*wUnai»rTi»Jui.Yiw_ f^ T™^ "\STT
OLDCROW V^K \J W
wj PVF ¦
Ak * *¦* IT IS A STRAIGHT
KKV&iZ'rd WHISKEY, which
r B i£L k Jr Co / embraces all the- good
.iwrw. J$, there is in grain, and
g; "^"^ honest methods.
EL B. KiRK & CO., Sole Bottlers, N. Y.
CATTON. BELL & CO., '
60LE ! DISTRIBUTORS. -;.,*;
the Continent
with one of the Burlington
• Overland Excursions is a {
veritable holiday on wheels.
The cars are comfortable; /
¦ v the route, interesting; the V j
people, pleasant; the ex-
- cursion manager, accommo- |
dating, and the porters
obliging.
. Don't worry. You'll en-
joy your trip — every min-
ute of it. J
From San Francisco three
times a week — Omaha, Chi- *
cago, Kansas City, St. Louis,
and everywhere beyond.
Glad to give you more In-
formation. Call or write. -
r~~^~""| W. D. SANBORN,
mT^kSi 63 1 Market s *t
IgtoUl^l San Francisco,
| »^=^^ | California.
APVEB.TTS1TM t-!NH*ELJ. Scott Leary won the half-mile handi
cap swimming race in the Olympic Club
last night ¦ from . the scratch mark. He
covered the*- distance: in \- 12 v minutes 45
seconds." Kopkc.'.wlth an allowance' of 40
seconds, hoovered, the distance ¦ in- 14:30;
Clough,". 60 . seconds handicap, ; flnishediln
17:45,-and- Young ;ln IS .minutes, with 55
seconds; handicap. ;-.'•..•••• - • -
Leary. Wins; Swimming, Kace.
The : Board of Fire Commissioners yes
terday promoted' J.' . W. Kentzell ". to the
vacancy recently caused by the retlremenf
of Captain , J. J. . Mahoney : of engine com
pany 5, located , on Stockton street. Cap
tain Kentzell has been connected- with the
fire department St or> a number of years
and- is considered one of its most' efficient
Kentzell Receives Mahoney's Place.
REDWOOD CITY^June Ui— Harvey Kin
caid, a pioneer lawyer of this county, died
at his home in this city last" night.' He
was a native of Platt County, Missouri
aged 87 years. . Mr. Kincald crossed the
plains in 1849, -settling in Santa Clara
County. He was a graduate of . the Uni
versity of the Pacific, and studied law un
der Judge Archer of San Jose. He served
one term as- District Attorney, and was
State Senator in 1S70. - 9u9
Harvey Kincaid.
Late Shipping 1 Intelligence.
DOMESTIC' PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed Jun6 10 — Stmr Chas Nel
son for Ban Francisco. June 11 — Stmr Des
patch, for San Pedro, via San 'Francisco; stmr
Washtenaw, for Tacoma; . stmr Santa Barbara,
for San Francisco. . .-
TACOMA — Arrived June 11 — British ehlp
Tweedsdale, from drydock.
OCEAN 'STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived June 11— Stmr St
Paul' from New York. . '
- QUEENSTOWN — Arrived'. June. ; 11— Stmr
New England, from Boston.'
.. NEW YORK— Arrived June 11— Btmr Teu- t
tonic,' ."from: Liverpool;' ¦' * • ' — ' ¦ ':.'.
. Thomas. Murphy, an aged inmate.of the
Almshouse. was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital last night ifor several
lacerated -wounds on the head. .Murphy
claimed that he had been assaulted by
George < CeventI, a laborer employed by
Gray Brothers, at Fifteenth and Diamond
streets. Ceventi was arrested and charged
with an assault ¦'with a deadly weapon. 1
Aged Man' Severely Beaten.
The election of officers of the League of
the Cross of the archdiocese of San Fran
cisco took place last . night at ; 108 Grove
street, with the 'following ¦result: -Presi
dent, Dr. • Richard Dowdall; vice presi
dent, Doctor :Cunnlng-ham; treasurer, J.
Christie ; secretary, James Hayes. The
regiment, wlir parade on the Fourth of
July at San Rafael at the flower carnivai,
and will later, go into camp at Santa Cruz
for eight days. WTBI
League of = the Cross Officers.
ASHEVILLE, N. C, June 11.— Walter
HowardPprominent in newspaper" circles,
died here to-day of lung trouble. He had
been long on the staff of the New York
Journal. He served as war correspondent
for that paper during the Spanish-Ameri
can war, and was subsequently appointed
manager of the European bureau of the
Journal. .. . .' .
Walter Howard.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
Mrs T K Earl,
J Raaz, Bakersfield
J B Ferris, Caliente
H Hudson, Plttsburg
L H Mitchell, w & d,
Clifton. Arl*
A D McLean & w.Arir
P Blind, Los Ang "
A Whittock & w. L. A
J C Healey,' Aritona
R Rummonds, Ariz
j a King & w, in ;;.
B F Fletcher,. Ill ¦
E W.Eiper, Cal
C Wilson, Oakland -
G Sproul, Seattle
E3 G Laprairi, Cal
W G Underwood, O T
Mrs W E Bretherton &
¦family. Denver
O T Gerino.' Lakeport
W Nelson,' Seattle •
F, McKenna, Miles
G Schlatter,' Kansas
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Olympic Club' Handball.
.The Olympic Club handball tournament was
brought to a • close last night. Powers and
Green . won In the first cla3s, Forbes and' FltJt
patrlck In- the second' and Cunningham and
Martin In the third... -The scores:'
. First Claas-r- '
Powers and Green 21 : 18 -.21
Bowman and Ransom "......". 17 •• 21 .17
:' Second Class^ " - ' : \
Forbes and Fltzpatrick ...21 2t
Collins and. Converse 16 10
Third Class— J8ttfBM^BWg*W
Cunningham and. Martin .21 21
Coffroth ; and Cosgrlrt : ....'. .-.17 ltj
"C. . J. Wilder, ' freight auditor of the
Southern Pacific, : after thirty years of
faithful service, retired from that de
partment yesterday to become assistant
auditor for the : same company. In ap
preciation of. their head, the clerks in
his ' department presented him with a
magnificent . watch and' chain.' Harvey
L. Sanborn made the presentation speech.
Wilder responded with feeling, thanking
the clerks for' their gift and faithful
services.
Clerks Honor Freight Auditor.
Bock Island Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, and
Sunday, via Rio Grande and Rock Island Rail
ways, "and via Los Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Hock Island Railways, for Omaha, : Kansas
City Chicago and all points East. For further
information address Clinton Jones, General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 624 Market st. ••
Another grand promenade, concert and
reception. will be given. this evening under
the auspices of Islam, Temple at Mechan
ics' Pavilion,' when the prizes won by the
rArab Patrols at', Oakland will be distrib
uted. The Arab Patrol- of the local tem
. will take advantage of the occasion
>to give a» reception to the visiting Arab
; Patrols," which have contributed so much
tci the success^ of, the parades and drills
in Mechanics', Pavilion. .: The use of the
art gallery has been secured for. the even
ing arid all members -of the various pa
trols and their ladles will be welcomed
and- gjyen .refreshments.
Reception for Arab Patrols.
Wedding in Woodland.
WOODLAND, June- 11.— Claude B. Har
laivand Miss Grace Deaner were married
at* noon to-day.' The groom is the young
est son of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Harlan, and
the bride i3 the second daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. S. C. Deaner.
Licensed to Many.
OAKLAND.- June 11.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Thomas P. English
Jr., aged 23 years, and Mabel O. Holmes,
23, both of Oakland; James B. Wood* 50,
Ohio, and Emma R. Sharp. 35, Oakland;
James R. Leavell. 34. and Anna M. Nelson,
27," both of Oakland; Harold A. Wilkin
son, 19, and Aleen S. Woodside,J7, both of
Oakland? James E. Dean, 30, and Sophie
M. Bllck, 28, both of San Francisco.
NEW YORK, June. 11.— Senor Gonzalo Que
sada, therflrst Cuban Minister to the United
States, arrived to-day on the steamer Morro
Castle from Havana. He was accompanied by
his family.
Owing to the prostration of former
Judge Robert Ferral, due to the death
of his. son in New York a few days ago,
the trial of Frank Morrissey on a charge
of robbing Mrs. Rosa Kllbourne of Santa
Rosa, was postponed. yesterday until Au
gust 15. The jury before which the case
was being tried was dismissed by Judge
Graham.
Morrissey Jury Is. Dismissed.
• A welcome of most extraordinary pro
portion has been given to Henry Miller,
Margaret Anglin and their excellent com
pany at the Columbia Theater this week;
Their engagement Is the event of many
theatrical years. Such a company as that
now appearing at the Columbia" recalls
the ancient Daly splendors, and is -preg
nant with lavish promise for the dramatic
• * ?
Miss Roberts is very well supported, and
the • stage management . is uncommonly
good, the first scene, "behind the scenes"
of a variety show, in particular, being
cleverly handled. White Whittlesey is the
unheroic hero with some enjoyment, and
George Osbourne does some good work as
Cascart, Zaza's "singing partner." Geor
gie Woadthorpe is a decldely competent
aunt to the fascinating Zaza. It looks
as if the play had come to stay for at
least two weeks.
this week. With every visit Miss
Roberts shows progress, and vzaza"
seems to offer her a peculiarly grateful
opportunity. Mrs. Carter's flaming
lccked termagant is riot forgotten, .but
Miss Roberts gives to the full as inter
esting a conception of the character. It
is played throughout in lighter key than
Mrs. Carter conceived to be proper to the
role, but the* interpretation is justified by
the successful result. The mingled good
nature and bad temper of the creature
is suggested with more naturalness, her
atmosphere of the street implied with
greater suppleness and also with less,
coarseness. Miss Roberts has, further,
very cleverly suggested the unreasoning,
childlike elements of the character and
throughout Is markedly spontaneous. Mrs.
Carter rather has it in the heavier scenes,
though the Alcazar favorite is by no
means lacking on the emotional side.
Then, too, Miss Roberts has a sound ap
preciation of the humor of the role, and
has wisely dressed the part J very hand
somely. Any one interested in the Zaza
kind of person and her ways— the house
was full of them last night — cannot do
better than see the .week's bill at the Al
cazar.
» SURPRISINGLY good perform
i\ ance is that given by Miss Flor-
J==*\ ence Roberts and her company, in
A. j\ "Zaza" at the Alcazar Theater
"Miss Hobbs," Jerome K. Jerome's com
edy, is the bill at the Grand Opera-house
this week, with Maud© Fealy in the third
week of her engagement in the title role.
Miss Fealy is strengthening the favor
able impression created by her first efforts
with every new. appearance and makes a
charming figure out of the somewhat un
promising material ] afforded . by Miss
Hobbs. The clever young woman is well
supported by the house company, in par
ticular by Herschel Mayall as Wolff
Kingsearl. Next week begins the dual
star engagement of :. Miss Fealy and Ed
wurd Morgan. The^first play v of their
season will be. "Romeo and Juliet," and
the apeparancc of a new Romeo in the
? * •
The band will give an open-air concert In
front of the theater prior to the perform
ance.
To-night will ' practically be Shriners'
night at the California. Zuhrah Temple of
Minneapolis,- El Jebel Temple of Denver,
with the famous boys' band, and Damas
cus Temple of Rochester will . attend the
performance.
* "The Jilt" is pleasing large crowds at
the California Theater this week. The
clever company that Mr. Neill has suc
ceeded in 'gathering round him is seen to
much advantage in the play, > individual
hits being made by several of the play
ers. Marian Stone has the title role, to
its manifest advantage, and Mr. Nelll,
Miss Chapman, Donald Bowles, Scott Sea
ton and Clifford Dempsey ail do excellent
work in their respective parts. • The rac
ing scene arouses all its wonted enthusi
asm and is very neatly managed. "Cap
tain Swift" will follow. ,
art. There seems. little indeed that with
the resources now at his command Mr.
Miller could not undertake. Twenty-s'x
players, almost all of the foremost in
their several lines of work, are numbered
in the company. The cast now giving
"Trelawny of the Wells" could not be
bettered, and a most enjoyable. evening's
entertainment may be had by any one
who attends. The play deals, largely with
the life of actors in the early sixties, and
Its highly amusing comedy is delightfully
accentuated by the quaint setting and
costumes. "Trelawny" will run another
week and should by no means be missed.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, June 11.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: San Francia
co-^-E. S. Allen and E. S. Heller, at the
Manhattan; Mrs. E. C. Maple, at the Im
perial; M. Vincent and Mrs. W. L. Vin
cent, at the Union Square; Mrs. J. W.
Wolf and the Misses Wolf, at the St.
Denis; E. Cooley, C. M. Culver and H. W.
Dunlop, at the Grand Union; L. Dupont
and wife and F.W. Pitts, at the Navarre;
C. W. Hall, at the Continental; M. J.
Kincald. at the Sturtevant; T. Meyer and
wife, at the Kensington; H. G. Shelde
man, at the Marlborough.
Los Angeles— Mrs. Bidwell and Mrs. J.
D. lbben, at the Park Avenue; Dr. R.
Wermgk. at the St. Denis.
Oakland— W. H. Wakerteld, at the As-
Judge Murasky rendered judgment for
the defendant yesterday in the -suit for
maintenance brought by- "Major" Edwin
Lewis against his son. Police Officer John
Lewis. Defendant Lewis said his father
would not work and charged him with
being fond of drink. Lewis senior, ad
mitted that he drank "like a gentelman,*'
and said he waa willing to accept em
ployment as an agent, but would. "work"
f or no man.
Drinks Like a Gentleman.
The Romany trio of vocalists and in
strumentalists and o^ther clever vaudeville
performers are presenting an interesting
programme at the Chutes Theater this
week. To-night the amateurs will appear
in a series of unique living pictures. Be
ginning Sunday, Harvey Downing, the
young bicyclist, will perform the perilous
feat' of "looping the .loop" on hisi wheel
twice daily. The loop is thirty feet in
diameter and^will b« placed at the foot
of the lake.
The Shriners have assisted in crowding
Fischer's Theater .to the very doors. all
week to see "Fiddle Dee Dee," and the
demand is so great that it may be possi
ble that the management may have to
celebrate the two hundredth performance
if the public continues to pack the house.
The new features this week excel all the
previous ones for real -fun. The com
edians are all studying new songs that
they will introduce next Monday night.
* • •
Cushman, Holcombe and Curtis, in their
nautical novelty, "Swells at Sea"; How
ard Chambers, the wonderful New,Zea
land barytone; Barton and Ashley, eccen
tric comedians, and the twin Nices, sing
ers — all newcomers — are making hits to
crowded houses at the Orpheum this
week.- The Motogirl; LeRoy and Clayton,
in "Hogan of the Hansom"; Irene Frank
lin, , the dainty singer, and Murphy and
Slater, colored comedians, are in their
last appearances.
"A Guilty Mother" is the entertainment
up at the Central. this week. The play iz
a strong melodrama and lives up to its
thrilling title with both feet. It calls for
one of the largest casts ever used at* the
uptown house, the list including no fewer
than three leading ladies— Fannie Mcln
tyre, Annette Marshall and Margaret
"VVycherlay,— who all fulfill their duties in
a manner highly satisfactory to their
audiences. The male roles are in charge
of Earl Brown, McVicker. Ross, Howell
and others, who do them full justice.
The Tivoli is. crowding the house with
"The Toymaker," the pretty opera that
has remained such a favorite with fun
and music lovers. Annie Myers . is a
"motoglrl" of the first order as the me
chanical doll, and succeeds In furnishing
all the fun there is In the funny role.
Ferris Hartman is at his funny best as
the toymaker himself, and the rest of the
company contributes its share. The toy
matinees on Saturdays still continue, and
every child attending is presented with a
toy by the toymaker himself. "" •¦/*' ¦¦¦¦•¦
attractive person of Mr. Morgan and a
new Juliet by the youngest leading lady
en the stage, Fealy, is an event
that is creating niuch interest with local
playgoers. The management of the pop
ular theater is spreading itself on the
production, and no "one who remembers
the excellent setting afforded the Shakes
pearean plays at this theater last year
will fear for the scenic illusions of "Ro
meo and Juliet."
Coursing: Enthusiasts Will Be Afford
ed an Opportunity of Seeing Many
Greyhounds Perform This Week.
Five stakes will go to make up the card
at Union coursing park this week. Two
will be completed oa Saturday, leaving
a. consolation stake and two others for
Sunday. The draw last night resulted as
follows:
Puppy gtakj. 22 entries— A. R. Curtis' Mir
anda vs. A. n. Curtis' Viking; A. Yanden
burgh's Jack Short vs. H. W. Rike'« Niobe;
J. K. Dean's Vina vs. Pasha Kennels' Rob
lin's Art; M. C. Delano's Conroy vs. Pasha
Kennels' Rustic Anna; G. Starr's Step On vs.
J. Demcsey's Genevieve; M. C. Delano'e Con
tort vs. "VV. O'Brien's White Ca»; Chiarini
Brue.' Coeette vs. J. McCormick's Freestone; X.
Sullivan's Maid of the Glen vs. J. L. Roes'
Camebird; J. Regan's Flora Belle vs. A. Van-
Orwhites Hot Slugs; J. L. Ross' Creswick vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Matters Much; J. J. Lynch' s
Chilly Knight vs. T. Sullivan's Ginger Hill.
Reserve stake, 1G entries — Pasha Kennels*
Real Lassie vs. P. Horgan's Peerless; Kelly
& Hanley's Fearful Ship vs. P. J. H*rgan'j
Partial Eclipse; u. Prior's Nellie Grey vs.
T. Cox'a Crockett Hill; M. Grady's Real Af
fected vs. A. McLeod's Blonde Beauty: P.
Doyle's High Stepper vs. J. F. Rogers' Arba
cus; J. F. Rogers' Coldius vs. M. Nealon's
4-eaeas; D. Erskine's Lovender vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Lawrence; J. P. Sweeney's Cottage Lass
vs. Pasha Kennels* Rollicking Airs.
Special stake, 32 entries — K. A. MeComb's
Motto ve. D. Silva's Master Bocket; Chiarini
Bros.^ Dewdrop vs. F. Jones' 'VVedjrewood ; G.
t-harman'6 t-ir Pasha vs. P. C. Blick's Tellow
tail; T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy vs. F. A. Mc-
Con-.b's Otto; A. R. Curtis' Old Ironsides vs.
J. Carroll's Cascade; Yosemite Kennels' Mose
vs. E. Geary's Fenii; D. Walsh's Sacramento
Boy vs. Chiarini Bros.' Tame Tralee; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Archer vs. Chiarini Bros." San
tonin; Pasha Keanels' Resal Attire vs. P. M.
Clarkson's Golden Garter: A. R. Curtis' JCar
cis»us vs. T. J. Cronin's Vandal: C. O. Peter
sen's Haphazard vs. Pasha Kennels' Rural
Artist; A. R. curtia' Flying Fox vs. E. Geary's
I»alo Alto: Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs.
E. Geary's Roy Hughie; F. Jones' Tyrone
Prince vs. E. Geary's Ireland: C. Q. Peterson's
t-ilver Cloud vs. E. Geary's Fair Oaks; Pasha
Kennels' May Hempsrtead vs. O. Zahl's Homer
Boy.
Class reserve stake. 32 entries — A. McLeod's
Money Musk ve. P. J. Horgan"s MarniDa; P.
TXT^ite'E Red PeDper vs. J. Reasan's Menlo
Pence; F. Jones' Minnie Sankey vs. A. Mc-
Leod's Jim Fisk; Chiarini Bros.' White Hat
vs. T. Sullivan's Vaerant; F. C. Mack's Delia
M vs. P. M. Clarkson's Prompto; J. F. Rogers'
Glaucut vs. G. Sharman'g Little Sister; Aeneld
Kennels' Aeolus vs. J. Charlton's Charming
Thought: J. Hurley's Alfalfa vs. T. Jollej-s
Little May; T. Maher's Bad Boy vs. J. Hur
ley's Sugarcane; T. Maher's Piker vs. A. Mc-
Leod's Pure Pearl; C. O. Peterson's Lady Nel
lie vs. J. Charlton's Cloudburst; J. Trade's
MinaeaDolis vs. F. L. Xourse's Gay City;
Chiarini Bros.* Gambert ve. T. Joliey's Toron
to; Aeneid Kennels' May Morninz vs. F. C.
Slack's Woodcock Boy; P.*C. Blick's Advance
Guard vs. Pasha Kennels' P.eal Aristocrat: J.
Seeeerson's Gold Hill vs. P. M. Clarkson'e
Miss Brummel.
Meeting of Glove Makers' Union.
Members of the organizing committee of
the Labor Council addressed a meeting of
the Glovemakers' Union at Pioneer Hall
last night, after which 130 names were
signed to the charter roll. The following
officers were elected for the ensuing year;
President, Thomas Maloney; lirtt vice
president, Charles C. Brown; recording
secretary, John F. Shirley; financial sec
retary. Samuel Cohen; treasurer, A. Val
entine. The next meeting of the union
will take place June 20.
Bear Hunting in Police Station.
Mr. Aftergut, a butcher on the San
Bruno road, surrendered a pet bear yes
terday to the Police Department. For
some time Aftergut has been in posses-
Bien of the bear that was made famous
during the San Jose convention. The
bear got vicious yesterday, so his owner
brought him down to police headquarters,
where Policeman Atchison put a bullet
through his head and gave him his
quietus.
MRS. CARTER'S TALENTED SUC
CESSOR AND HER LEADING
MAN. IN "ZAZA" AT ALCAZAR. -
1TVE STAKES "WILL FORM
THE CAHD AT UNION PARK
Ina F. Cole filed a suit for divorce
against Amos A. Cole yesterday, alleg
ing that he caused her great mental an
guish by telling her a few da^s ago "that
he would kick her out of the house and
throw her clothes out after her" if she
did not obey him. She further alleges
her husband took her engagement ring
without her consent and pawned it. Sh3
charges, also, that Cole drinks to excess,
and compels her to depend upon her
fr:ends for support. The Coles were mar
ried in July, 1900. '
Anna T. Allen, who was married to E.
K. Allen at Portland, Or., in January,
1S94, commenced an action for divorce
yesterday, alleging that Allen abandoned
her more than two years ago.
Failure to provide and desertion are
the grounds of action urged in a suit for
divorce filed yesterday by Ella Murphy
against William L. Murphy. The couple
were married in June, 1890.
Robert H. Heyneman is being sued for
divorce by Catherine Heyneman, who
alleges that he deserted her* a year ago.
They were married at Oakland November
13, 1300. Mrs. Heyneman asks permission
to resume her maiden name, Cheney. " -
The marriage of Anna Cohen to Has
kell Cohen, performed at Fort Leaven
worth, Kans., in 1893, was annulled by
Judge Kerrigan yesterday. Mrs. Cohen
is her husband's niece.
TUNIS. June 11.— Sidi AH, the Bey 'of
Tunis, died this morning. Sidi AH .was
born October 17, 1817. He was the son of
Sidi Ah Sin, and succeeded his brother,
Sldl Mohammedes-Sadok, October 27, 1882."
The deceased Bey is succeeded by his son,
Mohammed, who was born in 1S55. The
reigning family of Tunis has occupied the
throne since 169L
Everything connected with Mr. Reid's
reception here emphasizes the desire of
Great Britain to specially honor the Unt
ed States.
rHB DAY'S DEAD,
LONDON, June 11.— Whitelaw Reid was
received In audience by his Majesty at
Buckingham Palace this afternoon. The
King received Reid in the most cordial
manner and expressed his gratification at
seeing him again. Reid presented his
credentials and a letter of congratulation
from President Roosevelt to King Ed
ward. . .
After Reid had presented his credentials
and the letter from Roosevelt, the offi
cials retired; but King Edward detained
Reid for a long time. What took place
during the course of the audience Is en
tirely private, but the officials comment
ed on the length of. the Interview.
In an interval between the music the
King asked especially for Mrs. Douglass
Robinson and Mrs. W. Schofleld Cowles,
and to the two sisters of President Roose
velt his Majesty conveyed his special
gratification at his ability to be. present
at the evening's entertainment. Their
Majesties also chatted especially with
Mr. an«L Mrs. Whitelaw Reid, while the
latter's charming daughter, who was too
young when she last visited England to
be presented at court, was cordially re
ceived by both the King and Queen.
The musical programme consisted of se
lections by Herr von Dulong, Mile. Land!
M. Gillibert, Mile. Destandre and Miss
Eva Stuart. At the conclusion of the
music the party went to supper. Here the
band played "God Save the King" for the
first time, and every one present paid
courteous attention to this air
After supper was over their Majesties
chatted with various guests and especial
ly with Lord Rosebery, who took Prin
cess Victoria down to her carriag-e. It
•was then quite late. Escorted by the en
tire embassy and followed* by all Mr
Choate's guests. King Edward and Queen
Alexandra went out and entered the royal
carriage.
At length King Edward finished talk-
Ing, and the men went upstairs. On their
arrival in. the drawing-room Queen Alex
andra led the way to the music room.
AIULERICANS HONORED.
Mr. Choate then walked around the table
and took the now vacant seat next to his
Majesty and the King of Great Britain
and the American Embassador entered
Into a confidential conversation. Before
the conversation had got well going Mr.
Choate went over to J. Pierpont Morgan
and brought him to King Edward and for
nearly the next half hour the American
millionaire and the King talked earnestly
together. Lord Lansdowne. Mr. Choate,
Lord Rosebery and others equally known
to fame , respectfully sat aloof while the
master of the empire and the master of
millionaires threshed out their respective
ideas.
In the beginning the international ban
quet proceeded somewhat formally, but
the vivacious humor of the King and
Queen soon put the guests at their ease.
Throughout the dinner music was ren
dered by an excellent band. Finally Queen
Alexandra gave the sign and the ladies
rose and retired, to the drawins:-room.
The table was elaborately decorated
with American Beauty roses. Mr. Choate
and his wife sat opposite each other at
the center, of the table, at .which forty
covers had been laid. Queen Alexandra,
who was dressed becomingly in- an even
ing gown of black and white,, touched
here and there with costly jewels, and
who wore a diamond tiara, sat at Mr.
Choate's right-hand. On his left sat
Princess Victoria, while next to the Prin
cess sat Lord Lansdowne. On the oppo
site side of the table sat Mrs. - Choate.
with King Edward on her right and the
Duke of Norfolk on her left.
Greetings had scarcely been exchanged
before dinner was announced and the
party became somewhat mixed up. Mr.
Choate found himself leading the Queen
Into the dining-room, ahead of the King,
who had Mrs. Choate on his arm. Pre
vious to the beginning of dinner special
servants of their Majesties, covered with
medals, had arrived at Mrs. Choate's
residence and "taken up their places be
hind the chairs at which the King and
Queen were to sit.
When King Edward, Queen Alexandra
and Princess "Victoria with their suites
drove up to Choate's house, the Embas
sador, Mrs. Choate, Miss Choate, Henry
White. Miss White, and Mr. and Mrs.
Carter met.them at the door. The Ameri
can diplomats wore plain evening dress
and black knee breeches. The King and
his suite wore a dress exactly similar to
that of the Americans, except that his
Majesty wore across his shirt front the
blue ribbon of the Order of the Garter.
RECEPTION" TO ROYALTY.
The police had to clear the Charlton
House Terrace of the many spectators
who had congregated there,' anxious to
witness as much as possible of the re
markable tribute paid by their Majesties
to the United States.
LONDON, June 1L— A crowd of several
hundred persons, including a number of
American sightseers, had gathered out
side' of the house of the United States
Embassador, Joseph H. "Choate, on Carl
ton House Terrace, when King Edward
and Queen Alexandra arrived there at
8:45 to-night to attend the dinner given
by Mr. and Mrs. Choate. Their Majesties
came in what is known as a town car
riage, with outriders in red livery. The
front of the embassy was decorated with
the customary coronation devices, a crys
tal transparency showing the royal
cipher. It was surrounded by the stars
and stripes. The crowd -uncovered as
their Majesties passed in. Otherwise there
was no demonstration. Following is a full
list of the guests present at the dinner:
The King and Queen, Princess Victoria, the
Duke of Norfolk, Use Duke and Duchess of
Portland. Lord Rosebery, the Bishop of Lon
don, the Right Rev. Arthur F. Ingraham, the
Earl and Countess of - Pembroke, Earl and
Countess Spencer. Sir William and Lady Har
court, A J. Balfour and Miss Balfour, the
Earl of Derby, Lady Alice Stanley, the Rus
eian Embassador, Baron de Staal. J. i Plerpont
Morgan. Whitelaw Reid and Mrs. Reid. Harriet
Lane Johnston, a niece of the. late President
James Buchanan, who was' appointed United
States Minister to Great Britain in 1S53; John
Sargent, the American painter; . Mrs. Douglass
Robinson, Mrs, W. S. Cowles. sister of Presi
dent Roosevelt ; Lord Kenyon, Sir Stanley
Clark, the Countess of Gosford, Mr.".' Choate,
Mrs. Chpate and Miss Choate, Henry White,
secretary of the United States Embassy, and
Miss White; J. . R. Carter, Second Secretary
of the United States Embassy, and William
Woodward, private secretary of Mr. Choate.
Forty-fifth District — President, L. A Rea*
first. vice-president, Frank Marinl; second vice
president. William Jones; secretary, J. H Nel
son; treasurer, Sidney Jones; «ergeant-at-arms
Thomas O'ConnHl. • '
Forty-fourth District — President George M.
Ferine; first vice president. J. P. Hart; second
vice president; F. P. Shlbeley; • secretary, I.
Ellas; treasurer, J. George Boyne; sergeant-at
arms, Kred Wickenhausen.
Forty-second District — President. Meyer
Jacobs; first vice president. Dr. Henry Gib
bons; second ' vice president. John Clover- sec
retary. George W. Lewis; treasurer, James
Cosgrove; sergeant-at-arais. Henry Lester
Forty-third District — President. H. T. Sime;
first vice president. . J. F. Norman; second vlco
president, -C. E. Arnold; secretary, Charles
Kaufmann; treasurer. A. N. Martin; sergeant
at-arras, M. Hermann. .
Forty-first District — President, William
Thomas: first vice president. Charles A. Son;
second vice president. Charles Stewart; secre
tary. William. J. Hatman; treasurer, I*. A.
Schwabacher; sergeant-at-arms, William J.
Kennedy. . -.
Thirty-ninth District— President. Charles A.
Boldemann; first vice president, Edward Ewald
second vice president, T. A. Atkinson; secre
tary. William F. Foster; treasurer, Crawford
Douglass; sergeant-at-arms. Joseph Rebstock.
Fortieth District — President. Charles Sutro
Jr.; first vice president. F. W. Meyer; second
vice president. I. M. Blum; secretary, John
Henderson; treasurer, V. I. Ullman; sergeant
at-arms, J. L. Tharp.
Thirty-fifth District— President, I. J. Tru
man; first vice president. George W. Elder;
second vice president. John Reed; secretary,
E, J. Lynch; treasurer. H. Williamson; ser
geant-at-arms, William P; George.
Thirty-sixth District — President, Henry iT.
Beatty; first vice president. Charles H. J. Tru
man; second vice president. H. J. Alexander;
secretary, Robert D. Duke: treasurer, j Adam
Beck; sergeant-at-arms, F. M. Stevens
Thirty-seventh District — President, * George
H. Bahrs; first vice president. J. Harry Scott;
second vice president. Dr. John M. William
son; secretary, S. Bloom; ' treasurer, Vernon
Upton; sergeajit-at-arms. G. H. McCarthy.
Thirty-eighih District — President. Andrew W.
Roberts; secretary. Samuel H. Beckett; treas
urer. Gustav»O. W. Guy; sergeant-at : arms Jo
seph McCue.
Thirty-fourth District — President, E. J.
"Walsh; first vice president, .V Nyland: second
vice, president. H. J. Langrehr; secretary, T. H
Wagstaff; treasurer, A. Gniinberg; sergeant
at-arm?, J. B. Barker.
Thirty-third District— President. C. W Mar
lett; first vice president. P. Menjon: second vice
president, D. Fens: secretary, John Butler;
treasurer. Thomas R. Hurling; sergeant-at
arms, H. Dressmeyer.
1 Thirty-second District — President. Fred Zim
merman; first vice president, John Butler; sec
ond vice president. John Carson ; ¦ secretary, J.
F. Kelly; treasurer. L. C. Cull; sergeant-at
arms. James Hennessy.
Thirty-first District— President, T. C. Duff;
first vice president, P. F. Mertes; second vice
president, J. ; J. Hankon; secretary, D. J. Ri
lcy; treasurer. G. I. Raychester; sergeant-at
arms. William Black.
Twenty-ninth District— President. John J.
Daughney; first vice president. James Kenne
dy; second vice president, James H. O'Brien;
secretary. J. H. Kingston; treasurer. John Na
glemaker; sergeant-at-arms E P Courtney.
Thirtieth District — President. J. B. Campbell:
flr3t vice president. Joseph Bertram; second
vice president, D. T. Herrin; secretary, Isadora
Erb; treasurer. L. Claveloux; sergeant-at-arms
C.- T. Quirey. ¦¦¦•-«. -, ¦
Twenty 7 elghth District— President, -Thomas
Westoby; first vice ¦. president. F. J. Hopper;
second vice president. George W. Taylor; sec
retary. George W. Sweeney; treasurer, Emil
F. Bierlng; sergeant-at-arms, Walter Ma
cauley.
CLUBS . ELECT OFFICERS.
Organization in the various districts was
effected by the election of the officers
herewith named:
In the Thirtieth Assembly District reso
lutions introduced by B.'J. Flood, approv
ing the aspirations of the Primary League
for clean administration of governmental
affairs, were adopted.
Resolved, That we heartily approve the fear
leas administration of the Hon. Eugene E.
Schmitz. and, with all citizens, urge him, in
spite of all difficulties, to maintain and en
force the charter regardless of conssquences.
as the expression of the supreme will of the
people of the city
The following resolution, introduced by
J. H. Harvey, was adopted with great en
thusiasm: Ftmnim ihihf
Resolved. That we urge all citizens to register
Immediately. A vote at the primary election la
more important than one on the day of the
general election. We ask all citizens, regard
less of past political affiliations, to Join us in
a decent efcort toward a fair party organiza
tion. .
A resolution presented by J. G. Boyne,
urging all citizens to register at once, was
unanimously adopted. Following is the
text of the resolution:
¦Whereas, -A bill now pending before Congress
advocating an increase in salaries of the letter
carriers ; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we. the Republicans of the
Primary League Club of the Forty-fourth As
sembly District, in meeting assembled, hearti
ly approve of the same and request- that our
Representative in Congress, the Hon. Julius
Kahn, use all means in his power to secure the
passage of the bill; be it further -
Resolved. That a copy of the aforesaid reso
lution be spread in full upon our minutes and
that a copy be forwarded to Congressman Kahn
at once. _ . . . . :
URGE CITIZENS TO REGISTER.
Several" of the district meetings were en
livened by spirited speeches. : Resolutions
were adopted congratulating the good
government forces of San Jose on their
recent ..triumph over the bosses. In the
Forty-f ourth District several resolutions
were adopted,* among them the following,
introduced by I. 'Ellas:
The promoters and active workers of the
league are highly, gratified over this early
demonstration of strength and are confi
dent that delegates to the State Conven
tion proposed by the league clubs will be
elected on August 12.
The eighteen district clubs of. the Re
publican Primary League — one In each As
sembly district— met last night for organi
zation. The enrollment of new members
was large and much enthusiasm was dis
played. At league headquarters, 18 Geary
street, the estimate is given that 3000
names were added to the roll of member
ship last night, making the total enroll
ment 14,000.
A meeting of the Fourth of July Com
mittee -was held last night in the Mayor's*
room at the City Hall.
Bruce Cornwall presided, and there were
also prseent the Rev. Terence Caraher,
the Rev. Dr. J. A. B. Wilson, George R.
"Wells, Harry Kelly, • Henry Olsen, Guy
Lathrop, E. R. Pease, Max Popper, W. A.
Desborough, E. L. Wagner, Charle3
Sommerlad, M. W. Coffee, Rev. Dr. M.S.
Levy, .Walter Goff, George B. McClellan,
Walter Gallagher and Dr. Charles Bos
ton.
There was a strong feeling expressed
that there should be some entertainment
provided different to what has been usual
on the Fourth, and after a long discus
sion it was resolved on the motion of Max
Popper that a> committee composed of
Messrs. Desborough, Olsen and Kelly
should wait upon the commodores of the
vaiious yacht clubs with the object of
inaugurating a Fourth of July regatta.
The remarkable and unprecedented il
lumination of the city for the Shriners"
procession on Tuesday night appealed to
George R. Wells as being appropriate for
repetition on the evening of the Fourth.
Mr. Wells also proposed that the parado
take place at night in lieu of the usual
day procession. The matter was. left to
committees to investigate and report.
A committee was requested to wait on
the musicians' union at the suggestion of
a member with a view toward obtaining
voluntary services of members for an
hour's music on thp night of July 3.
As the national holiday will occur on
Friday, it was agreed that a committee
shall wait on the Board of Trade and
ether business interests to suggest that
the following day, Saturday, shall also be
observed as a holiday in the city.
Captain George Ftlmer was appointe.1
grand marshal, and the meeting ad-
Jcurned till next Tuesday afternoon at I
o'clock, when it will meet at the Califor
nia Hotel.
Following are the officers and the sub
committees of the general committee:
Bruce Cornwall, chairman; George R. "VTella,
vice chairman; Charles ScmmerlaJ. secretary.
• Programme — W. A. Desborough. M. W. Cof
fey George K. Wells, Max Popper, James P.
Booth. C. P. Abblatl, K. L. Wasner.
Parade — W. A. Desborough, Charles Boston,
E. R. Pease, Thomas Westoby.
Literary— James P. Booth, Rev. J. A. B.
Wil3on Rev M. S. Levy. E. G. Deniston.
Music— C. P. Abblatl. Guy Lathrop. Rev. T.
Fireworks — George R. "Wells. Harry Kelly.
W H. Goff.
Printing and press — 31. "W. Coftey, W. E.
Baines, Walter Gallagher.
Finance— Max Popper, Henry Ol3on. A. de
la Torre Jr.
Decoration— E. L. "Wagner. George B. Mc-
Lellan, Joseph Silverberg.
Regatta — W. A. Desborough. Henry Olson,
Harry Kelly.
She Also Charges That Her
Husband Occasionally
Drinks to Excess.
Whitelaw Reid Has a Long
Audience With the
Sovereign,
Organization Is Effected in
Every Assembly District
of tha City.
Saturday Following May
Also Be Taken as a .
King Edward th« Guest
of Embassador and
Mrs. Choate.-
Committee Proposes a
Night Parade and
Regatta.
Republicans Enroll for
Active Work in the
Campaign.
His Wife Seeks Divorce
Because of Alleged
Cruelty.
COLE'S THREATS
CAUSE MISERY
MONARCH DINES
WITH AMERICANS
NEW FEATURES
FOR THE FOURTH
DISTRICT CLUBS
OF THE LEAGUE
THE SAN- FRANCISCO XJALL, > THURSDAY, <TUNE 12, 1902.
'Talented Actress Is Scoring a Complete Success, at the Alcazar — Miller
Season Promises Grekt things--- 4 'The
the Calif ornia— 4 'Toy Maker" Draws Big; Houses at the Tivoli
MISS ROBERTS' INTERPRETATION
OF "ZAZA" MEETS WITH APPROVAL
9
PBAPE-ITUTS.
Arouse Your Liver.
You cannot have comfort un-
til it acts freely. To enjoy
perfect health and feel like a
new person take
Beecham's
Sold ETerrwbero-In boxes 10c aad 28&
A family figured carefully on the cost
of food, taking into consideration the
strength and health that Grape-Nuts
furnished. The report is interesting. .
"We first took up Grape-Nuts because
it agreed with me so well. I was suffer-
ing from dyspepsia that medicine did
not relieve. I frequently laughed at the
Idea when some of my friends tcHd of
the use of Grape-Nuts; however, ,one
day "Wife bought a package and we
found it good and it agreed with me.
We were accustomed to using white
bread snd oats, wheat or barley mushes
boiled from two to foup hours. We con-
sidered Grape-Nuts too expensive, but I
noticed that when I had a breakfast of
Grape-Nuts I felt fine, and other days
•when white bread and other cereals were
used I felt weak and bloated.
One day about six months ago I said
to Wife, 'I am satisfied that Grape- Nuts
is the thing that makes me feel better
In between the blue spells.* Then we sat
down and figured a while on the co6t of
living and came to the conalusion that
ve could live better and happier on fif-
teen cents* worth of Grape-Nuts than
on twenty-five cents* worth of white
bread or 'cooked -at-home' cereals. You
see four teaspoonfuls of Grape-Nuts fur-
nish more strength to work on than large
quantities of other food, so we starred
on Grape-Nuts in earnest, using It every
morning, and a wonderful change has
come over me. .
I am gaining in weight every day. Nev-
er have any of the old bloated feelings.
Feel etrong and well and can endure
more hard work than I could on the old
diet, and this result Is all without any
doctor or drugs at all, but directly from
using Grape-Nuts." Name given by Pos-
tum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Recipes for many . easy hot weather
fliehes in each package of Grape-Nute,
COST OF FOOD.
Grape-Huts vs. White Bread, Etc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ur CUKE
WILL
CURE
YOU !
If yon are akeptieal,
If yon have lost confidence,
If yon hare given up all hope of ern
being cured,
SEND FOR*
A FREE
' SAMPLE.
It gives Immediate relief In the moatob*
st 1 na te cases and speedily cures to stay curevU
Prescribed by the Medical Faculty through-
out the- -world. It Is osed as an inhalation*
and without any after bad effects.
HIMROD MAN'F'G CO.
14-16 VESEY ST. NEW YORK.
For sale by all druggists.
n Stay on the nose with- f'l
hJ , out wounding or chaf- | j
IS iog the skin. t|
1 PRICES MODERATE «
fb? 6 4 2 Hi ARKET StJ-W
J§p^0%. A $20 Belt
'jb&£*° No drills j no
jjfpSL humbug. It cures with-
S53j.y? '¦' out medicine. £?ot ' sold
¦ '^/!k* by druggists. No dis-
counts. Free by mall on receipt 'of price.
Circulars free. Ask for the "^J^^f!*^
trie Belt." Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO., 2O« Post St.. S. F.. or 33 W.
Twenty-fourth St.. New York.
?^ £S"^2«H u M^Vr%>fc. fife* £* F*^SwB K3 ¦Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
The quickest and most convenient way la
and cut of the Tosemlte Valley is by way of
the Santa. Fe. If you leave fan Francisco to
day at 6 a. m. on the California Limited you
«re in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. in.
CaU at Santa Fe ticket office. Gil Market
street lor illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars, is*'
I<aw Books for Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. June 1L—
The law department of the university has
made an important purchase of new law
books. About 265 volumes of the National
Reporter system have been unpacked and
placed on the shelves. These volumes are
a portion of the valuable collection of Mr.
Gill, a lawyer in San Jose.
Bollinger-"Wilson Wedding.
SAN JOSE, June 1L— Samuel Bollinger,
the musician of San Francisco, and Miss
Isabel M. Wilson of the same city, were
married this morning in Trinity Episcopal
Church by Rev. C. H. Mockridge. Only
a few friends were present. Miss Kath
erine Rosenbauer attended the bride. Mr.
and Mrs. Bollinger will spend a honey
moon of a month in the Santa Cruz
Mountains. ;
SA7S HE SQUANDERED
COIN IN SPECULATION
County Prosecutor in the Frank Sie-
gel Case Makes His Opening
Statement.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. June 1L— Frank
Eiegel, former president of the defunct
Ejegel-Saunders Livestock Commision
Company, was brought to trial here to
day on a charge of embezzling $8000 of
the company's funds. Siegel was Indicted
last summer by the Grand Jury on five
counts. Frank Rockefeller, the Cleveland
millionaire, who was heavily interested
In the company and whose losses have
been placed at close to 5500,000, will be one
of the witnesses called.
In his opening statement County Prose
cutor Hadley said that the State would
prove that Siegel had lost $23,000 of the
company's funds speculating in sugar.
The attorney for the defense admitted
that $S000 was lost in sugar, but declared
that the other officers knew of it and
Rockefeller approved of it. Frank Siegel
Is a prominent cattleman, well known
throughout the West. He was interested
in the Colorado Cattle Company.
Special DiEDatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. June 1L— The Southern Pa
cific Company Is to build a railroad to
Saratoga from either Mountain View . or
Sunnyvale. Some weeks ago the people of
Saratoga and Cupertino and the west side
of the valley appointed a committee to see
the railroad officials and urge construc
tion of a line that would give them con
nection with the outside world. The
proposition was favorably received, and
it is said the road will be constructed
•within a year.
The Saratoga, road will leave the main
road at either Mountain View or Sunny
vale, probably the former. It will skirt
the foothills, tapping one of the richest
sections of the valley. In that end of the
valley there is a population of at least
E009 that would be benefited by the road,
and there are large wine, fruit and agri
cultural interests to euppfy freight.
From Saratoga the railroad will be ex
tended to Los Gatos or Campbell, form
ing a loop through the foothills. The dis
tance from Sunnyvale to Saratoga Is
about thirteen miles, and if the road Is
built from Mountain View It will be three
or four miles longer.
A committee of citizens has procured
rights of \ray for almost the entire dis
tance.
Southern Pacific Will Build
From Mountain View
or Sunnyvale.
Rails to Reach West
Side of Santa Clara
Valley.
NEW ERA DAWNS
FOR SARATOGA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; JUNE < 12, 1902.
10
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
For health and pleasure go to Napa Soda
Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful
Napa .Valley. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
land ponies and burros for children. Two trains
dally, 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Address
DOLLMANN &, JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
I BARTLETT SPRINGS. °
Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
DiTCC Betel $10 to $15 per week. Honse-
AA1C0. keepjag Cottages $3 to J16 per week.
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling,' Cro-
quet. Billiards. Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong,.
Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank. 20x80;
Hot Water. Vapor, Tub. Mineral and Ro-
man Baths: competent Massaglsts; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O.. Bartlett Springs,
Or No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
CAMP GURRY
Arrivals, May, 1901 80
Arrivals. May. 1902.. 202
Office, Peck's Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery st. •
YOSEMITE.
-
fry ron J$ot Springs
€&r CONTRA COSTA CO.. CAL. .
New Hotel. Ma'gniflcent appointments.
Rooms en suite, with mineral baths connect-
ed; sure cure for Rheumatism and Malaria.
Only 3 hours' ride, S. P. R. R., 'J a. m.,
5 p. m.; no staging. Address MANAGER
LEWIS, Byron Hot Springs, Cal. CaU on
LOMBARD & CO., 36 Geary st.. city. -
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2% hours first a£t;rnoon and
8 hours next day, arriving at Tosemite Valley
6 p. m. Send for illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE Gen'l. Agent. 630 Market St.. opposite
Palace Hotel, S. F.: tel. Black 3571.
Ai ¦¦ | Napa County. The most
XT nfllOnQ charming epot in Calif or-
uli ntillilln nia - Ideal for a summer
w i ¦ i'viwiih vacation. Drives over
picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good. hotels.
Summer resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday.
$2.50. Take boat foot of Market street. 7:30
a. m. ' and 4 p. m. ' ¦
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
' Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral springy. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Midlake
P. O., Lake County, or call at office of C. N.
W. R. R. Co.. 6S0 Market st ¦
HOWELL Ml, WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
ftult, vegetable*, milk, etc. No foe, - Terms $7
per week. Address WOOD WORTH & MUL-
LER. St. Helena. Cal.
__ < InthehetrtoftheSairts
R nW3ruCnnd.il Croz Mountain.," yet
J\U W d.1 UWllliaU. nearenonghtot h c ocean
for a daily .alt water .wim. Redwood, and tea breezes
—a wonderful combination. Sourenir booklet free.
Peck's Information Bureau, II Montgomery Street,
S. F., or B. Dickinson, Lewee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN, Proprietor, Duncans Mills, Cal. For>
information and rates Inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery 6t., or write R. C. Cal-
boun. Proprietor. ¦
OWN A HOME "yi^-CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, store, postoffice. Sausalito ferry, ' $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
HOT EL Continuous
MATHO, W .elort r ' " ;
/m n -^£>-» Flne to-day
-¦>¦ CftL T^?Tigrrj)W^^^_-
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mts^;
2 hours' from- San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; cwimmine and all sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. E. H. GOODMAN. Manager. „.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; best " medicinal
waters in the State: flne hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland. Mendocino Co.. Cal.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Ho well Mountain; altitude 2000 . feet; air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; dally
mail; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $S per .- week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwtn, Cal.
CLIMB MODNT SHASTA
From Stsson. Address H. McGulnness, Prop.
EL MONTE HOTEL. Sisson, Cal. Exp»-
rlenced guides at hotel. . / •..--'¦
"THE GROVE."
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of Tallac. Rates,
$2 per day., $9 per week; meals, 50c; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery; boats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. P.. Pal. - - , •¦
SARATOGA SPRINGS
-Better than ever this year. . Booklet and full
Information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st.. or
R. R. office, 660 Market, or , John Martens,
Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal. - . .
MOUNTAIN HOME. '
At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
Ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday, ¦ Wed. and
Sat Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. dally. '¦; Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cal.. Prop.
SUMMER RESORT,
Among the Pine Hills; altitude 2024 feet; $7
par week; first-class accommodation. Before
going elswhere write to CHAS.. GROTTIAN,'
Applegate, Placer County," Cal. 1 - • i
AMONG THE "PINES.
Altitude 2024 feet; plenty of cream, fruit, etc;
near P.. O. ; borne cooking; -L.-D. phone; no
consumptives. Address ROBERT F. WARHAM
Applegate. Placer County. California.
TROUT FISHINC.
Bet t in State at BOCA, 'CAL.
For Information address Boca Hotel. Boca.
Nev. Co., Cal.. on TRUCKEE RIVER.
. ; ;• , : - .¦¦¦ ¦¦:¦¦ - : :
To Please Ourselves, to please others.
- and bo of material benefit to all, Is
doing good by the wholesale.
Stop Work, get out into th© country,
take your family with you. and you
will bo pleasing everybody, doing good
"to everybody, and making happiness
in large quantities.
To AccomDlish This it is necessary to
know where to go, and this you can
learn by getting a copy of "Vacation,
1902."
This little book, "Vacation. 1902." is-
sued by the California Northwestern
Railway Company, gives complete In-
formation for any kind of an outing.
To be had at ticket offices of Company,
.650 Market street (Chronicle Building)
and Tiburon Ferry, or at the General
Office, Mutual Life Building, corner
Sansome and California streets.
Call or write for a copy.
H. C. "WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt. ( ...
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LTVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases.,.. Works
wonders in all female complaints. ¦ Recommend-
ed by leading physicians. Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R.; stage from Uklah.
Call or address
WITTER P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
Main office and water depot, 018 Market
street, room 64, city.
R. McCORMICK. Manager.
¦| .; THE seaside resort of Central California f
I — enlarged, improved — per day $z upwards I
i — fine orchestra — now open, send for I
B oookiet. Address for hotel, R. M. Briare. I
f_. For cottages, F. Reanier, Capitola, CaL j
HOTEL GENEVA
AND COTTAGES,
SAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from the city.
Most beautiful location and marine view. - An
unexcelled summer and winter resort Table and
service of the beat. W. G. GRAjgAM. Prop.
£;!!; TOCALOMA MA gw
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-'
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
Bulletin Office every Friday. 2 to 4 p. m. *
HnT ci t: Online of Sierra Ry.;
HOltL :; elevation 1471 ft.;
NEVILLS, :: most elegantly ap-
UlHFSTnWN : : ' P° lnted hotel In the
dAi*lfc«> 1UWIN, : : mountains: stop here
CAL* : • on your way to or
• : from Tosemlte Valley
HOTEL BON-AIR,
J?OSS VALLEY.
3. E. MANLOVE & "WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
• . Leach). Proprietors. .
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove" ;
new management ; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream 'and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal. -
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles trom Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. - Further Information Traveler office, 20
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMOXS.
Truckee. Cal. - ' . •
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
¦ Nearest place to S. F., 2% hours; 5 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cure- rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing.'
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. . Free
bus to guests. • M. MADRID, Vallejo. Cal.
JOHANNISBERQ. .
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL;
large dining-room; .exhilarating air; hunting,
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. . Inquire of THEO. BLANCKBNBURG
JR., prop., ¦ Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
1 . Town Home. Sonoma. ••• ' "Will meet guests.'
i Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER, Sonoma, Sonoma County, . CaL '
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO, MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
tive . cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and l blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains. Board," incniding baths, • $8
per week. Address TV. . N. . McCORMICK. St.
Helena, Cal.' " .. '
ForrestandheaitlilN THE SIERRAS
near Colfax on O. P. R. R. Elevation lust right —
240O t U— )36 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; fln«sst scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send foi
booklet Orchard Sprites, Colfax. Cal
THE GEYSERS.
(Sonoma County). • New management; rooms
plastered 'and hard finished; new furniture;
new, private bathhouse; hunting,* fishing : year
round; white V help-: only; best livery; cooking
specially supervised by, manager. See pamphlet.,
NEVADA CITY.
. 'The land of mines,' pines and ' sunshine. Na-
tional . Hotel and Annex. Matchless climate,
mountain scenery, • pine • groves, ' famous gold
mines. Perfect accommodations. Reasonable
rates.
iliiiiiiiiMlliHiTmllnlnrTBffHffinfBfflnsT -
EE.A1 SPRINGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
.The famous health and pleasure resort ol
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNEY. MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. . Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". .$10 per week
Two persons in room, 1 "small hotel".$18 per week
une person In room, "cottages" . . . .$11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"
_ ..$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room. "MAIN HOTEL"....
' .' $20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
families desiring- to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau,- 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office,
20 Montgomery st.. or write direct to CRAIG
& WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
HOTEL MAJESTIC
CENTItAL PARK WEST \
AT
SEVENTY-SECOND ST., N. Y.
THE MANAGEMENT RESPECT-
FULLY ANNOUNCES THAT, AS
HERETOFORE, THIS HOTEL (MOST
LUXURIOUSLY APPOINTED)
WILL BE CONDUCTED FROM NOW
ON UNTIL SEPTEMBER 15 AS A
SUMMER RESORT. DURING THIS
TIME THE USUAL LOWER RATES
FOR SINGLE ROOMS AND SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATHS WILL
PREVAIL. CUISINE OF THE
HIGHEST ORDER. THE RUSTIC
AND PALM GARDENS ON THE
ROOF, COVERING AN AREA OF
S0,000 SQUARE FEET, 3OO FEET
ABOVE SEA LEVEL, WITH EVEN-
ING CONCERTS, WILL BE OPEN
FOR GUESTS. AND THEIR
FRIENDS. FOR DESCRIPTIVE
BOOKLET AND TERMS ADDRESS
THE MAJESTIC HOTEL COMPANY.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3% Hours from Los Angeles.
UNRIVALED ATTRACTIONS FOR SEASON
' "M002. v ,¦• :
Our famous band of 25 musicians, including
the great cornet soloist, CHARLES STREEP-
ER of St. Louis.
Daily concerts June 14 to Sept. 15. Phenom-
enal fishing. World's records for rod and reel
angling. The Marine Gardens, Aquarium and
Glass Bottom Boats. Wonderful natural at-
tractions. All outdoor sports. Increased Ho-
tel and Camping accommodations. CAMP
LIFE a special feature:
Enlarged, lighted by electricity and in all
respects up to date.
GOLF, TENNIS, DANCING, all amuse-
ments. For full information, illustrated pam-
phlets and steamer schedule apply to
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU.
BANNING CO.. 11 Montgomery St., S. F'
222 S. Spring St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
Ol/ A f*/>(% H0T SPRINGS. SONO-
OK/ihuO , WA C °UNTY: only4i,i
w«is*VVSV/ hours from San Fran-
. . Cisco nnd but 9 miles'
staging; waters . noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural hot mineral water. bath in State;
?boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: both morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 60. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery st. ; also at Traveler office 20
Montgomery st., or of J. F. MULGREW
Skaggs, Cal.
£TI\U SPRINGS, A
LADIES' MINSTRELS,
Wednesday, 11th of June.
In preparation:
THE BABES IN THE WOODS
£ LIVING EUCHRE.
j r v -A booklet to your address.
EDW. L SANFORD. Manager.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room; new myrtle cottage; hunting, boating,
bathing, toboggan, new. livery, tennis, bowling,
etc.: free teams to our mineral scrings, 15
kinds. E. Durnan, Laurel Dell. Lake Co., Cal.
MT. VEEDER FAMILY RESORT.
•'Redwood groves. Elevation 1650: feet. No
fog. Climate delightful. All varieties fruit.
Iron springs, hunting, mountain scenery, pleas. |
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable. Ad-
dresa_£. E. HOLZREITER. Napa. ;
OCEAN VILLA.
SANTA CRUZ.
Large grounds. ¦• Boating and bathing free.
Free bus. Send for circular. CM.. CLARK.
ALIi ATTRACTIONS
. For the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces, many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming- pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
\ •,•..:, at'.
grolf, tennis and ping pongr are among
the many diversions. . Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching from the hotel
throughout the valley.
GEORGE P. SNEL.L, Manager.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
PASO HUSH
— » A( . . Nature's own selec-
r*i lie t!on for a beaitn and
JL \JK V - pleasure resort be-
____ •'"¦'•' — _— _ cause of the curatlv*
HH A I ¦ rf properties of Its mud
11jLi_Tl.1_ X -1 and rulphur baths fcr
rheumatism, Insom-
' A WfT\ nIa . &out, neuralgia,
_-VI\il llver.kidney and blood
• ; diseases. Has every
T\¥ 'E A CTTTYE natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKcI, S. F.,' Agl
TAHOE TAVERN^
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST.' BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Said
to be. "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains." Try it and form your own opinion.
During June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day. but you can spend more
if you want to. ¦ '.
' For folder giving full descriotion call at the
S.i P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN, TAHOE CITY,
CAL.
DR. C C O'D0I>JI>JE_»I-'!~»
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. .The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaint:., |
rheumatism and catarrh in the worid: 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to) campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Meals served on
the grounds at reasonable rates. Inquire of
DR C. C. O'DONNKLL. office 1021% Market
st., bet. Sisth and Seventh; San Francisco. ,
PARAISO SPRINGS.
The leading summer and winter resort of the
State. Send for beautiful booklet to F. ,W.-
SCHUOEDER. Mgr.. or call at City Agent, 11
Montgomery Et. . - ¦
" THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
Near the ocean. ' Fishing In only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. '.$2 per day. C. P. MOSCONI, Prop.,
Purisslma, San Mateo Co., Cal.
THE TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion. - Resident physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO., Tallac, Cal.
• Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
For descrlDtlve pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau, 613 ' Market st.
. FRCCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE 1. •
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCKWAT TALLT-HO
Over, our short cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
_,/**CI=: TrtHOE,
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottcses for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON SPRINGS
Open" June 15. Connections by stage .daily
with steamer. Rates, $2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to $14, per week. D. ABBOTT, ProD., Mc-
Klnneys, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
RUBICON PARK. ':
Delightful summer resort on shore of. Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats. . fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
day. or $10, $12, $14 per week Postofflce, tel.
A. L. Frost,- Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal.
DEER P*RK INN ANO COTTAGES.
6 miles from LAKE TAHOE. : Typical resting
place; 6507 feet elevation. Mineral springs.
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal. .
T-iHOE'' IINIV,
Tahoe City, one mile from New Hotel. : Now
open. Write for terms. MRS. VADE BRTSON.
prop. ,¦•.¦,¦¦¦¦» :¦¦ ¦ ' . ; .
TRUCKEE RIVER coxjn^Xj^
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Fish-
ing unexcelled; fish hatchery. .' Second season.'
Send' for booklet. W. C. Foulks, Verdi, Nev.
1
Adams
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
For stomach, liver and kidney trouble*— .
positive cure for. constipation. New kltehea
and dining-room, under the supervision of Cart
Raymond and Hans Mortensin and assistant*.
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Five n«—
houses. Room for all. We have more testi-
monials from people cured tban all oUtes
springs combined.
For further particulars and printed mattes
at Travelers' Information Bureau. 29 Mont*
romery st.. San Francisco.
DR. W. R. PRATHER.
ifjjVm Adams Sprlar*.
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mils
From Big: Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Cantons Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write THOS. L. BEIJ*. P. O_
Felton. Cal. Opens June 1st.
A splendid table for boarders: $12 week.
Tenting: for those who prefer to keep bouse.
H. O. WICKES. Caatella. C-U
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths * plunret
No staging. Every comfort and amusement, '- .
Tiburon ferry. 7:30 a. m., 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE. 807 Sutter st. Phon«
Butter 2371, 11 Montgomery st, or A. V.
MORSE. Lytton. Sonoma County. Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management.- Now op*a for
business. Rates. $9 to $14 per week.
SOLID COMFOfiT HOME gSSSTSfco^
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large or-
chard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths. Spring
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stags
meeta train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa. Cai.
ClMPTiYIftR HOTEL. camp cottages!
VAiUr lAlLUtt and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. Q. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with train*
at Hopland. I-eave Hooland at .12:30; arrive at
Lakeport at 8:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs as
7:30. New 6- horse 14-passenger tourist wagon, s.
made to order for this stage line, with all ti»«
most modern Improvements. Passengers for
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tickets can b«
had at office Cal. Northwestern By.. 650 Mar-
ket St., or at Tiburon Ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
V r CHY SPTIINQS— 3 miles from dtiah.
? Mendoclno Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In- the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; tabl« first-class,
J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. Props.
*O ICHABDSON'S SPRINGS — T • a
aV miles from Chico. CaL Noted for b«lng a.
sure cure for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J,
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chlco. Cat
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable In Lak»
Co. ; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesia and
arsenic: wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip tickets. S. P. office*
$8. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Crua Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $S and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket, $2 60. if. 3.
COX. Laurel. Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THI3
homelike resort Is located In the Santa
Cruz Mountains, 6 miles from Capltola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address B»
D. WEBB. Soquel. Cal.
Mountain View Ranch — Hotel, cottages,
well-known table. Phone, swimming, daily
mail; campers to Glenwood. including carriage,
$3 75 round, trip. F. R. DANN, Santa Cruz.
HITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, the best re-
sort In Sonoma County. Open all year
round. Rates, $8 to $12. Take Tiburon ferry.
Bus meets all trains. E. HAWES, Santa Rosa.
ILLOW RANCH— Quiet foothill ranch, 5
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful hom«
in redwoods: abundant fruit: good table; $6 50
per wk. MRS. WM. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz.
ANNADAXE FARM. SANTA CRUZ
; -. MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let, fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postofflce. Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. Saa
. Jose. Cal. — One of the best equipped on tin
coast. Every variety of water treatment, elec-
tricity, massage. X-ray. Write for literature.
BELLEVUE HOTEL — El Verano, Sonoma
County. Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. . Hot min-
eral sprlngsjnearby^PeterGouallhardou, Prop.
RIVERSIDE - HOTEL and cottages; 75 mu a
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. . Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Lone di&t. phone. Fred Barson, Prop.
tNG"S RANCH — Six miles from Cazad.ro.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms. $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
ISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Par-
ticulars "Information Bureau," 20 Mont-
gomery st.. or MRS. L. M. SISSON. Sisson. Cat.
BERGHEIM— Two miles from Los Gatos.
home cooking. P. DISQUE. Los Gatos. Cal.
STAGE LINES A_TT> IJYERIES.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO-^Through th«
redwoods to. the ocean. Hayward's, WuiTs.
Bellvale,. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Crua. Bay R.
R. tickets to Redwood City, 9 a. m. train. 34
and Townsend sts.: 9:20 a. m from San Joae.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Red-wod City. Cal-
FAfil F Ukiah. Tourists, camp.
CAULC DIADLC3 ers hunters. Write to
H. A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescadero
stage line. - via Half moon Bay and Saa
Gregorlo. dally all year; twice a day to Half-
moon ' Bay. i Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.<& 4:15 p. m.
FASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WU-
Hts — Tourists, campers, hunters, write J.
H. Smith. Ukiah, Smith & Taylor. WllliU, tor
any kind of turnout. ¦¦
GILROY Fashion Livery; good service; reas.
rates. Ofc. Gllroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
CANTA. CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stables, gtyl-
O ten rlBS. Reasonable prices
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
WilhelmaofMagdehurg
GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY
Or JSAGDEBCEG, IN TEE STATE 07 PRUSSIA,
ON THE 31ST DAT OF DECEMBER, A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day,
tr made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Etate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections €10 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Corn-
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash f ........ $750,000 00
ASSETS.. == — — =—
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,131,882 65
Xxians on Bonds and Mortgages. . 10,248 206 25
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 45,474 00
Caen In Company's Office 18.039 S3
Cash in Banks 282,968 10
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 201 gg
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 621,310 S3
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 9,616 14
Due from other Companies for re- »
Insurance on losses already paid 1,047,996 50
Total Asset* .$13,305,695 24
LIABILITIES.
Ixissee In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense $S4,788 00
Cross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks,
$ ; reinsurance 100 percent 22 927 10
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50
ptr cent 5<3 §**t m
Liability under other Branches.. 11 SDfl'sJs 'Ad
All other liabilities x^^ $5
Total LlabUitles .$12,070,537 36
INCOME. ".- . ..-.. . .,
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums $478 535 08
Received for interest on Bonds •
and Mortgages 415 966 SO
Received for interest and dlvi- * x *'" roo oo
dends on Bonds, Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources..... 59 971 65
Received from all other sources.. 2, 405,' 441 €2
Total Income $3,359,875 21
EXPENDITURES. =
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (including $ , losses
of previous years) X427 qqq .-
Dividends to Stockholders 132 500 00
I'&ld or allowed for Commission '
or Brokerage 58,831 26
Paid for. Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 29 361 ns
Paid for State, National and
Local taxes 4,520 47
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1,668.870 69
Total Expenditures .......... $2.221,084 57
ZUeks &nd Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $223,674,177 $538,672 90
Net amount of Risks
expired darln? the
year 223,028.835 554,821 90
Net amount In force »
December 3L 1901. . 6.647,578 79,454 92
TH. D AMMAN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23th
flay of April. 1902.
MAX J. BAEHR, IT. & Consul.
GUTTE "&~FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 California Street,
fcan Francisco.
|^O'RQ!Si*M^E^.TgCI^I
8 Coronado Beach, Cal. g
§ BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, §
8 GOLF, TEA "GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE, S
§ PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING 8
8 and all other amusements, with one of the 'finest bands in" the* West and several 'fln« »
S ¦' orchestras. Economical, comfortable and amusing. ¦¦, - ¦ . -. **
S . '¦ Round trip tickets from San Francisco now on sale at: . 8
K . Atchlson, Topeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co., \ 641 'Market ' St"'... .......;".... .$24.50 '¦'.-.' O
J§" ., . Southern Pacific Ry. Co., 613 Market St.:.. ....$24.50 S
q Pacific Coast S.S. Co., 4- New Montgomery St......'..........'.'... ..$23.00 S
S Including. berth' and meals./ ' .,' . "8
S Ground and water rent tree for one month with above tickets. §
8 Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets O
8 over the Santa Fe, Southern' Pacific 'or Pacific Coast Steamship Co. are not §
8 charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this, '• M
g as well as the street car arid icrvy trip to and from the train, and transfer of S
ft 150 pounds o? baggage; "' . , v 8
o -Persons who bring. their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion «
8 tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month ground rent, which includes free o
8 use of water. o
S - Persons bringing their own tents can, rent furnishings at the following 8
sg '.prices per week (for the month of 'dune 5O per cent discount): . .<....:. &
$5 Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress, $1 25;. cot, single, - 25c; spring 8
g cot, double, 60c; mattress, ¦ single, 25c; mattress, double, 50c; pillows, "25c; blankets! 3
¦g 25c; comforters, 25c; table, 25c: campstool, 10c; * chairs, 25c; rocking," chairs, 80c* '< 8
« gasoline stoves, 50c; oil stoves, 25c; washstands, complete, 35c; cooking utensils for S
_J_ three persons, 75c; lamp, with oil, 25c. ' , ; &
S Prices per month : double the s weekly rates.' •. •'. i ' Q
S • . '¦ Furnished , tent •¦ for . one ' Derson. ¦ $12 per month.' •> For two persons, 1 $20/ and each ; W
Q additional person $5 per month.- Furnished tent comprises i beds, • bedding, - tables F£
q wash stands, rocking, folding and 'camp chairs, clean linen, towels, water, dally care JS
Q of tent and laundry of tent linen. ; Tents electric lighted. . ¦. Perfect' seweratre. y>- g
8 For pamphlets and full particulars call on' ' •'.>¦ '-¦ * - ' " "• ¦' ' . ' ' 'S
| ¦¦¦;,,." .PECK'S TOURIST BUREAU^ II Mcritgofnery St., San Francisco, Cal. §
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iflCAKTERSI
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cared toy these /
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Heart- Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price-
STATEMENT
OF THE ¦¦'.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF BERLIN, GERMANY,
ON THE '31ST DAT OF DECEMBER, A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $250,000 00
ASSETS. t
Real Estate owned by Company.. $435,486 60
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. .. 125,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 309,415 31
Cash In Company's Office. lti,574 »1
Cash in Banks 154,724 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans - 1.501 53
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection, and due from other
Companies and axeuts 505,896 63
Total Assets ..$1,548,599 24
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid \
Losses in process of Adjustment |
or In Suspense \ (252,072 75
Losses resisted, including ex- |
penses .....5
Gross premiums- on Fire Risks
running, mere than one year,
$ ; reinsurance pro rata 178,098 81
Gross premium:- on Marine and (
Inland Navisration Risk*,]
$ ; reinsurance 100 1
per cent • } 163,942 26
Gross premiums on Marine Time I
Risks, $ ; reinsurance |
50 per cent 5
Liability under other branches... 259,298 o9
All other liabilities 3,982 28
Total . Liabilities $802,394 40
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums % 392.S39 2S
Net cash actually received for Ma- • • ¦
rine premiums 261,603 OS
Received for interest on Bonda and
Mortgagee 5,000 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 20,138 97
Received frcm all other sources... 427,317 52
Total Income ?l,106,899 J5
EXPENDITURES. . *~ ~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ . losses of
previous years) $280,269 66
Net amount paid for Marine Loss-
es (including: $ , losses
of previous years) 200.462 32
Dividends to Stockholder* 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 355, 73S 79
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 2,237 25
All other payments and expendi-
tures 174.101 52
Total Expenditure* ...$1,062,809 54
Losses Incurred during the year. . $367,112 49
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks '
•written during the
year . . . ; $162,102,783 $1,783,130 62
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 43,307, 4S8 336,603 6!>
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901 8,540.205 93,942 26
CARL THIEME. Prest.
' -? P. SZELINSKI. Secy.
Subscribed and swern to before me this 23d
day of April, 1902.
. ELVTOOD "WILSON JR.,
Deputy U. S. Consul.
GUTTE & FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 California Street,
San FrnncJBco.
i .
M "~"~*~*~~~' THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
„,-.,, „ . School will be open to summer
iiloINLU guests during June at>d July.
DADif * Superior climate, excellent
f/\Ktv* table; reasonable prices. Ad-
___«______ drees IRA G. HOITT.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
(For boys) Menlo Park. San Mateo County, Cal
Careful supervision, perfect climate, thorough
mental, moral and physical training. Prepares
for university or for business. Send for illus-
trated catalog. IRA G. HOITT, Ph. D..
_ Principal.
HI! nnlf T ? SPRINGS — Water.
I'll LIIIV cllmat e. scenery unsur-
ll I I fl 1 1 I ' P aseed - Camping ' privi-
UlLillw I leges now. Trains ¦ from
—_—_—_—_—_——— i Third and Townsend sts.,
9 a. m., 2:45 p. m. Literature on application.
K. ROBERTSON. Gilroy Springs. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE,
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
nonii Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or S.
P. It. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try It. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many Improvements; $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor,
Agua Catiente. Cal.
SEIGLER SPRIIBSKStta:
i & mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
disease*. Swimming, billiards, dancing, Ping
Pone; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave.. or
Eeigler Springs. Lake Co.. H. McGOWAN. prop.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and. health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect On Klamath River.
Ratee, $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14. per
week. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery it.,
or addre» EDSON BROS., Beswick, Slsklyou
County. Cal. ¦ . .. ¦ ,
HORFRG'S Among the Pine Mountains.
IIUUUU ' °* California's choicest climate.
The place to enjoy the country. Bowling, swim-
ming, croquet, hunting, fishing and the best of
meals. Rates $8 per week. For further infor-
mation inquire 10 Montgomery st. or Hoberg's
Lake County. MRS. M. HOBERG. Prop.
AMES <fc HARRIS
Inc , ¦
TENTS. HAMMOCKS. FLAGS AWNINGS
CAMP FURNITURE.
100 Sacramento St. San Francisco.
$800— Sta, Crnz cottage; 7 r.; nr. beach, depot-
60 ft. HAYES, cor, Greenwich and Hyde.Foreign . Markets,
LONDON, June 11.— Consols, 06 15-16; sliver.
Temperature at 7 a. m.. SO.
WEATHER COXDITTOXS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
c •S'r*llr 1 n™?I 0U v r \ Palhp '- Prevails ov*r South-
VtaV r & Nonh " rs > Arizona and Southern
Southern l F t«h i" „ Lieht raln h " '*" en ln
lZ AhVmph TH a prtaM* 1« reported from
ffom r?-h ?1-a J hu " d< «torm» are reported
day with thunderstorms; light w£t »rJ?
Nevada-Partly cloudy Thuidly" Wlnd>
Ran Francl6co and vii;in!fv__r» ••
Local Forecast Official. Temporarily fa?^.
rRUTT AND WHEAT BULLETIN
Tor the twenty-four hour* ending s'p,,^
¦ NEW YORK, June 11. — Flour — Receipts, 19,
100 barrels; exports, 7000. Market more active
and a shade firmer.
Wheat — Receipts, 190,100 bushels; exports,
345,278 bushels. Spot steady. No. 2 red. 78c
elevator; No. 2 red, 78%@79%c, f. o. b., afloat;
No. 1 Northern, Duluth.- 80%o f. o. b., afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 83%c, f.- o. b., 1 afloat.
Placing a. bullish construction on the crop re
port, traders bought a good deal of wheat to
day, causing sharp advances.. There was also
support from foreign houses and outsiders, but
In the last hour profit-taking caused reactions
and the close was: easy at a partial, %c net
advance. July, 77 1-16^78 9-16, closed 7Sc;
Nezv\ York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption; shows: Avail
able cash balance, $199,1*8,532; gold, $99,
489,203. • -
Condition of the Treasury
NEW YORK. June 11. — Money on call was
steady at 2%@3 per cent; closed at 2% per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4Q>4?4 per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 87% for de
mand and at $4 84% for sixty days. Posted
rates. $4 85%@4'8« and $4 88®4 8S%. Com
mercial bills. $4 84%®4 85%, Bar silver, 52%c.
Mexican dollars, 42c. Bonds — Governments,
steady; States, Inactive; railroads, firm.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Stocks were Idle all around. The American
department alone showed backbone, others
dragging. Several failures are possible to
morrow, but they will be small, even If they
occur. Consols closed at 06 15-16, after having:
sold at 96%.
Dealings in Americans were restricted lo
cally, but New York orders to be executed here
were more than for some time. The market
seems broad. The close was good on the crop
reports. > ¦ • • N • . , ¦•
Silver Is firm on a small Indian demand. Tha
market is very short of supplies. • :
London Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
OREGON
PORTLAND, Or., June 11.— Wheat — Walla
Walla, : 65%c; Valley,, : 66%c; • Bluestem
06%@C7c. .-,..• .¦¦'« /
TACOMA, Wash:,- June 11. — Wheat Quiet
and steady. <i5%c;Club, :64%c. ¦
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Or., June 11.— Clearings
$506,387; balances, $75,000.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 11. — Clearimrs.
$040,901: balances. $02,848. " l ° Bf
TACOMA. Wash., June 11.— Clearings, $213
175; balances, $44,422/ " . ' ¦ *,'
SPOKANE, Wash. June 11.— Clearings, $355 .
246; balances. $22,858. • . . - ' * '
Northern Business,
NEW YORK, June 11.— The cotton market
opened -firm, and 3@5 points ' higher; closed
barely steady, with June 3 - points higher and
later months 4@7 points lower.
Neiv York Cotton Market
CHICAGO. June 11. — Cattle — Receipts, 16,
500 head, including 700 Texans.. Market for
choice strong, others alow. Good to prime
steers. $7 35@7 80', . poor to medium. $5 25@6;
Btockers and feeders, $2 00@5 25; cows, $1 40
@5 00; heifers, $2 50@6 60; canners', $140®
2 50; bulls, $2 7505 95; calves, $2 50®7; Texas
fed steers. $5@6 55. --,
Hogs — Receipts: To-day, 41,000; to-morrow,
35,000; left over. 6000. Market strong OftSlOc
higher. Mixed and butchers, $7 10@7 CO; good
to choice heavy. $7 50@7 65; rdugh heavy, $7 10
@7 40; light, $707 35;. bulk of sales, $7 15®
Sheep— Receipt^ 21,000; sheep and lambs
steady to slow. Good to choice wethers, $5@0
fair to choice mixed, $4 50@5; Western sheep
$5@6; native lambs, clipped, $5 25@6 00; West
ern lambs, clipped, $5 50@7; spring lambs,
$7 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., June 11. — Cattle Re
ceipts, 2200. , Market strong. Native, $5 15@
7 60; cows and heifers, $1 50@6; veals, $3 no-i?
5 GO; . bulls and stags. ?3@5 85; stockers and
feeders, $2 C0@5 40.
Hogs — Receipts, 850Q. Market strong to 5c
higher. Light and light mixed, $7 15@7 40
medium and heavy, $7 32% @7 00; pigs S4<»
0 50:- bulk, $7 2507 60. . ' * *^.
Sheep — Receipts. -.-'2500. Market for best
steady, others dull. Top spring lambs, $7 25.
Eastern Livestock Market,
CHICAGO.
An unchanged and quiet market prevailed
for Iron. Warrants remained nominal.. No. 1
foundry northern $21(322: No. 2 foundry north
ern, ¦ $20 60@21 50; No. 1 foundry southern
$20 50@2150; No. 1 foundry southern soft
Jf20 60@20 61. ¦ . ' .,
The English markets were lower, Glasgow
closing at 54s fid and Mlddlesboro at 49s 7d.
NEW YORK, June 11.— The local market for
tin was a shade firmer, with spot at $30 5O@31.
London closed somewhat Irregular, with | spot
10s higher at £131 5s and futures at 15s lower,
£126 10s. " • /¦
The advance on spot was due to the strength
of the New York market and the decline In for
ward deliveries.
Copper was steady here, with standard spot
to August at $11 70(@ll 90; lake, $12 25@12 00;
electrolytic, $12 12%@12 30, and casting at
$12 12%@12 25. The London copper market
vas unchanged, with spot at £54 7s 6d and fu
tures at . £54 lls 3d. - /
Lead was steady at 4V4c, but London de
clined 2s Od to £11 5s.
Spelter was quiet and nominal at New York,
closing at 4%c. London was also unchanged
at £18 12s Cd. ¦
New York Metal Market.
Dullness continues to prevail in local stocks,
and bonds, and changes are few and narrow.
Spring Valley Water was firmer at $89 37% on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange.
The oil stocks were very quiet.
The Four Oil dividend of lc per share,
amounting to $3000. is payable June 16.
Petroleum Center Oil Company has levied an
assessment of 5c per share to become delin
quent on the Oil Board July 11. and at the of
fice of the company July 16. This assessment
will be used to pay up the Indebtedness of the>
company, and for further developing purposes.
The following quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter A
Cc. : Common stock. $23 S7'4@24 25; prefer
red. $63 87}i@64 50; bonds.. $00 50ffi91 50; sub
scriptions, $102 50©102 87%.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 11—2 pt m.
: UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..H0%lll 4a qr cp(new)136 137
43 qr reg 109%110 13s qr (new). .107til08^4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oak W G 5s.l03%lO4^4
Bay CPC 5s.lOS% — Oceanic S 5a. 97%10O
C C G&E 5s.lO5VjlO6Vi Omnibus «».127%130
Cal-s» 5s 119% — Pac G Im 4s. 97 —
C Costa 5s.. — 111% Pk & C H Cs. — 110
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk & OR 6s. — 125
Fer&C H Cs. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5a.. — — Sac EGR 5u. 100% 101
H' C&S 5%s.lO2 — SF & SJV 5a. 12214122%
Do 5s .... — — Sierra Cal 6s — 116Vi
L Ang R 5s.ll8%119 S P of A 6s
L A L Co Os.103% — (1000).... 113%lUVi
Do gtd 6s. — , — (1910) 115 —
Do gtd 53.104 — S P cf C 63
L A & P 5s. — — (1905)Sr A.106# —
Do lem 63.103 — (19O5)Sr B.107% — *
Mkt-st C 6s. — 120 ! (1900) ....109% •
Do lem Bs. 120 122 (1912) 120%
N R of C 63.112% — S P of C lst
Do 5s 121% — c gntd 5s.. — " —
N Pac C 5s.llO% — Do stmpd..l09% —
NCR 5s.. 112 113 SP BrCal 6S.14O —
N S R R5s.lOO%10Ui S V Wat 6s.lll 111%
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% Do 4s 2dm.lO2 103
Oak Trn 6s.. 123 — Do 4s 3dm. 101 102
Do lst c5s. — 115 Stkn G&E 6slC0%101»i
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75% 77 IPort Costa.. 63% 68
Marin Co ... 69 — ISprlng Val.. 89% 90
-;/ OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — |Pac LCo 48 SO
Eqt G L C. 3 3% Sac K G&R. 39 45
Mutual . -iYs 5 S F O & E.. 44% 44^4
O G L & H. — 6U 3 F G L Co. 5% 3vJ
Pac G Imp.. 38 30% Stkn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd.260 ¦—
BANKS
Am B & T...110 113 .First Nationl — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 00% L P & A 1G8%17S>
Bank of Cal. 435 — Her Ex (llq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp. 122% — S F Nationl. 140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.S40 390
Mutual Sav.. 80 85 Union Trst.1830 . —
S F Sav U.. 525 — »l
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.170 — l Market 99%10t
Geary — — IPresidlo ....3D —
POWDER.
Plant ...... 69^ 70*i/.Vigorit 3 Zft
SUGAR.
Hana ....... 3% 4% Kilauea .... — . 10
Hawaiian .. — 4tJ Makawell '...23 25i' k
Honokaa ... 11% — Onomea .... 23% 24 Vi
Hutchinson . 12% 12% Paauhaa .... 12 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.158 15» Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac C Borx.163 >— >
Cal Wine As. — 100% Par Paint... 23 '—
Oceanic 3 Co — 20 |
Morning . Session.
Board —
10 California Wine Association 100 23
30 Hana Plantation Co..... 3 75
123 Spring Valley Water 89 3744
$3000 North Shore 5s ' 100 62}>
$2000 North Shore 5s.., ..'. 100 75
Street—
jGO California Wine Association/.. ..100 23
Afternoon Session.
-*..¦• Board — •
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 23
$5000 North Shore 5s 100 75
' Street —
35 Alaska Packers' Assn, b 3.. 159 00
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 5s.......; .119 00
$5000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 75 ,
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Home 3 33
300 Home 3 40
200 Monte Cristo 1 30
2000 Petroleum Center 02
100 Sterling 1 52%
Street —
200 Sovereign 23
. Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Chicago Crude ,.-. 23
100O Occidental of West Virginia, b 00. 17
200 Oil City Petroleum 17
200 Sterling 1 45
100 Sterling 1 42#
Morning Session.
200 Andes ........ 02|100 Mexican ...... 42
400 Belcher 141 110O Potosl 23
400 Caledonia .... 83| 1400 Potosl 21
50 Caledonia- .... 83 600 Potool 23
600 Gould & Curry 08110O Union Con .... 17
Afternoon Session.
700 Belcher ...... 14 400 Hale & Nor. . . 45
1100 Caledonia ... 85 100 Potosl 2tf
100 Challenge 12 1100 Savage It
SCO Chollar 12 100 Yellow Jacket. 18
800 Chollar ..: 131
The' following: were the sales on the Pacific
ji took Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 15, 20O Ophlr .... 1 13
200 Caledonia .... S3 ,300 Overman SO
100 Caledonia 84 200 Overman 23
600 Chollar 11 BOO Potosl 25
100 C C & Va. .1 32%':CO Sierra Nevada. 15
I0O Hale & Nor... 4O;20O Yellow Jacket. IS
200 Mexican 421
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher ...... 15.300 Hale & .Nor... 47
100 Caledonia 85 ICO Occidental .... Is
200 Challenge Con. 12 100 Ohplr ..1.13
500 Chollar 1-1 100 Potosl 27
800 Chollar 13 500 Potosl 23
100 Hale & Nor... 45 200 Yellow Jacket. - La
200 Hale & Nor. . . 40 .
Continued on Page Thirt»«a.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ¦ July. ¦ Sept.
Opening 5 10% 6%
Closing 5 10% 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 22 45 20 80
Closing 22 C5 20 95
Flour —
Opening 27 75 27 10
Closing y 28 05 . i 27 30
NEW YORK. June 11.— There was a further
expansion In dealings on the Stock Exchange
to-day, which was generally attributed to the
resumption of activity by the newly returned
leaders of the Western group. This activity
centered In St. Paul." There was besides an
active market In Missouri Pacific, which had
no apparent connection with St. Paul's move
ment, so far as the Identity of the brokers em
ployed would reveal It. These two stocks ran
a pretty close- race for the leadership of the
market in point of activity, with Missouri Pa
cific getting rather the best ox" it. both in the
volume of dealings and in the extent of the
gain. Just at the close the rtock moved up
more than 2 points over last night. St. Paul's
extreme rise was 1% and w.is not fully held.
Between them thn two stocks made up about
a quarter of the aggregate dealings of the day.
There were considerable gains in ether stocks,
but these seemed to be more or less In sympp
thy, and there was at the same time some sell
ing to take advantage of this sympathetic
strength. There was no evidence that any con
stckrable outside following was attracted to
the- movement. The advance was made in the
face of a feeling of disappointment over the
monthly crop bulletin Issued last night by the
Agricultural Department. The bulletin showed
none of the hoped-for improvements In the con
dition of winter wheat, upon which, the sto:k
market has been acting, and the effect of the
high average condition of spring wheat was
more than offset by the large decrease in acre
age, causing a large falling off in the indi
cated spring wheat crop from that of laet year.
With continued lack of rain In some portions
of the cotton belt the Influence of the crop
news could not be called beneficial upon stock
values. The dominant importance of the corn
crop this year was thus emphasized, and it Is
considered likely that this Importance will gain
force from this time forward. The argument
•was lueard that an increase in the dividend on
St. Paul is likely for the analogy of the In
crease in Chicago and Northwestern dividend.
The strength of Missouri Pacific caused a re
newal of old rumors that the long-expected
plan for the consolidation of the Gould railroad
Interests Into one corporation was being per
fected. No warrant for either, of these reports
could be secured In any quarter. The coalers
were neglected, but were firm, owing to the
current assertion that the striking miners
were likely to yield the contest soon. Noth
ing more was heard of plans for a compro
mise of the contest. Call money was easy and
In abundant supply, notwithstanding' some in
creased demand for stock market purposes, but
rates for time loans are firmly held. Rather
than make concessions to place, money on time,
bankers prefer to keep their funds In call
loans where they are easily accessible for any
future increase In the rates for time loans.
The stock market closed dull and Irregular.
Bonds were strong and higher. Total sales,
fl,900,000. United States bonds were all un
changed on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 14.300 81% 81% 81%
Atchison Dfd 1,500 09% 00% 09%
Baltimore &. Ohio. COO IOO14 106 10<J
Bait & Ohio pfd... ". 94
Canadian Pacific... 10,800 135% 134% 134%
Canada Southern 94%
Ches & Ohio 1,100 40% 40% 46%
Chicago & Alton... 800 37% 37% 37%
Chgo A Alt pfd.... 400 70% 76% 76V4
Chgo. Ind & Louis. 400 75% 74% 74%
Chgo, Ind & L Dfd. 200 86% 80% 80
Chgo & E Ill.ex dlv 159%
Chgo & G Western 3.4O0 29 28% 28%
Chgo & G W A pfd 300 89% 83% 89%
Chgo & Q W B pfd 300 43% 48% . 48%
Chgo & NW.ex div. 100 240% 249% 249%
Chgo. H I & Pac. . 800 172% 171% 171%
Chgo Term & Tran 200 21 20% 20%
Chgo T & T pfd 88
C. C, C & St Louis 104
Colo Southern 100 31% 31% 31
Colo So 3«t pfd 100 70% 70% 70%
Colo So 2d pfd.... - 000 43 42 42%
Del & Hudson 500. 175 174% 174%
Del, Lack &.West .... 277
Denver A Rio Gr.. 200 42% 42 42
Denver & R G pfd. 1,100 91% 00% 01
Erie 4.600 37% 37% 37%
Erie lst pfd 700 C8% 08% 68%
Erie 2d pfd 02%
Great .Northn pfd. 1,300 185% 185- 185,
Hocking Valley.... 1,200 85% 85 . 85 '
Hocking Val pfd 01%
Illinois Central.... 1,000 152% 151% 152%
Iowa Central 700 40% 45# 46
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 84% 84% 84
Lake Erie & West. •" 65%
L E & Western p'.a 125
KC Southern 400 .TJVi 33 33
K C Southern pfd. 500 -01% 61 61%
Louisvl & Na^hvl.. 9,000 138TS 137% 137?S
wSSfhlttan Elev... 3.300 13214 131% 132
ffiSSSiM? ; '«00 26^ . 26% 3S$
if£iean National.. .100 18% 18)i 18«
WIrn & St Louis •••• HOVi
Wssouri Pacific. . . 44,900 102% 100% 102%
V^ Kans 4^ Texas. 6,100 26% 20% 26%
Wo! Kins & T pfd. 7.200 58% 57% 57%
i:™ 155% is** i«al
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Chico — All grain doing finely. . V
Santa Maria — Hay crop exceptionally heavy;
sugar beets doing well.
Hollister— Summer pears ripening, large
yield, quality medium.
Riverside — Fog clearing; grain and hay light.
Livermore — Barley heading beginning; esti
mated yield, two-thirds the average.
Hanford — Fruit crop doing well; peaches
quite large; apricots ripening rapidly.
Palermo — AH crops as before reported.
Napa — Corn growing nicely; tomatoes grow
ing fast.
San Jose — Fruit and grain crops doing fine;
fruit crop coming on fast; big crop of apricots
and peaches.
Colusa — Grain doing nicely: apricots com
menced to ripen; all fruits continue to do well.
Ventura — Fog clearing; warmer weather will
be welcome.
Santa Rosa — Fruit and grain conditions fa
vorable.
Newman — Grain ripening fast.
Willows — Grain conditions very favorable.
Cloverflale — Vineyards in good condition; sul
phuring begun.
GEORGE H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official, Section Director.
STOCK MARKET.
120th meridian time, San Francisco, June 11,
Weather Report.
020th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 11—5 p. m.
Government Crop Report.
reason of this the outlook for an abundant crop
is less favorable than anticipated earlier in
the season. Early peaches are being marketed.
KENTUCKY. — Gardens are doing quite well.
Irish potatoes are making satisfactory pro-
Kiess. Strawberries and cherries are ripe and
Iwir.g marketed in good quantities. Apples
are dropping considerably and peaches are very
scarce.
INDIANA. — Gardens, potatoes, tomatoes,
melon vines and all tender plants suffered ma
terially from the frosts in the north and central
sections, and fruit is falling badly, it is be
lieved from the same cause; the strawberry
season is about over in the south section, and
in thf north section the berries are ripening.
OHIO. — The condition of fruit has not im
proved. Apples are dropping. Strawberries
v.ere injured by frost and in some sections by
drouth. Cherries are not doing well. Black
berries are in bloom.
WISCONSIN. — The frost caused some damage
to fruit in a few localities, but generally the
prospect is favorable for email fruit. Apples
are setting well, but not sufficiently advanced
to give indication of yield.
The following reports from the United States
IVpariroent of Agriculture. Climate and Crop
Peivice of the Weather Bureau, have Just been
¦pucelvcd :
TENNESSEE. — Fruit prospects are not flat
tering; apples are scarce and peaches are re
j>orted as falling off; in the eastern division
the blackberry crop is promising; in the middle
division some blight is reported.
MISSOURI. — Melons are growing finely.
JJ&rly potatoes are now coming into market
and a large yield is indicated. Garden vege
tables are also growing finely. Apples are
dropping badly in many sections. Peaches con.
tinue very promising in most of the extreme
t-outheru counties and are reported unusually
large for this season
SOUTH CAROLINA. — Watermelons look
v.ell. Large quantities of beans, white pota
toes and cucumbers are being shipped. Gar
dens are generally poor owing to the dry
weather. Peaches and other fruits continue to
urop extensively, although in places fruits of
ell kinds promite to be abundant. Peaches and
j>lums are ripening, and shipment* of the for
mer have begun. A general heavy rain and
wsrmer weather would improve crop conditions
rrsterially.
GEORGIA. — Irish potatoes are mostly a fail
ure. Shedding of peaches continues, and by
Fruit Prospects.
foot, in barr.els, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases. 47%c;
Cocoanut OH. barrels, tS3%c for Ceylon and
53%c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. ia bulk.
13%i&14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocen*
2^c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, ltic:
In cases, 22%c: Benzine. In bulk. 14%c; in
cases. 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; la
cases. 26%c.
TURPENTINE^ — 71c per gallon in cases and
65c in drums and Iron barrels
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Retains: Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.85c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.23c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c-
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners* A. 4.23c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.73c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3 55 C 
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more*
boxes, 50c more; BO-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlncs — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes, 5c
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks .. 16,795, Wool, bales .... 170
Wheat, ctls 77,668;Feed. sks ISO
Barley, ctl3 .... 9,525 Shorts, sks .... 50
Oats, ctls «50j Sugar, ctls .... l,4«:s
Corn, ctls l,79Oi Tallow ctls .... 332
Beans, sks 700 1 Pelts. bdl3 .... 4,370
Potatoes, sks .. 1,930, Hides. No 1457
Onions, sks 404 Leather, rolls... SI
Straw, tons ..... 0 Wine, gals 117,400
Hay, tons ' 322 Lime, bbls .... 54rt
Middlings, sks.. 410'Paper, car ..... 1
Bran, sks 782i
WASHINGTON.
.Flour, qu sks.. H,932iBran. sks 10.49S
Potatoes, sks .. 300| Rolled Oats, aks 67
The following" were the sales on the- San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
? ¦
* CHICAGO, June 11. — Other speculative mar
kets had to drop back and give wheat place
to-day. A good array of bullish Influences was
at work. ¦ Cables were higher and there was
strength in the renewal of wet weather In the
Central and Northwestern States, but most im
portant was the Government crop report. This
document placed the June condition of wheat
at 70.1, as compared with May's 76.4, when
an even 80 had been expected, and the spring
whea.t area was reduced^ by 2,511,000 acres
from last year. Northwestern receipts were
email, and although there seemed to be no
effect on that score early. Minneapolis even
tually led the bulge with sharp advances.
There was an increased volume of outside busi
ness, largely on the buying side. France was
bidding for stuff and the cable strength from
Liverpool was largely due to the bullish French
situation. July wheat opened %@V4c to %@%c
up at 71%@71%c, and quickly • mounted to
72%c. Liquidation for profits was in order and
prices tumbled back to 71%c, but closed strong
and firm, %@%c higher; at 71%c. Much of
the buying was of the best character. • . ..
Corn showed good early strength when all
markets were on the upturn. Support was
necessary, * howeveri • when wheat broke.
Weather conditions favored better prices, as
did the smaller receipts. July closed firm, %c
i Oate were firm. July closed %c up, at 39%c.
Part of .the looked- for reaction, after the
persistent manipulation of provisions by pack
ers, came to-day. After yesterday's remark
able advance of 37%c for July ribs the Inside
crowd led by the packers, unloaded on the
fhorts' and a break of 37%c followed. Com
mission houses advise their clients that the
etuff is topheavy, but at the same time they
Bay the packers can put the price anywhere
that suits their Interests. July pork closed
2%c lower, lard a shade down and ribs 37%c
lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows : ;
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close
July 11 .^..^:^ 71% 72% 'JUS* 71%
D? c rb b e e r r ::::: .H& ? 2 °l K% ffii
Ju?y r . n . N f:.!^. 63% 63% 62% 63%
September 58% 6S$ 58$, 68%
December 44U 44% 44% 44%
Oats No. 2—
July, old ....... 36% 37 36% 37
July, new ..... 38% 39*4 38« 3»%
September, old. 28'A 28% 28% 28%
September, new. 30% 30% 30% 30%
December, new. 30% 30% 30% 30%
' Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 17 70.17 80 17 65 17 70
September 17 75 - 17 97% 17 75 17 77%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July . . . :. 10 35 10 37% 10 30 10 32%
September 10 37% 10 40 10 35 10 35
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 10 70 10 70 10 37% 10 37%
September 10 35 10 35 10 22% 10 25
CaEh quotations were as follows: Flour, easy:
No. 3 spring wheat, 70@72%c; No. 2 red, 78®
70c; No. 2 oats. 42%c; No. 2 white, 46@47c;
No 3 white, 44 i >4®45%c: No. 2 rye. 58%i5?59c:
fair to choice malting barley, 66<g6Sc; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 56: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 76;
prime timothy seed, $6 30@6 35; mess pork, per
barrel, $17 80; lard, per 100 pounds, $10 27%
<@ 10 30; short ribs sides (loose), $10 32%@
10 42%; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 8%@8%c;
short clear sides (boxed). $10 75@10 85; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, contract
grade, $8 35. , '
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22.000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 63,000 106,000
Corn, bushel3 390.000 60.000
Oats, bushels ;........... 328.000 . ,420,000
Rye. bushels 4,000 35,000
Barley/bushels .... ..r22.000 v-- 5.000
On the Produce Exchange" to-day the butter
•market was weaker. Creameries, 18@21%c;
dairies, 18@19%c; cheese, steady, 9%@10%c;
,eggs, .easy, fresh, 15%c.
: Chicago Grain and Broduce.
Receipts of new Potatoes were -liberal and
poor stock was offering freely, j Extra fancy in
boxes continued to sell readily at 2c per Ib.. but
supplies of such stock were insufficient to sat
isfy the demand. Old Potatoes sold slowly at
the quotations.
Red Onions are Improving In quality and of
ferings sell readily at an advance. Sllversklns
are commencing to come in from Stockton.
Receipts of Green Corn are steadily increas
ing. Offerings from Vacaville sell slowly, as
most of the receipts from that place are poor
and some unsalable. Asparagus arrived in bet
ter condition and brought better prices. The
canners were offering $1 75®2 00 for the extra,
but were unable to procure any great amount.
Offerings of Los Angeles Tomatoes were liberal
and prices declined. The Mississippi Tomatoes
were held firmly at $2 25@2 50 per , crate, but
sold slowly. String and Wax Beans were easier
but cleaned up weir at lower prices. Peas had
a further advance. Summer Squash and Cucum
bers continued to decline. The first Chile Pep
pers were received from Stockton and sold at
12%c Derlb.
POTATOES — New Potatoes, $1@1 50 in
sacks; in boxes from the river, $1@1 20 for
the Early Rose and $1 25@1 85 for Burbanks
with some fancy higher; old, 90c@$l for Bur
banks from the river; from Oregon and Wash
ington, $101 25; River Reds, $1@1 25; Sweets,
$2 50 for Merced.
ONIONS — Australian.' $3 2.103* 50, second
hands; Sllversklns. $1 50@l 75; new red, 4S@60c
per sack; White Onions, 35@50c per box. .
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, from Vacaville,
10@20c per dozen; from Brentwood, -25@30c;
Asparagus, extra fancy, $2 25@2 50 per box,
$1 75@2 00 for No. 1 and 75c@l 50 for No. 2;
Rhubard, 50@75c oer box; extra fancy, 00c@
$1; Green Peas, $1 00@l 25; per sack; J3arden
Peas $1 50@2 00 per sack; String Beans, 2@3c
per lb and; 2%®3%c for Wax; Refugee
Beans, 4@4%c per lb; Cabbage, 00c@$l per ctl;
Iioa Angeles Tomatoes, $1 75@2 per box . and
crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $2@2 25 per box;
Dried Peppers, «10@llc per lb; Los Angeles do,
13@17 %c; Carrots, $1 per sack; Cucumbers from
Marysvllle, 75c@$l'per box; from Arizona, $1
per box; Hothouse do, 25@50c per dozen; Gar
lic,' 2@3%c for new;Los Angeles Green Peppers,
10@12%c; Stockton do, 12%c; Mexican do, 10@
15c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles,- 7@10c; Sum
mer Squash, 05c@$l for small boxes and $1 5U
for large; 'Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $15@20.
Poultry and Game. : , ¦>'
There were btit few changes in Poultry, but
the market was a trifle ' weaker, as receipts
were large and the .demand was less brisk, ow
ing to the large purchases by retailers on the
preceding day. The first ca^ of Eastern to ar
rive • this week came in late In the day. and
moved oft fairly well.
Receipts of Game were light and. Hare were
firmer. Rabbits were unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c focHens; Geese, per pair,
SI 25; Goslings. $1 25@1 50; Ducks, $3 50Q*4 for
old and $4 60@6 -for young; Hens. $4 60®5 50:
young Roosters. $fl r>0@8; old Roosters. $4 50
@5; Fryers, $4 50@5 50; Broilers, $3@4 for
large and $2 25@2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 75
per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
. GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for Brush. ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market is topheavy and weaker,
with considerable pressure to sell. Stocks are
altogether too \large for the demand, as re
ceipts from Humboldt are running heavy now.
There is no further change in Cheese, j ¦
Eggs are easing oft The top quota
tion Is still obtained.- but not as readily as
for the past few days. Receipts, while not
large,- are more . liberal than • they have been,
and some dealers ' are heavily - overstocked.
Store Eggs are lower and retailers report pur
chases at 16%c. -^ _
Receipts were . 39,100 pounds, 109 cubes of
Butter 1323 cases of Eggs, 40o cases of East
ern EggB, 37,300 1 pounds of California Cheese
an d -. pounds of Oregon Cheese. '
BUTTER — Creamery, 21@21%c per pound for
fancy, '20%c for ' firsts \ and 20c for seconds;
dairy. 17@20%c; store. Butter, 14@16c per
QHEESE— New, 0@10c;, 'old. nominal; Young
America, I0@10%c: Eastern, 13@15tf per pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 20@21c for fancy and 17%O
19c -for, fair v to , good; store, 16%@17%c per
dozen. / '. '¦..'¦'¦ * ;
Deciduous, and Citrus Fruits. :.
.
.Offerings of Berries were liberal' and -some
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There were, no further changes in Beans, the
market being quiet. ' / [ ,
BEANS— Bayos, .$3@3 10; smair White, $2 40
@2 50; large White,' $2 40@2 45: Pea, $3 25®
3 60; Pink, $2g2 15; Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
$5® 5 10; Limas, $3 60@3 75; \ Red Kidneys,
$3 C0@3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%@
Il't4c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, l%@2J4c;
Hemp, 3%c per lb. i
DRIED PEAS — Nlles. $1 75@2; Green. $1 40
©1 05; Blackeye. $1 75@2.
Beans and Seeds.
The feature of yesterday's market was the
arrival of 10,495 sacks of Bran from Washing
ton. This did not break the market, as the re
ceiver was . very firm" and refused to- sell any
of it under the quotations. Middlings ' were
quoted firm. Hay was unchanged, but rather
weak than otherwise. Rolled Barley is weaker.
BRAN— $18 50@19 50 per ton.
¦ MIDDLINGS— $21@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $20(@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25026;- Job
bing $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal $31@32; Cracked Corn. $31 50®32 50;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — New Is selling as follows: Wheat.
$8@9 60; Volunteer Wild Oat, , $6@8; Old ib
quotable as follows: ..f • ¦';
Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do $9 50@U 50; Wheat and Oat. $9@U 50;
Oa't $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $7@11; Clover. $7®9;
Volunteer. $0 50©8 50; Stock. $0@8 per ton.
STRAW — !0<365c*per bale. -
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®3 50;
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3@*
3 50. *
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are- as fol
lows usual discount to the trade : \ Graham
Flour,' $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75* Rice Flour, $7; Corn. Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25- Buckwheat Flour, $4 50#4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole ¦ Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; m
eacks $0 85@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 60; Split
Peas," $5 60; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
BUCKWHEAT— -$2 25<f2 60 per ctl asked.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
2000 ctls, 83%c. .
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December — 2000 ctls.
83%c.
OATS— Are weak and quiet at the decline
already noted. Sellers continue to offer new
crop without eliciting any bids. Grays, $1 35#
142%; Whites, $132%@147%: Milling, $147%
@1 50: Black, $1 22%@1 32%; Red, $1 30@l 42%
per ctl. . .
CORN — Continues quiet at easy but un
changed prices. , Large Yellow, $145@150:
small round do. $150@152%; White, $155®
1 60. . •
RYE— Inactive at 85®92%c per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
12.000 ctls. $1 10%: 14,000, $1 10%. ¦
Second Session — Decembei" — 4000 ctls. $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December 1 — 2000 ctls,
BARLEY— Quiet at previous prices with buy
ers holding off and Indifferent.
New Feed, 92%c; old Feed. 93%@95c for No.
1 and 90@92%c for off grades; brewing, 96%@
07%c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked for standard..
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm,
with higher Liverpool and Paris futures.
Chicago was dull, featureless and unsettled,
rising from 71%o to 72%c and falling back to
71%c. Local shorts covered July, owing largely
to the strength in Minneapolis, where the shorts
are 'in a dangerous position., Brokers who usu
ally buy for the Southwestern trade were sell
ers of September. I . •
The Government crop report appears in the
first column. It gives the condition of winter
wheat at 76.1 and of spring wheat at 95.4.
. This market was steady, with a slight im
provement in futures.
i Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 10@l 11 %: mill
ing, $1 15@1 17% per ctl.
W heat and Other Grains,
of the receipts came to hand in poor condi
tion, owing to the warm weather In the coun
try. . Choice offerings sold readily at full fig
ures and a few chests of Longworths and Ma
lindas commanded a small premium over the
quotations. There was " but little demand for
Loganberries, some being, sold as low as $4
per chest. Currants were unchanged.
Choice offerings of black Cherries in cartons
from San Jose continued to find ready sale at
75c pe.r carton. Other varieties were easier,
although prices showed little variation.
Apricots are steadily declining under ' In
creasing receipts. Green Apples. Pears and
Peaches sell slowly at the quotations. Apri
cots In baskets from 'the river were offering
at CSigOOc per basket. |
Figs ¦ and Melons from Yuma : stood about
the same. Ten bxs of choice black Figs were
received from Palm Springs and were offering
at $2 50 per box, but came in too late to be
sold.
There was no auction sale of Oranges yes
terday and the receipts In the open market
were very light. Fancy Oranges were In lim
ited supply and the top quotations were read
ily obtained. The market Is almost bare of
Lemons and Grape Fruit. Owing to the scar
city or Lemons the demand for Limes .was bet
ter and prices advanced. m
The Government fruit crop report, giving a
less favorable outlook • in , a number of States,
appears In ' the first ' column.
• STRAWBERRIES— $6@O per chest for Lons
worths and $3 50©5 for Mallndas; crates from
Florin, 75c@$l.
RASPBERRIES— ?5@9 per chest; crates from
Loomls, 80c@$l.
LOGANBERRIES— ?5®8 per chest: crates.
$1 25@1 50. :
BLACKBERRIES— In crates from Loomls.
$1 25O1 40.
GOOSEBERRIES— $2 50@3 per chest: in
bulk,' l@l%ofor common and 2@4c for Oregon
Improved; English. 6@7c per chest. -
CURRANTS— $2 50©5 Der chest. --.
CHERRY PLUMS— 35@65c per box.
APRICOTS— 65c(g$l per box and 90c@$l 25
per crate for common offerings; fancy varieties,
?1@1 25 per box and crate.
APPLES— $2 5003 Der box for old; Green.
40@65c per box and 25@50o per basket; large
boxes, $l@l 25. ¦ - ,
PEARS— Madeline, 35®50c for small boxes
and |l for large; baskets. 25@40c.
PEACHES — From Vacaville and the river,
$1@1 25 per box. - .
CHERRIES— White, 25<g40c per box; In bulk.
2@3c; Black, 35@50c per box and 2%@5c in
bulk; Royal Anne, 60<gS5c per box and 5@6c
)n bulk.
FIGS — Black from Yuma, $2 per box.
MELONS — Nutmegs from Yuma, $2@4 per
crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2@4» ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings. 50c@
2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, 91 25@3; St.
Michaels, ?1S2; Valencias, $2 50@4; Lemons,
$1 25@1 60 for common, $1 75®2 25 for good to
choice and $3® 3 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit.
$2 50@3 50; Mexican Limes, $4 50*35; Bananas,
$2@3 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 5€®
2 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3<@>4 per dozen.
'Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots, »@10c for Royals and 10
©13c for etandard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated - Apple's, 10011 %c; sun dried. 6@7c;
Peaches. 6ii@ 8 ?4 c ; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
6@6%c; unpitted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines. 5%@6c
for red and 5%@6c for white; figs. 3%&4%o
for black and 6%@6c for white. •
PRUNES^ — 1901 croD are quoted as follows:
30-40s, 6%@6%e; 40-SOs, 5@5%c; 60-60s. 4%@
4%c; 60-70S, 4@4%c; 70-8Qs, 3%@3%c; 80-OUb.
M&\Lc; 90-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown, 8c: 2-crown.
7%c; Loose Muscatels. 5%o for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers, $1 60 per box.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 11@11% C ;
No. 2, 6@7o; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
7c- Almonds, 10%@12c for papershelL 9@10c
for Boftshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts.
B@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
S3 50@5. - .
HONEY — Comb, ll@12o for bright and 9@llc
for light amber: water white extracted. 6®
5%s: liJtht amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29o Der lb.
Provisions.
There was nothing new from Chicago yes
terday, that market being quiet and un
changed. —
San Francisco dealers are talking of again
advancing Hams, Bacon and Lard In a few
days, to bring the market up to the Chicago
level. There will probably be no advance this
week. • . *
3 CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per Ib for
heavy. 13%c 'or light medium. 14%c for light,
15%c for extra light and 10@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 13%@14; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl;
extra. Mess, $10 50@ll; Family. ?11 50@12;
crime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear, $23;
Mess, $18 50@19: Dry Salt Pork. 12%c; Pig
Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef.
K5V>©14c per pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%S8%c per lb
for compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 12%c; 10-lb tins. 13%c; 5-lb tins, •13%c;
3-lb tin*. 13%c,
COTTOLENE — One half -barrel, 10% c: three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; "two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Local Hop dealers report contracts for the
1902 crop at 13@14c. which is an advance over
the contract bids which have been quoted for
some weeks. The market continues In- good
shape for sellers, in spite of the flue crop pros
pects.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy and Oc for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip. 0c; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip, 11® 13c; Dry Calf. 16@18e; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@
30c each; short wool, 40@00c each; medium,
05@75c; long Wool, S0c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$t 50fg2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium,
$1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts, Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can, 23c; dry Central American, 32 %c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%®6o per lb:
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3%c.
WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Mendoclno,
15@17c; Northern free, 14@lCc; do, defective,
1SI5S14; Middle County free. 13@15; do, de
fective. 12@13c; Southern, 12 month*. 0@10c;
do, 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill, ll@13c; Neva
da, 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15®16c; do,
medium and coarse, 14@13c per lb.
HOPS— 12@12%c for fair and 13@14c per Ib
far good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop being
drawn at 13@14c. •
Saw Francisco Meat Market.
No further changes «e reported, either in
live or dresesd Meats. •
DRESSED - MEATS. . V
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF — 6%®7Vic for Steers and 5%@6c per
lb for Cows. . •. • '
' VEAL — Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers,. J T%@8%c; Ewes, 7@8o
per lb. . '•;'.-' ¦ ¦
. LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10c per lb. ¦ ;-- "
PORK— Dressed Hogs,- 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The. following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkasi- for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8% ®0c; Cowa and Heifers,
7@7%c; tMn Cows, 4©5o per lb.
CALVES— 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@4c; Ewes, 3%@3?ic
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 50®2 75 per
head or 4®4%c per Ib live weight; yearlings,
3%C?4c per* lb. , . •' .
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%@
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 0©0%c; feeders. Hit
6%c; -sows, 20 per cent off, boars 50 per cent
off and stags 40 per cent off from the . above
quotations. "; : -'
. General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. June and July, &%@6c;
San Quentin. 5.53c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c. :;
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, ?8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, <6 50;
Roslyn. *7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, W;
Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend. <8"50;
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $8 43 per 200O lbs and $8 60
per ton. .according to brand.
A circular for ' Australia says : "Coal ar
rivals since the steamer Sonoma left are as
follows: Alice McDonald. 840 tons; West
gatl, 2345 tons; Albyn, 3221 tons; Sea King,
2195 tons; total. 9101 tons. There are twelve
coal carriers ; that are fully due here In the
next thirty days. The chartered list of coal
vessels foots up thirty-four in number, with a
carrying capacity of about 02,000 tons. For
tunately for the- Importers of these cargoes
fully 90 per cent of the coal had already been
disposed of, as it would be very difficult to
make re-sales to-day at the same prices at
which they have • been • contracted for. It is
singular that the loading list continues so
large, in view of the fact that it Is with dif
ficulty that a cargo can be sold, on .arrival
here, at . its Importation cost. In the bids re
cently made for coal supplies for the Govern
ment transports Australian grades were marked
down to very low ; figures. The contract haa
not yet been awarded. Fuel Oil continues to
make inroads among steam* consumers, which
makes the outlook for the future peculiarly
discouraging. Reports Are being generally dis
seminated that a . number of . our ocean-going
steamers are about being- remodeled, sq as to
discontinue the .further use of coal.- Some
of our wholesale dealers are meditating reduc
ing the sizes of - thetr. plants here' locally, as
the real estate being utilized by them has
become _very valuable within the past few
years." .
OIL — California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil,. in barrels, boiled!
78c; raw, 76c; cases, 5c more;Lucol, 68c for
boiled and ¦ 66c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 05;
China Nut. 57 % 6 <JSc per gallon; pure Neata-
Local stocks and* bonds still inactive.
Silver higher. Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley dull and easy.
Oats, Corn and Rye weak.
Heavy receipts of Bran from Washington.
Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans continue quiet at previous prices.
Butter in large supply and tophcavy.
Eggs and Cheese plentiful, and store Eggs lozvcr.
Local dealers predict a further advance in Cured Meats.
Contracts for new Hops drawn at advanced prices.
Live and dressed Meats shozu no further change.
New Potatoes steady, and Onions and Vegetables firm.'
Poultry rather ivcakcr, under larger receipts.
Fresh Fruits continue to sell off very well.
Oranges and Lemons in light supply. Limes higher.
Exchange and Bullion.. -..
Sterling Exchange, 00 days..... — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight ~ — ; 4 8S%
Sterling Cables - — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight ¦ — -15
New York Exchange, telegraphic . — 17%
Silver, per ounce .'....^ — . 52%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — - 45%
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 11-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 2%@2% per cent.
Money 2g2% per cent
NSSf«;: * : 100 oc * ™- - -"'gg«
Ontario & Western 1,200 33 Ss" S2%
p! n 2? yivanla •'•••• 8 ' 700 160^ 140% 150 .
S! a 2 ng • 8,200 64'/I „ 63% 03%
Reading 1st pfd... 700 84 84 83&
Heading 2d pfd.... l.eoo 60 ' 08% G8%
I* \" £ f P lst »' fa 10 ° 85 85 83%
St Louis fewestern. 400 . 28% 28% 28
St Louis Swstn pfd 800 62% 61% 61%
If P* Ul . ••« 45 ' 000 172 37OH 171%
f, 1 f. aul »">••• 100 100 100 180%
Southern Pacific... 2,000 64% 64% 64%
Southern Railway.. 3,200 37% 37 37
So Railway pfd.... 500 05% 05 04%
?o? a K,*N p i cl £?-v 2 ' 400 ! i2 41 * 41 &
Tol, St L & West 21
Tol St L & W pfd 200 37% .-{7% " 37%
Un ion Pacific i.ioo 105?| 105 105%
Union Pacific pfd.. 800 88% 87% 87%
Wabash . 700 27.% 27 20%
TV abash pfd 2.200 44-Ti 44W 44*6
Wheel & L 15.... \. 400 22 21%. 21%
Wheel & L E 2d pfd 31 u
Wisconsin Cent ... 1,000 27% 27% 27%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 2.100 50% 40 40U
txpress Companies — '
Adams .. jot
American '¦-¦ "" n<y>
United States \\ ""115
Wells Fargo " " " orv\
Miscellaneous—
Amalg Copper ..... 5.200 69*4 6S% 60 '
Amer Car & Found. 13,200 32% 32% 32%
AmerC&Fpfd.. 800 01% 01 91
Amer Linseed Oil.. 300 20Vi 25% 25«
Am Linseed Oil pfd 5lii
American Loco 1,800 33% 33>4 33V4
Amer Loco pfd 200 92% 02% 93
Am Smelt & R.... -600 40 48% 48%
Am 8 &B pfd.... 800 99% 09 99%
Anaconda M Co... 300 113% 113 114
Brook Rap Tran... 1,800 (57% 67% 67%
Col Fuel & Iron... 100 101% 09-08%
Consolidated Gas... COO 221% 221 220%
G^rl^tric": :.™ %$ 124 * g«
Hocking Coal ..... 500 16% ifl% 16%
InternatI Paper ... 2.200 21 Vi 20% 21
Internal Paper pfd 1,300 75% 75% 75
InternatI Power .. 200 S3 83 , 8.3
Laclede Gas 09
National Biscuit .. 200 48% 48% 48%
National Lead .... 700 2*>T4 oo2 oST?
North American .. ..... M ~ Vi - iH* 4
Pacific Coast " * *. x ii
Pacific Mail ?£
People's Gas 200 102 " 102*' 101 V,
5a. n clfii c ?f:: ,28 % if »*
Republic Steel pfd. 900 75% 74« 7?^
Siii 1 1
U S Leather 1*800 iw iiil ,2,/
U S Rubber pfd '. '. " ' %< " " ' " .* *'r T It?*
g8a&&gr a & sg
Western Union .... 1.6QQ 01% 90% 90^
Total sales 379,600 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
rL ref . 2 J? re S-..A0H U & N unl 4s 103«
Do ref 2s coup.. 108% Mex Cent 4 S . 83
ft> 3 « ™8 107% Do 1st inc 32
Do 3s coup 107% M & St L 4s.. 105
Do new 4s reg. .130 M K & T 4s 93.1;
Do new 4s coup.130 Do 2nds «4«
Do old 4s Kg... 109% N Y Cent ist' s ::::i04%
AS£Zi,::S s iW ||
n?u %*nt S ,- y -3% < ror & West' con islOlti
r^» f u M ° 4S * * A^ heading gen 4fa. . .100*
I So^v-i;::::-.!^ B'g I ?».««}«
SS?ft.8?^:aKfei5 SS- IPii
Chi & Alton 3%!.. sc Ku S^aTirKH-iiSfi
r I m w P KI V 48 H 5^. y St L & W 4s... 83%
FrSl 4s -";- 1 i 2 - Doconv4s 107%
rhf 1 gea 4sl 2x Wab as*> 1st* 119%
Chi Ter 4s 90 D© 2nds 112%
Colo & Sou 4s.... 95 Do deb B 75
D & R G4s 103% west Shore 4s... 115
Erie prior lien 4s.l01% W & L E 4s.: 95
Do gen 4s 87% Wis Cant ¦!« oi
Ft w & d c lsts.ii-a con Tob 4sf:::::: %*
Hocking Val 4%s. 110 Vtj*.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20. Little Chief ....... 12
AHce 40 Ontario 7 (XI
Breece • ••• 50 Dphir 1 05
Brunswick Con 00 Phoenix on
Lomstoek Tunnel.. 05 Potosl ... oq
Con Cal & Va 1 25 5avage . . 10
Dead wood Terra... 1 00 Blerra Nevada ...': 12
Horn Silver 1 25 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver . .-. 73 Ctandard ; .3 20
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— u S Steel pfd..:. 89
Call loans ....3%@4% West Common... 107
Time loans 4@5 Mining-
Bonds — Adventure 23%
Atchlson 4s 102% Allouez .... 2^1
Gas lsts 94% Amalgamated . . eoCi
Mex Central 4s... 81 Daly West 45
NE Gas & Coke.. 56 Bingham 34.V
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.GOO
Atchison . 81% Centennial 19
Atchison pfd 99% Copper Range ... 58
Boston & Albany. 260 Dom Coal 139
Boston & Maine.. 200 Franklin ". nu
Boston Elev 165 Isle Royale . . ' . 12
NY, NH & H....233 Mohawk 4S
Fitchburg pfd ...143% Old Dominion ... 21%
Union Pacific ....105% Osceola 61%
Mex Central .... 20% Parrot . , 28
Miscellaneous— Quincy 130
Am Sugar i.128% S F Copper 1%
Am Sugar pfd.... 119 Tamarack .... 179i2
Am Tel & Tel ...175 Trinity 12%
Genl Electric ....318 United States ... 20
Mass Electric 44 Utah 21%
Ma*s Elec pfd .. 98 Victoria 414
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Winona 3%
United Fruit ....109 Wolverine 55%
U S Steel 39 United Cop 34%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons, money. . .06 13-10 N Y Central ....158%
Cons. account..9C 15-16 Norfolk & W 58%
Anaconda 5% Norfolk & W pfd. 02
Atchison 84 Ontario & W.... 33%
Atchison pfd ....101% Pennsylvania . . 70%
B & O 108'4 Reading 32%
Can Pacific. 138% Reading lst pfd.. 42%
Chesa & Ohio .... 47% Reading 2d pfd.. 35
C G W 28% Southern Railway 38%
C, M & St P 75 Southern Ry pfd. 97>i
D&RG 42% So Pacific 66%
D & R G pfd 43% Union Pacific 107%
Erie 38% Union Pacific pfd 90
Erie lst pfd 70& U S Steel 41%
Erie 2d pfd 54 US Steel pfd 91%
Illinois Central ..155 Wabash 27%
L,& N 140% Waba«h pfd 45%
«U, K & T 27% Spanish Fours 80%
M. K&Tpfd.... 60 .
Bar silver firmer, 24 1-lCd per ounce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
September. 75%@76%c. closed 75%c;
ber. 7C 15-ie@77%c. closed at, 77c. , ' •
Hops— Firm. State," prime to choice. • 1001
crop 10@22c- 1000 cron. 14®15c; olds, 5@6c. Pa
cific Coast, 1001 crop, 17%@20%a; 1000. crop,
14gn5c: olds, 5@Uc. . ' -: ?:
• Hides — Firm. ¦ ,
Wool— Quiet. J ¦ . ' / -i .
Coffee — Spot Rio dull. No. 7 invoice, 5*ic.
Mild, steady. Cordova. S@llVjc. Futures closed
quiet and net unchanged to 5 points lower. -To
tal sales, 13,500 bags, including: July, 4.85c;
August, 4.05c;. September. 4.95@5c; December.
5.20@5.25c; January, 5.30c; March, 5.45c; May,
5.55c. • ¦
Sugar — Raw. quiet. Fair refining. 3c. • Cen
trifugal, 90 test, 3%c. Molasses sugar, 2%c.
DRIED FRUITS. - , ...
NEW YORK, June 11.— The market ;for
exaporated apples is inactive, but steady; de
mand holding well up to supply. State, com
mon to good, are holding , at 7@9%c; prime,
10c: choice. 10'4@10?4c. ¦
There is little Interest In the market for
California products. . There has been a " fair
movement noted in spot prunes, however, and
large sizes are somewhat firmer ' and prices
range from 3%c to 6%c for the various grades.
Apricots were quoted at 10%@14c.
Peaches— Peeled, 12@16; unpeeled, 8%@10%c.
Apricots have recently been in somewhat
fairer demand and some buying of futures- for
the interior Is noted, but locally the trade is
quiet. . • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
The Government crop report. Just issued,
gives the following condition of 'Wheat. Oats
and BarJey:
Cozx&ltlon eprisg wheat. 03.4; winter wheat.
7G.1; oats. 90.6.
Reports of spring wheat acreage indicate a
reduction of about 2,511.000 acres, or 12.8 per
cent of the nineteen States reporting spring
wheat. Thirteen report a reduced acreage.
Washington being the only State having 100,
000 acres .or upward in this product that re
ports an Increase. There is a reduction of 745,
0i»0 acres in Minnesota, end of 905.000 acres
In North Dakota, due largely to unfavorable
weather conditions during sowing time in Red
River Valley; a reduction of 400.00M acres In
South Dakota, resulting in the main from an
increasing tendency toward a greater diver
sification of crops and a reduction of 340.003
acres in Nebraska, consequent upon that grad
ual yielding of spring wheat to winter wheat,
which is going on in almost every section of
the State. The average condition of 6pring
wheat on June 1 was 05.4. as compared with
92 nt same date last year. 87.5 on June 1. 1900.
Bed a ten-year average of 92.6. The present
reported average condition has been exceeded
only three times in the last fifteen years.
Of the States having 1,000.000 acres or up
ward in spring wheat. South Dakota reports
a condition of 100. North Dakota 06, and Min
nesota and Iowa 95>. In Washington and Ore
gon, which together have over 1,100.000 acres
in spring wheat, the condition averages are 97
and 93 respectively. The average condition of
winter wheat on June 1 was 76.1. as compared
with 76.4 on May 1, 1002; 87.8 on June 1, 1901;
K2.7 on June 1. 1000, and 80.3. the mean for
June average for the last ten years. Dur
ing the month cf May there was a gain of
'US points in Michigan. Illinois and Kansas, of
1 point in Indiana. 2 point* in Nebraska and
7 in Oklahoma. On the other hand, there was
a loss of 2 points in California and 3 in Penn
sylvania, with no measurable changes la Ohio.
Acreage reported as under barley exceeds
acreage harvested last year by 8.5 per cent.
In States having 100,000 acres or upward de
voted to this crop, there is an increase of area
amounting to 1 per cent in Kansas, S in South
Dakota. Washington and California, 8 per cent
in Minnesota and !¦."> per cent in North Dakota.
The ten-year averages are exceeded by 2 points
in Washington. 4 in Minnesota and Iowa, 5 in
California. C In North Dakota and South Da
kota and 10 in Wisconsin, while New York and
Kansas report conditions 2 and S points, re
spectively, below such average.
23 15-16(3; 'French rentes. lOlf 85c. 'Cargoes on
passage,* rather easier; No. 1 standard Califor
nia. ,29d; English country markets, dull at de
cline, (id. . . r .
LIVERPOOL. June 11.— Wheat firm: No. 1
standard California, 6d 3s@6d 4s; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, generally cheaper; weather in
England, overcast. . ¦ • ¦ . '
.: COTTON— Uplands. 5d.
11
STATIONS.
5 K K
? E E
• c c
: 3 3
: |1
: a
; o
•i S
o
; 3
storia
iker
irson
jreka
agstaSf
jcatello. I<ia.
dependfnce .
>s Angeles . .
-toenix
inland
fd Bluff
wfourg
icraratnto ..
Ut Lake ...
in Frair-isco.
L- OblKpo. .
an Dif-go .
eattlc
pokene
cah Hay ...
'al!a Walla.,
'lnnernucca .
uma
.30.
.29.
.29.
.29.
.29.
.29.
l29.
.29.
.28.
.29.
.29.
.23.
.29.
.29.
.29.
(.29.
.23.
.29.
..so.
.23.
.30.
.2».
.23
..23.
>.<X5 64 52
'.84 72 44
.68 M 50
.96 C8 C2
.62 »C C8
.C2 74 4S
.58 S« C2
.56 »2 «0
>o <;s .vi
.r.o loo 70
.94 72 46
.64 94 C4
.88 76 44
SA 80 54
.M R8 64
.S4 56 50
.90 C3 52
.84 W- 00
.02 CO CO
.f* 70 46
.04 58 48
.62 78 r»0
02 M 50 '
.50 100 C6 !
NW
N
W
N'W
W
W
sw
w"
KW
NW
BE
N
8
W
s\v
w
w
Ntr
ew
w
w
w
sw
Clear .CO
Clear .03
Clear .00
Clear .CO
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .16
Clear .00
Pt Cldr .00
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear ' .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear • .00
STATIONS.
5^§
33 33
n
. f
f
m
if
2 £
% j. 2,
Chico
Cloverdale . .
Colusa
Eureka
Fresno
Hanford ....
Holllster ....
Independence
Livermore . .
Los Angtles .
Napa
Newman ....
Palermo
Porterviile ..
Red Bluff ...
Riverside . . .
Sacramento .
Ean Diego . . ,
San Francisco
San Jose
6an Luis Obis
£anta Maria
Santa Rosa .
Ventura
Willows
o .
EP<
...06 54
...94 tiO
,..86 60
...58 52
..96 «8
,..99 69
..65 43
...92 64
..Hi 49
..68 56
-.71 53
.100 62
, . .«! fi7
..99 «3
...SM <!4
.. .7« 56
...80 64
..«4 «0
..5« 50
,..77 45-
>o.6S 52
. ..<58 5.1
...79 48
...70 00
...06 CO
.00 Clear S
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear NW 10
.00 Clear W 8
.00 Clear
.00 Clear W
.00 Pt.Cldy Calm ..
.00 Clear
T. Pt.Cldy W 8
.00 Clear SW ..
.00 Clear
.00 Clear S
.00 Clear
.Ci Clear SE 8
.00 Clear
.00 Clear S 12
.00 Clear W 8
.00 Pt.Cldy SW 22
.00 Clear
.00 Clear W 10
.00 Clear NW ..
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
..00 Clear SE ..
STATIONS.
5 K K
? E E
• c c
: 3 3
: |1
: a
; o
•i S
o
; 3
storia
iker
irson
jreka
agstaSf
jcatello. I<ia.
dependfnce .
>s Angeles . .
-toenix
inland
fd Bluff
wfourg
icraratnto ..
Ut Lake ...
in Frair-isco.
L- OblKpo. .
an Dif-go .
eattlc
pokene
cah Hay ...
'al!a Walla.,
'lnnernucca .
uma
.30.
.29.
.29.
.29.
.29.
.29.
l29.
.29.
.28.
.29.
.29.
.23.
.29.
.29.
.29.
(.29.
.23.
.29.
..so.
.23.
.30.
.2».
.23
..23.
>.<X5 64 52
'.84 72 44
.68 M 50
.96 C8 C2
.62 »C C8
.C2 74 4S
.58 S« C2
.56 »2 «0
>o <;s .vi
.r.o loo 70
.94 72 46
.64 94 C4
.88 76 44
SA 80 54
.M R8 64
.S4 56 50
.90 C3 52
.84 W- 00
.02 CO CO
.f* 70 46
.04 58 48
.62 78 r»0
02 M 50 '
.50 100 C6 !
NW
N
W
N'W
W
W
sw
w"
KW
NW
BE
N
8
W
s\v
w
w
Ntr
ew
w
w
w
sw
Clear .CO
Clear .03
Clear .00
Clear .CO
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .16
Clear .00
Pt Cldr .00
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear ' .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear • .00
STATIONS.
5^§
33 33
n
. f
f
m
if
2 £
% j. 2,
Chico
Cloverdale . .
Colusa
Eureka
Fresno
Hanford ....
Holllster ....
Independence
Livermore . .
Los Angtles .
Napa
Newman ....
Palermo
Porterviile ..
Red Bluff ...
Riverside . . .
Sacramento .
Ean Diego . . ,
San Francisco
San Jose
6an Luis Obis
£anta Maria
Santa Rosa .
Ventura
Willows
o .
EP<
...06 54
...94 tiO
,..86 60
...58 52
..96 «8
,..99 69
..65 43
...92 64
..Hi 49
..68 56
-.71 53
.100 62
, . .«! fi7
..99 «3
...SM <!4
.. .7« 56
...80 64
..«4 «0
..5« 50
,..77 45-
>o.6S 52
. ..<58 5.1
...79 48
...70 00
...06 CO
.00 Clear S
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear NW 10
.00 Clear W 8
.00 Clear
.00 Clear W
.00 Pt.Cldy Calm ..
.00 Clear
T. Pt.Cldy W 8
.00 Clear SW ..
.00 Clear
.00 Clear S
.00 Clear
.Ci Clear SE 8
.00 Clear
.00 Clear S 12
.00 Clear W 8
.00 Pt.Cldy SW 22
.00 Clear
.00 Clear W 10
.00 Clear NW ..
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
..00 Clear SE ..
AUCTION SALES
GRAND
AUCTION SALE.
We Will Sell
30 head of "JVORKING and DRIVING HORSES,
a lot of SECOND-HAND BUGGIES. CARTS
and HARNESS; also one FINE BLACK
ROAD HORSE. RUBBER-TIRE BUGGY and
HARNESS: one fast PACING MARE. BUGGY
and HARNESS.
Thursday, June 12, 11 a. m.
GROVE-ST. STABLES. GROVE ST.. bet. Polk
and Van Ness ave.
£* AUCTION SALE— 49 HEAD
Gentle broke work and driving horses, con-
signed by A. F. Rooker. Stockton.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
MONDAY. JUNE 16, 11 A. M.THE SAN FRANCISGO^CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1902.
12
SAN FHAXCISCO CALL-
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
entil 12 o'clock every right In tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
ccrrscr Clay; cpen until 'J:30 p. m. -
200 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«:>'.! McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. tn.
£15 Larkin street: ouen until y:30 p. tn.
jy-Jl Mission Etreet: -open until 10 p. m.
'J2.n\ Market etreet corner Sixteerfth: open
ti.i;l '.< p. m.
JGti Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
lL-SO Valencia street; open until 9 p. m ;
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreets: open until 9 p. in.
1*200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. a.
MKETIXG AOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. & A. M., -
will meet THIS EVEN- !
ING. June VI, at 7 :30 o'clock; first de- jC2T
cree. By order of the Master. ' / V »
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. & A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) -i 1^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock: first de-
gree; Masons cordially invited. By or- / i
u«r ot the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. m
& A. M., meets THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:::d o'clock; third do- TSJk
gree; Master Masons cordially invited, fyv «
By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary-_
PACIFIC. Lodire No. 155, I. O. O.
l\— Initiation THIS (THURS- SKaSQi
DAY) EVENING.
FRANKLIN M. CARSON, 'tflHW-
.« Noble Grand.
PAST Grands' Association, I. O. O. <§JjPjji2:-
F. — The regular quarterly meet- t§22X!s?S?
Irs will be held in Fraternal
Hsll. L O. O. F. building, on x -*»*
FRIDAY NEXT, June 13, at 8 p. m.
> F. L. TURPIN, President
W. T. WEBB. Secretary^
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v <fv.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- A »^J
ING. at Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Far- '*»afci*
/ rell st. at 8 o'clock. Tickets dls- ?*-sJ*>
tributed for games; important business.
JOHN H. McINNEo. Royal Chief.
GEORGE FULLERTON. Recorder.
¦REBEL Cork Benevolent Association — The
members of the above association will hold
their regular quarterly meeting at Albion
Hall THURSDAY EVENING. June 12, at 8
o'clock. All members are requested to be
present, as there is very important business
to transact, such as nomination and election
of officers, also to make linal arrangements
for the annual picnic which is to bo-'-held
on August 3 in Shell Mound ,Park, Berkeley. ,
Fines for conattendancc. •
RICHARD F. BUCKLEY. Secretory.
ALL Republicans are invited to attend meet-
ing THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at
Hartford Hall. Hartford st. near Eighteenth,
for the purpose of electing officers of Thirty-
fourth Assembly District Republican Club.
By order of club. F. V. Severance. Tem. Ch.
~ A«KXTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ATTOHSEYS AT LAW.
It. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's: call or write. .
» » ,
V.DV1CE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet; '
no charge without success; established 18 yn>.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; phone Mint 805. 819 Market st
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
ing; private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases: open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market
JOHN R. AITKEN, attorney at law. Rooms
309-10-11. Clunie bldg.. 803 California st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
k»t ft.: cansultatlon free: no fees tn advance.
UltVCLES— 1'or Sale or Uxcliamc
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
I-arkln. KOS Market, 196S to 1974 Page.
POARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
ONE or two children to board; good home, best
of care; reasonable. 835 Oak St., Alameda.
BOOKS— .XBW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946. I
Ul'SIMZSS CHA.VCES.
A— CORNER grocery and bar In best part of
the city; owner will sell at invoice price as !
he must leave for Honolulu: will give lease
to a good tenant; rent 1(25; witb 5 rooms, $35;
a. rart chance. R. G. WILKE, 26'.a Kearny. I
A — $1300; SALOON' established many year3,
dcing a good business; clearing at least $150
per month; a good investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. -2\i\-t Kearny st.
A— $75u; PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; article sold in every grocery store;
big money in sight. Call R. G. WILKE,
20 Kearny ft.
A — $250; OYSTER and chop house on Larkin
Et. : rent fl<;; good location and good busi-
ness. Call Ii. G. WILKJE. •_*<>& Kearny st
A— $050; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
witl. 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good jjaylng business; rare chance for
man and wife. K. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $550; CANDY, ice cream and notion store;
with 4 living rooms: rent $15; a. splendid loca-
tion and good paying business in Western Ad-
dition. Se« K. jG. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A — $500; CORNER grocery and bar. with Hv-
ins-ri'oms: rent $42; best location on Leav-
enworth St.; good paying. Call R. G
WILKE. 2<S»i Kearny st.
At2eOC; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
bldg.; rent $75; a first-class paying business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26 >4 Kearny st
A — WE buy, sell or exchange all kinds of busi-
ness. STR AN' D & CO.. 78 Third st.
A— $.'<Co — SALOON; good" trade; full value; i
rooms; rent $15. STRAND & CO., 78 Third.
A— $150— BRANCH bakery and delicacy Btore:
_r«?nt_ $10; j5jrooms. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third. ;
A — 20 CIGAR stores. 15 restaurants 100 lodg- i
Ing-bouses. For bargains eee STRAND & '
CO.. 7S Third St.
A PATRON invited $100 with us,- his average
dividends wer? $5 17 a week; in less than
five months he had drawn as much in divi-
dends at his principal; why not do the same
jourself? We guarantee you against lots-
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
bt*n doing business for years, and never a
lott-; we accept accounts as low as $10- divi-
dend for week ending June 7, $4 8b; write
or call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
«I5. Emma Spreckels building.
$S50— PARTNER wanted in Market-st saloon-
clearing $150 a month. BROWN, 1221 Mar-
ket gt.
$175— CIGAR store; clearing $75 month; living
rocm furnished. BROWN & CO., 1221 M»r-
ket Et •
$450— RESTAURANT on Market St.; clearing
*:00 mentn; sickness. BROWN & CO. 1221
Market at. • •
A— $200— Money-making b. bakery.3 rms-J12 r
!iiS~ Dell f acy ' grocery, bakery. 4 rms/$15 ci_
* >ou — Oancy, stationery, notions, 3 rms..$20 r
$-»0— Variety etore, 2 rooms $15 rent
Ask Hedges, 411-402 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market
¦A— 30 cigar stands, prices $75 to $2000; rents
?C to $125 monthly: profits $2 to $7 daily. Ask
C. L. Hedges. 4G1-4C2 Parrott bldg.. 625 Mkt.
A— ?650.- PARTN-ER wanted for plain offlce
work and do collecting in old established
buslnees; clears $300 per month; with well-
known, practical, responsible man; investi-
gate and be convinced. Apply P S DE
LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny st
DENTISTS— A fine opportunity to secure a
pood practice; fixtures complete; fine offices-
acfirable location; owner leaving the city-
anci will consider a reasonable offer
i. ' ¦ • G- W. SCHWEINHARD.
¦ 91 1 Market et.. bet. 5th and 6th. ~
flOO— WANTED— Partner for pool and billiard
parlor, cigar store and laundry offic See
party C8S Fourth st.
WANTED — At once, pood man to accompany
take equal interest with me to work placer
claims at. Nome. Alaska; owned by advertis-
er; fine chance; goo-1 terms. For interview
box 247, Call office. '--.„- '
(S500 — Commercial hotel on leading business
etreet. clearing $650 monthly net: whole or
• half Interest; partner going to Europe* no
agents. Box 275, Call offlce.
*2C0O— HEALTH resort boarding-houKe In hills
Placer Co.; 22 acres; timber, house and tents
frnkhd.; spring, well; 100 bearing fruit trees*
gtables. 2 horses, wagon, cow, caif. 357, Call.
l-AHTXER wanted with $15,000 to invest in
good paying sailing ship business; parties
have 5 shl^s. Box 4623. Call office.
V- — $750; candy and ice cream parlor. Room
•"(¦a, Q27 Market Et. bet 12 and 1 o'clock.
RESTAURANT for tale at 666 Fourth st
SHERWOOD *t, 0. near Third and Mission—'
Coal yard ; 5 stalls; office bouse.
IinSTAURANT worth $2500. in running order.
will be gold at a great "sacrifice. 11 Mason.
FOR SALE— Established 30 years: bakery; on
account of death. Apply Call offlce.
HOUTE In Western Addition: building up &\,-
trict; KUecafele. Bex 1782. Call.
j^se^h~otr^CubT^^~^
A— Old establishtd wine house; large bar ana
.• outside trade; horses, wagon; owner retiring.
A — Country pcdulinij outfit complete; good op-
portunity for any one; particulars of route..
A — Old-established saloon near Hall of Justice.
A — Grocery and bar on Mission St.; owner go-
Ing in some. other business.
A — Restaurant In vicinity of Mission and 16th
sts.; will be sold on account of departure.
A — Hotel, country town; stage i?epot for springs.
A — Bakery and coffee saloon on business street.
A — Butcher shop In the Mission; fine locality;
g<Jbd trade; horse and wagon; large store.
A— Caloon in wholesale district: ail right.
Particulars. JOSEPH STRAUB. S50 Market.
FOR sale; reasonable; patent of a first-class
liniment, with stock on hand. Call or ad-
dress MRS. A.. 415A Third St., S. F.
"lo1)(;i.\<;.iioises fok sale. ~
A^C ALL, WE CAjTiuiT "yOuT~^
30 rooms; first-class; north of Market. .$2400
20 rooms; cl&r: $60 200
18 rooms; Just listed 650
12 rooms; snap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; Investigate .. 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clear3 $100 1300
100 rooms; clears ?OOO 0500
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
006 Market, cor. Ellis_(upstairs. rooms 7-8).
MITCHELL" &~HORNLE~IN, 1206 Market Bt.
We have rooming-houses of ail sizes and
prices. In all parts of the city.
II rooms; good 'location; Al furnIshed...$S50
20 rooms; sunny; g.cd renter 950
S rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown: good 700
liKicms; rent $37 50; make offer 900.
Mcney loaned at 1% per cent tfer month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market st, upstairs, near Call Building-.
A — big — free — list — at — my — offlce.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. $0500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 6000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location.. 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hotels, madhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
P50 Market Et — (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-bouses*, hotels,
business chances and real estate.'
We furnish vacant houses and
<", Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. - '
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
? S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush S28.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you: have bargains In hotels, lodging-
houses, flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts
.of city. Money loaned, 1^ per cent.
BARGAINS and many choice investments In
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times; bona tide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly call at offlce.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. -_^
A — KREDO & CO Connoisseurs' sale
8 rooms; name your own price.
12 rooms; Powell: clears $60 a month.
15 rooms; transient; on acct of death; cheap.
16 rooms; Van Ness; make offer.
Many other bargains. 14 Flood bldg.
BUY your houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
16 rooms: clears $40..... $500
II roomsr clears $30 $350
8 rooms:; cloars $30 $3J0
And other bargains. 842 Howard et. __
SNAP— $2000; 50-room house; rent $65; $1500;^
37-room house, rent $50; good furniture; flrst-
class location. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market st.
ROOMING-HOUSE, elegantly furnished, 52
rooms: hot and cold running water; elevator;
lease 5 vears; rent $250: cash, price $5000.
The Falmouth, 1049 Market Bt
A— $600— LODGING-HOUSE, 20 rooms. 30 beds;
rent $20; best location on water front. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
9-ROOM hftuse. all light, all rented; neatly
furnished; must be sold; case of sickness. ,
266 Minna st ; call between 1 and 3 p. m.
$175 — 7-ROOM house: good furniture: good lo-
cation. Inquire 765 Market st. room 2.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKW ArT^2 V iEllIs~Et~ ""near^Franklini
materializing seance; Sun., Tues. and Friday
nlghts. 50c; psychic seance Mon. and Wed. :
nights. 25c; readings daily; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. 'WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium. life reader: sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell st. nr. Gough: Ellis car.
MRS. SABLICK will hold a circle to-night.
86 Ninth et; 10c.
! MRS. SHEEHAN. trance, test medium :readings
5Cc.. $1. 316 Third st. clr. Tues., Fri.; 25c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to- ;
night; come, skeptics. COS McAllister st.
KATIE KEUSSMANN. 1774 15th. nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.; 25c; readings daily.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and Thurs.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE.
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affairs of life. His information and advice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love and [
family affairs, business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages,- makes you :
successful In business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
old estates and accounts that time has placed ;
beyond*the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
ing and chronic disease that has baffled the
physician's skill cured without medicine:
there is no home so sad and dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no life so
hard and blighted that cannot beyset right
and kept right, after a visit to this Inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble
you may have, call and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught. Medium Istlc Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you fromJjIO to $25 per day. 'Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. m. to S p. ''mV
326 O'FARRELL STREET 320
MME. M. BERNARD, ~~~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
| located at 17 Third et.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives ah accurats
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. Tf you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or- have domestic, '
love cr business troubles, consult tills gr?at me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 450».
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
paimlst. permanently located 1101 Market at.,
cor. Turk: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
C p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory aa
in person: 3 questions answered, SI; full life
$5: send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25c — SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
. clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all attalrs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 daily.
JC10 Mission st. near Sixth. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bcrn with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c.
gents$l ; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date. J.
MYERS, postoffice box 2224. San Francisco.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
¦. *t. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25' and 26.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st. clairvoyant"
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MISS 5SEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
fche has second sight; a wonderful prophetess^
names given: L. 50c; G. $1. 217 Eddy st.
MI.IE. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. ft Fourth st
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 00c. 221 .Fifth st
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately: L. 25c; G. GOc. 521% Eddy.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk, st
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for $1. lOOS'j Market, op. 5th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c: gents SOc: readings dally. 132 S'.xth st.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer C&rpet-beal-
Ipg Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klejnert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3 Vic yd;upholster-
lr.g. 1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH &. CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 263.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
TRY Hopke Bros.' excellent carpet cleaning.
411-413 Powell st, phone Bush 421.
<3. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 210 14th st. ; teL - Mission 74.
HELP WANTED MALE Cow. _
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 50 Third St.
Teamsters and laborers for railroad,. ...
.../..TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA.......
Free Fare ...Free Fare
......Offlce fee $1; no other expenses......
100 teamsters ....$2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Mendoclno County. Big Sawmill
i CO railroad laborers. .$26 per month and board
12 sawmill and: woodsmen ' •
'. ...¦ ;....$2« to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY. FREE FARE
...FOR SAWMILL
10 lumber pilers $40 per month and board
2 brakemen $2 per day
HAY HANDS HAY HANDS
10 men for haying, $1 25 to'$l 50 per day ana
beard
3 milkers $35 per month and board
5 experienced women to pack fruit
Woman with one child to cook for 8 per-
sons on ranch, $25 per month; 2 sack sew-
ers, harvester $2 per day
Blacksmith, horseshoeing ".$3 per day
2 blacksmith helpers for mine.. $2 25 per day
5 muckers, gold mine $2 25 per day
4 distributors, city $1 60 per day
Cook for threshing crew $30
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
.... Between Kearny, st and Grant ave
New- railroad work .....! •• Free fare
FOR NEVADA
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and con-
crete meru, plow holders and wheeler load-
ers, machine men and helpers
$2. $2 25. $2 50 and*$3 day
...... FOR CHATS WORTH PARK
' 500 tunneltnen, drillers, headers, muckers
and outside laborers $2 to $3 a day
SHIP TO-NIGHT
50 laborer i for section work, S. P. Co., sec-
tion hands $170 a day
SHIP TO-DAY
Free fare . . . . : Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st
WANTED — By E. B. & A. L. Stone Co., team-
sters and laborers for railroad work in Ne-
vada; free fare; ship at 5:15 Monday, Wed-
nesday and Friday
4-horse skinners $2 25 per day
Laborers $2 per day
Board $5 25 per week
Report with blankets at 900 Broadway.
Oakland
Laborers for concrete work, wages $2 per
day, .10 hours' work; board $4 50 per week;
long Job. Report^at Napa Junction.
¦WANTED — A first-class non-union plasterer;
man with family; one who wishes to start
in the contracting business; have lots of
work all the time; a good chance for the
right man. Call 6 p. m. at 1243 Park st,
Alameda, Cal. .
WANTED— For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
; ing Officer, 121 New Montgomery st.. San
Francisco, or Masonic building. J Sacramento.
SALESMAN to handle an Eastern manufac-
turer's line; one acquainted with cigar and
liquor trade; glva details, previous position
occupied. Address box 255. Call offlce.
WANTED — 50 woodchoppers to neel tanbark:
experience not necessary; can make from $45
to $65 per month. See boss. Hoover Hall,
1S27 Market st., room 4.
$75 — WANTED, steady man as partner In
cigar store and laundry offlce; good transient
trade; full value in stock given: cheap rent.
Particulars, cigar factory. 257 4th.nr.Folsom.
WANTED — Young man for effice work; must
bfe good at figures. Apply at HALE BROS.'
between 8 and 11 a. m.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Honest single man with $125 to
take cash In cigar store: $50 month; no ex-
perience. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Bright intelligent offlce boy; must
write well and be good at figures. Box 251.
Call office.
FRY ctoks. waiters, dishwashers, kitchen help
for restaurants: also German driver for bak-
ery; no fee. C2C Montgomery st.
PIANO player for country. Hotel Francisco.
Taylor and Turk sts.; 10 to 2 or 3 to 6 p. m..
parlor 4.
BOOTBLACK in barter shop. Room 32Q. Cal-
laphnn building:, .corner Market and StcAl-
listcr sts.
WANTED — A boy not over 14 to learn Jewelry
trade. W. A, I* MILLER, 112 Sutter st.
COAT pressers wanted. H. HILP. 569-571
Market st.
GOOD bushclman. 222 Kearny at. ;
WANTED — Boy to learn upholstering busi-
ness. 2419 Mission st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 23S O'Farrell
street.
WANTED — General all-round blacksmith. Ap-
piy 26 Montgomery st., room 14.
WAITER. $20 and room; good home. 1610
Tonquln st.. Harbor View.
WANTED — Iron grill workers. Apply S. F.
Novelty & Plating Works. Bay and Stockton.
GOOD borne for man and wife, to cook for 3;
room and board. 41371a Seventeenth st.
WANTED — A young man with some experience
to work in confectionery at 19 PowelJ st.
~~~^\
WANTED— Dishwasher at 666 Fourth st
EXPERIENCED kltchenman wanted. 631
Clay st.
BOY wanted. Grocery store, corner Bush and
Mason sts.
GOOD tailor for bushellnj. 827 Sutter st,
near Leavenworth.
WANTED—rLarge boy; drug store. Twenty-
first and Valencia sts.
NIGHT cook. 8 Hayes st. '»
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 605 Montgomery
street.
EXTRA waiter wanted; permanent; evenings.
531 Ellis St. J
WANTED — Good dishwasher; union restaurant
475 Seventh St., Oakland.
WANTED — Union barber at Thirtieth st and
San Jose ave. S
YOUNG pharmacist, with two years' exper-
ience; recommendations required. 345 Kearny.
WANTED — First-class retoucher and finisher.
Boye Studio. 1312 Market at.
BARBERS — Want to buy a shop In city or
country; state price. Address box 383, Call.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; low rent 109 J-i
Fifth st.. S. F.
1 $1CO — BARBER shop for sale: rent $15; 3 liv-
ing rooms. Apply at 1872 Union st.
DETECTIVES WANTED— Applications will be
received for positions as special detectives
and watchmen for Chinatown; -monthly sal-
ary $S0; must be experienced and capable;
good references and bond required; no others
need apply. Address Chinese Consul Genera],
San Francisco.
WANTED — Wirebed weaver: steady place to
right party. Apply Oakland Matt Co.. 461
Fourth st. Oakland.
WANTED— 6 good trunkmakers. Address box
343. Call offlce. ,
WANTED — Good all around carriage painter.
Apply 1251 Webster st. '-
BARBER shop. 2 chairs, new furniture, In
I«3g? l^Sr'st 11^ 111 - DECKELMAX
BARBER shop, cigar stand and small sta-
tionery store combined for sale at 034 Fourth.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box~213, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special Inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st
WANTED— Young man who is a first-class
floor walker: state age, experience and salary
expected. Address box 374, Call offlce.
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs; good location;
parties, going In wholesale business: $150.
Box 4US, San Jose. Cal.
BARBER shops and rooming-houses supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yosemite Towei
Supply Co.. 708 McAllister; phone Kate 26.
COAT PRESSER at S. N. WOQD'S Factory,
27 Geary 6t. • ' ,•¦
BOY In tlnshop to learn trade; age 16 years;
apply 7 to 9. 533 Mission st. S. F.
WANTED — 4 colored rtien to sing In quartet;
must be Christians. Apply box 330. Call.
EXPERIENCED Dresser: steady position to
. good workman. The Hub. 132 Kearny st.
MAN to help in kitchen; moderate wages. 2753
Mission st.
PANTS maker" for country. Apply REW
. BROS.. 24 Sutter st
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes-
size 5 to 12. McDonald & perry. 241 w!
WANTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St. Improvement Co.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
; S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard at.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. roqm 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q A.R.
WH) MEN to buy new' and 2.1-hand army shoes
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
nrt.p WAyTEp---FF:MAi,F: — c fy : _~
WIGMAKER. hairdresser and manicure. Wal-
dorf Hair Dressing ¦ Parlors. 241-243 Geary.
ACTIVE young woman v to assorfdishes In res-
taurant kitchen, $25 per month. 725 Market
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted; small rea-
taurant. -«.531 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, $8 per week; work 6
days per week. BREUSS' Cafe, 70 Third st.
WANTED — A first-class dressmaker; also good
machine hand. 431 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework; small
family. Call at once. 724 Eddy st.
LADIES to learn barber trade: only two
.months required; special offer this month;
hairdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
. free. ._ MOLER System College. 635 Clay st-
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladies' wrappers,
. shirt waists, etc. ; take work home. H.
FRIEDLANDER, 338 Fell st.
PRINTED book-sewers and experienced girl
¦ for numbering machine at McINTYRE'S, 424
Sansome st.
WANTEfp — Strong German girl for housework
and cooking: apply mornings; carfare refund-
"ed. 1004 Paru st. Alameda,
WILL teach a few smart girls on ladles' silk
and v.-oolen waists; good pay; steady work.
SAN FRANCISCO MFG. CO.. 523 Market st.
WANTED — Ladies to work for us at their
homes. Call Metrcpole, room 36, J 6 Turk st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework, family
of 2. 905 Bush st.
GIRL to take care of child and light work;
family of two. Apply box 24S, Call offlce.
WANTED — A German girl for light house-
work at 419 Jones st. ;V.".- ••'
A WIDOWER with one child wants elderly
housekeeper. Ap. Geo. McDonald, Elmhurst.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON,& CO.. 535 Market st. - .
GIRL 'wanted to work in tailor shop; / good
wages. 883 Haight st, near Devlsadero.
WANTED — A girl to do light housework;
please state terms. Box 240, Call offlce.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; plain
cooking. 3S23 Nineteenth St.." near Church.
WANTED — Young ladv to do office work; state
reference. Address N. A.; box 350. Call.
WANTED— Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
& CO..' 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
¦ • lencla st. ' ¦ • '>"--/¦
HELP WANTEP-pMALE. ~~
A— MURRAY & READY....^Main 5848 phone
634 and 636 Cla> St..
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
.' (......Office ooen 7 a. m.
5000 R. R. MEN WANTED
Free fare to
' Salt Lake Division, Rokeby, Moleen, Iron
Point, Battle Mountain, Palisade, Feneton,
Wells, Carlln, .Vista, Reno, Wadsworth,
. Elko; ship free dally
600 teamsters 800 laborers
200 laborers; concrete, work; 65 scraper hold-
ers; 35 car dumpers; drillers and rockmen..
ARIZONA :.......
2 camp blacksmiths; 10 teamsters..
...'.Santa Fe Co.'s w6rk. :
35 laborers for company's own work; ship
daily; all above work. •
FREE FARE
Fare 724 men ...Paid
48 different sawmill -companies
Sawmills ..Woods.. Yards
724 men to work in sawmills, woods and
yards, piling lumber, learning -to run ma-
chines and make themselves useful; no ex-
perience required; you'll suit;, wages $30 to
$65 and found Fare paid
EXPERIENCED HELP FOR SAWMILLS
Millwright, saw mill, see boss here; $50 and fd
Circular sawyer, $85 and found; shingle saw
flier; shingle, sawyer; 4 setters, $90; 5 log
loaders, $55 and found, see boss here; shingle
packers, $52 and found; chain tenders, $15
and found
. MINES .... ;
ROCKMEN LABORERS
8 miners, single hand' $90
33 miners, .different mines, $75 to $90; 187
laborers, no experience required, to work
around mines, wages $2 day, $40 and found,
$50 and found; 10 drillers, city Job, $2 25; 18
drillers, near city; 574 laborers for different
city and country Jobs, all counties, wages
¦ $1 75 to $2 50 day
Get our list, ready at 7 a. m.
Mechanical Blacksmiths
Man for planing mill, city, to feed planer,
run rip saw, $2 to $3 day; boy to learn ma-
chinist trade
Millwright, sawmill; s^e boss here; $50 and fd
Blacksmith's helper, ranch...'. $30 and fd
23 blacksmiths for different Jobs
$2 50 to $3 50 day, $40 to $52 and found
• 3 carpenters, rough work, Nevada, -. fare re-
turned; young man, some experience at
Btoneoutting, $2 50 day; wagon repairer,
camp; 22 brick molders
LIST OF JOBS READY 7 A. M
MISCELLANEOUS
Grocery clerk and deliver, country store; see
boss here
Milk wagon driver, city Job $10 and fd
4 horse teamster, near city $35 and fd-
Stage driver, country, good Job... $25 and fd
Boy to learn machinist trade; boy to learn
blacksmith trade; 10 stablemen, city and
country; young man to learn creamery busi-
ness; 6 men and wives, $10, $45 and $50 and
found
MARRIED HELP
Waiter and wife, country place, see dosa
here, $45 and found: 3 farmers and wives,
different Jobs, $40 and $45 and found; farm-
er and wife, private place, $45 and found....
.JIAY AND HARVEST
FARMS AND DAIRIES
10 hay balers, big wages: 125 hay and har-
vest hands. $1 25, $1 50 and $2 day; 57 farm
hands, steady Jobs. $25, $30 and $35 and
found; 60 chore men and chore boys, city
. and country Jobs, $15, $20, $25 and $30 and
• found;. 53 milkers; 3 milkers, Nevada, fare
paid; 6 men to cut, pick and pack asparagus;
no experience required, $30 and found; 5
teamsters for a big ranch, steady Job, $3rt and
found; 3 farmers and wives, $45 and $50 and
found :
HOTEL — BUTCHERS. ETC
Cook for men on ranch, $40 and fd. : young
German to learn cook; 15 cooks, city and
country hotels and restaurants. $40, $50, $55
and $60 and found; S17 cooks for
camps and ranches, $25 to $50 and found;
2 cooks, hotels in Nevada, fare paid, $50;
10 waiters, $25, $30 and $40 and found; 0
porters, city and country hotels; dishwash-
ers, summer resorts, $25; 17 \other kitchen
hands; butcher, - small institution. $30 and
found; 4 butchers, country shops, $35 and $40
and found :
Walter, summer resort $30 and found
Baker, easy Job $30 and found
Waiter and wife, see boss here $45 and fd
Call and eet a list of Jobs
. . . . , Ready at 7 a. m :
MURRAY & READY 034 and 630 Clay st.
HOTEL cook and wife as waitress, $85; hoteM
second cook ar.d baker, $40: boardlng-houso
cook. $40; 2 restaurant cooks, $40 and $70:
club waiter, $45; 4 hotel waiters. $30. coun-
try; dishwashers, porters, elevator and bell
boys. an<J others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
028 Sacramento st.
TWO men and wives, private families. $50:
milker and wife. SCO; cheesemaker, $-15; 10
milkers, $.*;0 and. $35; buttermaker. $:'.5; as-
sistant dalrymanS $30; choremen. $15, $25 and
$30: stableman. $30 and found: buggy wash-
er. $30 and found: teamsters for logging, $60;
milk wagon driver. $40 and found: teamster
for hay wagon. $35 and found, and" many oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento.
BLACKSMITH and shoer. $2 50 and .found ;
Jobbing blacksmith. $2 day; blacksmith
helper for ranch, $10 and board; wheel-
wright for ranch, $45 and board; 4 carpen-
ters for country. $4 day; - ; carpenters, city.
$3 CO day; furniture repairer. $3 day; boy
for paint shop. '$4 we?k; 50 laborers for lum-
,ber piling." work about mill and woods and
: mines. ?2 day and $30 to ?45 month and
board; 2 miners* $2 a day and board; 20 la-
N borers and teamsters, $2 tq $2 23 day, free
fare, and others. . J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
028 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Neat errand boy for this offlce. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 331 Sutter st.
PACIFIC- EMPLOYMENT AG'CY 633 CLAY.
Phone Main 1191; '
600 teamsters, , concrete men. rockmen and
steam shovel dumpf rs.. $2 25 to $2 50 per day
To Wadsworth; -Rokeby, Battle Mountain,
Reno, Telegraph Point and Carlln. Fee $1.
• 200 railroad men, S. P. Co. work.
25 railroad men, concrete gang, S. P. Co.,
...........:.. '.$2 per day
For Coast and Western Divisions; free fare.
40 • laborers and miners,' north •
..."......'...'. . . .$2 and $2 50 day
. 50 laborers and miners, south ...... .
• • • • • . . .$2 and. *2 50 day
12 quarrymen. free fare. $2 per day
20 tanbark men ...$2 per cord
C men for hay fields $1 25 and found
8 tanbark men for Calpella. ...$43 and found
20 men for Napa County. ........ .$2 per day
25 men for Mendoclno County.'.
...........;... ..'...$35 and $40 and found
20 men city work , 52 per day
.10 milkers and dairymen. Plumasr Coun-
ty : ... -\$30 and $35 and found
1\ gasoline- engineer . .: ;...$UO
16 cooks and waiters .. .... $20. to $60
Many \ other positions. , Call and read our
i bulletins. ' . '" •
ANDRE'S offlce. 316 Stockton st— Night cook.
$10 a week; assistant cook, $40; head waiter,
$40; 2 hotel waiters; $30: assistant waiter,
$30; ' dishwasher, ' $7 a week ; silver pantry-
. mnn. : country, $25 r pantryman' for. club, $30;
- ¦. porter for saloon, $27 50; bell-boy; tour men
- for grading, private place, .$1 a day and
found; gardener, $30; coachman, $35; butler
$4f.':etc. ; . ,- . ¦_
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
' Head waiter, , S50; barman. . $25 . and found;
clerk. $20; porter, $20; v dishwasher, $30. \ '
TWO waiters; commercial hotels; $30 and $25.
. . MRS.' M.E. ; DAY. ;....' 335 Geary st
' COLLECTION OFFICES.
; GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless puccesaful. Room :sl0. 027 Market st. .
COTTAGES . TO LET. ;
$20— S ROOMS and bath, near Washington and
I Powell sts.. or will .sell $500 cash, bal. easy.
j THE MCCARTHY CO.. 01C Market st. -
WOLFE. 8 — 4 rooms; yard; rent $8,50. Key
at 4 Wolfe St. , j : ' -•'¦
DENTISTS. .y^gfej
A GRADUATE specialist In each department;
our new pink f amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected lrom the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices in S. F.;
painless extraction. &Cc; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists- Co.. DR. E
XV. PERKINS. Pres., 06!) Mission st, SE.
. cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2051. ' ¦ .. . ,'V • -¦
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
Ufcsly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crewns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours 9 a. m. to !) p. m. ; Sundays,
g to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — car.not break;
warranted 20 yrs.; cro^yfos. $3 B0; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5. full set: all work t alnless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors; 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, ?1 50 up; crowns. S2 up; fllllngs,25c.
SET of teeth without platr. DR^ H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AN 13 SEAHISTItESSES
FASHIONABLE dressmaker— MISS LAURA V.
CLARKE. 1123 Powell st. ; orders promptly
attended to. •
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
¦ corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
I j<v^ E D U C ATION AL. _^__
EDUCATIONAL department of the Young
Men's Chrlbtian Association — Day classes;
small classes or individual Instruction in
commercial, scientific and -high school
branches; hours and terms may be arranged
with the educational director at the building.
Night school — Students are admitted at any
time to the oljsses in stenography, type-
writing, arithmetic, bookkeeping, penman-
ship and steam engineering. /_.
! HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
| NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
84 positions In March, 32 In April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College, 1236 Market St. ¦ -
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .. ' '
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
• dorsed by official .court reporters. 13S2 Markt
OTHER students, graduates 'and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business t College. 723 Market
et, for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
; ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar- building. 120 O'Farrell st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin & banjo taught in a
class; $1 mo. 420^,'Farrell; phone Geary 562.
SPANISH leesons and translations at AYRES'
. BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market st. .
LEARN ad. writing: terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pitt man shorthand, typing, bookkeeper; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West desires pupils. Mme.
J Carusl. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
1 teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1SC3: new SO- page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICER.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
ccse help. 426 PowelI.nr.Sutter;tcl.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Etnp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish mobt
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 616.
JAP reliable housecleanlng. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. . BRADLEY & CO.. 610 Clay.
RF.LIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188
E3IPLOY3IENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A STRONG Swedish woman wishes work by the
day. Telephone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A SWEDISH second girl, first-class waitress; 4
years one place. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants position in con-
finement cases; has doctors' references; good
to children; no objection to short distance in
country. Address Nurse, Call Branch, 300
Hayes st. "' ¦ \
POSITION as housekeeper by elderly woman;
neat and reliable; likag children; good plain
cook and laundress; wages $10 to £12; no pos-
tals. Call 1020 Howard st.
YOUNG lady would like to do work In burnt
wood and leather; colored or otherwise; sam-
ples shown. Box 249, Call office.
WANTED — By a woman, housework by the
day or week. Call for 2 days 14 Himmelman
st, off Pacific, near Taylor. ; '.
WOMAN wants position as a working house-
keeper or as a ladles' nurse; city preferred.
523 Howan! st. . .
COMPETENT woman wishes a place for cook-
Ing and general housework. 1020 Howard st.
COLORED woman wishes work by the day,
$1 25 a day and car fare. 1326 Pine st.
GIRL wishes situation to do eecond work. 2S16
Washington st. ; wages $25.
YOUNG lady desires a position as bookkeeper
and typewriter. Box 4626. Call offlce.
SWEDISH girl wants place in hotel; wages
$25. 12 Steuart st. . ¦ •
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor; by the day,
$1 50. Postal to C03 O'Farrell st. . > .
WANTED — Position to cook on ranch or coun-
try hotel. Box 3SC, Call offlce.
YOUNG lady, experienced traveler, offers ser-
vices in exchange for expenses to. New York
or England. Box 245. Call office.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman will cook
for men or keep house for adult family. 153'zi
'Third st. Stockton House, room 17.
AN EXPERIENCED, reliable young English
woman desires re-engagement, attend con-
finements,' nurse sick, charge of Invalid;
charges reasonable; personal and written ref-
-erences given. 1214 A Mason St., phone Clay
217. . ' ¦' ¦ . .
TRAINED nurse with hospital and physicians'
references would accompany invalid to coun-
. try or seaside resort for summer mqnths;
terms very moderate. Box 353, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus apd baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and "subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at' 1096
Valencia fit. ' -
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
EMPLOYMENT as gardener by Swede who has
' followed this occupation in Sweden for 13
. years and 2. years in Cleveland, O.; ahd 4
¦ months In California; good recommendations.
Box 3C3, Call office... . . . . 1
AN experienced farmer and wife desire situa-
tions on ranch or take charge of the same;
good worker and manager; wife excellent
cook and housekeeper. . Address Wilson
House. 775 Mission St., room 55.
YOUNG man desires position as night clerk
or cashier in hotel or restaurant. Box 252.
Call offlce.
PRACTICAL gardener wishes n situation: ref-
erences. Address PAUL SCHOOF, Bald-
wln House. 30-32 Ellis st.
GOOD, reliable educated hard working man
wants work. Box 4G27. Call office.
WANTED — Situation; all round butcher } best*
references. 'Box 4268. Call offlce.
CARPENTER helper or rough carpenter wants
work; has got toots. Box 3S5, Callofflce.
POSITION as watchman or driverfor wholesale
house; references given.' .Box 384, Call offlce.
_ HELP^ WANTED — JIAI.E — Cow.
WANTED — Recruits- for the marine corps, u.
S navy: abjebedied. unmarried men of stool
character, between the ases of 21 ani'33: not
l»ss than 5 feet I Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and reicl English. For
further Information apply a* tha Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Laborer"? find mechanics to Knovr >
tfcat Ed Ro'.kin. Reno House proprietor, at'.n
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 130 iarg*
looms: 25c per night: SI to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ordinary stamen for Europe anj
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2*J Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waitln?! 23c
to 50c. 56:; Mission st. bet. 1st ami 21 sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes.' slightly damaged, half
price. 5CT> Mission st.. bet.- 1st ami 2d sts.
¦WINCHESTER House. 44 Third «t.. near Mar."
fc*t — 2C0 rooms. 25c night: rf-sdlnsr-rooms; tr« 9
'bus and baggage to and 'from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce. 22oO Fi.lmorH.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10l»;
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FIFTEEN sound, well-broken, all-purpose
horses, including four well-matched teams;
fit for grocery and delivery wagons; guaran-
teed as represented. Occidental Horse Ex-
change. 24U Third st.
AUCTION Sale — 10 head gentle broke work and
driving horses, consigned by A. F. ROOKER.
Stockton. STEWART'S Horse Market, Mon-
day, June 16, 11 a. m.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. S27 Sixth st: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
leveral fine road and business horses, new ,
buggies and harness. 343fl Market, cor. 11th. ' T*
HANDSOME sorrel buggy mare. 7 years old:
drives single or double. YEARIAN. 623
Grove st.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Hor*»
Exchange. 246 Third st.
WANTED — Surrey In good order; upholstered
In leather preferred. Box 4288. Call offlce,
Oakland. ¦
Largest stock 2d-hnnd wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horsea. ISth&Valencla.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp.
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURN. or unfurn. . not less than 1 year; or will
sell at sacrifice; elegant home. 12 sunny rms..
bath, two kitchens, adapted for two families;
lot 80x114; garden; fine view; reasonable:
Mission warm belt. 120 Liberty, near 20th.
" LOST ANP FOUND. ~~"
LOST — On Sunday. June 8. on overland train.
Oakland boat or California-st. car line, a
leather valise, containing camera, toilet ar-
ticles and drafts. Finder rewarded at 14C3
California st. (Wellesley Hotel).
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In tha
name of MICHAEL JAMES KEELIN; No.
25t>-211. The finder will please return to
bank. . ¦
LOST— White bull terrier pup with collar,
name and address on It. Return to 1649 How-
ard st; reward.
LOST — Fox terrier bitch; black and yellow.' k
spot over right eye. 420 Howard st. ; reward/ J
LOST — Black fur boa. about Eighth and Mar-
ket. Please return 621 Y^rk st ; reward.
LOST — During parade, sealskin cape, mink col-
lar and tails. 60S Baker st; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cas«s.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
Brass. Iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission ;tel. Main 730.
MINES AND 3I1NING.
SMALL gold mine, with mill; will pay from
the start: only small capital required; easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. 137
Montgomery st. S. F. -
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOU^R^'en9lneT~M^lid~^iacn7n«y'."McIa^
TOSH A WOLPMAX. 195-197 Fremont st.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS. "
750 to 10OO new & second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHOJTa
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. '^03 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery. en«
(fines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. C53-255 Spear st
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wcod and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
BAR fixtures: big stock; Installments; billiard
and pcol tables: easy terms or rented. Th*
Bruniiwlck-Balke-Coilender Co., 652 Mission.
GENTLEMAN'S ticket to Baltimore for Fal-
cheap; prevented from going. Box 241, Call.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 130 Beale st
FOR SALE — Honey bees. 230 Lee avenue.
EXTRA fine tents at half price or for rent H
E. SKINNER & CO., 41C Market St.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doora
and bricks for sale. Valencia St.. cor. 15th. \ k
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (alt
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies. movln<
picture machines, films. Bacigalupt. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont it.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER*
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machlnery.engtnes and boiler*
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boiler*
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tnres. BTTLLARD tc BRECK. 131 Past st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo .suits. Portland Loaa
Offlce. 25 Stockton st: phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED — 2d-hand electric motors, all slzea,
any condition. Farnsworth Electrical Wks..
185 Jessie st. *
I "WILL, pay good cash prices for old sealskins:
send postal; will call. Box 4360. Call.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. .J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Jessie 2831.
BrCSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock. Special bargains, all
uprights: '
3 Stelnway $95 to $2S0
2 Knabe $85 to $U0
3 Weber ; $65 to $130
2 Ffcch-r ...$75 to $155
1 Bourne $40
Over C00O Heine, pianos In S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO..
Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but caa
effer exceptionally fine pianos and largest .—
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
. cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. il. F. : Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
AS a special offer this week we will mark dowa
the price of a number of flrst-clas3 Instru-
ments to a point where no one can affcrd t»
buy elsewhere. We carry Wissner, Bau-
melster- and ether choice makes. THE* ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 760 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taker, back any tim»
•within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you enly 20c a day to buy a>
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850. _
A CHICKERING— A VOSE— \ STERLING.
A Steinway— A Fischer— A Steck
And ten others from $00 up.
All uprights, easy payments, fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX. t6 O'FaiTell St.
OUIt pianos, the leadins makers; prices »luw
¦"? w " d: varues best in city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
$3 PER month— Best renting piano3 In city.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
Person departing for Germany sacriflce superb
large new 3-pedal ur>risht piano.. SJO Turk.
$ leo — ALMOST new 3-pedal upright: easy pay-
ments, ltj McAllister at., next Hibemia Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. ail Market *t-—
Steck. Everett.- Lud wig and other good pianos. -v,
SNAP — 2 only. new. $450: h!?h-grade uprights. *
dropped from ca ta logu e.$250. Bruen n.20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-31O-312 Pest St.; Soharflr
and other pianos and pipe organs.
BUPERiOR violins, xlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plao*.
EMPLOYMENT \VANTEp~-MALE.' ¦
MAN and wife want situation on ranch; man
good ranch hand; wife good cook. Call or ad-
dre^s H; P.. 473 Jessie St. - '¦ ' ¦ ¦¦-".
I BY' young man., as coachman- or man about
place; good references. Box 380. Call. . -.'
.YOUNG man would like porter work or drive
I delivery. Address C. H.. 529 Noe st.
COLLEGE graduate in chemistry desires poslr
tion as analytical chemist; excellent refer-
encos. Address E. L.' HALL. 1613 Gough st.
YOUNG man j of experience would like to get
work in grocery; good references. Box 345,
Call office., :
ELDERLY man. sober and reliable, desires slt-
• uation as gardener on private place, or any
light work. Address N. ANDERSEN, 620
Washington st; room 19. .
A STEADY, reliable man, two years in present
position, desires work in wholesale or com-
mission house, with chance of advancement;
fair wages. Box 393, .Call offlce.
WORK wanted by a man who is partly em-
-ployed; chores about house; handy with tools;
references; small wages. Address box 351,
Call office. ,
(GERMAN, i aged 37, desires position driving
j- wagon or small truck; small wages; good
home; city. A22S Market st, room 10.
FIRST-CLASS florist- and gardener desires sit-
uation on private .'place or nursery: can give
; good reference; 12 years In California. Box
377,- Call office. .
YOUNG man would like a clean position for
afternoons and evenings. W.. E. C. 351C
Minna st- -
MAN with good recommendations and expe-
rience as , clerk and storekeeper In Q. M.
"Dep't, U. S. Army, desires position. Box
300. Call. . . '..-¦¦
AN Industrious and straight man, German and
' English speaking, wishes a position as car-
riage driver or gardener. Box 321, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia at. . \ . '
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
- and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
. told; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
WANTED — $35,000 building loan; on water
front; brick warehouse. Box 4622/ Call.
FLATS TO LET.
TWO sunny corner flats, with all /possible con-
veniences; just being completed; 6 rooms and
basement; corner 17th and Hartford; half-
block from 'Market st: within 13 minutes'
ride of Golden Gate Park; Castro & 18th cars.
FINE flat of 7 rooms, bath. 458 "Hayes »t ;
inquire 26 Turk st.
$9— SUNNY flat of 3 rooms at 1328. Jessie St.,
off Hermann, near junction Valencia str
HARRISON, 665-^Upper flat. 4 sunny rooms
and bath; no children.
$12— 209B SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Sunny flat;
5 rooms, bath, gas, yard. '
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
$16—4 ROOMS, partly furnished; bay-window.
2S West Mission, bet. Twelfth and Brady.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517 — 4 rms. :bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
VALLEJO, 1C08, near Van Ness ave.— Furnlsh-
ed Hat; 6 rooms and bath; call morning. '
COMMODIOUS, sunny, corner 7-room flat; ele-
gantly furnished. 1800 Sutter st
FURNITURE FOR SALE. "
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
- FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big;
A." WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest'
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
l-'UKMTURE AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell st; tel. Bush 421.
: ' GLOVES. '^___
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HEU' WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. rt. HANSEN & CO.'S. -Phone Grant 1S5
.... .HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
A first-class hotel housekeeper who has had
experience in large hotels only need apply.
for first-class hotel $40-$50
Walter and wife, /cafe, country $50
2 more waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare one
way , $25
Waitress. Santa Cruz, nice place $20
Man and wife, kitchen hapd and chamber-
maid, resort ....- '. $10
50 waitresses, city, country resorts.. $20-$25
Chambermaids and chambermaids to wait '
$15-$20
Laundress, country hotel $25
Pantry girl, resort 2 $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
House-girl, nice place, city. $30: cook, choice
place, city, $25; second girl. Oakland, $25;
housegirl, 2 in family. Belvedere, $20, party
here; ranch cooks, houseglrls for country,
nurFegirls, others, city and country. $ 10 $.'!.).
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel, between Kearny
st. and Grant ave.)
A— WAITRESS. Lake County, party here, $25,
fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush
st.,' opposite California Hotel, between Kear-
ny st. and Grant ave.
4 WAITRESSES, mountain resort $25
2 waitresses, springs, south ....$23
* 2 waitresses, sprints, north $25
2 waitresses, springs. Lake Co., fare both
ways $20
waitress, springs, Sonoma Co $20
Waitress for Visalla, Redwood City, Flre-
baugh, Modesto, San Jose, Hollister, $25, all
fares ?ald.
MRS. M. E. DAY.. 335 Geary.
PRIVATE family laundress; country; 3
months; $35. .'• '-'*.'.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary.
WANTED— Cook for hospital. $40, city; man
and wife, private place, $50; 6 second girls,
city and country, $25; maid and seamstress,
$25; nurse girl. $15; 2 cooks, small country
hotel, $25; housework, ,GIlroy. $25; 2 laun-
dresses, $25, $30; second cook*, institution,
country, $30; mother and daughter, country.
$40; 8 waitresses for resorts, $25; 100 girls
for all kinds of housework, city and coun-
try. Apply to J.-F. CROSETT, 334 Sutter St.
A WOMAN to cook for 8 men, $30; boarding-
house cook, $30; housekeeper, $15; second
girl, $25; housegirl, $35; cook, short distance,
$30, party" here 2 o'clock. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st. '
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
- LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. '
OPERATORS and a number' of bright girls wTTl
be taken for Instruction on overalls, with a
stated . amount guaranteed to beginners.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts. • \
$4 50— HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, mas-
sage, hair work taught In 2 weeks; positions
¦guaranteed in stores and with private cus-
tomers, $50 and $75 per month; class day
and evening. College 233 Geary st, rs. 13-15.
WANTED— Young girl or woman to assist
with children and; light housework: will-
Ing to go short distance across the bay. Call
bet. 1 and 4 p. m., 757 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— A woman to help care Jor 2 chil-
dren and housework;' no kitchen work; AH
miles in country; wages $15. , Address R. E.
P.. Olema. Marln County, Cal. >• \
PACIFIC College, ~i236~"MarkerKt, r. 04^Hair-
work, hairdreSsing, marcel wave, manicur-
ing, massage, etc.; positions guaranteed; $12
to $.'{5 wk. ; day,eve.cl4sses; course 2 wks.,?5.
I WANT Immediately a trustworthy woman
of fair education for business position; mar-
ried woman preferred. Box 300, Call.
WANTED — Ladies to demonstrate household
article; salary. MRS. F. I. TIBBETTS, U21
Posfst.
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion ; good opportunity for right party.
F. PERS.ON, room 412, Parrott building. '
PIANO player for cduntry. Hotel Francisco,
| Taylor and Turk sts.; 10 to 2 or 3 to 6 p. m.,
parlor 4. . •
APPRENTICE for hair business. G. LED-
ERER. ;123 Stockton st.
WANTED— An apprentice girl. Apply GOLD-
_STEIN iz CO.. 733 Market st. .
WANTED— Manager at Portland for D'Orlan
Company. Apply 421 Powell st. .
BANDERS -and lingerers apprentices; . paid
from start. Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market st.
A" GIRL for housework and cooking. -Apply
. 2604 California" at. _
WANTED-iGtrl ' to assist in housework; no
cooking. "Call from 9 to 12, 1322 G; G. ave.
MILLINERY, thorough couwe, ' $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
WANTED— A good second waitress. Renown
| Restaurant. 060 Howard st. '
a*Ba»»«^-^'*vks-ii'»a£-75*««*sft«^aM™«l^H^^Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Wednesday, Juije 11 — i p.. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 02 ' OS Justice-...:.. 03 03
Alta 05 06 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 02 03 Lady Wash... — 04
Belcher 14 15 Mexican 43 45
Best & Belch 13 14 Occidental ... 17 IS
Bullion ..;... 02 0=* Opbir .......1 151 2»
Caledonia ... 87 88 Overman .... 31 32
Challenge Con 11 13 Potosi ...*... 25 2«
Chollar ...... 12 14 Savage 14 15
Confidence ... 58 — igcorpton ..... — 04
C C & V* 1 30 1 35|3eg Belcher.. 03 - 04
Con Imperial. — «2; Sierra N«v... 14 IS
Con NY — 02 Silver' Hill . . . 47 43
Crown Point. 05 06 St Louis . .... OS —
Eureka Con.. 18 —Syndicate ... — 07
Exchequer... 01 02 Union Con.... 16 -17
Gould & Cur. 07 08 Utah 01 02
Hale & Nor.. 40" 50 Yellow Jack.. IT 19
Julia — 04
- Josephine H. -Fernald ; -<Harker), Chester B.
Fernald and Cathe Van Dyke Harker to Cor-
¦Mary I. and James Lovett, Martin 3., Mar
garet,-James and Honorah Keane to John F,
Connolly Jr., lot on S line of Jefferson street
37:6 W Broderick. W 25 by S 112:6; $1.
Fletcher F. and Blanche Ryer to Jacob Gold
berg, lot on S line of Jackson street. 90 E
Octavia. E 47:6 by S 127:8>4; $10. «
City and County of San Francisco to W. L.
Hughson, lot on N line of Grove street, 27:0
W of Gough, W 27:e by N 68:9; $-- — .
Same to Hairy Larkln, lot cm E line of
Gourh street, 55:1 N of Filbert, N 25 by E
110; $950. .. .
Same to same, lot on SE line of Palmer
street, 165 NE of Chenery. NE 40, SE 68, W to
point NW 64, lot 3, block 15, Falrtnount: $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Julia
E. Flaherty, lot en NE corner of Filbert and
Gough streets, N 55:1 by E 110; $4350.
William and Aggie E. Corbin to Continental
Building and Loan Association, lot on W line
of Plymouth street. 37:8 S of Farrallon, S
37:6 by W 100, block J, Railroad Homestead;
$10. . .
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to Nathan
Gross, lot on E line of Girarti street, 10O S of
Silliman, S 50 by E 120. lots 29 and 30 of the
S. Ducas subdivisions of block 2. University
Mound; $10.
William and Amy Bryce to Solomon Getz,
lot on E line of Twelfth avenue. 300 S of K
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
' Estate of Patrick Riley (by Catherine Riley,
administratrix) to Patrick Fitzgerald), undivid
ed half interest in lot on W line of Seventh
avenue, 200 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by
W 120; also undivided half Interest in lot on
SW corner of Tenth avenue and M street W
32:6 by S 100: $630.
J. Salome Espinosa to Catherine Espinoaa.
lot on SW corner of Fifteenth avenue and
Clement street, W 30 by S 100: gift.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(corporation sole) (P. W. Riordan, Incumbent)
to Douglas S. Watson, lot on S W. line of Spear
street, 183:4 SE of Mission, SE 45:10 by SW
137:6, quitclaim deed; $1.
- Moses A: and Ophelia Gunst to Henry P.
Umbsen. lot on NW line of Market street, 200:8
SW of Montgomery, SW 20 by NW 80; $10.
George Wendel to George Mass Realty Com
pany (corporation), lot on W line of Taylor
street, 112:8 N of Turk, N 25:1% by W 137:6;
$36,000.
Estate of Martial Hainque (by Agnes M.
Hainque, administratrix) to same, undivided
one-fifth of same; $540.
Emily H. and Frank C. Bangs, Vlctorlne H.
and Matthew O'Brien, Adelaide H. and Harry
C. Comstock to Samuel Griffiths, lot on E Una
of Pearl street, 373 N of Thirteenth, N 25 by
E 80: $10.
Annie Farrel . (widow) to San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company (corporation), lot on SE
line of Minna street. 165 SW of Eleventh, SW
25 by SE 80; $10.
Eugenie Slatef (wife of John L.) to Elizabeth
S. Martin, lot on N line of McAllister street.
171:10% W of Baker, W 25 by N 137:8; $10.
Manhattan Loan Company (corporation) -¦ to
same, same, quitclaim deed; $1.
Frank W. Sumner to Fransetta L. Sumner,
lot on W line of Scott street, 77:8Vi N of Clay,
N 25 by W 00: gift.
C. S. Nellis to Margaret A. Nellis, undivided
2849-25,524 interest In lot on NE corner of
Waller and Scott streets, N 137:6 by E 167:6;
Sift. \
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Dorette von
der Leith, lot on W line of Stelner street, 112:6
S of Union. S 25 by ,W ICO; $10.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie Rose
Wood and Martha Wood Caughlan, executors)
to Esther M. Wilson (wife of John D.),. lot on
W line of Stelner street, 27:tf N of Valtejo, N
27:6 by W 110; $2200.
• ¦ City and County of San Francisco to Susan
C. Palmer, lot on NE corner of Stelner and
Jackson streets, E 37:6 by N 117:8%; $-* — .
John Hughes to Murray F. Vandall, lot on S
line of Golden Gate avenue, 85 E of Franklin
street, E 50 by S 120; $10.
Elizabeth E. Larklns (formerly Lizzie E. Mc-
Intosh), John W., Annie G., Nellie and Made
line -Mclntosh to - Andrew Downey, lot on SE
line of Minna street, 95 SW of First, SW 20 by
SE SO; $10. .
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
K.- R. and B. B. Galland (owners) with Ir*
W. Coburn (contractor). WHTlam H. Aral tax*
architect^ All ¦work except reading, concrete
and brick work and plumbing for a two-story
frame building with concrete foundation, to be
used isa laundry on NE line of Elarhth street
155 SE of Folsom. SE 30 by NE"120; $5100.
Marion Wagner (owner) with George Ooo-i
man (contractor), architect Albert ~F«rr — Foun
dation and paving for a five-story framo- build-
Ing on NW corner of Jones and Washington
streets, W 137:6 by N fi8:9; $1148.
Mrs. Maurice Casey (owner) with Jcsniui
Hendy Machine Works (contractors), archi
tect Frank S. Van Trees— Electric' work, bells,
automatic ges lighting, burglar alarms, etc..
for a two-story, basement and attic brick an'l
frame building orf N - line of Broadway, 77 :-"S
W of Baker street; W 77:3 by N 137:0; $1650.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany (owners) with A. Jackson (contractor).
M. J. Lyon architect — All work for a one -story
brick and frame building on SF. line of Minna
street. 165 SW of Eleventh, SW.2S by SE SO;
$1778. • .
E. j. Le Breton (owner) with Fennell Bros.
(contractors), architect Oliver Everett — Extr*
and additional work to contract dated May 15.
1902. for California Hotel on lot on NW corner
of Montgomery avenue and Kearny street;
$1750.
Same owner with Schanz & Grundy (con
tractors), architect same— Plumbing, tiling,
etc., for same on same; $13S7. i
Albert and Ray Allen (owners) with J. ?•
Campbell (contractor), architect " —AH
work except plumbing, tinning, mantels, ga«
fixtures and shades . for a three-story ' f ram*
building (three flats) on lot on E line of Scott
street. 112:6 X of Ellis. N 25 by E 03; $5400.
Mrs. H. B. Adl««r" (owner) with S. B. Kress
(contractor), 'architect A. Albert Scroepfer— All
work except plumbing, tiling, etc.. tor -a three
story and basement frame. building (six flats)
on lot on N Una of Locust avenue, 83 from
NW corner of Laguna street and Locust ave
nue, W 55 by N 120; $7930.
Same (owner) with j. F. Noonan (contract
or), architect same — Plumbing, sewering and
gas fitting for same on same; total, $1290.-
Jame=» Tlerney (owner) with F. L. Handera
(contractor), architect Philip Schwerdt-^Alt
work except concrete foundations, cement work,
plumbing, painting, electric work, • mantels,
tiling and gas fixtures for a 3-story and base
ment frame building (three fiats) on lot on 3
line of O'Farrell street. 137:6 W- of Gough,
W 2G!by 9 137:8; total. $0700.
Margaret Brodrick (owner) with Denke Bros,
(contractors and architects^AIl work except
gas fixtures for two 2-story frame buildings on
lot on N line of Clay street, 77:6 W of Maple.
W 60, N to Presidio View Homestead 'Associa
tion, SE to point, S to beginning; total, $12. 0W.
Builders' Contracts.
Alice W. Scott Smith (Scott) and Reginald
K. Smith to Laura H. Scott, lot on W line of
Valencia street. 221 :ti N of Twenty-sixth, N
20 by W 00; sift.
H. L. and Mary E. Miller to ' Homer V S.
King, lot on NW comer, of Elizabeth .and
Vicksburg streets, N. 25 by W 92; $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Twenty-siJtth
street, 140 E Diamond. E 20 by N 114; $10.
Henry and Anna O. Becker to. Adolph Haua
er. lot on W line of Castro street. 1X3 :S 3 of
Eighteenth. S 24:8 by W 123; $10.
Eliza B. and Thomas S. Milton to Mark E.
Lewis, lot en S line of Post street. 112:6 W oC
Mason, W 23 by S S7:6; $15,000.
Mary Higgins to Ellen Cody, lot on W lino
of Clinton street. 175 S of llrannan. S 25 by
"VV 75; ?10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to "W.- F.
Ganzert, lot on E line of Twenty-second street,
125 S of Lake, S 23 by E 120; $10.
Annie A. and Patrick Corkery to Thomas G.
Taylor, lot on S corner of Juniper and Har
rison streets, SW 30 by SE 100, quitclaim
deed; $10. - •
Kstate of John' D. Corkery (by James Am
brose, executor) to sane, same; $3135:*
Mary T. and James Lovett, Martin S., Mar
garet. James and Honorah Keane to Cathe A.
Connolly (wife of John), lot on N line of Fif
teenth street, 51 E Natoma. E 24 by-N 80:' $1.
delta C. Beal, lot on N line of "Washington
street. !P5:lVi W Lyop, W 27:2}i by N 127:8V*;
$10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1902^
13
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DSATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be. inserted. They must be handed
in 'at either of "the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of .per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
B0BH7
GLOVER — In this city, June 1, 1902, to the
wife of James J. Glover, a eon.
MAMLOCK— In this city, June 5. 1002, % to the
wife of L. Irfamlock, a daughter. ' "' .'
PASSUR— In this city, June 11, 1902, to the
¦ wife of , Harry .Passur, a daughter.
SHARPSTEIN— In Berkeley. June 3. 1002, to
the wife of J. P. .Sharpstein, a son. . . ... -
ZIMMERMANN— In this city, June 10, 1902,
to the wife of ' William C. Zimmermann, a
son. ,
MABB.IED.
CRAIG— McAVOY— In this city, June 4, 1902.
by the Rev. Father Sullivan, Edwin J. Craig
and Essie A. McAvoy, .both of San Francisco.
DADO— MIRKEL— in this city. June 11, 1902,
- by. the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Sylves-
ter Howard Dado of San Jose. and. Mamie J.
Mirkel of San Francisco. * '-..
PAGE— ISAOCS— In this city, June 11, 1902,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B, Wilson,* Wil-
liam Page of San Francisco and Kittie
Isaocs of Santa Rosa. ' ,
WINTERSGILL— LAVENE— In this city. June
10, 1002, by the Revj S. M. Woodward, pas-
tor of the Potrero M. E. Church, Arthur T.
Wintorssill of San Francisco and Clara L.
Lavene of Worcester. Mass.
DIED.
Antoldl, StanlslaO Kelling, Fanny
Battjer, Mrs. Amelia, Klncaid, Harvey '
Bell, Bernard H. Lyons, James
Bennett, John T. Nelson, John
Boyen, Dora W. .Pettet, Susan B.
Callahan, • Henry H. " Pharo, Eunice B.'
Corneps, Bernard F. Pointer. Mary J.
Curtaz, Mrs. J. . Twist, • Dulcenia
Ferral. Robert J. White. William H.
Fcrrante, Irene Wohlenberg, Max C.
Hlte.- Cecelia A. ; y .
ANTOLDI— In this city, June 11, 1902, Stan-
islao Antoldi, a native of Italy, aged 49
years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited>to attend the funeral Friday,
June 13. l»02, at »:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of P. Morbio, U88 Hayes street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where services will
be held at 10 o'clock, thence to Holy Crcsa
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train..
BATTJER— In Oakland. June 10, 1802. Mrs.
Amelia Battler, mother of Mrs. Annie Du-
haupas of. Newark, N. J., and Mrs. Eme-
tine Bryant ot Oakland, a native of Ger-
many, aged 62 years 1 month- and 15 days.
BELL— In this city, June 10, 1002, Bernard
. H., beloved husband of Josephine Bell, a na-
tive of Adelaide, Australia, aged 34 years.
(Seattle, Wash., papers please copy.)
E7" Funeral services will be held on Fri-
day, at 2 o'clock, at the chapel oi the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. | Cremation private. Re-
mains at -the parlors of A. W. Martin &
Co., 319 O'Farrell street.
BENNETT— In this city, June 10. 1902, John
T. Bennett, beloved husband of Delia Ben-
nett, .brother of Mrs. R. P. Barton, Robert
Bennett and the late Edward Bennett, and
beloved son of the late Maurice and Ellen
Bennett, a native of San Francisco, aged' 34
years 4 months and 26 days.
E^Friends . and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Iroquois Club are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral to-day (Thurs-
day), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late residence,
31514 Austin avenue, thence to St. Mary' e
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where ' a rf>-
¦'. quiem high mass will be celebrated , for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy'Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
BOYEN— In San Rafael, June 10, 1902, Dora
W. . Boyen, daarly beloved mother of Albert,
Edward, Dorothy," Emma and Henry Boyen,
- Mrs. G. Kohlhoff and Mrs. F. Eden, a na-
tive of Darum, Germany, aged til years . 4
- months and 21 days. -- ......
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, June 12, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, at the
First Presbyterian Church; San Rarael. In-
terment private. •
CALLAHAN— In this city, June 10, 1902.
Henry H. Callahan, beloved brother of Dan-
iel Callahan, Mrs. Lucy Mopney, Mrs." Jo-
seph Silva and Mrs. Johannah Geragty of
Humboldt County, a native of California,
¦ ejred S3- years. . . ...
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
June 12, 1902, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of I James ! McManus, Seventh and Castro
streets, Oakland. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
CORNEPS— In this city, June 10, 1902. Ber-
nard F., beloved husband of Mary . Corneps,
father of Ethel M. Corneps, only son of Mrs.
L. C. Ranck, and brother of Mrs. C. Rleter,
Mrs. H. Sledenburg and Mrs.". It. Sledenburg,
a native of Redwood City, aged 37 -years 4
months and 3 days. .
! C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2239A Folsom Street,' between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church lor services. Interment
"Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURTAZ— In Cloverdale, June 11, 1902, Mrs.
Josephine Curtax,. beloved mother of Benja-
min and Albert Curtaz, daughter 'of Fred and
Margaret Schulz, and sister of George, Mag-
gie. William, Victor. Virginia, Frank and
Vera Schulz and Mrs. John Burke, a native
of San j Francisco, aged 2S years 6 months
and 20 days.
•CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resldenco
of her parents, 142 Hawthorne street, be-
tween Second and Third, Folsom and Har-
' rlson. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ .
FERRAL — Entered Into rest In the city of
New York, June 7, 1902. Robert J. Ferral,
beloved- son of Robert and Frances Q. Fer-
,ral, a native of San* Francisco, aged 24
years.
E?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
FERRANTE— In this city, June 0. 1002, Irene,
dearly beloved wlfo of Salvatore Ferrante,
loving daughter of Maria Denegri and the
late G. B. Denegri, and sister of Tony, Ro-
milda, Dismo. Rlcardo. Elvira and Elena
Denegri, a native of San Francisco, aged 2tJ
years 3 months and 20 days. . ,
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
June 12, l»02, at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 731 Vallejo street, thence to iota.
Peter and Paul's Italian Church, where a
requiem high mass will b«j said for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing 1 at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross C*metery.
HITE— In this city, June 10, 1902, Cecelia A.,
beloved wife of J. R. Hite, and sister of
Mrs. J. Hausmah and the late Mary Blen-
nerhassctt, a native of Virginia, aged 42
years.
IcyFriends and ! acquaintances are respect-
fully to attend the funeral Friday,
. at 10 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 122 "Eddy street. Inter-
ment strictly private.
KELLING— In this city, June 11, 1902, Fanny
Kelling, beloved mother of Albert and James
A. Salz, and sister of Jacob Salz and Mrs.
I. Goodfriend. a- native of Germany, aged
81 years. (Richmond County, New York, pa-
pers please copy.)
ICTFuheral and interment strictly -private.
KINCAID — In Redwood City, Cal.. June 10,
1902, Harvey Klncaid. a native of Platt
- County, Missouri, aged C7 years.
tE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence in Redwood City. Interment Union
Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, June 11, 1902, James,
• dearly beloved husband of Catherine Lyons,
and father of John F. Lyons, a native 'of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 73 years.
. (C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 55 Dehon etreet, off Sixteenth, be-
• tween Church and Sanchez, | thence to Mls-
. sion Dolores .Church, , where a solemn re-
quiem high mas3 will be celebrated for the
repoSe of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital,
June 11. 1002, John Nelson, a native of
Canada, .aged 53 years, u
PETTET— In ¦ this city, June 10, 1902,. Susan
B. ! Pettet, i a native of New York, aged 58
¦ years and 5 months.
CTFriends ! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
June 12, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 1 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carrlaee.
PHARO — In Oakland, June 11. 1902, Eunice
"B., beloved Wife of Joel . H. Pharo, and
mother of Isaac F. Pharo. Mrs. John A.
Hyde and Joseph "A. and James E. Pharo, a
native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 72 years 2
months and 11 days.
ICT Notice of funeral . hereafter. ..
POINTER— in this city, June 9, 1902, Mary
J., beloved wife of Henry Pointer, mother of
• : George, Adallne and Edward Pointer, daugh-
ter of James and Rose Dunne, and sister of
Sadie," Rose, John and the late James Dunne,
• a native of San Francisco.
'¦ . • " (E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ; attend the funeral tor-day
¦ .(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) .'
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. 20 Fifth at, opposite Lincoln School. -
' ,' . Telephone South 80. ¦ ¦•
Mt. 'Olivet* Cemetery, ;
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 816 Market Street.
-Telephone Bush 367. .
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden,' 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, ¦ with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st., between Seventh
''and Eighth. Telephone South 44." .' :
R E AL E , S_T AtE-~CIT Y-— FO R S ALB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
On investment, residence and unimproved
properties, at our salesroom Monday, June
1G, 1902, at 12 o'clock noon.
BRIDGET MAGUIRE ESTATE, v^-
Executor's Sale. .
20S-10-12 Grove st. and 221-223 Birch ave.,
near Van Ness ave.; good Improvements,
consist of 3 three-story houses of .8-11 rooms
and bath each, and 4 flats of 4-5 rooms each
on Birch ave.; rents $170 per month; lot 55
xl20, 2 frontages; subject to confirmation by
. Superior Court.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY. .
By Order of the Verein Elntract.
1316-153S Folsoni st. north line, between ilth
and 12th sts. ; splendid Improvements con-
sist of 4 stores of 4 rooms each and 8 flats
of 6 rooms and bath each, all in perfect or-
der and steadily rented. Rents $232 per
. month, which are low and can readily be
Increased ; lot 100x90.
BRYANT ST. INVESTMENT.
714 Bryant st. and 36 Madison ave., between
Cth and Cth Bts. ; Improvements consist of 3
flats of 5-0 rooms and bath each, and 2 cot-
tages of 4 rooms each; rents $90 per month;
lot 22:«xl37:6; 2 frontages.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
29-31-33-35 Biedeman St., southwest corner
O'Farrell st., between Scott and Devisadero
Ets.; Improvements consist of 4 flats of 4-5
rooms and bath each; rents $50 per month;
always rented: lot 45x60.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
1910 Vallejo st, north line, between Octavia
and Laguna ets.; bay-window residence of 7
rooms and bath, servant's room, etc.; brick
foundation, stone walks, nicely situated and
commanding a marine view; lot 24:3x125.
OAK ST. FLATS.
9S9-041 Oak St., between Pierce and Soott sts.;
good building, contains 2 flats of 5-6 rooms
• and bath each; rents $47 50 per month; 25
stl37:6.
PERRY ST. INVESTMENT.
21 Perry st, off Third st., betwee^ Harrison
and Bryant sts., 2 flats of 4-5 ¦rooms each;
rents $20 per month; lot 25x75.
MISSION COTTAGE. •
117 Jersey St.. between Church and Sanchez,
24th and 25th sts.; cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, ctable. etc.: lot 50x114.
W. WAINWRIGHT ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
The two following properties will be offered
to close the above estate. Subject to con-
firmation by the Court ¦
No. 1.
39th ave., west line, between "V" and "W"
sts.; 25x130; being portion of Outside Land
Block . 229.
No. 2. ' ,
Lot 6, block "E," Peralta Heights, Oakland,
¦ Alameda Co.
For catalouge and further particulars, ap-
ply to .'
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
• 14 Montgomery St.
$l«,0O0— 3 MODERN, elegant Sutter-st. flats.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. GHS Market «t.
UENO REAL ESTATE.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS. '
114 MONTGOMERY 8T.
RENO LOTS RENO
$75 TO $400
In the choicest section of the city of Reno,
Nev. Ono of the most progressive and prom-
ising cities of the West. Each lot has a
frontage of 50 feet and an average depth of
140 feet. The best opportunity ever offered
for small investments. A chance to double
your money in one year. Andrew Carnegia
has recently given Reno a free library to
cost $15,000. and by an act of Congress a
public building and a new courthouse are tr>
be built. The Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany's new shops are also going to Reno.
Lots going like hot cakes. Get yours now.
For ' further particulars apply to ,
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS,
114 Montgomery ' st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AZjABCKDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, rent or. exchange — An elegant 8-
room modern house, all conveniences; fine
corner lot; best locality; a great bargain;
$4000.
Must be sold; a large 8-room house: lot 60s
150; near Chestnut et. station. See the above
this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park st. Alameda. ¦
MODERN cottage of 5 large rooms and bath.
mantel, hall. 7-foot basement, good brick
foundation, fruit trees and fine lawn; corner
lot, 50x125; street work all done and stone
walks laid; sunny frontage ; choice location.
For particulars apply to owner, 1923 Park st,
Alameda. .
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
1 OR 2 furnished rooms In Alameda; convenient
to trains; board. Box 42R^ Oakland. ¦'-'>,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEYR^AL ESTATE.
WANTED — An offer; splendidly built house
of 12 rooms; cemented basement; large: attic;
house cost $9000; 1 year old; lot 70x160; must
be Gold.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley .station.
COTTAGE^ — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc. ; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLASD REAL ESTATE.
$300 CASH; $6 monthly; cottage of 3 rooms;
good barn, chicken houses' fine well of water,
assorted orchard; 3 fine lots, 75x100; street
macadamized; school, church, Town Hall and
observatory and 2 grocery stores; over 100
families now located; sandy loam soil; no fogs
nor raw winds here; 2 blocks from boulevard
and electric car line; adjoining East Oakland;
has a fine, grand view; price in all, $800; a
fine bargain;, call or send for circular. 459
Seventh st, opp. Broadway station, Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner..
OAKLAND FURKITURB FOR 8 ALB.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H,
SCHELLHAAS. 403 Eleventh st. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR^HOCSEKEEPINO.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete:
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St James, McAllister and La-
guna sts.
EARTLETT, 413 — Large sunny furnished rooms
very reasonable. .
ELEVENTH, 225 — Two sunny unfurnished
rooms with bath for light housekeeping.
FELL, 222 — 4 neatly furnished rooms, $22. ¦ .
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3, $14,
2 beds; 3, $20, 2 beds, bath; 2. $15. ,
GOLDEN GjVTE ave., 1202^-Four furnished
rooms, first floor; gas range; launary. ':
JESSIE, 333— Large sunny front room, 'fur-
nlshed housekeeping; gas range; yard; $10.
LARKIN; 804 — 2 sunny rooms for light house-
keeping; no small children; $10.. .
LEAVENWORTH, 1312— Well-furnished sunny
upper floor; marine view; references; rent
reasonable. • . . '¦
OAK, 117 — Suite 'complete for housekeeping;
nice and neat, sunny and' sweet; $12; adults.
OCTAVIA, 1259, cor. O'Farrell — Housekeeping
suit, elegantly furnished; gas and coal range.
STOCKTON, 1206— Model house; newly fur-
nlshed; gas, bath and sunny; front and house-
keeping. *'--.'¦*
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— 4 nide
rooms complete. '
VALF.NCIA. 834% — 3 rooms furnished com-
plete; sink, gas. bath and porch. ..
VAN NESS ave., 402 — Entire upper flat; 3\
rooms; neatly furnished; gas stove; bath. ..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ¦¦
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrii. aiia Vnlnrn.
ANGELUS. .......' NOW OPEN.
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms . and suites; . marine view.
530 Stockton st, bet, Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunny; 76c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California. ..
A — BRUNSWICK House, • 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night: j
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
. week cr month; bath; phone.. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old , No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 <Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 3!*:.
$1 f.O night; $1 50. $C week; open all night.
FOLSOM, e-'0, near 4th— $1 per week, furnished
rooms. '•¦--.; '
'Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 35cto
' fl CO night; $1 75 to 55 Week; reading room.
MEDICAL.
A— ALL former patients of MRS. DR. GWYER
«"ili be glad to know she has returned to San
I- rancsico and opened offices for the relief of
those suffering from rheumatism, paralysis,
morphine or liquor habits. Those consulting
r.er will be assured of careful and honest
treatment Consultation and advice free. Pri-
vate home for patients. Hours. 10 to 12 a,, m.,
- to 0 and 7 to S p. m. Sundays by appoint-
ment only. Phone Jessie 2131. Entrance to of-
fices, 1504 Market *,t.. rooms 25 to 28, City
Hall square. Over Good Fellows' Grotto.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. vrorld-renowned speclal-
lst — Ladies, all who are cick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rectec"; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G W. O'DON-
XF.LL. of£ce & residence. 1C18 Mkt, op. 8th.
A— DR. UOSEN; this specialist exercises the
most important of modern principles in treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladies all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
-normal results; fee low. 1007^ Market st.
MRS. DK. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed: borne la
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
1COSH Market st. opp. Sth and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladles' spe-
ciaMst; 30 years' experience; private home in
confinement Moved to 728 Post st, nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable epecial-
ist; maternity hospital: home for Infants
free; fee low. Movgd to 118 Efldy st, nr Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
epedalist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is eafe & sure; never falls;
price J2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearar.
LADIES— "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Mcd. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HIXDOHERB
original method of treatment 1128 Market
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square: all glscasps rnrod by herbs.
MONEY TO LOAN.
H^iSiXSridFul^H^rim^wa^xamTiner^idgT
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE
.......On first and second mortgages.......
........ ..Life interests in estates..........
........Property being held In trust
Undivided interests in real estate
Estates in probate — Legacies..*.....
Assignment of rents.. .».. .......
Life Insurance policies
.. Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
.......... If you need money. ............
See HERMAN MURPHY ....
601-C02 Examiner building
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
Loans any amount et lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On e*cond mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided Interests In real estate.
On estates In probate.
On legacies.
ICO DELAT.
Telephone Main G516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery Bt. room 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing' and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY,
Eale Deposit bldg., 328 Montgomery st.
"Will make loans on real estate
Low rate cf Interest
Long or short term. .
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on fliamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market et: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 T^lrd.
MrXICTPAIi Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et: phone Red 1CC3.
ON real estate. 1st cr 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or planes; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
6. i". DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ; money quick:
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market et.. room 68.
ELFVTNG. €16 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos.
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;strictly confidential. Tel. Black C263.
$1.0 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; Quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake, 453 Parrott bit. ¦
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery at
LOHTST rates on furniture, etc, bjr prtvat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. S01 Jones.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn..
without removal: confiden. 935 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK, 116 McAllister st.
8% ON fcrcltore & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room El, 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a. month on each
$1000: £cy security. 302 Montgomery st. r. L.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money en salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan blflg.
MONEY WANTED.
BUSINESS man -wishes to meet private party
having money to loan on collateral securities.
Box £50. Call office.
OFFICES AJXD STORES TO LET.
A large sunny office; part, whole, desk room;
(rammer sample-room. 14 Flood building.
LARGE ctore with high basement fronting on
2 sts.: below Kearny st. 636 Clay Bt. room 1.
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L. N^RGAA^D^reads 1 to"4. 700
Post et. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. B15
Taylor st. bet. Geary end Poet :tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
IF the man who rang the bell on Turk and
Eddy car, signaling car to etop, at 5 p. m.
May 2S, vhen man's hat blew off, will send
. his name and address to S. A. POTTER,
12*61 Sacramento Et., he will be liberally re-
warded lor same. ;
IF the young lady -who was sitting on the
front part cf Turk and Eddy car when man
was put off at Pierce et, on May 28, at S
p. m.. will eend her name and address to S.
A. POTTER. 29C1 Sacramento et.. she will
b« liberally rewarded.
IF the boy who picked up the man'e hat at
Gough Et. at 5 p. m. May 28, and got on
bicycle, snd delivered same to him. will Bend
his name and address to 8. A. POTTER,
i:'.<i;l Saccgmento Et, be will be liberally re-
warded. -
IF you hair la falling, send for DR. G. S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to Etop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald beads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to ail parts
cf the world; call or oend for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell et. S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants lor suits to order.
(15; with these euits we make an extra pair
of panU free of charge; other suits on install-
mtntE, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et, between Seventh and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE — Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' taller made euits. ' eklrta,
thirtwaUte. trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
Euits, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
cur new ctore. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 31S Mason.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third et. neat Market; 700 rooms.
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 &0 to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from th<* ferry.
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine Is what
curtd people eay. Address REUNER GOU-
LET. t-acraraento. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS hair goods only; switches and
wigs; hair dressing, 25c; shampooing; 60c;
manicuring. 25c. G. LEDEUER, 123 Stock-
ton tt. «
MECHANICAL engineer— Steam, engine, boil-
er, ice and refrigerating machinery expert;
designs and installs most economical oll-
burning plants. Box 302, Call.
A— WHAT <Jo you think? O BERMAN, '48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 pattern*.
UOMK treatment for mothers and daughters;
booklet tree. The VIAVI CO.. 2304-0-8 Van
Ness ave.. Kan Francisco; phone East 2S2.
MADAMS POJCO — Scientific character read-
ing: hours, 10 to 12 a. m.. 1 to 4 and 7 to 8
p.m. ; Eundays. 10 to 12 a.m. 239 Powell, r. 14.
DHUNKENNESS. morphine and all drug dls-
<>ai*s positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1839 Polk Et, S. F.; consultation free.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton et, near Broadway.
g~"SNSATIOXAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying instructive Two cents for postage »e-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary St.. S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt'e union-made overalls at SUMMEK-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market tta.
EUPEHFLUOUB hair and molee destroyed with
» - electriff needle. MISS EATON. 1118 Sutter st
. PERSONALS — Continued. j
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale ; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hark or chain, at lowest
- rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth at, Oakland.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum. Vol. 2.
history greatest game ever played; lOo post-
pald. S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome st. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Pattern*;
all the newest designs for summer goods. 3.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
AT less than cost uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St.
LIQUOR habit — A new. safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient Ad-
dress P. O. box 552. San Jose. Cal.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHU>JG PARLORS. 437 Montgomery et.
THEDY — Where can I see you on business?
Box 246. Call. .
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atrlcals; masquerades supplied. 2C O'Farrell.
"PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
ACTINA restores the eyes and eftrs to health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured: no operation, t>ain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 SO; dress pants, 52 50.
i Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market
ALFREDUM8 Egyptian Henna: restores gray
•hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists' .
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee. Wis.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
DR. LAMOTTE'S> FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all drueglsts. "
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlon free. Dra. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DK. C. C. O'DONNELL—Offlce and residence.
1021% Market st. bet. Sixth acd Seventh.
Cataracts cured bv absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073^" Market
g^^f^J E^ATjB---Myr-— g^ojggALB.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
No one can beat our offerings.
$500 to $1000 — Graded Sunset lots; $19
monthly.
$100 to $450— Ocean Boulevard lots; $5
monthly. . v
$400 to $800— Richmond lots; all bargains.
Eunset Branch Office — Ninth ave., near H st.
' $150 AND $250 EACH.
Don't miss seeing our Excelsior Homestead
lots; near Mission-st. electric cars.
Level; no grading; Spring Valley water.
Ride to corner Mission st. and China or
Brazil aves.
$1000, $1500 to $3000— Modern cottages; beet
locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle building.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM ....REAL ESTATE,
26 Montgomery Bt, room 11.
Bents collected; fuil charge taken of property.
$50,000 — Fine 87:6 feet Turk-st. corner; well
• in; modern building; will pay big.
$43,500 — Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine !
location for apartment house, flats,
etc
$10,000 — Webster, nr. Washington; 50-ft. front;
suitable for physician.
$10,000 — 3 sunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park; grand view; rents $105.
$2,375— Cheap ; north Bide Clay st., near Lyon;
fine adjoining lot, 27:6x100, for $3000.
HOUSES — SUNSET HEIGHTS — LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh -ave.- t H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery; room
11. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
J. I*. COOKE.. 26 Montgomery st.J. L. COOKE
San - Francisco
Great Bargains, Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
All eizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity.
Secure a home.
Special Bargains Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can get It cheap.
Leave your address with me
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will
purchase you a home.
Don't forget to call on or
address J. L. COOKE,
26 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
Cut this out and save address. v .
NEW cottage residence, 5 sunny rooms, bath-
rcom, butler's pantry, large basement; on
Eunny Elde of street; lot 25x107:6; pretty ma-
rine view; stone pavement; street bltuminla-
ed; a few steps from cable cars; fine loca-
tion, near Broderick; everything rented as
soon as built; new houses going up all
around and property changing hands fast at
advancing prices; only $575 down and easy
Installments; price $3175; will take a lot
as part payment. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st., Savings Union building, bet.
Montgomery and Kearny. ?
YOU will never secure a suburban home in
sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
$1500 — COTTAGE 4 rooms and lot; Mail Dock.
Box 4C21, Call office. -
$1700 — COTTAGE 5 rooms, barn;^marine view.
HAYES, corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
$2200— TWO flats, near Mail Dock. HAYES,
corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
FOR sale — Just completed, elegant 7-room cot-
tage. San Jose ave., opp. Valley st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
1SG0- ACRE STOCK RANCH reduced to $5000
to make quick sale and close an estate;
about 600 acres rich, nearly level land, for
grain, orchard or vineyard; balance pasture
land; fronting on Russian River and Tight
at town and railroad station in Mendocino
County; enough good wood to nearly pay for
place; thousands of cords, standing offer of
50c a cord stumpage for it; a splendid bar-
gain and fine investment to make a good
profit. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 507
Californla € 6t
$1770 — A FINE home, S% acres fruit and poul-
try farm; good house, barns; all In fine con-
dition; at Ukiah; a bargain; $5 an acre for
640 acres redwood timber land in Mendocino
County. We are headquarters for these lands
in large or small tracts.
Send for our Real Estate Circular; full of
bargains In country homes that give good re-
turns on the money Invested; fruit, poultry,
stock and general farms. P.OTHERMEL &
MERRELL, 507 California Bt.
$4000 — A gentleman's beautiful mountain home
and ranch: in Napa County; 160 acres, all
fenced; fine 5-room cottage, furnished; or-
chard, vineyard.- hay land, gardens; 2 large
barns, horses, vehicles, poultry, etc.; good
bunting and fishing; abundance of natural
fpring water; climate unsurpassed. Apply
F. W.. MEYER. 1453 Devisadero st. "
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
. Ban . Francisco is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California St., for
pamphlets and Information.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties; land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg.,
fian Francisco.
A BARGAIN — For sale or exchange for city
property, good country roadhouse; must be
sold on accowtit of owner leaving city. Apply
on premises, San Leandro and .Yoakum ave.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
list of bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster, Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber. tnlnea. EMMONS & SON. Mlllg bldg.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITO Land and Ferry Company offers
at low prices and easy terms lots, blocks,
acres and villa sites, choice suburban, homes
and business property; 30 minutes from San
Francisco; climate and scenery superb; can't
be excelled; call on the agent for particulars.
THOMAS McMAHON, 32:* Montgomery! et,
or at office of .company, Bausalito.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty, 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark, Agua Caliente,' Sonoma .Valley.
OCEAS TRAVEL.
REL. STAR LINE.
NEW i YORK, ANTWERP, PARIS.
Vaderland June 2Lnoor. IZeeland... July S. noon
Kroonlnd.June 28, noonlFriesland. July 12, noon
•INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. :.
CHAS. D. TAYLORJG.A.P.C.,30 Montgom'y it.
• AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Paul.June 20, 10 am;Phila. July 0. 10 am'
St Louis. July 2, 10 amISt. Paul. July- 16, 10 am
COMPAQNIB GENERALS TKAN3ATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. '¦.•j a d* u ,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <££ft3a
Saturday, at 10 a. m.; from Pier 42, *»O"E^»
North River, foot of Morton street
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward.- GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
¦ADA, 32 Broadway - (Hudson building),' New
York. J. F. . FUGAZI & CO., Pacific- Coait
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets nold by all Ralload Ticket .Agents.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. anil Unf nrn.
j^ssisnvoesT^Mir^^
cd rooms,- $5 -per month. ¦ -, ¦¦ •-.'
LARKIN, 819^4 — Large sunny room, . suitable
.for two gentlemen ; reasonable. -
MINNA. 2C7. r between Third and Fourth— Fur-
¦ nished rooms to let from $3 per month up. i
MINNA. 6C7. Corner -Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
¦¦ offices ; ; el evator ; elee. 1 Ights ; - day, week." mo.
O'FARRELL, E89— Nicely furnished front room,
• housekeepg; also single rooms, $5, $tff sunny.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' paf-
¦lor: rooms, ber night, 35c to $1 50; week, #2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 28— Nicely furnished rooms $V2,
$10, $6; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 48, opposite Fostoffice»-Clean, sun-
ny single rooms, $1. ?1 25 weekly; 25c night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth tt.'.
near Market— Furnished : also » unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 023. bet. Twenty-third and
,Twenty-fourth^-3 rooms; bath and 4 closets.
STOCKTON. 003 — Nice sunny furnished rooms,
single suite; also housekeeping rooms.
SUTTER, 040 — Elegant rooms, bath, etc. ; 10
mln. walk to Kearny st.;- private family.' ~.
TAYLOR. 238 — Newly furnished house; ele-
gant sunny front rooms, $10 up; also beau-
tiful housekeeping suite. . - .¦
I1OOM3 ANt) BOAfeD.
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new, strictly
modern, first- class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises: electric light, and elevator; private
baths; single- and suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones on every floor*
WANTED — Two or three Congenial young men
or young married couple to occupy large
light front parlor room; excellent board; fur-
,nlture new and elegant; all modern accommd-
Mations; phone; bath. Tel., Fell 5081.
THE MCALLISTER. 603 Van Ness ave.; Just
opened; elegantly furnished suite or slngie
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
. references. ...
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
. family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
'.'HEATH/' 312 Eddy st. — Select family hotel-
exceptional table; popular prices.
FOR sunny homelike room and delicious board
apply 104 Guerrero st.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class bouse;
furnished suites or single; steam heat
VAN NESS, BID— Handsome \furnlshed sunny
suites ; single rooms: flrst-claP3 tabl* board.
n ROOMS WANTED.
rates; north of Market st. and east of Polk.
163 Hartford st. ( .
ROOMS WANTED— Country.
MAN arid wife want, by July 1, three furnished
housekpg rooms in Alameda. Box 372. Call.
___;. SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
A DROP-HEAD SEWING MACHINE, $16"60.
$16 50 buys new improved drop-head; oak
woodwork; Improved attachments; agency for
all the leading sewing machines; phone How-
ard 3264. 145 Sixth st.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
storage: .and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
. flee Post and Powell sts.; tel, Prlv. Ex. S71.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission Bt; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore Et : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
• eell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
I Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 2C0.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inapec. Co..20fl SsMomi!.
TYPEWnmSCI & MIMEOGRAPHIiVG.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies. 2c;mlm-
: eographlng. 927 Markt. rm.305; Howard 1530.
VITAOPATHY.
I SUFFERED from rheumatism for a month,
unable to move myself without help; with one
' treatment of Vitaopathy under Prof. Ivan
McLaughlin, 1104 Market st., I was able to
walk about my room; second treatment, same
: day, I walked twelve blocks. I am satisfied
that Vitaopathy did it.' Wednesdays free
treatment. ' • JACOB KIEFFER,
. Hotel Vendome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Schuetzen Club Park and Build-
ing Association — A dividend of 25 cents per
. share on the capital stock of above associa-
tion has been declared, payable on and after
June 19. 1902, at the office of the treasurer,
. L. J. REUBOLD, 312 Bush Bt Transfer
books close June 14.
OTTO BREMER, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted—Notice Is • hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
¦ of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. 320 Sansome st
Ban Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m
SATURDAY, June 14, 1002, and opened
Immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months, commencing
July 1. 1002, and ending December 31, 1002
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished UDon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the Conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, j payable to C. Mason
. Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
¦will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
. notice of acceptance as required by law.' The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
¦ the amount specified. . . , ,
. Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Direct-
ors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies : Office
of Purchasing Comir.iBSary, San Francisco.
Cal., June 10, 1902^ — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or such warehouses in San Francisco, Cal
bb per circular to be seen at this office, wiii
be received here until 11 o'clock a. m., Tues-
day, July 1, 1902, and opened immediately
thereafter -in presence of bidders. Specifica-
tions, general instruction to bidders and
blank form of proposal will be furnished to
established dealers on application to W H
BALDWIN, Major, Commissary, U. S
.Army, Purchasing Commissary. ..
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., June 10, 1002— Sealed
, proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
Vuntil 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, June 20, 1902
and then opened, for Grading, Building
Roads, Drains, etc., at Fort Kosencrans.
! Cal. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids, in whole or in part.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
tent of consumption required by the publio
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to D. D. WHEELER, Deupty Quar-
termaster General. Chief Q. M. ¦¦-...
] MABRIAGE LICENSES. ¦
The following' marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: \ , ,
Richard J. Elliott, 21, 67 Noe etreet, and
Lillian .V.' Hinds. 21, 615 Fell, street:
Johann P. Hagenah, - 27, 3425 Sixteenth
street, and Anna L. Wachter, 18, 3425 Six-
teenth, street' . -•"•¦ '¦'¦'¦
• Joseph P. Deluchl, 25, 324 Vallejo street, and
Louisa M. Giacopettl, 16, 418 Vallejo' street.
Charles L. Lathrop, 20, city, and Ef fie L.
Shull, 23, city. .- ' ' • '
George F. Buswell, 39, 404 Eddy street, and
Mai Zarro, 24, 908 Filbert street.
.Patrick H. Farrell, 33,. city, and Veronica
M. Harrold, 30, city. ;
Charles C. Horton, 25, city, and Mabel K.
Norrlnzton, 23, ¦. city. . ¦
Frank J. Welch, 21, Augusta, Ga., and Edith
M. Adams, 22, city. , . .
- George A. Rowland,' 21, city, and Alice E.
Bryant, 18, city. ' '
Paul V. -Finch, 34, Bakersfleld, and Helen
M. Bryans, 30, . Chicago.
Henry A. Nordqutst, 26, city, and Fannie
O. Waflace. 24. city. , ; '-..
Francis Warde, 22, 538 Hayes street, and
'¦Ella A. Brady, 20. 403 Fell street. •
Lawrence Orth, 25, 239 Twenty-seventh
street, and Ottiglia Mona, 2S, 1CG8 Alabama st.
• John Kirvesoja, 1 24, ; city,' and : Jenny Huo-
vlnen.19, city, v '•'-.» '
William " Page, S3, 2927 Sacramento street,
and Kittie Isaoc, il2, ; Santa Rosa. - .-,.¦.
Edwin 1 F. .Merry, 26, city, and ' Mary, C.
Smith, 21, • Los Angeles.
O.R. &N* CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, &l! Rail or Steamship and Rail, aft
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS COLUMBIA Sails.. June 12. 22. July 2. 12
SS GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 17. 27. July 7
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. 11a.m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt. 1 Mong'y, S.F.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO HSEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WXLL LEAVE WHARI*. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc; No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. . . ?."•*">
S3. HONGKONG MARU
i Saturday. June 28. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU Thursday. July 24. 1002
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. August 16, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. . . For
freight and passage apply at company* a office.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦ - W. H. AVERT. General Agent
J4 'ctmburg- American.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH^-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
A. Victoria.... .June 17|Columbla ».'... July 3
F. Bismarck. ..June 2CJF. Elsmarcic. . . .July 21
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
. PLYMOUTH^CHERBOURG— HAMBURO.
Vic. Luise June lOlPatricla .'. .June 17
Moltke June 101 Bluecher June 2 1
Hamburg-American Line, 3T B'woy, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Paciao
Coast. 401 California st. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cla Sud Americana ds Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stoooing at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard ' 3. pier 10, 12 m. .
AREQUIPA....June 30 GUATEMALA.. Aug. 11
TUCAPEL. ... .July lSiPALENA Aug. 30
These steamers are built expressly for* Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change' at Acaoulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316" Calif ornla street
- BALFOUR. GUTHR1E tt CO., Gen. Agents.
AAA4HIA CT if £*A <"WA"t WOK *®i
y vvmiiv g.4>»vv9 mMcr U!)£ nimn
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
.and Sydney. ...Thursday, June 12. 7. p. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
.. , Saturday, Jun« 21, 2 p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.......-...^..
Tuesday. July 15, 10 a. m.
I. D. SPBICXHS k BEOS. CO., Gemal JLZtSL; 329 laiXK
Gea'IFass. des, 643 Kai^st sl. Pisr Sa. 7. Pasaac 3L
1 ===== ' '; =*
FlFFIllAYrY^^
'Stamen GEN. FRISBIB or HONTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sim-
day". Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Valleio 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, « p. in., except
Sunday. Sunday. 1 a.m., 4:13 p. m. Faiw fc)
cents: Telephone Main 1503. Landing an.l
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. .HATCH
BROS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
(L v steamers leave San Fran-
fOT^--. Cisco aa follows :
EsSSSSWfc For Ketchikan. Juneau,
EMia-33^ Skagway, etc., Alaska— 11 a.
KTISW^S m ., June 15, 20, 25, a0, July
Sii&KiS \M &. 10 - 15 " Change to com-
BffijKjSkSli! pany's steamers at Seattle.
i r^*^Sr*MSl For Victoria, Vancouver,
**¦ ~^*S^| Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom —
11 a m June" 15, 20. 25, 30, July 5, 10, 15.
"^•^rtta OBunJboldt /awMiSO P. m..
San Pedro) Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. PorfHarford (San
Lull 'Oblsoo). Ventura. Hueneme and 'Newport
(^ront 0 Jun y^19.-27, r jul'y5.lV ' '
Coos Bay, » a. m,, June 45, 23. July 1, ».
B ?S?k2^&' Sdaiena Bay San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Kualla,
Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder
Right is reserved to chanee steamers or sail-
ln *ICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
Etreet tPalace Hotel).
CD- DUNANN. Gen. Passenger, Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
I REDUCED, j
S GENUINE !
I For Sale by All Reliable Dealers. }
'> SI1Q.OO P^r- ton !
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association —
The monthly requiem high mass 'for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
relatives of living members, will be sung In
St. Dominic's Church Thursday, June 12, at
9 o'clock. - . -
dence of her parents,' 1535 Bryant street,
thence to St- Charles. Borromeo's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will b?
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
> TWIST — In this city, June 11. 1902. Dulcenia.
beloved wife of W. F. Twist, 'and mother of
Walter and Allen Twist Mrs. R. L. Fuller,
W. A. Gillilan, H. G. Gillilan. Mrs. Frank
Schriber, Dr. Gillilan. Mrs. J. D. Miner and
Mrs, J! Burns, a native of Iowa, aged 57
years 2 months - and • 14 days.
WHITE — In Geyserville. William H. White,
beloved husband of Jennie G. White, and
father of W. J. White, a native of Almond,
N. Y., aEed 68 years 7 months and 15 days.
(San Jose and New York papers please copy.)
WOHLENBERG — In Baden, June 10, 1902,
Max ChristODher Henry .Wohlenberg, a na-
3 tlve of San Francisco, aged 28 years 11
months and 25 days.Chief Wittman took occasion to define
his position regarding all nickel-in-the
slot machines when the cases of two sa
loon-keepers were being heard, charged
with having machines .that paid money.
The Chief declared that all nickel-ln-the
slot machines • which paid money, drinks
or cigars were Illegal under the Penal
Code, and expressed his willingness to
suppress them. The commission listened
to his remarks in silence and gave no
sign as to whether they indorsed his re
marks.
"It is a serious matter," said the Com
missioner. "This man is charged with a
grave offense, and I should want to be
positive as to his guilt before, I .would
take from him his livelihood. It would
be very wrong to stigmatize him with
conviction should he be the victim of mis
apprehension." "
The charge of extorting money made
against Officer . Cleveland Peters . was
promptly dismissed. The complainant In
the case and the only witness against
Peters "jumped" his ball In a case pend
ing against him and left the city.
Six new policemen were appointed by
tho Commissioners and will be sworn in
by Chief Wittman this morning. They
are Michael Whelton, John S. Barrett,
Paul D. Elmer, Charles J. Ward, Andrew
J. Goran and Daniel J. Kohane. They will
not fill vacancies, but will be paid from
a surplus that exists in the police funds.
In discussing the gallant conduct of Po
liceman . Keys in stopping a runaway
team and saving two women from serious i
injury two weeks ago, the lack of some
means to properly recognize meritorious
acts by officers was commented on by the
members of the commission. Commis
sioner Howell was finally appointed a
committee of one to devise some By stem'
of commemorating acts of exceptional
bravery by policemen by the bestowal of
medals or otherwise, as may seem best.
In voting to " acquit Levings of the
charges Commissioner Howell stated that
ho could not quite convince himself as to
the guilt of the defendant, and not wish
ing to do him an injustice would vote to
retain him on the force. »; ; " '
Levings was accused of soliciting &
bribe in the case of Carothers, alias Me
¦Williams, charged with grand larceny.
; The conversation regarding the bribe was
alleged to have occurred at the home of
Mrs. Elizabeth Darling, 913 Eddy street.
Two witnesses, Including an attorney, tes
tified in corroboratlon of Mrs. Darling's
statement that they had heard Levings'
request for $150 with which to "square"
the case.* The transaction was interrupt
ed, they claimed, by their appearance on
the scene.. Considerable difficulty was ex
perienced by the Commissioners in secur
ing the testimony of Mrs. Darling, and
although the action was brought some
time ago the testimony of the defense
could not be introduced until last Monday
afternoon. ,
The charge of soliciting a bribe brought
against Police Officer Leroy Levings was
dismissed by the Board of Police Commis
sioners last night. Two of the Commis
sioners, Mahoney; and Hutton, voted , to
dismiss Levings from the force, while
Commissioners Newhall and Howell voted
to exonerate him of the charge. «
Six Policemen Are Appointed
at Regular Meeting Held
Last Night.
Commissioners Exoner
ate Officer of Charge
" of Bribery.
LEVINGS CASE
IS DISMISSED
THINKS KING OF ENGLAND
HAS CREATED HIM A LORD
.Van , Brunt, the Well-Known- Clubman,
Is the Victim of Strange Hallucinations^
the Pathetic Result of Mental Collapse
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1902.
14
WEIil^-KNOWN CLUBMAN WHO
IS SUFFERING FROM
STRANGE HALLUCINATIONS.
Knickerbocker families of New York and
has relatives living j in New. Tork City,
where for many years he was a member
of the exclusive Union Club. He came to
California to take charge of the stock
farm owned by Lily Xangtry, the actress.
He afterward engaged in mining and is
joint owner with the 'Belmonts of New
York in several valuable pieces of min
eral land in this -State. He: formerly
owned a string of running horses and was
a constant attendant at the racetracks.
Often a. man spends. half -his time get
tlnc ready to waste th© other Half. .
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
D. Hauser, a Caucasian who drives an
express -wagon for Jim Dip. a Mongolian.
was arrested 'by, Officer Hooper of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to An
imals yesterday for abusing his . horses.
The offender led the policeman a long
chase because, as he explained, he did
want to go to Jail.
Assistant City. Attorney Lan© has filed
an opinion with the Supervisors, setting
forth that the municipality, under the
law, may operate a railroad for five con
secutive blocks upon < any street over
which a street railroad is. now operated.
¦'¦ The charter, he says, does not conflict
with the code in that regard or give the
city any, more extended right than a cor
poration. The fact that; in the transfer
from the Sutter-street Railroad Company
to the United Railroads Company, that
portion of the franchise '.. running from
the ferry . up : Market . street to Sutter
was not • conveyed, leaving two corpora
tions still on that part of Market street,
does not in his: opinion prevent the city
from using the ; street concerned for any
distance whatever. He holds . that the
use of the street, by the municipality
Itself -is not making a "grant to one
other . corporation," or making a grant
to any one, .and that the city Is war
ranted in claiming the right to proceed
for five blocks continuously upon all 'and
each of the streets concerned In th©
Sutter-street and. Geary-street franchises.
' t .'>'* ¦ '! iTTriTrr -r rri — tTlifr ' V-|-rn ¦ I "flii in r i n iwn, ,nj
It is assumed that transfer arrangements of
mutual benefit can be made with corporations
operating other street railway systems. The
city system should be established as sup
plemental to the roads operated under fran
chises and should not be laid out with a view
toward reducing their earnings. "With such
transfer privileges to some line reaching the
Third and Townsend street railway station in
view the originally suggested Second street line
is to be considered unnecessary at this time.
The cost for the railroad from the park to
the ferry would be $850,000: cost from the
park along Geary t,o Market street $700,000;
cost from Fulton on Tenth avenue to Point
Lobos avenue, thence to Geary, Grant avenue
Bush, Kearny and Pine streets to Market
street. $780,000. - -ra3«BMCi
TRANSFER ARRANGEMENTS.
The route of the proposed road Is to be
either of the following: Commencing at Ful
ton street on Tenth avenue, thence along Tenth
avenue to Point Lobos avenue, thence along
Geary street to Market street and thence along
Market street to the ferry depot; or com
mencing at Fulton street on Tenth avenue,
thence along Tenth avenue 'to Point Lobos ave
nue, thence along Point Lobos avenue to Geary
street, thence along Geary street to Grant ave
nue, thence along Grant avenue to Bush street.
thence along Bush street to Kearny,
thenca along Kearny street to Pine,
thence along Pine street to * Market and
thence along Market street to the ferry depot.
If the Municipal Street Railway system bo
restricted to a line from the ferries to the Park,
the location of a power house at the northern
water front of the city would not be Justified.
The economic location will then be about mid
way between the road terminals, or about in
the position of the present Geary street power
house. This location has, therefore, been as
sumed as a basis for the cost estimate under
this resolution (Project 1). The building there
to be erected will serve not only as a power
house but also as a car house.
The committee's recommendation has been
favorably acted upon by the Board of Super
visors and has ' resulted in the adoption of
resolution N%>. 2501 which requests the Board
of Public Works, through the City Engineer,
to prepare "plans and estimates of the cost of
the original construction or reconstruction and
completion of the Geary Street Railroad as a.
municipal electrical road with underground
power, flat rails and the most improved elec
trical apparatus and equipment known to
science."
ADOPTS RESOLUTION.
The studies for these extensions had already
been made when the whole matter of the con
version of the Geary street road into an under
ground electric system was again taken up by
the Public Utilities Committee of the present
Board kit Supervisors, and the conclusion was
reached by that committee that the road con
struction should be confined to a line from, the
ferries at the foot of Market street to the
Park.
City Engineer Grunsky filed his report
yesterday with the Publio Utilities Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors with
regard to supplemental estimates of cost
of an extension of the Geary-street road
from Tenth avenue to the ocean. It is
suggested that the extension should be
either along and just within the northerly
line of Golden Gate Park or along C
street. The grading along C street would
cost only about one-third . as much 'as
that along D street.
With regard to an extension into Sunset
district the chief engineer says:
It was found feasible to cross Golden Gate
Park practically on the line of Nineteenth ave
nue. In carrying out this project it would be
necessary to cross the main park drive, the
boat house road and the south drive on bridges,
leaving the roads and paths of the park, ex
cept the roadway entrance at Nineteenth ave
nue unobstructed by the street car tracks. The
track location would be just west of Stow
Lake. This branch of the system should, for
a time at least, terminate at Ocean avenue.
CITY ENGINEER
FILES REPORT
There Is , some talk that the action of
the grand president in instituting Gene
vieve Parlor will again be j, brought Into
court, and that papers for that purpose
are being drawn up. I
With the money thus , raised a - pair of
diamond earrings was purchased ' for the
grand president at a cost, it Is said, ; of
$250; then the sum of $100 was paid for
rooms at the Berkshire in which to main
tain, headquarters for the • grand presi
dent, something never before done, and
in addition a large number of gold pins
were secured at a cost of $2 each to pre
sent to each delegate and grand officer
with which to pin on badges, and then to
be retained by those who received them
as a souvenir of the parlor session. '
This, it is said, was a~ part of a- scheme
to win over the delegates from the inte
rior to a plan to defeat Miss Keith for
the office of president, which; according
to' a long established custom, she ' would
fill by promotion, and to defeat - Miss
Laura J. Frakes, the grand secretary,
who is a candidate for re-election, because
she is a friend of the grand vice presi
dent. ¦%«** .... . . •.
JEWELRY . IS BOUGHT.
The matter of entertaining the grand
officers and delegates I has also been a
matter of considerable talk In- the order,
the entertainment committee in various
ways sought to raise a certain amount of
money with which 'to entertain. There
were days at the Chutes,; a bazaar,-thea
ter party and entertainment,' and then
there was an appeal to the local-; parlors
of the Native Sons, many of which con
tributed from . $10 to $25 ¦ toward •••, the en
tertainment fund, and an attempt: was
made to force an assessment of 60 cents
per capita on each parlor of the Native
Daughters; but that was resisted on the
ground that there was no .authority to
levy such an assessment. ¦ Some of the
parlors were even told that if it was not
paid the members would be suspended
from benefits. -.¦¦« •
This aroused . the curiosity of many of
the interior • delegates, <who' axe not ac
quainted with the facts and wanted ; to
know them. ; :- •
The members continued to vote and
there were cast more black cubes than
were required under the constitutional
provision. The grand president and a
number of her friends then quietly had
the prospective members of the new par
lor notified to meet in Barton's Hall on
Clay street where the parlor was secret
ly Instituted, while a Sheriff's officer was
looking, for the grand; president to serve
an injunction on her. The matter came
up in court, but the real - issue was • not
touched upon, on the ground that a civil
court could not interfere until the parties
in interest had exhausted all the . rights
which the order granted and it was de
clared that the matter 1 would have to be
decided in the Grand Parlor before any
other steps could be -taken. The matter
rested until Monday last, when a 'local
parlor issued a circular, which was dis
tributed to the delegates..- It was a state
ment of the case of the Organization of
Genevieve Parlor. ¦ ;
SECRETLY INSTITUTED.
the organization of "Genevieve Parlor."
The members asked for a stay before
taking a vote, which was granted, and
when it was presented a second time the
parlor commenced to vote upon it, but
before one-half of the members had voted
the petition was taken from the desk and
carried out of the room.
THE many friends of R. Van
Brunt, the well known clubman,
mining expert and former man
ager of Lily Langtry's California
stock farm, will be pained to
learn that he is suffering from ; strange
hallucinations. It is th© intention of his
old associates to place him in a private
sanitarium.
For the past six weeks Van Brunt has
shown signs of mental failing. He first
Imagined that he won an enormous for
tune on the Brooklyn handicap, when the
mare Relna came first under the. wire at
odds of 50 to 1. He now presents a pa
thetic figure in the corridors of the Pal
ace Hotel, pacing up and down the ro
tunda with a quick nervous step and
downcast eyes. Although Van Brunt has
an extensive wardrobe, he has not re
sorted to it for several weeks. He seldom
shaves, and he wears a straw hat that
has seen service for many years. Per
suaded by friends, he recently took a trip
to the country, but returned yesterday in
a worse condition. He visited the Palace
and informed his friends that in the fu
ture they must address him as Lord Rut
ledge. He explained that he had for
warded through his bankers in England
£15,000 to Queen Alexandra to defray- her
expenses at the coronation of King Ed
ward. For this generous act, he said, he
had bSen created a Lord by King Edward
and invited to act as master of ceremonies
at Westminster Abbey. Van Brunt also
imparted the startling information that
he had won £30,000,000 when Ard Patrick
won the English Derby. . < • . .
An effort was made to persuade Van
Brunt to go to a private sanitarium for
a rest, but he declared that he was per
fectly well. It is expected that Dan
Murphy of San Jose will take charge of
Van Brunt and see that he receives
proper care and treatment at some sani
tarium.
\an Brunt comes from one of the old
The trouble arose from the fact that
when a certain number of members with
drew from La Vespero Parlor and sought
to organize another parlor in South San
Francisco there was opposition in a
marked degree from La Vespero Parlor
and Mrs. Gett, then Grand President, was
unable to organize a parlor with the se
ceding membership. Then Mrs. Baker,
the present Grand President, undertook
to organize it and started with a petition
from parlor to parlor to obtain consent,
for to organize a new parlor the consent
of a certain number of parlors must be
obtained, and further the constitution
provides that If a stated number of black
cubes are cast against the petition the
parlor cannot be Instituted. The petition
was first presented to a number of par
lors as coming from "Genevieve Baker
Parlor," and when it was presented to La
Vespero Parlor that body refused to act
upon It at that meeting. The last ..parlor
to which it was presented was Minerva
Parlor, •which was known to be opposed
to giving consent, but when it was pre
sented the word "Baker" was scratched
out and it was presented as a petition for
CIRCULATE PETITION.
The ground for the opposition to the
delegates named was that Genevieve Par
lor was not legally organized under the
constitution of the order. An effort was
made, in the first place, to refer the mat
ter to a committee on arbitration, and had
that been adopted objection would have
been made to the grand president naming
the arbitrators, because she is an inter
ested party; then an effort was made to
refer it to a committee of the whole,
when the entire matter could be brought
up and fully discussed, but that was com
bated by known and unknown parliament
ary law, and the motion was ruled out of
order; then a motion was made that, as
the order is an incorporated body, attor
neys be permitted to enter the hall and
discuss the matter from a legal stand
point; but that motion was also lost. A
dozen different methods. were suggested,
but In each Instance the party that evi
dently did not want to have the matter
gone into succeded in voting down every
proposition looking toward that end. At
last the matter was referred to the com
mittee on state of the order, and In spite
of all objections presented the two dele
gates were seated. The debate lasted
from 2 o'clock in the afternoon until a
quarter to 6, and the discussion waxed
warm.
DELEGATES ABE SEATED.
Mrs. Baker's faction had Frank H.
Dunne ready to answer a telephone mes
sage, and Miss Keith's adherents had
George D. Collins in waiting nearly all
day in the office of the superintendent of
the building. . .
The announcement was made some time
ago that the present session of the Grand
Parlor of the Native Daughters of the
Golden "West was to be the most exciting
that the order has ever known. The
events of the last two days are bearing
out that statement. On the opening day
the first manifestation of an inharmo
nious session made Itself apparent. When
the committee on credentials was present
ed there cam© the first wave of discord. It
¦was an objection to receiving the report
as presented, the objection coming from a
representative of Minerva Parlor, who
was opposed to seats being given in the
Grand body to Blanche Peguellion and
Agnes Troy, delegates from Genevieve
Parlor. There are two factions In the
Grand body, one known as the party that
supports the present grand president,
Mrs. Baker, and the other that supports
Miss Keith, the grand vice president. It
was expected that there would be some
thing of a tangle that would require the
assistance of men learned in the law to
unravel, and each side had an attor
ney within call.
.Tne nomination for officers, which ac
cording to a law oassed at the previous
cession of the Grand Parlor should have
been made at the first Jay's session, was
postponed until to-day.
In the latter part of the afternoon the
reports of the deputy grand presidents
were read, after which there was an ad
journment until this morning. The dele
gates were treated to oyster loaves fur
nished by the committee on entertaln
rn^nt.
In the evening the delegates and a num
ber of the grand officers went in a party
to the Alcazar.
The reports of the grand secretary and
of the grand treasurer were also read, and
these, with that of the gand president,
•were referred to the committee on state
of the order.
At the afternoon session the report of
the grand president was read. It was a
iengthy document. That official reports
the order in a satisfactory condition; that
five new parlors, namely, Monte Robles at
Ban Mateo, Mauna Loa at Port Jones, Las
Torrosas at San Francisco, Genevieve at
San Francisco, Alta Alles at Loyalton
and Imogene at Sierraville, had been in
stituted during the year; that Wlnona
Parlor at Arcata, Liberty at Vallejo and
Golden Bar at Sierraville had been reor
ganized, and that Alaxneda Parlor had
surrendered its charter; that Bonita, San
Jose, Princess, Los Pimlentos and Los
Angeles parlors had each made such a
gain in membership during the year as to
entitle each to an additional delegate to
the Grand Parlor. It was recommended
that there be more public Installations,
more open meetings and district meetings
in localities where there are two or more
parlors, once In three months, and that
the wild poppy be adopted as the emblem
of the order. - . -
Miss Russell and Miss Burke were ap
pointed as assistants to the great secre
taries. Emma Greuber Foley was ap
pointed grand marshal In place of Har
riet Lee, and Tlllie Brobacka was ap
pointed grand organist.
During the noon recess the delegates
were entertained by Alta, Oro Flno, Las
Lomas and Calaveras parlors.
Ritual — Dr. M. Bertola, Ramona, No. 21;
Miss Stella Finkeldey, Santa Cruz, No. 26;
Miss Frank, Calaveras. No. 103; Mrs. A.
Brandt. Pinole. No. 92.
Transportation — Mrs. Emma G. Foley. Orin
da. No. 56; Miss Roor.ey, Aloha, No. 106; Miss
Molly Long:, Buena Vista, No. CS.
Finance — Misi M. B. Wllklns, Santa Crux,
Ko. 26; Miss G. Clark, Fremont, No. C9; Miss
A. Lacey. lx>6 Lomas, No. 7.
Appeals and grievances — Dr. M. Bertola, H»
xnona. No. 21; Mrs. S. Wllhelm, Manzanita,
Ko. 29; Mrs. C. M. 11 oak. San Jose. No. 81:
Mrs. Sheehy. El Pajaro, No. 34; Miss Nellie
Mulcahy. Ora Flao,-No. 8.
Petitions— Mrs. Cora B. Slfford. Baena Ven
tura. No. 99; Mrs. B. Johnson, Callfia, No. 22;
Miss Hoernle. Eshcol. No. 16.
State of the order — Miss C. K. 'Wlttenineyer.
Eamona. No. 21; Miss M. C. Hallaran, Occi
dent, No. 28; Miss KelthofiC, Yosemlte, No. 83;
Miss K. McGough, Darina. No. 114.
Legislation — Mrs. Carrie Durham, JoaQUln.
2Co. 5; Mrs. Ema Gett. Callfla, No. 22; Miss
C. Moore. Laurel, No. 6; Miss Eafetto, Buena
Ventura, No. 95; Mrs. Julia Podesta, Ursula,
No. 1. .
Printing and supplies — Mrs. H. M. Greene,
Buena Vista. No. 68: Miss E. Y. Douglas. Alta,
No. S;'Miss M. Tietjen. Golden State. No. 60.
l^aws and supervision — Miss Eliza D. Keith,
Alta, No. 3: Mrs. Ella "Wehe. Buena Vista, No.
«8; Miss Knabbe. Piedmont, No. S7; Mrs. Ari
ana Sterling, Alleli, No. 102; Mrs. Ldllie. Ivy,
No. SS.
The grand president at the session o!
the Grand Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West named the fol
lowing committees for the session:
NEW PARLORS
ARE INSTITUTED
TROUBLE BREWS
IN GRAND PARLOR
ANOTHER OF HALE'S GLOVE SALES.
Kid Gloves 80c.
Our own "Florodora."
j We do this every now and then. Too good a glove,
too low a price to come together very often. We are con-
centrating every energy we can to get a bigger glove
trade— A gain not alone in sales but in good will. /^,'.* ;
How We Do It.
So we confided with a big German maker. He was quick
to catch the Yankee spirit. Said that if we would let him
use his odd time he would turn us out a special glove.
He was glad of a chance to keep his plant going. He
was careful about the skins, how they. were tanned and
I • cut and finished.
He too was after a bigger trade. Both of us pulling
together have developed a wonderful bargain.
80 Cents Pair
For new, stylish lambskin* gloves. So soft and pliable;
so nice fitting. No one would ever guess you paid less
than $1.00. . ;
Guarantee them? Of course. We are proud to
stand back of them.
Sizes and shades for every one.
i — . , — : — 6
Towels and Toweling.
6 1 2 c for a Linen Toweling worth 10c.
Q | >
It is as good and cheap as it can be. Think of it— all linen and
18 inches wide^ — good and absorbent — unbleached. •
Cotton Huck Towels 7c — Fringed, bleached, with colored borders —
measure 1 7x39 inches. " . K :~ v
Turkish Towels 12j^c — A splendid bath towel— size 19x38 inches—
unbleached — fringed — a heavy quality. t
Neck Ruffs $2.50.
Q — — — — — — — — -— Q
Made of pretty black silk tusca net — trimmed with eitherT
. black or white ribbons. We make them in our own worki
rooms— that's why they are so pretty and cost so little. j
—^— — »«^^— 1 11 *» »i iiiiww^mihhm n« — —^m 11 m - - '¦¦¦ 11 ¦ mm i —^m— mmmm — i^— Qj
Our Manicuring Parlors
q — : n
are as inviting as we can make them.
¦ We even went so far as to have/original tables constructed. In the
center of each there is running water. Only experienced artist3 are in
attendance.
Women's Manicuring 25c. ¦
Gentlemen's Manicuring 50c.
o . — —6
T/YlarketStreet,T $7 \^^m __. j Market Street, T
j Near Sixth, /M/Jf/ (&£&* (£&¦ «|§il Near S«th,
i Opposite Golden I /Jff _^_^^**^ I Opposite Golden I
Gate Avenue. J^ ¦* -^m,, €jr OOl> OOOD^^-^ Gate Avenge. J[
s^ T^gfft w^*> auJ^ : '
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
Creamery Butter, square 35c
FIrst-clasa quality.
Malt Breakfast Food, 2 pkgs-.25c
An elegant Pins Pong: set tree with
• every 12 Tsackases o« this delicious and
most' easily digested food.
Washing Powder, 4-lb pkg — 20c
Swift'* — superior to all others for g en-
eral use. Regularly 25c.
Eagle Milk, 2 tins 25c
Limit 2 tins. Regularly 13c a tla.
Toilet Paper, 3pkjs 25c
"Tha Dells." Fine ellk tissue; guaran-
teed free from all injurious chemicals.
and full count. Regularly 2 for 25c.
Whisk Brooms, each 20c
Made from best material, with plush
finish. Resrularly 25c.
French Castile Soap, bar 25c
The celebrated Virgin brand. Eegu-
larly 30c
Rosebud Whiskey, bot 90c, gal $4
Old and mellow. Nothing finer. Regu-
larly $1 25 and $5.
Frensh Sarta, 3 tins 25c
Small tins, small fish. In pure olive oil.
; Regularly 10c a tin.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLJCITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST.. neap Market
TELEPHONE MAIN S522.
Live in a Trunk?
Yes— If you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any dealer or apply to '
J. MARTY, Man'f'r,
826 Howard St., 6. F.
For Stomach Disorders.
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline} Water
220 BROAD-WAT. N. T.
iifi. HALL'SiiElNYiGORATORjraWl
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five W^V^3
hundred reward for any case wa *^"* frT\
cannot cure^ This tecret rem-JT l\
edy curea Emissions., Impotency, fea BM
\arlcoc«le, Gonorrhoea, Gl-et P*H Frn
Strictures. Drains. Vo 8t Mali- SD CIO
hood and all other wasting ef- E*fl i^M
fects of self-abuse or excesses. rv • *— "rtfci
Bent sealed. ?2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed
*J .*"" an y case. Call or address order*
HALI/S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073£
Market »l. S. F. Send for frea book.
Weak Eyes Stren&thenod.
"^rivA**^ Painful or Inflamed ey» la-
5ffijSsSH£, «antly relieved witaGEORUS
*l52Ei5!5r MAYERLE'S German Ey«
Water. 80c. at 10T1 Marxat
yv°^W v «t. TeL South 8T2. Nona «•»¦•
Vs. us* without tiu» trademark,;
Wrappers
TO-DAY, 70c for Women's $i.oo
Wrappers.
TO-DAY, OOc for. Women's $i.2S
Wrappers.
TO-DAY $1.15 for Women's $1.50
Wrappers, y
They're made of best Calico and Per-
cale. New patterns. Prettily trim-
med with! fancy braid or embroid-
ery v insertion. Spanish flounce.
?. Lined to "Waist. Perfect fitting.
-. -All-sizes: ¦ • )
Women's OversKirts
SPEC'AL
0 I I C.' or -$ I '7S Overskirts. Your
\|~ I"! choice of these stylish
HI 1 1 1 U Skirts, in Linen,- or Navy
Blue.torV Black Polka Dot Duck.
Graceful- flare flounce^ All sizes.
Children's Dresses
ALL SIZES
ftp. TO-DAY for 50c Zephyr
Lapels over shoul-
UwU ders.' \Trimmed with fancy
braid. . ,:
f" t\ n TO-DAY for 75c French
*\ %fl P Chambray Dresses, made
>U U iTwith 'v slashed Bretelles.
Trimming'of. Linen .Torchon Lace.
' 1 The £ood assortment, styles and
prices oV. Children's Dresses on dis-
play to-day will please you.,
A A '_ for Jaunty $1.50 Linen Sailor
MKP Suits, trimmed with Navy
UUU Blue Pique. r Large, stylish
sailor collar and tie. ' .
Boys' Blouses
1 A , is the/price- TO-DAY for
! KP Boys' 35c Striped Percale
I U U /Blouses. Front sailor collar
and ! turnover cuffs, edged ; with ruf-
fles. Good serviceable colors. All
sizes. -
WATCH FOR OUR" REMOVAL
'¦;•-- , ; .:;.|- ¦,¦.•;.._ SALE.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
. .Between . Taylor, and Jones.
Store closed at 6 o'clock.
Leggings, 35c
The family shoe bill is a big ex-
pense, but you can reduce it to a
minimum by watching our Thursday
and Friday special sales for the dif-
ferent values in every department
For to-morrow we offer:
More Leggings^-We have just re-
ceived another lot of canvas leg-
gings — this time we have them for
. boys, ladies and - men— Thursday
and Friday special .......35c
Children's and Misses' Oxfords— In
patent leather or Vici kid. with pat-
ent leather tips and extension soles.
Thursday and Friday special:
Sizes 8% to 11 $1.3.5
Sizes 11% to 2..... ...#1.65.
Children's and Misses' Tan Calf
OxfordSr-With orthopedic toes and
extension soles. Thursday and Frl-
,day special: .
Sizes G to 8. ...... ....,81.15
Sizes 8% to 11 ...81.35
• Sizes 11% to 2..*.. ....81.65
Youtiis' and Boys' Box ' Calf Ox-
fords— With welted soles, built Just
like papa's. . Thursday and Friday
. special;
Sizes 10, to 13. ."..81.65
Sizes 13%' to 2... .....81.85
.Sizes 2% to 5%.......82.15
Youths' and Boys' Tan Russia Ox-
fords— With Goodyear welts; a sum-
mery shoe for little men. . Thursday
' and Friday special:
Sizes 13% to 2...... ..$2.05
.'Sizes 2% to 6.. ...... .$2.55
Elderly Ladies' Comfort Shoes—
Either lace or gaiters, with seam
• . through the center. Thursday and
Friday special. ..;. $1.65
Ladies' Vici Kid Oxfords-EIther
with extended or . turn soles, patent
leather or kid tip3. Thursday and
Friday special...... •.....$1.85
Ladies' Box Calf or Kid Oxfords—
Hand-welted extension soles; our
regular. $3.60 value. . Thursday and
Friday special. .-...S2.65
Ladies' Patent Leather or Enamel
Oxfords— With heavy rubber soles •
the very;thingr for yachting or ten-
nis. Thursday and Friday special .
••••••• ........... $1.85
Men's Oxford and Lace Shoes—
Either in chocolate Vici or tan Rus-
sia; stylish .lasts; our regular $3.50'
, grade. Thursday and Friday special
at.......;........; ... ; .$3.15
Country Orders Filled on the Day
Received. Write for Catalogae.
JSale's.
Hale's.
I 50 cents per 100 1
ifj for any quantity of ||
¦;'| from uu^^^'W^t\?\^^ 7^^^^^'^^^*S*^M^ \\
§ Cigars I
i I or any retail dealer on the Coast f|
\ ¦ will accept them as cash M
§ Herman Heyneman 1 1
[ 4 204 Sacramento St., San Francisco ||
I j California ]||
¦O"^— — — — i^ — —^mm — — — ¦^mmm — — —^
GIBSON'S
Observations No. 12
Published by "Your Boeom Friend." .r.rr once in m wHll.
• I'm glad to see the Shriners and
I want to see them here, right here
; in my store. The 'phone is free and
you're welcome. If your shirt sleeves
are too long, come in and I'll fix 'em.
If you want to see the directory,
come and welcome. These favors
cost nothing and make me friends.
I want.to be accommodating— so
by asking a favor you 1avor me,
i Will I see you to-day? Perhaps I
I can sell you some neckwear, a shirt
j or two and some collars.
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend."
i F\irnisHings for Gentlemen.
1202*1204 Market St 'Phone South 850
MISCELLANEOUS.